VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 62.
WEYLER TO USE
HARSH METHODS.
Will Give Insurgents Eight
Days in Which to
Surrender.
RESULT OF A REFUSAL.
Propose to Inaugurate a Cam
paign of Blood and Fire on
the Island.
MISSION OF GENERAL MARIN
With a Large Force of Soldiers He De
parts for the Province of
Pinar del Rio.
LONDON, Ebb., Jan. 30.— A dispatch
from Madrid to the Central News says
that as soon as General Weyler, the new
Captain-General of Cuba, arrives at Ha
vana, he will issue a proclamation giving
the rebels eight days to lay down their
arms and surrender. If they do not do
tnis he will then inaugxirate a campaign of
blood and fire against the rebels and their
abettors.
GENERAL CLARIS DEPARTS.
With a Big Fore* Hm Will Enter Pinar
del Rio J'rovinee.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 30.— General
Fabas Marin, acting captain-general, left
this city this morning on a special train.
It was stated that he had gone on a trip of
inspection along the line of railway be
tween Havana and Batabano, thirty-five
miles southwest of the capital, but it later
became known that he had gone to the
field, presumably to prevent Gomez
from affecting a conjunction with Maceo
in the province of Pinar del Rio.
"Whatever his destination may be, it is
certain that he was accompanied by his
entire staff, a company of the Orden
Publico, a battery of artillery, a detach
ment of cavalry, a hospital corps, a chap
lain and two guides who are familiar with
the Vuelta Abajo, the great tobacco dis
trict. The presence of these guides renders
it pretty certain that General Marin is
bound for Pinar del Rio. The train, which
was a very Jong one, was preceded by a
pilot-engine for the purpose of seeing that
the track, bridges and culverts had not
been tampered with* b' - : "*"reent3.
he cavalry. horses fi!le . The
battery of artillery mc .- rapid-fire
gun.
It is believed here that General Marin
intends to conduct the field operations
personally until General Weyler, the
newly appointed captain-general, arrives,
•when he will probably return to Havana
to consult with him as to the campaign to
be followed. General Marin left General
Suarez Valdez in command here. •
From information received here it is
known that General Gomez is moving
west near the northern coast of the prov
ince of Pinar del Rio. The latest trust
worthy information placed Maceo in the
western part of the province, but it may
be that he has since marched eastward
with the intension of meeting Gomez.
The military authorities are confident
that the troops will be able to pen both
rebel leaders in Pinar del Rio and force
them to a pitched battle. They hope that
they only are able to compel the rebels to
stand and they will crush them. Cuban sym
pathizers bere point to both Gomez's and
Maceo's success heretofore in avoiding the
(Spanish troops when it suited them to do
so, and contend that their generalship is of
such a high order that they will delude
the Spanish commanders as to their
whereabouts, and will leave the province
when they feel inclined to. The scarcity
of ammunition among the rebels will pre
vent them from attempting a decisive en
gaeement with the Spanish troops.
Five hundred volunteers, recruited in
Havana, have been sent south to strengthen
the Trocha or military lines between Ha
vana and Batabano.
The train on which General Marin and
his force traveled left Rincon and pro
ceeded for Guanajay, the terminus of the
railway. The cavalry force was augment
ed by 1100 men, who, with their horses,
were taken from Rincon, thus making the
column strong in this branch of arms and
placing it on more equal terms with the
rebel forces, most of whom are mounted.
Several small engagements between
Spanish troops and hands of insurgents
are reported to have taken plare at Man
zanillo, in tne province of Santa Clara.
No importance is attached to them, how
ever.
SEND AID TO CUBA.
Connecticut Sympathizers Boldly Report
II hat They Have Done.
NEW HAVEN, Cosn., Jan. 30.— The
Register fhis afternoon says:
The Cuban sympathizers of this city,
who have recently dispatched three ship
loads of arms and supplies for Cuba, have
been assured that the aid thus furnished
has been received in safety and that it has*
proved of the greatest material aid in in
fluencing the course of the war. Enough
arms were sent to equip half a dozen regi
jnents and ammunition enough was pro
vided for a couple of engagements.
The fact that the arms and other aup-
T lies were received in safety and that they
have been distributed clear? sympathizers
of this city of all evidence of aiding a cause
whuse legitimacy is not yet recognized by
tlie United States Government. They
have, howcer, attested their sincerity in
their efforts to the Cuban cause by send
ing to Washington as soon as they were
assured that the arms and supplies had
been distributed a delegation who laid
indirectly at the disposition of Govern
ment the facts in the case. It was stated
that certain prominent citizens of this
place had sent the supplies to Cuba, and
they believed they wore obeying the high
est laws of justice and liberty in so doing.
They stated furthermore that so con
vinced were they ol tiie righteousness of
The San Francisco Call.
their cause that they would continue to
aid the cause till the independence of the
island was recognized or lost.
The specific names of the aiders of the
belligerents were not given to the Govern
ment, but the assertion was given that
only the highest motives controlled the
sympathizers in their expression of sym
pathy.
The Register will not irive the names of
its informants of the aid that has been
rendered to Cuba, but will state that they
are persons of the greatest political and
military influence in this city-
BIGHTS OF RELLIGERENCY.
Why the United Statra Will Hesitate in
According It.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— State
Department officials do not believe that
the President will have any hesitation in
transmitting to the Spanish Government
tne Cuban resolution without other com
ment than that he is requested to do so by
action of Congress. It is believed that he
will not take upon hinise'f any responsi
bility in the matter, hut will let the re
sponsibility for tne reply which Spain can
be relied upon to make rest wholly with
Congress, the idea being that in passing
wnat is nothing more than a resolution of
sympathy the Senate in particular is no t
thoroughly advised of the state of affairs in
Cuba and the manner in which the war is
being conducted.
Secretary Olney and the President are
thought to have fully advised themselves
of the difficulties which would arise if
belligerency were recognized by either the
United States or Spain, or both. With
such recognition Spain would at once be
absolved from all responsibility on account
of losses by foreigners in the island, either
from destruction of property or loss of
trade, while it was not seen that tht in
surgents could gain anything by it. They
also keenly appreciated that while it
might be possible to compel the Spaniards
to conduct their warfare in accordance
with such human attitude toward captives
as is universally recognized by civilized
nations, it would be impossible to under
take the responsibility of guaranteeing
the same line of action by the insurgents.
This difficult}' is heightened by the fact
that the Cubans have no uniforms to dis
tinguish them from lawless bands which
are profiting by the general demoraliza
tion of the island to pillage and plunder
broadcast.
In the Franco-German war the Germans
shot all the francs-tireurs they could catch,
without trial or investigation, and among
the so-called belligerent rights in the com
bat of those two highly civilized nations
either had the right — and exercised it— to
kill all spies, dynamiters and others with
out uniforms, on sight. Unless the United
States can prevent the Cubans themselves
from carrying on barbarous warfare, State
Department officials declare that an at
tempt to compel Spain to act humanely
will constitute a direct interference with
Spanish sovereignty, which certainly is
not contemplated.
CUB ANS ARE O VERJOYED.
Gomez and Macro Advised of the Senate's
Attitude.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.— President
Estrada Palma of the Cuban Junta said
to-day that the Cubans were overjoyed at
the news that the Senate Committee on
Foreign Relations had submitted a report
recommending that President Cleveland
use the good offices of the United States to
have Spain accord the Cuban army the
right of belligerents.
Already a synopsis of the report has
been sent to Generals Gomez and Maceo
and President Palma expressed the opinion
that it would result in the leaders working
with renewed hope.
IN SEARCH OF FILIBUSTERS.
Cruise of the Raleigh and Montgomery
in the South.
ST. AUGUSTINE, Fla., Jan. 80.— The
United States cruisers Raleigh and Mont
gomery have been combing the coast this
afternoon, presumably in search of Cuban
filibusters. Just before nightfall they
steamed away to the south. It is sup
posed they are bound for Palm Beach to
see that the filibusters alieged by Spanish
Minister de Lome to be camped at that
place do not get away to Cuba.
OBJECT TO INTERFERENCE.
Spanish Newspapers Advocate Some
Harsh Measure*.'
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 30.— The Standard's
Madrid's correspondent telegraphs that,
with a view to pacifying the public and
the newspapers that have been irritated by
the Cuban resolution introduced in the
American Senate, the Government organs
remark that the hitherto perfectly cor
rect and friendly attitude of President
Cleveland and his Cabinet toward Spain
contrasts strongly with the sympathy in
the United States for the insurgents. Some
of the newspapers urge the Government
to maintain a resolute attitude and show
the United States that Spaniards will not
tolerate interference with their affairs.
BADLY WA NTED IN OHIO.
Serious Charges Against Colonel Ralph
Wilson, a Filibuster.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 30.— A special
to the Press from Portsmouth, Ohio, says
that Colonel Ralph Wilson, commanding
the Ohio filibusters in Cuba, who yester
day captured two towns from the Spanish,
is suspected of being a forger and counter
feiter and is badly wanted by the post
office authorities and police. Wilson
raised a small company in Columbus
some months ago for the insurgent ser
vice in Cuba.
LOSS OF THE HAWKINS.
Vndtr Rulings of Courts the Cargo Was
J'Cgititnate Merchandise.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30. -The Times
to-morrow will publish an authoritative
statement on behalf of the Cubans regard
ing the ill-fated Garcia expedition.
The expedition, according to the Times'
authority, was not a fighting one. The
men on the steamer J. W. Hawkins were
not enrolled, and the arms and ammuni
tion were merchandise, according to the
rulings of the courts. The Times' infor
mant, continuing, says:
"There is no ground for entertaining for
an instant a belief that a 'traitor' scuttled
the Hawkins. Confronted with fact and
logic such a suggestion simply fills up the
list of theories, wnich is a long one.
"The way the vessel came to founder is
perfectly well known. It was simply on
account of her unseaworthiness. Not
only was she badly constructed and had
pumps out of order, but there, were many
causes that contributed to her destruction.
"There should be no suspicion that any
member of the Junta profited in any way
by the acquisition of the Hawkins. I will,
however, risk the contingency of the exist
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JANUARY 31, 1896.
ence of doubt on this subject by asserting
squarely that neither in the purchase or
equipment of the vessel did any member
of the Junta profit to the extent of one
cent.
•'As to our chief, the status of Tomas
Estrada Palma is unchanged. Pencil,
paper and arithmetic will soon decide the
loss by the foundering of the Hawkins.
It is $45,000 or thereabouts, not $200,000 or
$300,000. As to consequences it may be
regarded «s a small disaster.
"While the ammunition would have
been a timely supply to the patriots, the
failure of the expedition is not a grave
catastrophe. The feeling among the
Cubans here is one of disappointment,
not of despondency by any means."
NOT PROPERLY FRAMED.
Armenian and Cuban Resolutions Art
Irregular in I'orin.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— With
regard to the so-called "concurrent resolu
tion" as to Armenian affairs, which makes
a reauest on the President to bring the
opinion of Congress to the attention of the
signatory powers to the Berlin treaty, a
nice constitutional question was raised in
the House of Representatives during its
discussion, and is again raised in official
circles, as to whether this "concurrent
resolution" is not in fact a "joint resolu
tion" within the meaning of article I, sec
tion 3, of the constitution of the United
States. If this be so, it of course follows
that, however misnamed "concurrent"' or
otherwise, the resolution falls within the
provisions of the third clause of the sec
tion referred to, which requires tnat
"every order, resolution or vote to which
the concurrence of the Senate or House
of Representatives may be necessary (ex
cept on a question of adjournment) shall
be presented to the President of the United
States, and before the same shall be ap
proved by him, or being disapproved by
him shall be repassed by two-thirds of the
Senate and House of Representatives ac
cording to the rules and limitations pre
scribed in the case of a bill."
It is held by parliamentarians that a bill
enacted enters permanently into the stat
utes; that a joint resolution deals with
matters of temporary existence, while a
concurrent resolution relates to an affair
exclusively connected with Congress, as,
for example, the adjournment of both
houses for a longer period than three days,
or an order for the payment of small con
tingent expenses, with no contemplation
of bringing in executive interference. A
sharp line is thus drawn between affairs
relating solely to executive matters and
those involving executive action.
Under the circumstances it is vigorously
contended that the Armenian resolution
is really a joint resolution, though called
a concurrent one, and that if not signed or
vetoed by the President it will become a
Inw by limitation and will go upon the
statutes at. the end of ten days in default
of executive action upon it. This position
is very strongly held by officials of lon,v
experience. They state that the mere in
scribing of the resolution upon the blank
forms used by Congress for concurrent
action cannot change the nature of the
subject-matter, and the suggestion is made
that the President may take this view and
call the attention of Congress to the irreg-
ular form in which the matter is presented
for his official action. It may be added
that the same question as to the propriety
of form applies also to the Cuban resolu
tions reported to-day by the Senate Com
mittee on Foreign Relations.
AGENT KROUT CONFESSES.
But Claims That His Father Wat Xot in
the Robbery.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan 30.—
George Krout, the Wells-Fargo express
agent, confessed that he stole the
express package containing $.50,000, for
the theft of which he was ar
rested, but he asserts thai his
father, who also is a prisoner, had nothing
to do with the robbery. The son has been
taken by detectives to Illinois, where his
father lived, probably for the purpose of
recovering the remainder of the stolen
money. (
Mr. Huntington Writes a Letter.
ARGUES AGAINST
ANY RE-FUNDING.
Hilborn Says It Would Be
Equivalent to Taxing
the People.
VIEWS OF CALIFORNIANS
Favor Foreclosure on the Pacific
Roads and Government
Ownership.
MAGUIRE TO BE HEARD NEXT.
Meanwhile Senator Goebel Is Looking
After the Kentucky E-nd of
the Struggle.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.-Pur
suant to arrangements made yesterday
Representatives Maguire and Hilborn were
to have been heard to-day by the House
Pacific Roads Committee, but Maguire
gave way to John Coombs of iSioux City,
. - -I ,
State Senator William Goebel of Kentucky, Who Leads the Fight to Repeal the
Southern Pacific's Charter. :
lowa, who spoke in opposition to the
Union Pacific reorganization scheme and
insisted that in any settlement of the
Union Pacific Railroad question the future
control of the road should not be limited
to the so-called reorganization committee,
but should be open to all bidders.
Hilborn then made an argument against
re-funding the Pacific railroad debts. He
said that, notwithstanding Tweed's asser
tion to the contrary, he believed, and nine
tenths of the people of California believed,
that refunding the Pacific railroad debta
would be equivalent to a special tax oh the
people of that region, in the form of exces
sive freights and fares, to the amount of
the debts wjth interest.
He argued that the Central Pacific Rail
road Company could not legally make a re
funding agreement extending beyond 1911,
because under the law of California it
would absolutely cease to exist at that
time, without any possibility under that
law of reviving it.
He stated that, regardless of his own
opinions on the matter, nine-tenths of the
people he represented were in favor of
foreclosure of the mortgages, and nearly
that proportion were in favor of Govern
ment ownership, and that, representing
the opinion and desire of his constituents,
he was opposed to any funding scheme
and in favor of foreclosure, whether it re
sulted in Government ownership or not.
Several questions were asKed by mem
bers of the committee, to which Hilborn
replied that he desired to discuss only
such phases of the question as he had spe
cially examined, and preferred leaving all
other questions to his colleague, Maguire,
who had thoroughly examined and con
sidered the whole matter. The committee
adjourned with the understanding that
Maguire will be heard for two hours to
morrow afternoon.
Johnson of California was alert and ner
vous as usual in seeing that no mistake
should be made to the prejudice of the
Central Pacific Railroad Company.
SENATOR GOEBEL'S RECORD.
Made of the Right Material to Fight the
Southern Pacific.
FRANKFORT, Ky., Jan. 30.— Senator
Goebel's bill to repeal the charter under
which the Southern Pacific Railway is
operating, is progressing slowly. It re
ceived its second reading yesterday, and
without mucti talk went over. Its defense
will develop, it is believed, when it cornea
up for the final reading.
Senator William Goebel, who introduced
the bill, was born in Pennsylvania about
forty-rive years ago, and with his parents
moved to Covington, Ky., in 1866. He
was educated at Gambier College and the
Cincinnati Law School. In his youth he
took little or no interest in politics, but
was by his recognized ability soon forced
to take a prominent part in politics of
Kenton County.
He allied himself with the opposition to
a faction which had been in control of the
Democratic machinery for years, and by
his skillful manipulation and personal
popularity the "gang" was displaced, and
ever since be has had absolute control of
the politics of the county.
He has been a member of the State
Senate for eight years and was president
pro tern, of that body during one session.
As a result of political troubles on April
16, 1885, he shot and killed John L. Sand
ford, cashier of the Farmers' and Traders'
Bank of Covington. He was acquitted on
the ground of self-defense.
As a member of the Senate he has had
many bills of great benefit to Covington
enacted and has by his repeated election
demonstrated the fact that he is the most
popular man in Kenton County.
GREAT SLAUGHTER AT ZEITOUN.
Terrible Treatment Inflicted Upon Luck
less Prisoners Taken by Fiend
ish Turks.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 30.— The Constan
tinople correspondent of The United
Press, telegraphing under date of January
28, says that letters nave been received
from Maraah confirming the stories that
great slaughter occurred in the recent
battle between the Turkish troops and the
Armenians who had captured and held the
town of Zeitoun.
The exact number of the dead is not
known, but it can be stated with certainty
that it was very large. Twelve hundred
wounded men have already reached
Marash, and many more are following
them to that place. Many of the wounded
have died, either in Marash or along the
road from Zeitoun.
A number of prisoners have been tafcen
to Marash. Their treatment was some
thing awful. All sorts of indignities were
heaped upon them, and in a large number
of cases they were so shockingly ill treated
that it is impossible to publish details.
The Governor of Marash has again tried
to brint» about a reconciliation between
the Turks and the Armenians in Zeitoun,
but his efforts have been in vain.
Mast >f the prominent Armenians in the
vU\%, ■', have been arrested. , ,
SAD FATE OF A SCIENTIST
Dr. Alfred Kennedy Burned to
Death During a Fire in
His Rooms.
He Was the Founder and Vice-Presi
dent of the Pennsylvania
Agricultural Society.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 30.— Dr.
Alfred L. Kennedy, a man of considerable
scientific attainments as a metallurgist
and geologist, was burned to death during
a fire which occurred this evening in his
rooms in an office building on Third street,
above Walnut.
The origin of the fire is unknown, but as
the rooms were littered with papers and
manuscript, and as Dr. Kennedy was
nearly 80 years of age, it is supposed that
in lighting the gas he set fire to some of
the paper and was overcome by the smoke
and was unable to make his escape.
When the firemen succeeded in entering
the room the body of Dr. Kennedy was
found charred beyond recoenition. The
loss by tne fire only amounted to about
$1000.
Dr. Kennedy was a graduate of the Uni
versity of Pennsylvania and in 1853 estab
lished the Polytechnic College of Phila
delphia and was its president until the
college went out ot existence about a year
ago. Dr. Kennedy was also the founder,
vice-president and geologist of the State
Agricultural Society and one of the found
ers of the Pennsylvania branch of the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals.
A MEMORIAL FUNERAL.
Honor to the Memory of the J.ate Embat-
sador Runyon.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 30.— A me
morial funeral was held at St. George'si
Episcopal Church to-day in honor of the
memory of the late Embassador, Theodore
Runyon.
Prince Leopold of Hohenzollern was
present as the representative of the Em
peror, and the entire court, the diplomatic
corps and several of the imperial Prussian
Ministers were in attendence.
The church was not of sufficient capac
ity to hold all who desired to attend. In
consequence of this the pastor of the
church, at the request of Mrs. Runyon
will hold an overflow service on Sunday
in the American church.
LEFT VALUABLE SECURITIES.
Mystery Conneeteu With an American
If lii> Itied Suddenly.
PARIS, France, Jan. 30.— A shabbily
dressed man was seized with a fit in the
street here to-day, and was carried to the
poor lodging that he had occupied for
twelve years, where he died in a short
time.
The police, in seeking to identify him,
made a search of his room and found
American securities to the amount of
2,000,000 irancs, and also proof that the
man became an American citizen in 1877.
Nothing was found, however, to siiow
what his real name was.
Cholera in Jtu&.iia.
ST. PETERSBURG, Russia, Jan. 30.—
The official cholera statistics for the week
ending January 25 sh jw that there were
fourteen new cases and five deaths from
the disease.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
STORY OF JOHN
HAYS HAMMOND.
Message Sent by Him to
Senator Jones of
Nevada.
CORRUPTION RAMPANT,
The Arrested Mining Engineer
Tells of the Evils of the
Boer Government.
CAUSE OF THE BIG UPRISING.
Wealth Producers Find Themselve*
Alone, With No Voice in the
Control of Affairs.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.-Sen.
ator John P. Jones has received the iol
lowing message from John Hays Hara«
rnond, who is in jail at Pretoria, South
Africa :
"I was arrested with sixty others*
charged with sedition and high treason.
The circumstances are as follows:
"The history of the Transvaal is that of
a small, unenlightened, retrogressive com
munity. The Government is a narrow
oligarchy, with a bad, inefficient adminis
tration. Monstrous monopolies and cor
ruption are rampant.
"The new population, including many
prominent Americans, comprises more
than twice the number of governing. They
are tne wealth producers, capable of nil
industries, yet they bear nine-tenths ol
the taxation.
"They feel themselves alone, have no
voice in affairs, are excluded from fran
chise, have no municipal government, no
participation for their children in public
schools. They are oppressively taxed and
badly treated.
"The independence of the Supremo
Court is constantly assailed by the Legis
lature. This condition of affairs has pre
vailed for years. All petitions for redress
of grievances and remonstrances to the
Boer Legislature was treated with scorn.
"In December the leading citizens of
Johannesburg, including all the prominent ■
Americans, constituted a reform commit
tee to obtain constitutional redress
>and issued a manifesto of their
demands, having first hoisted th«
Transvaal flag, and sworn to maintain the
integrity of the republic. While agitating
the questions constitutionally, the Jame
son incident occurred. It was quite dii«
associated from the reform movement.
"On December 31 the committee sent a
delegation to Johannesburg, askine the
reform committee to send a deportation to
Pretoria. The deputation went and con
ferred with the Government. No under-*
standing was arrived at.
"The battle of Doornkopf was fought,
Jameson's column was defeated and the
Johannesburg people were asked to lay
down their arms, which was done, on the
understanding from the Government that
their demands would be favorably con
sidered, which were made solely to protect
the lives of our women, children and our
property.
"The Government agreed to all this.
The demands of the Government wera
carried out without any demonstra
tion of violence on our part. Never- j
theless many prominent Americana
and others, numbering sixty, were arrested '
and prosecuted for sedition and treason,
under penalties involving impiisonment
and confiscation of property valued at.
millions sterling."
"The detention of all the prisoners is
unjustifiable and the confiscation of prop
erty a monstrous oppression.
"Ask our Government to urge on the
Transvaal Government that the demands
of the reform committee were reasonable
and based on primary principles of the
republic.
"Protest against the treatment of all, and 1
of Americans in particular. If the Trans
vaal Government persists in its present
course our Government can only invoke aid
of Great Britain as the paramount in South
African power to coerce the Transvaal,
which then forfeits the moral support of a
sister republic. This course the Transvaal
would fear.
"First— urge the reasonableness of our
claims, then warn the Transvaal Govern
ment of the consequences of the loss of
support and invoking aid of Great Britain,
which is much disliked by the Transvaal
Government."
DISCORD IN LOUISIANA.
A. Lively Wrangle at the Republican
State Convention.
NEW ORLEANS, La., Jan. 30.— The
Republican State Convention was called to
order at 10 a. m. to-day, but the credentials
committee not being ready to report a
recess was taken until 1 p. m., when an
other adjournment was had until night.
At 7 o'clock the credentials committee
met and a wrangle resulted in the adoption
of the majority report, which represents
the Kelloeg wish es. After several hours
of wild debate and general disturbance
General Thomas A. Cage was chosen chair
man and L. J. Toubert secretary.
The resolutions recommended the Repub
licans to support the joint Populist and
sugar-planters' ticket, which is headed by
j H. T'harr for Governor. They will ba
'adopted.
George F. Jtajoun Head.
DES MOINES, lowa, Jan. 30.— &e orge
F. Magoun. founder and for many years
president of lowa College at Grinnell.died
there at 1 :30 o'ciocfc this morning.2
DECLARED THE
USUAL DRAW
George Dixon and "Peddler"
Palmer Fought Six
Rounds.
BOTH BOXED GAMELY.
Best Exhibition of Fast and Scien
tific Boxing Seen in
Years.
THOSE FAMOUS RUSHERS MET.
But During the Closing Round the
Englishman Seemed to Be
Outmatched.
W YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.— George
Dixuii, the famous feather-weight cham
and "Peddler" Palmer, the no less
famous English bantam and conquerer of
Billy Plinuner, fought a six-round di-aw
at Madison-square Garden in the presence
of about 6000 persona tu-night. The con
,. test was one of the greatest exhibitions of
fast and scientific skill seen in many years.
Palmer scaled 116}£ pounds., or a pound
lighter than his opponent, but to the eyes
of the onlookers Dixon looked much the
bigger man.
1 ■ ir the lirst two rounds the bantam out
pointed the feather-weight. Quicker than
a riash he put in his left and ducked with
wonderful celerity the fierce rushes and
heavy swings that have made Dixon fa
mous. Ho.iors in the second and third
rounds were fairly even, but the last two
rounds were in the colored champion's
favor. Palmtr appeared to be tiring and
*the battering-ram attacks of Dixon scored.
The decision was enthusiastically received
and the sports cheered both the lads vo
ciierou.-ly.
After a few preliminary bouts had been
decided the stars of the evening appeared.
Dixon via? first to come into the ring.
i shortly after and the
little Englishman was received with a
storm of applause. The "peddler" looked
like a mere child alongside his dusky op
ponent.
Palmer got to work quickly and sent the
left is on the jaw. He repeated on th«
face a moment later and again on the
body. This nettled Dixon and he made a
fierce swing which the Englishman
avoided.
Dixon tried his famous rushing tactics
•which biought the wonderful cleverness
of the "peddler" out, and the colored cham
pion wai fairly puzzled. Again and again
the colored lad tried to rind an opening,
but Patmer eluded him easily. He ducked
to either side with equal quickness and the
crowd rose en ma^e and applauded his
clever wort.
Palmer sent a straight left on the jaw,
and in a raily fought George to the ropes
•jiU hands when the bell rang.
Both tried cautiously for an opeuins in
the second. Palmer go: there lirst with a.
left en the jay. Dixon rushed, but failed
to score. The colored boy swung hu left"
ior the jaw, but Palmer ducked and came
up smiling behind him. Dixon landed a
rignt on the jaw, and Palmer responded
with a left jub on the neck. They had a
hot rally in which Palmer had a bit the
better of it, using both hands freely.
In the third round Palmer opened the
bail again, but Dixon swung the right
band on the jaw. Palmer Dopped his left
on George's cnin and got away from a hot
return. Ti.e "'peddler" forced the fight
ing with both hands on the face and neck,
but Dixon equalized with heavy body
blow*, and honors were easy. Dixon was
the first to lead in the next, but fell short
and Palmer got in a straight left on the
neck. The cockney put a light left-hander
in Dixon 3 face and got away cleverly.
Dixon again played for the body, while
Palmer paid his attention to the feather
weight's face. Just before the round
closed Dixon swune his right hard on the
"peddler's" jaw and the blow told.
I'aimer seemed to have lost some of his
wonderful quickness and Dixon's inning
commenced. Dixon swung hia right vi
ciously for the jaw and Palmer did not get
away quite fast enough, but did not get
the full swing. Palmer jabbed a left-hander
on George's face, but did not phaze the
feath -weigh t any. Several hot exchanges
took place, and Dixon uppercut Palmer
with the left. Dixon landed the right on
the jaw with telling effect, and, though
Palmer tried his best, the round was
Dixon's.
Dixon opened the last with a left swing
on the ear, followed up with a right and
left on the face. Palmer clinched repeat-
edly and appeared tired. Once the Eng
lishman showed some of his form when
he sent his left into Dixon's face and got
away from the return. For the remainder
of the time Palmer was on the defensive.
Dixon crossed his right on the jaw, and
just before the bell rang the colored cham
pion swung a right-hander on Palmer's
jaw.
Referee Moore declared the bout a draw.
SULLIVAN'S CONDITION SERIOUS.
// Inflammation or Erysipelas Sets In the
Chances Are Against the Ex-
Champion.
SPRINGFIELD, 111., Jan. 30.— John L.
Sullivan, who was badly injured by falling
from a train yesterday at Galva, 111., is
■till here. His company left here this
morning for St. Louis, but Sullivan was
not able to go.
L»r. Dixon. who is attending Sullivan,
said from a doctor's standpoint that it is a
very serious case, though not a dangerous
one. Tne wounds and bruises are in such
a locality that unless a great deal of care
is taken inflammation or erysipelas may
Bet in at any time in the next few days,
and his condition ia such that if this hap
pens the result maybe fatal; but at the
present time there is not much danger as
he is receiving the best of care.
Manager Gleckauf thinks Sullivan will
be able to appear with his company at El
Paso, Tex., where the fistic carnival takes
place February 14.
DAN STUART CONFIDENT.
Sayt All the Fights Hilled Will Certainly
Come Off.
EL PASO, Tex., Jan. 30.— Dan A. Stuart
to-night gave out the following to the
press.
"I am in receipt of a telegram from the
City of Mexico denying the report from
that point sent out last night about the
ordering out of the Rurales troops.
"Even wen: this report true there is
nothing in it to discomfort me in the least.
His Excellency President Diaz in his re
port is made to appear unduly exercised.
He will have no occasion to worry any
over the matter.
"I am over $25,000 out of pocket by
reason of the Hot Springs affair, and pride
myself on the possession of a sufficient
amount of ordinary intelligence to have
profited by that experience. Every dollar
of tbe purses offered for the rive lights
schcauletl is up.
"This money goes to the fighters whether
they get in(o the ring or not. Think, do 1
look like a fool? Would I tie up all this
money on a gamble or a chance? Wew
I to divulge the place of meeting I,
of course, could easily assuage the
fears of President Diaz %nd the other
dignitaries who fear an invasion of carni
val viifcors. I do not care to be serving
notices on the public every few minutes,
and now give it out as an absolute cer
tainty that all of the fights will take place.
This is final and irrevocable."
In //'«« Chicago Wheat Pit.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30.— There was an
exciting session in the wheat pit to-day.
May wheat, after selling at 6i]4 cents
early, was bid ud to &i% cents, but fell off
to 65>i cents just before the close of trad
ing. The advance from the low point
yesterday was 3} 4 ', and is the highest
point yet reached during the present bull
campaign. The trade is still of the belief
that Armour is under the market, and
there has been extensive covering by
shorts and baying for investment. The
day's news also favored the bull side of
the market.
Murder of a Millionaire.
BRENHAM, Tex., Jan. 30.— Thomas
Dwyer, a millionaire, was murdered last
night by unknown persons in his office in
the center of the business portion of the
city, robbery being the purpose. The bo<iy
was then taken to a cistern and thrown in.
He was 76 years old and leaves a widow
and one unmarried child.
SHOT DOWN A MARSHAL
Moonshiners Give Battle to
Revenue Officers in North
Carolina.
"9
A Deputy Who Went After Assistance
for His Wounded Chief Fatally
Beaten.
WINSTON, N. C, Jan. 30.— Particulars
were received here to-night of a sensa
', tionai fitjht between revenue officers and
' moonshiners oh Monday in Carroll
j County, Ya., near the North Carolina line.
Deputy United States Marshal VVorrel and
Deputy Collector William Thornton were
enticed by moonshiners to go near the
Fancy Gap to cut up an illicit distillery.
When the officers arrived within about
100 yards of the still house they saw a num
ber of men leaving there. -The officers
called upon the supposed bloclraders to
halt, whereupon the latter began firinc
upon the officers, who returned the tire,
and a fierce battle followed.
Marshal Worrell was shot down. His
deputy, Thornton, pleaded for some time
with the moonshiners before they would
allow him to care for Worrell.
One of the biockaders later assisted
Thornton in removing Worrell to an old
bouse. The deputy went after a physi
cian for his friend, but on his return the
moonshiners set upon him and beat him
unmercifully, if not fatally. Great indig
nation exists over the affair. -,
GOOD FAITH OF PERU.
American Missionaries Expelled From
\\ •';': Cuzto I* /we a Statement.
' LIMA, Peru, Jan. 30.— The leaders of
the American missionaries who were re
cently expelled from Cuzco have issued a
circular letter, in which they declare that
they recognize the good faith of the Gov
ernment of Peru and are anxious to ex
press their gratitude to the people of Cuzco |
for the generosity which was shown them
In their distress.
The missionaries say that they will with
draw their claims for damages as originally
filed and only demand payment for the
actual losses which they sustained in the
late outbreak against them. They ask,
however, that the actual perpetrator of the
wrongs be punished.
ACCUSED OF PERJURY.
Serious Charge Against a Wealthy Trunk
Manufacturer*
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 30.— Judge Ball
this morning sent to the Grand Jury a
complaint against Joshua W. Bell, a
•Healthy trunic manufacturer of this city,
charging him with committing perjury in
his court during the trial of Henry Ross
on a charge of stealing a aiauiond pin
from Bell. Ross entered a pie* of guilt}',
but when Bell was asked to identify him
as the thief the witness swore he was not
the man. Two police officers then swore
that Bell had testified positively to the
Grand Jury and in the Police Court that
Ross was the thief. Ross was then dis
charged.
One Million Dollars Less.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., Jan. 30.— An order
was received here to-day by Federal Com
missioner Pollock from Judge Sanborn
of the Eighth Federal District to the effect
tnat the order of foreclosure sale of the
St. Joseph and Grand Island Railway was
amended so that the price of the road
may be $3,000,000 instedd of $4,000,000 as
was at first decreed. The date for the sale
of the road has not yet been fixed. The
bidder must deposit $100,000 cash as a
guarantee.
Injured in a Blast Furnace.
LEADVILLE, Colo., Jan. 30.— Three
men were injured and one probably fatally
at the Arkansas Valley smelter this morn
ing by the blowing out of the pap jacket
of a blast furnace. James Powers was ter
ribly burned and cut about the head and
has a concussion of the brain. R. Miln,
who had charge of the furnace, was se
verely burned and has a broken arm. It
is believed tbat Miln allowed the jacket to
get hot and then turned in water.
Stolen by the Curator's Son.
NEW HAVEN. Cox>\, Jan. 30.— A sen
sation was created in New Haven yester
day by the announcement that thefts
amounting to $10,000, and probably much
more, had been made in the Peaoody
Museum of Yale University and that the
thief is the son of Addison E. Verrill, pro
fessor of zoology and curator of the
zoological collecuon of the university.
Chinese Jtigami»t.
DALLAS, Tex., Jan. 30.— Willie Foo, a
converted and Christianized Chinaman, is
in trouble and in jail. He was arrested
yesterday on a charge of bigamy. Five
years ago he married a negress. He de
serted her two years later and yesterday
he married Miss Mamie Gray, a white
woman who teaches a Sunday-school. His
attorney will try to clear him on the ground
that the first marriage was a violation of a
State law.
The St. Paul I'rt Fait.
LONG BRANCH, N. J., Jan. 30.— The
position of the steamer St. Paul remains
unchanged to-night. The attempt made
to float the vessel will continue at every
flood tide. To-night there is every indica
tion that a storm is brewing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
SUPPORT FOR
THE SUBSTITUTE
Senator Mitchell's Ringing
Words in Behalf of
Silver.
INDEPENDENCE URGED.
This Country Should Not Be
Ruled by the Single Gold
Standard.
PERKINS MAKES EXPLANATION
Favors Free Coinage Because So In
structed by the Legislature of
California.
WASHINGTON. D. G\, Jan. 30.-In
contrast with the excitement with the
speech of Tillman created in the Senate
yesterday the proceedings to-day were
dull and commonplace. Most of the
morning hour was consumed in a discus
sion about the joint resolution ordering
the purchase and distribution of seeds by
the Secretary of Agriculture 'on which no
action was taken) and during the re
mainder of the day, after 2 o'clock,
speeches were made on the House bond
bill, with the Finance Committee's
substitute. Call (D.) of Florida and
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon argued in support
of the substitute, Mitchell declaring him
self "in favor of a vigorous, aggressive
policy of independent bimetalism, coupled
with a protective tariff."
Then Perkins (R.) of California took the
floor to reply to a newspaper criticism on
himself and his colleague, as misrepresent
ing their State on the silver question. He
read the latest official action of the Cali
fornia Legislature in favor of* the free and
unlimited coinage of silver in disproof of
the charge and then he spoke at length on
the general subject.
An attempt was made at the close of the
day's session to have an agreement fora
final vote on the bill next Saturday. In a
discussion on that point some amusing
badinage took place between Senators
Chandler (R.) of ;vew Hampshire and
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada, in which the
latter 6poke of the dispute over the fiee
coinage substitute as a mere "dress
parade," and intimated that a similar
amendment would be offered to the tariff
bill.
The urgency deficiency appropriation
bill was referred back from the Committee
on Appropriations and notice was given
by Hale (R.) cf Maine that he would prob
ably ask tha Senate to-morrow to con
sider it.
The House bill for the appointment of a
chaplain at West Point Military Academy
for four years was reported with amend
ments makine the President the appoint
ing power and regulating; the salary. It
was passed, and a conference asked..
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska iutrqiuced a
bill to prohibit the purchase or use by the
Government of any wares or manufactures
made in any penitentiary, workhouse or
other prison, or by convict labor, Referred
to the Committee on Education and
Labor.
The Senate bill to pay $7419 to the
widow of the late Justice MUler of the Su
preme Court of the United States, being a
sum equal to the balance of his salary for
the year in which he died, was taken from
the calendar and passed.
The joint resolution directing the
Secretary of Agriculture to carry into effect
the provisions of the act making appro
priations for the purchase and distribution
of valuable seeds and for the priuting and
distribution of farmers' bulletins was taken
up and George (D.) of Mississippi con
tinued the argument which he began a few
days ago against it.
The discussion of the resolution went on
till 2 p. X., when it was laid aside without
action, and the House bond bill with the
Finance Committee's free coinage substi
tute was taken up and Call (D.) of Florida
went on with the argument which was in
terrupted by adjournment yesterday. It
was generally in favor of the substitute.
Mitchell (R.) of Oregon was th»next
spsaker. He denied the necessity for fur
ther bond issues— for a further increase of
interest-bearing indebtedness. He denied
that the interest or welfare of the Govern
ment or of the people required the per
petuation of the single gold standard.
And he protested that the continued and
persistent effort to destroy bimetallism in
this country was a fatal stab at the best
material interests of the people and a dan
gerous and oppressive encroachment upon
their constitutional liberties. He would,
therefore, without any hesitation, but with
great pleasure, vote in favor of the com
mittee substitute, and against the bill as it
came from the House. In conclusion
Mitchell said :
"Is it not about time this great Nation,
these United States of America, should as
sert its monetary as well as its commercial
independence? Are we, with our vast ter
ritory, our immeasurable resources, our
model Government, our 70,000,000 of brave
intelligent, aggressive, independent people,
to forever acknowledge our dependence on
Great Britain or any other power on earth,
in either a monetary or any other sense?
Must we, while denying the right of any
Government on the globe, republican or
monarchial, liberal or despotic, to dictate
to us as to the character of our legislation
upon any or all of the great questions
touching our industrial and commercial
interests, questions involving the right of
expatiation, the character of people we
shall admit to our shores, the encroach
ment of alien systems, even to limits far
beyond our National borders, but upon the
hemisphere upon which we live, questions
involving our National honor and every
conceivable subiect pertaining to our
present and future welfare and the promo
tion and progress of our civilization, save
and except one, that relating to our mone
tary system, and as to that one, must we
be forever subservient to the will and
wish and tue dictation of Great Britain?
"Has the more than century of our na
tional life, with all the prestige and in
fluence and power and glory that have
come to us in our unparalleled progress as
a nation, and in the development of a
civilization than which none so grand has
ever existed since the creation of man,
still left us a poor, weak dependent on the
British crown? Because England, since
1810, has adhered to the single gold stand
ard in the interest of the gold-brokers of
Lombard street, are we to forever bend
the supple krfee, acknowledge our impo
tency as a nation, and surrender the pre
rogatives that ought rightfully to attach to
a free and independent people? In my
judgment, the United States as a nation,
in whatever aspect considered — whether
nationally, intellectually, scientifically,
commercially or financially — stands, or
at least should stand In the very
vanguard of nations, pre-eminent in
every element of greatness, in every aspect
of grandeur, in every attribute of glory
and in every essential or sovereign power.
Resourceful in physical elements of every
conceivable character in a measure, and to
an extent unparalleled by any country on
the globe, if she will but assert herself as
becomes her as the proud, aggressive, in
dependent leader of nations, New York,
and not London, will become the clearing
house of the world, and our country, pre
eminent over all, will no longer be slave
either in commercial or monetary sense,
but the distinctive and primal sovereign,
vthe imperial master and dictator, financi
ally as well as commercially, among all the
nations of the world."
Perkins (R.) of California replied to the
criticisms of one of the metropolitan jour
nals on himself and his colleagues, who
were charged with misrepresenting their
State on the -silver question. He denied
the charge and read resolutions adopted
bp the California Legislature instructing
Senators and requiring the representatives
from that State to advocate the immediate
enactment of such laws as may be neces
sary to provide for the immediate resump
tion of iree and unlimited coinage of
silver at the ratio of 16 to 1. That, he
said, was the latest expression of opinion
on the part of the Legislature, and he had
not received a single official communica
tion indicating that there had been a
change of sentiment in California on that
question. His own personal views on it
were rather conservative. He suggested
that there should be some compromise be
tween the silver men and gold men. He
noticed that the Senator from Nevada
(Stewart) shook bis head in objection to
that suggestion, but there were two sides
to every question. "Let us come to
gether," he said, "and crystallize some
thing that will benefit our people."
"Are you in favor," Stewart asked, "of
the free and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 10 to 1 by the United States
alone?"
"I shall vote for that measure," Perkins
said, "because the people whom I in part
represent have instructed me to do so, but
I very much question whether it is the
wisest policy for us to practice."
In the course of this colloquy between
the two Senators, in which the California
Senator was advocating compromise, the
Nevada Senator asked, by way of an un
answerable argument, wnether a Christian
had ever been known to compromise with
the deviJ. In the further course of tiis re
marks Perkins declared himself in favor of
the House tariff bill, as presenting the
most expedient plan of raising revenue.
At the close of Perkinh' remarks the floor
was taken by Vilas (D.) of Wisconsin, who
suggested, however, that, at so lute an
hour of the day, he did not desire to in
flict a long speech on the Senate, and,
therefore, an executive session was sug
gested by Jones (D.) of Arkansas.
That proposition Jed Chandler (R.) of
New Hampshire to ask whether Jones was
abandoning his plan of getting a vote on
the bill. Jones explained his object to be
to have the Senate take a recess till 11 or
12 o'clock to-morrow, so as to dispense
with the reading of the journal and with
the routine morning business.
"Does the Senator," Chandler asked,
"exj • . to finish the bill to-morrow?"
"I hope so,' 1 Jones replied. "If not
tifw'n, on Saturday." ;«,, •
"Will that be agreeable to the Senator
from New York?" Chandler asked de
risively.
"I am not making any objection," Hill
coolly remarked, "and I prefer not to be
polled." [Laughter.]
Morrill (R.) of Vermont suggested that
he would desire to submit some remarks
(occupying from forty to sixty minutes) on
Saturday.
Stewart (Pop.) of Nevada said it was
perfectly apparent that the vote could not
be reached this week, and he proposed that
the vote be fixed for early next week.
Jones expressed his assurance that the
final vote could be taken later than Sat
urday.
Harris (fl.) of Tennessee stated, as a rea
son why a Senator should hasten the time
of taking the vote, that the Senator from
Arkansas innhargeof the bill had of ne
cessity to leave the city next Saturday.
Chandler expressed his desire to con
venience the Senator from Arkansas, but
he did not want to be put in the attitude
of hastening the passage of such a perni
cious measure as the substitute reported
by that Senator. He suggested that the
debate should proceed under the five-min
ute rule, making an exception, of course,
in favor of MorrilL
Stewart said that he did not regard the
bill or the substitute as of any importance,
as there was no possibility of its becoming
a law. He regarded the whole thing as a
"dress parade." The real bill, on which
free coinage was to be engrafted, was the
tariff bill.
Chandler suggested to Stewart to draw
off the troops from "dress parade" and go
on with the business. After some amusing
bantering between the two Senators Chan
dler asked Stewart whether, if the free
coinage measure was to be put on the
tariff bill he would not vote against the
substitute bond bill?
"Doeß the Senator," Stewart asked,
"want me to step out of the ranks of the
dress parade?"
The question was answered by another
address by Chandler to Stewart, whether
ho was in favor of putting a free coinage
amendment on every bill.
"Certainly," Stewart exclaimed, "on
every buncombe bill."
Finally the colloquy closed, and the Sen
ate at 6 p. m. took a recess until to-morrow
at noon.
DEMOCRATS DEFENED BAYARD.
They Clog Action by the IToute foreign
Affairs Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— N0
conclusive action was taken by the House
Foreign Affairs Committee to-day with
reference to Embassador 3ayard's recent
speeches at Edinburgh and Boston. Four
resolutions had been prepared by different
gentlemen, ranging from mild to severe in
their terms of censure ; but McCraary of
Kentucky moved that the pending resolu
tion be referred back to the sub-committee,
which should be increased by the addition
of two other members, as it was evident
that the committee had reached no under
standing, and that a matter of this im
portance should be carefully investigated.
This led to a general discussion, in which
McCreary, Money and Dinsmore spoke
principally for the Democrats and Quigg
of New York, Hitt of Illinois and Pearson
of South Carolina made the principal argu
ments for the Republicans. The debate
took a wide range.
The manifest purpose of the Democrats
was not only to defend Bayard, but to
gain time, and in this effort they were
successful, inasmuch as pending the dis
cussion the hour of 12 arrived and the
committee, under the rules of the House,
was required to adjourn. The committee
will meet again Saturday.
BRIEF SESSION
OF THE HOUSE.
"Strictly Business" Was the
Order for Only Two
Hours.
ONE CONTEST SETTLED.
Information Desired in Reference
to the Nicaragua Canal
Investigation.
NEW COMMITTEE ASSIGNMENTS.
Among the Bills Passed Is One Relat
ing to the Claims of Widows
for Pensions.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.—
"Strictly business" seemed to be the motto
of the House in its two hours' session to
day.
Wadsworth (R.) of New York, chairman
of the Committee on Agriculture, reported
the agricultural bill, and Grout (R.) of
Vermont the District of Columbia ap
propriation bill for the year ending June
30, 1897.
McCall (R.) of Massachusetts, from the
Elections Committee No. 2, reported its
unanimous finding that David B. Culber
son (D.) was entitled to his seat as a Rep
resentative in the Fifty-fourth Congress
from the Fourth Texas District, J. H.
Davis having abandoned the contest, of
which he gave notice to tha clerk; and a
resolution to that effect was agreed to.
Jenkins (R.) of Wisconsin reported from
the same committee its unanimous report
in favor of the sitting member in the con
test between Rosenthal and Crowley in
the Tenth Texas District, stating that he
would call it up for discussion for to-mor
row. At that time Rosenthal will be
cranted the privilege of the floor for an
hour to present his side of the case.
A resolution reported from the Commit
tee on Interstate and Foreign Commerce
by Doolittle (R.) of Washington was
agreed to, asking the President to trans
mit to Congress the report of the board of
engineers appointed by him to investigate
the Nicaragua canal.
The Speaker announced the assignment
of Wellington (R.) of Maryland to the
Committee on Labor and of Belknap (R.)
of Illinois to the Committee" on Railways
and Canals.
The following bills were passed: Direct
ing the Pension Bureau in claims by
widows for pensions to accept as evidence
of the soldier's death proof of his unex
plained absence for seven years; transfer
ring to the State of Nebraska the military
reservation of Fort Omaha for a school of
instruction of the National Guard of that
State; to reorganize the customs collection
district of Alaska; to open the forest
reservations of Pikes Peak, Plum Creek
and the South Platte, Colorado, in the
Cripple Creek district, to the location of
mining claims; confirming certain cash
entries of "offered lands" in the States of
Alabama, Mississippi and Arkansas.
The House at 2 o'clock, on motion of
Dingley (R.) of Maine, adjourned until to
morrow.
COMMERCE AND RELIGION
Peace Messages Prepared by the
National Board of
Trade.
An Earnest Hope That a Collision
Between English-Speaking Nations
May Be Averted.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 30.— The
National Board of Trade at its closing ses
sion to-day by a unanimous vote directed
the president of the board to send a peace
message to the Associated Chamber of
Commerce at London, England. The mes
sage reciprocates the iriendly sentiments
of English commercial bodies and ex
presses'the wish that commerce and re
ligion may unite to honorably avert
collision between the English - speaking
natious.
A report from the committee on trans
portation was adopted, directing Govern
ment ownership of railways, but advocat
ing a strict supervision over their oper
ation of management. The report also
recommends the passage of the bill now
pending in'the House for funding the in
debtedness of the Pacific railroads. It was
also recommended that Congress should
pass a law making any employe ineligible
as receiver or assignee of any corporation.
The board, then, with President Fraley
at its head, made a formal call upon Presi
dent Cleveland, by appointment.
Mr. Stannard of St. Louis made an ad
dress to the President, explanatory of the
history and objects of the board.
In response, the President expressed his
gratification in meeting the members of
the board, and was glad to acknowledge
the great usefulness of those voluntary or
ganizations whose purpose was to stimu
late trade, and to say that the day would
come when the people would appreciate
their efforts.
William E. Tucker of Philadelphia was
elected secretary and treasurer to succeed
the late Hamilton Andrew Hill, and the
board adjourned to meet here again next
year.
DINED WITH THIS PRESIDENT.
Distinguished Persona Entertained by
Mr. and Mrs. Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.— The
President and Mrs. Cleveland to-night en
tertained at a dinner the members of the
Supreme Court The following i 9 a list of
the guests who were present: The Presi
dent and Mrs. Cleveland, the Chief Justice
and Mrs. Fuller, Mr. Justice Field and
Mrs. Field, Mr. Justice Harlan and Mrs.
Harlan, Mr. Justice Gray and Mrs. Gray,
Mr. Justice Brewer, Mr. Justice Brown
and Mrs. Brown, Mr. Justice Shiras and
Mra. Shiras, Mr. Justice White and Mrs.
White, Mr. Justice Peckham and Mrs.
Peckham, the Attorney-General and Mrs.
Harmon, Senator and Mrs. Hoar, Senator
and Mrs. Pugb, Senator and Mrs. Martin,
Representative and Mrs. Henderson, Rep
resentative and Mrs. Washington, Mr.
Justice Morris and Miss Morris, Mr. Jus
tice Shepard and Mrs. Shepard, Solicitor-
General and Mrs, Conrad and Mrs. John
G. Mil burn of Buffalo, N. V. ; Mr. and
Mrs. James Lowc'es, Mr. E. Randolph
Robinson and Miss Robinson and Mrs.
Stanley Matthews.
AS TO RIGHTS OF WAY.
May Be Given Railroad* Without Con
sent of Indiana.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.-The
House Committee on Indian Affairs to
day reported favorably on several bills
giving railroads the riuht of way through
the Indian Territory, with amendments de
creasing the amount of land allowed for
terminal purposes. It was also decided
hereaiter to require railroad companies to
file with the Secretary of the Interior a
plat of their road so that companies can be
required to keep to their line. It was
further agreed by the committee that here
after roads should not be required to ob
tain the consent of the Indians before
being granted a right of way.
President Cleveland has vetoed several
bills because the Indians did not fully con
sent to the right of way. The committee
differed from him on this point and de
cided to establish a new rule, as far as they
could do so.
OPPOSED BY FURUSETH.
Objections to the Bill Allowing Advance
Wages to Seamen.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 30.-A.
Furuseth of San Francisco, representing:
the interests of sailors, to-day addressed
the House Committee on Merchant Ma
rine and Fisheries in opposition to the bill
allowing advance of wages to seamen and
in favor of the Maguiro bill, which abso
lutely prohibits allotments or advances
except to wife, mother, child or other de
pendent relatives. Seamen, he said, op
posed to allotments because they were
thereby permitted to sign away naif of
their wages before they had earned them,
and -because the "crimping" system and
many other methods injurious to Ameri
can seamen were thereby sustained,
Eugene T. Chamberlain,. United States
Commissioner of Navigation, favored the
allowance of a limited allotment. '
SUBMIT A COMPROMISE
Grand Army Men Ask the Ex
tension of Time on Tickets
Fifteen Days.
Railroads Show Little Signs of Making
Concessions for the Coming
Encampment.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 3O.~The Grand
Army encampment committee of St. Paul
citizens has submitted to the Western
Passenger Association a compromise
proposition as a way out of the present
trouble regarding time allowance for en
campment tickets to St. Paul. It is that
the railroads make the limit for 1-cent-a
mile tickets fifteen days and give the
holders of such tickets the option of having
an extension to thirty days on payment
of the difference between the 1-cent rate
and a one-fare rate, which is 114 cents a
mile.
Chairmain Caldwell, to whom the propo
sition was presented, promulgated it
among the interested roads, but up to a
late hour had received no replies or a call
for a special meeting. Under the circum
stances it is not likely any further action
will be taken on Grand Army matters by
the roads as a body. There was no hint
to-day in railroad circles that any other
line than the Great Western intended to
weaken in lavor of the thirty day's exten
sion, but the encampment is still six
months off.
INDIA JsAPOLIS.IyD., Jan. 30.— Com-
mander-in-Chief Walker of the Grand
Army of the Republic received a telegram
from the Commercial Club, one of tbe
prominent clubs of St. Paul, this morning,
asking that he allow them more time, if
possible, as they feel sure that they can
secure the rates and time extension de
manded from the Western Passenger As
sociation for the next encampment.
Commander Walker said this morning:
l: The meeting of the council of adminis
tration was deferred as long as possible.
It will probably be held the latter part of
February and not February 7, as has 'be.en
stated."
SOPHOMORES WERE EXPELLED.
Would Not Confess That They Regretted
Giving a Dinner to Female Mem
bers of the Class.
OTTAWA, Kaxs., Jan. 30.— Twenty-one
members of the sophomore class of the
Ottawa University were expelled this morn
ing by the authorities for defying the fac
ulty by giving a. dinner to the female
members of the class at a city restaurant
after 10:30 o'clock last night. The author
ities only insisted that the feast should
be given at an earlier hour. The class was
brought before the president to-day and all
the students were asked to sign a state
ment regretting their disobedience of the
order. All the young women, who were
in tears, and two of the youths promptly
complied, but the twenty-one remained
obdurate.
FOUND A SAMITE BOMB.
Startling r Discovery , Made by a Man
IVhile Shoveling Scrap Iron.
LANCASTER, Pa., Jan. John Mc-
Cattey was engaged yesterday in charging
a furnace of the Perm Iron Works with
scrap iron, and was about to throw a shov
elful into the bed of flame when his eye
fell upon a curious-looking piece of iron of
oblong form and from which a string de
pended. McCattey held his shovel in the
air for an instant and then put it carefully
on the ground. jHe picked out the oblong
object and discovered that it was a bomb
loaded with dynamite. Nobody knows
where the bomb came from. Scrap iron
used in the works is obtained from a great
many places and dumped into a heap.
Men at the works say that the infernal
machine must have been lying in the pile
for months. It is eight inches long and
made of wrought iron. Several hundred
men were at work in the place.
Shot Through the Head.
FORT STOCKTON, Tex., Jan. 30.- Joe
Brutinet of Colorado City became involved
in a shooting scrape here yesterday with
A. Livingston shortly after noon, in which
tne former was instantly killed by a bullet
through the body and one through the
head.. From all information obtainable
Brutinet fired the first shot.
Don't
Allow your blood to get impure and your
system all run down, becauso in such a
condition you will be in danger of pneu-
monia, fevers and grip. Build up with
Sarsaparilla
The One True Blood Purifier. All druggists, $1.
H nn /)> c Dillc cure Liv er Ills; easy to
11UUU » rl"» take, easy to operate. 25c
TO BE DECIDED
BY A B IG FIGHT
Italian and Abyssinian
Forces Lining Up
for Battle.
ANNEXATION OF TIGRE.
This Will Be Determined by the
Engagement That Is Soon
Expected.
THE ESCAPE FROM MAKALLE.
Prompt Obedience Was Made to the
Demand for the Release of
Galliano's Column.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 30.— The Government
has received advices from General Bara
teiri, commander-in-clr.ef of the Italian
forces in Abyssinia, showing that General
Barateiri recently bent an Italian trader
named Feiter 10 the cump of Ras Makon
non, the chief commanding the native
army which invested the town of Makalle,
demanding the release of the Italian col
umn under Colonel Galliano, which was
besieged in Makalle.
Felter was the messenger who arrived in
Barateiri's camp a few days ago bringing
letters from Menelik, King of the Abys
siiiians, for King Humbert and General
Barateiri. He appears to have been suc
cessful in his mission, for the troops at
Makalle were permitted to withdraw from
the town without being attacked.
Colonel Galliano and his column have
arrived safely at General Barateiri's camp
and they will re-enforce the main body of
Italians. They brought with them their
cannon, munitions and baggaga.
At the time General F-arateiri sent his
dispatches to the Government the Abyssi
nian army was advancing and was then
within thirty kilometers of the outposts
of General Barnteiri's forces. A conflict
between the opposing forces was immi
nent.
The Italian forces now number 28,000
men, with sixty cannon. The Abyssinian
army is estimated to number 40,000 to
60,000, some thousands of whom are armed
with sabers.
Tne others have weapons of precision,
including Remington and Winchester
rifles, and in addition have a number of
pieces of artillery which were used in the
attacks on Makalle.
It is the opinion in Rome that an en
gagement that will decide whether or not
the province of Tigre will be annexed to
the Italian colony of Erythrea will shortly
be fought.
WILL COME A ROUND THE HORN.
Departure of the Steamer City of fhila
delphia Jt'rom Jiew Xork.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. SO.-Nearly
1000 persona gathered a., pier 13, Eas:
Kiver, at 2:30 p. m. yesterday to witness
the sailing of the ship City of Phila
delphia, which, with 1800 tons of mixed
cargo in her hold, left for her semi-annual
trip around the Horn.
Steam shipping ba3 so narrowed down
the number of sailing vessels leaving this
port on long voyages that th c departure of
a craft the size of the City of Philadelphia
has Deconie an event of considerable in
terest along the wharves. The vessel,
which was cleared by Dearbon & Co., car
ried, besides Captain Johnson's family,
several passengers and a large crew. The
crowd on the slip gave the ship a cheer aa
she left the wharf.
The Philadelphia will make no inter
mediate ports between Here and San Fran
cisco and expects to make tiie trip in
about four months. The next ship of the
line to leave here for San FPancisco is the
Willie Rosenfeld, which measures 2400
tons and which, next to the great four
master Roanoke, is the largest ship-ringed
vessel sailing from this port.
ENGINEER CATLIN MISSING.
Uncertainty Regarding Hl* Fate in the
■ Transvaal. '■
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.— H. G.
Catlin, a mine-owner now in the city, is
somewhat ' concerned about ' his brother,
Robert Catlin, one of the American min
ing engineers now in the Transvaal. He
has heard nothing from him since the
Jameson episode. He is a friend of Curtis
and Hammond and went out to the South
African gold fields at the request of Mr.
Hammond, to take charge as manager of
the East and West Simmer and Jackal
mines and the Dunlaps Deeps, and as con
trolling engineer of 'others. He arrived
there December 1. . With him was J. C.
Clements, who3e arrest has been recently
cabled.
Mr. Catlin is 43 years of ape and was at
different times connected with the Tus
carora Company's Navajo, Belle Isle and
North Belle Isje and other mines. Last
summer he accepted terms made by Brit
ish owners of the mines and started for the
Cape, taking his family with him.
LEFT MANY DESCEND ANTS.
Death of a Caughnawaga Indian at tin
Age of 103.
RUTLAND, Vt., Jan. 30.— News has
been received here of the death of Macorn
ber, a leading Indian of the Caughnawaga
reservation, near Saranac Lake. He was
103 years old and left considerable
wealth. The old man had been murried
three times, the first two wives being
dead. His first wife bore him six children ;
by the second he had fifteen, and by the
third the sarue number. In reckoning up
how many grandchildren and great-grand
children and great-nreat-grandchildren
this old Indian had the total made over
1000. Of his thirty-six children twenty
eight are still living, as are most of his
other descendants.
Judge Rellatn Jirsigns
PIERRE, S. Dak., Jan. 30.— Judge Rel
iant of the Supreme Court tendered his
resignation to-day, which was accepted
by the Governor. It will be several days
before the name of his successor will bo
announced.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Dr.J.f.btßEQjf, Box l»57f&Sy^SS:
BRUSHES^S3
brewtrm. bookbinders, (Mdj-makfrs c»nn,2
dye«, , floormllH tonu(lri e J Uu Qd ri4* ~w
■Angers, primers, painters, shoe factories, •££?£
men. ur-rooten, tanners, tailors, etc. «•«••
_ . M BOCHASAN BBOS.,
Brash ac turer* » 6o9 Sacramento SkiINSURRECTION
IN FORMOSA
Undue Leniency Followed
by an Uprising of the
Natives.'
PLANNED FOR PLUNDER.
Crafty Chinese Took Advantage
of the Scarcity of Troops
on the Island.
ADVANCED ON SEVERAL POINTS.
Japanese Teachers Sent to Educate the
Heathen Were Brutally
Slain.
TOKIO, Japan, Jan. 15.— insurrec
tion of considerable scale has broken out in
the north of Formosa, to the great disap
pointment of the Japanese, who imagined
(that order had been restored in the island,
s'u doubt exists any longer that the Jap
anese have treated the Formosans with
indue leniency.
| There is in the island a large population
jf folks without any fixed property or em
iloynient. These people are ready at any
loment to encage in enterprises giving
Promise of plunder. They are supplied
with funds from Foocbow and Amoy,
where the Chinese officials, at the instiga
tion of the Viceroy of Nanking, have ap
plied themselves, more sinico, to foment
trouble for the new rulers of Formosa,
and they posaess a certain quantity of
weapons, left with them in consideration
of their craity representations that with
out arms they would be unable to oppose
the frequent raid of the aborigines, and
must, therefore, require the protection of i
a larce force of Japanese police or soldiers.
" It seems certain that for several weeks \
they had been planning an emeute, their j
idea being to make a sudden dash at Tai- ;
pell, Tamsui and the other principal towns j
in the northern districts. Thinking that
the withdrawal of the Imperial Guards
left the field comparatively free for their
essay, they planned a simultaneous attack
upon Taipeh and the neighboring posts,
the time originally chosen being the early
morning of New Year's day, when it was
supposed that the Japanese would be en
tirely engrossed in. the festivities of the
season.
In some respects the insurgents could
not have selected their opportunity better.
The Japanese troops occupying Taipeh
and the surrounding districts consisted of
one regiment only, and that, too, a regi
ment of the Territorial army, or Second
Reserves, as they are sometimes called.
Required to defend a district of large ex
it nt and to garrison many military posts ;
the reiriment could not spare more than
one battalion for the defense of Taipeh,
'ivbere, consequently, not more than 500
men weie available for righting purposes.
The exact number of the insurgents is
not known, but it seems to have aggre
gated fuily 10.000. Either their arrange
ments were not perfect or they found it
impossible to synchronize the assaults
delivered by their various sections. At
any rate, instead of a simultaneons attack
upon several places at dawn of New Year's
day they commenced by launching their
fortes, on the 27th and 28th of December,
at Gilan^, Zuiho and other places near
Killing with the object, evidently, of sev
ering communications between the last
named town and the capital Taipeh. On
the whole, success rested with the insur
gents in these early encounters.
The little parties of Japanese stationed
at the assaulted outposts were not only
greatly outnumbered but also taken by
surprise. They nevertheless fought stoutly,
either retreating in good order or making
a determined stand. By niiJnight on the
last day of the old year the tide of insur
rection had swept to the neighborhood of
Taipeh. Foui outposts were attacked, the
first a police station, where nine of the con
stables were killed, the rest escaping; the
i a telegraph post, where ten ope
rators weie butchered ; the third a military
station, the garrison of which retired in
safety upon Taipeh, and the fourth, also a
■ry station (Hobe), where the assail
rc driven back.
An hour and a half earlier (10:30 p. m.,
December 31) a desultory demonstration
was made against Taipeh from a point out
tide the northeast gate, but the garrison
being on the alert the rebels were held in
check for a time. By and by, however, be
ing joined by the successful assailants of
the outposts mentioned, the Chinese made
a fresh advance. But they never fought
with anything like gallantry or nerve.
Resolute and ready enough when there is
question of butchering half a dozen Jap
anese soldiers or land-transport coolies,
they show interminable hesitation and dis
cretion in the presence of any reai resist
ance on however small a scale.
Throughout the Ist, 2d and 3d of Janu
ary they continued volley or independent
firing against Taipeh, without attempting
any real assault- By that time their op
portunity was lost. A transport carrying
400 men. sent from Japan to re-enforoe the
second division, which is stationed in the
south of the island, reached Keiung on
the Ist of January. This force was im
mediately diverted to Taipeh, and on its
arrival there the Japanese at once assumed
the offensive, quickly clearing the vicinity
of its cowardly occupants. During the
night of January 3 another force of a
thousand Japanese, the transports carry
ing which had similarly touched at Keiung
en route from the south, marched into
Taipeh, the safety of whicn wa6 thus as
fcured.
Meanwhile Tamaui also had been as
ed, Dut had beaten off the rebels, and
communication between Kelung ana Tai
>ad been restored. All danger of the
insurrection assuming serious dimensions
now at an end for the moment, but
tlie Japanese were not yet spfficiently
strong to undertake an offensive campaign
on a large scafe. A hundred and fifty
Japanese Jives were sacrificed uj> to Janu
ary 3, including eighteen constables and
cix schoolteachers.
The Chinese practiced their wonted bar
barities. Near the village of Sikkow were"
found the headless bodies of thirteen ' Jap
anese, all brutally mutilated. The fate of
the mx schoolteachers was particularly
cad. They were all comparatively young
men, in the prime of life. Natur
ally, it had been from - the first a
paramount object with the Japa
nese to start educational work in
Formosa. They found, however, that
nearly all the better classes of Chinese had
left Taipeh, and that no young people
qualified to receive instruction remained
in the city. The case was different in a
small town (Pachelin) a few miles distant.
There some respectable families remained,
and there accordingly the six education
ists that had come with the Japanese army
opened a school. Their efforts were
crowned with considerable success, and
Pacnelin acquired the reputation of being
the center of Japanese moral influence in
the island. Prohably for that reason it
attracted the special ferocity of the rebels.
They raided the town, committed horrible
excesses there and murdered the six school
teachers in cold blood. Already thirty
Japanese in Tokio have volunteered to take
their place.
In Japan the news of these doings pio
duced much surprise. Orders were imme
diately issued for the dispatch of a mixed
brigade of the Fourth Division from
Osaka. The force consisted of 2000 infan
try, a battery of mountain artillery and a
proportion of cavalry and eneineers. It
received its orders on January 4, and by
the afternoon of the sth the troops were
ready to proceed by rail to Ujina. Almost
universal dissatisfaction was expressed
against the administration of Formosa for
being caught so completely unprepared,
and the Cabinet was blamed for not send
ing to the island police and gendarmes
competent to forewarn the authorities of
such uprisings.
An anti-foreign riot that njight have
assumed very serious dimensions was
barely averted on the 18th of December at
Ichang, by the prompt landing of a party
from H. B. M. S. Esk, and by the British
Consul's earnest appeals to the Chinese
local officials. The affair illustrates how
curiously inflammable is the normal con
dition of the Chinese mind where foreign
ers are in question. There was apparently
no spirit of disturbance abroad, nor had
any attempt been made to incite the people
to violence. Accidentally, however, a bul
let from an airgun, fired by a Chinese em
ployed on the Esk, the men of which ship
were having sports on some ground be-
Jonsing to the American mission, struck a
high official in the customs service,
and penetrating his eye killed him on
the spot. Almost immediately the crowds
of hitherto peaceful Chinamen had
united into a yelling mob, which surged
along to the British consulate, threw
stones, smashed doors and windows and
seemed to be ripening into the worst pos
sible mood, when a party of British
marines and sailors appeared on the
scene. Meanwhile, the foreign ladies and
childnn had all been hurried off to a
steamer in the river, where they passed
the night. The local officials showed
commendable promptitude in calling out
troops and posting wholesome proclama
tions.
The promptness of Chinese justice was
recently illustrated at Wukiang, a town
twelve miles south of Soochow. Salt
smuggling is there a capital offense.
Seven men were arrested on that charge
about a month ago and their heads
quickly struck off. It subsequently trans
pired that the whole offense of two out of
the seven bad consisted in Happening to
drinK tea at the same table with some of
the real smugglers.
LECTURES IN STANFORD.
A Course of Fourteen to Be
Given on Popular Science
Once a Week.
The List of Eminent Teachers and the
Topics They Will Speak
Upon.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan. ;
30. — This evening will see the inauguration i
of a new lecture course at Stanford. The
lectures, fourteen in number, compose
what is known as the popular science i
course, and will be given weekly. The I
topics for these discourses are on scientific |
subjects, which are treated, however, in as
lucid and practical style as possible, so as |
to be of interest to the general class stu- !
dents who are almost entirely unacquaint
ed with the subjects treated.
Professor J. P. Smith began these lec
tures with, "The development of the !
physical geography of California." The |
following is the schedule of the course and .
the names of the lecturers:
"The relation of geology to the develop
ment of mineral resources," J. C.Brannen.
"The value of formal studies," David j
Starr Jordan.
The animal motor," O. P. Jenkins.
"Contagious diseases of insects," V. L. j
Kellogg.
'•Experimental psychology," F. Angell. :
"The zoological station at Naples, W. j
R. Dudley.
"Matter and force," S. W. Young.
"The history of sugar and sugar-refin
ing," J. M. Stillman. »
"Spectrum analysis," F. Sanford.
"Alchemy," G. M. Richardson.
"Geological distribution of the fresh
water fishes of the Pacific Coast," C. H.
Gilbert.
"Steel,"' L. R. Lenox.
"Mosses and ferns," D. H. Campbell.
The course ends on May 7. i
H. D. Sheldon '96 met the committee on !
the Car not debate this afternoon, and j
after talking over the matter Mr. Sheldon
decided to continue in the contest, so
Stanford will nave three representatives |
after all, much to everybody's gratifica
tion. It was generally admitted yesterday
that Sheldon's withdrawal would seri
ously cripple Stanford's chances of win
ning. The three debaters therefore are
H. D. Sheldon, who is ; also one of Stan
ford's representatives for the regular inter
collegiate debate, E. I. Miller '96 and F. S.
Howard '98. All the gentlemen are mak
ing history thpir major study.
Professor "W. H. Hudson lectures on
next Saturday evening in San Francisco
on "Alfred Tennyson."
■ «► —
SUIT OF A CORDELIA JUAN.
He Wants $25,000 from, the Southern
Pacific for Killing His Hon.
SUISUN, Cal.. Jan. 30.— Christopher S.
Studer of Cordelia will commence a suit in
the Superior Court of Solano County to re
cover the sum of $25,000 from the Southern i
Pacific Company. Last July the plaintiff's
son, while crossing the track, on the main i
street of Cordelia, was injured by a freight
train which was backing to unload freight.
His leg was badly crushed and' blood
poisoning set in, resulting in the boy's
death. The father alleges lie is entitled to
the above sum from the company, which
he accuses of negligence in not giving a
warning to the boy.
Held for Murder Without Bail.
SANTA ANA, Cal., Jan. 30.— Garrett G.
Southern, under arrest for the murder of
Mariano Cuero, October 12, 1894, was held
on the charge of murder at his preliminary
examination before Justice Freeman to
day without bail. Sheriff Nichols took
him to Los Angeles to-night for safe keep
ing until his trial by the Superior Court.
Southern California-Salt Lake Jtond.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. Jan. 30.— A meet
ing of the directors of the Southern Cali
fornia and Salt Lake Railway has been j
called for February 7. Colonel W. H.
Holabird has .been appointed right-of-way
agent. The work of securing right of way
is being vigorously pushed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
GOLDEN FRUITS
IN GREAT ARRAY
Spectators Charmed by the
Displays at Clover
dale's Fair.
VERY BIG ATTENDANCE.
Special Features That Draw Vis
itors From All Sections of
the Country.
SCHOOL CHILDREN HAVE A DAT
Exhibitors Who Have Gained Praise for
the Arrangement of Their
Productions.
CLOVERDALE, Cal., Jan. 30.— 1t is the
second day of the fair, and a balmy spring
day has been succeeded by a beautiful
moonlight night. The silvery rays of a
full moon and the golden displays of
citrus fruits prove a sort of attraction
which not one of the many visitors or
townspeople can resist, hence the streets
and pavilion are thronged to-night with
pleasure-seekers. The band concert is
going on and the large pavilion is crowded
almost to a crush, and the managers are
happy because the greater the crush the
more are the proceeds. . Large proceeds
mean a greater and more magnificent new
pavilion, to be built in readiness for next
year's fair.
From Santa Rosa, Healdsburg, Petaluma
and other Sonoma County cities came
hundreds to-day to see the fair. A great
many more are arriving on every train.
Visitors who saw the bountiful array of
golden fruits, enthusiastically praised the
magnificent display. Indeed, even Sonoma
County is just awakening to the fact that
besides her other countless resources the
orange and lemon can also be grown here
to perfection.
This was school-children's day and the
400 happy-bearted and rosy-cheeked tots
held full sway at the pavilion this after
noon. To-morrow is Mendocino County's
day. The pride of the town, the Ukiah
cornet band of eighteen pieces, is coming
and will play both afternoon and evening.,
The Cloverdale band gives a grand ball to
morrow night with the assistance of
Professor D. C. Smith and Miss Mabel
Smith of Healdsburg, Professor Charles
Westenhaver and Charles Hall of San
Francisco. Nearly 200 couples are expected
to be present.
The exhibits are as follows:
F. Aibertz of Moulton Hill Vineyard has
an excellent display of wines and grape
syrup. It is arranged in the form of a
grotto, and is truly a work of art. His
wines received the highest award at the
World's Fair in 1893; also a bronze medal
at the exposition in Bordeaux, France, in
1895.
The display of the Cloverdale Wine Com
pany is truly an inspiration. Bottle upon
bottle is arranged in fantastic designs as
pleasing to the eye as the wines are to the
taste.
The Italian-Swiss colony did not display
i their wines for lack of time, but they have
i an elaborate exhibit of Washington navels
j and Mediterranean sweet oranges; also
lemons and dried fruits.
John Field has arranged his display in
! the form of a spire constructed of navels,
i Mediterranean sweets and ifiedlings; also
! some very tine almonds. His is the largest
j display in the pavilion. Mr. Field has a
i three-acre tract near town planted in
! oranges and lemons.
G. Hagmayer's exhibit is in the form of
a Japanese pagoda, built of assorted
i varieties of oranges, large in size.
Mrs. J. I. Eastlick's display of navel and
seedling oranges is very tasty.
J. D. Dunham has some well-preserved
I winter apples, large in size and handsome
j in appearance.
Mrs. A. Bentley has on exhibition a pretty
bed of violets and lilies, surrounded by
some fine seedling oranees.
Mrs. M. J. Stockwell has a plate of seed
lings. Mrs. L. A. Domine has a plate of
large smooth and thin-skinned navels and
Mediterranean sweets. Mrs. I. E. Shaw
has a dozen varieties of jellies on exhibi
tion, handsomely put up and most tempt
ing to the palate. Mrs. Anna Keller has
one dozen navels of large size.
J. T. Dixou has a novel exhibit of ripe
blackberries, green leaves and all, just
picked from the bush.
The Cloverdale Orange Company has
constructed a bridee of lemons and
oranges, which displays much ingenuity.
It has fifteen acres in oranges two miles
from town.
Fred Whitaker has a display of some
fine seedlings. A. C. Ledger has a tall
lighthouse made of oranges which is a
work of art; also a miniature train, the
cars loaded witii oranges and bearing the
sign, "1900, Cloverdale to New York."
Senator J. C. Halloway, whose two-acre
orange grove near the center of town is a
great attraction, has a large pyramid of
oranges — navels, Mediterranean sweets
and Japanese.
A miniature representation of the
Tiburon ferry-boat, the work of A. E.
Richards, a resident of Cloverdale, attracts
much attention.
H. J. Crocker's exhibit is artistic and
shows some fine specimens of navels,
Malta bloods, late Valencias and Medi
terranean sweets. A dozen prize lemons
of Mr. Crocker's are also on exhibition.
M. Menihan, the proprietor of the United
j States Hotel, has a display which is really
j wonderful. It consists of a mammoth
pyramid built entirely of oranges, not a
single specimen measuring less than
twelve inches in circumference.
E. G. Furber has a revolving globe four
feet in diameter, made entirely of Med
iterranean sweets and also a pyramid of
large Washington navels.
C. A. Yordi's display is the best work of
art in the pavilion. It is a fancy piece
built entirely of sugar and orange manna
! lade held in baskets carved out of large
Cloverdale oranges. Fred Yordi, who is
the proud possessor of a three-acre orange
orchard, transported a large orange tree
to the pavilion laden with fine Washing
ton navels. A bed of large navels at the
foot of the tree makes his display one of
tne most prominent at the fair.
Henry Hubbard's exhibit consists of a
magnificent spread of Lisbon lemons,
navel and Japanese oranges.
George B. Baer has a magnificent dis
play of olives pickled and green; also
oranges.
Mrs. C. Worth has some citrons on ex
hibit which are truly wonderful; also
apples and pears.
A. Caughey has an orange tre« loaded
with Washington navels.
Mrs. D. M. Wambold has a display of
navels, dried and canned fruits.
Captain H. M. Haney— Pyramid of
Washington navels.
F. Aibertz, Moulton Hill Vineyard
handsome display of native wine product.
Cloverdale Wine Company— Another
handsome display of wines in a distinct
design.
J. H. Kleiser— Display of dried fruits in
the form of an active windmill.
Miss Millie Hagmeyer — Washington
navels and Japanese Satsuma, built in the
form of a bower.
Captain John Fields, president of the
association— A .ower surmounted with a
cross, built of Washington navels, seed
lings and Sicily lemons.
Cloverdale Orange Association — Repro
duction of the Cloverdale bridge in navels.
This association set out ten acres last year,
and the bridge is built out of the product
of this year. Ten acres more will be set
out this year..
Mrs. E. B. Eastlick — Washington navels,
Mediterranean sweets and Japanese man
darins.
Mrs. Annie Keller— Washington navels.
Mrs. J. H. Gallagher— Washington na
vels.
Fred Whittaker— Cloverdale seedlings.
Mrs. M. J. Stockwell— Seedlings.
A. C. -Ledger— Depot and train of cars,
built of Washington navels and Sicily
lemons.
Senator J. C. Halloway— Navels, Medi
terranean sweets, Japanese mandarins,
Italian mandarins, Sicily lemons, Clover
dale seedlings.
M. Minehan— Pyramid of Washington
navels.
J.H. Mehring, for Henry Crocker's ranch
(Los Aguajos lUncho) — Mediterranean
sweets, Washington navels, Malta
bloods, Sicily lemons. The exhibit is
neatly fenced about with manzanita wood.
Henry Hubbard — Washington navels,
Mediterranean sweets, Sicily lemons.
T. J. Cottle — Washington navels.
F. Yordi — A tree of Washington navels.
C. A. i'ordi has an attractive pyramid of
marmalades done up in orange skins.
Mrs. J. E. Shaw and Mrs. G. B. Baer are
in charge of an attractive booth for the
sale of oranges.
UKIAH STAGE HOLD-UP.
ijohn Schneider, Supposed to Be
the Robber, Has a Prelim
inary Hearing.
He Conducts His Own Defense and Is
Held for Trial in $8000
Bail.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 30.— The preliminary
! examination of John Schneider, the Cal-
I pella bandit, was to-(iay taken up, it hav
ing been continued to this time to secure
; the attendance of material witnesses on
j the part of the prosec ution.
The first witness sworn was C. T. James,
! who testified that on examination last
I Tuesday he had been mistaken as to whom
I he had handed the express- box. It was
j his first impressiou that he handed it to
' Driver Howard, but it had since occurred
'• to him that a man named Hart had
done so.
Several other witnesses were called.
Among them was Deputy Sheriff A. A.
Burke, who testified as to finding tracks
near the scene of the robbery. He testi
fied that the tracks were the same size as
the defendant's shoes would make, and
also described a peculiarity in the track?
leading from the scene of the robbery.
The principal witness of the day was
James Muir, who was held up the ?ame
time as the stage was stopped and while
the stage was still standing at the scene of
the robbery. Muir positively identified
Schneider as the man who stood him up
and during his cross-examination consid
erably annoyed the defendant by referring
to the man who held him up as "You."
The defendant objected to this and
quoted to the court that every man is in
nocent until proven guilty. When Schnei
der requested that Muir place him in the
same position as when he stood him up,
Muir answered by saying, "You stand in
the same way you were that day."
This also aroused strenuous objections
on the part of the defendant.
When the testimony was all in District
Attorney Sturtevant asked that defendant
be held to answer to the Superior Court iv
$7500 bail.
Defendant made a rambling statement
to the effect that it would be possible to
arrest a dozen men against whom as much
evidence couid be adduced as against him.
He pleaded with the court to take into
consideration his surroundings, etc.. but
at the conclusion of his remarks Justice
Sullivan held that tliere was sufficient evi
dence to warrant holding him tor trial to
the Superior Court, and ordered so, fixing
his bail at $8000.
During the examination the defendant
showed himself to be of very irascible
temperament by getting angered at state
ments made by various witnesses. At one
time he became very tragic, and sought to
impress upon the mina of witness Muir
that on his testimony might rest the life of
the defendant.
The trial will probably take in the April
session of the court.
TYNDALL AT FRESNO.
Hie JUind-Jteader and Bypnotiat Strikes
a Snag.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 30.— Mclvor Tyn
dall, styling himself "Mystic Tyndall,"
mind-reader and hypnotist, known in
many towns on the Pacific Slope, met with
a new experience here to-day. Tyndall
received a great deal of free advertising in
Los Angeles recently by publishing to the
world that he intended placing himself in
a state of suspended animation and then
be buried deep in mother earth for the
space of forty days. The local authorities
stepped in just in the nick of time and
"prevented the marvelous feat." TyndaJl
is well known in Fresno, where on several
occasions he has performed before large
audiences. Monday and Tuesday evenings
were his latest.
His hypnotic "subjects" did all manner
of ludicrous things.. He went to Madera
yesterday and soon afterward received the
following dispatch :
Fresno, Jan. 2!)
Professor Tyndall, Madera, Cal.: Send us $10
apiece immediately, or we will expose you all
over the State; if not will be down on 2:30
train with citizens. Wade Limbaugh.
The sender of this dispatch with two
otheryoung men here say that the "'pro
fessor" hired and drilled them for their
parts, but failed to pay them for the
second evening's performance, hence the
message to pay up.
Tyndall returned here this afternoon.
He denies the story and intimates he will
make it very warm for Lim'oaugh and
others, wbo reiterate their allegations and
Beem to defy him.
Jack Mulckey Captured at Spokane.
SPOKANE, Wash., Jan. 30.— Jack Mule
key, the notorious ex-convict, who, with
his partner, James Tate, held up the stage
running from Mapa to Silver City, Idaho,
last Octobar and rifled the mailpouch of
$3000, was captured in this city by United
States Marshal Drake to-day as he came
from British Columbia. A reward of $1000
was offered for his capture.
w __: j . a .; j^^ j^ -^^-^ . . NEW TO-DAT CLOTHING
W?Bte^^^^P 'Tis new seven days since our desire to serve the public's
interest and show to them who are the true bargain-givers in
■^^^^^"^^P^^ijf^W^ San Francisco, that we challenged any and all concerns in
Bb San Francisco, both wholesale and retail, even the Chinese
jjfl^^glfly tailors on Market street who use a few girls in the front portion
* ~'X . ar j^^w^^^s of their store to throw you off the scent and make you think
j^^^^f^!t^ ai^^^^^^W their goods are made by white people.
■ |^H?^^^?u^^S^^S^^ We challenged 'em all to show up as handsome a line of
' goods, as perfectly tailored Suits, Overcoats and Ulsters as
iv v Not one of 'em had the nerve, not one of em dared to re-
€fc €% €% ply. We placed the goods in our great big window; they are
X X /C there under the light of day ; they won't be there long.
V D V This challenge was only given for two days, but we will con-
-v- *C^ %>P tinue it until Saturday night to show the people in San Fran-
s% &£ { 1 Cisco that not only are we bargain-givers of the first order, not
A X A only does the big store carry the largest assortment of high-
JC 11 A class goods, but we are liberal in our methods. We first stated
w €> -9 two days for this challenge sale; we shall continue It until
&L J\ i*. Saturday night.
Don't you know it requires nerve to take » —^ __^ «*^ j I K\ Some remarkably clever Ulsters,^ those
such tine SUITS and OVERCOATS— the // 1 (I 7 \ 1 W'- long Irish Frieze Ulsters, very cleverly
very cream of our stock— and say JL/ M I YAk tailored garments.- with worsted lining, in
X- JS*"* 1 VJL J blue, black and Oxford mixtures. Chal-
Ct*O r\f\ FOR *" 4^^ "^ Price—
cpy.UU pick. t d>o r\r\
. . Some awfully swell Overcoats — the crea- MM iDi7 I II Jmm
• V. , ..m .. ,c, . t vions of Swell Tailors— in Fine English , -_ LJ _- L - L _ **\ n *. T_ .■;
The very cleverest of Tailor-made Suits T - ■■•.; ; ■, , ,  .  «^^^-~~^-~^-~-«^^>^rf^^srfs^s<^-^N^«>rf»^srf%»
-!*/,_,, . _, T -v ,• : /L - - ■;«,-■•■• Kerseys, witn deep velvet collars, in blues _.. ~- aa n__
inline Black Clay Worsteds, Gray Clay . vnd blackg
Worsteds, fine Blue and Black Twill Chev- '  ',  '", . _ » • jd&'f^jMß&Fr&ftb'K
,»uiai,v ? ' . _.  - -. 2,-1' Some awfully clever Kersey Overcoats, >^SV / k '^!El3^^ SI SaL.
iots. in Cutaways, in Single-breasted backs, . , -, , ", '..■•«,  . jJmSP/&**^3>-5Z- ■C^yAt^jaak.
• ■ h I h , d Snk — 1 • , in tans and drabs. Challenge price— .^JW^^^-^IS^ 1^
lin Double-breasted fcacks— clever gar- /^-^if"* s *^"^ v^'^^^^^? ; 3^^
ments, all of Challenge Price— AA AA JKar.^T-^^-^
: : ; : o>q qq ' — JpyiUU-r fßfm^ l^Ri
• ~~~- — Just a day or two more of the Challenge, l '^^^?V ■ "" J&pi^'^^s"*i
Sales of the magnitude of this one are not and then bid farewell to the shortest and most R-i^^'i^^^W^^W
every-day occurrences, and the people know it, remarkable sale in the commercial history of TOR O^^^M^^^W^ij^,
and they're guiding themselves accordingly. Frisco. . -&. r --'^ ; >y^'^?s^i''*^''^
' (INCORPORATED). Js^ W^^sZ*^^ 3k
(INCORPORATED). . ' _ /- ir , .r-rr r, V Sllt^'^^^ir
FRISCO'S BIGGEST AND 9, H. 13, 15 KEARNY STREET
MOST POPULAR STORE. TWO ENTIRE BUILDINGS. ■^tS^^S^Sff^y
34
MONTGOMERY'S
LAST NIGHT
Visited by His Little Sister
and Younger Brother
Yesterday.
HAS A RELIGIOUS TURN.
Says No One Shall Call Him a
Coward and That He Will
Die Game.
STILL PLAYS OH HIS FIDDLE.
His Indifference Thought to Be a
Species of Hysteria Which
Will Collapse.
ALBANY, Or.. Jan. 30.— The prepar
ations for tne execution of Lloyd Mont
gomery are completed. The scaffold was
erected to-day and an inclosure sixteen
feet high nas been built around it. The
execution will take place to-morrow fore
noon, exact hour of which will not be
known until midnight. The murderer's
little sis-ter, Eva, and younger brother,
Orville, visited him in his cell to-day. Hii
sister joined the church last Sunday, and
the condemned man exacted a promise
from his brother that he would also join
the church. He admonished him to profit
by his example and be a good man. He
wept bitterly at parting v.ith them.
Tiie prisoner has become much inter
ested in the Salvation Army. Members of
the army have visited him several times,
and Montgomery cays he likes their re
ligion. When seen in his cell last night
he said he had made up his mind that he
must die, and he is ready for it. He
added :
"No man can say that I am a coward.
I will go to the gallows and die like a man.
I would as soon be hanged to-night as on
Friday."
He still adheres to the impossible story
that he killed McKercher after the latter
had killed his father and mother, and said
he would tell the people on the gallows
that he is innocent.
While the noise of the workmen build
ing the scaffold could be plainly heard in
the jail Montgomery sat complacently
playing his fiddle. He remarked, " 'The
Devil Among the Tailors' is a good tune to
keep a man's courage up in an emergency
like this. Those wno think I will break
down at the last wiii get fooled."
When talking to a reporter he smoked a
cigar that had been handed to him with
evident relish. It is believed, though, that
on his short march to the gallows to-mor
row he will break down. His indifference
at present is termed a species of hysteria,
very uncommon.
A SINGULAR COINCIDENCE.
There Were to Have Been Four Oregon
Murderer* Executed To-Day.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 30.— 8y a sin
gular coincidence of courts there were to
have been four executions of Oregon mur
derers to-morrow. One of the number
was caught, tried and convicted by the
Slate of Washington, but nevertheless is a
Southern Oregon criminal. Those who
were to have paid the highest penalty ex
acted by law are L-loyd Montgomery, Sam
uel G. Brown, John Feister and Charles
Asinius.
One of the executions that will take
place, however, is that of Charles Asimus,
who will be hanged at 9:30 o'clock to-mor
row at Kalama, on the Washington side
of the Columbia, near Portland. The
crimf for which Asimus forfeits his life
wa« the killing of Jack Greenwood at Cof
rin Rock. Asimus provoked a quarrel over
a debt of $35 and without provocation shot
and killed Greenwood, who had never
dreamed that the man had murder in his
heart.
An attempt was made to have Asimus
declared insane, but it failed. H« tried to
hang himself, but was prevented in that.
Jo;in Fiester. the Josephine County wife
murderer, escaped Ihe callows by "being
pent to the insane asylum at Salem. Fies
ter held his wifa's head in a pool of water
until she drowned, with their little chil
dren looking on.
If Sam G. Brown, the Douglas County
murderer, who broke jail, were caught he
would be hanged to-morrow, but since his
second escape from jail at Roseburg he
se-tns to have eluded recapture so well
that there is little likelihood he will be
taken ~';>>n.
•yd Montgomery, murderer of his
parent* ;.u;i r>a;,iel McKercher at Browns
ville, competes the quartet.
YOLO'S EX-SHERIFF SUED
Karl S. Whitfield Wants $10,000
Damages for False im
prisonment.
Result of a Confession of His Mother
in-Law to Oakland's Chief of
Police.
WOODLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The papers
in the case of Karl S. Whitfield vs. ex-
Sheriff D. 11. Wyckoff of Yolo County,
transferred from Calaveras County, were
filed in the Superior Court of Yolo County
yesterday. Suit is brought to recover dam
aees for $10,000.
The defendant alleges faJse imprison
ment. He was arrested in Calaveras Coun
ty by ex-Sberiff Wyckoff on suspicion of
being one of the counterfeiters who.mur
dered Louis Todhunter of Washington on
the Sacramento River in April, 1893.
Waketield was in custody but a few days
when he was released upon the arrival of
young Moody of Oakland, who was with
the murderer, and who was afterward cap
tured and turned State's evidence.
Wakefield's arrest was due to a confes
sion by his mother-in-law, made to the
tnief of Police of Oakland, charging him
witn complicity in tbe crime. The arrest
was made in Calaveras County by Sheriff
Ben Thorn, who wired the Yolo County
official to come and get the suspect. At
the time of the arrest X was not the opinion
of Wyckoff that AVakefield was the man
wanted. During his incarceration here
he was treated with due consideration, and
upon his release was furnished with trans
portation to San Andreas.
> t :al years ago the plaintiff was ar
rest'^ on suspicion of being implicated in
the murder of an old man in Alameda
County, but the evidence adduced would
not justify a conviction.
Mr. Wyckoff has no fears as to the out
come of the trial, and believes that he con
formed strictly with his official duties.
Tne attorneys for the plaintiff are E.
Solinsky of San Andreas and Hon. R.
Clark of Woodland. Ed E. Gaddis of this
City will look after Wyckoff's interests.
REDWOOD CITY DRUGGIST DEAD.
He Leaves a Large jfmmitif and an Estate
Valued at $44,000.
REDWOOD CITY, Cat-., Jan. 30.—
Thomas Miller Edwards, the San Fran
cisco druggist, who since quite early times
kept the drugstore at the northeast corner
of Kearny and Jackson streets, and who
afterward became proprietor of the Inter
national Hotel, died in San Mateo on the
15th inst. Deceased left an estate valued
at $44,000. Of that amount $25,000 is repre
sented by real estate in San Francisco, and
about $19,000 by real estate in the town of
San Mateo. There is also some money in
San Francisco banks.
About eight or nine years ago Mr.
Edwards became an investor in real estate
at San Mateo, where his wife and six
children now reside. Mrs. Annie Edwards,
his widow, is named as executrix in the
will, and she is the sole legatee and
devisee.
Thursday, February 20, is the day ap
pointed for proving the will. Fisher Ames
of San Francisco is the attorney for
petitioner.
Eureka Wants an Inter-County Road.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 30. — Marsden
Manson, chairman of the Bureau on High
ways, addressed to-day before the Super
visors an eager audience of business men
on the fundamental principles of road
building. He advocated immediate con
struction of an inter-county road which
would terminate at Red Bluff, from where
access to a large district could be obtained
for produce. He left on this evening's
overland for Del Norte County.
HOODLUMS AT CARSON
Residence of a Witness in the
Mint Case Stoned and the
Windows Smashed.
Shock and Fright Nearly Caused the
Death of Mrs. Langevin, an
Invalid.
CARSON, Net., Jan. 30.— A gang of
hoodlums threw stones last night at
Joseph Langevin's house, two of them
smashing through the window and strik
ing the other side of the room. One of
them barely missed his little daughter, a
TRENMOR COFFIN OF CARSON, NEVADA.
[From a photograph.]
pretty little miss of about 11 years. The
shocJt and fright nearly caused Mrs.
Langevin's death, she being an invalid.
If the culprits can be detected they will be
prosecuted to the full extent of the law.
These persecutions of Langevin have con
tinued ever since he testified regarding the
money paid him in the Heney trial. The
evident purpose is to force him to leave
the city; but he says he knows who threw
the rocks, and will bring the matter before
the Grand Jury.
Nothing has yet been done in the Coffin
contempt case, and it is surmised that the
Government will make no move in the
matter until after the Junes trial, as such
a course would cause the disbarment of
Jones' attorney if he were convicted, and
deprive Jones of his services. It will
therefore come up before the Grand Jury
after the Jones trial.
DEMOCRATS TO MEET.
Chairman fiould Will Call the State Cen
tral Committee Together.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. ?o.— Chairman
Gould of the Democratic State Central
Committee will soon issue a call for a
meeting of that committee. The date,
however, will depend upon the decision ol
the Supreme Court in reference to the
primary election law passed by the last
Legislature, the validity of which is being
inquired into by that tribunal. If the
court should decide in favor of the new
law it will be necessary to call the Demo
cratic State Central Committee together
about February 22, to prepare for the
primaries in March. If this decision is
not reached by the Supreme Court it will
not be necessary to bring the members to
gether so soon.
Governor Budd does not seem to be in
the confidence of Chairman Gould at all
nowadays, and the coolness between the
two is marked. Mr. Gould sa\'s the ru
mors that he was attempting to run things
with a high hand at Agnews were started
by Budd's friends.
AFTER THE SANTA CRUZ BATTLE.
The Smoke Partially Cleared Away, but
Peace Act Fully Jteatored.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 30.— Tho
newspaper war cloud lifted slightly to-day,
y«t the engagements of yesterday furnish
the leading topic of street conversation.
Ed Braun, the Record editor, de
manded a jury trial in Justice Gardner's
court, and the verdict acquitted him of
disturbing the peace. The witnesses tes
tified that the citizens who were in the
vicinity of the battleground appeared
highly amused. Hence the verdict.
Francis will appear to-morrow to answer
to the same charge of disturbing the peace.
The preliminary hearing of Francis on the
charge of assault with a deadly weapon,
HTowine out of the second conflict with
Braun. is also set for to-morrow.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, ISOG.
THE MURDER TRIAL
AT SACRAMENTO.
Pathetic Story Told by the
Accused of His
Woes.
A SENSATION IN COURT.
•
Counsel for Defense Expect to
Secure an Acquittal With
out Effort.
. ■ - i- f ....
SAY THE CASE IS A SIMPLE ONE
Many Witnesses Testify to the Uni
versal Good Character of the
Prisoner.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.— The
Christ trial is finished as far as the intro
duction of testimony is concerned, and all
that remains to be done before the twelve
men chosen to decide what measure shall
be meted out to the man who acted as exe
cutioner on ...- • woman who for eight long
years had beea his loved and honored
wife is to listen to the arguments of coun
sel in the case.
All the old habitaes of the courts unite
in declaring that tnere cannot possibly be
a conviction procured, and they seem
equally divided in declaring that it will be
a verdict of acquittal or the jury will dis
agree.
Christ himself took the stand this after
noon, and his testimony is tersely em
bodied in the opening address of counsel
for the defense, who said the story of the
defense is a very simple one.
It is the history of a husband who loved
his wife devotedly — a man who so loved
the woman he had married that self was
completely lost sight of.
He then reviewed the circumstances of
Mrs. Hart having shown Christ the letter
which hi 3 wife had written to another man
and which proved her infidelity.
He also said that he would prove that
upon that afternoon Mrs. Hart had shown
him other letters in which his wife stated
to her lover (Hart) that since she had met
him her husband had grown repulsive to
her.
Armed with this terrible knowledge he
had gone home that night, and after sup
per he had said to his wife with beads of
agony standing out upon his forehead :
"My God, Emma, you have deceived
me. I have seen those letters which 3 r ou
wrote to Hart, in which you said that you
love him. My God, you say that since
you met Hart I have grown repulsive to
you, Emma."
"This is what we will show," continued
defendant's counsel, "and we will show
that when this man with his whole soul
rent with the agony of the moment said
these things to his wife she laughed
at him.
"We will then show that this man, who
had been so terribly wronged by this
women that he loved, seized his revolver
and thatrall became a blank to him. He
does not know what happened then. His
brain reeled, and he was at once in a
trance.''
Durinp the address the courtroom was
so still that had it not been for the voice
of the speaker the dropping of a pin could
have been heard. The sensation which
had been expected nad been sprung.
in relating bis sad history Christ said:
"When I told Emma of the letters I hnd
read and accused her of not loving me any
more my wife laughed and said, sneor
ingly: 'Well, what if I don't? What are
you going to do about it?'
"When she said this it was just as if
something had struck me on the head and
made me unconscious. I do not remem
ber what happened after that."
A large number of witnesses were put
upon the stand to prove the universal
good character of the accused, many of
whom were among the leading men of this
city.
BRILLIANT SOCIAL EVENT.
Reception Given by the Wife of Governor
liudd.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.— One of
the most brilliant social affairs ever wit
nessed in Sacramento occurred to-day,
when the first lady of tho State of Califor
nia, Mrs. James H. Budd, held v. reception
and, assisted by Mrs. J. L. McCord and
Mrs. Judson C. Brusie, welcomed her
many friends.
In all nearly 1200 invitations were issued
and there were but few who were fortunate
enough to receive a card who failed to
attend. In fact, knowing the impossibility
of receiving all at one time the reception
began m the morning and extended with
out intermission until 9 p.m.
In the evening Governor Budd and his
personal staff were present, and added to
the brilliancy of the scene by appearing in
uniform. The costumes of the ladies were
exceedingly handsome and varied, the
gentlemen wearing dress suits.
The reception took place at the resi
dence of Assemblyman Judson C. Brusic,
whose handsome" parlors were decorated
with a wealth of smilax, potted plants and
violets.
The reception committees consisted of
Mrs. Judge Budd Mrs. Henry Heilbron.
Mrs. C. H. Hubbard, Mrs. Will Cothrin,
Mrs. Charles Dillman, Miss J. M. Todman,
Miss Stevenson, Miss May Budd, Miss
Lulu Neill, Miss Olive Neill, Mrs. C. A.
Neill and Mibs Lipruan.
A CRAZY, LOVESICK YOUTH.
Takes a Shot Mt His Sweetheart, but
Sparrs Himself.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 30.— John
Berry went to the residence of Mrs. Meth
ven in this city this evening and fired a
shot from a revolver at her daughter
Maude. He then placed the revolver to
his own head, but refrained from discharg
ing it.
The young man has been judged to be
partially insane for a long time owing to
excessive use of liquor. His story as re
lated to the officers at the City Prison this
evening is as follows:
"1 have loved JNlaude for five vfiars, and
to-night when I called at the hou3e her
mother told me not to call any more, as
Maude was to be married in two weeks. I
felt as though I would rather see her dead
than the wife of another, so I drew my re
volver and fired."
SHOT HIS WIFE IN THE LEG
How a United States Deputy
Marshal Quelled a Family
Quarrel.
They Are Now Disputing as to Whether
or Not the Shot Was Acci
dental.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 30.— Thomas
F. Botello, Deputy United States Marshal,
shot hia wife this morning about 8:30
o'clocfc. The two were engaged in a fam
ily quarrel. Tne ball passed through the
right limb of Mrs. Botello. It entered the
fleshy portion of the leg, and piercing
the groin it plowed its way into a partition
and there lodged. The bullet came from a
cruel 44-caliber revolver. The injury is
painful, but it will not be fatal.
Mrs. Botello asserted that her husband
had shot her intentionally and that there
was no accident about it. She said that
time and again he had threatened to take
her life and that he had been treating her
cruelly for a long time past. This morn
ing she arose as usual and prepared break
fast. In the meantime the Deputy Marshal
got up and the usual quarrel commenced.
Mrs. Botello says that he deliberately drew
his revolver and shot her.
Botello himself admit! that he and his
wife had been quarreling. He says he
merely drew his revolver to frighten her
and that it was discharged accidentally.
Botello is under arrest.
RAILROAD SUIT.
John Karr Want* $10,000 From the
Southern l'aeijic.
LOS AKOBLES, Cal., Jan. SO.— John
Karr to-day filed an action against the
Southern Pacific Railway Company for
$10,000 damages and the further sum of
$00 30, the value of a ticket wrongfully
taken from him by one James Dowling,
an employejof that company.
The complaint alleges that plaintiff
Karr boarded a Southern Pacific train at
Los Angeles, January 10, 1896, northbound,
and offered his ticket to E. Jenicke, the con
ductor of said train; that the conductor
received the ticket, punched it in the same
manner that he punched like tickets, and
returned to plaintiff a certain punched
slip which entitled him to ride to Bakers
field, and thereafter one James Dowling
took the ticket from him and refused to re
turn it. At the. station of Saugus Karr
was forcibly ejected from the train, not
withstanding that his deportment was gen
tlemanly and his ticket called for trans
portation to San Francisco, Oakland, back
again to Los Angeles, on to Phoanix and
to points as far east as Illinois.
MERCED AND THE VALLEY ROAD.
City Trustees Hold a Special Meeting to
Grant a Franchise.
MERCED, Cal., Jan. 30.— The City
Trustees held a special meeting this even
ing to receive the application for a fran
chise for the Valley Railroad to run its
' line, with the necessary sidings, through
the city. E. F. Preston, counsel for the
railroad, was present and presented the
application of the company. A resolution
was passed to print and the franchise, ac
cording to law, will be offered to the
I highest bidder on the sth of March next.
After the business of the meeting was
concluded the colonel made a few re
marks, reciting the history of the corpora
! tion ana its relations to the farmers of the
San Joaquin Valley. He also spoke of the
progress of the road in one short year and
closed by predicting the entrance of the
iron horse into Merced by May 1.
I. li. Wilbur, the right-of-way man, en
livened the meeting by relating some of
his experiences while performing his
! duties.
With remarks from Judge Law, J. W.
I Knox, President Turner and Professor
j Ringnalda the meeting adjourned, with
I the best of feeling for the new railroad and
i its projectors.
JtrMth Columbia fruit Combine.
VANCOUVER, B. r., Jan. 30.— The fruit
growers of British Columbia have formed
into a co-operative society for the disposal
of ah fruit raised in the province. All the
creameries will also be formed into a co
operative society. The Government will
i be asked to pass an act making a standard
j size box for different fruit. This will not
affect shipments from the States. The
Canadian Pacific Railway will help both
combines on freight rates.
Maynard T'nder Bonds at Petaluma.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 30.— After the
examination of various witnesses in the
case of the People vs. H. H. Maynard,
arrested some urae ago on the charge of
shooting his companion, Wintield Gossaije,
Judge King rendered a decision holding
the defendant to appear before the Superior
Court under $500 bonds.
Had Outlived Her U»efxtlneas.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 30.— Time-worn
and rendered practically worthless by the
blasts of wind and sea, the b^rk Henry
Buck, built at Batii, Me., forty- three years
ago, recently used by the Oregon Improve
ment Company as a collier, was set on fire
and burned this afternoon off Duwaniish
Head.
Santa Maria 'Thug Sentenced.
SANTA BARBARA.CaI., Jan. 30. —Jerry
ru £gy< convicted of a murderous assault
upon old Judge Hanley of Santa, Maria,
was yesterday, in the Superior Court, sen
tenced to a term of twelve years in San
Quentin Penitentiary. Bruggy received
his sentence with the philosophy of an old
jailbird.
THE NEWS FROM
SAN JOSE.
An Attorney Charged by
His Client With Sharp
Practice.
A BANK BOOK ASSIGNED.
After Ten Days in Jail the Ter
rified Complainant Comes to
His Senses.
WANTS TO RECOVER THE BOOK
The Safe Deposit Bank of Savings
Brings Suit to Determine Own
ership.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— The trial of
the suit of the San Jose Safe Deposit Bank
or Savings against D. Bargetto and E. F.
Fitzpatrick, to determine ownership to
$259 90 deposited with the court, was par
tially heard before Judge Lorigan to-day.
Last April Bargetto was arrested at Red
wood City on a criminal charge and em
ployed Attorney Fitzgerald to defend him.
In order to guarantee Fitzgerald his attor
ney fee Bargetto gave him his bank pass
book and an order for the $259 90.
Bargetto was subsequently released and
sued out an injunction against the bank to
restrain the payment of the money to Fitz
patrick. Bargetto says that he believes
his arrest was made without complaint or
warrant and none was ever made against
him thereafter. While imprisoned Bar
getto says the attorney told him his
offense was a serious one and might cause
him to go to prison for fourteen years, but
that he (Fitzpatrick) could secure his re
lease for $300 and upon the further con
dition that Bargetto leave the State in
twenty-four hours.
Believing this and being terrified Bar
getto paid $!V) and assigned the bank ac
count. Some time after, through the in
strumentality of others and not Fitz
patrick, and on account of the refusal of
the District Attorney to prosecute, Bar
getto was released, having been detained
ten days in prison. Bargetto says that the
attorney performed no service except to
terrify him into assigning his bank ac
count to him and is not entitled to the
money.
The case was continued until to-mor
row.
SPRING GRADUATION EXERCISES.
An Interesting Vrogratnme Rendered,
yames of the Graduates.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— The spring
graduation exercises of the training
school department of the State Normal
School was held this afternoon. An inter
esting programme was rendered.
The graduates, eighteen in number, are
as follows: Elsie Flemming, Luther
Hobson, Loy Weber, Florence Whiteside,
Minnie King, Ethel McQuaid, Minnie Mc-
Donald. Mollie Kennedy, Elsie Walker,
Edwin McGrury, Lillie Weilminster, Edith
Piumb, Lizzie Howard, Ida Jackson, Ed
ward Kottinger, Arthur Caldwell, Charles
Murphy.
GRASPED A LIVE WIRE.
Will in tn P. Murphy of San Jo*e In
stantly Killed.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— "W illiam P.
Murphy, a young man 20 years of age, was
instantly killed by an electrical shook this
evening. ,
He was repairing a transom in the base
ment of the Porter blocs, and endeavored
to move nn electric wire, which was not
insulated.
As the current struck his right hand
Murphy grasped a water-paper with his
left hand and 2000 volts of electricity
passed through his body.
Suit for Division of an Estate.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— George M.
Gonsolus and Mary A. Shrader to-day
commenced suit against Mrs. Maria Gon
solus and her minor daughter, Mabel Gon
solus, to have a twenty-seven-acre tract of
land on the Mountain View and Saratoga
road divided. The land was left by Dray
ton Gonsolus, who died in ISSM, and the
plaintiffs, who are children of the de
ceased, claim an inheritance each to the
extent of two-ninths of the estate. They
aver that Mrs. Gonsolus is entitled to
three-ninths and that Mabel Gonsolus is
entitled to a lice share with them.
-« ■• . .. :^|.
for Misdemeanor Embezzlement.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— Sam Brown
was arraigned before Justice Dwyer to
day on a charge of miademeauor embezzle
ment. Brown, in company with Lam
bodo, who was convicted of a similar
charge, was tendered a $5 gold piece in
payment of 25 cents' worth of oranges.
The men left the place under pretense of
getting the coin changed, but failed to re
turn. Brown will be tried to-morrow
morning.
Arraigned on a Charge of Burglary.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— Hy Wilson,
a negro, and Russell Harris were arraigned
before Justice Dwyer to-day on the charge
of burglarizing the residence of H. Korp
at the Five-mile House. The men en
tered a plea of not guilty, and their ex
amination was set for February 5. Bail
was fixed at $1000 each.
San tToae't Milk Above Standard.
BAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 30.— Veterinary
Inspector Spencer last night made tests of
some thirty samples of milk obtained from
milk wagons. All the samples were above
the required standard, ranging from 3 to
5)4 P* r c « nt butter fat.
SANTA BARBARA'S BLOW
The Oldest Inhabitant Has No
Recollection of Anything
Approaching It.
Considerable Destruction of Property
and Several Narrow Escapes
From Death.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 30.— The
storm wound up last night with the big
gest wind that the oldest inhabitant has
ever known in this valley. Numerous
chimneys toppled over, and the frame of
one small building in process of construc
tion collapsed, but the most extraordinary
casualty occurred in Mission Canyon.
A barn on the place of one Kuiz, a stone
cutter, standing near the edge of a bit of
mesa, was lifted up bodily and flung vio
lently against his cottajre, more than a
hundred feet away, crashing in the kitchen
roof, after which the fragments of the
wrecked building went skating down the
hillside. Tbe aftermath of the storm is
found in dangerous quicksands developed
along the ocean beach between the cast
end of the boulevard and Montecito, in
which the Misses Young of the latter place
were very nearly swallowed up this morn
ing, their horse sinking until at one time
only his head and back were visible, while
the sands poured into their bu< gy. The
pluck of their spirited horse and prompt
assistance from spectators avoided what
might have otherwise been a fatal catas
trophe.
SOLANO'S CRIMINAL ROUND-UP.
Two Men for the Pen— <hw on Trial for
Killing His Mistress.
SUISUX, Cal., Jan. 30.— 1n the Superior
Court of Solano County Michael O'Donnell
was to-day sentenced to ten years' impris
onment in Folsom for having shot and
wounded Patsy Connelly in Vallejo last
December. He was found guilty of an as
sault to murder, and Judge Buckles, in
passing; sentence, alluded to the criminal
associations with which the prisoner was
connected, and said some of the prisoner's
partners would doubtlessly follow him be
fore his term of imprisonment expired.
John Carrington, who was charged with
a felonious assault to commit rape on Mrs.
Theresa Riley in Vallejo on December 31
last, was found guilty and will be sentenced
to-day (Friday).
The trial of William J. Stanton, who
shot and killed his mistress, Medora H.
Keach, in Vallejo last December and after
ward tried to commit suicide, was then
proceeded with. The prisoner lias fully
recovered from the effects of his self
inflicted injuries, and preserved a cool
demeanor during the selection of jurors.
He was defended by George A. Lamont,
and it is evident from the nature of the
interrogations put to the jurors that a plea
of insanity will be the main grounds of
the defeuse. A full jury was secured this
afternoon, and the testimony of the wit
nesses will be taken to-day. The case is
absorbing mucn public interest.
CHICO'S ATHLETIC TEACHER.
In Jail, Charged With Throttling and
liobbltig a Sheepherder.
CHICO. Cal., Jan. 30.— Professor Moth,
who has been instructing the Chico Ath
letic Club in the arts, is in jail on a charge
of robbing a sheepberder out of $100. Last
night Moth and the sheepherder were
around drinliing together, and about 2
o'clock this morning, on one of the back
streets of the town, Moth grasped him by
the throat and relieved him of his money.
The sheepherder hunted up the officers
and the professor was arrested and $60 of
the money was found in his pockets. Pro
fessor Moth came here from Oroville and
was highly recommended by Captain Sex
ton of that place.
TREED BY BLOODHOUNDS.
The Thrilling Experience of
Deputy Sheriff Brophy of
Santa Rosa.
He Undertook to Train the Dogs and
Found Them Intelligent
Pupils.
SANTA ROSA, Oal., Jan. 30.— Sheriff
Allen of this county iB the owner of a pair
of bloodhounds which are kept at the
County Jail in thi3 city. They are quite
gentle with the boys about the jail, and
are often taken out for exercise by the
Sheriff or his deputies.
To-day Frank Bropby and Harry Weise,
Deputy Sheriffs, placed the two dogs in a
spring wagon and drove out into the coun
try a few miles. Brophy then alighted
from the wagon and crossed and recrossed
a large open field, waded a stream or two
and in various ways tried to throw the
hounds off tho scent. They wt-re then
placed upon the trail and unleashed.
The heretofore gentle animals at once
became ferocious monsters, and with deep
mouthed bays began to follow the Hying
deputy. With unerring instinct they fol
lowed the winding trail and scon overtook
the pantine Brophy at the edge of a little
wood. Mr. Brophy saw at once that the
dogs no longer recognized the companion
of their puppyhood, and started for a tree.
By tall sprinting he reached a small
scrub oak ahead of the vicious brutes, and
quickly swung himself into the highest
branch.
From this insecure perch the now thor
oughly frightened man watched the en
raged animals make frantic springs into
the lower branches of the tree, and his
loud yells of "Harry" brought Mr. Weise
to his assistance. The latter gentleman
leashed the hounds and placed them in
the wagon, and Mr. Brophy descended
from his perch and attempted to get in
also, but the dogs were still full of light,
and all efforts to pacify them proved
futile, so Brophy was compelled to walk
the muddy county road three miles to his
home, a much wiser man on the subject of
dogs. _______________
GUNBOAT HELENA AFLOAT
Successful Launching of the Ves
sel at the Newport
News Yards.
Christened by Miss Agnes Belle Steele,
the Daughter of Helena's
Mayor.
NEWPORT NEWS, Va., Jan. 30.-The
gunboat Helena, added to the United
States force anoat to-day in tue presence
of Admiral Bunce's mysterious squadron
of evolution, is an exact duplicate of the
Wilmington, launched with the cruiser
Nashville from the adjoining ways of the
Newport News Ship- building and Dry
dock Company October 19 last, that occa
sion being made memorable by the pres
ence of the Secretary of the Navy and a
distinguished official party to witnessthe
first tandem launch in naval records.
She is a 13-knot vessel of about 1400 tonu
displacement, 260 feet long, with the light
draft of 9 feet, adapting her for service in
shallow rivers, and when in commission
she will carry a complement of 170 officers
and men.
A main battery of eight 4-inch quick
firing rifles, eight small rapid fire rifles
and two Gatlings is designed more for at
tacks against unfortified positions than for
combat against other naval vessels,
for it is intended that vessels
of this class shall be kept in
Chinese waters and the harbors of
countries near the tropics, for which pur
pose she has been equipped with refriger
ating apparatus and other appliances for
the health and comfort of the crew.
This vessel, like her sister, is electrically
lighted throughout.
The cost was $280,000. Her godmother,
who christened her to-day, ia Mis» Agnes
Belle Steele, daughter of the Mayor of
Helena, Mont., who was in attendance to
day with an escort of fourteen ladies and
gentlemen, having come East solely for to
day's function.
RUIN WROUGHT
BY EXPLOSION.
Three Men Killed and Many* 4
Injured by the Bursting
of a Boiler.
ROLLING-MILL WRECKED
Great Masses of Iron Hurled
Through the Roof and Sides
of the Building.
THE ESCAPE OF THE ENGINEER.
Workmen Made a Dash for Safety and
Some Succeeded in Saving
Their Lives.
HOLLIDaYSBURG, Pa., Jan. 30.— The
most disastrous accident that has hap
pened in this section for years occurred
here this morning, when a boiler exploded
in the large rolling-mills of the Hollidays
burg Iron and Nail Company. Three per
sons were killed, four may die and twenty
others are more or less injured.
The dead are : George Lane, aged f>s
years, married, bricklayer, found crushed
to death under the debris; Morrill Trecx,
aged 15 years, top of skull torn off ani
died in about half an hour; Cornelius
Evans, aged 16 years, skull crushed an<f -•
ribs broken, died shortly after he wag
found.
The most seriously injured are: Samuel
Kepnart, aeed 36, married, skull fractured
and injured internally, will die; Franl;
Kramer, aged 56, married, superintendent
of mill, skull fractured and four ribs
broken, may not recover; Samuel Mark3^
aged 50, skull fractured, jawbone broken!
and badiy burned, in a critical condition i
Robert Marks, aged 25, puddler, cut aboutt
head and wrists and leg broken; Finiey
Ferguson, aged 38, married, puddler, cut,
burned and scalded, in a dangerous condi
tion; John Woomer, aged 45, married,
puddler, Bkull fractured and internally in
jured, not expected to recover; Robert
Murray, aged 40, unmarried, puddler, skull
fractured and in a critical condition. The
others were not seriously hurt.
When the accident occurred this morn
ins: at 7:15 o'clock about 100 men were at
work at the mills. A 20-feet cylinder
boiler exploded, spreading duath and ruin
in its course. The report of tbe.explosion
was heard all over the town. The men
made a wild dash for safety, and the ma
jority escaped with but slight injuries.
The cause of the explosion is a mystery.
Engineer Kramer was standing by his
engine at the time of the accident. He
says the boiler had 100 pounds of steam
on. He was not hurt. The boiler had
been repaired and tested about sixty day*
ago.
It Is thought there was no water in tb«
boiler. The boiler was placed over pudd
ling furnaces and heated from their fire.
When it exploded it went through the roof,
tearing out the entire end of the miil and
was then hurled about 200 feet.
It crushed through the mill roof, throw
ing the beams and iron in all directions,
completely wrecking that part of the
plant. As the steam escaped from the ex
plosion the furnaces were aemolisned and
stacks were thrown down. A number of
puddlers were buried in the ruins. Tha
end of the boiler was found 500 yards from
the mill.
Just before the explosion a tramp waa
seen cooking a piece of meat in front of
one of the furnaces, and it is supposed he
was killed and buried under the ruins, as
he has not been seen since the accident.
The loss to the company is about $5000,
partly covered by insurance.
' NEW TO-DAY.
HPHE old man who
f f^rtm -*- looks out at the
• jjSPy^fxs world with clear
' *^fs?*£l and healthy eyes
*v2K '™ ( f cannot " help • feeling
ij^Sgl! great gratification at
-^S_^rW« v the thought that his
£^BBJB-A j_\ children and his
f\ waßk ijlL \ children's children
I \ P?^^%^^ X have inherited from
/ 1 jSp ISL'jH • i him no weakness nor
/ TOT*^Hr-g j > tendency to disease.
/'"s— ra&gg flfcV) The healthy old man
I/ wjj B__J* s tne man wh ° ha *
.* "*4sJmBss&Bpi throughout his life
l/y^W^y kept *" 9 digestion
Jrjr I good and his blood
I / pure. Once in
\ / / a while you find such •
V • l'/> a man who has never
I ■ taken any medicine.
1 j That man has lived
v I i a perfectly natural
. . _ F / life. Not one in a
' JR/ 11. thousand does do it.
* / ' / Sometimes very
/ I slight indiscretions
, i \ or carelessness pave
 \' . ,J M I - the way for serious
-IN #1 J£ 1 sickness. The germ
•LL ( I r ' theory of disease is
Ml \\ J» >* well authenticated,
Jn}\ JS(f J/ L and germs are every*
VT«»^Si\ "iL '^fflfrfr where. This need
"• " - r""* make no difference
to the perfectly
healthy man. Germs go through the
healthy body without effect. They are
hurried along rapidly and thrown off before
they have time to develop or increase. ( Let
them once find lodgment or let them find a
weak spot, they will develop by the million
and the blood will be full of them. Instead
of rich, life-giving properties^ the "blood will
be a sluggish, putnd tide of impurity. ? In-
stead of giving strength to the tissues, it
will force upon them unwholesome and
innutritions matter, and the man will
lose flesh. The more flesh he loses and the
weaker he becomes, the more susceptible
he is to disease. His trouble will become
: complicated and serious consequences will
• follow. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery is the only medicine that absolutely
i and infallibly cures all blood diseases, and
almost all diseases are blood diseases. It
isn't a medicine for some one particular
so-called disease. It is a medicine for the
1 whole 'body. It forces out all the germs of
disease, replaces impurities with rich, red
blood, feeds the tissues »nd makes strong,
healthy flesh. •.
Wilt's Indian VeptaWe Pills
Are acknowledged . by thousands of : persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood.
Grossman's SDeciric Mixture
With this remedy persons cun cure themselves
without ths leant exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to buci:ii-8». The medicine
contaias nothing that Is ot the least injury to ths
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price 91 •
bottle.RAN LIKE A GOOD ONE.
Howard S Captured the Two-
Year-Old Event Very Im
pressively.
BACKED DOWN FROM 30 TO 1.
Sam Leake Took Another Purse.
Hidago and All Over Won Their
Races Cleverly.
good two-year-old bobbed up at
the Bay District yesterday in Howard S, a
racy-looking brown youngster by the im
ported English stallion Whistle jacket,
dam Zuieika. He started in a three-furlong
u:ish along with eight other two-year-olds,
and at one s;age of the betting r>o to 1 was
obtainable about him. He went to the
post Bto 1. Taking the lead in the stretch
he won the race in a manner that would
impress one that he is a good 'un. Tor
pedo, a son of Racine, also had his lirst
outing and finished a good second. Mary
L, who with her stable mate the Virginia
Dare gelding ruled first choices in the bet
tine, was third.
None of the fields were overburdened
with class, and in several instances
the talent was wholly at sea as to the proD
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
[Nineteenth Day of the Winter Meeting of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
*^ Heavy. Bay District Track, san Francisco, Thursday, January 30, 1896.
I*l K. FIRbT RACE— About six furlon.s; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; pen-
Oltl. nlties: purse $300.
Ind. Horse, age, wel«ht. St.
V*
%
%
sir. Fin.
Jockeys.
' Betting.
Up. cl.
597 ;B of Stonewall, 4.1001 11 ; 1 1 -. 11% 12
697 i Pecksniff. 5. 110 3 3h 23 22
597 Charir-u.se I. a. .108! 9 4 4 3 2V4 3 4
HO4 Zarai;oza. 6 110 6 fill . > 6 4 2
579 linear. 3 100 7 " 610 6
462 Bordeaux, 5 109 4 21 43 510
419 The King, 6 105 6 63 i 7 | *7
12 T. Sloan
'i I - M. Bergen
3 6 ,J. Chorn
410 L. I^loyd
6Vi Burns
6 Hlnrichs . I
Wlldermuth. ..
o-'J
8-5
4
5
10
20
20
7-2
8-5
7-2
8
12
20
60
Uood start. Won easily. Winner, V. B. Sink's eh. m., by Spendthrift-Miss Nailer. Time, 1:18.
•Rroke down.
i'li' SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three-year-olds; conditions; purse $400.
Index.
flor»e, weight.
St.
Vi
i
"A
(598)iSam Leake 112 3
580 Veracua 107 2 ........
608 (Don Pico 1101 5
698 {Pearson 110! 1
(604) Billy McCloskey..llo| 7 !
(580)iNfw Moon 105 4
607 IViririe A 109 8
( 607) i Pollock 107 6 i
' I?
' lh
i 61
j 8
! 32
: 5h
4 i 2
1 2
2 h
3b
43
8
5 h
72
63
Pi
4
32
6
8
6
1%
26 :
34
■ 4 6
5b
65 !
7 3
< 8
jS. Po?gett 3-6 7-10
jT. Sloan 16 60
.Shields 1 30 150
J. Chorn j 3 9-2
L. Lloyd 15 BO
MeClaHi 6 10
iHinrlchs |30 80
iCochran j 4 4
tiood start. Won driving. Winner, Burns <fc Waterhouse's b. c, by Imp. Darebin-Carrie C. At
post 14 minntes. Time, 1:11.
/'I "7 TUIRI> HACK— die anri an eighth miles: selling: three-year-olds and up; allowances; purse
Bone, ;i_e, weight.
(600) Hl.lugo. 4 11l 8
599 Little cripple, 5.111 5
bO»> Little Bob. 4.... 100 3
606 Ike L. 4 103 1 j
541 lied Koo . a.... 11l 7
605 .Modesto, 5 105 6
578 Dungarven, a.,.114. 4
st. Std.
I
Std. ; 1/4 Vi I =54 Str. Fin. j Jockeys. : {) Be
-'1 -'1 i lh 11 18 -13 J. Chorn.. 6-5
Sh 58 143 I 2h 2 h 2V 2 H. Martin. 3
3 3 4h 54 I 53 4% ! 8h T.Sloan. 4
11 13 2 3 8 2 3 3 ! 410 E. Jones.. 10
! 6^ i »y* 6 2 6 5 6 5 6 is. Doccett 10
I 4h I 3V4 3^ 4 1 5 ttl Cochran... 50
I 7 7 7 7 7 ! 7 |McHugh..;lo
Bettinc
Op. Cl.
Mtlnc.
(1.
4-5
6
16-5
30
20
200
10
IT
/•I s^ tOURTH RACE— Three furlonzs: two-year-olds; conditions; penalties, purse 9400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
St.
! Fin.
Betting.
Op. VL
Howards 110 4
Torpedo 108 5
657 Mary X 105 1 i
569 Cnl. Wheeier 108 2 I
ruaboliia 106 9
Virginia Dare gel. 107 3 ...•.
Lena 105 6
Gorgon 108 8
569 Chesterfield. ll2 7J
Howards 110 4 ! 4 1 C.Sloan 1 10 10
lorpedo 108, 6 ! 3b. 22 IShaw !lO 9-2
fi;>7 Mary X 105 1 11 3h 32 P-5
569 Col. Wheeier 108 2 2h I 42 ! Honnelly 8-5 5-2
Diabolita 106 9 6 j 53 Peoples 20 60
\ircinia Pare gel. 107 3 ft j 6h 'J. Chorn • *
Lena 105 6 7 73 iH. Martin 10 40
cordon 10K H 9 I 82 Pryce 1 10 8
569 i-ora Cheaiertield. 112 7. I j 8 j 9 |S. Doggett ** ♦♦
Perfect atart. NVon easily. Winner, J. H. Shields' br. c. by imp. Whistle Jacket-Zuleika. Time
:39. * Coupled with Mary K. •« Coupled with Colonel Wheeler.
::::::::::-•:::
~ ==
4
3h
1 1
2 h
6
ft
7
9
8
1 54
22
3h
4 2
5 3
6 h
73
8 2
9
j
I i
; . :
ii\(.) FIFTH RAC:
; four-year-olds ana up; penalties; purse $400.
Index, i Horse, age, weight. | St. Vi
582 (All Over. 4 11l | 4 4
600 IH Rhland.a 116 2 2 h
511 Model, 4 1061 1 14
549 [Allahabad, 4 100 3 3 1
V*
2h
■ 4
1 2
3h
4 2
; 2^
1 Vfc
3h
Str.
1%
! 1^ MeHugh '
i 2Va J. Chorn i
j 3 4 'E. Jones |
4 .McClain j
Fin. i
Jockeys.
! Betting.
iOp. 0L
! 6-5
9-10
i 6-7
15
6-5
1
8
40
Good start. Won drivinc. Winner, P. Dunne's b. h., by Hanover-Dec«it. Time, 1 :33i.4.
i*-)M SIXTH RACK— About six furlongs; three-year-olds and upward; conditions: penalties; purse
-Index, i Horse, age, weight, St.
V*
y%
»i Btr. |
32 ha
1 h 8 2 ;
2 1 2 h j
66 43
4 2 5 V, I
5 1/3 64
7 6 7 10
8 8
j Fin. j
1 4
22 i
| I*
! &10
66
7 10
8
Fin. |
JocKers.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
697 |ldaf>»o«r,4. 100' 2 64
597 [Valparaiso. 5 105 4 1 2%
679 landlord. s 105; 3 I 52
602 i Chevalier. 6 105 6 4h
614 ireat Falls. 5 . .108 7 '3 *£
614 [Green River. *.... 103 1| lh
602 | Triumph. s 105! 5 74
i ongmore, 4 ... 109 8j 8
IRHey
iMcCialn
T. Sloan
Weaver
Coborn .
coohran
• People*
! Heinrich»
10
3
1
4
'.0
10
15
4
■ 7
9
3-5
10
100
19
75
9
Good start. Won easil;
Winner, G. I>. Bell's eh. m.,
Joe Hooker- Addle O'Neil.
Time, 1 -.19.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the California Jockey Club, Bay District Track.
In races wbrre the horses bare do record at the distance to be run tbe records at Che next nearest
i areptven.
Abbreviations— F.. fant: Fi, fair: H., heavy: m., mile; f., furlong: •, about.
FiRST RACE— Five furlongs; maidens.
Index.
: Best
! record. '
Dist.
Lbs
Tk.
Name.
Lbsj
608 Plexotto 91
579 led Chief 107 ....: i....
sagamore ' 91
579 jYoElKey 110
f»fll Japan 91
591 Joe Terry 94 ••
Uft7.fl I) 89 ....
612 > rackaiack. 107
574 Fair Idle ] 89; I ...
685 V«?rdette I 99
... R. W. Roberts ilmp. Bnitns-Kelpie
.... T. l.undy Red Iron-Maggie D
Cambridge stable., sensation- Favona
. ...iC. L. Fair Joe Uooker-Marion
|M. T. Donovan Linden- El See Ess
I!tirnsA:\Vaterhouse Flambeau-Imp. Teardrop
— 15. schrelber jGeo. Klnnpy-Flitaway
— F. Fisher \V)nters-Ida O'Nell
... Dr. Rowell Wildidle-Turban
.... Vicl stable .Vici-Lucy Long
BECOND RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling: inside course.
Best j
Index.' ' Name. Lt» record. | Dlst. Lbs Tk.
610 jGnssle 071:13*4 S% f 109!h..
608 ! Comrade 107 1:12% *6 . 106 r...
60S Eckert 96 1:37 7f 87 11..
532 Hy ]>y 9911:41% lm 93 F...
605 Ginger 97 ....
463 TaT and Tartar. 99j1:43V 2 1 m 99 H..
'. 532 Kay Day. 102ll:41Vi 1 m 104 F...
596 Beatrice.. 84 l:10i 4 5' 2 1 94 Fa.
j 690 Alexi*. 10211:44V4 1 m 97 F...
606 KcttWlll... I 99:1:01 f> f ;98 F...
619 Allahabad i 96 1:32y 2 7f ! 98 H..
Name.
Best
1-bs record.
' Dlst. ! Lbs Tk.'
WllllamsiMorehse tlyder All-AttractJon
C. Spooner ; Tyrant-Blithesome
A. I. smith Flambeau-Mezelle
I. H. Shields !Hyder Ali-Addle Warren
G. H. Bynum jKolinn-Respond
N. s. Hall Hindoo- Brambaietta
A. P. Miller SJolin A-Lowena R
C. H. Durkee St. Saviotir-Misa Mitford
Garden City stable. Argylo- Falsa
i). F. Johnson Jim Gore- War Banner
w. I>. liandßll. Hyder Ali-Floride
Pedigree.
' »
THIRD KACE- Afcout six furlongs; handicap.
Index. '
Name.
I , Best
J Lbs record.
Dlst.
Lbs Tk.
(519) Locan i 120|1:37V 4 7% f 118 H-.
600 1 Lucky Dog. 103 1:09% 6% f 120 H..
(651) Kamsin 104 1:1) V* r>i/ 2 f j 101 H..
568 McFarlane iB5 1:18% 6f !87 F..
88« Red Bird i 90 1:07% 5% t . 80 F..
592 Mainstay 103 1:13%|6f 112 F..
(592) George Miller... 109 1:18% (if 116 P..
401 CbarmlOD I 90 1: -7i 4 7f 95 F..
A. Shields ! Voltlguer-l'ert
Burns* Waterhousei Imp. Darebin-Lou Lanler
■'• KwU Blaies-Miss Hall
V s. Hall !Imp. Mariner-Moonlight
E. V. Sachs 'Red Iron-Fannir Johnson
Elkton stable ; imp. Mariner-Queen Emma
U . U stanlicld Loftln-Eoima
I>- Miller ; Tvrunt-Unit
j ■>r in H i' a< K-One mile: selling.
Index. '
I Best I I
Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs j Tic.
Owner.
S6l Bra w Scot 105 1:55% m 7-16 109 H.. B. Hchreiher
ft7B Fortune 108 l:4oft|7Vfc * | 104 H. . iEncino stable
5«2 Garcia '10» I :4lVa Ini 196 F.. . N. 8. Hall
(tsor.i MUlo Bft 1: ll»/i'*6 f ISB F... Burns aWaterbouse
598 roily 97 1:13 *tf t < 108 V... iL. Kzcll j
58S >ra spray 100 1:14V 2 6 f 100 F— X Hlebentba'er. . . .
6<>o Ked Glen |105 1:33^ 7 f 9R H.. Cambridge stable.. l
582 'Adam .. 95 1:10 BJyfe f 91 Fa Westchester stable.
490 Artlcus 10711:58 HV»m 1 99 ! Fa. | P. Archibald \
jJp. Midlothtan-HelnScratoh
Imp. Brutus- \ 7 lola Rea
'Wildldle-Nlghthawk
Ip. Midlothlan-KlecircLlght
;lmp. Rossington-Unite
Imp. Marlner-Maranette
<Glen Elm-Red Girl
Powhattan-Waltindoo
Argyle-Glenloch
FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
I Best I I
Index. Name. Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. |
~MmT" Zoolein 'ViZ 1:19 V 4 6f j 102 H. . B. Schrieber j
(•HO) Levena C. ...... 117 1:163,4 *6f 107 H. . J. Carroll :
507 Tortoul 116 1:15% 6f 129 F... D. Mi11er..... i
fi-'B Meadow Lark.. 101 no rec Klmwood stck farm
615 Pecksniff 112 •••• •••• {■ M - Buckley j
SH6 Fin Slaughter.. 119 ........ i • Mrs. Anderson. ...
6*5 conde ..... 122 1:021/4 5* j 1 10 F... |F. M. Tay10r........ I
'•234 America ■..■.'..:., 114 1:08% 5f ' 96 H.. C. H. Durkee ;
61* I orsev .. j 116 1 :0i ' 6/ i 101 V... \D. A. N'unar j
60S jQuarterstaff.... 122 1:15% fl^e i 101 H.. H. C00mb5..........
690 VI Fl 1)6 1:29% 7f 93 F... K. Tlerney.. ..,..■.. |
Name.
jZorllla-Frauleln
: Ansel-Miss Goodrich
1 Kcquador-Eva s II
Imp. Brutus-Nanette
Ip. Mr. Plckwick-Honlopen
Gano-Mandy Fortune
jDuke Norfolk-May D
JKed Iron-Lou 15
'Cyclone-Kate Carson
<Ip. Friar Tnck-sisßth Ryan
Hidalgo-Veracity
BIXTJI RACE— Five furlongs: maideus.
Index '
Name
Best
Lbs record.
Lb.
«14 little I'ete.. 103
679 M; a Lucy S'J
610 !M«'rry-go-round.i 89
••■:••■• i Sophie I) 105
1147 'Britannia.... 8>
620 l.re« Falls 103'
6:4 I George Bon hen 107 !
506 kapido 103
,'-.-e*uiiumo .J 91
:
!
........
........
|
1........
!
■ -
....
P. E. Smltn j
■H.FJoyd I
J. Robbing
la. ;
N iagara stable I
O. H. Irwln
>latl Bonhert I
E. Kaufmsn I
J. W»l»h |
St. Saviour- i ulu B
I Red lion-Mollie Watktns
Lopanto-Fannie I cc
Tii-ri Iron-by Jim Douglass
jimp. True "Briton-Mercedes
Ailen Kirn-Nordic*
ißevelllP-Sadle
i I
....
able winner. Of the six favorites sent out
three were returned winners.
Foul riding had much to do with the
defeat of Pecttsniff, the 8 to 5 choice for the
openinc short six-furlong run. Tod Sloan,
on Belle of Stonewall, was in from the
jump witli Pecksniff, running second un
der wraps. Bergen, on the latter, made
his ride in the stretch, and while attempt
ing to get to the front was twice fouled by
Sloan's mount. Belle of Stonewall finally
was ridden out by a length. Bergen justly
claimed a foul, but it was not allowed.
Sam Leake was made a 3 to 5 favorite for
the succeeding event at five and a half fur
longs and won by a length from Veragua,
a 60 to 1 chance, with little to spare.
The big colt Don Pio Pico, against which
some of the books laid 200 to 1, finished in
the show.
Barney Schreiber's black horse, Hidago,
was a pronounced favorite for tne mile and
a lurlong selling affair; 4 to 5 being the
general closing price against him. He
took the lead from Ike L after about half
of the distance had been covered, and won
easily, a couple of lengths in front of Little
i Cripple. Little Bob was a close third.
Four started in the seven-furlong run,
with Highland opening a warm 4 10 o
I favorite. "There was Bucfi a strong demand
| for All Over that he was bucked down from
18 to 5, and around post time vied with
1 Highland for favoritism honors. Monitor
! and Allahabad were the other starters.
Jones on Model was first away when the
Hag fell, and showing in front as the
stretch was reached, Jooked a possible
winner. Jones, however, was unable to
keep the mare from swerving, and this
i cost her whatever chance she may have
had of victory. The favorite finished on
the outside and won the race by a length.
Highland toou the place from Model by
half a length driving. •
They were indeed a cheap lot, the eight
that started in the last event, over the
short six-furlong course. Landlord, if for
his breeding and nothing else, reigned a 3
j to 5 favorite, but finished third, behind Ida
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
Saver and Valparaiso. The winner was 10
to 1 in the betting.
Traok and Paddook Items.
Seventeen bookmakers cut-in yesterday.
Three of these are said to be association
books.
It is rumored that Bert Hart, the well
known jockey-trainer, will shortly make
his debut as a steeplechase rider.
The King, who carried the Elkton stable's
colors in the first race, broke down po
badly that he was unable to hobble off the
track, and a bullet ended his misery.
Eolo and Lew Weir, the stallions pur
chased in Kentucky by A. B. Spreckels,
arrived in this City yesterday morning,
and are now quartered in Mr. Spreckels'
private stable on Fell street, near the park.
GONE TO KENTUCKY.
H. X, Huntlngtou Said to Be on His
Way to That State as a
Lobbyist.
H. E. Huntington, vice-president of the
Southern Pacific Company, left hurriedly
for the East a few days ago. It was given
out at the time that his destination was
New York, where he would attend a fam
ily marriage.
From a trustworthy source in the rail
road offices it was learned yesterday that
Mr. Huntington had gone to Kentucky on
business of the utmost importance to the
railway corporation.
"H. B. has been ordered to the capital
of Kentucky," said the Southern Pacific
official. "Hia orders, of course, came from
C. P., who has more than he can attend
to at Washington just now. Young Mr.
titintington was manager of a Kentucky
road and is on good terms with many
prominent men in that State.
"I believe that he will appear among
the members of the Kentucky Legislature
in a day or two. It is a matter of the
most urgent necessity that action be
taken in that quarter without any delay,
or else the company may not be able to
wrestle with the bill 'recently introduced
to revoke the Southern Pacitic charter.
"I am told also that Mr. Stubbs is on an
important mission in connection with the
fundinc bill, but that is all I can say.
Those matters have been kept exceedingly
quiet in the building, and that fact in it
self has given rise to considerable talk
atr.ong the heads of departments as well
as among the clerks."
FLED TO SAN FRANCISCO
Emil H. Popel, an Absconding
St. Louis Cashier, Hunted
by Detectives.
He Is Charged With Embezzling $8000
From the New York Life In
surance Company.
Half a dozen detectives are hunting
throughout San Francisco for a notorious
embezzler from St. Louis, who is known
to be in this City. Every poolroom in
town is sedulously watched, and the detec
tives are also keeping an eye on the race
track at Ingleside and the Bay District ana
at downtown resorts where gambling of
any kind is conducted.
The fugitive so eagerly sought is Emil
H. Popel of St. Louis. Popel, it appears,
Kmil 11. Popcl.
was inclined to extravagant living, anil
had a mania for horseracing and poolroom
excitement. Every dollar he earned was
invested in pools or put up on horses in
the St. Louis betting-ring, with the usual
result— Popel had to get money elsewhere.
In this extremity he was quite favorably
situated, having been assistant cashier of
the New York Life Insurance Company at
St. Louis. He handled large sums of the
company's money daily, and as charged
in a complaint against him, appropriated
a liberal share to his own use whenever
the opportunity presented itself. The
stolen money passed out of Popel's ringers
like water through a sieve and into the
pockets of bookmakers and pool-sellers in
the Western city. At last, when the time
approached for balancing the cashbooks
with the ledgers, Popel saw he would be
detected. Bo he disappeared from the
office early last December and left St.
Louis.
On an examination of Popel's books it
was found that he had embezzled $8000 in
a short time.
The cml ezzler was under heavy bonds to
the American Surety Company of New
York, so that the insurance corporation's
lo9s was made good.
The surety compan}-, however, deter
mined to find Popel and bring him to jus
tice. It caused him to be charged with
embezzlement and sent circulars contain
ing his photograph and description broad
cast throughout the country.
A few days ago information was taken
to the surety company that Popel was
seen in San Francisco. Immediately a
search was begun, but so far without re
sult, as Popel eluded pursuit. It was said
that he had visited the Ingleside track.
This information bore out the suggestion
in the circular that "he is a fiend on horse
racing, and will probably follow the
races."
The detectives are still looking forPopel,
and expect to find him in some poolroom,
unless he has already left the City. The
description of Popel as given in the surety
company's circular Is as follows:
German. Age 24 (looks older), height 5 feet
4 or 5 inches, weight about 130 pounds, thin
light hair, small bald spot on crown, very high
forehead, complexion fair, pink cheeks, bluish
gray eyes, slight mustache, brown. Talks in
low tone, blow, rather an English drawl, nasni ;
very conceited in manner. Wore when he left
St. Louis, about December 11, 1895, dark suit,
single-breasted sack coat; dark brown chin
chilla beaver overcoat.
Lest Popel might escape every train and
every steumer leaving the City is watched
by the surety company's detectives.
Fatherless and Motherless.
Bert Ward, 14 years of age, was found on the
water front last night by Policeman Boya and
taken to the City Prison, where he was booked
for some public institution. Six months ago
the boy's lather, who was engineer on the
steamer Modoc, was washed overboard and
drowned, and his mother died shortly after
ward from grief. The boy was left to shift for
himself and has frequently been for days with
out sufficient food.
TRIP THROUGH PALESTINE
Rev. P. J. Cummins Tells a
Pleasing Narrative of His
Pilgrimage.
BEFORE THE CATHOLIC TJNION.
A Large Audience Entertained by the
Illustrated Story of the Holy
Land.
Metropolitan Temple was densely
crowded last night at the fourth of the
Catholic Educational Union's series of
literary entertainments. Many people
crowded about the doors for admission,
which had to be denied all who were not
the happy possessors of tickets from the
reading circles.
The evening's entertainment opened
with an organ recital by Professor Harri
son, which, it was quite evident, was fully
appreciated. Immediately after the re
cital concluded Rev. P. J. Cummina ao
peared and gave his illustrated lecture on
"A Trip Through the Holy Land."
Father Cummins was applauded as he
came before the house. He began his lee-
ture with a history of the Jewish people of
the Holy Land, and dwelt at some length
upon the more striking characteristics of
that race.
The speaker, continuing, went from one
interesting place to another in Palestine,
describing the scenes vividly, though
briefly, and associating with them pictures
presented in the Scriptures. But all this,
he said, was an introduction to the pic
tures thrown upon the canvas.
Miss Adelaide Kisen gave a piano solo, i
"Polka de Lorraine," and responded to an i
encore with a melange of Irish melody,
delightfully arranged.
The first picture thrown upon the can- ,
raa wns a map of Palestine, and the rev- \
crend lecturer described the plains, sea
coast and other physical features of the
country. The cities are mostly upon the
mountain tups, added Father (Junim ins.
The port of Joppa was shown, and tlie
speaker said that when he first set foot in
that historical city he was delighted to see
the cross above every other tiling; and he i
felt inclined to believe that some day it
would overthrow the crescent. When the;
market place of Joppa was exposed to j
view, the lecturer remarked: "Most East
ern cities are best seen from a distance,"
which statement had its effect, for the
market place looked like an alley in San i
Francisco's Chinese quarter.
"This is Jerusalem, as seen from the
Mount of Olives," said Father Cummins.
"It is not the first view of the city seen by
the visitor. This is not the view of the
city that drew tears from the eyes of our
Lord. This city ia built upon the ruins of
many cities."
The picture was greeted with applause,
when presently a scene of Jerusalem in
the time of Christ filled the canvas. The
speaker described the places of interest — ■
the temple and spots associated with the !
passion of the Savior. A view of the
Ifoont of Olives was found to be very in
teresting, and the Garden of Gethsemane j
occupied a prominent position on the
scene. The pious Catholics of Jerusalem j
make the stations of the cross in that gar
den every Sunday afternoon. The tombs
of Jerusalem, whicn ihe lecturer said were j
the most remarkable monuments of Pales
tine, were beautifully illustrated, and each I
view was accompanied by an interesting !
description and narrative.
The Golden Gate — a remnant of a tem
pie — was illustrated. ''The Mohammedans j
keep it built up," observed the lecturer, |
"having a superstition that its opening I
will herald the downfall of their power. |
Let us hope the day is not far distant •
when these gates will be open once again." |
A striking picture was the wall of wail- !
ing, where Jews congregate Friday after- i
noons and bewail the departed glories of i
their race, the temple that is destroyed;!
and this the pilgrim lecturer said was the
most touchine sight in the Holy hand.
The graceful Mosque of Ornai ihat is sup
posed to stana upon the site of the temple j
of Solomon interested the audience.
From Jerusalem the tour was followed to \
Bethlehem, Hebron, Jericho, the River
Jordan, the Dead Sea, Shiloh, where the
ArK rested for many years until captured
and carried off by the Philistines, to I
Nablous, the Mohammedan town.
The memorable wells, tombs and ruins
Of early churches that lie strewn along the j
wayside were pictured and briefly men- j
tioned. Excellent views of Nazareth were
shown, with the well where the Virgin
went daily lor water for her home, the
convent and church where the Grotto of
the Annunciation exists.
ALTENHEIM DIRECTORS.
First Annual Klect.iou of the Stock
holders of the German Charity
Since Its Opening.
. There wan a largely attended meeting of
the stockholders of the Altenheirn, or Ger
mans' Old People's Home, at Druids' Hall,
on Sutler street, Wednesday evening. This
is the first annual meeting since the open
ing of the home, on September 16, 1894,
when there were but two inmates.
An interesting history of the growth of
the institution was given by President
Fritz H. Rosen baum and Financial Secre
tary L. Schumacher, and the following
were elected directors for the ensuing year:
Mrs. Elisa Bahls, Mrs. William Westboff,
Mrs. A. Michalitschke, Josepn Branden
stein, L. C. Rose, William Zohst. F. Habe
nicht. Otto Moeser, A. C. Drewitz, Fritz H.
Kosenbaum and C. Vollberg.
President Rosenbaum read a lengthy and
interesting report, which showed the
Altenheim to be in a splendid condition
financially. The institution owns prop
erty worth $75,000. It ha 9 besides $11,
--414 07 in the bank above its liabilities, and
the sum cf $5435 is still to be received from
various bequests and gifts.
The first call for a meeting to establish
the Altenheim was made December 8, 1886.
The idea met with general approval and
some funds were subscribed by wealthy
German citizens. A great fair lasting four
clays was given in 1892 which netted $32,
--443 81 in profits. Land had already been
bought and work on the building com
menced February 15, 1893.
The construction was hurried as much
as possible and the home was opened in
September, 1894. There were only two old
people to enjoy its hospitality then. Now
there are twenty. The expenses of the
home have averaged only $500 a month.
There has been a similar healthy growth
in the membership Of the society. In
April, 1890, thor« "were only 118 on the rolls.
On January 1, 1896, there were 400.
A meeting of the new directors will be
held soon. Officers will then be elected
for the ensuing year.
JANITORS' PAY REDUCED.
The Board of Education Will Not Allow
Present Salaries to Stand.
The Board of Education has decided to
reduce the salaries of the janitors em
ployed in the different school and other
buildings under its control 10 per cent.
The Salary Committee of the board has
been] working over the matter for some
REV. P. J. CUMM|NS.
time and comparing the remuneration re
ceived by the employes of the department
with that received by janitors in private
buildings. As a result the following
schedule has been prepared and will go
into effect soon :
Schools of one or two classes, $20 per month.
Schools of three classes. $22 50 per month.
Schools of four classes, #25 per month.
Schools of five classes, .f27 50 per month.
Schools of six classes. .S3O per month.
Schools of seven classes, $33 per month.
Schools of eight or moro classes, $4 50 for
each room.
For evening schools $22 25 per month
will be pai<l for each class, and large
assembly-halls will be ligured as two class
rooms. These salaries will go into effect
at once.
WHO OWNS GERALDINE?
A Problem in Horse • Trading
Partly Solved by the Su
preme Court.
The Mare Belongs to Williams Unless
Ashe Will Pay His Debt to
Kelly.
The Supreme Court has decided that
Thomas H. Williams is entitled to the
possession of the horses which he has been
suing for possession of. Either that or
Porter Ashe, who holds the horses, must
pay ■Williams (heir value.
The horses are Geraldine, Don Fulano
and four yearlings. They were first trans
ferred from Ashe to Mike Kelly— Ashe
says in security for a debt of $4909 74
which he owed Kelly and Kelly says in
satisfaction of the debt and as an absolute
transfer. Anyway Kelly sold the horses
to Williams and Williams had them for
some time, until one day Ashe and some
friends took Geraldine from the track
stables and rode her off ana at the same
time cot possession by other means of the
other horses, which were in Sacramento.
Williams then brought suit to recover pos
session.
The Superior Court, by verdict of jury,
awarded possession of the horses to Wil
liams until Ashe should pay to Williams
the amount of his debt to Kelly. It was
decided that Williams stood in place of
Kelly, who had held the horses as security,
and consequently Williams was in the
same position. Ashe was given thirty
days by the Superior Court to pay the
money or give up the horses, and as this
time has expired and has not been ex
tended it is probable that Williams will
get the horses
Went Down in the Chester.
The suit of the children of John C. and Helen
Hampton, two victims of the sinking of the
City of Chester, against the Occidental and
Oriental Steamship Company was on trial be
fore Judge Hunt yesterday. The Hamptons
were passengers on the ilMated City of Cnester
when she was cut down by the Oceanic on
August 22, 1888. They left three children,
and the suit has been dragging along on de
murrers until yesterday the main issueß were
presented for trial. The suit is tor $50,000.
The Church and the State.
The regular Friday evening services at the
Temple Emanu-El during the month of Febru
ary will be varied a little from the usual order.
Rabbi Voorsanger will deliver four very inter
esting lecture* upon the constitution, the
schoolhouse and the church. As an introduc
tory to this course Rabbi Voorsanger v.'ill this
evening deliver a preliminary lecture upon
the position of the church ana the state and
their course of evolution. These lectures will
be given in response to a general request for
the doctor's views upon the subject.
Longitude of Aleutian Islands.
An effort is to be made by the T'nited States
Coast and Geodetic Survey Service to determine
the exact longitude of the Aleutian Islands
west from Sitka. For this purpose a chrono
logical expedition will be sent to Alaska in tin
spring. Just now Superintendent Rodgen is
testing thirty different naakvs of chroncmeteOT
to see which is the best*
HOTEL MEN'S MEETING
Unusual Preparations for the Big
Convention in April
Next.
IN THE STATE FIFTEEN DAYS.
From 500 to 800 Guests Are Expected,
and They Are to Be Given a
Gala Reception.
Extensive preparations are being made
for the reception of the members of the
National Hotel-keepers' Association, who
are to arrive here, from 500 to 800 strong,
in April next. The itinerary has just
been completed. The hotel men and their
wives and friends will start from Chicago
on April 10, and come over the Santa Fe
route.
They will be met atßarstow, on their ar
rival there, a few days later, by a special
committee of the California association,
who will have with them a carload of
fruit and flowers. They will stay fifteen
days in the State.
On April 14 they will hold their annual
meeting in Los Anceles and receive tne
courtesies of the people. They will be
given a Spanish tournament and an open
air barbecue the next day at Santa Monica.
At Santa Barbara they will attend the
floral festival, occupying a big tribune,
especially erected for 500 guests. They
„ NEW TO-DAY.
I A Clothing j
f Sensation! I
* A Never=to=Be- f
£ Forgotten Sale
"•§* Begins Saturday that will demolish prices that have ever -;•£•
«£■;- existed in the clothing trade. .-; £L.
J& it is a sale at prices which will burn themselves into a
t. the minds of the people. Clothing men will lie awake
if wondering. The following will give you an idea of a few
5 of the next-to-nothing prices:
f
*$ It has cut the price of our Fancy Cassi- *&
#■ mere All-Wool $10 Suits in two. QH ft A-^
& They are down to vOiUU
*.-:■-. *
"f^ It has knocked our matchless Wool 07 CO
* $15 Suits t0....... OiiDU f
;^. It has demolished the values of our fine
<&.;■ ■■-.•■' Single-Breasted, Square - cornered 04 ft ftft -^«
:^.; ;■."' All- Wool Melton Suits from $20 to $ | UiUU
* .'■' : - I:v:V.'.1 :v:V.'.- : -• .. ' ; - ; *f
4* It has hit our All-Wool $10 Overcoats Or ftfl
4.:- and placed them at OuiUU &-
* v.  , v , *f
4? It has leveled our Wool $12 50, $15 04 ft Aft *£>
4? and SiS Overcoats down to V I UiUU tS"
I COLUMBIAN o L^ I
* 541 MARKET STREET. f
•^ r Be Sure and Reach the Big Store With the Three Front Entrances, *£►
J Directly Opposite Sansome Street.
j£. Do not be deceived by firms infringing upon our name. )*
Danger Signals | PHILADELPHIA SHOE~Ca
More than half the victims of censump- I MERIT •
tton do not know they have tt. Here is a list * \
of symptoms by which consumption can f- "^SBBB
certainly be detected :— fa C\ Afl ' %~%s ' 4
Cough, one or two slight efforts on \ Jill! fpiyplllif •
rising, occurring during the day and fre- V / 1 1 1 1 P^lfrtl
quently during the night. IiLIUUI I^* i
L Short breathing after exertion. ■^■■■wvi jr ■«# I
Tightness of the chest. / -^W "ssla
Quick pulse, especially noticeable in the Vf '> / -.'* ' ;s Wk
evening and after a full meal. . f y / ' M
Chilliness in the evening, followed by .' :, j^ : >y^ : '^<^^\ •
Perspiration toward morning and 1^ ._ -. M
"Paleface and languid in the morning. oif****^^***^ j*^*^3dS!isa
If you have these symptoms, or any of "-"—' - ■ ""■ "^^^"^ -±?*^^ ~
■Se^&nTihfcKwihto'be «re?SS : HONESTY IS THE BEST POLICY
Dr. Heir's tnaiish Rewcdv for Consumption " 1 ' "4™ » a U " l l V Ul i; I .
has the highest • endorsements, and ha? Od"a.inßho D ne S tb4vtth B the pubnc.a^ we'b^
Stood the test Of years. It Will arrest Con- up every statement we make with the shoes. We
in its earlier stapes and H«-iv* never misrepresent an article and our . customers
SUmpiion in Hi edlll.r Stages, ana Chive appreciate that fact. This week we are offering
away the Symptoms named. It is manu- Ladies' Genuine Dongola Kid Button Shoes, with
factured by the Acker Medicine Co., 16 either kid or cloth tops, pointed or medium square
. ._ — , •'■ • _,  „ , ■>-' v 'm »» toes, with V-shaped patent leather tips, straight
and 18 Chambers St., New York, and sold vamps and pliable soles, lor swaignt
by all reputable druggists. rr>r^ C^C^}
; ~~ These shoes are easy on the feet and are euaran-
_^^^ ' teed for wear.
.-<lf^§(SsS*ftiipy, _ VQ j |M 0» ft nacnii A „ X V e re also mating a drive on Ladles' Ooze Kid
j^2j^^^^^^C S JIIJ{«I3 Rnl* II I Oxfords, 111 blacK, slate, olive or brown, with
7 I^S2S*SI»J'MLW I I" 1 '" 1 *" 1 to '» "nil French heels, and we will sell
B#P> **O/r? t>o,,, iI) 1 '^^TB~r"*llfc B■ ' them for
sijbo.
ci/ -^ h"^ f J " g bu°, '»t£! 0 ?*>?L 0o *OOrj r JW Country orders solicited,
pßSpps^s^^^??> s - r * New illuatraled catalogue -
rWCEUo^^^^^^. B. KATCHINSKI,
Ho Percentage Phunucj. 953 Manet SL Philadelphia shoe co.,
■■■ ■'. ■•■•■••<•; * 10 Third Street, San Francisco.
iJJii&':so c - TRIAL SETS
_^^^^^^S^ Choice Bulbs and Plants.
2sffi§|i3^StSiSßgSf-^^y We P re P ay the Postage aud guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
«SsgsHß|SSK^£St\. Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
f V^T^S^Xr^SK^ v- B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c A O v
JM(I J^%MQ2?»Si-» °~" lOPnze-whming Chrysanthemums, 10 sort's 50c -
r~f Superb double Petunlai, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
fKOC TRIAITgETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage aud guarantee safe delivery of the Plants.
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants, . . 50c
B-10 Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts Any
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c "
D-5 Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
«~?« «? nd lar ge-flow(_re.l Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc Fo «,
•r . a~v,° Kle ? an if v "bloomin R Roses, ,0 kinds 50c *?%&
K-10 Howering Plr ts, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, *J> I v 2-?
■> i ' I''^1 ''^ 1 Manettia "V c, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
Ali/fIVSTS' 1 .Solaum, 1 1-etunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydraa- 5 Sets
V- VI Wit gea» 1 Chrysanthemum.;;. 50c
rLW^. lOVinlnt Dlonto CfU 3 P la «t 3 New Calif. Violet, -.^f^rt
vS^^, IZVIOIGI rlHfllS, bUC, 3 Mad " Milot - . 3 r j > a l 7; l e ley $2r9_9
Sf>nH 'fctf mil* Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
V^?S?fifsflKKSS# . * " v *"* v»l*l complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
> %^gjM{tJuMpHH*'*^ Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
-."" ... • ■ Australia' and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vcge-
unseeds. COX SEED AND PLANT CO., San Francisco
-.-•**.* . — -- ■*-** —> 411, 413 Sqpsome Street
will next go to Pasadena, and be enter
tained in the San Gabriel and Arcadia ho
tels.
The next day they will meet the special
train at Santa' Anita and go to Redlands,
where they will be served with an orange
dinner. Thence they will go to Riverside,
Coronado and San Diego. There a Span
ish lunch and the annual banquet will be
jriven. Thence .they will go to Mount
Lowe and Mount Echo, and return to Los
Angeles on April 22 for a day at the fiesta.
The tourists will arrive in San Francisco
on April 23 and remain nve days. They
will be banqueted at the Palace, escorted to
the theaters and be driven to all the noted
places of interest. They will afterward
visit Palo Alto, San Jose", Del Monte and
Santa Cruz, at each place being entertained
in a hospitable manner befitting the occa
sion.
All the details for the reception in Cali
fornia are being looked after by G. Whar
ton James, secretary of the association.
He says a handsome gold badge with the
California bear on it will be issued to the
guests. Besides this a unique itinerary
souvenir book, bound in stamped Califor
nia leather and of sixty-four pages, wild he
printed. It will be illustrated in at least
two colors. The 1000 coDies required will
cost $1500. '
Victory for Uuiiton.
The preliminary examination of Mamie
Barnum on the charge of grand larceny was
concluded before Judge Campbell Wednesday
afternoon, The defendant and her friend,
Kittle Nelson, flatly contradicted the war vet
eran, Ebenezer F. Dunton, but the Judge be
lieved that he told a straight story and held
Mamie to answer Defore the Superior Court in
$2000 bonds.
Jockey Madison Held.
Jasper Madison, the colored jockey, hafl his
preliminary examination on the charge of
assault to murder before Judge Campbell and
was held to answer before the Superior Court
in $10,000 beads. In explanation of the high
bail the Judge said he had been informed that
the condition of Hugh Murphy, the bartender,
who was cut in the neck by Madison, was re
garded by the surgeons at the French Hospital
as serious.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDQE,
Editor end Proprietor.
f ■■■ »i ■ , n
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postajre Free:
rally an* 6ua<say Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one yew, by mai1....... 1.60
Vkut Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
fWephone Matn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
617 Clay Street.
IWepnone .j;^ ...M»!n-1874
BRANCH OFFICES
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open ÜBtU
8 :80 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
VI 7 Lartia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
fcW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
tttll 9 o'clock.
161b Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
ilk Math street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
803 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 51 and 32, 34 Park Row, New Tort City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Bpeclal Agent.
DAY JANUARY 31, 1896
' THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
It looks like free Cuba.
California is making a good fight.
Cameron is right— the Senate should re
eolve for Cuban independence.
By the tongue of Tillman the voice of
South Carolina is still for civil war.
This is the turn of Sonoma to give the
State a show, and she is givirjg a good one.
The refunding scheme is strong, but it is
the kind of strength that smells to heaven.
When Tillman delivered his speech he
may be truly said to have stumped the
Senate.
The downtown poolrooms would like to
be licensed, but they are running with too
much license already.
Railroad Attorney Tweed has an omi
nous name, but perhaps the suggestion in
it is pleasing to the bosses.
To watch England thoroughly we have
to keep one eye on Alaska while taking a
squint at Venezuela with the other.
It seems the Southern Pacific of Ken
tucky never thought it worth while to
keep the law even in Kentucky itself.
California Congressmen who fail to
make a good record against the funding
bill will make a bad one for themselves.
From the orange fair of Cloverdaleto the
snow festival of Truckee is only a step,
and it will be a good one for everybody to
take.
The issue in the funding-bill fight is
California against a corporation, the people
against a monopoly and the law against
fraud.
The Smith refunding scheme hasn't re
deeming features enough to redeem the
bonds it authorizes even in a hundred
years.
Cleveland has been on another duck
shooting expedition and we shall soon
know whether he bag returned loaded for
bear again.
Our Representatives in Coneress have
beaten the arguments of the railroad lobby
and have a fair prospect of beating the
lobby itself.
Since the Central Pacific earned money
enough to make plutocrats of all the di
rectors it ought to tie able to earn enough
to pay its debts.
The one touch needed to make the year
about the liveliest on record is for Keeley
to set his motor into operation, and he
promises to do it.
Other portions of the State are forced to
content themselves with climate, but So
noma talks of geological conditions, gey
sers and internal heat.
It is considered proper in St. Louie to
refer to the head of the Pulitzer Publish
ing Company of that city as "the whis
kered residuum of vanity and vexation."
Whatever the House Committee on for
eign Affairs may do in regard to Cuba the
Committee on Pacific Railroads will have
to recognize the belligerency of California.
As long as the bimetallista allow such
men as Tillman to come to the front and
speak for them the silver lining of the
financial issue will always be under a
cloud.
Grant's proposal to the Spanish Govern
ment to establish the independence of
Cuba through the friendly intervention of
the United States aflords a good precedent
for Cleveland.
Senator Hill, having been asked who is
the most prominent Democratic candidate
for the Presidency, answered very truth
fully that he did not know of any such
candidates at all.
If the Sonoma people carry out their
scheme of generating electricity enough to
supply electric lights for orchardists the
old remark about gathering fruit from the
electric plant will cease to be a joke.
It is an ill wind that blows pood to no
body, and out o: the trouble of the Ameri
cans in the Transvaal the American Con
sul at Cape Colony is likely to be increased
in dignity and get an increase of salary.
fcow that the St. Louis Republic actually
feels at liberty to invite the young men of
the East to come to Missouri to get an edu
cation, it is evident that if there is noth
ing really new under the sun tliere must
at any rate have been a new deal.
The way in which the railroad managers
are trying to shift the blame of the recent
accidents off their shoulders ia an illustra
tion of the way in which they would shift
the burden of the refunded debt on the
people as soon as they got a chance.
According to Colonel Cockerill it is the
purpose 01 the Japanese to ao everything
possiDle at home and not permit a dollar
to go abroad which can be kept in Japan,
and a simi'nr policy in respect to our dol
lars wouldn't be bad for tlie United States.
The report given of the conduct of our
Consul at Johannesburg is another evi
dence that if we are to have a more vigor
ous policy in protecting Americans abroad
we must first put more vigorous men in
the consular service and not shift them
out of office every time we change Presi
' dents.
CRUSHING COMPETITION.
As the increased revenues which the
Southern Pacific would have to provide to
meet the demands of a funding bill would
! have 1o come largely through increased
j local freight charges, principally in Cali
; fornia, it follows that if the company hon
estly intends to pay Hip debt under the
terms imposed by a funding bill it will of
necessity have to crush any sort of local
competition that may present itself. The
I force of this argument will be appreciated
when we reflect that the company strenu
ously insists that competition, not fixed
charges, regulates the rates charged.
One ground upon which the company
bases its claim of "equity'" is that the Gov
ernment forfeited its right to collect the
debt by extending aid to other overland
roads with which the Southern Pacific is
in competition. Hence if the people of
California should demand that the Gov
ernment make appropriations for render
ing our rivers navigable the company may
either oppose the appropriation for the
reason that such competition would re
duce its ability to earn sufficient with
whicn to comply with the terms of a fund
ing bill, or in the event of such appropria
tion and the ensuing river competition it
will be armed with an excuse for refusing
to comply with the terms of the funding
bill.
This policy has been already foreshad
owed in two ways — one, as has been stated,
in basing an "equity 1 ' claim on the aid
extended to competing overland roads,
and the other in opposing the proposed
freight reductions ordered by the Califor
nia Railroad Commission on the ground
that such reductions would hamper its
ability to discharge its obligation to the
Government. If this latter contention
should be upheld by the Federal courts
before "which it is pending it would be log
ically argued that competition created by
the Government in the shape of river im
provements would have a similar effect
and therefore should not be made.
In short, a funding bill would commit
the Government to the policy of main
taining tbe monopoly character of the
Southern Pacific, to the extent of with
holding appropriations for river improve
ments. This is a serious phase of the
subject, as, no matter what may be the pos
sibilities of railroad building by private en
terprise, rivers are the natural arteries
of traffic and can never be monopolized or
made part of transportation combinations.
In more ways than one a funding bill
would place California absolutely at the
mercy of the Southern Pacific monopoly
and would make the Government a party
in interest to the outrage.
THE MORGAN RESOLUTION.
On its face the resolution introduced by
Senator Morgan relative to affairs in Cuba
is a compromise between non-interference
and an open recognition of the insurgents'
belligerent right. In reality, however, it
is a great deal more than that, and therein
lies its shrewdness — while preserving a
perfectly friendly attitude toward Spain, it
lifts the uprising from the plane of an in
surrection to that of war. A dignified re
quest that Spain regard the insurgents as
entitled to the customary treatment of
belligerents in war is a proclamation by
this Government of its own estimate of
the situation. In other words, it commits
the United States to the policy of recog
nizing the belligerent rights of the insur
gents, and is notice to Spain that this will
be done unless she changes her method of
warfare. If that change is made in re-
sponge to this reqxiest, the strength of the
insurgent cause will be doubled.
That seems at present to be the logic of
the situation. At the same time Spain
couJd not find fault with the resolution,
except to regard it as an impertinence.
She is not in a position to express resent
ment. The resolution is perfectly reason
able. It is based both on the duty of this
country to protect the interests of its
citizens in the island and a knowledge of
the fact that the insurgents are regularly
organized as an army. More than that,
they have proclaimed a government,
which fact the report accompanying the
resolution seems to have overlooked.
General "Weyler himself, who is to com*
mand the forces of Spain in Cuba, has
given sufficient reason for the adoption of
the resolution. He is reported to have ex
pressed the opinion that it will require two
years to suppress the uprising. That can
not be a rebellion — it iawar.
The resolution presented by the minority
of the .Morgan committee requesting the
President to intercede with Spain for
recognition of the independence of Cuba
seems hardly so well advised as the ma
jority resolution, for the latter is the proper
foundation for it.
The Spaniards seem to nave been laying
too great stress on the importance of keep
ing the forces of Maceo and Gomez separ
ated. The force necessary to maintain a
military line across the island for that pur
pose is meTely playing into the hands of
the insurgents, who find their base of sud
plies in every hamlet and plantation that
they raid, and who are more effective scat
tered than concentrated. As a result of
holding this line Maceo has overrun the
rich province of Pinar del Rio, as might
have been expected, while Gomez is still
operating freely in the east.
THE CLOVERDALE FAIR.
The C'trus Fair at Cloverdale, Sonoma
County, was prepared so quietly and
launched so unexpectedly that its remark
able character has taken the State by sur
prise. It has been familiar knowledge for
years that oranges and lemons would grow
throughout the .whole length of the foot
hills bordering the San Joaquin and Sac
ramento valleys on the east, but no par-
ticular attention had been turned to the
possibilities of the coast ranges of moun
tains in this regard, it has always been
held in a vague way that the greater
humidity of the coast region was not con
ducive to the best results with citrus
fruits.
This seems strange and illogical now.
j Some of the finest grapes in the world are
! grown in the Santa Cruz Mountains, where
' summer fogs are of freauent occurrence,
i and in spite of that fact these crapes carry
: a heavy percentage of sugar. The finest
! prunes are grown in the valley? of the
coast ranges and their richness in sac
charine is proverbial. It would bo un
reasonable to expect oranges lacking in
sugar to be grown in localities which pro
duced other fruits exceedingly rich in
sugar. The only question that it is now
proper to consider in the case of oranges,
with respect to their adaptability to the
I coast regions, is that of frost.
The region in which Cloverdale is situ
ated has a soil which is mostJy decomposed
volcanic matter. The fertility of such soils
is great and practically inexhaustible. The
natural vegetation throughout the region
. is abundant and luxuriant, fogs are rare
except in the lower valleys and the climate
is exceedingly pleasant. A test of the
thermal conditions there prevalent is
found in the fact that olives and Smyrna
figs grow and flourish there with perfect
immunity from danger of hurting cold —
that is to say, the climate is semi-tropical.
The lemon is a very tender plant, «nd yet
its fruit, besides that of other citrus fruits
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 189(5.
and of figs and olives, is one of the prin
cipal features of the Cioverdale exhibit.
The natural resources of Napa, Sonoma
and Lake counties (they are very, similar)
are remarkable for their wealth and variety,
and have not been developed to a thou
sandth part of thsir capacity. Where
oranges, nuts, olives and lies will thrive
we have perfect conditions for pleasant
living and profitable occupation. When to
these are added mineral springs of curative
value and a medicinal variety greater than
those of any single country of Europe,
and water power in inexhanstless quantity
waiting to be transformed into electricity,
we can begin to appreciate the marvelous
advantages of this broad section of Cali
fornia.
A STRANGE DISCOVERY.
The most interesting feature of the al
leged discovery by Professor Roenigen of
the Bavarian University of a means of
photographing through solids is that it is
taken seriously. It is given a range of
possibilities that reflects the highest credit
on the fecundity of the human imagina
tion. All that the learned inventor seems
to claim is that by this process a dense
object may be photographed through a
less dense enveloping substance. Thus
the bones of a man may be photographed
through his flesh. But the imaginative
writer is not satisfied with a discovery bo
interesting even as that; he must declare
that the viscera may thus be brought to
light, and, by such exploration, the loca
tion and character of internal disorders
and lesions ascertained. Nothing could
be so manifestly in contravention of the
original claim.
Thomas Edison gives tbe following sci
entific explanation of the matter: "The
cardinal factor of the whole matter is this
radiant heat; but I am satisfied the
"Wurzlmrg inventor has special rays
thereof and special chemical plates.
Radiant heat is the energy of heat trans
ferred to the luminiferous ether which tills
all space and also pervades all bodies.
The hot body sets the ether particles in
vibration, and this vibratory motion, in
the form of waves, travels in all directions
and with a velocity of about 180,000 miles
a second. There is no essential difference
between radiant heat and light, the ether
waves differing intrinsically among them
selves in wave length only, and thus pro
ducing different effects— heating, lumin
ous and chemical — in the bodies on which
they impinge, according to the nature of
these bodies. The waves whose heating
I effect is generally the greatest are of
greater wave length than those which
most affect the eye — light rays — and have
longer periods of vibration. The quantity
of heat of a body or the amount of heat
energy which a body gains or lose 3in
passing through a different range of tem
perature is measured by the quantity of
water it would raise at one degree Fahren
heit."
It is evident, if there is really a basis in
truth for the announcement that the
Bavarian scientist has made this alleged
discovery, that its etliciency would be de
pendent upon extremely difficult condi
tions and that a photograph so produced
must necessarily be very indistinct. Thus,
not only must the skin and flesh covering
a bone be photographed on the sensitive
plate, but the adjustment of the power of
the light to the depth and consistency of
the flesh and the time of exposure woulu
be necessary elements of the photograph
ing process. It is easy to imagine that a
mathematical determination of these ele
ments beforehand would be impossible.
If, for instance, there should not be an ex
act balancing of essential conditions, even
the bone itself mieht be given the appear
ance of transparency, and so have no
more value on the plate than the impres
sion left by the inclosing flesh. As for
photographing the visceral organs through
flesh which may be, and through bone
which certainly is, denser than they,
the idea is manifestly self-contradictory.
There seems to be nothing so far upon
which to found a hope that the invention
will prove to have auy conspicuous value.
We have not forgotten the great excite
ment following the announcement that
the art of photographing the colors of an
object had been discovered, nor how
quickly the subject wus dropped. Pho
tography has made wonderful strides and
has accomplished incredible things, and
many more triumphs await It; but they
will likely be found to have a deeper root
in common-sense than the one announced
from Bavaria.
MORE DATA NEEDED.
A curious inconsistency on the part of the
Government appears in the zeal with
which it studies the ocean curreuts on
this side of the continent as compared with
the neglect with which it treats our meteor
ological conditions. It has kept the Alba
tross constantly in service for years inves
tigating the subject of surface and deep
currents and the temperature of the water
at ail depths, besides authorizing it to give
considerable attention to forms of deep
sea life. This last-named branch of its
work may not be of great interest to navi
gators, nor may be that of water temper
ature; but a study of ocean currents cer
tainly has a practical value.
While all this care is being taken with
regard to the ocean, the more complex and
important subject of the atmosphere is
not receiving proper attention. As the
centers of storms which assail this coast
and have an important bearing both on
navigation and agriculture originate in
the Pacific, where it is impossible to se
cure data of their origin, character and
direction, it is clearly more important to
extend facilities for studying our meteor
ology than to etudy ocean currents and
deep-sea monsters.
The officer in charge of the San Fran
cisco observing station is insisting on the
establishment of a station on Mount Tam
alpais or some other convenient high sta
tion for employing kites to study the con
ditions existing in the upper air. The
idea is perfectly reasonable. That a
knowledge of these upper strata might
prove exceedingly useful is certainly plaus
ible. Without some intelligent expansion
of our present crude, restricted and inade
quate means the present expenditures for
the maintenance of the local weather serv
ice are not as fully justified by the results
as they would be if available means for
improving the service were employed.
A MONUMENT TO SLOAT.
The bill introduced into the United
States Senate by Senator Perkins making
an appropriation of $10,000 for the purpose
of erecting a monument at Monterey to
Commodore Sloat is one that should re
ceive the unanimous support of that body.
The bill is in the form of those ot a similar
nature which have readily been passed by
both bouses of Congress, and there is
nothing in it, therefore, that can be ob
jectionable to any one.
Tiie monument to Sloat would be vir
tually a monument to commemorate the
hoisting of the United States flag over Cal
ifornia, and that event is certainly worth y
of monumental commemoration. It is
one of the great historic incidents in the
career of the Nation, and the officer who
had the good fortune to be in command at
the time it occurred was of a rank and
character sufficient to give the event both
distinction and dignity.
Senator Perkins' bill provides that the
monument shall be erected within the
limits of the city of Monterey, and the
money is to be expended under the direc
tion of the Secretary of War, or such offi
cer as he may designate. This, of course,
does not interfere with anything that may
be undertaken by the local monument as
sociation, and they have still an oppor
tunity to add to the value of the monument
by raising additional money for it, and in
deed may practically direct the work of
erecting it.
PERSONAL.
T. J. Field, the banker, of Monterey, is among
recent arrivals.
William H. Cribben, a business man of Chi
cago, is in the City.
Charles T. Max, an extensive merchant of
Chicago, is at the Palace.
W. W. Douglas of Sacramento, Deputy State
Controller, is at the Grand.
Frank E. Corbett, H. C. Carney and J. W.
Fairchild of Butte, Mont., are in the City.
Henry P. Stables, manager of the extensive
Stables rancho, Yuba County, is in town. He is
the son of ex -Judge Stables of Yuba City.
J. K. Eveleth, the raining man of San Fran
cisco who for a year and a half has been absent
on a tour of the world, returned by the P.io
Janeiro yesterday.
Frank n. Brooks, formerly lieutenant in the
Naval Reserve, left on the bmatilla yesterday
for Juneau, Alaska, to act as agent of Goodall,
Perkins & Co.'s steamers there.
John J. Byrne, general passenger agent at
Los Angeles for the Atlantic and Pacitic Rail
road, arrived here yesterday. He came to in
stall Mr. Truslow as assistant general passenger
agent in this City.
John Poulson of Portland, who owns exten
sive lumber-mills ou the Columbia River and
who has been a long time an owner in large
areas of timber land as well as a manufacturer
of lumber, is in the City.
O. M. Manson, who was one of the pioneers
of Leadville, and who is interested in mining
there and elsewhere in the West, is at the
Palace. He was one of the firm of Wellington
& Co., concessionaires of all the restaurants at
the World's Fair.
Colonel W. H. Heuer, who for years has been
the chief of the United states Corps of En
gineers here, and who was one of the Debris
Commissioners, will leave to-night for Cin
cinnati to take charge of the work on tho Ohio
and Mississippi rivers.
D. M. Green of Milwaukee, who invested
$175,000 in a Salt Lake smelter, and Otto
Saver of New York, who is said to be the pur
chaser of more copper than any other man in
the United States, are in the City. They will
leave in a day or two for Monterey.
M. Fanakosbi, formerly the Japanese Vice-
Consul at Vladivostock and later at Fusan,
Korea, arrived here yesterday to accept
the vice-consulship at this port. He has been
recently married to a daughter of a prominent
officer of the Japanese army, who was through
the recent war.
Dr. O. H. Simons of Leadville, Colo. , who wa
United States Consul at Hongkong during
Harrison's administration, is at the Palace.
He has lately purchased the Doblo placer mine
near Redding, and is now constructing a
twelve-mile ditch to bring water on it. The
gravel is said to be quite rich. A Mr. Baer, a
business man of Leadville, is interested with
Dr. .Simons.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 30.— Among recent
arrivals are: J. S. Ackorman, Holland; J. S.
Webster, Holland; H. Foland, Imperial; L. A.
Upson, St. Cloud. William S. Edwards and
Mrs. Edwards were among f he passengers who
sailed on the steamship at. Louis for South
ampton. __^_
THE LOVE OF THE ENGINEER.
There's a gleam of red on the road's rough bed,
■ And a clamor of Hying wh«els, • --- -•■- ■ ■
As I give old "Flyaway Bess" her head
And, swift as a shot from a rifle sped,
' She sweeps o'er the singing steels. ■
Like a star at night shines a faint, far light.
And the faint, fur light draws near, ; : '.« •■ >'■ -•
Where to see us- pass she waits, dear lass,
The love of the engineer.
With a rattle and din along we spin, .-.
And the house runs blithely by;
And, shadowed against the light within, ' ■ ■
Is the girl it has been my luck to win,
And the girl for whom I'd die!
For a sight of the train at the window-pane
She watches, my Nell, my dear,
And rollicking past my heart beats fast- -
She's the love of the engineer!
I hold your lives, oh, husbands and wives,
In the palm of my grimy hand!
But you need not fear whatever arrives, '■-•is.^ir^
While the stanch old engine onward drives,
For here at my post I stand:
And well I know she would have me go ■ • ••
To my death unknowingfear.
Asleep or awake, you are safe for the sake
Of the love of the engineer! —Judge.
A NEW FARE COLLECTOR.
The iilckelin-the-slot machine will invade
the Btreetcar. The Detroit Railway is about
to present to its employes a new safeguard for
its fares, says the Chicago Times-Herald. It is
called the Wagner register and fare collector.
It is a nickel-plated contrivance which will
hang around the conductor's neck. Fingers
that itch for illegitimate coin will not touch
the fares. The conductor will present his
machine in the passenger's face in hold-up
fashion and the passenger will transfer his
5-cent piece from his pocket to the machine.
The coin will rattle down into its depths until
a little bell will jingle. This will inform the
New Street Railway Wrinkle in Detroit.
passenger that his fare is recorded in due and
proper form. He will sit down assured that
it will reach the coffers of the company instead
of the pocket of the conductor. The conductor
will be ordered to finger neither the coin nor
ticket. They pass directly from the hand of
the passenger into the slot. When they drop
through into the receiver at the base of the
device they are registered.
At the end of the route It is the company's
cashier and not the conductor who unlocks the
slot machine and takes out the receiver. He
lias in his possession keys marked witn each
conductors name and number. The register
is reset, another receiver is attached and the
conductor goes on his way.
And all this is not, very pleasing to the hon
est streetcar conductor of Detroit. He i» affect
ing great indignation. He avows he will quit
before he will go around like a dummy with
one of those "Toronto coffee-pots," as he calls
them.
Besides the slot machine which the Detroit
company is to confer upon all its conductors,
the man who calls out "Far? !" will be loaded
down with another device. This is the change
box, built on the plan of the dime banks,
which were popular a few years ago. This is
merely a convenience to get out of the diffi
culty of diving into the pocket after change.
THE CANAL REVIVAL.
Verily this is an era of canal revival. A re
action seems to have set In from the days when
artificial waterways were abandoned and rail
roads were proclaimed the only means of
transportation.
Chicago's great drainage canal will furnish a
highway between the lakes and the Missis
sippi. New York will .spend $9,000,000 on
widening and deepening the Erie canal, where
me trolley is replacing the sportive mule, and
the cost of handling the traffic is consequently
reduced by the saving in time and expense.
Canadian officials and capitalists are seri
ously considering a canal from Winnipeg to
Hudson Bay, connecting with a line of
steamers thence to England, which is the
shortest possible tran.s-Atlantic route. The
west ism earnest in demanding a ship canal
across Michigan between the lake of that name
and Lake Erie. Pennsylvania is working for a
ship canal trom Pittsburg to the lakes. The
favors canals from all parts of that grow
ing section to the Ohio, the Mississippi, the
Gulf and the Atlantic. San Francisco mer
chants are demanding that the waterways be
opened in the San Joaquin and Sacramento
rivers in order to afford a competing line with
the railroad monopoly. Even the far East has
not escaped the contagion, for down in Maine
tnere is talk of opening a waterway to the St.
Lawrence by way of the Kennebec, across
Moosehead Lake to the west branch of the
i enobscot, and thence by lakes and streams to
the great river.
In spite of the lesson of the complete and dis
astrous failure of the Manchester ship canal
there can be little doubt that this widespread
American movement will progress. It has a
saier basis than the English scheme, for it
plans to connect trading points and not to re
verse the laws of trade and nature. So far as
we can judge of the future it seems safe to say
«)&t eventually the steam railroads will handle
me through passenger, express and perishable
f n , . business - the street railways local traffic
°v *- in<^ s i an d canals and inlund waterways
the heavy and non-perishable freight. The
canal movement of this generation has sounder
grounds for being than the boom in the first of
the century, M-hen the country was only
sparsely settled. It is characteristic of our
fuller development, for all commercially ma
tured European countries wisely have done
the same thing and have found that It has
paia. — Boston Journal.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Senator Thurston of Nebraska says that he is
a descendant of Thorstein, son of Eric the Red
of Scandinavia, who visited Kew England in
1005.
Cecil Rhodes once owed his life to Dr. Jame
son's careful treatment and nursing during a
dangerous illness at Kiinberley. The two men
have lived on the terms of clo&est intimacy for
twenty years.
Judge Culbertson of. Texas, now a Congress
man, has a remarkable record. He has de
fended 110 men charged with murder in the
first degree, and has never had a client sen
tenced to death.
Professor Reinkens, since 1873 bishop of the
German Old Catholics, died recently at Bonn.
Till the protest of the fourteen professors
again3t the Vatican decrees he had been pro
fessor of theology at Breslau.
In a recent letter to a friend William E.
Gladstone said : "We are due at Biarritz on my
birthday, a day on which, if Hive to see it, I
shall complete my eighty-sixth year. A long
count, a great reckoning!"
The Queen of Portugal has just passed the
examinations qualifying her for practice as a
physician in the land of her adoption. It is
the first instance on record of a lady of sov
ereign rank winning for herself by means of
diligent study the diploma of doctor of medi
cine.
Robert Burns' great-grandson and namesake,
his last descendant in the direct male line, has
just died at Blackball, near Edinburgh, aged
52 years. He had served as a soldier aud as a
gardener in the Edinburgh Public Gardens,
but for fourteen years past had been keeper of
the powder magazine at Blackhall. He left no
children.
When ex-Senator Ransom was appointed
Minister to Mexico, an old colored man in
North Carolina, who knew him, said: "And so
dey has p'inted Mars Matt a minister, has dey?
Well. I'se 'stonished at dat. Ob cose, <ie gen'ral
am a good man, and I ain't got notbin' to say
against him, but still it beats me to think he'd
turn preacher in his oie days. But he's a pow
erful talker, liars Matt is, and I'll bet all de
cotton I raise dis year dat he'll convert a wagon
load of sinners eber time he gits into de pulpit."
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Smithers— What on earth made Brownkins
and Joncsley so sick to-day?
Rinktums— Drinking each other's health last
night. — New York World.
He— l am afraid the coining woman •will
swear.
She— Oh, no; she intends to run things bo
well there won't be anything to swear at.—
Chicago .Record.
Wallace— Do you think electricity will be
much in use in the next war?
In the next war? Why, the Spaniards are
winning most of their battles with it right
now.— Cincinnati Enquirer.
"That must be a very heavily laden wagon,'*
said he, "to make such a loud noise."
"That isn't a wagon," said she; "that is
Bridget giving the furnace its morning fit."
Really, it wasn't. But he didn't stay much
longer.— New York Recorder.
Mrs. Peck— What do you sii there reading
for, when I am trying to think of a word?
Should I Bay "disillusioned" or "disillution
lzed."
Sir. N. Peck— l dunno. Just say "married,"
and let it go at that.— lndianapolis Journal.
"She has a heart of gold."
"That settles my chances, then. Some Eng
lishman will annex her.sure."— Cincinnati En
quirer.
Taper— l should like two weeks' absence to
attend the wedding of a very dear friend.
Air. Gingham— lt must be a very deai friend,
Indeed, to make you want that much time
Who is it?
Taper— Well, sir, after the ceremony she will
be my wife.— Tid Bits.
■Lady (a widow)— Do you know my daughter
is quite smitten with you, Herr Muller?
Gent (feeling flattered)— Really, now?
Lady— A fact. She was saying only to-day,
"I should like that gentleman for my papa."—
Deutscher Soldatenhort.
Bings— l have fixed this oversleeping busi
ness.
Friend— Get an alarm clock?
"No."
"Wife buy a dog?"
"No."
"Man next door play a cornet?"
"No."
"Ah! I see. Boy or girl?"
"Both. It's twins." — To Date.
FROM WESTERN SANCTUMS.
Orange-Growers Need Protection.
Redlands Facts.
It is about time that the orange-growers of
the United States were as-king for protection
against the other growers of the world.
Soft Answers Turn Away Ballets.
Tucson Star.
After all, the greatest security which the
nations have against war is the numberless
ways always available for gracefully backing
down.
Keep Off the Grass, Please.
Hanford Democrat.
Africa will soon be gobbled, divided and
civilized. China will have to go through the
process next if Turkey does not precede her,
but America does not propose that European
powers shall make any further advances, from
Cape Horn to Alaska.
Cheap and Quick Transportation.
-, San Jose Mercury.
Cities are not built by sitting still and wait
ing for good times to come. It is business that
makes cities, and in these days of electric cars
business goes to the city that offers it the best
facilities ior. traveling.
Would Make Things Lively.
Woodland Democrat.
The United States has her eye on Canada,
Germany covets South Africa, France has an
itching palm for Egypt, and Kussia would be
temporarily satisfied with either India or
Turkey. What a lively shaking up there would
be in the event of a war between the United
States and England.
Mr. Eckels' Plan.
Woodland Mail.
Comptroller Eckels proposes to Congress that
an international banking system be inaugur
ated for promoting commerce between this
country and South and Central America. This
would no doubt be a good idea, but it is only
a roundabout way of carrying out Blalne's
reciprocity plan, which was denounced and
repealed by the Democrats.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Points in Crib— A. Sh., City. If in a game
of cribbage a player has a six, three deuces
and a tray turned up he calls for eight.
Dimes Without Premium— H. S. F., City.
There is no premium on a dime of 1892
nor on one of 1893 with the initial "S" on the
same.
Not Two Moons— H. M., City. January, 1396,
was not scheduled for two full moons, but the
month of August v;ill have two last quarters,
August 1 and August 31.
No TRAiirtKG-SHiP— F. C. 8., Stockton, Cal.
There is no Government training-ship at San
Francisco. There is the training-ship Inde
pendence at Mare Island. For information
about the vessel and the manner of receiving
boys on board of her write to the commander
of the vessel.
The Next Election— J. L. F\, City. At the
next election to be held in this City the voters
will foe callea upon to declare their choice for
all City and County officers except Assessor
and Superintendent of Schools. No State offi
cers will be voted for at that election. Candi
dates for the Legislature will also be voted for.
To ADDRES3 a Letter— S., Oakland, Cal. If
you wish to send a communication to a certain
machine-shop in San Francisco, and wish to
be sure that it will reach its destination, send
it by registered mail, and you will, by the next
mail, after its delivery, receive a receipt from
the individual who received it from the post
man.
American Wheelmen— C. H., City. To join
the League of American Wheelmen the appli
cant must fill oat an application blank, to be
obtained at any first-class cyclery, and for
ward it to the secretary of the league at Bos
ton, with $2 inclosed, one half of which is for
joining and the other for the first year's an
nual dues.
Morphine Habit— T. J., City. There Is no
for a person to cure himsell of the mor
phine habit except to place himself under
medical treatment and conquer the desire for
the drug. There are a number of institutions
that treat patients for thai trouble, but if an
individual is without means he may obtain
relief by application at the City and County
Hospital.
Single Tax— Vulcan, City. The single-tax
people do not propose that the State shall own
all the land and rent it out to the highest bid
der. Their purpose is to "raise all public reve
nues for National, State, county and munici
pal purposes by a single tax upon land values,
irrespective of improvements, and all the ob
ligations of all forms of direct and indirect
taxation."
Will Not Down— L. 8., City. The question,
"What is the premium on a dime of 1894?''
liko Banquo's ghost, will not down. It has
been answered at least half a dozen times in
this department, and in future no notice oi
communications on this subject will be no
ticed. Ko premium has ever been ottered for
dimes of 1894, except for twenty-four of these
coined that year in the San Francisco Mint and
distinguished by the letter S. These two dozen
dimes have never been put in circulation.
Old Stamps— L. 8., City. Without knowing
what the stamps you have are, it is impossible
to state it they are of any value. In order to
be able to determine if any of them are valu
able, a full description of each, color, denomi
nation and figure should accompany the query.
The license of a lafvyer of 1840 is of no value
unless it be that of some very prominent at
torney, and then it would be worth only what
some curiosity hunter might be willing to give
for it.
Yosemite Valley— A. S. , City. Campers who
desire to locate in Yosemite Valley are permit
ted to do so under direction of the guardian of
the valley. There are four roads leading to
the valley: Via Big Oak Flat, from Stockton ;
via Coulterville, from Stockton or Merced ; via
Mariposa, from Merced, and via Raymond,
from the terminus of the railroad. It is said
that the best kept road is the one via Ray
mond. The tolls on the various roads are as
follows: Passengers, $1 each: freight teams,
two animals $2 50, four animals $3 50, six ani
mals $4 50; horsempn, $1 ; pack animals and
footmen, 50 cents each.
The Twentieth Century— H. s. and Old
Sport, City. The first century of the Christian
era began with the year 1 and closed with
the last day of the year 100, so the second cen
tury ' »gan with the year 201 and ended with
300. The nineteenth century began on the Ist
of January, 1801, and will end on the last day
of December, 1900; therefore the twentieth
century will begin on the Ist of January, 1901.
The contention that a century begins with the
even-numbered year is wrong. The first cen
tury began with the year I, and if the second
century had been reckoned from the year 'J(X>
there would have been but ninety-nine years
in the century preceding it.
Language Of Stamps— J. C. X., Hanford, Cal.
The so-called language of stamps, like the
cryptogram, is arranged by correspondents so
that it can be understood only by those using
it. One method is as follows: The placing of
tho stamp on the upper right hand corner
has no sieniiicance. The lower left hand cor
ner is called A, left hand upper corner B, the
right hand lower corner C. A stamp placed
straight up and down at A means "You are my
first choice" ; at B"I long to see you" ; upside
down at A means "There is some one ahead of
you"; at B '-When will you be at home?"; at
C "To-morrow" ; slantwise at A "Cheer up" or
"You may hope"; at B "Watch for papa or
mama," as the case may be. and at C "Never."
Across the Envelope— J. C. X., Hanford, Cal.
If a young lady sends a letter to a gentleman
and writes his name and address across the
face of the envelope and then places the stamp
on the lefthand corner, it means that she
wants to give the post officials all the trouble
she can. In the postoffices the stamp used to
cancel postage stamps is held in the right
hand in order to readily reach the stamps that
are usually placed on the upper rigiithand cor
ner of the envelope. When placed on the left
it requires an extra movement to reach it. The
practice of writing a superscription across the
face of an envelope or diagonally is a silly one
and it should not be encouraged. It serves no
purpose but that of annoying postal clerks
and mail carriers.
Mixing Claims— S., El Dorado Canyon, Xev.
In the case of the Golden Fleece against the
Cable Consolidated Mining Company, reported
in the twelfth Nevada reports, it was held that I
"the record is to be provided for and its effects !
determined by the local laws or regulations of !
miners in the respective mining districts, and
if they fail to provide for a record then none
is required." Section 2322, Unites States Stat
utes, says:
The locators of all mining locations heretofore
made and which shall hereafter be made on any
mineral vein, lode or ledge, situate on the public
domain, their heirs and assigns, where no adverse
claim exists on the 10th of Btay, 18 . 2, so long as
they comply with the laws of the United States,
and with Mate, Territorial* and local revelations
not in conflict with the laws of the United States
governing their possessory title, shall have the
exclusive right of possession and enjoyment.
A Man's Residence— C. K. and a. S., City.
A man can only vote in the place in which he
claims his residence. The law of this State
says:
Every person baa. In law, a residence. In deter
mining the place of residence the following rules
are to be observed : First— lt is a place where one
remains when not called elsewhere for labor or
other special or temporary purpose and to which
he returns in seasons of repose. S«cond— There
can be only one residence. Third— A residence can
not be lost until another is gained.
For the purposes of election the law reads :
That place (residence) must be considered and
held to be the residence of a person in which his i
habitation is fixed, and to which, whenever he ia
absent, he has the intention of returning. The i
place where a man's family resides must be held '■
10 be his residence; but if it be a place of temporary
establishment for his family or for transient ob- '
jects it is otherwise. It a maa has his family fixed 1
in one place and he dots business in another, the
former must be considered his place of residence- i
but any man having a family and who has taken '
up his abode with the intention of remaining and i
whose family does not reside with him, tbat must i
be regarded as a residence where he has so taken
up his abode.
The New Navy-J. L. J., City. The following
is a list of the new navy of the United States,
the name of each vessel, when the keel was
laid and the cost of each: Ajax. 18G2, $020,
--582; Amphitrite, 1874; Brooklyn, 1893, 82,
--986,000; Cauonicus, 1862, $622,963; Catskill,
1862, $427,767; Comanche, 1862, $613,165;
Indiana, 1891, $2,020,000; lowa. 1893, $3,
--010,09 0; Jason. 1862, $422,707; Katahdin,
1891, $930,000; Lehigh, 1802, 9423,796;
Maine, 1888, $2,500,000; Manhattan, 1862,
$628,879; Massachusetts, 1891, $3,020,000-
Miantonomoh, 1874; Mohopah, 1882, «635,
--735; Monadnock, 1874; Montauk, 18U2. $423,
--027; Monterey, 18&3, $1,628,950; Nahant,
18U2, $413,515; Nantucket, 1868, $-108,091:
New York. 1890, $2,985,000; Oregon,
1891, $3,180,000; PftSMlO, 1H62, $423,172;
Puritan, 1875; Terror, 1874; Texas, 1889, *2 -
500,000; Wyandotte, 1H62, $633,328; Atlanta,
1883, $617,000; Baltimore, 1887, $1,325,000;
Bancroft, 1891, $250,000; Bennington, 1888,
$490,000; Boston, 18S3, $619,000; Castinc,
1891,,$218,000; Charleston, 1387, $1,017,000;
Chicago, 1883. $889,000; Cincinnati, 1890
$1,100,000; Columbia, 1890, $2,725,000; Con
cord, 188S, $490,000; Detroit, 1890, $612,500-
Dolphin, 1883, $315,000; Helena, 1894, $280 -
000; Machias, 1891, $318,000; Marble
head, 1890, $674,000; Minneapolis, 1890,
$2,690,000; Montgomery, 1890, 9812,500:
Nashville. 1894, $280,000; Newark,
SI 248,000; Olympia, 1830, 5R1. 795.000;
Petrel, 1887, $247,000; Philadelphia, 1888,
*1 325,000; Raleigh, 1889, $1,100,000
Francisco, 188S, $1,428,000; Vusuvh:*, J *s7,
$350,000; Wilmington, 1894,$ 280,000; York
town, 1887, #455,000. On the Amphitrite,
Miantonomoh, Monadnock, Puritan unrl Ter
ror there lias bean allowed for the completion
of these vessels an appropriation of $3,1 *H,O4fJ.
Torpedo-Doats — Cushing, 1592, $82,750;
Ericsson, 1892, $113,500: Stiletto, $25,000. In
addition there are two battle-ships under con
struction, six gunboats under contract and
three torpedo-boats, the keels of which were
laid in 1895. Cleveland was President from
March, 1885, to March 1889, and he has been
in office again from March. 1893, to date.
LADY'S ROUND WAIST.
Here is one of the charmingly simple waists
extremely stylish in itself and capable of being
elaborated to any extent desirable by accesso
ries and trimmings of various kinds. The
sailor collar is made detachable. The small
views show the appearance of the waist with
out the collar,
A waist of figured si'.k had a sailor collar of
black mousseline desoie. This was edged with
a pleating oi the same muslin. Two very narrow
insertions of Valenciennes lace were set off an
inch apart, the first an inch from the edge. A.
white satin stock collar was linished with bow
at back. In the front wen a bow eUect of Val
enciennes lace set on as shown in picture.
The gathers were covered with jet buttons.
A waist of black crepon, with =kirt to match,
had a sailor collar of white batiste with trim
mings of narrow Valenciennes lace. Pale green
Dresden ribbon with llowers of bright colors
formed crush belt and collar.
These, with sailor collar, were detachable.
Extremely stylish are plain white cuffs and
collar of linen, detachable or lace.
A brown serge dress was made perfectly
plain, the only trimming being a band of greefi
spajigles set on either side of front and around
bottom of waist.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
"1 tell you," said an ardent Prohibitionist to
a friend, "ex-Governor St. John is the right
sort of a man. He sticks up to his principles.
He says he will never leave Kansas so long as
a drop of whisky is left in the State."
"Gracious!" was the reply: "is he as fond of
liquor as that?"— Pitts-bburg Chronicle-Teie
graph.
Buy your underwear, hosiery, etc., at Pioneer
Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth street. *
Overlooked the Comma.— Little Mamie read
on her Sunday-school card, "God makes, pre
serves and keep us."
Looking up suddenly she said: "Mammi,
wha' do you s : pose he does with 'em all."
"With what, my dear?"
"Why, all those preserves."— Philadelphia
American.
Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c to 40c. 813;,' 4th,
nr. barber; Sun. 738 Market (Kast shoestore).*
Fpeciax Information rtniiy to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pres*
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 610 Montgomery. ■
Frau A.— Frau Neumann is an extremely tidy
sort of person, don't you think?
Frau B.— l should think she was! The other
day a burglar got into her house and the Sot
thing she did was to ask the man if he had
wiped his feet on the mat.— Unsere Gcsell
schaft.
Was is declared against disease by Hood's Sarsa
parilla, which p'irifles, vitalizes and enriches the
blood. Pure blood means good health, and the way
to have pure blood is to take Hood's Sarsaparllla.
" Mrs. TViiißloWg Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth*
ers for their children while Teething with perfeat
success, It soothes the child, softens the gums, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Dowel*
and is the best remedy for Di&rrhceas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. .For sale by
Druggists in every part of the world. Be sure aril
ask lor Jlrs. Winslow'a Soothing Syrup. Ma i
bottle. ' \V i
Cobonado.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, sof:
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists con
mo* further north. Round-trip tickers, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $t>o; longer stay $12 30 per day. Apply
4 New Montgomery St.. San i'ra-icisco.
NEW TO-DAY.
Ji Tobacco users say. Ah! maybe you say
<t 30 yourself. There are millions like"
] i you, with what physicians call a "TO- !
« I BACCO NERVE"— that is, your nerv-<
1 1 cus system is completely under to&ac- !
<\ Co' 3 narcotic stimulant, and when you
!» say,"l CAN'T QUIT," you tell the truth, j
i | . " The natural way is to treat the diseased <
S nervous system by using |
|no j HAKES' IT i
|i|3AO EASY, @
\\ acts directly on (he tobacco-irritated i
s nerve centres, destroying the nerve \
1 1 craving effects, builds up and improves <
j> theentire nervous system. Makes WEAK {
1 1 ■■ . • MEN STRONG. Many report a gain of <
Ji \ ten pounds in ten days. You run no
i ; physical or financial risk— NO«TO«BAC <
] i •; told cinder your own ; ;
:DBOaGiS7S 6UARANTEE.
' i -Every druggist Is authorized to sell !
i Ko-To-Bac under absolute guarantee
i to cure every form of tobacco using. '
■ i Our written guarantee, free sample of ',
, No-To-Bac and booklet called, '•Don't
, Tobacco Spit and Smoke Your Life
1 1 Away," mailed for the asking. Address
1 , THE STERLING REMEDY'CO Cni?
cago. Montreal. Can.. New York. 66 '
OASCARETsagpgaratfa
Itß ... . Friday,, January 3lst.
|g Sonoma * Preserve Co.'s
IJ Pickles, medium size bot-
IM tie, mixed or plain Chow,
jfj only 15 cents.
I /I Smiths' Specials save you money
IW ■ every day this week.
j$ Smiths 1 Cash Store, S ;P.
■** 41 *> 4 16,41 8 FRONT ST., S.F.FRIDAY JANUARY 31. 1W
AMUSEMENTS.
California Thkatkk-" InOld Kentucky."
lAii»wiN iHEATEF-Grand Opera Season—
aionrtay. February 3. " Aida.''
( oixmria Theatvk- -Men and Women."
>!.)Rosi-o's on ka-Hot-sk— •• ThP Editor."
i.i OiTf-A-Hiu^K. — "Ixlon: or, The Man of
.irel."
Cktheum.— llich-Class Vaudeville.
bSOVEK*a a icazak.-"A Canting Scoundrel."
N>\v 'Tshst. Theatek. — "Uncle Tom
Cabin." commencins Sunday Matinee, February 2.
QOUWM Hate H ALU-Lecture by Mr. J. J.
Worse of London, on Friday evening, January 31.
at 8 o clock.
Golden Gate HALL-Symphony and Popular
Concerts, Friday, January 31, at 3:16 P. M.
Cooper MediVal College.— Lane Lectures. ■
Shoot thk Chctes- Daily at Halght street,
one block east Of the Park.
1 a v I'ii-tk]' i 1 back.— Ropps to-day.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Corinthian Yacht Club has incorporated.
The Weather Bureau predicts lair weather
for to-day.
P. B. Hewletfi will was filed for probate yes
terday. He leaves $60,000 to relatives.
Mrs. Helen M. Cougar will give temperance
addresses in this City on March 13, 14 and 15.
Dr. Carlo? Martyn will lecture on "The
New Woman" at Central M. E. Church Sunday
afternoon.
A. R Frown of Los Angeles reports that
fheep are starving by the thousands in Santa
Barbara County.
William Donovan and J. S. Swan addressed
the Thirty fourth AssemDly District Republi
can Club last night.
Mnyor Sutro signed the order prohibiting the
Mle of burial lots in the cemeteries within the
City limits yesterday.
Neal Hughes, who was married to Miss
Mabel Tyler in Chicago in ISO 4, is suing to
ntve his marriage annulled.
f'harges of drunkenness and gravely Insult
ing behavior on the part of Captain Healy
were investigated yesterday.
The Grand Jury will be asked to investigate
the acts of F. A. Hyde while acting as presi
dent of the Bourd of Education.
Belle of Stonewall. Sam Leake, Hidago,
Howard P, All Over and Ida Saver captured
race.- at the Bay District yesterday.
The Supreme Com* has decided a knotty
problem in horse-trading between Thomas li".
Williams, Mike Kelly and Porter Ashe.
■ Dobhertin, the sculptor, has presented
the Press Ciub with a bust of J. Ross Jackson,
one of the founders of the organization.
Ernest Scheerer is suing Richard I. Whelan
: .1 J. \V. 'i.mmlv in lor :?sriOO for attaching his
property on Channel and Ninth streets.
Edward W. Townsend wa« received by the
is Club yesterday and entertained the
ladies, with readings from his own books.
Mr>. J. Br-.mer, a member of the commit
tee on inspection of public institutions, replies
to Pr. Weil about the Receiving Hospital.
Bernard Donnelly. 1901 Fillinore street,
swore out a warrant yesterday lor the arrest of
J. F. Ramacciotti on the charge of forgery.
Judge Campbell severely censured Policeman
Mangan yesterday for using unbecoming lan
guage to Joseph Hall, a boy, whom he arrested.
J. A. Filcher, manaeer of the Stale Board of
Trade, has returned from Atlanta and tells of
the victories won by California at the big ex
•n.
The Street Committee of the Board of Super
ias agreed t o recommend the surveying,
sewering and grading of the district south of
the park.
T;ie preparation* for the Mardi Gras ball at
the Hopkins Art Institute on the ISth are
■ ■ li under way, and all the committees
have been appointed.
\ warrant was sworn out yesterday by Mrs
Madeline Phyhooff, 204 Turk street, for the
Iward J. Linforth on the charge of
intimidating awitnt>s.
Ihf Sir.ro road will be formally opened to
w morning. The Supervisors and officers
company and of the sinter-street line
c the Mayor's guests.
The old Pol herous suit against Charles Mayne
•ii revived against his executors. With
i r ncipal and interest, it involves $1,500,000
H is estate is worth £500,000.
Dr. Well, head surgeon at the Receiving Hos
have Mrs. J. XV. Bruner
oi the Woman's Federation indicted by the
brand Jury for criminal libel.
The Fire Commissioners yesterday organized
encT companies from tne mechani
tln- department, a> authorized by
- '51 of the Board ff Supervisors.
- stated yesterday by a southern Pacific
that H. K. Huniiugton wns on his way
to Kentucky, n here be will light the bill to re
voke the railway's charter in that State.
Marguerite Laplace is suing her son, Pierre
I.iip'.ace, for $5 a month as maintenance. Her
two other children pay :?5 a month each, ned
she asks the court to compel the defendant to
<lo likewise.
The Charity Company will give "7-20-8" at
aditorinm within a fortnight as a bene
-1 • for ih? Kinp's Daughters' Home forlncur-
Thf- proceed? will be applied upon the
: g fund for that institution.
tell Warren, who was foreman of the
( importnc department of the chronicle for
many years, was found usj>h yxiatert i:i his
n: .;j<i H'ls'.m street, jester-lay fore
•■scd he committed suicide.
Rev. Father Cummins lectured at Metropoli
tan Temple last night on "A Trip Through ths
Holy Land." Big lecture was one of the Cath-
Educattdnal Union's course, and was heard
by an audience that entirely filled the hou<e
retarT Head of the Mnnufacturers 1 and
Prod. - lation has cent a letter to the
Mechanics' lnstitute in winch he says theas
leclliieato assist the' institme
in making th. next Mechanics' tair a success
Stockholders of the Altenheim, the German
:efof O'd people, held their
iT'imal meeting hince the establishment
Institution, and elected new directors
■<t the officers showed the organ i
zation to be in fine financial condition.
The local fire underwriters have determined
on going to Monterey next Tuesday for the
«c of holding undisturbed sessions there
.-y.nize a compact on rates. They could
not agree in the City, as business constantly
interfered with their attendance at meetings.
In the suit for $825,000 of the Carson City
Mining Company against the North Star Min
:n^ Company, involving the extra lateral
r.ghisof the latter corporation, United States
< ircult Judge Beatty has tafcen the question of
the admissibility of evidence under advise
ment until Saturday.
Emil H. Popel, assistant cashier of the New
"} ork Life Insurance Company at St. Louis who
:•• charged with having embezzled $8000, was
*-een at the races in this City. The American
Surety Company, which secured him on heavy
bonds, has been searching for him lor some
days. He squandered the stolen coin on pools.
A Collector in Trouble.
Thomas Chessman, 120 Chattanooga street,
swore out a warrant in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday for the arrest of C. E. Kinard,
a collector living in Oakland, on the charge of
embezzlement and obtaining money by false
j.retenses. iCinard, Chessman alleges, called
upon his wife and informed her that he had
tiled a ifarnishmpnt upon his wages to secure
at/liof ¥125. He demanded $10 to pay the
costs and Jp7 50 on account of the bill. As his
uiaMicr was threatening Mrs. Chessman paid
the money, which Kinard applied to his own
use.
NEW TO-DAT.
In Curing
Torturing
Disfiguring
Skin Diseases
Works Wonders
Sold thrtmfrhnnt the world. Itriti'h depots T. New-
tURT It So**, I, Kiac-K<iw«r<J-«t., London. Potteb
Dbco l. Cusmical Mar* Sole Prop*-, Bo<tOß, U. 8. A.
--■:.- •-■■■'*
DR. WEIL IS ON
HIS METTLE
Resents the Strictures on
Him and the Receiving
Hospital.
PROMPT ACTION TAKEN.
District Attorney Consulted as to
Indicting Mrs. Bruner for
Criminal Libel.
MRS. BRUNER IS INDIGNANT.
She Reiterates Her Charges, but the
Woman's Federation Will Not
Support Her.
Mrs. J. W. Bruner was very angry yes
terday. There was lightning in her
glance, and she would have been in no
wise sorry if that lightning had struck Dr.
Weil of the Receiving Hospital.
Mrs. Bruner was a member of a
committee appointed by the Woman's
Federation for Public Good to inspect pub-
lie institutions. The committee, which
consisted of Mrs. Bruner, Mrs. F. G. Fair-
banks and Mrs. i). K. Farr, made its first
visit to the Receiving Hospital on Wednes-
day of last week. It discovered points of
strength and weakness in the administra
tion of affairs, and Mr^. Farr was over-
heard to refer to the matron's work as an
example of the former. The members of
the committee were surprised to find their
report 10 the federation published the fol
lowing morning. The premature an
nouncement was attributed for some rea-
! son to Dr. Weil, and Mrs. Bruner has
shown anything but a pacific inclination
toward the physician since.
She acted as spokeswoman for the com
mittee at the meeting of the federation on
Monday and pointed out, in characteristic
manner, what she considered abuses in the
institution. She deplored the fact that
beardless youths are employed there in
stead of graybeauis, objected to the lack
of privacy in the op?ratmg-room, where,
she believed, that women should be more
I protected from the gaze of passersby, and
i made some reference to the condition of
the surgical instruments.
The lady's wrath against Dr. "Weil as the
alleged inspirer of the newspaper article
might have smoldered into nothingness
had it not been for the interview witti Dr.
Weil published in yesterday's Call, in
which the doctor said that the ladies
meant well, but might know more of sur
gery than they do. Mrs. Bruner'a indig
nation rose when she read this.
"The whole trouble came from those
young doctors making reports to the news
papers instead of leaving us to make them
to the federation," said Mrs. Bruner.
'Their reports were not in accordance
with facts.
"Dr. Weil accuses us of ignorance of sur-
J gieal instruments. Well, we certainly had
I no more knowledge when we left than
, when we arrived. All the information we
i received was from Joseph Moean, the
i under steward. There was no physician
! there to instruct us. The under steward
j took down a razor and said: 'That wouldn't
cut, anyway.' We asked: 'What is it for?'
and lie answered, 'To shave heads in case
of scalp wounds? , but it doesn't cut; it pulls
out uy the roo .' One of us said: 'It is an
instrument of torture,' and he agreed that
it was. He showed us some forceps ana
remarked that they were ineffective be
cause they were liable to slip from the
arteries. He told us there was not a decent
instrument among them and that .SIOOO
would replace them with a proper set. We
have nothing against the matron. She
received us kindly. But we regretted that
we called on what seemed to be the funeral
| day of the institution. It was strange that
all of the friends of the physicians were
dead or dying.
"We are informed that the place is in
charge of men. We would be glad to
j know what days the men are there, so
I that we may call at some other time than
I the boys' days."
Mrs. Brnner was angry. The habitues
of the hospital discovered that when srie
called to examine the records to ascertain
whether Dr. Weil was reaily present when
he affirmed that he was she claimed that
the register made some startling revela
tions as to the internes' practice of regis
tering for their superiors.
The Woman's Federation deplores the
misunderstanding.
Dr. Conrad Weil, head surgeon at the
Receiving Hospital, says he does not in
tend to quietly submit to the strictures
made upon him personally and the man
agement of the hospital by the committee
of the Woman's Federation who visited
the hospital and reported the result to a
meetin" on Monday night.
HecaJed upon District Attorney Barnes
yesterday and submitted the articles that
have appeared in the press relating to the
visit of the ladies, with the object of hav
ing Mrs. Bruner indicted by the Grand
Jury for criminal libel.
District Attorney Bnrnes told the doctor
that he would carefully peruse the arti
cles, and if he found any ground therein
for criminal libel, he would at once lay the
matter before the Grand Jury.
Dr. Weil has also requested the Board of
Health to make a full investigation into
the charges brought by the ladies at the
very earliest opportunity.
"I ao not propose," said Dr. Weil yes
terday, "to allow any woman or any man
to charge me with direct falsehood when
there is not the slightest ground for it
Why this woman should deliberately make
statements which she must know are not
in accordance with facts is a puzzle to me.
"Her talk about boys being in the hospi
tal is all nonsense. On the day the thr.-e
ladies visited the hospital, a week ago yes
terday, they were received by Dr. Kinne,
who wears a bushy beard and mustache.
He escorted them to my office and I told
him to give them every facility for obtain
ing all the information tliev wanted. He
returned with them to the hospital and
just about that time— l:4o p. m.— Dr. Bun
nell, who also wears a beard and mustache,
was attending to a case as the record
shows the time as 1:42.
"Dr. Fitzgibbon and Dr. Helms relieve
Drs. Bunnell and Kinne at 1:45 P. M., but,
as I explained before, Dr. Fitzgibbon was
absent that day at the funeral of a relative.
Dr. Helms, however, who wears a mus
tache, reported on duty at 1:45. No case
came in till 3:15. Meantime Dr. Helms
hat! received a dispatch, which he still has
in bis possession, that his mother was se
riously ill, and I gave him permission to
leave so that he could catch a train, and I
told the steward to call me by telephone if
any case came in betore Drs. Thompson
and Stice reported on duty at 3:4">. Two
cases came in, one at 3:15 and the other at
3:26, and I attended to them both, and the
ladies were in the hospital at the time.
They were also there when Drs. Thompson
and Stice reported on duty, and Dr.
Thompson was talking with Mrs. Farr for
.-ome time about a Chinese insane patient
in whom she was interested. These are
fact? that can be substantiated.
"Mrs. Bruner asserts that the records at
the hospital have b.en falsified. That is
not true. She bases her charge upon what
she saw in the register when she and some
other ladies visited the hospital last even
ing. She made the glaring mistake of
examining the records on January 7 in
THE SAN FRAISI CISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
stead of on January 22, the day they
visited the hospital, and upon wnat she
found on the former date she publicly
brands us with falsifying the records, f f
she had looked at January 22 she would
have found that my statements in The
Call yesterday were correct.
"I understand the ladies blame me for
giving a report to the press for publica
tion on the day of their visit, when the
fact is that no one in the hospital did so.
but a member of the committee herself."
EMERGENCY COMPANIES
Four Organized by the Fire Commis
sioners From the Mechanical Force
of the Department.
The Board of Fire Commissioners yes
terday afternoon organized four emer
gency companies as authorized by order
2951 of the Board of Supervisors. The
companies will be made up from the me
chanical force of the department, and
Engineers McKittrick, Conlon, Waters
and McCiuskey, in conformity with the
order, will be detailed to perform the
duties of assistant engineers in addition to
the services required by the four emer
gency companies. The apparatus for the
four companies will be kept at the corpo
ration yards, and on a second, thira,
fourth or general alarm, or two second
alarms at one time, the members of the
companies will report immediately at the
corporation yards for duty.
Thomas Minton of engine 14 was placed
on the retired list at $17 50 per month.
Peter Burke, hoseman of engine 24, ten
dered his resignation and it was accepted.
William Peterson was appointed hoseman
of engine 30. Andrew Ree3e of engine
13 was fined five days' pay for riding on a
streetcar and presenting his fire badge to
the conductor, saying that he was going to
a fire when there was no fire. Thus by
Baying a nickel he has had to lose five
days' pay.
WILL MEET AT MONTEREY.
Local Insurance Managers Leav
ing the City to Effect a
Union.
They Failed to Organize a Compact in
Town and Will Try Again
in the Country.
The general managers of the fire insur
ance companies are on the verge of de
spair over their futile efforts at organizing
a compact among themselves to raise rates
and maintain the cost of policies at a
standard to be observed by all. Though
each and every one of these underwriters
is painfully aware of the fact that business
j in fire insurance has been demoralized on
! this coast, yet they cannot discern a way
out of the dilemma.
They met December 3, after having in
formally discussed the situation, and
j forthwith began permanent organization
of a compact. This new society was called
the Pacific Insurance Union, and with a
! code of by-laws and rules presented by the
i committee on legislation its members set
tled down to work. There was such a
unanimity of sentiment regarding the ne
cessity of this new compact that general
managers freely declared that nothing
could stop its formation.
Rates were demoralized so badly, busi
ness had gone from bad to worse with the
general agents — that is, trom the point of
view assumed by those gentlemen. And
I so without the compact there was no hope
j for improvement. The compact with
j rigid rules all agreed, should be estab
lished and maintained at any price.
Then the general managers held meetings
twice a week. Sometimes an extra weekly
| session was necessary. The greatest en
thusiasm and sincerity were brought into
i play, but to little purpose. Some points j
' arose upon which an agreement seemed |
j utterly impossible. The business seriously
! interfered with the sessions of the coni
! pact, as at one time some members could j
' not attend, and, again, others were com- !
: pelled to leave in the middle of a debate ;
that they might keep important business j
engagement*.
But at last all business and social ap
j pointments for several days after next
| Monday were canceled by mutual consent
! of tne general managers, who have de
! cid^d to go into country retirement Tues- j
i day afternoon.
The managers of nearly all the fire in- j
i surance companies having agencies in San •
, Francisco have, in following out this plan, '
■ made up their minds on going to the j
; Hotel del Monte at Monterey Tuesday.
| No time is to be wasted, or spent in social
; pleasures at the hotel, but on the contrary
! th* insurance men will hold morning,
i afternoon and evening sessions in a good |
; linal effort to agree on laws and rules for
; the compact.
The items of compensation to city j
, agents, and Questions of commission and >
! salaries will, it is understood, be the main '
| causes of contention ; but of the facts little I
| is known by anybody except the insur- |
} ance men themselves, who have given !
; mutual pledges to observe as a strict |
; secret everything connected with the I
Monterey gathering. It is believed by '
some of the most active participants in
i the movement that two, or at most three
! days, will suffice for the work at Monterey,
| inasmuch as if an agreement cannot be j
i efiected in that period, no compact can !
j be formed at all.
HELEN M. GOUGAR COMING.
Activity at the Woman's Christian Tein- ■
perance Union Headquarters.
The Woman's Christian Temperance |
Union headquarters is the scene of unu
sual activity at present.
Preparations are being made for lectures
by Mrs. Heien M. Gougar on March 13, 14
and 15, and for the series which will be
given by John G. Woolley in May. Ar
rangements will be made for appointments
by both speakers in other parts of the
State. It is not too early for preliminary
arrangements lor the National Woman's
Christian Temperance Union, which will
be held in November. Energetic efforts
are being made to increase the member
ship in order to make a good showing at
that time. It is expected that tiiere will
be between 400 and 500 delegates in attend
ance. Miss Frances Willard and Lady
Henry Somerset will be the brigutest stars
in the galaxy.
This evening there will be a "scissors
party" at the headquarters, for which 500
invitations have been issued.
■» — ♦— •
Kx-Firemen Organize.
Tbe Ex-Firemen's Mutual Protective Asso
ciation was organized Wednesday evening at
371 N atom a street. Two hundred ex-firemen
signed the membership roll. The following
officers were unanimously elected: President
James Ward; vice-president, George Smith
secretary. Victor Demartini; treasurer, Wil
liffm Casey; sergeants- at- arms— John Mc-
Caully, James Finn. William Brown. The as
sociation will be a political as well as a bene
ficial organization, and the members are band
ing themselves together preparatory to the
next election.
• — ♦ — •
For Home Products.
The secretary of the Manufacturers and
Producers' Association has written to the
Board of Supervisors of Sacramento County
with reference to the purchase of medicines
etc., for the County Hospital. He says that
the call for bids specifies many goods of East
ern brand and requests that the schedule be
amended so as to specily the quality, quantity
etc.. instead of the brand. This will give Cali
fornia dealers and manufacturers an oppor
tunity to bid for the contracts.
Got. Six Months.
John St. Clair, Everett street, was sentenced
by Judge Low yesterday to six months in the
County Jail for cruelty to his seven-year-old
daughter Sadie. St. Clalr's attorney gave no
tice of appeal, and St. Clair was released on
furnishing $200 cash bail.
WITH THE SNAKE DANCERS
Gruesome Experiences of G. W.
James in the Pueblos of
the Moquis.
HE DEANK A POISON SPECIFIC.
The Bitten Indians Did Not Mind the
Bites at All— The Strange
After-Stupor.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yester
day was G. W. James of Pasadena, who
has been visiting the Moqui Indian snake
dancers in Arizona.
Mr. James spent some time there. He j
visited many villages or pueblos of the I
Moquis, traveling for the most part on I
horseback. Several friends were with him.
Long before they got back they were al
most as bronzed as the wild aborigines
they went to see.
The villages they visited were on the
G. W. James, Now Here, Who Had Grim Experiences With the Mogul Snake j
Dancers.
edeesof the desert, from twenty to fifty
miles northeast of Flagstaff, and near the
Grand Canyon of the Colorado. The
country there is extremely wild. In all
seven villages were visited.
It was at the villages of Masbongnavi
and Wai pi, on the Moqui reservation, that
Mr. James saw the snake-dancers. The
former village is on the first mesa, and the
latter probably 1000 feet higher on the
second.
He had throuph friends got a special
permit from Supeli, the snake chief, to at
tend the festivities. Fully 2000 Indians
were gathered at each village to see tne
snakes and participate in the dance.
"I had long heard of these snake dances
and of the profusion of snakes displayed,"
said he, "but the difficulties were so "great
in believing what was said that I always
discounted them. However, what I saw
was incredible enough.
"The Indians swarmed around an open
and nearly level place in the pueblo, each
with snakes in their hands or entwined
about their necks or bodies. Not infre
quently the Indiana appeared holding
them in their teeth, while the tail lashea
one way and the head the other.
"At Mashongnavi the scene was particu
larly wild. The snakes were nearly all
rattlesnakes, and of all ages and sizes.
Sometimes the Indians were bitten in the
face by the reptiles which they held in
their teeth. But they didn't seem to
mind it.
"I saw them sometimes hold two rattle
| snakes in their teeth, one above the other.
! The reptiles, when they bit the Indians in
the face, as they did a few times, were i
dropped from the teeth and an effort was I
I made to shake them off, but they would
| hold on for some time by their fangs, and '
j thus were shaken and dandled in space.
"The Indians never bothered about the '
bite until some time afterward, when they
j had got through dancing, when they
I would co ana drink a quart of a very bitter
I drink from herbs of some sort, which they
! had prepared. ,
"I drank about a pint of the stuff, too.
I concluded if they could drink well on to
a gallon each of it, as they did before they
got through, I could stand a pint. 1 did
it to see what its effect was. It was awful
stuff,* bo far as the taste went. The effect
was not particularly noticeable.
"When the Indians got through danc
ing they woulql toss their reptiles on the
ground in the center of the circle in one
writhing inaas. Each dance lasted about
thirty-five minutes. When they got
through finally for the day, all the snake
dancers having participated, they threw
off the bitter drink by running the finger !
down the throat, if not sick already by the
drink and exertion.
"Then they went away to their adobe
and stone houses, to fall into a stupor'
which would last for many hours.
"It was an exciting experience. At the i
j other village of Walpi the snake dance
! was carried on in much the same manner.
! The villages are about fifteen miles apart.
"The Indians were very picturesquely
arrayed when not dancing. When they
stole away to sleep they were wrapped in
I their jotsitz, a kind of blanket. I secured
several of these blankets and also a number
of Navajo blankets, so fine that I would
not like to take $150 apiece for them.
"Both Chief Supeli, the snake chief, and
WJki, the antelope chief, whom I also met, i
were fine fellows. They are large, daunt- !
less men, whom to see is to like. I was
used in the mosV courteous manner by
them."
Mr. James is here on a business trip
and will remain several days. He thinks !
no one should fail to see the Moqui snake
dances if such a thing is possible. The
dances are weird and interesting beyond
words.
DESERVED COMPLIMENT.
Saturday Morning Club Benefit ■ Set for
Monday veiling, Febru
„ ary 17. .
In view of the fact that the young ladies
of the Saturday Morning" Club '.'.-; have al
ways been ready to respond when asked to
appear for the benefit of others friends of
that excellent organization have suggested
that a performance ought to be given ; for
the benefit of the club. The letter addressed
i to the president, Mrs. S. S. Wright, con
-1 tainitig the suggestion is signed by Charles
I Webb Howard, A. B. McCree'ry, F. A.
| Hyde, J. H. Raihbone, W. C. Little, Wil
liam Alvord. William Thomas, E. J. Mc-
Cutcheon, W. S. Jones, E. Bosqui, H. P.
! Tevis, G. W. McNear, Pelham W. Ames
and others. Mrs. Wright has signified the
acceptance of the offer by the young ladies
and has designated Monday evening, Feb
ruary 17, at Metropolitan Temple, as the
time and place for the concert.
SCHOOLS DAMAGED.
The Big Storm Cost the Department
Several Thousand
Dollars.
The Buildings and Grounds Committee
of the Board of Education has just finished
an inspection of the schoolhouses in the
City with a view to ascertaining the dam
age done by the big storm.
In a report made to the board it is stated
that the loss will be about $3000, and that
in the present state of the funds of the
committee repairs cannot be begun until
the summer vacation.
The Pacific Heights Grammar School
and Polytechnic High School were found
to have been damaged to the extent of
$500 each, while the bulkhead of the Cooper
Primary School was found to have caved
to such an extent as to render it unsafe.
The Denman and Columbia Grammar
schools and the Garfield and Lafayette
Primary schools were reported to be in
bad condition.
The report also states that the bitumen-
ous pavement at all the schools is in poor
shape.
SPRING VALL EY EXPENSES
Disbursements Greater Than Re
ceipts During the Past
Year.
The Annual Report to the Board of
Supervisors Shows a Loss of
Over $16,000.
According to a statement of its financial
I affairs filed with the Board of Supervisors
j yesterday the Spring Valley Water Com
i pany lost $16,485 during the year ending
I January 1, 1806.
A bout this time each year the Board of
Supervisors prepares an ordinance fixing
j water rates for the ensuing twelve months
j and the company is expected to give them
[ complete figures on which to base the esfi
! mates. The principal figures in the report
; liled yesterday are as follows:
j From water rent of private con-
I Burners $1,548.834 77
From water rent of City and County. 137, 2H5 73
From waste tine* 1.853 90
From other sources 19,309 75
Total income f1,707,234 15
The disbursements were reported as fol
lows:
For operating expenses f376,8'26 72
Fortaxen 102,165 84
Forinterest 533,738 14
Dividends paid 711, i) jit 00
Total disbursements $1,723,718 70
The correctness of the report is certified
toby the oath of Charles Webb Howard,
president of the company.
The difference ot over $16,000 between
the receipts and disbursements figures as a
loss, but in view of the fact that dividends
amounting to $711,000 were paid during the
year, it is not believed that the company is
in very serious financial difficulties.
The report shows that during the year
$485,910 20 was expended in permanent im
provements.
League of the Cross.
Next Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock the an-
I nual rally of the Third district of the League
j oi the Cross will be held at Odd Fellows' Hall,
1 Seventli street. The district Is one of the largest
in the league, and comprises All Hallows, St.
Teresa's, St. Mary's (Paulist), St. Patrick's, St.
Bre ndan's and St. Rose's parishes. The vari
ous brunches will assemble in their respective
I parishes and will parade: to Odd Fellows' Hall,
company C, First Regiment, L. C. C, of St.
' Patrick's, and Company H, First Regiment,
! L. C. C. of St. Brendan's parishes will act as
escort. An appropriate programme will be
presented, and will include an address on tem
perance by Rev. J. P. Ferguson, the well
known orator of St. Patrick's parish, who is
said to have pronounced ideas on this subject.
A feature will be the essay contest, in whitt) a
! member from each branch will compete for
the district silver medal presented by the ex
ecutive committee. This will entitle the win
ner to represent his entire district at the grand
j rally to be held at the Mechanics' Pavilion in
i August next, the contest on that occasion to
j be decided by Archbishop Riordan, who will
Firesent a handsome gold medal to the success
ul essayist.
— • — ♦ • .
Military Instruction.
The non-commissioned officers of Company
B, City Guard, First Infantry Regiment, of this
City, have organized a school of instruction,
which held its first meeting last Tuesday even
ing. A paper was read by Sergeant H. B. Tay
lor, the subject of which was "Discipline.""
After the reading the subject was discussed.
This is the only organization of the kind in
tne State, and will prove of much benefit to the
company in particular and the guard in gen
eral. Regular meetings will be held on the
third Tuesday of every month. The next paper
will be read by Corporal Philip Barman.
This company now has its full complement
of officers, a second lieutenant having been
elected last Monday evening in the person of
A. F. Ramen, for many years first sergeant of
the company.
■ "The Country Fair."
James A. Oarfield Woman's Relief Corps
21 will celebrate its tenth anniversary at So
cial Hall, Alcezir building, on the 11th prox.
"The Country Fair" is the form of entertain
ment to be provided for the occasion.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT.
Narrow Escape of the Ship
Wachusett During the Re
cent Gales.
THROWN ON HER BEAM ENDS.
Extra Hands Had to Be Shipped in
Order to Keep the Pumps
Going.
The vessels that suffered daring the re
cent storms seem to be without number.
Every new arrival has a fresh chapter of
accidents to recount, bnt luckily the Joss
of life has been very slight. The ship Wa
chusett, which got in from Nanaimo, B. C,
yesterday, made the following meager re
port:
Sailed from Nanaimo December 13, 1895.
Put into Clallam Bay on December 14. Sailed
from Clallam Bay December 17.;
On December 19, about eigluy miles south
west of Cape Flattery, had heavy southwest
gales and very heavy southwest squalls, throw
ins: the ship on her beum ends and shifting the
cargo to starboard, giving the vessel a six-foot
list.
Vessel leaking badly and had six feet of
water in the hold. The waves stove in poop
bulwarks and gutted the galley and forecastle,
the sailors losing all their effects, and washing
overboard everything movable on deck.
Put into Port Angeles on December 22 and
lightered 200 tona ot cargo. Made temporary
repairs and shipped an extra crew to man the
vessel and sailed again from Port Angeles on
January 14. Then had a succession of south
east to south-southwest gales for seven days.
The ship was leaking badly during the entire
passage.
Captain Williams, who took the Wachu
sett to Puget bound, did not bring her
home. He did not iike the way things
were going and resigned his command to
Captain Watts. There was trouble with
the vessel and her cargo from the start.
After leaving Nanaimo the crew discovered
that the ship was leaking and they re
fused point blank to take her out through
the Straits of San Juan de Fuca. Four
days later the captain put into ClalJani
Bay and discharged the crew. Once ashore
the men expressed themselves plainly
about the "leaky old box" that they had
just left.
Captain Watts secured a new crew and
made Hnother start for San Francisco. The
ship had barely made her offing when it
began to blow, and it did not take long to
have the Wachusett in distress. She was
tu row n on her beam ends, and not one of
tbe crew expected her to right again.
Eyery tiling was awash, but the sailors
btuck to their posts and finally the ship
was cot about and headed for the Sound
again. Port Angeles was reached and the
necessary repairs made.
When another start was about to be
made the second crew rebelled, on the
ground that the pumps would have to be
kept going all the way to San Francisco,
and that they could not stand the strain.
Captain Watts agreed to tl.eir demands
and shipped extra men. It was a wise
course, as during the run of sixteen days
the pumps were going all the time, and
are still, as the vessel is takiner water rap
idly.
" \Ve had a terrible time of it," said one
of the sailors yesterday. "When the squall
struck us and the waves came breaking
aboard I thought it was all over with us.
We managed to pull through, but I never
want to go to sea. again in th« Wachusett.
After leaving Port Angeles we had not
much time to think about danger, as
every watch had to take its turn at the
pumns. It was a joyful hour when we
sighted the Golden Gate, I can tell you."
The Wachnsett will go to the drydock
after discharging her cargo of coal.
The Pacific Mail Company's Rio de Jan
eiro arrived from Hongkong via Yoko
hama yesterday. She was delayed a cou
ple of hours owing to a blunder made by
Captain Russell. When the steamer was
passing Fort Point Quarantine Officer
Chalmers started out to meet her. Instead
of slowing down the big liner was kept
under a full head of steam, and after a
vain attempt to catch her the doctor got
angry and went to the steamer Welling
ton, which was passing in from British
Columbia. After passing upon her bill of
health Dr. Chalmers went to the Rio de
Janeiro.
The only cabin passengers by the Rio
were Kenead Buxton, M. Fum ikotashi
and wife, Rev. H . B. Price and J. K.
Eveleth. M. Furuakotashi is the new
Vice-Consul from Japan to San Francisco.
He was recently married to the daughter
of -one of the niajor-gener"als who con
ducted the war against China.
The Eastern mails that came by the
steamer missed the overland train and
will have to wait for to-day's express, thus
losine twenty-four hours. There is on
board 474 cases of opium, the duty on
which will net Uncle Sam $116,000.
The British ship Craigmulien, whish
was 215 days out from Singapore for Pisco,
Peru, has arrived in safety. She was
posted as lonfr overdue, and 90 per cent
reinsurance was paiii on her. The British
ship Lord Brassey, from Hongkong for
Puget Sound, has been posted as missing,
and the reinsurance on her will have to be
paid.
The Pacific Coast Steamship. Company
will run a special boat to Mexican ports
this month. There was so much freight
offering that the Willamette Valley could
not handle it all, so the Coos Bay has been
added to the route. Should the business
continue as at present the arrangement
will be made permanent.
California Drydock Case.
The jury of the United States Circuit Court
disagreed in the case of J. J. Cousins against
the California Drydock Company, involving
patent rights to au invention in water-ballatft
caissons.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
' ftlßb. J--B.KIC&TINX Kkelixu Proprietor <x -Uan»ga:
I.ABT UXTIGOEETJS
Of the Brilliant Success,
NEXT MONDAY EVENING, FEB. 3, ,
. A New American Opera,
"THE GENTLE SAVAGE
Book by Estelle Clayton and Nym Crinkle.
- Music by E. I. Darling. . •
INDIAN, MEXICAN, COWBOY BCJENE9.
The '49 Mining Camp Fandango.
Popular Prices— -25c and sOc. •
NEW BUS H-ST. THEATER.
12— PERFORM ANCES— 12
' Commencing Sunday Matinee,' February 2.
Cook Twin ; Sister^ ■ Uncle' Tom's Cabin.
Direct from Academy of Music, Philadelphia. ,
50— People— 59. 20— Ponies, Donkeys, Dogs— 2o
ADMISSION-15, 25, 35, 5O cts'.
Matinees Sundays, Wednesdays, Saturdays.
49" Box Office open 11 a. m. to 4 p. m.
SEE THE BIG PARADE.
GOLDEN GATE HALL.
% Symphony and Popular Concerts by the
San Francisco Symphony Orchestra.
FRIDAY AFTERNOONS AT 3:15.
; -Soloists— B. Mollenhauer.'S. Homer Henley. .
FIRST CONCERT FRIDAY, JAN. 3 .
i Course Tickets on sale at 308 Post street.
He's All Right!
Who's All Right?
Why the man who knows the true value
of sound health, who always keeps his
blood moving and his system toned up to
the highest pitch. He can safely defy the
colds, coughs, grip, chills, pneumonia and
other dangers of winter time. You never
hear him complaining of tired feelings, in-
digestion, nervousness or lack of vitality.
He Is
the man who succeeds because he is always
at his best.
Are you feeling as well as this or are you l
feeling "under the weather," low-spirited
and worn out? If so, why not follow the
example of the thousands who keep their
systems in splendid condition by vising
Duffy's Pure Malt Wniskey? ■ Everybody
who tries it finds it has a wonderful effect
on the circulation; that it gives tone to
every part of the body and adds a zest to
life that nothing else can produce.' This is
because it is riot an ordinary whiskey, but
a pure, healthful stimulant which quickens
the blood, arouses the flagging energies
and makes all who take it feel strong,
healthy and well.
— a— -— —^— — . — mm
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER
Al Haykan & Co.' (lncorporated)..... Proprietors
OPERA SEASON, Co^Fcb;3.
QCATC
IS# NOW
©^ Ol— </A 1 O
lM NOW
3! SELLING
. , For tlie X'amoas MARIE
TAVARY GRMD OPERA
REPERTOIRE FiRST WEEK:
Monday.. :. "AIDA"
sday :.... KM EN"
Wed. Mat, at pop prices, AN GIKI/V
Wednesday Night... "HUGUENOT-."
Thursday .. ". "MIONON"
Friday. ...''OAVAILERIA- RUSTIC AM A"
• ........aiHl"IP I (}LIACCr
Saturday Matinee.... ..."MARTHA"
Saturday Night "LOHKSOBIJI",
REPERTOIRE SECOND WEEK:
Monday. ..."LUCIA" and "CAVALLERIA
HLSTICANA"
Tuesday "MIONON"
Wed. Matinee (at pop. prices)..... "MARTHA"
Wednesday Night »AI DA"
Thursday "CARMEN'"
Friday "FAU.ST"
Saturday Matinee " TJR <) VATORK"
Saturday Night "TANNHAUSKK"
%m' THEATRE '?"^ B
Iti S T T n IN I The Fast Morses
¥?£ OLD The Fanny Picks
WOMEN
!I£ OW * KENTUCKY!
NOTHING APPROACHING
THE CROWDS EVER '
SEEN BEFORE.
Next Monday— CORINNE
In "HENRY HUDSON JR."
k " '."*: ' ' Seats Now Ready. -
Easily, the Best Comedy To-day on the
American Stage.
Theater Crowded With the Fashion of San Fran-
cisco—Delighted—Smiles and Tears Mingled.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
PRICES- 10c, 15c and 25c.
Night Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c, 35c, sOc.
——MONDAY
"ARABIAN NIGHTS" and "JOE'S GIRLS."
. miCOLAIIOtR.<iOrrLOD « r»- itttfj aid rvuiMUJ • • •
YOUR I ATSE
D\YS I NUMBERED
IF YOU WANT TO SEE THE
FRAWLEY COMPANY
"MEN AND WOMEN"
COME— QUICK!
SEATS— ISc, 35c, 50c and 7Sc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America. .
WALTER MOROSCO, Solo Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production In This House of Vincent and
Aldrich's Sparkling Comedy Drama,
"THE EDITOR I"
And of all the Editors in Town
The Most Entertaining I
-Eve-Vino Pbicju— 2so and BOc.
Family Circle and Gallery 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Street. Between Stockton and Po^slL
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
A BRILLIANT AUGMENTED BILL!
MONS. DE BESSELL,
HEELEY AND MARBA,
RACHKL WALKER
A PEERLESS VAUDEVILLE CO.
Reserved seats, 26c: Balcony, lOo: Open cnaln
and Box seats, 60c
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
Corner of Sacramento and Webster streets.
LANE LECTURES.
FRIDAY EVENING.. .;.... JANUARY 31,
DR. C. N. ELLINWOOD.
5U8JECT.......... "TOBACCO"
tO- ADMISSION FREE _B»
NOW THE SUN SHINES
Shoot the Chutes and Trip the Trolley!
Afternoon and Evening.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (including Merry-Go- Round Ride), 10c
CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL SOCIETY
LECTURE by MR. J. J. MORSE of London on
"Some Fundamental Principles of Psychic
Science." Golden Gate Hall, 625 Suttcr St., FRI-
DA V, January 31, at 8 o'clock p. m. Tickets 2&c,
at Sherman «fe Clay's and Doxey's Bookstore.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA~JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, January 23,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK. •
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
- Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
HVi OR MURE HACKS EACH DAY.
■ Races stun at 2 :00 p. m. sharp, s.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the gate.
R. B. JiILROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.,
becre tary. ■ i'resldcaS.
78
M. M. ESTEE WILL SIGN
The Napa Statesman Will In
dorse the Anti-Funding
Memorial.
MAYOE StJTRO WILL ANSWER.
Personal Differences Will Be Buried
Until Washington Hears From
California.
Mr. Estee will sign the memorial to Con
gress prepared by the committee of the
State Anti-Funding Convention. Tnereis
much satisfaction expressed over this on
all sides, and Mr. Estee has gained friends
because of his determination in the mat ter.
It was feared that dissensions between
Mr. Estee and the committee would re
suit in the memorial being forwarded to
Washington minus the signature of the
chairman of the committee, but Mr. Estee
has laid aside his personal feelings in the
matter and yesterday afternoon told
Messrs. Highton and Doyle, over the tele
phone, that he would indorse and sign any
document on the subject that was finally
adopted by trie committee.
Mr. Estee had just reached his office after
a day spent in the Federal courts, and
there was a Call man waiting to put to
him the same question that he answered
over the wire. After nis talk tnrough the
telephone with Messrs. Highton and Doyle
the Napa statesman turned to his inter
viewer and said:
"Yes, sir; 1 shall sign the memorial. I
have just told Doyle and Hiehton that I
would sign whatever document the com
mittee finally agrees upon. I feel that this
is not a time when one can afford td 6tand
on a matter of personal grievance, but
should join in with the committee on any
reasonable platform that shall express the
sentiments of the people of California on
this anti-funding proposition. jffiHj
"Shall I be present at the committee
meeting to-morrow morning in the
Mayor's office? 1 snail be too busy to at
tend. More than that, I have not been in
vited to attend, and if 1 had I could not
and should not go. Mayor Sutro has
chosen to say that he regretted my ap
pointment on the committee, and he has
also taken issue with me on a question of
fact — well, all that is another matter.
What I said in my letter to The Call this
morning 1 meant, every word of it. How- i
ever, 1 have no pride or any personal feel- j
ings in this matter to gratify. It is an im- |
portant subject, ana I have decided to I
Jtand in with the committee. Under the j
circumstances, however, you could hardly
expect me to attend the committee meet- J
ing in the Mayors office to-morrow morn
ing."
There is another side to the story —
Mayor Sutro's 3ide. He said yesterday
that he would make no reply to Mr. Es
tee's letter, published in The Call yester
day, until after the committee meeting to
day. ;■ : :\-%;i
"1 do not want to incumber the anti
funding agitation with any hurtful per- i
tonalities,' he said, "but 1 shall, sooner or '
later, have a reply to make to Mr. Estee. i
He is a man of prominence in the com- j
munity, and lie has accused me of false- ;
hood. The falsehood relates to a matter
of fact; one that can be very easily proven
or disproven. In two instances I have
proven that Mr. Estee did not nave au- j
thority to sign names of other men to his
personal report. Both Judge Gibson and
Mayor Davie declared yesterday that they
pave Mr. Estee, as chairman of the com
mittee, authority to sign their names to i
the document that should be approved by
the whole committee. Evidently Mr. Es
tee is not in possession of all the facts in
the case when he accuses me of falsehood.
Well, we shall see. There is time enough
to settle this personal matter when the
committee has finally forwarded its me
morial to Washington."
As already stated the document that will
come before the committee for action this
morning will consist of all three reports
sent in by Messrs. Estee, Highton and
Doyle, with the amendment of striking out
three very small paragraphs in Mr. Eatee's
document. There will be a brief introduc
tion to the whole memorial, the one that
prefaced Mr. Highton' s report. Then Mr.
Estee's report will follow, and after his
document will come that prepared by John
T. Doyle. Mr. Highton'a entire report
v.ill come in at the end as a conclusion and
summing up of all the facts and arraign
ments. Thus composed, the whole makes
a strong statement and one that cannot
fail to be of influence upon thoughtful and
unprejudiced members of Congress. All
the members of the committee have been
notified of this morning's meeting, and it
is expected that a very large majority of
ail the members will be present at what is
expected to be the last meeting of the
memorial committee of the State anti-
Funding Convention.
TURNER AND SHARKEY.
War to the Knife Ig Declared Between
the White and Black Pugilists.
Charley Turner, the colored champion
pugilist of Stockton, who was at one time
regarded by the sporting fraternity as "a
coming man," is now in this City, and, ac
cording to rumor, carries a can.
Turner used to say in the halcyon days
of pugilism that a pugilist who "packed a
pun was a coward, and "no good" as a
lighter. But times, pugilistically, have
changed, and so have the ideas of the once
pride of the Stockton sports as regards the
etiquette of the so-called manly art of self
deense.
Turner, who has a grievance, states that
he will not rest in peace until he recovers
his lost fiweetl.eart — a white woman who,
tiring of the colored fighter's attentions.
Hew from him to the protecting arms of
the heavy-weight gladiator— Tom Sharkey,
alias the demon puncher of the American
navy.
• i Jove that girl," said Turner to a friend
last evening, "ana you can bet tnat when
I meet Sharkey face to face thar will be
feathers fly ins: in the air. See?
"Sharkry may be a good rough-and
tunible h'chter, but when he fools around
ey Turner's sweetheart then it's time
for rre to declare war.
"I will show this big white man what a
m ientifio pugilist can do with a fellow who
- ins arms liKe a windmill and does
not .know where his fists are going to land.
"Sharkey will be punching big holes in
the air when he is trying to knock the top
of my head off.
"I carry a «un because he may have the
same thine, too, but if he will stick to his
lists I will stay with him until he licks me
or I lick him.
"I want no purse, it's the girl I am after,
nnd if Slmrkey can whip me on the square
lie ran have my darling. I am training
hard for this meeting, and you can bet
that old Charley Turner will make the
light of his life the rirst chance he has of
putting his dark Dunch of fives on the
jaw of Sailor Shartey. I love that girl, I
do, and you unuw when a man fights for
love he fights to. win. No foolishness thi9
time, honey, with Charley Turner. I
mean biz. and Sharkey will find out what
stuff I am ma :« of when he runs across
niv path, see?"
!t was rumored yesterday that Sharkey
tras making preparations for a quick jour
ney to Los Angeles with his confiscated
sweetheart, nut sporting men who are well
acquainted with the heavy-weight slogger
Mated that he will remain in this City
bu:nc time yet, as he has been offered an
mcaj-'enient which he cannot very well
afford to cancel in these rather dull times.
Will >"ot Jl.'iic".
Mrs. Rosalie Hainque has filed a petition to
have Joseph Lacobte removed from the posi
tion of administrator of her husband's estate,
and she asks to have herself appointed in bis
place. She says she never petitioned for La
coste'i appointment, or, if she did, she did not
know what was the paper she was signing.
Lacoste, advised by his attorney, she says, re
fuses to resign, and she wants him removed.
GOOD SAMARITANS.
A Pleasant Musicale for the Benefit
of au Episcopalian
Mission.
There was a fairly large attendance at
the concert given Wednesday night at the
Association Auditorium for the benefit of
the mission of the Good Samaritans, and a
solid phalanx of university students, who
occupied the rear seats, undertook the
pleasant task of supplying a lavish amount
of applause.
The performance began with some good
vocal music by the boy choir, which sang
"A Morning Invitation," by Velzie, and
an "Evening Sone," by Nevin. Mrs. Ger
trude Koble, Miss Jeannette Wilcox and
E. Brown rendered the well-known vocai
trio, ''0 Memory," in a satisfactory man
ner and the University of California Glee
Club won encore after encore for its per
formance of "Ovum Tractum."
Enos Brown sang Spieiier's "This Very
Hour" well, and Miss Jeanette Wilson
gave "Across the Dee' 1 in her usual clever
style. Miss Noble also sang a solo, whicti
aroused a demand for an encore. W. T.
Andrews, the possessor of a pleasant bary
tone voice, sang Sullivan's "My Dearest
Heart" in a way which wop him the un
usual distinction of an encore for the last
number on the programme.
The instrumental numbers, all of which
were well performed, consisted of a violin
solo played by Miss Charlotte Gruenhagen,
some airs arranged for flute solos, which
H. Clay Wysham played cleverly, and a
pianoforte solo, Lintz's "TweJtfth Khap
sodle," rendered by Frederick Biggerstan.
JOY FOR THE SOUTH SIDE.
Supervisors Recommend Survey
ing, Sewering and
Grading.
Bids for Street Sprinkling Recom
mended—Will Grade Lafay
ette Square.
After several years of more or leas pa
tient waiting property-owners south of
the ,iark have at last received some inti
mation that their desire to have that dis
trict surveyed, sewered and graded is to be
granted. A large delegation waited on the
Street Committee of the Board of Super
visors yesterday, to urge their claims and
induce the members to favor immediate
inauguration of the work.
They argued that the section south of
the park is rapidly being settled, and that
the progress of the City in that direction is
being retarded by the fact that no ade
quate surveys have ever been made.
They called attention to the fact that
some of them have paid taxes on their
property for years without being able to
sell or build to advantage on account of
the uncertainty as to the correct lines.
The committee listened to their state
ments and then called fcr the report of
City and County Surveyor Tilton regarding
the cost of surveyingand platting, which
was made at the request of the committee
in July last. This document shows that
the expense of surveying and getting the
district in shape for the real work of grad
ing and sewering will amount to $11,000.
It reads as follows:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors—Gen
tlemen: In compliance with resolution 12,509
of your honorable body, calling on me for
an estimate of the cost of establishing grades
and a system of sewerage for the district
named iv the resolution. I wish to say that I
have made a careful examination of the afore
mentioned district and of the watershed con
tiguous thereto, which must necessarily be
considered a part of the drainage system "pro
posed.
I find that the surveys will extend aloni? the
crest of the hills easterly as far as the Twin
Peaks, over the highest, roughest and most
difficult lands to survey within this County,
comprising with the district named nearly
1000 acres. The paramonnt question is one of
the outlet for the sewerage of this district.
To fully determine this will require much
time and consideration and the running of
m»ny lines and levels. Therefore, I estimate
that to run all the lines and levels", to establish
all necessary bench marks and set all neces
sary stone monuments ko that the grades and
lines can be perpetuated, to prepare all maps,
plans and detail drawings, to make all neces
sary computations for size of sewers, to deter
mine an outlet for sama and for recommend
ing a system of grades and sewers it will cost
$11,000. Charles 8. Tilton,
City and County Surveyor and City Engineer.
The committee decided that, under the
circumstances, the estimate is not too
large and concluded to recommend at the
meeting of the board on Monday next
that the Surveyor be authorized to go
ahead and make the survey and prepare
the necessary maps, plans and specifica
tions. The matter of doing the actual
work of sewering and grading was then
taken up, and it was decided to include in
the committee report a recommendation
that the Superintendent of Streets be in
structed to advertise for bids for the work
as soon as the specifications and estimates
are prepared.
A committee from the Merchants' As
sociation, consisting' of F. \V. Dohrmann.
J. J. O'Brien and C. M. Plum, called on
the committee to see what aclicn would
be taken regarding the committee's re
quest that the" Supervisors take up the
sprinkling of the main business thorough
fares of the City at an early date. The
Street Committee agreed to recommend
that the board advertise for bids under the
specifications prepared by the Merchants'
Association.
It was also agreed, in compliance with
petitions from H. 8. Crocker and City and
County Attorney Creswell, to recommend
that bids be called for for the grading of
I Lafayette Square.
HUGHES WANTS LIBERTY
He Says He Was Married Before He
Was of Age, and So Wu Not
Responsible.
Ural Hughes is suing to have his mar
riage with Mabel S. Tyler annulled, on the
ground that he was not of age of consent
when the marriage took place, and that he
did not have thn consent of his parents.
The marriage took place in Chicago on
March 10, 1894, which was about a month
oefore the groom reached 20 years of age.
Suit is brought through Louis E. Beers,
plaintiff s guardian ad litem.
Hughes and Beers are the two students
who last Juno walked from Los Angeles to
thiß Ctfy in order to attend college at
Berkeley. They are both religious, and
made the expenses of their trip by holding
revival meetings in the towns through
which they passed.
THE COST OF EXCHANGE.
Advice to Bond- Bidder* as to the
Amount to Be Deposited.
A letter of advice has been received by
Assistant United States Treasurer Camp
bell P. Berry at the Sub-Treasury, on
Commercial street, which contains infor
mation much desired by bond-bidders. It
covers the whole question of exchange on
New York, as follows:
Bidders are informed that after receipt of
notification by the Secretary of the Treasury of
the acceptance of their subscriptions they
should deposit with you in gold coin or gold
certificates the amount of the principal,
premium and accrued interest; also deposit in
current funds the cost of exchange on New
York at current rate on day of deposit, but not
in any case less than one-sixteenth of 1 ptr
cent premium. A separate certificate i 6 to be
Issued for the cost of exchange, and the origi
nals 01 both certificates are to be lorwarded 10
this office. The bonds will be delivered to
them at San Francisco, or elsewhere, as they
may direct, as soon as possible after payment
therefor.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
NEW EARTH AND HEAVENS
The Unique Project of Professor
Plummer, the Scientist, of
Tacoma.
MAINTAINING DEEP SECRECY.
The Weather Prophet and His Friends
Are Conferring With Pro
fessor Davidson.
For several days a number of men from
Puget Sound have been at the Russ House
conferring in regard to what was said to
be an extraordinary matter of a scientific
character.
Among the men was Professor F. G.
Plummer, a civil engineer, and F. H.
Heath and W. R. Andrus, all of Tacoma.
The meetings were held in secret, and a
number of scientific men residing here
were asked to confer with the visitors, who
had brought a lot of plans and apparatus
with ihem.
Included in the list of visitors was Pro-
Professor Fred G. Plummer and F. U. Heath, the Former the Noted Weather
Prophet and Author.
[Sketched from life by a "CalV artist.]
lessor George Davidson, the noted engi
neer and astronomer of this City. The
conferences were long, and an air of mys
tery prevailed. Not a word could be ob
tained as to the momentous propositions
that were being evolved.
Professor Plummer, who will be remem
bered as the man who lateiy added a few
feet to Mount Tacoma by a n>w process of
figuring, and who has been quoted at dif
ferent times as a weather prophet, was in
terviewed, as well as his co-worker, Mr.
Heath. They said it was actually true
that they were working on a very import
ant matter, but that they were not yet
ready to give the details of it.
It now appears that they propose to re- j
produce the earth and all the constella- j
tions, including Saturn, Mars, the Miley i
Way; in fact the whole heavens. The
aurora borealls is also to form a prominent
factor, and there are to be falling stars
with all the other auxiliaries going to rep
resent existing creation.
The whole is to be exhibited in a build
ing covering two acres at the forthcoming j
Canadian Dominion Exposition at Mont
real. The reason for the secrecy main
tained, it appears, is because of the desire
to secure certain patents.
Professor Plummer was formerly in
structor in the Annie Wright Seminary at
Tacoma, one of the leading institutions of
that class in the north. He recently wrote
a book of a scientific character dealing
with the motions of the earth. He has
been spoken of a3 a weather-sharp and as
a man calculated, in some respects, to rival
the Signal Service.
In his reproduction of the earth and
heavens he will show the canals which the
famous astronomer, CamilleFlammarion,
maintains have probably been constructed
by the Martial inhabitants. The follow
ing special dispatch sets forth the project
of the scientists at length :
TACOMA. Wash., Jan. 29.— "The heavens
simplified, or the universe in miniature; an
exhibit of an original, interesting and in
structive character," is what Fred G. Plummer,
W. R. Andrus and F. H. Heath are engaged in
and who have organized a company with a
capital stock of $100,000 for the purpose of
displaying their invention. Plummer is a
prominent theos>ophlst. Some months ago he
wrote a book on ' 'The Change of the Earth'n
Axis," attempting the proof of a subject of
which the most learned, scientists are ignorant.
Speaking of the new enterprise to a Call rep
resentative one of the company said:
"The name of the novelty is the mazzaroth,
a Hebrew term meaning the constellations or
signs of the zodiac, and, in its broader sense,
'the host of ihe heavens. 1 It wlil be under
stood from the definition of the name that the
exhibit is of an astronomical character and
sucli that the intelligent visitor will come out
with a thorough understanding of the move
ments and physical characteristics of the heav
enly bodies so far as is known to modern sci-
ence.
"A fair example of the features of the show
as found in the representation of the 'moon,'
this seemingly fickle and to most people mys
terious sphere, will be made simple by an illu
minated plaster cast, ten feet in diameter, and
sc arranged as to show all the mountains, era
ter.s, seabedb and other physical details with
accuracy. The planet Saturn, with its rings,
and Mars will be shown with what we call ca
nals.
"In fact, the arrangements will be so perfect
the spectator will imagine himself off the
earth. The method of illumination of the
moon will be such that all phases will be shown
precisely as they take place. Stars will glim
mer and twinkle, and here will be shown all
the arrangements of stars, such as the big dip.
per and little dipper. There will be shooting
meteors, comeU and the northern wonder, the
aurora borealis, with its thousands of colors.
Further particulars about the invention and
exhibition cannot be given until we have
secured our patent on the same."
■.The work i 3 the creation and conception of
Professor Plummer and his associates, and will
b« placed on exhibition on a very elaborate
scale at the British Empire Exposition, which
will open in Montreal on May '24 of this year
and continue for five months.
The capital stock of the company has all
been subscribed. The building in which the
exhibit will be placed will be of ancient and
historically correct design, and will cover two
acres of ground. Tho idea is somewhat new
and novel, and works somewhat on tho prin
ciple of illusions as far as the Illuminations are
concerned, but- tho objects seen are real and
not reflected. Scientists will be surprised and
attracted to it.
Professor Davidson of San Francisco will con
duct the necessary drawings for the exhibit,
which will entail a great deal of work.
KING'S DAUGHTERS' BENEFIT.
The Charity Company to Givo "7 — 30 — 8"
at the Ami itoriuiu.
It is probable that the Columbia Thea
ter management will open the Auditorium,
for which it closed the lease yesterday,
with the presentation of "7 — 20—8" for the
benefit of the King's Daughters' Home for
Incurables.
Mrs. Richard Brown, the secretary, and
Mrs. Belle Lemon, tlie matron of that in
stitution, were in consultation with Mr.
Friealander of the Columbia yesterday,
and it was decided that the benefit would
be given within a fortnight, either at the
well-known playhouse or at the larger
building which it has just leased for its
big opera enpagements.
The King's Daughters' Home for In
curables has outgrown its quarters at 117
Francisco street. It will be necessary to
remove to a more commodious building,
and tlie officers and friends of that institu
tion have inaugurated plans for the erec
tion of a home that will be a credit to the
institution and to the City. It is their
purpose to purchase a lot in some desir
able portion of the City commanding a
marine view. It will require $50,000 to
purchase such a lot and erect such a build
ing as is contemplated. Tiiere is a small
nucleus derived from the proceeds of en
tertainments and from subscriptions, and
the ladies have gone to work with a will
to raise the desired amount. The coming
benefit will be the first of a series to be
given for that purpose.
WASHINGTON'S BIRTHDAY.
How It Will Be Celebrated by Various
Patriotic Organ izatlons.
A large and enlhusiastie meeting of the
committee having in charge the prepara
tions for the celebration of Washington's
Birthday in this City was held Wednesday
evening in Shiels' building. Delegates
were present from Lincoln, Garfield, Starr
King and U. S. Grant councils of this City
and from Custer, Paul Revere, Monroe,
Logan and Henry Clay councils of Ala
meda County of the Junior Order
United American Mechanics. Delegates
were also present from California and
Martha Washington councils of the
Daughters of Liberty.
Mark Lane presided, with Charles W.
Baker acting as secretary. Encouraging
reports were received from the various
sub-committees.
The literary committee reported that
Odd Fellows' Hall had been procured for
the afternoon and evening. The exercises
in the afternoon as outlined by the com
mittee will consist of an address by the
State Councilor of the Junior 0. U. A. M.,
H. C. Scbaertzer of this City; an oration
by a well-known orator, also songs, recita
tions and musical selections. In the even
ing a reunion will be held by the Junior
O. U. A. M. and Daughters of Liberty.
The parade committee reported that the
parade was an assured success. A grand
marshal will be selected at the next meet
ing of the committee.
An invitation has been tendered to
Governor Budd and Mayor Sutro to at
tend the exercises. California Comman
dery has been offered theVightof line in
the parade.
The general committee of the Young
Men's Institute in charge of the- arrange
ments for the celebration of Young Men's
Institute day on February 22, held a meet
ing at Y. M* I. Hall, corner of Tenth and
Market streets, on Monday evening.
The committee on decorations reported
that an offer from M. O'Suliivan to paint a
portrait of Washington for the decoration
of Metropolitan Temple on the occasion
had been accepted. The programme com
mittee reported that an interesting pro
gramme was being prepared and much
first-class talent had volunteered to assist.
J. W. Shanalian and Frank McGlynn
were added to the committee on literary
exercises.
A lengthy discussion took place as to
the advisability of having a celebration
to be held in the Mission under the
auspices of the several councils there, but
the proposition was finally voted down.
Tickets of admission will be provided
for the admittance of adults only to the
exercises in Metropolitan Temple.
James E. Britt, Samuel Haskins and
Edward R. Myrick were appointed a com
mittee to select vice presidents.
A REPUBLICAN REUNION
Enjoyable Meeting of the Thirty-
Fourth Assembly Dis
trict Club.
Speeches by William Donovan and
J. S. Swan — Literary and Musi
cal Programme.
Much enthusiasm was manifested at last
night's meeting of the Thirty-fourth As
sembly District Republican Club. The or
ganization is new as yet, but its* weekly
meetings in the Masonic Hall, at the inter
section of Sixteenth and Valencia streets,
are well attended and full of interest. As
at present organized the officers of the
club are:
President, I. J. Trnman ; vice-president, H.
J. Burns; secretary, D. B. Bowley; treasurer,
A. F. Adams; sergeant-at-arms, C. H. Brink.
Executive committee— C.H.Joyce, I. Schneider,
L. Fishbeck. A. W. Green, H. W. Adams, C. E.
Foster, H. H. Leslie, R. 8. Allen, George Phil
lips, C. C. Purdy, M. V. Taylor. James Haslett,
Dr. W. L. Hilton. H. J. Burns, J. A. Lennon,
Thomas Myles, H. E. Snook, A. F. Adams, E. 1.
Robinson and the president and secretary of
the club, ex-omcio.
The first speaker last hight was William
Donovan, well known as an eloquent po
litical orator. His address, though brief,
was to the point, and dealt principally
with the importance of each citizen doing
his best to vote for the most deserving
candidate and ally himself with the safest
and most patriotic political party.
J. S. Swain made a stirring speech, in
which ne paid a few peppery compliments
to the newspapers, with the exception of
The Call, scoring them roundly as utter
failures so far as they pretend to be the
educators of the masses. Political corrup
tion in high places also came in for a share
in Mr. Swan's righteous indignation, and
he certainly did not spare the lash.
The Hon. William S. Barnes was to have
addressed the meeting, but being suddenly
called away from the City on business was
obliged to send an excuse.
Before tne adjournment Messrs. Swan
and Sweeny favored the gathering with a
number of entertnining declamations and
vocal selections, adding much to the inter
est of the affair.
Railroad Case Postponed.
The argument in the case of the Southern
Pacific to enjoin the Railroad Commission
from putting its grain rate reduction resolu
tion into effect has again been postponed by
United States Circuit Judge McKenna, this
time to about February 16 or 17, though the
date has not been definitely set. The reason
for this is that the United States Circuit Court
ot Appeals will meet on Mondsy and will re
main in session some time. There is no court
room left for the railroad case to go on in and
the sessiou of the Court of Appeals cannot be
interfered with.
AN OLO PRINTER'S FATE
Russell Warren, Once Foreman
of the Chronicle, Smoth
ered by Gas.
POSSIBLY COMMITTED SUICIDE.
Discovered by His Wife in His Room
When He Was Almost
Dead.
Alphonze Russell Warren, formerly
foreman of the Chronicle composing
rooms, was found almost dead in his bed
at his home, 620 Folsom street, at 11 a. m.
yesterday, with the gas in his room on in
full force. He died shortly alter being dis
covered.
Whether his death was by accident or
suicide may never be known, as he was
unconscious when found and he left no
explanation.
It is supposed that he committed sui
cide, because he had been drinking and
not working of late. Warren was one of
the best typographical foremen in the
City. It is said that he could "size up" a
piece of work quicker and more accurately
than any other man in his time, but drink
was his weakness.
For over a decade he was foreman of the
Chronicle. He assumed charge of the
typesetting department of that newspaper
about 1875. Love of liquor cost him hia
position, and after he ceased to be fore
man he worked settine type, and finally
drifted into C. A. Murdock~& Co.'s print
ing establishment.
He concluded to try the Keeley cure at
Los Gatos about two years ago. This
sr-emed to stop his appetite for liquor, and
Warren went to work "for Walter N. Brunt
at 535 Clay street as superintendent. He
remained with Mr. Brunt about a year
and a half. Two weeks before last Thanks
giving be starred out to see if he could
drink the same as before taking the
Keeley cure. He wanted to experiment
with himself, and he fell. The result was
that he lost his position with Mr. Brunt,
and since then he has been despondent
and drinking heaviJy.
During the early '(JO's Warren was given
a job on The Call, when this newspaper
had its editorial and composing-rooms on
Commercial street. Alex Smith, a well
known typo, was the means of getting him
this work. Smith recommended Warren
to the foreman at that time, Thomas
Keed, as a good man to set up the shipping
column.
Warren was a marvel to Reed. He had
only one error in his type the first night,
and that was an inverted letter.
The death of Warren recalls the suicides
of his two assistants on the Cnronicle,
Wiliiam Meldruia and Charles Potter.
Meldrum succeeded Warren in the fore
manship of the Chronicle. In April,
1887,Meidrum borrowed a dollar, purchased
a bottle of chloral hydrate, went to his
room at the corner oi Bush and Kearny
streets and swallowed the contents. Pot
ter committed suicide in Seattle by tak
ing strychnine. He purchased the poison
with borrowed money also, a haif-doliar.
Warren succeeded Harry Kodgers as
foreman for Brunt when Rodgers secured
the foremanship of the State printing
establishment at Sacramento. His father
was prominent in the fifties as Captain
Warren.
The Typographical Union of this City
will take charge of Warren's funeral.
Warren was 60 years of ?ge. He leaves
no children.
PRINCE CARNIVAL'S BALL
Hopkins Institute Is Being Pre
pared for the Grand
Mardi Gras.
Society Is Arranging for One of the
Best Affairs Ever Given by
the Association.
The Mardi Gras ball to be given at the
Hopkins Art Institute on February 18
promises to be one of the finest affairs
ever arranged in San Francisco.
Tickets admitting gentleman or gentle
man and lady will sell for $10, and single
lady's ticket for $5. Supper privileges are
included.
The preparations are already beginning
and promise to bring forth some unique
results.
The driveway on the Mason-street en
trance is to be brilliantly lighted with elec
tric lights strung all around the evergreen
hedges and run clear around the mansion
to the Stanford side. Guests are expected
to enter from Mason street, where the
ladies and gentlemen will separate at the
doorway and pass on either side of the
main staircase to their separate dressing
rooms, after which they will meet in the
different rooms set aside for dancers. Sub
committees wiil be on guard at the doors
to prevent the admission of any objectiona
ble characters.
The musicians will occupy elevated plat
forms suspended from the ceilings. Thirty
pieces, divided into two different orches
tras, will furnish the music.
Names ruay be submitted to the execu
tive committee for invitations and only
names that are approved will receive
tickets, which must be presented by per
sons whose names are written upon them.
The rule as to masking is the same as
that which has obtained in other seasons:
Ladies must wear masks, without which
they will not have the privilege of the
floor, and masking is optional with gen
tlemen ; but it is particularly requested
that both ladies and gentlemen wear cos
tume and thus contribute to the artistic
character of the entertainment.
Officers of the army, navy and National
Guard are requested to wear their uni
iornis. The grand march will begin
promptly at 9 p. m., led by Prince Carnival
and his suite.
The various committees will consist of
the following named members of the as
sociation:
Executive committee— James D. Phelan,
Edward Bosqui, Joseph B. Crockett, Horace G.
Platt, LouiK Sloss Jr., William Keith, Fred
erick W. Zpile, Heury Heyman, Henry J.
Crocker, Arthur Rodgers.
Committee on music— Kenry Herman, L. P
Latimer, Mrs. Alice B. Chittenden.
Committee on decoration— John A. Stanton
Douglas Tilden. ,
Committee on refreshments— J. B. Crockett
Henry J. Crockei, James G. Phelan.
Reception committee— Major J. L. Rathbone
William Keith. Captain Heury L. Howison, v'
S. N., Frederick W. Zeile, Frank J. Symmes, W*
Mayo Newhall, Walter S. Hobart, George T
Bromley, Louis Sloss Jr., Frederick K. Webster
Joseph B. Crockett, Oonernl J. W. Forsyth U
S. A., Russell J.Wilson, Henry J. Crocker, John
M. Cunningham, A. Gerberding, Horace G
Platt, Colonel C. F. Crocker, Jerome A. Hart'
EmileM. Fissis. '
Floor committee— Edward M. Greonway W
R. Heath, Lieutenant W. R. Smedberg Jr '
Walter L. Dean, George B. DeLong, L. B. Mizner.
That society will be there in ;full there
is no doubt, as the following list of patrons
and patronesses will show :
Mr. and Mrs. William Keith, Mrs. Caroline
L. Ashe, Mr. and Mrs. C. G. Hooker, Mr and
Mrs. Joseph B. Crockett, General and Mrs
Samuel W. Backus, Mr. and Mrs. George if
Howard, Edward M. Greenway, Mr. and Mrs'
George Vhittell, Captain and Mrs. Samuei
Blair, Mrs. John S. Hager, Mr. and Mrs David
Bixler, Captain H. L. Howison, U. S. N.; Mr
and Mrs. A. P. Redding, Mr. and Mrs. Frederick
W. Zelle, Mr. and Mrs. Honry J. Crocker
Governor and Mrs. J. H. Budd, Dr. and Mrs.
Beverly MacMonatfle, Mr. n:id Mrs. ft. J. Rush,
Mr. and Mrs. Harold M. Bewail. Mr. and Mrt.
Edward E. Potter, Captain and Mrs. A. H. Pay
son, Mr. and Mrs. Clinton Day, Mr. ami Mrs.
Kvan .). < iik-umn. Mr. aii'l Mrs", fi .ing M.Scott,
M¥. and Mrs. Henry L. Dodge, Major and Mis.
J. A. Jiarliiifj, Hott. and Mrs. E. B.
IV.nd. Dr. mid Mrs. W. p. McNntt,
Mr. and Mrs. Bfottntford H. Wilson, Coloiteland
Mrs. G. H. Burton, f. B. A., Mr. and Lra. Elliott
McAllister, W. P. Goad, Dr. and Mrs. A. 11.
Voorhles, Mrs. Thomas Breeze, Dr. and Mrs.
Henry Giboons Jr.. Mr. and Mrs. C. A.
SprecKeis, Mr. and Mrs. James A. Kooinson,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Goo'lell, Mr. arid Mrs. A.
E. Head, Mr. and Mrs. Robert J. .Woods, Mr.
and Mrs. J. 3. Tobin, Mr. and Mrs. J. Q. Stobbs,
Mr. a:-.<l Mrs. George 11. Lent. Mr. and Mrs.
Arthur Rodger*, Mr. and Mrs. Frank Sullivan,
Mrs, Henry McLean Martin, General an<l Mrs.
.'. F. Hough ton, Mr. and Mrs. William M. Gwin,
Mr. and Mrs. R. 11. Pease, Mr. and Mrs. William
Greer Harrison, Mr. and Mrs. J. Downey Har
vey. Mr. and Mrs. K. F. Preston, Martin
Kellosrg. Mr. and Mrs. Thomaa B. Bishop.
Baron and Baroness J. H. yon Schroder, Mr.
and Mrs. D. W. Karl, Mr. and Mrs. Vanderlyn
.Stow, Mrs. Isaac K. Walter, Jacob C. Joonson,
Mr. and Mrs. William G. Stafford, Mr. and Mrs.
H. E. Huntington, Hon. and Mrs. William Al
vord, Major and Mrs. J. L. Rath bone, Mr. and
Mrs. Adam Grant, Mr. and Mrs. Samuel C. Blge
low, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mr. and Mrs*. T. C.
Van Ness, Mr. and Mrs. L. S. B. Sawyer, Mr.
and Mrs. E. Vf. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
Oxnard, Mr. and Mrs. Louis Sloes, Mr. and Mrs.
Alfred Tubbs, ColonelChnrlesF. ('rocker, Judge
and Mrs. W. W. Morrow, Mr. and Mrs.
Amedee Jouliin, Judge and Mrs. Josroh
McKenua, Hon. and Mrs Ho.ace Da
vis, Gordon Blanding, Mr. and Mrs. J.
Kruttsohnitt.Mr. and Mrs. William M. Bunker,
Mr. and Mrs. John M. Cunningham, Mr. and
Mrs. John I. Slit. in, Mr. and Mrs. A. A. Watkins,
Genera] James W.Korsyth, Mr. and Mra.George
W. Beaver, Mrs. Peter Donahue, Mr. and Mrs.
Wiliiam F. Herrin, Mrs. Alice B. Cblttenden,
Mr. and Mrs. J. 08. Gunn, Mr. and Mrs. Clans
BpreckelS, Mr. and Mrs. E. A. Bruguier.-, Dr.
end Mrs. George J. Bucknall, Mr. and Mrs. » .
O'Connor, Mr. and Mrs. W. MayoNewhall, Mr.
and Mrs. Frank J. Symmes, Mr. and Mrs. G. \\ .
Prescott, Mr. and Mrs. Harry Jerome.
Each room of the mansion is to be sep
arately and artistically decorated by the
committee appointed for that purpose, and
the banquet hail will fairly scintillate with
the brilliancy of arrangement. Many
applications for tickets are already in and
the entire building will doubtless be filled
with the best of San Francisco's society
and beauty.
"BLOOMERS AND ALL."
Dr. Carlos Marty Favors the New
Woman and Her Acces
sories.
"I am in favor of the new woman,
bloomers and all."
Dr. Carlos Martyn, field secretary of the
National Good Citizenship League, made
the statement most emphatically to a joint
committee of the Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union and the Prohibition party
at a special meeting at the temperance
headquarters last evening. The meeting
was called for the purpose of arranging for
lectures by several notables, Dr. Martyn
taking tbe initiative in the series. Ho
will discuss the ''New Woman" at Central
M. E. Church on Sunday at 3p. m. The
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
and the Prohibition party will invite tbe
Constitutional Amendment Campaign
Committee, the Woman Suffrage Associa
tion, Independent Order of Good Templars,
Golden Gate Union of Christian Endeavor
ers, Epworth League and Baptist Young
People's Union to co-operate in prepara
rations for the meeting.
There was a discussion as to arrange
ments for the lectures of Mrs. Helen M.
Gou<caron March 12, 13 and 14, and those
of John G. Woolley at a date in May not
yet determined, and the committee ad
journed till the 18th prox.
IN INDIGO FIELDS.
The Labors of Key. 11. B. Price Among
the Natives or Shikoku.
The Rev. H. B. Price of the Presbyterian
board of missions, who has been for nine
years working as a missionary on the
island of ShiKoku, Japan, is at the Occi
dental.
Mr. Price has been stationed at the city
of Tokusbima, which is in the center of a
rich indigo and tobacco region. There
are, he says, some six missionaries in tne
province where he is and about 200 con
verts. The entire number of converts in
the island is about 2000. Tokushima has 70,
--000 people, and the entire island about
3,000,000, as it is thickly populated.
Mr. Price is on his way to his old home
in Mississippi, for the first time since he
went to Jai>an. He says he will return
and resume his missionary work.
As to Mrs. Gauch'g Death.
Coroner Hawkins received an anonymous
letter yesterday informing him that the death
of Mrs. Kato Gauch Tuesday nigfit at the A. B
C bakery on Buchanan street, between Mc
.Vllistcr and Fulton, was due to criminal mal
practice. The writer said an operation had
been performed by a "Mrs. D.," whoever that
may be. Dr. Hawkins turned the letter over
to the police, and an effort will be made to
ascertain the identity of the writer and the
truth or falsity of theaccusation.
■>,->. NEW TO-DAY.
/INiTCHKOFF PALACE, '"""""
ST. PETERSBURG, DEC. 6, 1894.
"HER MAJESTY, EMPRESS
MARIE FEGDOROWNA, FINDING GREAT
BENEFIT FROM THE USE OF YOUR
TONIC-WiNE, REQUESTS THAT A CASE !
OF 50 BOTTLES YIN MARIAN! BE SENT
IMMEDIATELY, ADDRESSED TO HER
MAJESTY THE EMPRESS."
Anitchkoff Palace,
To Mr. MARIAN!. St. Petersburg, Russia.
41 Boulevard Haussmann,
Paris, France.
"The Ideal Tonic Wine."
Fortifies, Nourishes and Stimulates
the Body and Brain.
It restores Health, Strength, Energy
and Vitality.
Amid Substitutions. Ask for " Vln MarUol" at all Droggiita.
For Descriptive book with Portraits and testi-
mony of noted Celebrities, write to
':. MARIAHI & CO., 62 W. 15tiSt.,lIew7crt
Paki9: 41 «<]. H»ussm»un.
Los Don : 539 Oxford Sired. ' .
l^gjgg 5 ' "■ ' ■ v -'-JL^i
'- -MURRAY ac HEAD V .
TfaSFTBmW **f — H — ?
EMI» .OYIV ENI ,AGE »j TS.
(^M^ffMALEHgLP^tJ^^
I Hotels,;' ±U>stauruniB. cafes, •-;. loons. Private
Families, Shops,' . Bakeries, Laundries. Institutions,
factories, Dairies, Hay and" Grain Farms, orch-
ards, Vinpyams," Street • Contractors/ Railroad
Contractors, Builders. Sawmills, .Logging Camps,
Mines, Stables, bhipa and every other business,
supplied with competent help of all nationalities
FKKK OP OHABOfc.
■ 93,000 men | and women sent ■by us to our cus-
tomers duripg the past ten years.
Please send us your orders and we will send you j
competent help. ■ .
-MURRAY^ READY-
i ' 634- and 636 Clay Street. !
WOULD-BE MEN
And "Has-Beens" Are the Me!an«
choly Fates of Too Many of Our
Younger Generation.
If you have erred in youth, if your eyes
lack luster, if you have used your system ( >
up, if you have disordered your liver or •
misused your kidneys you should take the
Great Hcdyan.- You can get it for certain
diseases, but you must first make applica-
tion to the Hudson Medical Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver arul
kidney affections, impaired vitality and
loss of strength. Hudyan is efficaciom
where other remedies have failed.
Hndyan will It] |jj shattered nervea
etop the wasting !p «s Hudyan is a
away of tissue g !j|r| » power when
and will build up Ksn» rightly used,
the nervous sys- Hpfr : sj I You must send
tern. Hudyan [• m\ i for circulars and
strengthens, in- fl-jj ■ testimonials of
vigorates and I'ni «§ the Great Hud-
tones the entire i|i|l-'wjgß van. Write to
system. Hudyan si| JL «WS the
cures certain Si 54%
forms of lost \m U HUDSON
manhood, certain Wife m MEDICAL
peculiar cases of ©itiisga INSTITUTE.
■ f _____
TAINTED BLOOD- Impure blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
Bore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets.
LITER— your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
I KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
1 many men, because so many men live rapid
lives'— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send for
; our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
j thing about your kidneys and how to make the
! test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
cent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
♦»
A remedy used exclusively by a physician of
30 years' experience. A positive and unfailing
guaranteed cure for primary, secondary and
tertiary cases of blood disease. No case in-
curable. New cases cured in two weeks. Con-
sultation and full information free.
MOFFAT CHEMICAL CO.,
Doom 1, 632 Market St. San Francisco.
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonds.
I "VTOTICE 13 HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
; XI proposals will be received by the undersigned
up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
. 1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
I County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
i from one (1) to thirty-two (32). both inclusive, of
; the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the first day of January,
1906, or at auy time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
States, with interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
i per cent per annum, payable semi-c.unually.on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
! each year. Bonds and interest payable at the office
of the County Treasurer of said Kings County.
.Said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of super-
, visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 6, - 1898, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of and in
accordance with an act of the .Legislature of the
i State of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
, value and accrued interest, nor shall any sals
i thereof be final or valid until approved by said T
Board of Supervisors, and the right is hereby ex-
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
, Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
i Courthouse Bonds." • -
i By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SLAVES,
• ■ - : ' ■ ■ County Treasurer.
DR.WOHWOO jt^
Chinese Drugs £*£ '^ >l *sp':«\
and Tea and Herb far
Sanitarium, feY js3
776 CLAY STKKET, f«V jgj* &f
Bet. Kearny and DuponC, fc^l <CjL «^^
San Francisco. Iv 7 /w
i I, the undersigned, have * A v ''* fa
been cured from kidney I^tert»\ *v -,
! trouble, from which Jfr ffijs^- 'f^ A
suffered for over 10 years, £ Vfl£r^ A _3
by Dr. Wong Woo. . • K?^F iSOa
Office hours: ' 9:30 to 11 H |MHymL|
a. ii.; 1t03,7 to 9 v.m. — "^W*l
Baja California
j Damiana Bitters
' Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic for the •
j sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
i great remedy for diseases of the kidneys and blad- .
| der. A great Eestorative, Invlgoratorand Nervine.
i Sells on Its own Merits— no long-winded tes:l-
, monials necessary.
NAHKK, ALFS '* BRITNK, Agents,
! 323 Market St.. S. F.— (.-end for Circular.)
1 TAM AR A laxative t refreshln *
0 £i Bsu M 8* frulL lounge,
I n 111 T% 1 ■ very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
... m l p. m , hemorrhoids, bile,
I M 51 I Si El loss of appetite. g»»tr:c and
llf U I C'll' intestinal troubles and
■■■■»■*■■■ headache arising
JBBiLLOil : »dti-tfgig»
HEALTH RESORTS^ I
THE ST. HELENA SAMTARHIi
m ST. HELENA. NAPA COUNTY, CAL
A RATIONAL HEALTH RESORT!
Send for Circular.DOOM OF THE CEMETERIES
Mayor Sutro Signs the Order
Prohibiting the Sale of
Lots.
—
THEIR REVENUES ARE CUT OFF
The Associations Will Probably Now
Take the Matter Into the
Courts.
Mayor Sutro signed the ordinance pro
hibiting the sale of burial lots within the
City and County limits yesterday, and the
Masonic, Odd Fellows' and Laurel Hill
Cemetery associations must either remove
to some other locality outside the jurisdic
tion of the Board of Supervisors, find some
different source of revenue than the sale of
lots or have the ordinance declared illegal
by the courts.
From what the representatives of the
associations said to the Mayor when they
called on him recently to urge the vetoing
of the measure it i? probable that the latter
course will first be tried and a removal
m;u;e only as a last report. The three cem
eteries have neariy 1.50 lots yet unsold, the
income from which would carry the burial
grounds on for several years, and the asso
ciations will make a desperate effort to
slave off the efforts to prevent them from
selling, claim ing that the introduction of
the ordinance was instigated by interested
land speculators who know "that their
property will appreciate in value if the
cemeteries are forced to remove.
The associations claim that their prop
erty wa« repularly deeded to them by the
City many years ago in consideration of
the payment of $2">,000, and that they have
vested rights which the Supervisors have
no letial authority to disturb.
One of their principal arguments is that
the ordinance fails to accomplish the very
object for which it was formulated— the
stoppage of burials. They assert that in
the lots already sold there is still room for
80,000 graves, and that there is nothing in
the ordinance to prevent bodies being
placed in each of them. They also point
to lite fact that the measure does not in
the leas: affect the City Cemetery where
lots are not sold, and say that burials can
go on there for many years to come with
out hindrance. They also relied on the
health statistics to help their cause, claim
ing that the showing tuat there are fewer
deaths in the districts about the cemeteries
than in any other portion of the City is an
evidence that the burial grounds are not
unhealthful.
The advocates of the measure, on the
other hand, assert that the cemeteries are
a detriment to tne City in more ways than
one. They say that it is a notorious fact
that cemeteries are unhealthful, poisoning
both the air and water of the districts in
which they are located. People are also
backward about settling in localities con
tiguous to such places and the natural
growth of thb City is retarded.
They point to the fact that none of the
creat cities of the country permit ceme
teries to exist within their limits as an
evidence tnat San Francisco is behind the
times in this respect and that the burial
grounds should be forced to remove at the
earliest opportunity.
Mayor Sutro said last evening that he
had signed the order only after due delib
eration.
'I am not sure'but that these associa
tions may have some vested rights," lie
said, "bat I think that the courts should
determine that point, and that the proper
method for the owners of the cemeteries
is to have the Supreme Court pass on the
matter and settle it once and for all.
"As for the desirability of removing the
remeteries to some point a long distance
from the thickly settled portions of the
< :ty there can be no question. Any
buthoriiy on sanitation will tell you that
cemeteries cannot avoid being a" menace
to the health and lives of the cities in
which they are allowed to exist.
"The rain soaking through the ground
gets into the water supply and is bound to
poison it. The air, too, is laden with
deadly cases that are detrimental to health,
and in the case of San Francisco the dan
ger is particularly great owing to the fact
that the prevailing winds for the larger
portion of the year blow directly into the
populous City.
"It is only a question of time when the
cemeteries must be removed to some dis
tant point, and if the courts decide that
our action is legal, as it certainly seems to
me it is, it may as well be aone now as
any other time."
(■speaking further on the subject Mayor
Sutro said:
The cemetery ordinance, so-called, prohibit
ing the sales of lots in cemeteries within the
City limit* after the passage of this order, was
signed by me to-day.
I carefully heard deputations from the dif
ferent cemetery associations who opposed the
ordinance, and also from the representatives
of the Richmond clubs and others who advo
cated its passage. .Both parties submitted to
me briefs on the subject, in which numerous
letral reasons were given pro and con.
:acts show that the Laurel Hill and Ma
sonic cemeteries still own about five acres
each unsold, while the Odd Fellows' Cemetery
has but half an acre left.
ordinance does not disturb the inter
ments of bodies in lots which have heretofore
been to M to private- parties, and it is claimed
that in these there is room for 80,000 more
bodies. Therefore the only hardship which
accrues to the cemetery companies would be
that arising from the loss of the profits of the
Bale as burial lots of the small remaining por
tions.
The sale of lots in these cemeteries has been
a source of immense profits, for the land origi
nally cost but a few hundred dollars per acre,
■while it has been parceled out and sold iv
burial lots from $40,000 to $100,000 and more
pel acre.
If the reasons assigned for the illegality of
this ordinance are valid, the proper remedy
ließ in an appeal to the courts, for it is impos
sible for the -Mayor to enter into these in
tricate law questions and render a decision
thereon.
The history of every large city in this coun
try and in Europe shows that their growth
finally causes the cemeteries to be removed
further out into the country and that eventu
ally will be the case in ban Francisco. .
Richmond District property owners who
were mainly instrumental in getting the
ordinance introduced and passea will hold
a meeting in celebration of their victory at
Kichmond Hall, on Point Lobos avenue,
on Tuesday evening next.
MEAD'S REPLY.
The Manufacturers' Association Answers
the Mechanics' In
stitute.
The Manufacturers and Producers' As
sociation is more determined now than
ever upon holding a grand exposition of
California manufactured goods and
products in the spring. The first move
made in that direction was discouraging.
A special committee called upon the trus
tees of the Mechanics' Institute to learn
what the rental of the big Pavilion would
Le lor six weekain March and April. The
committee was told that the association
iot have the Pavilion for such a pur
-1 ose. The institute will hold its annual
tur later in tue year and tne association's
:; ion would interfere with the insti
tute fair. However, the trustees extended
an invitation to the association to exhibit
all the wares and productß its members de
al the institute fair. A letter to this
eJect was sent to the association.
The directors of the association were not
Teased with the refusal and they did not
take kindly to the offer. They passed a
resolution to the effect that the association
will hold its exposition, institute or 110 in-
Btitute, and bui:d a pavilion of its own
if necessary. In the resolution was a
clause deploring the action of the insti
tute trustees, and that their stand might
not be misunderstood the secretary was
directed to send a copy of the resolution to
the institute trustees as an answer to the
letter.
Since that action was taken statements
have been published purporting to have
emanated from the officers of the Mechan
ics' Institute, in which the latter make
light of the threat of the association's di
rectors to build a big pavilion and run
opposition to the Mechanics' Institute.
"Yesterday the secretary of the association
followed the instructions and sent an ac
knowledgment of the letter mentioned
and the resolution passed by his superiors.
The sting of the published statements al
luded to was evidently felt, for the letter
concluded with the following paragraph,
which was intended as a broadside volley
into the institute:
We notice your request for our active co-op
eration to make a success of the next exhibi
tion of the Mechanics' Institute, but feel com
pelled to decline such co-operation. This re
fusal can be explained by the fact that the Me
chanics' fairs held by your institute are com
posed not only of exhibits of California manu
factures and products, but are used to a large
extent by Eastern manufacturers us a means
of advertising their wares. The objects and
aims of this association being directly adverse
to the Interests of said Eastern manufacturers,
we t-ouM not take any active part toward mak
ing a success of an exhibition, where even one
Eastern manufacturer is allowed to exhibit his
wares. Yours truly, L. R. MEAD, Secretary.
ONE PAVILION TOO MANY
Mechanics' Institute Trustees
Think the City Too Small
for Two.
Think the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association Should Co
operate With Them.
The board of trustees of the Mechanics'
Institute has as yet received no communi
cation from the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association regarding the inten
tion of the latter body to erect a pavilion
and hold industrial exhibitions of their
own. The trustees admit that a competi
tive exposition in this City wonld greatly
injure the success of their undertaking,
aud say tnat the City is not large enough
to hold two exhibitions in the same season,
and that money and experience are neces
sary to carry ar. undertaking of this kind
to a successful issue.
Joseph Leguett said yesterday:
We have received no communication from
the Manufacturers' and Producers' Association,
but we understand by the papers that they
state our exnibitions are not purely repre
sentative of California industries. Yet last
j car we asked for the co-operation of that body
and it failed to respond as liberally as one
would imagine it would do, having tiie inter
ests of the State so much at heart
I understand thai if we had depended solely
on these people for California products, we
should have had an einDty hall.
We emphatically are nut bringing to bear
any spirit of opposition in this matter at nil.
We have simply our own interests to look after.
We feel, as the trustees, that we have a respon
sibility on our hands in conducting the affairs
of this institution, and when we lift up our
right hands before the members and say we
have and will conduct things rightly, we "want
to do it with clear consci'
The I'avilion is an expensive piece of prop
erty to us, and the mere rental of it to outside
parties comes far from paying the taxes and
expenses fop its maintenance.
The Manufacturer^ Association endeavored
to make it clear to us tha* its members had no
intention of entering into competition with us,
but now they have evidently assumed a new
role.
We have, as trustees, simply our own inter
ests to look after. Our animal exhibitions are
our one source of profit. Last year we realized
over $10,000 from the fair, and we needed
every cent of it.
But all this is not precisely in my line. Ido
not wish to antagonize anybody, and my }
thoughts and time are mostly taken up with
the literary and educational phases of the in- '<
siitution. Still, you understand, ttie board of j
trustees is simply a representative body, work
ing for the best interest of the institute.
Do I believe a competitive fair would injure ' :
the Mechanics' Institute exposition? There !
never will be such a thing as a competitive
lair. Such an undertaking requires funds.
George Cummings, vice-president of the
board, talked to some length on the sub
ject. He said :
When the Home Producers' and Manufac
turers' Association was formed, Mr. llallidie
tried to bring about the co-operation of our
institute and thisorganization. He thought it
would benefit the manufacturers as well as
ourselves. After the association was organized j
we invited these gentlemen time and again to ,
meet us in the institute and to arrange for an
exhibit of home products. They promised to
assist us by every means in their power, and it
was to be purely and simply a home exhibit.
When the time for the .exhibition came around
their promises were not fulfilled. They gave
us absolutely no aid whatever. We took a i
great deal oi interest in the Manufacturers' j
Association.
It was a part of the policy of the board that ?
if we conld till the building with California
product! not an inch of space should be given
for products of the East. But you can readily
see that when we could not obtain a sufficient
amount of California products we were
obliged of necessity to fill up with distant
products. We expressly desired tne earnest
and active co-operation of those engaged
in home industries, and decided that nothing
would be considered too small or insignificant
to be accorded space for its display.
\\e.-ent W.H.Smyth in every direction so
liciting of them. We desired not only articles
already finished but articles in a state of man
ufacture. But, as I stated before, these gentle
men did not respond, and-we were forced to
utilize our unoccupied space for Eastern prod
ucts. When we had listened to the committee
from their association we prepared and sent to
it this letter:
January 2, 1896.
I\> the President and' Officer* of the Manufac
! turers' and l*roilucers' Association— GKSTi.v.itE's:
I At a meeting of the trustees of the Mechanics' In
i stitute last evening, after the retirement of your
delegates the following action was taken:
WiHKKKAS, The Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association have requested the -board of ■ trus
tees of the Mechanics' institute to lease the
I Pavilion for' six weeks early in Bummer for the
) purpose of holding - an -industrial exhibition, and
I whereas the Mechanics' Institute Is now actively
engaged in preparation for its next industrial
exhibition to take place this fall, it is the opinion
of this board that it would be detrimental to the
! Interests of the Mechanic.]' Institute to have two
industrial fairs in the same season, and that we are
| constrained to deny the request, but ask the active
! co-operation of the Mnnuiacturers' and Producers'
Association to make a success of the next indus
trial exhibition of the Mechanics' Institute, which,
will open September 1 and close October 3, 189 C.
Yours very reepectfully, • ■ --
J. H. Cuxvxb, Secretary.
The Mechanics' Institute never asked one
cent for space at the Pavilion nor for gas. The
institute was very much disappointed, at the
manner with which the | manufacturers failed
to respond to its request. What object have
they in holding an exhibition of their own
when they can come in free to those given by
us annually? As for making money out of the
Pavilion by renting it to outside concerns, we
could derive a greater interest lon our money
by investing it in United States bonds. The
money made on rentals does not pay one-tenth
of 1 per cent on the value of the ground. No
one institute of California has been a larger
factor in promoting the interests of. the State
than the Mechanics' Institute.
The fair before this | last fair was simply a
loss. We expended $40,000 in promoting the
orange exhibit, -and our total receipts were
some $2000 less than this sum.
lilt is very easy for men to talk about building,
but it takes money to build and money to pay
.the taxes and to run such a concern. •■- ■
If some of those gentlemen who are trying to
antagonize' the Mechanics' Institute, which is
j doing all It can to encourage home industry,
would stop importing foreign goods by the
quantity it would be much more productive of
the welfare of California. - .;
' There will be an electson of trustees on the
27th of February next, and I would like to say
that the trustees elected will be in harmony
with home production, and the present board
is just as anxious for this same thing. ,
The institute reduced the entrance fee during
the day of the last exposition from 50 cents, as
it had formerly been, to 25 cents.
There is one thing that must always be con
sidered—that is, that the admission fee must
be - adequate to meet . the expenses. .: What
money we desire in excess of our expenses is
used in maintaining the library, which is used
by so many hard-working people. v
Our attendance has always been good, and
the season-ticket arrangement reduces the fee
to about ten centa.'^SSMJSlßP'tiwmilWW
Concerning the matter of awardment of
prizes to exhibitors, 1 would like to state that
the trustees have nothing whatever to do with
that part of it at all. A jury is chosen from
among the producers themselves, and I would
state also that as there is only one prize
awarded of a class there will always be some
disgruntled ones.
There .is .not room iin this City for two big ;
buildings, and the projectors of a new one will
find, as I said ' before, that ' such a thing costs
money. • ■ •■ ■ .•'••*< ••'-?-. : -r '«.:" <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
J. ROSS JACKSON'S BUST.
It Is to Be a Present to the
Press Club From Otto
Dobbertin.
A REMARKABLE RESEMBLANCE.
The Subject Is an Old Newspaper
Man and One of the Founders of
the Organization.
Otto Dobbertin, the sculptor, attended
! a jinks at the rooms of the Press Club
i some weeKs ago, and not long after that
: indicated his desire to make a bust of one
'■ of the members of the organization who
j was blessed with a characteristic face and
lota of friends among his associates.
Mr. Dobbertin was informed that such a
i gift would be appreciated, but he said it
I would be some time before he found just
i the right kind of face to grace the rooms
lin a life-size terra cotta work. He further
stated that he would like to take his own
time about it and select a man who had a
BUST OF J. ROSS JACKSON, BY OTTO DOBBEKTIN.
first-class journalistic expression about
him. All these liberties were agreed to,
and the modeJer went about his business,
but all the while keeping his eyes open for
just tbs right man.
Some time later or rather at the Christ
mas jinks Mr. Uobbertin encountered J.
Ross Jackson in one of his happiest moods
in full possession of his celebrated smile
and eenerai good fellowship.
"That's the man I want," exclaimed
Dobbertin, and before the evening was
over Otto and Ross were talking quietly
over in a corner about something that only
came to the ears of other club members in
small fragments. "Well, I should say
not— me — perpetual bust — always on ex
hibition?" was heard from Ross. "No,
sir. However, Mr. Dobbertin, 1 thank
you, but the boys would use it for a hat
rack."
"I insist, Mr. Jackson," said the sculp
tor, "Face— strong — friends— founder of
first press club San Francisco — insist."
At this juncture the conversation be
came so indistinct that the rest of it was
not heard. Ross tried to call it all off, but
Dobbertin brought some of the other cmb
members into the discussion, and Jackson
finally agreed to sit for the bust if some of
the boys would come along with him and
make "it pleasant for him while he was
looking the best he could. This was
agreed upon, and yesterday the work was
completed preparatory to going to the
terra cotta works to be burned the right
color.
It is modeled in clay and ia just a little
larger than life size. The Simon pure
Jackson expression ia visible in every line,
and Mr. Dobbertin is to be congratulated
on his success in catching that expression
which is bo familiar to everyone of the
journalist's acquaintances.
The gift will be unveiled at the next
jinks or smoking party given in the club
rooms, or perhaps on the next "ladies'
day" which tne directors and President
(Joe contemplate in the near future. It
will be mounted on a proper pedestal, and
while every member of the organization
may doff his headgear to it, no one will use
it tor a batrack.
CALIFORNIA'S VICTORIES.
J. A. Filcher Speaks of the Ex
hibit at the Atlanta Ex
position.
Why Florida Declined to Enter Into
the Competition on the Citrus
Display.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the State Board
of Trade, has just returned from the At
lanta Exposition, where he has been in
charge of the exhibit from this State. He
has worked hard to make the exhibit a
success, and how far he succeeded may be
judged from the fact that California car
ried off 117 medals, and from the glowing
accounts and praises given by nearly every
paper in the South and by the thousands
of people who visited the exposition. It
is to Mr. Filcher's credit that California
was represented at all.
Mr. Filcher was filled with enthusiasm
last evening over what has been accom
plished at the great Southern fair, and he
! discussed the many victories of the Golden
i State with great pride. His story of how
California got away with citrus premiums
was interesting.
He said that by some oversight he failed
to learn that special gold medals would be
given for the best exhibit of citrus fruits
i until the Ist of December. The judges
were to pass upon the merits of the fruits
on the 18th. He went to the committee
on awards and protested that he had not
been informed, although the Florida peo
ple had been and had their exhibits on the
grounds. He asked for a delay o* four
days, in order to send to California for ex
hibits. The committee said that the idea
prevailed that Southern California fruits
would not be ready until January or later.
Filcher said he would send to Northern
California, which greatly surprised the
committeemen. The extension of time
was granted, ana Mr. Filcher at once sent
word to half a dozen towns in the northern
part of the State.
The fruit arrived in good time and in
splendid condition.
The manager of the Florida exhibit was
staggered when he saw what kind of
oranges, lemons, etc., Porterville, Oroville
and the neighboring towns could send
forth. The first sight settled the medal
question. Florida declined to compete,
and California took every medal and prize
offered for citrus fruit.
Another feature that Mr. Filcher laid
particular stress upon was the dry-fruit
cooking exhibit. This feature was inaug
urated by the State Development Commit
tee, who placed Mr. Crandall in charge.
Shortly after it was suspended for the lack
of money and fruit, but so much good had
already been accomplished that Mr.
Filcher took it up, furnished the fruit and
paid Mr. Crandall's salary.
The people of the South hardly knew
that this Stale produces large quantities of
dried fruit until then, but the cooking fea
ture opened their eyes. As a result of the
exhibit forty-seven carlouds of California
i products v/ere shipped .to the Atlanta
i trade during the fair, where not over four
| carloads a year entered the State of Georgia
i before. During the last month of the fair
I nineteen carloads of fresh deciduous fruits,
j two carloads of beans, one carload of nuts,
! one of raisins and one of cabbage were sent
. there.
Nearly every one wno visited the Cali
, Jornia display expressed a desire to visit
i this State, and hundreds promised to do
i so, instead of visiting Europe as many
do every year. Mr. Filcher said it was
surprising how little the people of the
East and South know about California and
what the State is capable of.
Mr. Filcher was, of course, annoyed by
the letters that have been written from
several people at Atlanta to the State De
partment Committee in this City, and his
comments upon the writers were not. at
all complimentary. One, he says, beat an
Atlanta bank out of $100 and the officers
are now hunting for him.
Another, so Mr. Filcher says, swindled
dozens of people on the pretense of being
the manager of the California exhibit, and
the third is stranded in Atlanta without
money enough to get back to California.
In conclusion he said:
Aside from these people and the department
committee's woman lecturer I challenge any
one to find anybody who has any fault to find
with the California exhibit or the way in
which it was managed, considering the money
at our dispottL Po far as lam personally con
cerntd I worked for the glory 01 the State and
nothing else.
THE SHEEP ARE STARVING
Pitiable Sights in the Grazing
Regions of the
South.
A. B. Brown Tells of Cruelty in
Santa Barbara County, Where
There Is Plenty of Food.
A. B. Brown, the principal of a private
school for boys and young men at Los An
geles, has called the attention of the ban
Francisco Society for the Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals to an extreme case of
suffering inflicted upon lower animala in
Santa Barbara County.
Mr. Brown had occasion two weeks ago
to travel by stage through the grazing dis
trict of the southern county. On that
ride he saw numerous large droves of
sheep, one ot them numbering 20,000 head.
The animals were all in a starving con
dition. It was necessary several times to
stop the stage in order to lift the dying
animals out of the road. Some that were
still able to stand were too weak to walk
and the stage-driver and passengers were
compelled to carry them out of the way.
"It was the most pitiable sight I ever
saw." said Mr. Brown. "It was also the
most inhuman, for there are thousands of
stacks of straw in the county and feed is
cheap."
Secretary Holbrook explained that the
society in this City has no jurisdiction in
the case, and referred Mr. Brown to the
Society for the Prevention of Cruelty to
Animals with headquarters at Santa Bar
bara. The gentleman left, declaring that
he would in person make an indignant pro
test against the tolerance of such abuses.
He will stop at Santa Barbara for that
purpose on his return to Los Angeles.
"I do not know who the owners are," he
said, "and I don't care."
WANTED FOR FORGERY.
Warrant for the Arrest of J. F.
Kimiacclotti.
Bernard Donnelly, 1901 Fillmore street,
swore out a warrant in Judge Low's court
yesterday for the arrest of j. F. Ratuac
ciotti, a small politician, on the charge of
forgery.
On SeDtember 7 last Ramacciotti passed
a check drawn on the First National Bank
for $21 50, payable to himself and signed
T. W. Smith, on Donnelly, which was pre
sented for payment and declared a forgery.
Donnelly has since then been on the
lookout for Ramacciotti, and learning that
ho was now in the City he yesterday
swore out the warrant for his arrest.
Will Pay Coupons.
The appeal in the case of Charles AltßCtTu»
against Treasurer Widber, to compel the pay
ment of certain coupons of Dupont-street
bonds which he held, has been dismissed by
stipulation. This means that the coupons wll'i
be paid. The case does not affect the suits
upon the questions involving the bonds them
selves.
RECEPTION TO TOWNSEND,
Sorosis Welcomes the Author and
Playwright Back to Cal
ifornia.
MANY OLD FRIENDS PRESENT.
Extracts From " Chimmie Fadden " and
Other Works Were Read by
the Rising Author,
Edward W. Townsend, the author of
"Chimmie Fadden," "A Daughter of the
Tenement," "Major Max" and other
interesting books on the subjects he has
mastered, was tendered a reception by the
members of the Sorosis Club at tneir
rooms on Pine street yesterday afternoon.
When the Korosis attempts anything in
that line it is always done well. Nearly
every member of the organization was
present, aside from a great many invited
guests, among whom were Mrs. George
Prescott, Mrs. J. A. Fillmore, Mrs. Horace
Hill, Mrs. Charles Webb Howard, Mrs.
Edward Poulson, Miss Skidmore, Mrs.
Dean, Mrs. Lowenberg, Miss Eleanor
Wood, Mrs. John F. Swift (president of the
Century Club}, Mrs. A. P. Whittell, Mrs.
Sather, Mrs. Xittredge, Mrs. Al Redding,
Mr. and Mrs. Wendell, Judge Young, Mrs.
F rank Powers, Miss Moody, Mrs. George
Maguire and others.
About 3 o'clock Mr. Townsend arrived
with Mrs. Townsend and Mrs. William
Townsend, the wife of a brother of the
successful New York writer. He had the
extreme pleasure of renewing a great
many old acquaintances that he had
made when he was a resident of San Fran
cisco in the early days of las journalistic
and literary career. All these things
seemed to be encouraging to the author,
and when he took the platform to read
selections from his books his manner indi
cated that he felt perfectly at home.
He began by giving three selections from
his last book, "A Daughter of the Tene
ment," these being "A Glimpse of Tene
ment Hades," "A Description of the Bow
ery," and "Oh, What tools Men Are,"
which was a study made at a society vau
deville attended by Mr. Townsend in New
York.
These three fragments were dainty word
paintings and descriptions of what he had
seen and heard and had no particular sig
nificance aside from their being extracts
from what is destined to become a very
widely read book. They were carefully pre
pared bits of English, and in part indicated
what character of literature could be found
in the volume.
Alter readme these selections, he an
nounced in a lieht, dry voice that he would
read from his first book, "Chimmie Fad
den," taking for the subject that portion
pertaining to " 'Er Grace, de Duchess of
F.-dden." This announcement had the
effect that nothing else could have aroused,
and a decided flutter of satisfaction passed
over the assembly. All wanted to hear
something from Ciiimmie just as it should
be read, and by the man who wrote it.
This reading was more of a surprise to
them than they expected, for the reason,
that many of the ladies were under the
impression that they were to hear some
thing really violent and full of gesticula
tion, accompanied by a protruding lower
lip and a bad swagger. It did not occur,
however. Mr. Townsend read in a quiet
tone of voice, but the pure Bowery vernac
ular was in every syllable. It was not
strained nor accentuated with toughness.
Rather inclined to be extremely decent,
notwithstanding the flagrant errors made
by Chimtnie. It was a sketch of real life
taken from its native heath and set down
in the West, where the imitation Bowery
boy proves his title by singing ribald songs
and throwing beer glasses at his girl.
After hearing Mr. Townsend lead from
his book and further listening to him dis
cuss the same, one is willing to admit that
the author has not created, but simply
discovered a type of humanity that is
something more than a hoodlum and not
much less than a philosopher. He demon
strated that the resident of the East Side
is cunning, observing, calculating and
pretty thoroughly familiar with the world,
the flesh and the devil, combining all
three when occasion offers and separating
them when it pays.
Mr. Townsend took absolute possession
of his audience with his "Cbirnmie Fad
den" reading, and after he had concluded
an informal reception was held, where the
writer made many new acquaintances,
who were anxious to meet both himself
and Mrs. Townsend, who is a daughter of
Delos Lake, one of California's best
known attorneys and Judges.
The piano playing of Miss Hilda Neu
man and the solo by Miss Evalyn Henry
were excellent and added to the interest of
the reception.
Later in the afternoon tea was served
and a light luncheon indulged in by those
who cared to remain, the whole affair con
cluding with happy expressions for Mr.
Townsend' s future in the world of letters.
NEW TO-DAT.
Do you know
the difference
between a ma-
chine-made and
a hand-made
cigar ?
The cigar
made by ma-
chine is loosely
wrapped ; made
of various
lengths of to-
bacco and when
lit burns un-
evenly.
In the hand-
made cigar
every piece of
tobacco runs
clear through
from end to
end, and being
closely wrap-
ped it is bound
to burn uni-
formly to the
finish.
T h c o nly
hand-made ci-
gar sold at a
popular price is
the "Robert
Mantell."
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Residence, 1620 Fell V. Tele-
phone 670. Residence telephone. "Pln« 3601."
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
AT 25c ON THE DOLLAR 1
THE ENTIRE STOCK
New York Cloak and Suit House
TO-DAY we place on sale the entire stock of the New York
Cloak and Suit House, formerly owned by ALBERT MULLER &
CO., the fashionable suit and cloak makers, who are retiring from
I the retail business and therefore closed out everything to us AT
TWENTY-FIVE CENTS ON THE DOLLAR OF ORIGINAL COST
OF MAKING.
This stock consists chiefly of TAILOR-MADE SUITS, JACK-
ETS and CAPES, and we purpose giving our patrons the full ben-
efit of the PRODIGIOUS DISCOUNT obtained by offering these
elegant garments at the following
Next to Nothing Prices!
LADIES' JACKETS.
At 1 .00.
LADIES' JACKETS, double and single breasted, medium and dark shades, plain and
mottled effects, worth $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
At as 1 . so. '"• '/-'*■*
LADIES' JACKETS, medium and three-quarter lengths, black, tan, navy and mottled
effects, worth $5 and $6, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
At 52.50.'
LADIES' SHORT AND MEDIUM LENGTH DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in
mottled effects and solid dark colors, worth $6 50 and $7 60, will be closed out at
. $2 50 each. .
. At *3.50.
LADIES' SHORT DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in boucle. beaver and covert
cloths, in dark and medium shades, worth $8 50 and $10, will be closed out at $3 50
each.
At *5.00.
LADIES' SHORT DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in boucle effects and medium
and dark shades of kersey, beaver and cheviot; also Toree-quarter Length Double-
Breasted Jackets of cheviot, beaver and covert cloth ; worth $10 and $12 50, will be
closed oat at $5 each.
LADIES' CLOTH CAPES.
At si.sd!;-
LADIES' SINGLE CAPES, in light and heavy weights, in dark and medium shades,
trimmed with braid, lace, etc., worth $5 and $6, will tie closed out at $1 50 each.
At $2.50.
LADIES' SHORT AND MEDIUM LENGTH SINGLE AND DOUBLE CAPES, in
navy, brown and tan, with applique and braid trimmings, worth $6 50 and $7 50,
-■■' will be closed out at $2 50 each. .
At £63. 50.
LADIES' DOUBLE AND SINGLE CAPES, in plain and fancy cloths and velvets,
handsomely trimmed with silk, lace embroidery, jet, etc., worth $850 and $10, will
be closed out at $3 50 each.
At 45.00.
LADIES' SINGLE AND DOUBLE CAPES, in fancy cloths, also plain cloths in
shades of tan, with trimmings of thibet fur, braid, etc., worth $10 and $12 50, will
. be closed out at $5 each.
LADIES' WRAPS.
At $1.00.
275 WRAPS, with long tabs, suitable for elderly ladies, elaborately braided, embroid-
ered, and others trimmed with fringe, worth $10, $12 50, $15, $20 and $25, will be
~, closed out at $1 each. i „ ••> •'-■'■ ■/:•'••
LADIES' SUITS.
. At 1 . SO.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, suitable for tramping, in light and dark shades, neatly
finished, worth $5 and $6, will be cloyed out at $1 50 each.
At 53.50.
LADIES' OUTING. SUITS, in gray as well as tan mixtures, in light effects, also dark
colors and mottled goods, worth $6 50 and $7 50, will be closed out at $2 50 each.
-At $3.50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, in dark shades, with double-breasted jackets, also light
and medium shades with tight-fitting ripple jacket, worth $7 50 and $3 50, will be
closed out at $3 50 each.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS
At *1.00.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, in medium and dark shades, worth
$3 and $4, will be closed out at $1 each.
i,t' .'' * At £13 1 . 50.
CHILDREN'S DOUBLE-BREASTED JACKETS, of checks, mottled effects, nary
and scarlet, solid colors, worth $5 and $6, will be closed out at $1 50 each.
LADIES' SILK AND WOOL WAISTS.
At $&50.
25 dozen LADIES' "WAISTS, in fancy stripes and figured Bilks, made in the latest
; styles, regular price $5 50 and $6, wiil be closed out at $2 50 each.
At 4 I.OQ
10 dozen LADIES' WOOL WAISTS, made of fancy checks and plaids, made in the
latest style, regular price $3 50, will be closed out at $1 each.
2— GREAT SPECIALS IH DRE^M^EBIftLS— 2
'.-..•• -. . • ■ -'V-V*, At SO Cents. . "■ . .
120 pieces 40-INCH ALL-WOOL AND SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY
COLORED DRESS GOODS, extra value for 75c, $1 and $1 25, will be closed out at
50c a yard. ' f;:;-:
At 85 Cents. l-^--
-25 pieces 58-INCH EXTRA HEAVY ALL-WOOL BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGE, reduced from $1 50 to 85c a yard.
DAMAGED BY WATER!
Balance of Fine BLANKETS, TURKISH TOWELS,
CANTON FLANNELS, Etc., damaged in our
basement, to be cleared out at once.
/M/lff^^' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Market Street corner & Joig^ /
910
BROWS DID NOT
KEEP HIS WORD
His Attorney Forbade Him
to Make a Statement to
Mrs. Cooper.
LLOYD OUT OF THE CASE.
Strong Commendation of the
Brave Woman of the
Prayer-Meeting.
MISS OVERMAN A HYPNOTIST.
Mrs. Davidson Says Mattie Has Mes
meric Power Over Men— Fighting
to Postpone the Trial.
Rev. Dr. C. 0. Brown, so far as any one
outside of bis present family circle knows,
still bears alone the deep secret of what is
embodied In the statement which, ne
claims, if made public would remove
every vestige of suspicion in the minds of
those who are inclined to put faith in the
charges of gross immorality made against
him by Mrs. Mary Abbott Davidson.
He dia not divulge the contents of this
sacred document yesterday morning at 11
o'clock to Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper at his
liome, as he had promised to do at the
prayer-meeting in his church last night.
His reason for failing to keep his word was
that ex-Judge Davis Louderback, the attor
ney employed by the pastor to prosecute
Mrs. Davidson on the charge of extortion,
had ordeied him to remain silent.
Mrs. Cooper and her daughter Hattie
were just putting the finishing touches to
their street toilets, preparatory to setting
out for the residence of Dr. Brown, when
a summons came to the telephone. It
proved to be from the willing-to-make-a
etatement minister. Its purport was as
follows:
"Judge Louderback saw in the newspa
pers this morning my offer to make a
statement to you in confidence, and has
forbidden me to do so. My offer last night
was made on the impulse of the moment.
I am very sorry to have given you any
trouble in the matter."
This was virtually all that passed. Ac
cording to Mrs. Cooper, who was most
reluctant to speak of the affair at all, the
voice of her lawyer-ridden pastor sounded
extremely genial. As she expressed it:
"It made me feel glad to hear again his
voice in pleasant tones.
"You have no idea what a relief it was
to me," said the heroic lady, "to know
that 1 was not to be placed under the or
deal of having to see Dr. Brown and listen
to hi 9 statement. The task was strongly
repugnant to me, but I had determined to
put my own feelings entirely aside, even if
it prostrated me, which 1 feared it would
do at one time. But, thank God, this trial
has been spared me.
"I have been extremely worried over my
course of action. I fell I was right and
would not have been able to rest had I not
acted as I did. But it cost me more than
most peopie can realize. I love my
church, and was always most loyal to Dr.
Brown, but felt that the church was at
stake. Ever since the death of my dear
husband I have been troubled with my
heart. It is not organic, but acute, and
last night it thumped so hard and rapidly
that at one time I" thought I should fail.
However, I have survived, and hope to see
the whole matter soon cleared up.
■'I wonder why some of those who,
after the meeting spoke encouraging
words to me, did not do something during
the heat of the excitement to show me I
was right. It was a terrible thing for me
to do. but I felt that I had to do it.
"I had no intention of asking Dr. Brown
any questions during the proposed inter
view. I would simply have listened to his
statement and have come to a conclusion
from that, but I am glad that I am not in
possession of his secret. I only want to
have the truth made manifest. I have
done my best.
"They bring no solid evidence. But
they will havt to put it in when the trial
takes place. They passed resolutions of
confidence — almost of adulation — and I
was not prepared, as a member of the
church, to give even my tacit consent to
them. Therefore, I spoke.
"If I discos r er that my conduct has not
been justified by future developments, I
shall gladly go into the pulpit and say
that I am sorry for what I have done. But
in the light of existing evidence I feel that
lam right. What we want is righteous
ness and justice, and it would make ma
feel very glad to see him exonerated.
"I would certainly go to hear him preach,
for I love my church rather than the man.
I have been a church member since I was
11 years of age, and taught my first Bible
class when I was 14.
"My course of action was well consid
ered before it was carried out. The day
before the meeting I went to one of the
trustees and informed him of my feelings
and ideas, and he told me 1 was right and
to go ahead and make a protest against the
resolutions."
Mrs. Cooper received an anonymous let
ter a few days ago intimating that she was
making herself liable to church discipline
for speaking against Dr. Brown according
to newspaper reports. In fact, the letter
was considered by Mrs. Cooper as a threat
intended to make her remain silent dur
ing the present controversy.
One of the vain efforts to gag Mrs.
Cooper at the Wednesday night prayer
meeting was made by Dr. "Brown himself
when he interrupted her statement by de
claring that she was violating one of the
rules of the church in publicly denouncing
him before she had appealed to him per
sonally. Mrs. Cooper replied that she
had done so in letters written to him.
But Dr. Brown denied having received
them.
When Mrs. Cooper was asked about j
them yesterday she instinctively turned to j
her diaries for confirmation of her asser
tion. The daily record for 1895 showed
that she had written Dr. Brown on the
29th of December, and the diary for this
year showed she had atrain written him on
the sth of January. Each of the letters
was inclosed in an enveloDe bearing the
following inscription in the left hand upper
corner:
Keturn to Mr?. Sarah B. Cooper,
President of the
Golden Gate Kindergarten Association
and Free Normal Training School,
1902 Valiejo street, San Fraiscisco, Cal
If not delivered in 10 days.
Neither of these letters has been re
turned to Mrs. Cooper, nor has she beard
from either.
The one written on the 29th of December
was of a non-committal character and was
so phrased that if the recipient were
guilty it would be a condemnation of him,
while if he were innocent it would be an
expression of confidence.
The second letter was written after the
publication of the Overman letters. So far
as she could remember it read in part as
follows:
I think that every one will appreciate your
great desire to convict so culpable a person as
a blackmailer. But why did you not have an
officer of the law in your library, which affords
such ample facilities for concealment, and
have her tell her story, pay her the money and
then have the officer arrest her? Then you
would have protected yourself ana the church
and all concerned.
Referring to the letters she had received
f-oni Mattie Overman at the time she ap
plied for work in the kindergarten schools,
Mrs. Cooper stated she went to Dr. Brown
to inquire about Miss Overman's charac
ter, and he stated that it was irreproach
able.
A call was made at the residence of Dr.
Brown to confirm the news that he had
again receded from his purpose of making
a statement, but Mrs. Brown, an entirely
different person from the genial and de
vout lady of the Wednesday evening
prayer-meeting, used scant courtesy in
refusing any communication with her
husband. The only recompense the news
gatheerr had for his trouble was a sisht of
Miss Overman, apparently enjoying a sun
bath in the bay-window fronting the street.
The deacons and trustees of tlie First
Congregational Church seem excellently
well pleased over the result of the Wednes
day nignt prayer- meeting. The rean
ointment of Dr. Brown seems a consum
mation devoutedly to be wished for by
those who have his interests most keenly
at heart. Now that this has been accom
plished they are practically unanimous in
the opinion that it would be unwise to
talk further about the matter.
This is particularly true of Deacons
Dexter and Berrmrd. Deacon Dexter has
a grievance, however. He seriously objects
to the statement that he did not "call
down" those who hissed and sneered when
Mrs. Cooper endeavored to address the
congregation, lie claims that he did rap
for order, and to substantiate this called
on Deacon Barnard, who was present when
the interview took place, to corroborate his
statement. Mr. Barnard readily did so.
"I object to that part of the report in the
morning papers," said Mr. Dexter, "where
it is stated that the chairman made no ef
fort to protect Mrs. Cooper. This is un
qualifiedly false. When the first disturb
ance occurred I told the people that such
as that, meaning the hisses, would not be
allowed. When the same thing was re
peated a few moments later I called them
down again.
'•That was all any man could do, and I
seriously object to having it appear that I
was partial to Dr. Brown. Why, I would
have given my worst enemy a show under
similar circumstances. I am always im
partial on the platform."
"Is Mrs. Stockton still a member of the
church ?" was asked.
"So far as I know she is in good stand
ine, but that is something I do not care to
talk about," said the deacon. ''In fact I
could not if I would. Just put it that I
do not care to talk about her."
Mr. Dexter was asked to pive his opinion
of young Valentine Brown's hissing Mrs.
Cooper at the prayer-meeting.
"Of my own knowledge, I do not know
that he did. But if he did — well, it was
very, very reprehensible. More than that
I cannot say at present."
Deacon Barnard was equally as uncom
municative as his brother of the recent
board of inquiry. He positively refused
to discuss Dr. Brown, though he did in a
mild-mannered way criticize the pastor
for not reporting the case of Mrs. Stockton
to the deacons or standing committee.
"I have nothing to say about Dr.
Brown. His course is dictated by an
honest desire to see justice done, and un-
lac-Simile of a Portion of the Fraudulent Letter Purported to Have Been Written
by Mr. Valentine.
til he speaks^ my lips are sealed. Mrs.
Stockton, I think, is still a member of the
church and in good standing. I will not
say anything more than this."
A prominent member of the First Church
received a letter yesterday from another
memlier of the church in which occurs
the following:
When Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper can be publicly
hissed in the presence of her pastor without
one word of protest from the pastor, it would
be well to know to \vhat depth? the adherents
of Dr. Brown will go.
Another communication that passed be
tween members of the church contained
the following with reference to Mrs.
Cooper and her action Wednesday night:
God bless her for the Christian spirit, the
true words and the noble courage of her con
victions that was displayed in the part she so
heroically took at the meeting last night.
A third epistle from one member to an
other read in part as follows:
She has done a service that will tell for right
eousness and the kingdom of Christ in this
City. It must have caused her great sacrifice
— almost supreme in itself— to appear and
speak so firmly and so eloquently for the
c.'iurch in such a presence and against such a
tide. The divine power is on her side, be as
sured.
In none of the above cases would the
recipients divulge the names of the writers,
but in all the cases they were male mem
bers of tne church.
For the first time since the scandal be
came the absorbing theme of public
interest a Congregational minister has
censured Dr. Brown, though it is in a
mild, regretful sort of way.
"What do you think of the position as
sumed by Dr. Brown," was asked of tha
Rev. Mr. Flawith, pastor of the Fourth
Congregational Church, yesterday. His
reply was as follows:
In the first, place, I wish to express my
sorrow for the entire affair. It is hurt
ing Congregationalism. I sympathize with
the First Congregational Church, and wish
their troubles could be settled speedily, for it
is mining ray own work.
1 do not want to say anything that will hurt
Dr. Brown, yet I fear he is doing an injustice
to himself.
He may want to send Mrs. Davidson to San
Quentin, but he has himself and the church to
save. Dr. Brown I consider is right in quoting
Beecher as a precedent, provided his church
will stand by him as Plymouth did by Beecher.
But it the newspaper reports are true and
the church dhows signs of disintegration and
discord, I feel it unwise for him to persist. 1
concede the claim of Dr. Brown that there
might be things which should be kept secret
no open investigation until after Mrs. David
son's trial is ended. Yet that could be done
and his church suved by a little sacrifice on
his part in not occupying the pulpit until he
is cleared of the accusation now resting against
him.
I suppose Dr. Brown will do as he likes any
how, but he will certainly gain more friends
in his own church by following such a course
as the masses of the congregation demand. I
think then his members would be patient and
forbearing enough to wait until the civil trial
ends.
I do not fear any ill effects for one moment,
provided that the church and all concerned
f»ce the situation nobly, frankly and boldl".
The First. Congregational Church will holrTa
more influential position than it eve * has. The
whole Christian atmosphere will . c purer,
the Christian churches will be more con
secrated—trust less to the arm of flesh, and in
stead of truckling to the morbid tastes of the
people for revenue tney will see as they never
did oefore. possibly, that righteousness really
does exalt; and to make progress slowly, and
spiritually, is the safest in the end.
Among the ministers this affair is already
doing good. At the last meeting of the Mon
day Club Dr. French read an essay which was
more caustic in its terms against the selfish
ness and worldliness of the church than Pro
fessor Herron's statements last sprinpr. before
tins same club. Dr. Herron was more mild,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
Mattie Overman, as She Appeared in the liay -Window of Dr. Brown's House
Yesterday Morning.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
yet he was Jeered ; Dr. French was severe, and
yet they cheered him.
A prominent member of the church in
speaking of Dr. Brown said:
Dr. Brown should not be allowed to preach
In the First Congregational Church again.
There are a hundred reasons for this, but none
more pertinent than the fact that he continues
to harbor the woman who has brought all this
trouble on him— a woman about whom many
things fcavc been said seriously affecting her
character.
The pastor of the First Congregational
Church is the most unpopular man in it, and
he is only kept there because he caters to the
rich men— the capitalists. Everybody who
knows anything about church affairs at all
knows this to be true.
Mrs. Cooper did a very brave act, and should
be applauded by all Christian people. Dr.
Brown refers to "his war record and all that
sort of thing, but I doubt If he was ever unaer
actual fire, except such as falls to the lot of
drummers. But no soldier ever did a nobler
or more courageous act than was performed
by Mrs. Cooper Wednesday night.
It took splendid nerve and the courage born
of conviction to face the crowd of partisans
who had come together et the call of the pas
tor. Phe did it nobly, however, withstanding
the galling fire of hisses and groans unlU she
had told her story and urged Dr. Brown not to
attempt to occupy the pulpit until he had
cleared away the clouds now surrounding him.
la all probability I will be called upon to
testify before the Superior Court on a matter
affecting Dr. Brown and Miss Overman. He
introduced this young woman to me as his
niece, and that, too, in the presence of his
wife. She entered no objection, and it never
I occurred to me to question her statement.
| However, all this is of minor importance at
! the present time. Mrs. Cooper evidently spoke
j for the great majority of the members'of the
] congregation, and her worris will bear good
: fruit at the meeting next Wednesday night.
Dr. McDonald, one of the most "influential
members of the church, is very indignant over
the treatment Mrs. Cooper received at the
hands of certain members of the congregation
! at the Wednesday night prayer-meeting. In
| speaking of the matter he said yesterday :
Being pastor of any church presupposes a
[ man to be possessed of gentlemanly instincts —
refined and at all times courteous to ladier. 1
I was amazed that a woman like Sarah B.
i Cooper should be insulted in h^r own City and
: by her own people. What astounds me'most
of all, however, is that she should be allowed
to leave the platform without an apology
from Dr. Brown or af least some word of pro
! test. *
j I have talked with many people to-day, and
! they are unanimous in the opinion that Mrs.
i Cooper has covered herself with glory. Among
j aii the men present not one had nerve enough
Facsimile of the Handwriting of Rev. Dr. C. a Brown.
I to come forward aud do what Mrs. Cooper did. I
■ It is a fact that she is more widely known in I
! America than Brown ever was or ever would '
j have been but for the scandal he is now mixed
j up in. I was back East two years and I found ■
I that she was regarded a& one'ot California's in
stitutions.
The action of Dr. Brown to-day in refusing to
keep the promise made Mrs. Cooper— that is, to
show her the evidence of his innocence— has
damaged his cause a great deal, and many
who have hitherto professed great faith in the
pastor now regard him with suspicion.
Mrs. M. A. Davidson, when seen at !
branch 3 of the County Jail yesterday !
afternoon, made no effort to conceal her ;
pleasure over the actiou of Mrs. Cooper or :
her contempt and disgust for "the men of
putty," as she termed those who had
j adopted resolutions expressing confidence
in the integrity of Dr. Brown. She said
further:
Do you realize what the meaning of that
word, "integrity," is? It means without a flaw
or break— that is, the joint committee have
found Dr. Brown's character to be perfect.
They could not hare selected a word with a
broader significance, and yet, I understand,
they debated long on the matter of just what
word to use.
I would like to ask them a very pertinent
question. Why did they meet and what did
they accomplish? They ought have known
from the beginning that they had no power
and would be able to accomplish nothing.
They simply did as they were bid by Dr.
Brown. lie asked them to investigate him
i
and they allowed themselves to be appointed
for that purpose. Then Dr. Brown declined to
niake his promised statement to them and they
dissolved. Why, the whole matter was nothing
but n huge farce.
They passed resolutions and laid them before
the church for its members to swallow, but they
found they would uot do it.
I think this will work a threat deal of infidel
ity. But truth is truth where ?er you find it.
Referring to the action of Mrs. Cooper
she said :
I am very glad that Mrs. Cooper made her
noble protest. I think she did herself great
credit by presenting her paper, and I think she
did it in a business-like and womanly way. I
consider that she took a very noble stand. 'But
I think she would hesitate f<efore adhering to
her declaration that she would go to hear Dr.
Brown preach next Sunday.
Mrs. Davidson considers the Overman-
Tunnell letters the most damaging evi
dence against tht accused minister. She
said she had siven the matter deep thought
and had evolved a theory as to how their
effect would be destroyed so far as any
injury to Dr. Brown was concerned. She
said:
Miss Overman Is madly and wildly In love
with I>r. Krowr., she Is determined to fasten
herself on him and will do anything to save
him from public condemnation. My idea is
that she will admit the authorship of the let
ters, will confess to having been a party to
conspiracy to blackmail Dr. Brown, and that
these inters were written to further the propos
ed scheme of extortion ; she will then announce i
her deep and full repentance, due to his !
benign influence, and as a result of the whole I
affair will be admitted to full membership in |
his church. She has already propounded for
admission.
she has long waited for an opportunity of
this kind and I am sure fhe will take every
advantage of it.
She i 3 an unscrupulous woman and will do
anything to save him. She lias sold herself to
him already. She has told me that she would
follow that man to the end of the world.
l)r. Brown told me she had n power over him
which was irresistible; that when he was with
her ho was just as she chose him to be. He !
wns perfectly helpless when in contact with I
her.
She has a great advantage over him. She |
says she has such power; that for years and I
years she has possessed this power to influence j
any peracrn just as she cho^e. She did not call '
It hypnotism, but Dr. Brown did use that ex- j
pression in speaking of her power over him.
She once said to me, "I don't caro how strong
the man may be, I can make him do just as I
wish." She has evidently tried it on Captain
Lees, for he says he has perfect confidence in
her. She evidently tried it on him with great
success.
Mrs. Davidson called attention to the
fact that Dr. Brown had been providing
the press with extracts from papers and
letters tending to show her previous bad
character. She stated that she would not
follow in his "unchri-stianlike course," as
she phrased it, but would simoly ask that
something in her favor be published. She
then produced the following excerpt
from the Rochester (N. -V.) Democrat and
Ch r onicle:
Joseph C. Wilson of 495 Plymouth avenue, a !
stockholder in the Self-adjusting Corset Com- I
pany, was seen by a reporter last night. He j
expressed himself as much grieved at the |
trouble that had come to the hrm's aeent in i
San Francisco. He said:
'•Mrs. Davidson is a woman who would inspire !
confidence wherever she was placed. Her j
character has always been above reproach, and !
I she has been intrusted by us with considerable i
! sums of money when it would have been very !
I easy, had she been so inclined, to cheat us.
■'The members of the firm do not place any !
creneiiee in the reports that are coming con- '■
oerning the complicity ol Mrs. Davidson in a!
scheme of blackmail. From all we know of
bar, she is a woman who would scorn to do I
such a thing. It will certainly require very
convincing proof to lead us to believe these
stories that are being circulated regarding our
agent."
She also produced a letter from her firm I
under the date of January 21, as follows:
Your esteemed and welcome letter of the j
12th inst. received and contents carefully !
noted.
We deeply sympathize with you in your j
trouble and, trust you may have patience and i
fortitude to bear it nqbly, believing as we do it
will eventually prove that you are right.
Doubtless you have received various
clippings sent you of Eastern pa
pres in which we have expressed our
utmost faith in you and your ability to
prove that you are in the right. Very many
triends of yours throughout the East oiler,
through us, their condolence to you. Hoping
for a speedy and honorable termination of all
your trial.-. Our knowledge of you and your
past superb record as our general* manager for
eight years of our Eastern States depart
ment leads us to speak a« we do of you without
fear or favor. Wishing you all that is good, we
Bmost respectfully.
the Self-adjusting Corset Co.
rs. Davidson has been given to under
stand that she is to be arraigned to-mor
row. She will endeavor to have her case
set as far ahead as possible, so as to iret
the benefit of any statement or new evi
dence that may be contributed by the trial
of Dr. Brown before a church council. She
will make every effort to have her trial de
ferred until Dr. Brown's church takes
definite action in his case.
Reuben H. Lloyd, who was employed by
one of the parishioners 'of Dr. Brown's
church to assist the prosecution in the pre
limary hearing of Mrs. Davidson, will not
again appear in the case.
H« stated yesterday that his reasons for
not being any longer connected with the
case were that he would be too busy with
other matters to give his services, and also
his general dislike to all criminal business,
from which he withdrew many years ago.
He said he was engaged to* perform a
certain duty ; that he had done all he had
agreed to do, and that he thought the City
Prosecuting Attorney, assisted by Dr.
Brown's counsel, ought to be able to con
duct the case to a "atisiactory conclusion.
The following letter was received by the
editor of the Bulletin yesterday. It pur
ported to have been written and sent by
J. J. Valentine, president of WeJls-Fargo
&Co.'s bank, but Mr. Valentine declares
it a fraud.
He called attention to one peculiar fea
ture in it. He said that the only person
who knew that he and Dr. Brown had met
but once during the year were himself and
Dr. Brown.
San Francisco, Jan. 29, 1896.
To the Editor of the Bulletin: In common
with many others who have long been readers
of your valuable paper i regret exceedingly to
see the course you are pursuing in regard to
the Rev. C. O. Brown. The disposition to
hound a man who has as yet had no hearing,
and to pronounce judgment upon him before
his side of tne case has been heard, is unfair,
unjust and utterly reprehensible. It really
seems as if n man who has the courage to ex
pose a blackmailer must be punished for tak
ing a manly and open course.
But, regardless "of the merits of the case, all
lovers 01 fair piny must deprecate the ten
dency to pronounce a verdict before the evi
d^ nee is all in. Every man is entitled to a pre
sumption or innocence before trial, and it
would be as fair for a Judge to instruct a jury
to bring in a verdict of "guilty" after the peo
ple had rested as to condemn a man before we
have heard his side of the case.
I know the Rev. Dr. Brown very slightly. I
have seen him but once in the last year, and
not at all since his troubles began, but his high
character and reputation for many years enti
tle him to at least a fair hearing and a patient
investigation of the charges which have been
made against him. It is very reasonable to
suppose that he does not wish "to disclose his
version of affairs until after the trial of the
Davidson woman.
And when men of the hi«h character of the
trustees, deacons and standiner committee of
the First Cougregational (Aurch give him a
vote of confidence, with doubtless far more in
formation than we outsiders can have, I prefer
to suspend my judgment until he has had a
fair hearing and the truth is to;d. I prefer to
be guided by the opinion of such men, to ac
cepting as true the conjectures of a pack of
scandal-mongers and writers,
Whose trenchant pens, no longer trusty,
For want of lighting have grown rusty,
And pat in.o themselves for lack
Of something else to hew and hack.
There Is too great a tendency, especially
among newspapers, to pronounce a verdict of
"puity' as soon as « man is charged with an
offenss and in advance of his trial, is it not
better towithhola our judgment fora few
weeks and give the doctor the benefit of the
doubt? The church' is not going to let the
matter rest with the trial of Mrs. Davids-on.
. Dr. Brown knows v well as the public knows
that he owes it to them and to himself
to explain matters. Miss Overman has
not yet acknowledged that sue wrote the letters
to Mrs. Tunnel, and even if she does there may
be a satisfactory explanation forthcoming in
due time. Dr. Brown is fairly entitled to the
benefit of the doubt. Yours respectfully,
Jno. .1. Valentine.
CAPE GOD IS DOOMED.
Changes at Buzzard* Bay and Alone
the Coast.
If President Cleveland does not get an
other summer home he will be without
sue within the next few years if the wise
men of Cape Cod are to be believed. A
stranger in any of the Cape Cod towns to
iay is sure to be startled by the statement
hat very soon Cape Cod will exist only in
:he memories of the people who are proud
)f the name because their ancestors came
:rom there. Here at Buzzards Bay there
nras once a good harbor, but now the har
x>r is about a half mile from where it was
hen. The fact is that old Cape Cod, the
lome of the Pilgrims, is being washed
iway.
If the damage were confined to the point
)f the Cape it might not be so serious, but
he washing away extends all along the
:oast. Ten years ago there was a good
uarbor at Sandwich, and lumber and coai
a<len vessels could enter without dirh
:ulty. To-day it is barely possible to en
er with a dory at low tide, and there is
lardly five feet of water at high tide.
What was formerly a breakwater on the
touthern side of the channel now lies
juried in the sand 100 or more yards to the
lorth of the channel, and the channel
rrows narrower with its progress to the
south. Thousands of dollars were vainly
spent by the old Boston and Sandwich
»lass factory to keep the harbor in good
condition.
During the last dozen years the rilling
Up and washing away has been very
marked. The beach banks below the
iiarbor and between there and Fpring Hill,
svhich only a few years ago towered high
ibove the sea, are now in many places on a
ievel with the ocean, which dashes over
?ither at each high tide. At Scorton the
same conditions exist. High hills have
been wSSUed to a level plain and the high
water line i.« 100 feet farther inland than it
tvas formerly.
At the old brickyard at Town Neck there
is buried in the sand, close to the low- !
tvater mark, all that remains of an old !
Rooden pump, which was, within a period
Df twenty years, nearly 100 yards from low
tvater mark and from which water for
irinking purposes was drawn.
At Provincetown it has become a very
serious matter, and the immediate de
struction of one of the best harbors on the
?ntire coast is threatened. The storms I
seem to be more severe than formerly and
the destruction of the beaches more no
;ic?ab!o—rßuzzards Bay dispatch to New
York Mail and Express.
Giraffe Hunting.
Certainly one can scarcely consider it an
?levating form of sport— too often it is low
ering for the giraffe, ns well as for horse
and rider — for it calls forth neither endur
ance, courage, nor extraordinary skill on
the part of the hunter. Practically speak
ing, if he has a gooii hor-e which
he can stick to, and can bit a
haystack, tbere is not the slightest
reason why he should not count his slain
giraffe by the score. At the same time,
it is not to be denied that there is
something wonderfully fascinating and
keenly exciting in a flying race on a good
horse after a troop of these animals. The
country through which the chase leads, the
wonderful effect caused by tne great strid
ing, swaying troop in front of one, the
feeling of exultation inseparable from a
stiff gallop on a good mount, all combine
to render attractive that which comes
perilously near to deserxing a very differ
ent name.
It is certain that all the interest of the
sport is centered in the run, for when once
the giraffe is brought to a stand nothing
but honest pity can be felt for its beauti
ful, stately helplessness. No one with any
real English grit in him will pretend that
they derive from the fall of one of these
great, harmless creatures the same amount
of satisfaction afforded by the death of a
lion or a buffalo. But all our hares can
not be buffaloes nor our foxes lions, so it is
not "veil to set up too high a standard. To
those who enjoy an exciting race on a good
horse over rough country giraffe hunting
offers great, almost nnea^Ved, attractions;
the only question is, w aether the feeling
of pity for its resultant death does not out
weigh the provious short-lived pleasure.
It is so easy to take life; so impossible to
restore it by endless re -rets.— From in
"Haunts of Wild Game," Kirbey.
Medieval Outbursts.
The energies which in our own day find
vent in half a dozen forms of athletic ex
ercise had in the thirteenth century hardly
more than the single outlet of lighting.
Men talked of war an 1 sang of it; and the
close of the thirteenth century was a
period when a soldierly kind had turned
men's thoughts more ?*trong!v than usual
upon the popular topic. The prevailing
tone of society must hnve acted upon the
same immature la<i-5 at Oxford, cooped up
in the narrow streets of a crowded city
without or practically without books!
much as the cheap romances of our own
day are believed to affect the office-boy.
There were plenty of roe;ur-s in the thir
teenth century, of course, who were able
and willine to help the militant student 10
add practice to theory; and when we rec
oliect that there were no better police than
half a dozen Dogberries, that the city was
uniighted and that even lads went armed,
one no longer lias cause to wonder at the
insecurity of lifts in Oxford 600 years ago.—
Macuiillan's Magazine.
A CALIFORNIA ART CLUB
Esthetic Circles Enthusiastic Over j
the New Berkeley Organ
ization.
PEOFESSOR ARDLEY'S PLAN.
Every Member Must Work for the j
Education of All Other Members.
A Novel System.
There has been organized in Berkeley by i
residents of Berkeley, Oakland, Alameda
and San Francisco an association of pro- j
fessional and amateur artists in nearly all ;
branches that promises to become famous ;
in the State for its practical and theoretic i
work in the field of esthetics.
.It is called the California Art . Club. At
its head is Professor H. T. Ardley, who !
occupies the chair of decorative and indus- i
trial art at the University of California.
The California Art Club began its life a
Professor H. T. Ardley, President and Father of the New California Art Club
[Drawn from a photograph.]
fortnight or more ago, with thirty charter
members and the following officers: Presi
dent, H. T. ArdJey; vice-president, Mrs.
George E. Swan; treasurer, Kiinball
Easton; secretary, Mis 3 Mary E. Brehm. j
There is no similar society in America. !
It is based on the lines of study which
made the Art Club of London so famous —
the club to which Sir Frederick Leichton,
Walter Crane, Mrs. Paget, the wife of
Lord Alfred Paget. and many other Eng- i
lish notables in art circles belonged.
The distinctive feature of this art club is
the fact that every member who joins mii3t
take an active part in its work. Each
member must present, in rotation, a paper
on some art subject, and this paper must i
be illustrated by specimens of the particu- |
lar subject under discussion. The whole
range of art is taken up, from the history |
of art down to photography, ceramics anil '
kindred subjects. Each topic forms an
evening's lesson and is to be considered i
from practical, theoretical and estnetic |
standpoints. Every subject must be gone
into thoroughly, analyzed, criticized and ,
synthesized, so that a course of a. few i
in such a club means a liberal art '
education. Professor ArdJey is not only!
the president of the new club, but he is its j
organizer, its father, its patron and its ex
pounder. He is a man not only of great
learning in his department, but of vast ex
perience as well. He has traveled ex
tensively — all over the world, in fact— and ;
studied art in all its branches under al- I
mont all possible conditions. He is a man j
entirely devoted to his work, of great en- j
ergy, and pitted as well with the power of ;
conveying his information to others.
Already there are more applications for ■
membership in the new club than can be
considered at present. Many desire hon- i
___ NEW TO-DAY.
LJOW to recover the force pi your nerves when they are weak.
*A He will advise electricity, because he knows — if he is not an
old fogy— that the nerve power of man depends on electricity
that if the nerves and vital organs — which are supported by the
nerves— are weak, their weakness is owing to alack of this subtle
element. The direct application of electric currents to the body
for a few hours daily soon replaces the" nerve strength and builds
the. weakened functions up to a strong and vigorous condition.
That is what makes manhood.
, '; ;; , : • ; ; ■ ■ . •" '
"MAKES PEOPLE STRONG."
It is worn for a few hours every evening, while you sit
\\}Js ; SJ>l around the house, or you can
wear it all night. It makes you
«^ the morning refreshed. You
feel lac warming, life-infusing
llf^k' 911 ***™, 2s^s^^ _^*<^>3tiiM curren^ a^ the time, and reoru
late it by a emali screw so as°to
>^g^«O^^O^^3^^ turn . the power on mild or strong
-^^{^^S^^ at will. It will cure all weakness
.'' ■■ - " . V of the nervous or vital organism
in from two to three months.
•urXYree. 11 " 16 b °° kf " Thre9 ° Men '" With fuU information and names of hundred.
• Q^.T»sri>JE3lia- EIiEOTRIO ob.
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL/ SAN FRANCISCO.
Office HourB-8^toO; Evenings, 7 to 8:30; Sundays, 10 taO.
Portland, Oregon, Office, 253 Washington *£«fc **
orary membership— that is a membership
which shall entitle them to see and hear
and learn without compelling them to
work for the enlightenment of others. It
is against the fundamental principles of"
the club to admit such members', but trie
pressure has been so strong in the past
week that this principle may be abdicated
in favor of a limited honorary member
ship of art patrons and dilettanti, who are
willing to pay double dues for the sake of
remaining inactive. Mf-mbership dues at
present are nominal. There are no ex
penses attached to the club, h?nce no fund
necessary at present. But art circles are
so stirred up over the happy plan that it is
thought a hall will have to to hired soon,
since the private residences of the club's
members will be inadequate to accommo
date all who desire to attend. Mir.dswill
be necessary then, and this will, perhaps,
open the way for the honorary members.
A great many schoolteachers on this
side of the bay have made application
for membership, and amateur art circles
on the Alameda side of the bay are en
thusiastic over the opportunity thus
afforded for securing diversified and prac
tical insight into the beautiful mysteries
of things that are pleasing to the eyes.
The membership committee, to which
all applications for entrance to the club
are referred, is composed of Mrs. C. C,
Pl.-hn (chairman), Professor W. E. Ritter
and Miss Annie Long.
The programme committee consists of
Miss Louisa Carpenter, Mrs. George E.
Swan and F. E. Evans. The committee
on finance and rooms is composed of
Mrs. Ardley, Miss King and Mrs. John C.
Foster. The tirst working meeting of the
new club will be held on the evening of
February 5 at Professor Ritter's residence,
2222 Durant avenue, Berkeley, and there
after meetings for lectures and discussion
wiil be held on the frm Wednesday of
each month.
A STORM OF UNUSUAL VIOLENCE.
Punch Is Thrown Into a Sodden Fit of
Humor.
A storm of unusual violence, coming
from the United States, struck the British
coast on the 18th ult. The usual storm
warning from New York had not preceded
it. It was accompanied by loud thunder
and blustering winds, and seemed likely
to cause great damage. Happily a condi
tion of great calmness prevailed over the
British Isles, the cyclonic disturbance,
seeming to have little effect, unless to
cause a temporary increase in the fog and
doom. Since then appearances give hope
of greater clearne M, with probably bright
and settled conditions later.
It is believed that this storm originated
in a violent outburst of Mount Cleveland,
a large volcano hitherto quiescent; and of
Mount Olney, a smaller, but equally active,
center of fiery disturbance. Until recently
thpy were considered quite harmless. The
Irish newspapers state that both craters
had been for some days in a state of violent
ebullition. Before this outburst the sum
mit of Mount Cleveland was densely
wooded, and produced a large number of
inferior planks, used in the construction of
platforms, than any other headland in the
United States. The present volcanic con
dition lias, of course, entirely superseded
the production of these inferior planks.—
London Punch.FATHER YORKE
TO GEN. MORGAN.
The Chancellor Excoriates
the Ex-Indian Com
missioner.
HIS MILITARY CAREER.
Says the General Was Convicted
on Thirteen Different
Charges.
THE COURT-MARTIAL RECORDS.
What the Catholics Have Done for
Indian Education in the
Western States.
Rev. Father Yorke, Chancellor of the
archdiocese of San Francisco, writing in an
swer to a letter to The Call from General
Morgan, Indian Commissioner under
President Harrison, says;
DTo 'ml Ed £ or 0/ the San Francisco Call— Dear
s** : ><}* Rev. Hon. General T. J. Morgan,
p.D.,_mkes exception to my letter of Decem
ber 1.. 1595. In that letter I drew attention
to the IJon. Rev. General's record in the army
and to hi* achievements iii the Indian service.
My words he characterizes as "cowardly, slan
derous and false." With the quick sense of
honor which distinguishes all such "high
toned, conscientious and brave" gentlemen as
he, after calmly chewing the cud of reflection
lor tix weeks, be rushes into print to defend
ms reputation by maligning his companions
Jn arms.
MORGAN'S ADJECTIVES.
The Rev. Hon. General T. J. Morgan, D.D.,
characterizes my letter as an attack on his per
sonal character— attack uncalled for. cow
ardly, slanderous and faise. Allow rue a few
lines to examine this charge.
1. Mv "attack" on General Morgan, D.D.,
•was not on his personal character, but on his
public record. If th« documents lying at trie
war Bee proved him to be untruthful, vin
uictive and devoid of honor in his public
capacity he has no right to distract the public
attention by cries about his "personal Char
acter." Each one of these vices is a personal
vice, and are officers guilty of them to escape
punishment on the plea that they are per
sonal ? To prove them I did not go into the
Rev. Mr. Morgan's private life. I judged him
by his public acts. If this be an attack on his
personal character I gladly plead guilty.
-. The Rev. Hon. General Morgan, D.D.. con-
Elders that my attack was "uncalled for." It
seems that he has full liberty to come to this
Pacific Coast as a lecturer against the church
and we have no right to defend her. It seems
that he can consort with notorious defamers
of good citizens and these citizens must keep
their mouths closed. It seems that he is privi
leged to go up and down the country on a
crusade against Catholics and Catholics are
compelled to be thankful that they are kicked.
No, Mr. Morgan. You are very much mis
taken if you imagine that past immunity has
given you a franchise to roam forever with un
bridled jaw.
When you attack any body of your fellow
citizens that body has a right to attack you.
That they choose to ignore you at times does
not take away their right to defend themselves.
We are all familiar with the spectacle of the
vicious cur which follows the passer-by snap
ping and snarling. Every time the passer-by
takes no notice the cur returns to his den
barking applause at his own courage. Some
times, however, an unexpected kick sends him
home howling— what an uncalled-for
attack on my precious person '."
3. The Rev. Hon. General Morgan, thinks
my "attack" was cowardly. I am under the
impression, Mr. Editor, that before your read
ers Omfth the evidence 1 -will give in this letter
they will grant that Mr. Morgan is hardly
competent to speak about cowardice. Let me
now remark that my "attack" was made over
my name and in the public print. I did not
ta*e refuge behind anonymous correspondents
or behind a courtesy title. What I had to say
I said it in such manner that I and I alone was
responsible. lam ready now and at all times
to stand by every word of my charges.
4. The Rev. Hon. General T. J. Morgan, D.D.,
considers that my "attack" was "slanderous
and false." Slander is denned by Webster as
"a false tale or report maliciously uttered
tending to injure the reputation of an
other." Wherein has the Hon. Rev. General
proved my charges false? I said he
was court-martialed. Does he deny it?
I said he was convicted. Does he deny
it? I said he escaped on a technicality.
Does he deny it? He has given explanations
in plenty, but the substantial facts remain.
We shall tree soon how much his explanations
are worth, but I have made no assertion con
cerning him which I have not backed up with
evidence, and thougn he proclaims loudly that
these assertions are false he has not dared to
deny a single one.
f HIS "UNBIASED DISPOSITION.
As a letter of introduction to the San Fran
cisco public the Hon. Rev. General T. .1. Morgan,
D.D., opens his communication with the fol
lowing:
"A" very prominent business man of San
Francisco.an army officer of high rank, who
kindly Bent me your paper— which reached me
only a few days ago — accompanies it with the
following statement : '1 read the inclosed very
carefully, and have talked with quite a num
ber of military men concerning your record,
and am pleased to inform you that they are
universally favorable to you, and against Vorke
ana his methods. I know that you will have
nine-tenths of the old" soldiers .with you on
most any proposition against -the Catholics
and their opposition to our grand public school
system. I am not a member of the A. P. A.,
but they have my unbounded sympathy.' "
Let me say -right here that I do not' believe
that such a letter was written by a "prominent
business man ot 'San Francisco, an army
officer of nigh rank." . • ■
Prominent business men 1 and army officers
of high rank are not in the habit of slandering
their neighbors. It General Morgan had a
spark of soldierlike feeling in- him He would
cot have produced the testimony of a man
whose name he withheld. Brave men fight in
the open, but Morgan and his correspondent
prefer to stab in the dark.
If Morgan's friends wish to defend him, I
think, Mr. Editor, your columns are open. I
should like to know the name of the army
officer whose unbounded sympathies are with
the ignorant horde of unnaturalized Orange
men and Scandinavians who hired the Hon.
General Morgan to preach. I should like to
know by what right he speaks for nine-tenths
of tbp old soldiers. Let him come before the
San Francisco public so that we may sco the
brave and broad-minded soldier who is with
Morgan on every . proposition against the
Catholics. •
I know enough of the history of the war and
of the old soldiers to state now that Morgan's
assertion and the assertion of his anonymous
correspondent are untrue. The old soldiers
are not bigots. When the call to arms first
came Catholic and Protestant went to. the
front and inquired not about religious faith.
When In the field, in the hospitals the Sisters
of Mercy and or Charity ministered to the
wounded without distinction of class or creed,
the old soldiers were not "against the Catho
lics." !
On Memorial day, when..the veteran* go from
cemetery to cemetery and in sadness recall the
past they are not against the Catholics. They
see the tiny flags waving over the craves as
thickly in Calvary as in Laurel Hill, and no
unkind feelings of bitterness or bigotry dis
turb their solemn thoughts among the silent
tents and in the bivouac of the dead. j
THE FIKST COURT-MAKTIAL.
The Key. Mr. Morgan gives his version of the
two court-martials :n which he figurea. Con
cerning Coiouel Henry C. Corbin he writes: "I
felt called upon to have one of the officers of
Kiment court-martialed for cowardice
and although the evidence did not satisfy the
court it was true nevertheless. Concerning my
-<wn testimony in the case of the officer [Cor
bin] charged with cowardice at the batue of
NauiTllle, I simply say now, after thirty years
• .; h no malice toward the officer, and
with regret that I am forced thus to say it,
won! of the testimony which I gave at
that time was true, absolutely and unquali
-1 protest that I am not responsible lor
.(? him once again before the public in
•nviable light."
Ir. Morgan would do better to re
serve his protests for himself. Colonel Cor Din
has nothing to fear from being brought before
the public. Let me copy out the finding of the
court ' rbinV justification aud Mor
gan s condemnation ■
„ _, Hj-AIXJITAKTSTRa ' ")
*IBst separate Division, Alabama, . >-:„
Chattanooga, Teun., Marcn 14, 1865. ) :
General Order No. 6. '
L Before a general court-martial, which con
vener. at Chattanooga. Tenr.., pursuant to special
order '20, from headquarters First Separate
Division, Army of tho Cumberland, and of which
(olouel L. Johnson, Forty-fourth Regiment,
I- nited States Colored iDfantry, is president, was
HiTi-.irned and tried Lieutenant-Colonel Henry C.
Corbin, Fourteenth Regiment. United State*
COiorod Inrantry, on the folloivimr charges:
Charge I— Cowardice.
Charge B— Misbehavior before the enemy in
violation of the fltty-aecond article of war.
Charge 3-Couduet unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman.
Charge 4— Conduct prejudicial lo good Order and
military discipline.
Finding of the court: Not guilty.
The court does therefore most hosoHaßly
acqvit hjm, the said Lieutenant-Colonel H. C.
famr"' *" ourteentil l-'nited States Colored In-
The proceedings and findings of the general
court-martial in the foregoing case of Lieutenant
colonel Henry c. Corbin are approved and con
firmed. rl
Lieutenant-Colonel Corbln will accordingly be re
leased from arrest and returned to duty. By
coinniiui of Majob-Gknkrai, stekd'man.
8. B. Moe, Major and A. A. (;.
MOEGAN'S MALICE.
I think, Mr. Editor, that this is sufficient an
swer to Morgan's base accusations a?ainst a
brave and honorable officer. What Corbin's
personal character might have been, I do not
know. He must have been a manly man to in
cur the enmity of Morgan. If he had gone
round the camp denouncing vice and twang
ing texts, with a Bible in one pocket and a
stolen chicken in the other, Morgan doubtless
would have considered him one of the elect.
But because, apparently, he was neither a
Pharisee nor a hypocrite, Morgan tried to
swear away hi? life.
I call your attention, Mr. Editor, to the un
usual words which occur in the verdict— "the
court does most honorably acquit him." Cer
tainly the men who used this expression had
little faith in Morgan's oath. He swora on the
trial as distinctly as he wrote in his letter that
Corbin was a coward, and the judgment of the
tribune was a "most honorable acquittal,"
which "most honorable" acquittal was ap
proved by General Steedman.
This verdict is the more remarkable when
we remember:
1. That Morgan charged that at Decatur,
Corbin, being in action on the skirmish line,
had left it and retreated to a,point in the iear
of the line of battle.
2. That it was shown that Corbin had gone
out to the skirmish line under orders from
Morgan himself toobservc the enemy's posi
tion and return and report it.
3. That at Nashville, where gross cowardice
was charged, it was proved by officers of the
highest standing that Corbin was particularly
gallant on the field.
■X. Thm in the official records of the war
under Morgan's report, charging Corbin with
cowardice there is an official note declaring
that the charge was proven unfounded.
5. That the court censured Morgan for his
conduct during the trial.
"The court takes this occasion to animadvert
upon the uncharitable conduct of Colonel T. J.
Morgan, Fourteenth U. S. Colored Infantry,
I toward ;he accused, Lieutenant-Colonel If. c.
Corbin, during the trial, and vis unotlicerlikc
condu"t w^iile giving his testimony for the
prosecution, by attempting to take memoranda
of the evidence so given, until forbidden by
the court."
Evidently Morgan knew that a liar should
have a good memory and he did not wish to
take any chances.
6. That thecouil put on record its opinion
of Morgan's two chief witnesses. Of one it
said that he was "guilty of misrepresentation
and falsehood," and of the other that he waa
guilty of "falsehood."
7. That when Morgan precipitately resigned
from the army Corbin stepped into his place as
colonel of the regiment and remained with it
until it was mustered out among the very last
of the volume^ regiments.
That he then joined the regular establish
ment aud was in the adjutant-general's corps
in the Division of the Missouri, and that he
was under all circumstances a brave, faithful
and competent officer.
You will remark, Mr. Editor, that though I
alluded to all these things in the letter which
the Rev. Mr. Morgan undertook to answer, the
only plea he could make is, "My testimony was
true." He does not deny the facts, though he
accuses me of falsehood. He does not deny
that the court censured him for his unofficer
like conduct, though he accuses me of slander.
The man he accused of cowardice a court-mar
tial most honorably acquitted, and now that
he accuses me of cowardice I am willing to
leave the verdict to the public.
THE SECOND COURT-MARTIAL.
Let us come now to the second court-martial.
Here is the Key. Mr. Morgan's account ol its
origin:
•As a consequence of my severe discipline
the two officers whom I had court-martialed
joined with others and formed a conspiracy to
get even with me aud trumped up a technical
charge, on which they based their hopes of
driving me from the service. They charged
me with false muster."
I have no evidence before me, Mr. Editor, to
show the motives of the officers who caused
Morgan's court-martial. The Rev. General
says it was a conspiracy. I remark, however,
that if you visit a prison and converse with the
'-onvicis you invariably find that they are ail
innocent and victims of a conspiracy."
They will inform you with an earnestness,
real or affected, that the police, the witnesses,
the jury, the very Judge himself were in a con
spiracy against them. It is possible that this
may be true, but it is not probable. And when
General Morgan, who was convicted on three
charges and thirteen specifications, tells us he
was the victim of a conspiracy, we are re
minded of the old Roman's scoff:
Credat ludaeus Apolles non ego.
The Rev. Mr. Morgan evidently wishes to let
the public understand that the only charges
against him were those concerning" the false
muster. In order to give the public the proper
materials for forming a judgment on Morgan's
case, I copy out the official records of the
court-martial:
Headquarters Second Division, Depart-)
MX.NT Ct'MBEKI.ANI), >
Chattanooga, Term., July 10, 1865. J
General Order -j;-i.
Before v general court-martial, convened at Chat
tanooga, Term., pursuant to special order 34, head
quarters First Separate Division of the Army ot
the Cumberland, March 25, 18t>5, and of which
Colonel Thomas F. Wilder is president, was ar
raigned Colonel Thomas J. Morcan, Fourteenth
1 nlted States Colored Infantry, on the following
charges and specifications:
Charge I— Violation of the fifteenth article of
war.
Specification 1. In this, that the said T. J. Mor
gan, colonel of the Fourteenth Regiment, Culled
States < olored Infantry, did allow the original
muster-in rolls of Company A, United 8 a:.-.i
Colored Infantry, to be signed by other officers,
the said T. J. Morgan bavins b<-en at that time
aware tnat the said musitr-in rolls contained the
ialse muster of at least one oflicer, viz. : Captain
C. W. Baker, whose company, A, Fourteenth
I'nited States Colon-d Infantry, was not tilled to
the minimum strength until the 11th or 12th day
of November, 1863. and who was consequently
not entitled to muster as captain until tiielust
tnontionc-'i dates, but who was nevertheless mus
tered on the herciubefore-mPMioue'l rolls to rank
as captain from the Ist day of November, 1863.
This at Chattanooga, Teun,, during the month of
May, 1864.
Specification 2. In this, that he. the said Thomas
J. Morgan, colonol of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, did order Captain J. G. Vaiietie,
of the same regiment, to sign I no muster-in rolls of
Company D, Fourteenth United States Colored
Infantry, after the said Captain Vallette had pro
tested (both verbally and in writing) against doing
so, on account, of the said rolls having contained a
false muster, and furthermore, that the said
Colonel T.J.Morgan did allow the said captain
Vallette to sign the above-mentioned rolls, know
ing at the same time that they contained a false
muster.
This at Chattanooga, TenD., on or about the 11th
day of May. 1864.
Specification 'Z. In this, that the said Thomas J.
Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, did allow the original muster-In
rolls of Company D, Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, to be slgued by other officers, he
said Colonel T. . I. Morgan, having been aware at
that time that (he said muster-In rolls contained
the false muster of at least one officer, viz : Cap
tain J. G. Valletta, whose company, IV was not
filled to the minimum strength until the 9th day
of .November, 1863, and who was not entitled to
muster-In as captain until the 9th day of Novem
ber, 1863, but who was mustered ou' the herein
before mentioned rolls to rank as captain from the
'la day of November, 1863, and was paid as cap
tain from the last-mentioned date.
This at Chattanooga, Teun., on or about the 11th
day of May, 1864. . ■
Specification 4. In tbJs, that the said Thomas J.
Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth United State*
Colored Infantry, did allow the niustcr-in 'rolls-, of
Company E, United States Colored Infantry, to be
sinned by minor officers, he, The said Colonel T. J.
Morgan, having been at the time aware that the
said muster-In rolls contained the false muster of ac
least one officer, viz. : Captain A. J. Kolpli. whose
company, X, Fourteenth United States Colored in
fantry, was not filled to th« minimum strength
until the Uth day of November, 1863, and who
consequently was not entitled to muster as cap
tain until one of tin; last mentioned dates, but was
mustered on the above-mentioned . rolls to rank as
captain from the 2i day of November, 1803, and
was paid as captain of Company X, Fourteenth
United States Colored Infantry, from the last
mentioned date. .
This at Chattanooga, Term., on or about the sth
day of May. 1861.
' Specification . 6. In this, that he, the said
Thomas J. Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth.
■United States Colored Infantry, did allow the
muster-In rolls of '.Company F., Fourteenth United
States Colored Infantry, to be signed by 'other
officers, he, the said Colonel T. J. Morgan, having
been aware that the said . muster-in rolls contained
the false rnusterof at least one officer, viz., Ci p'cii
K. B. Stafford, whoso company F was not filled
to the minimum strength until the 10th day. of
November, 1863: who was mustered on the above
mentioned roils to rank as captain from the. iJd
day of November, 1863, and was paid as captain
from the last mentioned date. . . • - -
This, at Chattanooga, Term., on or about the Ist
day of May. 1864.
Specification 6. In Mils, that he, the said Thomas
J. Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, did allow the muster-in rolls or
Company C, Fourteenth United Ktates Colored In
fantry, to be signed by oth< r officers, he. the said
Colonel T. J. Morgan, having been at, tbat time
aware that the said musler-in rolls contained the
false, muster of at least one officer, viz.: Captain K.
Munk, whose company, C, was not filled to the
minimum strength until the 9th day of .November,
1863, but who was mustered on the above-men
tioned rolls to ranic as captain from the 2d day of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
November, 1£63, and' paid as captain from the
last-mentioned date. .
This at Chattanooga, Teen., on or about the 6th
day of M ay, 1864.
' Charge 2. Conduct unbecoming an officer and a
gentleman. ■•«.-•: :■ ' ,
Specification 1. In this, that he, the said Thomas
J. Morgan, i colonel of the Fourteenth - United
States Colored Infantry, was on or about the sth day
of November, 1863 (while major oi the Fourteenth
United States Colored Infantry), Intrusted with
iwo (2) petitions or memorials signed by officers of
the Fourteenth United Slates Colored Infantry,
and addressed to Major G. S. Steams, commis
sioner of organization of United States Colored
troops, one of which said petitions or memorials
contained a request for the . appointment
of 'i ho mas J. Morgan, at. that time major
of the Fourteenth United States Colored
Infantry, to' the - position of lieutenant-colonel
o« the Fourteenth United States Colored Infantry,
and the other of which said petitions or memorials
contained a request- that Major K. F. Button of the
One Hundredth and Fiftieth Illinois Infantry Vol
unteers (now lieutenant-colonel) should be ap
pointed colonel of the said .Fourteenth United
State* Colored Infantry, and furthermore, that the
said J. T. Morgan did proceed to Nashville, Term.,
and did deliver to Major George S. Steams the
petition or memorial containing the request for his
own promotion, but that he did fail to deliver to
the said .Major Steams the petition or memorial
containing the request for the appointment of
Major Dutton of the One Hundred and- Fiftieth
Illinois -Volunteer Infantry • to the position of
colonel of the Fourteenth United States Colored
Infantry. ... -. :
This at Gallatin and Nashville,' Term., on or
about the 4th day of November, 1863. '
Specification 2. in this, that the said T. J. Mor
gan, colonel of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, having, while superintendent of
organization of United States colored troops at
Chattanooga, Teun., promised the position of cap
tain of a company of the United St»;es Colored In
fantry to Sergeant David Holmes of the Fifteenth
Pennsylvania Volunteer Cavalry, on condition
that the said Sergeant Holmes should recruit the
number of men required to compose a company of
infantry in the United States service, and after
said company had been recruited by Sergeant
Holmes to the "minimum strength," offer to the
said Sergeant Holmes, now a captain in the Forty
fourth United States Colored Infantry, the; sum
of $2 for each man so recruited by Sergeant
Holmes for said company, on condition that Ser
geant Holmes would release the said Thomas
J. Morgan from the fulfillment of his contract and
not accept or claim the appointment as captain of
the aforesaid company, the said $2 per each man,
ottered as a bribe to the suid Sergeant Holmes by
Colonel T. . J. Morgan, being the sum allowed by
the Government of the United States for ■ recruit
ing purposes, and to which sum the said Sergeant
Holmes was rightfully entitled, but which lie
never received, he (the said Sergeant Holmes)
having refused to accept the said sum from
Colonel T. J. Morgan as a bribe to decline his po
sition as captain in the Forty-fourth Itegiment,
United States Infantry.
This at Chattanooga', Tt ni:.,ou or about the 12th
day of .May, lbt>4.
Specification 3. In this that he. the said Thomas
J. Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth Lnlted state.3
Colored Infantry, did. during the absence of Lieu
tenant a. C. Salisbury from his regiment, the
Fourteenth United States Colored Infantry, and
in the month of November, 1864, -order Cap:ain K.
.1. Cussey, Company G, Fourteenth United (states
Colored Infantry, to take from the drawer in the
company desk formerly used by Lieutenant Salis
bury a certain letter or paper belonging to the said
A. C. Salisbury, and to deliver the same to him,
the said Colonel T. J. Morgan ; and furthermore,
that the" said Colonel T. J. Morgan did positively
refuse to deliver the aforesaid letter or paper to tho
said Lieutenant A. C. Salisbury when requested to
do so by him, on or about the Ist day of February,
1864,
This at Chattanooga, Term.
■ Specification 4. in this, that he, the said Thomas
J. Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, did open an envelope addressed
to Lieutenant-Colonel Henry C. Corbin, Four
teenth United States Colored Infantry, and did
take therefrom a letter or communication from
Major Southard Hoffman, A. A. G., to the said
Lieutenant-Colonel H. C. Corbin, and dld-order \V.
H. 11. A very, adjutant of the Fourteenth United
States Colored Infantry, to make and retain a copy
of the aforesaid letter or communication before
sending the same to (said Lieutenant-Colonel H. C
Corbin, the rightful owner of said letter or com
munication.
This at Chattanooga, Term., on or about the 25th
day of January, 1865.
Specification 5. In this, that he, the said Thomas
J. Morgan, colonel of the Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, did canvass or discuss the con
duct or character of Lieutenant-Colonel H. C.
Corbin, Fourteenth United States Colored Infan
try, concerning Lieutenant-Colonel H. C. Corbin of
said regiment, and did ask enlisted men of the Four
teenth United States Colored Infantry their opin
ion in regard 40 the conduct of Lieutenant-Colonel
Corbin on certain occasions, and did allow and en
courage said eullsted men to e.xprcs3 their opinion
concerning the character, conduct or capacity of
Lieutenant-Colonel Corbin in his (Colonel Mor
gan's) hearing .. :tiiout censure or rebuke.
This in the field during the month of December,
18S4.
Charge 3. Conduct prejudicial to good order and
military discipline. • -• - • — r-::-;
Specification 1. In this that he, the said Thomas
; J. Morgan, colonel oi the Fourteenth United States
: Colored Infantry, did, after having received certain
chnrgos and specifications preferred against Assist- i
ant Surjjeon J. It. Ong, Fourteenth United States
Colored Infantry, by Surgeon F. B. Ames on the
24th day of January, 1865, refuse or neglect to
forward said charges or tspeciflcatlons on or alter
the Sth day of February. 1565, thereby violating
the requirements of a circular issued from head
quarters, Department of the Cumberland, bearing
the date of March 8, 3 865. •%■'.;-.'..-■•, ... -
This at Chattanooga, Term.
; Specification 8. In this, that he, the said Thomas
I J. Morgan, coionel of the ■ Fount-en th United
I States Colored Infantry, did allow First Lieuten
-1 ant Charles Hichman, Fourteenth Untied States
! Colored Infantry, to tender his resignation as an
! officer of the United States army after complaint
1 had been made to him, the said Thomas J. Mor
i gan, by Lieutenant D. K. Wright, B. Q. M., Four
teenth United States Colored Infantry, to the effect
that the said Lieutenant Charles Richman had
been guilty of stealing and selling one mule, the
property of the United States, and after the said
Lieutenant Wright, K. Q. M., had. requested
Colonel Thomas J. Morgan to place the said
Lieutenant Richmond under arrest: fur
thermore, that the said Colonel T. J. Morgan
did forward the resignation of Lieutenant Bich
man, approved, without mentioning in his in
dorsement thereon all the circumstances attending
j said resignation, or the offense of which Lieuten
i ant Kichman'was accused of being guilty by
Lieutenant Wright, R. Q. M.. Fourteenth
United States Colored Infantry.
All this at Chattanooga, Term., daring the month
of January, 1865. . ■ ,
FINDING OP THE COURT. "
Of the first specification to first charge—
Of the second specification to first charge— guilty.
Of the third location to first charge— guilty.
Of the fourth specification to first charge— guilty.
Of the fifth specification to first churge— guilty. •
Of the sixth specification to first charge—
Of the first charge— guilty.
Of- the first specification to second charge—
guilty- . ... •
Of the second specification to second charge
guilty.
Of the third specification to second charge—
guilty.
Of the fourth specification to second charge — '
guilty.
Of the fifth specification to second charge— guilty.
Of the second charge guilty.
Of the first specification to third charge— guilty.
Of the third specification to third charge— guilty.
Of the charge —
I And the court does, therefore, sentence him. the
salt! Colonel T. J. Morgan of the Fourteenth United
i Mate.-} Colored Infantry, to be dismissed from the
! service of the United States. I
11. In the foregoing case of T. J. Morgan, Four
teenth United States Infantry, the court having
found the accused guilty of the first charge—viola
tion of the fifteenth article of war— had not the
authority to change the sentence as prescribed In
j that article for such offense, and its failure to con
! form to the requirements of the above ' article in
sentencing the accused is an error fatal to the pro
ceedings and findings of the court so far as relates
to the first charge. : Of the second chtrge, the evi
| deuce before the court, as shown by the record,
does not, in the opinion of the * general
! commanding, warrant the unqualified finding
j made by the court. While Colonel Morgan's con
duct may, on some occasions, have been somewhat
reprehensible, the evidence fails to show a formal
ity on the part o' Colonel Morgan, and would jus
tify the court in making a sentence of dismissal.
As to the third charge, the specifications to which
are acknowledged true by the accused, It is evident
I from the record that Colonel Morgan was governed
I by the best intentions and a desire to subserve the
interests of the service. In view of these facts the
proceedings and findings and sentence of the court
in the case of Colonel T. J. Morgan, Fourteenth
United States Colored - Infantry, is - disapproved,
and Colonel Morgan ordered released from arrest
and returned to duty.' :■■ ■■ -
' 111. Th« general court-martial convened by spe
cial order 34, headquarters separate division A. C.
March 23, and of which Colonel Thomas If. Wildes
is president, is dissolved. < By command of
Gknerai. STEEDMAN.
what the records show.
This is a complete account of the trial as it
appears, in the records of the war office. The
curious" who- may compare the Rev. General
Morgan's version of General Steedman'sjorder
with the original as given above will remark
that Mr. Morgan must have quoted from mem
ory. Several eulogistic expressions which the
Rev. general no doubt thought very appro
priate have been sandwiched in between Steed
man's severe sentences. .-■
That the Rev. General Morgan can take any
comfort from the order shows that his case is
very bad, for we must remember that • " ;
(l; The finding of the court was set aside,
not because justice was not done, but because
the sentence was illegal. * - . .: .
(2) The sentence was illegal because it was
less than the articles of war prescribed. ■ '
(3) The court-martial sentenced Morgan to
be discharged. - . ■ -•
(4) The fifteenth article of war sentenced
him to be "cashiered." . : \
5. To be cashiered means that not : only
should he be discharged, but that forever after
"he should be ' disabled to have or hold any
office or employment ■■, in the service of the
United States." . . ..- - „• % >-
In our criminal courts we can imagine a
convict : getting free because • the-. Judge sen
tenced him to imprisonment when the statutes
prescribed hanging; but I am under the im
pression that while the convict might be very
grateful to the Judee ■ he ■. would not go round
the country boast: of his escape.
HIS RESIGNATION. .
The Rev. General Morgan, D.D., accuses me
of falsifying facts. He writes:
Mr. Yorke says: "Permit me to remark that
soon after these courts-martial Key. Mr. Morgan
resigned precipitately from the army." The
animus of this statement is, of course, on the face
of it. How false it is in fact, and how utterly un
nenerous it Is in motive, will be appreciated by
your reader* when X call their attention to the fact
that the courts-martial were held in March and
that I resigned in August.
Your readers, Mr. Editor, will perceive how
blundering a tactician the Rev. Morgan is if
they look at the date on the records of the
court-martial. General Stedman's order is dated
the middle of July. Morgan resigned early in
August. If this is not a precipitate resigna
tion, perhaps Mr. Morgan can describe what is.
There is no need, Mr. Editor, of falsifying facts
in this nasty case. The only thing necessary
is to set these facts forth as they occurred. No
one but a preacher would attempt to brazen
them out.
HIS WITNESSES.
The Rev. Mr. Morgan produces a host of wit
nesses to bear testimony to his good character.
I have no doubt they are willing to say very
nice things about the reverend gentleman.
Some of them even may love the» ground' he
walks on, but that is neither here nor there. I
am dealing with General Morgan as a soidier,
and I deal with him as I find him described in
his country's records. I find him there with a
stained escutcheon and a tainted name. I find
his word considered worthless by his fellow
officers. I find his very oath rejected. I
find him Etigmatized as unofficerlike and
uncharitable. I find him proved guilty of
thirteen different specifications, and I nnd"him
escaping punishment because the sentence of
the court fell below the severity of the law. 1
find him resigning his office as soon as the
result of the trial was made known, and I find
the man whom he tried to ruin stepping into
his place. These are the things I find in the
records of Morgan's country, and by these
records do I judge him.
HIS INDIAN POLICY.
The Rev. Hon. General T. J. Morgan defends
his Indian policy and incidentally attacks the
Catholic church. He does not deny:
1. That the contract system was established
by General Grant at the suggestion of Parson
Newman.
2. That nearly ail the Protestant denomina
tions—Methodists, Congregationalists, Episco
paleinß, etc.— entered in the contract system
without any scruples concerning its un-Ameri
can spirit.
3. That all these sects discovered that the
system was un-American only when they were
beaten by the Catholic church.
4. That every cent of the money went for the
food and clothing of the Indians, and not for
the mission work of the church.
5. That the Catholic body contributed
$1,500,000 to build schools and equip them;
that the salaries of the teachers, on a Govern
ment basis, would amount to over $4,000,000;
that the $3,430,000 received from the United
States Government was spent to the last cent
in feeding, clothing and nursing the Indian
children.
THE BAPTIST CLAIM.
The Rev. Hon. General Morgan is careful to
conceal the fact that this money is not United
States money, but money belonging to the In
dians. When, therefore, he says that the Bap
tist sect declined to receive anything he says
what is not true. The Baptist sect does not
receive Indian money through the United
States treasury, but it receives Indian public
money from the Indians themselves. Its
schools in the Indian Territory are supported
by funds voted by the civilized nations. These
schools are sectarian schools.
The money which bupports them is public
money, and General Morgan comes before the
people and declare we Baptists believe in the
separation of church and state, and that they
never received any public money! Go to, thou
hypocrite?
MORGAN AND CATHOLICS.
The Key. Mr. Morgan declares, "I dismissed
no one iroin the Indian service because he was
a Catholic." A plain statement of facts may
enable the reader to judge for himself.
When Morgan through church influence had
been appoin red by that moral philanthropist,
Benjamin Harrison, as Commissioner he took
unto himself a bigot seven times worse than
himself, known as Dorchester. This Dorches
ter was a preacher of the same caliber as J. Q.
A. Henry and Donald Robs. He was known as
an anti-Papist writer and lecturer and, there
fore, was considered a very capable man to deal
with Catholic schools.
The Key. Dorchester's first move was to have
his wife appointed as special agent to General
Morgan at a salary of $0 a day and traveling
expenses. She was then detailed to attend her
husband in his travels, and both being thus
provided for at the expense of Uncle Sam they
proceeded to inspect the schools.
FIUST BLOOD.
The first school visited by this worthy pair
was Haskell Institute, a large establishment
situated at Lawrence, Kans. At this school
they found ■ mployed:
Protestants 38
Catholics 6
And one of the results of their visitations
was:
Protestant employes removed 0
Catholic employes removed 3
The employes removed had been nominated
by a Republican, and they were all worthy and
competent.
At the Chilocco school, which was next vis
ited, seventeen employes were found. No
Catholics; no dismi>Hals.
At the Usage school one Catholic was found.
Bhe. was dismissed.
At this agency the advent of Dorchester, who
is a Methodist preacher, was marked by a
strange phenomenon. Tne Osages are the
richest people in the world, and it has become
the iashiou for all kinds of money-getters to
din their buckets in the funds.
Dorchester's appearance was signalized by a
present of $t>o,ooo, which the Osages were per
suaded to give for the erection of a .Methodist
schoolliouse at the agency.
And these are the preachers who do not want
State money.
At the Kaw school the employes were found
as follows:
Protestant 4
Catholics 3
The result of the visitation was:
Protestant employes removed 0
Catholic employes removed S
Among the employes dismissed here was the
superintendent, P. V. Mess. He is a one
armed soldier, a Republican, and had been
employed under Republican and Democralic
administrations on his merits. In his place
was appointed a man named Spray. Morgan
stated that Mess was removed because the in
terests of the school required that other per
sons better qualified for school duties should
be appointed.
This lying statement was given out by Mor
gan while he held in his hand a letter from
Spray, on one page of which there were no
fewer than sixteen misspelled words.
At the Cheyenne school all the employes
were found to be Protestants.
At the Arapahoe school the same happy
state of affairs existed.
At the Pawnee school there were nine em
ployes, one of whom, the superintendent, was
a Catholic.
Dorchester said in one report about this em
ploye, "Booker, although a Roman Catholic, is
a good officer." In auother, "He is a good,
kind, conscientious, faithful man." Was he
retained ? By no means. An ignoramus or
the Spray kind was given hia plate, and at the
Pawnee school not a Catholic was left.
At the Otoe school all the employes were
Protestants. No change. Same ideal condi
tion at the Ponca school, at the Genoa school,
aud at the Omaha school.
At the Winnebago school this was the condi
tion of affairs:
Protestants 4
Catholics .*"'.!!.'"!. '.3
After the Dorcastrian Avatar we find:
Protestant 8 removed 0
Catholics removed .'.'.! !'.'..! !.'..'"! 3
At tlie time Morgan entered office there were
1 14 teachers in the Indian Territory. Of these
only six were Catholics. One of Morgan's
first measures was to make a clean sweep of
the unfortunate six. Not a Catholic was left.
That the Hon. Rev. General Morgan. D.D
left a Catholic in the service is owing to the
fact that the Republican Senators rebelled end
the moral and philanthropic Benjamin Harri
son was compelled to call the Rev. T. J. Morean
down.
Such, Mr. Editor, are a few of the facts which
back up my assertions about the Rev. Mor
gan. We have had many unworthy men in
public office in this country, but never such
canting scoundrels as the Revs. Morgan and
Dorchester. If there was anything more than
another that made Harrison's administration
hateful to his own party it was tho plague of
preachers he let loose on the offices.
From the authentic documents which I have
given above the unprejudiced public can form
their opinion of the man who is "against the
Catholics." We are proved to be antagonized
bysuchaman. What can we expect from a
soldier who strove to swear away a soldier's
life on a lying charge ? What can we expect
from a witness whose perfidy ig inHcrlbedon
his country's annals 1 What can we expect
from an officer against whose name Btands
thirteen times repeated the word guilty?"
But the preachers seem to be without shame
Devoid oi decency, devoid of honor, devoid of
truth, Morgan shambles across the stage of
life a hissing and a scorning to all honest men,
Riid. he calls on a patriotism which he has
never felt, he invokes a philanthropy which
has paid him well, a progress which has left
him far behind, and a Protestantism which he
libels to save him from the well-merited con
tempt of mankind. Yours truty,
P. C. Yoeke.
TlAylng With the Army.
A favorite amusement of the two emper
ors was playing with the French army.
Napoleon delighted in the display of his
condescension to the men and in the ex
hibition of their enthusiastic affection for
him. Their drill, their uniforms, the
niceties of military ceremonial, the gor
geous drum-majors twirlirg their batons
or marching in puffy state— every detail
fascinated the Czar, whose house, says
Czartoiyski, was affected with the disease
of paradomania.— Life of Napoleon, by
Professor Sloane, in the Century.
DAGGETT'S PSYCHOSCOPE.
History of a Play That Antici
pated the Mind-Reading
Machine.
M'CULLOUGH WAS LEADING MAN
Barrett Offered the Authors $io,ooo
if They Would Strike Out
Certain Scenes.
Recently the electrical world was startled
by the announcement that a Washington
inventor had perfected a machine which
was said to be able to read the mind and
transfer to a canvas a picture of the mind's
impression or thought. Several successful
experiments were had and it was found to
be one of the greatest mechanical appli
ances <v«r constructed. Engineers who
THE FULL CAST THAT PLAYED IN THE "PSYCHOSCOPE."
[From an old theater 'programme in the possession of Hon. Rollin M. Daggett-
are ready to believe that most anything;
can be done with the aid of machinery
held up their hands and exclaimed, ''Who
would have thought such a thing pos
sible?" They thought mechanism would
stop at recording the mind's impressions
and the new contrivance is something of a
poser to most of them.
Apropos of this marvel it ia recalled
that Rollin M. Daggett, ex-Minister to the
Hawaiian Islands, and Joseph T. Goodman,
the gentleman who has solved the Aztec
calendar and who has recently returned
from an archeological investigation at
Kensington museum, England, wrote a
play in Virginia City nearly twenty-five
years ago called the Psychoscope. It con
tained a character, Percy Gresham (an in
ventor) rJayed by the lamented John Me-
Cuilough, who had succeeded in inventing
just such a contrivance as has been
brought out by the Washington man, and
which he uses in the play to fix a crime
upon the right person, who is permitted to
go at large w&ile Percy Gresham is serving
a life sentence for the crime of the other
man.
Mr. Daggett, in a conversation yester
day, outlined the plot of the "Psveho
scope" and said:
"Thomas Edison was in Virginia at the
time the play was put on in Piper's Opera
house, Thursday evening, August 15, 1871,
and said to me: 'Mr. Daggett, you have
merely anticipated what is bound to occur
in electrical mechanism and that machine
you have created for your play will be in-
Vented before you are dead.' I thought
nothing more of the matter until I was
confronted by the newspaper announce
ments of the Washington invention.
"As the play went, one Amos Royalton,
a stock aud mining broker, has a daughter
named Lucy, who is in love with Percy
Gresham, the young inventor, played by
John McCullough. who is without suffi
cient funds to pursue his experiments in
electricity. Lucy secures the loan of $1000
for him from her father, and the day Amos
Royalton pays the money to Gresham he
goes back to his office to get a paper he had
left there. Upon entering his rooms he is
attracted by a dim lieht and upon further
investigation finds one Robert Fairbanks,
his confidential clerk, in the act of robbing
the safe. Fairbanks, who sees no way of
escape, takes an iron bar with which he
had previously effected an entrance in the
rear of the office, and brains his employer.
"He strikes him twice, aud has the bar
raised to deliver the third when a knock
on the front door causes hm to hesitate.
"Almost immediately Gresham eaters
and Fairbanks disappears through the
back door. Gresham finds Koyalton dy
ing, and yells murder, which results in
bringing in the police, and the officers ar
rest him as the guilty one, when, in re
ality, he has returned to the money broker
to restore him the sum of $100, which Mr.
Royalton had overpaid the inventor when
he loaned him the $1000 earlier in the day.
Of course the other $1000 is found on the
person of Gresham and is considered evi
dence that he stole it from Royalton. The
result is that he goes to Sing Sing for life.
Lucy believes him innocent, and there is a
woman who is a sort of go-bstween for
them to carry messages, and she keeps
him posted on what is going on op the out
side. Finally, Lucy, woman like, engages
herself to Robert" Fairbanks, knowing
nothing of the fact that he is the murderer
of her father. Gresham hears of it and
eets to work to break out.
"When he was put in prison he was
allowed to go on with his electrical ex
periments, and his tools were permitted
in his cell. He was regarded as slightly
off, anyhow, because of the fact of his
being wrapped up in his experiments, and
was regarded as harmless. All the time
he was in confinement he was working fin
his psvehoscope, and had about completed
it when one night he heard a scratching
near the base of his cell. He heard it for
several nights, and finally, while looting
for the exact spot, a brick was removed,
and then another, until a space large
enough to admit a man was made, and
then from the adjoining cell a convict
crawled and grabbed Gresham by the
throat, warning him not to make an out
cry or He would strangle him.
''The convict turned out to be a man
who was trying to escape, and feared that
Gresbam would give him away. The two
men then formed a plot to get out, and
Gresham told his companion that he in
tended to remove the last barrier to liberty
by burning down the iron bars with elec
tricity, which he does before Jimmy, the
safe-cracker, who is dumfounded by the
operations of Gresham, and regards him
as the devil. At any rate, they get out,
and, to cut a long story short, Gresham
takes his psychoscope and goes to the resi
dence of Lucy Royalton, where a party is
in progress and tableaus are being held.
"He manages to get in the house to ex
hibit his wonderful invention, and with
the assistance of Jimmy and a little flat
tery bestowed in the right place, succeeds
in setting Robert Fairbanks to look into
the machine, on the ground that he is the
only man in the room who is without color
blindness. The same screen that was used
for the tableau is permitted to stand for
the psychoscope exhibition, and when all
is in readiness and the preliminaries have
been gone through with, Gresham sud
denly says in a loud voice: 'Who killed
Amos Royalton?' In an instant the pic
ture of the murder comes into Fairbanks'
eye and the scene of the murder, just as he
was preparing to strike the third blow
with the crowbar, is flashed on the screen,
and Lucy recognizes her father lying on
the sofa, Fairoanks over him with the
weapon in his hand.
"This is the burden of the plot and the
surroundings are, of course, more in detail,
many other characters being brought into
the play. A strange thing is the fact that
in the tableau introduced in the fifth act
representing Elaine was a fac-simile of
the painting of Elaine afterward produced
by Tobey Rosenthal. Another point is
that all of the electrical contrivances that
Percy Gresham was working on in his ex
periments have since been perfected, and I
sometimes marvel at the theories that are
presented in the play that have since been
found practicable.
"The play was never presented but once
and that was in Virginia City. Lawrence
Barrett offered us $10,000 for the copyright
if we would eliminate a certain scene that
he considered objectionable. We thought
it was necessary to the plot and refused to
do it. Mr. Goodman was more opposed to
it than I, and the result was that Barrett
never purchased it.
"At the present time I am contemplat
ing taking it to New YorK, where plenty of
backing is offered, and special scenery will
be painted with plenty of electrical phe
nomenon to bring it up to the age we are
now living in."
Mr. Daggett is quite wrapped up in the
possibilities of the production, and has re
written parts of it to improve the whole
plan of the plot.
PEOPLE'S BANK PROTEST.
Exception Taken by the Tru«t Com
pany on Behalf of Depotitors to
Directors' Acts.
The California Safe Deposit and Trust
Company stated through its attorneys,
Gunnison, Booth & Bartnett, yesterday,
that it would formally protest before the
Bank Commissioners and the board of di
rectorß of the People's Home Bank against
the board's action toward Sherman, a large
debtor of the wrecked bank.
This protest is to be made on the belief
that the Sherman incident was improper
and not in the interests of the People's
Bank; and also on the ground that the di
rectors have no right to rele ase one debtor
no more than another.
The resignation of R. D. Fry from the
board was explained as a move taken after
due deliberation and because at the last
election Mr. Stevens, a director, controlled
a majority of the board.
For this reason Mr. Fry resigned, be
lieving that the trust company could pur
sue its work regarding the People's Bank
more efficiently and with better results
when not represented on the board of
directors.
A circular letter has been issued to de
positors Of the insolvent institution by the
trust company. It is in the nature of a
report of what has been done for deposi
tors who assigned their books for collec
tion, and is a consoling document for the
unfortunate ones to ponder over.
Philadelphia has a barber with_a con
siderable business who has not spoken a
word to a customer in ten years past, and
he is neither deaf noc__dumb. He shaves
the prisoners in Moyamen3ing prison, and
one stipulation in M 3 contract is that he
shall neither speak to the prisoners nor
hold communication with them in any
way.
In &pain it is believed by the common
people that the ants hold religious services
on Christmas day.
A TRUE STORY.
THE MADDEST WOMM
You ever hcanl of was one who got
hart on a railroad. She lived on
Hvae street.
There was a certainty for her of
pain, a good rest and
BIG DAMAGES.
A friend gave her something for
it, which he assured her was goo<3,
so she used it, and then commenced
making a list of all the things she
would buy with the damages. That
was some comfort.
Next day railroad people called
and found her so nearly well they
could not give her a eont. Scene
closed with a profusion of
Feminine Swear Words.
There's a sharp point in these for
RAILROAD MANAGERS,
BICYCLERS and
EVERYBODY.
Her level-headed friend had given
her a bottle of
Mitchell's Magic Lotion,
Which is so harmless and pleasant
to use, and never fails to do good
If Yon Ache or Get Hurt.
Sold by druggists at 25c, 50c and
$1.00.
1 NEW TO-DAY.
■■ , " ' ■ M \ '
107 AND 109 POST. STREET
1220- 1222- 1224 MARKET ST,
Here's a
Glove
Chance.
LADIES' DRESSED MOUSQUET-
AIIiE KID GLOVES— B-button "flpG
 length— reds, itny and black— all sizes ■V\
—splendid value at $1. On sale to-day M %M
and until sold at.. Pali
Three
Silk
Chances.
TAFFETA HAIR-LINE STRIPE •
BILKS — exquisite shades of pink ApC
and blue all that is left — would make 4¥%
very handsome waist trimming** or W V
linings. Reduced from 75c to 0n1y..: Yard
BLACK BROCADED GROS-GRAIN
SILKS— About 15 patterns (larze and
small) are all that remain of this lot,
which has been selling at 85c and $1. P||l(j
To close them out at once we have mHI
marked them at the absurdly low If %£}
price of Yard
. KAIKI WASH SlLKS— These beauti-
! ful 1896 all-silk wash silks, of which
•• we opened 7000 yards two weeks ago,
have created a . sensation— perhaps A B"> '-
2000 yards are left in GO patterns and MN|
color effects. Come at once If you CiW
want a waist pattern at Yard
Children's
Sleeping
Garments.
Better than bed-clothing— it's night-clothing
that can't be kicked off— nice, soft, woolly
union garments that cover the little ones from
neck to toes— three sizes:
No. 2— inches long 50<j
No. 4—32 inches long 60c
No. 6—36 inches long 700
In the
Embroidery
Departments.
GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES— Many
lovely patterns in the new styles— the MAC!
< guipure work 2 inches cambric LI
4 inches— regular price 20c a yard— V V
in strips of 5 yards— very special at... strip
18-INCH CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY A /fen
FLOUNCE— Regular price 50c a yard %f ll
—on sale now at only Vw
• •••••••.. Yard
The 1896
Shirt
Waists.
200 dozen are being opened and marked-,
some are already on sale— they have a ne-v
style of sleeve, very full indeed all the way
from shoulder to wrist— style collars-
dainty wristbands— made of lawns, dimities
and percales. Prices vary from 50c up.
New Goods arriving
daily now. See the beau-
tiful Warp Print Ribbons.
[Better than
Broths
) and
t [Bouillon
!"The ordinary soups, broths
r and beef "teas are worthless" say
A eminent physicians.
! COCOA is the most nourish-
ing and easily digested liquid
food known to science.
» Dyspeptics are compelled to
f drink it instead of tea and coffee.
! Ghirardelli's
* COCOA
is made here — not long in get-
ting to you, therefore FRESH-
EST ; therefore STRONGEST,
most NOURISHING, most
ECONOMICAL.
•V,"- 5 HKr^r £k f\ f"*y '■-''■
TSTHEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR .
X «yes and fit them to Spectacles or I Eyeglasses
with instrument* of his own invention, whos3
superiority baa sot been equaled. M/ tacoMa nu
been due to the merits of my wort
| Um'ce Hours— Vi to Iv. m.
SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF ' THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
r_.' - , i ..■ v iron beds;
p? ' '— -^" BRASS BEDS,
' .FOLDING BEDS,
Wire and Hair Slat- i
• /L' H . ■ • tresses, Keclining i
TT||» Chairs, Wheel Chairs,'
I fllllinf Commodes. Back Rests
liiil \ V F W. a. schrock,
.UwßsfcfiSyfl •" ' -21
f : W- I A New Montgomery
7* 1 . St., under Grand
Hotel, S. y.
RIGGS HOUSE,
VJTasliiitgtosi, X>. O«
The Hotel "Par Excellence"
Of the Satioaml Capital, First class in all appoint
menu. , a. DkWITT. ire**. ,
American plan, $3 per day and
L upward.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
silver unchanged.
Wheat very rirm.
• Barley, Oats and Corn dull.
Rye advanced again.
Corn products higher.
Large receipts of Hay expected •
Beans very dull.
Potatoes and Onions easy.
Butter and cheese unchanged.
Eggs still lower.
Young Poultry firm. Turkeys lower.
Game steady.
Oranges and Lemons declining.
Provisions unchanged.
Dried Fruits and Raisins quiet.
Increased Wine exports.
'
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
Uxitkd States Dkpartment of Aoricoli
ti-kk, Wkather BtRKAV, San Francisco, Jan
uary SO, 1896, 5 p. m.—Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Enreka 23.61, last season 28.73: Red Bluff
IM.<;7, last -• . son 2'J.27; San Fraucisco 12.24, last
Foason 3.68; Fresno 4.09, last season 9.62; San
Luis Oblspo 12.25. last season 80,64: Angeles
5.91, lit season 11.22; San Dieco2.B4. last season
P.^4: Yuma .46, lust season 2.99.
ban I'raucisco data— Maximum temperature 60,
mißtmum 47. mean 64.
Rainfall for the past 24 hours, none.
An area of high pressure is central over Western
Nevada, Northern Utah and Wyoming. The pres
sure is falling slightly along the Oregon coast. Not
a single station reports rain or snow except Bis
marck .luring the past twelve hours. The weather
lias been clear-on the Pacific Coast, but is now be
ginning to cloud up. and rain will probably fall
within the next twelve lionrs on the Washington
<:on.st. The temperature has remained stationary
over the entire Pacific slope, except in Arizona,
where It has risen more than 3 degrees during the
past twenty-four hours, li will probably be colder
in Southern California and 111 the Sacramento Val
ley and in Arizona Friday. - --"■ i'^
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
en ling midnight January 31, 1896:
Northern California—Fair Friday; light variable
winds.
southern California— Friday; colder in the
southern portion: light northerly winds.
Nevada Fair Friday.
Utah— Pair Friday.
Arizona—t-'air; colder Friday.
Kan Francisco and vicinity— Fair Friday; light
northwesterly winds.
A. McAme, Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 30.—The markets
were controlled to-day in a large measure
by the various reports from the anthracite
coal presidents' meeting. Those officials were
in session all day and after the close of
business announced that an agreement as to per
centages had been arrived at on the following
basis, the agreement to date from February 1,
1896. to January 1, 1£97: Reading, 20.50; Lacka
wanna, 13.35: Delaware and Hudson. 9.60; Penn
sylvania, 11.40; Lehigh Valley, 15.65: Jersey
Central, 11.70; Pennsylvania Coal and Erie, 4:
Ontario and Western, 3.10; Susquehanna and
Schiiylkill, 3.50, and Susquehanna and Western,
.o.'
In the early trading the reports that the presi
dents bad or would arrive Jit an agreement stimu
latea purchases of leading issues, and prices ad
vanced sharply. Jersey Central rose to 108: _ack
a-.vanna to ]ii:s"s: Delaware and Hudson to 129%;
Heading to 15 and Ontario and Western to 15%.
A feature Of the trading was the buying of the
low priced issues and the grangers. These stocks
made new hieli records. Northern Pacific pre
ferred advanctd to 16: North American to 53/ 8;
Union Pacifi to 7' i: si. Paul to 72.y 8: Louisville
and Nashville to 47*4; Burlington and Quincy to
78V 2 and Hock land to 69.
Toward the close there was some disposition to
realize prorits because of an advance in the posted
rates or' exchange, unfounded rumors of a hitch at
the coal meeting, and reports from Washington
that a vote on the free-silver coinage bill will be
taken up In the' Senate on Saturday. The opinion
prevails that the free silver bill will pass the Sen
ate, but bankers are equally sure that it will not
become a law, at least during the life of the pres
ent Cong
Opinion is divided as to the effect of the passage
of me bill by the senate on the new bond issue,
some .'relink; that it will shut off foreign bidders
for the bonds, while others contend that it will not
have the slightest influence. In the afternoon de
cline Jersey Central was the greatest sufferer, fall
ins to 104%. The general list lost ViOlVi in sym
pathy. Speculation closed rather weak In tone.
Ne: changes show gains of y»@\lA per cent out
side of sugar. Rock Island and Manhattan, which
lost i 8fa 4 per cent. Total sales, 261,000 shares.
liorifis were strong and active. Heading issues
were the feature, figuring for $1,604,000 out of a
grand total of 2,940,000. The first preferences
rose 3to 351.4; seconds, 2 to 21Vi: thirds, 2 to
ISVi; general fours, 1t079^: Northern Pacific
seconds, lVis to 100; do consol fives, l 3 to 38V2;
do Chici g-> and Northern Pacific fives, 1 to 41;
Kansas and Pacific fours, 1' 2 to 7'ji 2; St. Louis
ssoutb western seconds, lJ 2 to 29%: I nion Pacific
sinking fund eights, 1 to 94.
in Government bonds $25,000 registered fours
of 1907 brought 108: -$20,000 coupon fours of
1925, 115%, and $10,000 coupon sixes 1133/.
«-raln.
FLOUR—Firm: quiet. Winter wheat, low
(trades. $2 30(32 80; do fair to fancy. $2 80@3 50:
do patents, $3 70@4: Minnesota clear, $2 60@
8 25: do straights, CSAS 70; do patents. $3 20(g»
4 20: low extras. $2SO@2 80: City Mills, S4@
4 20: do patents. *4 25@4 50. Rye mixture,
$2 40@3 20: superfine. $2 10<a2 65; fine, $2@2 40.
Sontiiem flour—Quiet, firm: common to fair extra,
#2 3OJ&V2 90: pood to choice do. ?3@3 20. Rye
floor— active, firm, $2 40@2 90. Buckwheat
flour, $1 25.
BUCKWHEAT—4Oc elevator; 41c delivered.
CORN MEAL—Quiet: yellow Western, *2 25©
2 30: Brandy wine, $2 55.
RYE—Nominal. No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, '.Me.
B A RLE V— Nominal.
BARLEY MALT — Nominal. V:
WHEAT—Fairly active, stronger. No. 2 red, store
and elevator, 78y*@78y 2c: atloat, 79V*@79 3,4 c;
f. o. b.. 78i/i'*7By 2c; ungraded red, TOfeßOc: No.
1 northern. Vsi»ic.
Options were Irregular and fairly active, closing
linn at 7^'g.lc advance on firmer cables, free for
eign buying, better West and local covering. May
and July most active. No. 2, red, January, 73% c;
March, 74V 2 ,-: May. 723 8c: June and July, 71v Be.
CORN—DuII, firm: No. 2, 36V2C elevator:
3"i »'■ afloat. Options were dull and firm at %c
advance. May most active. January. 36Vic;
February. 365/ 8c; May, 36yc; July, 3734 c.
OATS—-Quiet, strong. Options dull, firmer.
January, 25c: February, 2434 c: May, 25% c
Spot prices: No. 2, 25c; No. 2 white, 26@26V4c:
No. 2 Chicago. 26c: No. 3. 24c: No. 3 while. 26c;
mixed Western, 25@26c; white, State and West
ern, 2S@2Bc
FEKD BKAN—6O@62%c.
MIDDLINGS—
RYE FEED— 65_i70c
Provisions.
BEEF—Quiet, firm; family, $10 50@ll. Boef
hams, dull, $ll(ail 50. Tierced beef, quiet; city
extra India mers, $15 50@17: cut meats, quiet,
strong; pickled bellies, 12 lbs, 6y 2c; do shoulders,
6y 2c.
LARD— easier: Western steam, 9&92V*
city. f5 45@5 50; January. *5 95; refined, quiet-
Continent, a>ij 25: Sonth America, $6 50; com
pound. *4 75<§»5y 8.
PORK— Dull: mess. 810 75^11.
BUTTER— easy; state dairy, 10@19c; do
creamery. 14ftttl9c: Western, creamery, 16@21c
do June. I4<ai9c: do factory, 9ra.l4i/ 2c: Elglns,
2OVj®23c: imitation creamery, 13@17c; rolls, 91-4.
6tla'-..c. -'-....
CnKKSK-In fair demand. State, large, 7V*
@10c; do fancy, 10@14c; do small, 74i@10c; part
skims. 1 i'ai7c.
EGGS— ."steady, fair demand: State and.Penn
sylvania, 15%t«16c: Southern, 4!a.l4i<,c- per
ca c. $1 5098 60; ion house, . 12@18y 2c: per case,
$-_'@2 75; Western, fresh, lt^Mi-ic; limed, 13c.
TALLOW—Steady: City. 31 3-lti@3l%c; coun
try, 4ft4Vi«c.
COTTONSEED OIL — Dull, lower; Crude.
Vi&24%c; yellow, prime, 27yg®28c: do off grades,
27c.
RESlN—Quiet, steady: common to good, el 60@
1 6.*>.
1 "INK—Dull, easy: 30i4@30%c.
POTATOES-Qul-t. easy: Sweets. f3r^4.
RICE— Finn: domestic, fair to extra, 3<355/ic:
Japan, S%@4c
MOLAS.->i-.H—Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
pood to ire, 27(g)37c
COFFEE— Irregular," unchanged to 15 points
down. February. $12 55; March. $12 25@12 35:
-May, ?1: i 55/'®^ 1O: July, ni3s@l 140: weptem
ber *'.(! ->r<LlO 90: Octotx-r. $10 85: December,
$10 65<§,io 80. Spot-Rio, dull, easy; No. 7.
IJ-Vgc. 0' - ■
SUGAR - Raw. dull, firm; fair refining,
•Si L.c: centrifugals, 96 test. 37 c. Refined, active,
steady No. 6. 4 1516 c; No. 7, 4 7-l«r.: No. 8. 4Vic
No. 9. 4 3-16: No. 10 41^c: No. 11, 4c; N0.12.
« '}¥'' -No. 13 3/»c: on A, 4i/ 2@5 /8c; mold A,
6 36c standard A, 4 15-16 c; coniectloners 1 A,
4 l.i I'Jc: cut loaf, 5 9-16 c; crushed. 6 9-16 c:
powaered, 5 3-16 c: granulated, 4 15-1 cubes
o ci-lbc.
Fruit and Produce. '
I(£A.LIFORNIa FRUITS-Apricots, bags, 9»/«@
PEACHES-Peeled,l4@lsc; dounpeelea, 4Va@
PRUNES—Four sizes, sV*c "v ';
RAISINS— loos- Musca.el 3-crown, S@3iAc:
do 4-crown 4.%@5c: do 2-crown,- 2y 2c; London
layers, 85®95c: rio clusters, $1 25(»l 45 -°uuu"
ALMONDs-Paper-sheli, Jl@l-.' C; do softrshell,
W/S l;£-Slßndaldl 617<-- 00 soft-shell,
HOPB — Easy. State common to choice, 3
&9c; Pacific Coast, 3y 2@9c. London market un
changed.
WOOL—Firm; fair demand. Domestic fleece
16&22( ; pulled, U@34c; Texas. 9@l3c. '
Merchandise.
PIG IRON—Quiet; Amrriej»n, $11 75<ai3 60
COPPER-Steady; Lake. 810® 10 10.
LEAD—Quiet: domestic, $3 05. ■ •
TlN—Steady; Mratts, $13 25: plates, moderate
demand. ,
H SPELTER—Nominal; domestic, «4.
CHICAGO JIAKKKTS.
CHICAGO, IIX.,I IX., Jan. ?o.— For the first hour of
to-day's session the wheat, market exhibited some
etaying-qualities.. but after the expiration of that
period the weight of offerings became too burden
tome arid prices' oecame weaker and dropped
backward. Yesterday's strength m the close was
carried Into the curb trading and over to the regu
lar opening this morning. The Cincinnati Price
Current reported that freezing and thawing were
telling on the growth of the winter wheat plant In
some localities. This was urged jin favor of values
this, morning, but the sentiment adverse to them
was widespread and eventually proved the most
powerful. Liverpool cables were V 2 d higher. Re
ceipts at Chicago were 116 cars and 49,599 bushels
were inspected from store. Northwestern receipts
were 491 cars, against 436 last Thursday and 168
a year ago. Export clearances amounted to 199,
--777 bushels. Closing Continental cables were all
higher, prices here becoming stronger simultane
ously w tii their posting and afterward advancing
rapidly on reported sales for shipment of 400,000
bushels cash wheat at Minneapolis. Ne at York
also reported 10 loads take/i for export. May
hear opened from B4!J4c to 66c, sold between
64Vi@663/ B e, closing at b634@65%c. H/ic higher
than yesterday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow
76 cars.
CORN— Opened V 8@ x /4c over yesterday for May
and held the advance while the early strength of
wheat remained. With the alteration In the tone
of the leading grain corn displayed perfect accord
and prices receded, although not to any great ex
tent. Receipts were 379 cars, 69 more than ex
pected, and 198.993 bushels were withdrawn from
store. Export clearances amounted to 376,511
bushels. Liverpool cabtes were quiet. The later
rally in wheat brought firmness to corn, all losses
being recovered. May corn opened at 30Vi@303/ B e,
sold between 30y and 30S/ 8 @30%c, closing at
30>/4@30»/ c, y 8 @ l /ic higher than yesterday. Esti
mated receipts lor to-morrow 4 ! 6 enrs.
OATS— The trade in oats was ho light that prices
moved only slightly. The influence exerted by
wbt*at and corn governed the trading. Receipts
185 cars. Withdrawals from store amounted to
3210 bushels. May oats closed I.^l 14c higher than
yesterday. Estimated receipts lor to-morrow 190
cars.
FLAX— Was easy. Cash, »2y 2 c: May, 96%@
S&^c. Receipts were 20 cars.
PROVISIONS— An advance took place in prod
uct at the immediate opening, the tirniness of grain
receiving credit for the improvement. The hog
market was weak and lower and product yielded
to that fact and declined later. Puckers were the
best sellers, and their efforts were directed toward
depressing hog prices. May pork closed 2Vi@sc
lower, May lard and ribs 2^c lower.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT.— January, 63Vic: May, 653 / 4@65%c:
Jnlv, 65.'>8@658^c.
January. 28i,ic: May 30Vi@303/ c:
July, 31S, s 'n,:-!13 ■■■■■.'
January. 19c: May. 21 Vie: July,
21S/8«*-'lV2C , ;
PORK— January, $10 30; May, $10 60; July,
810 80.
LARD-January, $5 67%: May, $5 87%: July,
96 02%.
Rlßs— January, $5 15; May, $5 35; July,
*5 50.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111., Jan. Trade
In cattle was slow at ■ barely steady prices to-day.
The receipts were fair and the demand indifferent.
The demand for hogs •was very poor and prices de
clined 10c. The supply was not. heavy. Sheep
were dull and 10c lower owing to heavy arrivals.
CATTLE — Receipts, 13,000. Fancy beeves. .
$4 60@4 75: choice to crime 130T to 1700 pound
steers. $4 20@4 25: fair to choice steers, 1200 to
1500 pounds, S3 80@4 15: common to medium
steers, 950 to 1250 pounds, $3 20m.3 75: feeders,
900 10 1200 pounds, $3 35@3 80; bulls, choice to
extra, $3(gi3 75; cows and heifers, extra, $3 50@4.
HOGS— Receipts. 25,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots. $4 05@4 22%; common to choice
mixed, $4 05 (54 21 L.; choice assorted, $4 10©
4 20; light, ?3~95@14 25: Dim, $3 2504 15.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16.0U0. Inferior to Choice,
5225@3«5; lambs, $3 8604 60.
MEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at Si£4%: last loan at 4%
and closing offered at 4%. Prime mercantile
paper, 6@7%. Bar silver, 67y B e. Mexican dol
lars, • 601/4 C. Sterling exchange Is firm, with .
actual business in banters' Mils at $4 871,4 |
for sixty daye and $4 88Vi@4 88% for demand.
Posted rat«-«, $4 88@4 88%. Commercial bills,
$4 86Vi'S4 87. Government bonds steady; State
bonds null; railroad bonds higher. Silver at the
board was quiet. I
(IWIKA RTOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.. ..95 (Norfolk <fc Wes" ... 214
Atchlson 1614 Preferred. 8
Preferred *3 North American... 63, 8
Adams Express. ..l 47 Northern Pacific. 4%
Alton.TerreHaute, 57 Preferred. "%
American Express.llo Nortnwestern S*9a /4
American 78 I Preferred I*43^
Preferred 101% N. Y. Central 9 ?3 /4
BayStateGas 20 N. Y. ChicagoAS.l. 13i a
Baltimore <SOhla. 43 j Ist preferred 75
Brunswick Lands.. 4's 2d preferred 2 3:ji :
Buffalo, Roch &P. 12 N. Y. &N. H ... Ib 2
Canada Pacific... 67 N. Y. & New Ens. 48
Canada Southern.. 49?- 4 N. Y. susq A \V... 11
Canton Land 607/s Preferred 29
Central Pacific.... l^A Ontario. 10
Ches. A Ohio. 16 Ontario A Western. 15S/
Chicago Alton lf>4 Oregon Improvmt. 23 /4
Preierrea 170 Preferred - —
Chicago, H. A Q. ... 7734 Oregon Navigation. ' 15
Chicago &E. 111... 43 Oregon short Lin*.
Preferred 96 Pacific Mail 28S/ 8
Chlcagouas 6434 p oria. D.i Evans. 3%
Cleve& Pittsburg.lsß Pittsbum & W pfd. 20
Consolidation Coal. 31 Pullman Pa1ace.. .154
Consolidated Gas.. (quicksilver 1%
V. C. C. ASL Louis. 36 I Preferred. -15%
Preferred 88 (Reading... I 4y 8
Cola Fuel A iron.. 28 RioGrande 14'
Preferred 100 Preferred 39
Cotton Oil Cert 18 • 'Rock Island 68%
Commercial Cable. 156 AOj{denll6V4
Del. Hudson 128 Bt. L. A \V 6y 8
Del.Lack&Westernl623 / i.' Preferred liv»
DenverAß.G 13 ;6t.Paul 71sa
Preferred. 45V4 Preferred .......126»4
DistUlers 163 S Kt. Paul A Dulnth- 23
General Electric... 27 1 ' Preferred 85
Erie ItJV4 Bi. Paul A Omaha. 37y
Preferred 25% Preferred... 121 '
Fort Wayne 158 St. P. M. M 109
GreatNorthernpia.lls eiliverCertincat.... 67!/4
Green Bay % Southern Pacific. 203 a
Harlem 28" bouiuern A. X..._. u{
Hocking Coal a ' Preferrea. 28:y 8
Hocking Valley... l fcu(iar Refinery.. ..lo7%
HomestaKe 28 i Preferred. 99Vs
H. A Texas Cent.. Term. Coal A Iron. 28s-'
Illinois Central.... 873/ 4 j Preferred 100 '
lowaCentraL...... BVt Texas Pacific 8
Preferred 31 % ;T01.A.A..t N.r.ncn.— —
Kansas A Texas.. 12 ITOI. A OhioCen.... 30
Preferred 26141 Preferred. 65
Kingston A Pern... 3 jlol.St.Louls<fcK.O. 6
Lake Erie AWestn 21% Preferred 14
Preferred 73 (Union Pacific.. .... 6%
Lace Miore .143% U. P.. Den. A Quit 43/
National Lead 26V21L' .S. Cordage 6y 2
Preferred 86V4 Preferred ioy 2
Longlslana ■ 8 /2 : Guaranteed 21« a
Louisville A Nash. 463/ 8 10. S. Express...... 39
Louisville NaACh. 91/4IU. 8. Leather 97/,
Preferred 20341 Preferred. 63V,
Manhattan Consol. 105' U. S. Rubber 27%
Mempnis A Charts. 16 j Preferred 86
Mexican Central... Utica A B. River.. 150
Michigan Central.. 9t>y 2 Wab. 8. L. A Pac. 7y«
Minn AS. L — I Preferred I7i/s
Preferrea — — Wells-Fargo. 96
Minn. A St. L com. 19 l A Western Union.... 84Vi
Ist preferred 76 jWis Centra 1. ....... 2%
2dpreferred 44% Wheeling AL. E.. 11%
Missouri Pacific... 2f>Va Preferred. 37
Mobile A Ohio 2SV4 Am Cotton Oil pfd. 65
Nashville Chatt.... 66 W V Beef 734
National Linseed.. 18 L I Traction- 20i'
K.'J. Central.. 105 Ann Arbor 9%
CIOSINQ BONDS.
U S4s, re* iO7i/2IM X T2ds 60u,
Do, 4s coupon... 108 y 2 D 0.45...... 811?
V S4s new reg.....114s/ g Mutual Union 65... 116
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..1153/ 8 N .1 Cent Gen 65. ..115
Do. 2s 96 Northern Pac lsts. 11
Do, 6s 11l Do, 2d5.. ....... 106
Do. 6s coupon.... 11 Do, Sfls. 70
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100 Nortnwest ConVoVsll 4 1
D 0.1897.... 100 i Do, deb 8s 107 •
f0.1898 100 OK4N Ists.. 107%
3899 110 StL&lronMtGenss 80
Pacific 6s 0f '96.... St L<fc S F G«n 6s. 102
D.C.3-6 5s 110 ISt Paul Consols . .123
Ala Class A 4 1O«34 t . P. C. *. Pa Ists.ll4i/S,
Do. Class 84, ss. 108 ' Do. Pac Cal ists.. 109
l.aConsol4s 97yi Southern R. R. Os. 907/
Missouri funding Texas Pacific firsts 86V9
N Carolina con 65 . . 1 2 j Texas Pac seconds. 2 1 U,
-.■Do. *•• :...102 UnlonPaclstof9a.lo2i/2
Po Carolina 4%5...10ii West Shore 45... ..106 "
lenn new 55. ...... SS \ Mobile <t Ohio 45.. 66
\ a funding debt... 60»4 X GranaeWest Ist* 7514
£°. ««r ... . .....__ Ches<tO6s 10^/.
Do. deferred 65... 6% Atchlson 4s 75
Do. trust rcpts st 6 j Do. 2ds A .. li.
Canada Kouth2ds..io4Va OH A 65....1"j03
Cen Paclstsof '95 WO Do, 2d 7s. 100
Den R O Ist 112 HA Tex Cen't6i:.loß '
0 -" — • « 9 1 Do.cones 100
*: rle2 <ls 72 y 2 Reading 4s 7r3>5
Kansas Pa Consols 7iy 4 Missouri »>• 100
Ks Pa Ist* DendlvlOS \ , v
FOREIGN MARKETS.
■WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Em, Jan. 30.- the spot market
!, 8 o mer at Bs 9d ss 9V2<». Cargoes are firmer at
2Hs 6(1 arrived. .
KfTtrRES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
*_fis * id: February, 7%d; March, 5s Bi4d •
April, 5s Bi4d; May, 6s BV*d. »°-4 u .
SKCDBITIES.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. -Consols, 107%; silver,
305,4<1; French Rentes, 102f 20c. »»ver,
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days , — " »4 87
Sterling Exchange, sight '_ ' 4 881 A
Sterling Cables _ 4 89
New York Exchange, sight — par
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — Par
Fine Silver, ounce — (37V«
Mexican Dollars 535^ 63^
EXPORTS OF WINE.
Exports of Wine from San Francisco In 1895
were 14,86».00:t gallons, valued at $5,706,000.
against 13,662,000 gallons at 86.4.96,000 in 1894!
■:_ m ' _ — : — r .,
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Higher quotations : from Chicago and
Liverpool gave futures another lift yesterday, as
will be seen by the quotations, and the spot market
ruled firm in sympathy. Two more ships have
been taken for Sydney, showing that the Austnlian
demand still keeps up. No. 1, 81 ll»/i@l 13%
?i«l : choice, 91 i3»i@l 16^4 cxl", lower grades,
*I@l 0,1/2: extra choice for milling, *1 22i/2@
CAtX BOARD HAIRS. '
Informal HEBBION-10 o'clock — May— l4oo
\£ n M, 1 m : l 6 «? ( ?!l» 161 : U00 ' * X 15%. Decem
»7« °* • 1 18%: 300 '« 1 16 V« : 1000. $1 163/ .
«SQULAB Moasusa bJCSBION— Mav— SOO tow,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
$i 16: 2400, SI 16S/ 8 ; 100, $1 lfl»i: 1100.
SI 16^: 1H00.51 16Uj. December— 2ooo, *1 183/4;
700, *] 167/ g; 100. 91 17V 8 : 600, $1 17
Aftkbnoon Skbhihn — December — 400 tons,
$1 16s«: 100, $1 lbi/2; 300, ?1 IBS/,. May— BOO,
SI IHV2; 400, $1 168/ a. Spot, storage paid— loo,
$1 13V 2 .
BARLEY— Quiet and unchanged. Feed, 6-71/2®
70c; choice, 71V*c; Brewing, 75@82i^c fi ctl.
'U.I. BOARD BAI.ES. '
Ikformal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 500 tons,
70% a .
Aftkhn'oos riKSSTON— No sales.
OATS — Continue dull. Milling, 77%@85c
ctl ;. fancy Feed, 86@90c H ct I ; good to choice,
77%@85c; common to fair, 66@76c; Gray, 80®
85c; Ked, for seed, Sl@l 10; Black, for seed, 9 1 10
@1 30: do for feed, 75@85c; Surprise, 96c@$l 05.
CORN— Prices are linn, but there is very little
buslnes- Large Yellow quotable at 90<5>92y 2 c %i
ctl; small Hound do, 90®92%c; White, lJ2:V<iig,Bsc.
RYK-A cargo of 2500 tons having beep pur
chased for shipment abroad, holders have advanced
their askinc prices to 80@85c & ctl.
BUCKWHEAT-Nominal at 85c@$l $ ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FLOUR ANO MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$8 65@3 75 V bbl; Bakers' extras, $8 65@3 05;
superfine, $2 50@2 60 •$ bb). .
CORNMEAL. ETC.— Feed Corn, ?20@20 60;
Cracked Torn, S2O 50@21 ton.
MI LLSTUFFS- Prices in 10-ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Klour,
"■ : 4<-: Bye Flour, SVic: Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn- \
meal, '234@3c: extra cream do, . 3%<*: Oatmeal, :
3&4 c; Oat Groats. 4 ! 2 c: Hominy, 4(<ij4V4c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c: Cracked Wheat, 3%c: Farina.
4 ..<■; whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats. 4 a c:
Pearl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4»4c; Ureen do,
6V4C >■ Bt». ________ '^W'-'r^
• HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— 12 60@13 50 "P ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades up to
f2O 50 f) ton for the best.
TIFFS- Rolled Baxlev, $16@17 V ton:
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $21 %> ton; jobbing,
$22 60: Cottonseed Oilcake, $21. • .. ■ " "
HAY — Dealers expect larger receipts shortly,
owing to the recent rains. No change in prices.
Wheat, $8@12; Oat, $8@10; Wheat and Oat, $7 60
@11 3 ton: Barley, $7@9 50 f* ton; Alfalfa, ?6f<£9;
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 60®ll; Stock, $6@
7 60 & ton.
STRAW— $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS,
BEANS — Business is at a standstill. Bayos
are quotable at $I@l 15 "p ctl: Small Whites,
$1 25@1 60; Pea, $1 50®l 65; Large Whites,
$1 16@1 25; Pink, 90c(g»$l 15: Reds, $1 Ss@l 40;
Blackeye, $1 76<ai 85; Red Kidney, $1 75@1 90;
Li mas, 82 50@2 75; Butters, $1 60@l 70 V ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 95
@2 05 $» ctl : Trieste, $2@2 -0 <£ ctl ; Yellow Mus
turd. $1 40@l 60; Flax. $1 70@l 75; Canary, SVi
@3%c * Ib; Alfalfa 6%@7c V lb; Rape, - 1%
@'-'c ♦< tt>; Hemp, 4c %4 tti. .
DRIED PEAS— Nominal at 81 25@1 60 $ ctl for
Nlles. ■
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES,
POTATOES— . rather easy, supplies being
ample. Merced Sweets, $2 25 "$ ctl: Salinas Bur
banks, Cs©9dc %> ctl: Kiver Burbanks, 30@40c $
sack: Oregon Burbankß, 60@70c; Oregon Garnet
Chiles, 60@70c; River Reds, 60@70c '& ctl.
ONIONS— No further change. Quoted at 76®
90c t* ctl; Cut Onions, 60@60c; Oregon, 75c@?l 05
for good to choice. ,
VEGETABLES— Hothouse Aspiragus, 10@'<20c
"& lb; Rhubarb, 10c; Mushrooms, 2Vsi@l2y 3 c, out
side figure for choice Buttons; Dried Peppers, 6@
10c 1* tt>; Ix>s Angeles Tomatoes, 86c@$l 25 * bx; I
Green Peas. 3@4c <gl lb: string Beans. ; Dried I
Okra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage, 40@50c ■£ ctl; Garlic, 4@sc
ft lb; Marrowfat Squash, $10(0,15 tou.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The situation shows no change.
Creamery— Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 26@26c
Hlb.
Dairy— Fancy. 2S@26c: good to choice, 21©
22% c; lower grades, 18@20c.
CHEESE— Fancy mill new is quotable at 11%@
We; common to good, 8%@10c: Cream Cheddur, j
ll(a)12c; Younsr America, lT4>l2c; Western, 11©
12c: i-.astern, 12@13c % lb.
EGGS— Dropped again yesterday. Store Eggs, 13
@14c; ranch Eggs, 16@16c %4 dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Roosters, Fryers. Broilers
and Ducks are firm. Turkeys and Hens are weaker.
Live Turkeys, 12@13c for Gobblers and 13@14c
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@16c fi lb; Geese, $t
pair, SI 50@175; Ducks, S6@7: Hens, 84 50® 5;
Roosters, young, $6«i7 %l dozen: do, old, 84(<$5;
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $5@5 60 for large and
S3 60@4 50 for small; Pigeons, (1 60@'2 $ dozen
for young and $I@l 25 for old.
. GAME— Showed no particular change. Hare, 75c
<S>sl 25; Rabbits. 81 25@1 60 for Cottontails and
75c@.?l for small: Gray Geese, $2 60@3; White
Geese. 75c@$l; Brant. 81 25@1 50; Honkers, 83
@4; English Snipe, 82 60; Jack Snipe, 81 60 $
doz. ■
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
APPLES— We quote 85c@?l "$ box for good
to choice, 60@76c for common to fair and $1 25@ j
1 50 for fancy. -
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges and Lemons con
tinue weaker. Oranges, 75c@$l 25 for Seedlings and
Sl 'g,2 for Navels: badly trusted stock goes still i
lower; Lemons, $I@l 50 for common and $2_>'J 25 '
for good to choice: California Limes, 75c<a>jfl ~*
box-; Mexican Limes, 85 60@6; Bananas, Sl@2 \\
bunch; Pineapples, 53(g,6 V- dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The market continues very
quiet, though there is something doing. The fol- j
lowing prices rule on the Fruit Exchange: '
Carload Lots— Apples, 2i/b@3c qa lb for quar- j
tered, 3@3y 2 c * lb for sliced and 4V 4 c $Ib for !
evaporated; Peaches, 3^@4o .^ ft, and 6i>@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12c; Apricots, ?y a
Ry-e for prime to choice, 9Vic for fancy and lU(g>
lie ?( ft) for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2fri.2VijC
for undressed: White Figs, 3 J^j@4c in sacks; Pears,
7c %* tti for evaporated halves, 4@uy a c %) tb for
quarters; Prunes. 3 a /ic: Plums, 4c ."% tb for pit- ]
ted and iy 2 a c for unpitted; Nectarines, 6@6c
¥ Ib for prime to choice and 6y 2 c for fancy.
Jobbing Pkickm— Apples, 4®4y 2 c: Peaches. 3@
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, in boxes, 10@12Vac;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c 'ft Ib for 40@50's
and 6c for 60@80's; Apricots. 6<&9y 2 c for prime to i
choice ami lu@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, i
j black, l%#3^bo; White Figs, 3@sc; Pears. 6y c
for evaporated halves and 3@6i/2C for quarters;
Plums. 3i/ 2 c for pitted and l@iy 2 c for unpitted;
Nectarines, 4@sc %> lb for prime to choice.
raisins AND DKIED GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c "& box ; four-crown, loose,
3 s /ie 1* lb; three-crown, loose, 2V4C; two-crown,
2c: seedless Sultanas, 33/4@4c; seedless Muscatels,
2y2@2 3 /ic: three-crown London layers, 70c: clus
ters, $1 35@1 60; Dehesa clusters, 82 10@2 25;
Imperial clusters, 82 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2y c '
lb.
Jobbing Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3- \
crown, 2i4®2y 3 c: 2-crown, 1*4030; seedless Sul
tanns, 3%@4c; Seedless Muscatels, 2y a c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@$l; clusters, SI 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, 82 26; Imperial, clusters, $2 75: j
Dried Grapes, 2i/?c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, 6@Bc ft Ib; Walnuts. 7r<ißc j
ll* tb for No. 1 hard and 9@9y 2 for softsheli, Job
bins lots; Almonds, 6@7V?c for Languedoc and
8y 2 @loc for paper-shell. jobbing; Peanuts, 6@6c
for Eastern and 3y 2 3 c for California; Hickory
Nuts,"6@6c; Pecans, 6c lor rough and 8c for pol
ished; Filberts, B®9c; Brazil Nuts, 7y2@Bc # lb;
Cocoanuts. $4 50@5 ?. 100.
HONEY— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c H lb for
bright and B@9c 1* Ib for lower grades; wat«r
white extracted, 6@5y 2 c ¥> tb; light amber ex
tracted. 4i/4(§i434c: dark amber, 4c ; dark, 2<o)3c. -
BEESWAX— 24@Vi7c fi lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at 8c f» tb
for heavy, 7c "ft lb for light medium, 9c * tb for
light, 10c for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, lie; California Hums,
9V2(5,10c; aiess Beef, $7 $bbl; extra mess do, $8: >
family do. ?9(a)9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 ■£ bbt; j
I extra ciear. $14 f> bbl; mess. $13 !jji bbl: Smoked
Beef, 9y 2 @Jloc $ tt..
LARD— Eastern, tierces, is quotable at 6c "#
lb forcompounu and 7VaC for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, sy c for compound and 6c for pure; |
half-bbls, 61/4 C: 10-Ib tins, 7c: do 6tb, 7@7i4c Ib.
COTTOLENE— in tierces and 8c # lb in 10- !
lb tins. , '. . ■ ■ ,-...■ .
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
. HIDES AND SKINS-Heavy salted steers, 7c '•$
lb: culls and brands. 6c lb; medium, 6c: culls
and brands. sc: light, sc; culls and brands, 4c: Cow- j
hides, o(*sy->c; culls and brands, 4@4i/ijc; salted '
Kin. 5c f». tb; salted Calf, 8c ~$ lb: salted Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7@7y c;
dry Kip and Veal,, 9c; ■ culls, 6y 2 C<?>7c: dry Calf, I
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 20@35c each: Kids, sc: \
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium. Js{* j
25c; winter, 10@16c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10®
20c each; short wool, 20@36c : each : medium, 40 i
@50c each: long wool, 66c each. Culls of all kinds
about y 2 c less. ■ . • .y;
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 1 38,i@4c; No. 2, S@
31/40; refined, 5»4c; Grease, 2%c g lb. -
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon. 10© 1 lc f". R>; San Joaquin and Southern, 3<B>
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c « lb.
HOPS-Quoted at 3@7c lb, as the two ex
tremes. ■/•:-;■"■-•
SAN FRANCISCO" MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ■ •
BEEF— quality, 6^i@6c; second quality,
4y 3 5c; third do. 3i / < s @4c %4 lb.
VEAL— barge, 6@bc; small. 6@7c «( Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6y a @7c; : Ewes, 6@6V4c
lb. - ■ .
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 12y a ; yearlings, 7@Bc
fi lb. ; . ■ .• ■■. .. . ■, •.■■.,-.■ ■ ; ..
PORK— Live Hogs, 3S4<gi4c for large and 3%@
4c for small: dressed do, 6®Hc '{<, D.
GENERAL BIERCHANDISF..
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
f412%@4 25; Wool Bags, 24@26c. .
COAL— Wellington ; is quotable at ; ; $8 . V ton:
New Wellington, 88 $ ton: Southfleld Wellington,
$7 60: Seattle, 86(45 60: Bryant, *5 60: Coos Bay
85; Wallsend. 86 50: Scotch, ?$7 50; Brymbo,
87 60: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and 816 in sks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13;. Welsh An
thracite Egg, : cannel.sß; Rock Springs, Castle '
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, $10 50 in
bulk and 812 60 ¥>- ton in sacks. > .: -
. SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com pany
quotes, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all s»ic; Dry Granulated, 6y g c;
Coafectloaers' a, 6c; JJlftgnoUa A, 4y a gj Extra
C,43/gc; Golden C, 414c;- half-barrels, 14c more
« v SifL cl \ and 0163 Vac more.
SjVBUP- Golden, i" bbls, 15c; Black Strap, • 10c
V gal. »
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HODBS. .
Flour.qr. 5k5...... 4.170 Pelts, Ddls..- ... 18
v\heat,ctls. 7.455 Wine, gals.... 39,100
Barley cU5...... 10,860 Butter, ct15......i. 163
Oats, ct15........... 1,120 Cheese, ct15........ 121
s**°* »-- ....... 100! Eg d0z......;:.. 6,040
Foatoe*. sks. 1,399 Leather, r0115....... 256
Onions, sks 195|cjuicksllver, flasks 124
Hay. tons.; 327 Paper, reams...... 940
htraw. tons 18 Lumber. M feet... •30
mmh'i " 1,416 Raisins, bx5........ 1,400
Middlings, 2,110 Hops, tils. 21
Hides.no.. 1091 Wool, bi5.......... ;31
THE STOCK MARKET.
Beyond a little rally in Utah, which sent the
price up to 15 cents on liberal transactions for this
stock, there was nothing new.
It is reported that some good indications of ore
have been encountered in the tunnel oU the sur
face o f the Utah Consolidated mine, which was
started a few weegg ago. At the annual meeting
Wednesday the secretary's financial statement
showed a credit of $2107 47. Superintendent
Lyman is in favor of reop>nins the old surface
tunnel, starting at a point a little north of the
lunlii hoistins-works building and running west
erly therefrom toward ihe prominent surface eroi>
lUiks which are visible all iilouk the mountain-top
from the sierra Nevada Company's dabn past tin
northern limit of the Utah Company's claim. Ha
is advised that this west tunnel was advanced west
a certain distance without, cutting the foot or west
wrll of the Comstork lode. He is also informed
tnat this west tunnel j.a.sse 1 through narrow
quartz streams that gave a low assay value, and
that, very little prospect woric has been done
through this surface tunnel. With two miners
employed this tunnel can be reopened, track laid
and put In good working order without any great
outlay of money.
NOTRS.
Andes is assessed 15 cents. .■.' •
The weekly reports from the Gold Hill mines are
as folio ivs: # • . ■ ■
f-Mco. BBtf;HEB-On the 300 level the joint Bel
cher and Seg. Belcher west crosscut from thesouth
lateral drill is out 255 feet; the i'ace is in por
phyry and quartz, the latter giving low assays. On
the 1150 level the work of opening out this drift is
still going on. Have hoisted during the week and
stored in the orenouse at the mine nine mining
carloads of ore, the average top car sample of
which shows »n assay valu^of f2l 58 per ton. The
gross yield in bullion from the 89 tons of ore
crushed ut the Brunswick mill last week was
$1733 35, the average battery sample of the same
being $19 20 per ton.
(on. Imperial— The joint Challenge and Im
perial west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is
out 231 feet; the face shows porphyry.
Crown Point— The southwest drift on the 600
I level has been advanced 13 feet miring the past
j week and is now out 152 feet. The face is in por
phyry, showing occasional bunches of quartz giv
ing iissiivs of from $6 to «s per ton, principal) v
gold. The north drift on the eighth Jioorof the
.stope above the 700 level has been extended 27
feet; lot.il length 74 feet; the face is in low-grade
quartz. Have started a raise from the east cross
cut on the 1100 level, the ureliminary work
huving been completed. The usual repairs are
under way.
BkijChkk— There have been hoisted during the J
week and stored in the orenouse at the mine 55 |
mining carloads of ore, the average top car Mani
ple of which shows an as*;iy value of $22 92 per |
ion. The gTOSs yield in bullion from the 387 tons I
of ore crushed by the Brunswick mill last week
was $6638 17, the average battery samnie of this
ore being $20 03 per ion.
The average yield (if the Overman mine for the
week ending January 25 was ten tons of ore, the
average car sample assay of which was $38 68 per
ton. Ihe ore came from the north drift on the I
900 level.
The official letter from the Bodte Consolidated
mine fur the week ending January 25 says: "Kast I
crosscut from north drift 200 level was extended 6 j
feet; lace, is in porphyry. North drift from above
crosscut was extended 8 feet : have 2 feet of low
grade quartz in the face, .^outh drift from the
same crosscut was extended 10 feet, and the
quartz in the face is 10 inehr* wide. East crosscut
lrom (iiideavein 300 level was extended 18 feet;
the face is in porphyry. Vpraise from the south
drift from the above crosscut was extended 19
feet; the face Is in porphyry with some soams of
quarts. South drift from Vast crosscut from south
drift, on the 300 level was extended 10 feet; the
face Is in porphyry."
In the Mono" mine the e:ist crosscut from the '
south drift 400 level is in hard porphyry.
BOAKD) SALES.
Following were the sale* la the San Francisco .
Btocic Board yesterday;
»H(ifl AX Mi'KNIN-.i stsiM. r.m\iiwi\-i(l:30.
200 Alnha 20300 C Point, .'.'i) 100 Savajie... .3l
200 BA ii 87 100 UAC ">1 '.'OO ?S Nev ...17
200 B«2OOHAN. 1.2& 300 Union C...40
400 8u11i0n. ...17 100 Mexican.. 63<2oo Utah 13
200 CballnKe..39 250 Mono. ...16450 12
100 CCAV... 2.40, 100 Occidtl..l.Us 1800 14
100 C0nrt... .1.05:150 Ophir.... 1.401
AFTFRNOON BKSSION'--2:30.
200 Andes 19 100 G <ft C.....51 200 Savage.. ..3l
100 848....57 HAN ....1.26)200 SNev._..47
300 Bodie 39100 Mono 15 100 Uni0n.. ..41
200 C0* V... 2.40 50 1.05 300 Utah 14
100 2.45 50 0phir...1.40 50..... 15
300 Crown Pt.22 50 .: 1.46 100 V Jacl£t..47
200 Excnqr....oS I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
200 Alnha 19300 C P0int. ...21 300 Potosl 64
400 Alta 08 200 fcxcuqr ...07 300 Sava«e....3l
400 Andes 21 500 O & C 60 600 S BA M....08
700. 20 200 HAN 1.27^100 S.Nev 48
200 8e1cher.. ..28 100 1.3D.1000 47
250 BAB 88 300 Justice. ...04 300 46
200 Bodle 39 400 Kentuck.,o7loo Union C...41
800 8u11i0n... .16 400 Mexican..63 800 40
150 8u1wer....16 100 Mono lb 100 Ltah.. 11
50 16J100 0cc1d... 1.05 100 12
300 Caleda 09:800 1.02 VV400 14
200 Challge... 39J20U Ophir.. .1.45 2500 15
6. r io Ctiouar....(>O'.>OO Ovrmn. ...18 200 V Jacket. .46
350CCAV2.421 2 200 Potosi 53i700 47
60Coufl.l.07i^
AFTKRynfIM BKRBION— 2:3O.
200 AlpHa 19 250CCAV2.42V2 300 0ph1r1.42V 2
350 Alta 07 100 Conn 1.02% 400 Ovrran ..if
500 08 400 C P0int... .22 100 Potosi 53
800 Andes 19 500 Exchqr....O7 300 Savage.. ..3l
200 Belcner...'JHsoo G <t C 50 600 SK4M ..08
200 BA B 87 900 61 300 a Nev... 47
100 Bodie 39 160 HA \ 1.27 V» 600 S Hill 02
300 Hu11i0n... .1(5 500 Justice... .04 tiOU Union .. .40
400 Ca1eda....09-'OO Mexican. .HH-JHOO Utah. ...15
300 Challng... 3Bloo Mono. .16-'OO . 14
400 39400 Occldl.OJi ;, 200 YJacket,.47
100 Ch011ar....60 700 1.05
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, Jan.[3o-4 P. if. r
Bid.Atkrd. . Bld.Atktd.
Alpha Con — '20 Jackson. 40 60
■Alia 06 07 Julia. — 02
Andes 18 20 Justice — 04
Belcher 28 30 KentucK. ...... 05 06
Best &. Belcher. 87 88 Lady- Wash..... — 01
BentonCou.... — ' 40 Mexican 62 '64
Bodle 39 41iMt. Diablo 15 20
Bullion „ 13 , 17Mono .......... 15 16
Bulwer _. 15 - Nevadaliueon. — 05
Caledonia 07 09 Occidental 1.00 1.05
Challenge Con. 38 39 0phir. ......... 1.40 1.45
Choilar ........ 69 60 Overman ...... 17 18
Con. CaL<& Va.2.40 I'otosi 62 :64
Con. Imperial. 02 o:> savure 30 32
Confidence 1.00 I.os'fseß. Belcher... 08 10
Con.New YorK. — 06 Sierra Nevada. 40 47
Crown Point... 21 22 Scorpion 02 —
K«stSierraiS«» — 04 Sliver lIUI — 03
chequer..... 06 07 Syndicate...... OH —
Eureka C0n.... 25 ' — Union Con 40 -41
Uould A Curry. 60 51 Utah .....' 14 '16
Hale & JNorcn.l.2s 1.30 Yellow jacket. 46 47
lowa — 04|
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY. Jan. 30-2 r. it
CKITKD STATES BONUS.
Bid. Afked. Bid. . yt.ttett
V coup. .loß 109 \V 84s reg...108 109
. . UIKCEI.UNKIIUS b>n'd^.
Cal-RtCbless. — 110 !Do. 2d lss 6*. — —
CalElPcL.6s.lo6 — P«feOßy6s. — 108
Cntra C W 6s. — 100 P& Ch Rv 6s. 1021,4105%
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.Kil&i. — 116 V%
Kdsnl^fcP 68.106 — Reno. WL4L — , 105
F<feCUßß6sw os3^lo7 Hl ver Co6s ' — 100
Gearv-stßss.l('2 105 SnctoP .« L..100 102»4
LosAnKL6s. — 101 6F<fcNPRRSs 99 99Vi
Do,Unted.6s.lol _ bPßKArizßs '' - 95
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — BPRKCaI6s..IOB —
I)oKvConss..loß • 108V 2 «PRRCaI6s» — 971,%
NevCNgR8 3 . — 100 ]Sl'BrliCal6s. 9fsi^ 97 .
NPCKR6s.IO3y 3 — HVWat«r6s..l2l —
NRyCal 65.100 - lßVWater4s._ 99y a 100
NR>-Cal6s. - 103 |Stkin«&K63lO2 103%
Oak Gas .102 104%'6unstT<fcT6s.l00. -
Co, 2d Iss 65.102 105 V Sutter-stßss. - 110 Vi
S.l& I ll^VisaliaWCb. - 9-i
WATEIt STOCKS.
Contra Costa — 45 |San Jose — 95
MarinCo. .... 49 — |SprlngValley 96% 97
GAS STOCK*.
Capital _ 40 | Pacific Light. 46 48
c ? tr ,H 95 — banFrancsco 713^ 72
V. ak / GL * H - 61 6U/ 4 Stockton. .... — . 81%
racuaslmp. 78 y 2 79 i : :. ; J
, INSURANCE STOCKS. ' " ■ ■
FlremansFd.lsß 164 -|5un.. ....... ...'68% —
COMMERCIAL RANK STOCKS. ', ' •
Amerß&TC. — . — |LondonP*A.l2B%l32%
Anglo-Cal... 68% - London&SF. - SO ■
BankofCal.. _ : a Merch Ex.... la —
CaISD&TCo.. 68 QZil Nevada - -
Jirßt>atlonl.l77y a IBO Bather Co- — -
Grangers — _,|
AVISOS BANK STOCKS.
GerSALCo.I42S '-. 1610 'Kav&Loan.. —'102%
HnmbSiL.looo — Security.. 225 275
Si"L ual .--- - 41 I Union Trnsc. ; — 820 ■;
bi bavUnlon4Bo ' — . |
STRKKT RAILROAD RTOCK3. , ':■:,
California.. ..1051/2 — ' |Oak,sr,iUay •— l 100 .
Oeary-5t..... 60 70 • 1-restdio...-. 6 — '
Market-5t.... 4414 44Wsutter-5t...... . -:>\ • -,.;
POWDKK STOCK*. .
Atlantic D... - 151/4 Judson .....' — . —
California.... ; _.«a l VlgonU '.-.;;<■ 1• >
MIRCKtI^ASfEOUS STOCK*. • "
«!?T k -* Pkrs - 97 98 OceanlcSSCo 17% 20
?lu???, a ,M Ca - 10 PacAnxFA.. 1 - . -,
C k° tS A llls - - - Pa « Borax... 98 ■ > 100 •
lalDrvDoclc • - ■ _ Pacl&NCa - 30 "
Edison Light. 9614 97 .< Pac Roll Mill 23% — :,
OasConAssn. — : _ ,'ParfPaintCo. 8 7%
v" r i.'^ 1 '°- 86 "~ iPacTransOa - '24
HawCASCo.. 9 9li,l'acT.t lICol I Co 60 —
HutchSPCo.. 13% isunsMTil 1 .. 41 , -
JudsonMfgC. - " _ r "united V Co.. - ' ' US
MeriixAsanlOO .110 |
' MOKSI.NI) SESSION. : -'. "'
Board-60 Hutcblnson a P Co, 13%; 100 Mar
ke'-st Railway, 44V*: 25 S FGaslight. 71»4 ; $3000
» £ * M« Railway Bonds, s 10, 99V' 8 .
Street-*BOOO Market-sl Cable Bonds, 123; $2000
& P of Cal 6% Bonds, 109.
' / . '. AFTERNOON SESSION.
Board -$1000 Ferries A Cliff Bonds. 106; 10 Pa
cific Gas imp, 7»; $5000 s V 4% Bonds, 99%-
Street— Oakland Gas, 511/4 '
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
. NEW WESTERN HOT El,. -''/:■■ .
V™, H ; ers - (Seattle T H Durland & wf, 111
« " {velchner, San Jose , T Roach. Boston
t M-",,f" ve ' Chaneston R Usmert, Alameda
w\» J!. anis Aw - Seattle w Kane, Jackson
i» *, Diers . Omaha G Hodier, Salt Lake City
w Moffltt &w, Caldwell C Pick, Davis ville
J Martin, Salem P J Hatter. Tacoma
a Hamilton, New York C Smith, Boston
LICK HOUSE.
F Morse, Grass Valley "" J Van Nahuys. Merced
l. A Rice, Santa Cruz C Steenbergb, Brentwood
X Ignace & w, Cal E B Roberts & w, Cal
at? stabler. Yuba City S X Hagins, Chicago
i Maher, London • : J Power, St. Louis
I,'' Ryan, Ontario Miss A Gains, San Jose
MM R O'Keefe, Cal .J H Black, Chicago v
i- V£ tan<)l Rocklln *" Baker, Los Angeles
i - B Bush, Hanford \V Eastman, Los Angeles
I. Pairchild &w. Cal J P Stanley. C'kiah
Mrs M & Carter. Napa Mrs W H Camp, Napa
I « 8 Brown, Cai O L Bishop, Stockton
J l-reeley, Red Bluff M .1 Chase, Los Angeles
£*"< rr. San Diego .V J Ward &w, Los An «
it J Simpson, ganta Ro3a .
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Hr Jamison, Cal N Hill, Cal
C\\ Clark, - v V l Koseubaum, Chicago
> C Hurst, N V ¥ McM mien, Cal
I- 1 opelan A wf. Mass « (iarrinson, N Orleans
« B ll;irl n, Los Anc CM Hunter, N Orleans
I- Mitchell, New Haven F W WillaDd; Vallejo
0 C Cole, Portland J faro, Portland
It Ooodricb, San Jose - (* Stevens, Los Angeles
i. Reuben, Carson City B Smith, Oakland
C F Outlook, Ariz O C Moore, Cal
1 Oreen, NY ■ O Birdsall. San Diego
>v E Myers, Benlcia X V Murdook, Seattle
R 8 Brown, St Louis J N Morrissey, Stockton
h N Lyon, Sacramento FAlmgill, Philadelphia
1 N Truth, Philadelphia . G C Westcott, Cal
PALACE HOTEL.
F McLanghlln, Oroville irlrs silverstone, Cal
H B Taylor, Oakland - Mrs W W Foote, Oaklnd
V Toux, Chicago Mrs Benner, Oakland
* E Corbett, Butte Mrs Field, Monterey
H C Carney, Butte Mrs Macßrlde, San Jose
J W FairnVld. Butte W H Cribben. Chicago
V P Mathivet, Cleveland F L Oreenwald, N V
W E Silverstone, Buffalo Mrs Greenwald. X V
W W Foote. Oakland Mrs E M Miller, N V
Miss Foote, Oakland JJ Bvrne, Los Angeles
H Benner, Oakland J L Truslow, 8 Barbara
CH Abbott, Oakland C N Sterry, Albuquerque
J H Crothera, Portland C Monroe, Los Angeles
(i W James, Pasadena H M Curry, Pittsburg
T .T Field, Monterey Mrs Trafford, Fall River
G H Clarke, Chicago Mrs W M Chace, Fall
CG Macßride. San Jose River ■ .
J M Stanley. Chicago C D Stinson. Seattle
J W Minturn, Minturn Mrs Si inson, Seattle
N Moore, Alanltda
: GRAND HOTEL.
W Hoffman, NY F B Gregory, Victoria
J A Russell, Glasgow B F Kohl berg, Stockton
C A swisler, Placerville 1* !•' Marston itw.S Rafael
1' F Gosby, San Jose J L Gluyas, Grass Valley
J 11 Bennetts, Gross Val J W Brown, Sacto "
N Bosqui, Los Angeles M J Fisher. San Jose
! F F. Fisher, San Jose T Mason Hook, USA
Miss Hosmer, Boston Miss Harris. Boston
Mrs Lacy.Mass A G Keogh, Stockton
B X nose. Portland J M Russell, Portland
Mrs SG Simpson, Seattle liny Simpson, Seattle '
X c Bruck, Stockton II M Clair, Seattle
E B Mar In. Portland E Kimble, Kimble, Pa
M Htirk. Los Gatos W H M Barnes, Portland
J P Urozler, Mass Mrs Grozier, Mass
H C Tail, Chicago John Palmer, Amador
J T Morphy. Los Angeles W H Reed, Ohio
Q P Malevllle, Grass Val B F.Walton, Vuba City
G C Hyatt *w, Stockton Mrs GL Allen, Stockton
ID J Cole iw, Denver J L Gnoplas, Denver
1) Parkhurst, Chicago B W Lewis, Stockton
W E Johnson, Stockton Miss Farrington.San Jose
F P Willis, Chicago W W Douglas, Sacto
W B Harrison, Stockton S S Fulton, Sacramento
JF Robinson, Grass Val
:• - : - -
THE CALL CALENDAR.
Jancast, 1896.
I 8
Moon's Phase*.
10
/7*vl.ast Quarl
*i»' January
7
9
11
14
17
j (gSk SfCTT Moon.
j January xi
1.
16
18
;
I 21
I |
i
3 First Quartei
January 33.
20
23
23
-
! I
I j
—
1^ Full Moon.
I va/ January SO.
26
27
28
! 30 I 31
; i
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Date* of Departure !• rum San Fn»nrl«co.
BTKAMER. | IJKSTtVATIOS- |
a at ml
I I-IKR.
Homer Coos Bar I
tstraui iNewDon .:.... I
Arcata Coos 8ay. ..... :
into Coos jjav...... i
Pomona ' Humboldtß&y
Blate of Cai I Portland „...". I
Point ix>ma. Grays Harbor. !
C0r0na...... | Man Diego '
CltyPuebla.. j Vie <fc Pitt Hnd i
Del None .. Grays HarDor.
Eureka ..... ] .Newport ......
Mnrii (nil. . .. Sydney... j
Rio Janeiro. ; China A Japan ,
Colombia... j Portland j
Santa Hob*.. San D1ee0.....
|.Lan 31.10 am Oceanic
Feb 1. 9am Pier II
iFeb 1. 9am Pier 1 »
IFeb 2.10 am i Tier 13
Keb 3. V!PM ! r:er9
IFeb S.IOamJ Pier 24
jFeb 3.12 M Pier 2
iFeb 3.11 am Pier 11
iFeb 4. »am Pier 9
Fob 4. 4pm
Feb 6, »am Pier 11
! Feb 6. 2rM Oceanic
Feb 6. 3i'M;PM S S
;Feb B.loam | Pier 24
Feb 7.11 am Pifr 1 1
I
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer |
From
North Font !
\ Humboldt Bay
i Yaaulna .8ay.....
I Portland ............
Victoria & I'utroc Hound
loos 8ay...... .....;„..
I Departure Bay
Orays Harbor
San mono ... .......
Tacoma ........
it. rays Harbor ..„•„
Hiimhoid: .Bay
i Newport
I Portland
, Departure Bay.
! Victoria it Puget Sound
i Portland....
! San Die«0_......
i Panama....
i Crescent City-
• Newport.
Seattle. ;..
j ..Jan 30
..Jan 31
. Jan 31
..Jan 31
...fan 31
. . Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 1
..Feb 2
..Feb 2
..Feb 3
..Feb i
..Feb 4
..Feb 5
..Feb 5
..Feb ft
..Feb 6
..Feb 6
..Feb 7
..Feb 4
Fnrallon ....;.. i
State of Cal :
City of PueDla.. :
▲raro j
Cut of Everett
Point juoma..... !
C0r0na..... ■
Mackinaw......
Del N0rte....... !
Pomona. I
Coos 8ay..;.;.: i
Empire.......... :
Willamette i
Walla Wa11a....'
Columbia. i
BamaKosa.
Ban .Juan :
Crescent City. I
StPaot i
Pr0cre50...... ..
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
A
p
P
I Uises
c Small
iA, 1.13 a
H Sets
'_■
I
fl
.00a 7.15;
54a 7 14
! 7.54P
H.46P
J
HYDROGRAPHIC BULELTIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Office., U. S. N. ■»
Mkrcitants" Exchaxoh. V
Ban Francisco, January 30. 1898. >
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120tii
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. it., Greenwich time.
A. F. I''kchtki,kr,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, January 30.
Stmr City of Rio <le Janeiro, Russel, 2(5
days from Horißkontr. via Yokohama 15 days 19
hours 47 mlii: pass and mdse, to Pacific Mail S S
Co.
j Stmr St Paul, Duggan, 70 Hours fm Newport, etc- .
paRS and mdse. to (ioodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 10 hours from Moss Land.
Ing: produce, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
stmr Arcota, Cousins, 48 hours from Coos Bay;
Dftss and rm.se, to O C <fc N Co.
j Htmr Alcatraz, Gundersen. yVa days from Port
■ Los Anteles: ballast, to L X Wh te Lumber Co.
Stmr Sun Benito, Smith, S days from Tacoma;
4500 tons coal, to S PCo. Oakland direct.
Ship Wacliusett, Williams, 48 days from Na
j naimo, via ciallam Bay 44 dnvs. via Port Angeles
16 dayc: 2226 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld's (<ons
Schr Free Trade, Bugge, 25 days from Coqutlle
River; 110 M ft lumber, to T J Goldeu.
Cleare<l.
THURSDAY, January 30.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, Kureka; Goodall, Perkins
& Co. ,
Schr Maltie T Dyer, Mockler, sealing voyage,
Japan coast ana Bering Sea viu Attou or Unalaska-
C E Mockler.
Sailed.
THURSDAY, January 30.
Stmr Pomona. Doran. Eureka.
Stmr UmaUHa, Hunter. Victoria and Port Town
send.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego, etc.
Ship George stetson, Murphy. New York.
Bktn Uncle John, Murchison, Eureka.
Schr Ivy, Banks, Grays Haroor.
Bcbr Bender Brothers, Thompson. Collins Land
ing.
Schr Dalsr Rowe, Olsen. Coos Bay.
Tolejjraphto.
POINT LOBOS-January 30-10 fm- Weather
clear; wind BW; velocity 6 miles.
<Jliar:e?t.
The ship M P Grace loads mdse for New York
bktn Archer, mdse for Honolulu: Br ship Ross
shire, wheat for Sydney, IBs: Br bark Inversnald
wheat for Europe, private: option of Sydney, 17s
ttd. ; . .;. ' •■"■: ■ ■--".:■ • - . .
The Br bark Glcnbank loads lumber on the
Sound for ■ Delasoa , Bay; 57s Gd, option of Valpa
raiso 40s, Buenos Ayrea 43s 9d: schr Kins Cyrus
lumber at Port Blakelcy for Shanghai, 60s— prior
to arrival; ship Louis Walsh, lumber on the
Sound for Callao; Br bark Pass or Killlecrankie
lumber -on tho Sound for Callao, -40s; Br shin
Soudan, wheat at ! Tacorua for Europe, ; 32s 6d
option of Portland 33s 9d— prior to arrival. , '
'  . . .":' : Domestic Ports.."
--: ASTORIA V Sailed s Jan t 3O—Strur Signal \ for
Piijjet, Sound; bktn Northwest, for San Francisco-
Ger b»rl# J W Hurmelster, for Queeustoivn. *
„ Arrived Jan 30— >tmr ( olumb'a, hence Jan 28
OKAYS HAKBOK-Sailed Jan 30-stmr Del
None, for San Francisco: Jan^29-Stmr Point
Loma. for San Francleco; Jan3o-bohrs(has Han
son. MAid of Orleans, Chas X Wilson and Ottillia
Fjord, for San, Francisco. . - ""
* I'OKT ANOELHS-Arrlved Jan 29-Shlp Eclipse
hence Jan 'I'l, for SlooJyville. •■: . lps ",
•. I'OJIT LOS A ELKS- Arrived Jan 2»_stmr
Mineola, forGomox; Jan 30-Sttar Scotia, from
Sailed Jan 30»-Stiiir Scotia.
HUENEME— SaiIed Jan 30— Stmr Excel? or, for
San Francisco. • . •, '•■"• -
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 90— Stmr Weatport,
lor Fort Brace. . ' .
POINT ARENA— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Alcatraz.
for Fisherman's Bay.
■ Arrived .lan 30— Stmr Alcatraz, hence Jan 29.
■ GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Whites
boro. hence Jan *29. ■
MENDOCINO-Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Point Arena
for San Francisco.
YAQUINA BAY-Salled Jan 30— Stmr Faral
lon. for San Francisco. ■
EUREKA— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr Navarro. hnc
Jan 28.
Bailed Jan 30— stmr North Fork, for. San ■ Fran
cisco; bktn Monitor: schr Sparrow, for San Fran
cisco; stmr Alice Blancbard, for Oregon; schr El
norah. for San Francisco. •
KEDON'DO— Arrived Jan 30— Schr San Buena
ventura, from Grays Harbor. •
SANDIEUO— Arrived Jan 30— U S stmr Alba
tross, hence Jan 28. • ■
TIMBER COVE— Sailed Jan 30-Schr Chris- |
tina Steffens, for San Francisco.
■ FISHERMANS BAY— Arrived Jan 30— Stmr j
Alcazar, from Point Arena.
FISKS MILL— sailed Jan 30-Schr Mary Etta,
for San Francisco. • > . "
■ . ■ Foreign Port*.
NANAlMO— Arrived Jan 29— Ship .Elwell, hnc j
Jan '-'4.
SWANSEA— Arrived Jan 29— Ital bark Oriente, j
from Sunderland. - : -"-"_."-;.". :: '■".'.''.'
' importations.
MONTEREY— Per Gipsy— l3l bxs apples, 1 bbl
empty bottles.
Santa Crux— 36 cs cheese, 1 bx butter, 400 bbls
lime. 1 lot lime rock.
Moss Landing:— 1 bx bat'er, 1 bx wood.
Salinas— l pki; faucets, 5 empty barrels-
Moro Cojo— 663 sk?. potatoes. "i; 1 . 1 I
COOS BAY- Fci- A/cata— ll bis blankets, 1 en
blankets. 4 chsts 2 scaled bags, 450 tons coal.
NEWPORT— Per St Paul— 92 bxs oranges, 3 bxs
bxs lemons, 12 sks dry prunes, 5 ska dry peaches.
San Pedro— lslo sks corn.
Hueneme— l bx clothing, 3 sks alfalfa.
L A T Ry— '£ pKga household goods, 82 bxs
oranges.
Ventura— 7s bxs lemons, 62 bxs oranges, 1 bx
clothing.
! Santa Barbara— 34 bxs lemons. 1 Did piano.
Gaviota— l3 sks crawfish. .•• . .
Arroyo Grande— l sk beeswax, 3 bxs butter, 24
cs eggs.
Nipomo— l coop chickens and geese.
Santa Maria — 3 c*s eggs. Ibx butter.
San Luis Obtspc— cs eggs, 7 cs cheese. 8 bxs
frpsu fish, 9 bxs butter.
San Simeon— 4o bxs butter, 19 dressed calves, 3
cseggs. -< ... t _ ■
CHINA AND JAPAN— Per City Of Rio de
Janeiro-10,114 pkgs mdse, 25,763 bags rice. 1430
Dkgs tea. 996 pkBS oil, 253 pkes curios. 474 pkjrs
opium, 182 pkfrs spice. 2000 pkgs sugar, 1 1 parcels
47 pkgs silk goods, 1178 rolls ma-. ting, 192 bales
gunnies. • • • ■ •
For overland— 6o9 pkits mdse, 430 bags rice, 18
parcels 62 pkgs silk goods, 259 rolls matting. .
For overland— 3 pki;s mdse, 3 Dkgs silk goods.
From Centra! and South America— 36 pkgs mdse,
25 pkgs rice, 37 pkgs silk goods.
Consignees.
Per Gipsy— Standard OH Co: C Carpy & Co; Arc
tic Oil Works: Wetmore Bros; Dairymen's Union;
Norton, Tejler <fc Co: Cal Bottling Co; ilDniard:
Eveletli & Nash : Wheaton, Breon tt Co; Stewart
& Co: Wolf cfc Son: Hills Bros; .11 Co well & Co;
Herman Joost. #
Per St Paul— Gould & Jaudln; D X Allison it Co;
Kuhlmeyer & Daikegny : Imrnel & Co: HII Ber
gin <t Co: (i II Peck Co: J P Tliomas; P Swan;
Dutton Bros; Standard Oil Co: OB Smith A: Co:
Hills Bros: Brigham, Hoppe & Co; Jones & Co; «
GRuhl; J Ivancovich A Co; C Carpy Co: J De
martini <fc Co; APaladinl: American Union Fish
Co; J H Cain * Co; Norton. Teller & Co: s 11 Em
erson; Smith's Cash Store Dodge, Sweeney & Co ;
Dairymen's Union: FBHaiKht: Ross & Hewlett;
Wltzel & Baker; Marshall, Teggart& Co; Hej-ne
man & Co; H Heckman A Co; G Camllioni <fe"co;
Hilmer, Bredhoffi <fe Schulz Martin, Fcusier & Co ;
H Kirchmann * Co; De Bernardi A Co; A B Dar
sey: c E Whitney <fc Co; Hammond & Brod; Labor
Exchange; Smith's Cash Store: J Schweitzer* Co;
F B Haight; Pacific Coast Fish Co; J II Newbauer.
Per Arcata— Band on Woolen-nfllls; O C <& N Co;
Wells, Fargo & Co.
Per City of Rio de Janeiro— Bank of British Col
umbia: M J Brandenstein:A C Robinson: 3 M
Ocnida: Swayne <fc Hoyt: Danelsberg <fc Snullie;
Carter, Mavy & Co; Marimura Bros: Henry A
Deer: j? R Pierson & Co: bhrinura Bros: Richard S
Carrick; Honda Bros; Parrott & Co; D Meyer: H
II Berber: Seishlchl, Tak^saiiK, Fujo & Co; I. yon
Bros * Co: Brown Bros & Co: \V &.1 Sloane Co;
I Wilson Bros; A Brown »fc Sons: BT Suzuki ; Bar-
I ing Magonne Syndicate Trading Co;- order: T J
| Edwards: F Ludemann; Donoto Bros; W j Tuska:
j Pablo Quant; Lazard Teres; Schles.singer. Meyer
j «fc Co; J P Wild it Co: W H Horstmann; S V Tank
Co; <; W Sheldon; G AmsureK <fc Co; various
i Chinese merchants.
For Ixilf, Shipping BtteUtffe/tea Set Fittfnth Page.
oczAir steamships:
PACIFIC COASTSTEAMSniP COJIPAJif
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second Class SG OO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street
OOODAXL, PERKINS* CO.,
General Agent*.
O. FL. cft3 3>B".
ASTORIA ANDI'ORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street. '...'■'
Columbia sails ...January 29
Slate of California sails February 3
GOODALL, PEKKINS & CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CONMOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJII
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM >tes|_
Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, a* «UK
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlng, Wran«;el, Junean. Kil-
llsnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at V a. v., Jan. 15, SO,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C.), Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anaeortes and New
Wnatcom (Belllnghani Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 5, 10, 15, «0, 25, 30, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. K. R., a', Tacoma with N. P. R. X.,
at Seattle with G. ST. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamer*. -
lor Kureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Jan. '2, 6, 10, 14,
18. '22, 26, 80, and every fourth day thereafter. >
For Santa Crus, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Hariord (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
*, 8. 12, 16, 20, 34, 26, and «very fourth daj
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, lledondo (Lo» Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. v., Jan. 2, ti. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26. 30, and ever;
fourth day thereafter. ■
' For Ensruadn, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guaynias (Mexico), sir. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month. ..
Ticket oillce, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
Street. ■ ... ■
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
COfIPAGiyiEGEYERALETRAISATLASTIQUE
'French l.i-.u- to Havre.
COMPANY'S PIER (XEW),42 NORTH s«a
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by iSHO»
this line avoid both transit by English raiiwuytiud
toe discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parit
first-class ?160; second class, $110. *
LA BRETAUNE, Capt. Rupe
....'......,-,.......'....-. .. January 11 *"
LA GASCOGNB, Capt. Baudelon ...... ..!!I."*"*
LA CHAMPA G N E," Cap'tV January ...!.!.'*• "•" **.
LA CHAMPAGNE, lapt. l'olrot ...'.'.'.'.'.""
' '.'.............. January 25,*.""**
LA BOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf .... ....'..'.1""
*£• ••, :;.......: — February I....****
JO" 1 or further particulars apply to •
».„ o n A. FI)R GET, Agent,
■ 3-.~tr pnrA7iVm VliD Green - New York.
av J enue,Un F\aLfsco°" A « enta 5 Montgomery
WHITE _STAIMOE.
United States and Royal Mail Steamers
 „ , BETWEEN ;....'
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool,
SAILING KVKKV WEKK.
$60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- m.
' ing to steamer and nccommodntioris iBSOi
select©!: second cabin, *36 an.l «40; Majt^TiTTTd
Teutonic, bteerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing (lutes and cabin plans may be procured
from W H. AVEI i Y> Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
Gt-neral OfHce of the Company, 613 Market street,
under Grand Hotel. <;. W. FLETCHER. -
"■' ■ ■' General Agent tor Pacific Coast. ; .
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. M, I>uily, Kxcept Sunday.
. t(3r Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STKASIKK :
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peter*,
Mary Gamut, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 808. Cu. Nay. and Impt. Co.
VALLEJO KB MARE ISLAND.
STB. SIONTICELLO,
Dally, except Sunday— lo a. it. i » •*. '
; - <6und»y-8 r.u.~^ . *
sfa&ilUK* Minion i. n«« a. . '
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS^
OCEMIC STEAMSHIP COJIPASY.
'■• .-..nu11.' I Cooigardie gold field*
_,^^^^^r^WfcL, (Freemanile). Austra-
AMr&iA ffi> lia : 220 first class.
JESTJr nONiTviilU* $110 steerage. Lowe«
flfO . TTfJ: Ql IIU rates to Capetown,
fSnfijj*^" i.~^^fcfc_ boutb Africa.
tB/ny T^^. !B^ Australian steam".-.
Mm/ 'Ail* yJEm Honolulu ai'ui Auck-
Dp/ **^VrjU .\mk Honolulu and Auck-
E^i I'- V i«HaBW^IHI land, *i uursday, Feb.
'■ TIBV- - M .?^>t£i .mB/ Steamship Australia,
day, re or vary 15, at 10
Ppbciai. Pabtibs. -Reduced, special rates foe
paraea ft^fflixM^Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
i j. p. SPKKCKKLd & BROS., General Agents. _
I ROYAL SIAIII&PACRET COMPAQ.
' OTEAMEK9 LEAVE ASPINWALL Ji^U
\ S fortnightly for the West Indie* <£ÜBB
Southampton, calling en route at iutroourt,n.
i v .to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco .to > Plj j»og«b
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, v l9 *'.™ 1 '"
306 California »t.
! 5 ■ i
RAILROAD TRAVEL v.
SOUTHERN I»A.l:IFIC COBPAKT,
(rACIFIO BXBXXX.)
Trnlmi leave a%n«l »re «luo to arrive ••
«AN l'«AN€IS<:o. ■
I.EAVK — Fbom KOVEMEEB 20, 1805. — - AltRIVa
~"6:30a Haytrard3, Nilcs and Way Stations.. 12 :I A
7:«»Oa Atlantic impress, Ogiieil and Bart.. 8:4»»
7»ooABcniciL Vacaville. Ilnmsey. Sacra- „'■'
mento, and Redding via DaTi3.. . . 7:13p
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xapa, Calis-
toga, and Eantii Ros^ 6: lop
8:!tOA Nilos, Ban Jose, Stockton. lone,
Sacramento, Marjgvi.lc. lied Uluff
mill Sundays excepted Oio^illo 4 1 1 ap
•8:3O a Peters and Hilton «7;15p
' «:OOa San lieandn, Haytrards*Waj St'ns 11:43 a
«I:<M>A Lea Angeles luprcM, Raymond,
(lor Ycs<T.:itc), Santa Barbara
and 1.03 Anoetai 4x43r
9:OO a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a
10:»CA Sin Lrai'dro, Iljywards and Nilcs . 1: 15p
1S»:OO.\I San Leanuro. OafwardsA Way St'ns 2: tie
J:OOp Nilcs, San JOROK d LiTcrmoro H:4sa
•l:OOp Sacramento Itivrr Ste:nii"rs......... *O:OOp
I1:30f Port Costa and Way Stations t": Lip
»:00p Him Lcanuro, Haywarda* v»aySfns 5:4
4 :OOp San Lcaidro, Ilaywards & WayKru 6:45p
4:001- Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallcjo.
Napa, CaUstaga, ill Verano and
Santa Rosa •ilS*
#:#•* Bcnieia, Esparto. Woodlaiirt, '
s Kniglits lianUing, Marysville,
Orotillo and Bacr»mento lOjIB*
4sBop Niles, Ban Jose, Livermoro . and
Stockton •-. 7:l.1»
H:O0p San Le^ndrc, Haywarcl-j Wny Rt'ni 8:45#
8:3« - Orleans Kxi>r(jr.s.l'resiio,Bakcrs-
field. Santa i;;irljnv.a,l.os Aii(,.
Doming, El Paso, "aw Orleans end
East.... |9«13a
3:3Ur Santa I'd Konte, Atlantic Impress
for Uojave-awl Bast 10:4.1 a
6:O»i- Riaropoati Mail, (leitoii and ICant.*..: «:•!»*
O:(M>p JlaywiinK Niliiiuiid .San.lo.ic 7i49a
J7:<M>i- Vallejo 17:43*
7:<»«1- Oregon Sacramento. Marys.
villo, Oodding, Portluud. I'aert
Sdiindnii'l l- - .;ist 10:43 a
7:OOp Sun Leondro, Haywardst Way Bt'nn lollop
9:00p SanLcandro.Haywards&WayStns ttl'-i:OOA
VI 0:«3F " Sunset Limited,'" Frccno. Los
Angeles, El Paso. New Orleans
v t and East |l»4."Sp
tt111157 San Leanilro.llaywanlafc^ ay St'ns 7:18 a,
SANTA CBOZ DITISION (Harrow O.tngf).
»:!."> A Kewark.Ceiiterville.Sttii.loBo.
Boulder Creek, Sun Cruz and Way
Stations stS«i
•8:15p Newark, Centcriillc, San Jose, >"o«r
Alinaden, Folton, Boulder Cr.ek,
Bauta < ru/. and Principal Way
Stations... Ml:2o*
4:15 - Newark. Sun Jose and I. us Catna.... 0:50*
-|11:43p Hunters' Excursion. Sen Jose and
I Way Stations t7:2op
COAST 111 VISION (Third & lonium in) Slk.)
6:45 a h-an Jom and Way Btatiooi (New
Almadcn Wednesdays only), 1 :48»
■:13a Sun Jose, Trt-i Piuoa, B:inta Cruz.
Paeißa Grove. Paso RoUee, ijau
Luis Ohispo. Gnaualupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03*
; 1O:4Oa S:m .' and >V«y Htationi »:OOp
j 11:49 a Palo Alto and Vny Stations 3:301
*2:3op.Sau .lose. Gilrny, Tres linos, Santa
Cm/., Salinas, Monterey and I'acilio !
Grove .* '10:40*
•3:3(»p San Jose and Principal WayStalfons U:47a
, *4:30t- San Jose and Way Stations *H:O0a
3:3Ui> Ran Jom and Way Stations *8:1S*
S:3op San Josoaud Way Stations .... <>::15a
♦ H:l3i» Ran .Tear nml Way Sf;ni..iiP - <7543>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "
from SiN FEaNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•lioo w& 4££ n:CO * S:flQ t3:CI
From OAIUSD— foot of Broadwaj.— • # 6.00 BKX>
10:00 A.M. tl2:00 *1:CO JS:O3 *3:CO " ti:00
*5:00r.M. -
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicoptad. . t Saturdays only.
; t Sundays only.
U Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
•[[Tuesday s and Saturdays ( Sunday and Thursday*
SMFRASCISCO & PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Kafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.- 12-35
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra tri&
at 11:30 p. M. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:30,
6:00,6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11-10 a m •
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. St. t<!iturdays-Kitra trips
at 1 :55 P. M. »ni 6:35 r. M.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
schedule as above.
"7 Leave - _ Arrive
San Frauclsco. oct! 28. San Francisco.
Week I Sun- i, c . I f_' a V ion Sax- I Week
Days. | days, destination. DAYgj | DAyg
7:40 am 8:00 am Novato, ~" 10:40 ami 8:50 ax
3:30 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 Pit; 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
Healdsbur;,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
"" r Pieta, ~~~
Hopland &
7:40 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:40 am; 10:30 am
,8:00 am Guerneville. 7.30 pm
3:30 pm . 1 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and I 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I [ Glen Ellen. |
7:40 am 1 8:00 am geba , tODO , 10.40 AMI 10:30 am
3:30pm|5:00 pm|. eDa3t ol - | 6:05 pm| 6:15 pm
Stiures connect at San Rafael for Bolinas. ■
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Sprlnn,
K"lseyvillp. Lakeport. -
Stages connect at X'kiah for Vichy Springs, Bias
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Bragg, Usal, West port,
Cahto. Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley. Harris, ScoUa
and Eun»Ka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
. rates. • : . .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points oe-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st., Chronicle building.
H. C WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager, . Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic
W~% • _£•
Trains leave from and arrive fjSp&CpSSk/Bu
at Market-Street Ferry. *sif^2«rnUTffc
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying Pullmaa
Palace Sleepersand Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
D nveran £fi,£°AGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-car*,
under Harvey s management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. dally.
The best railway from . California to. the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
Car ** Ticket Office— G44 Market Street,
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
! Chronlclo Batldicg.
MOT PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD^
(Via Sjiusalito Ferry). -
: From San Francisco, beginning October 27 1895
WEEKDAYS.
i For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o. 9 15 11 mi
A.M.: 1:45,3:15,6:15, 6:30 p.m. •**•««
Fan Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m. : 1:45, 6:16 r m
Kxtra trips for San Kat.iei on Mondays, Wedne*.
days and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. »""*■■
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael- and San On»mi
8:00. 1P:OO, 11:30 a. m.; 1:30, 3:00 4:30 *61l
F. if. *uoes not run to San Quentin.
. . THROUGH TRAINS. C
7:30 a. M. weelcdays-Caradero and way stations. -
a-nn I' «' S yi « T , omale9 aad wa > - Nations.
8:00 a. m, Saadaya-Polat Beyea ana way«taUqa^Intresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
NINE BURGLARIES
IN ALAMEDA.
Operations During a Single
Night, and Close to the
Police Office.
ROUGH, BUNGLING WORK
The Marauders Were Not of the
Professional Class, but They
Were Thorough.
MONEY AND GOODS OBTAINED.
The Plunder Carted Off in a Wholesale
Manner While Patrolmen Were
on Duty Near By.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— This city
was startled yesterday morning by the
discovery that nine places of business had
been burglarized the night before and all
ihe money that could be found, together
with some other plunder, bad been carried
off. Such wholesale house-breaking was
never known before in the history of the
city and has seldom been heard of any
where, and the burglaries of a year and a
half ago were not so extensive, though
more startlfng.
The burglarized district is the principal
business block of Park street, bounded by
Central and Santa Clara avenues, Oak and
Park streets. It is one block from the old
police office and about the same distance
from the new. It is the very center of the
business life of the city.
Tue main police beat is right alone the
street under the eaves of the houses broken
into and robbed.
Midway between Park and Oak streets is
an alleyway running half way through tfie
block. Most of the stores broken into
back up on this alleyway, and were en
tered from the rear. The places burglar
ized and the results of each burglary were
as follows:
Haueh's grocery-store, 1411 Park street;
$47 30 in coin, a gold watch and $1 worth of
stamps taken.
Ernst Bros.' grocery-store, 1417 Park street;
$34 in coin taken.
W. Y. Smith's creamery, 1413 Park street;
nothing i&ken.
A. Hall's confectionery, 1419 Park street;
nothing takin.
A. Aic>sons liquor-store, 1429 Park street;
$12 in coin taken.
L. BL BUberberg, clothing-store, 1431 Park
street; clothing, silk handkerchiefs, and other
articles, of the total value of $100, taken.
Standard Meat Market, Santa Clara avenue ;
nothing taken.
Falcon Cyi-.lery, Central avenue; $16 in coin
taken.
Central Cafe, Central avenue; nothing taken.
lecessful attempts were made to
enter, the cigar-store of William Zin qg,
J. B. Vosburgh's hardware-store and one
or two other stores.
Kr. trance was eained with a jimmy,
which was used to pry open doors and
windows. The marks left indicate that
the implement was not skillfully used. At
some of the places the burglars must have
made noise enough to well-nigh wake the
dead. In Hauch's store they knocked a.
heavy butter-box off a shelf, which fell .
upon a rive-gallon can of coal oil, smash
ing it in. They seemed to take their time,
and evidently had no fear of molestation.
The office in Hauch's store is in front,
against a front window. They ransacked
all the drawers and boxes of documents,
setting them and their contents out on the
~r, and finally found one that con
tained $34 in coin. It mu3t have taken
. hour to go through the place.
In Ernst Bros.' store, two doors away,
-mcd their work leisurely and
rtably. They lighted a candle, and
. of urease from it was found all over
-tore. Tn«y broke open the cash
r and secured $4 f; . They also opened
f condensed milk, for what purpose
t appear.
\kesson's liquor-store, besides taking
18 money in the cash-drawer, they
1 the liquors at the bar.
At Silrerberg'a -.hey carried a desk into
the back room and went through all the
irawers and papers, taking scarf-pins and
jewelry wholesale and all the silk hand
kerchiefs that they could carry.
Huw such wholesale burglary could have
been carried out in a manner not at all
skillful and covering so much time, with
its attendant noises and lights, without
racting the attention" of the police, is
is amazing the people.
The police not only patrol Park street,
ire in the habit of strolling; at inter
vals down the blind alley where the bure
iptrated.
"ne of the patrolmen declares that he
made two visits to the alley, one about j
/clock and the other at 1:30. He j
saw nothing wrong on his first trip, bat j
on the second tnp found some of the rear j
'ioors open.
lie investigated, and soon discovered
that burglaries had been committed, and
he gave the alarm. The burglars had
■•ood their escape, however, for after
the alarm was given not a single suspicious !
character could be found in Alameda.
INDICATION OF RICH OILS
Efforts to Be Made to Develop
the Fields Near Oak
land.
Success Means Remarkably Cheap Fuel
for All the Surrounding
Cities.
Oakland Office San Fbascisco Call,)
• 908 Broadway, Jan. 30. f
A. L. MePherson, who has had mnch
experience in the oil fields of Pennsylva
nia and Ohio, where he was encaged for
many years, has made repeated efforts to
interest local capital in the business in this
vicinity. Some months ago he succeeded
in organizing a local company and boring
for oil on Miner's rancli, just over the line
in Contra Costa County, was begun," but
was not continued, in an, interview to
day he said:
"We have been trying to get the local
company on its feet, but I realize that it
is slow wortc accomplishing anything with
Oakland capitalists. I am only waiting
for better roads to take a party of San"
Francisco men overto look at the territory,
and i hope the result of the visit may
amount to something. Our company has
not done any boring, and will not begin
nntil it has enough funds assured to make
a thorough exploration.
"The well which the newspapers have
been talking about was started by Mr.
Cummings, who was not hunting oil so
mucL as for an advertisement. He owns a
patented drill, which is handy in mining,
because it takes out the cores in good
shape, and he set up his apparatus over in
Contra Costa, because it was convenient,
to show them what the drill will do. He
bored 280 feet and stopped, because that
was the limit of the macnine. That depth
is no test for oil ; besides, it jxras a wet
hole they were boring, and it is exceed
ingly difficult to get oil in a wet hole, be
cause the gravity of water is so much
greater than that of the oil that it presses
the latter out.
"To find out whether there is oil in pay
ing quantities in that territory a company
snould start with the expectation of going
at least 2000 feet, and there should be a
capital of $15,000 to draw upon. It might
not be necessary to go more than 800 to
1000 feet— l don't believe it would— but the
money abuula be available to put the well
down 2000 feet. Many of the Southern
California wells are about that depth,
although the Los Angeles wells, lying in a
basin of their own, are shallow.
"The surface prospects for oil are just as
good in Contra Costa County on Miner's
ranch as they are anywhere in California.
You can burn tne gas four feet high. The
Southern California product is fuel oil, but
tnis here is very different. We can make
lucine, naphtha and all the other products
usually made of Pennsylvania oil and still
nave a* residue for fuel oil.
'•When the shipment of southern oil to
San Francisco began it cost 80 cents ft bar
rel to get it there, but the railroad com
pany finally reduced the rate to 55 cents.
A tank steamer was built, and now it costs
only 30 cents a barrel to bring oil from the
wells to San Francisco; but if we should
strike a cood flow of oil in Contra Costa
County we could bring it here at an ex
pense for transportation of not over 5 cents
a barrel. It would be a great boon for
Oakland as well and all the towns in the
county."
Alaraeda's New City Hall.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— Nearly all
the city officials will occupy their offices
in the new City Hall next week. The work
of laying the tiling in the main entrance,
which has delayed the acceptance of the
building, was commenced to-day and will
require about ten days. The date of dedi
cation has not been fixed, but it will proba
bly take place some time in February.
Growth of "The Call" Subscription.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30. — George
Schneider & Co. have disposed of their
routes in Alameda of the San Francisco
evening papers and will hereafter devote all
their time and attention to The Call route
in this city. The circulation of The Call
has so largely increased in Alameda of
late as to mafce this step advisable.
A Cruel Father.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30. —C. W.
Thompson, a teamster, was arrested this
morning on a charge of cruelty to his chil
dren. He recently went home while he
was drunk and drove £is wife in her nijzht
clothes out of the house. His little son
pleaded for his mother and was struck in
the face. Thompson says he will leave
Alameda if he is not prosecuted.
Matt Brewer's Funeral.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 30.— The remains
of If. M. Brewer, brotiier-in-law of Justice
H. T. Morris, arrived in Alameda to-day
from Jacksonville, Tuolumne County.
His funeral wili take place to-morrow from
Justice Morris' house, 2044 Railroad
avenue, at 1:30 p. m.
DELEGATES TO ST. LOUIS
I Leading Republicans Whose
Names Are Now Men
tioned.
California Will Be Entitled to
Eighteen Votes in the
Convention.
The call for a State convention to select
delegates from California to the Republi
can National Convention at St. Louis will
probably be issued next month by the
Republican State Central Committee, j
California will be entitled to four delegates
at large and two from each Congressional
district. The executive committee of the
j Republican State Central Committee will
| meet again February 15. The committee
i consists of the following members: P. P.
Cornwall, Isaac Upham, J. H. Mahoney,
W. W. Montague, J. J. Jacoby, H. L.
Dodge, Leon Dennery, J. J. Evans, D.
M. Kurns, W. C. Johnson, David Kerr, John
D. Spreckels, Asa E. Wells. E. C. Palmieri,
Wendell Easton, M. Cooney, A. Rcuff,
Frank McQuade, James McNab, H. P.
Sonntng, Charles Bundshu, Alvinza Hay
ward, J. K. Doak, P_ki»vard Swoeney, A. B. i
Lemmon, J. C. Daly, W. H. Chickerinsr, j
E. C. Hart, R. J. Northam and 0. A. Hale.
The question of apportionment, whether '
it shall be on the basis of the vote for Es- |
tee at the last State election or the vote for
Harrison at the last Presidential election,
may not be settled without some discus- j
sion.
It is understood that Sacramento will be
an active candidate for convention honors.
Many prominent Republicans are already
mentioned as candidates for the honor of
representing California at the St. Louis
convention. Among the candidates men
tioned for delegates-at-large are John D.
Spreckels, Judge de Haven, Lionel Shel
don, W. H. Dimond, Editor Otis of Los
Angeles, W. H. L. Barnes and J. L.
Louttit. It is reported that Senator
Perkins expects to go as a delegate from
the Oakland Congressional District, Grove
L. Johnson and Frank D. Ryan are candi
dates in the Sacramento Congressional
District. Colonel George Stone, president
of. the Union League Club, and 0. A. Hale
of San Jose are spoken of as candidates in
the Fifth Congressional District.
The Republicans in the Fourth Congres
sional District have not put forward any
candidates, but there is ample time for the
selection.
DEFENDANT EXECUTORS
The Old Suit Against Charles Mayne
Now Directed Against His
Kttate.
Antoine Borel and Louise Barroilhet,
executors of the will of the late Charles
Mayne, have been substituted as defend
ants in an old suit brought by Charles B.
Polhemus against Mayne to recover
$200,000.
The suit crew from the sale of an old
road from "this City to San Jose. Mayne
gold the road to Polbemus, who entered
into possession, but soon after he charged
Mayne with misrepresenting the value of
the property, and he accordingly brought
suit against him for $200,000. This suit
was commenced in 1867 and has been
dragging along ever since. The interest
•lone amounts to $1,500,000. and Mayne's
estate is valued at only $500,000. Repeated
efforts have been made to compromise the
claim, but it has never been done, and the
substitution of the executors for the de
ceased seems to have revived it.
California Klocntloniita.
The California Apsociation of Elocutionists
met Wednesday evening at Shiels Hall. Many
interesting papers were read and discussed.
A notaMc essay was that of Edna Snell Poul
»on, entited "Problems of Interest to Elocu
tionists." The association adjourned to meet
at the call ot the president, William T. Boss.
THK SAN FRANC ISOO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
SEVERITY OF THE STORM.
Supervisors Discover Driftwood
in Branches of High
Trees.
SEIMEE GIVEN TWELVE YEARS.
The Judge Declares It Surprising
That Such a Crime Could
Be Committed.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. )
The Supervisors of this county have re
turned from a tour of the county roads as
a committee of the whole. They went
on receiving complaints from various sec
tions, telling of the damage done to the
public highways and bridges. The result
is causing considerable figuring to tell how
they are going to be able to repair all the
damage done with the money at hand.
The worst damage reported was out in
the Bedwood Canyon, back of SanLeandro.
Here the water from the hills is brought
into the one stream and after such a storm
as Sunday the water rises to a great height
in an incredibly short time. The canyon
is narrow, and owing to this fact the
height reached is greater than at most
other points in the county. Driftwood
was found lodged in trees along the banks
of this stream fully fifteen feet above the
bed of the creek.
The big bridge near the Catholic church,
which was built with a view of withstand
ing a good rise in the canyon, was so Dadly
wrecked that it had to be ordered rebuilt
under the emergency act. A number of
tha smaller bridgas were swung oft their
supports and will have to be replaced at
heavy cost. In many places the roads had
great gullies cut into them by the raging
waters.
Said Supervisor W. H. Church: "The
deluge must have been something un
precedented, as the marks left on the
banks of the streams showed they had
all been much higher than at any previous
occasion. Of course the driftwood seen in
the trees looked much higher, owing to
the washing out of the bed of the 6tream
afterward. With the rirst great swell
things were carried high, but later the bed
of the streams was cut away by the rag
ing torrents."
SEEN RIVALRY.
( — i
Rev. Donald Ro»s Has Two Competitors
for the Fulpit of the Second
Presbyterian Cnnrch.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— There are
three active competitors for the pastorate
of the Second Presbyterian Church, va
cated about a month ago by Rev. H. H.
Rice, who has just accepted a call to Po
mona.
} Rev. Henry C. Torason of Cambria, San
Louis Obispo County, Rev. James Orr of
Benicia Congregational church and Rev.
9 Donaid Ross of San Francisco are the lead
i ing candidates, and a decision will be
' reached by the congregation next Wednes
. day night.
i "The position at this time is this," said
i a leading officer of the church to-night."
"Mr. Ro.-s and Mr. Toiuson are very close
in the lead at present. Both have many
friends in the congregation, and at present
it would be difficult to say which would
I have the greatest number of votes on the
• first ballot. Rev. Mr. Orr is a Congrega-
I tionalist and evaneehst, but that is con
| sidered no bar. He has enough friends to
, insure that no one will be elected on the
first ballot. The situation is very inter
esting, for should the followers of either
Mr. Tomson or Mr. Ross refuse to give in,
Orr may be accepted by the majority
somewhat in the nature of a compromise.'"'
( GETS TWELVE YEARS.
Judge Greene Shows No Leniency to
Adult Reprobates.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Henry Bei
mer was sentenced to twelve years' itn
; prisonment in Folsom to-day by Judge
. Greene. He had been convicted of a felo
nious assault upon eight-year-old Myr
i tie Iseedham of North Temescal. His
j attorney made a move for a new trial on
i the ground that there was lack of proof to
show Seimer was not married to the child,
but was overruled. He read extracts from
the testimony to show circumstance which
i would lessen the punishment to be in
flicted, and cloeed with a plea for the mini
mum, five years.
Judge Greene held that the testimony
indicated that Seimer had been guilty, not
once but twice, of the offense cnarged
against him. He then directed special
attention to a certain phase of it that indi
cated very revolting circumstances, but
saying that he believed Seimer had been
a man of integrity and was well considered
t by his neighbors.
I "But he fell," continued the Judge, "and
| I believe he is now sorry for his acts. The
j statute places his crime on a footing with
robbery and murder of the second degree.
It is left to the discretion of the court to
fix the punishment £rom five years up.
This is a case where to some extent at
least tne punishment should fit the crime.
It was heinous. It is even appalling that
such a crime should be committed in a
| community like thi9."
HELP FOB ROGERS.
The Centenarian Receive* Some Warm-
Hearted aud Generous Visitors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The story In
to-day's Call about the sad conditions un
; der whicn John Rogers, the man 104 years
>ld, lives in a leaky barn near the water
i front, aroused sympathy in the hearts of
j many, and several people called on him to
day. One lady came over from San Fran
cisco and returned, saying that she would
send old Rogers some clothing, and others
[ made him small presents.
The officers of the Humane Society said
j to-day that the case cannot be handled by
them, as Rogers is voluntarily enduring
bis present hardships and privations, and
they cannot interfere.
For some months the Supervisors have
given Rogers an order for $4 for groceries,
and an offer was made to have him placed
in the county poorhouse, but the old man
declined. He used to live in a barn on a
lot at Third and Jefferson streets, but the
I place was pulled down, and he went to his
present quarters about two months ago.
He ha 3 not been able to go about peddling
for over a year, and he is mostly dependent
on the charity of neighbors. The people
who live in the bouse in front of the stable
will complain to the Health Office to-day
that the old man is a nuisance and will
ask that he be removed. Everybody who
i.as visited the den is of the opinion that
the old man should be taken care of, irre
spective of his protest, as hia mind now
shows signs of failing.
YON HIRSCH'S TROUBLE.
Saya His Stepdaughter Had an Ungov
ernable Temper and He Whipped Her.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Professor S.
J. yon Hirsch, who until recently was
leader of the First Methodist Sunday
school orchestra, was in the Police Court
this morning to plead to a charge of cru
elty toward his 15-year-old stepdaughter.
Attorney Brittou represented the defend
ant ana asked for a continuance before
pleading, and the request was granted, j
The professor's lodge friends have come j
to his aid and it was they who put up his
bonds.
Yon Hirsch said that the girl had an
ungovernable temper. He admits that
about Christmas time he was compelled to
chastise her, because she refused to wait
on her invalid mother. He says that on
that occasion she struck him in the face
and he used a small cane in punishing her
and denies chastising her severely. He
also denies that he ever struck her in the
face with his list.
The girl is now with F. E. Titus, who re
sides on Myrtle street. She is considera
bly run down mentally and physically on
account of the unpleasant circumstances
under which she has livea for the past two
years. "This man Yon Hirsch." said Mr.
Titus, "is on- of the meanest men I ever
met, if one-half of the stories told me by
the girl are true. Worse than all is the
story the girl tells of attempted immoral
ity. I think she has been rescued from
him in the nick of time."
For the Wilmerdlng School.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— The Mer
chants' Exchange meets to-tuorrow even
ing, at which time delegates will be present
from the State Development Association
of San Francisco. The matter of assisting
in the work of securine the Wilmerding
Industrial School, now being agitated by
the Ebell Society, will also receive some
attention.
Federal Official tor Oakland.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 30.— Internal
Revenue Collector Welburn of San Fran
cisco has been requested by rectifiers of
spirits in this city to appoint a United
States g&uger for this point so as to facili
tate business here. As an argument in
support of the petition is that it is cus
tomary in Eastern cities of 60,000 inhabit
ants to have a special gauger. At the
present time the Oakland rectifiers have to
send to San Francisco to get a deputy
collector to gauge their product, and some
times they are required to wait several
days for one to come over. There is a
special agent on the coast looking into in
ternal revenue business, and it is likely
the petition will be referred to him.
Martin-Colgrove.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— Harold L.
Martin, the son of Attorney J. C. Martin,
was married at noon to-day to Miss Hattie
Belle Colgrove, the daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. George L. Colgrove of 230 Twelfth
street, at the First Congregational Church,
Rev. S. M. Freeland officiating. Owing to
the recent death of Mrs. Martin there was
no display and there was no bridal party.
Mr. and Mrs. Martin left this afternoon for
San Jose and other points of interest in
that vicinity.
A McKinley Clnb.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 30.— At Milton
Hall, San Pablo avenue and Twenty
eighth street, the Republicans of the Sec
ond Ward are to organize a campaign club
this evening. Four or five aspirants for
the position of president are mentioned.
It is intended to make the organization a
McKinley Club.
THE OAKLAND EXPOSITION
Detailed Financial Statement Pre
sented by Treasurer
Roeth.
Net Proceeds of Nearly Two Thousand
Dollars Turned Over to Its
Successor.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
'JOB Broadway, Jan. 30. \
The stockholders of the Oakland Expo
sition (incorporated) held a meeting last
evening and ejected as a board of directors
J. W. Nelson, M. J. Keller, George Roeth,
E. G. Buswell, John T. Bell, H. 0. Trow
bridt;e, F. W. Spiars, Oharles S. Booth,
Oraieie Sharp, Fred Becker and Theo
Gier.
The board met immediately and organ
ized temporarily by electing John T. Bell
chairman and George Roeth secretary.
The by-laws as engrossed were adopted
and the election of officers proceeded witb
with the following result: President, J.
W. Neison; vice-president, M. J.Keller;
secretary, George Roeth; treasurer, Union
National Bank.
Treasurer George Roeth of the exposi
tion executive committee of which the
present corporation is the successor, pre
sented a detailed financial statement of
the recent exposition. The receipts and
disbursements are shown to be as follows:
Receipts — Sale of space in main build
ing, $757; annex, $575 74; concessions,
$207 25; general admission, adult, children
and season tickets, $3412 35. J. T. Bell
season ticket account, $436 30; other
sources, $3105; Alameda County, $250;
discount and rent, $40 40; total, $5709 10.
Disbursements — Building annex, $1125;
music, $839; priming, $170; premiums,
$104 35; plumbing, $63 55; concessions,
JfoT <>5; light and power, $75; rent, $70;
salaries, $582 55; labor, $366 70; expenses,
$31125; charity, $200.
Balance on" deposit in the Union Na
tional Bank, account Oakland Exposition.
$1743 90.
HISTOKY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told In
Short Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. \
The condition of Captain Moody of theßonita
continues to improve. His recovery Is now
considered quite certain.
The Sunday-school orchestra of the First
Congregational Church will give their fifteenth
annual concert on Friday evening, February
7, at the church building.
Division Superintendent A. D. Wilder re
turned yesterday from a five days' trip of in
spection over the 800 miles of railroad which
he has in his jurisdiction.
Council 25, W. A. P. A., will give a musical
and literary entertainment at Masonic Hall,
West Oakland, to-morrow evening. Council
23, A. P. A., will be present.
The complaints against Turner and Foun
tain will be filed to-day. Tiny will be tried on
two charges, one of carrying burglars' tools;
the other of carrying concealed weapons.
County Auditor Whidden, Supervisor Hiram
Bailey and Deputy District Attorney Moore
counted the cash to-day in the county treas
ury. The balance on hand is $117,030.
To-morrow evening \V. H. Hammon of the
United States Weather Service will give an
illustrated lecture at the Chester-street M. E.
Church upon the subject of wather forecast
ing—its methods, limitations and possibilities.
The Christian Endeavor Society of the Con
gregational church held their social aud busi
ness meeting Tuesday evening at the home of
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Wright, on Hannah
street. They voted $10 to tbe new church at
Decotc.
The trial of Police Officer Lamping, which
was to have been continued by the Police Com
missioners last evening, was further postponed,
as some of the Commissioners were not able to
be present. The date of the iurther hearing
has not yet been definitely fixed.
The Oakland and East Oakland councils of
the Junior Order of United American Mechan
ics will give a musical and literary entertain
ment at Fraternity Hall, Thirteenth and
Washington streets, next Tuesday evening. An
excellent programme has been arranged, to be
followed by a dance.
The "Old Fashioned Deestrict Skule" will be
given at Hauson's Hall, corner Eighth and
Wood streets, on February (>. The Odin Quar
tet of Sun Francisco ; Henry Foster, c-larinet ■ F.
J. Allen, barytone; Louise A. Henning, elocu
tionist, and the Venetian Mandolin, Guitar and
Banjo Club are on the programme.
The will of Dr. Willey, the compounder of a
patent medicine, was filed yesterday by \ttor
ney Ben Woolner. The deceased died at sea
May 21, 1394, on the ship Minerva, and left an
estate valued at about $1000. It constvs of a
distillery of bay leaves on the Fish-ranch road
and some lots at Delano. Tlie entire estate is
left to his widow, who haß since married Ma
jor Frank Robinson of Christ's Rescue Home
Thirty cars filled w*th cheese went
through Oxford County, Maine, last week,
on their way to Boston to be shipped to
England.
WHEN GREEK MEETS GREEK
The Tug of War Is Reached in
the Wettstein Damage
Suit.
OLD FRIENDS MEET AS ENEMIES
Dr. E. H. Woolsey Appears for the
Plaintiff and Is Questioned by
A. A. Moore.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. j
The case of Colonel Wettstein against
the Southern Pacific Company for dam
ages for injuries received by being shoved
from a train by an employe iB attracting
much attention. The appearance of Dr.
E. H. Woolsey, who for years has been the
company physician here and has been its
main dependence on which to fiVbt all
damage suits, was to be made on behalf of
the plaintiff. The railroad attorney, A. A.
Moore, has fought hundreds of cases with
the doctor'B help, but when he was placed
on the stand to-day made it as disagree
able for his former ally as could be
imagined.
Dr. Woolsey was asked the usual pre
liminary questions as to his profession and
experience.
"What experience have you had with
railroad cases?" asked the plaintiff's at
torney.
"1 have had an experience of over twenty
years," he replied.
"What experience with concussion of
the spine?"
"An experience extending over twenty
years."
In reply to further questions the doctor
described the plaintifrs injuries and illus
trated by bending his body. "This was at
the point, gentlemen," said the witness,
addressing the jury, "where athletes are
particularly supple""
"If Dr. Woolsey is to address the jury,"
exclaimed Attorney Moore, "1 would pre
fer that we have a fair whack in an open
field."
"Nothing would suit me better, sir," ex
claimed the doctor, with a defiant wave of
his hand toward Mr. Moore.
"I want to object to the argumentation
by the witness," said Moore, "for I feel
satisfied that if this is not checked we will
have a lecture here lasting three days."
"Incidentally I will say," replied the
physician, "that if I am not interrupted I
will conclude my testimony in an hour and
a half."
He then described the conditions of a cer
tain organ and remarked, "This is not so
in an ordinary case."
"We object," exclaimed Mr. Moore, "to
the comment and comparison."
"At this rate it will take me four hours
and a balf," replied the physician.
"There is a deformity resulting from in
jury or shrinkage, due to a lack of nutri
tion or other causes," said the doctor in
the course of his testimony. It was ob
jected to by Mr. Moore, as it was a conclu
bion.
"I did not say that it was so ; that it was
either one or the other reason," warmly re
plied the doctor.
"I wish you would address yonr remarks
to the court, and not to me," said Mr.
Moore.
"The doctor did addres3 himself to the
court, and simply added to his testimony,"
said his Honor.
Attorney Moore remarked that there
had been a great deal of delay, and that
when objection was made to the improper
manner in which the doctor was bringing
In outside issues. Dr. Woolsey seemed
offended at this and made some remark
aside.
"I would like," said Mr. Moore, "that
the court would instruct the witness that
when he says anything he say it in a
manner that it may be heard."
"I shall resent insults whenever they
are given to me," replied the doctor hotly.
"The court will protect the witness,"
said Judge Ogden, "but counsel has a
right to interrupt with objections."
Mr. Moore said he had not insulted Dr.
TVoolsey, and that knowing his testy dis
position he had studiously addressed the
witness through the court.
'When you referred to the manner in
whicti i appeared in the case as 'improper'
you insulted me," replied the physician."
"Let it go at that," replied the attorney.
"Did you ever refuse to appear in a suit
instituted against the company in their
behalf?" asked Attorney Moore.
''1 have refused to appear in twenty-five
cases to one in which I have appeared,"
was tho reply.
He was next asked regarding the tem
perature in cases of concussion of the
brain.
"That i 9 a catch question and no one
knows it better than you do," was the
reply.
The passes between the witness and the
railroad's attorney were the causes of great
merriment to the lobby until the court
threatened to clear the room.
FRANK O'BRIEN MISSING
A Well-Known West Berkeley
Saloon Man Disappears
Suddenly.
Trial of Berkeley Students— Anxiety
About Football Elections— South
Berkeley Fire Hydrants.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.-FranK
O'Brien, who keeps a saloon at the corner
of Sixth street and University avenue, is
missing. He wes last seen on Tuesday
night by Joseph Segui, a friend, who left
him at his room, after a pleasure trip to
Martinez. It is stated that O'Brien was
under the influence of liquor, and that
Segui put him to bed in his own room at
the corner of Fourth street and University
avenue. On revisiting the room yesterday
morning O'Brien was gone. Segui then
went to the home of O'Brien on Delaware
street, but the family declared that they
had not seen him since Sunday.
O'Brien is welflknown in the West End,
and his disappearance has caused anxiety
on the part of his acquaintances.
Beady to Play Ball.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— The Uni
versity Glee Club and the football team
have already organized for the contest to
take place between them on Saturday,
Februury 8, as a result of the glee club's
challenge. The singers will play in white
duck trousers, with white sweaters, white
caps and white tenni? shoes. The football
men will appear in football attire, with
blue-andgold stockings, blue sweaters and
blue caps.
On the football team's nine Walthall
will play catcher; Kaarsberg, pitcher;
Douglas, first base; Bender, second base;
Ransome, third base; Hupp, shortstop;
Hilborn, left field; Plunkett, center field,
and Sherman, right field. Hilborn will
captain the nine and Kennedy, Selfridge
and Reinhardt are named as substitutes.
The glee club's baseball nine will be
captained by Morse and will take places
as follows: C. Elston, catcher; Morse,
pitcher ; S. Rawlings, first base; T. Smith,
second base ; R. H. Parsons, third base ;
T. A. Smith, B. G. Somers and P. Hutch
ins, left, center and right field, respec
tively. The substitutes are Parcells, Vee
der, Stringham and Bakewell.
Rare and Valuable Seeds.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.-The de
partment of agriculture at the university
j has just received an invoice of rare and
valuable seeds from a Parisian house.
lhe consignment includes seventeen
new species of eucalyptus not before grown
on this coast, so far as known, forty-five
acacias, twenty or more species of palms
and a large number of new and rare eco
nomic plants, trees and shrubs, such as
Styraiofficinale, Cocolobauviferaand Hip
tomane manicella.
Among the vegetable seeds are seme new
strains of sugar beets which will be tested
at the stations and the choicest of the new
flowering plants of various florist types.
Among the new shrubs are numbers of
species from Sorth Africa, Australia and
other districts which collectors have re
cently visited.
• These seeds are to be divided among the
central station and the substations at Po
mona, Tulare, Jackson, Paso Robles, Chico
and Santa Monica. Some of the plants
grown at the central station will be planted
on the grounds and some in the botanical
garden.
Co-Eds Will Assist.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.-A meeting
of the young lady students of the univer
sity was called to-day by Mrs. P. V. Paget,
wife of Professor Paget-of the department
of Romance languages, for the purpose of
creating enthusiasm among them regard
ing the "student labor" movement of Re
gent Reinstein, and of outlining measures
to supply the pick-and-shovei brigade with
lunch. Mrs. Martin Kellogg spoke in sup
port of the plans of Mrs. Paget, and was
rirm in the belief that the co-eds should do
their share in the of beautifying tne
grounds by providing food for those who
do the toiling.
The co-eds showed considerable enthu
siasm in the matter, but were not wholly
prepared to pass finally upon the question,
A motion was passed resolving to raise
$100 with which to meet the expenses of
supplying the sandwiches and doughnuts.
Another meeting will be held in a few
days, when final action will be taken.
They Ask the Reason Why.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— The stu
dent? of the university are in a state of
supreme anxiety to know why the election
of the football manager and* captain for
the season of '96 does not take place.
Various reasons for the unprecedented de
lay have been advanced, and some have
even gone so far as to state that the pro
crastination is due to political jobbery.
Ordinarily tne election takes place dur
ing the second week of the sprintr term,
but this year it was delayed until Wednes
day of the tbird week, and then postponed
until Wednesday of next week.
The men in the field for the position of
manager are Frank P. Taylor and George
F. Reinhardt, and for captain, Edward
Sherman and Wilford Ransome.
Frightens the Children.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— There is
talk of applying a coat of tar and feathers
to a man whose identity is not yet known,
but whom the children of the Le Conte
School say has been prowling around
after them. On Tuesday afternoon tliis
person waited until school was closed and
the pupils were on their way home, when
he accosted several little girls. Each
time, however, he was frightened away.
He was careful to keep his face concealed,
but the little girls describe nim as a man
of middle age, ordinary height, heavy set
and wearing a derby hat and black cloth
ing. He was seen again to-day, but made
his escape before being apprehended by
the police.
Trial of the Students.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.— The trial
of the four university students who were
arrested last week on a charge of having
made an unprovoked assault upon Harry
Rodgers, a student in Boone's Academy,
will come up before Judge James to-mor
row morning at 10 o'clock.
The difficulty between the students
arose over an alleged insult offered to an
unprotected lady by Rodgera, for which
the U. C. men gave him a trouncing.
Will Place More Hydrants.
BERKELEY, Cax., Jan. 30.— South
Berkeley is about to be supplied with a
number of new hydrants for protection
in case of fire. The Contra Costa Water
Company has a force of men employed in
placing a new line of them starting from
Teleeraph avenue, running down Ashby
avenue to Shattuck, down Shattuck to J
Alcatraz, and then to Adeline. The plugs !
will be stationed two blocks apart tnrougn
out the district outlined.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 30.- Berkeley
Lodge No. 1941, K. and L. of H., installed
the following officers last night at Pythian
Hall: Past protector, William C. Water
land; protector, Joseph T. Farrar; vice
protector, Mrs. Mary Bishop; record
ing and financial secretary, E. M. Han
son; treasurer, R. W. Good; chaplain,
Mrs. L. Bradley; guide. Miss A. Goss;
guardian, Charles G. Wright; sentinel,
Peter Peterson.
INTERESTING TO MINERS
Question of Extra Lateral Bights Arises
in the Big Grass Valley
Mining Salt.
The argument over the admissibility of
evidence upon which the defendant in the
big suit of the Carson City Gold and Silver
Mining Company against the North Star
Mining Company bases the extra lateral
rights it claims continued before United
States Circuit Judge Beatty all of yester
day, and the question was taken under ad
visement uutil to-morrow.
The suit is for $825,000 for ore taken out
by the North Star Company from the
plaintiff's ledge. The two litigant cor
porations have adjoining mining proper
ties in Grass valley, Nevada County, and
it appears that the North Star Company
has dipped down under the surface area of
that of the Carson City Company.
The North Star property was formerly
the old Irish-American mine, to which,
however, a great many other claims have
been added. It comprises a large number
of old locations, and is about the same
size as that of the Carson City Company,
namely, sixty acres. All the North Star
claims were consolidated and patented in
their entirety in 1869. About 200 of the
early locations were embraced in this
patent.
The North Star people, in developing
their ledge, represent that they followed
its natural course downward "by an in
clined shaft for a distance of about 2400
feet, and from this 6haft a network of
shafts and drifts were tunneled under the
surface area of the Carßon City Company's
property. They justify their work on the
theory that they followed the ledge from
their own ground, and by their claim of
extra lateral rights based upon the con
solidated patent.
The position taken by the counsel for
the Carson City Mining Company is that
no extra lateral rights were conferred by
this patent, and the attorneys naturally
objected to the admission of evidence by
by which the North Star Company pro
posed to show that it has simply fol
lowed the continuity of its vein from its
apex.
The demand for the $825,000 is to cover
the ore taken out by the North Star people
durintr the three years prior to September
12, 1894, though it is said several millions
of dollars' worth have been taken out alto
gether. Attorneys W. H. Dickson and A.
C. Ellrs of Salt Lake City argued for the
plaintiff yesterday, and the defendant was
represented by Curtis H. Lindley. Lind
ley & Eickboff are assisted in the defense
by Frederick Searles and Harold Wheeler,
and C. W. Kitts of Grass Valley is asso
ciated with Messrs. Ellis and Dickson for
the Carson City Company.
Schweitz Convicted.
Phillip Schweitz, who posed here for some
lime as a rabbi of an Eastern synagogue, has
been convicted of forging a check for $%5. He
forged the name of L. E. Berg to a check and
then had William Bedell, a friend, cash it.
SUTRO ROAD OPENING
Officers and Supervisors Will
Take Part in the Cere
mony To-Day.
THE SYSTEM OF COUPONS.
It Will Discriminate in Favor of Those
Who Ride on the Sutro White
Cars.
The Sutro Railroad will be formally
opened with a few simple ceremonies to
morrow morning. At the same time the
Cliff House and the Sutro Baths will be
opened an<l dedicated. Al! is now in readi
ness. The cars on the Sutro road have
been running for two or three days and
the gearing of machinery and cars are
gettings their bearings.
The business done by the road yesterday
is represented by cash receipt* footing up
$133 55 and transfers from thn Sutter
street line numbering 1839. This means
the hauling of 4450 passengers.
The cars are now being run at a seven
minute headway. There are thirty cars
and they will be run at a two minute or
two minute and a half headway when the
road is in full operation.
The power-house adjoins the bathhouse,
and the hot water from its boilers will be
used to heat the baths. Two engines sup
ply the electric power — a large and a small
one. The cars are also large and small.
The smaii cars will be run wnen there is
small travel, the large ones upon demand,
and both will be operated when required.
The power of the small and large engines,
and both of them together, wiU be called
upon in like manner.
Invitations have been sent out to a num
ber of people, who will be the guests of the
Mayor on the occasion of the opening to
morrow. Among these are the members
of the Board of Supervisors, the officers of
the Sutro road and the Sutter-street line
and representatives of the press. Cars
will be awaiting them at Central avenue at
11 o'clock. Arriving at the station on the
ocean front the guests will be greeted by
the music of the First Infantry band, Ca3
assa, leader. Mayor Sutro will deliver an
address of welcome and declare the Sutro
railroad open for business. Under his
guidance the guests will then make a tour
of inspection of the baths and the power
house of the road, and then go to the Cliff
House, where a collation will be served at
1 o'clock.
The system of coupons will be put into
operation also, under which the patrons of
the Sutro road will be granted privileges
not accorded to those who ride on the cars
of the other company.
Hereafter an admission fee of 10 cents
will be charged to these latter for entering
Sutro Heights. Those who ride on the
Sutro road will be given a coupon with
their return ticket entitling them to enter.
Another coupon, worth 5 cents toward the
purchase of a ticket to the baths— the
price of which is 15 cents — is also at
tached.
In other words, the passenger on the
outward bound cars of the Sutro road who
buys for 5 cents a return ticket Becurea
with it two coupons worth 15 cents toward
excursion to the baths and heights. One
of them admits to the heights, and the
other, with 10 cents additional, admits to
the baths.
It is expected there will be a big rush
toward the ocean over the new road to
morrow.
In speaking of the matter yesterday
Mayor Sutro said: "I propose to "fulfill my
promise now to deed Sutro Heights to the
people as a public park forever. I pro
pose to put my lawyers at work on this at
once. I nave everything in shape now.
Nobody knows the work I have had in
bringing this road through and securing
this cheap rate to the ocean. We are se
cure now, and I propose to deed the
heights without any restrictions such as
was sought to be put upon it."
The Market-street Company will no
longer issue transfers to the Sutter-street
road at Market and Hayes streets aud Mis
sion and Ninth streets.
A DEMOCRATIC CLUB.
Thirty-Third District Voters Organize
for the Campaign.
Last night 100 members of the Demo
cratic party of the Thirty-third District
met at Maennerbund Hall to reorganize.
The meeting was called by Patrick Har
rington and the roll was opened for signa
tures, which showed at the conclusion of
the meeting 99 names. The following offi
cers and committees were elected and ap
pointed: President, James B. Hughes;
first vice-president, Henry Birbe; second
vice-president, Charles Duggan; third
vice-president, William J. Higgins; secre
tary, G. H. Oulton ; treasurer, Fred Cos
grove; sergeant-at-arms, John Foppiano.
Canvassine committee — George R. Code,
William Quinn, Michael Hurley, George
Burnett, John Foppiano; committee on
constitution and by-laws — A. J. Donovan,
George R. Code, Tlinmas F. Mitchell.
Remarks were made by A. J. Donovan,
Michael Hurley, Garrett Burke, Patrick
Harrington and others.
The body was named the California
Democratic Club 1 of the Thirty-third
Assembly District. Propositions were
made to have branch clubs in South San
Francisco and the Potrero. The club will
meet Thursday night, February 13, at the
same hall.
A Midwinter Fair Suit.
H. T. B. Christian and A. C. Danlell are suing
William M. Gifford, Frank S. Dabs and Adolph
Bail for the balance due on the sale of Chris
tian's privilege at the Midwinter Fair. The
concession was better known as Dr. Whim
Cloud's Indian Village. The defendants owned
the Arizona Indian Village and they bought
out White Cloud's place for $1800. They were
to pay from the profits, aud the balance due,
over $1100, Is being sued for.
NEW TO-DAY.
SFA^c o
iffOFI SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TKEATS ALL CHRONIO
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles,
varicocele, liydrocele and swelling' of the gland*.
.Loss or partial loss of sex Jal power hi either, men.
or women, emissions.* sleeplessness, mental worry,
bash fulness, failing memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anl permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured. - ■ ■
WRJTK your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge.
Address F. L. BWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office), .
■ f r. •-• . San Francisco, U*i.
1314
THE TRIAL OF
CAPTAIN HEALY.
A Stormy Thanksgiving
Day on the Bay at
Sausalito.
NEW TESTIMONY GIVEN.
The Old Salt Accused of Abusing
a Lieutenant and Being
Tipsy.
IN TEE CABIN OF THE BEAR.
"A Liar, Sir." Was What the Captain
Called His Subordinate, According
to the Evidence.
"What do you mean by spitting in my
face?"
"If you say I spat in your face you're a
liar, sir."
This brief but spirited conversation and
the events said to have called it forth
formed the subject matter for yesterday's
] roiecdings in the Healy investigation.
George If. Daniels, second lieutenant of
the Bear, was first examined. He said
that on Thanksgiving day, 18i)5, he saw
Captain Healy in an advanced stage of in
toxication on the ferry wharf at Sausalito.
The Bear was lying in the stream, not far
from the wharf. He and the captain went
aboard in a small boat, and in a few min
ute? the captain called him into his cabin.
As soon as t' c witness was inside the cabin
Captain Healy closed the door and com
menced to insult him, making use of many
outrageous expressions, and ended by the
insult already alluded to.
At this stage in his testimony the wit
ness appeared to be overcome by the recol
lection of events described, and burst out
into a prolonged gizgle.
"Funny, wasn't it?" queried, one of the
captain's attorneys, imitating the Daniels
giggle as best he could.
■•Well, yes, it was rather funny," re
sponded the lieutenant, and he giggled
aiiain.
"By the way, Mr. Daniels, when the
captain spat in your face what did you
do?" asked the attorney.
'I wiped off my face," was the witness'
answer, whereat a smile circulated about
the judicial chamber.
"Did you say anything? Any bad words,
for instance?"
• - 1 asked the captain what he meant,"
ar.-wt-red Daniels, "and he said that if 1
accused him of such an insult I was a
liar."
"That was all there was to ti:e little af
fair, was it?" inquired the captain's repre
sentative.
'Yes," answered Daniels, "that was all."
'•And the captain was really drunk?"
"On, yes," was the lieutenant's answer,
"very drunk."
The morning session here closed, the
reading ot the charges against the captain
having taken up a considerable portion of
the time. These charges were drawn up
by Lieutenants Daniels and Emery, {and
accuse the captain of drunkenness and
conduct unbecoming an officer on Thanks
giving day. 1895, at Sausalito. The latter
cuarge is based upon the assertion of Dan
iels that the captain spat in his face and
tritd to pick a quarrel with him on that
day.
During the recess the officers, having
taken lunch, congregated in little groups
about the corridors and conversed upon
the affair at is^ue.
As the afternoon session opened a man
attempted to enter the room in which the
investigation was going on. His entry
was, however, barred by an individual in
uniform, who after flourishing a bayonet
in midair drew with it an imaginary line
on the floor in front of the door, re'niark
ine grimly as lie did so:
'"That's; the dead line."
H. E. Emery, first lieutenant of the
Bear, was the tirst witness of the after
noon. He said Daniels had requested lnm
to go with him aboard the Bear on
Thanksgiving morning, as he expected to
have a row with the captain. The witness
listened at the door while the captain and
Danitls were within the cabin. He heard
Daniels exclaim, "What do you mean by
epitting in my face?" To which Captain
Healy answered, "If you say I spat in
your face you're a liar." He knew the
voices, and said he could not be misled in
this particular. He had seen the captain
shortly before the encounter, and he was
then '"disgracefully drunk."' Immediately
lifter the cabin scene, the witness, at the
suggestion of Daniels, telegraphed his ver-
Eiun of it to the Secretary of the Treasury
at Washington.
Mr. Emery's testimony consumed a long
tin-.'.', and aii present exnaled a sigh of re
lief as he left the stand. When asked a
question, the lieutenant, before answering,
Kpent from two to tive minutes "in rumi
nation deep and long." Beirnr asked his
reasons for that, he said he wanted to be
pure uf what he was saying. When his
answers toid against the captain, how
ever, they came without delay, a circum-
B'ance which caused tne old man to glare
m< :e than once in indignation.
Albert Buhner, temporarily in command
of the Bear pending the outcome of the
investigation, was next called upon to tes
tify. He said he had conversed with Cap
tain Healy on the wharf at Sausalito on
the morning of Thanksgiving day, and
that the captain v/as perfectly sober. This
was perhaps fitteen minutes before the
alleged spirited interview between the cap
tain and Daniels in the cabin.
Chiet Engineer Coffin of the Bear testi
fied t;iat he had heard Daniels' question
and that he had also heard the Captain's
answer without being able to distinguish
the words. He was on deck at the time
and got a glimpse of the captain through
the skylight. The old man appeared to
be much excited, but sober.
This closed the case for the prosecution.
H. B. Vote], steward of the San Francisco
iacht Club's establishment at Sausalito,
Baid he saw Captain Healy between 9 and
10 o'clock on Thanksgiving morning at
the clubhouse. The camain was sober
and conversed with the witness for several
minutes.
William Boundy, a gunner on the Bear;
Thomas Powers, quartermaster; Herman
Dun berg, coxswain, and J. P. Peterson
and Joseph Byrnes, seamen, all of the
Bear, were in the boat which conveyed
Captain Healy to the cutter from the
wharf at Sausaluo on Thanksgiving morn-
Ing immediately before the little affair
with Daniels. All testified that the cap
tain was perfectly sober at the time. At
this point an adjournment was taken for
ih«i day.
In the evening Captain Healy was seen,
and on being asked his views in reference
to the probabie outcome of the investiga
tion replied:
"My attorneys will not peimit me to
fneak for publication, so I can say but lit
tle. They would wish me to keep my
mouth shut tight as a clam, as they do,
but, hang it! a man must bpeak some
times or he'll burst! This whole thing is
» job put uj> by a few you:ig fellows who
lon't want to work and hate to obey. Ami
then I suppose the boys think the old men
aught to iret out of the way and give them
i chance. Perhaps t .eyre right, but even
'.hough I am old I don't relish being run
out by men whom I have made. After all
I'm riot quite a fossil, even if I'm not so
yonng as I might be.
"By the way, before I forget it, I must
acknowledge the deep obligation under
which The Call has* placed me by publish
ing its lon£ and accurate reports of the in
vestigation, though it's a wonder to every
body^where it gets the information. The
Call's treatment of me has been most re
spectful, anrt I am deeply grateful for it.
As for the publicity, I have nothing to
fear from it, but I am mortally afraid of
mysterious, star chamber proceedings."
On being asked how he thought the
trial would end the captain answered:
"I can only conjecture, and conjectures
are not worth much, but I am not afraid
to entrust my official honor to the action
of the heads of that service in which I
have won a name that no power on earth
can take from me."
PAINT FOR THE MINT.
Copper Koof to Re Repaired and New
Ventilators Put In. .
When Mr. Aiken, theSupervisine Archi
tect of the Treasury Department, was
jaunting over the Pacitic'Coast last sum
mer he tarried in San Francisco lone
enough to inspect the new Postofflce site.
Incidentally he visited John Daggett,
Superintendent of the United States
Branch Mint, and the two Federal office
holders inspected the copper-plated roof
of the Mint. Th£n it was decided that
some repairs should bo made, not to keep
out Maguire's friends, but to keep out the
rain.
In accordance with the usual forms ob
served in Washington, the repairs were
minutely described and the Superin
tendent directed to procure estimates for
the work and material.
Where the roof is cracked by contraction
or expansion copper strips will be put on.
The chimney tops will be repaired. Six
new galvanized iron ventilators will be
put on, and the ventilators now in posi
tion will be made to draw. Two of the
new ventilators will be placed over the
plumbers' shop and four over the attic of
the refining department. BroKen sky
lights will be mended by inserting new
glass. Everything needing paint will be
painted, except the Iroquois braves on the
payroll. They will paint themselves and
the town if occasion requires. The entire
copper roof will be painted with a double
coat of metallic paint. The flagpole is to
be painted, but it will only get one coat.
All of the brickwork, ironwork ana wood
work on top must, according to plans,
be denned, scraped and painted.
This work seemed necessary in order to
preserve the Federal property. It is
probable that Charles J. Koefoed will be
directed by the Treasury Department to
make ail the necessary repairs.
NORTH SIDE BOULEVARD.
-
Supervisors Have Agreed to
Greatly Improve Lombard
Street.
The Thoroughfare Will Soon Be ■
Widened and Bituminized.
Forsyth's Letter.
If the recommendation of the Street
Committee of the Board of Supervisors is
adopted by the full board the residents
north of Market street will soon have a
fine boulevard to correspond with the one
which will soon be begun on Folsom
street.
A communication was received from
Brigadier-General Forsytb of the Depart
ment of California yesterday and acted
upon by the committee. General Forsyth
called the attention of the Supervisors to
the fact that in 1889, through the efforts
and influence of General Miles, the Na
t'onal Government had been induced to
appropriate a large sum of money for the
construction of a roadway between the two
military posts of Fort Mason and the Pre
sidio. After consultation with the Super
visors Lombard street had been agreed
upon for the roadway, but before the au
thorities in Washington would authorize
the expenditure of money for the improve
ment of a public street in the City th^' re
quired, as a condition, that the City au
thorities agree to keep the roadway in
repair. This promise was made and the
street was macadamized", but it had never
been kept in repair. In conclusion Gen
eral Forsyth said:
"If the City desires a boulevard to con
nect Van Ness avenue witn the driveways of
the Presidio reservation, it could not well
select a better location than Lombard
street. It would, therefore, seem chat the
City authorities could not better serve the
community and at the same time keep the
City's pledges with the General Govern
ment than by making this street a boule
vard and putting it in thorough repair."
The letter was considered favorably and
: it was decided to recommend the reduction
I of the sidewalks and to advertise for bids
I on a contract, to remove the curbs and re
i construct the cesspools. The members of
! the committee agreed that after this work
i was done they wouid start the work of
! bituminizing the street.
CORINTHIANS INCORPORATE.
The Yacht Club Concludes to Change j
Its Organization.
Articles of incorporation of the Corin
thian Yacht Club have been tiled with the
County Clerk.
The object* of the new corporation, as
set forth in the articles, are to foster and
encourage yachting, to advance, promote
and improve the science of planning,
modeling and building yachts, and to pro
mote the efficiency of its members and
others in the science of navigation and the
art of handling and sailing yachts and
other vessels. There is no capital stock
and the directors are John W. Pew, Carl
Westorfeld, C. R. McKee. John 11. Keefe,
Charles It. Barrett, John V. O'Brien and
Alexander I. Young.
HEAL ESTATE TRANS ACTIONS.
! George W. and Mary S. Halght to Frederick and
Julia Schaefei-, Jot on N line of Green street, 125 E
Of Van Ness avenue, E2sby N 125: $10. '
George and Hattie J. Huston to Lillian K. Lillen
tbal and Carrie Van Vorsf . lot on N line of Valleio
street, 70 W of Gough, \V 30 by N 120; $10.
Albion W. starblri (by R. I. Whelan. sheriff) to
Sarah H. Webster, lot on S line of Golden Gate
avenue, 55 E of Buchanan street, ; E 27:6 by S
120; *6590. .
Gustavus G. Hurlbert to Frederick Hurlbert, lot
on N line of Geary street, 68:9 W of Baker. W
22:11 by N 82:6; girt. . -' -
M. W. Kaln (by R. I. Whelan, Sheriff) to Hiber
nia Savings and Loan , Society, lot on W line of
Sanchez street, 190 N of Sixteenth. W 63, .NE to
point 240:: .V3 Nof Sixteenth arid Sanchez streets,
s 50:31/2; aisoioton NW line of Market street.
573 Bw of Church, SW 25 by N W 100; also lot on
NW line of Market street, 113:8 KE of, Sanchez
NE 25 by NW 100; also lot on W line of Market
street. 648 B\V ox" Church, %W 26 &v NW 100*
$30,495.
Marie Wol tern to George Hay, lot on N line of
Duncan street, 152:8 W of Douglass, W 60:11 by
N 114. quitclaim deed; 91.
Sophie J. Gtltillan to Charles K. Rosenberg, lot
on E line of Miles street, 96:3 N of California, N 44
by 56: $10.
Joan N. G. Hunter to Mary Fagan, lot on NW
line of Jessie street, 155 NE of Sixth, NE 20 by
NW 75: *10. /-■'•■ ,
B. F. and Robert N. Laneland, E. C. Douglas and
Elizabeth Crownover to Mary ; Keady, lo an SI",
line of Mission street, 150 SW of Eighth, fc»W 25
by SK 80; $10. - : ..■-"•
; J. H. BmuninKS to same, same: $580.
Savtngß and Loan . fcocietv to Robert S. Moore,
Potrero Nuevo block 201. bounded by Carolina,
Center, Wisconsin and Eighth streets: *\OOO.
William A. and Addle s. Haynes to Charles Har
ris, lot on W line of sixth avenue, 200 S of Califor
nia street, 525 by W 120; $10. . •„->•.
James and I.avinia F. Garvln to Samuel F.
Weeks, lot on B line of Thirty-etghth avenue, 200
N of D street, N 100 by E 240; $1.- ■ , • .
Solomon and Dora Get to Bridget McEvoy. lot
on W line of Forty-first avenue, 260 S of O street,
St sby W 120; $10. . , . "
_ Christian H. Neuhans to Thomas Leach, lot 28,
block 23. Lakevlew; $10.
N. and Matilda G. Ohlatjdt to William M. Wade,
lot on W line of Seventh avenue South, 60 NW of
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
X street South, NW 60 by SW 100, block 141,
Central Park Homestead; grant.
W. H. and Kate Palmer to Walter R. Hoag, lot
on NE line of Sixteenth avenue, 200 SE of U
street, *X 100 by NE 200, block 314, Hunter
Tract: $10.
Walter R, Hoag to Joshua R. Rines, same; $10.
AI.AMK.HA COUNTY.
V.lo!in P. Rellay (and as his attorney), Mabel P. R.
Kellogg und Luella M. Reilay (by attorney) to
Caroline a. F. Meece, lot on S line of Thirtv-seeond
street, 490 B of Grove, E 60 by 8 140, block 2036,
Rowland Tract, quitclaim deed, Oakland; 31.
Paul Lohse to Mary J. Lotase, lot on N W corner of
Thirteenth and Harrison streets, N 50 by W 100,
lots 21 . 22 and S one-half of lot 23, block 193, Oak
land: $5.
Same to same, lot on W line of Webster street,
1153.-2V2 N of Fourteenth, N 64:6 by W 150, Oak
land : $5.
Nmhan Rosenberg to Joseph Rosenberg, lot 2,
block I), Wilcox place, subject to a mortgage for
$'J :00, Oakland; SlO.
J. 11. Kourkv to John T. Doyle, lots 1, 2 and 3,
block X, John Doyle Tract, Map 2, Oakland Town
ship; $10.
Same (trustee) to same, lots 1 and 2, block E,
lots 6 and 7, block J. and lot 4, block H, same
tract. Oakland Township; $10.
John T. Doyle and J. H. Rourke (trus ees) to
Catherine Kourke, lots 1 and 2 block F, lots 6 and
7, block X, and lot 5, block I, same tract, < akland
Township; $10.
Same to same, lots 8 and 9, block J, lots 3 and 4,
•block B, ami lots 3 and 4, block U, same tract,
Oakland Township; $10.
Same to same, lot on NW corner of Fourth
stivt and boundary line of John Doyle Tract. E
200.71, S 84, W 300, N 67 to beginning, portion
of same tract, Oakland Township; $I'J.
same to Mary A. Arnold (wife ot Adam), lots]
and 2, hlock I. lots 7 und 8, block r>, and lots 1 and
j 2, block <;, same tract, Oakland Township; SlO.
i Same to Annie Wesiphul. lots 8 and 9, block X,
lots 3 and 4, block J, and lots 1 and 2, block 11,
same tract, Oakland Township; $10.
| Same io Frank Doyle, lots 1 and 2, block Jj lots
6, 6 and 7, block X, and lot 3, block 11, same tract,
Oakland Township; $10.
I Same to F.lizabeth M. Doyle, lots 8 and 9, block
K. and lots H, 4 and 5, block F, same tract, Oak
land Township; $10.
Same to Christina L. Doyle, lots 9 and 10. block
D; lots 3 and 4, block I, and- lot 6, block J, same
tract, Oakland Township; 510.
\V. F. and Nevada L. Rudolph to Central Ave
nue Railway Company (a corpor ation). lot on.N'W
corner of Twelfth and" Kirk ham streets,' N 110 by
\v 104, Oakland; $10.
Wells. FarcOite Co. to Mollie Hogeboom (wife of
S.), the W 30 feet of lot 20 and E 10 feet of lot 21,
Kno.x Park, Oakland: $10.
A. Miles and Wilhelniina Taylor to Charles R.
Yates. lots 1 and 2, block 2086, Rouiand Tract,
Oakland; SIO.OdO.
Mary *. Wriitht to Alice E. Hanson, lot on SW
line of East Seventeenth street, 150 NW of Six
teenth avenue, NW 100 by SWI4O, block 33, Clin
ton, Hast Oakland; $20.
Aaron H. powers Jr. and John G. button to
town of Berkeley, lot on X line of King street. 271
Sof Fairview avenue, s 30 by E 120. portion of
liegent-street Homestead A^s:»ciatlon, to be used
for public highway, Berkeley; $420.
Frederick W. Engelken (amiror, by guardian) to
R. C. Mati Isgly, undivided quarter of lot on N line
of San Antonio avenue, 100 W of Willow street, W
60 by N 150, lot 7, and X half of block U, lands
adjacent io Encinal, Alanu'da; $1200.
R C. BCattingiy to Harriet E. Parsons, all same,
Alameda: $10.
A dam and Bessie A. Swan to Alameda Building
and uma Association, N half of lot B, block 4,
Alameda Park Homtstcad, Alameda; $10.
Builder's Contract.
William Plckett with Otorce Eber, to erect a
three-story buiiiling on si line of Clay street, 137:6
Eof Jones; $5300.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
aigiit In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6BO Montgomery str»«t,
»n« Cl»y ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 I.nrkin street, open until 9:80 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth mod Mission streets, open
•mil 9 o'clock.
1618 Mission street, open uattl 9 o'clock.
lli Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NO'liCK liV BIKKTi>«S.
Jfc^Jp CALIFORNIA "TCOMMA NDERY i
u^-^ No. 1, Kni::lits 'Templar— Stated as-^EifflJ 5
Sembly. I HI- (FRIDAY) EVENING, Jan. EPA
vary 31, at 7:30 o'clock. ORDKROF THE »
TEMPLE. Membersofsistercommanderies ▼
and sojourning Sir Knights arc courteously in-
vited to attend. By order of
SIR MARTIN JONES, Commander.
Sir Hiram T. Graves, Recorder.
&O&* THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
I!*-*' of the stockliaidersof the B'nal B'rith Hall
Association will be held at the office of the associa-
tion, 121 Eddy st.. San Francisco. Cal., on the 12th
day of February, 1890, at 8 o'clock p. m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year and for the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
JACOB LEVISON. Secretary.
iJP§» THE REGULAR ANNUAL MEETING
l»-* ? of the stockholders of the National Ice
Company will be held at the office of the company,
327 Market street, San Francisco, Cal., on
WEDNESDAY, February 6. 189«. at 11 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a Board of Direc-
tors to serve for the ensuing year and for the trans-
action of such other business as may com before
the meeting. J. T. DONAH E. sec reta ry.
j SP.ECIA.I., NOTICES.
| [^^"^ntsTFR^Jc^S^EIISaiA^DT^GENXn
| &^>" Ine massage treatment. 17a Sixth st., rm. 1.
E£3p GRACIE HILL GIVES GENUINE Ma£
i "r-^ sage. 832 Mission St., room 6.
! jjjjrgp BAD TENANTS EJECTED lOR $4.
; a-*' Collections made, city or country. Pacltlo
j Collection Co., 415 Montgy St., room 6. Tel. 6580.
I IKS" MRS. WALLACE, 109 POWELL ST.,
' Cc***^ ' room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
I Efc^S* MRS. KOBE, 1035 MARKET ST\, ROOM
i »-«y 8, second Hoor; genuine massage treatment.
| SErgp miss paxton, manicuring and
i&^p^ chiropodist. 1020 Market, opp. Fifth, r. 12.
«JSs=* MISS HESTERN GIVES GENUINE
i*--*^ massage treatment. Room 9, 122 Post st. !
! R^s= CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
Chiropodic Institute, room 11, 806 Market.
frs3p~ "WINDOW 8 CLEANED AND FLOORS
«*~*^ scrubbed.- reasonable rates: payment for i
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI <£ CO.. 242 Sutter. |
jKjg- ROOMS WHITENED, $1 UP; PAPER-
ar-jy it: S3 90un. HIT!., Third, (-.or-jp Hartman.
MHIATIOXa \\ A> Jliu-Jtvt3l^J.E.
DANISH SECOND GIRL, WITH GOOD CITY
references, wants work. For particulars ad-
dress or telephone MISS PLUNK ETT, 424 Sutter.
SCANS I N A V I A GIRL, WITH BEST OF
O city references, wants cooking and general
housework. Address or telephone MISS PLUN-
KETT, 424 Batter st.
\{ IDDLE-AGED WOMAN wishes SITUA-
i'I tion in small family to do general housework:
good cook; no objection to country. Call or address
924 Washington st. . .
WELL-EDUCATED AND COMPETENT DAN-
i '» ish girl wishes situation as lady's maid and
seamstress, eh Id's nurse or second girl, call or
n.i m 1353 Fol&orn st.
] ) EXPECTABLE GIRL WISHES PLACE TO
It do general housework or cooking In a private
family ; 3 years' reference. Call 1418 Scott (rear).
bet. Bush and Pine. ■
ERMANGIRL, CANNOT SPEAK ENGLISH,
VJ to do general housework or upstairs work:
wages $16. 232 Minna st., bet. Third and Fourth.
ELDERLY WOMAN WISH PLACE TO DO
light housework; for elderly couple preferred.
Address Thirtieth st.. near Noe.
PAKI.SII: lady WISHES. SITUATION TO
0 do general housework and cooking: wages $15
to $20. Address S. L., box 86, Call Olllce.
\\T ANTED —TO GO OUT BY THE DAY,
»» dressmaking at very reduced rales- can cut
and fit well. Address L. M., box 7, this office.
\\: ANTED-SITUATION BY A FIRST-CLASS
'i waitress, and. second work: best city refer-
ences. Address L. V., box 8, this office.
-yOUNG GIRL WISHES PLACE TO DO GEN-
I era) housework or second work. Call or ad-
dress 3211 Geary st.,nr. Boyce...
/I ROWN GIRL, ATTENDING SCHOOL. WHO
VT understands housework, wishes room and
board for services outside of school hours. T., box
8, Call. ,
■\rOUNG LADY WISHES SITUATION IN HO-
X tel as cook or waitress; city or country. Call
160 Fourth st., room 20. -
IRL WANTS A POSITION FOR GENERAL
housework: wages $10 and sleep home. 104
McAllister st.
IDDLE-AGED woman WISHES GEN-
era! housework in small family. Apply 215
Fifteenth st. .- .■. '. .■-,-" ... ■ . . ..
A TTRACTIVE YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
xx lion on stage or travel with a company. Apply
in morning. Addiess W., box 9, Call OBice.
"p ELI ABLE YOUNG WOMAN WISHES A
-It situation to do unstairs work and sewing or
downstairs work and cooking. Address 142
Seventh st , room 29.
TITAN TED-BY first-class laundress,
• » » situation in privae family; : best of ; city refer-
ences. 648 Natoma st. • •
EX I • I ; I NCKD LADY WANTS A POSITION
as housekeeper; no objection to country. Ad-
dress 501 Post St.. room 20, second floor. .
Ami; khan WOULD like a jposi-
J\. tion as second girl in a respectable family. Call
or address 811 Geary st. ' ■' ';' '
OMAN WISHES SITUATION AT HOUSE-
work; good cook and laundress: no objection
to country. 8., 636 Castro st. : ;.:,■■
ANTED— BY GEKMAN WOMAN TO do
cooking In American family. Call 142 Eighth
St., near Howard. . . - , . . " . . . ■
r ECTABLE WIDOW .WITH 1 . CHILD
xv aged 7 years wishes position: good house-
keeper; city, or country preferred; references
given. Call or address MRS. A. D., 2840 Mission
St., city. ', ■.-■< .■" •. , .. -■:,■■■:..,... ■■: . . -;.-?
li^RBNOH GIRL, SPEAKING gENOI.ISH,
would like a situation to take care of children.
Address • MISS DELSOL, Norton , Tanning, Com-
pany, Tenth aw., South Sail Francisco, j -..-•■
l:si-( i.ass COOK; THOROUGHLY UN-
-L d erst mills French and German cooking. Apply
1236 Bush St., near Larkin. ~", ■ ', ■.; . -
WOMAN WA NTS .POSITION «.x TO PLAY
piano nights. Address Pianist, box 77, Call.
"VTEAT, YOUNG COLORED GIRL WANTS A
Xi housework place. Call 110 Geary st.
SITUATIONS WANTED-Continned.
• WANTED BY RESPECTABLE YOUNG
1 woman, situation to do housework In small
• family; no washing. Call at 1117 York St., bet.
■twenty-third and Twenty-fourth. - :
' UY YOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO DO PLAIN
cooking ; and ireneral housework. Call 499
1 ■ Ha 'g htBt -."Par t Fnimore. . -.\ : ..-,, :...- :.--.-. ..^
[ y OUNG GIRL JUST FROM „ GERMANY"
x. wants situation to do general housework. Ap-
' fly la Eureka st., near Seventeenth. ' ,
F YOUNG GIRLI)ESIREB SITUATION TO DO
' x general housework. Call 1917 Filbert st. ,
AT EAT YOUNG JAVANESE WOMAN, with
"V city references; good cook; wants a housework
■ place. Call lip Geary st.
THIRST-CLASS NOGRAPHER -: WILL
, x work afternoons, very cheap; good references.
■ Address 8., box 63, Call Office.
pENTLKMEN'H MENDING "NEATLY DONE
. VJ at room 22, 105 Stockton st. ...
LADY WOULD LIKE~POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper. 144 Fifth st., room 6.
IDDLK - AGED~ LADY. EXPERIENCED
i -^'J- housekeeper and good cook, desires situation:
best of reference. 224 Seventh st. .
1} V OAPABLE WOMAN AND DAUGHTER
-L» take full charge of a lodging-house. 27 Minnie
St.. room 3.
WANTED-FAMILY SEWING AND CHIL-
' » dren's dress ma $1 a day; or at home;
references. MRS. SHIELDS, 538 Ellis st. i
DR e ss m akkrT COULD FILL A *-e w MORE
Xj engagements by the day; children's clothes a
specialty. 317 Ellis st.
VRENCH LADY OF MIDDLE AGE WISHES
x situation as seamstress in family. Call bet. 10
and 2 o'clock, 1610 Mission s:.
\ y ANTED— POSITION BY AN. EDUCATED
' ' American girl to care for and teach children.
Call mornings at 709b Hyde st. ■
y OUNG WOMAN WANTSPLACEAS HOUSE-
x kreper: is a good cook. 28 Seventh St., r. 36.
by MIDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN AS
1' housekeeper for widower with children or an
old couple; city or country. Call or address 820
Treat aye., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second.
REFINED EDUCATED* ENGLISH GIRL DE-
sires a situation as housekeeper. Address D.
8., box 23, Call Office.
Gi i . WANTS A PLACE FOR housework.
857 y 3 Bryant st. . . .■, . . . . ■
SPANISH LADY WISHES POSITION AS
housekeeper for an ■ invalid or take charge of
lodging-house. Call 150 Fourth St., room 12.
. <*!'.!) I WILL PAY TO THE" PERSON WHO
, <J3U\J secures for widowed sister a position as
Janltresa in any public institution, or is capable of
, taking any responsible position, cashier, matron,
etc Address Bro., box S7. Call Office. . .
GOOD DRESSMAKER WOULD LIKE A PO-
sltion as maid or housekeeper In a family;
only lately from Now York City. B. M. , 1802.
' Polk st. •
pULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CKR-
i \J tiricate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology, music. J. E., care of
, Sherman. Clay <fc Co., cor. Sntter and Kearuy sts.
W INCHESTER HOUSE. 44 TH rRjT^fT.I^RT
TT Market; 200 rooms; 25c to «1 60 per night.;
1 $1 50 to $6 per week convenient and respectable;
iree bus to and from the ferry.
■yOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A POSITION
1 .-L as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 6.
i AT EAT, STRONG GERmXn GIRL WANTS
X\ situation as upstairs girl or In laundry. N. V.,
dill Office, box 108. . '
. SITUATIONS WA.\ XKiJ-aIAL,E.
PC. G. COOK'S^ioTr^PPLIKSTciKJK^rALL
. brarchPs:short notice. ;4<^eary. tel.Grant46.
L 1 NT «* CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb . st.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
pil INESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414 V a O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT OFFICE PRO-
vides best help. 314b Sutter st.; tel. Grant 30.
SITUATION WAN T E MILLWRIGHT;
mining machinery a spicialtv; best of refer-
'■ Address 8., box 3, Call Office.
yoUNG MAN, HONEST, WELL EDUCATED,
X well recommended, desires a place to work a
; few hours each day at very low wages. Address
W. E., box 104, Call.
W ANTED BY YOUNG MAN SITUATION ON
' ' private place to take care of horses, do garden-
• Ing. milking, etc. references. W. 8., box 103,
Call Office. -
WANTED— QUICK; POSITION BY SPECIAL
. *» writer on newspaper or magazine or as special
t I correspondent; references. CHARLES, 644 Wal-
, ler st., city. " • ■
JAPANESE MAN AND WIFE WANT POal-
; I tt tions in family. U., 1307 Larkin su
" THIRST-CLASS MEAT COOK WANTS SITUA-
' X 1 tion; fine broiler; sober and good hustler; ho-
tel; city or country. Address Cook, box 75, Call.
■ ELIABLt; YOUNG MA (18 YEARS) DE-
-1\» sires situation in grocery or general merchan-
-1 disc store in the country. Address W. R., box 16,
1 I this office.
ANISH COUPLE (MA N AND WIFE),
young, practical people, want situations in city
. or country. Address 12111 Bush st.
1 "LURST-CLASS" CUTTER AND FITTER
, J wishes a situation: good recommendations.
■ | Address Cutter, box 72, this office. ■
ANTED-SITUATION AS BOOKKEEPER,
etc., in plumbing-shop, or salesman plumbers'
, supply-house: long experience in this city: ref-
• er nee furnished. Address E. H. f box 48, Call
: Office. . . ■
ITUATION WANTED— TO MAKE HIMSELF
useful, act as nurse or wait on elderly gentle-
man: reasonable wages expected. Address \V\,
box 24, this office. .
yOUNG MAN WANTS .SITUATION TAKE
X can of horses, cow and garden In private fam-
ily; references given. M. J., box 9, this office.
yOUNO MAN. NORWEGIAN, WISHES PO-
-1 X sltion to in store as salesman or work of
. ' any kind; best of references. Address N.,liox 78,
, Call Office.
SWEDISH YOUNG MAN WANTS WORK AT
painting, whitening and paper-han?ing,or work
• abont place; willing to make himself userul; small
wages; good reference. Call or address F. E., 611
i Finest.
Elderly MAN WANTS SITUATION IN
-i pi Mite place; U good gardener: can take care
I of horses, milk, etc.; reference. Address A. B. t
box 6. Call Office. ' , ;
1 I>RINTER AND ALL-ROUND NEWSPAPER
X man desires employment whole or part of time;
: will live with employer; steady young man.
Printer, box 11, Call.
A ALE NURSE WANTS POSITION; AGE 40
, XTJ. years : references; 6Vi years' experience.
J. W. H., Call Office, Oakland.
• TIT ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN OF S3. SOBER
' » and of good habits, engineer 10 years' experl-
; ence, country preferred, farm or institution; en-
, tirely understands steam threshing and power ma-'
: chinery and pumps, windmills, etc.: good wood-
worker and blacksmith. - Address W. 8., box 161,
. Call Office.
1 yOUNG MAN OF GOOD HABITS
. X wishes position where he can learn the trade;
security, responsibility. Box IPS, call Office.
, "c ITUATION WANTED BY EXPERIENCED
( O man as cook in ho; el or restaurant; has hud ex-
perience In i lie pastry line; sober and steady;
1 short distance in country preferred. Address Cook,
. box 121, Call Office.
! WANTED— POSITION AS PRIVATE BECRE-
-1 "tary or companion to gentletran traveling,
• by young man. Address X., box 48. this office -
' €iQO(i EXPERIENCED EASTERN MAN
'. <jpOUl/. wants clerical position, 'cashier, coi-
. li ctor or otherwise; has money to loan empiover.
■ Address J.. box 23, this office. . ...
' PRACTICAL COOK WISHES WORK IN A
. X country, hotel or In city, to board bis wife and
, child in same place. Address B. H.. box 60, Call.
'" HONEST AND WILTING YOUNG MAN OF
! -I-X 26 wishes employment In business, wholesale,
i retailor manufacturing:- experienced; good refer-
- ences. F., box 9, Call Office. . . ■<■:■
."M A " V WANTS EMPLOYMENT WHERE
• ■ i '-*- work is not heavy ; some experience at nursing
• and store work; city reference. Address D., box
167, this office.
EN i BTIC WINE TRAVELER WHO HAS
excellent trade through the East - wants corre-
: spondeuce with reliable house. Traveler, box 75,
this office.
. mo EUROPE— A thorough, .competent
1 X and qualified nurse would take charge of 1 in-
valid person or act as valet de chambre; best, ref-
e rences given. Address Nurse, box S, this office.
I YOUNG CARPENTER WANTS SITUATION
x on ranch or to take charge of private city or
• country place or as watchman; moderate wages.
: Address A. A. H - box 18, Call Office.
"UT ANTED— BY A COMPETENT GROCERY,
" saddlery or hardware clerk, work of any kind;
; references Riven if required. Address F. H., box
142, Call Office. . - : l • •
• C ITUATION TO TAKE CARE OF PRIVATE
; KJ place, city or country, by steady man: can
; milk: drive. Address J. L.. box 142, Call Office. ,
SHOEMA KER a NTs SITUATION FOR RE-
>' pairing wiTk. Address A. 1... box 123. Call.
' ;.__ FKaiALK agIJP WA-NTKD. ■
GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSE-
work; wages $10. .; Apply 1609 Vallejo st.
WANTED-GOOD WOMAN COOK AND AS-
, "T sistant for an institution near city, or would
[ take mother and daughter; $60 per mouth, includ-
ing free washing; Protestant only. W. D. EWER
• <fc CO.. 626 Clay st. : '■ - .- -
I WANTED— GIRL TO CARE FOR
; tt children short distance in country, $16: all
expenses paid; see lady here. Apply to MISS
| r ' NK gH; 424 Sutter st. ■.•:■■■■■
WANTED— A GIRL, FOR SMALL
1 " family 'in country $25 : a second " girl : for
• Jewish family in city, $20; nurs? for Infant, $15;
■ cook for private family in Oakland, $25; a general
i housework girl for Son Rafael, $20; 20 house-
i work girls for places at $20 and $15. Apply MISS
.- PLUNKETT, 2 4 Sutter st. -: ' .-.-.--.■- : : . , : -
> -\V ANTED— 4. GOOD GERMAN COOKS; $:;5
. ' ' and $30. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
■ Sutter st. ... , • r. .:
. \\7 ANTED— HOTEL LAUNDRESSES, ' $20;
■ .-m German or Scandinavian laundress, 'private
■ family, $25; 3 German cooks. $25, $30 and $35: 3
nurses, $20 and $.'.">s French maid and oe unstress.
• $-.°: Pr.testant cook, no wash; short distance, $-J5;
2 boardlnc-houseiOJks, $30 and $40j res aarant
. wanress. $6 week, and a large number of girls to
nil situations in city and country. J. F. CRO-
. SETT&CO., 312 Sutter. _: ;
WANTED— Contlnned.
COO SMALL 'HOTEL, $30 : COOK, PRI VATE
family, $35; second girl, $25: nurse, $25 ; cook,
Alameda, $30: 12 housework girls, city and coun-
try, $20 and $25; 6 young girls assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. . :
KEFINED GERMAN SECOND GIRL, $25.
XV MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
W AITRESS, PRIVATE FAMILY, $25; GOOD
place. MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN LAUN-
VJ_ dress, $28, 3 In family; Protestant second girl,
$25. MISS CULLEN, 106 Stockton St.
COOK. Jewish - FAMILY, OAKLAND, $25.
MISS CULL.EN, 105 Stockton st. '■■■*.'.;.
TTOI7SEWORK GIRL, MOD $20; SCAN-
xx dlnavian h'.msegirl, near city, $20: housework
Rlrl for Berkeley. $20; 3 young housework girls,
small families, $12; and others. C. R. HANSEN
«fc CO., 110 Geary st.
COLORED UIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, COUN-
irVSLUS?! pftrty here: 2 °: 2in family. C. R.
HAKBEK A CO., 110 (ieary st.
WA ITRESS; COUNT RT HOTBL; $2 »- CB-
HANSKN A CO.. 110 Geary st.
MEAT IRISH > LIGHT-HOUSEWORK GIRL;
Gear' in family; 10 C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110
Geary st.
\\T ANTED-NORTH G ERM A N SECOND GIRL,
" with references, $25; second girl, $26; French
nurses. $15 arid $20; German cook, $30: French
housework girl. $25: French maid and seamstress,
»-^5. LEON ANDRE; 818 Stockton st.
pIRL FOR HOUSE ; MUST UNDER-
m g. ta H d^D!72TEm g g su O waBhing; wace3 20
GERMAN COOK, $30: GERMAN GIRL. $25;
*-> 4 housegirls, $25. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 stock-
ton st.
"VroUNG GIRL FOR 3-YEAR-OLD CHILD-
-i- sleep home; $7. 1620 Ellis st. • ':
a PPRKNTICE AT DRESSMAKING; PAID
-fJ- while learning. 1111 a Jackson st. '
yOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; NO
, x washing. call after 9 o'c ock 1618 Sutter st.
'OUNG GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF CHILD.
J- 2932 Jackson st.
GOO D GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK
r and cooking. ■ After 9, 706 Battery, cor. Pacific.
W ANTE I>— A YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
tt housework; for country. 1927 California st.
GIRL WANTED TO ASSIST IN GENERAL
housework. 737 McAllister st.
Of) YOUNG, BRIGHT SALESLADIES ON
j-i \f ary to take orders from house to house for
domestic articles; experience not necessary. U. S
Industrial Agency, 167 Crocker building.
ANTED— GERMAN OK SWEDISH GIRL
TT for light housework; 3in family; wages $15.
29 Bartlett St., bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-sec-
oud. Call 9t012 a. m., Ito3 p. m.
"yOUNG GERMAN GIRL ASSIST GENERAL
, X housework; no washing. 813 Buchanan St.-
butcher-shop. - .
nEIIJiAN GIRL FOR COOKING AND GEN-
VJ eral housework: no washing. 604 McAllister.
GERMAN GIRL, MUST BE GOOD COOK,
VT assist in housework, wages $25. Apply 2061
Central aye., Alameda.
p IRLB TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK;
VT wages $20 and $25. Apply 872 Broadway,
Oakland, J. P. JOHNSON & CO.
T ADIES TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING.MANI-
cnrIng, beauty culture. BUTLER'S, 131 Post st.
ANTED — A WETNURSE FOR BELVl-
dere: Call 47 Post St., room 6, 1 to 3.
\y ANTED GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
TT work. Call after 10, 617 Fifteenth st. •
WANTED— LADY OF REFINEMENT FOR A
'» position of trust. Address box 52, Drugstore,
corner Eleventh st. and Railroad aye., South San
Francisco, Cal. .
T-JT\ YOUNG LADIES / IMMEDIATELY TO
*J\J learn millinery; spring trade: materials fur-
nished; terms reasonable; positions. 234 Taylor.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NE"aR
Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $160 per nisht; $1 60 10 $6 per
week : i >^e bus to and from the ferry.
U, r ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
TT term commences this mo. Room 61. 121 Post.
LAWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DREs>S-
cntt'.ng school. 1231 Market St., Pet. Bth and 9th.
RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE:
Winchester House. 44 Third st., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 i,O to $6 per
week: tree bus to and Jrom the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell' Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c tin: pupils wanted. . -
MALK Uiai' "WAMKD.
WA NTE i D-COOK TNrr\vrF^^oirAN~lNl
stltutlon near city; must both be cooks and
neat people; salary $60 and found, Including wash-
Ing. W. I). EWER & CO., 626 Clay sU
WAITED— NEAT WAITER FOR STEAM-
'" boat, $20 and found; young man as porter in
nice saloon. $25 per month, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
MAN TO ASSIST GARDENER AND MAKE
himself generally useful, *26 and found; city.
MISS CULLEN, 105 Stockton st. ■_
ANTED-BUTLER,S4O: FRENCH COUPLE
' » private place, country, $45; butler and wile as
cook, references required; French boy to learn
waiting, $12: first-class pastry cook, etc LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. . ■ - -
W 1 GARDENER, $25: SCOTCH OR
American man about place. $26; tlemaker;
bread and cake baker, $35, and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.  . - ,
TED— PAKTRY COOK, $9 A WEEK,
TT room, etc.; call early. MARTIN'S Employ-
ment Agency, 749 Market st.
1 A AAA REDWOOD TIES TO CUT; TOOLS
J.vf.l/V/V/ advanced; farmers, teamsters, cooks
etc. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay s:.
ECOaDCOOK.CoUjSTRV HOTEL, $45. el
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
\\ ' ANTED— EXPERIENCED SOLICITOR to
''sell patent window - platform;- weighs IB
pounds; holds 600 pounds; fits any window; ready
seller; good commission. Apply, 10 to 3, Friday
and Saturday, 625 Mission st.
W ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
"i cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues: suits; Superior and
Justice Court, ..../. , :
ANTED— A BOY. NOT LESS , THAN 15
years old, to loam a trade; must 'have me-
chanical talent. Address R.. box 8, Call Office.
ANTED— COMPETENT SOLICITOR FOR
TT a job printing office. Address J., box 3, Call
Office.
ANTED — CARPET - LAYER. INQUIRE
1632 Castro st.
1) ARBER WANTED. 627 SACRAMENTO ST.
AIT ANTED— A BRIGHT BOY. 152 EDDY ST.
p OOD BOOTBLACK WANTED AT 1048 Mo-
VJ : Ailisterst. , ...
PARTNEU WANTED IN NEW BARBER-
X shop: will sell half to a good man cheap. 131
O'Farrell st. .
X\r ANTED— BOY HAVING EXPERIENCE IN
• 'drugstore. Address Pharmacist, box 91, this
office. . ■.-.■■.- -•■
pKBMAN CLERK FOR LODGING-HOUSE
VT with city references. Lindell House, Sixth
and Howard sts. , -. ■ 7 . . i -»
BEST MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED; 8
X 3 courses, 10c, at .-eattlo Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
P A NER ANT ED— BUSINESS; 1N-
X side work; no night or Sunday work ; full lnves-
tigatlon. inquire Call Office. -.
TNDUBTRIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
X secure steady, profitable employment oy ad-
dressing J. H., box 90, this office..
BARBER'S COMBINATION CASE; MAGNIFI-
■Iy cent piece furniture; original cost $500; sell
for $175, or will al vide for 2 chairs. STOLTZ,
barber supplier, 631) Market st.
X>ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE— BUSI-
X> ness; running 4 chairs. Apply 507V^ Hayes sU
WANTED-FOUR COMMERCIAL TRAVEL-
ers to sell . all kinds of riding vehicles, scales,
; refrigerators and patented articles. 67 Chronicle
building. . • , , . . . .
AN TO take ORDERS for PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert st. . '
BARBER-SHOP: UPTOWN: SPLENDIDSHOW
J » for. steady, barber; cigars and laundry more
; than pays the rent. See : STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
ANTED-10 MEN WITH $100 FOR PER-
manent position in sawmill. 1121/ a Fourth st,,
room 7. i ■ ■ '
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
jlji 20c to 60c night: H to $4 week: open all night.
1 ( | A MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 6c; CLKAN
, XV/U towel to each and hay rum free; haircut
10c; first-class workmen. j 141/2 Montgomery aye.
B ER~'S~ OUTFIT; COMPLETE FOR 4
•-> chairs; combination case: all in oak; as good as
new; $250; or will divide into 2 chairs each, $250;
; call; this Is great bargain. STOLTZ, 630 Market.
CAA MEN To GET. A FINE KT^LISH, DU-
: U\J\J rable calf shoe to order, $2 50. 939 Howard.
W ANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
TT ers to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
NEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
Xi Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night. - -
BARBER TRADE TAUGHT. MALE AND
female, thorough in 8 weeks: catalogue mailed.
San Francisco Barber School, 1515 Howard st. . :. i
BA RBEKS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
retary Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S.FUCHS.
ANTED— GOOD HUSTLER-* TO CANVASS
» » city and couiury. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2293.;-' ■ V v . ■' t - .. -,
ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
JU^ secretary, P. C. Uamann, 2381/2 O'Farrell st. -
.ATEW ; G RAND, ; 246"" THIRD; :" 200 ~ SUNNY
XV rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
TpOR THE BEST AND , CLEANEST A L
X I try 13^ Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.' ; - -- ,>
ESTPLA'EIN CITY FOR BECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 1/ , opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
Sixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged. . .- •
VTEW ; AND : SECOND-HAND : SHOES FROM
XI 126 c up; men's half soles, 40c r 959 Howard su
HAT CHEER HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
TT st.: 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week; meals 10c.
HEIP WANTED- Con tinned. '
TI? ANTED— LAEOREBS AND MECHANICS
IT to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third »t.; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
Is the best. -C. KERTELL, San Mateo. . ■
IN CHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus to and from tbo ferry. : . fc-J
"1 |iA MEiN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, llic
I .l / and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
IN CIT if— SINGLE ROOMS. 13, 30 AND
25 cents per night; SI, 91 25, $1 50 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff gta.
WANTED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. S6 Clay st. :
AIT ANTED— MEN- TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
.''. steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st. .
\f EN'S 1/2-SOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
ItX while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I JAEBEIW PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
JJ went secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 637 Clay.
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay St.
",__Y<YMEN v SSECoNi>-H Ui.DSHOES.SOME
iUU nearly new. 25c to SI 25. 562 Mission st.
rnp.Y'ACME HOUSE, 957 MAirKET ST., BE-
-1 low Sixth, for a room : 25c a night: $1 a week.
TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOB RKPAIR-
»J ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery; 'nil repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 662 Mission St.. bet. First and second.
A GENT - WAN IE P.
COMETHING UN T I RELY NEW FOR
O agents: ladies and gentlemen can make from
$3 to $10 a day. Apply 11 to 5 p.m., 1129 Howard.
pALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
V.' wants Rood agents to work Its accident and
sick Insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
FURNITURE WANTED
CASH PRICE PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
COB SCHVVERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
-t\. second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 .Market St.: call or send postal.
Kou.u«j WANTED.
OR 4 NICELY FTjI^I^H^_r^LIGHT
housekeeping rooms wanted by middle-aged
lady; references exchanged: must be north of
Market st; rent about $18: permanent. Address
B. C, box 49, Call Office.
ANTED— BY COUPLE OUT ALL DAY, A
»' large sunny room; unfurnished; north of Mar-
ket st. Address North, box 77, Call Office.
1 BURNISHED ROOM WANTED BY QUIET
■ young man, within four blocks of Kearny st.;
private family; state terms. R. A., box 4, Call.
W ANTE I>-M AN EOUB.
W ANTED- Y^lt"wATCHr~li r iT~NEEDS
' » repairing: best worK at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., third floor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
'•■"' to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
LOST. ; . ■ ■ '
LOST-RED H^^E^~%VIirT^~STAir~ON
XJ forehead ; reward. Excelsior Saloon ; Mission
road. «
JANUARY 30 .18E6-STRAYIOD Fiiu.U L*.%«.-
O ton St., a brindle greyhound pup; liberal reward.
Return to -.'4O Langton st.
O&T-wN HYDE ST., NEAR CA. IFoRNIa,
wedding ring. Beturu liiuo California: reward.
T OBT ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting my sho?s made to order by
GEO. BRYANT for $5, 204 lurk St., near Jones.
MON V, BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
papered and painred by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging company. 635 McAllister st.
__■ FOUND. "
rpwo pigsT^an^CrTTBT^wn^r~pbov_
X property and pay damages. AUGUST FLOR-
ENTINE. 2403 Railroad aye., South S. F.
POUND- YOUNG BLACK-AND-TAN DOT
X Call at 16-0 Dolores. •
~ DENTISTS.
QET OF TP:ETirwrTTlOU^XpLA^r_r_ißTll!
0 G. YOUNG, 1811 Polk st.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, 85 up: 13 years'
experie co. R. L. WALsH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
1 .R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
D' K. L. T.CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS^
•crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL, ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J kef, bet. 3d and 4tb, gas specialists: onlyrell--
i able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
! Inn $3; fillings frm $1; extracting 6Cc. with gas $1.
CJ7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
tJP 1 good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMM—, :
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
DR. LUDLUM 'IIILi,, 1443 MARKET ST., i
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
GOLTON DENTAL -ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1200 MARKET, COR.GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
_L WORK REASON AND WAR-
ranted. DR. .1. W. KEY. 11258 Market st.
LOI)GIN»;.HOUSKS roil KALE. •
(> 6 AjnTTTRE A T BARGAIN —18 FINELY
nDOUVJ. furnished rooms: central; north of Mar-
ket; low rent; departure. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market st.
QOAA- ' CASH-
tIPOUU 12- room house. DECKER, 1206 Market.
HOT EL— 6O ROOMS. BAR, 50 BOARDERS:
payments. DECKER, 11:06 Market.
ffl»OOC 10-ROOM HOUSE; GOOD LOCATION;
«Jp— — .w. 18 rooms: best, corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st ; ... 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell 700
10-room house; very central. WO
H. C. DECKER," 1206 Market 3t.. cor Taylor. »
1 9A_. : *O-_tCH>M HOUSE. ■ NEAR THE
t!PI--UU. Baldwin. DECKER. 1206 Market.
aC\ ROOMS; FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000;
\)\f $2000 will buy I:. See DSCKEU, 1206 Market.
(J_7AA 44 ROOMs ;CIjEA lIS OVER $100 PER
<_> I \>\3 . month; trial giver 115 Second st.
99-ROOM HOUSE, V WE_L FURNISHED;
— i *- 1 fu.l steady roomers; -center of city; rent s 37;
party leaving city. Add. J. M., box 73, this office.
91 rooms: owner OBLIGED to leave
■&X no important business; any reasonable otter
will be accepted. Address Rooms, box 29, Call.
. KUKNiTiri:*: IOK sale.
oTijD^O^TK^AllAljE^oTDll^Bli^^
sale cheap. Inquire Hotel Langham.
E WILL MOVE FEBRUARY 1- —
Previous to m0v1... to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable offer refused.
Roxbury Brussels (1aid)..... 750
English Linoleum (laid).... 35c
SHIREK & SHIREK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KRASKY, FURNITURE "and BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, (9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
R" EDUCTIONS ON LARGE STOCK, NEW AND
second-hand: 400 carpeu. good as new oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, <45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, I>i4 60: cornice poles, 25c:
ranges, $6: cash or installments; goods shippei
free. T. H. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
CAUPEr CLEANING.
r\ a R_f_rfB~cX_lA^_rLr~A n^d^relxovat'ed
\J ilke new. FERGUSON & CO., 23 Tenth- t-1
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
JE. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
O . 14th st.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
piTY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: ml. south 228.
.TU ATI ON AL CARPET BEATING AND RESo'
i> vating Works HAMPTON -BAILLY- layiai
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero; Tel. Mission -44
W r HEN YOU. BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDING'S Pioneer Car-
ret -eating Works, 353-7 Tehama: tei. So-4a
pONKHNS CARPET BEATING WOUKJat 33J~
\J Golden Gate aye.: telephone. ease 126.
HORSES. ~~~~
1 UST ARRIVE D-Vs^O^D^WORITIIORSEs'
v-nM^RAn' " 1 H" d well broken . weiehlng from
kkStph Wf , esold ch<>a P- J. T. FOR-
Sixteenth!: ' Vale »c*a St., bet. Fifteenth and
TjiOß SALEOREXCHANGE-A FINE ROAD-
Civm W n.,,K rt J X? Üble ° r BitlSle: Can De seen at
604™_uer '«. Stable. For particulars apply at
150 nS l ' S n Fi - ANl> SECOND-HAND HAR-
BT^ur^r, 688 ' B h' klB<1s; wa ? 0D »- bugsries, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
TTOKSES PASTURED: «_ A MONTH; GOO"5
ro^.? ■£»£?;? feed : Bend f or circular. The Hrde
ranch, 630 Commercial st. ■ .
TAR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
xs teon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital. 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
4() HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON i
_| v buggies, carts, harness: Grand A read* Horm
Market, 827 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Waynes-
Cay. - SULLIVAN _: DOYLE, Auctioneers.
1 00 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
._ V«. kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, cart*; .
also 20 cheap horses. ' Vlfteentu and Valencia sts.
TVA_.U.>> A.n_> CAKKIAUE3. -
VVT ANTED-HORSE - AND LIGHT WAGOfIP:'
''state price. E. G. R., box 25. Call. '
':.':, -■:'. : - i -y' : : i PASTU^AGIi.--; ~
1 RT-TLAsTTA^fuRXGET PLENtT'w'aTER
I Xand feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
BUSINESS : CHANCE^. _^
OTTCe'^BARRETT~A SKIFF HAVK RE-
move "their real estate office to 921 Market
St.. opposite Mason, room 1. See our bargains,
n, 4 C\K BAKERY; FULL VALUE IN STOCK
tJh-_:__O. and fixtures: counter trade of $15 daily;
No. 1 location: living-rooms furnished; must sell.
BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market St. -
_!• 1 l\i \ BRANCH BAKERY AND CANDY-
•P lUy . store. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Mar-
ket gt. "" ' ■ : • . - ' .
_> IAA RESTAURANT: BAKERY CO.V-
3b4UU.'nected; best business street, north
Market; must sell : retiring from business. STKN-
BERG CO.. 632 Market.
_»OAA PARTNER LUNCH parlor; RE-
tb_.UU. ceipts $25; week's trial. STENBERO.
_: CO., 632 Market st.
AKERY. COFFEE PARLOR: VERY BEST
location; finest fltted-up place in city : has very
lar.e connterand outside trade: positive guarantee
from owner as to amount of business; trial until
satisfied: owner has 3 places; must sell one at sac-
rifice. STKNBERG &CO , 632 Markets.
4_£fWl CIGAR -STORE; NEAR MARKET;
fiDUUi'. receipts average $15: full value in
stock, fixtures; leaving city. STENBERG CO.,
632 Market st.
99? V BRANCH BAKERY, DELICATESEN
<'_.U. store: Western Addition; living-rooms;
new stock; suitable for man and wife. Si EN-
BERG & CO., 632 Market St.
<2t9/|A SNAP; RESTAURANT; MUST SELL
tjp_il >\J. at once; present owner 3 years; central
location: good trade: big business can be done
here. STANLEY. 9 Geary st., room '2.
fflj o r_ a a SNAP; PAKTNER WANTED im-
*l?*Jt)\J. mediately; light manufacturing busi-
ness; worth $800; duties light: short hours: Clean
$100 a month ea h: can be doubled. STANLEY,
9 Geary st., room 2.
ffiJ_;7C GROCERY -STORE — GOOD BUST-
«JD _: • U. ness; good location : goo'i stock; great
bargain. H. STANLEY, 9 Geary St., room 2.
1. na,vvulj AKK DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
' » ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us trial. JOHN REIUY & CO., 13*/2 Sixth st.
I? INE SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
X connection with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
furnished rooms; splendid location : must be sold;
owner going East. REIDY & CO., 13^_ Sixth St.
CjTAA FINE SALOON: BIG BARGAIN;
<;P-UU. owner sick: rent $10. REIDY. 13V 6th.
T>ARTN__B WANTED IN OLDBSTABUSH ED
X bakery: good for $150 month to each; capital
required $400. JOHNS'! ON, 26V 2 Kearny st.
HfcA^fl FINE PAYING SALOON AND LODG-
•jpUtJ"' Ing-bouse of 18' rooms, bath. etc. ; a sure
bargain. JOHNSTON, -«> _ Kearny St.
€;£{AA RESTAURANT; A BIG BARGAIN;
rir\)\J\J. one block north of Market; receipts
$35 to $40. JOHNSTON, 26y a Kearny s'.
\fOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
— promptly for cash. HEALY & CO.. 23Kearuy.
V I \i\ SPLENDID ROUTE; PARTNER
•i*x«JV/. needed to deliver goods a:nl d) collect-
Ing; clears $150 per month. HEALY, 23 Kearny 3 .
©O7K, COR. SALOON; NEAR TERMINUS
«Jpt> I O. of railroad: handsomely fitted up: doing
good business; call to-aay. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
O BUY. SELLO!: EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
of any kind see STRAND * CO., 45 Third st.
"ST77Tn PARTNER IN CORNER SALOON;
«")■_:» »U.. most central location; clears $100 per
month each. STKAND, 45 Third st.
JjjOOX SALOON MKN, ATTENTION —
ijp_j_j«J. Saloon, No. 1 location: pays well; cheap
rent. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
<J_»17;: GROCERY AND BAR. WITH 4
«£>__ I O. rooms: full value. STRAND, 45 Third.
GJ97 PL RESTAURANT: OPP. CARHOUSE;
«JP__ IV. pays well. STRAND, 45 Third St.
<HfQFin PARTNER IN RESTAURANT: CLEAR
iSOO\J. $75 month each. STRaND,4S Third st.
"PARTNER WANTED IN A FIRST-CLASS
X saloon, DECKER, 1206 Market st.
"^.-L^O ~-~_^4~sO"."— l^-"
«ID"±t>U. Saloon. DECKER, 1206 Market St.
"cfcl (\(\(\ corner grocery and bar"
•JIIUUU, with living-rooms, in Western Addi-
tion; rent. $25: owner kept place ten years. Par-
ticulars at 533 California St., Phoenix Bar.
RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION; WILL SELL
Xiat a sacrifice; investigate. LYNCH 935 BCarket.
Q A LOON; FIRS T-t. LA .\KAIt i>.-i _v i.n
Hotel good business. LYNCH.935 Market
C» I r^., I COK^ERCIGAU-SIORE; FINEFIX-
«Ip lul '. ture* and stock: no night or Sunday
work. App-y to PIERCE, 22 Kearny st.
C?9^A CORNER SALOON: FIRST-CLASS
t{p_-<JU. location; with livinc-rooms: rentsls;
actual value $600; partners want to separate. Jn-
qulre 533 California at., Phoenix Bar.
€» I SOn FOH AN ESTABLISHED PRODUCE
*iP XUW commission business; particulars and
reasons for selling on application. Address S. F.
C, box 61. Call Office.
\\ ANTED— A PARTNER IN A BUSINESS
• » that will pay $75 per week. Address S. 8.,
box GO, this office.
<£?OnA PARTNER FOR VARIETY THEA-
<TOV'\J. ter and bar. Inquire 633 California St.,
Phoenix Bar.
MORN PAPER ROUTETWESTERN A_^
__ dition. I Address F., box 78, this office.
GOOD SALOON FOR SALE: 772 HARR/SON
VJ st. See owner 427 Fourth.
(&9'>^_ BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
•—'—*-'« tionery .-.tore: 4 living-rooms: rent $18;
no agents. 341 V-_ Fifth st.
p ROCERY AND SALOON; GOOD LOCATION-
VX a bargain. . Call 332 Main st.
<BJ9^n FOR SALE-MILK ROUTE: 7 CANS;
ig)JuU\J. horse, wagon. Inquire Call Office.
O>QAAA PARTNER; DEALING WITH
<[pt-)v/V/U. t(inners>: money invested in busi-
ness; full investigation; will" clear s3soo overin-
vestment to each this season, and likely more.
' $-0,000 Stock security : business man preferred ;
money required to fill large orders- principals
only; no agents. Add. R. C. box 90, Call Office.
WIDOW OF MEANS DESIRES GENTLEMAN
___ partner in good paying business. 202% Turk.
STORE AND FIXTURES~FOR SA_eT~7OB
O Market St., near Kearny.
AKERY FOR SALE AT 2007 HYDE ST.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
0" LD ESTABLISHED LUNCH COUNTER,
restaurant and oyster parlors in unsurpassed
locality: for sale cheap, for cash; if taken immedi-
ately; account of selling, departure. Address H.
8., box 64, Call Office. •
Gl^nfl INTERIOR AGENCY OF THIS
fJPOO\J\J. paper for sale: $150 to $200 per
month, Inquire tills office.
fit in Aft SALOON NEAR THEATER, NORTH
<JDUtMJ. of Market st.: handsome place; select
stock; big trade; bargain. Business Exchange
873 2 Market st. .
BOARDING AND LODGING HOI
»(P_-UV». for sale: account of death; good bar-
gain; house full of boarders. Inquire 224 West
Market St.. Stockton, Cal.
BUSINESS MAN A\D WIFE, COMPETENT
in haking, making bread and cooking, can se-
cure an established trade toratriHiuu sum. Aoniv
at this office. y *
©7>V_ BUTCHER BUSINESS, SELLING 4
«Jp lul7. beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hogs, 500 pounds
veal a week; rent $14: 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
462 Tehama si., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
T odgingThouse and fruitstore :
XJ good opportunity forfamilv: large yard; year's
lease: price $200. 3129 Sixteenth st.
ffl» 1 X A PARTNER IN BIG PAYING BUSl-
<j>- L — 'V/. ness. Address Partner, box 57, Call.
GROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE: GOOD
VT reason for selling. 1552 Folsom st.
0" ESTABLISHED CIGAR-STAND FOR
sale; cheap. Apply at stand, 777 Market st.
ri HEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA-THB
\J .WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
L _ ited states or , Canada one year for SI 50. pest-
age free. • "
yOR^^yALE— MIa»CEL.J.,AN-.Ol)S.
TVT ARDROISE, LO U NO E, B-_£)81 KAl'. \\ ASH-
♦ ' stand, cheap; also boys' safety. $5; girls' tri-
cycle, $5; shotgun, Winchester rifle. 328 McAllister.
REcvISTAITT VINES — FRESH RIPARIA
Xii cuttings for sale. Address or call at 3bO Pine
St., room 40, San Francis • ■ ■
"LINK WALNUT HEAVY PLATED LA SS
■ showcases, tables and side cases. Ap.llB Sutler.
GOOD STRONG TWIN BABY - CARRIAG~E
* for Bale cheap. 386 Dolores st.
iXREsH DURHAM COW WITH YOUNG CALF;
X rich milk gentle. . 1312 Folgom si. . .. ■■
WANTED-TO PURCHASE SMALL coun-
' » ter and shelves for a cigar-store ; state price.
Address MRS. K. VAUGHN, 11 Mason st. -
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. STEAM PUMP,
small steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
£AA SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZES
• •'"V/'and ; prices from 25c per yard un J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
BUY YOUR BABY CARRIAGES _Tk"aT.
tan furniture at the factory and gave middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
MA RATTAN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
BABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNl-
ture: call and get our prices; costs nothing. -
S inset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell st., nea»
Stockton. . .  .*■: . . :
DAB OUTFITS. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS
X> scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
IRE AND BURGLAR SAFh, LETTER.
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay
0" NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
. fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
XTKW RANGES CHEAPER THAN; SECOND^
IV hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California si
O U TE R X BHELVING. SHOWCAS_3
<-/' bought and »old 112ly_ Market bet. 7th and
■ BICXCLES. . ~~ ~~~ ™
Wl-IJMOA BICYCJLSsV BT_aOT£T"H__t_l
" grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cone-
pAßK CYCLERY-NEVV WHEELS TO LET-"
X best accommodations. Terminus Gearr v*
AlU_terand Powell st. car line, r> M>
• to~Tlease. " :
t? 50 acres; improved; elm-
X hurst. Owner, 1178 East Fourteenth st., Oakland, noCSES to LET.
y/EG.VNTST Ny v HOUSE^BE .; SABOBKj
lirentg45 I__sl6McAUister.1 __sl6McAUister. '
1 i^^ni SANCHEZ, COR. AKMY-6 NICE
XU—Qa aunnyjooms-jent $g.
Q9 I- ENTY 8E( OND—6 NICE SUNNY
y^j T rooms and bat rent $13 50.
9 A MARY, NEAK FIFTH AND" MISSION-7
— lonis; double uarlors; rent $22 50. •
7 l >(h aumv-h./csk" f, ROOMS;, BaSK-
J_!l!l_ m i^lj-ard; rent »10_pcr_month.
H O ,^ F h 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENT RE-
xx^dnped '$18. isot Lexington aye.
QUNNY «-ROOM HOUSE: 103 VAN NESS
,T m ?S unitary plumbing: rent reasonable tore-
«3S Market ll^ at ' Apply EAST( & ELDRIDGK,
S Ht"i NY HO^'«E: 11 ROOMS AND BATH;
B Poi f&l Fell St - new Van Kess avt.
a- 1 . uia\ t.i\, 114 Montgomery st.
421 I>OWt - IIL ST.^IIOUSE OF 9 ROOMS.
2225 POST . BKT. SCOTT AND DKVIBA-
MrTiHI, , V ro i"* 1 " 1 ' 6 rooms; bath; basement:
garden, statiio. driveway.
TTAUBE OF. 6 ROOMS; RENT fie. ; 18 GAIU
Kryanu st " bet> :Sixth aDd Seventh, Harrison and
TTOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia SL - : rent $16. Apply i'S3B
-w 'SSiOn.
CA V ED-DO LLA 37 DIMES AND NICKETS
te^^S^! BALDWIN & HAM
FCKXISHED HOUSES. "~
TQTp9LXRK"Ixr NrT^OALIFORNIA-FUr"-
r l -*-"-— nished flat; 7 rooms: bath; cheap; call
•",("17 BAKER-HANDSOME HOUSE;
*J\f i will rent whole or part or board with tenant.
991 WEBSTER-SUNNY FLAT; LINEN"
— — i . 1 c'..iua: piar.o: bath: ?45.'
CO 1 TAPES to LET.
T* O'LKI-A new cottX»b: 5 "room?
latt iced : improvements. 1306 Sanchez St.. near
Twenty-sixth: cheap.
riOTTA«E; 5 P.OO.MS; RENT "siia 519
V' Minna st., above Sixth.
pCtTTAtJE; S~ItOOMS,-BATH, LARGE BAS&
jr : ii a il! i _ sl i! I^yil! lr iL?^_74- st,
CU-VNY COTTAGES OK 5 ROOMS; BATH;
0 large ■neat and yard. 15th and Dolores sts!
£1 1 50 hJIAUL COTTAGE. 3 TAY ST.,
X 1 ,<JV. near cor. Clay and Powell; : .
<'l ~\{) CHEAJ COTTAGE. 11 RUS.SELL
i^<J-*J\J. St., near cor. Hyde and Union.
m JONES-COTTAGE OF 5 BOOKS: BUTT?
ab;e for one or two -..-. lilies.
pOTTAGE; 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE CEL-
2r_J? r L_l- l _ Ce dar aye., oil Geary st., BearLagaua.
r^ IOTT AG I :S ROOM S^BAThTl S5ge~ 'YAKDi
V .-eilr.r. 2105 Waster st.. near Su ramento.
i'l.A'l'S TO LET.
99] fi^^y7^BKT7^liUßCS^ANli'^m>-
""""-*- lores— Flat of 5 lars-e rooms and bath- al-
most new; paved yard and walks: new ?as iix-
lures; in of 75 feet of ground: all feuceO in: rent
only Sl6.
1 OWEII CORNER FLAT-6 LARGE BOOMS:
J^bath: spring water. 33 Thirteenth, nr Howard.
<1 9 rLAT OK 6 ROOM« 1017 BRYANT"!
•. X— . between Eighth and Ninth.
V; D 1 iWKR FLAT : 3 BOOMS : YARD, ETC.;
C - 1024 Nineteenth.
) ( tO". HAVES — OVERLOOKING ALAMO
X \J\JxJ square: sunny- flat: 5 rooms and bath.
1 Ql J. UNION-SUNNY FLATS; 5 ROOMS;
XtJX-t bath: rent $14.
YEAR CITY HALL— 2 SUNNY FLATS: 5
X> and 6 rooms; $21. 825. 147 and 718 Grove 3t.
rLAI' OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY
X renovated; large stable in rear: cheap. 429
Grove st.
SUNNY BOOMS AND BATH. $20; ALSO
cottage 6 rooms, f 15. K. at 1706 Hyde. St.
Q] NICE SUNNY~UPPER FLAT: FOUR :
L<>. rooms and hah; everything iirst-ciiiss.
7i'o l -2 Ivy av.\. near Webster st.
91 t* HICKORY .NEAR FELL ST.— FIVE '
<iIU rooms: nice yard.
9O X FELL ST.— SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF I
— tj*J 9 rooms; chance for a good tenant.
La"'! 4 ROOMS, S10; NO CHILDREN. 924 !
Shotwell •:., bet. 23d and 24th.
2: RN FLATS," 5 ROOMS AND BATH; I
19CS McAllister st.; rent $17; k-v promises. |
7] 9 OCTAVIA. NR. MCALLISTER — ELE- I
'I — mot lower flat: 7 moms ; bath; modern im-
provements: brick basement.
In'IJIISSIOX, NX. ELEVENTH — 6
lulus Large, sunny, papered rooms: bath;
laundry.
"PLEASANT FLAT OF 5 ROO.M SAND BATH.
X 2519 Pine St., near Fill more; rent $18.
£. SUNNY ROOKS: $13. 120 VALPARAISO
«J s .. off Jones, near Filbert. j
Q> 1 Q BAY-WINI»OWFLAT:4 ROOMS. 1138
CIO. Scevenson st., near Market and Valencia.
OOO n FLATToF 6 ROOMS AND BATH. 119
'. —— ■ Willlaai st., near Post. : .
ROOMS AND BATH. 409 THIRTEENTH
0 st., above Valencia. .
FLAT OF SIX ROOMS. WITH 1M- 1
i provements and cellar. 1135Vj Pacific. [
Q-JQ NEW MODERN SUNNY FLATS, SIX
•„ I •*. rooms: ba.:h. 133 San Jose aye., near
Twenty-fourth.
V e\v bXy-wxndow flat OF five light
J-> rooms; $18: bath; gas; tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth. , - ■ ■ ■_
■PLAT TO LET— FOUR BOOMS AND BATH;
X rent f 18. IEO-4 Bush St.- :
1 COO CLAY, CORNER LARKIN— FLAT 9 j
xODO rooms and bath; rent 825. . * j
SI AN 3 ROOMS. 202 GROVE I
St., corner Van Ness aye. j
T TPPER FLATS : 6AN 177 ROOMS AND BATH ;
»- rent cheap. Corner Thirteenth and Folsom.
TTPPER FLAT OF 4 ROOMS. 931 '■% SILVER
U st., near Third. . '■- ___^
I^OUR ROOMS AND BATH, 304 LILY AYE.;
rent 1 15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
79£ MCALLISTER— SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS,
i— U laundry and bath; rent ?30. .' * .--...
COB. SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
rooms and bath. 1042 Folsom st. ■
UN NY FLAT; 4 ROOMS, BATH. 1706 POST
Btr- et. :
C.IQ NE. COR. POLK AND JACKSON— 4 j
•3> 1 ( ■. sunny rooms; bath. ■ - ■
991 CLINTON PARK, BET. GUERRERO
— -.•£ and Market— Upper sunny fl.-.t; 6 rooms'
and bath; rent cheap. ii. H. UMBSKN & CO.,
Agents.
ml NOE ST., BLOCK NORTH OF MAR-
J.ZO2 kec— 6 rooms; 3 bay-window corner flat;
rent reduced. ' 1
A * ODERN NEW SUNNY FLAT: LOW RENT:?
-IV rooms: bath and gard-n; top of hilL 923 Fell. ,
~Cy?ib £(\ NEW, ELEGANT, SUNNY MOD- j
_.>.») U. em bay-window nat: 5 rooms; bath. I
sl's Golden Gate aye, i
TTAND.SOME NEW FLAT OF 7 KOU.M-. 731
XX Fourteenth, between Market and Sanchez.
QUNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND |
0 bath; 3 bay-windows; key at 1553 Howard st. j
CAVE CAB FARE-BEST FLATS IN THE j
0 city: 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca- ,
tion; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and I
fcacramento sts. Apply 320 Sansome St., room 4. |
X fRY FINE FLAT; 7 ROOMS; LARGE \
> yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door, j
01 A-L FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY lower ;
-141 flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN [
Co.. 14 Montgomery sU - j
am 7-BOOM FLATS; CLOSETS. STOVES. ,
0-1.0. water, dumb waiter; all modern; at 956 j
I'nlon *t., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any 830 cottage In Oakland. To let
by KOENIG <fc KROLL. 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
— AVED— DOLLAHS, DIMES AND NICKELS {
b by renting a flat from. BALD A HAM- I
MOND 10 Montgomery at. ■
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THB
WEEKLY CALL. Id wraoi>er. for mailing.
" HOUSKKKKPXNU iluOMs.
Ltush Street.
/797 BUPH-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS:
t jLj I en snite and single: light housekeeping. •
91 -1 ft BU«H— NEWLY FURNISHED SUNNY
-.Jll) connecting rooms ior light housekeeping; j
also single. , • * j
ji-.tl<ly Street.
AT 7 EDDY— 2 FURNISHED OR PARTLY |
• ' X I furnished housekeeping rooms; . private !
family. | '__ j
~ Kills street.
' AQ ELLIS -SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM;
O\JO suitable for 2;' $7 a month.
Fifth Street.
991 FIFTH— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; COM-
J.Z.L plete :or housekeeping; also single; cheap.
I 'ill in ore Street.
'jiA FILLMORE, OFF HAIGHT-3 SUNNY
• .»] U housekeeping rooms; modern improve
ruents; rent $10. -_•
l'ulkiiin street.
Cl A FOLSOM— -IN. NY FKONT ROOM AND
1 lv kit-chen, completely furnished; no children.
& 9/TrOlJiOif, NEAK FODRTU— SI PER
l -"-V week; bunny furnished rooms. '■':-: '• ■_-
1 I 1 fTfolsom, cor. langton. BET.
f lJ| 7 th artd Htb— 3 unfurnished rooms; »10.
Fulton Street.
91 °, f'.;LTON-2 OR 3 ROOMS FURNISHED
~ complete for housekeeping: gas; bath.
Vieary Si eet.
"irij ] GEARY. OPP7"PARK-$l5; ALCOVE
. "; , C 8n "' and adjoining room, with porcelain
sink; ba-,h: 3 closets; partly furnished.
IQ] 7 CEAliy _ PARLOR, BEDROOM
.y* ' «iu!og-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
• bees; all rjtce«s.r*es ; $ 2*.
HOJPSKKEEPING ROOMS - Contlnned.
Golden Gate Avenue. . '
000 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— 4 SUNNY FUR-
-000 nished housekeepUig rooms and bath.
Greenwich Street.
71 C GREENWICH — APPARTMENTS FOR
i Itl housekeeping; 1,2 or 5 rooms, with kitchen.
k' -• ; Hermann .Street. -
9~ HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— OR 2
— O nicely furnished front rooms, with or without
kitchen; gas and bath. *" • ~
.Howard* Street*..
C 9 C HOWARD— OF ROOMS, FUR-
< >— < t pished complete for housekeeping: $9.
7J*U HOWARD-20R3 SUNNY FURNISHED
I 'tv rooms for housekeeping; private.
1 AC9 HOWARD-HOUbEKEEPING ROOMS;
XvcJ-j cheap; also single sunny rooms.
979^ HOWARD— 3. .SUNNY ROOMS FOR
_ I ~.0 housekeeping; furnished or unfurnished.
liycle street. r\
OAQ HYDE-HOUSEKEEPING. EN SUITE
O\)'J or single: sunny: terms reasonable.
Jessie Street. -
£»CA JESSIE— FLOOR 3 NICE ROOMS, UN-
Ot)U furnished; yard; cellar; ?12. ' ■*•
Kearny Street. •■^•-Vr..;
99Q KEARNY —TO LET FEB. I—s CON-
— _ >) necting rooms.' partly furnished, or 2 unfur-
nished ; suitable for doctor or offices. *
Lark in Street.
1 nOR LARKIN-NICELY FURNISHED OR
XUUO unfurnished sneny room; bath; gas. . ■•
Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET — PARLOR
floor, consisting of 3 elegantly furnished rooms
for housekeeping. .' . ♦
McAllister Street. .
0 4 1 MCALLISTER ST.-3 SUNNY UNFUR-
O~±^t nished rms: housekeeping; water; gas; Sl2.
Minna -Street.
P. 70 MINNA -LARGE FRONT ROOM, WITH
010 kitchen: yard; all complete; cheap. ■ .
O' lrarrel l Street.
C 9^l O'FARRELL — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
'J-Us nished rooms; also basement rooms; light
housekeeping.
Perry Street.
Q£Q PERRY-$l3; 4~UNFURNIBHED FINE
*-v>O large sunny rooms; also, in a rear house, 3,
nice nil light, sunny rooms: new house: cheap.
Scott Street.
2 SUNNY ROOMS PARTIALLY FURNISHED
for housekeeping. Apply 113 Scott st.
Seventh Street.
1 Qfi SEVENTH— 2 LARGE, NICELY FUR-
XOU nished front housekeeping rooms; yard;
reasonable. - .
m SEVENTH FURNISHED ROOMS,
XD I housekeeping, eingle, $8; 2 rooms, $10.
Sixth S;reet.
1 AQ SIXTH — HOUSEKEEPING AND FUR
lvO nished rooms; douole; single; SI 25 per
week up. . •
South Park.
I O SOUTH PA.RK-2 SUNNY WELL-FUR-
1U nished bay-window housekeeping rooms: $11.
Third Street.
O(^9 THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
O'-'^i rooms, en suite or single: $10. 6.
Van >»e*s ATenue.
"1/JA/^VAN NESS — 2 ELEGANTLY FUR-
X ivU nished front and back suites; honsekping.
O9A VAN NESS A YE.-FURNISHED ROOMS
<->^" for housekeeping: corner house.
BOOSIS- TO LEX.
Bush street. ~^~
Cf\Q BUSH— LARGE SUNNY ROOM; NICELY
WO furnished; $12.
QOA BITSH— SUNNY. FURNISHED ROOMS;
OO\J suites and single; also light housekeeping.
California Street.
9?:Q"1 CALIFORNIA -3 ELEGANT FUR-
~.U'Jx nisbed rooms and bath; cnoap.
tddy Street.
"I 9AA NEWLY FURNISHED SUITES
X —V.' and housekeeping rooms.
OA7 EDDY— LARGE FRONT ROOM; 6UIT-
O\J I able for 1 or 2 gentlemen: low rent.
C "I A EDDY— FRONT s"u~NNY ROOM; SINGLE;
*Jx\J gas and bath; reasonable; private family.
con eddy;— large room, furnished
*JO\J or unfurnished ; also housekeeping rooms;
cheap. 1 * "
Ellis Street.
pOYAL HOUSE, 128 ELLIS— HOUSE;
xli incandescent lights in every room; first-class
reading-room, containing all dally papers; open all
nighi; rooms per day 35c to $1 50; week, $2 to $8:
month. $8 to $30: tire escapes. .?-., ■■:.... ,
l.ighth street. : - ; .
1 At EIGHTH ST., NEAR MARKET - FUR-
I"3 nisbed, sunny front room. • -.- , •
HERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
st., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Elgin Park.
00 ELGIN. PARK, NEAR RIDLEY— LARGE
OU alcove sunny room: 3 closets; kitchen; run-
ning water and use of bath.
fifth Street.
01 A FIFTH— CLEAN INSIDE FURNISHED
OX*! room; closet; bath; private family; $3 mo.
Q9X FIFTH— FURNISHED ROOMS
O*jO $5 to $8 per month. ■
49Q1 FIFTH— ROOM AND KITCH-
en; furnished complete for housekeeping.
.Fourth Street.
A~l O FOURTH —F U R N ISH E D SUNNY
tlu housekeeping room; cheap. ■
Foltiom Street.
'I 1 FOLSOM— 2 OR 3 CONNECTING ROOMS
011 for housekeeping: furnished: bath; cheap.
<»7 A FOLSOM-2 JIOOMS, FURNISHED COM-
V I "± plete for housekeeping: $8.- '
.. Geary Street.
JOT GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
10l front alcove suite; suitable for couple.
Cl Q GEARY— NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OXO able for doctor's offices; single and en suite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; reasonable.
7'J9l GEARY— 2 LARGE UNFURNISHED
I O^2 rooms to let. .
OOAB GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
OZrU ny room ; suitable for gentleman.' . .
1 0.901 GKABY— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS.;
XUZUa 1 furnished hall room.
• . Grove Street.
If* GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
1U with or without use of kitchen; $11.
"I AX GROVE ST. — NICELY FURNISHED
IUJ large front rooms; $8, $9.
Henry Street.
C"] HENRY, CORNER NOE, BLOCK NORTH
Ox of Market— 2 rooms, with grate; $12.
Howard . Street.
r»9Q HOWARD — LARGE FRONT BOOM;
U/iO other rooms. "
71 1 HOWARD — NICELY : FURNISHED
111 single and double rooms for gentlemen; very
low rent. . . ■ ...
1 1 9Qa HOWARD — ELEGANTLY . FCR-
ll^iO nisbed room; large closet, bath; for one
person; 95 per month; in American family.
Ivy Avenue.
r> A A IVY AYE— LARGE FRONT BOOK, FUR-
OUi/ nisbed, for housekeeping; stove; running
water. . .
Jessie Street.
COO JESSIE—LARGE AND. SMALL SUNNY
OO £ rooms; cheap; gas, bath. - -
Jones Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE:' NEW
£\J I management: -elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to B3o.
ri 0 JONES-ROOM,. $6; ROOM, $12; SAME
t)lO as suite, $15. . '• . '.
~r l Q JONES— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
Oxv rooms; $B and 88. '■"■■■■ •' - ,
9. 1 JONES, NEAR GEARY-SUNNY PAR.
*j£ J lor suite; grate, bath, gas; reasonable.
, Kearny Street, v-
A BLI.NGTON HOUSE, 127 KEAP.NY— PLEAS-
IV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
In every respect: terms reasonable. ■.■■-..
Lark in Street.
-1 f\(\rr' FURNISHED , ROOMS IN
IUU I modern house; running water, etc. i '
TAT Ol LARKIN, NR. SUTTER— COR. BAY-
J.Ux«J2 window: others; sunny kitchen, vav
1 OAA PARKIN, OPP. LUBLINE BATHS—
J.ZUU Large sunny furnished front room, $8;
single, $5.' ' ' : - " -:■ -^ - -
LeaTenworth' street. '. .
IAI ft LEAVENWORTH — SUNNY PUR-
-1 V/ 11/ nished first or second floor; adults only. ,
j Market Street, j
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
til suites and si ngla: housekpg; also offices.
■yOKEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
I Sixth .< and .Seventh— Single and suites: ■- per
Bight, 350 to $1; week, $1 60 to $5: families. ; , --.
1.1.TD MARKET ST.— ELEGANTLY FUR-
II IO nished rooms: month, week or transient.
-I 1 99 MAItKET ""BT.~NICE"LY FURNISHED
JX— suites; also single rooms; $2 to $8 week.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET-Contiimed.
Marye Terrace.
I f> MARYE TERRACE, 424 TURK— SUNNY
XU single, also a double room; reasonable; bath.
Mission Street. ."•
! QOriMISS lON — HANDSOMELY FUR-
I v-u2 niBhtd sunny bay-window front room;
grate; gas. . • . *■ • , . . . ..
1 fi^ MISSION — NICE SUNNY BOOM:
x\J*JO grate; $3; also housekeeping rms., cheap.
GRAND SOUTHERN — COR. 7TH AND
VX Mission, reopened ; thoroughly renovated •.sunny-
front rooms; elegantly furnished ;slngle or en suite;
stationary washstauds and running . water in
every room: choicest location ; terms reasonable.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
1 94.1 MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMs;
- — "iJ- completely furnished; , housekeeping;
quiet family; reanonable.
Slonroo Street.
"I A MONROE, BET. STOCKTON. AND POWELL
x\J Bush and Pine— Cheap sunny room: bath.
I Ninth Street. . ;
9A NINTH, NEAR MARKET-FRONT BAY-
£-y* window; suite or single: for two gentlemen ;
also light housekeeping; grate; gas: cheap. "
O'JTarroli Street.
"1 99 O'FARRELL— SINGLE ROOM : NICELY
-*-■*-—' furnished for gentleman; conveniences:
central; $S.
P.9A O'FARRELL— NEATLY FURNISHED
Um*\J sunny front parlors: rent reasonable.
r owell Street. - '
"11Q POWELL— FLAT OF 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
HO rent $35; suitable for offices.
Sa.nsoLue.St reel.
4 MERICAN EXCHANGE HOTEL, 319 SAN-
x\. some— Light airy rooms, if 1 to $160 a week;
housekeeping rooms $2 a week up. , .
Seventh Street.
i OQ SEVENTH-FURNISHED front SUN-
LOO ny housekeeping rooms; low. .
Sixteenth Street.
9"1 A SIXTEENTH, NEAR HOWARD— FUR-
-li nistied parlor, bedroom and kitchen; nice
yard; rent $16.
Stevenson Street.
OA 9 STEVENSON. BET. SEVENTH AND
yj^-iJ Eighth— Furnished sunny front room for
lieht housekeeping; bath.
Stockton Street. -
909 1 STOCKTON, OPP. UNION SQUARE-
«-V/— <2 Changed hands; newly renovated and
pleasant sunny rooms; single or en suite; day,
week or month. . • ,- .
gutter Street.
111". SUTTER, NEAR POLK — 2 SINGLE
lilt) newly furnished, with or without board.
Taylor Street.
1A Q TAYLOR — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
11" rooms; newly furnished; sluzle or suite;
with hot water baths.
~TyV TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
ttXtt ny alcove room; for gentlemen.
: Third. Street- ..
WINCHESTER HOUBE-44 THIRD, NEAR
11 Market: most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 50 to $« per week;
electric lights in every room; reading r'm ; free bus.
Twenty-fourth Street. ".' I
1 TWENTY-FOURTH— LARGE FRONT
lO\.'iJ bay-window room ; use of kitchen. ■
Tan Ness Avenna.
7"1 A VAN NESS AYE. — 3 FURNISHED
• x\) housekeeping rooms; also sunny front suite.
1111 VAX NES3 AYE. — PLEASANTLY
Xx 1 X furnished front room : private family.
UNFUKNISHEI> EOOM .
l / j7 FIFTH— FI^EA^AyT^STnyBTY^TOyTO^
1"! nished rooms to let." __^
BUAUDISU AM) Ii<IO.H-i.
TTq^OLDEN^GATE" AVK^SUJ(i?y*FU&
HO nished rooms, suite or single, with board.
(\(\O BUSH, COR. STOCKTON (THE ORENO-
UUQ ble)— Newly and elaborately furnished rms;
single or en suite; board optional; terms reasonable.
QAO VAN NESS AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS,
tJ\J~i with board, suitable for '2 young men or
couple; also housekeeping rooms.
fLAO POWELL, COR. SUTTER— ELEGANTLY
OKJt-i furnished corner room for 2 ; also single rm.
719 post— S t NNY FRONT parlor^vith
I XZi board; «i.'s for 1 and $40 for 2. ,
HOTEL BKRTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; allmod-
ero conveniences. ' ■■■ •■-■•
CHILDKEN nOAKI)£O. ,
nTAKTJDD-1 OR '2 OHILDJtEN"^f cTboAIJdT
'» pleasant home. 1004 Harrison, corner Sixth.
WANTED— I OR MORK CHILDREN" TO
»> board; good home. 1505 Twenty-fourth st. •
\r~OV CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
X lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
Ean Jose aye. . ■
OO £> HOME FOR CHILDREN: TERMS
reasonable: best of reference. 1132 Shotwell.
STOKt-.S TO LET.
L"~AR^E^A^N~3 : 6^TrvinrY^)R^i^^
facturing business. Jessie st., near Seventh.
FINE LAKGE ROOM FIT FOR LIGHT MANU-
facturing purposes, with five large front win-
dows: 538 California st., second floor; cheap rent.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
Large] ~ell- lighted store; 8 liv-
ing-rooms; suitable drugstore or grocery; Van
Ness aye., one block from Market at. Apply
O'FARRELL & CO., 11 Montgomery st.
IpiNE WELL-LIGHTED STORE; 3 LIVING-
rooms; 406 Fourth st. MADISON & BURKE.
STORE, ROOMS "anTo^FIXTU RES TO LET.
Southeast cor. Broadway and Polk St.
I" USE CORNER GROCERY AND BAR TO LET;
cheap rent. Apply to J. F. PLUM.BE, .1402
Valencia st., cor. of 25th.
ARKET-ST. STORE; LOCATION THE
best; vacant from Feb. 1; rent reasonable.
Apply to P. C. MOLLOY, 138 Montgomery st.
OFFICES TO LEX. ~— —
"LiLEGANTLY FURNISHED PARbORS, SUIT-
Xj able for professional man ; occupied ten yeai^s
by dentist. 860 Market, cor. Stockton, flrst'floor.
LEG ANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL9
■J building, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
coarse for gas. janitor services or heating. Apply
at building or O. H. UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Mom;, at.
STABLES TO LET. '
PRIVATE STABLE, 6 STALLS. TO LET. COR.
X Juniper and Harrison sts.
MEDICAL.
lADIES, ■ ATTENTION — HAVe'a POSI-
XJ tive cure for female complaints; trial bottle
free: mail orders promptly attended to. Corona
Remedies, 917 Market St., offices 1 and 2.
BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE-
lief for monthly irregularities from any cause
by the most experienced ladles' physician in Cali-
fornia; latest method; superior to any; beware of
frauds; come direct to Woman's Dispensary. DR.
and MRS. DAVIES, 14 McAllister St.. uext Hi-
bernia Bank, and avoid blood poisoning or life
injury. French F. Pink Pills, $3. \
M~~ME. DE GIERS~MAGIO WONDER,. the
only true method In the world for restoring ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67: physician's consultation free. '
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
JtX. merits or worthless pills used: every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat.
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and nsed at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
VI RH. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
I»X the womb a specialty. 230 Clara St., nr. Fifth.
DR, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
"Jones. Diseases of women and children. \~
AW. ' FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE ■
stored in a few hours: safe' and sure relief at
anytime; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement: French pills guaranteed; consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES a specialty of
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing I a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients: best skill;
medical attendance; low fees; regulator, S l '.
1370 Market. .; - ': , fc . '
ADIES - DAUDET'S FEMALE begula
XJ ting Fills: strongest, safest, best: never fail ;
$1 per box. .WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis su,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
A; SURE CUKE FOR ALL : FEMALE US'
eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction euar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYEK. 226 Turk st. '*.
HOME, A FRIKND AND MOTHER'S CAKE.
MRS. PR. FUNK'S, 141 6 Eighth st., Alameda.
\/\ US. DR. WEtiENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
I*l confinement; irregularities' cur,ed in a few
hours without operation; pills 2. 419 Eddy St. * -
A LPEAU'S' FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with irregularities; no : danger: '
siife and «are; $2 60 express C. O. I).; don't dalay
nntU too late. : OSGOOD BROS., Oakland, Cat. :
IF LRREOULAR Oh, AN V FEMALE DISEABK
X see Mrs. Dr. Puetz und be content, i.'&4Va 4th.
A WEEK'S* NEWS FOR .: s\> CENTS— THK*
A. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailiug.
w "^^u~^£^lV^s?'?_ " ' -"' : : ' '•■•'''■''''
STORAGE OF FU RE, PIANOS, HOUSED
hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCK, 735 Market at.
WILSON ; BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
Storage : low rates : - telephone South 762. - " '."
BUILDING AN lOAIJ ASSOCIATION.
CONTI : NEN'i AL HI ILIHNO AND ]16aN Xs'
\J sociat ion— Home office, 222 ; JSausome St., 8:7,
General savings & loan business. £d S> Hill, Pros.; ■
Oliver £ldxidge V.l'r.; W Corblo, Sec.&Gen.ana 1
PERSONALS.
A S. tt-AM GOING TO HOSPITAL IST
-"-•* "■ '■ ■•.■.. *-■ ' ■ ' \- ■■ ■ * S. A. H.
A DVICK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE- \
cinlty; private:' no ebanre unless successful ; all !
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE,atty-at-law, 850 Market st
HENRY HUFSCIiMIDT, PLUMBEK AND i
gasfitter; , gas*.: fixtures lowest price. 623
Golden Gate aye.; telephone Sutter 471. »;-. . / .
ETHEL— REMEMBER MME. SPITZ' Halß-
dressing parlors; MB. LEDERER has them
now; dresses your hair swell for only 25c; sells
elegant switches for 75c.- MINNIE.
OMAN'S DISPENSARY OF .NEW YORTi;
. all modern Improvements In treating diseases; i
an infallible remedy for irregularities; superfluous '
hair removed without pain ;ladies give us a callxon- !
sul tatlon free jtestimoniais in office. 25 Murphy bldg '
BARCHING,LOCATING,SHADOWING.TRA- '
clng,collectinj;.GßAHAM'Sagncy,632Mrkt,r.B.~
1"I l\i\(\ BUSINESS CAMS, $1 60: rELE-
-IUUU phone "Black 141." HILL, Geary, r. 39
GEORGE- WHY DIDN'T YOU MEET
agreed? II ad my photo taken, bust cabinets, at
CRAMER'S, 402 Kearny St., northeast corner of
Pine, only $1 50 per dozen, too. NELLIE.'
OURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPEIT;
Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutler st.
1" GYPTIAN HENNA; $I;HAIR DYE; PKR-
J fcctly harmless; easily applied; till .',rar"ists
I.ANGLEY & MICHAELS CO., agents, S. F?
1 YEAF 7 (ESS— THE AUKAPHONE RESTORES
XJ lost hearing, cures ear defects: invisible; book
i mailed free. F. F. FIN LAY, 30 California St., S. F.
ffijl A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
<4P X floor. 206 < Leaven worth si.
NE MORE" CUT— ~~ '
Oak Roll Top Desks ...». .....$l4 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers...: .'.... From $10 up
Oak Bed Bets $17 sCup
Oilcloths and Linoleums : 30c up
Stoves and Ranges .$3 up I
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. • '■■. J. NOON.AN.
1017, 1019, 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS W"ELL AS NEW BARS,
. showcases, counters, sbelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 10 j3 Mission st., above -ixth.
■\,f RS. M. H. OB KB", HEAPQUARTKRS OF
i-'l- Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights i
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figu es. i
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jeunes Miller !
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco..
"L^OR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
-C STRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and I Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine st.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WlN-
chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 60 to ♦tipdr
week: tree bus to and from the ferry.
IBKILAIi ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
LD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc: cheap. Yard 1 66 Mission st., near Eighth.
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
mfr3' cost. ■ Factory. 20 Bansome St.. upstairs.
f\LD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND H.DIE3 1
\J clothing boueht. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
DRESSMAKERS ~~
"REUSES, AND UPr WRAPPERS," 350 UP.
50584 Nuioma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
SUITS, $8: BKXRTB, 75C; B] LX
work by the day. 599 Stevenson, near Seventh.
QTYLISH DRESSES MADE FROM $4 UP;
O perfect fit guaranteed. 621 Geary st.
REUSES CUT AN FITTED, $3: DRESSES,
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
tl> ti V AT MX AL.
L^cT^Ho7^o)K^uiT^FXs^C^T^rFHTs7r
Hi cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE IIOFF
SCHROEDKR, 299 Hyde St.; call after 1 p. m,
TU DENTS PREPARED FOR THE UNIVER-
sIty, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. •
p UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
XX lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUB. 39 Fifth.
Joseph" gbeven, VOICE improver. 82
O Ninth st. -
pEN EM AN WIT COLLEGIATE EDUCA-
VJT tion will give private lessons in English
branches, bookkeeping, mathematica and sciences;
California credentials and references. Address E., i
box 87, Call Office.
rnHE LEADING SHORTHAND COLLEGE;
X individual Instruction; four months' course.
Ayres 1 Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
EMEIiIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
'Hi limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic j
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sing-
Ing. 2300 Webster st., cor. of Washington.
S" PANISH AND FRENCH AC A DEM ; CAS- j
tillan and Parisian prol'essors: 8 lessons week, !
?3 month; also painting academy, flowers specialty,
it lessons week, ?3 month; translations. Spanish,'
French, English. 1170 Market st.. room 'M.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION " BOOKKEEP- I
X ing, shorthand, etc. Btlehl's College, 723 Market. J
BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
i-U St.— Board. English, French, pi no, dancing, |
f3O a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con- !
scientious parents to give children a superior educa- |
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt. !
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, me-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER AILLEN, 723 Mkt.
-\T IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET ■ |
V taught. Prof. L.MERKI. *J26 Geary reasonable
SPANISH, FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meistersehaft School Languages. 122 O'Farrell st
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. ' Write tor catalogue. • -~
\T SCII OOL-.UEALD'S BUM. COLLEGE
Xi Post : commercial, shorthand, English -. low ra'e*
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; ItEA-
sonable, PROF. FRANCIS. 1045y Valencia.
(CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNXNG-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 123»
Market: send for cat.; day and evening session.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
UnttPd;States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
age free. .
~~~ -; CJLAIKVOY ANTS. -
fti B. " BaTJMAN, THE " " RENOWNED
medium and card-reader. 132 Turk st.
ME. STEWART, CHILD MEDIUM; THE
greatest card reader and clairvoyant In the
world; seventh daughter of seventh ' daughter;
ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market , parlors 3 and 4. •
"L^UTURE REVEALED: HOROSCOPE, 60"c;
X send 10c; date of birth for planet, etc.: read- j
ings, 2rJc. PROFESSOR MONROE, 1129 Howard.
■\ ME. RAVENA 'SITS DAILY: SURE TIPS
J-'X on races: names given; 25c up. B\>B Howard.
PLAIRVOYANCY, PALMISTRY.
\J PROF. LEON, wonder of the age. h»s no equal:
valuable advice love, business, speculation; magic
charms. 533 Post St., 9to 8 daily; also Sunday. ■
r>EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
X> and gents; V!sc. 206 Fourth at.
ADAM POUTER, CARD-READER: TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies EOc, gents
$1: palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $1 60. ■ 126
Turk st., near Jones.  ■■• : \..«
\f ME. MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and fnture;2sc up.764 Howard st.
M ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC KEVEAL.
erby eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
resent, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing except ed; names given: good advice: sura
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake lm-
possible: fee $1; letter $2. t>29 Post st., nr. Larkln.
AUGU-TA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms. love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
feesl and upward. '2SJG Mission, nr. Twentieth.
SPIRITUALISM. ~~~
T ' ADIES' AID " SOCIETY'S LITERARY^ EN-"
XJ tertainment and dance to-night, 110 Hayes st.:
admission 10c. • . - ; ; > ; ■ . v
MRsTeLSIE REYNOLDS; MATERIALIZIICG
seance Friday evening, 50c. 832 Mission st. ':•'
R. ALICE TOBIAS, BUSINESS MEDIUM,
sits daily. 25c; cirTuesand Fri, 8 p. m. 124 6th.
M'~RB. MAY FOSTER . CASTS HOROSCOPES
by chart from cradle to grave. 73 Fourth st. » U
AD DIE SWAIN IS AT 227 GEARY ST.; TEL.
x\. 6771; ladies only: no fee. . -.
pETURNKD, MRS. .1. C.MEYER, TRANCE
Xt business medium; cir. Mon., Fr. 251-t Vi Sutter.
GY!\-,Y PALMIST— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days included), 25c. 946 Mission St.; hrs. 10 to 9."
RS. .T. J. WHITNE V, CLAIR VOYANT.
trance medium : ■ sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
HYPNOTISM.
Y?M?ri^M^rß^iE^rEiussr~T^ru^ri^^
■ Four . (4) - different methods taught >in four
weeks' time. A rare chance for physicians, stu-
dents of science or those interested in its therapeutic
effects, as by suggestion nearly all diseases can be
relieved if not cured.'. None taught but those fur-
nis:iing first-class reference or recommendations.*
Correspondence solicited. -Address J. WIST C-UM-
MINGS. Ph. G- box 121. Call Office. * ' ■
ATTOK.»fISYB-AT-I.AW.
"^DVIC^iFREE^IVoircIETAW^X^S^
■ A alty; private;- no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, 1 collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 860 Market.
T J. MUJIRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
• law: advice free. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
T\T W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAWr*2O
Ml « California St.. rms. 14-16: «dTic» free. ■-■ ■
'■>. ..-.."*..:. "• .'*•'• ,." PHYSICIANS. ■.'; ; ;.-j;. . ■ ; ; - ,;* : ..;'
R.X.D^L^Ucls^P^VsiCN-ftUR«EON,ROYAL
University Turin.ltaiy. Nucleus bldg,6bl Markt ,
ESIOViSD— DR. C. C O'DONNELL |TO 1208
li Market St.; diseases of women a specialty. '
CITY RJSAL, ESTATE.
HE. POEHLM AN & CO., 415 MONTGOMERY
CITY REAL ESTATE.
Richmond lots, oaah or installments.
Flats, houses and lots, all warts of city.
. ■ LIST YO OR PROPERTY WITH US. '
"PACIFIC HEIGHTS — NEW HOUSES ;ON
-L Goff st., near Broadway : contain 8 and 9 rooms,
with all the latest improvements; ; prices, ,$7500,
up; easy terms. •' Apply on premises. ■■■■•": * .'
T?RUITVALKTERMINALTRACT- D.PRATT,
JC Fruit vale station. THE MCCARTHY. CO., 646
Market. st., S. F. . :.. •- ■ . ... . ■ ■
Sit 1 (<(\{\ A BARGAIN-MUST "fiE SOLD AT
vPJ-"V/l/. Once: 4-room cottage; street work all
done; not far from the : end of Market St.: $1100
can remain in the bank at 6% per cent. Apply Ito
P. WARD, Renl Estate Agent, 1030 17th St., near
Market: or address A. A., box 166, this office. •■' ' i
"I? EC IT VALE TERMINAT TRACT — LOTS
X $150 up; easy saving terms. .. • .
'■■■• " ~~ - $ : ■ , \
$,fss
$?s*s*
A STACK OF DOLLARS
. MAY BE YOUR PROFIT
OS THIS ;.V.;.v.
............ BARGAIN.
■ A newly painted house of .5 rooms and bath, No.
3264. Central avenue,' a 1 tuned a, a ■ minutes from
narrow-gauge station; one block from the ■ elec-
tric cars; let 33:4x126:6; title perfect. •
: TAXES PAID! INSURANCE PAID!!
$1000 can remain on mortgage. It cost me
$2400. You can have it at a (sacrifice.
MAKE MEAN OFFISH.' W. MAYERHOFER,
1652 Verdi St., Ah meda. or 110 Market St., S F.
It»ruitvaTe TERMINAL TRACT— IN THE
' prettiest part of lovely, Fruit vale.
f\ N E LEFT OF THOSE ELEGANT COTTAGES
\J on Shotwell st., uear 17th; $3600; easy terms:
5. rooms: bath; gas; high basement; open, daily.
E. P. E. TROY, owner, 301 California st.
COME AND SEE !
GOOD LEVEL LOTS,
25x100 to IVO, •
IN BERKELEY.
ONLY $200 EACH. ONLY $1 WEEKLY.
■ :\ - BRIGHT PROSPECTS.
GOOD VIEWS, SOIL AND DRAINAGE.
Free maps ; free ride to property.
CUAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St.
Sj*-\ OX IF SOLD TO-DAY; THIS LOT :. IS
«jP±^c; worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash; title insurance; see owner at once.
9 Powell St., room 3. - :'• ■
©I WEEKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
«IP L $100— Lot 100x100;. $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 2axlOO: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly : macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
' CHAP. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley. • ..
fJIO BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
tate and business of every description. A. J.
PROPEK & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
iPOB SALE OR EXCHANGE FOR SAN
Francisco property a modern house of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No reasonable offer refused. Apply
28V g Zoe St., city. .
3 FLATS. 13 ROOMS and baths, BAY- WIN-'
dow, mantels.etc., built for $3200 : 5-room cottage
and bath. $1500. JAS McCONAHAY.II49 Mission
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
BJBAIi KSTATE.
OAKTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting.
- Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor,
£2 East Santa Clara St., San Jose, Cal.
JlOJiEi TO tOA>.
T OANS-FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
oJ city or country : furniture and pianos: business
strjctly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY. ETC
-' V col u in Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
O % ON FURNITURE WITHOUT REMOVAL;
-£ 6%.0n real estate. TRAVKRS, 632 Market, rm-6.
ANY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
«nL estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3. '
ORTGAGES, PUOBATE LOANS, WAR.
rants. SALOMON CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4.
ON FURNITURE OR PIANO BY PRIVATE
party ; low interest; strictly pri vau,. 215 Powell.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
i'J other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106 Market St.. nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
l I IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
XJ or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rm. 68, Donoboebulld'g. 1170 Market si.
IST <*•_■!> MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
! J-tates;lowegt rates;no delay .MURPHY', 62B
BORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WTTH-
ouI removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
j skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
: low Interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
J private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant avenue
ONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON, 303 Montgy.'st.
ONEY LOANED, 6% PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. A. F. JOHN fc> & CO., 632 Market st.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
■ XJ mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
I moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda any
i amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 126 KEARNY' StV'rOOM ~9^MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
' , PIANOS. VIOLINS, .ETC.
BARGAIN — $160 UPRIGHT^ WORTH §400.
SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
BARGAIN— NEARLY NEW ELEGANT UP-
right uiano: must sell. 1620 Eddy st. • " ■■ |
IN OUR BAIfGAJN-ROOM YOU WILL FIND
J- several fine squares from $40 up; an upright at
850: one at $75: an elegant large btnutiful one at
$168 85: others at $190, $245, etc.; 100 new
pianos to select from. THE J. DEWING COM-
PANY, warerooms. second floor, Flood building.
LARGE UPRIGHT OFF.ERED FOR $85 FOR
immediate sale. Room 21, Flood building.
AGNIFICENT CIUCKERIG PIANO; • ELE-
gantcase; cash or installments: owner leav-
ing city; must be sold. Room 10, Flood building.
IjUNESTEINWAY; NICE CONDITION; ANY
' reasonable offer secures it.'. Room 21, 809 Mm.
EVERAL BARGAINS IN PIANOS TO-DAY.
The Zeno Mauvals Music Compajiy, 769 Market. ■
lANO GIVKN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY no
charge.' I Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
AINES BROS. PIANO. PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gens' piano.
A. 1 . BANCROFT »fc CO., 324 Po3t st.
/^ONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW-
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, a3B Post st. ■ . y .:■
UPRIGHT piano, ORGAN," folding
J-V-be d: must be sold. L., box B,Call Office.
PIANOS- ~T~ ~~ . - , .-.
X ■••■ Hazelton, ' Hemme and Long, Erown and
Simpson; easy terms. .735 Market st. . . ■•■-•- -: •'.
/Shickering.knabe. STECK.VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O'Farrell. .
BEAT BARGAIN IN pianos, HORNUNG'S
VX Piano House, 216 Post st. : :
\\r M. G. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
■.»» rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
find organs sold for cash or installments.
8 ouR~NE\v~RENT CONTRACT. plan
for selling: pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of if please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY • & CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter ets. • ,- v r
(&I7C. CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«jp± I O. upright; perfect order. 1019 Vftn Ness.
ECKER BROS., STEINWAY.FISCHER AN
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. : KOHLEB &
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS;;LO\V prices, KOHLER &
CHASE. '■-.- -..■■--■ ■ ■ . '. -.--- ■', :- - ■■■:.'
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMER,
Newby & Evans, Briggs and other pianos. -
QUPERTOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD &NEW
0 H. MU LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham place."
TEINWAY, $215; WEBKR, $265; SOMER,
$237; = Wily, $125; squares, 's3s and $55.
HEINE, 410 Post st.
A RIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
J\ grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices . and terms moderate, h 11. LUEDEIiS, Hi
Ninth st.-. ; - . .
OPKN FOR BUSINESS.: - :» - •*■'■:
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sale
in San Francisco. J. HARRY' HCOTT,
; -.- . ' . 929 Market at.. Spreclcels building. '
y.,"'i-i*jß.oposA.i.s.'. v -"-. r_-,« :■.:■■ '
SEALED / PROPOSALS :■ FOU SUPPLJES---
Sealed proposals will be received at the office of
this Consulate-General of Italy, 606 Battery st.,
until February 4, 1896. at noon, for supplies for
the Italian man-of-war Cristoforo Colombo. . Speci-
fications can |be I seen at the said Consular office,
describing the nature of said supplies. --..; ' ', :
= San Francisco, Cal., Jan. 30. 1896.
:. F. B. GRIMALDI, Consul-General of Italy.
"VTOTIOE— NOTICE v IS -HEREBY. .GIVEN
Xi that I will on THURSDAY, February 6, 1896,
at 2 o'clock p. if.; at the Courthouse In Yuba City,
Sutler County, ; Cal., receive sealed '■ proposals for
the surrender of bonds issued on levee district No.
1 of Sutter County, according to an act of the
legislature approved April 9, 18S0, to the amount
of ten thousand ($10,000) dollars. :No bids above
par will be accepted. All bonds must accompany
the bids. .•■-,••-.; . , . ; . * L. J. COPE. 
Treasurer Sutter County, Cal.
Yuha City, January 22, 189b: ' : :
■: - , fin a jsojal;.-;". ■:•■■■" •'.■.';:.■'.-
-oa^T^n^Ts^a^d^d^iorTgXgelsTnd
Lite ■ insurance ' policies : - 1 low rate ,of ; interest;
bankbooks bought.- 33.0 Montgomery st. : '•■■_ • •
ANT SUM OF , MONEY. ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or ' real '■* estate; ■■: lowest ■
rate; call and state your proposition or writ*; op* a
evenings. . J. NOONAN, 1021 Uissioa fit. ' :.
COIiXTKY KEAL ESTATiJ.
FOR SALE "ON FAVORABLE TERMS— 4OO
acres grazing and ranch land containing seve-
ral ledges, one , partially developed; ore mills $8
per ton; subject to investigation: ownerlacks capi-
tal; title. U. S. patent. ■■ Address or call on J. H.
Clarksviiie, El Dorado County, Cal. -
W ANlliD-RANcH, 50 TO 80 ACRES, IN
T » foothills in or near Santa Clara Valley. E. G.
R., box 52, Call.
AXDOWKEES HAVING TRACTS OF LAND
for sale suitable for growing citrus fruits where
water can be obtained, state location, extent, price.
Address WOOD CO.. Portervll'e, Tulare County.
CJii AnTi REDUCED FROM 82000; ABOVE
tjpi-UUVJ.' Sacramento; 40 acres all Al level
land ; fenced, ploughed and under water-ditch : a few
large* oats: excellent surroundings. LEE &
KISKB. 306 Montgomery st. . :
99^0 10 ACRES, 21/2 ■ MILLS v FROM
-jZjO\J. Petalunia, V* mile from depot;, Al
level lsnd; new 4-room cottaae: barn; assorted
fruit trees; $600, balance on time. LEE &
KlijEß, 306 Montgomery st. .. ■ .- . - ' ■ • ' ■ ;
J TO SAC RK CHIC KKN BANUHE3 ON 10*
j: years' credit. . D. H. T\Vl.\<;. Sonoma City.Cau
C GRANGE BLOSSOM COLONY. ~~ '
' OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale.the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad onthe line between
StocKton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquiu Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and ilie property has a per-
petual water right. .
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property -is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
I different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares for the orange groves for non-
residents.
•A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. AH kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water riant
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable la
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress . . ■ .
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market Street. : v :.'
, san Francisco. CaL -
Or F. T. KNE WING, our representative,
-■ ■' ■" ' ■ Oakdale,Cal.
AKIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco. •
' Rancho de Novato.
I Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 nor acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
v Improved dairy farms for sale with rows. - .:'■;.!
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ; ■-
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-fa- WEEKLY CALL, In wrapper, for mailing. •
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 13R0ADWAV.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
QQAA HERE'S A OHAROE FOR^XIIOMET
tjDt/V/V'. a 7 -room cottage close to station and
short walk to business center; this is a snap. W.
E. BARNAND & SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
CORNER LOT FRONTING -ON A STREET
\J macadamized, sewered and sidewalked, 820 a
foot: good neighborhood. W. E. BARNAND &
SON, 458 Ninth st., Oakland. ■ ■  -
H EBB'S A KNAP, OWNER MUST SELL;
modern 5-room cottaee; large stable; lot
60\100; central location: Eighteenth st. near
Brush; pays Income of $300 per year: price only
$3000; cost $4000: this must be taken quick.
W. K. BAitKiHtD & SON, 468 Ninth st., Oakland.
ffl» Z.f\(\fl BUYS A 2-STORY HOUsE ON SUN-
.<tsO\J\J\J ny side of street; 8 large rooms; 3
mantels; lot 82x101; close to cars, churches and
schools and short walk to business centers. W. E.
BARNARD & SON, 458 Ninth St., Oakland.
I A RGB EX P ! • I :ss OFFICE FOR RENT;
J-J just the place for storage of furniture. See
E. E. BUNCK, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
(&IAA LOTS AT FRU IT V ALB STATION;
«£ J-UU. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
(JOn MONTHLY" FOR 6-UOOM COTTAUES:
«Jp^(V/ plans free. F. BOGGLE. Golden Gate wtatn.
•SI CA LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
W-l-O\J. Frnitvaie; electric cars; only $1 'down
and $1 a week: selling fast: good improvements.
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KBAL i STATE.
*2tl C\d DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 6-ROOM
*4P 1W modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150: price $3250. For
immediate sale Alameda Laud Company, 1500
Park St., Aiameda. -. • .■ , ■
AI, A2HEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
/COTTAGE, 7-ROOM: BATH: GAS.BTOVE~;
Vba ement; all modern conveniences; good
yard; choice location; near Morton station. J. S.
HANLEY, 1351 Pork st.
DELINQUENT SALE NOTICES
THE SAN jFRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIN
JL Valley Railway Company. Location of prin-
cipal place of business. City and Gtunty of San •
Francisco, State of California.
Notice— are delinquent upon the followiDgf-
described stock on account of assessment No. 4,
levied on the 10th day of December, 1895, the
several amounts set opposite the names of the
respective shareholders, as follows:
No. No.
. Cer. Sh'rs. Amt.
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James ' :
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Gnlgne, trustees 465 X «10
A. B. Spreckels. Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan, Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James ' ;
Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. . ■
Van Sicklen, Christian da
Gnigne, tru5tee5................. 445 2 20
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelan. Lovell
White. O. D. Baldwin, James .-»;U r ;
Cross, Thorna3 Brown, F. W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, tru5tee5.. .......... ....... 606 • : I 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James 'D. Phelan. Lovell
White, O. D. Baldwin, James
Cross, Thomas : Brown. F..W.
Van Sicklen, Christian de
Guigne, tru5tee5...'........ ...... 586 1 10
A. B. Spreckels, Daniel Meyer,
James D. Phelun. 1 Lovell ■•
White, O D. Baldwin, James
- Cross, Thomas Brown, F. W. .
Van Sicklen. Christian de
Guigne, trustees.....: ...608 1 10
And in accordance. with law and order of the
Board of Directors made on the 10th day of Decem-
ber, 1895, so many shares of each parcel of such
stock as may be necessary will be sold at public
auction at the office of said company, No. 321
Market St., In the City and County of San Fran-
dico, State of California, on the 26th day of Jan-
uary, 1896. at the hour of eleven (11) o'clock a. m.
of said day to pay said delinquent assessment
thereon, together with costs of advertising and
expenses of sale.
ALEXANDER MACKIE. Secretary.
Office, No. 321 Market st., ban Franciscan
POSTPONEMENT.
By order of the Board of Directors of said cor-
poration ' made ; and' entered upon the records
thereof upon the 'i Ist day of January, 1896, the
date of the I delinquency of said assessment wan
postponed until the 21st day of January, 1896, and
the date of sale of such delinquent stock was post-
poned until the 10th day of February, 1896, at
eleven (11) o'clock a. if. of said day. '■ ■:- •--,—-■
ALEXANDER MACKIE, Secretary.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamer*.
NKAV V ORK— Sailed Jan 30— Stm Carthagenian
for Glassow.
LONDON— Sailed Jan 30— Stmr Mobile, for New
York.
BUlLLY— Passed Jan 30— Stmr Massachusetts,
from New York, for London.
PKAWLE POlNT— Passed Jan 30— Stmr Per
sia, from New York, for Hambur?.
UIVOKCE PKOCISEDiNUS.
Complaints filed:
M. E. Chapman against Rose A. Chapman.
Sarah b\ Kotbrick against Willard X Rothrlck.
Helen Seiss against George Seiss.
Divorces granted :
William H. Dowse from Blanche Dowse, tor de-
sertion;' by Judge Hebbard.
Flora S. Clay from Horace T. Clay, for desertion;
by .indße Hebbard. Plaintiff allowed $60 counsel
fees and 430 a month alimony:
Lucy I. Gorman from James H. Gorman, for neg-
lect; by Judge Hunt.
Clara 1). Dammes from Ernsst J. D. Dammes,
for desert ion: by Judge eseawell. ,
Sarau Morgan from Joseph J. Morgan, for deser-
tion: by Judge Seawell.
BIRTHS—MARIIIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marrlase ana death notices sent by mail
will not- be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same publi&hed.J
BORN.
C'HARLTON'-In this city, January 29, IS9B, to
the wife of William R. Cbarlton, a son.
DONAH UK— ln Livwmore, January 25, 1896,
to .he wife of Kdwurd Donahue, a daughter.
UPSKY— In tills city, January 29, 1896, to the
wife of Alfred Lipsky, a daughter.
LT'KE-i— i n Alameda, January 29. 1896, to the
wife of Arthur W. Lukes, a daughter.
MORGAN— In this city, December 5, 1895, to the
wife of J. H. Morgaii, a daughter.
SCHPvOEDER-ln this city, Janoary 26.1896, to
the wife oi Claus ochroeder, a daughter.
VAIL— In Lorin, Cal., January 29, 1896, to the
: wife of K. G. Vail, a daughter.
WORMSER— In this city, January 30, 1896, to the
wife of Julius Wormser, a son. . . .
MARRIED.
BURNAM— ROBINSON— In this city. January 28,
1896. by the Rev. Dr. Dille', Thompson Burnam
of San Francisco and Annie Robinson of Stock-
ton, Cal. . . - ■ •
HINTMANN— CAMINETTI— In this city, Janu-
j ary -.'5, 1896, by the Rev. George D. B. Stewart,
Carl W. Hintmaun and Ida M. Caminetti, both
of San Francisco. ■ <MiH>|j»MrtyHn|ftlliiill>l|
KISK— GREENIELD— In this city, January 30,
1896. by the Rev. P. R. Farrand, Robert Risk of
•\ San Francisco, and Mrs. Eiedy A. Greenfield of
Napa. • • - ••-.. . .■
r ..':- i)iK». .
Afflerbach, Rev. C. H. Hammond, Arthur
>■ Anderson. Willie • Honendorf, Elvine
, Bazus, Celestine S - Hussey, Patrick J.
> Beals. Henry C. Jorcensen, Cecille
Coffey. Margaret . Kean, Thomas L.
Coyne, Mary Koch, Joseph
Cusick, Mrs. Sarah Lessen, Capt. Francis
Donohue, Patrick ■•• < McTlcue. Michael
Flanagan, Michael • Martin, Clem*ns C.
Gauch. Katie Morrisey, Michael ,
Gordon, Ada M. Tildeu, Marcellus C.
Grler, Esther Walsh, Mary C.
Wnite, Waller D.
AFFLERBACH— Near Campbell.- Cal.. January
; 23, 1596. at his residence, Rev, C. H. Afllerbach,
; a native of Germany, aged 68 year's and 5 days.
. J93~FrlendB and acquaintance* are respect-
, fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
; (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the German
; M. E. Church, Third street. San Jose,
i ANDERSON*— In this city. January 30, 1896. Wil-
I He, beloved son of Andrew and Lena Anderson,
a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year and '£
months.
BAZUS— In Lexington. January 27, 1898. Celes-
tine, wife of John Bazus, a native of France, aged
59 years.
BEALS— In this city, January SO, 1896, at the
residence of his daughter, 206 Broderick street. '
Henry Charming L;eals, a native of Canandaigua,
N. >' aged 79 years 4 months and 21 days. .
J9®"Nolice of funeral hereafter.
COFFEY— In Canterbury, Mass., January 27.lB96.
Margaret, beloved wife of the late Michael Coffey,
and mother of William J. Cofley of Boston and
John J. Coffey of San Francisco, a native of
County Roseoinmon, Ireland, aged 78 years.
COYNE— In this city, January 29. ■" 596, Mary
Coyne, a native of Ireland, aged 93 years and 5
months.
CUSlCK— lntnlsclty, January 30, 1836, Mrs.
Sarah Cusick (nee Leahy), a native of San Jose,
Cal., aged 27 years.
$3" Remains at the undertaking parlors of
McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
DONOHUE— In this city, January 29, 1896, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Mary Teresa Dotiohue,
father of John. Allie and Eugene Donohue,
Mrs. Neil Henry and Mrs. James McVanner, and
brother of Frauds Donobue, a native of County
Cavan, Ireland, aged 62 years 5 months and 25
■ days. . .
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 9:30 a. m., from his late resi-
dence, 72 West Mission street, thence to St.
■ Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem mass
■ will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ■ ' '
FLANAGAN— In this city, January 30. 1896,
Michael Flanagan, a native of the parish of Doni-
ery. County Galway, Ireland, aged 56 years.
jf3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his
late residence, 151 Perry street, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
GAUCH— In this city, January 28, 1896, Katie,
beloved wife of Adam Gauch, mother of Carrie
and Willie Gauch,' beloved, daughter of George
and Kate Hauser, ' and sister of Mrs. C. Young,
Mrs. H. Hunken and Annie, George, Henry and
Willie Hauser, a native of Ban Francisco, aged
31 years 4 months ami 4 days. '
£9"Friends and acquaintances are resoect-
■ fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. irom the resi-
dence of her parents, Railroad avenue, between
sixteenth and Seventeenth, South San Francisco.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
GORDON— In this city, January 29, 1896, at the
residence of her parents, 3 Everett street, Ada
Myrtle, beloved daughter of Joseph and Dinah
Gordon, a native of Mendocino County, Cal.,
' aged 12 years 7 months and IS days, f Mendo-
cino County (Cal.) papers please copy. J
. JKg~Friends and acquaintances are resoeet-
fuliy invited to att >nd the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 10:30 o'clock a. St., from the first
Baptist Church.. Eddy street, between Leaven-
worth and -.Jones. Interment Cypress Lawn
■ Cemetery, via Third and Townseud streets.
GRIER— In this city. January 30,. 1896, Esther,
beloved wife of Robert Grier, mother of Robert
' A. and William R. Grier, and sister of Elizabeth
Noyes of Fresno, Cal., a native of County Cay.m,
Ireland, aged 61 years. [ New York City and
Providence (R. I.) papers pleasscopy.] ',
JBS"i'riends and acquaintance? nr.> re3oect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
I (Saturday), at 2 o'clock r. m., irom her late resi-
dence, 1512 Sacramento street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HAMMOND— In this city, January 29, 1896,
Arthur, beloved husband of Alice Hammond,'
and father of Molly, CaßSie, Alice, Arthur and
Peter Hammond, a native of .Ireland, aged 70
years.
a^Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend tne funeral TO-MOKKOW
(Saturday), at 9:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
• residence. 5 Verona • place, oft* Third street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church lor services,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
HOHENDORF— In this city, January 30, 1896,
Elvlne, beloved wife of Henry Hohendorf, a na-
tive of Stettin, Pommern, Germany, aged 72
years and L mon hs.
US" Friends and acquaintances ara . respect-
fully invited "to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
February 3, at 2 o'clock p. m., from her late
residence, 26 Sherwood place, off Third street,
between Mission and Howard. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
HUSSEY— In this city, January 29, 1896. at his
residence. 1601V2 Turk street, Patrick J., hus-
band of Kittle Manning Jlussey, and father of
Mamie C. Hossey, a native of .Albany, N. Y.
[New York and Albany papers please copy.j .
j£ts~Friends are Invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Friday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from
his late residence, thence to Holy Cross Churc h.
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
9:30 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery
by 11:45 o'clock a. m. train from Valencia-street
station. Omit flowers.
JORGENSEN— In this city, January 29, 1896,
Cecilie, beloved wife of Jorgen Jorgensen, and
mother of Henry and Sophia Jorgensen, a native
of • Norborg. Schleswlg, Germany, aged 30 years
4 months and 8 days.
JOTFrfends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Friday), at
2 o'clock p. M., at her late residence, 722 Shot-
well street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery
by 3 :30 o'clock p. m. train from Twenty-flith ana
Valencia streets. , . ; .
KEAN— In this city. January 29, 1896,Th0mas L..
beloved husband of Mary J. K nn, father of
Henry A. Kean, and brother of John F. Kean,
a native of Glasgow, Scotland, aged 71 years and
14 days. :-...-•
AST Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 40 Clementina street. Interment I. O.
O. P. Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city, January 29, 1896, Joseph,
beloved husband of Julia Koch, and father of
Frederick, Jacob, William and Lena Koch and
Mrs. J. L. de Lancey, a native of Germany, aged I
63 years. r
jJES"Frienfls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
' (Friday), at 1 o'clock p. it. sharp, from his late
residence, 1327 Sanchez : street. . between Army
and Twenty-seventh. Interment National Cem- ■
etery, Presidio. '
LESSEN— In this city, . January 29. 1896, Captain
Francis Lessen, a native of Poland, aged 68
years.
t3~ Friends and members of the Polish Society
of California. are respectfulty Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Friday), at 9:30
o'clock a. m., from St. Joseph's Home, Park Hill,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at the
above hour. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. -
McTIGUE— In Oakland. January 30. 1896. Michael
McTlgue, brother of Mrs. Charles Peterson, Mrs.
Rllev and Stephen - McTieue, a native of New
York State, aged 41 years 2 months and 29 days.
ar^-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral 'THlS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from - the par-
lors of James Taylor, 464 Twelfth street, Oak-
land. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery.
MARTIN— In Oakland. January SO, 1896, Clem-
ens C. youngest son of Clemens B. and Elizabeth
Martin, a native of Oakland, aged 7 months and
7 days.
MORRISSEY— this city, January 30. 1896,
Michael, beloved husband of Bridget Morrissey,
a native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 65 years.
TILDEN— In this city. January 30, 1896, Marcel-
lus C. Tilden, father of Frank N., Laura M. and
Elizabeth J. Tilden,' a native of Ohio, aged 63 '
years 7 months ana 17 days. / >
WALSH— In Alameda, January 29, 1896, Mary
C, beloved wife of James C. Walsh, and mother
of Mrs. F. Reid and F. M., John ' and Harry
Walsh, a native of . Boston, Mass., aged 68 years.
Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAT
(Friday), at 9 :30 o'clock a. m., from her late resi-
dence, 3222 Encinal avenue, thence to. St.
Joseph's Church, where a mass will be celebrated .
for the repose of her soul. ■ 'Interment St: Mary's
Cemetery.
WHITE— In this city, January 30. 1896, Waller
D., beloved husband of Estaline Virginia White, '
a ; native . of . Massachusetts,' aged . 44 ■ years 6
months and 1 2 days. '.  ; : -.
1 UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLOUS. :
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
. " ■. . at Reasonable Rates. •
I Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. | .
i I MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRKCTOBS & EMBALM ÜB<*,
' 80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. :'■ : : . '
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNSANMATEO COUNTY: NON-SECT ARIAS j
X laid out on the lawn plan ; perpetual care; beau«
Ural, permanent and easy of access; 1 see It < before
tiyUig a burial place elsewhere. .
Citjr office, » City Hall A Yean*
1516
JOHN F. WOODS
IS ACCUSED
The Latest Phase of the:
Annie Parker Mystery
at Oakland.
WENT TO MEET THE MAN
Miss Parker's Brother Makes
Charges Against the Young
Woman's Employer.
THE STORE WAS GIVEN AWAY.
Woods Made a Present of His Dress.
making Establishment— What He
Says of the Case.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,>
908 Broadway, Jan. 30. \
The mystery of the disappearance of
Miss Annie Parker was greatly deepened
MISS FANNIE PARKER, WHO IS SUPPOSED TO HAVE BEEN MURDERED.
to-night when it became known that the !
young woman's brother and parents have
openly charged John F. Woods with be- :
ing responsible for her absence.
They have even claimed that he has i
dealt foully with her. Upon this theory '
the family and detectives have been work- !
ing for the past five days.
A. P. Parker, the brother of the missing !
girl, went to the cabin occupied by Woods
this afternoon and insisted on searching ,
the place and looking at Woods' private j
correspondence, but found nothing that
served to justify suspicion.
Nevertheless he coolly told Woods that j
he believed the latter would not get his
desert till hanged.
Many suspicions have developed, and
Woods has figured as a close friend and |
partner of the missing girl. Woods per
sistently says that the girl frequently
spoke of suicide and expressed a strong I
desire to die, and that he persuaded her
not to do so.
This statement of Woods is construed by
the Parker family to mean that Woods is
anxious to divert attention from his doings
for the purpose of throwing off any bus- j
picion that may be felt toward him.
John P. Woods is the last person that
Miss Parker went to meet, it is stated. On
the evening she disappeared she was to
have met him at 1169 Jefferson street,
where she had been conducting a dress
making store formerly owned by Woods, !
and, as he says, given to Miss Parker since '
Mrs. Woods went East some months ago.
The appointment was made for 7:30 p. m.,
and Miss Parker was to close up the deal
tjy which she was to become sole mistress
and owner oi Woods' dressmaking busi
ness. Miss Parker left her home at 7
o'clock to meet Woods.
Mr. Parker, the brother, believes that
the appointment was kept and that Woods
knows what transpired. Woods denies
that Miss Parker appeared at the store on
be evening that she disappeared, and says
that after waiting for a couple of hours
he went back to his cabin, near the head of
Lake Merritt, broken-hearted because she
was not there.
Whether Woods is telling the truth or
not will have to yet be proven, but one
thing is certain : after leaving her home at
7 o'clock Miss Parker was never seen by
any other acquaintance, so far as can be j
ascertained, and that she left home with
the intention of meeting Woods. Not a
particle of preparation for staying away
was made, and the relatives do not believe
that she has committed suicide.
John F. Woods is a well-known worker
at religious meetings and is a member of
the English Lutheran church. He was
the proprietor of a large dressmaking es
tablishment at 229 Twelfth street, and he
did a large and fashionable business, his
establishment being one of the most prom
inent in Oakland.
He employed Miss Parker for thirteen
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Latest U. Gov't Report
RqVfeJ Baking
' . ABSOLUTELY J PURE '
years, and for the past six years the latter
was forewoman of the business.
About a year ago Woods' wife went East,
partly because she could not put up with
his drinking habits. She is now with her
mother at Emmondstown, Md., and judg
ing from a letter received by Woods to
day 6be does not intend to return.
Woods lives in a shanty of very peculiar
construction at Athol avenue and East
Twenty-first street. It is a long, narrow
barn, beautifully furnished, and each of
the four rooms opens into the other in a
straight line. There are seme valuable
paintings and bric-a-brac, and the furni
ture is costly.
Between the rooms are some costly
hangings and an air of wealth is every
where apparent.
It is not easily found and is in the mid
dle of a collection of barns, of which it
looks like one from the road. No one
would dream that such a cosy dwelling-"
place could be amid such surroundings.
A long walk through the mud from
Fourth avenue brings the visitor to Woods'
cabin. When a Call man went there to
night he was received with a great show
of suspicion. Woods carefuily eyed his
visitor, and then threw off his coat and sat
down nervously. It was apparent at first
glance that he was laboring under creat
excitement. He could not at intervals
control his limbs, and he spoke incoher
ently at times. His demeanor was piti
able, and every few minutes he would re
turn to his story and continue intelli
gently. Suddenly he would put his hands
to his head, look around in a frightened
manner and exclaim:
"Oh, my God! Where is Annie? If she
is dead, I want to be with her."
Woods said he was completely crazed by
his grief at the disappearance of Annie,
and indeed his appearance and conversa
tion gave evidence of it. He is laboring
under some great excitement and it has
evidently crushed him.
During his conversation he produced a
letter received to-day from his wife and
asked his visitor to read it.
"I am so undone that I really have not
read it myself," said he as he fell back into
his chair.
"God knows, if I could, I would tell you
where she was. Annie was with us for
thirteen years, and was a good girl; much
better than any of her family. Oh, my
God, my God! where is Annie? lam so
worked up over her disappearance that I
cannot think or act. It is horrible ! My
head hurts me as I try to think of it. I
have worried so over the affair that I am
nearly crazed. That family of Annie's are
bad people.
'•My God, my God! Do you know that
Albert Parker came over that fence and
accused me of doing away with Annie.
He shook his hand in my face and said if
his father knew me I would not live long.
His sister then paid I had sent Annie off
and intended to follow her as soon as I
could get away.
"Oh, the horror of a sister making such
a charge against one of- her own blood.
Miss Emily then pointed to that oave out
in the yard and said: 'What is that for?
It is built for just such purposes, and no
doubt you have used it.'
"They did not go to it. but he ordered
ma to open all my private desks and boxes
and let him see that there were no letters
from Annie lying around. I felt it was an
insult, but to clear myself as much as I
could I obeyed the command.
"They overhauled everything, but
failed to find anything to satisfy them.
My head hurts me terribly. Oh! I wish I
could find Annie ! It was she who helped
my wife when she was so ill and did so
much for her. She was always so kind
and ready to help others.
"She would often say she could not see
why she had to live; there was nothing in
the world for her. I would remonstrate
with her and tell her she was young yet,
and some time in the future a home might
be offered to her; that when the time
came when she mieht want to live the
very worst kind and then God would take
her away. After my wife went East I felt
all broken up.
"We had been doing a big business,
sometimes as high as $1100 a month. I
did not care to continue it as I had, and so
gave it all to ncr; gave her a bill of sale
for it all. Her brother demanded of me
where she kept it, as a proof that I had
riven It to her, but I could not tell him. I
believe she carried it in her dress to keep
them from knowing she had it. I gave
her a copy of ''Lucille," and she then told
me she could not take it home with her as
the folks would make a fuss over it. After
she had gone I went down there and found
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JANUARY 31, 1896.
the book in the store, where she left it.
She had never taken it home.
"She could not make the business pay
and gave up in despair. She had engaged
C. W. Kinsey to auction the business off.
I was to meet her at 7:30 o'clock in her
store on Wednesday night. She left home,
they tell me, at 7 and has never been seen
since. I wandered about looking for her,
but she never came. Some of the family
were over here at 4 o'clock in the morning,
I was told, but I did not get here till 10
o'clock. Annie has my wife's watch, and
left it at home when she went away.
"They have it there now. I had no
money to pay her for the attention she
gave to my wife, and I gave her all I could
to repay her in part for her efforts. lam
an innocent man, and if you mean no
harm to her I hjpe you will nnd Annie.
"I believe she is dead, and still, when I
come to think of her taking the final step
I do not believe she had the courage to do
it. I fear she has met with foul play in
some manner. I have not the least idea
that Annie will ever be found alive.
"Sometimes when I had my cart at the
door my wife would tell me to take Annie
home. That is all she had ever been out
with me. If you find any trace of Annie
let me know and I will hitch np my team
and be after her, and it will not take me
long to bring her home."
At the close of the interview "Woods in
vited an inspection of his cabin. Three
rooms were inspected by the aid of a small
and poor light, but there was nothing to
indicate that any one had been in the
place besides its single occupant.
A. P. Parker said to-night that his sister
never had a lover. "This morning we re
ceived a description of a woman that had
been seen in Alameda," he said, "and I
went over there with an officer, but we
were soon convinced that it was not my
sister. That is the only clew we had."
Mr. Parker said that they had not the
faintest idea of where his sister might be,
if alive, but he was sure she had not com
mitted suicide.
Last evening at the regular monthly
covenant and midweek prayer-meeting of
the First Baptise Church Rev. C. H.
Hobart referred to the case in a very
touching way and asked the members of
the church to remember in prayer those
who were going through trials.
'You have no doubt all seen in the
papers," said he, "an account of the
mysterious disappearance of Miss Parker,
whose brother and sister are members of
our church. She left home a week ago
to-night, and no one knows anything
further of her whereabouts. God alone
knows why this trial and trouble has been
put upon them, and let us all'pray that it
will result in bringing all of them nearer
to the throne of erace."
It was learned to-day that when Miss
Parker left the house she did not take her
rings and other small pieces of jewelry
usually worn by her. She has several
hundred dollars on deposit in the Oakland
Bank of Savings and none of the money
has been touched. Woods fieured promi
nently in the big Mills revival meetings
for wnich the Tabernacle was built several
years ago, but since then he has been ad
dicted to drink. He and his wife fre
quently disagreed, and for weeks at a time
he would sleep in a barn. He is an Eng
lishman and is about 50 years old, although
he appears to be much younger.
Looked T.ik© Miss Parker.
The following letter from San Rafael re
lating to the mystery was received yes
terday :
San* Rafael, Jan. 30, 1896.
To Editor of Call— Dear Sir: In reading
your paper of Thursday, January 30, 1896, I
Bee the missing girl's description (Miss Par
ker). There called into my business place
last week a girl of the same description, wear
ir.p a brown striped dress, coat with large
sleeves and a sailor h»t trimmed with blue.
Also she took from her pocket her purse,
and from the purse took out a lady's gold
watch and offered it for sale, as she enid she
was short of funds.
If this answers to her description she must
be in Marin County, or, otherwise, she must
have gone by the way of Petaluma.
A Subscriber.
HONORING THOMAS PAINE
Interesting Exercises in Celebra
tion of the Author Hero's
Birth.
Some Rather Radical Speeches— The
Orthodox Churches Arraigned for
Iliiberalism.
The fourth annual celebration of the
birthday of Thcmas Paine by the San
Francisco Liberal Union was held at Scot
tish Hall last evening — celebrating the one
hundred and fifty-ninth anniversary.
The hall was crowded, a laree part of
the audience being women. The red,
white and blue was everywhere in evi
dence, anda large picture of the author
hero of the American Revolution occu
pied one side of the stage framed with
electric lamps of the three colors.
The programme was diversified and
entertaining, including fancy dancing,
songs and recitations, given by Mrs. Sully,
Miss Childs, Miss Coleman, Mrs. Tenney,
K. A. Kerr, Miss O'Brien and Miss Stone.
Addresses were made by President Bean,
C. Fannie Allyn, Professor C. Wright and
Dr. J. L. York touching the life and
character of Thomas Paine. Someofthem
were very radical. Professor Wright said
that "in the face of an audience like this
Dr. Brown's church was not in it."
He said liberalism was growing rapidly,
but it would take 200 years to wash from
the name of Thomas Wine the mud and
slush that had been cast at it by priests
and parsons.
Dr. York, father of the union, who pre
sides at Us Sunday night sessions in Scot
tish Hail, made the address of the evening.
He paid a beautiful tribute to the mem
ory of Paine, who he declared had done
more for human liberty, political and re
ligious, than any other Bince the creation
of the world. It, was he who first cried
out against human slavery. "Man," he
said, ''had no right of property in man."
That was the first stroke of the ax at
the root of the tree of slavery. Moses had
spoken face to face with God and brought
to the people of earth his written
commandments, but nowhere did he
utter a word against slavery. Jesus,
the Son of God, came and said many very
good things— but why did he not tell the
people that traffic in human beings, God's
alleged greatest work, was wrong? Tnen
came Paul— but the doctrine of all of them
was, 'Servants, be faithful to your masters.'
Surely this was an inspired doctrine—in
spired by the devil. 'Where liberty is
there is my country,' said Thomas Paine —
the expression of a heart and brain in
consonance, that spoke 100 years too early
for their own comfort, but not for the lis
tening generations."
The speaker said he had heard that a
monument was to be erected to the
memory of Thomas Paine in Golden Gate
Park. "Let it be raised," he said, "a little
higher than the hymn-book cross planted
there in honor of Drake, the pirate."
Speaking of the orthodoxy of the
churches, he said that the Church of
Rome was years in advance of Presby
terianism so far as liberalism was con
cerned, for if a human soul went wrong
under the auspices of the Catholic church
that cnurch had influence to bring it out
of torment. But if a soul slipped through
the fingers af Presbyterianism, it was
Good-by, John.
HYDE'S WORK TO
BE INVESTIGATED.
The Board of Education Is
Angry at His Insinu
ations.
SENSATIONAL CHARGES.
Superintendent Babcock's Ar
raignment of the Ex-
President.
THE KINGBBURYS' WARRANTS.
A Relative Who Was Told to Return
Money to the Treasury But Did
Not Do So.
As a result of the report of the late
Grand Jury on the present Board of Educa
tion, such a storm of indignation has been
raised among the officials now in office i
that the searchlight of investigation has
been turned in anotherdirection, and there
is every probability that P. A. Hyde, who
is accused of having instigated the report
that has stirred up all the feeling,
as well as some of his friends, will be
put on the rack to explain, if possible,
some peculiar transactions that have
recently come to the knowledge of the
School Directors and Superintendent
Babcock.
The late Grand Jury thought it had dis
covered that three employes of the School
Department — Department Superintendent
Babcock, now Superintendent, and Princi
pals Joseph O'Connor and Albert Lyser —
had drawn moneys from the treasury to
which they were not entitled, under the
guise of back salary, and in a communica
tion to the Board of Supervisors recom
mended f hat they be sued for the return of
the money, amounting to nearly $1000.
The Supervisors decided that if the alle
gations were true the proper course was in
criminal prosecution and referred the mat
ter to the present Graii'i Jury. Learning
of this action, trie accused officials who
could not see where such charges could
come from unless from ex-President Hyde,
at once look steps to have the investiga
tion of the most searching kind, and the
report of Director Clinton, which was sub
mitted to the board at its meeting on
Wednesday evening, contained many start
ling charges which, if true, will give the
Grand Jury material for thought if not de
cided action.
The one result of the charges was to force
Superintendent Babcock to make an ad
mission which has never been uttered, that
though he had been tohi that he was enti
tled to the back salary which had accrued
through tbe action of the former board in
reducing and then restoring his salary, he
had never drawn the ansount, but hadal
lowed it to remain in the treasury, thus
entirely disproving the assertion of the
former Grand Jury that he had taken
money to which he "had no right.
Embodied in Director Clinton's report
were also letters from the other accused
officials, and a copy of the report will
form a portion of the evidence to be laid
before the Grand Jury.
In Superintendent Babcock's letter,
which forms a part of the report, appears
the following paragraph :
Is it not significant that this report of the
Grand Jury makes no reference to the paying
of $1050 of salary to a school official in excess
of the amount fixed by statute and which ex
cess was paid at the instigation of Mr. Hyde?
The report says nothing of the making up of
back salaries by fixing salaries in advance, In
order to cover such back salaries. Of course
the Grand Jury did not know what questions
to ask to bring out some of the inwardness of
the management of the schools during the
years 1891-92-93-94: when Mr. Hyde was the
loard. The report contains no mention of the
means used to whip board members into line;
how could it since the members are not sup
posed to have kept track of these tilings as you
and I have?
The report contains no reference to any land
speculation that Mr. Hyde may have consum
mated with his colleagues, for the Grand Jury
is not supposed to know how to put the ques
tions that would lead up to 60 interesting a
matter.
Isn't it surprising that in so important a
body as the Grand Jury there should not be
some man who would instinctively size up a
Hyde who sneaks into the privacy'of their de
liberations, to, in some way or any way, with
ghoulish satisfaction, feast upon the charac
ters of honest men ? In conclusion, let me say
that San Francisco owes me $950 that was
kept from me In a way beside which the
methods ol a highwayman are not to be com
pared.
Another lead which the Grand Jury will
follow is contained in the answer of Prin
cipal Joseph O'Connor to the Grand Jury's
strictures; also a part of Director Clin
ton's report.
Mr. O'Connor refers to In article which
appeared in The Call of March 31, 1892,
relating to the discovery by a School Di
rector that Mr. Hyde had, without the
knowledge or consent of the other mem
bers of the board, authorized the drawing
of a warrant to Miss Susie Kingsbury, a
relative of his, for $240, claiming thnt it
was due for back salary. The investiga
tion into this matter led to the discovery
that another warrant for $190 had been
drawn and cashed by W. I). Kingsbury,
also a relative of Hyde's, on the same ex
cuse. It was ordered that W. D. Kings
bury should repay to the City $190 il
leeally drawn and the warrant held by
Miss Susie Kingsbury was canceled.
What the Grand Jury will be asked to
inquire into is why the male relative of
Hyde did not return the $li»0 as ordered.
The records of the treasurer's office show
that it was paid, but there is nothing to
show that the amount was returned.
The Grand Jury will also be asked to in
quire why in 1891-92, Hyde's first complete
fiscal year in the presidency of the board,
the cost of tuition per pupil was $26 49,
while in 1801-!tr> the cost per pupil was but
$20 08; why the Tough Old Board, as tne
board of 1883-84 was called, cared for and
taught 31,578 pupils at an average of
$25 25 per pupil, while the board of 1892-93,
of which Hyde was president, paid out
$34 66 per pupil for that year; why by
the actions of the board certain scnool
teachers were compelled to go into the
courts to obtain the salary due them,
and other pertinent questions suggested
by the report.
Superintendent Babcock said yesterday
that the Grand Jury had been urgently re
quested to sift the matter to the bottom,
and that the investigation would not end
with the present board, but would extend
back several years, covering the time when
Hyde was a member of the department.
Pleases the Customs Officials.
Speaking of Customs Inspector Harbinson's
reinstatement by Secretary Carlisle, Deputy
Collector Jerome explained yesterday that Col
lector Wise did not have Mr. Harbinson re
moved. The removal of Harbinson and twenty
four other customs officials was recommended
by the committee of special agents which came
hereto investigate the workings of the Cus
tom-house. Around the Federal buildings the
reinstatement of Harbinson gives a great deal
of satisfaction. So far, however, no official
communication has yet been received by the
Collector.
For stttto Development.
From all accounts the people of Oakland are
very enthusiastic in a desire for the general
improvement of the State and have entered
heartily into the plans and work of the State
Development Committee. This body has ap
pointed as members of the general committee
prominent men in every city and town in the
State. Those on the committee who represent
Oakland are: George L. Fish, ex-Mayor W. R.
Davis. W.H. Weiitoy, C. R. Yates, J?A. Rem
mel, I. W. \an Slcklen and G. W. Arper. Iv
order to arouse the general public a mass
meeting will be held this evening in Oakland
under the auspices of the Merchants' Associa
tion of Oakland and the State Development
Committee, with a view of taking up and carry
ing on the work of the committee with great
enthusiasm.
CRUELTY TO CHICKENS.
Judge Campbell Speaks Strongly in
Regard to the Clay-Street Market
Case.
The Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals put A. fodera and T. Katz on
the witness-stand in Judge Campbell's
court to testify about the cruelty to chick
era in the Clay-street market case.
Although both of the men belonged to
the defense they testified that the society
had not exaggerated the condition of the
chickens. Campbell declared tne case
showed the most cruelty to animals he had
ever known. Although the cruelty was not
denied the J udge decided to take the techni
cal point as to who was responsible for the
condition of the chickens under advisment
until Saturday. Katz testified that the birds
were in a good condition when they arrived
at Fourth and Townsend, which would place
the responsibility for their sufferings upon
the draymen who transported them to
Clay-street market.
A letter from Dr. John Manson, Towles
station, has been received by Secretary
Holbrook stating tbat chickens in horribfe
condition frequently pass over the Central
Pacific in carload lots.
Miss Lucy Anthony's Advent.
The working forces of the woman suffragists
will be augmented by Miss Lucy Anthony's
arrival the middle of next month. The lady
is a niece of Miss Susan B. Anthony and has
acted as private secretary and manager tor
Miss Anna H. Shaw for several years. She will
aid in the campaign in the capacity of coun
selor and director. Miss Shaw will be here in
March and Mrs. Clara Chapman Catt will fol
low somewhat later.
Dishonest Employes.
Henry Wetzler, cutter, and W. T. Baker,
clerk, in Brown Brothers' clothing warehouse
on Sansome street, appeared in Judge Joachim
sen's court yesterday morning to answer the
charge of stealing clothing from their employ
ers. Wetzler was charged with misdemeanor
embezzlement and Baker with petty larceny.
The Judgf , after hearing the evidence, sen
tenced Wetzler to six months in the Couuty
Jail and Baker to throe months.
CALLED IT "JOBBERY."
Harbor Commissioners Speak
Their Minds to Several
Contractors.
The Arrangement Being for the Suc
cessful Bidder to Share
the Spoils.
There was a talk about "jobbery" at the
usual meeting of the Harbor Commission
ers yesterday, and in consequence six dis
appointed contractors put on their hats
and took their departure. Secretary
Keegan stated before the second bid had
been opened that there was a sum of $500
figuring in the matter. The amount in
question was to come out of the pocket of
tne successful bidder, and was to be
divided between the five wno failed to get
the contract. When the bids had all been
opened and the offers compared, both Cole
and Chadbourne pronounced the whole
affair "a job," and rejected them all.
The trouble arose over the repairing of
the dolphins and piling between the differ
ent ferry slips. Chief Engineer Holmes
estimated that $2400 would be a liberal
allowance for the work, but the various
bias were all considerably above that sum.
They were as follows:
Cot ton Bros 92994
Thompson Bridge Company U994
Hpaly, Tlbbetts & Co 2988
Ja nes A.MoMabon "J984
Kan Francisco Bridge Company 2800
Darby Loydon <fe Co. 2775
The rive unsuccessful bidders sent in
certified checks for $150, but Leydon & Co.,
whose bid was the lowest, sent in one for
$200. As soon as the bids were read Colonel
Chadbourue looked at Commissioner Cole
and laughed. "Job," said Cole, and then
Chadbourne moved that all the bids be re
jected and that new ones be received next
Thursday. The motion was carried and
all the contractors retired, except Darby
Leydon, who was too disgusted to say
much. He insisted that if there was a
"job" he was not in it, and went over his
figures with Chief Engineer Holmes to
prove that his offer was a fair and legiti
mate one. His explanations and proof
did him no good, however, and he will
have to bid again next Tnursday.
Healy of Healy, Tibbits &, Co. and sev
eral of the other contractors entered a pro
test later on, but one and all were told to
"bid again."
"Just wait and see what next Tnursday
brings forth," said Commissioner Chad
bourne yesterday. "These contractors
know that any work we have to do costing
over $3000 must be advertised. They there
fore figured that our engineer's estimate
was less than that sum and manipulated
their bids accordingly. One ot the ring
told the secretary that there was $500 to
be divided among the unsuccessful bid
ders, but that at the last minute he had
dropped out."
Postmaster McCoppin's request came up
for consideration, and Commissioner
Chadbourne introduced a resolution that
places the State on record in the matter.
Just as soon as Uncle Sam is ready to in
augurate a delivery system by means of
the electric and cable cars the Commis
sioners will build a postal station. It will
only be a temporary affair, but will be
sufficient for all the needs of the depart
ment until the new ferry depot is erected.
During a short discussion on water-front
streets Commissioner Chadbourne grew
angry over the neglect of the City fathers.
"We are constantly blamed for the sins of
the Supervisors," said he. "'Masters of
ships go away from here and talk in every
port they go to of the terrible condition of
San Francisco's water-front streets. We
get all the blame and the City fathers
laugh in their sleeves. A couple of days
as<o I went out on a visit of inspection, and
I found the City streets — Spear, between
Harrison and Bryant, and Beale, between
Bryant and Brannan— in a deplorable con
dition. The mud and filth from those
places are carried on to the State wharves,
and it is impossible to keep them clean. I
move that the Supervisors and Superin
tendent of Streets Ashwortu be notified
and an urgent request made upon them to
effect some repairs to the streets named."
The motion was carried, and Secretary
Keegan was instructed to write the neces
sary letters.
During the recent heavy rains consider
able earth has been washed away from
the trees planted on East street. Chief
Wharfinger Root was instructed to have
mold placed around the roots and to have
the trees attended to.
President Colnon is at present in Sacra
mento attending to the signing of the
Bateman Bros.' warrant. He will see that
either the Attorney-General signs or re
jects the document, and as soon as he gets
back to San Francisco a meeting of the
board will be held to decide upon what' is
to be done. Should the warrant be re
jected then work on the new ferry depot
will be delayed until a decision can be ob
tained from the Supreme Court.
Acknowlodged by All.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA COS.
Teas, Coffees and Apices
Best and Cheapest. Try Them.
Prptty presents given away free.
62 Market at., S. ¥. Headquarters.
BRANCH STORES BVBBYWHERE.
SECOND BRIGADE
IS SURPRISED
An Order Mustering Out
and Retiring Many
Officers.
THE EVE OF ELECTION.
They Cannot Vote in the First
Infantry Regiment Con
test To-Night.
LIST OF RETIRED GUARDSMEN.
New Combinations for the Election of
Field Officers May Be Demanded
at Once.
This is a campaign of surprises for the
Second Brigade of the National Guard of
California. The order consolidating the
First, Second and Third regiments into
one regimental organization of twelve
companies was the first surprise; the elec
tion of William Macdonald colonel of the
reorganized First Infantry was the second
surprise, and the overwhelming third sur
prise cams yesterday when the officers
read order No. 2 from general headquar
ters, Sacramento.
This order musters out or places on tba
retired list a great number of commis
sioned officers who expected to participate
to-nigbt in the election for one lieutenant
colonel and three majors of the First In
fantry. The order also designates the of
ficers assigned to duty in this regiment.
Following is a list of the mustered-out
officers of the Second Brigade organiza
tions in San Francisco:
First Infantry— Frank P. Schafer, captain,
Company D; William K. Burdick, first lieuten
ant, Company D; J. A. Margo, captain and ad
jutant: S. L. Goldstein, first lieutenant and
commissary; E. G. Eisen, first lieutenant and
I. R. P. ; A. F. It am in, second lieutenant, Com
pany B.
Second Artillery— B. Macdonald, first lieu
tenant and battalion adjutant; R. P. Wieland,
first lieutentant and commissary ; James H. Jor
dan, captain, Battery D; H. W. Clark, Fecond
lieutenant, Battery D; VV. M. Masury, first
lieutenant, Battery F; Robert A. Cranston,
second lieutenant, Battery G; R. H. Browcr,
captain, Battery H; C. J. Wall, first lieutenant,
Battery H.
Third Infantry— S. J. O'Keefe, first lieutenant.
and battalion adjutant; J. G. Fitzgerald,
lieutenant and commissary; E. H. Steams,
first lieutenant and I. R. P.; T. C. Retbers,
major and surgeon; J. V. Tormey, captain and
assistant surgeon; Frank Fontaine, captain,
Company E; Thomas J. Mellotte, first lieuten
ant, Company E; B. Judgp, first lieutenant,
Company F.
The following-named supernumerary of
ficers created by the consolidations and re
organizations mentioned in general orders
Nos. 17 and 18, series of 1895, having served
I in the N. G. C. the statutory number of
i years, may, upon compliance with the re
• quirements of section 1973, Political Code,
be placed on the "retired list":
Hyman P. Bush, colonel. First Infantry.
I, B. Cook, major, First Infantry.
Charles Jansen, major, First Infantry.
W« I). Waters, major, Second Artillery.
J. C. O'Connor, colonel, Third Infantry.
James F. Smith, lieutenant-colonel, Third In
fantry.
Thomas Drady, major, Third Infantry.
P. M. Delaney, captain and adjutant, Third
Infantry.
E. 11. Kennedy, captain, Company B, Third
Infantry.
The officers assigned to duly in the First
Infantry other than those now in active
service are :
William Macdonald, colonel.
William D. McCarthy, major and surpeon.
P. J. H. Farreli, captain and assistant sun
geon.
Captain John F. Eggert, Lieutenant Henry
Curzons, Lieutenant Albert Adler, Lieutenant
E. J. Blunkall, Captain John F. Connolly,
Lieutenant George T. Balllnger, Captain Frank
W. Warren, Lieutenant H. C. Middleton, Lieu
tenant J. J. West, Captain Robert A. Marshall,
Lieutenant Eugene V. Sullivan, Lieutenant
Thomas J. McCreagh, Captain Edward Fitz
patrick, Lieutenant W. B. Robertson, Captain
Charles Boston, Lieutenant Herman Huber,
Lieutenant William H. Tobin, Captain J. A.
Miller, Lieutenant C. F. Seitz, Lieutenant F. A.
Kippert, Captain Thomas J. Cunningham,
Lieutenant E. D. Finley, Lieutenant C. W.
Seely, Captain Thomas O'Neil, Lieutenant E.
D. Carroll and Lieutenant C. J. Hogan.
The election in the consolidated First
Infantry will take place this evening at
the old Second Artillery armory, on Page
street. Major Dorn, judge advocate on
the staff of General Wartield, will preside.
Among the aspirants for the position of
lieutenant-colonel is Colonel Jerry O'Con
nor, who formerly led the Third Infantry
to glory when Colonel Tom Barry was not
on the field. Another candidate is the
eloquent Major Smith, gallant in action
and persuasive in discussion. The third
candidate is Captain Tilden of the nice,
clean "Nationals" otherwise known as
Companies C and G— the West Point of
the California National Guard.
Many officers who had been perplexed
to decide how they should vote have now
been relieved of all embarrassment by
general orders No. 2, which prevents
them from voting at all.
It is hard to tell what candidate will
get an advantage by reason of the whole
sale muster out and retirement. Com
binations formed yesterday may be
changed to-day. Before the sun goes
down this evening some active hustling
work wili have been done. And as for
swearing, the profanity of the "Army in
Flandeis" will be surpassed before noon.
There will be an election in the Fifth
Infantry of the Second Brigade at 426
Bush street this evening. One lieutenant
colonel and two majors will be chosen,
but the present officers will probably De
re-elected. Lieutenant - Colonel Hanson
of Genoral Warfield's staff will preside.
FACES OF ACTORS.
They Are of Great Interest to the
Physiognomists.
Actors and actresses' faces are of great
interest to the physiognomist. An actor's
art must of necessity involve tne stimula
tion of both the muscular and trophic
factors of expression. Not only has be to
emphasize the facial movements which
are appropriate to his part, in onler that
his expression may be plainly seen by the
pit and gallery, but he is as a rule obliged
to change his role frequently and to as
sume a succession of characters requiring
very different facial renderings. As a re
sult, all his expression muscles are exer
cised as thoroughly as are the body mus
cles of an athlete who is undergoing a
systematic course in a gymnasium
Hence, in a typical actojr's~fa.c.e, waen
seen at rest, no one group of expression
muscles outpulls the others, and, as a
consequence of this state of muscular bal
ance, there is about it a peculiar aspect
suggestive of a mask.
Moreover, this impassive and almost
wooden look is enhanced in many cases by
an even layer of subcutaneous fat, the
result, probably, of emotional stimulation
of a constantly varying character.
I am aware that many actors state that
they do not consciously experience the
emotions whicn they stimulate, but from
the very fact that they are able, without
taking thought, to adapt their voices,
gestures and expressions to the sentiments
they utter, it is clear that the organic
(sympathetic) nerves are moved if the
conscious ego is not, and, as we have seen,
that is all that is required to influence
trophic function, whether in the face or
elsewhere. Miss Ada Rehan, who was
kind enough to assist me in clearing up
this point, stated that, in rendering any
particular expression, she is quite uncon
scious of any deliberate effort of the will.
One consequence of the full exercise of
all the facial muscles and of the trophio
results of varying emotions is a remarka
ble interference with the time records
which are usually so visible on the human
face. In fact most actors maintain a
somewhat boyish aspect until late in life,
although the" suggestion of callow imma
turity is at times rather startlingly con
tradicted by the expression of the eye. In
ladies who adopt the stage as a profession
a true youthful appearance is, as a rule,
r=;;cii uetter maintained. Until the physi
ological principles which account for the
phenomenon are understood it must re
main a very puzzling fact that an actress'
life should be more favorable to the pres
ervation of gGod looks and even of girlish,
freshness than the life Jed by women who
occupy their natural sphere and who cul
tivate, as they think, all physical and
moral virtues.— Popular Science Monthly.
YAMAGATA'S DAUGHTER.
The New Japanese Consul, Fana
koshi, Is Here With a
Handsome Bride.
Much Interest in the Distinguished
Young Couple Who Are to Make
Their Home Here.
M. Fanakoshi, the newly appointed Ja
panese Vice-Consul to San Francisco, ar
rived here yesterday by the Rio Janeiro.
He Is a diplomat by education and blood.
His father was formerly a provincial Gov«
ernor of Japan, and now he is a member
of the Senate of the Mikado and also of
the Privy Council.
The son, who is the Japanese Vice-Con
sul here, has been educated for eight years
in the universities of Germany and France,
and he speaks German and French flu
ently, but not English.
He served almost two years as Vice-Con«
sul at Fusan, Korea, and afterward was
appointed to the same position at Vladivo*
stock, Russia.
The fortunate Japanese, moreover, who
is not over 30 years old. has just been mar
ried to the handsome daughter of the gal
land Field Marshal Ynmagata, who made
such a record in the recent war with
China.
The young diplomat and his bride are
now at the Occidental. The lady ia very
i amiable, and while having the character
istics of the ladies of her nation is unusu
ally attractive.
The young bride was the object of much
' attention on the voyage over. She waa
generally admired for her pleasant and
: modest ways.
Neither the Vice-Consul nor his bride
' speaks any English. It is the intention,
however, of botn to acquire the language
as rapidly as possible. Mr. Fanakoshi
likes San Francisco far better than Fusan
or Vladivostock, and his popular bride
shares the preference with him.
There was a good delegation from the
consulate here to greet Vice-Consul and
Mrs. Fanakoshi last night, among the
callers being the Consul, with attaches.
Tne Japanese of the City are much in
terested in the diplomat and his accom
i phshed bride, the daughter of the daunt
| less Field Marshal Yamagata, who was the
hero of so many victories in China.
C. H. Thornton Found.
I C. H. Thornton of Los Angeles, the young man
who was reported missing, is in Ukiah Asylum.
On Monday he was taken to the Receiving
Hospital, where he gave the name of Willie
Thornton, and that afternoon ho was removed
to the City and County Hospital. Next morn
ing he was returned to the Receiving Hospital,
as he showed signs of insanity. He was imme
diately taken before the Insanity Commission
ers and committed to Ukiah. The discovery was
made by Deputy County Clerk Daly from the
description given of him in the newspapers.
Daly has charge of the insane.
THE DOCTOR'S
EXAMINATION!
Do you reJt well at night and is your
sleep refreshing?
No, doctor.
When you get up in ; the morning you.
feel very tired?
Yes, doctor.
Do you have a dull headache or a sense
of weight across the brow?
Yes, doctor.
Are you at any time free from pains or
aches?
No, doctor.
Do you work hard— mentally or phyßi-
cally?
Yes, doctor — both.
Do you feel distressed and heavy after
eating? ■.
Yes, doctor.
Do you have bilious attacks?
Yes, doctor.
Are you losing flesh ?
Yes, doctor.
You are all run down. This condition i 3
due to hard work — little rest and mental
troubles. Your nervous system is shat-
tered, and not one of the organs of your
body performs its function properly. You
need a rest and a mild digestive stimulant.
You need something to regulate your iiver
and bowels. I will write a prescription
for you.
• R. For Mrs  :
; JOY'S VEGETABLE
SARSAPARILLA
: M. Sig. (one bottle)
; Two (2) teaspoonfuls three (3) ;
: times a day. When bowels are regular :
; reduce to one teaspoonful.
■•'-'• f;~Mn * '— *-* *.* **.!"** *••" ''J£° m *'. J