VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 51.
ACTIVITY IN THE
WAR DEPARTMENT.
Governors Ordered to Hold
State Troops Ready for
Action.
ENGLAND'S LATEST MOVE
Said to Be Completing Negotia
tions for the Purchase ot
Cuba.
MEANS WAR WITH AMERICA.
Washington Officials Preparing to
Resist the Acquisition of the
Island.
JACKSONVILLE, Fia., Jan. 10.— It is
reported on what is asserted to be good au
thority that the War Departmental Wash
ington has requested Governor Mitchell to
see that the Florida troops are kept in
readiness to take the iield at a moment's
notice. The report has caused great ex
citement.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The Re
corder prints the following under date of
Tallahassee. Fla. : At the request of the
Federal War Department Governor Mitch
ell has ordered Adjutant-General Houston
to see that the Florida militia is in readi
ness to take the field at a moment's no
tice. The statement is made on the au
thority of Judge 31. A. Dzialynpki of Jack
sonville. The Judge received his informa
tion from an aid in Adjutant-General
Houston's olJice.
Judge Dzialynski's informant said it
was understood similar requests had been
Bent to the Governors of other Southern
States. The story has become generally
known there and is causing great excite
ment. Governor Mitchell and Adjutant-
General Houston were asked in recard to
it, but they refused to either affirm or
deny.
General Houston his been in his office
all day, and has sent telegrams to all
battalion commanders in the State. Major
Turner of Jacksonville, commanding the
First Florida Battalion, has received sev
eral messages from the adjutant-general,
but refuses to make known their contents.
The battalion commanders at Pensacola
and Tampa also received messages from
General Houston to-day.
It is stated as coming from the execu
tive office that the Washington authorities
bave reason to believe that a deal is pend
ing between Spain and Great Britain for
the sale of Cuba to the latter and that the
United States is preparing to resist the
transfer of tbe island at all costs.
Cuban leaders here insist that Great
Britain is after the island and that the fly
ing squadron is coming to American
waters to be ready for the war with the
United States that will inevitably follow
the attempted cession of Cuba. Dispatches
indicate that the report about holding the
troops in readine?s has spread all over
Florida and that the war fever is higher
now than the day after President Cleve
land's Venezuelan message.
PROPOSAL TO SPAIXT.
Secretary Olnetj Takes Action in the
Interest* of Cuba.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The Her
ald will say to-morrow morning: Informa
tion of a very startling character has
reached the Cuban sympathizers in this
city, who are in closest touch with the
revolutionary Junta, wnence the informa
tion comep.
It is to the effect, as alleged, that Presi
dent Cleveland authorized Secretary Olney
two or three days ago to send a note to the
American Minister at Madrid, by which
Mr. Taylor, the present incumbent, is in
structed to present to the Spanish Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, a communication
which accompanied the note and which
contained a proposition upon the Cuban
question.
This proposition is, as alleged, that
Ppain at the earliest opportunity with
draw her troops from Cuba; that the
Spanish throne recognize the absolute in
dependence of Cuba and its existence as a
republic; that the Spanish Government
accept from Cuba a certain sum of money
as indemnity; that Spain accept the guar
antee of the United States that Cuba will
fulfill her obligations.
It is said by those close to the Junta that
this communication was distinctly framed
as a friendly proposition, and that it went
on to say that if Spain did not accept this
suggestion in the interest of peace the
United States would ignore the re
peated assurances of her trusted rep
resentatives in Cuba that no danger
threatened the property of her citizens
who reside in that country, and the lives
of Americans who live in the island, in
view of the late occurrences in Santiago,
Puerta Principe and Havana, and would
dispatch warships to Cuba to safeguard
Americans, a thing which the administra
tion had refrained from doing on account
of its implicit confidence in the good will
and esteem of the Spanish Government.
fcThe communication is alleged as having
been s-horn of everything that could bear
the slightest semblance to a threat or im
plied coercion. Nevertheless, the re
ported reference as to doubt about the se
curity of Americans in Cuba, should
Spain refuse these alleged good offices of
the United States, and the positive as
surances of American warships being sent
into Cuban water*, are said to have been
couched in firm language.
It is stated that there was no attempt to
disguise the attitude of the United States,
and that in the construction of the com
munication the opportunity was taken to
explain that it was extremely possible
The San Francisco Call.
that, for the purpose of exhibiting justice
and fairness to both parties in the field of
Cuba, this country would finally be com
pelled by force of circumstances to recog
nize the belligerent rights of the both.
Minister I'alma was seen to-night. He
made a flying trip to this city from Wash
ington. He would say little upon the sub
ject. He remarked:
"That is a very delicate matter. lam
not in a position to say what the adminis
tration is doing. 1 will say that 1 have
reasons to believe that our cause will pre
vail.
"We have been treated with the utmost
courtesy by all with whom we have come
in contact, and 1 know there is something
grand in tne air for free Cuba. \
"Now is the time for Spain to act if she
wants to prevent any more bloodshed and
save herself from financial ruin. The
Cubans will erect a republic out of the
ashes if they are forced to keep up the
struggle in the way it is goin^ on.
"But if the war is brought to an end
early we will pay whatever sum— let us
call it indemnity — might be agreed upon.
It would be fair. If we took control of
Cuba now, Spain would have to turn over
to us many magnificent forts, public build
ings and great improvements. We should
pay for these, and we would.
'•We understand the justice of that ar
rangement and have agreed to it. But if
the war is to continue and we finally take
these things by force then Spain cannot
look to us for any help. She will have to
stand her own expenses, which will be
something enormous, for we can wear out
her resources without subjecting our
people to slaughter."
Another gentleman, who is deep in the
confidence of some of the Junta leaders,
said to-night that while he did not believe
the force of Congress would very soon
bring about a recognition of Cuban bellig
erent rights, he did not believe the ad
ministration would enter upon any de
cided course.
"But," he continued, "I have heard
within two days what really staggered me.
It was more than I could bring myself to be
lieve. If it is true. President Cleveland has
gone very far toward crowding hpain into a
corner. I don't know whether it means
that a protectorate would be established
over the island, but I don't believe it does."
CTTBAXS TO UK JtECOGXIZEIt.
President Cleveland. Has Decided to
Issue the Proclamation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— A Re
corder special from Washington says:
From a source very close to the White
House word comes that the United States
is on the point of recognizing the belliger
ency of the Cuban insurgents.
This action would have been taken al
ready, had it not been for the supposed
American citizenship of Senor Palma, the
representative of the revolutionary party
in the United States. President Cleveland
has hesitated to take so important a step
•while the official head of the revolution is
enjoying the protection of American citi
zenship.
Secretary Olney has not felt so much
embarrassment from this cause. He has
been for some time in favor of immediate
recognition, and has been urging the Pres
ident, but Mr. Cleveland, out of abundance
of caution, has reserved his decision until
now.
It is understood that he is at last to issue
a proclamation recognizing the patent fact
that a stat ■ of war exists on the island.
This proclamation may be published at
any moment.
Secretary Olney last week requested
Senor Palma, who has headquarters in
Washington, to lay before the State De-
partment all the facts in relation to the
advance of the insurgents.
Objections had been made to according
belligerent rights to the revolutionists on
the ground of their failure to capture and
control a seaport and establish a civil form
of government, and Senor Palma, although
he has not been recognized in a diplo
matic capacity, was asked to furnish the
department with any facts in his posses
sion that would help to meet these objec
tions. The response to the Cuban leader
was satisfactory to the Secretary of State.
DISTRUSTS GUEAT URITAIX.
Rear- Admiral Ttelknap, Retired, Sound*
a Warning Xote.
BOSTON, -Mass.. Jan. 19.— Rear -Admiral
Belknap, retired, believes that the British
flying squadron is coming to America, and
that it can only be construed as a menace
to the United Slates if it does. He said
to-day :
"If the British squndron is coming over
to American waters it is no surprise to
me. Three days ago I wrote to Admiral
Bunce at Hampton Roads that it woulc".
not surprise me in the least if the flying
squadron was first heard of at La Guayra.
"From the moment it was announced
that the squadron was to be commissioned
I made up my mind that its destination was
America. I came to that conclusion from
tne fact that matters had quieted down in
tne Transvaal, and that attention with re
gard to Emperor William's telegram to
President Kruger had passed.
"The reported activity at St. Lucia and
j Halifax and at the British dockyard at
Esquimau, at the entrance of the Straits
ofJuflndeFuca on the Pacific, emphati
cally confirm such conclusions.
"While some of our people are arguing
over the meaning and intent of the Monroe
doctrine, and apologizing for everything
that England does on any part of the
globe, the British Government, in my
judgment, is quietly but determinedly
preparing to take what she claims belongs
to her in Venezuela.
"In my opinion if the flying squadron
does appear in American waters under
existing conditions it can only be construed
as a menace to the United States."
STREXGTH OF THE GUARD.
Adjutant-General Barrett Speah* of Cali
fornia's Military force.
The orders to prepare State forces for
readiness, presumably to resist the acquisi
tion of Cuba by England, have, it is be
lieved, been issued only to southern At
lantic Coast Governors at present, as their
militia would be the first to be called into
action.
Thus Florida, being contiguous to Cuba,
was the first to be called into readiness.
Should the outlook grow more threaten
ing tbe entire militia of the United States
may be expected to be put upon a war
footing within the next few days.
A. W. Barrett, adjutant-general of Cali
fornia, now at the California Hotel, in
speaking of the efficiency of the National
Guard of the State, said :
"We have at the present time about 4200
men in service, and these can be mobilized
Continued on Second Page,
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, JANUARY 20, 1896.
SECRETARY OLNEY TAKES THINGS EASY.
The cable tolls are so high that Secretary Olney does not wish for full reports from the
Transvaal. — Washington dispatch.
GENERAL WEVLER TO
COMMAND IN CUBA
Appointed by the Government of
Spain to Succeed General
Campos.
WILI PUSH THE CAMPAIGN.
Re-enforcements to Be Sent From
Madrid to Support the New
Leader.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 19.— 1t is officially
stated here to-day that the Government
has appointed General Weyier to succeed
General Campos in Cuba. He will sail
from Barcelona for Havana on January 25
General Suarez Valdez has been appointed
second in command under General Weyl'er.
General Weyier is very popular. He is
an energetic soldier, and it is expected
that he will adopt severer measures than
did General Campos toward the insurgents
and their direct and indirect aiders.
The Government wiil give General Wey
ler twenty battalions of infantry, twenty
five squadrons of cavalry and several
mountain batteries. Fresh re-enforce
ments will De sent to Cuba in February.
All the money required to push operations
decisively before the rains of May set in
will be furnished to the new commander.
MIX OR E2* GAG EMENTS FO UGHT.
A© Important Rattle* Have Occurred for
a Day or Txco.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.-S«nor
Dupuy de Lome, the Spanish Minister,
received notice to-night that Senor El
duayen, the new Spanish Minister of For
eign Affairs, whose title is Marquis del
Paso de la Merced, had taken the oath of
office and entered upon the discharge of
his duties.
The Minister's advices to-day from Cuba
were to the effect that only minor engage
ments between the insurgents and royal
troops had occurred in the past day or
two, none of them being of importance.
Tetuan's Resignation Accepted.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 19.— Owing to
differences with his colleagues the Duke of
Tetuan, Minister of Foreign Affairs, has
AWAITING "FURTHER DEVELOPMENTS."
[lit produced from the Chicago Titnes- Herald.)
tendered his resignation to the Queen Re
gent, who has accepted it. He will be suc
ceeded by Senor Elduayen.
OEXERATj GARCIA'S PZAXB.
Tlr May Again Move at th* Bead of <
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 10.-Gen
eral Calisto Garcia, who commanded the
Cuban revolutionists in their last war,
from 1868 to 1878, is in this city conferring
with the Cuban delegates, Palma and
Quesada, upon the inauguration of new
matters concerning the insurgent policy,
which are expected to give a decided im
petus to that cause. It i 3 the impression
that General Garcia will again become
active in the military movements of the
revolutionists, but nothing definite aa to
his course is yet determined.
General tiamir Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The Her
ald Havana special says: Advices re
ceived from Puerto Rico say that General
Gamir, the Governor-General of the island,
died yesterday of yellow fever.
General Gamir was a close personal
friend of General Campos, and it was re
ported here that he would resign his post
because of Campos' removal.
BOTH SUITORS ARE DEAD.
Quick Retributive Justice Overtakes a Man
Who Slew a Rival on His
Wedding Day.
BHAMOKIN, Pa.. Jan. 19.— According
to information received here to-day, quick
and retributive justice has overtaken an
escaped murderer from Shamokin.
Peter Priam and George Martin were
suitors for the hand of Miss Mary Marizzie
of Green Ridge, a mining hamlet near
here. She accepted Martin and married
him about a month ago. While the wed
ding festivities were in progress Priam, in
a drunken condition, forced his way into
the house and when ordered to leave by
Martin struck the latter down witb a club
and fled.
Martin died three days later and nothing
was heard of Priam until news was re
ceived to-day that during a drunken brawl
last week in the Clearfield bituminous coal
regions he was killed by the man with
whom he was fighting.
Arrested After the Mill.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 19.— A hundred
sports witnessed a sharp fight in a blacl^
smith shop this afternoon in South St.
Louis between "Dutch" Neal of this city
and Owen Hartley of Chicago, both light
weights. Bartley quit at the end of the
fourth round. Later Neal was arrested,
but Bartley and the seconds escaped to
East St. Louis.
CALIFORNIANS WILL
RECEIVE PROTECTION
Secretary Olney Active in Be
half of the Transvaal
Prisoners.
BUDD'S MESSAGE DELIVERED.
Assurances Given That Everything
Possible Will Be Done to Secure
Justice for Americans.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— Private
Secretary Thurber said to-nighf,: "Gov
ernor Sudd's telegram requesting protec
tion for Americans arrested in the Trans
vaal was received by the President. It
was delivered to him through Assistant
Secretary Pruden, hence I did not know of
its arrival last night."
Secretary Olney said to a Call corre
spondent: "We have as yet received no
definite information from South Africa.
In response to appeals from Senators Per
kins and White, Governor Budd and other
Californians, as well as from friends of the
other imprisoned Americans, we have in
structed our agents to do everything in
their power to secure a full measure of
justice for Americans. I have received
assurances that Gpeat Britain's representa
tives will act jointly with our own Consuls
in protecting the interests of all the im
prisoned men,"
"It is very strange," said Senator Per
kins, "that the American Consuls do not
send reports to the State Department. I
told Mr. Olney that I wa3 engaged in the
ocean -carry ing business and that if any of
our agents abroad should be as dilatory as
the American Consuls have been in
answering cable messages we would con
sider it just ground for a' reprimand. I
believe that the State Department here
has done and is doing everything possible,
and have no complaint to make, except
one criticism I might offer, however. I
think it unfortunate that we bave had to
call on Great Britain's agents in South
Africa to assist us in this matter. Our
Consuls abroad should be men of sufficient
good standing in the diplomatic world to
protect Americans abroad without our
having to call to other nations' repre
sentatives fcr help. This is not the fault
of the State Department, however, but of
our Congress, which has failed to provide
as liberally for our diplomatic and con
sular agents as other countries have done.
"The President's recommendation in his
annual message that our consular service
be improved meets with my approval."
The Post to-day roasts Mr. Olney thus:
"We think it a mistake to ask~for British
intervention on behalf of those American
citizens who are now prisoners in the
hands of the Transvaal authorities. The
Americans in question are held by Presi
dent Kruger for an alleged offense against
the peace and safety of the Transvaal, and
it is to him that the State Department
should have applied. Great Britain, as we
know, while acknowledging the inde
pendence of the republic, claims a sort of
control over its foreign relations, but then,
as we also know, Great Britain claims
everything when the victim of her pre
tensions happens to be remote and feeble.
Certainly there is no occasion why the
United States should have recognized
these pretensions, especially since there
could be no effectual way of imperiling
the prisoners, as to whose well-being we
are supposed to be anxious.
"No intelligent obaerver of the episode
of which the Jameson invasion was the cul
mination harbors the very least doubt that
the conspiracy was of long and careful
preparation; that it had the entire sym
pathy of the British authorities in South
Africa, and was fully known to and un
derstood by the members of the Govern
ment at London. To what good end,
therefore, could be an appeal to England
in the matter of our imprisoned citizens,
if, indeed, we had in view their welfare?
It seems to us that unless we wished
merely to make an affectionate and defer
ential overture to Great Britain, the ap
peal in question should have been made
directly to President Kruger. To us the
measure bears every appearance of a blun
der."
WILL BE TRIED TO-DAY.
John Hay* Hammond's Fate Will Soon
Be Learned.
DENVER, Colo., Jan. 19. — Father
Thomas E. Sherman, son of the late Gen
eral W. T. Sherman, who is engaged in
mission work in Denver, to-day received
from James L. Houghteling of the
Chicago firm of Peabody & Houghteling
a telegram to the effect that the trial of
John Hays Hammond for high treason
will occur at Johannesburg to-morrow,
and urging him to use his influence to
avert the heavy penalty that is likely to
follow Hammond's conviction.
Father cherman and Mr. Houghteling
were classmates of Hammond in Yale.
Father Sherman at once wired an appeal
to liis uncle, Senator Sherman, and to Gen
eral Miles, who is also a relative, to use
their influence with the administration to
interfere in Hammond's behalf.
HOLDS DEL AGO A BAY.
Portugal Would Xot Sell the Harbor to
Great Britain-
NEW YORK, N. Y M Jan. 197— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald irora Paris
say 8:
A Herald correspondent called to-day
on Senhor Souza Roza, the Portuguese
Minister in Paris, in order to ascertain
what truth there was in the sensational
report that Portugal would sell Delagoa
Bay and the adjacent territories to Great
Britain, or to an English syndicate, for
300,000,000 francs. The following conver
sation ensued :
"Is there any foundation for the rumor
that Portugal is to sell Delagoa Bay to
Enjrland?"
"None whatever," was the reply. "In
the first place, the Portuguese Govern
ment will never sell Delagoa Bay nor any
other portion of Portuguese territory.
Moreover, the British Government, know
ing this to be a fact, could never have
made to Portugal any proposal."
BTOOI* BY KHUGER.
Americans Bad Fledged Allegiance to
the Transvaal Ruler.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 19.— Mail advices
of date of January 1 arrived at Plymouth
from Cape Town to-day. These advices
relate that the Americans in Johannes
burg held a meeting on Christmas day, at
which the following, addressed to Presi
dent Kruger, was unanimously adopted :
Some desire to sack your house, but we
are with you and intend to build it higher.
Thousands of Americans in the Hand
wish you a merry Christmas and happy
New Year.
SOT SEEK IX AST £ZLIAITCE.
The Xiondon Standard Denies Eng
.'. land's Reported Overtures. ■
LONDON, Exg., Jan. 19.— Queen,
who is now at her residence on the Isle of
Wight, will review, the new flying squad
ron on . Tuesday. > The vessels will pro
ceed to sea on the day following.
The Standard will to-morrow publish a re
view of the European situation, in which
it will declare emphatically that Great
Britain does not seek an alliance with any
power.
MENELIK TRIES STRATEGY.
Peace Overtures of Abyssinia's
King Are Regarded With
Suspicion.
His Purpose Believed to Be to Gain
Time in Which to Prepare for
Attack.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 19.— A dispatch re
ceived from Massowah to-day states that
the situation at Makalle, the position
which the Abyssinians flave been trying
for some time to capture, is unchanged.
It is reported that Menelik, King of the
Abyssinians, has offered to treat for peace,
but on what conditions is not positively
known. It is alleged that he offers that
the Italians will not be harmed if they
abandon the fortress at Makalle and re
treat.
It is believed the negotiations on the
part of the Abyssimans are only for the
purpose of gaining time, in which to make
preparations for another attack on the
Italians. The Abyssinian force numbers
35,000 men, most of whom are armed with
Remington rifles. Ten thousand of them
are armed with iances.
A majority of the troops, who were at
Adigrat, have advanced to Adamus under
the command of General Baratieri.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CARLISLE WANTS
THE NOMINATION
Selected to Perpetuate the
Grover Cleveland
Dynasty.
CHOICE OF THE POWERS.
The Administration Fiat in Ris
Behalf Believed to Have
Gone Forth.
IS AN AVOWED CANDIDATE.
Democratic Leaders Have Already
Shown an Inclination to Sup
port the Secretary.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, Jan. 10.— The Trib
une to-morrow wili say : There now seems
to be no question that the Hon. John G.
Carlisle is an avowed candidate for the
nomination for President, and in some
quarters it is believed that he has been
selected to perpetuate the Cleveland dy
nasty.
in Washington last weefe it was defi
nitely ascertained that Mr. Cleveland was
not a candidate and would not accept a
fourth nomination, even if it was ten
dered. A gentleman who is 1 known to be
quite close to the President said to a
Tribune reporter in the Arlington Hotel,
last Thursday, that Mr. Cleveland did not
believe in third terms, and felt that the
country's safety depended upon frequent
rotation in office.
It was a very noticeable fact during the
three days that the local committee was in
Washington trying to get the National
Democratic Convention that many of the
delegates did not care to exhibit a prefer
ence until they had consulted the Secre
tary of the Treasury. His wish was theirs,
and at least five votes came to Cincinnati
by reason of fealty to Carlisle.
Governor Caleb West of Utah made no
concealment of his position, and he plainly
said that he was lor Carlisle for President,
and would vote for the city that Carlisle
wanted.
GATHER AT ST. LOUIS.
The Convention Comm-itlre to Arrange
Jflans for the Hireling.
ST. LOU 15, M0., Jan. 19.— The Republican
National Committee's Rub-committee on
convention is to meet at Southern Hotel
here to-morrow. Three of the gentlemen
are now in the city, and others will arrive
to-night. R. C. Kerens has been at home
here for some time. John M. Ewing, who
iujkis the proxy of Henry C. Payne of
Wisconsin, arrived last night, as did John
K. Tanner of Illinois, with the proxy of
Committeeman Campbell from that State.
Tanner, as well as Campbell, is a member
of the National committee.
One of the things to be done by the sub
committee is the election of aereeant-at
arms for the convention. Mr. Ewing has
brought a candidate with him in the per
son of George M. Wisnell of Milwaukee.
Drawn out upon the matter of Presiden
tial preferences, Siring says that Wiscon
sin's choice in the convention for Presi
dent will be McKinley, if the rank and
lile have their say; but the other candi
dates have each an army of friends in
Wisconsin, except Harrison, he says, and
there ia no telling who the delegates Will
be or how tney will vote.
Frame Buildings liestroyed.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.— The build
ings numbers 58, 60 and <>2 Newark
aveuue, Jersey City, were destroyed by fire
to-night, involving a loss of about $70,000.
They were two-story frames and were
owned by the Clark estate. The buildings
and contents were insured.
Coming to San Francisco.
OMAHA, Nebr., Jan. 19.^-Westbound
passengers on Union Pacinc flyer to-day
included Jay Cooke, R. C. Pattnck, W. H.
Simons and Dr. Baxter and wife, all going
to San Francisco.
N JEW TO -DAT. ■
'. "' "■ ■ ' " e> I* ' '
fw 1- I£X Seems as if con .
IHI I IvY sumption always
111 St «j£T"flKr»"» picks out the bright-
LLLJ^vk^^ est and best. Maybe
V«S !*» JABwIPX it isn't so. Maybe it
yM^y*.<fffjsys? seems so because
\j§£^' >^' consumption is the
t»LJsisi^£^Jii3l most frequent of all
jJggggSa^jCTxife'^ diseases. Consump-
•ffiKl^B^^Ml^ tion kills more peo-
P-^^^Lr-^^. j \ pie than wars or
;.v ■•!'■ , ■ *tT*^ Cholera or Yellow
I x . Fever. Fully one-sixth
of all the deaths that occur in the world are
caused by consumption. And consumption
can be cured. Doctors used to say that it
was incurable, but the doctors were merely
mistaken. It would be strange if medical
science did not make some progress. Many
things were once considered impossible.
The ocean - steamer, the locomotive, the
telegraph and telephone, the phonograph,
the electric light— all these were once im-
possible, and once it was impossible to cure
consumption. That was before the time
of Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery.
Taken according to directions, thi9 standard
remedy will cure 98 per cent of all cases of
consumption. Consumption is a disease of
the blood, j It used to be considered a dis-
ease by itself. It is not. It is caused and
fostered by impurity in the blood. Purify
the blood and restore the healthy action to
the various organs of the body and con-
sumption will be cured. It is by weakness
and loss of vitality in the blood. It is cured
by purity and richness of the blood— surely,
certainly cured. Those who have consump-
tion or any lingering bronchial, throat or
lung disease, and those who are on the road
to them, have a positive remedy at hand.
Any condition of the body that indicates
weakness, any indication of impurity in the
blood, should be attended to at once. Loss
of appetite, loss of flesh, loss of vitality,
nervousness, weakness and unnatural wear-
iness, are indications that the body is run-
ning down. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery makes the appetite good, the di-
gestion strong. It builds up solid, healthy
flesh and vigorous strength. Thousands of
people have testified that it has really saved
their lives. Some of these testimonials,
together with hundreds of things that ev-
erybody ought to know about health and
sickness and medicine, have been embod-
ied in Dr. Pierces "Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser." This 1008 page medical
work, profusely illustrated, will be sent free
on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to cover
cost of mailing only. World's Dispensary
Aledical Association.' Buffalo. N. Y. •2
IN THE REALM
OF THE KAISER
Emperor William at Outs
With Several German
Princes.
TWO FAITHFUL ALLIES.
Triple Alliance Not Affected by
the Hostility of Great
Britain.
RETURN OF AN EXILED EDITOR
Herr Gehelsen Stirs Up a Political
Scandal in His Resurrected
Newspaper.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 19.— The ab
sence of Prince Luitpold, regent of Bava
ria, the King of Wurtemberg and other
German Princes, from the celebration
which took place in Berlin yesterday upon
the occasion of the twenty-tilth anniver
sary of the founding of the German em
pire, has been widely commented upon as
indicating the existence of some tension In
their relations with the Kaiser. The ex
planation given by Prince Luitpold, in re
sponse to the Emperors invitation, ex
plains the absence of the others as well as
his own failure 10 be present.
Prince Luitpold, in regretting his ina
bility to attend, informed the Emperor
that he was under obligations to preside
at the local celebrations held in comuemo
ration of the coronation of King "William
of Prussia as Emperor of Germany. This
■was certainly a good reu?on for his non
apDearance. but it was, nevertheless,
highly displeasing to the Emperor, who
had desired to make himself the center of
a grand state function at which all the
heads of the Federal States hail been in at
tendance.
Therefore, his Majesty sent his highest
court official. Prince yon Hohenlohe-
Oehringen, to Munich, with a pressing
invitation for the Prince Regent to be
present at the Berlin celebration, but the
Prince Regent returned a courteous re
fusal to alter his plans. Similar refusals
were received from other princely quarters,
and these put the Emperor in the worst of
humors, from which state of mind he re
covered, however, upon receiving prom
ises from Prince Luitpold and the other
Princes that they would be present at the
fetes on the occasion of the birthday of the
Emperor on January 27. This function
will be the culminating point of the sea-
Bon, and it is understood that besides the
German Princes, the Grand Duke of
Hesse, the Grand Duke of Baden, and a
number of other equally exalted person
ages will be present.
It has now been arranged that the Crown
Prince and his brother, Prince Eitel-
Frederick, will not go to Ploen for the
purpose of pursuing their studies until
April 18, and it is likely that all the chil
dren of the imperial family will accompany
their parents to Abbazia in April. The
Emperor and Empress are projecting a
yachting cruise in the Mediterranean, and
will visit the Grand Duke George, Czare
witch of Russia, in the Riviera, the court
report says, at some French port. The
Emperor, in the course of his stay at
Abbazia, will also meet the Emperor
Francis Joseph of Austria, at some place
which has not yet been fixed, or if it has
been it has not been made known.
All the stories in circulation to the effect
that the Triple Alliance has been shaken
through England's hostility to Germany
are serni-ofiicially denied and said to be
utterly without foundation. None of the
powers concerned, according to this au
thority, have suggested the slightest modi
fication of the terms of the Dreibund or
intimated any desire to withdraw there
from. Both the Berlin and Vienna Gov
ernments are interested in the ventures of
Italy in Abyssinia and are fully conscious
of the consequent drain upon the resources
which are weakening her as an ally, but
that is held to be no sufficient reason why
the stability of the Triple Tlliance should
Le shaken.
There is quite a scandal attaching to the
connection between Mme. Yilva Parlaghi,
the artist who was so highly favored by
the Emperor, and M. PLOsenthal, the Pa
risian journalist, professionally known as
Jacques St. Cere, who is now in prison in
Paris under charges of blackmail in con
nection with the successful schemes to
blackmail M. Lebaudy, the young million
aire who died recently while serving out
his term of conscription in the French
army. Mme. Parlaghi came to the full
front of notoriety when the Emperor,
against the verdict of the Berlin Academy,
decided to award to her the grand gold
medal. Of course the Kaiser had his way,
but despite this mark of imperial favor,
the German art world has continued to
refuse recognition of her claims, and the
court for certain reasons did not encourage
any advancement of such claim.
Madame Parlaghi became acquainted
with Rosenthal in Pans. According to
common report here Rosenthal visited her
at ht.r stttdio in Berlin and promised to
ob;ain for her the French Cross of the
Legion of Honor if she would obtain lor
him an interview with the Emperor or
even an opportunity to converse with him
by an apparently accidental meeting with
him in her studio. This may or may not
be true, but according to an interview with
Madame Parlaghi published in the Frank
fort Zeitung the lady admitted having
seen Rosenthal in her studio, but declared
that tbe meeting took place in Paris and
not in Berlin as alleged. Rosenthal, she
continued, asked Her to obtain for him an
interview with the Kaiser and promised in
return for the favor to get her the decora
tion of the Cross of the Legion of Houor.
Madame Parlaghi told the Zeitung inter
viewer that she positively declined to enter
tain the idea, informing M. Rosenthal that
she would neither mix herself up in poli
tics uor accept a mark of distinction
which she had not earned as an artist.
Whatever may have been her part in the
Rosenthal affair, it is now plain that the
Kaiser has totally withdrawn his favor
from her.
Herr H. J. Gehelsen, once notorious as
un editor of an old Benin naper called the
Reichsglccke, hss returned to Berlin after
twenty yeare' residence in London, where
he lived under tbe name of J. B. Keller.
Prince Bismarck suppressed the Reichs
ciocke twenty years ago, and Geheisen
disappeared from Berlin. For ten years
he acted as the London correspondent of
the semi-official Berlin Post.
Since his return to Berlin he has re
suscitated the Reichsnk>cke, and in recent
articles hac made disclosures which involve
Herr Tiedemann, an attache of the For
eign Office, who is accused by Gehelsen of
having dictated articles to the editor of the
Berlin Post. He further promises to pub
lish proofs that a certain German Socialist
leader was in close connection with the
late General BouJanger, their letters being
exchanged in London, Gehelsen knows a
good deal tnat is likely to add to the
already numerous political scandals.
The Vorwaerts, the Socialist organ, char
acterizes as idle notion the Emperor's mes
sage delivered in the White Hall of the
Schloss yesterday, in which his Majesty
asserted that the empire realized the hopes
of the people.
"Happily," the Vorwaerts says, "the
present form of the empire is not the last
in the world's history. Out of the anarchy
of capitalism will arrive the order of so
cialism."
The celebration which took place in
Dresden yesterday in honor of the twenty
iifth anniversary of the founding of the
empire was very im-posing. In the even
ing there was a grand torchlight proces
sion, in which 3000 persons participated.
The populace was very enthusiastic and
the King on his appearance received an
ovation. In Munich the celebration ter
minated with a grand state banquet, at
which Prince Regent Luitpold toasted the
Kaiser in the warmest terms. The Em
peror was heartily cheered.
The Emperor, at last evening's banquet
at the White Hall of the Sehloss, congrat
ulated Baron Hammerstein-Loxten, Prus
sian Minister of Agriculture, upon his
anti-agrarian speech in the Reichstag in
the debate on Count yon Kanitz's grain
monopoly bill.
The police dispersed several Socialist
mass meetings in Dresden yesterday be
cause of the violence of the language in
dulged in by the speakers, who protested
against the threats of the Government to
curtail the suffrage.
The banking firm of Muller & Thomson
of Hamburg is about to float a loan of
12,000,000 marks for the Government of
Guatemala, for the purpose of constructing
a railway.
Mrs. E. H. Suaderland and Miss M. F.
Potter, of the United States, are visiting
the Berlin elementary schools for the pur
pose of studying the system.
A special edition of the Reichsanzeiger
enumerates 2000 decorations that were be
stowed in honor of the twenty-fifth anni
versary of the founding of the German
empire.
PROCLAIM MARTIAL LAW
Efforts to Prevent an Outbreak
of the Revolutionists in
Barranquilla.
The Governor Invested With Military
Power and the Police
Doubled.
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 19.— A dispatch
from Bogota states that martial law has
been proclaimed in the province of Bar
ranquilla, State of Bolivar. Six hundred
trooops are proceeding from the coast ud
the Magdalena River to the city of Barran
quilla. The Governor has been invested
with military power and the police have
Deen doubied. The Government is vigil
ant and is said to be preparing to put down
any attempt at revolution.
It is reported here that the Mosquito In
dians, including Chief Hendy, will invite
Chief Clarence to return to the Mosquito
territory.
Chief Clarence was deposed by the Nica
raguans in 1894, and subsequently went to
Jamaica, where it was said he was in re
ceipt of a pension from the British Gov
ernment. Great Britain refused to recog
nize the new Nicaraguan Government that
was set up at Bluetieids after the deposi
tion of Chief Clarence, and out of this
grew the troubles that resulted in Great
Britain sending a squadron to Corinto to
enforce the payment of the indemnity de
manded by Great Britain for the expulsion
of the British vice-consul at Bluefields.
Chief Hendy was appointed as the succes
sor of Chief Clarence.
The strike among the laborers on the
Panama Canal continues.
KNEEBS HAS A SURPRISE
Claims He Will Produce the Real
Racing Mare Bethel in
Court.
The American Horseman's Case May
Lead to International Corre
spondence.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 10.— The case
of the American horse-owner F,obert T.
j Kneebs, who was convicted last Monday
Bad sentenced to nine months' imprison
ment and to pay 1000 marks for starting on
the German tracks an entry alleged to
have been the mare Bethel under the name
of Nellie Kneebs, has taken developments
which may lead to diplomatic communi
cations between Berlin and Washington.
One of the German Consuls in the United
States, it appears, in certifying to the sig
natures appended to the depositions of
some of Kneebs' witnesses, characterized
the witnesses as unworthy of belief and de
clared that their testimony was only worth
so many dollars, implying that they were
paia for what they had sworn to, and had
sworn to only what they had been paid for.
Such a statement accompanying the
documents received here is held to be a
breach of the law. The Consul, it is con
tended, has no right to communicate to his
Government his personal ideas of the char
acter of the American witnesses, nor has
he the right to take any other course than
to send the papers to Berlin for what they
were worth and without comment.
The authorities are fu.ther puzzled to
know what to do with the mare Bethel or
j Nellie Kneebs, which according to the
judgment of the court was forfeited to the
state. Kneebs has given notice of appeal
against the verdict and sentence against
him, and pending the decision of the Im
perial Court upon the appeal, the mare,
which has been seized in accordance with
the judgment of the court of trial, must be
kept at the expense of the authorities. If
Kneebs succeeds in his appeal he will
claim damages from the authorities for
j any deterioration in the form or condition
i of the mare, and if he can prove that there
| has been any there can scarcely be any
| successful appeal against such a finding.
I Kneebs says he was very much surprised
at the verdict of the iurv in his case, and
declares that he will produce the real
Bethel, which is now in America, before
the Imperial Court when the hearing of
his appeal comes up.
Many Visitor* to the Vatican.
ROME, Italy, Jan. 19.— An immense
number of people this evening attended
tbe Vatican to witness tha ceremonies at
tending the beatification of the theologian
Da Courte.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
HIS GENIUS MADE
A NATION LAUGH
Death of Bernard Gillam,
the Noted Cartoonist
of Judge.
REMOVED BY A FEVER.
Stricken Down While in the
Prime of His Life and
Popularity.
FAMOUS FOR HIS SKETCHES.
For Years He Furnished the Ideas for
a Corps of Clever
Artists.
CANAJOHARIE, N. V., Jan. Ik-Bern
ard Gillam, the famous cartoonist of
Judge, died suddenly at 3:25 o'clock this
morning at his home here. He was 38
THE LATE BERNARD GILLMAN, FAMOUS FOR HIS CARICATURES IN JUDGE.
[From a recent photograph.]
years of age. Death was caused by a heart
clot resulting from a severe attack of
typhoid fever.
Mr. Gillam was born in Bambury, Ox
fordshire, England, on October 28, 1856.
His father was a foundryman, or, as men
of that craft are called in England, a
furnace man. His mother had decided
artistic ability, although she never culti
vated it save for her own amusement
When Bernard and his three brothers
were mere children the father decided to
try his fortune in the States, ana the
family settled in Brooklyn. After leaving
Brooklyn High School Bernard became a
student in the office of a Brooklyn lawyer,
but one day he drew a comical sketch of
his employer and lost his position.
After that Gillam did a little of every
thing for a year or two, sketching taking
up most of his time. In 1879, however, a
place on Frank Leslie's Weekly was offered
nim. Soon after he made this connection
Mr. Leslie died, the poiicy of the paper
changed and Mr. Gillam went over to the
Graphic. During the Garlield-Hancock
campaign he made cartoons for Harper's
Weekly, working with Thomas Nast. His
work with the Harpers attracted attention,
and in 1881 Keppler & Schwarzmann of
Puck engaged him at what was said at the
time to be the highest salary ever paid to
a cartoonist.
In 1886, in company with W. J. Arkell,
he purchased Judge, being convinced that
there was ample room for two papers of
the kind of opposite political faiths.
From the time Messrs. Qillam & Arkell
took hold of Judge the paper was a suc
cess, and Mr. Gillam, more than any other
man, was responsible for that success.
While the paper had always had a corps
of clever cartoonists, Mr. Gillam directed
the work of all of them and furnished the
ideas of many of their cartoons.
Seven years ago Mr. Gillam married
Miss Bertelle Arkell, the youngest daugh
ter of ex-Senator James Arkell of Canajo
harie and the sister of his business part
ner. After his marriage Mr. Gillam made
his home in Canajoharie.
OWXEU A HO2TAXZA. MINE.
Mr*. MeAdow, Made liich by the Spotted
Iforsr, I'atsvs Await.
DETROIT. Mich., Jan. 19.— Mrs. Clara
A. MeAdow, aged 58 years, died at her
residence here this morning from a com
plication of diseases, after an illness which
lasted nearly six months. She was the
wife of Hoyt A. MeAdow and was a Michi
gan woman. She and her husband went
to Montana many years ago and became
interested in mines, one of which, the
Spotted Horse, proved a bonanza. She re
turned to Michigan some years ago and
settled in this city.
Mrs. MeAdow represented Montana on
the Board of Woman Managers of the
World's Fair in 1893. The gold for the
base of the famous $50,000 silver statue at
the fair was taken from one of her mines
and was contributed by her. Mrs. Me-
Adow leaves a fortune estimated at
$2,000,000.
DEFEATED ALL COMERS.
Death of "Deerfoot," the Famous Indian
long -Distance Runner.
BUFFALO, N. V., Jan. 19.— "Deerfoot,"
the famous Indian long-distance runner,
died on the Cattaraugus reservation yes
terday. His proper name was Louis Ben
nett, the name "Deerfoot" being given
him for his professional running.
He was born on the reservation in 1828
In 1861 he went to England, where he de
feated the English champion runners. In
1863 he returned to this country and took
part in races in New York and Chicago,
defeating all comer 3. "Deerfoot's" great
est record was made in London, wnere he
ran ten mile 3in fifty-two minutes.
Passing of a Popular Divine.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 19.— The Rev.
William Rogers, a popular divine and the
intimate friend of many distinguished
persons, died to-day. He wa» 76 years of
age.
•Judge Jfrauzwetter la Dead.
BERLIN, Germany, Jan. 19.— Judge
Brauzwetter, who presided at many triah
of editors for lese majeste and other press
offenses, died yesterday from paralysis.
Rev. Dr. Seed Oone.
TORONTO, Ont.. Jan. 19,-Rev. William
D. Reed, D.D., rector of the Presbyterian
Church of Canada, d'-ed to-day, aged 80
years.
Death of Jiishop Haygood.
COVINGTON, Ga., Jan. 19.— Bishop At
ticus Haygood, of the South Methodist
Church, died this morning at Oxford.
POI3OJT IX xnJB COFFEE.
Evidence That Caused the Arrest of a
Murdered Man's- Wife.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19. -Jacob Joahen
son, a saloon-keeper at 2328 Cottage Grove
avenue, was found dead in bed at 11
o'clock to-night. His wife was found in
another room in hysterics. She managed
to tell the police that three or four men
had broken into their house, killed her
husband and robbed them of $1500 in
money, which she drew from the bank yes
terday.
The case looked suspicious, and the po-
lice, in searching the place, found a coffee
cup partly filled with a fluid sus
pected to be poison. The woman was
placed under arrest and taken to Mercy
Hospital, where she will be guarded until
able to stand an examination. Three men
who were seen about the saloon early in
the evening were also arrested.
GOLD USED TO BEAT QUAY
Inside History of the Fight in
Pennsylvania Given to the
Public.
Attempt to Bribe Chairman Barker
of the Montgomery County
Delegation.
NORRISTOWN, Pa., Jan. 19.— From a
statement made to-day by Thomas H.
Barker of Lower Marion Township, this
county, the light to overthrow the power
of Senator Quay last summer by his oppo
nents in the party was more desperate
than ever appeared.
Mr. Barker was chairman of the Mont
gomery County delegation to the State con
vention last summer. The fight between
Quay and his opponents for the State
ohampionship hung in the balance before
the convention, and if it had not been an
nounced openly that the seven voteß of
Montgomery County would have been cast
against Quay, it might have changed the
result.
It will be remembered that Doth sides
held a caucus the night before the conven
tion, and Quay had a majority. Mr. Bar
ker asserts that before the caucus he was
approached by a Philadelphian, who of-
Jered him $5000 if he would not go into the
Quay caucus with his delegation. He re
fused the money, and the offer was in
creased to ?6000, to $8000 and finally $10,
--000. Wheu it was found that even this
sum would not bribe Mr. Barker the effort
to make him prove false to his pledges was
abandoned.
Mr. Barker asserts the absolute truth of
this story, and says he has corroborative
witnesses to it.
CABLE TO AUSTRALIA.
Landing Vlnret Will Be Made on British
Territory Only.
SYDNEY, N. 8. W., Jan. 19.— At a con
ference of the postmasters-general of the.
Australian colonies the Hon. Duncan
Gillies and Sir Saul Samuel, agents-general
in London of Victoria and New South
Wales respectively, were appointed Aus
tralian delegates on the Pacific Cable Com
mission.
The conference adopted a resolution de
claring that Great Britain, Australia and
Canada should each pay a third of the cost
of the cable; that the landing places
should be en British territory only, and
that the route from Fiji should be to Nor
folk Island, from which place the line
should bifurcate to North Island, New
Zealand, and to Morton Bay, on the east
coast of Australia.
Maoris Heady to Fight.
AUCKLAND, N. Z.Jan. 19.-The Maoris
of North Island have telegraphed the Eail
of Glasgow, Governor of New Zealand, of
fering to form a guerrilla regiment^for ser
vice in the Transvaal should such service
be deemed necessary.
BROADENING THE
MONROE DOCTRINE
Senators Will Adopt the
Foreign Relations
Report.
ONLY TWO TO OPPOSE.
Sewell and Gray See No Menace
in the Encroachments of
England.
FATE OF THE TARIFF BILL.
Jones of Nevada Holds the Key to the
Situation in the Upper
House.
WABHIXGTON, D. C. Jan. 19. -The re
port from the Senate Committee on For
eign Relations on the Monroe doctrine
resolutions to-morrow will probabJy cause
the subject to divide the time with the
Senate free coinage substitute to the House
bond bill, which is still the unfinished
business. The extreme position taken by
the Committee on Resolutions in one di
rection and those of Sewell of New Jersey
in the other will give the debate a wide
range. Davis has been instructed by the
committee to urge prompt action on the
resolution, and while it cannot supersede
the financial question as the unfinished
business, it will probably receive much
discussion this week.
Sewell may address the Senate to-mor
row during the morning hour on his reso
lution, which declared that the President
has gone too far in his message in enunci
ating the Monroe doctrine. The commit
tee resolutions will doubtless be discussed
by Morgan, Sherman, Cullom, Lodge,
Frye, Davis and others in favor, and an
taeonized probably by Gray. It is be
lieved that the result will be almost unan
imous in favor of their adoption, and the
vote may be taken this week.
Teller and Daniels have given notice
that they will speak this week on the
financial question, and White and Cockrell
may also speak. Additional interest to
the week's proceedings will bo given
should the Finance Committee report the
tariff bill. This will be done, it is under
stood, without another meeting being
held.
The nature of the report will depend
upon the position taken by Jones of Ne
vada. Should he still insist upon increas
ing the duty on raw sugar an adverse re
port will be made ; should he vote with the
Republicans the bill will be reported as it
came from the House. As soon as Jones
signifies how he desires to vote the bill will
be reported. This may be to-morrow.
In tho House of Representatives the pro
gramme of business for tne coming week
is about as follows : The virgency deficiency
bill will be reported by the Committee on
Appropriations Monday, and it is ex
pected that immediate consideration will
be given it.
Following that the bill making appro
priations for the military academy for the
next hscal year will be taken up. But lit
tle time will be occupied in considering
these and opportunities for action on bills
by unanimous request will be numerous.
It is expected that next Friday the Com
mittee on Invalid Pensions will invoke
the rule providing for the night session on
that day to begin the consideration of pri
vate pension bills.
During the week the Committee on
Ways and Means will have several hear
ings. On Monday advocates of a bill to
establish a sub-treasury at Savannah will
be heard and on "Wednesday will beheld
the final hearing on the customs adminis
trative act.
TI3ZE TO ARBITRATE.
Salitbury Urged tn Settle the Venezuelan
Quettion.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 19.— The Daily
News will to-morrow say that it regards
the adoption by the Committee on Foreign
Relations of the United States Benate Fri*
day of the resolution of Senator Davis,
supporting the Monore doctrine, as a most
serious step. It adds:
" The sooner Lord Salisbury discovers a
method of arbitration the better. The
Venezuelan commission hangs fire, not,
perhaps, without President Cleveland's
connivance. If he is giving us time we
would be foolish not to take it."
The Chronicle will to-morrow say it is
probable that England ana Venezuela will
order inquiries to be made into the state
ments and cessions of land in the dis
puted territory. This will offer a basis for
a renewal of negotiations and, it is now
thousrht, will be the form of arbitration
that will be resorted to.
TO SETTLE WITBL BOLD.
England's Rumored , Plan to Gain the
Disputed Territory.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 19.-A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Havana
says: The Havana papers print a story to
the effect that England, if she succeeds
through Chile's good offices in resuming
diplomatic relations with Venezuela, will
offer President Crespo £1,000,000 to recog
nize the Schomburg line. •
BIG FIRES AT CHICAGO
Two Apartment-Houses on the
South Side Are Razed by
a Conflagration.
Excitement Among Occupants of One
of the Structures Becomes
Almost a Panic.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 19.— Two of the
finest apartment-houses oh the south side
of the city were destroyed by tire this
evening. The buildings were owned by
Lincoln Brooks and located at the south
west corner of Wabash avenue ana Thirty
sixth street. The one on the corner con
tained forty apartments and was unoccu
pied, being just about completed. The
building next door was filled with tenants
and contained over thirty flats.
Both buildings area total loss. The walls
of the occupied one still stand, but the.
empty structure burned like tinder and
even the outside walls fell out into the
street.
The fire started in the corner building on
the fifth floor through the falling of one of
seventeen salamanders which were being
used to dry the plastering. Before assist
ance could be called the fire had gotten
beyond control and communicated to the
adjoining building.
Only a little furniture was saved from
the wreck. Occupants of buildings for a
block away packed many of their things in
readiness to move out, expecting the fire
to spread.
Holes were burned in the clothing of
many of the spectators, who came from
every part of the city, being attracted by
the illumination.
Tne excitement in the second building
which burned amounted almost to a panic,
and rumors were started that many people
had been burned to death. Several people
were injured by fire and stray bricks from
falling walls, but no one was fatally hurt.
The horses attached to a hook and lad
der truck ran away and dashed into a
crowded street, rolling many people over
into the water-covered streets and bruising
several severely.
The total loss is estimated at $300,0C0.
WILL SAIL FOR TURKEY.
Red Cross Society Will Ignore the Warning
of the Sultan Against Aiding
Armenians.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.—Secre
tary Olney stated to-night that he had re
ceived no reply as yet to his telegrams of
inquiry to Minister Terrell at Constantino
ple asking whether or not the Sultan had
directed that the Red Cross officials should
not enter his dominions for the purpose of
distributing relief among the Armenians.
In the meantime, Miss Clara Barton, the
president, is busily engaged in perfecting
preparations for the voyage to Turkey,
which she and her associates will under
take despite the report that they will not
be permitted to discharge their charitable
trust. She will leave Washington Tuesday
and go to New York, sailing from that port
a day or two later.
FRESNO OFFICERS TO ACT.
Will Make a Strong Fight
for the Four - Year
Tenure.
Test Case Before Ihe Supreme Court
to Settle the Question of
County Offices.
FRESNO, Cai,., Jan. 19.— Already a
vague unrest has begun to manifest itself
among the county officers of this State
over their office tenure. In Southern Cali
fornia the county officers have formed a
league, offensive and defensive, to retain
their offices for four years each from Jan
uary 1. 1895. Many of these officers have
heretofore had but two-year terms.
The Legislature of 1893 changed section
60 of the county government act to read as
follows: "All elective county and town
ship officers, except as otherwise provided
for in this act, shall be elected at the gen
eral election to be held in November, 1894,
and every four years thereafter."
This seemsplain enough, but this legis
lative tinkering contains "a joker," it
seems. In referring to Fresno County,
the following subdivision of section 170 is
made to read:
"The officers mentioned in section 57 of
this act (which section names all the
county officers except Superior Judges,
Assessors, Supervisors and Superintend
ents of Schools), shall be elected in tne
year of 1894 and every two years there
after."
This is a general election year. If the
sub-division cited ahall be construed by
the Supreme CouH as the law, then the
successors to the following officers of this
State will have to be elected next Novem
ber: Sheriffs, Coroners, Public Adminis
trators, Clerks, Auditors, Recorders, Treas
urers, Surveyors, Tax Collectors and Dis
trict Attorneys.
Lawyers differ as to the probable view
the Supreme Court will take on the ques
tion. There have been many decisions
affecting the act of 1893. Section 60 has
been passed upon, it is said, and declared
unconstitutional. •
One thing seems evident — this county
will furnish the test case before the Su
preme Court. The two-year-term act was
passed in 1891.
COULEE CITY'S TRAGEDY
Three Boys Suffocated by Smoke
While Asleep in Their
Couches.
Lose Their Lives in a Fire That De
stroys a Shack in the Outskirts
of the Town.
COULEE CITY. Wash., Jan. 19.— A
small shack situated on the northern
limits of Almira was discovered to be on
fire last night. When neighbors arrived
the fire had gained considerable headway.
Henry Taylor, Henry Lewis and a
younger brother were still in the Building.
When the citizens had partially subdued
the flames their bodies wor« discovered,
all three having been suffocated by smoke
while In their beds.
Henry Taylor was a son of Isaac Taylor
of Waterville, and was visiting north of
Almira with his brother-in-law, J%hn Q.
Drinkard. He was attending a meeting at
Almira and stopped with the Lewis boys
for the night. Henry Lewis and his
brother were attending school at Almira
and were boarding themselves. The sup
position is that the boys went home after
the meeting closed, built a lire in the stove
and retired. Taylor was 17 years of age
and the Lewis boys 14 and 16 respectively.
TTBTING GUN CABBIAGES.
Drawn Over a Koad Filled With Ob-
etudes of all Kinds.
A curions track has recently been con
structed in an open space near the Artil
lery Arsenal at Spandau, Germany. This
track has been constructed for the pur
pose of testing gun carriages, wheels and
springs, used in the Artillery Park, etc.
A cable and electric machinery are used
for the propulsion of tne various vehicles
drawn over the track. This track is cov
ered in its entire length with obstacles of
all kinds.
It is built in imitation of bad roads in
one place, crossed by a ditch at another
and mountainous and difficult roads are
also represented. When a new gun is
mounted on a carriage it is brought to the
end of the track and the cable is fastened
to the pole, where ordinarily the horses
are hitched. The power is turned on and
the officers go alongside to note how the
jolting and passing of difficult places
affects the new carriage. Instead of
making these trials in the mountains at
some distance from the arsenal, the tests
can now be made in front of the building
with as much, if not better, practical
results.
ACTIVITY ill THE
WAR DEPARTMENT,
Continued from First Page.
at any point in this State within thirty
hours, duly armed and equipped for serv
ice. Nearly all of the State militia are
within a few miles of the railroads, with
the exception of ono company at Eureka,
Humboldt county. This company would
take a little longer to join the other State
forces, as it would have to come from
Eureka by water.
"In this vicinity, that is San Francisco,
San Jose, Oakland, Petalurua and Santa
Rosa, there are two regiments of infantry
of twenty companies each. Besides these
there are two naval battalions of 100 men
each, well trained and equipped for ser
vice. In fact, lam sure that if the occa
sion should demand it, we could in thirty
hours furnish the navy with 375 good and
efficient men. The naval battalion at Santa
Cruz could be called out in a very few
hours' notice.
"From San Francisco alone we can raise
twenty-five companies of infantry and cav
alry. Then in the Sacramento Valley
there is one regiment of eight companies
and a cavalry company. In the Salinas
there is also a cavalry company. In the
southern part of the State, Los Angeles
and vicinity, there are twelve companies of
infantry, one naval battalion and one cav
alry company, making in all in the State
fifty-seven companies. As I said, these
can be mobilized at any point in the State
in thirty hours.
"There is no doubt that if the ne
cessity demanded it we could increase our
National Guard to 25,000 by a very little
recruiting. In this State 203,000 men are
subject to drafting and military duty. So
it is seen that California could put a large
force in the field upon a very short notice*
"As to the equipage I will say that all
our man are well provided with arms and
ammunition. The National Guard has
several companies that are not well pro
vided with blankets and overcoats, but
blankets could be easily obtained, eithej
from the Government or private estab
lishments. It would take a little longer
to get the overcoats.
"Our arms are all in excellent condition
and the returns from the companies show
a wonderful improvement in marksman
ship. The cavalry companies are not so
well provided for as the others, having
only revolvers and sabers. They require
carbines.
"There is plenty of ammunition in the
State. Besides what the companies have
at their armories we have 75,000
rounds, 65,000 of waicb is in this City. If
necessary, we could call upon the Govern
ment for additional arms and ammuni
tion, for the arsenals are well stocked with
both, and both could be distributed upon
a very short order.
"Should there be any occasion for call
ing out the State troops I will say that the
officers and men of the National Guard
will always have the preference over all
others. It is only fair that the volunteers
should have the preference over drafted
eoldiers."
PREDICTED JBT DIt'KIXSOX.
England's. Fleet Might Block the Forts of
Cuba.
Hon. Don M. Dickinson's address on
"Cuba" before the Detroit Manufacturers'
Cliib Saturday night will now attract great
attention and bo regarded as significant.
In the course of his remarks he said that
we were not to be overawed by England's
mobilization of her fleet. Her action
might scare the German Emperor and
the ruler of the Transvaal, but if we had
not a ship or a coast defense she could not
scare us. England, he said, has had her
eye on Cuba since 1840, and he believed
that Lord Salisbury had nothing else in
view in the Venezuelan boundary dispute
j than to establish the precedent that th«
! Monroi doctrine did not obtain, and thus
I get possession of Cuba.
The time had come for every rr .nufactur
ing concern to take up the Cuban question
and press it on Congress as a matter of
business. Complications might arise at
any time. England believe.l that in Cuba
j is her only security for the payment of
Spanish loans, and almost any day the
English fleet, in spite of the Monroe doc
trine, might take possession of every
Cuban port and force the collection of this
money.
Christian Hotnen to Meet.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 19.— The
twenty-eighth annual convention of the
National Woman Suffrage Association will
be held in Washington January 23 to 28.
Miss Susan B. Anthony, president, and
Miss Harriet Taylor Uptou, treasurer of
the association, are here arranging the de
tails of the meeting.
NEW TO-DAY.
FIGHTING DEATH,
An Occupation That Everybody
Should Be Engaged In All
the Time.
Few people realize how much we can do
In warding off that grim monster, death.
Our days are not "numbered" — we cannot
determine the number ourselves,' but we
can add or subtract from it.
We are continually though nncon-
iciously doing things that shorten our life
by hours — days— yean.
We work too long, too hard ; we eat food
onsuited to us, too much or not enough ;
we overstrain certain muscles, limbs,
senses or faculties, : while others remain
unused or . undeveloped; we expose our-
selves to excessive heat or cola, to impure
air; we squander our vitality.
True, with most people these things art
the necessary consequences of the struggle
for existence. It is to the millions wno
cannot continually think of their health
that this is addressed. It is to them that
Peruvian Bitters is recommended.
With them Peruvian Bitters is to th«
body what oil is to machinery; it keeps
the entire system so toned that it works
with the least possible friction and waste
of vitality, with greatest power of resist-
ance to the germs of disease. Peruvian
Bitters is an infallible tonic, which, when
vitality has been reduced by poor diges-
tion, overwork, sickness, trouble, puts the
various functions in such normal condi-
tion that nature, unhampered, soon re-
stores wasted tissues, vigor and energy.
Mack & Co., San Francisco. All druz.
gists and dealers. :
a J?r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jbsbses
RADWAY'S
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable Stmrurn™.
a healthy action of the Liver and render theßow^U
natural in tneir operat on without griping * oweUTHE WATER GOD
STILL IN HUMOR.
Continuous Pour of His
Blessings Over the
Earth.
ALL CROPS BENEFITED.
Many Rivers Rising and Anxiety
Is Felt in Railway
Quarters.
TEE YOLO BASIN IS FLOODED.
Confidence Expressed by the Railway
Managers About Keeping Traffic
Open.
HAMENTO.CaI., Jan. 19.— 1n many
a home in this city to-night there arc anx
watchers to whose eyes no sleep will
come until they are as.-ured that their
. mies have safely arrived at the end
of their allotted night's run. These watch
re the mothers and wives of the
ts of the throttle and their accom
panying train crews, whose duties oblige
them to go dashing through the storm re
garuH-«s of the fact that at any moment a
washout may mean death.
Rivers, creeks and sloughs are high and
rising. Tlie continuance of the storm has
aroused increased anxiety among railroad
this place, and they are using
every possihle precaution to insure the
nuance of trallic facilities. The
of trackwalkers has been increased
.: ■ ent that there is hardly a
mile of track between this city and Truckee
a on which cannot be found a faith
:in plodding through the storm with
lantern in hand, carefully examining: every
rt and reporting hourly to the train
dispatcher and telegraph operators at all
tened points.
ire toiling hard and work
ls are all tired up, with waiting crews
instant readiness at central points.
material damage that has oc
to-day was a washout at Knight's
ing branch, but that has already been
i that trains can pass over it.
the road above Marysville has been
y abandoned as the water which
■~ the track for miles h:-s as yet given
as of receding.
Every train which passes over the hill
division to-night will be preceded by relays
of trackwalkers, to insure safety. As far
. ramento itself is concerned there is
absolutely no danger from flood this win
reaka in the levee, which
never been repaired, will carry all
the surplus water into the great Yolo
at Butchers' break, situated twelve
r on the Yoio side. There
is a sheet of water 100 yards long and nine
leep pouring into the basin, and at
tYoods' break, for n distance of 200 yards,
nine feet of water is leaving the
river.
The levee along the city's water front
een raised three feet this winter, and
even if the American River should get
into one of its tantrums and send down a
sea of water, the levees opposite the city
would overflow long before the water
could reach within two feet of the top of
:nento"s levees.
local railroad authorities express
selves as confident that they can
keep traffic moving, and claim that,
although there may be some stoppages of
trains, they will be brief.
J:hVDJ.\G AGAIX ZIGBTJEO.
The Difficulty at the' Electric Company
I'lnnt Overcome.
REDDING, Cal., Jan. 19.— Another rain
and wind storm broke over this city to
night, and from reports from over the
county the storm is general. The river,
creeks and small streams, which had been
unning bank lull from the terrific rain of
the past few lays, and which had begun
to fall to-day on account of the cessation
of the storm yesterday, are again rising
rapidly. Rain is now falling in torrents
ami the wind is blowing almost a gale.
The difficulty at the electric light and
•water company's plant has been overcome
and the city to-night is illuminated.and
•water is plentiful. The streets are some
what deserted, on account of the storm.
The rain has been a great boon to the
miners, and just as soon as the storm ends
mining operations throughout the country
will be resumed with vigor. The storm is
impeding building progress in this city.
Many new brick buildings are in course of
construction, and work will necessarily be
delayed.
S A -V JO AQI 1 S i: 1 V'EIiS XlSiyG.
The Mokeiumne Risen Thirteen Feet J/ur-
itnj Ttrrnty-four Hours.
STOCKTON. Cal., Jan. 19.— There has
been a steady downpour of rain through
. c valley for six hours, and all of the
streams have risen above the high-water
mark. The Mokeiumne River has risen
thirteen feet within the past twenty-four
hours, and at the Woqabridce dam the
water is pouring over the works in a stream
six feet in depth. Miner"s channel, run
ning through this city from east to west,
has changed from a ditch to a river and
Mormon channel is rapidly rilling with
water from the upper country.
Htion to '/*<■ J^otnpoc Valley.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 19.— The
present rains have been very welcome to
all, but more especially to the dairymen of
the Loin roc region, whose stock have suf
becattse of the dryness and the con
sequent lack of feed." Had the drouth
lasted three weeks longer hundreds of
catile would have left their bones bleach
ing on the plains.
JCrjoicina at Fresno.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 19.— A gentle rain
Logan fulling here at 8 o'clock, with pros
pects of continuing throughout the night.
This is a matter for congratulation among
orchardists ami vineyardists in the valley,
because only about an inch has fallen so
far here this season.
linwufnll at San Jo.m.
SA > JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— The rainfall
for twonty-four hours, ending at 12 o'clock
.! slit, was .59 of an inch, making a
total of 2.93 inches for the storm. The
rainfall for the season to date is. 5.04 inches.
Up to the same date last year 16.17 inches
bad fallen.
HEATH Of AS AUBURX MA.X.
Took Hundreds of Tnoticandu of Dollars
(tut of tlin Ground, but lticd Poor.
AUBURN, Cal., Jan. 19.— Doc Shurt
leff, one of the best known mining charac
ters hereabouts, died in Sacramento yes
terday. Although he had taken out over
$10«\t)00 from the Ophir mines near Au
burn during the past twenty years, he
died without a dollar.
He was a phenomenal gold-hunter, and
after spending the fortune he had taken
out of one hole in the ground he would
not be long*n findine another.
QUEER TRAMP AT PHCEXIX.
He la Educated and Took to the Road
From Choice.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 19.— George Wil
liam Harris, after serving a sixty-day
sentence for vagrancy, was released from
jail here to-day. He is probably the most
unique character that was ever incarcerated
here, as he frankly admits his good family,
education and early advantages.
He said, however, that he determined to
become a tramp several years ago and has
been one ever since.
He arrived at this determination because,
he said, fate is against him. When he left,
he placed in the hands of Jailor Boyle a
perfect representation of a twenty-page
newspaper fully illustrated and containing
all the regular departments, all of which
were done with an ordinary pen and the
work is very fine. He is the same man
who did something similar in the Oakland
jail several year? ago. He Bays he i 3
acquainted w'itn all the jails of the coun
try.
SEATTLE LVMBKR COSTRACT.
Port Blaktley MiUm Engage for Three
Hundred Million feet of Logs.
SEATTLE. Wash., Jan. 19.— Last Satur
day Sol Simpson, of this city, entered into
a contract to cut and deliver to the Port
Blakeley Mill Company eight, hundred
million feet of lojrs, constituting what the
local loggers say is the biggest deal of the
kind ever made.
By the terms of the contract the delivery
extends over a period of ten years. The
logs are to be selected principally from
timber standing between Olympia and
Grays Harbor. During the building of
their road the Northern Pacific Company
gave a single contract for nine million feet
of loss, and that at that time was con
sidered a mammoth timber transaction.
MILL VALLEY SONG BIRDS
A Movement on Foot to Import
Several Species From
England.
Differences Between the American
and Foreign Thrush, Blackbird
and Skylark.
MILL VALLEY, Cat-., Jan. 18.— Some
gentlemen, noticing the absence of song
birds in Mill Valley and yearning for the
sweet music of the feathered songsters of
their native land, have long been wishing
to start a concerted movement and import
some songsters from Europe.
Louis L. Janes, secretary of the Tamal
pais Land and Water Company, and,
therefore, a representative of the paternal
local government, was approached, and he
at once advised that the Mill Valley Im
provement Club be communicated with
upon the subject. Some influential gen
tlemen called upon Secretary Thomas Fot
trell and laid the matter before him.
Judge Fottrell said: I think the idea a
good one and will give you every assist
ance in my power regardless of what the
club may do in the matter. You have
mentioned the blackbird, thrush and sky
lark. These would be excellent species of
birds to import, and would thrive well in
MilJ Valley. The Irish blackbird must
not be confounded with the American
species. The Turdus merula, the blackbird
of the British isles, is somewhat similar
in shar>e and size to theOriolus phcenicens
or red-winged blackbird of America.
The skylark, known as the Alauda
avensis, when in song, keeps mounting,
and sings as he flies. He must not be con
founded with your mucii larger meadow
lark, or Alauda magna. He is not a perch
ing bird, but lives and builds his nest upon
the ground.
The thrush is a detirostral sinping bird,
brown in color, and is known in science as
the Merula musica. His song is loud.^ind
he has many notes similar to the mocking
bird of this country. He would do well
here. He builds his nest, generally, in a
tree near a running stream.
I would like to have the Irish breed of
these birds in preference to that of other
parts of the British islands. The Limerick
thrush, like the Limerick girl, is famous
for its fullness of form and note. The
Wicklow skylark inspired Moore to sing
in verse, as did his English brother sug
gest the song of Shelley.
SHOLTO AT MARYSVILLE
My Lord and Lady Are Starring
the State With Their
Company.
The Favorite Son of Queensberry De
nies That He Has Been
Disinherited.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 19.— Lord
Sholto Douglas, the youthful husband of
the sprite little dame who was formerly
Loretta Addis, was in MarysviJle yester
day with his theatrical company. He says
the cablegram from London announcing
that his father had cut off his al
lowance of |1500 is an invention pure^ajid
simple.
"My father knows I am married to a
California actress, and he is not trying to
control mv actions at all. He does not
care. lam not worrying."
"If he has cut him off," interposed Lady
Douglas, who was present, "we'll fix him.
We' 11 take a trip to London and organize
a company and both go on the stage there,
using our titles just as we do here. That
will bring him around. We do this be
cause we think he 'has no kick coming.'
My name and title in English society's
blue book? Why not? I'm his wife, a"nd
they will certainly recognize me."
His lordship, Lady Douglas and their
company left for Oroville by stage, a dis
tance of thirty-two miles, in a pelting
rain this afternoon. They play there to
morrow night and floods having cut off
railroad connection this was the only way
to make the trip.
JfLUCKT CHICAGO DRVMVLER.
Attacked by a Mghuayman at Vhrrnir,
He Turn* the Tables.
PHCENIX, Ariz., Jan. 19.— An attempt
was made here last night to rob W. S. Cox,
a Chicago drummer.
Mr. Cox had spent the evening at the
Maricopa Club and started for his hotel
about 4 o'clock. As he got away from the
center of the city and when near the cor
ner of Fourth and Van Buren streets, the
highwayman stepped out and ordered him
to throw up his .hands.
I^otwitlistandine the fact that he was
covered Mr. Cox determined to run for it.
The robber followed, emptying his re
volver as he ran. Mr. Cox counted the
shots and when he reached the sixth
turned on his pursuer with a club he found
in the roadway.
The robber emulated the example first
set by Mr Cox, and the tables were turned
until the Southern Pacific Railroad yards
were reached, when the daring highway
man escaped. Mr. Cox saved a large sum
of money, but had his hat and clothes
ruined by Hying bullets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
PASSED AWAY
AT PASO ROBLES.
Death of Dr. Somerset Rob
inson, a Retired Officer
of the Navy.
A REMARKABLE MAN.
Became a Spiritualist During the
Declining Years of His
Life.
ONCE HE WAS ALMOST STARVED,
But the Surgeon Made a Good Record
While in the Service of
the Nation.
PASO ROBLES, Cal., Jan. 19. — Dr.
Somerset Robinson, U. S. N. (retired), died
at his residence here to-day. He had been
in poor health for a long time and the end
was not unexpected. No man in this sec
tion of the State was better known than
Dr. Robinson. He was unmarried and
just (50 years of age. He was a native of
Maryland and entered ihe navy in 1861.
He served with distinction durine the
Civil War, most of the time being attached
to the gulf squadron. In 1881 he was
fleet surgeon of the North Atlantic squad
ron, and from 1884 to 1886 was in charge of
the Naval Hospital at Mare Island. He
was retired in 1887 and soon afterward lo
cated in this village, where he has since
resided.
While one of the most eccentric charac
ters in the State, he always displayed
qualities which won for him the respect
and love of his fellows, and his gentleness
of nature, generosity and hospitality were
proverbial.
Before his retirement he was afflicted
with rheumatic gout, and as inheritances
and lucky investments in Washington real
estate provided him with plenty of means
he traveled extensively for relief, visiting
famous doctors and famous springs. Hs
journeyed on his quest for health until he
found his first considerable relief in the hot
springs in Paso Robles, and he decided
to spend here the rest of his life. With
this end in view he set about surrounding
himself with all the comforts and luxuries
that his tastes craved.
Securing fifteen acres of land on a steep
hill not far back of the Hotel de Paso Robles
he lavished money in its adornment. He
built a large brick house of Southern type,
with wide verandas encircling each story.
A highway ran through his grounds, and
the smaller portion across from his house
he made a garden of wonderful beauty,
with flowers, shrubs and trees arranged
with much taste for landscape effects, but
never trimmed, for he believed that a tree
was most beautiful when it grew as God
made it grow. In these ornamental grounds
he pJaceda large pond, which was stocked
with goldfish and water-lilies, and under
the roadway r>e built an expensive tunnel
for a private passageway.
About his house were many flowers and
ornamental trees, and up the hill to the
rear his grounds became vineyards and or
chards, full of variety, in which he took
much pride. Though his life had been
lareely passed on salt water, he had in his
quarters on board many a ship acquired
wisdom about chickens, fruit-trees, the
most scientific ways of draining wet land,
etc. Perhaps he was born for a pastoral
life, and that streak in his nature asserted
itself when he indulged in fancies; but at
any rate the man whose active life had
been devoted to doctoring marines and
Jack tars could give pointers to San Luis
ODispo farmers when he went to Paso Ro
bles. So it was an expert that superin
tended the fifteen acres of flowers and
fruits.
H:s residence he furnished with simple
elegance, but he made it, too, his own ideal
of comfort. His library was large, and in
his grounds were all sorts of summer
houses fashioned to filter every harshness
from the sun and wind and to afford every
means of extracting enjoyment that the
hours could bring there. Few people
would build a summer house up in a big
live oak tree, but that was what Dr. Rob
inson did, and lie didn't care whether any
body laughed or not.
By day the Robinson place was always
a gem of striking beauty seen from the
town below, but at night it was still more
noticeable. The big house was filled with
incandescent lights, while outside and on
a tower rising above the roof arc lights
with colored globes were placed. These
always burned brightly far into the night,
and one of the doctor's peculiarities was
to always leave his door 3 wide open at
night through some strange notion that
was nobody's business; the house aiways
suggested to a stranger at midnight that
some great social event must be going on
up there. Many a patient, sleepless in the
small hours in the hotel below, has
watched the weird radiance up on the
hill and gone to sleep to let strange night
mares come.
In that place of beauty Dr. Robinson
lived the life of his choosing for nine
years, and there he indulged every wish
that could be indulged up to the time
when his health gave way. His house
work and his assistance and service about
his home and place were furnished by two
elderly men. No woman ever set foot on
his property if he could help it. He had
for many years showed an intense dislike
! for the society of females, and would al- i
ways avoid meeting ladies that he well
knew if he could do so. The reasons of
his being a woman-hater are not generally
known, and that has been accounted
merely one of his peculiarities.
But though no ties of friendship rootod
him to the hearth, and though woman's
presence was unwelcome, Robinson was no
recluse. When in health he went to the
postoffice downtown daily, and generally
welcomed strangers with a warm hospital
ity. When his naval or other friends came
to see him his hospitality was princely,
and his checkbook was always at their dis-
I posal. He liked to go to Mare Island fre
quently, and when there would visit a
friend who is a butcher aud with whom he
liked to discuss the best and most scientific
ways of killing cattle and such practical
questions.
Not less noticeable than his peculiarities
of manner and living was his appearance.
His face much resembled that of Edwin
Booth, a fact of which he was proud. It
was strong, expressive and intellectual.
His hair was always worn long and he
never touched it with brush or comb. He
always dressed his long dark locks by run
ning his fineers through them from his
forehead backward. His physique was
striking and his manner somewhat tragic.
His hat was invariably a stovepipe, gen
erally tilted back. When in the service
he suffered much discomfort when com
pelled by naval regulations to attend some
function that required full-dress uniform,
with brass buttons and gold braid. He
liked civilian's attire and never cared
whether the cut was fashionable or not.
When he was in cnarge of the naval
hospital at Mare Island this cultured man
and tireless student liked the society of an
old stableman named "Barney" better
than that of most anybody else. He and
Barney would pace the stable-yard for
hours discussing the raising of chickens
and turkeys and such things as Barney's
experience and the doctor's reading had
given them a common interest in. He
was always lovad by his inferiors in the
service, ard while he was recognized as a
man of great executive ability it is said
that he was never known to speak harshly
to any one.
The doctor's aversion to cats was even
stronger than his aversion to women. In
a case of cats he would kill one whenever
he could, and he generally used a small
rifle, with which he was expert.
The peculiarities most talked about
among those who knew him were, per
haps, his gastronomic tasles. He was al
ways making strange experiments in the
kitchen. While serving on the Asiatic
station he learned to appreciate the deli
ciousness of the Japanese eels. Later he
proved by experiment that the American
rattlesnake is even a greater delicacy than
the Japanese eel. It took considerable ex
perimenting to acquire the highest art of
frying rattlesnakes, but he acquired it and
was happy.
It is said that another toothsome dish
he discovered was afforded by young rats.
He would take rodents when quite young
and feed them for forty days on wheat to
fatten them, and then he would have
them served in a ragout, for which he
found them superior to rabbits. He was
always a great smoker, and his taste for
the weed was gratified by the choicest
brands of tobacco from all over the world.
Champagne was his favorite beverage, oc
casionally varied with a special brand of
good old French brandy.
During the years he spent in retirement
at Paso Robles he gratified himself to the
full, but his intellectual taste was in the
ascendency. He passed his time largely
in the study of abstruse subjects, and
especially of spiritualism ana the occult.
Dr. Robinson's belief in spiritualism was
quite strong, and about a year ago he be
came so infatuated with its myuteries that
he was completely under the control of
the spirits. Ho said that the forms of his
friends had gathered around him and
becKoned him alluringly to their happier
world. He trustfully tried to cross to
them, and not being willing to take his
own life in any of the usual ways he de
cided to starve himself to death. In this
he would have probably succeeded had it
not been that an old naval friend happened
to arrive at the springs at the time and he
induced his comrade to linger a while
among the living. A mutual friend, the
medical director at Mare Island, was
hastily summoned, and when he left Dr.
Robinson's bedside the latter had been in
duced to resume eating. Since tuen, how
ever, he rarely left his house and his
physical strength failed gradually until he
passed away.
Dr. Robinson's only relatives reside in
Maryland. He owned considerable real
estate in the city of Washington besides
property here and in Yallejo.
NEWS OF PORT ANGELES
Instance of How Rapidly News
Travels Among the
Indians.
An Effort Being Made to Secure Re
moval of the Puget Sound
Tug-Boat Company.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 19.-A
remarkable instance of the manner in
which news among the Indian tribes
travels over the United States has been
brought to notice by letters from the
United States Attorney -General to Attor
ney W. L. Marquardt of this city.
The letter states that the news of the
killing of Phillip Brown, an Indian on the
Ozette reservation in this county, has
reached the Indian tribes in several States
and that the fact that the man who com
mitted the deed has gone unpunished is
likely to cause trouble.
Henry Anderson killed Phillip last sum
mer in a quarrel over sealskins, and, on
being brought here for trial, was liberated
on habeas corpus on the ground that this
court had no /jurisdiction. Judge Han
ford of Seattle rendered a similar decision
when the case was in his court and An
derson was set at liberty.
A warrant was sent to Seattle this week
for Anderson's arrest, but it waa found
that he had escaped on the sealing
schooner St. Lawrence, bound for Japan.
When the schooner put in at Xeah Bay
the Indiana there soon discovered that the
man who had killed Phillip was on board
and an Indian policeman tried to arrest
him, but was prevented by the interfer
ence of the captain. Sheriff Dyke was
wired for and left this city on a tug for
Neah Bay, but on his arrival he found that
Anderson had disappeared. W r ord was re
ceived to-day that he had been captured
by a deputy sheriff and will be brought to
this city.
P UGET SO UXD TUGBOAT COMPACT.
Offer Made for Its Removal Front Port
Townsend to Port Angeles.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 19.— An
effort is being made here to secure the re
moval of the headquarters of the Puget
Sound Tugboat Company from Port Town
send to this city.
The company has announced its inten
tion of moving from Port Townsend to
Utsalady. The reason for this change is
that during the past year their city and
county taxes have been raised 90 per cent.
President C. E. Mallette of the Chamber of
Commerce of this city has wired the tug
hoat company that no water charges and
no taxation for five years are the induce
ments offered for five years if the company
will remove its headquarters to this port.
The geographical location of this city
and its excellent harbor would make it a
most desirable point on the sound for the
company to select.
A Tulare Glove Contest.
TDLARE, Cal., Jan. 19.— The glove con
test for points and a purse of $250 between
Billy Ross of Visalia and MikeMcCormack
of Arizona was won by Ross in eight
rounds. In the last ronnd both men for
got themselves and the 3logging was sim
ply terrific, both men receiving severe pun
ishment. Peace officers were on hand to
see that the gloves, etc., were within the
law.
Henltle'g Unanimous Family.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 19.— Three mem
bers of the Fagan family— father and two
sons — met face to face in the City Jail this
morning, they having been imprisoned by
the police during the night. James Fagan,
the sire, and his son Sylvester were locked
up for drunkenness, while Frank stands
accused of a more serious offense, theft
FIRED UPON BY
PORTLAND THUGS
Officer Wilhelm Exchanges
Shots With a Pair of
Footpads.
THEIR AIM IS POOR.
Neither the Policeman Nor His
Assailants Injured in
the Affray.
HOLD-UPS ON THE EAST SIDE.
An Unknown Man the Latest Victim
of the Gang That Is Halting
Pedestrians.
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 19.— The usual
east side hold-up to took place about 11 :30
o'clock last night at East Morrison and
East Ninth streets. The name of the vic
tim and the extent of his loss are not
kno^rn to the police.
Patrolman Wilhelm was coming down
East Morrison street, when a man rushed
up to him and said he had been held up
and robbed by two men at the corner of
Ninth street a few minutes before. Officer
Wilhelm ran back with the man to the
scene of the hold-up, which is on an ele
vated plank railway. At the corner of
Ninth street is an open shed, in which
stand several wagons, and as they neared
this spot the man pointed it out to the
officer as the place where he was robbed.
Officer Wilhelm decided to make a closer
investigation of the premises and had ap
proached to within ten feet of the building
when the figures of two men suddenly
emerged from the darkness and two shots
were fired at the officer, fortunately miss
ing him. No sooner were the shots fired
than the victim of the hold-up took to his
heels and disappeared, but the policeman
made a stand, and, as the thugs rushed by
him, he fired several shots at them. None
took effect and the two men made for the
side of the plank road, over which they
leaped and quickly disappeared beneath
the bridge.
By that time several citizens who had
been attracted by the shots arrived and
Officer Wilhelm had them mount guard on
one side of the roadway while he watched
on the other. A few minutes later the
patrol-wagon arrived and Officer Wilhelm,
assisted by Officer Nicolai, made a search
beneath the roadway for the two highway
men, but they were not to be found.
Neither was the victim of the hold-up,
when he was subsequently looked for in
the crowd, and as he had neglected to tell
the policeman his name and what he had
lost the officers had to be content with
very meager particulars of the affair.
HIS 1.M.K1.1t TOO MUCH.
Ganulity of an Alameda Thief Lead* to
Hit Arrott.
PORTLAND, Oregox, Jan. 19.— Philip
Krall's boastful nature has got him into
serious trouble. During the series of hold
ups on the east side he had dropped cer
tain remarks intimating that he knew
something concerning them, and was not
at all averse to posing as the hero of the
sorties. As a result he last night found
himself in the custody of the detectives,
but it was quickly discovered that Krall
had only been romancing, and, not stop
ping at that, had broueht in the names of
innocent parties whom he had claimed as
his accomplices.
Krall would have been well satisfied to
be dismissed as a liar, but while he was
squaring himself with Chief Minto De
tectives Griffin and Holsapple were other
wise employed. Both were going over
some records, at times taking furtive
glances at the suspect until they came
upon the description of a man wanted in
Alameda, Cal., and further investigation
stopped.
Krall is wanted in California for stealing
$50 from an Alameda creamery, and when
charged witn the crime made no denial of
his being the man. He came to Portland
several weeks ago, went to Fisher's Land
ing, where he worked for a while, and then
to Boise City, Idaho, whence he returned
to Portland. The Alameda officials were
notified of the arrest of the man and Krall
will soon go there for trial.
STOLE I- ROM THE MAILS.
Portland Officers Capture a Xorth Da-
koto, Criminal.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 19.— Joseph Wai
ters, wanted in Bismarck, N. D., for unlaw
fully taking a letter from the Postoffice
and appropriating a check which it con
tained, was arrested last night by Deputy
United States Marshal Humphreys. Wai
ters was followed to this city by Special
Agent E. C. Clement. The warrant for
the arrest of Walters charges that he stole
from the Postoffice at Bismarck a letter
addressed to Joseph Weber, containing a
draft dated at Sioux City, lowa, for $18 75,
drawn by H. F. Hedges, captain of the
United States engineer corps, in favor of
Joseph Weber.
THE LATE-STANFORD NEWS
Result of the Final Debate of the
Preliminaries for the Inter
collegiate.
Winning Trio Elected to Represent
Stanford in the Intercol-
legiate Debate.
BTANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., Jan.
19.— The debate last evening was the final
of the preliminaries and was fully as in
teresting as any of the whole series. Inas
much as the evening was free to students,
the attendance was better than at any
previous debates this semester. This may
be attributed, however, partly to the fact
that the judges were to announce the
name of Stanford's representative after the
debate was ended.
J. M. Ross, arguing on the negative side
of the question, "Resolved, that the pro
tective tariff policy has been detrimental
to the best interests of American agricul
ture," made the best showing of the four
speakers.
It was a foregone conclusion when he
finished his argument that he would
be one of tbe winning trio. Evi
dently the judges were practically of one
opinion when they retired, for they soon
returned from their deliberation and an
nounced their decision. A. M. Cathcart
'96, H. D. Sheldon '96 and J. M. Ross '97
were the names announced, while W. P.
Harrington, '96, was named as substitute.
The announcement was met with enthusi
astic cheers, and the selection is certainly
approved in every instance by the students
generally.
A. M. Cathcart is without doubt one of
Stanford's strongest debaters. Two years
ago he was entered by Stanford in her de
bate with Berkeley. Stanford that year
won her debate. Cathcart is a member of
the Euphonian Literary Society and is
noted as a forcible speaker. He is 22 years
old and entered Stanford from Chaffey
College, Ontario, Cal. History is Mr.
Cathcart's major study. As a speaker
Cathcart is logical, fluent and forcible. He
depends on facts well put rather than on
eloquence.
H. D. Sheldon, the second Stanford
man, is also a history student and a mem
ber of the senior class. At the present
time Sheldon is president of the Associ
ated Students and has made an enviable
record as the most enenretie president that
association has ever had. Mr. Sheldon
was a debater before entering Stanford,
having taken part in debates with the
University of the Pacific. He also repre
sented Stanford last year against Berke
ley in the Carnot medal contest. He, too.
belongs to Euphonia. He 13 a clear
thinker, a fluent speaker and is specially
strong in arraying his propositions.
J. M, Ro3s, '97, is another good speaker
and has lately attracted special mention
by winning the Lubln $100 prize. Ross is
a member of the Alpha Literary Society
and is aij ex-president of his class. He
practiced debating in the Ohio high school,
from which he comes. Mr. Ross is study
ing law.
W. P. Harrington, '96, was selected as
substitute. He is an economic student
and in last year's contest he made a good
record as an easy speaker and clear rea
soner, In case any of the others are una
ble to participate Harrington will do his
sha/e toward putting up winning argu
ments.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
A Million-Dollar Benefit to Santa
Clara From the
Rains.
An Important Suit for the Division
of $40,000 of Landed
Property.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 18. — Colonel
Philo Hersey, president of the Santa
Clara County Fruit Exchange, said yes
terday in speaking of the benefits accru
ing to the fruit interests from the late
storm:
"The rain we have just nad means sev
eral millions of dollars to the people of
Santa Clara Valley. One more such storm
and a few showers to keep the ground
moist and we will be assured of a good
crop as far as rain is concerned.
"The rain came at a time when the trees
were ready to receive it. With a moderate
amount of rain and a safe passage through
the frost dangers it is thought that this
county will have a fruit crop seldom be
fore equaled. A large number of acres of
new orchards come into bearing this year,
which will materially increase the fruit
crop.
"Under favorable conditions it is esti
mated that the prune crop of the year will
equal 80,000,000 pounds against 40,000,000
poun ds last year. Hundreds of acres of
land are being set out in prune trees this
season, and the demand for trees has been
so great that several nurserymen£have
raised the price of their trees."
It is expected that the fruit market will
pick up about the Ist of February, and
what little remains of last year's crop will
be quickly closed out.
A mass-meeting of fruit-growers will be
bela in this City between the Ist and 15tli
of February to discuss means for extend
ing the market in the East for California
dried fruits.
DIVISION OF PROPERTY WANTED.
Houses and Land* Valued at $40,000
Are to Be Cut Up.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— George
Scherrer yesterday began suit against Mrs.
Laura Klein to have the property on the
northwest corner of Santa Clara and First
streets partitioned and divided equally be
tween himself, Louisa Hartmann Wallach
and Mrs. Laura Klein. The property and
building improvements are valued at
$40,000.
After alleging the various interests
owned by the parties, the complaint avers
tnat it is necessary that a partition be had,
and the court is [asked to make a proper
division. In case this can not be done,
then it is the wish of the plaintiff to have
the property sold and the proceeds
equally divided. Upon filing of the com
plaint with the clerk a Us pendens was re*
corded in the office of the County Re
corder.
TITO COOI ROBBERS.
Enter a House at Alviso and Are Profit
-i v ' V ' ably at Home. ■..•,•'■ _.v ;
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— unknown
young men, neither over 21 years of age,
rode up to Harry Wade's place at Alviso
this afternoon, and, after dismounting,
coolly walked into the house and took
possession of a gold watch, and several
other articles of value.
The robbers were pursued several miles
by Harry Wade, but his horse gave out,
and the youthful bandits made good their
escape with the plunder. The officers
have no clue as to the destination of the
fugitives.
Funeral of Dr. Cory.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 19.— The funeral
of Dr. Benjamin Cory, a pioneer physician
of this coast, was held this afternoon from
the Second Presbyterian church. The
funeral was largely attended. The Medi
cal Society and San Jose Lodge No. 10, F.
and A. M., attended in force.
A. 3>tr Weekly Paper.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jau. 19.— Santa Clara
is to have a new weekly paper to be called
the News. L. C. McKenney is named as
editor and publisher. It will make its ap
pearance about February 1.
Barnato in a Police Court.
Last Thursday Mr. Hyam Benjamin, a
stockbroker of Pembroke gardens, Ken
sington, was charged at Marlborough-strcet
Police Court under the bankruptcy act
with obtaining credit for £81 without dis
closing the fact that he was an undis
charged bankrupt, and remanded on bail
in the sum of £400. A gentleman yesterday
stepped into the witness-box, and offered
to become surety for him. Mr. Hannay —
What is your name, sir? The gentle
man — Barnato. Mr. Hannay — Where do
you live? Mr. Barnato — Spencer
House, St. James. Mr. George Bell
(solicitor for Mr. Benjamin): Are you
worth £400, Mr. Barnato, after paying
your just and lawful debts? Mr. Barnato:
Yes. Mr. Hannay: What rent do you
pay? Mr. Barnato: £2000 a year, and I
have freehold property in the neighbor
hood of Park lane. Mr. Hannay: What
are you? Mr. Barnato: A diamond mer
chant, and director of several com
panies. Mr. Hannay: You will be
accepted as bail, sir. As Mr. Bar
nato was about to leave the court, Mr.
Hannay was informed that he was the Mr.
Barnato of South Africa. On hearing this
Mr. Hannay said that he was not aware
that the gentleman was the Mr. Barnato
a remark that caused some laughter.
London Chronicle.
BIG WHALES OF
MONTEREY BAY
A New York Company Or
ganized for Their
Capture.
EXTENSIVE PLANS MADE.
A Large Capital Leaves but
Little Doubt of Their
. Success.
STATION TO BE ESTABLISHED.
The Oil to Be Shipped to New York
During the First Six
Months.
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. 19.— The kill
ing of a calf whale in Monterey Bay a few
weeks ago is likely to lead to results most
important to the city of Monterey.
Arrangements have just about been com
pleted by which an experimental whalinst
outfit is to be placed here. The project is
backed by New York parties and there
will be no lack of capital to make the ven
ture a success. C. S. FackenthaLl, their
representative here, is enthusiastic on the
subject and says that money will not be
spared to make the equipments first-class
in all respects.
The scheme is this: To put in two large
whaling boats with complete whaling out
fits, such as bombs, gun?, harpoons and
all other necessary accouterments for the
chase and capture of the huge leviathan,
on a six months' trial.
Captain Pedro, who has had many years
experience as a whaler, will be put in com
mand of the boats with orders to take all
kinds of oil-bearing fish. The oil will be
shipped direct to New York to be there
disposed of.
At the end of the six months, if the
balance is on the right side of the ledger,
an oil-refining plant on the most extensive
scale will be put in and the fleet of boata
added to as necessity may demand.
The investment will undoubtedly prove
a profitable one, as the whales are again
making Monterey Bay a rendezvous.
Scarcely a day passes that several of the
mammals are not seen sporting in its
placid waters.
X.ASKISR THE CHAMPION,
Wlna the International diets Tourna
ment at St. Petertburg.
ST. PETERSBURG, Rubsia, Jan 19.—
The final sitting in the fifth round of the
international chess masters' tournament
took place to-day, the result being as fol
lows: Lasker and Pillsbury drew after
forty-nine moves. Tschigorin beat Steinita
after forty-four moves. The openings
were queen's gambit, declined in both
game.
The record up to date is : Lasker won
9)4, lost S I A; Pillsbury won 7, lost 8;
Steinitz won I\4, lost ~y 2 ; Tschigorin won
6, lost 9.
Easy
Soothing
Comforting
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
_________
Easy
Soothing
Comforting
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
Easy
Soothing
Comforting
Joy's
Vegetable
Sarsaparilla
34
GENERAL STRIKE FAVORED
A Socialistic View of the Solu
tion of the Labor
Problem.
STRUGGLE AGAINST CAPITAL
Morrison I. Swift Lectures on "Strikes."
His Plan for a Final Labor
Struggle.
Morrison I. Swift delivered a lecture last
evening in Alcazar Hall on "strikes" to a
highly appreciative audience. Mr. Swift's
discourse was a graphic portrayal of labor
troubles and their frequent culmination
in strikes, and its dominant thought was
directed toward a solution by means of a
general national strike, to accomplish
which the speaker presented an elaborate
Bcheme for workingmen to consider.
"So much is charged upon the foreign
laborer in this country," Mr. Swift said,
"that many chambers of commerce uad
church members have invented the ornate
conclusion that the native workingraan
woul- be as Happy, saintly and tractable
as a ' loved house dog if the foreign ad
versa y did not distress and stir him up.
But we cannot shed our sins upon for-
eigners any longer. We are just as great
sinners as there are upon earth, and the
large opportunities we had, with the good
Puritan principles of love and equality
which we imbibed, convict us of being
low in the human scale. We are hypo
crites beyond all ordinary and tolerable
hypocrisy. We have a religion of love,
fairness and equality, and on oended
knees we declare before God that we be
lieve in it; but if any one seeks to carry
this religion out iv society we put him in
jail or kill trim.
•That last lingering illusion that for
eigners are the basis of American indus
trial troubles is destined for the land of
fable. It is only the non-industrial classes
that need proof of this, and for tiiem there
can bo no stronger proof than the narra
tive or a strike of Americans, toM by an
American. 1 '
This narrative was the synopsis of the
Aubu m (Maine) strike of shoe operatives.
The wages of stitchers were reduced 35 to
40 per cent in August, 1593, and this pre
cipitated the greatest struggle which "has
ever occurred in the history of the shoe
trade. Tho strikers were nearly all Arme
nians— 2650 of them— and when the em
ployers found that they could not win they
sent to Hudson. Massachusetts, for Amer
icans to take the places of the people who
had toiled for years and built up the city
of Auburn. In the struggle the people
were prohibited from exercising such
rights as standing upon the streets, pub
lishing notices of the lock-out, or speaking
to people who came in search o£ employ
ment. Besides, oppressive requirements
were demanded of employes going back to
work. But out of the 2550 people only 250
returned to the shops and 500 left the place
forever.
This and other strikes were quoted to
show that they fail almost without excep
tion, because the ••capitalists play a
stronger came." "The iaea of a general!
strike,' Mr. Swift said, "grows from the
realization that the partial strike is never |
final and is often futile. Repeated failures i
of strikes, in which the strikers were right, j
have taught the workers that tne strike is
a broken staff to lean upon.'
The speaker stated that while employers
unite against a common enemy the work- j
men fritter away their strength righting !
one another. But defeat at last creates !
working class loyalty aud the sympathetic
strike makes its appearance. Tnis he held
to be the highest fruit of modern industrial
conditions. He went on to show that in j
tne struggle between labor and capital the !
National or universal strike would be suc
cessful. With labor united throughout the
land, society wouid be powerless, the Gov
ernment helpless, the country paralyzed,
and in a few days society would be coni
peileii to decide once for all wuether to do
justice to the working classes.
TEE HANDBALL COURTS.
Champion Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet
Defeat Champion Harlow and
Al Pennoyer.
Tne amateur handball champion P. T.
Donnelly and T. F. Bonnet are carrying
things with a high hand by a succession
of victories that places them in an im
pregnable position. There is not an ama
teur team in the United States that could
beat them and very few professional teams.
Yesterday they added another to their list
of victories by defeating J. Harlow, the
coast professional champion, and Al Pen
noyer at the San Francisco court by three
games to one. The court wa3 crowded and
the play was watched with the keenest in
terest.
Dan O'Brien made the mistake of his
life by not resting on his laurels after de
feating Phil Ryan, the genial proprietor
of the San Francisco court, Sunday before
last. He felt so elated and so sure of re
peating the dose that he challenged Phil
to play a match yesterday. To his utter
amazement he was defeated in three
straight games and in the third he did not
get an ace.
The usual crowd was at the Occidental
Court and the lesser lights, taking advan
tage of the absence of the "crackcrjacks,"
made things as lively as possible. On
Wednesday evening J. C. Nealon, the vet
eran, and John Purcell will play against
to. J. Kilgallon, the Denver champion, and
P.. Linehan, the overhand swiper, and the
preliminary game will be between C. J.
McGlynn and P. H. Goessel. the heavy
weight champions, and D. M. Stanley and
P. F. McCormick, old-time rivals.
The event of the day at the Union Court
was a match between R. .Linehan and T.
Linehan and J. J. Feeney and Terry Mi-
Manus. It was a close game from start to
finish and was won by theLinehans owing
to the overhand swiping of Dick.
Following were the games played in the
different courts yesterciav:
San Francisco court— P. Ryan and J. Rodgers
played Q. McDonald and >I. McNeil and each
side won a rub. G. Ward and Tnomas Rran
defeated J. Brown and P. Barry, 21— 11 19—
21—14. W. c ' all * han and J. Sweeney defeated
J. O'Neil and W. Manning. 21—16 12—21
21—8. J. C»ssldy and M. O'Donnell defeated D
Sullivan and c. Collopv, 21— 9 14— i i "I—l 7
P. Ryan defeated D.o ßrien,2l— 12 2*l-^-6 *>I— 6
Occidental court— C. Kane and J. Ileaiy de
sate,5 ate , A. G. Green a d C - H. Cofield, 21-16,
3 7 r 21 21 T~ 14 - "J 0^ Bajcter and D. E. Conden
defeated James J. O'Brien and J. McCarthy,
16-21, 21-18,21-17. P. F. McCormick ana
D. M. Stanley defeated C. J. McGlynn and p H
Goessel, the heavy-weight team, 21— 19—21*
21—13. Al Collins and W. Jacobs defeated j'
Shaw and Ben Clemmens, 21—13 15— 21—
18. T. Degnan and M. F. KcCormick defeated
T. Desmond and J. Coleman,2l— 14 16— '> l
21—15. J. E. O'Meraaml A. ii. McKe'rron de
feated A. C. Bauer and P. c. Vaughn, 21—14
16-21, 21-15. Lou Hardie and J. Hanllin de
feated J. Coakley and VV. Collins, 21—15
11-21, 21—17. H. R. French and T.JFennessy'
the Acme Club champions defeated, Al Collins
and John Purcell, 521-15, 21-17, 16— "1
12-21, 21-19. J. Collins and X Ed
•wards defeated D. Regan and J. White
21-14, 10-21, 21-19. J. Slatterv and
P. Hutchinsou defeated 1). Connolly and
George Hutcninson, 21—16, 19— 21,, 21—18.
P. Donnelly, the amateur champion, and T.F
Bonnet defeated J. Harlow, the coast cham
pion, and Al Pennoyer, 14—21,21—10, 21—17
12—14. " . '
Union court— H. Batzner and H. McKenney
defeated J. McKenna , and Dan Doughertv
19—21, 21—17, 21—18. Jim Jordan and T.
Lenihan defeated William Keough and 11.
Kenealy, 21—15, 19—21, 21—18. Tom Sharkey,
the marine, and W. Smith defeated M. Mc-
Manus and Sam Barber, 21—15, 16—21, 21—18.
J. JlcGwinn and P. Johnson defeated Lou
Juttings and P.Casserly, 21, 18—17, 21—21, 19.
F. J. Edmont and Lou Magner defeated C. F.
Charlo and James 805t0,21, 18—19,21—21, 19.
! John McGrath defeated P. Stapleton, 16, 21—
21, 17—21, 13. R. Lenihan and T. Lenihan de
feated J. J. Feeney and Terry McManus, 21,
17—21, 19—16, 21—18. 21—21, 20.
BARNEY HE-ELECTED.
Reorganization of the County Committee
of the People's Party— Carleton
Johnson's Opposition.
There has been a reorganisation of the
People's Party County Committee and an
election of new officers. The old chair
man, E. S. Barney, was re-elected over
slight opposition, his opponent being
Carleton H.Johnson, the former secretary.
Mozart Hall, on Market street, is still the
headquarters.
Barney's victory was a complete triumph
for the conservative element of the party,
for Johnson received only eight votes. The
other executive officers are J. K. Phillips,
vice-president; George D. Gillespie, record
ing secretary, and J. C. Gore, financial
secretary and treasurer. There are also an
executive committee of twenty-one and
three trustees.
When the new committee is full and
complete, says Mr. Barney, it will consist
of 144 members — eieht from each Assem
bly district. So far all the districts are
not represented, and many that are do not
have n> big a representation as the leaders
would like.
just now the active spirits of San Fran
cisco Populism are looking forward to
what the outcome of to-morrow's silverite
conference in Washington will be. At the
St. Louis meeting of the National leaders
the Populists chose a conference commit
tee to ro to Washington and attend the
gathering of the bimetallisms. The hoDe is
indulged that the conventions of both the
silver movement and the People's party
can be set for the same place and date and
that the two organizations may be able to
agree upon one candidate for President.
The new local organizing committee of
the Populists consists of Thomas V. Cator,
Burnett G. Haskell and George D. Gil
lespie.
THEY MOUBNED A SPABEOW.
A Remarkable Funeral In the City of
Havana.
What is a historical fact in Cuba and
what appears to be a second edition of
"Who Killed Cock Robin? " is an interest
ing story related by Colonel Fernando
Figueredo, a noted Cuban leader.
It appears that years ago a Spaniard with
an idea t>i rendering a valuable service to
the city of Havana brought from Spain a
large number of sparrows, similar to the
English variety, and which were thought
to be useful &s a city bird in forming an
army of diminutive city scavengers. Im
agine his surprise and anger when upon
arriving at the city he was charged an ex
cessive duty on the little birds, in a lit
of passion he liberated all the birds and
became involved in trouble for trying to
evade the custom duties.
The sparrows invaded the city, where
they multiplied in a surprising manner.
They proceeded to wage war upon a small
city bird, which they drove entirely from
the city limits. For this act the Cubans
called "them the Spanish bird, and in time
began calling the Spaniards "gorrion,"
which means sparrow. On this trilling
subject a very bitter feeling obtained a
foundation, ft was carried so far that the
Spaniards recognized the sparrow as the
emblematic bird, much as we Americans
look upon the eagle, and they zealously
guarded the welfare of the midget.
After the outbreak of the revolution in
IS6B the bitterness in this line as well as
others became intensified. One day a
sentinel on guard at the palace in Havana
found the body of a dead sparrow, which
had fallen from one of the trees in the park.
With the greatest care and reverence he
took the little body before a council of
volunteers then being held. The volunteers
deliberated over the death of the bird, and,
on the impulse of the moment, tney passed
resolutions of respect for the deceased
sparrow and made an assessment among
the members of the volunteers whereby
they raised $60,000, the idea being to Rive
thelittle Spanish sparrow a most imposing
funeral. A skillful silversmith was sum
moned before a committee and ordered to
make a beautiful casket of silver, to be
elaborately trimmed with gold, for the bird.
The handsomest hall in the city was ob
tained and the drapers put to work to pre
pare it for the reception of the sparrow,
which was to lie in state. In the center of
this hall a richly decorated catafalque was
erected, and on this the little casket con
taining the remains of the sparrow was
placed.
All the city and military officers visited
the hall and paid homage to the bird. The
volunteers appointed a strongly armed
body to guard the remains. A bishop was
forced to officiate at the ceremonies.
While the body was lying in state the oc
cupants of the houses on the streets on
which the funeral procession was to march
were ordered to have their houses draped.
When the day of the funeral arrived the
volunteers were out in full force and the
procession was one of the most imposing.
During the march several persons lost
their lives. One was observed on the
sidewalk laughing and presumably ridi
culing the demonstration, And one of the
volunteers shot him down in his tracks.
A house was passed that had not been
draped for the occasion, and one of the in
mates being seen by the volunteers, was
also shot. After a lenethy march the
casket was returned to the starting point.
About this time an unfortunate cat, pre
sumably of Cuban inclination — as a
Spanish cat would never have been guilty
of such an act — was discovered on a house
top eating one of these sparrows. The
amazed feline was seized, tried and after a
speedy court-martial was brought out into
the public square and four skilled marks
men were selected as executioners. After
the criminal cat had been executed the
body was buried in unconsecrated ground.
Pittsburg Dispatch.
JOHN BSOWFS GEAVE.
The State Acqalreg the Farm Which
Includes It.
The farm in which is the grave of John
Brown, the abolitionist, was transferred
yesterday to the State of New York, and is
to become part of a public park. The farm
comprises 244 acres, and is in the Adiron
dacks in Essex County, N. Y. In the deed
it is described us "lot 95, in township 12, in
the old military tract, Thorn's survey."
The farm was acquired on January 11,
1870, for $2000, from Alexis Hinckley of
North Elba, Essex County, in order to pre
serve it. The suDscription for the pur
chase was raised by Kate Field. The sub
scribers were Mrs. R. C. Waterson, Isaac
H. Bailey, John E. Williams. William H.
Lee, George A. fiobbins, George Cabot
Ward, Henry Clewß, E. Randolph Martin,
Le Grand B. Cannon, Charles Stewart
Smitn, S. B. Chittenden, Isaac Sherman,
Jackson S. Schultz, E^iot C. Cowdin,
Thomas Murphy, Charles C. Judson,
Salem H. Wales, Sinclair Tousey and H.
B. Claflin.
From the purchase there was exempted
"so much land as has been inclosed as a
burying-placeand upon which the remains
of John Brown are interred, together with
the right to pass to and from said tract,
containing about a quarter of an acre,
which is reserved by Mrs. Mary A. Brown,
widow of John Brown, in a deed to Alexis
Hinckley."
Henry Clews was made trustee of the
property, and he arranged for its transfer
to the State. The farm has been rented,
and from the rental a good fund has been
accumulated, which will be used in erect
ing a monument in John Brown's memory
on the farm. The house in which tie lived
is in an excellent state of preservation.
Incidental to making up lost time a fast
mar. on the Union Pacific recently ran
from the Platte to Council Bluffs at about
sixty-hve miies an hour.
» ♦ — «
People who keep their mouths closed
except when they are talking, eating or
■drinking rarely contract colds or coughs.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
DR. POND WILL DECLINE
Effort to Have the Davidson
Case Advanced on the
Calendar.
DIVISION IN THE COMMITTEE.
Dr. C. 0. Brown's Pulpit Was Filled by
Professor Lloyd, Who Told "What
It Is to Be a Christian."
The investigation committee appointed
by Dr. Brown to try his case ia divided as
to the method of procedure. Dr. Williams,
a prominent member, strongly favors the
plan of urging that the legal proceedings
be given the preference, while Dr. Pond,
who, however, baa signified his intention
of withdrawing from the committee for
variously assigned reasons, thinks the in
vestigation should proceed. His brethren
assign his desire to be relieved of the re
sponsibilities of the work to his sensitive
ness regarding criticism of the decision in
the case of the erring Eureka preacher.
He told a Call reporter that he was too
busy to serve.
It is probable that Plymouth Church will
be chosen as the scene of the next session.
Rev. W. C Pond has virtually decided
not to serve as one of the committee of
the Bay Association to investigate Dr. C.
O. Brown. The reason he assigned yes
terday was that he was too busy with
other matters.
He was asked if he would attend any of
the meetings, but said that he thought he
would not be able to do so.
In the course of the conversation that
followed he stated that the time and place
for holding the next meeting of the joint
committee had been decided upon, but
that it had come to him in a letter relating
to personal matters and in such a manner
that he considered the information to be
confidential and that for him to give out
this information would be a violation of
confidence.
This he believed to mean that all future
meetings will be held with the idea of
keeping everything relating to them se
cret, exceDt what the committee decides to
make public. This led to a further con
versation on the methods of the joint com
mittee and Dr. Pond agreed that there was
no need of delay or secrecy, as the case
against Mrs. Davidson could not in any
way be affected by the testimony. And
even if her case should be unfavorably af
fected from the standpoint of the prosecu
tion he thought there should Le neither
secrecy nor delay in the Brown investiga
tion. It was not a matter, so far as the
interests of the church are concerned, of
any great importance whether Mrs.
Davidson was guilty or not. What con
cerned the church was the conduct of Dr.
C. O. Brown. It was not, he considered,
fair to the First Church or to Congrega
tionalism in general to indulge in any un
necessary delays in purifying the moral at
mosphere of the church.
Dr. Pond also clearly defined the course
of procedure that it is customary to follow
in such cases as that under discussion.
The joint committee simply ascertain
whether or not there is any ground for the
charges brought. If they find that there
has been a moral delinquency they formu
late charges, which are then tried by a
committee appointed by the church mem
bers. Should they report that there has
been no misconduct, any member of the
church would still have the right to prefer
charges and have the accused tried before
a special church committee. Should the
result of the action of this trial committee
prove unsatisfactory, the matter could be
appealed to a council composed of the
clergymen from the churches invited to
participate in it. The council, however,
has no power to discipline. It simply re
ports its findings back to the church,
which is the only power, according to the
rules of Congregationalism, that can pass
sentence.
Worshipers at the First Congregational
Church, drawn there by prayerful motives
or curiosity, had their spiritual wants sup
plied by Professor Lloyd instead of Dr.
Brown yesterday. The audience was not
a large one and its ranks were depleted by
the exodus of a number who departed
when it was found that the minister ac
cused of the infraction of one of the most
important of the Commandments was not
in evidence. "Restore the pastor to health
and give him comfort in these the days of
his trouble" was Professor Lloyd's only
reference to the absent preacher. The sub
stitute dealt with a gospel theme, which
he discussed in a learned manner in the
morning, and in the evening he talked
about "What It Is to Be a Christian."
Dr. Brown was not on the platform to
pray and announce hymns, as -was pre
dicted. Although Dr. George H. Palmer,
his physician, said the reverend gentleman
was better, he was not risible, at least to
representatives of the press, during the
day. To the question, "How is Dr. Brown
to-day?" his wife repeated the formula
reporters who call at 1703 Geao street
always expect: "You are a reporter. I
won't answer any questions." The re
mark, "We simply want to know what his
condition is," was met by the same reply.
The occasional variation of a letter or
clipping denunciatory of Mrs. Davidson
being thrust from the half-inch opening
of the door was missing in this instance.
The members of the investigating com
mittee do not manifest any alarm at Dr.
Brown's sudden failure in nealth. As soon
as he ia able to appear before them to make
his statement they have given him to
understand that they expect him to do so.
"We shall work from that statement,"
said Dr. W. D. Williams. "It will be our
basis. We will proceed on such lines of
investigation as the allegations it contains
may suggest to us individually or collec
tively. The further prosecution of the
investigation will depend upon two con
tingencies, the length of the pastor's ill
ness and the possibility of the trial of
Mrs. Davidson being advanced on the cal
endar. An effort will be made to secure
au early hearing of the case in court. We
believe the evidence produced in that trial
will materially aid us in our investigation.
We believe furthermore that the best in
terests of the First Congregational Church
will ba subserved by such a course.
"We entered upon the investigation with
the understanding that the case was dock
eted for April, and we recognized the fact
that it would be prejudicial to the inter
ests of the church co keep it in its present
state of suspense so long. After the possi-
REV. W. C. POND.
[From a photograph.]
bility of having it advanced was broached
we decided to waive all proceedings until
that question was settled, which we think
will be done shortly. I don't know when
we will meet."
D. Gilbert Dexter has been appointed to
bring about the advancement of the case,
and is using every effort to bring it about.
The next session of the committee will
be held at the call of the secretary, and
Plymouth Church is being considered as
a place for that meeting. Thereafter it is
probable that it will be held at the home
of some member of the committee.
Should the effort to bring the Davidson
case to an early hearing fail, it is probable
that Rev. H. H. Wikoff's post will also
have to bo filled by a substitute. He rep
resents the Church Building Society of the
Coast, and his presence in Southern Cali
fornia in the interests of the society is im
perative.
The demand that Dr. Brown take a
vacation during the investigation, if it
proceed, is strongly urged by a portion of
the church membership. But the mem
bers are one in their claim that Dr. Brown
shall explain why he shielded both Mrs.
Stockton and Mrs. Davidson after he says
he knew them to be blackmailers. This
cloud upon the reverend eentleman's evi
dence, at first "no larger than a man's
hand," is assuming mammoth, propor
tions.
WICLIFF'S FIGHT.
Rev. William Racier TelU About It
at the Third Congregational
Church.
"Wicliff and the First English Bible"
was the second in the special series of Sun
day-evening sermons by Rev. William
Kader of the Tnird Congregational Church
last night. The general theme of the
series is "Portraits and Gospel Epochs in
the Later Church." He said in part:
John Wicliff was the first Protestant. When
he hurled the English Bible at the authority
of the Papacy and the corruption of the
church the reformation began. He was the
forerunner of Luther. The fourteenth century
was corrupt. There is no apology for Catho
licism in this ceutury in which the reformer
appeared. Twenty thousand mendicant beg
gars roamed over England. The iriar was a
pious fraud. The church was collecting Peter's
pence. The monastery was a whited sepulcher.
The Papacy was an exacting government, not
a religion. The Popes claimed England. The
monks sold indulgences and many of the
priests led luxurious and corrupt lives.
Wicliff was born in 1324. His life centered
in Oxford. At the age oi 36 he attacked the
mendicant orders. He was brought before the
tribunal in St. Paul's Cathedral and dismissed
on a technicality. He protested against the
Catholic church "ruling the state. This protest
still vibrates through modern instituions.
His translation of the Bible produced a revo
lution. The Bible, originally written on the
skins of beasts or papyrus, has a remarkable
history prior to the age of printing. The Old
Testament, written in Hebrew, without vowels,
was translated into the Greek. In the fourth
century Jerome produced the Vulgate version,
the only one regarded as authentic by the
Catholic church. The kindred languages gave
wings to the Scriptures.
It belonged to Wicliff to give the Bible to the
people in their own tongue. He found it
locked in Laiiu. He broke the lock. If Chau
cer is England's first writer of verse Wiclift'is
the father of England's immortal prose. The
English Bible became the medium of popular
liberty. It produced the renaissance.
The church consigned his bones to the flames
with copies of his translation, and the ashes
were borne to the Avon, irom the Avon to the
Severn, and from the Severn to the sea. He
made Milton and Jeremy Taylor possible. The
printing press sent Wioliff's Bible over the
world— in the pocket of the sailor, the soldier's
knapsack and the peasant's home.
The battle in which Wicliff waged war is
being fought in America.
On one morning duriDg the mackerel
fishing season off the coast of Ireland live
boats at Kinsale Janded 32,000 fish. The
catch was valued at $800.
The Swiss name for mistletoe is donner
besen — "thunder besom" — and when sus
pended from the rafters Is believed to pro
tect the house from ffte.
THEY SHOT IN THE RAIN
Marksmen in Large Numbers at
the Targets Across the
Bay.
CALIFORNIA CLUB OFFICERS.
Arrangements Made for an Elaborate
Range Programme Daring the
Year.
It was a gray, melancholy day at Schuet
zen Park yesterday. There was a good
light on the targets in the morning, but
the rain in the afternoon put a damper on
the rifle-firing when the canvas-ripping
was liveliest.
Several of the German- American shoot
ing clubs were on the range grounds and
it was a pretty interesting day, notwith
standing the depressing landscape and the
abundant wetness thereof. The ladies of
the California Schuetzen Club were there
in conspicuous numbers. The men of the
Grutli Verein broke the targets with
notable success, and the California Club
and Turner and Eintracht Vereins had
their representatives in the stalls.
The California Schuetzen Club people
were out for bullseyes. The members
named here won the prizes in the order of
their mention. Muller, the champion, put
his bullet one-ninth of an inch from the
center, and every one of the crowd landed
the lead within an Inch and a quarter from
the needle point. It was admirable shoot
ing.
These were the winners: Muller, Fred
ericks,Strecker, Eginer, Hagerup, Tnirbach,
Straub, Burmeister, Schurmann, Hans
man, Schuster, Reubold, Jacoby, Turner,
Ehrenpfort, Bounotte, Faktor, Babin,
Finking, McLaughlin, Waller. Carroll,
Archer, Bremer, Langer.
In the Turner Schuetzen Section, Ut
schig won by 414 in the champion class.
Kommer scored 370 and came hrst in the
first class, and Rudolph was first in the
second class with 367. Finking won for
the best first shot, and Rudolph for the
last. Each scored 23 rinps.
The scores in the Grutli Section were as
follows: First class, A. Gehret; second,
Fochur; third, Hauser; fourth, Baum
gartners fifth. Frei; sixth, Charles Ott.
They shot for builseyes.
The ladies of the California Club had a
medal shoot. In the champion class Miss
Kate Utschig carried off the honors by a
score of 112. Miss Tessie McLaughlin won
by a score of 115 in the first class.
The California Club Cadets did some in
teresting shooting and registered these
Jesuits: First prize, Reubold Jr. ; second,
Walter Zander; third, It. Kuhls; fourth,
Charles Sagehorn Jr. Zander made a fine
score for a lad who shot the first time.
He was coached dv Pnilo Jacoby, which
easily accounts for the surprise.
On next Sunday the first match for Cap
tain Scnurniann's gold medals will be
held. Two will be given for rifle and one
for revolver firing. The best seven strings
in twelve matches during the year will de
termine the winner.
The annual meeting of the California
Schuetzen Club was held last Tuesday at
Eintracht Hail on Post street. The of
ficers elected were ail upon the regular
cluo ticket. Dr. E. P. Muffe, who was
made president of the organization a
couple of years ago, was again made the
chief officer of the club. F. A. Kuhls was
unanimously selected for the position of
vice-president. John Utschig was made
treasurer and Otto Burmeister was given
the first secretary's Dlace. The second
secretary's position went to Charles Sage
horn. J. C. Waller was the favorite for
first shooting master and was unanimously
elected. T. J. Carroll was elected second
shooting master. The third of these range
managers is George Lanyer.
The new board of directors elected by the
club includes Philo Jacoby, John Utschi<*
Dr. Muffe, L. C. Babin, F. A. Kunls, D.
Yv*. McLaughlin and O. Burmeister. The
new board of trustees are H. Gumbel, L.
C. Babin and W. Schwarke. The officers
of the finance committee are Albert
Ehrenpfort, C. Eging and G. E. Groezinger.
. An extensive programme was outlined
at the meeting, and it indicates very com
pletely the sort of work the California
Club intends to do during the year. There
is to be class shooting on the first Sunday
of every month. Each class will compete
for two prizes, worth $'J) and $10 respect
ively. The conditions are that the best
eight strings of twenty shots will deter
mine the winner, the average merit count
ing in all cases. The winner of the first
prize in any class will be entered in the
next higher ciasa. Two gold medals will
be awarded for the be3t average made by
members in the best first and last shot
competitions.
On every third Sunday there is to be
bullseye shooting for best centers. The
marksman who makes the best seven cen
ter shots during the year will get the prize.
There will also be medals in two classes
for the cadet organization connected with
_j '_ ' NEW TO-DAY.
SHHSSSSh 9 JLSgMk MP^jif *^b Him ■Er^^HaMXfMflS' .4^R M^miMK
You Know It's Good -j* ><* •<* *$t &.'*x &
You like to know that a thing is good before you make up your
mind to try it, you know that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt is good be-
cause you know friends it has cured. That is what counts cures.
What do you care for bluster? Every quack can tell you how much
better he is than the old physician who has proven his worth by
years of faithful service, but you know better than to believe it. The
cures prove the merit. Dr. Sanden's Belt has them. «jfc & J> Ji jt,
All California. Praises It. «4* **& .** .** ...
"I bought one of your Dr. Sanden Electric
Belts in Minneapolis five years ago for lumbago
and I have used it off and on for other troubles.
It has done wonders for me, and I can recom-
mend it highly," writes M. F. ROGERS, Vet-
erans, Home, Yountville, Kapa Co., California.
"I was greatly troubled with indigestion, so
bad that it prevented my sleep at night. I have
used your Belt just thirty days and I can eat
food I did not think I would ever be able to touch
again. My sleep is sound and lam refreshed in
the morning," says C. F. ANDERSON, with
Ballard & Hall, Fifth and Brannan streets, San
Francisco.
"Your Belt has cured me of a most aggravated
case of sciatic rheumatism, from which I have
been laid up every fall for years. I have been
perfectly cured by your Belt."— H. KRUGER,
3281 Central avenue, Alameda Cal.
"I bought your Belt in October for lost man-
hood, and it has cured me after I had spent hun-
dreds of dollars in medicines."— C. H. KEYES,
49 N. Thirteenth street, San Jose, Cal.
"Your Belt has cured me of pains in my back
and frequent urinating."— JOHN B. CAREY,
East San Jose, Cal.
"I suffered from seminal weakness for years,
Its the remedy for you. Its the only Electric Belt that has a regula-
tor to control the power. It is warranted for one year. *£ o* Jt> j>
Get the book 'Three Classes of Men," or better, call and see it and test it free, and talk to a
regular physician who will advise you as to what it will do for you.
** ** Sanden Electric Co, ** at
632 Market St., Opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco, Cal.
Office Hours: 8 to 6, Evenings 7 to 8:30, Sundays to to 1.
the club. In August there is to be a reat
members' shoot for club prizes, and in
November turkeys will be shot for on an
elaborate scale.
Proprietor Schurmann of the park near
San Rafael, where the shooting is to be
done, has offered two medals worth $50
and $25 respectively for rest shooting on
the fourth Sunday of each month.
The best seven strings during the year
will determine the successful marksman.
The first great shooting festival will be
held in April. Already preparations are
being made for it and the programme will
soon be complete.
Among other things the California
Schuetzen Club decided at the annual
meeting to admit members upon formal
election and the payment of $10 as an
initiation fee. Formerly candidates for
membership were obliged to subscribe for
$50 worth of stock in the club's park prop
erty near San .Rafael.
RIFLES AT SHELL MOUND.
A Large Number of Military Marks-
men Before the Targets.
The rain and threatening weather did
hot keep the riflemen away from the tar
gets at Shell Mound shooting range yes
terday, the military companies especially
turning out in cood numbers. The light
was good, but the wind, being variable,
kept many shifting their wind gauges all
day in order to get good results.
Captain Siebe, the proprietor of the
range, was the recipient of congratulations
from all of his friends, the occasion being
that he had just passed the half-century
mark in his life. Captain Siebe is ap
parently in his prime, and he handles the
rifle and pistol with a skill that is envied
by many younger marksmen. The cap
tain is a member of half the shooting
clubs in the City, and for many years he
was an active member in the National
Guard, where he received his military
title. With all the riflemen he is among
the most popular.
A. B. Dorrell, a member of the Columbia
Pistol and Rifle Club, did considerable ex
perimental shooting on the new Colum
bian target, originated by F. 0. Young, on
the 200-yard range. He ran rive strings of
ten shots, making 81, 99, 88, 58, 73 and 61.
These scores on the new target are figured
from the inch center on the half-inch
rings. Several of the military companies
are contemplating the adoption of the
Columbian target, which gives them not
only their Creeamore records but their
records in points as well.
As stated, the military marksmen were
in good attendance and they made the fol
lowing scores:
Company Fof the Fifth Regiment, iegular
medal shoot— Major J. F. Hayes 43, F. Stopton
9, Sergeant C. C. Covalt 43, U. G. Axx 27, A. G
Mitchel 36, W. F. Johnson 40, S. A. Baxley 10,
E. W. Snow 22, W. Sears 39, Corporal J. A.
Stutt 30, E. J. Adams 34, R. Welsh 6, George
Reed 22, W. G. Harbinson 34, F. G. Waters 1(5,
Sergeant J. 1). Kennedy 41, K.O.Williamson 33,
G. M. Crew 29, A. E. Harbridge 32. W. J. Wil
son 31, J. E. Cone 4, H. J. Horwege 3. C. P.
Stohl 32, F. L. Ballister 33, Griffin 17, Wheeler
30, Stocking 35, G.Hanson 26, Captain G. H.
AVetheru 39, Barker 34, Pierce 26, Rowe
33, Magennis 39. B. N. Peterson 37,
y. F. Johnson 38, E. D. Wells 37, W. S. Boddv
40, A. F. Hanson 28, M. D. Bird 22, H.T. Ben
nett, 24, J. J. Swanson 28, G. Xickerson 30. D.
C. Preston 31, G. A. Brooks 34. Sergeant G.Scott
3". W. G. Leonard 40. C. H. Graham 10, F. R.
Carter 15, A. J. Webber 3(i, H. Parsons 35, B.
Hansen37, J. H. Baker 23, R. W. Elakely 36,
C. W. Scott 28, F. Parsons 34, Harvey 36, F. \V.
Miller 34, A. P. Wilson 34, H. B. Stevenson 10,
M. M. L'nda 39, Cobbledeck 42, Darling 35, F.
Wilson 31, Christoffersen 29, Manor 25.
Company B, First Regiment, regular racial
shoot— G. Clausgenius 39, E. C. Cordell 37. G.
Heigman 36, C. Perry 46, A. McCulloch 40,
G. A. Sullivan 41, H. B. Sullivan 32, G. Unple
man 41, L. R. Townsend 28, Ed. Filmer 30,
W. J. Hayes 43, F. W. Crowley 32, W. X. Kelly
30, A. F. Ramm 39, W. Gehret 89, A. Gehret 41,
W. Baumgartner, 42, L. Zimmerman 40, W. L.
Overstrett2l, A.Fetz39, F. Monahan 14, G.
Fi'.mer 33, D. S. Briggs 32.
Company A, Fifth Regiment, monthly medal
shoot--Tyineson 34, Juniper 25, McConnell 40,
Pucketi 45, Peterson 34, McCombs 5, F. Poulter
45, Bodwell 24, Peck 35, Douaho 33, Stewart
36, Hunt 31, Stanley 25, Strong 39, Downie 42,
Maker 44, Vaughn 41, Captain Pouitcr 42,
Jahnigan 39, Taber 39, Fellows 31. Ellis 41,
Littlerield4o, McKillican 40, Deeds 18, Learn
21. Herman 22, G. W. Puckett 42, Bryan 26,
Slack 34.'
Knights of the Red Branch Rifles, monthly
medal shoot— A. Whelton 40, David Russel'
39, Sergeant J. Hmith 45, E. Brown 39, P
Flynn 32, John Cregan 30, John Green 42.
James J. Loughery 35, G. P. Egan 35, J. D.
Loughery 30, D. Killeen 38, J. Dalv 35, P. C.
Smith 35, P. McGlynn 32, D. Callen 30, J. Kile •
mede 34, J. Casey 38, C. M. McCarthy 31.
Company L First Regiment, monthly meda
shoot: Captain Eggert 42, T. 11. Nolte 41, C.
McMenomy 42, H. L. Pendelton 42, H. Klenck
35, D. N. Rogers 34. C. Mullen 18, W. \V. Mc-
Gowan 46, C. Isaacson 31, H. E. Curzour 34, A.
C. Adler 31, T. W. Souther 39.
Only one club of German sharpshooters
was out, the Redmen's shooting section.
The winners and points stood:
Champion class medal — John Zimmerman ,
402 points; first class, H.Bach, 380: second
class, M. Dieckerr, 320; third class, W. Dressier,
290; fourth class, H. Boeckmanu, 200; nrst
best bullseye, H. Bach, 23; last best bullseye, J.
A. Moore, 20.
Durrant Is Sick.
Theodore Durrant has been confined to
his bunk lor the past four days with the jail
malaria. His throat troubles him slightly,
too. Yesterday he did not leave his pnllet, but
remained rolled up in his blankets trying to
bring on heavy perspiration. His visitors have
been very few the past three weeks.
In cold or wet weather every one should
wear a broad strip of new flannel, that is to
Bay, flannel that has not been washed
wrapped around the body next the skin.
~ ■ «"» ■«>» V 3» VS* fcJC
spent hundreds of dollars doctoring, and got no
benefit till I got your Belt, and it has cured
me." F. B. GALLOWAY, Densmore Cal.
bad P tw°? , tO & SinS yOUr Belt m y back was so
bad that I could not stand erect Now it is
StoS?&if ? i have no trouble with it. My
lunS Cal cured -"-R- B. CUTTING. Peta-
™« a i* p * rti . an impotent for two years and
£?» j£ «°i? n down - Your Belt has cured
snd,"cS" JUKE -. SI x ? Ba Atlantic street, Oak-
«v," ♦£- J suffere d from lumbago and sciatica
•♦£ hlr *y years - I have tried man y remedies
without avail, and have been laid up different
times with my trouble. After all else tailed I
got your Belt two months ago. and it has cured
me , 'writes HUGH FRASER, Xx Royal Deputy
Scottish Clans of California, 2063 Knclual Aye.,
Alameda, Cal. '
"I suffered for many years from displacement
of the uterus, and was perfectly helpless and
suffered excruciating pains. I was induced to
try your Electric Belt. In a week's time I was
able to be up, and have gradually improved
since, and arm nearly cured."— Mrs. J. A.
ECHLIN, Golden Gate, Cal.
BUCK. IN THE FACE.
Black in the face means that your liver
is disordered, that yon are constipated,
that you are a weak man. When you are
a weak man, you need the great Hudyan.
Hudyan will cure certain forms of consti-
pation, certain forms of liver and kidney
affections and will restore to you your lost
power.
Hudyan can be had from the Hudson
Medical Institute and from no one else.
The great Hudyan is for Nervous Debility,
Nervous Exhaustion and Lost Manhood.
Bend for circulars and testimonials.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLOOD- blood, due
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old sores and falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians of the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
LIVES- When your liver Is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can gel
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNET Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put in good order send foi
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make the
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free. _____
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,
BAN FRANCISCO. CAL.
NOTICE FOR BIDS.
Notice Inviting Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice Is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds are to bear date the
first Monday in January, 1896, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond to be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1597. and the re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payalile to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Placer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached Interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond In ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by th« clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. n. of the
31st day of January, 1 896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of the United States.
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. Said bonds
will be delivered in the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty, both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and pay I or
same as delivered ; and that a failure to take
up and pay for Mime within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of Itself,
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be he'd and considered .. as liquidated
damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Uncoln. and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. A dep° slt
in the United States postoflice of said towc of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deli si.i
bonds signed by the said clerk of the saia twra
and w.t a the seal of said town affixed, ad-
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at hU
place of business or residence as stated In his
bid for said bonds, prepaid, thall be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser from
the date of such deposit, and there shall also
be embodied in said undertaking the pur-
chaser's assent to the form and sufficiency of
such notice.
Dated December 31, 1895.
F. L. Sakdebs, Town Clerk.
Weak Men and Women
Strength to the Sexual Organ*. «■««"» »*»ROUGHLY HANDLED
Dr. Dille Says San Fran-j
Cisco Is a Botany Bay
of Vice.
STIRRING RESOLUTIONS.
Mass-Meeting Called by the Civic
Federation Is Largely
Attended.
WESLEY REID'S ABLE EFFORT.
Dr. Carlos Martyn of Chicago Tells
How Many Evils Can Be
Corrected.
Whkreas, Our City has been disgraced by
the existence of gambling dens known as pool
rooms, carrying on openly their nefarious
PROMINENT SPEAKERS AT THE MEETING OF THE CIVIC FEDERATION.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
business of debauching our men and
boys, preparing a corps 01 embezzlers, defai
cators and petty thieves; and whereas, the ex
isting ordinance against this species of gamb
llnsr has been found ineffective to handle this
evil; and whereas there i^ pending an ordi
najice before the Board of supervisors to pro
h bit the existence of these dens of infamy,
That as citizens of San Francisco,
In mass-meeting assembled, we demand the
ttttef extermination of poolrooms, whether
carried on under pretense of doing business on
commission or whether they do an open busi
ness of ViooK-making; and to this end we favor
the passage of the ordinance now pending, and
we insist that when trie ordinance shall be
passed no poolroom shall be allowed to open
it« doors in our fair City.
Rnolvcd, further, That President 0. B. Per
kins and Rev. Dr. Dille be authorized to pre
sent these resolutions to the Board of Super
visors.
The above resolutions were unanimously
adopted at the monster mass-meeting held
at Odd Fellows' Hall yesterday under the
auspices of the Civic Federation to protest
against municipal evils, not the least of
which are the iniquitous poolrooms.
Incidentally the new charter received its
Bhare of attention, Wesley Reid and Dr.
Dille urging on the people assembled to
fight for its passage as the one way to se
cure pure municipal government.
As early as 2:30 o'clock people began to
drift into the auditorium of Odd Fellows'
Hall, and half an hour later, when the
time for opening arrived, the lower floor
and gallery were taxed to their utmost.
The stage, however, save for the bright
colored American flags and several large
vases of flowers, was quite deserted.
The minutes rolled swiftly by until half
an hour had elapsed, and still the Civic
Federation as a body did not appear. It
began to be whispered around the hall that
the poolroom men were responsible for
this. They were present in force, it was
said, for the single purpose of breaking up
the meeting.
lust as confusion seemed on the eve of
asserting itself, I. J. Truman, followed by
some twenty members of tne federation,
marched on the stage. Tremendous ap
plause, probably the result of long pent-up
enthusiaam, greeted their appearance, only
to be repeated with renewed vigor wtien
the master of ceremonies, in the person of
Mr. Truman, arose to formally declare the
meeting open.
"We are here to-day," he said, "to better
our civic affairs. All are interested in
good government, good streets, good offi
cers, and, in fact, everything pertaining to
ft pure municipality. One of the greatest
evils of to-day is the present condition of
affairs, that to the victor belongs the
spoiis."
The speaker then discussed the new
charter at considerable length, urging all
cood people to work and vote for its adop
tion. One feature, he said, which should
commend it to the people, was the civil
service reform clause. He urged all good
men to sustain it, because it was better
than the present slipshod affair.
Mr. Truman was followed by Charles
Wesley Reid, one or the attorneys for the
federation. He declared that people who
favor a good general government look
first for the annihilation of municipal
evils. "This kind of corruption," he said,
"interests every law-abiding citizen. It
was not until 1850 that this kind of corrup
tion became popular. Boss Tweed got his
clutches on New York, and his example
has been followed by some greater or lesser
rascal in every American city of any size."
Mr. Reid then spoke of local evils,
dwelling particularly on the fact that it
was im possible to locate a wrong, even
though it was shown to exist. "It should
he continued, "that you could go
to the Mayor and say so and so exists,
and it would be corrected. The new char
ter embodies all this. Vote for that and
you get what you want. His no one-man
power affair, as has been claimed. It is
based on the constitution of the United
States. If that is wrong then this charter
is also faulty. It gives the Supervisors
power to make the laws and the Mayor
power to enforce them."
Rev. Dr. Dille was the next speaker, and
followed the line for which everybody was
patiently waiting. Without any waste of
time he pitched into the poolrooms and
gambling in general, and for half an hour
entertained nls hearers with graphic de
scriptions of the evils which follow such
institutions.
"We drove them out of Oakland," he
! continued, "and incidentally the corrupt
Council then in existence. They have
i been driven from the Ea3t, until now this,
j the fairest city of all, is coming to be the
Botany Bay of vice. We have them now
at the sea shore. Let us drive them In,
and let them swim to the Farallones and
! cull the gulls. I have it on good au tho/ity
j that $2,900,000 was stolen in one single
year and played on the races.
"Now, we propose to drive them out —
! drive them where messenger boys will not
j be tempted."
The next speaker was Dr. Carlos Martyn
of Chicago. He is an apt, versatile talker,
and for more than an hour entertained the
audience with anecdote and example ap
propriate to the theme. Among other
things he said :
• "One of the significant and ominous fea
tures in America to-day is the abnormal
growth of cities. I can remember when
the country influence predominated. To
day nearly one-third of our population is
urban. The great cities of this country
are the predominating power.
"1 want to telJ you confidentially, and it
must not go beyond thtse walls, you have
a bad name back East. Gambling is car
ried on with impunity. Your police would
be honest if they dared be— but they don't
dare. The spoils system is at the bottom
of it all. Such a system would corrupt the
Angel Gabriel.
"The present apathy of the people re
minds me of the time when Vanderbilt
was president of the New York Central
road. Vanderbilt was told that the pub
lic demanded certain things, and his reply
was, ' The public be d n.'ln many things
the public is an as 9, but it does not exer
cise the privilege of the ass — that is, to
kick.
"The way out of all this is to discard
party politics in municipal affairs— be sim
ply citizens of San Francisco. Vote when
the time comes and vote right. The man
who will not take the time to go to the
ballot-box, let him go to Russia, where the
Czar rules. The man who is not inter
ested enough in good government to vote,
disfranchise him. Just here I want to say
a word of the man who comes to America
to be naturalized. We expect him to be
an American, and not an Irish-American,
a German-American or a Scandinavian-
American."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
POLICE AS DUCK-HUNTERS
They Clear the Marshes in the
Mission of Reckless
Sportsmen.
A RUSE THAT WAS SUCCESSFUL.
Residents Who Appreciate the Great
Good Done By the Mounted
Policemen.
The residents on Bernal Heights, along
the San Bruno and Mission roads, and in
other outlying districts of the Mission are
congratulating themselves upon the eradi
cation of numerous evils since the advent
of the mounted policemen.
It was impossible with the limited num
ber of men in the Mission to properly keep
a check upon the lawlessness of the
"tough" element in certain portions, al
though creditable work was done, but now
that the six mounted policemen and a
number of extra patrolmen have been as
signed to that district, all under the
efficient leadership of Captain Gillin and
his able assistant Lieutenant Burke, there
is a marked change for good, which the
residents have been quick to appreciate.
One of the greatest evils that has been
entirely done away with was from duck
and snipe hunters in the marshes off the
San Bruno road, between Bernal Heights
and the Ray City House. These men were
so reckless in their shooting that they be
came a terror to residents in the locality.
It was no uncommon thing for live stock
to be slaughtered by stray shots, and the
lives of the occupants of the dwellings im
periled in the same way.
As soon as the mounted policemen were
detailed for duty in the Mission, about
four weeks ago, Captain Gillin instructed
them to rid the marshes of these ductc and
snipe hunters. They gave prompt atten
tion to the order, but when they appeared
on the marshes the hunters took refuge in
their boats. The officers rode into the
water till it covered their saddle girths and
were forced to beat a retreat for fear of
both horse and rider being drowned. The
hunters simply sat in their boats and
laughed at them.
Captain Gillin then ordered three of the
mounted men, who are all active and
daring fellows, to dress themselves as
duck hunters and go out to the marshes
with their guns. The ruse was successful
and several arrests were made. The effect
has been all that could be desired, and now
residents can sleep at nights without the
fear of being rudely awakened by the
shattering of their windows from the shot
of duck hunters or finding in the morning
that during the night a hor=e or cow had
been slaughtered.
Another evil from which ranchers were
the sufferers has been checked. Men
would drive out to the ranches in a wagon,
seize a calf or sheep and throw it quickly
into the wagon and drive off to Butcher
town and dispose of the animal. The loss
sustained by the ranchers from this prac
tice has been very great, but the mounted
Dolicemen have put an end to these depre
dations.
The "tough" element on Bernal Heights
has been overawed by the presence of the
mounted men. Formerly they could easily
get away from a patrolman, but they find
it impossible to outstrip a horse, and the
use of a good club has had a beneficial ef
fect in checking their turbulence, and
peaceable citizens can now go to their
homes at nights without the fear of being
waylaid and beaten by half-drunken hood
lums.
The mounted men cover the territory
from South San Francisco to the county
line and across to Mount Olympus, day and
night. -. ■■'■ -.:■ -.'.--.-- .
HE WANTS HIS BOY.
XV. M, Waddill Willing to Let His
>. Eloping WiTe Go if He Can Get
the Child.
W. M. WaddilJ, the Jessie street barber
whose wife ran away a few days ago, tak
ing the three-year-old boy with her, is
anxious to regain possession of the child.
He is willing to allow his wife to depart in
peace if stie will leave the child.
Waddill is making a still hunt for his
wife about the City. He says that she is
either in hiding in San Francisco or has
gone to Portland, Or.
There is a possibility that the young
wife has returned to her parents in* Mon
treal. As stated in yesterday's Call, Mrs.
Waddill is a white woman, and the fact
that she selected a colored man for htr
husband rather displeasel the family.
Lately a truce has been raised between her
self and parents.
Waddill is an industrious fellow and has
several hundred dollars to his credit in the
bank.
AT PARK AND BEACH.
But Little I>amage Done by the Storm.
The Work of Improvement
Going On.
The sky being hung with heavy clouds
yesterday and there being no certainty
that the storm was over, notwithstanding
the "fair" Hag that floated from the staff
on the top of the Mills building, many
people were kept away from the park. The
small number who did go went to the con
servatory, where there are now a great
number of very rare parasites in bloom,
displaying many colored blossoms, and to
the museum to look at the curios.
A few venturesome male and female
cyclers appeared on the drives, but the
way their wheels picked up moist real es
tate and threw it on their backs made cy
cling decidedly unpleasant.
The fallen tower is being removed by a
gang of men who. are in the employ of G.
Goodman, who had a lien on the tower for
$750 for the laying of the concrete founda
tion on whicn it rests.
The tunnel on the north side of the
grand court is finished, and if the weather
permits work on the tunnel on the north
side will be commenced this week. This
tunnel, which is to be 20 feet wide and
120 feet long, will have its northern exit
between Ninth and Tenth avenues and
within 150 feet of Fulton street. It will be
under the main drive.
During the week but two days' time was
lost on account of the stormy weather.
Considerable work has been done in the
way of grading and much of the ground is
in such a condition that within a month
tree-planting will commence.
Work on the brick addition to the mu
seum is progressing rapidly. The walls
of the first story are already up, and as
soon as the storm abates the workmen will
be directed to hasten the work.
The new lodge has so far advanced that
the workmen are now putting in the door 3
and windows. The interior plastering is
all on. The walls of the Commissioners'
office will be covered with embossed paper
in imitation of leather; the dining-room
walls will be covered with burlap, and sev
eral of them will be hard-finished in white,
while others will be finished in natural
wood.
The storm of Friday night did but little
damaere in the park. There were a few
washouts, but none that cannot be filled
with a few loads of soil. At Buena Vista
Park, which is under control of the Com
missioners, there was a slide on the east
bank that carried away nearly a hundred
tons of earth.
Thousands of people visited the beach in
the hope of seeing the angry waves of the
ocean chasing one another and raising
their crests in racing for the shore, but in
this they were disappointed, for the ocean
was comparatively calm. The recent
storm did considerable damage to glass on
the south side of the new Cliff House,
many panes being smashed. Nearly all
by yesterday noon had been replaced.
FELL FROM A BALLOON
Millie Viola's Accident in Getting
Ready for a Parachute
Jump.
The Young Woman Had Gone Upward
Only Fifteen Feet When the
Rope Broke.
The balloon ascension at the Haight
street grounds yesterday was a failure,
and Miss Millie Viola, who started on a
voyage to the clouds, fell fifteen feet and
hurt her back and spine.
The announcement was that Miss Viola,
sister of the young woman who a few
weeks ago made a successful ascent from
the same place, would go up on a trapeze
hung to the balloon, and that when in
midair she would give a performance on
the swinging bar.
During the afternoon the work of in
flating the balloon was commenced and
several thousand people watched the op-
Millie Viola.
[From a pliotograph.}
eration, but before the balloon wns half
inflated the rain began and the majority
of the crowd deserted the grounds.
Miss Viola was asked if the inflating of
the balloon should be stopped. She re
plied that she would co up, rain or no
rain. The work of filling the immense
bag with eas and smoke continued, and at
4:30 o'clock it was nearly full.
The parachute was attached to the
mouth of the bag, the lines were stretcned
and the trapeze was held in position for
the aeronaut. The latter appeared accom
panied by her sister and a curh'-haired
little boy.
The word "ready" was given and Miss
Viola, throwing off a coat, stood in para
chute costume. She kissed the do.v ana
her sister, took her seat on the bar and
grasped the side ropes. The order "let go"
was given. All. holds were released, the
balloon rose slowly, moving to the north
ward. When the aeronaut was about fif
teen feet from the ground she leaned back
ward, as if to make a turn on the bar,
when all of a suaden the parachute parted
from the balloon and fell to the ground
with the young woman, the balloon con
tinuing xipwarri.
Miss Viola struck the eround and was
buried under the parachute. She was
aided to her feet and her first exclamation
was. "it was a failure." Then she com
plained of pains in her back and the back
of her head, but in a rao/nent she recov
ered and said, "If they can get the balloon
back I'll co up anyhow."
There was no danger of getting the bal
loon back just then and the ascension was
given up for the day.
The Presbyterians of the world main
tain one-fourth of the evangelical foreign
missionaries of the world.
HILL TELLS HIS STORY.
Declares He Has Not Seen His
First Wife in Over
Six Years.
ANXIOUS FOR THE DIVORCE.
The Former Druggist Says His Finan
cial Troubles Are Due to
His Erring Wife.
If the story told by H. W. Hill is true,
the account of his recent escapades as re
lated by his wife are untrue.
Mr. Hill denies that he has ever been
East or anywhere else with his iirst wife,
from whom he was divorced five years ago.
He says he has not seen Mrs. Hill No. 1
in six years, and has no desire to see her
now.
"The whole story is a neat little scheme
got up by my wife and her attorney to
give the former some little prestige in the
theatrical world. I have been right here
in San Francisco at 1031 Market street, and
she knows it. As for going East with my
former wife, that is sheer nonsense. True,
this lady is now beyond the Mississippi,
but I have not seen her.
"I notice that this woman says I have
NAOMI HILL, THE CHILD WHO IS FIGURING IN THE DIVORCE TROUBLES.
not contributed anything toward the sup
port of her and the child for seven months.
That is absolutely untrue. I have given
her $10 every week for the support of the
child, but I shall do that no more until
this affair is settled. On my return from
Los Angeles four months ago we resumed
our old-time relations and I continued to
live with her until about five weeks ago.
She then left me because I could not sup
port her as well as formerly. We lived
very happily together until she became
stage-struck, That was her ruin and my
undoing.
"It was her extravagance that broke me
up in business. Why, just think of it, she
had $700 worth of diamonds which I had
bought for her at various times, and in
order to buy line clothes she pawned them
for $400. Some time after she left me she
said that if 1 would raise $2000 she would
return. She wanted me to borrow the
money from my brother in Spokane, who,
it so happens, is cashier of the First Na
tional Bank there. I refused to do any
thing of the kind, and I have not seen her
since, except when I called to pay the $100
for the support of my child.
"The only thing 1 want now is my baby
girl. If her attorney would only serve
those papers on me, I could force her to
bring the child into court. As it is now
she has hidden my little girl, and I can do
absolutely nothing toward rescuing her."
NATIVES IN THEIR HOME
Seven Parlors Meet in the New
Building on Mason
Street.
The N. S. G. W. Hall Will Be Dedi
cated February 9— Grand Ball
for the Opening.
The magnificent new building of the
Native Sons of the Golden West, on Mason
street, is now so near completion in every
detail that many members of the hall
association believe that at a meeting to
morrow evening it will be decided to for
mally dedicate the building on February!),
and celebrate on February 11 with a grand
ball and reunion of parlors.
All building contracts called for com
pletion of the work early this month, but
on second thought the directors of the hall
association concluded to make extensive
changes in the plan of the ladies' recep
tion-rooms.
This necessitated alterations in the cor
ridors adjoining, all of which caused un
expected delay. However, the contractors
are now under heavy penalties to have the
remaining work finished before February
9, and present progress indicates that
nothing will remain to be done in the
building on that date. Only the balustrade
and marble flooring of the main stairway
leading to the first story, the high marble
wainscoting of the entrance, stairway
and some alterations in the ladies' recep
tion - rooms and furnishing the grand
assembly hall are yet to be finished.
A large force of workmen were busy yes
terday in the unfinished parts of the
building, anu many more will be put upon
the work to-day. The building was visited
by a large number of Native Sons during
the day. as the new headquarters were
ready to receive them.
"\Ve have closed the old rooms in the
Pioneer buildinc," said a member of the
association. "All the furniture we had
there was presented to the Salvation Army,
and our rooms furnished here anew. Seven
parlors are meeting here now. and have
been all this month. This in itself is a
considerable saving in rent. Already some
of the meeting halls are engaged for every
night in the week, and we are receiving
offers from Western Addition social and
dancing clubs, society cotillons and many
fraternal societies."
Witn one exception the meeting halls
are finished. They are elegantly fur
nished, officers chairs' and desks having
been specially designed on massive lines
and in solid carved oak. ornamented with
emblems of the order and of California.
The canopies are all exquisite efforts in
drapingfl with rich silks and velvets. With
the addition of costly carpets and ample
electroliers these halls are attractive and
have already become very popular as
meeting places.
The assembly hall and ball room is the
largest of the kind in town and quite ef
fective, and^the Natives are very proud of
it. The new library and reading rooms
are handsomely furnished and better pat
ronized than were the old ones. Already
the new building is a favorite rendezvous
of Native Sons, and when it will have been
dedicated, as rental contracts now indi
cate, it is certain to bo a grand success
financially as well as in every other
feature.
HE BOBBED HIS FRIEND.
An Oregon Youth Broke Into the Booms
of the Man AVho Helped
Him.
Harry Ailbright, cashier and night clerk
at the Palace restaurant, on Market street,
near Fifth, took in Harry Dononue, a
young man who came from Ashland, Or.,
five days ago, fed him and let his occupy
part of his room. Last night he had Don
ohue arrested for burglary.
Ailbright knew Donohue's people in
Ashland, and so he was kind to the young
fellow. He told Donohue a few days ago
that he expected $500 from friends in the
East. He also told him that only a short
time before Mrs. Burke, who with her hus
band, Colonel E. J. Burke, occupies the
rest of t!:e flat at 919 Towell street, had
won $1000 in a lottery. It is thought that
Donohue expected to get this money.
The boy broke into the flat on Saturday
night at 10 o'clock. He took a lamp and
started to co through the rooms occupied
by the Burkes, but was heard by the
colonel, wno arose at once. This fright
ened the young man, who hurriedly went
back to Allbrignt's room. Then Donohue
cleared out, taking a number of valuables.
AUbriuht was telling Policeman Perry
of the case last night, when Dononue
passed. Ailbright called to him and had
him arrested.
A MORMON DISCOURSE.
Elder Scowcroft of Utah Talks to a Sun
dny Evening Congregation.
Elder Willard Scowcroft of Opden ad
dressed a congregation at Friendship Hall,
909 Market street, last evening on the res
toration of the Gospel and its object.
He said that in the days of our Lord and
Savior and his Apostles there were many
great privileges and blessings that fol
lowed the believers. Those blessings were
not only promised to the people at the
time, but to all that would accept the
gospel at any time or ase of the world.
The apostlea were persecuted by the peo
ple, however, and put to death," and many
of the early Christians- suffered. The
pagans accused them of atheism because
they had no temples, no incense, no sac
rifice, pomp or ceremony in their worship.
The Christians in order to cast off this re
proach gradually introduced many cere
monies from paganism and thought by so
doing they would gain pagan converts
and thereby strengthen the cause, but in
stead of spreading the plain and precious
truths of the gospel they eventually sub
verted them.
The ancient prophets and apostles saw
NEW TO-DAT.
fTT^l_ Is greatly enhanced
1 HI v by proper accessories
•5. JL£.\J —little Conveniences
— and greater Necessi-
I 11 "V ties.
™ ILI^CAi Special reductions
this week in Sponges,
1 Tj yiTJ Flesh, Nail and Hand
LIJL V Brushes, Friction
. </ Gloves for wet and
J?y dry uses > Soaps and
111 Toilet Waters at the
fllp WONDER
111 DRUGSTORE.
"On fli ! FLETCHER & CO.,
JJO» VIL lies Market St.
liy^lf^ MANHOOD RESTORED---"-
®>-<2=J^r *~- "inilllWUll lIL.U ■ UHtUvitalizer.theprescrip-
! IVy <^r X\ «>• -*w^ iS» tlon of a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
\S\* xvi/ \v " \\ y nns or diseases of the generative organs, such as tost Manhood,
T £g£J %i» >JJUJ Insomnia, I'ains In the Buck, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility.
V fT-^ V v *!«' Pimples, Unfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
..' \ •'■-■_/. \. -/ Constipation. . It stops all losses by day or night Prevents qnlck-
•-•-^>X^/ ! nessof di?char~e, which if notchpebed leads to Spermatorrhoau and
BEFORE AND AFTER 8 " tho horrors of Impotency.CUPlDEJfE cleanses the liver, the
*-»r»t.».^w,..« * • kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
CIIPIDE^E strengthens and restores small weak organs.
«»_ A he reason sufferers are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
ProAlatltt*. CUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
5^ A written guarantee given and money returned If six boxes does not effect a permanent cur&
§1.00 a box, six for $5.00, by mall. Send for ran: circular and testimonials.
Address DAVOL MEDICINJS CO., 632 MarKet street. San Francisco, Cal. For Sale by
UHOOKS' I'IiAKHACV, 119 l*oweU»tr^«
the time when the gospel would again be
restored, and when the kingdom would
again be set up in the last days (Rev.
xiv, 6-7. Daniel ii, 44-5).- And we the Latter
Day Saints testify that that ansel has come
(Rev. xiv, 6-7) and that Joseph Smith was
the instrument in the hands of the Lord
in restoring the gospel in this day with all
its glorious gifts and blessings as of old.
Rev. Mr. Martyn to Speak.
Rev. Carlos Martyn, D.D., known as the
I " Parkhurst of Chicago," will deliver an ad
| dress to the Presbyterian Ministerial Union at
j its meeting at 10:30 o'clock this morning, In
the Home of the Occidental Board. 920 Sacra
-1 mento street, on the subject of "Christian
Citizenship."
NEW TO-PAT.
•••^*+*******************
■* .*
if. The January ix*ur of The Black Cat (150,000 M
if. copies^ lias sold out in ten days. I
I The Black Cat I
+r -FOR *
i FEBRUARY J
• CONTAINS SIX if
) Tiptop !
! Tales f
• Mystery ! Ghosts ! t
* Love! Adventure! *
5 - *
■£. All original, all captivating, all copy- £
-X righted, all complete, and -*
£ •
| All for Cents. i
t t
* Of newsdealers. If yours hasn't it, ami *
J won't get it for you, pet another new ideal? r.~k
■♦ If you haven't a dealer, send us stamps for ■¥•
■% "the most fascinating live cents' wor;h on ■*:
•♦f earth." The Shortstory Publishing Com-
■$. pany, Boston, Mass. ~ ■*■
* - *
9 9
jJ\ food \
j Drink j
X That's what Ghirar<feHj.'s <*
r Cocoa is. It gives to dyspeptics f
f the greatest amount of nour- 4}
iishment with least possible A
work for the digestive organs, a
(It is to the well a preventative '■
of an overtaxed stomach ; de- f
creasing the need for quantities 9
!of solid foods. £•&&&£•&&£> i
The BEST Cocoa, must be i
(FRESH. Age, exposure, etc. \
causes loss of strength and '
nourishing qualities. Ghirar- .9
4 delli's is made HERE — comes 0
A to you almost direct; & is 4
a FRESHEST/ STRONGEST, a
i 30 cups for 25 cts.^^^*«^^^ \
\ Ask for^^^i^^c^t^^t^^ J
( Ghirardelli's <£ I
J COCOA ■<*,*]
CLEARANCE SALE
row the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from ■ - £&b
the manufacturers a full and tSLm ■
complete assortment of the la-' ?*T4
test designs In Sprino and Him- ■f^- y
hex Goods, 1 therefore offer my
entire stock of Woolkns now Si/Stt^
on hand at Prices never before J»sNptilw9
offered In San Francisco. v^^^^-^^^4
GUARANTEED GENUINE %■ ml
ENGLISH CASSIMERE
PANTS TO ORDER : P^ : l]f
POKMERLT REDUCED TO K/fRSRr
$10.00 $6.50 fIUSf
ALL WOOL SUITS I\U «
TO ORDER: I m\\
FORMERLY EEDVCro TO Hi' 3Em
$25.00 $17.50 II ill
All other Garments Reduced '^"fJrTJtf'^ri
In like proportion. You will do )£/^
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and gIT«
me a call before buying elsewhere.
Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEiM, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush,
724 Market St. and 1110 & 1112 Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO. Cttl.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN* UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
>?E^DEWEY &CO.^T
X 3-
V^^2o MARKET ST.S.F^SS^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
CHARLEB H. THTLLIPS, ATTORNEY-4.T
7. J* w ,* nd Nouury Public, ti» Market at, oppo.
puoiio 670, - .
56
JftLesißßSJ* 111
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDCIE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.18
Daily and Sunday Cam., one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Cam., tbree months by mall 1.60
Dally and Pun Cay Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday am., one year, by mail 1.60
Wkkkly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco. California.
telephone Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street,
telephone M»!n-1874 j
BRANCH OFFICES :
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
:S0 o'clock.
BS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Parkin street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
few. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Emus o'clock. v,
2618 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
IX* JNUilh street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 31 and 32, S4 Park Row, New York City.
DAVID M. rOLTZ, Special Agent.
MONDAY JANUARY 20. 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
If there is any thing on earth can raise
the wind for silver it is the Senate.
Nothing is inactive this year except
things that are hopelessly stagnant.
Democracy will hold a National Conven
tion, but hasn't decided what to hold it
for.
By this time Huutington has discovered
that nobody has really wished him a happy
year.
Cleveland and Huntington are a hard
pair to whip at one session, but Congress
can do it.
The recent war flurries have enabled
John Bull to spot his foes, but where are
his friends?
The anti-fnnding convention did its
work well and now comes the time for the
people to act strongly in support of it.
Up to this time the third-term move
ment has done no more than oscillate be
tween the White House and Wall street.
The Congressional committee has sat on
Bayard long enough and should now be
ready to give the whole House a chance.
A visit of the British flying squadron to
the Bermudas might be made profitable to
us as an object lesson in naval extension.
Bonds may suffice to tide over the deficit
in the revenue, but they make no check on
foreign competition with American labor.
Cleveland began his second term
the increase in the National debt amounts
to $'300,147,72^, and there is more to come.
Cleveland issues bonds on his own re
bility, but it was tne deficit tariff of
the freetraders that gave him occasion to
do bo.
The deficit tarifE is bad from a financial
point of view, but it is much worse when
considered with regard to its effect on
American industry.
Huntington is said to be distributing
secret circulars in Washington, but there
is no certainty that the distribution is con
lined strictly to circulars.
Cleveland must have been standing on
tiptoe when he wrote his Venezuelan mes
sage, for he ha? not been living up to it in
his foreign policy generally.
In trying to cover the deficit with bonds,
Cleveland is true to the Democratic in
stinct of believing that any fault can be
concealed by committing a bieger one.
If the Democratic party could see its
way clear to adopt at Chicago a platform
denouncing Cleveland the convention
wouldn't have to advertise for candidates
to stand on it.
Any funding scheme that would give
the monopoly a grip on California for fifty
years to come would enable it to grow so
strong it could not be shaken off for an
other fifty years.
The selection of Chicago as the site of
the Democratic National Convention is
said to be a goldbug victory, but we shall
pee whether they can hold the fort when
the silver men storm it In July.
The New York people promised the
Democratic committee snch pure water
that the delegates to the convention
wouldn't want even a milk shake, and
straightway the committee voted for an
other town.
The story that Krueger is a Pennsyl
vania Dutchman received some confirma
tion from the picture of his whiskers, but
his inability to distinguish between Ameri
can miners and British raiders explodes
the ideaaltogether.
Perhaps the reason why there is no act
ive candidate for the Democratic Presi
dential nomination is because each candi
date fears if he started any movement at
all he would get too far ahead of his party
ever to get back again.
Judging from the situation in the Sen
ate the free-silver movement is practically
a non-partisan movement, and it is hard
to see how it can be made to cut any figure
in party politics during a National cam
paign unless Democracy should nominate
another goldbug.
Under the protective tariff system the
annual average of British exports of wool
and woolen goods from 1891 to 1894
amounted to about $25,000,000, but in 1895,
under the AViison tariff, they amounted to
more than $.*>, 000,000, making a profit of
about $30,000,000 annually for England.
The Berkeley Gazette having found that
Montana flour is sold in that city made in
quiry into the matter and discovered that
while it costs more to harvest grain ana
grind flour in Montana than in California,
it can nevertheless be shipped 1000 miles
and sold here at a profit because the rail
road gives long-haul rates to the Montana
men and makes it up by heavy charges on
the home flourmakers.
Sherman favors greenbacks and National
banks, but 'opposes bonds. Hill favors
banks and bonds, but opposes greenbacks.
Hoar favors banks, but opposes greenbacks
and bonds. Mills favors greenbacks, but
opposes banks and bonds. Peffer opposes
everything that is and favors something
else. There are some other views to be
taken of the financial question, and there
fire also Bonje other Senators to take them.
KEEP UP THE FIGHT.
The action of the State convention on
the railroad funding bill by no means re
lieves the people of the duty to continue
the light down to the moment of its tinal
disposition by Congress. Although the
State, through the medium of this con
vention, has expressed its views, there are
many other ways in which effective work
can be done. Persistency is an indispen-
sable factor in any contest.
Mayor Sutro has deplored what he takes
to be an appearance of apathy on the part
of the people. If such a feeling of indif
ference exists it will be the strongest
weapon which the railroad can use against
us in its fight before Congress. There is
no question of a division of opinion in
California on this subject. Every one not
a friend of the railroad and enemy of the
State wauts to see the funding bill de
feated. If there is an appearance of apathy
it is not founded on any lack of under
standing of the terrible consequences
which would How from the passage of
that measure.
In ail such movements the popular wish
appears dormant unless it is strikingly
made evident by the force and industry of
leaders. Under the present condition of
affairs in California the power of the rail
road is so great that fear may exercise a
repressing influence to a considerable ex
tent. The merchants of San Francisco
know what it is to be terrorized and made
to suffer for speaking their minds. They
remember how they have been punished
by artful discriminations in favor of their
rivals who were less bold. Farmers know
what it is to have their produce kept in
country warehouses on the pretext that
cars to move it could not ba found, in case
they had darea to antagonize the railroad.
For this very reason the present state of
affairs offers an exceptionally inviting op
portunity for able and fearless leaders to
present themselves and inspire courage in
the timid and energy in the slow, The
hand of destiny is uplifted against this
enormous power that is so antagonistic to
every principle of American institutions,
ami the beginning of its downfall is at
hand. Those who have the courage and
the patriotism to step into the breach at
this grievous time will make for them
selves names that will live in the history
of the State, and, as victory will surely re
ward their efforts, tha people will natur
ally turn to them as leaders in the further
progress of the State.
Every town and city council, every
Board of Supervisors, every body of citi
zens organized for Jocal or general ad
vancement can pass resolutions against
the funding bill and forward them to Con
gress. P2very trades union and every sort
of labor organization can do the same.
Clubs can be formed in every community
for tho purpose of fighting the bill and
making the popular sentiment of antagon
ism effective. We have but just entered
upon a fight for State and home, and it is
the duty of every citizen to put forth the
best effort that he can.
WOEK TOE THE JUET.
The new Grand Jury has an opportunity
for making a record at the beginning of its
career. The Finance Committee of the
Board of Supervisors apparently has dis
covered that a number of supernumeraries
are drawing salaries from the City treasury
without giving an equivalent in tho form
of adequate service. While the committee
is doubtless able to handle the matter with
perfect satisfaction the G rand J ury need
not deny itself the privilege of bringing in
indictments.
It requires a small army of men to man
ape the affairs of this City, and it is this
fact that gives the corrupt bosses their op
portunity. Of course the pilfering done
by these hangers-on could not exist with
out the connivance of the heads of depart
ments, unless we assume thai they are in
competent or negligent. The task of as
certaining their personal or political rela
tions with shady bosses would not be diffi
cult, and the fact if discovered would
naturally raise a presumption of crooked
ness.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors is a mixture from the minority
and the Solid Eight. If the committee
show a unanimity of purpose in discover
ing and correcting the abuses which are
supposed to exist we shall be furnished
thereby with evidence that the Solid Eight
are determined to do their duty. It would
be an extraordinary, but none the le9s
gratifying, thing if the Solid Eight after
all — or at least a sufficient number of them
to constitute a working force with the
minority of four— should arrive at the
conclusion that it ia better to serve the City
than bosses.
The history of such breaking; away from
the domination of corrupt influences has
been generally that the officer who made
a break lor freedom and decency was after
ward crushed in politics. That is likely to
be the. result either if the officer lack con
spicuous individual force or the power of
his boss is supreme. If he have sufficient
manhood, brains and courage, he can in
variably benefit himself by declaring his
emancipation and serving the public hon
estly, without regard to the extent of
power which the boss may be able to exer
cise.
At present the bosses who have man
aged the politics of San Francisco in the
past and loaded the offices with incompe
tents and rogues are practically dead, and
this fact should serve as a special induce
ment to their friends in office to abandon
them. There is abroad a popular revolt
that will overturn the last one of these
consciencelesß manipulators and place
men of character on guard. There is
bound, sooner or later, to come a scramble
for safety, and it might as well begin now
as later.
SUPPEESS THE BANDITS.
The frequency with which stages are
robbed in certain mountainous regions of
California calls for prompt and efficient
means to suppress the evil. Two such rob
beries have occurred in the vicinity of
Ukiah, and the result of one of them is
that a citizen who went in pursuit of the
highwaymen has been shot to pieces.
There are three ways in which this species
of outlawry can be stopped. One is for
the counties themselves to organize a
mounted and armed patrol of the roads,
another is for the State to employ a suffi
cient force of men for the service, and
another is for the National Government to
come to the front.
The only pretense of a gnard that has
ever been established over the safety of
mountain travel has been the "shotgun
messengers" of Wells, Fargo & Co.'s ex
press. It is not the business of any pri
vate corporation to insure the safety of
life and property on the highways of the
country. If the express company had a
private interest sufficient to warrant the
employment of an armed guard to protect
the property which it has taken for trans
port, the counties, the State and the Na
tional Government have an immeasurably
larger interest and duty in protecting the
lives and property of their citizens from
the terrible clanger which the highway
man represents.
It is a curious absurdity in the manage
ment of National affairs to Bee a strong
troop of cavalry sent annually into the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
Government reservations m the Sierra and
armed to keep sheep ana hunters at a dis
tance, while the Jives and property of
citizens and the mails of the United States
are cheerfully left at the mercy of desper
ate cutthroats. The State of California
has taken a commendable step in making
train-robbery a capital offense, but that
was done merely under the pressure of the
railroad company's influence. The com
paratively 7>oor men who run stages have
not learned the art or acquired the power
of using the Legislature as a means for in
suring public security while serving a pri
vate interest.
The United States Secret Service is a
powerful organization which concerns
itself greatly over counterfeiters and the
abuse of the mails as agencies for the dis
semination of immoral literature, but not
a linger i? raised to guard the mails which
are so essential to the dwellers in moun
tain regions. The whole situation is ab
surd and incongruous. Not only should
stage-robbery be made a capital offense,
but the State should have a mounted
patrol and a detective service, and the
United States should give some of its sol
diers a Jittle exercise at ieast in hunting
down highwaymen if not in preventing
their operations by more direct means.
LOOSELY DEAWN LAWS.
It would be natural to expect in a newly
organized government making laws based
on a constitution that the attention of the
higher courts would be for a certain length
of time considerably taken up in constru
ing the laws and settling the question of
their constitutionality. But it would be
also expected that within a reasonable
time the law-making bodies would acquire
the art of framing intelligent enactments
and exercising a little judgment on the
score of constitutionality.
The successive Legislatures which Cali
fornia has sent to Sacramento have not
given exhibition either of judgment or ex
perience in this regard, and yet we have
been organized as a State for more than
half a century. Every Legislature leaves
a batch of wild enactments that bewilder
the people, disarrange important public
concerns and crowd the courts with use
less actions. The latest discovery is that
th^ teachers' pension fund law is so badly
drawn tuat tio custodian for the fund ac
cumulated by the assessment of teachers
can be found to have been provided for.
This makes the law inoperative, besides
other radical defects which have come to
light. The whole thing will have to be re
enacted.
The fee bill has proved another source
of great annoyance. Worse than any
other, however, is the condition of the pri
mary election law, which was aimed to
make the forming of a political convention
a part of the regular election machinery of
the State. That nothing like intelligent
attention was given to its framing i 8 shown
by the fact that, although it provides for
the selection of thirty electors in each pre
cinct who are on the last assessment roll
to serve as a body from which five
election officers are to be drawn, it is a no
torious fact that some precincts do not con
tain thirty voters possessing the property
qualification to serve as such officers. For
the overlooking of that fact no excuse what
ever can be imagined.
It is tnus all along the line. Legislative
committees are appointed principally for
the purpose of ,eeing that the often insane
and generally loosely drawn bills presented
are put in intelligent shape before submis
sion to the respective houses for action. This
precaution has not produced me desired ef-
feet, and the result is an unsettled condi
tion of affairs and ceaseless litigation. It
might be interesting some time to make a
careful estimate of the damage which the
State has suffered from this sort of care-
lessness and iucompetency. Unless a
higher standard of intelligence is estab
lished in the selection of members of the
Legislature, it will be necessary to estab
lish a court having power to determine the
sanity and constitutionality of all meas
ures before they are placed on final pas^
sage.
COAST EXCHANGES.
The organization of boards of trade, snch
as that which has been instituted at Palo
Alto, according to the Times of that place,
would, if generally followed throughout
the State, go a long way toward insuring
greater prosperity. The Palo Alto board
is composed of fifteen business and crofes-
sional men, and is named the Retail Mer
chants' Protective Association. The fol
lowing from its constitution explains its
aim:
"The objects and purposes of this asso
ciation are as follows: To foster, encour
age and develop the mercantile and home
interests of the city of Palo Alto; to cpl
lcct, preserve and circulate useful informa
tion respecting said city; to encourage and
procure wise and helpful legislation and
oppose and defeat the enactment of all
laws and ordinances which may injuriously
affect the mercantile interests of said city;
to promote integrity, fair dealing and good
faith among, anrt adjust and determine all
disputes and differences relating to busi
ness matters between its members; to
forward the improvement of streets,
roaas, avenues and public parks; to
increase and extend railroad and
transportation facilities; to aid and en
courage the erection of needed pub
lic buildings, the establishment of new
manufactories ana the advance of local
improvements; to encourage all like or
ganizations in other towns ancicitieß; to
act in unison with like associations; to
discourage the practice among wholesale
merchants and jobbers of other cities of
retailing merchandise, and to encourage
all residents of Palo Alto to patronize
home merchants and industries, and gen
erally to strive with united efforts to in
crease the wealth, industries, influence,
trade and population of Palo Alto."
Summerland also has organized a Board
of Trade, but on somewhat different lines.
Its by-laws declare the purposes of the or
ganization to be: u To call attention to
the oil and gas fields of Sumraerland and
to invite capital for developing the same;
to encourage manufactures, the building
of a wharf at Summerland, and the im
provement of all roads leading thereto;
to advertise the peculiar advantages of
Summerland as a health and pleasure re
sort, and promote any and every enter
prise calculated to bring an honest, in
dustrious class of permanent settlers to our
town. In general the object of this asso
ciation is to assist in forming an intelli
gent public sentiment whose foundation
shall be a just pride in our fair town and
county, and which when properly directed
will make this the most attractive place
upon the Pacific Coast."
Messrs. Blake, Shartleff and Bremer,
publishers of the Trinity Journal, an
nounce the completion of the fortieth
volume of that able and attractive paper.
The transforming of the enormous water
power of the California mountains into
electric energy for industrial purposes is
proceeding with giant strides. The Clear
Lake scheme, already noted in these col
umns, has taken definite shape, and its
proportions are gigantic. The Napa Regis,
ter, quoting the Rev. Richard Wylie, one
of the wealthy promoters of the scheme,
says: "It is proposed to build, equip and
operate an electric railroad from Napa
City— or from tidewater on the Bay of San
Francisco, south of Napa, or from a point
of connection with a railroad system al
ready connected— up the Napa Valiey, on
the east side, with connection to Napa
Soda Springs, northward throxigh Conn,
Sage and chiles valleys into Pope, with
connections to Berryessa Valley; thence
by Butts Canyon into Lake County, into
the Loconoma and Guenoc valleys, with
connection to Middletown and neighbor
ing mines and springs ; thence to Lower
Lake, and thence by lake shore to Kelsey
villeand to a terminus at Lakeport, the
county seat of Lake County; also to fur
nish electric power where needed along the
line from Lakeport to Vallejo and Marc-
Island. The electric power is to be pro
cured from electric works of the company
situated on Cache Creek, the outlet of
Clear Lake. The length of the proposed
railroad is about eighty-five miles — sixty
miles from Napa to Lake and eighteen
miles to Lakeport, with the addition of
some miles south from Napa."
The annual review published by the
Santa Rosa Republican is an able and thor
ough exposition of the beauties, resources
and progress of Sonoma County. It is
gratifying to learn from it that nearly
$400,000 waa invested in permanent im
provements in that city during the past
year.
While so much attention is being turned
to the installation of electric plants to
utilize the water-power of the mountains
the Lodi Revieiv-Budgeb calls attention to
the enticing invitation which the Moke
lumne River offers. According' to our
contemporary such a plant could be ad
vantageously placed at Westmoreland's
bridge, where the old Mokelumne Ditch
Company located its dam, and have a fall
of several hundred feet, all that would be
required under any circumstances to gen
erate the electric current, and this not
twenty miles from Lodi on a direct line.
If a plant were put in there it could sup
ply Stockton and all the neighboring
towns with just such power and lignt as
is to be furnished Fresno.
The Enterprise is a bright and promising
paper which has been started by M. 11.
McCarthy at Castroville, Monterey County.
With reasonable charges for transporta
tion and with an abundance of crude oil in
the State, California ought to be able to
compete with the Standard Oil Com pan y
in supplying refined oil to this market. It
is announced by the Redlands Citrograph
that the Puonte Oil Company has decided
to erect a refinery at Chino. It will have a
capacity of 500 barrels a day and will be
ready to start up in the early spring.
The Kern Count;/ Californian publishes
the following interesting news: "Senator
Goucher intends to start a newspaper in
Fresno. It is to be a straightout Demo
cratic paper and ia 'to tell the truth.'
Those who are acquainted with the Sena
tor's sledge-hammer style trust that he has
his life insured for a large amount, and
that he has a plac in the new Fresno cem
etery set aside for him."
J. Faunt Le Roy has succeeded James F.
Lyon as publisher of the Gnadalupe Sen
tinrl, which, though only a little over a
year old, ably reflects the prosperity of
that progressive community.
The San Bernardino Index, announces
that C. B. Hughes has filed a claim on
500,000 miner's inches of water in Lvtle
Creek, at a place called Miller's Narrows,
on the land of J. X. Miller, for the purpose
of constructing a dam and reservoir. The
power is to be converted into electricity,
which will be distributed all through the
valley for light and manufacturing pur
poses. The surplus ia to be carried down
in a cement ditch to the Grapeland irri
gating system.
In beginning its fifth volume, the Santa
Barbara Flag expresses confidence in the
continuation of the prosperity which has
rewarded its efforts in the past.
The Winnemucca Stiver State, quoting
the Deeth Tidings, calls attention to the
need of irrigation in Nevada and the facili
ties which abound for introducing it. Irri
gation is necessary to the further develop
ment of the State, and concert of effort to
remove the aridity which checks settle
ment would invite a large accession of
capital, enterprise and population. The
one practical plan is the storage of water
in reservoirs. Our contemporary adds:
"Each succeeding spring witnesses in Elko
County, and the entire State for that mat
ter, swollen rivers, creeks, streams and
brooks doing considerable damage and no
good whatever. A system of storage
reservoirs would save all this waste until
it was needed later on in the season. That
it would require a good deal of capital to
accomplish this work as it should be done
is a foregone conclusion, but then capital
is never backward wherever a sure and
profitable investment is opened. Every
valley in Elko County is more than capa
ble of supporting over double its present
population were these reservoirs erected,
and consequently every inch of water
stored would be sold and utilized before
the season was over at a big profit to the
projectors and of untold benefit to our
agricultural and cattle industries."
The Ventura Press, having entered upon
its twenty-first volume, is just old enough
to enjoy its triumphs of the past without
a diminution of its hopes and efforts for
the future.
One of the first large results of developing
the petroleum stores of California is an
nounced by the Stockton Independent. The
Union Mills of that city changed from
coal-burners to oil-burners. The change
was made so quickly that the only delay
was caused by the wait necessary for the
furnaces to cool sufficiently after the coal
fires had been drawn to make the intro
duction of the oil safe. Mr. Green of the
Richard Green Crude Oil Company of Los
Angeles was present, and he said : "We
have made any number of tests and we
know what tbe oil is. The test usually is
as to the amount of water that a given
quantity of oil will evaporate. We know
that from three to three and a half barrels
of this oil will do as much worn as a ton of
coal, according to the kind of coal. Three
barrels will do the work of a ton of Wel
lington Bcreenii.gs, but I tbink it will take
about three and a half barrels to do the
work of a ton of coal such as is used here,
which is the best obtainable. Oil can be
laid down here at $1 10 to $1 20 per barrel,
so torn it is easy to see a saving in using
it. Heretofore the mill has been working
three men in the fireroom, two attending
the fires and one wheeling coal. With oil
one man will do the work and he will not
be busy all the time. The second saving
will, therefore, be good enough to look
after even if the fuel is no cheaper."
lone rejoices in the Valley Echo, which
has just entered upon its fourteenth vol
ume. Its prosperity is an evidence of the
high appreciation in which it is held.
According to the Los Angeles Record
an unexpected railroad factor has ap
peared in the transportation affairs of
California. It asserts positively that the
Denver and Rio Grande Railway is mak
ing active preparations to build into this
t?tate for the purpose of connecting with
the Valley road at Fresno and also to make
a southern terminal at Los Angeles. The
statement appears to be based upon tan
gible probability, and developments will
be watched with much interest.
It was inadvertently announced in these
columns recently that Messrs. Ruggles &
KeucK had sold the Lodi Sentinel. It was
the Review-Budget that they disposed of.
W. C. Holloway, the talented young
editor and proprietor of the Oakdale
Leader, is being overwhelmed with jour
nalistic congratulations over his mar
riage to Miss Elsie Emery, an accom
plished young lady of Oakdale.
The Advance is a new paper recently
started at Porterville, . Tulare County.
It is a gem of typographical work and is
full of pluck.
The Redlands Citrograph has completed
its seventeenth volume and is as hand
some in appearance and energetic in char
acter as ever. It could not be otherwise
with Scipio Craig in the editorial chair.
The Chico Chronicle-Record has undergone
a complete change of management. V.
C. Richard retires and E. E. Wood and C.
W. Clough succeed him. This strong old
paper will continue its able work in ad
vancing the prosperity of one of.the richest
sections of California.
PERSONAL.
G. D. Plato, a merchant of Modesto, is at the
Grand.
A. Rubenstein, a merchant of Fresno, is at
the Russ.
R. J. Harrell, a banker of Visalia, la staying
at the Palace.
Assemblyman R. I. Thomas of Nevada City is
at the Palace.
R. T. Devlin, an attorney of Sacramento, is a
guest at the Grand.
C. C. Mclvor, a big wlnemaker of Mission San
Jose, is at the Palace.
O. M. Simpson, a leading lumber man of
Stockton, is at the Occidental.
John Spaulding, a mining man of Auburn,
reristered at the Grand yesterday.
Senator E. C. Voorhies came in from Sutter
City yesterday and registered at the Palace.
A. Trojan of Budapest, Huntary, one of the
principal owners of Hunyadi water, is at the
Palace.
Sam JfcMurtrie, a coutractoron the coast line
of the Southern Pacific, came up from Guada
lupe yesterday and registered at the Palace.
H. R. McCullough, general freight agent of
the Chicago and Northwestern, arrived from
Chicago yesterday and registered at the Palace.
Alfred Stillman, a well-known insurance
man, formerly of this City, came down from
Portland yesterday and is staying at the Cali
fornia.
Gerald L. Lansing, secretary and controller
of the Southern Pacific, who has been ill for
several months ana unable to attend to his
duties, is about to go to Santa Barbara for
some days. '
A MONSTER REPTILE.
If the eyes of our reader could open in the
Jurassic Age, on the eastern slope of the
Rocky Mountains, he might behold the
strangest, if not the largest, reptile that ever
existed; not that its proportions were at all
contemptible— since it measured at least thirty
feet from head to end of tail— but its anaiomy
and external appearance were beyond com
parison the most extraordinary that ever ex
isted, says Popular Science. Even the mon
ster mammal, the megatherium, was an ordi
nary, common-place sort of creature in com
parison. This is the groat roof lizard or stego-
Baurus. In appearance it resembled what?
The gigantic comb of some almost inconceiv
ably great cock. A comb with legs and arms
distantly suggesting those of a human being
A GIGANTIC STEGOSAURUS ON BROADWAY.
[Reproduced from Popular Science.]
and a head which, if it were not so dispropor
tionately small, might suggest the beak of the
bird to which the comb belonged.
Like the megatherium, the stegosaurus could
support itself upon its tail and two hind legs,
a posture that seems to have been possible to
many of the earlier animals, but which is now
possessed only by the different species of kan
garoos. The forelimbs had as much freedom
of action as a human arm, the fore feet or paws
were provided with five fingers, but the large
and powerful hind legs had only three toes,
covered and protected by heavy hoofs. The
most curious part of the external anatomy of
the creature is the great plates that, placed in
a row aloug ita back, gave it the appearance of
the comb of a cock, of which mention has been
made, and the most cuiious part of its internal
anatomy is that it had two sets of brains, one
in its skull Hnd another ten times as large in
the regiou of its haunches. Its solid bulk, if
placed across a street of ordinary width like
Broadway would completely block it, stretch
ing across from one sidewalk to the opposite-
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Tierre Loti is writing a romance called ••Ra
moncho," about smugglers on the Basque
frontiers. It will be ready next summer.
Canon Muller of Fulda has arranged the old
Saxon epic, "Heiland," describing the life of
Christ, as a mystery play and set it to music.
The grave of Grimaldi, the great English
clown, is in at. James' churchyard, Penion
ville, London. Mme. Grimaldt.his niece, has
started a movement to have a monument
erected over it.
King Humbert of Italy has received a new
pet. It is a young lion, caught nearKassala,
and is kept in a stable of the Palazzo San Felice,
Rome. Its attendant is a native of the Tigre, a
tall, robust youth, who speaks Italian well.
The late Baron Larrey, son of Napoleon's
surgeon, has left a bequest to the Paris Acad
emy of Science for an annual prize of 1000
francs for the best treatise by an army doctor
on any question of medicine, surgery or sani
tation.
Dr. McGlynn has settled down to the routine
duties of a suburban pastor. In his church at
Newburg he has introduced a number of city
improvements, and his old-time ability to
make friends and keep ihem is as pronounced
as ever.
At the election of Pope Pius IX, but of sixty
one Cardinals only nine wore not Italians; at
his death there were twenty-four non-Italians
out of sixty-four. When Cardinal Persico died
a little while ago the numbers were equal,
thirty-two of each, but the death of Cardinal
Melchers leaves the Italian Cardinals in a ma
jority of one.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Joseph Fairbanks, who served as a private in
the Federal army from July 1, 1861, to June
23. 1865, and has been a resident of San Fran
cisco most of the time since then, claims to be
the youngest veteran of the Civil War who car
ried a musket in that great contest between
the North and the South.
"I see that John E. Watson claims to be the
youngest veteran of the war,' he said yester
day. "He isn't, though, and I can prove it.
He didn't enlist till ISC4. Why, man alive, I'd
been fighting four years then and had been in
over twenty battles and was still only about
the same age as lie."
Then Mr. Fairbanks told of his experiences.
He was a newsboy of Albany, N. V., and a favor
ite among the officers of the camp near that
city. They gave him many privileges not ac
corded other youngsters.
"One day William King, captain of Company
I of the Thirty-fourth New York Infantry,
Jos. Fairbanks.
[From a photograph.]
asked me why I didn't go for a soldier. I bad
got the army fever and it was just what I
wanted. So I said, 'but am I big enough?'
"He looked at me and called a soldier, and
told him to give me his gun. Then I put it at
charge and the soldier pressed against the
bayonet with his chest till it hurt him, but he
couldn't push me back, so Captain King said
I'd do, and I enlisted. That was July 1, 1861.
I was then just 12 years 1 month and 8 days
old, but I was big for my age and strong."
Young Fairbanks was at once sent to Wash
ington, and joined the army of the Potomac,
where he at first followed the fortunes of Gen
eral McClelltin, and saw most of the awful
fighting in Virginia and Pennsylvania. To
substantiate his claims he has the testimony
of R. H. Webber of 2225 Larkin street, who
has been a letter-carrier in this City for many
years. Webber was then a young man of 20,
and in the long marches through Virginian
swamps he often carried his boy-comrade's
gun and blankets as well as his own.
When Fairbanks' term of service expired he
enlisted for three years in Company X of the
Seventh New York Heavy Artillery. He -was
ordered to Fort Reno, just back of Washing
ton, but was employed by Grant in the in
fantry, and was at Fort McUenry, in Maryland,
when mustered out of the service with an hon
orable discharge.
It was not till long after the war that he
suffered materially from the wounds he re
ceived in the service. Latterly he has been
unable to leave his bed, and has been reduced
to absolute want, his pension of $11 a month,
increased by what his oldest boy makes selling
papers, being the sole support of a large fam
ily. He is too proud to ask help, but has from
time to time received assistance from old com
rades, who have sent food and clothing ana
money to his home e.t 50}^ Norfolk street. He
is a comrade of Lincoln Post No. 1, G. A. B.
LADY'S WAIST WITH BOLERO.
Lady's skirt with circular front and godet
back.
The Bolero is much in evidence again show-
ing it«=elf in dayland evening waists, for both
young and older women. The illustration
above shows two ways of combining materiala
very charmingly. The large figure illustrates
• a exquisite gown of black and light blue, ttie
skirt, back of waist end Bolero being of the
wool fabric; the sleeves of black satin, the full
front of black chiffon over blue. The revcrs
of blue overlaid with white lace. The back
view shows another gown in plaid, Dut of
bright colors, many hues being harmoniously
blended in a delightful manner, suggestive of
the plumage of the peacock. The waist back
and the Bolero are of brown velvet, with re
vers of white satin covered with creamy lane,
and finished with a narrow band of sahle. T.;e
vest i<) of white satin and lace, matching the
revers, the sleeve of the plaid wool matching
the revers. The folded collar is of white satin
ribbon, with a large bow at the back.
Made in light colors, this model forms some
of the newest and handsomest evening waists.
Two materials are generally employed, as chif
fon in pale violet, of which the full short puffer
sleeve U made (the ruff or fitted lawn sleeve
being omitted in these design w sts), the wnist
back and Bolero being of white sain, with vio
lets (of velvet) in natural tints strewn over its
glossy surface. The revers of lace are plain
white satin.
Another waist was of creamy lace over white
satin for the sleeveo. and full front, the waist
and back Bolero being of rose-colored miroir
velvet, oi which the collar was alio made. The
revers of velvet were edged with sable.
A waist made entirely of black chiffon over
a black silk with flowers in gay colors, had the
Bo'ero and revers of "miroir" velvet in
"couleur de rose." This waist suggested possi
bilities for making over a figured Japan silk
into a stylish bodice.
A dream in pink had pink chiffon sleevss
and waist trom, the waist back rovers and
Bolero being oi creamy lace over pink satin;
the revers trimmed with a finger of sable.
CAMP MEETING SONG.
Oh, it ain't so mighty long twell you hear de trum
pet blow—
Sinner, git yo' ticket fer de train!
Ef you want to ter get ter glory you must whip de
hoss and go—
Sinner, git yo' ticket fer d* train !
Yonder is Ue rainbows a-shinin';
Satan fer de sinner is a-pinin':
He's a-waitin' night en day
Tweil de sinner rorae his way—
Oh, sinner, git yo' ticket fer de trajo!
Oh, de sky is {twine to roll up, en de moon'll tn'n
ter red —
Sinner, git yo' ticket fer de train !
Is you Kwfne ter let de trumpet wake de sinner up
In bed?
Sinner. Ret yo' ticket fer de train !
Yonder is de rainbow a-shinln';
Satan fer de sinner is a-pinin';
He's a singtn' it his song
Twell de siDner com« along—
Oh, sinner, git yo' ticket fer de 'train!
—Chicago Times-Herald.
CURRENT HUMOR.
The Rev. Mr. Gideon Gosling— Mr arrival
here seems to have caused some excitement.
Porter— Yes, sir, but, bless yer, nothing to
the dancing bear that came yesterday.— Punch.
Saleswoman— lsn't the cashier an awful fool?
Floorwalker— Why?
Saleswoman— Why, she gets $100 a month
and is going to get married.— Chicago Record.
♦'The difference between a street and a
woman," said the Cheerful Idiot to the assem
bled and up-to-that-time-happy boarders, '-is
that the cross streets are quietest."—lndianap
olis Journal.
Sunday-school Teacher— Why were only Noah
and his family saved in the ark?
Small Boy— 'Cause Noah was good, and didn't
ask nothin'. The rest wanted the earth, an'
they got it.— New York Weekly.
Baroness (to lady companion)— The begin
ning of this novel is horribly dull. Have the
goodness, Fraulein Brockhardt, to read the
first two or three chapters for me: I will then
go on with the fourth.— Keierabend.
"Cbawies is what I call a twue patwiot," re
marked Willie Wibbies. "He's American to
the back bone."
"How do you know?"
"He keeps his twouaahs tunned down now
whethah it is waining in London or not." —
Washington Post.
Dr. Sage— You are troubled with headaches,
and you do not sleep well. Evidently, what
you need is exercise. What is your occupa
tion?
Patient— l'm a woodsawyer.
Dr. Sage— Well — er, suppose you do not grease
your saw for a week or two.— Boston Tran
script.
Steoxg hoarhound candy, lsc lb. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pras»
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
Mistress— Bridget, everything in the house la
covered with dust; I can't stand it.
Bridget— Do as I do, mum ; don't pay any at
tention to it. — London Tid-Bits.
Thisk of the thousands of sufferers who on ac
count of impnre blood have endured hours of pain
and spent much money fof different medicines, who
after taking Hood's Sarsapnrilla have been cured.
" Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been used over fifty years by millions of moth
ers for their children while Teething with perfect
success. It soothes the child, softens the gams, al
lays Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowel 1
and 13 the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether
arising from teething or other causes. For sale by
Druggists In every part of the world. Be sure »a 1
ask tor Mrs, Wlnslow's Soothing Sjrrip. 2b j i
bottle.
Coboxabo.— Atmosphere is pertectly dry, soft
and mild, and is entirely free from the mists com
mon further north, itound-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay «2 60 per day. Apply
4 Kew Montgomery st., San Francisco.
To redttck your weight, use Vrettos' Belt.
NEW TO-DAY.
Isn't it a mistake to put
ALL the convenient, com-
fortable and pretty things in
the home ?
Shouldn't the office have
some ?
It should have a desk,
anyway ; a handy and re-
spectable-looking desk.
$26 for one like picture.
Solid o a k — nicely pol-
ished.
Roomy — convenient.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
II 7- Geary Street.
Mb x . Monday, January SOth,
|n Direct from Bucks
II County, Pennsylvania,
LI Pure, Sweet, real Apple
M Cider, 20 cents, quart.
{til Complete lists at your command.
JiW • Largest Department store.
jM Smiths 1 Cash Store,
■*« 414, 416,418 '.FR0NT ST* S.F,MONDAY JANUARY ISO, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
California Theater—" In Old Kentucky."
Columbia Theater— "The Ensign" to-morrow
night.
Morocco's OrEr.A-HousK-" A Man Without a
Country."
Tivoli Opera-house.— "lxion: or, The Man of
the Wheel."
Obfhecm.- Hlsb-Clasa Vaudeville.
tißovF/R'e AirA7AH.-" Wolves of New York."
Mac»onoi'gh Thkateb (Oakland) — ' The
I.ovo Chase,"' tonigbt.
emoTTHr: C'hvtkk.- Dally at nalght street
cte block cast of the Hark.
Pacific Coast Jockey Clpb.— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By J. J. Rawer— Monday, January 20, Work
Horses, Wagons, etc., at 216 Harrison street, at
11 o'clock.
Easton .v ELr>Rit>r.E.— Tuesday. January 21
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
By Kiixip A Co. — Tuesday, January 21
Roadsters and Trotting: Horses, fit snle3.vard, cor-
ner Van Ness avenue and Market St., at 11 a. m.
Baldwin 4 Hammonp.— Thursday* January 23,
Real Kstnte, at 10 Montgomery st.
CITY ITEMS IN BEIEF.
The Journeymen Butchers gave their annual
ball last night.
Purrant is sick with malaria contracted at
the County Jail.
The Postoffiee clerks gave their fourth an
nual ball •tEintracht Hall.
Sutro, brother of Mayor Adolph Sutro,
died yesterday in Baltimore.
The storm on Friday night did but little
damage in Golden Gate Park.
Th t > storm on Friday nignt did considerable
damage to the glaes in the new Cliff House.
There was a slide of 100 tons of earth from
the bunk on the east side of Buena Vista Park.
A large number of military marksmen faced
the targets at the Shell Mound range yesterday.
Some notable shooting was done at Schuetzen
Park yesterday by the German-American clnbs.
The Young Men's Christian Association will
celebrate its forty-third anniversary next Sun
day.
Dr. J. L. York, the liberaliat, declares that
religious controversies never settle any ques
tion.
Captain Morse and Seminole won their re
spective stakes at Ocean View coursing park
yesterday.
Miss Millie Viola fell from a balloon at the
Haijrht-street grounds yesterday and injured
her back and head.
'Cloudy weather and showers" is the pre
n for to-day's weather as issued by Fore
cast Or.eial McAdie.
Thomas Donlan Is at the Southern station,
charged with stealing a pup, blankets andcahh
ntrioua people.
The tunnei from the north end of the new
music concourse in the park to Fulton street
will be commenced this week.
E. B. Barney has been re-elected chairman
of the People's party City and County Com
mittee. A general reorganization has taken
place.
Residents in the Mission are expressing their
appreciation of the great good done by the
mounted police in checking evils from which
they suffered.
Rev. Dr. Ray Palmer discoursed to a packed
house in Metropolitan Hall yeste rday, on the
subject oi "Political Rome's'Judgrueut l>ay at
the Bar of Humau Liberty. "
Dr. Allen Griffiths, Pacific Coast theosophioi
lecturer, delivered an address on "Heredity"
the Theosophioal Society last evening
at Red Men's Hall on Post street.
Amateur handball champion Donnelly and
T. F. Bonnet defeated coast champion Harlow
and Al. Pennoyer at the San Francisco court
lay by three games to one.
The 'sealers of thi:; City are not satisfied with
«pc in which the regulations for 1896
have come. They want trustworthy regula
tions signed by Secretary Carlisle.
Captain Hugh T. time of the National Guard
cavalry troop has announced that he will
retire from active service. Lieutenant Jt-nks
will probably be made the captain.
The Highway Improvement Committee of the
L. A. W. has taken the initiative to boom the
visit of the State Bureau of Highways, to be
made to this City about the end of February.
Chinese Inspector J. D. Putnam of Los An
geies is in the City looking up evidence in the
I Kara Joy, a supposed Atlanta Exposi
tion girl, whom he arrested in Los Angeles on
Thursday.
National Guardsmen intend to ask the
Board of Supervisors to permit competitions
by all of the California regiments for the cen
tennial trophy, which was given by the citi
zens in 1870.
Harry Donohue, an Ashland (Or.) youth, was
fed and befriended by Harry Allbright, cashier
of the Palace Restaurant on Market street.
Then he burglarized Allbright'a room at 919
Powell street.
Through the carelessness of a conductor an
empty car dashed down the grade at the Cen
tral avenue terminus of the Sutter-street line
into a westbound car and both were almost
smashed to pieces. •
Morrison I. Swift lectured last night in
Alcazar Hall on "Strikes" and presented a
bolution for labor troubles. He held that a
general strike wsr feasible, indeed, probable,
ana certain of success.
F. F. Morse delivered a lecture in Armory
Hall last evening under the auspices of the
California Psychical Society. His subject was:
"The Baper-Pbysical World* in Relation to Its
Points of Contact With Us."
The Native Sons' headquarters have been
moved to the new building on Mason street,
where seven parlors meet already. The dedi
cation will be held February 9 and a grand
opening ball be given February 11.
Charles Nelson, a sailor belonging to the
schooner Alvina, was wrestling with another
sailor at section 2 of the seawall yesterday
afternoon when he was thi#ivn to the ground
end his left leg was broken in two places. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital.
Joseph Fairbanks, who enlisted in Company
1 of the Thirty-fourth New York Infantry July,
lStil.when only 12 years 1 month and 8 days of
age, is lying helpless from hU wounds and in
want at 00 l o Norfolk street. He served through
the entire war and is a member of Lincoln Post
No. I,G. A. R.
A ■Wholesale Larcenist.
Tnomas Dolan, a middle-aged laborer, who
•was employed for some time as washer at the
stable of J. r. Ferguson, 13-4 Seventh street, is
In jail on a charge of petty larceny, but will
probably have three or four more to answer to.
He was discharged a fortnight ago and has
been drinking heavily. He stole some blankets
from the etable, which he pawned for DO cents
at a cheap lodging-house. He also stole a bull
terrier r>up, which he sold to a barkeeper at 7
Riteh street for. sl, ana he is accused "by Pat
Lyons of taking #2 15. All his victims were
looking for him yesterday, and as a result he
Mas landed in the Southern station early in
the afternoon by Officer X yun.
Acknowledged Hia Guilt.
Last evening Policeman George Brown ar
rested a man giving the name of William
Lyons. The prisoner will be detained until he
can give an explanation of his possession of
four crowbars and a natchet. When the officer
accosted Lyons the latter said that he had
found the tools in the sandhills, but afterward
he acknowledged that he had stolen them.
3SHW TO-PAT.'
A WORD IN YOUR EAR
The Secret of Beauty
of the complexion,^ g>sh
hands, arms, and hair *|jfcj|r^«|§
is found in the perfect
action of the Pores, «|VJJ^\
produced by » (vrTIL/""A
?tiGUli| WjjA
The most effective -^\\ \j^' >
skin purifying and-^rj j|\ V jf*\"
beautifying soap in the "1 ju^C? \o>
world, as well as purest i_- -^^y^:?
and sweetest for toilet, •— " '-.'■ — T •
bath, and nursery.
Bold throughout the world. Britiih depot! F. N*w..'
best * So.ns. 1. ICinj Edward-it.. London. Potteb
i>*uo Jit» Cam. Cosr., SoU Propi., Bo»ton, U. 8. A. .
HE CHAMPIONS
THE OLD CHURCH
Father Ferguson Won Prom
inence Defending
His Faith.
A LOGICAL PREACHER.
Sketch of the Brilliant Assist
ant of St. Patrick's
Church.
A LARGELY SETTLED PARISH.
Foundation and Growth of One of the
Largest Catholic Churches
in the City.
Father Fergiifvon ig not eloquent. Rather
is he pointed and convincing in his style^of
pulpit oratory. His sermons at St. Pat
rick's Church, on Mission street, are noted
more for their sound logic than their
REV. FATHER JAMES P. FERGUSON, ASSISTANT AT ST. PATRICK'S CIIURCII, PREACHING ON THE GLOHY OF CHRIST.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
cadence of expression. Still his periods
are well rounded.
Father Ferguson is an assistant at St.
Patrick's. He has been there less than a
year. Prior to coming to the City he bad
charge of a country parish within the
ecclesiastical jurisdiction of Archbishop
RiOrdan, Recognizing his exceptional
value, the Archbishop, who constantly
keeps a watch on the developing talent,
transferred him to the metropolis. The
young clergyman at once demonstrated
bis strength of purpose. He was one of
the first to spring into the arena and de
fend his church in the issues that now
foment the public mind. His series of
lectures on the constitutional rights of the
citizen, regardless of creed, color or con
dition, gave him wide distinction as a
defender of his faith and conviction.
People in St. Patrick's parish takeoff
their hats to Father Ferguson on the
street and cheer him in public. They sing
his praises about their firesides and hang
his picture on their walls. They like his
frank, open-handed, aggressive manner.
And there are 25.000 or 30,000 in the parish. !
It is estimated that an average of 20,000 at- j
tend the masses at St. Patrick's on Sun- ;
day. It is a stronghold of Catholicity.
The present church was built thirty years \
ago. Preceding its erection the people
worshiped in an unpretentious little frame
church on the sand lot where the Palace
Hotel now stands. The whole Market
street frontage, from Montgomery avenue
to Third street, was once the property of
the Catholic church. It was parceled up
and sold by the late Archbishop Alemany,
however, and the site on Mission street
was purchased and the church built by the
pastor. Father Grey, now in the evening
of a well-spent life— a man who has done
much to mold and direct the character of
his people, and who now rests in the as
surance of their love and respect.
"W hen St. Patrick's Church was erected
the neighborhood was sparsely settled.
>ow it is the center of active commercial
life. It is the largest of the downtown
churches. Its architectural design is after
the Gothic. In its tall steeple hang the
only church chimes In the City, and when
they peal forth in musical rhythm the
listener is entranced with the soft, swell
ing sounds. The quiet of the early Sab
bath morn is broken by their metallic
voices calling the people "to worship, and j
throughout the day the claneing melodies
giow apace until the evening vespers are
sung, and then the sweet music of the
chimes floats out over the swelling ocean
and dies away in the stillness of the night.
At the last mass at St. Patrick's Church
yesterday the Rev. Father Ferguson read
the report of the work of St. Patrick's
conference of the St. Vincent de Paul So
ciety for the year. The report ran as fol
lows:
The objects of the Society of Bt. Vincent de
Paul are to encourage and assist both morally
and materially the deserving poor, particularly
families having a permanent residence in the
parish and who are compelled through sick
ness, accident or lack of employment to apply
for relief. j
The above report shows that a great deal of
assistance is required of us by the large num
ber of poor families residing within our
parish, and the number increases from year to j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
year. We not only have our own resident par
ishioners to assist, bu: are constantly appealed
to by destitute Catholic families who remove
here from other parishes to take advantage of
cheap rents. When compelled by necessityt o
=eek relief, these people naturally look to us as
a Catholic society to abSist them,' and It is our
duty to do so.
Thus tar we have always helped every de
serving fami'v that has" applied, and in the
distribution 01 funds intrusted to our care it is
only after a careful investigation at the home
of the applicant that any relief is given, and in
this respect we are deeply indebted to Mrs.
Flint and her associates of the Associated
Charities for valuable information given us on
doubtful cases.
Now, to continue this charitable work, we
must have your assistance. During the past
year our contributing members have dwindled
away and our monthly receipts now average
only $32 50. Wree it not for donations we
could not have paid our bills for the year.
Father Grey, particularly, was very kind.
During the month of December alone he do
nated $150. Therefore, as Catholics, we make
a special appeal to you to become a subscribing
member and contribute from 25 cents a month
up, according to your means. The knowledge
that you are doing your share in the good
work should amply reward you.
Accompanying the report was the fol
lowing financial statement:
Balance on hand Jan. 1, 1895.. $25 05
Receipts from all sources dur
ing the year..... 1,578 55
Total receipts $1.603 60
Total expenditures (luring the year. 1,585 80
On hand Jan. 1, 1896 $17 80
■WORK OF THE COSFEHF.XCI!. •
Families relieved during the year 315
Number of persons in families relieved 1,178
Number of visits made 860
Applications investigated and rejected 47
Situations obtained 94
EXPENDITUEES.
Groceries and meat $1,088 15
Fuel 127 95
Clothing and shoes, 140 90
Rent and board 39 50
Cash 13390
Sundries 55 40
Total 91,585 80
In addition to the above, donations of
provisions, clothing and shoes to the
value of $145 were also received and
distributed by the Sisters of Charity.
Father Ferguson preached a brief ser
mon on the "Feast of. Jesus," which was
the feast of the day. He drew a beautiful
picture of the Savior's life, and illustrated
how the name of Christ lived imperishable
in the lives of men, in the history of the
world. The names of other great men
had come and gone, but Christ's name
went on forever. Alexander, Ca:sar and
Napoleon were but a memory. They in
fluenced the history of their time, but
Christ influenced the history of all time.
FOR THEATER-GOERS.
"What There Is on the Programme at
the City Places of Amusement
To-Night.
The California Theater will this evening j
offer to its patrons "In Old Kentucky." j
This piece will be carefully staged, and |
two of the features will be the horserace
and the Picanniny band, trained espe
cially for this play. Miss Laura Bert will
appear in the character of Madge, the
heroine, and be supported by a strong
company.
"The Ensign" will be revived at the
! Baldwin Theater this evening by the
I Frawley company. It is an exceedingly
; patriotic piece that deals with love for the
j American flag, ami is a piece for the times. |
I The cast this evening will be the same as I
it was when produced by this company I
last season at the Columbia.
To-night will be presented at the Alcazar i
for the first time "The Wolves of New
York," a melodrama that is calculated to
enthuse the dress circle as well aa the '
gods in the gallery. There are many
striking scenes and thrilling situations in
the play whicn can be brought out with
great effect by the company with the aid
of the scenic artists.
"A Man Without a Country" is what has
been chosen for the Grand Opera-house
this evening. This is a sensational melo
drama by James Haskins, who has pro
duced "The White Squadron" and other
plays that have been very successful.
Woodie Van Dyke, a baby actor, will ap
pear in the character of a blind child that
cuts quite a figure in the play.
"Ixion, the Man of the Wheel," is to
continue on the boards at the Tivoli Opera
honse, lor the patrons of this plac« do not
seem to have tired of the attractions that
this production is marked, with. Those
who have seen it before, if they go again,
will be treated to new songs and much that
is new in the way of d alogue.
The management of the Orpheum Music
Hall has a sp'endid specialty bill for this
evening. Is ine new people are to appear
on the boards, and arnonpc them are the
Fonti-Boni brothers, singers and bell imi
tators; Howley and Doyle, clog dancers; >
the Devan sisters, who perform on a magic
ladder, and Rachel Walker, the "Creole
Nightingale."
Marie Wainwright will commence a '
three nights' engagement at the Mac
donough Theater in Oakland. The open
ing piece will be that charming comedy
"The Love Chase." This will bo followed
by "The Unequal Match" and "Camille." ]
AGAINST MUDDY
ROUGH ROADS
Coming Visit to the City
of the Bureau of
Highways.
ITS WELCOME OUTLINED.
Every Wheelman and Driver in
the State Interested in
Its Work.
COBBLES, BITUMEN, ASPHALT.
Arrangements for an Important Meet
ing February 13 and Later
Demonstration.
Plans are being made for a meeting of
delegates of all the organizations in the
City interested in good roads, the object
being to arouse a general interest in the
subject prior to the visit of the State
Bureau of Highways, which will probably
occur late in February, and which will be
observed as a bipr public demonstration
for smoother and more modern pave
ments.
The highway improvement committee
of the League of American Wheelmen has
taken the initiative and has decided to
call a preliminary meeting for February
13, to be held at the rooms of the Bay City
Wheelmen, at 8 o'clock. In addition to
the committee Itself, there will be a repre
sentative of each of the cycling clubs in
this City, a representative of the Drivers'
Association, a representative of each of
I the boulevards and a representative of
i each of the improvement clubs.
The object of the meeting will be to cre
ate in the various parts of the City
through the delegates in attendance v.
rousing and concerted public interest, to
be demonstrated on the occasion of the
initial meeting in San Francisco of the
new State Bureau of Highways.
In order to facilitate the preliminary
work and broaden its scope the highway
improvement committee requests that
every interested organization or club send
the name of its secretary to C. Michener,
Mills building.
Section 4 of the act of March 27, 1895,
creating the Bureau of Highways, says:
One or more members of the Bureau of High
ways shall visit each county in the State at
least once In each year, and shall hold therein
a public meeting at which there shall be an
open discussion of all matters relating to high
ways or highway improvement.
The visit to San Francisco will be of
novel and unnsual interest, because it will
practically complete the tour of all the
counties in the State and furnish the
bureau an opportunity to discuss the gen
eral road problem in California.
Already many of the northern counties
have been visited by Manson of Alameda,
one of the three Commissioners, and Maud
and Irvine have been over the bay coun
ties and down to Santa Cruz.
Commencing to-morrow a meeting will
be held in Ufciah, and soon thereafter
Manson will visit the counties of Lake,
Humboldt, Dei Norte and Siskiyoxi. In
the southern part of the State Maud and
Irvine are now engaged in traveling
through Loa Angeles, Riverside, Orange,
San Diego, San Bernardino, Tulare, Kern,
Fresno, Kmes and Madera Counties.
Henry F. Wynne, chairman of the high
way improvement committee of the L. A.
W., spearing yesterday of the prospective
mass-meeting when the Bureau of High
ways shall yisit this City, said :
"It seems generally that wii eel men must
take the initiative in all the road improve
ments throughout the State. We want to
hold a preliminary meeting to formulate
and discuss plans for booming the big
meeting. Of course, if we aro to have the
help oi the bureau we must find out just
what the sentiment is and what we can do
to co-operate with the commission in ob
taining better thoroughfares.
"When the bureau meets in San Fran
cisco it will have completed a circuit of
the State, and we want to derive the bene
fit of its suggestions and observations. '
"The primary object of our committee is
to educate the property-owners away from
macadam and cobblestone and to create a
public sentiment in favor of smooth, hard
pavements that are not blown up in clouds
of dust in summer and in winter covered
with mud or rutted out and washed into
the sewers.
"I asked Manson if it is so that Califor
nia has the finest asphalt in the world and
he said yes, and I asked him if I*, is being
shipped East and he said yes. He told me
that the asphalt pavement is equal to the
bitumen pavement if properly laid, but
that no one in this State understands how
to lay it. And I learned from other sources
that asphalt is not used because of the
bitumen combine.
"To show the trend of sentiment among
wheelmen in regard to the agitation for
better highways I notice that Isaac V.
Potter, chief counsel of the L. A. W. of
New York, has offered an amendment to
the constitution of the League of Ameri
can "Wheelmen to drop the consideration
of racing and to make road improvements
the primary obiect of the league hence
forth.
"One of the road propositions that would
affect San Francisco is the completion of
the San Francisco and San Mateo boule
vard, to be built round by the way of the
Almshouseand Ingleside. Another is the
continuation of the smooth pavement
already laid for a long distance on Fol
som street. When Folsom street is lad in
bitumen as far down as Eighth, and $35,
--000 was appropriated to continue the work
of improving "the street, there will then be
a continuous smooth pavement four niiles
long from the City Hall down Eighth
street to Folsom, out Folsom to Twenty
sixth, then to Mission, and along Mission
to Thirty-first."
MAIL DISTRIBUTORS' BALL.
Annual Dance of the Postoffice Clerks
at Eintracht Hall.
The fourth annual grand ball which the
local branch of the Postottice Clerks' Asso
ciation save at Eintracht Hall, 237 Twelfth
street. Saturday night was a very enjoy
able affair. The music was by the Letter
carriers' band of thirty-two pieces.
J. E. Mannix was the floor manager, as
sisted by E. J. Barton and a floor commit
tee composed of J. A. Healy, J. J. Hand
ley, B. Mahoney, C. A. Seely and P. A.
ConkJin. The reception committee con
sisted of C. N. Brown, president of Branch
No. 30, C. Haswell, A. Springer, W. J.
Simon, C. G. Gurry, J. McTamney and D.
Supple. Following were the committee of
arrangements: Chairman L. E. Derre.
A. B. Imbrie, 11. J. Caveuey, J. E. Power
and E. J. Barton.
The other officers of the branch besides
President Brown are: C. Haswell, first
vice-president; L. E. Derre, second vice
president; A. Springer, recording secre
tary; J. A. McGeary, corresponding secre
tary, and D. Coyne, treasurer.
FORTY-THIED ANNIVERSARY.
Young Men's Chrintian Association to
Celebrate Next Sunday.
The regular Sunday afternoon lecture at
the Young Men's Christian Association
was delivered yesterday by Rev. Percy
Weber of Boston, a missioner of the
Episcopal church. He took for his sub
ject Hie upbuilding of chaiacter and the
value oi good associations.
Next Sunday will be celebrated the
forty-third anniversary of the association.
At 3 o'clock Bishop Daniel A. Goodseil of
the Methodist Episcopal church will de-
ONE OF THE POSTERS ADMIRED BY VISITORS TO THE ARTS AXD
CRAFTS EXHIBITION.
liver the annual anniversary address. The I
music will be rendered by the Knicker- j
bocker Quartet. The reports of the of
ficers of the society showing the work
done during the past year will be ready for I
distribution.
Escaped From an Asylum.
About a week ago John Lothrop escaped from
the asylum for the insane* at Stockton and
made h'B way to this City. With little trouble
he obtained a position as a dishwasher in
a restaurant at 654 Mission street. Some one
who knows Lothrop saw him at woru and sent
word to "the authorities at the asylum. Last
evening one of the guards from the asylum ar
rested the man and placed him in the Receiv
ing Hospital, to be sent back to the asylum to
day.
DEATH OF OTTO SUTRO
A Brother of the Mayor of San
Francisco Dies in Bal*
timore.
HE WAS A NOTED PIANIST.
Next to the V .ungest of Seven Brothers,
All the Rest of Whom
Are Living.
The following dispatch, announcing the
death of a brother of Mayor Sutro, was re
ceived in thi3 City early last evening:
BALTIMORE, Ma, Jan 19.— Otto Sutro, one
of Baltimore's best-known business men and
musical educators, died to-night from an affec
tion of the bladder. He was born in Aix la
Chappell, Rhenish Prussia, February 24, 1833.
He married Arianna, daughter of Judge Alex
H. Handy, late Chief Justice of the Supreme
Court of Mississippi..
One of Mr. Sutro's brothers is Mayor of San
Francisco. Theodore Sutro of New York, the
engineer who constructed the famous Sutro
tunnel through the rocks of Nevada, is also
a brother. Mr. Sutro's widow and her two
daughters are in Germany.
Mayor Satro said last evening that the
news of his brother's death was not a great
surprise. Otto had been very ill for some
time, and during the past week or more
had been lingering in an unconscious con
dition at the very threshold of death.
The deceased was the second, in point of
age, of the seven Suiro brothers, all of
whom, with this exception, are still living
and in the enjoyment of sound health.
There are also three sisters living;, and in
this family of ten. children, though the
youngest of them is 50 years of age, there
had not been a death for thirty years prior
to the decease of Otto Sutro. He was 62
years old, and a musician of great learning
and skill. He was a pianist of consider
able note, and also president of the Balti
more Oratorio Society. He was the larg
est music dealer south of Philadelphia,
and a leader in all musical events and cir
cles in Baltimore and vicinity. As a mu
sical scholar and teacher he was wide!}'
known, and he had spent the best years of
his life in the pursuit of his art.
In the early days he came to California
and remained here until 1855. He leaves
a widow and two daughters, all of whom
are in Berlin, Germany, at present, with
his brother.
"MAIDEN AT THE PRESS"
A Striking Poster Exhibited at
the Guild of Arts and
Crafts.
Some of the Many Wonderful Objects
That Will Be Displayed
To-Night.
Prominent among those who were in
strumental in getting up the Guild of Art 3
and Crafts that will hold an exhibition
this week in the Parti ngton studio on Pine
street are John A. Stan ton, president;
William D. Armes, secretary; Douglass
Tilden, treasurer, and Clinton Day, Bruce
Porter and Eniile Pissis, directors.
One of the features of the exhibits is
the posters. There are posters of every
shade and description. They represent
the ideas of various nationalties. Some
are unique in design, others are bizearre
and all of them very attractive, that is,
they catch the eye and cause the onlooker
to gaze at them even though inclined to
look at something elae.
One of them is the production of A. T.
Mathews, which is entitled "The Maiden
at the Press," and portrays a young girl
with her sleeves pushed back and her" arms
extended pulling the lever of an old-fash
ioned press. She is evidently giving the
last turn to the instrument and her face
expresses great interest and enthusiasm
in her labor.
There is another that is worthy of special
mention, and that is a French poster rep
resenting Sarah Bernhardt as Gismonda,
which Js decidedly Parisian in execution.
The Gaiety Girl and Yvette Guilbert Lave
served as subjects for the poster artists to
make up their fanciful designs.
There is to be seen a number of books,
old and new, that iorm an interesting ex
hibit of works issued from ancient and
modern press. There are some beautifully
illuminated volumes from the library of
St. Ignatius College, antique productions
from the Sutro Library and some from the
private collection of Leo Eloesser, but they
are in strange contrast with those issued
at this date.
The display of newspapers of days hun
dreas of years ago form a collection that
will enlist Ike attention of all who take an
interest In such matters. These are but a
few of the exhibits that will be shown to
those who will visit the headquarters of
the guild.
THE BUTCHERS DANCED.
Their Annual Function Given at Em
tracht Hall, Twelfth Street, ~a«t
levelling.
The Journeyman Butchers' Association
gave its annual ball last night at Eintracht
Hall on Twelfth street.
Notwithstanding the stormy wrather the
hall was filled with dancers, nearly a hun
dred couples being on the floor at one time.
The occasion was nia<2e memorable to
the officers by the presentation to Presi
dent Fred Muenz of a heavy gold medal,
the gift of Past President M. P. Van Der
veer. On the front of the medal were
crossed a miniature cleaver and a carvint
knife, and on the back were engraved the
names of the president and the past presi
dent and the date.
This association contains over 500 mem
bers in the bay cities, and 288 of that num
ber a. re in the local association. Among
the guests last evening were Shf-riff
Whelan. County Clerk Curry, Judge Con
lan and Judge Campbeil.
Prominent among the members were the
commit, tee men who managed the details of
the affair and to whose efforts in a large
measure the success of the occasion was
due.
On the committee of arrangements were:
M. P- Van Derveer, Ben Davis, Frederick
Meyer, John T. Keller, George A. Schade.
The reception committee consisted of: H.
W. Miller, E. H. Glad win, William Dallug,
Louis Hoenes, Frank Miller, Horace
Schelly, Gustav Loeb, John T. Broderick.
L. J. Fox acted as floor manager, and
was assisted by R. C. Kelley, and by a floor
committee of: James OXeary, Charles
Weisheimer, Leonard Weilder, Albert Ehr
harat, Frank Kramer, William Schubach,
L. G. Harrant, James G. Buchanan.
Club Officers Elected.
At a meeting of the Reliable Social and Polit
ical Club, held at California Hall, 620 Bush,
street, on Saturday evening, the following
officers were installed for the ensuing six
months: President, J. J. McGuire; vice-presi
dent, P. H. Griffin; recording secretary, I>.
Condarn ; linancial secretary, \V. H. Gaffiiey;
treasurer, Chris Hilderbraudt ; serpeant-at
ann», K. Emerson; executive committee—Wil
liam Witeman, W. T. Sebelle, Frank Forrester,
"William Norton, J. P. Goldy, Joseph Nelson,
Fred Fritz, j. Galloway aticl Thomas H. Con
boy. Addresses were made by ex-Senator
George H. Williams and Captain Blenuerhas
sett on tne success of the cluo.
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
V THEATRE »"•*-
JOYOUS BETUKN
east IN I TO-NIQHT
season's OLD I Matinee Sat'day
GREATEST — '
triumph KENTUCKY!
Thn Pickaninny I The Glorious
BRASS BAND | HORSE RACE
\£&2%P^ •: ALCAZAR
COMPLETE AND OVERWHELMING
TRIUMPH OF
THE WOLVES
OF NEW YORK!
ROOF-RAISING APPLAUSE !
VEST-SPLITTING MERRIMENT!
SOUL-SOFTENING SYMPATHY!
Night Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, sOc.
Matinees— 'Wednesday "Pop,"' Ice Cream
and Bocks i'ree to All ; Saturday and
and Sunday. Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Blßa. Jb.BXKExi.vii Kbklixo Proprietor & il«a»j-«
-EVERY EVENING
THIRD EDITION THIRD EDITION
Of the Beautiful Spectacle,
"IXION !" "IXION
Or, THE MAN OF THE WHEEL.
NEW SONGS! NEW DANCES!
NEW SPECIALTIES !
NEW LOCALISMS!
— —IN PREPARATION
' "THE GENTLE SAVAGE I"
A New American Opera in Three Acts.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
' THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
First Production in San Francisco of James Has-
Kins' Great .Melodrama,
"A MAN WITHOUT A COUNTRY !"
A Story of Louisiana During
the Civil War.
JEvkxino I»bickj— 2sc and 533.
Family Circ.'e and Gallery. 100.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
ORPHEUM.
OTurrell Street. Between Stockton ual Po^at!.
TO-NIGHT AND DUIIING THE WEEK
OUR BRILLIANT NEW COMPANY !
O JXHETW JSTVA-lEtS • — O
SISTERS DE VAN,
RACHEL WALKER,
SISTERS DE WITT,
HOWLEY AND DOYLE,
FONTE BOM BROTHERS,
ETC., ETC., ETC.
. Reserved scats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera caaln
•nd Box seats, 50c.
.rmcoLAnntiUtornLOD« c?- iE»MA-.3rwiMM4—
NO PERFORMANCE TO-NIGHT
BY THE
2Px*«,x*7-l©y Company !
TO-MOKROW NIGHT,
"THE ?ST<rmT.GrN 1"
MACDONOUGH THEATER
' (OAKLAND).
3 Nights, Beginning TO-NIGHT (Monday),
MARIE WRIGHT.
Monday, "The Love Chase"; Tuesday, "The Vn-
eqnal .Match"; Wednes'y. •'Camllle." Secure seats.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingl<*sicle Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Paciiic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. x.
Fare' for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric lino direct
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. &LEAKE,
President. secretary.
IF IT DOESN'T RAIN
Shoot the Chntes and Trip the Trolley!
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION— ———IO CENTS
Children (including a Merry-Go- Hide}, 10c
78
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Influence of Street Improvement
-on Real Estate
Values.
TRANSFERS AND MORTGAGES.
Approaching Auction Sales— Ashurst
Colony— Miscellaneous
Items.
The bituminizing of seven blocks on
Van Ness avenue, which is a step toward
making this thoroughfare a handsome
boulevard, the hard-won appropriation
of $35,000 toward the pavement of Folsom
ftreet with bituminous rock and the de
mands of Richmond citizens for a solid
and smooth pavement on Point Lobos
avenue, show that the education of the
City in '.he matter of good streets is pro
ceeding rapidly. The property-owners,
business men and householders are de-
inamling more well-built, smooth and
noiseless pavement, and it is to be hoped
they will get a pood deal of it in 1896.
During the fiscal year ending July 1,
1885, tnere was constructed nearly eight
MAP OF PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT COMPANY'S PROPERTY TO BE SOLD Al
AUCTION THURSDAY, JANUARY 23.
miles of bituminous pavement, four and
one-fifth miles of basalt block pavement,
about two-nfths of a mile of cobble pave
ment, and the City accepted sixteen miles
of paved streets, making a total of ovei
142 miles of accepted t.aved streets in tht
City of San Francisco. If the present dis
position continues and the policy pursued
the last few years prevails, the construc
tion of new streets hereafter will be com
posed mainly of bitumen. The property
owners find that smooth, clean streets in
crease the rental value of their possessions,
and business men and. dwellers in houses
find that the relief from the noise is worth
paving for.
Numerous instances could be cited,
showing how rapidly property has ad
vanced and how quickly improvements
have followed the construction of certain
streets and thoroughfares in this City. II
a glance is taken on the map at the im
proved streets and a comparison drawn
between those and the unimproved, c
notable difference will be observed be
tween the number of business and resi
dence structures on the improved streets
over those that are still untouched and re
main as they were when dedicated or le
gally opened.
The rapid extension of the various street
car lines to the extreme City limits in all
directions has brought forcibly to the at
tention of the Board of Supervisors the
matter of providing for the improvement
of the outlying streets that have been neg
lected for years.
The improvement of the streets in the
large subdivisions is one of the greatest
factors leading to the sale of the property
at remunerative prices within their limits.
It is difficult to state too strongly the
value of street improvement, especially to
suburban property. The Street Depart
ment is an excellent place to find just
what the opinions of prospective purchas
ers and builders are upon the matter oi
improvement of streets and alleys where
■ they propose to locate, and there nevei
was a Superintendent of Streets in any city
whose information in reference to the pros
pect for the improvement of certain locali
ties did not change the proposed location
of many homes. Comfort, cleanliness,
sanitary and hygienic considerations pre
vail very largely in determining where the
bulk of the population will locate and
where it will be shifted from the central
portion of the city. There are millions ol
leet of unoccupied property in the south
ern and western portions of San Francisco
that must within the very near future be
brought into market and made available
for residence and manufacturing purposes.
The real estate men who control this prop
erty cannot consider too seriously the im
portance of providing by private contract,
it public funds are not available, for the
improvement of the streets lying within
these districts. ■ .
LOANS AND MORTGAGES.
There were eighty -eight real estate loans
made last week, amounting in the aggre
gate to $736,121. The following abstract
from the records shows the principal sums
and the security accepted:
By the Eureka Benevolent Association, $10 •
000 to Amelia Frank (by Samuel Bloom, attor
ney) for one year at Ok per cent on the north
west corner of Ellis ami l'olk streets, 84x120'
by the Hibernia - Savings and Loan Society!
$11,500 to John M. Ahem for one year at 6l<
per cent on property on the southeast line oi
Howard street, 305 southwest of First. 25x85,
and the northwest corner of Larkin street and
Ash avenue, 30x110; by La Societe Francaise
$10,000 to Claua Doschrr and William. H.
Loheide for one y««ar at (>' 2 per cent on prop
<*rtv on the southwest line of Fourth" street.
377:1); southeast of Mission, 35:4)^x160; bj
the iTiliernia savings and Loan Soci
tty, $7000 to Emma L., Eugene F
and Dorothea Fasaman for one year at
( ■'_, per Cf-nt, on property on ■ the north line o
rove, 112:6 east of Folk, 25x137:6; by the
Kan Franc isco Savings Union $5700 to William
C. Brown (trustee of John Brown) on propertj
on the north line of Turk, 107:6 east of Frank
lin, 30x120; by the Hibernia Savings and
Loan Society $9000 to Carrie or Caroline and
Slgmund Bergstein, Louisa, Louise C. and Al
bert Clayberg, for one year at 6% per cent, on
property on the southeast corner of Pine and
Polk, 30x32:6; by the same bank $10,o(K> to
Charles K. and H. P. Livermore, for one year at
6 1 , per cent, on property on the east line of
cifattanooga, 129 south of Twenty-first, 25x
125, property on the south line of Twentieth
15ft west of Dolores, 50x114; property on the
southeast line of Church and Twentieth, south
228, east 230, north 114 etc., and property on
the north line of Liberty 225 east of Church,
25x114: by the same bank $51,000 to K. J.
Baldwin on property at the southeast corner
of Powell and Ellis, east 137:6 to Market,
southwest to Eddy, west to Powell, north J<s,
northwest Market 114:1O& northeast Eddy,
northeast 108:10'<, northwest 10/ :8, then 41
to Ellis, west 25:7, south to the northeast line
of Market, and by the same $7000 to G. G. Nor
ris for one year at 01* per cent on property on
the north line of Washington, 137:6 east of
Leaven worth, 42 :10x137 :C.
The releases placed on record numbered
fifty-four and represented $235,955. The
largest granted were the following:
By Henry Wagner, $9250 to Henry L. Wag
ner on property on the north line of Sinter
street, 77:6 west of Powell, 22:0x137:0; by
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society. $11,
-000 to F. Grass on property on the west line of
Valencia street, 107 north of Twenty-fourth,
north G2:8& west 171:9, etc.; by the Fidelity
Building ami Loan Association, $7000 to Kob
ert V. Lucy on property on Ihe south line of
I'age street, l!>o west of Scott. 30x137:6; by
the Nevada Bank, $80,000 to E. J. Baldwin on
property un the northwest line of Market
street, 141:1O>£ northeast of Eddy, northeast
108 :10V2. northwest 107:8, etc., and by Alex
ander Boyd and Jacob Z. Davis, $16,000 to
William S. Hopkins on property at the north
west corner oi Eddy and Powell streets, norm
65, west 75, south 75 and east 150.
Deeds were placed on record last week to
the number of 102.
MISCELLANEOUS ITEMB.
Mayor Sutro has announced that his
electric road to the Cliff House will be
formally opened on Saturday, February 1.
The Supervisors have passed an ordi
nance to print preventing the sale of any
more lots in cemeteries witnin the City
limits.
This morning a committee from the
Merchants' Association will confer with
General 1 Manager Vining of the Market
street Railway Company with reference to
transfers from the Market-street cars to
the north-bound Kearny-street electric
cars.
A three-story building for business pur
poses is being; erected on Valencia street,
near Nineteenth, by Peter Creighton.
Two flats are being built on Twentieth
street, near Guerrero, by Richard Barry.
The Market-street Railway Company
has promised the members 01 the South
side Improvement Club that work will be i
begun upon the Folsom-street electric-line !
as soon as the Oak-street line is completed,
which will be about February 1. The
property-owners on that thoroughfare are
to take immediate steps toward putting
the sewers on Folsom street in good con
dition prior to the paying and the equip
ment of the electric line of that street.
A contract has been let for a $2200 resi
dence at the corner of California and Sec
ond avenue by J. S. Morris.
Work will soon be begun on the $20,000
sewer for Presidio Heights district. The
sewer will be 1000 feet long, commencing
at the foot of Locust street and emptying
into the Baker-street sewer at Union
street.
The twentieth semi-annual report of the
Home Mutual Building and Loan Associa
tion for the six months ending December
31 showed total assets of $;58,501 09 and
loans on first mortgage amounting to
$136,025. . .
The Daily Evening Sentinel of Red Bluff
of January 16 has the following to say of
the Ashurst Colony:
We are especially pleased to note the energy
and determination with which the owners of
the Ashurst Colony are going about the de
velopment of that colony. This rich tract is
most favorably located on the Sacramento
River, thus affording them water as well as
nltroad transportation, which is a matter of
great importance to a colony of this magnitude.
! \Yi*u the natural advantages which they have,
| together with the able, efficient and experi
! enced management the movement is under, is
a sure guarantee that Ashurst Colony is soon
to be one of the most successful and prosperous
communities in the State.
On next Tuesday, the 21st inst., Easton,
Eldridge & Co. will submit to the publican
i attractive catalogue of real property. In
cluded in the list are:
A fine piece of business property on the north
line of Golden Gate avenue, 137:6 feet west of
Leaven worth, lot 60:6x137:6, with an L in
rear 22x54:6, and there are four residences on
it; 411 Post, 115:4 feat west of Powell, and lot
j 22:2x61; southwest corner of Baker and Grove
street*, with three bay-window residences of
teu rations and bath each, lot 62 :6xl00 ; south
east owner of Capp and Adair, store and three
j flats, lot 25x75; 1930 Pine street, east of La-
I guna, bay-window residence of eight rooms
I and bath, lot 22:11x91:8 feet, and 533 Jersey,
I ICO feet east of Diamond, cottage of four rooms
and bath, lot 26:8x114.
Builders' contracts were recorded the
past week to the number of five, represent
ing a pledged outlay of $42,737.
j The firstauction was held last Thursday
by O. F. yon Rhein & Co. with the follow
ing results:
The City's portion 1 of Mission block 48,
consisting of four pieces, brought $6400: four
lots, each 25x120, on the south line of. Bryant
200 feet west of Fourth street, part of the
estate of J. L. Porter, deceased, went at $1900
each ; the entire frontage of Seventeenth street,
measuring 245 feet, between Folsom and Shot
«o e ,A££» d ontiD & 140 feet on each, sold lor
120,000; the southeast corner .of Clay and
™°h C & 59:8 »63:9, brought, $15,000; a lot
and Chinese stores, east line of Stockton, 81:8
f°t u or °J £& ' 55 -10x63:9. sold for $7750; a
27:0 12 0 -, onthe 80Uth line of Page street,
220 west of Gough, and running through to
Rose avenue, with double flats on front and
r e a a b r r n° » Eht^ 8l500: the southeast corner of
I ™m ?« £i*E9» Twenty first avenue, 57:6x100,
Iniul iV* 12 *°* a seven -room house on the
south line of Twenty-second, 50 . feet east of
&£7 5 e . r< ?' lot 25i , 114 ' Was knocked dot" for
$2225, improved property on the north lin»
of Seventeen th, 150 wext of Howard 25x100
sold for $4300, and two lots on No* near
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
Henry, brought $1650 each, while the key lot
on Henry sold for $1175.
From a communication received during
the week from F. D. Marsh, of the Burn
ham & Marsh Co., the following is clipped:
To men of experience and a little capital
California offers the greatest advantages,
while the industrious laboring man rinds no
difficulty in laying aside money. Tne large
number of homes owned by the middle class
and the amount of deposits in the savings
banks of San Francisco show that the wage
earning people are prosperous. Mechanics are
paid from $3 50 to $5 a day; laborers from
$1 50 to $2 50, and harvesters receive from $30
to $40 a month and board. Domestics are in
special demand at from $15 to $30 a month,
and competent ones, skilled iv household
duties, are difficult to employ at any salary.
These unvarnished facts speak volumes for the
advantages of this City and State. All ele
ments here now seem to be right to encourage
the westbound feeling and put new-comers in
a frame of mind to make California their per
manent home.
The accompanying illustration is of
property of the Pacific Improvement Com
pany, to be sold by Baldwin & Hammond
next Thursday. The property in the block
bounded by Market, Mission, Hermann and
Twelfth streets, has been subdivided into
seventy lots, none of which is Jess than
twenty-live feet frontage, and several of
them have a frontage of seventy-live feet.
All of this property is producing a ground
rental, and some of it pays a fair rate of
interest on its present value. The Market
street lots yield naturally a nominal rent,
but in most instances the income is more
than enough to pay the taxes on the prop
erty.
The property on the corner of Fifteenth
and Valencia streets has been subdivided
into eleven building lots. The southwest
corner of Fifteenth and Valencia streets,
40x137:6, is under lease, having four years
to run, renting for $50 per month. Four
other 25-foot lots adjoining it are rented
for $25 per month. A large lot in the rear
of this property, on Fifteenth street,
53x150, rents for $33 per month. The
southeast corner of Fifteenth street and
Albion avenue, 104x108, has a large frame
warehouse on it, which is occupied at pres
ent by the Market-street Railway Com
pany, but which could undoubtedly be
leased for manufacturing or stable pur
poses at a good rental. Several other lots
in this block are to be sold, nearly all of
them producing some rent.
Every indication points to a large at
tendance at the sale, which is undoubtedly
the largest and most important that has
been held for a great many years. All of
the property belonging to the Pacific Im
provement Company will be sold on terms
of one-fourth cash, balance in one, two
and three years, and arrangements have
been made with the California Title Insur
ance and Trust Company to insure the
title to the property at special rates.
CASE WITHDRAWS CENSURE
He Transfers the Blame From
the Supervisors to the
People.
The Reverend Doctor Says Too Much
Apathy Exists Toward Dives
and Other Evils.
The Rev. Dr. W. W. Case submits the
following in regard to a prelude deliv
ered by him some time ago from his
pulpit concerning the lawlessness in the
City:
When T have to speak strongly against sin
and wickedness, John, the Baptist and Savona
rola stand before me. These were preachers of
righteousness by th<» Grace of God. But how
did they preach? Not in general abstractions,
but concretely, vividly, really. John rebuked
the various classes and told them the truth in
detail, the publicans, soldiers, etc. Savonarola
did not stop at colorless talk about things in
general, but attacked definite, popular sins,
and was not afraid of exposing the connection
of sin with Church and Stme.
How Luther preached righteousness is shown
among much else by his work on trade and
usury. This is just what we all need, for our
selves and for all; concrete, straight, plain
preaching of righteousness. Sin has crept, into
laws and principles and lives in business
methods, and in social customs. It must be
sought out and followed up there.
The divine law, "Love thy neighbor as thy
self," has not been repealed or modified by its
author, nor has the Golden Rule become obso
lete in theory, though, nearly so in practice. I
seem to hear the voice of God speaking to us In
tones of thunder as in the olden time, saying,
"Cry aloud, spare not, show my people their
transgressions!"
Two weeks ago, in a short prelude from this
platform, reference was made to the disgusting
billboards and open dives and other abomina
tions in our City. The words were uttered
with some warmth, for these places where vice,
vulgarity and immorality of every sort run riot
without let or hindrance confront us on al
most every street downtown and fire our
righteous indignation whenever we are com
pelled to pass that way. It is well known that
these places are a disgrace to civilization, a
cancerous tumor on the face of civilized soci
ety, a loathsome carbuncle on the neck of the
body politic.
In an off-hand way, in the orelude referred
to, the Supervisors were blamed for this
wretched state of things. In reply to the pub
lished report of the remarks, one of the Super
visors offered last week a series of resolutions
in which the speaker was dealt with in a lively
and most classical style. An editor has kindly
said the resolutions were unbecoming the dig
nity of a public officer, and that it was in bad
taste to treat a preacher of the gospel so
rudely.
As to the good or bad taste in the matter the
public will decide. But co far as respect for
the cloth is concerned, speaking for myself, I
ask for no quarter, no favor on account of my
profession or calling. One who enters the field
of controversy and attacks the administration
of men in office must not expect to hide him
self beneath the cloak of his calling, however
high that calling may be. and demand or ex
pect mercy or leniency from those whom he
criticizes. 1 am set in defense of truth and
righteousness, and intend to strike vice and
wickedness of every sort with the heaviest
possible blows wherever opportunity is given,
or occasion calls for it.
When I find myself in the wrong, or discover
that I have been'unjust to another, I hasten to
make amends. It is always my purpose to
treat men and measures fairly, "in the light I
now have it is evident 1 criticized the wrong
parties when I laid the blame for the non-exe
cution of the laws to the Supervisors. I find
the anti-dive law in most respects all that could
be desired. There is an ordinance against in
decent acts, which is probably all that is neces
sary to outlaw the obscene billboards, though
I am told it has never been tested.
There Is no head — no executive head — to our
City Government. The Mayor has no author
ity, the Supervisors have none, and it seems
that no one feels himself at all responsible for
the execution of the laws made in the interest
of good City government. Since it is clear that
the Supervisors have no power to execute laws,
I here and now withdraw the censure I passed
upon them, as publicly as I uttered it, and ac
knowledge the injustice done them uninten
tionally in these two particulars, and I thank
them for gently calling my attention to the
error, so that they may be in this public man
ner exonerated from all blame in those matters.
The difficulty in the way of the execution of
the law not being chargeable to the Supervis
ors the question arises, Who is to blame?
What about the police department? Arethey
doing all within their power* What about
the police judges? Are they doing all that can
be done to bring law-breakers to grief ? What
of the people who clamor for the suppression
of the d; yes and gambling hells? Are we do
ing our duty?
Without doubt the greatest condemnation
should be heaped upon the beads of the people
so apathetic that no effort is being made to se
cure a reign of law in this City. We have a
good anti-dive law and yet we are told by those
who know the facts that no law is so flagrantly
and constantly violated as the one prohibiting
low concert halls and dives.
Where is tiie reform movement so vigorous a
little while ago? Is the anti-dive sentiment
only a passing emotion, a mere ripple on the
surface of society? Was It nothing more than
a political pony a few montns ago? Where are
the people who will stand together to see a
better state of things brought about in the
City? These Augean stables must be cleaned
out. These resorts, defiled by Glasses and
Lasses and Asses, are as filthy as the gutter
and as deadly as the sewer gas.
Any one of you has the right to lodge a com
plaint and the prosecuting attorney will be
compelled to bring the offender to trial. Who
will take the initiative in inaugurating this
new crusade against iniquities as old as Sodom
and as corrup: as hell?
The Christian Association.
This evening the Young Men's Christian As
sociation Orchestral Society will hold its first
trial rehearsal at the auditorium of the Asso
ciation building, Mason and Eilis streets,
under the special direction of Alex T. Stewart
of Oakland. The next lecture in the univer
sity extension course by Professor Ardley on
"Art" will be given at'the lecture hall of the
building to-morrow evening at 8 o'clock, and
is open to men and women.
«ii t f Ort >'-third anniversary of the association
will be observed at the auditorium of the Asso
ciation building next Sunday afternoon at 3
o'clock. J. j. Valentine will preside and the
anniversary address will be delivered by
BishoD D. A. Goodsell of the Methodist church.
To-morrow evening there will be a grand re
ception to young men only, when a brief musi
cal and literary programme will be presented
and an address will be delivered by General
W. H. L. Barnes.
FEASTED THE DELEGATES.
Prominent Local Italians Admire the
Medals Given for California.
The California delegates to the recent
festival in Rome, the last of whom. A.
Devoto, only returned home three days
ago, were tendered a banquet at the Com
mercial Hotel by their friends last night.
In addition to the delegates. Messrs. A.
Devoto and Fugazi, there was also a guard
of honor in the person of L. Boccardo of
Santa Cruz.
The other gdests present were: P. A.
Morhio, G. Y. Cavalli, M. G. Patrifii,
M. L. Perao, P. Zaupeltine, Dr. G. Caglieri,
A. Miclieletti. C. Aut, L. A. Albori, A.
Chichigrol, F. Arati, Dr. V. Vauan, P.
Michelett. L. Scatena, G. Razzia, G. Cuneo,
G. Bacigalupi, Joe Cuneo, J. N. Belgrano,
F. Cuneo of Chicago, A. Petro, A. Guilia,
V. Devoto. O. M. Ratto, C. C. Palma, A.
Devoto, L. Boccardo, F. Cavagnaro, G.
laccheri, Dr. P. Mon, Chevalier Cale
garis, C. Deli' Arm, G. Almaga.
A number of speeches were made con
gratulating the delegates on their pleasant
time in Italy and their safe return home.
One of the features of the evening's
proceedings was the exhibition by Signor
Fugazi of the meda's which had been
given the delegates in Rome by the muni
cipality. There were representatives from
most parts of the world at the recent
festival, and commemorative medals were
given to all of them by the city of Rome.
Last night was the first time that the
medals given to California had been taken
from their cases in this country, and their
designs and workmanship were much ad
mired by the assembled guests.
HOTEL AREIVALS,
NEW WESTERN HOTKL
Ed Clgs, Kostingville Kd Dowing, SprlnefiflU
]•: s smith, Ogden Eugene Smith, crippieCk
Thos Prince, Vncuvllle Oeo < lark. Columbus
Jno JicDevitt, Cincinnati Harry (i Tripp, Mom prey
A Fleiiiming. New-Jersey Thos Johnson, New York
C <; Smith, l'ortlaud O Weevelaurt. Truckee
H S Klirman, IVrrls Shirley Ward, (iilroy
GKArmburst&w.Stocktn E L Smith, Ogden
GHAND HOTEL.
A Zuckerman, California W F George * wf, Sacto
W <' lionioiutw, Chicago JL CuoniiiKhnm.Oakland
W V Hoice.Sauer County F M Keuke, California
O I> Plate, Modesto J J White, Fre.-iiio
B F Adams <fc wt.lUinois J C Jones, Sacramento
A D Martin, Stockton A J Hammaur, Red Bluff
G H Simmons.L An«eles J H McLeod, Stockton
J S Polhemus, C>regon J BTeyea A wf, Stockton
J H Reetic, Portland D C Hell, Minneapolis
WHChesnutwood.StoktnG J Ow.-ns. Los Angeles
W 11 Hil.ard, Paris Mrs A Tnunbull, Oregon
J A Hughes Aw, Willows W A Shippee, Avon
W Bruce, Chicago J Q Oreer, Chicago
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C H Morse. Cambridge E Lincoln, Cambridge
Mrs M H Wommack, 111 Mrs H liimb^l, Vlncennes
J Gimbel, Vincennes J L Campbell it wf. 11l
C F >ivalls, St Louis J X Cronat', Fargo, N D
J£ W Crelli:i, Oakland Kdaard Burnes. Oukland
F Garner, Oakland T W Conky, Vallejo
J Myrlck, San Jose oGlynii. New York
I' F s. -union, Oakland B Kulilstou, Oakland
Mr Rowe, Oakland Miss l'lynn, New York
Q B waits dk wffe. NY Alex Morris. Now York
.1 F Parks, Jackson W M B Beedle, Stockton
F Priston, Stockton MrsT Ilopper.Santa Rosa
Mrs (iro. Santa Kosa J A Sackley & wf, Chi'go
R Suuxen, Stockton
i'ALACE HOTEL.
C F Tnttle, Salt Lake W L White, Salt Lake
Cipo Williamson, Auburn Mrs Williamson, Auburn
Mrs J 3 Pieromi-t, CbgO -Mrs s H Curtis, Chgo
Jos Bcbwartx, Santa Cruz J >.' Burk, Van Jose
Vera Ashton, Victoria A Trojan, Hungary
Miss Lafavor, Couimbus E N Badke, Santa Crua
J D Potter, Columbus Q E Bmltll, N
Mrs E L .Downing, N V Walter Keyrs, N V
W B Bayley, V s N X s Barney, Drytown
O V Eaton, Stanford J Bass, N V
S McMurtrle, Guadaloupe J W Kngland, X V
W T Rowe. Boston 1* Saunders, Chgo
H O Weber, St Louis Mrs H C Weber, St Louis
MrsWm Niemann.B Louls.l M Collier. England
U C Collic-r. England C H Browne, i: H X
R J Thomas, Nevada CityA J Uarrell, Vlsalia
W J llunsaker, Los Ante E P Higging, Los Ang
E L Doheny, Los Ang Mrs A strong, San I>iego
H R McCullougb, Chgo E C Voorhcis, Sut Creet
C C Mclvor, San Jose Mrs J Bass, N V
R D Stephens, Sacto
WE AT H KB BUREAU REPORT.
United Statbs Dkpabtmekt of Agriciti.
turk, Wkathkb Bureau, S*s F-ra.vcisco, Jan
uary 19, 1896. 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last
year: Kureka . last season 27.24; Red Bluff
9.24, last season 18.96: San Francisco 7.77, last
season 18.68: Fresno 2.05, last season 8.99; San
Luis Obispo 7.82, last season 19.77: Los Angeles
2.86. last season 10.72: San Diego 1.65, last season
9.41 ; Yuma .32, last season 2.99.
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature
59 deg., minimum 52 deg. and mean 66 deg.
A new area of low pressure is developing oft* the !
coast of Washiicton and Oregon. The pressure is I
falling rapidly along the coast from (San Francisco I
northward, the greatest fall bPing at Fort Canny. !
An area of high pressure in forming over Wyom- !
Ing, Colorado and I lull. The area of low pressure!
which was central over Washington last week has
apparently moved eastward ami is now cent rul
over North Dakota. The temperature has fallen i
over Western Montana, Idaho, Northern Nevada '
and the Sacramento Valley. The tempori'ture
has risen rapidly over the I>akota-a>id Easrern
Montana. It is raining to-night from San Fran
dSCO north w<ird nlnns the coast. Inland the i
weather is fair. Cloudy and rainy weather is likely
to prevail along the coast for the next twenty-four
hours and in the valley regions.
River data— he river at Reel Bluff Is 1f1.4 feet
and falling, at Kedcling 9.6 feet and falling, at
Marysvillo 17.4 feet and falling, at Colusa 'J6.l
feet, at Sacramento 20.2 and rising. The rain will
probably cause a furth< r rise in tht> river.
Storm southeast signals are displayed from San
Francisco northward along the California coast.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 20, 1896:
Northern California— Rain; stationary tempera
ture; high southeasterly winds; gales along the
coast.
Southern California— Cloudy weather; stationary
temperature: easterly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy weather; stationary tempera
ture.
Utah — Cloudy weather: stationary temperature.
Arizona— Fair; stationary, temperature.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy weather and
showers; stationary tempera' lire; high southeast
erly winds. A. McAdik, Local Forecast Official.
tHE CALL CALKNDAB.
January, 1896.
Tu.
W.
Th.
2
ir.
3
[_Ba.
4
Moon's Pbaaea.
i 1
—
Quarl
January
T
10
»l
14
17
©New Moon.
January, li
13
16
18
20
-
l
/"■JiFirst Quarter
V-v January 22.
22
23
34
I 25
•-'9
31
-■'
£*\ Full Moon.
v&/ January 30.
OCJ -A^ JST*»ABIJERf!.
<>?• Departure *rom Kan I ranotteo.
Hi' HAW ''I. j
•*• • vrm.4
SHI,>.
| riKit.
City Sydney j
Del In one ;
Eureka .....
CityJPuebla..
i'nralion. .. I
Folnti^oma.
Australia....
P0m0na.....
Earn* jKusa..
State of Cai
fct Paul..;.;;
Walla Walla
Willami Val
;». % ocB Hay I
namaj Panama
rdney Panama !
Tie ..i Grays HarDor.i
k ..... Newoor: |
ebla.. j Vie & pgt Hnn
>v—u — laoulna liar..
jOma. Grays Harbor.
Ha.... Honolulu
» Humboldt Bay
San U1ei;0. ...'.
f Cai I'ortiana
i Newoort ..
ft' alia Vie « Pgt Bnd
it Val Mexico.
all 20.: spm
I Jan 20,12 M
Jau 20,1*2 M
Jan 20. 3pm
Jan 20, »ah
Jan 'JO. 9am
Jan 21.10 am
.lan 21.12 . hi
.Inn 21.10 am
Jan 22. V!r»i
Jan 22.11 am
Jan 24.10 am
Jan 24. 9am
Jan 25, 9am
I an 25. 10a
lan 26.11 am
(Ic«hu.c
p 318 a
:f,mss
i'Pierli"
I Pier 9 1
I'ier
i Pier 2
Oceanic
Pier 9 '
Pier 11
Pier 24
Pier li
Pier 9 * '.-
Pier 11
Pier 11
Corona.
I ban DtwEO. |
STKAMKUS TO AKKIVJi.
STEAMER ■ j
i- ROM
uuier i
oinHjoma..!!'. !
'el X0rte....... |
mpire... I
n ration I
rcata
anta itosa. . |
lateotl'al
r alia Wa11a....
ouinna.
rescent City.!.
optic
ti'aiu
ouMi Coast
.liceiJiancnanl
jCoos iiav ...... '......;..;■
Urars Haroor .:.;.. ..."
rays Harbor . .; ."v.V...
I on! an :.........
Yaauina 15ay .............
coos 8ay:.....;...;...;.
<<an i}le<co~ ;...;'. .....;;.
Portland ............ .'....
Victoria it Puxec Sound i
rtumboidt. J1ay... *...".... !
Crescent City- ....... '
China and Janan........
Newport. ............ ......
Portland.. ...:.~.r.
f0rt1ana...... ..........
San iUi»sro ; . . . „ . .... ..
I Humboldt ..7..V.. . ..... . .
Panama..
Coos ■ Bay ..;.-.. ... ...
Panama '......
I Portland ..■......;....."...
Newport .............
Victoria A Pueet Sound
Hum bold t Bay
..Jru !iO
...i an '20
..Jan -.0
..Jan 20
..Jan 20
..Jan 30
..Jan -JO
..Jan 21
i ..Jan •_■!
..Jan 21
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan 22
..Jan '11
\ .".Jan 24
..Jan 24
. ..Tan 24
..Jan 25
..Jan 25
...lan 25
..Jan 26
..Jan 'IV
..Jan 26
..Jan 27
oroim :
National City...
a» Bias
Lrar0.. ...;....
Vashtenaw....
01umb1a.......;
1ure**.... ......
Jmatllla.
>ortu FotiL
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
5=
p
Large. Small. Small. Large.
3.64 a 3.2.5pj ».62* 9.08p
ILarze.iSmall.
4.19 a 4.38pi10.43a' 9.34p
I Sets
.I.lla
7.
5.211
o.ooa
[&>UlifJ«l&i£ iNXJßlT»li.tiJdy!»'CJ£?|
Arrived.
• SUNDAY, January 19.
Rtmr Jewel, Madsen, '. 30 hours from Caspar:
330 M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, 18 hours from Fort
Braeg; lumber, to .Samuel Blair.
US simr Baltimore, Day. 8 days from Honolulu.
Stmr Santa Cruz, .Nicholson. 72 hours from San
Diego: produce, to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
- Bchr Nettie Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 40 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer& Co.
Schr Ida Schnauer, Mmlsen, 16 days from Port
land; 260 M ft lumber, to Order. >
Sailed.
SUNDAY, January 19.
. Stmr Columbia, Hollos, Astoria. . •■
Rtmr Arago, Reed, Coos Bay.
Stmr Alcazar, C.iimlerson. <
■ U S stmr Boston, Wild. Honolulu.
Hktn Planter, Dow, Honolulu. i ■
Bktn Modoc, Boeacb, Puget sound.
• • Te:eijr»i»)iic.
POINT LOBOS- ' 19-10 Weather
cloudy: wind Sl',: velocity 3i miles.
Spoken!
Per U S stmr Baltimore, .lan 18— Lat 37 N, long
124 32. W, (if-r ship Occident, from Newcastle.
Kng, for San Francisco.
Upturned.
The stmr Alcazar, hence this a m, returned on
account of machinery setting disabled.
-. Domestic Ports.
FORT BRAGG— sailed Jnn 19— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco. ' ■ . .
EUREKA- Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Pomona, hnce
Jan 18 1 schr Elnorftb, from San Pedro.
Sailed Jan 19— schr Bertha Dolbeer.
POUT .TOWNSEND— Arrived Jan 19 — Bkln
Newsboy, hence Jan 12: schrs Salvator, Annie
Larson and C S Holmes, from San Pedro; schr
\S'm Rentpn, from Newport.
CLALLAM BAY— In bay Jan 19— Schr Alcalde,
from Port Blabeley for San Pedro.
Arrived Jan 19— Bktn J M Griilith, hence Jan 8
for Port Itarford. , f- ■■'.? . *. ' - -.:
PORT HADLOCK— Arrived Jan 19-Bktn Re
triever, from San Diego. - ■' ,~
GREEXWOOD-Sailed Jan 19-Stmr Whites
boro. for Point Arena.
Arrived J«n 18— srmr Whitesboro. hence Jan 17.
MEXDOCINO— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr Point Ar
eiin. hence Jan 18.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 19— Stmr State of Califor
nia, for Sun Francisco.
POBT ANGKLEs— In bay Jan 19— Br bark Nine
vph, from Vancouver for Sydney: Br baric Birk
dalo, from Cullac for Burrards Inlet.
Moveraeiits of Tran«- V la«i.lo Stß»>n«rs.
NKW YORK— Arrived Jan 19— Stmr La Bre
tagne, from Havre.
sailed Jan 19— Stmr Burgundia, for Marseilles
and Naples.
HAVRE— Arrived out Jan 19— Stmr La Gas
cosne.
QVEENSTOWN-Sailed Jan 19 — Stmr Cam
pania, for New York.
lranortationa.
SANTA CRUZ— Per Santa Cruz— s empty tanks.
11 b<l s dry pells, 2 pkgs mdse, 1 sk nuts, 1 pkg
tank bottoms: •
PortHarford-61 hogs.
Goleta— l keg shoes.
Consignees.
Per Santa Cruz— Standard Oil Co: Oeo Glbbs
Co: Dairymen's Union; Santa Cruz Island Co.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. 1
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPARI
CUT RATES
— TO —
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &Q.OO
Second Class dSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
> General Agents.
ASTORIA AIPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Far reservations call at 19 Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails.... January 19 ■•
State of California sails January 24
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
< F. F. CON M OR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAHf
QTEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JtjAm
k? Broadway wharf. Sin Francisco, a* Saag&L
; follows:
For Mary Island, Lorln«, Wrangel, Juneau, Kil-
-1 lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at V a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
| Feb. 14.
I For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
"vViiatcom (BcllinKham Bay, Wa^h.), 9 A. m.
j Jan. 6, 10, 15, 20, 21). 30, and every fifth
I day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. P. R. R. t at Taco.ua with N. P. R. R.,
> at Seattle with U. N. Hy., at Pore Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
; boldt Bay) bit. Pomona, 2 p. M., Jan. 'I. 6, 10, 14,
| 18. 22, '26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter. ■
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, ('ayucoi,
Port Harford (Ban Luis Obispo), Clavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Uueneme, San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4. a 12, 16, 20, 21, 28, and every fourth day
j thereafter. . - '
For San Diego, stopping only at Port HarforJ
1 (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles, Hedoudo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Jan. 2,6, 10. 14,18, 22, 26. 30, and everj
i fourth day thereafter.
For Ensruada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, L*
Faz. Altß'.a and Gu ay mas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. it.. 23:h of each month.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.- ■*■-.- ••■ ■ ■ - ■■■ . . . .. •
. UOODALL, PERKINS « CO., Gen'l Agent*.
■ -■ * 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPLY.
-j<igiHnnrtt._. C'oolKardie sold l'u-l-M
iifT^r^tO JBfc^ (Freemantle). Austra-
Jgy^P Un.,9^ ►. lla : ? a2 ° nrBt clns *
A»O Not ill rj» $110 steerage. Lowest
& ?j,Ct^ g^"^jtXr rates to Capetown,
jEHM^^ r "\~7a^Sfc^ sou; h Africa.
mSßff/ 'Tir^i* Vhk^ Steamship Australia,
fcifal / »*A.^v W& Tlonolulu only, 'V\i°^-
W&I Ij^LtdMfcM day. January 21, at 10
w Bj?^7 /MB Australian s:oaranr,
Honolulu aiii AucJc-
land, mi sday, Feb.
Speciai, Pasties Reduced special rates for
paruei Fen. 6 and l.>. 1890. ;
Ticket ollice. 114 Montgomery street.
1 Freight office, 327 Market street. .
_J. D. SPRECKELrf & BROS., Gpneral Agents.
COIPAGIIEGmULRTRAISATLANTIIIDB
■'" French i.mr to Havre.
pOMPANY'SPIKK (NKW), 42 NORTH A**,.
\J River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by ■&£££&£
this line avoid both transit by English railway <uU
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
lirst-clnss $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt, Rupe.... ..../.
. .....4....... .- January 11
LA GASCOUNK, Capt. Baudelon.:....
...................January 18, .'.
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. loirot,
: January 25, .....■..'.."."•
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf
-.........; ................... February 1
tQT For further particulars apply to - . -. .
'..-', A. FORGET, Agent.
' *■ .. „ No * 3 Bo «linK Green, New York".
J. : F. FLGAZI &, CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, Ban, Francisco. ■-._-. - ■
ROYAL MAIL STEAM_PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL JTIgWk
fortnightly for the West Indies and dsnfiSa
Southampton, calling en ' route ; at C^rbourifh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. • ■
Through bills of lading, In connection with ths |
Pacific Mall S.S. Co., issued for freight and treas-'
or* to direct ports in England and Germany. -
; Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton.! First class, $195: thirl
- dvi, f97 00. For further ■ particulars apply to
■ '.-■- "> VARUOTT A CO., Agents,
\ . 30S California *U
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St*
At 5 P. si liaily, £xctrpt Sini.lay.
to!' Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. '
; .':■..:.;■'.:; STKAMKIt : ; ■'.
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters. '
Mary Onrratt, , , . City. of Stockton.
Telephone Main SOP. ■ Cm. Nay. and Impt.'Co. '•■'.
: VALLEJO m MARE ISLAND.
f BTR. SIONTICEI.i.O,
Pally, except Sunday— lo a. 1C 4V. M>
, ": , ' nday— B p. H. •
2|^K?wP*Wß3slN# ! ®HN^^*''-" •'■'•■'
, _ Undine, Mi. .ion i. Pier «.
1 ,;..; 'iv,-.. -t-x ■ ■_■,■ •-.-■■ :,•■•',■■.-;.
TO-DAY— AUCTION SALES.
Y^_,. : p # •
0/ay 3 Blocks /fe^
FROM THE / Vss^«--^ v>
Clf\f HlA\llf A"^^~
TO SECURE CHOICE^^^g
.BIJ6IN®^P|L--'
PROPLRTY^^»
Thursday JAiCaaVgji,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON, AT SALESROOM OF
BALDWIN &KANHQND.
. 10 Montgomery St.
*EYQgpei?op-niE- PACIFIC IMPROVEMENT CO.
230 FT. MARKET ST. «». g ra. a _
, N 150 FT. VALENCIA ST. LljlllU IM|«bL
Q^ 250 FT. MISSION ST. f If I |1 SMI 1!
y<J 150 FT. TWELFTH ST. ■ llVllll IV b,
SUB" loo ° FT 0N ADJACENT STS.
millpl/ , M . S.W.COR.IST" AND VALENCIA STS. (l 40x2 95.)
DIVISIONS N.W.COR. I7TH AND CASTRO STS. (48 x 90.)
k NORTH S/DE WAU£fi-£/ISr Of SVINMA/Sr.
EXTRAORDINARY CREDIT TERMS.
ONLY 25 PERCENT CASH, BALANCE I, 2 AND 3 YEARS. *
TITI F INSURANCE POLICIES ISSUED TO PURCHASERS BY THECALIFORNIA TITLE
• II kG INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY. AT SPECIAL RATES.
Baldwin & Hammond
AUCTIONEERS.
AUCTION SALES.
TRUSTEE SALE.
THIS DAY,
Monday January 20. 189G,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
216 Harrison Street,
I WILL SELL
LOT OF FINE WORK HORSES,
Carts, Wagons, Harness, Etc.
> J. J. BATTER, Trustee.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
SOrTHKRS PACIFIC CO9PAKT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tt'nlna leave nml »■-<• dno to nrrire Ml
NAM FKAKCISCO."
LKayk — Fl:OM November 20, 1395. — - ARRIVIj ,
o:3<»a Haywaxds, Nilca Way Stations.. 1O:I5a
7:00 a Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdcn and I last.. 8:43p
7:00 a Kcnicia. Vacatil'o, iEun:s;y. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis. ... 7:1
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Xr.pa, Calia-
toga and Gauta Eos* 6:15*
S:3Oa Xilr .-., Ran .lose, (Stockton. lone,
Sscramcntc, MarjsTilli', Ucil Ulufl .
ami excepted v il)c' 4:lSp
*8:30.\ Peters aud Milton "~:13r
- 9:00.\ San LcanUro, Hay^ard3& WaySt'ns 1 1 :13a
0:«<»a Lc3 An^clca Express, Iloyraond, ,
(for \csemitc), Santi licr'uara '
- and horn Amcoic* 4:4.1 i (
9:0Oa Martinez end Stockton 10:43 a i
10:00 SwH L?ardrb, 11-J wards an.l Kilcs . l:13p
I2:00u San Leacc'jo. Ilayirarda* Way St'ns 2: lie
l:OOp Nilen, San Jcsc and Livcrroore 8:4.1 a
»l:OOp S;cr;tncnto Uircf Ste.iin.rs *!i:(iop
tl:3op Port Cos!a and Way Stations 17:45p
8:00p Han I.'tmno, Ilayn-ardot WaySt'ns J»:43p j
4:00p San l.oa-jdro, IlayivarUs & Way St'ns «:45p i
. 4:0Oi- Martinez, Kan Uainon. Vnllejo,.
Napa, Callsloga, ill Vcrano end !
Santa Vilßa
«:••» Benlcia. Esparto. Woodland,
x Knights Landuig, llarysvillc,
OroTille anil Sacramento 10:43 a
4<Sop Nllo3, San Joso, LiTcrmoro and
nekton 7: 1 ftp
S:00p San Lc »ndro, Ilaywards&Wsy St'ns 8:13p
8:3 Or Orlear* Kx|iri!C3,Frcsno.l>alcrs-
liulil, tlanta l!:iibnra, Angeles, .
Denting, 121 l'aso, Now Oilcans end
East.. :.'.....-. 1 '1: 1.1 a
3i3Wp Santa l'o Uoiltq, AtlanUo Kxprcss
. for jive n:u\ Hast....: 10:43 a
6<oor European Mall, Ogdoinmd lvj^t 0:13 a
6:o»i'llayniuil«, Micmuid Ban .1055....;. 7:13*
l7HM»rVai!oj<>.. 17:J3p
7ioor Oresou Kxt>r««a t Useriunonto, Slarys-
- villo, ItuiMiiiir, rortlauil. I'ntet
Sound mid East 10:4,1*
7:00p San Leandro, Haywardst Way St'nn 1 0:."> Op
9:OopSanLcandro,Maywards.':\Vay£tr» ttl2:ooA i
5f10:03p "Sunset J UaitwV Frecno, Los ■
Angcl -s. El Paso, New Orlcnus
and l>.:t — ;. §15t4.t8 :
ttllilß 3a- Ltumlr.. . Hay Way Sfns 7:13 a
SANTA (T.I 7, niVISION (XarroiT Oancel.
H:l<>A Newark, Cciitcivillc,S;m.li)ije Fcltqn " ' "
r.oulilcrCrcck.SantaCruznnd Way
• Stations;..... - * 5:5« i
•2:15p Newark. OentcrviUe. Baa Jose.' New
Alnw.Jcn, Fcltor,, llouldcr C'r.ek
Santa Cni7. and Principal' Way
Stations .....\ . • 1 1 :2o » ■
xfi l^ I^ wark ' •■?•''■ -'"so and l.os ( iaioi'. '.'.'. «:Soa
tll:4»r Huritcis' Ewi-nlon.- Ban Jose «ip 4 i
WryKt-it-;0"5......... \ t7:2op
COAST DIVISION (Third & TnwTisrtHl'sK/i
0:45 a San .low aii.l-Way Butions (New " ~
«.i'« .' « AI ™ atll:l » „*> edneadays 0n1y),. . . . ; . 1:45p
■•1»A San Jhwj, T, P m Hnas, fvmta C'rnz
I'ncillc Cr«» c so Roll^,
•Ijiiw itjliispo, Guadaluiiomiiirrin-
... m~ c cil ' al WilJr SUtium 7:03p
!V ! J? A SW'JoMUiulWay Htations. ......" r»:«Op
Vl',nSL A i" " , Alt " mid Way Stations 3:301
.•««*»p oaii .lofio. Gilrry, Trc» rii:os, Bai.ta
« .rnx, Salinag.Mnntcrey Pacilic
■ _ ;. , c/ lr V r " .....:....'................ *IO:1Oa
• i i" 1 " 'V»oaiiai'riucipal Way Stations < »:47a
"J*wl-Btn Joseautl - Way Stations •K:OGa
«->» 1 ' fj a "-'" Feill " nVi * 'Stations.:..:.... 18a
... : "£»'*^an Joso nml Way 5tati0n5... .. . . . . ■ «:n.% \
<llt4oi-Sai,.losoniHl Wny 5tnti0iii.......... . t7:4.-,»
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. '
Fron SiS I RISCISCO-Feot of Hsrkrt Street (Slip 8)—
3S iS U:o ° •* * 3:00
From OAIUMD— Foot of Bro»dwaj.— '. • : 00 BKSO
10;0Oa.m. $12:00 »l:00 . ■ $2:00 ' *3:00 U-Cfl
*3:00r.M. -o. "'■.■•■■- . ■ :'•■':■. •
A for Morning. " P for" Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted . t .Saturdays only.
v '■-■■'■ ■ t Sundays only. :
l_i\ Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. -
TTuesdaya aud Saturdays . ■ 6 Sundays and Thursdara.
/-■•*■.' " V•■ '■■■'■' : ■"■.■; ■■■ .''."■■: X. ;■■•• v !: .;"' •--'/'■■'•'" ! v: '.-
RAILROAD TRAVEI^
SMFR.WCISCO&MRTBPI.
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tibnron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40.~91id, 11:00 a.m.- 12-SS.
3:30. S:10, 6:30 p. m. Thnrsdays-Ektra ir!»
anl 11--tOp V! M y8 ~ EXtratrlpS at I:s *
6L\NI)AV.S-8:6o. 9:301 11:0 a.m.; 1:30, 3:3 *
&:00, 6:20 P. H. '^
San Uafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11-10 a ml.
6^P^ U^-^f^
8U3 6T00. Y 6i?5 8 p: O M. 9:40 ' 11:1 ° *• v - : I: *°- 3:4 *
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park «ami
schedule aa above.
Ban Francisco. oct!*"^ San Franclscou
Da™ I DA°?a ■ HesUnSion. Sitk- i W«l"
JJAYB. | PAYS. DAYS. | Days.
7:40 am 8:0!) am I Novatoi 1 10:40 ami 8:50 aic
8:30 pmj 9:30 am IVtalnma, j 6:05 pm' 10-30 a 2
6:10 5:00 i-m, Santa Rosl | 7:3U PMlsas pS
ton. I ~ j — — —
7:40 am Windsor, I 10:30 am
Healdsburg,
Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 ami Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 ph
! I le "^ :
7:40 am I | Hop'an<l &
8:00 AM Ulctah. 7:30 pm 6:15 fm
7:40 am ~ ToTao'Xif
8:00 am | Guernevl!le. 7:30 pm
S-.30 pm . I 6:15 Plt
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
|__ | Glen Ellen. |
7 :40 AiciloOAM Seba . tOD<>l 110:40 am 10 :307 m
8:30 pm 1 6 .00 pm t^ eDMM> P oi - B:0ft fm 3:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bolinas. ~ *
Stapes connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stairea connect at Pieta for Highland Sprtnn
Kelseyville. Lakeport. ' •
Stages connect at Ukian for Vichy Springs, Bla*
Lakes, Laurel Dpll.Upppr Lake, Boonevllle, Green-
wood, MendoolnoCity. Fort Brags:, Usal, Westport,
Canto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, I'otter Valley, Jon»
Day's, Lively'a, Gravelly Valley, Harris, seoa»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at redoes*
rates.
On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all polnta b»
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldln*
E. a WHITING, R. X. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. i'asa, Agent,
S Atlantic
BAILROAO
Trains leave from and arrtva
Ge&S&^QM^Xi at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & p. Direct Lint
Leaves every day at 3:30 p. m.. carrying Pullrnaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to ChiSX
L&ve^anV^rr ChaU ** Aaa " «"^S
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Bdlid • Vestibule Train Daily, with Dlnlnc-carsL
nnder Harvey s management. Councctin" trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. ami S :30 p m. daily
The best railway from California to the Fast!
New rails, new ties; no dost; interesting scenery
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. "
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
;• (Via Sausallto Ferry). ■
from San Francisco,^ beginning October -27, 1891.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:3o, 9-15 11-M
m.; 1:46, 3:45, 6:15. 6:30 p. m. . »•"•«•
San Quentin— 7:3o, 9:15 a. M-: 1:45, 5:16 p m.
Bxiratztpa lor Ban Raf»el on Mondays, Wedne*
dux s aad Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. «unet>
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentin—
8:00, 10:00, 11.30 a. m. : 1:30, 3:00, 4:30 •S'li
*. M. »i>oes not run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays— Cazadcro and way station*
1:45 P. m. Saturrta.va--TomH.lea and way atailODh .
•;U0 a. v. buaday«- Point Bejea ana way ilmtlaaaInteresting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
ASSESSOR DALTON'S RUSE
The Role as a Poll-Tax Bogie
Man Will Give Frank
Jordan Work.
JUDGE GIBSONS INSTINCT.
Street Superintendent Miller's Figures
Not as Gocd as His Work on
Highways.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
<K)8 Broadway, Jan. 19. f
When Harry Dal ton ran on an independ
ent ticket for County Assessor a year aco
old-time politicians looked on "the
ambition as a freak that would not
do any more harm than create a little ridi
tven the advocates of what is
>litics supported a prom
inent railroad man and treated Dalton as
a fledgeling.* When the votes were counted
and "the loj was far ahead of his com
tb< sages .-hook their heads and
ted that there wa« something in "the
Ky" after all. Although his assessments
were fought by Supervisors and the Dis
trict Attorney they were sustained by the
• and Dalton proved that he was not
such a novice after all.
But yesterday afternoon Mr. Dalton
made an innocent-looking announcement
that contains one of the greatest kind of
jokes. A few days ago it was discovered
that the Supervisors could not make a spe
cial appropriation for compiling a new
great register. It was also discovered that
the work has to be done by both the As
sessor and the County Clerk. Dalton
cheerfully agreed to do his share, and. as
the law leaves it optional with the voter
whether he_ shall register. with one official
or the other, it was easy to Bee that all
Dalton's friends will register with Jordan,
and vice versa.
Mr. Dalton is not anxious to spend any
more of the appropriation made for his
than is necessary, and, knowing the ]
great aversion of the citizen to paying poll j
• has eiven notice that when citizens i
apply for registration they will be required j
. the poll tax. This, of course, will I
send'nearly a!J <:" the registration to the
••■ Clerk across the street. Now, '"the
members are saying that, in addi
g somewhat of a politician,
Harry Dalton is also possessed of a little
knowledge of human nature.
latest Populist in office to fall from
grace is Street Superintendent Miller. He
tade the discovery that the streets of
Oakland are in a deplorable condition and
• here i? no money with which to pave
he wrote a long communication
to the City Council proposing that $1.50,000
I c raised by issuing bonds. Only in this
manner can anything be done in the way
of permanent improvements. Of course
the Council killed the proposition and
th<' proposition killed Miller politically,
ign his plan received the approval of
tl:e May >r. This, however, was of no ben
efit to Miller, as the Mayor's approval
I tiie basis and argument for the
Council's veto.
01 course Mr. Miller's figures might have
been wrong, as they have been before. A
few weeks ago Mr. Miller appeared before
the council and said that it was a neces
sity that there should be a foreman to each
j<ifefr -o; sidewaik-iaying, to see that the
cations were carried out. Mr. Miller
thought $1 a day was a fair compensation
for any of his frieuds and relatives whom
he light thus employ. The property
owners maue a vigorous protest and the
council two nights ago reduced the salary
to $250. In supporting the $4 tariff Mr.
Miller stated that the cost of the foreman
was one-fourth of a cent per foot of side
walk laid. To earn $4 at this rate one fore
man would need to superintend the laying
of 1600 feet of sidewalk in eight hours. As
a matter of fact, 100 feet is a good day's
work for one gang. Mr. Miller may be a
good Street Superintendent, but he is not
a master in arithmetic. S. W. Booth.
THE RELIANCE BENEFIT
"Seven-TwentyEight" at the Mac
donough on Friday and
Saturday.
Probably the Last Time That the
Charity Company Will Appear
in Public.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 19. f
Next Friday and Saturday nights the
old Charity Company will make its ap
pearance in "7-20-8" at the Macdonougn,
and it is doubtful if the company will ever
be revived thereafter. During the past
five years it has done some noble work,
ami has tilled the theater on many occa
s-ions for the benefit of many organiza- |
tions. Now, re-enforced by several mem
bers of the Reliance Club, it will give two
performances for the benefit of that club,
which has so often given entertainments
in the past.
The benefit this week is a sort of even
ing up accounts. The ladies who control
the organizations benefited by the Reli- !
ance Club have declared their intention of
paying buck the compliment. The Reli
ance Club is establishr-.l in very handson-e
quarter?, built especially for the mem
ben, and their expenses are very heavy.
This, however, would not have hampered
the finance committee had the football
season been as prolific of gate receipts as
it was of glory.
Although the team wearing the white
"X ".on a carmine ground lias never been
beaten, the expenses were no Jess heavy,
and it is expected that "7-20-8" will balance
the club's ledger.
To-morrow morning (Monday) the Bale
of seats will commence, and there will cer
tainly be a rush. All those who have
purchased coupons can have them re
served at the usual rate. As many hun
dreds have been sold, i/ will be necessary
to get near the right end of the line to pre
vent disappointment.
BETTER ACQUAINTED.
Rev. Ttr. Graifs Opinion or the Value
of the Great Keligious Controversy.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 19.— At the
Twentieth-street Baptist Church this morn
ing the pastor, Rev. Dr. PhilioGraif, spoke
of the present controversy between Rev.
Father Yorke and some Protestant divines.
He said :
How shall we guard the Lord's garden from
horned and hoofed incursions? Keep the
tacred place free from petty or unseemly con
troversialism. In this whirligig age the air is
fiHed with the clash of classes and is a-gleam
with the flash of contending steel. Scarcely is
on kind of war over before another, of a wider
and deeper significance, opens its batteries.
y.uiie Cleveland's message still keeps the
poetical world on the gui rive, and the Brown
Kandtl agitates religious circles, the contro
versy between Catholic and Protestant cham
pions is rising to a high pitch of interest and
sensation.
Debate is good if its object be the naked, un
varnished truth, not the glory of a party tri
umph. Just as the bird moves forward by
wing power, the fish by fin-stroke, the fawn
by the gift of fleet-footedness, so man, on a
higher scale, by wagging of tongue or spurt of
quill, presses on along the path of progress and
civilization. Through grip and strain of op
posing forces truth grows clearer and more
pronounced. No matter how sharp may be
the quest into systems of dogma or polity,
riirhteousnesß has nothing to fear from more
light.
Better be a determinate something than a.
mush-headed nothing or an elegant kid-gloved
cipher. People respect an out-and-out devil
more than p Janus-tßeed Pecksniff, with all his
bland smiles and velvet arts and graces.
If the letters and eloquence that are now
swiftly and with no few sparks of electricity
passing between Father Yorko and an able
groui) of Protestant divines shall bring forth
the honest truth and silence lying oracles,
Christianity shall be the gainer thereby in the
last analysis.
While watching the gladiators in their agile
movements, do not forget that no cut-and
thrust style, no floer of satire or clever turn of
a phrase, no pedantry of learning or sleek
sophism can ever make up for the lack of logic
or facts. To battle over doubtful proof-texts
or non-essentials is only a piece of unseemly
bickering between kites and crows.
No cause is much advantaged either by in
troducing personalities that attack each other
with tooth and claw and chatter in the arena
a l;sh-wife's jargon. To brandish the ax of
execration over a name or institution, without
just or adequate ground, is to weaken one's
side. Hard words nev<T succeed in hiding de
fectiveness of argument.
llmirxt Haywards.
OAKLAND, CAfc., Jan. 19.— Haywards
will have no delinquent tax list to publish
this year, according to the Journal. Of
the $7000 levied all of this amount except
$5 or $6 has been paid, and the small
amount outstanding will be settled before
the time to publish the delinquent list
arrives.
MRS. WOODS IN CUSTODY.
The Reckless Confidence Operator
Arrested by the Alameda
Police.
Her Scheme Was to Go to Residences
and Make Women Think She
Was Insane.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 19.— Mrs. Woods,
wnosc operations were reported in Thk
Call last week, was tasen into custod}-
Saturday night on the charge of vagrancy.
She came to Alameda five days ago and
secured a room on Park street. Then she
went about town, visiting residences and
adopting a unique method of getting
money. She would go up to a house and
Knock, and, the door being opened, she
would at once enter. Then assuming a
fiercely confidential tone she would con
fide in the lady of the house that she had
but recently been discharged from an
asylum for the insane, and that sha was in
hard circumstances and would like finan
cial assistance. Generally the lady of
the house would be very much frightened
at the woman and her story, and would
adopt the plan that would the soonest get
her out of the house, which would be to
give her money. On Saturday the woman
operated in that quarter of the city border
ing the park and on streets adjacent. She
I visited Trustee Foraerer's house and
|he notified the police, and soon she
; was lodged behind the bars. Her mi
i genioua confidence game seems to have
yielded good returns. The woman is rec
•ognized as havinar visited Alameda be
fore, some four or five years ago, on a con
fidence operating tour.
Clubmen and Religion.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 19.— Rev. Henry
Victor Morgan, minister of the First Chris
tian Church, has been interviewing some
of the prominent citizens of Alatceda to
ascertain their reasons for not attend ing
the churches. Saturday night, in com
pany with one of his deaconß, he attended
El Nido Club and received a cordial recep
tion from the members. In his sermon
Sunday evening Mr. Morgan said:
I do not believe the majority of the men I
have interviewed stay away from church be
cause they are bad or because they hate the
church, but rather because they find the
church service uninteresting.
Nearly all are church contributors and are
anxious to have their wives and children at
tend the churches and nearly ali pay to sup
port the preachers. Not a single man I have
interviewed but said the churches are doing
good and that badly as they are conducted
Alameda could not get along without them.
The trouble with the majority of those whom
I interviewed is this: they look upon Chris
tianity as weak and sentimental— a woman's
religion and not intended for strong men.
Temperance Lecture.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 19.— The Ala
meda W. C. T. U. will hold its first parlor
meeting of the year at the residence of
Mrs. A. H. Mories, 2229 San Jose avenue,
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. Plans of work
will be discussed and an interesting pro
gramme will be rendered.
Lecture l'ogtponed.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 19.— The lectnre
on ; 'Real People," announced for Saturday
night in the Park-street Methodist Church
by Rev. Mr. Cantine, was postponed on ac
count of the storm. It will be given on
Thursday evening, January 23.
A NAVAL MAN'S LECTURE.
Commander Wadhams Tells About Ja
pan, China and Turkey.
Commander A. V. Wadhams, U. S. N".,
lectured in Bethany Congregational
Church on Bartlett street last night upon
"Foreign Missions as Seen by a Naval
Officer."
He drew interesting comparisons be
tween Japan of twenty-five years ago, as
he first saw it, and the modern, Anglicised
empire of to-day.
Referring to China and describing the
rescue of a missionary's family by United
States naval officers at the time of threat
ened murder by natives, he took occasion
to pay the Chinese a hign compliment for
their commercial integrity.
In China, he asserted, there arc 50,000
converts to Christianity.
Turning to the Armenian atrocities he
said there are 700,000 students in the
Christian schools in Turkey, and that their
influence should be a great lever in lifting
that prejudiced empire where 50,000 Ar
menians have been put to death for be
lieving in Christianity.
In conclusion he said: "Do not go away
with the idea that missionaries are ordi
nary men and women. The majority of
them possess more grit, more grace and
more gumption than any other class of
people on earth, and though the churches
of this country annually give foreign mis
nusßions $5,000,000 it is not enough."
IRISHMEN ORGANIZE.
A New Division of the Ancient Order of
Hibernians Formed in the Mission.
Yesterday afternoon a new division was
formed of the Ancient Order of Hiber
nians at Rolando's Hall, corner Twenty
eighth and Church streets, at which about
fifty applicants were initiated.
Officers of the various divisions through
out the City were present and dwelt upon
the benefits derived from membership in
the order. Statistics were read showing
the rapid increase in membership through
out the United States and Canada.
The following named temporary officers
were chosen by the organizing committee :
President, P. Broderick; vice-president,
M. O'Mahoney; recording secretary, P. J.
McCormick; financial secretary, J. H.
Reilly; treasurer, R. Shepston; medical
examiner, Dr. C. C. Mohun; chairman of
standing committee, P. J. Silk.
Permanent organization will be effected
Thursday evening next at Rolando's Hall.
• — • — •
Female chemists are becoming common
in Holland.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
SHE DID NOT RUN AWAY.
The Oakland Story That Laura
Fusch Had Eloped Was
Entirely Untrue.
CRUEL SENSATION EXPLODED.
Church Friends Will See That the
Unprotected Young Woman Is
Vindicated.
Oakland Office San Feancisco Call.)
90S Broadway, Jan. 19. )
The leaders of the First Baptist Church
held an investigation into a slanderous
story published last Thursday in a San
Francisco paper regarding a young lady in
good standing in the church. They feel
that an almost irreparable injury has been
done, and they have decided to do all that
is possible to secure for her just redress.
The statement was made that Miss
Laura Fusch, who had been a waitress at
the Hotel Wilson, had eloped with a dis
charged cook and another man last Sun
day. It was further staied that Miss
Fusch had srone with the two men to
Stockton.
"I have never been out of Oakland,"
said Miss Fusch to a Call man to-day,
"and I cannot think what reason the paper
had for publishing the story. Although I
am not yet 16 1 have been doing all i can
to help my father with a big family, in
which I am the eldest, at Santa Barbara.
The story said that my parents were es
tranged, but the fact is my poor mother is
in an insane asylum. Last Sunday, when
it is said that I eloped to Stockton with
two men, I was attending the Sunday
school as usual in this church. I have
never been in the company of the dis
charged cook and the porter, and I have
not been out of Oakland.
"I left the Hotel Wilson of my own ac
cord, because I was not satisfied with my
place. I had previously made arrange
ments to go and work with the family in
East Oakland with whom 1 am now stay
ing. I went there the same day I left the
hotel and did not know that I should have
eiven my employer notice of my intention.
I heard of the false things that were
printed but did not know what to do.
"This morning I came to church as usual.
I was asked to tell all about it, and, when
the truth was known, several of the mem
bers undertook to see that I was set right
before the public. I do not know what
they will do, but I suppose they will go to
the paper to-morrow and make* it tell the
truth."
The members of the First Baptist Church
speak m the highest terms of Miss Fusch
and are very pleased to find that the cruel
scandal had no foundation in fact. She is
a hard working girl and has suffered much
mental torture and shed many tears over
her great trouble.
SHE FOR GLASS WORKS
A Large Concern Anxious to
Locate Near Livermore's
Coal Mines.
A Meeting Will Be Held To-Morrow
Night to Consider the Offer
in Detail.
Oaklakd Office San Fkaxcxsoo Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 19. \
The development of the coal mines and
the building of the Corral Hollow Railroad
from Livermore to the San Joaquin has
caused Livermore to become a center of in
terest. Recently overtures were made
looking to the establishment of a pottery
there, and a large firm of glass- blowers
is anxious to locate there.
H. H. Pitcher, president of the League
of Progress, has received the following let
ter from W. S. Boodr, who represents one
of the largest glass manufactories in the
United States:
H. H. Pitcher: lam in receipt of a commu
nication from J. M. McComas, in which he sug
gests that I write to you concerning a location
tor a glass factory which I propose establish
ing somewhere in the State. We expect to
erect a plant which will give employment to
100 persons.
Our product for the first year will be princi
pally fruit jars, jelly glasses, olive bottles and
beer and wine bottles. I have made a pretty
thorough canvass among the wineries, canner
ies and breweries in different parts of the State
ana find sufficient business awaiting us to war
rant the conclusion that within the next three
years, at farthest, our force will have increased
to between 300 and 400. This means an in
crease in your population of from 1200 to IHOu,
and an increase that is desirable from every
point of view.
As soon as practicable we will establish a
flint factory for making a fine prade of bottles
and a general line of high grade work, which
would" be entirely Independent of our first
plant and would furnish employment for
about 100 additional persons.
We will require from three to three and a
half acres of land, high enough to have abso
lute immunity from an overflow of water and
sufficiently high for us to provide a pit six feet
deep without having water in it. Provision
must be made for a railroad siding to be lo
cated subject to our approval upon the prem
ises. Exemption from taxes for a period of
five years and a cash subsidy of as much as
you may feel able to offer, but nothing less
than $2000. Yours very tn.ly, W. S. Boody.
A very encouraging reply has been for
warded to Mr. Boody. Among other
tnings It stated that Livermore's advan
tages over other points under considera
tion would be its nearness to a merchant
able coal supply; it would have better
access to a certain kind of glass sand, and
crude oil would cost no more there than
anywhere el so.
The whole matter will be laid before the
league on Tuesday night, and it is ex
pected that Mr. Boody will be present and
lay his plans in detail before the members.
WILL ENTER MANY SUITS
The California Bridge and Con
struction Company vs. Berk
eley Delinquents.
Endeavor to Collect the Balance fcr
Building the South Line Sewer.
News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— Next Fri
day about 150 suits will be brought against
Berkeley property owners by the California
Bridge and Construction Company. The
claims of the company are for assessments
for the construction of the south line main
sewer. The amounts involved have long
been due and the company has given
notice that suits against delinquents wili
be commenced before January 25, as the
time limit within which suits may legally
be brought expires on that date. Many of
the suits are for sum* as small as $3. The
cost of suit will be $7, and attorney's fees
$1, so that many property owners who
have refused or neglected to pay the $3
will become liable for $10 if the assess
ment stands in the courts.
The total of the costs of the suits and at
torneys' fees in the cases will be over $3000,
wnicii is more than the aggregate of the
amounts for which the bridge company is
to sue.
Many of the defendants in the suits are
residents of Berkeley, and it is expected
that some will yet pay the assessments
against them, especially those who owe
only $3 or $5. The largest assessment that
is delinquent amounts to nearly $600, and
it is thought possible that some of the
larger dobtors of the bridge company have
decided to fight the assessment.
Assessments were originally made by
the company that built the south line main
sewer against 3800 property-owners, all of
whom have paid, excepting the 150 against
whom suits are now being preferred. The
assessment was the largest ever made in
Berkeley, the total amount due for the
construction of the sewer being over $30,000.
Discussed the Bond Question.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— The com
mittee from the West Berkeley Progressive
Club, consisting of Neihaus, Speirs, Schus
ter and Hoff, which was appointed last
week for the purpose of conferring with
the Good Government Club with reference'
to the coming bond election, met the latter
last evening at the rooms of P. R. Boone,
president of the L'oard of Education.
Principal Waterman stated at length the
needs of the town for better schools, and
the West Berkeley delegation upheld the
cause of the wharf. They furnished much
data with reference to the traffic that is at
present carried on between Berkeley and
San Francisco, and brought out "many
Doints with reference to their need for a
wharf. The general sentiment of the
meeting was that both a wharf ana a new
schoolhouse are a necessity, and that
$200,000 is not too much to spend for them.
A committee from the Good Government
Giub was appointed to meet a committee
from the Progressive Club for the purpose
of outlining a course of procedure for the
coming campaign.
Tne joint committee will meet next Sat
urday evening for the execution of the
work assigned, and it is expected that they
will follow along the same line of policy
as that which governed the preliminaries
in the case of the charter election last May.
The Boating Association.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— A meeting
of the directors of the University of Cali
fornia Boating Association was held yes
terday afternoon at the clubhouse. The
new single scull, which has just been fin
ished, was accepted from the builder. It
was decided to have a four-oar barge built
for racing purposes and that a class regatta
be held some time in April.
Will Fight the Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— The eroc
erymen and teamsters of BerKeley held a
meeting last evening at tne office of
George Schmidt for the purpose of outlin
ing a plan of attack on the town ordinance
requiring them to pay licenses in order to
conduct their lines of business. They will
endeavor to have the Town Trustees re
scind the ordinance mainly on the grounds
of its injustice.
Adventist Revival Ser ices.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 19.— A series of
revival meetings under the auspices of the
Seventh Day Adventist Church are now
being held in the new Bailey block, corner
of Dwight way and Shattuck avenue.
SIME WILL RETIRE.
The Cavalry Commander to Leave the
Service After Twenty Years of
Military Work.
Captain Hugh T. Sime, now command
ing the cavalry troop of the Second
Brigade, National Guard of California,
haa announced that he will retire from
active service immediately. The reason is
that the time at his disposal will not per
mit him to concern himself sufficiently
with the affairs of the new troop. It has
not been stated on what date Captain Sime
will relinquish the command, but it will be
within a week.
The retiring officer has been prominently
identified with the National Guard service
for over twenty years. With the excep
tion of Captain Cook, who commands
Troop B at Sacramento, Bime is the rank
ing captain in the National Guard of the
State. At different times he has been a
lieutenant in the "National's" corps, regi
mental adjutant, inspector of rifle prac
tice of the Second Artillery, captain of
Light Battery A and finally of Troop A.
In the Light Battery he was re-elected to
the captaincy five or six times. During
his long term of service he took a con
spicuous interest in rifle practice and re
volver firing, and has always been rated as
one of the finest shots in the service with
either weapon.
The members of the troop are already
hustling for a new caotain. The choice
will very likely fall to Lieutenant Jenks
and he will be elected if he can be per
suaded to accept the job. This will leave
two lieutenancies vacant. Justice of the
Peace Groezinger may be asked to take
one of these positions.
HIS VIEW OF HEREDITY
Dr. Allen Griffiths Argues
Against the Beliefs of
Scientific Men.
Thought and Action in Past Lives
Responsible for Present Indi
vidual Conditions.
At the Theosophical Society meeting in
Red Men's Hall on Post street last evening
Dr. Allen Griffiths lectured on "Heredity "
He discredited the modern view of hered
ity, which blames the parents for the sins
of their children, and held that every in
dividual shapes his own destiny.
According to our thoughts and actions
in past lives, and according also to the
evolutionary needs" of our own souls, or
real selves, we are born into the present
life amid pleasant or unpleasant sur
roundings, said the doctor. And bo as to
our future existences — they would be con
trolled entirely by our thoughts and
actions in this life. He based his remarks
on these three propositions :
First — The existence, immortality, infinite
capacity and evolution of the soul, the thinker,
in man, which has its origin and coal in Deity
the supreme. The thinker is eternal, not
only as to the future, but as to the
past, since it is absurd to predicate an
eternity of only one dimension. Only that
which never began can have an endless future.
Becond— Reincarnation, or repeating and suc
cessive lives of each Individual thinker, as the
natural order of its existence on this planet.
Reincarnation is the process by which the
soul's capacities are developed amid the op
portunities and environment affordaa by lite
on this earth.
Third— Karma, the law of the conservation
of energy, the law of cause and effect, which
connects all the many earth lives of each indi
vidual thinker in an unbroken Reries.
Progeny usually resemble parents simply be
cause there is a mental resemblance existing
between them. Phrenological and physiog
nomical expressions are not determining fac
tors in the constitution of the soul, but exist
only as external indications of internal men
tal states. Hence mental resemblances of the
thinkers of parents and progeny would re
quire bodies of like appearance to express
that resemblance.
Down to the present century rings we're
frequently given away in England and
France at funerals of noted persons, and
in old wills are found provisions for rings
to be distributed at the funeral of the donor.
The case of Alexandra Dumas, who died
recently, was one of a few in which a son
of genius followed a father of genius.
There was no second Homer, Dante, Chau
cer, Shakespeare, Burns or Scott.
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
Gala Night in the Hall of the
Club of Court Sutro
Heights.
A COLMA INSTALLATION.
The Red Men, Knights of Pythias,
Ancient Order of For
esters.
Independent Order of Odd Fellows.
Deputy District Grand Patriarch J. J. Logee will
Saturday next install the officers of Wildey and
Golden Gate encampments.
The «peci»l committee on library will meet Sat
urday night, when a plan to carry on and increase
its usefulness will be presented.
Unity Encampment installed it 3 officers last
Wednesday, after which there was a : pleasant
gathering of members.
Woodland Encampment will install Its officers
next Thursday.
The general relief committee will meet Feb
ruary 4.
The proceedings of the Sovereign Grand Lodge
will be received at the office of the grand secretary
during tho latu-r part of February and will imme
diately be distributed.
The Eebekah Lodges.
On Saturday, the 11th inst., there was a lar?e
attendance at the public installation of the officers
of Amity Kebekah .Lodge, on which occasion a
noble grand's regalia and jewel were presented to
Mrs. Krgot.
It is a remarkable fact that all the officers of
Oriental Hebekah Lod«e are unmarried.
Fair Oaks Kebekah .Lodge of Alaraeda will give
an entertainment on Thursday next.
Ancient Order United "Workmen.
Past Grand Master W. H. Barnes delivered a
memorial address before Oakland Workmen In
Fraternal Hall Saturday night. Past Grand Mas
ter Jordan had been selected to deliver the address,
but he could not be present.
Franklin Lodfte No. 44 installed Its officers with
impressivo ceremonies last Friday night.
Bernal Lodge will hold an open meeting to
morrow night.
Last Tuesday Unity Lodge installed its officers
and at the close of tho ceremony Samuel Waller,
retiring master workman, was presented with a
beautiful diamond ring in appreciation of services
he rendered during his term.
On the second Tuesday in February Past Grand
Master Jordan will address Unity Lodge and tell
about the land of the Incao.
The following officers of San Francisco Lodge
were installed by District Grand Master Daywalt :
J. Hagan, M. W.; C. Ehroan, F.: H. Bohn, O.; J.
Lyons, It. J. Blumenthal.F. ; N.P.Peterson, re
ceiver; G. Mosbacher, O. : A. Afroldsen. I. \V. ; a.
Nichols, O. W. The lodge is doing well and has
the promise of a number of new members during
the present term.
Degree of Honori
The grand recorder has sent out the credentials
to the representatives to the Grand Lodge, Degree
of Honor, which is to meet in this city ;in April.
There will be representatives from twenty-four
lodges.
Dawn of Hope Lodge will Install its officers Sat
urdaty next.
There was a joint installation recently of the De
gree of HoDor .Lodge and the Ancient Order of
United Workmen's Lodge at Coiusa, Mrs. Anna
West being the installing officer for the Degree of
Honor.
The petitions for charters for two new city lodges
are receiving many signatures and they will be
instituted shortly.
Foresters of America.
The following aro the official visit* for the week
ending January 25: A. Orfila, G. C. X., will visit
Court Neptune, Santa Monica, oa Thursday; J. S.
W. Saunilers, G. S. VV\, will visit Court Italia, San
Jose, to-night: Court Loraa Prieta, Campbells.
Wednesday ; Court San Jobp, Friday, and Court
Adriatico. Santa Clara, Saturday; E. E. Skinner,
G. T., will visit Court Eclipse this evening, Court
Lincoln Tuesday, Court Aurora Wednesday and
Court Shell Mound in Golden Gate on Thursday.
The American Foresters' Hall Association at its
annual meeting declared a dividend of 5 percent
for the current year and elected the following as
directors: David Cohan, president : Gporjie R<-n<l
vice-president: C. H. Bremer, secretary; James
Healing, treasurer; John J. Cordy, assistant secre
tary; Thomas Tyler, George Healing, Mrs. L
Ticonlet, Mrs. 8. A. Beauharnatg, Julius Sievert,
William Kiinger, YV. A. Samuels, Louis Kragen,
M. M. Valentine and Patrick Kyne.
The officers of Court Rafael were Installed ny C.
K. Sterns. D. G. C, assisted by J. K. Hayden, D. G
C. R.. of Court Marin. The court Is in a prosperous
condition. After the court closed the members
and guests marched to the armory, where there
was an entertainment and a banquet. The Home
Circle Min3trels, all members of the court, rendered
some excellent selections.
Court Ocean View of West Berkeley was ac
corded much praise for the manner In which it
entertained its many friends at the public instal
lation of its officers. Grand Secretary Bremer
acted as installing officer and Grand Recording
Secretary Peiser as herald for the occasion. After
an interesting programme those present adjourned
to tne banquet halL Dancing followed.
P.. E. Bcvan, U. G. C. R., assisted by Past Chief
Rangers Schmidt, Blue, Mllligan, Amoldy, Ca
hill and Rnbel, puollcly Installed the officers of
Court Sutter In Yuba City last Monday. After the
installation there was dancing, ihe same being at
tended by the members of Plumas and Yuba
Circles of the Companions of the Forest, Courts
Butter and Pride of Marysvllle ami many friends.
E. K. Skinner, grand Trustee, arrived from Eu
reka on last Friday morning and made his initial
official visit on that evening to Court Golden Kra.
The grand secretary has received the new chart
ers from the supreme secretary. They are similar
In form to the old ones, except that Instead of
placing three names thereon as charter or dispen
sation members six names will be placed thereon
The new charters will be issued as soon as same
are properly engrossed and signed.
Court Golden West will eel brat e Its ninth anni
versary by a ball in Odd Fellows' Hall on the night
of the 12th of next month. This will be an invita
tion, and the invitations are limited to two to each
member. This is the banner court and Ir the sec
ond wealthiest In the State. It has over 800 names
on its roll, and has among Its members the coming
chief ranger, J. Samuels. I. 1. Brown is the pres
ent chief ranger and Sol Peiser, No. 1, Is the Secre
tary.
Club Bntro Heights High Jinks.
Quite a number of smokers have been given of
late, but none has been superior to the Smoker and
Tamale social given last Thursday night in Social
Hall, Alcazar building, by Club Sutro Heights,
composed of members of the court of that name,
of the Forester 1 ? of America, the baby court. It
was an Invitation high jinks, and nearly four hun
dred presented cards at the door, and right glad
wore ihoy that they came for they spent a most
enjoyable evening. The talent for the even
ing was recruited from the members of the court
with two or three exceptions and the singing
recitations and sketches were equal to many that
•re presented at the vaudeville theaters. Par
ticularly good « ere the numbers presented by F. P.
Foster, who, dressed a female bloomer cyclist*
rode into the hall on a high-priced bike, sang sonars
and lolrt funny stories: a friendly set-to in three
rounds between Hayes and Gilbert, members of
the Olympic Club; "The Gas-House Terrier," a
sketch by Howard antl Healy, in costume; the
bone solo by L. S. Crackbon, and the singing by
Harry Oady.
When time was called for tho set-to, Grand Secre
tary Chris 11. Bremer, unexpectedly called upon to
act as timekeeper, endeavored to excuse himself
on the uround that, he had never witnessed a box
iug match, out the manner in which fie discharged
his duties led many of the spectators to reach the
conclusion that the 6. S. knows more about five
ounce gloves than he is willing to admit.
During the evenin? pipes and tobacco were
passed around, and then came refreshments and
sandwiches, after which the master of ceremonies,
George J. Strong, called upon the committee to dis
tribute the tamales. Every ono in the hali pre
pared himself to receive the luscious Mexican
mystery, but great was the disappointment when
the distribution was made, for they were only Im
itations, an inch long, and used for coat lapel orna
ments, but what the spectators lost in this was
made up by the other good cheer provided and the
excellent programme.
The following were the numbers presented:
Overture. "Siitro Heights March," Proll and
Faulkner: "The Bicycle Girl," F. P. Foster; vocal
solo, -'True to the Heart," Eliis Jones: recitation,
"The Vagabond," Professor Gumpertz; mandolin
solo. Professor D. T. Berry; musical Interlude,
Proll and Faulkner: barytone solo, "Cast Asloe,"
W. Fenstermacher: sketch by Howard and Healy,
address on the good of the order, Georgs J. Stroug,
M. C: tenor solo, Harry Turston; set-to, Hayes
and Gilbert: banjo duet, Regal and Weeks; spe
cialties, "Wise and Otherwise," Higglns; duet,
"The Pilot Brave," Jones and Haghes: bone solo,
L. 8. Crackbon; vocal solo, "Thursday," Harry
Cady; Hebrew oddities, Cohen and Alexander:
piano 8010, Sam Yehl, and several other numbers.
The officers of the club who are entitled to much
credit for the splendid entertainment are 8, J.
Strong, director: E. S. Harding, purveyor: W. B.
Faulkner, secretary: I* B. Proll, musical director;
Bam "iehl of the hall committee: L. N. ISoukofsky,
programme dispenser; J. Simla, weed commis
sioner, and J. J. he vingston, chairman of the print
ins committee.
Among prominent members of the order present
were, besides the grand secretary, Sam L. waller,
J. Samuels and Sol Peiser.
A Colma Installation,
The event In Colma Tuesday evening was m pub
lic Installation of the officers of Court Colma No.
83 of the Foresters of America in the public
■cbool building. The Installing officers were
Grand Secretary C. H. Bremer and Grand Record
ing Secretary Sol Peiser, assisted by H. Nathan,
D. O. C. B ; H. L. Isham, P. C. R. of Court Faral
lone; Charles Meehan, P. C. R. of Court Colma,
and others. The officers installed are: Thomas
Kelly, C. R.; B. H. Green, 8. C. R.; H. Pierce, T.;
A. Strula, F. S. ; James COnway, R. S. : J. Rogers,
a W. ; James Conway, J. W. ; F. Pierce, 8. B. ; P.
O'Shea, J. 8., and John Alalneg, trustee.
After the installation the grand secretary and
the grand recording secretary delivered addresses,
which greatly Interested the large number of peo
ple who filled the hall to its caDacity. Speech
making was followed by dancing and a banquet,
which all enjo.ved. The hall had been very taste
fully decorated, and the Foresters of Col ma can
feel proud of the entertainment they gave to their
friends. The court has now the names of fifty-six
members in good standing on its roll.
Knights of Honor.
The public installation of the officers of Ivy
Lodge by Grand Dictator P. L. Archibald was
largely attended. After the ceremony the grand
dictator, on behalf of the lodge, presented the re
tiring dictator with a handsome gold watch charm
approoriately Inscribed. This was followed by an
entertaining musical and literary programme and
a banquet got up under the supervision of
Fred Boegler, chairman of the entertainment com
mittee.
Deputy District Grand Dictator J. A. Carroll in
stalled the following officers of America Lodge
last Thursday: P. J. Smith, P. D.; Henry A.
Chase, D.; G. Sena, V. D.; W. Spencer, A. D. ;
3. W. Baunders, X.; F. M. Peterson. F. X. : H.
Behneman, 1.; S. American, C. ; P. Lambert,
guide; Q. Heldebrand, guardian; trustees— S.
American, \V. Soeucer and G. Heldebraud. After
the Installation the members of the lodge invited
the grand officers present and the visiting mem
bers of Fort una Lodge to the banquet ball, where a
pleasant evening was spent.
The following officers of Leland Stanford Lodge
were installed by Grand Dictator Archibald,
assisted by District Deputy McLaughlln and sev
eral of the grand officers: C W. Petry, P. D. ;
Ernest P. Thyes, D.; James Garrod, V. D.; Carl
Wahl, A. D.; John J. Beran, R. : Albert Stroh
mier, F. X.; A. Morris. T.; W. Burns, C; John
Bernandon, guide; Otto Schoenwald. guardian;
Michael Speinulmich, sentuiel ; trustees— John A.
Carroll, Carl Wahl and Otto Schoenwald.
District No. '25 will give a high jinks and smoker
in Alcazar building Wednesday evening, which the
committee in charge hope to make the liveliest and
j most emertaiulng ever given by this very lively
district, urand Depot? Ben I. Solomon will act as
master of ceremonies, and among those who will
entertain will be Kichaid I. Whelan, Julius Kahn.
I A. V. BUtcfc, T. M. Moses, Josh Davis and others.
As all Knights have boen invited, there will be a
bif; attendance.
The grand dictator visited Garden City Lodge of
Alameda and Golden State Lodge of Oakland last
week and installed the officers of each.
The grand dictator will visit Clinton Lodge in
East Oakland to-niKht: on Thursday he will visit
Ivanhoe Lodge in Oakland, and on Friday he will
be with the lodges in Colusa.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
The public installation of the officers of Prciflc
Lodge Tuesday evening, followed by dancing and
refreshments, was one of the pleasantest of recent
affairs of this character. The hall was crowded
by the members and their friends.
The new officers of Excelsior Lodge will be In
stalled by Deputy Mrs. A. B. Bradstreet on Friday
evening.
West End Lodge will have a public Installation
and entertainment to-morrow evening.
The ri€:\v officers of .Star Lodge of Sonora were
installed by Grand Vice-President Emma T. Par
ker recently. Mrs. Emma Barlow was elected
representative to the Grand Lodge which will con
vene in this City on the third Tuesday in April.
Grand Trustee Emil Bourguigon of ban Jose was
in this City last Friday.
Knights of Pythias.
At Riverside on Monday the olncers of Snnny
side Lodge and of Riverside Temple of Rathbone
Sisters were jointly installed in public, the division
of the Uniform Rank acting as escort to the of
ficiating officers.
Oakland Lodge installed officers in public on
Friday evening, the grand chancellor being pres
ent. A programme of literary and mueical ex
ercises was rendered.
The officers of Brooklyn Lodge were installed on
Monday evening last, and the lodge was favored
by an official visit by the grand- chancellor. A col
lation loilowed.
Unity Division has elected M. B. Dye as captain,
to succeed W. J. Kidd, appointed brigade muster
ing oflicer on the staff of the brigadier-general.
The First Regiment benefit to-morrow night at
the Columbia Theater promises to be a great suc
cess. All members of the Uniform Rank will at
tend in full uniform.
Laurel Lodge of San Francisco made a net gain
Of twenty-one members during the past term.
Coulterville Lodge was instituted on the 11th
Inst. at Coulterville, Mariposa County, ft. P. Otis of
Sonora being the Instituting officer.
The officers of Yreka Lodge, Yreka, were in
stalled in public on Monday. A fine literary and
musical programme was rendered and a collation
and dancing followed.
Mars LoJge will be instituted this evening at
Pythian Castle by the grand chancellor. Over
100 members will be admitted.
Damocles Lodge of Winters will Install officers
in puolic on Wednesday week. The grand chan
cellor will attend.
The members of Rathbone Lodge No. 156, of
Jackson, are forming a Temple of the Rathbone
Sisters.
Sunnyslde Lodge of Riverside has the "banner
record" for the term just closed, with twenty-six
new members.
Sunset Lodge will give a ball on February 26.
Ancient Order of Foresters.
High Chief Ranger William Cashan installed the
officers of Court Star of Suisun last Saturday even
ing and will install the officers of Court Persever
ance of Sacramento this evening.
During the nine months ending September 30,
1895, 2073 new members were initiated in the
Pacific Coast jurisdiction, 22,200 days' sick bene
fits were paid. 60 members died, 692 members
were precluded for non-payment of dues and the
combined treasury of 144 courts contained the
sum of $63,320.
Tne Piciiic Association will hold its first meeting
Thursday evening, January 31. at 10a O'Farrell
street, when the oilicers for 1896 will be elected.
Court Franklin will have an interesting "good and
welfare" to-morrow evening. Its memDership is
now 87, with $898 In its treasury.
Court Justice initiated four candidates last Tues
day evening and received eight applications for
membership.
Companions of the Forest.
Charters for new circles of the Companions of the
Forest , A. O. F., are issued from this City. ;a char
ter has been sent to Philadelphia for the organiza
tion of a new circle there. New circles are In process
of organisation In Colorado Springs and Walla
Walla.
Last Monday Mrs. Minnie Asher, G. C. C, In
stalled the officers of Mazzini Circle.
On Wednesday Mrs. Asher, assisted by Miss Vina
Norton, D. D., installed the officers of Ivanhoe Cir
cle. The same night the officers of California Cir
cle were Installed by P. T>. Brandon, D. 1).
Oakleaf Circle has made preparations for a grand
reception to be held in Masonic Hall, South San
Francisco, Friday evening.
Queen of the Redwood Circle and Court Redwood
linii a joint installation at Ukiah recently and the
ceremonies were followed by a banquet.
Sherwood Circle installed its officers Monday;
Supreme C. C. Mrs. Asher presided, assisted by the
following deputies, Mrs. Corwln, Mrs. Goodwin,
Mrs. Davis, Miss Finn, Mrs. Uphaus and Mrs. Har
denburg. Mrs. J. Hartley, the retiring C. C. was
presented with an elegant jfcwel, and P. C. C. Mrs.
Howard, was the recipient of a P. C. C. certificate.
Sherwood Circle will |gi ve a "butterfly party" in
Social Hall on Saturday evening.
Improved Order of Bed Men,
Grand Chief of Records C. P. Burgman is in re
ceipt of reports from about half of the tribes in the
reservation, and these show a decrease of twenty
seven, of which half were by death, and an in
crease of 181, making a net gain of 15*. This is
the first time in years that such a showing has
been made.
Last Wednesday Seminole Tribe, which works in
the French language, initiated 'even candidates.
Since the Ist inst. Oshonee Tribe baa adopted
eight palefaces. The tribe has received a set of
new costumes, and displayed them for the first
time last Wednesday.
Last Wednesday the chiefs of Comancbe Tribe of
Elmhurst were raised by Thomas Campbell, D. D.
O. EL, assisted by the chiefs of Gray Eagle Tribe of
Oakland and of Pawnee '1 ribe of A lamed a. Great
Chk-f of Records Bureman, who was present, de
livered an address on the good of the order.
'Die chiefs of Samoset Tribe of Vallejo and of
Otonkah Tribe of .\iipa were rained last week by
t>. M> Brown, X>. D. O. S. The last-named tribe
shows a gain of twenty members.
Great Inrohonee A. K. Patton was in Denver on
the 15th, from which point h« was to start for Xew
Mexico and Texas.
The Brand chief of records has received 6000
souvenirs of the order which are now ready for
distribution. On the back of the cover there is a
splendid picture of Tite Call's new building.
The Insignia, the oilicial organ of the order, has
passed into the control of the Great Council and is
conducted editorially by Great Chief of .Record
Burgman, who Is a talented writer on fraternal
matters.
In aoout two weeks a committee in charge of the
matter will present a new plan on the subject of
funeral benellts. The idea is to abolish the pay
ment of such benefits by the tribes and to Increase
the amount to $260 to be paid by the Great Coun
cil.
Another matter will soon be brought up and that
Is to make provision for sick benefits for those
who may belong to tribes that have surrendered
their charter but have Kept up membership by
paying their dues to the Great Council.
Daughters of Pocahontas,
The Daughters or Montczuma will, on next
Thursday, give an old clothes party in Red Men's
Hall, on Post street. This, one ox the most promi
nent councils in the reservation of California, will
present a good entertainment to its guests.
There was a public raising of the chiefs of Poea
hontas Council last Monday by Deputy Sister a'«
nes McMahoo, in the presence of a large number
of strangers. Annie Kelly, past Pocahontas, and
.Lizzie Holland, the retiring Pocahontas, were each
presented with a handsome badge In recognition of
services rendered.
Independent Order of Bed Men,
Grand Chief John Mangels has just concluded
the work of installing the officers of the different
lodges In this City and vicinity. The many lodges
he visited show that all are prospering. There has
been some loss by death, but on the whole the
membership aa well as finance has increased
During the visits the grand chief was accompa
nied by Past Grand Chiefs C. F. Fahrnbach s
Polack, Jacob Rumtsch and C. B. Rode who
greatly assisted him.
At the last meeting of Red Men's Schuetzen sec
tion Past Grand Chief Rode was made an honorary
member. •*
The new officer* of Oakland lodge have llchted
a new camp fire and they assert they will initiate
at least twenty new strangers in the next six
months.
Concordla Lodge under the supervision of Wil-
Ham Wille, D,D., is reported. In a flourishing con
dition.
Los Angeles Lodge has made a remarkable gain
in membership and finance.
The baby lodge, Schiller No. 278, has Initiated
twenty candidates in the past two months. H.
Menzerand William Gaubatz, very active mem
bers, are the bead of the organization and working
hard to secure results.
Junior Order of American Mechanics.
The committee of arrangements is at work pre
paring for the celebration of the anniversary of
the birth of George Washington. The several
councils of this City and the commandery will as
semble at the ferry land'ng, receive the councils
from Oakland and vicinity and form inline. They
will march to Odd Fellows' Hall, where the exer
cises will be held. None but members of the
order will be allowed to take part In the parade.
A new cou cil having already thirty-five names
on the roll will be organized in Oakland this week.
As yet no arrangements have been made In the
matter of transportation for the representatives to
the state Council that 13 to meet in Oakland early
in March, but the State Councilor expects to make
arrangements with the railroad company by the
Ist of March.
Joseph Powell, National organizer, has recently
instituted a council at Helena and one at Missoula,
Mont., and is about to oreaniz- one at Boise, Idaho.
He reports that before the i>nd of February he will
institute State councils in Montana, Wyoming and
Idaho.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
Grand Vice-President Gesford visited Santa Crue
on the 14th and Watson villa on the 15th. lo
night he, accompanied by Grand Secretary Henry
Lnntstedt, will visit Livermore to attend the an
nual banquet of Los ParclUM Parlor.
Grand Trustee Milton D. Garratt will shortly
visit all the parlors in Humtjoldt County.
Hydraulic I'nrlor installed its officers" in Nevada
City last Tuesday.
National Parlor installed its officers last Thurs
day.
The following officers of California Parlor were
installed by Merton C. Allen, D. D. n. P.: W. D.
Shea, P. p.; o. j.. Blackman, P.; Michael Selig
solin. F. V. P.; James O'Dwyer. S. V. P.- Dr.
Howord Herrlngton, T. V. P.: 'Frank B. Ryan, R.
S.: B. F. Han lon. F. S. ; H. F. i'ertiau, T.; Eugene
Gaothler Jr., M. : Etniie QantbJer, I. s. : a. F.
Holmberg, <j. s. ;n. H. Morse, o. •. trustees— F P
sii.-rman, K. H. Folsom and R. H. Morse. This
pftrlor has a membership of nearly 450 and has a
$12,000 in its treasury.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The otlicers of Buena Vista Parlor were installed
in an impressive manner last Thursday night by-
Mrs. C. S. Baker, D. D. G. P. Miss Mac Tower,
the retiring president, was the recipient of a beauti
ful pin.
The officers of Juanita Parlor of Amador were
installed by Mrs. Mary Clark, D. I). G. P.
The officers of Las Paimas Parlor. Ventura,
were publicly installed by Mrs. Cora Sifford, D. D.
O. P. This was the parlor's first public installa
tion, and it was greatly enjoyed by all.
By its New Year's party Forest Parlor cleared
S9O. and since then the parlor has purchased all its
paraphernalia, is now out of debt and has a good
treasury. It starts the new year witt good pros
pects.
To-morrow evening Esenscholtzia Parlor of Han
ford will give a leap-year party and on the 27th
lnst. will be tendered a benefit by the Hanford
Dramatic Club. The members of" the parlor are
workim; earnestly to the end that botll enter
tainments shall be financial successes.
Young Men's Institute.
The general committee having charge of the
celebration to be held on thft 22d of February is
busy at this time perfecting arrangements and
there is prospects of a grand affair on that day.
From information received at headquarters It ap
pears (hat the various councils throughout tue
.state will observe the day by open meetings.
Mission Council gave a banquet last Tuesday and
on that occasion presented a beautiful gold badge
to President J. E. I'.ichards.
Vallejo Council will give a ball on the 13th of
February. The council has named the following
committee of arrangements for the celebration on
Washington's birthday: J. F. Ryan, Frank Love
god, Joseph Claveau, C. F. McCullough and F. H.
Lee.
Oakland, American and Fraternity councils of
Oakland will, on Wednesday evening, meeting ia
joint session, tender a reception to the grand offi
cers in the hall of Oakland Council.
At its last meeting Columbia Council initiated
eight candidates. The next meeting of this council,
on Friday, will be an open one.
Sacramento Council will give a dance on the 30th
inst.
The death of Edward Tesreau of Sacramento
Council ia announced. He was at one time presi
dent of the council, a number of times he was a
representative in the Grand Council and was a most
active member of the order.
Znighta of the Golden Eagle.
Golden Gate Castle publicly installed Its officers
last Monday in the presence of a large assemblage.
A dance followed the installation and every one
had a good time.
Pacific Castle conferred the third degree on
three candidates at its last meeting. This degree
will be conferred on several candidates to-mo.rovr
night, and on the same evening the new officers
will be installed.
The officers of California Castle wern Installed
la^t Wednesday. At that meeting several appli
cations were received. This castle will have an
open meeting on Wednesday, the 29th, when the
opening and closing ceremonies will be in public.
This castle will give a ball In Union-square Hall
on February 4.
The semi-annual report by Grand Master of
Kecords George B. Ilanua shows a large increase in
membership during the past term.
Temple No. 2, Ladies of the Golden Eagle, wa«
organized at Pomona last week with a large char
ter-roll. Temple No. 3la being organized in Stock
ton
Order of Chosen Friends.
Evans Council will have its installation cere
monies in Concord Hall, Alcazar building, Thurs
day evening. The ceremony will be followed by a
social such as only Evans Council knows how to
arrange.
I,ast Wednesday Dr. Tod, D. D., installed the
officers of Samaritan Council and on Friday he in
stalled those of Bradford Council at South San
Francisco. The game night W. N. Brunt, D. D.,
installed the officers of California Council.
During the past week Grand Recorder Wall is
visited the councils at Nord, Chlco and Bed Bluff
and found two of them In good condition and pros
perous, but the one at Chlco had been allowed to
run down , and the officers had failed to Instruct
the members as to the rece/it changes In the law.
At a meeting of the members the grand recorder
explained the changes and revived an interest In
the council.
Equitable Aid Union,
California Union at its meeting held last Mon da
installed the following named officers: George W.
Morse, chancellor; Hannah E. Mervelle, advo
cate; P. B. Nagle, president: Rosa Bergman, vice
president: J. H. Sanborn, secretary; Fanny Aaron,
accountant: H. H. Reid, treasurer; Mary A. Dear
born, chaplain; Caroline Zimmerman, auxiliary;
Julia Beck, warden; Otto Hennlng, sentinel ; Otto
Hint/., watchman, and Dr. C. C. Wadsworth, medi
cal examiner. Louisa O'Connor is the organist
and G. W. Morse trustee.
The Union received a call for assessment 11 and
a notice from the supreme secretary that assess
ment 12 has been levied.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
Arrangements have been made with the railroad
company by the grand secretary for the carrying at
reduced rates of representatives to and from the
session of the Grand Lodge to be held In this City
on Sunday next.
The oilicers of California Lodge will be installed
by Grand President JoDas and Grand Orator Solo
mon on Thursday next.
Under instructions from the grand president the
officers of the various lodges are busy at this time
preparing their reports for presentation to the
Grand Lodge.
Boyal Arcanum.
Last Monday Argonaut Council No. 697 installed
the following officers, Deputy Supreme Regent F.
H. Lamb being the installing officer: J. B. Whit
ney, R.; George W. Dixon, V. R.: D. Allen, P. R. ;
B. H. Seawell, O. ; H. G. Watious, S. ; J. A. Ma
gagnos, C. ; Frederick Head, T. : K. B. Smith, G.;
T. L. Hall, W.; J. J. Sllvey, sentry; and E. J.
Knsign, chaplain.
This order, which was organized in Boston,
Mass.; in June, 1877, now has a membership of
180,000.
NEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco* Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIC!
O diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorder*
of the bladder and urinary organs, ruptnre, piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleenlessness, mental worry,
bashfulness. failing memory and all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
anJ permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Ktric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WRITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be given you free of charge
Address JF. L. BVVKASY, M.D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
San Francisco, CaL
910
GAYETIES OF MIDWINTER.
Mrs. Snell Pouison's Tea in
Honor of Miss Gertrude
Elliott.
ENGAGEMENT ANNOUNCEMENTS
Miss Clara Ever's Birthday Recep
tion—The Harrison Leap-
Year Party.
Miss Gertrude Elliott of the Marie Wain
wright company was delightfully enter
tained by Mrs. Edna Snell Poulson at an
informal tea at her residence, 1810 Gough
street, Friday afternoon. Among those
present were Mrs. J. D. Arnold, Mrs. W.
F. Bowers, Mrs. Hugh T. Sime, Mrs.
"William B. Wrightman, Miss Sarah D.
Hamiin, Mrs. Humphrey Smith, Misses
Perkins Mariedna Snell, Marion Powell,
Elsa Frank, Mable Hussey, Ruth Friesle
ben, Minna Schwabacher.
Rbirley B. Ryan, son of E. Black
Ryan of the Southern Pacific Company,
ami Charles Weidner, both members of the
California Camera Club, gave a stereo»>ti
con exhibition at the Occidental Hotel
Saturday evening. The views were all of
California scenes. The tniests of the hotel
were all invited, and a large audience was
delighted. Fhe management added much
to the interest of the affair by securing the
services of the well-known lecturer Wil
liam A. Murison.
The Michigan Association of California
held its regular monthly meeting last
Monday evening at the Occidental Hotel.
There were several papers read, and tea
and refreshments were served.
Mr. and Mrs. I'hillinp Rohrbacher announce
the engagement of their daughter, Miss Adel,
to C. A. Meussdorffer.
Mr. and Mrs. J. (.ireenebaum announce the
engagement of their daughter, Millie V.
• iri-enebautn, to Dr. Herbert W. Hatch. Miss
Millie lireencbaum is a popular society girl of
San Francisco, admired ior her accomplish
ments and her charming disposition, as well as
for her beauty, which is of a high order. Her
father is a prominant stockbroker, and the
young ladj" is the niece of Louis floss. l>r.
Herbert Hatch is the son of Dr. and Mrs. J. H.
Hatch.
In a recent engagement announcement be
tween Miss Dena Levy and Arthur Strauss,
both of this City, a typographical error oc
curred, whereby "Albert " appeared as the
given name of Mr. Stratus.
The Misses Verna and Geraldine Harrison
gave a leap-year party at their home, corner
of California and Biiloer streets, last Friday
evening. Their guests were all arrayed in
dominoes and In masks. There were present
the following young people : Harold Forties.Bert
Moore, Will Vates, Clarence Freed, Lewis Par
ker, Will Avery, Walter O"Brien, Bert Walsh,
Kussel Pariser, David Painter, Joe Giestings,
Frank Giestings, Fred Backman, Ralph Saelt
zer, Walter Hoan.Miss Verna Harrison, Miss
Acnes Harrison, Miss Ethel Hudson, Miss
Geraidiiie Harrison, Miss Alice Harrison, Miss
I'hoebe Painter, Miss Lizzie Painter, Miss Clara
Underbill, Miss Clara Oppenheim, Miss Maude
Lo:ig, Miss Mnble Watts, Miss Grace Duncan,
Miss Lillian Childs, Miss Lydia Molawnsky.
Tuesday last, at the residence of her parents
I-. 1 -; Fourteenth street, Miss < !ara Evers enter
tained a number of her young lady friends, the
event being the anniversary of her sixteenth
birthday. Alter an afternoon spent in conver
sation, music and games the guests adjourned
to the dining-room for refreshments. Among
those present were: Mrs. C. Evers. Mrs. Horst
niaun, Mrs. X. Evers, Mrs. Warnke, Mrs. C.
Huhs, Mrs. X. Huhs, Mrs. Boyd, Mrs. Holtz"
.Evers, Miss X. Huh.-, 'Miss X. Evers'
Miss C. Hung, Miss C. Warnke, Miss C. Matthev
Miss T. Fredericks, Miss E. Harsrins, Miss 4.
Schroder, Miss D. Heitmuller and Miss E
Muller.
An enjoyable leap-year musical was given
last Friday evening at the residence of Mrs. D
Rosenberg, 1306 Laguna street. An interest
ing programme was rendered. Among the
eaesta present were: Misses Forrest, Williams,
Young, Wise, Walters, Franks, Bley. Coleman
Aaron. Mrs. Alex Mann Jr., Mrs. D. Rosenberg,
Mrs. C. Rosenberg, the Misses Fisher, Mann,
Friss.Josephs, Caro, L. Rosenberg, It. Rosenberg,
and Misses Dresner, Goodman, Quast, Alexan
der, Franks, Wise, Andrews, Hulse, Stern,
Mann, Morgenthau, B. G. Rosenberg, C.Rosen
berg, D. Rosenberg, Wolfsohn and Caro.
Saturday evening, January 11, Mr. and Mrs.
I). H. Mathe-on entc-rtained'a number of their
friends at their home, 933 Sanchez street, the
occasion being the twentieth anniversary of
their marriage. After a delightful programme
and an address by Rev. Donald M. Ross, the
company repaired to the dining-room and par
took of supper. Among those present were-
Mr. and Mrs. D. H. Matheson, Rev. and Mrs
I>. M. Rcss, Mr. !and Mrs. T. McLeod, Mr and
If rs. J. Torry, Mr. and Mrs. Knox.Mrs. McQueen,
Mr. and Mrs. J. Beale, Mr. and Mrs. W. J.
Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. J. D. Fraser, Miss Me-
Kenzie, Mr. and Mrs. W. G. Fraser, Gordon
Halliday, D. Hailiday, Miss Jessie Halliday,
Mrs. Walker, Miss Kerr, Herbert Atwater, Harry
Stauffacher, Miss Gay. Mr. and Mrs. Spaulding
Mr. and Mrs. Koh'.er, Mr. and Mr*. G. L. Munro
Mrs. Townsend. Mr. diid Mrs. J. Brown, Mrs.
L. McLean, Miss McQuins, Mrs. Brown, Mr
aud Mrs. D. Robertson, Miss Pearl Robertson
Mr. and Mrs. H. Small, Mr. and Mrs. J. Barre,
Mr. and Mrs. Robert Johnson, Mr. and Mrs
Chalmers, Mr. and Mrs. J. A. McDonald, Miss
McDonald, Mr. and Mrs. M. Comstock, Mr and
Mrs. A. G. Fraser, Mr. McKeen, Miss McKeen,
Mrs. Wood, Miss Estella Matheson, Edgar
Matheson. W. p. Matheson, George Matheson.
The Maze Mutual Insurance Association,
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ingleslde Track.
01 tanc- 1 """' 8 ?'. here the borseß have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; «, about.
Indez. '
Name.
I Best
Lbs record.
Lbs
Tk.
!
Owner.
374 Hidaga 106 1:30 7f
546 Ida 95 no rc-c.
555 Pecksniff 107 ...
SOS Rosebud '104 1 :28i~> 7f
646 Road Runner... ! 107 1:41% lm
538 Repeater > 99 1:16% ,M/~ f
568 Carmel 105 1:18Vl 6f
519 Montana 112 1:32 7f
651 E. H. Sherley . . 10S I:3^ 7f
547 Toano 107 1:06%, 51A f
(546) Sligo 107 1:17 ,6»
99 ; F...;
........
........
104 H..
104 F...
102 Fa.
102 H..i
107 H..:
104 H..i
111 P..
107iH..1
B. Schreiber ! Hidalgo-Gracf osa
Aberdeen stable. ... j Joe Hooker-Addle O'Nell
o B .",, t . ler ! lm. Mr. Plckwick-Henlopen
BurnsAUatorhouse Tyrant-Rosemary
Antrim stable jJoe Daniels-Miss Hooker
J. Brenock j Rapture- Ventura
x 2 I "w ay , lor Duke of Norfolk-Carmen
.1. P. Woolman storey-Uga
¥,: Br ° wn !Bonn'ie Brown-Dispatch
\\\ m. Bloombaugh.. Ix>nefellow-Salara
S.C. HiMreth Im.Mr. Pickwick- Henlopen
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs:
Best !
Index. Name. Lbs record.! Dlst.
688 Po.iock 104
611 Peru 107 . . .
474 Don Rio Pico... 107 1 :02/4 5f
553 Imp. Alien 109 no rvc.
653 Trappean 112 no rec.
544 Heartsease 107 1:14»4 8f
638 Myrtle H 107 :56 4V 2 f
Name.
Lbs
Best
record .
Lbs
Tk.
........
106 F.V.
ioi f.'.'. 1
104 F...
(McXaughton&Muir!
IAI Morine |
J. Robbius
Aberdeen stable I
W. L>. Ilandall |
J. C. Htimphrey j
T. J. Roche I
' Imp. Rossington-Marjorie
('itni'i-Carmilita
■Joe Honker-Countess Zeika
lEstPr.ing-Al Meb
I Imp. Inv(>rness-1 a Trappe
I Imp. Kyrle Daly-Extract
I 1 orso-Laay Leinst*r
THIRD KACE— One mile: selling.
Itdei. I
Name.
I Lbs]
I Be?t
.record.
I
Lbs Tk.
! Dlst.
5T4 Dunt?arven 108 1 :1 5034 1 1-16 m
(65^) Ransom 98 1:413/. lm
567 Kowalsky 86 1:4&*2 I m
(.'.j'j) rrf-d Gardner. .. 106 1:42 V& lm
(541) Fremont ; 98;l:49Vi!l 1-16 m '
99 Fa. 1 !,. Ezell.
96 P..|C F. Sanders...
95 H..p;. Corrigan
104 F..F. M.Taylor
92 Fa. lA. B. Spreckels. ..
Hindoo-Imp. Calphurnia
Altcerine-Xeilie Ransome
Ifaa<- Murpliy-Derochment
Luke Klackhurn-Kiifilade
Flood-imp. Queen Bess
FOURTH RACE-One and a sixteenth miles; handicap.
Name.
I Best
Lbs record .
Dist. Lbs Tk.
I ip^liii^lilll^-iiiP 7
FIFTH RACE-Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
I - Best 1
Lbs record. ; Dist. ' Lbs
'Tk.
656 Monterey 108 1:13% »61 103 ; Eikton siabla i
548 SI:::::::::::: j 108 :#? 6 . f loa H - : it n « R,.»i f lpw ;
m Robin Hood 1 108 ip« u£ j 99 «- m S" ::::::
645 ; Bravura i 98,1:14 *6 f 98 F Pueblo table
484 Bernardo 100 1:14% 6f 95'f < Pleasanton LtkhlV" '
ft-lH PMlomena j 98 1:091/2 51,., f 100 H W it Sink Btable " !
050 George Miller 100 1:13^ tit" ;HBv"\ \V L <tanfiel'd '"' '
(547) Major Cook 1 104 ; 1:17% 6 f j 106 H.F M " TavVor I
398 Handsome 103 lilSiC 6f 111 p. X Corrican
(561) Strathmeatli 110 1:33% 7f 113 H.'iaßMorri«*ro'
(619) Chartreuse II 98 1:18. 6 f 99 H WffßSnMri;
648 Potentate 105 1:12 l«6f 107 |f.. Bufn^fe wSSrti ££e |
!Hidplgo-Gleu KUeu
ZorllH-Fraulein
Fals. fo-Viviin<ta
, Forest er-M arat nna.
iWildidle-Wtiy Not
llm. Cheviot-Sweet Peggy
j Himyar-JLAst Ban
I.ortin-wminu
Bulwark-Lister to Violet
:HaDover-Imp. Cinderella
Btrathrnore-Frerof Mcatli
Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Zara
H'd-n Edwards-Amelia P
I i Best ; ~ j "~ j ~~. : ■ :j ■ — t — -
ladexj Name. ; Lbs record. Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
546 £££& "l ilSiJI i 1 ?' 110 f^L^tf 10 " V" 'I - True Bri.on-.MIMe
409 v2^::::: iJ? l-JSJtje «:' "sH":x™ fc A,Y aterbon8 5i^ B^« n w 5;S l «» eO .
.
Name.
i composed of the empiopes of "The Maz<»," will
I give their third anniversary entertainment
; ami ball on Thursday evening, January 23, at
Ur.ion-squnre Hall.
At a meeting of the McKenzie Musical Soci
ety, J. W. McKenzie director, last Tuesday
evening the loUov.ing officers were elected:
John Sale, president; Miss Minnie Powell,
vice-president; C. F. tie Long, secretary; L.
Stiles librarian; A. Littlewood. assistant libra
rian: M. Sehlesinger, &ergeam-at-arms; Mrs.
W. Margo, Mrs. J. Igo, Dr. Paul Erhardt and F.
Healy, voice committee. The society is rehears
ing ior its second invitation concert, to take
place in February.
The Unity Social Club gave its first social
gathering at the residence of Mr. and Mrs.
Shaw Friday evening. Those present were:
Miss Penelope Standard, the Misses Roberts,
Mi- Fannie Sanborn, Miss Gertrude Baldwin.
Mi>> Vera Pedlar, the Misses Ettings, Miss
Daisy Salter, Miss Amy Cookson, the Misses
Place, Miss Daiae Lee, Mrs. Shaw, Mrs. Chase,
Messrs. Shaw, Ormand, Foulkes, Staud. Terrill,
Baily, Sanborn. Lovett, Sobey, Reed, Falls, Co
megys, Shaw, Bullen, Conlon and Collett.
ThY leap-year party of the Welcome Social
Club took place at California Hall last Thurs
day evening and was largely attended. The
grand rnarcn, which was led by the floor man
ager, Miss Annie Heitmann, was participated
in by over 150 couples. The following ladies
acted as floor committee: Miss Hass, Miss
Khlers, Miss Faure and Miss Steigiitz.
Ivanhoe Council No. 130, C. O. F.,held a
public installation of its officers in Foresters'
Hall, 10-2 O'Farrell street, last Wednesday
evening, which was well attended by a select
assemblage oi companions and their friends.
Notwithstanding the inclemency of the
weather, the chief companion, Mrs. Mamie
Pbelps, assisted by Mrs. Fembethy, the finan
cial >ocretary, spared neither time nor expense
in their supervision of the hall decoration,
Which was made to look charming with
Japanese lanterns, American flags, flowers and
evergreens. After the usual routine of busi
ness had been disposed of a varied programme
was presented, and- the evening ended with a
dance and light refreshments.
The Mystics crowded Union-square Hall last
Tuesday on the occasion of their opening party
for 18iH>. The march, which began promptly
at 0 o'clock, was led by K. Mathesoc and Miss
Ella Cella. By request John I', (irodgens sang
a barytone solo, "Asthore," and for an encore
"My Little Woman,'' which was delightfully
rendered. Programmes, a souvenir of the
opening, were distributed during the march
by H. G. Muller and Miss Lizzie Griffin.
Daniel O'Callagha:! was at Jerusalem at
Christmas. He expected to sail for Bombay
about January 1.
Miss Hannah Rosenblatt, who has been visit
ing her sister, Mrs. E. C. Beck, returned home
yesterday.
Mr. and Mrs. Theo A. Figel are at present in
Indio, and will stay nbout a month. They will
visit Coronado and other southern resorts on
their way home.
GOSSIP OF THE TURF
Six Well-Filled Events and a
Match Race at Ingleside
To-Day.
Wednesday, the Concluding Day of the
Meeting, Will Be Ladies' Day.
News Items.
From present indications the members
of the bangtail division will have a muddy
track to race over the laat three days of
the Ingleside meeting. The rain has
seriously interfered with fast work and the
majority of the cracks have been enjoying
a rest, nibbling hay in their stalls. To
present a racing card to the public that
will please the eye of the critics under the
present climatic changes is not a relish
able task. However, the card offered by
the management of Ingleside tract; for the
inspection of the public to-day is far above
the average, in fact one of the best of the
meeting. As an extra attraction, outside
of the regular six well-rilled events, there
will be a match race at half a mile between
Walter Hobart's pony Gold Coin, ridden
by George Miller, and J. Talbot Clifton's
Jessie Sturgill with Sam Doggett in the
saddle.
A considerable amount of money is wa
gered on the result, and as both gentlemen
are well known in society circles their
I friends will inaka it a hot "betting affair.
! Mr. Clifton's betting propensities are well
; known, and it is said he will be prepared
j to bet a chunk on his horse.
During the rainy evenings the horsemen
busy themselves in the down-town hotels
playing billiards and whist or chatting in
the corridors about the fast work-out of
this or that youngster, who is as yet
" under cover." Walter Hobart's Coupon,
who has won both of the two-year-old
events in such impressive style, is the sub
ject of much discussion.
Many claim that he is another Crescendo
and that he will go down the line, while
others quietly remark: ''Wait until he
bumps up against some of the good one 3."
It does seem a trifle early to rank him a
stake colt, for the ones that finished be
hind him were a very ordinary lot. A
brother to Vinctor, who is said to be a bet
ter one than that fast horse, will face the
flag in the near future, and John Kobbius
and Burns & Waterhouse are said to have
some "VVaterbury breakers." And then
again Coupon may only be the advance
guard of what Mr. Hobart has in his
stable. Tom Boyle, who handles the
string of Mr. Spreckels, only smiles when
I asked if he has any good ones.
At any rate, it will not be long before
i the dead Martenhurst's son has a chance
! to show whether he is made of the right
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
sort of material from which Morellos, Sal
vators and Henry of Navarres spring.
George E. Smith (Pittsburg Phil) and
Walter Keyes returned to the City yester
day from the southern country, and were
prominent figures in the Palace Hotel
billiard-room last evening. Before leaving
for Los Angeles the noted plunerer was re
ported to be $35,000 behind the game.
Leo Schwartz and Aleck Morris, two
well-known New York uencilers, are the
latest arrivalain turfdom.
Wednesday will be "Ladies' Day" as
usual at Ingleside.
Pete Riley and Charley Hughes, who
have been booking under the firm name
of Hughes «fe Co., are reported to have dis
solved partnership on Saturday.
While Riley Grannan has been gradu
ally depleting his exchequer his side part
ner, Will Wallace, is $15,000 to the good.
The well-known horseman, Pat Dunne,
owner of Flying Dutchman and other
good ones, is wintering at Memphis,
where he will remain until the opening of
the Southern racing season.
Ed Games does not write many tickets,
but handles a deal of coin. One day last
week his ticket-writer wrote but five paste
boards, yet he took in $6000 and kept $5200
of that sum. Grannan was the principal
donator.
The Western contingent say 4 to 1
against Ben Brush for the Kentucky
Derby is finding money. Starter Caldwell
says Crescendo will take the Bramble
colt's measure the first time they meet.
CITY TROPHY MATCHES.
Guardgmen Want State Regiments to
Compete for the Centennial Prize
Hereafter.
Colonel Henry Shaw's appeal to the
Board of Supervisors for an order requir
ing a revival of rifle competitions among
National Guardsmen for the Centennial
trophy or the return of the prize to the
City has aroused considerable interest in
military circles. The trophy to which
Colonel Shaw made reference was for years
in the possession of the First Regiment of
Infantry and was kept on exhibition in the
officers' quarters of the reeimental' armory
on Market and Tenth streets. It still re
mains in the charge of the new regiment,
and Colonel Shaw's demand for some
proper disposition of it will very probably
result in settling the question which lias
bothered the new officers of the guard ever
since the recent reorganization.
Since the trophy was last won by a team
from the First Infantry, and it was a good
many years ago, it has been left to gather
dust and gradually become a rather dirty
looking sample of silver plate, and
nobody has ever seemed to know what to
do with it. The officers of the old First
Regiment simply held it because no one
was anxious to win it from them. On the
several occasions on which it was shot for,
the First Infantry team was always victo
rious. This regiment had the best marks
men and led easily in all of the competi
tions.
Finally the other regiments decided
that it was a useless task to spend time
and money preparing riflemen for con
tests in which they had no chance of
success. Enthusiasm waned very quickly
and the City's big silver gift was laid away
and forgotten.
A few years ago a vigorous demand was
made that competitions between the regi
ments be revived. Colonel Sullivan, then
commanding the First Regiment, an
nounced his willingness to enter a team
with the other regiments. The affair was
widely discussed but nothing ever came
of it, and the First held on to the trophy.
The officers of the new regiment, and
officers in the service generally, are puzzled
to imagine what the Board of Supervisors
may do about it. The trophy was given
by the City to be competed for annually
by teams from the several local regiments'.
Now there is but one regiment and there
cannot well be any more regimental con
tests here.
The National Guardsmen are not en
tirely willing to lose the trophy, and there
is talk among a large number of the offi
cers of asking the Supervisors to permit
annual matches between all of the State
regiments or between teams representing
each of the three brigades. This will very
likely be the suggestion offered, as it is al
ready intended to establish a rifle associa
tion, and the trophy can be made the chief
award for champion marksmanship.
The Centennial trophy is a massive affair
of solid silver. It consists of a large cir
cular disk, supported by a central column
lavishly ornamented with flags, stands of
arms, statuettes, targets and other things
emblematic of range rifle-firing. The cost
of it was $500.
OCEAN VIEW COURSING
Captain Morse Won the All-
Age Stake From Fast
Hercules.
Clever Seminole Took First Money in
the Puppy Stake With
Great Ease.
Several hundred "rain or shine" follow
ers of the leash turned out to witness the
coursing at Ocean View park yesterday,
and saw some of the highest class dogs in
the State chase the elusive jacks in runs
that often brought the honnds up against
the paddock fence while the rabbit went
contentedly to nibbling grass inside and
out of their reach.
St. Lawrence and Lord Clifton, tw6 blue
blooded dogs imported from the East by
Martin Kerrigan some time ago, were in
the all-age stake, but owing to lack of con
dition and the fact that they both met fast
and clever does, both were put out m the
run-down.
The betting was more even than usual
and consequently heavy. Captain Morse
placed another stake to his owner's credit
by winning from Hercules, a young doi;
that shows wonderful speed, but a (treat
lack of judgment, owing to the fact that
he has had very little experience with the
hares. With a little more age and practice
he will make the best oi them hustle to
win.
Following is the result of the run-down :
D. Tweedie's Dublin Stout beat J. Kerrigan's
Lord Clifton, T. Butler's Faster and Faster beat
J. Kerrigan's St. Lawrence, J. Quane's Captain
Morse beat F. C. Randolph's Tricks, J. Byrne's
Mohawk and D. Dunlea's Sweeper ran an un
decided and were withdrawn, Bay Farm Ken
nel's Mission Boy beat D. Tweedie's Rustic, J
Edmond's Hercules beat Richmond Kennel's
Richmond Boy, Richmond Kennel's Long
fellow beat J. Edmunds' Valley Queen J
Edmunds' Vida Shaw beat C. Evan's Dasha
way.
First ties— Dublin Stout beat Faster and
Paster, Captain Morse beat MohawK, Hercules
beat .Mission Boy, Vida Shaw beat Longfellow
Second ties— Hercules beat ■ Dublin Stout
Captain Morse beat Vida Shaw.
Final— Captain Morse beat Hercules.
Prizes— Captain Morse $20, Hercules $10
Viaa Shaw and Dublin Stout $5 each.
Seminole, one of the most likely young
sters that have appeared on the coursing
field for some time, won the puppy stake
with ease. He is by Barney F, out of Nel
lie Bly, and will bear watciiine in the fu
ture.
Following is the result of the run-down:
Sunrise kennel's Jenny Lind beat T. Moore's
Monitor, J. Byrne's Seminole beat T. Walton's
Bobolink, J. Byrne's Mohawk beat A. Merrill's
Tommy Hall, P. McKeon's Flambo beat W.
Ramsel's Nellie C.
First ties— Jennie Lind beat Topsy, Seminole
beat Flam do. ;..--.
Final— Seminole beat Jenny Lind.
Prizes— Seminole $10, Jenny Lind $6,
Flambo $4. .
Judge, Ed Canavan; slipper, John Cranston.
On Sunday next a 32-dog stake at $1 en
trance, the drawing for which will take
place at 915: Market street on Thursday
evening, will be run. •
■ - — — «■ ♦ — •- .
A camel driver in Persia is paid $7 a
month and boards himself.
ARMY AND NAVY NOTES
Why Coppinger's Nomination Is
Not Confirmed By the
Senate.
GOSSIP IN ARMY CIRCLES.
Two of the Brawlers of Battery A,
Fifth Artillery, Sentenced to
Severe Punishment.
The nomination of Colonel Coppingerto
be brieaaier-general has not been con
firmed by the United States Senate. The
opposition is said to come mainly from Sen
ator Burrows oi Michigan, although repre
eentatives of the American Protective
Association from Detroit have protested
against the confirmation of General Cop
pinger on the ground that he is a foreigner
and a Catholic. Senator Burrows opposes
the confirmation because Coppinger
was promoted over several colonels,
among them Colonel Shafter of the First
Infantry, now at Angel Island.
In army circles the nomination of Colonel
Coppinger by President Cleveland created
some comment, but not much surprise. It
is known that Colonel Copoinger's mother
in-law, Mrs. James G. Elaine, made a per
sonal request to President Harrison that
her son-in-law should be made a brigadier
general, and gossip 13 to the effect that
Harrison turned away from her without
giving any reply to the petition. It is said
that she did not forgive Mr. Harrison for
this rebuff, but immediately set to work
to use ail the influence in her power to se
cure the promotion from the succeeding
administration. Presumably President
Cleveland gave her friendly audience, and
consented to promote the son-in-law of his
old antagonist, James G. Blame.
Army officers expect that Coppinger will
be confirmed, although it is a fact that he
has been promoted over officers who svere
entitled by seniority, as well as by dis
tinguished services, to promotion.
Two of the ringleaders in the tumult in
Battery A. Fifth Artillery, at the Presidio
on New Year's Eve have been punished.
Private Charles R. Valentine was found
guilty of assaulting with intent to kill a
non-commissioned officer, and was sen
tenced by the court-martial to be dishon
orably discharged from the service, to for
feit ail pay and allowances and to be con
fined at hard labor for ten years.
General Forsyth reduced the term of
confinement to six years and approved the
rest of the sentence. Valentine will be
sent to the military prison at Fort Leaven
worth.
Private Daniel W. Bault of Battery A,
Fifth Artillery, was tried by court-martial
and found guilty of failing to come to the
assistance of a non-com missioned officer,
and of encouraging a violent attack by
another man. Bault has been sentenced
to be dishonorably discharged from the
service and to be conlined at hard labor
for three months.
Private George Dempsey of Battery A,
who was tried on the charge of failing to
assist a non-commissioned officer, was
acquitted.
Private John W. Lewis, Battery L, Fifth
Artillery, nas been dishonorably dis
charged for assaulting a comrade and
being absent without leave.
Private George W. Good, Battery A, was
found guilty of being drunk and disorderly
and of stabbing a comrade. He was sen
tenced to be dishonorably discharged from
the service and to be confined at hard labor
for two years.
Private Walter A. Sims, Troop X, Fourth
Cavalry, was found guilty of absence v.ith
out leave and of breach of arrest. He was
sentenced to be dishonorably discharged
from the service and to be confined at hard
labor for one month.
Private diaries G. Marsh, who was tried
on the charge of being drunk and dis
orderly and of engaging in a light with a
comrade, was acquitted.
Battery A of the Fifth Artillery has not
a bad name, but it has been known for
some time that there were two or three
bad men in the company. Captain .Rob
erts has commanded the battery lor four
months only. It came to his Knowledge
that the-enlisied man who tried to kill the
corporal in the barracks tumult boasted of
having killed a man at Danville, Virginia
In the drunken boast he said that the
name under which he was known in the
battery was assumed and pretended to
give his right name and the name of his
victim in Danville. Captain Egberts has
written to Danville to ascertain if any
brawl occurred there resulting as the
drunken soldier announced.
The refusal of an officer or an enlisted
man to respond to a call for assistance to
stop a fight or mutiny is a very serious
offense under the Articles of War. The
regulations are so positive that in a case
of this kind a private soldier may put an
officer under arrest if the latter engages in
a mutiny or brawl and refuses to desist.
Word has been received from Washing
ton that Captains Hodgsdon and Stodder
left there on January 7 for San Francisco.
They have been authorized to investigate
the charges against Captain Healy of the
Bear.
The cruiser Boston is stili in port, but is
under orders to proceed to the Asiatic sta
tion and relieve "the Concord.
The officers of the Philadelphia are hav
ine a delightful time at Santa Barbara.
Tne cruiser will go south after leavinc
that port.
Rear-Admiral Jouett in a recent inter
view pronounced the monitor Purit;in the
best fighting craft afloat. The Puritan
and Monterey are of the same type, but
the former is larger and more formidable.
Ihe admiral is confident that, the Puritan
can whip any battle-ship in the world.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 530 Montgomery stMtt,
corner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes Btreet. open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opea
•ntll 9 •'clock.
3818 Mission street, open untU 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
MOTICiJ .OF BIKJETINGfe.
BESS 3 KING^SOLOMON'S LODGER NO. " » "
"~^ 260, F. and A. M., corner Geary and_£tt
.-Called meeting THIS (MON-"^2f
DAY) EVENING, &i 7:30 o'clock, for third /V^
degree. By order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR. Secretary.
IR^* OCCIDENTAL LODGiE NO. 22, F. ft~
rtwTvn^i-"*-; M -Called meeting THIB^«V
i In 1 ? A Y > EVENING, January 20, atTfTjT
7:dosharp. First decree. By order of W. r \
f^ EDW. F. DELGER, Secretary.
f£SjS» SAN FRANCISCO CHAPTER NO. 11
rfrfl 1. Royal Arch Masons, meets THIS _/V_
EVENING for business. - KL3f
H. G. PRINCE. Secretary, /^^
dutch MINING and milling COM-
1~~-;I ~~- ; pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH MINING AND MILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
ing, southwest corner California and Montgomery
?,V ef^ s ' San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
■ilst day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting. • .... , . ......
San Francisco, January 11, 1896.
, r „ G. TRITTENBACH, President.
■M. Claussen-ips, Secretary.; ■.--.;-• 1-'
PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. CO.—
J"rT Ihe regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of the company, 1111
l nion street, corner Sharp's t>lace, San Francisco,
<-ai., on riday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock P. m.. for
nic i purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
..<« ,, JOHN -B. LEIGHTON, Secretary.
FrincUc^ci" 11101181 - COrner Sharp ' S lace ' 9an
MEETING NOTICES-Continued.
|X-§= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
*»*" annual meeting of stockholders -of - the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the
office of the company, 3:27 Market street, San
Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 21st day oi
January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. if., for
the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction ol
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
uary 10, at 3 o'clock p. m.
K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
———————————— _
SPECIAL NOTICES.
s£6§p~T'HiE olTp^a'nT^'Xn^D HALF?
Kb-*"' orphans that were received into St. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Subaner
aged 10 yrs.; Agnes Ash, 2yr 8 .; Nellie Dixon, 5
yr .; Margaret Bushnell, 12 yrs.; Agnes Terry 1
yr. ; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris 10 Vrs
Half-orphans-Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs. ; Susie Sao-
Chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 5 yrs. : Meta Keen 2
yrs.; Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis 5 yrs • Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Liston. 9 vrs -"Carrie
Myers. 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs ; Margaret
Eisner. 6 mos.; Annie Miller, 2 yrs.- Josephine
Miller. lyr.: Mary Pancratic, 1 yr.; Mary ln O °-
enburg. 9 yrs.; Vera Marks, 4 yrs.; Agnes Muse,
11 yrs.: Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.: Vergil Lenard. 10
yrs.; Henry Lenard, 3 yrs.; Joseph Haley, B yrs •
Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.; Lucretia Lenard" 6 vrs.-'
Walter Lenard, 7 yrs.; William White. 2 wks '•
Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr .; Louise
Digner, 6 yrs.; Joseph Catchman, 4 yrs ■ Laura
Catchman, 9 yrs.: Agnes Catchman, 5 vrs • Irene
Catchman, 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere. 9 yrs.- ('iastina
Montonia, 2 yrs.; Johnny Rice, 7 yrs. : George
Snowenberg, 7 yrs.: Joseph Snowenberg 8 yrs
Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 vr« • Mar'v
Domon, 9 yrs. "■.r7Z*.
I3 3 CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFEI
Cb~-*y. Chlropodic Institute, room 11, 906 Market. '
Bfc^S* M RS.~W A LLACE," 109 POWELL~ST7
Ep*-^ room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
IE^^BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR &£
■*- Er Collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy at., room 6, Tel. 5580.
B^S 3 MBS. ROBB, 1035 MARKKT ST., ROOM
»*& 8, second floor; genuine massage treatment.
Js£3f* CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS^
•**& fully treated, DR. LLOYD. Lurline Baths.
BP3p windows cleaned and floors
B * > - Er scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
carnages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., 242 Sutter.
jjSSS* ROOMS WHITENED. ?1 UP; PAPER^
"E--^ PdSaSOnp. 317V 2 Third. Choree Hartman.
SITUATIONS WAIN TED-FEMALE.
Br scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment fot
nages cuaranteed. C. ±;OSSI & CO., 24'J Sutter.
5? ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP- PAPER-
ED fri S3 , r >() mi. 31 7i-:_. Tl.ird. (iourge Hartman.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
VOUSG LA DY WISHES A POSITION at
X second work or as chambermaid in hotel or pri-
vate family; can give reference. Address 221
Birch aye.
IRL OF 17 WISHES SITUATION TO AS-
vX gist in light housework; sleephome. Call 16
Converse st., off Bryant, bet. Eighth and Ninth.
No postals.
A RELIABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
-£»- tlon to do general housework in a small
family. Address 740 Howard st.
TV" ANTED— SITUATION BY A PROTESTANT
*» middle-aged woman; two years in ,as: place.
206 Fifth st.
A PROTESTANT GERMAN GIRL WOULD
-rv like a position for upstairs work and sewing
In a private family. Address I. \\\, box 106, Call.
COMPETENT WIDOW WISHES SITUATION
VJ as housekeeper or to do general housework;
city or country best of references. Call 553 How-
ard st. Call lor 2 days.
TUATION WANTED BY A CANADIAN
k_> Protestant woman in American family; good
cook : can glv» reference if required. 1013% Lar-
kiu st.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS PLACE
»» in the country to do housework or hotel wash-
>ng and ironing. 231 Market st., room 24.
W A N'TED— SITUATION AS FIRSF-CLASS
'» laundress; no objection to chamberwork; best
of reference. M. J., box 90, Call office.
PETENT GERMAN WOMAN, FIRST^
\J class cook, desires situation in first-class Ameri-
can family; wages not under $35 a month; refer-
ences. Call 753 Howard st.
WOMAN WANTS PLAIN SEWING OF ANY
» » kind ; gentlemen's clothes cleaned and pressed.
114 Fourth st., room 15.
V OUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
■I- waitress in small restaurant.- 1057 Folsom st.
\\r IDOW~WANTB WORK BY THE DAY,
* ' washing or housecleaning; $1 per day and car-
fare. Call 717 Howard st.
V» ANTED — SITUATION BY FIRST-CLASS
' waitress: hotel or restaurant. Address MISS
X.. box I, Call Office.
TYLISH DRESSMAKER (JUST FROM THE
O East) wishes engagement.) by day or lake work
home. 418 Octavia st.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION AS
VJ second girl and do all kinds of sewing; good
seamstress. Call 3439 Sixteenth st., nr. Sanchez.
pOMPETENT COOK, WITH REFERENCE,
VJ desires a situation; wages not less than $30-
-city or country. 316 Laguna st.
QWEUISH GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN
O a private, respectable family; a good cook and
has good city references. Fulton House, room 19.
OUSEKEEPER, ELDERLY, WISHES SIT-
XX nation. Address 39 Dorland St., off Guerrero
bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth.
V OONO LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
X housekeeper: also a dressmaker; will take
work home; very reasonable. Apply 706 Ellis, r. 2.
I> EXPECTABLE YOUNG LADY WISHES A
J.V position as saleslady in dry-goods or candy
store. Call 700 Bay st.
WANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
" housekeeper by young woman for widower
with children; good cook and seamstress; country
preferred; must be allowed to bring her three-
year-old child. Address or call 1332 Turk st., bet.
Webster and Fillmore.
pOMPETENT GIRL WISHES TO ASSIST
VJ with housework; reference. 5 Oakwood st..
off Eighteenth. :-, ■■ f.
GOOD RELIABLE GIRL WOULD LIKE
place to do housework and cooking in Ameri-
can family; wages #25. Address 424 Day St., be-
tween Twenty-ninth and Thirtieth.
OMAN WANTS TO DO PLAIN WASHING
»» and mending for family or gentleman at home.
6C4 Natoma st. _- ■-.■*.. ■>
Air OMAN WANTS TO WORK BY THE DAY,
»" washing and cleaning, or will clean empty
houses: $1 a day and carfare. Address W. W.
box 63, Call Office. - ■■■
"ID ESPECTABLE woman wishes WORK
-IV by the day: can furnish best of references
Call at 24 Washington aye. ■ .
T ADY DESIRES TO DO PLAIN SEWING
±J or mending at home; reasonable. Apply or
address 503 Twenty-second st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS CHAMBER-
IX work and washing in hotel, or housework; no
objection to large family. Room 113, 715 Howard.
ERMAN GIRL A PLACE IN ger-
'JT man family to do upstairs work and wait on
tab c. 468 Jessie st.
/COMPETENT WOMAN WANTS POSITION:
V--' understands care of Infants or invalids; good
seamstress. Address G., box M, this office.
■pESi-ECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
At wishes situation to do general nous-work; city
or country. Call three days 20'Xj Stockton.
■yOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSiTioN AS
X typewriter. 873 Vi Market St., room 13, second
floor.
pEFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
-TV housekeeper. Call 1 to 9 p. m., 832 Mission st.,
room 6. - - • . v
T ADIE8 1 AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
Lj neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market St.,
room 21. ■ -;.----•
■yOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper. Call 203 Powell St., room 5.
T> V A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
JD can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post no objection to leaving the city or State.
Address, for one week, L. Z., box 59, Call Office.
TJKFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
XV position as traveling companion, saleslady or
cashier. Call or address 24 Hartford St., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth. .
XPERIENCED YOUNG widow desires
JU good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
room 22.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
'» Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 50 per night;
SI 60 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
tree boa to and from the ferry. ■
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE;.
T> C. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIeS^COOKsT
J. . branches :short notice. 14 Geary. Grant 46.
IT U.N'l>.K & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAIN-
JLL ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: teL. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414y 2 O'Farrell; tel. E. 426.
TIT A N TED-TO CARE FOX HORSES AND
»» garden by a first-class middle-aged man; first-
class driver: can milk and make himself generally
useful; best of references. J. 8., box 46, this office.
COMPETENT VINEYARDIST, WINEMAK-
V^ er, distiller, etc., wishes position. R. T. H.,
633 California st., San Francisco.
"V" OUNG MAN WANTS WORK ; HANDY AT
-I- house-painting, whitewashing, glazing, paper-
hanging or work of any kind: will work reasonably
by the day. Q. L., box 135, Call Office.
yOUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION TO
X drive delivery wagon or express; used to
horses; good driver. Address or call 307 Fourth.
BY MIDDLE-AGED AMERICAN, AS MAN
about place; look after horses, cows, garden
and make himself useful about house; best o*
references; small wages and steady place preferred.
Please address S., box 18, this office.
ELIABLE YOUNG MAN, AGE 27, WANTS
-IV a situation as watchman; best of references.
Address H., box 26, this office.
CIOACHMAN.OK MAN ABOUT PLACE, OR
\J do any kind of work ; thoroughly understands
care of horses. C.H.; box 162, Cull.
L'IKST-CLASS CANDY MAN WANTS SITUA-
X tion: had long experience in '. Europe, and has
first-class references: Is used to wholesale and re-
tail manufacturing of candies. ' Call or address J.
FRENCH, 1037^ Market st. /
YOUNG BOY WISHES POSITION AS ER-
x rand boy or to work In store. Address P. S
box 40, this office.
SITUATION WANTED BY SECOND COOK-
» Dest references: wages no object. Address W.
A., box 24, this office. >
_ PTTrATION^JtVAWTED-Contlnned.
WANTED- WORK BY YOUNG MAN (GRR-
wnri^ul mafce beds, wait on taMe or kitchen
TTTv : *$ <° r count O'. Please address H. VIE-
LI I 631 Sacramento st., room 86.
nOMPETENT BOOKKEEPER WITH A FEW
oVhns"np ■ pa !S 1 tIll » e will keep books for any kind
of business; either day or evening; terms moder-
ate. Address Bookkeeper, box 29, Call Office.
T H " R / ?V <; * HLY . RELIABLE GERMAN
or aTd'rlJs^L^uS. 88 Watchman Please caU
S 1 1nh VD , Y^-» MAN ~r WISHES A
Add?« w «\ any i !ilKi of work, light or heavy.
Address W. R., box ?9, thla office.
YOUNG GERMAN CARPENTER, CABINET-
t^ri m i- vith tool wants situation: is willing
▼■SrS?g SL^ ork n Please call or address 120
> alley st.. bet. 28th and 29th.
E^. P h ERIE , ' CKD WIS£ CELLARMAN
tn^ * lBhe , s . Wolk J city or country: best of refer-
ence. Address H. J.. box 48. this office.
FJEMALK HELP WANTED.
W A NTED^E^Ml[N^OOir»3o7l RTsHaEC-
" a d girl, $20; cook, private family, Stockton,
S?n 30e lady here; 3 cooks. German style, $25 and
iN.u; J waitresses and parlor maids. 825 and $30;
ana a large number of girls for cooking and house-
ri. oi« n city an<l country. J. F. CROSETT <fe
CO., 312 Sutter st.
SCANDINAVIAN PRIVATE FAMILY COOK,
$30; 3 downstairs girls: cook. German style,
.T>^.S; 2 chambermaids and waitresses, 816; wait-
ress, small boarding-house, $16: a number of
housework girls, $12 to $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
GIRL WANTED— TO ASSIST IN LIGHT
r housework. 1602 O'Farrell st.
r~. WAITRESSES, FIRST CLASS HOTEL
Southern California, $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
FANCY IRONER. HOTEL LAUNDRY: $25
and board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
0 WAITRESSES FOR EUREKA, $20; 2 WAIT-
ff resses small country hotels, near city, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary s\
VyANTED-GERMANCOOK. $30; 2 NURSE-
girls, 815 and $12; French girl, housework,
*-'••); 3 French maids, $25 and $20: girls for house-
work, $25, $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton st.
9 C P,°K?i GERMAN OR SWEDISH, $25 AND
— ' $30; 2nursegirls, $15 and $20; waitress, $25;
?i n r l i, or U hl and general housework. MRS.
til KB, 721 Ellis s*.
-HERMAN COOK, $35; SECOND GIRL, $25;
cTo nurse, $20; housework girls, Oakdale, $25;
Stanislaus County, $30, and other towns: 10 house-
w grk g iris city, «15. $20 and $25. MISS CUL-
LhN, 105 Stockton st.
WANTED— CHAMBERMAID AND SEAM-
DVrSJS r |irlvat( ' famil^ *^ Apply MISS
MtT3 NKjBTT, 424 Suiter st.
GERMAN COOK, $25, FOR HANFORD; GIRL,
<i^rv r^V.t^iv Klrls to-day. $25, $20, $15.
MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton st.
Ty ANTED— GIRL TO ASSIST WITH nOUSE-
bet wprkand2childreu. Call at 2307 Scott St.,
Det. lv ana. lii.
DESPECTABLE GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
work; no washing; good home. 1412 Bu-
chanan st.
rj. IRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK- GER-
and Kg 2322 ™*° m ' y'"«*«,,th
n irl'to cook AND do GENERAL house"
VX work; none but competent need apply; 10 to
3. 314 Lombard st.
"VI IDDLE-AGED WOMAN. DO LIGHT HOUSE-
-L»X work and mind baby. Apply 6 Kissling »'.,
bet. Eleventh and Twelfth, Folsom and Howard.
n IKL ABOUT 16 YEARS TO TAKE CARE OF
VJT children. ISQBa Leaven worth st.
THIRST-CLASS COAT FINISHER; call
J early. 441 Natoma st.
GERMAN OR SWEDISH GIRL FOR GEN-
eral housework and plain cooking. 1620 Geary.
MEAT GIRL WANTED FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
-Ll work. Call at 936 Filbert st.
WANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE
work and care tor child. 2818 Pine st.
ANTED— YOUNG < 1 11 1, TO ASSIST WITH
'' light housework. 823 Hayes st.
W A NTED — YOU GIRL FOIt LIGHT
' ' housework. Apply 401 Fillmore st.
GIKL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. 1726
VJT O'Farrell st.
"yOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
-L work. Apply at 1818 Geary st.
NEAT, QUICK OPERATORS ON PIECE-
-t-i work: none other need apply. 118 McAllister.
n IRL WANTED TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
U work. Apply 160 Steuart st.
"ANTED— YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
liOusework. 1443 Harrison st.
GIRL TO WORK IN KITCHEN. 614% POST
streiit.
rpAILORESS OR TAILOR WANTED ON CBS-
-l torn coats. 210 Prospect place.
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
'» sleep home: wages $15. 108 Ninth st.
IRLTO ASSIST WITH GENERAL HOUSE-
X work and children: no washing. 1215 Waller.
ANTED — APPRENTICES DESIRING TO
become professional nurses and speaking or
understanding both French and English. For
further particulars apply at New French Hospital,
Point Lobos and Fifth ayes.
IDDLE AGED PROTESTANT WOMAN FOR
general housework and care of baby. Address
W., box 16, this office.
T A DIES, WITH OR WITHOUT EXPE-
±J rience. who would like to canvass, will find it
to their interest to call at 167 Crocker building;
also others who seek to occupy positions as sales-
ladies.
W~ ANTED — PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
school : class orprivate: young ladies fitted for
the trade; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth st.
ISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
l»i linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
: thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus to and from the ferry.
W" ANTED — DRESSMAKERS TO LEARN
» ? how to cut regular tailor system; only reliable
system; no models, charts or squares used. COHN.
Ladles' Tailor, 316 Sutter st., city.
SALE GOES ON ; SEE THE 50 LADIES' JACK-
ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
TTAIRDRESSING, 25c AND 30c: MORNING
xJ.and ev'g classes ;10 lessons,sl S)D. 1248 Mission.
U WHENCE PATTERN HDUSE-DRESS-
ntt'.ng school. 1231 Market st.'.Det. Sth and 9th.
BESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOR
system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
TT Market— Electric lights In very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: f"»e bus to and from the ferry.
RESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the McDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
ternscut to order 26c up; pupils wanted.
WANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
' » term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
MALE HELP WA.MED. '
W ANTED^"cA^rNl:T^fAlcEß'sTs2^o^Eß
/' day; Italian-Swiss butter-maker, $30 and
found; nurseryman; 3 more carpenter* for Central
America, $6 day (silver) : machine blacksmith for
Central America; Swiss farmer and pruner $15
and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT <& Co!. 6"8
Sacramento st. '
2~~COLORED EXTRA WAITERS FOR ißl^
quet. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
jnHIEFCdoK,SBO; SHAM p6oERTS4OT^cTr:
\J HANSEN A Co., 110 Geary st.
N££ BARTENDER.S4O; OYSTER OPENER"
-l-> $35 and found. C. R. HANSEN & CO lid
Geary st. _^
YV anteh - cook itor OYSTER-HOUSE,
»' $14 a week: young man to open oysters and
help waiting, $30; good dishwasher, $20, etc. L.
ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. '..*■-■.' j
WANTED— COOK AND WIFE FOR RANCH' I
TT see boss in town ; also formers, milkers, cooks
waiters and dishwashers, at W. D. EWER CO '5
626 Clay st.
WAN TED-PARTNER IN PAINTING AND
1 » paper-hanging business; , good trade. Apply
463 Sixth St., Oakland. ' *
'ANTED— GOOD HUSTLERS TO CANVASS
city and country. Call or address 632 Market
St., room 10; P. O. box 2299.
BOY TO WORK EVENINGS. 2102% HOW-
ard st. '"
TNDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH $40 CASH CAN
X secure steady, profitable employment by ad-
dressing J. P., box 119, Call Office. "
T> ARBE R-SHOP; 8160; SISKIYOU CO.. CAL.-
i> good chance for steady barber; shaving 25c'
Particulars see STOLTZ, «30 Market st.
•ft 9 'SO Rare c"hanc"fTfor an ELDERLY
®ZtJ\J. ma : a good peddling route Twith gen-
eral merchandise, etc.; established 9 years. Ad-
dress H., box 39, this office. j-curs. aq
MAN TO JOIN ME; PAYING BUSINESS; $25
required. Address M. T., box 109. all Office.
I / W >, STUDENT WHO 18 GOOITstENOG-
XJ rapher can get a very desirable situation'wlth
eggr ay* M A ™<*. roomer?;
cggerb S u rid? Dg . lDdU3trlal AeeDc^ room R
B AR |? E l R "i IHOP; BVTTE CO.; $250; OLD ES-
j^LJggg r^ 3 Well: Bhavlng 16c - Call 0°
W£ N 1 £ i P~ YODNG MAN ACCUSTOMED TO
A^.^^ r |^% P 6 8 rc t a AffieriCan Preferr6d "
E L a|f oRhVne0 R hVneS N etf?la H n
Fln'rl I',1 ', SSS ° f Char * c'e ' for small »"vicef Cafl
Horlst, Fillmore and Halght sts.
WORKING PAR'fNER WITH $50; GOOD
J^paylngjuslness^JS:., box 18, this oHice
PARTNER WANTED TO GO PROSPECTING-
f«" with experience; must have some money'
Address^Uning. box 63, this office. m »ney.
R A .^HOPS-SEVERAL OF THEM IN
-L» which lair wanes can be made; prices rancinir
StSt^? 1 ?' 100 - For fuil P"tkula?s cal "o
STOLT/'S barber supply honse, §30 market st.
VyANTED-MEN WHO DO SOT RECEIVE
J^L their wages to place accounts with us; law and
HELP WANTED— Contlnned.
mAILORS— ADVERTISER FIRS'?!
1 class buhl ness has an opening for young man
to learn cutting, ilitinc and the general rontln ■ of
merchant tailoring; small premium required;
good references given and required. Apply a.
GEE, Merchant Tailor, Placerville.
LIVE MEN FOR GOOD PAYING POSITION
to right parties. Apply Monday and Tuesday at
9 a. M., Pacific Mutual building, 3d floor, indus-
trial department, cor. Sacramento and Montgom-
ery sts.
ITaRBER-SHOP AND 5 BATHS; COUNTRY;
X) half-interest $350': this is one of the best in the
State. Full particulars at BTOLTZ'B Barber Sup-
ply House, 630 Market st.
OUCITOR A BUSINESS WITH BIG
profit 3. Address 8. V,'.. box 6, Call Office.
"PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS-
-L clears $76 a month. 33') 1 Fourth st.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 7b.) Mi.-.-n.».\, !;i. i.
•1> Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per ween $1 up: open all night.
"DEBT MEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
-D courses, 10c, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
"WANTED— SOO MEN TO BAT 3 BIG HOT
» » cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Dm mm st.
TjEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS. COFFEE, BIS-
-D cult, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay. ■
T EARN A TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
-L' men students wanted; only 8 weeks required;
tools given; write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 1515 Howard St.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
-IJ secretary, P. C. Hamann, 238*6 O'Farrell St.
THE RAILROAD noes;:. 633 COMMER<
X st., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night,
25c for two; be3t and cleanest house in town.
T>A RBER-SHOP; CITY; SPLENDID CHANCE;
•■» Western Addition runs 3 chairs steady; satis-
factory reasons for selling. BTOL 1 /., 630 Market.
"ROSED AXE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
■*-*' furnished rooms, 20c; SI per week.
"VJEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-1-' rooms from $1 to 84 week: large reading-room.
ipOR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 100 MEAL
■i. try isy a Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
■REST PLACE I N CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
JJshoes, 726 V 3 , opp. Howard-st. Theater, or 129
bixth St.; misfit shoes bought and exchanged.
MEN TO SELL MANHATTAN EGU FOOD-
is the best. C. KEP.TELL, San Matro. '
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM:
- 1 -' 25c up ; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard st.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE. 529TS7vcRAMEN'fo
• • St.: 200 rooms; best in the city: single room*
20 and 25c a night, SI a week: meals lie. rooms
WINCH HOUSE, 44 TH mi) ST NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night- 'reading-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. ' °
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT"!- ALL SEC^
retard Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant aw. s. FUCHS.
1 iI A MEN TO TAKE LODGING a 1 m,- 15c
I \'\f and 20c a night, including coffee au>l rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE sharp
steam beer. sc: bottle wine. sc. 609 Clay st.
\t EN'S 1/2-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c: DONE
IVL while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
T INDELI. HOUSE, sTxTH AND HOWARD—
JLJ single furnished rooms: 75c week, 16c night.
|>ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION PLOY-
J3 inent secretary. CONRAD (ELL. 657 Clay.
WANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
» » to know that Ed Jtolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
IriREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOi; sc;
also a bottl eof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
PREE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 BAN SOME;
-T single rooms 15c, 20c a night, $1 a week.
Af\(\ MEN'S SECOND-HAN DEI): SHOES.SOMB
■±\J\J nearly new. 25c to if] 25. 502 Mission st.
BEST IN CIT /—SINGLE ROOMS, 15. 20 ANn
25 cents per nlg:>:-, 81. 81 25, 81 50 p<»r wean.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff
Ay ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
* * week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers- 36 Clay st.
fJIRY ACME HOUSE, 957 MAiIKET ST., BE-
■l low Sixth, for room: 25c a ni^ht; SI a wee!c.
JUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
ing shoes: call and see; half-sole. in 13 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
nnteed. 562 .Mission b:.. bet, first and Second.
AGENT WANTED.
(T1 ALIFORNiA^MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
\J wants good acents to work Its accident and
sick Insurance: liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building.
KOOAIS WANTED.
WANTED— 2 SINGLE, CO^V^FURNISHfTd
»» rooms: central; must be cheap. N. X., box
95, Call Office. ■■ ' '
WANTED— BY FEBRUARY 1. 2 OR 3 HOUSE-
» » keeping rooms, unfurnished, within boundaries
of Thirty-ninth Assembly District. Address li..
box 102, this office.
"ANTED-2 OR 3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS
north of Market; no children: state price. X.,
box 6S, all. . • - -i
BOARDING WASTED.
/GENTLEMAN WANTS EOARD~^ND~LoT)7?-
vT ing within 5 minutes' walk of Twenty-fourth
and Castro sts.: not over $4 50 per week. B. L.
box 165, Call Office. '
PItOPEUTY WASTED.
WANTED— A LOT^IIEXI^FOR^^ASHT^I.i^
»» cation near Randall, Palmer or Chen. ats.
Apply or address Plumbing-shop, 4 Golden Gate
avenue. _^
WaKTJEP— MISCKI/LANEOPB.
wa'sted^useTif upright pianoTfor
Tt storage. Address W. P.. box 161, Call Oflice.
W" ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
»» repairing: best work/at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third Hoor.
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
O elrv to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: Bend postal.
CLAIKVOY ANTSs.
AA-
. PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
1728 Market st.
Health, Wealth
and Happiness
For all who consult him; remember Professor
Eugene is permanently located in San Francisco-
don't fail to call: letters with stamps answered :
read Sunday's advertisement. 1728 Market st.
MME. MORBAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
_ past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
BEST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIFa
and gents 25c. 206 Fourth st.
ADAM PORTER, CARD-READER; TELLS
the past, present and future; ladies 50c, gents
$1; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $150. l-_'tf
J Turk st., near Jones.
V j ME. i)K THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
i.»X er by eggs and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs- noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sura
help: restores lost love by uympathy. mistake im-
possible: fee 81 ; letter $2. 929 Post st., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
XI. magic charms. love tokens: true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune tellins;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms-
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
ISS MELVINA; CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE*
-i-»A picture of future husband or wife. 766 1 1 How-
ard st.
ROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST. CLAlR-
voyant: has no equal: gives valuable advice;
convinces If others fail. 633 Post, 9 to 8: also Bond.o nd.
MME. A VENA SITS DAILY; SURE IPS
on races; names given; 25c up. 828 Howard.
MME. STEWART THE CHILD MEDIUM;
-Li great clairvojant and card-rentier; seventh,
daughter or the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms in san Francisco; ladies and gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
QTA.RLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM"
>J the cradle to the grave. Parlor 5. 865 V 3 Market.
SPIRITUALISE!..
"TJR. WOOD, CELEBRATJID INDEPENDENT
U slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis
■\f rs. j. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
■»J. trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton sc.
AfrTKOLOGY. •
T>AST AND FUTURE REVEALED; WRIT-
F^ssn P R°vv ie xf : o-51, 5 ate of birth and 10c. P K( i.
I-SSSOR W.MOXRue, astrologer. 1129 Howard.
_^^ LOST.
LOST -P L " CONTAINING
ring, 2 coins; reward. 5 Willow aye.
L O ™ JAN * AttY 10. SCOTCH TERRIER
iJ^uppy; Jefferson square. 1120V2 Turk st. ; re-
KINDLE- WHITE GREYHOUND BITCH
Return to a 420 Mlasion st. reward.
L°n AL »m COMi 'OKT-AND PLEASURE BY
QEO^Gn^ANT.l'oHurrs^ l ° ° rttig by
AJO.XEY. BY NOT HAVING MY HOUSE
■"A papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
hanging Company. 635 McAllister st. at " e^ a P er -
IOC.M). ~~~~ ~
F? 8 39 UT' a PANIBI ' CAM.
„ STOKAOU "
OT-?»^ LA ? D o FK EiGlrr~^RAr?s^Eir v car
rT 1 a^ ?. nd BlMOme sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 largo fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
S A " J OFFUKNITITIIE - PIANOS, HOUSeT
Isold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Marl at
r £LSON , BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
" Storage; low rates: telephone South 762.
BICJiCLES. ™
TyiNDSOR BICYCI^irSTRTcTLY " HIGIt
*T grade; no stamping: all lathe work; cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A ll B\ \
CROFT «fc CO., 324 Post St.. s.i\
pARK CYCLERY-NEW wheels to let- 1
Xbest accommodations. Ternainuji Uairy M»
Alllster and PoweU st. car Unej. *•***. Ji»sTNK<i <» rTTAVCKs.
<^9»)X tTER, RESTAURANT;
— — •-'• cash counter: owner thorough business
man; partner preferred 10 hired help. ST£JS-
BERG CO., 632 Market st.
<->-(\ GROCERY iiSD-BAR IF SOLDIM-
' •>'"'. mediately; fine location; account de-
)>arture: dun'i miss this. BTENBEKG & CO.,
632 Market st.
-'( l.i KESTAURANT, BLOCK FROM CITY
♦_ Kt\J\J. Hail; receipts average SL'O: owner 4
years; leaviug the city. STKNBEUa & CO., 632
M arket St., opp. Palace.
<; *>7X PA RTNER wanted— one OF the
' ■'—•>. handsomest liited-up bars on East st.;
compelled to sacrifice; remaining partner responsl-
ble_business man. BTERNBERO CO., 632 Market.
Q tit \ a™r3Stauhant WORTH 61 mar-
»4pt?"\J. ket; latest improvements; recelpca ay:
prage .foO; week's trial allowed; look at this before
baying elsewhere. BTERNBERG CO.. 632 Market.
Q9"A SALOON, KEARNY ST.7 NICELY
V — «'Vf. fined np: this place is very inviting
and suitable -.or 2 persons; expenses light: bargain.
BTgKBERO COr., oxj Market st.
BAKERY. COFFEB PARLOR; VERY BEST
location ; finest fittod-up place In city: has very
lar;r>' counter and outside trwle: posiiive guarantee
froui owner as to ninoi!!it of business; trial until
satisfied : owner luts '.i places: must sell one at sac-
rifice. STKNBEP.G ACO . t)S2 Market st.
T"» IN E~SAI,OON~ DOING GOOIHTusiNESS IN
X connerliou wltir lo<ii;!"?-ho'Jse of 10 elegantly
furnUbed rooms; splendid location: must ho sold;
owner goin^' East. RKIDY & CO., 13y g Sixth St.
O^JTA saloonTlTest business loca-
Ijdiiyj. tiou; Lan;'.snineiy fitted up; 2 furnished
living-rooms: rent *30: well stocked; is worth
$600: owner leaving tor Europe. KENNY' & Mo-
I.KaN 777 Market at., room 7.
©QKm<3fiOC£JRYJ AND BAR: FINK COR
)»..''•'. uer: established 25 years; sure busi-
ness; pooil liorse o.nA wagon: a creat_ bargain:
owner gcinc: to Kurope. Apply KENNY &Mo
LEAN, 777 Market st., room 7.
Fn O BUY; BE LL OK I-:X<7I?ANGE A BUS [NESS
1 of any kind see STRAND A: CO.. 45 Third st.
. .- - GROCERY, ONE OFj V- ST COR-
♦~st: I ■ '. nera In Western Addition: full value in
stock and fixtures; seller is landlord and will as-
fist bnyer in every way; a big bargain. STRAND
A CO./45 Third st.
0 Qtn \VAN TED TO-DAY, PARTNER IX
•_ •'« '' -'• commission business: will clear $75 per
uionth to each. Bee STRAND ft CO., 45 Third st.
D»9F ll KSTAU RANT; FINE LOCATION:
0 1 — <->U. good trade: great bargain if sold to-
day; investigation allowea. STRAND it CO., 45
Third su
VTOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-■•> promptly for cash, HEALY' >$: CO., 23 Kearny.
Partner, manufacturing business; clears $100
each a month; $500.
A 1 corner liquor-stort>: make offer.
Partner, first-class corner liquor saloon: $500.
Corner grocery-store: living-rooms: 5375.
Bakery, 18 barrels week: living-rooms: $900.
Restaurant and coffep saloon: Market st.
Before purchasing apply
HEALY <fc CO., 23 Kearny st.
PQ> ' i .ft FIRST-CLASS HUME BAKERY
i+pOVJVJ. with all counter trade of $16 to $I*o a
day: No. 1 location; living-rooms furnished; trial
given. BAKUKTT & SKIFF, «t>5V2 Mcrket st.
<■*>- .; , OYSTEB AND CHOpTIOUSE; CEN-
<)«.'V'. tzat; low rent: clears $100 per month;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, fc6sVa
Market si.
<I 9X CANDY STORE; FU I'..\;S!!KI) K.MS.:
• I— •>. cheap. BARRE'IT <6 CO., 8051/2 >lkt.
< ~\\U \ PAYING CORNER GROCERY AND
'- •'v.'v.'. bar; livir.e-rooms; rent $25: mustfiell;
offer wanted. BARRETT. 8051 2 Market St.
HALF-INTEREST IN A FIRBT-CLABS BA-
loou; doing good business: sTl^ndid location;
sickness cause of sale, REIDY' & CO., lUi-i Sixth.
\yiii;x you ARE DISGUSTED WITH OTH-
»' ers and want to buy or sell your business give
us a trial. REIDY & CO., 131,2' sixth St.
FINK CIGAR-STORE ON KKARNY, NEAR
1 Market st, JOHNSTON, 2613 Kearny st.
QI7X PA in ER IN \~PAYING CASH
I <•>. business in this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 26 , a
Kearny st.
C; inn GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
V I 1 "'• fice. JOHNS 26V2 Kearny st.
QOATi RARE CHANCE, PRODUCE AND
•JOUV. dairy business; old established; good
trade: pro!i:s $125 a month; c.i:i be improved.
JOHNSTON; 28% Kearny st.
•51900 LIGHT BUSINESS: SAME HANDS
<P —'"'. 3 years: clearing $20 week: suitable
for an and wife or two ladies. STANLEY', 9
Geary, room 2.
SJ ;mii PARTNER WANTED; IN POOR
-'"'. business: run *>- present owner 14
years; suited to plain steady" man satisfied with
575 to $100 a month; Mai given. STANLEY, 9
tieary, room 2.
< 1 -Taa bakery
■ l-wVU. — AND COFFEE SALOON
Large oven
Offer wanted. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
■<7"n BUTCHER BUSINESS, " SELLING
<T> 1 O\J. 1 beeves, 25 sheep, 6 hoes, 600 pounds
veal a week; rent $14: 4 living-rooms. Inquire at
452 Xehama st., be:. Fifth and Sixth.
rpjlK WKLL-KNO\VN ALT A SALOON WITH
|y- -l ease oiTercd fors-.tcnt h sarriflce: d s:iirreenient
of partners cause; tiue chance for right parii-. 641
Caliiorma St.
C alTan dTeed busTness in Oakland.
\J clearing from $5 to ?Si>er day. J. H. EDbu.N,
20 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
PARTY' WITH $150 TO $250, TO ENGAGE
X in business of large profits. Call at 218 Eddy
St., down stairs.
IT OR SALE-MY HALF-INTEREST IN -ES-
X taurant; cheap; other business cause. Apply
29 Si.Tth st.
if. ON ACCOUNT OF SICKNESS—
Bakery cheap for cash. 1817 Powell st.
CAPITAL WANTED FOR A BUSINESS CKR-
' tainty of long duration; profitable. V., box 89.
THIRST-CLASS SALOON FOR SALK; LOCA-
X tion; trade: lease. Add. C. H., box 119, Call.
CIGAR-STORE FOR SALE. CALL 915 MAR-
y; ket su
BILLIARD AND POOL TABLE; A BARGAIN.
Fifteenth aye. and San Bruno road. H.
SCHUUR.
QI9XA GROCERY AND SALOON; NEW
•. I — O\J, stock; horse and wagon: fine busi-
ness; low rent; fine location: best reasons for sell-
ing. Inqnire room 43, 120 Sutter st.
•i "A PARTNER WANTED, OR WILL
«fl t>\J\l. sell; steady man: ledging-house, 55 beds,
clearing $125 per month. 140 Minna st.
IDDLE-AGED LADY WANTS A PARTNER
In saloon: $100. Inquire at Call Office.
PLACER COUNTY FRUIT RANCH TO
X lease. Apply at 1217 Clay st.
HARDWARE-STORE — STOCK AND FlX-
tures: bargain; at half price— cash; last
chance. 646 Mission st,
BARGAIN — RETIRING FROM BUSINESS;
family hotel; 30 years: 50 rooms; bar; restau-
rant; most centrally located. Apply 607 Pine at.
i:i.L ESTABLISHED CITY NURSERY
'' $500. Address C. N.. box 52, Call Office.
'OR SALE; CHEAP: LADIES' AND CHIL-
-I dren's clothes and underwear. 342 Third.
ARTNER IN A LEGITIMATE MANUFAC-
X turing business of groceries and bar supplies to
solicit trade and increase the capital. Address A.
P., box 64.
C CORNER SALOON FOR SALE; RENT LOW
> Apply 795 Mission st. -
Q99X BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
*s£*£.*}. tlonerjr store; 4 living-rooms; rent $18:
no agents. 341% Fifth st.
Cj'Cr.A CIGaRSTORE AND CLUBROOM,
• ' ''i\Jm established several years; large stock,
fine fixtures and a good, steady trade. C. R., box
84, Call.
T?ORSALE-CIGAR-STAND WITH LAUNDRY
X! office: on account of other business; no agents.
Apply 243 Fourth.
/ 1 OOD PAYING BUTCHER-SHOP; FINE LO.
\JT cation; price reasonable. B. a., box 61, Call.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
ment of about $50,000 In safe commercial
business. Address R. D., box 43, this oflice.
QOAAA ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
OOUUU. paper; pays 8150 per month. Apply
this oflice.
PAPER ROUTE FOR sale, TELEGRAPH
X Mill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
FOR MISUELLAJitOI fs.
JE— VERY CHEAP, FIVE BKCOND-
hand French ranees and 100 cook stoves; ail
sizes. Call at once, SHUSTER BROS., 306 Suiter.
PiAASECOND-UANDCARPETS, ALL SIZES
*J\J yJ and prices from 26c per yard dm. .1.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
I^RESU JERSEY" COWS a"ND HEIFERS.
sulphur Spring Farm, Nile*.
"VTEW '95 HIGH-GRADE, 21 POUND, $105
1.1 bicycle, $40. J. 8., box 58, Call Office.
BOY yOCB BABY CARRIAGES AND rat.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
NIA _It ATT AN COMPANY, 61 First, nr. Mission.
OLDEN GAS ENGINE. APPLY TO
vT Browning «£ Bremer. gun store, 820 Kearny st.
ABY' CARRIAGES AND RaTtAN~FurNl-
turc: call and get our prices; costs nothing.
s mset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrell si., near
Stockton.
DABOO II! ! S.MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
J-> scales, etc; dieapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
"I?rrRE~*XND r KGLAR SAFK. LETTER-
J press, platform scales and lirilf-rhoan 102 Clay
Ml tOR
sale or given away. KAIIN «fc CO., 220 Cal. St.
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
•team boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM and LARGE SIZE
, flre^awt burglar proof safe. 2511, 223 Market st.
X^W ItAKGKS""CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
: — —^■_ w jj& JIAY UStL Co., IS California st.
f\ OUNT E X s, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V> bought and gold l!2l^Markec beu 7thandBth
j:IJ. DIM, AXJO LOAN ASSOCIATION.
/ '"MINOUI. BUILDING AND LOAN AS
ilr, 1 Rtlon -Home office, 222 Sansomo St.; S. F.
J'.n, r L-1V' ngs lt loan business. Ed E. UUl.Pres.; |
UlTKJUdrtdce VJ^iW Cwrbin.Sec.&Oea.ilaa [
' /V/ PERSONALS.
\V ANTED— A LADY aIsSISTANT IN DANO
» » ing classes two evenings a week. .Apply 10 to
12, IRVINE'S, 927 Mission St.
EKMAN, WITH GOOD HOME,' WISHES TO
l_X corresDond with respectable German woman,
over 40, with some means; object, matrimony. G.
M.. box 4 0. Call. ■ .'
FnHEiWOMENTS DISPENSARY, LATE OF
X New York, has located; all the new appliances
ana methods for curing diseases: inflammation,
; ulcpraiion and prolapsus successfully treated: in-
! fallible remedies for irregularities: testimonials in
■ orlice; consultation free. Otlice, 25 Murphy bldg
D" EAFN JESS— TH AUKAPIIONE RESTORES
lost hearing, cures ear defects: Invisible; book
mailed free, F. F. FINLAY', 10 California St., S. i ■'.
TF THE LADY WHO PAID $1 50 YESTERDAY"
X for a switch will go to G. LEDERER'S, 111
Stockton st-., this week she will find the same for
$1; $1 switches, 75c: halrdressing, 25c.
Ql A KOOM: CABPKTS CLEANED ON THE
*£! X floor. -06 Luavenworth si. •
ADVICK FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBAT3
laws a specialty: suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 650 Market, cor. Stockton.
GR EAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
VJ at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NX. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONE MORE CUT— ~
Oak Roll Top Desks ..$l4 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers. From up
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
• stoves and Ranges ..........; S3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOONAN,
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission 5.., above Sixth.
OECOS"D-HAND~A~S~WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvingrs, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large s;ock of
them, too: be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017. 1019
1021, 1023 Mission St., above <ixth. '
I.M PORTED HAVANA. KEY WEST A N I >
X hlgh-crade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar
1627 Devlsadero st.. near Slitter, '
M. H. OBER. HEADQUARTERS of
•i»«- Ypsilantl Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear: Ober Corsets for stout figures.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits: great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco. '
PICTURE' FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
X glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c-
11x14 »ndJ2xl6. 20c; 16x20, 30c: 20x24, 46c'
JONES, 547 Mission st. ,l J ?~-°:
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; . HAIRDYK. PER-
fectly harmless. Langrley-Michaels Co • all
j chemists; Hnbbard's 823, Hauptli's. 1156 Market.
i UOR FINE POULTRY' AND GAME GO TO A.'
J HTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTING PON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday
January 6. For particulars aadress or apply 424
Pine st. "
XfLKCTBIC LIGHTS IN EVERY BOOM—
■ Jj Chester House, 44 Third st., near Market* 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: inn* bus to and from the f erry.
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED TO 327-329
t) Sutter st., between Stockton st. and Grant aye.,
here the best of coal can be had at lowest prices.
T IBEBAL ADVANCES ON diamonds, jew-
Xj elry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
"1 AHA BUSINESS CARDS, $1 60: TELE-
IUUU phone "Black 141." H1LL.724'... Market.
LD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc: cheap. Yanl 1166 Mission st», near Eighth.
/ 'I.UAKs, APES AND BUI 1 RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Fuctorv. CO Sansome st.. upstair*.
LD GOLD, SILVER, OEMTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. roi.MAN. 41 Third st.
UKKSS3IAKKKS.
SUITi^isTsKIRTS 7Tc:SIL"iKAVAISTS, LAT^
est style, $1 50: fit guaranteed. 659 Stevenson.
DRESSES CUT FITTED, $m DRESSESJ
popular prices: waists $3. 11 Geary st.
PIANOS. VIOLINS, .ETC.
}7*OR CASH; WILL SELL 1 LARGE~UPRIGHT
. piano; price St o. Room 21, Fiood building.
LMN'K CHICKERLNG; BEAUTIFUL CASE-
X will be sacrificed at once by party leaving the
cUy; cash or installments. Room 10, Flood bldg.
"P LEGANT STEIN WAY OFFERED BY PATRY'
1^ requiring cash at once; a five instrument.
Room 21, 809 Market st.
OECOND-HANS) DECKER & SON PIANO;
0 great bargain. The Zeno Mauvais Music Com-
pany, 769 Market St.
PIANO GIVEN AWAY: ABSOLUTELY' NO
X charge. Particulars at BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
T^INE TONE FISCHER UPRIGHT; GOOD AS
J new; $150. WM. G. BADGER, r. 1, 26 O'Farrell
O A G R eat bargain! lIOSKWOOD
<jT«->"« piano, $5 installment. 221 leaven worth.
HAINES BROS. PIANO. FATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush <fc Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post St.
pONOVER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
\J great sacrifice. The F. W. SPJ3NCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st. " .
ffi»l 1 A BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
tITIIU. condition. JOSEPH SCHMITZ & CO.,
16 McAllister st.
"VTEW UPRIGHT piano, ORGAN, folding
-Li bed; must be Bold. L., box 8, Call Office.
piANOS^ : ~
X . Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy term*. 735 Market st.
j CtHICKEKING.KNABE, STUCK, VOSE, STER-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrell.
pREAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORN IN G S
VJ Piano House, 218 Post st.
M. G. .BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
»' rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
i.nd organs sold for cash or installments.
A 8 OUR NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
for selling pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage of it-'pleaae call and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY r & CO
corner Kearny and Sntter sts.
(J]7X CASH OR INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
*D X 10. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
DECKER BROS., stein W A Y,FISCHER AND
XJ other first-class makes of pianos; little used-
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOHLER <fc
CHASE. 28 and 30 O'Farrell St.
EASY TEEMS ;;LOW PRICES. KOULER <fc
CHASE.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEB,"
Newby <fe Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS.' OLU & YEW
■H. MULLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham ate.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEBER, $265; .SOMKR,
0 $237; Wily, «125; squares, $35 a-u ess'
HEINE, 410 Post st. *
A RRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
XV grade T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays*
price* and terms moderate. H. LUKDERs "82
Ninth st. ,
OPEN FOR BUSINESS. ~ " "
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in San Francisco. 3. HARRY *COTT,
929 Market st- Spreckels building.
LOUOITVG-ilOlsjeS FOX SALE.
91 O ROOM HOUSE ; GOOD LOCA-i ION"-
-'&4.XVJ. 18 rooms; best corner in city $1,600
14 rooms, on Geary st 850
20 rooms; sunny corner; must sell.!!.!!" ' 700
10-room house: very central - 150
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St.. cor Taylor.
000 TO LOAN ON FURNITURE.
OUU. UUU DECKEK, 1206 Market st uxv *"-
ggQO,. ltgn M DE^KER E i 2 0 Mtr ke, THI
.8150. 10 - RCM)M HOUSE; CLEARING *40.
rg> 1 O\J. JIECKER, 1206 Market st.
Uf) R OOiIS: FINE CORNER; WORTH $5000"
DU $2000 will bny It. See DECKER, 1206 Market!
1 (if) ' ROOM LODGING-HOUSE; CHEAP
, J - rent; price $1500: must be sold; owner
leaves city. DECKER, 1206 Market st.
\ ICKLY FURNISHED 10-ROOMED HOUSE-
J-i location central; steady roomers: good Invest-
ment. For particulars address Owner, box 40, Call.
■VINE-ROOMED HOUSE, BENT $30; MUSI-
•^ sell; noaggnts. 869 Mission st. ■
FL'KMTtKK FOX sale.
u'Trvrnrr>RTvE^FKßiruTß^rT^
*» Previous to moving to 747 Market st. we offer
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction. No reasonable otter refused.
Roxbury Brussels (1aid)..... 760
English Linoleum (laid) " 35c
BHIREK i SIURKK, 1310-12 Stockton st.
II (.. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
-11 .ding; new folding-beds, 49 ami up: step-lad-
ders, pr step; furniture exebged. 779 Mission st.
] J EDUCTIONS ON LARGE QTOCK, NEW AND
Jt second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new: oil-
cloth, 25e; parlor suit*, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice poles. 25c;
; ranges. $6: cash or installments-, goods ahippeJ
free. T. H. NELSON. 126 Fourth st?
FOR BARGAINS IN FURNITURE AND AB-
tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission st. :-.-.- .■ ■ '- . .
fURN ITUKE WANTED
ASHPRicE PA ID^OR i'XmS?T{JRK^irA-
\J COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & 6lh.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
x\. second-hand furniture and carpols • by Lundy
Furniture Co., 813 Market st.; call or send postal.
, CAKPJiX ULKAMSO. ~ ~
pA B I'K'l s < I.KAN F.I) AWD RKNOVAT ED
KJ like new. FERGUSON it CO., 23 Tenth; tel
Sonth 89. D. MACKINTOSH ft CO., successors.
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
O .14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLEANInG.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgt. . Tel. South 250.
J MCQUEEN'S BEATING AND BEN-
. .ovHtlng vvorka. 453 Stevenson; t«l. south 228.
ATJONAL , CARPET BEATING AN D REN<>
xl vating Works HAMPTON ABAILLYt layln*
nnd altering. 313-316 Guerrero: , Tel. Mission 244
\y"HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» » poor work send to HPAULDING'S PioneerCar-
yet Beating Works. 863-7 Tehama; t«L So-40. .
C" ONKLIN'B CARPET BEATING WORKd. 33i
tioldcn Gate aye. ; telephone east ISO.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
JOUSKB TO tET.
Q9Q w A b" VBSST MODERN
■ ifJ.U\J. house; 6 rooms, alcove, bath, serv-
i ant's room, laundry; planked basement. 1505
l JaeKscra st.; key at corner house.
QM HOUSE; 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT. 629
tjpxrt. Locust aye.. nr. Lacuna and McAllister.
TIPPER PART; HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; YARD;
KJ rent reasonable. 235 Fell st. ;
Ot r,( \~L< EDUCE ROM $75 : 18ItOOMSAND
<spO\J. store: vicinity, Third st. A. M. SPECK
6 CO., 602 Market st. -
TT OUSE 6 ROOMS— BATH. 225 POLK ST.
919 PERRY ST.-HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND
£,X£i basement: rent $12 50: water free. Apply
G. H. X'MBSEN it CO., 14 Montgomery st.
<jjj On R E D U CK D F ROM~S4O: NICE MODERN
iJOu. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 Grant aye.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia 6U; rent $16. Apply 2888
Mission. ' . • ■
AVED— DOLLARS. DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a house from BALDWIN & HAM
MOND 10 Monteomery st. ■ . -
FUKNISHEI) HOUSES. '
"nicely furnished
house ; very reasonable to small family. Ap-
ply WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post street.
I BURNISHED FLAT; 6 ROOMS. BATH; $30.
11l Liberty St. .
CO IT ACES TO LET. ~ ~
AIC KICK V-R^OM^OTTAGErNE^AR^TV^
i?lt). oli. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
HATS 1O LET.
, T^OB^SALE^LOVE^Y^UBNIiH^D^oiSTi^
X roomed flat for young couple. 514 a Turk st.
SUNNY UPPKR FLAT: 6 ROOM*, BATH AND
basement. 396 Waller St., cor. Fillmore.
fljOO SUNNY UPPER FLAT: 7 ROOMS:
•ji—i-. bath; basement. 908 Lou st., near Golden
Gate aye.
6S NY ROOMS AND BATH, $20: ALSO
cottage. 6 rooms, $15. Key at 1706 Hyde st.
, ]\JE~VV" BAY-WINDOW FLAT; 5 LIGHT
i-i rooms; $18; bath, gas, tubs. 911 Folsom, near
Fifth.
"5* 1 9 FLAT; 4 ROOMS; HALL AND YARD.
<u)X£i. 444 Clementina St., near Sixjb. ■
9£] A SUTTER — NICE MODERN SUNNY
*-y lTt flat; yard, front and rear: $16.
<St TT COR, OAK AND LAG L" N A STS.— FLAT
<*Tj-L_i« 4 nice sunny rooms.
MODERN NEW SUNNY' FLAT ; LOW RENT; 7
-"I rooms: bath and garden; top of hill. 928 Fell.
SUNN"t"~FLAT 3 ROOMS: GARDEN; ALSO
oue 4 rooms, bath : $13 and $16. 1706 Post st.
<» 1 7 LOWEK FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
<J J- I . 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkln.
9 UPPER SUNNY BAY-WINDOW, 5 AND 7
j** rooms, newly papered. 318 Shotwell, 130
Church ; cheap.
SAVE CAR FARE— BEST FLATS in THE
C 5 city; 5 nnd 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood; keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sis. Apply 320'Sansome St., room 4.
Tj"»OUR ROOMS AND BATH. 304 LILY AYE.;
X! rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
CJj 1 9 3 ROOM 1 *: BATH. 109 THIRTEENTH
51P X^ii. b:., near Valencia.
VERY JIM- FLAT; 7 ROOMS: LARGE
_ yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
9] AX FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
—itta flat; 5 rooms, bath.; $17 50. UMBSEN <fc
CO.. 14 Montgomery st. .
<5? 9 A ONLY FOR 7 FINE ROOMS; BATH;
1 <55-« V/ ail modern Improvements: basement and
yard; 721 Fourteenth ft., near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN «fc HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery.
Q*~\Q 7-ROOM FLATS; CLOSETS, STOVES.
«Ip.lO. water, dumb waiter: all modern; at. 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any $30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
TIPPER FLAT; 27SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
vJ handsomely papered; bath; basement: quiet
home for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
V LEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., EL-
XJ low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
D- DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKKLS
0 by renting, a flat from BALDWIN & HAM-
MOXD 10 Montgomery »t- ■
UOISJBKEEMNG BOOMS.
Bush Street.
7091 BUSH-1 OR 2 SUNNY ROOMS AND
1 \J^% kitchen for housekeeping.
797 BUSH-SUNNY ROOMS EN SUITE AND
* —1 * single: light housekeeping.
9"! 1 U BUSH-NEW LYKURN ISHED SUNNY
~XX\J front connecting rooms for housekeeping;
and single rooms.
Do re Street.
"1 4 DORE — 4 LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
X i ±O stable: rent $10.
■mly Street. - 1 . -;
1 9AA EDDY-NEWLY FURNISHED HOUSE-
X^\J keeping roomg. . .
lolsom Street.
70?: FOLSOM-SUN FURNISHED FRONT
1 Ut) room; light housekeeping; $8 per month.
Ueary Street.
m 7 GEARY — PA LOR. BEDROOM,
• diniog-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds: all necessaries; $24.
, Harriet Street.
9 HARRIET— S SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
>J for housekeeping; reasonable. ■■ •
Howard Street.
7JQ HOWARD-2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
I^O liinhed rooms for housekeeping: private.
n^DA HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH —2
— O large rooms furnished for housekeeping;
1 Victor range, c.'osets, bath, etc.; In American
I family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
11 49 HOWARD— 2 FURNISHED HOUSE
- 1 - XrzAi keeping rooms; water, range, bath; rent
$ 10. .__ .
Hyde Street.
OAQ HYDE SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
(_'\Jt7 rooms, en suite or single; terms moderate.
Leavenworth street.
O'l A LEA VEN WORTH-SUNNY BASEMENT
Oiv suitable for office or housekeeping.
Minna Street.
Of*G MINNA ST.— NEATLY FURNISHED
OUU housekeeping rooms.
Mimnon street.- <
CQQ MISSION — NEWLY FURNISHED
COO housekeeping rooms; 1, 2 or 8 at $6, 8 or
$12 per month. - . -
Q9XI MISSION - COMPLETELY. FUKN-
• /«_•)■.> ished sunny housekeeping rooms; exclu-
sive ; bath and porch. .
10 1 1 MISSION — 4 CONNECTING ROOMS
! -'1 I completely furnished; gas: private; rea-
sonable.
atoms Street.
tcr NATOMA— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
• )t^t) housekeeping; 510 month. ,
79A NATO>IA~~ST.— TWO LAFOE SUNNY'
I £\J housekeeping rooms; use kitchen; (112.
O'Farrell .Street.
/fQI O'FARRELL— 2 OR 3 NICELY FUR-
J«JX nlshed rooms: complete tor housekeeping.
Rauscli Street.
OQ RAUSCH, OFF HOWARD, BET. SEVENTH
OO and Eighth— Large front sunny room and
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping; $12.
Tehama Street.
007 TEHAMA - 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
001 rooms, suitable for housekeeping; also sin-
gle rooms. '
Third Street.
IC9I THIRD— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
luO)} rooms for housekeeping: also single.
ciq thirdTcorne r~so uth'park^fur!
>) 1 »' nished housekeeping rooms; range; run-
ning water. ■■-,-
Turk Street.
1 9£ TURK-UPPER FLAT; 3 SUNNY ROOMS
X£d\j for housekeeping.
i wenty-Seeond Street.
m»1 C 6 UNFURNISHED ROOMS, GAS AND
tg)XU. bath; water free. 626 22d st., cor. Capp.
Van Mesg Avenne.
onnVAN NESS AYE.-NICELY FUR-
O^\J nished sunny front rooms; for housekeeping.
109 I Va3TnESS AYE., NEAR GEARY— 2
X\J£*l- adjoining rooms: new house low rent. : •
140fi> TA Tv IS ? :S ? " AYE -TWO ELEGANT
X~X\J\J furnished suites; very reasonable,
Washington Street.
1 330 WASHINGTON. NEAR JONES-MA-
-IOOU rine view; 3 newly furnished hons-keep-
Ing rooms, detached : gas range, etc. : desirable.
lIOOSIS TO LEX.
Bush Street. .
"I AT O BUSH-NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
X\J X6i alcove room ; also single raw; use of bath
. California Street.
OKOI CALIFORNIA ST. — 8 ELEGANTLY
furnished rooms and bath; cheap. r .
Eddy Street.
1 1 Q EDDY-SUNNY ROOMS; NEW FURNI-
XX*.? ture; clean beds; $5 up; also light house-
keeping. ■ - .
Eighth street.
IA I EIGHTH ST., NEAR MARKET-NICE
x\Jz sunny, furnished, double front room.'.
OHERMAS" APARTMENT HOUteE, 28 BTH
O at., near Market; furnished and unfurnished. ,
BOOMS TO LET- Continued.
Geary Street. 1
C] Q GEARY-NICE, SUNNY ROOMS, SUIT-
OXO able for doctor's offices; single and en enite;
furnished, unfurnished; housekeeping; also stove!
0171 GEARY — THREE NEATLY FUR-
Ol I 2 nished rooms; terms reasonable.
Green Street.
£1 Q GREEN ST. - NICELY FURNISHED
vlO rooms; single or double: private family.
Grove Street."
■\'f» GROVE - SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
X\J with use of kitchen; $10. '
Jackson Street.
101 ft JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
i-vlO niahed sunny front single room; $5.
Jones Street.
907 JONES -THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
_iw I. management: elegant snnny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to '$30.
.- -, -. :* A earn— Street. - "
A RLINGTON HOUSE. 127 KE ARN AS-
— — ant sunny rooms, en sulte-and single; first class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
—arkin Street.
OT O LARKIN-HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
010 suite of parlors; private family; running
water: gas. : . "
•IAVQ LARKIN, COR. SUTTER _ NEWLY
X < ' X tJ furnished suites: single; housekeeping.
l.euvenworlh Street.
Ql A LEAVEN WORTH. NR. SU TTER-SUN
OlUny alcove suites ; very desirable for gentle-
men ; $20. : '
■ • , Market street.
777 MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
111 suites and single: housekpg; also offices.
"\roSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET~
-»- Sixth and fee venth— Single • and suites; per
night. 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to 85: families
1 >\l 1£ MARKET — NICE I, V FURNISHED
X*J\jkD sunny room; terms reasonable,
§ Slason Street.
A I 7 MASON— (CHANGED. HANDS) SUNNY
— T.I front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
McAllister Street. ~~
"DEDROOM AND KITCHEN; UNFUR-
X) nished. 340 McAllister St., downstairs.
A 1 9 MCALLISTER, FLAT 1-BACK PARLOR
— TiJ and single rooms suitable for gentlemen.
Minna Street. "
OOIJ MINNA, COR. EIGHTH-NEWLY FUR-
UUI nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week-
transient.
'li--ii.ii street.
3 SUNNY, FURNISHED ROOMS FROM $1
up; also housekeeping room; reasonable. 621
Mission st,
QO9 BASEMENT FLOOR OF '3
O«J_i nice rooms, with range; large yard; sls per
month.
Q9^l MISSION-HANDSOMELY
| -'*<w8 ed sunny bay-window front room; first
floor; erato; gas.
EUROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION-NICELY
■i-i furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
pRAND SOUTHERN — SB. COR. 7TH AND
* J Mission. reopened; thoroughly renovated ;sunny
front rooms; elesrantly furnished ;Riii?le or en suite-
stationary wash-stands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
O'Karrell Street.
mO'FARRKLL - NICELY FURNISHED
room fora gentleman; all conveniences-
central; $8. . '
Pine Street.
£91 PINE-PLEASANT FRONT ROOM, $8-
U^JT suitable for 2 gentlemen. , '
Polk Street. ~~
-] 7 POLK — FRONT BAY-WINDOW BOOMS
X I or single; $& up; also housekeeping. -
Post Street.
XflO POST-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED PAR-
*J\J*J lore; also single rooms: reasonable.
£-1 = POST-NICE ALCOVE ROOM FOR 1 OR
\JXO 2 gentlemen: moderate rent.
702 P T .i , JONKS-NICELY . FUR-
I \JZi nished hall bedroom.
Q1 OB POST-NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
k) Xk> bay window room: bath: gentlemen.
1 QAA POST — a nicely Furnished
X »JW_ suites: also single for housekeeping.
Sixth Street.
1 09, SIXTH— NICELY FURNISHED SUN
J. U(J ny rooms. en mite or single; $1 25 up.
1 . Sutter Street.
FI9H SUTTER — NICELY FURNISHED
y*'" front suite: also other rooms; suitable for
2. or A gentlemen or gent and wife; gas and bath -
central. . . *
SUTTKR-LARGE, SUNNY. FRONT
\J*J\J suite for offices; hot and cold water.
Taylor Street.
"I JO TAYLOR-LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
4- « o rooms; single or en suite; newly furnished;
with hot water bath.
4 1 a Taylor — nickly FURNISHED
— IT: front room; gentlemen only.
Third Street.
TyiNCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIP.I*. NEAR
'" Market; most convenient and respectable- 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 60 to $t> per week;
electric llghuin every room: reading ni : tree bus.
Turk Street.
OA9I TURK-SUNNY FRONT ROOMS; ELE-
_v./_-> gantly furnished: alnde a/id 01 suite: rea-
sonable.
Valencia Street
VALENCIA-1 NICELY FURNISHED
OUx sunny room.
BUAKUISU ANI> IiOU.US.
PACITIC AVKMSBAFBTJCHANAif-i^BOie
X front bay-window room 10 r nt. with board for
wo. $50; young couple preferred. Address X. E. B
box 78, Call Office. '
TATj^VAN NESS AYE. - FURNISHED
X^\JU front suite, with board; alfo single room.
KOI ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
VOX with board; French family; terms moder-
ate; references.
QOO OEARY-KTICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
c/OUsultfcs; table board; suitable for families.
TF.YOU WANT A PLEASANT HOME CALL
xat an Ness aye.. cor. Bush si. ; the Winder-
mere; references required.
QOC* EDDY-HOTEL NORMANDIE; SUNNY
<J4j\j sitig.e rooms; tab!e board; teims reasonable.
OT_L UKKTUSii. 714 nl'sH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences.
CUIiUiiKN BOAKDKD. ,
WANTED- 1 OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD-
** large yard: nice nelghborliood; 1 block from
school. Address C. 8., box 40, Call Office. *
ANTED— OB MORE CHILDREN TO
board : good home. 1507 Twenty-fourth st.
YOU CAN FIND REFINED HOME IN AMER-
— lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San 7ose aye. ■■■.' ■ ■
OFJTICES TO LET. ~~
TO LET— NICELY FURNISHED OFFICES-
rent cheap. ■ Apply room 7, Flood building.
I 'WEE RENT. (Va MONTH) GIVEN GOOD
tenants; cottages, fiats, #5 up. SPECK & CO.
602 Market st • ;. • ;
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW BPRECKELS
building, 926 Market: rents low; no extra
coarge for gas, janitor services or heating. Apply
at bnllding or O. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montg. at.
DENTISTS. ~~~~
D^IC^OEORGE™wrTEEKT" THE^oTeN^JII?E
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 8 to 20 O'Farrell st.
pAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
x bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years'
experience. R. L. WALsH, D.D.H., 815»i Geary.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE
__ DR. H. G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ■ ■ ■->
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. r, ;
DR. L. T. CB AN EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
; crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J keb bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frm $5: fillings frm $1 : extracting 60c. with gas $1.
fl»~7~A~8ET IOR TEETH; WARRANTED A3
r\P I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS.
dentist, 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. ;
DB. LUDLUM HIL_,: 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: o!cl plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per net: extracting 60c; gas given. |
C"\OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 80tt MART
J ketsU_Dß. CHARLES W. DECKER. :
DR. J. J. LEEK,' 1206 MARKET, (MR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
EL WORK REASONABLE AND: WAS-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY. 1122 Market st. ■
; AXXOBSEIS-AT-tA W. ; ~-
A" bviCE JFREE ;^Wb^TcET'AND~PROB ATS
laws a specialty; a—ts, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable ; collections, etc.
G.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market ,cor.StOcktoa
J. MURKY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
.'law: advice free.. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
WITOAVIDSON, ATTORN Y- AT-L AW.430
. California at., rma. 14-16: advice frao.
. :';'.' SKWING , MAOULNEs, ;' . ;. /;. ""
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
xi. rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st. |
REAL : ESTATE.
A T
AUCTION.
PROBATE SALE.
Subject to the approval of the Superior
Court, the property known as
NOS. 617 TO 631% STEVENSON ST.,
' will be sold at public auction, in our
office, at 12 o'clock, noon, on the 23d of
. January, 1896. ■>•-
■ --. LOT 15 6x75.
Good improvements;' all rented, and
bringing In an income of $292 per
_/ month. Call for a diagram.
BALDWIN _
HAMMOND.
.10 Montgomery at.
FOR SALE. ~~
THOMAS MAGEE _ SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE LOTS, $400 TO $1250.
Park aye.. facing Buena Vista Park: 25x122:6.
$1200 each: 26:6x135, $1250 each: fine view;
Park aye. macadamized; lots level.
TILDE N-3T. LOTS.
25x125, $400 each: near 15th and Castro sta.
NE. cor. 16th and Flint sts., just above Castro-
-50x58:6. $900, fine view; or 68:6x90, $1550; or
corner 58:6x165. . •
Tilden st. : 38 feet front; just above Castro, bet.
15th and 16th; $800.
CJ9QP: 15% OFF FOR CASH: SPLENDID
<jp._i7c>. lot: 27x100 :BemIs St., nr. Castro; block
from cars: 30 minutes from ferry. J. R. ROCHE'
Sail Rafael. N
<5«1 WEKKLY—GOOD BERKELEY LOTS.
<£>- $100— Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap. . .
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 23x100: $.1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
$250— Creek corner, 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHA9. A. BAILEY, 46 Market St., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
©9AAIF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
<3>4.\J\J worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; cash or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell St., room 3.
TTOUSES _CILTSISO TO $275 A ROOM, CALL
XX and examine p lam. 1149 Mission st.
ACRIFICE— 7SxIOO, WITH GOOD HOUSE
of 9 rooms; beautiful view; with use of stable
and water works and large adjoining grounds;
price $1500, part cash; or would exchange.
GEORGE D. SHADBURNE. 415 Montgoi cry st.
pROPERT ANTED~FOR~C A SH|- RES?
X dence bet. Pierce, Devisadero, Pine and Clay
sis. ; price $8000 to $10,000. Address P. O. box
<CQ9fjn A FINE MODERN COTTAGE OF~S
%}*J^\J\J. large sunny rooms and both for sale
on easy terms, or will take vacant lots as part pay-
ment, or exchange for small place across the bay.
Address W. H. FOWLER, 318 Pine st.
rpo BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE RIiAL ES-
X tate and business of every description. A. J.
PROPEK & CO., mil estate, e26 Mrkt, downstairs.
LAKE VIEW LOTS: NEAR NEW RACK-
_„ track; low prices: easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 646 Market at.
HOSEV TO LOAJ\.
T7«IRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES; INTErT-
r-.. 8 , 819 in estates; lowest rates: no delay. MUR-
PHY, 628 Market st. .-..■■
"UORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
-— • out removal, diamonds, watches, Jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low Interest: perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, 16 Grant avenue
MON E Y TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OR COL-
■»- laterals. JAMES K. DAMON. 303 Montgy;sU
MONEY LOANED, 6% PER CENT ON MORT-
gages. . A. F. JOHN a A CO., 632 Market st.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
Xj mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and • Oakland or Alameda any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
LOANS-FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
-—Columbia Loan <fc Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room* 2-3.
ORTGAGES. P HOB ATE LOANS, W A It-
__ rants. SALOMON _ CO., 328 Montgn:ry.r.2l4.
MONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
1106Market8t..nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted.
Private office room 68, Donohoe building, 1170
Market si.
PAWSBEOK JSRS.
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
-c*. loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
. FIJiANUJAf.. '
T OANS ON 13T S^A3irr2rTM6RTGXG_?rAND
XJ life insurance pollclM: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery at. '
NT SUM OK MONEY ADVANCED ON
tout furniture, pianos or real estate: lowest
rate; call and state your proposition or write; open
evenings. J. NOONAN. 1021 Mission su
MKIMCAjL.
Mme. OIERS r ~MAGTc I WONDER, THE
!»A only true method In the world (or restoring Ir-
regularities in 8 hours; $5; perfectly harmless.
Call or address WOMEN'S DISPENSARY, 1170
Market, 66 and 67; physician's consultation free.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU
merits or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day;
if you want to be treated safe and sur-- call on men's
physician ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT RB
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause') by the most experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
method, superior to others; ladles will save time
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been Imposed upon are spe-
cially invited; home In confinement: treatment
warranted; advice free: l\nk P»ils, *:<. DR. and
MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister St., near Jones.
MRS. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
the womb a specla'ty. 230 Clara st , nr. Fifth.
ALL JEMALE " IRREGULARITIES RE"
-£x stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief at
aiiy time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
T AIUES — CHICHESTER'S. ENGLISH PEN-
■— nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best-
safe, reliable; take no other: send 4c. stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladies," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chichester Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa.
DKS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and rvstores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day, guaranteeing 11 cure or no
charge; separate home for patient*; best skill;
medical attendance: low lees; regulator, $2.
1370 Market.
LADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
$1 per box. WIDBEIVS drugstore, 14 Ellis «.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sta.. sole agents.
DR. HAI 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. ate Turk st.
HUME, A FRIEND AND MOTHERS CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416Elghth St.. Alameda.
MRS. DR. WEGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
_— ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sare; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
IF IRREGULAR 61t ANY FEMALE DISEASE
X see Mrs. Dr. Puets and be content. 264 V% 4th.
——————— _ _„
hobsles^
1 C\(\ H£;AD of well-broken^vorlTanld
JL v/U driving horses: just from the .» country;
draught horses weighing from 1600 pounds up;
fast trotters; pacers. G. LINDAUER, 882 Howard.
17<OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— A FINE ROAD-
. ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
604J5Utterst..:-. .t -■--■■■. .-.- : r
"I Cfk SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
xO\J ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. \ 1128 Mission st. .'
ORBES PASTURED; $2 A MONTH; GOOD
care and ' feed ; send for circular. The Hj"ie
ranch, 630 Commercial st. ■ •■-„,
DR. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SCR-
teon for .S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGON*
— v buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every WVnui-
day. SOLLIVAN _ DOYLE, Auctioneers. .
TOfT BETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALu
X \J\J kinds; ■ second-hand wagons, buggy, carts:
also 20 cheap horses. -* Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
WAGONS ASJ>: t'AKIIIAGES.
QECOND-HAND DELIVERY OR"p_b"DLING
O wagon, 1 horse, 2 buggies; cheap. 1110 Bryant.
____________
PHYSICIANS.
rXbeluclls^p^y^mdn^su^g^o^r^yal
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
DEMOV_D— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
Xl> Market st.: diseases of women a specialty. - ■
to EXCHANGE.
For saleor Exchange— five^'lots^in
J- Mission, for rooming-house : or business; | also
I house and lot in Oakland, v Apply 111 Liberty at. '
COIiKTKY REAL ESTATE,.
If)n ACRES OR LESS; FINE ORCHARD
lv " land at Haywards; at your own price - Ar>-
I'ly 306 Fourth st.
"POR SALE OR EXCHANGE.
r *15 per acre; one of the b -st stock, grain and
fruit farms in Napa County: 600 acres: 8 acres
orchard and vineyard: '200 acres in grain last year:
I balance pasture; numerous sprinss on the place;
I house 7 rooms, barns and outbuildings. For fur-
| ther particulars see P. H. JORDAN & CO., 18
Post St., S. F.
I <&97^n a FINE paying HOME RANCH
<tf)^J I a\J. of 24 acres: near Santa Rosa; 3000
Drune trees: family orchard; modern 6-room
! house: rood outbuildings: sacrificed. LEE <fc
KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
tMAA 10 ACRES 25 MILES FROM SAN
tIVU\J\J\J. Francisco, near Walnut Creek; 4
| serfs in choice fruit 5-room modern house and
good outbuildings; fine surroundings; a Rood in-
come property • easy terms. LEE <£ KISER, 306
Montgomery st.
C\RANG E BLOSSOM COLONY, ~
' OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young orange proves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
| and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
j of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
t-toctton and Merced. The Stanislaus and San
, Joaquln Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
I through the colony and the property has a Der-
petual water right.. ■ . . ."" *
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
! either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
i ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
I direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
| who has received diplomas and medals at eight
I different county fairs in the State and for a small
j consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
I residents.
! A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
i drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords excellent sport for hunters.
. Prices for land. Including a perpetual water
ana planted to orange trees, $175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fnlly paid up water rights, $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable In
six annual payments, without interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
For further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dre&j
ASTON, ELDRIDGE <fe CO.,
638 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
OrF. T. KNEWING, our representative,
■ Oakdale, Cal.
Vf ARIN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES~26~MILE3
111. from San Francisco
Rant- ho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no Irrigation; both rail and water
transport $40 to $75 acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. __^^
TO 8 ACRE CHICKEN RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TVVINH. Sonoma City, Cat.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTKR <fe WHITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KEAL ESTATE. f
GOOD INVESTMENT— LOT 100x133:6; MAG-
nolla St.; macadamized and sewered; $12 50
per toot if taken immediately. MARSHALL, 1118
Broadway.
ANTED — SMALL RANCHES TO EX-
" change for Oakland property; specialty hand-
ling country property: good lodging-houses to ex-
change. P. W. ANDERSON, 28 ban Pablo aye.
ETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
his grocery business lor a 25-acre ranch, near
Hay wards or 'San Leandio For full particulars
address box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
O COTTAGES OF 6 ROOMS; ALL MODERN ;
*i large lots; situated on Fruit vale five.; price
i $6000; exchange lor ranch: will assume mort-
i gage; also other propeitv for exchange. Address
P. KELLY, Real Estate Exchange. 459 Ninth St..
Oakland.
<ftzinnn FOR exchange-4 ROOM CO -
»^)ri:\J\J\J. tage and basement: lot 75x120; in
south West Berkeley: . value «2500 clear, and
$1500 cash for good central Oakland property. W
L ROBINSON, 459 Ninth st., Oakland. -
OOD HOME 160 ACRES; HOUSE, OR-
chard, vineyard, flee fruit land: excellent
water; or $6 per acre; small payments: easy in-
stallments. Address WARNER & CO., 465 Ninth
St., Oakland. .
TT»OR SALE— MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOMS IN
-L the most beautiful part of Oakland: lot 50x
100: improvements everything desirable for good
home. 0. W. GROSS, 1334 Kirkham st.
©inn LOTS AT FRUIT VALE STATION;
<IPXUU. come to-day. LODGE <fe POWELL.
LARGK LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND LdUN-
try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BUNCE, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
On MONTHLY FOR A-ROOM COTTAGES'
->JU plans free. F. BUEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
«M t\(\ LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
<SPJL«JV/. Frnitvale; elec trio cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast; good improvements
H. B. PINNEY. owner. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAHKDA KBAC I STATE.
Cj/tOn A H^oU^E^F~B^O^snsoDEßN^
tIPIOV/l/. near narrow-gauge station: street im-
proved northwest coiner; former price $6000.
$1000; lot 60x200; street Improved; former
price 31500.
T. F. BAIRD. Real Estate ana Insurance, 1303
I Park st., Alameda.
Oil (\(\ DOWN — ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM
ttPX \J\f modern cottage In center of city, close to
I school and station ; lot 35x150: price $2250. For
Immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park st., Alumeda.
SANTA CLARA COUNTY,
HEAL ESTATE.
CANT A CLARA VALLEY LAND 3.
19,000 acres in subdivisions for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
£2 East Santa Clara st., Ban Jose. CaL
EUUOATIO.NAA..
H E L KA^i^iT^lSxißTaASli^OhhEiiE:
-I individual instruction; four months' course.
Ayrea' Stenographic Institute, 325 Montgomery st.
1? M L I MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
J-i limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, rending, operatic and drawing-room sing-
I Ing. 2300 Webster St., cor. of Washington.
S"'PANISH AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
-0 tllian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week,
$3 month: also pointing academy, Mowers specialty.
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish,
French, English. 1170 Market St.. room *7. \:
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
■I Ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
VOCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM
t proves and beautifies even spoiled voices, and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
CPANIBH,ERENCH t ETC. PROF.DkFILIPPK'3
O Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
Vf BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
-"* St.— Board. English. French, piano, dancing,
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
i scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion at low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergarten coach.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AN D MYTHOLOGY •
JU class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Bush st.
BE LA SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DLIR NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
SI I • X NTs R I ; PARE D FOR TEES UN I
O ally, law and medical colleges; day and evening
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. •
B OWENS ACADEMY. UNIVERSITY AYE.,
Berkeley. Cal. T. S. J3OWENS, M. A., Principal.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
V taught. Prof. L.MERKI. 225 Geary reasonable
SPANISH, FRENCH. GERMAN; MODERATE.
Aleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business .practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
]\T IUHTSCHOOiV.tiE.* "S.
-M Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low rare*
"VTIOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RfcA-
> sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045% Valencia.
CAHEMISTRY an_d ASSAYING. cunning-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary B:id Powell sis. "■-;-.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
Market: send for cat. : day and evening session.
A 'sinews' for 5 CENTS — TJXB
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
LKGAL ; SOTICJCS. ,
rr iHE^CBI.icTIsriIER EBY~NOr IFIED THAT
1 the partnership agreement between the mem-
bers of the firm of M. JOOST & BROTHER pro-
vides that Martin .loos* shall have the sole, com-
plete * and : exclusive charge and control of ' the
management of the business of said firm, and that
no contract, agreement or obligation will be valid
or binding against said firm unless the same shall
have been exclusively executed or contracted by
Bald Martin Joost on behalf of said firm.
M. JOOST A BROTHER.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
■ [Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed lv at
either of the publication offices . and be Indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.]
BORN.
FRANK— in Oakland, January ■ 15, 1896, to the
i wife of Solomon Frank, a daughter. ■-■
KRAGEN— January 14, 1896, to the wife of Louis
Kragen, a daughter.
LUSSIER— In Oakland, January 13.1896 to the
wife of N. H. Lussier, a daughter.
PKTTERSON— In this city. January 17. 1896,
to vie wife of C. E. Petterson of Point Reyes,
Cal., a daughter.
WELCH— In tnis city, January 13. 1806, to the
wife of Edward Welch, a BOH.
MAHIIIKD.
PARMRF.NK— In this city. De-
cember 31, 1895, by the Rev. Father Alunulnm.
George Parmrenk and Nellie O'Donne'J, both of
, .San Francisco.
UIEII.
Barton, Daniel S. Johnston. Margaret
Boisv»t. Francoise Jordan. Edwin A.
Brady, Miss Alice Kline, Adolph 31.
Brittain, William McDermott, Lou
Carey, John J. ' McNamara, William F.
Connors. Mary McPeak. James
Cook, Elizabeth Montgomery, Miss E.
Donahue, James P. Nolan. James P.
Duffy, Gertrude M. Pellegrini. Frederico
Ebbitts. Nicholas Seal, Joan M.
Floyd, Thomas ■ Spllvato, Teresa
Higgins, Winifred Toler, Celeste
Jephson, Mary White. Michael J.
Johnson, Augusta N. Wuth, Gustave
BARTON— In this city, January 18. 1896, Daniel
S. Barton, a native of England, aged 43 years.
JK3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. it., under the auspices
- of Court Acme No. 51, F. of A., and the Pacific
Coast Marine Firemen's Union, from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mission street, near Third. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
F. of A.— To the officers and members of Court
Acme No. 51, F. of A.: You are hereby notified
to assemble at Union Undertaking Parlors, 733
Mission street, at 1:30 o'clock p. it., THIS day
(Monday), to attend the funeral of our late
brother, Daniel S. Bar: on. By order
HENRY DONAHUE, C. R.
T. K. Bradlhy, Rec. Sec.
BOISSET— In this city, January 19. 1896. Fran-
cois , beloved wife of Joseph Eolsset, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Brochler, sister of Mrs. Coutou
and Millie Brochler, and sister-in-law of Jean
Coutou and Mr. Bertin, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 19 years 5 months and 4 days.
*U-*'rlontU and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral WEDNES-
DAY, January 22, at 2 o'clock p.m.. from her late
residence. 1212 Powell street, thence to the
French Church, Bush street, between Grant
avenue and Stockton street.
BRADY— In Los G&tos, Cal., January 17, 1896,
Miss Alice Brady. '
BRITTAIN— In this city, January 17. 1896, Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Elizabeth Brit tain, a
native of Maine, aged 52 years and 7 months. - *
CAREY— In this city, January 19, 1896. John J.,
beloved son of Mary and the late William Carey, 3
and brother of William and Thomas Carey, a na- ;
tive of . St. Louis, Mo., aged 23 years 7 month* ■
and 12 years. . T
CONNORS— this city, January 17,1896, Mary
Connors, beloved mother of J. W. and J. H. Con-
nors, a native of Maccroom, County Cork, Ireland. .
aged 61 years.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-''
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY .
(Monday) at 8:30 o'clocK a. m., from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor <& Co., 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Joseph's Church, Tenth street, '
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated*
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9 '
o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- '
tery. , .-'
COOK— this city, January 19, 1896, at her resi-
dence, 836b Howard street, Elizabeth, beloved
wife of Jerome H. Cook, and mother of Emma
and Georgia Cook. Mrs. L. J. KendricK and Mrs. '
Frank Day, a native of County Leitrim, Ireland,
aged 52 years. ..;
DONAHUE— In this city. January 17, 1896.-
James P. Donahue, a native of Maine, aged 2-7 .7
years.
DUFFY— In this city, January 18, 1896. Gertrude .
M., beloved daughter of Kdward and Annie Dun'y, '
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years 4 months *
and 13 days. . . - *■-•;■ _.'£
tST Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THI3 DAY (Monday), at '
2 o'clock p. m., at the residence of her parents, 6
Le Roy place, off Sacramento street, between .
Jones and Leavenworth. Interment Mount Cal*
vary Cemetery. =? ,-.'. . '. .ci 3
EBBITTS— In Selby. Contra Costa County, Catv
January 15, 1896, Nicholas Ebbitts, a native of
Canada, aged 29 years 5 months and 7 days j.«»>J
FLOYD— In this city, January 18, 1896, Thomas,
beloved husband of Jennie N. Floyd, a native of
Manchester. England.
«si"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., from bis laic resi-
dence, 1 022 Treat avenue. Interment private.
Please omit flowers.
HIGGINS— In this city, January 18, 1896. Wini-
fred, beloved wife of the late Nicholas Higgins,
and mother of Mrs. P. Spadier, Mrs. A. Smith,
Kittle, Ada and Ida Higgins, a native of County
Clare. Ireland, aged 62 years.
63" Friends and acquaintances am resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW -
(Tuesday), at H :30 o'clock a. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 281 Fell street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, Tenth street, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
JEPHBON-In this city, January 19, 183 6, Mary,
beloved wife of J. O. .Tephson.
fl£3~Frlends are invited to attend the funeral
TO-MORROW (Tuesday), at 12:30 o'clock P. M..
from Golden Gate Hall, 629 Suiter street, under
the auspices of Golden Gate Chapter No. 1, O. E.
U. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery, via elec-
tric train.
JOHNSON— In this city. January 19, 1896, Au-
gusta Nnthalia, beloved wife of William K. John-
son, a native of Sweden, aged 39 years. . ?
HlT" Friends and acquaintances are respect- 1
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-.MORROW.'
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. m., from her late '
residence. 1117 Twentieth street, between .Dia-
mond and Eureka, thence to the First Swedish
M. K. Church, Howard street, between Eighth'
and Ninth, where services will.be held, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
JOHNSTON— in this city, January 19. 1896, Mar-
garer, beloved wife of Edward Johnston, and
mother of Frank, Daniel, Robert, Mary A. and
William Johnston, a native of Boston, Mass.
jS-S~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. M., from her lata
residence, 9 Mission court, off Mission street,
near Fifteenth. thence to Mission Dolores Churoh,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery,
JORDAN— In Albion, Idaho. January 3, 1896,
Kdwln A. Jordan, a native Of Maine, aged 5 7
years.
KLINE— In this city, January 19. 1896, at his
residence, 2820y a Bush street, Adolph M., be-
loved husband or Janet Kline, and father of
Mrs. H. Boise, Rollnda and Edna Kline.
McDERMOTT— this city, January 18, 1896,
Lou McDermott, a native of San Francisco.
MrNAMARA— In this city, January 19, 1898.
William F.. beloved son of William and Eliza-
beth McNamara, and grandson of Mr. and Mrs.
John Finn and Mr. and Mrs. P. McNamara,
aged 9 mouths and 6 days.
JB3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock P. x.. from the resi-
dence of the parents, 812Vs Hampshire street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McPEAK— In Oakland, January 17, 1896, James,
beloved husband of the late Catherine McPeak,
brother of Michael McPeak, and brother-in-law
of Hugh Mullboiland, a native of County Derry,
Ireland., aged 72 years.
jtJTfc'nends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x., from his late
residence, 691 Twenty-eighth street, thence to
St. Francis •de Sales Church, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of / his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m.
Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
MONTGOMERY— In this city, January 18, 1896,
Miss Ellen Montgomery, a native of Boston,
* Mass.. aged 67 years 5 months and 16 days. .
JS3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 10:45 o'clock a. x., from 2295 Mis-
sion street. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
NOLAN— In Sacramento, January 18, 1896. James
P., beloved son of Patrick and tne late Hanora
Nolan, and brother of Michael, John. Thomas,
George and Edward Nolan and Mrs. Charles R.
Gracier. a native of San Francisco, aged 22 years
8 months and 4 days.
Friends and acouaintances are resoect-
; fullr Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. x.. from his late
residence, 1306 Church street, thence to St. Paul's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. x. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
• PELLEGRINI— In this city. January 19, 1896,
Frederico, beloved husband of Louisa Pellegrini,
and father of Frank H. and Lando W. Pellegrini,
Mrs. I.ullici, Richard Pellegrini. Mrs. Equidi and
Llllle Pellegrini, a native of Italy, aged 62 years.
BEAL— In this city, January 17, 1896, John Mat-
tot Seal, a native of San Francisco, ajed 9 months
and 5 days. J& Bsa ffßfi!*'Brfl*ftlff l
SPLIVALO-In this city. January 17, 1836,
Teresa SdIIv&Io, a native of Leghorn, Italy, aged
83 year*.
TOLER— In this city, January 19, 1 896, Celeste,
beloved and only child of Jasper N. and Hattie
B. Toler, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 4
months and -28 days.
WHITE-In Oakland, January 6. 1896, Michiel
J. White, a native of California, aged 31 years.
WITH— In this city, January 19, 1893, Gustave,
beloved husband of Gertrude nth, and father
of Charles, Minnie, Gustave and llclene Wutb.
a native of Altenbruch,' Hnuover, Germany, aged
64 years 11 months and 19 days. —
ISTnends and acaualntances are re» t ,T";t-
fnlly invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW-'
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock r. m.. from his la>- rest
dence. 1523 Howard strew, between Eleventh
end Twelfth. Interment I. '>. O. F. Cemetery.: —
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals i
. at Reasonable- Rates. . .
Telephone 3167. 27 and 20" Fifth street.
...
| McAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNKRAL DIBECTORS & EMBALMKRS, _
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
s Telephone 3080. ' "
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY, i
TN SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECT ARIAW;
X laid out on the lawn plan; perpetual care; bean-
Ufal, permanent and easy of access; sea It be tars
taybig a burial place elsewhere.
City i>fllv«, 0 City U»ll Av«n»«,
1112
RAY PALMER'S DISCOURSE
The Preacher Deals With the
Subject of the Pope's Tem
poral Power.
TRUE PATRIOTISM DEFINED.
Parents Urged to Send Their Children
to the Public Schools for
Education.
Shortly after 2 o'clock yesterday those
desirous of listening: to Rev. Dr. Ray
Palmer's addiess at the good citizenship
meetiug began to arrive at Metropolitan
Hall, and long before the opening exer
cises standing room was at a premium in
both the auditorium and the gallery.
Many ladies were in the audience.
The speaker's stand was completely ob
scured by decorations of American flags;
other than this theie was a complete ab
sence of embellishment.
Professor E. Werner's organ voluntary
was followed by Chairman H. W. Quitzow's
brief opening address, in the course of
which the chairman said : "The Roman
hierarchy claim that they are not in poli
tics, but every day we have some new evi
dence of their nefarious deeds. You shall
judge them by their deeds."
The rendition of "America" by the audi
ence was followed by prayer by Rev. Dr.
< . A. Kabing, who asked a blessing on the
public schools and on the teachers therein
and '"for the dear brother who is to speak
xo as. May he fear neither man nor the
devil."
Then the Temple Choral Society and the
audience joined in the singing of the
"Star-spangled Banner."
\V. \V. Allen made a short address, in
the course of which he said:
I know that all present will be more than
pleased to j^in with me today in our exulta
tion over the message which we have from
those whom we supposed were our opponents.
Thii week has been most successful, for we
have tin." proof of it in the assertions of our
supposed opponents, that they are as true and
aevoteii to American principles as we are. We
havf the assurance ol the leading Roman
church in this country that the Catholics are
U truly loyal to our country as we are. If we
can believe that, we can invite them into our
meetings. If they are not truly loyal, we want
this work of education to go on.
It a man is loyal to this American Govern
ment he must be loyal to every part and par
ticular of it. If our opponents are as truly
loyal as we are they cannot cast any slur upon
that cradle of true liberty— the public schools.
I would like to submit a question to our op
ponents. They claim to be as loyal as the
members of the A. P. A. Suppose the Pope
■ a decree conflicting with some of the
laws of this country. Which will you obey—
the decree of the Pope or the law of our coun
try? [A shout from some one in the audience
of "Now you've got them," was greeted with
long applause] If you will say the laws of the
country, take my hand. I welcome you.
"Hail Columbia" was sung by the Choral
Society and the audience, and then Rev.
Dr. Ray Palmer, the speaker of the after
noon, appeared. He announced that he
had changed the subject of his lecture, and
instead of speaking on "Practical Lines
and Solid Facts" he spoke of "Political
Rome's Judgment Day at the Bar of Hu
man Liberty 1 ' as follows:
To-day Liberty sits upon her throne and be
fore her gather men ot all nations and all
religions. Behold the Papacy, also to be tried
rot its misdeeds and intrierues. Thou art
weighed in the balance and found wanting
Romanism may boast of its loyalty, but it will
do her no good. She has her "past behind her.
The speaker then quoted from various
writer? -Gladstone, Manning and others—
to illustrate his point that the Pope has
always claimed and still claims supreme
temporal power. He then continued:
With these statements befote us snail we be
lievi- that political Kome is the harmless thing
the is claimed to be?
The political conscience of Catholics is not
leit to the individual, but God and canonical
laws of the church of Rome. Every Catholic
is controlled by the church of Rome*. Are* we
to be deceived by them any longer? If we are
•we would be more to blame than they for their
tyranny and oppression.
He then gave a graphic and detailed
description of various events in his
tory which he designated as horrible
massacres committed for the benefit of the
Koman church and with its approval, and
he quotea authorities to show that accord
ing to Catholic doctrine "the sects are
simply foolish fragments of Luther's rp
bellion and only fit for burning " He
added :
They claim, in fact, that whenever they be
come the state religion all must be subject to
Rome. W hat they want is the union of
and religion.
The Pope has shown great antagonism to
the fraternal orders. Why are these orders
unfit for gooa Catholics "to belong to? We
should not be surprised to wake up some
morning and find that the Pope had issued
lus anathema against the li. A. R. He might
just as consistently do no as to issue it against
the fraternal organizations, for many, if not
most, of the G. A. R. are members' of these
bodies.
rather Yorke has been asked to defend the
cause of Rome in this City, but he has made a
most bungling job of the whole business.
Rome to-day would give the world if she
could blot out her history for a little. But all
the holy water in existence, the waters of the
Mississippi and the tides of the ocean, will not
Cleanse her record of turpitude and tyranny
I want to discuss this question devoid of pas
sion and hatred. I want to recognize all the
good of the Catholic religion. Our fight is not
seainst the Roman faith as a church per se
for the vast ciod it has done I want to say
"(.od bless it!" I believe tiiat raanv of their
priests are good men. I know that some are
for they have left it to become good Americans
There are hundreds of the younger priests who
are growing tired of the intolerance of the
Roman church and who are growing more in
harmony with the true principles of American
liberty. More and more will we lind the
younger priests breaking their shackles. We
•welcome them. We are not lighting men, but
their abominable system.
Keep your children in the public schools of
the country until they graduate. So long as
they are educated therein, so long will Amer
ican liberty be safe and the country be pro
tec ted against the inundation of the corrupt
Maters oi the Roman church. p
I have no doubt many of you have suffered
pecuniary loss for the stand you have taken
but you must at this s tage show a strong spirit
of self-denial. We' must run some risk in every
thing that is done, and we had better risk the
los> ot ■ometbing than the loss of ail— and that
ell true American liberty.
Dr. Palmer then related the story of the
lad who determined to kiss his playmate
despite the warning he had read against the
danger of disease from kissing. He added •
•'"iou must kies the Goddess of Liberty'
disease or no disease." In conclusion he
said :
♦v, We ha J e the power t0 force Kome to terms on
these shores and can destroy her defenses by
weapons more powerful than bullets- we can
penetrate them most effectually with ballots
»« want t° Put the right kind of men in office
DR. J. L. YORK'S VIEWS.
He Declares That Religious Discus
sions Never Settle Any
Question.
Dr. J. L. York, the well-known free
thinker and liberalist, delivered an inter
Highest of all in Leavening Power.— -Latest U. S. Gov't Report
DsjtfeJ Baking
A vsessssss ■TWWtyi'Ca
ABSOLUTELY PURE
esting address last evening in Scottish
Hall. The attendance was large. Dr.
York's subject was "Religious Instinct in
Man." He took the ground that there
is a wide difference between religious in
stinct and moral instinct. In the course
of his remarks he spoke of the present
religious controversy and said:
This so-called religious instinct in man is
nothing more or less than superstitious belief
about the unseen ana unknown Agencies. This
superstitious tendency in the minds of honest
and sincere people in all the past history of
the church has led to endless disputes and
controversy to prove the foundation of their
faith and belief.
Have they proved up the foundation of their
faith? Have they proved the truth of a single
dogma of the Christian creed?
We have been watching with interest the
discussion going on in The Call from day to
day, and now why is it that believers in re
ligion are not able to settle these questions of
faith once for all and give the world a rest?
And why can't Father Yorke and these Prot
estant Christians prove up and settle any
thing? The fact is religious debate never did
settle anything. They are, no doubt, fairly
honest and sincere, and each Bide has a dose of
the religious instinct.
Both sides believe that the Bible is God's
word and that the Christian religion is the
true religion. The more they debate the more
obscure the truth becomes. The more they
discuss the madder they get, and end with re
flections on each others' characters.
As we have seen in The Call during the past
week, the Catholic interprets The Bible in one
light and the Protestant Christian in another
light; and the Unitarian Christian uses all his
wits to disagree with both Catholic and Pro
testant. And yet they are all Christians and
talk piously about God and his book.
Why can't they agree as to the teaching of
the book? If God inspired the book it should
not be ambiguous, but clear to all, if our sal
vation depends upon it. How can a book capa
ble of such a wide diversity of interpretation
be God's book, and how can we poor sinners
expect to get to heaven when Christians can't
agree about it?
Now, admitting the divinity of the book, to
what purpose is it as a foundation of religious
faith unless the God who inspired the divine
message to mankind also sent, us an inspired
prophet, or an inspired perpetual teacher or
Pope, to interpret this word and will of God?
This may be said in truth of the Catholic
church : Whatever her faults, she is consistent
with herself. She claims to have an inspired
Pope to explain God's will, to prevent dissen
sion and promote cohesion in God's church.
How else, if Christianity be true, can it be pre
served from innovation and heresy t
Protestant Christianity is based upon the
right of every man to 'interpret the book for
himself, and the result is that from 1520—
Luther's reformation— an endless number and
wide variety of creedal faiths— all claiming to
be Christians — are at the front without a uni
formity of belief. Protestant Christianity can
be but little better than a rope of sand,
crumbling to pieces in the light of reason and
common-sense. Of course as liberals aud free
thinkers we do not believe in the divinity of
the book or the church built upon it. We
deny the claims of both mother and daughter
church as untenable in their claims and want
ing in the elements of adaptation and uni
versality which would characterize it as a
divine system of salvation.
As human belief is not subject to the will,
but to evidence, and as the evidences of the
truth of Christianity are insuflicient to con
vince all— its claims to divinity make it a su
perstitious despotism— doing business in the
livery of Heaven.
We repudiate the cultivation of any religious
and superstitious instinct at variance with
reason and find no use for church-craft and
priests who know nothing of God or another
world.
The enfranchisement of mankind has been
one long and painful struggle against ienor
ance, superstition and fear within, and Bible
and priests of the Gods without, who have barred
the progress of mental growth and natural
science in the world. Thus the religious in
stinct in man is revealed in the light of history
as slavery to God and cruelty to man in every
period of human history.
SUFFERING FROM DRY ROT
Rev. Dr. Case on the Needs
of the Pacific Coast
Churches.
The Methodist Preacher Talks About
the Value of Discussing Re
ligious Beliefs.
Rev. Dr. W. W. Case preached as fol
lows at the Howard-street Methodist
Church :
Text: Jude 3— "Earnestly contend for the falih
once delivered to the saints."
Subject — "Contrasts between Romanism and
Protestantism."
I have no desire to encourage bitter contro
versy that would engender bad feelings or stir
up bad blood, but I am in favor of controversy
that leads to the quicKening of thought and
that makes it possible for the common people
to ascertain the truth and to know the reasons
of their belief.
The knowledge of the truth concerning God
and His church is of more importance to the
people of Pan Francisco than knowledge of all
other subjects put together.
If the multitudes in San Francisco will not
go to church to get religious truth, lot them be
reached if possible by the newspapers..
The fact is there are two great systems of re
ligious faith in this country known as the
Catholic and the Protestant If tne Catholic
faith is right the Protestant belief is fatally
wrong. If the Protestant has the truth the
Catholic is in fatal error. It is a matter of the
most vital importance that every means be
used to ascertain which is right. If the Catholic
religion is true then I want to stop preaching
j Protestant error. If the Protestant faith is the
[.truth then Catholic priests should desire to
| stop preaching Catholic error and to set about
preaching the truth.
Tne Protestant churches on this coast are
suffering, I will not say dying, from a kind of
dry rot. Protestantism does not seem to stand
for anything worth contending for. The Bible
tells us to "contend earnestly for the faith once
delivered to the saints," but modern Chris
tians, or at least some of them, protest against
contention for any religious principle what
ever. Everything that looks like boycott or
persecution should be condemned and thrust
aside, but fair nnd honest and candid discus
sion cannot fail to do good. Truth requires it,
the welfare of mankind demands it.
God said in ancient times, "My people are
destroyed for lack of knowledge." 1 think he
authorizes me to say the same thing to-day—
God's people arc being destroyed for lack of
knowledge.
I do not come to-night to make an attack
upon the Roman Catholic church. It is mv
purpose 10 show that there is a vital and radi
cal difference between the two systems of relig
ion, and that one or the other should be aban
doned as untrue and daneerous to the best
interests of society. Both cannot be true. One
of the gentlemen interviewed by a press re
porter a few days ago said : "We should avoid
debating religious questions, and especially
with the Catholics, because we Protestants and
Catholics agree in far more things than we
differ." I take exception to this statement,
I and shall show that we are as widely separated
i as the poles in our belief and principles of re
ligion.
In what I have to say to-night I shall not
argue for Protestantism or against Catholi
cism, except as the statement of the two creeds
shall carry conviction to the minds of those
who hear me.
Dr. Buckley, editor of the New York Chris
tian Advocate, says: "The issue between Ro
man Catholics and all Christians outside of
their communion is radical, is capable of no
accommodation whatever."
The Methodist Church has twenty-five ar
ticles of religion, and at least thirteen of them
are direct protests against what is held to be
Catholic errors.
Catholics and Protestants differ radically.
First— As to the rule of faith.
Protestants say, "The Bible, and the Bible
alone, our rule of faith. "
The Roman Cathlic rule contains 135 large
folio volumes superadded to the Bible and the
apochrvpha. These are composed of apostol
ical fathers thirty-five folios, eight volumes of
Decretals, ten volumes of Bulls of Popes,
thirty-one volumes of canons and decrees of
councils, fifty-one volumes of the acta sanc
torum (acts of the saints), amounting in all
to 131 volumes folio. Certainly in this respect
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 20, 1896.
there is a wide difference between the two
forms of religion.
Again, secondly, we differ as to the right of
private interpretation of the Bible. The Ro
man Catholic Church opposes thi» reading of
the Bible, or perhaps more correctly, it con
demns the exercising of the reader's mind on
the Bible which lie reads. He may read for
himselt if he will only ltt the church think for
him. Before he pretends to understand those
passages which he reads he must inquire how
the church has always interpreted them, and
what the Popes arid General Councils have
thought about them, and how all the fathers,
from Barnabas to Bernard, not one excepted,
have understood them. The Catholic asks,
"Does Peter condemn private interpretation?"
and they point us to his second epintle, i, 20,
"Knowing this first, that no prophecy of the
Scripture is of any private interpretation."
Protestants call attention to the fact that Cath
olics cling with wonderful tenacity to such pas
sages of Scripture as have any appearance of
favoring their views.
Protestants hold that this passage does not
make for the Catholic cause:
First— Because if the right of private judg
ment and private interpretation is taken away
by it, as they affirm, it is taken away only with
respect to a small part of the Bible, viz., the
prophetic part. It does not say that any other
part, the historical, the didactic or the horta
tory, is not of private interpretation, but only
the prophetic, that part in which something
is foretold. He does not say no Scripture, but
no prophecy of the Scripture is of any private
interpretation.
Granting, then, to the Catholic all which he
contends for, the Protestant claims to have
left him by far the iarger part of the Bible
open to private interpretation. Peter restricts
us only in the matter of prophecy. But, sec
ondly, Protestants do not believe that the text
referred to means what the Catholic under
stands it to mean. This is evident from what
follows it. Examine the passage and you will
perceive that Peter, having said that no
prophecy of Scripture is of any private inter
pretation, proceeds to assign tne reason of
that assertion, or goes into a further and fuller
explanation of what he said.
The Catholic argument from this passage
may be stated thus: The Bible Is an inspired
book; therefore, too obscure and ambiguous to
BOATSWAINSMATE JESSEN AND CARPENTER COOPER, WHO WERE LOST
FROM THE BALTIMORE IN A RECENT GALE — THE BATTERED BREAK
WATER OF THE SHIP.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
be of private interpretation! Inspired, there
fore unintelligible! If it be so hard to under
stand what God says, how wns the divine
Savior able to make himself understood by the
common people, who heard him gladly?
The sermon on the Mount seems "to have
been understood by those who heard It.
Now, who will have a lingering doubt that
there Is the widest difference between the
Catholic use of the Bible and that of the
Protestant?
Thirdly— The Roman Catholics hold to the
infallibility of one of their priests, whom they
call Pope.
The following is the text of the Declaration
of Infallibility by the Catholic Council :
"Faithfully following out the tradition
which goes back to the beginning of our Chris
tian faith, for the glory of God our Savior, the
exaltation of the Catholic religion and the sal
vation of the nations of Christendom, we teach
and define 'Sacro approbante concilio' (with
the approval ot the sacred council), that the
following dogma has been divinely revealed:
"That the Roman Pontiff, when speaking
'ex cathedra'— that is to say when in his office
of pastor and teacher of all Christians and by
virtue of his supreme apostolic authority he
declares that a doctrine on faith or morals
ought to be held by the universal church— is in
full possession by the divine assistance which
has been promised him as the successor of the
blessed Peter, of that infallibility which the
Divine Redeemer willed, should dwell in his
church whenever it declares its doctrine of
faith or of morals; and consequently that such
declarations by the Roman Pontiff are, in
themselves and not by virtue of the consent of
the church, incapable of any emendation. And
if any one— which God forbid— should venture
to contravene this, our declaration, let him be
anathema."
The following protest against the adoption
of the dogma of infallibility was sent in by
many Bishops:
"Most blessed father: In the general con
gregation held here on the 13th day of this
month we gave our votes on the schemata ot
the first dogmatic constitution concerning the
church of Christ. It is well kno-.rn to your
Holiness that there were eighty-eight lathers,
who, being moved by their own consciences
and love of ho)y churcn, gave their votes in
the words 'non placet' (No); sixty-two others
wiio voted 'placet, juxta raodum' (Yes, but
with necessary amendments), and about
seventy more who were absent from the con
gregation and abstained from voting at all.
To these may be added others who had re
turned to their dioceses in consequence of
their infirmities or other weighty rea
sons. • • ••'
From this strong protest on the part of a
large number of the members of the council it
is evident that the adoption of the infullibilitv
dogma was far from being unanimous, though
it is well known that afterward, as always in
such cases, the minority were compelled to
succumb and accept rs true what they believed
to be false, and which by their vote they had
pronounced untrue.
Fourth— Protestantism and Catholicism hold
opposite views concerning the priesthood.
Fifth— The Catholic church holds to the doc
trine of transnbstantiation; that in the admin
istration of the sacrament the bread and wine
are actually changed and converted into the
real body and blood of Christ. This Protestants
deny, and array against it the physical impos
sibility, the unscripturalnessof the dogma, and
its unreasonableness. The difference between
Catholicism and Protestantism at this point is
as wide as tne worid.
Sixth— The Catholic church holds to the
dogma of oracular confession. Protestants
hold that this dogma is unreasonable. unscrip
tural and wicked.
Seventh— The Catholic church holds to seven
sacraments. The Protestant church believes
there are but two sacraments.
Eighth— Catholics hold to the dogma of pur
gatory. Protestants deny it.
Ninth— The Catholics believe in prayers for
the dead. Protestants believe that such-pray
ers are unavailing.
Tenth— Catholics beiieve the civil authority
should be subject to the ecclesiastical. Prot
estants believe the reverse of tnis.
Eleventh— The Catholics give the sacrament
to the people of one kind only. They witnhold
the cup from the laity. Protestants administer
the bread and wine to the whole church-
Twelfth — Catholics give adoration to the
Virgin Mary. Protestants call this idolatry.
Thirteenth— The Catholics worship images.
Protestants stiongly condemn tnis practice.
Fourteenth— Catholics ve?t all their property
in the priesthood. The Protestant practice is
the reverse of this.
Fifteenth— The Catholics hold to the celibacy
of the clergy. Protestants believe that the
clergy may and ouehtr to marry.
Sixteenth— Catholics believe in the canoniza
tion of saints. Protestants do not so believe.
Seventeenth— The Catholics offer prayer to
saints. Protestants regard this practice as
idolatrous.
Many other points of difference might be
presented had we time to consider them, show
in? that the difference between Roman Cathol
icism and Protestantism is heaven wide.
Bakk stock paper saves the eyes. The My
•ell-Rollins Co., 22 Cl*y, manui&cturers. •
THE BALTIMORE ARRIVES
After Her Gallant Struggle With
the Cyclone, the Big Cruiser
Reaches Port.
HOW TWO OFFICERS WERE LOST.
Furious Seas That Swept the Decks.
An Epic From the Ship's
Laureate.
The United States cruiser Baltimore,
Captain B. P. Day, U. S. M., arrived yes
terday, eight days from Honolulu. The
big white war vessel came grandly into
harbor, her great "homeward-bound" pen
nant flying far out into the air. She has a
decided list to port, owing to less coal in her
starboard bunkers; however, she is built
so high out of the water she rolls easily.
Even the crew congregating on one rail
will send that side some inches down in
the water.
Tuough she has had several weeks at the
islands to recover from her "little blow"
off the Japanese coast, the effect of the
battering seas may yet be seen around the
main deck. Up on the topgallant fore
castle there is a breakwater— a wall of steel,
running thwartsliips, five-eighths of an
inch thick and about three feet high. Situ
ated low down on the deck and strongly
braced, it does not present much surface
to an incoming sea. yet a wave hurled
across the bows drove that plate of metal
in as though it had been a piece of tin.
It was on the topgallant forecastle that
Boatswain's Mate Gustavus Jessen was
standing when a huge sea carried him
overboard. He and several others were
securing the storm staysail, which had
been hauled down, when the cruiser plowed
into a big wave and a torrent of water was
rushing aft along the main deck. A
searchlight standing well forward and an
instrument for finding distances in eun
fire were swept clean from their supports
and hurled into the sea. The broken rail
ing of the forward bridge, situated high
above the deck, still shows the mighty force
of that wave.
Jessen was lifted bodily over the long
barrel of an 8-inch rifle on the port side
of the deck and into the foaming waters.
He was seen as he floated astern, close to
the ship, freeing himself from his oilskins
and rubber boots, proving that he was un
injured.
It was about 2 o'clock in the morning
and two life-buoys, provided with port
fires, were instantly let go, as well as sev
eral life-belts, but the luckless man un
doubtedly failed to reach tbem. The
buoys were lost also, as no boat— not even
the ship— could have lived to maneuver in
that furious sea.
Another wave came over the side amid
ships, smashed the securing-chocks and
timber under the boats, and plunging aft
wrecked the hand-steering wheel on tho
main deck. Carpenter Isaac Cooper, who
died in the hospital at Honolulu, was
thrown on deck and his skull fractured.
"Two days out from Yokohama," said
Captain Day in an interview, "we noticed
toe barometer falling gradually, but as
December is not a cyclone month in the
Asiatic waters we thought it was only a
stiff blow. But we were soon given to
know that we were in for some interesting
weather. A wicked, heavy. sea was pres
ently plunging all around us. The gale
was blowing against the strong Japanese
current, which made the waves all the
more ugly. We held on our course for
over twenty hours, when the shin began
to take water freely over the side and was
hove to under storm staysails. Beiore we
left Yokohama we sent down our yards
and lowered the topmasts, and also took
the machine guns out of the fighting-tops.
"We did not take the guns out of the
turrets, as the Honolulu papers reported,
as we have no turrets and no big gun could
have been moved with the ship jumping in
those terrible seas.
The ship rolled heavily, often as much
as thirty-nine degrees in sudden lurches to
leeward, but she would come splendidly
back. Her buoyancy is perfect, and I con
sider that those two gales were an excellent
test as to the seaworthiness of the ship,
f she had more open free-ports so the
water could run quickly from the deck it
would be better. Three feet of water
washing along the upper deck, and rush
ing from s.ide to side with the heave of the
hull, making her all the more cranky, is
not convenient in a furious gale of wind.
"Everything around the decks was
dashed here and there in the flood that
was every few minutes increased by the
seas that came over the hammock nettings.
The hatches were tightly closed for ten
days and life-lines were stretched along
the decks for safety. We lay-to under a
slow bell simply waiting for the gale to
blow by.
"I can report that the Baltimore never
once failed us, and all through the storms
she bebaved herself like a good staunch
ship as she is."
After the storm, Coxswain O'Callahan,
the laureate of tbe ship, grasped his sea
eagie plume and indited an epic to the
occasion, entitled "In Latitude Thirty
tbree,' beginning "Come all you jolly
sailor lads, I'll sing to you a song." The
third verse has quite a geographical senti
ment, and was as follows:
We were in eastern longitude
One hundred and forty-nine;
Our latitude was thirty-three,
To the northward of the line.
Off the Japanese coast, my boys,
Four hundred miles <r more,
We struck this blow, as you may know,
In the cruiser Baltimore.
The other stanzas were descriptive of the
gale, the plunge of the ship, the utter de
moralization of the berth-deck cooks and
the mess menu:
The seas ran high as on we steamed
Through the thickest of the gale;
Thirty-nine we rolled that night,
For we could carry no steadying sail.
Tht- barometer was falling fast,
The seas were running higher,
AVhen a gr en one over the fo'castle came,
Putting out our galley nre.
Our grub was very salty—
Especially the stew:
The berth-deck cooks had all gone mad,
For they were hungry, too.
There were pots, pans and corned-beef cans
AH bundled up together
Like a Chinese band, it seemed so grand,
In the clemency of the weather.
Following is the list of officers of the
Baltimore: Captain, B. F. Day; lieuten
ants, H. O. Rittenhouse, W. A. Marshall,
F. H. Holmes, A. E. Culver, A. L. Hall;
ensigns, C. M. Fahs, G. N. Hayward, W.
H. Buck and L. H. Everhart; surgeon, J.
A. Hawks; assistant surgeon, A. Faren
holt; chief engineer, J. A. Scot; assistant
engineers, G.W. McElroy, A. JVJoritz, A. E.
Hartrath ; paymaster, D. A. Smith ; clerk,
C. H. Broome; lieutenant marines, Z. C.
Prince; chaplain, W. H. Reans; gunner,
C. S. Magruder.
TO CELEBRATE.
How Washington's Birthday Will Be
Honored by Knights of St. Patrick
and the Y. 31. I.
The Knights of St. Patrick of this City,
following their usual custom, will cele
brate Washington's birth yon Saturday
evening, February 22, at Metropolitan
Temple, Fifth and Jessie streets.
D. M. Delmas will deliver the oration on
this occasion, and his great fame as an
eloquent speaker makes it certain that full
justice will be done to the character of
Washington, who was "First in war, first
in peace, and rirst in the hearts of his
countrymen."
The entertainments given by this society
are always complimentary. Admission,
however, is only by ticket, which can only
be procured from the members.
Washington's birthday has been selected
by the Young Men's Institute for celebra
tion throughout the Pacific Coast as a Y.
M. I. day. In this City a committee of
representatives from each council has been
organized to take charge of the arrange
ments for the local celebration. Robert
Tobin of Pioneer Council No. 1 has been
elected chairman, Samuel Haskins of
Columbia Council No. 55, vice-chairman,
and John F. Callaghan of Washington
Council No. 4, secretary-treasurer.
It has been decided to hold literary ex
ercises at Metropolitan Hall on Fifth street
in the afternoon, at which an address will
be delivered by a Catholic clergyman. A
prominent member of the laity will be
selected as orator.
IS SHE AN ACTRESS?
Point Baited in the Case of an Atlanta
Kxposition Chinese
Girl.
Chinese Inspector J. D. Putnam of Los
Angeles is in the City looking up evidence
in the cases of two Chinese women, Goot
Sam and Karn Joy, whom he and Police-
man L. R. Harris arrested there last
Thursday for being illegally in the coun
try.
He says that he found the women in a
den and that one of them, Karn Joy, for
whom a highbinder paid $2200 and who is
only 18 years of age, is one of the Atlanta
Fair girls and that she says she was in San
Francisco as early as October.
Mr. Putnam has a hope that he may be
able to make a test case of Karn Joy. His
reason for this is that he thinks he can
prove to the courts that she has changed
her status by being found in a life of im
morality, and that she will not be able to
claim the privilege of sojourn here under
the act of Congress because of this change
of status. According to Mr. Putnam the
law can only be made to apply to the so
called actresses so long as they remain
actresses.
On the other hand, the Chinese who are
interested in the case claim that they will
be able to satisfy the court that she is still
an actress and a member of the company,
and that the scope of the privilege afforded
by the act must include her.
SEALERS NOT SATISFIED.
They Want Complete Regulations From
the Treasury Department Signed
by Secretary Carlisle.
The sealers of this City are not satisfied
with the shape in which the regulations
for 1896 have come to the Custom-house
from the Treasury Department. Broker
W. H. Thornley, who attends to the entire
sealing business of the City, explained why
yesterday afternoon. He said:
If you remember the shape in which the reg
ulations have come is simply this: On one
side of the printed sheet is a blank
special license and on the other
the regulations. Now, the sealers want
something upon which they can safely
rely. H6w do we know that no sooner than
some of our vessels have started out the Treas
ury Department will change the regulations in
some way or another?
What we want is regulations signed by the
Secretary of the Treasury as a guarantee that
they are complete and trustworthy. I have
been trying to urge Deputy Collector of Cus
toms X. S. Farley to write to the department
for such, and we think it ought to be done.
This sealing business is a pretty responsible
one, and when a man is under $ 15,000 or $20 -
000 bonds he likes to be sure of every step he
takes.
Our vessels are all tied up here yet, with the
exception of three, awaiting satisfactory regu
lations. Tiie Washington authorities ought to
consider the sealing interests of this port as
worthy of timely and proper attention.
The three sealing schooners which have
already put to sea— which sailed, for that
matter, before the regulations came — are
the Eppinger, the Alton and the Kate and
Anna.
THE HORSEFLY MINES.
Steel Pipe From This City to Be Hauled
170 Miles .on Sleds.
The Horsefly Gold Mining Company
held its annual meeting of stockholders
last Tuesday at its office, 610 Clay street,
and elected the following board of direct
ors: Edward P.Flint, Columbus Water
house, Fred H. Beaver, Harry N. Morse,
Charles Roberts, M. E. Babb and M. W.
Harlow. R. G. Ward was elected general
agent for the company. This company
shipped by this morning's steamer to Vic
toria 112 tons of thirty-inch steel pipe for
tue mine at Cariboo, 8.C., having shipped
over 100 tons on last Wednesday's steamer
and over 100 tons on previous steamers
from the pipe works of Francis Smith &
Co. of this City.
The company has an extensive land
grant of rich auriferous gravel from the
British Columbia Government, and has
expended over $100,000. The officers state
that they are now putting in one of the
largest improved hydraulic mining plants
that has ever been set up on this coast.
This large amount of pipe, after being car
ried by steamer to Victoria, thence by
steamer to Vancouver and by railroad to
Ashcroft, a station on the Canadian Pacific
Railroad 200 miles inland, is to be placed
on sleds and hauled on snow a distance of
170 miles north to the company's mines at
a cost for freighting alone of over $15,000.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chlnaware, Glassware and
Tinware.
CHEAPEBT OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. Very Cheap Prices.
62 Market street, 8. F., Headquarters.
.BRANCH; '6TOBES SYJEBYWaBRB,
_^ .' _ .:_■_,._ '^^^^^J^^ TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
CURTAINS!
PORTIERES!
BLANKETS!
extrSdHyTalues!
■ " • mam \& mm \m I
At $1.00 per Pair.
750 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, in both white
and ecru, bound edges, 15 different designs.
At $1.50 per Pair.
1000 pairs NOTTINGHAM GUIPURE LACE CUR-
TAINS, in both white and ecru, 3O different de-
signs.
At $2.50 per Pair.
200 pairs CHENILLE PORTIERES, with fringed ends
and handsome dadoes, all new colors.
• At $3.00 per Pair.
400 pairs FINE CHENILLE PORTIERES, latest color-
ings and all pretty designs, fringed both ends,
with handsome dadoes.
At $4.00 per Pair.
4 cases WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, assorted bor-
ders, size 62x76.
At $5.50 per Pair.
6 cases FINE WHITE MISSION BLANKETS, extra
heavy, size 72x82.
The above goods are direct from the
manufacturer to the consumer.
ill. 113, 115. 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
» .■■ ' .'■ ■ ■ ' *
I SIGNATURE <^f3^ «
] ls now (^eß^J
) printed in • =^SS^'^^'(JW'' %
I BLUE, diagonally y^Sr^T^^m- ©
» across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
) I H^iW<^B y SlfSllfli i i I?B Scl^lklTSfs i
' The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- ?
f tection against all imitations. - «
Agents for the United State.. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. «
"THRIFT IS A GOOD REVENUE." GREAT
SAVING RESULTS FROM CLEAN-
LINESS AND
SAPOLIO
T S THEVKBY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR
J. eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeglaasei
with instrument of his own invention, whosa
superiority has EOt beon equaled. My «ucceia ii»«
been due to the merits of my worlc
Office Hours— l 2 to Ip. si.
RIGGS HOUSE,
t^7"«,»jtLiaxsrtoxi., 33. O-
The Hotel "Par .Excellence"
Of the Hittou Capitat first class In all appoint.
lnellW - , O. DbWITT. Treas.
American plan, $3 per day and
upward.
' HEALTH RESORTS. — — —
sTllNninii
(Formerly Rnral Health Retreat)
Is under strictly regular management ; a "quiet
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move^
menu, dieting, baths, physical training, and all
that is included in modern rational medical" treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water
ob7aln temPeratUre and restful " scenery may be
Wnf"«Vo . t° m ' Wlth board and regular treat-
ment, 812 to $20 per week.
.Send for circular: St. . Helena : Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, Cal.
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market st.,
lin J«; w * * P ', H " Vla Vallejo Jnn«lon,- reach-
[ lag St. Helena at 10:45 a.' it and 7:08 p. it. ,
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
! Kinis County Bonfts.
NOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
i „„ proposals will be received by the undersigned
I ?S«m?-# ° clock M - of the 7th day of February
I 189b, for the purchase of thirty-two <3'JW<ln"4
County C thou a? Boilds - numbered consecutively
I from one (1) to thirty-two (32), both inclusive of
; the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dolars
i i«i«' aDd paval)le on the first day or January
190b, or at any time before that date at the
; pleasure of said i-ounty, in old coin of the Ilnltwi
i •States, with Interest tnere-on at the rate of tair<4>
; first rtav!^ r r a "" Ur n' payable seml-annually.on the
first day of January and on the first day of July of
1^;, l0!1^ atlfl interest payable at theofflci
KaiVi ( . U 2 ty . Trea3Urer of said Kings County.
nrn.,« 01 3 i h w V " lf f b en l3SUed ln conformity with
i Ordera and Kcsolutions of the Board of t-uper-
• Msors of Kings County dated December 8, 1&95,
i ?i ld «i anuary ft k 1896 ' and "rider auUionty con-
terred upon said board bythe provisions of and in
accorJance with .an act of the Legislature of the
State of Caliiornla, entitled "An Act to Establish a
. Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
; ment." approved March 24, 1893.
I _. iNone of said bonds will be sold for less than face
value and accrued Interest, nor shall any sale
j thereof be final or valid until approved by said
j Board of Supervisors, and the rlßtat is hereby ex-
j ■ pre ssl y reserved to reject any and all proposals.
-Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds." -
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. >: W.H. FLAVIN, .
, ■ '" " • County Treasurer.
OPPRESSION, niitlf-n mat
SUFFOCATION. CIIRFfI RY
NEURALGIA, Etc., UUnt » 01
ESPIC'S OIGAKKTTKS, OR. POWDER,
1 FatlSi J. ESPIC: New York, E. FOUa£AA
| A CO, Sold by all Xkiiuudot*.