VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 165. .
CYCLONES SWEEP
WESTERN STATES.
Nebraska Reports Great
Destruction, but No
Loss of Life.
MANY PERSONS INJURED
Buildings Demolished, Trees Torn
Up and Wires and Fences
Wrecked.
COUNCIL BLUFFS ALSO VISITED.
Freaks of the Twister in Sections of
Rice and McPherson Counties,
Kansas.
4 LINCOLN, Nhbb., May 12.— With a wind
whicd attained a velocity of eighty miles
an hour, continuing for fully five minutes,
Lincoln was this evening given the worst
shaking up experienced for many years.
The force of the gale was terrific, and all
that was needed to make a genuine cyclone
was the rotary motion. As it was, tne
damage in the city was considerable and
there was a number of casualties. Those
most seriously injured are: Mrs. H.
Moore, thrown against a fence, arm broken
and head hurt; J. Jacobson, hackman,
blown from back, bad cut on arm, head
bruised ; A. L. Woodward, struck by de
tached roof, injured internally; Mrs.
Harry Ebbott, blown from buggy, badly
bru:sed. There was also a number of
minor casualties.
In the heart of the business district the
Walton block was unroofed and part of
one wall blown down. The force of the
wind carried heavy pieces of timber
across Ninth street, one crashing through
the west window of the State Journal
counting-room. The Merchants' Hotel
was unroofed, windowlights blown in and
the entire house flooded by the rain that
followed. Roofs on private dwellings
were torn off almost without number,
trees uprooted or broken down and fences
leveled. The electric plant at the hospital
for the insane was blown down and a
Catholic mission church near the city
limits totally demolished. The wires are
down and reports from country districts
are meager.
TEO DISTINGT CYCLONES
Grmt Damage at vmalta and Neighbor
ing ' Towns. '-
OMAHA, Nebk., May 12.— Two sepa
rate and distinct cyclones visited the
towns of Elkhorn and Bennington in this
county late this afternoon, and owine to
the fact that communication is practically
shut off it is impossible to determine to
what extent damage was done, but no loss
of life has so far been reported.
The funnel-shaped clouds appeared be
tween the hours of '6 and 5 o'clock, fol
lowing each other with only a short inter
val. The paths of the cyclones were only
about 600 feet in width, but were swept
clean, the wind cutting through groves of
large trees and tearing them up by the
root?. Farmhouses were demolished and
the loss of stock was heavy.
The summer mansion of Hon. A. S.
Poppleton at Elkhorn had a narrow es
cape, a well-curb close by the house being
wholly demolished, but the building itself
was not touched. E. A. Johnson of Omaha
was driving a team and leading another
team. The wind made kindling-wood of
his carriage and tore the harness off the
horses, and stripped him of most of his
clothing. He escaped with severe bruises.
Dispatches from Crete state that a small
cyclone visited that section of the country
and did great damage to buildings. In
Omaha traffic was at a standstill for over
two honrs and the streets ran great rivers
of water. Lightning struck Cudaby's
packing-house at South Omaha.
AT COUNCIL BLUFFS
.
th* Telegraph Hir«7i
COUNCIL BLUFFS, lowa, May 12.— One
of the heaviest rainstorms experienced
here for years occurred this afternoon be
tween 4 and 6 o'clock. High winds ac
companied the downpour and did consid
erable damage. On lower Broadway one
of the 150-foot electric light towers was
blown over. It fell toward the east along
the sidewalk, bat no one was injured. The
rain was coming down in torrents at the
time and the streets were deserted. In its
fall the tower struck the main wires of the
Western Union, completely wrecking them
and cutting off all communication. A
large gang of men was soon at work, but
the lines were not in place at a late hoar
to-night.
The storm to-day was preceded by one of
almost equal violence yesterday afternoon.
On both occasions the streets were flooded
and considerable paving washed out. This
afternoon's storm was accompanied by a
h-avy hailstorm, and considerable damage
was done to growing crops and small fruits.
KANSAS IS IN IT.
Ai hires Lost, but Much Destruction in
Several Counties.
WICHITA, Kakb., May 12.— Rice County
was visited by a cyclone late last night,
which resulted in considerable damage to
property, and came n ear causing several
deaths. Upward of a half dozen farm
houses were partly demolished. Several
bams were completely wrecked and miles
of wire fence was destroyed. The course
of the cyclone was from southeast to
no.-thwest, and it swept over a portion of
McPherson County, doing some damage
there. No loss of life has been reported,
but one house was twisted entirely around
and one of its occupants thrown out of a
window, sustaining slight injuries.
MUCH DAMAGE DONE.
ilovgcß Unroofed, by Storms in Minne
sota aud Virginia.
81. PAUL, Minn., May 12.— A cyclone
passed over Worthington, Minn., late last
night, doing much damage. The course
wm from south to north. A heavy rain
The San Francisco Call.
followed. The losses were as follows:
William Guiz, house, barn and furniture;
George Curtis, bouse and barn; Stephen
Muck, house; Fred Mason, barn; F. C.
Turnock, bay barn.
Many others also lost property. One
child of Mr. Guiz was cut on the bead.
CHARLOTTESVILLE, Va., May 12.— A
disastrous wind, rate and hailstorm visited
this section this afternoon, accompanied
by lightning and thnnder. Houses were
unroofed and flooded and in several in
stances struck by lightning. The streets
were turned into rivers, and men, women
and children were badly frightened, some
narrowly escaping with their lives. The
wind was almost a cyclone. The damage
is heavy.
NONCONA, Tex., May Yl.— Mr.' and
Mrs. E. J. Pruett and a child of 8. K.
Davis •were seriously injured in a cyclone,
Echoes From the Interior at the Popn
list Convention.
which struck this place this afternoon,
demolishing the houses of Davis and
Pruett.
WAS RUN BY THE GANG
Disgusting Tactics to Offend the
Women in a Colorado
Convention.
Filley Wins Out at St. Joseph and
Will Lead the Missouri Re
publicans
DENVER, Colo., May 12.-The Repub
HON. THOMAS V. CATOR, A PROMINENT POPULIST, WHO IS HIGHLY RESPECTED BY
THE MEMBERS OF HIS PARTY.
{Character skttch made at Sacramento by a "Call" ttaff artiit.)
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY MORNING, MAY 13, 1896.
lican County Convention ended to-night
what is generally conceded to be the most
disgracefully conducted political conven
tion in the history of the State. It was a
contest between two factions seeking local
supremacy and State party control for the
fall campaign.
The session last night ended at 3 o'clock
in the morning, having made little prog
ress. Ribald songs, speeches by drunken
men urged on by the noisy assembly, and
personal encounters added to the confu
sion of the exciting contest waged upon
every point. The gang element evidently
seemed determined to so disgust the
women voters by their conduct that they
will hereafter remain away from political
meetings.
The convention reassembled at S o'clock
this afternoon to hear reports of the com
mittee named last night to select delegates
to the Congressional and State conven
tions. Against protests formally made
the report was adopted, and contesting
delegations gave notice that they will
appeal to the two conventions. The com
mittee on resolutions were engaged all
day in preparing a report, the convention
adjourning until evening to receive it.
The contest between friends of Senators
Wolcott and Teller has been waged in this
convention and the fight is extremely bit
ter.
The committee on resolutions had a
hard struggle with opposing factions be
fore a final report was adopted and pre
sented to the convention at a late hour.
The resolutions declare for silver and
express full accord with Senator Teller in
his declaration that the monetary ques
tion is paramount. The delegates are in
structed to support no one but those in
full accord with these views. The admin
istration of Governor Mclntyre is in
dorsed and Populism denounced. Senator
Wolcott is ignored.
A resolution was offered by a delegate
as an amendment condemning Senator
Wolcott. Its reading was greeted with
tumultuous cheering. A. rollcall on this
amendment was demanded, resulting in
its defeat by a vote of 377 to 172.
Further amendments were shut off by
the adoption of the previous question.
FILLET IS SUCCESSFUL.
Kerens Men Routed in the Missouri
Convention.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., May 12.— The Repub
lican State Convention to-day was an in
spiring spectacle. The rivalry between
the Filley and Kerens factions led to in
numerable free fights during the forenoon
and culminated in an attempt, which was
almost successful, by the Kerens men to
keep the Filleyites out of the hall alto
gether.
At 12 :15 o'clock Chauncey L. Filley suc
ceeded in gaining an entrance to the opera
house. He was chagrined to and that he
had been preceded by Hon. R. C. Kerens,
Nathan Frank, J. J. Bittinger, Marshall
McDonald and others of the anti-Filley
ites. who made their entrance through
the alley in the rear.
Shortly afterward the delegates began
filing in, and the numb.er of bloody noses
and black eyes gave evidence of the •
CHAIRMAN BARLOW WIELDING THE GAVEL AT THE POPULIST CONVENTION AT
SACRAMENTO.
[Sketched yesterday by a " Call" atnff artiit ]
numerous conflicts on tae ontside during
the three hours during which they had
waited for the doors to open. So much
confusion ensued in searching for seats
that it was not until 1 :15 o'clock that
Chairman Filley grasped the gavel and
called the convention to order. He made
a short address for harmony, after which
Rev. Mr. Sherman invoked divine blessing
upon the proceedings. During the prayer
the uproar was so great that it was im
possible to bear the minister's words ten
feet from the stage.
Hon. Richard Bartholdt of St. Louis
was named as temporary chairman and
John Giftin as secretary.
Mr. Bartholdt made a speech in accept
ing the chair, at the conclusion oi which
the St. Louis contesting delegation at
tempted to secure control of the conven
tion by filibustering, but were promptly
sat down on by the chairman, who an
nounced that no motions except that of
selection of the committee on temporary
organization, credentials and resolutions
would be entertained. After a hot fight
by Buchanan, delegates who worked under
the direction of the Kerens faction, the
Filley ites triumphed and bis committees
were chosen. An adjournment was theu
taken until 7 r. h. to give the committees
time to report.
At the night session the committee on
credentials seated the entire Filley dele
gates in the contested districts. The tem
porary organization was made permanent,
and from that time the work was more
pleasant as the Kerens faction laid down
their arms. The platform favors protec
tion and reciprocity and says:
"We are firm and emphatic in our de
mand for honest money. We favor the
use of silver as currency, but to the extent
only and under such regulations that its
parity with the present gold standard can
be maintained, and in consequence we are
opposed to the free, unlimited and inde
pendent coinage of silver at a ratio of 16
tol.
"We recognize the Hon. William Mc-
Kinley as the champion of the doctrine of
protection, a gallant soldier, an able states
man and a true and loyal American, and
the delegates elected by this convention
are directed to cast their votes for William
McKinley for President of the United
States."
It was 1:25 when the first candidate for
delegate to the National Convention was
nominated in the person of Chauncey I.
Filley, who was nominated by acclama
tion amid a perfect tumult.
To add to the honor conferred upon him,
he was also unanimously elected chair
man of the State Central Committee.
ALL NOT FOR McKINLEY
Delaware Republican* Will Have Two
Sett of Delegate*.
DOVER, Dux., May 12.— The Republican
State Convention to nominate delegates to
St. Louis met this morning, with Dr. Cobb
Lay ton as temporary chairman. The con
vention decided that all resolutions should
be referred to the committee and not read
in' convention. Delegate Hastings offered
a resolution favoring : McKinley for Presi
dent and a tremendous uproar followed.
The convention adjourned until 2:30
o'clock. '.•'•'.'..'..'. . .
I; The convention reassembled at 4 o'clock
with Dr. G. R. Layton as chairman. The
chair declined to entertain fa* motion pro
viding * that 1 the . delegates ! pledee ' them
selves to support McKinley for President.
. The committee on resolutions ; reported
■ the { platform ■ opposing [ the - free and r un
limited coinage of silver and declaring for
the present money system. , '..."
The McKinley bill was indorsed and ua
instructed delegates to the National Con
vention were favored.
A minority report favored leaving the
delegates uninstructed, but commend
Major McKinley. The report also con
tained a plank condemning the open and
bold use of money as carried on by some
Republicans at the recent primaries.
The minority report was laid on the
table and the majority report was adopted.
After the rejection of the minority re
port the anti-Addicks men left the con
vention amid much excitement. The
convention then selected delegates to take
the place of the bolters, and chose dele
cates to St. Louis.
The anti-Addicks men went to the State
House and organized another convention.
A Populist Orator in the Convention at
Sacramento.
McKinley was indorsed and delegates to
St. Louis were instructed for him.
Illinois Central Committee.
CHICAGO, 111., May 12.— The new Re
publican State Central Committee held its
first meeting in the Great Northern Hotel
to-day. C. P. Hatch of Paris, 111., an anti-
McKinley man, was elected chairman by
acclamation. James Vancleave of Chicago
was elected secretary. James M. Gilbert
was re-elected treasurer without opposi
tion.
McKinley Men Chosen.
HILL CITY, Kan., May 12.— The Sixth
District Republicans to-day elected Me-
Kinlev delegates to St. Louis.
OTTAWA, Kan., May 12.— The Repub
licans of the Second District to-day nom
inated McKinley delegates to St. Louis.
Aehison Renominated.
PITTSBDRG, Pa., May 12.-The con
ferrees of the Twenty -fourth Congrestional
District met in Pittsburg to-day. E. F.
Achison, the present Congressman, was re
nominated.
Charges Against a Doctor.
EL PASO, Tex., May 12.— Dr. G. H. Gra
ham was arrested here yesterday. He is
wanted at Pittsburg, Kan., on a charge of
performing a criminal operation on a little
negro girl. The girl is said to have died
from the effects of the treatment. A de
tective has been on the doctor's trail ever
since he left Pittsburg.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
CONVENTION OF
THE POPULISTS
Organized by the Selection
of C. A. Barlow as
Chairman.
NOTED WOMEN SPEAK.
Leaders of the Suffrage Fight
Gallantly Treated by the
Delegates.
PLANKS IN THE PLATFORM.
Considerable Argument Before the
Committee Relating to the
Taiiff Question.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 12^-The
Populists have proved that they are work
ingmen and that their convention is their
workshop by the earnestness which they
have displayed in the proceedings. But
they have made haste slowly. The re
sult of the day's effort from 10 in the
morning until near midnight was a tern*
porary set of officers ana the usual num
ber of committees, only one of which, on
credentials, reported.
The chairman, C. A. Barlow of San Luis
Obispo, has not met with any objection
from either the A. P. A. element or the
other element which is opposed to
mingling religion with politics. Mr.
Barlow acquitted himself very well indeed.
He handled the gavel with the same deft
ness of touch and the same brilliancy of
technique as that displayed by Paderewski
or Ysaye on their favorite instruments.
He is well acquainted with the members
and by the aid of the cards showing the
names of the counties from which they
hailed or thundered, as the case may be,
he managed to introduce them properiy
to the rest of the delegates. Those same
printed cards by the way, are an ortho
graphical curiosity. Solano is spelled
Salano, Madera is converted into Madara,
Tehama is made to read Tahama, and
many of the other counties have been
sadly disfigured in a similar way by a
printer who seems to be greatly in want of
a little red school house as part of his lit*
erary apparatus.
Populists are not dunces, and to-day
many of the cards were taken away for re
pairs and returned with the names of the
counties properly spelled in Spencerian
script. The committee on platform bad a
hard time of it.
They went out shortly after noon and
spent the recess till 4 o'clock in fitting ut>
a platform to lit the local conditions and
at the same time to be in harmony with
the Omaha platform. The session of this
committee developed the fault that there
are a laree number of orators gathered to
gethei and discord and procrastination are
in the midst of them.
The tariff question, brought out by a
plank submitted by Mr. Cator, started the
ball rolling and kept it rolling up to an
extremely unpopulistically late hour. The
Omaha platform has deftly straddled the
tariff proposition and Mr. Cator endeav
ored to have the straddle removed and to
induce the party in California to say
something on the matter.
Murphy of Shasta, the protege of Sheriff
Houston of that county, one of three
Sheriffs in this State elected on the
straight Populist ticket, made a bitter
fight against the Cator resolution and was
assisted by J. V. Webster, ex-Popu!ist
nominee for Governor, and Cator was ably
supported by Burnette G. Haskell of San
Francisco and L. F. Smith of Santa Clara.
But it was so much time wasted, for the
battle may have to be fought over again
to-morrow on the floor of the convention.
The State Central Committee occupied
the recess hours and worried away late in
the evening over the subject of raising the
wherewithal to carry on the campaign and
to help elect the legislative ticket. Several
propositions were made in the executive
session, one of them being for each county
to assess its Populist resident! 50 cents or
$1 apiece.
It was estimated that not less than
$ 10,000 would be required and that $50,000
would come nearer satisfying the require
ments of the campaign. Some dissatisfac
tion was expressed by several members of
the committee as to the manner in which
Secretary Bush had handled the finances.
They thought that more economy should
be practiced.
Not much interest is being taken in the
matter of the nomination of a Lieutecant-
Governor. T. W. H. Shanahan of Shasta
and Douglass T. Foster of Fresno are most
spoken of, but Sheriff Houston of Shasta
said last night that Mr. Shanahan was not
a candidate for any office under the sun.
Fowler has many friends. He has great
force of character and can handle a con
vention with the skill of a veteran.
The Congressional tight in Grove L.
Johnson's district is attracting some at
tention. Some of ex-Attorney-General
A. L. Hart's friends are working quietly
to have him nominated. Hart himself
says nothing, but laughs and shakes his
curled locks when the subject is men
tioned. He is said to be a deadly political
enemy of Grove L. Johnson, and his
friends claim that if nominated he would
roast Johnson in every precinct in the dis
trict on his funding bill record.
The convention wil 1 reassemble at 9
o'clock to-morrow morning. The Second
Congressional District convention will
meet at half-past 7 in the morning, an
hour which only a granger would suggest.
Susan B. Anthony, Mrs. A. A. Sargent,
Ida A. Harper and Mrs. Kobart, of the
Woman Suffrage Association, made ring
ing speeches to the convention and were
warmly received. Mrs. Elizabeth Pur
nell, formerly a schoolteacher in this city
and a woman of varied intellectual attain
ments, made one of the best speeches o l
the day.
BUSINESS IS BEGUN.
Charles A. Barlow of San Luis Obispo
Chosen Chairman of the
Convention.
BACRAMENTO. Cal., May 12,— 1t wai
10:20 a. M. when Chairman E. M. Wardall
of the State Central Committee called the2
Populists' convention to order in the As
sembly chamber. He called on Rev. W.
C. Bowman to invoke a blessing before the
regular proceedings were opened. In the
course of his prayer the minister said:
"We feel that this is a convention of
men and women to promote a cause that
has the approval of God and heaven. We
feel that this movement was born of God
and baptized with the breath of heaven in
its very inception."
In bis opening address the chairman
spoke as follows:
"We are now at a point where we can
see victory in the air. We now invite your
■wise counsel, and I feel sure, from its per
sonnel, that this convention will be long
remembered for the good work it will do.
"A weeK ago there was another State
Convention in this city, and I have no
hesitancy in saving that the Republican
convention, which then met, did more for
us than for itself. [Applause.] It seems
to me that its action was such as not to
meet with the unqualified approval of the
Republicans.
"It placed an anti-funding plank in the
platform and. then placed at the bead of
its electoral ticket Charles F. Crocker, vice
president of the Southern Pacific Com
pany; and then a man, notoriously a rail
road man, the Congressman from this dis
trict—l allude, of course, to Mr. Johnson
was also placed on the electoral ticket of
that party.
"We have also reason to doubt the work
of the Republican party during the last
two years. Two years ago the Repub
lican party, as it did a week ago, adopted
a suffrage plank. They opened the cam
paign in Los Angeles. They came out
without any excuse and repudiated the
action of the State convention, saying they
would not support the woman suffrage
plank.
"We have now 70,000 votes pledged in
the Populist party to that cause because
the campaign has begun. , Then the Pro
hibition party has at least 10,000 more
votes and tney can be relied on to join us
in this matter. If we can drum up 20,000
more out ot the Republican and Demo
cratic parties the woman suffrage amend
ment will be carried by a big majority."
Assistant Secretary Hamilton then read
the call for the convention.
J. A. Johnson of San Francisco, with an
eye cast to the rear of the hall, called
attention to the presence of Miss Susan B.
Anthony, Mrs. Aaron A. Sarcent and Miss
Harper, of the Woman Suffrage Associa
tion, in the rear of the hall, and moved
that those ladies be invited to take seats
in front of the platform. The convention
showed its appreciation of the doctrine of
equal suffrage by rising to its feet and
adopting the motion by acclamation.
George D. Glllespie of Sun Francisco, a
young man nattily dressed and holding a
silk hat in his hand, proposed three cheers
for the ladies, and as they passed through
the middle aisle toward the front of tne
ball, escorted by tbe smiling J. A. Johnson,
the hall rang and rang again with cheer
ing.
Nominations for temporary chairman
were declared in order, and were
opened by J. F. McSwain of Alameda, a
gentleman attired in sober black, illumi
nated with a w&ite tie, who named Dr. C.
H. Castle of Merced.
J. V. Webster, ex-candidate for Governor
on the Populist ticket, placed Charles A. j
Barlow oi San Luis Obispo in nomination,
garlanded with flowers of praise. He said i
that Mr. Barlow had never slunk away
from duty. He had stood before the
mouth of a bursting cannon and had aided
in scattering its fragments to the four
winds of heaven. He had faithfully
served the people on the floor of the
Assembly and had redeemed every pledge
that he had made to the people. More
than that, Mr. Barlow had come to the
convention without any indorsement from
any other party. He cams from the
People's party and none other.
J. D. Thompson of San Francisco and J.
"Way bright of El Dorado seconded the
nomination of Barlow.
E. S. Van Meter of Fresno named D. T.
Fowler of Fresno.
J. M. C. Murphy of Shasta nominated
Joseph E. Bell of Shasta.
Rev. W. C. Bowman of Los Angeles
seconded Mr. Barlow's nomination, and
the vote was called with the following
result :
Counties.
£> Q 3 a
5 B I 2.
I? 5 I
Alameda.
Aljitno
Araador
Butte
I'alaveras
Coiusa
Coutra Costa.
Del None
El Dorado
iresDO ,  •
Ulenn
Hum bold t ;.;
Injro.
Kern
Kings
I axe
Lanst-n
Los Anpeleg
Madera
Murln
Marlposa
Hendoclno
Merced
Modoc.
Mono
Monterey ,
S»pa..._ ;
Nevada.
Orange
Placer
P1U81N8..... ; „..
Ktverslile
Sacramento
Kan Ken to
Sao Bernardino.,
San DI»2O
San hi incise-
Ban Jo;. quin
San Luis <<blspo
Ban Mnteo
Bant* Karoara. •..
Santa Clara
Santa Cruz. ;
Shasta-
Sierra
Blikiyou
Bolano
Sonoma '.
Stanlslans ;
Butter
Tehama
Trinity
Tuolumno..'..^
Tnlare
Ventura
Yolo
Vnba
I 101 3 5 ....
"i ["." II*! HI"
6
111
4
6
4 .... "i .'..'.
.... .... 9 1
a
9 .... '"i "a
'.'.'.'. "*6 '.'.'.'. '.'.'..
8 1
4 ....
18 1
4
4
4
6
.... 4 1 ....
4
" 6 '.'.'.'. .'.'.'. '.'.'.'.
"3 "2 'II! '"2
&
5
'.'.'.'. "i '.'.'.' '.'.'.'.
: 9 .... 2 2
• 3 "4 .... '.'.'.'.
- 5 5
29
, 6
6 1
' "6 '"3 !!!! '.'.'.'.
. 7
1 6
; '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. '.'.'.'. '"i
i "i '■'.'.'. '.'.'.'. ....
. 7
4
4
. 5
: '.'.'.'. • « "2 '."'.
. "6 .... III! .'.'.'.
4
■ .... M .... 2
. 184 68| BS| 36
Total
On motion the recommendations for tem
porary officers made by the Sacramento
committee of arrangements, as published
in yesterday's Call, were adopted.
Castle, Bell and Fowler were appointed
a committee to escort the chairman to the
chair.
On assuming the gavel, eppeciallv made
and engraved for the conveution, Mr. Bar
low spoke as follows:
"I thank you very much for this honor
and think we have had enough unneces
sary talk over preliminary matters and I
hope we will get down to business. I
await your pleasure."
On motion of T. V. Cator a recess was
taken to allow the district delegations to
make their selections for the committee
on credentials, order of business and reso
lutions.
On reassembling the following com
mittees were announced:
Credentials— T. A. Gallup, G. K. McMath, L.
M. Landsborough, Thomas A. Howard, A. W.
Thompson, D. E. Lander, E. 8. Van Meter.
Order of business and organization— E. E.
Bunce, J. Roberts, C. W. Threßher, George D.
Gillespie, E. E. Cotheran, Charles H. Arnold,
T. W. Maples.
Resolutions and platform— N. J. Manson,
KG. Vanin, D. Btewart, J. McMurphy, G. Q.
Gaylord, G. Q. Brown, J. E. Camp, C. W.
Kittor. J. H. McKune, J. A. Johnson, B. G.
Hasten. E. B. Barney, T. V. Cator, 1. R. Welch,
ir V t/. Hln 4\. H - c - Dill <>n. L. F. Bmith, J. V.
Webster, D.T. Fowler, A. J. Watemouse, J. L.
Dryden.
The three hours of recess from 1 till 4
p. m. to-day were well employed by the
various committees holding their sessions.
When 4 o clock arrived the committee on
platform and resolutions had not finished
its business, and. in order to fill up the
time pleasantly while waiting, called upon
Susan B. Anthony to make s few remarks.
The motion was carried by a rising vote
and Burdette Cornell, the Populist orator'
escorted the venrrable lady to the speaker's
desk.
She was received with that cordial wel
come which only a Populist convention
can accord a woman. She said that she
was very glad to be present in a conven
Earnest Delegates in the Hotel Lobby— Quiet Discussion of National and State Affairs by Thought
ful Members of the People's Party at Sacramento.
tion of thinking men. Every one of the
delegates looked as though he did his o*vn
thinking. Most men do their thinking as
the Yankee family did their washing —
they put it out of the family and had it
done — but the Pouulists did their own
thinking instead of letting somebody else
do it for them.
She spoke of Mrs. Aaron A. Sargent,
widow of the late United States Senator of
tliat name, and Mrs. Sarah Knox Good
rich as being true friends of the cause on
this coast. The friends of suffrage pro
pose to present a petition signed by 50,000
men and women to the Democratic State
Convention on June 16 in favor of woman
suffrage. Statistics were quoted by the
speaker to show that women Daid one
eleventh of all of the money received
from taxes in this Kta»e outside of San
Francisco, there not having been any com
putation made of the tax roll of that City.
She told also of the women of Colorado
and Wyoming and how they always voted
on the side of right and morality.
Mrs. Sargent and Mrs. Goodrich made
brief speeches, which were applauded to
the echo.
Miss Ida A. Harper, chairman of the
woman suffrage press committee, made
her maiden speech to a convention of
men. She called attention to the favor
able attitude of the press of this State on
the subject of equal suffrage. Of the 1300
press clippings sent to her by a bureau
there were only twenty-five opposed to
woman suffrage.
'•We propose to keep this matter non
partisan." she went on, "and will not
allow this cause to be dragged into any
religious controversy if it is in our power
to prevent it." ,
This declaration was received with much
enthusiasm.
Mrs. Sarah Pnrnell of Sacramento was
the next speaker, and although a stranger
to the majority of the delegates, was
warmly greeted. She captured the hearts
of her hearers by remarking that there
was in this convention more tweed and
less broadcloth than she observed in the
Republican convention last week, and
pondering upon the contrast she had said
to herself that if she could vote she would
vote for the Populist 3. She mentioned a
painful reminiscence pertaining to her
self
"Two years ago," she said, "I was so un
fortunate at the time of the great railroad
strike in this State as to write some articles
and thereby to tread on somebody's corns.
That party being a power brought his guns
to bear on me and finally succeeded in
brineing me down, so that I am to a cer
tain extent, a political martyr." y
Mrs. Purnell's reference was to the fact
that after she had written those articles in
favor of the strikers she was dismissed
from her position in the Sacramento
school department by the Board of Edu
cation of this city.
Mrs. Hobart followed by congratulating
Miss Anthony as being one of the most
splendid examples of .heroism and endu
rance in advocacy of the principles of
woman suffrage. She spoke of equal wages
for women and men for equal service, and
said that 55 per cent of the women of this
Nation to-day were forced to go out of
their homes to work to assist their hus
bands.
After an hour pleasantly spent in this
way the committee on credentials ap
peared with their report, ana the work of
the convention proceeded.
In the Santa Barbara contest the com
mittee reporied, excluding W. B. Gray of
the regulars and J. Bradley and R. H.
Fulweilerof the contestants. They seated
J. Morgan, A. M. Powell and J. A. Wilcox
of the regulars and J. W. Starkweather of
the contestants. Starkweather was one of
the first, if not the first, delegate to arrive
in Sacramento, and the result of his work
shows that he had well employed his time
among the delegates in pleading his cause.
Randolph of Alameda moved to refer
the list of the Alameda delegates back to
the committee for the reason that one of
the delegates was an office-holder and
under the rules of the People's party could
not sit in a Populist Convention.
The delegate referred to is Burdette Cor
nell, the noted Populist orator, who holds
the position of Deputy Treasurer of Ala
meda County. One of the delegation said
(bat Mr. Cornell had been wording for one
week in the Treasurer's office, and that at
tue end of the month he would receive his
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
Characteristic View of Some Populist Gripsacks at Sacramento
pay. He had not received his commission,
but he would receive it as soon as he got
back to Alameda, and Mr. Cornell made a
speech, in wiiieh he offered to withdraw if
tliere was any delegate present who ob
jected to his taking a seat.
He was followed by E. S. Van Meter of
Fresno, who contended that as Mr. Cornell
was to be paid out of the private funds of
the Treasurer, and that as he had not yet
received his commission, he was as much
entitled to sit in the convention as any
other delegate on the floor.
A long discussion followed, in which the
speakers contended that Mr. Cornell should
be seated, as he was not in the employ of
the municipal body.
"All in favor of the motion to adopt the
report of the committee and seat Mr. Cor
nel! will please give the voting sign of the
order," said Chairman Barlow.
A roar of laughter greeted this lapse
into the friendly realms of fraternal order,
and the chairman remarked that he
hoped that the convention would excuse
him.
The report of the committee was adopted
and Mr. Cornell was seated.
It was announced that thecommittee on
permanent organization ana order of busi
ness and on platform had not yet com
pleted their labors, and ttiat no further
business could be done until that time.
An adjournment was had until 9 o'clock
to-morrow morning.
BUILDING A PLATFORM
Anti-Funding and Tariff Planks Cause
Much Argument Before the Com
mittee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal,, May 12. — For
four hours and a half the committee on
resolutions and platform labored assidu
ously this afternoon on the task of build
ing up a platform that wouid not only
meet the demands of the adherents of the
party throughout the State and country,
but would also attract the malcontents in
the two great political parties.
The twenty-one members of the commit
tee began their session at 1 :30 p. m. and ad
journed at 6 o'clock to meet again at 7:15,
after adopting but four planks for recom
mendation to the National Convention
and without having dono a single thing
toward formins a plauk or platform of
strictly State intereßt.
Every proposition brought forward
s*rved as an excuse for the release of a
flow of oratory from most of the mem
bers, even when it was a foregone conclu
sion that the proposition had the approval
of a majority. But when the tariff ques
tion came up a regular Niagara of words
overwhelmed the session and was main
tained so incessantly that, in the very
midst of the discussion, some one, out of
sheer pity for the committee, moved a re
cess for an hour and a quarter.,.
This was the one question on which any
great diversity of opinion was develo ed,
the opposition element strongly favoring
a course entirely ignoring the issue.
The first motion was one to indorse and
reaffirm the Omaha platform. To this an
amendment was made by T. V. Cator, fa
voring d rect legislation.
H. C. Dillon of Los Angeles then sprang
as a substitute one of the planks of a cut
and dried platform which he had been
carefully nursinp, as be confessed, for
some weeks, and which he shielded most
stringently from the knowledge and scru
tiny of every one, evidently in fear of a
blighting frost. As events developed,
however, he might almost as well have ex
posed it to every possible danger, for it was
doomed to such a course of amputation
that only one small paragraph served as a
sort of graft to the platform that was
ultimately adopted.
His amendment provided for swallow
ing in their entirety and with all their in
consistencies the four platform? adopted
at Ocala, St. Louis, Cinciunati and Omaha.
This was killed.
John«on followed to amend by adding a
provision for proportional representation.
A suggestion was made to incorporate
the initiative and referendum in the plank
which was accented by Mr. Cator, and as
adopted the first plank reads:
"The People's party of the State of Cal
ifornia reaffirm the principles of the
Omaha platform and demand direct legis
lation by the initiative and referendum
and proportional representation."
Judge Dillon then offered another of his
choice collection of planks, reading:
"We demand that direct legislation and
proportional representation be guaranteed
to the people whenever a petition signed
by 10 per cent of the voters of any State,
county or municipality therein shall ask
for the same."
After this had been amended until it
was unrecognizable as the original reso
lution, Mr. Cator moved that the subject
be laid aside until all declarations on
National matters had been disposed of.
This carried, and Mr. Cator then intro
duced t lie following anti-bond resolution:
"We denounce the policy and practice of
the Democratic an>! Republican parties in
maintaining the gold standard and in is
suing bonds to purchase gold to pay Na
tional obligations which are on their face
and by law payable either in gold or silver
coin, and condemn the hypocrisy of the
Republican party for denouncing Grover
Cleveland for so issuing bonds, while it
has by its representatives in Congress up
held the said policy and has refused to
vole for bills brought in by Populist Sen
ators to restrain the issue of such bonds
without the caosent of Congress."
In tin- discVd&fon that ensued one of the
members wanted the bond-issuine policy
denounced as a conspiracy between the
Democratic administration and money
brokers and bankers of Wall street and
England to enslave the people finan
cially.
Objection was successfully made to this
proposition by the argument that it would
be impossible to legally prove the exist
ence of such a conspiracy and that the
People's party ought not to make declara
tions that it was not in a position to prove.
Then tne irrepressible Dillon threw an
other one ot his planks into the arena, but
no one deigned to take hold of it and it
got irrecoverably lost in the shuffle of
words and amendments that followed.
Mr. Gator's resolution was adopted.
Undismayed by defeat, Mr. Dillon again
tore off another plank from his now some
what dismantled platform and submitted
it to the committee. It was- one that
brought a plad smile to some and a grim
smile to many. This is it:
"We demand that whenever a monopoly
becomes oppressive it shall be taken
possession of and owned and operated in
the interest of the people, just remunera
tion being first made for the property
taken. Among such monopolies we spe
cifically point to the Central and Union
Pacific railroads and, condemning the
funding bill now pending in Congress, we
demand that the Government take imme
diate steps for the ownership and control
of those public highways and that they be
operated in the interests of the whole peo
ple and not in the interests of other con
necting lines."
Despite the strong language in which
this va« couched, it did not meet with the
apparent deep feeling of hatred enter
tained toward the great monopoly,
more particularly the latter paragraph,
beginning: "Among such monopolies we
specifically point to tne Central and Union
Pacific," etc.
This entire paragraph was finally killed
to clear the deck for a stronger and more
sweeping measure against funding and in
favor of Government ownership and opera
tion of the roads named.
This done. Judge Dillon was gladdened
by the adoption of the first paragraph.
Cator was on the alert, and by the time
the anti-monopoly plank was disposed of
he was ready with and presented the fol
lowing to cover the question of funding
and Government ownership, as during the
earlier discussion it was declared that no
resolution could be too strong:
"We oppose and denounce all bills to
fund or extend the payment of the Pacific
railroad debts, and we oppose any settle
ment by which these roads are to" remain
in the hands of any private person or cor
poration unless these debts are paid in full
and at maturity, and unless so paid we
demand that the Government, by virtue
of the terms of its mortgage, enter into and
take possession of these roads and operate
the same as National enterprises in the
interests of the people; and upon fore
closure, if there is a deficiency, that the
Government pursue every legal or equita
ble remedy to recover any such deficiency
from those responsible therefor."
Little discussion was created by this and
it was soon made a plank of the platform
to be submitted to-morrow to the main
convention.
At this point Cator threw what proved
to be the apple of discord into the assem
blage with this artistic and artful straddle
of the tariff question :
"We favor genuine protection to Ameri
can labor by the restriction of the immigra
tion of foreign labor and by a true Ameri
can system of finance which will render
justice to labor und industry and restrain
the evils of usury, and we demand the
creation of a National non-partisan tariff
tribunal of experts to the end that all
revenues derived from tariff shall be so
adjusted thai, the benefit shall result to
labor and not to the trusts, and we de
nounce the Democra'ic and Republican
parties for refusing to properly restrict
immigration of foreign labor when having
the power to do so in Congress."
Thines were going along swimmingly
and it looked as if the planK would re
ceive the unanimous approval of the com
mittee, when Murphy of Shasta, calling
attention with due modesty and defer
ence to the fact that he was young in
years and inexperienced in polities,
startled bis colleagues by declaring that
the adoption ot the Cator tariff plank
would mean con pie te defeat of the party.
He continued:
"Why, gentlemen, for years my friend
Mr. Ditmar and I nave been telling our
people that the tariff was no longer an
important issue befere the people of this
country, but that the financial Question
was the one of paramount interest. We
pointed out to them that neither Republi
can protection nor Democratic free trade
had enabled them to pay off their mort
gages, bny a new bat or a new suit uf
clothes, and we further assured them that
when the financial system of our country
was reformed on the lines we favor that
they would no longer wear patches on
their pj»nts. Now you would compel us to
go before the people and explain to them
that we were wrong and the tariff is an
issue and an important one. I tell you,
gentlemen, if this plank is adopted I will
KUIUc uv v, uui 1 >iiuu ugiii ib on LUC uuur
of the convention."
This encouraged others to oppose the
resolution, and while the debate was at
its height, the fond father of the only plat
form that was born complete, with every
plank fully grown and developed, offered
up another of its planks for sacrifice, evi
dently mistaking the humor of the com
mittee. It was as follows:
"Recognizing the fact that a tariff is a
tax on what we consume, and is in the
end paid by the consumer— that it is a
scheme devised by wealth-owners to im
pose on wealth-producers the burden of
supporting the Government--we demand
that an import duty be assessed at so high
a rate on all goods that can be produced in
this country in sufficient quantities to
meet the demands of trade, as to abso
lutely prohibit their importation, and that
all goods that cannot be so produced in
this country be admitted free of duty ; and
that the funds necessary for the support of
the Government be raised by a graduated
income tax, a succession tax, and such
other direct taxation as may be found to
be less oppressive."
It was proposed as a substitute, but
after it had been pretty well splintered its
sponser withdrew its remains.
There was no diminution, however, in
the volume and intensity of the debate,
the question being whether to straddle by
the adoption of the tariff tribunal proposi
tion or to ignore the question altogether.
SEW TO-DAT;^^
Apollinaris
NATURAL MINERAL WATER.
MALICIOUS STATEMENTS having: been disseminated
that the APOLLINARIS WATER offered for sale in San
Francisco is not the Natural product of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING in GERMANY, notice is hereby given that every
arrival of APOLLINARIS WATER is accompanied by a
CERTIFICATE from the Proprietors of the APOLLINARIS
SPRING stating that the shipment consists of Apollinaris
Natural Mineral Water, bottled at the Apollinaris Spring
near Neuenahr, Rhenish Prussia.
Such Certificates are invariably declared and sub-
scribed to by the said Proprietors in the presence of
the CONSUL of the United States of America at COLOGNE
in GERMANY, and are filed at the San Francisco Custom
.House where they can at all times be inspected.
A REWARD of $1,000 will be paid for information
which will lead to the conviction of any person or
persons selling spurious Apollinaris Water.
JOHN CAFFREY, 47 First Street, San Francisco,
Representing ; CHARLES GRAEF & CO. , New York.
; Sole Agents of the APOLLINARIS COMPANY, LIMITED. LONDOH.
Those who advocated the latter course
declared that the party had gathered
strength in the past by totally ignoring
the tariff, and prophesied that a similar
policy now would result advantageously.
At this Caior declared that if there was
nothing in the Omaha platform on the
tariff he would be pleased to withdraw hia
resolution. He produced a copy of this
much-referred- to but apparently little
known docum nt, and read section D of
the finance plank, as follows .
"We believe that the money of the coun
try should be kept as much as possible in
the hands of the people, and hence we de
mand that all National and State revenues
shall be limited to the necessary expenses
of the Government, economically and hon
estly administered."
He then continued :
"Here we have a declaration on the sub
ject, and one that has always, so I am in
formed, been interpreted as favoring the
Democratic idea of creating a tariff for
creating a revenue to carry on the Govern
ment, economically and honestly adminis
tered."
He urged the adoption of his resolution,
as, he said, both Democrats and Republic
ans would be attracted to the Populist
party, as his resolution would virtually
take the tariff question out of politics.
Objection was taken to his interpreta
tion of the Omaha plank he had read, the
claim being made that it did not cover the
tariff issue or touch that question at all.
Mr. Cator at this juncture evolved a new
and interesting issue by asking Chairman
D. T. Fowler of Fresno to call the roil, in
order to get an expression from the com
mittee as to whether or not the Omaha
platform dealt with the tariff issue.
It was then 6 p. m., and one member suf
fering from the pangs of hunger begged
i for adjournment pending the discussion
and vote on this question, and a recess
was taken until 7:15 p. m.
After a protracted discussion Mr. Cator
announced that be tooK the ground that
the tariff question was referred to in the
Omaha platform, and the question was
put to the committee by Chairman Fowler
in this form: "Is there any reference to
the tariff question in the Omaha plat
form?"
On the call of the roll there were sixteen
unqualified ayes, two unqualified noes and
five qualified answers of both kinds. The
qualified ayes were, "Yes, but it does not
deal with the tariff."
The question was accordingly decided in
the affirmative and the discussion began
all over again. Mr. Cator's resolution
was airain before the committee and Mr.
Murphy was again on the floor. He ob
jected strenuously to the tariff part of the
resolution.
He called attention to the fact that the
Populists had fought the old parties on
that i^sue for four years on the lines that
the proper adjustment of the tariff ques
tion was an important matter. The Popu
lists had said that it was not so that the
important questions were those of land,
currency and transportation.
''All our speakers throughout the United
States have said that those are the ques
tions that have forced the old parties and
their representative men to say publicly
that the tariff question is not the great
question before the American people
to-day," continued Mr. Murphy, "and now
we propose in this State Convention to say
how and in what manner we will dispose of
tne tariff question, and I say that it is a
dangerous thing. It puts into the hands of
the old party men a club to beat us over
the beads with. We have to contend with
men who have made deception a study,
and who have skillfully practiced for years
and years the art of pulling wool over the
eyes of the people."
Mr. Murphy went on to argue that the
people could not be educated up to the
new idea in six months.
" Whenever we strike the rock of dealing
with the tariff," he added, "our ship will
go to pieces."
Burnette G. Haskell said that the Cator
resolution, if incorporated into the State
platform, would be the means of winning
to Populism the votes of tens of thousands
of workingmen from the Democratic and
Republican parties. The larger proportion
of the workingmen in this State believe in
protection, and some few of the Democrats
believe in a limited protective tariff.
. "I know that the trades unions to-day
are socialistic," he said, "and they con
demn this plank in the Omaha platform.
If you pass this resolution of Mr. Cator
you will go into the shopa with a double
edged weapon; we can say to the laborer,
'We can protect you by keeping out the
competition of cheap labor,' that will suit
the Republican and the Democrat as well."
Vann of Colusa opposed the Cator reso
lution bitterly. The Populists had accused
both Republicans and Democrats of strad
dling issues in their platforms, and the
Cator resolution made the Populists
straddle the tariff question,
"If Mr. Haskell is a straddler, I am
not," continued Mr. Vann.
"I am a straddler on that proposition,"
retorted Haskell.
"We expect," continued Mr. Vann, "to
catch Democratic and Republican votes
with a straddle platform, in face of the
fact that all the victories have been won by
coming out squarely upon issues straddled
by the oid parties. You interject a tariff
plank here and you admit that every ut
terance of the party for the last four years
is false. Every one of the speakers in favor
of this resolution has said tnat it is sim
ply molasses to catch flies. I, as a man
who helped to organize this party and who
has made more than 100 speeches on the
Omaha platform, beg of you not to inter
ject into that platform any proposition of
a straddling nature."
J. Asbury Johnson of San Francisco
said that the Cator resolution was a buzz
■aw with which Populists should not
monkey if they didn't want to have their
fingers cut off. The tariff commission, he
explained, would be created, undoubtedly,
by act of Congress, and the members
would be elected by the votes of the peo
ple of the States represented by them.
"If we want to get business men with us
we must take a stand on this tariff ques
tion and get into line with the business
men who are trying to take the tariff ques
tion out of politics," said Mr. Johnson.
J. V. Webster condemned the proposi
tion. "It had been admitted by all the
speakers in its favor," he said, "that it was
a straddle proposition without any prin
ciple being involved. Any proposition
that the Republicans and the Democrats
can make appear ridiculous is worse than
no proposition at all. Who would enforce
the decision of the tariff commission in a
Congress comprised of hieh-tanfl mer,
low-tariff men and free-traders?"
L. F. Smith. «f Santa Clara warmly in
doK>«<* the reso'ution. He asserted tha:
the only issue that had led the Republican
party to victory was that of the tariff, and^
so long as Populists continued to dodga
the main Issue, which was the tariff, the
party could never succeed.
J. L. Diyden of San Diego declared thai
_ MEW; TO-PAT.
Four little boys from town are we,
Full of tbe dickens and fan, he he I
Don't believe a thing we cannot see,
Etc., etc
There's a point! Take religion on faith,
but keep your eyes open when you bur
clothes.
If all printed bargains existed "in
the flesh" the whole town would wear
Sunday clothes«all the time. Our printer's
ink has good backing.
Latest Parisian and English creations
in blue and tan Sailor Snits— Bedford cord
material, serges, cheviots and washable
stuffs.
Middy Suits, -with extra detachable col-
lars.
Imported Beef era . . .....
Prices as low as others ask for cheap
goods. »
Domestic Fabrics —
Sailor Suits, new shades in woolen and
washable goods $1 00
Zouave Suits, neat little beauties,
extra low at -. $1 50
The nobbiest of nobby Reefer Suits
$2 60
Odd Sailor Pants, short or long.
Illustrated Catalogue and samples free.
Quick and careful with mail orders.
t
<vk fcRS FAIL
DOCTOR SWEANY?
WELL KNOWN BY HIS LONG RESl-
dence and successful practice on the
Pacific Coast, guarantees a prompt and
perfect cure of every case he undertakes.
Thousands of genuine testimonials on tile
in his private office. Poor treated free on
Friday afternoons.
NERVOUS DEBILITY, weakness of sex-
ual organs, los manhood, night emissions, ex.
haus ting drains which unfit one for study, busi-
ness or marriage, treated with unfailing suc-
cess. Get cured and be a man.
PRIVATE, Urinary and kidney ailments,
sexual diseases of every tort, blood, skin and
constitutional diseases, rupture, piles, varico
cele and hydrocele quickly cured without pain
or detention from business.
WRITE 1 1 once if living out of the city.
Thousands cured at home. Book on Special
Diseases sent free.
. Office hours— a. St. to 12 m. ; 2 to 5 and 7to
8 p.m. Sunday, 10 a. m. to 12 M. only.
F. T,. SWEANT, M.D.,
787 Market Street, 8. X.. C»l.
HIGHEST GRADE .
FAIREST PRICE A
EASIEST TERMS
$5 $2
First Pay't P«rWe«k
Catalog and Application Blank free
The offer applies only to residents of 9aii
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and Alamed*.
Oakland Agency
17th St. * San Pablo Avc, Rellanc. Bide.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINGS
§Jw WPRIVATE DISPENSARY.
CPECIALTY-DISKASES OF MEN, IKCLUD.
£3 1 ii? nil forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous I)i«>
e*sps of » private nature. Over 20 year* 1 experience.
Book sent free. ■ l'atlents cured at Home. Term*
reasonable. Office Hoars. 9 to 3 dally: 6:30 to 8:30 ,
eveniKicn, Bun<iuys, 10 to 12. . Consultation Ireeaad
sacredly confidential, Call or address
P. ItOM'OK McJfULTT, 91. D., '
*«'* Eearny Street, Mam lrann»<-«. Cal.
nniICUPO FOR BAKBF.RM, 15 AK-
RKIINHI"S en < bootblacks, bath-
n■■ Vw llbw houses, ' billiard -tables,
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, catnera,
dyers, Courmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories, B'.abl*-
men. tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc
„ -BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush aiannfi»cturarg.oo9Hacr»inento3>»
NOTARY PUBLIC. S
pHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market at,, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 57a Besldeaos luii'J
, lellw. Telephone, "Pine" 2691. j ""tbe tariff issue had been forced upon the
People's party.
"The Populists," he continued, "were
not to decide the question of high or low
tariff; that was the issue between the
Democratic and Republican parties. All
we propose to do is to stand where they
stand; that a tariff is necessary to sustain
the Government; but we shall leave the
question of high or low to them."
The father of the resolution then again
took up the defense of the plank. He as
serted that it was primarily intended as a
device to get the tariff out of the way
without trouble and discussion, so as to
better brin# the great and, as he termed
it, the prime question of finance before
the people.
"The point," he exclaimed, "is how
shall we best put ourselves in a position to
make this financial question the para
mount one and where we shall not be
both.reil with it at all. No one doubts
that the financial question is the 6ole is-
Mie and that the tariff is simply a fraud
and a blind to thwart the efforts of the
PopuKsts."
Mr: Murphy moved that the clause re
ferring to the tariff tribunal be stricken
out. On rollcall the motion was lost by a
vote of 7 ayeß to 14 noes.
The resolution was then adopted and
this action was greeted with enthusiastic
applause.
Judge Dillon took the floor and stated
he had a plank to offer, the first on Btate
matters, which he hoped would not be
hoodooed because it was in his hands.
He then read the following on woman
suffrage:
'•We demand the enfranchisement of
women upon the same terms now enjoyed
by men, and to that end pledge our votes
and most earnest efforts to procure the
adoption by the people of this State at the
next general election of the eleventh
amendment to the constitution."
This was promptly adopted.
Cator was to the* front again with the
following economic and drastic measure:
"We d-nand that salaries of tmolic offi
cials, which in many instances remain as
high as in times of prosperity, shall be re
duced in the proportion that prices of
products and property have fallen. We
promise to conduct the government of this
State efficiently upon a tax of 50 cents
uji n the ?100, and we condemn both Re
publican and Democratic administrations
in this State for having broken their plat
form pledges in this respect, and for an ex
travagunce whereby almost as much
money is levied to carry on the affairs of
this State as is levied to "conduct the State
government of New York."
Judge Dillon suggested that the resolu
tion include a demand that county offices
be consolidated wherever practicable. The
suggestion was accepted by Mr. Cator, and
the resolution as amended was adopted.
N. J. Manson declared it was time to get
at the Supreme Court of the United States
and then offered the following revolution
ary resolution:
Whereas, Thomas Jefferson held the view
that the whole people alone were the sole de
positors of the ultimate powers of society and
that wah the corruptions of time aud party a
non-eleeiive aud life-tenure judiciary, with
power 10 declare void the laws of the paople,
must inevitably result in despotism; therefore,
be it
Resolved, That an amendment, to be known
as amendment 16 (XVI), be added to the con
stitution of the United States, which shall
piainly declare that neither the judiciary of
the United States nor any State shall have the
power to declare any law of Congress to be un
rn:is!itn;ional and void, but such law shall be
subject only to the challenge and veto of the
wh..le people hi accordance with the refer
endum or referring to the people's principle.
Cator seconded the reso ution in an elo
quent address, declaring that the poor
man had to accept the Justice of the
I'eace as his final arbiter, while the pluto
crat in order to knock out the income tax
couid evade the will of the people by ap
peaiing to the few Justices ol the Supreme
Court of the United States.
Dryden compared the Supreme Court to
the Parliament of Loui^ XVI. which made
such laws as the King desired and then
enforced them. It was this, he asserted,
that brought on the reign of terror. In
concluding he said :
"It is time, when 11 is Known that a man
gave $50,000 to the campaign fund with the
understanding that he was to go upon the
tiupwme bench, for us to have a change in
the manner of selecting the Justices of the
Supreme Court of the United States."
Judge Dillon pleaded for respect to the
courts of the country.
Waterhouse of Fresno declared he would
render respect to the courts as they de
served, and not one whit more. He re
ferred to what he denounced as the trial of
Eugene V. Debs by injunction, the annul
ling of the income tax and the action of
the Supreme Court in recently reversing
its own decision, and added:
"I want now to enter our protest against
the court which attempts to do away with
Congre-s and makes that Congress noth
ing more than a delusion, a snare and a
fraud upon tbf> people."
Mr. Welch introduced the following as a
substitute:
"We view with apprehension the en
croachments of the Federal judiciary upon
the liberties of the people as evidenced by
the decisions in the recent contempt and
income-tax cases, and are in favor of an
amendment to the National constitution
prohibiting that tribunal or any other
court from annulling any congressional
ecu"
Further disenssion resulted in the
adoption of the Weich substitute.
B. G. Haskeil introduced the following:
• Resolved, That we condemn the dishonest
action of such Assessors in this State as habitu
ally and corruptly underestimate the values
of the banks, corporations and wealthy classes
01 the commonwealth.
Resolved, That we pledge the People's party
to nominate Assessors who will obey the law,
observe their oaths and assess such properties
in the manner required by the constitution.
We furthermore protest against the collec
tion of the poor man's taxes on personal prop
erty in this State by force," levy and sale with
out process of court; and we pledge ourselves
to repeal the iniquitous statute that permits it,
at tne next meeting of the Legislature.
This was adopted and Mr. Cator then
presented the following:
We invor good roads. The People's party is
pre-eminently the party of public improve
ments, and were its financial demands in
operation ail roads would be made good.
The fcilowing additional resolutions
were adopted :
We favor the support of the free public
school system and oppose public moneys being
uved for any sectarian school.
Kesolved. That we iavor n union of reform
forces at St. Louis on July 22, provided tbat it
can be beneficially effected without tne sacri
fice of the principles of the People's party; we
oppose any proceedings by which the People's
party convention shall sit with or join any
other convention or admit any but the dele
gates elected by the People's Party's National
Convention.
We condemn the legislation of the Govern
ment that permits a vasturmyof its citizens
to beg hopelessly for employment while public
highways and public works are parceled out to
favorite contractors. We demund that all pub
lic work shall be carried on without the inter
vention of contracts, under skilled superin
tendents, and that preference be given in all
buch work to our unemployed citizens.
We favor homes as the true foundation of a
free and happy people, and we further favor an
amendment "to the constitution exempting
property of each head of a family in this State
to the exUnt of $500 from taxation; and we
favor a graduated tax upon land, whereby the
tax ratio of tax shall increase, as the value of
land is greater In a single hand, to the end
that great estates in land may be broken up
and that land monopoly may be destroyed.
On motion of Mr. Welch, Judge Dillon
and Mr. Cator were appointed a committee
to draft a money plank, which is to be pre
sented 10 the main committee at its session
in the morning. Tne sub-committee ap
pointod by the committee on resolutions
to draft a money plank reported as follows :
We are In favor of sound money, and define
the same to consist of gold and silver and the
United Slates notes, full legal tender for a:l
debts, private and public, issued by the Gen
eral Government, without the intervention of
milking corporations, and in volume soffi
lent to transact the business of the country
«n a cash basis, and demand the restoration
•f silver to the place it occupied before the de
toonetizatiou act of 1873.
TAXING THE PARTY.
leaolutiona to Provide for a Suitable
Means of Collecting Needed
Kevenue.
SACRAMENTO. Cal., May 12.— The
following has been prepared by a delegate
of a financial turn of mind and will be in
troduced to-morrow:
Whereas, It is conceded that all party or
ganization is based on methods of intrigue
and indirection; and whereaß, that for the
purposes oi developing a higher type of man
hood and a more equitable administration of
government it is primarily essential to a
Government for and by the people that
they be invited, and that the avenues of
approach to the halls of convention be
cleared of all possible obstruction; and
whereas, platforms are promulgated by the
parties for the purpose of placating the people,
and, in view of the lack of party integrity
their pledges are not kept; and whereas,
wealth and opulence and corporate power tax
themselves and thereby control primaries,
and the octopus, unlawfully and with a view to
bribe, distributes pusses to their delegates, and
whereas, the patronage of the parties is prosti
tuted and subordinate offices of trust are given
to other than members of the party to whom
the people have intrusted the reins of govern
ment; and whereas, it being apparent that we
cannot hope for representation without taxa
tion ; therefore be it
Resolved, That this convention appoint a
committee on revenue and taxation, and that
they report a scheme of party finance to equal
ize the exercise of the political power of ihe
people, and recommend a system of mileage by
h uniform system of taxation throughout the
membership of this party throughoat the
Slate.
THE CENTRAL COMMITTEE.
Its Labors Concluded by the Selection
'j-^'L of Officers and tb« Proper
Committees.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 15.— Tbe
State Central Committee concluded its
labors shortly before midnight and se
lected Chairman Wardall, Secretary Bush
and J. E. Camp treasurer.
The following were recommended as an
auditing committee: J. S. Dore, J. V.
Webster, H. A. Mason, J. M. Moore and
C. H. Johnson.
The following executive committee was
appointed: J. S. Dore of Fresno, J. D.
Thompson of San Francisco, G. D. Gilles
pie of San Francisco, H. A. Mason of
Santa Clara, J. V. Webster of San Luis
Obispo, G. M. Moore of Alameda, J. W.
Keegan of Sonoma, F. Houghton of Te
hama, C. H. Castle of Merced, H. J. Ring
of Humboldt, M. E. Dittmar of Shasta and
C. H. Johnson of San Francisco.
SUPPORTS THE SYSTEM
Chairman Barlow Tells of the Advan-
tages Derived From ttie Medium
of Kxchange.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 12.—Chair
man Charles A. Barlow of San Luis Obispo
iB one of the most enthusiastic supporters
of the Di Bernardi labor exchange system.
He is employed in the Farmers' Alliance
flouring-mill of San Luis Obispo, and all
the product of the mill is disposed of
through the labor exchange.
"I was one of the strongest opponents to
the idea when it was first broached in our
neighborhood," he said yesterday; "but
its results from the very start were so
satisfactory that all my objections and
j>rpiu(iicpf quickly disappeared.
"Our exchange at Arroyo Grande started
nine monilisago with $04. ■ To-day it does
a business of about $7;>u a month and has
a reserve fund or stock of goods worth $75tf.
"But the suecees of the movement at
San Luis Otdspo was much greater. The
labor exchange there was opened two and
a half months ago with about $400. Its
business last month amounted to $160*),
and we shipped two carloads of flour out
of the town.
"We make it a point to encourage all
co-operative enterprises, but decline to
handle any of the product of the flour
milling trust."
"In what way does the producer derive
greater benefit from this system than un
der the more treneral one used by the
world in which money is the medium of
exchange?" was a.sked.
Tnis brought forth a clear and full eluci
dation of tbe scheme in these words:
"In disposing of his produce to the ex
change the rancher is aJlowed the whole
sale price, as shown by the current market
reports; in making his purchases or tak
ine other goods in exchange for those he
has broueht to the exchange he is charged
the retail price. The margin of profit that
results goes to pay the expenses of run
ning the exchange and of adding to the
stocky of the exchange.
Ml" When we have accumulated all the
stock that we deem necessary then the
price of the goorls sold to the members of
the exchange will be reduced so ns to leave
only enough profit to return running ex
penses.
"We can thus never get into debt acd
the producer pets the hiphest possible re
turns for his wheat, beans, chickens, etc.,
as he is brought almost into direct con
tact with the consumer.
"On depositing produce with the ex
change a certificate for the wholesale
market price of the goods so deposited is
issued to the owner, and this certificate of
value (expressed in dollars and cents) is
receivable for anything in the stock of the
exchange.
"Accumulated wealth is represented by
these certificates of value, which are con
vertible into coin at the option of the ex
change, not the holder — just the con
trary rule, you will observe, that prevails
in the present financial policy of the
Government.
"Where an individual is desirous of ob
taining cash for his goods we sell it for
him in the open market, shipping to such
points as promise the best returns, and
charge him a small commission."s sion."
TIRED OF DEMOCRATS.
G. M. Button of Colusa Relates Kxperi-
ences That Caused Him to Be-
come a PopulUt.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 12.— G. M.
Bntton of Colusa, though a Populist for
but four years, is thoroughly wedded to the
cause, having been driven from the Demo
cratic ranks by the adoption of the Na
tional platform of that party at Chicago in
1892.
"At that time," said Mr. Sutton, refer
ring to the date of his political change of
heart, "I had $5000 over and above my cur
rent needs, part in cash ana part in prop
erty, outside of my eighty-acre ranch.
Since that time I have gradually gone be
hind, though I have no bad or expensive
habits, and I now do not spend two bits
unless I find it absolutely necessary.
"I am trying to educate my children as
a %vhite man oueht to and thought that by
th is time I would be able to move with my
family to a good school town. Instead we
all have to stick to the farm in order to
.hold our own. Myself, my wife and our
children all have to put our shoulders to
the wheel again."
Then in a restrospective strain and with
a view toward showing how disastrously
the Cleveland administration had affected
vis interests, he continued:
"I came across the plains to Colusa in
1859 with $7 75 in my pocket and made
steady increase in my affairs till the Cleve
land regime came in. Since ihen matters
have been getting worse for me and for all
my neigubors. Not only lias the value of
land depreciated, but the prices of all
products have fallen. No more Cleveland
ism for me, and I am congratulating my
self that I had the foresipht to see the
evils in that Democratic platform of 1892
and to withdraw from that party at that
time."
The first lively discussion took place and
the first Populist veil was heard during
the discussion which followed after recess
as to the Apportionment of delegates to
the National Convention.
The chairman provoked another yell
and a pattering of hands by his suggestion
that when a question was all one way it
was simply folly to waste time "in blow
ing off so much gas."
J. A. Johnson of San Francisco became
"immensely" popular when he announced
that the San Francisco delegation was in
favor of giving equal rfghts to the interior
counties. It was decided that the basis of
representation in the National Convention
should be five delegates from each Con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
gressional district and four from the State
at large.
The coayentfon then took a rcceao until
4 p. m.
MRS. CATOR'S VIEWS.
Believes In Woman Suffrage, Economy
and th« Free Coinage of
Silver.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 12.— Mrs. T.
V. Cator, the winsome wife of the gentle
man who is to be' the Populist Senatorial
candidate, is one of the two women dele
gates to the convention.
She arrived last evening in company
with the woman-suffrage delegation from
San Francisco and is the only woman dele
gate present, the other lady Populist, who
was eie cted from Los Angeles, being pre
vented from attending by illness. Mrs.
Cator thus clearly and concisely states her
position in politics:
"I have taken a great interest in study
ing economic questions, and I have
reached the conclusion that the Omaha
platform is a correct statement of prin
ciples. I did not desire to be a delegate to
the convention, but as I was elected I
have attended. I wished to resign, but so
many have asked me to accept that I
finally concluded to do so, and here I am.
I have done little work for woman suf
frage, but I think it is just.
"I consider free coinage of silver right,
and that it is very unjust to grant the
rights of free coinage to gold and deny it
to silver, because that depreciates prices
and makes money scarce, and thereby im
poverishes the debtor and turns all
property to the money-lending class, bat I
further believe that all money should be
issued by the Government, and be a full
legal tender for all debts."
WARNING FROM SUTRO.
The Mayor Asks the Pamare of a Rous
ing Anti-Funding: Flank by the
Convention.
Mayor Sutro sent the appended telegram
to Sacramento yesterday :
: /; ■'.:* ■':■■■ San Francisco. May 12.
To the Populist Convention, care of Judge E. M.
Gibson, Sacramento, Cal.: The funding bill is
apparently In its death throes; do not permit
that to lull you into a feeling of security.
The midnight hours of an expiring Congress
are fraught with danger, and the octopus
lobby, always wide awake, will ever be on the
alert, while the friends of the people, worn
out by the struggle, may be absent in the
early morning hours of danger.
Pass a rousing anti-fundintr plank that will
expose the criminals engaged in this nefarious
work, which, if accomplished, will herald the
beginning of the downfall of the Republic
Success to your good work of reform.
! .; : Adolph StTKO, Mayor.
THE NEWS FROM HAWAII
Mauna Loa in Active Eruption
and Belching Forth Floods
of Fire.
But a Greater Menace to Public Secu
rity Is the Volcanic Japanese
Element.
HONOLULU, Hawaii, May 6.— Several
of the excursionists to the Manua Loa
eruption returned here this morning,
having made a successful ascent to the
scene of action, spending the night of the
29th on the brink of the great caldron. No
outbreak has occurred on the outside of
the mountain. The immense output of
lava is expended toward filling the in
terior of the pit, four square miles in area.
It was estimated that half that space had
been covered 30 feet in depth. An open
fire-lake existed of 900 feet by 1400, as
measured by Dodge. In this lake many
fountains of lava were playing. The
largest fountain was 150 feet in diameter
and 250 feet hi'-h, in constant but some
what varying action, with terrific roar.
The statement sent May 1, that Kilanea
had resumed action, proves to have been
inaccurate. Only dense clouds of vapor
are seen in tbe pit.
Damon's refunding bill sustains repeat
ed defeats in the Senate. It is considered
certain that no such measure will pass
proposing the sale of 4 per cent bonds at
85 per cent. It is learned that Minister
Damon's three colleagues do not favor his
measure.
The bill for a new loan of $750,000 for
public improvemtnts is making d ogress.
Leading men express the confident
opinion that such bonds at 5 per cent will
sell readily at par in Honolulu. No bonds
have hitherto sold at less than 6 per cent,
but heavy sugar dividends are making
money plentiful.
Of late this Government has felt meas
urably relieved from its recent serious
apprehensions of interference from Japan
with a view of establishing authority over
Hawaii with the aid of her 25,000 tubjects
already located here.
Such views appear to have been not long
ago entertained by Japan, but Ita pres
ent severe complications with Russia and
embarrassments with Korea and Formosa
have latterly led that Government to con
fine its attention to affairs nearer home.
Much uneasiness is still felt on account of
this large Japanese population in Hawaii,
comprising a larger number of males than
any other nationality here, the native
Hawaiian* not excepted. Such an ele
ment might prove formidable, if well or
ganized, against the Government, consid
ering the well -proved political and
military ability of the Japanese. No pres
ent apprehensions, however, of any such
trouble appear to be called for.
A very great and important security
against such dangers will have been cre
ated whenever cable communication shall
have been established with the United
States enabling indications of trouble to
be promptly reported to our protecting
power.
In an interview this afternoon with W.
R. Castle, ex-Minister at \Vashington, Mr.
Castle said with emphasis: "I consider
the Japanese question altogether the most
menacing one before this Government.
This large Japanese population is restless',
uncertain in temper, and iiable at any
time to break out in impossible demands
and disorderly action. In case of any
such disturbance, our dealing with them
is liable to be displeasing to their Govern
ment and to lead to demands for redress.
Such demands are liable to result in per
emptory occupation of the islands by
Japan. We certainly need on this account
the earliest possible cable connection with
the United States."
A standing grievance with the Japanese
in Hawaii is that they are without the
voting franchise. This is liable to lead to
trouble, but to give them votes would be
extremely dangerous.
Jtuatia Taken I'osseition.
LONDON, Eva., May 12.-A dispatch
from Shanghai to a news agency says that
the Russians, through the medium of an
American agent named Smith, have taken
possession of the disputed territory of
Chefoo, over which the British maintain
claims. The dispatch says that six
Russian and four United States var vessels
are lying at Chefoo.
The J'trlctun Trial.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 12.— 1n the
Jackson trial at 1 Newport Colonel L. J.
Crawford occupied the entire day in his
speech in defense of the alleged murderer
of Pearl Bryan.
\- -♦- -
Shoe Manufacturers Fail.
AMESBURG, Mass., May 12.-Adams <fe
Pettingill, shoe manufacturers, have as
signed. Liabilities about $125,000; assets
not known.
SAN PEDRO OR
SANTA MONICA?
Senators Leave the Dispute
to a Board of Five
Examiners.
TERMS OF COMPROMISE.
Report of the Majority to the
Secretary of War to Be
Final.
PROVISIONS FOR CONTRACTS,
Not More Than $2,900,000 Shall Be
Expended, Whichever Location
Is Selected.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 12.— The
California Senators distinguished them
selves to-day. White and Perkins made
vigorous speeches in opposition to the
Santa Monica appropriation. The result
of all this discussion is a "dog-fall."
Frye's compromise amendment, as re
ported in the press dispatches, is satis
factory to the California Senators, who
believe that the stubborn fight against the
power of millions of dollars has ended in
victory for the people. A board is to de
cide.
In the Senate this morning when the
river and harbor bill was taken up, Frye,
chairman of the Committee on Commerce,
continued his argument in support of the
committee amendment favoring Santa
Monica as the location of the deep-sea har
bor in Southern California.
White of California, a member of the
Committee on Commerce, argued against
the amendment. He asked where
the figure $3,098,000, fixed in the amend
ment for tbe improvement of Santa
Monica harbor, had been obtained. Frye
said that it had been obtained from Mr.
Hood, chief engineer of the Southern
Pacific, but that ail the details were on
tile in the office of the engineer corps in
Washington.
Frye begun to quote from Mr. Hunting
ton's testimony before the committee. He
spoke of him as the "individual ' referred
to by White, and as "the man of greed"
referred to by Berry (D.) of Arkansas.
"He is not," said Frye, "bulling the
stock martlets nor bearing them, nor 'cor
nering' wheat or flour, but he is engaged
in enormous enterprises, the results of
which have built up the commerce of this
republic, and in all his enterprises he is
successful. So if he be an 'individual' or
if he be 'greedy,' the reasons which induce
him to change from San Pedro to Santa
Monica are worthy of the consideration of
the name."
Frye quoted from the statements of Mr.
Huntington, ex-Senator Cole and Mr.
Corthell, civil engineer, as to the advan
tages which Santa Monica possesses over
San Pedro. Referring to the wishes of the
people of Los Angeles, he said they did
not enter into the case. The ship-owners
of Spain had far more interest in it than
the people of Los Angeles, who thought
one way one day on the subject and an
other way the next; who one year had a
plank in their Congressional convention
in favor of San Pedro and the next year
one in favor of Santa Monica.
Frye also quoted from the report of Col
onel Mendell of the coipsof engineers,
dated November 1, 1882, in which the bay
of Santa Monica is described, with the
statement tbat if the southwest waves
were cut off, as they could be by a break
water judiciously located, it would make
a harbor that might have any desired ca
pacity. At tbat time Los Angeles had a
population of 8000 or 10,000 (now 100,000)
and had no commerce, and consequently
Colonel Mendell did not recommend an
appropriation for it.
Frye also quoted from a like favorable
statement of Lieutenant Taylor of the
Pacific Coast Survey and read a letter to
himself from General Miles of May 9, 1894,
who bad had his headquarters for two
years at Los Angeles and who spoke of
Santa Monica as a place of National im
portance, which would undoubtedly be
the principal port of the entire Southern
Pacific Coast.
in conclusion Frye said: "We have had
this fight for years. We wish to be divest
ed of it, never to hear of it again, and I
hope for the reasons given the Senate will
vote down the amendment offered by the
Senator from California (White), will
agree to the amendment reported by the
committee, and that this contest shall' be
ended."
Perkins (R.) of California spoke in advo
cacy of the amendment offered by his col
league. He resented the representations
of Senators Vest and Frye against Mr.
Huntington, "the bogy man of Califor
nia," and said they were a vile slander
against the good name and fame of the
people of California. They had no preju
dices against Mr. Huntington and the
other leading officers of the Southern Pa
cific Railroad, and they had eiven proof of
that in the election of Mr. Stanford to the
Governorship of the State and twice to the
United States Senate, and in the choice at
the recent State Republican Convention
there of a vice-president of that com pan v
as a delegate-at-large to the Republican
National Convention, and who would be
elected a Presidential elector of the United
States.
As to the change of location of the
Southern Pacific Company, Perkins gave
this explanation of it: that the company
in landing 20,000 tons of coal a day for its
great railroad system had had to pay a
dollar a ton lighterage at Santa Monica
ana that by using its great wharf there it
saved that large outluy for lighterage, so
that the building of the wharf was a wise
business enterprise, not an experiment.
"The Senator from Maine said, referring
to some remarks which had been made by
my distinguished colleague (Mr. White):
'This savors of the slogan of the sand
lots of the Golden Gate where the nam e of
Huntington is conjured with to frighten
babies and is xmed by demagogues to make
weak-kneed politicians tremble.'
''Mr. President, I dislike exceedingly to
refer on this floor to any gentleman who
is not a member of this body, I dislike
exceedingly to refer to any one who is not
here to speak and answer for himself; but
I say that that charge is a libel upon the
fair name of the good people of
California, and I should be false
to those I represent if I permitted
tbe charge of the Senator to pass un
challenged. The people of California have
no prejudices against Mr. Huntington or
his assistants. I know nothing against
Huntington to his discredit, unless it be
his own testimony before a Congressional
committee and certain letters which it is
alleged he wrote to an assistant on the
board of directors of a company with
which he was connected. I have no feel
ing of personal animosity or jealousy or
envy toward him. I admire him for his
enterprise, for his pluck, for his energy. I
admire him for what he has accomplished
in his life.
" I knew him many years ago in Cali
fornia, when he was an honored and re
spected merchant in that State. He left
us to come East many years ago, and I do
not Know much of him except through
general reports since that time. But I re
pel the charge that tee people of California
seek office by disclaiming against him or
his assistance and by advocating that
which he desires or opposes. The people
of California, .in city and ooootry and
State, gave most liberally toward building
ti>e first transcontinental railroad. They
were in sympathy with the promoters, be
cause the latter w«re with the people at
that time, and if to-day our people ccn T
sure them it is because tboy believe that
they have not been true to their trust, but
have forgotten the common interests and
common bond which unite their interests
witii the interests of California.
"If they are censured it is because they
use their great power sometimes to thwart
the wishes and desires of the people; but
that the name of Mr. Huntington is used
to influence acts of public men in Califor
nia is untrue. I repeat it is a vile slander
against the good name and fame of the
people of California.
"Only last week a great State Conven
tion met in California. There were in that
convention representatives from every
town and county in the State. They as
sembled at the capital, and among the star
resolutions they passed was one denounc
ing what is known as the railroad funding
bill. But to s!»ow that they had no preju
dice against individual members of that
company except only as to their action in
a corporate sense, they nominated lor Pres
idential elector the vice-president of that
railroad company, and as sure as the sun
risen and sets on election-day in November
next he will be elected a Presidential
elector of the United States."
White (D.) of California rose to follow
his colleague.
Frye said the bill must be voted on to
day if the Senate expected to have any
river and harbor bill this session.
Aldrich (R,) of Illinois— Why not vote
now ? .
"Not yet," White curtly remarked.
Vest said nobody had attacked the peo
ple of California. He had simply re
marked that Mr. Huntington seemed to
be the i«sue and the great political factor
in that State. That was so much the case
that one gentleman who appeared before
the Committee on Commerce (an ex-Judge
of the Superior Court) had decided that
rather than make any compro
mise with Huntington or any con
cession to the Huntincton influence
he would expiate himself and cease to be
a citizen, and any man who would assert
that Huntington was not a burning issue
in that State had a hardihood which he
(Vest) did not envy and could not appre
ciate-
In that connection Frye read at extract
from a leading California newspaper,
abusing the members of the Committee
on Commerce who favored what it called
the Santa Monica "steal," and declaring
that their names had the suggestive sound
of a burglar-alarm.
"That is certainly," said Vest, "a vit
riolic utterance. The only surprise I ex
perience is that my name is not mentioned
in it. It is the first time I have escaped
when a charere of burglary or any other
crime has been made."
"They had not heard," said Frye, "that
you had made a speech declaring that Mr.
Huntington was entitled to the rights of a
civiliz d man. If they had heard it your
name would have been in the list.''
Vest soon drifted away in the San Pedro
and Santa Monica controversy into a dis
cussion as to the Eads jetty system at the
mouths of the Mississippi — this discussion
having for its foundation a newspaper in
terview (unfavorable to that system) with
Major Quinn of the engineering sorps.
White repudiated the insinuations of
Frye that there was anything of the "sand
lots" agitation on his (White's) side of the
controversy. The people of California, he
said, were just as law-abiding and as fully
competent to take care of their affairs as
were the constituents of the Senator from
Maine. He denied they were animated by
any sentiments that were not honorable
and manly. He (White) did not regard
the soil on which Mr. Huntington stood as
sacred, but he had uttered no unbecoming
word against him.
White spoke in playful ridicule of Frye's
pretensions to decide, after a survey of two
mornings, which was the better location for
the deep-sea harbor of California. The
fact was. he said, that Santa Monica was
an absolutely unprotected roadbed, with
hardly anything of the bay about it.
In the course of White's speech, he
referred to the eccentiicities of the late
Republican convention of California,
which l.ad resolutions condemning tne
Pacific Railroad funding bill, and had
then chosen as one of the delegates at large
a vice-president of the Southern Pacific,
and as a delegate the representative from
toe State, who, as a member of the Pacific
Railroad committee, had voted for the
funding bill.
The debate had gone on since Friday
last to the exclusion of almost every other
subject, and when it closed after four
hours' discussion to-day an amendment
was offered by the chairman of the Com
mittee on Commerce — Frye of Maine, an
advocate of Santa Monica — and was ac
cepted by Senators White of California,
Vest of Missouri, Pasco of Florida and
the other minority members of the com
mittee, and agreed to by the Senate with
out division.
As the matter now stands, the Senate
amendment provides for a board, consist
ing of an officer of the navy, to be de
tailed by the Secretary of tbe Navy; an
officer of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, to
be detailed by the superintendent of the
survey, and three civil engineers skilled in
riparian work, to be appointed by the
President of the United States, to examine
the two harbors, the report of the majority
to be final. And it is provided that when
ever the board shall have settled the loca
tion and made its report to the Secretary
of War, the Secretary of War shall make
contracts for the completion of the harbor
as selected by tbe board, according to the
project reported by it, at a cost not exceed
ing in the agcregate f_\9oo,ooo.
After that question was thus disposed
of, an amendment was offered by Gorman
of Maryland, limiting the annual expendi
ture under this and former river and
harbor bills to $10,000,000. A motion to
lav that amendment on the table, made
by Vest, was defeated— ayes 26, noes 31 —
and then the Senate at 6:30 o'clock ad
journed until to-morrow, witn the under
standing that a vote shall be taken on the
bill and amendments at 3 p. m. to-morrow.
The Independent Labor party of Eng
land raised £7000 for electioneering pur
poses last year, spending every penny
without gaining a single seat or retaining
the one it held.
WEYLER IS NOT
READY TO QUIT
Denies That He and His
Generals Are About
to Resign.
CASES OF FILIBUSTERS.
Findings of the Court-Martial Are
Mailed to Spain for
Review.
CONFISCATE THE COMPETITOR
One More Patriot, Convicted of the
Crime of Rebellion, Shot
at Matanzas.
HAVANA. Cuba, May 12.— General
Weyler authorizes the statement that the
roceedings of the court-martial in the
case of Milton and others captured on the
filibuster Competitor were forwarded to
Madrid for the action of the Government,
by the mail steamer leaving Havana May
10. General Weyler also states that all
rumors that he or any of his generals have
threatened to resign if the sentence of the
court-martial in this case should be modi
fied are utterly untrue.
The findings of the conrt-martial before
which was tried the five men who were
captured on the filibustering American
schooner Competitor were published to
day for the first time. As already cabled,
all of tbe accused men were convicted and
sentenced to death. It has been ordered
that proceedings be instituted for the con
fiscation of the Competitor.
Florentine Herrera, convicted of the
crime of rebellion, was shot at Matanzas
this morning.
It is rumored that Maximo Gomez with
a strong force of rebels has re-entered the
province of Matanzas. His vanguard is
said to be near the town of Baro.
MADRID, Spain, May 12.— Spain and
the United States have arrived at an ami
cable understanding, and the Competitor
prisoners will be allowed a fresh trial be
fore the ordinary court under the existing
treaties between Spain and the United
States.
OLNEY WAS ADVISED
It Would been* That His Protest Was Hot
' ' y«cen»ary.
WASHINGTON, d. C, May 12.— 1t is
asserted that when the official correspond
ence relating to the Competitor incident is
made public it will be found that the
action of the Spanish Cabinet in directing
that the proceedings of the court-martial
be forwarded to Madrid for revision, which
was announced yesterday, actually took
place last Friday, and thatMinisterHannis
Taylor promptly communicated the fact
to Secretary Olney.
If this prove true it places the Govern
ment in a curious position, as the protest
sent to Spain must have been received, if
at all, after news had been received that
Spain had voluntarily interfered in behalf
of the condemned men.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 12.— Army
officers become singularly reticent and de
cline to express themselves the instant a
crisis arises between the administration
and any foreign power, but enough was
gathered yestesday to show that those of
the army stationed at New York are not
at all uneasy at the prospect of a war with
Spain. One prominent officer freely dis
cussed the situation on condition that his
name would not be mentioned. He said:
"If we should go to war with Spain the
United States would have possession of
Cuba in a very few days. In fact, in my
judgment, it would not require any longer
time than was necessary for the fleet to
reach Havana with the necessary forces on
board. The Spanish army on the island
would be between two fires at once, and
they are having about all they wish to do
now to keep the Cuban forces out of Ha
vana. As for the Spanish naval force now
in Cuban waters, you, as well as any other
man, can see with half an eye that it
would not count for two hour 3 against the
fleet of Admiral Bunce. now assembling in
New York harbor.
"No, I do not think the war would be
carried on by this country beyond the con
fines of Cuba. However, that might de
pend upon the amount of indemnity we
would think sne was entitled to in case the
provisions of tne protocol were violated.
"If that protocol were stained in any
particular it might cost Spain dearly.
The only source of danger is that Spain
might take into her mind to bombard some
of our minor ports. With tbe forces at
command for offensive operations, every
body is quite as familiar as any army man.
In fact the number of volunteers would
only be limited by the call issued by the
President. We never have depended upon
a standing army, and we would not need
any in the case of Spain. Now, if it were
England, the case would be vastly dif
ferent."
A Herald special from Richmond, Va.,
says: General Fitzhugh will go to Wash
ington on Wednesday to receive his in
structions before departing for Cuba. He
will leave for Tampa, Fla., Friday or
NEW TO-DAY.
" The added pleasure of
riding a Columbia Bicy-
cle is worth every dollar
of theHOO a Columbia
costs/ & & <& <* & &
Think well of this.
H is a unanimous verdict.
STAMDURD OF THE WORLD
Art Catalogue of Columbia and Hartford
Bicycles is free if you call.
POPE MAiWACTURIXG COMPANY,
344. POST STREET.
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
1970 PAGE ST.. NEAR STAN VAN
Saturday, the date to be determined at
Washington. He expects to be iv Cuba
the first of next week.
The Recorder says this morning: An
other steamer is being titted out in this
country by Cuban patriots to follow the
Laurada, which left this port early Sunday
morning with a filibustering expedition
for Cuba. She will start in the next five
days. The Laurada was the first Cuban
filibuster whose men took uniforms with
them. Detectives have found out the tailor
who made the uniforms, a Spaniard. He
is making seventy-five more, which are to
be ready in the next four days. The fifty
one suits that the tailor made for the Lau
rada men were for Porto Ricans, with three
exceptions, one American and two Cu
bans. All the suits he is making now are
for Porto Ricans.
The steamer which is to take them to
Cuba is now somewhere off the Connecti
cut shore, taking aboard arms and ammu
nition. She will take ten Hotchkiss guns,
which were intended to go on the Laurada,
and which are destined for General Col
lazo's artillery division, and a large num
ber of rifles and ammunition.
Some of the Porto Ricans who will go
with the expedition are compositors em
ployed by a South American newspaper
near Park Row. Only last Sunday they
met in a photographic studio in Third
avenue, where their pictures in groups
were taken. Their plans were to go as
in the Laurada's case, in groups of four
or five, to a Brooklyn pier, take tugs there
waiting them and be transferred to the
stream in the sound, but aa tbe place of
rendezvous in Thrrd avenue has been ex
posed they were instructed to meet some
where in Harlem, but they will receive no
information as to the locality until the
last moment.
Besides this expedition, which will start
in five days, the Cubans will send out the
Magnetic which has been hired for $16,000
for two trips, and continue the prepara
tions for the fleet. The South Portland
and five other freight steamers will be
fitted out at Perth Amboy. N. J., and a
number of euns have been ordered from a
Broadway firm. This firm represents
Connecticut manufacturers, whose fac
tories are kept busy day and night filling
the orders for the Cubans. Large orders
for machetes have also been placed with a
large Water-street concern.
IN THE HOUSE.
Contested Election Case Conaumea Meat
of the Day.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12.— An
hour and a half was occupied after tbe
opening of to-day's session in disposing of
a motion made by Perkins (R.) of Con
necticut, chairman of the Committee on
Printing, to exclude from the permanent
record certain matters inserted by Wheeler
(D.) of Arizona, for which, it was asserted
by Perkins, he had received no permission.
Wheeler contended that he had a right to
insert the matter complained of, bu* the
House held otherwise, and by a vote of
144 to 75 the matter was ordered to be ex
cluded.
The remainder of the day was spent in
discussing the contested election cases of
Rinaker vs. Downing, from the Sixteenth
District of Illinois. The majority of the
Elections Committee No. 2 recommended
the unseating of Downing (D.).
The principal speech of the day was that
of Moody (R.) of Massachusetts, who
joined the minority in sustaining Down
ing's right to the seat — at least, until a re
count of all the votes, ordered by the
House, shall demonstrate that he is not
entitled to it.
The discussion will be resumed to-mor
row, the special order making private pen
sion bills the business of that session hav
ing been postponed until Thursday.
The House adjourned at 5:15 p. m.
__^ KEW TO-DAY.
"At
Sloane's"
FURNITURE COVERINGS.
50 IKHES WIDE.
SATIS RUSSE—
%llt per yard, regular 50c
DERBY TAPESTRY-
-65c per yard, regular 85c
SATIS BROCATi-LLE-
SI.6O per yard, regular $2.25
FIGURED CORDUROY, 27 inches wide—
75c per yard, regular $1.00
CARPET DEPARTMENT.
TAPESTRY BRUSSELS CARPET,
Best Made, 75c per yard, Sewed, Laid
and Lined.
CELEBRATED NAIRN LINOLEUM.
40c Per Square Yard, LAID, and Upward.
W. & J. SLOANE & CO.,
CARPETS, FURNITURE, UPHOLSTERY,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Waterbury §; |
WatCh Mills Bldg.
lompany ---- v
*■ ■ ■ • i x- */ And Novelties n *mA
Ip TT XL JL \jAJLLrvJ gjf
p| Special bargains in Ladies* ©
M Goods for the, entire week, p|
§ ending May 23 ®
TBESIJCCESSOF THE SEASON
Ti LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI./
OPJBN UMIJL MIDNIGHT,
34
SHALL HANFORD
WOMEN SWIM?
Opening of the New Baths
at Kings County's
Capital.
THE SEX ISSUE RAISED.
Lady Members of the Natatorial
Society Desire Equal
Privileges.
HOT A SERIOUS DISAGREEMENT
One of the Most Delightful Attractions
of Hanford the Center of
Discussion.
HANFORD, Cal., May 12.— Hanford is
agitated; not turbulently, but interest
edly agitated. Fair woman has caused
the pleasant ripple in Hanford's erstwhile
placid social life. Her right to swim in
the Hanford Natatorial Society's line new
swimming baths is the question of the
hour in this city. No one is losing any
sleep over the matter, no hatreds are en
gendered in the discussion, yet there is
keen interest shown in the question.
Shall there be a ladies' annex to the Nata
torial Society ? Shall there be a day, or
two of them, set apart for the exclusive
entertainment at the baths of tbe sex that
may not yet vote?
Shall there be certain hours each day
devoted to the lady batners? Shall women
be denied the baths entirely? These are
questions of the hour at Hanford, and
they elicit greater public interest in their
discussion than one who is not a dweller
near the shores of Lake Tulare would read
ily believe. Hanford is proud of her
public schools, of her handsome public
and business buildings, of her remarkable
deciduous fruit crop (even in this remark
able year of late frosts), of her citrus fruit
belt, of her thrift and enterprise, of her
climate, her social opportunities and her
commercial progress and successes — last,
but by no means least — of her recently
acquired swimming baths.
This is one of the proudest and most
delightful institutions of Hanford. It cost
a pile of money to build the big tank and
properly roof and wall it; and then the
lockers, equipments and the pure artesian
well water that flows perpetually through
it cost another modest pile of dollars.
Messrs. Robinson & Rollins furnished
most or all of the coin, and then, when all
was in running order, they wisely decided
to still further popularize their enterprise
by turning its management over to the
hands of a club or society that should be
composed of some of the best known and
most popular young people in Hanford.
Thus the Hanford Natatorial Society came
into being. This society leased the swim
ming baths by the year from Robinson <fc
Rollins, and about three weeks ago for
mally opened the baths by some speech
making, much music and enough refresh
ments to more than go around.
Now, at this time the sex problem never
presented itself to either the builders of
the baths or the lessees thereof.so that when
the full list of membership in the Hanford j
Natatorial Society was first made public
the names of not a few ladies were found
on the roll. This fact and the seeming ne
cessity of setting apart a certain day of
the week or certain hours of each day
when the ladies could have the baths to
themselves aroused all this discussion
that is now going on so keenly.
Many arguo that men and women should
be permitted to join the society on terms
of perfect equality. Others desire to es
tablish a ladies' annex to the club. Others
still — but these are not as strong in num
bers as in words — desire to have women
banished entirely from club membership,
and would even go bo far as to prohibit
them from the use of the baths at all
times. At the present time the full mem
bership of the society is as follows :
Will Abrams
"W. V. Buckner
y. I. Dodge
' B. a Gurned
C. 8. Hawland
Scott W. Heywood
M. A. Horn beck
W. J. Hndner .
A. K. Horlock
J. O. Hickman
H. T. Hendricki
J. Handley
Frank Hickman
£. Kan in z
A. J>. Kins
N. H. Liggett
James Munassee
K. Mills
W. H. P. Miller
R. W. .Mo strove
X S. Moore
H. McGlnnU
H. M. Noel
K. E. Monhelm
Frank Peacock
D. L.. Phillips
James 8. Robinson
Judd Smith
(>. ."-enspbaußh
If. K. Wright
A. Gree
William Lord
H. H. Noel
Just (an Jacobs
E. E. Bush
A. M. Ayers
M. Abrams
C. L. Bryan
W. H. Brown
J. W. Birkback
Vance Blddle
Charles Cameron
J. L. Cbaddock
C. B. Clark
C C. Chlldrets
J. Clan ton . . / '
L. s. Cnlttenden
Bay Clary
F. A. Dodge '
Dr. N. P. Duncan
F. V. Dewey
W. G. Foote
J. D. Fl»h v- •
A. L,Uates .
1). R. Cameron
}'.. B. Mcttinnis
P. McKae -
D. L. Newman
W. H. Perrott
K. L. Peacock
J. E. Hawlins
S. Rallsback
A. M. Squire :
N. Welsbaum
G. X. \\ endllng
F. sharpies
F. W. Kimball
A. M. Stone
Karl Ayern
Ernest, L. White
So much for the male members of tbe
society, their names being given first be
cause tbe list is longer and more imposing
to those who judge from numerical
strength alone. The lady members, how
ever, though by no means so strong in
numbers, are a determined and compact
little body, that has all the more strength
in the society from the fact that every
member of it is held in the highest esteem
by the larger body of members. Their
names are as follows:
Mrs. J. D. Fish
Mrs. A. Yell
Clara Bryant Heywood
M rs. F. Foster
Mrs. J. L. ChaJdock
Miss Kmily L. Docbee
Mrs. W. V. Buckner
Mrs. R.W. Musgrave
-Miss Carrie Wjr ruck
Mrs. A. E. Horlock
Miss Belle Wyruck
Miss Belle Jacobs
Mrs. J. O. Hlckmau
Mrs. A. M. s-qnlre
Misa Alice St. Root
Mrs. Emma L. Bush
Miss Nettie L. Helton
From one of the club members, who
makes no pretentions of knowing it all,
and yet who has a good deal of influence
in the councils of the society and a
thorough knowledge of all its members, it
is learned that the most probable outcome
of the whole matter will be that men and
women shall hereafter be admitted on
equal footing. Tbe dues of both sexes
will be tbe same, their responsibilities and
voting privileges tbe same.
At first the plan will be tried of setting
apart certain hours of the day in which
the ladies shall have exclusive use of the
baths. If this plan does not prove suc
cessful it is quite likely that all restrictions
as to sex will be removed and the baths
thrown open to all members at tbe usual
bathing hours. There is nothing im
modest in a proper bathing suit, it is
argued, and certainly nothing very at
tractive. The human form divine or de
formed never appears at its best in a loose
fitting, coarse woolen robe, and, least of
all, is it sex-attracting when dripping wet
or disporting in cold water. Tins is con
sidered to bo the common-sense view of
the matter, and this will probably be tbe
final outcome of the whole question.
A day each week, or possibly two of
them, will be set apart fonhe accommoda
tion of the general public at a nominal fee
for suits and towels. It is this latter de
termination of the society that has served
srreatjy to popularize the baths and make
all of Hanford interested in its discussions
and its welfare. Naturally, the entire
population cannot become members of the
society, but so long as the entire popula
tion can have the privileges of the baihs on
certain days, if not all the time, the wnole
community feels a sense of piideful pro
prietorship, and it is not the slightest ex
aggeration to say that Hanford is tremen
dously proud of the new swimming baths.
The tank covers an area, inside measure
ment, of 50x100, and has a depth of the
very clearest and most transparent clear
water, that varies from four feet to ten
feet. Of course, there are chutes and
springboards, and all those playful and
healthful appendages. That the new baths
will increase in popularity as the weather
grows more settled goes without saying.
SACRAMENTO SENSATION.
Ex-Mayor Gregory Arrested on a Charge
of Having Defrauded Mrs.
Bruce B. Lee.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 12.— Eugene
J. Gregory, ex-Mayor of this city, was ar
rested to-day on three complaints pre
ferred by Mrs. Bruce B. Lee, who accuses
him of obtaining personal property by
false and fraudulent pretenses.
The complaints charge that in January,
1893, he secured $6000; in May, 1894, $2000.
and in August, 1894, $1000. They are sim
ilarly worded, alleging that Gregory repre
sented that the copartnership and firm of
Gregory Bros. Co., then doing business in
Sacramento, was in good financial condi
tion and solvent; and Mary A. Lee, believ
ing his statements, was induced to deliver
to Gregory $6000. $2000 and $1000, in three
deposits. As a matter of fact, the plaint
itt declares, the Gregory Bros. Co. was
not in good financial condition, and was
not solvent.
It seems that the money was loaned to
Gregory Bros. Co. at various times before
their failure, and that Mrs. Lee appeared
in the insolvency proceedings as one of
the firm's heaviest creditors. The firm's
failure was almost total, and Mis. Lee
lost with the other creditors.
THE FORESTERS AT UKIAH
Insubordination Charges Against
Treasurer Henderson Are
Withdrawn.
DalegaUs Tendered a Reception at
the Opera-House by Citizens
at Night.
UKIAH, Cal., May 12.— The seventh
annual session of the High Court, Ancient
Order of Foresters, opened this morning
in Christian Church, William Cashman,
high chief ranger, presiding. One hun
dred and nineteen courts are represented
at the convention.
A telegram from S. McMullen, past high
chief ranger, stating his inability to be
present at the meeting and expressing his
regrets, was read.
Suspension of the regular order of busi
ness was ordered, and the matter of the
suspension of High Court Treasurer John
Henderson by the executive council for
insubordination was taken up. After con
siderable debate a motion to sustain the
action of the executive council was
adopted. It was then moved that Hender
son be reinstated treasurer of the High
Court, which motion prevailed. At the
evening session the charges against Hen
derson were withdiawn.
High Chief Ranger Cashman ap
pointed the followine committees for the
ensuing term:
Committee on relief and state of order—
T, B. McCarthy, S.J. Campbell and Charles F.
FTye.
Written and unwritten work— George 11. P.
Shaw. Frank Hogan and Dr. A. B. McGlll.
Mileage and per diem— Charles D. McClellan,
Dr. R. P. Chandler and M. O'Gara.
Finance— W. J. Locke, John F. Eckardt and
W. H. Eastman.
Next place of meeting— Davis, E. 8.
Johnson and G. 6. Graham.
Distribution— W.G.Thompson, F. L. Arlow
gast and Niels Anderson.
From the address of High Chief Ranger
Gasbman it appears that during the past
year twenty-two new courts were insti
tuted, and during the same period fifteen
courts were suspended for various reasons.
The delegates were tendered a reception
at the Opera-house this evening. An ad
dress of welcome was delivered by Mayor
T. L. Carothers. and the keys to the city
delivered by him to the visitors.
TRAGEDY HEAR GRIDLEY
Miss Sarah Haugh Ends Her
Life by Swallowing Fly
Poison.
Fights Against the Attempt of a
Physician to Give Her
Relief.
GRIDLEY, Cal., May 12.— Miss Sarah
Haugh, aged about 35 years, the eldest
daughter of John Haugh, a wealthy Sutler
County farmer, took her own life by poison
to-day under sad and mysterious circum
stances. No reason for the act is known
and the community is mystified.
The Hau;:h farm is Eituated four miles
from Gridley. At noon to-day the family
of five were at home. A cup of liquid
cobalt had been prepared for poisoning
flies. Without giving warning of her in
tention Miss Haugh took the cup, walked
a few feet from the porch, where her
brother was seated, and deliberately drank
the liquid. Then turning the cup toward
her brother, who thought she had taken
a drintt of water, she said :
"See, Matt, 1 have taken poison."
A physician was at once summoned from
Gridley and arrived an hour later. He
asked why she had taken the poison and
she replied that she did not know. Even
in her agony Miss Haugh fought against
attempted relief, and bit the tube of a
stomach-pump in two. Ah efforts on the
part of the physician was fruitless and the
unfortunate woman died at 5 o'clock.
PETALUMA TO CELEBRATE.
Arranging to Entertain Hundreds of
fiaiiora on the fourth.
PETALUMA. Cal., May 12.— l>etaluma,
not to be behindhand, is planning great
events for celebrating the glorious Fourth.
It expects to entertain hundreds of visit
ors, many to come from Healdsburg.
Among the features to be provided are a
grand parade, bicycle races and a ball.
An effort is being made to induce the
Corinthian Yacht Club of San Francisco
and the Encinal Yacht Club of Alameda
to cruise to Petaiuma on the Fourth, an
choring in McNear's Basin, a prize to be
offered for the best decorated yacht.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAT 13, 1896.
THE NEWS OF
LOS ANGELES
Annual Convention of the
Universalists of Cali
fornia.
MRS. BALLERINO'S SUIT.
Brings Action for a Divorce
From Her Gray-Haired
Husband.
A FISHERMAN'S GHASTLY PI»D
Recovers the Body of a Suicide From
West Lake— Rancher Barker
on Trial.
LOS ANGELES, Cai*. May 12.— The an
nual convention of the Universalist
Churches of California opened this fore
noon in the Friday Morning Club rooms
in this city. E. L. Conger, D.D., of Pasa
dena occupied the chair. Rev. L. Good
enough of Oakland, the secretary, being
absent, Rev. Asa B. Bradley was made
secretary pro tern. There was no trouble
in admitting women as delegates to the
convention, they forming a large propor
tion of the representation. The list was
as follows:
Pasadena delegation— John D. Gaylord, Mr.
end Mrs. David Heap, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
Keyes, Mr. and Mrs. John Woodsworth, Mr.
and Mrs. William Stanton, Dr. and Mrs. E. L.
Conger, Mr. and Mrs. George D. Rowen, Mr.
and Mrs. Chamberlain, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Car
hill, Mr. and Mrs. O. P. Goud, Mrs. Drake, Mrs.
C. F. Dillingham, Mrs. E. G. Slade, Mrs. Water
house, Mrs. L. T. W. Conger, Mrs. E. E. Spauld
ing, Mrs. Dr. Brige, Mrs. Marion Phelps, Mrs.
U. B. Maasford, Miss Anna Bartlet, George
Conant and Rev. R. M. Webster of the Inde
pendent Church.
Los Angeles— Mrs. C. S. Hawley. Mr«. E. M.
Swift, Mrs. Henderson, C. Looney and Rev. A.
A. Rice.
Riverside— Mrs. G. H. Deere, Mrs. Seneca
La Rue, Mrs. W. B. Russell, Mrs. J. I. Crane.
Miss Ollie La Rue, J. C. Woodward, Fred C.
Wordsler, Warren Taylor, Miss Helen Tresslar
and Miss Lizzie B. Dewey.
Santa Paula— Mr. and Mrs. Ed Todd, Mr. and
Mrs. Ruggles, Mm. Gilgar, Rev. L. M. Andrews,
Mrs. Ida Brown, Miss Hinkley, Mrs. W. Hardi
son, Mr. and Mrs. Morgan, Mr. and Mrs.
Balcom.
Oakland— Mrs. P. M. Burnham, Mrs. M. R.
Wakefleld, Mrs. M. E. Bradley, Harry Kendall
and Ives Schoville.
Santa Cruz— Luther McQuesten, Mrs. Emma
Wilson, Mrs. McManahau, L. K. BaHwin and
Mrs. Merrill.
Pomona— Mrs. Sylvia Alin, Mrs. F. J. Barnes,
Mrs. Maggie Paine, Mrs. 8. J. Youngman, A. L.
Robinson and Mrs. Kelson Saunders.
The committee on fellowship reported
that Rev. Florence E. Kollock had been
transferred to the Massachusetts Univer
sallst Convention. Rev. William M. Jones
oi Ohio, Rev. C. A. Garst of Illinois and
Rev. Orlando Skinner of Wisconsin have
been received into this convention. Rev.
Asa M. Bradley was on June 2, 1895, or
dained, Rev. S. Goodenough conferring the
fellowship of the convention. This was
the first Universalist ordination in the
history of California.
The first paper was by Rev. Asa M.
Bradley of Oakland on "Essentials to
Church-Membership." Rev. E. L. Conger
followed with the second section on the
general subject "Church," his topic being
"Helps to Memb?rs."
The clergymen present, who, as the re
sult of their ordination, are ex-officio mem
bers of the convention are: George H.
Deere, D.D., G. C. Garst, Riverside; E. L.
Conger, J. W. Hanson, M. M. Jones, Pasa
dena; Asa M. Bradley, Oakland; L. M.
Andrews, Santa Paula; A. A. Rice, Los
Angeles.
WOES OF THE BALLERINOS
Divorce Proceedings After Xearly fifty
%ears of Married Life.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 12.— A novel
and pathetic spectacle was presented in
the Superior Court here this morning,
when aged Mr. and Mrs. Ballerino en
tered the courtroom with their string of
attorneys, witnesses and friends, in oppo
sition to each other, after having been
wedded nearly fifty years. The proceed
ings were behind closed doors. The wife
is plaintiff, and she charges her aged
spouse with infidelity and asks the court
for a large share of his possessions.
The co-respondent is known as Irma, a
woman of the tenderloin district, where
most of Ballerino's possessions are locat
ed. The woman was Ballerino's tenant,
and Mrs. Ballerino claims that the old
man's regard for Irma became so strong
that be forgot bis vows to the mother of
his numerous children. lira a denies the
story of Ballerino's duplicity. Her story
is that the old man of wealth never col
lected his rents personally, except during
one period of fifteen days," and at no other
time did he set foot in her abode.
When the case was called Mrs. Ballerino,
through her lawyers, announced that she
was ready. The old man also expressed his
readiness. The plaintiff called him to the
stand as her own witness, to prove the ex
tent of their belongings. Ballerino was
made to undergo a searching examination
respecting his property, which is com
munity, and estimated to be worth $250,
-000. Ballerino was asked bow much
money be had given his wife within the
last ten years. He had no idea. Sometimes
he gave her $1, $2 or $10. but he had never
kept any account of it. The next line of
inquiry was directed as to his expendi
tures for his children, when the case went
over until to-morrow.
HIS CATCH A. CORPSE.
The Body of a Suicide Recovered by a
Fisherman.
LOS ANGELES. Cal., May 12.— An old
fisherman made a ghastly haul with i a
throwline at West Lake this afternoon, i
He recovered from the water the corpse of
Mr?. May Emerson, wife of Fred Emerson,
who a short time ago conducted the Balti
more restaurant at Seventh and Olive
streets.
The Emersons came from San Francisco.
The unfortunate woman's mother, Mrs.
Mary Merriam, and a sister, Mrs. Bertha
Flagg of 1010 Dcvisadero street, live
in that city. There is no doubt that
Mrs. Emerson committed suicide. It is
known that husband and wife had re
cently quarreled because of Emerson's at
tention to Maggie Love, a waitress. The
wife's protests brought forth many fair
promises, which were soon violated, and
in a lit of desperation she ieft her apart
ments last Saturday evening, going in the
direction of the lake. That was the last
seen or i card of her until her body was
recovered to-day.
The husband has been employed lately
at the Royal bakery on Spring street, but
it seems that he was apprehensive of some
calamity, for he left last evening lor Ban
Francisco. Mrs. Emerson was a comely
woman, about 26 years of age, of the bru
nette type and well dressed. A short time
ago she worked as a servant in a Hill
street residence, where she manifested
good bringing up and a fair education.
RANCHER BARKER'S TRIAL.
Arraigned for the Killing of HilUam
Hmdell in Pasadena.
LOS ANGELEB, Cal., May 12.— John A.
Barker, the Pasadena rancher who shot i
and killed William Hendell on March 5,
is on trial here to-day.
Hendell had been "confined in jail. He
escaped, went to Pasadena and visited the
Barker residence. His attention to Mrs.
Barker had before excited the jealousy of
Barker, who had hunted Hendell with a
shotgun. Not appreciating this warning,
Hendell sought the Barker residence as j
soon as he got away from jail. Barker,
however, was at hand, and the result was
the death of Hendell.
The morning was consumed in getting a
jury and in examining- the officer who
found the body in a canyon back of the
house near Pasadena. The deceased had
been shot in the left side, the load coming
out at the small of his back.
SHASTA'S MI NING ROOM.
Large Smelter to Be Erected in the Igo
District.
REDDING, Cal, May 12.— The mining
industry of Shasta County received another
boom yesterday. The miners of Igo
district, one of the richest sections of min
eral country in California, met and con
sidered a proposition advanced by the #
Clear Creek Mining and Development
Company to erect a large smelter to work
the ores of that district. The sentiment
of the meeting was decidedly in favor of
tne project, and as a result Shasta County
will soon have another largo smelting
plant in full operations. The capacity of
the new plant will be 200 tons daily. It is
expected that operations will be com
menced in about ninety days. The miners
of Western Shasta are jubilant over the
prospects for the future development of
the mineral resources of that portion of
the county.
Booth- Tuckers Leave Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 12.—Accom
panied by their party and Major Gifford of
the local army. Commander and Consul
Booth-Tucker left to-day for Taconia,
from which city they will depart to-mor
row for the central States, arriving at
Topeka, Kan., on Sunday. Just before
his departure the commander said it
might be found advisable to move the
Salvation Army headquarters of the
United States from New *T Drk City further
West. He would neither indicate when
nor admit that such a course had been
definitely decided upon.
MADERA'S BOY BANDITS
Two Youths Steal Horses and
Start Out to Become
Road Agents.
Ride Up to a Church Door and At
tempt to Shoot One of the
Worshipers.
MADERA, Cal., Mar 12.— Albert Soaper
and Will Hamilton, boys aged respectively
15 and 18 years, are striving to emulate
the example of Laverone and Roberts,
and are meeting with a marked degree of
success. Each of them in his father's ab
sence from home on Sunday procured the
best saddle horse and outfit their respec
tive parents possessed and went down to
the church at Webster. While the pastor
was conducting the service? one of the
boys rode up and called to a young man
named Pitman, asking him to come out
side. He started to come out, but before
he reached the door he saw one of the boys
waiting, revolver in hand, to shoot him
ami discreetly remained inside.
When the intention of the boy 3 was
learned there was confusion and tumult
inside the church. The boys then rode
away and have not been home since. They
both have pistols and are well mounted.
Constable Glass started after the boys
yesterday. He traced them up the San
Joaquin River to Lane's Bridge, which
they crossed and came down again toward
Herndon, where they ate dinner yesterday.
The constable was unable to overtake
them. They have been breaking down
fences and riding through grain fields, but
that is the extent of the damage they have
done. They are still in the vicinity of
Herndon.
♦
ATTACKED BY HIGHRINDERS
Two Mongols Invade a Merchants' Cellar
and Collect Tolls.
MADERA, Cal., May 12.— A disturbance
in the Chinese quarters aroused people
residing in that vicinity at 1 o'clock this
morning. Two highbinders who arrived
in town a few days ago entered the cellar
of a local merchant, pounced upon him
and robbed him of $80. The victim cried
lustily for help and another Chinaman
came to the rescue. One of the robbers set
upon the rescuer and stabbed him in the
neck several times. The wounded Mongol
is in a serious condition.
The whole of Chinatown was aroused by
tbe disturbance anu a great hubbub
resulted. Constable Saxe- was the only
white man in the crowd and he had to
awaken several citizens to assist him in
arresting the highbinders who seemingly
had a large number of friends in the crowd.
The robbers were finally captured and were
taken to Fresno this evening by Under-
Sheriff Merritt, as the Madera Jail needs
repairing just at present.
LOOT A MADERA RANCH.
Outlaws Later one and Roberts Procure a
Supply of Prorisiofis.
MADERA, Cal., May 12.— Outlaws La
rerone and Roberts are still at large and
nothing definite as to their whereabouts
has been ascertained. C. Saxe returned
from the vicinity of Coarse Gold Gulch to
day and reports that a sheep camp be
longing to Jonathan Daulton was looted
yesterday morning near that place, all of
the provisions being taken. Messengers
were sent immediately to the officers and
the bloodhounds have* been taken to tbe
vicinity, in the hopes that it may yet be
possible to t*-ail the outlaws. If this effort
with the hounds fails the officera will cease
active hunting and await the appearance
of the bandits to secure provisions.
OAKESDALE JUSTICE.
Mrs. Griffin l'unishrs Her Husband for
a Brutal Crime.
SPOKANE, Wash., May 12.— Thomas
Griffin, a prominent farmer residing near
Oakesdale, made a vicious attack upon
Bessie, the 14-year-old daughter of J. W.
Gunn, a merchant of that place. Gunn,
armed with a ritie, went to Griffin's house
to kill him. Mrs. Grifiin met him at the
door, and upon learning of her husband's
crime, locked the doors and, procurinc a
club, beat Griffin nearly to death. Griffin
was placed under arrest and a strong guard
put over him, as Gunn says he will kill the
wr«tch.
7'rtntumn't Chronic Insolvent.
PETALUMA, Cal., May 12.— The stock
of the insolvent jeweler, O. M. Campbell,
who has became notorious through his
various failures of late, was bid in by J. 8.
Blackburn for $2005, and the business will
be resumed at the same place by Campbell
himself.
RIGGS` CIRCUIT
ENDS AT FRESNO
The Members of the Rose
Stillman Company
Stranded.
ALL DATES CANCELED.
Penniless Thespians Claim They
Have Not Been Paid by
the Manager.
WITHOUT MEANS TO MOVE ON.
Their Employer Accused of Treating
Them Shahbily—He Says
All Is Well.
FRESNO, Cal., May 12.— Rose Still
man's company, which played at Barton
Opera-house every i:ight last week, is in
trouble in this city. It is generally under
stood that the comt any is stranded, al
though Manager Ct arles Riggs says nay.
The troupe had boarded a hotel bus yes
terday morning to go to a tram for Mer
ced, where they werv booked to show last
night. Just as the bus was about to start
Manager Riggs came out of the hotel and
stated that they would not go to Merced
for the present. He told tho actors and
actresses to meet him at tho theater in a
half hour.
At the theater Riggs announced that the
Rose Stillman company was disbanded.
He bad failed to me .t expenses in Fresno
and had come here without any money.
Riggs now says ihat he disbanded the
company for the purpose of discharging
three of the members who have been in
attentive to business. They are Messrs.
Snow, Felt and Sutherland. He says that
he has reorganized the company and is
awaiting the arrival of men from San
Francisco to fill thei- places.
From the memberf of the company it is
learned that nearly all of them are
stranded, as they have not been re
engaged. They are without means, and
had it not been for friends here they would
have been in a serious predicament. They
say Riggs has treated them shamefully
and has not paid them anything for
several weeks. The company was or
ganized by Riggs in Los Angeles, and is
not of first-class character. Riggs for
merly resided in Fresno and ran an opera
house here.
Friends have arranged to give a benefit
at Barton Opera-house for the stranded
members of the company in a few days.
THE WEAVERVILLE TRIAL
The Taking of Testimony in Defense of
Van Horn and Crow
Begins.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., May 14— The
last witness for the prosecution in the
trial of Constable Van Horn and his
deputy, John Crow, went upon the stand
to-day, and the taking of testimony for the
defense began. "Yes" Palmer and Gordon
Van Horn, a brother of one of the officers
accused of the lynching of "Jack" Little
neld in Round Valley, testified to minor
details during the morning.
The opening statement for the defense
was made by Attorney Given. At its close
the first witness for the defense, H. C.
Simmons, was called, rie had not con
cluded his testimony when the court ad
journed. His testimony is considered
very important by the defense. He de
scribed the character of the ground at the
scene of the Littlefield lynching. He bad
found a 44-cahber shell at the .manzanita
bush which has become historic in this
case. As the defendants claim to have
carried no weapons of this caliber this is
considered a strong point in their behalf.
Juror James Benton died this evening.
He had been excused from duty on the sth
inst. and another juror was obtained in
his stead.
Equal Suffragists at San i~uis.
SAN" LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 12.-
Miss Mills delivered a long and able dis
course on woman's suffrage here this after
noon. Miss Shaw spoke this evening.
Her answers to questions were witty and
to the point. The woman's suffrage
campaign is fairly launched in this city,
and Rev- Anna H. Shaw and Misses
Mills and Yates have done a great deal
toward putting the movement in a right
light before the people of San Luis Obispo.
WAS REGULARLY ADOPTED
The Republican Convention Voted
on the Credential Com
mittee's Report.
Chairman Arthur Answers the Cairn
That the Findings Were Not
Accepted.
PASADENA, Cal., May 12.— W. E.
Arthur, in an interview to-day, said :
"In regard to a statement said to appear
in a San Francisco paper of this date, to
the effect that the report of tbe committee
on credentials at the recent Republican
State Convention was never adopted, I
have to state most positively that the re
port of the committee was adopted by a
vote of the convention.
•'When the report was presented, Mr.
Taylor of Alameda moved that tbe items
of the report be taken up seriatim. A
vote was had upon this motion and the
chair declared it lost. Mr. Taylor de
manded the roll-call. Tbe point of order
was raised that the roll-call was not de
manded in time; but the chair ruled that
the point of order was not well taken, and
ordered the roll-call, which resulted in a
very decided defeat of the motion.
"A motion was then made that the report
of the committee be adopted and, if I am
not mistaken, it was made by Colonel
Freeman G. Teed of Los Angeles. The
motion was duly seconded, and stated to
the convention by the chair. During the
discussion which followed some delegate
moved the previous question, and I sup
pose that whatever misunderstanding
there may have been about the action of
the convention arose from this. But the
motion was never seconded and was never
entertained by the chair, and a vote on
the demand for the previous question was
never taken. But as the presidinc officer
of the convention I did state to the con
vention that the question was upon the
adoption of the report, and called for the
vote, which resulted in a most decided
majority in favor of the adoption of the
report,|and I declared the motion carried
and the report adopted.
"Afterward Mr .Farnum of the contest
ing Alameda delegation moved that the
deletes who had been declared uuseated
should be excluded from the convention,
or something to that effect, and I ruled
bis motion out of order on the express
ground that, the report of the committee
on credentials having been adopted, the
delegates who were thereby declared un
seated no longer had any rights in the
convention, and that it would be unneces
sary to further invite them to retire. I
think that at that time Mr. Reuf, who had
a proxy in the Alameda delegation, stated
that the report had not been adopted, but
I replied that it had been adopted. If
there had been any doubt as to the adop
tion of the report it seems to me that was
the time to have had the question settled.
As a matter of fact, the call for the pre
vious question was never entertained by
the chair nor voted upon by the conven
tion, and the question before the conven
tion when the vote was taken was upon
the adoption of the report of 4he commit
tee on credentials."
Other Pasadena delegates —M. H.
Weight, John S. Cox, C. M. Simpson and
James Clarke — reported the same remem
brance and understanding of the matter
when seen by a Call correspondent to
day.
Vetnluma's Annual Fair.
PETALUMA, Cal, May 12. — The
newly elected officers of the Sonoma
and Marin Agricultural Society, to serve
the ensuing year, are: Asa Higgins, pres
ident; 'William Hill, vice-president; W.D.
Houi, secretary; Pet&luma Savings Bank,
treasurer. The race meet will be held as
usual this year, the programme soon to
be announced. Robert 8. Brown, Fred A.
Wickersham and D. Walls were appointed
on tno racing committee, and doubtless
the whole exposition will prove as success
ful as of yore;
STILL AT SANTA BARBARA
The Battle-Ship Oregon's Trial
Trip Delayed by a Heavy
Swell
To-Day the Floating Fortress Will
Race Against Time for a
Record.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 12.— The
battle-ship Oregon did not go out on its
official trial trip to-day. The wind died
out and the morning was a beautifiul one,
but yesterday's storm had left a very heavy
swell along the coast, and after a consulta
tion it was dedided to postpone the trial
until to-morrow.
Everything was in readiness this morn
ing at 5 o'clock for the attempt. The boil
ers and furnaces had been cleaned yester
day and during the night steam was got
up. The Unadilla was sent out to its sta
tion at the starting point and all was in
readiness. It was then that Irving M.
Scott and Captain C. Miner Goodall held
their consultation. The latter pointed out
that the heavy swell would knock at least
a quarter of a Knot off the Oregon's speed
and Mr. Scott agreed with him. Admiral
Beardslev was then consulted, and the re
sult was that the Unadilla was recalled
and the race against time postponed.
There has hardly been a breath of
wind all day, and should a gale not
spring up during the night the battle-ship
will go at 5 a. m. to-morrow.
During the afternoon Admiral Beards
ley and Irving M. Scott gave an informal
reception to the members of the Country
Don't Give Up.
THERE IS A CURE FOR ALL MEN WHO ARE SICK AND
* weak. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, with its recent improve-
ments, its wonderful life-giving electric power, controlled by an
improved self-regulator, is a positive cure for all men who, by
early indiscretions or excesses, have wasted their manly vigor.
It is a positive cure for all forms of nervous or vital weakness,
varicocele (swollen veins), weak back, kidney troubles, sciatica,
rheumatism, lumbago, indigestion, dyspepsia and stomach trou-
bles of all kinds. It is, in fact, a cure for every ailment arising
from weakness of the various organs of the body. Thousands
testify to this. Here are some of the late cures who gladly
testify to the wonderful power of
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
John Curran, 1419 Folsom street, San Francisco; H. Bauoh. 1109 Treat avenue, San Fran-
Cisco: Captain Henry Beck, 240 Montgomery street, San Francisco; Arthur Yuagens. C Troop,
Presidio, San Francisco: Richard Reiner, cook steamer Barbara Hernster, Ban Francisco;
Thomas Ray, American Exchange Hotel, san Francisco; Gottlieb Bachman, 523 Pine street,
San Francisco; William Dawaon, 1422 Sutter street, San Francisco; William H. Jukes, 1782
Atlantic street, Oakland; F. B. Galloway, Densmore, Cal. ; L. L. Jaccard, San Leandro. Cal.;
E. L. Nash, Picard, Siskiyou County, Cal.; L. C. Minyard, Napa, Cal. ; David •M. Frame,
Veterans' Home, Cal.; Theo. Seawall, 12Otterson street, San Jose; E. B. Hore, Alameda, Cal. :
Hundreds of others could be given. These cures have all
been reported within the past month. They mean a great deal
to the poor unfortunate who has been spending his daily earn,
ings on quacks and drugs. They mean that after all else hag
failed Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure. J
Further proof can be found in the little book, "Three Classes
of Men," which is free upon application. :.;*
jS^INriJEJKr ELECTHIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO*
Office. Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1. ,
OFFICES AT— -r'
••' - .... XOS ANGELES, CA L, • • ■ I ; ' PORTLAND,' OR. '?.
204 South Broadway. 1 253 Washington street.
Club. As the vessel is.not in holiday trim
no ladies were invited.
BUYS A MONTECITO HOME.
CC V ru* ATcCortnick Jr. of Chicago Take*
Possession of Riven Jtoek.
SANTA BARBARA. Cal., May 12.-
Cyrus McCormick Jr. of Chicago, son and
namesake of McCormick of reaper farm
and wealth, has bought the beautiful
home of 0. A. Stafford at Momecitc
called Riven Rock. This is one of th«
choicest resident spots in that charm ins
valley, lying on an easy slope of the foot
hills at an elevation of some 500 feet, and
commanding a superb view of the sea and
the distant mountainous islands. Th«
place comprises some twenty acres ol
lightly rolling land, with a considerable
orchard of lemons and oranges in full
bearing. Around the large, old-fashioned,
frame house are stately oakes and syca
mores, and close by is a deep ravini
arched with trees and carpeted with vinci
trailing over its stony bed.
A good water right goes with the land,
and it offers every facility for the niosi
elaborate cultivation and development.
It is situated but a short distance from
the handsome residences of R. Radchffe
Wbitehead, Charles E. Eaton, General
Henry Strong, Henry Stoddard, E. H,
lawyer, the Hayne homestead and of I. A.
Waterman, the young Philadelphia mil
lionaire. It is understood that Mr. Mo-
Cormick paid $25,000 for the place and will
make costly and extensive improvements.
The poetical name attached to the pic
turesque estate was suggested by a great
bowlder near the entrance, which has
been literally riven in twain by a sturdy
oat, which spreads its cool shade above it.
Mr. McCormick and his wife spent some
weeks in Montecitq this winter, his young
invalid sister navine her residence bui
half a mile distant, in a cottage facing th«
sea.
YOU
NEVER
KNOW
The whole-soul blissful happiness ol
life until after you have suffered and
have been cured of nervousnes.
DR. McKENZIE'S
New
Nerve
Treatment
Will make a nerveless man, a pale, deli-
cate woman, or a fretfnl, fitful creature-
sound, yes, as sound as a dollar.
JOY'S
BALDWIN
PHARMACY
Is the place to set Mr. McKenzie's
nerve treatment. Call or write.
Joy's, Hood's or Ayers
Sarsaparilla 65a
Paine s Compound 60c
Munyon's 15c
PERFUMES
FROM
EVERY
MAKER.
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER BALDWIN HOTEL),
Powell and Market Sts.
Mall Orders Promptly Attneded To,RUM'S ENEMIES
AT STOCKTON
Prohibitionists Gather for
the State Convention
To-Day.
WILL BE HARMONIOUS.
Scope of the Platform the Only
Question Likely to Be
Debated.
WOMEN WANT RECOGNITION.
Eleventh Amendment Champions Will
Appeal for an Equal Suffrage
Plank.
STOCKTON, CAL.,'May 12.— The Prohi
bition State Convention will be held in
this city to-morrow afternoon and the
delegates began to assemble in Stockton
this evening. A number came in on the
afternoon trains from various point: and
more reached here by the evening train
from the south and from t tie bay cities.
The greater portion of the delegation will
not arrive uutil shortly before noon to
morrow.
The local Prohibitionists have been
making great preparations for the event
and have secured Masonic Music Hall in
which to hold the convention. This is the
hall in which the famous Stockton conven
tion of the Democratic party was held
years ago, but the Prohibitionists feel that
their work will be harmonious, no matter
where they meet. The hall has been
tastefully decorated.
If tne delegates arrive in time there will
be a meeting of tbe State Central Com
mittee of the party in the hall at 10
o'clock and the convention will be called
to order at 2 o'clock in the afternoon. In
the evening an address will be delivered
by Rev. John A. B. Wilson of Los Angeles
and the local members of the party have
been advertising the fact far and wide, as
they expect to hear a great speech on the
principles of the organization. On Thurs
day evening John G. Wooliey, the famous
Prohibition orator, will deliver an address
and there will probably be no vacant seats
in thtfbig hall.
Secretary C. A. Tupper of San Jose is ex
pected to arrive during the night, and so
are a number of those high in tbe counsels
of the party in this State. Barron of
Soulsbyville, in the mountains, one of the
most active workers in the State, is here
now. He never fails to attend a Pro
hibition convention. His work has been
among the miners of the mountain region
from which he comes, and he has been
campaigning for fourteen years. Several
years ago John P. St. John delivered an
address there, driving over the mountains
from bonora, and found the mining camp
one of the best Prohibition towns on the
coast, ail through the work of Mr. Barron.
The only differences that are liable to
arise in the convention are on the adop
tion of a "narrow-gauge platform," as the
Stockton delegate puts it. The local Pro
hibitionists are heartily in favor of having
the platform say some very strong things
about woman suffrage aud free silver, but
they are not sure that they can carry their
point, as there are many who oppce com
ing out for anything else than prohibition
pure and simple. The Stockton delega
tion includes Attorney L. W. Elliott, R.
F. Wilson, chairman of the recent county
convention; Leroy Atwood, the printer,
and Mrs. W. M. Estes.
The other delegates from this county
are B. P. Baird of Lodi, W. H. Priest of
Lathrop, Joseph Potter of Linden and
Joseph Manchester of Farmington. None
of the men from this county are aspirants
for the position as delegates to the
National convention. They are willing to
let some other good Prohibitionists have
this honor.
In view of the fact that there are not
enough of the delegates here from whom
to gather a conclusion, it is difficult to say
whether the platform to be adopted will be
a "broad gauge" one or not. As there are
no spoils to be worked for by the party
there is little of the wire pulling that is
seen at otber conventions. The local men
are inclined to break away from such
leaders as Samuel Dickie, chairman of the
National committee, and Joshua Levering.
They admire John P. St. John and are
more inclined to his teachings.
Arrangements are being made to-night
by the county committeemen to meet the
delegates who arrive to-morrow morning
and at noon and give them an escort to
their hotels or to the hall. The delegates
are to be provided with white badges. The
alternates will also have seats in the hall.
The galleries have been reserved for the
spectators..
It was announced yesterday at the meet
ing of the Equal Suffrage Club of this city
that Mrs. Susan B. Anthony and other
leaders in the woman suffrage movement
in this State would be here to-morrow to
attend the Prohibition Convention. A
committee was appointed from the club
members to entertain the ladies during
their stay in this city.
L. Ewing of Colfax and a delegation
from that section arrived on a late train
to-night.
WILL PICNIC NEAR LODI
Outing of the San Joaquln County Amer
ican Protective Association.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 12.— There will
be a monster picnic to-morrow at the
grove near Lodi by the members of the
American Protective Association of this
county. Committees have been at work
for the past few weeka in every town in
tbe county arranging for the big affair.
Mayor H. N. Baggs of this city is to be
president of the day, and the services of
Oregon Saunders have been secured as the
orator for the occasion. A train load ol
people will co from here and more will fol
low in bunnies. A barbecue has been ar
ranged, together with the usual picnic
programme of games. The City Council
of Stockton will probably attend in a body
at the invitation of Mayor Baggs. A dele
gation is expected from Sacramento.
NASHES THROUGH A WINDOW
A Jiunaway Ilorte Jlringt Up in the Son
Joaquin Valley lianit]
STOCKTON, Cal., May 12.— Ahorse took
fright on El Dorado street, two blocks from
the principal street of the city, this after
noon, and started west at his best speed.
He turned into Weber avenue and thence
into the plaza. Bam Smi'h, a farm laborer,
had hold of the reins, but he could do
nothing with the animal. After narrowly
missing several vehicles tbe horse ran
headlong toward the San Joaquin Valley
Bank on Main street. He did not "top on
reaching the sidewalk, but dashed into
the plate-glass window of the bank.
Through this he went and into the bank
before he could be checked.
The startled bank officials sprang from
their desks as they saw the horse cominc
through the window, but the animal did
not reach the counters of the institution
before he fell bleeding. He was pulled up
and got out of the Place with some diffi
culty. No one was injured, not even the
man who was driving, as he had slipped
out of the light wagon before it reached
the bank window.
Volley Road Progress.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 12.— "Work on the
roundhouse for the Valley road will be
commenced on Thursday. It will not be
long before the big engines that have been
running on the road will be properly
housed. The bridge across the Merced
River will be completed next Saturday
and then track-laying will be resumed
in earnest.
WASHINGTON REPUBLICANS.
Silver Men Will Force an Issue in the
Everett Convention.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 12.— 0f 402
delegates to the Republican State Conven
tion at Everett on Thursday, fully 250 are
in this city to-night. The corridors of
Hotel Butler, where the various county
caucuses are being held, are thronped by
politicians. Slates and combinations are
being made, many no doubt only to be
broken.
John S. McMillan of Roche Harbor ap
pears to be in the lead for chairman of the
convention and his selection will mean a
victory for the "sound" money men, his
financial views, it is reported, being in en
tire accord with that element of the party
in this State. There is a marked disposi
tion on the part of the so-called go'.dbugs
not to touch upon the money question n
the State platform, but unquestionably a
fight will be forced by the silver men.
Nothing relative to the convention seems
so certain as this result, for the white
metal champions are on the aggressive and
claim they will be able to pass a resolu
tion embodying their sentiments.
•
Santa Rosa's Celebration.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 12. -Tne most
enthusiastic meeting in years was held
here last night, to arrange for a Fourth of
July celebration. Frank Muther was
elected chairman and all the necessary
committees were appointed. Mayor Jesse
moved that it be a "good, old-fashioned
Fourth of July, such as our forefathers
had, where the scream of the eagle and the
fife and drum would be the music." Ample
funds have been subscribed already, and
the programme will be arranged at a mass
meeting to-morrow evening.
Sole of a Seattle Railway.
SEATTLE. Wash., May 12.— Unless
otherwise directed in the meantime by tbe
United States District Court, the Seattle,
Lake Shore and Eastern Railway, now in
the hands of Federal receivers, J. H.
Bryant and T. R. Brown, and comprising
about 250 miles of road in the State of
Washi ngton, vrill be sold under foreclosure
proceedings in this city on Saturday. May
16. There is an indebtedness of about
$6,000,000 against the property.
Foresters Meet at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ob., May 12.— The Oregon
Grand Court of Foresters of America began
a two day's session here to-day. Seven
teen out of twenty courts in the State are
represented. The reports of grand officers
show the order to be growing. The most
important work on hand is the revision of
the laws of the order. The delegates will
also decide the question of a biennial
session of the Grand Court instead of
annual as heretofore.
♦
Missing From Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 12.— J.
Husted, proprietor of an oyster saloon on
X street, left t:ie city for parts unknown
yesterday afternoon without having noti
tieaanyone of his intentions. His wife
found a note addressed to her and stating
that he was going away. He gave no rea
son for leaving.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Milborn's Bill far Untiring Sailors and
Soldiers Meet.- With Favor.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12. -The
Lighthouse Board has directed Captain
Curtis to erect on Mile Rock either a
whistling or bell buoy, and have further
directed Major Davis, engineer of the
Lighthouse Board, to examine and report
the advisability of erecting a permanent
signal on Mile Rock.
Representative Barham to-day presented
a petition of the citizens of Bloomfield,
Cal., protesting against the statue of Pere
Marquette remaining in the halls of the
Capitol.
The following bill of Representative Hil
born has been reported favorably from
the Naval Affairs Committee:
When an enlisted man or appointed petty
officer Has served as such thirty years in the
United States navy, either as an enlisted man
or petty officer, or both, he shall, by making
application to the President, be placed on the
retired list hereby created, with rank held by
him at date of retirement, and he shall there
after receive 75 per ceut of pay and allowances
of the rank or rating upon which he was re
tired; provided, that if said enlisted man or
appointed petty officer had active war service
in the navy or in the army or marine corps,
either as volunteer or reeular, during the War
of the Rebellion, such war service shall be
computed as double time in computing years
necessary to entitle him to be retired.
Mr. Hilborn's bill to correct the military
record of George K. Knowlton, late of the
United States navy, now resident of Oak
land, was to-aay reported favorably to the
House Committee on Naval Affairs and
ordered to be placed on the calendar.
California patents have been issued as
follows: William C. Anderson, San Jose,
brusQ rake; Thomas Harding, San Jose,
wave-power transmitting apparatus; Es
piradition Hipalito, San Jose, Pierre Fel
lefigeues, San Francisco, collapsible top
for vehicles; Sarah T. Ledford, Los An
geles, inhalei ; James C. Wood. Los An
geles, bed couch.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Simon Peter, Oak
land, Alameda; George C. Dewitt, Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; Patrick H.
Costelle, San Francisco. Reissue and in
crease—lsaac 8. Snyder. Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles. Mexican War survivor, in
crease—Abner Blackborn, Soldiers' Home
Los Angeles.
Oregon: Original — Thomas Johnson,
Portland.
Washington: Original widows, reis
sue—Nancy Jennings (mother), Spokane.
MAX COCK'S STATUE.
President Cleveland Speaks at the Un
veiling Ceretnoniet.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12,-The
bronze equestrian statne of Major-General
Winfiela Scott Hancock, hero of Gettys
burg, was unveiled this afternoon at the
intersection of Pennsylvania and Louisi
ana avenues with Seventh and C streets.
The ceremony -was preceded by a most
imposing military parade, which was wit
nessed by many men distinguished in
the arts of peace and war who had been
closely associated with the great soldier
and popular Idol. President Cleveland
presided, ana Senator Palmer of Illinois
delivered the oration.
President Cleveland said: l! A grateful
Government to-day pays tribute to the
memory of one of our country's noblest
sons and bravest defenders." Willingly
prompted by patriotic inclination, we
have aesem bled to witness a Nation's ap
j»reclation of valiant deeds in time of war,
and its recognitions of civic virtues in time
of peace."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
THE SAN JOSE
CONVENTION
County Supervisors Favor
Convict Labor on
Highways.
WIDE TIRES DEMANDED
The Legislature Petitioned to Ac
cept the I,ooo,ooo Acre Arid
Land Grant.
NEED OF SPECIAL DISTRICTS.
Plan by Which Property-Holders
Can Make Necessary Im
provements,
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 12.— The State
Convention of the County Boards of Super
visors this morning discussed the con
struction of county roads and the advan
tage of working convicts in building them.
C. L. Taylor of San Francisco presented
a paper on San Francisco County rouds.
He stated that prison labor was employed
very advantageously on the county roads,
at a great saving to taxpayers and a
benefit morally and physically to the
prisoners. A delegate from Santa Cruz
stated that prisoners could generally not
be worked at distant points from the jail
on account of lacK of facilities. J. S. Selby
of Santa Clara related the experience in
Santa Clara County, which be said was
profitable. He thought that new moun
tain roads could be better worked by the
prisoners than valley roads.
Mr. Mason of the. State Bureau of High
ways said the criminal element was grow
ing to an unnatural proportion in Califor
nia, which was in part due to a hick of j
punishment inflicted, and that the prison
ers are permitted to live in greater luxury
than some taxpayers. They should pay
back the cost of their maintenance, but
they should not be permitted to antagonize
free labor. The State had recently ac
quired property on one of the forks of the I
American River, and a bridge across the
stream is much needed. Steel or iron
would cost too much and be wasteful, but
a magnificent stone bridge should be built
there with prison labor. A quarry nearby I
would give work for a year, and the build
ing of the bridge would take another year.
It would be enduring for centuries. Mr. j
Manson suegested that the Legislature be
petitioned to enact favorable measures.
S. F. Ayer of this county stated that in
his opinion prison labor was not profit
able, as it came too much in conflict with
free labor.
Dimond of San Francisco said it was
not a fair comparison to use San Fran
cisco as a basis, for there they work fifty or
sixty prisoners with three or four guards,
whereas in otner counties there need be as
many jjnards as prisoners.
Woodward of ix>s Angeles favored
prison labor on the highways as a solution
of the tramp problem.
Henderson of Stockton thought prison
ers could be profitably employed if they
could be committed to jail, but the Jus
tices keep turning them loose and the
constables are continually rearresting
them.
A resolution petitioning the Legislature
to enact laws permitting the working of
county prisoners at rock-breaking, road
building, etc., when not antagonistic to
free labor, was almost unanimously passed.
Mr. Buibick and Major Sherman of
Oakland addressed the convention on the
jubilee celebration of the raising of the
American flag at Monterey by Commodore
Sloat July 7, 1846. Tbe event will be a
continuous entertainment from July 4 to
July 7, including naval and land sham
battles, boatraces, etc. The Supervisors
were particularly asked to have every one
of the fifty-eight counties contribute a
stone for the monument being erected at
Monterey in memory of Commodore Sloat,
and to name a young lady as maid of
honor to the California Queen who will
preside over the celebration. Tbe Super
visors from the various counties agreed to
act as requested.
The discussion of the cost of feeding
prisoners showed that it ranged variously
from lOcents per day in Sacramento County
to 50 cents perday in San Mateo County.
An invitation was accepted to visit the
Normal School to-morrow morning, after
which a drive in the country will be taken.
The Nicaragua canal resolutions were
passed with slight amendment
A paper was read by M. B. Ivory advo
cating the building of electric roads on the
sides of highways and not in the center of
the roadways.
Resolutions were adopted in favor of
petitioning the Legislature to accept the
grant of 1,000,000 acres of arid land of tho
public domain made by the last United
States Congress to California; that the
money derived from its sale be used in the
betterment of the State highways; that
the Legislature be requested to enact a
law regulating the width of all tires of
wheeled vehicles, based upon their carry
ing capacities; thanking the Board of
Public Highways for its manifest interest
in the convention, and favoring the con
tinuance of convict labor in preparation of
road material at Folsoin.
A resolution favoring the appointment
of a committee to present the resolutions
passed by the convention to the next Legis
lature was adopted, and Chairman Green
inger named Supervisors Ayer, Field, Hoi
brook, Henderson and Church.
The 'ollowing resolution, introduced by
Woodward of Los Anjreles, was adopted :
Whereas, Under the existing statute there is
no remedy for the property-holders along the
line of any road, or adjacent thereto, to make
necessary improvements to said roads as they
in their judgment may deem requisite for the
advancement of their interests; therefore be it
Resolved, That itjs the sense of this conven
tion of Supervisors of the various counties 'of
tbe State, assembled in the city of San Jose on
May 12, 1896, that the Legislature be peti
tioned to enact a iaw providing that when a
majority of the property-owners by petition in
due form request that they be set aside into
a special district, the Board of Supervisors,
may, in their judgment, form such a district
consisting of all property abutting or contigu
ous thereto along the proposed line of road to
be opened, constructed or improved, and said
district shall include all property as may be
directly benefited by such improvement.
The Board of Supervisors .shall levy a tax
not to exceed $1 on the $100 of assessed valu
ation of all property in said special district, in
addition to all other taxes levied, and said tax
(•halt be collected at the same time and in the
same manner as other taxes until said im
provementnt is completed.
R. C. Twine of the State Bureau of High
ways introduced the following resolution,
which was adopted after an animated dis
cussion :
Whereas, Many of the older States are mak
lngTapid advancement in the construction of
roads under tne supervision of State Superin
tendents and State aid; therefore be it
Resolved, That we recommend to the Legisla
ture the passage of such laws as will enable
the various Boards of Supervisors to classify
the roads into three classes, to wit: State high
ways, county thoroughfares and district roads;
State roads to be built and maintained by the
3tate at large; county thorouehf ares to be built
and maintained by a tax on all the property in
each county, and the district roads to be built
ana maintained by tax on property in said dis
tricts.
Los Angeles was chosen as the place for
holding the next annual convention. The
convention will adjourn sine die at noon
to-morrow.
o
SESSION OF HERMANS NONS
Officers of the California Brand Lodge
Elected.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 12.— The annual
meeting of the California Grand Lodge of
Hermann Sons this morning fixed the age
limit for admission into the order at 50
years. It was formerly 45 years. Grand
Secretary Lampe presented the following
report of tbe Lodge from 1870 to 1895 :
The number ol members Initiated, 42">-i; sus
.pended aud withdrawn, 2245; dud, 215;
death-rate per 1O»K>, 12.15; paid in sick l:ene
flts, $120,613 55 ; funeral benefits, $37,975 50 ;
total expenditure, $153,975 50; avenißc rate
paid per member per year in benefits, $7 92.
The following statistics of the ladies'
auxiliary lodges from 1887 to 1895 were
furnished :
Number of members initiated, 333: sus
pended or withdrawn, 183; died. 6; paid in
sicfc benefits, $284(>; faneral benefits, $430 50;
total disbursements, $3376 50; death rate per
1000. 4.4^
The following officers were elected:
Grand president, J. P. Krempei, Los
Angeles; grand vice-president, \V. Lued
i deke, Oakland: irrand secretary, P. N. K.
! Lampe, San Fraiicisco, seventh term;
i grand treasurer, C. Trautner. San Fran-
J cisca, fourth term; trustees, L. M. Fabry,
I San Francisco; A. Wiesmann, S.tn Fran
: Cisco; A. Hagedorn, San Franciico; grand
>;ui(Je, R. Ri--cheiibaeh, San Francisco; in
j side watchman, K. O. Wilfeens, San Frau
! citco; outside watchman, C. A. Rusch-
I haupt, Fresno. Finance committee — G.
Beckert, Oakland: G. Gunther, San Fran
cisco; J. F. Strom berg, San Francisco.
Woodland was selected us the place of
meeting lor next year.
CHRISTIAN INDEAPORERS
Delegates Arriving for the Xlnth Annual
Convention.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 12.— dele
gates to the ninth annual convention of
the State Christian Endeavor Societies
are beginning to arrive, and it is estimated
that the attendance will be larger than at
auy previous session. The society has a
membership of 50,000 in about 1100 so
cieties in the States, and it is believed
that the number of delegates in attend
ance will be nearly 2000. Admission to
the big pavilion where the exercises are to
be held will be free. Music will be fur
nished by the Oakland First Congrega
tional Church orchestra and the San Jose
Chorus Choir, and these features alone
will be sufficient to crowd the building
during the sessions.
The convention will begin with a meet
ing Thursday evening and will continue
until Sunday.
INDE RE N IN A WRECK
Cotvin Mcßride Sues the Southern Pacific
for Damages.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 12.— Colvin G.
H. Mcßride, a prominent society young
man of this city, to-day began suit against
the Southern Pacific ana the South Pacific
Coast Railroad Companies for $50,000 dam
ages, alleged to have been sustained in
tbe railroad collision between the narrow
gauge and broad-gauge trains at Santa
Clara on January 25.
Mcßride alleges that by the collision,
caused by the negligence of defendants,
he sustained a ruptured left groin, a se
verely wrenched ankle and other bruises
and strains, and a severe shock to his
nervous system. He claims he will be a
sufferer fr»r life and partially incapacitated
from attending to business.
DELEGATES ARE ARRIVING
Rally of the A. P. A. Men for
the Council Meeting at
Washington.
Friends of Linton Line Up for the
Struggle Against Major Mc-
Kinley.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12.—Not
withstanding an amount of secrecy un
usual in political assemblages is being ob
served by the members of the A. P. A.,
now about to commence work in this city,
one fact is very much in evidence and that
is that the delegates to the assemblage are
very much in earnest in their respective
opinions as to what course their associa
tion shall determine upon for ita future
welfare.
Delegates have been arriving all day,
and to-night the National Hotel, which is
their headquarters, presents a very ani
mated congregation of men with A. P. A.
buttons on the lapels of their coats, and
all of them indisposed to enter nto con
versation that would throw much light
upon what is about to hnppen in the con
sultations of their order.
It is evident that there are many
aggressively strong McKinley men among
the delegates of his politjfal faith, but it is
also noticeable that Linton buttons shine
on many br<.a3ts with no little emphatic
aggressiveness. The entire proceedings
to-day have been devoid of any very parti
cular interest. The advisory ' board's
movement against Major McKinley is not
likely to be considered until Thursday.
\irnrnaua Canal Bill favorably Reported
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 12.-Tne
House Committee on Interstate and For
eign Commerce to-day by a vote of 7 to 4
ordered a favorable report on the Nica
ragua canal bill with amendments.
♦
TO CLOSE ARE SESSION
Topic* Before the Jiepublican Steering
' . Committee.
WASHINGTON, 'D. C, May ; 12.-The
Republican Senatorial steering committee
will meet to-morrow to consider the order
of business and arrange for the closing of
the session. There is a difference of opin
ion among the members of that commit
tee as to what should be done with the bill
to repeal the free alcohol clause of the
present tariff act, but the best information
is that the majority of the committee will
recommend to the Republican caucus that
the bill be passed. - •
Immigration, bankruptcy, refunding; of
the Pacific;, roads and several other
measures are being championed by various
Senators, but it is nut thought that any of
those will be taken up unless it be for the
purpose of making speeches while appro
priation bills are in conference. Owing to
delay in passing the . river and harbor Dili
the adjournment of the Senate, by mutual
consent, appears to have been advanced a
week, and the -leaders now- say that the
end . will hardly come before ; the Btb of
June. ' ' • . ■
RECENT EVENTS
IN THE ORIENT
The Russo-Japanese Under
standing With Regard
to Korea.
AN ILLOGICAL COMPACT.
Frightful Fall Over a Precipice
of a Missionary Who Was
Cycling.
BOAT UPSET ON THE YANGTSE.
Forty Persons Drownei — The Coptic
Breaks the Record— Nanking to
Have a Mint.
TOKIO, Japan, April 26.— An entente
has been established between Japan and
Russia with reference to Korean affairs.
The details of the arrangement have not
been definitely settled, but its general out
lines are that the two powers will hence
forwurd co-operate to preserve good order
in Korea.
Tne importance of the event in its bear
ings upon the peace of the Orient cannot
be overestimated, but from a historical
point of view it presents some singular
features. An inevitable outcome of the
interference of Russia, German y and
France last year in the matter of
Liaotung, it is at the same time
diametrically opposed to the avowed pur
pose of that interference. The three
powers insisted that Japan must retire
from her newly acquired positions along
the Yalu, on the littoral of the Yellow
Sea and at the entrance of the Gulf of
Pechili, because, thus posted, she would
have K'>rea at her mercy, and tho inde-»
pendence of the little kingdom would be
illusory. In a word, Russia, Germany
and France came upon the stage as assert
ers of Korean independence. Their logical
sequence of procedurfl would have been
to practically guarantee that, indepen
dence—to convert Korea into the Belgium
of the East. But they were not logical.
They confined themselvss to a step that
merely crippled Japan's controlling in
fluence in Korea without providing any
efficient substitute for it.
A terrible bicycline accident happened
on the road from Fukui to Tsuruza, on the
west coast of Japan, on the 14th of April.
The Rev. J. B. Porter, a Kioto mission
ary, who was bicycling towaid Tsuruga,
fell over a cliff some 350 feet high. A
Japanese postman saw the accident and
hastened to give the alarm, soon collect
ing two parties of Japanese, one to pro
ceed by boat along the coast, the other to
follow the road over the cliff. The former
found the unfortunate gentleman and
carried him to a hospital. He was seri
ouily injured, but his recovery is not de
spaired of.
Hand-musters of new leaf that have
arrived Yokohama indicate that this
year's crop of Japan tea will probably be
superior to that of last year in luster and
flavor.
The Occidental and Oriental steamer
Coptic, which arrived in Yokohama on
April 22, made the record voyage for her
line from San Francisco, her time being
13 days, 15 hours and 33 minutes.
The great English firm of Jardine,
Miitheson & Co. have secured the first
contract in connection with Chinese rail
way construction — 10,000 casks of Portland
cement and 2200 tons of steel rails and
fastenings.
China's chances of acquiring a good pos
tal service have boen immensely improved
by the appointment of Sir Robert Hart to
bs Postmaster-General of tne empire.
The attention of foreign merchants in
China has been drawn to the fact that
whereas the Japanese in Formosa collect
only $1 12 export duty per picul on tea,
Chinese tea exported from Amoy has to
pay $3 84 per picul. Shippers of Oolong
from Amoy are very closely touched by
this difference, which must eventually tell
materially in favor of the Formosan prod
uct.
The new French Consul and Madame
Haas, on their way up the river to Chung
king, had a vivid experience of the dan
gers of Yangtse navigation. A boat car
rying some sixty people foundered in full
view and only twenty were rescued from
the swift current.
It is noted in Peking that the Emperor of
China has not resumed his English studies,
which were interrupted by the war with
Japan.
A significant and terrible incident is re
ported from Peking. Recently a young
eunucti named Kan, who had graduated
at the Tientsin College, prepared a mem
orial, setting forth in strong terms the
faults of the Emperor and the Empress
Dowager. He presented it to the latter,
and the imperial lady, haying receivedjhis
assurance that the document emanated
from himself, and having seen him in
dorse it, ordered him to be bound and
executed. The youth's only fault was that
he desired to see abuses corrected. He is
not iikely to hnd imitators.
Hopes are not high as to the beneficent
influence of the re-established reform
society in Peking. Its head and founder,
Mr. Wen Jingshih, has been banished
from the capital and permanently dis
qualified for holding office. That he bad
given injudicious license to his tongue
there can be no doubt, but an idea pre
vails that t i.c gravamen of his offense was
anxiety for reform.
The Viceroy of the Liangkiang has con
trncted with the Shanghai firm of Buch
heister & Co. for the erection of a mint at
Nanking, Inside the city, for silver and
copper coinage. According to accounts
published in Shanghai the mint will be
capable of turning out 100,000 silver coins
and 1,000,000 copper cash a day. Tue
silver coins will be dollars exactly equiva
lent to Mexicans.
In Shantung the results of t lie war with
Japan are depicted in roughly sketched
pictures representing nennl successes for
the C unese arms. Among the prisoners
led along with ropes about tiieir necks by
the victorious Celestials, Englishmen and
Frenchmen, labeled as such, usually fig'
ure.
COUNTER TENOR WINS
Defeats Sir Walter and inhry fast Ones,
in the. Handicap.
MORRIS PARK RACE TRACK, N. V.,
May 12. — The Metropolitan handicap was
the attraction on this the opening day,
and the fact that Henry of Navarre did
not start was something of a disappoint
ment. The start hi the big event was not
an exceptionally good one. Hornpipe
took command, closely followed by Sir
Walter, with the rest bunched. They ran
in this order to the hill top, where Sir
Walter showed a bit in front of Hornpipe.
The rest were about two lengths away.
Rounding for home, Hornpipe showed
signs of distress, and Sir Walter turned
for borne with a good lead, soon killing off
Rubicon. He was challenged a sixteenth
from tue grand stand, however, by Counter
Tenor and St. Maxim, and a lighting finish
resulted, Counter Tenor winning by a
head from the fast-coming St. Maxim,
who was only a head in advance of Sir
Walter.
Five furlongs, Hastings won, Beldemere sec
ond, Gotham third. Time, :59.
One mile, Lehman won, Brisk second, Copy
right third. Time, 1:41.
Juvenile stakes, five furlongs, Casseopia
won. Bastion second, Caldron third. Time,
X tOO>
The Metropolitan handicap, one mile and a
furlong, Counter Tenor, 115 (Hamilton), 4 to
1, won; St. Maxim, 109 (Dosrgett). 20 to 1, sec
ond; Sir Walter. 122 (Taral), 6 to 5, third.
Time, 1 :53. Rubicon and Uoran also ran.
Half a mile, Challenger won, Fireside second,
Royal Rose third. Time, :t9.
One mile and a sixteenth, Shakespeare II
won, Sherlock second. Time, 1A7 1 A- Two
starters.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 12.— Results:
Four and a half furlongs, Buckvidere won,
Prince Lormis second, Forsy the third. Time,
:56>^.
Five and a half furlongs, David won, Ar
gentina second, Towerest third. Time,
1:08^. .-;,:; ',
Six nirlongs. Belle Star won, Mercury sec
ond, Hush third. Time, 1:16.
One mile and twenty yards, Free Advice won,
Won't Dance second, Urania third. Time,
Six furlongs, Frontier won, Nicholas second,
imp. King Gold third. Time 1:15)4.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 12.— Results:
Six furlongs, Jake Ziirmerman won, Hol
lirigsworth second, Leonai* third. Time, 1:19.
Five furlongs, Vanessa won. Lord Zeni sec
ond, Performance third. Time, ] :04 1 .,'.
One mile, Probasco won. Anna Lvle Becond,
Mate third. Time, 1:463-4.
Four furlongs, Eugenic \Vicks won, Remp sec
ond, Con Reascan third. Time, :50-^.
Biz furlongs, Twinkle won, Eli 'second, Mo
tilla third. Time, 1 :24^.
ON THE BALL FIELD
The ColU Bat Out a Victory in the Eighth
Inning.
CHICAGO, 111., May 12.— The Colts
batted out a victory in the eighth inning
to-day after two meu were out and defeat
aeemel certain. Good fielding was the
feature on both sides. The base running
of the visitors was poor. Score:
Chlcaeos 1000 00 0 4 *-5 7 3
Bosions 200000000—2 8 '2
Batteries— Kit t ridge and Griffith, Sullivan and
Uanzel. Umpires — Weidman aud Keefe.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 12,— T0-day's
game was full of errors and stupid plays.
The locals could not bit Mercer. Attend
ance 1000. Score:
Cincinnatis 30 0 0 10.000—4 7 3
Washini-tous 02310 00 0 o—6 19 7
Batteries— Rhlnes. Ehret and Peitz; ilercer aud
McGuire. Umpire— Hurst
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 12.— Score:
8L Lonis 020000100—3 5 6
Baltimore*. 2 3 10 00 2 2 0-10 11 3
KiiMories— Donahue, McOoiual and McKarlttud;
Hofler and Clark. Umpire— Kmslle.
CLEVELAND, Ohio., May 12.— Score:
Clevelands 2 1300 0 20 2—lo 17 4
Pbiladelphlas 002 00 0 5 0 1-8 19 4
Batteries— Wilson, Young and Zlmmer; Orth,
McGill, dements and Boyle. Umpire— .Lynch.
LOUISVILLE. Ky., May 12.— Score:
Loulsvilles. 320000030—8 11 3
BrooWlyns 00700 100 1— » I_' 3
Batteries— McDermott, Kraser and Warner;
Payne, Abbey aud Burrell. Umpires— Grim land
Cuunlngham.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 12.— Score:
Plttsburgs 201002002—7 13 4
New Yorks 0000 02 2 13—8 12 2
BattertPs— Hnwley and Merritt, Meekln and Far
rell. Umpire— Sheridan.
♦
.Veto Target Rules.
STOCKTON, Cal., May 12.— Secretary
Schaefer or the California Inanimate
Target Association to-day issued a circular
letter calling on the delegates to the board
of governors of the association to meet
here next Sunday to consider matters per
tair.ing to the tournament to be held here
on May 30 and 31. One of the most im
portant matters that will come up for con
sideration will be the taking up of an
amendment tr> tbe by-lawsof the organiza
tion. This will be inserted for the purpose
of determining wnat are correct and wtiat
are not proper records in gun club shoots,
and will be a very good addition to the
working rules of tbe associarion. This
amendment will provide for a committee
on records, to consist of three members,
each from a aifferent club, who must pass
on any State record made by a member of
any club that belongs to the association.
It also provides thafa suitable gold medal
shall be given to any one making a new
State record for consecutive breaks in any
match of the association.
Baseball at Portland.
PORTLAND. Ob., May 12.— Admirers of
the National game had an opportunity to
day to contribute their mite to the Harry
Wright monument fund. The grounds
were in better shape than at any time
since the new Pacific League season
opened, but tne attendance was scarcely
3<jO. The Portland Gladiators met a team
of old amateur club players — semi-profes
sionals — who have been waiting for a
month for a game. The amateurs were easy
marks for the professionals. The game
was slow and tame.
Portland 4 4 100010 3—ll 10 1
Mu'.tnomah 0 10 0 2 0 2 0 0— 596
Batteries: Portland— Fennlmore, VanGiesen and
Frisbre. Mnltnomah— Sartz, Verstees and Gacike
Umpire— Suggs.
Training at Stanford.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.— May
12. — The track men are beginning their
training for the Western Intercollegiate
Meet at Chicago and if the financial prop
osition comes out all right they will be
ready to meet all opponents at that time.
Nearly all the best athletes have gone into
training and are hard at work. It will not
take more than two weeks to bring the
men into their best form, as they have all
kept themselves in good condition since
the field day.
an you afford to have
your face and hands filled with pimples
and bl.jod blotches? If you can — if you
want boils in your hair, on your face, on
your body, all over yourself— if you wish
great big sarsaparilla trademarks on your
face— use a sarsaparilla containing iodide
of potassium. If you want a cleau face, a
clean stomach, a clean body, use
Testimonial.
The Edw. W. Joy Company— Sirs: I
have been a sufferer from a horrible olood
disease for the last five years. Have suf-
fered untold misery, boto bodily and men-
tally. Have used Joy's Vegetable Sarsa»
panlla continually, and have derived won-
derful benefits from it.
I ha'i ruined my stomach by taking
mercury and potash until I became a
chronic dyspeptw, unable to retain the
least solid on my stomach. At the writ-
ing can ent anything and digest" it thor-
oughly without any inconvenience. Wnen
I commenced taking Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla I weighed 125 pounds, now I
weigh 160 y.ounds, feel well, eat well and
believe I am well, but will continue taking
the remedy right along.
You may publish this, as I want all Buf-
ferers to be benented by my experience.
(Signed) MR. THOMAS' Q. BROWN,
Mayfield, Cal.
SHUN THE SUBSTITUTE.
HUDYAN W HEN YOU BEGIN TO
T * have bad dreams,
HIinVAN when -you begin to feel
nUUTMIN tired and weary in the
moraine:, when you can't
H U.D V AN; look - your fellow square in
nuuinn the face> when you feel
.._.__, a_. timid, irritated and ex-
HUDYAN cited, then is the time that
you must have a triend to
LJlinv AM help you. Hudyanisyour
M U YA IN friend. Hudyan is man's
best friend. Hudyan stops
HUDYAN bad dreams, night losses, ■
1 • w *-' « ".'".■ cures failing manhood, re-
_-___-_ _ __ news, remakes man. If
HUDYAN you .don't sleep well, if
your appetite Is poor, if
Ulinv am you are suffering from the
nUUYAIN effects of youthful follies,
you should take Hudyan.
HUDVAN You need something to
nuuiniN brace you up. Take the
vi m\/ a best you can get. You
M U YA IN can get Hudyan only by
applying to the doctors of
miHVAM the Hudson Medical In-
nUUYAN stitute.
* **••••• • • • * *
• HUDYAN it
Circulars and Testimonials
* FREE. if
*•••••• • • • • • •
HUDSON MEDICAL OSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
TAINTED BLOOD.
i THKTrIV-fil.flftfi s . Impure blood, due to
JA:B!El» BLOOD carries myriads disorders,
TAlfllEn BLOOD Cft rries myriads of K>re-
I TJIVTIi'Ik RMWHI producing germs. Then
lALili'ill IiUMJIF come sore throat, pimples,
TAI\TRI) BLOOD copper-colored spots, . ul-
miivmrK mmm cers in mouth, old sorts
TAIIMFD BLOOD and falling hair. You can
TAINTED BLOOD save a trip to Hot Springs
liliiUbU. KLOOl) by writing for ''Biood
TAINTED BLOOD Book" to the old physi-
HUDSOS MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and £11U Sti. "
KIDNEYS Many men lead rap*«
ir i r-vik! r- -kto lives and subject them-
KIDNEYS selves to such baneful
practices that their kid-
I/IHWCVC neys are almost used ap.
MUINCIO These are a few of the
' effects of wasted kidneys:
KIDNEYS Great Weakness—
IX l-IV -' —Excessive Quantity of
i/irMiin\/o Water Passed — Emucia-
KIDNEYS tion— Specific Gravity
High— Bilious Attacks—
I 1/inMCVC Cramps— Neuralgic Pains
I IN. ILJ IN C I —Sudden Sweats—
of Vision— Catarrh— Lcsa
KIDNEYS of Sexual Power— Mouth
■ rVIL/nCpl ° Dry -Tongue Coated —
i/inKirvo Gums Sore and Bleed Eas-
KIDNEYS ily-Appetiie Variable-
- Flatulence — Constipation
: I/inMcvO or Di&rrhoea— Skin Dry
; IS. 1U IN I O and • Yellowish — Boils —
Carbuncle — Eczema and
KIDNEYS Swelling of Low-
! ■'---"— o cr Extremities — Loss of
ixir»Mn\ro Flesh. If you want to
KIDNEYS learn all about your kid-
neys write for the. book,
KIDNEYS ney S ." nOWledge °
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Kllia Sts.
LIVER When your liver is affected
v *-»» you may feel blue, melancholy.
i iwrn irritable and easily discon-
LlVfc.R certed. You will notice many
symptoms that you really have,
I I\/I7D ai) d many that you really do not
«—* VCn have. You need a good liver
regulator, and this you should
lIVER take at once - You can get it
i_t v i-™ .from us .Write for book on
i nrrn liver troubles, "AH About the
LIVER Liver, " sent free.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.,.
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
j J — do you want^ffl l&rat
® more in a bicycle? JOT 2
I i is more in the •
Monarch ££j;
4)4 models. $80 and $100, fully' guaranteed, * For ( I
I ) children and adulu w'jo wane a lover price whetl I I
I | the Defiance i< made In BmodeU, {40. $50, $SO,S;S. i\
I [ ■ Send lor Monarch book. ■ <>
,| MONARCH CYCLE MFG. CO., Z
I ; 8 und 6 Croat St., San Francisco. - j j
/s£%& <2&%srV
/**■£* BICYCLES «* I
a™O MARKET Si: 1 f sl
LIPOTAIJP^ W^\
Chinese Tea and Herb L. X,3
Sanitorimn, ■ . c^*—®
No. 727 Washington St., \.£ 3
San Francisco, Cal. . V%7 V
Cor. Brenhum Pl»3* »oo v« Vfe,- A
tieplazjL »J»>w
Office Hours: 9to 18, —^m/JiS^S
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *^hfio'
day, 9 A. 31. to 12 31.
Li Po Tal Jr., son of the famous 14 Pa
Tal, has taken his father's business,
and is,' after. : eleven years' study la
China, fully prepared to locata aai
treat all diseases.
•-;■- ; ; ; ..
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAIIIANA JUITTKKS» THK
O treat Mexican Kemedy; give* iiealUt *«1
, BtrengtU to the SexiuJ Orgun* ■
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDdE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier. .$0.15
Daily mid Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . . .. 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. S.OO
Daily and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bonday Call, one year, by mall-.. 1.50
Wuxiv Call, one year, by mall.. 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon going to the country on a vacation ? If
to, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
We phones ..Main— lß6B
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
017 Clay Street.
Telephone ..Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
1:50 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open tint 9:80 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tW, corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opeß
intn 9 o'clock. - > • ■■■•;';'.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 KlnUt street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
rooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Bow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
WEDNESDAY MAY 13, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Populism is willing to absorb Democ
racy, but it won't fuse.
The Omaha platform is too big for the
Democratic donkey to pull into camp.
The trouble with the Junta is that it
takes itself by the throat too seriously.
Greater New York seems to have taken
in most everything, but Chicago isn't in it.
"Get thee behind me, Satan," say the
Populists, and Democracy goes to the
rear.
There will be no withdrawals from the
race at St. Louis— all the favorites are
stayers.
It is about time for the Senate Finance
Committee to begin to turn the cathode
ray on the bond deals.
It may be overwork that fatigues Cleve
land, but it is his apparent lack of vigor
that makes the people tired.
Until the Si. Louis convention has done
its wort there will hardly be anything else
worth talking about in this country.
Colorado will go to St. Louis resolute for
free silver, and she will find California
ready to stand with her in the tight.
This is a good year for political revivals,
as 81l the converts will come into the party
of patriotism, protection and prosperity.
Sacramento may be proud of two of her
political conventions this year, but over
the third one she may have to draw a veil.
If Senator Frye would take a look at the
mart he would see that after ail Mr. Hunt
ington is not so big as the whole of Cali
fornia.
It is high time for some Senator to make
a speech and tell the country what the
Senate has done to earn its salary this
session.
The proposed fiesta is beginning to
assume the shape of a definite promise,
and we may get it in September as a relief
from politics.
From this time on whenever a Chicago
man goes to New York he will speak of it
as a rustication among the truck gardens
and dairy farms.
The fiesta idea in San Francisco should
be realized before this year's flowers fade
even if we have to make it a fiesta of
chrysanthemums.
It is very difficult to find just now in
any part of the country a Democratic news
paper that is giving any of its valuable
space to Democratic politics.
Now that a plan for a park for the Mis
sion district has been brought forward it
should be kept to the front until it has
Been successfully carried out.
It is becoming more and more evident
that if Oinej should make a good strike
before the Chicago convention meets
Cleveland would try tor the third base.
Now tnat the proposed early adjourn
ment of Congress has become uncertain
the defeat of the funding bill is also un
certain, and the thing needs more watch
ing. ____*____
The little flurry with Spain comes just
in time to point out the folly of the Senate
,m trying to cut down the appropriations
for the navy from four new battle-ships to
two.
With Populists as with Republicans,
straight politics is the best policy this
year. It is only demoralised Democracy
that can gain anything by crooked com
bines.
The Queen Regent says Bpain will not
abandon the mission of civilization she
has taken upon herself, but really it would
be better abandoned than turned into a
Cuban butcher-shop.
Wi erever Californians meet in any
assembly in these days the funding
scheme is denounced, and, still there are
people who profess to doubt if that is the
real sentiment of the State.
It was quite appropriate in the Super
visors of the State at their good roads con
vention to denounce the refunding scheme,
as the best way to improve the Central
Pacific road is to foreclose the mortgage
and break down the monopoly.
Over $2,000,000 la gold was withdrawn
from the treasury for export ou Monday
and the surplus in the reserve is rapidly
diminishing. We may have another bond
issue to reckon with before we get through
with the one more year of Grover.
Senator Hili has arranged that the Dem
ocratic State Convention in New York
shall be held after all other State conven
tions are otfer, and it is easy to understand
what he did it for. Nobody is going to
make him leap before he looks this time.
It is reported from Berlin that the
Reichstag has decided to limit the output
of sugar this year to 17,000,000 double cent
ners. This is intended, of course, to keep
the price up, but it won't hurt us. While
they are raising prices we can be raising
eugar.
A METROPOLITAN FETE.
Stirred at last to activity by the bril
liancy and success of the carnivals which
nearly every other city and town in the
State has held, or is preparing to hoid,
San Francisco has begun a movement to
have a great carnival of its own. Very
properly the sentiment ol the initial meet
ing wa§ that the event be set for tl.e au
tumn, as all the other cities hold theirs in
the spring, when flowers are in the height
of their glory. The San Francisco affair
must be essentially different from all the
others by reason of the fact tbat a floral
festival would not be as appropriate here
as in the interior cities, which have more
room for the cultivation cf flowers.
The bodies represented at the meeting
held Monday evening at the Baldwin
Hotel were the State Development Society,
the State Board of Trade, the Commercial
Travelers' Association, the Native Sons of
the Golden West, the Manufacturers' and
Producers' Association, the California
Hotel Association and the Geographical
Society of the Pacific. That was an excel
lent start. In addition to these, the com
mittee appointed to arrange a plan of per
manent organization and to report at the
meeting to be held at the Baldwin next
Monday evening contains members repre
senting the Merchants' Association, the
Half-million Club, the Chamber of Com
merce, the Liquor-dealers' Association
and the San Francisco Stock Exchange.
Doubtless the central managing commit
tee, which the permanent organization
will appoint, will include still other civic
bodies working for the general good in va
rious directions.
The great problem to be solved is the
kind of festival to hold. Manifestly it
would be neither wise nor appropriate to
have a flower carnival. An industrial fete
would be an incongruous idea, and that
point has been already covered by arrange
ments for the great joint exhibition in
September. As considerations of spectac
ular effects cannot be left out of the ac
count a grand carnival in which games
would be a leading feature would seem to
be appropriate, with such incidents as
splendid fireworks and a night of masquer
ade jollity. .
Or it might be well to make the cele
bration of the National holiday the central
idea of tlie fete. By a fortunate accident
the Fourth of July this year falls on Satur
day, which is the proper day for bringing
such a carnival to a close. The only diffi
culty would be that as carnivals keep their
masquerade feature for the close there
might be objection to winding up the event
with a masquerade on the evening of the.
Fourth after a grand patriotic celebration
in the daytime. Besides all that, San
Francisco is usually more windy and foggy
in July than in any other month. The
pleasantest days of the year fall in the
late autumn.
Whatever may be the decision of the
managers, they will assume a great re
sponsibility, though no fear tbat they will
overlook that fact need be entertained.
A COMMERCIAL PESTILENCE.
The Wilson-Gorman tariff act has
proven itself to be a veritable commercial
pestilence— a pestilence that eats into the
vitals of the country's trade, traffic and
industries. Practically every line of busi
ness has been seriously weakened by its
poisonous touch, but none have suffered
more at its devouring hands than the
farmer and the industrial operative. It is
claimed by the friends of the bili that by
putting the one item of wool on the free
list a great saving is made in the cost of
woolen goods to the consumer, which is
true as far a3 it goes, but they fail to point
out how losses are incurred by the opera
tion of the bill in other directions, which
a great deal more than counterbalances
the alleged saving. The fact is, by reason
of the Democratic tariff, or rather because
of the absence of a proper tariff, which
permits British-made woolen soods to
enter our markets, our home mills do uot
get orders for more if as much as 75 per
cent of their capacity.
The consequence of this is that our
woolen-mill operatives are on one-half to
three-quarters time, which in turn reduces
their income exactly in the same ratio,
which in turn again is reflected in the
markets where they purchase their sup
plies. Does it pay a man to lie idle from
three to six months in the year to save
probably $20 in a year's supply of woolen
goods? Does it pay a farmer to let his
surplus produce rot in the field or in the
granary in order to save perhaps $25 on
his woolen goods purchases in a whole
year? But that is exactly the way the
Wilson-Gorman bill works.
And what is true of woolen goods is true
of nearly every other line of manufacture.
Fqreign manufacturers are not only in
vifed by the Wilson-Gorman act to come
in competition with our home industries,
but they are enabled to fix the price at
which our mills shall sell their product.
Now, the inevitable consequence of the
continuation of the Democratic alleged
tariff act will be to either shut up our in
dustries or reduce the wages of their oper
atives to a level with the wage schedules
of the old country. In fact, that would
have been done on the very day that the
present tariff act became a law but for the
faith manufacturers had in the good sense
of the people of America to right the
great wrong done them by the Democratic
party at the very next National election.
That the people will overthrow free trade
and again place the country where Presi
dent Harrison left it there is not the
shadow of a doubt, but what is every
body's business is nobody's business,
hence The Call urges those who are more
anxious about the prosperity of their own
country than about how Europe is getting
on, to begin now to organize for the No
vember battle.
A PROPOSED REFORM
The Merchants' Association of Los An
geles, supported by the Board of Trade
and Chamber of Commerce of that city,
has begun an agitation in favor of a reform
in the method of assessing and collecting
taxes In this State. The object of tiie re
form is to remove evils in the present sys
tem and provide for greater equity in
assessments and greater simplicity, direct
ness and economy in both assessing and
collecting.
The plan favored by the association is
the adoption by California of the tax sys
tem now in use in Ohio. It has been
tested there by the practice of many years,
and is reported to be on the whole more
satisfactory to the taxpayers and more
economical to the government than that
which prevails in most other American
commonwealths. For the purpose of edu
cating the people on the subject, a small
pamphlet by T. W. Brotherton of Los
Angeles has been published, giving a brief
outline of the proposed reform, and is be
ing wideiy circulated.
Under the plan proposed the County and
City Treasurers act as tax collectors for
their respective corporations, and the
County Auditor acts as Assessor. When
the returns of the assessments are made
they are open for inspection at the Audi
tor's office, and any exceptions to valua
tions can De appealed to the Supervisors.
A State board revise* the tax returns of
THE SAN FRAXCISCU CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
all counties so as to equalize them, and
the valuation thus fixed remains the same
for ten years unless some special cause oc
curs for making a change. If ten years
should be too lone a time for California a
rive years' term could be fixed. Where any
cause for cnange in valuation, such as a
fire, the erection of new buildings, the
opening of new roads, occurs, a board con
sisting of the Couuty Auditor and the
Supervisors acts as a board of equalization
in revising it.
The benefits to be derived from the
change are the decrease in the number of
officials, the simplicity of the work, the
economy it establishes and the relief of the
taxpayer from the labor, confusion and
loss which now results from a search in
various offices located in different places to
ascertain how much he m3y owe to State,
county, city or assessment districts.
The subject is one that can hardly es
cape the consideration of intelligent tax
payers and the Merchants' Association of
Los Angeles has certainly done well in
bringing that consideration to the point of*
regarding the subject as one of practical
politics at this time. We are about to
elect a new Legislature and the lawmakers
of the State will assemble next winter. If
we are to have relief from the existing
evils of tax assessments and collections
this is certainly the time to discuss the
form it is to take.
A CLEAR RESOLUTION.
With but two dissenting votes the State
Convention of Boards of Supervisors of
California has passed & resolution pro
testing against the passage of a railroad
refunding bill by Congress. A significant
feature ot the matter is that this subject
wa3 not embraced in the call for the con
vention, and that although an effort was
made to shut it out on that ground the
convention decided that it had a right to
assume the privilege of expressing its
opinion.
The value of such an opinion from
such a source must not be underval
ued. County Supervisors, more clearly
than any other public officers, represent
the producing classes, the men of brawn
and character who regard politics as a
means to a worthy end and who constitute
the backbone of prosperity and sound
public sentiment. They are directly con
cerned with public affairs bearing on the
fundamental principles of the general
welfare. In California they fully under
stand the railroad question, having no
delusions, cherishing no prejudices and
serving no private or political interest aa
a class. The men whom they elect as
Supervisors are strictly representative of
them and are selected with great care.
These boards ar« composed of men repre
senting all parties. In every phase of a
broad question they reflect the opinions
held by the sober^ntelligence and earnest
patriotism of the State.
For such a eathering of public officers to
pass such a resolution as that which was
adopted at San Jose last Monday is the
most significant of all the indications
which have appeared to make known
wishes of the people of California. It was
as follows:
Whereas, a bill is now before Congress to
refund the debts of the defaulting Govern
ment-aided overland railways; and whereas,
the enactment of the bill will" work a hardship
on the State of California and on the territory
tributary to said railways.
Resolved, That the boards of County Super
visors of the State of California in convention
assembled strongly protest against the enact
ment of said refunding bill, and request all
members of the Fifty-fourth Congress friendly
to the Pacific Coast to vote against it. What
ever may oe their opinions as to the policy of
permitting the Government to own and oper
ate railways, there should be no difference of
opinion as to the impartial treatment of cor
porations or citizens in our courts of law. To
recognize by legislation that there is one law
for the poor and another for the rich Is to in
vite anarchy and bloodshed. Tho courts
should be permitted to settle the question in
accordance with the law, and it does not follow
that foreclosure must be followed by Govern
ment operation of the railways thus acquired.
On the contrary, it is evident that they can be
sold or leased to far better advantage than as
now operated, both to the United States Gov
ernment and to the people who are dependent
upon them lor transportation.
Resolved, That attested copies of this resolu
tion be sent to the President of the United
States and to the California delegation in the
Fifty-fourth Congress.
It will be interesting to note how Mr.
Huntington will attempt to explain this
resolution on the ground already taken by
him that only a few "professional agitators
and irresponsible newsoapers" in Califor
nia offer any objection to the scheme
which would give him complete domina
tion over the welfare of California for a
century to come. The farmers of this
State, who are strictly represented by the
Boards of Supervisors, know too well what
that would mean. They can judce future
burdens by those which they have been
comDelied to bear in the past. The digni
fied tone of the resolution and its manly
reasons for declining to raise the issue of
Government ownership deprive funding
advocates of every possible excuse to
charge "professional agitators" with its
inspiration.
"THE WEEKLY CALL."
The most imjiortani telegraphic news
will always be found in a condensed form
in The Weekly Call, in addition to
editorials and local news. In nearly all
other departments the Weekly represents
the result of a week's newsgathering. in a
comprehensive manner.
The agricultural department is prepared
with a view of treating intelligently con
ditions peculiar to California, supple
mented always with the result of agricul
tural experiments in other States. This
department is peculiarly complete, ana. by
reason of its treatment of local features,
of unusual merit. All departments of
farm work are treated, and attention is
Given to the orchard, the farm, the dairy,
the apiary, the garden and the poui try
yard.
The page devoted to mining news is also
comprehensive, and presents more infor
mation concerning California mines and
minerals than may be found in any other
paper on the coast.
The issue for the current week appears
this morning, and a study of it will show
how thoroughly it covers all points of the
ne\, and topics of interest to city and
country. It is an ideal paper to send to
Eastern friends to give them information
concerning the conditions and advantages
of life and industry in California, and all
who are willing to assist in advertising the
State cannot do better than to send a year's
subscription to the friends they have left
in their former homes.
The Merchants' Association of Los An
geles has started an agitation for reform
in the method of assessing and collecting
taxes in this State, and proposes the adop
tion of the Ohio system, which having
been thoroughly tried has been proven to
be simple, direct and thoroughly efficient
and economical.
Senator Hill has so frequently declared
that he is no friend of the administra
tion a suspicion is naturally raised that
he opposes an investigation of the bond
deals because be is a friend of the Wall
street syndicate.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Captain Guy Howard of the United Btates
army, son of General O. O. Howard, arrived at
the Occidental Hotel from the East last night.
Captain Howard, whose father made such a
notable record as an Indian fighter and in the
War of the Rebellion, is a tall, athletic appear
ing man. His hair is brown and his mustache
a demi-Dlonde, while his features are clear cut
and what may be called hnudsome. He wears
a long overcoat, moves with a sweeping stride
and carries a healthy looting walking stick.
He is very tall.
Captain Howard gets around like a man who
has many things to do and was thinking of
Captain Guy Howard, the Son of General O. O. Howard, Who Arrived Last Night.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.}
many things. With his friend, Mr. Frost, Ir e " ,
night, be walked to and fro and discussed the j
things that were new on the coast since he left.
It is said that he is interested in mining in
Colorado and also in the Sierras and altogether
Is much like Jesse R. Grant in his tastes for
digging for silver and gold. He is credited
with being a skilled mlnin-? engineer
He will be in ban Frano'sco for some time.
Manuel Casin, the bold freebooter who sailed
some months ago with Antonio Ezeta on the
Barclay Golden on a conquest of Salvador, is
keeping out of tne way of the multitudes in
this City and lamenting his losses on the re
cent filibustering trip. Cabin no longer haunts
| the corridors of the leading hotels, as afore-
I time. His exchequer is said to be in a sadly
I depleted state. Casin say- himself he sank
I twenty thousand dollars on the trip. Time
j was when Casin was in it big in
i Salvador. He had all the concessions for
I making aguadiente. and be made a lot of it,
and sold- it at big prices. Aguadiente is the
Spanish liquor which in Salvador is as much
prized as bonrbon is in certain parts of this
fair land. Many was the gooa dollar that
Casin raked in from hi? big distillery monop
oly, bnt Casin could give the people cards and
spades on several other things besides the
aguadient* business. He had the whole con
cessions for furnishing guns and uniforms and
other supplies to the troops of Salvador.
He knew how to make hay when the sun
shone, and according to the gossip afloat he
made a large harvest. Some two years ago
Casin, frebh from the scenes of his triumph* in
Salvador, put up at the Palace Hotel. An en
emy ot the bold Casin was also in this City,
named Andres Amayo, and the two gentlemen
soon had the town notified that they were
looking for each other's blood. Casin's quar
ters were fortified by a couple of gleaming Win
chesters and a brace of blazing pistols. The ter
rible Amayo was quartered In a house on Cali
fornia street. Both breathed forth threaten
ings and slaughter and went into the daily
press to emphasize their contempt for each
other, but they never shot, and those who were
hourly looking on and anticipating a tragedy
were forced to swallow their disappointment.
Now Amayo li on top in Salvador, and Casin,
whose rich red blood boiled within him, is ly
ing low in San Francisco, waitiug for a turn of
tho wheel.
SHALL WE?
When we all have made our millions, and on terra
pin Slip.
And play at stocks and railroads instead of seven
up,
Do you think our thoughts will linger with persist
ency Intense
On thftlme when we were dining for the sum of
fifteen cents T
Do you think we'll feel a yearning lor the days be
fore the boom,
When we stored our few possessions In a six-by
seven roomT
Do you think wp'il linger sadly at the Greenback
Club to quote
Reminiscence of dinners at the side-street table
d'bo.eT
I have known them dolt ofien— in a novel.lt Is
true —
Weep »or days when coats were threadbare and
the bills were always due;
And my lond anticipation is that somo day yon
and 1
Shall be In the proud position where we'll have a
ciiunce to try. — Washington Voat.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
THE LION IN THE WAY.
President of the Tri-County W. C. T. U.
Criticizes Joaquiu Miller.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sib:
Mr. Miller's lecture on "Tho Lion in the Way,"
given at Pacific Grove under the auspices of
the W. C. T. U., was very severely criticised by
the convention and the audience. Knowing
that Mr. Miller had been giving lectures before
teachers' institutes which were well received,
he was invited in good faith to lecture at the
grove. Mr. Miller promised a "suitable lec
ture," and from hia standpoint it might seem
so, but from the standpoint of the W. C. T. U.
it was a direct blow to their work, the purpose
and spirit of which he most certainly does not
understand or appreciate.
A letter from Mr. Miller in reply to one ask
ing some explanation says: "An easy thing it
has been to cry against wine; my war cry is
against intern iterance. 1 have worked long
and bard, especially in Great Britain, on this
line, and as I have the approval of great and
good men there, as well as my own conscience
entirely, lam content to leave the rest to
Him."
Mr. Miller's war cry against intemperance
was greatly misunderstood by the audience.
It sounded like a plea for the wine industry.
The greatest "lion" in our way is man him
self—not "barley fields," nor "bankers," nor
"brokers," but men.
Barley fields and wheat fields and vineyard
could give work to the unemployed through
whose industry the Uttlo ones could be fed,
without turning their product* into a home
destroyer. Banks would become distributing
agencies but for the injustice and greed of
men. Mr. Miller was right in saying "we must
reach the hearts of these men as Jesus did,"
i»nd ir ever a band of fearless Christian work
ers were seeking the Christ way it is the W. C.
Man governs himself by legislation became
of his own undeveloped will, therefore we
seek to protect him by legislation. We never
say a man shall not drink, but we seek to pro
hibit nuisances and death-dealing instrument
alities.
We seek to inspire men who in the full
ripe |age of manhood can be ideals for the
young, towers of strength to the State and so
ciety. Men for whom a pure woman will not
need to blush, whose cowardice she will neither
need to scorn nor to pity. We are not politi
cians, but reformers.
°"r present strength as a National and
worldwide society has been attained along the
line of principle, not policy. Our constancy
ana faith aave kept pace with growing needs.
We know the strength of the "lions in the
way. We know of a higher power; in this
we trust. We seek to save each new genera
tion and keep it from blasting every hope of a
true and noble life. We aim to establish the
character of the young upon the principles of
self-control, self-preservation, self-respect. To
build up a strong and noble manhood and
womanhood which shall be the country's
pride, instead of its peril. We work to protect,
preserve and maintain the home and all insti
tutions calculated to enn< ble society.
But the temperance cry of Joaquin
Miller Is not the one at which we rally.
Mrs. E. G. Greene,
President Tri-County W. C. T. U.
Santa Cruz, May 11, 180t>.
PROMOTION IN THE ARMY.
Apparent Injustice ot the System as at
Present Practiced.
To the Editor of the San Francitco Call— Sib:
In looking over the list of officers in the army
in active service one can but be struck forcibly
by the vicissitudes in promotion there shown.
We can sympathize with the artillery subal
terns in their complaint of unfairness to them
of transferring cavalry and infantry officers to
their corps in any scheme proposed for an in
crease of the artillery arm. Through the pres
ent system of promotion there are six first
lieutenants of artillery that graduated from
West Point in 1867, while among the grad
uates ol 1834 there are four captains in staff
departments, and of the class of 1881 there
are six captain.* and one major in the staff.
There are three first lieutenants of artillery
graduates of 1868, two of 18<>9, five of 1870,
one of 1871, two of 1872, six of 1873, nine of
1874 to two in the infantry, six of 1875 to
two in the infantry, seven of 1876 to 6ix in
the infantry mid cavalry, while every other
graduate of those classes in both infantry and
cavalry are captains or have higher rank.
This apparent injustice seems the more
curious from the fact that at their graduation
the highest in class rank next to filling Vacan
cies in the engineers' department are selected
to fill vacancies in the artillery, and some of
the latter are • scholars — that is, the first five.
This ptar-scholarstiip does not seem to bene
fit so very much when a No. 31 of a class thir
teen years later outranks not only two star
scholars entering the engineers nt graduation,
bnt also every member but two of the earlier
class.
In the list below the first column gives the
present relutlve rank, the second the class
rank and year of graduation, tho third the
relative rank in 1890 of a few of the higher
officers of the army on the active list.
3oflßß4 1
Of 19
of
19
Of
of 6
7
of 8
of 9
8 of
7
i z
I 1I 1
g
: o
9 as brlgadler-generM
Vi iiH tirlL'adier-gcnt'i-al
91 IIH lieilli'lllitll -r'olo.'iel, ordliATK.-i-
81 as colonel, Hdjiitant-gcnera 's department
132 aa lieutenjiiii-eoloriel, HUbiiaUitice
46 ai colo lei, cavalry
46 hh roloiii-i. Infantry.
6 'A a* rolonpl.enninet'rs
63 ah colonel, ordnnnce
63 as col i) in' I, artillery
78 as colonel, ordnance
Relative Bank Id 1800.
general ■
general Major-General
Flakier, ordnance chief
Koneral subsistence -liiT-iii-ncrnl arijutnnt-gnticrnl
Roneral subsistence Hriyn'Uor-UeiienU
general l-'i mr.il
. Colonel ceneral ItriundiiT (!ciicr»l
Fourth Colonel K. Uriija-tler-General
Artillery Fourth Whltteinon, Colonel
Colonel UuillriKton, ordnance department
Name and Rank.
San Francisco, May 12, 1896. J. A. 8.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Elsie — My husband is very hard to please.
Louise — Ue must have changed considerably
since he married you.— Spare Moments.
Mrs. Towne— ls it chills and fever your hus
band has?
Mrs. Woods— No; the doctor called it leth
argy, and told him he should try and shake it
off.— Yonkers Statesman.
Customer— Waiter, do you remember me? I
came in here yesterday and ordered a steak.
Waiter— Yes, sir; will you have the same to
day, sir?
Customer— Yes, if no one el«e is using it.—
Tid Bits.
"And shall I speak to your father?" asked
the young man.
"Never mind about papa," said the young
woman; "I'll fix him."
For the first time he noticed the width and
squareness of her inferior maxillary.—lndi
anapolis Journal,
PERSONAL.
Judge W. J. Dowley of Merced is in the City.
W. a. Bailey, a mine-owner of Denver, is in
town.
F. A. Chapman of Cripple Creek is at the
Palace.
J. S. Slauson of Los Angeles was among yes
terday's arrivals.
Don A. Sweet of Albuquerque was among
yesterday's arrivals.
W. H. Hurlbert, the railroad man, of Port
land, is at the Palace.
Jay Benson of Toledo and & large party of
friends are at the Palace.
John J. Byrne, the railroad man, of Los An
geles, arrived here yesterday.
J. A. Muir, the railroad man, of Los Angeles,
division superintendent of the Southern Pa
cific, is at the Palace.
T. S. Knoles, a prominent lawyer of Ontario,
Cal., and delegate to the Grand Lodge of L O.
O. F., is staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Count Neko was among the arrivals by the
steamer China laat night. He has been seeing
Japan and other countries of the Orient.
General George B. Williams of Washington,
D. C, arrived here ou the steamer China yes
terday after several weeks' absence in Japan.
Charles F. Crocker has started for Europe.
His three children are being educated in
Paris, and he will bring them home, returning
about July 15.
Those who came with Secretary J. Sterling
Morton yesterday were as follows: Mr. and
Mrs. J.R. Morrow, Mr. ana Mrs. Paul Morton,
Misses Caroline and Pauline Morton, Miss
Howard and Lowell Morton, all of Chicago.
They are all at the Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 12.— At the Im
perial—J. J. Gottlob, F. h. Siocum; Grand
Union— Miss La Chuaz Gerlach, S. Gamble;
Holland— J. M. Platshek, M. J. Platehek; Mur
ray Hill— w. Babcock; Belvidere— E. Newell.
Sailed per steamship Paris for Southampton-
Mrs. James Dunn, Master James C. Dunn, Miss
J. T. Dunn, Mrs. P. L. Dunn, John Henry, Miss
Annie Henry.
PROGRESS OF EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
Santa Barbara £1 Barbereno.
It must be with feelings of gratification that
the noble women, fighting so bravely for suf
frage, view their success. True, their rights
have not yet been accorded them, but on every
hand recruits are found; and it has remained
for California to furnish the first great metro
politan daily paper that dares come out and
take a firm stand for equal suffrage rights for
all the people. The San Francisco Call, one
of the most influential journals of the West,
has declared that woman's suffrage is the com
ing issue; and, moreover, it states the follow
ing: "The Republican party should give a
helping hand to the woman's suffrage move
ment."
Woman's suffrags is becoming popular; the
old, worn-out objections that "women do not
want to vote," tbat the better class of women
would not go to the polls, are heard but sel
dom now, and it is generally acceded that
woman is interested in the government of
our country, which includes herself as well as
her brother; that as property-owners and tax
payers they should share political privileges
equally with men.
In recent conventions resolutions indorsing
the movement have been passed by several
California counties. In San Diego recently
the Republicans gave voice to the following
sentiment: "Resolved, Thai this convention
cordially favors the proposed amendment to
the constitution of California, whereby it is
sought 10 extend the elective franchise to all
citizens, otherwise qualified, without' distinc
tion of sex. and we hereby pledge to It our
support at the polls in the November general
election."
Thus it seems that woman's cause is by no
meunsalost cause, but every duy is gaining
ground.
WAIST WITH FICHU COLLAR.
AND lOOtS THAT MAY BE OMITTED.
Two extremely stylish and novel features are
shown in this waist. The sleeves are fitted
with a very short nuff at the top. The collar
is square in the back, with fichu front. It may
be sewn to the waist or finished with a bias
band to be made removable.
A waist of white lawn had a ruffle of em
broidery on the collnr. Green China ribbon
formed a belt and collar.
A waist of brown mohair worn with!a plain
skirt of the same had a collar of embroidered
batiste over a lining of green taffeta. The same
silk formed two narrow knife-pleated frills all
around the collar, and also finished the neck
and belt.
A waist of Dresden silk had collar of black
mousseline de soie with pleated ruffles of the
same. The collar was uecorated with clover
leaves formed of three leaves of white lace
braid as illustrated here.
The waist is gathered both back and front
over a fitted lining. For wash goods the lining
may be omitted entirely, but the result Is more
satisfactory if a yoke lining is put in the back.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Rider Haggard as a rule writes only about
1500 words at a sitting.
The Marquis of Salisbury prefers to stand at a
high desk while working.
It is said that General Lew Wallace receives
higher pay for his writing than any other
living American author.
M. Remier has bequeathed $400,000 to the
Belgian Government for the foundation of a
medical institute, to be called the "Institute
Rommelacre."
Charles H. Hackley of Muskegon, Mich., has
added $25,000 to his original gift for a manual
training school in that town, making his total
gift $135,000.
Gladstone Is under a pledge to his physicians
to never make another public speech. He has
more than once asked to have it set aside but
without success.
Dr. H. C. Nicholson, whose death at Inde
pendence, Ky., has been reported, was 74 years
old. He claimed to be the inventor of quadru
ple* telegraphy, by which four messages can
be sent on one wire at the same time
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
Mrs. bhatt-J. A. M., City. There was no
life of Mrs. Surratt published.
Little Breeches-P., Placerville, CaL The
author of "Little Breeches" is John Hay.
■ Elgin to Chicago^., h., Napa, Cal. The
distance from Chicago, 111., to Elgin in the
SSSJc'fiSgi' tblfty -^ »**- SSSr*B2
The Secret Sebvicz-W. M., Oakland, Cal If
you would obtain a position in the Secret
wi?h the Unlted , Stateß aend your peti
tion with recommendations to the Tress iirv
Department, United States, Washingto^, D J.
* German Pbksioss-h. T. City. Soldier* of
the German army who draw pensions, it they
were m the , wars prior to 1804, do not lose
Unitedluio? > H A h >f y beC S me cUizens of th<?
after thai V ,' bb f Ut , those who were in the wars
fzation ° rfe i' their penstoll b ? natural
ization as citizens of another country.
. Natcralization-P. M. c, City. At this time
there are no courts open in the evening to ac
S^ th ? se who ma wish to be natural.'
wed. As the time for election approaches some
of the courts may be kept open in the evening.
In the Stata courts of California there is no tee
for naturalization, but in the Federal couria a,
fee of $L is charged.
Coats' Thread — Subscriber, Sacramento,
Cal. The original Coats' thread was made in
Paisley, County of Renfew, Scotland, by James
Coats, who was a native of that place. The
business was subsequently carried on by hia
sons, who were natives of the same place.
California Purple Finch— M. S. R., City.
The California purple finch which is found
near Santa Cruz has its habitat on the Pacific
Coast from the Straits of Fuca on the north to
the vicinity of Monterey. It lias not been met
below that line. The first quill is usually
shorter than the fourth in the adult male, with
sides and flunks usunlly strongly though not
sharply streaked with dark. The back is very
indistinctly streaked, the feathers being less
dark than the edges. The red of the crown is
darker than that of the rump. The special
characteristic is the head, with broad supin
orbital lateral band of lighter purple. This
finch is a very fine singer. It has a general
resemblance to the Western chipping sparrow,
but the latter is much smaller than the finch.
Polltax Collection— Lumberman, Millwood,
Fresno County, Cal. The law pt-rmits one who
is indebted to another to pay the polltax of
the person to whom he is indebted. In your
communication you say that "we are lumber
men, the men are in the woods during the day,
and scatter at sight of the tax collector." In a
case of that kind how is a collector to make
demand on the parties for their tax? It is be
cause of men, who know that they are In
debted to the State for polltax, sneaking away
when the collector approaches, that the col
lectors make a demand on employers for a list
of men in their employ, and give notice when
the men are at meals that he wants the poll
tax. If they do not pay ho makes a demand
on the employer for the amount of the tax. If
this practice was not within the law it would
have been stopped long ago.
Chinese— F. M., San Pedro, Cal. The first
Chinese exclusion bill, passed March 24,
1882, was vetoed by President Chester A. Ar
thur April 4, and drawn anew to overcome tha
objections of the President. It became law on
the 6th of May, it being signed by the chief
executive on that day. It is impossible to tell
what the Chinese population was in San Fran
cisco at that time, but It was estimated at
from 30.000 to 35,000. Two years later the
Board of Supervisors undertook to fini out tbo
number of Chinese in the City, and this is
what the special committee reported: "No
known method of census- takiu k hus ever yet
sufficed to furnish an approximate idea even
of the number of our Chinese population."
The committee as a result of its investigation
6tated that at that time, two years after tha
exclusion law had been in operation, the low
est possible estimate it could reach was
30,360.
Teaxsvaal TRorßLES— Subscriber, Sacramen
to, Cal. The recent troubles in the Transvaal
arose from the desire of Cecil Rhodes to bring
about certain reforms; the suppression of the
existing Dopper-Boer domination as exempli
fied by President Kruger and his Hollander
allies; the installation of a buffer government
with an executive composed of advanced pro
gressive Boers, to be transitory, with the
object of establishing liberal reforms and the
granting of the franchise to all duly qualified
Uitlanders; the advent of a more enlightened
class of legislators composed of Anglo-Saxon
and Anglo-Dutch element, whose mission it
would be to bring the Transvaal within the
orbit of the customs union as now existing
between the Cape Colony, Nafal and tha
Orange Free State, as a first step toward local
federation; and while retaining its local Inde
pendence of form of government the political,
commercial and social union of the Transvaal
within the area from Tanganyika on the north
to Capetown on the south, and from Delagoa.
Bay on the east to Damaraland on the west,
the whole to be under the Eegis of imperial
British suzerainty. It was against this propo
sition that President Kruger took exception.
Friday— N. N.. City. Every country has
special unlucky days. In Christian countries
Friday of every week is the pre-eminently un-
lucky one, probably from tho fact that the
crucifixion is understood to have taken place
on that day. That and the consequent fasts
have made it a marked day in the calendar. To
start any undertaking or commence a journey
on a Friday is, in the minds of many, to court
failure and disaster, but why, those who pre
dict disaster cannot tell. Sailors are particu
larly superstitious as to that day. There was
a man who had an idea that he would turn
that superstition, and he had the keel of a ves
sel laid on a Friday, masts stepped in her on
Friday, her cargo shipped on Friday, found a
man named Friday to command her and
started on the voyage on a Friday. The vessel
never returned to port and never was heard of
again. In old rhyme "Friday's child is loving
and giving," "Cut nails on Friday cut them
for woe," "Friday for losses" and many others.
A great many Important events have occurred
on Friday, and many successful undertakings
have been commenced on that day of the week.
Califobjha glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
• — ♦ ■»
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau {Allen's}, 510 Montgomery. •
"Oh, dear," sighed the hippopotamus, "I am
so tired of this circus life. I wish some nice
little boy would buy me for a pet. I'd love to
sit in a little boy's lap and have him call me
Fido, and let me crawl into his bed and bite
his toes every morning like a puppy dog." —
Harper's Round Table.
Take the Northern Pacific to All Points
East.
If yon are going East call at 6SB Market street,
San Francisco, and get out figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestibuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist can
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
• — ♦— « —
"Mrs. TViuslow's Soothing Syrup*'
Has been used over 50 years by millions of mothers
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay*
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug
gists In every part of the world. Be sura and asic
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. i!sc a bottle.
. Cobon-ado — Atmosphere Is perfectly dry, sots
and mild, . being entirely free from the mists oom
mon further nor:h. Round-:rip tickets, by steam.
ship, including fifteen days' board at :na Hotel dM
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per day. Apply
4 New .Montgomery st., San Francisco.
«—« — » — «
Customer— Are these eggs fresh, waiter?
- Waiter— Can't you tell? :
Customer—
Walter— what difference does It make T—
New York Evening World.
_^ NEW TO-PAT. -
i THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
_ DRUGGISTS.
OUR
U U ll ' ■•' i "'•->•-"
GUARANTEE
On all RUBBER GOODS purchased in oat
; establishment, U perfect satisfaction or
money refunded. We .'guarantee a 75c
Syringe or Water Bottle the same as the
higher grades.
Alpha Syringes.. ....!..... ?1 00 each
Alpha Fountain Syringes..... .....?1 50 each
2-quart Fountain Syringes. 75c each
2-quart Water 80tt1e5..... " 76 0 each
"Goodyear" Kubber G10ve5............'.'.'.'*. 85 C pair
WOODBUEY'S
SOAP Al ' ° 0C " lM We Bell S cakes for 60c
MtXYON'B
Remedies 26c sUe we cnt tO l5 °-
PAINE 'B
COMPOUND * 10 ° 8lZ ° We CUt t0 6OC -
FRENCH
SOA1 >ILE 60c bars we cut t0 25c -
-1128 MARKET ST.,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Corner Tenth St. and Broadway, Oakland,WEDNESDAY MAY 13, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Tht.atkb.— "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown."
California Theater— Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Columbia Theater—
Moßosco's OrEBA-HorsK— "The Cross Roads of
Life
1 ivoi.i Opkba-Housk.— "Fra Dlavolo."
Okthkum— nigh-Class Vaudeville,
Mark Hopkins' Institute of Abt.—
exhibition of Paintings.
SrTBo Const Island— Bathing and. Perform-
ances, iljsggf
Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
>«ci>icCoabtJockktCx.cb.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
First Anniversary i-x<urslon and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pane.
Excursion to Russian River— May
17. ;■ . . _^_________
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Keklkr— This day (Wednesday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. M.
By S. Basch— This day (Wednesday), Clothing,
etc, at 319-821 Sutter street, a. 11 o'clock.
By Sullivan & Doyle— Thursday. May 14,
horses, etc., at 2'.'o Valencia street, at 11 o'clock.
- By O'Farret,l* Co.— Thursday, May 14, Real
Estate, at 11 Montgomery street, at VI o'clock.
By. William. J. Dingee— Saturday, May 16,
Real Estate, near Dwlirht Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Easton & Ki.dridoe.— May 19,
Real Estate, at 688 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By Shainwald, Buckbee A Co. — Wednesday,
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
gomery street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The use of the copper cent as a local medium
of exchange seems to be declining.
Fair and warmer weather with usual winds
are promised by tne Weather Bureau for to
day.
Governor Budd prefers Pattison as a Demo
cratic candidate for President of the United
States.
Transcontinental passenger agents will meet
to-day to discuss rates to the different political
conventions.
Scarborough, Peru, George Miller, Belle Boyd,
Olive and Sea Spray were the winners at Ingle
side yesterday.
The granite pedestal for the Grant statue in
Golden Gate Park was carved by convicts of
Folsom Prison.
The Government has just completed a new
life-flaring station at (.'ape Disappointment
costing $12,000.
J. \V. Warboys of Santa Rosa, department
grand master, I. O. O. F., is among the recent
arrivals at the Ramona.
The preliminary examination of John T.
Flynn, charged with the murder of baby
Browning, was resumed before Judge Low yes
terday.
The wedding of Walter Scott Hobart and
Miss Hannah Williams was a notable society
event yesterday. It was quietly celebrated in
San Rafael.
Beatrice Weill of 37 O'Farrell street swore to
a complaint yesterday charging Louis Weiser,
a bogus Spanish nobleman, with stealing all
her jewelry.
Tne Howard Club indorsed the action of the
State Convention in electing John D. Spreckels
delegate-at-large to the National Convention
last evening.
The Ashley-Baldwin case went over from
noon yesterday until this morning. The com
plaining witness broke down on the stand and
could not go on.
Mayor Sutro has sent a letter to tbe Board of
Regents of the State University allowing ar.
extension of time for beginning work on the
Affiliated Colleges.
Key. P. C. Yorke lectured at Metropolitan
Temple last night on "The Noontide of Lib
erty," under the auspices of the American
Woman's Liberal league.
The hearing of exceptions to the adminis
trator's account in the Santa Rosa Island
estate continues, and the heirs denounce John
F. More in strong language.
Secretary of Agriculture Morton arrived here
yesterday and visited the State Board of
Trade's exhibit at 16 Post street. To-day ne
will go on a cruise of the bay.
The Manufacturers' und Producers' Associa
tion will adopt a trademark to be pluced on
home-made goods as a protection against im
ported convict- made articles.
The police have been searching for "Count"
You «ie Leon, who has been swindling numer
ous people iv the East and here, but he is be
lieved to have gone to Mexico.
Superintendent Weaver of the Almshouse
has made sensational charges against a num
ber of employes of the institution appointed
by the present Board of Health.
"Black Diamond," a colored man, was ar
rested yesterday, and warrants were sworn
out lor the arrest of three sailors, charged with
criminally assaulting three young girls.
The charge of seduction against D. R. Dunbar
has been dismissed by Judge Wallace, as the
complaining witness, Pearl yon Schmither,
eeid she would sooner die than prosecute.
The Grand Ix>dge of the Independent Order of
Odd Fellows' and the State Assembly of the
Daughters of Rebekah, opened their annual
convention at Odd Fellows' Hall yesterday.
A. W. Drew oi Fresno, grand treasurer of the
Grand Lodge, I. O. O. F., is at the Ramona. He
arrived here yesterday in order to attend the
annual session of the grand lodge, I. O. O. F.
In deference to the wishes of the heirs, the
euit of the executors of James H. Dobinbon
acainst the Church of the A'lvent has been
dismissed. The suit was for $60,000 ;or money
loaned.
Porter Brothers, in the fruit business for
twenty years unable to meet the first pay
ment in the extension of time granted, have
assigned everything for the benefit of their
creditors.
The Italian Consul General, Bruni Grimaldl,
has received leave of absence for an Indefinite
periofl. In his absence a well-known mrmber
ot the Italian Colony, Dr. Pescia, will be the
acting Coii6ul-General.
Judge Hebbnrd has rendered his decision in
the Hale it Norcross cases. He allows the
plaintiffs !f417,(5H3 for the fraudulent milling
ol the d*fenn*nis in addition to the $'210,
-197 50 for excessive charges.
Tne Mission Improvement Union will urge
the Legislature to authorize the selling of
Buena Vista Park and apply the proceeds to
the purchase of the abandoned cemeteries in
the M.fcsion for public recreation grounds.
The Harbor Commissioners have answerer
James t. Martin's suit to compel them to us
Oregon stone In the ferry depot. They sa
tney have power to modify any specifieatioj
or contract, and besides that the Colusa ston
ia tetter.
Golden Gate Union of Christian Endeavorers
adopted the poppy as its emblem last evening,
and the delegation from here to the State con
vention at San Jose will wear these flowers,
and will also agitate the project of securing
the International Convention of 1897 for
California.
General George B. Williams returned yester
day from Japan, where for two months he has
been representing the Cramps, Philadelphia,
ship builders, in negotiations for the building
of battle-ships for the Mikado. He reports
that Japan does not want any more battle-ships
for the tide being. General Wililams ex
jressed the belief that the Oregon would do
considerably above sixteen knots on her trial
trip.
LEFT TO THE DAUGHTERS.
The Late W. A. Holcorab Leaven a Larj
KHtnte fur His Children.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— The will of
William A. Holcomb, dated September 10,
.1892, was presented for probate this after
noon. It is set forth that the deceased left
personal property worth $40,000, besides
real estate of unknown value. He says:
I direct that Immediately after my death the
deed lo certain lands standing in my name in
Stephenson County, 111., which deed is now in
the box occupied by me in the Safe Deposit
building in San Francisco, be forwarded to my
brother, Alonzo Holcorab of Dakota, Stephen
sou County, 111., and I forgive him for any
money he may owe me.
I give and "bequeath to my dearly beloved
children, Lulie Carr Holcomb and Lydia Susie
Holcomb of Oakland, Alameda Counly, Cal..
all the remainder of my estate, real, personal
and mixed, share and share alike, and I ap
point my said children, Lulie Carr Holcomb
and Lyrtia Susie Holcomb of Oakland, Alameda
County, Cal., the executresses of this my laet
will and testament, to manage my estate as
they may see fit, and no bonds shall be re
quired of either of ihjm.
The quickest and most certain mode of
raisin- the mulberry tree is from cuttings
of the old branches. Take a branch in the
mouth of Mnrch eight or nine feet in
length and plant it in a good soil; the
most approved cultivation, however, is
from seed.
VIRTUOUS BUCKLEYITES
Say They Will Help to
Enforce Civil Ser
vice Reform.
Clevand's Now Order Has a
Big Effect on the Old
Junta.
CHECKUG GAYIS MdAB'S AMBITION.
The Active Buckley Executive Com
mittee Bestows Honors on
Dr. Stanton.
The Buckleyites are going to help the
Civil Service Commission purify and
elevate the Federal service in San Fran
cisco.
The Buckley Democrats are free to do
this. Hardly a mother's son of them has
a Federal job, and as their minds and
motives are not warped by the power of
patronage jobs they are in a position to
extend their interest in good government
to the Federal service.
They think that this late order by Presi
dent Cleveland putting the mints, the in
ternal revenue service and some other
departments in the classified list is a
grand thing, and they hail with joy its
purifying effect in politics.
Now the Junta is, as everybody knows,
built on the Mint and revenue office largely,
with Sam Rainey's Fire Department as
another of the cornerstones, and with the
Custom-house, the Board of Supervisors,
the ambition of Gavin McNab and a few
other little things to provide the rest of
the foundation. The City has never seen
a political machine so thoroughly con
structed of patronage jobs.
Every force that has played to hold to
gether and to operate the machine has
been a patronage one. Whenever McNab
and Suliivan have wanted to run the
machine to grind out something, they
have signaled to patronage powers to
"start."
Daggett and his Mint, working in com
bination with Sam Rainey and his Fire
Department, have been the one big single
force at play. Daggett has used the Mint
in his political work with the Junta as no
boss ever used a Street Department. He
ha« discharged men for not doing his bid
ding in local politics, and has sold posi
tions by the dozen to district politicians
whom he needed in his local political
work.
It is true that the powerful Daggett-
Rainey combination has lecently been
shut out of the control of the Junta, which
it so nearly gained by other patronage and
McNah combinations, but Daggett and his
Mint political power is yet an exceedingly
strong factor in the strength of the Junta
machine, and it will be a big factor in the
State Convention when the Buckley con
testing delegation arrives.
In the Junta and composing much of its
political power are politicians holding
jobs in the Custom-bouse, the Internal
Revenue Office and some other Federal de
partments. These Federal office-holders
in the Junta general committee number
some dozens, but as each one has his job
and bis position in the general committee
because he can control other votes a full
majority of the committee of 450 may be
reckoned as controlled by patronage
power.
The civil service rules require public
servants to avoid "pernicious activity,"
"offensive partisanship," membership in
political conventions and so on. So the
civil service order putting so many Junta
politicians under the benefits and penal
ties of that law is about to work a great
revolution in Junta affairs. If the law
works as it is supposed to work the fighters
of the Buckleyites will soon be shorn of
much of their power.
A little army of little politicians op
posed to them because tliev had to be
must quit to a large extent. Becoming se
cure in their positions most of them will
be glad to do so.
That is why all the Buckleyites are in
terested in the operation of the beneficent
civil service law. Cleveland's order
strengthens them and weakens the enemy.
They have taken fresh hope and courage.
Now they propose to see that civil service
people obey the righteous law of the land.
If those fellows don't stay well within
the bounds they will see that they are
made to do so. Politicians who become
civil service people will be watched and
reported to the Civil Service Commission
if they keep on intimidating Democrats,
breaking up the party and all that.
The tight against McNab in the Junta
executive committee was not straightened
out yesterday. It may be before the meet
ing to-night and it may not be.
McNab will not be allowed to name fifty
or more delegates and boss things gener
ally. A majority are out for the right to
run tneir own districts pretty ranch.
McNab'a ambition to name a lot of State
Central Committeemen and to control the
next State Central Committee in partner
ship with Daggett and Sam Rainey is
likely to meet a lot of setbacks.
McNab, it is told, has been going about
town meeting nice big Democrats and tell
ing them that he was going to make them
delegates to the State Central Committee.
There are those who don't like that.
The Buckley executive committee held
a big meeting'at the Market-street head
quarters last night. Chairman Donovan,
Secretary Gavigan, Joseph Rothschild,
James H. O'Brien, J. C. Nealon, M. J.
Nealon, M. J. Fallon and many others
made speeches.
It was decided that Dr. James 1. Stanton,
Railroad Commissioner, should be the
delegate-at-large to the State Convention,
which the local apportionment provides
for.
From all the districts came reDorts that
many more were anxious to go as delegates
than the apportionment allows.
It was reported that a lively correspond
ence witll Democrats throughout the State
was going on, and that it was found tnat
a great many who will likely be at the
Stnte Convention were not predisposed in
favor of McNab, Daggett and the rest of
the Junta.
The Junta, it was said, was making false
pretenses to boom itself and that the fn
terior delegates would listen to evidence
and do what was fair and for the interests
of the party.
Nominations for delegates to the State
Convention will be made by the Buckley
district clubs on Saturday, "the 16th inst.,
at the following places:
Twenty-eighth District— Drew's Hall, new
Montgomery and Howard.
Twenty-ninth— lrish-American Hall.
Thirtieth— Music Hail, 027 Mission.
Tnirty-first— Phoenix Hall, Eighth and Fol
wm.
Thirty-second— Northeast corner of Brannan
and Zoe.
Thirty-third— Maennerbund Hall, Twenty
fourth and I'otrero avenue.
Thirty-fourth— Harmony Hall, Mission and
Erie.
Thirty-fifth— Silk's Hall, Precita avenue and
Mission.
Tnirty-sixth — Seventeenth and Noe.
Thirty-seventh— Mowry's Hall, corner Laguna
and Ivy avenue.
Thirty-eighth— Powers' Hall.corner Turk and
Pierce.
Thirty-ninth— Justice Barry's courtroom,
New City Hall.
Fortieth— Franklin Hill, Fillmore street,
near Bush. •
Forty-first— Pixley Hall, Pacific and Polk
streets.
Forty-ihird— California Ha 11 ,620 Bush street.
Fortv-ff<urth — 417 Bay street.
Forty-fifth— slH Battery street.
Forty-second— To be reported luter.
Indecent Literature.
Secretary Kane ot the Pacific Coast s*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
or Suppression of Vice, accompanied by Police
man Coleman.made a tour of the bookstores yes
terday and seized a large number of books of
an obscene nature. Harry Marks, 331 Bush
street, was arrested and booked at the City
Prison for having indecent literature in his
possession. Edgar Isenfelder, 301 Vun Ness
avenue. Holmes & Buettel, 107 Eddy street,
and N. C. Holmes, Kearuy and Bush streets,
had seizures made in their stores and may be
arrested also.
NOTED GLOBE-TROTTERS.
BlinUter, Baron, Connt, General aud
Member of Parliament Here.
United States Minister Edwin Dun of
Japan was among the passengers here by
the steamer China yesterday.
"I am absent on my regular vacation,"
said Minister Dun at the Palace. "That's all
ttiere is of it. I shall go to my old home
at Columbus, Ohio, and shall also visit
Washington, and will start lor Japan
again about the last of July. It is quiet in
the land of the chrysanthemum, and rea
sonably prosperous. 1 will be in San
Francisco several daj's."
Count Nako of Hungary is at the
Palace. He has been hve times around
the world and is known as a great traveler
and hunter. He spent a good deal of time
in India on his way here and went on sev
eral tiger-hunts. "There is nothing! so
much enjoy as hunting for big game," said
Count Nako, "and the bigger it is and the
more danger, provided it does not get too
dangerous, the better I like it. I was in
India, Bengal, Japan and China, and en
joyed myself magnificently in all. 1 won't
go away until after I have seen some of
the sights of California, i left Hungary
seven months ago."
Hon. E. W. Beckett, member of Parlia
ment from Yorkshire, Eng., was a com
panion of the Count during much of the
trip. They met at Singapore. Mr. Beck
ett is a big man, with massive shoulders
and a thick reddish beard. He has been a
member of Parliament about twelve
years. He is traveling purely for pleas
ure, and has been with Sir John Poynder,
If. P., in Burmah. Sir John passed
through Vancouver, en route to England,
a few days ago.
Baron Curro and Morio Bocca of Italy
are at the Occidental. They came oh
the steamer China, and were accompanied
by Vittorio Serravallo aud Pohlutka Fran
cesco, of Trieste. They are going around
the globe to see the sights.
Dr. Richard Pasquay of Munchen, Ger
many, and Dr. Luoca <jf Batavia, Java, are
in the City. They have been for a long
time with their Dutch friends ia the queer
little island, where every now and then
the little brown men of the island revolt
and try to throw off the Dutch yoke.
They report that things are very serene in
Java.
General yon Thumann of the German
army is at ihe Palace. He says he is
traveling around the world for pleasure.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Arrival of the 0. and 0. Steam
ship China From Asiatic
Ports.
A Portion cf (he Crew of the Burned
Bark Centaur Come Home From
the Islands.
The O. and O. steamship China arrived
yesterday from China and Japan with 97
cabin passengers, and 18 whites, 38 Japan
ese and 200 Chinese in the steerage.
The following are the cabin passengers:
A. P. Brown, Colonel Bridges, E. P. Brad
bury, B. Hin!ey, E. B. Booth and family, J. W.
Copman, K. T. Cronie Jr., S. Cozat, iMrs. A.
Clark, K. Chalker, Baron P. Curro. Mrs. G. W.
Dickie, W. Dickie, G. P. Po'lec Mr. ami Mrs.
Fitch and family, Hon. Edwin Dun, Hon. E.
w. Beckett (M. P.), J. w. Hall, li. w. Harris,
L. & .1. Herat, E. Hutchinson, J. O. Keck,
Miss Kent, Mrs. Kirkwooil. Mr.-. E. Koop, F.
Kohler, VV. A. Keay. J. L.G. I.nuli, Mrs. R. D.
Locke. Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Looniis, G. 11. I.
.1. E. Lambie, Miss Lather, Mr. aud Mrs. D. M.
Miller, Dr. J. T. Mac Leans, Count Nako, Mr.
and Mrs. H. B. Newhall and family, R. Nakay
Ouia, Miss M. L. Ostrem, Mrs. I'edlcv, Mrs.
Parker, the Missus Parker, W. P. Palmer, Dr.
X, Pasquay, C L. Piomt, F. Pohlutkn,
R. H. Powers, J. Proctor, W. H. Parcel 1,
M. L Rocca, Mme. Leßoux and family, A.
Simon, Mr. hh<l Mrs. T. Simmons, Dr. V. Serra
vcllo, A. McVictor Smith. R. D. Tata, Dr. and
Mrs. G. O. Taylor, A. Thaler, General and Mrs.
yon Thurman. Chaplain J. B. Wallace. U. B. N.,
General and Mrs. G. B. Williams, Y. Wadachi,
W. Yernon, Mr. and Mrs. R. Spreckels, Miss
Joliffe, Miss E. Talcott, Mrs. S. Gielick and
family.
The vessel was found to have a clean
bill of health, and after a brief detention
at the quarantine-grounds was permitted
to dock and land her passengers.
The following survivors of the bark Cen
taur, which was burned 850 miles to the
southward of Hilo, came up from Hono
lulu in the China:
Captain Isbester, First Mate John Neil
son, Second Mate Roberts, Third Mate
Wainwright, Seaman Leggett and Ap
prentice Boys Johnson, Bland and
Sweting. The rest of the crew will return
to this port by next steamer.
H. Isaacson, Victor Carlson and Fred
Bartlett, who were lost in a fog from the
sealer Alton on the Ja]>anese coast, also
came home in the China.
They left their vessel March 4 in a small
boat to hunt seals and having lost sight of
her< worked their way 150 miles to the
nearest land, the islandfof Snoghama.
which they reached almost famished.
They were taken care of by the friendly
natives and forwarded by the kind Jap
anese to Yokohama.
The O. and O. steamship Doric sailed
yesterday evening for the Orient by wav
of Honolulu, with the following cabin
passengers:
For Honolulu — Mrs. Ward Ames.
For Yokohama— F. M. Slade, Miss Mabel
Slade, N. Isono aud two servants, C. R. Morse
Rev. David Thompson, Mrs. David Thompson,
Valentine Blague. Mrs. Valentine Blague,
Mrs. Captain F. Wilds, U. P. X., Miss Wilds.
For Hongkong— Mrs. M. Wheeler, Charles E.
Graham, Mrs. Charles E. Graham ».nd child.
Treasure-trove means in law money or
other treasure found hidden and the owner
unknown, it which case 5t belongs to the
crown. Trove is from the French word
trouver, to find.
The British Four-Masted Ship Achnashie as She Went on Her Beam>Ends Off Car© Horn, Cause*
by the Cargo Shifting in a Gale of Wind.
[Sketched from a dacnplion by one of the nficert.]
JAPAN'S MIND UNSETTLED
Her Navy Is Considered
Large Enough for
the Present.
The American Ship-Builders
Return Home Greatly
Disappointed.
THE OREGOI'-AKD HDIAIA COMPARED
General Williams of Cramps Makes
Excuses for the Eastern
Ship.
General Georee B. Williams, represent
ing the Cramps in negotiations with the
Jar>anese Government for the building of
naval ships, arrived on the China yester
day and is stopping at the Palace.
"Japan has n« >t made up her mind in the
matter of a navy," said General Williams
last evening. "It was understood that she
contemplated a big equipment in shins of
war, but that does not seem to be true.
The Japanese have either changed or not
fully made up their mind about it. At
any rate they indicated to us that they
were not prepared to enter into any con
tracts in the matter. All we have done,
therefore, was to lepresentto the authori
ties having to do with the matter what we
could do for them in case they do at some
time want to increase their navy. I have
been over there some two mouths. Mr.
Dickey, representing the Union Iron
Works of San Francisco, was there at the
same time on the same mission, and came
back by the same ship, with, I believe, the
same report."
Speaking about hi** observations in
Japan. General Williams said: "The
Japanese people are not at all inflated ove r
their great success in the recent war. A
great many persmis have asked me if the
people were not disposed to be 'cocky' as
a result. It was to have been expected,
but the fact is that it has had the opposite
effect. It has made them thoughtful. All
the notabies I came in contact with
seemed to ieel a new and sobering sense
of responsibility in their relationship to
the world. The intellectual and commer
cial awakening of Japan has been wonder
ful. I visited the country twenty yeurs
ago. There was then scarcely an engine
in the country. Now there are smoke
stacka everywhere and the whirr of ma
chinery, together with qu>te a system of
railways. The people are studying philo
sophy "and science, and are reasonably
abreast in these things. The spread of
their progress has been wondeiful."
"How about the much-ta!ked-of Japanese
invasion of manufactures in this coun
try?"
"Well a good deal of that is rot. Japan
will be manufacturing more and more of
what she needs as time goes. She will
import less, and so Europe will suffer in
the matter of trade with her. She does
not buy much of us as it is, and so we will
not be injured. I do not think we have
anything to fear from her as a competitor
in our markets. Yes, she Duilds ships of
her own, too, of a certain class, and very
good ones."
Then General Williams was asked if he
had heard of the recent performances of
the Oregon. He said he had asked with
considerable interest as to the trial trip
it it had taken j>!a?e to-day as scheduled.
He had heard ol her sixteen knots on the
way to Santa Barbara.
"Put to her be?-t, she will probably do
much better than that," ho said. "Our
ship, thu Indiana? She made something
above ti:teen knots on her trial trip. The
Oregon, however, has just been trimmed
up, had her bottom scraped and is in the
best possible condition. The Indiana was
Very foul at the time of her trial."
"But why was she allowed to make the
test in that condition?"
"Well, there was no drydock anywhere
available at the time."
"The Cramps have none about their
works?"
"No. She was slid off the stays into the
water and never came out of it again before
the test. Besides, the water of the Pacific
is much more fitvorable for speed than is
the Atlantic. I think the Indiana would
have done fully half a knot better if the
conditions had* all been right. Altogether,
the Oregon has several material advantages
over the Indiana in their respective trials."
General Williams is accomrauied by his
wife, and will go East in a day or two.
RODE THE WAVE A QUEEN
Struggle of the Big Four-Master
Achnashie With the
Billows.
Lying Low on Her Beam-Ends for Two
Day 3in a Howling Cape
Horn Gale.
Visitors along the water front cannot
fail to notice a large four-master lying at
Main-street wharf, preparing to discharge
her cargo. The vessel arrived from Liver
pool May 4 and was docked a few days ago.
She is the Achnashie (Gaelic for "held of
peace") of Glasgow, and is the prettiest
thing iv the way of ship architecture that
ever slipped into the sea. Her loni', grace
ful steel hull, painted outside a light blue,
and the steel masts and yards towering on
high have not a line that is not beautiful.
In perfect keeping with the prettiness alow
and aloft is the splendid appearance along
her decks. The inside of the bulwarks,
the bulkheads and houses are painted
white with panels of light green — a blend
ing of colors so delicate that one forgets
that this is not a pleasure yacht instead
of a common carrier of coal and general
merchandise.
The trimmings of the rails are wood,
rich and ornamental. There is as much
brass aboard ias on a man-of-war, and it
gleams with the polish of gold.
How this magnificent craft can be kept
in such a condition almost passes the
understanding, but one of the officers
stated yesterday that at sea and in port
she looks just the same. She ia com
manded by Captain Edwin Passeful, and
her officers are: First Mate John Roach,
Second Mate Alex Maxwell, and Boat
swain McGeorge. From her beautiful
figure-head of a "female form to the grace
ful center she measures 285 linear feet and
has a beam of 46 feet. She registers 2333
tons, but her carrying capacity is 4000
tons. Her rig is a four-master, the after
most or jiggcruiast being bark-rigged.
She carries three coursers, six topsails,
six top-gallant sails, three royals, besides
numberless fore and aft sails, making a
wide spread of canvas, and is manned by
twenty seamen and six apprentice boys.
During a former pnssaee to this port
while off the Horn in a gale the springing
of the vessel on the awful seas shifted the
cargo. The great ship went down on her
beam-ends and hung in that perilous posi
tion with the masts almost level with the
surface of the water. At times when the
great billows passed under her and swept
to leeward tlie royal trucks would be
drenched. With the derk almost perpen
dicular it was impossible to get fore or aft
except by crawlirrg along under the upper
rail.
The lower side was so deeply submerged
in *he sea that the crew could not get to
the lee braces, consequently the yards
could not be swung for the purpuse of
helping the ship around on the other
tack.
In a deplorable case like this, the only
expedient is to cut away the weather rig
ging and let the masts, burdened with the
weight of sail and yard, snap off and fall
to leeWard, but the captain would not sac
rifice his great steel sticks. He sent the
crew into the hold, where the cargo of
coal was lying in the under bilge. Down
in thai dark place, with the hull swaying
and springing, rising and falling on the
wild Cape Horn waves, they made tempo
rary bins with the piamung found in the
hold.
Then these strong-hearted British sailors
began the tremendous labor of shoveling
and carrying hundred? of tons of coal up
into those rude bunk^ri until the weight
brought to bear on that aide of the hull
began to lift her a little toward an even
keel.
When they could get at the "drowned"
braces and get a yard with a little rag of
sail to act to the wind they wore ship,
which brought her around so the wind
would help raise her. This brought the
deck with its incline to the runnine sea
and the waves, having broken in the
hatches, began to fill the hold. Here was
another danger, for a short time of this
would sink the ship.
Fortunately enough coal had been car
ried up into the bins to give the vessel a
slight lift in that direction, and the masts
ana yards being raised a little from the
water, the wind blowing under them was
helping her up as much as it could. A
number of barrels of cargo on the "be
tween decks" had roiled down on the
I lower bilge and by great labor were rolled
up into^lace. This helped matters along
uutl presently a harder gust than usual of
the gale lifted the masts into the air and
j the grand ship, after forty-eight hours'
i lying prostrate, arose triumphant over the
] stormy sea.
Through all those two awful days and
nights, while almost submerged, she never
I lost a spar, a sail, nor even a beiaying-pin
from the rail. She warred for weeks with
that tempest, but literally wore out the
gale and came splendidly into port look
ing as natty and yachtish as when she
came off the ways.
BUTCHERS BIG FIESTA.
It. Will Be Celebrated This Tear With
Peculiar Eclat.
There wae a rousing meeting of the
Butchers' Board of Traue Association last
nieht at the Alcazar building.
President Sam C. Hammond was in the
chair, supported by a representation from
all the wholesale and retail firms in this
City and Alameda County. The secretary
reported that out of 630 houses, wholesale
and retail, in the two counties, 600 firms
were represented, leaving only thirty un
affiliated, which had not as yet joined the
association.
The principal business transacted was
the coming picnic which will take place
next Wednesday at Shell Mound Park,
and in conjunction therewith the Oak
land racecourse, which is close by, has
been secured for the outdoor exercises.
Tne chairman on distribution of tickets
reported that 30,000 tickets have been dis
posed of by the various members of the
association.
This number is far in excess of any
heretofore disposed of for a similar object.
This is the third butcher's day anniver
sary held under the auspices of the Board
of Trade and it bids fair to eclipse any
thing yet given.
The services of the king of butchers,
Henry Miller of Miller & Lux, have been
secured for the office of grand marshal on
this occasion. He will be ably assisted by
Henry Moffatt, whom he selected as his
chief of staff, with the following aids:
James Hail, Samuel Soloman, A. H.
Brod, T. F. Judge, George Katz, Mark
Strouse, James Schrader, T. 0. Winters,
H.C. Faglollet, George Taffe, Fred Becker,
John S. Ott, Fred Meyer, A. P. Clayburg,
George Moffat, Chanes Robinson, E. P.
Clayburg, J. Moocky and Sam Meyer.
H. C. Faglollet will act as floor director,
assisted by R. Haas. The managers for the
outdoor sports and other members of
necessary committees will be named by
the executive committee before Wednes
day.
The public are notified that on that day
all the butcher shops in this City and
Alameda will be closed.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHAT CAN '/f^^V
DO FOR US? zfj fis\'Z*l^~
t w a °w to btf* B °
M flayer- T*
Everything that is cleansing, purifying, and beautifying
for the skin, scalp, and hair of infants and children, CUTI-
CURA will do. A warm bath with CUTICURA SOAP,
and a gentle application of CUTICURA (ointment), the
great skin cure, afford instant relief in the most agonizing of
itching and burning eczemas, clear the skin of scaly, crusted,
pimply, and blotchy humors, cleanse the scalp of dandruff,
scales, and crusts, and restore the hair. They prevent in-
flammation and clogging of the pores, the cause of pimples,
blackheads, and baby rashes, and especially appeal to
Mothers worn out with the care of skin-tortured babies.
Everything about them invites confidence. They are abso-
lutely pure, and may be used on the youngest infant or most
delicate invalid with the most gratifying and unfailing success
Spehdt Curb Treatment. — Warm baths with Cuticura Soap, gentle applications
of Cuticura (ointment), and mild doses of Cutiouba Resolvent (new blood purifier).
Bold throughout the world. Prise, Cuticuba, 80s. Soap, Me. Rksoltbxt. 50c and »l. Form Dec*
Airs Cbsh. Corp., Sole Props., Boston. U. S. A. BritUh depot: F. Nbwbiby * Sons, .London.
PORTER BROTHERS QUIT
The Dried-Fruit Dealers Assign
Everything for Their
Creditors.
Unable to Meet a First Payment on
Liabilities — Twenty Years
in the Business.
Porter Brothers, the well-known dried
fruit dealers, who failed in January and
were if en granted an extension of time by
their creditors, have given up the struggle,
and have put all their property in charge
of Wilson & Biddell, as trustees, to liquid
ate for the benefit of those to whom the
firm was indebted.
When the extension was asked for and
granted on the Ist of January it was ex
pected ti;at from the condition of business
it would be possible to pay all the liabili
ties, amounting to about $120,000, in the
time given, an arrangement having been
made for payments in six, twelve, eighteen
and twenty-four months, but subsequent
depression in Eastern prices affecting Por
ters Brothers alone to the extent of be
tween $25,000 and $30,000 in the value of
their stock made it impossible for them to
meet the first payment. So on May 7 they
notified the original trustees and decided
upon their present course.
They turned over their books and all the
property they possessed, their farms,
orchards, crops and the stock in trade,
consisting of dried fruits, nuts, honey and
beans.
"If the orchard property turns out rs
well as we expect." said D. H. Porter last
night, "everything we owe will be paid
dollar for dollar. It is impossible, by rea
son of the present condition of affairs, to
ascertain just what the liabilities or the
assets now amount to.
"Our failure was not due primarily to
the dried-fruit business, although prices
have been very low for the last two years.
It was caused mainly by our investing
$100,000 in ranch lands."
Porter Bros, have been in the fruit
business for the last twenty years, eight
years in Oakland, and the remainder of the
time in this City, their salesrooms being
313-315 Davis street.
r~
\\ *7 Days'
< < * News CONDENSED
\v IN ONE ISSUE,
/ / With Added— -
\\ Special Features
the Weekly Call
Per Annum - - $1.50 VS.
Per Copy -- - .05 /'/
ADDRESS, y>^>
CHAS. M. SHORTRIDQE, VV
.. San Francisco. Cat.
V J
V J
NEW TO-I»AT- AMUSEMENTS. .
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
TO-NIGHT AND UiIKISO THK WKKK
MAGNIFICENT NKW ATTRATIONS!
A Marvelous Bill Trough out !
WOOD AND SM£PAi:D, ■
FIELD, AND tKWI ; .
JOHN W. BANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
.Reserved seats, 25c: .Balcony, lOo; Opera onain
! and Box seats. 50a . . * '
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE
OX" AnT,
. . Cor. California and Mason streets. .
The Annual Spring Exhibition,
Including the James D. Phelan prize painting and
140 examples in 'oil and water colors by resident
artists, also -15 examples in plastic art. is now
open daily from 9 a. v, to 5 p. it.. Including I Sun-
days. , organ Recitals Sunday aiternoous from .'i
to 4. Admission 25c . . '
Concerts livery " hurmlay Evening.
- Admission 50o«
NEW TO-PAT- AMUSEMENTS.
At HAY MAN SCO'S THEATERS
ft AT the - IMST 5 SIGHTS
BALDWIN m * ti ™ k
a^i^l-^TT " M SATUBDAY.
EDDIF THE STRANGE
nXv ADVENTURES
rUY OF miss BROWN
NEXT I ADA BEHAN
WEEK I AL'GUSTIN DALY COMPANY.
SEATS for the Entire Three Weeks
NOW SELLING.
Ist Week— "Countess Gucki," "Two Escutch-
eons" and "School For Scandal."
2d Weete— "Midsummer Night's Dream" and
" Last Word."
3d Week-" Twelfth Night," The Hunchback,"
'* The Honeymoon" and "Taming of The Shrew."
I AT THE I TO-NIGHT
California all thihyeer
PRIMROSE and WEST'S
810 MINSTRELS.
ENTIRE CHANGE FROM START TO
FINISH, INCLUDING THE
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
Will Contest for Cash and Valuable Prizes.
AH Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry.
Monday, May 18-HOYT'S
"ATRIP TO CHINATOWN I"
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Kbkibtiki Kb.ki.iso, Proprietor <& Maaagae
TO-KTIG-HT — -
BRILLIANT REVIVAL
Of Auber's Tuneful Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO:"
, EVERY NUMBER A GEM. •
— NEXT WEEK
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"
A Great Soenio Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
rniCOLAHOtR.OOTTLOD« o>- uiiUAnonAnAotßS-" .
Every veiling, Including Sunday I
Matiuee Saturday.
MORRISON'S Famous Scenic and Dramatic Pro-
duction of
FAUST !
Wonderful Scenic Effects.
The Marvelous "Brocken" -scene.
Genuine Flashes of Lightning!
Magic Kaln of Fire I
Reserved Seats 25c, 50c, 75c.
Next attraction— AM V LEE and FRANK DOANB
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOROSCO. Sole Leases and Managae
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian,
EDMUND K. COLLIER— r
In the Great Melodrama, .
"THE CROSS ROADS OF LIFE"
Svkkino Pricjlj— 2so and 59*
Family Circle and Gall err. 10a
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE.
SUT H. O 33 I 1 EC St
WON >KKFUL FKEE MUSEU >1 t
Largest Swimming Tank in the World,
PURE SEA WATER.
Experienced Swimming Teachers'
From European College*.
GENERA^ ADMISSION:
ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN 50.
UKIAH EX-
CURSION, NEXT SUNDAY* May 17th. Leave
via 7:30 a. m. Tiburon Ferry. Tickets for
round trip at ferry only, $2. Children $1. No
extra charge for reserved seats if secured at 333
O'Farrell st. from 1 to 9 P. m. before Saturday
night. Choice of stopping at Pieta 6 hours, Hop-
land 5M hours or Ukiah 4 hours. Grand Family
Outing. Don't miss it. J.E.LOCKE, Manager.
THE CHUTES.
Open SATURDAY and SUNDAY AFTERNOONS
and EVENINGS during improvements.
Free Japanese Kites to children SATURDAY.
New Balloon "Chutes" Sunday.
PACIFIC CQAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(BAIN ;OB SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
>" Take Southern Pacific trains at Third and Tow» .
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it
Fare for round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric lin» direct
to track. : : ' " -
A. B. SPRECKEL* W. 8. LEAKS,
iTetltlenu 6«crtu»
78
HELD IN GOLDEN LINKS
Nuptials of Walter Scott Hobart
and Miss Hannah Wil
liams.
RARE BEAUTY OF THE BEIDE.
A Wedding Breakfast for the Most
Intimate Friends— Elegant Wed
ding Presents
Walter Scott Hobart and Miss Hannah
Iseil Williams were married yesterday at
noon at the Neil cottage, San Rafael,
Bishop Nichols, assisted by the Rev. Mr.
Hartmau of St. Paul's Episcopal Church,
fcian Rafael, officiating.
For the past two months society, and in
fact the community at large, has found
the nuptials of this happy young couple a
fruitful and interesting source of conversa
tion.
At firtt Dame Rumor promised a quiet
church wedding at the little church at
Ban Rafael, where for the past six years
the fair young bride has been a constant
worshiper.
Then when it was officially announced
that the wedding was to be quietly cele
brated in the Neil cottage at Sar Rafael
gossip cams to the rescue of the disap-
pointed friends and predicted a large post- 1
nuptial reception at the Hobart mansion
011 Van N'e«s avenue.
Unfortunate! j', tnis was not to be so.
Arrangements for the wedding were all
conducted on the simplest and quietest
p ans in deference to the bride's mother,
who has been an invalid for the past eix
tf-i n years and to whom the slightest ex
citement might mean serious if not fatal
consequences.
There has always been an indescribable
charm about a May wedding, and yester
day's ceremony was no exception. All
nature seemed to smile approvingly. The
sun shone clear and bright. The slight
breeze just served to temper the burning
rays and make the tall pine trees that line
on either side the avenue that leads to the
rose-covered cottage sway Blightly, as
though in courteous welcome to the wed
ding guests.
The large garden that surrounds the
cottage in which roses grow and bloom in
wild and artistic confusion added to the
general picturesqueness of tbe scene and
lent that necessary touch of the ideal that
is essential to a May wedding.
The beauty without hardly prepared the
guests for the beauty within. The Neil
cottage is a home that lends itself readily
to the art of the decorator. The rooms are
large and furnished in that old-fashioned
way that is ever beautiful and artistic.
Bare pieces of antique furniture and valu
able pieces of old china add to the general
beauty of the interior and serve to tell the
story of the ancient and noble lineage of
the Neil and Williams family.
As far as was consistent, pink was made
the predominating tone of the decorations.
In the family sitling-room, where the cere
mony was performed, this color scheme
was carried out with the happiest effects.
The bay-window was the decorator's ob
jective point. The four large wiudows
which formed tbe large embrasure were
hid behind a display of fishnet, studded
with pink locust blossoms. The net was
carried forward to the ceiling, forming
overhead a triangular floral canopy. On
either side of the window were banks of
pink hydrangeas. It was in this floral em
brasure, kneeling on white satin cushions,
that the happy young couple were made
man aiid wife.
For the other apartments, on the same
floor, which were all placed at the disposal
ol the guests, no set form of decoration
was adhered to. There were simply flow
ers everywhere. Here an enormous bunch
of choice roses nodded in a costly vase
and there perhaps long, heavily laden
branches of hawthorn filled a crystal
bowl, or else wild brakes formed a cool
and pretty background for a rare bit of
bric-a-brac.
On the walls hung the family pictures,
giving to the entire scene a feeling of
home security.
To the minute, as the town bell chimed
the noon hour, the bridal party entered
the room where the ceremony was to be
performed.
The strains of Mendelssohn's wedding
march mingled strangely with tbe shouts of
boys, from Tarnalpais Col lege, just across
the road. The ceremony was simple and
impressive. First came the maids of
honor, Miss Ella Hobart and Miss Juliet
Williams. Immediately following the:n
came the bride, pale and beautiful, lean
inp on the arm of her grandfather, Robert
K. Neil. The groom, attended by his best
man, Harry Stetson, stood at tbe Bishop s
elbow waiting his bride.
The bride's mother, reclining on a divan
to the left of the floral bower, witnessed
tbe ceremony.
After the final words were pronounced
the friends of the happy young couple
crowded round them and offered their
conerntulations.
At 12:30 o'clock Mr. and Mrs. Hobart
led the way to the dining-hall, where the
bridal breakfast was served. The guests
were seated at two tables. At the bride's
table the decorations were most beautiful.
Duchesse roses arranged in large baskets
were used with most pleasing results. A
basket occupied the place 0/ honor in the
center and at the lower end. Bows and
streamers of pink ribbons, the s>ame here
as the roses, tilled in the intermediate
space. At the upper end, in front of the
covers laid for tbe bride and groom, orange
blossoms formed a pleasing decoration.
Tbe immense bridecake occupied tbe place
of honor, and had a twig of orange blos
soms stuck proudly in the top.
The menu of the breakfast was as fol
lows:
Grape food
Oyster, patties
itomiD salad
Squabs on toast
Green peas
i Icecream
Cake, -
Strawberries
Coffee, tea and chocolate
Champagne was served with all the
courses. '
Mr. and Mrs. Walter Hobart, of course,
occupied the places at the head of the
table, and Mr. and Mrs. Lester at the foot.
Seated at the right hand of the groom was
Miss Juliet Williams and at the bride's
right sat Dr. Tevis. The other guests at
the bride's' table were Miss Ella Hobart,
Wilberforce Williams, Miss Jessie Hobart.
Dennison Forsyth, Miss Allen, Mr. Me-
Near, Mrs. Lester, Mr. Lester, Miss Mary
Eyre, General Forsyth, Miss. Alice Hoff
man, Mr. Taylor, Miss Bertha Smith, Mr.
Stetson and Miss Juliet Williams. .
At the other table, were seated Robert
E. Neil, Miss Findley, Rev. Mr. Hartman,
Mrs. Neil, Bishop Nichols and Miss Vas
sault.
■ After the wedding breakfast the bride
went upstairs to don her traveling gown,
while the guests listened to the music and
inspected the wedding gifts. They were
displayed in the room to the rear of the
drawing-room -and were elegant and
costly.
In the midst of all the splendor of silver
and jewels, the groom's gifts to his bride
were prominently displayed. They were
! a tiny watch that a 5-cent piece might
i safely cover. It was an open-face time
piece, and the rim as well as the back was
a solid mass of diamonds. It was a chate
laine watch and the pin that it was at
tached to was a diamond crown. His
other gift was a jeweled polo-player that
may be worn as a ban pie or a charm. The
man and animal were of diamonds. The
rider's coat was of emeralds and his eyes
Scenes at the Pretty May Wedding of Miss Hannah Williams, a Fair
Maiden of High Degree, to Mr. Walter S. Hobart, the Young
. Millionaire. Both the Principals Are Exceptionally Popular in
Society Circles. The Ceremony, Which, Owing to the Delicate
Health of the Bride's Mother, Was Quietly Performed, Took
Place Yesterday in San Rafael.
of tiny rubies. His mallet was a thread
of gold, tipped with a peorl.
Mi«s Hobart's gift to the bride was a
complete service of solid gold and the
diamond sunburst that held the veil in
place.
Mrs. Lester sent an elegant 5 o'clock tea
service consisting of six pieces and ele
gantly engraved.
Dr. Harry Tevis presented the bride
with a medallion pin surrounded by
diamords.
General Forsyte's gift was also a medal
lion brooch set with pearls.
Mrs. John P. Jones sent a magnificent
crystal jar with a cover of gold, in the
center of which was set a medallion.
From Mrs. H. Taylor the bride received
an elegant silver icecream set, and Harry
Stetson sent a silver bread and batter set
of elaborate design.
Mr. and Mrs. Alvinza Hayward sent a
set of silver cake plates. The plates were
live in number, of different size and de
sign.
Jfrom Mr. and Mrs. James Cross was re
ceived an elaborate soap set.
Mrs. Edward McCutcheon's gift to the
bride was a silver fruit plate.
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Knight sent a
crystal and silver liqueur set.
Joseph D. Grant's gift was an elegant
silver water pitcher and salver and Harry
Simpkins' offering waa a silver bonbon
niere.
The gowns of the bridal party have here
tofore been described at length. The
bride's gown was a magnificent creation of
white satin, the corsage elaborately trim
med with tulle and duchesse lace.
The maids of honor were attired alike in
pink ailk with overdressess or white swiss
j with insertions of Valenciennes.
The bride's mother and grandmother
i wore elegant gowns of black satin, with
• duchesse lace trimming the corsage.
At 3:15 o'clock, the bride and groom and
wedding guests boarded the special train
at Tamalpais station. The bride wore a
stylish blue tailor gown with a rough straw
i hat to match.
Arrived at the City, the young couple
lelt immediately for the Hobart place at
San Mateo, and later will go East for a few
I weeks' stay. They will vist the various
Eastern watering places, and at Bar Har
bor will be the guests of Governor Den
nison of Ohio and Mrs. Dennison, coubins
lof the bride. Mr. and Mrs. Hobart expect
! to return in time to co to Del Monte for
j the shoot. They will pass the month in
! this City, and probably go next spring for
| an extended European visit.
Much has already been published about
I the rare beauty, charms and grace of the
| fair bride of" yesterday. San Francisco
j society has known her but one season.
She made her debut last winter at the
Wallace ball, and was immediately recog
nized as a beauty and a belle.
For the past few years she has made her
home with her grandparents and invalid
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
mother at San Rafael, and spent last win
ter the guest of her cousin, General For
syth, at the Richelieu. She is connected
by blood and marriage with the first fami
lies of this land, many of whose names are
part of America's history.
Young Hobart is almost too well known
to need any comment. He is known
throughout the United States as an ad
mirer, owner and breeder of fast horses,
and in addition to his vast wealth, esti
mated at several millions, he enjoys the
reputation of being a jolly companion, a
loyal friend and worthy citizen.
ELUDED PURSUIT.
The Happy Couple's Romantic Flight
to San Mateo In Special Train,
Tugboat and Buggy.
When young Walter Hobart planned his
wedding journey he made the most care
ful preparations, in order to avoid re
porters and the gaze of an interested
public.
The secret of his intended course was bo
well guarded that he was almost suc
cessful.
As the newly married couple were driven
to the San Rafael station soon after the
ceremony their purpose seemed evident,
but there the first disappointment awaited
the expectant passengers, who learned
after the train had started that the bride
and groom were not aboard.
On a side-irnck there had been another
locomotive with a single coach atttached.
and its destination proved to be the pier
at San Qnentin where the tugboat vigi
lant had been waiting for two hours to
carry the two passengers to San Fran
cisco.
Without baggage or even a cane or nara
sol and unhampered by friends, the happy
pair, oblivious to all else in the tirst
mom ents of their married life, started at
once from their special car tor the boat. A
small plank was laid from the rail to the
pier, and tbe groom ventured upon it. He
slipped and nearly fell overboard, but soon
after was safely on deck with his pretty
wife.
They took their positions on tbe leeward
side of the cabin, where blissfully con
scious that they were alone, they sat very
close together on two small camp stools,
the eroom's arm lovingly about his bride.
And this position they maintained during
the trip to this City.
The captain had instructed the engineers
to observe extreme caution, as the two
passengers aboard represented a little
matter of about $8,000,000. But that only
increased their desire to leave the engine
room one by one to get a glimpse of the
valuable lives in their charge.
At 2:40 o'clock the Vigilant arrived
safely at the Folsom-street pier, where a
horse and buggy stood in waiting, as a
part of the general plan. No one was in
attendance. Hobart himself unhitched
the horse, assisted his bride to the seat,
got in and drove off in the direction of Ban
Mateo, near which place he owns a coun
try residence, surrounded by extensive
grounds.
The bride wan attired very simply in a
becoming serge skirt, shirt-waist and black
straw sailor hat. The groom wore a plain
black sack suit and low-cut patent leather
SbO'3.
First Baptist Church Concert.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 12.— The Glee
Club of the California College will give a
concert in • the' First Baptist Church on
Santa Clara avenue next Thursday even
ing for the benefit of the church. Refresh*
ments will be provided by the ladles, and
as the admission is fixed at 25 cents a full
house is expocted.
■ — " » ♦ • — - —
The British yearly revenue returns offer
remarkable indications of the prosperity
of the country. The receipts were £201,
-973,000; the expenditures were £197,788,000.
leaving a surplus of more than £4,000,000.
When Baby \ras «lck, wo g»Te her Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castorla,
When she became Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them CustorU,
GRUNT'S PEDESTAL
CUT BY FELONS
Granite Base of the Monu
ment Carved by Con
victs at Folsom.
DENIAL AND ADMISSION
C. O'Connor Avers That the
Granite Was Quarried in
Placer County.
WARDEN AULL'S STATEMENT.
He Asserts That the Stone Was Quar
ried at Folsom and Dressed by
the Convicts of the Prison.
The story whispered low yesterday turns
out to be true, and more's the pity, that
the local managers of the Grant monu
ment have had the granite pedestal for the
bronze to be placed in Golden Gate Park
quarried and aressed by convicts of Fol
som Prison.
The first intimation that such might be
the fact came through the Granite-cutters'
Union of San Francisco, and at once an
investigation was directed by The Call.
The granite-cutters have already taken
steps to notify Colonel Fred Grant of New
York and U. S. Grant Jr. of San Diego
that prison work has been employed 6n
the monument.
Last evening Cornelius O'Connor, one
of the managers of the monument asso
ciation, was asked where the granite ped
estal came from, and he replied, "from
Placer County."
"Did it not come from Folsom?" he was
asked, and in reply ne said: "It came
from a quarry in Placer County and never
was at Folsom."
In reply to the next question, "Was the
stone dressed by convicts?" Mr. O'Connor
said: "It makes no difference who dressed
the stone. Pay no attention to that."
The Call at once established communi
cation with Warden Auli at Folsom Prison.
The Warden was asked:
"Was the granite pedestal for the Grant
monument dressed at Folsom?"
He replied : "Yes, it was."
"Was it dressed by prison convicts?"
"It was," responded the Warden.
"Where did the stone come from?"
"From the Folsom quarry," replied the
Warden.
"Are you sure that it did not come from
Placer County?"
"It came from the Folsom quarry."
"Was the stone quarried by convicts?"
"It was quarried by prison labor," re
sponded the Warden.
"Where is the pedestal now?"
"In Golden Gate Park."
The Granite-cutters' Journal, published
at Baltimore, relates an incident connected
with the finishing of the celebrated Grant
monument in Riverside Park, New York.
Recently a committee calleJ Colonel Fred
Grant's attention to a rumor that the orna
mental work for the interior was to be
performed by non-xmion men and he
promptly replied: "That will not do; my
father was a union man and his tomb
should be finished by union men or left
unornamented."
There should be enough money in the
Grant monument fund of Ban Francisco to
pay for first-class free labor on the monu
ment work.
A vast deal of money was subscribed
and never paid in, yet a considerable sum
was collected and accounted for. The in
terest on the amount which was deposited
in the Anglo-Californian Bank more thaD
ten yean ago should now oc available.
Surely the contributors to the Grant
monument fund never for a moment enter
tained the thought that convict labor
would be used in handling the material for
the monument. There is not a great deal
of money circulating about the Grand
Army posts ;of California or jingling in
the pockets of Union veterans, yet there is
enough to relieve the monument man
agers of the necessity of using convict
labor in this memorial enterprise.
DISINFECTED BY FLAMES.
Residence of Dr. Zeyn Burned by
Health Officers In Alameda.
ALAMEDA, Cai., May 12.— resi
dence of the late Dr. G. C. Zeyn, together
with all his personal effects, was destroyed
by fire this morning at the instance of the
Board of Health.
This was done to prevent any dancer
from contagion from erysipelas, the
malady to which the doctor succumbed.
His surgical instruments and office
furniture were divided among the medical
brethren who attended him, in conformity
•with his will.
Fire Exits In Public Halls.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 12.— Mention
was made April 19 in The Call of the
want of proper fire exits to both Armory
Hall and Opera-house. The matter received
attention on May 4 at the City Trustees'
meeting. Last night the fire committee
banded in the following report on the
various hails in the city :
Fraternal Hall, Park street and Webb avenue.
The floor of the lodgeroom iv the front and
the dancing or banquet room in the rear is
very shaky. Wooden posts are set under both
of the above ball floor joists, but apparently
the foundations of the building have settled.
The danceroom door and the main door at the
foot of the stairway should be changed so as
to swing outward.
Armory Halt— The gallery shakes badly, as
also does the main floor of the auditorium.
The street door at foot of gallery side entrance
is blocked, and door opening frcm the stage to
street stairway swings inward. The steps
leading from auditorium to stage are rotten,
as also are the three flights leading from tho
main hall exits on the Huena Vista avenue
side. The mudsills under the building are
rotten, and the herringbone bracing of the
floor joists beneath the main floor have nearly
all pulled loose in the center course. The
front main street door swings inward. As
nearly as wo could judge, the rods running
down the trusses under the roof to hold up the
gallery need tightening up, and the gallery
should also be supported from below. The
hall generally is in a bad state and in need of
repairs.
Linaerman Opera-house— are three
exits from the main floor to the street at front,
rear and side; all the doors opening; on these
exits swing outward. The railing on the Park
avenue stairway is too low. The exits from
the gallery deliver the people from that part
of the house at the head ol the main stairway
opposite the principal entrance to the- hall,
which is liable to cause congestion in case of
ranic. The gallery is carried by six %
and two one inch iron rods depending from
trusses under the roof and is supported from
beneath by two iron columns, two and one
fourth inches, rising from 'he main floor joists,
and wooden brackets under the sides. These
brackets were originally made to carry twice
the weight put upon them.
Although this gallery trembled somewhat
when a man jumped up and down there are no
evidences of weakness either in the trusses
under the roof, the plastering under the gal
lery or on the main walls. At our suggestion
Mr. Linaerman agreed to put in three addi
tional joists under the raise of the gallery floor
to stiffen it. The floor joists of the second
story are 2xlß and the studding sills rest on
solid concrete walls.
The defects in the other halls consisted
principally in the doors swinging inward.
It was resolved that the City Attorney be
instructed to araw up au "ordinance to
remedy the defects spoken of and to pre
vent the aisles and passageways being
blocked during performances.
KBW TO-PAT.
Sleep for sale — $y 50!
Metal beds are better, be-
cause more healthful (es-
pecially in summer.) More
open, more airy— and air is
what you want about a bed.
Besides they're stylish —
style for $7 50.
Picture shows it. White enamel, brass trim-
mings. (Without bedding), f 7 60-any sice you
wmnt:
Double.
Three-quarter.
Single.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
CN. P. Cole ft Co.)
117-123 Qeary Street.
S? OPIUM
The par* essential extract from the native drug. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium
without 'U noxious elements. No sickness ct rtomach ;
no Tomit Jig mo costiveness ; no headache. All Druggists.
THE BABY BOY BROWNING
Preliminary Examination of John
T. Flynn Resumed
Yesterday.
Mrs. Shaen, Mrs. Brownng's Sister,
tJndergoes a Severe Cross*
Examination.
The preliminary examination of John
T. Flynn, charged with the murder of
baby boy Browning, was resumed before
Judge Low yesterday afternoon.
Mrs. Browning, the mother, was put on
the stand for further cross-examination.
She admitted that Edward T. Dellex, a
hack-driver, lived with her at 1135 Mission
street, but oenied that the/ were known
as man and wife. She was never asked
the question by the landlady. They lived
there last year. Dellex had called upon
her two days before the baby wa9 born.
Mrs. Shaen, Mrs. Browning's sister, was
put through a severe cross-examination by
George A. Knight. She said she was a
married woman, but could not tell the
month or year when she was married to
her present husband, or who performed
tbe ceremony.
She had been previously married to a
saloon-keeper naned Kimball In Santa
Monica, who was shot and killed, but she
refused to say whether it was accidentally
or not. She denied ever living in Los An
geles or that she kept a house of ill
fame there. She was not known there as
Miss May Enright. Subsequently she ad
mitted that after Kimball was shot she
went to Los Angeles and lived with her
sister-in-law for tivs months.
She was introduced to a Mr. Jones by
her sister about two months ago and since
then her sister had told her that the man's
real name was Flynn. She had not seen
him since. Fiynn was made to stand up
and she said she would not swear he was
tbe man introduced to her as Mr. Jones.
I She denied that Flynn went for her the
night the baby was born and said it was
her nephew. She did not look at the baby
after she placed it in the bureau-drawer.
When she and her niece went to her home
to get the hot-water bag Mrs. Browning was
alone, and when they returned the baby was
gone.
Tessie Browning, Mrs. Browning's
daughter, testified that Dellex, the hack
driver, boarded with her mother on Mission
street. She knew Flynn, and was intro
duced to him by her mother. Flynn was
a frequent visitor at the house. Or cross
examination 9he said she knew nothing
about the birth of the baby, and simply
asked her aunt while going' for the hot
water bag if her mother was better. When
they returned, the door was locked, and
she had to open it with her key.
Dr. Barrett, who made the autopsy, said
the baby died from inanition. Detectives
Gibson and Wren gave unimportant tes
timony, and the case for the prosecution
was closed.
Flynn in his testimony flatly contra
dicted Mrs. Browning, Mrs. Shaen and
Tessie Browning in many essential partic
ulars. On the night the baby was born he
was at Mrs. Browning's place three times.
The first time about 8:30 o'clock, when he
found Mrs. Browning in bed. Then at
10:30, when Mrs. Shaen told him to
call back in an hour. He did so, and after
waiting with Tessie in the front room for
about three-quarters of an hour he, at the
request of Mrs. Sbaen, took Tessie out fora
walk. They returned about 1:30 a. m., and
I he went home with Mrs. Shaen for the hot
| water bag, carrying at her request a bundle,
which she said contained soiled clothes.
"When they got to Mrs. Shaen's house she
invited him in and he had a glass of
whisky with her. He returned to Mrs.
Browning's with Mrs. Shaen, and after
waiting for about five minutes went home
to the Winchester House. He admitted
giving Mrs. Browning money, but it was
out 01 pure friendship and to help her and
her two children.
Tbe examination will be resumed to
morrow afternoon.
anew to-pat.
cifMi
BLACK
DRESS
GOODS.
. Unprecedented Values!
SPECIAL FOR THIS WEEK.
25 pieces FIGURED MOHAIR SUIT-
INGS, value $lv, now—
$7.00 Full Suit
1
20 pieces NOVELTY GRANADAS
AND JACQUARD SUITINGS,
value $14, now— , ,
$10.50 Full Suit
15 pieces NOVELTY MOHAIR CRE-
PONS, value $15 75, now—
$12.25 Full Suit
25 NOVELTY SUIT TERNS,
- regular price $25 to $32 50, now—
$17.50 to $22.50
GLOVES
Our "GLOVE SALE" continues.
Gloves worth $1 50, $1 25 and $1 *
all styles and colors, at—
6Oc per Pair.
BE DABLA ESPANOr* •
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SB. Cor. deary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
• BRANCH HOUSE.
, LOS ANGELES.
NEW 10-DAr.
Vino-Kolafra
Steadies the
Nerves
of worn-out women and over-
worked men. It is a wonderful
tonic and a non-intoxicating
stimulant, from which there
is no depression or reaction.
Builds up Invalids
The strengthening and nerve-
sustaining properties of Vino-
Kolafra have been shown by
such tests as those of the
French Army, the Loomis and
Flower hospitals, New York,
' the athletes of Yale, Cornell,
Pennsylvania and other uni-
versities, the Superintendent
of the New York Postoffice,
various government depart-
ments in Washington, and
thousands of physicians.
Sold by druggists generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
Johnson & Johnson, Selling Agents,
93 William St., New York.
"BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
STERLING-
BICYCL.EB,
WHEELS and PALMEK TIRES ouakan-
teed for one year. Price $100. If yon want
to know more about The Sterling send for our An
Catalogue. Mailed free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
314 POST STREET. San Francisco.
lIjJ|J \ T J fl'll JJ *ji g^k {
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
/„ .■ -'■■/;' ":'■''. : .' : OP THE ;/■■ : - "-- '
NORTHWESTERN MUTUAL
LIFE IHSUEAIIGE COMPANY
OF MILWAUKEE. IN THE STATE OP WI9-
-: \J consin, on the 31st day of December, A. I).
1895, and for the year ending on that day, made
to the Insurance Commissioner of the mate of
California, pursuant to the requirements of section
613 of the Political Code of said State.
ASSETS. ;
Net value of real estate owned by
the company $1,400,863 15
Amount of loans secured by bond
and mortgage on real estate 69,041,112 24
Cash loans to policy-holders on this,
company's policies assigned . as ~S
collateral 1,048,050 00
Premium notes and loans In any
form taken In payment of pre-
miums on policies now In force. . . 418,301 84
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by the company-.... 12,635,201 OS
Amount of cash on band In com-
pany'soffice 97,169 05
Amount of cash deposited In banks 4,508,915 77
Interest due and accrued. 1,382,318 08
Rents doe and accrued •. * 8,987 71
Net amount of premiums In pro-
■ cess of collection and of deferred
: premiums 1.481,470 74
Total assets $32,902,389 64
LIABILITIES. ==
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments, due and un- ■ •'
paid. 08,216 74
Claims for death losses and ma-
tured endowments in process of . '.'•■■'>
adjustment, or adjusted but not
due 282,359,67
Claims resisted by the company 43,844 99
Nat present value of all the out-
standing policies, computed ac-
cording to tae combined experi-
ence tables of mortality, with 4
percent interest 65,804,572 00
Amount of all unpaid dividends to
policy-holders. 94,740 97
All other demands against the com- ■•«•
pany 108,094 01
Total liabilities .$66,388,888 38
INCOME.
Cash received for premiums on
new policies during the year. 91,579,149 03
Cash received for renewal of pre-
miums during the year 11,990,630 78
Cash received for sale of annuities. 6, - . 91 97
Cash received for Interest 3,837,791 50
Cash received for rents 109,042 33
Cash received from all other '
sources 27,269 41
Total inc0me....... $17,650,775 82
EXPENDITURES."
Paid for losses and matured en-
dowments i $3,512,740 40
Paid to annuitants. , 2.554 26
Paid for surrendered policies 873.671 38
Paid for dividends to policy-holders 1,396.894 69
Commissions paid to agents 1,543,571 63
Salaries aud other compensation of
officers and employes, - except
agents and medical examiners... 306,196 26
Salaries and traveling expenses of
managers of agencies 699 91
Medical examiners' fees ana sal-
aries....... ■ 119,691 15
Cash paid for taxes 19i -s£ :i 73
Cash paid for rents -25 000 00
All other cash payments 782,119 16
Total expenditures durinc the —
year.. .'• -$8,656,60.1 42
PKEMItfM note ACCOUNT. ~~
Premium notes and other
premium obligations at _
beginning of the year. .$167,540 42
Premium notes and other
premium obligations re- :
celved during the year. . 89,664 60
— »557,205 03
Deductions during the year as follows: ■ ■■■■\;t
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used in payment
of losses and — $'-'2,756 17
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions used In purchase
'of surrendered policies. 10,436 81
Amount of notes and ' -
other premium obliga-
t ions used in payment -
-. of dividends to policy- '
h01der5.................. 66,038 04
Amount of notes and-
other premium obliga-
tions voided by lapse of
policies 13,780 90
Amount of notes and
other premium obliga-
tions redeemed by
maker in cash 25,290 16
Total reduction of "
premium note account.. ■ $138,903 18 I
. . H. L. PALMER, President. : /
_ . _. . . . J. W. SKINNER, Secretary,
•of^ebru l^, 1896?°™ "* before me lbU> lst **'
C. A. PKIDE, Notary Public, I'TIS ODD FELLOWS'
DAY TO SHINE
Insignia of the Order Would
Seem to Be Omni
present.
REBEKAHS' CONVENTION
Grand Lodge's Forty-Fourth An
nual Session— Sixth of
Rebekahs.
MRS. DONOHO FOB v THE CALL"
Gilroy Town Wants the Orphans'
Home, Now Situated in
Thermalito.
Yesterday was Odd Fellows' day.
The ribbon-bedecked member of the
order was in evidence everywhere — on the
streets, in the hotel corridors, in the cable
cars and round the various places of
amusement. His presence was manifestly
felt.
The wearing of badges was in no wise
monopolized by men ; the ladies with
their gay decorations seemed as numerous
as the sands of the sea, and their beatific
Bmiles conclusively demonstrated that,
though their sojourn was for the transac
tion of business, the amount of pleasure
they were deriving from it was not closely
hedged about with limitations.
And the cause of all this excitement and
bustle was the meeting of the State bodies
of both organizations, the O<ld Fellows
and the Daughters of Rebekah. In fra
ternal parlance the State body of the
former is called the Grand Lodge of the
1. 0. O. F. of California, and the latter the
State Assembly of the Daughters of Re
bekah.
This annual session of the Grand Lodge
marks the forty-fourth milestone of its
progress. The Kebekahs are younger — this
being their sixth annual communication —
which would seem eminently proper, as
the sister organization is supposed to De
under the protecting wing of tbe older and
sterner body.
At 9 o'clock the Grand Lodge convened
in assembly hall of Odd Fellows' building,
corner of Market and Seventh streets.
About 600 delegates were to be present,
and most of them were. None of the
officers were absent, and a full quorum was
ready to take up business.
The meeting was formally called to or
der by Grand Master P/F. Gosbey, and
everything was got in ord«r for embarking
upon the sea of technicalities incident to
such a gathering, after which a short re
cess was taken.
During the recess everything waa con
fusion. Congratulations and handshaking
were witnessed in every part of the large
hall. Many of the delegates have acted in
this capacity before and thereby became
acquainted with many of their* brethren
from other lodges, and they all beamed
with friendliness and satisfaction at meet
ing again in the same spot hallowed by
past associations.
Many of tbe delegates from the interior
had aruved Monday, and several of the
officers and prominent lay members were
entertained at dinner the same evening by
ex-Justice of the Supreme Court C. N.
Fox at his home in Oakland.
After recess the committee on creden
tials rendered its report.
The next item was to confer the Grand
Ledge degree on 275 members.
Then the grand master rendered his re
port. The document waa of great length
and dealt with all the subordinate lodges,
new lodges of both the Odd Fellows and
the Rebekahs, dispensations granted and
refused, and handed down many de
cisions. Tne report lead off as follow?:
•Through the providential care of our
Supreme Grand Waster we have been per
nmted again to assemble in deliberative
body to learn of the good done, results
accomplished and blessings given and re
ceived by our beloved order during the
year last passed.
"The results of my stewardship will
soon become known to you. L am aware
that everything which has been done and
said by me will not meet with universal
approval, yet I expect from you your
kindest brotherly indulgence and consid
eration."
Ihe body of the report showed that two I
subordinate lodges have been instituted ■
during the past year, Farnsworth Lodge \
No. 95 at San Francisco, with twenrv-tive '
charter members, and Bridgeport Lodge 1
No. 386 at Bridgeport, Mono County, with
twelve charter members. In addition
twelve Rebekah lodges were instituted.
Six lodges were duly consolidated with I
three, this course being desired by the
lodges themselves. The number of dis- j
pensations granted was 215; refused 2.
There followed a long list of decisions,
visitations and recommendations. None
of the decisions make any startling de
parture from the laws laid down by prece- I
dent, and it is believed by members that
they will pass unquestioned.
Followine the rule of rotation in office, a |
long-established custom, the grand master ;
took occasion to refer to the one who will i
in all likelihood be his successor to the im
portant office of the headship of the i
1. O. O. F. in this State. He said:
"My successor. Brother J. W. Warboys,
is well qualified to take up the work where I
it has been left off. 1 ask for him the
same kind consideration and support
which I have received, and our beloved
order will move on in its great work of I
brotherly love and kindness, fulfill its
great mission of fraternizing the world,
ever looking to the supreme grand master
of t..e universe for his guidance and direc
tion in our great work of humanity."
The report was referred to tbe commit- \
tee on distribution.
The reports of the other grand officers j
wtre then given in succession. At 12 m.
an adjournment was taken till 2 v. m.
The grand secretary's report, the first of
the afternoon session, showed that the as
sets of the order had increased during the
year by $52,000, though there was a de
crease of rifty-six in membership. Out of
the relief fund tha sum of $278,0C0 had
been paid.
The grand treasurer's report showed
that the balance on hand is $15,52158;
$42,609 20 has been received during the
year, and $46,648 55 paid out. The balance
at the time the forty-third annual report
was made amounted to $19,500 93. All the
reports were referred to tbe proper com
mittees.
Next in line of business was the reports
of the various committees. The only time
for this during the afternoon was taken up
by the committee on appeals. They were
accepted to the unit.
To-morrow other reports will be handed
i:i and all will be duly considered, as well
as tbe decisions rendered by the grand
Master, which were referred to the com
nittee on legislation.
Among other matters touched upon
Ightly during tie day was tbe home at
1 hermalito, which is in a temporary loca
tion and h»s been in existence for only a
year. It was learned that the results
a hieved by the home during the year
were very encouraging.
The hours of meeting were fixed from 10
to 12 in the forenoon, from 2 to 5 in the
afternoon and in the evenings as ordered.
There was no evening session, owing to
a banquet given the "veterans" in the
order at the St. Nicholas Hotel, which had
been tastefully decorated for the occasion.
Speeches were made by the prominent
members, in which they congratulated one
another and the order generally on its
nourishing condition.
To-day the member* say they intend to
get down to good solid work after yester
day's preliminary skirmishing.
REBEKAHS IN SESSION.
Public Reception to the Visiting
Delegates In the
Evening.
At the same time the Grand Lodge con
vened in the morning the grand president
of the Rebekahs. Miss Fannie Benjamin of
Los Angeles, in Memorial Hall, Odd Fel
lows' building, called the ladies.
The morning session was mostly de
voted to reading grand officers' reports.
In general they showed that the condition
of the order was prosperous and promised j
to ascend to Higher planes of usefulness.
The grand president's report was orna
mented with gems of rhetoric, which glit
tered and sparkled pleasantly amid their
more prosaic setting.
"Met again ! How the life-ripples dance !"
the report began. "How the eye-glances
dart, and how the hand-graspa quiver with
the delirium of joy at this, our glad re
union!
"Met again, old friends and new friends,
yet all united in the golden bond of Friend
ship, Love and Truth."
The reading of tue report was frequently
interrupted by the applause of ite admir
ing members and delegates.
The afternoon session was opened with
addresses by Grand Master Gosbey of San
Jose and Deputy Grand Master G. M. War
boys of Santa Koa.
The assembly degree was conferred by
Past Grand Representative Thompson of
Eureka, wno is an honorary member of
the State Assembly.
The various reports were referred to the
proper committees.
An invitation was sent to the Grand
Lodge to attend their reception in Assem
bly Hall during tne evening.
The last subject of the afternoon, which
attracted v deal of interest, was the read
ing of a letter sent to the grand secretary
of the State Assembly by a Mrs. Hoxett of
Gilroy. The letter was with regard to the
Orphans' Home at Thermalito.
The writer stated that a Mr. Miller of
Gilroy had promised as an inducement to
moving the home to that city that he
would denote five acres of land for a site,
worth $1500.
The letter further made known that the
city itself had given ita word to furnish i
water free, and anything else it could |
legally.
besides this, the citizens bad stated that I
they would contribute the sum of $1050,
and four ladies would eacn Inrnish a room
at a cost not to exceed $50, a doctor's ser
vices for two years, a norse, a cow and
chickens, and 100 choice trees, together
with fifty rose bushes of different vari
eties.
The letter was spread upon the minutes '
and will be considered during the session. 1
At the close Mrs. Donoho, the grand I
secretary, made a short speech, highly '■
eulogizing Ths Call.
Said the lady: "The Call is distinc
tively a woman s paper.
"It is not afraid to come out on the side
of right and justice, and extend the help
ing hand to the women in their struggle
for recognition. All honor to it, I say, for
its sturdy nobility of management.
"It is our duty to aid it by patronizing j
it, for it is not meet tnat we should ignobly j
forget tnose that have befriended us. May
Tin: Call's manager have a long and suc
cessful career is my desire."
In the evening Fair Oaks Rebekah Lodge
conferred the Rebekah degree in Assembly
Hall. Afterward there was a public recep- ■
tion for the visiting delegates and their
families. A most pleasant time was had,
and the ladies said they were ready to
attack the work that lay before them with •
renewed vigor.
A BEST FOR MISS ASHLEY
She Broke Down on the Stand
Yesterday, so Court
Adjourned.
j Scope of the Testimony as Taken Yes
terday Behind the Closed
Doors.
For all yesterday morning Judge Slack's
' courtroom doore were inhospitably closed
i to intruders ; but it was only for the morn-
I ing, for at noon the case closed for the
day.
Miss Ashley was still upon tbe stand
when the court adjourned, but her direct
i testimony is nearly all in, and her cross
: examination will ttart to-day. Sbe took
! up the thread of her evidence where she
i laid it down yesterday — where she told
j how she started back home with her child.
Previous to its birth, she said, she had
| hunt ed for Baldwin all over, trying to get
i him to care for her and give her aesist
; ance. She finally met him in St. Louis —
at the racetrack there— and he gave her
$40, but that sum was all he ever gave her.
I He left St. Louis soon after her arrival,
and she still hunted for him; but finally
I she gave up her search and came back to
| Los Angeles. There her child was born.
The witness was acain questioned as to
| her relations with Baldwin, and as to tne
tune and circumstances under which she
told her brother of what had taken place
between herself and Baldwin. Her letters
and telegrams were read to her — the ones
sne wrote and sent to Baldwin before sbe
started for California, while sue was on the
way here and after she got into trouble.
Her early life was gone into, and all about
her habits and her character was drawn
out by Crittenden's questions.
Toward the close of the morning session
the witness broke down completely ; the
brutal frankness of the questions which
had to be asked overcame her, and sbe
sobbed violently on the stand while the
counsel waited J .o proceed. When the
court adjourned at noon it was decided
not to continue during tbe afternoon out
of deference to the unstrung nerves of the
witness, and a recess until this morning
was taken.
Counsel for the defendant make few ob
jections. They protest now and then that
a question is leading or irrelevant, but
they allow the same lin- of questions as
were put on the examinations for deposi
tions to be put before the court.
REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
Sale of Miscellaneous Properties by
Eastern, Kldrldge & Co.
There was a large attendance at the auc
tion sale held yesterday by Kaston, Kl
dridge & Co., their salesrooms being rilled
to overflowing. Of the properties offered
the following were sold: A bay-window
residence of eight rooms, with lot 45x120,
located on the north line of Green street,
197 feet west of Jones, was 6old with an
' 'if" for $7875. A lot, 31 :3xl00, at the north
west corner of Laguna and Greenwich
streets, covered with four French flats,
brought $4600. A one-story building con
tainin • a store and four rooms, with lot
37:6x62:6, located at the northeast corner of
Union and Steiner streets, sold for $3000.
A tenement house at No. 213 Twelfth
street, with lot 21x87:6, sold with an "ii"
for $2800. A lot 46:9x100, at the southeast
corner of Btanyanand Seventeenth streets,
sold for $1525.
Violated the Caininettl Act.
The United Btates Grand Jury returned an
indictment yesterday against Ah Young, Ah
Sing, Ah Jim, Ah Chung, Ah Ling, Ah Hung
and Ah Shaw for violating the Debris Com
mission act. Tne complaint as filed charges
the seven celestials with mining by hydraulic
process a certain property In Placer County,
known as the Green Valley mine. Bail was
fixed at *<25U for each muu.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
GOOD GUESSERS SCARCE.
The Talent Landed on but Few
of the Winners at
Ingleside.
FOUB FAVORITES WERE BEATEN
Jockey Si McClain Indefinitely Sus
pended for a Suspicious Ride
on Babe Murphy.
The racing card at Ingleside yesterday
was made up entirely of selling events,
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter Reetlng. Ingleside Track. Eighty-third day, Tttsedav,
* nay 12, 1896. Weather fine. Track good.
1 1 ( \R * IKBT itACE— Four furlonfs; selling; two-year-olds; allowances; purse $400.
Index.
Horse, weight.
Bt
V*
I
Vl
»/*
I
Htr.
Fin.
_L
Jockeys.
Belting.
Op. Cl.
1145 ! Scarborough 106 6 5Mi 3 1 1 n H. Martin 2 *
(11 50), Lodestar 110 4 2h 2*4 22 Irthlelds 7-10 7-10
1118 Bohemian Lass.. 99 3 lv 1U 3 6 Kowan 80 150
1156 iDestra 104 2 4h 61 43 Snider 15 40
1186 Jane Andrews.... 103 6 61 62 51 McClaln 12 30
1155 Laura Burt 100 1 3b 4 1 66 Macklin 8 16
1150 ißebekah 98 7 7 7 7 Casey 30 75
In
2 2
36
43
51
66
7
H. Martin
Shields...
Kowan
Snider.
McClaln
Macklia
Casey
2 a
7-10 7-10
30 150
15 40
12 30
8 16
30 75
Starting-gate used. Won cleverly. Winner, Atkln <fc Lottridge's b. c, by Xl Rio Rey-Fonsetta.
Time, :tO.
"I "j QC\ SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse
Index. Horse, age, weight. I
1159 Peru, 3 102
1160 I rin a, i 103
1163 Gallant. 4 108
1125 Perhaps, 3 93
1143 Banjo, 5 107
1161 Ip.FullrtnLass,6..lO6
1125 iNervoso, 4 106
iMiss Ruth, 4 103
[Rose C,4 103
Index. Horse, age, weight. Ht.
5 7y% 6Vi
3 21 2?
6 4% 41
4 12 11
2 6% 7
8 8 8
7 3h 'Ay,
1 6% 6^
9 9 9
V*
Sit Fin. I Jockeys. op 3 *"'"?!.
3 1 13 !H. Martin 4 7-2
2y» 'iV% 'Butler 10 30
4 1 Sh . IMacklin 6 6
114 4 1 Johnson 7-5 7-5
6 1 6h Figgott 10 12
7 6 |\Vells 20 40
6 1 7 JlcClain 10 80
8 8 bnlder 6 8
9 9 Shepard 30 100
Starting-gate used.
Won easily. Winner, Al Morine's eh. c, by Gano-Cnnnalita. Time, 1 .1614.
1 170 THIKD BACK— Five and a halt fnrlongs; three-year-olds and upward; purse f 400.
Index.) Horse, age. weight. |ku 14 y, »4 str. Fin. I Jockeys. |op?"
(1154) (.eorge Miller. a..108i 2 11 11 11 12 Cosdy 8-5
1131 IWm. Pinkerton.3 93 1 8 su 2h 21 22 Johnson 3
1144 Ip. antaßella.3. 991 4 'iiZ 4 2 3W| 316 Piggott 4
(1071)!shieldbearer, 4...1081 1 42 55 62 4Vi Macklin 10
(1144vi>elxotto.3 93i 6 6 32 43 61 • Frawley 3
1149 'Broad Billow, 3.. 93| 6 SI 6 6 6 .V.axey 100
Index.' Horse, age, weight. Ist.
Kin.
I
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
(Ing.
Cl.
6-5
4
6
20
7-2
500
Starting-gate used.
Won easily.
Winner W. L. Stanfiela's b. g., by Loftln-Emma. Time, 1 :0934
I 171 FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; three-year-olds and up; conditions;
I 1 i 1. . purse $400.
Index. Korse, age. weight. St. | Std. y% % Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. oBe"o Be "
1146 ! Belle Boyd, 3 91 6 11 11 11 2 2 111 ■Butler „.. "4
1151 Jack Richelieu, a.lltt 3 4h 4h 2b IV% '•! 8 Martin 10
1141 Perseus, 3 03 9 5h 53 31 32 !3 2 IF raw ley 2
1152 Tar and Tartar, a.1 131 2 7^ 9 7 61 4ns Snider 10
1161 Tonlno, 3 93! 4 2i« 2h 41 4 3 5h Johnson 10
1146 Alvero, 3 9H| 6 18 3 7 2 8 6 1 6 3 'Mc'.iityre 8
1166 AdphSprecfcels,3. 96 8 9 6 1 6 2 8 7 1 Brown 3
1152 Huncarven, a 116! 7 16 h 819 9 8 Shields 10
(1160) Mosier. 3 97i 1 SI 31 56 \l 1 |9 FiKSOtt tf
Jockeys.
I Betting.
Op. cl.
ting.
cl.
3
16
2
15
15
12
4
15
6
starting-gate used. Won handily. Winner, J. P. Atkins' eh. f., by Xl Rio Rey-Sylvia. Time.
l:50y 2 .
"I 1 —»"_) FIFTH RACE— JSeven furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; purse $400.
lodes. I Horse, age. weight.
index. Horse, age. weight.
(1159)'oilre, 4 99
1119 Chartreuse 11, 5.. 1' M
1159 jMlssßrummel, 3. 97
(1141 VAil over, 4 110
St.;
if
2
4 1
V* I % «4 I Sir. I Fin. I Jockey..* ' fo^""'"^
Zyx 2h 21 11 lh MrClaln. ! 8-6 313
2h 3h 3 1 3 2 2 2Vi Snider. 4 .'^ 8
IY2 11 IVi 2h 3ns riinrott 4 «
4 4 4 4 4 Shields 2 3
Starting-gate used.
Won driving.
Winner, K. Corrigan's b. f., hy Apaclie-Vlrgle.
Time, 1 :29V4-
-1173.
bJXTII RACK— Six furlongs: selling; three-yrar -olds and upward; conditlous: purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. M. *4 y% «4 Btr. Fin.
1146 jiSeaHprny, 4 105 4 3 1 by* 32 lh
1151 Kowalskr. 3 96 6 lh Ili 11 21
1166 Morvpn, 5 107 2 21 23 21 3*4
1164 BabeMurjhy, 4..103 1 by, 4li 6XL 4 2
1146. Crawford, a 107 b 8 Sh 4iZ 6 2
112H Way Day. & 110 7 7y. 8 61 61
1108 I Joe Terry, 3 100 6 4h 6 1/4 71 71
1146 I New Moon. 3 91 3 61 71 8 8
Bett
Jockey. Op.
Snider. 10
Krawley.... 3
liiMH 6 •
. McClaln 1
1'ercn......;.,, 20
I B€auchompw;*... 30
Burns 4
I Brown 20
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. (1.
ting.
CI.
10
4
. a
4-5
•60
. 75
' 10
40
Start inz-gste used. Won driving. Winner, r. Siebenthaler's b. g., by Imp. Marlner-Maranette
Time. 1 : 1_6 s,i .
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingteside Track.
Tr T*em where the terse* have no record «v the distance to be run the record* at tut next oeartst
distance areclvea.
A Ltrevmtlons— F.. fait: Fa., fair; H., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— HaIf a mile; maiden two-year-olds.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbs rt-cord.
Ms!. I.l>- Ik
Owner.
Pedigree.
11S5 Tortoise
1130 Dolce
1165 Halsey
1165 Diabllta
1155 Widow Jones...
1162 i The Roman
1051 Emello H
1118 ! Rose Magenta..
1165 Sharon Lass
1155 'Santa Paula
H9B . Popinjay
1155 Horatio
1112 Viking
1168 (Laura Bert
1155 JRachael
113
110!
113
HO
110
113
110
110
103
110
118
113
110
103
110
.... .... E. Powe .'.
Pueblo stable
Barns^Waterhoose
Nevada stable
D. J. Tobln
.... ..'.. Kirn wood stock fm.
P. Mitchell
.... .... Antrim stable
C. L. McDonald....
C. J. Tbacker
Hutchineon A Hike
Bohemian stable...
G. Wright.
A. B. Spreckels ....
! E. Corrigan
Brown Fox-Turquoise
Flam bean imp Janet N
Imp.Marienhurst-Klsle S
Joe Hooker-Ojhl !a
St. Anrtrew-llHttle Ball
Imp. RrutUH- Beauty
Take Notice- \V!il. »in!>
Im.Marlner-Rosaßella flllr
Ivraiu im. Dolansliire Lass
Santa Fe-Doity Dimple
Imp. Invernrss-Palflena
Imp. Mldiothlan-Lurllne
Herald-Rileena
Imp.Hallowmas-Zulelka
Apache- Irene
KKCOND RACE— Six furlongs; handicap.
Index. I
Name.
Best I
Lbs record. I.Msl |Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1148 :Mldas 111)0 1:41*4* 1 m 93 X... J. H. Tarn
(1172)Ollve 9«;i:16 |8f 102 F... K. Corrliran
1172 ip.M'sa Brmml 95,1:42y 3 ' 1 m 91, Fa. W. OK M'donougb
1161 ,T«bey 92 1:10 D4f 100!Ka. W. a. Hlnion
1131 Carnation. 82J1:1O 6^4 t 1071F... A. B. Spreckels
1166 INebnchadnezar 91 1 •.41 V^ 1 m 94[F... F.lmwood stck farm
Empr. NorfolK-Wlnona
Apache-Vlruie
Benu Brnmmel-lmp. Mirage
Imp. Uraenback-Vna
Hambeau-imn. Amplla
Imp. Brutus-Uypsette
THIRD RACE— One and three-eighths miles: hurdle; handicap.
Index.
I Best
Lbs record.
DUU LbajTk.
Name.
Owner.
Ppdlßree.
1157 Hello
1121 I'ol. Weight man
li:< 8 i Silverado
1188 ITernplemore....
11S2 Tyro
1122 iHleeping Child..
140i2:25K,4 114 m 126 H. . O. F. Johnson
188.3:02 lV«m 126 H.. A. G. Blakely
ias|2:l6S4 \3iG\n 134 Fa. E. CorrUan
130 J. Brenack
1801 K.Corrlgan
125,norec \V. I>. Kandnll
Bid-by Reveille
Warreilow-Leasle P
Uutherford-Jotle C
Tom Ochlltree-Sadle X
Lonsfellow-Lpoßor* Morris
Child Mlst-Erln (Jo Braugh
TOUBTH RAOB-Oi
lemlle: selling.
Index.)
Rama.
I Beat
Lbs Record Blst. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1169 ' I.Fun«rtonLass
1161 Abl P .....
1161 KlmerF
1074 Henford
1041 Flirtllla
1161 WarraßO
1163 All Smoke
1165 Huntsman.
1160 Rodegap
1166 Fair Faith
1087 Vernon-
1127 Artlcns
HBO Idaßaner
1171 Dungarvea.
114 1:1814 61 101 H.. stable on-Cast sway """"
114|l:01lA 6 r 109,r...!0. Vacheco Three Cheers-Dairy Maid
116;i:16i{ 6f 104 F... Flood more stable... Portlnnd-Fantasta *
112 1:1O1A t>yx t 10« Fa. California stable... Imp. Kvrle I)aly-VUaUa
110 1:3314 7 I 106 H.Jo. Appleby ! Peel-Fausilne
114 1:40% 1 m 101 F_. Garden City stable. U'arwlck-Fedalma
11" iVfi7"' "iCY" Yiiii" L. Stephens. Imp. Bilk Oown-ortnanee
116 1:07 6I . 133 H.. P. Her M « ; Prince Norfolk-HaVdee
112 .... J. ii. Kuikley HarryO'Fa!lat>.MatWalk»r
115 1:281,4 7f 102 ! F... a.C.Htldreth Jlls Johnson Bertie C
112 1:09 6% t 91iF... E. Hlnkleipan.!.... \ Powhatian-Verna
119 W. C. VlveU lArgyle-Olenloch
110 1:19 8f 100 IL. O. L. Bell ; i Joe Hooker- Addle O1O 1 Veil
119 1:0914 by, f 101 F... L. Etell i Hindoo-Imp. ( ? alpnnrnta
KIFTH RACK— Six
furlongs; selling.
>'sm*.
1 Best
Lbs record.
DIM. I Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Index.
Pedigree.
494 May Jones
1146 Doubtful
j Don na Carlotta.
3-3 iPrlmrole
1180 |Re<l Ptfce
1163 lOovernor Budd.
1184 Jpromo 8.
lir.i iLuctlie
1143 |O'Fleet»..
105! 1... R. W. Roberts |Kylo-bv Joe Daniels
97 I:16»4l8f 97iFa. H. F.iell PoutH-Natchlt"c!,,.s
101 :60J*,U| m 108 V... Oakland stable IBL Carlo-Marltw»
95! :SOi. i^ m 102 F... |Ple»s»nton stabi*. . I Aparhe-Llnda Vista
88|l:0f &Vi » 93|F... C, Lind IGeorge Klnnev-tntreaty
95,1:15 6f 98 F... Woodlawn stable.. Fresno- Kosac; " lremly
112 1«29i.4 7f 108 F... P. Weber.. Joo Danlels-Sweetbrier
W noroo. .... A. B. Ppreckcls . . . . St. Saviour-^rdonvx
107il:09 loVfe f 106JF... J. M. Buckley Harry O'Fallo™Fleeta
SIXTH RACB— Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
678
1137
1058
1149
1149
1058
1149
802
1149
1149
1013
IIS*
1149
1159
1107
Kama.
Magpie
Duke Stevens..
Tuberose
Gracious...
The Sheriff
Cadenza
Landlord
Verdette .......
Hkalkaho
Minnie 111
Flammlfcr......
Rbaeila
Tyro
Masoero
Soda Cracker...
Capt. Spencer..
Wasp
I Best ■
Lbs , record .
107; No rec.
100 No rec.
104 Nor.-o.
96 j No rec.
92 1 o rec.
90 Norec.
100 Korea
107 j No rec.
95 Norec
106 Norec
95lXi»rec
90 No rec.
109 No rue.
92 No rec.
106 No rec
108 No rec
Norec
Clsu
I.M
Tit.
.... J. M. Buckley
.... O. Appleby
.... C. ftarl...
.... Hope < i l«- n stk. farm
.... K. G. Griffon
.... iPueblo stable
.... J. Bobbins
.... J. J. Murphy
.... W. V. Randall
.... Phcenix stable
.... A. B. Spreckels
.... Kirn wood stk farm.
.... K. (.'orrlgan
— O. Pacheco
— La sipsta stk farm.
J. McCullougb
.... P. Weber
Owner.
Falsptto-Vlvandla
Duke Nortolk-Kdna X
\Vil.li,llc-Ak'ne< B
Hurinam-lmp. Gertrude
Jackson-Lciu yj
Flambeau-Irish Lass
Lon«fetlow-iinp. Manzanita
Vici Lucy Look
Hyaer All-Carrie G
Ked Iron-Miss Meiford
Flamboau-Not Idle
Imp. Hrmus-Moest»
Longrfiiow- Leonora Morris
Peel- Ursula
C rlnop N <>rtlk-by J. Hooker
Hraml>!p-D»lsy Floey
Wlldair-alater to Waif
Pedigree,
!........
SEVENTH BACB— Six furlongs; selling.
Indpx.
Name.
Best
Lbs Record
Dlst.
Lbs|Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1161 Catch ' Km:..— 107 1:11
1161 Tim Murphy.... 1107:1:14
1164 Tiberius- ! 03 1:16
1154 Oregon Eclipse. 107 1:16^,
(1165) Bed Glen 107 ll:14l l:14
1146 Gold Bug. 109 1:17
11C» Waller J.. 1 100 1:16%
(1167) Toano. 107 1:14%
1167 iMobalaaka I 96 l:itfv«
1144 HummerUma... 1:16 .
1171 Tonlno feS l:09V&
1166 Strathflowtr.... 106 1:16*,.
........ C0da............ 91 :49^
at
6f
«f
6f
Of.
SI
6f
6f .
ir
%m
112 H..
ill If. .
93 F..
113 F..
106 ,F..
106 Fa.
99 Y. .
106 F. .
103 P. .
86 F. .
86 F..
103 Far.
100 F. .
Mokelumne stk fin Im.MKllothlan-I.ittle Flush
Whit* A Clarke....! lmp. Kyrle Dalv-Maggle II
Klmwood stock fm. Imp. Brtitu -Ariola
J. Bobbins Joe Hooker- Lulu H:c«s
Cambridge stable.. (Jlen Kirn -Red Ciirl
J. Hunter 'Pitlsburg-MoUle 8
F. McDt-rmott | Imp. True Briton-miy 8
Wm. Hlonmtiauch. 'Longfellnw-salara
E. Corrln.in i A pache-Trlcksey
I'-l Prlmero stable.. |F;trjamos->prlngllke
Alroa Dale stable... J. H. Fenton-Ltiizle B
c. F. Sanders 'Strathmre- Flower of Meath
Pueblo stable |Imp. Cyprus-Imp. Rosetta
from a four-furlong scramble for members
of the two-year-old division to a one and a
sixteenth miles ran for all ages. Outside
of the defeat of four first choices the day's
sport passed off without incident worthy
of more than passing notice.
In the saddle H. Martin had quite a
profitable day of it, landing two of the
winners past the wire and finishing in sec
ond place on the back of oid Jack Riche
lieu in the distance race.
In the last race, a spin at six furlongs,
Si McClain put up a ride on the even
money choice. Babe Murphy, that im
pressed the judges as being a very peculiar
one and he stands indefinitely suspended.
Against the company opposed to her the
mare looked almost a certainty on her last
run, when she finished a close third to
George Miller and Bueno in a six-furlong
sprint, decided on Friday of last week.
On that occasion she came with a fine
showing of speed at the end and looked
tbe best horse in the race at the finish.
However the educated coin was withheld
yesterday. At the start Si was away well
with the favorite, but before a sixteenth
of the distance bad been covered was last.
He then took his mount on the outside
making the overland trip, and as the
stretch was reached it looked as though
the mare still had a chance, but tne effort
had proven too mucn and sbe ran un
placed. The result of the race was a sur
prise. After Kowalsity had outfooted
Morven and looked to be winning easily
Sea Spray came like a meteor from the
heavens and nipped the race at the wire
by the scantiest of heads. Tne winner
was a 10 to 1 shot in the batting.
The opening scramble for two-year-olds
did not augur well for the favorite. The
El Primero stable's Lodestar was consid
ered a "moral," going to the post heavily
played at the short price of 7to 10. In a
iliive he "was beaten out a head by Scar
borough, the "horse of mystery," second
choice in the betting, who covered the four
furlongs in 50 seconds fat, over a track
that was not fast.
The friends of the brown gelding Per
haps made a big plunge on him to pull off
the second event at six furlongs, backing
him steadily at odds of 7to 5. He raised
their expectations high by showing the
way until well into the stretch, when he
began to falter and ran unplaced. Peru,
the 4 to 1 second choice, came on from the
rear and won easily, three lengths in front
of Inna.
W. L. Stanfield's consistent performer,
George Miller, again gained brackets in
the live and a naif forionc sprint that fol
lowed. He waa backed from Bto 5 down
to 6 to 5, and leading almost from the start
beat William Pinkerton out a length and
a half at the wire. Imp. Santa Bella was
third.
The best the 2% to 1 favorite, Perseus,
could do in the mile and a sixteenth run
with nine starters was to finish third. The
second choice, Belle Boyd, took the lead
after passing the stand and was not after
headed, leading the 20 to 1 chance. Jack
Kichelien, out at the finishing post by a
length. Perseus was a poor third.
A seven-furlong tour furnisned another
opportunity for E. Corrigan'B fine mare,
Olive, to annex a purse. Going to the post
a 3 to 2 choice, she had shaken Miss Brum
mel off by the time the stretch was reached,
and ridden out disposed of the poorly rid
den Chartreuse II by half a length.
TBACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Thousands of ladies are expected to
honor Ingleside to-day with their presence.
It is "laities day"' as well as the closing
day of the two weeks' meeting and the man
agement has set forth especial pains in the
preparation of a grand programme. Prim
rose & West's big minstrel company will
attend in a body, and it promises to be a
gala occasion.
Jockey Macklin leaves for New Orleans
this evening. After staying tnere for a
few days at his home he will proceed north
to ride the crack Libertine in nis stake
engagements.
The popular owner and trainer, Mat
Storn, came very near springing a sur
prise in the opening race. Bohemian Lass,
a filly, by Flambeau, in Mai's string, was
allowed to run loose at odds of 150 to 1,
and startled the crowd by leading until a
sixteenth from the wire, where she tired,
but finished a good third. Show odds of
20 to 1 were laid against her.
If Chief Crowley will delegate an officer
he will find that tne poolrooms are again
operating in open defiance of the law,
under the old guise of doing a commission
business. Odds are laid in some instances
reilinulonsly higher tnan laid at the track,
with an object no doubt of keeping players
dpwntown. Results are also given at the
conclusion of each race.
On Hay 8 George Miller won a race at
Ingleside, starting at odds of 6 to 5, while
in one downtown room 2 to 1 was posted
against him. This shows conclusively
that the gamblers are at their old game,
and as it is an open violation of the decis
ion handed down by Judge Wallace there
is no excuse for them being allowed to re
main open. The police have never put
forth very strenuous efforts to effectually
close these dens.
Captain James H. Rees, who has offi
ciated in the judges' stand as presiding
judge since the opening of the inaugural
meeting at Ingleside track, will leave for
Cincinnati to-night, where ne will till the
same position at the Oakley meeting.
On his arrival in California last Novem
ber, Captain Kecs was an enure stranger
to the major portion of the local race-eoing
public, but through his courteous and
kind treatment of all, coupled with rulings
that were as impartial as they were just,
his friends are now legion, and the genial
Southern turfman can rest assured that he
occupies a warm place in the hearts of all
admirers of clean and honest sport in this
State, and a hearty welcome will await
him on his return to California next fall.
SPORTS AND ATHLETICS.
Oakland Bench Show and the
Officers Who Will Be in ,
Charge.
Annual Meeting of the Pacific Ath
letic Association — San Francisco
Turn Verein.
The Alameda County Sportsmen's As
sociation is making extensive prepara
tions for its second annual bench show,
which will be held in the Mills Taber
nacle, Oakland, commencing on the 20th
inst. The members of the club are jubi
lant because of the large number of dogs
that have been entered.
Many of the prize-winners at the Pacific
Kennel Club's show will appear before
Judge J. Otis Fellows, whose opinion of
dogs and their quality is somewhat at
variance with Judge Mortimer's.
The officers of the club are: F. E. Mil
ler, president; Clarence Crowell, vice*
president; H. Newton, financial secretary;
F. Boell, recording secretary; Charles
Burgans, treasurer. The bench show com
mittee is composed of W. L. Prather Jr.,
J. Q. Barker, G. B. M. Gray, A. H. Blow
and H. Newton. Considerable interest is
being manifested by sportsmen in this
show, and especially in the judging of fox
terriers, St. Bernards, pointers and setters.
The Alameda Sportsmen's Club will
meet at Alameda I'oint Saturday for a
clay-pigeon shoot, and the gun club will
also meet at tbe same grounds. In future
all trains will stop to accommodate sports
men who desire to get oft at stations near
the shooting grounds. On Sunday next
the Olympic Gun Club will visit Stockton
and be present at a meeting ot the board
of governors of the California Inanimate
Target Asiociation, which will convene in
Stockton Sunday evening. Business of
particular importance to clubs interested
in clay shooting will be transacted at this
meeting.
Next Sunday afternoon the Lincoln Gun
Club will smash clay targets at Alameda
Point. On the afternoon of the 24th inst.
the Empire Gun Club will hold its monthly
shoot at Alameda Point, and on the same
day the Interstate Club's team shoot will
be decided at the Lincoln Club's grounds.
The event of the season, that is so far as
inanimate target shooting is concerned,
will be held at Stockton commencing on
the 30th inst. and ending on the 31st. The
president of tbe Inanimate Target Associa
tion counts on thirty clubs beinir present
to compete for prizes and glory.
The annual meeting of the Pacific
Atnletic Association of the Amateur
Athletic Union will beheld in the Reliance
Club of Oakland on Friday evening. It is
expected that sixty-six delegates repre
senting athletic clubs in various counties
of the State will be present.
An election of officers for tne ensuing
year will take place at this meeting. The
reports ol the committees appointed some
months a?o to investigate the records of
clubs and individuals with a view of mak
ing recommendations for tbe suspension
or dismissal of those who have been trans
■ _^^^ .\._ ;^ : HEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. .
LnUiijij Wluijlij!
-A-
SPECIAL PURCHASE.
We have just uncased and to-day place on sale a
great special purchase of Ladies' Waists, comprising all
the NEWEST AND MOST FASHIONABLE SHAPES
AND MATERIALS for spring and summer wear, which,
OWING TO THE BACKWARD SEASON, a leading
manufacturer closed out to us AT A HEAVY DISCOUNT
FROM COST OF PRODUCTION, thus enabling us to
offer them at the following
Under" Value Prices?
-A-t SO Cents.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped and figured percale, laundried collar and
cuffs, regular price 75c, will be offered at 50c.
■A-t 75 Cents.
LADIES'. SHIRT WAISTS, of figured and striped percale, latest style collar and
sleeves, regular price $1, will be offered at 75c. j
j£\."t &L.OO.
LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS, plain and figured material, detachable collars, latest
style, regular price $1 25, will be offered at $1.
-A.t $1.23.
LADIES' SHIRT . WAISTS, latest Persian patterns, detachable collars, Bishop
sleeves, regular price $1 50, will be offered at $1 25.
v . -A.t 61.50.
LADIES' WAISTS, of fancy striped and figured dimities, perfect fit, regular price
$1 75, will be offered at $1 50.
-A.* 52.00. i-
LADIES', WAISTS, made of grass cloth linen, detachable collar, plain or figured ma-
terial, regular price $2 50, will be offered at $2.  .
• -■>'■■■ -A.t $2.25. • ; -
LADIES' PERSIAN DIMITY WAISTS, very stylish, white collar, latest style sleeves,
regular price $2 75, will be offered at $2 25.
£ BfMSi&r MURPHY ETJILDINa, /
greisors of the rules will form the princi
pal topic of interest.
The National Club will give its next
"boxing nignt" in the Pavilion in June.
Tbe programme arranged by the managers |
reads:
Tom Pharkey and Jim Williams of Utah, ten j
rounds; Billy Gallagher of Los Augek's ami ■
I Danny Needham of. Minneapolis, ten round.-;
I Billy Smith and P. Kerrigan will wind up tne I
evening's entertainment with a six-round go
as-you-please contest, which "in point of clev- •
erness" will be equal to the Van BusJtirk and
Soldier Walker set-to.
The School of Pbvsical Culture of the
San Francisco Turn Verein is one of the
few places in this City where children can j
receive a thorough physical education, i
Robert Barth, the instructor, takes special I
pleasure in teaching his wards the proper i
method of exercise which is of such great
value to children. A visit to the gymna
sium during the regular class hours will
give the spectator a clear idea of tbe value '
of a systematic course of gymnastic in- '
Btruction, and visitors are welcome at all '
times. No modern pedagogue, no think- j
ing person, nowadays disputes the neces- :
sity of a harmonious development of I
body and mind. Physical as well as men- j
tal education is the aim of all those truly i
interested in the rearing; of our youth.
The School of Physical Culture of the
San Francisco Turn Verein, the oldest in
California, has at present a membership of ,
nearly 300 pupils, which is steadily in- ',
creasing. Tbe gymnasium is well equipped '■
and the hygienic conditions are the very
best. The exercises are conducted under
Ike able leadership of Robert Barth, the ;
well-known instructor of gymnastics at
the public schools of th : s City.
ONE PARK FOR ANOTHER
The Mission Improvement Union
Would Sell Buena Vista
Park.
A Pleasure Place Is Needed in the
Mission — Boulevard of Dolores
Street.
Encouraged by the success of what has
been undertaken by the Mission Improve
ment Club in securing a High School and
the turning into a grand boulevard the
heretofore neglected Folsom street, the
club will, if it be possible, secure a public
parK on the site of the abandoned
cemeteries.
To make this an assured success steps
will be taken when the Legislature con
venes next January to have a bill passed
which will authorize the Supervisors to
sell Buena Vista Park, bounded by Haight,
Henry, Broderick and Lott streets, which
is within a few blocks of the Golden Gate
Park.
The argument advanced by the advo
cates of this measure will be that there is
really no necessity for a public park in
that section and that tbe property should
be sold and the proceeds applied to the
purchase of tbe Mission land.
They claim that at tlie time Buena Vista
Park was laid out on the official map
Golden Gate Park was not dreamed of, but
since that time the condition of things
have changed and now it would be a waste
of public money to place the ground in
proper condition for a public resort, and
even after tbe expenditure of all this
money Buena Vista Park would not be
used or appreciated by tbe people for
whose benefit it was originally intended.
One of the strange features connected
with the early grants of land for parks was
that the official eye looked directly west
from the City Front, and the Mission, the
first location inhabited, had been com
pletely overlooked, and no provisions were
made for parks in this district.
Next in importance comes the question
of making Dolores street, a boulevard and
to this end a petition to the Supervisors
has been widely circulated for signatures
and will be presented at the next meeting
of the board.
| 22 Geary St., Near Keapny.
I A CHOICE
I COLLECTION!
I Fancy Weaves— 7sc per Yard
I Fancy Weaves — per Yard
I Fancy Weaves— per Yard
j Fancy Weaves— per Yard
1 Fancy Weaves— sl.7s per Yard
] Fancy Weaves— s2.oo per Yard
j Fancy Weaves— per Yard
I Fancy Weaves— s3.oo per Yard
I Fancy Weaves— per Yard
ij The largest collections and of the
|j most recent styles.
S SAMPLES FORWARDER.
m . GOODS KENT C O. D.
j R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY.
A^OOP
(iICArGH
t" -Jt you get in tm\e.
Ti/BSPAY
€ WEPNESPAY,
THVRSPAY
I We WILL SCLL-— _ i
L a 25c^J%%10d
o SOc.PVFfS^Sc
l 75 t **l2-°pi fl ?0?35c
j\lMest Shapes. &
7& Shades in our
*<*" DISPLAY IN WINDOW
818-820 MARKET ST
dfIUDISEASES
ABSOLUTELY CITCE3. OINTMENT
*M ilmpl* application of "Bw*Ta*« Onnin - vitho*
I may Interval medicin*, will cure an* mm or Tatter. Salt
Bhc urn. Ringworm, Pitea.lteh, Soroa, Pimplev. Krrcip«la«,Afe
BO miner bow obstinate or tang «aDiiin«. B*M I>t Intm
or MBt bj mail for 50 ets. 3 Bozn, f I.S AddreM, Div
Bt*t» 4 So, rtii*d«if a», f »» Art r*« in&ei ta &•
910
TO TAX THE BOYS
AN X A YEAR
Regents of the University
Talk of Imposing Such
Charge.
MORE MONEY IS NEEDED
Governor Budd Says the Tax on
Berkeley Boys Will Raise
a Howl.
AFFILIATED COLLEGES SITE.
Mayor Sutro Extends the Time for
Beginning Work — The Extension
Accepted.
The Board of Regents of the State Uni
versity held an interesting session yester
day afternoon at the Mark Hopkins Insti
tute of Art. A proposition to tax each
student of the university |10 a year to keep
up the high pressure of education met
with determined resistance and was de
ferred. Mayor Sutro's extension of time
on his deed of land for the Affiliated Col
leges was considered and practically ac
cepted.
The regents attending the session were
Governor Budd (presiding), Hallidie, Mil
ler, Denicke, Martin, Houghton, Wallace,
Kellogg, Black, Reinstein, Slack, Chase,
Rodgers, Phelps and Marye. Secretary
Bonte and Attorney Mhoon also attended
the session.
Judge Wallace, in discussing the ap
proval of minutes of a previous session, ex
plained that according to the law of 1868
creating the university, and also in the
constitution of 1879, the regents were not
bound to observe laws of tlie Legislature
relative to the construction of public build
ings.
Governor Budd and Judge Wallace ex
changed views on this subject, and the
regents finally decided to refer the ques
tion to Attorney -General Fitzgerald.
On motion of President Kellogg it was
decided that cadet uniforms should be
procured in the same manner that other
articles for the university are obtained.
Professor Le Conte was granted a leave
of absence without loss of pay from
August 10, ISV6, to January 10, 1897.
Trie regents acknowledged by resolution
the receipt of valuable books for the de
partment of jurisprudence. The books
were donated by the Bancroft- Whitney
Company and several graduates of the
university.
Secretary Bonte read the report of the
finance committee. A recommendation
was contained in the report that an inci
dental tax of $10 per term should be
charged to students. The committee
could not submit the budget until that
proposition was settled.
George T. Marye, from the committee on
internal administration, presented a sup
plemental report. T;;e position is taken
that some provision for increased revenue
must be made.
Governor Budd — How much will this tax
increase the revenue?
Regent Marye — About $16,000 per an
num.
Governor Budd — Is there no way of cur
tailing expenses to save this amount? I
think the putting of a tax on students wiil
have a bad effect on the public at large.
Regent Marye proceeded with the read
ing of his supplemental report setting
forth that the tax was absolutely neces
sary, as an increase of the revenue was de
manded. Lignt was needed for the
grounds and it was necessary to keep the
library open in the evenings. There were
many incidental expenses to be met.
Salaries could not be reduced without
danger of losing the Dest men in the ser
vice of the university.
Governor Budd — It does seem to me
that a university with $300,000 a year to
expend ought to be able to get along with
out putting a $10 tax on students. It
seems a shame to levy a tax of that kind
after the public support which has been
given to the institution for so many years.
In the course of the discussion the Gov
ernor mentioned that the valuation of
State property for 1895 waa $1,133,282,980.
The indications were that the valuation
this year would be less, and that another
high tax levy would follow. It seemed to
him that tbe regents should better appeal
to the Legislature for $16,000 extra than
to levy a tax on tne students. It will
hurt us abroad and drive students to Stan
ford if we make the boys and girls at
Berkeley go down in their pockets to pay
this tax.
Judge Wallace said he would be sorry to
see a tax of any sort placed on a boy going
to the university to get something* wliich
tbe State had provided for.
General Houghton said the tax was not
excessive and did not indicate extrava
eance. Necessity compels tne regents to
raise more money than has beeen pro
vided.
Arthur Rodgers advised postponement
of the subject. He believed that the Gov
ernor's suggestion to ask the Legislature
for more money should be adopted. The
knowledge that students are numerous
would greatly influence tbe Legislature.
Regent Hallidie presented objections to
delay. He said: "Tue budget cannot be
delayed. I can see no other way out of
the difficulty than the incidental charge.
If we have 800 stuients we will get
$16,000."
Governor Budd— lf you put the tax on
students you will raise the* biggest bowl
ever beard in California.
General Houghton— That's what we want
to raise. The needs of the university will
then be understood.
Governor Budd— You will hear rrom the
San Joaquin Valley if students of the
university are taxed. The diflicuity of
getting future appropriations from the
State will be increased.
Regent Reinstein, who is strong on
special meetings and broad discussions,
wanted the whole subject of finance de
ferred for special consideration in a broad
way.
Other regents, who fancied that the dis
cussion had already acquired sufficient
breadth and length, were willing that the
matter should go to a committee on ways
and means.
Judge Wallace insisted that a commit
tee on ways and means should be ap
pointed, and when the motion prevailed
Governor Budd— moved, perhaps, by an
impulse to reward Reinstein for modesty
made that young regent chairman of the
important committee. Regents Rodgers
and Black were named as members of the
committee.
At the conclusion of the finance com
mittee report Judge Wallace announced
that a letter from Mayor Sutro was in his
possession The closest attention was paid
to toe reading of the following document:
Ban- Franciso), May 2, 1896
To the Regents of the Stale University: In the
deed for the Affiliated College Bite executed by
me to the regents of the University of Califor
nia dated October 8, 1895, and recorded in the
Keccrder's office of the City aud County of San
Francisco on the same day. was attached the
condition that work on the colleee buildings
mnst be commenced within six months, and to
the extent of the appropriation therefor, com
pleted within five years trom the date of the
deed. That condition has not yet been com
plied with inasmuch as the work on the build
ing has not been commenced although the six
months from the date of my deed to you have
elapsed.
Thia breach in one of the conditions of the
deed results in the reversion to me ol the tiUe
to the site unless I grant an extension of time
within which you were required by the deed
to commence work.
You have requested that the time provided
in the deed for the commencement of the
work be extended six months. This extension
of six months additional to that set out in the
deed I hereby grant you.
Should you fail to' commence work within
the mx months additional, that is on or before
tne Bth^>f October, 1896, then it is understood
that tlie title to the property reverts to me.
All the other terms, conditions and covenants
of the deed heretofore made are continued in
full force as thereto made. Respectfully.
ADOLPH SUTRO.
Regent Rodgers moved that the instru
ment submitted by Mr. Sutro be accepted
and placed on record.
Governor Budd— lt should have been
made as an acknowledged instrument.
Judge Wallace — It is a waiver in writing.
Mr. Rodgers spoke highly of Mayor
Sutro's generosity.
Regent Albert Miller appreciated Mayor
Sutro's intentions and had no Joubt they
would be carried out if the donor lived,
but in the event of Sutro's death many
complications with his heirs might ensue.
General Houghton commended Mr.
Sutro's generosity.
Governor Budd — I recognize Mayor
Sutro's donation as a very generous gift,
and ordinarily I would not look a gift
horse in the mouth. Now, gentlemen, is
not Mayor Sutro as much benefited as we
are by that gift? I went over that mag
nificent site— l acknowledge that it is a
superb site — with Mayor Sutro. fie was
anxious to have this State building, cost
ing $250,000, erected on this site, adjacent
to other land which he owns. It was a
matter of mutual benefit, and l should
have voted for the site independent of his
liberal offer. When the matter was about
to come before this board I was sick and
absent, yet so anxious was he for the adop
tion of the site that a tug was tendered to
bring me to San Francisco.
The" Governor referred to Mayor Sutro's
attacks on himself and other regents, in
which it was charged that the orders of
the octopus influenced the board. The
Governor suggested that all of the offers
made by Mayor Sutro should be carried
out. As Governor of the State he \vould
guarantee that the Legislature would pass
an act maintaining the Sutro library free
of taxes if the Mayor would deed it to the
State as he had promised. If Mayor Sutro
is willing to enter into any agreement
placing the Sutro library in possession of
the State or City let him place that agree
ment in our possession.
Judge Wallace said if the proposition
which the Governor made could be carried
out the last objection of Mr. Sutro would
be removed. In twenty-lour hours he
would deed the library site were he satis
fied on the subject of taxes.
Regent Phelps said he voted to accept
this land because he believed it was the
best site obtainable.
"I shall vote now to accept it. I do not
think any regent." said Mr. Hallidie,
"was influenced in the acceptance by the
offer of the library site. We have pro
ceeded unfortunately with Mr. Sutro. He
seems to have been nettled at our course.
If our attorney and law committee now as
sure us that there can be no question of
title we should accept the gift. It is a mag
nificent donation."
Judge Slack suggested some amend
ments to Mr. Rodgers' resolution accept
ing Mr. Sutro s suggestion.
Other suggestions were made and it
seemed to be the purpose of tbe board to
attach many conditions and letters to the
Sutro letter and put them all on record.
Governor Budd insisted that if the re
gents could accept a site, agreeing to put
up buildings, they could also accept land
on agreement to pay taxes.
Judge Wallace, with some animation
and lucidity, said: "This Sutro letter
does not require any acceptance or any
thing of the sort. It is a plain waiver, and
we have the title now as clear as ever. We
may embarrass ourselves oy putting in
conditions of acceptance. I^et us simply
record the facts in our minutes. That is
sufficient."
The question was then referred to Attor
ney Mhoon, and to-day perhaps the rec
ord for tho minutes will be prepared. The
letter may also be recorded.
Plans for the affiliated colleges buildings
will be sent to Sacramento at once for sub
mission to the Governor, Secretary of
State and Treasurer.
Regent Phelps, President Kellogg and
Governor Budd were authorized to prepare
a list of standing committees for the en
suing year.
Next Tuesday the Wilmerding school
site will be taken up again. The secretary
was directed to invite William Alvord,
Thomas J. Lamb, Herman Schussler and
E. A. Fargo to attend the session next
Tuesday.
FOUR MEN'S BRUTALITY.
Revolting Story of Crime Told
by Three Young
Girls.
A Colored Man Arrested and War.
rants Out for the Arrest of
Three Sailors.
A colored man known as "Black Dia
mond," who lives with a white woman on
Sherwood place, is in the tanks at the City
Prison and warrants have been issued for
the arrest of three sailors belonging to the
United States gunboat Bennington.
The crime for which the four men will
be tried bears a strong resemblance to that
involved in the North Beach scandals that
roused so much public indignation against
Captain Lane and other old men several
months ago.
Annie Doherty, 16 years of age, living at
14 Sherwood place; Katie Langshaw, 15
years of age. 23 Sherwood place, and An
nie Otis, 14 years of age, living at 63 Ship
ley street, are tbe victims of the four men.
According to the story told by the girls
to Policeman Ryan they were playing on
the sidewalk near "Black Diamond's"
bouse Sunday afternoon when he called to
them to come inside. The Langshaw girl
had done housework for him, so they had
no hesitation in going in Jo the house.
They were taken to a room upstairs where
the three sailors were drinking. The girls
were kept there for several hours and
criminally assaulted by the four men.
"Black Diamond" threatened them with
all sorts of punishment if they related
their experience. The girls told their
parents, who notified the police, and
Ryan arrested the colored man.
District Attorney Barnes was consulted
as to the proper course to pursue regard
ing the three sailors, and he communi
cated with the commandant of the navy
yard. No objection will be made to sur
rendering the three men aa soon as tney
can be identified.
The three g.rls were examined yesterday
morning at the Receiving Hospital by Dr.
Stice, and are now in the care of Matron
Giimore at the City Prison.
A few weeks ago the white woman who
lives with "Black Diamond" as his wife
attempted to commit suicide by swallow
ing poison. When discovered she had
one of his photographs clutched in her
right hand and left a letter that it should
be buried with her if she died.
The -Black Diamond's" name is F. H.
Wath. The police give bira the reputation
of being a vicious character.
Died From Ileart Disease.
James Sheeny, a street-sweeper living at 446
Brannan street, dropped dead on the corner of
Third und Braunan streets yesterday morning
His death was due to heart disease. The body
wns removed to the Morgue where an autopny
will be held to-day. '
mm*
Dlßcdonaugh'i Kstate.
The estate of Joseph Macdonough has been
ordered distributed to John O. Agar and Agnes
Agar, as trustees for the heirs. The estate is
valued at $ 1,400,000. Freeman & Bate* who
| handled the estate, were allowed Siu 500
[ counsel fee*. *>i-,«wv
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
IN THE NOONDAY
OF OUR LIBERTY
Father Yorke Thinks Amer
icans Have Arrived
There.
A POWERFUL LECTURE.
The Speaker Scores Secret So
cieties as a Menace to
the Public.
MUCH ENTHUSIASM IS SHOWN.
Rabbi Levy and James H. Barry Make
Brief Addresses to the Vast
Concourse.
At 7:45 o'clock yesterday evening the
ticket office at the Metropolitan Temple
was closed. The hall was already crowded
to suffocation, and the committee on ar
rangements decided that it would be
wrong to sell tickets to people who could
make no use of them.
The ladies of the American Woman's
Liberal League were in high feather. The
Very Rev. Peter C. Yorke, Chancellor of
the archdiocese, was to deliver the last ot
his course of lectures on civil and religious
liberty, and tbe occasion gave ample ex
cuse, to their way of thinking, for the fts
tal aspect of the temple's interior.
The stage was banked with calla lilies,
which also festooned the pipes of the great
organ and garlanded the speaker's desk.
The National colors floated everywhere
and an air of enthusiastic patriotism per
vaded the vast assemblage. Rabbi M. S.
Levy of Congregation Beth Israel pre
sided.
The programme opened with the sing
ing of Pinsuti's beautiful tenor solo, "But
I Was Dreaming," given with charming
expression by J" F. O'Brien, with piano
accompaniment by M iss Mary F. Giorgiani,
organist of tbe old cathedral.
Miss Alice Condon followed in a humor
ous recitation by way of a presentation
speech to the Rev. Father Yorke, to whom
amid much applause she handed a gayly
decorated broom "to sweep the A. P. A.'s
out of tbe way with."
The next number was a romanza by
Bellenghi, whicb was admirably rendered
by Mme. Angelini Casati.
The Rev. Dr. Levy made a very brief ad
dress, in the course of which he alluded to
the unique spectacle of Rabbi and Cath
olic priest side oy side in a public hall. In
burning words he called upon all patriotic
Americans to do their bust to break down
any barriers which ignorance, bigotry and
prejudice may have raised between Ameri
can citizens.
He said he could see no reason for a
broom being presented to Father Yorke.
since that gentleman bad made so clean a
sweep of his adversaries already without
the aid of a broom.
"I am very sorry to differ with the good
rabbi," said Father Yorke, when he had
been introduced; "but when it comes to a
'clean sweep' I have to take an exception.
Not all the brooms on earth could sweep
some of our adversaries clean.
"But another thing ought to be men
tioned. The first clerical condemnation of
the A. P. A. in this City came from the
Jewish pulpits. How fitting it is, then,
that a rabbi should meet with us here to
night!''
Father Yorke then commenced his lec
ture. After reviewing the ground covered
by the first four lectures of the course he
spoke in part as follows:
"We have seen tue glimmerings of the
dawn, the entrance of the light and the
beginning of tbe day of liberty, and now
we stand in the full, glorious noontide of
freedom. Those of us who are Cat Holies
imagine that we have a right to enjoy this
state of affairs. We further claim the" right
to stand on a level with all our fellow-citi
zens, asking for no favors, and also asking
that no unjust discrimination beexercised
against us. But this is just what certain
self-styled patriots object to. They would
have us thrust down and away, as though
we were something unmentionably vile.
"We hear it said that the American
Catholics are all right, but that there aro
Catholics and Catholics. The Pope, the
Ultramontane, the Jesuit — particularly
the disguised Jesuit — and above all the
dreadful hierarchy, unite to form a bogie
man so horrible as to strike terror to the
stoutest neart.
"What, now, is the attitude of Catholic
theology and philosophy regarding those
who follow other forms of religious be
lief? In the firet place, the Catholic's
religious views are beliefs, not opinions.
And so sure are we that we have the truth
we contend that there can be no question
of error in the church's teaching; or, in
other words, that the Catholic church is
infallible in matters of faith and morals.
Now, since this is the belief of Catholics,
we would be very disingenuous if we said
one church was as good as any other.
"Another point 1 wish to make is that
man has no right to array himself against
the truth, when that truth has once been
made known to him. Above ali things
stands principle. The man who will go
back on his principles and espouse evil
knowingly is, to Americans, a thing ac
cursed.
"This American idea i? only the Catho
lic doctrine that man must be true to him
self and to his God. Adherence to prin
ciple—that is the cornerstone of Catholic
truth, as it is also of true American citi
zenship.
"Yet how dreadful are the misrepresen
tations of Catholic truths heard on every
side. Particularly in the matter of salva
tion are these misrepresentations most
grewsome.
"Let it be once and for all understood
that the Catholic church teaches that
God'.T judgment* are proportioned to the
lights and graces which each individual
soul may have received. Even St. Thomas
Aquinas, who has been quoted on this
platform as the greatest of all connoisseurs
of fricasseed heretic, sustains this teaching
and proves that any other view would call
in question the justice of God.
"It is a crime In the eyes ot the church,
not sanctioned by any theologian, how
ever bloodthirsty, for a Catholic to believe
that any soul is in eternal torments. The
church keeps to the charitable view ex
pressed in the old saw :
Bel ween tbe saddle and the ground,
Mercy sought and mercy found.
'"The Catholic church believes in the un
covenanted mercies of God, which like the
genial showers of spring fall alike upon
the just and the unju-t.
"Now as to the slavery of the Catholic.
We are_ told that conscience cuts no figure
with him; that all he has to do is to obey
blindly, in order to be a first-class Catholic.
How foolish an assertion ! The Catholic
church does believe in an absolute sov
ereign over the souls of its members, and
that sovereign is conscience. Busenbaum,
an old theologian and a Jesuit to boot, says
that where a non-Catholic's conscience
does not urge him to enter the Catholic
church he cannot be held obliged to do so.
If from childhood he has been taugnt that
the Catholic church falsifies the word of
God and corrupts the souls of men the
same Busenbaum opines that such a one
could hardly address a Catholic on re
ligious matters with a safe conscience.
"As to the doctrine of the church in re
lation to religious toleration, it is laid
down in the constitution of the United
States. One may believe what he pleases,
butffreedom of "religious belief gives no
one ft right to molest others. It does not
give me the right to stand here and abuse
the religions Dractices of my Jewish friend,
nor to ridicule the baptism of the Baptists
or the camp-meetings of the Methodists.
"Yet we have heard ministers call our
ancient church the 'mother of harlots';
we have heard Catholic bodies stigmatized
as being lower than the women of the
town; we have heard God's ministering
angels, the Sisters of Charity, called every
thing unutterable and vile. Yet, if some
Catholic loses patience and tries to defend
the honor of his mother and his sisters,
then the cry of religous intolerance is
raised and the Catholics are called 'enemies
of free speech."
"One more question needs answer, and
that is: What is the relation between the
Catholic Church and politics? The moral
law— the law of honor, truth and justice
binds in political life, as it does in the life
of the soul. Beyond this we look for noth
ing. We believe that religion and politics
are both good in their respective places,
but we do not believe in mixing the two,
since the mixture is seldom a happy one.
A priest in politics makes a bad mess of
his religion, as a rule, and a worse mess of
his politics.
"Let the San Francisco clergy be judged
by their record. For half a century we
have had priests and bishops in this
Catholic City of St. Francis and never have
we heard of clerical interference in our
politics. But if we look toward the dis
senting preachers what a whirlpool of po
litical intrigue we are forced to contem
plate! And these ministers have charge
of cultured congregations! Let us pay
our respects to them. Their history dur
ing the past two years teems witli infamy.
•'But, "thank God, the Protestant preach
ers do not represent Protestants. Tie
Protestant people have more than on re
risen in their might and thrust forth irom
their churches teachers who were unworthy
to in the pulpit. The Protestants ol
this City are as anxious as the Catholics
for peace and concord. Protestants have
rebuked sowers of discord more than once.
"1 have tried in my own way to give
J. Sterling Morton. Claim-Holder. Pioneer Editor and Secretary of the United
States Department of Agriculture.
\Sketched from life by a "Call" staff artist.]
you an idea of the 'inner teaching' of the
Catholic church as to liberty of conscience.
We are devoted friends of American lib
erty and as faithful defenders of Ameri
can institutions as any. A Catholic who
is a bad citizen, and at the same time
claims to be a Catholic, that ma«i is a liar
and the truth is not in him. His grace,
the Archbishop, summed up the Catholic
view very neatly when he said : 'If a man
came to me and asked me to vote for him
because he was a Catholic I would feel it
my duty to vote against him.'
"God will not fail this country and this
flag. America is too great a land to he
dominated by any secret society of aliens
and cowards. "The God of justice and
mercy will save us from falling victims to
this latest and foulest emanation from the
deepest pit of hell."
Rabbi Levy and J. H. Barry of the Star
made a few remarks in keeping with the
train of thought suggested by the lecturer,,
both being cordially applauded.
FOOLISH BEATRICE WEISE.
Accn««« a Boeni Spanish Nobleman of
Stealing Her Jewelry!
Louis Weiser met Beatrice Weise of 37
O Farrell street at the recent Hungarian
ball. He told her he was a Spanish noble
man and his wealth was almost un
bounded. She was fascinated by the dash
ing nobleman and invited him to call
upon her. He did so, and on Monday,
while with him, she had occasion to do
some business, and gave him the keys of
her room.
She did not see him again, and yester
day morning she discovered that all her
jewelry was missing. It consisted of a
diamond locket, diamond pin, amethyst
ring and turquoise locket.
She hurried to Judge Joachimsen's court
and swore to a complaint charging Weiser
with grand larceny. The police found
that Weiser was employed by Rosenblum
& Abrams, Seventh and Market streets,
and that he had in all probability left tbe
City, as he had not been seen since Mon
day.
Garber Contlnu** Hla Argument.
Judge Qarber continued his argument in the
railway intervention suit before Judge Mo
Kenna yesterday. The able attorney contented
himself with reviewing his speech of Friday
last, citing numerous authorities In support of
the position then assumed. It is not probable,
that the railroad advocate will conclude hia
argument before the end of the present week.
I Bnnyadl Jdnos \
d£2 Tim ■■■■■. " )A
*n ■*■■"•" Prof. Dr. C.Marocco, of tlie University of Rome, writes: *-
4? World's « A Safeguard of Health ■"».
4^ JDeS "t Free from any disagreeable or irritating effect." c^
*^ Natural CAUTION: None genuine without the &*
%i A-,^^^^4. — r— — — -— ; signature of the firm or
J^WaSr "Andreas Saxleliner" »
Jj water onthelabel *
WANTS NO FALSE PRICES
Why Secretary Morton Says He
Opposes Protection and
Silver.
CAN'T TELL ABOUT CLEVELAND
The Secretary's Story of His Life as
a Claim-Holder and Editor
Among Indians.
Secretary J. Sterling Morton of the De
partment of Agriculture, Washington, D.
I C, arrived here yesterday and is at the
He is, or was, a Nebraska farmer and
his farm is in Otto County and juts up to
Nebraska City. He settled on a claim
there in 1555, or forty-one years ago, and
has remained there ever since. Then there
was no railroad within 300 miles, and
bands of Indians were constantly in sight.
The Secretary is a man of medium
height, with blue eyes, gray hair and a
pray mustache. His head is big and his
! forehead high, giving the impression that
! he is an independent thinker, and this the
Secretary in his first few sentences seemed
i to verify.
Secretary Morton was one of the original
j founders of Nebraska City, a town now of
i between 11.000 and 12,000 people, and he is
j the only one of the town company now
living. He says that one of the striking
thincs of his frontier experience is the
recollection that Charles Dudley Warner
was the flagman of the first surveying
party that ever came through there.
Mr. Morton has been a newspaper man
as well as a farmer. He was one of the
owners of the Nebraska City News, the
oldest paper in Nebraska, and ran it for
many years. His first devil, as he told
yesterday, was John W. Freeman, now of
Woodland, who owns a large ranch
there and is widely known. Sam Davis of
the Carson Appeal was also for a time a
reporter on the News.
Secretary Morton has many interesting
reminiscences of those days and told stories
regarding all the people to which allusion
has been made.
He also talked of tbe tariff, silver, the
possibility of Cleveland running again,
and gave out his object in coming West,
"I had never been farther west, before
than Salt Lake, 1 ' he said, "nor farther
south than Doming. I had a curiosity to
see California. 1 came as the guest of my
son, Paul Morton, who is third vice-presi
dent and general traffic manager of the
Santa Fe Railroad. Of course, I want to
see what I can of the agricultural and
horticultural interests. I have been greatly
impressed with tbe agricultural resources.
"I think the prospects are good in tbe
United States for the 1896 crop. Winter
wheat may be a little short, but spring
wheat promises well. I suppose that agri
culture will fully maintain its former posi
tion. An average of more than 70 per
cent of the entire exports for the last five
years has come from the farm.
"As to whether Mr. Cleveland will run
fora third term or not I can't tell. I
don't think he has any desire for it. I
think the Democratic National Conven
tion will indorse Mr. Cleveland's financial
policy with the repealing by Congress of
the Sherman act compelling the pur
chase of $3,000,000 to $4,000,000 a month of
silver for free coinage.
"That ought to be indorsed. The Gov
ernment can't create values any more
in that can create souls. As an instance
of that, recall how worthless was the
Confederate paper-money at the close
the war, whereas, when the Confederacy
NEW TO-DAT.
stole the dies from the mint at New
Orleans ond from one in Georgia and
made gold coins, though they were ac
cordine to law counterfeit, they were
good, and are good in the circulation of
the country to this day.
"I oppose the coinage of silver on the
basis of 16 to 1, because it would put an
artificial price on silver. The Democratic
party can't straddle. It must either be for
sound money or silver. For the same rea
son that I oppose silver on an artificial
basis I oppose protection. I oppose pro
tection because it puts an artificial price
on things I want to buy."
Secretary Morton, shortly after arriving
in town made an inspection of the State
Board of Trade's exhibit at 16 Post street.
He spent over an hour examining the va
rious products of the State ana, although
he inspected the California exhibit at At
lanta last year, be expressed great surprise
that the resources of California were so
extensive.
Secretary Morton was particularly at
tracted by the splendid exhibit that has
just arrived from Kern County. This col
lection was made by W. S. Tevis, and by
him presented to Kern County.
It comprises all of the cereals, garden
and orchard products and minerals and
precious ores, all of a superior quality. In
the collection is a section of a castor-bean
shrub over 12 inches in diameter, a desert
cactus 12 feet high, from which a fine
quality of paper is made, and a California
eagle that measures 7 feet 4 inches from
tip to tip.
To-morrow the State Board of Trade
will hold its formal opening. Secretary
Morton and Governor Budd will be pres
ent and address the assembly. At noon
the guests will be invited to partake of a
repast of California products.
Secretary Morton is accompanied on his
trip by a large party, including several
relatives. He will be in the City and
vicinity about a week. At 1 o'clock this
afternoon he and his friends will go
aboard a steamer at the foot of Mission
street and be taken on a cruise of the bay.
A large party of Federal officials will go
TO.DAT.
Rnth I iniltri anrl Pnwdpr In every package a bottle of liquid Sozodont fuse
DO n L.li|UIU anU rUWUCr. daily), a box of fine Sozodont powder (use twice
■ week). No otber dentifrice so complete, so safe, so certain to give the best results.
A sample ot liquid Sozodont by mail, provided yon mention thisp üblication and send three cents
for postage. Address the Proprietors of Sozodont, Bail & Ruckel, Wholesale Druggists, JS'ew York
City.
RAILROAD TRAVEL. _
BIG REDUCTION Of RATES BY RAIL
HBWff-' ....t0....
PORTIiABTp, OR.
WEDNESDAY.. MAY 13,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
A P A A— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour-
V 0• U U ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, Including berth in 0 1 A.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper. «ID±U
SPECIAL NOTICE. .
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at Intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or backtrace checked to such points.
f&~ Through Tickets for Puiret Sound
point* on Snle nt Kecluced Kntn*.
For further Information apply at
618 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
- . Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. • - Gen. Pass. Agt.
SOUTHERN PACIFIC CO3IPANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Tthlim ifKvc And 311*0 line to nrrlf c nt
SAN I'ltAXt'lNt'O.
leave — FnoM May 3. 1396. — Aitnmi
•O:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:43 a
7:»Oa Atlantic Express, Og.len and Kast.. S: 15p
7:00 a Benida, VacaTjlle, Ruic»:r. Sacra-
n-cnto, and Redding via Davis. . . . 8:45p
7:09 a Martinez, ban Katnon, Napa, Calis. ■ ■ ■
togaandSanta Rosa 6:13p
8:U»a Niles, Han Jose, Stockton, lone,
" Sacramento, Marysville, ltd! Bluff
aud Sundays eictpted 0r0vi110.... 4:15p
• 8: 3« A Peters ami Milton «7:15p
9:<m>a Los Anceles Express. Fresno. Santa
Barbara and l.o» Angeles 4:45 p
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:1.1 a
9:OOa Vallejo «:15p
l:OOp Niks, San Jose and Livern.ore A:43a
•1:00i> Secrimento Kiror Stenmrra •»:«0p
tl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f?:43r
4:OOp Martinez, San Kamon, Vallejo,
Kara. Calistoga, i:i Verano and
.Santa Uosa - «:ISa
. *:—t Bonida, Vacate, Woodland,
Kuiglits Landing, MarysTille,
Orovillo and Sacramento 19:45 a
4:3#p^i!e3, San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:lSp
,4:SOp Merced, Berenda. Riymond (for
Yosemite) and Fresno 11:42 a
9:9#r Now Orleans i:iproc3.Fre3iio,Bakers-
Dold, Santa Rarljiua, l.ns Angeles,
' Deming, El Paso, New Orleans and
East 1«:1!U
StOOp Santa Fe Route, Atlantio Express
for Mojavo and Host 10:13 a
Vallejo.... 11:45 a
6:0 Or European Mail, Ogdeu and Kast..., 9>43a
6:00p Hiiyunrilß, Kilcsaud San Jose 7:4Ra
J7:OOp Valltjo j7:45p
7iOAp Oregon Impress, Sannuiiento, Marys-
Title. Redding, Portland, I'uget
Sound and Kast 1 0:4. a
AST A < Itl Z IHVISIO.N (Narrow Uaugc;.
17743 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Pcnta Cruz *"
and Principal Way Stations JB:«sp
8:13 a Nowaik,CoiiterTille,.San Jose.Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz ami Way
Stations Ss3*p
•9:13p Newark, Centeirille, San Jose, Now
■ r Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations *1 1 :3» a
4:15r Newark, San Jose and Los Gatos.... 9:5>A
COAST DIVISION (Thlrtl X TuwHscud St*.~
•«:43.\ San Jose anil Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) •1«43p
17:! Ma. Sunday Excursion for San . Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacific GroTe, and
Principal Way Stations t«;3ir
■:13a San Jose. Tres Piuos, Santa Cruz,
Paciflo drove, Paso Roblos. San
Luis Ol)ispo, Guadalupe ami Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p
t9:47A PIUO Alto and Way Stations :45p
10: lOa San Joso nntl Way Stations ........ 8:OOr
11:33 a Palo Alto and Way Stations a:80p
*8:3 Or San Jose, UUroy, Tres Finos, Santa
. Crux, Salinas, Monterey ami Pacific
GrOTO .........; ♦I«:4»a
•3::iop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:47 a
•l:r;oi> San Joiaand Way Stations *8:00 a
3t3Op San .Tote and Way Stations "B:4f»A
0:30p San Jose and Way Stations 0:35 a
»11:43p San Jpyonnil Way 5tati0n5......... +7:l'»p
SAX LKA3DRO A.>» HA¥WAI{PS LOCAL.
<»6:OOa "I , ( 7:13 a
S:OOa • , t9:J.IA
iS.oSt Melr.«,S e mli»aryP.rk, ,Vmsa
*"!oop Fit«hbnrg,SMLe«idr« \*:\H
a? •*■■ • tag
™£ H . yw^. e.«gp
8-00 P >• i' K l^ " 8:43p
oloop i Runs through to Nile.. l o\*o p
tni;l3 P tFromNUes. I ttlg:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SaN FIUNCISCO— root of Hwket Street (Slip 8)—
♦'lioo 5 tSSS Sgg: {1:M * 2:00 » :M
from OAHiHD— Foot or Broad w»t.— »6-00 800
10:00 a.m. U2:00 •1:00 }8:00 *3:00 ±4:00
- *5:00 p.M. |v •_ ■
A for Morning. P or Afternoon.
•Sundays excepted. t Saturdaj-s only.
... -.'__ t Sundays only. . •.
tt Monday. Thursday at^l Saturday nights only.
K^iAiSniTBREDSS
WJT^'^t^rEFS* iSI tlonof a famous French physiclfin, will quickly cure you of all nrr-
IPS lii •.- vT vona the generative organs, such as Lost Mauhood,
£9 -- < s-J HBW C llinilll¥¥» ""VI **!!■■ *# Vital leer, the presenp-
Yr <•? frf mjf 35J (S tion or a famous French physician, will quickly cure yon of all nrr-
i \>\ Si/ V J&U Insomnia, Pains In the Back. Sen^naliimlilons, as Lost Mauhood,
S kJ&I \L *£*)] Insomnia, Pains In the Back, Seminal X missions, Nervons Debility,
Wi I W^L ■ <0W PimplesTUnfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
Hi NT. / V ■•■--/ Constipation. It stops a I losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
H " " > «O > »*/ ■ ' ness of discharge, which II not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
91 BEFORE AND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. rtTPinEWE cleanses UieUver, til*
H w_. wnt. «nD «r i kidneys and the urinary organs of all impurities.
"■" CVPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. :.
The reason Bufferer: are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proilall t In. OUPIDENE is the only known remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimony
als. A written srunrnntoe given and money returned If six boxes does not effect v permanent cura
fl.oo a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for fbee circular and testimonials. ■
Address DAVOIi MKDICINfi CO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. For sale by
. ... ' BROOKS'- PHAKMACY. 119 PoweU HLreafc
wi*h the Secretary and point out the
places of interest. ,
FOR WOMEN WHO WORK.
The Kducational and Industrial Union
Asks for Recognition.
The Women's Educational and Indus
trial Union, at its quarterly meeting lasfc
night, appointed the following committee,
which will nominate the members of the
nominating committee: Mme. Louise Fer
rier, Mrs Dr. Bashpt, Miss Harriet Cooper
Mrs. L. C. Fraser and Mrs. B. F. Doyle. '
The employment committee reported
that there were a large number of women
who were much in need of work in the
line of sewing, and the committee sug
gested that the public be made aware of
this fact, for by placing work in the hands
of these women great good might be done.
Besides seamstresses, the union has
many governesses, teachers and women to
do housework, who are desirous of procur
ing situations.
It was stated that no charity could be
worthier than this, since by giving these
deserving women work to do an infinite
deal of good would be done, for which the
labor of the recipients themselves would
abundantly compensate.
POSTOFFICE ROBBED.
Thieves Loot the Puyallup Office but
Secure Leal Than Five
Dollars.
Chief Postal Inspector Munro received %
letter from the Postmaster at PuyalluD,
Washington, yesterday, announcing that
the office was entered on the night of May
7 and $4 50 in stamps and 55 cents in coin
stolen. An effort was made to blow open
the safe, but foiled, presumably because
the robbers were frightened away.
The letters of two mail pouches w<>™
rifled, but so far as known nothing of value
was secured. A special inspector was sent
to the scene of the robbery yesterday.
M. Eliseieff, a Russian traveler in the
Soudan, estimates the total strength of the
fighting men under the Khalifa Abdui'ah
at about 300,000. To this total the Baggara
Arabs contribute 40,000, all trained and
disciplined warriors.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
FRANCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; 12:35,
: 3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 P. si.
SUNDAYS— 7-.30, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30.
5:00, 6:20 P. x.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. *.•
19:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trioj
at 1 :55 p. x. and C:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:.- 6, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. it.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam*
-• schedule as above. - ■ ■ , • . •• ••■»» : ••■• •
Leave ". - .» m Arrive ~
San Francisco. A pr" 2, San Francisco.
Wkkk I Scs- Designation • Sirs- I Week"
Days. j hays. "es^nation. DAY - I Days .
7:30 am 7:30 am Novaio, 10:40 am] 8:40 am
3:30 pm 9:30 am PetalUT-..a, 6:05 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa P.osa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am j Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur?,
Geyser ville,
3:30 rin 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
Heta,
7:30 am Hopland & 10:10 am
3:30 730 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 p.vc
7:30 AM I . i 10 :10 am
; 7:30 am Guerneville. ■ 7:30 pmi
3:SOi»M.I , I 6:15 pm
7:?oam 7:30 am; Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
5:10 pm 5:00 I'm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pm
I I Glen Ellen.
jlS3£,S;s§S| ""-top* |*gja§ai»agsj
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs ; at Geyservllle for Ska?KS Bprinis: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Pieta for Hl^hlana
Springs, K.-lseyvtlle, Soda Bay and uikepor: • at
llopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lal-e. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Llerley.s, Bucknell's. Sanhe.l-
-/In Heights, gravelly Valley, BooneviUe, Green,
wood, Orrs Hot Springs, ITendocino City. Fort
Bras*, Westport, Usal. Willats, Oahto, Covelo
Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. LOVelo »
Saturday to Monday roun^-trlp tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point* be-
yond Ban Rafael at half rates. °*
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldina.
H. a WHITING. R.X.RYAN, *
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ascent.
Atlantic ""^^^D^
Pacific m^^^
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrive iJxSiisSvlr
a* U*rket-Street F«ny. i^^Sjf^o'^^l
SANTA FE EXPRESS.
To Chicago via A. & P. D ree ' ,{-•"•
Leaves ever? day at 5 r. m.. carrrln? *«"»«
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleeper* to ££>*•
via Kansas City without change. . Annex can in
Denver and St. Louis. . ,««»Tcr»
CHICAGO LIMITED, \;.
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Boild Vestibule Train Daily, with Dining-car*
■nder Harvey's management. Connecting train*,
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 p. m. daily.
1 The best railway from California to the E&sU
, New rails, new ties; no dost: Interesting ««meryj
i and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dlnlar
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, comiu. n Ing March 29, 1893.
WEEKDAYS. •
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. »B^oo
•9:15 10:15, "H:45. a. M.: 1:46, 3:iO, 4:15,
5-16. •6:00. c:3SP. m. -■- ■■•
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wadnc*
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. » /;-
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, »9:00,
•10:00. 11:30 a. m.;**l2:Sj. v 1 :30, »2:16, «4:00,
6:30,6:45,8:30 p.m. Extra trip to Sauialitoat
11 :00 a. m.
Trains marked • run to San Qucntln. ••12:80
F. M. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p.m. weekday B— Lazadero and way station*
8:00 a. M. Sundays— Cazadero and way station*
9;00 a. m. Sundnyi— Point Reyes ana way station*
i ■ "8FOX AGAIN GETS
HEAVY JUDGMENT
Latest Decision in the Hale
and Norcross
Case.
TWO SUMS IN ONE.
Judge Hebbard's Opinion on the
Charge of Fraudulent
Milling.
EETURNS WEEE PLAINLY FALSE
Together the Two Amounts Aggre
gate Far Over Six Hundred
Thousand.
One more decision in tbe Hale <fc Nor
cross case has been entered in the records,
this time by Judge Hebbard of the Supe
rior Court.
The decision was rendered in that phase
of the case which relates to the fraudulent
milling of the ore. It bad been tried be
fore Judge Hebbard and his judgment was
for $789,618. The Supreme Court reversed
this as being excessive, however, and it
was tried again before Judge Hibbard.
His decision yesterday scales down the
former judgment to $417,683. With this
judgment he rendered an opinion yester
day.
In the first part of his opinion Judge
Habbard quotes from the decisions of the
Supreme Court reversing his former judg
ment. Then he says:
The Supreme Court has directed this court
to find: The value of the ores of the Hale&
.Noreross Mining- Company delivered to the
Nevada and Mexican mills from January 1,
1887, to July 1, 1890; the amount of this
value necessarily lost in working or which
would not under fair . milling be separated
from the baser matter; the amount of money,
if any, received by the mills from the working
or sale of the tailings or residue of said ores;
the amount and value of the bullion that
should have been returned by the mill.
From these premises this court is directed to
find what amount of damage, if any, has been
sustained by the Hale & Xorcross Mining Com
pany.
From the conclusion that the Haie & Nor
cross Mining Company has sustained loss by
reason of the Imperfect and fraudulent mill
ing of its ores there is no possible escape.
Taking the great mass of seemingly conflict
ing evidence in the case, and calculating from
premises strained and enlarged to the utmost
in the defendants' favor, the result is still thai
the Nevada and Mexican mills, controlled by
Hay ward, Hobart and Levy, did not return to
the Hale & Norcross Company the amount of
bullion which In common honesty and fair
business dealing ought to have been returned.
Many witnesses called for defendants testi
fied that 70 or 75 per cent of the battery
sample assays would be a fair return, but this
conclusion is arbitrarily given, without re
gard for car or railroad car sample assays, and
independent of the actual value of the ore be
fore it went through the mill.
The court cannot rely upon this class of evi
dence founded entirely and absolutely upon
battery assays, for it is beyond question that
the battery sample assays of these ores taken
in these mills are incorrect and false, and can
not be properly employed as a basis upon
which to figure such percentages of returns.
From January 1, 1887, to January 1, 16190,
these assay returns of over 80,000 tons of ore
showed in no single month a percentage over
or equal to the car sample assays of the same;
they were invariably much lower. Consider
ing that all assays are somewhat speculative
and never absolutely exact, the fact that in all
this mass of ore there was scarcely a single
battery assay that, even by chance, went
higher than the car assay, is startling in its
evidence of deliberate, habitual design.
The witness D. B. Lyman testified that the
Nevada mill was well adapted for the proper
reduction of ores, yet its percentage of returns
does not compare favorably with those of Other
- ii. ills working Comstock ores, particularly the
Brunswick mill, at which Hale & Norcross
ores have fbeeu worked since this action was
commenced, with results so much more favor
able to the mining company as to absolutely
disprove the theory and the evidence that car
sample assays must necessarily and always be
too high.
The Brunswick mill worked these ores,
made large returns and in some instances the
battery assays were ia excess of the car sam
ple assays.
The following facts and figures are ad
mitted to be correctly shown by the record in
;hecase: Number of tons of ore from Hale &
Norcross mine milled at the Nevada and Mexi
can mills from January 1, 1887, to July 1,
1890, b4.068.1700: value of same as shown by
car sample assay, $3,224,28658; average value
of same per ton, car sample assay, $38 35.
Value of same as shown by battery sample
assay, $2,225,256 54; value of bullion re
turned by mills to mining company, $1,678,
-921 16. of which $718,345 was gold and
£960,576 17 silver; percentage of gold in bul
lion, .4268; percentage of silver in bullion,
.5722; average discount on silver during
period with standard at 1.2929, running from
92 to 1.06, .26112.
For the purpose of simplifying calculations
fractions of tons of ore and fractions of the
value thereof will be ignored. The value of
these ores delivered to these mills during the
r>eriod mentioned is $2,551,742, of which
$1,460,107 is silver and $1,091,635 gold.
This value is ascertained by deducting $8
per ton from the car sample assay value.
Example: Car sample value, $3,224,286; 84.
-068 tons at $8, $672,544; balance, $2,551,742.
That this amount of deduction lrom car
sample assay value will give the true value of
the ore delivered to the mills, as nearly as
practicable and as nearly as possible, is proved
by the testimony of witnesses on both sides.
And it Is also proven by the working of ores
and the returns thereof at the Con. Va. & Cal
Overman and Hale & Norcross Mining com
panies.
This deduction of $8 per ton is a most liberal
allowance. Plaintiff contends that a deduc
tion of $5 would be ample, and the evidence
above referred to would perhaps warrant an
average deduction of but $5.
The amount of the value of the ore delivered
to the mills, which was necessarily lost in
working or would not under fair milling be
separated from the baser matter and therefore
which is the amount to be deducted for loss, is
The loss Is made up as follows: Slimes,
$93,358 ; moisture, $32,214 tailings, $251 197 •'
total $381,769.
The evidence shows that the loss by slimes
and moisture is occasioned by the presence of
clay in the ore, and that the amount of clay is
about 10 per cent of the ore, and that the
amount of moisture is about 10 per cent of the
clay.
Ten per cent of 84,068 tons of ore is 8406
tons, which is clay consisting of Mimes and
moisture. Of this 840 tous is moisture and
7566 tons are slimes. Total. 8406 ton" of^clay.
The witnesses, Peck and Kinkead, say these
■limes assay sl3 per ton; 7566 tons of slimes
at $13 equals $98,358, which is the total loss
occasioned by slimes.
Giving the 840 tons of moisture the average
value per ton of the ore by car sample, which
is $38 35, then 840 tons of moisture at $38 35
equals $32,214 total loss occasioned by
moisture.
The tailings are that portion of the oro whicn,
after passing through the amalgamating pans,
runs out of the mill and is wasted.
Trie value of these tailings per ton is shown
tv the settler sample assays (plaintiff' exhibit
77).
The average of these settler sample assays, as
claimed by plaintiff, is $3 OS per ton. and as
claimed by defendants $3 38 per ton, the
Utter is adopted for the calculation.
As all the slimes and moisture are above ac
counted for, neither form a part of the tailings
fcr the purpose of the calculations. .. .
The total amount of the slimes and moisture
must be deducted from the amount of ore in
order to ascermin the amount of tailings: . "■•'-:.
Example— Slimes 7566 tons, moisture 840
tons; total. 8406 tons.
Deduct 8406 tons, of slime* and moisture
from 84,068 tons of ore equals 75,662 tons of
tailings, without deducting the weight -of the
bullion: 75,662 tons multiplied by $3 32
eq.als $251,197, total loss occasioned by tail
ings, and dip king the total loss occasioned by
Klines, moisture and tailings, as aforesaid, the
amount of $381,769.
From the i value .of the ore delivered to the
miKs— s2.ssl,742— deduct the total loss occa
sioned by slimes, moisture and tailings, $381,
-769, and the balance, - $2,169,973, is the
amount of bullion, with silver at 1.2929,
which ought to have been returned to the
Hale & Norcross Company. From this amount,
$2,1G9,973, deduct $1,678,921, the amount of
bullion, with silver at 1.2929, which was re
turned, and the balance, $491,053, is the ap
parent deficit; .5722 of this amount, or $ 280,
-980, is silver. Taking out of $280,980 the
average discount on silver, or .26112 thereof,
which is $73,369, and deducting this total dis
count for silver, $73,309 from $491,05. leaves
a balance of $417,683, which is the net deficit
and the amount in money which ought to have
been returned over and above the $1,678,921
which was returned In bullion, and this is the
amount, $417,683, which the court finds to be
the amount of damages sustained by the Hale
& A orcross Company by reason of the imper
fect and fraudulent milling of these ores.
Counsel for plaintiff calculate and claim
this result to be $651,223, and give strong
reasons therefor, but the court, considering the
elements of loss with a view to enter the
lowest judgment possible from the record upon
this issue, places the result at $417,683, or
less by $233,540 than the amount claimed by
plaintiff.
Other calculations may be made, based upon
the evidence in the case, shin-ing results of
$664,000, $668,894? and $680,547 respectively.
capitulation— 7566 tons; moisture,
840 tons; tailings, 75,662 tons; total, 84,063
tons.
Loss— Slimes, 7566 tons at $13, $98,358;
moisture, 840 tons at $38 35. $32,214 ; tailings,
75,662 tons at $3 32, $251,197; total loss,
$381,769. Car sample value of ore, $3,224,
-286; deduct $8 per ton of 84,068 tons, to show
value at mill, $672,544: value of ore at mill,
$2,551,742; deduct loss of milling, $381,769;
value of bullion, with silver at 1.2929, which
ought to have been returned, $2,169,973; de
duct amount of bullion which was returned,
$1,678,921; balance gross deficit, with silver
at 1.2929, which ought to have been returned,
$401,052; deduct discount on silver. $73,369;
balance, net delict cash value lor the purpose
of the judgment, $417,638. .<
Koihing is added to the judgment by reason
of anything received by the mills from the
working or sale of the tailings or residues of
the ore. It appears, however, that some $15,
-000 was received by the Nevada mill from the
working of concentrates. .
John \V. Mackay, D. B. Lyman and other
witnesses testified that in the old days of the
Comstock the mining companies required a
return from tae mills of 65 per . cent of the
wagon sample assays in bullion; sometimes
they received a little more and sometimes a
little less, but if less than 65 per cent was re
turned the mills were called upon to make
and did make up the deficiency. In view of
this evidence it may be interesting to kuow
that the amount of bullion which ought to
have been returned to the Hale and Norcross
Company, as above found to be $2,169,973, is
about 67 per cent of the ore, $3,224,286, as
valued by the car sample assay, and it is more
than $12 50 per ton less than the average car
sample assay per ton of $38 35.
As to the defendants, Charles P. Eagan and
the Nevada Mill and Mining Company, the
action is dismissed, as they have not been
brought in by proper service of process.
As to all the other defendant directors, ex
cept H. M. Levy, the action is dismissed, be
cause it appears that they could be held liable
only for negligence, concerning- which no
issue is presented by the pleadings. ,
Let judgment be entered herein against the
defendants Alvinza Hayward and 11. M. Levy
for the sum of $210,197 50, with interest
thereon from the 11th day of June, 1892. at
the rate of 7 per cent per annum, upon the
issue presented by the claim of the fraudulent
combination and agreement for mining and
milling the ores of the Hale & Norcross Silver
Mining Company; also for the sum of $417,
-683, with whatever interest thereon, if any,
the court may find proper, upon the issue
presented by the claim lor damages, sustained
by reason of the imperfect and fraudulent
milling of the ores of the Hale & Norcross Sil
ver Mining Company, together with all the
costs of the case, except that tney be allowed
their costs of appeal as per remiltitur herein
of May 9, 1896.
Let judgment be entered herein also against
the defendants, the executors of the estate of
W. S. Hobart, deceased, tor the sum of $210,
-197 50, with interest thereon from the 11th
day of June, 1892, at the rate of 7 par cent per
annum, upon the issue presented by the claim
of the fraudulent combination and agreement
for mining and - milling the ores of the Hale <&
Norcross Silver Mining Company; also lor the
sum of $417,683 with whatever interest
thereon, if any, the court may find proper
upon the issue presented by the claim for dam
ages sustained by reason of the imperfect and
fraudulent milling of the ores of the Hale &
Norcross Silver Mining Company, together
with all the costs of the case, except that they
be allowed their costs of appeal as per the re
mittitur filed herein May 9. 1596, All of said
judgment as against said executors payable in
due course of administration.
Before signing the written decision herein
the court will hear argument of counsel upon
the question of adding interest to the amount —
$41/, 6B3— which is the amount found due
upon the issue presented by the claim for
damages sustained by reason of the imperfect
and fraudulent milling of the ores of the Hale
it Norcross Silver Mining Company.
Let the amount of the judgment be collected
but once, and let J. J. Groom be appointed re
ceiver in this case to collect the same and pay
it out to those who may be entitled thereto
under the direction of the court, and let 25
per cent of the judgment so collected be paid
to the attorneys for the plaintiff herein.
Dated May 12, 1896.
J. C. B. Hebbard. Judge.
The judgmeut for $210,197 50 is for ex
cessive charges made by the mill against
the mine. This, with the judgment first
rendered, makes the entire judgment so far
amount to $627,880 50. The question of in
terest will come up airain.
PESCIA WILL BE CONSUL
The Italian Colony Pleased at
the Doctor's Appoint
ment.
Consul-General Grimaldi Alarmed for
the Safety of His Pretty
Turkish Wife.
For the last few months Cay. Bruni
Grimaldi, the Consul-General of Italy in
this City, has been negotiating witu his
Government for a long leave of absence.
His request was granted and the Consul
was also authorized to appoint the man
who should represent him in his absence
or replace him if he fails to return.
To the great satisfaction of the Italian
colony, the announcements were made
yesterday that the Consul's choice had
fallen on Dr. Pescia and that the doctor
bad consented to be acting Consul in the
absence of Cay. Bruni Grimaldi. Dr. .Pescia
is one of the most influential men in the
colony, and as he is also wellj known
amon k Americans it is believed that he
can fill the position of Italian Consul-
General to the satisfaction of all parties
concerned much better than a stranger to
this City could possibly do.
It is stated, however," that E. Scodeletti,
who for the last fifteen years has tilled the
position of secretary to the Italian Con
sulate, in not satisfied at the changes and
that he has rebiened.
Cay. Bruni Grimalai will shortly leave
this City for Armenia. He is married to a
beautiful young Turkish lady, and ever
since the Consul's arrival here from Den
ver, over a year a>;o, she and the two
Grimaldi children have boen visiting Mrs
Grimaldi's relations in Turkey in Asia.
The recent Armenian troubles have caused
the Consul considerable anxiety, as he
feared that in some of the uprisings his
family might be massacred. It is largely
to look aft-r their safety and bring them
back to America that he has demanded a
leave of absense, though he has no inten
tion of returning here immediately.
Cay. bruni Grimaldi was in the Ital
ian consulai service in this country fifteen
years ago. Later he served ia Japan and
Turkey, and it was in Constantinople that
he met the nandßome young Turkish lady
who became his wife. When he consented
to her taking their two children from this
country, whither he had been transferred,
to visit relations in Armenia he had no
idea that the conditions in that U'lhappy
land were about to become so strained.
Ever since the troubles began Cay.
Grimaldi has watched the mails with deep
anxiety for the letters saying that all was
well with his wife and children, and he
has earnestly petitioned the Italian Minis
ter for Foreign Affairs to grant him leave
of absence. It is only within the la-t few
days thai bis request has been formally
granted, and he is now Hurrying his prep
arations to depart as soon as possible.
An Old Character Dies
"Buffalo Bill," alias "Pete," a Chinatown
loafer, dropped dead in the Merchant stables on
Webb street yesterday afternoon. His body
was removed to the Morgue. He declined at
all times to give any name or names other than
tbe onus already mentioned.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
WEAVER TURNS
UN HIS ENEMIES
Board of Health Appointees
Charged With Serious
Crimes.
THE COOK DREW A KNIFE
Secrets of the Almshouse Made
Public by the Superin
tendent.
INMATES WEKE ASSAULTED.
A Serious Scandal Is Now Brewing
in the City and County
Poorhouse.
Weaver of the Alms
house after bearing patiently the assaults
on his character and ability that were
made during his recent trial by tbe Board
of Health, and which eventually resulted
in his dismissal to make room for a man
of the same political complexion as the
majority in the board, has at last turned
on his tormentors and returned a blow
that has fairly staggered the men who
have done Governor Budd's bidding.
During the entire investigation, so
called, which was held in secret and behind
closed doors, Sir. Weaver made no effort
to strike back beyond a quiet intimation
that some of the acts used to support
charges against him had been due to the
friction between himself and political ap
pointees of the present board, who refused
to keep up the discipline of the institution
and put his authority at naught. He
made no specific charges at the time, but
bent his energies to refute the accusations
against himself.
Now that the board has declared his
place vacant and appointed a Democratic
political hanger-on to* succeed him, he has
made public certain icts of some of the
board's employes that make the charces
against himself pale iuto insignificance.
At a meeting of the board held on Mon
day Mr. Weaver Bent in a communication
that places three of the employes ap
pointed by the board, and supposed not
only to be sober, industrious, competent
men, placed there because of their fitness
for the positions they occupy, in a very
peculiar light.
He opeulv charges Chief Cook Kearny,
on of the most recent appointees, and who
was lauded when his name was proposed,
with assaulting an inmate, presumably
decrepit and unable to resist, and pushing
him down stairs, pulling hair out of his
beard, and threatening to carve him with a
knife, which the cook drew during the
melee. Others are charged with like
offenses and with intemperance. The
bulk of the communication is as follows:
As superintendent of the City and County
Almhouse I will acquaint you with the follow
ing facts: On the morning of May 5, P. F.
Kearny, chief cook of the Almshouse, as
saulted an inmate named James Hudson. He
called him vile names, pushed him down
stairs and pulled hair out of bis beard. Kearny
then drew a knife and made threats of greater
bodily hsrru to Hudson. This attack was not
made in self-defense, but a premeditated as
sault in the presence of a number of witnesses,
who can be produced.
R. F. Julian, the farmer, attempted a violent
attack on James Coniff on April 18 last, and
the latter was rescued from injury through
tne assistance of bystanders. Witnesses 10
this assault 1 will produce at the request of
your board.
Dr. Charles J. Grant, who is the night watch
man in Hospital 3, 1 bud is wholly unfit for
his duties by reason of bis feeble health, old
age and intemperance. The sick and dying
are neglected by him and the dead are un
watched and uncared for during the night.
1 have not exercised the power I understand
I legally possess as superintendent to remove
these men, owing to the peculiar relations
that have existed lor some time between the
member.-, of the Board of Health and myself,
but UDon reflection have decided to submit
the facts to the Board and request an imme
diate investigation, offering at the same time
to present the proof for all the allegations I
have made.
The members of the board looked
askance at each other as their friends were
scorched by the superintendent, and when
the reading was finished a motion was
hastily made and carried that tne matter
be referred to the Hospital Committee.
To be sure that the Hospital Committee
should have the document at hand Dr.
Hart, a member of the committee, placed
it in his pocket. The only mention ot the
matter if. the minutes is that a communi
cation had been received from Superin
tendent Weaver and referred as stated.
It is understood that Mr. Weaver is pre
pared to bring other charges against the
board's appointees if these should be ig
nored.
SANTA ROSA ISLAND HEIRS
They Get Down to the Details
of John More's Admin
istration.
The Way in Which He Handled the
Funds Disclosed in Black
and White.
The hearing of the amended exceptions
in the Santa Rosa Island case was con
tinued before Judge Coffey yesterday.
The additional exceptions filed by tbe
heirs represented by Major Mhoon, as well
as those presented by Messrs. Gunnison,
Booth and Bartnett, show up John F.
More's administration of the Island's
affairs in detail.
The heirs of Alexander P. More, who
left his little principality in the hands of
his brother, as administrator, are deter
mined to get the facts and something like
$85,000 or $100,000. The heirs say he re
ceived $14,000 from the Western Meat
Company and failed to render an account
ing thereof; next on tne list is $300 re
ceived from the California Iron and
Wrecking Company, for supplies furnished
from the island, including shoes, tobacco,
meat, etc., and following thin sale of goods
not belonging to him, are others of a sim
ilar character, wherein certain laborers,
occasionally visiting the island, left $750
with Mr. More.
He also, it is alleged, failed to account
for $800 in rents, and did not turn over to
the estate $10,000 due as rent from himself
under the lease entered into with his de
ceased brother. Next on tbe list is an item
of $1056 tor freight on his own wool,
claimed to have been paid out of the funds
of tbe estate.
It is also recounted in the newly filed
papers that John F. More failed to turn
over to tne estate the 40,000 sheep en
trusted to him, and that the number was
15,000 short, and further that he shipped
6000 bead of sheep irom the island at a
time when he knew the total number oi*
the island, including those shipped, did
not exceed 32,000.
The heirs think it is highly improbable
that John F. will be able to account for
the discrepancies enumerated and they
are determined to rid the island and them
selves of his official domination as admin
istrator.
HE SOLD THE STOCK.
E. A. N Hughes, a Curbstone Broker,
Arrested on the Charge of Felony
Km be z/ lenient.
Charles A. Paxton, stockbroker, 314 Pine
street, swore to a complaint yesterday
afternoon before Justice of tbe Peace Groe
zinger, who is presiding in No. 1 Police
Court during the absence of Judge Camp
bell, charging E. A. N\, Huglies. a curb
stone broker, with felony embezzlement.
Paxton alleged that last Thursday
Hughes called at his office and asked to be
accommodated for an hour with 500 shares
of Potosi stock. As this is a usual courtesy
nmonj: brokerß Huehes 1 request was
granted. As he failed to keep his promise
to return the stock Paxton made inquiry
and found t at it had baen sola for $750.
The warrant was placed in the hands of
Detectives Seymour and Whittaker. and
they arrested Hughe3 in the Pacific Stock
Exchange on Leidesdorff street and took
him to the City Prison, where ho was de
tained on the charge.
Hughe^ claims that he borrowed the
stock from Paxton to accommodate Harris
& Co., the stockbrokers on Pine ana
Leidesdorff streets, who failed last week,
and that they must have disposed of it
and appropriated the proceeds.
«. — ♦ — •
To Be Lighted by Electricity.
Special Agent Powell of the Agricultural De
partment at Washington made a careful in
spection of the Appraisers' building and the
Postoffice yesterday, with a view of putting
electric lights in all the main corridors and
offices. Mr. Powell estimctes that 700 lights
will be required to properly cover the two
buildings. It is thought that the department
will not delay in authorizing the needed im
provements.
The Queen Libel Suit
The hearing of the libel suit of the Bancroft-
Whitney Company vs. the Pacific Coast Steam
ship Company was resumed in the United
Suites District Court yesterday. Judge Mor
row, in a lengthy document, denied the mo
tion of the defense asking a dismissal of the
action. Seven witnesses were examined dur
ing the day. The case will be the first oa the
calendar when court opens this morning.
KEW TO-DAY.
A IF, COTTER
|3j EXTRA
K™l UIU
Jhl Bourbon
has been
family and
Ii -___— medicinal :
|«*€TOfeJ whiskey
*> % __x™^ for
*&> Ir^U-s quarter-
Nfc2g7 J m century.
Ugy E. MARTIN
|_;»-*-«~i-- -~«_y*£__ & 00.,
r MM 411 Market St.,
E___;iaa__a San Francisco.
PClilefae.ter'. EnarlLb Diamond Kro B d.
Pennyroyal pills
P ,-<t|~\ Orl^lijol»»id Only 6?natn«. A
v~_/7_>«Sv 5* re « «iw*7< "Haw*. i*oii« uk /TV
rW IJr^M. Dru »fi***>'- Chkhrjtcr , *..7;i«* Di» ■ jfi\\
-r'tf^-rSSX"**^ Brand Id Ucd »ad Gold n-.«»i:ic\Vs'
-r-TviOhoxti. imlod with bin* ribbon. Take V_T
7*l •** WV_|l>o other. Refute dangrrouM inlttitv- V
I / ~ iff tiatuand imitation,. At Drugti.ii. srMHil 4e.
I <■ > Jf in nunpt for p.irilcnUrs, «■•»:. c..-ai»i« ■_-
VV* Em " Heller for Ladles," in lettv. br return
—\^^ If MalL 10,000 T.-«tin.ooi»li. Sim* Paper.
, ,y~" "~l Cht<-be*terCtieiHlcalCo.,M«ilii>on Square*
103 to all Loc.l DrugfUti. P_U_d«-i Fa.
IV A > A _ • 638 MARKET STREET iff _ _ _ .. ■
At Auction Byordero the At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
BUSINESS LOTS
Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets.
i '-■-•■■ ~" i — — — — _
NATOMA STREET.
" 100 ~~~ 25 25 25 100 '■ « 7 137:6 ~~ '~~ 137T6 ~ ~
c* 6 . ■ , iB NS "- — ; __ . «
1 3 6 16 «
g 6 . 18 17 16 > 14 « ' _!1
I 4 * § ~ — — i H__ — — . : 1& 5
_ : _. 3 4.V.. _, .„ 100 v
.5 3 -— 12 * -• x _ _ w
I* .; . ■ ?. " 'lr-f— '. I — — 11
8 3 x :; ; 10 s §3 5 — i — : i i
00 100 25 25 25 100 _ . » 1 15 25 25 " «
— -—^ — — — -— ~— — ™™~— " — - ™ — —"^ _______________ __ ( __^ co
HOWARD STREET. " . - ,
— .5 25 25 25 120 3-T6 [ " " ' —
S *
3 664321* ■; \J~+ ' - I
. ; .: "., -1 * ' : * * • ■. . ■ ■■ ■ ■ \ $
■ '-■'■■' ■.-..'■' :> .'■" •.*.- . ..■■■•"-
Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property.
This property Is located In the present growing- business portion of our city, and certainly has the brightest
outlook for Investors of any section.
Business men, capitalists, Investors and speculators should examine this property, for It certainly presents
an elegant opportunity for one and all to obtain a large percentum on the capital they may Invest.
TERMS— One-fourth cash, balance In 1, 2 and 3 years'. T. Interest 7 per cent per annum.
N. B.— California Title Insurance and Trust Company will Issue a policy of Insurance to each purchaser for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of , $25 for each 25-foot lot.
> PROBATE SALE.
Easterly line of South Park, 143 feet southwest of Second Street. Two houses, Nos. 61 and 70, about 6
rooms each, with cottage In rear of No. 70. House and lot No. 61 Is 22 by about 130 feet. House and lot No. 7O
Is 18 by about 120 feet, with cottage In rear. The property, will be sold as ah entirety or In the two subdivisions.
Handsome park In front of the property. TERMS— Subject to approval of Superior Court.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
688 3Vt__^_FL_Sl-G»_? STREET.
SEW TO-DAT.'
RHEUMATISM
CURE.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building: up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures acute or muscular
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of the
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, soreneßS,stiff back and all pains in hips
and loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica,
lumbago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. It seldom fails to give relief from
one or two doses, and almost invariably
cures before one bottle has been used.
Price 26c. ...
Munyon'a Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price, 25 cents.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins, and all
forms of kidney disease.
Munyon's Vitalizer, price $1.
A separate specific for each disease. At
all druggists, mostly 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., answered
with free medical advico for any disease.
FREUD'S CORSET BOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSETS
200 Dozen Ladies'
Black and Drab Corsets,
Reduced From $1.75 to $1.00. #
CAUTIOX — Ilavlnc; no agencies or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at our
establishment. •-•
Mall orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free,
MAKE NO MISTAKE IN' OUR ADDRESS
3VC. 3E!*3-=t._S3XTX> <»s son,
743-744 market St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
Fine Tailoring
Jsf' Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
_^_^k Moderate Prices, go to
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POHEIM
THE TAILOR.
Mil PANTS mi to order from S4.CI
i 1 SUITS made to order from $15.00
;J 9 MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS
Nlflil^ 201 and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
724 Market St. 1110 & 1112 Market St
! ■-■ SAW FRANCISCO. '- ,
COAL!' COAL !
Wellington $10 00
Southfield 9 50 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 6 60— Half ton. 850
Seattle 8 00— Half ton. 400
Bryant 7 00— Half too. 400
Telephone— Black— 35.
______ '
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
522 Howard Street, Ni:ir I ir.st.
-.. -fEw to-pat:
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAGGIONI KID GLOVES.
WE OFFER THIS WEEK
SPECIAL :=: VALUES
Muslin
Underwear
COMPRISING— \ —
Gowns,
Skirts, •
Chemises,
Drawers and
Corset Covers.
We Only Ask an Inspection.
The Prices and Qualities are
Bound to Be Irresistible.
THERE ARE
Night Gowns
At $1.00. $1.25, $1.50, $1.75
and $2.00 Each.
Skirts
At 50c, 75c, $1.00, $1.15 and
$2.00 Each.
Chemises
At 50c. 75c, 85c, $1.00 and
$1.25 Each.
Drawers
At 25c, 35e, 40c, 50c and 65c
per Pair.
AND :^~"
Corset Covers
At 25c, 50c, 75c. $1.00 and
$1.15 Each.
The above are all made of splen-
did materials, finished In the finest
manner, full width and of good
shape. See them.
STOP at Our Hosiery Counter. It
will pay you to do so.
Hall Orders Promptly Filled.
& LEmRSOU
125, 137, 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STOKE— and 744 Market
Street.
- COSMOPOIjITATff,
Opposite V. a Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st., Han
>ranclsco, Cal — The most select family hotel in
the city. Board and room, 91. *1 25 and $1 50 par
day, according id room. Meals 25c Rooms, aoo
and 750 a day. ■ Free coach to and from tha hotel.
.Look Tor the coacu bearing the name of tho Co*
mopolUan Hotel, W-L KAHfc. Y. Proprietor
(* "PATENTS!; I)
>£_tf^22Q MARKET SZS.fNS*'
NEW TO-DAT.
Wfi NOLAN BROS.
1 1 ■% \ shoe CO.
LATEST STYLE
FUSTE
JLllll UllViJUi
We Are the Only House That lias
. All the Very Latest Tan Shoes.
NO OLB STYLES~in OUR STORE
Nothing but the very latest and all
right up to the minute. So when
you want TAN SHOES come or send
direct to our store and buy them
AT"; WHOLESALE PRICES.
We Are Making a Specialty
of Tan Shoes and Can
Suit Every One.
All Styles That Are Made in
Black Shoes We Have in Tan.
WE SELL:
Ladles' Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid Button,
hand-torn soles, pointed toes and tips, a;..
$2 50 per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Oxfords, French heels, hand,
turn soles, pointed toes and tips, at. §'£ per pair
Ladies' Fine Tan Kid, Brown Cloth Top Ox-
fords, or Southern Ties, hand-turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at.. $1 50 per pair
Ladles' Fine Russet Oxford Ties, turn soles,
pointed or square toes, at $1 per pair
Ladles' White Canvas Oxford Ties, tnrn soles,
pointed toes, at $1 50 per pair
Children's and Blisses* Tan Button Shoes.
Spring heel, square toe and tip. .
Sizes to 8 900
Sizes BV_ to 11 $1 00
SUes 11% to 2.: *1 25
Men's Tan Shoes
From $2.00 Up.
We have all the Very Latest Styles
and Shades in MEN'S TAN SHOES,
GIVEN AWAY!
A Rubber Ball or Base Ball
With Every Purchase.
Send us your address and we will mall you a
Catalogue.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH STORE ON
MARKET STREET.
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
NOLAN BROS.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
9 and 11 O'Farrel! St.,
PHEIAX BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
W. J. DINQEE,
Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
■•■■■■"■
460-463 Eighth Street, Oakland,
In conjunction with
lAT AUCTION
SATURDAY MAY 16, 1896
At 2 o'clock p. m., on the premises.
Hear 'Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
— AKD FRONTING
College, Benvenue and Hillegass Ave-
nues, Parker and Derby Streets,
6O 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IN THE WELL-KNOWN
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences In this
city of grand views,
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of the first-class busi-
ness men of San Francisco, tho professors of the
State University and the best citizens of Berkeley;
but 1 block from Dwight Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwight Way
steam station: commands the finest view obtain-
able of the Golden Gate, Mann County hills, the
bay and the City of San Francisco. '1 he streets
are in perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded and wat r-piped; all the street
work is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. Public and private schools near
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal — Only one-
fourth cash; balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
HOW T<3 REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Francisco take the Berkeley train,
get off at Dwight Way, walk up same to Hlllegasa
avenue. ■
■ From Oakland take Telegraph-avenue electric
car. gat off at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or Grove-street electne car. get off at i Dana or
Dwight streets, walk east two minutes.
For catalogues, terms, etc., inquire of
J2ASTON, KLURIDGb & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
638 -Market street, San Francisco,
OrWM. J. DINGKK, Real Estate Auctioneer,
■ 460 and 46- Eighth street, Oakland.
A. H. BREED & CO.. 460 Ninth st- Oakland.
BERRY & BANGS, 1-0 Mutter at., San Francisco.
.♦!_eJ^J_&s9bJs>** Sf Bic His a non-poisonous
remedy for Gonorrhoea,
J^fSSr CUKEb^WgS Gleet, Spermatorrhcea,
! JJra far in l to s days. Whites, unnatural dis-
JBSIV Qa_r.ni«ii te! charges, or any iuflaratna-
f*J not to stricture. — tion, irritation or ulcera-
__.,j|' ttTentl contagion. tion of mucous mi m-
KVftTHEEvANS Ch£U!OlCo. branes. Non-astringent.
IfIAcmCI.SNATI.O ..Sill Sold by Dru esiMta,
U|& D. 3. a . For sent in plain wrapper,
<^nPlb>. __«*tl by express, prepaid, fur
%rafK__fJSP?!^H {1-00, or 3 bottles, #.7\
M Circular sent oa re jumtt
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
S-UMMARY Ol' THE MARKETS.
Mexican Dollars higher.
Silver a fraction lower.
Shipment of 9277.771 to China.
Wheat and Wheat Freights dulL
Barley quiet.
Oats Corn aud Bye Inactive.
Buckwheat neglected.
Beans dull and unchanged.
Hay sells at old prices.
Bran advanced.
Seeds neglected and nominal.
All Potatoes very firm.
New Onions sell higher.
Vegetables in light receipt.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Kk?s moving off more freely.
Poultry weakening.
Receipts of Spring Fruits very light.
Citrns Fruits continue quiet.
Dried Fruits and Honey motionless.
Provisions dull.
Hides and Wool continue inactive.
Hops demoralized, as usual.
Hogs lower.
Merchandise quotations unaltered.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Doric took out a treasure list of 9277,771,
consisting of 513.076 in Mexican Dollars, ?2695
In Gold Coin and 4256,000 in Silver Bullion.
Explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
•t station indicate maximum temperature for Hit
days: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredth;*,
daring the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accomoanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.
"Lows'* usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Whin .the pressure is high in the interiot
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south alone the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a -t-.u-h" in ihe vicinity of Idaho, anil
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these condition*
Will produce an opposite result.
•WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Department of Agricul
ture, Weathkb Bureau, Sas . Fkanxibco,
May 12,1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
. The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka so.4l, last season 41.91: Red Bluff 21.68,
last season 26.25: San Francisco 20.84, last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67: San Luis
Ob.spo 17.64, last season 25.93: Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.04; San Diego 5.92, last
season 12.16: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Eureka 58. Red Bluff
72, "?an Francisco t>2, Fresno 74, Ban Luis Obispo
80. Los Angeles 72, tan Diego 72, Yuma 88.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 62,
minimum 48. mean 55.
The area of low pressure, which was on* the
coast Sunday morning moved rapidly inland and
united with a lance area of low pressure over the
upper Missouri Valley. An area of high pressure
now overii tue northern half of the Pacific slope:
over Northern California, Oregon and Washington
the pressure has risen from two to three tenth* of
an Inch during the past twenty-four hours. • This
high area will probably move slowly inland, caus
ing throughout California northerly winds, hiirli in
the valleys and warmer dry weather. The tem
pera, u re ha remained about stationary over the
entire country west of the Rocky Mountains, ex
ce tine Western Nevada, where it has risen 10 or
12 degrees. It is still, however, below the normal
throughout' Nevada. Utah and the Ban Joaquin
Valley. Generally fa : r weath.r prevails over the
country south of the forty-second parallel. Cloudy
weather with very light rain is reported from the
north.
Fcrecaß - . made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnU'hl, May la. 896.
Northern California— Generally fair Wednesday ■
warmer throughout the state and much warmer
in the valleys; fresh northerly winds, increasing
in the afternoon. : •..:■■• it:
southern California— Fair Wednesday; warmer
on the coast and much warmer inland; northerly
winds.
Nevada — Fair Wednesday: warmer.
Utah— Fair Wednesday; warmer.
Arizona— Wednesda>; warmer In western
portion. '
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Wednesday;
warmer westerly winds. Increasing In the after
noon. Aloandkb U. McAdik,
i : • - if," Local forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS. •
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 12.-International
matters were the controlling influence at the Stock
Exchange to-day. '■ At the opening speculation was
characterized by strength, the better on tlooic for
an amicable settlement of the difficulties gro.vlng
out of the seizure of the American schooner Com
petitor by the Spanish Government having led to
fairly large purchases for both foreign and home
account. London bought nearly 10,000 shares of
stock, St. Paul and Louisville A Nashville figuring
most prominently in the dealings. - The early rise
was . from V* to.lVi per cent, the Industrials,
(iranpers and internationals leading. The liuyinz,
howwer, was soon exhausted, and it period of dull
ness followed.
. In the- afternoon trading the market was more
active, 'and prices declim-d throughout the .Ist.
The selling was based on reports of Anzlo-KusJian
dispute over territory In the Che Foo and partly to
the failure of the leading (.(-publican candidate for
the Presidential nomination to announce his posi
tion on the currency quest ion. it maybe added
tha: the professional bears are taking full advan
lace of the latter to bring about liquidations. The
decline In prices during the afternoon ranged from
%to 23/ 8 per cent, Manhattan leading. Near the
dose, on buying to cover shorts, prices advanced
fractionally. ■ . . . -
speculation closed steady. Net changes show
gains of i/s©% P 6l " rent. Manhattan lost 2; Con
soliduteJ lias iy 2 and Tennessee Coal md Iron 1.
Total shl< a. 128..1D0 shares.
Ko ids dull and sales $737,000. Kansas Pacific
cucboltdated' rives certificates fell 3 to 73; Oregon
Improvement consolidated sixes certificates, X to
22; Oregon Short Line cons ilida'.ed rives certifi
cates. 1 to 66; St. Louis and San Francisco con
solidated fours, 2 to 33: Oregon Navigation consoli
dated fives certificates, % ° 94%.
in Government bonds » 8 5, 000 coupon fours of
925 sold at 117 V* to 1167/ s and $11,000 ao 01 1907
at 10. --' ; .
Grain.
FLOUR— Winter wheat. low grades, $2 50®
CO; do fair to fancy, $2 63C0.3 85; do pa?
ents, $3 9C(ai 20: Minnesota clears. 92 50(<i3 15: do
-sttaiglKs, #3 00@3 60; 00 patents, S3 4.Vg,l 3o
low extra. $-' 20y,3 00; city mills, $4 10,"<i4 Hi; do
patents, $4 30@4 50: rye mixture, $2 50@3 do
superfine, *2 00(&2 35: line, $2 00@2 30. Soutu
• m Hour, easy, dull; common to fair extra, $2 40
(<j,3 00; good to choice, $3 00©3 30. Rye Hour
null, I. asy , %'i i\>G,\i 86. linek wnoat | flour, $1 ro.
BUCKWHEAT— 4O@42c . ■•■•--■
COkN MEaL — Quiet, c-esy: yellow Western,
$2 oS(di2 10:Branuywin:s$2 15. ■
RYK— Nominal; No. •_' Western. 40@44V-»c.
BAULKY— Steady; ungraded Western, 39@41c
BAR. MALI -.Nominal; Western. 48(#53c.
WHKAT— Dull: firm; f. o. b. 77y 2 c to arrive;
ungraded red, 65@77c; No. 1 Northern, 72 Vic to
arrive. »Siyn»»jUWU3^gdtoaß^|ußyjtfHi^ n^
Options Irregular, closing firm a: 1,4 cto 1c
advance. July and May most active. No. 2 red,
Muy and June 70c; July 70Vkc; fceplemu-r,
7014 c: December, 72c. .-• .■• -■- •
i X'KN— Dull, - firm. No. 2, 356/« c elevator;
38% c afloat. ■■■ ~, : v r'.-.•r '. -.•
; options firm at i4@3/»c ' advance, • following
wheat;' July most active; May 3jS,ic; July, 36V*c-
Sepienber, 37»/"C "
IS-Firni. • J . - •
Options . dull: May and June, 24!M,c- July '
- 24% c. • ■ . ■-.■■• ■ •-■
spot prices: No. 1, 24%@25c: No. 2 white. '.'He-
Na2 Chicago. B 'a.26c: ao. 3, 24c: No. 3 white.
24*4 : mixed W esteni, 22^2&c; white do and while
State; 161A&28V&C ~ V '
■ FEED r,7U,,'002i/isC. '. •
MIDDLINGS— 65&7UC.
BY X—i eea, easier, ki sc.
I'iovl^lotiq.
BKKF-Dull family, *9 60@ll; extra mess,
1 $7@B: beef hams, inactive, $14 60 10:
lierced beef, quiet; city extra India mess, •■? 1 lt'<s
16 50; cut meats slow and weak; pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4%c; do shoulders, 41 fee; do hams,
9@9i>c. •
LARD-Steady; Western. #4 85; city, $4 25:
May. $4 90; Refined, dull; continent, $6 25:
South American. *.*> 50: compound, 41 4c.
PORK— DuII, weak; old mess, $9@9 60; new
mess, $11. . . . ' . 1
HOTTER- Steady, moderate demand: State
dairy, 8@16%c; do creamery. ll@16c: Western
dairy;. 7@llc; do creamery, ll@15c: do held.
9@llc; do factory, 7@loc: Jtlslns, 16c; imi
tation creamery, 9%@l'-'c
CHEESE- demand; State large, old,
4 c;do new, es^QSS^c: do small, old, 4%@
10c; part skims, old, 3@4V*c; do, new, 2@sc; full
skims, 2@2%c. '
EGGS— Quiet: Western fresh. 9@10%c
TALLOW— city, 3l^,c: country, B%@
3S/«c
COTTONSEED OIL- Dull: crude. 21@21%c:
yellow, prime, 26%@26%c; do off grade, v!sVi@
25y a a
Potatoes— Easy.
RlCE— Steady. Domestic, fair to extra, B@s^ic;
Japan, B@4i4c. . >.-■■•
MOLAS-ES— Moderately active, firm: New Or
leans open Kettle, good to choice, 27@3?c.
COFFEE— Quiet; 5 points down, .nay, $13 10:
June. $12 50: July. $12 05; September, $11 50;
Mar h, $10 65. Spot Rio, dull; No. 7. 14c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. S%o:
centrifugals. 96 t*si, 4V±c: reflnea! moderate de
mand: off A. 4 11-16@5c: mold A, 55' c; standard
A, 53/ 8 c; confectioners' A, 6Vic; cut loaf. 6c:
crushed. 6c; powdered and granulated, ■ 6>/gc;
cubes, 6%c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS—
ALMONDS—
WALNUTS— -- V.
APRICOTS- Bags, Bya(aioc .
PEACHES— Peeled. V" tt>, lO@12o; do on
peeled. 6@7c.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. 2 s /4®3c;
three-crowu da 3S4@4c: four-crown do, 434(g>5c:
do London layers, 90c@*l.
WOOL— domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
15@33c: Texas, 7@l2c
HOPS— Quiet; State common to choice, i3Bc:
Pacific Coast, 2%@7c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
$10 75@13 60.
LEAD— FIat: domestic. »3 20%©3 25.
TlN— Firmer: straits. *13 45; plates fairly ac
tive.
SPELTER-Quiet; domestic. $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111,, May 12.— Government
report of the winter wheat issued to-day was of a
bearish nature, but it bad been so largely dis
counted by the trade that Its immediate effect this
morning was not as great as might have been had
not the gain In condition been anticipated. Yes
terday's rains through the winter wheat region
were instrumental in weakening the market after
a somewhat firm opening. About three-quarters
of a cent decline from the bes - price at the open
ing took place before the feeling steadied. .Late
this afternoon cables quoted 1 2 d aavance In Liv
erpool, early ones were V2<l lower, wnich Intelli
gence changed the aspect of affairs, a complete re
covery taking place.
Ri-ceipts at Chicago were seventeen cars, and
32.500 bushels were withdrawn from store. The
Northwest had 618 cars against 531 last Tuesday
and 149 a year ago- Export clearances amounted
to 206,000 bushels. Bradstreet's reported a de
crease in the world's available supplies of
3,029,000 bushels, prices exhibiting firmness
when the figures were ascertained. Closing Con
tinental cables were irregular. July wheat opened
from 63yH@63c, sold between 62Vfec and 64@
t34 V«c, closing at the outside, %c higher than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow seven
teen cars.
CORN— The market participated In the various
changes of feeling and sentiment of wheat. It
was dull, nevertheless, and the amount of trading
at the different quotations was light and unimport
ant. Liverpool cables were quiet and unchanged.
Receipts were 205 cars, aud 203,218 bushels were
withdrawn from store. Export clearances
amounted to 258.450 bushels. Bradstreet's re
ported a decrease in stocks of 360.000 bushels.
July corn opened from 30c to SOVgC, sold between
29% c and 30s/ B e, closing at 30Vi@30%c. Vs® 1 /! 0
higher than yesterday. Estimated receipts lor 10
-morrow 115 cars.
OaTS — The vagaries of wheat and corn vere re
flected in oats. There was at the same time an
undertone current of firmness. Receipts were 22
cars, and 135.7*22 bushels were taken from store.
Bradstreet's gave a decrease in stocks of 273,000
bushels. July closed 5' g higher than yesterday.
Es:imated receipts for to-morrow 125 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 86c; September,
8714 c. Receipts were 17 cars.
PROVISIONS— A surprisingly small run of hogs
was reported st the yards accompanied by ! the
news of an advance, though a small one. On this
influence the product market held steady. The
close was 7Vs@loc higher than yesterday tor July
pork, 21/f.c higher for July lard, and 5©7% c
higher for July ribs.
BUTTER— Quiet, steady at unchanged prices.
Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts, 14@14\^c: sec
onds. ll@13c: imitations, fancy, 10@llc. Dairies-
Extras, 12V2@1^ C : firsts, 10@llc; seconds, tic
Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts. B(g,BVa c : packing
stock, 7c <
ROGH— DulL Fresh stock, B®B%c
MONEY— Was 6% on call and c<£"% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT - May. 6254 C; July, 64@64y 8 c;
September, 64 % c ' '.■■ .
COKN-May. 29V£c; July. 30i4@30S/ 8 c; Sep
tember, 31 1 2 .
OATS— May, 18% c; July, 195/ g c; September,
20y 8 c- .
PORK— July, »7 70; September, $7 87W|-
LARD— JuIy, 84 65; September, *4 80.
I; lßs— July, 84 12%: September, $4 27%.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, 111.. May 13.-The
receipts of cattle to-aay were light. The demand
was good and prices firm. Only a moderate sup
ply 01 hogs were on sale. Prices strong to 5c
higher. Sheep active and strong.
CATTLE — Receipts. 2000. Fancy beeves,
94 30 144 40; choice to prune. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. *4 10'joU 25: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 85(3,4 05: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds. $3 50@3 6.')-. common to fair steers.
950 10 1400 pounds, $3 5i(6.3 «0: choice feeders.
900 to 1170 pounds. 83 76cgi4; common to choice
s:ockers. $2 B.v<s.3 50: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. *2 85'<j3 25 ; bulls, poor to choice, $2 00@
'2 bO; cows and heifers, extra.B3 75@4 00: cows, fair
to choice. 62 40@3 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 5032 35: calves, good to choice. 84 85 !
fa 4 75: calves, common to good. 83@4 00; Texas
'grass steers, $2 75f0.3 35; l>xas fed steers. 83 40
($3 90: Texas cows and bulls. $2 40@3 40: milkers
ana springers, per head.' S2oia.io.'
HOGS— Receipts. 10.000. Heavy packers, $3 25
(it 3 42V 2 ; common to choice mixed. £3 35(<t)3 60;
choice assorted. «3 46^3 55; light, S3 35^3 55;
pigs. $2 70@3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 12,000. Inferior to choice,
$2 50&3 40; lambs, $3&5.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Money on rni'. easy at 2Va@3';: last loan at 2Va%; j
and closing offered at 2y 2 v. Prime mercantile paper, '
6@5J/s%. Bur silver. 67%?. Mexican dollars,
&3 14 c. sterling exchange dull and easier, with '■
I t,cui.>-l busiuesi in bankers' fills ar. $4 fe.7>4@4 88
I for 60 days and *4 B>lVi®4 58% for demand. Posted ■
I rates, 24 88>2*- i b9'/2- Commercial bills, $4 B(>S/ 4 |
(0,4 87V4- Government bonds steady; State bonda '
dull: railroad bonds lower, silver at the board ■
was weak.
CLOSING STOCKS. -
Am Tel & Cable-.. 83 1 Norfolk A We«- ... 14 !
Aicblson- 14% Preferred. 4
Preferred... 2^i /a Northern Pacific.. %
Adams express. ..l 49 'Preferred. 15&%
Alton.TerxeHaut*. 55 Nortnwestern. 10 4Vi
American Express.ll3 Preferred ;...14«
American Tobacco. 653/ 8 ;N. Y. Central ..... 9qs/.
Preterrea.. 97 jN .Y. Chicago Jta.i, U
Bay fcUitoGas...... 27% In preferred..... 7b .
Baltimore & Ohio,. 17 '4 2d preferred. 33
J runswick Lands- 6/8 N. Y. <fc N. H..., MM I 73
Buffalo, Roch &P. 22^, N. Y.&New En o
Canada Pacific. „ 591^ N. Y. fcusq & W._ 8y 8 '■
Canada Southern,. 49i/ Preferred. ra 'l:\
Canton Land «. 60 % Ontario I3IA \
*mrui fartno.... 1 1 V^ Ontario & Western. lii 4
Ches.dk Ohio. 16»/ 8 Oregon lmprormt. 1
Chicago Alton 151 Preferred... . —
Preierrea. ....... 170 Oregon Navigation. It •
Chicago, li. & U..~ 78iA Oregon Short Lin*. 7 1 ._. ;
Chicago <St E. 111... 41 Pacific Mali 25% ■
Preferred. : «9i^.!Feona, D.& Evana. 2V*
Cbicagouas 67 Pltuburg & W ptd. 16
Cleve Pittabur?. 16 1 Pullman Palace... 157
Consolidation CoaL 0 |t.uicksilver......._ 1 
Consolidated (iaa..l.*>7 ( Preferred...... _ 16
C C C. «fcBU Louis, 3<i. 3 i,paaing j 1 >/.
Preferreu 81 :KloUrande<fcWeKa 18 '
Cola Fuel & Iron.. 28*4 Preferred. M is
Preferred f>6 Bock 1eiana. ...... t>9Va '
Cotton Oil . Cert. ... 133/ KomeWat &Ogdeall.M/4
Commercial Cable. Ist; 1 bt. L. &a. V» ...... 41/,
Del.' Hudson ...... 135%! Preferred. lov£ i
Dfcl.Lack<tWesternl:,9 tt-Paul .. ..._ 763?
Denver «Jtli.U-..^ i2Vi ! Preferred 125 i
Preferred. „ 4i;:t A m. TkuiA Duluto, 23
CietUlers.........^ ,7.'« Preferred 80
beneral jclectrlo... 3334 *•'.. Paul «fc Omatuu 42%
trie - i 4i /4 Preferred 123 -•
Preferred as fct. P. M. &m! US
Fort Wayne leu Silver Certincaies.. 67>/4 i
UreatNorthernDra.lls [Southern Paclfla.. 19
(ireenitay U touinern it. h.... 914 I
Hariem. .296 1 Preferred.... ;... 29V*
Hoc kins C0a1...... 2 ■ bu*ar Rennery....i23
Hocking Valley... 16% Preferred. . . 103
liomesiase 81 Term. Coal A Iron. U6%
11. A Texas Cenu. ay a Preferrca 100
Illinois central.... 9.>V2 1 exaa Pacific.. .. 81/* i
lowa Central. xi A lol.A.A.dt N.Mioii.—
Prelerred. _ 82i' 2 1 01. & Ohio C«n.... 3s
Kansas* Texas., llv* : Preferrea... 73 .
Preferred „ 35% loUSt.Louls* X.CL 6V4 '
Kingston Pern... 3 Preferred m
i-akeEne & We»vn 171/2 Uiiion Pacific 711 !
Preferred ........ 69<£ L if.. Den. & Unit, ' 31/,
Lace bbore... 148 t .B. Cordag»...__ 47*
National Lead-. 25%' Preferred „ 9^2 1
Preferred.:. ....„ tot/.; Gnaranteed.....^, 19
Lonslslana •80 I. B. Express. .._ 40
Louisville & Nash. 49 U. B. Leather. 9
Louisville Co. gi^ Preferred,. «. 63%
-Preferred;.......-. -'0 ■ -. U. & Ruober "■ iftf
Manhattan 104% Preferred. .. ~,H\£
Mempnis <t CharU. 15 UUca&B. River.. 150
Mexican Central... .0 Web. aL. «t Pao.. «ia
Michigan Central.. ,94 Preferred........ 171?
Minn * a. i^..... , Weiis-Fare0.. ...... 97 /4
Preferred.;...;...^ — ! Western Union.. 35
Wlnii. & St. Loom.' lni/4 Wis Central.... ... ■ 1
Ist preferred 77 . W heeling & a.. oii.
• 3d preferred... .» 49 erred... . . 3k
Nisaouri Pacific... 21 Vs Am Cotton OU pfa. . 67»/i
JJobUe* Ohio 16% W U lieef ......... 7^t ,
Nashville Chatt.... 68 Ann Arb0r..:...... ail
National Linseed.. 17 1 Preferred......... 25;
N. j.k.i-uinu ...... lo.'-2 Rroouivn Traction. 2;; i/ A
North American... &3/«jErie 2d pfd ;...... ia:vj
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
CLORINO BONDS.
CP4s.re«r .IOBS 4Si KT2d* 68
Do, 4a coupon... 10S>:>i Do, 4*. •■ ; ■ ' 86
V P4snewreg 117 Mutual Union' 8a... 114
Do, 4s coupon. ..117 Is J Cent Gen 65. ..119
*>«• 2»..... 94% Northern Pao lsta.ll6
fo. 6s .......Ua%i'-Do, 2da...^......114%
Da 6s conDon_..ll2%i Do. Sd« '82
Cherokee 4a. 189b. 100 North west'conaoUt 1 41
£°'?22Z- 100 Do. deb Ba> 107%
Talß9B> 100 ORAN 15ta......100
Do. 1899 ....lOOT BtLAlronMtQenas 7814
reclnc 6s 0f'95.... r~= St LA S F G«n 6s.
C. 3-6 5a 109 V*' Ft Paul Consols ...1S1 7
Ala Class A 4. 106 Ifct. p. c APalsU.llß
Do. Class B 4, 6a. 106 Da Pac Cal >ns.HO
La Consol 45........ 97 Ponthern R. R. 6s. 92
Missouri funding..— Texas Paclflo firsts 90%
X Carollnacoa 6a_ 124 Texas Pacseconds. 22
. •Do. 45.... 101 ii nionPac lstof
Po Carolina 4%5._106 West Shore 4s 105
1 enn new si 84 Mobile A Ohio 45.. 86%
funding dew... 6iy 8 X (JranaeWest lsca 76
f°. «g —. ches AO 6s 1073,4
Do. deferred 85... 6 Atchison 4s , 79V4
■Da tm« rCDts « 6 Da A..« 41
Canada Boutn 104Vj OHAH A 6a.. -105
Cen Pac 10951o''9s lois^ Do. 2d 7a. .......106
rS,* 1101 *1 HO HA Tex Cent 65.. 109
■■s%** 81% Da con 6a 100
*.rie2da....... 65 Reading 4s 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri do ..100™
k« Hen divl 13 •
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN MVKBPOOI*
LIVERPOOL, Em,. May 12.-The spot market
Is lower at 6s 4%d@ss 6%d. Cargoes steady at 27s
, FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
os 3i4d; June, 6s 3%d; July, 5s 3%d; August, 6s
3%d; September, 6s 4d.
BECDBTTIKB.
LONDON, Ess., May 12.-Consols. 111%:
silver, 30 15-1 French Rentes, 102f 82% c.
EXCHANGE AND ' BUIiLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — «4 88^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89^
Sterling Cables ..?... 7. - 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 07%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. %t ounce — 67W»
Mexican Dollars 64% 65
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS—Continue very dull, as
far as spot business Is concerned, and rates are
nominally unchanged, . he chartered wheat fleet
in port has a registered tonnage of 22,200. against
40,H<H) tons on the same date last year. Disen
gaged. 70,500 tons, against 6744: on the way to
this port, 210.864 tons, against 276,500.
WHEAT—The market continues very dull, and
while there is no pronounced decline quotations
are weak, both for spot Wheat and futures.
No. 1, $1 07% » ctl; choice, $1 o«si@i 10: lower
grades, $l(gil 06%; extra choice for mlllim;, $1 15
@1 22%. ■ -. .- " -.x - '
CAI.t, BOABD BALKS.
Informal session- — 10 o'clock—December
300 tons, $1 05%: 1000, $1 065/ 8. . ■
Reoolak Morning Session—December—lsoo
tons. $1 05%; 100. $1 06.
Ajtkbnoosj session — December—2oo tons,
$1 06: 300, $1 Ofli/. Seller '96, new, storage
paid-100, $1 03%.
BARLEY—Brewing continues dull. Feed also
is quiet, but the local jobbing trade keeps spot
stocks down to a manageable point. Feed, 71Vi(<d
73% c; choice, 76c; Brewing, bO@Bsc "
' CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session—lo o'clock—No sales.
Keui-lab Mokninu Skssion—No sales.
Afternoon Suasion — December — 100 tons.
74y 8c: 100, 74c.
OaTS—There is nothing going on outside of the
usual local demand for job lots. Milling, 75<g,8:JVjc;
fancy Feed, 82%@87%c: good to choice. 76@80c; 1
common to fair, 67y2@72%: Gray, 72%@80c; Sur
prise. 90c@$l & ctl.
CORN—Receipts are larger and the market Is
weaker, though not actually lower. Large Yellow,
4(g,91V4c;4(g,91V4c; Small Round do, 97%c®$l : White,
Ss<£9Oe %* ctl.
RYE—lnactive at 76Vi@78s/ic 1» ctl.
BUCKWHEAT—Very dull at 86@90c V ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOCR— Quotations show no change. Net cash
prices are: Family extras, S3 7&@3 85 V bbl:
Bakers' extras. $3 65@3 65; superfine, «2 75@3.
CORN MEAL, . ETC-Feed Corn, 8200,20 60;
Cracked Corn, 21 V ton. *- • "
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10- Ib sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2%c;,Rye Flour. BV4c:Rice Flour.7%c; Corn
meal, 23/<.(£3 c; extra cream do. 3U.c; Oatmeal,
334 c; Oat Groats, 4%c;'Hominy, 4^4%c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%0; Carina,
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, Sc; RolleU Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
6V4C ¥- Ib.
HAY AND FKEDSTUFF9.
BRAN-Is higher at 914 60@16 ft ton.
MIDDLINGS— 9I6^I7 ft ton for lower grades
and 917 60@18 50 ft ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFB — Rolled Barley, 916@18 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, 920 ft ton; Jobbing. 921;
Cottonseed oilcake, 921 ft ton.
HAY— i ealers sell at *he old prices. Receipts
have been moderate for some time. Wheat quotable
at 98<£11 60 fl tou; Oat, *7(£9 fl ton: Wheat and
Oat. 98(ftll: Hurley, 97@9: Alfalfa, «7@9; Clover,
*6<g,7 60: Compressed Oat. 96 5Oto8; Compressed
Wheat, 97@10 60: Stock. f6®7 fi ton.
BTRAW-30&50C ft bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Are weak, dull and unchanged. Bayos,
90c@$l; Small Whites, $1 25@1 40; Pea, $1 25®
1«? ctl; Large Whites. Sl@l 15 Votl: Pinit
85@97%c; Keds, $1 26; BlacKeye. 81 40(3165;
Red .Kidney. *1 60@l 65; Limas, *2 60W2 75-
Batters, $1 40@l 60 for small and $1 25<gj1 50 for
large.
SEEDS— The few offerings are neglected and
prices are largely nominal. Brown Mustard, 81 50
©2 25 ■$ ctl; Trieste. $2<&2 50 ■& ctl; Yel
low Mustard. 81 40@l 50; Flax, $1 70@l 80- Ca
of^'^-'l 40 " 2 tb: A , ltalf - 1 ' "Vi®9%c * ">:" >: Rape,
2 J /2 C «* *; Hemp, 31 2 c V tb.
DItIED PEAS-J1 25<g)l 40 « * lor Nlles and
f 1 -2010,1 46 for Ureen.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— stock continues very firm.
New Potatoes are higher at fl@l 25 $ ctl';
River Burbanks, 45@50c ft cv; Oregon Bur
banks, 65@80c; Oregon Garnet Chiles. 70@85c-
Early Kose, 65@:5c; Petalnma and Tomales 55
@70c ctl: Humboldt Buxbanks. 60@75c %< «l
ONIONS— Are easy at»150@175. New Onions
are firmer at fco@9oc ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 686 boxes As
paragus, 115 boxes Khubarband 324 sacks Peas.
As will be seen receipts are small, owing to the
April frosts, and the market is dull In consequence
though prices rule firm.
Bummer Squash, « 1 60@l 75 <$ box: Egg Plant
18c f> 1b: Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 25 %* box-
Mexican Tomatoes, 75c&$l 25; Cucumbers, 50c
(O.HI ■& dozen: Asparagus, *I@2 f, box for ordi
nary and $2 25@2 75 for extra: Rhubarb, 60r@$l-
Dried Peppers, 7<a>9c: Green Peppers, 10to"l5c-
Green Peas, *1 25<a)l 60 "Q, nack for common and
2y 2 (q,:ic j» tb for Garden; String Beans, 6<&loc Vi Ib-
Horse Beans, 35@50c %< sack; Dried Okra, 12M,c :
new Cabbage, 40c V ctl; Garlic, 4V4®sc 'f. lb.
IJITTEK, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The demand and supply are about
equal and the market rules steady.
Crkamkky — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13y,c
Dairy— Fancy. 18-;; good to choice, 12<ai2iAc:
lower grades, ll@ll%c. ■ " "
CHEESE— Prices seem to be pretty well estab
lished for the moment. Fancy mild new, 7@
7%c "$ tb: common to good, 6i^c; Cream Cheddar.
10@llc» Ib; Young America. B@9c V- tb; West
ern. 10@llc: Eastern. l'.'@l3>^c.
EGGS— Dealers report steady prices, with a
rather better movement. It is the Impression that
the bottom has been touched for this season.
Oregon Eggs, lie "<& dozen; Eastern Eggs, 11@
lJi^c; -tore Eggs, ll@12c: ranch Eggs, 12(3
13 Vic; Duck Eggs, 14@i5c it dozen. .
rOUI/TKY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Eastern- sold at 16c for
Turkeys, $6 for Hens and $5 fjf old Roosters.
Local block is dull and wesK. with lower prices
for moat descriptions. Live Turkeys, l. r xnl6 for
Gobblers, 13(316c for Hens: Geese, f» pair. l|il 25@
1 50: Gosling*. 81 50@l 76; Ducks, f4@s for old
and $4 s()«vti 60 for young: Hens, $3 60(^,4 50;
Roosters.' young, $n 5O(*8: do, old, ti(g;l 50: Fry
ers, f 6 60(56; Broilers. ?4@5 for large and $'J(&3 50
for small; Pigeons, Si 60@l 75 for young and
$1 60(s»l 75 for old.
GAME— Arrivals sell very slowly. Hare, 50®
75c; Rabbits, $1 26 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 %*
aoz for small. *
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
613 boxes, selling at 40c@$l for White and Red
and * I@l 76 9 box for Black. Receipts are much
smaller than usual at this season, owing to the
frosts and late rains.
BERRIES-Recelpts of Strawberries were 233
chests, selling at $7@lo ft chest for Longworlhs
and *5<3,7 forlarce bcrrlen.
. Gooseberries. 35@40c 1* drawer and 4c 9. tb
in sacks for small and ■ 60@73c '& drawer and 5c it
Ib In bulk for largo. ' j
Raspberries, $1 1* drawer. : . ■■
Blackberries from Southern California, «2 25 ft
crate. ■■■.-■•" - i
Ctirrania. 75c®$l t* box. !
CITRUS-FRUITS— Limes are easier. Lemons
are very dull.. .Choice Oranges are steady.
Oranges are quotable at $1 35(ct2 «t box for Seed
lings, $2 50&4 for Navels, $1~76@'J'75 for Malta
Bloods and (L 60@'J 60 for Mediterranean Sweets: >
Lemons, -76c@$l 26 for common and $1 jO'a. 50
for good to choice; Mexican Limes, 96@5 50; Ba
nanas, f 1(J3(- >» bunch; Pineapples, ?3<g,ti ft dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The market for all descriptions, except possibly
Raisins, Is motionless and prices are nominal.
DRIED FJIUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: "
Carload lot*— Applet, l'/a@2c tb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@ivic for cvaDorated :
Peaches. 234(0,10 and 60 for fancy; Apricots, Ui/jCtt
1 8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10($l lc ft
1b for fancy Moornark: Figs, black. 2V s r tor on
pressed;. White • Figs. -4c In sacks: Pears, 7c ■ft
\Di for evaporated halves, 3Va'* tt tb for nuarter.i:
Prunes, 3(a3'/i.-: Plums, Bvftj » It. for pitmrl Hn<i
1 \/?(ci,'lc for unplttt-d; Nectarines. 3>/^(^6c ft Ib for,
prime to choice and 6 'Ac for fancy.
Joubinu Pbickh— Evaporated Apple*. *qt,i y,o
9lb; sun-aried, 1%(3)2c: Peaches, 3@4c and s@6c
for fancy; peeled In boxes. Il<ai2%c: Prunes. 4c
for four sizes, 6@5%c for 40ft«60's and 4 %© 5 c
for 6O@6O's: Apricots. » i V2'«9c for prime to choice
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3%c:
White 1 igs, B@6c: Pears. 8c ft Ib for evapor
ated halves . and - 4<a7 I*c.1 *c. for ■ quarters; - Plums,
3%@4c for pitted and l@l%c for uiipitted; Nec
tarines. 4@sc ■$ n> for prime to choice. ■- :
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, S%c V lb: 3-crown. loose. 2%c: 2
crown. 2c; seedless sultanas, 3%©3 SAc: seedless
Muscatels, 2Vi@234 C - three-crown London layers I
70c 1* box: Clusters, $1 35®1 60: Dehesa clusters.
$2 10@2 2&; Imperial clusters, $2 00©-' 75; Dried
Grapes, n>.
Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown loose, 3%c: 3
crown, 284@3c; 2-crown, 2i4@2%c Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c > ft; Seedless Muscatels. 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75®90c: clusters, $1 60@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50: Imperial clusters, *2 75;
Dried rapes, -— ■ '
NUTS-Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc ft Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l 3c ?l Ib for paper-shell, Job
blng lots; Almonds, 6@7%c * Ib for Languedoc
and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5%
@7c for Eastern and 4W,®5%c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s®6c; Pecans 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-. Filberts B@9c: Brazil Nuts, 9@loc *
tt>; Cocoanuts, 84 50@5 ?l 100. 10@12<Sf» lb for
H<>NEY-Comb lsq notable at 10@12c ft tt. for
bright and B<a<)c % Ib for lower grades: water
white extracted, 5@5%c ** Ib; light amber ex
tracted, 4y 4 @4s.icrdark amber. 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEEbWAJL-26@27VzC * «>•
PROVISIONS.
Dealers report all descriptions dull and • un
changed.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 6c ' ft Ib for heavy, 7c
for light medium, 9c ft tb for light, 100 for extra
light and 12c ft tb for sugar-cured; Eastern sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams, 10c Ib;
Mess Beef, 97 60@8; extra mess do, 98 5009; fam
ily do, $10: extra prime Pork. $8 50@9; extra
clear, $14 ft bbl: mess, $12 ft bbl; Smoked Beef,
10c ft In. ".
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 614 eft ft
for compound and 6*4 c for pure; pails, 7%c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6y 4 c for compound and ttV^c for
oure: half-bbls, 6V4@6%c: 10- lb tins, 71/40; do 6-Ib,
794° f> Ib.
COTTOLENE— es^c in tierces and 7V»o ft Ib in
10-tt» tins. _~
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Prices show no change
whatever. . Heavy salted steers are quotable at
6%@7c ft Ib; culls and brands, 5%@6c %i Ib;
medium. 6%@6c ft Ib; culls and brands, 4%
@sc: light, Be; culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, &c
% tb; cults and brands, 4c; salted Kin. 4c ft lb:
salted Calf, 6@7c; salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 9
r<Sloc; culls and brands . 7%c: dry Kip and Veal.
7@Bc; cuns. s@6c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins, 20<&35c each; Kids, sc: Deerskins, good
Bummer,2s@3oc; medium, ls@26c; winter, 9@loc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool.
'•!o<& 36c each: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about V" c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@3%c; No. 2, 3c:
refined, 6%@5»4c; Grease. 2%c S* ">•
WOOL— Quotations show no change. The market
continues very dull, with little coming in and little
going out. We quote Spring Nevada, 6<a9c; San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c ft &>;
San Joaqnln, foothill, Rood to choice, 1(3>8e; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%@6%c; northern free, 7
@9c; do, defective, 5@6%c ft Ib.
HOPS— There are oileriucs at 2c f( Ib, but buyers
show no disposition to purchase. We quote nomi
nally 2@4c ft Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS - Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10®
A 15; June-July delivery, $4 20@4 25; San Quen
tin, $4 20: Wool Bags, 24%@28%c.
COAL— Wellington, $8 V ton: New Wellington,
$8 ~$ ton: Soutnfleld Wellington. *7 50 1* ton;
Seattle. *5(a5 60; Bryant. $5: Coos Bay. $4 50:
Wallsend, if 6 60; Scotch, *7 50: Brymbo. $7 60:
Cumberland, «13 60 In bulk and 816 in ales:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $11; Cannel, $8:
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley.
$7 60; Coke, $10 50 In bulk and $12 60 $ ton in
sacks.
CANNED FRUIT— No business In the new crop
is vet reported. Old Roods are dull. Apricots are
quotable at $I@l 05 it doz: Peaches. $1 10@l 30;
Pears, fl 25@1 35 ¥* dozen : Plums, 90c@Jl.
CANNED VEGETABLES— Tomatoes.- 80c ft
dozen. 2%-lb tins: Peas, £I@l 26 f* dozen. -
COFFEii— We quote market hrm at:
Costarica— lß 4@2dV4C for good to prime: 17%
@lK%c for good mixed with biack beans; 16*4@
17% c nom. tor fair; 13@16c for common to ordi
nary. '
Palvadob— l7%@lß%c for fair to good washed;
19%@20c for good washed peabenr; 17@17%cfor
superior unwashed: 163,«@16%c for good green
unwashed; 19c for good unwashed oeaberrv.
UITATEMAI.A AND MEXICAN— BOO3I "j^ tt) for
prime to strictly prime washed; ißV2*tl9V2<-' for
good to strictly good washed; 17%fdil8V*c for fair
washed; 16@17c for medium: 14(g)15%c for ordi
nary; 12@14c for inferior to common: 20@21C
for good to prime washed peaberry; 19c for good
unwashed peaberry. •
FlSH— Pacific Cod. catch of 1895: 100- It, cases
quotable at 6c ft tb; 60-n> bundles, 5c ft Ib; Silver
King Strips. 8c f! Ib: Narrow-Gange do. 7c f* tt»;
Tablets, 8c %* Ib; Beabright Block-", 7%c; Pacific
Herring. 18c <•! box: Dutch do, $1(31 25 >l keg;
White Fish, $1 60 In half-bbls and #1 75 in kits:
Tongue* and Sounds, $14; Mackerel, bbls— No. 1,
$30; No. 2, $26: No. 3. #24; half-bbls— 1,
$12 50: No. 2. 911: No. 3, $10; kits, No. 1, 92;
No. 2, $1 60; No. 3, 91 50.
QUICKSILVER— for export at 936®38
1* flask.
OlL— California Castor OU, cases, No. 1, 95c;
bbls. 90c ft gal (manufacturers' rates); Linseed
Oil in bbls, boiled, 48c: do raw. 46c; cases. 6c
more; Lard Oil, extra winter-strained, bbls, 61c:
No. 1, 61c; cases 6c higher; China Nut, $4 50(3.
4 80 ft case.
PETROLEUM AND GASOLINE— Stan
dard Oil company quotes as follows: Water
white Coal till. In bulk, 12% c; Pearl Oil, In
cases 19c; Astral, do, 19c: Star, do, 19c: Extra
Star oil, in cases, 23c: Elaine, do, 24c: Eocene, Jo,
21c; Deodorized Stove Gasoline, in bulk, 14 ] a c:
do, in canes, 20c; 63° Deodorized Naphtha, in bulk,
lS%c: 63" do, in cases, 19c; 86* Gasoline. In bulk,
20c ; 86 do. In cases, 25c ft gal. These prices
show very little change from previous prices.
WHITE LEAD-Quoted at 6%c ~H tb.
BSD LEAD— Quotable at 6%c ft lb.
TURPENTINE— ft gaL
CANDLES— Granite Candles, 6s, 16 or, are
quotable at 9V*c: do, 14 or. B%c; do, 12 or, 73 ■C ;
do, II) oz, 7c; Electric Light Candles, 6s. 16 ok,
8c: do, 14 07.. 7 Vic: do 12 oz, 6%c; do, 10 oz, 5' 2 .-;
Parafline Wax Candles, white. la, 2s. 4s. 6s and
12h, 14 oz, 9c; assorted colors, same sizes. 10c.
LEATHER— Extra heavy sole Is quotable at
26@28c V Ib: heavy Sole, 27c for No. 1 and 25c
for No. 2; medium "So c, 24@26c for No. 1 and
22c ft tb for No. 2; Light bole, 23@24c for No.
1. aml2o<a,2<Jof« Ib for No. 2; Harness, heavy, 30@
35c; do, medium, 28c: do, light, 24(*25c; Rough
Leather, 18<320c; Kips, $40<&45 ft doz; Calf,
70fa.90c: Rough splits. 4@sc
SUGAR— The Western bugar Reflnery Company
quotes, terms net cash: I Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Coniectioneis'. A, 6%c; Magnolia A. 6V«c: Extra
C, -6y s c; Golden C, be: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes %c more. •■ •.'•v=
SYKUP— Golden, In bbls, 16c; Black Strap. 10c
¥ gal. - ■
SAN FRANCISCO j MEAT MARKET.
Another decline In hogs Is noted. They are very
weak. Beef and Mutton are in ample supply.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@sy4C: second do, 4%@
4»/lc; third do, 3%@4c ft tb.
VEAL— Large, 6&6 c; small, 6@7c ft ft.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6%c: Ewes, 4%@5c
ft lb. ■
LAMB— Spring I>amb, 6@6%C ft tb.
PORK— Live lings, 3@.fi.4C t* tb for large and
S'Tt4 r *3y a c for small and medium; dressed do, 4%
®S>V»c V tb. *. ■ ■ " ■ •
WOOD, I.IMBKK, TIES, ETC.
Posts, 9@loc each: Redwood, $5 ft cord; Oak,
rough, 96 50: peeled, 99: Pine, $5 76: Railroad
Ties. 35c apiece for 6xß, 41c for 7xß and 45@50c
for 7x9.
TANBARK-914 ft cord.
Retail prices for Pine are: No. 1 rough, $13@
$17 50 for the different lengths: No. 2, $11; No. 1
Flooring, $21@26; Lath, 92: Redwood. $16 for
No. 1 and $13 for No. 2; Ku!itic,slß@23; Shingles,
common, $1 60; Shakes, *9 %i M.
RECEIPTS OF PRODtCK.
FOR 24 HOURS.
rionr. nr. men 15.9H3iHay, tons. •■ 214
Oregon 612 Butter, ctls 332
wheat, etla 840 Cheese, cils. - 51
Barley. ctU 4,7l6Kggs, doz 11,310
Oats, Or, ctls 665' Hides, no .» 255
Corn, ctls 2.60& Pells, nd1a. ......... 105
Beans, ska, 2,1 19 Wool, bis 222
Potatoes, ska. I.3'Jti Leather, rolls. 69
Oregon 527 Wine, eals 62,400
Onion*, met 240 Quicksilver. Basics 66
Rr»n, nice. 2.175 Lumber. M feet... 20
Middling!, 5ki..... 3yo Raisins, bxs 1,500
THE STOCK MARKET
Another Heavy Day in Mining Specu
lation. ' ■
Yesterday was another lively day In mining
stocks. As usual the heaviest sales were on the
noon Informal session, on which, as a rule, the
best:flgur?vof the day were reached. Chollar
touched $3 05, l'otosl $166, Belcher «1 10, Con
fidence 80. Crown ' Point $1. Hale A Norcross
5-' 25, Ophlr $ 2 66, Occidental $2, r Savage $1,
Sierra Nevada f 1 50, Union *1 25 and Yellow
Jacket 90c. ■ ■
On the afternoon call ' the whole line broke
sharply, as will be seen by the list of sales below,
At the close the market was irregular, but rather
weak than otherwise. \f£B*StS!Z*~i~UUtW&*Ggl*M
- On the Bond Exchange, San Francisco Gas de
clined to 92 Vac and Kdison sold up to SI 18.
■ The weekly report from the Chollar is us follows:
In the south slope on the 460 level and lv the
opening above crosscut 2 they; are sloping: In the
pay ore lying to the east of the old ground, and are
assorting the fillings, all of fair- grade. In the
winze below the 450 level they are following a
streak of good ore 4 feet In width. From these
points- they saved during ; the past week 96
tons and 1800 pounds of on-, the average top car
sample of which was 9'i9 67 per ton. This ore
they are accumulating In the bins. They. are re
pairing. in the main incline and in the airway up
through me tunnel level. .
In the Potosl mine the raise from the south
I store on the 460 > level is now up . sixteen
floors, or 114 feet, seven feet having been made
aince In t report.'- The lop is- in vein \ material
giving assays of from $5, to $8 per ion. On thu
«50 a level the west drift - from tho shaft in
opened 466 feet. 16 feet having been repaired and
rutiinbered the last week. ,; On the tunnel level tho
rals* from the west crosscut Is now 49 fert. 14 fppi
having ticcn added the past week. Tli« top Is In
qunrtr. giving assays us high as f2O per ton.
The annual meeting of the llutcblnion Hugar
Plantation Company was held 'yesterday and the
old directors and officers, with C uus Spreckels as
president and E. H. Sheldon as secretary, were re
elected. The past year has been a prosperous one
tor the company, and it has a surplus in its treas
ury of $100,000. The estimated crop of sugar on
the plantation for this y ar Is 6000 tons, which is
valued at $70 per ton. | The expenses are nomi
nally $20,000 per month. ■■ The asset* of the com
pany are valued at about $1,931,000 and the lia
bilities are only $651. The company is in such a
prosperous condition that the rat*» of monthly div
idends has been Increased from 15 to 26 cents per
share, - one of the latter amount being declared,
payable May 20. -
A full account of the Hale A Norcross decision
will be found In the local columns; also the de
tails of the Atkinson failure.  '
Assessments rending.
' Following Is a list of assessments now pending:
Co-MTAvrr.
No.
Am t. In the
Board.
Sale Day.
Bullion
Gould <fc Curry
Challenge ......
Caledonia.
Crown Point
Occidental
Utah
Alpha
P0t051....
Mexican
Savage
Overman
Alia
Silver King
47
78
21
46
67
M
2-'
16
45
54
B.
7&
62
14
I
10. Apr 18 .May
■••16|.Apr'25.May
. OS.AprS" .May
o.' May 2. May
20|May 3. May
lOlMay 31. May
-May 4 May
06 May 7 .June
20!Mayl0 .June
20|May24l.June
- 20. 1 lie ll. June
10.J oe - June
lO.Jne 4 .June
•JS.Jue 7. July
14
■ 20
20
27
26
28
27
2
4
1H
23
2 ft
SO
14
lIOAICK SALKS.
Following were the saio* "» the San Franol»o»
.Etocc Board yesterday;
REOHI.AB HOENINH SESSION 1 CO»OtBKCI!fO 9:30.
800 Alpha. _.. 1700 Con 1m..04 1350 Overmn.2s
300 . 30 100 Contt ...1.65 860 P0t051...1.60
100 34 150 1.70 100 1.45
150 Alia. 18350 CrwnPt.. Bo7oo ..........1.40
100 .20.100 ............. 81 450 Savage 95
300 Andes 62 100 ; 83 ; 400 94
401) . ..;....... 60100 Exchqr...'.l4 850 —...98
600 51IV00 12200 96
100 Belcher!.. 80 200 U AC... 1.301200 1.0.1
100 81500 ... 1.35460 97
800 82100 1.26100 Scorplon..o9
200 841600 H&N..2.00 560 »eg 8e1....26
MO 85 100 2.051300 27
250 83 300 Julia 25 1200 28
500 B A i5..1.6u 300 Justice... 2o 2oo 29
300 1.66 sOOKentuck..lO4OO 30
300 Bodie 76 600 Mexcanl. 15300 S Nev..1.35
200 Bonanza,. 2s 200 1.10350 ........1.40
200 8u11i0n... 36i350 1.20 20 1.50
150 32800 ......'...1.00 1005UHU1....07
60 Caled. 16:450 1.05 26 J Uui0n..1.20
200 Cnallge...6i 400 Mono 16 400 1.16
60 B5 1100 NG A C.22 400 Utah 24
650 Ch011ar.. 2.70 500 0cc1d....1.95 100 25
350 .........2.76 500 ...:._..2.U0i1(K1 V Jackc..76
5000 ConNY.os'_'ooODhlr... 2.6o soo 75
800 CCAV.. 3.30350 2.65800 ....78
100 ...3.25:460 ...2.50 200 — .77
. ArTKBNOON SKBSIOK— 2: 30.
100 Alpha 31,150 Cha11ng...57800 0ph1r... .2.20
200 ....; 331350 CCAV...3.201-'OO 2. 15
100 Alta. 17 100 3.15!6000vrmn....25
200 Andes 45 60 ..3.2ft 200* 23
200 47 60 C0nn... .1.60 600 P0t051..1.35
300 8e1cher... 92 60 1.55300 1.30
100 94 1100 C 1mp. ..04 400 Savage.. ..92
200 ...........95 400 03 600 90
200 93 100 C P0int... 78 100 91
760 B A 8.. 1.6011000 80 400 Scorpion. lo
400 1.60 100 Excnqr... l32oo See 8et... 28
50 1.55 1300 A C.1. 10 300 2B
600 Bodie 80 200 1.15 100 ....27
200 Bullion ....2H 200 HAN. ..1.85 400 Nev..1.25
500 27 100 ].90'20H Union.. 1.00
300 26900 1.80,100 94
100...... 29850 U. 76300 95
300 801wer.... 40,400 Mexican.. 93 400 .....93
100 Caleda..-16 1000 90 201) Utah 20
800 Ch011ar.. 2.3& 100 94 600 17
500 2.50 450 Occdtl.~l.9o 300 16
600 2.45 100 1.80 160 V Jackt.. 72
200 -2.25 360 1.85,200 73
300 2.401100 0ph1r... .2.261 ■
following were tne aates in the Paclflo atooK
£ot>rd yekterday: .
AFTERNOON' SESSION—
100 Alpha .32,100 CCA V...3.25|150 0cc1d....
100 Alta 20 300 3.20550 1.75
100 19400 3.15 50 1.85
; 200 Andes. ...4B 60 ........ 3.07 V& 100 0vrmn....24
550 50160 ....3.01) 300 P0t051.,1.35
700 8e1cher.... 85 160 ...- 3.05 300 1.30
400 86:500 Con 1mp.. 04(250 1.25
400 87 160 C N V.... 051200 Savage..
100 .... ....... 90500 Crwn Pt...85 400 90
100 93 100 U A 0..1.20 97
800 92200 1.15 600 .85
100 BAB-..1.65J100 -1.10500 89
200 1.60100 1.07 200 b8AM..'..29
200 1.40 HAN.. 200 _ .-.'B
800 Bodie 70300 1.82Va 27
200 75 200 I. HO 300 25
100 70200 1.76350 9 Nev\.l.2s
100 77llOOJulia.. 35 ! 200 1.30
160 8u11i0n... 200 Justice. ...20 150 .1.22%
100 34 400 Kentuck..UP7oo 1.15
100 40100 10300 Union CI.OO
100 Bulwer-..35 250 L Wash 05300 .90
1000 40400 Mexican. .96 400 «2
150 Caleda... 15500 - 95 100 Utah ..-20
300 Cha11n«...68»00 9 is 200 18
450 Ch011ar. 2.65 250 Ophlr. -.2.35 100 17
250 2.57Vi. 60 2.32^500 YJaoKel..72
400 2.50 100 U.3U 100 .....74
200 ...2.40 60') 3.26 300... -....73
300 .-. 2.46400 2.221,2200 67
160 Coufl.. ..1.2 5 400 .-2.101
U-UMNi. QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY, May 12-4 p.m.
Bi*.Atkrtl\ .'.', SH.A%k4d.
Alpha C0n..'... 30 32 Jackson. ..._ 40 —
Alia 17 20|Jnha ...... ~ — 25
Andes _ 42 44jJnsllce ....... 20 22
Belcher 87 90Bentucc ...» 08 10
But A Baicnez: 1.60 1.65' Lady Wasb. 14 06 i
BodJe... „ 80 —Mexican 92 94
BentonOon.... 15 —.Mono ; .. 15 —
Bnllion ;....„ 29 30 Nevada U'ueea. — 05
Eulwer m 39 40 Occidental..... 1.85 1.90 '
Caieaonia....™ 15 17Ophir ......... 2.15 2.20 I
Choljar 2.40 2.45 Overman ..._ 23 25
CbaUemreOon. 55 60 Potosl 1.30 1.35 '<
Con. Cal. A Va. 2.95 3.00 bav»ire ... 82 83 I
Con. lmpenat. 03 04 t-ejt. iJtrlcaor... '.'ti -28
Confidence...- 1.50 1.60 blerra Nevada. 1.10 1.15 I
Con. New 05 — (-corpion ... 10 11
Crown Point... 80 82 silver Hlif."... 04 06'
EMtSierrmN«» — 06 Union 88 89
Exchequer. 11 12; Utah.;.. ... is 18,
Gould A Curry. 1.25 ' 1.36 Yellow Jacket. 68 70
llai«<k,JSurcrs.l.7O 1.751 ; ■ ' • -
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. May 12-8 p.m.-.
rKITKB STAl'«fl Hn.<j»i
*■".;;.•.% £i<f. A feed.] ' ' Bid. A'*-J.
O P»4seonp..loßi' 8 — U B4» reg... 10f>y 109
Do, ntw 1a... 110^4'*- I .
;. MiNCKi.i.AVKotr* nnvoi
fal-stCMoSs. — 113 IDa 3d fss As. — —
Cal Klec L 6s. — l2»Vi| PAO Ry 105 120
CntraCWSs. B6i/a 98 |P«feChßv6s. — 107'
Dpnt-st ex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6s. — 116' 3
KdanLAP 6s. — 122 Mi Reno. WLAO — ■ 105
FACH lUttis. 105 V* — River Cotfs — 100
Gearv-stKss. 101 — !>actoP A L.. - 102 Vi
LosAnaLtta. - 103 £FANPKKSsIO2\ 8 —
Do.Unted.6s. — 103 IbPUKArlztls — 97Va
Mkt-atCWe6sl23 - bPRR Cal6»» lOBV%UI
Dolly Conss.. 1051^106 f-PiUl Colas.. - —
NevCNgß7s. 95 105 bVßrßCalds. 98S/ 8 101 '
NPCRR6S. - 107 t>VWater6i..llßT'
KRyCal6s.lO2 106 bVWater4s... 99Vs 99V*
KB? Cal 6s. — 100 SttanUAEtfs — - 101
Oak Gas 55.. 100 104 Va SunstT&TSa. 100 —
to. 1U Iss 6s. 103 Vi — Sutter-slßss.lU7Va —
Omnibuses.. 119 — VlaallaWCd* — 94
PacKollUtb.. - — ' ■ •
A T * H STOCK*.
Contra Costa 4014 40i/ 2 Jose...;. 76 100
MarlnCo.... 60^ - |SprtnsVaU«7 991 a 9914
• *• STOCK i
Capital. — 36 1 Pacific Light. 46% 4**
Central ...... OS — Hanrrancaoo 92 l ,» 92 ; «4
OakOLAH. 61 62 Va Stockton. .... — . |fs
PacOaslmp. 85% 86 \ . "
 : ■ R\.V < l£ iITOOK*. "
riremanaFd.l7oy 8 — |5un"....1....".. -*•»' ?>? > _ :"--'
' f"0MM.....1A1. KAVK RTO'K*.
AmerBATO. — — LondonPAA.l2BVil29
Anglo-CH ... 61 69 LondonASl?. — 27Vi
Bank of Cat. »39 242 Vi Merch Ex-.. VI —
CaISDATCo- 6» 64 Nevada. ;.. M — —
FlratNaUonLl7B 182 bather B o*. — ',- — '.'
branKers — — . —. I , -
SAVIXOS BANK STtHJK*.
P*rs,tLCo..)4l. r > — ■ IBnvALoan.. — 100
HumbSAL.llOO 1450 Security.:..- - 260
Mutual. . ... 37% — Union Trust. — 810
bFSavUnloD — 486 | . - . .
STBKKT HAILKOAT) «TOCKV
California.... — 110 Oak.SLAHa/ - • 100 •
Geary-at 66 75 'Presidio ..-. 7»A 10
Market-st..- 45% 43 iSutter-sc. - —
..« nR STOCK i.
Atlantic 0... 16% 17*4 Jndson _ — '•'; — '
Eastern D... BO 90 .Olant. 231', 24V«
California.... 80 115 Ivigont. Soc 95c
UI>CKLI.A.\"vnr« ,T, T >-•• r u
Alaska Pkrv 96 96%iOceanicSSOo — 30
BlkDCoalCa . — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 _
CalCotMUls.. — — lac Borax... 98 100
CalDrvDoclc — — ■ Pacldt.VCo. — • 80 •
KdisonLlght - 118% Pacßoll MUM — _
UnaConAsao. — — ParfPalntC* at-- 714
Ger Lead Co. 85 J — PacTransC* _ " 24
HawCASCo- 18% 19 lacTACUa 65 70
HutchSPCo- 26 26V4 fcunsetTAl'.. 41 —
JndsonMfgU — — - iVullSdCO*. — , 26
MerKxAsanlOO 110 i
1 SALES— IfIIRNI.VU tniSIOS
. Board—- , . ■ .
60 Contra Costa Water .../ 39 00
i» do -io"'i 0 "' :•••••' ■..........:... 39 60
80 do .do ■ - ........". ;.... 40 00
25 Hmchinson 8 Co. 23 871 A
100 Hawaiian Commercial is K7i?
100 do do .............;.;........ 18 75
20 Mark«»t-st Railway.. .....' 45 50
60s v Water.......'. ...-.....; 99 26
$5000 8 V A N I 1I 1 Hallway Bonds.. , 102 26
. street— • . ' ■ .
$50003 V *% 80nd5.".'.....'..*;......' 99 25
BAI.KM— AFTKHIfOOX KXS«rO\'. '
Board— ••,.••
60 Contra Costa Water.. 40 60 -
100 i-.iilson Light A Power C 0... jib 00
-.> Hawaiian Commercial ...' m hti
100 Hutcnlnson B PCa:v;;.v^.U,"i M: s .aS to
100 do do ::::;:i:HE .8553*
ao do do .::..:.::::::"■ a" Jo"
:6o^^h&;:::::::;:::::::::- g§sg.
-103 8 V Water ......... 09 35
*IOO(I SV 4% Bonds... I. "....*• SSiau.
Moooa F A A P Hallway 80nd5......'.". 102 26
> -'■ Ml ri'Kt — ...
80 Alnnka Parkers' AKgoclatlo'n .' 90 2»
, HnCotitru Costa Water.......... •. 40 iin
• 50 liiucliliison 8 PCo ua Jin
100 Mnrkei.»t Hallway...;^ ...... '.'."" 45 50
■6000 a F A N 1» Hallway 80nda .•.".*.•." 103 25
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
OwrnMcHiiKhtodiarles A. Sullivan, lot ou N
line of McAllister street. 137:6 E of Lott, E 87:6
by N 137:6: also lot on N lineof McAllfsterstreet.
100 W of Lyon, N 137:6 by W 37:6: $10.
'- George S. and . Flora Graham to Harrison A.
Jones, lot on E line of Cherry street, 127:81/4 N of
Sacramento, N 25 by B 137:6: also lots 23 and 24,
block 4, Falrmonnt Extension Homestead: $10.
John J. Norton to Bridget Norton, lot on E line
of Dolores street, 126:6 N of Nineteenth, N 26:6
by E 110: (rift.
London and San Francisco Bank (Limited), by
G. Frtderlcb. attorney, to John C. and Agnes Wil
son, lot on Nh) corner of Battery and Vallejo
streets, N 183-.4 by E 137:6; *5.
John C. and Agnes Wilson to London and San
Fraucisco Bank (Limited), lot on . NE corner of
Vallejo and Uattery streets, N 183:4 by E 137:6;
?5. ...,.■ ■:--.,
Solomon Wood to Sarah A. Wood, lot on E line
of Kearny street, 118 S of Pine, S 19:6 by E 67:6;
Ellen M. Brown to Martin J. Kehoe, lot on N
line of Bernard street, 206 E of Leavenworth, E
23 by N 60; $10.
Solomon Wood to Sarah A. Wood, lot on N line
of Geary street, 37:6 E of Hyde, X 25 by N 87:6;
gift. ■■ • ■ ... ■ •
Henry P. P. West to Charles 8. West, lot on S
line of Ellis street, 137:6 E of Larkin, E 68:9 by S
137:6; $10. -
Sadie Harris to Etta Harris, lot on NW line of
Park Lane south, 194:1% NE of Third street, NE
26. NW 97:6, SW 21:6; S 35:1%. SE72:4S/ 8 : $10.
John E. Hellmann to Richard \V. Hellmann, lot
on NW line of Bran nan street, 105 SW of Sixth,
8W25 byNW 75; $10. "
sol and Dora Gets to James Kessack, lot on W
line of Nineteenth avenue, 224 N of California
street, N 26 by W 120: $10.
H. A. and Clara W. Jones to George S. Graham,
lot on \V line of First avenue, 200 of Point Lobos,
25 by W120; $10.
Solomon Getz to Elizabeth Crotty, lot on W line
of Ninth avenue, 175 a of X street, 525 by W
120; $20. -'
Mary A. Daley to Bridget Daley, lot on N W line
of Cortez street, 25 SW of Flgueroa, SW 25 by NW
70, lot 1596. Gift Map 3: $10.
Bridget Daly to Mary A. Daly, lot on S line Of
Parker street, 156 X of Columbia place, E 26 by S
100: also lot on S line of Parker street, 180 E of
Columbia place, S 100 by E --'6; also lot on W line
of California avenue, 200 N of Prospect place, N
100 by W 38, 1* V lot 206: also lot on W corner of
Cortez and Kigueroa streets, SW 25 by NW 70. lot
1579. Girt Map 3: 810.
James and Bridget Meazher to Samuel F. Weeks,
lot on N line of Crescent avenue, 450 W of South
avenue, W 26 by N 100, block 5; also lot on SE
corner of South and Rlchland avenues, S V 5 by
E 100. block 8; also lot on 8 lineof Ricbland
avenue, 450 W of S avenue, W 25 by S 100. block
6: $10. •
Eliza O'Rorke to Lizzie O'Rorke, lot on W line of
London street, 350 N of China avenue, N 50 by W
100, block 1. Excelsior Homestead ; $5.
Same to Michael O'Rorke. lot on W line of Lon
don street, 100 H of China avenue, N 50 by W 100,
block 1, same: $5.
Same to James O'Rorke, lot on W line of London
street, 300 N of China avenue, N 50 by W 100; $5.
Helen Siryblng and Adolph Hochstein. admin
istrators of the estate of C. 11. Strybing to Emma
Graham, lot on the W line of Miguel street, 200
NE Mount Vernon avenue, NW 103:6 by NE|BO,
lots 52 and 53. San Miguel Homestead; $300. -
I Helen Stryblng to Emma Graham, same; $1.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Annie J.
God bold, ci^ot lot in plat 41, Avenue Plat Sec.
ALAMEIiA COUNTY.
Emily E. Barstow to Adelheid Tobbenboske, lot
on SW corner of West Eighteenth and Chestnut
streets, W 120 by S 61, Oakland: $10.
Timothy J. Moymhan to James Aitken, undi
[ vided half Interest in lot on N W corner of Oakland
I or Railroad avenue and Cedar stieet, W 100 by
N 100:4Va. being lots 5 to 8. block 43, laiidn ot
Oakland point Railroad Ferry Landing tract 406,
I Oakland; $5.
Emily E. Barstow to George D. Toy, lot on E
line of Filbert street, 154:6 S, of West Fourteenth, S
I 40 by E 125, block 570, Oakland; $10.
I.i roy G. Harvey tc same, same, Oakland, qtiit
: claim deed; $10.
Wells, Fargo <£ Co. to William W. Chllds, lot on
U line of Knox avenue, 792.97 W ot Telegraph, H
182.99, W 40, N 190.17, E 40.68 to beginning,
being the W 30 feet of lot 22 and E 10 feet of lot
23, Knox Park, Oakland: $10.
J. W. and sallle H. Richards et al. to Eva With
row, lots 1 and 2, block 7, Daley's Scenic Park,
Berkeley: $10.
Laura G. Hall (wife of W. F.) to Frank M. Wil
*on. lots 9 and 10, block 1, resubalvision of por
-1 tiou ot T. M. Antiseli's map of villa lots, Berkeley;
$10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
H J TTup'.maun. sacto Miss Howard, Chicago
W X Oliver & w, BO J siausoii * w, Los Ang
WWo 'drow, San Jose W Whit >, Chicago
O A Brown, Salt Lake J Byrne, Los Anee.es
W A bailey, Denver E Ripley, Ix>s Angeles
H Osborn, Chicago C Itipley, Boston
J Benson, Toledo, Or E Chambers, Los Ang
L L Colburn, ( hirago W F Oriius eid, Cairo
A R L'ron, Chicago T Rellmton, Mintou
i; (iraliam, Los Angeles P ■ >odfn?y, Grand Rapids
C Hibbett, U S N J Benson. Toledo
C Clark, Aurora, 111 . Mrs A M Benson, Toledo
J li Peaks, Stockton Miss C Benson, Toledo
W Hurlburt, Portland Mrs Kirkwood, Toledo
O 1 rimaw. Pans Miss Lettier, Toledo
Q W Keei, Salt Lake Count Nako, Japan
J A Muir, Los Angeles E Beckett, M il,i 1 , London
H (i Weil, NY ES Plant, N V
L Graham <fe w. Chicago Mrs Locke, N V
11 X Wide & w, Los Ang E C Hughes, Seattle
Dr Bogert & w, U 8 N Mrs Hughes, Seattle
R Fulyora & w, V V Gen Williams & w, Wash
E Kan c. i & w, Col Spgs F A Chapman, Colo
J s Mortou, Nebraska D A Sweet, St M
J R Mortou <few. Chicago G W Sarcent, N M
P Morton Aw, Chicago Miss C Morton, Chicago
Miss P Morton, Chicago Miss L Morton, Chicago
N B Abbott&w.Columbs H L Kahn i w, Atlanta
G P lodceA vale-, N V W Vernon. Liverpool
R W Tata it vlt. Bombay Gen yon Thumun A wf,
R T Crane Jr, Chicago Germany
J W Hall, N V* W P Palmer, Pittsburg
II W Harris, N J E Dan. Columbus
D J Boiißfleld, Or Mrs A Parker.Melbourne
Miss Parker. Melbourne Mary Parker, Melbourne
J B Koch, NY' T Simmons* w.Calcutta
T Kehoe, New Zealand J Sebastian, Chicago
J Funnell. Tehama J Funnell Jr, Tehama
Mrs Locke. Chicago R L Plant, Chicago
R-Burge>B, Pittsburg II P starbuck. Colo
J Proctor, NY' J Lambie, N V
J T Maclean, NY A J Ilechtman, Sacto
W D Shea, NY T A Keek, Orange
GRAND HOTEL.
0 A Swisler, Piacerville J C Tice, Stockton
W Nichols <few, Dutch FT F Mouitou, Colusa
X C Bedell, Col nsa L Wcgner & w, .Merced
C P Morrison, ArbucUle E M hurst, Angels Camp
C Z He bent, Salinas Miss E M Moore.Oakland
F E Davis, SiMita Paula R II Cowlis &w, Nevada
C Hotchkiss, Taooma F J McMahon, at Paul
M B Martin. Pacheco W H Lorlng, Stockton
J C Orlder, Stockton Mrs C B Lane, Yuma
J R Taylor. Sac S E 1 1 olden, Napa
Dr E shields, Cat R Ellis, Sunol
C E Putnam, Cal R C Bunck, Stockton
C B Morrison, Arbuckle E W Beebe, Porterville
C N Armstron g, Cal Miss N C Caslock, Cal
Miss Roberts, /ort Jones A H Hart, N V'
H Tuiin, salt Lake E J Pemberton, 111
Miss E Pemberton, 111 Miss M J Metz, 111
T Clark. Piacerville Mrs I H Douglass. N V
Mrs S X Dougherty, Cal D R B Sellers, Kureka
Mrs A Clark, Hongkong Mrs J A Martin, Cal
W P Butter, Chicago Mr* T D Hughes, Cal
C F Eckton, Folsoni W I Hodden, Oakdale
C W Stone. Los Ang Mrs 3 A Cooper, L'kiah
A T McSorley, Cal T A Cody * w. Sacto
J L Murry.G'hico A T J Reynolds, Cal
E W Nettleton, Cal
LICK HOUBE.
E A nender, Lidell J L Best, Los Angeles
Jl Hover, San Jose J W Robertson, Livermre
D A ladle, Livermore J P Haynes, Kureka
C S Ricks. Eureka A A F Ricks, Eureka
HM t lenden, Kureka 1 Culburg &f, Arcata
Fr.mk McGowen. Eureka W R Cauthers, Staßosa
Raleish Barcar.VacavlUeA P Rickey, Ph'ila
]>r H R Arndt.San Die^oMarla B Averill, S Diego
J N Moore <£. wf, Cal MraG G Briggs.Davlsvlle
W A Hay, Cal F X Roberts. Santa Crus
L A Whltehurst, Gilroy W A Clark <ft wf, Cal
T C Gorrle, Sonora F A Franclsca, N V
Mrs W B Durfee, Mass Mrsß Durfee.Mass
C M Jackson, Stockton B H Upham, Martinez
Q Sauling, Stockton G P Davis & f, Stockton
A James A wf, Los Ang P C Walker, Jackson
W J Healy <6 f. Omaha Mrs P Jameson, Cal
J C Betts Af, Jackson Mrs Jackson, Monterey
V M Peterson, Sac G D Mayne A w, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
C E Conner, San Diego •J T Porter, San Diego
F Bather, Clinton. lowa O Mlllen. Clinton, lowa
J A Evans, Vancouver 6 H Taylor, Vancouver
G W Bachman, Chicago J McHenry, Santa Maria
X Barnes, NY . . J Smith, Michigan
W H Ktrby, Riverside J A Moore, Ontario
W J Dowley, Los Banos A s Crulcher, Fresno '
Mrs Dully, Stockton X W Burnev, Fresno
c V Parson, Fresno • W B Peck, Fresno - - ' s '
X Bumey, Fresno C W Barber, Kern
M Mccarty, Stockton 1) J Pomnel, Vacavllle
T s Knowles, Ontario R Wilson, NY
FGMorrison KnightsLdg L Montgomery. La
H C Tnckson.HedwodCty • Grange
G .°, J . ohnson> Eureka T McConnell, Elk Grove
Mr CloskeyAwf, Mohave
BALDWIN HOTEL.
7- % SCg^T ll1 — A A Brown, San Jose
«• J°i ho s - N V X T Rogers San Lucas
W B Johnson, NY D Kyser A w. Napa
> Luckenback. N V Miss Kyser, Napa
J.. I ; c , m . m " n - Boston G Hill. Boston
„. .H.. H . * a i k> Boston « Rosslter. Los Ang
xY. " " lark *w. Stockton H Coons. New Orleans
n Clark ' Stockton S Van Syckel, N V
C T Bevallo, Chicago J Morton A w, Cal
T V 1 Valentine. N v T Relchtrt, Cnl
Or W. cope, Pleasauton O C Shuitze, Dlxon '
v A am ?•■ Sft^ i ose H ° Moss ' Stockton
W\S right, bactO . --.: Mi S8 R OS H,NY
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
V u-°i?,?' Sacr » i J Olsen, U S N
J W Klisworth, &1 „ ' 7 **'***' Ft Sherman
1 lloaberg A w.Berkeley Miss A Acklcv. cal
J Hn, " f ''if Ule E Klelfls . An K«'s tamp
J T mm! Detro ' 1 , J A Russell, Detroit 1
"i- v- m i'. Vr '" >< '? envillPT M »"erson, San Bruno
. m tMIt Ml ' l<llr .Montrvallt Kenwood, New York
J McDonnell n V v a Arthur, fcan Jose
\\- «V m ' \ l f " 8 'r, " Stewart, Angels Camp
T sf,?iK?; C r' Ppe , Creek v M » ld0 " n ' Denver
T hulll van, , Leadville -
OCEAN STEAMERS
ten o
Departure From Si\n Francisco.
BTKXMKR- 11)K»T1 1)K»T INATIOy. | BAILS. [ FIKB.
»»r»n00.... i i aaulna Bay.. (May 13, Pam: Pier
*«'»aKo*».. Ban Dt««ro... . iMaylS.llA* nor
**•«© ...'..; coot Jdair....;. MayIXIOAM Her H
BUuor. 081 rortlana |Ma\IB.IUAM I'terii
\\epou...,; Kel Kiv«r IMayU. V*M fler IS
Loos Hay....l Mexico !M»vl3,lUa)i Bd»T 2
lomona.;;.. aumbol<ltiia»!MaVl.\ tru Pi«rß
Ltnatllia.... Vlc*F«Bnd Maj-14. 9am Pl«f»
« l 1'aui...... N.woort .. . Ma>'lb. »AV,fi«rU
';; m l 1 ! Oregon ports.. May 16. ii-x l ! cr iT
C0r0na...... Diego..... Mayl7,llAV Werll
Colombia;.. Panfttna.... ; Maylß.l'i M|P M 8
Columbia;.. Portland ...... MkvlH.lOam; Tier 24
Arcata...... Oregon ports.. M»"v 19. W* «
CllrPuebla.. Vic&P«tsnn May 13. *>*» Per ß
China........ china* Jiuii. May-'O. 3pm PMB 8
THE CALL CALENDAR
May, 1896.
Su. Mo. Tu. W.
3 V 6 tf
10 11 12 13
17 18 19 20
24 25 I 26 27
Z\_ !
Th.l Fr.lSa.
in. jmt. a&. Moon-.Ph,^]
12~ " '
ft*; I*1 '*" 1 Quarter.
J7__B_ 9 —
ii 16 ii €> % M a^2.
_
21 22 23 /~s)Flrst Qul^J
— —S^ May 18.
28 129 30 " 1
" (*\ Pan Moon. I
\^S May 26.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steam sb
KOM
I DUC
jtl'aul Newport. _ ..May 13
A'ashtenaw Tacoma Mayla
Empire...;...... Portland.... May 14
scent City... Crescent City- Hay U
Jorona San Diego. Mavis
Jlty or PueDia. . Victoria & Pnget Sound Ma',- I■>
C01umbia....... Portland Slav 15
'My of Sydney. Panama Mai-
kuatratia. .'.-.... Honolulu Slav
Pomona. Humboldt Bar... ..Maylg
Mackinaw !'rncom» ..:,;■,;. 17
I'ruckee I Tlllamoolt ..May 17
KureKa -.. Newport May 17
\rcata i Portland....; , M a ' :i
Weeotc !Eel Klver "Ma»i7
ian Bias Panama I Maria
Araro.... coos i»ay „ .May to
Eania K05a...... Han Diezo- ..Mayifl
Beigic ......... China and Japan ' May iq
North Foru Hum bold Bay May 10
Aliceßlancnardi Portland May 1"
IV alia Wa11a. ... : Victoria Puget Siouno ..May 20
State of ... I Portland . .. . ;. Mav "0
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
U. 8. Coast iks Oeodktio Bubvbt Tid«->
BCIXKTIV PUBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL ]
ArTHOBITT OF THI SBPEBISTKNDKXT. i
Wednesday Maj- 13.
onrlsM fi.oo .Moon rises. ...
•Un seia 7. 13; Moon sets
PM
May— lß96.
I Hl^l Feetll!^ Feet Jl^l\ n* 11^1 Fe«
3, 6.061-0.5; 1.35 3.5 5.241 2.2 11.171 S«
4 6.45 -0.71 '-'.25 3.4 6.06 2.5 11.47! 6.7
5 7.JH -0.8! 3.16 i 3.3 6.48, 1 2.7 ..
H W ! Feet L W Foet H \V Feet L W Fcpj
6; 0.251 5.7: 8.11 -1.01 4.06 3.7| 7.461 3 i
7! 1.10 5.3 9.00 -0.8 454 4 1 9.00 JU
8 '2.19, 4.6 1 9.52-0.6 5.3* 4.H 10.24 •' H
.9! 3.44 : 4.4 10.47 -0.1 ! 8.17 4 7 1.44 J «
Note— In the aoove exposition of the tides thn
early morning tides are eiv«n in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second tlm»
column gives the second tide of the day, '.he tlnr 1
time column the third tide, and the last or riglr
hand column gives the last, tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to thn
soundings on the United States Coast .Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractiva
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch H,TDBO«BArHio Orviam, V. 8. X • •>
Merchants' Excha.v»«. V
i?*N- FitANcisca May 12. 189 a )
The time ball on. Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120ta
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. * Greenwich tima.
' A. F. FECHT
Lieutenant U. 3. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
TUESDAY', May 12.
Br stmr China, Seabury, 26 days 15 hour*
from Hongkong via Yokohama 16 days, 19
hours, via Honolulu ft days and 19 hours; pass
and mdse to P M S H Co.
StmrUeo Loomis. Bridgett, 40 hours from Ven
tura: 6320 hbls oil, to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, 60 hours from Hue
neme; produce, to Erlanger & Oalinger.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 16Va hours from Eureka;
pass ami mdse, to Goodall, Perkins <£ Co.
Ship Columbia, Nelson, 7 days from Departure
Bay: 2413 tons coal, to R D Chandler.
g Haw ship Roderick Dhu. Roct 19 days from
ilo: 19.6 .-3 bags sugar, to J D Spreckels A Broa
Co: 1850 bags sugar, to Williams, Dimond A Co;
292 bdls green bides, 10 bdls sheepskins and 3
bdls goatskins, to C H Daly.
Ship John A Briggs. Balch, 141 days from Balti
more: 3001 tons coal, to John Rosenf eld's Sons.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, 17 hours from Albion;
lumber, to J S Kimball.
Scbr Sparrow, Dart, 2 days from Eureka;
lumber, to J R Hanify.
Cleared.
TUESDAY, May 12.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins A Co.
stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Xanalmo, R
Dunsmuir A Sons.
Stmr Doric, Smith. Yokohama and Hongkong,
na Honolulu: O4OS»co.
Brig W G Irwln, Smith, Honolulu; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
Schr Jennie Wand, Christiansen, Kahulnl; Alex
ander & Baldwin.
Sailed.
TUESDAY, May 13.
Stmr North Fork. Hansen, Eureka.
Stmr Gipsy. I.eland. Santa Crui.
Br stmr Doric, Smith, Yokohama and Hong
kong.
.StmrCuspar, AnOndsen, Caspar.
Stmr City of Everett, Buckman, Nanaimo.
ltal ship E Raggio. Sanguinettl, Liverpool.
Schr Moonligh', Spencer, Marianne Island.
Schr Newark. Beck, Bowens Landing.
bchr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, Kabnlul.
Pchr J G Wall, Gallup. Eureka.
Schr W S Phelps, O'Farrell, Mendocino.
bchr Nettle Low, Low, Point Beyes.
Charters.
The brig Courtney Ford loads sugar at Kahulii!
for this port.
The Br ship Fernbank loads wheat on the Co
lumbia River for South Africa.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 12—10 p. it— Weather
hazy: wind NW; velocity 28 mllea,
Spoken.
Mar 21— Latl4 S, long 31 W, Br ship Latnom,
from Swansea, for San Francisco,
Domestic Ports.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 12— Schr Lleele
Vance, hence Apr 29.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed May 12— stmr Czarina, for
San 1 rnncisco.
TACOM A— Arrived May 12— Schr Maria E
Smith, hence May 1.
PORT HAD LOCK— Sailed May 12-Schr Se
quoia, for San Diego.
TATOOSH- Passed May 11-Stmr Walla Walla,
hence May 9, for Victoria. May 12— Stmr Wash
tenaw, from Tacoma. for San Francisco; stmr
Signal, from Puget Sound for Astoria; bark Em
pire, from Moody vilie, ror Sydney.
ASTORlA— Arrived May 12-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard, hence May 7.
Hailed May 12 Stmr Arcata, for San Fran
cisco: bktn Tarn o' Sbanter. for San Francisco.
MENDOCINO-Arrlved May 12-Schr Nettle
Sunilhorc. hence May 6.
SEATTLE— SaiIed May 12— Schr American Girl
for San Francisco.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK— Arrived May 11— Stmr Alllanca,
from Colon.
Foreign Port*. * : >^--.
LlZAßD— Passed May 10— Br ship Glenbnrn,
from Tacoma, for Queenstown.
QUEENSTOWN-Salled May 10— ship Or
pheus, from Plymouth. •.:-.-
HONOLULU -Arrived May 2— Bark Pactolus,
from Portland. May 4— Stmr Australia, hence
Apr 38. May s— Br stmr China, from Yokohama;
bktn Jane L Stanford, from Newcastle, NSW.
May 6— Bark Mohican, hence Apr is.
Balled May 3-Bktn Planter, for San Francisco.
YOKOHAMA-Salled Apr 23-N*or bark Petit
codlac, for Port Townsend.
Arrived May B— Br stmr Strathleven. from
Puget Sound: Br stmr Gaelic, hence Apr 25.
Moremnnt* or Train- Atlantic Steamsrs.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved May 12— Stmr Ma
jestic, from New York. 13-81^ IpJ^
NEW YORK— Sailed May 12-Stmr Latin, for
GLASGOW— Arrived out May 12— Stmr Ethio-
Pl HAVRE-Sailed May 12-Stmr La Iformandle.
f0 LI N ZARD-Pa sed May 12-Stmr Aachen^from
New York, for Bremen: stmr Palatla, from New
York, for Hamburg.
• Importations. "•
HUENEME-Per Je^el-1369 vfl ss ll"u^*1 I " u^* ""
Oarlev. ?OS9 skscorn, 8 sks «a_^n uts. leather. 1
EUREKA-Per l*o"'»»»7" butter'" a
pc A t rv A VxD o j\p*>*-Per China-1965 pk«f»
CHIN A AN I) rice "96 pkgs tea, 450 cs oil. 343
mdse. 7981 "»f»^ s hemp. 304 bxs spice. 6000
pkgs curios. 500 bal^nemp^ parcels 51 pkgs silk
go^3 S . U l?43 4r0.1s4 ro.ls maTting! 3 bales gunnies. 1600
ba n2. J r?«Sd-^i P"B» m QSe ' 92 Pke » *•** 189 pkgs
,«?/ Nt 163 Pkgs curios. 30 pkss spice, 17 par
r 1 .i-nicas silk goods. 2 rolls matting.
"JSr ceniSl and South America-32 pkgs mdse.
l/pisicuriij. 35 pkgs silk goods, 200 rolls mat-
Per Jewel-H Dutard; J P Thomas; J C Bauer &
ri- Krlnnser & Gallnger.
VKS-A C Nlcnols & Co: American Type
vonndrv- Brown <t Adams: Dodge. Sweeney i^o;
i« ooMiilerT Dairymen's Union; Dolbeer A Car
ion- Enterprise Brewery ; Felling, Creasy A Co; a
s£.?omon: Jonn V English; Wbeaton. Breon * Co:
OB * Co: ■ Brigham. Hoppe* Co; National
iceC<r Humboldt Mineral Water Co: Hooper*
lennliigs- • Hibernla Brewery: C E Whitney & Co;
Oewßrw* Co: H Huddelson: Wells, Fargo & Co:
ml Brewing CO ; Standard OU Cot United
States Brewery: Western Car Acid Gas Co; Revere
Rubber Co: Hills Bros; Wellman. Peck A Co: 13
Halght: WBSumner&Co: Norton, Teller & Co ;
Dunham, Carrlgan & Co; Christy & Wise; J R
H pe-' Chtna-CCPennell A Co; California and
Japan Trading 10; F X Oevel: J N Knowies: J H
BoJen A Co: Kokusanshia. Lterato A Bros: order;
M Yoshu: M Shibata: Macondray Bros A Lock
ard; Merchants Bank of Canada: J Munroe; Lon
don Paris and American Bank: To bbs Cordage
Co: M J Brandenstetn A Co; M J T ,V a: , , Par L i
A (jo: M J Brandenstetn A Co; U W Dickie; X P
schwerin; TOIshl; TMurata-.;V Btenreld & 1.0;
Wm Roth and various Chinese merchants.WILL MEET IN
OPEN CONGRESS.
Prominent Women to Read
Papers on Interest
ing Topics.
IDEALS IN WOMANHOOD.
Women's Christian Temperance
Union's Eleventh Annual
Convention to Meet.
TO BE IN SESSION TWO DAYS.
Preparations Being Made for the State
Political Equality Convention
Next Month.
Oakland Office Sa* Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 12. J
The Women's Congress will meet at the
First Unitarian Church to-morrow after
noon and evening. Several of the most
interesting of the papers read before the
congress in San Francisco will be repeated.
Miss Catherine M. Graydon of this city
will read a paper on "The Family." Mrs.
"William Keith of Berkeley has selected
"The Chief for her subject. Mrs. Ada
Van Pelt will be lieard on "Mothers of
Great Men," and Miss Dorothea Roth on
"Women in Poverty." Miss Sarah Sever
ance will deliver a speech on woman's suf
frage.
In the evening Miss Eliza Keith will
read a paper on "The Nation." Mrs. Alice
M. McComas of Los Angeles will repeat
her paper on the "Right of Representa
tion," and Professor Griges of Stanford
will repeat his address on "The Change in
Ideals of Womanhood."
Mis 3 Severance and Miss Mollie Conners
are expected to take part in the discus
sions.
The committee of the Oakland auxiliary
of the Women's Congress who have
charge of the affair consists of Mrs. Eliza
T. Wilkes, Mrs John Heath, Mrs. E. G.
Judd, Mrs- Wood 3, Mrs. Walker and oth
ers.
The Alameda County Political Equality
Club held a meeting this afternoon. The
subject of the State Convention to be held
in Mills Tabernacle June 15 and 16 was
discussed. Many prominent Eastern and
local speakers will address the convention.
At the meeting of th> Oakland Political
Eauality Club lield this afternoon the fol
lowing standing committees were ap
pointed:
Press— Mrs. M. L. W. CurUa, Miss Ross.
Printing— Mrs. Lydia A. Prescott, Mrs. Flora
Pearce, Miss Florence Johnson.
Programme— Mrs. T. L.Walker, Mrs. R. C.
Craft.
Propaganda— Mrs. A. A. Wood, Mrs. Olive
Gißord. Mrs. Littlefield, Mrs. Wilkinson, Mrs.
J. Berry, Mr«. Grant Taggart, Miss Clara B. Mc-
Clunie, Mrs. John Hopkirk, Mrs. Richardson,
Mr 6. Florence Johnson.
W. C. T. U. CONVENTION.
The Eleventh Annual Gathering to
Be Held Thursday and
Friday.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— The eleventh
annual convention of the Alameda County
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
will be held May 14 and 15, in the Univers
alist church.
The officers of the county society are:
President, Mrs. X, Jolidon-Croake, Oakland;
vice-Dresiaent at large, Mrs. Lydia Prescott,
Oakland; corresponding secretary, Mrs. Mary
Bartiett, Oakland; recording secretary, Mrs.
Alice E. Bangs, Berkeley ; treasurer, Mrs. Hattie
McMath, Oakland; auditor, Mrs. Grace M. Kim
ball, Oakland.
The programme is as follows:
Thursday morning— Routine business; heart
to-heart talks, led by Mrs. Fannie Wood,
county superintendent; evangelistic work.
Afternoon — Reports of officers: president's ad
dress; "Woman Her Own Interpreter," by Mrs.
E. G. Greene of Santa Cruz. Evening, Mrs. B.
Kurtevant Peet, State president, will speak on
"Present Conditions"; Miss Sarah Severance
will speak on "The Eleventh Commandment."
Friay's programme is: '
Afternoon— Reports from locals by the presi
dents: Alameda, Mrs. Ida Jamison; Berkeley
Mrs. Mary Smith; Irvington, Mrs. Vira Dur
ham; Haywards, Mrs. J. E. Russell; Twenty
third avenue, Mrs. MaryTeeple; East Oakland,
Mrs. M. J. Hamilton; Livermore, Mrs. A. J.
Pftlraer; rie&santon. Mrs. Sarah E. White;
Lorln, Mrs. Joyce Mun«on; West Oakland
Mrs. V. M. Foster; Oakland, Mrs. P. H.
Ifatbewfti
Reports of superintendents— Sabbath observ
ance, Mrs. Oresta Clark; labor »nd capital,
Mr?. Lydia Prescott; law enforcement, Mrs.
Sttriiii Sanford; social purity, Dr. Annie Miller.
Scientific temperance Instruction, Mrs. X. Joii
don-Croake; "Our ßesponsibility as \V. C. T. U.
Woricers," Mrs. H. E. Brown, State correspond
ing secretary, San Francisco; "Newa from the
Field, ' Mrs. Mary Teats, national organizer;
"Helpful Suggestions for Local Work," Mrs. H.
Sturtevant I'cet.
The election of officers will be held Fri
day morning.
The Seventh Ward Political Equality
Society will meet in Washington Hall Sat
urday afternoon at 3 o'clock, with Mrs. A.
A. Moore presiding:.
Davie's Dream*.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 12.— Mayor Davi«
to-day said: -'The Council is spending
money recklessly, but it will do no good.
Tie Supreme Court has lately decided that
a Council cannot order work one year to
be paid out of the money of the next. The
Council has voted about"$80,000 to be taken
out of next year's funds, which I will stop
when the proper time comes. If the Coun
oilmen wane to make repairs and expendi
tures they talk so much about let them
put it in the tax levy."
Bakery Inspection.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 12.— The in
spectors of the Health D partment made a
tour of inspection of the various bakeries
of the city, investigating their cleanliness
and sanitary condition, last night. All
places were found to be in good condition.
The Boud Issue.
OAKLAND. Cal., M iy 12.— The second
decision of the Supreme Court in the Los
Angeles bond case has left the bond issue
of this city unsettled, and it may be neces
TWO ALAMEDA COUNTY LADIES WUO AXE ARDE>T SUFI RAGISTS.
sary to prepare a test case bo as to have
the validity of the 1895 law passed upon
The bonds were issued under the law of
1893 on the supposition that the amend
ment of '95 was invalid. It was expected
tbat the matter would be decided in the
Los Angeles case, but it was not.
Beulah Home for Girls.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— The first
annual meeting of the Beulan Orphanage
for Girls Corporation was beld at Beulah.
Mills College, Oakland. Monday afternoon.
The superintendent, Mrs. Montgomery,
reported that fifty-two children had been
admitted. Of these, one had died, nine
returned to friends, four placed in pood
homes and one at present in the Children's
Hospital at San Francisc \ leaving thirty
seven in the home. Another building is
being fitted up, and will be called the
"Birds' Nest," for the younger children."
The following directors were, elected for
the ensuing year: Rev. J. W. Ellsworth,
president; George S. Montgomery, vice
president; Mrs. C. J. Montgomery, secre
tary and treasurer; Mrs. O. K. Judd and
Misa Annie Jones; Mrs. Montgomery,
superintendent.
Attempt to Burn a House.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.- Policeman
Schroeder made a discovery to-night that
it is thought prove? that an incendiary at
tempt was to oe made to burn the house at
650 East Fourteenth street. Theofficerre
ceived some information that caused him
to make a search, and under the steps in
the basement he found a bundle of rags
soaked with kerosene. The house is occu
pied by a family named Clifford.
HISTORY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happening! Told 'o
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Offick San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 12. j
Edwad A. Parsons, one of the first residents
of Oakland, died Monday at bis home at 652
Webster street.
The estate of Seth Richards has been ap
praised at $139,095.
Mrs. Nasano Galindo, a relic of the old
Spanish family of that name, died at 519
Fourth street on Sunday after residing in this
city for twenty-five years. The deceased was
80 years of ape and was horn in this State
when it was a province oi Old Mexico.
Sing Young, a Chinese vegetable gardener,
was found dead in his rieM at Shattuck avenue
and Breti ton street, Berkeley, yesterday.
Judge Greene has confirmed the sale byF.
R. Whitconib, administrator of the estate of
J. B. Whitcomb, to Maurice S. Woodhams of
property near the interaction of C'hoate street
aud Durant avenue in Berkeley. The consid
eration was $2430.
D. McQuarrie, who sued the Alameda and
Oakland Klectric Railway Company for
$25,000 for damages sustained in a collision
with a pole of the company at Park street and
Railrood avenue, Alameda, has entered a satis
faction of judgment in the case on the receipt
of the sum of $500.
The case of Ellen P. Benson and her hus
band, S. J. Benson, for $25,000 for damages
against the East Oakland Street Railway Com
pany was begun before Judge Ogden this
morning. The complaint sets forth that Ellen
Benson was injured by being thrown off a car
of the company in question at East Twenty
first street and Nineteenth avenue some time
last year.
Judge Greene has Issued an order and de
cree of settlement in the estate of Catherine
Mann, deceased, distributing certain property
in Eden Township to Hubert L. Mann and an
other part to Jacob Jensen.
"NO PLACE LIKE HOME"
Davis Announces That He Will
Not Hear of a Congressional
Nomination.
Hilborn Seems to Have an Excel'ent
Prospect to Succeed Him
self.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, May 12. j
To-day's developments in the hght for
the Republican Congressional nomina
tion have placed that struggle in a new
light.
Judge Frick has openly declared that
he is not a candidate to succeed himself,
but that he is strictly in the Congressional
race.
Ex-Mayor W. R. Davis has been asked
by hundreds of Republicans to run for the
oll\ce, but he has positively declined. He
said that he was supporting Mr. Hilbcrn ;
that the latter was at his post of duty
and had rendered a pood account of him
self; that in his first term Mr. Hilborn
was hampered by a contest and eventually
unseated, so that he served but a frag
ment of his term; that in bis present
term up to date he has had time only to
get a fair start, and that it would be pol
icy to keep him there. "I will refuse to
consider a proposition to be a candidate
for Congress," said Mr. I>avi°.
At the Third Congressional District Con
vention, conducted by the primary dele
gates, the following resolution was unani
mously passed:
Ruolred. That we heartily commend and ap
7>rove the cour>« of our Congressman, Hon. S.
G. Ililborn, as our representative in Congress,
and we recognize and appreciate his fidelity in
the discharge of his important trust.
Although Judge Frick has many friends,
at present it is an open secret that they
are more anxious to see Judge (Jreene
have a clear road to succeed himseif than
to send Frick to Washington. With all
the indorsements he hns received, and
with the positive statement that Mr. Davis
will not enter the race, it will require some
remarkable manipulating to prevent Mr.
Hilborn from being renorninated, although
it is agreed on all sides that whoever does
get the Republican nomination will be the
next Congressman from this district.
W. H. Friend, one of the leaders in the
primary election movement in this county
?aid to-day: "I do not think that there
will be anymore movements of importance
in local politics until after the Fourth of
July. It would manifestly be out of order
to call a Congressional convention until
nfterthe St. Louis convention, which will
meet June 16 and last several days.
Then th«re will be a hurrah period lasting
till the Fourth of July, and after that we
will get down to business again.''
The numerous candidates that are de
claring themselves, or being declared by
their friends, are as numerous as bees, but
it is safe to say that a vast majority of
their booms will have disappeared before
the convention meets.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
THEY EXPECTED
"A GOOD TIME"
Alameda Supervisors Sur
prised When They
Found Brains.
HAD NOTHING TO SAY.
Johnson Hurried Back to Oak
land to Retrieve Their
Dignity.
HIS EFFORT WAS TOO LATE.
Before Any Showing Could Be Made
the Convention Had Finally
Adjourned.
Oakland Offick Ban Frakcibco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 12. J
The Alameda County Supervisors went
to San Jose expecting that the convention
of Supervisors from all over the State
would result as most such conventions do,
in having a good time. They were awfully
disappointed, somewhat chagrined and
very much surprised at the result. When
the minutes of that convention are pub
lished the rest of the State will conclude
that Alameda County was not represented
at all.
This result was brought about by a mis
conception on the part of the Alameda
board. When the invitation to attend the
convention was received Mr. Church suc
gested that it be accepted and "we all go
down and have a good time." That hnr
ried assumption was a very grave error.
Whatever previous conventions called for
similar purposes may have produced, this
one that clos* d at San Jose to-day was one
conducted on business-like principles.
The various {Supervisors went to it pre
pared to show by charts and figures just
what they were doing and how others
might benefit from (heir experience in
specific directions. It was an interesting
and valuable lot of data that was presented
and all went well until some one unfor
tunately proposed that the gentlemen
from Alameda should be heard from. The
"gentlemen from Alameda" were Super
visors Church, Johnson and finiley, and
they had gone prepared for nothing but "a
good time," never dreaming that the State
convention of Supervisors would develop
anything more interesting than a discus
sion on good roads held in the Oakland
boardroom a few months ago.
Consternation was expressed on the
faces of the Oakland trio and they
asked for time. They had to do some
thing, they knew nut what, but they real
ized that the "good time" was only a
dream, and that their brother Supervis
ors were stupid enougti to expect some
intelligent epitome of how Alameda
County's business was conducted.
Supervisor Johnson was sent back post
ha&te to Oakland with instructions to
"bring something," though what, he
scarcely knew. He rushed into the County
Clerk's office this morning and asked
County Clerk Jordan "for a history of the
county in half an hour."
Mr. Jordan was staggered, but he imrne
mediately set his deputies to work and by
noon whole columns of figures were ready
and Mr..Johnson was packing them in his
valise ready to catch the 2:15 p. m. train for
San Jose.
Soon after Mr. Johnson had lert and long
before he was within a dozen mile 3of the
convention, a dispatch was received at the
County Clerk's office saying *hat the Su
pervisors had adjourned and that the data
would be too late.
Now everybody is wonderinp how Ala
meda will be treated in the published min
utes of the convention.
MRS. COLEMAN'S DEATH.
Widow of the Late W. T. Coleman Diet
Very Unexpectedly- at Her
SUter's Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— Mrs. Cassie
M. P. Coleman, widow of tue late W. T.
Coleman, the San Francisco pioneer and
capitalist, died very suddenly and unex
pectedly at the home of her sister, Mrs. H.
D. Bacon, 960 Oak street, this morning.
She had only been in the city a week.
Mrs. Coleman bad been in feeble health
ever since her husband died about three
years ago, but her death was not antici
pated at this time. Her only surviving
child is Robert L. Coleman, who is mar
rieu and resides at Burlingame.
The life of her husband, William T.
Coleman, is closely identified with the
early history of California and he was a
leader in the famous Vigilance Committee
tbat did bo much to clear San Francisco
of the tough characters tbat swarmed into
the City.
The deceased was Miss Carrie M. Page,
a daughter of D. D. Page, a well-known
Bostonian and now a St/ Louis capitalist.
Mr. Coleman had been in California from
1849, and in 1852 returned East and claimed
his school-girl friend as a bride. They
resided in New York City for some|time,
and it was here that C. Carleton Coleman
was born. They later moved to St. Louis,
where Robert L. Coleman was born. In
1870 Mrs. Coleman came to San Francisco
to join her husband, who had been here
for several years.
Both s; ns grew up and married, but C.
Carleton died several years ago, leaving a
son. No arrangements have been made
for the funeral, but it will be private and
the remains sent East, to be placed in the
family vault beside those of her husband.
•—«• — «. — •
OAKLAND'S EXPOSITION
This Year Will Be on a Much Larger
Scale, With .Many Attractions
Added.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— The direc
tors of the Oakland exposition held an en
thusiastic meeting last evening, with Vice-
President Keller in the chair. Those pres
ent were: Messrs. Booth, Roeth, Sharp,
Gier, Trowbridge, Becker and Bell. The
unanimous opinion of all present was that
the exposition this year should be held
early in August, although the exact date
was left until the next meeting, May 21.
It was suggested that by fencing in the
whole vacant lot surrounding the main
building and covering it with canvas a
sort of summer garden could be created by
means of plants, flo%vers, evergreens and
shrubbery in boxes, and which lighted up
at night by electricity would produce a
charming resort, which at this time of the
yrar would prove very popular, in view of
the fact that the admission is to be kept at
last year's very popular prices.
These grounds would be fitted out with
refreshment booths, shady nooks and
walks, with music to add to its attractive
ness. It was also shown that by having
ibe exposition in August the display of
fruit could be made a very important feat
ure, and that the active co- operation of
the outside districts of the county would
thus be enlisted in making it a grand suc
cess.
A new feature for this year will be the
special days for the various towns in the I
county, when it is expected the residents J
of the town whose day it is will prepare
and present the programme. In this way
there will be a varied programme and each
section will be given a grand opportunity
to show the features to the best advantage.
It will be a day and evening devoted to the
setting forth of the advantages of that sec
tion.
SOCIALISTS ORGANIZE.
Articles of Incorporation Filed by the
Co-Operntive Association.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 12.— The Social
ist Co-operative Association filed articles
of incorporation with the County Clerk to
day. They declared their purpose to be
"the improvement of the social, intel
lectual, moral a«d material interests of
the working classes, and to do a general
wholesale and retail merchandising, farm
ing and manufacturing business."
The officers and directors are Eugene
Hough, president; Theodore Radtke, sec
retary; J. Eustise, treasurer; A. Levin and
J.Meyer. The capital stock is $1,000 000
divided into 200,000 shares of $5 each.
There has been subscribed $555, of which
A. Levin takes $10u, Max ."chwind and
Thpodore Kadtke $50 each, J. W. Eustice,
Rudolph Rast and F. F. Viers $25 each, H.
E. Ey and B. Katz $15 each. Those sub
scribing for $10 of stock are L. M. Harri
son, A. G. Ross, J. P. Kellogg, Mrs. R. P.
Brown, Mrs. M. Wiedeman, Fran*
Struebel, George W. Howard, Emma
Kelley, John Forrest, G. H. Sheffield, C.
Joechiern, Alfrel Ey and M. Cohn.
The single share subscribers include
Eugene Houeh, Charles Schwind, August
Zimmerman, Louis Graf, K. Claudius, F.
M. Lorenz, W. Scherer, John Meyer, R. G.
Woods. C. H. Bradley, J. \v. Latimer,
Alma Lorenz, B. t. Ellis, E. Jones. Divi
dends are to be declared on purchases, but
none on capital stock. The iuitiative, ref
erendum and imperative mandate are to
be used in conducting affairs of the com
pany.
SUBURBAN BLAZE.
Owing to a Lack of Protection Three
Dwelling* Are Destroyed.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 12. -The two
story residence of H. J. Schlichtman at
Grace and Los Anpelea streets, in the
suburban district north of the city, took
fire this morning about 3 o'clock, and
owing to a lack of water or apparatus to
fiunt the -flames they and the house ad
joining belonging: to Mr. fc-chlichtraan'a
son, were completely destroyed, with their
contents.
The fire then attacked the Abbott cot
tage, but here it was checked, although
not until the cottage was gutted.
The residents of the vicinity gathered
quickly, bul could do nothing. At 3:25
an alarm was turned in from box 4, at
Twenty-eighth arid Adeline streets, and
the North Oakland chemical engine re
sponded, but only in time to keep the
fire from spreading from the Abbott cot
tage to D. H. Huyes' residence, adjoining.
The los 3is estimated at about $10,000;
partially insured.
A PRETTY MAY WEDDING.
Alias Lizzie Auld Married to Dr. Sim-
mon* of liHywards.
Oakland Office, San Fkaxcirco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 11. j
The wedding of Miss Lizzie Auld of this
city to Dr. B. F. Simmons of Haywards
was one of the prettiest ever seen at the
First Presbyterian Church. The bride is
a well-known society young lady, and as
popular as sh6 is pretty. Dr. Simmons is
a dentist of Haywards.
There was only one bridesmaid, Mrs.
Lemogr. a sister of the bride. Rev. Dr.
Coyle officiated, and George A. Simmons,
a brother of the groom, acted as best man.
Only intimate friends of the bride and
groom were present, but they were sutli
cient to fill a large portion of the church.
The bride was elegantly attired, and wore
a bridal veil that was fastened with a tiara
of orange blossoms.
After the ceremony Dr. and Mrs. Sim
mons left for a tour of the southern part
of the State, and will spend some time at
Los Angeles. After their return they will
reside permanently in Dr. Simmons' home
at Haywards.
No County License.
OAKLAND, Cal, May 12.— Deputy Dis
trict Attorney Church, who prepared|the
new liquor license ordinance, says it im
poses no greater penalties upon saloon
keepers than have been imposed for ten
years past. Tax Collector Barber, whose
duty it is to collect liceiiies, saya that no
attempt will be made to compel saloon
keepers within incorporated cities and
towns to pay a county liquor license where
a municipal tax is collected.
AN ENGINEER MEDALIST
Harry H. Hirst Will Be Hon
ored Among Berkeley
Students.
Commencement Day at the State Uni-
versity — The New L'quor
Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 12.— T0-morrow
will be commencement day at the univer
sity. The graduating exercises will be held
in Harmon Gymnasium, on the campus,
at 2:30 o'clock in the afternoon.
Recorder Button stated to-day that a
class of 145 will be recommended for de
! grees by the Academic Council of the uni
j verrity to the Board of Regents. Should
i the board grant diplomas to the entire
number recommended the class will num
ber twenty more than last year. It is ex
pected that Governor Buddwill be present
and participate in the exercises attendant
with the presentation of the diplomas and
military commissions.
Following will be the speakers of the
day and their theses:
"The Profession of Engineering," Harry H.
Hirst; "Progress From Status to Contract," H.
C. WyckofT; "What the Novel May Do for the
Student," Eleanor Bennett; "Beauty the Meas
ure of Educational Values," Tneodore de La
guna.
M&rtin C. Flaherty, the Carnot medalist
of '96 and intercollegiate debater, was also
to have spoken, but he has been excused
from so doing at his own request.
In the morning a general reunion of the
alumni will be held. It is the hope of the
association through the plans outlined for
to-morrow to give a new lease of life to
thfl formerly existent custom of setting
aside one day in the year as "Alumni
day." Following will be the order of ex
ercises which they will observe:
9:30 a. m.— Presentation of the graduating
H. H. HIRST.
class to the regents of the university and to
the Alumni Association in Bacon Art Gallery.
10 a. si.— Assembling of visitors in Bacon
Library.
10 a. m. to 12 m.— Visitation and inspection
of the buildings and grounds. All the muse
ums, laooratories, etc., will be open for in
spection, and the visiting alumni will be
shown about by the professors and assistants
in the various departments.
19 sr.— Lunch, followed by snort addresses by
representatives of the several alumni bodies of
Berkeley and San Francisco.
In the evening at 7 o'clock the annual
alumni banquet will be held at the Cali
fornia Hotel, San Francisco. John E.
Budd, the newly appointed regent, will be
the guest of honor at the banquet.
Hirst Will Be Medalcd.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 12.— Harry H.
Hirst, a student in the College of Civil
Engineering at the State University, will
be recommended by the Academic Coun
cil to the Board of Regents at their annual
meeting in Berkeley to-morrow morning
as the medalist for the class of '96.
It was net known until late last night
who would be recommended as the most
distineuished etudent in the class, and it
is understood that there was considerable
wrangling among the professors before a
decision could be reached, as several
! others were close upon the trail of Hirst.
j Theodore de Laguna, Miss Eleanor Ben
| nett and Hubert Wyckoff ranked with
j very nigh sections in scholarship and the
! awarding of the medal stood between
j Hirst and one of these three.
Hirst is the first student who has
I ever been recommended for the medal
I from the College of Civil Engineering, and
I the professors in that department are
. much elated over their success and the
I success of the prospective honor man.
Hirst is just 23 years of age and was pre-
I pared for college at Cheney Academy,
' fepokane County, Washington. Last year,
the medalist, Miss Katherine Felton,
I refused the medal when it was tendered to
I her. but Hirst says that he will accept it
; should it be offered to him.
Working for Suffrage.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 12.— The ladies
of the Citizen Suffrage League of Berkeley
are working with unabated vigor in the
cause of amendment 11, and have decided
to interview personally every voter in the
town.
The now method o! campaigning has
been reduced to a system, and before next
! election-day every voter in Berkeley will
have been asked to vote for woman
suffrage.
Those who do notacquiesce in the move
ment advocated by the ladies will be ap
proached over and over again, and the
I best talkers of the local society will lend
■■■COSTISOATIOS.SILEi
Pavilion Auction House, 319-321 Sutter
St., above «rant Aye.
ATSALESKOOM THIS DAY,
Wednesday 3i ay 13, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. Jf., I will c» t nue the sale of
OXjOTHING !
Lad •*', Children's gutdUenu' Underwi a.-, Hosiery,
Corsets, Laces, Linen, Slik, etc.
S. liASi it. Auctioneer.
their efforts to showing him the reasons
why woman's voice in politics should be
as strong as that of man.
The woman suffragists of the Berkeley
society will secure a full list of the voters
of the town, which is divided into thirteen
precincts. A seperate list will be made f"r
each precinct and the lists will be given
to thirteen ladies of the Suffrage League,
who will then interview the voters.
Citizens who Uo not yield readily to the
arguments of the fair politicians will be
reasoned with a second time, for after the
first thirteen ladies have done all they can
the lists will be given to other ladies, who
will in turn see all the men who have re
fused to capitulate at the first interview.
New Liquor Ordinance.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 12.— A new
liquor ordinance has been passed to print
by the Town Trustees. It is substantially
the same as the present law, the principal
difference being in the clause that pro
hibits the storing of liquor without a li
cense. In the new law the amount which
may be kept without a license is placed at
half a gallon.
WATSON'S LAST LECTURE.
The Celebrated Professor Compare!
Greek and Christian Ideals.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 12.— Dr. John
Watson, the eminent Canadian philoso
pher, delivered the last of his series of
public addresses on philosophy to-night
at Harmon Gymnasium to a well-nllea
house. The topic of his address was the
'Greek and Christian Ideals of Life." He
compared the Greek and the Christian
ideals of life, considering first Christianity
as originally taught by its founder and
secondly as afterward modified.
"The essential leature of religion," ho
said, "is the consciousness of the principle
tliat gives meaning to life and enables in
dividuals to look beyond the evils of the
present. If a religion does not idealize
life it has no effect. '•
He defined religion as a principle of
consciousness or unity that is manifest in
the world we know. The early Greek re
lipion conceived the divine as revealed in
nature in an indefinite way, such as in the
trees, the running brooks, the skies, the
sun and the moon.
Christ gave the new starting point. The
true source of immorality is the eternal
violation of the law of love. Ihe ultimate
source of morality it traced to religion be
cause the love of God is identical with the
love of man. There is no absolute inter
vention between the ideal and the real.
The world is not in subjection to the
influences of evil but to the influences of
God. The power of the wicked is yiven to
them for the highest manifestation of
Kood. The power of evil can be overcome
only by the implements of self-sacrifice
and loving impulses.
riteJSpl
TfAffil:
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that ho
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
V ou can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
EDUCATIONAL.
O^KKP^G7wTtrrlfG7A^lTll3f?cTG^tA~lTß
day & ni;ht ; noclasaes : $5 month. 84 5 Mission
MUS. MELVILLE BNYDER, STUDIO 614
J'J Sutter: teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution a specialty: vocal Shakesperean
c. asses: skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 3 r. «.; 81 per month.
"OOOKKKEPING BYTARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
X) ant teaching; l;- time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
BOOKKEKPING-SCHOOL-PE N MAN SH|l P
-L> arithmetic, taught In 6 weeks. 6 Stockton, rm. 2'
E FOREST— STAGE, ELOCUTION, VOlCE-
building. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJ lessons: ?3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTIHAN j
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
SPANISH. FHENCH.UKRiIAN; MODERATE.
Aleisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:
■\7OICE-BUILDINIS, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
> Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary at..
■piIOFESSOR U. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YRES\ THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 3*25 Montgomery St.; Individual lastruo- i
tion In shorthand, typict;, bookkeeping, etcTMlfe I
scholarship ftSO; low rates per week and month.
IjELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING— !
JL> Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed !
on singe. R. 5 and la. 1.0.0. F. block. Tih and Mks. j
QCUOUL ELECTIIIOAL, CIVIL, MINING. ME-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; es'.ab. 'Qi. VAN DEB NAILLEN, TUt ."if. j
EALD'S~BUSINESS'COLLEGE, M POST ST. f
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand, [
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modem
languages rapidly taught. write lor catalogue.
V IUUTSCHUOL;UKALL*aBUS. *J0L,1.t.1.K; Jl
J.> Post: commercial, short baud. English: low ra>et
"IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO: I'.KA- i
> tonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045^ Valencia. j
, . FKOPOSALS. ~~ ~~
PROPOSALS FORHARDW ARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils,turnitur«,
fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— Sealed proDOsals
will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, In open session of the Board of Edu-
cation, on Wednesday, May 27, 1896, it 8:30
o'clock p. m., for furnishing tne School Depart-
ment of the City and County of fan Francisco
during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, palms, oils,
furniture, fuel, stationery, etc., and for doing the
printing required during the same time. In accord-
ance with specifications at 'be office of the Board
cf Education, new City Hall. . ■
; t GEORGE BE ANSTON, Secretory.
PROPOSALS FOR I! a: SI Nil AND EN-
larginj; a school building, for heating and
ventilating a school building, for building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
— Sealed proposals will be received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1898,
at 8:30 o'clock p. jc., ior railing and enlarging the
Bernal Height* Primary School building, for heat-
Ini; and ventilating saia building; for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and- constructing water
closets at the Columb a Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, In accordance with plans and
specifications' (and conditions named therein) at
the office of CHARLES I. HAVF.NS, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEOBGE BKA^bTo>', Secretary. l
AUCTIO^SALE!
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES I
PRESENTATION SALE!
JAPANESE ASD ORIENTAL GOODS.
410 Kearny Street.
\ii- THIS DAY,
Wednesday May 13, 1898
At 3 P. M.
AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth Stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sold regardless of cost.
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladles attending the
sale, free of any charge.
Chairs reserved for ladies.
■ • F. T. KKELAR, Auctioneer.
SPECIAL SALE.
80 Head Broken and Unbroken Horse*,
branded J 1), from the Dean Ranch,
Nevada.
AT SUNSET HORSE MARKET,
220 Valencia Street, near Fourteenth,
TO-MORROW.
Thursday May 14, 1898 •
At 11 o'clock.
N. B — We call the especial attention of milkmen,
butchers, bakers, teamster* rancher*. grocers,
liverymen and all purposes where good, tough,
hardy horses are required, same stock of horses
having been sold In this market for years and
always gave satisfaction: they wear like Iron;
ea»y 10 handle; age from 4 to 6 years; .weigh from
900 to 1400 pounds. Will bo sold Without any
reserve or limi twhatever
, IX £ V - AN * DOYLE I Livestock Auctioneers.
Office, H27 sixth st.
OCEArf STEAMSHIPS. ,
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM _**3»
O Broadway wharf, ban Francisco, as mJyJHT*
follows: • .
For Mary Island. Lorlns;. WrangeU Jnneao. KU-
Usnoo ana Sitka (Alaska), at v a. — . May li.
•29. Juno 3, 13, 18. *8.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
fend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whateom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a.*.
May 4. 9. 14, IV, 24. 20. and every firta
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
th* C. P. It. R.. at Tacoma with N. P. B. fl-
at Seattle with O. N. Ry., at Port Townsen4 wltn
Alaska steamers. •
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
bold t. Bay) str. Pomona, 2 r. m.. May 1, 5. 9.
II 17. 11, 25. '29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Cayucai,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Oavlota, .Santa
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Loi Angeles) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m.. Mi.v
3, 7. 11. is, 19, 23, «7, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diem, stopping only at Port Tlarfor I
{Ban Luin Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. *.. Jlav 1. 5. a. 13, 17, 21. 25, 29 an*
every fourth day thereafter.
or Enseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Vnz. Altata and Gunymai (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. M., May 5: sir. Coos Bay. 10 a. m., May 13.
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, A New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agents.
. 10 Market et. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
Fix-art Class 68. 00
Second Class S3 0O
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Jlontgomfiry Street
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.,
. General Agents.
O. o _fS3 3>iT.
ASTOBIA AIPOBTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Hate of California sails. May 3 and 11
Columbia calls .....May 8 and If
From Bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 _ _.
600DALL, PERKINS A CO, Oenl. Snpts.
F. V. CONNOR, General Agent,
-'■_■■ 630 Market itr—
10SPAGSIE GENERAL TRAHSATLASTIQDE
Frencti Line to Havrn.
SPIKR(NEW),42 NORTH r_ rfl
\J Klver, foot of Morton st. Travelers by OtEnSff 1
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Parts,
first-class 9100; second-class, split*.
LA BBCTAO.N'K, ' apt. Rup« May 18, 4 a. K.
LA TOURAINE. Capt. Santelll....May 2* 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May .3. 8 a. K.
LA GASCOGNE..... Jn 20, 7A- H.
LA .\(lit'n.\lilt, July 4, 6 a. M.
LA GAM3OGNK July 25. 11 a. m.
LA NOR ANDIE ....Ansustl, SA. H.
LA ROURGOONE, Capt. Leb^mif. .June 6, 7 a. M,
JBF" For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
No. 380 v i D ,, Green, New York.
J. F. FTJQAZI A CO., Agent* 5 Montgomery
avenue. Ban Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. g\ DAYS TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, LZ Honolulu
NEW ZEALAND, |1 »v
AUSTRALIA. \/s.S. AUSTRALIA.
B. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satur
day, May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
8. 8. MONOWAI sails via HONOLULU an«
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May *$,
at 2 r. x.
* Line to COOLG AR DIE, Anst.. and CAPBTOWH
8. Afr. J. D. BPRECKEL3 & EROS. CO., Agt*,
: 114 Montgomery at
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
WHITE JSTAR MB.
Dolled States and Royal Hail Steamers
BETWEEN
Now York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
: SAILING EVEKV "WEEK. '
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jmjm_
\J Ing to steamer and accommodations wSUrjfM
selected; second cabin, $36 and «40; Majestic and
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, Ire*
land, Scotland, Sweden,, Norway and Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. a VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. O. W. FLETCHKR.
■■■-:. General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL HAIL STEAM PACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE A 8 PIN WALL ML
fortnightly for the West Indies and &3SB
Southampton, calling en route at Cerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, in connection with tat
Pacific Mall 8. 8. Co., issued for freight and treaa.
1 bt« to direct ports In England and Germany.
: i Through ticket* from San Francisco to Plymouth,
• Cntrbcurg, Southampton. First class, $195: thlrt
f etna, 907 ML For further particulars apply to
?_BROTT 4 CO., Agents,
' 806 California St.
STOCKTM STEAMERS
; Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 JP. M, Daily. *
Steamer from .Each 1-;iml Sundays.
' JOS". Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STJBAMKRs:
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters. .
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cai. Nay. ard Impt. Co
FALLEJO, MARE ISLAND. 'BEMICII, POET
COSTA A.ID CROCKETT.
STB. MOICriCEI,I.O,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. «
and 4 r. _. ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r mi
Bunday— r. m.
•4 p. m. only.
Landing, Mission 1. Pi« 1» -
fe^^A V ~x ATtyyr ST - -Established
ai>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
V^SkEABNYST. .Established
• i>i I? 54 fo t r th e treatment of Private
OUMW Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or :
Sirag^^ disease wearing on bodyandmlndaad '
S%&S&X%m *Un Diseases 'I'hprtoctorcnreswljen
hSgßb^^^otUersfair.: Try him. Charges low. <
|Cn»e»Knarantcrd. Callorwrlte.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS.— RB-
modeled and renovated. KINO. WARD <ft CO.
European plan, Rooms We to »1 60 per day, :$2
to f 8 per week, $8 to 830 per montn: tree baths;
hot and cold water every room; tire grates la
; every room; elevator runs all night.
1314
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cam—
710 Market street, open until 12 dock everj
nlgnt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street I
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, ep«
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open bntll 9:30 o'clock.
Additional Classified Adrtiseve- j
* merits on Page 13. j
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
DORIC LODGE, NO 2ie! F. <fe A. ml j_~
»-*' The officers and members are hereby ft
notified to attend a special meet ing at Kine^£!Tr
Soloman's Hall. Masonic Temple, on > W r
THURSDAY, May 14, 1896, at 1 o'clock p. M., to
attend the funeral' of our late brother, JAMKS A.
JOHNSON, late a member of Mountain Shade
Lodge No. 18. Downleville, Cal. All Master Ma-
sons are courteously Invited. By order of the
W. M. ADOLPH KRONBKRG, Sec.
J£- : _5= MISSION LODGE NO. 169, F. <E •
fists' a. M. — Called meeting THlS _#%_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING, at 7:So.^2f
o'clock. First degree. By order of the/^/^
W. M. C. D. BUNKER, secretary.
H_— »= CALIFORNIA LODGE NO. 1, F. _»
to^s and A. M.— Funeral Notice. The °f"- _#\_
cers and members of the above-named /SklT
lodge are hereby notified to attend the fun- /~y *
oral of our late brother, JUSTUS HUFF ED-
WARDS, in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic Tem-
ple. THIS DAY (.Wednesday). May 13. at 2:30
p. m. Master Masons and friends of the deceased
are invited. By order of the master.
FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary-
ff£^s= CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, F. _[
&— ' and A. M.— Called meeting THlS_§¥_
(WEDNESDAY) EVENING at 7:3o^£_T
o'clock. D. L By order of the W. M. 'V>
H. FOKTRIEDE, Secretary.
H^3s- A. O. H. VISION NO. I— SPK- %^*~_»
BP—^ cial meeting of the above division \_vwif
will be held at Hlbernia Hall, 120 Ninth WNjf
St., THURSDAY EVENING, May 14,c^\_W
7:30 sharp, for the purpose of completing »_*
final arrangements in connection with our annual
picnic, to be held at Glenwood Park, Big Trees,
Santa Crur. Mountains, Sunday, May 24. All com-
mittees will please come prepared to make final re-
ports. Entries tor the mg-of-wnr and football games
will close on the 20th inst. By order,
J. J. Lake, Secretary. P. LYONS, Presldenu
O_— p NOTICE TO tHE~PCBLIC^THE NEW
&-& Reformed Christian Church will be organ-
ized on THURSDAY and FRIDAY nights at
Scottish Hall. 105 Larkin St., opposite City Hall,
to solicit higher and equal wages for working men
and women all through the Christian world; also,
ladles' reform costume will be exhibited. Admis-
sion will be Chanted to defray expenses. Please
come »nd give us a start. Discourse for the even-
ing will be "Secrets of the Comstock Lode, or We
Lost All Our Money in Stocks."
■_3p THE NORT H END AKOUSED!— THE
tS^S' building on the old City Hall site must be
erected al once. Important meeting of property-
owners and storekeepers. The properly-owners,
storekeeper* and all others interested in the speedy
erection of the new. buildings on the old City Hall
site will hold an Important meeting In Judge ramp-
bell's Courtroom, in the new City Hall, WEDNES-
DAY EVENING. May IS, 1896. at 8 o'clock-,
sharp. Every property-owner, taxpayer and busi-
ness man on Krarny street and streets adjacent to
the building site are earnestly requested to be
present.
The .shameful delay in the speedy erection of
this needed building has not alone been a great
injury to the laboring classes In general, but a
serious damage to property interests in this sec-
tion and the whole northern section of the city as
well. All persons interested are most urgently
requested to be present. Aole speakers will briefly
address the meeting, and expose the high-hsnded
political jugglery tbathasbeen a menace and draw-
back to the most beautiful section of the city. En-
trance to the meeting-room from either I_rkin or
McAllister streets. By order of the Cum nil
B_5P" PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
f£^S r ties are requested to call on J. C. HOWE,
Commercial Printer, 636 (lay st,, for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
printing.
§£__§?» ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
ar<& annual iiieetins; of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine St., room 28, San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the ISth day of May,
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock p. m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer books will close on Friday, May 15, 1896,
at 3 o'cock P. m. GF.O. R. SPINNEY, See.
Oflice— 3lo Pine st-, room 28. San Francisco. CaL
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
»r]S= DIVIDEND NOTICE— DIVIDEND NO.
If-— 7 31 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
HUTCH INBON SUGAR PLANTATION CO. wil-
be payable at the office of the company, 327 Mar.
ket st.. on and after Wednesday, May 20, 1896,
Transfer books will close Thursi:a.-, May 14,1896
at 3 o'clock p. M. K. H. SHELDON. Sec
SPECIAL NOTICES. ~^
coTL^CTE^r^E^rrTR"E
w~-* v charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine st. ■ '~. :■';- -
g_3p THE COPARTNERSHIP HERETO-
&■& fore existing between MONAHAN _
SHILLCOCK is this day dissolved by limitation.
HENRY MONAHAN,
11. J. SHILLCOCK.
San Francisco. May 11. 1596.
B_3p BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
Biff* collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Mopirv St.. room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
KST SERVANTS SECURED AT J. F. CRO-
SETT _ CO. 'S, 312 Sinter st.
Frst-class GIRLS await situations:
cooks, second girls, nurses and general house-
work girls. MISS HICKEY, 033 Post st.
OMPETENT YOUNG LADY, v\'ITH EXPE-
\J rience, wants position as stenographer. Ad-
dress Reliable, 42 Hartford st. '
ANTED-SITUATION BY A RELIABLE
** German girl to do second work in American
family. Call or address M. F., 1221 O'Farrbli.
GOVERNESS TO YOUNG CHILDREN SriEKS
VJ re-engagement- qualified for position of trust
and travel; refined; would go In capacity of maid
and companion: German-English: highest New 1
York City testimonials. Please address, with par-
ticulars, or call at present patron's, 2312 Howard.
OOK— COMPETENT SWEDISH GIRL DE
J sires prsltion: references; wages $25; no
postals. 610% Eddy st.
ffUATION WANTED BY THE DAY OR
week to houseclean or wash. Address 212 Bth.
T ADY OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
X_ lodging-house easiness would like position to
manag- a bouse. Address M. 0., 611 Kills st.
TTEAT RELIABLE YOUNG WOMAN WANTS
—» 1 lace to do second work in private family or
lodging-house: city or country. 28 Seventh" st,,
room 25.
\f IDDLE-AGED EASTERN LADY WANTS
-»X situation to do -upstairs work, with children
or light housework; no washing. 737 Howard st.,
room 37.
WOMAN WANTS WORK. BY THE DAY,
it washing, ironing, housecleuoing or sewing.
Call at 2 Harriet st. •
ITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
to do general housework; good plain cook; $20.
1020 Mission st. ■
SITUATION WANTED BY SWEDISH GIRL
to do second work: $20. 1020 Mission st.
"pESPECTABLK GIRL WANTS SITUATION
Xii cooking and housework 111 private family.
Address C. 8.. box 78, this office.
kfTnkd, CAPABLE LADY DESIRES
position as housekeeper, companion, or reader
and amanuensis to invalid or other*. S. L.. box 8.
Call Office. Oakland. : - ' '
SITUATION WANTED BY" A YOUNG
woman to care for children; can sew: or as
companion to a lady; competent for second work-
best of refereucc-s. Scotch, 515 Eighth St.. Oak-
land, Cal.
WANTED— BY 2 COMPETENT SWEDISH
»» girls with good reference place in Ameri-
can family: cook and second girl; no obiection to
country. Call 1421 Sacramento s>.
"HUT ANTED— BY MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
" housework in small family: no objection to do-
ing cooking and laundry; is good baker: city or
country. Apply 1000 Washington.
SCANDINAVIAN GIR_ wants SITUATION
to do general housework. Call or address 45
Sacramento st.
■\f IDDLE-AGED FRENCH GIRL WANTS
I>X work In French or German family for children
Or housework. 621 commercial st.
WOMAN WANTS A PLACE AS WORKING
IT housekeeper on ranch ; wage* $15. 988 How-
ard st.
1 > kspectable" WORKING LADY would
IV like position as housekeeper; widower's iam-
ily. with small children; is good German cook; can
give good references. Address X. Z., box 42. Call.
~yOl NG SWEDISH GIRL WANTS TO ASSIST
, X in general housework. Call 27 Laskie st-
C COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES tt'OKIC BY
V, tl • day, ashing and ironing. &60% Howard
St., second floor.
COMPETENT WOMAN WISHES BITUA-
tion as cook, or would do housework. 345
Minna st. -
VOl'.N(i WOMAN FROM THE EAST WISHES
X place in city or country to do any kind 01 work;
finest references. 221 Minna St., near Third.
WANTED - SIT CATION AS child's
»f nurse; can fake full charge from birth: has
had long experience; best reference given ; city or
country. Address 423 Ninth St.
VOUKO WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF
X work by the day ; . terms $1 and carfare. Ad- '
dress for two days. C. A., box 100, Call Office. - *;■
OMPKTKNT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
\J in small private family to do- general house-
work and cooking: will do small washing: c:ty or
. coun:ry. Call or address 183 Jessie st., off Third.
pOOD COMPETENT COOK. WHO THOR-
VJ- oughly understands her business, wants situa-
tion In private family; will do housework; city
reference Call 611 Valencia si.
OMAN WANTS ANY KIND OF SEWING
»? or mending by the day; terms 75c per day.
Call or address J. 'KLLA, 3 • Keys alley, off Pa-
cific st., near Powell. ■ -
SITUATIONS WANTED-Contlnued.
WANTED-^BY COMPETENT WOMAN, A
» » 1 lace tod" housework or cook: Is a good cook
has best of reference;: no objection to short dis-
tance in the country. Address 1924 San Carlos
aye., bet. Mission and Valencia si.-,.
IRL IB YEARS WANTS A SITUATION IN
family of two to do housework: references
exchanged. Call or address 520 Third St.
tvrkssm"Xk kb, first-class CUTTER and
1/ Jitter, wishes work By the day: si 26. 1717
Kills su
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO
do general housework: wages $20. Call 1248
Twenty-third su, nr. Castro.
"A/OUNG ENGLISH LADY WOULD ATTEND
X on young ladies or children; used to traveling,
or go as second girl. Address W. 8., box 100, Call.
Gl ■: KM AN GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
VX mind children and do upstairs work. Cull 32
Fret- lon St.. near Fourth and Brannan.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS a SITUATION TO
" J do general housework and cooking: German
family preferred. Call or add ress 928 Jackson st.
Minni.K-AGED LADY WISHEB SITUATION
to do general housework in a small family;
wages $12, and will give reference. Call or address
616 Minna St., near Seventh.
Tmrst-class SEAMSTRESS WOULD LIKE
1 ' sewing by the day with a dressmaker. 469
Jessie sU
Experienced DAY AND NIGHT NURSE
X_ wants position: good references. Address R.
L., box 13, this office.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A SITUA-
\J tion as working housekeeker. Call or address
217 Eddy si.
■\TOUNG GIRL WISHES POSITION IN SMALL
X family in country; home more object than
wages. Y. Q., box 163, Call Office. - '
OUNG woman wants ANY KIND of
X work by the day. Call or address MRS.
CLARK. 435% Tehama st.
yOI'XG GIRL WANTS GENERAL HOUSE-
-1 work in private family: $15 to $18. Call at
1919 Websu r St., west end Alameda, near power-
house: no postals.
BY RELIABLE WOMAN, OVER MIDDLE
1* age, as help to elderly couple or general help
to lady doing own cooking: would housekeep for
widower, with family or without. A .dress MRS.
H.. 1065 Bast Seventeenth St., Oakland; no pos-
tals. *r-T7:
m WO SWEDISH GIRLS; FIRST-CLASS COOK
X and second girl: want places together :tirst-cla«s
references. Call or address 1522 gush st.
ip IRST-CLASS COOK I PRIVATE FAMILY
X wants position; understands all branches of
cooking; been in best families In England. Ad-
dress or call P., 947 Howard st.
RELIABLE GIRL WANTS SITUATION to
-TV do general housework or second work. Call or
address 841% Harrison st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES ANY KIND OF
VJ work by the day. Call for 3 days 358 Eleventh.
■11 EFINED YOUNG LADY, SPEAKS GERMAN
XX and English, wishes position as lady's com-
panion: is handy in fancy-work. Call or address
1620 Stockton aU, city. •
O ESPKCTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH
XL a child 6 years old would like to have a place
as cook or general housework; city or country.
Call at 149 Perry St., bet. Third and Fourth.
WIDOW Of 34. WITH 6 YEARS' "experi-
»¥ ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel .or rooming-house: Is also first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. 8.,
box 1, Call Office.
A' OP N G WOMAN, GRADUATE OF NORM L
X School, desires position as governess. Address
P. P.. box 18, Call Office.
SITUATION WANTED BY A COMPETENT
Protestant girl in private family; is good cook;
can give references. 207 Leavenworth st.
r OUNO LADY RECENTLY FROM EUKOPE,
X wishes situation to teach children: thorough
French, German, English and music; or lady's
companion; used to traveling; best of references.
Address box 507, Santa Cruz.
\\J INCHES I ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
»» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
91 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baeeraee to hint from the li-rrv.
SITUATIONS WANTED- MALE.
P^IN^S^A^D^JA^A^'E^E^Ela^L^Y^rENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell; teL K. 426.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; teL Main 1997. BRADLEY 640 Clay.
C. U. COOK'S SOU. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
.branches :Bhort notice. 14 Geary. tel. Grant 48.
W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
. znent office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
APANEsE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. 3148 Sutter: tel. Grant 30.
TTUNTISR <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XX employment office, 17 Webb su, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. •
ECHANIC WANTS A SITUATION; 35:
married: thorough carpenter; -class
painter, decorator and paper-hanger; good ac-
countant; can prepare specifications and accurate
quantities lor contract work. Address Mechanic,
box 18. Call Office.
/GARDENER, FIRST-CLASS, SOBER, MAR-
vJ" ried man, wnnts position in first-class place:
was employed lv five different royal gardens in
Kuropt;; held his first position in California for BV2
years ami Ills last for 4 years: in good bookie . j>. r"
and made his examination in a royal institute.
G. A., box 76, Call Office.
'OUNG SCANDINAVIAN, SOBER AND
honest, wishes situation: city or country; first-
class driver; milk and do gardening work: will
produce best of references as to ability. Address
O. C, box 26, Call.
LJOOKKEEPER WITH 20 YEARS' EXPERI-
JL> ence desires cfflL-e situation; cood references :
will accept moderate salary. Address B. 8., box
101, Call office.
ANDY MAN WOULD LIKE JOB TO LOOK
after repairs of property; can use all kinds of
tools and will furnish same. Address A. 8., box
97, this oflice.
\rOUNIT~COMPOSITOR (GERMAN AS WELL
1 as English) would like position in dally or
weekly paper; small wages asked. Apply G. C,
box 37. Call Office.
yLDERLY MAN WANTS SITUATION TO
Xj look after things, etc Address I. L., 40 Ne-
vada block.
pOACHMAS; YOUNG; SINGLE MAN: FROM
".- the East; aged 25: has first-class reference.
Address C. M., box 10, Call Office.
C>OOD HOUSE-PAINTER WANTS WORK; $2
JT a day or $7 a week and found. Call or ad-
dress PAINTER, 711 California St., room 9.
\ITANTKD-EXPERIENCED MAN, OR MAN
" and wife, to take charge of ranch. Address
H. MORTON, box 81, Call Office.
/COMPETENT POSTOFFICB CLERK; SALBS-
v^ man; experienced telegraph operator; line-
man: position anywhere; security. SIG., box
13, Call Oflice. Oakland.
nOACHM AN~"( ENGLISH) WISHES 81TUA-
\J tion in private family; is a good whip: can
drive anything U(» to four-in-hand; used to polo
ponies and hunters; first-class Australian and
New Zealand references. C. E.. box 141. Call.
/1 ARDE N X X, PRACTICAL, ENGi.lSil,
si ngl , wants situation, private or commercial
place; thoroughly understands card niti^ in all its
branches. Address E. M., box 89, this oflice.
IDDLE-AGED MAN OF G(;OD HABITS,
trustwor.hy, understands plain gardening,
care of horses and cows and all woric about a plac?
city or country, good references. Address Work,
box 15, Call Office.
OHITION TO COLLECT ACCOUNTS BY A
eood reliable man. Address Reliable, box 99,
Call.
T"~RUSTWOKTHY YOUNG GERMAN WANTS
employment as porter, butler, etc, about a busi-
ness or private place: is also cood gardener: can
k'lvc references or security if required. T. V.. box
6. Call.
VVINCHESTKR HOUSE, 44"THIRD, NEAR
»» Market— Klectric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
A GOODCbo_^A"N"i) B AKE"r~W' ANTS SITU-
-». anon for hotel, reHlaurant or boarding-house,
city or country. Please call 545 Mission st.
YOCVO MAN, AGED 26, WISHEH WORK;
handy at anything: wages no object; refer-
ences. Address W., box 165, Call Office.
LMRST-CLAS^ HOTEL, RESTAURANT OR
J shop butcher wishes a place. 604 Ellis sU
7^fl;BT-CLABS~ STEADY" BARBER WISHES
X position lv country or summer resort. Address
JOS. GUVK, 859 Webster St., Oakland, Cal.
AN AND WTFE, NKW ENGLAND PEOPLE,
private place; man understands care horses,
cattle and grounds, general work; wite excellent
cook and housekeeper: reference. Address M.W.,
box 154, Call Office.
RCHARD SUPERINTENDENT OPEN FOR
engagement ; 15 years' California!! experience-
orchard, vines, stock and genera: farming; Al
references. Address Ranch, 812 V* Fulton St.
p ERMAN, KXPKRIENCED GROCERY
VT clerk wishes situation, city or country, or
general merchandise. Address F. X., box 31. 1 all.
AY* A NTED— POSITION IN DRY GOODS OR
'» gents' furnishing store; am a hustlerand have
had 5 years' experience. A<ldress G. L. W., box
10 J, CaU oflice.
U ' I S C I I KSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NF.A R
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 20r 10 $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week: ;n-e bus ah i iiKgtPue 10 and from the ferry.
HKLI' WANTKI).
pBAMBERMA rsi~iGoU NTR V "HOT__7~s2f>
v^ German cook for Santa Barbara, *25- (Jer-
man second girl for Santa Barbara, $20: chamber-
maid and waitress, city hotel. $18; cooks. privat»
family, city. $22 50; cook, private family nenr
city, $i'O: girls for housework, city and country
$15 and $20; girls, light housework, city and'
country, $10 to $16. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Gearj- st.
NNIE BEROBTROM, THE CHAMBER",
maid, please report. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO
llOCicaryst.
\\r ANTED-COOK, SMALL HOTEL, $30, SEE
»» party here at 9 to-day; girl for general house-
work. Rmall family, country, $30: cook, no wash
Americun family, $30- 2 Protestant German or
French second clrlH, $20; ranch cook, $20, and a
large number of girls fora l ! kinds of work in city
and country. J. F. CROSKTT 4 CO., 312 suiter.
WA NTKD-HOUBEWORK G'rRLTfToT'NTRY,
$25: second work, private board Ing-house,
$15 and room; German nursery governess, $25-
German cook, country hotel, $S0; Herman second
girl,s'.'O; 2 nurse girls, $15 and $8: French girl,
housework, $18. LEON ANDRE, 316 Stockton su
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
wedTshT or" germ an girl" for' g1:nI
eral housework, $20, must wash and Iron; also
German girl; good cook; $25; for the country.
MISS HICKEY. 1033 Post BU : ■ ■'-.
/ ■> ERMAN HOUSEWORK GIRL, $20, 3 IN
VI family; also German girl for children and as-
sist upstairs work, $20. MISS HICKEY. 1033
Post su •:■'■' -• ' -■ ' "-
/"I KNKRAL HOUSEWORK GIRLS FOR JEW-
yj Ish families: $15 to $24. Apply MISS
HICKEY. 1033 Post st.
XT EAT YOUNG GIRL. ASSIST WITH UP-
i> stairs work and child, Alameda, $16: also neat
young German gill, mind child, city, $10. MISS
iiICKEY, 1033 Postst ! __ ■ • ■ ■-
MOTHER AND DAUGHTER, $30; GERMAN
or Swedish coo_, $40; German governess, $20;
12 housework girls, city and country, $20 and $25;
6 young girls, assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN,
323 Butter st. '
ORKING HOUSEKEEPER. $10. miss
CULLfcN. 323 suiter st. '
VfEAT RtFINKX) NURSE. $15; NURSE. $20:
-A second girl, $20. MIS s CULLKN. 323 Sutler.
p ERMAN COOK, SAN RAFAEL, $-'5. MISS
vT CULLEN, 323 cutter su ' ■>.-••--■•
XTURSE, SLKEP HOME, $10. MISS CULLEN,
— > 323 Sutter su _^
p ERMAN OR SWEDISH HOUSEWORK
VJ girl, $25. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutler St.
WOMAN WITH A CHILD, $12. MISS CUL-
>V LEN, 323 Sutter su
COOK. SLEEP HOME, $20. MISS CULLEN,
323 Sutter st.
CHAMBERMAID AND WAITRESS, COUN-
try hotel, $15 and $20; waitress, Calaveras
County, $18. fare advanced; housekeeper, $12.
MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay sU
XTKAT GIRL, HOUSEWORK, BAUSALITO, 2
— ' In family, no washing, $25; second girl, Menlo
Park, $20; cook, city, $30; 6 girls for housework,
$20 to $25. 315 Suiter sU
WANTED— 2 FIRST-CLASS LAUNDRY WO-
»» men, wages $35: 2. for laundry, $16 to $20;
see party at office 3 pm. to-day. J. P. JOHN-
STON & CO., 872 Broadway. Oakland.
GENTS WANTED FOR "FEMINA," A WO-
man's book, by Dr. John A. Miller, at his Poly-
clinic Pharmacy, 1018 Valencia si. For women
and children free consultations from 2 to 4.
WANTED— AN EXPERIENCED APPREN-
' » tice at dressmaking. Apply, between 8 and 9,
47 Post su, room 2. ■
ANTED— GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUBF-
'» work: sleep home; wages not over $8. Apply
3 Hartford st.
QALESLADY FOR MUSLIN UNDERWEAR,
O corsets and hosiery. U. 8. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building.
ANTED— GOOD MASSUER AND MANl-
cure for thermo-electric facial treatment. T.
E., box 3, Call.
ANTED — APPRENTICE TO LIiARN
dressmaking: one who understands sewing
preferred. 3235% sixteenth st.
W ANTED-FIRST-CLASS LADIES' CLOTH
>' ironer. Sun Steam Laundry, 764 Seventh st.
Oakland.
WANTED— FIRST-CLASs OIKL; 2 IN FAM-
ily; no washing; wages $25. Apply to J. K.
CARY. 2418 Central aye., Alameda.
W~AIST FINISHER" AND SKIRTM.AKER.
Apply at dressmaker's. 782 Van Ness aye.
I> U TTON HOLE-M AKK RS ON OOATS 108
1> Battery gU
W ANTED— APPRENTICE TO LEARN VEST-
'» making. 502 Washington Bt., room 10.
17* IRST-CLASS CORSET-CUTTER AND FIT-
' ter. C. F., box 73. Call.
\\r ANTED— an APPRENTICE AT hair-
"* dressing. Koom 75, St. Ann's building.
WANTED— A.N EXPERIENCED WAITRESS.
_____!__ St.
GIRL 1 0 ASSIST HOUSEWORK AND 2 CHlL-
dren. Call 23.7 Scott St., bet. 10 and 12.
W A NTED— FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
'* custom coats. 26 Montgomery St., room 9.
C"t OOD PANT* FINISHER: STEADY WORK;
J good pay. 1018 Howard st.
pLOAK OPERATOR WITH OWN MACHINE;
Vj also finishers; good wages. 10 Geary st.
GOOD FINISHERS AND APPRENTICES ON
pants; steady work. 6 Eddy st., room 118.
ANTED— FIRST-CLASS SHIRT IRONER.
>V 10 Oak st.
GOOD FINISHERS ON COATS WANTED.
Inquire 324 Grant aye.
OPERATORS ON BAR COATS, APRONS AND
plain sewing. 422 Turk st.
WANTED— GERMAN CHAMBERMAID.
'» Rosedale, 321 Elllssu
WANTED-APPRENTICE ON pants. 107
'» Fifth st., room 6.
PPRENTICKS ON PANTS: PAID WniLE
learning. 249 Stevenson st., near Fourth.
VOUXO IRL TO ASSIST WITH HOUSE-
X work and mind children. 125 Twenty-ninth st.
WANTED— GOOD PROTESTANT GIRL FOR
'* general housework. 377 Shotwell st.
WANTED-LADIES TO CONSULT MEDIUM
" and planet-reader; 25c 946 Mission st
THIRST-CLASS SKIRTMAKERS. BOWHAY,
X I 504 suiter sU
WOMAN FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK.
• » Apply, with reference, 2228 Clay su, corner
Bncbanan.
ORPHAN GIRL TO TAKE CARE OF TWO
children; school privileges. Call 219 Scott st.
GERMAN - SWISS GIRL FOR GENERAL
VJ housework. 1309 Stockton su
W r ANTED - ANY ONE THAT SUFFERS
with stomach, bowel or kidney trouble, to call
or address, with stamp for reply, DR. CRAIG, 14
McAllister su. rooms 40 and 41.
\\ OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
■M. Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to f 1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week : free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
ASTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRESSING. 250 AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons.fi 60. 1248 Mission.
* PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
■^A. ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms 67 and 68.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught: new styles: perfect fitting patterns
2Sr- co. MCDOWELL Academy. 213 Powell m.
MALE HKLP WAXTKO.
SHoi^^_buNTATN^TE'AMSTERBT~i4O
»na found. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110 Geary.
HEAD LAUNDRYMAN FOR FIRST-CLASS
hotel laundry, country, 65. C. R. HANSEV
At CO., 110 Geary st.
POT WASHER,"" HOTEL, *25; DISHWASHER
X country hotel. «25. C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 110
Geary st.
WANTED— EXPERIENCED DRIVER FOR
'» milk wagon, in city, f3O and found, references
required; butter-maker, $25, for Napa Coantv
man to milk i 8 rows and make butter, $20; Ger-
man or Swiss foreman for a dniry, good place, f3O
and found: also farmers, rooki*, « alters and dish-
washers. W. D. KWKR _ CO., 626 Ciay st.
On TIKMAKiCRS, Sc TO 10c EACH; 3 FARM-
-*V/ ers: 3 woodchoppers, 91 50 cord. MURRAY
& READY, 634 Clay sU
•_> MILKKiS, 920, SAME PLACE, SEE BOSS
O here; farmer and wife. $30; choreman, private
family; cook and wife. 930; 3 cooks. 2 waiters,
boys and other places from 916 to 980 per month
aid found. MURRAY & READY. 634 Clay.
vv A.* ir.l»— r.-NG. ISH OK SCOTCH COACH-
»» man, must milk, $30; cook for a plain restuu-
rHiit, fS a week; etc. LEON ANDRE. 315 Stock-
t in st.
\\' ANTED— CARRIAGESM ITH, $4 A DAY;
»" 2 more quartz miners. *'J 75 a day; 6 swamp-
ers. $26 and board : choreman for ranch : copper-
plat? printer, $2 60 a day ; French or Italian dish-
wasber, $6 a week, find others. Apply to J. F.
CROBETT & CO., 628 Sacrame to su
W ANTED-FIRSTMJLASS LAUNDRYMAN-
»» washing; see party at office at 3 p. m. to-aav:
wages $60. J. P. JOHNSTON & CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland.
ANTED- AN EXPERT MECHANICAL
engineer with necessary capital who would be
willing to become partner in new Invention; I have
discovered a combination of forces whicn will
work an airship against the wind; no storage
battery, gasoline or steam power will be used.
Address or call A. LEWKOWITZ, 7 Rusa st., city.
VIAS WASTED IN THE COUNTRY TO
1»J work in house and garden In exchange for
home and clothes; must be trustworthy and will-
ing; no other need apply: references required.
Hv lett.Tonly. B. X.. Larkspur station.
A 1 O.m X, RESPONSIBLE MAN FOR
x\. branch paying business; good salary and share
of profits: must have $300 to *500 to carry stock.
Address C. S., box SJ, Call Office.
\t ' AVI BD— 4 SCANDINAVIAN OR GERMAN
»» men for a ranch: $'J0 and found: steady place-
Call early, 315 Sutter.
T?IHBT - CLASS CARPENTER WANTED
r with $35 to bay half Interest and take charge
of shop. W. 8., box 69, Call Office.
VyANTED-WAITEK AT 1807 HAIGHT ST.
J" Japanese intelligence office. 413
Stevenson st., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
DVKRTISING AGENTS W ANTED.
Write ANINO, 329 Ellis St.
BOYS WANTED! CALL EARLY, 410
Post st.
ANTED- YOUNG MAN TO WASH DISHES
and help wait at tabie. 272 Braunan st., after
8 a. m.
\kj ANTKD— rfONEST BOY, OVER 16 YEARS,
»T It. grocery. HEGARTY. 1004 Market si.
YkT ANTE D-GOT)_T STRONG BOY TO LKARN
'» blacksmithlng; reference. 828 Harrison sU
pAPER-CARRIER'B MEMORANDUM BOOKS
x on Howard st. Return Call office; reward.
OY IN RETAIL MEN'S FURNISHING
goods store. Address R. W. G.. box 7, CalL
OOTBLACK— I669^ MISSION ST., NEAR
Thirteenth: barber-shop.
HA VK FINE PAYING PROPOSITION FOR
person with some money. P., box 5. Call.
PartnkCin \v kll-"pa y ino~"restacr-
anu 722 Howard st.
C^ OOD SECOND COOK. 43 SECOND STREET.
T
YOUNG MAN A 8 PARTNER; TRAVEL AND
1 appoint agents. RAND, 462 Minna St., after 4.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
GRoc 1 : ry'cler k7f5 iermaiTpre fe rred,
aequatnted witli business and city; references.
E. A. P., box 26, Call office^
WASTE 1 >— DISH WASH KR AT 1504 KEN-
tucky st., Reldy Hotel, Potrero.
X\r A NTED— STEADY SHOEMAKER TO RE-
»» pair. 346 Third st.
2 GOOD RELIABLE MEN TO TAKE ORDERS;
references required or deposit. 9 Geary, room 2.
\\r 66 D-POLIBHKr7~W ANTED. CALL OR
'T address 825 Mission sU
Man to carry the banner for the
People's restaurant, 24 Hayes st.
XJLT ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIBT IN
'» store; salary $75 per month: cbance of in-
crense if deserving: must have $150 cash. Apply
766^ Market St., room 2.
T> AR R KR- S HOP FOiR SALE: II« FIRST-
XJ class location: running 3 chairs steady. For
particulars inqnireat I'JTBOak St., after 6 o'clock.
GooDsiiokmaker can find a splen-
did business opening by applying to J. WEBT-
LAKK. Reno, Nev. Apply by letter at once.
THIRST-CLASS DRY-Cr6oi)S MAN WHO IS A
J good advertiser and can manage a large busi-
iip.s*; must be a rustler aud thoroughly corn-
latent. Call U. 8. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
w aniedHgood shoemaker for soles
Tt and heels. 6 Hunt st.
(BjXA A MONTH~wYfH BOARD: $125 RE,
JT"" quired; good business. Business, box 16-
Cal! Office.
AN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 619 Filbert st.
BARBER-SHOP WORTH $300 FOR $150;
going out of business. STOLZ, 680 Market st.
4 FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGGS,
chops, steak or ham, 10c 635 Clay st.
\\T ANTED— BUTCH FR AS PARTNER: MUST
" understand 10 take charge of shop: first-class
location and cash trade: $200 capital required.
Apply Leaven worth a.; and Broadway.
BARBKi:-SHOP: WELL LOCATED; CHEAP
rent and good business: $125 lr sold at once.
DECKELMAN BROS., 106 Ellis St.
p OAT-MAKER WANTED Ol* CUSTOM
\J coats. 38 Grove su
Pe6p_k""wThhino to make money eas-
X lly apply to 1616 Stockton st.
WANtTTd-BARBKR WITH ONE YEAR'S
experience. Address L.. box 45, this office.
L> A RMKRS- WANTED FURNITURE: 1 OR 2
xt chairs; fine condition; cheap. Barber, box
150, this ..Hi.-.-.
T7a RK _ It- S 1 lOP FOR SALE. 737% MARKET
x> St.. opp. Examiner ofllca; owner going East.
U AHBKRB — FOB SALE; PAYING SHOP.
IJ Particulars apply L. S., 1208 Market st
CTEAMER PORTLAN UTgod^rONNAGE, FOR
O Cooks Inlet Alaska goid fields, sails about
the 16th of May; line accommodations: fare $65;
freight $15; 600 poun.ls bagiiase free. Apply
FRED HOLMES, 606 Battery St.
WA N TED-MEN TO SOLICIT: BIG INDUCE-
ments. C. F. ADAMS CO., 156 Fifth st.
"V ■ w Waldo house. 765 mission, bet.
X> 3*l and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to Boc:week,sl to $? 60: reading-room ;strictest at-
tention to morning calls :clean -.quiet: open all night
\\T INCHEHTE B 1 1 0 D SE. 44THIRDST..NEAR
»» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a Bight; reading-
room : free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
—NTLkMAN WELL ACQUAINTED Tn
1 ity can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing G.. box 95. this office.
S. REMOVED 609TcT6t3 CLAY ST.; _OT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
UOOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 50
XX, per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm si.
IV' ANTED^AT ROOM 817, 328 MONTGOM-
'» cry su. clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; solts: Superior and Justice Courts.
IV ANTED — MEN TO LKARN BARBER
'» fade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber school, 1616 Howard.
pLERKS' AND LABoHhTIS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
VJ ac'ta adjusted. RATTO's, 512 My, tel. m. 353.
I-OUHQLTN S CAL'A ASTHMATIC FAPKR;
-l> Instan; relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy. SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutterst.
CAALF SHOEBMADETO ORDER FOR $2 50;
) balf-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard st.. nr. Sixth.
\\ r ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WKDDKRBURN _ «'O.. Dej.t. L. Patent Attor-
neys. Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prlre offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IlTciTY— SING ' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, $1 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and LeidevJorfl sts.
W ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
» » ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler
1> ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BKC-
> re'.arv Barbers' Aim, 325 Grant are. 8. FCCHS.
IJARBERS* PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
J-> inent secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
ARBEKS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238%0'FarreIL
I INDELL BOUBB, SIXTH AND HOWARD
J I sts.; single furnished Tins 75c week, 16c night.
JUST OPEN-. CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c,
10c, 15c pr night ;clean beds,snnuy rooms, no bunks
T7OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST -10-CENT
x meal try 13% Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
\\l ANTED— _ABOKKRS AND MECHANICS
'"to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150
large rooms; 25c per night; 91 to 93 per week.
HAT~CHKKR HOUSE. 529 SACRAMENTO
• » s:. . 200 rooms; best in the city, single rooms
'20 and 25c a nighl, * 1 a week: meals 10c
EN'S %-SOLINO 60c; LADIES' 40c; DONE
while you wait, 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
"I (\(\ MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
1 "17 and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington su, near Kearny.
"WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
' » your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
6b2 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
\ | EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
•' ' all grocers keep 1U
EN'S , SECOND-HAND SHOES, bOMH
nearly new, 25c to 91 25. 662 Mission.
LCHO KOUSK, 8631/2 MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c., 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $S week.
LiRKE BEER-TWO. SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
x also a bout eof lager. 6c, at 687 Clay st.
rpilY ACMK HOUHE, 957 MARKMT ST., BB-
I low Hixth. for a room: -5c a night; 91 a week.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY: 91
'» T-«ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, 91 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st,
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THJ»
-'V WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing-
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED-LADV'OR GENTLEMEN SOLIC-
■ » ttors for the Perfection wire washboard: city
or country ; 3to 6. afternoons. 23 Davis, rm. 29.
T ADIEB TO CANVASS FOR "FEMINA," A
Xj woman's book, by Dr. Miller; salary and com-
mlsslon. Apply 1018 Valencia st., cor. Hill.
CA N V_ss I ; Its WANTED FOR -THE KARTH
VJ Girdled," by De Witt Talmage. Apply 1031
Market St.. room D. .
HOUSES WANTED. ~~
ANTED TO RENT BY JUNK 1-COMFORT-
" able modern 10-room dwelling, north or west
side of street; Western Addition: for small family.
Address linns. Pogtofflce hox 2651.
ROOMS AY ANTED. ~ "
AArANTED— LARGE UNFURNISHED ROOM.
" lighted from the north or east, with grate or
place, for stove: must be above the first floor.
Address W. A. 8., box 61, this office, stating
terms, which must b<» moderate.
■ PARTNERS WANTED. ■ ■ -•
W^ANTED^Ll YE PMVTNE^TIN'TIVE^BIJst^
* » ness; (JOOO to .fMOOO capital; profits large and
sure. Address Live, box 34. Call.
AVANTED-aiISCEL.L.ANEOUS. "
WANTED— BY A MAN TO LEARN THE
" massage and electric treatment; state price.
Address M., box 62, Call Office. ,
SKLL YOUR BOOKS, CLUTHINO AND JKW
O ell— to A. KLKIN. 109 Slxtli St.: send postaL
lost! ■ ■"
lost— pocket-book, containing A-
pers and badge 203, officer Society Prevention
Cruelty to Animals. Ample reward given for re-
turn of same or information at olhce of the society
or J. 8. p., box 1 Call Office.
CJ»7 REWARD FOX RETURN OF GOLD
«1T * gold cigar lighter. Address X, box 9. Call
Office. ,
OST— LADY'S WATCH. IN VICINITY
Mason and Union sts. Reward at;lo7 Valpa-
raiso st.
LOST—A PARROTT.' LIBERAL REWARD
for its return to 628 Eddy st,
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of san Francisco, in
the name of KLLA W. CARTNEY: No. 184.856.
Th* finder will please return to bank.
T OST— A PASS-BOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan society of ban Francisco in
the name of MARY C. BRENNAN, No. 208,060;
the finder will please return to tiank. ■ ■
ATTORNEYS- AT-_ AAV. ~ ~
BvTc^TinHE^DTv^RCE^I-VWS A SPEcT
ally; private: no charge unless successful: all
lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
LE. PHILLIPS, U. a AND -TATE COURTS'
• damage . suits; law of probate and divorce:
charges moderate. Offices, 508 California st,
J. SOLES, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
. Market st.; advice free.
TJ. MURRAY. ATT' V AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law; advice free. -24 Sixth St., rooms 14, 15.
\\T W. DAVIDSON.ATTORNEY-Ar-LAW.42O
'' . California at., rooms 14 and IS: advice free.
SEWING; MACHINES.
A ll kinds bought, sold, exchanged,
•ex. rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
PERSONALS.
"yOLNO MAN. CONTEMPLATING MAR-
J- riage, desires to form the acquaintance of a
i>eri-an-speaki_g lady of from -5 to 35 years,
medium site and who is willing to assist him in his
restaurant. Please address J. _.. box 8, Call.
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER CO.. MERCHANT
Tailors. Bpreckels building, 927 Market St.,
room 317. Gentlemen furnishing their own cloth
can have suits or overcoats made from $9 upward:
trousers $2 up; workmanship and trimmings guar-
-1 anteed; self-measurement cards sent free; conn-
\ try trade solicited.
Tv VO , YOUNO MEN ABOUT TO MAKE A
x business trip through Mexico and Central Amer-
ica, aesire to arrange with one or two responsible
houses of this city with a view to transacting busi-
ness, collecting their bills, etc.; best of credent la
99 to reliability and integrity. Address P. N. box
yy, can Onlce.
VI V WIFE, EMILY SASS, HAVING LEFT
-JJ. my bed and board, I am not iesponslble for
any debt contracted by her. HENRY MASS.
WANTED— FOX ADOPTION, A LITTLE GIRL
. - V_.tp 6 years old. Address MRS. SARAH
ALLhN. Berkeley, stating particulars. I
VOX ADOPTION-HEALTHY BOY BaBY; 2
J years of age: S2OOO cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress H.. box 285. Call Office.
LOUIS MILLKK. THU ACCORDIAN-MAKEK,
removed to 706 Miiaiou su. near Third.
A »VIC_ FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-n dally; private: no chars:* unless successful; all
law suits. claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
rp BUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
1 ra . n S , r -° m »»ny. 43 Sutler st.; telephone
main 49; keep your checks for us.
TTAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY
ct?T b^ ls ' ness Places and real estate. T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. . ... . -
rr-HE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS-
*■ ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name la G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
piANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME, 60c
— and $1; best reference. P. L., box 18, Call.
WILL JAMKs R. WELSH. RAILROAD
aVn r^ k ? man ' formerl >' of Columbus, Ohio, and
si. Paul, Minn., or any one who knows of him or
his whereabouts, commimicaie with the under-
signed at once. C. E. BRAY, General Agent Chi-
cago and Northwestern Railway. 2 New Mont-
Romery su, San Francisco.
T3EWARD-THE MASTER PAINTERS' AS-
Xtj sociation offer a reward of $20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one
stealing tools or material from any of the places
where work Is being done.
1 (100 CAR_~r»T6O: SHOW CARDS. 15c:
X < >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary su, r. 39.
"OEAUTY,"A HANDSOME, ILLUSTRATED
■" book on the toilet, presented free to any lady
calling at 143 Phelan building between 12 and 6.
HA DRKSSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
25c; shampoo, 25c: manicure, 25c: lessons
given : face preparations. MRS. 81/rLER.I3I Post.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
-air Wash: cures diseases: lake no other.
ONOLTK PAYS CASH FOR OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'Farrell su
RAZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
AT THE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTUS-
CHII.D'3, 213-216 Mason st- ; open evenings,
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM 1
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
! 200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SWT ROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
PARTLNUTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partlngten,R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st,
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
/"IITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, ren.cved from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
| ton; first-class laundry. MRS, JaUSSAUD.
I £> 1 A HOOM: _AKPKT_ CLEANED ON IHS
tip X floor. 206 Leaven worth st.
"IMG OUTDOOR STKREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
IJ ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
venleements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
LD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
rpHK ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT.
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 35c; hats trimmed 26c; feathers curled 5c
| LIBERAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
j -I— elry, etc : lowest rates. 948 Market su
pLOAKH. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J n:fni cost. Factor--. '.'0 Hnmpm* w:., iinstalri.
IMiKSSMAKKKS. .
R ESSES *2 UP; WRAPPERS 35CENTS UP;
1/ lawn 91 up. .SOB Natoma St.. above Sixth.
CLAIKVOV ANTS. ' '
------ ■•--■-■• -"^ -~ --- --- — ■-- - a
50 cts and (I—so cts and .sl—so cts and 91.'
"KNOWLEDGE IS POW_R."
Therefore consult the treat clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DX VERE,
1728 MARKET ST. ,
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
I are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
i matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
: ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
I courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost I
' or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure Dad
i habits and destroy evil influence* in half the
j lime required by the best of the other mediums.
I Remember, there are but few mediums in the
i world that can work these wonders, and none out-
! side of the eminent professors in san Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. io Bp. _. Sundays 2 to 6p. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st.
ADVICE and
assistance to all.
When yon wlsn to consult a true disciple of
clairvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNKLLE 1? the greatest
llvtnc; exponent of the true science of clairvov-
ancy. You wili find him a wonderful beimc. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infalliole and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you just what you want to
know. Others may have failed you; Professor
Cartielle never does, but has always given the
moot complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st.
ME. PORTER, CARD- ItEADKR; TK_LS
past, present, future: ladles 60c, gents fl:
palmistry, clairvoyaut, sittings *1 50. 126 Turk su
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TKLLKR IN
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
yPST LIFK-RKADE R; L~VDIES, 25c";
gents, 60c ; readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
ME MOKK.W". BEST MKIHUM: REVEAf.S
past, present and future; 25c up. 764 Howard.
ME. LEGETTE; PR ESKNT, PAST AND FU-
ture. 25c 311 Tehama. upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. RAVENA READS" LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
MM K. ST SWART; G RKATESI' CARD KEAD-
erand clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marrlaire: ladies or gents 50c. 917 Market, 3 and 4.
MX. LENEMAR — FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted in '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on island. 11 Tavlor St.. cor. Market.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee '^5 cents. 914 O'Farrell st.
ETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
RS. B. HAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dium and carti-render. 132 Turk st.
MME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
erby egK< and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake lm-
posslble: fee 91; letter >2. 9-9 Post St.. nr. Larkin.
__________________ __
SPIKITUAL.ISM.
m~~~ LARKIN — TO-NIGHT TESTS; MRS.
HENDEE ROUGERS and others: physi-
cal manifestations by HENRY CRINDLE and
FRANK HORTE: 10c ■ ■ ■
JOHN SLATER TEST SEANCE TO-NIGHT,
Mozart Hall, 1368 Market st. Admission 15
cents. Private sittings dally. Office 865% Market,.
Rsi J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings 91. "IK Stockton st-
. ; _^ ' _ _^^_ DENTISTS. ■' . ■
D"""" RTLTTTTTtA^T_^xTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work . and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
GROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
vJ ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
frm 95; fillings frm $1 ; extracting 60c, with gas $1.
$7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
• good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dt-ntist.. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST..
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting SOc; gas ;ivcn.
ONEBT WORK; VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLK, 628 Montgomery, rm. I.
1/<ULL SET OF TEETU, 97: WARRANTED
X five years. DR..V. CAVaLSKY, 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
(-■■ YOUNG. 1841 Polk SI.
1 )R. GEORGE W. LEEK. TH_ GENUINE.
-*--' Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of . improved bridge work or teetn
without any plat*, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
Pa in less . EXTRACTION. 6Oo; crown
bridge work a specialty; plates, 95 up: lSvears'
experience. R. L. WALsII. D.D.S.. 815-^ Geary.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDUE-
XJ work a specialty ; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
/ OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 IUAH-
V^ ket st. DR. CHARLEH W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET. COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
AH WORK .REASONABLE AND WA*
ranted. DR. J. \v. KEY. 1122 Market st.
CHANCES.
\TOTrCK — TO SELL™YOTJIf bItsTnESS
_i promptly for cash. HEALY &CO.. 23 Kearny.
fl_9"l A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE PAR-
s?■£■*>"• lor north of Market: clearing $80 per
month: bargain: trial. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny.
9XAA GRAND CHANCE: BAKERY,
tg)£*u\J\J. confectionary and restaurant: In a
leading city: short distance from San Francisco;
business of $40 per day; large cake trade: 250 out-
side customers; 2 horses. 2 wagons: par. cash; trial
before purchasing. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st
ELEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
vicinity Market st. HEALY. 23 Kearny su. !
SOCA BRANCH BAKERY. CANDY AND
-uu. variety store at the Mission; 6 rooms,
with furniture. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny sU
mo SELL YOUR BUSINESS FOR CASH RIGHT
X away see or send to STANLEY, 21% Third.
Oil ~t\ PARTNER WANTED IN LIGHT
«lnJ-tJv/. rash business; good wages made; trial
given before buying: no previous experience re-
quired. STANLEY. 21% Third st.
RESTAURANT AT YOUR OWN PRICE;
must be sold; same hands 2 years- good trade;
finely fitted: good looat;on. STANLEY, 21% 84.
d oka RESTAURANT; GOOD PLACE; LOW
£O\J ■ rent: bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third.
<J_ /'AM .GROCERY; GOOD STORK; FINE"
tjpVJv". location: well fitted; great bargain;
good stock. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
flj^nn RESTAURANT, GOOD LOCATION;
«JP«JI»U. splendid trade. STANLEY. 21 Va Third.
o^A(\(\ RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY:
«JP"_UU. receipts $15 oay; low rent. 21% Third.
J.QAA BAKERY. LARGE CASH TRADE;
■TOUI/. bargain. STANLEY. 21 Third St.
$_;rrw~v MANUFACTURING BUSINESS
«p»JUV/. partner wanted, handling staple arti-
cles in general use; goods sold to the wholesale
trade only; plenty Of stock and orders on hand, as
will be satisfactorily proven; money to be In-
vested in the business to enlarge the same. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market su
ffljl^A PARTNER WANTED; NICE CASH
tipl. O\J. business: can be increased with help of
good man: fine horse and buggy: will snlt any one
wanting an active paying business; clears $65 to
$75 to each; chance in a lifetime; don't miss It.
GEO. STEWART, 602 Market St., Crocker build-
ing, downstairs.
I~F YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSl-
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
CM HZ! RESTAURANT; 6 TABLES; NICE
«£) XUV/. range:everything complete: nlceliving-
rooms; cheap rent; paid to June 1. T. LUBEL-
SKI. 7 City Hall aye.
A SNAP— HALF INTEREST IN MEAT MAR-
ket doing 820 daily; good horse and cart for
delivery: fullest investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7
City Hall aye.
CjOXA 9-ROOM LODGING-HOUSE: RENT
•Hs_-_»V/. paid to 17th InsU and Insured for two
months: all for the benefit of the purchaser. T.
LUBELSKI, City Hall aye.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me at once, as I have
customers on hand. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall
avenue.
<3i9nfl FINE COFFEE AND LUNCH
»IP.— ic/l/. place; all In running order: the rent
only 10 a month; taking in $8 to $20 per day;
you will never get a chance like this again. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
SHO KSTO E. FINE COUNTRY TOWN: ES-
tabllshed 15 years; large profits; will sell for
65 per cent on cost. DKCKER, 1020 Market st.
A 07i CANDY-STORE ON MARKET ST.;
tip-t\J\J. clears $100 per month. DECKER,
1020 Market at.
©1 inn COFFEE AND OYSTEK HOUSE;
qpXXV/U. nr Baldwin. DECKER. 1020 Market.
OT ICE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELLRKS-
—.i taurants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
•>"./") BUTCHER-SHOP, OLD ESTAB-
i£*J*J\J. lished: 2 horses, wagons: low rent: a
great bargain. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny st.
ffl?9^A WAI. YARD, HORSEs, WAGONS,
t_s_j Kf\J. building, stock, etc.: 5 years ground
lease; rent $6: a bargain. 26% Kearny si.
A 1 PAYING SALOON; GOOD STOCK AND
"- fixtures; central location; low rent; rooms;
make offer. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st. •
OTEADY, RELIABLE. MAN TO ATTEND
O cash counter and assist In restaurant; good
position for suitable man; small capital required.
STENBERG CO., 632 .Market St.
Q-l^O FISH AND OYSTER MARKET; 4
«JPT'»-'v/. living-rooms connected; rent $17 50;
weekly profits S-O; owner 12 years; retiring from
business. STENBERO CO., 632 Market St.
ft (\ (\flf\ DYEING AND CLEANING BUSI-
C""""' ness, building included: low ground
rent: all Implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary fo» first-class business: owners
worked it successfully las: seven years: always
made money; . thorough investigation and satis-
factory tr.al given: owners remain until posted.
TEN BERG CO., 632 Market sU . -
fflj'JOX BRANCH BAKERY AND DELICA-
')—.*). cies store: 2 living-rooms, bath, fur-
nised ;suitahle for family. STENBEUO,632 Market
© I / |/)| l FOX SALE THIS WEEK; OLD ES-
«IPXv/V/w. tabltshed restaurant; near Market:
receipts $40 dolly: full Investigation; trial given:
going to Kurope. STKNBKRG <fc CO., 632 Market.
'JO/ 1 A 25-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
O— —.''". and building; will take Dart payment
or part city property: good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBKRG CO., 632 Market street.
pORNERGROCERY AND BAR; A SNAP TOR
VJ the price: location: stock worth the l -Ice
asked. LYNCH & SEERY. 935 Market st.
ANTED— 3 DAY S' NOTICE TO SELL YOUR
business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH & SERRY."93S Market st.
© 7 CfV CORNER grocery and BAR.
O I Ox.', with living-rooms, on Polk st. low
rent; good place: kept by owner for years.
WILKE _ WOLF. 531 California st.
Q/JXfi FINE SALOON: DOING GOOD BUSI-
-<iprkO\J. ness: fine fixtures: large stock; bil-
liards and pool; best location. REID 13% sixth.
<si_P\rt CREAMERY AND DELICACIES;
«ipt:«)". well paying business in good location;
nice store and living-rooms; average sales $10 per
day; bargain. L. OESTERREICHER, 630 Mar-
ket St., opp. tbo Palace.
pOFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE FOR SALE;
V' fine location: see it. DECKER. 1020 Market.
<_f»c GOOD PAYING CORNER SALOON:
«_>— — O. a bargain. HEGARTY. 1004 Markeu
Q>-\ O(\(\ BEST CORNEK BAR IN WHOLE
O XO VJU. sale district: money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE <_ WOLF, 581 Cali-
fornia st.
■L-ORSALE— 94SOO: 2-STORY BUILDING.;CON-
j mining salcon, barber-shop and lodging-house of
10 furnished rooms; brings a rent or $90 per
month: opposite C. P. railroad depot. Apply to
owner, C. WALLSTAB. Wadsworth, Nev.
"L-'OR SALe— THE OLDEST ESTABLISHED
.1 dry goods, clothine and millinery business in
Alameda. N. STRAUSS CO , Park sU, Alameda.
O A LOON FOR SALE OR TRADE: CITY
O front; on account of sickness; fine business.
Room 88. Chronicle building. .;. .-..<-"J
REAT BARGAIN; ~ONE OF BEST RES-
VX taurants in city; daily from 915 to $20. Apply
Call Office. - .
CjOnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
tJpcJv/v/. living-rooms: hole, wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent $42 50: Western Addition : doing good
business; value in sight; call at once. WILKE „
WOLF, 531 California st.
U> 1 Zl\f\ ESTABLISHED OUTSIDE BUSI-
-•JP-l«J''\/. ness, clearing $125 per month* in-
vestlgate. C E., box 76, Call Office. ,
IT<INE BUSINESS FOR A MAN WITH 910,000-
T 100 percent per year easily. Address Business,
box 51. Call Office. . ■ . ..
tTruitstore FOR sale CHEAP. 1105
r Howard st.
QQAA SALOON, BOARDING AND ROOM-
tJpOV/V'. ing house: on front 27 rooms; good
business: must sell st once; owner leaving City.
PIERCE, 22 Kearny st. J
A LOON — OPPOSITE NEW CITY HALL;
good location. Address P. a. 435 Thlrteetnhsu
_ LHAMBRA MINERAL SPRINGS TO
_rV rent, cheap— lo9 acres of land: 17 rooms, un-
furnished; baths; beautiful location; 5 miles from
Martinet. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
|. UTCHER-SHOP TO LET, WITH OR WITH-
L> out fixtures; cheap. 1806 Howard st.
rjr RESTAURANT; OWNER GOING
<p I <J. East; must be sold to-day. 51 Second st.
TjUNK BRANCH BAKERY, WITH GROCERY
X and soda-water stand: in good location. In-
quire in Call 1 'Hire.
VJT_ADY MAN AS PARTNER IN DOWN-
kJ town chophouse: owner is good cook. Call 210
Drumm si. from 8 till 2. ; ■ 7.
■< 7 X BAKERY, CONKKCTION-
»IT • *J. cry and cotions; good location. 3312
Mission st., opposite carbouse.
T^OR SALE-GOOD PAYING GROCERY AND
r bar, wood and coal, hay and grain.- boarding-
stable, teaming, all combined: 5 years' lease- 8
years established. Call northeast corner Fifteenth
and Guerrero sti v
W B^_g /iF^llilgg^g
PRINTING PLANT: RARE OPPORTUNITY
X for a beginner with cash capital; comple.e out-
Call Office! " ° nCe ' Addre » 9 Printer, box 73,
Call Ottlce.
$_Jf)0 V O?l ' A £S U IT ANE VEGETABLE
»i .! re; agood horse and wagon included;
good location; must be sold by the 20th of Miv
rent $18. Apply 2325 Mission st., near Twentieth:
* k >()0 «<»«-> P~ PAYING RESTAURANT
2?ii , ne ?f Montgomery and Market sts.; rent
$-0; must sell at once: family trouble; greatest
l>:ir-.-a'n. UILkE _ WOLF, 531 California st.
\\/ HOLKSALE ; LIQUOR . STORE, DOING
saloo^syThlS st' eHUe ° r eiChaoSe f ° r a gOOd
& '7^ ' 9 OOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
$?.., I. , Dakor Rood location. HEGARTY,
1004 Market st. .
LM)RSALE-AN ESTABLISHED MANUFAC-
x turlng business: grocers' and dmgqists' sun-
dres: can be bought for about $4000. Address,
for particulars, T. 8., box 67, this ortice.
<Sl 9->i) A RESTAURANT WITH NEW BLD'Q
tIP_.»>UV/. on long ground lease; best location
on city front; money-making place: cash or part
In real estate, WJLKK _ WOLF, 631 California,
1 PAPER ROUTE IN CENTER OF OAK
land. C. D.. box 9, Cail Office, Oakland.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
BUY CIGAR. STATIONERY
tIP I • \J and notion business: positively clearing
over $100 per month; building ii eluded; ground
rent small: creat bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF,
921 Market St.
(Bt H Ifl FRUIT AND VEGETABLE 8TOBE;
«jF>.M'U. best busineas street. BARRETT <S
SKIFF, 921 Market st.
SQ7C COAL AND WOOD YARD DOINO
tJpOl _>. goot business; must b» sold at once;
engine and boiler Is worth the money; trial given.
Call 810 Sixth m.
CTEADY EMPLOYMENT; GOOD SALARY
O and interest to sober man; must have $1500;
no other need apply. S. X.. box 151, Call Office.
ante d-bTt^helTblTsTn ess in cou n-
try town: must be cheap. Address Butcher,
box 10, Call Office, Oakland^
UgOCA SALOON WITH 3 LIVING ROOMS;
*TP-dO\J. rent $22 60; near Wells-Fanjo'i oilice:
owned by brewer. WILKE & WOLF, 53i Cali-
fornia st.
nHA.NCE FOR WOODWORKER |TO ENTER
\J busineas; small cap.tal. CJ. 11., box 75, Call.
OOD COFFEE-MILL. NO. 18, SHOWCASE,
scales and groceries for sale cheap. 112 San
Jose aye.
» OR SALE— IHK MUSICAL SHOOTING GAL-
J lery located 1187 Market sr. (Central Park),
consisting of musical and automatic targets, air-
gun-", rifies, etc. ; all comolete; will be sold at a
bargain.
ujjOXA BAKERY MUST BK SOLD ACCOUNT
*Ip_j«J\». of sickness; store, 5 rooms, cellar, yard;
rent $15; portable oven: all store trade. Apply
Mission Bakery, 1906 Mission st.
<Bil (\(\ FRUITSTORE: BEST LOCATION IN
«C)-LV/U. the city for the right man. Apply 16
City Hall square.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call.
X'OR SALE-CHEAP; THE BEST ADAPTED
-F bulcher shop in the city; other business cause
of selling; no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
AIRY PRODUCE AND DELICACY STORE;
must be sold on account of sickness: make an
offer. 412U, sixth st.
pORNER SALOON FOR SALE CHEAP;
\J leaving city ; rent $20. 865 Bryant St.
OA TO $100 INVESTED BY OUR METHOD
~\J of Turf Speculation will yield you an Income
of $25 weekly; have never lost a dollar foracltent.
Our book on '•Successful Turf Speculation"
mailed free, MORRIS _ CO., 112 Dearborn su,
Chicago.
$1 1 GROCERY AND BAK; 3 ROOMS;
LJU. well stocked: |bargaln. SW. cor. Flf-»
teenth and Noe.
T. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,
25x75, including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
T~75 HORSESHOERS-THE BEST HORSE-
shoeing business In San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. BRUSE, 1061 Golden Gate aye.
FOR SALE— A TAILOR-STORE IN A FINE
location; very cheap; must leave at once on ac-
count of sickness. Call at 1001 Mission st.
mo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel and bar: rent $25.
Apply C. DL'CKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket st.
(»1 CA GROCERY AND BAR; 2 LIVINU-
<P-i-C>U. rooms. Apply Call Office.
ADY OF MEANS WANTS GENTLEMAN
partner with $50; country proposition. Room 2,
1-Mason st.
ARRIA<JE AND WAGON SHOP; GOOD
business; 17 years in same block. Apply this
office.
OR SALE CHEAP— WELL-ESTABLISHED
candy, tobacco, cigar, stationery store; fine busi-
ness; reason for selling, nave to go East. Apply
store, 1314 Howard su, bet. r«Tinth and Tenth.
GIJLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD — GOLD— CAN
beat Alaska or the Gold Exchange; California
gold mines for sale cheap; quartz gold mines, with
mills running and pay ins big profits, at low prices
and easy terms: some splendid newly discovered
ledges showing good- paying outcrops, and are sure
to develop into rich paying mines, from $2000 to
$3000: 1 splendid claim, free-milling quartz lode,
only $110O : other rare bargains. CHARLES F.
BLACKBURN, K. M., 1 nternauonal Hotel, S. F.
FOR SALE— A BARGAIN: TIN AND PLUMB-"
ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
<2J 99 C CANDY^STORE. WITH SODA
tJp._i_.U. fountain, 6 Icecream freezers, 2 stoves,
candy ketile, shelves, counters, stock of candy,
tables, chairs, etc. HICKOK, 873 Vi Market sU
LBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,"
NE. cor. Everett St., for sale.
For rent Tun furnish eh— the -gran-
lte House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
contafning parlor, dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in good repair and flue location;
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
going into the hotel business; extra inducements
offered. Address LOU IS K.LUMPP, Folsom. Cal.
poRNKR GROCERY AND BAR - WELL
\J stocked: splendid location: other business
cause cf sale. all. cor. Fifteenth and Castro sts.
LODGING-HOUSES FOB SALE.
TLOmiSfFis^FLATrNEW;.'.^'.^. '.'..: 9700
15 rooms; fine corner ; 150
10-room house, worth 91000; price 400
40 rooms; fine for transient. 700
20 rooms on Fourth at,, 0n1y...... ..■ 6OJ
16 rooms on Taylor 5t;.'.*....i..."....r.".;';i..'... '''760
45 rooms on Market st ..... .. '250J
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
\\T ELL-KEPT HOUSE 9 ROOMS; NICELY
<•'» furnished; good location; near Market; price
$300. STKNBERG _ CO., 632 Market. .
I"~F YOU WANT TO BUY OR SELL A LODG
X ing-house quick, see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City
Hall aye.
Q7OH 20- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE, PAY-
I IV7V7. ing about 9100 per month; will stand
fullest investigation; investigate this rare snap;
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Q%A ROOMING HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; AL-
(t3p_i_Ju. ways full; good location; nice house;
central: great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third st,
I" ODGING-HOUSE 37^ ROOMS FOR SALE
X.J cneap; income $240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st.
I3OR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE,
22 Sacramento St., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted; gas: water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished ai.d in order for immediate pos-
session; this hotel is especially, adaptea for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market St.; established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
owner on premises.
FURNITURE FOX SALE.
TVURNITURE^OF ¥'ko6mS^Aß_^_ClbE_U
■E room, kitchen: no agents. . 334 Bryant st.
Oil SALE— FURNITURE AND CARPETS OF
X I 5 rooms, kitchen stove and complete house-
keeping outfit; no second-hand dealers.' 638V_
Jessie st. .
T?OR SALE— FURNITURE OF 8-ROOM FLAT
I 112 Eighth st.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time; open evenings.
11 1 RE SALE ! '■ ~~ — "
X 1 Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed seta.... , 918 53
Bed lounges _ 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 55
Linoleum, per yard ;— ;; . 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these' prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sta. J.
NOON AN. . . ...
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-'
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
A()[\ carpets; CHAMBER sets, $14;
ttVv stoves, 95; parlor sets. $20: folding-beds,
$10: bed- oonges. $7. T. D. McCarthy 1124 th.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $73
tt _tedlounges trimmed with plush .$5 50
Brussels Carpet, laid.. 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 40a up
Window shades in s colors '.250 up
SHIREK _ SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite
(-rant avenue; no branch stores.
FURNITURE AY ANTED. ~
OECOND-HAND FURNITURE^ WANTeTtO
O fill country orders; I will pay good prices. T.
LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AM ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth »U
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
t ure and merchandise see BURP, -211 Larkin.
FORK SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
BASCH, 321 BUTTER. WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
H MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: teL Jessie 761.
ALL ON J. C MUTHER. 621 KEARNY, IF
you want highest cash price for your furniture,
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of any kind.
CAKPET CLEANING.
A^PETTcLißA^EiDl'3crA^A^jTr__l_r3ci
Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st-
Air HEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
VV poor worK send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama su; tel. so. -10.
ONKLIN'S CARPET _ EATING WORKS. 333
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 25 and 27 Bth.
(~\ BEAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET CLEAN-
VJ Ing Works. Tel. So. 576; ' 14 Bth su B. Üb_*t.
PITY STEAM CARPET CL_ A NING.RENOVA-
\J ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL south 250.
pREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
vJT ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE, office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie -'53.
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON <fc CO.. 23 Tenth: t_.
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH _CO.. successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th st. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND KEN-
. oviitln" works. 4fiS Stevenson: l«»l. south 228.
BICYCLES.
DARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO LetT
_ best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Ho
, Allister and Powell st. car ltuea.HOUSES TO LET.
(»I^~HOUBE 6 sIjNNY^ ROOMS AND
O'O. bath. 624 Locust aye., off Laguna st.
<2f*>n 41 EVKKETT ST.. BET. THIRD AND
•»U. Fouth; 17 rooms. ASHTON A GARD-
INER, 411 Montgomery st. '
R"~ARE CHANCE — MODERN house of 7
rooms and bath; newly painted and papered:
everything first-class: fine location: 1909 Kdd>,
near Devieadero: rent $30. Apply P. C. MOLLOY,
138 Montgomery st. ' , , -
OUiSE 7 rooms: MODERN improve-
ments. 1216 Treat a-ve.. opp. Gar field square.
CONVENIENT HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
VJ St., off Howard, near Seventh. ■
T OOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINE AND
XJ Scott, $28; 9- room house, '-6 Franklin, near
Market, $38; reduced $12 each.
"ijit'JA HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
is)O\J . 1723 Clay St., near Van Ness aye.
WEREN'T MANY HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»» treat people right. BALDWIN A HAM-
M'>Nl> 111 .Montgomery st.
FIKNISHEU HOUSES.
COMPLETELY FURNISHED: 8 ROOMS;
VJ bath: sun on three sides: marine view; piano
•lid machine, if desired : $35. 2705 Laguua st.
IN BELMONT; 3 MINUTES FROM STATION:
elegant furnished residence of 14 rooms; bath
and Hi I conveniences; stable, coach-house, etc.;
responsible party more of a consideration than the
rent. For particulars, etc, apply to G. H.
UMBSEN & Co., 14 Montgomery at. ' '
Q9Q PARLOR, BEDROOM, DINING-ROOM,
<IP_O. sewing-room, bath, kitchen: all neces-
arieg. 1917 •Hr.v st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
71 *> NINETBKNTH. N l vnTcHURCH^CO?
I X— tage. 5 rooms »nd bath; stable.
UNNY CO'JTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
O large basement: yard. Cor. Dolofe* and 15th.
. FURNISHED FLATS. ■
Q 0 N N Y~HAN DSOMEL Y^U^R^sTsTi^lTil^Oo";
0 of 4 rooms, bath, eta; suitable for family or
physician: reasonable. 913 Polk, near Geary.
1 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT r
X — — nicely furnished for housekeeping: $25.
FLATS TO LET.
007 CLKME'NTINA^i BOOHS; fiiToOOD
Oil order. ■ ■
780 Harrison — 5 rooms and bath; $20; good
oraer.
355 Fourth— Upper flat; 5 rooms and bath; $18;
good order.
mo LET— LOVELY FRENCH FLAT 6 ROOMS:
1 a beautiful view. 12 Pleasant st., off Tavlor. ■
SUNNY UPPER FLAT.: 6 -ROOMS AND
bath; latest Improvements; large basement.
6 Adair, off Howard, bet. Fifteenth and Sixteenth.
1"I Q FULTON— FINE MIDDLE FLAT OF 7
JLIO rooms and bath; $28.
(">(* BASEMENT AND LARGE YARD. 728
tIPU. Harrison st., bet. Third and Fourth.
QIO THREE LARGE ROOMS; -YARD. 409
0 lO< Thirteenth st., above Valencia.
FLAT— 3 LARGE ROOMS, YARD AND BASE-
menu Iv 3 San Jose aye.. near 23d: $11.
/•I _» LINDEN AYE.— FLAT OF 6 ROOMS:
UJLO modern Improvements; cheap rent.
Q I 9 BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 3 ROOMS.
«IP *■**• 28 Ritch St., near Folsom aud Third.
TTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS; RENT $15.
*J 436V_ Clementina st., near Sixth.
P. j i IK— FLAT 4 ROOMS; RENT REA-
i>*±l son able.
\" EW SUNNY FLAT; 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
Xi all modern improvements; reasonable. 2926
Washington st. ■- -
Q»-\ Q CONVENIENT 6-ROOM FLAT; SUN-
. «D-LO. ny. Cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
near Castro.
ICE MIDDLE FJ-A.T: 8 ROOMS: BATH; $30.
--' Third st. near Harrison; key at 417 Third. •
1 £07 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
IOUI fiat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
ROOM FLAT; VERY CONVENIENCE.
282 Natoma St., nr. Fourth.
FLAT, 6 ROOMS, $14; ALSO SUNNY COT-
tage, 4 rooms, $11. 629 Second st. '■■.->.-,
*• UNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
T OWKR i-LAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
. XJ side of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Hlngold
et., bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79/-1 MCALLISTER — FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
I --Us modern improvements: rent reduced.
A V ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
' ' fiats; special terms; $10 up. SPECK A CO..
602 Market st.
T\/"E KENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN <Sc HAM-
MOND, 10 .Montgomery st.
LEO ANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
low .Brvant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $3 to $16.
~ HOUSEKEEPINti IIOO3IS.
Brannan Street.
. O9 A BRA N.TA-V-O.VB- lit 3 ÜBBVM
OO\J niahed sunny rooms housekeepg; use bath.
Buchanan Street.
101 7 BUCHANAN — 3 UNFURNISHED
-» "X I rooms and bath for housekeeping.
Buena Vista Avenue.
1 *: EUENA VISTA AYE.. OFF BAKER AND
J«J Ilaipht— 2 sunny furnished housekeeping rma.
Bush Street.
1 A I O BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE; PLEASANT
J-ttXO bouse: private family; reasonable: re fries.
. California Street.
9fiqi CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— «J»J X nished rooms and bath for housekeeping;
• heap.
Eddy Street.
1 9AA NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE
X— U keeping rooms: also sunny rooms.
Q1 7 KDUY-Nl< KLY FURNISHED FRONT
Ox I housekeeping looms; splendid location;
private family.
Ellia street.
C 09 ELLIS— FOURJSUNNY UNFURNISHED
oO- rooms, with bath.
a<JQ KLLIS, CORNER OF LARKIN-SUNNY
\)OO furnished front room; light housekeeping.
• fifth Street.
49Q1 FIFTH — FRONT ROOM; KITCHEN
t-C» furnished, complete for housekeeping;
first floor. . T
Folsom Street.
OCX FOLSOM— 2 NICE SUNNY HOUSE-
-000 keeping rooms: bath; separate yard; $3.|
"1/J/jQA >OLSOM— SUNNY ROOMS FUR-
±\J~±O nished for housekeeping: $10 and $11.
Franklin Street.
Al C FRANKLIN'— I OR 1 FURNISHED
ttX«J rooms for housekeeping; gas; running
water; bath.
drove Street.
1 p/\ GROVE, NEAR LYON-3 SUNNY CON-
-1 Dl O nectlng rooms; gas, bath; $8.
Heriu.-ittn Street.
OC HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA-1 OR 2
rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen: gas and bath.
Howard Street.
C 9?; HOWARD-ROOMS FURNISHED COM-
UZ.O plete for housekeeping.
70 d HOWARD, COR. THIRD-FURNISHED
I Ut roams, en suite or single; also housekeep-
ing, cheap. ■ • ■ •
I \ \ K k HOWARD-PLEASANT FURNISHED
XV/vJ(J housekeeping rooms.
"I 1 9 HOWAKD-2 .SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
xxrr^ housekeeping rooms: water: rent $12 GO.
Jessie Street.
47R JE J SIE rd ROOMS NEATLY FUR-
-IIU nisaed for housekeeping. ; • , ■
Kearny Street. '
OOA KEARNY — HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS-
—O> • gas or coal stove; also other rooms. . '
Lark in Street.
pi Q LARKIN— NEATLY FURNISHED SUN.
\JXD ny room; kitchen; complete for housekeepg.
Leaven worth street.
C] Cl LEAVENWORTH — 2 COMPLETELY
OlO<z furnished housekeeping rooms; no chil-
dren; 1 to 4 p. m. ' "
Sioss Street.
1 O MOSS, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SEVENTH—
XO 2 furnished rooms for housekeeping.
'.'■'■:'• Ninth Street.
9A NINTH, NX. MARKET-FRONT HOUSE-
— U keeping; single: suites: s:nve; gas: $10 up.
1 9r 4 ' NINTH— HOUSEKEEPING AND SIN-
X — yj'4 gle rooms: $4 and $8; no children allowed
Natoma Street.
741 s ATOM A, COR. NINTH —SUNNY
l IX front furnished rooms for light housekeep-
ing; also single.
Octavia Street.
1 403 OCTAVIA, COR. GEARY: SUNNY
-*-^U«J furnished bay-window room with kitchen.
' O'Karrell street. / \
AOZ O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
rt^*J rooms for housekeeping; reasonable. '
Q9O O'FARRELI— FKONT ROOM, KITCHEN
%J4.*J and yard; gas, bath, «?tc\; for housekeeping.
Page Street.
131 ()\ AOE - 3 UNFURNISHED HOUSE-
x * J± * keeping rooms, with bath; »7.
Pearl Street.
.3 PEARL. COH. MAKKET,;OPP, OCTAVIA-
<J> - or d sunny corner rooms, well furnished for
housekeeping: water and sink.
HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS — Continued.
Pine Street.
991 A PINK— 3 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
— — 1 4 rooms: housekeeping; range and bath:
rent low. '
• • - •» • -Polk Street.
AT Q POLK — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
01 O sunny parlor • bay-window alcove, with:
kitchen for housekeeping complete: new carpets
and furniture; gas stove; bath: also tinted single.
- Riucon Place.
Q9 RINCON PLACE — 2 SUNNY UNFUR-
O— nished rooms for housekeeping.
, Second ■■ Street.
m SECOND— LARGE, NEWLY PAPERED
housekeeping room, furnished or unfur-
nished. - ■
Seventh Street.
1 A 9 SEVRNTH-SUNNY FRONT SUITES;
1 _t_ also single and housekecpiug rooms; cheap.
99 Q SEVENTH— 3 OR 4 UNFURNISHED
— — O rooms to let, suitable for housekeeping.
Sixth Street.
I 9"] -CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ;
X 4.X cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
101 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THK CITY";
i-^tX coiy housekeeping and other rooms.
;'.".:<: 1'. Stevenson Street.
nnrj STEVENSON— NICE SUNNY
U_ I room; elderly lady preferred : cheap.
Stockton Street.
m STOCKTON— NICE FURNISHED
rooms for housekeeping; $10 and $12 per
month. _^ -
1 Q k^n STOCKTON — 2 OR 3 NICE SUNNY
10-U rooms complete for housekeeping: cheap.
1 TO.'-* STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X I \JO uished complete for hkpg.: cheap rent.
Third Stree
1 /JO. THIRD— SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
X_tO rooms, complete; first floor: bath; gas.
QQ-1 THIRD— 2 UNFURNISHED lIOCSK-
OO'I keeping rooms, water included. 56 and $7.
C"l Q THIRD. CORNER OF SOUTH PARK—
OXtJ bunny rooms for housekeeping.
Turk Street.
-I 9 A TURK— 3 ROOMS AND BATH; FUR-
1-1/ nished for housekeeping. •
c 4 -TURK-3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS,
<)'i') housekeeping or without.
Van >ckk Avenue.
-1 Al\R VAN NESS AYE. — ELEGANTLY
±tIUO furnished parlor floor with kitchen; use
of piano.
Washington street.
(T An WA SHINGTON-SUNN V UNFURNISH-
Ul/— ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
Webster Street.
Q SUNNY ROOMS, COMPLETELY FURNISH-
O ed for housekeeping; terms reasonable. Call
between 9 and 2 at 1912 Webster s'.
i WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
-A WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
KOOMS TO LET.
Eddy Street.
lIQKDDy- SUNNY CENTRALLY LO-
.IIO cated rooms; $5 up; 3 for housekeeping,
Cheap.
QA'7 EDDY— FRONT ROOM; GAS, BATH;
O\J I low rent; private family.
C-| A EDDY — NEAT SINGLK ROOM, $s*;
OX \J large sunny parlor; reasonable.
* -;;!iih Street.
QHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbE, 28 BTH
0 si., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
El lift Street.
rn HE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished; elevator; hot & cold water.
1-olgom Street.
QQX FOLSOM — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
OOP room, newly furnished: bath ; $7.
909Q FOLSOM. NR. TWENTIETH— SUNNY
— «->— O front room: large and small bay-windows;
reasonable; private family; references.
■ — ■ — .
" Fulton Street.
1 P\QA FULTON.NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
XOVD furnished sunny front rooms In private
family.
deary Street.
096 GEARY. BET. POWELL AND MASON—
OZ.O Sunny furnished rooms.
791 GEARY— LARGE, HANDSOMELY FUR-
* -£x nished alcove room: suitable for gentleman.
O. 9;: GEARY— ELEGANTLY NEWLY FUR-
/— :) nished parlors; also single rooms; desirable
location. . -■ :
FpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
X handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
«ulilen Lino Avenue.
91 Q GOLDEN GATE SUNNY DOUBLE
AX »' front room; also nice single.
Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT AVI-;.— FURNISHED ROOMS;
XV/1 2 day, week or month; transient.
drove street. •■
1 ac GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED large
X\JO front room; rent $7.
Hayes street.
m HAVES— TWO NICE SUNNY ROOMS,
including kitchen: very reasonable.
Hermann Street.
9X HERMANN ST., NEAR VALENCIA— 1
— O or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen; gas and bath.
_otvar<«. Street.
1 1 9OA HOWARD— ELEGANTLY FUR-
i -I— O nUhea room in American family; closet;
bath: suitable for 1 person: $6 per month; none
but quiet, sober people need apply.
Jessie Street.
4O£ JESSIE, NEAR MINT— PRIVATE FAM-
OO lly; 2 sunny single rooms; $5 and $6.
liotltl mum..
nn JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
• sunny room; private: $11.
O(\"7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NKW
.'-' • manacement: elegant sunny suites and
tingle; newly furnished; baih, etc.; $10 to SStL
MO JONES, NEAR GEARY— NICELY FUR-
UUO nished large sunny front room: reasonable.
itearny street.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KKAR.fY- PLKA 1 *
-TV out suuny rooms, en suite and single: tirs;c_u
.1 < veri' respect: terms ressonabla.
Lewis Street.
1 Ol LEWIS, OFF POST— NICELY FURNISH-
-LO2 ed suite for lor 2 young ladies; rent ior 2
$7: home comforts.
market Stree:.
■yOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 35c to $1 ; week. $1 50 to $5: families.
McAllister street.
m MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
sunny rooms; opp. City Hall; cheap.
ailnnw street. \
(K(¥7 MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms: $1 a week.
. . Mission Street.
mHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
1 Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl CO a day.
09;: MISSION— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
O— «/ ny rooms, with or without board.
UROPE JIOUSE, 1109 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
O'Furrell Street.
q>9C ROOM FOR $15, FIRST FLOOR. ELE-
iS)jL.O vator, gas and electric light,slo reduction,
by Inquiring at room 2, same l!oor. 20 O'Farrell st.
O'FARRELK lil.l. GOUGH AND LAGUNA—
Newly furnished front and back parlors with
or without board; new flat; references. Address O.
F., box 18. Call. . ; - - -.
i owed Street.
99c POWELL, COR. GEARY— 2 LARGE SUN-
__ ny, single, front furnished rooms.
(■ti~)t\ I*OW ELL-RIGHT IN TOWN; LARGE
\J\J\J front raom; suitable for 2 meu
Polk Street. ~~
1 1 *13 POLK (ST. HELENS BUILDING)—
XXOO Sunny nay -window room.
San Carlos Avenue.
1 71 *I SAN 'CARLOS, NR. EIGHTEENTH—
X I XI single sunny front room; large closet;
cheap.
.Sixth street.
1 AO SIXTH-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
Xv/O rooms: en suite or single; clean; quiet • $5
up. ■ .■
|1O SIXTH (THE SARATOGA) — NEWLY
J 1O furnished house of 90 rooms: single rooms,
$1 50 to $6 per week : suites, 60c to $1 per day. -
Stevenson Street.
AC}~ STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— 4 ELEGANT
tr—tJ large rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
butter street. ,
cAA SUTTER — SUNNY FRONT SUITE;
O\J\J other rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
79£ SUTTER— 3 , SUNNY FRONT ROOMS:
I_U private; gentlemen only: reference If re-
quired. . • . • . " - , __^^
"i I -"I Q SUTTER - LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
I 1 J. gentlemen preferred.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, MAY 13, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Stockton street.' . ■■ ' , ;.-
I 31 A STOCKTON— FRONT ROOMS;
XUi-1- single; en suite: also doctor's office ; cheap.
Turk Street. '
1 1 Ci TURK-BEAUTIFUL SUNNY SUITE-
XX \J newly furnished;. single; with convenien-
ces: board optional. ■ • . ' - - , ■, . ,-
ISOABDIXG AND ROOMS. '
/I ENTLEMEN DESIRING H OMfTcOMFORT S
VJ with fine board call at 924 Geary st.
I" .NNY - FRONT PARLOR FOR 2, WITH
bo^ d> , f45 , : « unn bftCk .P- 10 * with board,
$40. altS laylorst.
1 ARGE SUNNY NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
XJ In Western Addition; suitable for 1 or 2 gen-
tlemen or man and wife; board optional ; terms
reasonable: private family. Address Bush Street,
box 66, Call Olliee.
Rft'^ TWENTIETH ST., BET - VALENCIA
OV—O and Guerrero— Nice alcove room with
board in private family; home comforts; price
reasonable. . . ,
JA I LOTT, 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER— SUN-
Ivt ny rooms with board; private family.
7/1Q O'FARRELL— HANDS: ELE-
• v/U gant. rooms en tulle or single; first-class
board. ' . •
TCICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UN-Sufi"
Xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c 76c and
$1 per day; $2, $2 60. $3 per week and up; $8 to
*30 mo. Hackmeler'a Hotel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY- $4 50
week, $16 ; a month, at Hnckmeler's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST •
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG pro-
prietor: board and room »6 and $6 a week and up.
OTKL BERTLINO, 714 iIUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
em conven|pnc«*». ' - y . .
— — STORKS TO LET.
STORE AND THREE ROOMS. SUITABLE
O for French bakery : rent $15. 328 Ninth st.
©OA 19 EVERETT ST., WITH LIVING-
<p»JV/. room * and large bake oven ; formerly oc-
cupied as a French; bakery. ASHTON <fe GAR-
DINER, 411 Montgomery st. - ■.
INK STORE: 9 ROOMS; REFITTED; RENT
reduced. 616 Sacramento, near Montgomery.
OFFICES TO LET. ~
qqq marketT^pk 2,I .A SON— LOFtV of
«7«JO various sices; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises.
/ CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V Offices $10 and upward, including Janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and cas lights. • Apply at room
522 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
SPRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and Janitor service free. Apply at building
or O. 11. U.Mli!>K.\ A CO.. 14 Montgomery *t.
STABLES TO LET.
BEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE; '2414 CALI-
-L» fornla st. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chronl-
cle building. - - - -
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. ~~~
Cil of\ MARSHALLUPRIGHT:SHERWOOD
upright, sl6o. BRUENN'S, 228 Post.
Q19 \ FINE WHEELOCK UPRIGHT.
t_s.L_c>. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernia Bank.
SPLENDID UPRIGHT PIANO; MUST BE
sold. Storage-house. 211 Larkln st.
FINE UPRIGHT PIANO IN GOOD ORDER;
a rare bargain. 115 Seventh st.
$*)(\(\ NEW, FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
%p_ \J\J. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth su
MAGNIFICENT STECK PIANO; GRAND
tone; private party ;6bliged to sacrifice. Room
21, Flood building.
ARE OPPORTUNITY-UPRIGHT GRAND
Hardman; like new: wonderful tone; elegant
case: perfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for immediate sale. Room 10,
Flood building.
GjP. MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— A LARGE
<ts>O size, new fine-tune upright: price $175. 418
Kills St., room 22.
SOHMER. STECK, STEIN WAY. STATHAM
second-hand upright scbeap. 106 McAllister.
NNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MATJVAIS', 769 Market st.
QHERMAN, CLAY <fe CO., STEINWAY REP-
O resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades and
prices; easy monthly payments; everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Suiter.
r>EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BF.O&', BUSH
XJ a Gens' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT A CO.. 324 Post st.
A SHAW, $5757 STEIN WAY. $*-'! 5; SQUARE,
$'-'6; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
©OX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
i~2OO. IB McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank. ■
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced ; tbe new seven-bar autoharp the five-
bur autoharp *4; a seventeen inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin 86 2. the Drize-wlnner guitar
$8 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 M);
elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak, $187; one trial will convince
you. J. HARRY SCOTT, 829 Market at., 6prec_>
el's building. - ■
A RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
■J*. grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDKRS. 82 Ninth st.
CONOVER PIANO; At) GOOD AS NEW;
VJ great sacrifice. The F. W. t-th.SLb.li. COM-
I'ANY, 3»a Post sU -
pHICKEKINO, STECK. VOBE. BTER-
\J ling pianos: see onr new piano for $187 ; pianos
:or rent. li£NJ. CURTAZ & SON. 18 O'Farr-11.
BYRON MAUZY, 308 POST BT.-BOHMEB.
Kewby A Evans, Brlggs and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITUERU. OLD & NEW
O H. lIILLEK. maker, repairer. '£ Latham Place.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THK
-£"V WEEKLY CALL. In wrancer. for mailing. > .
_^__^; horses.
FOR sale— a team of young mules*.
harness and wagon; good roadsters. Apply 1913
Magnolia St.. Oakland.
\y ANTED— TWO HORSES AND WAGON IN
» » part payment of magnificent new piano. Ad-
dress Box 61. this office. . '
JO HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
2 U bugaies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse .
Market, 327 Sixth s_; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & PUYLK, Auctioneers. .
1 M| I SitTiS SECOND-HANiThaRNESS; ALL
JV" kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap corses. Fifteenth and Valencia sta.
HORDES PASTURED; SKND Full CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial su
1 f)0 KKTa NEW a; " 1 ' «KCOND-HANi> hah-
luv ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; saud-waeoin. 1128 Mission st.
DX. C. H. WKSTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
J-' ».eoa for 8. F. Police Department, office an*
hospital, I'-'l city Hull »v«. ; :.-'..,,-,,,, gonth 401
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES. ~
i IOR BALE- NICE I BUOOY AND HAICNKSS-
A handmade; very stylish; cheap 0:1 account of
removal, inquire at 4-7 Hayes st
OLIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
0 drummers' samples. H. M. 11EINKMA.N,
109 Sansome st. ■ r|
T^EW AND SKCOND-HAND BAKERS', LACnT.
xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. ■— w »y
Han dsomTTfamily carriage, NEARLY
new, with single harness, together or sena-
rately. for sale. 822 Kro.tdwny. Oakland. ..'
'■_ FOIt MISCELLANEOUS.
FRESH JERSEY COW-MILKS 8 GALLONS
f (32 quarts) rich milk a day. gentle for family.
131 i-olKum st.
FOB SALE AT A BARGAIN-53600-COBT
$60 0. An economical steam and water-power
mining plant complete for hoisting, pumping and
drilling. H. _ VS., I^ol Laguna st! pump ' * anq
J? LEGANT BAR AN D BACK BAR? GROCErY
XJ fixtures; coffe-mlll and scales; no agents. Ad-
dress S. A., box 80, this office.
rOR SALE- LOT OF FINE, FRE.SR DAIRY
X cows. 1607 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
MEW DOUBLE-END CABIN SLOOP: 25:6x8-6"
XI Apply 31 Julian aye.
OR BALK— FINE STANDARD TYPE-
X writer, with desk: also roll oak top an« one flat
top desk, in fine condition. 7 City Hall aye. '. . .. *-.
fIRST-CLASS SECOND-HANII WASHING"
ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal'
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C a
box 100, this office. ■-■■■...-.. ** , A :»,
SECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE -'KN-
glnes; variousstzes; guaranteed perfect order-
bargain. O. E.. box 100, Call. -. , -- - v icr ,
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKFS-'
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California!
C CLOSING GUT OF STOVES, TINWARE ETC~
\J small or large quantity. • 1075 Howard st. #>
IGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; «30 TO SOo"
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes m. '
' IRE-PROOF Safe WITH BURGLAR
X chest; cheap. D. N. HAWI.EY, 318 Market
ijoili:rs,kngines,2d-handmaciiivkry'
11 waterpipes. Mclntosh * Wolpmnn, 137 Beale!
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURVI"
ture bought at the factory naves retailer's nro.
fit. '; California Rattan Co., 61 First St., nr. Mission
.jUILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHKs"
1 ' doors, mantels, etc. f?r sale. 1168 Mission.' *
NE SM ALL MEDIUM AND LARGE Sizis
tiro and burglar proof safe. 109. 11l Market st
LURE AND BURGLAR : SAFi, LETTKrT
X press, platform scales and desk:choap. 102 Clay.
MEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BECON1?
1\ hand. \V. H. RAY Mfg Co., 12 Cal I torn I a at.
CIOUNTKKS,/ SHELVING, bHOWOAHK-I
V^' bon«ht and soU 112H6Mar— t bet. 7th aodrfc'a
' PHYSICIANS. - " ■ -,- ,
EMOVKD-DR. C C O'DOnVkLL TO lltoi-
XV Market st. ; diseases or woman a specialty.
ONT FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market st. • bis SO vesrs'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment'
the worst cases treated saUsf««turily by mail. -.--.- '
CITY REAL ESTATE.
/-I H. UMBoEN & CO. ; . ,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 M ontgomery St., near Market.
IMPROVED PROPERTIES JUBT RECEIVED.
INVESTMENT PAYING 10 PE"R CENT NET.
(2* Oil AM WELL STREET; SUBSTAN-
«SOUUU. tiel nearly new building in several
flats: brick foundation: stone walks: street ac-
cepted; mortgage of 53500 can remain If de-
sired: rent $84. 32x1-2:6.
3 LOTS: VERY CHE. P.
OOrn EACH; ON THE GRADE; 21ST ST;
<|pOc)U street work done; fine views.
COTTAGE ON GROVE ST.
C» IAfIA NICE BAY-WINDOW. COTTAGE
*3)tLUUU. of 7 rooms and bath; brick founda-
tion, etc.; street accepted by the city.
RESIDENCE ON CLAY ST.
tB» QQfin 2-STORY HOUSE; 10 BOOMS AND
<s)Oi/UU. bath, etc
BARGAIN; LA ROE CORNBR LOT.
00 CoR> * XXI 67:6X 1"-5; ON NOE ST.
BARGAIN ON GILBERT STREET.
<a*97^A KENT $42 PER MONTH: SEV-
tjp^ I tJ\J . eral flats: 25x80; street accepted:
must be sold; on account of foreclosure of mort-
gage,
large LOT NEAR MISSION STREET.
©1 (\^.fi 108x200: ONLY 100 FEET FROM
<p±UOU. Mlssion-Bt. electric cars; level lot.
MANUFACTURING PROPERTY NEAR FIRBT
STREET. • .
QOl Of) IMPROVEMENTS AND LOT, 25
CHEAP CORNER.
CM WiM CORNER, 30x100, ON DIAMOND
t£)t/UU. street.
LARGE CORNER ON CASTRO ST. '
(jtOAAn STABLE: LARGER PART OF LOT
«3>OUUU« vacant: 50x89.
BUSINESS CORNER ON TWENTIETH ST.
c* r;of;A STOKE AND 2 ROOMS and flat
t*pO_c)l/. of 5 rooms; 26x104; rent $25.
CHOICE LOT FACING PARK.
Cf7nnA 50x110; HaIGHT ST., OPPOSITE
<Jt> I UUU. Duena Vista Park.
BARGAIN ON CHATTANOOGA ST—2 COT-
TAGES.
© iOflfl 2 BAY-WINDOW COTTAGES OF 4
«Iptr_\JU. rooms and bath each: brick founda-
tion ; street accepted ; price considerably reduced ;
82:6x117:6.
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE ESTATE.
CC A FLINT ST., NEAR CASTRO: LARGE
NEAR MONTGOMERY AND UNION STS.
© 1 'Art 2 HOUSES, 4 AND 6 ROOMS; LOT
tJpxOUU. 22:6x62:6; must be sold.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS, CHEAP.
<Si l 7fif\f\ BTKIHKB ST.; 2 ELEGANT
«Jp i UUU. flats of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each-
ail modern Improvements; 27:6x106:3; rent
$47 60.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE LOT.
CjOOrA SCOTT ST., NR. HAIGHT; 25x
O«- — ■ O\i . 116:3; street accepted; choice loca-
tion for flats.
MISSION FLATS, CHEAP.
<Si A ~ftA RENT $45 PKR MONTn ; 3 FLATS
tJp*iUUl». in perfect condltioa and lot 25x94:6;
street accepted; well situated.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
Gj/rl 7- REDUCED FROM $7000; SACRA-
t^\J± • U. men'.o st.: 4 fiats of 4 rooms each;
rent $58 per month; 27x105: street accepted; on
car line : bargain.
SACRAMENTO-STREET FLATS— BARGAIN.
(2*^9^ll 9 FLATS OF 4 AND 5 ROOMS; 25
O «J— O\J. xl 28; street accepted.
MISSION COTTAGE-CHEAP.
C-Qnnn cottage, OF 5 rooms A>TD
. bath in Al condition: near Guerrero
and Market sts. ; 25x76.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate Records."
1 which contains a list of properties for sale in all
parts of the city. •
O. H. UMBSEN * CO., 14 Montgomery st.
'FARHELL A CO., ~~ '■
REAL ESTATE AtJEN'TS. HOUSE BROK-
ERS AND AUCTIONEERS,
11 MONTGOMERY. STREET.
ffljn^AA, FOUR NEARLY NEW FLATS ON
*EU«JUU. Fillmore st. through to small street;
two fronts; rents $80; a fine Investment.
Q_9^n BRODERICK-ST. FLATS: 5 AND
tZp^±*Ovt, 4 rooms and bath: rents $35 per
month; always occupied.
©IAKA ALABAMA ST., NEAR 25TH:
*!pX\JO\J. level lot ready for building; short
walk from cable cars.
QKKflfi MAKE AN OFFER: BRODEIUCK
O«-' t JUU.st.,iiear Hayes: two flats of 5 and 4
rooms and bath; lot 25x112:6; street accepted.
©4^oo A BARGAIN: CORNER IN PARK
*JD^tO\J\J. panhandle; 31:5x100: this is the
cheapest lot In the Western Addition; an Ideal site
for an elegant residence. -■■ ■ :_• ' r~
Cs7nnrt three flats a short disu
«£> I UUU. tune* from Golden Gate Park, new;
rented for $65 60 per month: fine view and sunny.
1 000 SCOTT ST., NEAR HEIGHT:
<$)XX.\J\J\J. 3 flats of 6. 6 and 5 rooms and
bath; street accepted; rents for $77 60 per month-
always rented.
fiJOOrA COTTAGE ON SECOND AYE.,
•J)«J_UU. near Cal iiornia; 6 rooms and bath •
cheap at 94000.
Q«9?in WASHINGTON ST.. NEAR
tiDU_UV. Scott; 7 rooms and bath; 27:6 feet
front.
CfOnnfl NATOMA ST., NEAR 7TH: 2-
igl*jU\J\J. story house of 7 rooms; lot 25x76.
©dflfin RIDLEY ST.. NEAR 14TH; A
'i\i\rvt. short walk from Market St.; cot-
tage of 6 rooms and bath; a big bargain.
O'FARRELL & CO.. 11 Montgomery st.
ffIJQAAA FOR SALE ON ACCOUNT OF
tjpOUUU. departure of owner— Fine residence of
1-lrooms; all modern improvements: in the most
beautiful part of Berkeley; near the university;
with 1 acre of improved grounds; superb view.
Inquire 41U Kearny St., room 10. ■ ■
<j>QOX COSTSSOO: 33.137: W. SIDEMADI-
*Tn«J^cf. son St., 40 feet S. silver aye.. lot 4, block
69. Sliver Heights. CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 Cali-
fornia st.
€J1 I*\(\ -63:4x114; N. SIDE 26TH ST.. 320
«Jpl I O\J. ft. W. of Church.
$1000— 203:8x114; corner in vicinity of 27th and
Douglass st«.
$976— 25x10."«; E. side of Castro St., 26:4 N. 23d.
$675— 58x101: 2 fronts; E. side Ocean House
road, near '.'sth st. .
$600— 25x114: aside Alvarulo sU 180 ft. W.
of Son. bet. 22d and 23d.
CHAS. C. FISHER, 507 California st. "
CQllftll CALIFORNIA-ST. BUSINESS
tJUUui/. corner; Richmond; new building;
fine eroeery-stor*, barroom and 4 rooms attached;
o2:6xlOO; rare opportunity for groceryman as
well as for Investment.
$'-'900— Shipley St., near 6th; front and tear
house; rent $30: 25x76: sacrifice. .
$12.000— hddy, near Jones; 2.-!xlS7:6; rent $90.
$3000— Ridley su. near Market: splendid new
cottage; 6 rooms and bath; modern; 25x114; i /3
$1500— B St., cor. 18th aye.; 82:6x100.
$900— Diamond St., near 21st; 50x125; $650
mortgage can remain: forced sale.
1.. OESTERREICHER, 630 Market st , opp. the
Palace. ■ a
TfiOß A HOME OR INVESTMENT.
The finest and most complete pair of flats for the
money; just being finished; marble stejis and all
the latest Improvements: put up by days' labor-
north side of Fell st., near Scott. Call on premises
or office of owner and builder, DAN EINSTEIN.
630 Market st.
MORE LOTS SOLD ~ "
ON 11TH AND 12TH AVENUES.
A FEW LEFT.
. There are now only 16 lots left on 11th and 12th
lives., California and Lake sts. They will soon
mi be gone. If you wain a lot In Richmond see
these. Street work all done— graded, sewered and
macadamized.
PRICE $700.
- " TERMS, $50 CASH
• - ■". $10 MONTHLY.
Take the Sutler or California st. cars to 11th
aye. -Go to-day. • ' - • ■
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
■ ' -■ . ..:■ ■• ' 10 Montgomery st.
ACJFICHKIGHTS-THRKE NEW 12-ROOM
X houses. 2847, 2849 and 2851 Flllmorest., S. of
Green; ml modern improvements; reception-hall,
parlors, dining, chamber and billiard-rooms, tinted
and decorated; furnace heat; all rooms and closets
lighted by electricity or gas; unobstructed marine
view: good Investment. • -- *
L/ < SA I.E. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
riot, 27:6x85; 7 rooms: bath; finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: sneaking
tubes: stone walks. On Wuller st., near btanyan
half block from Golden Gate Park.
T A SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
and 36-foot lot, cost $14. ."00: small cash pay-
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devlsadero.
fyXCHANGE— 7SxIOO; E LEG ANT 9- ROOM
XU house; free use of large grounds; water works
and stable; splendid view: value $600)- nior;-
gago $.000. > SHADBURNE, owner, "< Hoffman
aye. and 2fith St., san Francisco.
1 A^\f\ RARE CHANCK FOR A HOMK;
HP 1 ttUU. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
60x50, Holly Park; small payments same as rant.
CADENA-.80 <& CO., 512 Montgomery «t.
<%! COTTAGE; 3 ROOMS; LOT 60x135:
<3PxOUU» in Berkeley, near station; payments
easy. ■ .* ,TllWMJ>W :j^M»tf-**«'^Wt^caere< ■ ■ ■
, $1100— Cottage; 3 rooms: lot 75x125.
" $1000— Handsome corner; 100x100: $15
monthly. . ■ - ' — J r" ~T~HKMyr~vniom»uiM
$200— Lot 26x135; $10 down; 85 monthly
CUAS. A. BAILEY, 10 Montgomery st. '
CtQ^n NEAT COITA"OK AND LOT; .5
tiPiJO\J. rooms;- hard-flnlshed. 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent st. and East aye., Hotly Park
Tract. . -..-■: -•.:,>o'^. : .- -
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS
- I ' l bath, basement and . attic, built - for $2500-
-flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates!
Call and see plans. J. McCONaHJSY. 1149 Mission
CITY REAL ESTATE. .:. -, '
" isr sp^cis ? x r^ar^uF^i^in{ET j "BTr:
• choice investments; choice investments.* .
<sJi9^n LOT 25x11* .FT., ON 27TH ST.;
<P_OU. worth $500 .
BS4OO LOT " sxl -° FT ' RICHMOND; ON
O"| p[KA ■' NEAT ■ MODERN COTTAGE:
dPIOuU. near Market. \ ■
LOT 2&-100 FT., ON OAK; PAN-
«JD._yUU. handle, i I r J
C?9XA|i 2 GOOD FLATS, NEAR 7TH AND
tID_OUV/. Folsom. -
<Jfc^n(ifl 4 NICE FLATS: RENTS $33;
%S)O\J\J\J. near 12th and Market.
<«)i^^nn CORNER; 2 H USES ON LEAV-
«_Sc)UUU. enworth; lot 50x90 ft.
<Bi7F\fin 6 FLATS: RENTS $72; WITHIN
«fl) I OUU. sight of Hlbernia Bank.
©IV l}(\(\ CORNER (NEW), 6 FLATS;
<JPX_.UUU. rents $116; all rented.
<jjj "I A r\(\(\ BUSINESS PROPERTY: LOT
II.UUU. 50x80 ft.: good Improvements;
within a block of Taylor and Market; rents $100.
<fcl£ MlO BUSINESS CORNER ON
J U.uUu. Geary st., near Wigwam. -■
(HMO ZOO FINE 'CORNER BUSINESS
(JpIO.OUU. property; rents $125; .an offer
wanted for Market-st. property, near Call Office.
A.M. SPECK & CO.. 60- Market st.
CC. BE MIS. ~~
• - REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan st., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet
$450— san Carlos Villa lot: I0O.T15T) feet.
$6700— 50x127 :6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :U feet; electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison at.,
bet. First ana Fremont. -
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— building lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4ox3so, S\V. cor. 19th aye. and
25th st.-. elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruic trees: good bouse of 9 rooms; stable and car-
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold;
make offer.
"LOR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
X' just completed, opp. Park: modern. 1917 Oak.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
©Qfiflfl A HOME I RANCH I " 2% MILES
«ii;UV/UU. from Santa Rosa; 56 acres, Including
6-room cottage, hard finish, and furniture; barn
and farm implements, windmill and tank; 3
horses, 1 cow, chickens, etc. Intending purchasers
only will please apply to MR. C. STAHL, grocer,
cor. Fourth and Wilson sts., Santa Rosa, who will
furnish free transportation to the ranch. Further
Information may be obtained at 2914 California
St., San Francisco, between 6 and 8 p. m.
"I A ACRES FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE NEAR
XV san l.eandro electric road: city or Oakland
improved property, business or residence and part
cosh; all In fruit; nice 2-story house with substan-
tial outbuilding, stable, barns, chicken-houses,
etc; half cash: value $18,000. B. FASSLER,
San Leandro.
\f{o ACRES, 40 MILKS FROM .MAN FRAN-
XKJyJ cisco; only $50 per acre; good Improve-
ments, etc. Address E. 8., box 71, this office.
1~(T(\ ACRES; RANCH IN NAPA VALLEY
X \J\J for sale on easy terms or exchange for city,
Oakland, Alameda or Berkeley property. Address
410 Kearny st., room 10. . .
RANCH OF *87 ACRES; MODERN HOUSE
of 8 rooms, barns aud otner buildings: 16 acres
in Bart let pears bearing; 110 injury from frost;
rest In grain and potatoes; 24 miles from San
Francisco; 1/3 mile from depot: will sell 234 acres-
plenty water; 4 horses and tools; 100 chickens.
Apply KASTON. ELDUIDGE A CO.
1 i'lO ACRES; ALL GOOD LAND; IN COLUSA
i-W County: near railroad: common house and
barn: good water; some valley and some rolling
land; choice location; sell or exchange; price $20
per acre. . .
«tQQ^n A NrCK LITTLE PLACE OF 10
«iP«JU«J\J. acres; all set out to fruit In full bear-
inc; on line of railroad from San Francisco to San
Josu: house of 4 rooms and bath: barn and tank-
house; cnlcken-bouses to accommodate 2000
chickens; $850 cash, balance on long time.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor. Mills building, S. F.
V< LEOANTLY FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA
Xj and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
Insured for $5000; property of H. H. UAVIs.
CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market St..
"I C*O ACRES CLOSE TO LIVKRMORE; $50
X KJ\J per acre. ('.. box »9, this office.
FOR SALS— COZY BOMB; 5 BOOMS; 4 LOTS
(half acre): fine place for poultry or flowers-
$1800; half cash. LAMBERT, Mlllbrae. San
Mateo County.
ARGAIN FOR 1 WEEK-ONE OF THE
best 60 acre vineyard in yanta Clara Valley;
near Los Gatos. Address V., box 3, Call Office.
ORANGE LANDS. ~~ " ~
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE.
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home anil
at the same time a good Investment: it will cost
you unimproved $700. planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five unnuol
payments: no Interest; the trees Blunted on this
property will begin bearing In about 3 years, and
the fourth and tilth years will be paying large re-
turns. .
" We have an experienced horticulturist In charge
of the colony who will care for non-resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably.
For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st., san Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oukdale,
Cal. '■ " •
ONTKA COSTA COUNTY LAND FOR SALE;
send for list. D. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
COUNTY- 5000 ACRES 26 MILKS
-'I from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, train and
vegetable land: no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 chronicle building.
GjQAN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
tfpV fences, fertile soli, living water, plenty of
wood: crops never fail; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.: terms easy;" no snow; no
chills. M. A. GKIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot.-
tonwood, Shasta County, Cal.
SEND FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HUMES
0 for sale. - W POSTER A Wll ITTON 1 . San Jose.
LITTI_ i HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; IM-
J proved: easy terms; also 4. 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. U. TWI-NG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 63- Market St.. 8. F.
rJHEAPESTAND BEST IN AMERICA—
V WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in tr»
L nited States or Canada one year for $1 60, pest-
ace free. -
■^r-_^ J >^JS^l£sE ! Lx TO LET. ~~
TV" ILL EXCHANGE FOR SUMMER MONTHS
" my 'Country house, In beautiful situation;
with cow. horse, poultry, etc.. lor town house or
flat: or rent same cheap. WKIOHT, box 18. Call.
FltoT'liliT r Y~ T O~Jb -\ CH A N
Of) HOUSES AfbOTB, ntOil $1250^r6"$io!no6
— V6O ranches, all nixes, from $100 to 30 OUO
20 bouses, Oakland and Alamedn. $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
-5 lodging-houses and hotels, from $^00 to 3.000
4 flats, lot 50x114 5,000
1 good lot In city.......;....;.;...... 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 60x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms; rent $lt'O 25.000
I SELL AND EXCHANGE _
All kinds of property :
H. C. DKCKEK, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth
ELEGANT CLEAR BUILDING I OTH NKAR
Oakland to trade for furniture. Address Owner,
box 31, Call Office.
WANTED — TO " EXCHANGE EQUITY
nice b-room house in Oakland lor lodging-
house; what have you? E. B. 11., box 61, Call
Office. : ■ • ■ .
EXCHANGE— HOUSE AND LOT IN BERKE-
Ioy: good location; will exchange for city
property. Address H. A., box 44, Call Office.
]t)U/| ACRES TIMBER LA ND, KERN CO.;
I_QU witter; fine for cattle-raising. N..bx.l6.Catl
___-__—-___
.)ii:ni( 11..
A NEW PROCKNS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
meut or worthless pills used: every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
Irom what cause: -restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be sent and used at homo: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
7 ADIKS. CONSULT FREE MKS. DR.
XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
A LL -CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
_iv stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed;. travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in con fine regular graduate
physician: SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you win save time
and expense: consultation tree and confidential. *
•MRS. DR. WYETH, 816 Post St., near Larkln.
BLESSING TO LADIKS BUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately : prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. lilt. & MRS,
DAV I I. ->. 11 McAllister si., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. • French regulating pink pills, 82. :
KM. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of Ir-
regularity in one day ; cure :or no chatrtre; separata
home for patients: best skill: medical attend-
ees.- low lees; regulator, $i 1370 Market 5,. .
SURE CURE FOR ALL FJCiI ALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every • comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB. DR. OWYEU, 226 Turk st.
TF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE,
1 don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254 4th.
T ADIES— MAC i DE CAPSULES PRE-
XJ vents, safe, sure; pills do longer ; required;
$1 60 per box. ,G. 8. P. Co., 1031 Maricet St., a F.
1 K. HALL. H MCALLISTER STRKKT, NEAR
'Jones. Itueases of women and children. ; . '
HOME. A FRIEND AND MOTH ARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1418 Eighth 6t..Alamcda.
: A LPEAU'S FRENO' - PILLS— A BOON TO
-fV ladles troubled wl' irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 press C. O. 1). ; don't delay
until too late. O|>GOOD BROS.; Oakland. Cal. .
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE. •= .
ri.NE COTTAGE TO EXCHANGE FOR LOTS.
X 1 F. C. WATSON.' 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
Q9^flf> 8-ACRE FRUIT- AND POULTRY
«V,V U * """^ dose to Oakland; part cash.
E. HILL. Donohoe building. ".
1 4.-FOOT .WINDMILL: TANKS .15,000 GAL-
xt ions; frame 30 feet; pump and pipes: also B-
foot windmill; tanks 10.000 gallons: pumps and
pipes. 1457 Seventh St.. West Oakland. >
<Q> O C (\f\ CHICKEN RANCH; THIS IS A
*£)UU\J\J. bargain; improvements cost $4000;
the best Improved chicken ranch In Contra Costa
County: only. 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particulars apply to owner, V. P. MITCHELS,
painter, Fourteenth and Webster sts. Oakland. -
Q~l Q^O EASY TKRMS; NEW 6-ROOM
KPJ. UfJ\J. house: block and half fiom cars: cor-
ner lot: an ideal home: see it at once. WM. P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland. >
A !\f\ FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
«ii na\J. Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-fifth St., in the center of Oakland:
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Breed & Co., 460
Ninth St., Oakland. or DAVIDSON A LEIGH, 137
Montgomery St., San Francisco. .:..•■
A TTENTION BUILDERS— PARTIES DE-
*r\- airing to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
OUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
XX mentseqnalto rent; close to Frultvale sta-
tion; 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway, Oakland; street work all done; sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Fruitv&ltt stu-
tlon.
OAKLAND FURIfITUKE FOR SALE.
H?SiTTkIC
CUt). HAAS'. 408 Eleventh St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
ARCUSE^ REMJIEIT "^CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone 2,
5.200— 5-5 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
f2450-$25 cash, 22 50 monthly: 53x117; cot-
taze of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100; sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
83000— No cash: *25 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, In
elegant location.
Several special bargains In lots.
. Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays. |
I ''OR SALE— " ~ ~~ *~-
X House x rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms. Grand st. ; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market St.,
___^ San Francisco, Cal.
Q9onn 4-HOOM COTTAGE, $50 CASH
ipZ.\l\J\J. $20 per month.
$2300— 6-room cottage, $300 cash, $25 month.
$2750— 6-room cottage, $250 cash, $25 month.
$8000— 6-room house, $200 cash, $25 month.
$4000— 7-room house, $600 cash, $25 month.
All modern houses, on improved streets and
convenient to trains. Have also a few magnificent
homes at reduced prices and on easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD Company, 1364 Park su,
Alameda.
ffiM 7r.fi MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
tip X I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— cor.: new; Brooms snd bath: open
plumbing, etc; $250 cash, $30 a month. ' No. 738.
$3100— $100 cash, $25 a month; fine 6-room cot-
tage; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Klegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $300 cash, $40 per month. No. 671.
$2800— *nap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 762.
• 58500— New modern 2-story; 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash, $30 per month. -No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL A CO., 1432 Park St., Alameda.
"VTKW COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
XI rooms, just completed, on central aye., 1 block
west from Park st.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and frescoed: pa lor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and gold; burl pan-
els In doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room; plumbing all open
' ork. aud nickel-plated cement basement; elec-
•ic- appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
-.ire if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEORGE
i. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO RENT— NEW COTTAGE; B ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth st., bet. Mastlck and
Enclnal station. Alameda. •
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FORSALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY A CO., real estate
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
l^R~Rii^iwiF^Elu?Ei^Y^
J house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; cheap to responsi-
ble and permanent tenant; 3 blocks from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10,
Call Office.
"LiOR RENT— AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE OF
-I 12 rooms, D wight way, Berkeley; beautiful
grounds; profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. •M. L. WURTS,
D wight- way station. - . ■ • .
MONEY TO LOAN.
CM 00 Onn TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
<S XKJVJ .\J\J\J ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine.
LOANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
-\ ST & 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
X lutes slowest rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62BMrkt.
(Sin AOn AT 6 % rER CENT WE HAVE
rjpxi/.uvu to loan on good city real estate.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st. •
1G CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PEK CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or life insur-
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office. .
A I>VAKCESONbIAMONDS,JEWELiIY, KTO
J\ Columbia Loan A Collateral Office, 9 Gran; are.
mo LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
X to $5000 on good security. P.O.box 444, Oakland
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
bare. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
"\IONEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
-»J other valuables at the Security Loan OfSca,
110BMarketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
OKI u AUKS, LOANS ON COLLATE IST
low rates. Sylvain Saloman A Co.. Montgy
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
no removal; no delays; no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. I).;nolmt> ' bldg. 1170 Market st.
— .__ PAWNBROKERS^ ~~
AT 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, eta; low rates: pa-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal > cheap.
STOKAIiE.
: T ;^I?RNim?R'FrHrTA^6I^ AT>
J vances, shipping. CHAC. L. TAYLOK,2O4Post.
LARGE AIRY STOBAGK-ROOM; FIRK-
XJ proof building; cheap. 320 Butter st.
m H. ROONEY. 7-2 MISSION— STORAGE AT
X .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TORAGK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
O proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
OWEBT RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS,
■i household goods, etc. J. M. Pierce. 735 Market.
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
tur.'. etc. SHIKKK A SlllltKK. 747 Market.
31AKK1AGK LICENSES.
■ The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
' J. A. Johnson and Ellin 'A. K. Lundell. 32—26.
Karl Peters and Meta Bruns. 31—28. d sj*
Herbert Llpman and Amelie F. Davis. 23—23. "
: Patrick McEntee and' Esther M. Dillon, 20— 2 L
Edward Lahey and Josaohlne Menzel, 48— 36. •
Theouore Prlbek and Heloise Cavasso, 37—48.
Ernest F. Poetsch and Anna Anderes. 25—25.
L. J. C. Werner and Hedwii; Wallenfels, 35—
George K. Harding and Mag-ie McCoy. 21—19
William Willis and Anna L. Wehner. 89—37. •
DIVOKCiS PROCEEDINGS;
Complaint filed-. - ~~
Barbara Lambrecht against Conrad Lambrecht-
Divorces granted:
Ann.. Desmoue from S. J. Desmone. for des°r-
tion. by Jutlg- Iroutt; custody of minor child
awarded to plaintiff, and plaintiff allowed to re-
sume her maiden name, Annie Martin.
~' '.;; iierlne Blennerhasaett from John A. Blenner-
nas.sett, for neglect, by Judge Sea well. ■
■ — HAidUAlifelS — DEAiiiHT
KORN.
COM STOCK-In this city, May 7, 1896, to the wife
OF Rtifus R. Comstock, a son.
ENGLISH— In this city, May 2, 1896, to the wife
of Richard English, a son. ..
LEVY— In this city, May 8, 1686, to the wife of J.
. C. Levy, a son. - - .
MARKS— In this city, May 10, 1896, t0 the wife of
Joel L. Marks, a son.
MESSER-In Berkeley, May 2,1896, to the wife
of Rudolph Messer, a son. ' ■ " ;
SCHEGGIA— In this city," May 9, ' 1898, to ! th«
• ! wife of E. ticheggta, a daughter. -,
WHITE— In this city. May 12, 1896, to the wife
of Edwin S. White, a son. ..T»e'qtaK— «— «eaq>
•:'. •- "■.: . • MARRIED.
ANDREWS— this city, May 4, 1896,
by tho Rev. Father Burns, William J. Andrews
and Annie J.'Dinan, both of San Francisco.-
HARDING— McCOY— In this city. May 11. 1895.
by the Rev. W. D. WiUi»:us, George K. Harding
and Maggie McCoy, both of Sulsun, Cal. .^ i.±- -
JOHNSON— BROWN-In this city. May 10. 1896,
by the Rev. W. D. Williams, J. H. Jonnson and
M. A. Brown. *
M ,cNOWAN-CLEVELAND-In this city. April
£9, 1896, by the Rev. Father Kirby, M. Bernard
McGowanof San Francisco and Rachel Cleve-
land of Uklah.
WEGVER-W A LLENFELS-In thla city, May
11. 1898, Louis J. c. Wesner of Merced and
Hedwlg u-;Llieni>U of San Francisco.
— _____
I>IED.
Backns, Catherine \ . Incell, Hurry W.
Boyce. Maggie Jackson, May A.
Butler. Frank D. Johnson. James A.
Barass. Frank ,; Kennedy. Mary
Be lstedt John Kohler, Catherine
Clancy, Mary . Little, Andrew
Cittick, Annie Malouev, William E.
Coleman, Carrie M. P. Martinez. Kd wlna
Clare. Bridget Meyer, Christina
Edwards, Justus Huff . JlicShane. Helen M.
Gebhardt. Frederick Prairo, Mrs. Eunice G.
Gallagher, Michael A. Rolph. Lillian G.
Hart, Dorcas ' ; Siuter, Adam ""
• Husband, Walter B. Stans. Delia W. ■
Stee'.e, Samuel J.
BACKUS— In this city. May 11. 1896.' Catherine
Backus, beloved mother of Captain Charles and
' Meta Backus, and grandmother of Katie,
- A maiKte, Clara and Charles Backus, a native of
Germany, aged 86 years and 6 mouths. ■
AiTFrlends and acquaintances an» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence ot her son, 4331 Twentieth street. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BARAKS— In this city, May 11, 1596, Frank
Baraks, a native of Germany, aged 29 years.
BELLSTEDT— In this city, May- la, 1896. John
beloved husband of Annie Beilstedt. and father
of Mrs. J. T. Edwards, John, Theodore. Willie.
Charles, Minnie ana Eva tellstedt, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 58 years 3 months and
7 days. A member of Harmon ie Lodge No. 13,
I. O. O. F.
£s" Friends and acquaintances are resnsct-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 22% Decatur street, off Bryant, between
seventh aud Eighth. Interment L O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BOYCE— In this city, May 12, 1898. Maggie, be-
loved wife of William Boyce, and dearly beloved
. mother of Willie Boyc-; and Joseph. Annie, Liz-
zie, Christie and Henry Stanton, a native. of
County, Mayo, Ireland, aged 40 years 11 months
and 28 days. :
J^-Notice or funeral hereafter. Remains at
the parlors of the Pacific Undertakers, 777
Mission street.
BUTLER— In Oakland. May 12, 1893. Frank
Dana, beloved son of John H. and Annie M.
Butler, a native of Oakland, aged 6 years 10
months and 28 days. •
JKTFriends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock p. 11., from the Fif-
teenth-street A. M. E. Church, Oakland. inter .
- ment Mountain View Cemetery. .
COLEMAN— In Oakland, May 12. 1896. Carrie M.
P. Coleman, widow of the late W. T. Coleman, a
native of St. Louis. Mo. [New York and- St.
Louis papers please copy. .
CLARE— In this city. May 12, 1896, Bridget, be-
loved wife Of Graver P. Clare, a native of Cahlll,
Hennepin county, Minn., aged 27 years 6
months and 15 days.
CLANCY— In this city. May 10. 1896. Mary, be-
. loved wife of Patrick W. Clancy, and sister of
Mrs. Myles Sharkey of Plumas County, Cal., a
native of Ireland, aged 41 years.
JOTFriends ana acquaintances are resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
• (Wednesday), at 8 :30 o'clock _.. m.. from her late
residence. 632 Sanchez street, thence to Mission
Dolores Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
CITTICK— In this city, May 12, 1898, Annie
Cittick, a native of San Francisco, aged 16 days.
EDWARDS— In this city. May 11, 1896, at his
residence, 1833 San Carlos avenue, Justus Huff
Edwards, a native of Vermont, aged 69 yearn,
and 15 days.
J®-Friends are respectfully invited to attenl
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 2 :30 o'clock p. _, from the Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, under the
auspices of California Lodge No. 1. F. and A. M.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
GALLAGHER— In this city. May 10, 1896,
Michael A. (commonly called Robert) Gallagher,
son of the late Winifred Gallagher, and brother
of James H. and Daniel J. Gallagher, a native of
' Boston, Mass., aged 49 years '£ months and 8
■ days.
GEBHARDT— In this city, May 10, 1896, Fred-
erick, eldest son of the late Teresa and Frederick
Gebhardt and beloved brother of Mary, Charles
and George Gebhardt, a native of San Francisco,
aged 34 years 6 months and 28 days.
ASTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the
family residence, 25% Hardy street, between Six-
teenth and Seventeenth. Interment Calvary
Cemetery.
HART— In this city, May 12, 1896. Mrs. Dorcas
. Hart, beloved wife of Michael Hart and sister of
Mrs. B. Hickey of Virginia City, New, and Mrs.
E. Cummins, a native of Queenstown, County
Cork, Ireland, aged 63 years.
ASTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 18 Chesley street, between Harrison
and Bryant. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
HUSBAND— In this city, -May 12, 1898. Walter
Boughton Husband, youngest son of Robert and
Anna M. Husband, a native of Alameda, Cal.,
aged 3 years 7 months and 14 days.
_S~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Wednesday). Interment private. ■■■
INCELL— In this city. May 11. 1896, Harry W.
. Incell, beloved son of Ada Incell and the late
William H. Incell and brother of William and
Arthur Incell, a natlveof Ni:es. Alameda County,
Cal., aged 35 years ana 11 months. -
a_T"Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (Wednesday),
at 2 o'clock p. m., from his late residence, 701
Post street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
JOHNSON— In this city. May 10, 1896. James A.
Johnson, a native of Arkansas, aged 65 years 11
months and 25 days. . •
JACKSON— In this city/May 9, 1896, May Agnes
Jackson, aged 2 years. ' -
KOHLER— In this city, May 10, 1896. Catharine
Kohler, a native of Germany, aged 53 years.
KENNEDY— In this city. May 10, 1896, Mary,
loved daughter of Thomas and the late Bridget
Kennedy, sister of William J. and the late John,
James F. and Thomas W. Kennedy, a native of
San Francisco, aged 28 years. .
Jt9"Frienas ana acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
' (Wednesday), at 6:30 o'clock a.m.. from her late
residence, 1602 Hyde street, thence to St. Brid-
get's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
wnere a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commencing at
9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
. tery. Please omit flowers.
LITTLE— In this niv, May 11. 1896, Andrew
Little, a native of Scotland, aged 65 years.
e.'o-Frlenas and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Thursday), at 1 1 o'clock a. m., from the par-
» lors of H. C. Porter A Co., 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laursl Hill Cemetery. : :; •_ .
McSHANU- In this city. May 11, 1896, Helen M.
McShane, a native of San Francisco, aged 13
years and 5 months.
MARTINEZ— In this city, May 11. 18a6, Edwin*
Martinez, a native of California, used 46 years.
MALONEY— In this city. May 11, 1896, William
E., dearly beloved husband of AbbieT. -Ma'.oney,
father of Ruth Maloncy. and son of . Mary Ma-
lonev, a native of California, aged 31 year->.
ASJTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence. 523 c Natoma street, thence to St.Pat-
, rick's Cnurch, where services will be celebrated
for the. repose of bis soul. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MEYER— this city. May 11, 1896, Christina
Meyer, a native of San Franciaco, aged 14 years
and 7 months.
43* Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fnliy invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of Peter Lippold, San Bruno road, near
Four-mile House. Interment LO. O. F. Ceme-
tery-
PRAIRO— In West Berkeley. May 11, 1896, Mrs.
Eunice G. Prairo, a native of Nantucket, Mass.,
aged 87 years.
ROL.PH— In this city. May 12, 1896, Lillian Ger-
trude Rolph, a native 0/ San Francisco, aged 4
mouths. • - _ __
STANS— In this city. May 1271896." Delia W., be-"
loved wife of James & Stans, a native of Eng-
land, aged 50 years.
STEELE— In this city. May 10, 1896, Samuel J..
beloved husband of Julia A. Steele, a member
Of Leo Assembly No. 4, Y. M. C. U., a native of
Boston. Mass., aged 39 years 1 month and 7 days
SS"Frieuds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the. funeral THIS DAY
. (Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from bis late
residence, 2 Crooks place, off Townsend street,
■ between Third and Fourth, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services. - Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery, by 10:40 train. . , ,r
Y. M. C. U. — Officers and members of Leo Assem-
bly No. 4. Y. M. C. U.. are requested to assemble
at 2 Crooks place, off Townsend street, between
Third aid Fourth, THIS DAY (Wednesday), at
8 o'clock a. m., for the purpose of attending the
" funeral of our late'brotner, Mamuel J. 6teele. By
. order of P. MOLLOY, President.
J. J. Sheahax, Recording Secretary.
SATTER— Tn this city. May 10. 1896. Adam Sat-
ter. beloved brother of Peter Satterof Olney, Or.,
and Josephine Klndel of Forest Grove, Or., and
uncle of Mary Satter and Mrs. Francis bcbmldt
of San FranciHt-o, a native of Klineenmuenster,
Rheinpfalz, Bavaria, Germany, aged 56 years 10
months and 5 days. A member of Eureka Lodge
. No. 6, O. 11. S.
. Kg" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Wednesday) at 9 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of Gantner di Guntz, 8 and 10 City Hall
. square, thence to. St. Boniface's Church. Golden'
Gate avenue, between Jones and Leavenworth
. streets,- for services. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery by 5 30:45 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets.
"" INITKD I'NDEBTAEEKS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for Flrst-cla-3 Funerals
- * ?': at Reasonable Rates. ■ : • "-;
' Telephone South 167. . .27 and 29 Fifth st.
I MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, ,1
i FUNERAL DIBKCTORS 4 EMBALM
«0 -f lf th St., Opp. Lincoln School. _
\- . Telephone 3080.
1516
SHE FOUND HIS
CHARMER'S LETTERS
Why Justice Carroll and
His Wife Have
Separated.
A DIVORCE MAY RESULT.
The Sensational Scene That
Took Place in a Court
room.
HIS HONOR'S CONTUSED EYE.
Fair Company and a Penchant for
Tender Epistles Caused All
the Trouble.
Justice of tbe Peace Carroll and his wife
no longer dwell together in the peace and
harmony that characterized the first few
years of their wedded life, and while an
agreed separation is all that exists at the
present time, a divorce is by no means un
certain.
Tbe strained relations in tbe Carroll
family are the result of a sensational
scene that took place in the Judge's court
room at the City Hall a few days ago.
Mrs. Carroll called at the court to see
her husband during the noon hour, but he
had gone out to his luncheon, and she sat
down at his desk to await his return.
With wifely solicitude she was straight
ening out the papers that encumbered the
desk when her eye fell upon a half wr tten
letter that had been began on a pad of
notepaper.
It began, "Dearest Marie," and went on,
with frequently repealed terms of endear
ment, to ask why the person for whom it
was intended had failed to meet the writer
on the evening previous at a place men
tioned in the letter.
A glance was sufficient to show Mrs.
Carroll that tbe writer was her husband,
and she immediately began a hurried
search for more documentary evidence.
Her efforts were rewarded by the unearth
ing of a number of letters written in fem
inine hands and signed Cora, Melrose and
other names. •■
A ll were replete with terms of endear
ment for tbe judicial light, and were
promptly transferred to Mrs. Carroll's ret
icule, where they were when the Judge re
turned.
Mrs. Carroll did not make much of a
scene at that time, but when the Justice
returned to his fireside that evening the
meeting, as described by Mrs. Carroll to
some of her intimate friends, was the re
verse of pleasant, and the Judge carried a
large and painful lump over his eye for
some days ; in fact the scar is there yet.
When she had time to think the matter
over Mrs. Carroll remembered that during
the last year— since his election to the
Justiceship — Judge Carroll had frequently
been absent from home days at a time.
On these occasions he was supposed to
be on hunting expeditions in the interior,
or on some favorite trout stream with an
attorney friend, but Mrs. Carroll now be
lieves that he spent the time in the com
pany of tbe fair ones whose letters were
so tenderly cherished in his desk.
Her suspicions in this line have partially
oeen confirmed by the register of the
Baldwin Hotel, where his name is said to
appear on dates when he should, accord
ing to the stories he told at home, have
been on Tulare Lake slaughtering ducks.
Since the night when Judge Carroll's
head came into contact with something
harder than itself the family residence on
Clay and Fillmore streets has seen him
not, and his present place of residence has
been carefully kept from all but his most
Intimate friends, though it is said that a
downtown hotel shelters him most of the
time.
Up to the time he was elevated to public
honors Judge Carroll was for several years
a clerk in the law office of Colonel Barry,
and was looked upon as a steady and hard
working student of the law.
With increased income and influence,
however, he acquired sporting friends who
wined and dined him until he became a
devote at the shrine of Bacchus and a
frequent visitor at the racetrack. At the
latter place he was often a heavy loser,
and on one occasion was swindled out of
several hundred dollars by having a worth
less check passed on him. Then began tbe
periods of absence from home, ending in
the sensational climax in bis own court
room.
Mr. and Mrs. Carroll have been married
over ten years and have five children, who
are with the mother at the Clay-atreet
residence.
The matter has become public talk in
the portion of the Western Addition where
the Carrolls are well known, and the lady's
friends are urging her to procure a
divorce — an action which she hesitates to
take on account of the scandal that it
would involve. At present she is satisfied
to let the matter rest as it is and live
separate from her husband on a liberal
income furnished by him.
Considered Redundant and Obscure.
Delznas & Shortridgc have filed notice of a
THREE OF THE SUBSTANTIAL BRIDGES OF TOE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQIIIN VALLEY RAILWAY OVER TRIBUTARIES OF THE SAN JOAQUIN RIVER.
deny! ThVJharac^ STCJ.'&Z^.t^sto^
The bridee shown in the nictnre to th^ w* ,.»-«.<, *v t 1 IUUUI " €llIls . °" 1 wiaeirencnes or great depth, and these are crossed by means of strong trestles and truss-bridges of wood and iron,
center P^^r^S^^^^ varying Lm 45 to 60 feet in height. It is 700 feet long. The
has on/truss 100 feet long, with trestle ork on each end The tolkl l°n£l , to mi f?"tand"rea,rt height 45^ '' '" "" B °° *" "" le ° gth - *"" he ' gl " U " **■ The Dry Creek bridge iS to the right. This
motion to strike out parts of tbe contest of
Annie Amelia Stanford, Orovllle C. Pratt Good
speed and Jennie Maud Snowgrass to the will
of Lucy Goodspeed. The motion to strike out
includes several of the vital issues of the con
test, but the main ground of objectiQn is tLat
the contest is obscure and redundant, and nets
forth conclusions not to be arrived at on a
hearing.
THE TRADES UNIONS.
Organizing the Woodworkers — The
Painters' Picnic.
Several days ago tbe Woodworkers' Union
issued a call for a mass-meeting to be held
for the purpose of organizing all the mill
and bench hands, and in fact all who earn
a livins in these lines. August Mueller
presided over the meeting, which was held
at 1159 Mission street, according to the
programme. The speakers were George
Postler, R. T. Mclvor, one of the agents
for the Building Trades Council, and sev
eral others.
They urged the non-union men to join
the union of their craft, and illustrated in
plain, simple language the advantages of
organization. They showed that men
united for their mutual benefit are able to
accomplish much more than men who
strive to light the battle of life alone and
unsupported by their fellowmen. These
meetings have brought a number of work
men into the unions who never before
understood the principles of unionism.
The Painters' Union is making great
preparations for the picnic that is to be
held next Sunday at Sunset Park. Among
the principal features will be a tug of war,
eight men to a side, between picked teams
of the painters and from Carpenters' Union
No. 22. At the gate 103 valuable prizes
will be distributed to the guests. Tne affair
is under the following committee of ar
rangements: C. S. Merrill, E. H. Wind
sor, A. Falen, Charles Doyle, J. Tickner
and J. Dennis. Floor committee — Charles
Doyle, floor manager; E. Rampe, B.
Cooney, H. Sullivan, G. Eisenuieuger and
W. H. Murray.
The Garruent-rnaKers' Union was spe
cially favored with guests last evening.
The Trades and Labor Alliance, San Fran
cisco Trades Council and Journeymen
Tailors' Union of San Francisco, all want
the new union to affiliate with their re
spective bodies. Last evening by chance
thirteen delegates from these three bodies
met in the earment-makers' meeting and
consumed the entire session in presenting
their respective claims for preference.
The situation was a little awkward on
account of the opposite positions of the
Alliance and the Trades Council.
CHEERED FOR SPRECKELS
The Howard Club Ratified the
Action of the Late Con
vention.
Enthusiastic Speeches on Protection
and the Free Coinage of
Silver.
The members of the Howard Club
turned out in full force last evening at
Pythian Castle to indorse the action of
the recent Republican State Convention
in electing John D. Spreckels as Delegate
at-Large to the Republican National Con
vention, and National Committeeman
from California.
Fully 200 members were present when
the meeting was called to order and Fred
erick Frey introduced the following reso
lutions :
Mesolvcd, That this club feels a special pride
in, and that it does most heartily and en
tiiusiastically indorse the action of said con
vention in doubly honoring the Hon. John D.
Spreckels by electing him as one of the Pele
gates-at-Large to the Republican National
Convention at St Louis, and in electing him
National Committeeman from this State.
JResolved, That under his leadership the
Howard Club freely and confidently believes
that the Republican party will achieve one of
the grandest victories ever known in Cali
fornia, and to this end hereby pledges Us un
wavering support.
The resolutions were received with much
applause and passed without* a dissenting
voice.
A resolution was also adopted ratifying
the action of the State Convention in in
dorsing McKinley for President.
Speeches were made by Thomas McDer
mott, Ernest Lutgens, M. C. Dunn and B.
Dougherty in favor of protection and the
free and unlimited coinage of silver, and
a number of musical numbers were ren
dered by members.
The picnic committee reported that the
recent outing at Schuetzen Park had been
a grand success financially and otherwise.
The club then adjourned for two weeks.
FARES ARE THEIR HOBBY.
Railway Passenger Agents Come to This
City for Business.
The meeting of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association, called by Chairman
D. D. Caldwell of Chicago, will take place
this morning at the Palace Hotel.
There are some twenty-five members in
the association, representing all the rail
roads this side of the Missouri Biver, and
the majority of them arrived here last
evening.
Among the most prominent are: John
Sebastian, general passenger agent of the
Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific road;
John Francis, general passenger agent of
the Burlington and Missouri road ; Charles
S. Fee of the Northern Pacific ; 8. K.
Hooper of the Denver and Rio Grande
road : W. F. White, passenger traffic man
ager of the Santa Fe road; J. D. Byrne,
general passenger accent of the Southern
California Railway; S. A. Hutchingson,
general traveling passenger agent of the
Union Pacific ,%:&■: .
This organization was established five
months ago in Chicago and two meetings
have been held to date. The meeting here
will be the third and will probably last
three days.
Mrs. Eugene Daniels of Canaan, N. H.,
has a tame crow that is a curiosity. It is
about 18 months old and has been in cap
tivity from the nest. It talks and seems
to understand what is said to it, and is
fond of music. It goes to church every
Sunday and waits outside till tbe services
are through.
lUJfi SAJN JJKAJNUIStJU UAIjJL., W JUDIN JSSDA V, MAY 13, 1896.
GOV. BUDD IS
FOR PATTISON
Whitney May Be Good, but
the Pennsylvanian
Is Better.
NO LACE OF MATERIAL.
The Governor's Views on the
Money Question Are Not
Expressed.
RESERVED FOR FUTURE TALK.
Free and Unlimited Coinage of Silver,
So Dear to Californians, Is
Amiably Slighted.
Governor Budd of California has ex
pressed his preference for a Democratic
candidate for President of the United
States.
Two weeks aeo The Call interviewed
Regent John E. Budd in regard to the
latter's preference, but the new regent of
the university from Stockton was non
committal, beyond expressing the opinion
that the candidate of the Democratic party
should be a Western man. When pressed
to name a Western man of the right size
nationally and intellectually the Gov
ernor's brother was silent.
Fearine that family diffidence was con
straining the regent to silence the obvious
ly embarrassing inquiry was not pressed.
John E. Budd did not say that California
was a Western State, but his manner in
dicated tbat a California candidate was in
his mind.
Yesterday tne Governor himself was in
terviewed, and he was not as si>y as one
might suppose. When asked if fie had a
Presidential preference among Democrats,
he frankly said:
"Yes. my preference is ex-Governor Pat
tison of Pennsylvania. He is very popu
lar in that State. lie has gained election
to the highest office in a State largely Re
publican. He has shown strength of char
acter and sound judgment. Whitney is
mentioned as a candidate, but it is my
opinion that the choice should rest on
Pattison."
"What is Governor Pattison's attitude
on the silver question?" was asked.
"I have not studied his position in that
respect thoroughly," replied the Gov
ernor.
'What views, Governor, do you enter
tain yourself on the money question?"
"I nave not expressed my views on that
subject."
"Are you in favor of the free coinage of
silver?"
"I have concluded not to express my
views at present on that subject," the
Governor amiably replied.
Then he reverted to the coming National
Convention of the Democratic party, re
marking that there would be plenty of
Presidential material before the conven
tion and ample opportunity for the ex
pression of opinion* on the money ques
tion. ■
NOT QUIRK THE PENMAN
Dean, the Nevada Bank Forger,
Denies That He Was an
Accomplice.
The Imprisoned Man Thinks His Own
Punishment Is Only a Ques
tion of Years.
The one man above all others who ought
to know whether or not there is any truth
in the reported indictment of "Quirk the
penman" in the celebrated Nevada Bank
forgery case declares most emphatically
that there is not a word of truth in it.
That man is A. H. Dean.
Ever Bince bis arrest in Minneapolis
some three months ago by Detectives
Whittaker and Seymour the genteel-ap
pearing "manufacturers' agent," who ex
changed a $12 draft for $20,000 in gold coin,
has been the sole occupant of cell 31 in the
new City Hall Prison, where he patiently
awaits the slow process of law, which is to
mete out his punishment for a crime
already confessed. With Dean the ques
tion of imprisonment is one of years only.
He hopes for nothing but a sentence
tempered with mercy. Confessions or ad
missions beyond those made at the time of
his arrest would avail him nothing. The
case against him was so thoroughly worked
up by Captain Lees and Detectives Whit
taker ana Seymour that there was nothing
left for Dean to do but confess his guilt.
Being a man of intelligence he saw at a
glance that no loophole of escape had been
left by the detectives, so he concluded to
make the best of a bad bargain and con
fess everything, which he did months ago.
In consideration of this and the fact that
he thus saves the Btate what would other
wise be a long and expensive trial, he ex
pects the mercy usually accorded to peni
tent prisoners.
Since his incarceration Dean has had
but few visitors and devotes most of his
time to reading and writing letters. His
daily budget of mail is large, showing that
he has a wide circle of acquaintances. He
exercises by daily walks in the corridor of
the detention department, and although a
ready and entertaining conversationalist
he never speaks of bis case or of criminal
matters generally. Unlike most prisoners,
he is uncomplaining md entertains no
feeling of hatred for those who were in
strumental in his capture. He realizes
that his case was skillfully worked np and
that no unfair advantage was taken of him
in its presentation. Aside from the fact
that he has confessed to the crime, there
is nothing in the appearance of Dean to
indicate that he is a criminal. In manner,
dress and speech he would readily pass for
the prison chaplain.
•—• — • — •—
Sixty-Five New Clerki.
Postmaster McCoppin received from Wash
ington yesterday the names of 101 ; persons
who successfully passed the civil service ex
amination for postal positions held in Feb
ruary last. Sixty-five— twenty-six female and
thirty-nine male persons— are now eligible for
clerkships, and thirty-six new carriers await
positions. The percentage of the first eighteen
is as follows :
Clerks (female)— Bertha Zimmerman 91.08,
Marion A. Pritchard 89 60, Kellie McElroy
89.53. Julia A. O'Neil 88.95. Susie G. McAravy
88.90, Nellie C. O'Conner 88.03.
Clerks (male)— E. £. Sawyer 97.43, Maurice
J. Fitzgerald 93.40, Ferdinand J. Peck 93,
Alfred Henry 92, Percy C. Glover 90.48, Del
more E. Lawton 89.50.
Curriers— Minet E. Hill 91.18, James MoGill
91.08. Gabriel Goldberg, 90.20, James P. Mul
hern 90.13, John Welsh 88.98.
SWINDLED BY A
BOGUS COUNT
The Successful Operations
of a Dapper Little
Man.
LORD VAN DE LEON.
He Worked the Leading Hotels
in New York, Chicago and
St Paul.
MADE HIMSELF FELT HERE.
The Police Have Been Searching for
Him, bat He Has Given Them
the Slip.
For the past two or three weeks two of
the most astute local detectives have been
endeavoring to discover tbe whereabouts
of a dapper little swindler who poses as a
Count of France and Italy.
In the East, where he was successful in
pullin* the wool over the eyes of numerous
men of wealth and procuring large sums
of money from them, he was known as
Count Van de Leon.
lie is a small man, about five feet tall,
rather dark, patrician face, small dark
mustache, curled at the ends, wears gold
rimmed eyeglasses and dresses in the
height of fashion. He is fond of wearing
a golf cap. He speaks German, French
and Italian with the greatest fluency.
A lew months ago he turned up in the
Hoffman House, New York. He soon
made it known that ha belonged to one of
the most illustrious of French families
and aroused the sympathies of the guests
by telling tnem that he wa3 temporarily
embarrassed. To those who took an in
terest in his tale of woe he showed a
"faKe" cablegram from Paris that a draft
for several thousand francs was on the
way to him. He succeeded in eetting
altogether between $3000 and $4000 and
then he quietly disappeared.
Soon afterward be made his appearance
in the Palmer House, Chicago. He
worked the same game successfully upon
the guests there. He also made him?eif
known to several of tbe leading jewelers
and by various pretext* he contrived to
get possession of several thousand dollars'
worth of diamonds and absconded with
them.
From Chicago he went to St. Paul,
where he registered at the Ryan Hotel.
While there he made the acquaintance of
a leading photographer, named Francis.
He treated Francis to a few bottles of
wine, and then told him that he was a
French Count, a little short of funds, but
expected a remittance from Paris in a few
days. Francis was only too glad to ad
vance him $100. Next day he gave him
another $100, but when he made his third
request. Francis heaituted. The Count
then told him that on his way to St. Paul
be and three men happened to be the only
occupants of the Pullman car. The three
men stole his satchel from him, which
contained several thousand francs, and
jumped off the train with it. He jumped
after them, spraining his ankle, and they
escaped. Francis credited his story and
gave him $300 more.
The Count got introduced to society in
St. Paul and won the affections of a young
lady, the daughter of a wealthy resident.
Tney were engaged to be married and the
Count by some means or other got posses
sion of her diamonds. Her father learned
of it and went gunning for bis prospective
son-in-law, who made bis escape and came
to this City.
He soon made his presence known here
by introducing himself as an Italian Count
and swindling several of the leading citi
zens of that nationality out of various
sums of money.
One of his victims complained to the po
lice, and from the description Captain Lees
came to the conclusion that he was the
same swindler who had been operating so
successfully in the East.
Two detectives were detailed to arrest
him and thn search has been vigorously
kept up, but yesterday they were forced to
the conclusion that he had given them the
slip. It is believed that he has gone to
Mexico, where he will probably soon be
heard of.
PIRACY, SUICIDE,
INSOLVENCY, LIBEL
Interesting Points Involved
in a Los Angeles
Lawsuit.
E. D'ARTOIS' GRIEVANCES
"Union Nouvelle" Says That He
Is the Son of a Mexi
can Pirate.
y
DAYS OF MAXIMILIAN REVIVED
The Father of the Plaintiff Committed
Suicide in This City Ten
Years Ago.
Piracy, suicide and a failure for several
thousand dollars is involved in a suit for
criminal libel recently filed in Los Angeles
by one Emil d'Artois against a French
paper of that city.
The early part of the story really centers
in this City, because it is on the evidence
obtainable here that the claimant hopes to
win his suit.
Some weeks ago Emil d'Artois of Los
Angeles went into insolvency. On April
1. Le Petit Californien published an article
saying that d'Artois was the same man
who had been tried for piracy many years
before.
The Union Nouvelle, a French paper
published in the same city, declared that
the man who had just gone into insolv
ency was not the pirate, but his son— the
pirate himself had committed suicide in
San Francisco in the early part of 1886.
Emil d'Artois thereupon began a suit
for criminal Jibel against the French paper
which had declared him to be the son of a
pirate. The proprietors of the journal
immediately employed Attorney Scott of
Los Angeles to look up the facts in the
case and that gentleman has succeeded in
making up a lot of ancient interesting
data.
It appears that on December 6, 1866, one
Ga ston d'Artois was charged before Com
missioner Sullivan with the crime of
Eiracy on the high seas. The evidence
rougbt out at the hearing involved the
good name of Maximilian, the self-pro
claimed Emperor of Mexico, and General
Janrez, who made such a bitter and suc
cesslul fight for a republican form of gov
ernment.
It seems that in the month of October
1866, the brig Basco, flying the flag of
Maximilian, the so-called Emperor of
Mexico, set sail from La Paz for San Fran
cisco on the 18th of tne month named.
She made Cape San Lucas, 150 miles dis
tant, on the 23a, when the captain thought
it prudent to secure a fresh supply of
water. He accordingly stopped his vessel
250 feet off the shore.
Bhortly after anchoring, according to the
findings of Commissioner Sullivan, a boat
containing three armed men came from
the shore to the brig. This boat was com
manded by Gaston d'Artois. Later five
other men came from the shore, and at a
given signal three others put off from the
sloop Jenny, an American vessel lying
near the Basco.
D'Artois, by force or otherwise, secured
the sum of $2800 from the Basco. said to
be the property of one Paul Rothes. In
addition to this a box addressed to Wells,
Fargo <fc Co. was confiscated and taken to
the shore, but later returned as it con
tained only specimens.
The brig was released on a bond of $10,
-000, given by the captain and payable in
San Francisco. The authority on which
the seizure was made was contained in an
instrument given Gaston d'Artois by one
Ramon Carona, a general under the
Juarez or Republican Government of
Mexico, then in command of three States
bordering on the Pacific. D'Artois was
given authority to seize all vessels under
the French flag or the flag of Maximilian.
Commissioner Sullivan held, first, that
D'Artois was an American citizen, ana
further, that he was not a pirate, because
he had refused to take several thousand
dollars on board the Basco belonging to
parties other than Frenchmen. In" addi
tion to this, there were two parties in
power in Mexico at the time — one under
Maximilian and the other headed by
Juarez, whom the Federal Government
recognized. In view of this D'Artois was
set free.
The capture of D'Artois was a thing of
easy moment. After holding up the Basco
at La Paz and securing the booty named,
he boarded a vessel bound for San Fran
cisco, reaching this port a day or two after
the Basco. He was arrested, tried and
released, as above stated.
D'Artois returned to Mexico for a few
months, but later concluded to make his
home in San Francisco. He became a
traveling salesman for an Eastern cloth
ing-house, and for a time prospered. In
1886 he seemed to grow despondent, and on
October 30 of that year committed suicide
at 207 Montgomery avenue. The son, the
same presumably who is now suing for
criminal libel, testified that his father was
temporarily insane.
The net immigration to the Argentine
Republic for 1895 was 46,783 persons; in
1894, 64,720, and in 1893, 52,007. For the
last five years the total has been 220,000 ar
rivals. The great majority of the immi
grants continue to come from Italy. For
the last year Italian immigration was 65
per cent of the whole, and 18,912 were fam
ilies.
> ♦ — *
Oreenbfrg & Greenberg,
31 Grant avenue.
First grand spring clearance sale. *
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
BLACK
FREHsrcia:
_ ' ' - '■ - •-- ■ ■ ■
DRE3SS
GOODS !
FIVE^PECIAL BARGAINS
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH ARSIIIRES, 48 inches wide,
assorted patterns - - - - $1.25 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH MOHAIR AND WOOL FAX-
CIES, 20 different designs - • $1.00 Yard
ONE CASE
BLACK FRENCH WOOL FANCIES (elegant
designs) - : - - - ... 75c Yard
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH SERGE, 48 inches wide
- -•■■-.. 50c Yard
TWO CASES
BLACK FRENCH DIAGONAL (wide wale),
45 inches wide - - - - - . 50c Yard
We will also exhibit this week an ele-
gant line of NEW BLACK FRENCH CRE-
PONS, prices $1.00 to $4.00 per yard.
Samples Forwarded to Any Address.
TDESXjZESFIECOaxriES 3VX^^.I3XT 5777,
ill, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
POPPIES THEIR EMBLEM
Endeavorers to Send an Esch
scholtzia Delegation to
San Jose.
Will Try to Secure the International
Convention for 1897 for
California.
"Hurrah for San Jose!"
This expression, in an excited and en
thusiastic tone, came from one of the
members, of the executive committee of
Golden Gate Union of Christian En
deavor.
The union met last night in the Young
Men's Christian Association building to
transact the routine business of the En
deavorers, and especially to consider the
State Convention to be held at San Jose
from May 14 to 17, inclusive. The fore
going enthusiastic expression was drawn
forth from an impulsive member during
an animated discussion.
The various committees report that
arrangements have been made to have
all the trains meet at Niles station and go
into San Jose in one train of twenty cars.
Provision has already been made for
boarding and lodging 1000 delegates in the
Garden City, and a couple of hundred of
these, representing fifty-three societies,
will go from San Francisco.
The poppy was formally adopted as the
emblem of Golden Gate Union. All the
San Francisco Endeavorers going to the
convention will wear this flower.
Even the hotel secured for the San Fran
cisco delegation, and the cars that draw
them into San Jose, will^be festooned with
eschscholtzias.
A beautiful silken banner has been pre
pared, on which is an artistic painting of
the Golden State. A wreath of golden
poppies will be hung on this, and it will
be carried in the ranks of this City's dele
gation.
Mrs. M. L. Berry, who is one of the most
enthusiastic members of the union, said :
"We are going to San Jose in a blaze of
glory, prepared to make a hard fight to
secure tbe International Convention of
Endeavorers of 1897 for California, and we
are convinced that we stand a fair show."
FURNITURE
I CARPETS.
Four-room Outfit, Parlor.Din-)
ing room, Bedroom and}- ©I7 K AA
Kitchen ) I O.UU
Solid Oak Bedroom Suit, 6) (J*l£*
pieces. Bevel mirror, 22x28) $10,017
Large Assortment Fancy Oak) (g>-| *■ (\
and Mahogany Rockers ) $1.01/
And Upward
Elegant Desks and Bookcases.) CM A A
highly polished j" tjpdt.Ul/
And Upward
Fine Parlor Suits, upholstered) Of)K A A
in brocatelle f. {" $£O.UU
And Upward
Choice Patterns in Velvets,) £(\ pi
Brussels and Ingrains,}- 01/ \jbo
sewed, laid and lined ) and upward
Also a complete line of household goods of every
description at proportionately low prices. House's
furnished all over the Coast on easy payments
Country orders receive prompt attention. Goods
packed and shipped free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. Insnectlon cordially invited and
credit extended to all.
Iff. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224, 228, 230 and 306 and 308
STOCKTON STREET,
And 237 POST STREET.
Telephone, Main 1328. Open Evening*
Udo IT coisdtbtiyes !
Hbl BuFII In the use of
II || y|p g ■ '^sj>j HV>oxr's
lIUI ifen Cod T.ivor Oil and
... ■'.{ Phosphates.
It. Is worthy of all confidence. It
cures Consumption, Coughs. Colds.
Asthma, Pneumonia, Influenza,
Bronchitis, Debility, Wasting Dis-
eases and Scrofulous Humors.
Be sure, as you value your health, and gat the
genuine, aa base Imitations, said to bo good as
WllHflfft'Q COP LIVER OIL
Iff ILiDUII O & PHOSPHATES
Are attempted to be substituted by unprincipled
dealers. They are not, but lack the peculiar vir-
tues of this preparation. II your Druggist does not
! keep it, send direct to A. B. WILBOK, Chemist,
I Boston, Mass., the only Manufacturer of this
preparation.
PHOTO MOUNT AND CARD MTG. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
MANUFACTURERS OF
PHOTO MOUNTS. .-«
CARDS OF ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSING
RAGGED EDGINO, ETC..........
ARTISTIC 50UVEN1R5.... .;.....
pRoaRAnnES. nENus. .......
, LABELS. SHOW CARDS, ETC..
W. COR, OF CLAY MD SALOME STS.
TS THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
X your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of his own Invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My mo-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p.m. ■ ;
GREATEST BARGAINS EVER OFFERED
. AT 151 AND 153 ; FOURTH ST.
MEN'S SUITS ::.:J7^r... ■; S3 66 __
MEN'S SHOKS.. ..... ••• 7S.c uS
MJSJCS ALL-WOOL SH. and DR. f. 500