VOLUME LXXIX.— NO. 3(>.
TWO BUTTLES
WERE FOUGHT
Details of the Defeat of
Jameson's Forces by
the Boers.
FORCED TO SURRENDER.
During the Encounter Many of
the Invader's Followers
Were Killed.
FIVE HUNDRED MEN CAPTURED.
The Leaders, White and Willoughby,
Arc Lodged in Jail at
Pretoria.
LONDON, Exg., Jan. t— ln response to
an inquiry from the Office Sir
Walter Hely-Hutchinson, Governor of
Natal, has sent a dis] ai h concerning the
plain farts of James, r. 's defeat. He adds
that the Boers >sed Jameson's
force numbered They occu
pied a strong position. Two battle? were
fought.
The 'iovernor also sends extracts from
new>j - ' < which are confused
and contradict iry. The main points de
ducible from these dispatches are that
Dr. Jameson arrived near Krugersdorp on
her 31 and attacked the Boers on
lowing. He was repulsed and
then tried to move by Kandfontein to
Koodeport, but was stopped at Doorkop.
Heavy fighting took place on the after
noon of January 2. at which time the
State Artillery arrived. Dr.
force was hopelessly outnum
were almost exhausted, having
" ! >od for chree days. The
0, were helplessly jaded.
■ Bson yielded after sustaining a
■ hiih, if the original force was 800
amounted to 24u killed and wounded.
h Chamberlain. Secretary of
>nies, received at 5 o'clock this
::g a cablegram from tfir H. G. Rob-
Governor of the Cape Colony, say-
"I received the following; telegram from
icobas A. Dewet, iiritish agent at Pre
toria, at 6 o'cJ >ek last evening: 'Every
thing is quiet now; further disturbances
not ocvur. A deputation from the
Johannesburg reform committee came
ing a guarantee of peace.
I informed President Kruger of that guar
antee, and he assured me. pending Gov
ernor Koliinson's arrival, that if the people
of Johaniv c quiet and did not
commit any hostile acts Johannes
would not be surrounded or molested
by tiie burgher forces. The deputation
■was highly pleased with this assurance.
It pave a pledge that the reform commit
tee would preserve order.'
41 Veent Dewet proceeds to say : 'I testify
in the strongest manner to the great
I and forbearance of the Gov
ernment of the Transvaal under the ex
:, i trying circumstances. The
tave juat arrived. Their casnal
• i to have been severe. Those
::ors were Blight. 1 "
r Robinson has telegraphed to
Mr. Chamberlain that of the force led into
i real by Dr. Jameson, 70 were
■■■•"• -re injured and 500 were taken
lers. He also telegraphs that it is
■ Town papers that
Jameson, Wl te and Willoughby are
I in the Pretoria jail. Gray and
try, of the British South Africa
my, are ai ong the wounded. Sir
J. A. Dewet. the British agent at Pretoria,
telegraphs that the wounded of Dr.
Jameson's forces number over thirty. All
of them are at Krugei burg, and are being
cared for by doctors, ■ gays that seventy
odd were killed, bui ■ , -t number
cannot he Btated now, as booieß are still
being picked up off the Bel 1 and buried.
The Government I ,1 the fol
lowing dispatch from Cape Town, dated
at noon to-day :
"Jameson surrendered at 2 o'clock on
the afternoon of the 1M inst. The actual
fightine lasted from 3 o'clock in the after
noon of the Ist until 11 at night. Jameson
made three attacks. The men behaved in
the most gallant manner. The Boers at
tacked the an^le of Jameson's forces and
had a fire on his front and flank."
A private me sage received to-day -ays
that President Ivruger of the Hout:
can republic has declared his willii,
to make a satisfactory concession to the
demands of the I'itlanders. The
reports say that eighty of Jameson's fol
lowers were killed. The excitement in
Johannesburg is subsiding and the citi
zens are disarming.
A deputation of merchants interested
in the South African trade to-day visited
Colonial Secretary Chamberlain in con
nection with the troubles m the
Transvaal. Replying to the represen
tations made to him by the depu
tation Mr. Chamberlain saM that the
probability of further disturbances was
remote. The Government, he added, sym
pathized with the undoubted grievances of
the Inlanders, though wJiat had recently
occurred made the situation difficult, f^till
he hoped that friendly representations to
the Transvaal Government would be suc
cessful.
Referring to the invasion of the Trans
vaal by Dr. Jameson, he said the Govern
ment bad done its <luty and nothing more.
The Government would adhere to its obli
gations under the convention of 1884 and
would uphold that convention in all its
provisions. From this position nothing
had occurred to induce the Government to
recede.
The Berlin correspondent of the Central
N'-ws claims to have authority for the
statement that negotiations are in progress
between several powers relative to the
taking of joint steps, especially in the
event of the Transvaal, repudiating the
Anglo-Boer convention. The correspond
ent adds that the Germans interested
will claim damaces from the telegraph
company for blocking German dispatches.
Ihe fat. James Gazette says that tiie
The San Francisco Call.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JANUARY 5, 189G— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
UNCLE SAM INTRODUCES MISS UTAH TO THE SISTERHOOD OF STATES.
German Emperor's gratuitous insult to
England in the message of congratula
tions sent by him to President Krueger
furnishes another argument in favor of
Great Britain's pushing on the work of
increasing and strengthening her arma
ments.
The Globe says: "It is a profound mis
take to imagine that England will not
fight, whatever insults maybe offer?'' to
her. British passion is steadily rising and
the solicitude of the Ministers is to pre
vent a premature outbreak."
DUPED BY A CLEVER FORGER.
St. Paul and Minneapolis Banks Swindled
Out of Ten Thousand
Dollars.
ST. PAUL, Miss., Jan. 4.— For three
weeks the banks of St. Paul and Minneap
olis have suppressed the fact that a re
markably clover forger lias circulated
among them and has departed hence with
his pocket lined with coin to the extent of
over $10,000. While operating in this city
the forger was known by several names.
The one that he assumed in dealirg with
the Union Bank was Escb. Another one
of his aliases was Charles R. Rhodes. He
made his first appearance in the Twin
Cities something over a month a<ro and
opened small accounts at a number of
banks of both towns. His forgeries were
in the majority of cases accomplished by
means of a bank cashier's certification
stamp. This was the case with the Onion
and Commercial paper. The man had
taken a blank check on the Northern Ex
change, tilled it out as he desired and put
on the stamp of certification with Cashier
Adolph Gallasch's signature. The forged
signature of the maker was that of a de
positor of the Northern Exchange BanK.
The checks were then passed at the Union
and Exchange banks. Esch said he de
sired to place a part of the amount on de
posit. He drew out almost the full amount
of the check, however, and this was his
course at all of the banks.
CORBETT'S EX-WIFE WEDS.
She Hficomea the ISride of Fred X.
Jlnsury.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— A morning
paper says Olive Lake, the divorced wife
of James J. Corbett, the pugilist, was mar
ried on December 21 to Fred L. Masury, a
young man well known in this city. The
couple were married by civil process on
Staten Island. None of the relatives of
either, except Mr. Masury's brother and
the bride's father, knew of the ceremony.
Corbett expressed surprise to-niirht
when seen at the Columbia Theater, Bos
ton, and said he knew nothing about it.
He would make no comment.
Arrival of the Italia.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 4.— The over
due steamer Italia, for which some
anxiety has been felt during the last few
(iays, anchored m quarantine at 10:40
o'clock to-night after a very rough pas
sage. All on board are well.
HEADQUARTERS OF GENERAL CAMPS. 1 kou M RO GASTLB. COVER «'Ok'S PALACE.
VIEWS IN THE CITY OF HAVANA.
MARCHING ON HAVANA
Insurgent Armies Closing
In on the Capital
of Cuba.
WIN A GREAT BATTLE.
General Oliver Slain and Campos
Said to Be Badly
Wounded.
THREE THOUSAND PRISONERS.
•
The Commanding Position to Havana
Captured and the City May
Soon Be Taken.
HAVANA, Ccba, Jan. 4. — It is reported
that a battle was fought to-day near Colon
in which the Spanish troops suffered
heavy loss.
The insurgents gained the position
which commands Havana, and it is said
that they will have the city inside of
twenty-four hours.
The insurgents also captured 3000 Span
ish artillerymen. It is said General Oliver
was killed and General Campos seriously
wounded.
The latest news from the front is that
the Cubans captured Guineß last night,
cutting communication between the main
forces of Campos' army and Havana.
The heights around this city are being
hurriedly fortified and new garrisons have
been established at Jesus del Monte, Ma
riana and other stragetic suburban out
posts to prevent the Cubans from cutting
off the water supply.
A strong guard has also been placed to
protect the gas works from the emissaries
of the Cubans, who are suspected of a pur
pose to cripple the plant and leave the
city in darkness.
The track of the Havana and Matanzas
Railway was torn up last night between
Bainao and Aguacate, in the vicinity of
which town 1000 Cuban cavalry were en
camped this morning. Families living in
the country are rushing to this city.
General Arderius to-day sent troops to
fortify Bainao, beyond which point traffic
is suspended. The cane fields in the vi
cinity are all burning.
Fort Victoria, near Sagua La Grande,
yesterday surrendered to the Cuban forces
without, firing a shot.
Intense excitement prevailed in the city
last night. Wild rumors emanating from
the palace were circulated, but the Gov
ernment officials dni I anything
unusual had happened.
It was learned, however, that strict
orders had come from Madrid to suppress
all unfavorable reports, and, as a conse
quence, no messages, even to the Madrid
papers, were allowed tc go out.
THE ELEVATION OF SATOLLI.
Catholic Dignitaries and Many Others Co
to Baltimore to Attend the
Ceremony.
BALTIMORE, Md., Jan. 4.— Catholic
church dignitaries have bsen arriving on
almost every train to-day to attend the im
posing ceremonies at the Cathedral to
morrow, when Cardinal Satolli will take
the third step in his elevation. Besides
the members of the hierarchy and clergy
attending the ceremony there will be a re
markable assembly of distinguished per
sons of this and other cities. There will
be a fair representation of the diplomatic
and governmental circles present.
In addition to several foreign Ministers
and army and navy officers of high rank
there will also be present Vice-President
Stevenson, Postmaster-General Wilson,
Secretary Herbert, Senator Brice of Ohio
and Mrs. Brice, Senator Pcttigrew of South
I Dakota and his wife, Senator and Mrs.
: Elkmsof West Virginia, Senator Roche of
I North Dakota and Senator Carter of Mon
tana.
IIOLJ> JTOItCJJIIsE POSSESSION.
Xhere la Strife Over t/ie Mine Jumping
at Victor.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 4.—
News comes from Cripple Creek that there
has been a good deal of trouble near Victor
over the jumping of the Conejos claim.
It seems that in August last certain parties
claimed the assessment work on the prop
erty was not done in 1593 and staked a new
claim on the ground. Ever since Decem
ber 31 100 men armed with Winchesters,
under the command of John Calderwood,
president of the miners' union, and Mar
shall Bell, have held forcible possession of
the property and have'stopped all work on
the part of the owners, who have driven
men off who tried tv do the work.
An injunction will be applied for to
restrain the would-be jumpers. More
trouble will probably occur.
Caught in a Landslide.
TELLURIDE, Colo., Jan. 4.— A section
of a mountain top near here broke aviray
eariy this morning and came tearing down
to the valley, crushing all before it. John
Miller, a miner, was caught in the rush
and instantly killed. Considerable dam
age was doi?e to surrounding country.
READY FOR BUSINESS
Brewer Elected President
of the Venezuelan
Commission.
FIRST MEETING HELD-
All of the Members Were in
Attendance Except Mr.
White.
GIVEN THEIR CERTIFICATES.
The Investigators Will Proceed With
the Work and Report With
out Delay.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 24.— The
Venezuelan commission met at 11 o'clock
this morning in the diplomatic room of
the Department of State. Messrs. Cou
dert, Brewer, Alvey and Gilman were
in attendance. Mr. White is absent and is
not expected to join the commission until
next week. The four commissioners re
mained with Secretary Olney for half an
hour discussing routine matters pertaining
to their origin. Mr. Olney did not partici
pate in any of the work of the commission,
and when the commissioners emerged
from his office into the diplomatic room he
remained behind.
Each member of the tribunal, with the
exception of Professor Whit", received his
formal certificate of appointment from the
President to-day. The form of this cre
dential is peculiar and extremely explicit,
urging the commissioners to proceed with
out delay, pointing out rules for their
government and noting that the report
must be made to the President. The sub
stance of the credential is as follows:
•'You are hereby appointed a member of
the commission to investigate and report
upon the true location of the divisional
line between the territory of the republic
of Venezuela and that of British Guiana.."
It is expected that the commission will
avail itself of all possible sources of infor
mation, will apply to the matter all perti
nent rules of municipal and international
law, and will make a report to the Presi
dent of their conclusions, together with the
evidence and documents submitted to and
i received by them with as little delay as is
compatiDle with the thorough and impar
tial consideration of the subject to be dealt
with.
Upon assembling in the diplomatic room
the commissioners immediately proceeded
| to the selection of a presiding officer, who
I will hereafter be designated as president.
As was expected, Justice Brewer was
chosen unanimously.
President Brewer proceeded to adminis
ter the oath of office to the other commis
sioners, and Commissioner Alvey acted in
a like capacity for the president.
A motion to designate a clerk to act for
the present temporary session of the com
mission was adopted, and J. "Walter Blan
ford, private secretary of the Secretary of
State, was accordingly designated.
Commissioner G-ilman moved that an
inquiry be made as to the best map show
ing the physical characteristics of the
country in question, and whether it could
be reproduced in convenient form for the I
use of the commission. This was adopted
and the committee authorized Commis
sioner Gilman to make such an inquiry.
This concluded all business for the pres
ent, and the commission adjourned to
meet on Saturday next, January 11, unless
the Dresident of the commission chose to
select another date, in tiie diplomatic
room of the Department of State.
FXJEPAItIAG A MESSAOE.
President Crespo to Resist Invasion
and Jnjusticr.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— The Her
ald's special cable from Caracas, Vene
zuela, says: President Crespo is preparing
a message to the people of Venezuela, in
which he will dilate upon the boundary
dispute at length. He will fully express
his views upon English aggression beyond
the limits of British Guiana, and will ap
peal to the citizens of the republic to unite
in patriotic resistance to invasion and in
justice.
ERASTUS WIMAIf TAZKS.
T/ie Aged Financier Favors the Monroe
Doctrine.
NEW YORK. N. V., Jan. 4.-Erastus
Wiman, who appeared as a public speaker
for the first time since his vindication by
the courts, addressed to-night, the Charles
town Association, a group of West Vir
ginians that yearly dine together at the
"Arena," on Thirty-first street.
Intb"! course of his remarks Wiman re
ferred to the Monroe doctrine and the
Venezuelan boundary question, and said :
"It is on record that before President
Monroe announced his famous postulate
Thomas Jefferson had been consulted, and
in a remarkable letter he had replied that
the adhesion to this principle was the most
momentous which had been offered to his
contemplation since the Declaration of In
dependence."
Mr. Wiman said that as a British sub
ject it was hardly to be expected he could
at first blush advocate it. Yet the sober
second thought, about which we now hear
so much, had brought him to the conclu
sion that there was no principle for which
the United States could more righteously
contend and there was no danger which
these free people might not incur to en
force it. But in encouragement there need
not be conflict with Great Britain. If the
English people were right in their conten
tion England wanted no more than she
was entitled to on the one hand, and on
the other the United States was willing
that all she was entitled to should be
awarded to her.
It may be difficult to justify the bellig
erent attitude of the President in a moment
of profound peace, and it may be almost
as difficult to justify the refusal to settle a
subtle claim in a remote wilderness by the
simple means of referring it to disinter
ested friends. But intelligent and com
prehensive investigation, as proposed by
the United States, was certainly the only
way in which to beget the removal of all
cause of difference between two nations so
bound up together that they could not
light where one only wants what it is en
titled to and the other is ready to grant it.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
DARING WORK
OF LOBBYISTS.
Huntington's Men Again
Invade the National
Capital.
FOR THE FUNDING BILL.
Fine Manipulation in the Selec*
tion of Committees on
Pacific Roads.
INFLUENCES THAT ARE BINDING
Representative Maguire Tells How
the Interests of the People
Are Handicapped.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.—Repre
sentative Maguire said to The Call corre
spondent to-night:
"It is well understood that there is a
strong force of railroad lobyists here
ostensibly promoting the passage of the
pooling bill which was defeated in tee last
Congress. They are also doing active and
effective work in promoting the passage of
the funding bill. They have thus far suc
ceeded in gaining every point for which
they have contended, namely, the appoint
ment of Pacilic railroad committees
strongly favorable to refunding in both
the Senate and House and the exclusion
of anti-funding men from both committees.
The Senate Committee on Pacific Rail
roads is, if possible, more strongly favor
able to refunding than the House com
mittee. Davis of Minnesota, as haa pre
viously been stated, was the author of the
first and worst of all funding bills. Brice
is a director of the Union Pacific Railroad,
and he has never hesitated on account of
any moral and political consideration to
fight for every possible advantage to the
Pacific railroads, without any regard to the
effect on any public interests.
"Senator Frye has been for years an ad
vocate of refunding and of all other de
mands made by the Pacific railroad com
bine. If Senator Stewart has ever failed
or refused to support any of their schemes
I have not heard of it. With Gear of
lowa, a strong supporter of the Keilly bill
in the last Congress, as chairman, this
committee constitutes a railroad wall of
stone which will be immovable so far aa
the action and influence of the com
mittee is concerned. I do not know
that their report will be unanimously in
favor of the funding bill, but I imagine
that opposition, if any, will be extremely
weak.
"There are all sorts of rumors about
Washington of political promises made by
railroad people to friends of candidates for
the Presidency in consideration of the
'packing' of these committees, and it does
certainly look bad from that point of view
for the men who had the selection of the
committees. The right against refunding
must therefore be made in both houses on
the floor, and practically against the whole
committee in each house.
"My impression is that the railroad peo
ple have overdone their work up to this
time. They have put us in a position to
very conclusively discredit beiore the com
mittee and to destroy their prestige, which
is the greatest force behind a committee
when it presents and supports a measure
on the floor. The presumption is gen
erally that the committee has been honest
and impartial; that it has made a more
thorough investigation of any question
committed to it than other members of
the House can possibly make, and that
the impartial judgment of the majority of
the committee is a safer guide than the
more crudely formed opinions of other
members. These committees will have no
such prestige. They are already branded
as the spawn of conspiracy, in favor of
railroad interests and against public in
terests.
"No investigation or report which either
committee can make will be for a moment
considered impartially or worthy of credit.
I am therefore encouraged to believe that
the railroad successes already won in star
chamber proceedings, out of which the
committees come, do not indicate the
strength of the Pacific Railroad Commis
sion in either the House or Senate, and
that a determined fight in both houses
may defeat their scheme.
"The work of Huntington's men against
an application for San Pedro harbor is
being quietly done, but it is well under
stood that they are determined that tha
application shall De for Santa Monica
harbor or that none shall be made.
"What Mr. Huntington is doing against
the Nicaragua Canaf I don't know. The
NEW to-day:
&co'§
COPPER RIVETED
AND
Sm BOTTOM
PANTS..
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!;
f OR SALE EVERYWHERE.2
committees in both the House and Senate
that have jurisdiction of the Nicaragua
canal matter are understood to be pro-
disposed against it. By a curious coin
cidence it happens that the chairman of
the Interstate and Foreign Commerce
Committee, which has charge of the
matter in the House, is the second mem
ber of the Pacific Railroads Committee
and a strong advocate of the funding bill;
while the chairma"n of the Committee on
Commerce in the Senate, Mr. Frye, is a
member of the Committee on Pacific
Railroads in that body and is one of the
men relied on by Huntington to make the
light for the funding bill.
"It is a striking circumstance that the
funding bill supporters in both houses are
thus related to other important matters of
legislation in which the Southern Pacific
combination is interested. Of course, an
adverse report of the Committee on Inter
state and Foreign Commerce in the House
or of the Committee on Commerce in the
Senate in the Nicaragua Canal proposition
would be practically conclusive. It would
be impossible to overcome such a report.
The same is true of a report from the Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors of the House
or of the Committee on Commerce of the
Senate against an application for improve
ment of any harbor or waterway."
Maguire'a observations coincide with
those of others here who have been watch
ing the maneuvers of Huntington and his
lobbyists. The Call correspondent, dur
ing the last Congress, secured a copy of a
telegram which Huntingdon s-cnt to Frye,
opposing an appropriation for a deep har
bor at San Pedro and favoring Santa Mon
ica, where the Southern Pacific has built
wharves.
Senator Jones of Nevada, who, as is
well known in California, has large landed
interests at Santa Monica, was in com
munication with Huntington. Frye and
Jones were both members of the Com
merce Committee, which has bucq pro
jects to report upon, and boili Joues and
Frye were active on the floor of the Sen
ate, milling wires for Santa Monica. Jones
proposed a resolution to send the Commit
tee on Comfherce on a junket to the Pacitic
Coast, and proposed to entertain them at
his Santa Monica ranch. The res-olution
passed, but several members of the com
mittee refused to go, evidently fearing
that a scandal might be attached to their
tup.
Huntington is again working to secure
an appropriation for Santa Monica. His
agent here, John Bovd, has filed with the
Commerce Committee a report of Southern
Pacific Engineer Hood in which he en
deavors to show that Santa Monica is
much better adapted for a. deep harbor
than Sin Pedro. This is an attempt to
counteract the effect of reports made by
two different boards of United States en
gineers in favor of tan Pedro as against
bant* Monica.
The Call correspondent has entrusted
to Maguire evidence tending to show th.it
Huntington, through his Rgenta here, has
brought questionable influence to bear
upon land officials of the Government to
expedite railroad patents. His agents here
have used money to influence subordinates
employed in land ofiice-<. One of the par
ties, who was not paid what he was prom
ised, is willing to offer testimony when the
time comes, which will place Mr. Hunting
ton's men in very bad light.
A resolution will probably be introduced
in Congress calling for an investigation and
directing the Attorney-General to bring a
suit to set aside patents secured by roch
means. The Tail correspondent has in
his possession documents in writing show
ing that, a Land Department clerk made a
proposition t<> the railroad that he would
resign his Government position and accept
money from the railroad to make correc
tions in land selections, which had not
been specified, tract for tract, according to
departmental regulations. This Govern
ment clerk did the work and secured the
assistance of another clerk in the Land
Office by paying him money. They also
paid money to the son of Commissioner
Stone, the former Commissioner of the
Land Office, hoping thereby to secure the
aid of Commissioner Stone himself.
AH?IIKA.L BUXC&a SQUAIiROS.
Much Speculation Concerning Its Future
Sloveinents.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 3.— The de
tention of Admiral Bunce's squadron at
Hampton Roads for the last two weeks,
although it was ready to commence its
cruise promptly on December 21, accord
ing to the programme laid down by Secre
tary Herbert, was at first generally sup
posed to be due to a reluctance on the part
of the administration to permit even the
Implied menace of its presence in the West
Indies during the excitement following the
President's Venezuelan message to Con
gress of December 16. The explanation
was plausible enough to satisfy every one
lor several days. Now even the command
ing officers of the ships forming the fleet
are beginning to be mystified by the pro
longed delay.
Such absence of information about a
squadron's movements is said to be un
precedented in times of peace, and espe
cially when its daily itinerary for the en-
Buing ftve months had been published and
as the wives and other relatives of many
of the officers had made engagements to
meet the vessels at several ports where
they would rendezvous for several days'
stay. There is considerable concern lest
the meetings will be rendered altogether
impossible.
Driven to speculation all sorts of rumors
•re in circulation about the ships accord
ing to letters received here, and the latest
of these, which is not wholly without be
lievers even in the Navy Department,
proceeds on the assumption that Admiral
Bunce has sealed orders which may at any
moment send him with his entire fleet to
the Bosphorus.
Even the more conservative officers are
disposed to attach some credence to the
idea, modifying it, however, to the opinion
that Gibraltar or the Azores may be the
lirst stopping place of the squadron after
leaving the Chesapeake, instead of St.
Thomas, West Indies. There are a num
ber of significant facts which, grouped to
gether, seem to give probability to the
rumor.
Admiral Selfridge and Minister Terrell
have been sending a good many cable
grams to Washington in the last three
weeks and the State and Navy depart
ments have spared no expense in cable
bills biuce early in December.
On December 21 it was announced that
a dispatch of general instructions had been
sent to Admiral Self ridge to furnish all
protection and comfort to such mission
aries as might apply, and almost simul
taneously came the press dispatch from
Turkey that Admiral Selfridge had cabled
the Navy Department that he was unable
to carry out his instructions, whatever
they were, because of insufficient force.
The following day Admiral Bunce came to
Washington and had a long interview
with Secretary Herbert, after which the
Secretary said that the time of the fleet's
departure was indefinite. Some of Ad
miral Bunce's subordinates now think that
Secretary Herbert gave the admiral sealed
instructions at the last interview, which
were only to be opened at sea under agreed
conditions. These conditions, if tlm be
go, would, of course, depend upon further
aMvisss fxyfi. 3&fiister Terrell, ,
STATEHOOD FOR UTAH
Admitted Into the Union
by Proclamation of the
President.
SIGNED WITH STUB PEN.
All the Preliminary Proceedings
Found to Have Been Legally
Taken.
NEW STAR ADDED TO THE FLAG.
A General Holiday Granted and
Officers Will Be Inaugurated
at Once.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.— Utah
was admitted to the sisterhood of States
at 10:.')0 o'clock this morning, when Presi
dent Cleveland signed a proclamation to
that effect^ Tnere was no ceremony about
the matter.
Mr. Cleveland and Private Secretary
HEBER M. WELLS, GOVERNOR - ELECT OF UTAH.
[Reproduced from a piiotngra})h.}
Thurber were alone in the President'^
office at the time and the signing was done
with a steel stub pen affixed to a wooden
penholder. The pen and penholder were
presented to Governor AVest of Ltan, who
came to the White House about the time
the proclamation was signed.
The proclamation is couched in the usual
formal language of such documents, and
divested of its verbiage, merely certifies to
the legality of the constitutional conven
tion and its acts under authority of the
act of Congress of July 16, 1894, and de
clares that the terms and conditions pre
scribed by Congress having been complied
with, the creation of the State and its ad
mission into the Union on an equal foot
ing with the original States is now accom
plished-.
ESTHTJHIASM IS VTAH.
The Good Sew* ('mines Much Henem! Jle-
Jiichtij.
SALT LAKE, Utah, Jan. 4.— The news
received this morning that President
Cleveland had signed the State proclama
tion for Utah was the occasion of great
demonstrations of joy. Public buildings
and places of business are decorated and
flags and bunting iloat in the breeze every
where. Governor West was the recipient
of numerous congratulatory telegrams
from every quarter of the Nation.
The day was observed as a partial holi
day, and the people smilea and congratu
lated each other as happy as children with
a new toy. Cannons were fired, bells rung
and whistles blown for hours, and similar
demonstrations were made in every town
and village in the State.
On Monday the new State officers will be
inaugurated, arid the Governor has pro
claimed a general holiday. There will be
military displays, children's parade, patri
otic orations, an inaugural address by the
Governor and other exercises, closing with
a grand ball and fireworks in the evening.
The State Legislature is called to meet
in special session and will convene at 2
p. m. on Monday.
The Senatorial fight is growing warmer
daily. Arthur Brown's prospects are im
proving, and C. S. Varian's stock has also
advanced the past few days. A new can
didate, and one who will be quite a factor,
is Philo Farnsworth. Ex-Congreasman
Frank Cannon is generally considered out
of the race, it being conceded that he will
give place to his father, George Q. Can
non, who. without doubt, wants the office,
and anything that George Q. Cannon
wants in Utah he generally gpts. The
other strongest man in the race is Colonel
Isaac Trumbo, who, in addition to a good
share of the Gentile support, has, it is
understood, the support of the leading
Mormon Church officials, including that of
George Q. Cannon, who thinks Trumbo
wonld be a fitting colleague for himself in
the Senate.
MEPUBLICAXS WILL CONTROL.
The People of Utah Are Believer* in Pro
lection.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 4.— The new
Congressman from Utah, Clarence E. Al
len, who arrived in town a day or two ago,
said to-day:
"Utah's representation in the United
Staies Senate will be evenly divided be
tween gentiles and Mormons. One Sena
tor will be given to each faction, both of
which have been struggling to control the
politics of Salt Lake region.
"The new State will be Republican for
many years to come because the people be
lieve in protection. They are especially
favorable to duties on lead and wool, the
principal industries of the section.
"Statehood is universally hailed as a
J>qou because the people look forward to a
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896
rapid growth of the State, which has been
retarded by the Territorial environments. 1 '
jpxojrxcxizjsa J-'OJt warships.
The Contract Hade With Two Pennsyl
vania Firms.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 4.— The
contract for furnishing projectiles for the
new warships mentioned in dispatches re
cently as about to be arranged with the
Sterling Company ot McKeesport, Pa.,
and the Carpenter Projectile Company,
another Pennsylvania firm, was finally
concluded. The amount allotted for the
purchase is equally divided between the
two concerns. The contracts call for 13
--inch and 8-inch armor-piercing shells for
the battle-ships Kearsarge and Kentucky,
8-inch shells for the armored cruiser
Brooklyn and 12-inch shells for the coast
defense vessel Puritan.
The Battle-Ship Texas.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.— The
battle-ship Texas has arrived at Norfolk,
where she will be examined by a board of
survey to ascertain her condition and
report on the extent and cost of the neces
sary repairs to put her in good condition
for service. The Texas will then be placed
out of commission, her officers and crew
assigned to other vessels and the repairs
begun.
Assistant Superintendent.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 4.—Post
master-General Wilson to-day appointed
L. T. Myers of Richmond, Va., Assistant
General Superintendent of the Railway
Mail Service. This office has been vacant
for over a year and a half.
Jleduced. Appropriations.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4. - The
sub-committee of the House Appropriation
Committee having in charge the prepara-
I tion of the pension appropriation bill has
tinisned its labors on the measure and will
1 iy the bill before the full committee on
Wednesday next. The committee reduced
the appropriation for the next fiscal year
, $2,000,000 below the Commissioner's esu
: mate, which is $140,u00,01H>.
PERISHED IN THE SMOKE
Two Persons Met Death and
Four Were Injured Dur
ing a Fire.
Miraculous Escape of Twenty Men
and Six Children From the
Flames.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., Jan. 4. -A fire
which swept through a combined store,
hall and tenement four-story brick struct
ure at the corner of Third and Gaskiil
3treets this afternoon resulted in the death
of two men and the serious injury of four
others, all Polish Jews. The escape of at
least twenty men and six children, all of
whom were penned in by the flames, was
little short of miraculous. The money loss
is about $5000.
The dead : Harris Levi, aged 45 years,
suffocated; Marks Feinberg, aeed 30 years,
spine fractured and internally injured,
died at the hospital.
The injured ar«: Jacob Venisky, aged 22
years; Lewis Veirkman, *ged 38 years;
David Kolinsky, aged 38; Bernard Baibin
sky, aged 23.
The fire is supposed to have been started
by a lighted match being thrown care
lessly into the cellar by an unknown per
son and which landed among some oil
barrels. In an instant the cellar was a
mass of flames and the tire quickly spread.
A score of tailors had been holding a
meeting on the third floor, and when the
building became enveloped in flames the
men made a wild rush to escape by the
stairway. The smoke forced them "back
and then they ran to the windows.
One of the number jumped from a window
and crashed through a canvas awning.
He landed on the sidewalk but little hurt.
This actuated a dozen others to jump, the
awning also breaking their fall.
By this time the awning was torn so
badly that it offered but little resistance to
the jumpers, and when Jacob Veniaky
plunged downward, head first, he want
through the canvass and struck on the
sidewalK with terrific force. Levi remained
in the center window screaming for help
and apparently afraid to jump. Suddenly
he fell back into the building ana was suf
focated. Feinberg went to a rear room
and hung from a window-sill, begging the
crowd to save him. The crowd tried to
build a pyramid of barrels, but the heat
caused the man to release his hold and he
fell, striking the back of his neck on a bar
rel. The force of the fall wedged his body
in a barrel, and he was breathing his last
when released.
Jennie Sellers, aged 16 years, saved the
life of herself and her five brothers and
sisters by going to the roof and dropping
them to the roofs of adjoining buildings,
ttie children finally reaching the ground.
Eugene Field's JEstate.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 4.— The estate of
the late Eugene Field was brought into
the Probate Court to-day on a petition of
the widow for letters of administration.
The estate is valued at $25,000, all in per
sonal property. Besides this there is the
poet's home, valued at from $10,000 to
$20,000, which he had conveyed to his wife
some time before his death.
Corset- Makers Assign.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 4.-H. &».
Strauss, manufacturers of corsets, assigned
to-day. Liabilities $200,000, and nominal
assets $250,000.
ENRAGED AT WILLIAM
Englishmen Aroused Over
the Defeat in the
Transvaal.
THE EMPEROU INSOLENT.
Thai Is How the Congratulation
to Krueger Is Regarded
in Great Britain.
OTHER DISPUTES CAST ASIDE
Now There Are Converts to the Plan
of Arbitrating the Venezue
lan Controversy.
Copyright, 1896. hy the New York Times.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 4.— Since England
breathlessly followed the bloody progress
of the British relief expedition up the
Nile toward Khartoum, eleven years ago,
I have witnessed no such universal popu
lar excitement as has reigned in London
in these opening days of the new year.
No matter how deeply opinions may dif
fer on the rights and wrongs of the Trans
vaal business,|there is no doubt that every
body high and low is profoundly stirred
up about it. It would be an easy enough
matter to satirize the English attitude
toward this extraordinary and probably
momentous catastrophe and to give an air
of epigram to numerous commonplaces
about English greed, pertidy and the rest
in which the whole Continental press is
reveling delightedly. But that would be
to beg entirely the true character of the
episode. What is really to be seen in it is
a strange survival of the original processes
by which the British empire was created,
suddenly revealed and expounded to peo
ple five generations removed from the
knowledge of them by the magical opera
tion of modern electrical science. If Eng
land 140 years ago could have followed
Lord Clive with a telegraph wire British
India would have never existed.
Englishmen now, while they curse the
inexplicable block in the communications
which kept thtun for forty-eight hours
without news from Johannesburg, dimly
understand that they are witnessing some
thing to which they are ancestrally related,
but which they thought had been dead
and buried for a century or so. Their
judgment commands that they should dis
approve it sternly, but all the inherited
impulses of their blood impel them to
cheer and wave their hats. It is a genuine
conflict between their respectable modern
civilization and the old Berserker island
instincts in their veins. If they were left
alone there would be no doubt as to the
result of the struggle. The nineteenth
century would win, and in their calmer
mood they would see to it, as in 1880, that
the Boers had scrupulous justice dealt to
them.
But unhappily the German Emperor,
who is too much of an Englishman to
mind his own business and too much ol
a Prussian to understand what tact means,
leaps into the middle of this perplexing
situation with drawn sword and infuriates
everybody.
Yesterday sfven-eighths of thinking
England were against Cecil Rhodes and
his South African dummy company, and
were glad to hear that Dr. Jameson and his
filibusters had been soundly whipped by
the Boers, but last evening when the
terms of the German Emperor's insolent
dispatch reached London this mood began
to change as the newspapers could spread
the news. To-day, while nobody has
altered his mind specifically about l>r.
Jameson's part of the affair, nobody
speaks or thinks of Germany's interference
without an angry glisten in the eye.
Every aspect of this imperial message,
upon examination, reveals a fresh ground
for wratii.
If it were intended to enrage England
on as many sides as possible, it is a
triumph of ingenuity. Its rejoicing that
English blood has been spilled, its refer
ence to friendly powers which would have
intervened if President Krugcr had asked
them, its c*lm denial of England's
suzerain treaty rights, the fact that it was
sent alter an imperial council at the
Foreign Office, in which naval members
ostentatiously predominated — all these
give to it the character of a deliberate, in
tentional affront. No living Englishman
remembers any such other premeditated
slap in the face. What counsels second
thought may bring it is impossible to say,
but England to-night wants to fight Ger
many more passionately than she has de
sired anything else since the time of the
Georges.
To this violent climax has come then all
the last years of anxious and gingerly in
triguing for alliances in the troubled Con
tinental diplomacy. A year ago the Prince
of Wales thought that he had fastened
such hooks into his nephew, the young
and timid Czar, that nothing could shake
England's grip. He came back from St.
Petersburg elated by this belief and took
no pains to dissemble the presence in his
elation of the thought that he had out
witted that other nephew of his in Berlin,
that insufferable nephaw who read him
lectures on how princes should behave, but
he smiled too soon. Germany on the in
stant made overtures to France and
proposed a partnership with Russia as a
third in Chinese waters, which should shut
England out. Then she egged Russia and
France on to make Lord Rosebery's
Armenian intervention an empty sham.
Then when Lord Salisbury came into
power and rinding these two powers
hostile worked to get the triple alliance
also identified with intervention, Germany
took him at his word, came into the
European concert and made it immediately
an anti-English concert. To-day the or
ganization of Europe against England is
practically complete.
Even Italy, despite all its natural lean
ings, has been forced into the significant
step of intrusting the protection of the
Italians in the Transvaal to the German
Consul. These foreign considerations,
however, though recognized as weighty,
are subordinated in the public mind to
wonder at what the next step will be in
the battle royal between Joseph Chamber
lain and Cecil Rhodes.
As I pointed out at the time, Chamber
lain took the Colonial Office largely with
the view of trying a fall with this power
ful person, and in the first round of the
wrestle he has scored an extraordinary
victory, but it is a sort of triumph which
seems more embarrassing than flat
defeat.
k Fresiaent Krucger'a part iv tke buaiucs^.
has been one of uncanny cunning. Ever
since November the gathering of the Brit
ish South Africa Company's forces on the
frontier for a raid on the Transvaal has
been perfectly known at Pretoria, and
Krueger has helped it on by circulating
reports that General Joubertwas in Natal
on a holiday and that there was not a sin
gle Boer undei arms anywhere on the
Veldt. ,
This false news impelled the Johannes
burg crowd to give Jame-on the signal for
a forward rush. They promised to have
the Boers subjugated and the town in his
hands by the time he arrived. Then mys
teriously 2000 Boers rose up in Jameson's
path while a similar force appeared to ter
rorize the cowardly Johannesburg mob,
with the results that Jameson, Wilioughby,
White and all the officials of her ilaiesty
are in a Boer prison, and the flower of the
Rhodes mounted police is dead or in
chains. There is loud talk here of the
necessity of proving that Rhodes knew
what was going on. It may occur later to
somebody to inquire whether Chamberlain
also had not some premonition that when
Jameson made his break the Boers would
be there to meet it.
No one will be surprised to learn that
this flood of fiery excitement ha 3 clean
swept the Venezuelan affair out of public
consciousness. Just as Washington
roughly pushed Constantinople aside as
the center of British interest, so it is in
turn wholly obscured by Pretoria.
Ido not know that this is wholly a mis
fortune, because the sort of information
that Englishmen have been getting from
America did not serve as a basis for any
specially luminous meditation. But it is at
least to be regretted that national pre
occupation in Transvaal matters prevents
Henry Norman's admirable dispatches
from getting the attention tnat they de
serve. His complete, carefully fortified ex
position of the strictly abstract character
of the Scnomburg line has been received
here quite as a revelation. But far more
important, I conceive to be, is his success
in convincing some section of the English
public that the American people as a whole
feel deeply on this whole subject and stand
firm in support of the principle involved.
As I said a week ago, the most aggra
vating, mischievous feature of the entire
business hasbten the practical unanimity
with which the dispatches from New York
sneered at our President, extolled the
timidity of Wall street as an expression of
the best elements of our civilization and
reiterated tirelessly the suggestion that the
whole agitation was deliberately started by
knavish politicians and kept alive only by
the ignorant jingo rabble.
Norman's dispatches come like a burst
of sunshine throughout a fog to dispel this
dangerous, almost criminal delusion. The
effect would, as I have said, have been
vastly greater if everybody were not think
ing of something; but even as it is, you
find the Times to-day for the first time
cautiously admitting that a reopening of
the case, and an arbitration on some such
new basis as that proposed by Carl Schurz
are not wholly impossible. This marks a
notable change in what niay be called
England's official attitude.
Mention ought to be made too of a re
markably wise a:ul intelligent letter in the
Timeafrom Amyas Northcott of Chicago,
a young man who is evidently not a sev
enth son for nothing. It is by far the most
sensible message that any Englishman
among us has yet delivered to his coun
trymen at home, and I should think that
it also had its effect on the Times. At all
events English public opinion has been
fairly started on a new and helpful task.
And there are enough reasons for believing
that official action will be found following
along after it.
The chances that this American compli
cation and others in various parts of the
world will give rise to interesting party
debates and divisions when Parliament
meets next month have been somewhat
ieopardizod by Lord Rosebery's surpris
ingly insincere attackson Lord Salisbury's
conduct of the Armenian business. His
own party papers condemn them, and to
the general public they seem quite outside
the limits of recognized political contro
versy. This is a pity, because Salisbury
and Chamberlain, by calling no Cabinet
council since November, have undoubt
edly invited criticism as taking too much
on themselves through a period of such
difficulty and menace. Very likely this
criticism will find sober, weighty spokes
men in the House of Commons, but Lord
Rosebery's spiteful ineptitude has already
discounted its force with the community
at large.
In the crush and friction of larger events
little attention has been given to the fact
that Hungary is celebrating this year the
thousandth anniversary of the Magyar
conquest and settlement of Pannonia.
The Hungarians themselves began the
festival Wednesday and arc to keep it up
all the year, but the outside world's inter
est is claimed fdr the great exhibition to
be opened shortly at Budapest, which
will be unique in kind and more like a
national monument than a commercial
show. It would be impossible to exagger
ate the earnestness with which the whole
Magyar race have thrown themselves into
making of this exhibition a thing never to
be forgotten, and literally scores of thou
sand of adult Hungarians are working
tbis winter to learn foreign languages,
particularly English, in order to be able to
welcome and entertain the huge con
course of visitors that they fondly ex
pect. Their concentration on this one
idea is curiously shown by the Buda
pest press, which usually makes a
specialty of discussing foreign politics
with utmost freedom and vigor, but now
for months has been as dumb as an oyster
as if in dread to contribute a single hasty
word toward any misunderstanding which
might make mid-Europe available for
tourist traffic next summer.
With New Year's day the law went into
effect here, giving to magistrates sum
mary jurisdiction to grant sepaiation
orders to married women who have fled
from the home of a brutal nusband, with
the result that an inundation of complain
ing wives has quite swamped other busi
ness in the Police courts for the last two
days. The magistrates are already dis
mayed at the tast of winnowing wheat
from chaff in this swarm of appeals, and
are crying out against the imperfections in
the law, which really serves few of the
purposes that it aimed to do. The drunk
enness of wives among the London poor is
even a greater evil, so far as home is con
cerned, than the violence of husbands, but
this is left untouched, and it is evident
that the whole subject will have to be
dealt with in a new law.
In the Royal Academy winter exhibition
of the old masters, which were on private
view to-day, much comment is aroused by
the fact that an exceptional place of honor
has been given to a portrait of George
Washington by Gilbert Stuart, lent by
Lord Rosebery, which fairly dominates the
room.
Trinity House officials are holding an in
quiry to-day at Portsmouth on the conduct
cf the British pilot who ran the Spree on
Warden Ledge, inside the Needles. Tlie
vessel itself has completely recovered and
sailed for Bremen this morning.
, Hauold Fkedekio.
JOY OF THE GERMANS.
Emperor William's Message
to Krueger Arouses
Enthusiasm.
HOSTILITY TO ENGLAND.
An Explanation Demanded of the
Bold Invasion of the
Transvaal.
MUST CEASE INTERFERENCE.
Otherwise Great Britain Will Become
Involved in a Collision With
the Fatherland.
BERLIN, Germany. Jan. 4.— The Em
peror's act in sending a message to Presi
dent Krueger of the South African Repub
lic, congratulating him upon the victory
of the Boers over the armed forces led into
the Transvaal by Dr. Jameson, adminis
trator of the British South Africa Com
pany, is hailed with enthusiasm th rough
out Germany, and will add greatly to his
Majesty's popularity, as being a true in
terpretation of the intensity of German
public hostility toward Great Britain.
The message of the Emperor could not
have been a very great surprise to the Eng
lish Government, as tome days prior to
the publication of the message the Em
peror instructed Count yon Hatzfcldt, the
German Emoassador to Great Britain, to
inform Lord Salisbury, with the utmost
frankness, that it was the firm determina
tion of Germany not to allow the Govern
ment of the South African Republic to be
overthrown.
At the same time Count yon Ilatafeldt
was instructed to demand an explanation
of the movements of the authorities of the
British South Africa Company. These
representations were immediately an
swered by the British Foreign Office. The
first replies made by Lord Salisbury were
deemed unsatisfactory ; so much so, in
deed, ttiat the relations of the two Govern
ments on "Wednesday became so strained
as to be on the point of absolute rupture.
The consequence was that a diplomatic
surrender on the part of Lord Salisbury
was the only thing that averted the gravest
climax. Even now, although the situation
is modified, it is not devoid of danger, and
the summaries of the comments of the
English press upon the Emperor's inter
ference in the Transvaal affair which are
published here serve to heighten the popu
lar anger against England, while the anti-
English feeling pervades all classes of the
German press. Every political party and
group, the Socialists included, sides with
the Boers and denounces ihe aggresion of
England.
The North German Gazette quotes with
expressions of approval the declaration of
tbe Cologne Gazette that the Transvaal
republic is an absolutely independent
state, and the Deutsche Tages-Zeitung
says that not only the road to Constanti
nople but also tbe road to Johannesburg
lies through Berlin. Several newspapers
with Government affiliations and inspira
tions concur in these expressions, and add
that the alliance between Russia and
France has been enlarged by the accession
of the Triple Alliance to a concert of Euro
pean powers with anti-English aims. A
number of papers are exulting in the iso
lation of England and predict that her
lonely situation will become an important
factor in the settlement of the Venezuelan
difficulty.
The youth, the brawn and sinew of Ger
many are moved to offer active assistance
to the Boers, while their elders are in
spired to tender moral and financial aid.
Dr. Carl Peters, the explorer, was charged
by the Deutsche Colonial Gesellschaft yes
terday to send a cablegram to President
Krueger of the Boer republic, expressing
the sympathy of the society with him and
his cause and promising active and mate
rial support. A private syndicate has
placed at the disposal of Dr. Peters the
sum of 300,000 marks for the purpose of
organizing a corps of volunteers to go to
the Transvaal, and simiiar offers have
been plentiful. Among other offers is
that of a number of young Americans
studying in Germany, who have expressed
their readiness to accept a chance to right
the British if a conflict in South Africa is
continued.
Trie sum of the position is that Great
Britain must withdraw her pretensions to
a right to interfere in the Transvaal and
pnnist) the leaders of the British South
Africa Company who are responsible for
the invasion of the Boer territory, or she
will inevitably become involved in a col
lision with Germany. A formal German
protectorate over the South African Repub
lic is not designed, but the Government of
Germany will support the Transvaal Re
public in declaring the convention of 1884
void, thus enabling the Boers to obtain
their full independence of Great Britain.
Virtually England's claim to suzerainty
over the Transvaal must in all respects, be
abolished. If the South African Republic
shall ask a reference of the matters in dis
pute between itself and England, the ques
tion will be referred to the European
powers which are interested in Africa, and
Germany will support such a conference.
France can be relied upon to take part,
and if a conference is had it will greatly
disappoint German expectation if the dis
cussion of the questions involved does not
result in recognition of the independence
not only of the Transvaal, but of the Orange
Free State as well.
It is not denied here that reform in the
administration of the internal affairs of
the South African Republic is advisable.but
these must be obtained without the appli
cation of foreign pressure, British or any
other, as strictly questions for internal set
tlement. Little or no sympathy is be
stowed upon Dr. Jameson, and Mr. Cham
More
Curative power is contained in Hood's Sar-
sapariila than in any other. It costs the
manufacturers and dealers more. It is
worth more to the consumer. It cures
r more diseases, because
Sarsapariila
Is the One True Blood Purifier. $1 ; six for $5.
Hood's Pill<s cure habitual constii a-
L.HUUU S rillS» uon . ri cc 25 ceuts. 1 ,
berlain's appeal to President Krueger to
deal generously with the British South
African prisoners is derided by the
German press, which declare that a sum
mary trial by court-martial, followed by
the prompt execution of the leaders of the
raid, commends itself to German opinion
as the proper mode of procedure in their
case. A strict application of the law in
volving the sacrifice of the lives of the
rank and file of the prisoners would not
meet approval here, but it is the general
opinion that an example ought to be made
of the leaders.
It has transpired thai the Emperor has
had a serious quarrel with Prince Fred
erick Leopold of Prussia, the husband of
Princess Louise Sophie of Schleswig-
Holstein, sister of the Empress, over the
recent accident to the Princess while
skating near Glenicke Castle, Potsdam,
when the Princess and one of the ladies of
the court, Baroness Comar, broke through
the ice and came very near drowning. It
appears that the Emperor upbraided the
Prince for the indifference of his treat
ment of his wife and the Prince used some
pretty rough words in replying to the
Kaiser's rebuke. The Emperor thereupon
ulaced him under arrest for fourteen days,
with confinement in a room in his castle
for that length of time. The Kaiser im
mediately telegraphed for a detachment of
the First Guards to be sent from Potsdam
to Glenicke Castle to guard the Princt,
and he has since been confined there, not
being permitted to leave his chamber upon
any pretext.
The prospects of an amicable settlement
of the question affecting American insur
ance companies are improving. Baron
yon der liorst, the Prussian Minister of
the Interior, is conducting negotiations in
a most friendly spirit, which leads to the
expectations that an agreement will be
reached for a modification of the laws now
operating against the American insurance
companies.
The Berlin Handels-Zeitung devotes con
siderable space to the publication of com
plaints of the increasing ditliculties and
vexatious treatment which beset importers
of German goods in New York. The paper
says that the American consular authori
ties admit that the treatment shown to
these importers is in retaliation for
measures adopted by Germany which are
impeding imports from New York into
Germany. — ______
JOISPUTHS AMOXG JjEADKRH.
Causing Srparate Raids Upon the Italian
Forces.
ROME. Italy, Jan. 4.— Advices re
ceived by theGovercment from Abyssinia
state that the commander of the Italian
troops at Makalle has informed General
Baratieri, commanding the Italian forces
operating in Abyssinia, that disputes
among the leaders of the natives are caus
ing separate raids to be made upon tbe
Italians. The rumor that King Menelek,
with his forces, had begun an advance is
denied. The Abyssinian army is »iill at
Dolo.
— 4
A. Xenro Kniyhted.
LONDON, Exo., Jan. 4.— Among the
New Year honors conferred by the Queen
was the bestowal of knighthood on Mayor
Lewis of Freetown, the capital of Sierra
Leone. Mayor Lewis is a pure-blood negro.
This is the first time that the honor of
knighthood has been bestowed on one of
his race.
NEW TO-DAY.
d^untTothers"
as YOU WOULD
have others
DO unto YOU.
"We mark our prices in plain figures.
"We retail at wholesale prices.
We sell nothing but pure wool clothing.
We give samples freeiy prior to pur-
chasing.
We do not allow a garment to leave the
house unless a perfect fit.
SLITS TO ORDER, $10 to $20.
PANTS TO ORDER, $8 to $6.
Be Sure and Reach tbe Big Store With
Three Front Entrances, Directly
Opposite Saosome Street.
COLUMBIAN
WOOLEN
MILLS,
54 J MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO,
Wholesale Tailors and Clothing Mfrs.
DO NOT BE DECEIVED BY FIRMS USINd
A NAME SIMILAR TO OURS.
ONLY BRANCH HOUSE-211 Montgomery St.
This price for shoei that
m sell at $5 in high-rent stores
Igl is not for joblots or odd
lij sizes, but for a good assort-
JSL ment of shapes, eizea and
/£fp\ all the late toe-styles.
j|||pSULLl=
lUi VAN'S
(|||||i|| "SHOES THAT WEAR"
j^iP^l 18-22 Fourth st.
fiiitelil 'Phone Black 1121.
YilSsliii At tbe same price we sell
X&az&aMl our LABRADOR Seal
VSB WE Cork-sole Shoe, absolutely
Vflg!aW waterproof, and whose
Y^H? equal costs $5 to $f5 on Mar-
yXfy ket or Kearny.
\Sr Get our big' catalogue.
■
MEN'S
FINEST CALF
DRESS SHOES.
BROSHEs£s^
brewers, bookblndere, candy.makeis c*£nlJi
ijtn, flourmllls, foundricß, laundries 552
h»ngrr», primers, palmers, shoe factories. £2mZ
Men. tM-roofen, tannen, t»Uor«, etcT bI *
fcrush Manufacture^ Qolljuframaivtftafc.CRUSHED IN A MINE
First Serious Disaster in
the Cripple Creek
District.
' ' i
TEN MEN IMPRISONED. {
;
I
Little Doubt That They Were |
Killed by the Constantly
Caving Rock.
TWO CAUGHT IN THE CAGE.
j
All Attempts to Rescue the Unfortu
nates Resulted in Complete
Failure.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., Jan. 4.—
: : trict has been ex
ceptionally free from serious mine acr:
but its reputation in this n
SCENES IN AND ABOUT THE ICE PALACE OF THE WINTER FESTIVAL AT TRUCKEE.
Frcm c. sketch made on the spot yesterday by a. "Gall" siaff artist.
received a serious setback to-day by a
cave-in in the Anna Lee mine at Victor,
belonging to the Portland company.
The latest reports place the number of
men who arp buried under thousands of
tonf of rock at ten.
The Anna Lei mine is located near the
■ Mountain and is one of
the : ■ ■ mines in the State.
I;? working >ha:;. \ hich is down fJOO feet,
]- tin deepest i.: . The shaft is a
double compartment one and vertical,
irom which levels iir-- driven every iifty
to cut the immense ore chimney
which lies forne distance from the shaft
and has an incline of • ,-n degrees.
Ten men, including General Manager
John Harnan and Assistant Superintend
ent Shelden, were caught in the cave-in,
and at this time there does not seem to be
the possibility that any have
cd. \Ye!l-posted miners fay that it
will be a miracle if any are alive.
The excitement at Victor i- intense and
large crowds • >f friends and relatives of the
imprisoned men have surrounded the shaft
house ail <iay, 1 - o i > i 11 g against hope.
The accident occurred at 9:30 this morn
ing. President James Burn? of Colorado
_-s had been down in the mine on a
tour of inspection and had just been
hoisted to the surface, when Assistant Su
perintendent Sheldf-!:, accompanied by a
miner, entered the cage and were being
-d. They had descended about 2tO
feel when the engineer in charge of the
machinery received a signal to
draw up the cage rapidly.
The signal came too late; the great masses
of rock had begun to settle, crusnins the
md its occupants. Eight men were
working in the bottom of the shaft driving
■ tward the ore. chimney, and these
o have been crushed to death.
ue gangs were immediately put to
work from three different direction?, and
ver a miner can be used to advantage
i work. One party of rescuers
are driving a drift from the third lev: of
on mine, and at 8 p. m. it was
Lbey were still fifteen feet from
the ■ oint in the Anna Lee shaft, where
the cage v,as supposed to have been caught
by (he cave in.
Ti.e upper workings of tne Anna Lee ''
mine are admitted by the Portland officials
to have been in a very dangerous con- j
dition, but the company had already I
igtben the supports.
The unsafe- cooditfoa of the mine was;
I by it-, former owners gutting the
entire ore chute, leaving the chambers so!
-t impossible to tun- ■
ber then, properly.
The numes of the imprisoned men, as
(learned, are: General Jfanaaer John
Harnan, Assistant Superintendent Bhel
dt-n and George Harnan, a nephew of Gen-
eral Manager Harnan, W. £. Lane, fore
man, James Hancock, Patrick May, Joe
Dunsmore, Frank McQuirk and Jack
Maloy.
The rescue gang which has been driving
tlio Scranton level to reach the Anna Lee
shaft cut that shaft at 11 :30 to-night, but
did not Bnd the cage and men, which is
i now believed to be higher up in the shaft.
i Tbe Anna Lee shaft is filled with rock.
Surface indications to-night are that cave
| ins are still taking place in the vacant ore
i chamber.", and this shatter? the last hope
that was had that some of the men might
be stilJ alive and rescued.
The Portland Gold Mining Company is
an lowa corporation and its principal oilice
is at Council Bluffs.
TUAXUFACTTJIIEItS TO MEET.
Ten Thousand Invitations to Attend the
Convr>ttin7i.
CHICAGO, 111-, Jan. 4.— The National
'■ convention of manufacturers, which
was successfully organized in January
last, will hold it- first annual convention
j here this month. The date was lixed for
: a month aeo, but it was decided to post
pour the 'meeting so as to make the oc
casion an anniversary affair. A large
il committee will take care of the con
vention. Ten thousand invitations to
prominent manufacturers of the country
have beer, issued to be present on that oc
-1 casion and take counsel. It is the aim of
t he association to give this movement the
lest possible trend, to secure the full
! clearest expressions of the whole
of the manufacturing interests of the
country, and to establish permanent
apencies to be actively and continuously
engaged in promoting the oojects of the
association.
A special train run by the Manufactur
. uh of Philadelphia, which will carry
300 or -100 members of that club, and a
special from New York and Boston, carry
ing the Now York and New England con
tingents, sliow the interest taken in the
convention at the commercial centers.
The combined capital represented in the
convention would pay the National debt
several times over.
Among the delegates of prominence who
will attend will be Warner Miller, John B.
Kirk, Colonel A. Pope and Peter E. Stude
haker, the latter being a vice-president of
the association.
NINE HUNDRED KILLED
Terrible Massacre of Armenians
by the Fiendish Kurdish
Raiders.
One Account of the Latest Outrage
Says There Were Two Thou
sand Victims.
LONDON, Exn., Jan. 4.— The corre
spondent of the United Press at Constan
tinople telegraphs under date of January
•i that a terrible massacre has taken place
at Biridjik, near Aintab, in Asia Minor.
Ihe official report of the occurrence states
0 people were killed.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, Jan. 4.—
It is believed here that the massacre at
Biridjik was committed by the Kurds of
the Hamdieh cavalry. The recent mas
sacre at Orfah was a terrible affair. The
Constantinople reports admit that 900
persons were killed, but other accounts
say 2000 were slaughtered.
JIoSTON, Mass., Jan. 4.— Beridjik, where
the latest massacre is reported to have
occurred, is an outstation of Aintab, a sta
tion of the American Board in Central
Turkey. There is one ordained native
preacher and one native teacher and one
place for stated preaching. The average
congregation was eighty-five, with 160 ad
herents, fifty-two church members and two
received on confession during the year.
There are two common schools, with forty
pupils.
/'<!•'" (iii the GlengotvAn.
LONDON, E.\o., J;in. 4.— The new Brit
ish sliip Glengowan, Captain Dougherty,
from v Swan sea, October 15, for San Fran
cisco, arrived at the Falkland Islands De
cember 17, havi&g been gutted by fire.
She was scuttled and will probably prove
a total wreck. He crew was saved.
THE SAN FRATS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
TRUCKEE'S CARNIVAL
Formal Inauguration of the
Ice King's Season of
Gayety.
SPORTS IN THE SNOW.
With Tobogganing, Skating and
Sleighing Visitors Are
Kept Busy.
GUESTS HOSPITABLY TREATED.
The Mountain Town Furnishes a Menu
of Pleasures for Those Who
Attend.
PALACE OF THE ICE KING,)
CLOSE TO ZERO. V
TRUCKEE, Cal., Jan. 4. )
The carnival was inaugurated to-day,
but not auspiciously. There is disappoint-
; ment over the railroad company's delay
i in co-operating, and while there are many
; people and plenty of fun in town the car
nival is practically postponed until early
next week. Truckee is so situated that it
can do nothing without the railroad, and
, the railroad managers have studied their
own convenience in taking advantage of
the transportation opportunities t;>at have
been afforded by the enterprise of the
; Truckee men. The railroad may make as
much money one time as another out of
■ the carnival, but a delay of a week or ten
j days, when everything is ready, means a
' loss to Truckee.
The mountain town, half-buried in a
foot ot Sierra snow, aroused itself this
morning before the sun shone over the
eastern peaks and the Ice King's palace
became the central object of interest. But
there were no excursionists to come, and
the strangers already here scattered about
in pursuit of the natural winter amuse
ments of Truckee— sleigh riding to Dormer
Lake, skating on the ponds about town
and sliding on the hill that leads down
from the rocking stone at McGlashan's
tower. Tobogganing was the only feature
at the ice palace, for the carnival skaters
were sent to Henry's Pond, an eighth of a
mile away, to permit the company to make
some improvements in the rink.
There were some exciting scenes at the
toboggan slide. A local business man —
James Goggins — concluded to stop at the
middle point of the descent, so he reached
out and grabbed a post at one side. He
says that he will never do that "some
more." The toboggan, at the rear end of
whic Mie had been stationed, shoton with
out hi m. The experimenter landed in the
other chute, plunged down a few feet,
bounded back into the chute that he had
just left and then finished the slide with
out any toboggan. He was not hurt, but
only a Truckee man could have survived
ihe adventure.
A party of drummers "showed off" a
iittle by roctcing their toboggan while go
ing at the rate ot a mile or two a minute,
and it took three natives to dig them out
of a snowbank.
The longest possible slide from the top
I of the chute is an eighth of a mile, no
j two miles, as has been stated in some of
! the papers.
There was no music at the palace to-day.
The electrical display promised for this
evening was deferred until to-morrow
night, and the opening pyrotechnical shov
is reserved for the arrival of the first large
excursion party. A beautiful scene to
night is the illumination of McGlashan's
tower and the torchlight marking of the
roadway, down which the young people
are coasting from the tower to the railroad
line. The toboggan-slide is also illumi
nated, and the suouts of the happy out
door revelers there are henrd. There is a
boniire at Henry's Pond, and the ice is
covered with skaters.
This afternoon the weather was so mild
that there seemed to be danger of a thaw,
as though the Ice King had become dis
pleased wilh the r .ilroad delay and had
resolved to undo his fantastic work. But
not an icicle fell, and the Truckec people
expect that the framework of the palace
will retain its ice until the Ist of May. The
hotel accommodations are good, for a town
of this size and situation, and there is
room for about 400 more persons than are
here now. In addition there are several
lodging-houses, and the citizens are pre
pared to extend hospitality at their homes.
These carnival guests are registered at the
leading hotels.
Truckee House— F. S. Chadbourne, W. W.
Chadbourne, E. C. Chadbourne, F. M. Chad
bourne, Ray Clark, George R. Babcock, San
Francisco; C. A. Thurston, T. R. Tilley, F. B.
Thoah, Sacramento; J. McNamara, J. Munro.
Dutch Flat; P. F. Condi, Oakland; A. Oppeu
heimer, Louis Glass, Miss Frankie Glass, Miss
McDermott, George H. Clark. San Francisco;
A. Woodruff, Wadsworth; F. E. Humphrey,
Suna Valley; Mr. and Mrs. \V. G. Hunt, Mr.
ar.d Mrs. A. G. Hunt, Woodland; Mr. and Mrs.
Clark, A. W. Clark, G. Clark, A. Clark, Stock
ton; George C. Grant, Mrs. MtElroy, A. Mo
Cullough, England; James B. Treadwell, Sac
ramento; Frank M. Gilchrist, Oakland; E. S.
HaFrison, San Francisco; R. R. Rose, Sacra
mento; Miss Danforth, San Francisco; O. I.
Bates, San Rafael; James Henry Sr., Reno;
George \. Wentworth, San Francisco, and D. 11.
Bare, Folsom.
Whitney House— J. W. Merrill, Charles
Cooney, W. E. Jeter, Salt Lake City; C. W.
Reddish, New York; F. 11. Watrous, Sacra
mento; J. R. Smith, San Francisco; J. R. Risis,
I Ogden; E. H. Hamlin Jr., J. Bardonl, Sierra
Valley; Misses Jessie Wing, Jessie Horton,
j Alice Wing, Amber Smith, L. Smith. Sadie
Smith, Nellie Parish, May Patterson, O. Pat
terson, Allie Meeker and Lottie Meeker, Charles
Meeker, Q. Dood, Oscar Peterson, Max Dory,
: Will lJanforth, Will Parker, J. Roes, Herbert
Huntley, James Ward and Charles R. Counter,
Loyalton. Sierra County; Thomas Wright,
I Alta; Miss Gertie Deromer, Blue Canyon;
!A. Rodeer, Shady Jinn; F. W. Pre
j maine, Rock Springs, Wyo.; Fred Dean,
I Sacramento; W. E. Beea Loyalton; Elizabeths.
.Stuffs, Theodora W. Stuffs. Kessie Naomi Dor
land, Ralph S. Slufis, Joseph E. Stuffs, Ella S.
Stuffs, Kuth Gray Stuffs, Reno, Nov.; J. Ken
ney, William Matson, Saa Francisco; A. De
witt, Yercll; F. P. Spear, San Jose; W. D.
Welch, A. Fleming, Sacramento; Charles
Durston. Archie Sacket, Alamedn; John P.
Freeland, S. R. Davis, William Kearns, San
Francisco; George H. Wendling, Hauford; O.
C. Haslett, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. \V. E.
Tyrrell, Berkeley.
Sherritt House— Harry Bishop, Spokane; C.
C. Ashton, Baltimore; J. Kanisnitter, San
Francisco; Ed St. Clair, Louisville; C. W. Bar
rington, San Francisco; R. L. Sutton, St. Louis;
Theodore Muller, Milwaukee; J. H. Wooley,
Portland; \V. M.Storer, Oakland; F. L. Jacques,
Oakland; H. C. Marmon, Indianapolis.
FRESNO'S FRUIT FAIR.
Hundreds of Visitors Admire the Array of
Luscious Products of a Sunny
Land. ,
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 4.— Eipht hundred
people viewed the citrus fair this after
noon, and during the evening the atten
dance was even larger. The display is
much more effective under the electric
lights than in the daytime, and besides in
the evening an excellent musical and
literary programme was rendered. The
managers of the fair have decided to keep
it open until Tuesday night. It wiil he
open to-morrow afternoon, and in the
evening a sacred band concert will be
given.
All exhibits will be passed upon Mon
day afternoon, and the diplomas will be
awarded by a committee consisting of R.
H. McDonald of Portervilie, I. H. Thomas
of Visalia and Superintendent Wyer of
tnis city.
Those who have smiled incredulously at
the representations that have been made
by the citizens of Fresno County concern
ing its adaptabilities for the growing of
citrus fruit have only to visit Armory Hall
and be surprised and convinced. It was
wise in the management to exclude out
siders in the display, as it shuts off any
controversy that could arise in regard to
the products of Fresno County. Every
sample of fruit on exhibition ia the result
of local cultivation and a product of Fres
no County. The citizens of the county
have taken great interest in the success of
the fair, and have vied with each other in
placing the finest yields of their orchards
on exhibition. Members of the Chamber of
Commerce and the One Hundred Thous
and Club, who projected the enterprise,
feel justly proud of the result of their un
dertaking.
The last available space for display was
taken up to-day, five new exhibitors en
tering.
IjeadriUe'a Ice Palace.
LEADYILLE. Colo., Jan. 4.— Ten thou
sand people attended the formal opening
of the Leadville ice palace to-day. A regi
ment appeared in toboggan costumes, and
there were all kinds of sports and festivi
ties. Ten special trains from different
parts of Colorado and Utah brought tne
crowd and made the opening festivities
decidedly brilliant.
sajt JB£!RXA.RIJZirO'S zoss.
County >'u»irf» Tiid Vp in a Collapsed
Xatio nnl Hank.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., Jan. 4.—
When the First National Bank of this city
straided there was supposed to have been
within its vaults $16,000 of the county's
money, and on the Treasurer's books it
has been counted as so much money, when
in reality there was no money there to the
county's credit. During the time the bank
has been in the hands of a receiver County
Treasurer Reeves has been paid between
$4000 and $5000, but this is considered too
little and the county demands that the
balance be placed in the county's vaults at
once so as to balance the Treasurer's books.
Where this money is to come from is
now the question, but the outlook is that
Treasurer .Reeves' bondsmen may be called
upon to make the amount good, as there is
but a small chance of the receiver of the
bank being able to collect the deficit.
Treasurer Reeves is in no way blamed for
the deficiency, as it has always been cus
tomary to divide the county's money
among the treueral city banks, so as to
keep it in circulation.
A Jttetvor been at Sonora.
SONORA, Cal., Jan. 4.— A meteor of
unusual size and beauty passed through
the heavens at 7 o'clock this evening. Its
course was from east to west.
MTiF:, -MEW TO-DAY.
, f^T7~~r^'> nnHE sick man knock-
"iSiifcb^X^ J_ in & a the door of
-*" health gets in if he
'* T^SSj if knocks the right
IKJBn jfJ way, and. stays out
ag^SL' if he doesn't. There
h are thousand of ways
m£JE%g&!L of getting sick.
j>| 15!i33% There is only one
cS^mM vPHii^ wav to S et wel^- Do
Pfl KPT XSrwla whatever you will
'K-Tltlb^S you do not put
1*^33581 your digestion in
lP H y I§B9 good order, and
p liL^ make your blood
1 D - IN| "9 n an^ P ure > y° u
I .— M 1 \ bli will not get welL
I I if 1 Rich, pure blood is
I I I \ \ \ the on^y thing that
— I ill can bring perfect
L .nil health. A large part
1I ll lof all the diseases
-/ — V 1 1 that afflict mankind
tl_ -rfEts^— -W \are traceable directly
.- 1 mW^ a ' <g> to impurities in the
blood, and can be cured -by eliminating
these impurities. That most dreadful of
all diseases, consumption, is a disease of
the blood. The disease shows in the lungs
because of some inherited or acquired weak-
ness there. If the blood were always pure
and without germs, the disease would never
develop and in time weakness itself would
be overcome. Germs and impurities in the
blood float along through the body until
they find a weak spot for lodgement. They
stick there arid develop and people call the
disease by the name of the organ afflicted.
As a matter of fact, the diswise is always a
disease of the blood, and if the blood be
purified, the disease will be cured. That is
a perfectly natural, rational conclusion, en-
dorsed both by common sense and the •
highest medical authority. It is in accord-
ance with these facts that Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery works. The
first thing it does is to put the whole diges-
tive system into perfect order. It stimu-
lates the appetite, excites the copious secre-
tion of the digestive fluids and promotes
assimilation. It searches out disease germs
wherever they may be, kills them and forces
them out of the system. The "Golden
Medical Discovery" has been used with
unvarying success for over 30 years.
If you care to know more about it, and more
about your own body, send 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing only, and you will receive
absolutely free a copy of Dr. Pierces ■ 1008 page
book, Common Sense Medical Adviser. Ad-
dress. World's Dispensary Medical Association,
Ko. 663 Main Street, Buffalo, N. Y. .
NEW TO-DAT.
We got through inventorying
Friday Night, awfully well
. pleased with last year's work,
and now we're going to clean
house. All swell lines sold
down to a few of a kind, all
desirable stuff, only a few of
a kind, out of the house they
must go, and you'll grab at
'em at the prices— Big
Store's House-cleaning prices.
You know what that signi-
fies; it means such prices
that accomplish quick work,
We'll just attempt to tell you
of a few things, but, laws,
there's oceans of others.
Some of our smart Tailor-made Suits
A whole lot of those pretty Blue Cheviot for young men between the ages of 14 and
Suits, not many of any one particular lot, 19, made from blue cheviots. You'll smile
for short trouser boys, ages sto 15 years. when you hear the price; they're cleverly
House-cleaning price, tailored garments, made in the double-
breasted style. Prettier garments were
_l^ - __ -_ never seen in town.
Qj 1 l^fi House-cleaning price,
$1 - 5 °- -$3.50-
Will this make our imitators squirm t
Well HI
What's stronger for a boy than a Cordu-
Some remarkably clever Suits in All- roy Suit, especially for short trouser boya
Wool Scotches, for short trouser boys be- ' between the ages of 6 and 15 years ?
tween the ages of 5 and 15, stylish color- We've a whole lot of Corduroy Suit 3 in
ings, only a few of each kind. They will j browns and tans, all small lines, but when
average for boys 5 to 15 years; the cheap- j put together we can averaee pretty near
est in the lot not worth less than $3.50. j fitting any boy, but it isn't onr custom to
. Your pick at the house-cleaning price of carry goods over from one season to
; another. These goods are free from any
p— ■ j odor so noticeable in most corduroys, and
MM^k 1 vJ^ MM we venture to say that not another store
M"\ ■*■ ■ in town will sell you a like suit under $6.
Now listen to our price, our house-clean-
Don't that indicate we mean business i\ n S P r ee >
And the big store has the reputation for! <TT> Oi if™
carrying the finest Boys' and Children's ■ „ '7*o I "^|mm
Clothing on the Pacific Coast. M-* *I V^
Biufl/irdL v lUirfinijL i)
(INCORPORATED). ' (INCORPORATED).
9,11,13, 15 KearnySt 9,11,13,15 KearnySt
'% Frisco's Biggest Store, : . 2 Entire Buildings, 8 Floors.
34
WRECK NEAR CASPAR
Disaster on a Railroad
Into the Logging
Camps.
ENGINEER CZAR KILLED
His Locomotive Leaves the Rails
and Plunges Down an
Embankment.
FOLLOWED BY LOADED CARS.
Rescuers Find His Mangled and Life
less Body Beneath the
Debris.
VKiAll. < w.. Jan. L — News reached
here to-day of a disaster on the C
railroad on Wednesday, which cost the life
of Engineer Charles Czar, the injuring of
Brakeman Charles Cassidy, and the total
wrecking of the engine and several of the
.. This railroad i? a
short spur built by the Caspar Lumber
Company into it- timber belt and is used
isively for the transportation of iogs
from ttie company's various camps.
The ill-fated engine, known as No. '2, was
pulling a logging-train from the camps.
The train was on tiie last trip for the day
arid the cars bad a heavy load of logs
aboard, which rere to be transferred to a
train drawn by engine 3 on the Caspar end
of the road. When about nine miles from
Caspar the engine, from some cause at
present unknown, left the rails and rolled
down the embankment. The heavy train
ef lous in the rear crushed tto the de
railed engine with terrible force. The en
gineer had not time to leare the cab before
he wa. caught beneath the load of logs that
shot down upon the engine and crushed
to death. The brakeruan, who was on the
rear end ol the train, was hurled from the
cars, but escaped with slight injuries.
\- - the brakeman har
ried tocamp No. 7 for assistance. When
lie returned to 1 : the wreck with
jine was found in
flami ■ however, soon extin
guished. Among the debris was found
the lifeless body of the unfortunate engi
neer.
How tne accident occurred no one knows,
as the only per- ■on the train were tne
engineer and the brakeinan. The latter,
however, was on the rear portion of the
train and knew nothing of the smashup
until he was hurled from the car. It is
probable that the train was late, and an
attempt was being made on the part of
the engineer to make up for lost time, and j
that on approaching one of the numerous I
heavy curves on the road, Czar attempted \
to suddtnly lower the t-perd, which caused i
the engine to leave the rails. Xo other
plausible theory for the accident can be
advanced.
Engineer Czar was about 30 years of age.
and had been in the employ of the Caspar
Lumber Company for a number of years.
He leaves a widow and five children.
SUDD ANSWERS SHIPPEE.
The Governor Indignant Over
the Ex-Director's Covert
Accusations.
Light Thrown Upon the Letting of
Pool-Selling Privileges at the
State Fair.
SACRAMENTO, Gai Jan. 4. -Governor
Budd is greatly incena published
statements accredited to ex-Director Ship
pee of the State Agricultural Society,
wherein he at he was turned
down because he vetoed the pool-seliing !
privilege? of one firm. When questioned I
on the subject the Governor said :
"I cannot believe Mr. Shippee made the
statements telegraphed to the San Fran
cisco Call, for the records show them to
be incorrect. In his talk it is claimed that
he was turned down because he could not
he controlled by Killip & Co. in his vote
oil the pool privileges. Now, the fact is
that the directors appointed by me voted
against the Killip scheme. This year the
board let the privilege to the highest
and a ?:>OO purse, or
against the sum of $7628 55 r
eceived the previous year under the Ship
pee board from Killip & Co., without op
position, hi other words, my appointees,
whom Bhippee charged were selected in
the i:itere?t of Killip, with Dr. Mathews,
were the ones who for the first time in
years overtnrned this firm and advertised
for bi<K thus getting from the highest
bidder. Qe< double the sum for
the State that the Miippee board did from
Killip.
"Mr. Shippee mi;<l<t tell why, under his
administration, all other privileges were
let to the highest bidder and yet Killip &
Co. always got the pool-selling privilege
without competition; and that privilege
was nut advertised or 1< t to ttie highest
bidder until 1 became (iovernor.
"His other statements are equally un
founded. There were but three meetings
of the board after my appointment of
Land, John Budd and John Maekey pre
vious to the State Fair. Land ami Mackey
attended all the meeting and Budd two
out of the three, although Shippee stated
they attended but one. Mr. Shippee's
record as to the pool-selling privileges
is as follows: J. N. Killip received
them on August 12, 1891, with
out competition or opposition, Shippee
present; August 15, lS9"i, J. N. Killip re
ceived the privileges without competition
or opposition, Shippee present (page 147 of
the minutes of the State board); August
10, 1593, J. N. Kiilip received the pooling
privileges without competition or opposi
tion. Shippee being present ( iiatre 212-216
oi the minutes); August 10, 1894, .1. N.
Killip received the jHjoling privileges
without competition or opposition, -
pee being present (page 27i of the Fame
records). So it will be seen that the only
time Killip did not receive the pool-selling
privileges in the last five years was on
August 10. 1»95, under the board appointed
by myself."
AUll'l'UE 88-jaKCTXD.
Will Continue a* I' resident of th<s San
Joaquin Association.
STOCKTON, Cal., Jan. 4.— The direc
tors of the San Joaquin Yaliey Fair Asso
ciation met to-day and attested their ap
preciation of the long and faithful services
of L. U. Shippee as a member of the board
by electing him president again by a unan
imous vote, end recommending him for re
appointment by Governor Buiid.
On the strength oi aa ojfiaiou iioux ex-
Judge Hall, the board decided to mortgage
the association property in order to pay off
an outstanding indebtedness in the neigh
borhood of ?i3,000. A determined effort
will be made to carry on the fair without
the ail of a State appropriation. Some of
the members are inclined to criticize
Governor Budd for his willingness to aid
the fair at Sacramento and deprive the
district association of the same assistance.
KERX COUXTJT PROJECT.
>'. ?r. Ferguson to Take Charge of an
Intensive- Enterprise.
BAKERBPIELD, Cat.., Jan. 4.— The
formal announcement is made ol the re
signation of S. W. Ferguson from the posi
tion of manager of the Kern County Land
Company (the incorporated Ilaggio &
Tevis interests), a position which he has
satisfactorily filled for five or six years.
The responsibilities of this position have
been most onerous, involving the handling
of an investment of many millions of dol
lars, the employment of " several hundred
men, an annual expenditure of over a mil
lion dollars and the conduct of the multi-
farious details of a vast range of enter
prises. It was with reluctance that his
resignation was accepted, and only after'
repeated solicitation on his part.
it is understood Mr. Ferguson will soon
take charge of one of J,ke most extensive
land and water projects ever mooted on
this coast.
FIGHT rOK A .SO.VO.Vi ESTATE.
Jliaa Cmnpbell'g Claim to Tictor Ottmer'a
J'roperty Contested.
SANTA HOSA, Cal,, Jan. 4.— The rela
tivea of Victor Ottmer, the young man
who killed himself near Ilealdsburg a few
days ago, will contest Jennie M. Camp
bell's claim to Ottmer's estate. The young
voman tried to get possession of the es
tate, producing a letter written by Ottmer,
telling her he would give her the estate
after his death. They were soon to be
married. Ottmer's family disputes her
right to the property.
POLITICS IN SACRAMENTO
Three Aspirants Who Will Get
Offices Under Mayor-
Elect Hubbard.
Certain Democrats Take Offense at a
Recent Appointment by the
Governor.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 4.—Mayor
elect Hubbard will assume the duties of
his office on Monday next, and the local
political aspirants are pulling wires in all
directions. As yet Mayor Hubbard has
selected but three candidates for positions
which will become vacant, whose names
1 present to the Board of Trustees for
confirmation or rejection. These are: J.
O. Coleman for Superintendent of Streets,
Hiram Johnson for corporation counsel
and AY. F. Renfro for Mayor's clerk.
It is claimed that the Democratic mem
ber? of the City Board of held a
caucus yesterday and agreed to nominate
Trustee John Leonard for chairman in
place of W. D. Lawton, who retires from
tiie board. A? they are in the majority,
there is no doubt but that his election to
the chair will be encompassed. In the
matter of clerk of the board a lively dis
cussion is said to have ensued. James
Carrol!, a local politician of Democratic
proclivities, has been making a hard fight
for the position, and had the friendship of
a portion of the Trustees, but one of the
party in power would have none of him,
and absolutely refused to enter the caucus
if Carroll's name was to be mentioned.
A- it was deemed very advisable to have
perfect unity in the board, M. J. Des
mond's name was substituted, and he will
probably receive the position. For the
other positions in the gift of the corpora
tion, there are such a host 01. applicants
that there is no possible chance of picking
winners.
The appointment by Governor Budd of
Russ I>. Stephens as a'member of the State
Board of Horticulture, vice J. L. Mosher,
whose term had expired, has aroused the
animosity of the Democratic faction of the
city, with whom Stephens seems to be not
a favorite; not but that every one conceded
his absolute fitness for the position, but
they claim that he has been one of the
strongest adherents of the old-line party,
which battled so fiercely with the reorgan
izes in the last gubernatorial election.
The latter won, but they have never for
given their erstwhile opponents. When
questioned on the subject. Governor Budd
stated that as the office was simply hon
orary, without salary, be did not deem it
one of a political nature, and as he
ardently desired to bring the board to
Sacramento, as this was the central point
of fruit shipment, he believed Mr.
Stephens to be well fitted to forward the
aims of the board, and consequently
selected him.
•Without doubt," continued the Gov
ernor, ''the fruit industry will become the
industry of the State, and it is proper that
it receive full recognition. In conversa
tion with Harbor Commissioner Colnon
on the subject we agreed that a certain
portion of the water front in San Fran
cisco should be set aside for the use of the
fruit interests. The lumber, fish, brick
and sundry other industries all have their
allotted portions, and during the coming
season the fruitmen will also be recog
nized." 6
HALFMODN BAY DISASTER
The Identity of the Three Men
Drowned by the Capsizing
of a Boat.
Captain Whitney's Two Companion:
Were Young Men From St.
Louis.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 4.—Cap
tain Whitney and two companions, be
lieved to have been George A. Schulze (a
metal-worker, aged 22 years) and Fred C.
Wenige (of about the same age), both
well-connected young men of St. Louis,
prove to have been the men who were
drowned in Half moon Bay several days
ago. The first authentic news of the dis
aster reached this city to-day.
The unfortunate trio came down the
coast in a small boat, and put into Half
moon Bay for repairs. On resuming their
trip the boat was capsized in the surf. The
bodies were not recovered..
T. K. i-'chulze of Oakland, a brother of
one of the young men who were drowned,
was in town tv-day and offered a reward of
$00 to tlie finder* of either or both of the
bodies. This amount will probably be in
creased as soon as the parents can be tele
graphed to.
Both young men were members of Fu
ture Great Lodge No. 276, K. of P., of Bt
lxmis. They were last seen aiive in Oak
land on Thanksgiving day. They were
going to Santa Barbara to seek employ
ment and have not been heard from since.
It is believed they met Captain Whitney,
joined him on his trip down the coast, and
were lost.
Bought by a t>eat(l* Man.
SEATTJLE, Wash., Jan. 4.-Captain E.
K. Wyman of the wrecked schooner El
wood announces that lie has purchased
the steam-schooner Hattie (Jape, now in
Oakland harbor, to run as a trading vessel
beiweejQ tjcauie aud Cook's lulet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
SEATTLE'S SHIPYARD.
Vessels Now Being Built
for the Government
Service.
A NEW REVENUE TUG.
i
The Golden Gate Designed for
Use in San Francisco
Harbor.
WILL SOON BE COMPLETED.
Fifty Thousand Dollars the Probable
Cost— Constructing a Tor
pedo Boat.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 4.— Moran Bros,
have begun the construction of the Gov
ernment steel propeller Golden Gate, being
built for the United States revenue service,
and to be used chiefly in San Francisco
TIIF NEW TIG GOLDEN GATE, BEING BUILT FOR THE BSE OF THE
UNITED STATES REVENUE SERVICE IN SAN 1 RANCISCO HARBOR.
[Reproduced from the designer's sketch.]
harbor. The Golden Gate is to be con
structed entirely of steel, the contract price
being $33,760, exclusive of boilers and
fittings. The boiler is to be supplied by
the Government, and it is estimated that
the boat cannot be placed in actual service
much short of $50,000. According to the
contract &he must be completed by August
1, 1896.
The general dimensions of the Golden
Gate are: Length over all, exclusive of
lenders, 110 feet; length between perpen
diculars, 100 feet; breadth of beam,
molded, 20 feet 6 inches; depth, molded
at rnidlength between perpendiculars, 12
feet 6 inches.
The propelling power will consist of one
vertical inverted cylinder direct - acting
engine of the triple expansion type with a
high-pressure cylinder 13 inches in di-
ameter, an intermediate-pressure cylinder
21 inches in diameter, and a low-pressure
cylinder 32}^ inches in diameter, the com
mon stroke being 24 inches. The boiler
for the Golden Gate will be of the Wood
type, the weight of which when full and
with fittings is eighteen tons.
Moran Bros, are also constructing for
the Government and have now well under
way a torpedo-boat.
LOS ANGELES MYSTERY.
Peter Deville Murdered at His
Roadhouse Near the
City.
His Body Cast Into the Flames of His
Home, Which Had Been
Fired.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— A mys
terious and shocking murder took place
last night about 10 o'clock at Peter De
ville's roadhouse, about four miles east of
this city, on the Whittier road, the pro
prietor being the victim. The last seen of
him alive was about 9 o'clock last evening,
when several parties stopped at his place.
They all left a few moments afterward, as
he was about to shut up the store. Later
the Btructure was seen in flames. It was
thought possible that Peter had escaped,
but he was nowhere to be found.
When the flames had somewhat sub
sided a search was instituted by the
deputy sheriffs who had been summoned,
and in the ruins the charred body of the
proprietor was found. There was no
means of telling, in the examination that
could be made at the time, whether the
unfortunate man had been murdered be
fore he was incinerated or whether he bad
been stunned and his unconscious body
thrown into the fire, which had been
kindled by his slayer.
A further investigation disclosed the fact
that kerosene had been freely used through
the house, and under the floor of the hall
way the earth was found saturated with
blood. As Deville was known to have had
considerable money in an old trunk rob
bery was evidently the motive for the
crime, and the perpetrators of the murder
endeavored to cover it up by setting tire
to the building. The affair has caused
great excitement here, and several deputy
sheriffs are busily engaged in locating the
murderer.
"French Pete" was an old-timer, and
was known all over Southern California
He has always kept a roadside inn, and
was a bachelor. He was about 55 years of
age, and many years ago lost his arm
whiie prospecting. He was always chari
table and kind-hearted, never drank much
and was always friendly with every one.
Those who know him say that he never
turned a tramp from his door. A cousin
who had been visiting him for some time'
only recently returned to hia home in
France.
WEALTH OF IOS AXQBI.EB.
The Annual Ueport of the Auditor Fur
nish- flattering Statistics.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4. — The
Auditor's report gives the following valua
tions for the city's property :
The City Hall building, $306,126 70; the
public school buildings and property
$910,11101; miscellaneous real estate
amounts to $30,883 80; the outfall sewer
system is worth $331,713 39, and the new
.sewer, system, $338,599 70, Ih.« sania
•
system counts up $7,106.490 53, and the
Pesthouse $1200.
The parks have cost as follows: Central,
$180,807 80; Elysian, $130,614 43: East Los
Angeles, $99,438 12; Echo, $13,582 91; Plaza,
$11,523 32; Prospect, $6594 36; St. James,
$5282; City Hall, $1030 21; the park nur
series, $4423 32; West Lake, $117,124 70.
/ Library books have cost $41,883 40;
bridges and viaducts, $214,345 67; levees,
$170,234 67.
The annual report of the City Treasurer,
filed this mornincr, shows a total paid out
for all purposes, $1,064,898 96; on "hand in
the city treasury, November 30, 1894, $167,
--938 96; received during the past year.
$2,188,2.>1 82; total received and on hand,
$2,356,173 78; disbursed during the past
year, $1,885,110 07; on hand November 30,
1895, $471,063 71.
WZJBB FltOir THE CITY.
Sudden Disappearance of a Hotel Man-
ager on. His Wedding Day.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— Manager
Downs of the San Xavier Hotel, 315 West
Seventh street, is wanted. The hotel is
owned and operated by Mrs. Williams, who
has a pretty daughter, a widow. To-day
the daughter was to have married Man
ager Downs. Since 11 o'clock last evening
the gay manager has not been seen and it
is understood that he left a note stating
that he was going to leave the city.
Iho daughter is sick in bed, 'the land
lady is at Redondo and the police are look
ing for Manager Downs. He is about 30
years old. It is said that he has some of
the landlady's cash with him.
SVED ISX MIS DAUGHTER.
Capitalist Bryson the Defendant in a
Strange Action.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4. — Mrs.
Margart Krouse is the daughter of John
Bryson Sr., the magnate of the Bryson
block, and this morning Bryson was In
Department 5 to answer to a suit which
has been brought against him by that
lady.
j Mrs. Krouse says that in 1882 she was
the owner of two houses and lots in the
j town of Fairfield, Jefferson County, lowa,
and that at that time her father came to
her and told her that he had an opportu
nity to trade that property advantageously,
and that if she would sign a deed to the
man he would invest for her an amount
of money equal to its valne in LO3 Angeles
property for her benefit. This she did and
Bryson invested the money, since which
time he has made no accounting.
Mrs. Krouse now sues for the amount,
claiming the present value of the property
to be $25,000.
LEIT MICH TO CHARITT.
Uavid Utade Became Tired of Living and
Swallowed I'oison.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.— David
Reade, aged 65, committed suicide by taX-
Ing a drug of some kind. His body was
found last evening in his room in a lodg
inc-house at 506 East Third street.
Reade loft a holographic will, giving $100
to his landlady and $1000 to the Associated
Charities. He has $350 on deposit in San
Francisco banks and $300 in local banks.
He owed nothing and was apparently at
peace with the world, but became tired of
living.
Oranges Sent to th* East.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 4.-Forty
two carloads of oranges were shipped for
the East last night over the Southern Pa
cific.
SAN DIEGO'S MURDER CASE.
The Trial of Joseph Ebanks for a Double
Crime Opens With a Sensa
tion.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 4.-The trial of
Joseph Japhet Ebanks, a West India
negro, for the murder of J. B. Borden and
his daughter, Mrs. Stiles, near Oceanside,
on September 10 last, began to-day in the
Superior Court, after four daya' work se
lecting a jury.
The District Attorney sprang a sensa
tion in outlining the evidence that would
be brought out, which had been sup
pressed in the preliminary examination,
the most important of which was that the
pistol which killed the aged couple, and
which was known to have been in the
possession of Ebanks, had been found in a
canyon not far from the scene of the
crime wrapped in a gunny-sack taken
from the tent. With the pistol was a
shirt marked "Gibson," which Ebanfes had
stolen from a man of that name, and an
other shirt with the same name marked
upon it was found on Ebanks when he
was captured.
All circumstances in this mysterious
case point strongly to the guilt of Ebanks,
ana still there is nothing Beyond circum
stances to connect him with the crime.
The case will be resumed Monday morn
ing and will consume a week.
RAW Vrox KESXEWXCK CHIXESE.
Maslied Men Beat and ltoh a I'arty of
CeleitiaU.
PASCO, Wash., Jan. 4.— Two men, with
red handkerchief masks, kicked in the door
of the section house at Kennewick last
night, covered the Chinese inmates with
guns and commanded them to climb out
of bed. They obeyed. One of the despe
radoes kept his rifle on the Celestials aud
the other searched the room, rifling boxes
trunks, bedding and everything that might
contain treasure.
Their search not being rewarded they
began beating the defenseless Chinese with
their guns, knocking two of them senseless
and breaking a gun over the back of an
other. Then they searched the pockets of
the Mongols and found gold amounting to
over $200. After obtaining this booty they
ran down the track toward the Columbia
Kiver and disappeared.
Lectures to Petal uma Dairymen.
PETALUMA, Cal., Jan. 4.-The first
lecture of the course for milk and butter
makers under the direction of the Cali
fornia Dairy Association will be delivered
here on January 15. One or more speak
ers will come from the State University,
who will address the dairymen on the sub
jects in point in a scientific and practical
manner.
Failure of a Chico Hotel-Keeprr.
CHICO, Cal., Jan. 4.— Charles N. John
son, the well-known hotel proprietor, filed
a petition of insolvency yesterday. His
indebtedness is $7000, San Francisco, Sac
ramento and Maryßville creditors losing
SAN MATEO TUNNEL
The Southern Pacific to
Pierce the San Pedro
Mountains.
PLANS OF HUNTINGTON.
A Network of Railways That
Will Converge Toward
San Francisco.
PURE WATER FOR THE CITY.
The Spring Valley Company Will As
sist in Tunneling the
Elevations.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 4.-C. P.
Huntington's recent trip through San Ma
teo County with Charles Webb Howard of
the Spring Valley Water Works may mean
considerable to San Francisco. It again
opens up the question of tunneling
through the mountain at a point back of
Redwood City, so as to connect the ocean
side with the bay side of San Mateo
county. The result would be that a rail
road built up along the coast would escape
the forbidding group of hills terminating
in the San Pedro Mountain, which juts
out into the ocean just below the San
Francisco County line and blocks the way.
Surveys have been made around, over
and through the San Pedro Mountains,
but the obstacles to good railroading are
said to be something immense, while the
tunnel referred to would afford a means of
crossing over to the bay shore and thence
to San Francisco on an almost level grade.
If a railroad tunnel is built, it has been
considered the policy ol the Spring Valley
Water Works to join with the Southern
Pacific Company in its construction. The
Spring Valley folks have extensive in
terests on the coast side of San Mateo
County, and control enough water over
there, which is running to waste into the
ocean, to add millions of gallons to San
Francisco's daily supply. Pescadero
Creek is the principal stream, but there
are several others, and the San Gregorio
and Purissima are very important ones.
Water will be taken from each.
At the present time there is no way of
getting the water over the mountains, and
the Spring Valley Company could use the
railroad tunnel to bring a pipe-line
through, emptying the water into Crystal
Springs reservoir among the hills back of
San Mateo. Thus, from the head waters
of the Pescadero to San Francisco, there
would be a constant supply cf pure moun
tain water by gravity flow.
If the Southern Pacific goes into the
scheme it is safe to «ay that enough feed
ers to the main line of railroad will be
operated on the coast side of San Mateo
County to fully occupy or control the
various avenues of approach to San Fran
cisco. These feeders would tap the "big
basin," a vast tract of virgin redwood tim
ber owned by Timothy Hopkins and
others, and lyins: along the border line of
San Mateo and Santa Cruz counties. Pes
cadero, San Gregorio, Punssima and
Spanishtown would be on the main line.
Such valleys as the San Greeorio and Pi
larcitos we natural highways between the
mountains, and need only an outlet by
tunnel to command the coast trade.
On one pretext or another the whole
coast side of San Mateo County has been
crossed and recrossed by survey parties,
until every foot of the land and all the
distances and elevations are known and
carefully tabulated. The area of water
shed and record of rainfall have all been
figured out to a nic&ty. The capacity of
the streams to furnish motor-power by the
use of turbine-wheels has been inquired
into, and the generation, local use and
transmission of electric power to San
Francisco have received the attention of
expert?.
It is believed that with the revival of
business the construction of the proposed
tunnel would be one of the first moves
made by the Southern Pacific Company in
order to maintain its control over traffic to
and from San Francisco. At the present
time there is no sale for bonds and actual
railroad construction is languishing, yet
the Southern Pacific Company has not
been idle, but has taken advantage of
every opportunity to strengthen its posi
tion.
When the San Francisco and San Joa
quin Valley Railway Company was incor
porated the Southern Pacific Company
hurried along its work in San Mateo
County. It immediately secured the long
neglected rights of way around the bay
shore, and it looks as though it might soon
spring another surprise by bringing a rail
road in from the coast side as mentioned
above. It is not a new idea. Everything
is ready. Condemnation proceedings
could be commenced almost at a day's
notice.
All the country immediately affected by
any such, a movement was gone over in a
buggy by Mr. Huntington and Mr. How
ard, their route being from San Mateo to
Redwood City, Woodside, Searswille, La
Honda, Hanson's Mill, San Gregorio, Pu
rissiina, Spanishtown, through Pilarcitos
Valley, past Crystal Springs reservoir and
back to San Mateo.
SAN JOSE'S NEW FACTORY.
The City Likely to Secure a
Glass Manufacturing
Plant.
Proposition of a Philadelphia Capi
talist Approved By the Board
of Trade.
SAN JOSE. Cai,., Jan. 4.— W. S. Boody
of Philaaelphia presented a proposition to
the Board of Trade last night to establish
a glass factory in this city, provided a site
of a half acre on a railroad be donated
for the plant. The proposition met with
favor with the board, and A. C. Darby, C.
J. Steeple and A. Greeninger wera ap
pointed a special committeee to report on.
the matter at the next meeting. In mak
ing his proposition to the Board of Trade
Mr. Boody said:
"I have thought of establishing a glass
plant in California, but obstacles have
until recently made it impracticable. The
revolution in the method of manufacture
which will enable us to use oil for luel has
.removed all obstacles, and X wade this
trip for the purpose of making definite ar
rangements for putting up a glass manu
factory. There is no objection commer
cially, as the demand for manufactured
glass in California would support a large
factory. I have talked with prominent
citizens of this city, and they are of the
opinion that such a concern would be of
immense benefit to San Jose.
"The resources of myself and those
whom I represent are entirely adequate to
carry out every agreement which we enter
into. We would undertake the erection of
a plant that would cost anywhere from
$6000 to $10,000. The number of employes
at the start would be from TO to 100, but in
three years we expect that the force would
number 500 men. All we ask is that this
city give us a tract of land— approximately
half an acre — with railroad facilities. We
intend at first to make all common grades
of glass, such as jars, beer and wine bot
tles, etc., but later we would put in a
special plant and manufacture all the fine
grades of glass."
DUXLAP DIVORCE CASE.
Court Commissioner Montgomery Files
Ilia Report of the Testimony.
SAX JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— Court Com
missioner Montgomery has filed his report
of the testimony taken in the case of John
H. Duniap against Eliza L. Dunlap on the
ground of desertion. The testimony shows
tnat the Dunlaps were married in Los Gatos i
in March, 1883. They have two children, i
Clyde E., aged 6 years, and Orrin, aged 2 I
years. They lived together at their residence i
in Hyde Park until May 30, 1694, when
Mrs. Dunlap packed up her trunk and left
her husband, seemingly without provoca- j
tion.
Dunlap gained some notoriety a short
time ago by being the principal witness for
the prosecution in the trial of ex-Super
visor H. Tiliotson for arson.
Swindled by an Old Man.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— Many people
have been swindled during the past few
days by an old man, who has been raising
funds on the pretense of using the money
to bury the body ot a soldier lying at the
morgue. As the swindler was a smooth
talker and created a good impression it is
thought that the fraud has netted him a
neat sum.
Judge Lewis Injured.
SAN JOSE. Cal., Jan. 4.— Judge J. R.
Lewis met with a serious accident this
forenoon. In coming out of a store on
South Market street he slipped and fell,
fracturing his left knee cap and snapping
the ligament extending from it to the bone
below. He will be confined to his room
for some time.
Pastor Stnith Expelled.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— The African
Methodist Episcopal Church conference,
which has been in session in this city for
the past three days, has expelled the Rev.
(i. 11. W. Smith of Los Angeles for "lying
and conduct unbecoming a minister."
Becomes an Insolvent.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 4.— Nils E. John
son, a tailor at Los Gatos, has filed a peti
tion in insolvency. His liabilities amount
to $tj9o, and his assets consist of a home
stead valued at $3000 and subject to a
mortgage of $1100.
XORTHERX J'A.CIJFJC MUDDZE.
Judge Gilbert Will Attempt to Alter .Ex
isting Conditions.
PORTLAND, Ok., Jan. 4.— ln the North
era Pacific receivership case Judge Gilbert
of the United States Circuit Court has is
sued^ an order calling upon the Farmers'
Loan and Trust Company, the Northern
Pacific Railroad Company and Receivers j
Burleigh, Bonner and Mills to show cause :
before him in^ the United States circuit
Court in Helena, Mont., on January 9, why
the present diversified receivership in the
different districts should not De made uni
form and harmonious by tne appointment j
of one or more receivers to manage the
property, working together as a unit.
The fact that Judge Gilbert has made
the order returnable before himself at
Helena is taken as conclusive evidence
that he, as the Judge of the circuit, has de
cided to put an end to present conditions,
and do all in his power for the purpose of
solving existing differences.
10.V6 CREEK WART
Armed Miners Contesting for Property in
JJispute.
PEXDLETON, Or., Jan. 4.— Reports re
ceived from Long Creek, Grant County,
state that it is feared serious trouble 11
result from the rivalry of claimants of the
No Man's Land and Jordan mines in the
Black Butte district.
John Rudio and other*, who are now
doing assessment work on the properties,
have been ordered off by Gagen and Her
mann, owners of tbe larger part of the
district, who will enforce their order with
rifles if necessary. They have twenty men
under arms and as Rudio's crowd is ae
termined to remain in the field a pitched
battle is expected. Gagen is ex-Mayor of
Pendleton and ia very prominent in" East
ern Oregon.
g^ IHE 1 IERCURY g|
| .....Souvenir j
99 © © a~ta».ir^ ' ■ -^>>^J)
i Sunshine, Fruit now ready. 1
J^: and Flowers ... NOW READY,
§S3T .' „ Contains 325 pages, 9x12 inches, *^^»
J|^ and Is ILLUSTRATED FROM 939 PHOTOGRAPHS. "~«
&^. Hundreds of beautiful half-tone engravings, showing I^2
•>rv^ the aspect of the county from January to December. 13>3
g^ The Fruit Industry Illustrated - -ih
££: The Fruit Industry Illustrated
9*~~ And described -the most valuable treatise upon the -~^
g£T Santa CJara County Fruit Industry that has ever been
— published, giving details of the business from nursery
Ok^- to market, with crops, prices and profits. " Z£S
•£: A Work of Art, — •
J^-j Suitable for the center-table, and a most appropriate -~*e»
J^l Christmas present. There is scarcely a question that \^2>
@^^ could be asked concerning Santa Clara County and its I^2
©»^. resources that is not fully answered. SZ5*
mZ:
2^"" . oocxxxxxxxjoo ~^-^eß
S^H The Mshcubt SouTenlr will b« sent, expressa«e prepaid, -^^©
2^V to » 7P"*of the United States at the following rates: Bonad in P^^*
g*^ Bristol board, 75 cents per copy; bound in leatherette, $1.25 per |' s ''^^
copy. Bent to any part of the United States, poitase prepaid, at -"^©
q^,^. the following rates: Bound in Bristol board, 80e per copy; i"^^*
&^s^ bound in leatherette, $1.35 per oopy. The BouTenir is sold orer Z^2
sj^^ the counter at the MKBccav office at th« followiDg prices: Bound ZZ^
O^v- In Bristol beard, 50 cents per oopy; bound in leatheratte, $1.00 Sj^i
f*C2 perc w* • . -
J^ Address CHAS. M. SHORTRIDGE,
San Jose, California. 22t2
* ' • : • . %&
' ~ —
I P* I I * ' IMk »
II I iyn
• • » *^i
Moral.
Use the great Hudyan.
You can get it only from the Hudson Medical
Institute.
HUDYAN cures certain forms of nervous dis-
eases, certain forms of liver and kidney trou-
bles, lost manhood, wasting diseases.
Circulars and testimonials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
TAINTED BLCOD- Impure blood, dut
to serious private disorders, carries myriads of;
sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
old bores aud falling hair. You can save a trip
to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book" to
the old physicians oi the
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market ana Ellis Sta.
LIVER— your liver is affected you
may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
discontented. You will notice many symptoms
that you really have and many that you really
do not have. You need a good liver regulator,
and this you should take at once. You can g«»
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton. Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
lives— up their kidneys. If you wish to
have your kidneys put In good order send for
our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
thing about your kidneys and how to make tha
test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
sent free.
fludsoaMedical Institute
Stockton, Market and Eliis Sts.,
SAN FRANCI3CO, CAL.
CLEARANCE SALE
fo* the NEXT 60 DAYS
As I have ordered direct from .££*>
the manufacture™ a full and J&f
complete assortment «f the' la- F^W
test designs In Spring and bun- -k. y
ker Goods. I therefore offer my -j r^^
entire stock of Woolzks now dfi/wttk
on hand nt Prices never before BL&/**'
offered lv San Francisco.
GUARANTEED GENUINE t%l jj&, ; \
ENGLISH CASSIMERB T^^litni
PANTS TO ORDER : fflt I:
FOKiISBLT BEDUCED TO * C*
$10.00 $6.50 fljlr
ALL WOOL SUITS f'h\l
' TO ORDER : I! Mil
TOBMEBLY BEDCCro TO ' li
$25.00 $17.50 [S
I All other Gabjixxts Reducsd >^»Jfjia^ik
In like proportion. You -will do
well to avail yourself of this opportunity, and blt«
me a caU before buying elsewhere.
V Respectfully yours,
JOE POHEIM, The Tailor
201 & 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bush,
724 Market St. and llio 8s 1112 Market St.
«*N fHAHCISCO, CAU
NOTARY PUBLIC.
QHARLEa H. rHILUPS, ATTORNKT-A"*CAPE FLATTERY FIND
A Life Buoy Belonging to
the Missing Miowera
Picked Up.
SHIPPING MEN ANXIOUS.
Renewal of the Belief That the
Big Liner Went to the
Bottom.
WRECKAGE ON THE BEACH.
An Indian Woman Discovers a Life
boat Used by Men of the
Strathnevis.
TORT TOWNSEND, Wash.. Jan. 4.—
The steamer Garland arrived here to-day
from Neah Bay, having on board a lifeboat
ging to the steamer Strathnevis anl
a life Luoy from the Cana lian-Australian
steamship Miowera, about which there
lias been so much anxiety in shipping
circles since the report was brought here
I ■■ i'a]uaiii I'attie of the Btrathnevis that
~,i suddenly disappeared from
Bight about lifteen miles off Cape Flattery
c morning of December i v - The boat
and buoy were picked up on the beach
pouth of Cape Flattery, ami were brought
to N'eah Bay, and there taken by the <.:ir
land, which carried them to Seattle to-day.
There has been little o:st> miked of here
to-day, and the news brought by tbe Gar
land created intense excitement. It was
at once decided that i< I 'Ked very bad for
the Australian liner, and preparations
were begun to send tugs out to make a
thorough search for more wreckage.
The Miowera came upon the disabled
liner Strathnevis after she had been drift
ing helplessly about in miuocean for sixty
six days, and I ■ ■•■! ner through a raging
Btorm to a raparative safety near
nd. She arrived there with
the disable 1 steamer at midnight on
December 23, and at that hour the steel
cable - the two vessels broke.
This was- a serions accident on that stormy
n'.ght. but assurance was given that the
rescuer would stand by until daylight in
case of need. An anchor was put out
from the Strathnevis, and then it was dis
covered that the Miowera was nowhere to
:>.. This was at 3 o'clock in the
f December 23, and since then
the Miowera has not been heard from.
Tlie fact of her disappearance was re
: when the Minneola, a Tacoma col
rue back to port with the Strath
no vis.
• c were several members of the Strath
<-rew who expressed a belief that the
Miowera had herseif been wrecked, but
story was not credited, although it
was admitted strange that after towing the
prize several hundred miles through the
roughest kind of weather she should not
only let pass ah chance of securing a
heavy salvage claim, but leave the vessel
. n a place where she was at any
n:oment liable to be dashed to pieces.
Tbe belief that something serious bad
happened has been growing, and to-day,
when a life-preserver from th« vessel was
brought, the belief was materially
strengthened.
S me shipping men hold to the belief
that had the vessel actually gone to the
bottom more wreckage would have come '
ashore, but this argument ia set at naught j
•by the fact that the Ivanhoe was wrecked |
"thing but her signboard ever found, I
while only the medicine-chest was dis
covered to reveal the fate of the handsome
collier Montserrat and her brave crew, i
Another vessel, tbe Majestic, disappeared
and never a vestige of her was found.
Accompanying the Miowcra's life pre
server was a boat which is said to have be
longed to the Strathnevis,and which is be
lieved to be the one in which the purser
and two of the vessel's crew left her when
6tie was slowly drifting ashore at Destruc
tion Island, to telegraph for assistance.
The boat was found in a small cove and
had a jagged hole stove in her side. As no
one aboard the Strathnevis can say posi
t.vely that the boat reached the beach, it is
!e that three men wer« drowned in
tiie terrible surf which followed in the
waKe of the stom then raging. Thus far
the storm has m.i.!e it impossible for the
I'nited States lighthouse steamer Colum
bine to obey orders B nd go to their rescue.
The reported discovery of wreckage
tending to confirm the belief that the Mi
owera ha 1 been lost was followed this
afternoon by a report that the beach south
of Cape Flattery was strewn with wreck
age and new lumber, an i that two sign
boards from vessels had l.een picked up.
One bore the name "C. F. .Sargent," while
the oth*r, which was broken in twain, had
only "Victoria" carved oa it. As the
Sargent arrived at Adelaide on November
15. there is no fear for her safety. Just
what vessel the Victoria board belonged
to is not known, although it is possible
that it is from the schooner Mary Brown, '>
wrecked two years ago and lost with all
on board during a voyage from Mary
Island, Alaska, to Victoria. All ever i
found of that unfortunate vessel was her '
peak flag and a broken board bearing the
word "Brown."
Instructions have been issued by Cap
tain Libby, manager of the Puget Sound
Tugboat Company, to each of the officers
of the fleet of seven tugs under his control, ;
to cruise close in shore south of the cape
•whenever in that vicinity, and he says that i
Within three days he will be absolutely
certain about the Miowera's fate.
A rr irctl at Seattle.
SKATTLE, Wash., Jan. 4.— The steamer
Garland arrived in port at 4 o'clock this
afternoon, Captain Mahan, her master,
having in his possession one of the Mio
wera's buoys, found by an old Indian
woman, along with the Strathnevi-" life
boat, the boat, presumably, in which I'ur-
Bex McDonald, Third Officer Bain and three
Japanese tried to make Destruction Island.
The lifeboat, which the captain says was
badly wrecked and broken, was not
brought to Seattle.
SKATTLK JiASIHTS X OILED.
VnsurreKsjul Attempt to Jtob a Streetcar
Conductor.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. Two masked
men held up one of the Seattle Consoli
dated Street Railway Company's electric
cars at the end of Cedar street" Jast night
just before midnight. Motorman Barnum
and Conductor Skinner made a brave
6tand 'i ?J ld in the desperate fight that
enMie.l 1). C. Johnson, one of the highway
men, was overpowered and placed under
arrest. The other desperado escaped. No
ahois were lired, though both men backed
up with six-shooters their demand for coin,
which was not acceded to.
SAXTA CIiVX LITIGATION.
Third Action Against thn Electric Light
and I'mcrr Cotnpnny.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 4.— A com
plaint was tiled in the Superior Court this
morning by Fred \V. Swanton against the
Santa Cruz Electric Light and Power Com-_
pany, which makes the third suit of the
kind be has begun of late. In his com
plaint he prays for judgment for !f.'>soo for
services rendered in floating a loan for
$67,800 in February last.
The Electric Light and Power Company,
prior to February of last year, negotiated
a loan of $40,000 from the City Bank of this
city and for security gave bonds for $^0,000,
with the agreement that should the bonds
not be taken up in one year's time the bank
should become the owner of them, thus
making $50,000 the company owed the
bank instead of $40,000, a loss of $10,000 to
the company. When toe year expired the
company did not have the funds to liqui
date and urued Swanton to float a loan-
In San Francisco Swanton succeeded in bor
rowing $67,800 for the company and placed
bonds to cover tbe amount.
Swanton alleges in his complaint that he
has never received financial consideration
for hi* services, and tixe.s $3500 as a rea
sonable charge, for which amount he sues.
Bailr«ad Fatality at Newman,
NEWMAN, Cat.., Jan. 4.— J. H. Jones,
a prominent farmer living near Newman,
attempted to cross the track in front of the
New Orleans flyer on Wednesday. He was
struck by the engine and hurled fifty feet
into tbe air. He was instantly killed and
nearly every bone in his bod3'~was broken.
J'ort Angeles Shaken.
PORT ANGELES, Wash., Jan. 4.— An
earthquake shock was felt in this city last
night at 10 o'clock. It rattled tiie crockery
and awakened those who had retired. The
motion was from west to east.
AMADOR COUNTY MINES
The Opening of New Claims a
Daily Occurrence in the
District.
Monster Pumping Gear That Is to
Handle the Water at the
Union Claim.
JACKSON, Cal., Jan. 4.— Mining con
tinues active in Amador County and
nearly every day new claims aie being
opened. J. Ro3s Browne and Mr. Behr of
San Francisco were here this week and
commenced active operations at the
Oneida. The company's boarding-house
is nearly finished and a contract was let
to P. Buell A- Co. of Stockton for 12"),000
feet of shaft timbers. The new shaft will
be 1000 feet east of the old workings and
will be sunk 1700 feet perpendicularly be
fore the vein will be encountered. There
is no doubt that this mine will be a divi
dend-payer.
At the Argonaut the new water hoist
(the largest in the county) was started on
Saturday last and works to perfection. At
the Alma sinking is continued and good
headway is being made. They are still in
green stone, but the slate belt will be met
within sixty feet, when better progress can
be made. A telephone Jine is now hein^
constructed from Jackson to the Union
Consolidated, a distance of eight, miles.
D. Gntmann was here over New Year, and
while here bought the pumping gear at
the Wolverine mine. This gear is one of
tiie larsest on the coast, and when erected
at the Union will be more than able to
handle all the water there. The main
tunnel of the Union is now beins retim
bered and will be finished within six
weeks. By that time the pump will be
erected and the hoisting machinery will be
in position, when sinking wiil be resumed
in the main shaft and the mill started on
ore from the 300 level. There are now
thirty men employed at the Union.
The Watson mine at Butte City has
been bonded by San Francisco parties,
and a 10-stamp mill is to be erected at
once. At the Jackson Gate the shaft is
now down 200 feet, and the quartz is im
proving all the time. This mine shows
up as well as any in the county.
CARS CAX JiX72f OX SUXDAY.
j Defeat of the Zord's-I)ay Alliance in Itt
, Lawsuit.
TORONTO, o>-r., Jan. 4.-The Ontario
Court of Appeals has handed down an im
portant judgment affecting the running of
; Sunday street cars. Some months ago the
j Lords-day Alliance of Hamilton took ac
tion to prevent the running of Sunday
cars in that city on the ground that the
running of street cars on Sunday was a
! nuisance to church-goers and i"hat the
j eanctity of the Lord's day should be pre
j served.
The alliance also laid an information
; with the Ontario Attorney-General against
j the stieet-railway company charging it
: with a breach of the Lords-day act in
1 making their employes work on Sunday.
! The case, after being tried at Hamilton,
was referred to the Court of Appeals,
which yesterday decided every point in
favor of the company. The court, ruled
that the company was a bona fide "carrier
of travelers," and was by law allowed to
continue business on Sunday, and dis
; missed the case.
SIX JUIXISTERS RESIOX.
Trouble in the Dominion Cabinet Reaches
a Crisis.
TORONTO, Oxtario, Jan. 4.— The Sun
day World's Ottawa special says trouble
in the Dominion Cabinet reached a climax
to-night when Premier Bowell received a
letter signed by six Ministers, tendering
their resignations. The Ministers named
are Foster, Haggard, Tupper, Ives, Monta
gue and Dickey. Controller of Customs
Wood is also reported to have signed the
letter. The special adds that Sir Charles
Tapper Sr., High Commissioner to Great
Britain, had a lengthy conference with Sir
Mackenzie Bowell, in which lie expressed
his willingness to assume the Premiership
if requested to do so. Premier Bowell
will consult the party in caucus before
doing anything.
I. X-SPJS A X Ell CJUSP'S VIE TV.
lines Sot See Ilnv England Can Insist
on the Claim.
ATLANTA, Ga., Jan. 4.— Ex-Speaker
Crisp is here to-night on his way to
Washington from his home in Americus.
He -jays that, in the light of the London
Chronicle's dispatch, he does not see how
England can insist on her claim to the
disputed territory of the Venezuelan
frontier.
The Stranded Steamer.
LONDON, P^ng., Jan. 4.— The steamer
Cephalonia, which was beached at the
upper end of New Hnrbor, near Holy
| head Wednesday, is lying in a sheltered
! position. She has a list to the starboard
of LT> decrees. Holds Nos. 4 and f>, her
engine-room and stokehole are full of
I water. The engine-room and stokehole
j were rilled through the deck scuppers. At
high tide her %t<iterooms and t-aloon on
the starboard side are tilled with water.
I'i-iarr Altxander Dead.
BERLIN, Qbbmaitt, Jan. 4. — Prince
Alexander of Prussia, general of in
fantry in the Prussian army, died to-day,
aged 75 years. He had been ailing for
some time.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
TROUBLE IN MADERA
Cattle King Miller Locks
Horns With the
Court.
SCORNS AN INJUNCTION.
His Stock Driven Upon Land
That He Was Enjoined
From Occupying.
ARMED VAQTJEROS ON GUARD.
Henchmen of the Millionaire Take
Forcible Possession of a
Large Tract.
MADERA, Cal., Jan. 4.— Tbe multi
millionaire cattle King of the Pacific coast,
Henry Miller, has come into contact with
the Superior Court of Madera Count}- and
is likely to be obliged to answer to a
HENRY MILLER, THE CATTLE KING OF CALIFORNIA.
[Reproduced from a photograph.]
charge of contempt which may mean a
term in the County Jail.
The difficulty arose out of a dispute over
lands. On October 16, 1895, Kutner &
Huffman of Fresno leased from E. B. Per
rin 7000 acres of the Chowchilla ranch,
ten miles west of Madera. This land is all
under fence and was rented by Kutner &
Huffman as sheep pasture. The lessees
took immediate possession of the premises
and occupied them until a few days ago.
In December, 1895, Perrin contracted the
land to Gordan Griffith, a real estate man
of San Jose, for the purpose of making a
sale, Griffith representing that he could
settle a colony thereon. This he failed to
do, but he did lease the land for one year
beginning January 1, 1896, to the Miller &
Lux.estate. This, it is claimed, was with
out the knowledge of Perrin and presum
ably outside of the agreement between
himself and Griffith.
On December 28 Miller drove 600 head of
cattle to the land, broke down tbe fence
and turned them into the pasture. He
was at once notified by Kutner & Huffman
to remove them, but did not comply,
whereupon Kutner <fe Huffman turned
them out.
The cattle were driven back by Miller
the same day, and armed men were placed
by him along the fence to prevent any
further action by Kutner & Huffman. :
Among these men was "Billy" Morrison, '
a well-known fighting man with a record
of having killed several men. Kutner &
Huffman then had J. F. "Warren, Miller's
foreman, and the vaqueros under his !
charge, arrested, charging them with :
forcible entry and detainer. They were
released on nominal bail.
Suit was brought on January 2 by Kutner
it Huffman against Miller and others, and
an injunction issued to restrain them from
occupying the lands. This injunction was
served the same day upon Miller, but in
disregard of it he again yesterday
caused the fence to be broken down and
his cattle turned into the pasture.
±o-d:iy warrants were again issued for
the arrest of Warren and the vaqueros,
but so far no return has been made upon
them.
S Alt AH SJSBWJBA.BHX COMIX O.
The Great Actress leaves llnvre for
America.
NEW YOEK, N. V., Jan. 4.-Sarnh
Bernhardt, the great French actress, left
Havre to-day for America.
Bernhardt is between 50 and GO now. She
made her fust triumph way back in 18f>!).
But when she glides upon the stage of
Abbey's Theater in a few days the au
aience will scarcely believe her more than
half that age. This time she will show
Americans her "Uismonda," a creation in
which her catlike movement and passion
ate abandon have full play. Those who
see her in that role will be unable to be
lieve that the actress has passed the years
of dangerous emotion, but will see in her
their old-time favorite, who alone of all
stage women can realize the conception of
her who "lures men's souls to the shores
of sin with the light of her wanton eyes."
Bernhardtwill not forget her old successes.
We shall see her slowly fading Camille,
her passionate Theodora and her lierce
La Tosca.
AItOSSOX axi> vuitTi's.
They Ilate. Had Trouble Over Producing
"Gentleman Joe."
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.-Rudolpb
Aronson has issued a long statement of
the trouble between him and M. B. Curtis
over the play of "Gentleman Joe," which
is announced for production at both the
Fifth-avenue and Bijou next Monday
night. lie accuses Curtis of having played
him false in presenting the piece where
and how he did. Aronson agreed to ad
vance Curtis the necessary money and went
to London to make the necessary arrange
ments. During his absence Curtis pro
duced the play. Aronson secured a later
version of the play, which he will produce.
Gil* EOS'S LIHEIj SUIT.
Prospect of the Ittrfinan's Grievances
Being Heard Soon.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.— The action
for libel brought by David Gideon, the
turfman, against Phillip Dwycr, the chair
man of the jockey club, in which he claims
$50,000 damages, was up on a motion in
the Supreme Court chambers yesterday
before Judge Ueekman. The case has
been repeatedly before the court.
Gideon alleges that Dwyer made charges
damaging to his standing on tiie trtrf, at a
race meeting held in St. Louis some years
ago. Dwyer, Gideon says, alleged that he
was guilty of underhand dealing in turf
transactions, and made other similar state
ments.
Judse Beekman yesterday entered judp
nient and ordered a writ of inquiry to issue
tv the Sheriff to assess the damages in the
suit. 5
•AO AGJiEEMKW HE ACHED.
Western Vassenger Agents let Disputing
Over Hate.i.
DENVER, Colo., Jan 4.— The passenger
I agents of the Western roads adjourned to
day without coming to an agreement with
the Rio Grande Western relative to the
Otah- Montana business. They could not
prevail upon the Union Pacific to settle
the diiliculty with the Utah road which
I stands in the way of the settlement of
\ other matters of discord. Now a state
ment of the position will be made to the
Kio Grande Western management by the
W estern Passenger Association, a-id re
i newed efforts will be made to get the Utah
I ''lie to join the association. It was defi
j intely settled at this meeting that the Colo-
rado roads will retain the autonomy of
their Colorado-Utah passenger association.
.Frozen. To I>ratlt.
ANDERSON, Ik©., Jan. 4. — William
Nelson, a glaosworker, was frozen to death
last night ten feet away from his door.
REFORMERS MAY UNITE
An Interesting Movement Started
for the Coalition of the
Parties.
Various Elements That Would Be
Welcomed Into the Ranks of
the Populists.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 4.— The fact de
veloped this afternoon that an important
move is on foot looking to a rounding up
of representative members of all reform
parties, sucn as the Bimetallic League,
Prohioitionists, Woman Suffragists,
Grangers, Trades Unionists, etc., at the
time and place that may be lixed for the
national convention of the People's party
with the view of forming a coalition of
these elements and the placing in the Held
of a union Presidential ticket.
The National Committee of the Popu
lists meets ut St. Louis a week Irom next
Friday for the purpose of deciding upon
the place and date for holding the conven
tion, and that city, as well as Milwaukee,
Minneapolis, D:»l!as, Atlanta, Omaha and
Kansas City are in the field for the privi
lege of entertaining the delegates
The Illinois committee has also been
quietly working to the same end, and
Eugene Smith, the National committee
man from this State, has b en in corre
spondence with leading members of the
party East, West and South. The nu
merous replies that he has received have
developed the existence of v remarkably
strong sentiment in favor of inviting the sil
ver, temperance and other reform elements
lo meet with the Pc pulists for conference a
day or two before the National Conven
tion, and the National Committee at its
forthcoming meeting will be asked either
to so word its cull as to lay the ground
work of such a union, or issue a special in
vitation to all retorm parties to meet at
the time and place for which t tie conven
tion may be set.
Committeeinan Smith said this after
noon that, from the extent of his corre
spondence, ho was satisfied that every
State in the Union would be represented
by its full complement of delegates and al
ternates, and that it would bs one of the
largest National political gatherings of the
year.
AN INSANE MAN MAY HANG.
Complications That Pr vent the Governor of
Nebraska From Interfering With
the Execution.
LINCOLN, Nebr., Jan. 4.— Unless action
by the proper officials is speedily taken
John B. Walker of Lexington, Dawson
County, will be hanged on January 10 for
murder. Walker is insane — at least Gov
ernor Holcomb is now so convinced, as are
r.jany neighbors of the condemned man.
The Governor is interested in the case, and
at the same time worried, inasmuch as he
presided at the trial and sentenced Walker
while he was District Judge. Walker
lived the life of a hermit, and killed a
neighbor who ventured on his land. The
law provides that county officials where
the crime was committed must pass on a
condemned man's sanity; but, possibly
owing to the bitter feeling against him,
this has not been done, and he has no
I friends to intercede. As a last resort the
I Governor may grant a temporary reprieve.
CHANCES OF BLACKBURN.
There Is a Prospect of a Bitter
Struggle for the Kentucky
Senatorship.
As at Present Constituted, the Legisla
ture Is Equally Divided by Demo
crats and Republicans.
FRANKFORT, Ky., .Tan. 4.— The bien
nial session of the Kentucky Legislature
convenes Tuesday. The Senatorial con
test overshadows all other questions, and
there is no talk about legislation. The
Senate is Democratic, and can kill any leg
islation the House and Governor may at
tempt to get through.
The session of the Legislature is limited
to sixty days, and under the law the vot
ing for Senator cannot begin until two
weeks after the first day of the session.
Up to yesterday it was the opinion of
many that there would be no election and
Senator Blackburn's seat would be vacant
from March 4, 1896, until the Legislature
met again In 1888,
On joint ballot, without unseating any
Democrat, the Legislature now stands:
Democrats fis, Republicans GS, Populists 2.
The House Republicans intend to unseat
Kaufman (D.) ot Lexington and perhaps
Tompkins (D.) of Owensboro. The Demo
crats, however, claim tnat there is no evi
dence on which this can be done.
Congressman W. Godfrey Hunter of the
Third District will in all' probability re
ceive the Republican nomination for
United State* Senator. Congressman
"Walter Evans and Augustus E. Wilson,
both of this city, are prominent candi
dates, but Hunter has all the Louisville
Republican votes, so it can be plainly seen
that Evans and Wilson are out of it."
The Democrats have Senator Joe Black
burn, Congressman James B. McCreary
an.i A. S. Berry. Blackburn claims that
he is not only going to get the nomina
tion, but is going to be elected. He cer
tainiy will liave the most votes in the
caucus, but whether or not all the sound
money Democrats will go into it is a ques
tion. If they do it is argued the two
Populists must come over to him.
COMMAS l>t.R K.WGBLJBI JJEAD.
He Made a Good Record at Sea and
Ashore.
WASHINGTON". I). C, Jan. 4.— Nnws
was received here to-day of the death on
board the United States train ing-ship Es
sex, now at Yorktown, of Commander
Lewis Kingsley, U. 8. N., commanding
that vessel.
Lewis Kingsley was born in New York,
lie was appointed as acting midshipman
at the Naval Academy September 28, 1,861 :
graduated, 1865; schoolship Sabine, 1865-6;
promoted to ensign, December 1, 1866:
Lackawanna (second rate). Pacific fleet,
18(57-8; promoted to master, March 12,
1868; Hydrographic Office, 18G9-70; com
missioned as lieutenant, March 20, L 869;
Brooklyn (second rate), European lleet,
1870-2; Hydrographic office, 1873; Colo
rado (first rate), North Atlantic station,
1874; Torpedo station, 187."); Ossinee (third
rate), North Atlantic station, 1575-8; naval
station, New London, 1878-81; Lacka
wanna, Pacific station, 1881-4; promoted
to lieutenant-commander, November, 1881;
ordnance duty, navy - yard, Wash
ington, D. C, 1884-5; torpedo station,
LBBS-6; receiving-ship New Hampshire,
LBB6-8; Richmond, South Atlantic station,
1880-90; navy-yard, 1891; promoted to
commander. May 5, 1892.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
The Trial of Captain Healy of the Hear
i'ostponed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 4.— The trial
of Captain Healy of the revenue cutter
Dear has been postponed from the 10th to
the loth inst.
Representative Bowers has moved into
his new residence* on Thirty-first street,
Georgetown.
The postofTice at Borden, Madera County,
Cal., has been discontinued. Mail here
after should be addressed to Madera.
The postoffice at Camp Taylor, Marin
County, Cal., will be closed during the
winter season (January 1 to March 31).
Mail during this period should be sent to
Tocaloma.
Thomas R. Minturn has been commis
sioned Postmaster at Minturn, Cal. The
special mail service from Santa Ana to
Newport Beach, Cal., will be discontinued
after January 15.
Captain Collins, formerly in charge of
the Fish Commission exhibit at the
World's Fair, will be indorsed by Senator
Perkins and others of the California dele
gation fur United States Fish Commis
sioner, vice McDonald, deceased. Captain
Collins now lives at Philadelphia.
A Tiattle )f'irh Tramp*.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 4.—Ad
vices from Archer, Fla., tell of a desperate
battle in a Plant system freight train be
tween tramps who were stealing a ride
and trainmen. When the trainmen tried
in make the tramps leave the train they
refused to co and opened lire. Brakeman
Jones was killed, Brakeman Jackson badly
wounded and the conductor shot in the
hand. The tramps then tied from the
train and escaped. Posses are in pursuit.
A Cattle Thief Killed.
CHEYENNE, Wyo., Jan. 4. — Frank
Thompson, a noted cattle-rustler, was
killed tit Gillette, Wyo., Thursday by
Sheriff Armstrong of Ccok County.
Thompson was resisting arrest for cattle
stealing', and, being backed up by several
companions, shot at Armstrong. Thomp
son's shot missed, and Armstrong returned
the lire, killing the thief instantly.
A Voluntary Ansiyninent,
ROCKFORD, 111.. Jan. 4.— The Rock
ford Watch Case Company made a volun
tary assignment to-day in favor of its cred
itors, J. B. Whitehead being named as
assignee. The inventory of assets and
liabilities has not yet been filed in court,
and the company declines to give out a
statement until it is filed. The company
was capitalized at $75,000,
Montana for Allison.
HARTFORD, Coxx., Jan. 4. — Judge
William Hunt of the Supreme Court of
Montana is visiting in this city. He says
that Montana is for Allison for President
and McKinley for Vice-President. He says
that if Don Cameron is in the field Mon
tana would be for him first, lust and all
the time, on account of his attitude on
the silver question.
BUTTE BEAT SEATTLE.
Friends of the Vanquished Players Credit
Their Defeat to Umpire and
Referee.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 4.— Butte won
from the Seattle Athletic Club by a score
of 6 to 2 this afternoon in one of the hard
est fought battles of the season. Mundav,
the umpire, was from Tacoma, and Dygert,
the referee, from Butte. Between them
the victory was taken from the home team.
Donnelly, the best Seattle player, was
early ruled off the field for alleeed slug
ging.
In the first half Balliett was twice declared
off aide and twenty yards given to Butte,
which advantage resulted in their scoring.
In the second ball Seattle played a strong
game and kept the bail continually in
their territory. Butte failed to score and
Seattle earned two points.
The game was played in rain and wind,
but was witnessed by a laru;e audieuce.
The interest was intense throughout, Se
attle being more than proud of the game
put up against the Montana champions,
who admit having been given a hard rub
in what at times seemed' to them a losing
contest. A second game will be required
to settle the superiority of the teams.
The Butte players were entertained at a
theater to-night. Their game with Port
Townsend for Monday has been canceled,
as Butte claims they are "used up."
O-V SASTA BAJWARA'S GRIDIHOX.
High School Football Player* Defeated
by College Men.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 4.— An
exciting contest took Dlace to-day between
the High School athletic team of this
place and a picked eleven of State univer
sity, Stanford and Belmont Academy boys,
at home for their winter vacation, who
joined in a game of football at the Agri
cultural Park grounds. A larg9 number
of spectators witnessed the struggle. •
The college team consisted of Messrs.
Davenport, Moore, Bell, Eaton, Broome,
Ealand, Orella, Cooper, Kittredge, Dibblee
and Ransom, with McDuffy and Stow as
substitutes, while the city team was com
posed of Mover, Broughton, Lopez, Friel,
Kiler, Butler, Bodie, Penry, Henderson,
Starr and Lemmon, with Colt and Wright
as substitutes. Although the home team
had been coached for somo time by Joseph ]
Pierce, formerly the famous center rush of !
Berkeley, who umpired the game, it was |
evident from the first that the superior I
years and long training of the college boys !
gave them the advantage. Besides, the
college boys had a raascot — an evil-looking
bulldog by the name of Bowson.
The game was hotly contested. Moyer,
Lopez and Kiler of tne city boys signalized
themselves by their excellent playing.
Had this quartet been better supported
victory for the home team would have been
certain. The team work of the college
boys won for them the game by a score of
28 to 10. Bell made two fine touchdowns
and Kiler another, but the latter plnyer
was obliged to retire from the game later
on, on account of an injury received. No
lives were lost, but one of the local* is said !
to have undertaken ttie unpleasant task of |
digesting hve of his own teeth.
TO TIGHT MXOM.
Jerry Mart/hall Will Meet the Fenther-
ti'exijht at JCI i'aso.
PITTSBURG, Pa., Jan. 4.— M. J. Con
neily of this city, the backer of Jerry
Marshall, the well-known colored pugilist
of this city, this evening received a tele-
gram from John J. Quinn, the backer of
Peter Maher, who is at present in New
York, asking if Marshall would sign to
right George Dizon, the feather-weight,
next month at El Paso for a purse of
$3000. Connelly answered at once that he
would and the match was closed, the stip
ulations beins,' that the men light at 122
pounds, weigh in five hours before the
light, Marshall receiving $250 for expenses
of training and other necessities.
Markstneit. Content at Phoenix.
PHCENTX, Ariz., Jan. 4.— ln the gun
shoot among teams from Phoenix, Pres
cott and Tucson to-day, the individual
championship for targets was the princi
pal event. There were twenty-three en
tries for this event, which was* won by M.
E. Mo ran of Prescott, his score being 27
out of a possible 29. There was one live
bird event, which is yet undecided, the
competition beinc stopped by darkness. A
banquet was given by the Phoenix Gun
Club to the visitors to-night.
One fight Declared Off.
DALLAS, Texas, Jan. 4.— A telegram
from Griffo's manager to-night has caused
the light- weight championship fight
between him and Everhardt in Stuart's
carnival at El Paso to be called off. Stuart
says he will rill the place and the fi<*bt
will take place as billed. Everhardt'a
manager has challenged the world, Lavigne
preferred.
I NEW TO-DAY.
S^\ A STRONG MAN who is vig-
_^ > -' ; < \ ,/ ■** orous in muscular power is
j£M_ .Js^i: 'NvNvv the envy of his fellow-man. He
%^ei ' * ---_ -A I 0 '^s^v. is looked upon as one of nature's
— ;■ i ~-^- /" * V ji// noblemen. And yet how many
I 'I%'~~J &\ men there are who would gladly
Ju : l±i3^y sacrifice that muscular strength
y^ito^^ylj^a*^ for the recovery of a still more
f^\\fy precious element that has been
X^/^\^\ lost. Men are not always what
X f^^f''-'P >zs * nncr^ r seem - Almost daily we come
J'V^V^ \ conversation with men who
\S\ lost. Men are not always what
ft&rf, ■ \ they seem. Almost daily we come
\ xs^\ V// \ n conversa^ on w itb m( ' u who
I i-/ "^\\\ Vv seem strong, vigorous, but who
I 1 ( x^l )\ have begun to fail in the force of
T . r . . J'J M jk manhood, and who would, in a
) .J?'----^;_j\, few years, on account of this
XO i^ -^pm- 7 ' !ihy^W.!hj^2^ treacherous, secret waste, fall vic-
"^ " ' tims to that most hateful disease
—Nervous Debility. This is the enemy which in time destroys
even the muscular power and all power of mankind.
Would you protect yourself against any possibility of this
calamity ? Ignorance of the symptoms is no excuse for permit-
ting the weakness to grow on you. If you would study this sub-
ject for your own good send for the little book, "Three Classes of
Men," which will be mailed free, closely sealed. It is plain and
honest, and its contents are instructive.
"Your Belt has proven a wonderful remedy for toning up the vital organs in my case,"
writes D. Allen, Vallectto, Cal.
"I was prostrated with paralysis when I got your Belt. lam already able to walk without
crutches." J. M. llamer, Vinson, Or.
"I teel like a new man since wearing the belt andean give it a strong recommendation."
Herbert K. Bishop, Hanford, Cal.
"I oive my present existence to your wonderful invention," writes J. W. Nunes, Niles, Ala-
meaa County, Cal.
•'I have trice many remedies, but your belt is the greatest gift to humanity ever invented."
Charles Smith. Tualatin. Or. ■ ■■•'-■•.■-=.,-
-"Your IJelt was worth its weight in gold to me."— Robert Kittles, East Sound, San Juan
County. Wash.
"Your belt has cured me of sciatica."— Asa A. Moore, Milton, Or.
"I have energy and vigor again and can enjoy life as well as anybody."— Charles B. Kueh-
ler, North Sutter street, Stockton, Cal.
'•Your belt has proven to be above all other remedies for lost manhood. I would not sell it
Jor twice what I gave for it. I havo gained ten pounds in flesh."— J. F. Luman, Quincy, Cal.
Think of the happiness, the
•deep, heart-whole content that s s^&fe-z t -_ s s^k&dr
settles upon your mind when »
strong and manly ; I have pre-
served the gift of manhood that BB!^'*' rIT /' ' ***> **~|
nature gave me." Yes, you
who can say that, and say it
honestly, think of how much
you owe to nature, the giver of -*^ER?
manhood. Yet not many can say it. There are too many pit-
falls, too many temptations in the path of young men, and too
many of them fall.
It is to correct the error of youthful folly, and to point" out
the happy recovery of manly vigor by his wonderful Electric
Belt, that Dr. Sanden has given to the world his famous book,
"Three Classes of Men." ' He will send a pocket edition, free,
sealed, to any sufferer, or to any man who does not feel himself a
man. Get it. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt cures weak men.
Call or address
■ _„ ' ■ " ' ' ' ' '
JS-A-KTrDEKT suscthic czy. 9
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO*
Cfflce Hours— B to 6; Evenings, 7to &t3O; Sundays, 10 to 12.
Portland* Oregon, Office, 253 Washington strooU
DEMANDED HUSH MONEY
Serious Charges Made Against
the Grand Jury of
Chicago.
Bucket-Shop Brokers Who Had to Pay
Tribute to Escape Indict
ment.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 4.— ln the columns
of an afternoon paper C. P. Van Winkle
of the grain commission linn of C. F. Van
Winkle <fc Co., who was inflicted a few days
ago on the charge of keeping a bucket
shop, makes the charge that he has been
approached by members of the Grand
Jury now sitting, who indicted him, and
$250 demanded from him as the price for
the jury not indicting him.
Van Winkle says he knows of other com
mission men who were approached by
grand jurors and asked for "hush" money.
He mentions two of the largest commis
sion firms in the city, with New York
Stock Exchange connections, as bavin;.'
been "seen," and infers from the fact of
their not having been indicted that they
paid up or made some agreement.
Brokers outside the Board of Trade who
were indicted and others who were not,
While claiming fear of grand juries as a
reason for not having their names pub
lished, substantiate the charges of corrup
tion against the present jury and their
predecessors who have tried the backet
shop "graft" with profit to their bank ac
counts.
It is alleged that the present jury has
a scale of prices from $100 to $oUO, while
the past ones have r>een satisfied with $100
or a little more. Their alleged methods
of procedure are exposed, and they are
charged with being "bloodsuckers" and
"raw for blood" compared with other
juries.
Foreman Smith, of the Grand Jury ac
cused, said a more honest jury never sat
in the county and was sure no one had
made a dollar, although there were plenty
of opportunities.
-VOW' BJSJSKB A PUMSIOir.
The Hovel Application Made by a \<i
llonal Otwrdstiian.
LINCOLN, Nebb.. Jan. 4. — Icillius John
son, who helped to repel an Indian in
vasion in Nebraska in 1865, has applied to
Adjutant-General Barry for a record of
service on which to base hi.% claim for a
pension. The case seems to hinge on the
question of whether or not Johnson was
ever in the service of ihe United States.
He was a member of Company B, First
Regiment, Second Brigade, Nebraska Na
tional Guard, when the guard was ordered
out to repel attacks of Indians. The case
is considered remarkable and important
and the tirst of the kind on record, though
many others may brinj; like churns, Be
canse the guard was ordered out by a Ter
ritorial Governor, who may be considered
a representative of the General Govern
ment, it is claimed that sucn soldiers were
actually in the service or the Government.
Adjutant-General Barry will probably refer
the matter to Washington.
A. Battle. With Moonshiner*.
KNOXVILLE, Texn., Jan. 4.— Reports
; reached the United States Revenue Oollec
| tor's otrice yesterday that in a battle be
! tween a posse of officers and moonshiners:
in North Carolina, near the Tennessee
line, seven men were killed and several
I others hurt. The scene of the reported
i battle is several miles from a railroad and
j nothing additional can be heard.
56
BRAVED MANY DANGERS.
Dr. Max'milien Schumann, the
Expkrer, on His Way
to Thibet.
WAS IN CENTRAL AFRICA.
His Story of the Strange Mishaps In
cident to His Travels— Object
in Wilder Asia.
Dr. Maximilien Schumann the famous
..:\ naturalist and explorer, who a
t:ie wilds of Central
.'.. and who long since spent much
I r:i K.irope and other
countries, is in the City.
He is on his way to explore Thibet and
other countries in A--ia.
Dr. Bchnmann ha* had many remarkable
I rent parts of the world.
His work in the field of science has been
wide. :ed. The doctor has be
■ .:ed with his work that he
-: always in the wilderness, or
DR. MAXIMILIAN SCHUMANN, THE NOTED AFRICAN EXPLORER AND NAT
IRALIST. WHO IS EN ROUTE TO TUIUET.
tnYeling from one little known section of
the g . er.
Besides exploring Africa he has recently
• a good deal of time in the jungles of
:\»r up the ai^luents of the
Amazon. On all his trips he has been
r.ew and strange botanical speci-
Over a year ago he went to Venezuela.
He pushed into the interior of that little
explored country, lived with such wander
ing natives as he came across and aiter
- custom. He visited the territory
now the subject of international dispute
between the United States and England,
ar.a ijaiormed himseif thoroughly in re
gard ■ te. He says it is remark
.b in resources.
.a the naturalist came to
the states of Chihuahua and Sinaloa in
Northern Mexico. He studied the min
erals there as vreil as plant life. He had
some rough experiences, but not so rough
as when he essayed to make his way over
the de~e::- ■ I Arizona.
- f The Call will remember how
a few months ago the dispatches from
Tucson announced the finding of a body
on the desert supposed to be that of the
It was stated that he had died
of thir Bering untold agony.
"Thi? story was cabled to my home in
said Dr. Schumann, "and
cause i my friends great trouble, for they
accept^', it as true. My mother was so
shocked that she has not recovered from it
j et.
"I had some pretty ror.gh experiences
on the desert, as I had in South America
and Ceistral Africa, bat I managed to get
through at last. The worst thing was the
entire absence of water throueh a stretch
->• 100 miles. While I was in Arizona
as well as in Venezuela I was traveling in
the- employ of the Belgian Government.
"I am : way to Thibet and
- of the unexplored regions of Asia.
My purpose is to sail on the !>th inst. I
_-o to Canton, and thence proceed up
Bftt river Ya:ig-tse-Kiang as far as the
Tropic of Cancer.
• My route from there on will be by way
of Oochow and Taiping, following as much
. >1. ar.d avoiding the
variations of the frontier of Tonquin and
the little dependencies of fciam and Bur
ns ah.
"I shall the-ice proceed to Bhamo, in
junction of Taiping with
the Irriwady River, which is about 24 de
crees north and 97 degrees east from
Greenwich. Here I will make a long stop
and secure such plants and information as
I may get. It is a region new
to natural which their eyes
ha ye been turned for many years.
- ni there- I will reach tne Brahma
pootra by the northern route, touching in
the vicinity of Mangwasg, and rroceedine
thence acres* the country to Kachin^r and
into the mountains of Partuia, the lofty
spurs of the Himalayas.
"Onceon co to the Sibsa
o! the Brahmapootra, on
the left, a:>.d thus will at last enter Thibet,
the little-known land, which has at once
been the hope and the death ol so many
rers. There are large areas of it, in
deed almost the whole of it, that uo white
man has been in."'
••Lassa will be my second point of re
:.J general headquarters for making a
of the strange growths there. I
shall stay some time, but just how long
drcamstanoM alone can determine.
'From Lassa I will proceed over the
celebrated Kamber Pass, and thence via
the Kara Pass to Ciiutze-Den-n, and on
t: i- indent and mysterious monasteries of
Xadam and tskche.
"At these I expect to stop andrest prob
i mouths.
When I leave there I sha'.l go back,
either toward Katmandu, in Nepaul, to
a_ai:i reach Bittiarfa on the East Indian
•r I shall continue on the route to
I'i.emuir and thence toward Cabul, in
"In case I shonid decide to remain in
Thibet for the most part I shall afterward
h exploration of Ben-
H] bject there is to ttadjr sad cc
- : the wonderful orchids or that
try.
"Thence I will pr<yeed directly to the
! valley of the Ganges in orier to examine
into the different varieties of snakes and
\ lizzards there. Natural histories are as yet
' sadly lacking in the details of the strange
animal and plant life of these remote re
\ gions and I hope to procure information of
! much service, not only to the societies
i which I represent, but to the world in gen
-1 eral.
"I shall be gone on this long journey, as
: it appears to me now, between threi 1 and
j four years. I have hitherto, in some of
my trips, represented the Smithsonian In
! stitution, and I expect to collect for it o:i
; this journey to Thibet and other countries.
I am now waiting for such instructions as
I may follow the work already done.
••The mineral wealth will also engage
jmy attention in parts of Asia. I shall
travel in the ways known to each country.
and that wiil undoubtedly be by many
.!.«■„....„» _-.u~,i_ t *i »1 ii_\
"The mineral wealth wiil also engage
jmy attention in parts of Asia. I shall
travel in the ways known to each country.
and that wiil undoubtedly be by many
different methods. I may have to walk a
great deal and no doubt will encounter
many daggers, but I will do the best I can
and be satisfied with whatever the result
may be.
"When I explored the Congo Free State
and other provinces of Central Africa I was
collecting specimens of plains for th
logical Society of Paris. At that time I
h:ni thirty men under me. I had many
dangerous nights among the barbarous na
tive? and the lions, crocodiles and other
wild products of the forests. In addition to
these were the fevers, which almost always
result fatally to Europeans.
"Besides all these not a little trouble
was caused me by the Eoglish officials
and English explorers, who retarded me
by me various means at their command.
"I afterward met Stanley in Brussels
and we became great friends. We were
together very often, and had many a good
talk over the difficulties surmounted in
the Dark Continent.
"I was in Venezuela for several months,"
said he, "and had an opportunity to note
the natural limitless wealth of that region.
I know Bomething of the grasping, avari
cious disposition of the English, and I
have had ruanv needless difficulties thrown
in my path by British explorers and offi
cials. Consequently Ido not like them as
a whole, but I have my doubts about the
correctness of the position taken by the
United States upon the Venezuela ques
tion.
"The Monroe doctrine is correct as a
principle, but its application in this case
is, in my opinion, not clear. I cannot now
go into details, but from what 1 know I
feel that the President's Arbitration Com
mission will find, much difficulty in
demonstrating that the British are in
terlopers in that region.
'•That country is exceedingly rich in its
woods and in indigo. The mahogany is
finer than I have ever seen elsewhere, and
is destined to be the eource of immense
wealth.
"In Chihuahua, Sinaloa and Arizona I
spent my time in studying the plant and
animal life and also the minerals. I col
lected many specimens, as in Venezuela,
which I have forwarded to Europe and
Washio rton."
Dr. Schumann appears to be but little
over 35 years of ace. He is considerably
above the average height, and has rather
long, dark hair, mustache and dark eves.
There is a tongue of bushy whiskers below
each ear. He wears leather leggins and
has a picturesque appearance.
In his diary he has recorded the names
of the Baron de Rothschild, Professor
William F. Tomedy, Professor Spencer P.
Baird. the Paris Geological Society and
the Historical Society of Luxemberg as
among his strongest friends and sup
porters.
ASSOCIATION OFFICERS,
The ChrUtian Young Women's Society
Elect Them at the Annual Meeting.
The Year's "Work.
At the annual raeet'ng of the Youn?
Women's Christian Association Friday
tfternoon the following officers and board
of directors were elected :
President, Mrs. L. C. Kedington; vice-presi
dents, Mrs. William O. Gould. Mrs. Georsfe II
seott.fMrs. J. F. Merrill, Mrs. M. P. Jones"
recording secretary, Mi«s H. Van Winkle* cor
responding secretary, Mrs. George Tburston
treasurer, U r*. '. 11. Mor<e.
Director? — Mrs. L. C. Redington, Mrs W O
Gould, Mrs. Q. \V. Pre?cott. Mrs. J. F Merrill'
Mra. M. r. Jone?, Mrs. K. G. Kittle. Mr« h'
Padler, Mrs. G. P. Thurston. lira. A. R. Baidfrin
Miss H. Van Winkle, Mrs. I. H. Morse.
Managers— Mrs. C. D. Farquhtrson \f-s w
C. Pond, Mrs. M. J. McDonald, Un. J. L. Va-tel"'
Mi*s M . Farquharson, Miss M.Scott Mm C t'
Gonld, Miss H. L. Reed, Mis? I. Clark. Mrs \v"
Easton, Mrs. F. Ijams. Mrs. B. M Gunn Mr«"'
W. H. Crocter, Mrs. H. S. Welch, Mrs I 8 Van
Winkle. Mrs. I. Sprnance, Mr*. \\ J. Gunn
Mrs. M. Godley, lira, J. A. Fillmcre, Mrs j'
Hemphill, Mrs. P. D. Browne and Mrs. J D
Crui»n.
Reports of various committees wererea 1
and showed excellent results. During the
past year Gl2 young women have been re
ceived at the home. Physical culture, Del
?arte, elocution and cooking classes have
been well attended. Tne employment bu
reau has secured positions for 000 young
women.
The library and reading-iooms are open
day and evening.
The classes in sewing, dressmaking and
millinery have been very popular. The
two lunchrooms, at 514 Howard street and
116 Davis street, have been patronized
daily by from 90 to 200 girls each. The
relief committee .as assisted 1012 person*.
The Travelers Aid has a woman at each
of the steamers and the overland train to
aid strangers.
Theft at a Fire.
Patrick Norton, a laborer, was arre=ted on a
warrant yesterday on the charge of grand lar
?fD^"i Tr.e complaining witness is George
Daniel*, 4. Belcher strre;, a su3crer from the
conflagration of Jr.r,- 'J-i last, n- alle 3 e* that
abuedle of clothing, value 5-250. was stolen
from his effects at t»>e time- o! the fire and that
he has since tooDO that the clothing wa< in the
possesston of Norton aa-J tis wife.
THE SAX TRAycISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 189 G.
CAN OPEN A BOTTLE NOW
Vinctor Beat Libertine a Neck
in the Pommery Sec
Handicap.
A COAST RECORD IS BROKEN.
The Winner Covered the Mile in
1:39 14— St. Lee and Sir
Richard Won.
Libertine, the great sprinter, had to
lower his colors to the crack Californian
Vinctor, in the Pommery Sec handicap
decided at the Bay District track yester
day. A great equine contest was ex
pected, and the large crowd was not disap
pointed, for to win the victorious horse
had to cover the distance in the wonder
fully fast time of I :39'i, a new coas^t record.
Five other events were down on the
curd, but were very ordinary affairs, and
:ed but little ice" wijh the big event
of the day. Favorites were successful in
three of them.
;'j After Mt. McGregor II had disposed of a
tie', i of eleven maiden three-years very
handily in the opening rive-furlong dash,
starting at o ids of 6 to 1, and Kamsin, the
1 to 4 favorite for the seven-furlong run
that fo!lowed, had galloped over the top of
his field, the event of the day was called.
>me starters were to face the issue.
Delegated to carry top weight (ll9 pounds)
Libertine was chalked up an 8 to 5 choice
in the opening betting. The Burns <fc
Wiiterhouse pair, Potentate ana Rosebud,
next engrossed attention at 2}4 to 1, but
became a drug cm the market, drifting
back to sixes. Vinctor, weighted next to
the favorite with 111 pounds, and his
stable companion, Installator, had third
call, with threes about tnern. Four to
one was once offered against the two, but
around post time the general price was 2 l {
to 1. Little Cripple had many stanch
mends, who backed him at 8 and 10 to 1
and thf other starters- Perhaps, Thelma
and Oregon Eclipse, the latter the rank
outsider— came in for scattering support.
The Libertine money wa3 held off till just
before post time, when a heavy piav cut
his odds down to 6 to 5.
There was a great deal of bumping and
crowding and jamming about at the post.
Frozen up against the outside fence were
Doggett on Vinctor and od Sloane on his
stable companion, Installator. waiting for
the opportune moment. It came. In
despair Ferguson got down oui of the
starters box, mingling with the horses.
The field broke away, or a-t least a portion
of it did, and down went the flag. It may
have looked like an even breakaway to the
starter, but it looked a very ragged' one to
outsiders. Vinctor and installator were
off, flying in front, followed by Perhaps
Potentate and the favorite. At tne quarter
Installator, who was sent out to make the
running, was a head before Perhaps
with Vinctor a . length in front
cf the favorite. At the half Instal
lator was but a head in front of
Libertine, on which Macklin was becoming
impatient and was going out for the lead'!
Into the stretch Libertine was leading
Vinctor, who had passed his stable mate
by half a length. Doggett now began
riding the son oi Imp. Brutus hard, and a
furious from the wire his head was in
front, and Libertine looked a badly beaten
horse. He responded again, however, to
his rider's desperate riding, and in an ex
citing drive was beaten but a neck as the
pair flashed past the winning-post.
When the time, I:39}£, wa3 hung out,
the crowd went wild with enthusiasm, and
upon Doggett's return to the stand horse
and rider received a great ovation. It was
unfortunate that the defeated norse did
not get of! on equal terms with his con
queror, thus preventing the creat amount
of grumbling that ensued among Libertine
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Ninth Day ; of m^% Meetln* of the California Jockey Club. Weather Fine. Track
rasi. Bay District Track, ian Francisco, Saturday, January 4,. 1896.
488. FIRbT RAC£ - F^e inrlonrs: maiden three-year-olds; allowances; purse $300.
Index. Horse and weight. ! St. I
44
Vi
I -ta, j Fin. I
Op.
466 .Mt McGregor II. .112 6 ..
Clara Wilson 105 8 '..
471 jBig Chief 11.9 9
102 MtMraliade 112; 3 .
468 Afflatus 107 5 1. '."'.'.'.
466 j Huntress.... ...... 102 2
471 llarar 107 10
466 .Rejected 109 1
466 MubelL 107 11 ......
466 ' El Carmen 109! 7 '.'.
471 I Von Hunk 112 4 '.'.'.
Miss Lucy I.-; ~
i Sh
5U
IK
; 4 1
; 2*.
9 t_
lh
11
' 10
6h
1 2
2h
5
6
3V_
: 4>.--.
8
7
11
10
9
13 1 5 J. Walter. 2 6
2*4 214 J. Chorn : 4 5-2
5 1 1 3 2 T.Sloan 4 6
-6 434 Shaw 3 8
S*-' 54 Toady 10 20
*7, , 6-0 Pl£-6tt 20 40
3_^ ' J* -M. Bergen 10 12
7h 8 3 K. Narvaez 50 200
10 , »2 McClaln 50 100
" 2 noggett 3 3
» 11 Rowan 60 200
I Hinrichs 1 10 30
I I
1 ;0 Good .tart. Won easily. Winner, Burns * AVaterhouse's b. c., by Bay «ar-Mlss McGregor. Time
489. SEC °^ D R ACE-Seven furlongs; selling; all ages; coalitions; allowances; purse *400.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. I St.] Vi i i-_
! -J
468 iKamsln,3 95 2 IU 14
470 JFortnna. 5 Ill 1 •■** 32
47? Two tie- --r*. 5. ...121 3 31 214
(130) -Uncle t.iles, 4.. ..121 i, 4 li. 43
ii* iCo-raie. 6 113 6 6 6
4.5 ; Marionette. 3 Ill 4 ft 1 o 6 1
14
2h
33
43
6
52
1 4
2 1
3 2
43
53
6
Bte J Fin. I
1 3
23
1 36
46
56
1 «
v - • Flynn * 1-4 1-4
J. Chorn lip n.2
R. Isom 30 50
IMacklln 30 20
8_um- 60 go
C Sloan 12 30
Joe Keys.
I Be tuns.
"p. CL
tun easily. Winner, L. Ezeli's b. c. by Blazes-Miss Hall. Time, 1:27*1.
490. TKIRD BA «.-°_«. roll.: Pommery Sec handicap; all ages; penalties: value $1500.
Index.) Horse. age, weight. I St.) *A I ii | % | 6lr . I Hn . j Joekev- ~^
St.
'*
: _ i
%
Str. tin. j
Jockeys.,
' :•'. '■■* L I " II "~ i,u ' -«*-eya.. „-«•
, ' - U P-
450 I lector. 4 Ill 1 3% , 31 S3 34 -, U" Docrett ~'
443 -'b r;: :e .5 119 5 41 21 lb n- 2 5* "Sin" £1
443 In-tall.tor.4 106 2 lh H. 2 11-, 2 li* 3 4 T^IoaS I *'
*22 Little Cripple. 5.. 6 7tf . 7 10 7 20 " 64 44 j'cbom fi
(470)IFosebud.4 97 4 14 6 3 4U 5 3 .. J mnne.lv I
443 ; Potentate. 5 108 8 64- 51 6 2 4 h 6.5 Hi»S *•
(27S);Thelma. 5 105, 9 84 84 sT 8 7 *- a ! CcSn o
476 ,Orozon Eclipse, a.100 7 9 9 9 9 84 ill Marin -_n
(443) Perhaps. 3 96 3 ! 2 2 4 1 61 7 10 9 "Vp" 13
CI.
3
8-5
*
9
7
**
12
100
25
Bad star:. Won driving. Winner, Elm wood stock farm's b. h., by imp. Bru'ua-MoliiA H ti--_
l:39i.4. "Coupled with Vinctor. "Coupled with Rosebud. J*ru.us-__ouie IL Time,
491. $ fOURTHRACE-About a mUe and a half: steeplechase; selling; ayowances; penalties; pur
Index. Horse, a:.?, weight. St.! IJ. I * J. i 6 J. i Flat. Str.. Fin. Jockeys. ' **"
I I ! f\ J5 * Op.
457 Tom Clarice. 4 ... .134 *Uh '-' h lh il 2 18 13 JHenne-sy ~\*T~
457 .■:..'. Diablo, 4....1SS 7 63 IS 26 26 2 10 25 -ponce 2
462 iBnrraah,4 133 5 2Vaj3h 3h 35 Sit 3 10 Mara ' ' k
427 j Seine '-a 136 2 3h 54 4 4-410 4 -JO 20 Si ,
467 Udelante. 4 124 8 -7 Va 6 10 5 6 5 5 53 51 «-i>w«r ' on
476 -ore-. a. .148 3 54 \* 2 6 20 20 « 6 60 K.nnv II
427 Alexis. 5 146 6 8 173 767 7 7 10 Gahrdi " «
367 BillyS, 6.. 141 113 8 8 8 8 8 Edwards 8
I Betting.
j Op. a.
ting.
CL
6-2
3
6
4
12
7
16
28 j
Good start- Won easily. Winner. F. Farrar s m. g.. by IttUett-Hax l-KiTte. Time, 3:251..,.
.[<.*> FIFTH RACE— One and one-sixteenth miles; selling; all ages; allowances: purse ? 400.
Index, j Horse, age, weight. 1st. ' Std. : Vi % I **i J Str. J Fin. 1 Jockevs. 'Betting.
I ! j j * Op. CL :
(473; St. Lee.3. 96 4 llj 11 22 22 2 3 12 It Sloan. "1 ~Z^
463 iI4ttleBob.4 100 10 10 10 83 1 8 6h 2h F. Jones'* 5 a
463 NavvBlue.4 106 5 51, 52 4 2 43 3U 3X PhtKOtt 10 n
4.).-! - Bras . .-. 83 3 41 2 1 lh lh 1 li' ' 43 Hewn 10 1 . .
463 {Loa ? d'Or,5 105 1 21 31 33 3 3 43 5u3S- 20 so
463 ArtlcU3.6 108 6 61172 6*Ai 6«, 7 1 6 4 Weaver 5 -'
478:jElslf. 3 83 8 HI 8 Vs 7 1* Th' 84 74 Re'dv "0 1__B
470 Mis, Garvin, 4... 98 7 7 2 6lT 5^|5h M , gltRiim ~o PO
473iMan,3 ....83 9 9 U. 9i..,10- 3 10 9 3 3 S Tio'c. SuShtCT "** 20 i?
472 Vernon, 4 100 2 3 * J * >, 9 1 I 9 10 10 T Walker 5 0 -00
473 Mental vo. 5 108 left ...7?. ....Vfj ...... .".... .— . CochAn?f".'.": 3 "°2
St. G^rl^llevw. 0 Ttoe, .i°" : 18 mlnules °*«««>'. Winner. T. G. Ferguson's b. c, by
1 QO SXITH RACE— About six furlongs; sell.n?:
: allowances: parse $400*
Index. I Horse. age. weight. J St. 14 j y, j s; I str. J Fin. I jocitevs. ! **"
IS ?■ . ..*:"?: 8 "" 1 2ii"T ~ T 77 TT "TT ~Th~ T. Sloan. IT
->39 , J. 1;. , 5 9o 4 13 13 12 2 1 Pi — <■,._ fi
461 ITlin Murphy, a... 971 !:::::::: 4 2 55 ii .1 p*t«;_; o
(4S1) Qacqaer.B..' 95 1 ". 2 h 2H si Is *t rS? %
461 Emma H. 6. 9m|3 5 2 4 3 2 h 5 2 Ca££__htt_T" 2
1355 ?e"nieW-5 SI 2 " S.» »» 5
-saa j Jennie \\ . 5 95) , , 7 7 Donnelly 10
Jock ers.
I Betting,
Op. a.
ting.
CL
5
15
4
4
8-5
&
60
Good start.
Time. 1 -. : 1 m .
Won dr. ting.
Winner, F. M. Taylor's gt. h., by Stratlonl-iuip. Uhlan- Victress.
Battering-rams were from dxty to one ;
red feet .one, and worked fay forty or '
en, continually relieved. The lkr%- i
est bettering-rams of the ancients were
equal in force to a 36-pound shot from a
cannon. •
supporters at the conclusion of the race,
who blamed his downfall to the start.
The short course steeplechase wns taken
by the 13 to 5 favorite. Tom Clarke, who
shook off Malo Diablo in ths run to the
| wire, and won easily by three lengths.
Burmah, who at one stage of the journey
looked a likely candidate for first place
honors, finished a fair third.
The mile and a sixteenth selling ev^nt,
with eleven starters, resulted in another
victory for Garnet Ferguson's good colt St.
Lee, who ruioc 1 a 6 to 5 favorite in the bet
ting. He was. perhaps, fortunate in hav
ing his most likely competitor, Montalvo,
left at tne post. "The youngster was in
front all the wav, and won by a length and
3 ha'.f in I:47 ji. Little Bob, who was
almost left when'the dag fell, made a great
run, nipping the place from Navy Blue by
a short head.
The day's sport was concluded by a most
exciting sprinting dash over the short six
furlong course. Sir Richard, Hymn, Tim
Murphy, Fly. Clacquer and Emma D were
ail in, with feather-weights up, and some
lively batting was indulged in. Opening
at 2J4 to 1, Emma D wns once more
plunged on, her odds speedily being cut to
8 to 5. Very liberal prices were laid
arainst the other starters. When the rl-.ig
fell Tim Murphy, Clacquer and tiymn
were away iirst. but Fly almost immedi- |
ately shoL to the front, leading the first
named trio, who were heads apart, two
lengths at the half. Fly did not stop as
he generally does, but hung on and was
only beaten by a nose on the wire by Sir
Richard, who showed a phenomenal "burst
of speed through the stretch. Tim Mur
phy was a bang-up third. It was a very
last run race, the winner covering the dis
tance in 1:11^.
Track and Paddook Items.
Wi Clancy, the steeplechase rider, is out
once more on crutches. He was injured in
one of the hurdle races run at Ingieside
Track.
Ed Purser started in the day well by
backing Mt. McGregor II to win the open
in i race. Some of the books laid as good
as 10 to 1 against the once enatic colt.
Kiley Grannan made a swell plunge on
St. Lee, "chocking tne books plum full" of
$500 Rets. A good portion of it went back
again on Emma D, who ran unplaced in
the last race.
Timed separately, outside watches are
said to have caught Libertine from wire to
wire in 1:38 4-5- Unofficial times also
caught the winner in l:3t> flat. The frac
tional parts of the mile, accordine to the
Official timers, were: Quarter, :25; hull
:4'*i b ; six furlongs, 1:14^; mile, 1:39%.
The report circulated that Clara Wilson
had beaten Summertime in a work out
sent her to the post favorite for the open
ing race. Bhe was backed from sixes down
to 13 to 5.
Ma:o Diablo showed marked improve
ment over the sticks yesterday, and with
his speed on the Hat fids fair to make a
top-notcher. He was excel;ently handled
by Willie Spence.
Billy S made his initial appearance as a
timber-topper. He had a world of speed,
but the wire was too far away to suit him!
Montalvo was backed from sixes and
sevens down to 4 to 1, and a mint of
money was lost on him' wnen he was left
standing at the post.
Articus was well played to win the mile
and a s-ixteenth event, and the .-<ull:ing
little son of Argyle was well handled by
Waily Weaver (Pop). He is another shin
ing example of a good two-year-old ruined
by being pitted against a crack of the aced
division.
There are a number of racegoers that
would persist in making Emmal) favorite
in a field that comprised such stars as
Domino, Rey del Carrera and Wernburg.
may be a Hindoo when starting
against a lot of quart r horses at some
country fair, ridden by pumpkin-headed
jockeys, but has yet to show r-ome clas-s
when starting against horses of any cali
ber.
Little Bob's run in the mile and a six
teenth event was little short of phenome
nal. He was almost left at the post, y*>t
threaded his way through the field, ahd,
had the distance been a furlong farther]
would have given the winner, St. Lee, a
har i rub.
Mr. Arkenburg, one of the owners of
Libertine, was very wrathy over the start
the big sprinter got. This is the second
stake event run off at tbe Bay District in
which he has fared badly. Had Mr. Fergu
son been in Las box yesterday, instead'oi
on the ground, he would hardly have let
the flag fall.
Spanish imports have decreased by 22,
--848.659 pesetas in ten months of this year,
as compared with 1594. The receipts from
customs are 5,000.000 pesetas less than the
estimates, and nearly 14,000,444 pesetas less
than last year.
LIVELY BATTLE PROMISED.
Joseph Sham's Ex • Employes
Tell Their Side of
the Story.
THE COLLECTOR'S HEAVY DEBTS.
He Feared the Attorneys for the
Schulken Estate— Pressed by
His Creditors.
The legal battle between Joseph Sham
and Messrs. C. A. Curtin and C. W. Beala,
Who succeeded to the business of the well
known collector, promises to be a lively
om if the allegations of the defendants are
proven. Sham, after becoming very much
involved financially, left the City suddenly
in June last.
Curtin and Beals were employes of his,
and proceeded to carry on his business and
settle the affairs of the concern to the best
of their ability. On Sham's return he de
clared his intention of resuming the busi
ness, but Curtin and Beals declined to give
up the omce, alleging that Bhain had as
signed his business to them and that they
were the sole proprietors of the agency.
Recently Sham began suit for $15,000
damages, an accounting, and to recover
possession of his oiiice fixtures and ac
counts. He alleged that Curtin and Beals
were simply acting as his agents, and had
no real interest in the business.
Up to the present neither Curtin nor
Beals has made any explanation of the
matters mentioned by £bain in his com
plaint, bat, be.ng charged with fraud
ulently withholding his business from
Sham, Curtin yesterday made the follow
ing statemt-nt :"
During the months of May and June last it
became evident to myself and to Mr. Beals
that Mr. Shaln was iiivo!ved. In the begin
ning of June I ascertained that a large sum of
money, over $2000. which had been passed
through the books during the previous month
and had helped to satisfy the most clamorous
of his creditors, was money that had bren col-
Ipced by Mr. ?hain on account of a cntleman
resident in this City, which amcuufMr. S.iain
was absolutely unable to repay. During the
first three weeks of the month of June Mr.
Sham was ab-ent from his office, dodging his
creditors. Toward the end of the month su
arrangement was arrived at by Mr. Sham. Mr.
Beals Rnd myself whereby lie agreed to leava
to us the straightening out of his affairs, and
promised to absent himself from 'he City for
three months, we all thlnkinx that Mr. Beal3
and myself could probably make a better set
tlement for him in his absence than he could
ao personally if r-re ent, to say nothias of the
fact that he trai daily in der.eer of arrest.
I insisted, on my p«rt that Mr. Shaiu should
execute in my favor a power of attorney, irre
vocable for one year: «hould transfer all his
assets to me, in consideration of which I
agreed to endeavor to settle with his creditors,
si that at the end of three months he could
return and resume his business.
After the execution Of the power of attorney
ana the transfer of the assets in question Mr.
Sham left the City and stayed away about six
weeks. Durinc his absence" I settled with some
of his mos; pressing creditors, and made a3
thorough an examination into his affairs as
the time at my disposal permitted ; the result
of which investigation was that I ascertained
that bo far from s-hain owing only $-1000, his
liabilities ran up to over s*3i(.ooo,"aud, so far
from hi? assets being of the value represented
to me, they were not worth more than half
that value.
Ma-.ters progressed smoothly cnoueh until
Btept were taken by the attorneys for the credit
ors in the matter of the estate of Julius Schul
kt-n, in which estate Sha;n was the assignee,
to compel him to account for the money col
lected by him. Sham's failure to account for
the money handled in this matter created a
great deal of comment and was vent!la*ed in
the papers. He was subsequently removed
from the assigneeehip, and he looked upon
creditors as his most danger
ous ones.
In his anxiety to secure them he implored
me to disposed certain claims, in which he
had onij aconungeut interest, and would have
sacrificed his other creditors and disposed of
he did not o>vn, had I acted on his en
treaties.
The discovery of the extent of Mr. Sham's
liabilities and of the meas:erness of his in
Ehowed us that it was absolutely impossible to
extricMe him so that he could continue in
business in cccordauce with \ke programme
which had been laid down between us. Mr.
sham, contrary to his promise to absent him
self three month?, returned to the City secretly
about the beginning of August, when Mr.
Beals and mynelf had many and various inter
views with him, the retult'of which was that
we informed him that we could not work for
him any longer; that all we could do was to
endeavor to save him from arrest and wlrfVl up
his affairs and pay the money* recsived there
from to his creditors, and that we should start
in business on our own account as a new part
nership, in all ot which he acquiesced.
When in Aug:u3t, 1595, it becsme apparent
tfcs: there was nothing further we could
do for him. we explained tohira that we would
be obliged to give the matter up, as it was im
possible to extricate him and as the worry on
us was intense. He then transferred the con
tents of the office to Mr. B^als and admitted
that he had no further interest in the prop
erty. Since the transfer of *aid properly to
Mr. Seals I have heard from Sham ale* times,
but ior some three months I have not seen nor
heard of hin until the 31bt ult., when he
called and made a demand that I surrender to
him his books, papers and other property con
tained in our onW, and a'«o demanded an ac
counting. I refused to comply with his de
mand, except as to give him an accounting,
which I will do, as I consider he is entitled u>
this, but nothing more. I consider his credi
tors have some voice in his affairs, and until I
am compelled to by order of the court I will
not deliver up his books.
HUNTERS ARE ENJOINED
Trespassers on the San Pablo
Marshes Must Repair to
Court.
Emily Tewksberry of Contra Costa
County Brings Suit in the Supe
rior Court.
The preserve shooting club war still
goes steadily on, notwithstanding a deci
sion that was rendered recently by Judge
Buckles of the Superior Court of Solano
County against the Cordelia and Tea!
sbooting clubs.
Emily S. Tewksoerry, the owner of con
siderable swamp and overflowed land in
Contra Costa County, which land is sit
uated in the immediate vicinity of San
Pablo, in brought action vicinity of San
alo, has brought action in the Superior
urt of Contra Costa County acainst cer
tain individuals, who have been charged
with hunting on the lands and tramping
down herbage, grasses and natural prod
ucts, etc. She prays for a temporary in
junction pending the litigation and that
the same be made permanent.
The defendants— J. Jones, Anarew 01
--sen, Louis Gill, John O. Bouqnst, James
Louis Gill, John O. Bouqust. James
Buckley, A. Lambert, H. Lam"bert, Denny
Landergan, Fred Monday, J. Monday, Joe
Loves, John Doe Manten, J. Brornsted,
Paul Nicholman. Henry Zseidt, Jack
Storm. J. Simon, John Batesby, Ed Chevi
sicb, W. F. Soito, John Cattellan, Pact
Assiss, E. Fider, A. Schnieder— are or
dered W. appear at 10 o'clock on Monday,
•.??. E. Frier. A. B hnieder— an or
ed to appear at 10 o'clock 01
the 6th inst-, before Jodn Joseph j.
Jones m the Courthouse at Martinez and
show- cause, if they have any, why a ro
straining order should not bs issued en
joining them i.-cm entering upon the
property. If the defendants -fail to a::
--swer the complaint ihsplaintif! will im
mediately apply for the relief demanded
in the complaint.
The plaintiff alleges In her complaint
; that for more than rive years preceding
the time of commencement of this action
she has been the owner of the land in
I question; that it is , inclosed by strong
fences, natural boundaries and levee 3, etc.,
and that an a majority of the defendants
are insolvent, phe asks for $L'sO damages,
together with an injunction restraining
the defendants from future trespass on
the grounds.
The president of the Sportsmen's Pro
tective Association of this City, when
asked if his association would interest
itself in behalf of the defendants, said that
he wonid certainly instruct the attorneys
engaged by the association to defend any
of its members, but that he did not believe
in fighting the battles of sportsmen who
were in no wise connected with the asso
ciation.
"I have not beard, 11 said Mr. Ahem, "of
any of our members being subponaed as
yet, but I trust that in case they sbouM be
summoned to appear before trie Superior
Court of Contra Costa County they will
give me immediate notice, as our associa
tion proposes to fight this question of
swamp Jand preserves to the end. This
case is exactly similar to the one which
was decided recently in the Superior Conrt
of Solano County, and I have every reason
to believe that the Superior Court"of Con
tra Costa County will take the same view
of the case in" question as did Judge
Burkles in an action brought against the
Mallard Clnb by the Teal-Cordelia pre
serve shooting clubs."
THE MONROE DOCTRINE
W. A. Morrison Reads an Ex
haustive Essay on That
Document.
The Doctrine as Understood To-Day
Is More Comprehensive Than
Monroe Declared.
A. F. Morrison, under the auspices of
the Mechanics' Institute, re;id an exhaus
tive and interesting essay on the Monroe
doctrine last evening.
"The Monroe doctrine," said he, "as it
is understood to-day, is something different
from what it was at the time of its declara
tion by President Monroe. The Monroe
declaration, aside from the political events
that calied it forth, was the embodiment
of a National sentiment which had grown
and developed among our people. But
the Monroe doctrine as it is understood to
day is much more comprehensive than
the simple declaration made by Monroe.
It represents a larger growth and a further
development.
"What .hat doctrine is has never been
authoritatively denned. Our understand
ing of what it is and its scope must be
gathered from a history of our country
and the declarations of our Presidents and
other distinguished statesmen as prece
dents.
"As in the case of the 'Balance of Power'
with Europe, we know thai our Nation be
lieves that the maintenance of the Monroe
doctrine is necessary to our safety and
welfare, and like the 'Balance r>f Power'
the doctrine seems to be flexible and elas
tic, and doubtless the scope of the as-er
t'on will, in a large measure, depend upon
the circumstances under which it may Le
invoiced.
"It will be seen, therefore, that an in
telligent understanding of this doctrine
must bs derived from a review of the
events which constitute its history."
The speaker proceeded to five a com
plete and comprehensive history of the
doctrine from its incipiency to the present
day, dwelling upon all those events in
National affairs that have seemed to re
pudiate, abandon or maintain it.
"The declaration of Monroe," continued
he, "did not mark any course of conduct
to be pursued, but merely asserted that
the interposition of the kind mentioned
would De considered as dangerous to our
peace and safety and as a manifestation of
an unfriendly disposition tovrard the
United ijtatesi
'This doctrine has never been indorsed
by any resolution or act of Congress, but
still remains the declaration of a President
and his cabinet.
"Nevertheless it is an eminently proper
and patriotic doctrine, and as such has
been indorsed by the people of the United
States, and needs no other sanction. The
peop'e, not Congress, rale this country.
''What the remedy should be for foreign
interposition the doctrine does not pre
tend to state.
"The doctrine does not contemplate
forcible intervention by the United States
in any legitimate contest, but it will not
permit any such contest to result in the
increase of European power or influence
on this continent, nor in the overthrow of
any existing jiovernment, nor in the estab
lishment of a protectorate over it, nor in
the exercise of any direct control over its
policy or institutions. Further than this
the doctrine does not go."
NEW TO-DAT.
AT
Home
In our elegant, large, well
lighted new store in the
FLOOD BITLDIXG.
Steadily, healthily increas-
ing trade made the old
place too small. The old
stock was closed out and we
start the NEW YEAR in a
NEW STORE with a brand
NEW STOCK; with re-
newed go - aheadativeness
and a renewed determina-
tion to treat everybody
right and earn the goodwill
of all good people.
Drop in and exchange
"A Happy New Year" and
see our new store.
CARROLL
& TILTON,
tMen's and Boys' Clothing
and Furnishing GooiLs,
811 MARKET ST.
NEW TO-PAT.
f^ff NOLAN BROS
I f§r | SHOE CO.
MONSTER
CLEARANCE
SALE!
We take stock February I, 1 896.
I Before doing; so we will close out
our immense surplus stock at
less than factory prices.
There is only one way to make
a success of a Clearance Sale,
and that is to mark down all the
goods to be closed out to half the
price.
The people "catch on" very
quickly when they can buy shoes
for half the regular price. The
prices of all our shoes will be
marked in plain figures to show
the enormous reductions during
this clearance sale.
Bear in mind you have noth-
ing to lose, for if shoes are not as
represented return them and we
will refund the money.
We cannot occupy space to
quote a full price list; in fact,
prices will cut no figure during
this clearance sale.
Our object is to close out the
surplus of our immense stock in
order to keep our factory running
while others are closed.
NOTICE TO OUR OUT-OF-TOWN
PATRONS.
We have just issued 100,000
illustrated catalogues of FINE
SHOES. Send us your address
and we will mail you a Cata-
logue and Souvenir.
We prepay express charges on
all orders for shoes at catalogue
prices on receipt of remittance.
WE HAVE NO BRANCH
STORES ON MARKET STREET.
Mail orders will receive prompt at-
tention.
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
'• 9 and 11 O'Farrell St.,
I
FHKI.AX BfILDIXG.
Long Distance Telephone 5537.
%jj rY Save
' -\ * mJL %_*€% V %?
feWj^ Fare
toH Cuss
.-sir y*J Words
By /7
Buying |j£
$85 kh
Indiana Bicycle Co.,
J. 8. CONWELL, Manager.
•-■■•-,
18 and 20 McAllister St., S. F.
1896 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED
169S Modols Will be Sold for
$SS.OQ
CO2IE WHILE THEY LAST.
1596 Ramblers $109.05
1595 Kambiers $5.09
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 S. Spring: »t., Los Angeles.
Ha Nmtijfl Pfciriaicj, m surttU SiSTni.AY I ,. ::::r JANi:ABYS,IB96
AMUSEMENTS.
Paldwtv THEATER.-Herrmann. The Great.
Catiohnh Theater-" The Widow Jonem."
THEATER-"At the lr.n>li Bull."
Moposco's OrERA-HotsK — "The Runaway
%S" if. "
Tivoi.i Opeka-Hocse.— "lxion;or, The Man ox
the W heel."
EUM.-H!gh-Class Vaodrvllle.
esovES'a A/AX.-"Our Boarding House."
Macdoxofoh Theateb (Oakland) — Rice's
815 " 1482. '
fsroTTHi CiTrTF*— Dally At Halght street
i: i L:ork rust of th« Park.
Goi.dkn ■■re Park— Golden Gate Parlc Band
Bay Dibtsict Track.— Rfic^s to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
r.Y K. S. Spear <fc Co.— Monday. Jannary 6,
Furniture, at corner Mission and Seventh sts., at
10 oviock.
BT Wiix K. Fishf.r A Co.— Monday, January 6,
Turkish Ruri*, nt 16 Pos! st.. at. 2:00 p. m.
CITY NEWS IN BSIEF.
Th? annual meeting of tlio California Teach
itioi Losed yesterday.
: i". Meertonald was sworn in last even
: neral Wariicld at the California
Mies Hulda Anderson, a clever vounj*
pianlstc, made her debut yesterday afternoon
in Beethoven Hall.
The first annual banq'soi of the Occidental
nb, held in ihe court last night, was
uccesstnl affair.
The executors of the Fair will havedemarred
to and moved to strike out tho contebts to the
eiuk-n will recently filed.
Jack i^hea, an ox-convict and a Ylctlm to
the* morph i hel>it, ed in a cell in the City
I'rison yesterday morning.
The winning horses at the Bey District track
my were Mt. McGregor, Kaim-iu, V'lnctor,
'jom Clarke, Lee aria Sir Richard.
W. A. Morrison read, under tie nuspicea of
the Mechanics' Institute, an exhaustive essay
Ih>: evening on the Monroe Do< ;:ine.
Architect Shea of the new City Hall has pre
ral instructi \ ana for the
OiDg of the o;d City H»H and Morgue.
Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst was ban
queted and - mted with a diamond star by
his friends at the Maison Riche last evening.
Grace Church choir is arranpinp for a erand
concert r.t the Younjr Men's Christian Associa
li.-.ii Auditorium on the -3d lnst. for ihe bene
fit of the choir fund.
The weftther forecast for to-day is: "Increas
■.i ;^ eloi dlness and prospects of unsettled
weather r-uiu'.ay night, stationary temperature
and northeasterly Minds."
Mrs. Bessie Mi I :;»'>!. 2414 Pacific avenue,
obtained a Bean warrant yesterday for thu re
s' of a diamond pin stoles from her resi
dence nearly two yi-ars.ago.
Henry Curs:-, alias Harry I.lnW, a burglar,
was arrVcteii by Policeman ODea while operat
ing in the saloon of Knpp it Street, on Market
street, early ye>terday morning.
In the incjnest on the body of George W. Cook
• '.a>\ the Coroner's jury I. lamed Charles
• lriving." Cook had beenrun
over on Market street, near Steuart.
There la much enthusiasm among local
members if the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union at the prospect of the next annual
tion being held in California.
Tne cases in the Federal court against Alex-
LundiECh a:;d Peter Newbert for stealing
• • r Star of Freedom, which was ruu
Mexico, wore dismissed yesterday.
The plans of Percy and Hamilton, architects,
have been accepted by the trustees of Howard
terian Church and work is to be vigor
ously pushed on the new edifice at the pan
ic Perry and Robert Phillips were booked
■ ity Prison l««.t night on a charge of
::g*into the pawnshop of Adolph Op
:m, 405 Dupont street, on New Year's
ng.
M. C. Meeker, who was put off tha train at
Benicia last month for refusing to sign his
name to identify a return ticket, has brought
Miit against the Southern Pacific Company for
£10,000 damages.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pr.ny bas gone into competition for way-port
■ end passenger business between this
< i-.y and P<->rtlur.d. and another rate war is
ted in consequence.
It-liiis Cret k property-owners have petitioned
i to remove the bridge obstruction and
open up the water-way to commerce so that
- can go up to the land which borders
the creek and is adjacent thereto.
The lodging-house of Mrs. Jennie Handler,
•ary street, wns entered by a burfrliir
early yesterday morning and i?'2oO stolen
■he trousers belonging to Jeiemiah Mc-
Cormack, coal dealer, one of the lodgers.
The next woman's congress will open May 4
ntinue one week. Miss Susan B. An
thony, Mii 6 Anna 11. Shaw, Mrs. Potter Palmer,
Mrs. tllen M. Henrotin and Mrs. Charlotte
Perkins ?tet6on will be among the speakers.
.7. P. Kennedy, foreman of th? San Bruno
Quarry, was thrown out of his buggy at Van
i'id Golden Gate avenues last night,
through his horse shying, and had one of his
: ken. He was taken to the Receiving
Hospital.
■ivits have been filed in the United
Ptatt-s Circuit Court by Special Trustee John
rood Jr., contradicting the charges made
against him by Agent Thomas K.Stateler of the
mi« National Eank and Attorney Robert
B. Mitchell.
I'^ter Lane was before Judge Belcher to be
arraigned v.pon seven] charges of felonious
■. His p.ttorncy, Carroll Cook, moved to
b t a*i<l* tl ■ in formations on technical
grounds, and the motion was taken under ad
visement until next i-aturdav.
The Superior Coort has denied a writ of
probable cause in the case of Frank Kloss,
charged with the ruirder of William Deady.
.!> under se:iu-i.<-e of death. This means
that Kloss will have :<> await the result of his
appeal in .San Qaentin, instead of in the County
Th<? pleadings of the Pouthf-rn Pacific in its
In junction suit againvt the Kail road Commis
sion were filed in the Fed ni court yesterdny,
iratory to the legral «T':iT(rle of to-morrow.
Attorney-General FitzgeraM will move to strike
the records the coin \ any 's big batch ol
affi.iavits.
Many saloon-keepers were very indignant
when they learned that certain brewers bad
g steam beer to customers at dif
a. Several brewers announce that
tiny ar<- more than half Inclined to recognize
the Brewery Workmen's Union and thereby
Btert the bail to rolling.
Kobf rt H. Moore, a civil engineer, 60 rears
Old, shut himself at 1339 Valencia street yes
terday morning. The reasons he gave for nig
euieide were poverty, ricknen and old nre In
two letters ieft behind he asked the Masonic
fraternity, to which he belonged, to look after
his burial and take 1 arc of hu son.
The charter members of the Gold Mmm"
Kxcnangc 1 -'lay, Walter Turnbull
presiding, .1. F. Crosett officiating as secretary
It was decided that the nnuual election of
officers would be held on the second Monday
in January. On a<-<--iijnt of the pressure of
people desiring to become members of the ex
< ..Hiij:c, the membership limit has been rain-ii
from 50 to 100.
A NEW POLICE STAR.
Commissioner M. A. Gumt Banqueted
and Presented With a Star by
His Friends.
Police Commissioner M. A. Gunst was
banqueted by a number of his friends at
the Maison Kiche last evening in honor of
the rir;t anniversary of his appointment
to office. The principal event and the oc
casion of the gathering was the presenta
tion to the Commissioner of a beautiful
diamond police star, fittingly engraved,
Jud^-e Garher making graceful and ap
propriate remarks in behalf of the donors.
The following gentlemen were present:
Police Commissioner Tobin, Hon. M. M.
Estee, Judge J. D. Murphy, Hon. H. S.
Foote, H*-nry Ach, Al Bouvier, H. T.
Greswell, Chief Crowley, Greenbaum,
E. R. Lillienthal, Phil P>afth, John Mc-
Carthy, Jo-eoh Rothchild, M. A. Gunst,
John Van Berger, A. Hooper, M. Schweit
zer, H. Sinshcimer, S. C. Uuckbee, M.
Katzenstcin, Captain Wittman, C. L.
Asher, John Malofrelsky, M. Stone, A. S.
Esberg, L. Gugprnheim, Siif Stern, Harry
N euve, Major McLaughlin, Thomas H.
« uliams, Samuel Saie. James C. Nealon,
Car.tain Lees.
Henry Ach and Harry Creswell took
turns a: niii ng the position of master of
ceremonies, and at their call a number of !
gentlemen present gpoko in a felicitous
ma r of the young Police Commissioner
™, 9 tvreQ ty years of life in San Frau-
CISCO,
ALONG IDE WATER FRONT
The Steamer Afridi Brought a
Very Big Cargo From the
Orient.
SHE REPLACED THE BELQIC.
Trouble Brewing Over the Repairing
of the Government Steamer
McDowell.
Amon? the arrivals early yesterday was
the Britisii steamer Afridi, undc-r charter
to the Occidental and Oriental Steamship
Company. She takes the place of the
Belgio for this trip, and on her return to
Hongkong will load for Europe. The
Belfric's repairs will then be completed
and she will resume her regular run. The
Afridi brought no passengers in either
steerage or c» bin, but there was 4718 tons
of central cargo stowed away in her hold.
Amonjr her crew are fourteen Koreans who
have acted as firemen ever since the
steamer went into the oriental trade.
The Afridi is designed for a carrier.
Gnat space and the rapid handling of
cargo seem to have been the main objects
with her builders. Accompanying this
she lias good steaming capacity, ar.cl dur
ing the run of 16 days ani 12 hours from
Yokohama an average of eleven and one
half knots an hour was maintained. She
is owned by the Mogul line and was built
at Neveustle-on-Tyue about twelve
months a^ro.
She is 300 feet long 46 feet wide and 23
feet 4 inches deep. Captain Thomas
Goldinsr, R. N. R., who is in command, is
better known on Pu^et t^ound than he is
in t^an Francisco. He was captain of the
steamer Mogul in the Northern Pacitic
line until that vessel was purchased by
;he Japanese Government to be used as a
transport during the war. The Afridi is
called after a tribe of Hindoos in Northern
Inlia.
The steam schooner SunoJ, which was
bar-bound at Coos Bay, arrived in port
yesterday. Captain Walvig says the
storm encountered during the latter part
of Df-Ct j mber was the heaviest he was over
in. The mouth of Columbia River was
reached all ri^ht, but the bar was break
ing heavily and the steamer was headed
for sea. Then the storm came up, and
the fciunol was swept fore and aft. One of
the boats was washed away, some of
the standing rigging snapped, the bul
warks were stove in and the cabin
was flooded. The steamer was driven
back as far as Coos Bay and Captain Wai
vis ran in there for shelter and repairs.
The vessel was fixed up temporarily and
then she was headed for San Francisco.
She docked at Little Main street and after
discharging will go on the drydock. It
will Drobably l.c a week before she gets
away apain for Ynquina Bay.
The cruisers Philadelphia and Boston
will both be open to the public to-day. At
1 p. m. all the otiicers and men will be
ready to receive their friends and a bij:
crowd of visitors are expected. Henry
Peterson, the oarsman, will run his launch
Amy at regular intervals and pll the boat
men in the bay will be on hand to carry
excursionists.
The British ship Godiva arrived from
Cardiff yesterday after an eventful voyage.
On beptember lb last she was caught in a
hurricane, and considerable damage was
dore. One of the apprentice boys was
washed overboard and drowned. It was
in latitude 34 south, longitude 47 west that
tne fatality happened. A heavy sea swept
the main deck, and before J. Fhidds could
catch a rope he was carried away- He was
17 years of age ana a native of Ireland.
The Fulton Iron Work's and the heart of
the quartermaster's department of the
army are at outs. The trouble is all over
the steamer McDowell, and some one will
be a heavy loser before the matter is
settled. About three months aso the
sternpost of the McDowell showed signs
of weaknebs, and the contract for a new
one and a new Zeiss propeller was let to
the Fulton Iron Works. The first post
made was too small, and the foreman
of the shop was discharged by the com
pany. The mistake was rectified, and a
few days ago the steamer began running
to Angel Island, Alcatraz and the Presidio
again. It did not take the engineer long
to find out that something was wrong.
The shaft does not fit closely into the
sternpoßt, and in consequence" the wheel
almost floods the ship every trip. Again
the propeller acts splendidly when going
ahead, but in going astern it seems to have
no power over the vessel. In approaching
Clay-street wharf Captain Stoh'n has to
stop the McDowell about three wharves
away in order to gain control of the
steamer.
According to arrangements made by the
general, the McDowell was to have made
a couple of trips to the stations to-day.
These orders were countermanded late
yesterday, and instead the men from the
Fulton Iron Works will spend all day and
all night in trying to rectify the mistakes
made. The steamer has not yet been ac
cepted by the quartermaster.
Captain Allen will not go out in com
mand of the Benjamin F. Packard. He
will remain in San Francisco as the prin
cipal witness in the libel suit against the
tugs Sea Queen and Hercules for running
the ship on Mission Bay rock. Captain
McClune will take tne Packard to Europe
and thtnee to New York.
Darby, Leydon & Co., the contractors,
are busy getting Fair's water-front Jots
ready lor the winter storms. Extra clus
ters of piles are being put down and it is
thought there will be jio landslides. A
great deal of the land is now above high
water mark and the contractors are raak
inc rapid progress with the remainder.
The old steamer Gipsy is again to be put
in commission with Captain Leland in
command. She will take the piace of the
Coos Bay and will run every Tuesday and
Friday to Santa Cruz, Moss Landing, Mon
terey and Soquel.
A queer .looking craft attracted consid
erable attention at Jackson-street wharf
yesterday. She was originally intended
for a stern-wheel steamer, but was pur
chased by George B. Tolman and others
and litted up to work the tailings in the
Sacramento River. The name of the com
pany owning the ntrnnge outfit ia the
Golden Sand Placer Mining Company, and
it expects to make a big haul of paying
debris in the varion* rivers that run into
the Sacramento. The boat will be towed
up to the American River by the steamer
Constance, and there operations will be
begun. A description of how tne boat will
be operated has already appeared in The
Call.
A MOCK QUARREL.
Uow the Meat and Milk Inspectors
Trapped a liutcher Selling
Immature Veal.
The health officials, and particularly the
milk and meat inspectors, are chuckling
over their clever ruse to trap I. S. Soloman,
a butcher, for selling immature veal, and
inchientally over the sensation, a mock
quarrel, which formed a portion of the
play created.
Soloman was taken into custody by Milk
Inspector Dockery soon after he left his
establishment on Friday morning to drive
to the market with his load of calves. "As
it was desired to eaten him in tho act of
selling tho. calvas, Meat Inspector Davi3,
on bcinij: shown the veal at the police sta
tion, said with a great show of indignation
that tho calves were entirely lit for food
and that Inspector : Dockery was over
stepping the bounds of his duty in inter
fen with tho in.-pection of meat.
J The wordy war that followed was very
amusing "those who knew trie real iaci's
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAINUAKY 5, 1896.
of the matter, but was taken seriously by
several bystanders who looked for active
hostilities, but were disappointed.
After Soiotnan had delivered his load he
was rearre6ted, and yesterday pleaded
ynilty in the Police Court.
The publicity given the affair was very
displeasing to Health Officer Lovelace,
who called the inspectors before him yes
terday morning and read them a lecture
in a mild way, at the same time giving
them instructions to work in harmony to
gether wnenever possible.
Yesterday the inspectors were hobnob
bing together in company with Veterinary
Sturgeon Creely and calling each other
>a ßen and "Jim" ir. a manner that looked
more like friendship than enmity.
NORTH BEfi.CH SCANDAL.
Woman* state Federation Committees
Will Kpport on This To-morrow.
The committees appointed at the last
regular meeting of the Woman's State
Federation will report next Monday to
that organization.
The matter they have in hand promises
to be interesting. It is in the way of dis
coveries they have mads during their two
weeks' investigation.
The North Beach scandal will be brought
up and several revelations are likely to be
made. Yesterday a special meeting was
THE AMERICAN BARK ARCTURAS THAT WENT ASHORE AND BECAME A
TOTAL LOSS AT SANTA ROSALIA.
h"ld at the headquarters of the Woman's
Christian Temperance Union on McAllis
ter street for the purpose of making ar
rangements to brint; to this City John G.
Wooiley, the noted temperance lecturer,
and Helen M. Gtmgar of Indiana, who will
give a series of lectures.
Mrs. E. G. Greene, t^tate evangelist and
superintendent of mothers' meetings for
the Woman's Christian Temperance
Union, will address and instruct all
mothers along these lines.
ELECTION COMMISSION
Supreme Court Is Expected to
Pass Upon Its Rights
To-Morrow.
Validity of the Recently Enacted Pri
mary Law Must Stand or Fall
With the Old One.
The Board of Election Commissioners
has not as yet arrived at a decision as to
what action it will take in regard to the
primary elections.
The time is becoming shorter in which
they shall select trom the various pre
cincts of the City thirty names on the last
assessment-roll as nearly as possible from
the several political parties. This selection
must, according to the new law, be made
during the month of January.
It will take a staff of about fifty men for
twenty-five days to accomplish this work,
and as their authority to act is not estab
lished, and as Auditor Broderick refuses to
either pay them any salary or that of any
of their help until their right to act is es
tablished by the Supreme Court, they are
waiting anxiously for a decision.
If the latter be opposed to the validity
of the law then the Mayor and other offi
cers who are ex-officio members of the
Election Commission as provided by the
old law will have to do the clerical work
themselves or volunteer to pay out of their
own pockets the wages of the people they
employ for that purpose.
The mere clerical .services for drawing
these names will cost the City about $5000.
The impression has got abroad that the
general primary law is to stand or fall
with the Election Commission law, but
this is regarded by legal lights as a mis
take. The two laws are claimed to be dis
tinct. The idea has arisen because of the
fact that the same principle is involved in
both cases. One being considered uncon
stitutional the other is likewise, because
they both provide for special legislation
with reference to the carrying on and con
ducting of elections.
Considerable interest is being felt as to
whether or not, in case the Election Com
mission bill be declared unconstitutional,
some public-spirited official will find a
means of having the constitutionality of
the primary law, its sister bill, tested and
save the City the needless expense of pre
paring for primaries which will never be
held should the law ultimately be declared
unconstitutional.
The test case is now before the Supreme
Court and the impression is that a deci
sion wil be reached early this coming weeK.
It is the case of Denman against Auditor
Broderick.
Cliampngne Imports Into San Francisco.
The Paris Figaro complimented Califor
nians on their refinement and discrimina
tion of taste, owing to their preference for
fine wines, and refers to the large importa
tionsof Pommery Sec into California. If the
consumption of high-grade wines should
prove a criterion to the standard of culti
vation of a people, the Californians have
again merited this compliment for the
year just closed, as may be seen from the
following statistics, compiled by Mr. A.
Viirnier, from custom-house records for
the year ISUS:
Pommery 1. 6,000
Muram. 3 500
Dry Monopole .-. 2,200
Koederor LIBB
Veuve Clicquot..... .... 'q>q
Moet and Chandon 340
Perrier Jouet .*.*" 300
1rr0y.:..... ; 100
Sundries 1,713
15,021
Pommery Sec Is also most in demand in
London and at the select resort 3 on the
Continent; of Europe.
Os 1,
AT MOROSCO'K 1 THEATER PAIR OP
J\. opera Klas3es, with initials A. L. X.; reward of i
$5 to Under. Keturn to -114 Sieiner at, • j
LOSS OF THE ARCTURAS.
Another American Vessel That
Went Down in the Recent
Storm.
THE CARPENTER WAS DROWNED
After the Cables Parted the Bark
Drifted Ashore and Soon Went
to Pieces.
Another wreck has to be added to the al
ready long list of disasters in the recent
storm. One by one the old-timers are
strewing their bones along the shore line
of the Pacific Ocean.
The latest addition to the list of wrecks
is the American bark Arcturas. She was
built in 1866, in Kennebunk, Me., and in
1882 became the property of \V. J. Adams,
the well-known lumber-dealer. She was
one of the be.-t-known traders on the coast,
and in spite of her age was considered per
fectly safe and seaworthy. About two
years ago she was laid up in Oakland
Creek, and when again put in commission
her seams were found to be all open, so a
thorough overhauling was given her.
While lying on the mud flats a sailor
who had made a trip around the Horn on
her in IS'3B was a frequent visitor to the
vessel. He searched the Hull again and
ajrain for $1200, w iich he said had been
stolen from him and secreted in the frame
work of the ship by his messmates. Ac
cording to his story, the money was gained
in a gambling speculation, but tnough
every man on the Arcturas at the time was
searched the money was never found.
After the Arcturas was refitted she went
from here to Puget Sound and entered into
the lumber trade. The last time she was
here a new crew was placed on board and
she sailed for Vancouver Island on Septem
ber 20. Captain James Sloane was in com
mand, and everybody expected a success
ful voyage.
At Vancouver Island the Arcturas loaded
poles for the mines at Santa Rosalia, but
before she could get away H. Cooper, the
carpenter, left her and a new man had to
I be sent from San Francisco. Agent Adams
I applied to the Ship-owners' Association,
which sent a man by the steamer Uma
tilla. No one seems to know this carpen
ter's name, and strange to say he was the
only member of the crew drowned in the
wreck.
On the arrival of the carpenter the
Arcturas got under way. On October 16
last she passed Cape Flattery, and after a
successful run reached Santa Rosalia on
November 21. The cargo of pole s was dis
charged, and, just as Captain Sloano was
preparing to get his ballast aboard, the
storm came up that did ali the damage.
It blew harder and harder until on Decem
ber 30 the cables parted one after another
and the bark went ashore. All of the crew
with the exception of the caipenter were
rescued. The body of the missing man
was never seen again.
As soon as Captain Sloane learned that
bis vessel was a total loss he started for
Guaymas, and from there he telegraphed
to his owners as follows:
Arcturas parted her cables and went ashore
during a Rnlc. Total loss. Carpenter drowned.
Cargo was discharged. What shall 1 do? Ad
dress care of the American Consul at Guay
mas.
The Arcturas was insured for $6000, so
her owners will not lose a great amount
by the wreck. She was 1007 tons net
burthen, 168 feet long, 36 feet 7 inches
broad and 23 feefr 2 inches deep. Captain
Sloane, her commander, is well known in
San Francisco as a brave and experienced
master. He and his crew will come up on
the next Mexican steamer.
OLD, SICK AND POOR.
Suicide of Robert H. Moore, a Member
of the Masonic Fraternity and a
Stranger in the City.
Sixty years old, sick, without money,
and a stranger, was the burden of the rea
son giv-m in two letters by Robert H.
Moore, a civil engineer, for committing
suicide yesterday morning at 1339 Valen
cia street. He shot himself in the ripht
temple with a big revolver.
Moore came here from Denver about two
weeks ago. Since then, being a Mason, he
ceiled on Harry J. Lask, the chairman of
the Masonic board of relief, for assistance,
but incidentally he informed Mr. Lask that
he had $75 in his possession, so nothing
was done for him. The board would nave
taken steps to send him to Denver but for
that.
For over a week Moore had suicide on
his mind. On December 28 he wrote a let
ter, telling of his Masonic record, inti
mating that he might die at any time and
asking the fraternity to look" after his
body. A communication of similar im
nort he penned on the day following. On
Friday night he remarked to his landlady,
Mrs. Elizabeth Potts, that a man in his
condition niisht as well "blow out his
brains," and during the night his 19-year
old son, Georce A. Mcore, awoke and d's
covored his father gloomily handling his
pistol. Ha finally killed himself at 9:30
a. m. Just before the deed of solf-destruc
tion he wrote in pencil on the back of one
of the letters:
I, with my own hand, open the portals of
eternity.
In the two letters he stated that he
became a Mason in this City in 1872, by
initiation into Occidental Lodce No.' 22,
ami the next year became a Royal -Arcli
Mas. in, as a member of California Chapter
No. 5. In 1883 he went to Newport, Rho-le
Island, where lie united with St. John's
Lodge No. 1, and Newport Chapter No. 2.
according to his statements, and was still
in pood standing. For eighteen months
he had been sick, and he had been advised
by his doctors in the East and Denver to
go to California. The following extract is
taken from one of his letters:
I wns 60 years old November 17, nrd am
broken down'in healt'i and spirit*. When a
man of my age is old, poor and sick, and not
able to work, he is better out of the world than
m it. as ha has outlived his usefulnessand a de
pendent. Poverty aud old age are two bad
companions. Robert H. Moore.
He left a request that the fraternity take
care of his son. His son formerly lived
in Oakland.
DOLLAR FOR DOLLAR.
The Restaurateurs of This City Must
Henceforth Fay Thoir Bills
la Fall.
The restaurateurs who feel strong in
their ability to meet their bills have re
cently been holding meetings for the pur
pose of protecting the wholesale dealers
with whom they do business, and inci
dentally to arrange matters so that they of
the restaurant calling may henceforth do
business on an equal basis with all com
petitors.
Some twenty of the craft came together
Friday in Washington Hall, on Eddy
street, August E. Drucker presiding. He
explained that there was no desire on the
part of those assembled to press a hard
ship on unsuccessful rivals, hut that it was
desirable that action should be taken to
urge wholesalers to demand full payment
for all goods purchased by restaurant
keepers.
This unique stand is the outcome of a
number of failures which have recently
occurred. First. Manning's oyster-house
on Powell street, conducted by Pike,
failed ; then Gray's place on Market street
went under; following this came the fail
ures of Meyers' place on Ellis street and of
The Palm on Market street.
In speaking of these unfortunate occur
ranceslast nicht Mr. Drucker stated to a
Call reporter:
We, the men who pay dollar for dollar for
the Roods we buy. cannot possibly compete
against men who buy goods and only pay 10
cents on th« dollar, we want to have the
wholesalers stand firm and make these people
pay up or go out of business.
At the meeting heretofore mentioned a
committee of rive, consisting of Messrs.
ZiiiKand, Page, Rustemeyer, Gall and Wil
son, was appointed to interview the
downtown merchants to secure their co
operation. Already yesterday complimen
tary letters were received by Mr. Drucker,
commending the action which the meeting
liad taken. They were signed by such
firms as W. Cluff & Co., Wheaton, Brown
& Co., the Wf-rtheimer Company and ihe
Del Monte Milling Company.
DRIVES HOOK BLAMED.
A. Coroner's Jury I. a; k George W.
Cook's I). :ith in Him.
Two inquests were held by Coroner
Hawkins yesterday. One was on the body
of George W. Cook, whose death on the
31st ult. was the result of being run over
by a wagon driven by Charles Hook on
Market street, near Steuart, and the other
an investigation into the circumstances of
the fate of Charles Dougherty, the sailor,
run over by a train of the bo ft line.
In the Cook case Hook was blamed for
careless driving. Hook has been already
arrested and his case conies up for a hear
ing on Tuesday. With regard to Dough
erty, it was .shown that he was under the
influence of liquor shortly before he was
discovered run over by the train. From
the evidpnee the jury saw it could not at
tach any blame to either the railroad com
pany or Mr. Dougherty.
UNCLE GEORGE'S BOOK
"A Retrospect From the Mizzen
top" to Be the
Title.
George T. Bromley Will Enter the
Field of Literature, Backed as
a Winner.
Uncle George T. Bromley has decided to
settle down to a quiet life and write a
book.
This determination to engage in literary
pursuits was not formed on the impulse of
the moment, but is the result of long and
profound reflection. It does not sisnify,
by any means, that Mr. Bromley's pur
pose is to withdraw from the activities of
life, but he contemplates checking the
pace somewhat and giving attention to
literature as a zest.
His book will be called "A Retrospect
Fsom the Mizzentop," and from that out
look be will view the wake of his life.
Scenes of his early life at sea have left a
lasting impression on his mind, hence it
follows that his book is to bear a marine
title.
In 1831 he made his first voyage from
New London to the coast of Africa, and
was away from home twenty-two months.
He was subsequently a cabin boy on a
Liverpool packet, and still later on the
blockading fleet off Vera Cruz, in the war
with Mexico.
The volume will deal largely in reminis
cences of early times in California. Uncle
George was once mate of a Sacramento
River boat and was nine years conductor
on the first railroad in California— the line
from Sacramento to Folsom". He began
his service on the rail in 1855. As he says:
"I was a railroad man before the days of
the bellpunch, and during my term as
conductor three of the directors of the
company died poor."
Uncle* George know 3 how to keep hotel.
As a landlord he pained renown in Santa
Cruz, Santa Barbara and San Jose. He
kept a tavern like the inn of which Wil
liam Shenstone wrote on the window:
Whoe'er has traveled life's dull round —
Where'er his stages may have been—
May sigh to think he still hes found
The wannest welcome at an inn.
Mr. Bromley has stumped the State in
the Republican cause, along with Timothy
Guy Phc'.ps, E. S. Lippett, George A.
Knight and Judge Joseph McKenna.
On his own account he has made a good
many independent speeches. In the con
sular service he passed four years at Tien
tsin. China, and gained the highest re
gard in diplomatic circles. During his
career in the Orient he never missed a
function or lost the point of a story.
The book ought to be brisht, breezy and
instructive from the first chapter to the
linish. The writer has had ample oppor
tunity to study the social or human phase
of many of the illustrious men of Cali
fornia. His intellect is alert, his memory
bright, and his resolution to engage a
stenographer and write a book is fixed.
His literary work will take much of his
time, but will notcompel him to neglect
his duties as an honorary life member of
the Press Club and the Bohemian Club.
« —•> —•
Music in the Park.
The programme for to-day's concert in
Golden Gate Park is as follows: .
PABT I.
March I. Jncobson
Overture, "Pique Dame". Suppe
Selection, "La Figliu del Kegimento" Donizetti
Parade Milltaire ...Massenet
Ballet music In Fau5t....... .........Gounod
PAKT 11.
Polonaise de concert.... ......Paul Vldal
Grand air Varle .... — ....■..;. ..:..»amain
Bar>"<" fS'j'o performed by W. H. Colverd.'
Selec;ioii, "Pagrlia ci" Leoncavallo
Waltz. "Jolly Girls" Vollstetlt
Cyclists' galop ...._..■..... ..:..J. N. Spring
Custoni-Honse Statistics.
Deputy Collector Fariey lias submitted a re
port to Collector Wise showing that the num
ber of entries of imports made during the year
was | 20,855.." This is n considerable increase
over 1694. duriug which year 19.970 was the
total number...-
MILK FROM POINT REYES.
A Line of Gasoline Schooners
Will Carry It to San
Francisco.
PAYS BETTER THAN BTJTTEE.
The Nettie Low Will Inaugurate the
Line and Other Vessels Will
Be Built.
The increase in the wholesale price of
milk has brought a new competitor into
the field. When the Marin County dairy
men came to the conclusion that they were
not getting enough for tiieir labors a meet
ing was held and prices were raised. Up
rHE GASOLINE BOAT NETTIE LOW THAT WILL INAUGURATE THE NEW
MILK ROUTE BETWEEN POINT REYES AND SAN FRANCISCO.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
to that time Point Reyes had not been
heard from, but now it proposes to be an
important factor in the milk industry.
All the arrangements for a full supply
have now been perfected, and in a few
weeks the supply of Point Reyes butter
will cease and a line of small gasoline
steamers will do nothing but carry fresh
ruilk to San Francisco in the morning and
supplies back at night.
The little schooner Nettie Low has for
years been known as "the Point Reyes
butterboat." Year in and year out Cap
tain "JarcK" Low has never missed a trip,
ami the quantities of the "gilt edge" that
he has carried would take an accountant
to compute. Since the rise in prices, how
ever, the creameries and dairymen at Point
Reyes have come to the conclusion that it
will pay better to sell the milk in San
Francisco than to make butter and cheese.
They have accordingly decided to build
two sister schooners to the JNettie Low and
run them between this port and Point
Reyes. During the trip 1o San Francisco
a6oline will be used and fast time made.
_ NEW TO-DAY.
fTHEOWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
DRUGGISTS!
1128 3Vr«.rls-ot St.
OPEN ALL NIGHT.
Innyon's Home Reiiefe,
60c ON THE DOLLAR.
250 SOo SI.OO
Blase, eizo, sizo,
13c. 300. . GOc.
MAKE YOUR OWN ROCK AND RYE
FOR COUGHS AND COLDS.
PURE MARTIN'S
ROCK PURE RYE
CANDY WHISKY,
CRYSTALS, . —Cut to—
15c a lb. 85c per Bottle.
DR. DE SANCTIS'
RHEUMATIC AND GOUT PILLS
We Cut them to $4.50 per dozen.
Hoff's Extract of Malt,
25c a Bottle— s2.Bs per dozen.
SEASONABLE GOODS.
Canadian C lub Whisky §1 00
Baker's Kmulslon Cod LlverOH ..T.T.T 75c
Piso <fc Bnll's Cousli Syrup 20c
Fellows' Syrup, $1 60 $1 OO
Scott's Emulsion 65c
Hire's Cough Candy .........Be apackage
Miles' Kervlno 75c
Syrup of Figs Ssc
Henley's Celery. Beef and Iron 75c
Pierces Favorite Prescription ' 75c
HunyadlJanos Water 25«
Veronica Water ■ 40c
Angler's Petroleum Emulsion 40c
Mellin'3 Infant Food 35c and 55c
Malted Milt 40c and 80c
Nestles Food 40c
Condensed Milk 15c
Barclay's Periodical Pills ....'.s2 00
ALLEN'S QC
pure Ann
MALT UUU
WHISKY - - Per Bottle.
COMBINED WITH
CA n BAKER'S
OUG NORWEGIAN
vvu COD LIVER
Per Bottle. OIL,
Will cure any case of Bronchial Troubles, Weak
Xiunss, Cough, Colds, etc.
HOTWATER BOTTLES FOR COLD FEET.
2-quartsUe...... 7 He
S-quart size 80c
4-quartsize 85c
PACIFIC COAST ABENTS
Dr. Edison's Anti-Obesity Goods
Pills, Salts and Bands.
—
Write for Descriptive Catalogue, j
As the distance is only twenty-five miles,
it i 9 expected that the boats will easily get
lie re by tf o'clock in the morning.
During the afternoon all the empty cans
and stores will be collected, and then by
the aid of canvas Point Reyes can easily
be reached in time lor another trip on the
third day. At present the Nettie Low is
getting a thorough overhauling at Kneass'
shipyards. As soon as her repairs are
completed the new state of affairs will be
inaugurated. The new boat to keep her
company Is now almost completed, and
she will be^in alternating with the Nettie
Ix>w in about a fortnight. When the
third schooner is completed there will be
a milkboat going and coming every day
in the week.
"Point Reyes will be able to send a
schooner load of rnilfc to San Francisco
every morning in the year," said Captain
Jack Low yesterday. "Every ounce of it
will be above the standard arid the chances
are that one of the vessels will be called
Dockery. It is simply a question of bring
ing your poods to the best market. For
years Point Reyes butter has commanded
a better price than any other brand in the
market, and if we can produce Root butter
it is a foregone conclusion that we must
have good milk. Of course the making of
butter will not be discontinued, but the
creat majority of the dairymen will now
send their milk to tSan Francisco. 1 '
The new line of milk schooners wil
dock at Jackson-street wharf, and the car
riers who buy from the country producers
will now have to take in those vessels as
well as the Oakland and Tiburon ferry
boats.
MORE ENGINES WANTED.
The FJr« Commissioner* Auk for Four
Additional Steamers and Engineers.
The increasing needs of the Fire Depart
ment have led the Commissioners to ask
the Board of Supervisors for more
appliances. A communication was sent
to the board yesterday requesting that
an ordinance be passed providing for four
new tire engines of the latest and most
improved type, and for four engineers to
take charge of them at $140 per month
each ; also to provide for the recruiting of
crews for the steamers.
Super-Physical Universe.
A lecture will be delivered by J. J. Morse
under the auspices of the California Psychical
Society at National Hall, Ellis street, between
Polk street and Van Ness avenue, this evening
nt / :45, the subject being. "The Super-Physical
I inverse, Its Origin in Nature."
NEW TO-DAY.
ifipls
ANNUAL
CLEARANCE
JALE!
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
Immense
Reductions!
65 pieces 40-INCH IMPORTED FIGURED
GRANITES
To Go at 40c a Yard.
35 pieces 44-INCH BRADFORD MOHAIR
SUITINGS
To Go at 65c a Yard.
25 pieces 44-INCH PRIESTLEY'S NOV-
ELTY SUITINGS
To Go at 75c a Yard.
21 pieces 44-INCH JACQUARD AND SO-
LEIL NOVELTIES, 10 styles,
To Go at $1.00 a Yard.
365 REMNANTS, from 2 to 6 yard lengths,
will be
Sold at Half Prke.
SE lIAI'.I.A ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Ueary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
78
REV. DR. C. O. BROWN DEFINES HIS MOTIVES
As Prosecutor of Mrs. Da
vidson He Is Plied With
Questions.
HIS ANGER IN COURT.
Judge Campbell Quashes All
Efforts to Elicit the Facts
of the Scandal.
CONTINUANCE TILL TUESDAY.
Suspicions as to Mrs. Tunnell's Dis
appearance—Mrs. Davidson's
Serenity.
There were two dramatic scenes in Judge j
Campbell's court yesterday daring the j
hearing of the case of Mrs. Davidson,
charged by Dr. C. O. i'.r. vn with extortion, j
The first came when Attorney Gallagher •
asked the reverend gentleman if it v;ere \
true that he had at any time given a drug J
to his wife for purposes named by the
defendant.
The question fell like a thunderbolt, and !
in the mi I I of the buzz of excitement I
which followed, Dr. Brown, quivering with
rage, his face of ashen hue. sprang from
the witness' chair, advanced a step or two,
and shaking his linger in the face of Mr.
Gallagher, said :
"You infernal scoundrel, you would not
dare do tliie outside the protection of the
courtroom."
There was shuffling of feet and a move
ment liKe the prelude of a resounding !
cheer, when the court tapped for order >
and said in his most severe tones:
"Order, order, gentlemen! That will
not be allowed in this court. Mr. Gal
lagher, lestionsof this kind are not ad- 1
niissible, md I warn you not to attempt ;
it again. '' !
The Eecond episode was when M rs. j
Davidson took the stand to tell the story
as already published in The Cam.. Attor
ney Gallagher desired a continuance on I
the ground that his client was worn out
with the day's proceedings and hence not ;
. physically able to stand Mie trying ordeal.
Judge Campbell turned to the aged pris
oner asked if she desired a continuance.
The people did not know what to ex
pect — whether a burst of righteous indig
nation or a ilood of repentant tear?.
Every ear was turned to catch the iirst
word and every eye was iixed on the aged
prisoner, whose face bore no trace of hos
tile feeling, but was wreathed in a peace
ful, happy smile. With her eyes cast
heavenward and speaking in strong, de
liberate tones, Mrs. Davidson said:
"I trust the good Lord, our God, will
protect a poor old lady acting in the cause
of justice. If you wish to go on I will tell
the truth in this case."
Again was there a hum of excitement,
but before an actual demonstration could
be made court was adjourned until 1:30
o'clock Tuesday.
An unusually large crowd was in attend
ance at both morning and afternoon ses
sions, including the friends of the princi
pals implicated in the scandal. Judge
Campbell secured Judge Bahrs' court
room, in order, probably, that the curious
minded could be comfortably accommo
dated.
Just as the interested spectators had
settled back in their seats in anticipation
of something racy, Judge Campbell rose
and, with a merry twinkle in his eye,
said: "I secured this room from Judge
Bahrs, but it seems that the janitor ob
jects, so another migration is necessary.
The proceedings will be held in Judge
Belcher's room, and I—"
But the crowd did not wait to hear any
thing more. It made a wild rush for the
new scene, men pushing aside women in
their mad desire to be lirst, and the women,
not less gentle in their movements, pushed
those aside who appeared weaker than
themselves. It was some little time before
the doors were opened, and in the mean
time a squad of police appeared on the
scene and soon quieted the struggling
mass.
Detective Seymour was the first new wit
ness called. He told the story of the arrest
of Mrs. Davidson and how she had acknowl
edged receiving $500 from Dr. Brown for
the purpose of preventing certain things
reflecting on the minister's secret life from
becoming public property. She had acted
eimply as agent for a Mrs. Baddin, who
kept a lodging-house on Sixth and Bryant
streets.
" The prosecuting witness (Dr. Brown) was
then again placed on the stand. The rever
end gentleman showed plainly that the
case was a burden to him. He was pale,
nervous and to a degree haggard, though
he aswered all questions in the same quick
manner that characterized his first days'
presence on the witness-stand.
Dr. Brown commenced by describing
the several vis'ts of Mrs. Davidson. "At
first she was very pleasant," he said, "but
later became menacing. On the eveninz
of November 22 her manner became
very" —
"I object," interruptea Attorney Gal
lagher. "I abandoned the cross-examina
tion in order to move for a dismissal, and
I am opposed to further testimony, which,
at best, is a mere matter of conclusion."
"I am anxious for the truth to appear,"
said the Judge. "The objection is over
ruled."
Dr. Brown was then permitted to go on
with his statement concerning th<» atti
tude of Mrs. Davidson on the occasion of
her visits to him, at the conclusion of
which Attorney Gallagher moved for a
dismissal.
"I ask this for the defendant," he said,
"on the ground that the charge is not sus
tained. Mrs. Badden is the only one who
can contradict defendant's statement that
she got the money for Mrs. Badaen. The
prosecution must show that no such per
son as Mrs. Baddin exists. It is not neces
sary for the defendant to show that such a
person exists. The burden of proof falls
on the prosecution."
Judge Campbell held that nothing had
as yet been clearly established, and so de
nied the motion for dismissal.
At the afternoon session, while Dr.
Brown was being cross-examined, quite a
tilt occurred between him and Attorney
Gallagher. The minister grew indignant
at the persistency of the examining coun
| sel to secure a certain answer relating to
i his visit to Captain Lees.
"My reason for hesitating is because I
realize that I am dealing with a tricky
man," said Dr. Brown.
"That is all right," replied Gallagher,
"but don't you at times indulge in a little
trickery yourself?"
Mrs. Gray and Mr«. Thurston are firm in
: the belief that the missing witness, Mr?.
Tunnell, has been induced to go into hid
ing, though that she could consent to such
n. scheme is a great shock to them. Mrs.
Cray goes so far as to suggest foul play,
though she is careful not to give any
names as the probable responsible parties.
Mrs. Davidson says she is honestly glad
to be in prison, giving as a reason that she
is in fear of her life. "1 am S3fer here than
anywhere else," she said, "though I am
compelled to be very careful as it is. Only
to-day a lady visitor warned me not to eat
\ anything coming from outside the prison.
i While 1 appreciated the motive of my
friend, the warning was hardly necessary,
for I already knew that my life was not
safe."
Dr. Brown will not occupy the pulpit of
the First Congregational Church to-day.
Ho save as a reason the pending investi
gation.
COURT PROCEEDINGS.
The Case of Mrs. Davidson, Charged
With Extortion, on Trial Befora
Judge Campbell.
As soon as .Fudge Campbell had disposed
of some petty criminal yesterday morning
he announced that the case of Mrs. Mary
A. Davidson, charged with extortion by 0.
0. Brown, pastor of the First Congrega
tional Church, would be resumed in Judge
Bahrs' courtroom. This sent the crowd
that was present in as large numbers as on
Thursday, when the preliminary hearing
began, scampering to the second story of
the New City Hall, headed for the court
room named. After all were comfortably
settled Judge, Campbell, with a smile that
showed he appreciated the humor of the
situation, announced that another migra
tion was in order, and that the goal this
time was the courtroom of Judge Belcher.
Another headlong race followed, and it
was 11:45 a. M. before Judge Campbell
asked :
Gentlemen, are you ready to proceed?
Lloyd- -Doctor, lake the stand, please.
ourt— Will all the witnesses in the case
please retire?
After the prosecuting witness. Dr. C. O.
Brown, bad taken tiie stand, the last ques
tions of Thursday night's session were read
MRS. C. O. BROWN.
[Sketched in the courtroom yesterday by a "Call" artitt.]
on request of Attorney Gallagher. The
latter then continued his cross-examina
tion of the witness, as follows:
Doctor, I am going to abandon the line of
cross-examination 1 ivns pursuing when you
were lust on the stand, and would ask you
whether or not any part of this money— the
sjCioO — that you rave to Mrs. Davidson was
going to Mis. Baddin.
\\ Itness — I don't know anything about it.
You don't know Mrs. Baddin?
No, sir.
When this money was given to Mrs. David
son, ii was given to her for the purpose of giv
ing it to Mrs. Baddin. us she told you?
It was given to her for the purpose of stop
ping a threatened publication. 1 do not know
of my own knowledge that it was given to Mrs
Baddin.
This ended the cross-examination of the
witness for the time, with the understand
ing tliat he might be recalled by the de
fen3e if denied desirable.
J. F. Seymour, the. officer who served
the warrant on and arrested Mrs. Davidson,
was then called for the prosecution and
sworn. He testified to having served the
warrant on the 28th of December last, and
then Mr. Lloyd asked:
At that time did you have any conversation
With defendaut? If so, what?
Seymour— l had a conversation with her at
her residence, 225 Geary street.
The court— Was the conversation free and
voluntary?
1; was.
Lloyd— What was it?
Seymour— l called on • Mrs. Davidson, in
formed her who I was and stated 1 hud a war
rani for her arrest and that 1 was a police ofli
cer. She asked me who swor.- the warrant out
and I told her Dr. Brown. She said she knew
Dr. Brown and I told her the charge was ex
lortion. 1 told her Dr. Brown charged her
with blackmailing Jhlm out. of $500. I asked
her if she got the $500 from Dr. Brown. I
aske 1 her what she did with the money. She
said she got it to give to Mrs. Bnddin'. Mrs.
Baddin was a lady who kept a lodging-house at
Sixth and Bryant streets. She said she was never
in that vicinity, in her life. I asked her how
she became acquainted with Mr*. Baddin. She
said Mrs. Baddin called at her place of buslnes-s
and bought a corset, and in tno conversation
that took place the name of Dr. Brown was
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
mentioned; that Mrs. Baddin told her: "I
keep a lodging-houso and you are a church
member. You don't know as much about
preachers as I do." She then told ber she saw
Dr. Brown go to the lodging-house with a lady,
and some few days after Mrs. Baddin called
again and told Mr.". Davidson that the lady she
saw with Dr. Brown was n lady stopping inner
(Mrs. Davidson's) house. Mrs. Davidson said
! the hi'iv was Miss Overman.
Lloyd— That Is all.
The cross-examination of the witness
was then begun by Attorney Gallagher as
follows:
She told you the intent with which she got
j the money for Mrs. Baddin, and she told you
the doctor gave it to her for Mrs. Baddin?
Seymour— Yes, sir. There was something
I else 1 would like to state.
Gallagher— l am not asking for it.
Lloyd— Anything farther that yon recollect?
Se\ nioar I had the receipt t-.nd showed it to
Mrs. Davidson r: 1 nsked her if she ever srw
thatpapei bef/vt. She said she had, and said
itwusl-r-;-. -rrrote it iti Dr. Brown's study
the dictation of Dr. Brown at the time she
received the mane; from l>r. Brown.
Gallaghei -That is all, Mr. Seymour.
Lloyd— That is the case for the prosecution.
The court— the prosecution rest?
Lloyd— Yes, sir.
Gallagher- -If your Honor please, I desire
now to make a motion to dismiss the charge
against the defendant on the ground—
The court— want to ask Dr. Brown a ques
-1 tion or two more.
j-iloyd— Doctor, take the stand.
When the prosecuting witness resumed
; his place on the stand Judge Campbell
asked :
| At the meeting: in your office on the 21st and
i 22d of November what was the manner of the
■ defendant in addressing you? State whether
i or not she was i>lcasant "or what her manner
was.
<;a!lagher— Objection on the ground it is
calling for a conclusion.
Toe court— Witness may state how defendant
acted.
Brown— When she first came Into my office
at S o'clock on the 21«t her manner was" pleas
ant for a little time until I proceeded to rend
the paper and I told her it was no use to go
further. Then it became menacing until well
nigh the close of the conversation, and she
whs also excited.
Gallagher— lf your Honor does not wish to
pass on my motion I am willing to go on.
The court— l want to Ret a little moro infor
mation. I want to find out whether there was
an actual extortion committed, ami to find out
it there was anything new (addressing the
witness) on the 22d.
Gallagher— Objection, It would bean opinion
only— a conclusion.
The court— Objection overruled.
Brown — When Mrs. Davidson had given me
the document I was absolutely ignorant of the
name of the lodging-house keeper.
Gallagher— We still desire to have a fuller
cross-examination.
The court— The witness has not yet answered
my last question.
Brown— She appeared to be angry.
Gallagher— Objection. It is an opinion of
the witness.
The court— l deny the motion to dismiss.
(iallagher— l desire again at tlus stage of the
proceedings to ask your honor 10 dismiss the
charge against the defendant. First, that it
does nol appear here that this defendant is
guilty of the particular act ehareed. It does
not appear here that she levied extortion upon
the doctor. They nave failed to prove that the
for which she claimed she had received
tins money was not true. If there was any
presumption of law to be drawn, the
existence of Mrs. Baddin must be admitted.
They have failed to show thnt Mr.-.
Baddin did not get the money, and the pre
s:-caption is that Mrs. Htiddin* did get the
money. If defendant got the money from the
doctor fur Mrs. Baddin that would not be
called extortion, and if she did not get it for
Mrs. I!mla;ii it would be getting money under
retenses. J must assume that the testi
mony given here is true, and there is no evi
dence here to contradict Mrs. Davidson's story,
that she went to the doctor for any other pur-
i — than to assist him in protecting himself
from the scandal that would result from the
publication of this story, and not for the pur
i of levying blackmail ns one of k con
spiracy. Then she is not guilty of this crime.
Mrs. Baddin is the only one who can contra
dict defendant that sle got the money for Mrs.
Baddin. The prosecution must prove the guilt
defendant beyond a doubt. They must
show that ru 1 such person as Mrs. Baddin ex
ists, it is not necessary for the defend
ant to prove that she" does exist. The
burden of proof rests on the prose
cution. The proposition is: First, lihs
the crime of extortion been committed?
We claim that there is nothing in the evidence
w that the crime of extortion wh>
committed, but that this money was obtained,
] If it was obtained, under false pretenses. The
I doctor gave the money for Mrs. Baddin. If
i there is no Mrs. Baddin it was obtaining
i money under fal*e pretenses, and as the com
! plaint does not charge this crime we ask your
! honor to smut our motion. If they think it is
I securing money under false pretenses let them
bring the proper action.
Attorney Guilfoyle then took up the ar
gument on behalf of the defense along
similar line?, and was followed by Attor
ney Lloyd, who defined the crime of extor
tion according to the statute and in the
light of recent decision?, claiming that the
; present was clearly a case covered by the
statute. In the course of his argument the
latter said: "The existence of Mrs. Bad
■ din is a question of no importance at all.
■ If the defendant is Mrs. Baddin and Mrs.
Badum is a myth, then she induced this
man to part with money by fear and
threats, and if that is not a clear case of
extortion then it is impossible to make
| ont."
it being claimed by the defense that it
; was necessary to show intent on the part
of the defendant in order to establish the
criminality of her act, Attorney Lloyd, in
; controverting this proposition, quoted
; from decisions to show that where an act
i is specifically made a crime intent cuts no
! figure and claimed that the case under dis
cussion was covered by these decisions.
Ex-Judge Louderback followed his col
| league, confining himself more particularly
! to showing the difference between the
crime of extortion :u:d that of obtaining
money under false pretenses. During hia
:ir_-;ii!ient he took occasion to remark that
, the crime of blackmail under the circuru
stances testified to in this case was one to
, which women who had once been con
j victed ot some offense were peculiarly
; addicted when they ran short of money.
| The crime, he said, "was very common in
, this and all large cities of the Union. He
then called attention to that part of Dr.
! Brown's testimony in which Sirs. David
; son claimed to have power over Mrs.
| Baddin from the fact that she was in
' possession of a dark secret in her life.
REV. DR. C. O. BROWN' ON THE WITNESS . STAND.
[Sketched yesterday by a " Call" artist.]
This, he said, was no new proposition. It
was, he said, the course that was fre
quently resorted to by blackmailers.
In his closing argument Attorney Gal
lagher said: ''The receipt he demanded
from Mrs. Davidson to protect him (Dr.
Brown) showed he was afraid of such a
secret. Mrs. Davidson never since tried
to levy further blackmail on him. Does
that show that she had any personal in
terest in the matter so far ns the money is
concerned? This motion is made in char
ity for the protection of the prosecuting
witness. We wish to prevent further pub
lication of this scandal — to prevent de
fendant going on the stand and telling all
she knows regarding this secret of Dr.
Brown's."
At the conclusion of his argument At
torney Gallagher asked the court to take
the matter under advisement, as the de
! fense, and perhaps the prosecution, might
j want to bring further authorities to the
notice of the court. Attorney Lloyd said
j he was willing to have the court take the
j matter under advisement, bat the court
■ stated that he required no time to make
his decision, speaking as follows:
I think that all the facts nnd the testimony
atnl the actions of the defendant in the office
of the prosecuting witness establish in my
mind that she went tnere for the purpose of
j frightening Dr. Brown Into paying her money.
Ber action and manner, as described by the
. prosecuting witness, show this, she did nol
go there in a kind, Christian spirit to protect
him. She went there, 1 think, from the man
ner described, toobtain money irom Dr. Brown
for herself, it seems that way to me. Admit
ting nli these facts to be true, she went there
and became excited, produced this receipt and
refused to give the name of the nameless
woman and said it would be no use for Dr.
Brown to see the woman. The motion is de
nied. Exception noted by defense.
Gallagher— Take the stand, Dr. Brown.
At this point one of the attorneys an
nounced that he had begun to suffer from
the pangs of hunger and suggested that a
recess be taken. The court was then ad
journed to 2:16.
It was 2:35, however, before the proceed
ings were resumed. Dr. Brown was re
called for further cross-examination and
was asked by Attorney Gallagher regard
ing a paper that he had prepared ami given
to the press of the City immediately after
the arrest of Mrs. Davidson. Dr. Brown
had been instructed by the court to have
this document in court, but confessed that
he had forgotten about it and immediately
dispatched his son, who was present, for
the missing paper.
Attorney Lloyd endeavored to prevent
the introduction of this paper by com
pelling the defense to state the exact pur
port of it; but Mr. Gallagher refused to
commit himself further than to say that
the paper he wanted was the one that ]>r.
Brown had read to the newspaper report
ers in the office of Captain Lees on the
day that Mrs. Davidson was arrested and
which appeared in the morning papers of
the following day, concluding: "I don't
propose to be tricked."
Awaiting the return of Dr. Brown's son
Attorney Gallagher resumed the cross
examination of the witness, us follows:
Doctor, did you have any conversation about
Mrs. Baddin, or about the nameless woman
whom you afterward learned was Mrs. Bad
din, prior to the 21st of November with Mrs.
Davidson ?
Objection on the ground that the ques
tion did not relate to the three occasions
offered in the direct examination of the
witness.
Attorney Gallagher— l am asking It for the
purpose of contradicting the witness regard
ing matters that occurred on these three occa
sions. If I can show that he lias made a state
ment that at the time he saj"s this conversa
tion was held it was held in her rooms,
and not in the church at all-, I have a right to
ask this question. I want to show that the
action of Mrs. Davidson mid her demand did
not occur in the church, but in her house, and
I want to show it by his own statement. lam
asking him now fi he had any previous meet
ing whore Mrs. Baddeu was mentioned. I want
to fisk this for the purpose of showing the
credibility of witness, and also the intent with
vvhich Mrs. Davidson went to the church and
all her meetings with witness.
Objection sustained.
Gallagher— Did yon not, In the latter part of
December, 1894, make a confession freely and
as follows to the defendant that you loved a
friend with a love far exceeding that for your
Wife and thnt the woman was Miss Nettie
Overman? Did you make any such confes
sion?
Lloyd (to witness)— Wait a moment. (To
court)— Objection on the ground that it is not
proper cross-examination, ns it does not re
fer i" the three occasions covered in the direct
examinations of the witness.
Brown— l would like to answer that ques
tion.
Lloyd— Don't you answer any question until
you are permitted.
(inllaghcr— l protest to the action of the wit
ness and his counsel. They should not be per
mitted to give us these displays, which are
made for the purpose of givingthe public the
impression that the witness is willing to an
swer these questions. (To witness)— Did you
not in the month of August, 1895, tell de
fendant that you had given Mrs. Tunnell $10
to be given to Mattie Overman?
Objection on same ground as before.
Sustained.
(lallagher (to court)— l ask this question for
the purpose of showing the intent with which
the defendant acted. (To witness)— Did you
not in August, 1895. call at the defendant's
house and leave the sum of $3.") with the de
fendant for Miss Overman, saying that you
desired to assist Miss Overman?
Objection on same grounds as before.
Same ruling.
The court— l don't see why you Insist on ask
iue these questions.
GpUfoyle— l will explain why we take this
position. If the witness should die the prose
cution would have the right to read his testi
mony, and we usk these questions so that
when we go to the Superior Court and the wit
ness dies and goes out of the State we may pro
tect the defendant in her right. We want to
be in a position to raise the point of the ad
lnissibihty of the statement of witness.
I.loyd— one question of that kind is enough
lor the Superior Court to base its decision
upon.
Gallagher— Did not the defendant on the oc
casion last mentioned, August, 1895, ask you
if you still cherished the old unlawful love" for
Miss Overman? And did you not reply: "I do
not wish to have anything more to do with
her, and that she may not hove any reason to
see me I will pay you the money to give to
her?"
Objection on the same ground. Same
ruling.
Did you not call in the month of December,
1805. and remain at the defendant's house and
remain with Mlw Overman and the defendant
two hours, and when you were leaving did you i
not hand Misa Overman .*35 in the presence of
defendant,?
Objection on the same ground. Same
ruling.
Did yon visit Syracuse within the last year?
Brown — I did.
\\ hen did you return?
I think I arrived here on the 7th of Novem
ber, 1 >•!<;>.
Soon after your return from Syracuse did you
call (in defendant and hand her $35 for Miss
Overman?
Objection on the same ground. Same
ruling.
Was Deacon Mor?e present at any of the
meetings at the church?
Objection on the same ground. Same
ruling.
At the time when I have asked when Deacon
Morse was present, did Deacon Kerr come into ',
the same room? . SrS
Same objection. Same ruling. .
Did you have any conversation with this de
fendant on the 19th of November when either
Deacon Kerr or Deacon Morse was present?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did you not at one of those meetings on the
21st or 22d of November, 1895, make a con
fe.-sion to this defendant tnat you had fur
nished some medicine— ergot — \6 Miss Over
man to effect a certain purpose?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did yon at any other time make a confession
to Mrs. Davidson that you had furnished ergot
to Miss Overman for this certain purpose?
At this point tlie witness began to show
signs of deeD and suppressed passion and
was about to make a vehenent reply when
he was stopped, and ever alert and "always
calm Mr. Lloyd made the usual objection.
Attorney Guilfoyle then argued the ad
missibiiity of this question as follows:
We offer this evidence for this reason: If it
be true and he did give this woman ergot he
was guilty of a felony, and if he entered into
negotiations with this woman he was guilty
with this woman. If we can prove this there
must be more corroborative evidence to sus
tain this charge against this defendant. We
Wish to prove that this stale of affairs did
exist: that defendant and Brown entered into
a conspiracy to keep from a magistrate the
commission of a felony, and that he is an ac
cessory io the fact. We contend that both par
ties were conspirators to this extent, that they
conspired to keep the facts from the ears of a
magistrate.
Objection sustained.
Gallagher— Did not the defendant speak to
yon oi the enormity of the crime of giving
ergot to the woman.
Same objection. Same ruling.
Gallagher— Did you not Eay, "My wife takes
ergot for this purpose?"
This was th* last straw, and the passion
of the witness burst its bounds. He
writhed in his seat for a second or two,
and then blurted out in tones of deepest
linger and indignation: "You are an in
famous man." And with these words he
half rose from his seat, preparatory, ap
parently, to making an attack on the of
fending attorney. He was checked, how
ever, by his watchful attorney.
But his denunciatory remark was not
ignored by Mr. Gallagher, who made a
prompt and almost equally passionate re
ply, as follows:
Inm not so infamous as you are. If I were I
would drown myself. .1 am not. like you, try
ing to shield myself behind the law.
Lloyd— The witness should not be blamed.
I would knock any man down who made any
reference to my wife as was made to that of the
witness.
Gallagher— He should answer my questions
like a man — an innocent man — and as a
preacher should.
Lloyd— Counsel has no right to insult the
witness under the guise of Keeping the record |
true.
Gallagher— My client told me these are facts,
and I believe her. No one can run a bluff on
mo. (To witness)— Did defendant tell you that
Miss Overman complained to her that the medi
cine you gave her had made her sick?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did you use these words to the defend
ant: "i am not such a bud man, and love
Mattie, and trill do right by her, but I don't
wish to liuve her around me any more. In
faoi, she must not come to my office as she did
lo,st week. Mr. Tike may tell" things."
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did defendant call at your office on any Sun
day in December?
Some objection. Same ruling.
Did defendant call at your office on any Sat
urday in December, and did you sty to defenda
nt: "God will keep me now. 1 put myself
wholly in his hands"?
Same objection. Same ruling.
And in the same conversation did you not
say: "I will continue to pay Miss Overman $35
a month, for I have wronged her, but keep this
secret for me"?
Same objection. Same ruling. Excep
tion noted.
I want to ask where it was the defendant
first spoke to you of a threat made by anybody
to expose you?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did you have a conversation with this de
fendant a few days before the 21st of Novem
ber, when there were no persons present but
yourself and her, about a woman who she told
you had made a threat to expose you?
Same objecVion. Same ruling.
Prior to November 81 did you have any con
versation with defendant at all regarding the
woman who had threatened to expose him,
Mrs. Baddin.
Objection sustained.
At any time in conversation with defendant
about the woman who had threatened to ex
pose you did you say to her, "You might never
see her again, but at any rate keep her away
f rom me. She must not come to my office."
This is in relation to the Baddin woman.
Objection sustained.
At any 01 these interviews or any interviews
you have ever had with Mrs. Davidson in rela
tion to this threat to expose you, was Miss
Overman present?
Objection sustained.
At any of the meetings at which you had a
conversation with Mrs. Davidson, testified to
by you here, was Miss Overman present ?
Witness — She was not present.
Did you ever make any attempt or did you
ever request Mrs. Davidson to procure rooms
ior you over Liebes' store for you and for Miss
Overman?
Objection sustained.
Did you ever ask her to give you a duplicate
key to a room over Liebes' store?
Objection sustained.
Do you know where Miss Overman has been
living for the last week?
Objection sustained.
Did you see Miss Overman on or about the
22d or 23d of December, 1895 ?
Objection sustained.
Do you remember stating anything In your
direct examination to the effect that you had
any conversation at all with Miss Overman
concerning Mrs. Davidson ?
Witness— l don't recollect that I made any
statement to Miss Overman about Mrs. David"-
BOn.
Did you have any conversation with Miss
Overman concerning Mrs. Davidson's conduct
and in the presence of Mrs. Davidson?
Objection sustained.
What motive, if any, did you have for hav
ing Mrs. Davidson arrested ?
Lloyd— Wait. The motive has nothing to do
with the offense.
Gallagher— We claim that the- prosecuting
witness may be expecting to gain the good
opinion of the community by .succeeding in
sending this woman to jail by creating the idea
that her story was not true.
Objection overruled.
Witness —My motive was to punish tke
woman ior doing a wrong thing in taking my
money. That was my only motive. To rid the
community of a blackmailer.
Have you employed special counsel to prose
cute this case?
Yes.
At this point it was announced that Dr.
Brown's son had returned with the writ
ten statement that Attorney Gallagher had
asked for. After considerable contention
on the part of the opposing attorneys it
was allowed to go in as evidence. Dr.
Brown had shown considerable hesitancy
in acknowledging that this was the paper
that he had read to the newspaper report
ers, but finally did unqualitiedly make the
admission. This led Attorney Gal.agher
to ask him why he had not been frank in
! the matter, and Dr. Brown replied:
Because you're a tricuy man. I realized I
was dealing with a tricky man. That is all.
Gallagher— It was not because you are a little
tricky yourself?
Objection sustained.
Attorney Gallagher then produced the
statement of Dr. Brown as printed in The
Call, statin? that it was easier for him to
read the print, and began to question the
witness with reference to it. His reason
for this, as explained to the court, was
that he desired to show that the statement
showed that what the witness had said
was done on the 21st or 22d of November
was not done as ho stated. He made
comparisons between the witness' testi
mony on direct examination and that in
the written statement, for the purpose of
showing that the witness had testified
differently from what he had written for
the iniormaiion of the newspapers. These
apparent contradictions were explained by
the prosecution by stating that the \vrit
ten statement was a narrative of all the
circumstances connected with the alleged
blackmailing, written without regard to
specifying time and place, when and where
particular incidents occurred.
Attorney Gallagher finally struck a new
lead. He asked :
Did she iii either of those interviews at the
church refer to the enemies you had made
during the Herron discussion?
I think there was a reference. I am not
absolutely sure about that. There was a refer
ence to my enemies.
You only remember one conversation in
which there was any reference to your enemies?
Objection sustained.
Did she say to you in this conversation at
the church that the young lady herself would
swear that what the lodging-house keeper
stated was true?
She said in the first conversation that the
young lady herself would be one of the three
persons who would sustain the lodging-house
charge. That conversation occurred at S
o'clock in the evening.
That was in the church, was it?
Yes, sir.
Did she in that conversation tell you of the
state of the public mind, etc.? Did she tell
you that the lodging-house keeper demanded
$2000?
No, she did riot.
How many times did Mrs. Davidson tell you
that the lodging-house keeper wanted money?
Objection sustained. Exception taken.
Here Attorney Gallagher went off on
another tack, and in response to his inter
rogatories the witness stated that lie was
born near Battle Creek, Mich., that he was
40 years of age on the 2d of last July, that
he was ordained as a minister nt Grand
Ledge, Mich., in 1575, that his first pas
torate was at Rochester, Mich., that it be
gan in September, IS7G, and continued for
one year, that he next was called to Gales
burg, Mich., where he served for one year,
then he went to Kalamazoo, remaining
five years, thence to Dubuque, lowa, for
the same period, and to Tacoma, Wash.,
five years ago on the 11th of December,
where he remained for a year aad a half.
Gallagher— Did you get acquainted with
Martha Overman at Tacoma?
Objection on the ground of immaterial
ity, etc., sustained.
Dr. Brown then further testified as
follows:
I left Tacoma the first week in August, 1892.
I have been back several times and returned
there once in the company of Mattie Overman.
Gallagher— ln what capacity did she go
along? v.:^;;
Objection on the ground of immaterial
ity. Objection sustained.
Did you give the defendant here, before her
conversation about the nameless woman, Mrs.
Badden, any instruction to make any arrange
ment for you on the 21st or 22d of November?
Witness— l never made Mrs. Davidson my
agent in any sense w"hatever.
Gallagher— l move to strike out the answer
of the witness as not being responsive.
So ordered.
On the question being repeated the witness
replied: I did not.
Did. you tell her to see Mrs. Badden and to
keep the thing quiet?
I never did.
When you dictated that receipt you fur
nished all the words used therein, did you not'
I think so. .
Why did you dictate it in the shape it is in?
1 had one main reason in dictating that doc
ument. I wanted to get the name of that
nameless woman.
Did ' you believe that there was such a
wonsßn?
At the time I did not believe there was.
You wrote that, then, thinking you were fool
ing tier?
1 dictated that in accordance with her state
ment that there was another woman.
Did you insist on putting the woman's name
in the contract for the purpose of inakir.e Mrs
Davidson believe that you believed her storr?
No, I did not. I wanted to get that name for
the police to work upon.
How long after that did the police work
on it?
Two or three weeks. A little more than three
weeks.
Whom did you see when you went to sec the
police?
I first saw Captain Lees.
Was anybody with you?
Deacon Morse.
Did you make any statement to Captain
Lee*?
1 did. It was not in writing tomyknowl
edge.
What did you say to Captain Lees when you
Objection sustained. Exception taken.
How long after you went to Captain Lees
with this statement was the defendant ar
rested, if you remember?
I went to Captain Lees on Monday, and tl.e
defendant was arrested on the following Satur-
Why did you postpone going to the office for
tnr &j \v 0 6 1* > .'
Objection overruled.
I had not yet become absolutely sure In mv
own mind that Mrs. Baddin and her lodcerj
were mythical persons.
Whin has occurred since that time -between
the time you gave this money to Mr«. Da>
and the time you saw Captain Leo ? What oe
u"!7-f- tn ri -' ml - v fix this In roar mind ihat Mrs
Baddin was a mythical person?
Objection sustained. Exception taken.
You cay, now, under oath, of your own
knowledge that Mrs. Baddin is a mythical
person ?
Objection overruled.
I don't know that any Mr?. Baddin exists.
Did you not believe the statement o[ Mrs.
Davidson was true, and did you not part with
your I*soo by reason of the Statement made to
you by Mrs. Davidson ?
Objection on the ground that the ques
tion was indefinite and uncertain was sus
tained.
Did you not believe that the statement of
Mrs. Davidson that Mrs. Baddin would expose
you unless you pave her #500, and did you not
give her the $500 for the reason that you be
lieved the statement made by Mrs. Davidson T
Objection on the ground that the truth
or falsity of Mrs. Davidson's story was im
material was sustained.
Did you not believe the statement of Mrs.
Davidson that Mrs. Baddin would expose you
unless she got $500 the next day?
Same objection. Same ruling.
Did you believe fr m Mrs. Davidson's state
ment that Mrs. Baddin would say something
about you that you did not want her to say
whether it was true or false ?
Objection overruled.
Yes, I did believe that this nameless woman
would publish a statement.
Did you not part with your $500 by reason
of the statement made by Mrs. Davidson ?
Yus, sir.
This closed the cross-examination of Dr.
Brown, and Attorney Gallagher's an
nouncement of that faci elicited from Mr.
Lloyd an excited admonition to Dr. Brown,
in a jocular manner, to make haste and
leave the stand, as the defense might
chance its mind.
''Next witness," came from the court,
and this brought Attorney Gallagher to his
feet again to ask the court if he intended
to go on with the case.
The court— l want to get through with this
to-nipht.
Gallagher— l don't think you will get through
with iho defendant if I put her on the stand,
and I shall refuse to allow her to return for
cross-examination.
Louderbnck— l."t us adjourn to to-night.
Gallagher— l want to iinish her examination
to-ni^ht.
I,ourierback— Let us try.
Lloyd— We will go as far as we can.
Gallagher— Mrs. Davidson, take the stand.
Before she was sworn. Judge Campbell
asked her: "Madam, do you desire to
testify in your own behalf ?' r
Gallagher— l must really protest againit
going on with the examination of this witness
hi this time. She informed me it would be im
possible for her to testify fully to-night. She
is an old lady t>o years of age and we protest
against this." She is sick and worn out.
There was some further discussion be
tween the attorney and the court, which
Mr?. Davidson interrupted by saying: "I
am not sick, but very much physically
fatigued, but lam willing to go on. I put
my trust in the good Lord, my God. who I
believe will protect a poor old lady acting
in the cause of justice, and if you want to
go on I will endeavor to speak the truth in
this case."
After Judge Campbell had expressed his
willingness to go on with the case at any
time providing .he could get a suitable
courtroom, as he did not care to sit in his
own uncomfortable quarters, the case
was continued to 1:30 i\ m. Tuesday next.
MRS. GRAY'S BELIEF.
She Thinks That the Disappearance
of Mrs. Tunnell Portends
Evil.
Mrs. Gray, who keeps the lodging-house,
1041 Mission street, where Mrs. Tunnell
roomed, made the following statement to
a Call representative last night:
It is beyond my comprehension whr Mrs.
Tunnell, ii she is the good Christian woman
we all believe her to be, should >v mysteriously
remain in hiding, but I am confident that she
is being influenced by a v, ill stronger than ht-r
own, which prevents hor from coming out and
clearing her>.-!i ol the clond of suspicion in
which she is at present Involved.
It is difficult to believe that a woman who
has been as earnest and faithful in her work
for Christianity as Mrs. Tunnell would lend
her aid to a crime or be guilty of wrongdoing
of any kind.
Tiie" more I think of it the deeper grows the
mystery, and while I would not for a moment
say or hardly aliq-.v myseli to think other than
that Mrs. Tunnell U&< been induced to remain
in biding until this scandal baa quieted down.
I am certain that other people have <j i > m j >-
peared and have never again been seen in this
world for being Implicated In matters ol much
rnificance th □ the one in which Mrs.
Tunnell is invoh ■
The last I saw of Mrs. Tunnell was on last
Sunday morning, and upon thinking of the
manner in which she made her departure from
my house, I confess that I am mystified, and
also completely baffled in an endeavor b
my mind regarding her most mysterious dis
appearance.
.Early last Sunday morning, a young man.
whom I should judge to be about 20 years of
age. stylishly dressed arid wearing a startled
expression on his tare, came to the door with
a message addressed to Mrs. Tunnell. At the
time 01 the young man's arrival Mrs. Tunnell
was in bed, but on reading the note she ap
peared to be much disconcerted, and after
hastily dressing she told me that ahe had
been summoned by Dr. Broun, and that she
would be hack later in the evening.
She took none of her clothing with hpr other
than that she had on, and this fact lend! color
to my belief that she intended to return tor
it, but as she has not as yet sent for her
trunk or any other of her effects, herdi-at.
pearance begins to assume a very grave 11 not
startling appearance.
During her stay in the house Mr?. Tunnell
spoke a number of times regarding her friend
snip nnd regard tor Miss overman, and it is
evident that they were very di-ar friends or
else that they had interests in common from
a number of episodes irnich at the time of
their taking place appeared la be common*
place enough, but, on careful study, assume a
murt- important n-.
A week ago last Tuesday M.s-s Overman
called at my house ar.n askeo to see Mrs. Tun
nell, but 1 informed her That the ledv she was
seeking was not in. Snejnade her departure
and, us I informed a Call reporter yesterday,
she returned last Saturday and, meeting my
husband, inquired aa to whether the
procure 11 room in the house, and, being an
swered in the aflirmntive, she selected s
and promised to se:;d her trunk down the next
day at noon and that she would conic Inter in
the day. but she did not do as she promised.
In addition to this fact. Mis. Tunnel! made
her departure, which greatly added to my dis
appointment.
I first met Mrs. TunneH at a lecture given
last May in Golden Rule Hall, under the aus
NEW TO-DAT.
S^FT^VZ SELECT
/V,C| the
GOOD,
BAD
Suggestive when buyins S!ioe3. Over
100,000 pairs of "Rough-and-Ready" and
"Knox All" School Shoes were sold this
year at the
BIG SHOE FACTORY,
ROSENTHAL, FEDER & CO.,
58 1-583 MARKET ST.,
: Near Sfcoml.
* -'■-■-' :
COUGHS fHiISJ GOLDS
1:1. »VS PJNKOLA i:\l.s\m is a sure Rem-
edy for coughs. <'o'd.-<, sore throat an. l for asihma.
l\\Yii'//s S " soothes, (juickl'i
1 j|//r*JK^^!^^" abates the couch anil
flnijT**- _ /*\\ w lV|Bltrf rt'ill invariably d©-
IWJL T (£Ii*iVJ V*£w«!M rivo »et!t from 1-*
'm© » 'Ki /'^i^fftSv l;>t '- Manywbo sup-
|lKll BviAOpß^UgHr Pse their rasts to b-.>
i fc*irJ^Pnij?*j 'fr^ <^ consumption areoiily
YV^JrTJ o lff-^ l^tii"" il^~"~ > '■"'rt'Tiiis: irom a
&£?lai£^SiJ^^*s^? • ollro "i c cold or Upen-
'lvS!i& < 3pB&C29NwSs seated cough, of en
WCnSSv s**5 ** TiS**!!? 5 !? aggravated by ca-
'»\\ xcv . **«ii? < "^ - tarrh. Kor catarrh
urn Kly» I nt m ti m. r.o:h remedies are pleasant
to use. Cream Halm, COc per bottle; I'ineoia k-u-
-■n -•:>.■. 80M by DniKKla
KLY BROTHBAS. sti Warren st., New York.
■pices of the V.'orld's ■ tiristian Co-operative
Society, and upon that night she appeared to
be greatly interested and affected by the lec
ture, anu* bei ai te a member.
About a month ago she was elected secretary
of the organization and appeared to be very
earnest iv her work iv the society, and if ihese
reports abou hrr are rue, I, like many others,
will be greatly disappointed and chagrined by
the tfiought that our confidence has been
abused by a designing womau.
a>
BROWN'S RESIGNATION.
The Pastor Will Not Occupy the
First Congregational Pulpit
To-Day.
Dr. Brown's name <tjd not appear on the
bulletin board that stood in front of the
trch yesterday.
The b f the Sunday discourse, how
ever, - . i. L'he fact that the
. :ne had been removed was
probably the foundation of the rumor
everywhere heard during the day that
Dr. Brown bad resigned his charge.
Dr. Brown refused to aftirru or deny the
: that lie had severed his connection
the church. It is pretty generally
1, however, that he will ulti
mately renre.
Thc'oilicials of the church will take no
steps toward an investigation of Dr.
Brown's conduct until after the trial of
Mrs. Davidson. Should he resign in the
moan time, a church trial, so iar as the
First Congregational Church is concerned,
will be unnecessary. And in case Dr.
Brown's letters were withheld, it would be
ditncult for him to get another church.
There is a strong element in tne church
Thai iias always been opposed to Dr.
Brown, and the late scanaals have only
fanned the tlames of their opposition, and
tis quite certain that unless Dr. Brown
esigns charges ol immoral conduct will
n> preferred aeainst him by so:ne of hi?
old-time antagonists. All tne members of
a Congregational church have a voice in
the selection and dismissal of a pastor,
and the opponents of Dr. Brown feel that
that they will bave no difficulty in ousting
liim should he persist in remaii
D. Gilbert Dexier, one of the prominent
members and a deacon of tin- First Con
gregational irch, said that if Dr. Brown
Kid resigned he would have known some
hing about it He ha I not card a word
rom the doctor on the subject and was not
nclined to discuss it. In fact; he refused
to ba interviewed on the Urown-Davidson-
Jverruan-Stockton scand:il at ail or any
}iha«e of it. The deacon is very much dis
ressed over the whole affair.
Deacon T. 11. Hateli said: "In case
charges are preferred against a Congrega
ional minister he ninst be tried by a body
)f Congregational ministers. We have
uch a body in this City. [t is called the
Bay Association. There has n< ver been
uch a case, however, md Dr. Brown will
ertainly save us from anything of that
cind. His good sense will, tell him that
lis usefulness here has been impaired, and
hat thinsrs cannot go on as> before."
Mr. 1 latch has not seen Dr. Brown since
the unpleasantness in the church began.
Deacon .1. H. Barnard said he had not
Ju>ar.l of Dr. Brown's resignation. He did
not know whether the doctor intended to
resign, and declined to say whether his
resignation would be requested. He de
clared he had not read the papers and
knew nothing of any disclosures affecting
the past of Miss Overman. When told of
the charges of her former husband he said
that he did not believe there was any truth
in them.
eeting of the official board of the
ional Church was held at
bared edifice on Wednesday night.
meeting was strictly secret in its
. the members of the board are
very reticent concerning what took place.
inderstood, however, that tbescandal
in which Che p.istor is involved was di.«
'., but that no formal action was
The official board of any Congregational
Church is composed of the deacons of the
v and it hits supreme authority in
matters pertaining to religion as distin
guished from financial interests. The
ntroUed by the board of
trustees.
In the present instance the official board
ii'cli: . Kerr, A. J. Dewing, J.
Howard Kar-iard, J. J. Vasconcellos, T.
H. Hitch. I>. Gilbert Dexter, 1. H. Morse
and L. 15. Benchly, and of these at the
present time Messrs. Morse, Benchly and
Kerr are out of the City.
t K. R. Lloyd of the Pacific Fni
rersity will occupy the pulpit of the First
Congregational Church to-day.
A LETTER FROM BOSTON.
Mrs. Davidson Did Not Stand Well
With the Congre
gation.
Dr. C. 0. Brown continues to deny hira-
B^lf to all visitors, particularly members
of the newspaper craft.
Lu-t Jiipht a Call reporter visited his
1703 Geary street, and was met at
the minister's wife.
wn will not see any one," she
said, - his attorneys have advised
nim not to. However, here is something
you may use," handing the reporter the
follow .
Office of Tremoxt Baptist Church. >
Stndio building, 110 Tremont St., Boom 43.}
i'tjsrroK. Mass., Dec. 30, L 895. J
Brr. C. O. Jirvtcn. D.D.— Dear Sic and
Brother: Your letter to Rev. Dr. Winner is re
ceived.
: ■*. thia church
an one-hall of which
■..■■.
tool.
• months ag e was placed nnder dts
.nt of complaint
le here, the result
ne committee un
favorable to her reman ng a member with us.
\ try respectfully and ■
Chas -tant
REAL ESTATE I r.ANSACTIONS.
Klizaheth Stanwood to Georz« \v .\ l( . Tan^..
loion - lln« ol Pine street, 62:6 I- of Yolk vai
by S 120; also lot on W line of Bcou irtrwt 9"-si'
Rof Clay, S '25 by VV 81 :S; also a!i interest in any
property in San irancisco; gift. *
Oeorze \V\ Alexander to Klirabeth Alexander
same (three lonsVgifL ■nif-xanaer,
Friedrlcb and Klizab«-tli Pfelffer to AlbPrt n nf l
Kmnn. Komslhoeft. lot on N lin,- o KeuVtrePt
S2:tj >V of <;onch, W 27:6 by X lao f l(> Btreet -
Martan-t Hitllf-r to Louisa Laplace and In«nh
}'. lla'.lc-r, lot on s line of Lombard street li « u
<>• FiUmore, W 55 by S 120: $10. <b U
Charles S. Harney to A. C. Frew, lot on v li, Q
r.f Fell street, Bl:8 \V of FUlmore, \V 29 by v KM)"
$19.
City and County of -an Frai!'-isr.' to Aim iMns
I'.oberts, lot on N line of Twenty-fourth street ' \-A
X of Mission, X 'JS by X 100:— . "
"M. and Catterina i'orpoli to Frank V. Pistoles!
lot on XX t-orner of Twenty-lifth and >"lo v i.!-!
streets, F. 25 by N 101; $!(). •
C. A. and Annie M. Hnckley to Annie McUrldc
lot «>n E line of LarUin ttreet, 62:8 J5 of Greenwich'
- 25 by E87:6;flO.
. *>:ton Tract Homestead Association tojam>-s
':. Yonnsr, lot on K.lir.e of \\ «-st Twenty-ninth
avenue. 75 S of C street, 8 25 by E 120: *170.
Joseph • mpbell to Lucy M. Campbell, lota 186
and 187. Central Park Homestead, on Eighth ave
nue, between X and L streets; $1400.
[iakevlew and Sannyaide improvemen < om
r ■ Mar«uret Bomera, lot 48, block 2, l.ake
f 10.
Cuneo A Costa Company to Alfred An<!prson, lot
on s line of Costa strct, 75 X of Brewster, E 25 by
U TO, lot 17. gift map 3: SlO.
AI.A.MKDA COUNTY.
•T. H. Troy (administrator estate of Michael Me-
Namara) to W. K. Uetchell, lot ai, block 3, Oak
land Point Railroad Peny J.andlns Tract 406,
Oakland: $300.
Michael and Nellie Fahi-y to A. D. Courtney,
lot on NW corner of Miranda street and Claremont
tvf:nu«', N' so by W 150, lot 139, block JI. V.
TVralta Heservalion Tiact, subject to a mortnee
to Central ank. Oakland Township; $10.
Albert and ICargarette Muenzenmaver to Cath
erine .^amsreither, lot 7, block A, subdivision of
the S jKjrtlon ol Harmon i ract, B< rkelei ; io.
Same to same, lot -13, block 11, I'aradfse Park,
OaklKiid Township: $10.
sj:n,.- to same, lot 1, Ijlock 11, same, Oakland
Township; 000,
f^aine to same, lot on 8 liii of Alcatraz avenue,
400 W of Occidental street, W (36, c- 127.85, X 60,
S 127.37 i, oeginnlng. block A, I'anulisc lurk,
Berkeley; $10.
A. N ' fumy to There** A. Sbriner, lot on 8 line
of Highland avenue. 120 EOf llyru'.iith street, X
4(1 py s 138.60. jot 23, block 1, amended nmp of
Moms Tract, subject to a mortgage to ihe San Frmi
cisco had Oakland Loan Association, Brooklyn
'lo.vuship: $2500. . •
Antonio and M. V. Macnado to Elizabeth Beebe,
lots 6. 7 an<l M, block 30. Union «i;y, Washington
1 ihlp; also lot on T W corner of V and Klch
teenili street*. E to SW corner of schoolbouse lot,
N to N* end thrreof, tnence W to a point opposite
!he point of beginning kij't al- rigbi angles to V
JJreeti tbenco » to beginning, being in town of
Vnion city, Washington Totraahlp: $10.
Mary L. (iriftith to h. .1. M int urn, re-record of
1 ,M (\>-r\ 458, k)ti« ) and 2, block X, Oakland Vii»w
Homestead Association, Ot»klnnd: lots 5, 6,17,
38. oloik IS. lands adjacent toKnclnal, Alameda;
also property ia Ban Francisco; $ 5000.
BURIED IN OLD CANS
The Unique Disposition of the
Wealth of Leesburg by
Miners.
ONE LOST A KICH CACHE.
The $150,000 Fortunes of Andrew
Harra and Mark Guannon — A.
J. Bowie's Properties.
W. W. BrisK?, the electrical engineer,
who for two years past has been in the Sol-
ANDREW lIARRA, WAH SING AND MARK GUANNON, WEALTHY CITIZENS
OF LEESBURG, WHO USE TOMATO CANS FOR BANKS.
[From a recent photorapjh.]
omon Valley, Idaho, with the Lemhi
Placer Mining Company and the Leesburg
Gold Mining and Milling Company, of
which A. J. Bowie of this City is manager
and consulting engineer, has returned to
this City.
Mr. Briggs was for much of the time
over 100 miles from any railroad and 30
miles from the old town of Solomon City.
The only means of transporting supplies
was by pack animals over the narrow trails
into the mountains. The mines of the
companies are in a spur of the Bitter Root*.
The region if rich, and tne indications are
there will be big camps there at some time
in the future.
There is no wilder region in the West
than this part of Idaho. The mountains
are exceedingly rugged and filled with all
kinds of game. Much of the game is big
and calculated to entrance the sportsman.
The country is cut up by fearful gorges, so
that it is no easy matter to get about, es
pecially at this season of the year, when
the snow lies deep, and when it is continu
ing to come down.
Leesburg, the old camp where one of the
properties is situated, is a dead place, but
Mr. Brings has a remarkably interesting
story to tell of it. Said he:
It once had 8000 people. This was when the
Solonion Valley excitement was at its heiirht.
Now it has ten or fifteen white men and about
\V. W. Hriggs.
[from a recent pholoyraph.]
twenty Chinamen. Wah Sing, a noted China
raan ,n that part of Idaho, because of his
nesi and wealth, runs the only store in
the once fnmous place.
The mines are so rich thereabout that the
Old miners who yet linger there are nearly all
slices, with a few that are rich
In a large senae. The miners are mainly old
bachelors, who ccme out from the States from
to forty years ago, have been there
since, and' no longer have any wish to go
back.
A QUinbei of these, beinp far from any bank,
have I. id tht-ir gold an<l rtust in old "tomato
cans, and buried it in various places. In this
way lar^e Boma have been isecreted. The
wood* may be called full of the cans holding
Kold jn tins shape, which have been hidden
at the routs of tree>, in the dirt floors 'of cab
in.-, a:i<l otbei Bunposedly saff places.
Among these ola miners are Andrew Harra
and Mark Guannon, who are stated »n good
locrl authority to have about .^150,000 each
stored away in cans, i know tneia very well.
They both have good placer properties and
they ri t out more money when they work their
claims than they know what to do with, bo
they just bide it away.
A funny thing occurred while I was there
with Hurra. He had a in«n for several nights
sleeping in his cabin, on a bunk near nim.
Harra lir.d a can full of gold secreted under his
bed, and every nlxlu when he came in and jot
iutu li(d he would reach '(own quietly and
heft the can, to see that the gold was all riirht.
He ail ihis right alon? ior several nights
and r.ftur tlie man went away. Finally one day
Harra desired to buy something, and fished
down again for his can. When lie got it out
he w as astonished to find only rocks and other
heavy stuff in it. The visitor ha<l got on to the
Combination, extracted the gold and put pieces
of stone and iron in its place and went his
way. Nobody saw him afterward and lie made
tt rich haul.
Leeeburg \va- so rich in the old days that out
of one hole which 1 saw near tho first cabin
built there was taken out $3g,00U. The region
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
bears*evidenee of being on the eve of a mining
revival something like Cripple Creek.
Tnere is an abundance of wild came there.
One can pet mountain sheep, elk, bear and
deer, besides smaller game and fowls. The
mountain sheep are exceedingly hard to kill,
because of their fleetue.-ss and penchant for
staying on the highest nnd ruggedest crags,
but there are plenty of them.
The wild white "ggats which inhabit parts
of the Cascade Mountains may also be seen
in abundance there. Tho Idaho Legislature
has passed a law against killing the elk, but it
doesu't seem to be respected much. The hunt
ers go right on killing them just the same.
I had a number of experiences in going after
wild gume there. It was very exhilarating
sport, and I, escaped without accident.
As for the properties which Mr. Bowie is
managing, and in which a number of San
Francisco people are interested, they are de
veloping handsomely.
Mr. Brings will probably not return to
Idaho. He is a brother of "Kimball Briggs,
the artist.
To I>rop From the Clouds.
This afternoon at 4 o'clock, at the "Shooting
the Chute" grounds on Haight street, Miss
Essie Viola, a young and pretty Australian
aeronaut, will make her first appearance in
America. She and her sister Millie arrived re
cently on the steamer Alameda from the colo-
nies, where for six years they have been mak
ing balloon ascensions and parachute drops.
Their reputation for darin? has preceded
them, ana the bair-breacltli escape that Miss Es
sie had in Gympie, Queensland, last April,
when her balloon caught fire at a high altitude,
was chronicled all over the world. She expects
to reach a great height thisafternoon, then cut
loose and effect h safe landing. The sides of
the chute and the edge of the lake will be illu
minated by hundereds of incandescent lights
this evening.
MINERS TO RECONSIDER.
Compromise Bill May Be Dropped
by the Executive Com
mittee.
Chairman Merrill of the Montana
State Commission Is Here and
Is to Be Heard.
Already a movement is on foot by. some
of the members of the executive com
mittee of the State Miners' Association to
have reconsidered its action by which the
Ford-Kalston-Singer substitute bill was
agreed to at the December meeting.
re have been three bills before the
Miners' Association for introduction to
Congress on the mineral land question,
i-lnce the efforts began to bring about some
sort of an agreement between it and the
Central Pacific.
As W. H. Mills and the miners failed to
reach a common ground of understanding,
the decision was reached by the latter of
appealing to Congressional action for re
lief, and the first bill proposed was the
Idaho-Montana act as made applicable to
this State. Then Attorney William 11.
Finger of the Southern Pacific drafted a
bill, and it was presented by the miners
for consideration.
Finally a compromise bill — the com
bined product of Mr. Singer, Chairman W.
C. Ralston of the Mineral Lands Commit
tee and Chairman Tirey L. Ford of the
Committee on Leeislation — was adopted as
a substitute for the other two.
John M. Wright, A. H. Ricketts and
Charles G. Yale of the old Mineral Land
Committee have never taken kindly to the
substitute bill and their hostility has been
all the more intensified by the visit to this
City of Chairman Thomas A. Merrill of
the Montana State Mineral Land Commis
sion.
Mr. Merrill drew up the first draft of the
bill whicb ultimately developed into the
Montana and Idaho act, and it is this par
ticular statute for which Messrs. Ricketts,
Wright and Yale have all along been con
tending. Mr. Merrill was a memberof the
Miners' Convention here in 1894, and also
a delegate to the Trans-Mississippi Con
gress of that year. His home ib at Helena
and he has extensive mining interests.
Speaking of the operation of the Montana
and Idaho act he observed yesterday:
Both our miners and the Northern Paciflo
Railroad Company in our State are pleased
with the law's operation. The Northern Pacilic
has between 17,000,000 and 18,000,000 acres
of land in Montana, which is about nine-tenths
of its grant in the two States.
Since May the commissions in the the three
districts constituting our State have examined
| and classified 1,100,000; in tact, they did this
: in live months, and at an expense of a fraction
less than 2 cents per acre. Our appropriation
was only $20,000. There have been no protests
from the miners at all, and all that the railroad
company has protested has been less than 2000
acres. The railroad people like the law so well
, that they assist the Commissioners with sur
veyors in the field.
'ill'- law simply amounts to this: The Gov
ernment says, We have granted so many acresi
I of land to the railroad company, reserving the
I mineral lands; now we propose to go and as -
! certain by means of a commission, d.uasi-ju
dicial In its character, iust what lands we have
granted and what lands we have not. After
the commission has determined their charac
ter, the right of protest by any one to the
Land Oflice is left.
But the substitute bill of the California
] Miners' executive committee is exactly the op-
I posile. Its assumption at the very out
! net is that ail tho lands in the Central
i Pacific grant are non-mineral, and the
burden of proving any of them to
be mineral in character is left on the miner,
which is all very well for the railroad com
pany, but a great hardship for the prospector
and miner. Besides, under your bill, the de
termination of the commission in its classifi
cation of lauds could be made only upou the
application of some one, and even then it
would have only the weight of mere evidence
In the l.'md Otliee, and would be subject to
j the rule of preponderance of testimony.
Mr. Merrill will pay a brief visit to Los
Angeles, and upon his return a meeting of
the executive committee is to be called to
Lear his views formally expressed.
THOSE LOS T SYRIANS
Canon Good, the Famous Mis
sionary, Tells How He Dis
covered Them.
STJBPRISED AND DELIGHTED.
The Details of the Whence and Where
of the Indian Tribes of the
Far West.
Canon Good, the missionary who claims
that northwestern Indians are of Asiatic
origin, gives the following interesting let
ter, stating his views in detail on the sub
ject:
I bave been asked by The Call to add
something more to what it has already
reported in announcing my arrival in this
City as to the foundation of my convic
tions and conclusions that the Indian race,
for whose salvation and general improve
ment I have given the best years of my
ministerial life, as a representative of the
Society for the Propagation of the Gospel,
are of Asiatic or more definitely of Taura
nian or Tartaree origin.
I approach the subject with considerable
diflidence in my ability to do full justice
to so difiicult an inquiry.
Far away from books, literary society
and centers of civilization, and dependent
entirely upon his own peculiar modes of
investigation, one is apt to grow self
opinionated and puffed up with his own
supposed findings and knowledge, forget
ting it is but as a drop in the bucket as we
draw water out of the great well of truth,
which, as we all know, lies proverbially low
down, and I trust therefore the numerous
readers of The Call will give me credit for
only wishing to contribute something,
however little, to already acquired facts,
and that what I have to say must be taken
for what it is worth.
Certainly our very learned literati in
Europe— the giants in comparative phil
ology and anthropology — generalized" too
rapidly on these questions, because they
had not obtained a sufficient auiouut of
data reaching from the east to the ex
treme west to come to safe conclusions
upon such confessedly obscure questions.
Already they have corrected their rapid
assumptions, and if my own researches
while hidden from the world have in auv
way contributed to so desirable a result I
am amply repaid for all the toil and brain
sweat the reduction of one oral tongue of
the natives of this great continent has cost
me.
In respect to the original inhabitants of
this continent from the Arctic Circle to
the Terra del Fuego of South America
and the subsequent colonization by suc
cessive waves of migration sweeping over
it from the east, I do most strongly affirm
that abundant evidence exists of the oc
cupation of this continent by countless
aboriginal races, whose origin is shrouded
in the darkness of primeval ages, and
that just as Europe received wave after
wave'of migratory and predatory bodies of
conquering people, which liowed on ever
I continuously from east to west, bo we
here on this side of the world have had a
repetition of the same overflowing of race
afier race.
Some years after I had become
immersed, I may say, in the meshes of
the Thompson tongue, I had grown deeply
impressed with the multiplicity of faces
that bespoke n foreign origin. I bethought
me that I would open again the tenth and
eleventh chapters of Genesis, which con
tain all the reliable account we possess
concerning the great dispersion of races,
and read it as though I had never seen
it before. The first point of importance
that struck me was that we are told that
the defeated builders of Babel Tower were
mysteriously if not to say miraculously
moved to disperse themselves in divers
directions. They were then scattered over
the face of the earth, according to their
nations and tongues and families, and of
these were the nations divided after the
flood.
These were the representatives of the
historical nations recorded in Holy Writ —
the superior races who were to overcome
not only the earth but the inferior, unhis
torical and indigenous people of a former
creation or origin. Each division that thus
went forth would contain the more highly
civilized and polished, the true nomadics,
and the outer fringe of those who were al
most become as savage as those whom
they were to conquer. They would carry
with them iheir language, customs and
traditions, and at that time they may
have had means of locomotion and trans
portation that were subsequently lost to
view.
In this way we should expect to find on
this continent whither a certain percent
age of the original hosts who spoke at first
but one language before the flood
came and settled down — representatives of
all these grades and classes— and so we do
find the highly civilized Aztecs, so like
the Egyptians, therefore nomadics and
those ot a decidedly inferior grade. Uur
people were of a nomadic character, and
when I inquired further they had a name
for their nation. They were the Ne-Kla-
Kap-a-Muk nation, and they were divided
up into families or stcts. They spoke the
2se-Kla-K.ap-a-Mufc Cheen language, cog
nate with the languages of two contiguous
tribes— the Towappa Muk and the Sla-Hea
Muk people.
This seemed to throw a ray of light
certainly upon their origin, and the next
thing was to establish all the connecting
links of the chain winch should bind
them in this far-off land to their as
sumed original home in the center of
Asia.
The points are numerous and deeply in
teresting, which, with your permission, I
will preserve foi a second paper.
Canon Good.
OUR UNCHRISTENED OWL
A New Well-Known Bird of the
Night That Has Horns,
but No Name.
Some Pacific Bird Stories That Pro
fessor Loomis Has Told to Ig
norant Ornithologists.
The important discovery has been made
in Washington that the horned owl of
California has no name.
This may be largely due to the retiring
nature of this meditative songster of the
moonlight, which has kept it from intrud
ing itself into the business of ornitholo
gists with double-barreled shotguns, but
the fact remains that the well-known
horned owl of the Sierra forests has just
been discovered. In fact, there is no
horned owl west of the Missouri River that
has a name — that is, a real name besides
the nicknames which vulgar speech has
bestowed.
Ornithologists have always supposed
that California has put up with the same
kind of an ordinary horned owl that has
been given to the rest of America and they
have carelessly called our line bird witn
the peaked tufts behind its ears the Bubo
virginianuß tubarcticus. Bui now Califor
nia may boast a horned owl of its own.
More than that, it has been discovered
that there is no such a thing as a Bubo
virginianus subarcticus at all. This is
but another of the mass of things which
constantly show how ignorant ornitholo
gists are when it comes to birds.
It has been known lor a long time that
a white horned owl by the name of Bubo
virginianus arcticus nourishes north of
the Canadian border, and that south of it,
west of the Missouri, other horned owls
live and toot from the plains to the Pacihc
Ocean. Years ago a big bird man named
Hoy shot a horned owl out West, supposed
it to be the regular horned owl of the West,
called it virginianus subarcticus, and ever
since then the specimen, nicely put away in
arsenic in the Smithsonian Institution, has
been the type of authority on Western
horned owls.
It was Ornithologist Leverett M. Loomis
of the Academy of Sciences who discovered
this owlish scientific blunder, while on the
Eastern visit from which he has just re
turned. He had taken two owl skins
along with a lot of other specimens in
tended for comparison and "study in the
great Eastern zoological museums, and on
investigation concerning owls he found
that the Hoy type was a stray Canadian
from the .North for one thing and for
another thing that the California horned
owl has white feet, reddisn dress and
other differences that make it a distinct
type. As it is a discoverer's sole province
to bestow names, he will call the horned
owl of the Rockies and the plains the Bubo
virginianus hoyi, after the man who made
the mistake, but he is still thinking about
what he will call the new owl that he has
given to California.
Of course California is rich in other owls
that the ornithologists have managed to
name correctly. There is the charming
saw-whet, so called because ita song sug
getss saw-sharpening in a sawmill; the
California screech, which belies the rumor
that California birds have no song; the
burrowing owl of the Pacific Coast that
lives with the gophers and chipmunks,
and so on.
Mr. Loomis has also named a new
species of shearwater, an ocean bird, that
he discovered during his months of daily
boating ten miles oft Monterey, and it will
go into the books as the "pufhnus Gil
berti," after Dr. Gilbert of Stanford Uni
versity.
The particular occasion of Mr. Loomis'
trip East was the thirteenth annual con
gress of the American Ornithological
Union at Washington, at which he read -
paper quite paralyzing to the bird sciena
tists there. Loomis has for a great many
years been a special authority on bird mi
gration, and it was the discoveries concern
ing the pelaeic biids of the Pacifac,
made during his relentless boating
trips far oft the shore at Monterey,
that he gave to the science of ornith
ology. The ocean birds of the Pacific
are but very little known, and from three
to ten miles off the Pacific shore anywhere
are millions of ocean birds never seen on
shore. Loomis got out among them daily
for months, gathered many specimens
never reported before in this part of the
world, found species never described any
where and made a special study of migra
tions. He discovered and demonstrated
the fact, new to science, that ocean birds,
in their long migrations between the Arc
tic and the southern regions, are not
guided by instinct, but always keep the
shore line in view, and are guided by it.
Birds that fly high fly farther from shore.
All awing in to follow the bend in the
coast line, and during fogs they fly close to
the surf to be guided by the sound.
During the eighteen months that Pro
fessor Loomis has been here he has in
creased the ornithological collection of the
Academy of Sciences from 2100 to 9000
specimens, and is in a hurry to make it
20,000, though this would be small com
pared with the three or four great collec
tions of the East. The Academy of Sci
ences is doing notable work in the almost
unworked field of the birds of the Pacihc.
MERRY HANDBALL MEN.
First Annual Kauquet of the Occidental
Club in the Court Was a
Success.
The Occidental handball court, on Grove
street, presented a charming appearance
last night. The walls and fronts of the
galleries were draped with banting and the
stars and stripes. Two tables extended
the length of the alley, anil another table
was placed at the top. The occasion was
the Grst annual banquet of the club, and it
was a success in every respect.
Elaborate preparations had been made
by President l). E. Condon and the other
officers of the club, and nothing was want
ing for the enjoyment and comfort of the
guests, who numbered over 100. '
The menu was all that could be desired,
and after the good thingsHhad been done
ample justice to President Condon deliv
ered an address of welcome in which he
took occasion to refer to the progress of
the club since its inception over two years
ago. -V: V;
J. C. Nealon, the popular and veteran
player, one of the coast championship
team, after replying to the toast of the
team in bis usual happy style, performed
the duty of toastmaster.
The other toasts were: "Gaelic Games,"
responded to by Richard C. O'Connor, a
well-known , enthusiast who literally
brought down the house by his peroration
when lie declared, "wherever you find a
first-class athlete you will find an Irish
man"; "Olympic Club," Dr. E. N. Short;
"Occidental Ball Court," Judge M. Cooney,
and "The Ladies," Frank T. Shea.
The toasts w*re interspersed with a vocal
solo by Fred Myrtle; barytone solo by
"W. T. O'Brien; recitation by T, F. Bonnet;
vocal soio by Auditor Broderick; violin
solo, "Irish Melodies," by J. E. O'Meara;
vocal solos, Clarence Howland and George
Broderick. Vita's orchestra played appro
priate airs during the evening.
The officers of the club, to whom the
success of the banquet was due, are:
President, D. E. Condon; vice-president,
Ed Maloney; secretary, C. J. McGlynn;
directors— T. F. Bonnet, Dr. Ed E. Hill,
C. A. Sullivan, James J. O'Brien and Ai
Collins.
• — ♦ — •
Of the 4914 sealskins brought into Port
Townsend, Wash., during the season just
closed, 3650 were of female seals, an indi
cation of the rate at which the seal herds
are being destroyed.
JOY'S W H T is a
inV'Q NERVE? It is a
,VlJy,^ delicate fiber through
JOY S which sensation is
JOY'S transmitted from all
irtyjo portions of the body
i/^wjS tO the brain. It is
JOY S . life. It is that which
JOY'S makes or unmakes
IHY'^ man. When your
*{^ * , nerves are shattered,
JOY weak, useDr. McKen-
JOY'S zie's celebrated nerve
inV'Q treatment. It is just
inv'c what i 9 needed for
.' JOY S weak and , r shattered
JOY'S nerves. Dr. McKen-
inV'^ zie's nerve treatment
,V^Jr,^ will build up the weak
JOY S nerves and make
JOY'S them strong. If this
inV'Q treatment is not sat-
inv'O • isf^ ctor y to you call
JOY S for your money. It
JOY'S wi 1 be refunded -
JOY'S BALDWIN PHARMACY
(UNDER THE BALDWIN HOTEL),
POWELL AND MARKET STS.
DRUGS, PATENT REMEDIES, PERPUMES,
At Reasonable Prices, for instance, '
MINYON ..........15c
JOY'S SAKS W'AHILLA ........65c
porous PLASTER 10c
HOT-WATER BOTTLES.
l-qiiart ftOc I 3-qiiart. ........ ......60c
2-aoart 55c | 4-quart 65c
JOY'S. JOY'S. JOY'S.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
SE3COND "week:
• — O3B" OUR — —
QREAT MIDWINTER
CLEARANCE SALE!
Thus far the success of our QREAT MIpWINTER CLEARANCE SALB
totally outrivals that of any sale ever held by us, and from morning to night
of each day since it opened our mammoth establishment has been LITER*
ALLY PACKED VVITH BUYERS.
ut it could hardly have been otherwise with the EXTRAORDINARY
INDUCEMENTS offered, for there is not a single article in our vast stock
that has not been marked down, and in many cases, as the appended exam-
ples of our THIS WEEK'S SPECIALS SHOW, THE MOST STYLISH AND
SEASONABLE GOODS are offered
AT.ALMOST INCREDIBLE REDUCTIONS!
LADIES' CLOTH AND PLUSH JACKETS.
AX I.SO-
LADIES' JACKETS, made of beaver cloth, plain or trimmed with fur, three-quarter
lengths, full sleeve 3, navy, black and tan, worth $5 and $6, reduced to |1 50 each.
' ■ At *a.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and diagonal,
cloaking, plain or trimmed with fur, navy, black and gray, worth $7 50, reduced ti>'
$2 50 each.
Ats3.sO.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER JACKETS, made of Kersey, cheviot and beaver cloak-
ing, full sleeves, trimmed or plain, navy, gray and black, worth $8 50 and $10, re-
duced to $3 50 each.
AX $5.50,
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, three-quarter lengths, worth $10 and $12 50, reduced to
$2 50 each.
LADIES' CAPES, WRAPS AND SUITS.
At SS.SO.
LADIES' CAPES, made of boncle cloaking, trimmed with satin and rows of stitching,
:■: worth $8 60, reduced to $3 50 each.
AX
LADIES' WRAPS, long tabs, prettily embroidered, trimmed with fringe, worth $5 and
$10, reduced to $1 95 each.
AX $3.50.
LADIES' OUTING SUITS, made of black and navy Berge, worth $7 50, reduced to
$3 50 each.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS.
AX 1 .00.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, light weight cloths, trimmed and plain, navy, red, brown
and tan, sizes 8 to 14 years, worth s2 so, reduced to $1 each.
HOUSEFURNISHINGS, Etc.
POSITIVELY NONE OP THESE GOODS WILL BE SOLD TO DEALERS, as
the prices quoted are in most cases LESS THAN WHOLESALE COST, and we intend
to give our patrons the full benefit of the RARE BARGAINS OFFERED. Country
patrons should SEND IN ORDERS WITHOUT DELAY, as those who wait for sam-
ples are liable to tind lines exhausted when orders finally reach us.
Cut to 8 C'outs /v Yard.
500 pieces GOOD GRADE TENNIS FLANNELS, large line of colorings, reduced
from 7%c.
■-.: Cixt to O Ooxxtai a, "5T«.x-cl.
4 cases EXTRA HEAVY UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL, reduced from 12»^c.
Cut to 23 Cents *x "3T«n*ci..
2 bales HEAVY SCARLET TWILLED FLANNEL, made in California, reduced
from 40c. •
Out to 3 Cents » Yard.
500 pieces NICE GRADE STANDARD DARK CALICOES, reduced from B^o.
Cut to 82.85 A. 3P«.ix-.
200 pairs FINE QUALITY BLANKETS, in gray or white, reduced from $4.
Out to 63.75 a, X"»«ix*.
4 cases 11-4 FINE WHITE CALIFORNIA WOOL BLANKETS, elegantly finished,
reduced from $5.
Cut to 25 Cents a, 75T«n.x*cl«
4 cases TABLE DAMASK, full width, well made, in bleached, turkey red or un-
bleached, reduced from 40c and 45c.
■ i Cut to SO Cents Each.
12 dozen DOUBLE-BED WIDTH BLEACHED SHEETS, well made, 81 inches wide,
reduced from Gsc.
Cut to $1.25 Eacli.
15 bales BED COMFORTERS, nice colorings, rilled with clean white batting, reduced
from $1 75.
Out to QVi Cents t*> "3T«,rci.«
PURE IRISH LINEN CRASH, 17 inches wide, fast edges, close weave, bleached, re-
duced from 10c.
Cut to 6O Cents «* Pair.
200 pairs NOTTINGHAM CURTAINS, white or ecru, nice goods, 3 yards long, reduced
from 900. .
•"■•:• Roducod to 75 Cents ZE^vclo..
20 dozen 8-4 TURKEY RED TABLE COVERS, well made and good colors, reduced
, from , . ;.
3-I. e oLuoe> <sL to $1.15 r*. Dozen.
250 dozen 3-4 IRISH LINEN NAPKINS, 20 inches square, edges woven fast, reduced
from $150.-: :- - : • ".'. -•, ;-^% ;
LADIES' UNDERWEAR AND WAISTS.
. . " •■ At 35 Oents.
50 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of heavy muslin, neck finished with cording,
. . regnlar price 60c, will be closed out at 35c each.
At 4O Cents.
40 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy muslin, lined back, tucked yoke, all seams
finished, regular price 65c, will be closed out at 40c each.
At 65 Cents. '
30 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsutta muslin, lined yoke, front of gown
trimmed with embroidery, regular price 85c, will be closed oul at 65c each.
At 7" 5 Cents.
25 dozen LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of fancy striped and figured flannel,
ette, regular price $1 25, will be closed out at 75c each.
At $4,50.
LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped silk, full sleeves, made in the latest style,
regular price $6 50, will be closed out at $4 50 each.
CHILDREN'S COATS.
At $3.50.
CHILDREN EIDERDOWN COATS, lined throughout, full sleeves, deep sailor col-
lar, regular price $5, will be closed out at $3 50 each.
FRAMES, BOOKS, ETC.
At 1O Cents.
PLUSH AND IMITATION LEATHER, WOOD AND CELLULOID FRAMES, sold
during the Holidays for 20c, will be closed out at 10c each.
. At so Cents.
7x5 GILT FRAMES, with handsome Chromos, sold during the Holidays for 35c, will
be closed out at 20c each.
At S5 Cents.
HAND-PAINTED FRAMES, ribbon trimmed, in all new colors, sold during the Hol-
idays for 50c, will be closed out at 25c each.
At SO Cent 3,
PHOTOGRAPH BOOKS, with silk Dresden covers, value during the Holidays 35c
will be closed out at 20c each. ..•:-,- ■;■ " '
At 5 Cents.
CHILDREN'S PICTURE BOOKS, in five different series, sold during the Holidays
for 10c, will be closed out at 5c each. .
-A.T iei^ljZE* iphlice.
ALL FANCY GOODS, includine Games, Books and Fancy Novelties, will be placed
on our center tables and closed out at one-half price.
HP-See Chronicle and Examiner for Additional Bargains.
f '■ '■ : ~~ — ~ r" ■
/MyW^^ MURPHY BUILDING*, /
(/(/ Martot Street corner of Jones, /
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BT'sinkss; OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
710 Market s:reet, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
corner Clay; oprn until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
B\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CIIUKCU NOTICES.
j^?, ■ISTTeCIEN^
11F-& tist— Services every Sunday at 11 a. m. in
Beethoven Hall, 356 Post St., cor. Powell. All are
welcome.
Ser3?» GRACE CHURCH, CALIFORNIA ST.,
I>^^ cor. of stookton— Rev. R. C. Foute. rector.
SecoDd sunday after Christmas: Morning prayer;
celebration of holy communion, with sermon by
the rector, 11 a. m. "Te Deum" (Kimball) In E
Hat: "Jubilate" (Schilling) in C; otVertory. "O,
salutaris" (<.*ounod): sanctus, ''Gloria in Excelsis"
(Taylor), old chant. Evening service, 7:45: fifth
monthly festival service: Processional hymn,
••The Church's One Foundation; versicles and re-
sponses (Tallis); tenor solo, -rue Soft Southern
Brccge" (BaniDy), Frank Coffin: quartet and
chorus, "Star of the Morning"' (Gabrie bass soio,
"Nazareth" (Gounod), Homer Henley; chorus,
from "Messe dcs Orphemlstes" (Gounod): orter-
tory, tenor solo, 'Babylon" ( Watson). 1. 11. Des-
mond : recessional, "Onward, Christian ildiers"
Sullivan); organ recital (by special request),
■■Sacred Concen on a Lako IntVrrnnted bya Thun-
der-storm' (Chev. Sig. Newkom). organist and
directoi of the music, William n. Holt.
ar^y' FIRST^CONGREGATioNAL CHURCH,
Or- 6^ cor. Post and Mason sts.— Rev. C. O. Brown,
D.D., pastor. Rev. Prof. K. R. Lloyd will preach.
Sunday-school at 12:45, I.H.Morse superintend-
ent. Mrs. Cooper's class In the auditorium. "The
General Howard class" in pastor's office. All are
cordially invited.
ir^g=» THIRD COXGREGATIONALCHURCH,
Ce^ s^ Fifteenth St., near Mission— Rev. William
Rader, pastor, wll preach. Services at 11 a. m.
Subject, "The Ca'.f in the Fire." Special services
a: 7:30 p. h. for commercial travelers under Chri-
stian Endeavor auspices. Address by the pastor on
"Influence of.Commerce Upon Character." Music
by choir under direction of William C. Stadtfeld.
Morning: "Oh, Thou Wnose Power" (Rossini);
"Seek Ye the Lord" (Bradley); "Abide With Me"
(Shelley), Miss Grace Carroll. Evening: "With
Sheathed Swords" (Costa) : "Hosanna in the High-
est" (Stainer): "Adoration" (Verne), Mrs. w. c.
Stadtfeld: violin solo. "Adagio" (Max BruCh), A.
A.Solomon. Ail commercial travelers invited.
jjtrg CALVARY""PRESBY I'ERIAN CIIURCH,
isr~-* ? corner of Geary Powell and -Rev.
John Hempbill, D.D., pastor, will preach at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 r. m. Morningtopic: "Forward March."
Evening topic: "A Question for the New Year."
Morning music: 'Te Deum" 1 French); offertory,
trio — soprano, tenor, bass, "On Thee Each Living
Soul Awaits" (from oratorio reatiorj Evening
music : "Bonum E»t"' (Mosenthal): offertory, con-
traltosolo, '-Ligh in Darkness (by Cowen). All
are welcome.
|j{r~§= FIRST BAPTIST CIU'RCH. EDDY ST M
i*^^ near Jones— Rev. M. P. Boynton, pas-
tor. Services Sunday. January 5, 1896. Preaching
by the pastor at 11 a. m. Subject. "A l' rward
Look." communion after sermon, and at 7:30 i. m.,
topic: "Moneys Side of Life." Baptism a', even-
ing service. ay-school at 12:30 p.m. Y. P. S.
of C. 1.. at 6:30 P. It Young Men's meeting Tues-
day evening, 8 o'clock. Annual mccl Wednes-
d»y evenine at 7:45. All these services are open
to the public. Strangers are welcome.
ff^ 3 URST UNITARIAN CHURCH COR-
c*-^ ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stf-bbins, D.D., minister. William <•. Eliol .ir.,
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-school at 9:4T> a. m. Si"rvice al 11 a.m.
All are cordially mviied. Evening service omitted
"d... The Bible class, open to all, will be re-
sumed to-day under the leadership oi Rev. Samuel
siocombe at 9 45 a. m.
r."J= FIRST ENGLISH " LUTHERAN
»-*' Church, on Geary st., nr. Gough— Rev. O. H.
Gruver, pastor. Services Sunday morning at 11
d'clock; subject, "What Is My Relation o the
Truth?" Preaching in the evening at 7:45; sub-
'"■■ "Fruit-bearing Disctpleship." Sunday-school
at 9:45. All are invited. All are made welcome.
Seats free. Good music.
JETS' THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - FREE
m<& public lecture every Sunday evening at 320
Post St.. at 7 -.45. To-night: "Who Are the Gods?"
by Dr. J. a. Anderson.
J£^S= THE REFORMED EPISCOPAL
Ur-*" Church, 330 Post st.— Services at 11 a. m.
At 7:; some startling facts and "The Significance
of Episcopal Reiorm" (a paper), by I>r. Morgan.
B£TS= LA TT E R-DAY SAINTS, IN FKIEXD-
'Jf-^ sn ip Hall, 909 Market St., al 2 and 7:45
m.-I-Wt Henry 8. Tanner, president of Califor-
nia Mormon Mission, will speak at the evening
service. subject: "Salv.ition far the Living and
for the Dead." All are welcome.
~ SUNDAY MKKTINGS.
Ht3=* CALIFORNIA I'-^i < lI IC \ L^OcTety".
Ur~£» Mr. J. J. Morse of London will lecture under
the auspices of this society ut National Hall,
Ellis St., between Polk and Van Ness aye., this
evening at 7:45 o'clock. Subject: "The Super-
Physical Universe— lts Origin in Nature." being
the lirst of a ser • - of four lectures on the general
subject 01 "The Super-Physical Universe." Admis-
sion free. Scats reserved for members,
l^g*" THE lETY CM PROGRESSIVE
Spiritualists will meet in Golden Gate all
v.n Sutter St.. bet. Mason and Taylor, on Sunday
evening, January 5, nt 7:30 o'clock. Speaker, Pro-
fessor J. Clecg Wright: -subject. "The Problem—
Has Man a BoulT" music by Professor Ogelsvie
ani the Misses Lillian and Emily Coleman. id-
mission free.
nss=> »R. robbixs lectures to-night
Ct-*^ on "Tho Gift of Healing, or Why I Left the
Ministry to Be a Physician." The sick healed.
Mediums developed and written questions an-
swered by spirit power. Circle tickets free. Wash-
ington Hall, 351 ... Eddy st.. Bp. m. Admission free.
Sign retitlon to-ni;ht for pardon of Rev. uowland.
rS" MME JIOSTAGUE WILL tOECTURB
lx*-& and answer questions before the Psychi-
cal Society of Oakland at Fraternal Hall. Washing-
ton st., 8 o'clock this evening Subject: "The
Great Vibratory Forces of the Universe."
J£TS=- LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
l»^*^ Dr. York speaks this evening at Scottish
Hall, 105 Larkin st., on "The liibtiri .1 Dead."
C. Fanr.i- Allyn gives an impromptu poem. Ad-
mission free.
K^S=> GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING. MET-
ur-^ ropolitan Temple, Sunday. January 5, 3 p. m.
Address by w. R. Goodwin, D. D. übiect, "Charac-
teristlcs of a Good Citizen."
PfcSS= AT DR. RIN-ES 1 SPIRITUAL MEET-
t*-*^ Ing, 909 Mark. St. ; 2 and Bp. m. Circle
and platform tests. Mmes. Sf-ely. Bird, Cornelius-
Profs. Colwell. Office. 1236 Market, 10 to sp. if.
jt^= TO-NIGIIT-KATIE HEUSSMAXN'S
«*- e test meeting at 793 Stevenson st., ol Ninth,
10c; sittings daily, $1.
Cp^g= MRS. MAYO STEERS, TRANCE AND
I*-* 1 ' tesc medium; readings dally. 101 Grove St.,
corner of Polk.
gt^g= MK>. FULTON: MATERIALIZING SE-
Sf^^ ance to-nitjht. 31 Fell st.
ir^S" CRABP, TEST MEETING: 2 AND
l*-**' B p.m.; 15c. 229GoldenCate ay.; tests to all.
Ift^?* ELSIE REYNOLDS, ITERIALI2ING.
15^ 2p. M., 25c. 5.50 P. M. 331 O'Farrell st.
rt^S= C. V. MILLER, ETHEREALI/.IXG, MA-
•»~*^ terlalizing seance; Bp. M. 535 Post st.
IPS' TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT. 10c; MME.
Ur^^ Vi iung; lanje orchestra. 605 McAllister st.
NOTICE OF MKETiMiS.
tt^S* Pacific LODGE No. 186, F. r>
CSi*' and A.M.. 121 Eddy St., will meet A
od SUNDAY, January 6. at 1 p. m., to at-^ \F
tend the funeral or our late brother, F. P. r^y\
1. a son. Master Masons are invited
GEORGI PENLINGTON, Secretly.
rt^S= FIDELITY LODGE NO. 222, .^ouu-y, "
»^ I. 0.0. F.— lnstallation of offi- i^^*^L
cers MONDAY EVENING, Janu-^^^S»^=
ary 6. '^//n'S^
E. M. WEST, N. G.
h. Jacks, R. S.
iF^g=* UFFICEHS AND MEMBE B s'oF »T"
m^B 1 Damon Lodee, No. 2. K. of P.: You 'JKk
are earnestly requested to attend the 2&c3z*
meeting on January 7, 1896, for lnstal- .fcXTj
lation. Blater lodges cordially Invited. By order
Of C. W. DUFFIE, C. C.
Attest: E. B. Hasdin-g, K. of R. and S.
r£^S= UNITY LODGE. 27, A. O. v. w. ,\<U<fr,
I*-=^ The Funeral Escort are directed to^-*^
be present at 9:30 a.m., on Monday, rhetJ#«j£"
Cth inst.. at 1227 Pacific street, for the pur-MSR^"
pose of attending the funeral of our late Brother,
Nic. Salazar.
B. L. WALLER, Master Workman.
CHAS. li. BOWCOTT, Recorder.
|F^> MASTI R MARINERS 1 P.KNK- —^_
I*--*^ volent Association— special meet- [l "£r~?»
inj; will be >ield at 11 Mission St., Mnv- <J^^>
DAY, at 12:20 p. m. sharp. M mbera and •-" —
committees are requested to be present. By order
ol the president. L. TRAUNG, Rec. Bee.
jr^g= NOTICE [a HEREBY GIVEN" THAT
&-c" the annual meeting of the RtocKholciers of
the Hnr-'-ii; liold Mining Company will beiieldat
Us office, 610 Clay street. Bai Francisco, Cal on
TUEBDAY, the 14th day of January, 1896, at 3
O'clock P. U. By order of the board of directors
EDWARD P. FLINT, President. '
• R. T. Wabd, Secretery.
WT^S* RIGGBRS AND^ STEVEDORES'
ttr-jy Union Association.— funeral detail from
DANIEL DEMPBEY to ISAAC GERMAN (in-
clusive) will attend the funeral.
M. J. MORAN, President.
F. E. Dl-kiiam, Beoording Secretary.
C£^S= PRESIDIO AND FERRIES B. R. CO.—
Uf-* 7 Tlie regular annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
pany will be held at the office of t he company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's ulace, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m." for
the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN B. LEIGHTON, Secretary,
ufflce— llll Union St., corner Sharp's place, san
Francisco, Cal.
JT £. ■ ANNUAL MKF.TING-THK ANNUAL
Ib-^ meeting of the stockholders of the Commer-
ciai Insumtice company of Calrfornia will beheld
at the ollice of the Palatine Insurance Company,
limited, of Manchester, England, 439 California st..
Safe Deposit btjilding, San Francisco, on
WEDNESDAY, the 15th day of January, 1896,
at the ho jr of 12 o clock, in accordance with by-
laws .
CHARLES A. LA Ton, Secretary.
Sao Fruaclsco, December 31, 1895.
DIVIDIiND NOTICES.
ijf^g' COLUMBUS SAVINGS AND LOAN SO.
»ir<& ciety, 614 Washington .st. and 5 Montgom-
ery aye— Dividends on lerm deposits at the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundreths (4 32-100) per
cent per annum, and on ordinary derJoslts al the
rate of three and six-tenths (S 6-10) cent per
( annum, for the half year ending December 31,
1895, will be payable, free ol taxes, on and after
January 2. 1896. ' .1. F. FUGAZI, President.
X N. Bkloraxo. Secretary.
0r .- • OFFICE OF THE HIBERXIA SAV-
EF-^ inics and j.oan Society, cor. Market, McAl-
lister and Jones sts.. San Francisco, December 30,
1886— a regular meeting of the board of di-
rectors of this society, held this <say, a dividend
has been declared al the rate of four (4) per cent
per annum on all deposits for the six months end-
Ing December 31. 1896, free from all taxes, and
payable on aud after January '-'. 1896.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary.
|R!'^sp> DIVIDEND NOTICE— THE GERMAN
2*-^ Savings and Loan .society. 526 California
street. For the half year ending December 31,
1895, a dividend has been declared at the rate Of
four and twenty-six hiindredths (4 26-100) per
cent per annum on term deposits, and three and
fifty-five hundredths (3 66-100) per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits free of taxes, payable
on and after Thursday, January 2, 1896.
GEORGE TOL'RNY, Secretary.
Sf^s= DIVIDEND NOTICE -SAVINGS AND
i^*£r Loan Society, 101 Moutgomerv ,-t., cor.
Sutter. For the half year ending December 3i,
1895, a dividend has been declared ai the rate of
four and thirty-two one-hundredtlis (4.32) percent
per annum on term deposits, and three and sixty
one-hundredths (3.60) per cent per annum on or- j
dinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after '
WEDNESDAY. January 1, 1596. Dividends not
called for are added to and bear the same rate of
dividend as the principal from aud after January
1. 189(j. (YKI s W. CARMAXY. Cashier.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
w»»* the San Francisco Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum Society has admitted to their institution the
following orphan and half-orphan girls and boys
from June 30, 1895, to January 1. 1896: Edith
Campbell, 7 yrs.; Caroline M. Newton, r> vrs. :
Myrtle Campbell, 6 yrs.; Ethel M. Moffatt, 5
yrs. Paul Duering, 2 yrs.: George Grass, 6 yrs ;
Willie Coo s. 11 yrs.; Bishop B. Taylor. 8 yrs.;
Willie A. Newton, 2 yrs.: James O. Morritson, 4
yrs.: Frederick A. Moft'ait. 6 yrs. Carl Smith.
12i* yrs. ; Edmund K. Bedford, 10 yrs.; Thomas I
Semler, 7 yrs. ; Delbert D. i/aley, 4 yrs.
rr^ ENGLISH LADY'S NEW COSMETIC
sVJ>" Parlors, room 46, 850 Market st.
LS> MEa BERNHARDT, 17a SIXTH ST.,
t»-» first tioor— Genuine massage treatment,
jSCr^NOTICE ISHEREBY GIVEN THAT THE
i±<*>' Maria Kip Orphanage of 638 Folsom St., San
Francisco, Cal., has admitted the following half-
orphan girls from October 1. 1895, to January 1,
1896: Annie Hammill, 10 years; Jessie Merle
Par. ridge, agi d 11 years; Florence V. Spicer. aged
10 years; GeorgieF. Wakeley, aged 10 years; Grace
Hodge, aged 8 years.
(^trjv* MRS. ROBB, 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
— » 8, second Boor; genuine massage treatment.
CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
»*»-*>' ChiropodiC Institute, room 22, 906 Market.
Str-jS^ ba D TENA NTS EJECTED .FO 1 1
■ " collections made, city or country. Pacifla
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st.. room 6, Tel. 5580.
ST® 1 CORNS, INGROWING NAILS, SUCCESS-
m^& fully treated. DR. LLOYD, Lurlme Baths.
rs> WINDOWS CjJOANED AND FLOORS
•*^^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO., 242 Sutter.
ftTlS' ROOMS WHITENED. $1 UP; PAI'EK-
Se-^ ed S3 50 uo. 317Vs Tiiird. Geonce Hartman.
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
"VTEAT DANISH WAITRESS AND BEAM-
i-' stress desires situation; best references. Miss
CULLE.V; 105 Stockton st. - ,-V
THIRST-CLASS HELP; GERMAN. SWEDISH
-I? and Irish girls: city or country. MME. LEO-
POLD, 20 S.ockton st.
II.XDY DOKS GENT'S AND L.A-
J -i dies' mending, and plain sewing neatly done.
28% Sixth St., r 0:11 8.
PELIABLE s WTTDISH WOMAN WISHES TO
-Ll do housework; city preferred; wages $25. Ad-
dress E., box 57, Call Office.
A X EASTERN AMERICAN LADY WOULD
-TV. like position as workins housekeeper forgen-
tleman writh ohHdren preferred. Call 1746 Hayes. I
"1 7 L DERLY LADY WOULD LIKE TO GO TO
JJ New York as chaperon for young people or to
1 are for an invalid references. Address E. L., box
77, Call Office.
WANTED- A POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
*' for one or two in family. Address, Eastern
box 11, Call Office.
A NO. 1 DRESSMAKER WILL TAKE EX-
-^l- gagements in families at $2 per day. 1120
Mission si.
\\' \ ED — POSITION AS TYPEWRITER j
" find stenographer: bPst of references; wages
no obbject. Address, 240^2 gjxth st.
\ MERICAN LAD'S WISHES A SITUATION
X\. as working housekeeper in small family, or do
light work and be companion to an invalid. Call
Sui.day at 924 Vi liarrison su
Y"OUNG WOMAN WISHES POSITION AS '■
-L seamstress and upstairs work. Call or address
746 Mission st.
W ILLING YOTJNG I.Ai'Y FROM THE
' I country wishes work of any kind, by the day,
SI a day. Call or address 1218 York st.. city.
DESPK( fABLE yoUNG LADY WISH is A
J-t situation for general housework in a small
family. Apply 2132 Union st.
T ADY WITH LITTLE GIRL WISHES SITU-
J-J aiion to do housework ami care for widower's
family, or will cook for worlcbands in country. Ap-
ply room 12, first flo jr. 124 Sixth St., city.
\\r ILLING WOMAN DESIRES WORK W A If-
'» Ing or cleaning, by the day $1 and carfare.
717 Howard St.
L-Xl'. i BOOKKEEPER DESIRES SITUA-
Xj tion, city or country; holds United States In-
dustrial Agency certificate. Address Accountant
box 115, Call.
V COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
housework: good cook and laundress; refer- i
ence. Call 311 Minua.
TF YOU WANT A DRESSMAKER OB BE \ M-
JL str<-s3call or write to the McDowell Dress-
makicg Academy, 213 Powell st.
}," XPE R I E NCE i> GLOVE SALESLADY
J wants position 111 city, Oakland or San Jose
Address s. M., box 117, Call.
■yOUNG LADY \\"ANTs POSITION AS COP Y-
-*- Ist: is a good writer. Address Copy, box 117,Ca11.
A GERMAN GIRL WISHES A POSITION TO
-c»- do general housework or second work: best
city references. 905 Guerrero st., city.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS TO WASH AND
\J iron and hous.'Cleaning by the day. Call or ad-
dress 116 shipiev St., near Fifth (rear).
P E sPECT A BLE MiTJdLETaGED \vOMAN
XV wants situation to do light housework or would
do nursing or chamberwork. Call or address 034 ;
olsom s'., rear.
GERMAN 1 ADY OF REFINEMENT AND j
ability wishes position as housekeeper Ad- i
dress H. X., box- 119. Call Office.
EXPERIENCED WOMAN WANTS COOKING
J-i or huusework; city or across the bay; refer-
ences. Address W., box 53, Call Office.
yOUNG (URL, 16. ! ESIKK- POSITION A 8
1 cashier, or will make herself u*eful In an office
or store. Address D. R., box 11C, Call oiiice.
WOMAN WISHES TO WORK BY THE DAY
* ' or the week hoosecleauing or washing and !
Ironing. Address 6 Ivy aye. :
ITU A TION WANTED BY A^ YOUNG
O woman for housework and plain cooking; kind
to children. 924 Washington St., near Powell
Call for 3 days.
pOMPETENT PERSON WOULD LIKE TO DO
V washing and housecleanlng by day or week*
reasonable. Address K. L., 326 Polk st. '
RESSMAKER WOULD LIKE HOME OR
will go out by the day at $1 50. 301 Franklin.
IDDLE-AGED Woman WANTS LIGHT
iU housework; sleep home. Call or address 717
Polk st.
SWEDISH GIRIT^WisiIES^SITUATION TO
• do genera! housework in private family. Call
at 1326 Florida st. Monday.
\ I IDDLE-AGED LADY OF EXPERIENCE
IVL wouid like place »s housekeeper or nurse. Call i
or address 240 >iiotwell st.
rpRUST WORTHY WOMAN WANTS WORK
J- by the day; house-cieanlng or washing; has I
local references .Pleaso address 8. H., 222 willow ■
aye., between Eddy and Ellis sts., Van Nes3 aye
and Franklin st.
■y oung"girl wishes a situation to do I
-L light housework and mind children; call for 3 '
days; references eiven. 119 Fair Oaks St., off
Twenty-second ; rear.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES WORK BY THE
J oay, week or month. Apply 3127 Sixteenth st.
"117 OMAN, GOOD COOK, WANTS WORK IN
' » small family; low wages, or will work portion
of dny cheap. Address -M. s., box 78. Call Office.
yOUNG WOMAN EXPERIENCED. ALL
J- kinds of work in hotel or boarding-house: city
or country. 322 Third st., room 37. . •
EASTERN LADY (WIDOW) 2 CHILDREN,
desires housekeeper's situation in widower's
family in the country, if near good schools; home
desired more than money. C. E. W., Playter
b ock, room 8, Oakland.
y OIJXG LADY, THOROUGHLY ACCOM-
-l pllshed In French and German and singing,
wants a position as eompanio:i to a lady or to give
finishing k-ssons in these branches, particularly
French and- singing; highest reference. Address
H. R., box 84, Call Office.
AI IDDLE-AGEJO LADY OF EXPERIF.Ni 1.
>»X would like position as housekeeper for gentle-
man, or chamberwork 111 hotel: city or country
Address room 19, 121 Moatgomery st.
XPERiENCED LAUNDRESS WISHES A
situation In a lanndry. 1799 Filbert st.
Germa.\ girl Wants situation to
yj do general houspwork and cooking: sleep
home, '-all or address 250 Polk st.
T7»LDERLY GERMAN WOMAN WANTS SITU-
-LJ atlorj to do light housework- or mind children-
no cooking. Address MRS. CHARLES GREGJ l:',
Brent wood, ontra costa County. - ~
0 ERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
VJ general housework 111 Twentieth st. -
QITUATION WANTED ,iv A YOUNG GER-
kj man girl to take earn of children and assist in
light housework. 947 Bryant st.
j > ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES 2 OR 3
Jt days' work a week, either washing, Ironing or
, hQusecleaning-. Call or aaOress 62» Uoivara be.
THE SAX- FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
SITUATIONS WASTED- Continued.
QITUATION WANTED BY AMERICAN
O woman In widower's family as housekeeper;
place where there are children; good references.
10 Zoe, oft Bryant, near Third.
I/AQY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
■i keeper or seamstress. Call or address 961 Mis-
sion St.. near Sixth, room 19.
\\MDOW OF EXPERIENCE DESIRES POSI-
»» tion in lodging-house or small family. Apply
230 Turk st. . • .
ESPECTABLE NORWEGIAN ■ GIRL
wants situation for upstairs work. Address or
apply 913 Illinois.
IADV WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
S-i keeper; city or country. 19 Turk, room 18.
Y'.'lNii LADY FROM THE KASI WOULD
■- like position as cashier or saleslady; can jrive
best of reference. Address T., box 19, Call "iiiee.
■yOUNG WIDOW WISHES a POSITION AS
J- housekeeper. Call or address 40 McAllister st.,
room 1.
T7ASTERN YOUNG LADY OF REFINE-
SJ niPiit would like position as housekeeper. Call
963 Mission St., room 9.
OWE DISH .\ 1) GERMAN EMPLOYMENT
office, 113^ Antonla at., opp. Jones, near Kills.
T ADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
-1J neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market, r. 21.
\\riXCHESTEIt HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NR.
.»' Market; electric lights in every room- 200
rooms; 25c to $150 per night: $I*so to $6 per
week free ous to and ironi the ferry. ~.\ •
"VTOTJNG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
J- housekeeper; also a dressmaker: will take
work home: very reasonable. Apply 706 Kliis, r. 2. :
■\7- OTJNG MARRIED LADY WISHES A POSI-
-I- tlon as chambermaid or housework by the day;
can give reference. Address L. F., box 122, Call.
pULTURED LADY WITH EASTERN CER-
\J tih'cate wishes engagements as teacher of his-
tory, literature, mythology and music; unexcep-
tional references. Call or address J. E., care of Sher-
man, Clay & Co., cor. Sutter and Kearny sts.
ADY WISHES POSITION AS HOUSE-
keeper or office work. 601 Post st., room 25.
second lloor.
A'<>l N(, LADY WISHES PLACE AS HOUSE-
J- keeper. Room 5, 203 Powell st.
"WIXCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
W Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
Spl 50 to §6 per week ; convenient and respectable;
free bus to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WA.MEb-alALls.
pOolcsT^vTff EKS~AN D HOTEL HELP ON
V ' hand at J. F. CROSETT & CO.'S, 628 Sacra-
mento s:.
PC. G. COOK'S SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
■ «brauche3;short notice. 14 Geary, ;tel. Grant 46.
UNTEIf & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN^
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPAXESE HELP— EST. 20
V^ypars; tel. 1997. BRADLEY'S, 640 Clay St.
FIRST-CLASS PLUMBER. TIXXER AND
steam litter: city or country. W., box 5, this
ollice.
POSITION WANTED I'.Y SOBER, INDCS-
J. trions man, work ; drive delivery wagon or
other work; best of references; no agents. Address
A. G., 1059 Market st.
OTJNG MA N ' 'V 18 WANTS A POSITION AS
i driver or to work in store. Call or address 1001
Sierra st., Potrero.
A\rORK WANTED— STEADY, INDUSTRIOUS
'» young man, 21 years, for board and lodging
until worth more. Address J. B. \Y., box 107, Call
Oflice.
T?IBST-CLASB, RATTLING GOOD 111 STLER
X on the road, traveled 10 \ear.t. can han lie any-
thing, wants a job: references the very best. iio
you want a good man on the road? Address C. P.
X., room 2, Columbian building, city.
"VTURSE OR VALET TO INVALID GEXTLE-
-•-> man; long experience: highest medical and
private references; speaks French, German, Eng-
lish. Address Nurse, 315 Stockton si.
IRST-CL A N \\ S l' A KM A N WANTS A
-13 job in a. town or city outside of rfrlsco as editor
or manager of a daily or weekly: 20 years' ex-
perience; married; temperate; practical printer,
and references iir<i class. Address J. W. HINES,
1216 Scott st., San Francisco.
QITI ATION WANTED BY A YOUNG MAN
j O as cleric in hotel or store or barkeeper; from
line family; speaking French, Spanish, Italian and
I English; good recommendations given. Address
S. X., box 69, this oitice.
PRACTICAL MINING Man DESIRES POSI-
J tion as manaceror foreman at a quartz mine;
anderstan Is bookkeeping, i ngineerlng and
assaviugand all underground work. Address J.,
box 59, this office.
T7XPERIEXCED COUPLE WISHES to an-
J-i age restaurant; man good cook, to take kitchen;
Wife lining-room. 703 Stockton st.
]O U NDHY HANDY MAN; MOLDING,
J filing, polishing, etc.; brass or iron. Address
Handy, tx>x 76, Call Office.
ECIIANIG AND HANDY MAN IN GKN-
I'J. eral wants work; city or country: small wages
expected. Address L. M., box 164, Call Office.
pOA.CHM.AN AND GARDENER WANTS A
\J situation: Oakland and San Bafael references;
is thoroughly experienced and reliable. Address
L. C. box 127, Call Office.
I RST-CLASS COACHMAN WANTS SITUA-
tion; bas best of references; 4 years in present
place. Address D. F., box 16, Call Office.
SI I I ATION IS WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
as an all-around hana about place: city or
country. Address A. r... box 186, Call Office."
IT U ATION WANTED IN RESTAURANT
kj or saloon by a reliable, steady man. Address
1412 Powell s:., room 13.
\\T AN Ti-:D- i'.Y AN EXPERIENCED VINI-
'» culturist, a position at employer's terms. Ad-
dress 1.. V., box 76, Call Office.
L'l RST-CLASS M EAT COOK FROM EASTERN
-L coast desires situation: strictly sober and good
hustler; first-clnss place preferred. Address Cook,
box 100, Call Offic .
DELI ABLE young max with BANKING
IX experience wants position in office or store.
Address G., box 77, (.his office.
XPERfENCED CLOAK SALESMAN IS OPEN
for engagements. Address H. P., box 17, Call.
ANISH COUPLE, MAN AND WIFE;
young, practical people: want situations in the
city or country. \ddresa 121 1V2 Bnshst.
Y OUNGTIAN (26) DESIRES A POSITION AS
-«- bookk< eper: has a good knowledge of book-
! keeping; best of reference. B. X., box 10, call.
'. JAPANESE FIRST-CLASS , COOK" WANTS
Bitnation In family; city or country. Address
F. 0.. 617 Mission st.
TEADY, RELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES
to learn baker's trade. Address E. W., box 8,
this Oiiice. .
VOUXG MAN WANTS A POSITION AS BAR-
X tender or groceries; first-class references;
sneaks German and English; low wages. Address
P.; box 21, this oiiice.
yoi NGMAN.WEIiLEDI CATEDANDWTTH
■1- good references, wishes to drive a delivery
wagon or work ns a night watchman. Address v.
R.. boa 79, Call Office.
EBMAUB lIIiLP ■ WANTED.
AirANTED— LADY'S MAID FOR CITY,
»» also governess to go to l'ortlan.l, Or., must be
French or German: also French nursery governess
for city, $25; 3 first-class German cooks, $35 and
$30: Irish waitress and parlor-maid, $25: 50
housework giris, city and country, $25and'.«20
Apply Miss PLUNKETT, 424 Suuer st. *
\\r AITRESS, COUNTRY HOTEL, $20: CH A.M-
-» » bermaid, assist waiting, $17; family und ranch
cooks, $25 and $20: girls for housework mid cook-
Ing, city and country Apply MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st.
E77 GIRLS AND WOMEN CAN FIND SITUA-
*J\J tions, private families and hotels Monday
by applying to MURRAY «fc READY, 634 day st.
WEDISH COOK, <i;Y SeFeSeNCES *30"
O small family; cook and laundress for family or
S, see party here, $25; German second giri, S2O-
French second girl, $20; 3 neat young American
women for housework, city, $20; 10 German "ills
for $20, housework places, city and con.try- a
number of young plrls to assist, $12 to $18; Scan-
dinavian housekeeper. C. R. HANSEX & CO
110 Geary st. .'■_, ..• ''
1 ' WAITRESSES, FIRST-CLASS HOTEL. LOS
\J Angeles, $20; call Monday morning early C
R. HANSEN & CO., 110 (i. ary st. .
VTEAT YOUNG AMERICAN HOUSEWORK
-L> irl. family of 2, $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
10 Geary at.
9 WOME N FOR CHAMBERWORK FOR LODG-
*- lug-house to-day. MME. LEOPOLD, JO Stock-
ton st.
Gi TO ASSIST in light HOUSEWORK]
Apply 735 Guerrero st.
J ADY TO LEARX IKBNCH TAILOR SYS-
y-i tern; $12 week. Addreas 1033 Mission be.
EXPERIENCED BILKER AND OPERATOR
±J on gloves. Apply at 611 y Gough st.
fl IRL F )K LIGHT HOUSEWORK; WAGES
VI_»8. 617 Third st.
DI Kssm a X i I ; s WANTED — FIRST-CLASS
dressmakers; none others need apply. •• 504
Butter st.
PPRENTICE WANTED FOR DRESSMA K-
- fv lng. 559 Stevenson St., near Seventh.
WANTED- YOUNG GIRL FOR GENERAL
'» housework and plain cooking; family of two
and one child. Call Monday, vet. 9 aud 12. 138
Fulton st.
pIRL, 14 OR 15 YEARS; LIGHT HOUSE-
vX work and care of baby; good home to right
one; references; $8. Address G. U., box 126
Call Otlice. . •
\%r ANTED -PUPILS FOR MILLINERY
*i school: class or private: young ladles fitted
for the trade; reasonable. 410 Leavenworih st.
I VY I A T , WILLING AND RESPECTABLE GIRL
J-i or woman 10 care for child and make herseif
generally useful; must have good reference; good
home to the proper person; no cooking or washing.
c all to-day. 1420 Grove, bet. Broderick and Baker.
P ESPECTABLE gTrT: " FOll GENERAL
■U' housework ;small family. 1045 McAllister.
JpXPEIUENCkDOPERATORS ON WHjEELER
-lj «fc \\ Ils3ii machines to make white shirts.
Btanaard Shtri Factory, Gough and Grove.
W ANTED- YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT
rllii o2«» c S ork . 9mall fiin "l>-; must sleep home.
Call 2807 Harrison st.. near wenty-fourth.
WANTED— NEAT GIRLS AND WOMEN to
"do cooking, general housework, second work,
etc., to lill the most desirable places In Oakland
aua vicinity. 821 Broadway, room 17, Oakland.
.'■";., '■■y--.:- • . ■<■••■.•--. - ■-- - -",-..■ - ■
TTELP^WA?! TED-Contlnned.
yOUNG GERMAN GIRL TO ASSIST~IN
X housework; family of 2; $7 month. 416 Mc-
Allister st.
\r OUNG GERMAN GIRL, EXPERIENCED IN
J- housework, to wait in bakery: wage.* $15. 125
Seventh st. "
A I LORESS WANTED. 2803 GREENWICH
-1- st., cor. Baker.
IRL FOR HOUSEWORK .AND COOOKING;
VJ Bmali family. 1727 Page st.
OUB fall closing-out SALE FROM now.
g-.Jt. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
y OUNG GIRL ABOUT 14 TO ASSIST. AD-
X dress M its. r., box 8, this office.
VTOW IS THE TIME 'TO ENTER THE Mr>
-ri DOWELL DRESSMAKING ACADEMY,
ihe year just past has been a most successful
one. We begin the new year January 6, under
V i? iy uivorable circumstances. Three years ago
the McDowell Dressmaking School started in one
room, to-day we occupy the entire building of 12
rooms, newly papered" arid repainted: good light,
pure air and perfectly healthy. We specially in-
vite every mother and all parties interested in
educational work to call nnd see for themselves the
magnitude of our institution. It has no equal
on this coast and nothing superior to it in Chicago,
Hew iork or Boston. We teach the cutting,
lilting and making of everything that Is new.
novel and stylish. We received the first award nt
the orld's Fair, only system receiving 'cold
medal at the Midwinter Fair and highest award at
the otton Exposition, Atlanta. I say again, now
Is the time to enter THE McDOWEDL DRESS-
MAK.INQ ACADEMY, at 213 Powell St., S. F.
DBOF. LIVINGSTON'S DRESS-CUTTING
J- School removed to 627 Larkin st.; special In-
ducements this month.
WAITRESSES FOR COUNTRY DANCE-
» » hall. Apply 35 Taylor st., room 1.
n ERMAN GfRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSE-
__ work. ff36 Fifteenth St., bet. Noe and Castro.
EAUTY CULTURE. HAIRDRESSING, MAN-
1* icuro parlors; all branches tanght thoroughly;
terms moderate; free to our agents. Carmel Cos-
metic Co., 131 Post st.
AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE— DRESS-
cutting school. 1231 Market bet. Bth and 9th.
HAIBDR , 25c AND 800; MORNING
and ev'gcla.sses;lo lessons,sl 50. 1248 M ission.
UUPILs WANTED NOW FOR MILLINERY;
-I- new term begins Jan. 6, lS9ti. 234 Taylor st.
pOXCERT, OPERA-POTPOURRI, GIVEN BY
V, ocal reacher Joseph Greven. Odd Fellows'
Hal,, on the Bth of January, 1896; tickets 50c, ad-
mitting gentleman and lady; for at the promi-
nent music and other stores.
j \RESS-CUTTING TAUGHT, U. S. TATLOB
XJ system. 14 McAllister st., rooms 67 and 68.
7VI OS 1 CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
-lU- W inchester House. 44 Third st., near Market;
JOO rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bos to aud from the ferry.
WANTED— LADIES TO LEARN A
'» complete course in millinery; will guarantee
them positions in spring: rates reasonable: Call at
the New Institute, 121 Post st., room 51.
\\ INCH Eif E HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
" Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $150 per niirht; $1 50 to $6 per
week : f r»e bus to and from the ferry.
I)UI'ILS WANTKI); " POSITIONS GUARAN-
X teed: patterns 25c up- latest skirts 35c. McDOW-
I-.1.L s Dressmaking Acailemy. 213 Powell st.
MALE HELP WA.MED.
\\- AN lEl)-^^T^T^CXA^S^^fTE^"FOR
'» country, 45; must bring references as a but-
ler. Apply M Iss PLUNKEI'T, 424 Sutu r St.
ADVERTISING AGENT WANTED.
A leading firm of this city, manufacturine high-
class culinary commodities, requires several gen-
tlemen of good address to in roduce the goods
direct to the notice of consumers by locatfng in
small Interior towns. The position demands bright
and energetic men, possessing ihe faculty of talk-
ing pleasingly and convincingly. Before making
an application intending ! applicants should ask
themselves (a) whether they desire to connect
themselves with a reputable and well-established
house, where ihe opportunities for advancement
depend upon the ability, zeal and industry dis-
played by the party through the tangible results
accomplished by him: and (b) whether thej pos-
sess the qualifications, backed by perseverance
and ambklon, essential to fill the position success-
fully..
>o arrangement will be made on a commission
basis. Graduatfd salaries will be paid, comm nc-
ing with $7S per month.
Those who are not willing to demonstrate their
fitne sfora higher and more remunerative posi-
tion by lirst showing themselves worthy of it need
not apply.
Applicants will be wasting their time in replying
to this advertisement if they are su careless as not
to state:
(a) Age.
(b) Nationality.
(c) Married or unmarried.
(d) Experience, in what lines and with whom.
(0) Local reverences, if any.
Add. MANUFACTURER," box 119. Call Office.
I V ANTED— A BOY TViTb CHOKES AT THE
'T Sheppard House, San Quentln, Cal.
I 'ORB U W WANTED ON A BANCH BY AN
elderly Scotchman. Address lor further partio
ulars H., box 20, Call Ofhce
cTT^Ta week using AND SELLING
<iP^ rt -' Royal Plater: complete outfit; easily oper-
ated by dipping in melted metal; no polishing or
gnndine: come out Of plater with fine finish. We
furnish materials, teach agents. Light, easy work-
blß profit; sample of work: testimonials free.
rit<- GRAY ifc CO., Dept. 9, Columbus, Ohio.
J AINDUYMAN WANTED-A GOOD ALL-
XJ round man; Christian home; willing to make
himself useful. Apply box 107, Campbell, Santa
Clara County.
ELL EDUCATED, INTELLIOE-T BOY
'I forerrands and office work; smallsalary: ad-
dress in applicant's writing, stating a;e and quali-
ncations. Address Boy, oox 86, Call.
WANTED— Mi -.N AND WOMEN TO WORK
» » at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening; Bend for particulars
and becin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. '
INI I.I.MAN WELL ACQUAINTED' W I T I i
VJ the trade in the southern part of this state, and
permanently located in Los Angeles, would like
to represent a good San Francisco or Eastern house
in a general lin* or some specialty on commission
Address s. A., box 16*5, this ofii •
ELOETIC MA N" WHO CAN GET AROUND
XJ beiore the middle of the day. 423 Spreckels
building.
ANTED- DRU EB FOR PLUMBERS'
" sopply house. Must be well acquainted with
San ranclsco trade or not wanted. Apply by let-
ter, DALZIEL & MOLLEIt, 504 Mission st.
yOUNG MAN, A GOOD CORRESPONDENT.
± . to Illakl himself generally usefnl in merchant
tailoring husimss; furnish reference. Address M
box 115, Call. ■'
■W ANI 1,1, MKDICAL sin, kvt OR DISEN-
-1 T gaged driiK-rist for temporary position. Room
515, Spreckels building. Tuesday.
W ANTED- WAITER. 613 CLAY STREET?
"V OU MAN WANTS WINDOW AND
J- house cleaning in exchange for board, or jani-
tor's work or offlce-cleanlng at low wages. - Ad-
dressß. A., box 16, fall uilice.
\\r ANTED- PARTNEB WITH HKANB IN
»» gold separator; saves as close as expert miner
can pan 2 tons per hour. Address a. 8., box 70,
WIDOW WANTS WORKING PARTNER-
'» must have JS76. A. A., box 117, this office. '
W ANTED-M A N VV 1 LLI NO TO ' VVORK^
'» must Invest $50. X., box 131, this otlice. '
\\ • a NT EJ>-«UOD ADVERTISING solici-
>> tor. Address L.L., box li 2, Call. oul ' I^ l
WANTED-GOOD PEOPLE, SMALL CAPI-
*' tal. to take dining-room; free rent. 227 Geary.
I ARBER-SHOP; CITY FRONT; GOOD TBAN-
I» > sient place; cheap rent. See STOLTZ, 630
"I)ARBER-S:-IOP; DOWNTOWN; 3 CHAIRS
XJ and combination case, etc.; 15c shaving; can
be bought cheap before the 10th. See STOLTZ,
680 Market si.
',()() y ]\ :X TO GKT A STYLISH AND Driß^
.V. ttbU ' shOf ' niili| " t0 ordpr at $'- 50; repairing
at half price. 959 Howard s-. p S
NTEW J VA DO 11i.U5k77«.-i MISSION, bet.
X^i Third and Fourth-Single furnished rooms per
day 15c up; per week $1 up; open all night.
DUCK AND DUMPLING FOR 100 TO-DAY.
Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth st.
A , L SMI F. WANTED-TO SELLOURGOODS
V, t0 Hl» i eS Oand - ret *" trade; goods sell on
sight. Liberal salary or com mission paid. Position
permanent. Foi Particulars address Centennial
Manl g Co., Atlanta, Ga. Factory, Milwaukee, Wis.
M.MIKIKNT COLLECTOR, WHO HAS HAD
y city experience, is wanted: all persons who
have lost cleric 1 or skiUed poail ion,, on the first of
the year will do W ell to cull at once on the United
states Industrial Agency, r. 167, Crocker building.
w anted-bright"salesman KXPK-
H'>RAiirt-tV AJ ' lr MARCEaU the fotografer,
H-o Market St., stating age and references. . .
D l }- AK . I)CaSTLE > DENTIST;" REMOVED
to 628 Montgomery st.; hours 9 to 5.
"VIF-NTOSELL MANHATTAN EGG FOOD;
-tVI- is the best.' C. KERTELL. San Mateo. .
\\ r A XTED— FIRST-CLASS CORNET-PLAYER
1 1°; Unlte(l «tatc-s flagship Philadelphia. Take
pier vt launch.
C-EAMEN FOR EUKOPE, NEW YORK AND
KJ Australia. 103 Montgomery aye.
yOUNG MAN OVER 18; WINE AND
-i liquor store. Address W. N., box 6, Call. |
rmiE RAILROAD HOUSE, 683 COMMERCIAL
... St., Delow -Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night.
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
BABBEB - BHOP FOR SALE; RUNNING
3 chairs. S 1 1 ._. Fourth st. .
OESTMEAL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: S
XJ courses, 10c, at Seattle Restau rant, 137 Fourth
AI AN WHO CAN I.UAN EMPLOYER $300
-ni- can have good-paytng position in general mer-
chandise Btore. Address box 255, Lodi, Cal.
U'HAT CHJSSB HOUSE. 523 SACBAMENTO
»» st.: aoo rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, $1 a week: meals 10c,
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 ird st.. NEAR
»t Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; readlnj;-
-room; free bus to and from the ferry. . .
HELP WAMED-Contlnned.
BARBERS. AT^E^TkSnT^THE~EM PLO V
rrwnt oflice of the Barbers' Association of Cali-
fornia will be found until further notice with P. C.
HAM ANN, 38 1. 2 O'Farn-ll st; don't be mislead
! bvo'hprH'ircnls-mpnts. .T. KLITCH, President.
j l.»-.i.i>r.K -twKi-..UI'IjiVMKST CALL SKC-
X* re:arv Barbera'Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
\\T ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECEIVE
" their wages to place accounts with us: law and
commercial collection; no ch arge unless successful.
KNOX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 Suttpr. r. 1.
LEARN A TRADE— LADIKS AND (ii.-s 1 i-i.-
-men students wanted; o^ily 8 weeks required ;
tools given, write for catalogue. San Francisco
Barher College. 116 Eleventh St.
K..SEi>Ai.K HOU.-E, 321 ELLIS ST.— SINGLE
furnished rooms, 20c; $1 per week.
I|||"|MEA TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
LM\J and 20c a night, Including coftee aDd rolls.
624 W ashington St., near Kearny.
"\\r A NTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
TT steam beer. sc ; bottle wine. sc. 609 Cay st.
\\r AN ED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
tt week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room : daily papers. 36 Clay st.
]V| EN'S i/2-SOLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
ITI while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
LI DE LI. HOVSE, SIXTH AND HOWaßD-
slngle fLrmshed rooms; 75c week, 15c night.
i 1 EARN A TRADE— SIGN OR PICTORIAL
I ■i-J painting taught for?s; great opportunity . D.
LEVY, 35 Eighth st.. San Francisco.
|)ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMI'LOY-
J-> ment secretary. CON BAD TBl n-.1.L. Hr>7Cla.v.
W' ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
tt to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150
large rooms: 25c per night; $1 to $8 per week.
T^KEE BEER-TWO BCHOONERS FOIi sc;
X also a bottl «of lager, sc, at G37 Clay St.
OZART. 319 ELLIS, ROOMS 25C TO 50C
■LVI- night, $1 25 to $5 week; reading rooms. ■>
REE COFFEE AND ROLLS. 704 SANSOME;
X single rooms ISc, 20c a night, 9\ a week.
BEST IN~CIT7— SINGLE ROOMS, 16, 20 AND
25 cents per night; SI, $1 25, $1 50 r*r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
A \(\ MEN'S SECONIKH AN DEI) SiiOEsTsOME
ttUUnearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission st.
rnKY ACME HOUSE. 957 MARKET ST., BE-
X low Sixth, for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
; TUST OUT; NEW MACHINE FOR RKPAIR-
-0 ing shoes: call and see: half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing at half price: work guar-
anteed. 862 Mission st.. bet. First and second.
agents WA.NTKU.
\if ANTED— Ii OR 3~ FIRST-CLASS LADY SO-
»' licitors to sell a new patented article pertain-
ing to lady's apparel ; never has been placed on the
market. For further information call at 1724
Taylor St., Oakland, Cal. ; call from 1 to 6P. m.
mil?: ONLY SURE MONEY-MAKERS FOR
J- agents: we have ageuts who are clearing large
sums, and sales increasing. ALUMINUM NOV-
| ELTY CO.. 1508 Market st.
\\rANTED-GOOD SOLICITOR TO ACT AS
'* c'ty agent for a well-established Jinn. Apply
EN iET C AGENTS FOR A NEW AND
line house coal. Address Coal, box 163, Call.
FOTJB TRAVELING SALESMEN WANTED
X to sell all kinds of riding vehicles, scales, re-
frigerators and recently patented novelties. 57
Chronicle building:
CALIFORNIA MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY
/ wants eood agents to work its accident and
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J.
W. HANNA Secretary, Murphy building.
HOISKS WANTED.
"i\r a nted-^uknlshp^d HouT-iETio^oirTS
1 tt rooms, in Western Addition. Address F. U..
■ box 76, Call Oflice. .
"DEFINED YOUNG" CO UPLJE, WHO CAN
At give the best of references, no children, anrl in
every way desirable tenants, wish a well-furnished
flat or cottage in desirable neitrhDorhood. Address,
stating location and price, H. 8., bot 10t>. this ollice.
BOARDING WANTED:
OTJNNY ROOM WITH GOOD^L^aTn^IViXrD
] O In companionable family, for Invalid lady; no
1 Objection to distance. Address, with terms, 927
.Market st.
i;o.« WA.N'l'iil).
STUDENT WISHES ROOM WITH PRIVATE
family, where some oneca a-sist him in Latin
and mathematics; terais must be moderate. Ad-
dress D. S., box 92, Call Office.
7TNFURNISHFD BOOM WANTED FOR AN
<J old lady. Call at 1023 Valencia st.
PBOFEKTK WAMKI).
T>ROTERTY W^NTTTiT^TJHI^P^C^mN^ER
X business property; $3000 to $20,000: give net
Income and location; no agents. Investor, box
89. Call Office.
OFFICE WANTED.
D~~^ES ifll6?m'WA3?TET^^
oilice by stenographer. Address E. O box
10f>. Call Office. '
WAM».Ii-j.i.it;.. i .{,A.\JiOUs.
WANTED— Pi (STAL-CABD SIZED .PR ESS
'» with or without type; in pood order; cheap,
Write particulars to 1. It. M., 1190 9th st., Alameda!
r; GALLONS MILK WANTED DAILY; SURE
t O pay. Leave order Third and Howard sis.
ADVERTISER WANTS SMALL STOCK OF
xx merchandise; must be a bargain; small town
preferred. Address Cash, box 2, Call Office.
YV" anted— yotjb watch, if it needs
tt repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUss, watchmaker, 126 Kearny st., third tloor.
ELL YOUB BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
t..^ elrv 10 A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.: send postal
LOST.
T^ST^TirullSD^Y^MTrirslirVEß" WATCH
XJ with key; Reward. 932 Bush st.
T OST— SUNDAY, DEC. 29, WHITE SMALL
Xi siut: 2 yellow ears, curly tail, chain nickel
collar; reward. 495 Haignt St., near Fillmore.
1 OST— GORDON SETTER PUP; AGE 15
XJ months; name Dick; reward. 70(5 Folsom St.,
ci ty.
T OST-NEW YEAB'S MORNING, BLACK
! J-i coal. overcoat and .-iifr-biit'on. $10 for return
1 of coat and button to the Oberon, O'Farrell st.
I OBT-CHBIBTMAS EVE, PAPERS: VALC-
XJ able to owner: liberal reward. 229 Fourteenth.
I FRIDAY MORNING, ON 10:30 TRAIN
■1 from Oakland or steamer Piedmont, black seal
purse with Initials 1- D. on it. Finder will please
leave at Call Office and receive reward.
I OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Saving and Loan Society of San Francisco In
the name of Bessie Galvin (No. 167121). The
finder will please return to bank.
lAN. 3— YOIJNo BLACK SETTER. WHITE
O spot under chin; will pay reward. 10)5 Powell.
LUST-rDARK-BROWN SPANIEL DOG; RE-
ward. lteturn cor. Eighteenth and Shotwell.
T OST— A PASSBOOK WITB THEHXBERNIA
XJ Savings and I ouri bOCtety of ■-it.i Francisco,
in the name of MRS. ALICE J. COSGROVE, No.
191,691. The Bndei will please return to bank.
I OST-A passbook WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings and Loan Society of Snti Francisco in
tbenameof ELLEN NYHAN; No. 198,099. The
: Bnder will please return to bank.
FOUXI).
FOUND— DOG; OW'NER^A^nT.VVE
same on proving- property and paying ci-
penses. 818 Bartlett St.
MEDICAL,.
A BLESSING TO I.AIHIs INSTANT RE
lief for monthly Irregularities (from whatever
cause) by the moat experienced ladies' physicians
; In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved
: method, superior to others: ladies will save time
i and money, be assured of honest treatment by
; consulting the doctors before calling on others;
j patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
c ially invited; home in conllnement: treatment
warranted: advice free, confidential. DR. and MRS.
DA VIES, 14 McAllister st., near Jones.
ANEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
mems or worthless pills used; every woman
her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
ter from what cause; restores always in one day ;
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on men's
physlcjan ;knowledge can be sent and used at home;
all cases guaranteed. DB, POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
T AI^IES — CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, for
particulars, "Relief for Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at druggists. Chicliester Chemical Company,
j Philadelphia. Pa^
PRIVATE HOSPITAL, 937 MISSION ST.;
X patients receive bestoi care : terms moderate.
T ADIES — DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA
i XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: never fall;
: $1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis su,
i formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
R, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER XXXI, NEAR
;Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A SUBS CUBS FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
-rV eases, from whatever cause; a home in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 886 Turk st.
D^ U PRAE'S FEMALE REGULATING PILLS;
safe and efiicient emmenagogue; $1 per box.
RICHARDSACO., druggists. 4U6 Clay sole ag'ts.
A HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S. 1416Elghth St.. Alameda.
I"\R. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
XJ diseases of women and restores all Irregulari-
ties In one day, guaranteeing a cure or no charge:
regulator JB2; home for patients. 1370 Market at.
\| KS. DR. WEUENER; PRIVATE HOME IN
I>l confinement: Irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation: pills $3. 419 Eddyjst.
~\ LL " FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE-
-TV stored In a. few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home In con-
finement; French pills guaranteed; consult free.
MRS. DR. WYETII, 916 Post St., near Larkln.
\ LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS, A BOON TO
J\- ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and nure: $2 60 express C. O. D. don't dei»y
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland, Cal.
IF IRREGULAR Olt ANY FEMALE DISEASE!
see Mrs. Dr. Puetz and be content. 254Va 4th.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TEJ3
WEEKLY CALL, la wraoper. for mailing. -
PERSONALS. ■
Oiti^r^FA7RIITJRSTT""AN ENGLISIIMAN,
well known in Santa Cruz. Felton and San Fran-
cisco. Any information concerning him will be
thankfully received by his wife, MBS. ROSE
FAIRHURST, box SS, Call Office. ■
intr ANTED —TO EXCHANGE UNIXCUM-
»f bered lots for house ren: north of Market St.,
in respectable neighborhooi. Call or address 321
Guerrero st.
T?AXCY DANCING AND A HOP GIVEN BY
1 Irvine's Academies at Franklin Hall, Fillmore
and P.ush sts., Thursday evening, Jan. 9, 1896.
j SUPERFLUOUS HAIR REMOVED PERMA.
I kJ nently: painless; sample treatment free; hair-
dressing, short hair cut, curled 25c; positive cure
for dandruff. MME. KEssi .\, .s, 131 Larkin st.
I^OR FINE POULTRY ANU UAME GO TO A.
r BTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
DANCING FOR BALLKuOM OR STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
KAG CARPETS WOVE >ordk p., FOR SALE;
aiso chenille-wove rugs, silk- rag portieres; deal-
er in carpet twine in hank or chain at lowest rates.
I GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
MISS LOESEL. ELECTRICIAN. REMOVED
from cor. Leavenworth and O'Farrell sts. to
40-Ji^ Geary St., room^
TMPORTED HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
J- high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar
1627 Devisadero st.. nenr Sutter.
■OARTIXGTOX'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars address or apply 424
Pine sti
\UALL PAPER CLeTneT* BY XEW LIGH I
• » ning process: no muss or dirt. Address
LOUIS E. SCHOLL, National Wall Paper Clean-
ing Co., 207 Montgomery st. _______
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE ND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc. G.
W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
AIR-DRESSING ANY STYLE,2Sc WAVING
included: excellent switches and front pieces
forsl; hair chains made to order irom 52 50 up;
strictly one price; established 1869. 11l Stockton
st. B. SPITZ, G. LEDERER successor.
MRS. DR. PAUL MEYER, THE BEST
IX beauty doctor In the cltv, has removed from
504 Sinter st. to 1219 Polk, near Sutter.
LE. PHILLIPS, GENiSRAL PRACTICE IX
. U. 8. and State courts; damage cases. Offices,
725-726 Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
COME, HAVE YOUR FEATHER BEDS. PlL-
lowa filled. 870 Mission, cor. sth. O. McCABE.
ffl»l A ROOM; CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
»IpX floor. 206, Leavenworth at.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IX EVERY ROOM—
J chester House, 44 Third st., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 BO to $6 per
week; free bus to and from the ferry.
\f RB. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OK
l'l Ypsilanti Union Suits and Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ober Corsets for stout ri^u es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, Jennes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outtits; great reductions:
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
HICKS' DETECTIVE AG NCY— ADDRESS-
es located: experienced and tried men for
city and country; watchmen and guides furnished;
information and advice strictly confidential. Call
or writo HICKS, 610 Spreckels bidg, 927 Market st
I.W PROGRESSIVE WINDOW ANDHOUSE
-i.' cleaning Co. ;fioors scrubbed :contracts;day.wlc
or mo. F. CARNOVAL & CO.. Eddy, tel. S. 252.
I T A VERITE HAIRDRESSIXG PARLORS
XJ moved to 30 Kearny st. (over Maskey's) ; wigs,
switches, doll wigs, to or.ti:r.
] OHN SMITH HAS MOVED TO 327-329
: tl Suiter st., between Stockton st. and <Jraii: aye.,
where the Oest of coal can be had at lowest prices.
ONE MORE CUT— .;
Oak Roll Top Desks. $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 up 1
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up j
Oilcloths and Linoleums 30c up
Stoves and Ranges $3 up
Thousands of bargains. We keep everything.
Cash 01 time payments- J. NOONAN,
1017. 1019. 1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
EGYPTIAN HENNA, $1; HAIRDYE. PER-
X-i fectly harmless. Langley-Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hnbbnrd's 923, llauptli's. 1156 Market.
LIBERAL ADVANCES OX I'IAMo.NDs, JEW-
-i elry, etc.: lowest ratC3. 9 IS Market st.
I i\\\(\ BUSIN i:ss CARDS, $1 50: TELE-
XVJUU phone "Blade 141." HILL. 724 Market.
SDITS MADE TO ORDER OF ELEGANT
remnants for $10; scmples' and self-measure- 1
menl on application. LEON LEMOS, Merchant
Tailor, 1332 MarKet st.. San Francisco.
OECOND-HAXD AS WELL as NEW BARS,
O showcases, counters, sheivings, mirrors, desks,
pafea, chairs, scales, et«\, and a very large stock of
them, too: be .sure and see stock and ijet prices be-
fore gom? elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019,
1021, 1023 Mission St.. above Sixth.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGH"T AND SOLD:
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission st., near Eighth.
C- 1 '> sriTS TO ORDER; SAMPLE BY MAIL.
<gX^i NEUHAUS. Merchani Tailor. 115 Kearny.
CI.OAKs, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
) mfrs' cost. Factory, 20 Sansome St.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS AN" LADIE-T
clothing boucht. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR S CENTS—
. V WEEKLY CALL, in wraDDer. for mailing.
Ul^-.'i.iMAnKiiS.
DR ESSI^T^^aI^D^I^WRaTpERS. 35c
DRESBES, -- AND UP; WRAPPERS. 35c
and up. 503 Natoma Bt., upstairs.
ROFESSOR LIVIN> I. > DRESS-CUT-
ting school removed to G-J7 Larkin .st.
RESSEs CUT a.n 1 FITTED, $3: DRESSES
poiuiiar pruvs: engii"ein.i:: s hy .lav, 11 Geary.
.PIANOS. Vli»Ll><S. JSTC.
FOUR UPBIGHTi I N^OUR~B ARGA f X
X? room this week, and they are sp cially fine
bargains: they aro worth much more tuan we ask
for them: they will sell qt:ickly, so don't <leln>
calling. THF. J. DEWING CO., war. rooms second
floor, Flood building. 100 pianos to selecet from.
tN ELEGANT CHICK EBING PIANO WILL
-\ be sacriflc dal once by party rt-movlng froiu
the city; nu tbe sold at once, therefore don't de-
lay calling. Room 21, Flood building.
MAGNIFICI Nl ST KIN WAY PIANO OV-
f. red for sale by private party who must real-
ize cash at once. Room 10. Flood building.
\ N UPRIGHT PIANO, GOOD TONE. DUR-
jCA able.and only slightly used, worth $300, will
sell for about half that, Itoom 21, 809 Market st.
REAT BARGAI.N IN PIANOS. HORNUNG'S
Piano House, 216 Post st.
XAT M. O. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FAR-
' » rell, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
and organs sold for cash or Installmi
VfEW UPBIGHT PIANO CHEAP OX AC-
-l-i count of removal. 723Va Me AUister st.
TVTICE UPRIGHT, 5A1..11 11 FOR $75.
±1 Rm. 10, 809 Market st.
AONIFICEXT PA I: i.« .11 ORGAN; MUST
sell; nearly new. 313 Devisadero st.
A~ OUB NEW RENT CONTBACT PLAX
for Belling pianos has met with great success
we nave decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take advantage ol it ; please call and
have it explained. SHERMAN". CLAY & CO.,
corner Kearny and Sutter sts.
(JJj 1 7 - CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
«J)X I •'• upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nes3.
\- EW YORK MAKE UPRIGHT GRAND $1057
±1 Weber $275. BRUENN'S, 228 Post st.
TJEMOVED— F. \V. SPENUER <fi CO. TO 338
XV Post St., near Powell, sole agents Conover,
Colby and Spencer pianos. 338 Post st.
ECKER BROS.. STEIN WA Y.FISCHER AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. KOIILER Jt
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st.
ASY TERMS; LOW PRICES. KOULER <fc
CHASE.
AN ELEGANT DISPLAY OF MANDOLINS;
guitars and banjos at MAUVAIS', 769 Market.
TTUNE PIANO FOR SALE OB RENT CHEAP
I' SCHMITZ.I6 McAllister st.,nxt Hlbernla P.nrik
YRON MAI7.Y, 308 POST ST.— sOHMERJ
Newby A Evans, Briggs and other pianos.
SUPERIOR VKiLINs, ZITHERS. OLOAXEW
H. Ml 1, 1.1t, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
QTEINWAY, $215: WEB i-.l</ $265; soml E
kJ $237; Wily, fl'Js; squares, $35 and $55'
HEINE. 410 Posi st. *
pHICKERING, KNABE. STECK.VOSE, STERi
\J ting pianos: special Inducements for the holi-
days; see our new piano for $187; pianos for rent-
open evenings. BENJ. CURTAZ & BON i«
O'Farrell. " ' x "
PI AN 1 ~ —
X Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson; easy terms. 735 Market st.
"T RRIVED-A LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGirl
2\ grade I. L. Neumann piauos for the holtd&va.
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
ETAINES BMOS.' PIANO -A SUPERB in
II strun ont ; suri.assin? any piano that wo hava
lr.lher.o handMd: we mvitp a critical ii, 5 ,,,,,.h7._
a. L. BANCROFT A Co., 3J4 i-.,sw '"»Pectioa
l'KJf FOR BUSINESS^ "
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sals
in rancisco. j. harry SCOTT,
929 Market st.. M.reeVe.s' building. _
ii«>i;s s] ~ ~
— . aye.: telephone south 401
l()0r Xi ' S HARNESS vt-
A <E^ EGA^^^DER?pli^ T 77^;^7r~^:
-A has been used for 3 mom , «■ ) X 'X H
; half its 32O'Farr U8t.,^ 0m Jr theriaform atlonla-
quire at »•/ O'FarrcU B "t., i r^ m lr s ' > ll( -' r '^"rmation in-
' m "' '..-.-
BtTRINESS CHANCES.
ijjXnn PARTNE^R WANTED IN~L7onx
•ir«->v/V/. business: carried on by present owner
over 14 years; trade of the leading mercaniQo
bouses of the city: business to be enlarged and pays
cow $80 to $100 a month each : this la worth inves-
tigatli experience not necessary*. Johnston Ji
CO., 26J ■> Kearuy st.
TAT ANTED— PARTNER WITH SOME CApi
' » Ital, lady or cent, in light paying business. Ad-
dress A. M. ROSS, P. O. box 1032, .-an Jose, Cal.
"VTEAT CANDY STORE, DOING GOOD BUBI-
-L\ ness; cheap if sold at ones'. 1535 Polk st.
Cj'Jnn 8TO( X COMPLETE OF 21-ACRR
(JpOUU. poultry ranch near Fruitvale; long
le»so: low' rent, 34 Donohoe building.
ii •Mi SALE— JiUTCHER-SHOP; GOOD LOCA^
1 tion; low rent; cheap. Address B. H., box 31,
Call ottice.
TNTEHEST IN \VELL-ESTABLISHED MANU-
-1 facturing business, good trade: large proiitsi
staple article; |800 required! only principals; full
investigation desired. Address 8., box 3, Call.
qfe£jCfi GOOD-PAYING SALOON IN BUSI-
«J)DOV/. nesso nter; fixtures worth alonesl:-!00:
stock $300; must, sell to-day on account oi im-
mediate departure. Inquire 533 Caiiforuia st.,
Phcßuix Bar.
|?OB SALE — MILLINEXY ESTABLISH-
I ment; (rood locality and desirable stand; rea-
sonable. Address M. S., box 31, Call Ollice.
IBALE— A CHOICE SA LOOX AT A BAR-
galn. 773 Market st. :.'
ouse— 7 iToo^ais: modern* ijiprove-
menta; opp. (iarfield sq. Apply Treat ay.
p E STAtJ R ANT, WITH' BAKERY; RESPECT^
Xt able patrons. Apply on premises, 4]>;i 2 Ellis.
St 1 \tU\ i WILL RCHASE AX INTEREST
'iIUiIUU in staple manufacturing business with
salary as secreiary attached. X.. box 21, Call.
j^ARGA IX— CANDY STORE, CHEAP; GOOD
y Cause for selling. 12 Hayes st.
TJ ARDWARE-STORE, NEW AND BECOND.
-*;- - hand, at half price, or lots to suit; call imme-
a'atfciyj^aJjiirgatn L _646 Mission st. •- ■■■
\\' ELL- ESTABLISHED CITY NURSERY,
» »_cheap. 510 Howard st.
t>ESTAURANT FOR SALE CHEAP-CEX-
J-i" trally located: low rent: price $150, If sold at
once; good reasons' for selling. Address R., box
76, Call Otlice, Oakland.
Q99X I'IIIXTIXG-PRES.S: FOOT-POWER
qp^Alt/. plenty type; bargain. It., box 6. Call.
BARGAIN: $176; CIGAR, NOTION \n v
candy store; rent $20 per month : near entrance
to university. Apply at GEORGE SCHMIDT'S
Real Estate Offlc East Berkeley station.
Ii OR SALE CHEAP— FRUIT AND CANDY
f stand. Hayes-st. entrance to Golden Gati Park.
BIG BARGAIN IN A R ESTAU RANTINONH
of the best country and railroad towns iv the
State; best location: cood reason for selling Ad-
dress Bargain, box 109, Call i ifflce.
DRUGSTORE FOR A SOX~G— PAYIXG BUSI-
XJ nes?, in good locality; Bxtures complete and
rent low: bnl small capital necessary ; we must
sell. Address M. N., care of Call OHice. Oakland.
"C>OR SALE— DRUGSTORE IN rHE DOWN-
-T town bns'ness portion of this city. ;or pur*
ticulars apply to MACK & < ' ' 11 Front st.
T WANT a SMART. ACT IV E~MA V. MUST
•X be a hustler, as partner; must have $2000 caihi
going to Honolulu and Xew Zealand; business
pays $20,000 per year clear pro.'it. Address 11. J.,
box 94. this otiice.
\\r ANTED— T-> purchase ax estaw.
" lished ReDiit)llcan newspapei in California
county seat. Address Xewaimper Man, box 166,
this ollice.
RTNER WANTED TO INVEST $2000 1M
X profitable manufucturlnc business; large stock]
no <lcb-. Address 1... box 18. Call Oflice.
ipoß Rent— house AND 3 ACREB OF OAR-
X- deu land Melrose; rent $&00. C. C, 42 Turk.
QINQLjEIGENTLEiIAN WISHES A LADY
O with small capital as partner In a patent inven-
tion; large profits and qnick sales. Call 1 to ' 2
r. m. room B, 793 Mission st.
Wanted— partner I.N" a good-paying
'» business on Market st., with $1000 capital;
no experience required. Addi S. S., bo.* 67.
this otlice.
T7»lRsf-CI, VSS SALOON FOR SALE; LOCA-
X tion; trade; ease. Particulars address P. C,
box 119, all Offioe.
MI $660 CIGAR-STORE AND CLUBROOM."
-i-X established several years; good location: large
stock and good, steady trade. box 16, Call.
PHYSICIAN CAN ASSUME PRIVATE DIS-
X pensary practice, worth $400' a mouth, by buy-
ing furnishings now at $250. Address Physician,
box 122. Call Office.
■ QOA " l: RENT — COMPLETELY FUIC
'C^^'- nished restaurant. 533 Commercial st.
GOOD SALOON FOR SALE. INQUIRE OF
' » BLUMENTHAL, 658 Mission st.
RRANT; BARGAIN: KEPT BY
owner nearly ■; years. 203 Polk st.
SALOON 1 OR SALE; CHeTp. 427 FOURTH
street.
TOB PRINTERS ATTENTION— ONE- HA Ll>
•' interest in one of the largest job offices In San
Jose for sale: par desires »o retire; a splendid
opening for a g.i,> 1 outside man. Address Printer
42 North Tenth s- . 9an Jos< ■ Cal.
ONE OF THE BEST PAYING MILLINERY
stores in town of 12.J 00 maabitants in nod th-
em California, for sale at a bar^a.n; except h>nal
opportunity. For partlcuian address B. L. TOP-
LITZ & CO., 545 Market st.
ARE CHAACE. FOX' MAN AND WIFE
with a fe-.v hundred dollars to secure a well-
establis led and paying l.usiness; living rooms at-
tached : see owner on premises. 603 btanyou St.,
corner Haight; no agents.
"qoox brancTi bakery, candy, BTA-
\P~—Om tionery store: 4 livins-rooms; rent $18:
no agents. 341^ Fifth st.
p OOD OPPORTUNITY FOB AN INVKsT-
yjr ment of about $50,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D.. box 43, this office.
Q'JAfin KOUTE FOR BALE; EVEXIXO
. O\J\l\J, paper; pays $150 per month. Apply
this ollice.
LODGl\(i-HOUSKB FOX SALE.
•TSiROOAI!i-BEsT CORXER~IX CITY...SLKOO
XO 14 rooms, on Geary st 850
60-room hotel, with bar; 40 boarders 5.500
20 rooms, sunny corner: must sell 700
32 rooms to exchange for real estate 1,60(1
10-room house: very central. 250
H. C. DECKER, 1206 Market St., cor. Taylor.
HOUSB 32"ROOMS; ON ACCOUNT DEPART-
urc. PRuLL <& LLOYD, 719 Market sU
BOARDING- HOITHE. 19 ROOMS, CHEAPI
good location. 1123 Sutter st.
HOI 8E OF 8 ROOMS; ALL RENTED; NEWi
ly rnished: bargain. H., b x 77, I'ail.
<"v"i(k CORNER BOUSE; 14 ROOMS
*JtJiJ\r. Fourth St., near Market: must be soldi
offer wanted. I. MCHARFF, 18 Post at.
T ODGING-UOUSE, ~ WITH FRUITSTOREs
-l-i ci cap: easy terms. 3129 xteenth st.
Cjft^n 1& ROOMS; RENT $40; INCOMH
,-7iv;»^w. $100: all rented and all conveniences.
308 Third st.
LH>R BALE— LODGING-HOUSE 0F22 ROOMS}
» ch"ap for cash. Inquire 1235 Market Ft. "
FUKXITUKK FOX BAXK-
CARPE is. KOI?I)TNTTa?E7j^ LOUNGE, EX*
/ tension-table, io'Chest. 323 Scott St.. cor. Oat,
REDUCTI* LARGE '3TOCK, NEW AND
Jt second-hand: 400 carpet* good as new; 01,.
cloth, 25c; parlor suits, $19 up; linoleum, 45c: 7-
piece chamber suits, $i 4 50: cornice poles, 25c;
ranjes, $6; cash or installments; goods shipped
free. T. li. NELSON. 126 Fourth St.
L % "K bargainl in furniture AND ab*
X tides Ol every description. D. McKA! 829
Mission st.
A BOOMS, OAK FURNITURE COMPLETE. SBO
j" Elegant Brussels carpet laid 4.Vi
Heavy Linoleum laid 400
Floor Oilcloth 200
New Bfdlounstes, our own make '. $5 50
si III; IK A: SHIREK. : <]Q -i-j Stockton. nr.Valjo.
FIRMI! iMKD
A BSOLUT ELY HIGH KBT PRICE PA ID FOR
jf»- second-hand furniture and carpets by Lundy
Fornitnra Co., 813 Market St.; call or send postal.
pASH PBI) 1. PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
\J COB SCHWERDT. 821 MlSi bet. 4th & sth.
HST KRASKV. ' CARPETS. PICTURES,
• foldlnif. iron beds, furniture: low prices; CaL
ptppiadder rp.t:>ir.m-td for tie trad- T"t* Ml^«loa.
< A KPKX ILKAMMJ.
Jl'.. MITcITETirCARi^ETCLEAN ING C 0. ,240
O • 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
pAR PETS THOROUGHLY CLEANED AND
\J rrnovated Baxne as new. S. FERGUSON >B
0.. 23 Tenth st. Telephone nuntbar, souih 3l>.
JMcQI > i n CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228.
ITY STEAM CArFeTCLEaNING.RENOVA^
ting, 38 Bth. STEVEN'S, mtir. Tel. South 250.
V riONAL ( Mti'Kl HK \ i IN«. AND RKNO>
i-> vatlng Works HAMPTON ABAILLY: layln?
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero: Tel. Mission \J44.
\V" HEX" YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
'* poor work send to SPAULDIXG'S I'ioneerCar-
pel Beating Works. 363-7 Tehama: tel. So-40.
pON KLIN'S CARPET BEATINQ WOBK&. *Zt
* > <-old.>n Gat Pave : telephone eas: 126.
SKWINCi SI ACUIN KS.
A LL KlMis BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED,
■•-'V rented, repaired; lowest rates. 215 Fourth st.
ENTED $1 50 MONTHLY; SECOND-HAND
• machines from $3 upward: Domestic, New
Home. White, Singer ai half-price. 145 Sixth st.
PBTBICXAKB.
BjEbuLV* IS,PHYBICN-ftURGEON3OTAXi
University Turin.ltaly. Nucleus b1dg,661 Markt
PARLOW, CHIROPODIST. 128
l'l Kearny, rm. 47, hra. 11 to 5; res. St. Nicholas.
REMOVkB i" C. C. O'DOXNELL TO 1203
Mnrk.'t -..: liiscases of women a specialty.
IMOiCLES.
W INDBOB BICYCLBS: si RICTLY HIGH
•» grade; no stamping: all lathe work; conea
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 yea.r3. A. L. BAN-
CROFT «fc CU., 324 Post St., -. F.
pAlti; CYCLERY NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, M*«
▲lLUter and Powell mi. car lines._^__^^JCITY REAL KSTATE.
Q. n.IM:-!;\ .t ft)!! ™
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
14 Montgomery si., near Market.
r»ll and Obtain one of onr "Real Estate Records,"
*&hich contain a list of properties for sale in all
lertsoi the city. ,
IMPROVED PROPERTY.
BARGAINS.
Qs9nn COZY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE,
• •>_'"'. of 5 rooms and bath; brick foundation,
etc.: lot 2Sxlu6: nicely sitaated ln the Mission.
Qll' (\l\ RENT $1440 PER ANNUM; 3
I O.Ov/vf. substantial new bay-window
houses: brick foundation; all modern Improve-
ments: lot 37 :tv\S7:6: a prominent corner iv the
Western Addition.
s<*'- n( i A REAL SNAP: WILL TRADE
Oo\jyj . equity for a vacant lot; a forced
Bale'; elegant new 2-story bay-window residence of
7 rooms ami bath; brick foundation; all modern i
Improvements; lot 25x114, elite part of the Mis- |
eion; easy terms.
r« Xftnn COBNEB ON WASHINGTON ST.—
i^tJ\j\J\.> . llrick building of 9 rooms and bath
ami Io:.
Q 19%n <-' lIEA > —SUBSTANTIAL TWO-
« 3 i— .wU. story bay-window residence of 6
rooms an«l bath; brick foundation, etc, lot
27:6x100; only one-half block from Market st,-
nice location.
*<(X*\n ?S7 ° actual RENT per AN-
t^UOwW. num— eiesa:it new modern flats
near Park Panhandle, of 7. 6^xnd 6 rooms and
b:itheach; hny-wludows; brick foundation: stone
walks; all odern improvements; lot 25x137-6*
sunny side of street; forced sale.
s^O-AA BUSINESS CORNER ON BRYANT
•_ *ilvvi aye.— Store and 3 rooms and flat of 4
rooms; brick foundation; and lo; ; owner wants au
offer.
*3^ooo COZY HOME: NICEST PART OF j
*^UWJ\.i. Leavenworth St.; nearly new bav-
window cottage of 6 rooms and bath; brick founa'a- I
tion; stone walks, etc. street accepted.
Q3OOO P.USTNESS CORNER ON NINE-
*_ >■ mf\ t, teenth st.; store building with
4 rooms; lot 26x75; no reasonable offer refused.
QQAfID RENT $720 PER ANNUM; 2 SUB-
._ t * i\'\f. siantial two-story and basement bay-
window houses of 7 rooms and bath each; brick !
foundation, etc.; 32:6x52:6; Western Addition;
u:w.. rented.
Q] lAn SIXTEENTH AYE., SOUTH BAN
O-L -»-'-' VJ. Francisco; new ottage of 4 rooms,
etc.; lot 25x100.
"^TliO'O SUTfER"-ST."*"cOTTAUE ;:vnd ,
<(v *}\>\J\J. lot; 7 rooms and bath: street ac-
cepted, • :
D9QXA $288 RENTS PEi: ANNUM: COT-
O— OiJW. ta;e and two-ston house; lot 30x
lip and 90; Trtatave.; this iy a gcoJ Mission in-
vestment.
Qj9- r in A BARGAIN: CORNER RESI-
O"i— itJU. deneeol S rooms and bath, nay-wln-
dows, brick foundation: laundry and stable; large
lot; nicely situated in the -Mission.
<->Vjji BAN CARLOS AYE.: TWO
. ytWUlf, houses anllo: 25x80; street accepted.
UNI.M"P.('VED.
$1550— Hill St.: 25x114; rea.lv to build on.
MOO— i.o; lOOxliTo: Ocean View.
$12.000— i>atttr su; only a few b'.ocks from
K.urr.y 33:9x187:6.
$2250— 0n tho installment plan; Frederick st. ;
25x106:3; Ashbnry Heights.
$rtl()0 etch— Greenwich St., near Octavia: three
each 25x100: street work done; these are cheap.
$1300— 26 th Kt.; B -114.
SI^.OCO-Corner on Franklin St.; 206:3x137:6;
iiof a block.
*2300-A special bargain; building lot 25x116:3:
Scott st.
G. 11. UMBSE.V <fe CO., 14 Montgomery st.
\\r ILL t. I ISHER Jt CO.,
'» REAL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED: PROPERTY CARED
FOR; RENTS COLUCCTED.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $300 TO $1000.
Qj*(j(i CHOICE LOT 2»xl20; 10TH AYE.,
• w '• "'• near t a'.ifornia street; street sewered,
gradeJ and macadamized: a snap.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
QJOn 1 OUB Bl OCKB FBOM THE PARK;
'. ■■;■. ly to oulld on; easy terms; only a
i e*v left.
MISSION LOTS.
0 1 -. AA 15TH "iT., COR. DOLORES, 25x71;
O i-O\J\J. easy icrms.
WESTERN DDITION.
QOnnn ELEGANT WIDE LOTS, 28x145
K?O\J\J\J. each; Grove s\. near Scott; ii block
from Alamo square; offer wanfed.
rMPKOVED.
Z')ftfif\ TREAT AYE.. BET. 23D AND
C«I)UU. «Jith sts.: 26x109; cnean.
1 '.(Hi 725 CALIFORNIA ST.: 34x92:
«i I-' 1 "'. | r_-. house; income $40 per month.
Q",7".M MODEBN 7-BOOM, 2 STORY
C'J • <Jwi : o -■ atn '. lot; 25x137:6; sunny side
oi Hermann st., be: Buchanan and
v eb^ter; 7-ft. basement; brlcK foun-
dation to louse and stable; cost
- >60; owner will sell a above price
as he is in need of money: $4500 can
remain on mortgage. "This In the
cheapest offer! g in the market to-
day. The building can easily be con-
verted into flats if desired and 10 per
cent income realized.
QOnOn ELEGANT BEBIDB.NCB;BIB CAL-
C'JIM'U. ifornla St.; lot 80x77.
Ql9 f\f\(\ ELEGANT VAN NESS AYE.
l««vWi residence; 16 roo modern;de-
sirable locatio .
Q 1 9 ",/)O CHOICE BUSINESS INVEST-
<_ l-.OUU. meat: California st., near Larkin;
40x8( substantial 3-s:ory boils'*;
reni $100; owner anxious to sell.
\\r n. crim aTiZ
» » . BEALKSTATE AND RENTING AGENTS
118 MONTGOMERY ST.
QOO^n 25TH si.. NR. DOLORES: 50:llx
<u>^"-O\J. 114; mortgage $1100 can stand;
ready to build. W. H. CRIM & CO..
l ]s Hontsomery st.
QQOO MISSION ST.. NR. PERSIA: ELEC-
iJ\J\J. trie car; SxB3:6. W. H. CRIM ACO
11H Montgomery st.
C 1 1()(\ ?•« PER MONTH RENT; 2;-iD ST.,
♦_ J. IW. r.r. Fo'.som: Bne Interest: good lease*
25\100. W. H. KIM <fc CO., 118
Montgomery st.
HOWARD. NJ'.. 2D: BABGAIN; 2 FRONT
J_L and rear houses: brick foundation; 25 or 50x
80. W. H. i HIM * CO., Ill; Montgomery st.
Fl N * lXB OCTAVIA ; 3 FLATS
OU— \J\J. and storo; •'■rst-class income p:o;>o-
sition; -:87:6. CKIM A CO.. 118
Montgomery st.
f -iOO LOTSI^ T< ADDITION: LAID-
QOVVJ. ley.nr Roanoke; 25x100: installments;
take ban Mate') electric cars
\V, H. ( i;IM ,v CO.,
• . 118 Montgomery st.
COME FIGURES TO MA iCK YOU THINK.
RENT OF ORDINARY HOUSE, $25.
EIGHT YEARS' RENT. $2400.
RESULT, A LOT OF RENT RECEIPTa
JBUY A HOME FOR f2500.
PAY $25 MONTHLY.
ULT, YOU OWN YOUR HOME.
A nOME ON TITK lIEYMAN TRACT.
A new modern 5-room and bath house on lot
25x114 for $2.'<00; built to suit your ideas; $300
down, balance $25 a month; yon can';, afford to
renl ; buying a home is cheaper; splendidly situated
between 22d and;23l sts.; 22d-st. electrl cars
pa.«s the property, and Castro-st. cars 2 blocks
«wav; all city Improvements ; go out and see it*
MR." JAMES H. CUTTER, resident agent, will I
show you around.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner.
Room 5, Crocker building, Post und Market sts.
Ci;r DOWN, $5 MONTHLY. ~
* NO INTEREST. NO TAXES.
Will buy • fine building lot 25x114 on 29th st..
nr. Diamond, only 8 blocks from Castro-street
cable and 29th-street electric cars.
The cheapest lots ever ofl'ered.
JACOB lIKVMA.N, owner, room 5 CrockPr
building. Post and Market sts.
CfTXn -NEW MODERN 3-ROOM AND BASE-
<© I OW, mentcottage. hardrinisneU, Including
level lot. near Mission and 30th s*s.:sioo down,
$10 monthly; avoid pavlnerant and get your own
Ijome. JA( "P. JIKYJIaX, room 6, Crocker btilld-
ing, Post a.ud Market sts.
ffijl Xfl I'EVKIT LOTS. 25x120 EACH, NEAR
*- 1 »^''. Jngleslde. on $5 monthly payments.
Jacob HEYMAN, room s, Crocker building, Post
arj'l Markf-t sts.
BOULt'.VARD LOTS FROM $260 TO $500
each on $5 monthly installments: fine residence
l&ttly buili on Ihis block. JACOB hey.man,
room 5, Crocker building. Post and Market st»*^_
-QQ-^n NEW 4-ROOM AND BATH COT-
wwVi tage, with basement, including level lot,
2f>xiOO, frontlnji San Mateo electric road: on
Oienery st. and joining new Castro-st. addition;
f 100 mi. $10 monthly.
.lA< UB IIEYMA V
Room 6, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
0 I WE RKLY— GOOD BERKELEY LOTb.
«u>l $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
*175-Lot 25x135; |] weekly.
$250— Lot 23x100: $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 26x100; $1 50 weekly; macadamized.
■" $390— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150-Lot 24x100: $1 weekly.
CHAS. a. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
TT"OP. SALE.
-T Marine-view residences on Webster St., near
Vallejo: open to-day for inspection. ■ :
/ iIJKAI' PROI'ERTiES-$3200; A BAHRAIN; .
V> 4 flats; Shipley st.; rents $30. $4500— Income i
property; Grove, near Ci;y Hall: rents $40. $350- 1
Luriier, Thirtieth st. I. fcCHARFF, 3 8 Post s. , J
CITY KEAt KSTATE.
MADISON & BURKE, REAL jESTATK
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
S^t! C °.STM NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
St., IJO on \ an Ness aye, by 178 in denth- S
frontaces. MADISON & BUBKR. ae P th - 3
t^'7soo KENT f B ,° PER MONTH; 4 TENE-
-280 r Pnfi an lOt ' 25 1 < >; 8- toe of Pine
BURKE : frontages. MADISON &
.^s^oo PAYS OVER 10 PER CENT; JES-
JX«a7^ai.'< sle> near 6tn: front and rear houses in
good condition. MADISON «fc BURKE.
s*l 5 000 WAUJSR ST. COR. SHRADER:
Mj.-»an V»V«^ ew bnlldlng stores and Hats; lot
84:,x80. MADISON i BURKE.
.Ql R 000 OCTAVIA. NR. ELLIS: 11
in itmu, V 1 rooms and bath: modern house:
lot 30x110. MADISON & BURKE.
"P ARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
„. v . rooms and bath: all modern conveniences:
-5x13/ only 97360. MADISON A BURKE.
I /^HOICE SUNNY RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
V> bath, attlo and basement; all improvements,
neatf-r, etc.; Stelner, bet. California and Sacra-
men. o; lot 26x106:3. MADIbON & BURKE.
<*Rfv%On WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVTSA-
*ii)\J<J\J\i . dero — 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
ONLY $6000; imODi-JKIiK. NEAR BUSH.-
lot 50x90. with boose of 11 rooms, occupying
25 feet, which with small o.'.tlay can be turned into
two flats. MADISON «fc BURKE.
Qnnnn rAOE . broderick: resi-
•yUUVW. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
h7:6. MADISON .t BURKE.
XO -, 240 ? ISKA ST., NR. 3D; EX-
t)\J\J\'. amine and make an offer; store and 3
rooms: flat, 9 rooms. MADI3ON&BURKE.
85000. 1 " 31 STEVENSON ST., NEAR
(s>O\J\J\J. Ridley; rents $44; lot 26x77^6
i street accepted. MADISON ft BURKE.
; Q^OOO MIXXA * NEAR 7TH, 2 FLATS.
OOUUU. renting for $30; lot 22:6x80. * IjAlS '
S°7oo C O^\ GE 0X ItA^PSHIRE,NEAR
M^DJsON^BUhKE^I"" 81111 lOt 25X1O °-
? 000 SKXT5 KXT * 2 -i PER MONTH; LE
»J_.\JU\./. Roy place, near Sacramento and
Leavenworth ats.; lot 22:6x80. - llucl «° ana
&BnO 6 , R °OMS AND BATH; RENTS $12-
-.'-. .'/ U Potrero, near Union Iron Worksflot
fJOUSB AND LOT; 1318 LEAVENWORTII
iXst., bet. Clay und Wasbincton: 9 rooms and
m , : rt » eI T/l C «jf htln «s h ot-ftir furnace; been
pi" m^i!^ ysisfe sB5o t0 $7 56 - A^-
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
«i?-?,«V r ' vl " l1ero< near Pulton; 82:6x90.
tlr.lr "-''■ 1 V p:l:l ' i 19tn: «W»er; 125x122:6.
Vs&oo— \\ ishlngton, corner Lyon* 31 -3xloo
linnS"^ l^!-*^- C " T - Vlck sbnr.3t : 60x114. ' ..
£u^?.~ C 5x U7:6: SK - cor - s«irtis«Bd 23d.
$3500— stelner, near Pine: 25x103.
3500— Baker, near Jackson: 27:8x110
$2700— Noe, near Market; 23x100.
I -Cheap; Clay, near Baker; 25x105.
jf-'lOO— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
$2200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
alley ViCkSbUrß> Dear *j2d; 32:6x1l to an
$1350— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6: part cash.
Sanchez, cor. Valley; 26:6x100; $1250.
?840— California, cor. 17th aye.: 26:8x91:6.
$450— >.. side Bismarck, bet. Mission and San
Jose roads: lot 40x100: olectric-cars pass within
200 feet; a plck-np: 100 cash.
MADISON A BURKE. 626 Market st.
ELEGANT MODERN RESIDENCE.
NW. COR. KF.1.1. AND LOTT STS.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
$12.500— ITttrid^onir house of 11 rooms and
hath: strictly modern; complete in all details; also
stable; lot 31:3x12-5, with an ell 75x25: this is an
unexcelled opportunity to secure a tine home at
a sacrifice; apply nt o.iice for permit to inspect.
KASTON, KLDRIDOE dt CO., 638 Market st.
ONLY ONE LEFT. ~~~~
YOUR LAST CHANCE.
ENGLISH COTTAGE HOUSE.
ONLY $250 CASH. BALANCE EASY.
We have sold 5. only 1 left of tnose elegant mod-
ern homes: room-i and bath: large basement;
substantially built: elegantly finished: complete
in all letatls; open Inspection to-day; price re-
duced to close them out ; special terms: California
St.. corner 2d aye.; take Sacra ento-st. cars.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE & CO., 638 Market st.
pHOICE OFFERING. "
\J ELEGAVT FLATS.
ncnn ON CALIFORNIA ST.
$9500—2 handsome modern Hats of 6 and 7
rooms and bah: beautifully finished and dec-
orated; on the north side of the street, near De-
visadero; lot 25x137:6.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market st.
A COZY MISSION HOME.
IN THE WARM BELT.
„„„„„ MUST BE SOLD.
$2600— A 2-story bay-window residence of 6
rooms and bath; near 22d ond Vicksburg sts.;
handy to several car lines: lot lisxloo.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE Jc CO.,
■ «338 Market st.
A FINE INVESTMENT.
MISSION FLATS.
NEAR 14TH A> VALENCIA STS.
$4000— 2 fine flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath ;
substantially built; brick foundation: pays $420
per annum; always rented; this is a big bargain.
EASTON, ELDBIDGE <S CO.,
638 Market st.
pHOICE LOTS. ~~ "
\J BEDROCK PRICES.
THE TIME TO BUY.
QOOXA NORTH SIDE OF SUTTFR ST.,
'. ''— O\J . nr. Fillmore; 25x137:6 ft.: this Is an
exceptional bargain, and must be sold
this week.
(I;9^n.''J A FINE ROADnOUSE SITE
O\J\>. wifh nearly 200 ft. frontage On the
Ocean H.oaBeroad, near the new race
track.
C?99^o CLAYTON ST., NR. PAGE, ONE
V — OKJ. block from the Park Panhandle; 25x
106:3 ft, ; recently reduced.
Q9OOO TWO LOTS. NORTH SIDE OF 21ST
V-uWU. St., near No?; 25x114 ft.; must I c
sold; bank about to foreclose.
Ql TXA WALLER ST., NR. CLAYTON;
O-L I O\J. choice location; 25x108 ft.
Ql Ziflf) 2 BLOCKS FROM THE PARK;
«^X-JVJU. liorth side of Carl st.; 25x137:6 feet.
Ql 9^o 18TH ST - NEAB NOE. 25x114 FT.:
•j!li.UUi tnis is prospective business property.
C»"J (\f\f\ SANCHEZ ST.. NR. ALVARADO;
f^}X\J\J\J. 25x105 ft.; street graded and sewered.
(JjTXA NORTH SIDE OF 15TH -T., NEAR
<£) I O\J . Castro; only two blocks from Market.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO. ,
638 Market si.
AM. SPECK <t CO., 602 MARKET ST.
. M. SPECK «fc CO., 602 MARKET BT.
$100,000 to loan in sums to suit.
HOMES! HOMES! HOMES!
20 houses to be sold to satisfy
Mortgaces. Terms, $200 down.
Every one offered worth double our price.
$2000— cottage; lot 40x50; block from
Castro and Market sts.
52000— 2 flats downtown: rent $18.
£3000—2 new flats; rent $28.
ST>ooo— Rents $48: 3 new flats on car line.
$0500— Two elegant flats, with a stable, on Page.
56750— Three elej-ant flats near llalght and Fill-
more; rents 4SI: lot 25x110.
$9000—3 good flats on fl vde, near Geary.
$12,500— Ellis St.: investment: rents $125.
810.000- Business property on Steuart street,
near Market.
<St Ml lUU} BUSINESS PROPERTY ON 3D;
. i". UUU. lot, 50x160 feet; two frontages:
pays 8 per cent,
v^ii f\l\f\ CORNER: new IMPROVE-
•J^U.uUU. ments: r<>ntf-siBo.
$7(\ (\C\f\ corner, 70x100. wrrniN A
•4P • UUU. few blocks of Baldwin; rents
$0000: worth $100,009: oner wanted at onre.
<| |A C\(\f\ BOSINESa PROPERTY ON
V? I lU.UV/U. Market st, ; 2 fronU"jes: offer
wanted; lot 50x165.
<Si I Q (\(\f\ EDDY ST.: INSIDE, NEW IM
•J 1 1 'MIUv, provements: rents $140.
*< I 7 f\C\f\ BTOBKS AND FLATd: LOT 40
«3> I .UUU. X 9O feet; rents $140: on Lai-kin
street.
*«k I(\ C\(\(\ WNEST BABGAIN IN THE
'J-U. \J\J\J. marlcet: surely worth $20,000;
$9000 can remain on n;origtt?r; Hne improve-
ments; rcntsl6o; only few blocks from Y. M. C. A.
1 OVEE, TOY & CO.,
Pi___, REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
1 MONTGOMERY ST., UNDEB LICK HOUSE.
ffirl^OO COTI'AGE; ONLY $1500; VERY
is±aV\J. ,-a-i.v lerms to purcnaser; lot 25x114;
cottage contains 4 rooms and bath;
__ ~ °" lv 1 block from Castro-st. cars.
C;9^nn <'M-Y «800 CASH; BALANCE
i%)ZjO\J\J. can remain on -mortgage; oholoe
building lot; Clay st., near Baker;
86x108.
©£9^o 2-STORY AND RASEMENT BAY-
tjpUii«JV/. window residence. contaltiin,<r B rooms
and bath; rents $50 per rnOnvh; lot
25x110; choice loeatlon on Finest.
•3i9400 I>l:i< X OREATLY REDUCED TO
■jpiJtiUU. m:ike Immediate sate; cottar* of 4
rooms; rents $16* large lot 30-foot
frontage; Post st.
(J|97^A JOHN STmNBAB POWELL AND
<P«J I U\J . Jackson; renti $420 per annum;
house of 9 rooms, bath and basoment.
£>7nnn N_.COK. 22D AND GUERRERO;
•tID I \J\J\J. lot 37x90 feet; store and 3 rooms on
low-r floor; flat of 6 rooms and bath
alo.-e: modern throughout; brick
foundation ; store leased for 3 years;
total rents $50 per month; street
work nil done.
<2±QF.(\(\ MUST BE SOLD; HAIGHT ST.,
•>PO«JUU. sunny side, near Webster; 3 modern
flats; rents $70 per month; lot 25x
X 100 feet. -r
ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM AND BATH COT-
XU tages on easy terms, $3600; right- In town;
street, nltumen: Shotwell. nr. Spvenreenth st.;
high basement; large lot: all modern: open daily.
IS. P. B. TROY, owner, 301 California au
THE SA2S FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 189 G.
CITY REAL ESTATE,
A. 11. Ltssak. _ cTfTvoiTrheiiJT
OF. YON RIIEIN A CO.. REAL ESTATE
\J* A prents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 513
California street.
Corner Clay and Stockton; 59:8x63:9; Chinese
stores; rents .^142 80.
renSttT 1 Ur Clay: 55:10x03:9: Chinese stores;
SW. corner Geary and Williams; 28x62:6; inad-
sl.VOoo-ra.vlor. near «*dy; 25x80: 2 bav-win-
-1' rSJS« J 8 rooma niul batns . renw $77 50."
v>n""« n ,'*?''• near Oou b * to Rose* aye.; 27:6 x
«u(5S t9 i n front aud 2ln rcar * rents $76.
iiou«.^?r7i"°*?*.v |bet " lst una %<:}B 8 *; 2
Corner Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:0;
«Tn n i liow cotta e - 8 rooms and bath.
rnncisco.near Stockton -.45:10x137:6;
«?n S S ; ! ,' J rpar n"UBes; 24 rooms: rents $82.
iJpr'oved'rrenr^'.V. 1 1 " Ist; 25x85; Inadequately
j slo,ooo-- and Pierce; 24:8x87:6 fine resi-
aeDce, 12 rooms and bath.
$8000-San >ose «ye., near 24th; 55:6x188;
. «L°fi V ' hou •10 °BU and bath.
$S2so— near Sinter: 26x68:9; 2-story
«£;•?' rooms R nrt hath: rent $50.
•fHSOO-noward, near 6th; 20x80: store and 6
rooms below, with 2 flats above of 11 rooms and
bath: rentsss6.
4 j^, - K * 3slin S. near 11th and Howard; 47x8U;
$8000— Howard, near 23d; 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 rooms and bath.
¥8000— O'Parrell, near Hyde; 23x90; 2-story
noose, 7 rooms and bath: rent $:-!5.
98000— Jessie, near 4tb; 25x70: 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
Mission, neaz 24<h; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley: store and flat above.
96500— Corner Vallejo and Tavlor; 82:6x67:6-
-house, 12 rooms and bath.
Kverett, near 3d: 3 bay-window flats, 17
rooms and bnrhs; rents $SU.
95SA0— Paclne, nef.r Hyde; 45x65: 2 flats.
$4300— Powell, near Lombard; 23x100; 2-story
hou^, 9 rooms and bath.
$5200-Union, near Kearny: 23:6x67:6; new
improvements; shop with 2 rooms and 2 flats
above; rear house 2 flats: total rents $59.
$5000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near I
Stockton; 25x68:6; 2-story house: butcher-shop i
nntl '■i. rooms ' and upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
reutsS3j.
$4VOO-Guerrero, near 21st; 28x92:6; cottaze, 5
rooms nnd bath.
$4000— Jtaight, near Webster; 25x95; cottage
5 rooms; clie«p: make offer.
S3Boo— Wnller, near Stelner, through to Gcr-
mnnia: 25x120; 2 flats on Germanla frontage:
rents $23.
Cottage— near Chestnut; unobstructed
niKiir.f view; $1200 casn, oalanca same as rent;
27:6x110.
$3200— Jersey, near Castro: 24x114: 2-story
house: 2 rRt«. 9 rooms nnd baths; rents $26.
83000— Francisco, near Stockton; 23x68:9; cot-
tage. r rooms and large basement.
$3000— Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 to Himmel-
mmn Place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
9SO.
.OOO— Natoma, near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms: rents 932.
92300— Shipley, near Harrison aye., 7th and Fol-
som; 20x75; 2-s:ory house, 2 flats, 8 rooms; rents
$20.
92250— Mars St., Park Lane Tract; cottage 4
rooms and bath.
91750— Fatrmcnnt Tract"; Arlington, near Mi-
•rnel: 28x108; 9250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, -1 rooms. i
Salmon, nccr Broadway; 20x60; 2 story
house, 4 rooms; rent $5. " |
UNIMPROVED. ;
Valencia, near 251h-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alky,
$5500— California, near Ilvde; 27:0x137:6.
$3200— Liberty, nrnr Dolores*. 50x114.
81676— 2Sfl and Kansas: 25x100.
93300— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
•3000— Sanchez and 20th; 105x114.
612U0— Lake and 13tb aye.; 4i).\7;.
91200— Cor. B and 23th aye.; 60x188.
$100<t— Homestead, near 24th; &0x125; will
subdivide.
*900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$80<J— Purk Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen- i
tine road.
$400— 2Va lots, Gift Map No. 2; Wayne, near
Union.
$325— 4. block 95, University Homestead
Association: 100x120.
MoAFEK BBOTHEKS,
Real Estate Brokers and Financial Agents,
108 Montgomery st.
Bargains offered In properties which must he
sold, a chance rarely had to get a good, comfort-
able home chtap. Examine these properties care-
fully.
CjXOriA DEVISADEBO ST., EAST SIDE:
i£O^iO\f. most select neighborhood; 25x106:3:
aooil. substantial modern bouse, in iirst-elass con-
dition; 9 lar^c rooms and hath; basement ; brick
foundation; cement sidewalk, and a grand marino
view of the city and buy: only half a block from
cars; very easy" terms IS "drsired. •
Ql7^n I>INK * T -* GOOD NEIGHBOR-
•JIIOu, hood; large lot, 25x137:8; modern
2-story 9-room house; large basement- brick foun-
dation; all in flr-!t-< condition; must be seen to
be appreciated: street work done; make us an offer.
Qf'T-.A COr.NER, 137:6x137:6. ON BROD-
«JPv I UXf. crick St.. one block from cable cars; i
grand marine view; this is a great acrlflce beyond
a doubt; easy terms
: '
QIO nOH MISSION 45 FEET'FROM
ll •vfvM . encia; electric cars In front
and near to the Vnlencla-st. "cable-car terminus: '
151:5x100; street work all done and accepted;
will subdivide and sMI ■-':> teel front for $3000.
Q (\ 7 EAST SIDE DEVIBADEBO, NEAR
'TJSU I (Ju. Californi ; *i7:6xlOD; modern 2-s-ory
dwelling; 8 rooms, bath and large basement-
brick foundation; street work all done; easy terms;
rents $55.
Q1 0 VIO GREEN. NEAR LEAVEN-
(JJ) ! U.UVW. worth; 62:8x187:6: good improve- ,
ments; d*Tfll!:ig of 9 rooms, bath, etc. ; large barn*
must be sold ; make as an offer.
S I'^OOO ENTiIIE BLOCK, PEOPLE'S I
•4P 1 (J.UuU. Homestead; 285x200. on the San j
Bruno rond. making 22 building lots: ail level; |
now Improved witn good, substantieJ. modern i
owellin?. 7 103 ms, ath and basement, afs ■ stable; j
chlcken-housM; tankhouse and tank; ban etc.-
bri.'!: foundation; improvements cost $10,000.
<5;Q7"n l-'l- ' L ST., NEAR DEVD3\DEBO;
i 'i • O\J. 25x137:6; Improved with 3 modern
flats: rents $06 per month; • any terms.
PRESIDIO RESIDENCE LOTS.
PRESIDIO CHEAP HOME LOTS.
FIRST-CLASS BUSINESS I'ROP RTIES.
If you ar« looking for a home or want to Invest i
In real estate In any part of the city call at our I
office and get our list o; properties for sale. We
will surely have -. hat you want md at the present, i
market price.
MCAFEE BBOTHEBS,
108 Montgomery st.
JOHN PJ-ORR. 338 MONTGOMERY tiT., OPP.
Safe De**>!«it, offers for sale:
$7.500— a tirst-ratt* Investment on Washington
St., near Taylor; lot 41x137:6 feet, with ahouse 1
of 1 1 rooms and bath. •
930,000— Mission St., east of Sixth; lot 55-80, :
with three 3-fltory hous-s Of 12 rooms each.
$6300— Item 985: lot 48:6x62:6; Jackson st., j
near Mason, wiih 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented.
950,000— Taylor st., near Market; 45x137:6;
2 stores below and 2 apartments of 9 ■ rooms each
upstairs: always rented.
$27,600— 187:6x83; ln the n-iKhhorhood of 4th >
and Market sis.; covered with • old improve-
ments; will be mannfacturing property.
Bednced to $30,500— Northwest corner Mission
and 17th sts.; lot 65x100 feeu with Improvements;
2-siory: 3 s-or.-s. 3 flats and 2 cottages; rent 9200.
912.500— Valencia St., southof lGth; 2-story bay-
wlodow house, store and dwelling back and com-
modious Bat 7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x88
feet: always rented; make offer.
$3000— 7tli st., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with i
improvements; renting at $30.
DWELLINGS.
$7250— Moi!.-rn built 2-story house on Fnlton st.,
near Killmorv; 9 rooms and bath; lot 27:6x138.
$3100— A fine cottage, r> rooms and bath, on lllt'j
St., near Castro; on Installments without Interest.
IN'IM'ROVICI).
$550— 15 th aye., he*. C and D sts.; 25x120.
Corner Fillmore and fierniaHla sts.; 24x81*3 '
$3500— Lot 76x100 feet; cor. 19th and Euretca
streets: make oil";-.
<£97 f\(\(\ RENTS 92840 PER ANNUM;
-jt^i I .\J\l\J* Western Addition corner, finely I
improved: rented low; large lot; elegant Invest-
ment.
05'Vl 000 BBDBOCK: ONLY $9000 CANH;
tJOt.UUU. worth $45,000 non-< 1/irsc hnlldin?
ami basement; with very smiul oot'ay will pay 1
cent per month; $25,000 can stand at BVaper
cent; lagunuice $20,000; prominent location;
forced sale.
qjj?.'/\rv REDUCED: 2 FLATS AND 2-
fJ)OO\J\J. s:ory house; wide lot; flne marine
view; Presidio Heights; home and Income.
<k. 1 r -\7^\ CUT *"*«** 9185 i; ONION ST., W.
tplOlO. ofßroderick; 27:«x137:6; view.
Lots and homes in Richmond; several snaps
right now.
H. E. POEHLMAN, 41 5 Montgomery st.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE BY
C. 11. REYNOLDS ,t CO.,
333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
$2000— Point Lobos avenue, splendid corner lot.
$1500— V\\ cor. lot; 43* aye., N. of Park.
$] 250— 43 d, Point Lobos-ave. corner lot.
$5000— D st.: butlnc-s corner lot N. line Golden
! Gate Park; near car terminus, ocean Beach and
1 boulevard.
Broderick St.; desirable residence, near
j WasblngtO at.; convenient to line.
$400— Wayne St., Bernul Belgbts; Gift Map lots
near Cortlnnd aye.: .-•( hool and electric lights.
275x140— Nurnery location, JelVer-ion st., near
Cortland, San Bruno andCr»scent ayes. ; flne view.
Hous-s and lots In all [>i>rts of ih* city. Ware-
houses and business property lavrsJment! .
Do YOU WANT CASH FOR AW LOTB OR
blocks between PJrst ave»ne and the ocean
Rle.hmor.-d? We jtuar«ntee highest pricc3; no
delay; we buCd you a home; advance sufficient
money that • yon can buy a lot and
build you a home, and pay only 6 to
7 cent interest: no installments or bnltdlng and '
lortn noc!eties; they arc a failure; be sure and in-
vestigate our plan Richmond Land, Loan and
Improvement Company, 24 Montgomery st •
Richmond eftice, cor. Point Lobos and r iftii ayes!
i,iOR {*ALE— THE FINEST HUME IN THE
A City for tho money; Pago and Lott sts.; see it
to-day; premises. ; ■
I _____——_ ' '
} Marine-view reiidences on Webster St., near
Vallejo; open to-day for inspection.
CITY RKAL ESTATE.
SIX PEirCENT "~~ ~
GROUND RENT.
A large piece of unimproved property In grow-
ing location c»n be leased for fiveyear3 on a 6 per
cent basis, an I everything points to a big advance
in value; price i?6SUO.
Qj^nn RENT $430 PER YEAR. A GOOD
<jprttJ\J\J. investment; Stevenson at., close to
junction of Market and Valencia; 2 nice flats; a.--
ways rented.
•KROnn A GOOD BUSINESS CORNER: 50x
tJpOUUU. i 00; McAllister and Lyou sts.
<E»Q?;nn BENT $384 PER ANNUM; MOR-
*{?>i*)\i\J. ris aye., near Harrison St.; 2 flats- a
good investment
C?i q f\r\t\ golden gate AYE.; flats:
'i.yiyr ' . not far from Devisadero st.; 4 fine
Hats; rented for $100 a month; lot 50x100.
<C7Q^fV MCALLISTER ST., BET. GOUGH
•T> I OOV . and Octavia; 2-story bay-window res-
idence, 8 rooms and bath: lot 25x120.
<R9n nnn rkxt 3i oo PER year;
t®£.\J.\J\J\J. Leavenworth st.; corner Invest-
ment; 6 new Hats; let 49x90; cable-cars pass
property.
Qf-tT^n OAK ST - NI! ' BUCHANAN- GOOD
<U)UltJl/. 2-story bnildiiiß; a flats of 5 and 6
rooms, bath, etc., each; lot 27:6x80; rsnt $600 per
year.
<Bf] Rf]f) NEAT NEW 4-ROOM AND BATH
OXUUU. cottase on lot with double frontage:
both streets are graded, niiicadamized and s'-w-
-ered; can be had on very easy monthly payments.
Q^fiO WASHINGTON ST., NEAR POW-
%iX UO\J\J. ell: 2-storyand basement residence,
8 rooms and bath; aiso 4 rear tenements. 4 rooms
each; 25x137:6; rent $7^o per year.
SOME CHEAP LOTS.
"^1 400 POINT J ' OBOS AYE., NR. 9TH
<B}Xrz\J\J. aye.; 25x100; oa grade.
<£>9nPifi MAKE AN OFFER: NORTH SIDE
*!p4.y>U\J. of Grove St., bet. I'aker and Lyon:
sunny; lot 25x100.
<C9ftfin VERY CHEAP; NORTH SIDE OF
%P — ULfU. Fell st., near Brouerlck; lot 25x137:6.
©linO MAKE AN OFFER: PAGE ST.,
i IV'U. near Devisadero; 37:6x82:6: street
accepted; a good place for flats.
flt^ftft GOLDEN GATE AVENUE, NEAR
>$O*J\J\J. Dcvlsudero st.; lot 25:137:6; must
be sold.
CjCA CASH; $10 MONTHLY; FINE LOTS;
<p«Jv sunny side of California St., bet. 2d and
3d ayes.; price, $1100 and upward.
Call at our ofllce for complote printed list of
propert3 - for sale In all parts of the city. ,
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
"VTOW OR NEVER. " ~ "~ I
-l> There are only a very few lots loft in the block
bouDded by Tenth and Eleventh ayes., M and N
sts., south of the park, a::d if you don't bnrry you
will miss the opportunity to purchase these "do-
sirable lots for*276; ('26 cash, I*lo monthly in- i
; stallments; no more like them.
BALDWIN t t HAMMOND,
i • 10 Montgomery st.
j V E RY WEEK THE NUMB Kit "OF "LOTS ON
, \J Twenty-fifth nve., Point Lohos nnd Clement
sts. grows less; $375 and upward; $50 rash iflO
monthly: > best lots in Richmond for the money;
Sutro's electric cars will pass the property; buy
now and make money.
BALDWIN «t HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
-B. <fc. H !
$750 __
S7 ! 0 ;
$750-
$750 IN PRIZES.
A BUILDISG LOT FOR NOTHING.
In oraer to promet* the further Im-
pro\-i*ment and development of the
CASTBO-ST. ADDITION we are going
to mnke lih»>rn! Inducements in the
form of prl7.es to tho;e who will build
houses coiMbr over $750 npforo April 1,
1896. This offer applies to all parties
who have already purchased and to those
who purchase a lot before February 1
1896. Full particulars at the office.
We desire to call'the attention of those
who have net seen the Castro-st. Ad-
ditio-n the un::sual opportunity for secur-
ing n hor - l«t.
THE CASTRO-^T. ADDITION
Is on the line of the Gnerrero-su electric
road, only 26 minutes' ride from the
New City Hall, ami 5 minutes from
Th rtl 'th and Guerrero sts.
1. JI.DINv; LOTS range from $350
to $500.
THE RMS are only $10 per month.
THK STREETS are all grat'edi
Bewen i and macadamirsd. Water
piped to every lot. All ready for imme-
diate building.
THK BKSTLOTS IN THE CITY at
the prices, eitber for a home site or as a
savings bank in which to put $10 a
mouth. ' all or se.-d for map.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
-B. &. h. : .
O'FAIUIEf.L A CO., ~~ ~~~
REAL ESTATE BROKERS,
11 Montgomery st.
QQ"\Or> ELEGANT FLATS ONOOUGH ST.;
dDuuUy. _;;i;it surroundings: 7 rooms each;
! 27:0 feet front; street work done; lot worth $7000;
i flats ily four years oki.
QOQfiO RENTS $30; FLATS NEAR
t^uUUU, Vallejo and Jones sts.; a good buy.
inn TO EXCEPTIONALLY CHOICE
Cl"" bnUdlnn lots; tak* the Mlssion-st. elec-
tric can, nsk tho conductor lo let yo;: out nt Cotter
I st.: you -li tliere see he block; street Graded,
macadf and drbed; lots level and ready to
build nvon; positively no hills :o climb and only a
j fen- feet from the cars, mailing be lots practically
; on th'^ MlsMon-st. car line: 14 buildings have een
! put up on this subdivision since we started the
I Balei you will fit:<i Mr. 6; A. Turner on th<« prop-
erty cv ry morning, who will 1".- pleased to show
J you around and give you all the information oe-
sired.
Q17,-.A INCOME $480 A YEAR; NA-
«3i-r • i)\J> torn a st. Investment, property, near
6th; improvements consist of 2 flats of 6 rooms
eacli. "-•'-.
CT.nnO f'.uck asked; AN OFFER WILL
. UUUU be entertained: modern bay-window
sldenceoni c ortl skie o) Oak st., nr. Soott; 7
rooms and bath; high finished basement; street
' paved with bitumen and accepted by the city; lot
(&X9 KA INCOME A MONTH; MODERN
ft)OA.O\J flats In the Wesi m Addition; 6
rooms and bath each; loi 1:5x106:3; nicely lo-
cated, convenient to the Ualght, Oak and Page-st.
car lines; offered at a sacrifice. n
Q ! 9 (MM) SUTTER-BT FDOWrrrOWN IN-
'7 ■ -j.\J*nr. vestment— Positively the greatest
i bargain that has ever been offered on Sutler si ■
S leased to one tenant for $780 per annum; a ood!
subs'antinl building of 13 rooms; the lot Is worth
the price asked.
<5 Q7 0N r ' v $1 00 A FOOT FOR A BUTLD-
rj! 'JtUXJ. ing lot on Liaguna st,, near Waller
i t h'fh is only one block from Market st. : lot .'■:',■'
; 91:."l; $6560 for a choice corner adjoining the lot
above— that Is, corner Waller and Laguna sis.;
35x100.
O'FARRELL CO., Real Estate Brokers,
11 Montgomery st. |
T OT 25x127:6 ON 15TH AYE., r.KT. I) AND '
i-i C sta., Richmond Tract, cheap; must itesold-
party going away. For particulars inquire at 1805
Mission st.
l?Oll SALK-C <TT AGE: LOT 25x70; $200
X 1 ca.ih, balance as rent; near cars. Apply S H.
i W., 1)0 . 56, Call.
\ M ONG RFfABLIsnFID IMPKOVEMKNTS—
j\ 1- mltvale Termiual Tract. Lots $100 up.
Money" " :
LOANED ON real ESTATE
at lowest market
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE AND TRUST COMPANY. j
OFFICE MILLS BUILDING.
L. B. ELLERT, MANAGER.
T)RIGBT, CHEBEY, HEALTHFUL LOCA-
J-Mlois— Frultvale Terminal Tract. Lots sloo up.
$E DOWN, |6 MONTll; CITY LOTS •
t^O $100 up. THE MCCARTHY CO., 64oMarketi
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
KKAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains In lots.
CjrfTfd $300 FOR BPLXNDIB LOTS NEAR
<JP I*J the park and Grand Boulevard ; $10 down
and $6 monthly. fcOL Gf'.T7, 4 BRO.
1 © Q("lO * 100 - * 4!SO CfIWI TO*slTdO ; CHOICEST
I tiTtJUVt. lots n«nh »nd sonth of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist .-.tp. to 28th aye. and Point
! Lelroi, Clnn.ent, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges; opposite con-
cert valley an* Strawberry Rill lace on the south;
terms snli purchaser. SOL OJST2 tfc BRO.
Ifin to $a*o: 'J»oii,dino LOTS near
tipi\)\> Mlsslon-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and »ft moathly. SOL GETZ <fc BRO.
CALL FOR JUAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
SOL GETZ & BRO., Owners,
Koom A, tirst floor, Crocker building.
U"OR HOMKS AND INVESTMENT— FRUIT
1 vale Terminal Tract. Lots $100 up.
FT IS A HEALTHFUL SPOT — FRITVALE
JL Termfhal Tract. Lots $100 up.
'C»9^A MUST BE SOLD: OFFER WANTED:
f<pjU*)\J. this loc Is worth doable: 2 blocks south
of the park; cask or iistnllments: title Insurance;
see owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
YJact HEIGHTS; NEW RESIDENCES;
i- from $7800 up: on Gough flt., nr. Rroadway
contain A »nd 9 rooms each, with all modern Im-
provemen:s: electric Ushtlng; furnaces; 'houses
papered and decorated: erery thing finished in
flm-ciass manner: street to bo paved at expense
of owner; houses open for iuspeetion; teniis easy.
Apply on premises.
CITY REAL JESTATE.
SHAiNWALD., BUCKBBBA CO., REAL £S-
TATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTED.
$3000— Beautiful new cottage: 12 nay st., near
1 ijolores: contains 5 rooms, b.ith and baaement;
1 easy terms; small cash payment; balance at 7 per
• ceat; lot 25x114.
$oO,ooo—^ftcramento st. ; 3 very handsome resi-
dences; 8 rooms and bath each; rents $205.
$860— Terms $100 cash, balance $20 monthly;
Richmond lots; 10th aye., near California s;.;
cheap.
S6OO-nill st.. near Sanchez; 25x114; offer
1 wanted.
$2250— Clay st.: marine view; Presidio nelzhts,
near Laurel St.; 27:6x127 or two lots at tho
same rate.
$6250-905 Fillmore St.. near McAllister; hand-
some two-story cottage of 7 rooms and bath; lot
25*87:6.
$2675— 916 Hampshire St., near 21st: new cot-
tage of 4 rooms and bath; stable for 3 horses; lot
25x100; easy terms if desired.
$5250— Broderick st., near (lay; very handsome
cottan«> of fl rooms and bath; lot 27:8^4 *80.
$5500— Folsom st., near 14th: three modern flats
of o ana o rooms ana bain; rents $42: 10t 25x122:6
feet.
$16,000— Mission St., N. line, near sth: store and
flat above; $00P0 mortgage can remain at 6V>
cent; lot 25x90.
$3300— Stevenson St.. near 19th; 2 flats of 4 and
5 rooms and bath: rents $30; lot 25x80.
$5000— 21 st st:, near Valencia; price reduced-
lot •J-.'.xW feet; rents $47;
$4250— st., near 2d; rents $42; lot
25xeo teet.
$6000— Price reduced from $7500; substantial
bay-window house of 8 rooms md bath ; Golden
Gate aye., n?ar Pierce: lot 27:6x110 feet.
$1500— 14 th and Jessie 9ts., northwest corner-
-25x93 feet.
$1250— 215t st. and York, southeast corner: 25x
100 feet,
$2250— 516 Diamond st.; modern house of six
rooms and bath; terms, $100 cash, balance $20
monthly, same as rent.
$9250— Mission st., near 19th; lot 45x122:6,
with 3 houses: rents $45.
$2800— Cost owner over 4000 : handsome modern
bay-window cottase, 5 rooms and bath; cement
street: on line Sutro electric road; easy terms,
equal to rent if desired.
$1250— Stevenson St., near 14th, 25x65 feet; or
thre« low at same rate.
$1100— Noesu.E. line, near Hill; 25x110 feet;
lot nil ar;uled and ready to build on.
$1400-11 ickory *ye., bet. Oak and Fell sts., near
Buchanan: lot 27:6x50 feet.
$3400— N. sidw Jackson st., near Leavenwortb, a
2-story flat of 4 rooms each; rent $24 60 per
month: size lot 24:6x82.
$1700— Clay st.. near Spruce: Presidio Heights;
25x127:31,4, or 3 lot» at the same rate.
$2000— ChnrcJi st., bet. 15th and 16th sts.; 25x
125 feet: on line electric roail.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complere list on aopllcatlon.
SHAINWALD. BUCKBEE & CO..
218-aaO Montfomery st.. Mills building.
C. BEMIS, — —
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$7200 rent a year — trick building; business
property on Market st.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker st.; 55x
137:6 feet.
$2000— E. sidy of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 ftet.
$460— « an Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet.
.I>r.7(Kl-50.v :6fppt on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
$6000—2 modorn houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet ; electric road passes houses;
make on'sr.
$3500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison St.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
ifWO-. ot on Duncan st., bet. Noo and Castro: 25
xl] 4 feet.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
ig ?~6000 bargain"; ON L.V OX E left
out of iive; just complet-d; hew, substan lal,
autlfully finished park residence of S rooms, ll n-
Ished basement and atiic. 1226 Waller St.. near
Masoi:ic aye.
T AICKVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW RACE-
JJ track; low prices; easy terms. THE McCAR-
THY CO., 6t6Mari-etst.
"LMtUIT VALETERMINALTRACT; D. PRATT,
X Yrtiitvale Bta. TIIK MCCARTHY CO., 646
Market st.. S. V. Lois $100 up; easy terms.
(\(}f\ BOLID 3-STOBY RESIDENCE;
OX^.UUI/. 727 Golden Gate aye.: lot 25x
137:6. This ; b nnqaestlonably the cheapest piece
on the avenue. Blfi lard-room frescoing, etc. Open
for inspection.
HOUSES 15 (J1LT;?15O TO 83/5 A ROOM; CalT
arid examine uUtni. 1149 .Mission st.
MUMEV TO LOiA.
JOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city or country: fnrnlfure and planoi; business
strictly private. tteom 88. Chronicle building.
A DVA ON DIAMOJf DS.JEWI i ftY, ETC
Colombia Loan & Uallateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT:' IST, 2Dor MOBTGAGES;
-irV estates, undivided Interests, ror.l estate in pro-
bate. McCOEGAN, 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
1 ST AND 2D MORTGAGES-. <TiY OK COUN
Xtry; admloistrators' merijrajes, Interests in es-
tates. diamonds, pianos, etc, MUAPIIY, ri_S Mkt.
MORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR.
SALOMON A CO., 328 Montgmry,r.2l4 ,
MONEY LOANED, tiV-2 "" PKR CENT ON
niorr(,-aac-i. A. F. JOHNa di CO., 632 Market st.
VfONEY LO AN ED ON JEWJELRY A\J
i'J oth.T valuables at th« Security Loan Office,
j 110CMarkel»t.,nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
il> ORRO W MO«BY ON YOT/B DIAMONDS^
I J ' jewelry, furniture and pianos without removal;
: lowest rates. Call or write to HARRY ANKJBL <fc
CO-,_Milts bid^, tn floor< r C; strictly confldentUl
ON F URNITifRK AND PIANOS, WrTHOUT
removal. Room 63, Ponohoe b'd't:, 11 70 Market I
: \\ r I'AY $S ON THE aCNDRKD COM-
I '" mission to the broker wton you can get the
, same direct from the loaner without it and with-
-0 it charge for making cut Dapen on your pianos
1 and furniture of private families, which fnrnttnre
I is now under the new law H)ort(ra'j<>^bif>; low,Mt in-
' terest without removal: any amount from $103 to
$3000. .418 Mils room
- I OANS ON REAL EBTATE IST AND 2ND
' dJ mon^ac's. undivided interests, estates, and on
furniture or pianos, without removal. in the city
end Oakland or Alameda: any amount: lowest
; rates; all business con:idf ntial : savings bank book 3
; bought. Call or writ ip BP.UKEU.S4C Man -jomery. '
j PAWNBBOKISBS.
AT KEARNY ST.. ROOM D— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pied;es for sale chp.-tn.
FINANCIAL. ~~~
"PERSONS WH » WANT 4 TO 7 1' : Tl CENT
J- Interes a year on their motioy should consuic
I. w. K.vrz *. i >.. 103 alifori i st.
\NY BUM OF MUN'e ? ADVANCED ON
J:Y your furniture, piai^i or real estate: lowest
rat*; call and state your proposition or write; open
evcnmt;.s. J.XQuN AN. 1021 Mission at.
I.L, I. A 1 IO.VAL
Q PANIB H ACADEM Y^BiT OASTILXaN P^BO-
v fi'ssor; 3 day or 2 evening class lessons p r
week, $3 month; so painting academy, specialist
in llowers, landscapes, etc.. 3 clr.ss lesjons per
week, $3 month. 1170 Market St., room ,S7.
SPANISH ACADEMY— P. ALvTrEZ, El).
O itor .Spanish daily newspaper; daily lessons $4
per month; alternate lessohs93 per mouth; Ca's-
tilian professors, 420 Montgomery st.
EN ILISH BRANCHES TAUGHT; PRIVATE i
or class; all'a^es; moderate. MISS v. A. DIL-
LON, Supreme ( onrt building, 110.1 Lnrkin, rm. 93.
MKs. MELVILLE-SN Y HAS
to 620 Sutter st.: teacher of voca'. music (latest
Italian methods), piano and el ciuton; iad!e« ana
gt-ntlemencoa"ched In operatic, Shukespearean and
other plays: appearances arranged.
T UCRATIVE OCCUPATION ; HECHT'S TEN-
XJ letter shorthand: new term; day and evening
classes: teacher's course by the Inventor, $25.
Spreckel* building, 927 Market st.
NGLISfI, LATIN, mathematics, ENG-
Ilsh literatore a specialty. miss poitlston,
724JLV Farrell st. ■
CIUUBSE in gkrman conversation AND
' writing by a German ludy. Address M., box 47,
thlaonice.
MISS BOLTE'S SCHOOL. 2297 SACRAMENTO
St.— Bonrd. Englis'.!, French, pi. no. dancing,
$30 » mo.; excellent chanoe for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give, children a superior educa-
tionatlow figure; term Jan. kindergarten couch.
NGLISH LITERATURE MYTHOLOGY;
class or private. MRS. EHRMAN, 1234 Hush st.
PANISH.I'RENCH.Etc. PROF.nsMLrPPK'S
Acadenty of Lanjuages; 3ae Post; estab. J371.
ELA^CO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL ACTING—
I'rivate theatricals arnuued: pupils rehearsed
on stage. B. 8 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mlct.
SCHOOL KLECTRICALj, CIVIL, MINING. ME-
cbanlcal engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. 'Hi. VAN DEB NAILLEN, 7SSMkt.
bri'DKXTS PREPARED FOR THE"u3rFVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and eveniu"
classes. 333-335 Phelan bnflding.
OWENS ACADEMY, UNIVERSITY AVK.,
Berkeley, Cal. T. B. BOWKNS, M. a., I'rincipal.
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR. CORNET
taught. Prof. L.MERCI, :25Geary :rrui»nablB
"a LMER E. HYER, TEACHER OF. PIANO,
JrY ban]o, mandolin. 405 Geary St., room 17.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOK ICEEP-
JL ing, shorthand, etc. Stichl's College, 723 Market.
QPaNISII, FUENCH.GERMAN: MODKBATE.
OMeisterschuft School Lancua^os, 122 O'Farrell s;
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,'
typing, electrical englneerlnjr, telegraphy, modern
languagea rapidly taught. Write for tatii!osue.
TV]IGHTSCrtOOL;IiEALD'SBL'!i.CoLLL:OE-24
Xi Pest: commercial, shorthand. Knj'itsh ; low ratei
■\7-10LiN, Mandolin, CELLO, Aanjo; f;f*A-
V Bonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y Valencia.
r^IIEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING-
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
QAN FRANCISCO BUStNXSS COLLEGE, 19S8
O Market: ;«»n1 for r»i. : 'Ut >,*iil >v<»^ia? B'^^lon.
BIUtDISO AB» LOAN 'ASSOCIATION.'
jpONTINKNf Al. BUILDING A X D 'LO annas'
\J Gociation— Home offlco, 222 £anstime st., B. F.
Genera! snvinjs <fe loan business. Ed K. Hill, Pres.;
Olivex Jtldrldtfe V.i'r.iW Corbin, Sec.«t Gea.Maa
coijntkv veal estatl.
Q'FAIiKELL co., — ~ ~~~ — -
david bush, country department
U montgomery st.
THE WISE man BUYS when everybody
-«- wants to se:l. There Is money to be
made in general fanning this coming
year, and country property will
never be as cheap again. Look at
these bargains!
O7 KA AN ACRE: 600 ACRES; WITHIN 1
tjp I .<J\J mile from scboolhoosa at Mlra-
monte, Kern County, with an artes-
ian well flowing 1,200,00*0 gallons
dally; there are 3 houses and 2 barn
sheas for stock; this land will grow
anything: it Is one o: t!ir pr-ntest
bargains In this State to-day, as the
San Joaquin Valley road will go
very near this land.
QftOOO WILL BUY Si ACRES OF WINE
*ip\J\J\J\/ grapes, 22 acres in table grapes, 15
acxi in orchard, nil in full bearins,
within I*4 miles of depot and
steamer landing at Martinez: good
improvements; this place will pay
for itself net in two years, and is tl:a
greatest bargain in the State to-day ;
easy terms.
<?;9 ion WIL " BUY 251/4 ACRES, 7 MILES
tliJ-Jt/v/U from Watson viik-, 1 mile from post-
oilk-e atGlenEcho; about io acres
in bearing orchard and vineyard,
good hard-finished house of 4 rooms,
barn and outbuildings: plenty of
wood and water.
QQOOO WILL BUY 70 ACRES OF LAND 3
<3O\J\J\J ji.iics from Glen Ellen; IS acres in
cultivation, balance timber land with
plenty of wood and water; all fenced;
house of 4 rooms, co ta;e of 2 rooms,
2 barns, 4 chicken-hooses, granary,
etc.; the wood on this place would
pay for it when cleared: ready mar-
~ « .~~ ~ ket for the wood.
OA ACRES, 1V 3 MILES FROM SEBASTOPOL.
*J\J Sonoma Comity: 540 cherries, 550
peaches, 807 apples, 470 prunes, 18H
pears, 30 almonds, 20 quinces, 20
apricots, 5000 wine grapes, blackber-
ries, gooseberries; 3 acres In pota-
toes; 1 acre In corn; good house with
7 rooms; large barn and outbuild-
ings; fine water; horses, harness,
wajeons, bucgy, plow, cultivator,
fruit trays, boxes, etc.; 4 acres oi
timber ou the place; a handsome,
profitable place; price $6500; on
easy terms: wlil exchange.
<Z>9.^f)fl POX 17 - Kl;s OF LAND NEAR
t lP* i " Clayton, Contra Costa leunty; 70
ucri-8 can be cultivated, balance pas-
ture land, with plenty of wood and
water; family orchard of Rbout 100
trees in bearing, with comfortable
house, barn and ouib;ii!dincs; plenty
of runn;!)^ water; this .nmi will
grow unything; part cush.
w!?'^O PER ACRE: 33-IACKiiS NEaB LIVER-
<ip«J*J more; 90 acres now in chevalier bar-
ley: 100 acres now being sown to
wheat, balance fine pasture, nicely
timbered witu oak limber; plenty of
water; 2 farmhouses, new barn,
granary, blacksmi:h-shon, milk-
- house, carriuge-house; this would
nsake a rine stock or dairy ranch;
300 acres of this place could be ctil-
tivated; this is a great bargain and
easy terms will be granti d.
Q*r:A AN .\( BE; 300 ACKES FINE GRAIN
<ipU\_/ and stock farm; -j miles from NHes,
Alameda County: good Immeve-
ments; easy term.-.. OPTMH
CM AH AN ACRE WILL BUY 150 ACRES
«fIJ-Lvu tirst-i bottom land, 2 miles from
Ukiah; 30 acres in hops, 20 acres in
prunes and peaches, 'M acres in al-
falfa: nophouse costini; $7000: fine
dwelling, barn and other outbuild-
ings: even-thing in first-class shape,
and is a (rrea; i>ai'K-in.
OI7TER ACRE WILL lU. V 480 ACRES
<IP J- • near Clayton, Contra Costa County;
125 acres lev? 1 land; 300 acres have
been cultivated, balance rolling
i asture; handsomely wooded; water
irom sprln«s and wells; good hard-
flntshed b»n*e of 8 rooms; burn,
granary, blacksmUh-shop and
chicken-houses; $14,000 <vai offf-red
for this place and declined less than
2 yenrs a<o; would maxea Bne stock
place; we nave sotae of tne greatest
bargains in improved fruit, vineyard,
grain a:.d stork ranches 1 hat were
ever sren in this State, as also some
rlne income properties torrent orex-
change; call for particulars.
T^DWIN K. ALSIP & CO., ~~~
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE a SPECIALTY.
C? 1 O 000 A FINK FARM OF 105 ACRES,
%P-I — •\J\J\J. near the railroad, in contra Costa
County: 75 acres of bottom land and
th* balanC( (irs:-class f;r:ii"i land;
[>' - : acres orchard and vineyard;
house of 6 rcoms: stable, chicken-
h'-use, etc. : ii nest kind of sugar-beet
hmd.
<sMOOO VERY little CASH REQUIRED
VPttvUU. as tir. 1 --: payment: 20 acres near Mer-
ced, with 7 acres iv fruit, 7 acres in
vineyard and the balance alfalfa
land; all under irrUat'on; good B-
room house, barn, chicken
e:c. ; fine well of water, good loca-
tion.
<KnP\OO A FINE rj/'ACE WITHIN ONE
tipuuxjyj. mileof sehastopol, Sonoma County,
consisting of -Oacres. with 12ucres
in frui:, 8 acres in vineyard; cood
house and outbuildings: terms $750
cash and balance In ins: ailments: or
will trade for city property.
Apply to EDWIN K. ALSIP it CO.,
No. 9, Rotunda, ills bui'd ng,
San Francisco.
<2t97^0 A FIXK PAYING MODEL RANCH
<^r_ I O\J. in Marin Co.: 12 acres: 22 miles from
San Francisco; 5 minutes to railroad station: 5
acres In choice bearing assorted orchard; 1 acre In
vineyard: good 2-story house o; 0 rooms; fine
barn, caick»-n bouses.; net wire chicken yard ; fine
well and windmill: ' water Diped to house and
through grounds; shade trees; plenty of timber for
fuel on place; all in Al order: also horse, harness
and cart, COW, all farm tools and some household
goods: tills is the cheapest and best home ranch
in California. LEE KI»K
30li Montgomery st.
r'JR SALE OR TRADE— IGO-A'IUE GRAIN
-L ranch : all fenced ; comfortable buildings; near
Tipion, k'ulare County: price fBOOO. PHILBRICK
& CO.. 25*8 i olsom, near I wenty-second.
ESPARTO TOWN AND COLONY: ON LV 3 OR
■i 4 hours from the bay: the mo« equable cliniato
of Central California, and the neighborhood of the
next great development of electric power: e<jual to
l-'olsom; a pan of the "Raneho Canada de C*pay
Grant"; unquestiosably the earliest and fines;
irui. oelt on the coast and superior to any ior di-
versided farming; about 600 acres, In 20-acre
farms, surrounding the town; town already con-
talnslarge brick blocks, a tine hotel, a fine hlgh-
Echool tiliildiiig, water works, nrteslan, pure and
soft: desired a purchaser or purchasers to take the
whole Interest Of present owners In the colony lots
and Lown propi rty, In lump or otherwise, at shock-
ingly low ngures; .' won't cost much to examine;
Is an Irrigation canal on the land. Apply to GEO.
D. i ifc Xl; ,v CO., Woodland, Cal.
crcm sale ON ACCOUNT OF death of
J- owner— 420-acre stock and frull ranch (Yuba
County): tino h«rd finlsttSd 2-story house, com-
pletely famished, runtiins; wnter, »rood outl uild-
inss, some s< c w , several mines on ih<- place- also
123«cn>s wfll improved, good buildings. In same
locality; terms easy. M., box 14. Call Owce.
TO LET— 3 SMALL CHI KK> i;.i.\c, 5T
1 •is? 60, $8 and ?10 per niontn. G C. YOUNG,
Petiiluma.
VOX SAI OR EKCHANGE— 24O ACRES; 200
X level. GO clear: nice orchard assorted fruits:
plenty of wood and water; good dwelling, barn,
c; nearly all fenced: close to large town; 10
hours irom city; $3000; part cash, balance on
time: wilt trade for i-lty property or good business.
C. 8., box 77, this office. "
MA COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco
ItancLo de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; frni*, grain and
vegetable lnnd, no irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $10 to $75ceracre; terms made
tOMuit: send for LrcDlar.
Improved dairy larn-s for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESIMIfiNT COMPANY, 61
and C 5 Chronicle building. •.
BARGAIN— LOTS, SITUATED BETWEEN
Trnttvale and San Leandro, suitable for
chicken-ranch ior $200 cash; cost over double
320 McAllister st.
ESTABLISHED 15 YEARS.
-t* N. D. SICKELS,
THE
LANK AGENT.
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); most reliable,
largest and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE in America.
318 Tost .st.. b»t. Stockton and Powell, s. 9,
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY,
OAKDALK, STANISLAUS CO.. CAL.
Beautiful younij or«.nj{a groves In tracts of 5 acres
and npwnrd. lyinraloriß the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oftkd;\\the principal station
of thrHetithern Pacific Railroad onthellnerwtwecn
StocKton and Merced. The Btantgians and San
Joatiuln Irrigation Company's canal rnns directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared lo sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. Th« property Is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs In the State and for a small
consideration cares for tne orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
aftorJe px»»llent upon for huntera.
Prices for land, including a perpetual water rt"ht
nna punted to orange trees, $175 ncr acre. Unim-
proved land wltn fnlly paid up vraier rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchaas price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
or further particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE cfc CO.,
638 MarKet Street,
Or F. T. KNEWING, our Francisco. Cal.
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
• • ■ - Oakdale, Cal.
A TO SACRE CHICKEN iUX«M&S O.V 10
.tt years' credit. P. H. I.VINO. Sonoma Clty.Cai.
1 0 . crii;s ' m 00: MORE SAME PRICE: PAY-
-1U able $2 a week, without interest; level valley
land; railroad runs throiiKh the tract: the best
t>nrga!n In California: secure a home; you will no:
miss the *'" B week; will be worth $5 to $1.
WESTERN LAND COMPANY. 640 Market st.
END FOR OUR lAtrt! OF ORCHARD UOMJC.-i
for sale. WOOSTER «fc WIiITTON. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOS BROADWAY.
OAKLAXD KEAI] KSTATE.
PARTIES WISIIIG TO BUY A HOJfE IX
-1- CenlraJ California mey be lntercstwl o know
that E. E. Buoce, the well-known real estate
! asrent at 1008 Broadway. Oaklsnd, Is oiTcrinjrspe-
: cial Inducements to intending purchasers. He car-
ries ■' large list ol choice homos, from (he cosy
: little cot; ape to the lovely mansion: fruit grr.ih
; ranches; lirso tracts that can bo sub.llvidc-d. Large
| list of Chicago, Boston and New York property
! for exchange. Don't fail to send for catalogue and
, price list, or call and see E. E. BUNCE, IUOB
Broadway, Oakland, Cal.
V\fANTED-TO EXCHANGE AT. ONCE, A
»' Ksidencein Berkeley; handy to the univer-
s ty. for v residence in !«an Francisco; will pay
I cash diiTermce ior tne ntht place; property all
clear and In fine nelghborhool
P. C. WATSON, 463 Ninth st., Oakland.
j-REAT BARQAIM-C RANCH: 9
'» acres in bearing fruit of a variety; lease for 3
years, r-m, §125 annually.
l-orsuie— House of 5 rooms: barn; 9 chlcken-
house^: v quantity of fencing; 100 cood fowls;
price only $-*75. Fruitvale Land Company, Fruit-
vulo station. \-. .,■■• 
Q 9AOO A FINE TWO-STOKY HOt SE -» ND
iS>S.V\J\J. lot. s')xioo, well located, for sa!e>
also Oakland houses and lots u> exchange for coun-
try. ALDEN & GARFIELD, buildrrs, 9'J'J Broad-
wuy, Onkland.
]JV)R SALE, AT A SACRIFICE— NEW COT^
J toge of 0 rooms, modern; lo: 80x180; on sunny
side of street; situated on Fruitvaio aye.; price.
$3000. Address P. KELLY, 459 Ninth at.. Oak-
land.
100 LOT.S AT FRCJTVALE STATION;
<IP I\JU. come to-day. LODGE & POWELL.
HA A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alnmeda: easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands lor
vacant lots: land fr*-e and clear: will assume some
niortK.-.L.. CHAS. KERN, Central Bank build-
ing, Oakland.
AIJGAINS —2 - STORY 8 - ROOM HOUSE,
near Market-st. station; $2250; only $600
cash wanted.
I OT ON PACIFIC AYE., ALAMEDA. 50x160;
J $1000; Unest in town. C. K. KINO, 902 Broad-
"ay-
fI£AA 160 ACRES. SONOMA COUNTY,
*iD-LUUU. near Lytton Springs: elegant chicken
ranch. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, i lakland.
SACK!-. 1 MILE OUT OF HAYWARDS;
Q half fruit; 91400. C. K. KINO, «02 Broadway.
QJOOO eleoals't I!OT'^F. 11 rooms
rJt^tXJKJVJ. and bath; lot 37x150: 3 minutes'
walk to Mnrket-st. station; part cash, balance to
suit. .
$1000— House of 7 rooms and bath, near Oak-
si, station; 600 cash, balance can remain.
E. HIIiL, Kf-al Estate,
Room 34, Donohoe Building.
i ©fiOOO JSKaVtI. n.I.Y LOCATED HESI-
-'\ «JpUUU<». dence, Alamedn; Io! 40x124; all
nicely furnished : any reasonable olfsr.
Large list ol choice residences and cottages for
sale In Oakland, Berkrley, Alameda, Frultvatoand
Piedmont; acre tracts and ranches, Send for cata-
i logne or see 1:. E. BUNCE, 100S Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
TPOB SALE AT A SACRIFICE-FINE LODG-
-t tng-house. For particulars call or write BENJ.
w. 1 KRRIB, 962 Broadway, Oakland.
49(1 MONJ 11LY >'Oir ROOM COTTAGKsT
<P^iU plans free. F. BOEOLK Golden Gate statn.
C? 1 P.A LOTS NEAR THE ALTENHEIM IN
«fpJ-OU. Froltvale: electric cars: only $1 down
; end $1 a week; selling fast; =oo<l improvements.
! H. B. PINNEY. ownf-r. 902 Broadway, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
AL, AM iDA . BKAL STA B.
<2t99(in 5 5o^c^mr^2^o^f7^'n?LiYT5
<ig)£n*\J\J. rooms and bath; perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400-No cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100; new
I cot t »ee. •
■ $3000— cash; $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage.
53250— 5200 casn, $80 monthly; 33x100; eic-
-1 gant couago on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— 5300 cash, $35 monthly; 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottaace: 7 rooms and bath.
MAiICUSE & IiEMMEL, Bav-st. Btfttton, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
Q1 l\i\ DOWN, BALANCE MONTHLY PAY-
.. 1 ' "' ' ments— Fine nearly new modern 2-slory
honse, 7 rooms and bath; near station, school and
: churches: must be gold: call and see at once. 11.
P. MOREAL. 1432 l 1 rk St.. Alameda.
C?Ta7) DOWN - ELEGANT N E\V 6-ROOM
O-i- \ M t modern cottage in center of city, close to
■ school and station: lot 35x150: price 52260. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500
; Park st.. Alameda.
j CM 000 NEW AND MODERN HOfJSR OF 7
ripT.\7Uu. rooms and hath: lot 42x147:6: iv
■ good locality, terms easy; Installments. JOSEPH
j A. LEONARD CO.. 1"64 Park St.. Alnmeda.
BEKK tXEX Kl'la;. CSTATJB, "
I "VTEAR THE UNIVERSITY; STEAM AND
-Li electric cars: an elegantly built cotia^e of 6
i rooms; all the latest Improvements; for sale at a
1 bargain. JAS. j. MAbON, Dwight-way station,
[ Berkeley.
SAHTA CLARA COBHTyT
rkal, kst.vtk.
InIT prope v.iy
FOR sale at LOW PRICES.
James A. CLAYTON' A CO.,
land AGENTS, SAN jose.
profitable ORCHARD ADJOINING THE
JL city of San Jose; 40 acres: so:! 20 feet: 10 acr
prunes, thi« year's crop sold for $2300: 10 acres
peache3, ti Is year's crop was heavy, 45 ons from
1 3 8-7 acre, trees 30 feet apart; 10 acres tine apri-
cot orchard that yield heavy; balance Iv cherry
I trees; price $33,500.
| ] A 7 ACRES VALLEY LAND SOUTn OF SAN
1 A-\J I Jo«e; good land; orchards adjoining; house
' 5 rooms, barns, etc. ; scattering onk trees: thera is
: nn orchard of about 12 acres in bearing; this prop-
■ »-r:y Is finely located; convenient to railroad s-.i-
-, tion end school; jir:ce $125 per acre ; no objection
i io taking San Francisro prcnerty in trade If same
'■ is improved and unincumbered.
1 1 O(\ ACRES IN FOOTHILLS, NEAR CON-
! J l)V' gress bnrings; 13 miles from San Jose; 100
* acres nearly level: abcir 12 acre> fruit trees, apri-
: cots and prunes. 1 ana 4 years ola: about ■-.'•) acres
; granos; the soil Is good; small house and barn;
I good ■ springs; this property belongs to savings
| bank; anx'otis - o sell: will give 5 years' time, easy
j payments and ivauced price; .*4')O!J.
! X ACRES ADJOINING THE CITY OF SAN
i O Jose; frontage on 3 roads: house 5 rooms, barn,
j etc.; flowlncwell; choice and: $4000.
8 ACRES 3 MILES FROM SAN JOSE; LEVEL
land; one-quarter mile from car line: 8150 per
! acre.
j "I X 5 ACRKS LEVEL LAND. 8 MILES FROM
j JLUs San Jose; cheap: terms half cash; .*l<J75.
I r acrks o.v Mclaughlin AYE., NEAP.
S 0 the city: $1275.
| r»OX ACRES, 5 MILES FROM MILPITAS, 12
j UO(J miles from San Jose: hill land; 300 mv -s
, cnltlvated for hay and s;ra;n. 14 acres old orchard:
ranch is well watered; large springs: house 8
; rooms; iar^ebarn; price $ .'.'■ per acre.
• l)(\ ACRES ORCHARD IN FULL BEARING:
; «jU prunes 18 acres, apricots 2 acres: near the
city; $11,000.
ORCHARDS NEAR SAN JOSE ARE THE
most productive ip the State.
] ACRE IMPROVED, NI.AU SAN JOE;
1 convenient to electric car line; houaeGrooms:
1 good well: 700.
\\rE RAVE THE FTNEST ROADS AND
tT schools; Santa Clara Valley Is the place to live.
JAMES A. CLAYTON &i CO., Land Ageats,
Established over 2S years,
16 West Santa Clara St.. fan Jose.
OANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,000 acres In subdivisions for fruit planting
Apply to C H. PHILLIPS, proprietor.
82 East Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cal.
Uili.il Xil'iCEs. ~
Tm^TICI-r^Tc^CRKDITt 'US - ESTA T T
1> MARCUS Davidson. Deceased. Noilce Is
hereby given by the uiMlerslgned executors ol the
last will and tes'-ament of UARCUS DAVIDSON,
deceased, to the creditors of and all persois
bavini claims against the sxld uecenscd to rx-
blbit .them, with the necessarr vouchers, within
four monthi after the first publication of this
notice to said executors, ay 161 New Montsom-
ery st.. city and county of Sou Fn-.n tsco, State of
Callfornln. which s?.ld place the undersigned select
as their place of business in all m«tter.i connected
with said estate. M V XX DA V I DSON,
JOSEPH HARRIS,
Executors of the lr.s* will and testament Of
MARCUS DAVIDSON, deceased.
December 10, 1535.
I^EPAUTMkJNT'NO. 9 (PROBATE). IN THE
XJ Superior Court, in .nd for the City and County
of San Francisco, aitate of California— In the mas-
ter of the estate of ELIZABETH L. MOXLKY,
deceased.
Notice la hereby given that TUESDAY, the 14th
day of January, a. D. 1 896, at 10 o'clock a.m. of
day, and the courtroom o!" Department No. 9 of said
court, ai the new City Mall, In the City »nd county
of San Francisco, State of California, hare been ap-
pointed ss thn time and place for proving the
authenticated copy of the will of said FUZ \l,Ei ll
L. MOXLE V, deceased, and fnr hearing the Appli-
cation of JOHN C. HCOHES and JAJir.s w.
McELROY for the Issuance to them of letters
testamentary.
Dated January 8, a. D. IS9G.
[Seal.] ' CHARLES F. CURRY. Clerk. . '
By F. B. HOUGHTON, Deputy Cleric
JAMES A. Wi YM IRK. Attorney for Petitioners. '
TO KKCBARfiK.
tXTHAT HAVE YOU TO EXCHANCiE FOR
• • 160 acres of fr lit land in Plncpr County near
Penryn? Addrt-s^ C. A. MAYDWELL, 23 Di-vig.
Additional Classified Adrtiseve*
ments on Pa^c 12.
1112
HOUSB9 TO r '^^-________ I
608! ' COTTAGE OIF^SIX^ROOM^:
OUO bath... 9-26 00
1137 Guerrero six rooms and bath; newly
decorated; line yard r25
IltiCoUingAvood— Cottage, -S rooms; bath... 1» ou ;
920 Florida- Cottage, 6 rooms; bath 1.1 OU
w. H. CRIM « CO., 18 Montgomery st.
Ti • ODKKXIHOUSE OF 11 ROOMS, BKBIDES
l\l kitchen, laundry, • ■ cellar, storerooms, etc.;
eardeuironi and rear; sun ail day; location shel-
tered; superb marine view; 10 minutes' walk to '
conterof city: couvenlent to tsars: don't fail to in- j
Bpect this iious<- before making selection; rent
reasonable. .J. KENNEDY. 11 Montgomery st.
Q-ROOM*HOUSKS: NEWEST PLUMB I NO ;
Om-art'ltv Hill; re:it 932 50: also large sunny
corner flat ; rent *30. P. 3, KENNEDY, 11 Monl-
yoniery st^ ' I
K EDUCED iTO I sl6— 2-STORY HOUSE OF »
sunny rooms and bath; in good condition; 680
Asli nve". ne;ir McAllister and Buchanan ats.
Madison a BURICE. !
.1 a m ak"y.""netcr~fl fth and mission— 7
_' rooms: double parlors; cheap. I
90 TWENTY-THIRD, HAMPSHIRE—
— O t> rooms; bath: yard; rent $17,
<29X HOUSE OF 6 LARGE SUNNY BOOMS {
—O. nnd bath. t524 Ellis St.: water free.
C«7 3 ROOMS: REAR. 72 JUXIPER, OFF
fj" I . folsom. bet. Tenth nnd Eleventh. I
I .).)" l*"s".V> r CITEZ~cT)R. ARMY 6 NICE
.1 •>_>)' i st::'.!:y rooms; new^ly papered; $9.
QO JAI.TWENTYrSECOND ST.— 5 NICESUN-
• '_ ~i ny rooms and bath: $12 50. !
HfITCRE J SALE.
Inquire .'rixtli and Bryant s:s.
a*Qf\ DFRt>M$4O: XICE DEBN
vOu. home — roocas. Anply : ,'i Grant uve.
H: AXl> BATH AND
yard; 1-17 Valencia st.; rent $16. Apply 2838
M ission. : j
CJAVED DOLLARS DIMES AND NIC K
i> by rentins; a house from BALDWIN J: HAM
MOND 30 Montgomery st.
COTTAGES TO LKT.
©-IO^OTTAGE OF 4 BCNNY ROOM B,
•_ IZ. ball, basement, large yard, chicken-house.
121 Eureka St., ur. ■ eenth.
"OTTAgTT~SI4 DOLORES; 5 ROOMS AND
bath: {rout and back garden; large cellar.
UNNY i PTAGES OF -1 AM' 6 ROOMS,
batn basement and yard. 534 15th, ur. Dolores.
OVKLY COTTAGE. WITH YARD, FLOW-
J J ers: only 520. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.
"^.(l m , I'HKAP ; COTT AG E ; 1 1 RUSSELL
•'.•)'". st.. nr. cor. Hyde and Union.
i IOTTAGE: FOUR UOOMS: 99. 327 CUMBER-
V land, bet. Nineteenth an I Twentieth.
oI'SXY COTTAGE, S KOOM8; BATH. l'l.OW-
'^ or garden: !o.;alion line: -S-l). 742 Capp St.
FCKNISHKI) HOUSES^
HMS.G \::-
-den and s::ililo: few boarders if desirable. Call
from 2 to 4, 819 Lombard st.
T5 URNISHED I ? L AT~~"uF B ROOMS AND
l" iKi-h. 1 snitf-r -■•
l-'LA .in i<> LXI,
H.)- .' tK -.. NICE lIM'KK FLAT, 6
>_•' rooms »nd bath. $20; lower llat. 5 rooms
nnd bath, ?18. Apply ,H. UMBSEN & CO., 14
Montgomery st.
>l Ml. FAI. li OAKS HANDSOME NEW
— •X"X z lower flat: B rooms an ! liath; $17 60; sun
all day. I'M USEN, 14 Montgomery st.
"I ILY AYE., M;. BL'CHANAN ST.— NEW
\j upper flat : 6 rooms and bath $20: sunny. G.
11. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery
/•I - SEVENTEENTH— UPPER;. 7 KOOMS; ;
>)1 O r-Htlr $_'•_'(«)
1025 Valencia— Lower; 6 rooms: b»th 22 BO
•J'.'l '. Foisom— Upper: 7 :oo;i s: bath 21 50
2825 ward— Lower; 5 100 ms; ba'li 21 00
31 Lea couit — Upper 6 rooms: bath lti 00 ',
i'slB Mission— U- per: rooms; batu 22 00
i.'o7se.ouct— Upper; 7 rooms 20 00 j
W. 13. CHIM&< . 118 Montgomery s:.
J99 FREMONT ST.: FLAT OF 6 BOOMS;
**i— — craud view over bay.
mwo M.W I'OHXKII FLATSI~SS4 CHURCH
X st.; rent 818 and $35.
"Ql9 UFPER FilaT — 3 ROOMS; BATH. i
Ox — . II 9 Kldey St., near Valencia.
Q] •> FI ROOMS, .HALL AND YARD.
• _ I^.. Clementina st., near Sixth.
1071 H A I ( ■!• r, Ni \l: Fn.LMORE— FLAT, 4
'iO I ■: sunny roon ■ basfment: rent $11.
Q9A flat of B rooms and bath;
O — free water. 2222 Geary st.
ELKGANT. SI NNY.I PPERCORNER
— flats of 6 rooms and bath. 1232 Eighteenth st.
Q Q - SUX X Y- F iJa !^: 3ROOMS EACTi. 87
*?O. Dore s:., oft' Harrison, •ar Ninth.
QO 4 LARGE >OMS, BATH, BEPABATE
'JO- yards. 12. ; 5Vis Twenty-fifth St., nr. Church.
O UPPER , * BAY-WINDOW SUNXY FLATS;
— newly papered: E and 7 room! : 318 Shotwell '
H. 1311 Church st.
•1(1 Fl\-E~srNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
O-l"« 10 filden St., one block wes of Castro ;
nnd Fifteen:]).
Q ifX NY, MODERN 5- JOM FLATS. 914
0 Capp St., near Twenty-fourth.
I^INE BAsTTmENT FLAT 5 KOOMS: YAKD;
cheap. 7J; Central aye., near McAllister st,
I KOOMS; BA il; S tCON L> fIT'JO X : $15:
r 4 rooms: lar^e yard; unfinished basement : $16;
location charmins; rooan clean and In go re-
pair. DEMPSTER, 3S Glen I irk aye.
XfPPJ SHOT WELL ST.; 6 BOOMS
J handsomely liapenni; bath; .- m< nt : quiet
l.orne for old ]>eople; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
,T^EW.£ SUNNY PLAT— ROOMS, BATH;
-' : at s2s; water free; modern conveniences.
192 Clayton -:.
7 mTeTFrent-$u axd $10; 5 rooms and
V bath and 3 ims. t>4l Valencia St.
1 7/1/' "FoST— 3 ANr74"ROO.M FLATS: BATH;.
J I UU garden: rent 513 and $16.
i': ' : - '■ NN^ KOOMS, *--'O;" COTTAGE, 6
I . rooms, 515. Key 1706 Hyde St.
I/ 1 1 XfcfsUNX V ItTpERTIAT; 7 ■Tm s.BATH
J^ and Improvements. Corner Oak and Scott sts.
[T\f BW/JFEAT.'S KOOMS. BATH; NEW
1' improviments. 2956 California st.
Fl HIBD FLOOR: XO
cJiildren : sl2 50: quiet, sunny, clean attractive
DEMPSTER. »6 Ulen faric aye., oS Twelfth st
IMYK J.., . ROOMsTfKONT AXD REAR
yards, sunny; %■-.">. 22 Twelfth st., between
Mission and Howard.
LATOF 6 SUNNY ROOMSTVARD. $14; ALSO
sunny coita«e, i rooms, yard, cellar, $11. Sec-
oir: st., near Townsend.
1 O CA.VI T RO iJPPER FLAT OF 6 LARGE
• )L»> sunny rooms; bath: bay-window; yard.
ROOMS. BATH: $21. 1315 STEINJ-.R ST.,
'' near Ellis: cheapest In town for price.
>rEW CORNER FLAT OF 8 BOOMS, BATH
X\ and every lenown convenience. 1259 Pinest.
:. IT— UPPER KLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMB
X and bath: 1262 Eichteeiith St.: rent $13: new
building. BALDWIN vt HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery si.
DEL AYE., 16a, SOUTH OF PANHAN-
dIe, bet. Frederick :tnd Waller sts.. new flat ;
3 sunny rooms with bath, lanndry, storeroom.
fifcQ SUNNY UPPER « 3-ROOM FL AT. 522
■:!••■.. St., uear First.
SUNNY'IIAT :5 ROuMS: GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: 513 nnd -!»".. 1706 I'os st.
Ql "1 PLAT OF 5 LARGE"SuXXY' ROOMS
O'' l r.n.l bath: water fre.-. 814 Nineteenth
gt , bet. Xoe and Sanchez.
"q 1 '. FLAT Ol B LARGE SUNN\ KOOMS
'.li. anl bath: water free. 25 Ford s:., bet.
Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Xoe and Sanchez.
IWiMW KLATS, SEVENTH Sl'., B&-
Jlo Bryant; 5 and 6 rooms, bath: $8 to $16.
■VJ KW SUNNY UPPER FLAT: OASTBO
j-» cable: 6 rooms, bath; $15, was $22; see photo-
graph. S. 11. HOVEY. 508 California st.
AVED-DOLLAKS, "DIMES AND NICKELS
k^ by ren: n fiat from BALDWIN <fc UAM-
H'l.v'n lv Montgomery gt. j
HOUSEKEEPING kooms.
Uryant Street.
AOf\ BRYANT — ONi: OB TWO SUNNY
"Ou rooms; nicely furnished for housekeeping.
lara Street.
AQ CLARA, NEAB FOURTH-TnREE FUR-
rrO nishec! rooms: bath: ior housekeeping.
Pore Street.
1 J DORE-4 LABGE SUNNY ROOMS UN-
XrlO furnished; rent <io.
Kddy Street.
91 EDDY— LABGE ROOMS, COMPLETE
— IO lor housekeeping; pas, bath; reasonable.
71-I DDY— FOI X INKI RNISHED ROOMS
II I suitable for housekeeping.
71 EDDY— FURNISHED HOUSEKEEPING
II:
Kills street. ~
' .
CAft ELLIS— SUNNY' FRONT ROOM: FUR-
• '"' nished complete for housekeeping; $10.
lftii Street. ~~
1901 FIFTH— SUNNY FBONT ROOMS AND
"'— 3 kitchen furnished for housekeeping: cheap.
J-ourth street.
99- FOURTH-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
— — O and single rooms.
vlQl FOUKTB — NICELY FURNISHED
JUX rooms for housekeeping; private. Jamily;
cheap rent.
l-'ulton Street.
91 Q FULTON— ROOMS FURNISHED COM.-
J. 1.0 plete for houtekeepinK; clean; gas; bath.
lieary . e«t.
1 Ql 1 GEARY, OPP. THE PARK-? 16; AL-
Ull cove suite and adjoining room, with nor-
ce'ainsink; hath: » closets: partly furnistied.
1(, I 7 ARY — PARLOR, BED ROO M,
J •'! • aimag-room, Bewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all uecessarles; $24.
HOCSKKEEriXO KOOMS — Continued.
(i olden C>ate Avenue.
OA9 GOLDEN OATE AYE. -LARGE SUNNY
UUtJ rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
<ir:inci Avenue.
1 7 GRAXD AYE. — FRONT SUITE AND
X I kitchen; suitable for respectable family; all
conveniences.
Harrison street.
1 ft! A HARRISON, NR. TWELFTH— ROOMS
IUIU furnished for housekeeping; all sunny.
Howard Street.
( I IK HOWARD— SUNNY FRONT HOUSE-
iHU keeping rooms: bath.
||)|O HOWARD — MC.-.LV FURXISHED
IUIO rooms ior housekeeping; suites or single.
UNXY' I'l UMSHKIi BOOMS, WITH OR
C^ without housekeeping. 1121 Howard st.; pri-
vate family.
U 9Qa HOWARD-FINE SUNNY SUITE OF
— O front rooms, furnished complete for light
housekeeping; brand-new Brussels carpet, antique
oak folding bed, large closet and grate ior tire; *13
per month: in an American family; none but
sober, quiet people need apply.
I 9AQI HOWARD— ELI-f«ANTLYFURNLSH-
X—\JtJ l z I'd suite rooms; kitchen; $16; single.
Hyde Street.
9AQ HYDE— B SUNNY ROOMH FUBNISHED
—uO for housekeeping; pri vate family : no chil-
dren.
Jeisie Street.
AfJ(* JESSIE- 2 BUNNY BASEMEXT ROOMS
Til) tarnished for housekeeping.
6- A JESSIE- A FLOOBOF 3 XICE ROOMS;
U«JU yaru and cellar: rent $12.
Luogtun street.
91 91 LAXGTOX-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED
£iX+J'Z rooms: rent low.
l.nrkin Street.
Q9l LARKIN-SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM
O^JX for housekeeping..
3larket Stree".
1 ,'AQ MABKET— NICE ROOMS; FUR-
X O\JO nished for housekeeping.
31cAllister Street.
(V\ Ql McALLISTER-1 OB '_' FINELY FUR-
v)I 02 n bhed rooms for housekeeping, or 2 gen-
tlemen.
Mission street.
Ol C MISSION— TWO LABGE SUNNY ROOMS
Olu furnished complete for housekeeping; bath;
toilet.
(|»)"1 MISSION ST.— COMPLETELY FUR-
0~- *J!> nished snhny housekeeping rooms; ex-
clusive bath and porch.
lACC MISSION BKAI 111TI. front par-
\\<')i) lors; complete housekeeping; 3; $15.
1 ill 7 MISSION— FBONT AND BACK PAR-
XttJL i lor; complete for housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
-: AO NINTH— OF SIX FURNISHED
O\J— rooms complete for housekeeping: low rent.
i.rrell Streei.
,^9Ol O"FABBELL— TWO BUNNY T'NFUR
«J— Kj'Z nished rooms; one furnished room.
i oivoll Street.
JAQ POWELL— FUBNISHED ROOMS *'OR
ttU/7^ housekeeping; lady's toard taken for rent.
South ParK.
1 A SOUTH PARK— SUNNY FURNISHED
XU rooms for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
If* SODTH PARK— 2 FUBNISHED HOUSE-
-11) keepim; rooms, $9; anl others.
Moc.kton street.
1 7AQ BTOCKTON— LARGE ROOMS FUR-
X t \JO nished complete for housekeeping; rent
$1
Tenth Street.
AQI TENTH — UPPER FLAT FURNISHED
101 or unfurnislied for housekeeping; $8. •
Third Street.
r:i Q THIRD, COR. SOUTH PARK-FUR-
OXO nished housekeeping rooms; range aud
running water.
Twelfth Street.
IJX TWELFTH— ICK L V FURNI&HED
lw hoosekeeDlng rooms: also single.
A'alenciH. Street
QfiA VALENCIA— 2 , NICELY FURNISHED
UU"± front rooms aud kitchen; private family.
Vallejo Street.
1 9'>9l VAJ.LK.IO — FURNISHED ROOMS
X— O— for light housekeeping.
Van >ess Avenne.
] 0.91 VAN NESS. NEAR GEARY — TWO
: XU_X adjoining rooms: hot and cold wa:er; new
■ house; rent low.
Washington Street.
I r rj9 WASHINGTON— SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\'— cii housekeeping rooms: runTitng water.
KOOMS TO LEX.
Branuan Street.
99 BRANNAN— FURNISHED ROOM WITn
tJtZiuu use of range, 51 per week.
Bryant Street.
F\AJ_ BRY PLEASANT SUNNY ROOMS;
*J~±-± private family: ren.sonable.
Bush street.
IAT Aa BUSII- N E W L V FURNISHED
-LUXU rooms: single or en suite; for gentlemen.
IAIO BUSH— NICELY FI.'RNISHED FBONT
I XV7Xi- alcove room; also others; b.uh; private
family.
Clay Street. ~~
IAI Q CLAY —LA B G E COMFORTABLE
XrtXu room for gentleman, $7.
Devisadero Street.
1 70^ DEVISADEBO— LABOE SUNNY FUR-
X I \JO nished rooms, $.'• to -?6 a month.
>.ddy Street.
9Q EDDY— NICELY FUBNISHED ROOMS;
— - single and double; terms reasonable.
I I Q EDDY— bUNNY ROOMS; NEW FURNI-
XXO ture; clean beds; $5 up; also lieht house-
keeping.
•>•>- EDDY-SUNNY U NFURNISHED
00 I rooms; grate: $6 a montn.
CIQXO D'Y — LABOE FU KNISHED BAY-
Uli/ window room: reasonable.
Kiglttli Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
I-\ \a EIGHTH - SUNNY, UNFURNISHED"
j X IT honsekeepib? rooms; sinsleoren suite.
Ellis Street. ~
Ql 7 ELLIS — NICELY FURXISHED AL-
OXI cove: siwjles; double; $« up; house-
kee;i:n.-.
"C99~ELLIS-NEWLY FURXISHED SUN N V
O— <— i room: hot nnd cold water: 99.
791 ELLIS-LABGE FRONT ROOM TO RENT; !
I—X It able lor 2 gentlemen bath ; reasonable.
-j 1 9^: ELLIS- NICELY FUBNISHED BUN-
XX O ny pallors and front room; icasonable.
KTerett Street.
nA EVERETT-SUN NY SINGLE FURNISH-
*-> X ed room, $4 per month.
Jc'ifth Street.
O"l A FIFTH ST.-J-AROE SUNNY FUR-
•Hi nished room; closet; bath: private family,
$1 ) er week.
.Fourth Street.
9fifi FOURTH-SINGLE WELL FURNISHED
£.\J\J room; only $5 per month.
Garden Street.
1 1 GARDEN ST., XR. DEVISADKRO—
XX rooms, $10; All modern improvements.
Geary street.
A 99 GEARY- NICELY FURNISH SUNNY
•j— rooms: single or en suite: nultable for offices.
Uoldeu Gate Avenue.
99Q GOLDEN GATE AYE.-2 NEWLY FUR-
*.±.<J nished front connecting rooms.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.-SUNNY FRONT
OO\J room for 1 or 2 gentlemen; private family;
reasonable.
A 9 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— NICELY' FUR-
±\J^j nished sunny front parlor and alcove.
41 E GOLDEN OATE LARGE FB.ONT
l O room; nicely furnished; private family;
$10; smaller one, f6.
I^lo O -I.HKX GATE AYE.— FINELY FUR-
XOX\J nished bay-window alcove aud housekpg
privileges; everything complete; sun all day; 815.
Gough Street.
n9fk GOUGH— SUNNY SUITE OF ROOMS;
«-V furnished or uufurnlshed; references.
Hayes Street.
7QQ ES-HANDSUME PARLOR SUITE
1 OO or other rooms; dresser attached.
Hickory Avenue
OqO HICKORY AYE.-4 ROOMS AND BATH.
OOP Inquire 601 Hayes st.
Howard Street.
QXQI HOW A R D - HOUSE CHANGED
UOO2 hands; newly renovated top to bottom.
1 91 7 l HOWARD-LARGE boom, SUIT-
J — 1 I 2 able 1 or a young men; ga«, bath- pri-
vate. family. ' •
17IINELY FURNISHED FBONT, ALSO HOUSE-
X keeping room. 70 Howard.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1596.
KOOMS TO LKT- Continued.
lly«»e Street.
LAO HYDE-LARGE BUNNY FURNISHED
X\Jij front room.
Ii^URNISUED ROOMS^ SINGLE OR EN
-T suite: sun all dny; housekeeping if necessary.
ROH Hyde gt.. nr. Sutter.
•Jessie street.
r )dd- JESSIE— 4 ROOMS UNFURNISHED.
J oik's Street.
9A7 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
*-*•' • management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to $30.
Ivcarnv Street.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KE ARNY— PLEAS-
-i\- ant sunny rooms, en suite single; tirst cla-ij
in every respect: terms rensonable.
JLarkln Street.
P:-] 9 LARKIN — FUBNISHED OR UNFUR-
Ox^ nlshed back parlor; terms reasonable.
n^/TITXIUC ilsflTO iIGE SUNNY FUR-
XxjU.U nlshed front room, $7 a month; single 85.
"I^l7 iTTriil: 1 n-nicj;ly furnished
XtJJ.I front room sullable for gentleman, $12.
ar ket, Street.
707 MARKET, OPP. GRANT AYE.— NEWLY
101 furnished rooms; en suite or siugle; day,
week or month; prices reasonable:
1 077 MABKET— LABGE front room
l"l I nirely furnished, $10 month; one, 58;
single, $6; uae kitchen if wanted.
1 (VI <i MA I > KKT - ABO\' E SIXTH. in REAR—
xUX O Light, airy, sunny furnished rooms; cheap.
■\rqsEaiiTK llisi si:. 1045 MaICkET. bet.
X fc-txth aud Seventh— Single »nd suites; per
night. 35c to ?1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families
99 MARKET— NICELY FURNISHED
— •— suites; also single rooms; ?2 to $b' week.
T'Jji' MARKET— THE MONARCH— SUNNY
J- Otl) furnisi ed rooms single or en suite; all on
lirst floor; from $6 upward.
1 K(»Q MAB X X I— N ICE SUNNY ROOMS FOR
NFURNISHED ROOMS. 1812 MARKET,
Van Ness House: suuny and large.
Mason Street.
9 MASON, NEAR MARKET— ELEGANTLY
furnished sunny front room; 1 or 2 gents.
A "J n MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
T^X i front suites, suitable for doctor's oflico.
McAllister Street.
AAO MCALLISTER — A SUNNY CORNER
Jtv/^i furnished room; $7.
Mission street. ~
IpUBOPE HOUSE. 1169 MISSION—
■J furnished rooms, single or en suite; transients.
Minna street. '
79 MIXXA - NEATLY FUBNISHED
1 I -J rooms; 75c and $1 per week.
Qf{'7 MIXXA, CO! T EIGH H — NEWLY !
UU furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week;
transient.
Polk •>• 1 -c-t.
n POLK— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS .$l2; SlN-
gle r.p; also housekeeping.
cyn POLK, COR. O'FA K BELL — NICELY
O— • I furnished sunny rooms; housokerp'.n? if
desired.
|Y?O7 POLK NICELY FUBNISHED
'-'— ( room, with use of par.or; music teacher
preferred owning piano.
l'osr Street.
Ql "a POST-2 NEATLY FURXISHED SIN-
t'XO gle rooms: gas and bath; $6 and $6.
1 P. 91 POST-NICELY FURXISHED BOOMS
J-tJ Sa\ single or double; terms reasonable.
9r«O'J> POST- URNISHED ROOM; USE OF
-.VOO kitchen if required.
Sixth Street.
9 A SIXTH. NEAR MARKET-NICELY FUR-
-0 nlshed front suite.
OO SIXTH — THE HILLSDALK. SUNNY
t*O rooms; single and en suite: $1 to $1 60 a <iay.
91 91 SIXTH — LARGE SUNNY FRONT
-L— 2 room; grate, bath.
■ herv/ood Place.
"I Q SHEBWOOD, OFF THIRD, BET. MISSION
X O and Howard— a month ; 2 unfurnished rma.
Stockton ."Street.
ftAX STOCKTON — NICELY FURNISHED
'"'•» sunny front suite for gentleman; bath and
grate.
I '-tl J. STOCKTON— FRONT SUIT SUITABLE J
XOXtr doctor or dentist; nicely furnished ; cheap.
sutter Street.
9HI A SUTTb-R— NICE BAY-WINDOW FLAT;
-"I sun all day; modern; $16.
Taylor Street.
'99 TAYLOR —"NICELY FURNISHED
>)-. rooms: new throajrhout; thoroaghly re-
spectable.
/•'I 9 TAYLOR, NEAR POST— 2 SUNNY HALL
UK— bedrooms.
71 AT A V LOR, XEAR BUTTEB— NEATLY
I XU furnished room in private family.
Third street.
TI'IXCRESTKR HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
" Market: most convenient trn<i respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 50 to $6perweek;
electric listits in every room: reading I'm: tree I us.
9/«»Tt1IIRD— SUNNY FBONT BOOMS FUIC
—VO ihed; $1 28 per week. • ;;■ : :
099 TIUiTb-XIOELY FURXISHED SUNNY
•->— •&, front room for housekeeping; also single;
reasonable.
Turk Street.
190 TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS: RENT
X«- O reasonable.
91 U X K - NICELY URNISHED FRONT
xXU room for gentleman; terms reasonable.
oTvy TUBK— SINGLE SUNNY FUBNISHED
<J\J I room; gas and bath; ;?5.
Van Ness Avenue.
M ] VAN NESS AVE.-SUXXY FRONT
OUX suite; also sunny bay-window room.
QAQV A n NESS AYE.-COMFORTABLE
<JV/(J sunny front room for centleman.
1(i 9 1 VAN NESS, NEAR GEARY— I OR '2
X—X sunny rooms; hot and cold water; new
house: rent low.
' Washington .Street.
1 HOQ WASHINGTON. NEAR POWELL-2
XUUQ nice rooms; 85 and ?8.
William Street.
1 C WILLIAM. NEAR JONES, OFF GEARY— !
XO 2 nicely furnished rooms; terms reasonable-
central.
lancoiis,
FULTON HOUSE, OPP. CITY HALL— FUR-
X nlshed rooms, single or en suite: $8 and §16 up.
UNFURNISHED ROOMi.
3UNFI H VISH KU^u7?NT^3?s6Mi : ril2r"lB :
Lewis, off'l aylor, near Post st.
SOAUDiSIi a.no UquJlb.
9 TcTl X A V ENWOB r^Fuil-
*-iXU nlshed suite of parlors and' single rooms
with first-class board.
1 QIO BUSH- NICELY FURXISHED SUN-
XKJi-iJ ny room with or without hoard.
■yoUXG GIRL (SCHOOLGIRL PREFERRED)
X can have board and room for companion sake
603'- Stockton sr.. nr. Pine.
A HYDE— handsomely FURNISHED
t:xu front bay-window room, with privilege of
parlor and piano; first-class board.
J0O7» EDDY— SUNNTt SUITES, $45 UPWARD:
*J—yj single, Jfi2o upward; best board reasonable.
nuiE wixdermere. family hotel, noi
X Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st.: everything new
and fresh: excellent board: no Chinese employed.
It Q O GOLDEX GATE AYE.— FIN ELY FUR-
\)OO nished rooms with tim-class board: reason-
able.
VTEW GOLDEN GATE HOTEL. 131 AND 136
Xi I-ourth s:.-. new furniture and carpets through-
out; table first class; terms reasonable; American
plan: free bus to and from depot. ■
OTEL BERTLING. 714 iJUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
ern conveniences. •
t'HILDKKS BOARDED. ~
■-!■ OR TWO CHILDREN TO BOAHI^HaXa
X^daughterJ^o years of age. 1505 Twenty-fourth st.
}iVNOLIBH WIDOW [ WISHES 2 CIIILDREX
XJ to board; room for parent, 4?Vb Gilbert st.
0- NE OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD; ROOM
fo*r parent if desired: no other children 123
Germania st.
T ADY WISHES SMALL CHILD to BOARD:
XJ refined home; no other children. 618 Eddy st.
— — — — — — —^ ~
STOEtS TO LKT.
9A£ SECOND - FINE LARGE STORE IN
— \J\J good business neighborhood; $30. UJIB-
SEX, 14 Montgomery st.
X] Q KEARNY ST.. NR. SACRAMENTO; fMJ.
UltJ 0617o 61 7 Third St., nr. Bryant, with cellar; $35.
s\\. 23d and Shotwell: good corner; $35.
W. H. CRIM & CO,, 118 Montgomery st.
Two LARGE STORES, 1433 AND 1435 VA-
lenc!a st.; each 4 living rooms in rear rent
cheap. Keys 1433, upstairs.
Fqa"xixth -corner -sto^CeTs rooms
OVJKJ and fixtures; low rent.
STORE 10x35; NO HANDY FOR OF-
flce or any little business; rent cheap. 318
Leavenworth st., near Ellis.
QTORE; 1524 HOWARD ST.. COR. OF LA~
"83 f 8 > Mlssion' TtUreB lor saloon cheap rent. Apply
*o«3o Alission st.
OR RENT— LA ROE FRONT OFFICE AND
X part of store: 221 and 223 Market st.
j CLAIKTOTASTh).
A — -A— l^C """"" «~~~-~w
•**■ " WONDEFUL GIFTS."
CALL THEM WHAT YOU MAY.
leople of San Francisco as well ns other cities
marvel at his power. Lawyers, speculators,
business men of all grades, ladies from every
walk in life together sound his praises for
the benefits they have received. Ills
parlors are ' always tilled with anxious
people seeking reliable information, and every
replyla most gratifying: all are pleased: Pro-
fessor ' Eugene gives advice on business,
speculations, investments, love, courtship,
marria.ee and divorce; settles lovers'
quarrels, reunites the separated and
ca us s a speedy and hnppy marriage with the one
of your choice: he locates mines and buried
treasures, tells Of your friends and enemies,
removes evil influences, gives advice per-
taining to lawsuits, locates and recovers
old estates; developing mediums a
specialty; the troubled aud unfortunate should
seek his counsel; thousands of families long
separated have been reunited by his efforts:
thousands of hearts made glad through his
truthful predictions; he is the on'.y clair- ~ V
voyant on earth recognized by the
prof ession as their brightest star: all persons un
successful in business, who seem to be unlucky,
Should visit him, seek his nid and start aright ;
thousands have become wealthy through
his udvice: he is ever ready to assist
those with capital to find a safe and
good-paying investment; young men starting in
business will nnd it greatly to their advantage
to consult him on all matters of fiuanclal In-
terest to themselves. Professor Eugene
should not be classed with the many cheap
pretenders who intest cities and bring
disrepute to the profession. His past successes iv
matters of great import aro a positive
Kiiuranty of his power to perform the won-
ders that have made him famous. All
aro invited to call. Hours 0 a. m, to 8 p. m. : ■ •:■•/.■.
Letters with stamps answered. 1728
Market st., parlors 1, 2, 3 and 4.
\i ME. MOREAU, BKST MEDIUM; REVEALS
m. past, present and future ;25c up. 764 Howard st.
I>IWF. LEON, PALMIST, CLAIRVOYANT,
X has wonderful power; will convince you when
othersfail. 533 Post t., dally 9to 8; also Sunday.
MISS M£LVI NA AMERICAN, CLAIRVOY-
r _°_ v i and _ ' arcl reader. 766V3 Howard st.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM,
the cradle to the grave. Parlor 6. 865y 2 Market.
■pRKSKNT, PAST AND FUTURE, 25c. MME
X I.EQOETTE, 311 Tehama St., near Fourth.
VfME. X V ENDA, SITTINGS DAILY;
IX names given, '»5c up; systems taught to play
races and sure tips given. 828 Howard.
Bi-:ST CLAIRVOYANT AND CARD READER
on earth; ladies and gents. 25c. 206 Fourth st.
VJM-E. STEWART, GREAT CLAIRVOYANT
i'l and card reader, seventh daughter of the sev-
enth daughter, has returned 10 her old rooms in
«an Francisco; ladies and gents 50c; call at once
as she is, going East soon. 917 Market St., parlors
! 3 and ■!.
ME. i)ll. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, pas:,
present, luturo; consultations on all affairs: noth-
ing eicepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy: mistake Im-
iiosaible; fee $1; letter .r_\ 929 Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGU-TA LEOLA, FORTUNE TELLER;
XV. magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
lire wife and husband; teaches fortune telling:
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc.: has the
seven hi>:y seals and tru- Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2320 Mlssioa, nr. Twentieth.
(Clairvoyant — Cap.D reading, 50c.
J 4(HS Octavla St.: formerly 128 Turk st.
Si'liliTtALlSJl,
A LL CHALLENGES ACCEPTED. ™~
-TV Mrs. Dr. W. Mirandas, thecel< brated medium
and physician, has returned and will resume busi-
ness at 15213/2 Mnrket St., opp. Van Ness aye.
Mrs. Dr. Mirandas is tho strongest medium and
tbe most successful physician In the world. Her
success Is best evidenced by the crowds, both rich
and poor, constantly thronging h-r parlors. Hun-
dreds are dying daily whose lives could be pro-
longed and restored to health by her wonderful re-
vealed medicines. Ladies can consult her with
perfect confidence In all dis'as?s u^cullar to their
sex. Diseases of both sexes successfully treated.
With her wonderful power aod exhaustive study
she is enabling dally, hy her revealed medicines,
men and women to help themselves and be their
own pliysicians.
What is life? If one is always miserable, broken
down or heartsick from want of health, want of
money or want of love. Or. Mirandas cures all
troubles or sickness, gives advice on divorces, con-
les ■ wills, speculations, tells whether stocks will
rise or fall, causes Bpeedy and happy marriages.
Call and be convinced of her wonderful power. In-
close $1 and lock of hair for a correct diagnosis and
full life rea<liiia by mall and learn something of
your life and disease you never knew before. Cut
Ihisont. MRS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, •
1L'211,2 Market st., opp. Van Ness aye., s. F., Cal.
DDIE SWAIN: SEER, LIFE READINGS;
XV ladies only. 227 Geary st.
\ WON 11EKFUL POWER OVER DISEASE;
Mrs. Dr. W. Marandas' revealed medicines;
never tail in rheumatism, payolysis, fits and aU
nervous diseases, etc. It you cannot call and
see this wonderful medium, write and inclose a
lock of hair and if 1 for a correct diasno>is of your
disease: true life reading. 15'2iy 2 Market, opp.
Y;i!i Ness aye.. .-an Francisco. Cal.
MB& J. J. WHITNEY. AIRY O V A
1M ir.'.nce mediu:.i : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
FOR SALE-MISCKLLAM.OIJS.
mHOROUGHBRED ST. BE^RNARTjT^OG^9
X months old; prize-winning stock. Address T
H. BROWNE, 20 Front st.
Br V YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at tho factory aud save middle-
man's profit; we will treat you right. CALIFOR-
i NIA RATTAN COMPANY, Gl First St., near Mis-
sion.
9 FRESH COwS; MILK 4 GALLONS A DAY;
— gentle. 1312 FoN'.'m st.
L'lilt OHMEN ENGINE; 12x12 INCH;
X I nearly new; best style in use. Can be seen at
221 First h:.. top lloor.
9 GREAT DANE PUPPIES 11 MONTHS OLD;
-J Kood p?dlgre°: onebrindle, other yellow; 1 heap.
DRYER. 1609 Twenty-fourth, near Honman aye.
I^RESII CO\V~r JEKSKY; SECOND CALF.
X Apply to JAS, UANKIX, Fon Point, Presidio.
PICTURES i-N FRAMES CHEAP— THE fl y -
X ing Defender, The White .Naw, San Francisco
Steampshlp: plate-glass mirror. 20x48 Inches, dam-
aged; all in frames. JONES, 547 Mission st.
BAROD PFITS, MIRRORS.CASH REG ISTERS,
scales. etc.; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
MONARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES irOR
sala or given away, KAHN & CO., 220 Cal. St.
BELLOWS, ANVIL, VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
I^IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X press, platform scales and desk; cheap. 102
Clay st. '
NCYCLOPEDIA BRITANNICA, $25. KING'S
old bookstore, 15 Fourth st.
O~ NE -.MALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
fire and burglar proof safe. 221, 223 Market st.
VTEW RANGES CIfEAPER THAN SECOND-
X> hand. W. s. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
poUNT E R S, SHELVING, BHOW.OABE3
V^' bought und nold 1121 V» Market bcu7thandSta
im:n'tists.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. tli^gljNuTnE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extractioa
and patentee nt improved bridge work or teeth
witho any plate moved from 6to 20 u'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 50c;' CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 years'
t-.\periei;ce. R. L. WALsH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
A SET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE.
XV- DR. H. G. YOl M.. 1841 Polk st.
DR. H. H. BHAW, KEARNY — BRIDGE-
-1 ' work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
Dli. MEYER, LATE (it 148 SIXTH~ST., RE-
rcoved to LOI2 Mission, near Si:uh: gas given.
DR. L. T. CRANZ- EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work aud teeth without
plates a specialty. 10;-i Geary St., cor. Grant aye.
GROOME DENTAi. lIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ker, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: artificial teeth
frmss; illllngsfrm $1; extracting 60c. with gassl.
$rt ABET for TEETH: warranted AS
W * good as can be made: filling $1. DR. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Marltet St., next Baldwin Theater.
I >R. LUDLUW 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
piates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6()c: gas given.
■i.l.rii.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 HAll-
V-^ket st._DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
j il!. 3.3. LEEK, 1206 MA RKET, CORTgOLDEN
xj al1 ' aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till uoon.
ALL WORK SEASONABLE AND WAR-"
ranted. PH. .1. W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
ATTORNEYS- AT-l/lff.
TJ. MURRY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
x • law; advlcejree. 24 Sixth St., rooms 14,15.
A DVICE REE; DIVORCE AND PROBATB
-ri- laws a opccUlty; suiu, Snperlor, Justice and
Si.r^.x 0 . 1111 ' 1 terms reasonable; collections, etc
G.\\ .HOW E, att'y-at-law, 850 Market.cor.Btock.ton
\V" W \ JL)AV ">!SON, ATTORNE Y-AT-LA
" • California st.. mn. 14-16: advice frea.
STORAGE
r\VERLAND FREIGHT TRANSFER CO.,
v/ 1-ifth and Bluxome sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware-
houses: low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
STORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOL'SE-
BO)d goods, etc J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
WILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-
' t btoragf ; low rates: telephone South 78-.
1r I j^ li2 jAtM gTORAOKjAi>VANCKftMAroi'
X 421-423 Market st. CHAB. L. TAYLOB.
t»F* i« t.~ i;. l,tf.
V'OR RENT— AN OFFICE, WITH FIXTURES
x for sale, or a portion thereof to lease. EDWIN
X. ALSIP A CO.. 9 rotunda, Mills building, S. F.
EJVREE RENT (y 3 MONTH) GIVEN UOOD
ii.f°» nnnts: lolta K<*s. flats, f5 up. SPECK <t CO.,
bO2 Market st.
E^EG A NT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL3
J-i Dullditig, 925 Market: rents low; no extra
en«r K c >for gas. janitor services or heating. Apply
at bulldins or tt, H. UMBSEN <fc CO., 14 Montg. sU
I.A.TEST SHIPPING I.NTELLIGEXOE.
! Arrived.
SATURDAY, .Tanuary 4.
Ital ship Cavaliere Ciampa, Cafiero, 136 days
from Swansea; 2510 tons coal, to E C Evans.
Spoken.
Dec 31. 37 29 N, 129 50 W, ship M P Grace,
from New York for San Francisco.
Dec 11. 136 N, 109 50 W, Br ship Pass of Killle-
crankie, from Cardiff for San Diego.
Domestic Ports.
PORT ANGELES-Arrlved Jan 4— Bark General
Fairchild, from Naaaimo for San Francisco.
JMAKKIAtJK lAC&Saus. "
The following marriage licenses were Issued by
the County Clerk's office yesterday:
J. J. Dowd and Theresa B. Fitzpatrlck, 30—25.
John A. Rydell and Annie Peterson. 30—22.
J. F. Capella and Louise Filippine, 30—21.
Charles J. Keyer and Mary E. Clark. 27—20.
Felix CaDdevielle and Marie Lasserot. 24—26.
Wm. D. Brooks and Nevie R. Shaw, 28-19.
11. S. Wiggins and Elizabeth Fallen, 27— HO.
J. W. White and Nellie McGrOgao, 37—27.
r— — — m^ mmmmmm *■■ —
JDJ.VOKC.ti f>ROCj£J£i>lJi<*d.
Complaints filed:
Mary E. Madden against Henry A. Madden.
Peter L. Castagnino acninst Anne Castagnino.
Augusta J. Iliens agaiust Richard Uiens.
BIRTHS— MAHRIAOEvS-DEATHS.
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed in at
either of the publication ottices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published. J
BOKX.
CLISHAM— In this city, December 19. 1895, to tte
wife of J. E. Clisbam, a son.
CODY— In this city, December 29, 1896, to the
wife of Thomas F. Cody, a son.
CONBOY— In this cfty, December 9, 1895, to tha
wife of M. J. Conboy, a son.
EMMONS— In this city, January 3, 1896, to the
■wife of J. E. Emmons. a daughter.
ORADY— January 2, 1896, to the wife of John H.
Grady, a son.
GRIFFIN — In city. January 4, 1896. to the
wife of P. J. Griffin, a son.
HAMMOND— this city, January 2, 1896, to the
wife of H. W. Hammond, a daughter.
JOHNSO"N— this city, December 28, 1895, to the
wife of Edward Johnson, a daughter.
KELLY— In San Jose, December 31, 1895, to the
wife or .lami.M B. Kelly, a daughter.
O'DAY— December 28,1895, to the wife of John
O'Day, a son.
O'REILLY— rti this city, Nocember 27, 1895, to
the witeof M. J. O'Reilly, a daughter.
SHEA— December 30, 1895, to the wife of Chris-
topher A. Shea, a daughter.
SYLVA— In this city, January 2, 1896, to the wife
of B. J. Sylva, a son.
VENKER— In this city. Decembar 25, 1895, to the
wife of F. H. VenJcer, a son.
WEBSTER— In North Berkeley, December 20,
J895. 10 the wife o: Daviq \V. Webster, a son.
MAKitIKD, ~~™
BITTERLY— In city, Jamiary 1,
18^6. by t>be Rev. W. D. Williams, A. J5. Cozzens
and Virginia Bitterly, both of Oakland.
DONNELLY— In this city, December
31,189.'., by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Frank R.
Donnelly and Henriette C. Siemer.
GREGSON— BKALL— this city, December 7
1895, by the Rev. W. D. Williams. Charles Greg-
son of Willows and A. M. Beall or San Francisco.
HUDDY— RIVERS-In this city, January 1. 1896,
hy the Rev. Father Brennan, 'Will B. Huddy of
San Francisco and Eva Rivers of Boston.
McCOLLOGU— JAMIESON— In this city. Decem-
ber 19, 1895, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, A.
McCollogh and S.-Jamieson, both of San Fran-
cisco.
SPENCER— In this city, January 2,
1896, by the Rev. M. P. Boynton, F. J. spencer
of San Francisco and Flora M. E. Vollmar of So-
noma.
SUTTON— BYERS— In this city, December 31,
1895, by Judge Barry, Joseph Sutton and Zylpha
Caroline Byers.
WEDEMEYER-BORGER-In this city, January
1. 1896, by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Bernhard 11.
Wedemeyer and Emma C. Borger.
Adamson, John Nelson, Mrs. Bridget
Bes'.or, Henry T. Nutz, Frederick
hilds, Charles M. O'Brien, John H.
Donohue John Pape, William F.
I It 'i;erala, James Pierce. Emily W.
Gleason, Bridget Quirilan, Bartholomew
Hanjen. Niels Roeth. Sophie
Haller, Margaret Rodden. Alice F.
Howard, Bridget Sands. John
Kennedy, Martin Saravia, Gen. Doa R.
Ladd, Eliza A. Schomacker, Henry D.
Latson. Francis P. Seamon, Frank J.
Manning. Rose Shea, John
Menke, Mrs. W. C. Sheridan, Emma
Neary, Annie Swasey, George H.
ADAMSON— In this City, January 3. 1896, John
Adamson. a natrve of Finland, aged 35 years.
BESTOR— In city, January 3, 1895. Henry
T. Bestor, a native of Connecticut, aged 61 years.
CHILDS— In this city. January 4, 1896, Charles
M.. beloved husband of the late Nellie Childs,
father of Aulden and Charles Childs, and
her-in-law of Mrs. E. Eugei, a native of New
York, aged 37 years.
DON OH In Napa, Cal., January 3, 1896, John,
beloved husband of Julia Douohue, a native of
County Kerry, Ireland, aged 62 years.
JftjS~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend ttie funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:45 o'clock a. m.. from the par-
lors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767 Mission street,
thence to St. Patrick's Church lor services at 10
o'clock a. M. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
FITZGERALD— In this city, Jamiary 3, 1896,
James, beloved husband of Margaret Fitzgerald,
father of Mamip, Tessie. Birdie, Nellie. Georee '
and Addle Fitzgerald, and cou«in of. Mrs. R.
Keating of San Francisco and Mrs. Gallagher of
Niius. o. a native of Ireland.
fisS' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock a.m.. from his late
residence, 652 Minna street, thence to St.
Joseph's Chnrch, where a solemn high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing ut 8 o'clock a. m. InuTinem
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
GLEASON— In this city. Janunry 4, 896, Bridget
Mary, In-loved wile of Michael Gleason, and
mother of Rev. ,los»ph M., Mary, Margaret.
Thomas, William, Bernard, Robert, James and
Anita Gleason, a native of Ireland, aged 47 years.
UfiTFrlend* ant acqnatntan :ei are respesfr;
fully Invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY,
January 7, ai 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from her late
residence, B'_'4 Union street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn requiem mas* will be
celebrated lor the repose of her »OUI, commenc-
ing nt 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Cal-
vary Cemetery.
HANSEN— In Port Costa, Niels Hansen, a native
of Denmark, aged 52 years.
ft'STThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
afternoon in Benicia.
HALLER— In this city, January 3, 1896, Marsaret
HnMer. beloved mother of J. P. Haller and Mrs.
F. Laplace, a native of Lorraine, France, aged 76
yearn.
flfyFriends and acquaintances aro r^snect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a, m.. from the residence
of her son, 2531 Pine street, near Scott, thence to
Bt. Boniface's Church, Golden Gate avenue.where
services will be held, commencing at 9 o'clock
a. jr., thence to St. Mary's Cemetery, OaidanJ.
HOWARD— In this city. January 3. 1596, Bridget
Howard, beloved mother of Patrick and Jamos
Howard, Mrs. M. Scuermerlior.i and Mrs. Theo.
Lohse, v native of the parish of Gurtnaclosha,
County Clare, Ireland, agPd 7li years.
J6S~Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her son Patrick, -lIS Texas street,
between Napa aod Bulte, thence to St. Teresa's
Church, where a requiem mass will he celebrated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 8:15-
-o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
KENNEDY— In the City and County Hospital,
January 4. 1896, Martin Kennedy, aged 65 years.
LADD— In thiscity, January 4. 1896, Eliza A.
Ladd. a native of New Hampshire.
LATSON— In this city, January 2. 1896, Francis
Palmer, bejoved husband of Florida L. Latson,
brother of Mrs. Henry Rosekrans, Mrs. Hiram
Rosekrans, Mrs. Frank Ellis and Mrs. Jfmma
Myers, a native of New York City, aged 44 years
and 3 months.
ft 3" friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend tho funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock r. m., from B'nal B'rith
building. 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Pacific Lodge No. 136, F. and A. M.
MANNING— In Oakland. Tanuary 1, 1896. Rose,
sister of Patrick and John Maunlng and Mrs.
Smith, a native of Ireland, aged 40 years.
MENKE— In Sacramento. January 3, 1896, Mrs.
w. C. Menke, beloved mother of Charles, Mar-
tin, Mary, Joseph and Thomas Menke, Mrs. F. H.
Mills nnd Mrs. F. J. Beal. .
DrSTThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. \t.. from the residence,
1410 Tenth street, Sacramento.
NEARY— In city, January 2, 1896, Annie,
beloved wife of Thomas Neary, a native of San
Francisco, aged 26 years aud 4 months. . ;
*yi'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 51 6 Howard street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Churcli for services at 10 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NELSON— In this city, January 2. 1896, Mrs.
Bridget Nelson, beloved mother of George H.
and the laic William E. Nelson, a native of Ire-
land, aged 74 years.
«s*-Frlends and acquaintances are resDSCt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS Day
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from the resi-
dence of her bod, George 11. Nelson, 2555 Green-
wich street, thence to St. Dominic's Church, cor-
ner Bush and Stelner streets, where a requiem
high mass will be celebrated for the repose
of her soul, commencing at 11:30 o'clock a. m.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery. Please omit
flowers.
NUTZ— In this city, January 2, 1896, Frederick,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Nutz, and
father of Frederick. Emil and Willie Nutz, a na-
tive of Hamburg, Germany, aged 73 years and
10 months.
JW Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v.. from his late
residence, 412 Day street, between Twenty-
. ninth and Thirtieth, Sanchez and Noe. Inter-
ment Mcsonic Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city. January 4. 18t»6, John
Henry, beloved brother of Thomas, George and
William O'Brien, a native of San Francisco, aged
22 years. . * .
fly Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock i\ m.. from the par-
lors of the Pacific Undertakers. 777 Mission
street, thence to St. Patrick s Churcn ror services,
commencing at ii o'clock p. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PAPE— In South San Francisco. January 2. 1896,
William F.. beloved husband of Mary Pape, and
father of iSmrna, Elma, Willie and Henry Pape,
and brother in-la-.v of Miss Odalio and Fran::
Barsch, a native Of Uanteusted, Germany, aged
39 i ears 9 months and 27 days. .."
flSTFriends and acquaintances are resnect-
I fully invited lo attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 1:30 o'clock p. >i., from his late
residence, Fifth avenue, between L and M
streets South, thence to Masonic Hall, corner
Fourteenth and Hailroud avenues, where services
will be htld under the auspices of Bradford
Council No. 190, U. C. F. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
O. C. F.— To theotHcers and members of Bradford
Council No. 190, O. C. F. : You are hereby
notified to assemble at your lO'lgeroom. Masonic
Hall, corner Fourteenth and Railroad avenues,
South San Francisco, THIS DAY (Sunday), at
1:30 o'clock p.m., for the purpose of attending the
funeral of our late friend, William F. Pape. By
order of T. B. TODD, Councilor. *
Lena Zimmerman, Sec.
PIERCE— In this city, January 8, 189t5, Emily W.
Pierce, mo:herof Walter 8. Pierce of San Fran-
cisco and Edwin W. I*l erce ol Lawrence, .Mass..
a native of Massachusetts, aged 77 years 6
months and 13 days. | Lawrence (Mass!) papers
please copy.j v
USTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the foneral THl>s DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. vt., from her late resi-
dence, southeast corner Fourteenth and Market
streets. Interment private. Please omit flowers.
Q.UIXLAN— this city. January 3, 1896. Bar-
tholomew, beloved husband or Elizabeth Quin- I
lan, and father of Thomas and P. B. Quinlan and
Mrs. John D. Sheble. a native of Ireland, aged 91
years 8 months and 3 days.
ASTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the fun-ril THIS DAY
(Sunday) from St. Francis aurch, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose of his soul, commencing at 8:45 o'clock
a. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
F.ODDEN— In this city, January 3, 1896, Alice
Francis, beloved daughter of the late Charles and
Mary Roddeu, sister of Johnnie, Mamie, Laura
and Kittie Hodden, a native of San Francisco,
aged 10 years and 5 months and 9 days.
flfS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of her mother, 636 Third street, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. Interment
Mount Cavalry Cemetery.
ROKTH— In L'.vermore. January 4,1896, Sophie,
sister of tteorge and Charles Roeth, a native of
Baltimore. Marylaud, aged 32 years 2 months
and 4 days.
#S~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of her brother, George Roetb, 1232 Filbert
street. Oakland.
SARAVIA— In this city, January 2, 1896, at
12:50 o'clocic p. m:., General Don Ramon Saravia
of the army of the Republic of Guatemala, a na-
tive of Guatemala, atjed 62 years.
JSiTFrlends ana acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited lo attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of Godeau <fc Lipman, 326 Sutter street.
Imerment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHOMACKER-In this city, January 2, 1896,
Henry D., beloved son of Hermann and Mar-
garet • Schomacker, a native of San Francisco, i
aged 2 years.
Friends and acquaintances am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY j
(Sunday), at. 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence |
of his parents, 140 Gough Btreet. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SANDS— In this city, January 2, 1896, John,
dearly beloved husband of Mrs. Katie Sands,
and father of John, Samuel, Michael and James
Sands, a native of Ireland, aged 68 years.
ti'ST Friends and acquaintances ara respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Valente, Murini <fc Co., 1524 Stockton
street. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SEAMON— In this city. January 3, 1896. entered
inio rest, Frank J., beloved son of Mrs. Kate
Bremer and the late Louis Seamon. brother of
Mrs. David Kenney and Kosalle C. Seamon, and
nephew of Mrs. James Butler and Mrs. D. O.
Call.iKhati, a native of San Francisco, aged 26
years.
KB-The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 803 Harrison street,' thence to St.
Rose's Church, Brannan street, between Fourth
and Fifth, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SHEA— In this city, January 4, 1896. John, be-
loved son of Catherine and the late Patrick Shea,
a native of New Yoric, aged 33 3 eara.
JB3"The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth I
street, thence to St. Joseph's Church for services !
at 2 o'clock p. m. Intermeu: Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
SHERIDAN— In this city, January 3, 1R96, Emma j
Sheridan, beioved mother ,of Mrs. Mary Gills of
Leadvllle, Colorado, a native of England, aged
86 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
tally invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m.. from ther late
residence. 1519 Jackson street, thence lo Holy
Cross Cemetery, by 11:45 o'clock train from
Third and Towusend streets.
SWASEY— At Madrone, Santa Clara County, I
George Henry, husband of Josephine F. Swasey,
eldest son of Mr. nnd Mrs. C. S. Swasey, and
brother of Charles \V. and Will X. Swasey, a na-
tive of Massachusetts, ased 33 years.
"" un*it"e"d""un"dektakers' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonablo Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. I
MCAVOY & GALLACHER,
FUNF.RAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 30S0.
JasTMcMkkomey. Chas. McMknokky.
JASCES JtcMENOMEi & SOX.
UNUKKTAKKKS AND EMBALMEES,
1057 Mission Street, >'ear Seventh.
' Telephone No. 3354. !
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS,
I'INKKAL DIRECTORS,
19 Vail Ness aye.. near Market St., San Francisco
Telephone >o. 3156. N. B. — Not connected with
any other house in this city.
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TKSANMATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN- '
JL laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual caro; bean- |
Uful, permanent and easy of access; see it befor*
traylug R burial place elsewhere.
City ' tti< c. 9 <:ity Hall Ajenn*.
SIGNED THEIR WARRANTS
The Auditor Wins His Contro
versy With the Board of
Supervisors.
Finance Committee Decides Not to Risk
Clogging the Municipal Ma
chinery.
Auditor Broderick sat in an easy chair
in his cozy office yesterday wearing the
peaceful smile of a man who thinks on a j
deed well done.
In the outer office his clerks worked like j
beavers, and the expression on their faces
was so different from the troubled looks j
of the past few days that those who came I
in to transact business felt constrained to ■
ask the reason of tbe evident change.
The cause of the cleared atmosphere j
was that the Finance Committee of the J
Board of Supervisors had decided that j
rather than risk the clogging of the City's
business by holding out the salary de
mands of the employes of the Auditor's
department they would sign the same and
allow the clerks to pursue the even tenor
of their way unhampered by visions of the
wolf at the door.
When the committee met on Friday
evening and Auditor Broderick appeared
to answer the queries by the members re
garding the necessity of the clerks in his
office, and the authority for employing
them, matters looked very much like a
deadjock and a tying up of business that
Ttould seriously impair the efficiency of
the municipal government. Investiga
tions were talked of and the Auditor was
curtly told that his warrants could not be
issued until the matter bad been thor
oughly looked into.
His parting shot as he went through the
doorway apparently had the effect of mak
ing the Supervisors ponder, however.
"Let it go at that,' said the Auditor
"but I must tell you that unless I can be
assured by Monday morning that tho«e
demands will be passed there will be no
clerks in my office on Tuesday. I shall not
ask men to work for nothing."
After he had goni another consultation
took place and the committee decided that
the demands should be passed. It was
also decided that in future years when the
books of the Tax Collector's office are to
be worked up the men who do it will be
paid at the rate of $100 per month.
THE STEAM BEER FIGHT
Many Saloon-Keepers Believe
They Have Been Imposed
Upon.
TOO MANY PRICES FOR THEM.
Certain Brewers Likely to Make the
Break by Recognizing the Work
men's Union.
The article published in yesterday's
Call regarding the war among the brew
ers produced great excitement, not only
among the members of the Brewers' Pro
tective Association, but among hundreds
of saloon-keepers who are handling the
beer of the breweries found guilty of cut
ting the price of the beverage. As stated
in this paper nearly a month ago, charges
were made that the California Brewery on
Seventeenth and Douglass streets, and the
Broadway Brewery on Broadway, had
been cutting the price of beer below the
rate established by the association of $5
per barrel net.
A special committee was appointed by
the association to investigate the charges,
and the members worked for about three
weeks before making their report. Before
the committee was set to work Mr. Fred
ericks of the Jackson Brewery showed that
he was convinced the charges were true by
offering a resolution to cut the price of
beer to $2 from $5, and teach the offenders
a lesson they would not soon forget. The
majority of the body decided that it would
be better to await the findings of the in
vestigating committee.
Their report, which was made on Fri
day, caused a jolly row in the association,
for the committee reported having found
that the accused breweries were guilty as
charged, and they recommended that thr?
cut be met by a bigeer cut. In addition,
the investigators reported that the cut
rate breweries had about three prices for
their steam beer to their customers. To
those whose patronage they were sure of
the price was $5, the standard rate. To
those of whose paironaue they were less
sure they sold beer for $4 a barrel, and in
order to take patronage away from their
rivals in business they offered and sold
beer for $3 50 per barrel.
The first two findings caused lots of
trouble among the brewers at the meeting,
but it was the latter linding that raised a
cloud of dust among the saloon-keeper.-.
Those who are paying $.s and $4 have raised
a howl of inuignation upon learning
through yesterday's Call that their rivals
in the saloon business were getting beer
for as low a price as $3 50. They con
sidered that such a discrimination was
an outrageous imposition upon personal
and business friendship and of a character
that could not be overlooked in fatqre
dealings.
As might be expected, several im
promptu indignation meetings were held
j among the saloon-keepers yesterday, at
I which there was a free comparison of
notes. From what can be learned severaL
I brewers were interviewed as Uo prices, but
the figures given could not be obtained.
Every brewer hesitates about making the
first break, although, there is a general
feeling among them that a general cut will
soon be made in accordance with tne
! recommendation of the association's
j special committee. The fact that the
National, Jackson. Milwaukee and Wash
ington breweries and the San Francisco
Breweries, Limited (five in number),
ruakine a total of nine breweries, all favor
making a big cut makes a general break
almost unavoidable.
It is for this break that the saloon
keepers are waiting in order to determine
what course they will pursue with their
customers. That is, whether they will
make a bid lor patronage also by reducing
the price of beer over the counter to two
glasses for 5 cents or hold to the present
price and take advantage of a cheaper
purchase price. There is considerable sen
timent against the two- for-rive proposition.
One reason is that the lawless class will
imbibe too freely and get many of the
' saloons into disrepute. Should this
; happen there is no doubt in their minds
■ that the Supervisors, License Collector and
j the police would close many of their
places. By holding to the present rate
the saloon-keepers would make a golden
harvest while the beer war would be on.
There is no doubt but that many would
sell at 2>< cents a glass and the other cla«s
would make a specialty on putting out
tempting free lunches with their 5 centa a
glass beer.
Among the brewers the feeling of un
certainty prevails. Nearly ail are pre
pared to make a ru9h for business as soon
as the first sign of a general break appears,
j and the action of one brewery would be
; sufficient to cause a stampede.
From what can be learned, the only
thing that held back the members of the
association from making a break at the
meeting on Friday was the form of the
labor union that loomed up in sight just
as the decision was about reached. The
association and its members have spent
and lost many hundred thousand dollars
in fighting the Brewery Workmen's Union
and its allies, the trades unions. To have
an internal tight would be to lay them
selves open to a break in their ranks, by
which the Brewery Workmen's Union
would secure a foothold and compel the
employers to recognize the union as a
body. If this should come to pass, the
lons, bitter, expensive anti-union fight
would come to naught, and the union
would come off victorious.
And this very thing is what is the most
hkely to happen. All of the help in the
Philadelphia Brewery, one of the syndi
cate, are union men, and members of the
union are scattered among nearly all of the
j other breweries.
J Several of the brewers arA in favor of
abandoning the anti-union fight and
I throw their institutions open to the union.
! These contend that the fight i$ too cxpen
j sive in the first place and in the second
place unionism is more of a bugaboo than
I a reality. These further assert that a
I brewer is safer in the lianas of union men
j than he is in the hands of business rival*,
i who, under the cover of a protective asso-
I ciation, practice cutthroat methods lor
the purpose of depriving others of their
patronage.
Jacob Adams, who said that he is one of
the proprietors of the Broadway Brewery,
denies that beer from his brewery has been
I sold for less than the standard price.
NEW MILITARY OFFICIALS.
Celonel Macdonnld Sivoin In Last Even-
ing at the California Hotel.
There was a notable gathering of mili
tary men last evening in the California
Hotel. The occasion was the issuance of
his commission to Colonel Macdonald, who
was sworn in at 10:30 o'clock by General
"Warfield. Colonel Macdonald, aft«*r tak
ing the customary oath of office, made a
neat speech, in which he said that he
would do all in his power to make the regi
ment a success and a credit to the State.
He spoke with great feeling, and his re
marks were received with applause.
This formality being over, the assembly
adjourned to a quiet part of the hotel
where champagne was sampled. Amon~
those present were: General Barrett, Gen
eral Warfield, Colonel Busb, Colonel
Giesting, Major Hosmer, Captain Kelleher
and the new Colonel Macdonald.
The commissions of Colonel D B Fair
banks of the Fiftn Infantry Regiment at
Petaluma and Colonel J. R. Berry of the
Seventh Regiment at Los Angele*3 will be
signed to-day by the Governor.Interesting Items From Important Points in Alameda County.
CALLED A NEW PASTOR.
First Free Baptist Church Anx
ious to Retain the Rev.
Philip Graif.
EMPLOYES TO PAY DISCOUNT.
The City Salary Fund Will Be Empty
Next Week and the Banks
Will Not Help.
I Offke Sax Fraucisoo Call,)
Broadway, Jan. 4. i
Phillip Graif has been unanimously
the permanent pastorate of the
. ret- Baptist Church. This course
was decided upon at the annual meeting
■ church.
The meeting waa a very enthusiastic
. :id as the church has been growing
3 under the temporary pastorate of
Rev. I. Graif, the members arc anxious to
. him. This call involves a change
of denominational relationship on bis
.nd he has not yet given a di
r. His dv luuously awaited
by the church. Dr. Ciraif has be< i
ciated with the English Lutheran denon
ination since he came to the coast, and
was pastor of the First English Lutheran
Church in this city till about a year ajro.
lie is acknowledged to be one of the most
.ed and versatile speak< 9 and writ
■
following were elected trustees of
the church for the ensuiiij ear: Professor
E. F. burrill, it. W. Snow, P. White, A.
H. McDonald, Dr. F. E. P ■ • - C. A. Cas-
C. A. Farnham. : < m former
acy, l>r. C. F.
Penney and Dr. N. 1 . X 'well were read.
Xo Money, >"o Favors.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. Next week
there will not be a cent in the salary fund
of the city and as all the money that 13
now held'by tl c banks on deposit must be
■withdrawn "anil be put in the city's hired
vault, the employes will no longer be
pble to pet their warrants cashed without
paying discount.
City Auditor Snow said to-day that the
usual discount will henceforth be charged
by the banks for all warrants of city era
ployes. The Luditor said: "During the
last' live years the banks of this City have
cashed without discount warrants calling
for over $1,000,000.
"So far as 1 know no city in the Union
has been so favorably treate \. lam not in
sympathy with any place for the sate keep
ing of the public funds that will withdraw
money from circulation iv our own city.
There have been times and they may recur
when every Qollar is needed for right and
proper business mmodation. The city i
should be a depositor and never hoard
money in vaults.
•'I have no patience with the apparent j
desire of some' persona to injure our own '
: itiona by crying that they are unsafe J
places for public funds. The city should i
profit by the wisdom an experience of
older cities and amend the charter so as to
permit the deposit of funds with the insti
tutions which wiil secure the city from
loss, by either her own bonds or bonds of
the United Stal
'•Then as to the payment of warrants be
fore taxes are received] Oakland should ob
tain ready money by temporary loans.
We grope our way in this city year after
year, stumbling over obstacles and suffer
ing discomforts svhich other cities over
came year.- .
There will be no money in the Balary
fund for five- months, and the banks will
charge at the rate of 7 per cent per annum
for discounting all warrants in the interval.
Oakland* Black Hot.-.
OAKLAND, Oal., Jan. 4.— The Board of
Public Works, piloted by Chief of Police
Lloyd, inspected, the City Prison to-day.
The Board", of Health has declared the
place to be unfit for habitation. The
fewerage is in such condition that' it i 3
impossible lo repair it, and unless the
vvhoie place is torn down and rebuilt it is
impossible to make the place other than a
menace to health. The air is bad, .- is has
to bo urned all day, and the odor from
the pipes is very offensive. The place is \
cruelly cold and not a ray of sunshine can
penetrate into the semi-underground dun
geon.
It is not known what the report of the
toard will be, but Mayor Davie say 3 that
the condition of the prison andthe reports |
that a safety vault cannot be built because
it would carry down the building are very
forcible p menu why Oakland should
provide herseli with a new and substan
tial city hall.
Six 'limes Successful.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— H. Ilynian
pnd J. I. Smith, who conduct a second
hand clothing-store on lower P>road\vay,
were acquitted by a jury last evening of
keeping a pawnbroker's shop. The meth
ods used to obtain v. conviction were not
euch as the jury approved. The alleeed
violators of ordinanc-- have been keenly
watched lately. but as most of the evi
dence has to be obtained by subterfuge
convictions are not numerous. embly
man C^CfUodge appeared for Hyman &
Smith, and this case makes the sixth time
be has secured acquittals on charges age
on the same ordinance
Objects to the Account.
OAKLAND, Cai_, Jan. William Holt
Aldrich, who has brought suit to have the
trust created by the will of his father Wil
liam A. Aldrich, annulled, tiled more ob
jections to-day. He claims that no valid
decree of distribution was ma to the
trustees, and that no notice of the decree
was ever served upon him. He also Beta
fortn that the account of the trustees dis
poses of his property rights and its allow
• ance would be in effect a taking of his
property without notice. It is another
move on the part of the son to break the
trust of his father.
Protecting the Boulevard.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 4.— The first step
was taken. to-day toward protecting the
new boulevard around Lake Merritt. V.
N. Hansen, a coal-dealer, was arrested
this afternoon for violating the ordinance
prohibiting heavily loaded wagons being
driven on the boulevard.
At the 3lacdoiiouf.li.
OAKLAND, Cal.. Jan. 4.— Rice's "l492,"
with Bessie BonehiJi. Richard Harlam and
the Kilanyi living pictures, will be at the
Macdonough Theater on Monday night
for three nights and a Wednesday mat
inee. Next Saturday the Dramatic Concert
Company will give an entertainment.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
A lamed County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office, San Fkancisco Call.)
003 Broadway, Jan. 4. j
The Neighborhood Extension Lecture Club
will meet on Thursday, January 9, at 3 o'clock
•with Miss Juliette Alexander, 1000 Sixteenth
tircet.
The funeral ol George D. Lathrop, brother of
l-minicl Lathrop of this city, took place this
morning and was attended by many oi the old
friends of the deceased.
A dividend of .6646 cents on the dollar has
been declared in the estate of Andrew Gram,
and upon presentation of vouchers ehowinp
the payment of preferred claims the estate will
be closed.
The case of H. C. Bowman, for assault on
Mrs. J. L. Montgomery, was set for preliminary
examination on Monday, January 13. lie has
been unable to raise his bail of .*'^r>oo and this
. morning the court reduced it to £1000.
Teresa Brown has made an application to
the Superior Court to have her husband,
'i iioai&s P. Brown, restored to capacity. lie
h?^ b i » n t ftn in^ mate u of , the Xapa Insane Asy
lum, but is ready to be dlscnarged as cured. "
r,™ i{rie Shßr P. the superintendent of the
thi \r\ i 8 ho^i t0 be starle<l at the Tabernacle on
theitnn will open his ° mcc in the building
on next Monday nlorn t«B to transact any busi
ness with those who desire to make displays.
Word has just been received here of the death
of Andrew Meyers, an old resident oi this city,
at Leipzig, Germany, on Thursday last. Mr.
Meyers had been traveling in Europe some
time with his wife for the benefit of his health.
t Stewart McKanale, a oazpentex living in
Alameda who has been employed on the new
buildings at the racetrack, had a fall at 11
o clock to-day, and was so seriously hurt that
it is feared he. will die. He is 34 years of age.
A man giving the name of J. Leach waa ar
rested in Hast Oaklar.d by Officer Jacobus last
ng on the charge of attempting to obtain
money order false pretenses. He had a brass
I'm which, it is claimed, he was trying to sell
as gold.
Mrs. Harriot G. Lanktree, wife of J. B. Lank
tree, ex-secretar.v of the Oakland Home In
surance Company, has joined the Alameda
branch of the Salvation Army. She joined the
p.rniy on New Yeat's eve, much to the surprise
of her numerous friends. :
There were two largo transfers of wine to
day tii t!ie California Wine-makers' Corpora
tion from Alameda County growers aggrega
ting 223, < Phe largest consisted of
188,000 gallons of red wine from thePalmdale
Company. The other was 85,000 gallons from
J. A. Salazer.
The friondly rivalry between the Reds and
I ■>. .:.. VM....\.istit its height. The
object ol each faction is to secure more names
for membership to the Y. M.C. A. than the
The losttuj side must give the winners
a turkey dinner. Next Monday is the day of
liug, and in the evening the banquet
given.
Joseph Frates. the Portuguese who threw a
••■ k at Michael Ama nil some months ago
v as up for sentence to-day before Jud»e Frick
■rt Bald as the defendant haS v I-ir-V
--.which will suffer by his imprisonment
it had been shown that Frates bad been
rated beyond endurance, he would only
send him to jail for three months
OAKLAND'S NEW INSTITUTE
The Outgrowth of the Success of
the Industrial Exposi
tion.
Directors Are Now Considering the
Selection of a Site for the
Building.
Oakland Office San Fbabcxsoo Callj
908 Broadway, Jan. 4. |
The first exposition given in this city
has borne good fruit. In a few days the
articles of the Oakland Exposition Insti
tute will be filed with the Secretary of
State.
"We see no reason why Oakland should
not have an institute superior to the Me
chanics' Institute in San Francisco," said
President Keller of the Board of Trade to
day. "The buildine across the bay is an
tiquated. The directors of the new insti
tute have several sites under discussion,
but until the articles are tiled and the in
-titute formally started they do not feel
like acting. Of course we must have a
building of our own. but it will need to be
j very carefully planned so as to make it a
commercial success. "We are confident
' that a large annual exhibit, and possibly a
few minor ones in a spectaJ direction, will
be commendable and safe ventures. The
. will be taken up by any public
is inded citizens, and, of course, the di
rectors will all take a financial interest
• m i;.' 1
The purposes of the institute as out
lined in articles of incorporation are:
To carry on and conduct the business of mr
siituting and giving expositions of arts and
industries of every kind, from time to time
andai such times as the board of directors may
direct; to institute, iau.iir.tiin and conduct
libraries; to lease, buy, er£Ct and construct
halls and buildinzs In which to maintain
libraries and hold &nd conduct expositions oi
arts and industries; to acquire, lease, pur
chase, take, hold and possess rea] and personal
property, for the use, support, maintenance
and conduct of such libraries and expositions,
and to lease, sell, grant, convey ana dispose of
real and parsonal {iroperty in the carrying on
and conduct of said busfness; and to do and
perform any end all other lawful things "what
soever whicb may be deemed necessary, ex
pedient or convenient to the conduct and car
rying on of any of the matters hereinabove
mentioned.
The place where the principal business of
said cofi>oratiou is to tie transacted is tiie city
of Oakland.
The term for which said corporation is to ex
ifty year«j from and after the date of its
incorp ration.
The number of directors of said corporation
shrill Ijl- eleven.
That the capital stock of said corporation ls
to be 9100,000, and the number of sharee Into
b it it- divided is 1000 of the par value of
each.
The names of the first board of directors
are: J. W. Nelson, I >eth, M. J.
Keller. C. S. Booth, E. G. BnshneU, Theo
dore Gier, Fred Becker, F. \V. bpears,
Craigia Sharp, J. T. Bell, H. O. Ttmw
bridge. The institute corporation will be
fully organized next week.
It is arranged that the profits of the re
cent exposition shall be turned over to
the directors of the institute to form the
nucleus of a building fund.
AN OLD WARRIOR GONE.
Inspector • General Saravia of
Guatemala Expires in
• This. City.
The Hero of Many Revolutions and
Who Narrowly Missed Death
Many Times.
General Ramon Saravia, inspector-gen
eral of the armies of Guatemala, who,
about two and a half months ago arrived
at the Occidental, is dead.
He passed away at a Spanish boarding
house, YM\ Polk street, and the remains
are now at Godeau & Lipman's undertak
ing rooms, Sutter street. The cause of
General Saravia's death was kidney dis-
Efia age was 512 year 3.
General Saravia in his day was one of
the most noted military men of Guatemala.
He fought in many wars, was wounded
many times and narrowly missed death on
a number of occasions. In the different
revolutions in Guatemala, which was his
native land, (Jfneral Saravia could always
be counted on to be on one side or the
other. He was a born fighter and was
never so weil satisfied as when there was a
war on hand.
President Barrios liked the old cam
paigner so well that soon after he w*»s
elected he chose Barayia as inspector-gen
eral of his armies. He was an unusually
competent man for the place, so it is
stated, and his deaih is generally deplored.
He had many friends here among the
Spanish people.
For a little while after his arrival at the
Occidental he seemed to improve, but he
lapued ere long, and awhile after his re
moval to Polk street he went down hill
rapidly. Hi 6 diet for several weeks con
sisted almost entirely of milk.
The date of the funeral of the battle
scarred veteran has not yet been fixed.
In tho year 159G there were only four
kinds of hyacinth, the singie and the
double bJue, the purple and the violet. At
the present time there are many thou
sands of varieties.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
MUHLNER NOT SENTENCED
Judge Frick Objects to the Ver
dict and Grants a New
Trial.
SAYS IT WAS A MURDER.
But the Jury Say It Was Manslaughter
and the Prisoner Is Admitted
to Bail.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
008 Broadway, Jan. 4. f
Louia Muhlner was granted something
to-day by Judge Frick, but whether it waa
a new trial or what may ultimately be de
clared an acquittal by the Supreme Court
remains to be seen.
Louis Muhlner wa? to have been sen
tenced this morning for the manslaughter
of Jennie Lewis, but instead he was ad
mitted to bail in the sum of $15,000. Judge
Frick stated that he was dissatisfied with
the verdict of the jury. Their verdict
should either have been murder or ac
quittal. The evidence did not justify a
verdict of manslaughter. During ihe argu
ments Judge Frick said there was not one
word of testimony to justify the conclu
sion Hint the killing was done without
malice.
When Judge Frick announced his de
cision. District Attorney Church took an
exception and yave notice that an appeal
would bo at once taken to the Supreme
Court. lie says that if the ruling is sus
tained, Muhlner can only be tried a second
time for the charge of manslaughter.
Should the Supreme Court maintain the
opinion that the evidence would not jus
tify a verdict of manslaughter, Muhlner
cannot b:; tried again for murder on tne
plea of twice in jeopardy, and it niay be
found that he is in the peculiar position of
a convicted man against whom no charge
can be made to nold.
Judge Frick concluded that it wa? an
error on the part of the jury to find a- ver
i diet of the lesser degree of homicide where
| the evidence warranted a conviction of the
greater. On this point lie based his de
i cision granting a new trial.
Attorney Nagle, who appeared for
Muhlner. argued that a new trial should
ranted entirely on the proposition that
the evidence was not sufficient to warrant
| a conviction. He claimed that a verdict
of acquittal should have been rendered,
but Judge Frick cast that view aside and
reached the desired end by a very different
process of reasoning.
Phe court stated that the Supreme
Court had never squarely pronounced an
lon on the question of error by a jury
in bringing in a verdict unsatisfactory to
the court, and be desired to have it settled
in the higher tribunal. He said he had
examined all the authorities in California
on the question and had been unable to
find a single instance where the Supreme
I t hail decided the matter. Should
Muhlner be tried for manslaughter and
the jury take the same view as the court
the chance for an acquittal would be very
strong.
One of the jurors who tried the case said
I to-day that tut- evidence was not nearly so
I clear to the twelve men in the box as it
appeared to be to Judge Frick.
• 1 or a long time after we left the court
." said the juror, ">ve were evenly
! divided between acquittal and murder.
, Up to the ballot before the last there were
some votes for acquittal, and in order to
arrive at a verdict we compromised on
manslaughter."
As Muhlner cannot, under the circum
stances, be tried for anything higher than
manslaughter, and as that is a bailable
offense, Judge Frick lixed the bond at
115,000. As Mublner'a folks have a good
Btahding in Oakland it is expected that he
will soon be at liberty.
FOR SCHOOL AND WHARF
Berkeley's Special Elections on
Those Issues to Be Held
February 15.
The Growing Needs of the University
Town— No License for
John Casey.
BERKELEY, Cm,., Jan. 4.— Berkeley's
special election for voting on the school
and wharf bonding propositions will be
heid on February 13. This date was lixed
last night by ti:e Town Trustees who
passed an ordinance calling the elections
and fixing the precincts and appointing
election officers. The ordinance as passed,
sets forth the facts that the town has a
population of over 10,000; that it is rapidly
growing, and that :i wharf at West Berkeley
and a new high school and grammar
schools in various sections of the town
seem to be jiublic necessities. The board
will hold an adjourned meeting next
Thursday evening, at which the ordinance
will be linally passed upon.
The precincts as fixed for the special
elections are the same as in regular elec
tions, each wardjexfepting Three, con
stituting one precinct, and Ward Three
being divided into 3 A and 38. The poll
ing places will bo. as follows:*
Precinct 1. store in Honer block, Rhat
tnck avenue, between Vine and Cedar
streets.
Precinct 2. on east side of Telegraph
avenue, south of Dwight way.
Precinct 3 A, engine house on Addison
street.
Precinct 3 B, J. J. Mason's office.
Precinct 4, Peralta engine house, Shat
tuck avenue, near Paissell street.
Precinct 5, engine house, south side of
Aleatraz avenue, opposite Ellis street.
Precinct 6, Poseu engine house, Sixth
street and Bancroft way.
Precinct 7, Beacon engine house, east
side of Fifth street, near University
avenue.
Though the two elections are to be held
on the same day they will be separate ami
distinct, so that it may be possible to
defeat or carry one or both independently.
The same onicers and polling places will
serve for both.
Sanitary Movements.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The forma
tion of the new Adeline sanitary district
on the southern side of Berkeley has just
been completed. The streets to be sewered
are Menlo avenue, Adeline, McKee, Stan
ley, Paradise, Grove, Dover, McCall,
Brown, Shattuck avenue and Mariposa,
Nono and Merced avenues. The work,
when completed, will cost upward of
."fI^.OOO. Connections will be made with
the GoWett Gate sanitary district, the ex
penses of making which are included in
the $13,000 estimate. The success of the
movement to make these new sanitary im
provements is mainly due to the Adeline
Improvement Club, which was formed last
October.
Health Officer's Report.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jau. 4.— Dr. Hubert
N. Kowell, Health Officer of Berkeley,
submitted to the Town Board last evening
a lengthy report reviewing the work of the
Health Oflice during the year of 1895 and
giving statistics of births and aeattis. In
the report it was stated that the enforce
ment of the new sanitary ordinances
passed last Aucust by the Trustees had
resulted in much improvement in the sani
tary condition of many parts of Berkeley.
It was necessary for him to visit a large
number of residences with the view to en
forcing the newly made laws. The inspec
tion of the residences is about completed
with the exception of those in the Sixth
and Seventh wards. In these districts' it
was ditlicult to proceed rapidly by reason
of the lack of water in the West Ena. Al
though West Berkeley is the oldest section
of the town in point of settlement, there
are many streets in which water mains
have never been laid.
Subscriptions Come Slowly.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. The sub
scriptions to the $1000 fund which will be
used for the purpose of providing elec
tric lighting fixtures for the university
grounds according to Regent Reinstein's
plans, are coming in very slowly. The
first $SUO toward the fund was subscribed
two weeks airo yesterday by F. M. Wilson,
and since that date only $130 has been
raiser! in addition. The reason why the
fund has not increased more rapidly is ap
parently due to the fact that no authorized
solicitor, until yesterday, has had the sub
scription list in charge. J. L. Sco'clilerhas
been asked by Regent Reinstein and Trus
tee Richards to make a personal canvass of
the town. Thus far but four of the uni
versity professors have subscribed. The
name of President Kelloeg heads the list
of faculty subscribers with $20. Regent
Reinstein is much surprised that the
movement has not received a more cordial
general reception.
No License for Casey.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The Board
of Town Trustees have refused to grant
the application of John Casey for a
license to sell liquor. The license com
mittee had no recommendation to make in
their report, but stated that their objec
tion to Casey's proposed saloon was its
location, one-half of his building being
within the mile limit and the other half
without. Had the license been granted it
would have been possible for customers to
purchase their liquor at the bar outside
the limit and then step across the line to
drain their cups.
"Want Better Services.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 4.— The mail
service between East and West Berkeley
is the cause of some dissatisfaction among
the citizens of these respective sections.
Letters mailed at the main office at 1
o'clock in the afternoon for West Berkeley
are sent to San Francisco for assortment,
and from there back to their destination.
This delay in the delivery of the afternoon
mail of this particular part of town is due
I to the fact that there is only one carriers'
i delivery per day between the east and
! west ends. ■
SUIT FOR HEAVY DAMAGES
A Patent Medicine Man Wants
a Large Sum for
Injuries.
What the Alameda Clergymen Will
Preach About To-Day — Acci
dent to a Boy.
ALAMKDA, Cai.., Jan. 4.— D. J. Mc-
Quarrie, a compounder and dispenser of
patent medicines, has sued the Alameda
Electric Railway Company for $25,250
damages for personal injuries. On Octo- I
i ber 28 he was driving on Park street, in
the vicinity of Railroad avenue, when his
j bcrrse, taking fright, became unmanage
able and left the roadway, dashing across
the open space formerly occupied by the
j old depot. The buggy collided with one
I of the iron poles that sustain the electric
trolley wire, which, after the old station
! building was reuuved, stood rather con
spicuously in the open.
MoQuarrie was thrown out and claims
to have been badly injured.
The complainant seems to make a point
through asserting that the municipal
trustees had ordered the pole to be re
moved before the accident occurred.
Themes of Preachers.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 4.— Rev. G. K.
Dodson of the First Unitarian Church will
preach to-day on the subject "How a Lib
-1 eral Faces the World." Henry Victor
Morgan of the Christian Church will
preach in the morning on "Proving God,"
and in the evening on "A Religious View
of the Nineteenth Century." Rev. W. T.
Jordan of the First Baptist Church will
j preach in the morning on the subject "It
Is Finished," and in tbe evening on "A
New Year's (iift.' 1 Rev. P. 6. I.rush of the
First Presbyterian Church will take as a
subject in the morning "Friends, Go Up
Higher," and in the evening "Live for
tbe Highest that Is in You."
Rev. F. D. Bovard of the Park-street
Methodist Church will preach in the morn
ing on "The Friends of Christ," and in the
evening on "New Year's Resolutions,"
with a prelude entitled "Alameda Man-
Traps." Rev. W. W. Scudder will take tor
his text in the morning "Fidelity to the
Word of God." and for the evening "Kept
by Divine Power."
But One Diseased Cow.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 4.— Veterinary
Inspector Carpenter reported to the Board
of Health on Friday night that he had re
cently inspected all tbe dairies supplying
I milk "to Alameda. Twoof tlie.se he "had
' ordered to correct their sanitary condi
tion. He had found one case of tubercu
losis outside the city limits and had tne
animal killed. He inspected all butcher
and produce shops and found but fifteen
head of game unfit for food. He visited
all the restaurants and found them in
good condition.
I\lrs. McCormick to Remain.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 4. — The an
nouncement by a weekly journal of San
Francisco that Mrs. F. H. McCormick is
about to retire from the choir of the First
Unitarian Church, of which she has been
the mainstay for several years, is denied
by officers of the church, who have had no
such thought, and cannot conceive how
such an announcement could be made.
Mrs. McCormick is in high favor not only
with the congregation, but with the music
loving people generally.
Accidentally Shut.
ALAMKDA, Cal., Jan. 4.— A young son
of School Director Lanktree wa3 firing a
22-caliber pistol yesterday morninc near
his home at I'acific avenue and \Vood
street, when he let the weaoon fall and it
was thus accidentally discharged, the bul
let entering the fleshy part of his left arm.
The wound is not dangerous.
English Reporters.
English reporters are apt to rely too
much on shorthand-writing. They are
not as sprightly as American reporters.
But the great use to which English report
ers put shorthand, and thp wholesome
dread they have of using any but a man's
actual words in reporting his speeches,
tend to give English reporting the
reputation for accuracy which it now
generally enjoys. Accuracy and fair
ness are the first requisites with
an English reporter doing political
work. Consequently, when English people
read a report of a speech in Parliament, an
address of a member to nis constituents,
or a discussion in the City Council, they
know and feel that they are reading what
the speaker actually said, and not what
the reporter thinks he said, or imagines he
should have said. They get the speech
standing quite apart from any opinions
about or comments upon it, and with this
before them tiiey are aole to form their
own judgments of the questions under dis
cussion and of the attitude of the speaker
toward it. Speeches so reported have an
undoubted educational value, and a good
and far-reaching effect on municipal and
national political life.—Atlantic Monthly.
WANT ISLAIS CREEK OPENED TO THE SEA
Congress Has Been Peti
tioned by Property-
Holders.
SEVERAL OBSTRUCTIONS.
Peter Seculovich Claims That It
Is Still a Navigable
Stream.
HOW THE RAILROAD GOT HOLD.
A Stream Two Hundred Feet Wide
Was Entirely Cut Off From the
Commercial World.
While the Southern Pacific Company
has been rounding ud ail the pood things
in California, it has not failed to place
every possible obstruction in the way of
those who are contented with a more
modest existence.
A great many people have been smitten
by the methods of this combination, hail
ing from Kentucky, and a very consid
erable number of them suffer in silence,
but others do not propose to be cut off
entirely, nor will they submit to such
treatment without revolting.
There is one organization, known as the
Is'.ais Creek Property-owners' Association,
of which considerable has appeared in this
paper of late, that is moving on the rail
road batteries with the intention of storm
ing the work 3 and getting something like
justice.
Peter T. Seculovich is president of the
association, and acting in that capacity,
discusses the shutting off of Islais Creek
from the sea, in ail its ins and outs.
"We claim," said the piesident, "that
we have certain rights as property-holders
that should be protected by the United
States, inasmuch as the courts of Califor
nia have decided against us. We have
placed the history of the Islais Creek mat
ter before our Senators and Representa
tives in Washington and expect something
will be done soon that will re-establish our
right and title to be in direct communica
tion witii the sea, a right that was removed
when the Southern Pacific Company built
a stationary bridge across Islais Creek via
Kentucky street.
"We are all owners of land fronting on
and adjacent to Islais Creek, an arm of the
sea into which tide ebbs and flows, having
eight feet of water at ordinary high tide.
When in early days we purchased our land
we were enjoying free commerce and navi
gation. These conditions were kept up
until L 866, when the State Legislature ex
ceeded its trust and let the Po
trero and Bay View Railroad Company,
a feeler of the octopus, obstruct the creek
by placing across Kentucky street a sta
tionary wooden bridge and afterward by
an earthen embankment from one side of
the mainland at Potrero Nuevo over and
across a tidal bay on the line of Kentucky
Btreet eighty feet wide. This embank
ment, which ran clear across the creek to
the mainland, had an aperture in it for
the water to pass in and out as the ebb
and flow requires. This embankment has
stopped all commerce and navigation and
rendered it valueless to us property-own
ers, thus causing us great loss. Before
this obstruction was placed there Sacra
mento River steamers used to come up
and dock far above the bridge, and we
were permitted to do business direct from
our own property. To-day, however, these
steamers are bamd from entering the
creek above the Kentucky-street bridge.
"There is another bridge above the Ken
tucky-street obstruction, and yet one more
at Fifteenth avenue, which was con
structed against our protest. This latter
one consists of a solid embankment with a
Qowgate in it, but it is now out of place.
This creek before these three obstructions
were placed there was a navigable stream
and an arm of the sea, l? 00 feet wide at its
mouth and seventy feet at its upper end.
It is three miles long and ships of a capa
city of about forty tons were able to pass
easily up and down said creek.
"The Kentucky-street bridge was .first
started in the night and piles were driven
to mark its course. Why the local author
ities did not get out an injunction I do not
know. They simply permitted the work
to go on. It was the duty of the United
States District Attorney to take some
steps, but he paid no attention to the mat
ter. Isiais Creek was declared a navigable
arm of the sea by an act of Congress as
early as I"o0, ana part of section 3 of the
act admitting California into the Union
conditionally reads: 'And be it further en
acted, that all the navigable waters within
the said State shall be common highways
and forever free, as well to the inhabitants
of said State, as to the citizens of the
United States, without tax, impost or duty
therefor. 1 In the Statutes of California.
1868, page 350, it reads in section 2, after
section 1 declares the stream open: 'It
shall not be lawful for any person or per
sons to build any dam or bridge across
said creek or channel, or any wiiurf that
will interfere with navigation of the
same.'
"That was and is to-day the law re
garding obstructions, yet in section 3
of the same act it exempts the company to
build a draw in a bridge, but the company,
without authority built a stationary bridge
and afterward an embankment and then a
wagon road.
"One very clever way of getting around
the law was to incorporate in the act these
words: 'Said railroad company shall be
required to construct a draw in said bridge
whenever parties interested shall pay the
expenses of constructing said draw and
provide for maintaining the same.' This
was an unjust act that could not be ful
filled by any other parties but the com
pany. Thirty-five years after the stream
had been declared navigable and seventeen
years after the State of California bad
declared it navigable the California Leg
islature exceeded its trust and dropped it
from the Political Code as a navigable
stream. We carried the matter into the
courts and on the 30th of January, 1832, in
the Superior Court, Department 3. a de
cree was rendered in our favor as against
the Bay View Railroad Company, that the
bridge was a nuisance and the C efendants
were ordered to remove without delay the
bridge, or that part of it which obstructed
Islais Creek, and to immediately abate the
nuisance, but the case was appealed to the
State Supreme Court and reversed on the
ground that the company had the right to
keep the nuisance as a bridge until Con
gress otherwise enacts.
"That is the way the Supreme Court dis
posed of the question, and we are now try
ing to get Congress to correct the error. I
once wrote to Robert Lincoln, who was
Secretary of War, but he put the matter
in the hands of Colonel Mendell and we
got nothing from that source. On one oc
casion the Harbor Commissioners passed
a resolution ordering the railroad to re
move the bridge or place a draw in, with
the result that tbe man who wrote the
order was suddenly dismissed a short
time afterward.
"In 1890 the Harbor Commissioners
offered to construct a drawbridge if the
City would pay for its maintenance after it
was completed. This offer was rejected,
and nothing ever came of it.
"We have petitioned Congress to declare
Islais Creek open for commerce and navi
gation from its mouth in the Day of San
Francisco to its upper end as recorded on
gift map 4, December 31,18 til; in map
book 2 in the Recorder's office, and by the
map of the State Board of Harbor Com
missioners.
"It will require, to complete these re
movals of obstructions, something like
$10,000, which we have asked Congress to
appropriate. The petition is signed by my
self as president of the Islais Creek Prop
erty-owners' Association; Henry Wacken
reuder, execntor of Vistas W. Wacken
reuder's estate: the Fairmount Mission
Improvement Club's president and secre
tary, J. V. Broad, and also Anton Kreig,
J. A. Roy, Joseph Eberle, John Kingston,
Main & Winchester. Louis Sloss; the
Mission-street and Precita Valley Prop
erty-owners' Improvement Club, Peter
Seculovich president; S. G. Cheever, sec
retary ; Gustav Sutro, Adolph Sutro, Emily
F. Pope; Talbot Investment Company, by
\V. H. Talbot, president; Henry Seymour,
0. A. Warren. Behrend Joostand Mark
Strouse; the Mission and Holly Park Im
provement Club, by IT. G. Wienholz presi
dent, Martin Bahrt secretary; the Fair
mount Improvement Club, by Jobn L.
McLaughlin, president; Potrero Land and
Water Trust Company, by £. R. Thoma
son. president.
"If the otlicials of Caliiornia who draw
magnificent salaries from the State can
nor take care of the taxpayers and prop
erty-owners we will see whether or not
the" United States will. Ido not propose
to disarm myself entirely by exposing our
lines of campaign, but there is a great deal
more to come of this matter and we will
fight it out until something in the shape of
justice is delivered the property-owners,
who were here before the Southern Pacific
of Kentucky decided to remove us from
the sea."
ONE SAUSALITO SPOOK
The Apparition Which Dis
turbed the Rest of a
Prominent Citizen.
How W. H. Harrison Discovered
the Danger of Meddling With Old
Cemetery Pickets.
W. H. Harrison of Sausalito, the coal
merchant and journalist, took a drive
over the hills north of town on New Year's
day. Passing the old cemetery Mr. Har
rison remembered that he had lost a picket
from his front fence line, and that one of
those aged pickets at the cemetery
would about tit, and with a coat of paint
would look just as good as new. He is a
gentleman of prompt action, so to trans
fer the picket to his buggy was the work of
a moment. And then he drove home sat
isfied that the first day of the new year
had not passed without prolit.
Mr. Harrison is a light sleeper, and at 12
o'clock was awakened by the striking of
the midnight hour from the clock on his
mantelpiece. He reached forth to draw
the coverlet over his shoulders and com
pose himself again to slumber when the
consciousness of a strange presence in the
room startled him. He opened his eyes
and was considerably alarmed to see the
cemetery picket standing erect at the post
of his bed.
"Why, I'm a Coos Bay lv mperifiti
not the cemetery picket," exclaimed Mr.
Harrison, rubbing his eyes.
'You bet your sweet life it is," rejoined
the picket, which to Mr. Harrison's horror
had assumed human proportions, and was
grinning at him in a most ghastly fashion.
"Say, you're not alive," gasped the Coal
King, sitting up in his bed and shivering
with terror.
"Justus much as you are at the present
moment, Billy," grimly replied the picket.
"But 3'ou're old_ lumber, now, you know
you are," argued .Mr. Harrison, persua
sively.
Here the picket crew profane and swore
so terribiy tuat the expert in anthracite
put his lingers in his ears.
"Who are you, anyhow, and what are
you doing here in the dead of night?"
"bluilingly demanded Mr. Harrison.
".May tSatan roast you in your own sift
ings," shrieked the picket. '"Who brought
me here, any how, and behind the slowest
old horse, too, that ever wore shoes? Who
ami, eh? Why, I was the boatswain of
the Russian brig Petrovski, but now I am
simply a picket, see?"
"I knew there were some Russian sailors
burled on that hillside, but, I assure you,
I had no intention of disturbing you,"
said Mr. Harrison, soothingly.
"Oh, never mind the disturbing," re
torted the picket; "that hillside is a pretty
windy place, and I will be much more
comfortable in your front yard."
"I'll be hanged if you will," muttered
Mr. Harrison.
"I was always fond of society," pursued
the picket, musingly. "I like flowers and
chickens. It was the dream of my life to
own a chicken-ranch when I was at sea.
And say, don't drive me in too hard, Billy,
so I can't get up every night and have. a
social chat with you. I can spin you lots
of good yarns, I can."
The cold perspiration started on Mr.
Harrison's lofty forehead at the idea of a
seance every night with a ghostly boat
swain embodied in a redwood picket. But
he concluded best to conciliate his unwel
come visitor.
"Well, we'll see about it," he said, pleas
antly. "Nothing would pleaso nic better,
I assure you. But don't you think you'd
better turn in now. I've got to be at busi
ness early in the morning, you know."
The picket scowled viciously at the sug
gestion.
"I am just beginning to enjoy myself,
Billy," it said, severely. "Keep a civil
tongue in your head, or by the main brace
pennant I'll hop into that bed and lam the
dickens out ol you."
Here to Mr. Harrison's inexpressible re
lief a tap came to the door and a voice out
side said: "Why, William, who are you
talking to?"
Before he could reply the picket, with a
parting glance of the most threatening im
port, launched itself out of window. Mr.
Harrison sprang from his couch and
steadied hia nerves. That morning, ere
the wintry sun had gilded the lofty hills,
he drove rapidly up the road, and the
picket and a heavy maul lay side by side
in the bottom of ins buggy. It is now
sunk so deeo in the eartli m its old pJace
at the cemetery that nothing less powerful
than a derrick or shears will dislodge it.
NEW TO-DAT.
FOR
"77" will break
up a Cold that
hangs on.
Sold by druggists, or sent prepaid upon receipt of
price. 25c, or five tor $1.00. Humphreys' Medicine
Co., 11l and 113 William St., New York. j
NE"W TO-DAY.
Improved Homeopathic Remedies
Combine tlie Best in All
Systems.
THEY CURE PROMPTLY
In the Host Obstinate Cases,
Where All Other Reme-
dies Fail.
INVESTIGATE FOR YOURSELF.
If You Are Sick Ask Your Druggist for
Munyon's Guide to Health— Buy
a 25-Cent Munyon Remedy
and Cure Yourself.
If You Are in Doubt as to the Nature ol
Your Complaint, a Penonal .Letter to
Professor Munyon Will lie Answered
With Medical Advice for Any Disease,
Free of Charge.
Mr. Charles Garthorn, photographic
printer, 533 California street, San Fran-
ci^o, says: "Rheumatism, with all its
agonizing pains and tortures, has been my
affliction for years past, but thanks to Mun-
yon's Rheumatism Cure, I hope to know
it no longer. I hav9 consumed the con-
tents of two of Munyon's small-sized vials
and am so free from pain that I cannot
help informing you oi the fact. As a rule,
I have had but little faith in so-called
'patent medicines,' but doctors, and Temi-
nent doctors at that, have been unable to
do for me what Munyon's remedy has
done."
Rheumatism Cured.
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure is guaran-
teed to be absolutely harmless and a strong
tonic in building up the weak and de-
bilitated. It cures acute or musculai
rheumatism in from one to five days.
Sharp, shooting pains in any part of the
body stopped by a few doses. A prompt,
complete and permanent cure for lame-
ness, stiff back and ail pains in hips and
loins. Chronic rheumatism, sciatica, lum-
bago or pain in the back are speedily
cured. Price 25c.
Stomach and Dyspepsia Care.
Munyon's Stomach and Dyspepsia Cure
cures all form 3 of indigestion and stomach
troubles, such as rising of food, distress
after eating, shortness of breath and all
affections of the neart caused oy indi-
gestion, wind on the stomach, baa taste,
offensive breath, loss of appetite, faintness
or weakness of the stomach, headache
from indigestion, soreness of the stomach,
coated tongue, heartburn, shooting pains
of the stomach, constipation, dizziness,
faintness and lack of energy. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the symp-
toms of nervous exhaustion, such as de-
pressed spirits, failure of memory, restless
and sleepless nights, pains in the head and
dizziness. It cures general debility, stim-
ulates and strengthens the nerves and tone?
up the whole body. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure cures pains in the
back, loins or groins from kidney disease,
dropsy of the feet and limbs, frequent de-
sire to pass water, dark colored or turbid
urine, sediment in the urine and diabetes.
Price 25c.
Catarrh Cure.
Catarrh positively cured — Are you will-
ing to spend 50 cents for a cure that posi-
tively cures catarrh by removing the cause
of the disease? If so, ask your druggist
for 25-cent bottle of Munyon's Catarrh
Cure and a 25-cent bottle of Catarrh Tab-
lets. The catarrh cure will eradicate the
disease from the system and the tablets
will cleanse and heal the arllicted parts and
restore them to a natural* and healthful
condition.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects headache,
biliousness, jaundice, constipation and all
liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneu-
monia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women. Price 25c.
Munyon' Headache Cure stops head-
ache in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures ail forms of piles. Price 25c. •
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price SI.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Asthma
Herbs relieve asthma in three minutes and
cure in a few days. Price, 50c each.
The Munyon Remedies are absolutely
harmless and contain positive cures foi
the most obstinate diseases. A separate
specific for each disease. Sold by all drug-
gists, mostly at 25 cents a bottle.
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
,v. ; k once for a book
Ns3i£7 that explains how
/*>-?K full manly vigor
it. w-S^K * s easi quickly
\\->Jy»V .3\ aD(^ permanently
*C&?y*mfts'Viv restoreil. No man
y^^V-^^itgiW suffering from
J / _ \X\/Zy I WV% weakness can af-
I /*^^*&r J jM^I f ord to Ignore thia
i/C s^yT fir*n timely advice.
/SZZiCrf ti -TIJWUG\. Book tells how
>^"^ — a *^^"^^*"full strength de-
velopment and tone are impartert to every
portion of the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIEMEDICALCO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
LIPOTAIJR., /"TV
Chinese Tea and Herb LJ. j
Sanitoriuni, JS^-tjf
No. 727 Washington St., > jjf a
San Francisco, Cnl. \'k£- Jf
Cor. Brenhjun Place, abova \/&-=* A
tiepl»wL 'JW.
Office Hourg: 9to 13, — "^ S&> /V/5^N
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- "^Wj^*
day, 9 A. J»I. to V.i M.
L,l Po Tai Jr., son of the famous Li Po
Tal, has taken hia father's business,
and is, after eleven years* study ia
China, fully prepared to locate an 3
treat all diseases.
BJIJiUU-JH ifiUi.^iUDß.HaL'-'g KCINVIGORATCRstop
P*\ *" ES**?i all Losses m a* Hours. Cure
k\* xUrJfcwUfcZJ LOST MANHOOD, Nervous Debility
ftSH^r^H^Efl' liirission? . Imrx I
E't&Si'a B&^T c >'- Vaiicocele, Gleet, Tits. Xii)
Mm ■' — " feß neys.andall other Wasting Effect
■■TJa • ' JrW of I r.-.,r» of Youth or Excess**
jOfv£3 ES£i? SENT SEALED.
tiafeKfi EHlI^ Bottl( ' r ' FIVE Dollars
ESSjKij ■■■■■I Guaranteed to CURE er.y c.is?.
»SW*l rksf>& All i'KivATK Diseases qukkh
rT?rrY3Trrrsri*» c " red - Hook for men mailed free.
I ill 38 *£f?1 Hall's Medical InstituU
II i Tin T0855 BROADWAY. OAKLANO. CAL
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEAirNY AND WASHINOTOX STa—
modeled and renovated. . KING, WABD <fc cv.
Kuropean plno. Booms 50c to $150p?rdar Mi
to $b per week, $8 to ijiJO per month; tree battis;
hoi and cold water every room; tire gratea ia mil
com; eievaior rum »ii njgns
1314
FATHER YORKE REPLIES TO DR. BOVARD
Position of the Catholic
Church in America
Defended,
THE OLD PENAL LAWS.
Persecution of Catholics in Eng
land During Elizabeth's
Time.
OBSERVE ALL THE CIVIL LAWS.
First Allegiance of the People Is to
the State — Society Founded
by God.
The Rev. Father York? submits another
letter in answer to the Rev. Dr. Bovard. It
is as follow?:
January 4. L 896.
To the Editor of the Fan Francisco Call— Dear
Bnt: li;i\ : cleared away the theological
preliminari< I come ow to the reasons nr?nl
by Mr. Bovard to justify suspicion ol the
Catholic chnrch in America. Lot me say that
these reasoni are not new. They have been
put forward tim< out of mind by Intolerant
clergymen and crafty politicians as sufficient
excuse for the ' most violent perseen
tlon of Catholics. They were promul
gated by the ministers of Elizabeth
when tney were hanging, drawing and
quartering men who preferred death
t.> apostacy. They were published by the
authors of the penal laws when Catholics were
despoiled of all civil and political rights; when
their children were denied education; when
their young men were denied a profes
sion; when the faith wife was tempted
to cloak her sin under the mantle ol Protestant
laws and the undutifui son could claim his
father's estate under the sanction of Protestant
legislation; when Catholic I roperty was con
fiscated; when Catholic worship was inter
dicted; when the same price was put on the
head of a friar aa on the head of a wolf; when
the Bishops 01 the church were tracked by
bloodhounds through the marshes, through
the mountains, into the caves and the dens of
the earth— they of whom the world was not
worthy.
They were republished by that benevolent
gentleman, John Wesley, when the saner tera
per of ■tatesmen would lift the yoke and when
his bloodshot vision discerned dangei "from
the amazing growth of Popery," as evidenced
in the erection of Popish chapels, the opening
of Popish schools and the public advertisement
of Popish books, when lie gave testimony to the
strength of his convictions by instigating the
Gordon riots, tamiliar to readers of ' Bar
naby Rudge," which gutted these Popish chap
els, which looted these Popish schools, which
burned these Popish books, and by leaving on
record his broad and charitable sentiments for
all future generations: "No Government, not
Koman Catholic, ought to tolerate men oi the
Roman Catholic persuasion."
In country the same reasons were urged
when the Knownothing excitement brought
the strong men of Boston in the midde of the
night to burn down the Urhuline convent and
filled the streets of Philadelphia and Louis
ville with howling mobs shootingdown Roman
catholics to the accompaniment of blazing
churches and cheers for the Bible and re
ligious freedom. The same arguments are
brought forth now by the modern knownoth
ings, the A. P. A., to arouse a similar frenzy
and to inspire another crusade asainst citizens
of this republic who have witnessed to their
loyalty in the blood of their bravest and their
best.
Mr. i:<iit< r, these arguments of Mr. Bo
vard are not new. They have a long and in
glorious history. It is piainful at this stage of
rld's progress to be compelled 10 devote
serious attention to their refutation. But evi
dently they have not yet lost their noxious vi
tality. Like the germs of the cholera, they
*leep for a time in the -water, or in the soil,
I'iit some accidental disturbance, some evil
temper in the air, pives them uew life and
:hem forth to go the round of the world
Lagne mankind.
The first argument as 6et forth by Mr. Bo
vani toucaes the allegiance of Catholics.
Protestantism t»aches that governments are
free in the exercise of their functions. Rulers
may be just ns close to the throne and know as
much of the will of God as the Pope. Protestants
woold I st as soon see the President praying for
tne safety of the Nation a^ to know that a prayer
h»d been made in the Vatica.i for the same pur
pose. The sources of righteousness and truth are
•>a conscientious clean-hear;ed
bailiff a.< tbey are to an ordained priest or minister.
lea of any power being between the ruler and
his God
i he Catholic doctrine, so tar as it be under
stood, teaches that in matters of morals ai
.tie church is above the state. As there can
be no government wit hou morals no morals with
out religion, it pozzies plain-thinking people to
know the boundaries of papal supremacy. The
ProLestant view of a government leaves it not only
free but supreme. -Every soul is subject to the
hleher power." Governments founded on justice
and carried on In righteousness are as direct from
<;od as the church. If Catholics will say as much
the contention ceases and all suspicion dies out.
It Is the claim, or the quasi claim, of the Koman
church that there is a hignly attenuated but n-al
supremacy over the nations of tbe earth, with
headquarters at Rome, that gives rise to suspicion
against that church.
In the course of this controversy, Mr. Editor,
I have at various times asserted "the complete
independence of the civil government; but
either Mr. Bovard has not read my letters or he
has not understood them if he did read them.
I have eaid the very thing which he declares
will end the contention and disarm suspicion,
yet the contention has not ceased and sus
picion still prowls about with erected ears.
There are none so blind as they who will not
see — none so deaf as they who'will not hear.
I am compelled, therefore, in answer to Mr.
Bovard, to set before your readers what the
Catholic church teaches: about civil society
and about our duties to temporal rulers.
I. CIVIL ALLEOIAN' h.
1. Civil society is founded by God. It springs
from human nature, of which Uod is the
author. In its <>\v:i sphere it has received
Kupreme authority, and to that authority men
should bow according to the saying of the
apostle: "Let eveiy soul be subject to the
higher powers, for there is no power but from
<tO'l, and those that are ordained of God.
Therefore he that resisteth the power resisteth
the ordinance of God, and they that resist pur
chase to themselves damnation."
2. God docs not determine the manner in
which civil society may organize this power.
He has eiven no special lorm of civil govern
ment. It belongs to the people to determine
thens t ovcrnmeut which will bt-t
secure to them tneir rights and happiness"
This is the teaching of the Declaration of In
dependence:
We hold these truths to be self-evident, that all
men are created equal : that they are endowed by
their Creator with certain inalienable rights: that
umiiii? them are life, liberty and the pursuit of
happiness. Tbat to .secure these rights govern
ments are instituted among men. deriving their
jus; powers from the consent ol the governed; that
whem r.ny form of povernment b<-coines <!e
--structive of ihfSH ends It is the right of tlie people
to a't'-r or abolish it. fend to institute a new gov
ernment, laying its foundation on euch principles,
and organizing its powers In such form as 10 them
Bh»ll seem most .likely to effect their safety and
happiness.
Long before America was discovered or
Protestantism invented these same political
principles wore laid down in almost identical
words by the greatest of the schoolmen
Thomat Aquinas: . •
"You will ask me in the second place whether
tin- prince receives this civil lesislative power im
mediately from <;oi. I reply, It Is universally ad
mitted that princes receive this powi r from God.
bat at the same Uxne it is maintained with more
truth that they do not receive it directly, but
through the medium of the people's consent- for
nil rn*"n are naturally equal, and there is no natu
ral distinction of superiority or inferiority. Hince
nature has not Riven any individual power over
another, God has conferred this power on tbecoru
munity, which, as it may think it more proper tobe
ruled hv one or hy many appointed persons,
transfers It tv one or t> many, that by them it may
t>e ruled." (St- Thomas. T'l. 1, 2, ques. 90, art. 3
and 2, Compendium of Salamanca.) "The king
dom is not made for the kijiir, but the king for the
kingdom, for God has constituted kings to rule and
govern and to secure to everyone the possession of
fcis rights. Such is the aim of their institution
but if kings, turning things to their own pront,
should act otherwise, they are no longer kings, but
tyrants." (Of Civil Governments, chap. 11.) •
"They are praised wi.o deliver the people from
tyrannical power, bat this cannot easily be aone
without some sedition among the people where one
part of the people tries to retain the tyrant an I the
other to eject him; therefore sedition maybe made
without sin. This is not to excite sedition, but to
cure it." (St. Th. 2, 2, ques. 4^, art. 2to 3.)
3. Once, however, the civil society is organ
ized and accepted by the people all are bound
to obey it. This obedience is a matter of con
science, and no one can refuse it without sin.
In temporal affairs, that is to say, in all these
matters which affect the citizen as a citizen,
nothing can come between the State and God.
li 1 am aiiked what are the matters, which
affect the citizen as a citizen, I can but reply
everything contained in the constitutions and
laws'of this country. There is no duty laid on
a Catholic in America which he cannot
conscientiously fulfill. There is no privilege ac
corded lo the citizen which he is bound by his
religion to refuse to others. Every Catholic
citizen owes full and undivided allegiance to
the flag. No human being can absolve himself
from that allegiance— no Pope or priest can in
this regard come between the Government of
these United states and God. In v word, to
quote Cardinal Manning, "The civil allegiance
; holies is as undivided as that of all
Christians and of all nun who recognize a
divine or natural moral law."
When Mr. Bovard states "As there can be no
government without morals, no morals with
out religion, it puzzles plain-thinking people
to know the boundaries of papal supremacy,"
he states a problem which Protestants have to
face just as well as Catholics.
All Christians acknowledge the existence of
a moral law. This moral law is an eternal and
unchangeable standard of right or wrong. It
i< the rule of our conduct whether we live un
der a government or no. It does not derive
its force from human legislation or popular
consent. Stealing would be stealing if there
were never a king, and murder would be mur
der wor- there never a government. More
over, human law can never prevail against
this moral law; murder is always criminal,
stealuig always forbidden, adultery always
unlawful. Ido not think that Mr. Bovard, or
any t heist, will deny this proposition.
2. Hie medium by which this moral law is
made known to us is the Intellect. Human
reason is the only natural way we have of
knowing and it is through human reason, we
become cognizant of the naturaflaw. This is
a truism.
3. Human reason, how;ever, is not a perfect
medium. Just as light is refracted when pass
ing through water, so the moral law Is re
fracted when passing through the mind of
man. In some minds this refraction is greater,
;:i gome it is less. But no matter how much
the ray may be bent, it is still the ray, so no
iiiatur how much the moral law may be dis
torted when i>assing through a particular
mind, it is still for that person the moral law.
4. 1 he morHl law as apprehended by a man's
the voice of
aches our ears. Conscience is the
sum <'i our duties, our obligations as we under
stand them. c, in I word, is our
judgment saying to us this action is cor
ned by the law and therefore it must be
mcd or that action Is forbidden by the
law and therefore must be omitted.
6. Hence conscience must be always obeyed.
As long as a man is convinced that a certain
line of duty must be followed he sins if he does
not carry it out. It makes no difference
whether he is right or wrong, he can never act
atrainst his conscience. Others may have the
right oi hindering him from doing what bis
conscience orders, but he can never have the
right oi doing what he conceives i<> (•>• wrong
or of omitting what he believes be is bound to
perform. The reason is simple. Conscience is
the moral law to that man, and the moral law
is supreme.
G. 1 rom this it follows that a man's obedience
to the civil law is limited by his conscience.
This limitation holds for the Protestßnt as well
as for tne Catholic. If the civil law were to
order ail Method it at mass, Dr. Bo
vard would be the first to break it. If the
■t California should enact the lawagatnst
whose repeal John Wesley fought— that every
(. atholic should, under pain of tine, attend the
Anglican service— no Catholic could obey it.
During the anti-slavery agitation many Prot
estant preachers and members of the. Protest
ant churches appealed to this principle under
the name of the "higher law," and yet their
good citizenship is not questioned by Dr. Bo
vard.
7. Hence I may retort the argument on Dr.
Bovard, the Protestant. "Conscience is
supreme in matters 01 morals, out as there can
be no government without morals, no morals
without religion, it puzzles y>lain-thinking
people to know the boundaries of the su
premacy of the Protestant conscience."
m— FREEDOM OF CONSCIENCE.
1. This argument whicn I have just retorted
on Dr. Bovard whs used by im- pagans ag
the Jews and by tbe Jews and pagans a)
the Christians. When the apostles conceived it
to be the-.r duty to preach Christ the ■'■■
authorities forbade thorn. Then they ap
pealed at once to the supremacy of conscience.
"We must obey God rather than man."
•2. When Christianity began to spread through j
the Roman empire it was not attacked 1 •
it was a religion. The persecutors of the early I
church from Nero to Diocliiian proclaimed, !
like the preachers of the A. P. A, that they
made no war on any mans religion. They
opposed only disloyai'ty. The worship of the
Emperor's divinity was the great test of alle
giance, and any one who refused that test
should be punished for treason. The Chris- ,
tians protested their loyalty, but it was all in ■
vain. Unless they proved that loyalty In the
precise way the Kmperor wished they were
food for the lions. Now the Christian con
science revolted from the test, nn>i accordingly
old men and tender virgins, youths, soldiers, ;
children went with smiling faces to the steke,
to the block or to the bloody sand of the
arena— all giving the tame reason, We must
obey God rather than man.
3. When the insane hatred of the Pope took "■
possession of the English Government Catho
lics were persecuted — ostensibly not because of .
their religion, but lor treason." Cecil and the j
rest of them assured Europe that they did not
persecute for conscience sake. They only
flayed, burned, boiled, hanged, disemboweled
and quartered those who were traitors to the
Queen. They made a test of loyalty. That test
was to disown the temporal and spiritual j
power of the Pope. The Catholics, were willing
enough to disown the temporal power, but
their conscience forbade them to disown the :
spiritual power, and hence it was that for eon- !
science sake they suffered as the early Chris- ;
tians suffered, because we must obey God
rather than man.
4. All this time there were men who thought
that it was a wrong thing to make a matter" of
conscience a test of loyalty. They reasoned
that men who were so steadfast in standing for
what they conceived to be tlie right would be
the Dest and truest citizens. Hence the thought
arose that it would be for the peace of the
commonwealth if such tests of loyalty were
withdrawn and only those enforced which
could in no way interfere with conscientious
conviction. On this continent it feU to Catho
lics to put this principle for the first time into
operation. Lord Baltimore had obtained a
grant of land in America, unincunibered with
any conditions. He founded the colony of
Maryland, and the laws of that colony
pro video.:
Whereas, The foreln? of the conscience in
matters of religion hath frequently fallen out
to be of dangerous consequence in the common
wealth Where it has been practiced, and for the
more quiet and peaceable government of the
Province, and the better to preserve mutual love
and amity among the inhabitants, no person
within the Province professing to believe In
Jesus Christ shall be anyways troubled, molested
or discountenanced for histir her religion, or in the
free exercise thereof.
5. This glorious example was followed by our
Federal Government, and then by the States.
Now the constitution forbids any religious test
as a qualification for ollice, or, in other words,
forbids the Government to measure the loyalty
of the subject by any action or word w"hich
may be opposed to conscience.
6. However, this liberty of conscience is not
absolute. There are acts of licentiousness,
acts prejudicial to the peace and dignity of the
State which cannot be committed under the
cover of liberty of conscience. Though before
God the man who does these acts is not guilty
of sin, still lor its own preservation the State
may be compelled to restrain him. Thus
polygamy has been forbidden, though intro
duced under a religious sanction, and certain
free love communities established by so-callea
Messiahs have been incontinently broken up.
Now comes the question do the powers claimed
by the Pope interfere with the rights and dig
nity of the State or the natural allegiance of
the subject? This question I am compelled to
defer to another letter. Yours truly,
PETEB C. Yorke.
POSTSCT.IPTTM.
Like Don Quixote astride of Rosinante, Mr.
W. 11. Bowi-an has mounted his scissors and
lias set forth to defend distressed damsels in
Brazil. Ido not intend to say anything to 11.
W. Bowman until he settles a certain matter
with the good people of Suisun. There is a
small sum of $100 awaiting him in that town
which he can obtain when he can verify a
quotation which he says he took from tlie
Catholic World. When he deals with thut
quotation it will be quite time enough to pro
duce others. P. C. Y.
G. H. HUBBELL AND THE JESUITS.
The Editor of the American Patriot Writes
of Oaths.
G. H. Hubbell of the American Patriot
submits the folowing letter:
Office American Patriot, 810 Market.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: Once I saw a good riderof the horse place
a saddle upon a wild California cayuse and
jump astride of him. When this cayuse saw
what wns on him he just bucked and bucked,
but at last he tamed. Like unto this cayuse is
Peter C. Yorke, chancellor archdiocese, San
Francisco. He has been a-bucking, attempting
to throw off American suspicion in his effort
to defend the assassins of human liberty, the
men whom all civilized governments but ours
have run out; the men whom this Government,
in self-defense, will have to run oat— the
Jesuits.
A long time ago in France a civil suit was
brought for moneys lost, against the Jesuits'
Mercantile Mission in Martinico. The Jesuits
were forced to bring their constitution into
court. This constitution was so bad that all
France became greatly excited. The Parlia
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
ment issued a decree abolishing these fellows
from the Nation. That great Nation assigned
these reasons:
The consequences of thPir doctrines destroy the
laws of nature: they break all the bonds of civil so
ciety by aushoriziuir tl.ei't. lyinjt, perjury, tne ut
most licentiousness, murder and all manner of
sins.
These doctrines, moreover, root out all senti
ments of humanity: they overthrow all Govern
ments, excite rebellion and uproot the foundation
and practice of rellclo v
And further, they substitute all sorts of supersti
tion, irreligioii, blasphemy aud idolatry.
That un-American oath binding the man to
a foreign power, that Jesuit oath, born of hell,
which we lately produced before your readers
and which is substantially the same as the
Bishop oath, was also one of the reasons for
the banishment of the Jesuits.
And yet, Bishop Purcell in the great debate
with Alexander Campbell, says on page 318 of
that debate, which I have bei'one me, that :
All the kings and States of Europe, Protestant
and Catholic, know that the Bishops take that,
oath, and yet, In none of them is a Bishop looked
upon with distrust. in Prussia, Sweden, .Denmark
and England, tbe Governments never molest a
Bishop about an oath which Is known to contain
nothing at which the captious statesman could
justly take exception. Is not this sufficient proof
that there is in that oath nothinn of what my
friend attributes to it? I assure him Catholic Bish
ops are not. the enemies that this Kcpublic needs to
(ear. , ; > v {. • - -
Why can't Peter C. Yorke from County Gal
way, Ireland, be as frank? He is a coward.
Hi- knows that Romanism teaches the essence
of these oaths. Here is what his masters say:
Barrouius— God ;the Pope) has made the po
litical Government subject to the spiritual.
Bellarniine says: "By reason of the spiritual
power the Pope, at least indirectly, has a su
preme power even in temporal matters."
Here is a portion of a bull bySixtus V against
Henry, Kin^ of Navarre, and the Prince of
Conde: "The authority given to St. Peter and
his successors, by the immense power of the
Eternal Kins;, excels all the powers uf earth by
Kings and Princes. It passes uncontrollable
sentence upon all, and it it finds any of them
resisting God's ordinance it takes a more se
vere vengeance of them, and, casting down
the most powerful of them from their thrones,
tumbles them down into the lowest parts of
the earth as the ministers of the proud Lucifer.'
And yet a Jesuit will make aa affidavit in the
(ace of this. But then this is Jesuitism. And
the church 1b always the same. It never
changes.
Mr. Editor, I was born and bred an American
citizen. I love the name, 1 admire our Ameri
can institutions and wisli to make them bet
ter. I played as a barefooted boy upon the
grass of California and Oregon when Peter C.
Yorke was being horn and bred a foreigner and
learning his billingsgate in the bogsof Ireland.
He uas come here arid Is doing what he can to
papalise and foreignize this country. The dif
ference between he and his kind, and others,
born in a foreign land, is that others become
the best of our American citizens, while they
with citizenship papers in their pockets are
foreigners still,
I earnestly think from reading its own liter
ature that the Koman Catholic political church
was born ana bred of hell, and that the Pope,
bishops and priests are the agents of hell. In
such belief 1 here respectfully submit some
more of the Jesuits' philosophical 6in, etc.,
from their own books:
FHH4MOPHICAX SIN, ETC.
Valerius itKuiNAi.n: Praxis forl prenlten-
Halts. LiiKduni, iti'JO (Colonioe, 1622. Ed. Coll.
siom. ''it umu does Dot reflect that it is not
lawful to delight in a sin. and while his will is ab
horrent from it, he is evidently excused from sin,
although he should think upon ft with delight for a
whole day." Lib. xi, cap. 5, sec. 3, n. 46.
The reason Is as long as tha understanding does
not reflect ou the wickedness of that v lili-h Is of
fered to the will » * • The consent of the win
is not a sin, etc; Paul Laymann. Theologia Mo
rails. Lntetls Fazlsioruin, iti'JT (Kd. Coll. sion.)
Saurez, Sanchez and Yusquezare rinht. who main
tain tl at for an action to be imputed unto a man
it Is necessary that tin* agent reflect, or
should have reflected uiwjn the smfulness of the
I action or on the danger of the sin. Tract. 2, cap.
i. n. t;.
Jf theinin'l is so absorbed in wlint may be con
venient or useful, that it either reflects not a: all
or very slightly upon the dlser dlt of un action: in
which case It either will be no sin or only an im
perfect or venial sin. which, I think, happens with
those who are so completely absorbed in tbe excess
Of their sorrow, that they commit suicide. (Ib.
iract. .f, cap. ' n. 13.)
Vincent Fllllndua <;>loralium Qucestionum de
■ t Caslbns ConsclenUce, Tomua
11. La*dnni 1633; rr»eliis. 10:!.'>, Ed. Coll sion.)
An action which is contrary to the natural and
divine law will not be imputed to us for sin. except
In as far as we knew it io be sinful. iTruct. xxi,
cap. I, de tuns-., ii. 116.)
.lens DKIiUQO: !>:sputatlores -"cholasticw deln
carnatioiif pomlnlca (Lugduni, 1 ti :-> 3 : Lugdnal,
1646; Kd. Bibl. Acad. Cant.) — In the words oiHiori
to Adam: "In the day that thou «atest thereof
thou shalt surely die." "If mon sbalt eat it know
must be understood, lor if he had eaten !
without relk-ctingon the offense to Go I he had not
As hrist said to Peter: "If I wash thee
not thou hast no part with me," so Paul said to the
Corinthians: "If ye- are adulterers ye shall not In
herit the kinK<lom of God." But as Peter would
not have incurred the penalty If he h.ul not ad
verte l to the command of t hrist, so neither would
the Corinth tang if they had not adverted to the
divine offense, without which, although it would
lave been n philosophical adultery, if 1 may so ex
press myself, yei :t would noi have amounted to a
theological adultery of which i'aul was speaking,
since he spoke of it in terms of a mortal sin.— Disp.
b. sec 0. n. 101.
Anthony EscOBAK: I.iber Th°o;o^i;e Moralls
Vlginti quatuor Societatia Jesn Doctoribus resera
:us. Lugdnni. 1656. (Lugrtuni. 1659. Ed. Mus.
Brit.) A confessor perceives that his penitent "Is
i:i invincible ignorance or at least in innocent Ig
norance, and he does not hope any benetit will be
derived from his advice, Lmt rather anxiety of
mind, fatrife or scandal, should he dissemble?"
fsuarez affirms that he outrht, because, since his
admonition will be fruitless, ignorance will excuse
his penitent from sin.— 'l r. vii, Sacram. Kxamen.
iv n<- Poenitentla, <■. 7, n. 155.
Thomas Tamburin: See Methodus Kxpeditoe
Confesslones, i.ucduni, i< 59. Antverpise, IHS6.
Kd. ( oil. i.ii. i .c. S, sec 8, ii. 38. Although
he who, through Inveterate habit Inadvertently
swear.su falsehood, may seem bound to confess the
propensity, yet he is commonly excused.— Lib. ii,
C 3 sec 11.I 1 .- !*B. Sines- he is excused from the sin,
he will be excused also from confession.— Lib. ii, c.
, n. 24.
Some maintain that the same must be said of
blasphemy, heresy and of the aforesaid oath, and
consequently that such things committed inad
vertently are neither sins in themselves nor the
cause of sin, and, therefore, need not necessarily
ssed - Lib. ii. c. 3, sec 3, n. '2f>.
Blasphemy— Charles Anthony Casnedi: Crisis
one, 1711; --If thromb invln
•in>r you believe lying or blasphemy to be
commanded by <;od. blaspheme."— Tom. i, lMsp. 6,
sec. 2, sec 1, n. 59.
Cm piety— John of Silas: Tn Primum Secunda
DivlThonue Baroinone, 1007; (Kd. Bibl. Archiep.
! Cant. Lamb.) : "An entire love of Gou is not due
j to him through justice, nor is even any due;
I though ail love is due through a certain Kind of
i decency and credit."— Tom. 1, Qu:ei:;t 3, Tr. 2,
Dlsp. 2, sec. 5, n. 40.
Pkteb Alauiina: B. Thomas Aquinatis Sumnire
Theologite Compendium. (Lntetlffi Parisiorum,
: 1620.) By command of God It Is lawful to kill an
i innocent person, to steal, or to commit fornication:
j because be la the Lord <>i' life and death and all
■ . and it is due to him tlms to fulfill his com
! mand. — K\ prima Secundse, 'iuiest. 94.
IMAco: Priml Ssecnll So details Jesu. Antverpisp.,
I 1640, says: The Society Of .iesus is not a human
l invention, but is proceeded from himwhos.- name
| it bears. For Jesus himself described that ruieof
| life which the society follows, firs: by his example,
i and afterwards by ins words.— Lib. i, c. 3. p. 64.
The society extends over the whole world, and
fullrils the prophecy of Malachi. (A prtnl repre
senting the two continents, at the foot of which is
written), "From the rising of the sun unto the go
| ing down of the same, my name s all be great
! among the Gentiles: and in every place shall in
! cense be offered unto my name, and a pure offer
! tag."— M ulac hi i. Ibid., p. 318.
.I(ihn .Mahiv: TheologiSß Speculativre et Mor-
I alls, i oinus ii, Venetiia, I7i!u. God can speak
i equivocally for 311 righteous purpose, an I a
right) 011s purpose is often found.— Tom. ii, Tr. 14,
de Fide Divina, Dlsp. :>, Sect. 1, n. 9.
John Baptist Tabersa: .Synopsis Theologise
Praeticse. Colonhe 1736. Qu. 6, Is a Judge bound
I to restore the bribe which he lias received for pass
| ing sentence? If he had received the bribe for
passing an unjust sentence it is probable he may
keep it. . . . This opinion is maintained and de
fended by fifty-eight doctors.— Pars. 11, Tr. 2, c. 31.
Theft and Sf.cret Compensation. Kmman
ckl fc>A:. Aphorismis Confessariorum. Colonies
1590. (Colonue, 1615. Kd. Coll. Sion.) It is not
a mortal sin to take secretly. . . . And it is not
necessary to restore.
Valkkits Regixat.d: Praxis Fori Posnlten
tlalis. Lugduni, lo'JO. (Tom. I. Colonise, 1622.
Kd. COD. sion.) Servants may not take the prop
erty of their masters secretly by way of compen
sation, unless it should in reality appear to be thel
case in the opinion of an experienced man I
Tom. !, Praxis, Lib. x.c. 18, n. 255.
Servants are excused from both sin and restltul
tion, 11 they only take inequitable compensation.
Among the conditions of alawful compensation,
this is the chief, that the debt cannot be obtained
by any other means.— Lib. xxv,c. 44, 11. 555. (Tom.
ii^ Moguntias 162 i!. Ed. Coll. Sion.)
. 1.1 T.lrsriMAN, inomnes li. Panll EplstO
i Ins Kxplanatonium. Tomus I, Lugdnni, 1612 : "Kx
cept tlie ecclesiastical power there is no other
power among men which has received itsstrength
and authority direct from Uod and which can af
firm with truth that it, may lawfully act with divine
authority."— ln Epist. ad ISom., c. xill.. v. 2.
John LoKiu.Coromemariorumin Librum Psalm
orum, tomus lii. J^ugdum, 1617 (Coloniie Aggrip
lme, 1619, Ed. Coll. .Sion) : "Since Peter has "more
■/.» ul than the rest of the apostles . . . when he
I struck the servant of ■'the high priest, it Is for this
reason, among others, we may conceive that the
1 sovereign uries;hood wns committed to him by
j Christ, and w e may allirm that Ignatius was chosen
I to t* the general of our order because he would kill
a .Moorthat had blasphemed."— ln Psalm 105, v. 31.
Leonabd LxaaXUM, De Justitiaet Jure.cseterisque
virtutibus cardinallbus. Parislis, 1628. (Aitver
pise, 16J1. Kd. Coll. Sion.) "The soverign Pon
tiiT, as. the vicar of Christ and the superior of
Christiandom, can directly annul and remit every
Cjliu'iition contracted with another upon the faith
of un oath when there is sufficient cause for it;
which remission Is as valid as if the person in
whose behalf the oath had been sworn himself had
made it. Lib. ii, de Jurem, c. 42, dub. 12, n. 64.
John ds Cabtii.lt-:— Be Justitiie et Jure, cajter
isijue virtutibus carainalibus. Antverpia>. 1641.
"The clergy are exempt from lay power, even in
temporal things, is thus proved. No man Is di
rectly subject unto one who has not any jurisdic
tion over him * * • but the lay prince (or pres
ident .1 hits no jurisdiction over the clergy or ec
clesiastics. * * * Hut a secular prince cannot
punish the clergy, therefore ecclesiastics are not
subject to lay princes."— Lib. li, Tr. 1, Dlsp. 4, Dub.
8, de Judicio prout Actus Justitlse, n, 126.
Yours for 1896, G. A. Hdbbell.
HOWARD CHURCH EDIFICE
Presbyterians to Have a Place
of Worship at the
Panhandle.
ROMANESQUE ARCHITECTURE.
Church Organized by Rev. H. S. Willey
and Named in Honor of
W. D. M. Howard.
The members of Howard Presbyterian
Church expect to worship in their new
edifice at the corner of Oalc and Baker
streets in the early spring. The plans of
Percy & Hamilton have been selected, and
the work, begun a few weeks ago, will be
vigorously pushed.
The plan adopted is for a building in !
the Romanesque style of architecture, 100
feet frontage by 100 feet deep, to be of
liedding yellow-brown sandstone, with
brick backing, and slate roof with terracotta
NEW HOWARD PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH TO BE ERECTED AT THE PAN
HANDLE.
coping. The design is unique in that it is
really a double building, consisting of
main auditorium and chapel under
separate roofs, but joined below the eaves
so as to be thrown together by means of
rolling partitions, thus making one large
audience-room when needed, with seating
capacity for nearly 1200 people. The
building when completed will have all the
modern improvements, social-room, ladies'
parlors, lavatories, pastors study, session
room, janitor's quarters, a conservatory
for plants and palms (to be used in
decorating the church), etc.
The interior finish of the main audi
torium will be in oat and ash, and of the
chapel in Oregon pine; the walls above the
wainscoting to be tinted sand finish
plaster, with wood ceiling in the church
proper. The windows will be of art glass
of approved designs.
The congregation being anxious to
occupy its new field, the contract for the
chapel has been let and the edifice will be
ready for occupancy in April.
The chapel wiil be a complete building
in itself with seating capacity of from 500
t.> KKJ people. The church lot, having a
gentle slope back from Oak street, permits
basement rooms, and the chapel will have
there rooms arranged for social gather
ings, with ladies' parlors, kitchen, pantry,
etc. The main floor of the chapoi will
have a central room, 57x-iO feet, and large
classrooms for Sabbath-school on either
side, which may be thrown into the
central room by rolling nartitions. Over
these classrooms will be similar
rooms, aiso provided with rolling par
titions, so that they can be thrown open
NEW TO-DAY.
Two Gold
Three Silver
Five— that's the number of Medals taken in Novem-
ber by Goodyear Welt Shoemaking System at Mechanics'
Fair, Boston.
People said it was the most complete working ex-
hibit of Modern Shoemaking ever made.
The World's Fair at Chicago gave us a half-dozen
medals. They'll be delivered, so they tell us, about Feb-
ruary 1, 1896. A little late ; but, added to those we have,
they'll make a fine display.
Taking medals is "dead easy"; but, what is more to
the purpose, the people are taking
Goodyear Welt Shoes
and wearing them. Easier, stronger, and wear longer
than the hand-sewed kind; cost less.
Try a pair, but first be sure you get Goodyear Welt
Shoes. Any honest shoe merchant has them in all
grades, all styles, for both sexes.
S3~ Smooth bottoms next the feet: no wax, no tacks, no nails, to hurt the feet; do not rip
pliable, easy, comfortable: stronger, fit bettfr, and keep shape better than hand-sewed shoes, because
the machines draw tighter seams than the hand workman can; repaired same as hand-sewed shoes,—
these are some of the good points in Goodyear Welt Shoes.
r GOODYEAR SHOE MACHINERY CO, BOSTON.
to serve as side galleries. The chapel will
be used for the regular church services
until the rest of the building is completed,
which will be as soon as the valuable
property now owned and occupied by the
congregation on Mission street is sold. A
temporary organ-loft will be built on the
east side of the chapel lor the pipe-organ
and choir.
Howard Church was organized by Rev.
H. S. WilJey in 1850, and the first building
erected on a lot given by W. D. M. How
ard, for whom the church was named.
bince then several eminent ministers have
served it as pastors. The present pastor is
Rev. F. R. Farrand, who assumed charge
in November. 1894, coming from a most
successful work and a church of 650 mem
bers in Piltsburg, Pa. The new Howard
Church will be the first Protestant church
building to be erected in the park district,
and has every prospect for a rapid growth
and great usefulness in that part of the
City.
ARRESTED FOR BURGLARY.
The Two Men Who Bobbed the Pawn
shop of Adolph Oppenbeiin.
Frank Perry and Robert Phillips were
booked at the City Prison last night by
Captain Wittman and Policeman T. Rourke
on the charge of burglary. The police
claim they are the two men who broke
into the pawnshop of Adolph Oppenheim,
405 Dupont street, on New Year's morning.
The front window of the store had been
broken with a pitchfork and about $200
worth of jewelry stolen. Policeman
Rourke was detailed on the case, and on
Thursday morning arrested Phillips in his
room on Pine street. A portion of the
stolen articles were found in his room.
Perry had left the City and was arrested
yesterday afternoon at Palo Alto and was
brought to the City Prison. Perry is 21
years of age and Phillips 29. Phillips is
an ex-convict, having served a term for
burglary.
STAR OF FREEDOM CASES.
I.unriiftch and Newbert Discharged for
Want of Evidence.
For want of sufficient evidence to con
vict, the cases against Alexander Lun
disch and Peter Newbert, indicted for
stealing the schooner Star ot Freedom,
were dismissed by United States District
Judge Morrow, yesterday, on motion of
District Attorney Foote.
The Star of freedom was taken down
the coast to Mexico, and Oscar Bartels,
who assisted in running off with her, was
some time ago sentenced there to five
years in a Mexican prison. An effort by
Mr. Foote to have Bartels extradited
failed. The conviction of Bartels in
Mexico was due to the activity of the
American Consul. The Mexican Govern
ment returned the vessel to its owner,
Captain Johnson.
Miss Bocha'a Debut.
Miss Mabel Rocha made her debut In "A
Celebrated Case" at the Bush-street Theater on
Friday evening. There was a large attend
ance. Miss Rocha made a decided hit as Adri
enne. and Miss Rosclla La Faille was also re
ceived with marked favor. The support was
good.
NEW TO-DAT. _^^ _ _
SPECIAL SALE
" ■ OJE* ; : —
We take pleasure in notifying our cus-
tomers that we have placed on sale TEN
CASES ELEGANT NOVELTY SILKS (all the
latest styles) at prices that have never been
equaled in this city.
Dresden Striped Taffeta (Black Grounds) ... 65c ; worth $1.00
Two-Toned Figured Satin Duchesse 75c ; worth $1.25
Changeable Striped Taffeta. 75c ; worth $1.50
Evening Shades Brocaded Satin Duchesse — 75c ; worth $1.25
Persian Brocaded Duchesse 75c ; worth $1.50
Changeable Striped Taffeta (24 inches wide) 85c ; worth $1.50
Fancy Striped Taffeta 85c ; worth $1.50
Novelty Brocaded Duehesse 85c ; worth $1.50
Striped Taffeta (Lac« effects) $1.00 ; worth $1.75
Figured GrosdcLondres (changeable effects) $1.00 ; worth $1.75
Colored Faille Francaise, all silk, full line street shades
'..... 75c ; worth $1.25
Black Bengaline (French manufacture) — 75c; worth $1.25
Black Satin Rhadames (all silk) — ..... 75c ; worth $1.00
Black Satin Brocades (all silk) 75c ; worth $1.00
The attention of our patrons residing outside of
the city is respectfully directed to this sale.
HI, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
DQANE PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
lirtlAlln lIIAAR I stamped on A SHOE
HENSHELWODD MEANS ST N RD OPMERIT
ANNOUNCE THEIR y f\ 00 fin
CLEARANGESALE, t=^_
CLEARANCESALE, fc^3^_
TO COMMENCE ON
MONDAY, THE 6th. -^^s*- ,-, ■..i"asg.'*i n,' ""S'l*,^
all WINTER GOODS uf[ ARt SELLING CHFAP
WILL BE CLOSED OUT " L HIIL OLLLII unCHF!
RFPiARDI FS^flFPn^T We are pleased to state to our numerous ens»
ncUrtnULCOO VJ r V>l^O 1 tomers who have been awaiting the arrival of ou»
TO l\/l AW C DOrtn/I CHD celebrated ai.aska skai> SIiOES that th»
I\J iVI r\ rV I—. nU KJ IVI r rS sliipment arrived yesterday, and we are now pre-
pared to supply their demands. The Alaska Seal
jk y W I 1 w shoes are guaranteed to be waterproof, and as
IVI 5-^ \i\M they are easy on the ffc«'t and give good wear they
\_ JL^ V V are read y sellers, and the price. 1
QPDIMP 33.00,
4^5 X^ fl Hi VJT J s within the reach of all. We carry them la I<ac«
and C'onsrpss. with medium broad toes and tlpfi
_.1 „ 1 —^_ _ _. _ and double soles. We alao carry them for Youths !
C^V | "'f §f \jC T- and Boys at the following prices: }
j! I/L/Ia I Youths', sizes 11 to 2 f1 75
7^ ■ 7"Z: Boys', sizes y 2 to 6y 3 200
No old stock will be carried over if 1 . .\
low prices will effect a clearance. ' J\ A/l Pft
Remnants and odds and ends will pfh O I ill
be sold at half price, Genuine bar- Jfej^g^ ;^__ r^t«a^ | wllwW
gains can be had in all departments. &^^^^^^^^P^^^.
EG* Agents for DR. JAEGER'S g&^tS^! .
SAMTARY WOOLEN UNDERWEAR Wl y -■■■■■ -' '^^58|
for Men, Women and Children. '^ t " nf f P9*&* r '''^' 1 , * r m Z
highly indorsed by OUr best physi- I.adiea who wear Oxford Ties should take notice
rifin* RFWARE OF IMITATIONS th f* lr? J are sellln e Cloth-Top Oxford* with Oon-
CianS. BCVVAKC Wr imil AIIUIXd. gola Kid Vami*. with either pointed or medium,
square toes, with patent-leather tips, for fl 80.
These Oxfords, beintr hand-turned, are very easy
TOO ¥„„-„„ O-4- Wrm Cii 4-*- on the feet and require no breaklnnin. They ara
ioZ iiearnv btii L/Oii buttGr. "f, at fitters and wear weu an retail r«guiariyfo*
WALL PAPER! 75c -~ fM
JAS. DUFFY & CO. J^ I
Have REMOVED to J^^'&r m
No. 20 Geary Street. m?f^
uffllAl SRCUiJIjI IN Parents are reminded that we carry the hes»
*"■*■■"■ ■ ibhiwwv ■ IWIV School ShO'-s in this city, and thut we are prepared
TO CLOSE OUT LAST SEASON'S PATTERNS to Bell them cheaper than our competitors. \v»
TO flAKlf ROOM FOR THE NEW. ' i^th^S.^G.nu^ WbW^oSS 1 &Ts
WINDOW SHADES ! with spring heels, double soles and toecaps, at th*
VVli^Lyv^VV 011/\LIEiO. following low prices:
Any Color, Size or Kind Child's, sizes 8 to IOVs ?O 75
WHOLESALE AND RETAIL. ' Misses', sizes 11 to •_'■.. 100
Rirr^j TTAITQT? "i WE HAvE not moved.
IIIUUIJ nU U «3-Country orders solicited. c« w
VIIX * *IWWMUJ JWSend for New Illustrated CatalDja*
XKrae*±L±xxet ]a., X>. c?. AddreM B. KATCHINSKI,
The Hotel "Par Excellence" 1O Third Street, San Franctioo.
Of the IS atiosal Capital. First clasa in all appoln> nun \nci DHIA cHf>R r>*\
menu. U, DkWITT, Treaa. PHILADbLPniA briOK CO*
American plan, $3 per day and — — *
upward.
&&&£&>!£ DON'T PAY STORRS'
AS I HMA libivlhDY,
«RStj>lii^fer3fqß *5 to S'-^O. Buy no belt 1
c^^libf^mE^^* ll " !il .,, yoa exaillll(1 -t>lt. CUUKS ASTHMA, Stops the sevorV-st paroxysms
TWl^m 1 - PIEKCE'S. Has current In ONE MIJS'UTK. 10c, 25c and 60c sizes All
*/W* SVirJr-m? regulator and all latest im- > drusglsts have It, or any size will be mailed on
'* •■CBV * provements. Pamphlet receipt of price to v "
W r i KHCE °i a^ 8 70 R i KIBBLER'S PHARMACY
Sacramento street, Saa Francisco. CaL 1 gw. Cor. JLurkiu and Turk Sts a IUNature
as viewed
California is the paradise of the artist.
Beautiful landscapes, picturesque lakes
and strean iat drop from the sky
an d.- mist, sublime moun
tain peaka and magnificent mountain
scenery, giant trees that seem like sup
tent of heaven, rocks that rise
ali ng tt c shores and in their
y grandeur frown darkly on the vain
11 • IPITAN FROM A BEND IN THE MERCED, BY HUGO FISHER.
of the furious wave battalions !
j.r.g eternal war; hills of snow
whore flowers never die, balmy '
ountless other allurements all i
■ to make the Golden State a
aspiring Eden.
■ ;. to-day presents its readers with
f bouquet of sketches, chiefly of
scenes characteristic of California, done by i
MOUNT SHASTA FROM CASTLE LAKE, BY U. J. BLOOM KR.
some of the • artists of the "West. [
No one who has visited the particular re
gions in which the- scenes are located can !
fail to appreciate t. c faithfulness of the
sketches.
In the majority of instances the sketches
represent the result of special study of the \
subj.cts by the i irtists. The
names of many of these trtists are known
AN INDIAN FAMILY, BY HENRY RASCHLN.
to more than California fame. In fact, the
artists of the West are producing work
that must in time bring recognition from
the ■ lassie schools of the Old World. The
West is destined by nature ultimately to
be the favorite abiding place of irt and
i and song.
The peoole, as 8 rule, have no acequate
•f the difficulties met with in many
instances iv obtaining sketches. Such
work v -v often comprehends hard labor
reat expense. Artists in this West
ern country are freed, of coarse, from the
menace of severe storm- that often sur
prise the Easi even in the montti> of sum
mer, ami are therefore favored by our
equable rlimal - Cliey are often com
-Ito iv >n unfrequented mountain
trails, f: : mb ruggsd steeps, cam n in ihe
open air and brave many dangers in pur- :
suit of their ideals. In such journeys an
artist is burdened with more baggage than
any trooper carries. He must have his
chair with him, and the sketching um
brella that is indispensable, his easel, color
box and other sketching material, besides
the everyday necessary accou ferments of
travel. He must seek the best view, and
in order to arrive at that important con
clusion, he must do an almost inconceiv
able amount of climbing. The original
sketches are the actual keys to the paint
ings, and artists never like to part with
them, as they are often understood only
by the artist himself. The smallest sketch
is sometimes exceedingly expensive.
Every artist has his hobby, if so it may
;be termed. Knme prefer the mountains,
| some the marines, some the marshlands,
■ some interiors; others have the wild
flowei fancy, and others again mirror
human face and form till the canvas
seems endowed with life.
There are localities that are forever pro
lific of selections. Some of these in the
west are Bhasta, Castle Crags, Yosemite,
Kings River Canyon, Lake Tahoe, the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 189fi.
coast of Monterey ; all fields for the painter
where new fancies continuously arise and
new beauties appear in endless procession.
The wild flowers of this State are no
where equaled for beauty and variety. In
the spring of the year, the country's val
leys and hillsides look as if they had been
carpeted with green and then profusely
covered with flowers of every color and
hue. Mingled with wild grasses and foli
age, one may rind, within a short distance,
flowers thai together would exhibit as
many colors as there are tints in the rain-
Dow.
In some of our valleys, native wild flow
ers may be found at all seasons of the
year.
Flower paintine has been followed, as a
specialty, chiefly by the lady artists, who
take relined pleasure in this species of
work.
Many beautiful California flower paint
ings have won delighted commendation at
the art exhibitions. As in so many other
ways, California vies with all the world in
the richness and charms of her infinitude
of native blooms.
The pen-and-ink sketch by William
Keith treats of one of that well-known art
ist's favorite subjects, "The North Fork of
the American River." In the distance are
what are frequently called the Keith Alps.
Tiie elevation of the highest point is 9000
feet. There are patches of snow all about
the peak and rocks cropping' out here and
there. Cedar and other trees abound.
There is a good deal of glacial action there,
the rocks being: smoothed and polished
over, and then there are chaparral spots
and croppings of lava and conglomerate
rock of sandstone. To the rear of these
mountains, ut the left of t-he sketch, lies
Lake Tah'oe. Near by are Soda Springs,
and the place is much visited in me sum
mer time.
"The greatest impression ever made on
my mind by any scene," declared Hugo
Fisher, the landscape painter, "was re
ceived from a point on the Merced River in
the Yosemite Valley. There is a bend in
the .Merced, not far from El Capican. and
from there, I believe, one obtain* as grand
a picture as eye could desire. A descrip
tion of this scene, that I read in New York
several years ago, led me to take a trip to
the famous valley. There is a curious
coincidence in this regard. In the d?
scription which I read the author said
that, while gazing at the grand panorama,
a half-dozen Indian maidens approactied
the water's edge and plunged into the
Merced's cool tide, enjoying a morning
bath. It was a thoroughly Californian
sight to behold these children of nature,
THE NORTH FORK OF THE AMERICAN RIVER, BY WILLIAM KEITH.
with such a background, and it must have
awakened poetic fancy to hear the care-free
laughter of the maidens, the echoes re
bounding from the cliffs. Singular to
relate, I witnessed with my own eyes the
very same scene of which I read the de
scription in the East. I sketched it, and
painted from that scene a large picture."
The sketch by Mr. Fisher is a reproduc
tion of his favorite scene in the Yosemite.
The falls are seen in the distance thunder
ing over the cliffs from heaven. In the
middle-ground are sugar pines and other
kinds of trees and all sorts of shrubbery,
which reflect themselves in the clear
waters of the river below. The bend in the
Merced referred to is to the right of El
Capitan.
Whoever is at all familiar with sights on
the ocean beach will recognize in the pen
Bketcb by A. Joullin the sanddunes that
lie between Golden Gate Park and the sea.
The monotony of the sandy waste is some
what relieved by patches of weeds and
sagebrush, creeping vines and bunches of
long grass nearly as high as a man. Mr.
Joullin's sketch is a faithful picture of
these sanddunes.
Carl Jonnevold, a marine artist, has
made many paintings of scenery on the
Northern California coast. The sketch
shown by him on this pace represents a
view from the sea of the coast near Mendo
cino. The waves are dashing against
rocks that rise like fortresses from the
deep.
The pen-and-ink sketch of an Indian
family, by Henry Raschen, depicts a char
acteristically Western scene. It is drawn
from lite and the originals are to be found
in Mendocino County. The Indian hut is
made of redwood bark; the boy is playing
with a chipmunk, while his mother looks
on interestedly, and an aged squaw is pre
paring a meal inside the rude habitation.
A do;r comfortably dozes at the door of the
but. The picture is an effective one.
"The Grasshopper" is the figurative title
which hts like a charm the delightful
•■ketch by Arthur P. Matthews. Every
body knows the story of the grasshopper
AN OLD LOGGER'S CABIN IN 1 ill; REDWOODS, lii ... X tATIMER.
and the ants. The former met the la;ter i
on a sunny day. The ants were busily car- '
rying food to their abodes, and the grass
hopper laughed at them for laboring so
hard wnen the sun was bright and no
want existed. "You may not langh so
hard when rainy days come," suggested i
the ants. When the rainy days came the
grasshopper was compelled to go out in the
rain to find food, and he regretted his lack
of foresight. The ants could laugh at his
predicament while they comfortably
rested in their well-supplied houses. In
the sketch the grasshopper must have
SCENE ON THE NORTH CALIFORNIA COAST, BY CARL JONNLVOLD.
'aliened at the ants for carrying umbrellas
when the sun was shining. Etain overtak
rasshopper and ants, the latter, of
course, bare license to laugh.
J. .T. Rorph'uro followed the adventurous
life of .-i cowboy on the Northwestern
plains for nine years. Having undergone
THE SAND DUNES, BY JOULLIN.
the experience, he feels at home in portray
ing a stampede of stock in a hailstorm.
"In a hailstorm," observed Mr. Rorphi.ro,
"you do not have to urge norses. The
rtorni drives them crazy and they become
unmanageable. It is extremely exciting
and the cowboys have their hands full a
] such a time in handling their own horses.
■ The steeds ride up on the bit and nearly
! pull the driver's arms off. In a hailstorm
the horses all by common instinct flee pre
cipitately from the storm and run with the
wind. I have seen hailstones two inches
I thick in my experience in the Northwest."
Mount Shasta is shown as it, appears
from the immediate vicinity of Castle
Luke, in the sketch made by H. J. Bloomer,
who deems this the best view of the moun
tain obtainable. Mr. Bloomer tells an in
teresting story of the first sight of Shasta.
About twenty-five years ago, being disap
pointed in a professorship on account of
his youth, he started out into the wilder
ness to study nature. He followed a pic
turesque trail through the McCloud and
Pitt River country, and had a narrow es
cape irom hostile red men w!io were then
suspicious of all whites. In fact, the Mo
doc war was only a year in the future at
that time. The Indians mistook Mr.
Bloomer's camera and drawing utensils for
a surveyor's outfit, and the explanation
HORSES IN A HAILSTORM, BY J. J. RORPIIURU.
was made with difficulty. Government sur
veyors were in very bad repute with the red
men.
"My first view of Shasta," said Mr.
Bloomer, "was from Red Bluff. It was a
clear spring day and the mountain seemed
to hang like a wee cloud on the horizon.
Journeying on, it kept looming up over the
trees, growing bigger and bigger every
da}-. It required a week's walking to get
to the foot of Shasta. In company with
old man Sisson, the big-hearted founder of
the town that bears his name, I went up
as near the top as where the pines are
dwarfed in the rarefied atmosphere. I
MORRO ROCK, BY C. D. ROBINSON.
s
pent a year near that mountain, making
sketches and doing other congenial work,
but I never found another view of Shasta
equal to that from Castle Lake. The great
peaK. roseate in the morning sun, made a
sublime effect and the picture composed
perfectly.
"A Cabin in the Redwoods" makes still
another distinctively California!! sketch.
The artist, L. P. Latimer, has spent many
summers among the giant redwoods of the
Santa Cruz Mountains, and has made the
artistic study of redwood scenery a spe
cialty. The sketch published to-day is a
pleasing specimen of work on redwood
scenery.
A scenic wonder of San Luis Obispo
County is El Moro Rock, rising out of the
IHE GRASSHOPPER AND THE ANTS, BY ARTHUR F. MATHEWS.
shallow bay only a short distance from the
town of Moro. It is i:i appearance like a
castle, and the waters play all around its
base. It stands in solitary grandeur, and
may be distinctly seen irom a long dis- ;
tance. While C. D. Robinson, the marine i
painter, was in San Luis Obispo County a I
few years ago. he made a sketch of this
rock from Mount Benton, on Baron yon
Schroeder's Eagle ranch. From that ele- I
vation El Moro Rock seems only a stone's
throw in the distance, while in reality it is
about nine miles away. Mr. Robinson has
made for The Call a pencil sketch from
the original.
WE HAVE A NEW SMILE.
Its Origin According to an J-!ngli§h
Authority.
In an age in which so many thines are
new it was not to be supposed that we
should escape the new smile. Like many
other such inventions, it comes across the
Atlantic from America, and, like the baby
pose of ten or twelve years ago, it attacks
all sorts and conditions of women.
The wide and careless smile, more a grin
than a smile, which is the mark of thoso
who let themselves be swayed by an ill
considered mirth to the detriment of their
personal appearance, has quite gone out of
fashion. The new exercise is a slow and
dreamy expansion of the lips. It is poetic,
ami hints at great things, such as a Mfc
not understood by the ordinary run of
folk, a heart yearning for love and other
kindred subjects, and is calculated to lay
low at the first fire all but the most bu
colic and heartless of mon.
And yet the origin of the new smile is by
no means so poetic; it is merely an affair
of dentistry when its springs are analyzed.
In America as we know from books of
travel, women are forever sucking candy,
with the result that their teeth suffer, and,
though the dentists of the States are sec
ond to none, tnere are occasions when
they cannot repair the ravages of the
sweet-stuff shops. Therefore.it is not al
ways safe to smile with effusion, for it may
be that a tooth is imperfect, though not
yet ready for extraction.
The art of theiuew smile consists in con
cealing the affec ed tooth, and only show.
ing those of its companions which will bear
momentary inspection. In fact, the new
smile, like so many of its contemporaries,
is a sham, and the only good thing that
can be said in its favor is that it is not
worn by the new woman. — London Globe.
• — • — •
There are 12,000,000 «ilk hats made an
nually In the United Kingdom, worth
four million sterling.
1516
ARIZONA'S MEW RAILROADS
They Will Soon Connect Her
With the New South
west.
AN EXPENSIVE CONSTRUCTION.
A Master Stroke Made by the Atlantic
and Pacific Railway
System.
PIKES IX, Ariz., Jan. 2.— The railroads
of Arizona will soon connect her with the
new Southwest. Soon will those robust
arms of civilization bring to her feet the
markets of the world, for, while other
States and Territories have been talking of
their rich possessions and what they will
v-> with them, Arizona lias been steadily
forging links of material worth. The work
has been done so quietly that the rest of
the world, scarce suspecting her onward
marcb, is yet calling her a zoological
garden, where rattlesnakes and Gila mon
sters thrive. Little does it know that Ari
zona built more miles of gleaming steel
and sturdy crossties last year than any
other subdivision of the Union. Little
does it know that other and grander enter
prises are now maturing in the brains of
men. Theold "Hassayampers" have been
bard at work, though the sounding of cym
bals and the blare of trumpets nave not
heralded the upward march of their brawny
ranks.
The result has been that in the past year
134 miles of railroad, costing untold thou
sands, have been built, and the end is not
yet. With envious eyes has the Southern
Pacific looked upon that stroke of enter
prise by which the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad, a part of the Atchison, Topeka
-.mta Fe system, secured, through the
Santa Fe, Prescott and Pho nix Railway, a
line which it (the Atlantic and Pacific)
controls, the lion's share of Pho?nix,
and consequently Arizona, passenger
traffic For years has the Southern Pa
cific resisted the encroachments of any
railroad not controlled by it, and the con-
Bequence of this policy, so long pursued,
is that it is now contemplating right-of
way grabs that will startle the people of
Arizona as soon as they awake to the full
significance of recent events.
The preparations for securing Southern
Pacific franchises have been made with
the utmost secrecy, but when Collis P.
Huntingdon condescended to submit to
the discomforts of a long ride over the
Arizona desert, through which his railroad
runs, in order to inspect the work of con
struction upon tne Gila Valley, Globe and
Northern Railroad, those who knew him
knew he was on no pleasure trip, for
Bowie station, where he stopped for two
or three days, is not the most cheerful
spot in the world. It is, however, the
present terminus of the Gila Valley, Globe
and Northern.
To begin at the beginning— always a
good plan in a one of this kind— it will be
Been by referring to the map that the Gila
Valley, Globe and Northern Railroad is
only sixty-two miles in length and runs
from Bowie station to Fort Thomas. Its
present prospective terminus is Globe,
which Will make it when tinished 140
miles in length. The last Congress granted
this road right of way through the Han
Carlos Reservation on condition that the
Apaches be paid for their land. Pending
the negotiations construction work is not
being pushed just now. Much is heard of
the fact that the lands should be con
demned, that the Indians should be made
to take what is given them and that the
conditional clause of the right-of-way
franchise should be abrogated, but no one
Beemstoknow to whom the road belongs
and tne company refuses all information.
As a matter of fact, however, it is nothing
more nor less than a ramification of the
Southern Pacific.
About the same time that Mr. Huntins;
ton was visiting Arizona, Bowie station
and the wort of construction on the Qila
Valley. GJobe and Northern, the Phoenix,
Tempe and Mesa City Railroad, just com
pleted, and presumed to be the private
property of N. K. Maaten, Francis Cutting
and Sydney Smith of San Francisco, was,
at a secret meeting of the board of direc
tors, consolidated with tne Maricopa and
Phoenix Railroad, another spur of the
Southern Pacific, which runs from .Mari
copa 10 Phoenix, a distance of thirty-four
miles, uuder the name of the Maricopa
and Phoenix and Salt River Valley Rail- J
road. The recently completed portion of
this consolidation runs from Tempe, a j
station on the line cf the older branch, to
Mesa City, a distance of nine miles, and 11 I
projected to the Goldneld mines, distant
fifty miles east.
A few weeks ago Francis Cutting and
N. K. Masten came to Phoenix and re
mained four days, during which time they
traveled to Globe by way of the most ac
cessible route between that town and
Mesa City, it is a distance of about
seventy miles and a journey that no one
would think of taking for his health.
When I asked Mr. Cutting, however, if
this journey had any significance, he
answered, "Oh no." When I varied my
form of query and asked Mr. Masten if
the Southern Pacific was contemplating a
change of routes so that through trains
would pass through Phoenix, he looked
very wise and said he was not at liberty to
tell. I happened to know, however, that a
party of Southern Pacific surveyors will
go over the route pursued lav these gentle
men in spring. Between Gila Bend and
Bowie station, a distance of 240 miles, the
Southern Pacific has not put in a single
stick or rail of new material for three
years.
A large landholder of Maricopa County
and a citizen of Phoenix has secured for
some railroad, the name of which is not
mentioned in his application, right of way
through this city. >q one knows what he
wants with it, for, while he is a wealthy
man, he has not money enough to build a
railroad. But if all these facts do not
point very stronely to the conclusion that
the Southern Pacific will have all the
southern routes to Phoenix covered by its
own track? before another year is past, all
logical deductions count for naught.
If the deductions are worth anything,
the fate of Tucson is sealed. That thriv
ing city will be abandoned, and thus one
ol the very oldest towns in the Southwest
will sink from its present prosperity, and
decay just as did those other towns along
the line of the Arizona Central when that
road was abandoned years ago. For Ari
zona as a whole, however, it will probably
be just as well, for instead of carrying
I'ha'hix-bound passengers over the desert,
they will be brought through the richest
farming and mining sections of the Terri
tory. It will also pass through the great
San Carlos coal tields, and will make of
Phoenix the greatest manufacturing and
distributing center in the new Southwest.
Aside from this, however, Arizona has
already twelve railroads, aggregating a to
tal length of 1:275 miles, and costing an es
timated aggregate of $6,591,514. This is a
good deal for a "zoological garden," fur
hi- railroads completed run through the
richest portions of Arizona, and those pro
jected tap the best sections of the new
Southwest.
The Atlantic and Pacific, which traverses
the northern portion of the Territory a
distance of 393 miles, has developed all the
lumbering interests of this Territory. On
the line of this road is Williams", from
where only a few days ago some choice
lumber was shipped to the farthest anti
podes. The Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoe
nix, recently completed, is practically con
trolled by the Atlantic and Pacific, for
which road it is a feeder. From Ash Fork,
on the line of the Atlantic and Pacific, to
Phcenix, a distance of li"7 miles, it tra
verses the most picturesque portions of
Arizona, tapping the rich mining districts,
and has already begun to develop the vast
and invaluable quarries of building stone.
In turn, the United Verde and Pacific is a
feeder for this road. Its course is from
Banghart, on the line of the Santa Fe.
Prescott and Phcenix, to the Jerome mines.
At these mines are some of the richest
copper deposits in the world, rivaling if
not surpassing in value the famous Ana
conda and Lake Superior. On this little
road, whose total length is only twenty
seven miles, was done some of the most
wonderful civil engineering the world has
ever known. From Vulture station on the
Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoenix, the Castle
Creek Hot Springs Railway runs to the
Castle Creek Hot Springs, a distance of
twenty miles. These hot springs have
been pronounced by high medical authori
ty as the finest in the Southwest. The
road has already been surveyed and will
probably be built this year, as N. O. Mur
phy. Territorial Delegate to Congress, is
largely interested in it. From Flagstaff,
on the Atlantic and Pacific, the Flagstaff
and Southern pierces the pine forests a dis
tance of forty-seven miles. When this
road was built it was intended that it
should run down the valley of the Rio
Verde to Tucson, but the Santa Fe, Pres
cott and Phoenix supplanted it.
It is now operated by D. M. Riordan of
the Arizona Lumber Company and is used
for hauling logs from the camp to the
mills. From Prescott Junction, or Selig
man, on the line of the Atlantic and Pa
cific, the Prescott and Arizona Central runs
to Prescott, a distance of seventy-three
miles. It is deserted now. the Santa Fe,
Prescott and Phcenix offering better ac
commodations and a nearer route, so it
I was abandoned &a a non-paying invest
| ment. All of these roads are in the north
; crn and central portions of Arizona.
In the south the most important road is
the New Mexico and Arizona, which runs
from Benson on the line of the Southern
Pacific to Nogales, a distance of 287 miles.
This road is owned by the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe system, and is used by
it as a part of its route from Benson to No
gales, on the way to Guaymas, old Mex
ico, reaching this latter point over the
lines of the Southern Pacific, which it
leases from Denring, New Mexico, to Ben
son, Arizona. The Arizona and New
Mexico runs from Clifton, Arizona, to
Lordsburg, New Mexico, a distance of
fifty-six miles.
Its principal traffic comes from the Ari
zona Copper Works at Clifton. The Ari
zona and Southeastern runs from Benson to
Bisbee. seventy-three miles. It is a
feeder for the Southern Pacific, and is op
erated by the Copper Queen Mining Com
pany, from which most of its traffic comes.
The Tuc&on, Globe and Northern runs from
Tucson northerly ten miles to Camp Lowell
an abandoned United States fort, and is
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
projected to Globe. It will probably never
be built, however, since the contemplated
change of Southern Pacific route spoken
of above would supplant and make it use
less. Another projected road is an exten
sion of the Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoenix.
This road contemplates building from
Phoenix, its present terminus, to Cala
basas, via Tucson. This would displace
the lease the Atchison, Topeka and Santa
Fe holds on the Southern Pacitic lines
from Deming. N. Mex., to Benson, Ariz.,
as the first-named road would bring all its
through Mexican traffic via Phoenix.
Verily it seems as in that olden time, all
roads lead to Rome. In other words,
passengers bound for Guaymas or Mexi
ican points would be brought from Albu
querque, N. Mex., over the Atlantic and
Pacific to Ash Fork, Ariz., thence over the
Santa Fe, Prescott and Phoenix, via Pres
cott, Phoenix, Florence and Tucson, and
thence again over the New Mexico and
Arizona to Nogales, and thence over the
Mexican line owned by the Atchison,
Topeka and Santa Fe to Guaymas. This
would materially affect the Southern
Pacific passenger receipts, the latter route
being far shorter and decidedly more
pleasant.
The Denver and Rio Grande Railroad will
also enter Arizona in the near future, the
line having already been surveyed. This
line will run from Durango, Colorado,
through the Moqui and Navajo reserva
tions—thus securing all Government sup
plies intended for those reservations — to
Flagstaff, Arizona, where it will absorb
the Flagstaff and Southern, running thence
down Tonto Creek, across Tonto through
the Salt River Valley to Phoenix.
From Phoenix the San Dieco, Yuma and
Phoenix Railroad will run via Yuma,
Ariz., to San Diego, Cal. This road
is already an entity, the survey having
been made, $0,000,000 of capital stock hav
ing been subscribed, officers elected and fif
teen miles of road built from the San
Diego end. This will enable the Denver
and Rio Grande to reach the coast. The
full value of this road to Phoenix and Ari
zona can hardly be contemplated, as it
opens the Southern California markets to
the wares of the New Southwest. Truly
the day of the Southern Pacific is over, for
with the competition that will result from
the building of these many roads rates
will go down until monopoly is dead.
A survey has also been made for build
ing the Rio Grande Western from Marys
ville, Utah, to Flagstaff, Ariz. This ex
tension would tapavyst mining country
of untold richness and open a Utah mar
ket. It would also prove a great scenic
route, as the line crosses the Grand Can
yon of the Colorado at Lee's Ferry, the
only place it can be crossed, and its must
picturesque point. In that portion of the
road which runs from Flagstaff to the
Grand Canyon, James A. Fleming, a well
known California capitalist, is largely in
terested.
The Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
also contemplates entering Arizona. The
survey for this road has been made from
Liberal, Kans.,via Albuquerque. X.Mex., to
the headwaters of the Salt River, down the
Salt River Valley to Phoenix. The Denver
and Rio Grande, the Rio Grande Western
and the Chicago, Rock Island and Pacific
have always been friendly roads and these
contemplated extensions mean nothing
more or less than that they are seeking tin
outlet to the Pacific Coast. To further
this end they would use the San Diego,
Yuma and Phoenix, in which projected
road all of them are financially interested.
There is a brilliant future awaiting this
"zoological garden" over here southeast of
the Sierra Nevadas; the bright day of
prosperity has already begun to dawn; the
eastern horizon is already overcast with
the rosy gleam of brighterdays. But, like
all the newer States and Territories, Ari
zona, for her future, must depend largeiy
upon her railroads. Capital should en
counter no obstacles, for when the rails of
gleaming steel thread the mountain gorges
wherein are hid the goodly stofes of
copper and lead, coal anil iron, sil
ver and gold— when they span the
canyons where the swift waters rush
between the walls of granite and sandstone,
onyx and marble— when they traverse the
valleys where the husbandman finds guer
don meet his daiiy toil — where the butter
flies sip the honeyed tide of the altalfa
bloom — where the bearded heads of golden
grain nod with old-fashioned courtesy as
though thanking the fledgling for his
rhyme — where the golden orange gleams in
the eternal sunshine — where the sleek-fed
kine graze in meadows green, this land of
sunshine and lorgotten history will count
onward and upward; and when it does
San Francisco shall have just cause for re
joicing, for the Golden Gate, where the
masts of vessels stand like clean trimmed
: trees, offers a harbor, and the ports of
j the world a mart. Leonard £'owlkb.
A CLEVER SWINDLE.
lloyr a Couple Worked an Open-and-
Sl: ut Bank Account.
I was talking to a detectives few days
ago, and he told me of what he termed the
shrewdest swindle he had ever encountered
in his professional experience. "A man
and his wife stopped at a first-class hotel.
They were tourists, they said, traveling
for the husband's health. They ran out
of funds, and, showing a bankbook with a
very large deposit to his credit, they suc
seeded in cashing several good- sized
checks. These were returned un honored
with the information that the funds of the
funds of the drawer had been attached.
There was an ample sum in the bank at
the time the checks were given, but before
they reached it an attachment tied it up
and a subsequent judgment in the attach
ment suit withdrew the money.
After a thorough study of the case,
attorneys all agreed that it was a business
misfortune, and nothing could be done.
The same thing was done by the same
._-_-_-_,-^-^-,_-_,-_ .-_■■_ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. _^^- -w^-w—w— —
SlyfljP- \f Tlie annals of San Francisco's Bargain History are 14. Juflf*ir
jj^yUylW !to b8 EclipsBd This Week by THE MAZ E ' S offeriDgs sj^ vLK
Jaiy* * i iD tlie Yer Newest and Most Serviceable Merchandise I J^ l^- *^
r^jl^lf^ READ EVERY LINE OF THIS EXTRAORDINARY | A?W
announcement carefully. C^ql^l^
.;.-■' ■'".'."■■";l." ■■.-'■'■••_■=»■- ::.■.-■■;.■■;-
Pltlhcni You've bought embroideries be-
I -' lll *-'* *'* fore, but never at the prices you
rlf>t*ip k c can to-morrow. 250 pieces at
uci IC9. 5c that are worth up to 12V£c, in-
cluding the finest baby edgings. 200 pieces at
B%c, exquisite designs, work from 1 to IjWJ
inches, an ordinary bargain at 12^c. 15(3
pieces at 10c, 1% to 2 inches, work, worth from
15c up. 200 pieces at 12% c, from 2to 3 inches
work, worth from 20c up. 50 pieces at 15c tor
a strip of 4 yards, %-inch work on 2-inch cloth,
sold by strip only, worth 30c. We call work
the embroidery, not the cloth embroidered on,
the cloth being sometimes y to 5 inches wider.
H'lnHL'Pl* We received yesterday from a
naiiuiVCl manufacturer in St. Gall over
r*h iff 2000 dozen Swiss embroidered
CHlCld. handkerchiefs. The . sale
prices will be 10c, 15c, 25c. You'll lind them
the grandest value you've ever seen shown in
San Francisco for such money.
W/ntTlf During the holidays we were
Tvuuitu 3 obliged to pack away our
Shnf»<» Bhoea to give toys all the
- '•"*-^ 1 - room we could. Now the
shoes are back again. The stock is broken in
sizes, but if you are fortunate enough to lind
your size and a shoe to suit the price won't be
au obstacle.
J\\ 1 ! I ! Ladies, it's the trimmed-hat bargain
111 of many years to come. We want to
riPTV close out our entire stock, and have
lICI J ' made three prices— s4. $5 and $7 50
—for trimmed hats that were three-times that
amount. We intend to put our spring milli-
nery on a more pouular basis, both with refer-
ence to style and price, where you'll get more
style for less money than anywhere on the
coast. We'll have a new trimmer, with modern
ideas, and our millinery department will be
henceforth the most popular in San Francisco.
Hn«if»l*\7 »ir»rl It>s not often that you
iiu^iery anu can Dliy a 35c laa - iM .
I Indpru/pni* last black hose for
unuerwear. 10% c. You can d 0 s0
to-morrow. If you do not find this, the best
hose for the price you ever saw. then we don't
know what a bargain means. Ladies' Vests at
25c and 50c. We believe better than ever came
from a knitting-machine before for such money
THEMAZE IS HERE TO STAY.
people in several cities within a very short
time, in each case a different bank being
used as a depository, and in every instance
the funds were attached. Then i was
called in and went to work, soon having
the man and his wife under arresr. They
showed that they had deposits in the
different banks at the same "time, and the
creditors had discovered it. Every check
was good when given, and I never could
trace the money from the hands of the
man who attached the funds back to the
people who gave the checks, and they
were released, the affair never even getting
into the newspapers, no indictments being
returned. They secured a very comfort
able pile in a very short time, and have
made no further attempts so far as I can
learn."— Washington Star.
The Colored Church.
Dr. A. K. Carroll, in the Independent,
says that the aggregate of colored church
members in the United States is, in round
numbers, 2,674,000, distributed as follows:
Baptists, 1,403,589; Methodists, 1,1'J0,638;
Presbyterians, 30,000; Disciples of Christ,
18,578, and Protestant Episcopal and Re
formed Episcopal together, somewhat less
than 5000. According to the census fig
ures there has been an increase of 1,150,000
colored church members during the last
thirty years, which Dr. Carroll thinks is
unparalleled in the history of the Chris
tian church. The value of negro church
property is $26,(326,000, and the number of
edifices is 23,700.
rif£>cc finnrlc Unfortunately the front
LireSS VJUUUS) o our store does not
ortrl CLilL'c B ive one much of an
ctllU i3111\.2». idea of the magnitude
• and extent of our Dry Goods and Silk Depart-
ments, but if you'll drop in and walk through
our basement and main floor salesroom and
our factories ami mail order business on the
upper floor you'll be convinced that we occupy
as much selling space as any store here. These
prices should induce a visit:
American Covert Cloths 15c, 34 inches wide.
Fancy Tartan Plaias ) o -
Scotch Mixtures ) •" iK "
All-wool Tartan Plaids 35c, were 50c.
Silk and Wool Fancy Novelties, 35c.
Fancy Dress Goods Novelties, 37! c.
These goods are from 36 to 54 inches wide
and are made up of all the broken lines we had
in the honae from 50c to 75c a yard. We also
include a line of 54-inch cloths in solid colors.
Silk and Wool 54-inch Goods, 50c.
46-inch Black and Blue Crepons, 50c.
Every yard of these goods is cheap at sjSl.
4G-inch Niggerheads, black and colors, 75c.
Earlier in the season we'd get $1 25 for them.
Silks, fancies— 3sc, 40c, 59c, 75c.
Too much cannot be said in praise of these
values— fact the cocoons would never have
opened their shells it they'd known the silks
they were to yield were to be sold at such
ridiculous figures. There is no reason for this
sacrifice save that we want to confront you
with an entire new line of silks this spring.
Rlaflr There is no one that
OUICiV ever bought a Black
' rii«i=.ec Cit\€\/\c Dress from us that was
; L/re&s> ViUUUS. not pleased with the
i wear or the price. But buyers will be more so
when they see the goods called for by these
items.
46 or 52 inch Storm, Cheviot or Marine
Serges, 50c.
5 2-inch Serges, Gsc and 75c— not match4ble
for price.
Black Fancy Dress Goods— 2sc, 37^c, 50c.
Black Niggerhends — 50c, 75c, $lj $1 25.
Black Crepons, $I— sublime quality.
Our Niggerbeads and Crepons will beat any-
thing you can buy within 25c to 50c a yard in
this city. Examine them.
We Have Renewed Our Lease.
MISCELLANEOUS.
Z*C3ZI.-
4 ROOIViS
m> € " > r^r
Parlor— Silk Brocatelle, 5-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed.
lSeilroom— 7-Peice Klegant Suit, bed, bureau,
washstand, two chairs, rocker and table: pil-
lows, woven wire und top mattress.
Diiiiiig-Knoin — ti-Foot Extension Table, four
Solid Oak Chairs. -;. • : ;>
Kitchen— No. 7 Itanije, Patent Kitchen Table
and two Chairs. ....'"
i-iASY payments.
Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on thr Coast. Open evenings.
M. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 30G Stockton
and 237 Post Street.
JJSTFree packing and delivery across the bay. '
QRATEFUK-OOMPORTINa
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER.
• T> V A THOKOTJOH KNOWLEDGE OF TBI
Xf natural laws whiob govern tbe operatlenrof
digestion and nutrition, and by a careiul applica-
tioc «f the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr. Epps baa provided for our breakfast and supper
» delicately flavored beverage, which may sura us
many heavy doctors' bills. it Is by tbe Judicious
use ot such articles of diet that a constitution mh.r
be gradually built up until strong enough to resist
evnry tendency to disease. Hundreds of sqbtle
maladies are floating around us, ready to attack
J wherever tUere In a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well forti-
fied with pure blood and a properly nourished
frame."— Civil Bervioe Gazette.
Made simply with boiling water or milk. Bald
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
JAMES ErFS « CO., Ltd., Uouuuoopathlo
CliemistH, Loudoa, England. ■: -.:' .^
TIIESUCCESS ©FTIIE SEASON
THE LADIES r GEL ROOM
OV THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
THE 65th SEMI-ANNUAL TERM
OV THE URBAN SCHOOL, AT 2124 CALT-
foruia street, will begin on MONDAY, Jen. 6.
1896. Mr. C. Brier will begin his lectures on Phy-
sics early In the coming year. A department lor
I very young boys will be added to the school.
. NATHAN \V. MOOKK, Pricnlpal.
•■>:■:-'.'■'..■/ ■ ■ . 3
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. Secure Con.-
plete digestion and absorption of the foo;l, car a
a healthy action of the i.iverand r n-1 ■ ■•« Bowtls
i natural Ui tticix ruilou without c r ij. M.
Clnak-C $150, $250 and $350.
viuaiva. Jackets must of necessity !
Cnifc be bargains, for it takes'
OUU3 ' ■ 2K yards of cloth to make
Wl*^nnPl*c a"jacket. Can you buy ;
Wrappers*, any cloth suitable for a 1
winter jacket under $1 50 a yard? Well, these
jackets are world-wonders for the price. They i
are of former seasons, but stylish, and give I
■warmth and protection from cold, and sold j
from $5 to $25 a piece in their day. $5 jackets
in this sale formerly sold for $10 and $10 50,
and you will not believe us unless you see
them. They are so sightly that you can
scarcely credit we are willing to : part with
them for $5. Our $50 capes can be bought now
for $30, and so on down the line. $40 tan
jackets for $25. Our $5 ladies' capes and chil-
dren's jackets will surprise you. Not a house
on this continent that will put so much jacket
into a live-dollar piece.
I a^ipc' Why their weight 1
Lcimeh * • S in old rags would '
$2 SO $5 $7 SO almost bring us '
f^-pV, 3>O, a/.3U. thßt amount. If
the cloth were on the piece you'd not buy the
material for twice the price. Let your curios-
ity bring you in to inquire what beautilul La-
dies' Tailored Suits can be bought for these
prices.
WfannPl*? We start them at 81. It's
"' a HP Cr> * a good article, should bring \
•t>l 50— and then we have them at every inter-
vening price. Yon cannot buy the materials
and trimmings for the price we sell them at.
The r.erman Eiderdown Wrappers we sell at
$3 4.) should not be offered under $5.
_~ . i
Jlrilov nn»V You CBn bn y a bottle of
IMUp^ illiU Patent Medicine cheap-
I wflllllAlMM er from us than you
i tlltliutlir>>, could a case from the
Patent Medicines. Jjgri* Perfumes we
discount any drugstore price on any make.
Purity and strength is what you want and you
get them when you purchase from us. the
La Cigale Powaer at 35c and the Perfume at
50c an ounce are tho best of their Kinds made.
We curry only the best; it's the cheapest in the
end.
SllvPrPfl Fl"Hl!P« fle are closing out Bl-
till \CI tU I I dllie.>, jouterie. Silvered Frames
FiM'TPP l!l»ttl('« ? l 25e and 5Oc > formerly
1MI S lir DQLUtS) 50c and 81. Filigree
KiU'OP IoVV^II'V Cologne Bottles 25c,
Oli»tl J(>\Ul\. were 50e. Trilby Silver
Hearts 25c, sold for 50c and 75c. Czarina
Neck Buckles 15c, were 75c. Trilby Tins,
single or double hearts, 25c.
We'll Make Our Power Felt,
■
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
FRAMCISCO JVORTHPA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
. Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
Q K ? n - 7;40 ~9=2b. U:00 a.m.; 12:39,
S;3O 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays-K.xtra trl»
and 11-^o'p*' SBturd *J rB - Extra « 1:5«
SDNDAVS-8:00, 9:301 11:00 a.m.; 1:3 3:3<
6:00, 6 :20 p. v.
San Kafuel to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:25, 7:56, 0:30, 11-10 a v •
12:45 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays-Extra trip,'
at 1:55 p. M. and 6:36 p. at. *^
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. if.; 1:40, 3:40,
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Paxlc sama
schedule as above.
Leave In effect Arrive *
Ban Francisco. oct? 28. San Franc| c °.
Wkkk j SOX- ueifniVlon Snx- I Wsr«'
Days. I i>ayb. "est'nation. DAY - | t) AY s.
7:40 am 8:00 akl Novato, 10:40 am l 8:50 a*
S:3O pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 aU
6:10 PM; 5:00 pm | Santa Kosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 fm
Fulton,
7:40 am Wiudsor, 10:30 All
Healdaborg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:30 ru 6:15 px
Pieta, ! ~~~~~
7:40 am Hopland <fc
8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 rM
7:40 am 10:30
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm __ 5 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 110:40 am| 8:50 am
6:10 fm 5:00 pm i and 6:06 PMi 6:15 PM
| | Glen Kllen. | j
7:10 am 8:00 am] ha ., ono , 1 10:40 am! 10:30 am
3:30 pmJ 6 pm| SebMtopol. | 6;ospM | 0;1 6 ru
staces connect at San Kafael for 801 l nas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Bt«ires connect at Plata for Highland Spring*
Kelseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Bla«
Lakes, Laurel Dell. TJpper Lake, Boonevllle, Green,
wood, MendocinoCltT. Fort Brag?, sal, Westport,
Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh»
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, sscotla
and Eu r eica.
Saturday to Monday round-trip ttclcetaat rednoH
"onSnndays round-trip ticket* t» aU points k»
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Ohrontcle building*
H. a WHITING, ; ; B. X. RT AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pan. Agent.
« Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrlys
\&>si&xG)£iffi at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
CHICAQO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Daily, with Dinlnr-cariv
nnder Harvi-y s management. Connectim; tralni
le Th«^h£.f r "jr iIICO at 9A- v - and 3:SO p daily.
The best railway from California to the Kast
N wr «ilB. ne wtle ;no dust; Interesting scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining:
cars. *
Ticket OiHc«-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
KORTII PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD"
(Via Sausaiito Ferry).
From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1895.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 9-16, 11:00
a. M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, ti:. ti p. m
Sen QuentiQ— 7 :30, 9:16 a. m. ; 1:45, 5:15 F. X.
Extra trips for .->»u llnfnel on Mondays, We me*
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael aud San Quenlln-
-8:00, 10:00, a. 1:30, 3:00, 4:30, •0:11
r. v. *l)oes not run to San Qiir-niiri.
THKOUOH TRAINS.
7:30 a. m. weekdays — Cnzadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— and way stallona-
<l;QU a. m. Bundays— roint Seyea ana way uajloaa
[•.._., Cream Damask Towel
lilllf'HS, 16%feC 19x30, always sold
Wash Fabrics,
VI imi A Cotton Towels, $1 10 a
rluIIHtlS, dozen, better thau cheap
Tawci linen ones.
1 0 J S ■' [ Bleached Napkins, $1 13
Downstairs. adozen -
Clearance of Domestics.
This means the greatest loss in the
house. Every article enumerated is as
good as $20 pieces in the bank — but the
sweet goes with the bitter.
Cream Damask Towels, lejic.
These are heavy in quality, size 19x39;
always sold at $2 75 dozen, 25c each.
Bleached Cotton Towels, $1 10 a dozen,
cheap linen ones.
Heavy Imported Towels, better than
Three-fourths Bleached Napkins, 15c a
dozen. As white as the drifted snow,
pretty designs; worth $1 75 to $2 25.
Three-fourths Bleached Napkins; sale
price, $1 90 a dozen.
Extra quality Cream German Table
Damask; sale price, 25c a yard.
Full-Bleached Satin Damask Table
linen, extra good quality; sale price,
45c a yard.
All Linen Glass Linen ; sale price, 7c a
yard.
18-inch, Heavy, Unbleached Crash, all
linen ; sale price, BV£c a yard.
100 pieces Fancy Dress Ginghams, in
Scotch plaids, fancy zephyr stripes and
. bourettes; reduced from 12l£, 10 and
B%c to 5c a yard.
150 pieces fancy Batistes, French Or-
gandies. French" Lawns, Pongee Cloths,
Llama Cloths and Dresden Serge
Cloths, light and dark grounds; goods
reduced from 25c, 15c, 12>2C to BJ^c a
yard.
80 pieces Genuine Imported French
Flannels, light and dark colors, same
quality as sold around town for 65c
and 75c a yard ; sale price 25c a yard.
Crochet Quilts, Marseilles patterns;
jaie price JiOo each.
Best quality Smyrna Rugs, same on
both sides, size 27x'K), reauced from
$2 50 on account <>f being slightly shop-
worn; sale price $1 each.
Large-size Velvet Carpet Rugs, sofa
size, regular price $4, slightly discol-
ored ; sale price $2 50.
Extra quality Checked Nainsook, four
different patterns, regular price SJ^c a
yard; sale price 5c a yard.
Lace Curtain Serein, different patterns,
regular price 8' c; sale price 6} 4 c yard.
MORE THIS SEASON THAN EVER.
RAILROAD TRAVEL:
SOVTUERS pacific COMI»ABr».
(PAOIFIO BYHTKSI.)
Ti-aliia lettie nncl nic <lv« (o mitl »i
SAIN li(.i.\(lS(o
tr.AVE — Fp.om November 20, 1895. — abriv»
6:3Ua Haywards, >iles aad Way Stations. . lOi Isa
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogilen and East.. 8:43r
7:00 a Benicia. VacaviLp. Ilumsey, Sacra- .
in to, and Redding via DaTis.... 7:13f
7:30 a Martinez, San Kamon, Xapa, Calii-
toga and Santa Kos<i 6:15p
8:30 a Kiles, Ban Jose, .Stockton. lone.
:: . Sacramento, Jlarys*ille, Xfeil Uluff
aud Sundays excepted Orurllle .... 4 : 1 Am
•SiQOa Peters and Miltou *?:15f
9:0Oa San Leandro, Haywardst Way St'ns 11:43 a
O:OOa Los Angeles ifxprrßs, Kaymond,
(for Yosemite}, Bacta liarbara
and Los Aocelea 4:4. ip
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:45 a,
I (»:OOa San Leandio, lljywu-cls and Niles.. 1:43p
: 13:00 m San Leandro, HaywardsA Way St'ns 9:4K.e
IxOOp Niles, San Josoand LlTeimore S:-|."la,
•l:OOp Sacramento Kiver BteanMis *9:OOp
i fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stitiona 7 : J.I p
3:00p San Leandro, Haywards Way St'ns S:4lsp
4:OOp Squ Leindro, Haywards & Way St'ns G:4Sp
4:0«p Martinez, San fiamoii, Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, £1 Verano and
Santa Rosa C:lS a
*:—* Benjcia, Ksparto, Woodland,
% Kniglita LamUtig, Marysvllle,
OroTille aud Sacramento 19:43 jr
4:89p Niles, San Jose, LlTermors and ' •"■
•StoclctiJii 7«l»p
S:0Op San Leindro, Haywards h Way St'ns fe:-isj»
3:3Ui> New Orleans l^xprecs.Fresno.Bakcrs*
lield, Santa Jiarbara,l^)B Angeles,
Demtng, El Paso, New Orleans and
East :i*i4o*
8i8«p Santa Fo Koute, Atlantio Express
for MojaTe and East 10:45
«:OOp Kuropeau Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 0:1.1 a
«:««!' ll;iy\;ir(i", NNit) t s and SanJoso 7:411 a
t7:U»p Vallejo .' t7:4Sp
7:OOi> Oregou Kxpresa, Sacramento. Slnrj.»-
vilie. Keddiiirf, Portland. Puget
Sound snd Kast ]0:4(!a.
7:00p Sau LcMdro, Haywards & Way 8f ns lO:5«p
9:OOp San Leandro, Way St'os ttl«:»«A
"Sunset LJ.niltud," Fresno, Los
Angelfs, El Paso, New Oxletm
and East |nrt4n>>
ttll:lsrßanLeandro.llaywards&W>yßt'ns 7:18 a
SASTA CRnZ DITIHION (XarroiT Ganpe).
Bilsa Neiv,ir!i.Ceiitervilif,.Sii»i,lose,Fetton, ~~~~
Bouldet Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations  UiSOi
•■ilSp Nevfark, CenterTille. San Jose, New
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Waj
Stations *11 >to a
4:i."i[> Neviark. 8311 Jose andi.os t.'itos 9:38 a
[ t11:4.1r Huntere" r.rcnrslon. Ban Jose and
j SUtions ,....._ fl7 t9r
COASt DIVISION (Tlilnt U lonineml St».)
«:45a San Jose and Way Ktationu (N«w '
Aimaden Wednesdays 0n1y ),...,.. li4Bf
■iISa San Jnso, Trea Piixis, HuuU Cruz,
I'acilic Grove, Paso Robler. Han
Luis OWspo, Guadalupe uml Prin-
cipal Way Htattea* 7:©3p
j lOilO* San Jos«hihl Way 5:oor
I 11:45 a ralo Alto Hinl Way Stations 8:S0i
j # 2jBop «an Jose, Gilroy, Tres Finos, Santa
Ortiz, Salinas,Mon tcrcy and X'acitic
" .•■' GroTo # I0:40a
*3iBQjp SaiiJusoaii(irrincip»l Way Stations 0:4? a
•4:30 i» Ban Jose and Woy Stations »S:OnA
3:30p San .Tose »n<l Way Bt»tk)M *St4*A
«::»Op San Jose W«y Stations tt:3.V\
411 :tsp S»n Jose mid V. hv SMtioim t?t4.t >
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
FrsmSiS IRiSCISCJ— Foot of H«rket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:1» 9:00 11:00 a. (1:00 *3:00 t3:0l
! »i:00 JB:CO *6:00r.J«.
Rom OAIIIBD— Bro«dw»j.— «6:00 8.-00
10:004. si. 11200 *I:C3 tS:OO *3:00 tl:CO
• -5:00f.m. .
A for Mor P for Afternoon.
| • Sundays excel . t Saturdays onlj.
t Sundays only.
t \ Monday. Thursday and Sutnrrtay nlghtsi only.
anl Saturdays » Sunday s and Thurxdaj*
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerfJl aphrodisiac and specific tonic for tho
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and s>
sreat rem<vly for diseases of the kidneys and bla<?.
I der. A gre»t Itestoriitlvc, Invlgoratorand Nervine.
j t<ells on ts own Merita— no long-wlnaed testi-
! monials n«cessary.
NABJtB, kI>TS & I.KINK, Agents,
333 Market St., S. V.— (send for Ciroular.)
I COAL! COALT
[ Welliiißton fIOOO
Houthlled 9 50 ""
GennineCoos Bay 7 00-Half to» 3*50
Seattle.. • 00-Half toa 4. 00
Bryiun « 00— Hair toa *«0
I Telepione— Biack-35.
j KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO.,
t t»8 Howard Street, Near firtk.THE WIVES
of the
MAYORS of SAN FRANCISCO
Woman's gentle hand has made ltseif
munii [pal affairs here as eisewhere.
Woman's influence has been an unseen
but palpable power behind the throne of
San Francisco's mayoralty, and to the
• of that invisible power be It said
• • has never been rudely or unwisely
exercised.
•■. i lie feminine element in the ad
ministration cf governmental affairs has
appeared to perform only social and be
nevolent functions, but it has operated
quiety in more direct fashion in practical
directions.
"My husband kept me fully acquainted
with City affairs," said one of the bright
est and loveliest of San Francisco's young
matron?. "I always insisted
knowing what had engaged his atten
tion during the day and believe I feit
the Mayor's re^pon>ibilities as a
did."
I'nquestionably in this instance, as in
many others, vifely affecti I with
womanly intuition has fun ied tbe so
lution tor many a problem to the
MRS. JAMES OTIS— IB74-75.
[Sketched from life by a "CaW artist.]
masculine mind with its logic and its
slower processes.
Nine ladies have occupied the proud po
sition of counselor-in-chief to the execu
tiv. of t is City. The wives of the former
ra had much is common.
Mrs. H. P. Coon was the pioneer in this
field of honor, her husband succeeding H.
F. Teschemacher, who was a bachelor, the
first Mayor, in 1864 and holding that office
- •■ was rarely seen in public
as she was a confirmed invalid. She died
soon after the expiration of Mayor Coon's
second term. Mrs. Coon was a fine type
■ i ucated, sensitive, refined
gentle -he was slender and dark
with a face as lovely as her character,
: niguii-hed for gentleness.
ing to the delicate health of the mis
- home at the northeast
1 and California streets,
.ng alone ai that time in a neighbor
the number and ele
eanceof i( es, was the scene of
few festivities.
Mrs. McNutt, wife of Dr. W. F. McNutt,
only daughter • ■ Mayor and Mrs.
E ..■ con recall the visit of Queen
Emma of the Hawaiian Islands on her
tour around the world a ,ne of the state
occasions thirty years ago. Frederick 11.
of this City and Henry Irving Coon
of Berkeley are the sons of the then "first
lady of the City."
Next came Mrs. Frank McCoppin, wife
in Francisco's third May., rand pres
ent I'onniaster. The McCop .: residence
was then at the southeast cor;,rrof Va
lencia and Seventeenth street:--. ;y[ rs-
McCoppin was a young wife then .
with no sj ecial concern in affairs of
state. After the lapse of nearly | . : r ty
years she has grown white-haired, but re
tains the kindly face and manner that
made her a favorite in the days gone by.
. Henrietta B< Iby, widow of Th<
H. Selby. Mayor of Ban Fran isco from
I^7o to 1872, was distinguished for her hos
pitality and the magnificence of the vari
ous forms of entertainment at the mansion
on Rincon Hill. None of the wives of the
executives entertained oftener or more
lavishly. Mrs. Selby is a .Southerner and
retains traces of youthful beauty. She
divides her time when in California be-
Q her City residence. 211!) Buchanan
street, and her country seat at Menlo
Park. She is spending the present winter
in New York, where she i« accompanied
by her daughter, Miss Annie SeJby. Mrs.
Faxon Atherton of Menio Park, Percy \V.
Belby of Menlo Park and Mrs. Kempff;
wife of Captain Kempff of the navy, are
her children. Mrs. Jackson Ralston of
Oakland and Prentice Selby of this City
are her step-children.
Mrs. Lucy Otis, widow of Mayor James
Otis, lives at the Occidental Hotel. She i
dispensed hospitality with a lavish hand i
during her husband's term of office from
1874 to 1876. The residence, at 821 Sutter
street, was the scene of a unique social
function at which Mrs. Otis presided with
grace. It was a breakfast to the Japanese
n. Mrs. McAllister and James
Otis Jr. of this City and Charles Otis of
Stockton are her children, and Mrs. S. E.
Bigelow is her niece. Mrs. Otis is a lady of
distinguished bearing and a refined face,
framed with snowy hair.
I The widow of A. J. Bryant resides at
U-l Cjay street with her IS-year-old
dauehter, and between them exists a con
fidence and companionship rare even for
mother and daughter. Mrs. Bryant has a
distinct recollection of the troublous times
of the Band-lot agitation which marked
her husband's administration. To her lot
fell the honor of entertaining many nota
bles who visited San Francisco between
pears 1876 and 1880. Chief among
them were ex-President Grant and party
when making thcit trip around the world,
John Russell Young, Minister to China;
the admiral of the Italian fleet and Mayor
Brown of St. Louis. Mrs. Bryant is a
ber of Trinity Episcopal Church and
one of the board of managers of the Frank
MRS. FRANK McCOPPIN— IB6B-69.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Pixley Free Kindergarten. She has a keen,
alert intellect and a retentive memory,
which make her reminiscences exceeding
ly interesting.
Mrs. I. S. Kalloch, the widow of the
eighth Mayor, resides at Whatcom, Wash.
Her children, Mrs. Amelia Van Wyck,
Miss Carrie E. and Knapp Kalloch, "live
with her. I. M. Kalloch-, an attorney of
this City, is the other member of her fam
ily. Throughout his term as Mayor Mr.
Kalloch retained his connection with the
Metropolitan Baptist Church as its pastor,
and his wife was active in church work.
Her aid as counselor was no small factor
in her husband's administration. She was
devoted to her family and her church, and
never came in direct contact with public
affairs.
Mrs. George H. Sanderson, widow of
San Francisco's Mayor during the years
1891-92, now resides at Stockton with her
son, Dr. Harry Sanderson. She was en
titled to do the honors of hostess on the
occasion of President Harrison's visit to
the coast, but owing to her illness at that
time the duties were discharged by her
daughter-in-law, Mrs. George R. Sander
son.
Mrs. E..8. Pond is a gracious, beautiful
woman. She is a native of Ohio, but has
spent her life here since her childhood.
She is not fond of public life, does not care
for the ballot and says sne would be a dire
failure as a politician. Sne was not called
upon to entertain in any special manner
during her husband's term, although their
magnificent home at 1019 California street
is admirably adapted to. such uses. On
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
mst \\ ednesday evening Mrs. Pond gave a
dinner of thirty-two covers in honor of
Miss Grant, the betrothed of her eldest
son. It is in such pleasant home functions
that she finds her greatest pleasure. Mrs.
Pond is one of the board of managers of
the Ladies' Protective and Relief Society.
The youngest of the ladies who have so
acceptably rilled their posts as social as
sistants to the Mayor is Mrs. L. R. Ellert,
whose home is at 1915 Webster street. She
discharged, her duties when ex-President
Harrison and party, Vice-President
Stevenson and party and the Wana
maker9 were the guests of the City in a
charming; manner. Her pleasantest recol
lection of her husband's administration is
the visit of Mr. and Mrs. Stevenson. A
picture of the party occupies a place of
honor in Mrs. Ellert's parlor.
Mrs. Ellert is glad her husband is out of
public life. She is a devotee of home, al
though her beauty, intelligence and grace
would make her an ornament of any social
assemblage.
Curiously enough none of San Fran
cisco's lady Mayoresses were native
daughters of the Golden State. Who will
be the first of California's fair offspring to
grace that position?
PLAYISG TOE THE QUEEN.
How Preparations Arc Made for Per
formances at Windsor Castle.
Playing before the Queen by "royal com
mand," says an exchange, is the highest
desire of every English follower of the
j stage who desires to reach the topmost
round in the ladder of fame. The Queen
has had but few performances held before
j her of late years, and the notice in each
] ca^e has Deen very short.
When the manager of a company has
been notilied to appear with his players or
j singers for the royal pleasure, he iinme
i diately hastens to Win dsor with his scenic
; artists and stage mechanics to make ready
! for the performance. The temporary stage
: and theater is constructed and the per
| formers have special rehearsals. The gen
i eral members of the company are also
given a thorough coaching if an onera is to
! be produced, as the Queen is very critical.
The stage is erected at Waterloo chamber
— that being the apartment generally used
for the purpose — the auditorium con
structed, the royal and other seats arranged
according to precise instructions, and the
chamber decorated witb floral and other
adornments. During these preparations
in the castle those ol the Princes, and Prin
cesses who happen to be there frequently
look in and assist — their aid not being lim
ited to suggestions and directions, but
sometimes extending to moving with their
own bands this or that piece of furniture
or decoration to judge how best it should
be placed. The Queen also may "drop in"
■MKS. I. s. KALLOCU— IBBO<BI.
to inspect progress, much to the trepida
tion of officials and workmen, for all of
whom these preparations are an anxious
operation; for her Majesty has keen judg
ment and a critical and artistic eye, and
without any warning may order all that
has been done to be undone.
Simultaneously with this work numer
ous rooms are being got ready for the
coming company, while the royal chefs
and their assistants are kept busy with
preparations in their department.
At the performance the Queen's chair
faces tne center of the stage, sliirhtlv in
advance of all other seats. Right and left
arecha:rs for the members of the royal
famuy, and behind these are seats for the
ladies and gentlemen of the household and
invited guests.
A rich and beautiful programme is pro
vided for her Majesty; less elaborate but
yet dainty artistic programmes being sup
plied for the rest of the audience. Then
ti.e performance proceeds. The Queen
always leads the applause, and tne others
present take the cue from her action
beginning generally at 10 o'clock after
the late royal dinner, these performances
conclude auout midnight and then there
isarush for the good things bountifully
laid out in the several supper-rooms im
provised for the occasion. The principals,
having been presented to her Majesty, sup
in one apartment with such of the gentle
men of the household as care to join them '
the rest in other rooms, according to the
grades and distinctions preserved.
The special trains for the return home
are to leave at 1 o'clock, even though it be
Sunday morning, as it several times has
been, and for a time the thoroughfares are
alive with the visitors hurrying to the sta
tion in royal carriages or on foot. Many
of the higher oihcials in the castle accom
pany the party, and the leave-taking is al
ways cordia! and sometimes just a trifle hi
larious, in a day or two a lew rings and
brooches bearing the royal monogram—
the much-beloved "V. R."— will be for-
MRS. a. J. BRYANT— IB76-70.
[From a photograph.]
warded to the chief performers, and so
-Mids a function never forgotten by those
who take part in it.
SERIOULTUBii IN ENGLAND.
I'.rief History of the Manufacture of Silk
Across tlie Atlantic.
Thirty-five years ago England was manu
facturing six times as much silk as she is
to-day. Last year the total value of the
silk goods manufactured was. roughly,
£2,000,000; in 1800 it was £12,000,000. Tak
ing into consideration the increase in
population, the increase in the quantity
of silks which must be used, and, more
over, the considerable increase in the num
ber of purposes to which silt is applied,
one is inclined to believe that the English
silk industry at this moment indicates the
healthiest and most promising signs of an
early and total extinction. And, were it
not that during the last few years efforts
for its resuscitarion have been made in
various directions, which have been to
some extent successful, but scant hope
could be entertained of its survival.
Silk manufacture is a thing we ought to
feel we would not willingly lot die without
some strenuous endeavor being made to
avert so untimely a catastrophe? It is one
of our most artistic industries and one of
oar oldest and it has an honorable history.
Ip. the year 1183 it existed in this country;
in France we do not hear of it. until 1480*
and it was not until lul'O that it was intro
duced into Lyons.
In 1585 the influx of refugees from the
religious persecutions in France and Hol
land began and many of the persecuted
were weavers of silk. This resulted in a
quickening of the English tilk manufac
ture and we are indebted to the mis or
tunes of these countries for the good for
tune which then came to our own.
James 1 made excellent endeavors not
only to encourage silk weaving but also to
introduce siik culture, or the production of
raw silk from the cocoon, into the land,
and for this purpose the mulberry trees
that may still be found in various country
parishes were planted. Our climate, how
ever, was not suited for this purpose, for
the silkworm eggs were hatched before the
appearance of the leaves on the mulberry,
and the silkworm died of starvation. This,
however, was no permanent drawback to
the industry, as by far the greater propor
tion of raw "silk has had to be imported by
silk-manufacturing countries.
Another hundred years passed, and a
still fiercer persecution took place in
France when Louis the XIV revoked the
Edict of Nantes, and the Huguenot weav
ers once more found refuge in this coun
try. In thirty years England became an
important producer of silks, which were
chiefly manufactured at London, Nor
wich, Macclesfield and Leek. At Derby,
in 1717, John Loombe established the silk
throwing mills for the manufacture of silk
yarns which became so celebrated, and
the productions of which were sold in
Italy for better prices than Italian-thrown
silks. At the beginning of tiie last cen
tury Coventry began the weaving of rib
bons. Nottingham, in the early years of
the present century, began to make lace,
including silk lace, and eighty years ago
Nottingham was also weaving broad
goods. — National Review.
THE THEONE OF AUSTfiIA.
Emperor Francis Joseph to Choose a
Successor.
Now that the question of altering the or
der of the succession to the throne of Aus
tria-Hungary has become a matter of pub
lic discussion in the semi-official press of
Vienna and in the imperial legislature it
i may be regarded as having passed out of
; the domain of mere court gossip and of
| club rumor into that of practical politics,
, and as such lias become worthy of serious
, attention abroad. It was first mooted at
1 the time of the death of Crown Prince Eu-
MRS. E. B. POND— IBB7-88.
dolph, was revived when Archduchess i
Marie Valeric save birth to her eldest boy,
and has now come once more to public at
tention through the severe illness of Arch
duke Francis Ferdinand, who is afflicted
with consumption, and whose days are
consequently numbered. His death will,
unless the order o! succession is altered,
have the effect of rendering his younger
brother, Otto, heir presumptive to the
throne, an eventuality which neither the
Emperor nor yet the nation can contem
plate with equanimity.
For Otro is the black sheep of the reign
ing family and the most universally ex
ecrated member of the house of Hapsburg.
The estimation in which lie is held by his
countrymen may be gathered from the
fact that when some time ago he exhibited
at one of the art shows of Vienna a water
color which he had painted, representing a
wild boar surrounded by its proeeny, it
was the standing joke for people to ask
one another what they thought of "Otto's
letzte Schweinerei"— Otto's last piece of
hoggishness! He is not only a libertine,
but also a drunkard, and his behavior to
his charming wife, a daughter of Prince
George of Saxony, has been of so disgrace
ful a character that on two occasions she
has been compelled to leave him and to re
turn to her famiiy.
Once he disgraced himself by stopping a
peasant's funeral while he was outriding
with some friends in the country around
Prague and by leaping his horse back
ward and forward a number of times over
the cottin. So great was the scandal cre
ated by the incident that it wa3 brought
up for discussion in the Imperial Parlia
ment in Vienna, the well-known Deputy
Pernerstoffer declaring in a most impas
sioned and eloquent speech that it was un
just to reproach the students of the Uni
versity with excesses when the younger
members of the imperial family themselves
set such an example. On the following
day a party of young noblemen, boon com
panions also of Archduke Otto, invaded
the house of the Deputy in question and
administered to him a terrible thrashing,
injuring him so severely that he was
MRS". L. R ELLEKT— IB93-94.
obliged to keep his bed for some weeks
afterward.
Emperor Francis Joseph not only de
tests his nephew, but is known once to
have struck him in the face in a fit of fury
at some piece of blackguardism that the
Prince bad perpetrated. For he sees re
flected in Prince Otto all the Crown
Prince's worst faults, without a single one
of "Rudi's" many redeeming qualities.
To all this it may be replied by way of
argument that it is not Otto, but his father,
Arckduke Charles Louis, who stands next
to the Emperor in line of succession. But
Charles Louis, although younger than
Francis Joseph, is infinitely more broken
by age and infirmities, and besides, in
spite of his being as respectable as Otto is
the reverse, his ascent of the throne would
present, from a national point of view, al
most as many disadvantages as that of his
son. Indeed, his succession would prob
ably result in a revolution in Austria itself,
and in an insuirectionon the part of Hun
gary against the continuance of Austrian
rule.
Of all the princes in Europe this arch
duke is assuredly the most reactionary,
the most bigoted and the most narrow
minded. Throughout the present reign
Archduke Charles Louis has shown him
self a most uncompromising foe of every
thing in the nature of reform and progress.
Under the circumstances it will be read
ily understood that Emperor Francis Jo
seph, who is a shrewd and remarkably
sensible man, and who has at heart the
welfare of his people and of his dynasty,
should take steps to avoid the disasters
with which both one and the other are
threatened in the event of either his
brother or his nephew succeeding
to the crown. It is understood that
he has now definitely adopted measures to
debar them from the throne and to assure
the inheritance thereof to the eldest son of
his younger and favorite daughter Valeric,
the elder of his two girls having married a
Bavarian prince. No one knows exactly,
save the Emperor and one or two of his
most trusty counselors, what the precise
terms of the law are which govern the suc
cession to the thrones of Austria and Hun
gary, or to what extent they are suscepti
ble of modification by the sovereign of the
day. They are kept a profound secret, the
Minister of the Imperial Household being
compelled on assuming office to take an
MRS. GEORGE H. SANDERSON-169192.
IFrom a photoaravh.i
oath not to divulge the slightest informa
tion regarding them.
By many it is erroneously supposed
that the succession is governed by the so
called Pragmatic Sanction, which was the
cause of the War of Succession in the early
part of the last century. It is doubtful,
however, whether this epecies of treaty is
still in existence or whether it really re
ceived the assent of the two divisions of
the Dual Empire, for the famous Austrian
historian, Hormayr, explicitly declares
that the signatures and the docu
ments to which they are applied,
bearing the date of 1713, were for
geries, and the ' official Hungarian
papers, in response to the question raised
about the matter a few years ago by Louis
Kossuth, were compelled to admit "thai no
traca of the treaty in question is to be
found either in the Suite archives at
Vienna or Budapest. In fact, according
to the most eminent authorities in Austria
there is nothing to prevent Emperor
Francis Joseph, who has pointedly ab
stained from ever referring to his brother
or nephew as his successor, from nominat
ing as his heir to the throne of Austria-
Hungary his young grandson, Archduke
Franz.— Ex-Attache, in New York Tribune.
CHECKS DKAWN BY WOMEN.
Extent of the Drafts on Bunks That
Cater to Female Custom.
Checks drawn by women and aggre
gating in value more than $100,000 have
been cashed by a few of the banks in this
city and Brooklyn within the last three or
four days. In almost every instance the
money paid out on the demand of these
feminine checks was brand new.
For a number of years the banks that
cater especially to women have made it a
practice at Christmas time to pay out new
bills and new coin only in honoring the
checks of female depositors. Two or three
of the banks use nothing but new money
for this purpose all the year around.
As compared with the drafts of previous
years, the women of New York and Brook
lyn have been quite economical in their use
of Christmas money this year. R. C. Lewis
who is in charge of the "women's depart
ment of the Lincoln National Bant, said
that while not so many checks of large
figures had come under his observation
this year as last, he was of the opinion
that fully as many ladies' checks had been
cashed and he did not know but that the
average might run a little hieher in 1594.
All women's checks are paid with new
money at this bank.
H. C. Dv Val, although busy with Mr.
Deprew's affairs most of the time, is an
active member of the executive commit
tee of the Schermerhorn Bank in Brooklyn
of which institution he wias one of the
organizers. That bank is conspicuously a
woman's, bank, and the fair depositors
have kept the paying tellers busy for the
last ten days. Only new money is paid out
here. Saturday and yesterday were par
ticularly lively days, Mr. da Val said:
"The women have apparently curtailed
their expenditures this year. Although
their checks have been as numerous aa
last year they have averaged smaller in
amount."
Jacob R. Demarest, payinp teller of the
Bauk of New Amsterdam, said that the
woman depositors of that bank had been
active in drawing out money for Christ
mas, but he did not think that the
amounts drawn were so large as last
year's. For instance, where a woman
would have drawn a check for $150 last
year the same woman would be likely to
draw out $100 this year.— New York Times.
Abseut- Minded.
A story is told of a venerable professoi
in a Western college who rivals Sir Isaac
Newton in absent-mindedness He walked
under a sprinkler on his lawn without
noticing it til! he got indoors, when he
found ti:at his hat and coat were wet, and
looked out in surprise to see whether it
was raining.— Springfield Republican.
The chief exponents of music in Japan
are women. Most men would conside'f
that they were making themselves ridica*
lou3 in society Dy singing or playing.
1718
The rapidly waning; season growa gayer
toward its close. The past week has had
considerable of incident and interest dur
ing its sevon days, and the one that opens
this morning promises still more of enter
tainment to tne members of the gay world.
The falling of the curtain ou the winter's
gayeties is now announced for February
19. The last act of the drama, or rather
the comedy, how holds the stage and there
is that unmistakable rustle in the audience
which gives evidence that the play is near
ly over.
The week opened, as did both its prede
cessor?, with a number of theater par
ties followed by a numDer of dinners and
dances or ball.*. ]t i* di;tier.lt to always
draw a distinction between the entertain
ments known as a nance and a ball. Tne
latter term, applied indiscriminately to all
events where dancing is a feature, has to
some extent become meaningless, like the
good old names lady and gentleman in
these days, when those terms are applied
to every one no matter what their reputa
tion or profession may be. A ball is really
tt large dance, and properly speaking mean
an assemblage of at least people.
The Terpsichoreans' guests numbered
about this figure, and a? it was given in a !
large hall it may l>e calied a ball. It was i
a somewhat juvenile gathering, most of i
the girls not yet being out in society and j
many of them only thi? season's buds. A i
prettier set of girls ha? never been seen in
this City before or a prettier ball given. |
The supper was served in the usual dining
room. The cotillon \yas danced in the
large canvased ballroom, whose walls,
from base to ceiling, were lined with palms, I
ferns and garlands and draperies. The
music was particularly good, all the selec
tions having been well chosen.
The following nieht came the third
meeting of the Friday Nieht Club, a full
account of which appeared in yesterday's
Call.
Last evening came the annual dinner
and dance given by the guests of the Hotel
Richelieu to their many friends. The din
ner was followed by a very spirited dance,
which kept up until midnight, when the
guests partook of a delicious sapper.
Among those at the several dinners and
dances were: Mr. and Mrs. Peter McG.
Mcßean, Miss Mcßean, Miss Kip, Miss
Mary Kip, Mr. and Mrs. W. H. Elliott,
Morton Gibbons, Miss Ida Gibbons, Mr.
and Mrs. and Miss Emma Butler, Mr. and
Mrs. Tom Magee, Mrs. Morley, W. H.
Magee, Mrs. Samuel Hort, Miss Julia
Tompkins, Miss Ethel Tompkins, Miss
Williams, Miss Hannah Williams, Miss
Hobaxt, Walter S. Hobart, Phil Tompkins,
Mr. and Mrs. Preston, Mips Preston, Baron
yon Balveron, and a number of others.
Miss Hyde of New York has been spend- I
ing the week here with her friend, Miss '
Genevieve Goad, whose charming house is
a most delightful place to stay. It goe3
without saying that Miss Hyde has en
joyed herself and has been the recipient of j
much attention, fur she is such a favorite I
that she is sure to make friends and have
a good time either at home or abroad. At
the Cotillon Club on Friday she looked re
markably well and wore a becoming and
stunning nown.
Oakland has not often had a more
charming addition to its society than Mrs.
be ward B. McNear (nee Baroll) of Balti
more, who has lately come with her hus
band to live there. !She made her first ap
pearance in San Francisco society at the '
cotillon on Friday last and was very much |
admired. Already many luncheons, teas j
and dinners have been given in their i
honor.
We have now come to the part of the !
year when we can no longer put off any- j
thintt, except, perhaps, a visit to our poor i
relations, which may be safely left for the i
duties after the Lenten season ; but it will I
not do to defer many other things. Our I
visiting list is before us, and tne old re- I
frain of "After Christmas I will do so and
so," "and go here and there" can no more
be said. No, we must face the situation, j
and if we do not intend to give a ''tea" or
an "at home" we must start out and call I
on the "smart set" or else we are "not in
it.''
A tea, however, cancels our visiting ob
ligation, except our party calls for dinners
or luncheons, or when we wish to specially
honor the stranger within our gates.
Some witty woman said lately that "a !
tea was a great clearing-house for cards,"
and it is an unwritten law of society that i
even if we only send our small pasteboard \
representative the most exacting has no
right to say that we "owe" them a visit,
so this in these busy days is decidedly an
advantage. Visiting on old-time methods ,
has entirely gone out. Then one called j
seasoa after reason, with painstaking reg-J
SOCIETY
I ularity, and probably never saw the person
whose doorbell was so religiously rung.
Now all this is done away with. Every
one has days, or, as said just now, gives
some form of tea or Jarge reception, to
which all are bidden, and, therefore, the
social function of visiting is made much
pleasanter, for at least we really meet peo
ple and sometimes strike up an agreeable
intercourse which enables us to be quite
sociable and chatty when we meet in the
summer at the resorts.
Mr. and Mrs. M.Samuel announce 'the
engagement of their daughter, Miss Hat
tie, to Mr. I. Pespres of Chicago.
Miss Lillie Rosenblatt of Portland, Or.,
is visiting her sister, Mrs. E. Beck, at 1911
Pacific avenue. At home tirst and second
Fridays.
Dr. and Mr?. M. E. Gonzales will spend
the winter in Italy.
Owing to the death of their uncle, John
Crellin, the Misses Crellin of Oakland will
not appear in further festivities this sea
son.
EDWARD POND HONORED,
A number of dinners and other entertain
ments have been given in honor of Edward
Pond, son of Hon. E. B. Pond, ex-Mayor of this
City, and Miss Isabel Grant, daughter of C. W.
Grant, well known in insurance circles, sine©
the announcement recently of their engage
ment. The progressive dinner given by the
parents of the groom-elect on Thursday last in
compliment to them was one of the most
elaborate and enjoyable affairs of the season,
and the guests of honor were recipients of
many good wishes. The decorations were
artistic, the music excellent. In addition to
the above named there were present: Mr. ana
Mrs. Robert Douglass Fry, Mr. and Mrs. 11. H
Haight, Mr. and Mrs. John Partridge, Mr. and
Mr.-. Alpheua Bull; Mr. and Mrs. Arthur Whit
ney. Mr. and Mrs. Augustus Moulder, Miss
Butler, Miss Castle, MissMcMullen, Miss Gross,
Miss Henrietta Sheppard, Miss Annie Shep
pard. Miss Fannie Grant, Miss McNeil, Henry
L. "Wilson, Arthur F. Allen, Samuel Pond,
Charles D. Farquharson, Milton B. Latham,
Philip Thornton, Albine Whitney.
THE HOLT TEA.
Miss Grace Holt, a charming debutante, was
formally launched into the whirl of society
last Saturday through the medium of a large
tea given by her mother, Mrs. Charles Holt.
The affair was a great success, many of the
gowns exhibited were most beamitul creations
and a number of the very prettiest of Oak
land's girls were present.
AT NEW YEAR'S.
Enjoyable Festivities in Honor of the Advent
of 'Ninety-Six.
A New Year's dinner was given by Mrs. H. J.
Earle on Wednesday last.
Major and Mrs. Darling entertained a num
ber of friends at a card party on New Year's
eve at the Presidio. It was a merry party that
assembled, and at the stroke of 12 the New
Year WBs accorded a welcome and best wishes
for future happiness and prosperity were ex
tended one another. Mrs. Darling and her
daughter, Miss Catherwood, have given quite
a number of pleasant affairs of late, all uni
formly successful.
On New Year's eve Miss Ethel Kittridge en
tertained "The Thirteen Club" at Her home In
Oakland. This organization is composed prin
cipally of the debutantes of the land of Oass
and tneir meetings are held at the different
homes ol the individual members, and merry
times they have. The last one above men
tioned was no exception to the rule, and in
fact was more enjoyable than previous ones.
The parlors were decorated in cnarming holi
day effectß, principally holly and red berries
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. /.shier entertained their
friends on New Year's eve at their home on
Eleventh avenue, in the Sunset district. At
midnight the guests, in fantastic garb, sallied
forth with, tin horns, drums and other noisy
instruments to convey the information to their
neighbors that the new year had cow.
met with much success, and after their labor's
returned to the house, where a collation was
lound awaiting them.
On New Year's eve the residence of Mr and
Mrs. .lames G. Jones, 1208 Valencia street, was
the scene of a large gathering of persons, both
young and oil Miss Mabel Gertrude Jones
celebrated the eleventh anniversary of her
birthday. Her young company had assembled
in the parlor und were playing at their games,
when a loud ring at the door bell announced
the arrival of a party of older persons, coming
as a surprise to Mr. Jones, and consisting of the
members of his German and Spanish classes.
They repaired to the upper rooms, and were
soon engaged at games of cards. At 12 o'clock
refreshments were served in the dining-room,
the children having partaken of theirs earlier
in the evening. While their elders wer<s at
tablu the young people were greeting the ar
rival of the new year by the vigorous blowing
ot tin-horns.
J. Hutton Vint entertained the company
with a number of recitations. Altogether the
affair was a very pleasant one, and the hour of
2 had nearly arrived before all had takeu
their departure.
The Kamouas gave their tirst party on New
Year's eve at 531 Frederick street, the home of
one of the members, Miss Edith Trewavas.
Those present were: Miss Susie Letller, Miss
Josie-Lefiler, Miss Emma Prosek, Miss Josio
I ranks, Miss Edith Trewavas, Miss Maud Hans,
Miss Belle Hemingway, Miss Mamie Voor
sanger, Miss Kate Rooney, Miss Harriet
Rqoney, Miss Alice Dunn, Miss Rose McCor
inick, Miss Kate Games and Miss Sadie Gardi-
I ner.
The SeqOoia Club gave a New Years party at
their hall on Wetmore street. The evening
was spent in singing, dancing and games At
II o clock suppor was served and the merry
makers departed at 1 :30. Those present were :
Mrs. Loff, Mrs. Hotaling, Miss Alice Hotaline
Miss Annie Scllon, Miss Grace Rankin, Miss
a^ el , Leary, Miss Polly Smith, Miss Laura
Lieb, Miss Ida J^eill, Miss Mcta Boysen, Miss
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
Maud Cartan, Miss Laura Neill, Miss Lillie
Reynolds, Miss Lois Eoff, Miss Alice Cameto;
Messrs. Eoff, Simes, Burnett, Joseph Gallagher,
Will Cole, Charles Shcdden, Jack Renton, Joe
McEvoy, Joe Walsh, Earl Cartan, Will Stoerrner,
Jes.-ie Eoff, Eugene Dimmer.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Miss Sallie Cline at her
residence, 7:?3 Eddy street, on New
Year's eve. An elaborate supper was served
at 11:30 p.m., where the guests all stayed to
see the old year out and the new one in. Among
those present were: Miss Sallie Cline, Miss Eva
Jacobs, Mies May Seiig, Miss Celia Peehner,
Miss Lily i=u6ma"n. Miss Miriam Morris, Miss
Babette Cline, Miss Rosie Cahen, Miss Blanche
Lotz, Miss Babette Cline, Leo Susman, Milton
Auerbach, Sanz Sansberg, Lucien Simon, Joe
Levy, Henry Auerbach.
A very pleasant New Years party was given
to Miss Olive Glazier by a number of Sau Fran
■ riends New Year's eve in Fruitvale. The
eveniugwas spent pleasantly in singing, danc
ing and horn-blowing. At 13 o'clock the guests
blew in the new year. Immediately afterward
they adjourned to the beautifully decorated
dining-room and partook of a delicious supper.
Amung those present were: Miss Olive Gla
zier, Miss M. Keller, Miss P. Glazier, Miss L.
Knipe, Miss Jda Cramier, Miss Clara Clnssin,
Miss Madah Aspden. Miss Edith Craig, .Miss
Mac Sims, Miss Minnie Aspden, Miss L. A. Sims ;
Messrs. J. Sims, W. Kemp, A. Stevens, P. Burr,
A. Rountree, C. Hammond, L. Keller, C. Smith,
E. Hatfletd, P. Stackpool, J. Classen, Mr. Uoyle
and others.
An enjoyable surprise party was given to
Herman Goetz, in honor of his birthday, at the
residence of his parents 634 Green street, on
Tuesday evening last. Dancing was indulged
in to excellent music. At 12 o'clock the pass
ing of the old year was celebrated, after which
the guests adjourned to the supper-room, which
was appropriately decorated lor the occasion.
Dancing was then resumed until the wee small
hours of the new year. Among those present
were: Mr. and Mrs. L. Goetz, Mr. and Mrs. 0.
Pflaumbaum, Mrs. I. Scale, Mrs. Thall, Mrs.
M. Boisse, Miss Emma GoPtz, Misa Susie Goetz,
Miss E. Kaiser, Miss C. Wigein, Miss B. Maaks,
Miss A. Kaiser; Messrs. William Kaiser, G.
Boisse, William Westphal, P. Rourlin, J. Faunt
leßoy.S. V. Richter, \V. P. Bell, 11. Hughes,
J. E. Kramer, C. Kuser, A. Levy, Herman
Goetz, A. Gudehus and others.
Miss Tillie Euphrat of Golden Gate avenue
gave a charming New Year's party Tuesday
evening to a large number of friends. Tho
programme consisted of music, games and
dancing, and an elaborate collation was seryed
at midnight. Immediately after supper a
flashlight photograph of the guests was taken,
one of which will be presented to each guest
as a souvenir. Among those present were the
Misses Openheiiner, Misses Calisher, Miss
Queenie Nathan, Miss Minnie Nathan, Miss
Annie Graff, G. Wehser, Miss Minnie Meyers,
Miss Ella Friedlander, Henry Friedlander,
Theo Fershstand, A. Kallman, Louis Nathan,
Martin Meyer, Hugo Lyons, W. E. Wehser,
Maurice Just, Emanuel Euphrat.
THE BUDDE PARTY.
A very enjoyable evening was held at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. J. Budde of 21 Baker
street recently.
Both parlors were handsomely decorated
with evergreens and flowers, making a very
effective appearance. An address of welcome
was delivered by the host, after which speeches
and toasts followed. The fore part of the even
ing was passed in singing, dancing and games.
A great song and dance was given by Mr. Huf
schmidt,after which the guests adjourned to the
dining-room, and a bounteous repast was
therein partaken of. After the guests' appe
tites had been appeased they returned to the
parlor, where both vocal and instrumental
music was enjoyed, after which games and
dancing followed until the early hours of the
New Year, 1890.
Among the invited guests .were: Mr and
Mrs. J. Budde, E. Budde, A. Budde, Charles
Hufschmidt, Mr. Uoehue, Henry Kunls, Oseai
Tolle, Robert and diaries t-e.ha"ff t, A. Freund,
Alexander Volkmann, E. Hermann, Eugene
Kast, Henry 0. Droger, Mr. and Mrs. Kronen,
Miss Lulu Kuhls, Miss Mollie Comerfoni. .Miss
Grethe Schaii't, Miss Josephine Budde Miss
Louise Hufschraidt, Miss Dora Huischinidt
Miss Alvene Siebrecht, Miss Emma Siebrecht'
Miss Tillie Volkmann, Miss Bella Criehton
Miss Alice Walsh.
"MIDNITE'3" REUNION.
The annual reunion of the "Midnites" was
held at Mission Opera Hall on New Year's eve.
Fifty ladies and gentlemen celebrated the new
year. Dancing commenced at 9 o'clock and
continued until 12, after which time a grand
march was formed and proceeded to the ban
quet hall, where there was a tempting display
of viands. Numerous toasts were given, and
F. A. Sullivan eulogized the fair ladies in his
own inimitable way and offered the toast, "Our
Fair Midnitt-s," which was responded to by
James O'Connor. The utmost good will pre
vailed and all enjoyed the occasion. After the
supper dancing was resumed for a time. Reci
tations were rendered by Miss Kate McDon
eugh, F. A. Sullivan, P. A. Mahoney, J. P
Hayes and many others. Miss Agnes O'Brien
and Miss Margaret Gibbons rendered a charm
ing duct. Miss Loretto Miller sang the beauti
ful song "Scenes That Are Brightest," with
much applause. Miss Kittie Holland and
Miss Sadie Ross gave an exquisite rendering of
"Then You'll Kemember Me." J. I. Richards
captured all by his splendid vocal powers in
"The Brown October Ale." F. A. Mahonev as
master of ceremonies and Eugene Lacy as rfoor
manager kept up their reputations for ability
The following ladies and gentlemen partici
pated in the festivities: Miss S. J. Gibbons,
Miss M. Gibbons, Miss Margurite Gibbons, Miss
Loretto Miller, Miss Agnes O'Brien, Miss Tcsie
Roche, :kiss Annie Devine, Miss Kate Mc-
Donough, Miss Rebecca Grace, Miss Heleu
Grace, Miss Lucy Rocne, Miss N. Attridge, Miss
8. Murphy, MUs Kittie Holland, Kin s. E. Me-
Qaaid, Miss M. Rowland, Miss Eva Brolly, Miss
O. lay Miss C. Uogue, Miss M. A. Beafdsley,
Miss Joeie Mormrty, Miss Lizzie Moriarty, Miss
h. koss Miss M. Cunningham, Miss Lvdia Jor
dan; Mr. F. A. Sullivan, Mr. F. Duggan. Mr
J. Duggan, Mr. Charles McGinlcy, Mr. J. i'
Richards, Mr. D. A. Lawler, Mr. James O'Con
nor, Mr. K. Salter, Mr. George Mahoney, Mr.
Joseph P. Hayta, Mr. James Meekan, Mr. D
Gibbons, Mr. T. J. McCormack. Mr. F. Mai
honey, Mr. E. Lacy, Mr. Ed Hackett, Mr. F.
Mahoney, Mr, J. Dickson, Mr. J. F. Douglass,
Mr. F. Danton, Mr. H. Rowland, Mr. G.
Bramhall.
KICKE SUBPRISE PAETT.
An enjoyable surprise party was tendered to
Miss Lena Rieke lan Thursday evening at her
home, 1013 York street. The affair was man
aged by her numerous friends, and the even
; ing was spent in singing, dancing, games and
. conversation until an early hour of the morn
ing, when a novel repast was served. Among
j those present were Mr. and Mrs. Ricke, Mr. and
; Mrs. George McKay, Mr. and Mrs. Fred Kolden.
strod, Mr. ana Mr«. j. M. Classen, Mr. and Mrs.
D. A. Sylvester, Mr. and Mrs. \V. Straub, Miss
Lena Ricke, Mlsa Amelia Ricke, Miss Mary
O'Brien, Miss Mary Ryan, Miss Lucy Ilolden,
Miss Annie Holland, Miss Amelia Ginnia, Miss
Fanny Doherty, Miss Charlotte Fenlelus, Miss
Lizzie McDonald. Miss Klla Boyd, Miss Gussie
Wacker, Miss Annie Flnnagan, Miss Kittie
Doyle, Miss Julia McXally, Miss I. Stevens, Miss
Mary Dolan, Miss Lizzie Poyle, Miss Maggie
Shannon, R. J. Thomas, George H. Buttler,
j Henry Feitzen, Fred Becker, Henry Rupple,
! Al. McKenzie, Ernest Peterson, Joseph Lyn
| green, John Holden, Henry Winner, Dietfiek
Janseu, Olie Heilberg, Gus Bart, Charles
Kicke, Fred Kllenburger, Frank Stanwood.Gus
Whal, Thomas Kitzputrlck. James O'Brien,
Peter Duffy, Louis Mayer. George Skiverton,
John McGury, Eugene Lacey, Julius Henmng,
Lawrence Dunn, Peter l'lyim, Henry Flowers.
IN THE FUTUEE.
Long List of Attractive Events Promised Be- j
tween Now and Lent.
The eighth anniversary ball of National Par
lor No. IIS, N. S. G. \V., will take place at
National Guard Hall, 815 Ellis street, ou Tues
day evening, the 14th inst.
Mr. Andrew Bogart will give a matinee song
recital on Saturday, January 11, at Golden
Gate Hall.
The Welcome Club has issued invitations for
its leap-year party to be held at California
Hall, Thursday evening, the 16th of January.
The annual election of officers of the Ala
bama Club was held at their clubrooms last
evening and resulted as follows: President,
E award Kenny; vice-president, J. Reynolds
Slmpton; financial secretary, Joseph Levi;
treasurer, Neil Kclley; sentinel. Joseph Britt.
It was decided to hold the second grand ball at
B'nai B'rith Hall on Saturday evening, Janu
ary 18, 1890.
The eleventh party of the Golden Gates at
California Hall will be a leap-year party on
Thursday evening, January 9.
The Palms will give their second anniver
sary grand souvenir ball at Union-square hall,
•421 Post street, Sunday evening, January 2G,
The Filbert Club will give their first grand
ball of 1890 at B'nai B'rith Hall, 121 Eddy
street, Saturday evening, January 11. It will I
be the second anniversary and the club will
spare no expense in making this oue of the
most delightful ol auv yet given.
The employes of Goldberg, Boy.en & Leben
baum will give their second entertainment
1 and hop next Friday evening at Golden Gate
Hall.
The second anniversary of the Jolly Twelve
| will be celebrated by a dance to be held on the
10th inst. at Union-square Hall.
The P. D. C. gives its fifty-fourth evening
dress party at Odd Fellows' Hall on next Tues
day, January -T. It will be the occasion of the
club's third anniversary, and an enjoyable
time is assured to all its friends.
A short musical programme and a reading
by Mr. Edward W. Townsend, the popular
author, from "Chimmie Fadden," will be given
under the auspices of the Mercantile Library
Auxiliary at the Auditorium, corner Mason
and Ellis streets, on Saturday, January 11, at
3 o'cloct. Unusual interest was taken in the
annual election of the Mercantile Library
Auxiliary on Thursday afternoon, January 2,
1896. The following regular ticket was elected:
President, Mrs. Lovell White; first vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Henry Gibbons; second vice-presi
dent, Miss Sarah D. Hamlin; third vice-presi
dent, Mrs. Mary Prag; fourth vice-president,
Mrs. F. Vassault; recording secretary, Miss
Marian J. Snook; business secretary, Miss
Charlotte Thompson; treasurer, Mrs. Samuel
C. Bigelow; directors— W. P. Herrin, Miss
A. G. Catlin, Miss Tespa Semple, Mrs. Tburlow
McMullin, Mrs. Edward Probert, Mrs. Fanny
M. Lent. ____________
NEXT WOMAN'S CONGRESS
"Woman and Government" Will
Be the General Theme
of Discussion.
Mrs. Ellen M. Henrotin and Mrs.
Charlotte Perkins Stetson
Will Participate.
The Woman's Congress of 1896 la
launched.
The executive board of the Woman's
Congress Association of the Pacific Coast
met in the parlor of the Occidental Hotel
yesterday afternoon to arrange details in
relation to the congress, which will open
May 4 and continue one week.
It was announced that in addition to
Miss Susan B. Anthony, Rev. Anna 11.
Shaw and Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt,
whose services had already been engaged,
it was expected that Mr*. Potter Palmer of
World's Fair fame, Mrs. Ellen M. Hen
rotin, president of the General Federation
of Women's Clubs, and Mrs. Charlotte
Perkins Stetson, well knowiron this coast
and at present a resident of Hull House,
Chicago, would attend and participate.
"Woman and Government" was the gen
eral theme chosen for ths consideration of
the Congress.
"We chose this topic," said Mrs. George
T. Gaden, chairman of the programmo
committee, "because of the fact that Cali
fornia will soon be called upon to decide
whether or not women shall be enfran
chised, and we believed it would be wise
to arrange for a presentation of the truths
about government by trained thinkers of
this coast and the East, with a view to the
coining situation. Our aim is comprehen
sive. We want to consider the theme in
its most important phases, for instance,
analysis of povernment as a social func
tion, the birth, growth and latest develop
ment in government, the main lines of
governmental excesses and failure?, the
distinctive features of American govern
ment, and woman in fact and fiction — that
is, woman as she is in fact and woman as
viewed simply in the light of sentiment."
The opening day of fne Woman's Con
gress will be devoted to the consideration
of "Government/ 1 On May 5 "Forms
of Government" will be discussed.
"Woman" will be the theme on May (i,
"An Historic View" on the 7th, "Special
Phases of Government" on the Bth,
"Claims, Special and General," on the 9th,
and on the closing day (Sunday) the "Gen
eral Ethical Side of Government" will bs
discussed.
The programme was arranged by a com
mittee consisting of Mrs. George T. Gaden,
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, Mrs. Charlotte Per
kins Stetson and Mrs. John P. Swift. The
board which met yesterday to indorse it
comprised Mrs. Sarah 13. Cooper, Mrs. Ada
Van Pelt, Mrs. George T. Gaden, Mrs.
Nellie .Blessing Eyster, Mrs. John F. Swift
and Mrd. A. A. Sargent.
Sixty-seven papers, whose authors have
not yet been chosen, will be presented at
the congress. Gentlemen will be invited
to participate in the afternoon as well as
the evening sessions. The executive board
will hold frequent meetings to arrange de
tails even to the minutire of the conven
tion.
The committee whose duty it is to select
a place for meeting has been making a
canvass for that purpose, but has as yet
made no choice.|jlt is designed that the
congress shall not be held in a church.
The members of the board express much
exthusiasm and predict that the coming
congress will be greater than any of its
predecessors.
Miss Anthony and Miss Shaw are ex
pected to arrive the latter part of next
month or early in March to assist in the
woman suffrage campaign.
Two Days for Oelrlchs.
Judge Hebbard has granted Herman Oelrichs
two days more In which to file his bill of ex
ceptions to the order of Judge Slack denying
his petition to be appointed guardian of his
Ron. Jud^e Seawell gave him two days from
January 2 because his Rttorney could not find
Judge Slack, and for the same reason Judee
HebDard gave him two days more. He asked
for ten days, but as the case was before Jud*?e
Slack, Judge Hebbard declined to give more
than. two.
BAB ON RINGS AND HANDS
The Jewels and Superstitions of
Some Prominent
Women.
DISAPPEARANCE OF THE BLONDE
A New Idea Said to Be Afloat as to
the Survival of the
Fittest.
NEW YORK, N. V., Dec. 31.— The
woman who is best pleased with her
Christmas gifts is the one who got what
she called "the loveliest of rings." There
is something particularly fascinating
about a ring to a woman. Sometimes 1
think it is because she can look at it;
sometimes, because sh6 believes it makes
her hand look more beautiful. The girl
with a short, plump, dimplea hand ought
to make up her mind to give up every
ring except the one which is put upon her
finger during the marriage service, for
she whose hand is of the stylo described
does not add to its beauty by wearing
rings, but makes it look thick and coarse
when the jeweled bands are upon it. It
is the lady with the long, slender, taper
fingers who can wear rings advantage
ously, and just now fashion permits her to
jewel the third and little fingers of each
hand up to the first knuckle. But she
must be careful in arranging these rings.
If she chooses pointed marquise with a
sapphire or ruby set about with diamonds,
that must be the one ring on the third
finger, while the little finger may have
upon it three bands, two formed of dia
monds and one of rubies. Not to mix
one's gems is a law not only of order but
of fashion.
Bands of sapphires and diamonds are
greatly liked, not only for the real beauty
of the stones, but also because dark
sapphire tends to make the band look
whiter and more dainty. The round tur
quoise framed in a band of dull gold is
counted rather better form than a tur
quoise framed in diamonds, because one
wants to be able to consider the perfect
blueness of the stone, and not to have
this lessened by the glitter of the other
gems.
The smartest men are wearing the en
graved gold ring— that is, a square or
rouna surface of dull gold, whicli has en
eraved upon it either a crest or a mono
gram, aa if it might be a seal; and it is
used very often for that purpose. Wonder
ful rings of aquamarine have the crest or
initials cut into the stone, but are quite as
often swung on, watchchains as worn on
on the linger. American men, unlike the
Prince of Wale?, have not a great affection
for rines ; and I confess myself to thinking
that, unless a ring is an heirloom, and
essentially a manly ring, it is best off a
man's liuger. As for jewels, they should
be left to women.
A marvelous turquoise, oval in shape,
and quite deep, is set in gold and worn by
Mrs. Langtry, who confesses to the pretty
superstition'that the wearing of turquoises
keeps friends true. A square emer
ald makes whiter, by contrast, the
beautifully shaped hand of Olga Nether
sole, who hopes that it is true that emer
alds bring good health. Fanny Davenport
is seldom seen without a ruby ring, that
flashes with greater brilliancy than any
diamond, and is so deep in color that it
suggests only the oldest and most crimson
of Burgundy wines. This is a jewel with
a history. For hundreds of years it was
in the forehead of an idol in India, but,
unlike the moonshine, it has brought good
luck to its nineteenth century wearer.
Somebody asked me, what" is a beautiful
hand?
First of all, it isn't a fat hand. A beau
tiful hand is slender ai the wrist, broadens
proportionately, has long lingers, that
shape out like tapers, and when the hand
is laid flat the tip of the thumb should
almost touch the very beginning of the
lirst knuckle of the forefinger. A short
thumb is evidence of a lack of brain.
Wasn't it Sir Isaac Newton who said,
"Show me the imx>rirt of a man's thumb
and I will tell you the strength of his
mind"? The nails should be thin, oval
j NEW TO-DAY.
Ctoatts *"d§>m7S
lZo?£ear?i2/StT
Gigantic
Clearance
| Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
I;;';:
I The Annual Cape, Coat and Suit
event of San Francisco. A deliberate
! destruction of regular prices to clear j
out the balance of winter stocks.
■^ A-
i DOUBLE CAPES, Kersey or Cheviot,
■ all wool, velvet collars, blue or black, G!;/1.00
length 2-1 Inches, were $7, now only.. tjp^i
DOUBLE CAPES, like cut. blue or black
Kersey cloth. ii rows braid and cloth <JW'.SO
straps on top cape; were $9, now only »4pO
DOUBLE CAPES, fine Boucle, 4 rows
braid around collar and, cape, black
or blue, 24 inches long; were $9 50, Q»C-00
now only tjp D .
DOUBLE CAPES, fine Curly Boucle,
trimmed with band of stitched satin. fl>£».oo
length '2t> inches; were $10, now only. «JpD
FINE KERSEY JACK-
ETS, black or blue, the
very latest styles: were
* r *V ■ $9 50, now only $3.
f&K&i '■' INi: S T ROTIG h-
<2gP»n (LOTH and BOUCLE
!K • 5, JACKETS, latest styles
jirX%. _ sleevea, fronts and but-
>-y/fl%\ tons: were $12 60, now
(if ''I Wlf V VERY SPECIAL.
V \ //) 1 I / 15 ° FINE CLOTH
I iUr/ JACKETS, big sleeves,
\\lj €> &|V_j v S 00 1 materials; were
t yj| I il jj $15, .y0ur choice now
200 FINE ALL-WOOL
CLOTH- JACKETS,
black or colors; were
L. $20, choice aow $4 50.
and pink. To give them an extremely
high polish is in very bad taste, and to
make them extremely pointed is to suggest
that they are on incapable hands. Amer
ican women, as a rule, have small hands,
but they do not have beautiful hands.
English women have large hands, but
usually they are well shaped, white and
soft, though firm in grasp. French women
have small hands, well-formed hands, but
dark hands; but it is among the Spanish
and Italian women that the most beautiful
bands are found. In India the hands of
the women are Beautifully formed, ex
quisitely dimpled, indeed, have every at
tribute of beauty ; but they correspond in
color with the slightly dark faces that
belong to their owners.
American men seldom care enough for
their hands to make them anything more
than cleanly. Undoubtedly the climate
here, first hot and then cold, has much to
do with making the skin of the hand dry
and the nails brittle, but if only a little
care is eiven to the hands they respond
quickly, and certainly a beautiful hand is
a joy not only to its possessor, but to all
those who eitner look at it or touch it.
Haven't you shivered with horror as you
shook hands with him of the clammy
hand? Haven't you distrusted her whose
hands were as sbft and fat as a pincu,!i
--i ion? And haven't you felt almost fearful
l as you touched tne hand that was dry, hot
and a bit leathery in its feeling? AY lien
the ideal hand is touched, it is cool, not
cold; it is delicate, not rough, and if one
is conscious of the nail 3 at all, it is as if
one felt the inside of a shell.
Some time ago there was a fad, a very silly
one, for wearing a ring on the thumb. The
women who prefer to be conspicuous in
their get-up adopted this fashion, and a
few actors were also adorned, doubtfully
adorned, by the thumb ring. A little
search has proven that the thumb ring at
one time was dedicated to the slaves alone,
consequently, in wearing it now, one is sim
ply marking oneself as a slave to somebody
or something. First of ail, as a slave to
folly.
The wedding ring is always the same
whether it is worn by the Queen of Eng
land or she who yesterday stood behind
the shop counter, and it is in very bad
taste to have any other for the wedding
but the plain gold circle. In this country
a plain gold ring is occasionally worn by
women who are not married, and this is
questionable taste. In every other coun
try a glance at the left hand of a woman
tells whether she has a right to be ad
dressed "Madame" or "Mademoiselle." A
jeweler here says that in New Yo r k alone
there are enough plain gold rings made in
one year to encircle the entire island of
Manhattan. And somebody else has
started the question of the pins in connec
tion with them — i. c., What becomes of all
the plain gold rings? Among the Ger
mans the husband wears a wedding ring,
and I believe that this custom also ob
tains among some of the Hebrews, but
senerahzing it is the wife only who wears
the gold symbol of marriage.
Speaking of marriage, I see that some
woman has been giving as a reason for the
existence of the new woman the fact that,
by being a new woman and earning money,
she does not have to ask a man for it. Arid
then she went on to say : "The horror of
asking one's husband or father for money
is evident to all feminine minds, even
though all men are not like him who ex
claimed: 'What can a woman possibly
want with $s!'" Bother! The average
mother and daughter must be getting
dreadfully below the average if she nnda it
difficult to ask her mankind for money.
There are no women in the world who
haridle as much money as the American
women — I mean those women who have to
ask their mankind for it. And this is a
constant surprise to the English or the
French women, who get what they wish
and have it charged, but really handle
very little money in absolute cash. I
never go to the theater on Saturday after
noon that I don'tj feel like getting" up and
cheering for the American man, since
through his generosity the American
woman is having a good time. He makes
it possible for her to invite her dearest
woman friend to go out with her, to pre
sent her with a box of candy, to give her a
treat after the performance, and he is sat
isfied if his special womankind has had a
good time. English and French husbands
are not so generous. They take the women
out themselves and they get all the credit
for spending the money. I tell you our
men are fine, but we don't half appreciate
them.
Frenchmen make better sons, but Ameri
cans make better husbands. The French
man's first thought is of his mother. He
expects his wife to be subservient to her,
while the wife finds her greatest happiness
in her sons. ±fut once an American is
married all his family are secondary to his
wife, and his mother is not of very much
account until she becomes "'Grand
O/^i (^ and
C?oalfs a
iZoKeath7/Str
Gigantic
Clearance
Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
Plain figures on every garment.
No reduction from the marked price.
Send mail orders at once for adver-
tised goods.
SINGLE CAPES, Kersey or Boucle, 8
rows braid and cloth straps as in
cut above. 27 inches long, extra full, <m nOO
blueorbiack; -were $9 50, now J&D— —
SINGLE CAPES, Kersey or Boucle
plain or fur trimmed, 24 inches
long and very full, black only were rr 00
Id now «rj) iZZ
FINE SILK PLUSH CAPES, biff
wide sweeps, fur trimmed, silk 000
lined; were $12, now 0n1y.... .. $O-_
ELEGANT VELOUR DU NORD
CAPES, braided and beaded fur
NOBBY VELOUR DU NORD CAPES.
FINE PLUSH DOUBLE CAPES, fur '
tnmmed, silk lined; reduced from 760
* ' ° tjp I
Waists.
■ ■■ ■ ;* ■ _ ■ : . .
BOUCLE CLOTH WAISTS, made in
a^from^:^!?^.^^:.!!: $121
Children's Jackets.
CHILDREN'S JACKETS, fine cloths
very pretty styles, sizes from 6 years' Oft aon
\tj) ; were $7; very special price..,., <2)4---
mamma," and then Bhe is appreciated bo
cause she never forgets the children, a
standing newspaper joke is about the
woman who has to beg and worry her hus*
l band for money, or who has to steal it
from him while he is asleep. I dun't
! believe in th3t woman. I know a good
many women and a good many men, and
I don't know a single man mean
enough to . ask a woman wha
is going to do with the money
he gladly gives her; and I don't know 3
single woman who objects to asking htr
husband for money, for she knows
has it she is welcome to it as the flowers o[
May. Ana as for women stealing m<
well, I think the average American w
is sufficiently strong intellectually to
the better of a mean man, and to c
herself by forcing him to give her
money against his will. But there are a t
very many mean men. Of course tin
the exception that proves the rule, bir. : . v
is seldom a happy man, for the greattst
pleasure in life after all is the giving „•
whatever we hold best and most beau ..
ful.
It is a pleasure to have somebody re
member you, but that isn't half as pleas
ant as tying up a package that is to
somebody else.
There is a new idea afloat in regard to
the survival of the fittest. It is said by
those learned people who know every.
thing that, in both England and America,
blondes are disappearing. This learned
person says that where you found ten
'bionde women five years ago you find one
now, and in fifteen minutes' walk on :»
crowded street where 200 women wera
counted of these thirteen only were
blondes, the rest having hair that ranee d
j from light brown to jet black, and skin 3
I and eyea in harmony. Some famous Eng
lishmen who examined the hair of a thou
sand young women carve to this conclu
sion :
That the brunette was preferred to the
blonde in matrimony in the ratio of three
to two. Then he explains the growth of
the brunette in this way : "It is a princi
ple in the law of natural selection that
nature adorns its pet?, the men and women
whom it wishes to survive and continue"
I the race with such allurements as will
prove attractive to the other sex." Now,
I according to this, nature has found thac
men prefer brunettes, choose thtm for
wives, and then, through the hereditary
transmission of traits, the blonde becomes
extinct. This learned gentleman really
says "is becoming extinct, :> and doesn't
say they are extinct, otherwise I couldn't
he alive, but 1 do agree with him that
there are fewer natural blondes.
Poets, however, explain it in another
way; they claim that men love brunettes
because they are more affectionate, that
blondes make intellectual and not lovinjf
wive*, consequently the Dlondes are out o
fashion. lam sorry, but that is of no u^e
for feminine grief against science is a i
nothing against the British army, so all .
can say to the blondes is to be as perky a: \
possible about their wits, and correspond- >
ingly contemptuous of the affectionate bru
nette. The finest combination, mentally
and physically, so says a French doctor, i.<
the bionde hair, the brunette eyes, brows)
and lashes and the semi-blonde skin. Thi^
woman will never make herself unhappy*
by her affection, but she will love discreetly*
and be sufficiently wise to be an agreeable
companion. Learned doctors are great for
citing just what types of women men
ought to marry, and then if they commit
the act themselves they are just as likely
to make mistakes as mere ordinary men,
for after all doctors are no more infallible
than ordinary people who don't know the
names of the bones and the reason why
the nerves act as if controlled by Satan.
Personally, I prefer a blonde baby, a
dark man and a semi-brunette woman!
Babies with black hair always loot iilid
monkeys, while those with either fair on
i perfectly bald heads do suggest angels. Al
, dark man may be no braver than a blond«l
i one, but he looks it, and ttie girl wkhl
I black hair, blue eyes and a fair skin is aft
j thing of beauty and a joy forever, but yora
have got to go to the west of Ireland taj&
find her.
Whenever I sit in front of the lookinJß
glass and brush out my golden locks, an«
realize that the scientists say that tb'tfc
blondes are dying out, I chuckle at n3t
reflection and console myself with th/B|
verse: P
Jf bards of oM the truth have told
The sirens have raveu hair.
But o'er the earth since art had birth t
They paint the angels fair.
Like Mr. Silas Wegg, pi honored mein-1
ory, dropping into poetry h is been a weak-8
ness of all >rreit people, so added to thra
list of Disraeli, Lord Salisbury, Mr. Gam*
betta, Count Bismarck (I did "not say McM
Cleveland) comes the name of Bab. f
The applicants for the po?t of secretary*
to the city of London schools reached thief
extraordinary number of 260.
Ctoatfs a^Suil^
izo%ectztiy<3lr
Gigantic
Clearance
Sale-Cloaks
Suits-Furs.
Not "Back Numbers," but the
newest, nobbiest garments in the
city, reduced one-third to one-half
from beginning-of-season prices.
FINE CHINA. SEAL FUR CAP£B,
look and wear like real se»li silk
lining throughout, length 24 inches; ffi>l 0. 50
were $19, now only «2)XO—
27 Inches, were 8.22 50, now $15 00
SO Inches, were fS7 50. now $16 60
Any of above with Black Marten Collar $3
extra.
BLACK BALTIC SEAL FUR OAJPEB,
24 inches lon,': were $13 60, now ©7.80
only.. .;.. <3D I —
WOOL SEAL CAPES, Opossum edged,
silk lined, 24 inches long; were 0.50
; now only. O-L— —
27 Inches, were ,now $15 00
30 Inches, were , now $17 50
HEAVY TAILOR'S
Jffe? SEKGE DRESSES, box
Aii front s,jackets and skirts
f. fully lined, black or
S^&L xwS l^. blue; were $22 50, ra-
-I^u Tv\ dncedtosls.
VH fl tit J ROUGH i"o U C
\V- ti^T CLOTH DRESSES, box
gLr* >*1 j fronts, skirts and jack.-
Jf?""vrS ets fully ■ lined, many
«*•■• .-' different color effects!
ki : A were $29, reduced to
♦16 60.
>/' -a\ very special.
t.£-:''.',Z W\ 275 FINE CLOTH
LM H - DRESSES, box-jackei
&atr^->'^mKa styles and full skirt 3,
VWfj*^,' ■??->** the $15 grade; choice
now for $7 60.The Test of
Abul Hasan
the Wag
asan the Wag is a character
Lfl little no:e in Persian tradition. The
manner in which he hecameoneof the Khalee
boon-eompanions through a jest
entric ruler of Baghdad played upon
him was related in Ti:k Call of Sunday last.
The present narrative is one of the many
r. mances that center about the name of the
famous wag. The story is in itself admirably
irative of Persian character, winch in
variably chooses to gain its ends by some clev
erly contrived strate^em rather than by
straightforward means. The Persian courtier
is ever a man of ready wit, for this is largely
his means of subsistence, and the modern Per
sian is to-day very like his prototype of the
days ol Harouc-Er-Saschid- clever, witty,
lacious, sanny-natured, ready for any
manner of adventure, and more often an ad
rer than an honest gentleman. T>c
nt for life itself upoi the whims of a
capricious ruler, hold;- £»d position
by a tenure the most - und subject
to many vicissitudes at ; ■• hands of late, he is
■ the art of iving by his wits, an
..is native iondi
readily lend themselves. The jest
'. by Abu-1-Hasan might with equal
.»; regard, be practiced
to-day by a favorite boon-companion upon an
id ruler.
In the court of Haroun-Er-Raschid.
Khaleefeh of Baghdad, dwelt a man
Abu-1-Hasan, and ho was a favorite boon
companion of the Prince of the Faithful,
-chid used to take him as a com
panion when he went to pay the visit of
ceremony to the Lady Zubeydeh, that he
might divert her by his wise and witty
• -sation, for he was both a gifted and
an am rson, endowed with graces
killed in those fascinations by which
- are pleased. And the Lady Zubey
d*»h noticed that Abu-1-Hasan. when he
■ ■ her pre-ence, regarded with
re her favorite slave-iiirl, her female
.er, and the name of the damsel was
i'uad. And whenever Abu-1
. lot his regard fall upon the slave
...het-el-Fuad cast down her eyes and
i, reciting verses so that the Lady
deb perceived ti:at they were enam
the one of the other, and being mind
■ the brevity of youth <he said to the
I'rince of the Faithful: O my Lord, what
harm if we should marry thy favorite,
Abu-1-Hasan ihe Wap, to my female treas
and Er-Kascbid : 'J'his i-s a cap
■iggestion, for in t:me past he made
:. to me his inclination toward mar
aud 1 promised him a wife that
. I <■ agreeable to him, so I perceive
this wife will be none other than
>>'uzhet-el-Fuad.
So the Prince of the Faithful made Abu
1-Hasan magnificent gifts of gold and jew
els of rare i tion, and tbe lady Zubey
deh bestowed upon Nuzbet-el-Fuad, her
_nrl. a marriage portion such as the
: the daughters of kinas, and
-Hasan transferred his own patri
. that had been his inheritance from
hi- father, upon his mother, and the pair
were married. And they lived together
in the most agreeable existence for the
.-race of one year, during which time they
ived an excellent cook, and ate or the
iehcate viands as they were season
mil devoted the nights to diversion,
eating and drinking and accompanying
their voices on toe lute, enjoying a delight
ful life until their money was gone, and
found themselves possessing not
aught.
And Abu-1-Hasan said: O Nuzhet-el-
Fuad, verily this is a most embarrassing
predicament. Hast thou any suggestions
to offer whereby our discomfort may be
eased? And N izhet-el-Fuad said: O my
lord, can 8 1 thou not represent our need to
the Prince of the Faithful? And he said:
Verily I urn ashamed to do this, for the
- which is 8j > nt was triveu to me by
the Prince of the Faithful, and I desire not
that he should know how soon it is ex
hausted. But 0 -\ izhet-el-Fuad, what
tioth hinder thee from -tating the case to
tbe Lady Zubeydeh? She replied: Omy
lord, this would make me to he abashed
before her, for she granted me liberty to
marry thee, and bestowed upon me a
dowry f>uch as is the marriage portion of
LUghters of kings, an l I desire not
ie should know how quickly it hath
And Abu-1-Hasan meditate*! upon their
case, < nsidering a way out of their embar
:icaiuent, for life •■ agreeable
:. And when he had recited
some verses he looked toward Nizhet-el-
Fuad i :: There is for it nothing but
that we must each die, and she said: This
O my 1' rd, I will indeed not do, for I am
Dot] [life. llereplied: I meant
this not save for a jest, for 1 have con
trived a strategem by which we shall ob
tain each a hundred pieces of gold and a
piece oi costly cloth which we shall be aide
I for other fifty pieces. And she said :
Jo what thon dearest, only acquaint me
with ttie strategf-m.
Then Abu-I-llasan said: Spread ihou a
sheet upon the floor and I will Jay myself
it, with my feet toward Mecca," and
my eyes, and do thou tie my toes and
put upon my stomach a knife and a little
:read over me a napkin of silk,
and unfold my turhan over me. Then
dishevel thy hair about thy ears and rend
fhy vest and go lamenting to the Lady
Zutjeydeh, and when she shall inquire of
tliee concerning thy grief gay: May thy
life lonj; survive the life of Abu-1-ftasan
the Wag, for he is dead. Thereupon she
■will mourn for me, and weep, and desire
her female treasurer to give thee a .hun
dred pieces of gold; wherewith to bury me,
ami a piece of told brocade to prepare the
corpse for burial. Then when thou return
est I will lay thee along with thy feet
toward Mecca, and will tie thy toes and I
will ro to the Khaleefeh and say: May thy
head Long survive Xnzhc-t-el-Fuad, for she
is dead. And I will rend my vest, and
tear my beard, whereupon the Khalenfeh
will mourn for thee, and will command his
treasurer to u'ive me a piece of gold bro
cade, a;id a hundred pieces of gold. tl:at I
may prepare thee for burial. And Nuzhet
el-Jraad was lilled with delight, and said:
Truly this is an excellent strategen..
Forthwith she closed his eyes and tied
his toes, and did all that he had told her;
;ifter that she went to the Lady Zubeydeh
shrieking and weeping. When the Lady
Zubeydeh beheld her in this condition she
.said: What is this state in wisich I see
thee, and what has happened unto thee?
Ami Nuzhet-el-Fuad said: O my mistress,
jnay thy life long survive Abu-l-Hasan the
Wag, for he is dead. And the Lady Zubey
deh said : Poor Abu-1-Hasan the Wag, that
agreeable, pleasant man. And she wept
-or nim, and commanded her female treas
urer to give Nuzhet-el-Fuad a hundred
pieces of gold and a piece of gold trocade,
and said: Go prepare his body for burial,
and lie comforted in thy affliction, for I will
take care of thec. And Nuzhet-el-I'uad
too* the pieces of sold and the piece of silk
and departed in a state of joy, and went in
to Abu-1-Hasan and acquainted him with
what had happened to her, upon which he
ar.>se and girded his waist and danced, and
took the gold and the brocade and laid
them up.
Then he laid Nuzhet-el-Fuad along, and
did with her as she had done with him,
alter which he tore his vest. and disordered
his turban and ran swiftly to the Khaleefeh
(where he sat in his hall of judgment),
lamenting and beating his bosom. So the
Khaleefeh said: "What hath befallen thee,
0 Abu-1-Hasan? And he wept, and said :
0 my lord, would that thy boon-com
panion never had been, nor his hour came
to pas?! And the Khaleefeh said: Tell
me. He replied: May thy head long sur
vive, O my lord, Nuzhet-el-Fuad ! And
the Khaleefeh said : There is no deity but
God ! and he struck his hands together.
He then consoled Abu-1-Hasan, and said:
Mourn not, for I -will give thee a wife in
her stead. He then commanded his
treasurer to give Abu-1-Hasan a hundred
AND KHALEEFEB AND ZUBEYDEH SAW THEM LYING THUS.
: pieces of gold and a piece of gold brocade,
! and said: Go and make a handsome
| funeral for her.
And he took what the Khaleefeb had
i given him and went to his abode joyful,
j and Nnzhet-el-Fnaii rejoiced, and they put
■' these pieces of irold upon the other and the
! piece of brocade upon the other, and sat
j regarding them and laughing at each other.
But when the Khaleefeh had left his hall
; of judgment he went, in to the Lady Zubey
deh, leaning upon Mesroor, his executioner,
. to console the Lady Zubeydeh for the loss
of her slave-girl. He found her, however,
sitting weeping ana waiting for his arrival
that she might console him for the loss of
Abu-1-Hasan the Wa;. He said to her:
May thy head long survive thy slave-girl,
Nuzhet-el-Fnad! But Bhe replied, O, my
lonl, Allah preserve my slave-girl ! Mayest
though long survive thy boon-companxon,
Abu-1-Hasan the \\ng. And the
Khaleefeh smiled and said to his
eumich, Mosroor, O Mesroor, verily
women arc of little sense. By Allah,
was not Abu-l-llasan just now with me?
I'pon this the Lady Zubeydeh laughed,
• from an angry besom, saying: Have done
thy jesting, "is it not enough that Abu-1
, Hasan the Wag is dead, but thou must
• make roy slave-girl to be dead also, as
I though we had Jost them both? And the
I Khaleefeh replied : Verily Nuzhet-el-Fuad
jis the person who is dead. And the lady
I Zubevdeh said : It is Abu-1-Hasan who is
j dead, and none was with me just now but
Nuzhet-el-Fuad, who was mournin: and
weeping, and 1 exhorted her to have pa
tience, and rave her a hundred pieces of
gold and a piece of silk, and i was waiting
for thee, to comfort thee for the loss of thy
boon-companion, Abu-1-Hasan the Wag.
And the Khaleefeh laughed and said: None
lis dead but Nuzhet-el-Fuad ! And the
| Lady Zubeydeh said: No! No! No! My
1 lord! None is dead but Abu-1-Hasan the
I Wag! But the Khaleefeb became enraged,
: and the vein between his eyes, which was
; remarkable in the members of tl>e family
: of Hashim, throbbed, and he called out to
, Mesroor: Go forth and run to (he house of
I Abu-1-Hasan the Wag, and see which of
j the two is dead. Mesroor therefore went
forth, running. And the Khaleefeh said
!to the lady Zubeydeh : 1 will wager you
I niy Garden of Delights against thy pavil
ion, the Pavilion of the Pictures, that
Nuzhet-el-Fuad is dead. And she said: I
take the wager, and I say that Abu-1-Hasan
the Wag, is dead.
Now, as to Mesroor, he ran without
I ceasing until he entered the by-street
j wherein was the house of Abu-1-Hasan the
i Wag. Abu-1-Hasan was sitting in the
i window, and saw Mesroor running. So he
| paid to Nuzhet-el-Fuad: Probably the
i Khaleefeh, when I left him, hath gone
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
j in to the Lady Zubeydeh to console her,
I and she on his entrance hath arisen to
console him, and hath said: May God
largely compensate thee Tor the loss of
Abu-1-Hasan the "Wag! Whereupon the
Khpleefeh hath said: May thy head long
survive Nuzhet-el-Fuad! And they have
pers:sted in these sayiu-js and have be
come obstinate, and "have laid a wager,
and sent Mesroor to learn who of us is
dead. Do thou, therefore, lay thyself
down, that Mesroor may see thee and go
and inform the Khaleefeh, who will then
believe me. K> Nuzhet-el-Fnad laid her
self alonp, and he covered her face with
her izar, and 10, Mesroor the eunuch en
tered and saluted, and saw her stretched
out. "Whereupon he uncovered her face
and exclaimed: There is no deity but
God ! Our sister, Nuzhet-el-Fuad, is dead !
How speedy was the stroke of fate! May
Allah have mercy upon her and acquit
thee of responsibility !
He then returned and informed the Kha
leefeh of what he had seen, and upon this
the Khaleefeh said to the Lady Zubeydeh:
Thou hast lost, thy pavilion in thy play.
And he laughed at Her and bade Mesroor
relate to her what he had seen, but when
the Lady Zubeydeh Heard the words of Mes
roor she was enraged and cried out: None
is deficient in sense save he wiio bc-lieveth
a slave. And Mesroor was displeased and
said to the Khaleefeh: He spoke truth
who said: Women ore deficient in sense
and religion. Then the Lady Zubeydeh
said: O Prince of the Faithful, thou
jestest with me, and this slave deceiveih
me for the purpose of pleasing thef. But
I will send and see which of them is dead.
The Khaleefeh said: Do so.
So she called an old woman, a kahra
maneh, and said to her: Repair quickly
to the house of Nnzhet-el-Fuad and see
who is dead, and delay not thy return.
And the old woman went, running;. The
Khaleefeh and Mesroor remained, laughing.
And Abu-el-Hasan saw the kabramaneh
enter the street, so he said to Nuzhet-el-
Fuad: 0 Nuzhet-el-Fuad, it seemeth
that the Lady Zubeydeh hath not believed
Mesroor when he said to the Khaleefeh it is |
Ahu-1-Hasan who is dead, and she hath j
sent thither her kahramaneh, to see who I
it is that is dead in this house. Now,
therefore, it is best thai I lie along with ]
my fact toward Mecca, that the old woman j
may see that J :vm dead and the Lady i
Zubeydeh will believe thee. So he laid ;
himself upon the sheet and Nuzhet-el- j
Fuad coveted him and sat at his head |
weeping. And the old woman entered the ;
house and saw Abu-1-Hasan laid out. and
the slave - girl sitting at his head,
weeping und shrieking: See what
hath befallen me! Abu -1 - Hasan
hath died and left me solitary. And
she said to the oid woman: O my mother,
how goou -was ho! The old .voman re
plied : Truly, thou art excusable, for thou
wert become habituated to him, and he
was become habituated to thee. And she
added: But the Khaleefeh and the Lady >
Zubeydeh are perplexed concerning thy !
state, for Mesroor hath told them that j
thou wast dead, and the Lady Zubeydeh
declareth that none is dead" but Abu-1-
Hasan. And Nuzhet-ei-Fuad said: Omy
aunt, I was but just now with my lady
and she saw coy affliction for Abu-1-Hasan,
my husband, and she gave me a hundred
pieces of gold, nnd a piece of silk for the
burial. And s-ee thou. my condition, and
what hath befallen me. Would that I had
died, and that lie had lived. And she
wept, and the old woman wept with her,
and consoled her and went forth from
her, and told the Lady Zubeydeh what
she had seen, and the Lady Zubeydeh
said: Tell it to the Khaleefeh, who hath
believed his arrogant slave, who hath lied,
But Mesroor said: Verily this old woman
lieth, for 1 saw Abu-1-Hasan in good health,
and it was Nuzhet-el-Fuad who was lying |
dead. And the old woman said: It i.s thou !
who liest, and thou desireth to excite a I
quarrel between the Khaleefeh and the
Lady Zubeydeh. Mesroor rejoined: None
lieth but thee, O ill-omened old woman,
and thy lady beiieveth thee, for she is of
disordered mind! And upon this the Lady I
Zubeydeh was enraged, and wept.
Then the Khaleefeh smote hand upon
hand and said: I lie and my eunuch
lieth and thou liest and thy femaie slave
lieth. The right opinion is that we four
«o and pee who among us speaketh the
truth. And they all four arose, laying
wagers one with another and quarreling,
the Lady Zubeydeh und the oid woman
with Mesroor and the Khaleefeh and
Mesroor with the Lady Zubeydeh.
And they entered the street wherein was
the house of Abu-1-Hasan the Wag, and
when Abu-1-Hasan saw them he said to
Nuzhet-el-Fuad : Truly, everything that j
is slippery is not a pancake, and not every j
time that the jar is struck doth it escape |
unbroken. It seemeth that the old woman !
hath pone and related her story to the
lady Zubeydeh, and she and Mesroor have
contended" together, and so the Khaleefeh
sndthe Lady Zubeydeh and Mesroor and
ttic old woman have all four come to in
quire respecting our death. Now we will
both feign to be dead, and bandage our
eyes and lav ourselves out, holding our j
breath. And she assented to his proposal.
So they stretched themselves and' held
lir breath. lying with their heads toward
Kibleh, and covered themselves with
nd the Khaleefoh and Zubeydeh and
sroorand the old woman entered and saw i
m iying thus, and the Lady Zubeydeh
pt and said: By their assertions they
re killed my slave-girl, for I imagine I
,t she hath actually died because of her
lessive grief for the death of Abu-1- ;
san the Wag. And the Khaleefeh 1
said : Cease thy talk, for Abu-1-Hasan
came to me with his clothes torn
Id his turban disordered, and striking !
i bosom with two clods, and I gave him j
hundred pieces of gold and a piece of j
i, and promised him another wife in i
; place of Nuzhet-ei-Fuad. But it ap
irs that her loss was to him unsupporta
, so he liath died after her. So I have
n from thee thy wager. But the Lady
ueydeli denied, and between him and
■ there arose a great dispure, and be
;en Mesroor and the old woman.
Mien the Khaleefeh seated himself at
■ head of the two corpses and said : By
i tomb of the prophet of Allah! (may
God bless and save him) and by the tomb's
of my ancestors, if any one wi,uld tell me
Which of them di?d before the other I
wouid give him a thousand pieces of gold.
And upon this Abu-1-Hasan sprang up
and said: It was 1 who died first, 0 Prince
of the Faithful, so give to me the thousand
pieces of gold ami acquit thyself of thine
oath. Then Nuzhet-el-Fuad s^at tip and
arose, and the Khaleefeh and the Lady
fbeydeh rejoiced at their safety, but
beydeh chid her slave-girl, saying:
ou shouldst have appealed to me
and not have tortured my heart in
this manner. Omy mistress, replied
Rzhet-el-Fuad, I was ashamed. But as
the Khaleefeh, he was almost senseless
h laughter, and he said to Abu-l-Hasan :
an hast not ceased to be a wag. Abu-1
san said: 0 Prince of the Faithful,
s strategem I practiced because of the
dissipation of my wealth, for I am not
tenacious of wealth, and since thou hast
given me this slave-girl if I possessed all
thy wealth I should make an end of it.
Tnerefore, I practiced this strategem, by
which I obtained as an alms from thee
this hundred pieces of gold and tlie piece
of silk. And now make haste to give me
the thousand pieces of gold and acquit
thyself of thine oath.
And the Khaleefeh said: Thou re
mindest me that I promised to thee a
salary. So they returned to tlie palace,
and the Khaleefeh gave Abu-1-Hasan the
thousand pieces of gold, saying: Receive
these as a gratuity on account of thy
escape from death. And the Lady Zubey
deh gave to Nuzhet-el-Fuad a thousand
pieces, savins to her the same words. And
the Khaleefeli made Abu-1-Hasan an am
ple allowance and gave him abundant sup
plies, and he ceased not to live with his
wife in the most enjoyable existence until
they were visited by the terminator of de
lights and the separator of friends, the
devastator of palaces and homes and the
replenisher of the graves. Extolieci be the
perfection of him who is everlasting and
who dieth not!
A BAEEPOOTED WEDDING.
A Newspaper Correspondent's Experi
ence in West Virginia.
It is not far from Washington to the
mountains where people live in the most
primitive style. J. C. Moffett, the well
known correspondent, went into McDow
ell County, W. Va., on a professional trip,
and among the stories he did not write,
but preserved for private friends, is one too
good to keep out of print.
He stopped at a log cabin and was soon
on good terms with his host, who after
supper said:
"Stranger, I reckon yo' won't hey a good
time to-night."
"What is up?" queried the newspaper
man.
"Goin' ter be a weddin.' Reckon yo' kin
go with me an' the ole ooman."
The invitation was accepted and the
three started for a five-mile walk over the
mountain. When they reached the cab n
that was the center of festivities, a cracked
fiddle could be heard, and several men
hung around the doors and windows, for
none but the dancers could be admitted
inside.
They were met by a rough mountaineer,
to whom the newspaper man's presence
was explained.
"That's all right," said the newcomer,
"but tbar'a one thing. Yo' see the bride
an' groom air po', very po', an* they never
wore no shoes befo : Christmas in thar
! lives an' hain't, got none now, so them as
had shoes didn't wear 'em. Jim, the
groom, is sorter sensitive like, an' high
strung, so ef yo ; go with them shoes on he
might take it as a reflection on him an'
j the bride an' go to shootin'."
The shoes were taken off and ten min
utes later the correspondent and his host
i were dancing with the mountain belles,
i occasionally having to stop to pick splint-
I era out of their feet. — Washington Star.
LTHE HOSTS OF THE PIONEERS
When the whir of the cable is heard no more
And the lamps on the streets burn pale.
And the mist creeps in from the lonely shore
to the sound of the foghorn's wail,
Then, with muffled tread,
Come the old-time dead—
The ghosts of the Pioneers.
They come from their graves in the gold-veined mines,
From their graves in the snow-filled glen ;
They come from their graves 'neaththe brooding pines—
From the rest that is sweet to men.
Like a phantom host
O'er the bleak, long coast
Come the ghosts of the Pioneers.
They carry the shovel, the pick, the pan,
The ax or the trusted gun;
And the city is reached by the ghostly van
When the clock strikes the hour of one.
Then they form in file
And they wait a while
For the rest of the Pioneers.
Then they march by fours to the haunts of old
Through streets that are new of name;
And the stones are proud, as though made of gold,
'Neath the tread of the men of fame;
And the mist falls down
O'er the silent town
to welcome the pioneers.
as they pass each place of the early days
Each face wears a tender smile;
And each right hand, in saluting, strays
to a brow that is free from guile.
And the old-time light
Shines serene and bright
In the eyes of the Pioneers.
And some men think of the gold they gained,
And some of the gold they lost; ,
And some men think how the soil was stained
By the blood that their conquest cost.
But all are sure
That their lives were pure— -
The lives of the Pioneers.
And some men dream' of the boyhood's love
They lost when they ventured west;
Of her eyes that dazzled God's skies above,
Of her lips they had never pressed ;
And strong men weep
as they onward sweep
In the ranks of the Pioneers.
And some men sigh as they see the signs
Of the premature decay
Of a town on which God's splendor shines
And the great winds blow alway,
And a tinge of pain
Fills the hearts again
Of the rough old Pioneers.
For they hate to think that a weakened race
Should mar California's breast ;
And the Eastland's petty ways debase
The ways of the mighty West,
And some men frown
At the sleep-drugged town
That heeds not its Pioneers.
For THEY were men to the utmost inch,
ay, men e.ike the ancient greeks;
And they grieve to see their children flinch
While the stern voice of Duty speaks,
And calls them back
to the beaten track
Made clear by the Pioneers.
But 10, in the end, their eyes grow kind,
For the faith in their hearts is vast:
And they know that although some men are blind
They will fight for the right at last,
And speech will come
to men now dumb—
The speech of true Pioneers.
And a vision comes to uplift each man
Of the things that HAVE to be—
The mighty Westland in the van
With a voice like the thunderous sea
And the mark of God
Upon each sod
Beloved of the Pioneers.
And a race of great-souled men and maids—
a thousand fine— pure gold ;
And fruits and flocks, in fields and glades,
And land, unbought, unsold.
"God speed the day,"
is what they pray—
The prayer of the Pioneers.
Not a street nor an alley but feels them pass
On their lonely, but much-loved round;
Like the fading film on the face of a glass
They defile without halt or sound.
And the stray curs peer
Through the fog in fear
At the ghosts of the Pioneers.
And when, in the East, the gray-eyed dawn
First sings to each passionless hill,
And the city's life is again reborn,
And the foghorn's voice is still,
Then back to their doom
In the lands of gloom
Pass the ghosts of the Pioneers.
NEW TO-DAT.
wAslSFiiiS?
Financial Worry and Physical Exer-
tion Not the Greatest Destroyer
of Human Life.
For Humanity's Sake, After Thirty-Six Year*
of Nerve-Creeping Slavery, He Tells
How He Was et Free.
OALDWELL, N. J., Jan. One of our
prominent citizens, S. J. Gould, who has
suffered terribly from tobacco treruens,
has, in behalf of humanity, made known
his frightful experience. In his written
statement, which is attracting widespread
attention, he says: "I commenced using
tobacco at thirteen. lam now forty-nine,
so for thirty-six years 1 chewed, smoked,
snuffed and rubbed snuff till my skin
turned a tobacco-brown and cold, sticky
perspiration oozed from my skin anil
trickled down my back at the least exer-
tion or excitement. My norre, vigor and
my life were being slowly sapped. ' I made
up my mind that I had to quit tobacco or
die. I tried to stop tobacco time and
again, but could not. I saw doable and
my memory was beyond control, but I still
knew how to chew and smoke, which I did
all day until toward night, when my sys-
tem got tobacco-soaked again. Finally I
cave up in despair, as I thought that I
could not cure myself.
"Now, for suffering humanity, I'll tell
what saved my life. Providence evidcutlv
answered my good wife 9 prayers and
brought to her attention a booklet called
'Don't Tobacco 6pit and Smoke Your Life
Away What a sermon and warning in
these words! Just what I was doing. It
told about a guaranteed cure for the to-
bacco habit called No-To-Bac. I sent to
Druggist Hasler for a box. Without a
grain of faith I spat out my tobacco cud
and put into my mouth a little tablet
upon which was stamped No-To-Bac. I
know it sounds like a lie when I tell you
that. 1 took eight tablets the lirst day,
seven the next, five the third day, and all
the nerve-creeping feeling, restlessness and
mental depression was gone. It was too
good to be true. It seemed like a dream.
I used one box. It cost me $1, and it is
worth a thousand. I gained ten pounds
in weight and lost all desire for tobacco
from the first day. I sleep and eat well,
and I have been benefited in more ways
than I can tell.
"I tirmly believe No-To-Bac will cure
any case of tobacco-using if faithfully
tried, and there are thousands of tobacco
slaves who ought to know how easy it is to
get free. There's happiness in No-To-Bac
for the prematurely old men who think as
I did that they are old and worn out,
when tobacco is the thine that destroys
their vitality and manhood."
"The public should be warned, however,
against the purchase of any of the many
imitations on the market, as the success of
No-To-Bac has brought forth a host of
counterfeiters and imitators. The genuine
No-To-Bac is made by The Sterling Rem-
edy Co.. Chicago, Montreal and New York,
and sold under a guarantee to cure by all
druggists, and every tablet has the word,
No-To-Bac plainly stamped thereon. You,
run no physical or financial risk in pur-
chasing the genuine article."
Something
For
Men!
We know the HAT TRADE,
that's the reason we can
give you BETTER HATS
for the money than you can
buy anywhere.
FEDORA HATS, (hi Pf]
Latest Style - - - $1,011
STIFF HATS - - - - $2.00
GRIPMEN'S MITTENS - - - 25c
MEN'S KID GLOVES- $1.00
Wool Lined IjLU ¥ JjU " " $I,UU
Gentlemen's Woolen Gloves 75c
ALL-WOOL SWEATERS-- $1.00
TTWTTITIT'T TII fl Yarn d ed Ser e $1.00
U KKH I A \ Close roll steel rod $1.50
j U^iilDllßljijnO Fine Natural c ro j2. 50
! HaBSBBSaHHBHnHHI a " s '"* - - - $2.50
CUTDfPO Double Back, np n
DflllllO, Linen Bosom --/Jlj
Fowler and QinViTU CO
Ben-Hur--DiUlbLCd
BR.WOMWOO jp\
Chinese Drugs lr£- '"^voSSL
and Tea and Herb flsT
Sanitarium, frY Hn
I 776 CLAY STJ&KET, |3j^ i g** <»
: Bet. Kearny and Dupont, K*oj raj^. Vf
San .Francisco. F**/ /^
1 have been troubled | i , . jlf
' for two years with In- ff Jmj9 \ -•■ -,
I flammation of the lunf^ V \intV * t^ A
\ and heart disease, and f \s?i?i\ A •
was unable to lind re- j£ \?**£ jJf\ .j£S
lief by any physician fc3fe*t«... -jdfiS? VJg*s3
I was treated for thre< ?^^6i^^7 i/?^
weeks by Dr. Woi« W oo R'£\SfcS-2yj£J£ JflPh
and perfectly restored to WtiGt&&H&^l@miij'''ill
health. JOHN BEG V&XSBlSgSsg&tyimls.-m
Six Mile House, Mission Eoad.
ttEKTEL/ftfl?
' KEMNR.'.
TSTHEVERY BEST OXE TO EXAMINE YOUR
J- ©yes anrl tit the:n to Spectacles or Eyeglaaaei
I with instruments of his own invention, whose
\ •nperiority has cot been equaled. My succeu aw
; been due to the merits of my wat'.z.
Office Hours— l 3 to ± P. m.
PUg l^ ITCHING PILES
i ABSO^TBLT CUEB3. OSOTMENT
i SYMI*I OIIS- Jd»i«turr; «ntn«o itchlns and
■tinslnc; in out at ulg-hi; w«r«e by artitchTnir. If
allowed t-» continue tumor* form aa<l protrude,
•rehlcb i>ften bWil ond ulccrnle, becoming very
eorc BWATSF.'S OINTMRM »top» the ltcblna
end blre.'.lug. hcnln ulceratlon, nn<l In in oat data)
TCBeves the turners. *iX jour Drvgjin for 1L
1920
Win 8^
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
fo!!y v 1 Sunday cam., onev.eek, by carrier. .$0.15 j
Dally end Snndajr Call, one year, by mail — 6.00 '
l>i]y r.nd «■ nnrtoy Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
I sily r.n<l Sunday Calj,, three months by mall 1.50
Jciiy and Sunday Caj i. one month, by mail.. .65
fcunri«y i am . one year, by mail 1.50
IFnaUY Calx, one year, by mail 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Slarket Street,
San'i'rancisco, California.
Telephone Matn-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
6?0 Montgomery 6trcet, corner Clay; open until •
f :JC O'clock.
{■:-p n»res street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 Lari.'.r> street; open until 0:S0 o'clock.
fcW.ccrrssr Sixteenth uud Mission sireeis: open
i: • . t o'clock.
'.lit illsslon street; open until 9 o'clock.
iit> 2\inth btreet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
OCs Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, Xew York City.
DAVID Al. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
MNI'AY. JANUARY 5,1696
1 THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
About i: the repentant sinner
is the fellow who repents his swear-off.
While Armenia burns, the nations are
busy throwing cold water on one another.
Tne Transvaal affair may turn out to be
something more than an episode of the
■
Kair-cr William's congratulations to the
si ..;o the English as a tritle
is !;.
Leap year is now sufficiently advanced
girls to be sending in their ul
::ns.
It is a sure thine that if at this time the
so well prepared for war
there would be war.
The ambition of Boston is boundless,
■ants one of her newsboys appointed
the £ Date.
Santa Claus would have pleased the
farmers better if he had put some rain in
the Weather Bureau.
Tbe year is not yet a week old and
already we hav< had three festivals under
way to make it move lively.
Sherman's speech would have been much
better if he had not put a goldbug rider on
ttie protection elephant.
Chamberlain's vigorous colonial policy
has had just enough movement in it to
stir the soup everywhere.
From the prizes we took at Atlanta it
would seem that while it was a -Southern
exposition it was our show.
When Havana is taken the Spaniards
will send out a telegram saying the Cubans
are only holding their own.
When Dr. Jameson started his invasion
of the Transvaal he lost his head and will
be lucky if he saves his body.
The European concert is programmed
for a hymn to peace, but all tne powers
teep on humming war songs.
What would it profit the Senate to
defeat the bond bill and let Cleveland
continue to issue bonds in the old way?
When it comes to the industry of
diversified festivals vre lead the Union and
defy competition eitherat home or abroad.
If we do not recognize Cuban independ
ence from a friendly sentiment we may
soon have to recognize it as a matter of
fact.
As all quarters of the world warn John
801 l to keep off the grass there seems to
be no movement open to him but to take
water.
Every citizen should do his share in the
fight to prevent the monopoly from getting
another cinch on the industries of Cali
fornia.
The Philadelphia streetcar men who
tried to make it warm for the roads by
btriking have only made it hot for them
selves.
Sherman told the Senators "Time makes
all things even,'' and he was probably
thinking of the time when he published
his book.
It becomes more evident every day that
the locations of the European powers in
Central Africa are mainly made up of dis
locations.
Ii Cleveland has any gumption at all he
will see the significance of the distinction
maue between a popular loan and a syndi
cate deal.
As it is reported the general passenger
ta of the Western railroads have fallen
out, there is a chance that passengers may
get their due.
The troubles in Armenia are the most
serious that now disturb the world, and
yet they seem the ones most likely to be
lost in the shuilie.
Many of the difficulties which we regard
as profound problems are no more than
conundrums that we can get rid of by
simply giving them up.
Customs duties that would give protec
tion to our industries would also protect
the treasury, but a free-trade administra
tion would rather have a deficit.
During the coming week the tariff bill
and the bond b:ll will both be reported to
the Senate, and then there will be music
in the air while the band plays on.
There is such a deficit of Presidential
candidates in the Democratic party tbat
< icveland may be forced to issue himself
«s a loan to tide over the emergency.
There may be a campaign in Europe as
well a"! (o America next summer, and
while we are having apolitical light the
folk? over thero may bs engaged in a mili
tary controversy.
The opening of the Citrus Fair at Fresno
adds another festival to the £ea3on, and
with the rose tournament in Pasadena
r.nd the ice castle at Trackee, nivesanood
illustration of the variety of life in Cal
ifornia.
The wonderful advancement of civiliza
tion en the African continent is exhibited
in the publication monthly of a journal of
. oath African science, arts and crafts,
< ailed the Scientific African, a worthy coin
r-eer of the Scientific American.
A LIVELY YEAE.
With the leisure and rest of to-day the
holiday season comes to an end and to-
morrow we begin the work of the year.
All signs known to man from the way the
cuckoo calls to the way the jingo exults
give promise of lively times. It will be a
year of emergencies and ultimatums, of
fights and frolics, of festivals and reforms,
of reviving business and depressed bosses,
and above all a year of the most exciting
Presidential election we have had since
1860.
The election, of course, will be the
salient characteristic of the year. Both
the great parties are in a position to produce
startling surprises. The Republicans have
fort}' candidates for the Presidency and
the Democrats have forty factions for
everything. In each National Convention
there will be sufficient music in the air to
thrill the whole continent. The great
campaign of 1860 when there were four
Presidential candidates with complete
party tickets in the field will be eclipsed.
We shall probably see at loa»t half a dozen
this year and torchlight processions will
be so common that the City will be saved
the expense of lighting lamps to illumi
nate the town.
Next to the Presidential elections will be
the California carnivals. We have had ;
three festivals already, and the year is
not yet a week old. Before the spring time ;
has passed we shall have beauty and gay- j
ety enough to make California a State of ;
beatitude and everybody in it glorified.
Ban Francisco may not hold a carnival,
but she will be in a position to reach a
dozen without trouble, and have no lack
of opportunity to dance while other folks
pay the piper. In these rejoicings we shall
get ready for the elections that come later,
and no matter how many candidates may '
be in the rield, every one of them will be
able to get a floral tloat to serve him as a
campaign wagon.
All through the season of festivals and
tbrough the political campaign to a glori
ons triumph on election day will go the
joint movement of reviving business and
municipal reform. These forces are in
alliance and cannot be separated. This is :
true in every community and especially so
in San Francisco. To improve the busi
ness of this City we must improve the
City itself. To this conclusion every re
flecting business man has lone since come,
and now tlio time has arrived tojx-iss from :
reflection to action. Business will revive
in proportion a° the bosses are depressed,
and it is the determination of the people
that San Francisco shall go forward.
In all the processions of the year those
will be best that hold a straight course.
Straight politics will win in the elections,
straight festivals will have the best parades,
straight business will make the most
money and straight reform will get there
first. All that any man has to do t''is
year is to go straight and ail will be well
With him when Thanksgiving day comes i
round. He can dance at ttie carnivals, j
carry torchlights in the processions, do
business, right bosses and in all the liveli
ness of the times be fully alive without
fear of being lost in the shuffle. Certainly
the year is one we can look forward to
with pleasure, expecting great things of it.
It will not be the year of jubilee, but it is
one year nearer than last year was.
OAMINETTI AND THE PUNDING
BILL.
Among the men who are to ero to Wash
ington as representatives of tlie Commit
tee of Fifty to light the funding bill, ex-
Congressman Caminetti should be in
cluded, if possible.
His experience in the last House of
Representatives when the railroad at
tempted to pass the Reilly funding bill
would be valuable in righting the new
funding bill at this session. He was in
the fight from beginning to end, is posted
on the methods cf the opposition, has
helped to meet and overcome them, and was
prominent and energetic in the first great
fight won by the people in Congress
against railroad aggression.
He has studied the problem in all its
bearings, has an extended acquaintance in
the two houses of Congress and in the
various departments, all of which would
be of great assistance in this emergency.
He introduced various measures bearing
on this question, and succeeded in getting
the attention of the Secretary of the In
terior, as is shown by his annual report
recently submitted.
We do not kno-.v whether Mr. Caminetti's
engagements would permit him to go to
Washington on so sudden a call, but the
effort to obtain his ?ervices for the State
is well worth making.
STEAUGE LOCAL CONDITIONS.
The people of Fresno County are hold
ing a splendid citrus fair, in which are dis
played oranges and lemons grown in what
is called the "thermal belt" of the county.
This calls to mind an extraordinary fact
which constitutes one of the peculiarities
of California, and which has never been
investigated with scientific thoroughness.
It is the existence of "thermal belts" here
and there throughout the State, in which
the climatological conditions are different
from those of the surrounding region.
There is one in San Francisco. It
stretches through the Mission and gives
rise to a climate so radically different from
that say of the Presidio Heights as to ex
cite wonder. Again, one may often look
across the Golden Gate channel from the
heights of the City at the sunshine which
bathes Sausalito while the City is wrapped
in fop. A most remarkable phenomenon
exists at the lower extremity of Clfar Lake.
Here is found an extensive deposit of sul
phur overlying cinnabar, and the heat is
very great. A warm belt extends from
Los Gatos to Saratoga, in the western foot-
hills of Santa Clara County, and there
oranges do fairly well. Numberless other
similar instances exist throughout the
State.
In some cases the cause of the phenom
enon is clearly apparent. The northern
extremities of Napa and Sonoma counties
and the southern end of Lake County em
brace a region of comparatively recent vol
canic activity. In that region hot springs
and steam-spouting vents are common,
and at intervals are found issues of gns.
The latter are forms of eolfataras. The
high temperature of the sulphur bank of
Lake County is explainable on this
ground. It is the evidence of flying vol
canic forces.
The so-called warm belts are likely
ascribable to meteorologfcal peculiarities.
The basis of them all is the constancy of
the direction of our winds. Permanent
atmospheric drifts are thus established.
In some cases the cool wind from the
ocean is heated by passing over an area
warmed by the sun, the soil in such in-
stances having the power to retain the
heat of the day and give it out at night,
when it is taken up by the gentle brepze
and carried along a course which is thus
transformed into a warm belt, where semi
tropical fruits are safe from frost.
Trees also have au effect, and hence for
ests are a prominent factor. Again, water
exerts an influence. Thus, liichardsons
Bay, a larg? and shallow arm of the bay
of San Francisco, is made warmer than
the deeper parts, with the result tbat Sau
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896
salito and Belvedere have climates strik
ingly unlike that of San Francisco, and
this condition is aided by mountains in
tervening between the towns and the
ocean. These strange facts constitute one
of the wonders of the State and they have
never been adequately studied.
A GLITTERING PALACE.
The ice carnival has opened at Truckee
with glorious weather, and as the railroad
company has made a considerable reduc
tion in rates and offered to furnish sleep
ing-cars for the use of excursionists while
staying at Truckee, we may soon expect
large numbers of coast residents to seek
the delights which this unique affair pre
sents. With the most ordinary precau
tions as to clothing, those accustomed to
the bland climate of the coast need have
no fear on the score of the change to a
creat elevation and extreme cold. The al
titude is not sufficiently great to create the
least danger or discomfort, but is great
enough to make possible the pleasures ap
pertaining to cold.
Although Dormer Lake has not yet frozen
over, there is plenty of time for that before
the carnival closes; and as for skating, it
can be found on the extensive ice ponds
which abound thereabout, and besides
there is a large rink within the frost pal
ace, where skilled attendants will be on
hand. Sleighing and tobogganing facil
ities are ample.
The railroad company seems to assume
that most of the excursionists will prefer
to make the trip both ways in the night.
'] I i is overlooking the fact that the
day trip is one of the finest in the State.
The level plains of the Sacramento Valley
are. then seen, and the tortuous winding
of the road through the foothills and
mountains in its laborious climb to the
summ it of the Sierras reveals a constantly
changing panorama of wonders and
beauties. In the vicinity of Gold Hill are
the great desolate fields of the old
hydraulic gold mines; Auburn appears
nestled in the upper foothills surrounded
by orange groves; from Cape Horn one
looks far down upon the shining thread
like waters of the American River, and
then come stupendous mountains with dae
zling fields of snow. In this short trip to
Truckee one may see the best of the natu
ral wonders which have made this route
across the continent famous.
The people of Truckee may be depended
en for an exhibition of that hearty spirit
of hospitality which belongs peculiarly to
California. They have the strength,
rugged ness and freedom characteristic of
their splendid environment- of mountains,
and a.- they are familiar with all the way;;
in which wholesome sport may be ex
tracted from cold weather their guidance
will be as useful as it will be freely given.
PERSONAL.
State Controller E. P. Colgan is in town.
E. Barnes, a lawyer of Fresno, is in town.
Fred W. Smith of Portland is In the City.
J. \Y. Oatinan of Reno arrived here yester
day.
John O'Neill of Eureka is here for a brief
stay.
Professor J. C. Beard of Napa Is at the Cali
fornia.
W. J. Trask, an attorney of Los Angeles, is in
the City.
A- ■ mblyman J. B. Sanford of Ukiah is at
the X
Kx-.ludge J. W. Davis of Tulare arrived here
yesterday.
W. B. Austin, a merchant of Stockton, is at
the Grand.
W. B. Castle will leave during the week on a
trip to Honolulu.
Fred Dixon, a leading farmer of Marble Val
ley, is in the City.
R. B. Sheldon of Riverside is among the ar
rivals at the Baldwin.
A. J. Pillsbury, a journalist of Tulare, is
spending Sunday here.
Jame* J. Freeman, a business man of Santa
Barbara, is at the Lick.
Nathan Bcr.tz, a business man of Santa
Barbara, is at the Palace,
Pr. M. N. Crawford of the United States navy
is registered at the California.
The Key. J. W. Elsworth, who has been on a
visit to Houthern California, has returned here.
J. W. Hartzell, who In interested with ex-
Congressman Louttit in the building of the
Stockton and Lodi Railroad, is at the Lick.
Colonel G. A. Knight has returned from his
trip East looking hale an<l hearty. He antici
pates a sweeping Republican victory next fall.
CALIFORNIA!*;* IJf NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 4.—Amoug recent
errivals are: J. A. Clover and wife, Everett;
Mrs. C. K. Haxe, Ashland; D. M. Moses, St.
Denis; K. M. Norton, Astor; w. S. Watson, Now
Amsterdam; C. F. Talbot, Hoffman; R. Vernon.
St. Cloud. __^__^_^^___
,
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
Help Home Imlnßtrieg.
Spo'iane TrlDune.
The spoliation of industry is the principal
cause of crime. Abolish it and crime will dis
appear.
War Is Koal, Lore Is Earnest.
Merced Express.
The fellow who is first to offer his services
while there are rumors of war is the first to re
turn to the girl he left behind him, after hos
tilities have commenced.
The Red Sword ts. the Red Cross.
Vallejo Chronicle.
The Red Cross Society of America is raising
funds to help the Armenians. In the mean
while Turkey is permitted to make the num
ber to be helped smaller by thousands. What
can a fewphiianhtropists do if the great powers
do not interfere?
Neglected Opportunities.
Woodland Democrat.
If any Eastern State had the fertility of soil,
the magnificent resources and the water power
that is running to waste in Yolo County the
world would ring with the echoes ol the splen
did inducement* to home-seekers and the un
usual opportunities for safe and prolitable
investments.
Don't Know the Value of Money.
Dixon Tribune. ■■ *'■':,
i The existing hard times are teaching the ris
ing generation a valuable lesson, and may
prove a blessing In disguise. Very few Cali
fornians have ever known the true value 01
money, and while the knowledge comes hard
to many, it is being impressed upon them forc
ibly and indelibly.
Depends Upon Whose Ox Is Gored.
' . , Stockton Independent.
It begins to look es If Germany and Holland
were dimly perceiving the force of the Monroe
doctrine as applied to Africa. It makes great
difference to those countries that the wail
against British aggression comes to them in a
Teutonic tongue. They know all about
"Boers," "Uillanders," "trekking," "krar.ls,"
etc., but don't understand Spanish appeals.
For Navigation and Irrigation.
Fresno Expositor.
While Fresno is not directly interested in
the improvement of tne navigable' rivers of
the State her interests in common are just as
great. The State convention, to be held in
tan Francisco to consider this question, will
not be complete without a representr.tive from
this county, and as the meeting Is for the pur
pose of nrcsunting the matter to Congress in
view of an appropriation there should be a
voice from Fresno, as we have some Interest in
the navigation of the San Joaquin River. Ii
the Boftid of Supervisors have overlooked this
matter heretofore it is time they were taking
action in the matter. ■ :. -
TIME'S CHANGES.
In 1895, lo! the press was all alive with tragedies—
a page or two a day !
'Xinety-six has brought a change in sen^tlon's
varied range— . W
Now Dame -caiidal makes that precious space her
proy!
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
A. J. Fisk, the noted Montana editor, is at
the Grand. Mr. Pisk is one of four brothers
who ove r two decades ago went to Helena and
started tho Herald.
The paper occupied the evening field and was
a success from its start. Probably no other
journal on that parallel between the Pacific
Ocean and the Missouri River has approached
it in money-making.
Mr. Fisk is as widely known as his paper. He
has been a powerful factor in developing the
resources of Montana, getting it admitted to
the Union as a State and assisting it to take a
front rank in the galaxy of States.
The Fisk brothers are relatives of the lete
James G. Elaine and of the Walkers, who a:e
among 'he early Montana pioneers. A few
years ago, when the talented Walker Blame,
the son of the American Premier, had budded
J. 11SK, THE VETERAN EDITOR OF .MONTANA, PROPRIETOR OF THE
HELENA HERALD.
[Sketched from life ly a "CaW artist.]
into young manhood, he \\::s employed as city
c litor in' the Herald.
tade a rery lively paper of it. nnd his
- were copied far and wide. • ■
best stories was an interview with John Sher
man, while at Helena, about a wild rido by
stage In Oregon. Either Sherman hims
Walker Blame, but probably the Mansfield
statesman himself, put such frills to ii that the
story traveled, and for months this
story bobbed up every day in some si
Many other Btorles were reproduced similarly
from the Herald.
Mr. Kisk hays Montana is In a fairly prosper
ous condition.
"The mines are doing unu ually w. 11," he
said, "and as for the money from cuttle and
sheep it i* unusually large, especially from the
sales of the cattle, it is v better year by far
than last, and the people generally ere feeling
much encouraged.
"1 have come ilmvn for a little while to re
cuperate ray health by a rhange of climate. I :
find the air of California i« very beneficial for
a change, especially when one has been living
at a-; great nn altitude as I have.
"To n:* Ban Francisco looks signally pros
perous. By contrast with such points as Port- J
land, Tocoma and Seattle, it is certainly very
prosperous. Californlans ought to be. well
satisfied." __^_
IT IS A GREAT PAPER,
The San Francisco Call
Is the lender of them ail
In new* itnil noteSi
Ana literature
And tacts.
Each reform l.i'handled fairly,
Ai.<i ita lead m treated squarelr,
From Civil service up to Smgle Tax.
Thn San Francisco Call
Is away bfynml them all ,
in elftanlinesSi
In brevity
Aril stylo.
It gives you honesi Information,
City, < onnty, Slate aud Nation,
llome and foreign, every day and all tho while.
— Lemoore Radical.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
"Bio Bothy"— J. n., Ban Bruno road, City.
The big gun "Big Betsy" on the United States
vessel Monterey is oi the 100-ton class,
No Rain— "Syologist," Cltv. No rain fell in
this City on the night of the 27th of December.
1895, between the noon of 8 and 12 o'clock.
France and Itai.y-P. E. V. 8., Oakland, Cal.
By the existing civil law of France and Italy
ancle ani niece and aunt and nephew are not
permitted to marry.
KxroiiTr.FGoLD— C. J. P., City. There was
exported from the United States during the
fiscal yenr ending June 30, 1835: Gold, StSO -
131, 1»3; silver, $47,227,317.
ROSS 1 CmziHSHIF— W. S. 0., Alameda, Cal.
Donald M. Ro<s, the minister, has riled his dec
laration of intention to become a citizen of
the Tnited States, and is auditing the time
when he can apply for his second papers.
Exports and Imports— 3. P., City. The la
test official figures of imports and exports from
the United States are up to June, 30, 1895.
c-e -o R iTJr imrort!< ' $731,069,965; exports,
*60,,,;,35,1f10, making a total of ■ $1,539,508,
--1J0; in excess of exports of $75,568,200.
German UNmH3riftS— H. P.. Castle Crag,
Shasta Coudty, Cal. The universities in Ger
many do not receive female students, but re
cently an exception has been made in favor of
American female (Undents who desire to per
fect themm?.ves in certain studies. These are
permitted to listen to lectures given on those
subjects.
Poultry Book-P. G. P., Blanchard, Ventura
County, Cal. Answers to Correspondents can
not recommend Any of the many books on
poultry raising und keeping, as it docs not ad
vertise the merits of any publication. By ad
dressing a note to any of the iirst-class book
dealers of this City you will obtain tho desired
information.
Property— F. A., City. If a man and woman
have lived together for a length of time and
there was no marriage contract prior to the
28th of last March, and neither had acknowl
edged the other as husband or wife, in case of
death of one or the other the survivor would
not in law have any claim on the property left
by the deceased.
Old Ladieb' Homes— E. A. P., City. The
Protestant homes for old ladies in this City
are: The Protestant Episcopal Old Ladies'
Home on Golden Gate avenue, between Lott
and Masonic; the Crocker Old Peoples Home,
corner of Pierce and Pine streets, and the Lick
Old Ladies' Home on the University Tract,
South San Francisco.
Largest Navies— J. H., San Bruno road, City.
The navies of the world having the greatest
n*.imber of men and guns ara Great Britain,
France ana Russia. Great Britain has on the
active list 0t»,803 men and 80,000 naval re
serv«s; 641)3 guna on her uhlps. France—
active list, 79,400 men. 87,600 reserves and
6230 cans. Riusia— active list, -i' 2,874, reserves
45.000 and 1790 guns.
Americans In Europe— C. J. P., City. There
is no way of learning how much money is
spent by Americans yearly in living or travel
ing in Europe no more than there is of learn
ing how much money Kngllbh or Frenchmen
spend yearly in the United States. A few years
ago a writer for a New York paper made the
announcement that Americans spent $10,
000,000 a year -while travcline in Europe, but
as lie did not tell where heobtair.ed his data for
that assertion.it was generally believed that
lie jumped at a conclusion. .
Out of Wedlock— F. A., City. If a man is the
father of a child born out of wedlock and for a
period of five years has acknowledged the
paternity of the child, it is very likely that a
court on a proper representation of the facts
would compel him to support that child, not
withstanding he might wish to abandon it.
Ban Francisco War Vessels— c. 0., Colma,
San Matco County. Cal. There have been
built at the Union Iron Works in this City the
following - named vessels: Monterey, cost
$1,628,950; Oregon, $3,130,000: ChaVleston.
$1,017,000; San Francisco, $1,428,000: and
Olympia, $1,796,000.
Car-Accountant— X., City. The antics of a
car-accountant is to keep an account of the
-mileage of each car owned by the company
and also to keep track of all cars that are
switched off to foreign roads. The pay varies
ling to the roads on which such ac
ant is employed. On some roads there is
isp cial lepartroen Cor the purpose, wnile on
other roads a clerk in the main office is able to
perform the duty.
I ■-: akg — E. G.S., Liv^rmore, Alameda County,
I Ca). The origin of Fifing words is very difficult
to trace. A number ol writfrs havo tried it and
have failed. They have only succeeded indis
covering the meaning of certain words. "To
read the riot net" comes Jroia the ancient Eng
lish custom t lat required on the occasion of a
riot that ■ >me Encial should read the act and
I cull upon the turbulent mass to dispi be
fore taking harsh mi asures; now ie refers to a
warning that if a certain thing Is not done
I punishment will follo-.v. "Big wig" is English
I slang for one in authority and was originally
applied by the criminal element to designate
a Judge, because he wears a wig. "JHoi'iner"
was originally, an Australian prison slang ai»
breviated from "a blooming error," a £reat
; take; in the United States the term is ap
: plied to womeu who wear the costume first
j woru by Amelia Jenks Bloomer in 1849 from a
pattern produced by Elizabeth Smith Miller.
"Bike," as used nowadays, is an abbreviation
■ of bicycle, but "l»tke" or'*byke" meansanest
of wild bees, hornets or wasps. "Black Jack"
was originally a slung old English term for a
j large leather Jug holding two gallons; Bince
I then the term iias been applied to a number of
articles, including caramel forcolorine sauces,
a kind of licorice candy and a bludgeon with
a flexible liamll". "Booktionary" as npplied
to i dictionary Is nonsense. "Boiled shirt" or
"biled shirt" had itsorijin in the West wheu
the inhabitants wore ordinarily wooleu gar
ments and put on linen ihirts oiily on state oc
casions. One who wore sueu & abirt w«s looked
upon as airy, »n4 it was said "he has on v biled
shirt." "Saj nothing and saw wood" is ap
plied to one who is a good lis:ener and who
does uot talk. The origin of the phrase is not
known.
Aoste— P. E. V. 8., Oakland, Cal. On the
11th of Hej, timber. ISbS, Prince Amedeo,
Duke of Aoste, married for his second wife his
young niece, Maria Letltia, daughter of his
sister Clotilde and Prince Jerome Napoleon
Bonaparte. The wedding took place in the
grand hall oi the palace a; Turin in the pres
ence <>f tUe Princes oi the liouse of Savoy,
Bra^anza and Bonaparte, Uenerals Menabrae
and DflUrosi. Signer Crispi, Signor Farini aud
many otber dirnataries. a dispensation was
obtained to celebrati- this marriage.
Sevkn Up- O. E. 11., Auburn, Placer County,
Cal. The authorities on card-playing do not
lay down any rules as to whether a player in
seven un loses nis < u- n Iby reason of a misdeal.
In the nbsunce of such a ruie the players gmi
ernliy come to an understanding before the
k'Hine commences and abide by thVconeluslons
reached,
Distance and Fare— Miner, City. The dis
tance from t^n Francisco to PlaceiviUe, Xl
Dorado County, is 149 miles ond the fare
$6 70. Mines may be worked there during the
winter. The distance from Sau Francisco to
Sonora is lGt> miles. The fare by oue route is
$7 70, and by tne other $7 85.
Men and Women— A. ('., Colusa, Cal. The
latest official figures, the census of 1890. show
thnt in California there were 700,050 men
ami 508,071 women. Those portions of the
census reports that have reached this City do
not show the proportion of tha population
that is educated.
Consular Duties— B., Soldiers' Home, Santa
Monica, Los Angeles County, Cal. By commu
nication with the ofliceof the Secretary of State
at Washington the best information as to the
duties and responsibilities of tho.«e engaged in
the consular service can be obtained.
Mist Carry Bells— C. L. E., City. An
ordinance recently passed by the Board of
Supervisors requires bicycle-riders to hn\e
bells attached to their wheels when using them
in the City. Lanterns must be affixed to
bicycles used in the park at night.
Psychology— M. C, Livingston, Merced
County, Cal. The books on psychology, for
which there is the greatest demand in the li
brarios at this time, are "Psychology and
Therapeutics, " by Tucker, and" "Suggestions
on Psychology," by Jiernhcim.
Difference in Time— N., City. The tele
graph does not and never did cut any figure in
determining the difference In time between
New York and London or between any other
places. It is merely a matter of calculation.
Napa and Lake Counties— T. R., Ferndale,
HumbolJt County, Cal. The principal prod
ucts of Napa County are grapes, fruit, sugar
beets, wheat and hay. The chief products of
Lake County are fruit and grain.
The British Navy— E. 0., Colma, San Mateo
County, Cal. The number of vessels in tha
British navy, including all classes, is 578.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
To encourage the silk industry the Prince
of Wales is to set the fashion by wearing maiiy
hued silk waistcoats when appearing in even
ing dress.
By the entrance of Lord Warkworth into the
House of Commons the unusual circumstance
is brought about of father, son and grand
son sitting at one and the same time in Parlia
ment.
M. Faure was at the theater when he learned
of the death of Dumas. He and Mme. Faure at
once left the house and returned to theElysee,
without waiting for their carriage or even to
summon a cab. This act has caused much
talk in Paris, and added to the President's
popularity among all classes.
General Lord Wolseley is greatly interested
in the temperance movement in the British
army. He says there never has been a time
when there was so little drunkenness among
soldiers as now.
M. Dampt, a French sculptor, will contribute
to the next Salon a statuette of a countess well
known in Paris. The flesh will be represented
in ivory and the drapery of old gold will be
ornamented with precious stones.
Miss Caroline Rustad, a Scandinavian, 65
years old, living in Whitehall, Wis., turned
over her savings for the last twelve years,
amounting to #200, to the fund for relieving
the Armenian sufferers in Turkey.
Clara Morris, the actress, is a woman with
many peculiar traits. Above all things in the
world she detests steam heat. It is almost im
possible for her to remain in a room that is
heated by steam, as she at times becomes
quite ill.
Colonel North, the nitrate king, has bought
up one ot the King of Belgium's estates, the
castle and domain of Ardenne. The estate ex
tends to 16,000 acres and affords splendid
shooting. The colonel will have the King for
a neighbor.
Sir Donald Currie, the fnmous shipowner, is
a general favorite in the House of Commons.
To journalists he is invariably genial, and he
will put himself out of the way to render as
sistance to any member of the press in search
oi political "copy."
Count Dante Seresro Alighieri, Mayor of Ven
ice, v,-ho died in office recently, was a descend
ant of the poet in the female line. The male
line became extinct iv 1547 with the poet's
son, Piero di Dante, but a daughter married
Count Serego of Verona, a family that is now
very wealthy.
The late Ada Cavendish had a terror of being
Juried alive. She instructed her trustees in
her will to pay $'2.0 to a doctor to open one of
her veins before she was Interred. Another,
curious provision of her will was that all the
jewels found upon her at her death should be
buried with her.
MAT PROVOKE A SMILE
"This is a sad occasion for you, sister," es
;-fiyrc! the comforter. "I know it te," asserted
!hi widow. '-I'ut it is a heap sadderfor Bill." —
Indianapolis Journal.
llere is an ultimatum which
Would seem the proper stuff,
We won't do any bullying,
Xor yel staid any bluiT.
—Washington Star.
She (fingering the keys of the piano)— Do you
plßy ranch, Mr. Kawler?
He— No; not under the new raring laws— er,
that is, yes; I play the flute sume.— Town
Topics.
"That," exclaimed the big fish to the little
fish, "is the fish w] : :■ ff t lie book just
as they were pulling him out of the water.
They teil greut stories about him."— Detroit j
Tribune.
Willie— Will teacher go to heaven when she
dies, mn ?
:i!i>. Ferry— Yes, dear.
Willie— But will they let her in ?— Cincinnati ;
Enquirer.
"Rrown is weak financially, isn't he?"
"H" hasn't much money, but he gives em- J
ployment to a great many men."
"Who are they '"
''Other people's bill collectors."— Brooklyn
Liie.
Mrs. Endicott Bean (of Boston}— These people
who ha\c just moved next door have a child.
Mr. Endicott Bean— Well, I hope it is no
ug child!
Mrs. Endicott Bean— You will be disappoint
ed. Why, it hasn't got its first glasses yet ! —
ri.rk.
Miss do Fashion— Moiner, what shall we send
Miss'de Style f r her «> dding present?
Misa de Fasbii :i— Wiii the list be published
in the papi r?
'•"So; she says t hut's vulgar."
"Send her a plated saltspoon."— New York
Weekly.
"A penny for your thoughts," ■■aid Miss Rick
etta, ] layfully, to Mr. Gildersleeve
"Tli y nre worth far more than that, Miss
Ricketts," replied the youugr man, -'for I was
I thinking of you."
When he proposed a little later she didn't
: say a word about its being so sudden.— Detroit
Free Press.
Everything in stock— Mrs. Highart (dreamily)
—I wish to select a painting for the— the north
west corner of my parlor.
Deafer (briskly)— Yes, madame. James, show
the lady Benat's last marine— the Nor* wester. —
New York Weekly.
"Papa," inquired a small girl at the dinner
j table the oilier evening, "what's a million
i aive? Dorothy Smith said to me to-day, 'Your
father's a millionaire.' "
"What did you say?" asked the small girl's
father.
"Oh, I jus' said, 'So's yours.' "—New York
Evening Sun.
We cannot answer for the truth of the rumor,
but it is said that at a Boston club a New York
man recently summoned a servant and said:
"Call me a cab."
"Oh, dear me!" replied the servant. "I
shouldn't think of doin^ so."
"What!" cried the New Yorker. "Why not?' 1
"B<*causp, Mr," the servant replied, "you are
not a cab.' '—Harper's Bazar.
THEY DID IT IN REVOLUTIONARY
DAYS.
V tchita Kaclp.
There were men in 1770 in America who
held meetings and declared that a war with
the mother country would be "a crime against
oivUU&tlon. "
GIRL'S CLOAK.
The stylish cloak shown here ;s suitable for
girls of 10 to 10 years. It is seamless in front,
and may be made with a revers, or may be but
toned over the left shoulder. The back is
formed of two parts, a box pleat in each. This
is joined to the front by an under-arm gore.
A brown and bluet mixture, with brown
velvet and sable trimmings, makes a handsome
and at the same timu a serviceable garment.
A greenish gray cloth, with trimming of
mink, is charming for a very young girl.
Bluet bcngaiine with ceaver trimming is used
for a very dressy cloak.
A ccdet blue neavy serge with krammer
trimmings is, Oainty. Brown diagonal cloth
with Kussian iamb is rlrli and useful.
Tale gray witn moufflon to match is ex
qui siteiy daiuty, but cannot be recommended
on tbe score of Eervice.
A mixture of oright colors in tweed Is suc
cessfully trimmed with plain red or grass.
g reen cloth for cuffs, collar and sleeves.
A red and black mixture in cheviot is very
stylishly trimmed with red cloth heavily
beaded with black, edged with astrakhan.
BOBINSON BEQUEST FUND.
Ten Charitable Organizations Received
■ a Portion of the 31oney.
The apportionment of the accrued sur
plus in the Robinson bequest fund was
made yesterday by the commissioners as
follows, each of the charitable organiza
tions mentioned receiving $100:
Salvation Army, for old and homeless
women; Little Jim ward, Children' s Hos
pital; Little Sisters' Infant Shelter, San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children,
Associated Charities, St. Andrew's Society,
Ladies' Hebrew Benevolent Society, Cath
olic Ladies' Aid Society; female ward,
French Hospital; fema.e ward, German
Hospital. Total. $1009.
A balance of $704 still remains in Mayor
Sutro's hands, but this will not be paid
out until the money given the charities is
exhausted. Applicants for the bounty of
the fund are required to make affidavit of
their needs and other particulars and leave
them with the Mayor, who will direct
them to the chamfes to which he deems
taey belong.
The balance of the fund will not be dis
bursed until later in the year.
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street "
- -• — — <•
That one deer does duty in many an
adventure is proved by the fact that a deer
shoe in Weld, Me., the other day was
carrying eleven bullets in its body.
— • — — *
Glace pickles 50c Ib. Townsend's,627 Mrkt.*
The people of foreign countries have
paid $i 90,000,000 for the animal and cereal
products of American farms during the
past eleven months of 1595.
— — • — » — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by tlie Pre*i
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 310 Montgomery. '
■ • — ♦ •
The Governors of only three States of
the Union receive salaries of $10,000 each,
viz.: .New York, New Jersey and Penn
sylvania. The least is $1000, paid by the
State of .Rhode Island.
Barry's ••.star" 5 Cents.
Liveliest and best of the weeklies. •
Grabowski is the suggestive name of the man
who made the most money on the Russian turf
this year. He hns the best racing stable in the
country, and cleared $«>O,OOO.
"Always taking com" is a common compl.iint.
It is ciue to Impure aii<! deficient blood, and i; of;on
leads to serious trouble. The remedy in Hood's
Sarsaparilla, whica makes pare, ricn blood.
(HUAI.O I.IMfTKD.
VIA SA.NTA FK KOCTK.
A new train tlirou^hou: ' begins October ■}"».
rnllmnn's finest s'.eepln?-cars, vestibule reclinlnsr
chair cars au;l dining-cars. .Los Augeles to O.i!
cnjro, via Kansas City, witho.is change. Annex
ccrs on sharp connection for Denver and St.
Louis. Twenty-seven hours quicker than th»
quickest competing train. The Santa Fe nai been
put in line physical coirtiLion ana Is now tna oai;
transcontinental railway. j
Secure a sound mind, which seldom goes with
out a sound digestion, by using Dr. Slegert'»
AngOaturt-. Bitters.
If afilicted with sora ej-e9iise Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Kye Water. L>rugj;ist3 sell it at 25 cents.
NEW TO-DAY.
THE NEW YEAR
Brings New Goods
AND NEW PRICES!
I
Genninc Imported Macaroni
or Vermicelli, Mb. pack- \ fl*
ages lUb
Fancy Creamery Butter, per iSftft
roil : 4UC
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, \n^
per pound lUu
Melange Preserves, quart Ofjn
jars, formerly 50c, now. . ZUu
Jew Pack Table Apricots, \ (\ n
■2 1-2 lb. can 5......... |UC
Choice French Prunes, new C ft
crop, per lb Ju
Jew Crop Beans— Pink OCa
or Bayos— lo lbs. for... Z3C
Burkes Irish or Scotch Qc ft
Whisky, per b0tt1e..... UJU
Crosse & Blackwell's Pickles, Qr ft
elsewhere 35c, our price, /ju
MOSTBIY CATALOGUE SEST
FREE EVERYWHERE.
Wholesale and Retail Grocfr,
949-95 I
MARKET STREET.
Between Fifth and Sixth.
JyWSPECIAti J
if (M QC »LADIES •
I 2 trfm B mvk K^ I /Ok 111 r~~* **■*.
■ t w *v ■ ER* ii^nLL/IL^O
| fOliZji SHOE.
liS The $2.00 kind. Square toe,
LJgj tipped, fashionable. 4 to 8 EE*.
/j/if ■ Never bad an equal. •
l/ll Bnyers find vlslls to the big Front-street
ijflH Depiirtment Store always well repaid.
ITB Monthly Price List at your command.
/^ S3IITH*S CASH STORK, Inc.,
■** 414, 416 and .418 Front St., S. F.The appointment of Alfred Austin to the
poet laureateship of England has caused
some surprise in American literary cir
cles, and even in the ''tight little island
over the sea" it was certainly not widely
anticipated that the distinguished honor
would be conferred on Mr. Austin. 6ther
I wore freely mentioned, and it now j
- -i range that Austin should not have '
been considered quite early among the
prominent possibilities. If poetical genius
were the real test in the selection of a
b laureate, no one would dispute the j
claim of Algernon Charles Swinburne to j
the title, ior he is estimated the best
rhythmist of the day, and the ablest critics
ede that mapy of Swinburne's lyrics
compare for strength of expression and j
essof rhythm tot; bappy
strains in the language. But Swinburne's
muse is of the "unbridled" kind; moralists
have condemned much of his passionate ,
early verse; and, again, the royal family
rely the keen thrusts of Swin- \
s saber. While ii is true that this;
tras sometimes mentioned as a possi- i
ble du< ■ - " an event
never by any ta ■ bability.
\ -■ achieved no mean j
reputation in the literary world, and he j
reminds one in a peculiar sense of his \
predecessor. Lord Tennyson, inasmuch as i
his works are remarkable for their high
moral • ii>- La a groat classical!
student and sch in the line |
of hei Greek and Roman ideals.
■rt poems are familiarly
known in this country, although t;;e name
of Alfred Austin has been here regarded
og to one of the numerous '■
minor p ■. t< of Britain, his general works :
having no appreciable circulation in this
c >untry.
:ing if not patriotic, and :
i his
: 1 bed ra
excellent verses, combined with his
cations, were doubtless
the most weighty arguments in securing j
. tlve prize of the laureateship.
least one of Austin's poems is com-]
In all the public schools of America.
who have listened to the reading of
plendid heroic, "Tue Lust Redoubt,"
■ .earn to associate the name of I
its author with the laureateship oS England.
THE I. AsT KKDOIBT.
BY AI.FKXH ATSTIX.
Kacelyevo's slope st.l! felt
The cannons' bolts a. d the rifles' pelt;
l-ortv las: redoubt up the hill remained,
By the Kuss ye t hold, by the Turk not gained.
> ehfT.rt All stroked his beard;
ll i3 Una were clinched and bis look war. weird;
l:ou d Lim v , n- ranks of his ragged folk.
Their faces blackened, with blood and Mi.olce.
••Char rue tho loscovlte oa: I" he cried,
Tnen iiv name of "Allah '." echoed wide.
And ihe iezzes were waved and the bayonets
lowf-ren.
And on 10 ihe . . -■ redoubt thi y poured.
One fell, anl a second quickly stopped
The gap ihai he I* ft warn he reefcil and dropiea;
The nd — a third straight filled his place:
lie third— and a fourt kept up the race.
Many a fez In the mud was crushed.
Many a throat that cheered was hushed.
Many n heart thai sought the cres:
yoiinii Allah'a arms and a bonri'a breast.
Over their«arpses the llv ng sprung.
And the ridci' with their musket-rattle rang,
Till the faces thui lined the last rvdotibt
Could see their faces and hear their shout.
In the redoubt a fair form towered,
That cheered up the brave and chid the coward;
Brand ■ hing bla.de with a gallant air,
His h*.-.<] erect and his hn«om bare.
"Fly, they are on us!" 1113 men Implored;
Hut he ived Lb«ni on with hiR waving sword.
■It cannot be held; 'tis po shame to go
Uu; he ood with his face set nard to the foe.
"Yield :" bnt aloft hla steel he flashed,
And do-.vn on th-ir steel it ringing clashed;
Then back he reeled with a bladeles* h It,
His honor full, bat his lifr-blood spilt.
They lilted him ap ironi thedablAed cround;
ll is limbs wt-re shapi-ly, and soft and ro.ind.
No down on his lip, on nli cheek no shade
••Bismilluh!" they cried; "'us an Inlidel maid!"
Mehemet All c.ime and saw
The riddled breast and the tender jaw.
"Make her a bier 01 your anna," he said,
"And Ua.nti ' bury thlsdaimv dead:
Make her a Krave where *he stood and fell,
'Gainst the jactai's sc ratch and the vulture's small.
DM the Sioscovlte m< . nice their maidens Orht,
In their lines we had arcely supped to-night."
Fo a deeper trench 'mon- the trenches there
"Was dug for the form as rave as fair;
And none, tlil the jurtsm<>r.: trumps and shout,
Khali drive her out ol the Usi redoubt.
An insight into the feelings and senti
ment of the new poet laureate is furnished
in his poem, "Is Life Worth Living?"
The iast two stanzas are reproduced be
low. The first of these stanzas is brim full
of human sympathy. The concluding one
affords a fair example of Austin's patriotic
expression :
Is life wor.h living? Yes. so long
As there is wrong to rl^h:
Wall of the weak against the btronj
Or tyrannj- to fi h<;
Long as there lingers frloom to chase,
Or streamlßs; tear to dry.
One kindred woe, one Borrowing face
That smiles as we draw nigh;
Long as a laleol angnish swells
The hart, and lids grow wet.
And at the sound of Christmas bells
We pardon and forget;
So Ion;; as faith with freedom reigns,
And loyal hope survives,
And lions charity remains
To leaven lowly lives:
While there is one untrodden tract
or intellect or will.
And men are free to think and act,
Life is worth living s;UI.
Not care to live while Kn','l!sh homes
Nestle in Knglish trees.
And Kngland's trident-scepter roams
Her territorial seas !
Not Jive while English songs are sang
Wherever blows the wind.
And Knglaad's lavrs and England's tongue
EniranchUehalf mankind!
So lone as In .Pacific main,
Or on Atlantic strand,
Our kin transmit the parent strain.
And love the motherland:
So lonp as Hashes English steel.
And EnKiish trumpets shrill,
lie Is dead already who doth not feel
Life is worth living still.
MACAIRE.
Theannouncement of a drama by Robert
Louis BteveDßOn and William Ernest Hea
ley aroused a good deal of public interest.
Stevenson was one of the few English
writers of recent years from whom strong
dramatic work was to be expected. His
ability to develop exciting plots, produce
thrilling scenes, create vigorous men and
women and express their thoughts and
emotions in stirring language had been
too often and too forcibly shown in novel*
ior any one to doubt that ho might achieve
a marked success as a dramatist. The
public, therefore, expected of him some
thing more than an ordinary play, and
the appearance of his work was awaited
with eagerness.
The publication of the play has row
oef-n ruade and a disappointment await
every reader of h. It bears the title "Ma
caire, and is announced as a "melodra
mauc farce." The phmse is something of
b »«rdity. and yet it accurately de
scribes the work. We have all the light
BOOKS
AND
BOOKMAKERS
ness, flippancy and improbability of a fare
in the first two acts, and then a sudden
change to the terrors and tragedies of
melodrama in the third act. This gro
> tesque combination shows something of
! Stevenson's genius in conception, but evi
dently it has been worked out by a weaker
band* than his. Instead of the comedy
I growing up by decrees into the melodrama
! me two i arts remain quite distinct. There
l^ nothing in the comic parts that even sug
gests the tragedy that follows, and the re
stilt is so incongruous as to be wholly out
of the domain of art and an absurdity' pure
and simple.
The play is as faulty in detail as in con
struction. The action is not lively, the sit
uations are not novel, the talk is not
bright in the comic portions nor intense
in the tragic. In scarcely a single passage
is there any trace of that vivid and im
pressive style of which Stevenson was so
complete a master. It would be easy to
find in any of his novels conversations far
more dramatic and more brilliant than
any that occur in this avowedly dramatic \
work. It would seem that Stevenson may
have conceived the bold idea of blending
a farce with a melodrama, but in the
weakness of his last days was unable to
carry it out, and therefore made it a part
nership work with Mr. Hawley, ?nd ieft
to that gentleman the task of completing
the design.
About the only interest that can be
taken in the work will grow out of the
question it will raise as to the possiDility
of successfully combining farce and melo
drama on the#sta;:e. Shakespeare did not j
hesitate to introduce comic elements into j
his tragedies, but he never made any one ;
Character both tragic and comic. It is !
Mercutio who makes the jest and it is
Romeo who kills himself. Macaire, how
ever, is both the jorter and the murderer.
He plays icr two acts the light villainy of
a roKue in a comic opera, and then reap
pears as the murderous scoundrel of melo
drama. There are certainly wonderful
possibilities in the development of a 'har
■>f that kind and it yet maybe suc
cessfully portrayed on the stage. It has
not been well done in this instance, but,
perhaps, Stevenson's conception may yet
oe taken up by a master dramatist and a
melodramatic farce become one of the tri
umphs oi our ti eater.
NAPOLEON IN THE FIELD.
The admirable celerity and accuracy of
Napoleon's movements in the held were
'due to the excellent arrangements by
which they were made, say- Sloane in his
".Life of Napoleon" in the January Cen
tury. His two inseparable companions
were tiie Grand Marshal Duroc and Cau
laincourt, master <>t the h >r>e.
The latter had always the map of the
country through which they were driving
or riding ready for instant use. The seats
of :he imperial carriage could be Converted
into a couch for the Emperor'a frequent
night jonrneys, but ordinarily Bert bier
and Marat took turns at sitting at his Bide,
while Caulaincourt rode cioae beside the
door.
Behind, anJ as near the wheels as possi
ble, rode seven adjutants, fourte m ord
nance otticers and lour pages, who must
be ready on the in*tnnt to receive and
carry orders. Two of the officers must be
familiar with the speech of the country.
Kustan, his K.yptian body servant, rode
with them. There were also two mounted
lackeys, each carrying maps, papers and
writing materials.
This escort was protected by a body of
mounted cha^eurs. In case the Emperor
alighted for any purpose, four of these
instantly did likewise, and, surrounding
him with fixed bayonets, or loaded pistols
pointed outward to the four points of the
compass, preserved this relative position
as he moved.
Last of all came the grooms with extra
horses; for the Emperor's personal use
there were from seven to nine. These
were substantially the arrangements still
in vogue during the Prussian campaign.
Thereafter his distrust of those about him
gradually increased, until toward the end
of . is career it became acute, and then, as
a consequence, the numbers of his suite
wer<» much diminished.
Whenever there was need of post-haste
the Emperor found relays of nine saddle
horses or six carriajje-horso\« prr-pared at
intervals of from seven to ten miles aleag
his route. In this way he often journeyed
Pl££tK£ LOTI ATTJLJ2ED .»> AN ARAB SHi.IK.
[From a photograph.]
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 189(i.
at the rate of fourteen miles an hour for
six hours at a time. Similararrangements
on a much smaller scale were made for the
sk'ff- This body was under tho indispens
able Berthier, and was so numerousas to
be practically capable of subdivision into
several. In 1800 there were thirteen adju
tants, three heads of departments with iive
adjutants, thirty-one siaff officers and
thirty engineers. Under the chief of ar
tillery was a personal staff of eighteen offi
cers, under the chief of engineers one of
nineteen, and under the commissary-gen
eral one of forty-three. Arriving at his
night quarters the Emperorfound hisoflice
ready — a tent or room with live tables, one
in the center for himself and one at each
corner for his private secretaries. On his
own was a map, dotted with colored pins
which marked the position of every body \
of his troops. In this campaign lie had
the only one in existence, prepared long in
advance by his own orders.
It is significant of the Prussian over
| confidence and BUpineness that they had |
I none.^ As soon as possible was arranged j
I the Emperor's bedchamber, across the i
! door of which Rustan slept, and adjoining i
it was another for the officers on duty.
Dinner occupied less than twenty minutes,
for in the field Napoleon ate little and that I
rapidly. By 7 in the evening he was
asleep.
At 1 in the morning the commander-in
chief arose, entered his ofiice, where the
secretaries were already at work, found all
reports from the divisions ready at his
hand, and then, pacing the floor, dictated
his dispatches and the orders for the com
ing day. There is an accepted tradition
that ho often simultaneously composed
and uttered in alternate sentences two dif
ferent letters, so that two secretaries were
busy at the same time in writing papers on
different topics. The orders when com
pleted and revised wore handed to Berthier.
By 3 in the morning they were on their
way, and reaciied the separate corps fresh
from headquarters just before the soldiers
set out on their march. It was by such
perfect machinery that accuracy in both
command and obedience was assured.
1,1 FK AT SHUT-IN VALLEY.
This is a volume oi sketches of Pacific
Coast life, by Clara Spalding Brown,
whose name will be familiar to many, as
Mrs. Brown has been quite a prolific
writer for the periodicals of late vcars.
There are twelve sketches in the present
volume, most of them dealing with the
sensations and experiences of women
transported from the East to ranch life in
California and Arizona. Tbere is a good
deal of homely truth in many of the tales,
and they are not lacking in a certain hope
ful note which sounds pleasantly through
what might otherwise l>e the unrelieved
pessimism of the author's view. Clara
Spalding Brown is not a finished writ'-r.
Nowhere does her work reacu any artistir
height, but it is wholesome and not with
out interest. In point of construction
perhaps the best sketch in the collection is
"The Schoohna'am of Mineral Hill." The
stories nearly all have to do with mining
life, and there is a touch of realism about
them that will appeal to many women of
the Pacific Coast who have' tajred the
doubtful sweet? of pioneer existence.
The mechanical part of the book leaves
much to be desired. It might have been
more attractive in shape. [Columbus,
Ohio: The Editor Publishing Company.]
HISTORY OF THE JEWS.
This is the fifth volume of Professor
Graetz's celebrated work, and is in many
respects the most important of the whole
series issued by the Jewish Publication
Society of Philadelphia. It is translated
from the German, though it appears to be
a curious oversight that in no part of the
present work is the name of the trans
lator put forward.
What the late John Richard Green was
to the English people Graetz is to the He
brews. His work exhibits a profundity of
thought and a depth of insight that is
trnly remarkable. Yet the author of the
"History of the Jews" has not endeavored
to act the part of an interpreter for his
people in the same manner as has Ernest
Renan. Professor Graetz rather exhibits
to the world his analytical powers, and
does not appear to be swayed to any great
extent by his natural sympathies.
The present volume opens with some ac
count of the persecution to which the
Jews were subjected in Poland by the
Cos«aoks. The characteristics of the Gen
tile Pole and the Hebrew are touched
upon, and a minute description is given
of the ritual part of the faith as it is prac
ticed in the land of the Czar.
As is well known, tnere exists no coun
try in the world where the subtleties of
Talrnudical lore are so often brought into
requisition as in Poland. It would of
necessity be so, in a country overrun by
the spies and hirelings of what is virtually
a foreign Government. Here one would
expect to find the Maggid holding in his
hand the scepter of dominion over the
house of Jacob, adjudicating between a
man and his neighbor, righting wrongs,
and even deciding upon what would ap
pear trivial matters to the occidental
Hebrew. With great force Professor
Graetz puts forward his reasons why the
study of the Talmud was so cultivated in
Poland, and why everything was, as it
were, regarded from a Talmudieal point
of view. And the present-day student is
bound to acknowledge the learned his
torian's remark, "Thus religion sank, not
merely, as among Jews of other countries,
to a mechanical, unintelligent ceremonial,'
but tv a subtle art of interpretation," as
equally correct of the Polish Jew's studies
at the present day.
The settlement' of the Jews in England
during the protectorate of Oliver Crom
well is admirably discussed, and here is
introduced a vast quantity of matter hav
ing reference to the Spanish and Portu
guese Hebrews (Sephardim). Starting
with Manaspeh Ren Israel and his services
to Dutch and English Judea the author
touches upon the life and work of that
master of philosophy, Baruch Spinoza. It
is astonishing to learn that his alleged
apostasy was discovered through nis non
attendance at synagogue. And so much
w;ts the power of his philosophy feared
NAPOLEON'S MODE OF TRAVELING.
[Reproduced from the Century Magazine.]
that he was offered an annual pension ]
conditional upon his undertaking not to j
carry on an active crusade against the j
powers that were. It is gratifying j
that bribes availed nothing and as a con- j
sequence the advocate of free thought was
put under the ban, all persons being for
biiiden to have any communication with
lnni. A strange fact, remarked by Pro
fessor Graetz, is that "against his will he
(Spinoza) has contributed to the giory or
the race which he so unjustly reviled."
Passing over several chapters devoted to
the Jews in Germany, in Spain and in Por
tugal, considerable attention is paid to
their condition in France between the
years 1791-1805. Concerning the French
revolution, Professor Graetz makes use of
the following remarkably language:
The revolution was a judgment which 1n one
day atoned for the sins of a thousand years,
and which hurled into the dust all wlio, at the
expense of justice and religion, had created
new grades of society. • * * l"or the Jews,
too, the moat abject and despised people In
European society, the day of redemption and
liberty was to dawn after their long slavery
among the nations of Europe. ♦ • * What
Mendelssohn had thought possible at some dis
tant time • • * was realized in France with
almost magical rapidity.
It is interesting to note that to France
the world owes tnat clause which linds a
place in the constitution of every civilized
country, th.it "No one shall be' molested
on account of his religious opinions, in so
far as their outward expression does not
disturb public order as established by
law."
The Damascus P.lood Accusation and
its terrible consequences to Hebrews in
the far East is elaborately and minutely
reported. The historian records the step's
that were taken by the British Govern
ment through Lord Palmorston toward
obtaining the freedom of the poor unfor
tunates, and how the Jate Sir Moses Mon
tefiore traveled to Damascus as the repre
sentative of England, linancially backed by
thA Rothschilds.
The last chapter in the fifth volume is
devoted to a review of the rise and prog
ress of reform Judaism, of its birth in Ger
many and its transplantation to the
Unitrd States.
It is with regret that the reader lays
down Professor GraeU's valuable contribu
tion to history, and it is with regret, too,
that the author abandons his pen after
completing his task. It is probably this
idea wnich induced him to add a "retro
spect," at the end of which sounds a last
triumphant note for the cause of the
Hebrew— *'ln any case, the Jewish nation
is an extraordinary phenomenon, dating
as it does from hoary antiquity, but pos
sessing youthful vigor, having passed
through numberless vicissitudes, yet re
maining ever true to itself." [Philadel
phia: Jewish Publication Society.]
PIERRE LOXI IN ARABIAN COSTUME.
To write his latest book, Lieutenant
Viaud, who has given himself the pen
name of JLoti, took a caravan and traveled
as the wise men most have journeyed when
they followed the Star of Bethlehem. H«
leaves nothing to chance. He goes to the
scene that he intends to describe, and does
not take in its features at a hasty glance,
coming away to pive an impression, a mere
sketch. He does far more than this. He
wears the dres«, eats the food, lives the
life of the people. They become his peo
ple, and if he cannot think their thoughts,
at least he reads them. Consequently his
pictures are perfect in every detail. Loti
is versed in many phases of art. It is said
ALFRED AUSTIN, THE NEW POET LAUREATE.
[From a recent photograph.]
by his friends that were he to Jay aside his
pen for the brush, or to take up" music in
stead of either, he would become famous.
His home is a storehouse of interesting
things from all over the world. He has a
great collection of odd costumes, in which
he has a fancy for actiring himself.
THK GODS GIVK SIY DONKEY WINGS.
Angus Evan Abbott has given a fantastic
title 10 his fantastic little book. He takes
I 135 pages in which to set forth his opinion
that "poets, painters, pundits, preachers
and play-actors, with a self - conceit
which the world refuses to honor,
have been known to hold that their
j callings are as high as are those of
! money-lenders, the dealer in slaves, the
j publican and such like pillars of a coun
j try's edifice, whom the people invariably
; choose to bear the dignities of civic office.
: Those who like a "mystery play" will be
I pleased with Mr. Abbott's work, for not the
slightest idea of how the peculiar condi
tions are to produce results may be
gathered troin the events .is they pass,
under the reader's eye. In truth no great de
gree of interest is aroused, and the impa
tient reader is more desirous of finishing
the book than of obtaining definite knowl
edge of the outcome. The ducking of the
termasr.int and the marriage of the statue
maker may be set down as the only pleas
ing episodes in the somewhat wearisome
tale. [Published by Stone & Kimball,
Chicago. For sale by Doxey ; price $I.]
OUR SOCIETY BLUE BOOK.
Charles C. Hoag has published the
seventh volume of "Our Society Blue
Boot." The one for the current season
the new year.
yteprodiiced from the Fall Mali Gazette.}
contains many new and attractive features,
including fine half-tone pictures of many
elegant private residences. Besides giving
the names, addresses and receiving days
of society peopie in all the principal cities
and towns of California, it includes the
complete personnel of the social clubs,
hotels and boarding-houses, and contains
all the numerous other features so essential
to a publication of this churacter. It is
exquisitely printed and bound and will be
an ornament to any library table. •
THE MAGAZINES.
The Century for January is an excellent
number. A leading feature is the first of
a series of papers on Rome by F. Marion
Crawforrl, illustrated by Castaigne. An
other novel article is an account by Borch
grevink, the explorer, of "The First Land
ing on the Antarctic Continent," being an
account of the recent voyage of the
whaler Antarctic. Mr. Borchgrevink has
has not before written anywhere an ac
count of this voyage, and the Century
paper is accompanied by pictures by him
self, which have the advantage of being
pioneers in this field. Professor Chauncey
M. Cady contributes a curious article, based
on personal experience, entitled "Respon
sibility Among the Chinese." The Na
poleon Life deals with Jena and the Prus
sian campaign, and is particularly rich in
illustrations by My r bach. Among other
attractions is F.Hopkin&on Smith's novel,
"Tom Grocan." Tom being a woman con
tractor In difficulty with a labor union.
Perhaps the article in Harper s which
will excite the most general interest is
the first installment of a new biography oi
Washington by Professor AYilson of
Princeton, reference to which was made
in last Sunday's Call. The increasing
importance of our navy gives special in
terest t<> the paper by T. R. Lounsberry,
"The United States Navy." The second
installment of Caspar W. Whitney*s
journey "On Snows-hoes to the Barren
Grounds" describes the tirst taste of life
in the open with a temperature 40 degrees
below zero. "The German Struggle for
Liberty" is brought by Poultney I'.igelow
to the period oi the revolt of* Germany
against the tyranny of Napoleon.
Scribner's Magazine enters upon its
tenth year with mi unusual number of In
teresting features. What most readers
will lir.-i turn to i« the serial by J. M. l!:ir
rie, bis only fiction sine» the publication
of ''The Little Minister" four years ago.
In these times of proiiiic novelists it is un
usual for one of the most popular of them
to stiow the reticence exhibited by Mr.
Barrie. A reading of this tirst long install
ment of "Sentimental Tommy" will con
vince every one tr, at Mr. Barrie has pro
duced a masterpiece. Among other arti
cles are: "A New Sport; Tobogganing at
St. Moritz," "The History of the Last
Quarter Century in the Lnited States,"
now in the ninth chapter, continued by
E. B. Andrews; "The New Public Library
of Boston," by T. R. Sullivan, with draw
ings from nature by E. C. Peixotto, repro
ducing the most salient features of this
splendid editice; "Madame Annalena." a
short *tory by Biiss Perry.
McClure's is always readable nowacays,
j and the January number is no exception.
The history of Lincoln by Miss Tarbell
increases in interest. Another is a paper
by Murat Halstcad on "Elaine's Candi
dacy for the Presidency in 1894." Eliza
| beth Stuart Phelps, continuing her charm
ing autobiographical chapters, describes
with the fullest sympathy and yet with
unfailing vivacity the life of "the Ando
ver of New England theology ; the Ando
ver of a peculiar people, the Andover that
held herself apart from the world and all
that was therein" — an Andover which, she
truly say?, "will soon become an interest
ing wraith." Other noteworthy features
of the number are a popular article by the
eminent astronomer, Sir Kobert Ball, giv
ing the latest information regarding "j in
Bun's Light," and excellent short stories
by Anthony Hope ami Herbert D. Ward.
In Frank Leslie's Monthly Christrras
and incw Year articles meet the require
ments for holiday literature. There is an
interesting article on great ship canals by
Arthur A. Abbott. '-A Bygone Bohemia*'
is an account of the set "of free and easy
spirits that flourished in New York in the
fifties. There are numerous stories and
poems, and a weaith of illustrations.
In the January Forum there is a finan
cial article by Adolf Dadenburg, which in
a reply to Leroy Beaulieus article in the
December issue. Other notable articles
are: '-Railroad Rate Wars; T^ieir Cause
and Cure;" "Some Naval Aspects of the
Japan-China War"— the latter by Vice-
Admiral Sir Edward R. Fremantle, H. B.
M. navy.
The novelette in the January number of
"Lippincott" is "Mrs, Crichton'a Credi
tor," by Mrs. Alexander. Other articles
are: "The Moonshiner of Fact," by
Francis Lynde; '-Landmarks," by Charles
C. Abbott; "Architecture in America," by
John Stewardson; "The Man Who Came
to Town," by Charles Dudley Rhodes;
"The Way of a Will." by W. T. Nichols,
and "Our Lady of the Angels," by Dorothy
E. Nelson.
In its exterior the January Cosmopoli
tan has a surprise for its friends in a new
cover, well colored and drawn. Between
the covers is a rich store of stories and de
scriptive articles. Robert Louis Steven
son's story, "A Tragedy of the Great
North Road," is more interesting than
ever. Altogether the number is above the
average, and that is saying a good deal.
LITEKAKY NOTES.
Shelley spent between one and two
years in writing "Queen Mab."
Pope, when translating Homer, con
sidered from fifty to one hundred lines to
be a fair day's work.
Mme. Sarah Grand ig said to have re
ceived over $10,000 on a 10 per cent royalty
for the American rights in "The Heavenly
Twins."
Sixty-nine Christmases are a good many,
but the Youth's Companion celebrated its
sixty-ninth last year, and is more vigor
ous than ever before.
Thackeray would produce, under pres
sure, a novel in six or eight months. He
did not like to work, and, as he stated,
only did so under compulsion.
Mrs. Oliphant has written the volume on
Joan of Arc for The Heroes of the Na
tion series. This leads the Tribune to ask
whether Joan is a hero or heroine.
There is but one collection of the por
traits of Lincoln that pretends to be com
plete, and that is the collection made by
the publishers of McClure's Magazine.
The next volume in the "Rural Science
Series" will be an important monograph
on the "Spraying of Plants," by E. G.
Lodeman, instructor in horticulture in
the Cornell University.
It is said that Jules Simon's real name
is Suisse, and that when his first book was
written Victor Cousin advised him to
change it on account of the number of
Swiss acting in the capacity of concierge
in Paris.
Mrs. Elizabeth Stuart Phelps has a srood
short story entitled "Twenty-four: Four"
in the January Harper's. It is a New
England tale of alternating humorous and
pathetic interest, in which the telephone
piays an important part.
Miss Marie Corelli writes to the New
York Herald that she is a most mo.ie-t
and retiring person, and that she refuses
all requests for her portrait or to arpear
before the public, though she might make
j a preat deal of money by reading from her
; own work?.
George Gissing, a novelist, now much
praised in England, is a young and very
accomplished man. He has traveled much
and speaks several languages. He lives at
Epsom and seldom visits London. He is
described as "an extremely handsome
man, with auburn hair and mustache and
lar;.-e intelligent eyes."
St. Nicholas recently offered prizes for
the best corrections of a misspelled poem.
More than 10,000 answers were re.
from all over the world— from Turkey,
Eirvpt and Europe; from a little Count, i
in Vienna and from the grandchildren of
Emerson and Hawthorne in America.
The committee reluctantly states that the
penmanship of the English and Canadian
children excels that di Uncle Sara's boys
and girls.
Dr. Edward Everett Hale Is responsible
for this story: "When Canon Farrar left
us some years ago— a most charming and
intelligent visitor— he told Phillips Brooks
that he was uoing to give a farewell lecture
on his impressions of America. Brooks,
who was a thorough American and a per
son of excellent common-sense, said to him
promptly: 'Don't do any such thing. In
the tirst place you have no impressions
and in the second place they are all
wrong. 1 "
Some weeks ago Andrew Lang brought
down upon his head the wrath of Ameri
cans by defending the action of an Eng«
lish publishing house in suppressing an
American imprint from a book published
both here and in England. In his de
fense Mr. Lang rang a change upon the
old-time query, and asked, patronizingly,
Who cares for an American imprint?
Lately, however, he is himself moved to
wrath by the flippant comment of the
London Athemtum upon a volume of
"Harvard Studies in Greek Philoloey."
The Athenseum reviewer asks: "Who will
adventure himself to read an essay of
eighty-four pages in Latin? Why not
leave such things to the Germans?" Upon
which Mr. Lang indignantly comments:
"Why not, indeed, bring us the Rag-Bag,
or Tid-Bits, and let our cousins, American
or Teutonic, do the scholars' work of the
world? The classical studies of Harvard
are an example to us in Oxford and Cam
bridge, even if they are, necesbarily, of no
interest to literary ruraJ spinsters and pil
lars of the circulating library." Coming
from so genuine a scholar as Mr. Lang,
this generous outburst is a compliment
indeed.
NEW TO-DAY.
HAVE YOU
HEARD ABOUT
THE WONDERFUL
NEW REMEDY
THAT SO QUICKLY
RELIEVES AND CURES
SORE THROATS,
HEAD COLDS,
HEAD, FOOT, FACE,
EAR and TOOTHACHE,
fMITCHELL'SI
IGIMOIII
I Sold by Drnggists at 25c, 50c. $1
Pour some out in a small teacup,
when half e%-aporated keep for
EXTERNAL USE ONLY for
pains in the side, chest or back,
sciatic or asthmatic pains or
bruises, stiff necK. Cover and
keep the cup. If dry add a iittle
lotion to the sediment.
2122
The Drama.
Several interesting openings occur to
morrow night. Marie Wainwright, who
baa not paid a visit to this City for <ome
years, will appear at the Baldwin Th< ater
i;i a play which has won praise from East
ern critic and which is said to afford her
good opportunities for displaying her ver
satility. Lmis James, separated from his
former partner, Frederick Warde, comes
etarring alone at the California. He an
nounces his intention of keeping to the
classic repertoires, and will give produc
tions whiv'h afford him a chance of assert
ing himself more than was t lie case when
he was supposed to divide honors with
Frederick Warde.
The Frawley Company comes back to the
Columbia Theater almost with unbroken
ranks. For the last few months the troupe
ions JAMES AS VIRGIMIS AT THE CALIFORNIA.
has been playing very successfully in dif
ferent parts of the State and a warm wel
come will certainly be given tbe histrions
by their many San Francisco friends.
Baldwin Theater.
"Daughters of Eve," a play neiv to San
Francisco, will be produced at the Bald
win Theater to-morrow. It is the joint
work of Messrs. Lancaster and Magnus,
and was written expressly for Marie Wain
wright, who will appear in the dual title
role.
In "Daughters of Eve' MissWainwright
assumes the part of two sisters, twins.
One is refined and modest, in fact, an ideal
girl; the other runs away from her home
and becomes an adventuress in London.
The play is said to be well constructed
and to contain some good dramatic scenes.
The company includes Nathaniel Hartwig,
Barton Hill, Joseph Zahuer, Geoffrey
Stein, Fultoir Russell Jr., Alfred Burn
ham, Howard West. Walter Crane, Miss
Hattie Russell. Miss Gertrude Elliott, Miss
Jane Holly, Mis-s Dorothy Thornton.
The engagement of the Tavary Grand
Opera Company at the Baldwin is for
three weeks. It begins on the 3d of next
month.
California Theater.
Louis James will commence a two weeks'
engagement at the California Theater to
morrow night in a revival of Sheridan
Knowies' tragedy "Virginias."
His season here will be devoted exclu
sively to tragic and romantic roles.
"Yirginius" will be repeated on Tuesday
and Sunday nights and at the Saturday
matinee. "Hamlet" will form the bill for
"Wednesday and Thursday and "Macbeth"
▲ SCK.NE IKO.M "THE LOST PARADISE" AT THE COLUMBIA - " YOU'RE
HUNGRY, THAI'S ALL."
Friday and Saturday nights. His Hamlet
is somewhat of a departure from beaten
paths, and ,'iis Macbeth is a litting com
panion to his Vireinius and his Othello.
Louis .lames carries a carload of scenery
and appliances, and the staging and cos
tuming of his plays are said to be very
elaborate.
His company includes William Harris,
Guy Lindsler, Harry Langdon, James
Harrison, \\ ilfrid Northe, Miss Florence
Everatt and Miss Alma Kruger.
"In Old Kentucky" will be seen at the
California Theater on Monday, the 20th.
Columbia Theater.
The Frawley company will begin a lim
ited engagement at the Columbia Theater
to-morrow evening. The organization now
includes Walter P>ellews, for several years
the stage manager of the Lyceum com
pany, and who has devoted considerable
attention lately to the production of Henry
C. de Mille's play, "The Lost Paradise."
It deals with factory life and the social
problems that are agitating the world at
the present time. This play has met with
success in the Fast, having run in New
York City for nearly a year. The manage
ment of the Columbia Theater have had
new scenery painted for this production.
The cast of the Frawley company includes
Blanche L. Bates. Belle Archer, Hope
Ross, Lansing Rowan, Phosa McAllister,
Jennie Kennark, Little Mildred, T. Daniel
Frawley, Charles W. King, Maclyn Ar
buckle," George W. Leslie, H. D. "Blake
more, Wilson Enos, George Bosworth,
Frank C. Thompson, Eugene Moore,
Thomas A. Phillips and Walter Bellews.
The second week of the engagement will
be a repertoire week, including "The
Arabian Nights," "Nancy <fc C 0.." "Young
Mrs. Winthrop" and "The Jilt." The
third week will be devoted to "Moths,"
and the fourth week to "Men and
Women."
CJrover'n "Alcazar.
Monday will see the first performance
of the French farce-comedy "My Precious
Baby" at Grover's Alcazar.
The story, which is full of comical situa
tions, hinges on the fact that Mr. and Mrs.
BirkeU have a son, Adolphus, who has
been brought up at his mamma's apron
strings, and is still regarded as the
precious baby. With advancing years the
baby takes to the wild ways of youth, and
commences the process of sewing his wild
oats.
The disorders into which the baby falls
with the aid of his tutor and the complica
tions which are brought about through
Betsy, the housemaid, and Mrue. Polenta,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
an opera sineer, give rise to some funny
situations. Miss Mina Cleveland and Miss
Canaille Cleveland have been especially
engaged for the production of "My Pre
cious Baby."
"On Wednesday at the "Pop" matinee
the presentation to all the visitors of pop
ular novels will be resumed.
Oraiul Opern-House.
An old-time English drama, "The Fugi
tive," will be produced at the Grand to
morrow night. It was written by the
veteran playwright Tom Craven, and from
the time of its original production at the
Adelphi Theater in London— where it had
a record run— the play has been popular.
Its story is of middle class English life in
the eighteenth century, and the plot con
tains strong situations as well as comic
ones. In many respects the drama is the
best of the many productionsof its author.
There is plenty of scope for scenic effect
in "The Fugitive," which Morosco's artists
will take advantage of. Particularly does
this apply to a sea scene in which a ship
wrtck and the hero's rescue occur. The
title role is to be played by H. Coulter
Brinker.
Tivoli Opera-Hou.se.
The second edition of the mythological
burlesque "Ixion," or "The Men of the
"Wheel, 1 will be given this week at the
Tivoli Opera-house. New songs, dances
and specialties will be introduced and a
performance different in many particulars
i will be given.
j Ferris llartman, Thomas C. Leary,
i Alice Carle, Laura Millard, John J. Raf
! fael, Little Gertie Carlisle and Little Pearl
Landers will all have new bpecialties.
Miss Jennie Stockmeyer, the black "Tril
; by," will have a new coon song, and the
: ballet will appear in novel terpsichorean
: divertissements.
"Ixion" will be continued until further
! notice. The next production will' be "The
Gentle Savage."
At the Orpheum.
Six more people will be put on the list
of acts at the Orpheum to-morrow evening.
The new acts will be presented by Mason
and Healy, humorous sketch artists; the
Deltorellos, eccentric musical clowns, and
; Ducrow and Bush, who will introduce a
novel aerial spectacle known as the double
giant fee' swing.
This new influx of performers will dis
| miss the last of the holdovers, including
Hill and Hull and Clotilde Antonio, who
will go to Los Angeles.
Caron and Herbert, who are remaining,
have been the hit of the performance for !
the past week; while the Comedy Four
and Clifford and Huth have also been high
in favor.
jMacrionough Theater.
Rice's "1492" commences a three nights' |
engagement at the Macdonough Theater,
Oakland, to-morrow night.
WORK THA.T PAYS.
Mrs. Kyley and Miss Stone Arc Drawine
Handsome Incomes From I'lays. ' : :.
Play-writing is a profitable profession
: and one in the benefits of which women
i are coming to take their share. It re
quires unswerving effort and a large al
lowance of patience to win success in
writing for the stage, but the artistic
and financial returns are well worth wait
ing and striving for. This is the unani
mous verdict of the women who recently I
; have made admirable additions to dra
i matic literature.
One must hope and study and never ,
■ cense from endeavoring, says Miss Mary j
: Stone, whose dramatization of "A Social
Highwayman" has given her a familiar
name with the theater-going public.
To write a. good play you must have a j
: professional knowledge of the stage, adds i
Mrs. Madeline Lucette Ryley, author of I
that phenomenal little comedy; "Christo
pher Jr." These two clever pen-women
! agree on another important point, namely,
that twelve months' hard work is not a
j bit too much effort to put into a r/lay,
j whether it .be a tragedy or comedy, and
quite as emphatically do both of them de
j clare that the production of a play need
not be the result of inspiration. Every
morning, whether moved by the desire or
no, Mrs. Ryley goes like a'well regulated
business woman to the. desk and there, for
so many hours, she painstakingly and per
sistently composes, until stern discipline
prevails over rebellious brains that settle
| at last to the task in -hand and the happy
; faculty and interest is gained.
, J "My own method," explains Miss btone,
; ! "is simple enough. After 11 o'clock in
, : the evening I get at my desk from then
until 3 o'clock in the morning, and am
i busy getting up what you may call in
: spiration. and writing steadily. I never
i set pen to paper, however, until act,
. | scenes and the major portion of the
dialogue is mapped out clearly in my mind,
', • and, though I've not had "any personal
i connection with the theater, I have
' always, since my earliest youth, studied
, i plays and stage methods a*s faithfully as
' ; an actress from my orchestra chair.
[ I "That knowledge," continued Miss
i Stone, "is simply indispensable and I
\ j practiced first at dramatizing the stories
| I found in books, which is at once
' I very ditiicuit and seemingly easy work.
' After abundant and fruitless writing
j I failed to hit the mark until with a play
, made from Stanley Weyman's 'House of
, the Woli' I earned the notice of a well
; ! known actor, and 'A Social Highwayman'
i ! was put into my hand for adaptation. j
I Now I am at work on a comedy of Ameri
i can life in plot and treatment ail my own,
I and though it has taken years, of course,
j to work up this far in profession, once
, ! the successful vein is reached the return is
j j the richest and readiest a woman can earn.
Once on the stage and attracting good
j audiences one's play literally becomes a
i little automatic money machine, earnintr
j its author's income weekly at the rate of 5 !
; ; per cent on the receipts in a way the most j
popular book can never do."
I It required Jive years of waiting, re
| writing, disappointment and renewed
■ hopes alternating for Mrs. Ryley to per- '
! suade her manager that. "Christopher Jr." j
was at length worth public approval. The |
I five years had been preceded by many I
j others of rather fruitless pen work, and j
j by all the laws governing human nature |
this seemingly would-be dramatist ought :
long ago to have relinquished her am- j
bitions; but since the placing of "Christ- i
opher Jr." have come flattering offers from |
actors and managers to contract for plays, j
Already an elaborate historical drama of :
Richard Savage's life and a comedy of !
American society have been arranged for
production by Mr. Goodwin, and Mrs.
Ryley agrees with Miss Stone that the
woman is yet to appear who will write a
great tragedy, though the highest fame
and n golden fortune await her arrival.—
Cleveland Leader.
"Was She Keally Angry?
Miss Katherine ('trey, who played here
last season with the Frawley Company,
was dreadfully put out when she discovered
the other day that the American Baptists
had issued a book entitled "The Tempta
tion of Katherine Grey." She looked upon
the title as a personal insult. Although
"The Temptation of Katherine Grey"
proved to be nothing more than a "power
erful novel" that had nothing whatever to
do with the stage, sue felt that she was too
well known to permit it to pass unnoticed.
•She consulted lawyers, and finally— ah,
here's the rub!— landed at the olh'cp of her
press agent. This far-seeing gentleman
did not view the matter as an undiluted
calamity. The motto of the press agent is :
"Any mention is better than no mention at
all," and he told Miss Grey that there was
no reason why she should be so agitated;
that, in fact, the book could not possibly
do her any harm whatever.
A California Cellist.
Edgar Straus, a young San Franciscan,
who has acquired a great reputation as a
cellist, is making a remarkable success in
his tour of the Antipodes according to the
Australian papers. .Mr Straus is a native
son and well known in this City, in fact, hn
was born here, his father Eraanuel Straus,
being vice-president of the California Can
neries Company. Mr. Strati* is now under
MARIE WAIN WRIGHT AT THE 15ALDH IN.
engagement for a tour througn Europe. He
will go there direct from Australia, visit
ing London, Berlin, Vienna and other
large European cities in his tour.
Mormon Singers.
All arrangements have been made for five
big concerts to be given at Metropolitan
Temple by the Mormon Tabernacle Choir
200 strong. They travel in a solid Pullman
special. One concert will be given in Oak
land at the Congregational Church.
Dramatic Brevities.
Sousa's band comes to San Francisco
next month.
A report is current that Maud Adams
will star next season.
The English actor, John Hare, has made
an excellent impression in New York.
Corinne will shortly present her latest
success. "Hendrik Hudson," at the Cali
fornia Theater.
Clara Morris is the author of several
short stories, which will shortly be pub
lished in book form.
Wilson Barrett's second dramatization
MASON AXD HEALEY AT THE ORPHEUM.
and production of "The Manxman" has
ended in disastrous failure in London.
The new opera-house at Redwood City
will be opened by the Frawley Company
with a production of "Men and "Women.' 1
The Paderewski concerts nt the Califor
nia Theater will cover a period of two
weeks. The first will be given in five
weeks.
The First Regiment, T T niform Rank
Knights of Pythias, have arranged fora
week's benefit at the Columbia Theater
this month.
Charles Hopper has made his initial trial
of "Chimmie Fadden," a play based on F.
\V. Townscnd's sketches, and it seems
likely to be a success.
The new symphony orchestra under the
direction of James Hamilton Howe will
give a series of symphony and popular
concerts at the Columbia Theater.
The "Golden Stairway to Heaven" in
"Hansel and Gretel" is one of the most
superb stage effects ever seen. The stairs
looU as though they were studded with
diamonds.
A newspaper correspondent writing from
Brighton, England, says that Mary Ander
son de Navarro has become almost an in
valid. She is said to have changed from
the slender woman of yore to matronly
proportions.
Hubert Herkomer, the distinguished
English artist, suggests that the proscen
ium of the stage be made contractible, so
that there may bo a different sized frame
for a scene representing a garret from that
used for an out-of-door picture.
Sarah Bernhardt has turned on the tap
of her American love once more. She is so
fond of American audiences! She attaches
such faith to American judgment! She
dotes on New York, even revels in the
brusque glories of "the road"! Sarah is
coming over again, and she is not ashamed
of it. She is due at Abbey's Theater this
month.
A curious coincidence occurred while
John Hare, the English actor, was on his
way to this country. The vessel he was
on, the Germanic, struck a Glasgow boat
named the Cumbrae, sinking it, but not
before ail the passengers and crew were
taken off. Among the saved were the mem
bers of a theatrical organization, known
as the "Saved From the Sea" company.
DID NOT SIGN HIS NAME.
And So He Was Assaulted by
Train Officials, Says M.
C. Meeker.
Interesting Question in a Big Damage
Suit Against the Southern
Pacific.
A question that will be of intrrest to
travelers and ticket agents is involved in
the courts at Portland, in the suit
begun last week by MortC. Meeker against
the Southern Pacific for $10,000 damages
for injuries sustained in being put off the
train at Benicia on the 16th of last month.
The case will be fought largely over the
question whether Meeker was justified in
refusing to sign his name for a conductor,
who doubted that he was riding on his
own ticket.
Meeker, who is in town, spoke of his
case yesterday at the Baldwin :
"The facts of the case are these," he
said. "I purchased a ticket about No
vember 'JO for Kansas City providing for
transportation to Los Angeles and from
there to Portland by way of San Fran
cisco. The only conditions on the ticket
as to sien ing required that at the rethrn
destination, Los Angeles, I should be
identified by writing my signature on the
hack of the ticket. This 1 complied witli
an.i I had no trouble with the ticket until
after I left San Francisco for Portland. On
the Benicia ferry the conductor asked me
to sign my name on a card. I tola him
that my ticket did not require that and re
fused. I told him that if he could show
me that them was anything in the con
tract in the ticket requiring me to sign I
would so. The conductor finally took up
my ticket, giving me a claim check for it.
Later while I was in one of the day
coaches the conductor again appeared ac
comDanied by a companion, who the
conductor said was an agent, of the road,
demanding that I sign my name. I aeain
refused.
"I refused also to give up my claim check
without the return of the ticket. No
t sooner was this done than the bully
I grabbed me by the collar, and said: 'Get
I off the train, or I'll throw you off.' Just
then the conductor also took hold of me,
and the two yanked me about and threw
i me over the arm of the seat. • The passen
| gers in the car then interfered, remon
| stratinir against such brutality, and calling
out for fair piay and not to allow two men
to jump on one. They finally desisted,
but as a result of the rough treatment my
! right thigh has been badly twisted and my
j back severely wrenched.' '
i Meeker stated tliat he had been confined
! to a hospital for several days after his ar
i rival in Portland and is still lame. George
j H. Williams," who wast Attorncv-General
in President Grant's Cabinet, is his attor-
I ney in the case. Meeker states that the
j only question will be the amount of dam
! ages. ■
The Prince of Wales' racing yacht, the
Britannia, is now laid up at Cowes, where
she is being rccaulked and recovered.
PLANS FOR THE OLD HALL
Architect Shea's General In
structions for Compet
itors.
BUILDINGS TO BE FIREPROOF.
The Total Cost to Be Not Over $295,.
000— Party Walls to Be Removed
at Once.
The fortunate architect whose plans
meet with the approval of the Municipal
Buildings Committee of the Board of Su
pervisors will be employed to supervise the
construction of the buildings which the
City is preparing to erect on the site of the
old City Hall.
The committee, represented by Messrs.
Benjamin, Wagner and King, held a
meeting yesterday, at which Architect
Shea of the new City Hall was in attend
ance to present the general instructions to
men of his profession, which had been
asked by the committee.
After looking over and approving the
instructions the committee decided to ad
vertise for bids during the present week.
In order to bring as many architects as
possible into the competition, the sujzges
tion of Mr. Shea that three prizes, in addi
tion to the position of supervising archi- '
tect. be given, was adopted, and the second
best plan submitted will entitle the de- i
signer to $750, third best to $500 and fourth
best to $250.
The plans will provide for two buildings,
one where the old City Hall stood and i
the other on the site which the Morgue ;
now occupies. Both are to be fireproof,
the main building to be four stories and a J
basement and the smaller two stories.
In the hall proper will be accommoda- !
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
HM LDWIIIiI^"^ TO " N N DAY )
O^rh!&ATßl^r= C^ D HERRMANN G^gl T
IN HIS MARVELOUS BULLET-CATCHING FEAT.
COMAIENCINCi MONDAY, JANUAkY TWO WEEKS ONLY,
EVERY EVENING, INCLUDING SUNDAY-MATINEE SATURDAY,
THE CHAP.MING AND BRILLIANT ARTISTE,
And her own splendid company, prosontln? for tlie fiis-. v..-kA. K. Lancaster and Julian
-Maynus Powerful Emorional Drama
"DAUGHTERS OF EVE!"
.A. GREAT O-A.ST.
Nathaniel Hartwlg, Barton Hill, Howard West, Hattie Russell. Joseph Zahner Jane Holly,
Fulton Russell, Doroth vTliormon. Alfred Burnham, Gertrude Elliott, Goeffrey stein and others.
BKCOND WKEK-"The Love Ullage," "An Unequal Match," "As You Like It,"
and " amil "
r -
AkX'M B3s^SSffiS« .^"atma* TO-NIGHT LAST TIIVIE
ffjlUrVKnHi |M^ B MAY3 ;^ wm
HISS THEATRE phops- "THE WIDOW JOKES."
COMMENCING MONDAY, JAN. 6 TWO WEEKS' ENGAGEMENT OF
AMERICA'S REPRESENTATIVE TRAGEDIAN,
MR. LOUIS JAMES
And His Excellent Company, In Repertoire Ist Week:
Monday, Tuesday and Sunday JViglits, = = _ "Vf POFNII
AND SATURDAY MATINEE, ' * i V v - i I 1 ■ VJaJ^
Wednesday and Thursday Sights, = = = = "HAMLET"
Friday and Saturday Sights - = = = "MACBETH"
Second Week-Monday and Thursday, "MAKMION" (First Time Herei ; Tuesday,
"OTHELLO" (by Kequest); "Wednesday and Sunday, ••MACBETH"; Friday
Night and Saturday Matinee, "KOMKO AM) JULIKT" (3lr.
James as BEercutio); Saturday Night, 'HAMLKT.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Ilandsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO So'.e Lessee and Manajsr
TO-MORROW EVENING MONDAY, JANUARY 6.
...GREAT 81LL!....
TOM CRAVEN'S GRAND COMEDY-DRAMA,
THE FUGITIVE!
A story in which tears and laughter are cleverly intermingled.
QCC ( MILLS BY MOONLIGHT
occ —and- ( SCFNE
THE REALISTIC shipwreck ) WWfclllfc
THE USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
rRitBLAnBLR.OOTTI.ODfI o>- lUMSAaarvwuiOtt"
-TO-NIGHT
San Francisco's Favorite,
FANNY RICE
As "NANCY"
"ATTHE FRENCH BALL!"
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY.
MATINEE TO-DAY. SUNDAY, AT 2
P. M., AND TO-NIGHT.
"OUR BOAR»HOIISE."
3vto3xrx>^a.-ir,
First performance of the Great French Success
MY PRECIOUS BABY.
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c. 25c
Night Prlces-lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c. sOc.
ORPHEUM.
O'Farrell Btree:. Between Stociston anl Po t»IL
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY). JAN. 5.
Parquet, any seat. '_'6c; Balcony, any seat, 10c-
Children, any par:, 10c. ■>> ■>
A , BRILUAST HW TEAR'S BILL!
Introducing Stars of the First Magnitude.
CARON AND HERBERT,
BERNARD DYLLYN,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
CLIFFORD AND HUTH,
And Our Unrivaled Vaudeville Co.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
3 Nights, Beginning Tomorrow (Monday).
POPULAR MATINEE WEDNESDAY.
RICE'S Bid "1492."
Secure your seats in advance.
tions for the Police Courts, the four crimi
nal departments of the Superior Court,
police department, District Attorney anu
Receiving Hospital. The Central Police
Station and jail wiil occupy the' basement,
and in the upper story an armory and
drillroom will be provided for the force.
The cost of the buildings is not to exceed
$2!).-.,0G0.
Chairman Benjamin stated that he had
been unable to ascertain that the board
had ever given the owners of buildings
adjoining the City property on Washing
ton street permission to use walls abutting
on their structures as party walls, and
that as one of these walls encroaches on
the lot it should, in his opinion, come
down whether t:.e property-owners like it
or not.
It was decided on this showing to in
struct the contractor who obtained the
work of removing the old buildings to re
move the wall at once that the matter of
clearing up the lot may be carried out at
the earliest possible moment. It is not
improbable that the committee or the con
tractor will get, into a legal entanglement
over these instructions if carried out, for
an engineer who recently examined the
structure in question reported that through
age and setthnc the building was not as
secure as it might be, and that if the so
called party wall was removed the side of
the house might fall out and thus destroy
the entire structure.
Copies of the instructions will be fur
nished to aspirins architects by the Board
of Supervisors or by Mr. Shea.
CLEVERLY CAUGHT.
Henry Curtis, a Burglar, Arrested While
Operating; in :i Saloon.
A clever capture of a burglar was mado
by Policeman Ed ODea on Market street
about 4 o'clock yesterday morning. While
passing the saloon of Kapp <fc Street, li'o*>
Market 9treet, he heard a noise insiiie. He
tried the door, but found it locked. This
aroused his suspicion that something was
wrong and he forced open the door.
Inside he found Henry Curtis, alias
Harry Linlev. a young man. Curtis haa
effected an entrance by forcing open the
door, which he afterward locked, and had
taken $21 30 from a drawer behind the
bar, and some ci^;'.rs and whisky from the
shelves. ODea pia •rt him under arrest
and toon him to the Bout hern police sta
tion, where he wr.s detained on the charge
of burglary.
TIVOLJ OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. ttM&nsit Kkklinb I'rr.prlßior j: AUo-fi*i
THIS EVENING
Gorgeous Uoli.lav Burlesque.
■~JL r l™ JtA3f OF^ THE_ >VHEKU_
GKEAT OAST! GRAN B.vu.Ei:
BKAITirn. SCENERY!
The WomlroiiH Transformation
"SKA SHELLS."
\i:XT WEEK
A SECOND EDITION!
XKW SONGS! NEW DANCES!
SEATS NOW ON SAIiK.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
DAILY FKO3I 1 TO 11 P. K.
WEATHER PERMITTING,
TO-DAY, AT 4 P. M.'i
MISS ESSIE VIOLA,
Queen of Aeronauts,
Will Give a Wonderful Balloon Ascen-
sion and Parachute Drop.
Illumination of Grounds To-Night.
ADMISSION 10 CENTS
Children (Including n Merry-Go-Konnd Ride), 100.
RACING! RACING! RACINGI
CALIFORMA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING
Beginning Thursday, Decsmbar 28,
BAY DISTRICT TR<\CK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday.
Friday and Ba urd iy. Bain or Shine.
FIVE OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 r. m. sharp.
McAllister and Qeary street cars pass the gate.
R. a 411U10Y. TIIOS. H. WILUAMSJR.,
Secretary- President.
COLUMBIA BICYCLE-RIDING
ACADEMY,
1«>:»» Page Street. Xear Stan van. Park
Entrance.
The Most Elaborate and
j Complete Cyclory in America.
Commodious indoor Kidlog and Instruction Hall
fully ciuipped and free from all obstructions
Luxurious Kecept ion-rooms, Baths, Lockers etn.
Columbia nnd Hartford Bicycles und Tamiemi
for Sale and lleut. "Wheels taken on storage.THE LATEST FASHION GOSSIP
FOR
WOMEN AND MEN
hteen hun : will be
indeed a "Happy New Year" if it con
linue? as it ha- the infant year
was warmly and . 'ely welcomed at
Burlingame and thi ■ ■■' iry Club on New
Year's day, for laces scores of
bright and cheerful-looking people ex
changed gr. - their friend?.
Some stui ms were seen at Bur
iingame. and almost all were of cloth or
fashio' : • ■ ien good?. One stylish lit
tle Jackson-street matron donned a chic
costume oi fine cloth of tobacco color. The
ekirt was cut by the very latest pattern
and had a glace taffeta lining. It had a
Louis XVI jacket, edged with mink, and
resting on the wearer's pretty head was a
velvet toque (exactly matching the cloth
in shade) which had two touches of bright
son, which gave an effective finish.
Another dress commented en was an
absolutely plain black tailor-made one,
l?ned with dull green silk. A black walk
lat and pearl colored gloves stitched
with black completed this costume, which
admirably suited the very stylish young
woman whom it beautified.
•he Century Club many were the
toilettes. Among those who re
ceived no one looked handsomer than a
stately woman with snowy hair piled high
on her head, who wore a gown of exceed
ingly rich Justerless black *:lk, made with
a demi-traMi and a vest of white chiffon
bite silk. A wee bit of a woman,
with Boft gray hair and such a sweet tace,
a biack silk skirt richly brocaded,
an annsualiy attractive waist of
Persian silk, with a most marvelous blend
ing of artistic shades, all of which pro
duced a pinkish effect which brought out
all the lovely tints in her complexion. A
lair-haired dame looked well in a decol
lete toilette- of light silk with light amber
colored trimmings, which were embroid
vith golden sequins.
A very looming creation wasof Dresden
Dale blue and pink flowers wandering
; white ground. Excellent Jace edged
-shaped neck, and a splendid opal
surrounded witn diamonds * held it to
gether.
Among the guests many were attired
in exceedingly handsome visiting cos
tumes. I noted one young married woman
in black velvet, the skirt made as usual,
but the jacket, which was lined with black
«:itin. had n deep collar of unusually hand
some chinchilla.
A well-known society woman looked j
well appareled in a skirt of biaclr Duchess
with a cuat of royal purple velvet
opening over a vestof white silk run with
Hi r hat was a black velvet picture
ol th<> <-ame fabric with a
< oiiar of ostrich plumt B.
A dainty <rentlewoman was clad entirely
in black silk witn a yoke of cut jet over
Q. Her bonnet was a dear
Frenchy affair composed of exquisite point
lace and black jet pins. Her cape of black
velvet had an apnlique of point lace
&"d I hall i that it was lined
with ' ; it had a sensible
lining or black satin, buf oh, how lovely
white satin is.
<>no of the best known members of the
club wore an elegant gov\ n of black silk
only relieved with a stock ollar of green
ish I. hie cloudy Dresden ribbon, and her
h bonnet was delightfully artinic
No wonder there was such a gathering
of young men, for some of the prettiest
girls in the City were present. Most of
them wore black silk skirt.- and pretty
bodices with swell capes.- There was a
dark-h.-vired debutaDte in a waist of dull
crimson silk through which ran str ; pe!> of
dull green, brown, yellow and pink. The
collar was of preen velvet with a stylish
bow at the back, and her sister wore a
waist of silk changing from light gr<-en to
pale blue, veiled with brown chiffon
which produced an excellent and novel
tffect
A waist I especially liked had a yoke of
white satin embroidered in the most deli
cately shaded Persian silks; the rest of the
garment was of a gray silk, which changed
to a rosy pink.
Another debutante with fascinating eyes
looked like a picture in her black velvet
hat and cape of deep^crimson edged with
mink.
Most of the girls had picture hat 9 and
preat capes of black velvet or sealskin, at
which we only cast a passing glance, as
all were deposited in the dressing-room,
>pace being at a premium, but then any
one who does not enjoy a jam should
never attend a tea, and I heard at least a
dozeu men remark that they bad never
funy realized how jolly a tea was until
Wednesday. Now they should return the
compliment and invite us all to a tea at
one of the clubs on Washington's birth
day, which falls on a Saturday. It would
be sucn a novelty for the men to be "at
home," but, as this is leap year, I con
sider thi.i a bright idea.
At one time I had only three people
standing on my dress, but I do not mind
Fuch things in the least. However, a
friend of mine, who is a bloomer bicyclist,
does so. I said to her, "Next time try
wearing your bloomers," and that is a
hideous idea, for fancy a tea under such
circumstances!
, \ have just been reading about the Phila
delphia (Pa.) Century Club, and find that
Vc a i- IKnedbvtbatremarkablewoman .
Mrs. Is. (-.Townsend, all her desires having
been earned out by a practical woman
architect. The library and committee
rooms, etc. are on the first floor, and on
the second floor is a spacious drawing-room
With a wonderfully perfect miniature stage
at one end. Many young women belong to
this club who thoroughly enjoy the private
theatricals.
Tfiere is a third floor where out-of-town
members can be accommodated with de
lightful rooms, and quite at the top of the
building are the kitchens, presided over by
an excellent chef. This club is not only nut ed
for the many intellectual feasts constantly
presented to its members, but also for the
amount of charity done by two commit
tees. One is for the "legal protection of
workingwomen," the other is "the guild
for giving young workingwomen a chance."
At a recent charity bazaar the most suc
cessful counter was called • a ' charing- !
dish" counter. This was arranged quite j
as an ordinary lunch counter, and behind
it, at regular intervals, were lovely looking
I girls, each presiding over a chafing dish
lining the concoction in which she j
excelled. So one had his choice of rarn- i
bit, Scotch woodcock, chicken, terrapie,
lobster a la Xeuberg, oysters a la poulette,
etc., and it was indeed an embarras de rich- j
esse to choose one from so many good
things. Each young woman was gowned
in a white linen skirt and jacket, a dainty i
shirt, and the regulation white cap of the
Cordon Bleu. Their smart frocks, be- I
jeweled ringers and charm of manner, to
gether with the daintiness of the service,
•ielighted their patrons to such an extent
that as soon as they had quite finished
testing the contents of one or the other of
these fairy kitchens they were obliged,
however reluctantly, to ?eek the next at
traction to make room for those who were !
waiting to be initiated. I must not fail to
mention that this petite soiree was hold two j
evenings, but not during the afternoons, '
otherwise this "counter" would have been
unappreciated.
We are always pining for something
new, so why not try such a counter at the
next large charity tea or bazaar.
Many people can afford artistic and mas
sive silver, but nowadays the craze is for
old, odd or rare silver. I presume much
such silver is scattered over this City, for
1 recently saw at one home alone not only
some rare pieces that came to this country
during Colonial days, but also specimens
of wonderfully carved silver from India,
most exquisite cruets and spoons from
Norway, a massive ladle from St. Peters
burg and a number of pieces from other
countries, but what a difference there is
when people personally make such collec
tions. If gifted with ordinary taste, they
can find unique and beautiful articles so
entirely unlike most of the things col
lected wholesale with which the country is
flooded.
How many silver trinkets were sent as
gifts this season and bow unusually beau
tiful were many in design!
The two costumes given in this group
were both, as you see, sketched in Paris.
The visiting dress has a skirt of handsome
plain brown cloth, and is lined with the
darkest purple silk, which exactly matches
the velvet of which the waist is made.
The sleeves are covered with beautiful
white and green applique, the yoke effect
being carried out in the same colors. The
yoke i 3 edged with sable. The large satin
bow at the back matches the velvet, as do
also the black feathers at the neck those
on the hat, which is made of the same
velvet as the waist. The buttons are of
handsome green, "white, black and purple
enamel.
The other gown has a skirt of rose pink
taffeta, but the waist is relieved with the
dull green sa tin embroidered in black silk.
The same embroidery apjpears around the
skirt. The sleeves are of white Dresden
silk covered with green and pink blurred
roses. The outstaud frill is of changeable
mousseline de sole.
A chic evening waist is composed of
apple-green satin over which is arranged
rich lace. The immense collar is wonder
fully becoming. Biack satin ribbon en
circles the waist, tying in a large cbou in
the back. Three long pieces extend up
the front, ending in choux with diamond
centers.
Such a waist is-only a success when good
lace is used, otherwise it will be a complete
failure. The lace completely covers the
back and ends in two square little tails.
The chou has a diamond center.
Mnie. Esperi, a noted P^ris dressmaker,
has lately completed a most delightful
evening gown. It is cut en princesse and
is decollete and is composed of rich ivory
white satin, which shows a front of royal
rose pink velvet. Where the two join the
satiu is cut in deep scallops, which are
most exquisitely embroidered in pink
pearls. The very low-cut bodice is held in
place by while satin ribbons, which pass
over the shoulders, the odd sleeves are
rose-colored mousseline de soie. On the
right side, extending from the bust to the
waist, are three choux of rose velvet with
pearl centers.
A very lovely young girl here wore
when receiving lately at a large tea given
on Broadway a gown of pale-green satin,
simply but most artistically designed, the
godeted skirt hung to perfection and tbe
waist with elbow-sleeves fitted equally
well, Satin ribbons, edged deeply with
gold sequins gave a Frenchy touch to the
prettiest frock worn by any of the young
girls present.
Most men fancy that women are never
so nappy as when ordering or having
made new gowns, but the truth is that
unless a woman can go to the best of tail
ors or dressmakers she has, to say the least
an annoying and fatiguing time ; of course
if her patience is rewarded with success,
she is radiant, but only too frequently
when she has every reason to expect a
dainty, pretty frock, she receives an ab
surd affair, which has neither fit nor style,
and 1 will always maintain toat the most
expensive dressmakers like the most
costly silts, arc the cheapest in the eudj^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
however, an inteilieent woman who sews
well, frequently docs wonders when she
understands fully what is desired, but so
few know exactly what they wish, so the
result is more often than not unsatisfact
ory.
\\ orth always kept a large number of
birds from all parts of the world and many
rare flowers, and on one occasion he in
formed a patron that when he required
new ideas concerning combinations he
studied his birds ana flowers, and since
then I have hoard that many of our most
successful dressmakers do likewise, for to
have our gowns co-rrect the designers must
not only study the historical descriptions
and Daintinea of bygone periods, but must
be true artihts as well, so as to properly
handle the exquisite shades and colors
now at their command. As a Paris corre
spondent remarks: "During the coming
reason styles belonging to all periods of
French history will be seen, like unto a
kaleidescope of fashion, carrying us in
their rushing swifs.ne.ss from the ponder
ous, .heavy splendor of the Middle Ages to
the more elaborate if perhaps less grand
period of Francois Premier, and gently
gliding to the dainty and exquisitely col
ored modes of the Louis from first to last."
Every one of us may not only find "ser
mons in stones," but many a valuable sug
gestion for our worldly needs from our
feathered friends and "from every flower
that blooms. A few days ago I saiv an
exquisite orchid, the outer leaves of which
were of a clear pinkish mauve, the
trumpet-shaped center being of a deep
shade of ricii pinkish purple lined with
fine lines of black and yellow. Who can
not receive from such a flower the idea for
a Frenchy blending of the snades — the
skirt of mauve satin, the bodice of deep
pinkish purple velvet embroidered in black
and gold sequin-;
A friend of mine had a most successful
fancy dress not long ago, as she went as
"Pretty roily," her gown carrying out in
green, yellow and red polly's bright-hued
feathers, and this costume came from Paris
direct.
We have been hearing so much about
"pink coats" lately that it is interesting to
note that several prominent women in
England, who follow the hounds, are dis
cussing the question as to whether they
shall or shall not adopt the pinK coat.
Many are in favor of doing so, and I see no
reason why they should not, as bright
coats would mate a delightful bit of color
in a hunting field. This, however, is not
intended as a suggestion for a bicycle cos
tume.
A new glove will shortly make its ap
pearance here. It is of black velvet suede,
with unsewn seamless fingers.
Knickerbockers of black "satin chamois,"
with detachable lining, are said to be de
lightful to wear, and I presume comfort
able. Of course, I mean worn under a
skirt when bicycling, as I have never
favored any costume for bicyclists except
ing the strictly tailor one, with jaunty
coat and waistcoat and well-made skirt.
Princess Maude of Wales is soon to be
come a bride. She is especially inter
esting at present and among other things
Bhe is said to ride well and gracefully,
though the daring feats of equestrianism
with which she has been credited are with-
out foundation. She and her sister Vic
toria are also fond of their bicycles.
A new and beautiful buckle for a waist
belt has appeared. It is composed of
enameled bows studded with diamonds on
either side of a center-clasp of diamonds.
This season dear little gold enameled
brooches which look as though tied with a
A Chic Evening Waist.
diamond bow, have been put up as
"Christmas Crackers" in silk and satin
and lace.
A fan just from Paris which I admire
is an Empire one mounted in dainty
mother-of-pearl and covered with exquis
ite Brussels applique lace, while silk
panels display a delicately painted pasto
ral scene.
Another beauty bin black lisse, mounted
on tortoise Bhell. richly inlaid with gold
and decorated by a charming idyl in
color. Yet another I nave heard described
as being of white lace mounted on a rare
and costly species of black mother-of-pearl
carved in relief.
Neck ruffles are so much in vogue that
descriptions of new ones are in order. One
that looks like a thick rope is caught here
and there with fittle frills. It is made en
tirely of white chiffon and edged with
black lace. The long ends are trimmed
with the lace in a wider width. Delightful
collars are made of the Nero black lisse
with white lace appiiqued on it.
An exceptionally handsome sable boa
worn here by a stylish woman has two
heads and ten tails.
It ?s quite a fad of the moment for those
artistically inclined to paint leather
screens. The leather comes prepared for
this purpose in many unusually attractive
art shades.
Straw lamp shades are novelties which
have met with approval.
Tulle shades are very fashionable and
many consider them to be the most beau
tiful devices to soften lamplight. Imagine
ten or fifteen double ruffles of pale-rose
tulle superimposed, the surface un broke a
to the top, for no ribbons or flowers appear
on these shades, which vary in price from
$15 to $35, according to size.' Something
quite new are shades of chameleon or rain
bow gauze. These silk gauzes have a white
ground and are splashed with pink, yel
low, green, blue and other colors. When
drawn together into the double puffs that
compose the shades the effect is extremely
pretty and the light passes through the
opalescent tints with a soft radiance that
is most agreeable. When of large size
shades of this kind cost $25.
If you can afford but one handsome
banquet lamp let me advise you to select
one of cut glass, as it not only- adds bril
liancy to your table but goes so exquisite
ly with any flower used and every course
set, besides you will aot weary of it as you
A* EVENING COSTU.ME.
[Reproduced from Revue de la Mode.]
I must of one of any other kind. Cut-glass
i candlesticks into which the princess bulb
i of glass titted with wick and chimney is
placed are especially pretty on a lunch
i table. . ■
_^ —
A welcome gift is a unique Chippendale
music cabinet in dark mahogany with silk
curtains matching the tints in the music
room.
Desiring to cater to thi3 tasle for special
rooms, a well-known firm in London has
purchased in its entirety Rubens' room,
which they are having carefully and ex
quisitely pieced together. Words but
poorly describe the beauties of this de
lightful chamber, the entire wallsof which
are covered with oak, arranged in compar
atively small panels. The doors are double
and elaborately carved. The center and
upper panels are open and barred with
delicately carved and fluted pillars, while
not the least noticeable are the worked
steel bandies which form an effective linish.
What a delightful woman the Princess
de la Tour d'Auvergne must be. An
American writes that she has every talent
ana is equally at ease in dictating the
terms of a treaty or washing her child's
face. She takes an interest in art, politics,
society, and still Dumas says of her. "she
is the typical femme dv foyer," a loving
wife and devoted mother.
Minnie Maddern Fiske is acting in
Brooklyn and causing much enthusiasm,
and, as a critic says, "she has developed
from a clever, intelligent girl actress into
a woman whose emotional powers are un
equaled by any in this country. Let us
hope San Francisco may soon have the
pleasure of welcoming her.
If the cold weather continues we will all
be investing in muffs and muffchains,
which are very charming affairs, being of
many designs; for instance, those of gold
exquisitely embroidered in either blue or
green, or still more beautiful is one show
ing a blending of pinks, greens and blues
in the enamel. Precious stones are much
used, especially in Paris are uncut emer
alds the rage, but all manner of stones are
used, opals being extremely popular at the
present moment.
Silver toilet articles are becoming too
commonplace, so ivory and shell are now
more stylish. They are rather more ex
pensive; one set of the most perfect ivory
snows on the back of the brush and mir
ror a crest in Dale-blue enamel, and a tor
toise-shell set shows a similar ornamenta
tion in dull gold. The tortoise shell is so
very appropriate for men. For children
mother of pearl is very exquisite when the
toilet-table is covered with baby blue and
white lace.
The girls who were at the pink luncheon
all had a lovely time, but then every one
enjoys being entertained at that hospitable
home on Jackson street.
I hear rumors about any number of
lunch and card parties which will be duly
announced in the near future; and no one
wishes you all a happier New Year than
does Marcella.
POR MEN.
A bright, chatty book has ju3t been com
piled under the title of "Natural History
iv Anecdote," by Alfred H. Mills. Writers
and public speakers find the little volume
invaluable.
At a charity ball given in Maryland last
NEW TO-DAY. .
I'LL GIVE $2500"
For Any Formula That . Will Permanently '
Remove
SUPERFLUOUS
a • Here's a chance for recent ad-
jML vi-rt is>Ts o£ such remedies to turn
jbJBdEEb them into cash.
W^flJ LADIES!— Don't be robbed for
(k«r 90 the chance of having your face
■ fL 77 disfigured. MY METHOD OF
\^ T USIiVG THE
frjgc ELECTRIC NEEDLE
! *i^SwsS* Is infallibly successful. Noother
>_TSS i -*'^ method or means has so far been
V^siOSj^.^ discovered. l'erfect and absolute
■** " * " ' " t "- guarantee. '
Reduced Prices During January.
MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
America's Beanty Doctor. •-:•".
40 and 42 Geary St., San Francisco, Cal;
month the hunt lancers, or hunting quad
rille, was quite a feature, as all the men
wore their pink coats.
Franklin Bartlett led the cotillon at the
first Patriarchs' ball this season.
Charles Gibson Jr. is reported to be a
sort of Boston Creighton AVebb.
Count Castellane is inakinir the Gould
money fly. Lately he paid 45,000 francs
for a table. Jf his new "hotel" is fur
nished throughout with proportionate ex
travagance somebody's dot will rapidly
vanish.
Much regret is being expressed over the
naval orders which will cause a very popu
lar captain shortly to leave our City for the
East.
All fashionable haberdashers now only
show neckwear to be tied by the wearer
and at the present moment the club ties
are the favorite and come in all materials
and in every color. However, red contin
ues in vogue.
Him says that as he has now reached
the russet and autumn of his life he had a
dream, but I quote, "I dreamt of browns
and russets and in my vision I saw myself
in a very smart brown — and white-checked
suit of dittoes, russet shoes of a tint be
tween the leaves of autumn and the per
fection of leather, a brown overcoat, a
brown Derby hat and a bright red tie."
The reason russet boots, as heavily
NEW TO-DAT.
WEDDING
GIFTS
v*\\ 1)/// And jKn gage-
/A \ \ \lf/s ment Presents—
iS \x\lLJm&y^ hero are a few
: *y^€sisE&£?' suggestions. An
* mm^skMWr Artistic Lamp
/VVf# and Silk Shade,
/Ok /7i a pieCe Of Rich
L/yj '•» $\ Glass, a Hand-
(^^•-^S^^Xv .-v?i some Ornament
W^i^v Ny V r«/ Or Onyx Table,
NJ?^^. V something use-
/ I ul and pretty in
. . \ -Jl China — that's
A- (j the sort of pres-
• N J> C] jr to make.
*yQ» «\ ( And it's on
*\ ■ >O^ . snch things es-
yi'V""! pecially that
•Vs"** you make a big
V?» « saving by buy-
ing at the Wholesale Price.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE
A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevc's.
WANQENHEIM, STERNHEin& CO.,
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.,
. BELOW MONTGOMERY
FREUD'S CORSET HOUSE.
Largest Corbet House in America. .lust
received, a large invoice of Genuine
Thomson's GLOVK-FITTLNGOORSKTS,
the oldest, most reliable and best-
knowu Corseta in the world.
1. S'M -; . •. ; ". ■.. ' . 7
Countrr'Orders Promptly and Faithfully Filled. '"
JBfiS" Catalogue sent free upon application. -
j(fs~ Parcels delivered free to Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley. . . ' • •' t ,-j :
Make >•> Mistake' iv Our .Address: ■
M. FREUD & SON,
jfMM Jlartf t St. pd 10-13 (Jrant Avc.
soled as possible, are the most fashionable !
footgear this winter is attributed to the
golf craze from which Mew York is suffer
ing. The toes must be well rounded, not
pointed, indeed the pointed toes are de- !
cidedly out of style.
The gray Hombourg hat to be correct I
should have a black ribbon round it. I
saw one yesterday with a ribbon exactly
matchingthe felt.'and the result was de
cidedly unhappy.
Umbrellas with steel stems only are
fashionable. They, when rolled, should
not be more than an inch in thickness,
and should be carried, when not in use,
like a walking stick.
Smartly attired men are never seen
wearing fobs on watcbguards, any dis
play of jewelry being decidedly bad form.
The all-around turned-down collar is
daily increasing in favor, but thus far
neither the white silk waistcoats nor the
soft silk shirts have been sc«n in New
York.
The most correct thing in handkerchiefs
is of fine white linen, with hems not ex
ceeding a quarter of an inch/in depth.
Corduroy waistcoats are worn with
cycling, driving and golfing costumes.
I will never become accustomed to see
ing men in church attired in tweed suits,
and I am alluding to the many well-off
men who make so slight a study of appear
ances and appropriateness as to appear so
arrayed. It is simply incomprehensible.
Of course, such cases are fortftnately ex
ceptional; and men who, in other respects,
are careful of their appearance, will per
sist in wearing watch-chains draped across
their waistcoats which are sufficiently
substantial, apparently, to chain up a
good-sized dog. And what monstrous
things some of the cuff-links are !
The pajamas ol lieht French flannel are
excellent, and cost $5 a set. The pajamas
with pale blue or salmon-colored stripes
wash better than any others, I find.
In Canada hocky is being much played
by both men and women, and in Ottawa
there is an admirable skating-rink. The
curling links are most patronized by the
men.
Polo is an excellent game, and one well
understood by not a few of our young men,
as has been proved at Burlingame.
All of us are declaring that the Century
Club reception was a success, and are
ringing the praises of the charming host
esses. Both the Pacific Union and Bo
hemian clubs were well represented. That
eggnog was excellent! C. C.
HOW MEN PEOPOSE.
Some Examples From Recent Magazine
Fiction.
It is said that there are as many ideals
of beauty as there are men. This truism
also applies to other things, which is well,
otherwise we should be bored. Suppose
every lover proposed in precisely the same
way I One effect would be the demolishing
of the business of the story-writer. De
cember authors gallantly vary the inter
esting moment in their talcs. Here is the
way they get around the difficulty :
Mr. Howelk' young lady in Harper's,
after flatly telling the young man that
she guesses she doesn't care for him and
he can go away, says: "Thank you. I
only wished to know the worst. And you're
not going away hating me?"
"No; lovine you more than ever."
She turns her face and averts her eyes.
"Why— what are you — going for?"
"Phillippa!" He throws his arms about
her and clasps her to him.
Mr. Howells offers no explanation for her
turnabout propensities. His silence adds
weight to his well-known scorn for vacil
lating woman.
Kate Douglass Wiegin strings out the
proposal in her story to a column, which is
bad — at least for the article. But the lov
ers are 40 and 30, so it does not much mat
ter. And they had been engaged before.
In truth Madge Robertson has a pretty
story of a wealthy young medical student,
who so pities a deformed little child at a
clinic that he finally allows her to keep
the coveted exquisite silver box of bon
bons he was about to carry as a birthday
gift to the girl of his heart. He explains
to the young lady the absence of any gift
from him. When he had finished there
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
JVohlberg, Strauss & Frohman,
107-108 I»OST STREET,
1220-1222-1224 IIVE-A-MSUST STREET.
Annual : January
Clearance
Sale Now in Progress in Both Stores
January Sale
Fine Silks.
This week, rare doings at the Silk
counters. No carrying over until
next season here. Three lines of
choice colored Silks, which we have
reduced from one-third to one-half of
former prices as example of the great
Silk chances this week.
$1 25 and *1 50 FANCY COLORED
TAFFETA, DRESS SILKS, the kinds
for waists, dresses, street and evening HZS^
wear, probably 50 patterns and colors, • *J
reduced to Yard
85c FANCY COLORED TAFFETAS, Or\C
choice collection of changeable color \J\)
effects, best Silk bargain in the city at Yard
January Sale
Embroideries.
A superb showing and offering of
every desirable new style. An im-
mense stock purchased for this sale.
No prettier patterns anywhere, and
widths of lawn or muslin most gen-
erous.
GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES from Swit-
zerland, dainty patterns, an inoh in QAC
depth, on fine lawn three inches wide, O" '
pieces of 5 yards, worth 60c, for Piece
GUIPURE EMBROIDERIES, the pat- G[\C
tern 2 inches wide, lawn 5 Inches wide, DU
5 yards to piece, worth $1 20 Piece
(24 patterns in each style of above.)
FINE SWISS EMBROIDERIES, new
open-work effects, narrow edge with
deep cloth to make nice rallies, from OPLC
the smallest and daintiest up to 10 —•)
inches wide for skirts Yard
(Other grades sc, 10c, 12y 2 c, 15c, 35c, 50c.)
January Sale
Fine Hosiery. ,
Three items to represent fifty.
Fast colors and wear well. Qualities
in high-grade Hose at the prices of
ordinary kinds.
CHILDKEN'B WOOL HOSE, Derby
ribbed, double toes, soles and heels, OPLC
Hermsdori black, sizes 7 to 8 1 /*; *-«.)
others ask 33V3C lor them Pair
LADIES' FINE COTTON HOSE, black OXC I
or tan, high-spliced heels, double soles £O !
and toes; instead of a for $1 Pair i
(The 50c grade at StS^feO a pair.)
LADIES' SPUN-SILK HOSE, colors or Ob 1 .00
black, the regular $1 75 grade, on sale <Jpl
now at Pair
were tears in the girl's eyes, and she ex
tended her hands. "You'will go and see
the little thing aeain," she said, softly,
"and I— l should like to bo with you."
"Always?" ventured the young fellow,
his heat beating painfully.
He kissed her hand. Then he kissed her
arm. Then he looked up into her eyes,
and then— he kissed her lips. All this goes
to prove that the way to win a girl is to
find an object of charity and bestow on it
something intended for her.
In Lippincott's Mary E. Stickney's
novel, "The Old Silver Trail,' has a dou
ble-barreled oroposal. The first does not
count, because the silver mine blows up
and kills the girl's father in the midst of
it, and the girl breaks with her lover,
whom her fatbei* hated, because he has
ideas about Providence and its interfer
ence, JHere is the second one :
"Is it really you?" he incredulously
whispered with trembling touch raressing
the little hands. "You here! Why are
you here, Dorothy ?"
"The doctor wrote me that yon were
sick," she faltered, her lingers tightening
on his with a sort of shuddering tender
ness as at a remembered terror.
"And you came for that, Dorothy,
sweetheart? The last time I saw you you
told me that you hated me. It was not
true?"
"I think — I think more of you — than I
thought I did," she murmurpd.
'•Ah, the happy thought! God bless
you for it, sweetheart— mine!"
This is essentially a "Western method of
patching up affairs. There is nothing so
efficacious in the wielding together of two
severed hearts as a case of brain fever and
an understanding' doctor.
Robert Barr's hero is frightfully prosaic
in "The Understudy" in the Cosmopol
itan.
"Oh," answered the girl, "I have no
patience with you."
"I am sorry for that, Mary," said Or
mond, "for if I couid have made a living I
intended to ask you to be my wife."
"Oh," cried the girl, breathlessly, turn
ing her head away, After the usual de
murrer she says ''Yes."
Further search reveals the amazing fact
that the proposal— in literature at least
is becoming obsolete. Stories there are of
s plenty, but in the English publications
they mostly relate to mysterious disap
pearance of diamonds or are tales of con
spiracy or intrigue, and in the American
product the proposal is all done behind
the scenes — the reader is introduced to the
engaged couple or to the married pair.
The sentimental age is passing, evidently,
and we contemptuously hurry over tha
romantic episodes to reach those dramatics
crises in life which seem to occupy tha
attention of both writers and readers.—^
Chicago News.
A Doll "Worth Having.
One of the dolls sent to the annual doll
show that General Felix Angus of BaJti*
more gets up for the poor children of his
city just before Christinas, came from
Cleveland, where Mrs. Ilobert P. Porter,
wife of the editor and tariff expert, began
a movement to provide the tinest doll in
the show. It is three feet tall, and ia
modeled after the painting, "La Bella
Chocolatier," which hangs in the Dresden
gallery. Among the women who supplied
and worked on the clothing of the doll
were Mrs. (iarfield, >'rs. John Sherman,
Mrs. Bushnell, Mrs. McKinley, Mrs. James
H. Hoyt and Miss Fannie Hayes, daugh«
ter of ex-President Hayes. Accompany*
in? the doll was set of dishes for a cnoco
late set, so as to complete the resemblance
to the painting.
As You Are.
There is a photographer now who 19
making a fortune taking impressionist
photographs. These are, as their name
signifies, "impressions." "When you have
been photographed by this man you will
see yourself as others see you. Not a lina
is removed from the natural countenance,
not an expression simulated, not a pose
eiven. You are photographed as you
are. — New York Advertiser.
A Rockford (111.) man has invented %
typewriter no larger than a watch, on.
which he says it is possible to write faste*
than with the pen.
January Sale
Domestics — Linens.
-■ ■.'■ ■;■;' ■■:■,-■--.■..■ •: .- ■ ■:,--■.•"•
■I-'-,.
Here are six of this week's great
specials at the Market-street store.
We do not carry 1 able Linens, Domes-
tics or Dress Goods at Post-street
store. Incomparable values these,
and hundreds more as good.
GERMAN TABLE DAMASK, 66 Inches
wide, all linen, sort finished, »4 /fAU
- bleached, very desirable patterns, re- trU
duced from 50c t0... Yard
■ . ■
TURKEY-RED TABLE LINEN, 66 QXCJ
inches wide, all boiled fast colors, now oO
only Yard
•■>■ . :
UNBLEACHED TURKISII TOWELS, "1 QIC
heavy, size 45x'J0, regular every- lZ,z
where at 20c Each
42-INCH BLEACHED SHEETING, soft "1 (\0
finish, one of the best makes, special U
price. Yard
10-4 BLEACHED SHEETING, a very QAO
superior quality, special price Z\)
• Yard
SCOTCH PLAIDS, 32 Inches wide, good 1 010
line of patterns, now only 1--M
..» Yard
January Sale
Dress Goods.
. A golden opportunity to buy a
good, house, or street Dress, or new
school dresses for the girls. Prices
now are about one-half the irst-of-
the-season '.quotations, and months
of wear still ahead of them. Market-
street store only for these.
WELLAND STORM SERGES, navy Ore
blue, with colored, striped and check *-»J
effects, width 36 inches, special price. , j Yard
ROUGH STRIPE CAMELETTE3, bIack O?10
-- 'and dark colors, width 38 inches, price — O
now ...».'. ;.. Yard
DEVONSHIRE : STRIPIS : SUITINGS, Q-TO
40 inches wide, attractive . patterns,
new, stylish colors. ...;:..:, Yard
NIGGERHEAD CHEVIOTS, 40 fnches
wide, strictly all wool, rough effects, in QXO
j all stylish colorings, reauced from OO
65c t0...... „ Yard
FANCY BROCATELLE SUITINGS, 37 OflC
inches wide, silk effects in neat mix- -iU
lures, were 40c, now just halt price.... Yar4
2324
IN CHILHOODS
REALM
"Booh
On afternoons, when baby boy has had a splenddl
nap,
And sits, like any monarch on his throne, in nurse's
lap,
In some such wise my handkerchief I bold before
my face.
And cautiously and quietly I move about the
place:
Then, with a cry, I suddenly expose my fnce to
view,
And you should bear him laugh and crow when I
say "Booh!"
Sometimes the rascal tries to make believe that he
is scared.
And really, wnen I first began, he stared, and
stjirp.l. and stared;
And then his under lip came out and farther out It
came,
Till tnuinma and the nurs? agreed it was a "cruel
shin:
But now what does that same wee, toddling, lisp
intr baby <io
But ugh and kick his little heels when I say
"Booh!"
He laughs and kicks his little heels In rapturous
gle<?, and then
In shrill, despotic treble bids me "do it all aden!"
And — of course Ido it ; ior. as his progenitor,
It is su h pretty, pleasant play as this that lam
for :
And it is, oh, such fun ! and I am sure that we shall
rue
The time when we are both too old to play the
game of tooh!"
Ecgkne . h.d, Live' Songs of Childhood.
Hurrah for a brand-new year!
Wouldn't it be jolly if everybody in the
world should take a fresh start and not do
one single more naughty thing? It would
be easy enough, too, if everybody began at
the same time.
A shrill little voice over there in the
corner pipes up to say that everybody ex
cept the children is good already.
Now, Brighteyes, it's very kind of you
to think that, and I am going to reward
you by telling you a secret.
It isn't true — that is, that only children
are naughty.
And here is another secret. There are
some very wise and kind men, with gray
hairs in their heads, who believe that chil
dren are not naughty at all.
Here are some of the things that some
of the grown-ups will have to do to make
that best kind of a New Year.
The Sultan of Turkey— well, what can
be done with him?
if you children read the newspapers on
weekdays, which 1 almost hope you don't,
you already know that the Sultan is
making bis soldiers kill people just as if it
was the nicest kind of a game to kill
hundreds of people just for fun.
If Turkey and Armenia are too far away
for little folks to worry about, you might
feel sorry because the very bad Apache
Indians are killing settlers right over here
in Arizona again.
Besides that, English people and Ameri
cans, who cuL'ht to be busy sending ships
full of good things and good thoughts to
all the poor benighted heathen nations !
are taking time to call each other bad '
names.
It's funny about these things.
If two boys get to righting 'at school and
really go to work t 0 hurt each other, the
ONE OF HIS STURDY LITTLE HJ.EI.S STRUCK KIS SLATE.
teacher says they are exceedingly naughty,
and very Billy besides. But when two
nations make up their minds to go to war
everybody waves a flag, and even the
schoolma'anis seem to think it is a grand
time.
Quarreling and killing are not the only
bad things in the world, though they are
the most dreadful.
tnebody says we should have a com
mandment against lying, and it would
make all the rest unnecessary. And surely
if everybody told the truth' and nobody
cheated the New Year would seem pretty
clean and bright.
Only— there's something else to learn
first.
It - love.
"Thou shalt love thy neighbor as thy
seii."
If everybody told the truth some people
would be very angry with others, and
would say to those they treated kindiv,
•'Go away— you are so bad I do not want to
see you."
Bat then we're not to love only our good
neighoors and those that never did wrong.
The sunshine and the rain fall on every
body alike, and that advice about your
neighbors sounds as if love were meant to
do tne same thing.
It might be a Tittle hard, too, if every
body were to begin to be good the same
day, and a little tiresome if everybody got
good exactly alike.
Perhaps, after all, the dear old, stum
bling sinning world that God made is best,
and the New Year that comes to us a bet
ter one than we could make for ourselves.
Two Kmiiiwiiy Mariners.
"You are to turn over a new leaf, young
man."
Bert's father shook an admonishing
finger at his son and heir, and his voice
had a determined ring which rather
frightened that young person.
The boy liked his own way, and the
paternal opinion was that he had en
joyed quite too much freedom.
Mamma and the coddling aunts and
grandmothers thought Bert the dearest
boy in the world and humored all his
whims. The "Governor," as the youne
hopeful half jocosely and half proudly
called his father, said Bert needed disci
pline and undertook to administer the
sun io in judicious doses.
This bright morning of the new year
Bert had been instructed to report at his
father's office.
The suggestions that were there made
to him were distasteful in the extreme.
"You have been tardy at school re
peatedly,'' the governor said, "and you
are not to allow that to occur again.
"You are to rise at 7, when the first bell
rings.
"You are not to shirk your cold
THE ENTIRE FAMILY OF A SAN FRANCISCO MOTHER, AGED SIX.
[From a photograph taken for the ''Call."]
j and you are to present yourself in the I
dining-room at half-past 7 all ready for in- '
sweet ion— shoes blacked, clothes brushed,
finger nails in order.
"After breakfast you are to look over
i your lessons for half an hour and then you
i may walk to school. Thereby you will
j save both carfare and health. At school i
I you are to apply yourself, and when study
I hours are over you may come to my office". '
Ihere will be errands for you to do and
they will keep you out of mischief until
dinner-time. At dinner 1 wish to see you
freshly washed and brushed, quiet and
I>olite.
"After dinner you can make yourself
agreeable to your mother and sisters If
they wish you to do so you may escort
them abroad: if not, you may perhaps
read aloud or sing with Ruth and Jo
sephine.
"In any event you will retire at 10
o clock, unless it suits your mother's con
venience to keep you with her.
"That is all, sir, for to-day, and I wish
you a Happy New Year."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
Bert took liis father's lecture yery seri
ously indeed. He had gone up to the office
expecting to be offered some jolly sort of
present or outing, a continuation of the
Christmas treats. Perhaps those same
holiday festivities had rather demoralized
the lad, for he was not, even in honor of
the day, particularly good humored.
"The governor expects just a little bit
too much," Bert said to himself sullenly,
as he walked along the street.
"Where on earth does the fun come in,
I'd like to know?
"I'm to walk a chalked mark all the
time, it seems, and I am to think of every
body's pleasure except ray own."
Bert had certainly feasted too gener
ously on holiday sweets. llh temper
grew worse und Worse, and brooding upon
his wrongs and sorrows he soon began to
find them unendurable.
He stalked alonu with head down and a
puckered brow, kicking viciously now and
then at a friendly dog that followed him.
Bert had not thought much about which
way he was goin<r, when suddenly he
found himself face to face with his chum.
W alter Strong.
ihe boys eyed each other darkly like a
" of brigands.
What's t he matter with you?" Walter
mbled after a while.
Nothing; what's got you?"
The same; let's go take a walk."
Without the necessity of word of mouth
lads turned their faces toward the
pretty little vessel was preparing to
pail for the Hawaiian Islands. Bert and
Walter looked matters over with a com
mon interest that needed no words. Per
haps Walter did condescend to jerK nis
thumb toward a little group of Kanakas
Bho were preparing to embark. At any
, these fellows soon absorbed the at
ion of both boys, and were much flat
tered thereby.
Their faces were soon wreathed in
smiles, and hugging their queer musical
instruments, the Hawaiians bejian to sin
and twang the soft melodies that to them
are easier than silence.
They were full of joy at the prospect of
going home, these children of nature.
Their white duck trousers flapped in
ploriously in the stiff sea breeze, but they
were sublimely unconscious.
The sea was" like a mother to them, and
after a week on its bosom they would see
again their beloved islands.
Bert and Walter couldn't understand a
word of the songs, but the tnoughts
within them w r ere easy to read.
"If we could live where they are going
we'd never have to work nor study any
more," Bert ventured after awhile.
"No," Walter responded quickly, "nor
listen to any more beastly New Year's lec
tures.''
Bert scowled sympathetically, and the
chums understood each other better than
tvi-r.
Silence reigned for a long time. Both
boys were thinking hard and there was no
need of Bpeech.
"Yon can just about live in the water
out there," Bert Baid after a while, "and
the wind is as warm as milk. Besides in
some of the i-lands you needn't wear
neckties nor black your shoes, nor any
thing." ' *
The temptation was too great.
_ Together tin.- boys rose, ami without an
instant's hesitation set about finding the
captain of the ship.
That captain cnancea to be a sensible
man, and he only laughed at the would-be
runaway boys.
"I'll lake you out if your fathers will
pay the passage money," he announced
and no amount of dignified urging could
induce him to accept the two impromptu
sailors.
The boys hoped to the last that the cap
tain would relent, and they waited
patiently till the vessel got underway For
the voyage, the hospitable Kanakas'stiil
Bin ging and beckoning on deck.
Walter and Bert roamed about discon
solately, thoroughly convinced that life
had no further interest for them unless
they could go sailing —
Arross Die rasiint: main
Where the dancing itolphlaa play.
And the whales ami tlif sharks "
Are ah avtog i beir larks
Ten thousand miles away.
An English ship, that looked about half
a mile long, was ready for sea except that
she was short of men.
Bert and Walter were not men, but they j
AN OAKLAND TURNOUT.
[From a photograph by Mores.}
were good stout boys, and that is the next
best thing.
The British captain was in a dire ex
tremity, and quieting his conscience by
some process he took the boys on board.
The youngsters had no chance to repent
after they had inspected their new quar
tersand surveyed the situation generally.
When they attempted to go up on deck
asain they were ordered back in no gentle
tones, and found themselves virtually
prisoners. Two frightened white-faced
lads were Bert and Walter before the
Jo lly Susan had passed the Golden Gate.
B etween terror and seasickness they were
w retched indeed.
Nobody brought tea and toast to the
wretched lumps of humanity that huddled
into most uncomfortable berths; nobody
brougnt hot-water bags when their feet
grew cold and their heads were coals of fire.
Instead coarse sailors laughed brutally,
and the second mate came swearing co-
Diously to kick them up on deck.
\\ here was the sense of freedom the
boys had longed for, had given up their
football games and their mothers to en
joy?
Nobody seemed to have the good taste
even to stay away. There was no rest by
day, no matter what spasms of seasickness
racked the young manners. At night, too
unhappy and too unco-nlortable to sleep,
the boys lay and thought of their troubles,
whispering together when nobody was
near.
Weeks and months wore away, and the
seasickness, at least, abated.
Otherwise their situation, the boys
thought, grew worse and worse.
They were set tasks too large for them,
beaten and tortured when they failed,
treated with uniform unkindness in any
event.
At last Walter, numb with cold and
weariness, fell from the rigging and was
seriously injured.
The Jolly Susan had sailed far in all this
time.
vVhither she was bound, what ports she
entered, these were things the runaway
sailor- boys scarcely knew or cared. They
grew strangely hopeless after awhile, ana
when the ship was in port they were kept
below as at the iirst, helping the cook, and
performing other tasks less to their liking.
When Walter was hurt by his fall his
senses seemed to desert him. Perhaps his
nerves were already overstrained to the
breaking point, and" perhaps it was only
the accident that did the mischief.
At any rate Walter was certainly crazy,
and Bert was so terrified at this "new ca
lamity that ne was not much better off.
Both boys tried to jump overboard in
midocean. The captain, who was nc/t after
all such a bad fellow as sea-captains tro,
wa-s touched at last at tbe sufferings of the
two landsmen.
Giving the boys a little attention at last
the captain learned of the eircumstences
under which they had shipped, observed
that they were boys of good families and
well brought up and felt himself in a di
lemma.
The boys were given comfortable quar
ters at last, and received medical aid.
; Bert was worn to a shadow of his former
plump and rosy self, and the lines in his
lace would have wrung his mother's heart
II She had seen them.
Walter was badly injured, and in his de
hnum he raved of the home he had left
; or babbled happily of other times and
places.
! "Sini: to me, Bert," he would call out in
the middle of the night; "sine, quick
quick!" '
And Bert, not knowing how else to quiet
his friend, would choke back his sobs to
sing the old songs they both loved now.
! One night Walter was more quiet, and
| after a long sleep he remembered every -
I thing. J
"Bert, ".he said in a weak voice, "Bert
do you think we shall ever co home
again?"
Bert thought it extremely doubtful, but
his Bpint rose to the occasion.
"Why, yes/ he answered. "I wouldn't
be a bit surprised if we should start homo
to-morrow.
"Do you remember that New Year's
sermon 1 got so mad at the governor
about ?
'•W<ll, I've thought about that and
thought about it, nights ana days too.
"I believe I could repeat the whole
thing, word for word.
"And wasn't it a lecture?
"Rise ai 7 when the bell rings— jolly
good breakfast and school, the governors
office, dinner, slay with mother ami the
girls— say, how would you like a chance to
do all that?' 1
There were tears in Bert's voice any
way, and the sick boy opposite coughed
and moan i <1. b
"It'a all my fault any way, for gettin"
yon into this scrape. p
".Neither of us would ever have acted so
alone— why i 8 it that when two fellows
agree to do a thing it never seema wrong
trll afterward, and then most likely it
seems worse than anything you could
have thought of by yourself?*' The two
lonely boys talked themselves to sleep at
last, and for a lime their troubles were
forgotten.
Concluded next week.
DONALD SERIES-NO. X.
FOR TINY BOYS.
Here is a story which was told to Donald
not lorn,' ago, and I am sure all the tiny
boys will enjoy it just as much as he did.
Once upon a time, a long while ago,
there lived a great big, big boy, five years
old. "Oh!" (I think 1 hear you say) "a
boy five years old isn't a big, big boy."
N", he was not a very tall boy. and not an
old boy, but he i>lt as if he were as big as
the biggest giant that "Jack the Gjant
i Killer" had ever met ; because at Christ
ROSWELL FRANCIS FIELD, EUGENE FIELD'S YOUNGEST SON AND THE INSPIRER
OF "THE ROCK-A-BY LADY," "BOOH" AND MANY OTHER POEMS IN THE
VOLUME, "LOVE SONGS <»F CHILDHOOD."
[From a photograph by Stein of Chicago.]
mas time "Santa Claus" had brought him
something that only big boys had in those
days.
1 know you are anxious to learn what it
was. Well, it was a beautiful slate— oh!
so big and black and smooth, with a white
pine frame, upon whicn were marked all
the letters of the alphabet, besides won
derful pictures of animals ami shins.
Around the edge of the frame was a strip
of bright red felt, held in place by a piece
of cord, which was twisted in and out of
the little holes which had been bored all
along the edge of the frame.
The little boy took a strong piece o
twine, to one end of which he tied a soi ,
sponge, then, after passing the con
through one of the holes, he tied a nicel '
sharpened siatepencil to the other end
then he was fixed. My, how anxious h
was ;or school to open, so that he cou!<
show all the other boys how much better ,
his wonderful sla'.e was than their old
scratchy tin ones.
When the day came he was so excited he j
could hardly wait for his mother to get
him ready and fix him his nice lunch, but
at last he started with his new slate slung
over one shoulder.
At first he walked alone: quietly enonprh,
but when he came in sight of the little
schoolhouse and saw the boys running to
meet him, eager to find out what Santa
Clau* bad driven him, he kicked up his
heels and commenced to run, too. Ala?k!
Alack! The first time he lifted aphis
sturdy little heels one of them struck his
adored slate behind his buck ami there
was a crash, while pieces of hroken slate
tlew in all directions. The poor disap
pointed little boy looked for a moment in
dismay at the empty frame, and then sat
down by the roadside bemoaning the loss
of his treasure, surrounded by his sym- ,
lliS CHRISTMAS DINNER.
[From the painting by Knaus.]
pathizing schoolmates, over whom he had
expected to "crow" that v-tv day.
Ami so. after all, the little boy had to
use his old tin slate all that year just the
same as the other boys.
FIGHTING FOR FREIGHTS
The Oregon Cnmpany'9 Competition for
Way-Port l'.iiHiness May Precipitate
Another Kate War.
The Oregon Railway and Navigation
Company having settled the subject of
passenger rates, for the present at least, is
concentrating its energies on freight busi
ness between San Francisco and Portland.
It intends that no business that can be se
cured by attention to interests of shippers
shall go to competitors, and in following
out this policy the company will hereafter
take and deliver freight, and passengers,
too, at way ports.
To make this possible the South Coast, a
steamer smaller than the company's regu
lar vessels, has been put into service. The
South Coast i 3 expected to arrive in this
port to-day on her first round trip. D. C.
O'Eeilly. assistant general freight agent of
the corporation, is on board, coming to
San Francisco for the purpose of inducing
shippers to patronize his line.
Being a small steamer, the South Coast
can enter way ports and steam from one
wharf to another here and in Portland to
discharge and receive freight. She will
carry passengers to and from Arcata,
Eureka, }lar9hneld, Empire City, Astoria,
Portland and San Francisco, making the
trip m four days. Whenever necessary
sue will stop at salmon canneries between
Astoria and Portland for cargo.
On her first southern trip she has fif
teen passengers and a full cargo of general
freight. The passenger business between
San Francisco and Portland will be con
fined to the repular large steamers of the
Oregon Company.
As freights on the way-port steamer are
low, it is believed that this new competitor
will cause a rate war with the opposition
steamers, and the results will be' awaited
with much interest by thippers all along
the coast.
Tne situation with regard to Southern
Pacific competition to Portland remains
unchanged.
RUSSIAN CHRISTMAS.
It Will Me Inhered In To-Day at St.
Basil's Cathedral With a Grand
* esper Service.
Christmas bells will rinc; out merrily at
the Cathedral of St. Basil the Great on
Powell street, where the vigil of the Na
tivity of Christ or Christmas will be ush
ered in by a grand vesper service at 7
o'clock this evening.
At that hour Right Rev. Dr. Nicholas,
Bishop of Alaska and the Aleutian Isles,
assisted by the resident clergy of the Rus
sian church, will officiate, vested in all the
Oriental splendor characteristic of the
Grseco-Russian Orthodox Catholic church.
On January 6 of the Gregorian calendar
occurs the Christmas day of all in com
munion with the Russian cburch. At 10
o'clock Monday the liturgy of St. Basil the
Great will be celebrated in the San Fran
cisco church dedicated to his honor
Bishop Nicholas acting as celebrant. All
the Russian clergy will assist. On ordi
nary occasions the liturgy used is that of
St. John Chrysostom, but on certain days
of the ecclesiastical year the greater
liturgy of St. Basil is substituted in the
Russian church, the Church of Constanti
nople and all the churches in communion
therewith.
At the conclusion of the liturgy or mass
the Bishop will give the solemn benedic
tion with the crucifix, the people venerat
ing the same. He will then invite certain
of the faithful to "eat a bit of bread with
him, which is a mode3t term for a grand
banquet, at which it is customary for the
Kussian Consul to preside. The great feast
is also commemorated- by the divine liturgy
Wednesday. 7 * follo ™ng, Tuesday and
This great religious celebration, in Russia
itself, inaugurates a season of lon-con
tinued social activity, brilliant entertain
ments following for many weeks. Dur-
Ihl t th % three . , da of Christmas and
the two days following all Russians who
can afford it keep open house where they
are living in a region in which they form
a ft tinCt , colony. The ■ distinctively n ™
tional customs .haye 1 been, to a great ex
tent, lost in San Francisco and the United
Ba a s s K r\ n rai ly -, The con^e P ation of St
ifasil a Cathedral - ls composed of Syrians
ureeKs, blavomans, Russians and others'
so various in types of national character as
to lose a great deal of the uniformity that
marka many foreign-born , citizens of a
more clearly defin d \ race. A common
faith makes them all kin and many will
be drawn to witness their superb cere
monial on the Christmas day and the night
preceding. _
WEAVER IS INDORSED.
The Associated Charities Pass Resolu
tions Deploring the Efforts Being
_M;iile to Kemove Him.
The friends of Superintendent Weaver
of the Almshouse are rallying to his sup
port and striving to stave off the threat*
ened change which is expected to take
place at the next meeting of the Board of
Health. The Associated Charities have
always taken an active interest in tha
welfare of the establishment, and havo
nothing but good words to say for the
superintendent and Mrs. Weaver.
At a meeting of the organization held
yesterday the following preamble and
resolution indorsing the present manage
ment and deploring the efforts that are
being made to bring about a change were
adopted :
Whereas, It has been publicly stated that
Governor James H. Build has recommended
that the Hoard of Health of San Francisco re
move the present superintendent of the San
Francisco Almshouse; and whereas, the man
agement of the S&u Francisco Almsbouse, un
der the superintendency of Mr. Weaver, has
been a credit to this City at home and abroad,
ranking: second in efficiency and excellence In
all the United States; anil whereas, it is with
in the knowledge of the .Associated Charities
of San Francisco that under Mr. Weaver's man
agement tiiis public charity has been con
ducted in a manner to most benefit the poor
and unfortunate who were obliged to seek its
shelter; and whereas, never before in the his*
tory or this City and' State has the Almshouse
of San Francisco been drawn into partisan
politics and treated as part and parcel of tha
spoils system; therefore be it
Resolvd, That we, the Associated Charities
of San t : tincLseo, do deplore this attempt to de
grade the povernment of this City by turning
its charitable institutions over to the control
of politicians, and then in the sacred name of
charity and in the best interests of the City
we do petition the gentlemen composing tha
Board of Health of San Francisco to be true to
tne reputation- they have always borne in this
community and to refuse to imperil the inter
ests of this City ami the welfare of tne unfor
tunates in the Almshouse by removing an
official whose competency arid worth have
been established by years of successful work.
Be it further,
Resolved, That the secretary is hereby in.
structed to transmit a copy of these resolution!
to the Board of Health.
A VICTIM OF MORPHINE.
Jack Shea, an Ex-Convict, Diea in th«
City Prison.
Jack Shea, an ex-convict, died in the City
Prison yesterday morning and his body
was taken to the Morgue. He was arrested
on Sixth street Friday morning for being
drunk. Some hours later he blamed a fel
low-prisoner for stealing his hat and struck
him in the face, drawing blood from his
nose. Clerk Sullivan of Judge Low's court
saw the blow struck and preferred a charge
of battery against Shea.
Shea was 27 years of age and addicted to
the use of morphine and cocaine, which
had reduced him to a mere skeleton.
About 5 o'clock yesterday morning one of
the "trusties" noticed that Shea was rest
less and twenty minutes afterward discov
ered that he was dead.
Shea had been several times arrested,
and in 1883 he was sentenced to five years
in San Qirentin for robbery. His brother
James, about fifteen years ago, was shot
dead by Policeman Fresno, now deceased,
at tlie Fotrero, and another brother,
named Patsey, was sentenced to twelve
years in Folsom Penitentiary. While serv
ing his time he was seni to an insane
asylum.
NEW TO-DAT.
Sole Agents for the Magglonl Kid Gloves.
__________
A
Month
Of
Special^ sales.
X During this month prior to our annual stocb
taking we shall bold a series of Special Caaft
Salea in every department.
Each
I Special
| Offered
will be exhibited in our tnow wlndowi ant
will be marked
At
Prices
Unheard of
Before
And will comprise tbe following linen
LACES, RIBBONS, OLOVES,
NECKWEAR, HANDKERCHIEF^
UNDERWEAR, HOSIERY,
SILKS AND TRIMMINOS»
EXAMINE OUR SHOW-WINDOWS.
FIRST CLO»OUT SALE!
—3000—
Silk
Remnants.
They comprise nearly all the styles shown thU
season, including Evening and Fancy Shades in
Taffeta Silks,
Gros de Londres,
Peau de Soie,
Fancy Arraura ■ ";•*,
India Silks, And Satins,
Checks and Plaids,
Persian Effects,
Fancy Stripes,
In lengths from 2 to 15 yards, to be sold at once
without regard to COST or VALVE.
Don't miss this sale if you wish to secure a
GENUINE BARGAIN.
&TEVINSON,
125, 127, 129. 131 Kearny Street
BRANCH .STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
Street.
IRON BEDS,
<*** BRASS BEDS,
f FOLDING BEDS,
: Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, lleclining
Hi f I Chairs, Wheel Chairs.
! I fmmiT Commodes, Back Kests
\ 444-t \ \\ W. A. SCHROCK,
il^, ... .* -1-. jiluU 21 .
■0 •>- 1" I ,Jf New Montgomery
?.v> - : T . Nt., under Orand
Hotel, S. F.Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
"I saw by the papers the other day
where three of the famous 'Sprinkle' dol
lars had shown up," said F. L. Strotv
e of Peona, 111.
"Do yon Know what the 'Sprinkle dol
lars' were? No? Well, Josiah Sprinkle,
the man in question, lived in one of the
roughest sections of Lewis County, Ken
tucky. Wa>him;ton, the county* seat of
Mason, was then a thrivinc town. One
day .-pr;::;;.<\ then an old man, appeared
in Washington with a buckskin pouch full
.:? of hia own make.
••In every respect they appeared the
of the National coin. The weight
was more than at present, and the quality
: u: were aii that could be asked for.
them freeiy and i
•hum upon the assurai,'
Sprinkle that they were all right, except
ley were not made by the United
Mint. Upon beine, asked where lie
■r. lie replied: 'Oh, it don't
:. There is plenty of it left.' The
iptiona on the coins were r;uleiy out
lined, and in no wise waa an attempt made
at imitating the National coin. On one
side of the coin was an ow I and on the
other a six-pointed star. w were
smooth. The coir lerably
thicker ti. Ited States
i Wl enever Sprinkle came to town
.: the dollars of his own make.
"A: the infor
■: that he had .. liver mine in the
West, but the old man refused to tell any
one where it v ;. Finally the
rnment ag< i of the matter
-me on to investigate. Sprinkle was
: at into court, bin the
ra were proven to be pure silver,
-v.tM alloy— worth, in fact, a trifle more
-1 each. After an excited trial he
was a. When the verdict waa an
kle reached down in his
W • va a bag of fifty of the
attorm y in the prea
■ misbed officials. Sprinkle
waa never after bothered, and continued to
iitii the time of his
! suddenly ami carried the
mine with nim. This
"- the eai and it has been
twent- . • nee a Sprinkle dollar has
been found."— Washington Post .
LINCOLN AS A PILOT.
He Steered a Steamboat Kefore He
<.;iine«l the Ship of State.
At the moment (when Lincoln an
?d himself as a candidate for th 9
ature in L 832) the whole population
, imi n was in a stale of wild e.xj ec-
E :no six weeks before Lincoln's
v aj | eared a citizen of Springfield
. ivertised that as soon as the ice went
.'• river he would bring np a steamer,
Erom Cincinnati and prove
non navigable. The announce
the entire country,
dies were made and subscriptions
taken. Ttie merchants announced
steamship Talisman the coun
try over, ami every village, from Beards
to Springfield, was laid oil in town
lota.
'ihe Talisman actually came up the
river. Ecores of men went to Beardstown
a -et her, among them Lincoln, of
c, and to him was given the honor of
og— an honor which made him re
ruembered by many a man wlio saw him
that cay for the rirst time. The trip waa
with ail the wild demonstrations
i always attended ihe first steamboat.
t her Dank a long procession of men
and boys on foot or hor>e accompanied the
boat. Cannons and volleys of musketry
were fired as settlements were passed. At '
every stop speeches were made, congratu
ists drunk, flowers pre
sented. It was one long hurrah from
Beardstown to Springfield, and foremost I
in the jubilation was Lincoln, the pilot.
The Talisman went as near Springfield as
the river did and there tied up for a week.
When she went back Lincoln again had a
n as pilot. The no
y this irave him was quite valuable
ally, probably, as was the $40 he re
linancially.—lda M.
Tarbell in McClnre's Magazine.
QUEKK BESS AM> HER SAILORS.
She Had a Womu'i Love for the Ad
v< ut urer.
Queen Elizabeth personally liked her
bailors and their way of life; she had all a
Woman's love of the adventurer. They
brought her money, finery and flattery,
and she dearly loved all three. But they
suited not only her taste, but her policy.
There was a mutual understanding be
tween them. If, for f state, it
was necessary to disown T :;e ; r privateer
ats, even when they were triumph
antly successful, they must reckon
on her hard words and black looks.
If it was safe to acknowledge them'
they were rewarded with open sailea
and favors. Thoroughly charactei
for example, was her treatment
of Francis Drake when the ever-glorious
Pelican came home, leaving awake behind
her which went riprht round the world.
He had laughed at Spanish protests, plun
dered Spanish treasure, towns and
with the light-hearted audacity of th 4
gentleman bandit, and anc ored at Ply.
mouth with an El Dorado in his hold and
the shouts of admiring England in hia I
ear.--.
Mendoza, the Spanish Kmbassador. furi
ously demanded that the dragon Bhould
be forced to disgorge his plunder. J;m it
. the Queen to teach the Spaniard a
— that if his nia-ter encouraged Irish
-lie would encourage English priva-
Drake was the lion ofher court;
she ostentatiously walked about with him
; ;;blic gardens; the Pelican was tin:
01 a royal banquet a::d Gloriana
rough Francis one of her knights.—
. Words.
A Kangaroo on Hoard Ship.
He was presented by a lady in Hobart 10
one of onr lieutenants. He never became
ard, atid in a few months took
v passage overboard, when nobody was
looking, through a gun port, and was seen
and beard of no more. He was addicted
to keeping late and irregular hours. He
: hide himself away and .*leep all
day, and then wake up and become ag
■•■!>• active about 11 p. m.. when
had turned in. Kangaroos are
extensively bunted in the country parts of
Australia and give excellent sport. Our
friend did bo to the sentry and quarter
•' of the watch at mght.
He bad a particular fancy for the navi
• oilicor's cabin, which is on the
upnei deck. For various reasons the
owner of tlie cabin did not appreciate this
Battering preference and he' left strict
orders ivith the men on night duty in the
oornood not to allow his highness to
\i luin in his rest. The kangaroo
used to "lay off very quietly behind the
at the other end 01 tlie quarter-deck
ana wait his opportunity. When he
tiiouL'ht he had a good chance he would
make a rush, and in nine cases out of ten
he succeeded in breaking through his ene
ni.e* lines and reaching his favorite cor
ner, only, however, to be at once captured
and ignominiou^y evicted. His hop, hop,
hop on deck was curious to watch, but tne
sound of it overhead at night was ridicu
lously irritating, and no one mourned very
much when he took his voluntary depar
ture.—Chambers' Journal.
STOPPING A Gr.EAT SHIP.
The Tremendous Momentum That Has
to Ue Arrested.
The motion of a steamship on the At
lantic, when the sea is calm, is so smooth
and steady that the passenger hardly
realizes the tremendous momentum of the
vessel under his feet. A collision, even
after the engines have been slowed down,
gives a startling revelation of the energy
of motion. This energy can also be ac
curately calculated with the aid of mathe
matical formulas, and the time and dis
tance within which the motion can be
totally arrested and the ship be brought
to a stand, may be ascerta.ned in a similar
manner. This calculation has recently
been made for several well-Knovvn shii)s\
To stop the Etruria, whose •'displace
ment" is 9030 tons, horsepower 14,321, and
speed 20.1S knots an hour, 2 minutes and
IT >' i conds are required, and during the
process of stopping the ship will forge
ahead 24(J4 ieet, which is only 170 feet less
than half a mile; the United States
cruiser Columbia, with a displacement of
7350 tons, 17,091 horsepower and a speed of
22.8 knots, can be stopped in 2 minutes and
15 >tcond?, and within a space of 2147
ieet; the little flier Cushinc, also of tne
United States navy, whose displacement is
only 105 tons and horsepower 1754, while
its speed is 22.43 knots, can be stopped
within a distance of 103 feet, in 15.4 sec
onds. In each case the vessel is supposed
to be going at full speed, and the stoppage
is produced by reversing the action of the
propelling machinery. — Youth's Com
panion.
The Thoriiuiplioiic.
The thermophone is a new electrical in
strument for determining temperatures.
.ally u:ose of some distant or inacces
sible place, as the bottom of a pond or the
Bea. bounds are produced by the changes
in an electric circuit, due to" variations in
temperature. The electrical resistance of
metals increases with a ri>e in tempera
ture and the rate of increase is different for
| each metal. Two coils, therefore, having
: the same resistance at a particular temper
ature, will vary widely .it any oilier
temperature, so that should they be con
; nected with an electric measuring
balance or bridge their results could be
c >mpared. The introduction of a tele
phone enabies small changes to be noted.
The instrument is located at any point and
may hare a number of coils "connected
with it, the same being placed in the
; rooms of large office buildings or in cold
storage warehouses, etc., and the tempera
ture registered on a dial. The thermo
! phone will be a great aid to physicists in
I determining the fluctuations in the tem
ture of the soil and the difference in
temperature between the water at the sur
face and at the bottom of a pond or lake.
The instrument is extremely sensitive and
accurate, is independent of pressure, quick
setting and quickly read, is portable and
contains no mercurial thermometers. —
Technology Quarterly.
The Sun's Heat.
There is no known metal, and perhaps
no substance whatever, which demands so
high a temperature to fuse it as does the
element carbon. A filament of carbon,
and a filament of- carbon alone, will re
main unfused and unbroken when heated
by the electric current to the . dazzling
nrilliance necessary for effective illumina
tion. This is the reason why this particu
lar element is so indispensable for our in
candescent electric lamps. Modern re-
has now taught us that, just as the
electrician has to employ carcon as the
immediate agent in producing the brig»t
est of artificial lights down here, so the
sun in heaven uses precisely the same ele
ment as the immediate agent in the pro- j
duction of its transcendent light and heat, i
Owing to the extraordinary fervor which I
prevails in the interior parts of the sun, j
all substances there present, no matter
how dilticult we may rind their fusion,
would have to submit to be melted, nay,
even to be driven off into vapor. If sub
mitted to the, heat of this appalling solar }
furnace, an iron poker, for instance, would ;
vanish into invisible vapor. — McClure's
Magazine.
Sprinkled by a Trolley.
A trolley street sprinkler with many
excellent features has be«n patented by a
Philadelphia man, It Is a combined track
and street sprinkler. Its operation is ;
wholly under the control of the operator.
It will sprinkle a single or double track
alone, omitting the sides, or it will sprinkle
one or both sides, including the track, if
desiied, or it will sprinkle a street 100 feet
A TROLLEY SPRINKLER.
wide, without any change in the strucure
of the machine.
"ffl'»t a Piece of Work I« Man."
In this scene occurs a passage which
, seems to me the keynote of Hamlet's
character. It is a phrase in which the
whole tragedy of his life is bounded as in
a nutshell. Hamlet exclaims: ••There is
nothing either good or bad, but thinking
! makes it so." In these words we find the
clew to the failure of many a potentially
great man. The man who most succeeds
in life is he who only ?ees one side. The
man whose mental horizon la wide, who is
capable of seeing the good and evil on both
sides, who wanders from the high road of
a fixed purpose into the bylines of pliilo-
I sophicai contemplation, will uot reach his I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
goal so soon ns he who only looks straight
ahead an I follows the nos» of his purpose
unthinkingly. A demonstration of this is
contained in the written play of "Hamlet,"
which the brief three hours'' traflic of the
statre prevents bcin^ shown in action. I
refer to the character of Fortinbras. He
sees only one side of things, an. knowa
precisely what he wants. And what is the
result? Well, the result is that when
Hamlet Is dead, this essentially practical
unimaginative young man comes in ami,
in the language of our modern slang,
"takes tho cake."— Beerbohru Tree in The
Fortnightly Review.
EXPRESS Or THE FUTURE.
How It Will Seem to Travel Through a
Pneumatic Tube.
"Take care!" cried my conductor,
"there's a step!"
Safely descending the step thus indi
cated to me I entered a vast room, illumi
nated by blinding electric reflectors, the
sound of our feet alone breaking the soli
tude and :-ilence of the pkce.
Where was I? What had I come thoro
to do? Who was my mysterious guide?
Questions unanswered. A long walk in
tne night, iron doors opened and reclosed
with a clang, stairs descending, it seemed
to me, deep into the earth— that is all I
could remember. I had, nowever, no time
for thinking.
In this way Jules Verne opens a charac
teristic sketch in the Strand Magazine for
January.
"No doubt you are asking yourself who
lam?" said my guide: "Colonel Pierce,
An Express of the Future.
at your service. Where arc you? In
America, at Boston — in a station."
"A station ?''
"Yes, the starting-point of the 'Boston
to Liverpool Pneumatic Tubes Company.' "
And, with an explanatory gesture, the
colonel pointed out to me two ionjr iron
cylinders, about a meter and a half in
diameter, lying upon the ground a few
pac?s off.
I looked at the»e two cylinders, endine
on the right in a mass of masonry, and
closed on the left with heavy metallic
caps, from which a Cluster of tubes were
carried up to the roof; and suddenly i
comprehended the purpose of all this.
Had I not a short time before read in an
American newspaper an article describing
this extraordinary project for linking
Europe with the New A\ odd by means of
two gigantic submarine tubes? An inven
tor had claimed to have accomplished the
task, and that inventor, Colonel Pierce, I
had before me.
In thought I realized the newspaper
article.
ComDlaisantly the journalist entered
into the details of the enterprise. He
stated that more than 3000 miles of iron
tubes, weighing over 13.000,000 tons, were
required, with the number of ships neces
sary for the transport of this material—
200 ships of 2000 tons, each making thirty
three voyages. He described this Armada
of science bearing the steel to two special
vessels, on board of which the ends of the
tubes were jojned to each other and in
cased in a triple netting of iron, the whole
covered with a resinous preparation to pre
serve it from the action of the sea water.
Coming at ouce to the question of work
ing, hejiilect the tubes— transformed into
a sort of pea-shooter of interminable
length— with a series of carriages, to be
carried with their travelers by powerful
currents of air. in the same way that dis
patches are conveyed pneumatically round
Paris.
A parallel with the railways closed the
article, and the author enumerated with
enthusiasm the advantages of the new and
audacious system. According to him,
there would be, in passing through these
tubes, a suppression of all nervous trepida
tion, thanks to the interior surface bein"
of finely polished steel; (.quality of temp
erature secured by means of currents of
air, by which the heat could be modified
according to the seasons; incredibly low
fares, owing to cheapness of construction I
and working expenses— waving aside all
questions oi gravitation and wear and tear.
As to the possibility of obtaining a cur
rent of air from one end of the tube to the
othet— Boston to England— Colonel Pierce i
smilingly assured me that all we required
was a treat number of steam fans similar
to those used in I'last-furnaces. The air
was driven by them with a force practically ,
without limit, the speed attainable being
ISOO kilomvttrs— almost thar of a cannon™ i
ball. Taking into account the difference j
in time, th . traveler from Liverpool would I
reach Boston earlier than he started. The I
speed could be checked en route by turn
ing a handle and letting in the opposing
current of air from the parallel tuba j
wherein a train speeds in the opposite
direction.
Trie colonel pulled sharply a bright brass
Knob projecting from the side of one of the
tubes; a panel slid smoothly in its groovrs,
and in the opening loft by its removal I
perceived a row of seats, on "each of which
two persons might sit comfortably side by
side. J
"The carriage!" excaimeil the colonel.
"Come in and try the things."
By the light ol an electric lamp in the
roof I carefully examined the carriage 1
bad entered.
Nothing could be more simple. A long
cylinder, comfortably upholstered, along
which seme fifty armchairs, in pairs, were
ranged in twenty-five parallel rank*. At
either end a valve regulated the atmos
pberic pressure, that at the further end
allowing breathable air to enter the car
riage; that in front allowing lor the dis
charge of any excess beyond a normal
pressure.
After spending a few moments on this
examination I became impatient.
"Well," I said, ' - are we not going to
start?"
"Going to start?" cried the colonel. "We
have started !"
Started— like that — without the least
jerk, was it possible? I listened atten
tively, frying io detect a sound of some
kind that might have guided me.
If wo had rrally scarred— if the colonel
had not deceived me in talking of a speed
of eighteen hundred kilometers an hour —
we must already bo far from any land,
under the sea; above our heads the huge'
foam-crested waves; even at chat moment,
perhaps— taking it for a monstrous sea
sprpent of an unknown kird— whales were
battering with their powerful tails our
Ions; iron prison !
Plunged in boundless astonishment, un
able t"> beliovpin the reality of all that had
happened to me, I sat silently, allowing
the time to pass.
At tin" end of about an hour a sense of
freshness unon my forehead suddenly
Traveling by Pneumatic Tube.
[Reproduced from the Strand Magazine]
aroused me from the torpor into which I
had sunk by degrees.
I raised my hand to mv brow; it was
moist.
Moist! Why was that? Had the tube
burst under pressure of the waters— a
pressure that could not but be formidable,
since it increases at the rate of "an atmos
phere" every ten meters of depth? Had
the ocean broken in upon us?
Fear seized me. Terrified. I tried to call
out— and— and I found myself in my gar
den, generously sprinkled by a driving
rain, the bigdrops of which had awakened
me. _ I had simply fallen asleep while
reading the article devoted by an Ameri
™n journalist to the fantastic projects of
Colonel Pierce, who also, I 1 much fear, has
only dreamed.
Sound of the Voice.
An inquiry was recently made in London
as to the greatest distance at which a man's
voice could be heard, leaving of course,
the telephone out of consideration. The
reply was most interesting, and was as
follows: Eighteen miles is the longest
distance on record at wbich a man's voice
has been heard. This occurred in the
Grand Canyon of the- Colorado, where one
man shouting the name 'T.ob" at one end.
his voice was plainly heard at the other
end, which is eighteen miles away. Lieu
tenant Foster, on Parry's third Arctic
expedition, found that he could converse
with p. man across the harbor of Port
Bowen, a distance of 6696 feet, or about
one and a quarter miles; and Sir John
I ran Win said that he conversed with ease
at a distance of mom than a mile. Dr.
Young records that at Gibraltar the human
voice has beon heard at a distance of ten
miles. To this we may acid that the cele
brated preacher, Rowland Hilif relates
that once, while walking along a country
road, he saw a gravel bank cave in upon
workmen. He shouted for help, and
was heard a full mile. This, being across
an ordinary English country region, is
perhaps as extraordinary as any of those
mentioned.
Jiyron and tho Critics.
Byron is probably the only instance in
literary history of a critic-made poet. His
"Hours of Idleness" was strictly what it
claimed to be, the production of a yonth
who had nothing special to do and turned
bia attention to poetry as a means of pasß
ing the time. Had the critics suffered it
to pass unnoticed, it is quite probablt that
the poet would never have been heard of
again in the world of letters. But the edi
tor of the Edinburgh Review could not
miss an opportunity of "roasting" some
body, and so attacked the modest little
volume with all the virulence of which he
was able. The criticism, most of which
was very unjust, made Byron very niii-ry,
and he turned on the critic with "English
Bards 1 and Scotch Reviewers," and showed
in this powerful satire a degree of manly
force ana vigor oi whicb no one supposed
him rap»bio. It was bis only utUranca of
any consequence against the critics.
When it was followed by the opening
cantos of "Childe Harold' the criticisms
were renewed, but the chorus of praise was
so loud that the dissonant notes were lost.
Boston Herald.
Mice That "Waltz.
In Japan there is a breed of mice, white
speckled wiih black about the head, neck
and tail, which have a strange habit of
whirling, or as it is called, "waltzing," for
hours at a time with only brief stoppages.
The desire to waltz seizes the mice at the
most unexpected moments, especially at
night, for they tenerally sleep during the
day. Frequently they whirl in couples,
but f»o rapidly that they appear like spin
ning rings of "white and black. Like Giant
Despair's fits, the waltzing paroxysms of
these mice often seise them while they
arc running, and if they attempt to escape
from imprisonment, they do not <ro far
before thep are arrested by the irresistible
desire to whirl. The tendency is heredi
itary, and exhibits itself as soon as the
young mice begin to ran about.— Youths'
Companion.
SALIBUBY AS HE IS.
Interesting Facts About the English
Prime M'nister.
The present Prime Minister is a man
who would have succeeded in most any
walk of life he had chosen to follow. The
i cad of an historical family, and possessed
of great wealth, his opportunities have no
doubt been great; but for all that it is to
his sreat natural abilities that he mainly
owes his success. It must be remembered
that he had made a ripure in the world
when tie was plain Lord Robert Cecil, and
before there was any likelihood of his com
ing into the family title and estates.
Robert Arthur Talbot Gascoyner-Cecil
was born in 1830 and was educated at Eton
and Christ Church, Oxford. At the uni
versity he was a frequent and effective
speaker at the Union Debating Society, and
in 1358 he was elected member of Parlia
ment for the family borough of Stam
ford. Four years Ja'tcr he married Miss
Alderson, daughter of the Judj;e of that
name. Her parents wt-re opposed to the
union, not, considering Lord Robert Cecil
a sufficiently good match. Lord Robert
was then a younger son, and with very
little money at his disposal. Indeed, in
the year of his marriage he took to jour
nalism m order to supnly the deficiency of
a somewhat inadequate allowance.
In that year the Saturday Review was
started, and soon be'eame famous by the
cleverness, wit and daring of its articles.
Lord Jiobert Cecil was one of the earliest
and most valued contributors. It was be
tween 18,39 and 1865 that he made his mark
in the Commons. This was in Lord Palm
erston's second administration. It was in
L 865 that his elder brother died and he be
came Lord Cranborne and heir to the Mar
quinate. In the following year, on the
formation of Lord Derby's third adirfini-
tration, he was appointed Secretary of
State for India. His father died in L«67,
and he came into the title and entered the
House of Lords. He soon established a
reputation as foremost debater in the up
mt house. In 1?74 he took oflice, under
Mr. Disraeli, and in 1576 was sent to Con
stantinople to try and help to settle the
dispute between "Russia and Turkey. He |
also went with Lord Beacon afield "to the i
Berlin Congress, and rendered great assist
ance m that affair.
On the death of Lord Eeaconsfield in
18 80 Lord Salisbury became the recognized
leader of toe Conservative party. He be
came Premier in June, 188i>, on the resig
nation of Mr. Gladstone, and again after
th c general election of 1886. The present
erefore, Lord Salisbury's third ad
ministration. The Marquis of Salisbury
i,:i j perhaps won more laurels by his man- !
apement of foreign affaira than by his !
dom4>*tic policy. Hightly or wrongly, he
is c e.iited with great diplomatic skill. ;
Inside the Car.
When not in London or abroad, Lord
Salisbury spends most of his time at his
magnificent and historical country seat at
Hatfield.
Ilatfield House is one of the finest of the
ancestral homes of the English nobility.
It was built in the retell of James 1, and
the date of i's conu>let:on, 1611, stands
over the principal entrance. It is a noble
mansion, and ils superb park, intersected
by avenues of oaks and beeches, aimost
unequaied in their magnitude and beauty,
is one of the most beautiful sfcenes in the
country.
lint field is crowded with objects of his
torical interest, not the least, remarkable
of which are those connected with Queen
Elizabeth, of whom there are four or live
portraits in the collection. Here we see
the Queen's siH" stockings, elaborately em
broidcrel, the first of their kind ever
broucht to this country; her garden hat
of plaited straw or cane work, which she
is said to have worn while sitting under
an oak (the remains of which still stand
DR. CUTLER'S GASOLINE YACHT PRiSCILLA.
in the park carefully preserved and sur- '
rounded by a railing) when the news was
brought her that she had succeeded to the
throne; her pedigree from Adam, a long
roll of parchment richly illuminated; her j
jewel cases, iniaid with mother-of-pearl; j
her cradle, as an infant, made of oak and ;
carved and othei relics. — Spare Moments. •
liongfellow's Si<ter.
A sister of the poet Longfellow, Mrs.
Pierce, is still livinir, although at an
advanced age, in Portland, Me. Mrs.
Tierce's was a unique experience in Sun
day-school teaching. She took a class of
tiny girls on the occasion of their first ap
pearance at church. They never left her
class through the years which elapsed, but
grew up under her influence until one by
one they quitted the school to be married.
The friendship existing between these
girls and their teacher was phenomenal ly
strong, as was that of the members for
each other. Now, as gray-haired grand
mothers, on returning to Portland for vis
its, each one pays her court to Mrs. Pierce,
and they still keep up their mutual affec
tion and intimate acquaintance. The bond
of having belonged to "Mrs. Pierces class"
is like that of a close society. — Boston
Post.
Artificial Thunder.
Take a piece of twine and tie a number
of knots into it at short intervals. If this
knotty twine is laid around somebody's
Artificial Thunder.
head so that it will turn the ears forward,
and then the forefinger arifl thumb of each
hand allowed to slide along the string, as
shown in our illustration, it will cause a
noise very similar to thunder to be heard
by those who are undergoing the experi
ment.—Philadelphia Record.
THK TINTOMETER.
A Contrivance for Measuring Colors
Recently luvented in England.
The tintometer, as its name implies, is a
tint or color measure. It is the invention
of J. W. Lovibond, who has devoted some
twenty years of work and thought to the
perfection of the contrivance, which, hav
ing been in use more or less privately for
seven or eight years past in many tech
nical industries, and for various special
purposes, has now been taken over by a
company and placed on the market. To
the man in the street probably the uses
of a contrivance of this nature seem
scarcely very obvious at first sight.
This only shows how little the man
in the street knows about the mat
ter. For the uses of the tintometer are
i believed to be nearly endless. This will
| be realized when it is borne in mind that
in the ease of practically evcrv substance,
natural or manufactured, known to man
color is an absolute index of its quality.
Consequently you have only to ascertain
its color exactly in order to know at once
I the quality of the substance you are deal
ing with. And this is what the tintometer
enables you to do. Take flour. 'Inequality
of Hour can be told to a nicety by its color.
Hence you have only to ascertain the posi
: tion of any given specimen of flour in the
I coior scale to know its value. "But how
• about adulteration?" some one will ask at
| once; "cannot an inferior flour be colored
j by the addition of some foreign substance
to match the shade desired?"" Certainly it
can be, but the tintometer would detect
the fraud at once.
What, then, is the tintometer? Briefly,
it consists of a carefully graded series of
colored glasses— about the size and shape
of small microscope slides— by means of
which, used singly or superimposed one
on top of the other, any desired shade or
color can be matched "with absolute ex
actitude. And wh-n it is realized that
there are just 60,000.000 shades which can
be obtained in this fashion it will be
j understood that the color which cannot
! be matched by the tintometer must be
very hard to find, indeed. In point of
fact, there is no color or tint perceptible to
the ordinary human eye which cannot
be obtained. These slips of glass are
; placed on a slide at the end of a double
parallel-sided wooden tube, something
like an elongated stereoscope to look at,
I with two sm:>.ll apertures at the lower end
and eyepieces to look through at the
upper. The substance to be matched is
placed under the one aperture, and then,
by changing the slips of gla«3 to the re
! quired extent beneath the other, the de
sired tint is readily obtained.—West
minster Budget.
A XEff STYLE OF CRAFT.
Side wheel Pleasure Yacht Propelled by
Gasoline.
A small pleasure craft, constructed on a
new system of propulsion, and intended
for navigation in unusually shallow wa
ters, has just been built for Dr. J. Cutler
of Boston by the Daimler Motor Company,
says the New York Herald. She is a flat
bottomed boat with a wooden hull, built
with a keel so that she may be the more
easily steered. Her length is 39 feet, beam
S feet, and draught It! inches. Sh •is a
side-wheeler, the wheels being made of
wrought iron and her paddles of wood.
Placed in the center of tne boat is a
motor, operated by gasoline, which is of
seven horse power, weighs S4U pounds, and
is capable of making 540 revolutions per
minute, producing a speed of between
nine and ten miles per hour.
This little boat is named the Priscilla,
and is intended to be used by Dr. Cutler in
the vicinity of Hey West, Via., where he
frequently passes the winter months. An
awning can be erected in the forward part
of the craft, while there is a cabin aft,
where passengers can iind refuge in wet or
Btormy weather.
The'Priscilla was shipped to Key West
on Saturday by steamer.
STOIIY OF A FIKE-HOKSE.
Kansas City's Dead Veteran <>f the De
partment Is Mounted.
Not a great many years ago a team of
milk-white horses drey: a packing-house
wacon through the streets of Kansas City.
j They were the pride of the driver, a
I brawny Irishman, who had a Kentuck,,
ian's regard for the horse, and they at
tracted the admiration of all who saw
them. Tire Chief Hale was attracted to
the horses, and purchased them in ISS7
for $500. The aorEes were installed at lire
headquarters and named Joe and Dan for
Jo=eph McGuire and Daniel Donovan.
They were inteilisrent animals, and took
to the fire service with remarkable aptitude.
In a comparatively short time they were
by far the swiftest horses in the depart
ment. It was common for them in re
sponding to an alarm to be in their places,
hitcned and away before any of the other
teams had been latched.
When Chief Hale attended the Interna
tional Firemen's Convention in London in
1893 he toot Joe and Dan along to se; the
pace for all the competing companies.
How nobly these animals performed their
ta»k has been written in a dozen lan
guages and their incredible time 11-5 sec
onds for hitching, made at this conven
tion, has not been overcome. All Londou
was astounded over the achievement of
Joe and Dan and Chief Hale's firemen.
I Many flattering offers for the team were
! received by thrChief from wealthy British
i ers, but he rejected all offers and would
■ listen to no overtures for their pureha«e.
Joe and Dan's London achievement en
deared them to the hearts of the people of
I Kansas City. Among the objects of inter
est shown to visiting strangers was this
team of horses.
There was an alarm of iire on June 6,
1593, and in a jiffy Joe and Dan were clat
tering over the streets in front of hose
company No. 2. They dashed down
Eleventh street and collided r.t a dead run
with a cable train at Main street. They
struck a gripcar and their momentum
forced them into the car, breaking the
side supports into splinters. The horses
were extricated from the car and returned
to the station. Three days later it was
discovered thit in the collision a splinter
had penetrated Joe's right hind hoof.
Lockjaw resulted and he hud to be shot.
A fund was taken up for the purpose of
mounting his hide.
And noV Joe is at fire headquarters
again. As nnturai as life, he stands in an
upper hallway, wearing iiie same harness
he wore when, with Dan, the world's
record was made in London. Joe was
mounted by Professor E. D. Eames, the tax
idermist, of Lawrence, Kas. He was
brought to the city as a Christmas sur
prise to the firemen. All forenoon and
afternoon people called at the department
I eadquarters to see Joe. Many placed
flowers on him and stroked his sleek hide.
At first sight it is difficult to realize that
Joe 13 not the noble horse of old, waiting
for the firebsll tap to dart beneath the
swinging harness. — Chicago Record.
A Red Cross Knight.
The crimson glow of sunlight falls
Along the monumental walls,
Where still in faded pomp are read
The name and Vinuea of the dead.
Yet from yon efiicry of kniirlit
The graven name has vanished quite;
No word remains; but stories tell
That he who Bleeps fought true and well|
In kindness swift, in veugeauee slow —
A constant friend, a couneons foe;
Who partly fought for love of fignt,
But chiefly for the love of right.
To Holy Land he rode away;
Seek ihou a holy land to-day.
With sword aiui liattle ax he strove;
Si;ek thou tne a,rmory of love.
He won on earth a poor renown;
Wld thou on earth Love'a fadeless crown.
—The Gentlemen's Magazine.
NEW TO-DAT.
OTOTYFREE
A Practical Test of the Matchless
Chronic Disease Treatment.
Free to All \Vho Call in Person at the
Offices of the Copeland Medical In-
stitute, 916 Market Street.
To enable all to obtain some definite under-
standing of their new system of chronic dis-
ease treatment and to test its great practical
advantages over all other methods Drs. Cope,
land, Neal and Winn offer to all sufferers from
Catarrh or other curable chronic maladies a
trial treatment free. Kemember, that all who
apply in person will now be cordially welcome
to a careful examination, advice and treat-
ment, upon their first visit, absolutely free of
charge.
Chronic diseases are diseases that have been
allowed to become old or of lone standing be-
cause of carelessness and negligoncc on the
part of the patient, or inability o '.he family
physician to cure in the acute or early stages.
Chronic diseases in themselves, as a general
rule, are not speedily fatal, but they are more
or less insidious, and' if allowed to run on un-
dermine the general health and strenpth of the
patient and produce a liability to take on more
dangerous diseases by exposure to such weather
as we are now experiencing.
Chronic diseases require treatment directly
opposite to that of acute diseases, and the at-
tention of doctors specially trained and spe-
cially equipped for that purpose. Drs. Cope-
land, Neal and Winn have devoted years of ex-
clusive attention to the treatment of this clans
of diseases, and feel that they have attained a
scientific mastery over them. Four years in
one location, during which time they nave
treated over 15,000 patients, is a record to bo
proud of.
POLYPI PAINLESSLY REMOVED.
The Experience of Mrs. A. M. Rudolph
of Oakluud. t
Mrs. A. M. Rudolph, whose portrait is given
beiow, and who lives at 1471 Fifth street, Oak-
land, is a lady who is well and favorably
known in that city. She says:
\ Mrs. A. M. 1U:d01ph,14.71 Fifth st., CaKLAHD.
My trouble commenced some twelve year 3
ago. It began with catarrh, the result ot neg-
lected cold ; this brought on a polypus growth
in my nostrils. My nostrils gradually stopped
up, and for years I could not breathe through
them, compelling me to keep my mouth open
all the time. I lost my appetite; could not
sleep; ran down in flesh and strength, and was
thoroughly miserable. I went to many doc-
tors, but could not obtain relief. Iwas'afrairt
of their barbarous methods of removing tha
tumors. I had read so much of the Oopeland
Medical Institute, and one day read of a case
exactly like mine. I then went to them and
placed my case in their (care. They removed
the tumors painlessly and without loss of
blond ; the relief at once was worth a hundred
times what it cost. I can now breathe through
my nostrils freely and feel better in everyway.
I want every one to know the great good Drs.
Copeland, Neal and Winn have done for me,
and am only too glad to add my testimony in
their favor.
Parties desiring to test the excellence
of the new treatment for chronic dis-
eases are welcome to v trial treatment
without charge on applying in person.
A CARD TO PHYSICIANS.
\ Drs. Copeland, Neal and Winn desire to ex-
press their sincere thanks to the many family
physicians of San Francisco who are in the
habit of turning over to their care such of
their patients as may be suffering from mala-
dies of a chronic character. Deeply sensible of
such manifestation of continued confidence in
their system, they take this means to convey
to them, in return, their assurance of unabated
and untiring effort on behalf of every suffering
invalid committed to their charge, the fee, in
all cases, to continue strictly nominal as here-
tofore.
THE FREE TEST. •
The free trial test of trcntnient offered by
Drs. Copeland, Neal and Winn i 3 offered to
every one on their first tHtit- Then If the treat-
ment is not satisfactory it can be abandoned.
We do not offer "free treatment" of a "month"
at the end of six or seven months' experimenta-
tion, but at once, on the first visit.
THE MAIL TREATMENT.
The following letter proves the mail treat-
ment a success:
San Luis Obispo, Nov. 14, 1895.
Dear Doctors— l will need no more treatment,
as lam now satisfied that I am cured. You
can publish my statement to that effect. I
thank you very much for the interest you have
taken in my case. THEODORE THORP.
$5 A ItyONTH.
No fee larger than $5 a month asked for tnr
disease. Our motto is: "A Low Fee. Quick
Cure. Mild and Painless Treatment."
The Copelanft- Meflical Mtits,
PERMANENTLY LOCATED IN T'£E
COLUMBIAN BUILDING,
SECOND FLOOR,
91 6 Market St, Next to Baldwin Hotal,
' Over Beamish's.
W. 11. COPELAND, M.D.
J. G. HEAL, M.D.
A. C. WINN, M.D.
SPECIALTIES— Catarrh and all diseases of
the Eye, Ear, Throat and Lungs. Nervous Dif
eases, Skin Diseases, Chronic "Diseases.
Office hours— 9 A. M. to 1 p. m., 2t05 p. at,
7to B '.SO p. 1L Sunday— lo a. m. to '2 P. M.
Catarrh troubles and kindred diseases treated
successfully by mail. Send 4 cents, in stamps
for question circulars.
2526
THE MONROE DOCTRINE AND
ENGLAND'S PACIFIC TEMPER
by "w. o. */co:r,:r,o"w\
Those gentle Axnericans who are tear- !
fully pleading for peace bring a wide and j
illuminating smile to the grim face of the
British lion. It any question of interna
tional policy between that country and j
the United States could precipitate a war
it would be because England has taken
leave of the ancient sanity that lias en
abled it to plant its flag on the four cor
ners of the earth.
'•I rofessors' and "students" of that in
definite thing called "international law"
have been pestering the public ear with
raucous declarations that the Monroe doc
trine is not an element of international
Jaw, but purely an American policy, and
some of us, accepting that silly dictum, are |
aslirmin;: that we can make it interna- I
tional law at the point of the bayonet.
The essence of the- Monroe doctrine is as
old as the division of mankind into sep
arate tribes. It is merely clouded at pres
ent under the shadow of a local name.
Let us give an illustration of its necessity
and universality. Suppose that an English
colony should establish itself in Switzer
land, m time differences between the
colonists and tr:<> Swiss might develop and
England might send an army into the
country t.i " protect the rights" of its citi
eens. What would Europe do? The na
tions would at nr.ee realize the fact that
tzerland wo nquered because
it was weak and that England could
mand a considerable part of the territory
i mnity <>; war. Would the nations
submit? That is the Monroe
doctrine. They would object because such
• would >et a powerful foreigner at
their gates— a fureigner whose sole aim
and abiding necessity are conquest and
extension of territory. It is the spirit of
the Monroe doctrine that makes it pos-
Mble for weak nations to exist.
At the time when President Monroe pro
mulgated his so-called doctrine there was
tor it than now. It seems to
- m the presumption that
th of the isthmus of Pan
ama was part of the country which we in
habit, and on the fear that European oc
ition of that territory might prove a
menace to t lie safety of our Government —
that it might render easy an armed inva
sion of our country. Since that time there
come about a strengthening of the
principle that it is the duty of the great
.!>• of the Western Hemisphere to
protect republicanism on the continent.
With the exception of a control of trans
isthmian transportation that is the only
reason to-day for our insistence upon the
Monroe doctrine; and it was after Presi
dent Monroe's declaration that we per
jmtted French capital to secure control ot
a transisthmian railroad and attempt tne
construction of the Panama canal. Those
far mere urgent occasions tor iv.sist
ing upon the enforcement of the doctrine
than that which is presented in tne Ven
ezuelan boundary dispute. Our National
is even now hesitating to foster
the Nicaragua canal, knowing that this
would be the grossest neglect of the Mori
roe doctrine, and would turn over to Eng
land the last hope of our control over isth
mian transportation. The Venezuelan
matter sinks into insignificance when com
pared with the Nicaragua canal.
In a geographical sense, the countries of
Central and South America are no more
'sisters" than are the countries of
Europe. The only thing that mates them
our sisters is the fact that they are repub-
In that sense they are "no more our
sisters than France and* Switzerland. If
the form of government maintained by
those two countries should be threatened
by other powers, it would be just as much
our duty to go to their support as to that
of any Central or South American republic.
Viewed in that light, the Monroe doctrine
takes on the aspect of wisdom ami the
spirit of a noble cause.
If commercial reasons be considered as
elements of the doctrine, we have already
stultified it by permitting England practi
cally to monopolize the commerce of the
southern countries. England's armies in
those countries would be no menace to us
at aIL Her battle-shir>3 in the Atlantic
and Pacific oceans might be a serious
menace. But her merchant ships, which
take the commerce of the southern coun
tries, are the greatest menace of all, and
yet they give us no concern whatever. In
view of our neglect of this aspect of the
we have less reason than any nation
of Europe for insisting on the Monroe
doctrine.
This does not mean to say that we have |
not "the right to insist upon it. but merely
to contend that in Mich insistence we must
be ridiculous it we are not consistent and !
iugb.
The reason for England's aggressiveness j
in extending her empire is the necessity of j
securing control or possession of produc- j
Ing countries. This is explained on the I
id that the soil of England cannot '
support as population. That country is.
constantly reaching out for material which
i lay manufacture and sell to the !
world. The reason why our country lias
no such policy of aggression and acquisi
tion is that it is rich in native resources, '
capable of supporting a population vastly i
greater than that which it has. We oblig- i
mgly forward England's purpose by sup- '
plying it with articles of our production
and then buying them back from England j
in a. manufactured form, thus supplying
England's ribs and ammunition to us
gui>s. Even here in California we are i
crowing apricots and sending them to j
Crosse iV Blackwell, paying transportation '
charges over 12,000 miles and a profit to
the manufacturers, as we use Crossed
Blackwell'B California apricot marmalade
on our tallies. By making American prod
ucta nec< ssary to English prosperity we
are manufacturing reasons why England
would like very much to regain possession
of <>ur own territory. A war with that !
country would cure us of this magnificent \
folly.
Not being essentially a manufacturing
country, as England is, we are not so '
vitally concerned as, is England over the j
control of Central and South American
commerce. Nevertheless we do maiuifac- :
ture for foreign markets. In certain man- :
ufactured products, including the very im
portant one of agricultural implements,
we far surpass England in excellence; and
as the agricultural countries of the world
are rapidly advancing in the art of soil
cultivation the demand for our agricul
tural implements is heavy and increasing.
That is to say, that while the products of
the southern countries are not so vital to :
us as to England our foreign market is ex- i
ccedin.ly important, and would be lost if !
England .should be permitted to have its j
lull way in the south. That is a sufficient |
reason lor us to uphold what we are pleased j
to term the Monroe doctrine.
And we can uphold it without any fear :
of resistance from England. A declara- |
tion of war would mean the rebellion of |
Jreland, French assistance of the Atneri- !
r:iii cause, the spreading of Russian BWaj
over Turkey and India and the consolida
tion of all the republics of the Western !
Hemisphere to resist English (and lor that j
matter Euroj)ean) encroachment. We ;
have the most extensive coast line in the i
world, and in Bpiteof England's splendid
fleet it would not be sufficient, considering
the menaces which exist at home, to over- j
cuiiK- the handful of lighting-ships and j
the popgun forts that '♦protect' 1 our coast, i
■\Ve nave no frontier to guard except the!
Canadian, an«l that would not count in I
view of our opportunity to seize Canada ■
ai.d its ports.
For that juatter it might provea blessed j
thing for ne ii the incredible task of sub- j
duinz our coast by any single power I
.should be accomplished. It would drive j
us into the interior, where no earthly force ,
could conquer us, and where we would I
have to develop the splendid resources ;
Which He dormant in both our soil and our I
people. A blockade imposed by England
on our commerce would have almost as
good an effect. Besides compelling us to
<i. veloD our native resources, it would
anneal our people by making them
patriots, and so would elevate to the
loftiest point the standard of American
citizenship. "We might then burn our
criminal codes and turn our penitentiaries
into schools anil factories.
The very fact that a clamor has arisen
on the scorn of danger to American secur
ities held in England in the event of war
presents a deplorable condition of affairs.
< Mi railroad securities alone we are paying
England an interest of $100,000,000 a year,
and that is Only a drop in the big bucket
of the English drain on American re
sources. A war between England and the
United States would take bread out of the
mouths of millions of Englishmen where
it would hurt a score of Americans.
Withdraw from England the products of
American industry and soil, und Russia
and France would know what to do with
India, P^gypt, the Suez canal and the
traflic of the Orient, and they would know
how to fill the vacancies created by the
withdrawal of English warships detailed
to subdue the American coast.
However beneficial the money of Eng
land has been in assisting to develop the
resources of this country, it is none tne
less responsible for much fictitious de
velopment and its accompanying frauds.
England is essentially under the domina
tion of money-lenders. This explains all
vhe features of its policy that make Eng
land the money-lender for the nations.
Its necessary policy is to advance as much
money as possible in the development of
the resources and industries of new coun
tries for the purpose of niakina the inter
ests thus created and stimulated serve as
factors in determining the national policies
of the countries receiving the benefit.
Knowing so well within its own experi
ence the value and power of money, Eng
land wishes this power to be felt in every
country so unwise as to accept its services.
It is a shame that English money is
now talking to Americans in this Venezue
lan controversy. If we admit that this
country's private interests would be in
jured by war with England to the extent
at least that the value of American securi
ties would be depressed and many im
portant American industries ruined, then
we confess that the money barons of Eng
land nave a hand in the direction of our
National policy, and that their influence
is being exerted to fasten upon us the con
ditions under which the hopeless poor of
England are groaning. It would be better
for this country to wipe from its map
every railroad "built with English capital
than have the power of English money
interfering with the destiny of our Nation.
There will be no war unless we open an
eager and aggressive campaign of actual
hostilities. An Englishman will light and
die like a man if he must do so in defense
of his pride, but still he is the sanest mor
tal that walks the earth. And he h*s quit
lighting wars on sentimental grounds. He
has progressed too far in civilization for
that. He will be perfectly satisfied to eat
a little bumble pie while cailing it an ex
cellent article of diet, and declaring that it
was just what his consitution and appe
tite required, so long as he knows that our
fear of losins; iiis money will send us into
a panic, and so long as we are blind to the
enormous power which he exercises over
the vital concerns which we innocently
imagine we are controlling.
CHETWOOD MAKES REPLY
Strikes Back at Soap King
Thomas and at Bank
Agent Stateler.
An Old Resolution of the California
National Bank Directors
Put on Record.
Special Trustee John Chetwood Jr. of
the California National Bank has replied
by affidavits to the strictures made upon
him in the United States Circuit Court
some time ago by Attorney Robert B.
Mitchell, on behalf of himself and Thomas
K. Statele-.
In his answer to Mr. Chetwood's bill of
complaint in the injunction suit against
Stateler the latter made statements re
flecting on the integrity of the complain
ant, and charging him with having
practically misappropriated $0000 of the
$27 ■■> judgment obtained fr m Bank
Directors Wilson and Thompson. At
torney Mitchell also informed Judge Me-
Kenna that Mr. Chetwood was Insolvent
and "an unlit man' 1 to have the business
of the bank in charge.
One allegation in particular made by
A . i at StateJer in his affidavit and Attor
ney .Mitchell was that Chetwood was carry
ing on the litigation for the benefit of his
own personal interests, so as to absorb all
the funds in sight, and this they tried to
support by a specific charge that he had
secured $!)000 as attorney's fees.
To meet these statements Mr. Chetwood
has filed reoly affidavits with Clerk Costi
gan. From these documents it would
appear as though Mr. Chetwood had the
corporation and bona-tide stoCKboldera
with him. He sets forth in one of the
documents the following resolution passed
i y the directors after Soap King Thomas
voted Stateler in as a ent :
Whbbeas, R. P. Thomas, late president of
this corporation, la Indebted to it in the sum
of $200,000, or thereabouts, for damages suf
fered by the corporation owing to his gross
negligence and misconduct In administering
its attairs, and is trying to evade payment of
said indebtedness, rh<l i* conducting or in-
Bpirine litigation hostile to the corporation;
and, whereas, one T. K. Stateler claims to be
ftK-T.t i>f the stockholders of the corporation;
but, whereas, said Stateler was unduly and
illegally elected, and has no valid right to the
office of agent, and is aiding said Thomas in
his said litigation against the corporation;
now, therefore, be it
r/rt. That this corporation do oppose the
schemes, BUita and proceedings of said Thomas
and .-ri.teler and those connected with them;
and in particular, be it
Beaolved, That the corporation endeavor to
outt and remove Stateler, and the president of
the corporation is hereby directed to institute
such legal measures to oarry out the object of
this resolution as may be desirable in the
premises.
In answer to the charge that Chetwood's
motives are selfish, and that he has not
taken the stockholders into his contidence
and is not indorsed by them, it is alleged
that all the steps and purposes of the lit
igation have been explained to them, so
far as practicable, and that they have all
expressed their hearty sympathy with the
litigation and some of them have offered
their assistance. The charge of insolvency
is utterly denied.
Stockholders Holt, Noyes and Nigcle
have appended affidavits* to that of Mr.
Chetwood. They state that they are ac
quainted with the various suits against
Thomas Stateler, are convinced that
therein Chetwood has acted for "'the best
interests of the stockholders, and with an
eye to their welfare in every re
spect," and adi that he deserves
"the gratitude and good will of
all the stockholders, especially in
the efforts to collect the original judgment
against Thomas, in face of thi bitter oppo
sition of T. K. Stateler, who claims to be
agent, of the stockholders," but whom,
affiants say, they "believe to be faithless
to their interests and acting wholly con
trary to their wishes." Affiants further
aver that they are advised of the compen
sation which Chetwood expects, and that
THF SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
it is very moderate and quite satisfactory
to them.
Referring to this compensation and the
$9000 attorneys' fees already received, the
main athdavit recites that the three de
fendants in the original suit owned about
live-sixths of the stock, and cannot get
any of the $27,500. So it is claimed that
the oilier stockholders will receive as much
as if about $70,00U had been collected and
all the stockholders had shared, wherefore
the compensation already received is said
to be extremely reasonable. Chetwood
further declares that his compensation
will be the same whether the litigation
ends to-morrow or lasts ten years, so he
can have no motive to prolong it.
The matter will probably be argued some
time this month.
FOR A DIAMOND PIN.
One of the Articles Stolen From a Kesi-
tlence Two Years Asfo.
Mrs. Bessie Macdonald, 2114 Pacific ave
nue, obtained a search warrant in Judge
Low's court yesterday morning to recover
a diamond pin now in a pawnshop on
Market street, near Mason.
Between January and June, 1894, Mrs.
Macdonald's residence was entered by
burglars while the family was absent from
the City. About $500 worth of jewelry
was stolen. Since then the police have
been working on the case without success.
A few days ago Mrs. Macdonald alleges
she recognized a diamond pin, one of the
articles stolen, in Franklin's pawnshop on
Market street, hence the application for
the search warrant.
RIFLED HIS TROUSERS
Jeremiah McCormack, a Coal-
Dealer, Lost His Day's
Collections.
k Daring Burglar Entered the Room
Where McCormack Slept and
Made a Big Haul.
A daring burglary was reported at police
headquarters yesterday morning, and as a
good description of the operator has beer,
obtained the detectives expect to have him
under arrest soon.
Between 5 and 6 o'clock the lodging
boose of Mrs. Jennie Handiey, mother of
the late Detective Handiey, was entered.
The burglar apparently had a particular
object in view, as lie made direct for the
room occupied by Jeremiah McCormack,
coal-dealer at 917 O'Farrell street. Mc-
CormacK had collected several large ac
counts the previous day and had the
money, about $230, in the pockets of his
trousers, which lay on a chair near his
bed.
McCormack must be a sound sleeper, as
the noise made by the burglar in entering
his room and abstracting the money from
the pockets of his trousers did not disturb
him.
The burglar effected an entrance by forc
ing open the parlor window, and made his
exit by the same way. He was observed
coming stealthily out of the window and
across the grass plat in front of the bouse
by a passer-by, who gave ciiaso, shouting
as he ran for the i>oiice, but the burglar
was too good a sprinter and effected his
escape.
When McCormack awoke in the morn
ing ami discovered his loss he hurriedly
dressed himself and reported his loss at pol
ice headquarters. The man who cbased
the burglar was able to give a good de
scription of him to McCormack and the
police were notified of it. The description
was read to the different "watches" yester
day and they were asked to kerp a sharp
lookout for the burglar and arrest him.
Et is thought that from the fact that no
other room was entered the burglar must
have known that McCormack had taken
the money home in his pockets.
AMONG THE CHURCHMEN.
Grand Concert by the Grace Church
Choir for the Benefit of the
Choir Fund.
Rev. Father Michael, provincial of the
Franciscan order, is in the City. He will
visit all the houses of his order in the
State.
Services of thanksgiving for the graces
and favors of the past year were held at
St. Mary's Cathedral and St. Ignatius and
St. Boniface's churches on New Years
eve.
Yesterday's Monitor gives a description
of t:.e new church of St. Bridget, to be
erected at the corner of Broadway and
Van Ness avenue at a cost of $70,000. It
will be one of the finest places of worship
in the City.
There will be a grand rally of members
of the Young Men's Institute and their
friends at Metropolitan Hall to-morrow
evening.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock John Currie,
the noted Scotch evangelist, will address a
mass-meeting for young men only at the
Association building, Mason and Ellis
streets. His subject will be "The Foot
race." Mr. Currie used to be a trainer and
general sporting character, and will give
some interesting facts relative to his ex
perience. He has been in evangelistic
work about fourteen years.
To-day at 12 o'clock Key. O. C. Miller
will conduct a union Bible study for all
Sunday-school workers and Bible teachers
at the Association Hall, Mason and Ellis
streets.
l>r. M. C. Harris, superintendent of
Japanese missions on the coast, is on a
tour of inspection of ttie missions at Port
land, Tacotna and Seattle.
The Pacific Christian Advocate of the
Ist inst. contains an article on "1 low-
Shall We Educate Our Girls?" by David
Starr Jordan. President Joulan says:
"The best education for a young woman is
surely not that which has proved unfit for
the young man. She ia an individual as
well as he, and her work gains as much as
his by relating it to her life. But an insti
tution broad enough to meet the varied
needs of varied men can also meet the
varied needs of varied women."
C. \V. Clougli is in the City attending to
Enworth League business in his capacity of
State secretary of the league.
The fifth monthly festival will be given
by the Grace Church choir this evening.
The programme is varied and interesting.
Mr. Coffin will sing Barntz's "Soft South
ern Breeze," and Homer Henley will sing
"Nazareth." Mrs. J. H. Desmond, who
recently joined the choir, will sing "Bethle
hem," by Watson. The choruses will be
from Gounod's mass for men's voices, and
Zabrist's "Star of the Morning." Mr.
HoJt will play, by request, the Fantasia,
introducing "The Storm."
Grace Church choir will give a grand
concert on the 22d inst. at the Young
Men's Christian Association auditorium
for the ber.etit of the choir fund. They
will be assisted by Miss Mabel Love, so
prano, and Mrs. 'Maud Chitretle Henry,
contralto. The concert will consist of
ninle choruses, mixed quartets and vocal
solos. W. H. Holt, the organist of Grace
Church, will be the conductor.
Elder H. S. Tanner goes to Sacramento
thie week to hold a series of meetings,
which will extend over four Sabbaths. El
der Shepherd will have charge of the
church in this City during his absence."
President Tanner will discourse this
evening at Pythian Castle on "Salvation
for Living and Dead."
A conference oi Presbyterian elders will
be held at the First Presbyterian Church,
Oakland, on Tuesday evening, the 14th
inst.
Rev. E. E. Clark, who has supplied the
Fruitvale Presbyterian church the past
eighteen months, has been in^alled pas
tor of that church.
The Central Church of Los Angeles lias
secured Rev. John K. Fowler of Cedar
Rapids, lovra, as stated supply.
TO HANDLE LARGE GUNS
How Troops of the National
Guard Should Be In
structed.
HEAVY ARTILLERY PRACTICE.
The Country Needs a Properly Trained
Reserve Force of Artil
lerymen.
A trained reserve to the regular forces
of a country is as necessary to the safety
of that country as are the regular forces
themselves. This axiom, obtaining as it
particularly does in our own country,
where ii is the boast that the maintenance
of a large standing army is not in con
formity with the spirit of American insti
tutions, would seem to indicate the neces
sity of every enersry being directed to the
formation of a trained reserve or, more
properly speaking, support to the heavy
or seacoast artillery arm of the regular ser
vice. lam free to admit that we are en
deavoring to accomplish this with regard
to an infantry, and in a measure cavalry
and field artillery reserve, but does it not
seem that we are somewhat criminally
THL NATIONAL GUARD SHOULD BE TAUGHT TO HANDLE IJKi GU>S.
negligent in our inattention to the great
necessity that exists of training at least a
part of our National Guard in this sea
coast State in a knowledge of coast defense?
In some of the States this is being done,
notably in Connecticut, where the Govern
ment has erected batteries with ordnance
in position for the instruction of the State
troops, and where already a fair measure
of success has been attained. The troops
of Connecticut are not only instructed in
the handling of ordnance and in the use
and care of artillery material, but also in
the use of instruments for sighting and
platting and vessel-tracking and in target
practice, using solid shot and plaster
shells tiiled with light explosive cbartres.
The First Regiment of Massachusetts
Volunteer Militia has recently performed
its animal tour of duty at Fort Warren,
Boston narbor. Out of presumably 10C0
men in three battalions T-'J'i went into
camp at Fort Warren, the field and staff
living in the casemates, line officers and
the men under canvas. During the tour of
six days one battalion was daily assigned
to guard duty, another to infantry drill,
and the third to work at the guns.
The regular officers at the tort were con
stituted a hoard to award prizes for excel
lence in gunnery, one of which was offered
by the Governor oi the State and one by the
field and staff of the First Regiment. That
good results were obtained may be judged
trom the following report of the merit of
the companies at artillery target practice,
the mean absolute deviation from the tar
tret being: P 32.75, X 40, C 13, L .V.. 05, A
56.07, I 62.75, G 73.7,3. E 70.05, B 80.25. M
82.60, D L 05.50, II 173.75 yards. In others
of the seacoast States facilities are afforded
the National Guard of acquiring a knowl
edge oi coast defense that may some day
be of inestimable importance to such sea
coast State*. Here in California we are
(loin- nothing in this direction. Our State
has an extensive coast line, in many parts
vulnerable and all as yet inadequately pro
tected, fchon n the approved project for the
defense oi San Francisco harbor includes
eighty-two guns, ranging from six to
twelve inches in caliber, and lit twelve
inch mortars, besides submarine mines
operated from mining casemates. Now
when all these are in position who is going
to man them in case of war? The artil
lery of the army ?
It has been stated by an eminent artiller
ist that if ail of the heavy artillery of the
army and the National Guard of the
1 nited States were concentrated at New
Yon; City there would still be necessary
5000 more men to properly man the de
fenses of New York harbor alone. No!
though the heavy artillery of the army
will doubtless be largely augmented, it fs
upon the National Guard of the seacoast
Siates that the defense of their State and
country will devolve when the time comes
when we will, fortunately or unfortunately,
be engaged in war. It is, therefore, high
time that we in California were awaken
ing to a realization oi the great responsi
bility, that any time may be ours, so that
when we are tried we may not be found
wanting. Let us therefore hasten to place
some ot our troops in a position to receive
this verj' necessary instruction.
Let us gather together some of the
young men of our guard — of our City —
preferably mechanics, young men who
have an acquaintance with machinery,
with mathematics, young men whose
daily vocations cause them to be familiar
with the different forms of machines, and
the powers of steam and electricity. These
would make an ideal force, and a force
that would be proud and willing to serve
their State in an arm of the service that
would bring into action the intelligence
that they possess in a marked degree, and
which is so necessary to the efficient artil
leryman.
It may have been possible in the past, in
the day of the now obsolete smooth
bore with its simple form of carriage, to
be able, within a few days, to train "State
troops so that they could man and serve
guns; for the day of the smoothbore was
also the day of comparatively slow steam
communication, and there "might have
been time to accomplish the formation of
a reserve, but it is different now.
Immense strides have been made in ord
nance and the science of gunnery; princi
ples are involved to-day that "were not
thought of a few years ago. necessitating
that the personnel of the artillery shall be
superior in intelligence to what is required
of any other branch of the service, with
possibly the exception of the engineers.
The present time of swift steam communi
cation, the declaration of war being almost
immediately followed by the actual open
ing of hostilities, requires that we will
have our reserve ready, and not unformed
entirely or in course of Dreparation. The
necessity of having such a force should
appeal to all having the safety
of the country at heart; it would
seem that even laymen would un
derstand the necessity of having a sec
ond line, unless there be still some among
us imbued with the ancient and hap
piiy now almost exploded idea that be
cause we are Americans and have once
licked somebody we are necessarily in
vincible.
The Government is placing heavy guns
in position to command the approaches to
our harbor, but we have no troops in our
National Guard that could serve and tire
them with the possibility of striking a
stationary, let alone a movable, target. If,
as stated by General Flagler, Ordnance
Department, United States army, the pro
ject for the defense of the country involves
an expenditure of forty-eight millions of
dollars in the purchase and manufacture
of great guns, mortars, torpedoes, etc., is
it well to place in charge of these an un
trained force, which through inexperience
would cause more injury to the appliances
for defense than would the guns of the
enemy?
When war is declared (possibly it may
never be, but sometimes it is well to deal
with remote contingencies) there will be
no time for drill, no time to study even
first principles, no time to select the* young
men of the National Guard who will "be the
best adapted for this work; and when we
shall want our artillery reserve we shall
want them like the * man from Texas
wanted the gun.
in California we are not training our
troops in the nature of defense that is
needed. Do we not know from what is
daily occurring in other parts of the world
and that has occurred thai "a nation un
prepared to defend itself is most exposed
to the encroachment; and aguressions o
i hostile powers?" I think we do. And we
also know or should know that "the surest
i guarantee of peace is the power of a nation
| to resist invasion and punish aggression."'
; Let us see what professional opinion is in
! tliis matter. And should we not defer to
, the. professional soldier, to those who are
! interested in the National Guard and to
I those who know that the National Guard
: is the true standing army of the country?
In the indorsement of the staff of the ar
[ tillery school on Major Tidbali's "Manual
■of Heavy Artillery' it is stated '"that it
; (the manual) is probably invaluable for
; the instruction of militia artillery, upon
j whom in any war the defense of the coun
try will largely devolve, and whose atten
i tion should undoubtedly be directed to
I heavy artillery instruction in time of peace
| and not to held artillery merely, as is now
! the custom."
The report of the general commanding
the army embodies the following with
respect to the reorganization of the regu
lar artillery and infantry : He says: "The
strength of infantry, cavalry and field
artillery forces which might "be required
in war with n foreign power does not ad
mit of a very accurate estimate in advance.
Not so in respect to the seacoast artillery.
War with any considerable maritime na
tion would require that all the seacoast
defenses of this country be fully manned.
The force requisite for this purpose has
been very accurately estimated at &j,OOO
men, while the peace garrisons estimated
as necessary for the care of these defenses
and instruction of th" militia reserves is
only 4200 men, or not more than one-twen
tieth of the war garrisons. Nineteen
twentieth 9 of the war garrisons must be
drawn from the locai militia, Manifestly
a considerable portion of this artillery re
serve should receive some instruction in
time of peace. Hence, attention is again
directed to the importanc • of organizing
in the seacoast States an artillery reserve,
to be instructed annually in connection
with the regular seacoast garrisons.
Measures in this direction have already
been adopted in some of the States, and
these should be extended throughout all
the States bordering on the oceans and the
gulf."
Lieutenant Mclver, late inspector of the
National Guard of California, recom
mends in his report "the maintenance in
i San Francisco of a four-company bat
i talion, to be uniformed and designated as
! artillery, and which in addition to being
drilled as infantry shall receive as far as
practicable instruction in the handling of
: heavy guns. The value of such a force as
lan auxiliary to the regular artillery in
I case of war Is well recognized. The con
i venient proximity of the forts forming the
j defenses of the harbor of San Francisco
I and the excellent material in the City for
I such a force seem to be favorable condi
i tions." General Gay V. Henery, special
I inspector of the National Guard of the
I State of New York, recommends: "One or
I more regiments for service with heavy
j artillery guns should be a part of the
: National Guard."
Many other officers of the army, among
them the officers of the Fifth Artillery,
stationed at the Presidio, have from time
to time urged the necessity of the forma
tion of a reserve to man our defenses in
case the regular garrison be withdrawn
and ordered to other duty or to provide
for casualties occurring to the regular
force.
In conclusion I quote from an article
that appeared in the Western Soidier of
June, IS9I, written by an ex-regular army
artilleryman, which is apropos. He says:
"An artillery soldier's duty does not sim
ply consist of knowing how to load and iire
a big gun. Supposing he is sent to a fort
where the guns are lying about in all direc
tions, their carriages upset and broken; he
must be capable of taking hold, shifting
his guns from broken to serviceable car
riages, dismounting some and mounting
others. All this is not to be learned in an
hour or a day, and the time to prepare for
the contingency above hinted at is not
when it might occur in time of war, but in
time of peace; that is now !"
If the foregoing somewhat loosely con
nected remarks will in any manner cause
authorities to arrange for the early forma
tion of California's artillery reserve I will
be amply repaid. John A. Miller,
Captain Second Artillery, N. G. G.
Tn» pyramids bave existed for thousands
of years and puzzled the ingenuity of the
learned to trace their origin. Tiie most
magnificent are those in the neighborhood
of Grand Cairo, the finest is 120 feet higher
than St. Paul's Cathedral.
CONVENTION WILL COME
That of the W. C. T. U. Thought
by Miss Frances Wiliard
Assured.
RAILWAY OFFICIALS ARE SEEN.
Much Enthusiasm Among Local White
Ribboners Regarding the Fu
ture Assemblage.
There is much rejoicing; amonz the mem
bers of the Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union of this City over the announce
ment made in a recent letter from Miss
Frances E. Willard, their honored leader,
that the next annual convention of the
National organization will be held in Cali
fornia.
Miss Willard says:
Our next convention is to be held in Califor
nia, and each State and Territory, I am sure,
will wish to be at its very best when we go to be
the puests o( our brave pioneer workers on the
Pacilic Const.
Continuing, she says in the same com
munication, which is a letter to Mrs. B.
Sturtevant Peet, president of the Califor
nia Woman's Christian Temperance
Union:
The Baltimore convention and my enormous
correspondence indicate that the pulse of our
blessed movement is steadfest and strong as
ever. Indeed, it seems to me to have gained in
momentum, and I expect this to be one of the
best years, if not the beat, in our history thus
far. There is zeal for the increase of our
membership, which must always be— next to
the indwelling of the Spirit— the basis of the
progress we so earnestly desire.
The oflicers of local unions will interview
railroad officials soon with a view to se
curing satisfactory rates for visitors to the
convention, which will be held in the early
fall, and in all probability in this City.
FIGHTING THE FAIR WILL.
The Executory of the Lost Testament
Reply to Lute Contests.
W. iS. Gootlfellow, Louis C. Bresse, James
?. Angus and Thomas (i. Crothers have
filed motions to dismiss and demurrers to
the contests of the stolen Fair will filed
recently by Marc Livingston and the
Board of Teachers' Retirement Fund Com
missioners.
It is alleged in both motions and de
murrers ihat the contests filed do not state
facts Millic-ient for cause of action, and
that neither contestant has the legal
capacity to oppose the probate of the will.
In Levingston's case it is also alleged that
he is not a party interested, and against
the fund commissioners it is claimed they
have no legal existence. It is further
alleged that the contests were not filed
within the statutory time.
The motions and demurrers will be heard
before Judge Slack "on January 10.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
TheComstocks closed the week at a further ad
vance, the north and middle stocks and Gold Hill
group being equally affected. The advance though
general was not li'.rce. but trading was brisk after
lha board. The Bodi s were weaker.
The leading fluctuations of the week were as fol
lows: Best & Kelcher, 84@89c: Chollar, 6-%79c;
Con. Cal. & Va., $2 -16(32 53; Confidence. $1 10®
] -J5: Gould & Curry, 45@55c: Hale <£ >Torcross,
$1 Of ©130; Ophir, $1 40@l 55; Po'.osi, sS@6Bc;
Sierra Nevada, 53<&62c; Yellow Jacket, 43@56c.
XOTES.
The Alaska Packers' Association has declared
dividend 25 of 75c per share, payable on the 13th.
Ths Savage Mining Company baa levie au as
sessment of 20c per share, delinquent February 6.
li. Overman ssment nf 10c per share will
be delinquent in the company's oflice to-morrow.
I The Con. Cal. <fc Va. has three bars of bullion,
I valued s»t $11,029 2(5, the first, on the present run
! of the Morgan mill.
The weekly report from the Con. Cal. <fc Va. is as
I follows:
1050 level— Are repairing and rasing timbers in
I south drift, on the ninth tloor (first floor above sill
floor on this level). From fourteenth Boor (sixth
! floor above sill floor of this level) continue to work
! upward ai south end of ooening to sixteenth floor. I
i On the sixteenth floor opening has bten enlarged to
I 25 feel in length, showing ore in top 3 feet in
I width at south end and 2 feet In width tit
i north end. assaying 825 95 a ton. Have cx
i tracted from opening, including about 10 tons from
I north end of stope on tenth tloor. 66 tons of ore,
! average value of which, per samples taken from
cars in mine, was 30 44 a ton.
1750 level— From fifth, sixth and seventh floors
' above sill Moor of this level opened out through up
raise No. 2 are extracting some ore on nonh along
west side of opening, showing width of 3 and 4 feet,
assaying $30 to $50 a ton.
The south drift run from the east end of the
southeast drift on the sill Moor of this level has
been extended 15 feet, the face being fn quartz
assaying $3 to $5 per ton; total lengtlTof the drift
•_'<>!> feet.
From the fifth, sixth and seventh floors from tip
ra'se 2 anrl from the north end of the stope on the
thirteenth, fourteenth and fifteenth floors have ex
tracted 180 tons of ore, the average assay value of
which, per sample taken from cars in the mine,
was SF-4f» &1 per to:i. The total extraction of ore
from the mine for the week amounted to 246 tons,
the averane assay value of which, per sample from
cars when raised to surface, was $34 53 per ton.
Have reopened and timbered the northwest drift
from the main west drift from C. and C. shaft for a
distance of 18 feet,' or a total distance of 188 feet
northwes". from the mouth of the west crosscut
that connects with our stopes iv .he west side of
the mine.
1000 level— the north drift from the Con. Va.
shaf; station on this level lias been advanced 40
feet, paning through porphyry and clay separa
tions: toial length of the drift 325 feet. Have
shipped to the Morgan mill 908 tons of ore, assay
ing, per ra Iroai'.-c.-.r samples, $41 87 per ton.
Average assay value, per battery samples of al
ore worked at the mill (630 tons) was $32 41 per
ton.
Following Are the Highest Prices During
the Fast Week.
I lie.-..
[Wed.
Alpha
Alta
Andes .'.
Belcher
Best & Belcher..
Bodie....
Bullion
Bulwer
Caledonia :
Challenge
Choliar
Con. Cal. <fc Va. .
Confidence
frown Point. ...
Gould & Curry.
Hale & JSorcro'sj
Mexican
Mono......
Ophir
Overman
Occidental.......
l'otosi
Savage
Scg. Belcher
Sierra Nevada. .
Union..:
Utah
Yellow Jacket..
2.;
l.i
,12 sa
091 09
19 20
SO 30
87 84
49 48
19 17
11 11......
OS 07
28 29
66 64
.45 2.45
.15 1.10
26 27
45 45......
.10 1.05......
67 65
07
.45 1.40
10 09
68 68
68 68!
34 33......
09 10
64 53
46 45
04 04
41 43
19
11
26 26; 26
10 11 14
21 25 25
31 82 SB
89 94 08
43 43 4 1
20 20! 20
11 11 11
..:-. i ?.- 10
30 31 38
72 77 79
2.45 2.60 2.55
1.18 1.20 1.25
27 30 31
481 50 ....
1.18 1.25 1.3!)
66 69; 69
•••• | 05
1.45 1.50 1.55
21 23 24
67 68! 70
62 65 68
35 37 40
11 10 12
67 ,-' 62
46 47 40
0* 04 05
50 54 56
1.1 V
6'
0'
BOARD SAI_I>S.
Following were the sales in the San Francisco
StocK Board yesterday;
RFfIDUIt_IORVI\-.v™nN- coMWßvrfvr* .-,. 30
100 Andes 251300 C Point... Potoal «_.
1000 B & a... 97100 O «fe C 51200 ""x\l
lOOßodle 41300 52 100 H__«_U4_"'£_
100 40 200 ....1.30 400 tt,:e ---.8
100 8u11i0n... 20 100 Mexicn...6S 100 See Bel
300Challuge..33 200. 1.69 200 8 Nev 60
100 Ch011ar....77 360 Occidntl...6B!lso JNe% **— 58
400 76 150 695^0 Union ci' 40
SWcSSo-'ilSj 1 50i503 *02£..V.7.05
-ton S"- 1 ' IS2 rt - — ---1-50300 V Jacket..ss
300 I Imp OS 400 Ovrmn 24| ■
Following _T ere the sales ,a the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday -.
RieniTr.ti. «-s^7n\--.n.i.
600 A10ha..... 26 1000 Caleda.,oB 100 0ccid ... .69
300 26300CC4V2... 50 300 B*i
j»°° AUa 12900 foawiooov::.v:.:::7o
r,m *"h o^n. 5 .L "" 1.2., 30J Ophirl.s2V
-500 Andes 25 2000 Con 1m..02 900 1.55
600 -6 2000.... 03 1200 Ovrmn 23
800 Belchcr....3 i |looo C NY... 01 iw. ...24
{."J* ••• 33 600 C P0int....33 400 Potosl 64
££ ■*•■ — 2* 80 ** fcxenqr.. . 10900... 67
ggO B& * 952500 O & C...51 1200 Savage. .B7
£>" 96-900 50400 ... 36
2gg": "M,*. 53 1 500 Scorpiono4
*""•• 98500 54 800 SB AM... U
i.*-*, - . - * ••"•" 9940 ° H«fcN ...1.25 1200 -Nev.. .59
«»« B ° dle 40 2000 ......1.27V 2 1000 Hill. .03
55 41-400 1.30 600 Union C...48
*8_! ■„—■• 42 1000 Julia 02900 47
?W;8u11i0n....2C 500 Justice.. ..os 4oo Utah.... ..05
1 .,**.----*-- 211600 Kemck....o6 800 08
inn i^. 1 -."-' 12 50 ° L Wa5b....01|2000 V JaclcetSS
800 Cha11ge....32 Mexican..69 600 .... 54
390 ■•• .33 000 68800 ......65
300Ch0iiar....75 000 70:1000.. . 56
-400.-.. 7K 1100 M0n0... .05 200 . ';. '"57
400 -- 78 *
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Jan. 4-12 it.
Bi*.A*kfti\ liid.A.\h*d.
Alpha Con 25 '27'jBcksoD - 40
Aim 13 15iiulia. 0^ O.i
Andes.'.".'"'.." 24 L'f Justice OS |!6
Belcher 34 3(5 b'entucn. 05 Oi
Best Belcher. 98 1.00 Lady W.wh.... 01 03
BentonCon — 45 Mexican *>? 09
Kodle . 40 4'-»|Mt. Diablo 1* 20
8u11i0n..'.'...".'.. 20 .Mono 05 OK
Bulwer .- 11 13 >'eva«la Queen. 04 OB
Caledonia ... 09 10 Occidental 68 70
Challenge Con. 32 3.sOphir 1-50 1.55
Chollar 73 Overman '-'••» -t
Con.Cai.i' Va.2.53 2.Bl|l'otosi bS 70
Con. lmDenai. 02 03 buvaze 36 37
Confidence 1.J5 1.25 tfcjc. BelcMer... 11 13
Coa.XewYorK. — 01 sierra Xevai*. 60 6
Crown Point... 31 31 Scorpion »>3 —
EastSierraAev — 01 silver lIIU 03 04
Exchequer..... 09 10 Silver Kin-: '-'5 —
Eureka C0n.... 16 25 Syndicate — OS
Gould «fc Curry. 53 04 L'nionCua 4H —
Httle.fc>;orc;:4. l:2s I.3o;Utali <»5 06
lowa — -Yellow JacKas. 66 58
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 4-10:S0 a. m.
VNITKD STATES BINiW.
Bid. Atsk'd. Bid. AsHetL
US 4s coup. .1081 — f S-13 reg...108% - .
MISCKLLAXKnrs >S]> ■. ,:• •■ J
Cal-stCbl«>ss. — 110 -Do. 2(1 Iss 6s. — —
CalKlecL6s.lO6 — P«OKyflß.lo7 —
CntraC\Vss. — 100 i/>!l\fc Ch itv Os. 101^,107
Dpnt-st 77 s».> |Pwl-st.Rj:6s. — 11SJ£
KdsnLAP 63.1051,4107 Heno. WL4L — 105
FJtCHKU6s.IOSi/ — KiverU' Cot>3 — 100
Gearv-5tH55.1045/ B loc .-rcioP .V . 100 102^4
LosAaeL,6s. — 101 SF&NPKRSsIOO H)l« a
Do,UntPd.6s. — 10iy 2 'sPßliAriz63 — 94
■Slkt-stCbMJsl2o 122 iSl KKCal6s..llo :— ■
l>oK.vConss..lo7V2loßy 2 isPlU;Cals9_ 90 —
NevCXgRB3. - 100 SPBrKCaiea. itb 97V4
NPO X X 6a. 1031/2 — ,'BV\Vatcrtsi..l?2
Nlty Cal 65. 102 — SVWater43... 98 V 2 «9 x /i
XRyCalSs. — 103 [Stktnli<fcEoj — 103
Oak Gas 55..104 Vi — SunstTiT6s. — 10(1
Do. 2d Iss 53.104V 3 — Sutter-stßss. 1091/3110%
Omnibus 65.. lißi/ 2 il9' V'ißalia\VC6» — -92
Pacl;ollM6s.. — —
WATKR BXOCK3.
Contra Costa. 45 50 iSan Jose 76i/i «6
MarinCo — 62 %'sprlng Valley 97Vij 98 1
GAS STOCKS.
Capital — 393/4'Paciflc Light. 46 48
Central 05 — Francsco 71*/ i 72Vi
OakGL&H. 50Va M Stockton..... — 21 Va
I'acCiaslmp. 81 V 3 IJ2
I R L' B A <TE BTOC
FiremansFd.ls4 160 |Suu 66V 3 —
COMMERCIAL fIANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — |LondonPAA.l27»/il3o
Anglo-Cal... 59i/ 2 62 London&SF. — 28
Bank of Ca1..230 233 iMerch Kx.... t]| —
CaISD&TCo.. 67 HO |Nevada . .. — —
First>'ationl.lß2V2l6B Suther B Co.. — —
Grangers — — I ;■•".'/
savinos BANK STOCKS.
GerS<tLCo.l4sO 1600 Sav&Loan.. — 180
HumbS&L.IOOO — Security — 275
Mutual 36 4iy Union Trust. — 836
SSFbav Union — 495 1
BTBKKT KAII.KOAD STOCKS.
California... .los — jOak.SLAHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 'Presidio 6 —
Market-5t.... 44y 8 Sutter-st — —
rowora STOCKS.
AtlantlcD... 15 — Judson — —
California.... »5 115 Vigont. 60c — .
Ulant — 19 I
MISCELLANEOUS RTOCICH.
Alnska Pkrs. 95 99 OceanlcSSCo — 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 IPacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMllls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CfilDrvDoek. — — PucI&XCo. — 30
Edison Light. — 96 Pac Roll Mill 22y 3 25
GasCooAasn. — — ParfPaintCo. — 9
HawCASCoi. 714 784 PacTransCo. — 25
HutchSPCo.. 13 13V4 IVU- 60 —
JudsonMfgC. — — KunsetT&T.. 40 —
AssnlOO 110 lUnitedCOo.. — 25
lIOKNI.VI SKSSrO.V.
Board— 2oo Hntchioson S P Co, 13V 8 ; 75 Mar
ke:-st Railway, 45: J;'> S V Water, 98.
stree: — $1000 California-st X R Bonds, 109»i:
$5000 Geary-st r.% Bonds, 105.
AUCTION SALES .
AIMOXT"
THURSDAY,
THURSDAY JANUARY 16, 1896,
AT 12 M., BY
YON RHEIN & GO,,
-£l_t Salesroom,
513 CALIFORNIA ST.,
We Will Sell by Order of
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO,
MAYOR OF SAN FRANCISCO,
That portion of Miss'on block 4S bounded by 15th,
16th, Harrison and Folsom, belonging to the Ciiv,
fron:ino: about 6H fee: on 16th and 123feeton Har-
rison; depths irregular; diagrams at our ollice; 10
per ce:it of purchuse price to he paid to the auc-
tioneer; remainder on acceptance of bid by Mayor
Sotro, who reserves the r.ght to reject any and all
bids.
UNDER PRIVATE ORDERS."
Brannan and Bluxome Street Lots.
100x120— S. lineof Braunan st., 200 feet W. of
4th: also
50x120— N. line of Bluxome St., 250 W. of 4th.
To be sold as a whole or in lots.
Rents SlB4 ; Folsom, Shotwoll and 17th,
245x140— As a whole or in lots— Entire N. front
of 17th, bet. Folsom and Shotwell, fronting 140 ori
Folsom and Shotwell, with t-unk factory leased at
140 to September, 1897, and 4 cottages on Fol-
som St.
Cor. Stockton and Clay; Rent $187.
59:8x63:9— 5E. cor. Clay and Stockton sts.
55:10x63:9— lln*> of Stockton: 81:8 S. of
Clay: the whole covered by Chinese stores anrt
dwellings, paying at greatly reduced rents $187
per month.
Page, near Market ; Rents 576.
27:6x120-117-119 Pace and 126-1261^, Kose
avc, W. of Gough; iy 2 blocks from Market; mod-
ern improvements; renu reduced from $120.
Sacratnento-St. Cor. Cheap; Rent 516.
30x46—929 Sacramento; S\V. cor. of Prospect
place, above Stockton; both streets accepted.
Natoma, bet. 3d and New Montgomery.
20x70 — 140 Natoma; front and rear house: rent
$30 ; sure to increase iv value.
SE. Cor. California and 21st Are.
. 57:6x100— A fine corner; superb marine view;
equally desirable location for business or dwell-
ings.
22d, Residence, \car Guerrero.
25x114—741 22d; 7 rooms and bath; the houKa
is in need of repairs, but with a moderate outlay
can be made to rent for $30.
17th, near Howard ; Rent 849.
25x100—214 17th, bet. Howard and Capp; rents
$13; laundry pays $35 r.nd has lease.
Noe and Henry Street T.or.
25x80 each— 2 lots E. line of Noe, runninc 36
feet S. of Henry; 1 b!ock irjm Market.
25x76—13. line of Henry, 80 feet E. ofNoe; I
block irom Market.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, Mal.n, 6181.
Furniture and Carpets of the Grand
Southern Hotel at Auction.
MONDAY AND TUESDAY,
January 6 and 7. • ,
At 10 a. m. each day, we will sell, on the premises,
COR. MISSION AND SEVESTH STS.,
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE
AND CARPETS
Of above Hotel, contained in 100 rooms.
The goods comprise Two Square Pianofortes,
Fine Solid Oak Chamber Suits, Best Spring and
Curled Hair Mattresses, Fine Feather Pillows and
Bolsters. Mission Blankets. Mantel Mirror 3, Brus-
sels Carpets, Wardrobes, 200 O:ik Chairs, Fire-
proof Safe, Fine Upholstered Parlnr Furniture. etc
Xote.- Be sure and attend the sale, as the goods
are very desirable.
KDWAKI) s. SjPKAR & CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street.
TO=MORROW
WE WILL SELL AT AUCTION
TURKISH RUGS
AND CARPETS,
, At salesroom, 16 Post St., at 2 p. v.
WILL.E. FISHER ,fc CO..
Auctioneers.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD
SUMMABY OF TIIK MAUIiEX'.
Twenty-four failures last week.
Bank clearings gain 10.8
Silver unchanged.
w heal a fraction higher.
Barley. Oats .'. -i Rye unchanged.
Corn continues to advance.
Hay unaffected by dry weatlier.
Kran markctl Dp 50c.
Beans all and nominal.
Choice Potatoes higher. Onions firm.
Butter tending upward.
Cheese linn and Eggs steady.
Turkeys higher.
Blight changes in name.
Cranberries and Grapes no longer quotable.
Mexican Limes higher.
Oranges still slow.
Hams, Bacon and Lard lower.
Dried Fruit siill dull.
No change in Hides.
WEATHER lIIREAU KKPORT.
UNITBS Statks Di:part«ekt ok Aqricdl
liKh Wkathkr Blkkat. San- Fbancisco, Jan-
I 1596, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The followinK are the seasonal rainfalls to date
us compared with tbose of tho same date last year:
Lureka 15.50, last season 2101; Ked Bluff 6.66,
last season 15.22; San Francisco 4.10, last season
14.63; Fresno 1.11, last season 6.78: San Luis
Obispo 4.00. last season 13.34: LOS Angeles 1.71
!nst season 5.38: Sau Diejro 1.:>7. last season 2 31-
Yuma .32, lust ■• ason 2.21. '
1 t:e following maximum temperature', are re
ported trom California stations 10-da- : Kureka
54, Red Bluff 54, Fresno 68, San Francisco 66 San
Luis Oblspo 7o, Independence 56, Los Angeles 7H
>an l>ieKu 6S, Vuma 68. '
San Fraucisco data— Maximum temperature 56
minimum 42. mean 49. '
The area of high pressure which was central last
niKht ovtT tl;c> Dakota.-.. Nebraska and Kansas has
moved - nk-ard, lt>avinj,-, however, a secondary
bi^h r.-ntral to-nischt over Southern Idaho, Utah
and Nevada. r l he cold v. ,-a:her west Of The Rocky
Mountains is now pructically over. The urea of
low pressure central last nils-lit over Vancouver
Island has deepeii'-d and is moving slowly inland.
It is now raining i. Northern Waahington and the
maximum wind velocity report* from Fort Can
by is forty miles p.-r hour. Cloudy, threatening
weat her prevails thi3 evening nortti of the forty
second i iiiailt 1. anj ail conditions point to a period
Of unsettled weather alone the Pacific Coast.
Forecast made at Sau Francisco for thirty hours
endiiiK midnight Januarys, 1896:
Northern California— Increasing cloudiness and
probubly showers Sunday uftt-rnoon in the north
ern portion; stationary temperature; southeasterly
winds.
s>outhern California— Kair, w-th increasing clomi
. io< d and ■ prospect -if unsqt
ealher; statlor.arv temneraturej li uti; , vari
able winds.
• Fa r: warniei
wanner.
\ri7.nna— Fair: ,-tiitionarv temperature.
Francisco and vicinity— Increasing c!»udi
ness and prospects of iiasi* led w.-a:l'er S'uid.iy
tiiKht; stationary temperature; northensturly
wiAds, chaut;ii.- to southeasterly.
A. McAuik, Locnl Forecast OfUcial.
NEW YOKK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 4.— Firmness was the
chief characteristic of the opening tradisg of the
stock Exchange to-day. London, much to the
surprise of the s:re iv view ol the developments
lln South Africa, bought, moderately (ft its favor
ites, and cable advices reported uniform gains in
American securities abroad. Prices here rose
ii@lig percent, i.ouisviiie and Nasiville leading
the railway list with sales up lo 4<%. Tobacco,
which wus the M ire of the market at the close
yesterday, gained V 4 per cent, seilino: at 841 -..
The strrnsrth o: be market," however, iwas short
lived, and before the expiration of the tirst l:our a
s-lling movi'jni'nt set in. which carried prices
down anywhere from l-j to '.' per **nt.
Jersey Central,' however, los: S5 S and Tobacco
3Vs- Lake Shore fell ■_'. to 139%; Leather pre
ferred -'. 10 6'JVfe: Manhattan ls-' a , tolOl: Bur
lington and Quincy 1ig,t0753 s : Su Paul I*4; ;o
675 S ; Hock Island I^B, to t>si-»: Northwestern
IV»i to 98: Canada Southern 11 i, to -ITU: Kansas
and Texas preferred 1 Vi, to "J4i. s : 13 lan-are and
Hudson 1» i ,to 1223, 8 ; Reading li.j. to 2%;j
General Electric 1?*, to 25; Louisville and Nasn-'
ville is g , to 43*4, and Western Union 1%; to 83Vg.
The decline in the market was doa pr'imarilv to
the lay in annonn the bond issue and yester
day's debate in the £eoate, which \s i o; reassuring
so far as Wall street, is concerned, i epor of
frictiou in the bond Qdicate bad a disturbing
fftect on the market. The drop in Tobacco ra
attributed to selling of stocK bought on t lie break
after the passage of the dividend. Since that time
the stock has advanced over 'JO points. Leather
j'referre.l was so:d on the ration or 1 the reports
about the passing of the dividend.
The market closed weak at near the lowest point
oi the day. Toti sales were 137,760 shares.
Bonds wer- weak. iSales were S 9-7.000. Atchl
fOn fours fell ] to 7434; Broadway and Seventh
yvenue coiisoii<ia:ed lives, 1 to Ll2: Reading first
preferences, l^i to 191,^: do twos, 13 to 8% : do
threes, 1 to 4; do general mortgage fours, 1 to
{72*, i, and Wabd&b firsts. 13*. to 103.'
oraln.
I FLOUR— DuII, steady, unchanged. Southern
flour— DnJi; stealy. Buckwheat Hour. fl :-;0:
buckwheat, SSc.
CORN MEAL— Quiff, steady.
RYE- Nominal.
BARLEY ami P.AIiI.EY MALT— Unchanged.
KAT— sj.nt market fairly active; firmer.
Nc. _ red, store and elevator, 7Uf4c; aflont.
71»ic: f. o. b., 7OVi<Si7li.io: unpraded ret. tisrg,
t>:U; No. 1 nortbern. t>Bi,4c.
I Options were 1 ,ry active and firm at sic ad
vaice- No. 2, red, January, 6714 c; May, 6714 c:
j.iiy, eavfec.
O)KN- t^pot dull, firmer. No. 2, 345/ijc elevator,
Xis&c aflo • : January, 345 ' 8 c: l'ebruarr, 34(Mbc:
.Ma;-, 34% c. "
OaT?-— Spot dull: tlrm. Options dull: nominal.
January. 'iSi^c: February, 23*:.c; May, '24c. Spot
rrtcfs— No. ii. 2S)4@2SV^tC: N«. 2 white. J4 '..<■:
No. - Chicago, 2414@243Ac; No. 3, while, JH^ c;
mixed Western, '2'6\i,(§2i\' 2 c; white State and
Wes.ern, 24@27c.
Provisions.
f.AßP— Quiet; weak. Weatem steam, *5 70
a'.ked; January, $j t>.*<: rofin'.-d, dul . ontiuent,
Si 10: 'S. A.. $ti 40: comuounrt. ?45,»@3.
FORK-Quiet; mess. -' ib&B 20.
Bl'TTtK— Fancy, rirm; unchanged.
CHEESE— Quiet; uuchanged.
I'GUii — Light receipts; linn. State and
Pennsylvania, 24@26c; southern, 21@24: Icehouse,
16v5;20c: do case. «3 75<a4i*5: estem fresh.
TALLOW— Steady. City, 33; c; country B%<a4c.
rOKSEED OlL— Quiet; unchanged.
UOS»IN— DuII : unrharii.''-J.
TURPENTINTC— Unc-hansed.
POTATOES— Quiet : unchanged.
I'.ICE — Firm: unohansed.
MOLASSES— Quiet; inchanged.
COKKKK— F.asv. unrhansetl -.. 15 points down.
J*nimn-. $18 303:1:4 :<5: February, $13 10®13 15;
March, .?13 10@13 15: September, Pll 75(3(11 85;
:-pot Rio, dull; easy; Xo. 7. l4 Vic.
SUGAR— Raw, nrm; dull; fair refining, 3-% c;
centrifugal, 96 test, 3";ic Reiined, quiet; firm; '
unchanged.
Fruit and Prodnoe.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS: Apricots— Pass, lO'.i
'5,12 c.
PEACH p;s— Peeled, IB unpeeied, 53:(S8JAC.
>]> Four sizes. 5i s u.-,i 4C . *'- ra
RAlSlNS— lx>tidon layers, h.Wdsi 'J5; do Loose
.Muacau-1. 3-crown, 3C*HV 2 c: iio-4-crown. itaih-iC.
ALMONDS - Paper- shell. U@l2c; do, soft
bhell, 10@.10i-2C.
W A Standard, 6%@7c; ao soft shell
BV^(£loc. . '
MrrclmnilNc.
PIG IRON— Quiet, unchanced.
COPPER— DuII. Lake. SlO.
LEAD— Easy. Domestic, $3 07J.:.&:{ lo
TIN — lirni. fcsiraits, 91290^1295;' plates,
tePELTER— Nominal. Domestic, .$3 60.
< HI( AGO MARKKTS,
CHICAGO, lv., Jan. 4.— There was an advance
In wheat this mornine, hut it was a noteworthy
fact that the professionals who, it was claimed
had turned aggressively bullish, were liberal
sellers at the improved prices, th.> full apprecia
tion not being maintained for that reason, st
T. oil's and other Souihwr^tern shorts and lorJ
featherweight bulls were th<» conspicuous buv«M
during the morulnz, but the load of offerl] «««
preator than had been bargained for, hence th*
moderation in strength which appeared after the
first flurry was over. lne
The Influences favorable to values were large ex
port rl">ara:ices from both OOasta for the week
8,966,731 bushels: licht recslpta car.,' v Chi
cagoand392in the Northwest-higher Ltrernool
cables and the intensely cold weather. Withdraw
als from stare were 16ti,665 bnshels. Closing Ant
werp cables were unchanged: Paris was lower for
■pot flour; but other quotations were liicher Ber
lin was higher. Atlantic seaboard clearances were
light at 112.879 bushels. May wheat opened frorr
60 to 59-/ c, sold between 69»4@59T' 8C and 6 ii/. r '
closing ai 60c, liijther than yesterday. Esti!
ruated receipts for Monday, 100 cars.
CORN— Early obtained benefit from wheat. The
exports for the week, as figured by Rradstreet's.
amounted to 3.227,000 bnshels. which strui traoS
ers as being no mean argument for improvi meal
Liverpool cables were up V4@M:<l, »nd tiiai like
wise impressed the crowd favorably. Receipts
were 317 cars and 100,840 bnshels were withdraws
from Store. Atlantic seaboard clearances amount
ed to 641,919 bushels. May corn opened at 28y H e,
•old at 281 ,c and closed at the latter, 14c over yes
terday. h stlmated receipts for Monday 360 cars
OATS— Had no pertinent influence, but obtained
firmness from the other grains. .Receipts were 115
cars. No oats were taken from store. Mayors
closed 1. s'/M.ir higher than yesterday. EstlaateO
receipts for .Monday, 170 cars.
FLA X— Wassu-ady. cash, 91@91i/ 2 c; May, 05c.
Hecelpts were 41 cars.
PKOVTSIOSB— The impulse in product at th<s
opening was lo go higher and some little gains took
place, bnt profits were tempting to the Jongs and
under th»lr Nell the advance was stayed. Dur
ing the session prices weakened ba' to about yes
terday's closing quotations. May pork closed 2i/.c
over yesterday, M:iy lard a shade higher and May
ribs unchanged.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— 57Vic; Hay, 80c; July,
60S/iC.
COnN— January, 25% c; May, 28^c: Jnly,
OATS— January, 17c; May. ltfJ/«c.
I'ORK- January, $9: May, #9 H7IA.
LA Kl>— January, «5 871 A: May. 67iv
lIKIBf — January, $4 35: -May. $4 67 Va-
BBl'TTbli—Tiie intensely cold weather restricted
$*«•- °\ heT pncea unchanged. ""'es-Kous
. livestock.
UNION STOCKYAUDS. i,.,,., Jan . 4 Tne
light receipts of cattle to-day sold at strong prices.
The demand showed indlca ions oi enlargi Q The
offering, of hogs were only moderate, and under a
good local and shipping aemand prices advanced
lieu'r r and B P v°« U «f2-- The recel Pt* of sheep were
prices o%er ything vias closed out at strong
M l^2?sl ptß ' &oa Common to extra
'..'.:■ " rf " S <3»l 75; stockers and feeders, $'2 75
M 3 ... cows and bulls. SIEO@3 50; calves, .f3
M>' lexans, $3<§j4 10.
1i..,,5-Keceu, is . 17.000. Heavy packing and
snipping ,101s. .$3 65(a)3 82V 2 ; common to choice
Sun 11 T .@ 38 Ms ; <-lioice assorted, $3 75®
w : Khl ■ I<?3 J**®' 6 IlX i pl s ' »2 75 3 75.
t-v^in p — Receipt*, 3000. Inferior to choice,
?2|^3 bO; lambs, $3 25@4 70.
-NEW YORK STOCKS. *
Bonds, Exchange. Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call is 4@5%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6(&9-:. Bar silver, o\}%c Mexican dol
lars, 623^0. (Sterling exchange is steady, with
actual bemnen in baiiKrrs' bills at $4 87%@4 88
for sixty a«.ys ana $4 89@4 K9y 4 for demand.
Posted ratf<, $4 88y 2 @4 90. Commercial bills,
$4 86»4@4 87y 2 . Government bonds, have been
steady; State bonds dull railroad bonds weak.
ci-OSIKB STOCKS.
Am Tel <fc Cable-.. 90 iXorfolK & Wes . 13/
Atchison..; 13%| Preferred '. 7
Prefened 2iy 2 North Aruencan..". 414
Adniv.s J-.xpress...l4s -Northern i'ucilic 3i/.
Alton.Terrellautb. B9 i Preferred. 113-7
American Express.ll2 Xortnwestern." '.^.yt
American Tobacco. 7}*3 Preferred. .... 14a
Preferred 100 IN. Y. Central. Sjy,
Bay State Gas J» N. Y. Chicago<tS.£ 11
Haitlmore Ohio.. 37 Ist preferred .. 6U
BniaswicK i-ands.. % i'd preferred.... 21
Buffalo. Koch <t P. 19 N. Y.«SN U *17()
i > u:u-.a Pacific... s'2V'2 N.-.Y.& Kew Kng. 45
Cu/iada southern . 47 |N. Y. busq W. . ' 831
( intou ianJ 6O'/ 8 : Preferred ' 23il
it-iitrai Pacitic 14 Ontario " 7:1
Ches. it 0hi0....... 14S/ 8 Ontario&'U'eatero, X2JG
Chicago Alton l&S Oregon Improvmc. 3i.,
Freierrea 170 Preferred. —
Chicago, B.& a.... 75y 2 Oregon Kavigatloa 1 5
Chicago <t E. 111... 43 OrtKon Short Line. 514,
Preferred 95 Pacific Mail 25i.,
Ch:ca^o<ias ....... tJ4S/ s Peona, D.& Evans. 2u
Cl*ve Pittsburg.l6l l'ittsburK<fc W pfd. 20
onsolldatiouCoal. 27 l'ullman Pa1ace.. .155
Consolidated Gas.. 146 yuicksilver 2
C. C. C. &SL Louis. 35 %| Preferred.. "" 15
Preferreu S:< jßeaainc " 2%
Colo. Fuel & Iron.. 25V a UloGrande&Westn 17 '
I'referred 98 I Prelerrea ... 40
Cotton Oil Cert 1. ]Rock Island.. . tio'o
Commercial Cable". 1; 0 inomeWat <SOi{denlls ' "
Del. Hudson 122% BtJ* &B. \V ... 47/ 8
Del.LackitWeaternl.i9 | i'relerred... 10
Denver <sc ß. G 12 |6t.Paul . " 673,;
Preferred 4.'i 1 Preferred... .U.v.,,
UletlUers l.i-; bt. Paul Duluth. 25
General Klectric... 24"/ 8 Preferred... 85
trie 14y s bt. Paul<fcOmaha_ 3oy 2
Preferred usy. 1 Preferred 118
Fort Warne ln(> jet. P. M. A .v. .110
Great?>orthernpia.llO jsilvtrCoruncat.... 67
Grt-eniJay y 2 'southern Paciac... viO
ilariem.; 280 Souuiern Jl. X... . My,
Hockiug Coal 2 ' Preferred '26
Hocking Valley... 15 upar Keiiuerv a
Homestake 27 ' Preferred 9,.
11. <& Texas Cenu. 1% inn. Coal & iron. 26V4
lillnoi3 Central 91 , Preferred.. .. 100
lowaCentral 73.4 Texas Pacific 7»i
Preferred 26 T01.A.A.& X.MICh. •
Kansas it Texas.... 103.4 101. & Ohio Cen.... 30
Preferred 245,' Preferrea »55
bUntrstondfcPem... 3 'loi.bt.Luuisi'CK.a. H
Lake Erie Weatn 18 ' Preferred 10
Preferred t>t> Union Paciric 1
1-e.a.e Shore 139%:i'. P.. Den. <fe Gult 3
>auonai Lead '241... ; l .S. Cordage 4%
Preferred 85S 8 ! Prelerred 9V4
Longlslana 83 W Guaranteed l«Va
Louisville <t Nasn. 4Hi 4 I. a. Express 40 '
Louisville 75, 8 L*. b. Leather 95/ 8
Preferred IS Preferred 61 3 2
Manhntlan Consol. 1 s U. S. Kubber 261^
Mempcisi charia. 16 ' 1 Preferred . 85 "
Mexican Central... 9 Utlca «fc 11. Klver..ls(»
Slichigran Central.. 94 ; \Vab. s. L. tt Pac. t>-"'k
aiinn&S. L ! Preferred ir>s, 8
Preferrea — Wells-Fareo 95'
Minn. & St. Lcom. 17 Western Union.... BHV4
Ist preferred 75 '.Wis Central 314
2d preferred 41 | Wheeling <t l» E.. H"..
Missouri Pacific.... 213/ 3 ! Preferred. S6
Mobile* Ohio 21"iAiu Cotton OUpfd. t'4l/i
Nashvilie Chatt G5 WI" Beef 8
National Linseed.. 1 9 y 2 L I Traction 17V a
N.J. Central 97 Ann Arbor 10
ri'"-'No Bovm.
I ■£ i», rec . .' ...iO9 DIKT 2d5. . . . 67i;,
Do, 4s c0up0n. ..109 | Do,4s ' . 883?
V P 48newreg.....114i/,'Mutual Union 65... 115
Do, 4s coupon...ll4V»N J Cent Gen 65.. 114
Do. 2s 9ti " Northern Pac lsts.lls
f'o, 5s H2Si Do, 2ds 101 V.
I'o. 5s couoon 112.«' Do, 1 HCa 65 ~
Clitrokee4s. 1896. 100 ' Norcnwest Consols. 1 o'»
Do. 1897... 101) ■ Do.debßa.. . JO7
Do. 1895- 100 O P <fcX his ''102
1890 in Stl^tlronMtGenSs 79
Pacific 6«0f '95.... s: LA SFOcn 63. 100
D.C.3-6 5s 110 St Paul Consols 137
Ala Class A 4 ion it»t. P. c. & Palsts.l' 3
Do. Class B 4, Bs.lOS Do. Pac Cal lsts.. 107
LoConsol4!< 97 Southern K. R. ss. 91
il!ssourl funding..-— Texas Pacinc firsts 821 A
N Carolina con 65.. 120 I Texas Pac seconds. 19 C
c^<?. 4s 10) ll T monPaclstoir96.UHyi
so' Carolina 41/29-. West Shore 4b. 1O1V»
lennnewas 89 'Mobile * Ohio 4s. 68
\ a funding debt... 60 2 It GrandeWest lsts 73i/i
f °- r»>g ,Cbes O 106
Lo, deferred 65... 6 Atchison 4s V>
Do. trust rcpts st 6y 2 ! Do. 2ds a .. VIU,
Canada South '2d.<i.. ' |GH<tSA6s.. 104
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.100 ) Do, 2d 7s. ' lno
DeniKaist 110 11 & Tpx Cent's*!.
. IJ °. *S 841,4 Do.con6s 104
trie 2ds 66 Reading 4s 73
Kansas Pa Consols 7014! Missouri til 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divllo
FOREIGN 31ARKKTS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
I.rv'EBPOOL, 1.v,,., Jan. 4.— The spot market
|Is firm at 5s 4i/3df2;ss 6y 2 d. Cnrgoos are 6teady at
, "6s 1C I , id arrived. .:.■:- -I
FCTCBBB.
The Produce Exchange cable irives the following
Liverpool quotations tor Xo. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary, ssSV>d; February, ss4Vod; March, 5s sVid-
Aprll, sssU>d; May. 5s ttd. '
SECOBITIES.
LONDON, K.VB., Jan. 4.— Consols, 106 1-16; sil- ''
ver, 30y 2 d: French Kentes, .
EXCfiAMOII AND BUIXION.
j Sterlipe Kxchange, 60 day 5........ — $4 fis
I bterling Exchange, sight — 4^91/,
I Merlinc Cables 91 91%
I New York Exchange, sight — Par
I New York Exchange, telegraphic. . — Par
Fine Silver, jounce — 66^1 i
Mexican Dollars.... 63Vi 64
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearingßlMt week were $13,440,025,
a(?aiii«i $11,227,384 tor the same week in 1894. !
A gain of i(t.B ■
IHK AVKKK'S FAILURKS.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Aeenry reports 24
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories j
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 15 |
for the previous week and 16 for tho corresponding
weeK of 1895. The failures for the past wees are
divided among the trades as follows: 3 general
stores, 1 shingle-mill, 2 cigars, 2 restaurants, 1 tea
rompf-.iiy, 1 wines and liquors, 1 Japanese goods, 1
boots ami shoes, 1 saloon and restaurant, 1 bakery,
2 jewelers, 1 millinery, 1 pickle manufacturer. 1
drugs, 1 manufacturer boxes. 1 men's furnishing, 1
grocer, 1 dry goods, 1 blacksmith.
: CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
T.ocal Customs Collections in December were
$116,104, against $391,300 in December, 1894.
For the voar 1895 they were $5,488,898. against
$5,677,100 for 1«94. The total for i«US is the !
smallest in many years.
PRODUOE MARKET.
WUEAT AND OTIIEK GRAINS.
WHEAT-The J. C. Glade takes for Cork 49,916 !
ctlg, \alued at $.10,000: Lancaster Castle, for Liv- !
erpool, 43,057 ctla at $43,585.
The : iirket closed the week very firm at a frac
tional advance. No. 1, $1 02y a : choice, $1 03%@ :
i,m; : lower trades. 80@97y 3 c; extra choice for ;
milling, $io7i/ 2 @i 121/2
CAI.IiBOABDRAt.ks.
i™ F .f\ R "i'' Bnsiov— lo o'clock — -800 ,
tons, si 0714; 80(», $1 07s .
fRi n'7'a L . A £.,;Y < "' " 1N *" SE»siON--May-200 tons, !
H<iV-n ' rVu n PrlCeB Bhow no change, shipment of |
Feed 671/ / --,? VIn valae(l ai $7168 to Liverpool, j
i: ,'■ V&P 7 "<■■■ choirs. VIV4C; brewing, TlVt®]
li^c'tUoro^'l^dV. 10@1 ™ for - No - 1 and 76C \
CALI, BOARD SAI.KS. ■ \
7o'4"'lSt 70 ION - 10 "'clock-May-200 tons,
70 I^'c: UI AH M " KNiN S o.N-May-100tons,
flrm AT >fTiUn^ ta 7nr7\' lbow rjo variation, but are
to "noire M*'>as\ -^ foncy Feed - «otoß6c; K ood
to choice 67i/ 2 @Boc; common to fair, 57V..<a6Jc;
• ■ray, Gsto7sc; Red, for seed HV*Q«,V ■ u\Z^tr Vnr
co^lKTuairtT-r QUOte<l "'Bsc@sl LcU,.c-
FLOUR ANO MILLSTUFFS.
_ FLOUB-Net cash prices are: Family extras
23R& ssir- *«* I •»
-.MII.LSTIFFR-Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour
a»4fi Uye Flour, 3y c:Kice Flour. 7i/o<-- Corn!
meal, 254@ 30: extrH cream do SVicTi/atmeal
3s/ c: Oat (iroats. 4J^c: Hominy, 44iy,c- ij"^.'
wheat Flour, 4c : Cracked Wheat, a i&\ T Varna
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
4y 2 c: whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4y 2 c;
doTsVic'^m: 41 /4@4V3c; Split Peas, 434 c; Green
do, OV4C ti lb.
HAY AND fEKDSTUFFS.
BRAN— Is higher again at $12 50@14 fl ton, job
bing rates.
MIDDLINGS-$16@19 for lower grades up to
920 50 ton for the best.
FEKDSTUFFS— Kolled Barley, $15 50@16 50 f(
i?'. 1 , : '! iltake Meal at the mlll - 21 f ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, S2l. ry.r, ol
JIAY n e market does not respond to the dry
weatner and remains stationary. Wheat is auot
able at W©l2 60 'H ton: Oat, 7@l) 50 *$ ton;
\V heat and Oat, 8760@1160 ■& touf Barley, $7©
9 50; Alfalfa, .f6@7 ■; Clover. $7(a-9; Com
pr«»sed, ,i 7 5 0 11 ; Siock - $5 ® 6 50 9 ton. '
n.\\\-33y,b0c bale.
BEANS ANI> SEED 3.
BEANS— Nominal and dull, Bayos are quot
able at?l@lls ip ctl: .Small Whites, $125®
1 40; Pea, $1 50@l 60; Large Whites, $1 15@i 30 ;
Pink, SOc@sl 10: Rods, $1 35@1 50: Blackeye,
$175@185: Bed Kidney, $1 65@1 75; Llmas,
$2 40^.2 60; Butters, f i tiO@l 75 # ctl.
SEKDS — Brown Mustard $1 95@2 05 TH ctl:
"lncste, $2@2 20; Yellow Mustard. $1 40@l 60:
I' lax, $1 bo"# cil; Canary, 3i/ 4 <§3i /2 c %4 tt>: Al
f:ut;vHi/4(5.-i-?V2c $ Ib; lUpe ' l%@ac V lb; Hemp,
4c T 4 . It).
■ DUIED PEAS-Quotedatsl 25@1 50 f» cU for
Niles, $1 20@l 30 ior .Blackeye and $1 25@1 75
for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Choice Burbanks are doing better.
Volunteer New Potatoes. 2c; Sweets, $1 60@2 for
Elvers and $2 25 for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 70
@90c t? ctl; itiver Burbanks, 25@35c V sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 45@70c: River Reds, 60c f» ctl.
ONlONS— Steady at.7o(£Bsc; Cut Onions, 40@
buc %4 ctl.
VEGETABLES— Dried Pepper?, 7@loc f» ■ tt>;
Tomatoes, 25(§,f>0c box; i.os Angeles Tomatoes,
r.'r(6).fl; Green Peas. 7@Bc; String Beans. :
Dried okra, 12y 2 c; Cabbage, 50c V- Ctl; Garlic, 4
@4y 2 c %i tt>; Marrowfat Squash, §15@20 i* ton. ;
rOULTKY AND GA3IK.
POULiTRy— Was firm yesterday and no stock of
consequence was carried over. A car of Eastern is
due to-morrow.
Live Turkeys, ll@l2o f> Ib for Gobblers and 12c
IMb for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 14@15c; Geese,
$) pair, $1 50@2: Ducks, $1 50@6; Hens, $4 50@
5 50; Boosters, young. $4 50tea 50: do, old, $4(o>
4 50: Fryers, $4 50: Broilers," $4@4 60 for largo
nnls3 50 ior BtnaU; Pigeons, $1 60@2 %i dozen
for young and $I@l -j5 for old.
GAME— Hare areinoversupply and demoralized.
Ducks are doing rather better. Quail are quot
able at $irail 25 fl doa; Mallard, $3(g>3 50: Can
vasback, *3@7; Sprig, $1 76@2 50: Teal. $1 25:
Widgi on, $l{g,l 25; Small Duck, 85e@$l ; Hare. tiO
@75c: Habbiis, -fl 25 for Cottontails and Tsc@sl
for small: Gray Geese, ¥2 25@2 50: White Geese,
fl; Braut. $1 25; Honkers, ( <z3 50; English
Snipe, $1 75(0.2 26; Jack Snipe, $1.
BUTTEB, CHEESE ANI> EGGS.
BI'TTKI! - The market is stiff, choice goods
being extremely scarce and the tendency is up
ward. Creamery Tub is no longer quotable, being ;
practically cleaned up.
Cbkamkry— Fancy, 26c, with sales at 27c; sec- i
Oadß, '221-oiVi,'2*ic <j3 Ib. '
Daiky— Fancy, 23@24c; good to choice, 21@ |
221.4 c; lower grades, 18@20c. .
CHK BSE— Firm at the advance. Fancy mild
new, ll@lli< 2 c '■• I!.-, special marks higher still;
common tn good, B@loc | il>: (ream c;>i-ddar. 11 !
fti-.'.: f' lb; Youni! America, 11a,12c; Western, 11 '
<a 12.-; i -ii-i-rn. 12<&13c %i lb. *
■■ IUS Prices i.r>- stationary and the feeling is
one of steadiness. Oregon Eggs, 22c; yKas,
ei n, 24@25c: Kood to choice Kasteru, 22y fc'23c;
seconds, 21@22c; ore Eggs, 'J3(g>-'6(.-; ranch Eggs, •
26(5>32V 2 c t* doz, according to mzu and color.
iIECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRVITf.
ORCHARD Persimmons, 40@76c ',-'
box: Apples, 75c@$l for gool to etioice, 00®65c i
for common to fair and $1 25 ior fancy; Lady Ap
ples. 50(ft.75c In small ai;d $I@l 25 in large boxes. I
BKRRlES— Cranberries are gone.
i.KAPKS- Are no longer worth quotin?.
CITRUS FRDITB— The China Mieumer brought !
auout 1700 boxes Mandarins. Mexican Limes are I
higher. California Orang s, $1 25@2 for Seedlings '■
an i ipi 75@2 60 for Navels: Japanese Mandarins, :
90c@$] iO r box; Lemons, $l(g}l 50 for ioiduhhi
and $2(33 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, S>s@ i
5 50: lia'iauiis. *l'g'2 f, bunch; Pineapples, $2® !
5 j- 1 dozen.
UIIIEU i'RUITS, KAIS.NS, XUTS, ETC. i
DRIED FKUITS— Trade ought to pick: up In a
week or two. The following prices rule on the Fruit
Exchange:
Carload Lots— Applei. 2y 2 @3c 'ft lb for quar
tered, 3@3y 2 c %» lb for sliced and 4i,4@5c "& 0,
for evaporated; Peaches, 4@sc %* lb and si<2@ '
6c lb for fancy; peeled in boxes. 12@13c '&
it.: Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, ti.'ti l^ r 1 lb
for 40@50's and 5c %> lb for 50@60's; Apricots, 7 Va
@9c for prime to choice and lOgtllO t* lb for fancy
Moorpark: Figs, blacic, S@3y 2 c %i lb for pressed
and •jitf- for unpressed; White Figs, oV 2 (g)4e
V Ib for pressed In sacks and s@6c In boxes; Pi an,
7c f* Ib for evaporated halves, 4@6^C "Q Jb for
quarters; Plums, 4(jj4Vaf >. lb for pitted and 1 1 ■,«!.
2Vjc forunpitted; is ecturines, 6@tic f^ lb for prime j
to choice and 6V3C for fancy.
.loHHiso I'nii'Ks- Apples, i(a,4 |»(-; Peaches. 3@ |
4c and 5c for faucy; peeled, In boxes, 10@12V c;
iTunes, 4c for the four sizes. GfiCSVaC for 40@50'h
and 5c for 60@60's; Apricots, 6^-9i/2C for prime to
choice and 10@llc for fancy Aloorpark; Figs, I
black, 18,i@2y2<;; White Figs, 8&Sc; Pears, 6Vkc
Tor evaporated halves and 3@sy c for quarters; |
l'lunis, SV'aC tor pitted and l^lVae tor unpitted;
Nectarines, 4disc %< lb for prime to choice.
RA.IBINI3 AND DRIED URAPBB— Prices are :
as follows, carload lots f. o. b. Sau Francisco: j
London layers, 85@9Oc^box; four-crown, loose, i
3 3 /4C |> ]| ; three-crown, loose, 21/2 C; two-crown,
"2@2i,4c: -iepiiioss Sultanas, 33i@40: leeoless !
catels, 2y«@'-:*ic; clusters, $1 35@1 60; liehesa I
i-iusters, $'i 10®2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60
@2 75 : Dried Grapes, 2%c 'r 1 lb. . 5 •
Jobiiins Pricp^ — Four-crown loose, 3c: 3
crown, 21,4(5,2 %c; 2-crown, (a.'2c; .^endless Sul
tanns,3 3 /i(jaf4c: Seedless Muscatels, 2y 3 c ; 3-crown
I-oinion layers, 85c@$l; clU9ter», *1 -10(a.l 50; |
Dehesa clusters, 92 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75: '
Dried Grapes, 2^C.
NTJTB— Chestnuts, B@loc 9 Ib; Walnuts. 7<SBc
■^ tb for No. 1 bard and 5i(5,9y 2 for Roftshell, job
btnjrlots; Almonds, 6@7iJ>c '.or 1 aniruedoc and ;
Hh'a&Wc for paptr-sbell, jobbing: I'tanuts; 3y2@
4c {* lb for California; Hickory nut«, s@oc; j
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for poiishfd; Filberts, !
B<39c; Brazil Nuts, 7y 2 @Bc %i Ib; Cocoanuts.
$4 50JSD {I 100.
HONK"*— Comb Is quotable at 10@12c lb for
bright and Bia:ic W Jb for lower grades; wati»r- |
white extracted, 5(g5y 2 o "f lb; light amber ex
tracted. 4i,4@43 / ic; dark amber, 4c: dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 25<gji.'6c %>, Ib.
PROVISIONS. .
CURED MEATS— Hams, Bacon and Lard are
selling lower. Bacon is quotable at 6c for heavy,
7c f* tl» for light medium, 9c lb for light, 10c for
extra light atid 12c lb for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured llama, liy 2 n %4 lb; California Hams,'
10c; Mess Beef, $7 fl bbl; extra ruesn do, $8: fam
ily do, $9@9 50: extra prime Pork, $8 %i bbl; ex-
clear, if 14 W bbl; mess, $13 %* bbl; Smoked
Beef, 9V>@loc r' lb.
LAKD— Baatern, tierces, Is quotable at 6c $
11. Cor compound and 7V2C for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tiercts, 5';..'- for compound ami Be for pare;
bttlf-bbls, 6i/%c; io-a> tins, 7c; do 51h, 7g.7i.4c $ ib.
COTTOLENE— 7c In lierces and 7 ys c fl tb In 10-
Tb tins.
HIDES, TAUOW, WOOI. AND HOPS.
j ITIDKB AND KKIXK-Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands, 6c; medium, 6c; culls and brands,
r>c; light, 5c t* Ib; culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides,
s(<s!iJ.-z<s "¥ It>; culls and brands, 4@4'/2C; salted
Kip, 6c gj lb; salted (ulf, Be"^ 1b; salted Veal.
tic: dry Hides, 10(g>llc f* 11)-, culls and brands, 7@
: 7V4c; dry Kip and Veal, 9c: inlls, 6y a c; dry Call,
15c: culls, 10c; UoatsKlns, 20@35c each: Kids, scj
I'eerskins, good summer, 25Ax)H0c; medium. 16@
1 26c; winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, sbearlings, 10®
! i!Ocetti:h; short wool, 30@40c each; medltun, 40
j @50ceach; long wool, 60®70c each. Culls of all
i kinds, about i *jc less.
TALLOW— Ho. 1, rendered, 3%©4 c; No. 2, 3@
: SViC refined, 534 c; Grease, Si^£o t*. tl>.
WOOL— The circular of Jacob Wollner says:
' "The sales of Wool during tlie holiday week were
j very large and over 2,000,000 lbs of Wool were
i so!d, mostly defective. Prices reullzed for defec
tive stock were from ay-tC lo 6c; rree Wool irom
6c to 8c; about 200, 0C0 its of Oregon from »yoc to
120 : In fact, we never bad such a market durfiig a
holiday week or tbc last wcelc iv the year. A fair
I amount of scoured Wool was also disposed of on
: Eastern orders, but still the Eastern markets are
; reported quiet with no advaace. The buying here
i was inosly speculative with the exception of one
! local mill, which took abont 1500 Dales of defective
Wool. Holders were ready sellers. According to
i reports prices p«id here would not have becd real
ized in the Eastern markets."
We quote Fall as follows: Humboldt and
: Mendocino, 7@9c: San Joaquin and southern, 3®
j 6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@6c 1& lb.
HOPS— Nominal, at 4<&6c $ lb. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET,
„_ ____
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaughter
! ers are as follows: ■
BEEF-^Flrst quality, 5@5V 2 c; choice, 6c: gec
ond quality, 4y c; third do. b'@4c 1R lb.
VKAL— Large, 4@sc; small; 6@7c "$ lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6(g»5i 2 c; JCwes, 5c T« Ib.
LAMB- Spring Lamb, 12y 2 c; Yearlings, 6@6y c
: t< lb.
FOB X— Live Hogs, 3i/4c lb for large and 3»/ c
, for small: dressed do, 4^,@sy c ti lb.
GENERAL MKUCIIAIfDISE.
BAGB— Calcutta Oraln Bags, June-July delivery,
$4 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington Is (tuotable at $8 1* ton;
New Wellington, $8 '$ ton; Southneld Wellington,
$7 50; Seattle, $5(55 60; Bryun, $5 50; Coos Bay,
$5; Wallsend, $6 50: Scotch, *7 50; Brymbo,
$7 50: Cumberland, $14 in bulk and $15 in sacks:
I'ennsylvania Anthracite Egt(, $12; Welsh An
thracite Kgg, $10; Cannel. $7 50@8; Kock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, #7 60; Coke, $13
In bulk and $16 V ton in sacks.
CANNED SALMON — The Alaska Packers*
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: in lots
Of 25,000 cases. 95c; 50,000 casos, 92y a c; 75,000
cases, 90c f> dozen, net cash f. o. b. ex-shit>.
SUGAIt— Th9 Western Sugar ttelinery Company
has advanced its prices and now quotes terms, net
cash: Cube, Crushea, Powdered and Fine Crushed
all sE^c; Dry Granulated, sc; Confectioners' a!
4%c; Magnolia A, 4i/ 8 c; Extra U, 4c; Golden O,
— c; half-barrels, i/ie more than barrels, and boxes
y e mom
SYUUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
%* gat.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOB 24 HOUBS.
Flour.qr. sks 7,835 Pelts, bdls 159
Wheat, ctls l,6soi\Vine, gals 47 800
Barley, ctls I,loo; Uutter, ctls. . 180
Corn, ctls 310 Cheese, ctls. 28
Potatoes. sits. 6,629 Kirgs. doz. ... 13,410
Oregon 50 Lumber. M feet... 10
Onions, sks 15 Quicksilver, fla3kj 44
*'•'»". ma 1.9-. 1 5 Leather, rolls t>B
Middlings, 5k5..... l,HM.ij Hops, bis 51
Beans, sks. 20^ Woo!, bis. 93
Hay. tons. 429 Tallow, ctls ".." 32
Hides.no 363 Raisins, bxs 1,600
HOTEL AEEIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
IT r. Taylor, Oakland I W Kline, Philadelphia
IS Ben-z <t \v,Su Bnrbara I. F J Wrinkle, Keeler
.T i- Millner, Benton 11 B Maxom, U S Survey
■i C Smith ,i: w, Los A nsp C W Ccok <fe w. N V
P McLaushlin. Oroville Heath, Chicago
J C Nelson. England AY J Bernard & w, Seattle
Mrs M Sheriand, Jnd E A Chapton w, Detroit
F L Berry, Stanford O D Wagner, Stanford
GRAND HOTEL.
J E Dyer, Coif ax F Poivers. Vallejo
A T Herman, San Jose Leila Sanford; Alartlnez
Mrs P Brown, San Jose Maud Denhara, Martinez
T Benny, Nev City J F Olsen, Nev City
P L Hole, Neb T G Kilers, Sacto
M X Rosen, Pa Mrs T G Ehenberg, Napa
M Adams. S-anford A L Emery, Stanford
B M Bheldon <fcf, Cal II D Kerch wal, Cal
.1 Wadsworth, S Rosa SI) Mayer, Cal
L Cox, Cal J Tait, Stanford
P M Hood, Lcs Ang J \V Oatman, N v
Mrs J Kelly, Sacto X Barnes & w, Fresno
G H Lester, Los Ang R X Skellinger, Los Ang
I C Pritchard, Ky E M Darran. Palo Alto
Jane Shepard, Palo Alto Mrs Hayer, Mass
Miss Hayer, Mass J W Davis. Tulare
A P Hamilton, 8 Jose J O'Neill, Eureka
W P Ust.'iliout, Cal A J Pillsbury, Tulare
Miss M Rocha, Oakland Miss M Swanton, Cal
W B Austin, Stockton Cnpt .1 E Lombard, Or
Mrs Hutchlnson, Cal R B Harris, Mass
C MMayer, Mass Miss E M Allen. Cal
Miss Carson, S Monica J E Martin, Los Ang
Miss J E Gillon, Vallejo X \V Davis, rtnina ltosa
J il Gray, Ariz Miss Eckhardt, Gilroy
Miss Leunou, Oakland C H Keyea &w, Cal
C A Ludlow, Sacto C E Ludlow, Sacto
Mrs M Sinard, Vlsalia Miss X Kilbuth, Cal
S W Flint, Sacto G H France, lowa
EUSB HOUSE.
M Llndley. Woodviile J P Sarcent.sargents stn
M loke. Sacramento D.l Bradford, Healds
G Lo -kp. Santa Kosa 0 King, Healdsburg
WH ttagert,Btrong Ford A O'Connor, Portland
G F Jackson, BC F O'(. onnor, Portland
Miss A Arnett. K(>no C R Scott, Portland
T B Hopper, Napa S G Coleman, Portland
P ushidin, Stockton J B^anford, Ukiah
1) Meyer. Stockton C Dougherty. N V
E Harris, Stockton F Steele, Banta Kosa
li F Jones, San Jose F Hartmnn, Mexico
L I) Rice, Sun Jose C Murch, Mexico
C Clark, Seattle A W Salmon, Mexico
Dewit Ciark, Seattte Miss Vera, N V
L F Grillith <fe w, Colo A H P.ro-vnley.tf. Canada
X B Willis, Sacto E a Bonce, Alma
J M heed, Lakeview F L Smith, San Jose
Mrs J Cannery, San Jose J D Cannery, San Jose .
j?'red Dlxon, Marble Vlly Georg" Linco, Bulsun
li W Clarke, Vancouver J Brannan.WalnutCrk
J J Kumuni, Brownport C II Baywards, Uaywrds
M H Etagan, Stcry i'ord L F Eppich w, Denver
George Noel, Virginia Cy C II Keyser, Carson
J A Hosbon, Stanford E W Emerson, Stanford
\V li Musiadin, Bdlano C GHsi y, New Orleans
Ed C Purser, st Louis A 8 Thompson, sunol
\V Dunn, Sucto .1 C Cumminirs. Sacto
C WAdamson, Petaluma Percy c W.Dber, Boston
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs J Gro, New York . Miss Gro, New York
51 iss 1. Lane, Modesto Miss Moore, Oakland
W X Shoemaker. U S x c a Hatch, Vallejo
II X Geaney, Minn J J Gum, Indepenileuce
J S Gorman, Indpnco ■ \v H Hodce, Chicago
B B Bhelden <fe w, E R.yan, 1 ti A
Bircssed II W ifelss, N V
s \v Clark, i'ortland 1 Myrick, San Jose
J T iiall, N V Q A Jlorris, Chicago
' J C Dyer, Chicago Miss C Monrowe. St Paul
c Berg, si Louis ii c Whent, Chicago
.[ 1■: Moore, Portland J B Burns, Seattle
Miss C Burns, Seattle Miss Chlun, Chicago
Chas J McMullen, N T
LICK HOUSE. ,
F s Rogers, Portland W Butteriield &w,Menlo
W T Sullivan, Alameda Park
S C Foltz, Cal W B Brooks, Oakland
H Spring, San Jose W J Hausen, Cal
F York. San Jose M .1 Farrington, San Jose
J W Hartzell, Stockton J J Freeman. Staßarbara
H Franklin, W V F W Smith, Portland
B C H McNeil & c.S Jose J E Kirk, 11l
T J Kirk, Fresno A Levy, Hueneme
W W Beaman, sacto F J Mclntosh. Sacto
J J DenniaOßt San Jose WI! McMinn, S»n Jose
.1 F Tayior, St Louis t' Hegan, Chicago
\V Hamilton, Sausulito
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Miss M Cummings, Ls A J Campbell, Berkeley
Jl Weideman, Berkeley W C I'ollar. Ukiah
.1 BelocK, San Jose Mallory . San Jose '"
J ii M inn, Sau Jose J M Blake, chlcuKO
N Ciirlstanaeo, Grnt Am F Hinds, Bakergfield
G Johnson, Bakerstield H Johnson, Bakersfield
Miss Trixeda, Boston M Donovan, Columbus
A ChaDpell, New Orleans W Damon, Ind
T Matthews, U S N X Slbenson, Los Angeles
A Folding Lifeboat.
A lifeboat that can be folded into each
stateroom of a tteaniship and readily ex
tended for use has been patented. "The
inventor ciairus to have realized a lifeboat,
tlift frame of which is composed of practi
cally rigid material, a stein and stempost
of the same, lirmly secured to the keel, a
supplementary stem and sternpost, tirmiy
secured to the keel, the whole making a
framework for a boat, which is made of
one or more layers of sailcloth and an out
side coating oi rubber. The occupant of
the boat buttons a water-tight cover about
him, leaving only the head projecting.
The boat is unsinkable, and if overturned
instantly rights itself.
THE CALX CALENDAR.
January, 1896.
! M. Tn.i
6 7
13 14
20 21 |
i 27 28 :
8
16 j
xr. Ma. '
3 4|
I
10 ii !
17 18 j
24 j '25 I
31 j
' /■/="■- Lost Quarter.
January 7.
; ff~Z\ New Moon.
( >»'Jaiuiary J4
, Moon's Pbaaea.
16
Quartei
January 22.
I 22
S3
: 20
I 30
[ ,-;.,^ Full Moon.
-*/ January 30.
t> C JBAiM .-. IJK A lilts.
Il.ltc-, of
:ure 1 rom San i'rancUnu.
STF.AMKR. | I»KSTI>JATIOX |
SUM.
! FIER.
CityPuebla.. |
Arcata...... j
Bants Kosa.. ;
Homer !
P0m0na..,., !
ffirauon.... j
Point l.uiun.
Jjel In one ..
81 J'aui
Colon '
ABlanclianj
Afridl
Alameda |
Columbia... I
Corona i
Walla Walla
Ar&iro j
Kureka ....'.
Btat* or I'dl I
I Vie & I'm Sna Jan 6. 9am Pier 9
Coos Bay . Jan 5,10 am Pier 13
I San Diego Jan 6.11 am Pier 11
Coos flay. Lan 6. 6pm Oceanic
; Huinboldtßay'jan B. Vrx Pier&
! \ minim Bay.. ', Jan 6. spm : Pier*
Grays Harbor. | .Inn 7.1 m Pier 2
Grays llarDor. Jan 8.12 m Fifth St
Newport Jan 8. 9am Pier 11
Panama Jan 8,12 M PUSS
: Portland lan 9.12 m l'ier 13
China <fc Japan Jan 9, 3pm P MSB
Sydney... Lan 9, 2pm Oceanic
l Portland Jan 9.10 am i Pier 24-
San Diego Jan 10.11 am I Pier 11 .
! Vie * Pgt Snd Jan 10. 9am I Pier 9
Coos Bay lan 11,10 a mi Pier 18
! Newport Jan 12, 9am I Pier 11
1 Portland Jan 14.10 am ■ Pjrr 24
HTKAMJEKS TO AKRIVJS.
lrucnee
Point i-i0ma.....
Del None
JFaralion .:
Pomona..
Columbia.
Alice Blancnard
BtPaui.....
Walla Wa11a....
Mexico
Citvof Sydney.
Crescent City...
Kureka.
Peru .....;;
Al-HL'O
Umatllla
State of Cal
Santa Knaa......
City of Panama
Australia.
Willamette Vhl.
xuianiuuK .
Urays Harbor
Grays Harbor
I Yaoulna Hay.
Humboidt .Bay
Portland
Portland
Newport.
Victoria X. Puget Sound
| San Dieso
' Panama
Crescent City..
i Newport
China and Japan
Coos JJ»y.......
Victoria & Puget Sound
Portland
San iJieso.....
! Panama
. . j an n
..Jan 5
..Jan &
..Jan 5
..Jun f>
..Jan B
..Jan 6
..Jan 6
...Tan 6
..Jan 8
..Jan 8
..Jan 9
...lan 30
..Jan 10
..Jan lo
..Jan 11
..Jan 11
..Jan 12
..Jan li!
..Jan IS
i ilonoiulu
SUN AND TIDE TABLE.
3W WA1
F
'.Small
5.1
9.24P 9.1
O.lOplO.2
'.261 6.0511.
'26 5.06 0.
HYDROGRAPHIO BULLETIN.
Branch Hyi>booralphic Office., XJ. S. N. "k
Mkbchants' Exchange, J-
Pan Francisco. January 4. 189«. )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon. of the 320 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 v. m., < Jreenwlch time.
A. V. Fkchtkleb,
Lieutenant 0. B. X., In charge.
SsUlfk'lSii INTJiLLHiii^OK.
. '. 'Arrived.
SATURDAY. January 4.
Brstmr Afrldl, Goldtng, from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 16 days 12 hours and 29 m!u; mdse. to
O &OS S Co. ■ . -
■ Stmr Siiniii Kosa, Alexander, 60 hrs from Ban
Diego, etc; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins &
Co. :
Stmr Homer, Drisko, 41 hoars from Coos Bay;
pass and mdse, to J D Spreckels <fe Broa Co. . :
Simr .National City, Andresen, 22 hours from
Eureka: lumber, to C A Hooper & Co.
Htmr North Fork, Hansen, . '2s hours from Eu
reka ; ' pass and mdse. to Charles Nelson. ■: ■
Stmr Sunol, Walvlp, 43 hours from Coos Bay
lumber, to L E While Lumber CO.
StmrSan Benlto, ymith, 85 hours from Tacoma
-4800 tons coal, to 8 P Co. Oakland direct. ■ > ■
Stmr Jeanie, Ma.son. 17 days from San Jose
de Guatemala: ballast, to J N Knowles.'.
Br ship Oodiva, Trunks, 158 days from Cardiff;
4143 tons coal, to Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Schr Bessie K. Anderson, 16 hours from Albion:
lumber, to J S Klmball.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 17 hours from Bowens
LaniliiiK; 140 M ft lumber, F Hey wood. .
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, 36 hours from
Collins Landing: 85 eds wood, to Bender Bros.
*Jlear«a.
SATURDAY. January 4.
stmr Willamette, Cushman, Nanaitno; Oregon
Imp Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, Comox: Pacific Imp
Co.
Stmr Empire. Anderson, Portland; R W Ander
son.
Stmr I'iry of Puebla. Dobnpy, Victoria and Port
Townsend: Goodall, Perkins A Ca
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, S.an Diego; Good
all, Perkins & <<>.
ship St Nicholas, Mclntosh, New York; John
Rosenfeld's .sons.
Haw ship John £na, Madsen, Sydney; Williams,
Brown >t Co.
ship W 1' Bahcock, Grahan;, Honolulu; .1 D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
FRIDAY, January 3.
Schr Ulleboune, Hansen, Kureka. ' « -f. "
Bcnr Fannie Adele, Murchison, Willapa Harbor.
SATURDAY. January 4.
Stmr State of California, Acklcy, Astoria.
stmr Kmplre, Anderson, Portland.
Stmr Kureka, Jepsen, San Pedro:
BtmrArago, Reed, foosßay.
sinir Albion, Luiuiquist.
Stmr Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City.
Htmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Stmrroint Arena, Jonuson, Mendoclno.
Ship w i-" HaljcofK, Graham, Honoiulu.
RhipSt Nicholas, MeJntosh. New York.
Br ship- Lancaster Castle, Clemence, Liverpool.
Bark .Forest Queen, Bice, Taeoma.
Bktn S G Wilder, McNeil], Honolulu.
Bktn C C Fuiik. Challeston.
Schr Sacramento, Goodmansen.
SchrChas Hanson, Nlelson. Grays Harbor.
Schr Fortuna, Rosich. Kureka.
Te.o;;r«;».ii:-.
POINT LOBOS— 4—lo p m— Weather
clear: wind NE: veloclty'3o miles.
•Jhar.'er*.
The scbr Laura Madsen loads lumber at this port
for Acajutla; Git bark Anri-oue. lumber at Port
Blakeley for Valparaiso Jor "orders. 40s— prior to
arrival; Br ship Clan Buchanan, lumber at Van
couver for I >e!at;oa Bay, 65s— prior to arrival ; TBr
ship Pass of Balmaha, wheat ai Taeoma for Eu
rope, 33s 9d, option of Portland. 34s 6d— prior to
arrival. , -
""-",- .'. : SpoKen.
Per Br ship Godiva— Dec 20— Lat 29 X, long 129
W, ship M P Grace, from New York, for San Fran
cisco. '.:'.-
Jan 4— Scnr Arthur I. hence Dec '29, for Grays
Harbor.
Miscellaneous.
LONDON-Jan 4 — Brship Blackbraes. from
Liverpool, for San Francisco, damaged by collision
at Birkenhead.
Domestic Ports.
PORT HA RFORD— Sailed Jan 4— Schr Peerless,
for San Fraoclsco.
liKi.K.v U I) -Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Green-
WOOd, hence .lan 3. '■-■.-. •
POUT ANGKLKS— In port Jan 4— Ship Yosem-
Ite, from Departure Bay, for San Francisco: bark
C'oliniiiiie, from Port Blakelev, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan B— Schr Marion
bence Dec 81; schr John J? Miller, hence Dec *J6;
schi- La Glronde, from Redondo; schr JN'orine, from
ban Pedro.
Sailed Jan 4— Schr Mary and Ida, for San Fran
cisco. .: -.tL --■'••■ i -
NEWPORT— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Rival.
EUBEKA— sailed Jan 4—^chr John A, for San
. Francisco.
FORT BHAGG— Jan 4-Stmr Noyo. for
San Francisco.
ALBluX— sailed Jan 4— Scbr Archie and Fontie,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Albion, hence Dec 4.
iSaatern i'ortj.
NEW YORji-Clearod Jan 4-Bhlp Sterling, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
llCliL— Arrived Jan 2— Br Peleus, hence
July 18.
TYNE— Arrived Jan 2— Br ship Drjmcliff, hence
Ausr 12.
JAVA— Sailed Jan 2— Br bark Cambusdoon, for
Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 2— Br ship Dud
bope. for Hull; Br ship Sierra Estrella for Hull.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Jan 4— Bark Wilua, for San i
Francisco.
PANAMA— SaiIed Dec 31-StmrCity of Everett,
for fjan Francisco.
31ovements of Tratm- Atlnntlo Ststmer*.
NEW A ORK— Arrived Jan i— Stmr Sicilia, from
Hamburg and Havre.
Sailed Jan 4— stmr La Normaridie, for Havre;
stmr Lucania, for Liverpool: stmr Obdam, for
Botterdani; stmr Mohawk, for London; simr ri H
Mler, for Bremen; stmr Fulda. for- <;enoa: Btmr
Thinevalla, for Stettin and Copenhagen.
LONDON— Arrived out Jan 4— Srinr Manitoba.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived out Jan 4-simr Veen
dam.
GENO A-Sailed Jan 4— Siiur Kaiser Wilhelm 11,
for New York.
importations.
HONGKONG — Per Afrldi — 2720 Quicksilver
flasks. 225 pkgs eunnies. 1440 pKgB nmttir.ir, 10!)
■ pfcgs silk goods, 87 pkgs parcels, 1490 pkgs jute.
I 4095 pkgs dates anl oranges, 7138 ptccrs suscur, 549
jikk-i spices, 3tit> i>Kgs curios. 700 pkss oil, 2520
pkgs tea, 21,544 pkgs rice, 7924 pkgs mdse.
For Overland— lß pkgs matting. -J2 pkgs silk
Roods, 29 pkgs parcels, 20 pkgs straw plaits, 229
I pkgß curios, 887 pkgs raw- silk, 18,780 pkgs tea,
4tiii pbgs rice, .2010 mdse.
For British Colnmbia— 22 pkgs curios.
For Central and South America— 6 pkgsmattine,
B4 pfcga silk goods. 7 pkgs curios, 44 pkgs tea, 733
pkgs rice, 409 pkgs mdse.
Lus .ANGELES VIA REDONDO— Per Santa
Rosa— l 6 cs eggs. , ..,!-.;»
San Du-go— 4 pkgs mdse. 96 bxs lemons, 4 bxs
limes, 7 bxa tyne, 1 bale flannels, 1 reel lead pipe.
9 bxs granite, 2 bxs baskets, 190 bxs oranges. 30
cs eggs. 69 bdls hides, 15 household goods.
Redondo— lo cs honey, 975 bxs oranges, 38 sweet
potatoes, 1 cs gloves.
Port I.os Angeles— 2so skscorn, 10 cs eggs, 15
b.xs vegetables, 2 pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via l'ort Los Ajieeles— l cs cigars. 6
cs dry goods, 1 cs canes, 8 pkgs mdse. 1 printing
press, 1 bx hardware, 80 bxs oranges, 104 cs eggs,
11(5 bxs starch, 1 bx insect powder, 6cs Florida
water. 2 cs brass goosls. 320 sks plaster.
Santa Barbara— 7 bxs lemons. 10 cs eggs, 15 bdls
I pelts, 19 sks crawfish.
Port Hurford— cs eggs, 31 bxs butler. 1 pkg
hardware, 1 pair shears. 12 pkgs mdse, 1 cs shoes,
12 pkgs mdse, 6 coops chickens, 1 coop poultry, 4
Bits quail, 1 CS candlo stock, 13 dressed calves, l(i
j bxs fish, 1 bale twine.
! COOS BAY — lVr Homer— 42o tons coal. 22 eds
wood, 14 bxs apples, 15 bxs butter, fl tubs hutter.
| 18 bdis hides, 1 sknnts, 3 bales blankets, 9 pkgs
] mdse, 1 bb tobacco, '25 sks potatoes.
ARC ATA— Per North Fork— l 4 pkgs fish, ]1 sks
Zluestock, 57 doors, 3 cs wooden ware, 1 cs saws, 6
oil tanks, 18 pkgs grbceries. 975 M shingles, 102
I M ft lumber, 372 H shakes, 77 laurel logs.
Consignees.
Per Homer— J D Spreckels <fc Bros Co; \V O Staf
ford A Co; De Bernardl A Co; C E Whituey A Co;
Hillsßros: H timer. Bredhoff A Schulz; S Strauss:
Bnndon Woolen-mills: Uulme&Hart: H Hogau-
Standard Oil Co; Wieland Brewing Co; Thomas
X Holmes; I, G Sresovioh «fc Co: Schweitzer & Co;
Thomas Loughran.
Pt-r Afrldi— Alex Brown* Sons; AnKlo-Califor
nia Bank; Bank of California: Brown Bros & Co •
Bariug Bros <& Co: C Toohey; Bank of Commerce
ti D Stone A Co : Calhoun, Bobbins & Co; Chinese
Minister: Daniel Meyer: Elmenhorst Co; Easton
<fc Schwartz; E T Phelan: Frazar A Co; 1' Toplitz
<; W Sheldon <t Co; O A Wiiii» m & Co; Oeorge 1!
Morewood: H Sugio: Hillyor Co: H IJunlop; II
W Schwartz; lle'delbach <fc Ickelheimor; Jlcwiett
& Lee: Haas Bros; I Sotomi & Co; J Ulanchard: .1
AAullACo; Jardln, Mathison A Co; American
Trading Co; A Schilling & Co; J C Blegtried ,v Co;
J W Doane <t Co: J P Morgan A Co: J J Buckley
.l II Cain «fe Co; Kurtz, Stubock & Co: Kelly, Suih- !
oi!<&Co; Lievre, FrlckeA Co; London, I'nris and !
Americupßank; London and San Francisco Han«:
i.:i/:ip| Freres: M Brandenstein <&Co: Macondray '
<fe Co; Morlinura Bros; M J Tiiska: M Campbles:
N FSwayne: JN'ash <fe Boessnecker; Parrott <fc Co: !
Pablo, Quant <fc Co: R S Bain; P.um <t Cattus- It:
Brauss&Co: X Takashlma: R Aral : S Foster <fe
Co; SchUsinger&Maver: Spencer. Clark >fc Co- T
Halvey smith. Baker t fc Co: Takatiama; Scott
stam and Coin Co; Tollner.Cloeg it Co: Yokohama
Specie Bank; T Ikuta; The Ashi; W T Costigan &
Co; Wells, Fargo <fc Co; M Wbittington; W Lewis-
W H Harris: Winter, Smillie <t Co;Wetmore Bros;
"W <fe J Sloane «fc Co: J Sampson; Chinese mer
chants. . . . •
Per Santa Rosa— O B Bmtth & Co; ,T W Byers- J
Rea; American Type Foundry: San Francisco
Automatic ßegisier Co; Neustaclier Bros; A Fleish
hacker Co: Selby Smeltin-r and Lead Co; L Spel
gel&Co; Hilmer, Bredhoft<S Schulz: II O Green- I
hood: A A Snudrock: Wood.CurtiH <fe Co; Miller- i
San Francisco Brewery: A Gallt Fruit Co; Chaix
A Bernard :W B Sumner ,t Co; J Ivancovlch & Co- '■
B Levy & Co; 1> Scatena & Co; Jonas Krlanger A
Co; C Pennell & Co; McDonoiigh ARunvon; J B
Young: I) E Allison & Co; Gray & Barbieri- A J B
ImmelAC'O: F B Halghu Xewmark A Edwards;
Garcia &Magglni; Berget A Demenaconi: Mat
thews Bros; H Hey neman: Goldstein Cohn: C
Powell; Phtlps A Miller; Hadwell, Swain Mfg Co:
J CBarron; H II Hosan; H T lackson: O S Potter
<fc Co; Dairymen's Union; Cal & Nev Crenmerv Co-
Haas, Baruch A Co; Dempster Bros: A Levl & Co-
Norton, Teller A Co: Bisslnger* Co: A Paladlnl; X
Ii Snell; American Union Fish Co; Malinl & Co; J i
M Moore; Wheaton, Breon & Co; Reilly, Wolters '
A Co; C E Whitney A Co: Dodge. Sweeney A Co-
Brigham, Uoppe A Co: Baker A l£amilton: Deere !
Imp Co: Wieland Browing Co: Witsel & Baker- B I
Eagan; Martin, i'eusler & Co; n Kirchmann & Co: I
Jonas Erlanger <fc Co; Tilden it Co: H Wal- 1
deck; C H Schlggla: Smith's Cash B tore; W R Lar- :
zelere&Co; Kownlsky <t Co; Hillsßros; Central
Hardware Co: \V F Mitchell; Western Meat Co; I) i
M Beltman A Co; Campodonico A Malcolm: JH
Nolan: LDS'oneACo: JHoffinan: Labor F.x
change; Q Camilllonl A Co; Getz Bros A Co.
- Per .North Fork— A Paladtni : c; Camillonl A Co-
American Union Fish Co; Tillmanu &Bendel- P
Gußmani:.PaciUc Const fish. Co i Mad era Flume
XS'm 51 80 oast UI 1)f 'r <o: Cha« .Nelson; Arctic
Oil works: Wellman, Peck A Co; Cal Glue Works;
Standard Oil Co; G Wickson; Williams, Orton A
For *tiinpinn Jntelttg'nce Srr TW'lfrh POO*.
POFFIPP FURNITURE
urniiL ruitnilUuD
AND FIXTURES.
C. F. WEBER & CO.,
300 to 306 Post St.. cor. Stockton
Iffflfiiiii'iiiir^^ OFFICE and . JO
iP*j^-il. Tirg^ TYPEWRITER, 3EJ
a^gH&J W. C. It A. TO, fSa
"* **U<jj[L£j| 157 New Montjromery I-9CL
TwolnOne, Street.S.F. JS !
NEW TO-DAY.
FAl L Q
DOCTOR SWEANY,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
(Opposite Examiner Office).
THIS LEARNED SPECIALIST, AND FAVORABLY
known throughout the West by his long residence and suc-
cessful practice in this city, desires to thank the people of the
Pacific Coast for their confidence and patronage in the past, and
to assure the afflicted everywhere of receiving from him skillful
and scientific treatment now and in the future. With a thorough
literary and professional education, and with extensive experience
in the practice of Nervous Chronic and Private Diseases of both
sexes, he cures every curable case in the catalogue of human ills,
lie addresses himself in particular to cases that have baffled the
skill and science of other doctors. His patients are among our
\iiost intelligent citizens of every trade and profession, including
merchants, manufacturers, mechanics, miners, farmers, laborers,
literary and professional gentlemen, many of whom have ex-
hausted the skill of their family physicians without obtaining
relief. His name is a sufficient guarantee of a perfect cure of
every case he undertakes. Consult him, either in person or by
letter, this day. It may save you much mental and physical
suffering, and add golden years to your life.
S^RVOiIQ RFRII !TV of cve T kind > name ' DRIUATP diseases-Gleet. Gonorrhea, Strict-
-lIBtIUU ULLHL.iI 1 and nature a spe- S mifHIC ures, Syphilis, Hydrocele, Vanco.
tialty. This distinguished doctor's success in Ccle > Tenderness, Swellings, Weakness of Or-
cuses of this character Has been really phe- Kans, Piles and Fistula. Rupture quickly cured
nomenal. without pain or detention from business.
YOHMft WIPN 1f ? ou are troubled with KfONFY ANfl llRi^flßYtomplaints. rainfr.l.
I UUiiU 111 tN night emissions, exhausting ™UnL I HHU Unliiftn I difficult, too fre^
drains, pimples, bashfulncgs, aversion to soci- quent, milky or bloody urine, unnatural dis-
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy, charges speedily cured.
ambition and teli-coasciousneu, which Ui- PfiTfIRRU which poisons the Breath, Stom-
prives you of your manhood and absolutely un- |UH|HilFin ach and Limps and paves tha
fits you fnr study, business or marriage— if you : way for Consumption, Throat, Liver, Heart,
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well ! Kidney, Bladder and all constitutional and in-
andbeaman. ! ternal troubles; also Rupture, Piles, Fistula
Minn! r »nrn Ilin PI n urn n. i T reatecl far in advance of any other institutioa
f» OULI-AKHI ANI! 11l II MFN there are in the country.
miUULL nULU nsiU ULU lULW thousands , ni nnn «iin CL/IM Diseases Snot*
of you troubled with weak, aching backs and BLOUU AND SKIN P.m pi Scroll":
kidneys; frequent, pamtul urination and sedi- ' Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Khuinati-m J- mo-
ment in urine; impntency or weakness of ; tious. etc., promptly- cured, leavinp the 'system
sexual organs, and other unmistakable signs in a pure, strong aiid healthful bate.
of nervous debility and premature decay. ! rnrr TnriTiirilT for th<» nnnr »hn
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the ; FREE TREATMENT call in Son a*
cause, which is the second stage of seminal ! office on Friday afternoons,
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this I IliniTT ,•„„ t™, m t n , ,i
character treated with unfailing success. ': WH TE 7 ?f * rou ) bles t full y an ,^ frankly and
6 "ill 1 1- effective treatment will be sent you,
lir Sif y° u are suffering from persistent free from observation, to any part of tne coun-
unuiLU headaches, painful menstruation, i tr >'- Thousands cured at home. Book entitled
leucorrho?a or whites, intolerable itching, dis- " Guide to Health" sent free to those describ-
pliu'em'-nt of the womb, or any other distress- * n £ their troubles. All communications sa-
mg aiimont peculiar to your sex, you should credly confidential.
call on I>K. s\V*;aN V without delay. He cures Office hours— 9 A. M. to 12 M., 2to 5 and
when others fail. 7 to 8 P. M. Sunday, 10 A. M. to 12 M. only
ADDRESS,
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco. Cal.
oceaiv steamships:
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COJIPASI
CUT RATES
XO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
Pirat Class &Q.OO
Second Class -JSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 New Jloutgomery Street
GOOBALL, PERKINS A CO.,
■ General Agents.
ASTORIA ANFpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservation* - call at 19 Mont-
jomerjr street.
Columbia sail*.. December 30
- Ktate California galla ....January 4
GOODALD, PJEHKINS A CO., Qenl. Snpts. ;
F. P.CON&OB. General Agent
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM j&gA-
Broadway wharf, Ban Francisco, a* iriilinp
follows: ■ '„
For Mary Island, ix>rlng, Wranßel. Junean. Kil-
lisnoo and Sltka (Alaska), m. 8 a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C>. Port Town-
tend, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacones and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. 6, 10, 16, '20, 25. 30, and every flfth
day thereafter, connecting at Vnncouver with
the C. i>. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. K. X.,
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Pors Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, Arcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 t. m., Jan. 2, 6,10, 14,
18. 22, 26, SO, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Caynoos, j
Port Harford (San Lnls Oblspo), Gavtota, Santa i
Barbara, Ventura.Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Anaeies) »na Kewport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
.4,8.12, 16, 20, 84, 28, and every U»urth d»y
thereafter. _ , .
i For San Diego, "stoppine only at Port Harfori
(San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Anjreles, Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11 j
a. m., Jun. 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and everj :
lourth day thereafter.  ,
For Ensenada, i**n Jose del Cabo, Masatlan, L»
Paz, Aliata and Uuaymas (Mexico), »tr. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket o"flice, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street. • ' ■
GOODALL, PERKINS <ft CO., Gen'l Agent*.
10 Market st., San Francisco.
white USE.
1 Onlted Stales and Eoyar. Mall steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown &LlverDool
SAILING EVERY WiiEE '
GABIN,S6O AND UPWARD, ACCORD- ...
\J iiik to steamer and accommodations mSBI
Belec:«l ; second cabin, 36 and 5640- Maj"u?T7d
leutonio $35 «teera S e Tickets from EngEnd, Ire-
\V d >^ c f otl nd Sweden, Norway and Penrnark I
SmS£ h i° t baa acl3co at lowest rates. Tickets, I
f?iii. ?v dates and cabin plans may be procured !
from W . H. AV I Y>i ' ftclfic Mail Dock, or at the i
n.';^ i a l Cc L/ . l he Coni P»ny. 613 Market street, !
under U land Hotel. c. vv. FLETCHEK. I
peneraTAgent »r Papmc Coast, ; i
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
OCEANIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
JIXH * I ''Ulr-. Coolgardle gold fields
jsS^7''% 0 (Freemantle), Austra-
iS'»f ) HrtiiWVi» lla: ? a2 ° ar3t class,
JRmev ''^IMril i iIU* $110 steerage. Lowest
$?a % ~*- rates to Capetown,
4rLj£p^ i ~ wr jf>~r^QS* bouth Africa.
9/ 'T^Li» >^k. Australian steamer,
pW/ **A> X WU A LAMBDA, sail* via
■[ Or?W Honolulu and Auck-
I 2!M? \JIMS landi Tnnr sdayi Jan.
\ws : £ Ifepjj'^1 fepjj'^~ /JjW Steamship Anstralia,
NS^Kxt^?**^**^ Honolulu only, Tues-
day, January 21, at 10
Special Parties — Reduced special rates for
parties Fet>. 6 and 10, 3 8;»fi.
' Ticket office. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPBECKELS & IiROS., General Agents.
COMPAe^IEGMERALETRMSATLASTIQDB
rrcncli l-in«» to Havre.
pOMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH J*o9L^
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by aHSE
this line avoid both transit by English rallwuvaii<l
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat.' New York to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class $160; second class, $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Kupe
, January 11
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
„ January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. Polrot
ranuary 25,
LABOURGOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf '.
February 1
JO" For further particulars apply to
a. FORGET, Agent,
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI <fc CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEASJPACRET GOXPAXT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL XMJL.
fortnightly for the West Indies and $3EEm
Southampton, . callini; on route at cerbourgu,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
TlirouKh bills of lading, in connection with tha
Pacific Mall 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thirt
OtAM, $97 60. For further particulars apply to
PARROTT & CO., Agents,
306 California at.
&TOCKTO\ STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washingrton St-
At 5 V. M, Dally, Except Sunday.
93" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAaiEIt :
T. C. Walker. .J. D. Pnterx,
Mary Garratt, Oily of Stockton.
Telephone Main 808. Cat. Xav. tied Impt. Co,
YALLEJO JLID MARE ISLAND.
STK. MONTICELLO,
Pstly, except Sunday— lo a. m., 4km
Sunday— B P. m.
Ziaadinar. Wlsiion 1. Pi«r a.
■k These tiny Capsules aresuperior
P|\ X to Balsam of  Copaiba, /**-^t
lA 1 Cubcba and lajectiona. W^ii
■ mwd j They euro in 4& hours the \^/
Sagf^C same diseases Tfichout anylnoon-
SOLD BY ALL DRUGGISTS
2728
'"""" ' '" """ ■■'.'■'* *", ." * " """""" ~" ' V :""V*"
. . . . ; '•mmammamm ,  -
Sell Now!
Sell Quickly !
THIS SALE INAUGURATED ONLY
three days ago already a big success.
The people never Jer awake to the
spending power of money than now. Cut
prices as never before in the history of Dry
Goods business on this Coast. We've
shown our determination for a short and
speedy sale. Come early. Choosing gets
no better by delay.
Dress Goods.
ALL-WOOL SERGE, ,c.
87 Inches w:.le. guaranteed all wool, color
asaortment broken, worth 35c
ALL-WOOL ALMA, 25c.
89 Inches wide, all pure wool, best I're.noh J
make, in navy, tan, heliotrope and p!\im,
sold all season for 60o>
ALL-WOOL SERGE, 29c.
37 inches wide, good heavy quality, in navy
blue and black, sold all season for 35c.
FANCY DRESS GOODS, 3Oc Yard.
36 Inches wide, in all jopular combinations,
made of fine worsted yarn.
ALL-WOOL STORM SERGE, 50c.
48 inches wide, extra heavy, In navy blue only,
worth 75c. " •
ALL-WOOL FANCY (HECK. 50c Yard.
45 inches wide, a stylish French fabric, color
assortment broken, sold all season for6.">c.
ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SERGE, 60c.
48 inches wide, extra heavy quality, In navy
blue only, worth 90c.
ALL-WOOL SUITING. 75c Yard.
48 inches wide, French Covert Suiting, comes
in brown and tan mixtures, an excellent cloth
at $1 25.
CLOSE OF THE EDUCATIONAL CONVENTION.
Teachers Discuss the Phys
ical Well-Being of
Pupils.
A PLEA FOR FRESH AIR.
Masterly Address by David
Starr Jordan of Stanford
University.
RESOLUTIONS ARE ADOPTED.
All Participants Agree That the Con
gress of Pedagogues Was
a Success.
Not until next year will the Cal
ifornia Teachers' Association meet again
in annual session. The closing ses
sions yesterday were more largely
attended than any of the preced
ing meetings, many of Oakland's fore
most society leaders being present. The
commodious auditorium of the First Con
gregational Church was filled to repletion,
many persons being obliged to stand
throughout the interesting exercises.
The morning session opened with the
reading of an essay by T. I). Wood of Palo
Alto, who took for his subject, "Hygiene
in Education," and displayed much
healthy indignation against that mis
guided spirit of false public economy
which would sacrifice the health and per
haps even the lives of countless school
children rather than spend a small por
tion of the public funds in rendering
schortlbuiidings habitable from a sanitary
point of view.
"Children," he continued, "are sent to
school too young. The hours of school
are too long. Frequently the children are
sent home to do school work at ni<;ht.
There is too littie activity to the elemental
muscles. From one-third to one-fourth of
the time should be devoted to healtn ex
ercises. Gymnastics should be encour
aged. The child should be examined
physically when entering school. The
teacher should understand the method of
growth of the child and understand its
organism. It is not an easy thing to
teach well. Hygienic education means
that a child shall be taught to take care of
itself, ii does not mean that human phy
siology should be taught in the lower
grades. A hi<rb ideal of manhood and
womanhood should be held out to the
•youth of both sexes. It should not be for
gotten that any educational system which
practically ignores the health of the child
ib radically defective."
Miss Carrie B. Palmer of the Oakland
High School read an interesting paper on
"The Physical Training of (jirls." She
treated her subject in a most thoughtlul
and comprehensive manner, while the
earnest, convincing tone in which she
pleaded her cause showed plainly that she
was thoroughly imbued with the idea that
the wives and mothers of the future are
more or less neglected under the present
educational systems.
"The more advanced educators," said
Miss Palmer, "are agreed in demanding
We've Startled Buyers !
and Staggered Dealers !
BUT THE LAST NAMED CANNOT
have any of our goods at clearance
prices. They are for our customers.
It's our good, fashionable fabrics, the :
choosings from the last Fall that go on ;
sale, and in order that goods may be dis- [
tributed among our patrons a limit will be j
placed on some lines.
Black_Silks.
SWIVEL SILK. 69c.
19 laches wide. Black Taffeta, with colored
stripe effects, good heavy quality, worth $1.
PEAU DE SOIE. 75c Yard.
28 inches wide, heavy quality, warranted all
silk and best dye, worth $1.
SATIN DUCHESS, 75c Yard.
20 inches * r ide, very heavy grade, guaranteed
all silE and fine finish, worth 1.
SATIN DUCHESS, SI.OO Yard.
24 lecnts wide, extra heavy quality and finish,
worth $1 50. __
Colored
SILK-FACED VELVET. 200 Yard.
A regular $1 line, odds and ends of colors, but
all good quality.
FANCY TAFFETA, 50c Yard.
19 inches wide, all pur.» siii:. sold all season
for 75c.
FANCY SILK. 60c Yard.
19 Inches wide, fancy deux tons effect, large
designs, worth 85c.
FANCY SILK. 89c Yard.
20 and 24 inches wide, fancy two-toned effects,
sold all season for $1 25 and" $1 f>o.
FANCY PEAU DX SOIE. SI.OO Yard.
22 inches wide, extra heavy, our and $2 50
quality.
1-1 AI W^ D AC INCORPORATED,
1 1/\L*JL* DlXv-/O«« 937, 939,941,943, 945 Market St.
7 SAN FRANCISCO.
I feet health, and hygiene thoroughly taught
I so as to render the child capable of caring
: for itself. Without perfect bodily health
; there can be no perfect mental health.
Teachers should not deceive themselves
| by looking on the gymnasium as illustra
tive of perfect hygiene. By the time the
high school is reached to give girls grym
: nastic training it is nearly impossible to
I do so.
"The girl's time out of school is spent at '
i the piano, sewing or in recreations not '
j always healthful. Under such conditions !
i the girl's physical education must be un
dertaken. \\ hen people are told what the
new system of physical education means
; they are not always able to appreciate it.
lit is claimed by some that the girls can
get all the exercise they need at home, j
Siuh exercise, however, is not physical
training. Others hold that gymnastics
ought to be considered a recreation. Such,
however, is not the case. If good results
are to be obtained they must be got to
work the same as in any other study. The
public school is the o"nly place in which
the scholar could receive perfect education.
When people are made to understand the
necessities, physical as well as mental,
of the child then we shall see the dawning
of the day of perfect education."
Another important paper was read by
J. \V. McClvmonds on "'The Samtarv
Construction of School Buildings." His
remarks were illustrated by diagrams,
Which he sketched on a blackboard as he
spoke.. Among the many old truths in
j new guise which he dwelt upon was the
! necessity for the use of judgment is select
ing grounds for school building?. In trie
; first place the site should be dry and large '
j enough to afford seventy-live square feet of !
l play space to the pupil. It is the first
! Juty of the city to furnish ample school ■
grounds. The school should be located on
j the northwest corner of the lot, where it
will cast the least shadow. The worst
place for location is on the south, because j
it compels the children to play in the \
shade. He had known of ice being for i
i three days in the yard of one of the local !
I schools. Colds were the consequence.
I The school should not exceed two stories
'in height. Primary schools should be of
only one story. Air should pass through
the basement day and night. The build
ing should have only a single row of rooms
along the corridors. The south light is i
I the best light for the schoolroom. The
east rooms are more desirable than those
on the west. The best shape for a school
; room is oblong. The ceiling should be
i 12 feet high, allowing 153 cubic and 15
square feet to each pupil.
Kegarding the furniture of the school
■ room, Mr. McClymonds said that bodily
i defects in children are frequently due to
I poor schooldesks. He believed there would
I some time be used only the adjustable
; desk. The height of the desk should be
) that of the knee. Dangers lurk in the
j sweeping of rooms. Damp sawdust should
| be used in sweeping and the schools could
be kept cleaner with it. Each desk should
be cleaned and varnished when the desk
passed in use from one scholar to another.
when the classrooms are not in use, air
and sunlight should be admitted to them.
Ihe permanent inhalation of impure air
brings on disease. They all knew the
truth of that statement. Any system of
heating the air which does not 'provide for
the renewal of the same is worthless. One
of the best fireplaces was the old-fashioned
fireplace. The London High School is
heated in that way, and a schoolroom with
two or three such lireplaces would be well
heated and well ventilated. A system of
ventilation, to be perfect, must permit a
continued How of pure air. One of the
most important features of the school is
perfect ventilatior.
In conclusion Mr. McCleymonds recom
mended that all light be admitted to
schoolrooms from one side, and that at
THE SAN FRAISCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 5, 1896.
A Half Bigger
Soon !
WE ARE CROWDING THE FlX-
ing up of our big annex. Only a
few weeks' more and we have cot
to move all the stocks about. Don't want
to move a piece of Winter stock. Rather
give it to you at half honest value. Every
article that has a suspicion of being lone-
some has got to go and well pocket the
loss without a murmur. Almost every-
thing a bargain now — and a big one.
Domestics.
FLANNELETTE, 5c Yard.
In light and dark stripes.
BLEACHED CRASH, e^c Yard.
All linen, 16 iuches wide, was BV3C.
UNBLEACHED CANTON FLANNEL,
7c Yard.
31 Inches wide, extra heavy, value 12 yard.
UNBLEACHED MUSLIN, 9c Yard.
Full 54 inches wide, good quality, reduced
from 12' -jr.
OTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, 15c Yard.
29 inches wide, wool filled, value 25c yard, in
medium shades and stripes.
TABLE DAMASK, 22c Yard.
Unbleached, 52 inches wide.
FRENCH FLANNELS, 33c Yard.
In figures and light and dark colors, 27 Inches
wide.
DAMASK TOWELS, 35c Eacli.
Bleached, 27x45 inches, knotted fringe, col-
ored borders, reduced from .'>oc.
HEMMED SHEETS, 55c Each.
Bleached, good heavy quality, 90x90 inches.
the left of the pupils; that the window
space shall equal or exceed one-sixth of
the floor space; that the bottom of the
windows be not less than four feet from
the floor; that the length of the room be
to the width as 4 is to 3; that the number
of scholars to be allowed in a class should
be ascertained by dividing the square feet
of the floor by twenty; that length of- the
room be exposed to either the east, the
west or the south light; that the ground
iioors be covered with concrete, and that
efficient means be adopted to secure for
each pupil thirty cubic feet ot air per
minute.
Miss Lucy M. Washburn of San Jpse
read a very practical paper on "Hygienic
Improvements Within Reach of Us All."
She referred to the advances latterly made
in the domain of sanitary science and their
important bearing upon the future of hu
manity. "Wheu teachers," she remarked,
"begin to realize that it is a crime to break
the Taws of hygiene, then we shall cease to
have schoolrooms which stifle the mental
activity and undermine the physical well
being of the child."
Before the session adjourned a class of
young ladies gave a charming programme
of calisthenic exercises in the gymnasium.
Miss Palmer directed their evolutions,
which were in very truth a poem of kalei
doscopic grace.
Proceedings at the afternoon session
commenced with the unanimous adoption
of the following resolutions by the as
sembled teachers:
Resolved, Tliat we express our keen apprecia
tion of the hospitality extended to us by the
city ollieials, citizens and teachers of Oakland
and of the continuous successful efforts o£
Superintendent McClymonds and his assist
ants, as well as of all committees who provided
so well for our entertainment.
Resolved, That we recognize with great satis
faction the very general participation on the
part of our elementary curriculum, as inaugu
rated by the State Council of Education. We
believe that the effective prosecution of this
inquiry during the coming year in every
county and city of the State is greatly to be
desired.
Rttolvat, That the council be and hereby is
authorized to print and distribute, gratuti
tously, to-the teachers of the State the reports
of its committees on the course of study, on
high-school certificates and on mutual train
ing, and that the council be authorized to
draw upon the treasury for $200, or such por
tion of that amount as may be required for
necessary printing and postage.
Resolved, That the executive committee be
authorized to pay $25 toward defraying cost
of transportation of the manual training ex
hibit, and $10 75 for printing the abstract of
the report of the committee on manual train
ing.
Resolved, That the Council of Education be
requested to continue the inquiry and work
begun by its committee to the end that legisla
tion may be secured to facilitate the introduc
tion of manual training in the schools of Cali
fornia.
Resolved, That we believe that the 'further
discussion of 4h3 report of the committee of
fifteen, sa ably begun by Professor George 11.
Howison, is of vital importance to theteMChers
and scholars of our State, and we recommend
that teacher* make a more careful study of the
report, and that one session of the next asso
ciation meeting be given to its further consid
eration..
Resolved, That the California Teachers' Asso
ciation extend to the National Educational As
sociation an invitation to hold- its meeting for
1897 in the city of Los Angeles.
Resolved, That there should be a standing
committee of the association on school
hygiene in order that this subject may be kept
under consideration and Investigation. And
that aftei a reasonable time a definite recom
mendation may be made to the association re
lating to the place of hygiene and physical cu!
ture in the school curriculum and the neces
sary preparation fox these subjects in the pro
fessional training of the teacher.
The treasurer, Miss Bessie G. Haslam of
Santa Cruz, presented a report mentioning
receipts to the amount of $992 21 ; disburse
ments, $331 06; balance on hand, $661 15;
present number of members, 641. The
report was approved as read.
On motion of S. T. Black $100 was set
aside as a compensation to the secretaries,
while P. M. Fisher, not to be outdone in
gallantry, moved that the fair secretary be
allowed $25 for her faithiul and efficient
work. The motion was unanimously
carried, Miss Haslam acknowledging the
courtesy of the association by a charming
bow and smile.
David Starr-Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity then delivered a masterly address
Push Every
Day! Push!
IT'S THE STEAM-POWER OF THIS
business. We've got a B t O re full of
soods, and sell we must. Only a few
short weeks when every train and boat
will be dumping drayloads of new goods
for spring and summer time. The winter
stock wants you, and new prices will make
you want the stock. You can't afford to
overlook this bargain season.
Domestics.
TAPESTRY, 50c and 75c Yard.
50 Inches wide, large assortment, colors and
patterns.
COMFORTERS, 68c Each.
Full size, good weight, print covrring, & com-
fortable comforter for coid, chilly nights.
NAPKINS, SI.OO Dozen.
Bleached, all linen, gO od value at $1 50 dozen.
HUCK TOWELS, 81.25 Dozeu.
18x86 inches, heavy fringe, close weave, full
selvage, value $1 75 dozen.
BLANKETS, 81.85 Pair.
Good big blankets, all white, cotton and wool
mixed, some slightly soiled.
(HKXILLE PORTIERES, 83. 00 Paix.
8 yards by 48 inches, all chenille, large variety
colors, very special.
CHENILLE PORTIEKES, 84.00 Pair.
3 yards by 48 Inches, extra heavy, good value
al $5 pair.
EIDERDOWN FLANNEL. 39c Yard. '
Best, quality, light and dart colors, fanev
checks and stripes.
HEMMED SHEETS, 50c Each.
Bleached, heavy quality, 81x90 Inches.
on "The Foundations of Belief, or the
Stability of Truth." After reviewing the
present trend of human thought consid
ered in relation to the doctrine of evolu
tion as understood by modern scientists
the learned lecturer said :
Science seta up this test of truth: Can it be
made to work? Can life be trusted to it? This
test the conclusions of philosophy cannot meet.
In .«o far as they do meet it they are the conclu
sions of science. As science advances in any
field philosophy is driven out of it. It is a fact
oiten noted that the great conclusions of sci- |
ence have been anticipated by philosoDhy, but
likewise have the various theories which sci
ence has proven inlse. Every conceivable j
guess as to the origin and meaning of familiar
phenomena has been exhausted by philosophy, j
Some of its guesses contain elements of truth, ;
but philosophy cannot determine this, it must
be left to science. Science R* lie gives the true
test of human life. The essence of this test is
experiment.
Philosophy's test is: Is it plausible? Has
It logical continuity? Does it suffice the human
heart? In other words, its tests are subjective,
intellectual or emotional; its data alone are
drawn from the external world. Can we trust j
philosophy to tell us what to believe while we I
must look to science to tell us what we shall I
know? Ii knowledge and belief are of little
rank both must rest upon science. If knowl
edge implies stability and belief does not, the '
latter becomes a word of light meaning, ex
pressive of whim or balance of opinion, and
belief becomes ineffective in human life.
Along its path life cannot march with courage
and success. One ought not to believe where •
he cannot trust.
In Professor Ilaeckell's recent address, "The
Confession of Faith of a Man of Science," he
makes an eloquent plea for the acceptance of
the philosophic doctrine of monism as the
fundamental basis of science. According to I
him tin 1 primal conception of monism is that
there lives oik' spirit in all things, that the
whole cognizable world is constituted and has
been developed In accordance with one funda
mental law, this involving the essential oneness
of all tilings, matter and force, object and j
siiirit, God and nature; there is involved in it !
the spontaneous generation of life from inor
ganic matter; the resolution of the vital force
jn all its appearances into properties shown by
certain compounds under certain conditions.
Let us turn for a moment to the positive side
of scientific belief. Not long ago while walk
ing in the garden with my little girl I told her
James Whucomb Riley's story about the "Gob
lins That Get You if You Don't Watch Out."
"But there isn't any suchithing as a goblin,"
said the little girl, "and there isn't ever going
to be any sucii thing." Mindful of the argu
ment of philosophic doubt, I said, "Perhaps
there isn't any such thing as anything, Bar
bara." "Oh, yes there is," said she, looking
about for unquestioned reality, "there is such
a thing as koinething; there is such a thing as
a squash."
In this conclusion of the little girl the real
ity of the objective world, the integrity of
science and the sanity of man are alike bound
up; and for its evidence we must look to the
facts of organic evolution of which man is a
part. Each living being is a link in a contin
uous chain of lite into which death has so far
as we know never entered. Each individual is
in a sense the guardian of this life chain, j
Each link is tested by environment. Those ]
craatnrM unadapted or not adaptable to this '
environment are destroyed. This environ- I
ment is the objective universe— the world as
it is, not as the creature may imagine it. It is
theworld ol science. Nature is no respecter
of persons and docs not pardon ignorance.
Her laws and penalties consider only what
actually is.
Our senses, our reason, our power of action,
are all concessions to the external world.
Adaptation is in essence obedience. Sense per
ceptions and intellect alike stand as advisers
to the power of choice. The power of choice
involves the need to choose aright. Wrong
choice is punished by death. Death ends the
chain of which each creature is a link. The
life of the world has been continued by those
whose choice has not been fatal. When in
stinct fails reason rises to insure safety. At
last with man reason comes to be the chief
element in guiding the choice of life.
With greater power to know and hence to
choose safely greater complexity of relations
become possible. To those who meet the com
plex demands of civilization the stores of
human wisdom must be open. The mass of
civilized men, to whom right choice under
new conditions is possible only thrjugh fol
lowing the footsteps of others, are saved to life
by instinct of conventionality, helpful im
pulse. Authority is also an important source
of knowledge to {he individual, its value being
proportioned by the power of the individual to
Mat wisely the credentials of authority.
Superstition goes with stupidity and insan
ity. The condition of mind waich is favorable
to mysticism, superstition and reverie is un
favorable to life. If all men sought healing
from the handkerchief of the lunatic or from
contact with old bones, if all physicians used
revealed remedies and business waR conducted
by faith, the folly of these practices would
Clearance Sale
Prices
NOT ONLY REACH TO EVERY
piece of winter stock but to all corn-
panionless articles, all the waifs and
strays— to everything in the big store,
main floor and basement. Thousands of
shrewd shoppers wait for these half-yearly
clearings, and they do not wait in vain, for
well they know the penalty we place on
goods we want to close— about half price.
Notions.
SILK CORD, lc Yard.
For fancy work.
PASSBOOKS, lc Kach.
For grocery and butcher-shop, were 15c dozen,
now 10c dozen, or
KIBBON, 134 c to 10c Yard.
For dress trimmings, all silk, medium and dark
colors.
.No. 2. No. 6. No. 7. No. 9. Nos. 12 to 22.
H/ c 2%c 5c 7%c 10c
Yard. Yard. Yard. Yard. Yard.
CURLING-IRONS, 3c Each.
Medium sizes, value sc.
SCHOOL TABLETS, 5c Euh.
Jfor pencil, unruled, 200 pages, the kind you
pay 10c ior size 6x9 Inches.
HANDKERCHIEFS, 5c Each.
Valenciennes lace edge, very dainty.
HANDKERCHIEFS, 6c Each.
Hemstitched, colored border, Kood value at 10c
each.
GIMP TRIMMINGS, 5c Yard.
Black jet and silk gimp, large line.
SHELF PAPER, 7c Roll.
Fancy lace edge, 10 yards to the roll? in bine
and corn, was 10c.
tneedily appear. The fool lives in society only
through sutferance.the weak through altruism.
It Is the strong only that endures. Might does
not make right, but that which is right must
fortify itself by becoming might.
An old parable of life shows man in a light
skiff, in a tortuous channel, beset by rocks,
borne by a falling current to an unknown sea.
He is kept awake by the needs of his situation.
He must keep his craft off the rocks. Contact
with them will mean disaster. If this were
not 6O he would not heed. He has sensation
to warn him, will to choose and freedom to
act, and so in a measure his safety rests in his
own hands. He may choose his own course,
which will not be easy; he may follow the
course of others and attain to some degree of
their safety. But mere impulse will not suf
fice. „
Knowledge is worthy only as a guide to ac
tion, and knowledge being human can only be
approximate —not reality, but a movement
toward it; so we are brought to the oft-quoted
words of Lessing:
"It is not the truth in man's possession that
makes the worth of man. Possession makea
men selfish, lazy, proud. Not through posses
sion, but through long striving comes the over
growing strength. If God should hold in his
right hand all truth, and in his left hand
only the ceaseless struggle after truth, and
he should say to me Choose, 1 would fall in
humbleness before his left hand and say,
'Father, give; the perfect truth isbutforthee
alone.''"
At the conclusion of Mr. Jordan's address
Mr, Barnes, the retiring president, surren
dered the gavel to his successor, Mr. Lins
cott, who adjourned the meeting till the
28th of December next at San Jose.
During the afternoon the High School
Teachers' Club of Alameda County held a
Drief meeting in room 23\of the High
School building. Papers on the correla
tion of grammar and hij»h school work by
Mrs. Lfi. Dv Bois of Oakland and H. J.
Shute of Haywards and addresses by El
mer E. Brown, president of the club, and
by the Rev. J. K. McLean of Oakland were
enjoyed by all present, after which ti>e
members went to hear Mr. Jordan's lec
ture. v \x, ,'
The convention is over. All who at
tended pronounced it an unqualified suc
cess. Mr. Barnes, when asked for his
opinion regardiog the annual meeting,
said: V; :J
"I think it marks an epoch in the edu
cational life of the State of which Californi
ans in general, and Oaklanders in partic
ular, may well be proud."
"Right you are, sir!" cried Fred M.
Campbell in great glee.
And so said they all of them.
A suit of Jaros Hygienic Underwear worth a
barrel of cures. Morgan Bros., 229 Montg. st.*
» » «
The Ingleside Suspects.
Harry Gardiner, one of the three men charged
with the robbery at the Ingleside racetrack on
Christmas night, was released- from the City
Prison last .night, on $5000 , Dail. The bonds
were • accepted by Superior Judge Wilson of
Humboldt County and were taken to Judge
Low by Gardiner's attorney, R. Porter Ashe,
and the Judge wrote out the order for Gardi
ner's release. The bondsmen are all residents
of Eureka. The preliminary examination of
the three suspects will: be held on Tuesday be
fore Judge Low, Judge Conlan having refused
to preside.
Office draughts don't bothei wearer of Jaros
Hygienic Underwear. He is protected from
climatic changes. Morgan Bros., 229 Montg. St.*
• — — —
• Tuwnund Will Read.
There will be an entertainment under the
auspices of the Mercantile Library Auxiliary at
the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium Saturday, January
11, at 3 o'clock, at which Edward W. Town
send has very kindly consented to read from
his popular book, "Chimmie Fadden." The
auxiliary Is also indebted to H. J.Stewart, who
has arranged a ihort musical programme for
the occasion, at which Donald de V. Graham
and other well-known artists will assist. :>;
• ——»
Brief work a special feature of the printing
department of the Mysell-Rollins C 0.,22 Clay.*
'
':"•. ":. —— ■» i ♦—• —!—'
Liong's Habeas Corpus.
The Supreme Court has granted William
Long, a brewery driver of OaKland, a writ of
habeas corpus. Long was arrested for selling
beer from his brewery-wagon. He was arrested
for a violation of the retail liquor law, but his
employers claimed that having paid the in
ternal revenue tax he had a right to sell.the
beer. Upon this . contention the writ was
granted, and it will be heard next week.
Thousands of
Shoppers Daily !
IF THE GOODS WERE NOT HERE j
for the people the people would not be j
here for the goods. From among then. |
! the greatest possible bargains will con- '
stantly appear and some of the best news ,
semi-weekly will always be found in the
Rate columns. Don't" put of-' the coming:
to the store. A quick pulse \.ill reach the 1
end of any stock, however lar^ c.
Notions.
BOURDON LACE.
H*fe Inches wide 10cyard i
4V2 Inches wide .' { 2y 2 c yard !
BV2 inches wide l9c yard
6y 2 inches wide '26c yard j
Black silK, large assortment, very special.'
TRAY COVERST lOc Each.
Fringed all around, good quality craponette.
PERFUME NOVELTY. 15c Each.
A. little decorated celluloid basket, containing a
bottle of perfume
TRIMMINGS, 19c Yard.
Fancy colored, from 1 to 2 inches wide, value
?1 yard.
SPLASHERS, 20c Each.
Momie cloth, stamped and fringed.
TRIMMING, 2Qc, 29c, and 45c Yard.
Beaver and mink, all'silk.
IV, inches wide. 2 Inches wide. 3 inches wide. 1
20c yard. 29c yard. 45c yard.
KID GLOVES, 50c Pair.
4-bntton. in tans and browns, excellent values
fancy-stitctied back.
JET FRINGE, 8c Yard.
Black jet trimming and fringe.
MEW BILL BY THE ROAD
Southern Pacific Perfects Its
Pleadings for To-mor
row's Battle.
[T IS A MODEL DOCUMENT.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald to Move
to Strike Out All the Com
pany's Affidavits.
So as to be in readiness for the legal
battle of to-morrow the perfected plead
ings of the Southern Pacific in its injunc
tion suit against the State Railroad Com
mission were filed in the United States
Circuit Court yesterday.
It was learned from J. E. Foulds, one of
the attorneys of the railroad company,
that there is nothing in the amended bill
of complaint that is particularly new,
other than its completeness.
It simply embodies in one document,
explained Mr. Foulds, the original bil)
and the subsequent amendments; and
some slight changes have been made in
the railroad's figures— changes that do not?
constitute a difference of over $30,000 all
told.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald and his
associate counsel had a consultation over
the new bill yesterday afternoon, but Mr.
Fitzeerald stated late in the day that he
had not at that time given the document
sufficient study to be able to discuss it.
On Monday the particular battle to be
fought by the Southern Pacific, the Kail
road Commission and the Federal Govern
ment Is to be on the order to show cause
and a motion to strike out the railroad
company's affidavits. It will take place
before Judge McKenna.
The new bill is a model in the way of
court pleadings. It contains a statement
of the mileage of the Pacific system; the ;
earnings and expenses of each company i
with the financial status of each, and the !
old allegations that the proposed reduction i
of rates would require the lines in Califor- '■
nia to carry freight for less than cost, and
that the rates in this State are lower than
in the other States and Territories through !
which the Southern Pacific system runs i
The resolution of the Democratic State
convention pledging the nominees for ;
Railroad Commissioners to a 25 per cent '
cut is also given. Appended to the bill is
section 22 of article XII of the State con- I
stitution providing for the establishment |
of the Railroad Commission; the act of i
the Legislature approved April 15, 18S0 I
organizing it and defining its powers, and <
the Kentucky acts under which the South- i
crn Pacific was incorporated. The resolu
tions of the Railroad Commission orderinc i
the reduction of rates are included in the |
body of the bill.
The particular points of the bill of in
terest to the general public are: first, that
had tu e reduction of rates now being
fought been in force during the year 189-1,
the bouthern Paciric's revenue from all the
lines of the Pacific system would have been
$1,775,000 less, and a total deficiency of \
$2,051,'2(j2 70 would have resulted ; second,!
that Ijad the proposed reduction been in
force for the first six months of 1895, there
would have resulted a diminution of
revenue amounting to $845,223 28, and a
total deficiency of $2,321,398 87.
For these two years the figures given
are: Year 1894— receipts, |31 ,458.532 64;
expenditures. $31,734.785 34; deficiency,
$276,262 70. First six months of 1895—re
The Morning
Hours
ARE THE BEST FOR YOUR PT7R.
chasing these days. You then avoid
the inevitable afternoon rush. So
many bargains to get acquainted with
that you can neither do them nor yourself
full justice in the big crowds. If you live
in the country, order at once by mail;
everybody gets the same prices. If in the
city and too busy to come, our telephone
lumber is South 665.
Furnishings.
BOYS' COTTON HOSE. 150 Pair.
Heavy quality black Hermsdorf dye, seamless,
size 6 to 10, were 25c. ___
LADIES' COTTON HOSE, 25c .Pair.
Black tine macro yarn, spliced heels, double
sole anl toe, were 40c.
LADIES' VESTS, 750 Each.
All wool \snlt, natural color, plain or shaped,
heavy quality, pants to match, were $1 V! 5.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, 75c Each.
Calico, colored flowers on darn grounds, lateat
cut, were $1.
LADIES' WRAPPERS, 81.85 Each.
Flanneiette, heavy quality, white figures on
navy-blue groind, latest cut, braid trimmed,
were $2 60.
GENTS' TIES, lOc Each.
AlHight colors, fancy silk, now shapes, were
23c.
GENTS' OVERSHIRTS, 750 Each.
Wool mixed, heavy quality, sizes 141/2 to 17,
well made, were $1.
GENTS' UNDERWEAR, 750 Garment
Heavy quality causel's-balr wool shirts, silk-
bound neck and front, drawers to match, wero
91. .
ceipts, $14,836,125 78; expenditures, $16,
--312,302 16; deficiency, $1,476,176 39.
It is evidently the peculiar financial
status of the Southern Pacific's system
that brings about this financial phenom
enon, for its gross earnings from opera
tions alone for 1894 were $31,267,779 16, tnd
its net operating expenses were $20,681,
--905 39; and for the first six months <■:
the gross earnings from operations were
$14,727,319 96 and the net operating ex
penses $10,738,982 95. The difference is al
most accounted for by the payment of $8 -
420,002 87 interest in 1894 on its bonds, and
$4 _i) 9,504 47 interest in the tirst ha f of
1895.
As to the company's payroll, the docu
ment states that for the year ending June
30, 1895, its seventy-one general officers, a*
a daily average of $10 25, received a yearly
compensation amounting in the aggregate
to J36L079 04, and its 15,064 employes/at a
daily average of $2 54, got a total" for the
year of $11,972,667 73.
As compared with the budget of figures
given for the entire Pacific system, it
would appear that the lines in California
were the only paying ones in 1894, though
a different tale is told for the tirst half of
1895. For 1894 the total receipts from the
California roads were 121,001.362 49, and
the total expenditures $20,528 528 97 leav
ing a surplus of $472,833 52. For the first
half of 1895, however, the income waa
$9,932,611 82, and outgo $10,796,303 11 leav
ing a deficiency of $863,691 29, according
to the tables presented to the court.
The claim is made that the opposed re
duction would have made a difference of
11,775,000 to the company for 1894, and
produced a deficiency of $1,303,166 48 in
stead of a surplus of $172,833 52; while for
the first six months of 1895, it is contended,
the difference would have been $^45,223 28,
and the deficiency increased to $1,681, Ml 1 :<:'.
The prediction is ventured that for the
entire year of 1895 the total deficiency
would have been $3,363,820 14. '
During the day Attorney -General Fitz
gerald fifed a notice of his intended motion
to strike from the hies of t .c court al] the
affidavits of the Southern Pacific that wera
made in reply to those of Commissioner
La Hue and Stanton. The motion will bo
made formally in court on Monday. Mr.
Fitzgerald's explanation of his move was:
The ground for the motion is that the
Southern PacifiVs artidavits are not proper,
i'hey seem to anticipate any possible proofs
•which the defendant, the Railroad Commis
sion, might make in support of its answer to
the Southern Paciric's bill. They have evi
dently been made to rebut any new matter we
might present as against the 1 plaintiff's in
junction proceedings, but they are really not
in order until the proper time comes. The
proper method of procedure must ue followed
in tiiisas any other controversy in equity.
The entire batch of affidavits served by
the Southern Pacific on the Attorney-
General on Christmas eve is involved in
this motion.
A Course of Lectnre§ on Art.
Professor Ar.il. y of the University of Call
fornia will open a course of university exten
sion lectures at the Young Men's Christian
Association building next Tuesday evening at
8 o'clock. His subject will be "Art," embrac
ing the history ami evolution of all kinds ol
decoration from the ancient Kgyptian to mod
ern renaissance; practical design and how to
construct, its relation to all our industries.
The lectures will be iully illustrated. A small
admission fee will be charged to cover the ex
pense of the lectures, and they will be open to
both lßdit-s an.i gentlemen. The first lecture
will be on "Egyptian Art," next Tuesday even
ing, and is sure to be of interest.
i •• — •■ — •
Jaros Hygienic Underwear the one under
wear that is comfortable: absorbs moisture:
keeps folks weli. Morgan Uros., 329 Montg. st.'
— • — ♦ — •
A California PianUte.
Mi-s Holda Andenon, a gifted young
ptar.isie, mai!*- lier debut yesterday nfternoon
at h inusicale given by Mrs. Cartnichael Can
at Beethoven Hull. Miss Anderson, who la
still a very young girl, has a fluency of
!■•• ■unique &nd breadth of expression quite re
markable lor her years. Her playing of
Cboptn'i X minor coucerto yesterday after
noon was really the work of an artist.
• • »
Jaros Hygienic Underwear for ladies, forger
tleraen. for children, for all places, all th«
year. Morgan Brothers, 22'J Montg. St. •