VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 121.
WARLIKE ORDERS
SENT FROM PARIS
French Reserve Squadron
to Be Prepared for
Action.
URGED ON BY RUSSIA.
Rumors That a Conference on
the Egyptian Question Will
Be Called.
DERVISHES PUT TO FLIGHT.
Advance of Macdonald's Column To
ward Akasheh— A Reported
Defeat Denied.
PARIS, France, March 20.— 1t is ru
mored this evening that the reserve squad
ron at Toulon, Brest, I'Orient and Cher
bourg have been ordered to hold them
selves in readiness to be placed on a war
footine. It is also rumored that France,
under the coaching of Russia, will con
vene an international conference to settle
the question of the powers of the Egyptian
debt commission and the evacuation of
Egypt. It has been founa impossible to
confirm either rumor, but it was semi-otii
cially announced this evening that the
active squadron at Toulon had received
orders for one of the cruisers to keep
steam up.
There liss been no change in the politi
cal situation here since yesterday. The
Temps, commenting upon the resignation
of the Foreign Office portfolio by M.
Berthelot, says that if the recent foreign
policy was not a success, the change has
been insisted by Prime Minister Bourgeois,
who is an able parliamentarian but an in
experienced diplomat. Therefore, M.
Bourgeois in the Foreign Office will possi
bly be more dangerous than was M.
Berthelot. France must know who leads
ami wlit re she is led.
En the Chamber of Deputies M. Bruent
and Da Lafosse, and in the Senate M.
Bardeaux, have notified Prime Minister
Bourgeois that they will to-morrow inter
pellate the Government on the situation in
Egypt
M. Poinraire, ex-Minister of Finance,
will also to-morrow question the Govern
ment in the Chamber of Deputies on the
resignation of M. Berthelot and on the for
eign and general policy of the Govern
ment. The debates will be important and
the defeat of the Government is possible.
The Figaro publishes an interview with
M. Berthelot, in which the ex-Foreign
Minister defends his actions while in tne
Cabinet, especially in respect of Siam and
Madagascar. M. Berthciot claims he held
the French flag as it should be held.
BERTHLOT MADE A SCAPEGOAT.
Jiourgeois Charged With the Authorship
of the Egyptian Xote.
LONDON, EMS., March 29.— The Graphic
will to-morrow say it regrets the resigna
tion of M. Berthelot. It adds that he sin
cerely sought the friendship of Great
Britain, and that the French tactics re
garding Egypt probably originated with
his colleagues in the Cabinet.
The Standard's Paris correspondent tele
graphs that M. Berthelot was made a
scapegoat, though it is believed that 1L
Bourgeois was the a athor of the Egyptian
note, which had its origin in his diplo
matic defeat. The Standard will to-mor
row publish a dispatch from Vienna say
ing that Russia's disapproval •of the
French Cabinet's handiingof the Egyptian
matter was the principal cause of M.
Berthelot's resignation.
The Times to-morrow, commenting on
the situation in France, will say there is
no difficulty in seeing that misconceptions
of Egyptian affairs are being extensively
used in Paris as weapons in purely domes
tic struggles.
DERVISHES FIRED UPON.
Jteconnoilering Party Put to Flight By
Jtritiah Artillery.
CAIRO, Egypt, March 29.— General
Kitchener, of the Egyptian army, and his
staff, arrived at Wady-Halfa to-day. The
second column of the expedition, under
Major Macdonald, is approaching A kasheh.
Sixty Dervishes reconnoitered the column,
but were fired upon by the artillery,
whereupon they rapidly retreated.
The report of the defeat of the Egyptian
advance guard by Dervishes near Aka
gheh turns out to be untrue.
ITALIANS WILD WITH JOY.
Remarkable Demonstration Over the Release
of a Spanish Prisoner Under the
Amnesty Decree.
PALERMO, Italy, March 29. — Si?.nor
Giuseppe de Felic (jeiffrirta, who in May,
vas sentenced to eighteen years' im
prisonment for connection wnu the social
ist riuts in Palermo and elsewhere, and
who was recently released under the de
cree of amnesty issued by King Humbert,
Catania to-day. He was a member
of the Chamber of Deputies when- he was
senienced. During his imprisonmentelec
t ons were held for members of the nine
teenth (the present) Legislature, and he
was returned for the Second District of
Citania.
Ais entry into the city to-day was a tri
uiij bal Doe. Special trains were run from
M>- ma and the city was full of visitors.
A 1; r<re crowd gathered about the railway
staton and when De Felice appeared he
wan greeted with enthusiasm. He was
carried to the carriage that was waiting
for urn, and after he had entered it the
cro^N vii harnessed the horses and dragged
it ;tn< its occupant to the hotel.
ATHENS ALIVE WITH VISITORS.
iirrrk ( ,( , t< i inlor* i" Active Training for
tile Oh/in ninn (itlttlfH.
ATllixs. CiBSaCE, March 29.— There was
a great influx of visitors to witness the
preliminary bicycling and shooting con
tests today, for the purpose of selecting
The San Francisco Call.
Greek champions to take part in the Olym
pian games, which begin on April 5 and
last until April 15. An immense audito
rium and the stadium or race track on
which most of the games will take place
are now nearly completed. Arrangements
have been made for the illumination of the
streets, the Part henon, and other ancient
monuments on the occasion of the Olym
piad.
REBEL CAMP CAPTURED.
Colonel Molina Reports a Battle in Which
Fifty-five Cubans Lost Their
Lives.
HAVANA, Cuba, March 29.— At a meet
ing of the leaders of the Autonomist party,
held here to-day, it was decided to take no
part in the approaching election of mem
bers of the Chamber of Deputies, but to
vote only for two Senators. The decision
is causing much comment.
Colonel Molina reports the capture of a
rebel camp at Guasinial, near Corral Falso,
Province of Mat&nzas. The troops at
tacked the camp with machetes. The
rebels fled, leaving behind them forty-tive
dead. Many of their wounded were car
ried away.
People in the vicinity say that many
other bodies are strewn around the camp.
The Government denies the rumors of
an attack upon and capture of the city of
Pinar del Rio by the rebels under Maceo.
J. Frank Clark.
GOD'S AMERICAN VOLUNTEERS.
Two Immense Meetings of the Followers
of Ballington Booth Held in
New York City.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.— Major
Pattie Watkins, who had been ill for some
days and who said she was threatened
with pneumonia, presided at a meeting of
the American Volunteers, over whom Bal
lington Booth has assumed command, at
the Cooper Union Institute this evening.
Miss Watkins was clad in her new uni
form, which is of cadet blue material.
The gathering was very large.
A meeting of the followers of Ballington
Booth was also held to-night at the West
Fifteenth-street Tabernacle. The hall was
crowded with the followers of Ballington
Booth, and the greatest enthusiasm was
displayed when his name was mentioned.
J. W. Merrill, who was formerly staff
captain of the Salvation Army, presided at
the meeting. Evangelist P. M. Meinsin<:er
of Brooklyn made an address, saying that
Ballington Booth had a divine work to
perform and that he should be supported.
The name of Ballington Booth's new pa
per has not yet been determined upon.
Major J. M. Allen, who came over on the
steamer St. Louis with Mrs. Booth-Tucker,
presided over the meeting at the Salvation
Army headquarters in Fourteenth street.
Mrs. Tucker was said to be quite ill. It
was reported that if she is able she will ac
cept the invitation of Ballington Booth to
meet him at his home in Mountclair, N.
J., on next Tuesday. A meeting of the
staff officers will beheld at Philadelphia
soon, at which either Mrs. Bootu-Tucker
or her si3ter, Commissioner Eva Booth,
will be present.
PROSPECTIVE LYNCHING.
The Perpetrator of a Terrible Crime Is
Strongly Guarded.
CROWN POINT, Ixd., March 29.— 1t is
very probable that the Crown Point jail
yard will be the scene of a lynching party
before morning. Albert Knauss, a farm
hand working for Nicholas Haan, a pros
perous and wealthy farmer living live
miles south of this place, attacked Mrs.
Haan while her husband was away from
home. He then kicked the woman into an
insensible condition, and it is extremely
doubtful that she will recover. Knauss
was apprehended and jailed yesterday.
Sheriff Hays has placed the jail under a
heavy guard.
DIVORCE IS HIGH LIFE.
Prominent St. Louis Couple Separated
Through the Wife's Desertion.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 29.— Henry
Houston Crittenden was yesterday granted
a divorce from Daisy Dozier Crittenden on
the ground of desertion. No defense was
offered. Both are members of prominent
and wealthy families. Mrs. Crittenden is
the daughter of a millionaire cracker
manufacturer and Mr. Crittenden is the
son of Hon. Thomas T. Crittenden, now
Consul-General to Mexico and once Gov
ernor of Missouri.
SUCCUMBED TO FRIGHT.
Four Patients in a Burning Paris
ian Hospital Are Scared
to Death.
Sappers Mistake Drugs for Schnapps.
Four Dead, Others Suffering
Intensely.
PARIS, France, March 29.— The Gothic
Church of St. Sauveur, on the boulevard
de Marechal Vaillant, at Lille, was de
stroyed bp tire this morning. The flames
spread to the hospital adjoining the
church, and there was great excitement
when it was seen that the hospital would
be burned. The scenes among the pa
tients were terrible. Those who were con
valescent were hurriedly directed to leave
the building, and the hospital attendants
and others devoted themselves to remov
ing tt.o.se who were nut able to help them
selves.
The cries of the sick were heartrend
ing. Four of the patients, who were
extremely weak, succumbed to fright and
died before they could be taken out. Many
of the sick were received in the convent of
the Little Sisters of the Poor, which is
situated but a short distance from the
scene of the lire.
Ten sappers, who had been ordered to
save the medicines in the hospital, came
across what they thought was a quantity
of schnapps, i'liey each took a drink, and
were almost instantly seized with symp
toms of poisoning.
Physicians at once attended them, but
despite all efforts four of the sappers died
and the others are still suffering agonizing
pain.
It was not until. 7 o'clock this evening
that the fire was mastered. It was caused
by the neglect of some plumbers who had
been employed in the lower part of the
church, and who had either left a burning
brazier or dropped a piece of ignited char
coal.
SAN FRANCISCO, MONDAY MORNING, MARCH 30, 1896.
American Farmer — Why don't you trade with us the way you used to do,
Uncle?
DIED IN DEFENSE
OF HIS HONOR
Social Berlin Is Exercised
Over the Killing of
Zenker.
THE DUEL AT POTSDAM.
Triumph of a Lieutenant Who
Had Wrecked the Law
yer's Home.
SHOTS EXCHANGED FOTJR TIMES
The Surviving Principal Has Surren
dered and Will Be Placed
on Trial.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29.— The
story associated with the duel fought last
Thursday between Lieutenant yon Ketteis
hodt, an officer attached to the imt>erial
yacht Hohenzollern, and Herr Zenker, a
prominent Berlin lawyer and anti-Semite
leader, in which the latter was killed, is
of absorbing interest in social circles,
where the affair is being discussed in
detail. Lieutenant yon Kettelshodt ob
taiDed permission to remain in Germany
when the Hohenzollern started for Genoa,
and it was known among his friends that
his remaining behind was for the purpose
of fighting the duel. Herr Zenker was a
lawyer of large practice and very wealthy.
He married a charming woman, by whom
he had two children.
In the summer of 1894 Frau Zenker met
Lieutenant yon Kettelshodt at Laboe, a
seaside resort near Kiel, and their ensuing
unconcealed friendship aroused Herr Zen
ker's jealousy to so great an extent that
his wife left him is August last and went
to Detmold, taking her two children with
her. Herr Zenker then set to work to find
proofs of her undue intimacy with Lieu
tenant yon Kettelshodt. As Zenker was a
lieutenant in the Landwehr he was en
titled to demand a duel.
The challenge was accepted by yon Ket
telshodt, who, according to his right, chose
the weapons and the terms of their use.
The challenged officer named pistols, Doth
principals to fire until one should be dis
abled.
Several naval officers accompanied yon
Kettelstiodt from Kiel to Potsdam, near
which place the duel was fought. Herr
Zenker wore the uniform of a lieutenant
in the Landwehr, and his brother, a
physician, watched the fight. Shots were
exchanged four times, yon Kettelshodt's
fourth shot piercing Zenker's heart. Yon
Kettleshodt immediately surrendered him
self to a superior officer and will stand
trial.
The episode has greatly touched public
feeling, there being, even in army and
navy circles, a fceline of sorrow at Zenk
er's iate, and the affair will undoubtedly
lead to a widespread agitation against
dueling, too strong for the devotees of the
code to withstand.
THE NEW COLORED WOMAN.
Kills Her Hush, i,,, in Settling the Right
to Run the House.
SPRINGFIELD, Ohio, March 29.—Ar
thur "Wilson, a negro, was shot and killed
this afternoon by his wife/ The only wit
ness to ! the deed was a woman named
Blair, over whom the trouble occurred.
The Blair woman was staying at Wilson's
house against his wishes as the guest of
his wife. Wilson insisted on her leaving
and his wife refused to let her go. Wilson
then took the woman's trunk and started
to leave with it, when his wife drew a re
volver and shot him twice. He died in a
few hour's.
♦ »
A DEATH-DEALING BOWLDER.
Three Persons Killed and Two Injured
by a Rolling Stone.
HINTON, W. Va., March 29.— Three
people were instantly kiiled and two others
seriously injured at Echo, a mining town
forty miles west of here, this morning. A
mass of stone, loosened by the spring
rains, let gu and a huge bowlder rolled
down the mountain side, tearing up coke
ovens and railroad tracks, and finally
crashing through a small frame dwelling
house, with the above result. The killed
are: Jim Tillman, Frank Tillman and
Lucy Law. The names of the injured
could not be learned. Henry Law, an oc
cupant of the house, rushed out and
flagged an eastbound express train, which
was just due, and would have probably
been derailed by the ruined condition of
the track.
A JEALOUS HUSBAND'S DEED.
Shoots His Wife Twice and Then Kills
Himself— The Woman Will Prob
ably Recover.
COLUMBUS, 1 Ohio, March 29. — Fred
Gorrell/aged 22, attempted to kill his wife
this afternoon, and supposing he had suc
ceeded, killed himself.
Gorrell came from Mount Vernon, Ohio,
last fall and married :: the daughter of his
employer, Sylvester, Eggleston, a contract
ing painter. iHe was insanely jealous of
her, and because of quarrels resulting from
this she left him Rome days ago. -■) %'- '
.Gorrell went' to the house of his father
in-law, where his xiiU ; was staying, this
afternoon and .aqked her ,if 'she would go
back and Jive w»*.i \\iva. ■>^ % \ .' '^ i|^§e ■.? 1(
-^«-Bh^ refused arttr Jre drew a revolver
shot her twice. One bullet entered ' her
hip and the other pierced her left breast
just below the shoulder. '' T :'. •_ ."'
Gorrell then snapped the revolver at his
own head repeatedly, but jit would not go
off. He then went to the kitchen . and,
seizing a butcher knife, tried to cut , bis
throat, but' the blade was too dull. " He
then ran to his father-in-law's room and,
securing his razor, cut his throat.. He
made such a desperate stroke at his throat
that the head was almost severed from
the body and he tell dead.
Mrs. Gorrell, notwithstanding the
wounds she received, seems to suffer little
pain and will probably recover.
LOUISE MANFRED'S DEATH
Passing of a Prima Donna Who
Found Favor on This
Coast.
Fatal Ending of an Illness Contracted
Soon After Her Return to
the East.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.— Louise
Manfred, a comic orera prinia donna,
known in private life as Mrs. Charles M.
Pyke, was buried this afternoon in the
Actors' Fund plot at the Cemetery of the
Evergreens.
Mrs. Fyke made her first debut in the
"Two Cads," a comic opera, in 1875. In
1879 she joined the Haverly Comic Opera
foices and made her first appearance in
this city in "Patience."
After three years of traveling she and
her husband went to the Pacific coast,
where for years she was a popular prhna
donna. She returned from the West last
fall to apoear at a theater in this city.
But a few days after her arrival she
was taken ill with an affection of the liver,
which caused her death on Friday. Her
husband and her brother were at her bed
side at the time of her death.
TERRIFIC WINDSSORM.
Two Women Kille<l and Several Injured
at Cl*rrl«ud, Ohio.
CLbVP:LAND, Ohio, March 29.— A ter
rific windstorm, lasting only two minutes,
sprung up about 2 o'clock Sunday morn
ing and created considerable havoc during
its brief existence.
A tew days ago lire broke out in the six
story Kirnball block, on Cedar avenue,
leaving the walls in a totteriny condition.
The storm blew the walla down upon the
dwelling of H. A. Vaughn, 745 Cedar ave
nue, and crushed in the roof, instantly
killing Mrs. Sarah Bradford and Miss
Emma Dietrich, who were in bed asleep.
Mrs. Bradford was asleep in an upstairs
room over the kitchen, on the side next to
the falling wall. The debris crushed upon
her and carried the woman a:id bed down
through the heavy timbers of the floor to
the kitchen below. Five other people
sleeping in the house were injured.
To-night at 8 o'clock the people in the
vicinity of the Kimball block ruins were
thrown into a panic by the fail of another
section of the fire-blackened walls. After
a hurried but complete investigation it
was ascertained that no other buildincrs
had been damaged nor further personal
injuries sustained. At this hour the front
wall, six stories high, is standing without
any support whatever, and a brisk and in
creasing wind is coming straight against
it from the lake. Should it fall outward
the damage to other buildings will be
great; but people have been warned, and
there should be no one hurt by its fall.
NATIVES ADVANCE
ON BULUWAYO.
An Attack Upon the South
African Town Is
Feared.
TWENTY WHITES SLAIN.
- . . . . J i' • . . , ■
■ V .- ■:. ■'{ IJ - ; . \.
Four 'Women Numbered Among
the Fierce Matabeles'
\ ; Victims. >; ?'?,''■' v ;
><^ .«.;% *,'.'• - '.. . f ■ *■** * '.'.V '-J ■%*■ ,*. jVI-i
MUTILATION fOF THE DEAI>.
Their Faces Covered With Grass,
Which Is Then Ignited— '
Sent to the Police.
CAPETOWN, South Africa, March 29.—
A late dispatch from Buluwayo, the prin
cipal town of Matabeleland, said that it
was feared an attack would be made on
that place to-nijrht by the native rebels. A
riisp atch received to-day from Buluwayo,
said that thus far twenty whites have
been killed by the natives.
Sir Hercules Robinson, Governor of
Cape Colony and High Commissioner in
South Africa, has cabled Colonial Secre
tary Chamberlain in London that Captain
Nicholson telegraphs from Buluwayo that
he has 350 rifles and plenty of ammuni
tion. Captain Nicholson believes tnat the
revolt will not spread.
Tne only detachments of the native
police who are known to have certainly
deserted are thirty, who shot Commis
sioner Bently. Another thirty were very
restless and were disarmed, after which
they deserted.
Several of the white settlers, who were
missing and who were supposed to have
been massacred by the natives, have ar
rived at Buluwayo.
Governor Robinson has furnished b
mounted escort to convey 500 rifles be
longing to the British South African Com
pany from Mafeking, on the Transvaal
border, to Buluwayo.
Among the victims of the Matabeles was
a family consisting of husband and wife,
three grown daughters and three sons.
Commissary Bently and other persons
massacred were horribly mutilated. After
death their faces were covered with dried
grass, which was then set on fire, render
ing the features of the victims unrecog
nizable.
RETURNING TO SOUTH AFRICA.
Jomeaon's Troopers to lie-enter the Char
tered Company* Employ.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.-A Her
ald cable from London says: Fifty of "Dr.
Jim's" troopers who returned from Soutn
Africa in the Harloch Castle left Waterloo
station Saturday morning for Southamp
ton to embark on the Lismore for fcouth
Africa, their ultimate destination being
Buiuwayo.
The remainder, numbering 100 troopers,
under the charge of Lieutenant White and
Hcrgeant Steele, left by special train in the
afternoon from Waterloo to join the Mexi
can, the Union boat, which had been kept
back for that purpose.
According to the Evening News the offi
cers stated they are rejoining the service
of the Chartered Company; but are at the
order and disposal of the Government.
BITTER TO WARD GLAND.
Excitement Reneterd at Berlin Became
of the irannvanl Situation.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29. — The
changed situation in the Transvaal has
reawakened the excitement against Eng
land. On all sides the preparations which
the Boers are making to resist England's
encroachments are approved. The con
sensus of opinion in the German press is
that the denial made by Mr. Cha,niberlain
that England had purchased Delagoa Bay
was too vague to suffice, and it is pointed
out In support of this view ihat Mr. Cham
berlain had denied that there had been
negotiations between Great Britain and
Portugal looking to sucn purchase. The
National Zeitung says:
''England cannot suppose that the friend- ,
liness of the German empire toward the
Dongola expedition implies a pledge that
she will remain passive in South Africa."
The Hamburg Correspondenz officially
declares that Germany will adhere to the
declarations made in the Reichstag by
Freiherr Marschall yon Bieberstein.Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, that Germany will
not permit German interests to be en
croached upon.
The Taegliche Rundschau asks: "Has
Germany built up an empire through
blood and iron only to look on while a for
eign nation is setting the German nation
at naught?"
The Weltpolitik says: "The people are
standing before the choice whether to be
the hammer or the anvil. They cry out
that they must be the hammer."
The Vossische Zeitung urges the Gov
ernment to propose that the powers neu
tralize Delagoa Bay and keep the Trans
vaal independent.
An Anti-Boer Propaganda,
LONDON, Exg., March 29.— 1n its issue
to-morrow the Chronicle will denounce
the demand that is growing in certain
English newspapers in favor of sending a
powerful expedition to South Africa. The
Chronicle ascribes the demand to an anti-
Boer propaganda that is being pushed by a
ring of capitalists.
THE CATHODE RAY CHEATED.
Needle Extracted From the Breast of a
Convict Who Swallowed It Forty-
Two Years Ago.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, March 29.— A simple
operation performed in the hospital of the
State Prison this afternoon ends a most
interesting surgical and pathological his
tory. Prison Hospital Surgeon Tharp re
moved from the body of James Morris, a
Federal prisoner, serving a term for coun
terfeiting, a needle which was swallowed
by the patient when he was a boy 11 years
old. As he is now 53 years of age the
needle has been in the body forty-two
years.
In that time it has traveled undoubtedly
through nearly every part of the body be
low the waist. He has made several ap
plications to have the needle removed
since he has been in the prison, but it
could not be located with sufficient ac
uracy. Not long ago it was in his right
knee and he claimed he could feel the
point of it. He suffered great pain from
it all the time. To-day he felt the point of
the needle projecting from his breast just
below the heart. It was an easy matter to
remove it. It was the intention of the
prison physicians to use the cathode ray
in searching for the needle if it had not
been found so soon.
LIGHTNING TYPE-SETTING.
Phenomenal Work in a Match on Lino
■ ■< r -V''' «' ' ' • type Machines.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 29.— Advanced
figures were set here to-day for rapid com
position on linotype machines. Barney
Mensing of the Post-Dispatch and Robert
\V. Francis of the Globe-Democrat ■ com
peted for seven hours for the champion
ship and $200 a side. ' Mensing's total was
74,100 ems and that of Francis 65,800 ems.
These totals, are net, as all corrections
were deducted. /> Mensing's total would
have been larger but for an error by the
timer, who called him off ten minutes be
fore the seven- hours were completed.
Their proofs were good, those of Mensing
especially so. The betting was slightly in
favor of Francis and about $1000 changed
hands; -. . r.-.V!"
freas Attack Upon Sherman.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.— A spe
cial cable to the Herald from Madrid says:
A violent attack upon Senator Sherman is
published in the Imparcial, which calls
him a former slave-trader, and asserts that
he wants the Cuban rebellion to succeed in
order to re-establish slavery in Cuba.
negotiating an Extradition Treaty.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.-A
special cable to the Herald from Rio
Janeiro says; United States Minister
Thompson 1a engaged in negotiating an
an extradition treaty between Brazil and
the United States.
ARMENIA'S PLEA FOR AID
The United States Evangelical
Alliance Recites the Woes
of the People.
Intervention Not Asked For, But ihe
Exsrcise of Moral Pow^r by
the Nations.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29. — The
Evangelical Alliance for the United States
has issued an appeal to the people of this
country in behalf of the sufferers by the
recent Turkish massacres in Armenia.
The document also contains an appeal
from the missionaries. It states:
"An appeal of the most solemn and
impressive character has just been re
ceived, signed by the entire force of the
American missionaries at Harpoot, in the
Turkish empire, imploring sympathy and
moral influence in behalf of the persecuted
Armenian Christians in that empire. The
Aliianee would b2 untrue to its constitu
tion and its history if it did not give earn
est heed to this memorial. It has taken
immediate measures to secure favorable
action from the Sultan of Turkey by the
Government of the United States and by
the various branches of the Alliance
throughout the world.
"In addition to these efforts, the Alliance
herewith spreads before the people of this
country the document received from the
Christian missionaries at Harpoot.
"Does the Christian world know that
this has been and is a clearly defined re
ligious crusade? It is part of the Moslem
creed that men of all other creeds are in
ferior, and the Christian races in this
country have always been treated as such;
and now that the Armenians have sought
for some equality of rights, for greater free
dom from oppression and injustice and for
the protection of person and property, the
Turks have sought to crush them.
"We do not ask for intervention but for
the exercise of such a moral power by the
nations as shall free the poor Christians
from this intolerable yoke. We are con
fident, that if thn representatives of the
Christian governments in Constantinople
were to unite against any further attempt
to renounce the faith which their fathers
have held in the midst of persecution and
oppression from the days of the apostles
to the present time with a persistence al
most as marvelous as that of the Jews,
such a protest would be effectual."
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
TRIES TO POISON
COBURG ORPHANS
Deadly Powders Placed in
the Smith Family's
Larder.
PERSECUTED BY A FIEND
Repeated Attempts to End the
Lives of Four Adopted
Children.
WARNED THAT THEY WILL DIB
Threatening Notes Left by the Un
known Enemy — Dwelling in
Fear of Death.
PORTLAND, Or., March 29. — Mrg.
Hiram Smith and family of Coburg are
the innocent victims of an unknown per
son's hatred and live in daily fear of
death. Repeated attempts have been
made to poison the woman and her chil
dren, and of late the would-be poisoner
has grown bold in his attempts. It is be
lieved he is crazy or has a mania for mur
der.
This person visited the Smith home last
Thursday and left some kind of powder on
the top of the jars of milk. Mrs. Smith
does not know what the powder was, but
believes it was the kind of poison used to
destroy rats and squirrels. On this visit
the poisoner left two notes of threatening
character. On the afternoon of the next
day he again visited the premises and put
another kind of powder on the cream in
the pantry. This substance was of a whit
ish color, looked like soda and tasted like
concentrated lye. On this yisit another
notice was left, as follows:
The ones we want to kill is Hiram Smith,
L. Smith, Mary Smith, Clara Smith. I am
coming again. This is done by one you will
never know. God is building the lire for you
now, d you.
On the days that this note and the poison
were left, Mrs. Smith and her two little
girls were alone at the farm, the young
men — Leet and Hiragi— being absent on
business. Judging from the tone of the
note it appears that the unknown desired,
to take ttie lives of the four orphan chil
dren who live with Mrs. Smith.
Yesterday (he family persecutor again
gained admittance to the premises unseen
by any one and scattered poison ab.mt the
well and in waterins-troughs and in the
grain bin. Thwarted thus far in his efforts
to take the lives of the family, the myste
rious individual now seems determined to
poison the stock on the ranch.
The family lives in constant terror, not
knowing what minute its property may
be destroyed or the lives of its members
taken by. the unseen enemy. The case
has been placed in the hands of officers.
Mrs. Smith is the widow of the late
Hiram Smith, a man who was quite
wealthy and prominent in social and
political life. He owned large tracts of
land below Coburg and at one time was a
candidate for Congress. He has been
dead for a number of years. Mrs. Smith
ia now 78 years old, and lives on a farm
about four miles below Coburg. She has
no children of her own, but adopted four
children who were orphaned by the death
of another adopted son. The first attempt
to poison Mrs. Smith was made about tea
years ago. _______^^_____
Lost Ilia Money and Took f'oiton.
DETROIT, Mich.. March 29.— W. E.
Streibinger of Cleveland, Ohio, committed
suicide at the Randolph House here some
time to-day by taking poison. He left a
note which said that he had lost all of his
money in speculation. He was about 34
old and well dressed.
For Interesting Pacific Coast Tele-
grams See Page 3.
NEW TO-DAY.
more wholesome,
more beautiful, more completely pleasing
than a womanly woman ? Such a woman
is even tempered, intelligent, strong and
healthy. Health really tells the whole
story. Health means strong nerves and
strong bod)', and they go far toward
bringing good looks and amiability.
A woman worn and wearied by the
dragging weaknesses peculiar to her sex,
cannot be expected to find zest in any
duty or amusement. Life is all one dead
monotonous gloom to her. On her face
is written the story of weakness and pain.
The wholesomeness of health is lacking.
The cheeks lack fullness, the eyes laclc
sparkle, the hair lacks luster.
Doctors have learned to locate nine-
tenths of womanly sickness in the organs
that ought above all others to be strong
and healthy.
Sensitive women shudder at the
thought of consulting a physician on
such matters. A natural feeling of mod-
esty makes them dread the examination,
and subsequent stereotyped treatment by
"local applications" on which most
doctors insist.
Much more often than not, this is un-
necessary. It should not be submitted
to except as a last resort.
Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription has
cured thousands of severe cases of "fe-
male weakness." It works in a natural,
sensible way. It begins by subduing the
inflammation that is always present.
Then it strengthens and invigorates the
whole body, particularly the organs dis-
tinctly feminine. It promotes regularity,
cures inflammation and ulceration, and
stops the debilitating drain caused by
them. Of all dealers.2
GERMANY'S POLICY
TOWARD RUSSIA
Cause of Kaiser William's
Visit to the King
of Italy.
INTRIGUES OF THE CZAR
The Dreibund Alarmed at His
Success in Bulgaria and
Turkey.
OVATIONS TO THE WAR-LORD.
Genoa and Naples Give the Imperial
Party an Enthusiastic
Greeting.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29.— The im
perial rarty in its visit to Italy Ifl accom
panied by a large ami distinguished suite.
Among tho>e attached to the Emperor are
General yon Flessen, Colonel Engelbrecht
and three aids-decamp; Admiral yon
Senden-Bibran, chief of the Emperor's
marine staff; Count yon Eulenourg, grand
marshal of the court; Baron yon Kiderlen-
Waechter, German Minister to Denmark
and a close contidanp of the Kaiser, and
Dr. Luitpol-i. Among the attendants
of the Empress are two chamberlains and
two ladies of honor, and the young Princes
are accompanied by three tutors.
Court Pastor Drysander is also with the
party for the purpose of officiating at the
religious duties of holy week and Court
Painter Bohrdt will make sketches of the
coasts of Italy and Sicily, which will after
ward be produced in pictures commenio
:u'ive of the trip.
Leaving Naples on March 31, on board
the imperial yacht Hohenzollern, the Em
peror and Empress, with their suites, will
sail for Palermo. They will sojourn five
days in Sicily and sail thence to Venice,
where a meeting wiil take place between
the Kaiser and King Humbert, the com
munications between Prince Hoheniohe,
the German Chancellor and the Marquis
di Ruaini, Italian Minister, in regard to
the presence of the German Emperor in
Italy, having resulted in the two nion
archs deciding upon having a conference
alone. Queen Margherita will accom
pany King Humbert and will receive the
Empress. During the three days of the
stay of the imperial party in Venice the
King and Queen of Roumania will join
the imperial and royal party. After the
interview between the Kaiser and King
Humbert the Emperor will start for
Vienna, where he wiil be joined by Prince
Hoheniohe.
The official pres? has received instruc
tions to rumiir.ize the importance of these
conferences and to state that Prince Ho
heniohe in going to Austria for the pur
pose of attending the marriage of his
niece, and that his meeting with the Em
peror here is a mere coincidence, the im
perial visit to Austra and the marriage of
the Chancellor's niece being synchronous
events. It is impossible, however, to di
vest the Kaiser's trip of the important
fact that his Ma jesty will meet successively
three monarchs who are his allies—meet
ings which certainly have some signifi
cance. It is believed here that the
conferences do not relate to a renewal of
the Dreibund, that being already secured,
but rather to the Kaiser's policy toward
Russia, whose successful diplomacy in
Bulgaria ana dominance of Turkey have
created feelings of great anxiety at the
Austrian and Roumanian courts, to the
Kiny of Roumania especially, that mon
arch being somewhat uneasy as to the
prudence of his entente with the Drei
bund, in view of Russia's attitude.
The enthusiastic reception given to the
Emperor in Italy is largely due to his own
tact. Previous to his arriving in Genoa
his Majesty ordered the band of marines
on board the Hohonzollern, which was
awaiting him at Genoa, to give a concert
for the benefit of the Italian soldiers who
were wounded at the battle of Adowa, in
Abyssinia, the entertainment realizing a
large sum. The Kaiser also directed
Prince Henry of Prussia to visit the
wounded who were being treated in the
hospital in Naples the day before he him
self arrived there, and another concert
will be given by the Marine band in
Naples, where the Emperor's popularity
has readied a phenomenal intensity of en
thusiasm.
SOCIALIST CELEBRATION.
Seventieth Anniversary of Liebknecht' a
ISirth Observed.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29.— The
seventieth birthday of Herr William Lieb
knecht, the Socialist leader, was celebrated
to-day with unusual ceremony, the cele
bration being participated in by all of the
Socialist deputies in the Reichstag, theSo
cial^t members of the Berlin municipality
and the officials of the Socialist party.
A grand banquet was held, at which 150
covers were laid, and the chair in which
Herr Liebknecht sat was garlanded with
roses. The Socialist group in the Reich
stag presented tneir venerable leader with
a bronze votive medal inscribed, "To their
senior, Wiihelm Liebknecht, on his seven
tieth birthday, from the Socialist Demo
crats in the German Reichstag." Herr
Singer toasted Herr Liebknecht as "a sol
dier in the struggle for the liberation of
humanity," and compared their dignified
celebration of his natal day with the war
jubilee and drunkenness of the German
bourgeoisie.
The Vonvaerts urges the Socialists and
the working people generally to celebrate
May day prudently and calmly, and only
to cease work on that day where it is pos
sible to do so without a danger of collision
with the authorities and the employers.
The lone of the article is a vast advance in
moderation as compared with the old cry
of a universal strike demonstration.
MARSHAL VON BLUMENTHAL ILL.
fears That the Aged Warrior Will Aot
Recover Health.
BERLIN, Germant, March 29. — The
aged Count Leonhard yon Blumenthal,
field marshal, general-in-chief of the gen
eral staff of the Prussian army, is seri
ously ill with bronchitis. At his advanced
age (he will be 86 on July 10) it is feared
that he may not recover. Ex- Era press
Frederick sends Count yon Zeckendorff,
grand master of the ex-Empress' court,
daily to inquire a3 to the old soldier's con
dition, and has ordered frequent bulletins
to be wired her.
Want* of the bilesian Centrist*.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29. — The
Congress of Silesian Centrists held last
week resolved to demand that the Chan
cellor revise the German commercial trea
ties and increase tariff. The congress
passed resolutions favoring bimetallism,
and declaring that if the majority of the
Center party in the Reichstag did not|sup
port that system the Silesian Centrists
would organize a Catholic section of the
Agrarian League.
AN ACTIVE LIFE ENDED.
William H. Starbuek Diet in New Tork
of Heart Trouble.
NEW YORK, N.Y., March 29.— William
H. Starbuck died at his residence in this
city this morning of an attack of heart
trouble. He was 69 years old and started
business as a clerk in Boston in 1851.
Three years later he came to New York,
and in connection with J. Nelson Tanpan,
formerly City Chamberlain, established
the firm of Starbuck tfc Tappan, commis
sion merchants. In 1862 he started in
business for himself and became a large
ship-owner.
In 1879 he became associated with Henry
Viliard in connection with the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company and the
completion of the Northern Pacific Rail
road. In 188S he became president of the
Housatonic Railroad, which position he
heid until 1892, being also a director in the
New York and New England road. In
that year he took the Oregon Improve
ment Company out of a receiver's hands
and became its president, which position
he held until last June, when he retired
from active business life. He leaves a
widow and two sons.
RUN OVER AND KILLED.
A Hop's Shocking Death Drives Hit
Mother Jnsane.
. DANVILLE, Ind., March 29.— Through
freight 99 of the Big Four ran over and in
stantly killed the 12-year-old son of E. F.
Moore this morning. The boy had jumped
on the train to ride to the switch and in
getting off fell under the car. His mother
has gone insane and it is feared she will
not recover.
lilexsed Is the I'pnretnaker.
HUNTINGTON, W. Va., March 29.— A
number of miners were drinking and gam
bling atElkhorn last night. Several fights
occurred in the town, resulting' in two
deaths. James Davis was killed while try
ing to restore peace among his frienas.
Lizzie Grady was killed by N. E. Former
without any provocation. The woman
was sitting quietly in her restaurant when
the desperado shot her. Former is still a
large.
DEAD MEN TELL NO TALES
Oliver Pike Killed Because He
Knew of Murders in
an Asylum.
Similar Fate of His Companion— They
Were Clubbed to Death Three
Years Ago.
CHICAGO, 111., March 29.— According
to the story of William Doriot, who ar
rived in Chicago to-day, Oliver Pike, the
young man who was found in a trunk iv
Austin Thursday night, was beaten in the
head three years ago by men who thought
he knew of murders said to have been .
committed in an asylum at Steilacoom, a
village but a few miles distant from Se
attle.
He came west from Fulton, 0., at the so
licitation of a schoolboy companion, Sha
dle, who was then superintendent of the
asylum at Steilacoom. Pike worked at the
asylum for many a year, when of a sudden
he packed his gripsack and went to work
for a laundry.
During this time the young man, who
was an eye-witness to many outrages at
the institution, wrote letters to his mother,
who lives at Fulton, Ohio, in which he tola
in detail the unnatural scenes he had be
held at the asylum.
It is more "than three years ago that
young Pike ceased to write letters to
Ohio. When his silence elicited inquiries
from the old homestead his school com-
panion wrote to the missing boy's mother
that he feared that Oliver had been killed,
because of his knowledge of the crimes at
the asylum.
Young Pike died in February, 1393. In
March of the same year his companion
vanished mysteriously. He, too, knew of
the gruesome work at the asylum.
When a description of the dead man
found in the trunk by the two Germans at
Austin was printed in the Cincinnati
papers, Doriot, who is quite old and who
had marveled at the silence of his nephew,
was convinced that the cadaver was that
of Oliver Pike.
FATAL FIRE IN NEW YORK
Three Persons Suffocated and
One Leaps to Her Death
From a Window.
A Fireman Knocked From a Ladder
While Attempting the Rescue
of Two Women.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.— four
persons were killed and two injured early
this morning in a fire at 374 Hudson
street.
The buildiDg is a three-story brick house
used for dwelling and Btore purposes.
The upper two floors sheltered four fam
ilies. The dense smoke deterred some
of the tenants from descending the stair
ways. Miss Margaret Ryan, sixty years
old, with a companion, Miss Kate Hig
gins, ran to a window. A fireman in as
cending a ladder to rescue the woman was
knocked off by a burst of flame shooting
from a second-story window and was
badly injured, l'he women then became
hysterical. Miss Ryan leaping from the
window.
She fell on the sidewalk, breaking her
back, and died on the way to a hospital in
an ambulance. Her companion fell out of
the window and broke her leg.
The nremen could not rescue everyone
in the building, owing to the immense
quantities of smoke. After the fire had
been extinguished three bodies were found
of people who had been suffocated. They
were Mary McMahon, 22 years old;
Thomas Mallory, 23 years old, a fireman
on the steamer St. Louis, and Archibald
Grogan, 35 year? old. Their bodies were
not burned. The damaee amounted to
|10,000. the building being almost en
tirely destroyed.
YACHTING AT NICE.
Th c Stephanie Defeat* the Ailsa on Time
A llowanee.
NICE, Fbance, March 29.— There were
twenty-three starters in the yacht race
here to-day for the Prix d'Honnaur.
Among the large yachts the Britannia was
the only absentee. The Ailsa crossed the
finishing line first and was followed by
the Satanita, Stephanie and Sapphire.
The Stephanie was awarded the race on
time allowance. The Ailsa was second
and the Sapphire third.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
BUTCHERY IN AN
OHIO VILLAGE
The Most Atrocious Crime
in the History of the
State.
DONE AFTER MIDNIGHT.
An Aged Couple, Two Daughters
and a Hired Man Are
the Victims.
CLTJBBED AND KNIFED IN BED.
Awful Story of a Girl Who Escaped'
The Community Frantic— Trailing
With Bloodhounds.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 29.— At 1
o'clock this morning the most fiendish
deed that has ever claimed entrance to the
criminal history of Ohio wag perpetrated
near Tallmadge, a village five miles north
of Akron.
Alvin Stone, aged 69, and his wife, aged
C>2, while asleep at their home, were bru
tally murdered by a fiend, who literally
beat their heads to pieces, after which'
numerous knife- thrusts were made into
the bodies of the dead; Two daughters—
Hattie, aged 29, Emma, aged 27, and the
family man-servant, A. F. Stilson, were
also attacked. All three of these are
fatally injured and lie unconscious and
bleeding at the home, awaiting death.
They had been beaten about the head with
a blunt instrument, which of itself must
have been large and of great weight.
Alvin Stone and his wife were members
of the wealthiest and most prominent
families in Northeastern Ohio. The object
of the murderous assault on the family
was not robbery, as numerous articles of
value, including the two gold watches of
the aged couple, which were on the bed
room dresser, were not taken. The crime
is shrouded in mystery and the whole
county is agitated. The only suspicion
as yet rests on one John Smith, who is
employed at Edward Parker's blacksmith
shop, near the Stone homestead, on the
Kent road. Smith was discharged by
Alvin Stone two weeks ago. The former
was a chores man about the place. The
two men had very angry words, and Smith
departed in great anger. He is now under
police surveillance.
One member of the family alone escaped
injury — Flora, the youngest daughter,
aged 16. She is laboring under intense
nervous excitement, but was able, between
tears and hysterical sobs, to tell what she
knew of the affair. The old folks, she said,
occupied a chamber on the lower floor.
Hattie and Flora slept upstairs, Emma
across the hall, and the hired man at the
rear of the hallway on the same floor. At
about 1 o'clock this morning Flora says
she heard an agonizing scream from
Emma. She jumped from bed and open
ing the door started to cross the hall.
Hattie followed her. Flora, turning be
fore she entered Emma's room, the door
of which was open, saw a masked man
strike Hattie over the head with what
looked like a crowbar. Hattie with a
groan fell senseless to the floor, while
Flora in terror ran back to her room and
hid under the bedclothes. ■
Hattie, who is a woman of remarkable
vitality, despite her frightful injury, arose,
and, going into Psora's room, asked her
to throw something over her head. Flora
was too frightened to move. Hattie left
her room, and, entering that of her sister,
noticed the window was open and that a
ladder reached up to it from the ground.
She wrapped a quilt around her and went
down the ladder, running to Charles Sack
ett's farm, a quarter of a mile away,
where she told her story and collapsed.
Two of the Sacketts hurried to the Stone
house, while another summoned a physi
cian. When they arrived the house was
pitch dark. The side door was open. En
tering the room occupied by the old folks,
they were confronted by the horribly
mutilated bodies of the father and mother.
Emma was found unconscious on the
floor of her bedroom. She bad been
struck a fearful blow over the forehead,
and still lies as one dead. The hired man
was found in his room in the same condi
tion. He had also been struck over the
forehead. Flora was found under the bed
clothes in speechless fright.
In a few minutes the whole neighbor
hood for miles around was aroused and
hundreds assembled about the Stone
homestead. The rage of those who for so
many years had lived with and loved the
amiable, honest Stone family knew no
bounds. The Akion police department
was' notified and Detective Dunn, Marshal
Mason, Sheriff Griffin and First Deputy
Hart hurried to the scene. They arrived
at 9 o'clock. They found what appeared
to be tracks of a man leaving the siaedoor,
which was found open, and ending at the
road. The rain which had steadily poured
all night had, however, obliterated the
tracks along the road. Bloodhounds were
were put into service, but they could do
nothing owing to the rain.
The impression seems to be that Smith
is not the right man and committees are
organizing this evening to scour the coun
try in every direction. From all the in
dications of those who are starting to hunt
down the murderer it is idle to attempt a
forecast of what will happen if he is cap
tured. There is but one fate in store for
him if he falls into the hands of the citi
zens who are looking for him, aided by
bloodhounds.
This evening a strong clew leads toward
Ravenna, where a strange horse and bug
gy was left by an unknown man who
acted very suspiciously.
GROWING EXCITEMENT.
Young Smith* Innocence Is Established.
An Important Clew.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, March 29.-In Ak
ron, Kent. Cuyaho^ra Falls, Tallmadge
and the surrounding territory, the excite
ment over the atrocious murders at the
latter place grows apace.
Young Frank Smith, who was held in
surveillance by the police, was released at
Tallmadge to-night. This deepens the mys
tery. Smith was subjected to a time-hon
ored and awesome ordeal. Accompanied
by the police and townsfoiks he was
brought to the Stone homestead and con
fronted with the appalling sight of the
mutilated dead.
The young man did not qnail. Tears
came to his eyes and he asked in a voice
of pathos that touched all the beholders
of the scene: "Could you people who have
known me for years think me guilty of
the blood of these good old people?"
His employers and others testified that
he was in bed at the time of the murders.
It was the consensus of opinion among
the police and villagers that Smith was
guiltless and he was set at liberty.
The United Press reporters in making in
vestigations among the neighbors to-night
unearthed a clew which may eventually
throw light upon the crime.
It was ascertained that some three years
ago Aivin Stone was mainly instrumental
in bringing to justice a horsethief, who
had plied his nefarious vocation in Tall
madge. The thief was sentenced to three
years in the penitentiary. It is said by
the neighbors that he threatened that
When released he would nevsr rest until
his vengeance on the Stone family was
satisfied. His name is Anton Strong.
Descriptions of the suspect have been sent
out broadcast. The Cleveland department
has been notified to loot for him. Ly.ich
ing is uppermost in everybody's mind.
NOT TO BE RECALLED.
False Sews Telegraphed From Const an
tinople to London.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 29.— The
Turkish legation to-day received the fol
lowing telegram from the Turkish Minister
of Foreign Affairs:
The news telegraphed to the London Times
about the Turki-m legation of Washington be
ine false you may contradict it.
.The above undoubtedly refers to the dis
patch from Constantinople to the effect
that Mavroyeni Bey, the Turkish Minister
to this country, and his secretary were to
be recalled.
WORK BEFORE CONGRESS
Matters for the Consideration of
Both Branches During
This Week.
Believed the House Will Agree to the
Senate Resolutions on the
Cuban Question.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 2!).— lt is
expected that consideration of the sundry
civil appropriation bill will be the first
business of the House this week. The
radical changes made by the bill will
doubtless cause much discussion, and sev
eral days may be spent over it. The re
duction of the appropriation for continu
ing contracts on river and harbor work
and public buildings in course of construc
tion to a basis of eight months' operations,
on the theory that the remainder of the
year can be provided for at the next ses
sion of Congress, will be attacked by the J
Democratic members of the Committee on !
Appropriations. Other provisions not so
radical will also be the subject of criti
cism, but no serious addition to the total i
carried in the bill is anticipated.
When the sundry civil bill has been
gotten out of the way, Hitt will call up
the conference report on the Cuban ques
tion, which recommends that the House
aeree to the Senate resolutions.
The coming week in the Senate will be
devoted to the consideration of appropria
tion bills and routine businees. The bill
to approve the compromise between the
United States and the State of Arkansas,
which has been the unfinished business
for two weeks but which has not been
passed, will be considered to-morrow.
There appears to be little hope of ita pas
sage, and there likewise appears to be a
disposition to devote to-morrow only to its
consideration.
The postoffice bill will be laid before the
full committee to-morrow and an effort
made to report to the Senate during the
day. If this is done it will be called up in
the Senate Tuesday.
The Indian and naval bills are btfore
the Committee on Appropriations, and it
is believed that the Indian bill will be re-
Dorted before the week is out, although
the House's action relative to the appro
priation" for Indian schools is likely to
cause some debate in committee.
After the postoffice bill is disposed of
the Senate will probably renew the dis
cussion on Cannon's resolution, directing
the Secretary of the Interior to obey the
law opening the Uncompahgre Reserva
tion to settlement. This, several days ago,
was made the unfinished business after
the Arkansas matter should be disposed
of.
The bill to protect fur seals from exter
mination is demanding attention, and an
effort will be made to get it up. The re
mainder of the week will be probably de
voted to consideration of bills on the cal
endar.
FOR CALIFORNIA MINERS
They Will Be Well Provided
For by the Fifty-Fourth
Congress.
Good Work of Representatives Her*
mann of Oregon and Hooker
of New York.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 29.— The
miners of California are to be well taken
care of by the Fifty-fourth Congress. The
San Joaquin is to receive the aid sought for
it by Major Corcoran and others who came
to Washington in its behalf, and the Sac
ramento and its navigable tributaries are
to receive extended aid. Among other
items, the Committee on Rivers and Har
bors has agreed to recommend the appro
priation of $250,000 for the construction of
constraining works for the protection of
the Sacramento and Feather rivers, as
recommended by the California Debris
Commission.
It is also proposed to create a Sacra
mento River commission, to take charge
of the Sacramento and its navigable
branches and thus provide for scientific
and methodical treatment of those rivers,
in fact, California will fare better at the
hands of the present Committee on Rivers
and Harbors than for many years past
Although California has no member on
the committee she has a loyal and active
friend in Representative Hermann of
Oregon, who has been a member of the
committee for many years, and who has
been largely instrumental in securing the
splendid recognition which California has
received. The chairman of the commit
tee, Mr. Hooker of New York, has also
shown decided friendship for California.
The committee expect to make their final
report on Tuesday in the shape of a river
and harbor bill in the usuai manner.
ROBERT KNEERS' RELEASE.
Due to the Fact That a Subordinate
Judge Suppressed Evidence.
BERLIN, Germany, March 29.-The
action of the high court at Leipsic in
quashing the conviction of Robert Kneebs,
the American horseman who was recently
tried on the charge of "ringing 1 ' the mare
Bethel under the name of Nellie Kneebs
on the German trotting course, was due to
the fact that the court found that fifty-one
witnesses, chiefly Americans, had tendered
their testimony to the defense and had not
been heard by the lower court. The high
court, therefore, quashed the judgment
against Kneebs and ordered a new trial,
pending which time Kneebs will remain
in prison.
IOWA'S GOVERNOR
TALKS ALLISON
Says There Is No Doubt
of His Nomination for
the Presidency.
M'KINLEY'S PROSPECTS.
The Ohioan Will Lead All Other
Candidates on the First
Few Ballots.
THEN LOOK FOR A STAMPEDE.
The Hawkeye Senator, Being Every
body's Second Choice, Is Bound
to Win.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 29.-Gov
ernor Francis M. Drake of lowa came on
to New York yesterday afternoon
after the successful launching of the
battleship called after the State of
which he is at present the Executive.
When asked about the prospects of Re
publican Presidential candidates in the
West, and particularly whether McKinley's
ultimate strength would be as great as it
now seems probable that it would be, the
Governor replied :
"I think McKinley will lead all other
candidates, not only on the first ballot,
but also on the second and third ballots.
After that I think his strength will begin
to recede, and the nomination will pass to
Allison."
"Then you think there is no chance of
the nomination of McKinley on the first
ballot?" asked the reporter.
"Not the slightest," said Governor
Drake. "A good many delegations which
have already been secured for McKinley
have been got by hustling—"
"Manipulation?" interrupted the re
porter.
"Well, in a sense, you might call it
that," replied the Governor. "I am
convinced that the prevalent feel
ing of the States west of the Mississippi
is in favor of Allison, though the dele
gates from Minnesota, Nebraska and South
Dakota have been secured for McKinley.
But as soon as they give him a ballot or
two they will break up and leave him.
"One great chance that Allison has of
getting the nomination is that he is every
body's second choice. Every one knows
that Allison is fur sound money and lowa
i has already passed sound money resolu
tions."
"What do you mean by sound money ?"
asked the reporter.
"Well, I mean that we shall use all the
silver which it is possible for the Govern
i ment to redeem in gold, but no more.
JWe have already reached the limit,
|of silver coinage which it is
| possible to keep at a par with
gold as it is.» I have no doubt but
that the Republican National Convention
I will adopt a sound-money platform in ac
! cordance with the views which I have just
expressed."
"\Vhat about the silver States?" asked
the reporter.
"They will cut no figure in the next Re
publican convention, " said the Governor
somewhat contemptuously. "The free
silver Republicans will go over into the
Populist camp and leave the field clear for
sound money delegates to be sent to the
Republican National Convention."
DEMOCRATIC HUMOR.
Quaint ltesolution Adopted at the t'.x-
pense of the President.
St. Louis, Mo., March 29.— Democratic
conventions were held yesterday in five
counties of Missouri and each of them
passed free silver resolutions. In Madison
county the following resolution was offered
in jest, but was taken seriously and passed
without dissent:
Ratolved, That ive'consrratulate our weighty
chief executive, Hon. Grover Cleveland, upon
his newly acquired reputation as a successful
duck hunter and that we greatly regret he has
not given more time to waging an unsparing
war upon the flocks of threatening and dan
gerous mallard, sprig, teal and canvasbacka,
»iud less time to co-operating with foreign
money-lenders for increasing the bonded in
debtedness of an already overburdened people
by additional issues of interest bearing bonds
payable only in gold.
The counties demanding free silver are
Bollinger, Osage, Madison, Ray and
Marion.
AN ADDRESS TO DEMOCRATS.
Celebration of the Birthday of Jefferson
I* Proposed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 29— The
following address was issued here to-day:
To the National Association of Democratic
Clubs: Inasmuch as the Democratic party,
when all its members are in hari.iony support
ing the principles upon which it was founded—
strict construction, equal taxes, with economy
and simplicity of administration—undoubt
edly commands the confidence of a great ma
jority of the American people, we especially
urge upon the Democratic organizations affil
iated with the National Association to im
Spring
Is the cleansing season, and it is the time to see j
that your blood is pure, rich and full of vitality. j
To purify, vitalize and enrich the blood, take i
Hood's
Sarsaparilla ;
Be sure to get Hood's and only HOOD'S, j j
Hood's Pills cure Liver Ills; easy to take, ■
M J easy to operate. ; 25c. ■ • -.-; .-,
WjD dailv^X
JaPfcv SPECIAL
f Anderson" s -Apple Butter, ©
Iy . 2-113. Tin 100. & ,
foi '"Smith's Weekly" "tells all about the vO ;
LIB Specials. Removal Salenow In progress. sgv ; .'• '■
Ml Freight i prepaid 100 miles and over. &A -
v J<jjS { Smith's Monthly Catalogue free i'orpos- ?]£?■■ ;
\m - Smiths' Cash Store, ;•!» ;
\M 414,416, 418 FRONT ST., S.F. 'v
L^J Largest Bepartiu't Store west of Chicago On
©®®®©®®®©©®
prove the opportnnity of general recurrence
to those sacred doctrines, as taught by the
founder, in some common and solemn celebra
tion of birthday of the Thomas Jefferson, and
thus renewing our faith and demonstrate that
upon all essentials organized Democrats
throughout the Union are in sound accord.
While the Democratic societies in various
parts of the country shall on that day be dem
onstrating their devotion to the fundamental
principles of our great party and honoring the
immortal name of its father in the manner
most agreeable to themselves, the President of
the United States, the Cabinet, Democratic
Senators and members and many distinguished
leaders have been invited to accompany the
officers and executive committee of the
National Association of Democratic Clubs la
an excursion to the tomb of the great apostle
of American liberty, there to revive and re
assert what all our history proves, that in the
strict observance of the principles of the Dem
ocratic party as defined and illustrated by Jef
ferson lies the only security of government at
once free and pure.
At Monticello an address will be delivered by
ex-Governor Russell, one of the most promi
nent Democratic citizens of Massachusetts, to
which there will be a response by Senator John
W. Daniel on behalf of Virginia. The execu
tive committee will welcome to this excursion
and ceremony representation from any or all
the Democratic clubs in the Union.
Chauncey F. Black. President.
Benton McMillan, Chairman
pro tern. Executive Committee.
Lawrence Gardiner, Secretary.
CONVICTS MUTINY.
Warm Reception to the &eii> Warden of
Kentucky's Penitentiary-
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 29.— There
was a mutiny in the Frankfort peniten
tiary yesterday, but it was promptly sup
pressed by Warden Neil. He resigned
from the Senate a few days ago to accept
his new position, and assumed charge of
the penitentiary yesterday.
The 1180 convicts selected yesterday as
an opportune time to overawe him, but
they failed utterly. When the prisoners
came out for rollcall yesterday morning
they Looted and cried and several fights
with bricks and knives obtained from the
chair-factory took place. Then two women
convicts engaged in a fierce hand-to-hand
encounter.
Marshal Blair, a desperate negro, at
tempted to head the outbreak. He was
seized by the guards and taken to the
Warden's oihee. He was impudent to
Warden Neil and refused to allow the
guard to tell his story. Warden Neil
thereupon ordered him soundly thrashed.
This weakened Blair. The news of the
Warden's action spread, and the dining
room, which had been a scene of disorder,
became quiet at once.
To add to the excitement of the day
Warden Neil discovered that William
Shearer, one of the night guards who had
charge of the female department of the
prison, had been guilty of a serious of
fense. He was at once discharged. He
was appointed only two months ago.
— ♦
bicindled a iVidotv.
VERSAILLES, Ky., March 29.— New |
and startling charges are be»n|» brought |
against William Shipp, defaulting cashier |
of the defunct Midway Deposit Bank. It
developed to-day that he secured powtr
of attorney a month, since ironi Mrs. i
Oscar Taylor, a widow, to transfer $27,000 j
of stock she owned in the Bank of Com- '
merce of Louisville to a building and loan |
association of which Shipp was a director. \
Sbipp sold the stock, it is alleged, appro- !
priating the money to his own use and j
gave the widow nothing.
The total shortage of ex-Cashier Shipp !
and ex-Bookkeeper Charles Stone with the i
bank and individuals has now grown to
$75,000 and many believe that the end is
not yet reached.
NEW TO-DAY.
sPRiNa rw
CLOTHES JL
READY. if\\
Our stock of Men's and Young Men's \Jj \ ii r I
Spring Suits, Overcoats and Trousers, /\\ J
the most extensive : and the most clef ' \^V w
gant we ever produced. The colorings, ' I \ %
the patterns, the styles are entirely new. rrjt h \ |i j
Notwithstanding the protestations of \V\f. |j!\ \[y
these howling bargain advertisers — we jvri
claim our $8 50, $9, $9 50 and $10 VI
Suits to be better in quality, better in 1 I\ j
style and better in make than any you I \A>
see advertised or sold elsewhere at $10, IJ *a
$12 50 and $15. &*
ITEMS: ROV^'
Spring Derbys, all shapes, $1 50, $2 50. *—^ V/ I *—'
Do you know our 50c Neckwear? . m y T Y~^* (~*
• Fancy Percale Shirts-$l. $1 50. i. II 1 I M |-< W
Bicycle Suits, $6 50 to $20. *-* V^- m. a H *-*'**-'
Toppy Top Coats, $10 to $40. nrAm , T'^V/^V
Fauntleroy Shirt Waists— 4sc, 65c, 90c. Ivtl/VDY 1 UU.
■— -»■ 44- -d»-iik "VVW"*^ The most "acting care in the
ITIII 8 1 111 I ■■ selections of the woolens, the fore-
'l*ll Ii Ml II 1^ thought of honest workmanship
1 II I' 111 I %% are all contained in our Boys'
111 l_i lILI II Clothes. Our clothes for Children
; /^^! r **•■ *^^^ I are of the customer-keeping order.
Our Boys' Clothes must wear or
CORNER • money back if you want it.
. Boys' Suits $2 50, $3, $3 50 up to
IffIIRNYAiiriSnTTFR *° No special sale goods .
JVUnUII 1 UUU UU 1 lull c&- Special care to out-of-town orders.
; LEA & PERKINS' I
» . - . ©
» SIGNATURE /v^^^>^ §
I (^^ printed in " TS^ffi, } P
I BLUE, diagonally v c
i across the OUTSIDE wrapper of every bottle of
t b^m p-^mi Tg^BIMIIMMIIIIMHMIMiiMMMJMMHBMiJumjiMii ■■■■■ i aw ;
a ■ hM "ByinHHfTßr^^ **^ S^TS^^^iT^^^H^yS^^^M fmW JsJb nJ| ®
' , The Original and Genuine WORCESTERSHIRE, as a further pro- f
I; tection against all imitations. { 5
Agents for the United States. JOHN DUNCAN'S SONS , N. Y. ©
ygg^DEWEV Aco^eJS^-. NOTARY PUBLJc~~~
,"PATENTSI f) NOTARY PUBLIC. y o P a p »
patents! x) o?.vss B noV^k^ as^
'■■■■■■'■■■■■■■■■■■■fcrGFA^ site Palace Hotel. Reslden •<■• 1620 F*l g t . TelS
220 MARKET S.T.S.F^^y phone 670. Ke.id.Do. t^cpboat. »pi» 85t1."
TRAGEDY IN ARKANSAS.
An Insane Man Brains His Wife
and Child and Cuts His
Own Throat.
Failing Health and Visions of Family
Distress Had Unbalanced His
Mind.
ROGERS, Ark., March 29.— One of the
most horrible tragedies ever enacted in
this part of the country occurred at the
home of Pulnski Duckworth, five miles
west of this place, about 10 o'clock this
morning. Duckworth, who was an honor
able and respected citizen, and who had
always shown extreme love and care for
his family, while temporarily insane,
killed his wife, fatally wounded his five
year-old daughter and then cut his throat,
dying instantly.
He struck his wife two blows with the
blade of an ax across the forehead, laying
her skull wide open. The woman seemed
to have been struck first while standing.
The blow struck near the center of the
forehead and ranged downward.
The second blow took effect also in the
forehead and ranged diagonally across,
indicating that she was struck after falling
to the floor. The murderer then plunged
the bloody ax into the scalp of his five
year-old girl, laying her brain bare.
Leaving his victims writhing in their
blood, Ducksvorth went intoanother room,
and standing by me bed, cut hi* throat
with an ordinary pocket-knife, the blade
being exceedingly dull. Both jugular veins
were severed and death resulted imme
diately.
The little girl is vet alive, but her death
is expected at any hour.
The family consisted of Duckworth, his
wife, who was about to again become a
mother, and two little girls, aged seven
and hve years respectively.
The elder of the little "girls, on her re
turn from Sunday-school, was horrified to
find the bodies of her mother and sister
lying on the floor and writhing, and with
out looking for her father she ran to the
house of a neighbor about a mile away for
assistance.
For some time Duckworth had been de
spondent over his failing health. He had
just passed the meridian of life, his
strength had given way and he feared that
he would soon be unable to provide for his
family. He brooded over this until his
mind became unbalanced, and rather than
see his loved one? suffer the pangs of hun
ger he committed the awful deed.
GROWING TREASURY DEFICIT.
It mil Jicach Ten Millions A.oor<s car
lisle'a Estimate.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 29.—
With two days of March Jeft, the Govern
ment receipts for the month have only
reached $24,000,000. They are not likely
to exceed $26,000,000 for the entire month.
The low receipts have been very disap
pointing to Treasury officials, who have
been trying to persuade themselves that
business, which is reflected in Government
receipts, was materially improving. The
deficit for the year to date is $18,000,000.
In April heavy interest payments come
due, and at the present ratio of receipts
the deficit at the end of the riscal year may
approximate $27,000,000. Secretary Car-JOHNSON DEFIES
FRESNO'S WRATH
The Evangelist Returns to
the City Despite All
Warnings.
THREATS AGAIN HEARD.
Indignation Runs High When
His Presence Is Made
Known.
DEPUTY SHERIFFS IN CHURCH.
Authorities Guard Against a Demon
stration—Angry Meetings on
All Sides.
FRESNO, Cau, March 20.— Fresno was
on the verge of another uprising to-night.
Evangelist Johnson, who a few evenings
ago was requested by a committee of citi
rens to leave the city ami never return,
came in from his rural retreat this fore
noon and participated in the services at
the K-su.-t -i Methodist Church to the ex
tent of offerin- up :i prayer. The public
had settled down to the conviction that
the community was fairly rid of Johnson,
and, therefore, little attention was paid to
the rumor yesterday that he would at
tend and take part in the services to-day.
Johnson availed himself of this calm.
Depnty sheriffs were distributed through
the audience during the services, but all
passed off quietly and orderly. Few
persons aside from the membership knew
of Johnson's presence in the city, so that
up to 7:30 o'clock no demonstration of
any kind was made. But this evening
there were angry mutterings, and John
son's name was coupled with threats in
every place where men congregated. Not
until the evangelist retired to the home of
some parishioner and the lights in the
residences began to disappear did the
excitement subside. Even Johnson's
friends pronounce his course in returning
as foolhardy. If any violence is done all
agree that he would be wholly to blame.
Rev. George Mcrse of Pasadena, who is
a wealthy champion of Johnson's cause,
preached the sermon in the church this
forenoon. The official board of the
K-street Church, wherein Johnson pro
claimed his libel on the daughters of
Fresno, published an address to the public
in this morning's Republican. It isatem
perate and well-worded document. It
deprecates the unfortunate affair, and
claims that its authors were the very rirst
to brand Johnson's offensive statement as
false and that further consideration of the
offense was under discussion when the af
fair reached the public through the press.
There were no personal signatures to this
address.
Johnson, it is learned, had been hiding
on iieorge Church's ranch about three
miles southeast of town.
STANFORD VS. BERKELEY.
Schedule for the Intercollegiate
Baseball Games Has Been
Arranged.
An Erroneous Report That Lange
Was Coaching California's
Players.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Cal.,
March 29.— The schedule for the intercol
legiate baseball games between Berkeley
and Stanford was arranged to-day at a
conference between Managers Bernard P.
Miller of Berkeley and Watson of Stan
ford. One game will be played on the
grounds of each college, and the third on
neutral grounds — at San Jose if possible.
The schedule is as follows : April 22 or 24,
game- on the Stanford grotinds; May 2,
on Berkeley grounds; May 8, at San Jose
f possible.
In order to accustom the teams to the
grounds of their opponents, each will play
a game on them with some outside team.
A game will be arranged between Berke
ley and Santa Clara College for April 18
on the Stanford grounds, and Manager
Watson will arrange a game with either
the Reliance or the university club' 3 team
to be played on the Berkeley grounds in a
few weeks.
Great interest is being shown in baseball
here. The men are practicing faithfully
and are in fine form. Several interesting |
games will be played within the next few j
weeks. On Saturday the Vanity will meet I
the California team, composed of ex-Stan
ford and Berkeley stars, under the cap
taincy of "Jack" Sheehan, Stanford '96.
This team recently defeated Berkeley,
ln-v On April 17, junior day, the '97-'£»9
baseball talent will try conclusions with
a team chosen from '96 and '98. The game
will be very exciting as the teams are
evenly matched.
Tne published report that "Bill" Lange,
the famous outfielder of Chicago's team of
'95, ana a resident of Oakland, is engaged
in coaching the Berkeley team, is erron
eous. Lnnire was at one time negotiated
With by Berkeley to serve as their coach,
but the negotiations fell through for finan
cial reasons. Money was raised at Stan
ford by Dopular subscription, and Lantre
was secured as a coach for the Stanford
team, and spent thiee weeks at Stanford
in that capacity. Lange never coached
the Berkeley team, and is at present
practicing with the Chicago tearo at Gal
veston, Tex.
During the three weeks' coaching by
Lange the team mad*' great improvement,
and his departure for Galveston was much
regretted by the players. He is active,
patient and" a skilled player, and imparted
much of his own activity and earnestness
to the team. Captain Mc.Laine is follow
ing the methods and suggestions of Coach
Lange to good advantage, as shown by the
improvement of the team.
MURDER AT FAIR OAKS.
■i Japanese Kills and Buries One of Ilia
fount m. .
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 29.— Fair ■
Caks colony, settled this winter near this
cry by General Howard and others, has
.rcied its first crime. Last Tuesday
ni:ht a' Japanese named Lakauye killed
oie of his countrymen with an ax and
bu-ied him. The trngedy was not known un
til'o-night, when Lakauye was brought to
'hi city by one of his countrymen and
tuned 'over to the officers. He admits
ttia he killed.and buried a man Tuesday
n 'F t, but says the latter went to his" room
and tried to murder him with an ax. He
was rounded, but got the ax - away from j
his assailant and killed him. Then he
buried him and went about his work next
day. The Coroner will have the body ex
humed to-morrow.
TEMPLETON ELOPEMENT.
Mrs. Minnie Nelson Leaves Her Husband and
Children and Flees With a Trav
eling Musician,
TEMPLETON, Cal., March 29.—Consta
ble F. G. Till man of Salinas Township has
offered a reward of $50 for the arrest of
Charles Paulson and Mrs. Minnie Nelson,
who eloped from this city on March 23.
That the flight of the couple was accom
plished in true pioneer style is evident
from the following description of them
selves and their vehicle, as contained in
notices scattered broadcast over the coun
t ry :
The woman was of medium height, weight
about 150 pounds, light complected, scar on
left cheek. Was attired in a brown dress, with
a brown rape and black hat. The man is heavy
set. with a light mustache and hair the sann-;
weighs ISO pounds.
Their wagon was a light lumber wagon
painted greeu, striped with yellow, with more
thHti the usual amount of striping: it had
large sideboards and a Large brown, top, emi
prant style, with a window hole in the back.
The horses were a gray, a buck«icin and a small
black or browii with a white stripe in its face.
When H. Nelson returned home Jast
Monday he found his children crying for
their absent mother. Neighbors informed
him that Mrs. Nelson had eloped with
Paulson, and had gone for San Jose. He
at once started in pursuit, but after trac
ing the runaways to Niles lost the trail
and has since been unable to locate them.
Paulson is a musician who travels with
"barnstorming" theatrical companies.
When he appeared in this City Mrs. Nelsoi.
was struck by his dashing style and
haughty air, and Paulson had no trouble
in persuading her that future greatness
was in store for her behind the footlights.
She is but 25 years old and comely, and
when she left" with the musician it was
with the presumed intention of becoming
a theatrical star.
VISITING LOS ANGELES
Mme. Modjeska Resting After a
Journey Over the Great
Divide.
Will Go to Her Santiago Canyon
Home to Recuperate From Her
Late Illness.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 27.— Mme.
Modjeska, accompanied by her husband,
Count Bozenta, arrived here this evening
on the Chicago limited over the Santa Fe.
They were met at the station by Dr. J. H*
Bullard, an old Anaheim friend, who
drove them to his residence at 308 South
Olive street, where they will remain until
the Countess has had time to rest from the
fatigue of the journey, after which they
will proceed to Mod jeska's country seat,
Arden, in the Santiago Canyon, Orange
County.
The great actres? shows plainly the ef
fects ot her recent ilrness, from which she
has not fully recovered, although she is
gradually growing stronger. Her left arm
is paralyzed and hangs limp and helpless
at her side. The paralysis was caused, the
doctors say, by a clot of blood in the
."boulder, the result presumably of over
exertion while playing at Cincinnati. It
was on orders of her physicians, who rec
ommended outdoor air and ab«olute rest
mentally and physically, that she decided
to go to her ranch.
" Yes. I expect to be able to return to the
stage," saia the Countess in answer to a
question. "I am sure that this genial
climate— the glorious sunshine and balmy
air — will soon restore me to perfect health.
"Although returning here unexpectedly
and under adverse circumstances, I am
sincerely glad to be here, for this is my
home and I am always content among the
people of California, who have been ex
tremely kind and neighborly toward me
since I first settled among them."
Although Modjeska left the home of
her son in Chicago but five days ago, she
knew nothing of the attempt to kidnap
her grandchild, information about the
affair being kept from her so as not to un
duly excite her. Count Bozenta said it
was evidently the act of some crank, who
was not moved by malice toward Mme.
Modjeska, but was making trouble for her
son and family from pure motives of mis
chief or some insane freak.
TRAMPS AVOID MILL VALLEY.
Men Who Will Not Work Placed in Water-
Soaked Cells of the Sausa/ito
Jail.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 29.— The
people of Mill Valley have about solved
the vagrancy question, and aa a result few
of the dusty travelers are seen in the val
ley. The method is simple and works ex
cellently, and is recommended to other
communities. When a man who is unem
ployed simply because he will not work
comes into Mill Valley, he is either es
corted out of town or made to feel very
plainly that his presence is not desired. If
he is obstinate and refuses to leave, he is
arrested by a deputy constable and brought
before the Justice of the Peace, where a
charge of vagrancy is placed against him.
The deputy then takes the prisoner to
Sausalito and lodges him in jail.
The Sausalito jail is usually under water
and is not a very pleasant place in which
to spend a night and the vagabond soon
learns the fact. After being kept in the
water-soaked jail over night, he is brought
backlto Mill Valley where the Justice of
the Peace informs him that he will be sent
to the County Jail for ten days unless he
leaves Mill Valley nnd promises never to
return. Tb,is he very willingly does for
the "haunted" cell in the County Jail is
where the vagrant is usually put. This
•'haunted" cell is well known and the
tramps have a Hread of it.
And this method is not without its good
points. The Justice of the Peace gets $3
for the case; the Deputy Constable makes
about $o, and the vagrant, it is claimed by
some, is never taKen to jail until the last
train leaves, so a team must be hired to
get to Sausalito, and 'the county foots the
bill.
To Be Guests of Mill Valley.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 29.-MHI
Valley is preparing to entertain the school
teachers of Marin County, who hold their
convention here the first week in May.
The Mill Valley Improvement Club has
appointed various committees to take
charge of the affair, and present indica
tions point to a successful and enjoyable
reception. This will be the first conven
tion of any kind ever held in Mill Valley,
and consequently great arrangements are
being made to entertain the guests.
— ♦_ — ,
Will Convene at Sacramento.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 29.— 0n
Wednesday next the twenty-ninth annual
convention ol the California State Sunday
school Association will convene in this
city ana continue in session on Thursday
and Friday. It is expected to be one of
the best-attended conventions of that body
yet held, and the programme prepared
snows that the proceedings will be of un
usual interest.
Football at Suitun.
BUIBUN, Cat,., March 29.— The Sulsun
Valley team defeated the Howards of San
Francisco in a football game to-day by a
score of 12 to 4. The local team put up a
good game. For the visitors Smitb, Ra
eiues and Miduiemas played in Hue iorm.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
CHEROKEE FLAT'S
GOLD PRODUCER.
Only Mine in California
Run by a Court of
Equity.
SPRING VALLEY'S YIELD
Property From Which $13,000,000
in Yellow Metal Has
Been Taken.
JUDGE PREWETT IN CONTROL.
Interesting History of a Bitter Legal
Fight Dating Back to Twelve
Years Ago.
OROVILLE, Cat,., March 29.— The well
known Spring Valley hydraulic mine at
Cherokee Flat, whose big mortgage of
$280,000 was ordered foreclosed by Judge
I'rewett on Friday, after eight years of
bitter fighting on the part of the Bank of
California and Rideout & Smith, is the
only mine in California that has ever
been run by a court of equity. Through
application made by the bondholders last
November Judge Prewett appointed a re
ceiver for the mine, thus taking it out ol
the control of ihe banks, where it had been
so long.
The Judge appointed for the responsible
position of representing him at the mine a
close personal friend, W. J. Wbitcomb of
Colfax. Whitcomb, under orders of the
court, has absolute charge of the mine.
While not working it himself the receiver
has made contracts with third parties for
the leasing and working of various parts
of the "worked over" portions of the mine
upon an agreed royalty. He also super
vises the maintenance, patrol and opera
tion of the 100 miles of ditches, flumes and
pipes owned by the company, and gener
ally has the care of the large interests at
stake covered by the big mortgage.
The appointment of the receiver was not
secured by the bondholders without a
hard fight, the two banks which have been
fighting the validity of the bonds making
the claim that for a court of equity, in
which capacity Judge Prewett sat in the
case, to assume judicial charge would vir
tually amount to usurpation. Attorney
Blakeman, however, as counsel for the
bondholders, riled some affidavits with the
court alleging gross negligence on the
part of the agents of the Bank of Califor
nia, which had been for six years in pos
session of the mine. In support of his affi
davit Attorney Blakeman declared to
Judge Prewett that the flumes of the mine
had all been ripped out, that many of the
"chiefs" had been sold and that Attorney
C. W. Cross, one of the lawyers in the case,
had "jumped" one of the most valuable
portions of the property at the mine.
The receiver was appointed upon the
presentation of these affidavits, and the
mine has since been run by the receiver,
under the direction of the court. It is not
expected that there will be any contest of
the claim by Mr. Cross, as the lawyers
hold that the latter has no legal standing
in tlie case.
The history of the protracted litigation
dates back over twelve years. In 1880 the
New York Mining Development Company,
headed by Senator A. B. Dorsey, pur
chased the property. The price paid was
$800,000 in cash. One hundred and fifty
thousand dollars in bonds was sold. Later
the company became indebted to the Bank
of California and Hideout & Smith for
$50,000.
The attempt to defeat the bonds fol
lowed. The banks claimed that there were
technical informalities in the issue of the
bonds, and, after raising that question
concerning their validity, sold the entire
property, including the vast system of
ditches and canals, bidding everything in
for the amount of their judgment. Owing
to the uncertainty regarding the bonds,
no one else cared to bid at the sale. Since
then the fight has been between the
banks and the bondholders.
At one time an attempt was made to
compromise the suit. The bondholders,
while claiming that the banks had full
knowledge of the mortgage at the time
they made advances, and that if poor
judgment was shown, they, and not the
innocent holders of the bonds should
stand the loss, agreed to 8 reorganization
plan. It was proposed that a new issue of
bonds to the amount of $200,000 be made
by the mining company, the banks to get
$50,000 in bonds as the amount of their
debt, and the bondholders to take the bal
ance of $150,000 for the $155,000 owed
them. The late L. L. Robinson, who was
president of the company, made several
trips to New YorK for conference with the
Eastern bondholder?, but when the deal
was about to be consummated, the banks
suddenly broke off all negotiations and
began their attempt to defeat the mort
gage. So contident were the banks in
being able to win, that it is said that they
had all the arrangements made at one
time to sell the mine to a big company of
mining men.
The mine has a brilliant record as a
gold- producer. Upward of $13,000,000 in
gold has been taken out, with the lead
apparently inexhaustible. No other single
hydraulic mine in California has such a
magnificent showing. The gravel deposit
is over 1000 feet wide and the extent of the
workings is over a mile in length.
The price paid for the mine by the New
York company, $800,000, represented one
of the largest deals of its kind on the coast.
At present prospecting tunnels show over
$1,000,000 to be lying loose in the lead.
The last manager of the mine before the
litigation tied up the property, was Louis
Glass, the well known head of the tele
phone interests on this coast.
It Is due to Glass' engineering skill that
the present course of the lead is known.
Against the advice of many other engi
neers, who asserted that the" lead had de
flected into a side ravine, where it totally
disappeared, he ran a long tunnel under
neath Table Mountain, again discovering
the lead, which was found to be richer and
larger than ever. Under the mountain
the lead was probed by numerous tunnels
and was found to be from 800 to 1000 feet
wide and from twenty-rive to fifty feet
thick.
It is in the tunnels that the estimates
show over $1,000,000 in loose gold lying in
the gravel lead ready for extraction.
Glass had all the preparations made for
drifting, but the tiling of the suit in fore
closure brought everything to a (standstill.
The long litigation that. has followed has
had one beneficial effect. The long delay
lias, in the opinion of experts, given the
Glass tunnel time to drain the part of the
lead already tapped, so that to-day drifting
for the million in sight can be commenced
at once.
Air, tflass is one of the holders of the
bonds. The only other large California
bondholder is David Gage of OakJand.
The balance is held in Is ew York. Most
of the Eastern ones are now owned by
estates, the original owners having died
during the protracted litigation. Among
the men who have owned in the company
is the late Edgar Judson of the Judson
Powder Works, A. E. Davis, the late mil
lionaire, Doe, another deceased millionaire,
and Senator George C. Perkins. L. L. Rob
inson was president of the company up to
the time ot his death.
Mr. Gage was one of the men in charge
of the mine for twenty-five years and he
and Mr. Glass are tiie only bondholders
who are acquainted with the practical
operation of the mine.
It is an odd fact that more diamonds
have been discovered at the Cherokee Flat
mine than in any other part of California.
About 300 diamonds, many of them valued
as high as $150, have been found in the
flumes, and it is supposed that a great
many were washed away with the slick
ens.as no special attempt was made to
save them. Garney Williams, the famous
California expert, who is now superin
tendent of the Kimberley diamond fields
at South Africa, under a salary of $100,000
a year, paid some attention to the dia
monds at Cherokee Flat while he was
superintendent of that mine, but there has
been no other diamond prospecting there.
Although Cherokee is generally spoken
of as a dead mining camp, as a result of
the litigation over 100 men nave for years
been making wages on the old workings of
the mine. Tinder leases from the receiver,
two companies, consisting respectively of
forty and twenty men each, are "ground
sluicing" the "flat," together with various
smaller firms. A Portuguese company
composed of twenty men recently cleaned
up after a year's run, taking out $20,000.
The ditches conveying the water to the
mine and the provision made for the care
and disposal of its debris are both on a
gigantic scale. No two such systems for
one mine has probably ever been success
fully carried out, if even attempted.
The water is brought over the 100 miles
in ditches, pipes and flumes, and the canal
by which the "slickens" is conveyed to
tne tules is over thirty miles long, and
from 1000 to 2500 feet wide, with levees
seven feet in height. To bring in the
water alone cost $750,000, and the con
struction of the canals $500,000 more.
Tne water rights of themselves are con
sidered highly valuable. The ditches tap
the largest water-shed in that part ot the
Sierras, and command in the dryest part
of the year over 5000 inches of water,
miners' measure. The mine also owns
twelve reservoirs, used to supply the works
in case of any temporary accident to the
flumes.
Two of the reservoirs are located on the
route of the ditch, each being three miles
in circumference.
The engineering difficulties overcome in
the problem of bringing the water to
Cherokee were of a most hazardous nature,
most of the engineers who examined the
proposition when it was first broached pro
nouncing it impracticable. The late Ed
gar J. Judson, founder of the Judson
Powder Works, finally found an engineer
who said it could be done and poured his
money into the project, despite the jeers
of hisassociates.
The work, during its progress, was
dubbed "Judson's folly." The most diffi
cult piece of work is the crossing of the
Feather Kiver by a wroughtiron pipe
thirty inches in diameter and 13,000 feet
long. The pressure at the lowest part is
1000 feet, the pipe being three-eighths of
an inch thick.
The sale of the big mine under fore
closure of the bonds will be pushed for-,
ward with haste. Already the bondhold
ers are organizing to put in a collective
Did for the full amount of the total judg
ment. Whether the policy of the banks
will be one of delay looking for a possible
compromise is not yet known.
THE NEWS OF SAN JOSE
Orchardists Interested in a Ma
chine Designed to Protect
From Frost.
Crop Prospects in the Valley Are
Encouraging— Mrs. Lovett Sues
for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 29.—Orchard
ists are evincing much interest in a ma
chine, designed to produce a cloud of
vapor for the protection of fruit trees from
frost, that is completed and ready for trial
on the W. C. Anderson fruit ranch on the
Ahnaden road. It is claimed that the con
trivance will prove much more successful
than the smudge fires sprayed with water
that have heretofore been tried in orchards.
The machine consists of a large sheetiron
furnace designed to be moved through the
orchard upon a sled or waeon. The fur
nace door is in the rear and half a dozen
chimneys carry the smoke from the upper
part of the furnace. Around the front and
on both sides of the furnace is a wire net
ting that holds a packing of stable refuse
and straw about eight inches thick. On
top of the furnace also is a layer of manure
and straw.
The straw packing is kept wet con
stantly, and in the furnace is kept up a
good tire, fed by the brush from the or
chard. It is claimed that two men can
start the machine moving at 3 o'clock in
the morning and. before 6 o'clock they will
have a bank of fog envelopine an eighty
acre orchard twenty feet high, which will
absolutely protect the fruit buds from the
frost. If the principle of the machine
proves a success it can be greatly improved
upon in the construction.
SANTA CLARA VALLEY CROPS.
An Encouraging Outlook, for the Growers
of fruit.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 29.— While the
prospects for a large crop of fruit in Santa
Clara Valley are good at present, this is
the critical period in the development, and
it will be some weeks before results can be
predicted with any degree of certainty.
Much fruit has formed and set well and is
growing, but causes may arise in the com
ing month to make it drop. Moorpark
apricots will be light in the valley, but
reports of a very good crop come from the
section around Los Gatos. There is every
indication of abundant crops of prunes
and peaches.
The recent warm rains have done an im
mense amount of good. The hay and
grain crops in the low lands are looking
well.
Sues for a Divorce.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 29.— Frances E.
Lovett has sued Charles E. Lovett for
divorce on the ground of willful desertion.
The Lovetts were married in this city in
1890 and lived together until early in 1895,
when Lovett deserted his wife. The plain
tiff alleges that she supported her husband
during their entire married life. There
are no children and no community prop
erty.
Deserted by His Countrymen.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 29.— Another
charge of murder has been placed against
Wong Mow Gee, the Chinaman who shot
and killed two of his fellow-laborers at
Laurelwood farm, about five miles south
of Santa Clara, a couple of weeks ago, and
to-morrow he will be arraigned in Justice
Dwyer's court for the killing of Gee Ah
Lung, his second victim. Wong Mow Gee,
who is confined in the county jail, has
been entirely deserted by his countrymen.
He spends most of his time lying in his
bunk crying.
Snow at Seattle.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 29.— Nearly
an inch of snow, preceded by more or less
hail, fell liere to-day.
MARE ISLAND
NAVAL NEWS
Visions of a New Drydock
Dispelled by Act of
Congress.
PROGRESS ON THE YARD.
The Gunboat Bennington to Be
Overhauled and Put Into
Shipshape.
HOWISON MAY BE PROMOTED.
It Is Believed the Commandant
Will Be Given the South
Atlantic Station.
VALLEJO. Cal., March 29.— T0 live in
a navy-yard town one must be endowed
•with the happy faculty of always looking
for something bright in the future. Hopes
have been indulged in for the past few
weeks — since Congress has been in session
—that the lawmakers, in their wisdom,
would appropriate money to build a new
dry-dock at Mare Island. The hopes were
as light as vapor, yet it was something to
keep the spirit up by those who toil with
the hammer and ax. The past week has
witnessed the disappointment of those in
dulging in the visions of a foundation for
a dock sutlicient in size to take in the Ore
gon or the great battle-ship lowa, so suc
cessfully launched at the Cramps' yard yes
terday. The dock will not be commenced
this year.
Now the people here are looking for
some apostle in the wilderness to aid in
securing a torpedo boat to keep the ma
chines at work. The regular appropriations
were passed, but not to become available
before the Ist of July, and even then some
of them will not be drawn upon for
months unless some rule prevails that con
tractors shall furnish material promptly
and of excellent quality. The special appro
priation? for the repairs of ships comes in
good time, and will enable many men to
be retained and others to be taken on.
The Bennington, for which some of the
money will be used, is in the drydock and
will be overhauled at once. There is com
paratively little to be done to her outside
of general repair work incident to a ship
in commission as long as she has been.
It is quite interesting and refreshing to
read a published statement that "the Ben
nington was the butt of every joke of the
English officers while in the Asiatic sta- '
tion, by reason of her engines being so
frequently disabled." The fact is well
known to every one in naval circles that
the Bennington has never visited that
station.
It is currently reported that Captain H.
L. Howison, Commandant of the Yard,
will be detached in July, his term of three
years shore duty having expired. His ad
ministration has been one of success from
beginning to end, and there have been
more complicated matters and heavy work
to be accomplished than for years past.
The captain, being nearly at the com
modore's, list and the most available man,
will undoubtedly be eiven the South At
lantic station. Several bavo been spoken
of for the command of the station and
yard, but none so far definitely settled
upon. While Commodore Norton has been
mentioned prominently for the place, it
would not be a surprise to see the orders
given to Captain Louis Kempff, who is
higher on the list of captains than was
Captain Howison when he was given com
mand of the yard.
Commodore Norton will soon be a rear
admiral, and of late officers of such rank
have been given the presidency of some
one of the boards, with headquarters at
Washington. Commodore Norton is well
known her.c, as for years he v.as in com
mand of the receiving ship Independence.
He, like Captain Kempff, in his younger
days was counted one of the best athletes
in the navy, and each saw considerable
active service during the war, Commodore
Norton being the executive officer of the
Lackawanna on the west gulf blockading
squadron.
The friends of Boatswain D. Glynn, U.
S. N., and Miss Annie Ward are extending
congratulations to them upon their con
templated marriage on the Bth of next
month. The boatswain is attached to the
yard and Miss Ward is the eldest daughter
of James Ward, in charge of the Govern
ment stock at Mare Island.
The appointment of Commander John J.
Brice a 9 Commissioner of Fish and Fishe
ries is one that meets the approval of those
in and out of the navy-yard.
Naval Constructor Baxter and several of
the construction mechanics well versed in
the dockage of ships went tip to Port Or
chard the first of last week to dock the
monitor Monterey. They will be gone
two or three weeks. It was considered
best by the department to assist in the
first trial of docking a vessei in the new
dock at the northern station.
As much interest was manifested by the
clerical and appointive employes in a re
port that they were to be placed under the
civil service rules as though a battle-ship
had been awarded to the yard. While
there is some truth in the rumor that the
commandant, clerks and chief clerks of
the departments may be so placed, it is
not at all likely that the Secretary of the
Navy would wholesale all of his own ap
pointees into life positions under tne Gov
ernment.
Mareusr Station Mourns.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Maroh 29.— James
W. Humphrey, one of Sutter County's
richest farmers, died suddenly from a
stroke of apoplexy at noon to-day at the
age of 70 years. He was a pioneer of this
section and a Mason. At one time he re
sided in Oakland, but his late home was
near Marcuse Station. A widow, son and
daughter survive him.
Cause of a Tacoina Woman's Drat h
TACOMA, Wash., March 29.— Dr. M. F.
Van Buren filed a sensational death cer
tificate to-day in the case of Mrs. Lizzie
Uiham, 29 years of ag :, who died here
y«3terday. TUe certificate charges that
the can so of death was a "quack patent
medicine," administered by a woman not
licensed to- pract'ce medicine in the State
of Washington. The certificate states that
the remote cause of death was impoverish
ment of Moo.l. The case will be brought
before the county medical society and
legal steps will probably be taken against
the woman who prescribed the medicine.
Tragedy Mear JAncoln,
SACRAMENTO, Cu* Uatek - 29. •* A
farmer residing near Lincoln this morn
ing found a man stretched across the rail
road track. He dragged the stranger from
the rails, but the man, who showed signs
of insanity, insisted upon returning. Be
ing unable to control him the farmer went
for help, and while absent a passing train
struck the stranger, wbo had again lain
down upon the track, and cut him in
twaiiii The name of the stranger is un
known.
AT SCHUETZEN PARK.
Slim Attendance at the Butts and Only
a Few Matches.
At Schuetzen Park but few marksmen
put in an appearance during the day. A
half dozen club members were matched
for dinners and refreshments, a couple of
guards from the State Prison at San Quen
tin tried their skill and a few straggling
members of the Naval Battalion put in
an appearance.
During the morning, Clubmen Baden,
Lange and Ehrenpfort shot two scores, the
prize bein? a dinner, to be paid for by the
loser. The points made were:
Baden, first ten, 204; sacond ten. 208.
I.anue, first ten, 166; second ten, 'JO/.
Khrenpfort, first ten, 191: second ten 212.
During the afternoon Messrs. Utschig,
11. Plageman and Lange contested with a
team composed of Messrs. Baden, W.
Ehrenpfort and A. Ehrenpfort. The scores
made were: Ulschig 109, Lange 72, Piage
man 73, total 254, against W. Ehrenpfort
97, Baden 85, A. Ehrenpfort 104, total 286.
The small attendance at the range is
accounted for by the fact that yesterday
being a "fifth Sunday" in the month, was
an off day. Next Sunday will be held the
grand free-for-all shoot on ring and honor
ary targets.
PRIVATE RIFLE MUTCHES
Several German Sharpshooters
Indulge in Fifty-Shot
Contests.
Huber and Jungblut Beat Glinder
mann and Garms — Military
Medal Records.
Whenever there are five Sundays in a
month the fifth is always called the "off
day" among the rifle shooters. Yesterday
was an off Sunday at the Shell Mound
shooting range, but for all that there were
several individual matches that were of in
terest. Four of the best German sharp
shooters had a match for a purse. W.
Glimlermann and W. Garms shot a 50
--« hot match against H. Huber and H. Jung
blut on the 25-ring German target. The
first couple won by 173 points. The scores
in strings of ten shots were as follows:
Huber 193, 205, 189, 199,207—993; Jung
blut 193, 184, 201, 179, 178—935. Total,
1928.
t.limlermnnn 20G, 217, 227, 210, 214—
10,071; Gurms 182, 139, 141, 142, 120. Total,
1755.
There was another fifty-shot match on
the same target between H. H. Burfeind
and G. Schultz for a purse, Burfeind to al
low his opponent fifty points. In strings
often shots the scores stood:
Schultz 104, 176, 189, 157, 172—858 (and
50 allowed, 908).
Burfeind 190, 200, 177, 216, 194—983.
As seen Burfeind won by 75 points. Last
Thursday Burfeind beat Jungblut in a 50
--shot match, making 031 to 831.
In another 50-shot match yesterday
Glindermann beat Schuster by 1074 to 1043
points.
Two military companies shot their regu
lar monthly medal records. The scores
stood:
Company I— C. G. Strippel 43, F. R. Moore 45.
, H. Lemeyei 39, W. Meyers 39, A. Schwartz 38,
I Lieutenant Tobln 44, Ahlborn 40, Hull 42, Gil
lis 44, Corporal tjheehan 42, Sunderland 21,
Martin 34, Vo-n Staden 34, Golly 35, Leyden 34,
! MePartland 35, Day 25, Payson 41, McCarthy
i 41, Hannii 28. Sergeant Huber 35, Son 35,
I Lieutenant Huber 42, H. Otten 39.
Company F— Sergeant Brown 42, Lieutenant
Nippert 36, Anderson 19, Captain Miller 30,
Moore 3U, Corporal Irving 39, Eisfelder 34,
Docher 31, Heintz 33, Dresser 35, Lotz 31,
| Sergeant lverson 36. Pratt 39, McNeil 33,
i WiliHrd 35, Hall 25, B. H. riawks 37, Fitzger
ald 36, J. Hawks 33, Doian 5.
BREAKING BLUEROCKS.
The First of a Series of Gun Club Team
Contests.
There was a large attendance at the
Oakland Trotting Park yesterday, the oc
casion beinsi the tirst team match shoot at
blnerocks. Three regular clubs entered
teams of twelve men, besides an unat
tached team. This was the first team
match of a series of five, one to be shot
each month. The prize will be a trophy,
to be given to the team making the best
average in the five contests. The conai
tions are twenty clays to a man at un
known ancles.
Yesterday the Olympic Gun Club was
captained by L. 1). Owens, the Lincoln
Gun Club by George Fianzen and the Em
pire Gun Club by G. G. Billington. The
Empire team won by five breaks. The
scores were as follows :
Empires -H. B. Varney 15, C. Leeds 14, G. G.
Billington 20, H. G. Stewart 18, C. W. Burgans
19, C. H. ZeinerlS. H. Quinton 11. W. F. An
drus 17, J. Young 15. G. Gross 15, Winning 15,
W- Kerrlson 9. Total, 186.
Lincolns— J. 11. Bruns 16, E. Foster 16, J.
Karney 19, G. Franzen 18, D. Daniels 15, J. H.
Potter 14, W. Murdock 15, Whitney 12, B. .7.
Baum9, Ed Foster 14, A. W. Allen 15, A. G.
Flickinßcr 18. Total, 181.
Olympics— M. O. Feudner 16, G. Jackson 14,
R. Liddle 15. H. H. White 12, P. Beckeart 14,
W. J. Goleher 18, C. C. Neuman 19, F. Feudner
19, C. Hnii?ht 13, M.C.Allen 16, L.D.Owens
10, H. C. Goleher 16. Total, 181.
Unattached— Tubbs 15, Williams 15, Lane 15,
Walters 8. Unfrcd 8, Fredrick 11, Clark 12,
Pisani 5. Kleversall 10, Fisher 11, Alderton 14,
Maguire 6.
The next shoot will be held on the Em
pire Grounds at Alameda Point on April
26. It is expected that the Reliance Gun
Club of Oakland will enter the next con
tests. After the regular match yesterday
several pool matches were shot.
DR. HEMPHILL SPOKE.
"Strong Men" Discussed Before the
Young Men's Christian Association.
Frre Lecture by Dr. Jordan.
The Rev. Dr. John Hemphill, pastor of
Calvary Presbyterian Church, spoke to a
large audience in the Young Men's Chris
tian Association Hall yesterday afternoon
upon the subject of "Strong Men." He
took hjs text from the First Epistle of St.
John, first chapter, fourteenth verse: "I
have written unto you, young men, be
cause yon are strong."
To-morrow night President David Starr
Jordan oi trie Stanford University will de
liver a free lecture in the Y. "M. C. A.
Auditorium upon "The Yellowstone."
INSPECTOR OF BAKERIES.
The- Supervisors Will Be Petitioned by
Journeymen to Create the Office.
A mass-meeting of the German bakers
and confectioners was held at tbe labor
headquarters on Turk street yesterday aft
ernoon.
President Rough presided. Gustav Post
ler. Leo Gassen and P. Ross Martin ad
dressed the meeting.
The chair appointed a committee of five,
consisting of P. Ross Martin, G. Postler,
Otto Grassmann and Emil Rough, to wait
on the Mayor, Supervisors and health
officers for the purpose of having an in
spector of bakeries appointed. A motion
carried urging Labor Commissioner Fitz
gerald to continue his good work in puri
fying the underground bakeries of this
City. ____^_^______
I The recent census of Germany shows a
[.population 0151.758,364.
NEW TO-DAT. ; . '■]_'*_.
1)/ /^i^
Compliments-
Nothing but compliments
have we received from all
siaes from those that ap-
preciate high-class fab- .
rics — from those that ap-
preciate fashionable and
cleverly tailored garments
— from those that admire
nerve and pluck, which it
required to take, as we
did, and fill our big corner
window with New Spring
Suits and Overcoa ts,
worth all the way up to
$18, and say for pick,
—$9.50—
Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday are the last
days of this, the greatest
of all our great sales.
i £ I
Those clever garments
»you see in the picture -
above, in double and single
breasted Sacks, in Cuta-
ways, in those fine Black
Clay Worsteds, in those
/tough Cheviots that 're
so fashionable, in blues
and blacks, in those busi-
ness-like Tweeds in light
and medium colorings, in
those swell Scotches —
garments that 're built on
fashionable lines. The
Last Three Days of the
: — Monday, Tuesday
and Wednesday — at
—$9.50—
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
THE . FRISCO BOYS,
9, 11, 13 AND 15
Kearny Street,
34
WOODLAND, YOLO
COUNTY'S PRIDE
The Wealthiest City of Its
Size on the Pacific
Coast.
ITS VARIED RESOURCES.
Banks, Fruit Exchange, Cream
ery, Armory, Opera-House
and Big Ditch.
FINE CLIMATE AND RICH SOIL.
Water Storage and an Irrigating
System Alone Needed— Career
of the Founder.
WOODLAND, Cal., March 29.—Wood
land, one of the prettiest little cities in
California, is the county seat of Yolo
county, wnich has a population of over
4000. It is the -wealthiest city of its size in
the State, and excels in the number and
cost of handsome residences. There are
four banking institutions of almost un
limited resources and credit, that represent
in wealth more than the six banking
houses of Stockton, a city three times its
size.
Thefstreets are wide and clean, the busi
ness thoroughfares are paved with bitumi
nous rocK, and the residence streets and
avenues are adorned with shade and orna
mental trees, affording many miles of ex
cellent driveway. The city is illuminated
bj* splendid electric light, incandescent
and gas systems. The water and sewer
age systems are first class and are both
controlled by the city. The business
blocks are of imposing masonry and of a
substantial character.
"Woodland is justly proud of its volun
teer tire department, and insurance com
panies credit it with being remarkably ef
ficient.
Journalism is represented by the Daily
Evening Democrat, a first-class newspaper,
owned and edited by Ed E. Leake. The
Democrat is the city and county official
paper. The Home Alliance is a bright
little eight-page weekly, ably and success
fully ediied by Mrs. S. A. Huston. The
Mail is a morning paper, edited by J. 11.
Dungan, and is a good local journal.
Woodland is noted as a city of schools,
churches, conventions and literary socie
ties. Its free public Horary affords large,
airy and comfortable reading-rooms and
is replete with standard and wholesome
literature. The public schools and the
high school are weli organized and are in
charge of an efficient corps of instructors.
The High School, which is now in its
first year, already shows results of a grati
fying nature, and is an excellent addition
to the school system of this city. The
closing of Hesperian College, which for
many years was the leading educational
institution of' the Sacramento Valley,
made a public High School a necessity.
The school draws pupils from all parts of
the county and has a constant attendance
of eighty or more. This is remarkable
when one considers that three-fourths of
the pupils are in the lirst or junior class,
and bespeaks a widespread interest in
educational matters on the part of the citi
zens of the town.
The Holy Rosary Academy ranks among
the best educational institutions in the
State and affords thorough discipline and
educational opportunities.
The leading denominations possess fine
and well-ordered houses of worship. Al
together Woodland's advantages from a
Bocial, religious, educational and literary
point of view are of a superior quality.
Any account of Woodland, either* as to
her business or social life, would not be
cemplete without reference to Major F. S.
Freeman, the founder of the city. His
career, dating from the earliest history of
the city, is an open book to our citizens,
and one on which his many friends dwell
with pride.
In 1852 Major Freeman purchased from
the Government the land upon which
Woodland now stands, and in the same
year purchased irom N. Wyckoff the
country store and stock of merchandise
then just established on the site of our
beautiful city. This was the first store
house ever built in Woodland.
In 1857 Maior Freeman was married to
Miss Gertrude G. Swain, a niece of Mrs.
Charles W. Crocker, now of San Francisco.
The Crockers ana Dernniings were then
residents of this county.
The town site of Woodland was laid out
in 1860 ana christened Woodland by Mrs.
Freeman, from the abundance of oalt trees
which then extendea for miles In all di
rections.
In 1872 Major Freeman was chairman of
tne Ways and Means Committee of the
General" Assembly. The gailant fight he
made in advocacy of the "Freeman fare
and freight bill" maae him for a tune one
of the most conspicuous figures in the
State. The measure was carried through
the lower house, but through the strenu
ous efforts of the railroad lobbyists was de
feated in the Senate by only one vote. At
that time he had the support of all the
live journals in the State, except perhaps
the railroad contingent, whose auvocacy
of railroad interests was grounded on nio&t
substantial considerations.
The kindly, ?;enial nature of the major,
his broad and generous humanity, are
proudjy remembered by hundreas who
knew him in those early days. Friendships
cemented there were of the lasting kind,
and when recountine his many good
qualities, the oIJ residents seldom foreet
to mention that none were turned away
from tne major's store cold or hungry
because they had not the means to buy.
Such memories in the hearts of a grate
ful and appreciative people are of more
worth than monuments of^ bronze ana
marble.
The Woodland Fruit Exchange was in
corporated June 5, 1894. It is one of the
leading institutions of the county and an
important factor in the development of
the local fruit market. It was organized
on a co-operative basis and aims to reduce
the cost of materials used by buying In
large quantities, facilitating the market
ing of crops by concentration of products
and uniform grades of cleaning and grad
ing at one place, thus largely cutting un
der the expense of individual shipments.
The association includes nearly all grow
ers in the county. The latest improved
cleaner, sternmer and grader for raisins,
and grader and dipper for prunes, all pro
pelled by steam power, have been added.
Large quantities of table grapes are
shipped 1 to New York and the exchange
has established a reputation for Woodland
grapes excelled only by one packer in the
State. During the past season forty cars
of green fruit, mostly Tokay, Cornichou
and Emperor grapes, ten car 9of pears,
peaches and shipping prunes and twenty
live cars of seedless Sultana raisins—ac
knowledged by the trade to be the finest
Sultnnas in the State— left the Woodland
market for Eastern points. In addition to
this the exchange sends out about forty
carloads of dried fruit— raisins, prunes,
apricots, peaches and pear;-.
The association has been a big saving to
the growers in securing prices in advance
or those obtained by individual growers.
It is especially beneficial to the small
grower, as he receives the same price for
one ton as the man who has fifteen cars,
it' quality is equal.
During the packing season about 100
women, girls and boys are given employ
ment. The capacity* of the building will
be doubled this season.
The board of directors are H. C. How
ard (president), L. G. Rhodes (vice-presi
dent), C. T. Uidwell (secretary and treas
urer). W. H. Howd (superintendent), I. P-
Hoftg, A. J. Thomas and E. Gallup, all
representative business men and orchard
ists. ,
The Woodland Creamery is an enter
prise in ■which every farmer within v
radios of ten mfles of this City manifests
a deep and growing interest. It was in
corporated last October and is now fully
established as one of the leading features
of Woodland's industrial life.
The directors are: G. N. Merritt, presi
dent; T. S. Spaulding, secretary; i~aae
Fisher, E. 8. Farnham, H. J. Rasmussen,
E. A. Dopking, J. li. Powell and H. E.
Coil.
The original cost of the plant was $.3150.
The manufacture or butter was com
menced November 1, 1895, with W. M.
Turner, the veteran butter-maker, at the
helm. On the opening day 950 pounds of
milk were received from nine farmer
patrons. To-day the institution has sixty
six patrons and the daily receipts of milk
are 8500 pounds.
The industry is operated on the toll sys
tem. Patrons are charged ?>)± cents per
pound for the manufacture of the product,
which is marketed and sold for the patrons
by the association.
At DO time since operations were com
menced (four months since) has Woodland
creamery butter sold for less than 40 cents
a roll, and during the winter as high as 80
cents a roll has been realized. At no time
has there been an accumulation of butter.
In fact, the reverse has been the situation,
and to such an extent that preparations
for enlarging the factory are now being
made.
That well-appointed creameries through
out the Sacramento and San Joaquin val
leys are flourishing institutions is indi
cated by the following figures furnished by
Butter-maker Turner of the local enter
prise. They extend over a period of four
months, from November 1 to February 29:
5!
r ?
o _
■ 3
■ k
53
2 =
r
2=-
I!
' S-
S 3
2.2
." s
: E.
vemoer
•ember
l:
ii
3.779
6,342
7,246
8,213
?710
1,209
1,625
1,573
luary
jruary j
Total I
180,914
540,961;
.$5,119
the
month of
HOME SAVINGS BANK OF WOODLAND.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
patron alone furnised the creamery 18,677
pounds of milk from twenty-five cow*.
The butter wa9 sold for 25 cents per pound,
and after deducting 3}4 cents per pound
for manufacture, the amount dueand paid
him by the directors was $184 20.
While eight acres, are required to feed a
cow on coast range land one acre in this
valley will keep a cow in splendid condi
tion. In Yolo County butter can be pro
duced for lo cents a pound and leave a
profit to the producer.
Woodland is tinder obligations to Cap
tain H. M. Pnndle and the officers of
Company P, Is. G. C, for the commodious
armory recently completed. The building
is of brick in the form of a fortress. It is
a two-story structure with a frontage of 90
feet and a depth of 130 feet. The west GO
feet constitute an immense drill hall and
a large hanging gallery that will accom
modate hundreds of people. Other por
tions of the building constitute an armory,
dressing-room, assembly-room, banquet
hall, etc*
No company in the National Guard has
more complete or comfortable quarters
than has the local military.
Woodland's opera-house, now in course
of construction, will be as complete and
perfect in its appointments as any of the
metropolitan theaters. The exterior will be
unpretent ious, but the interior will be
elaborate and tasteful.
The interior of the building will be GOx
104 feet. The stage will be 25x30 feet,
which is unusually commodious for the
demands that will -be made upon it. The
orchestra will seat eighty-eight people, the
dress circle 224 the gallery 300 and the
boxe9 sixteen. The interior will be beau
tifully decorated, presenting shades and
tints "of the most delicate colors. Every
department will be perfect in detail, which
will make the new \Voodland opera-house
a delightful place of amusement.
When the building is completed none
but the most popular traveling companies
will be engaged. Located as this city is,
between Sacramento and San Francisco,
the high-class companies that visit the
Coast will rind it both profitable and con
venient to present the best they have ill
tVeir repertoires to the enterprising people
of this locality, who are capaDle of ap
preciating the favor.
So mucn for the town's community life—
a life built upon good schools and good
society — blessed with a healthfui climate
and surrounded by the richest and most
fertile lands in the Sacramento Valley.
But there is a serious question which pre
sents itself whenever Woodland's con
tinued growth and prosperity are matters
for consideration. It is irrigation.
It is a satisfaction to know that the out
of-date methods of the old-time wheat
rancher are becoming a thing of the past
and that the immense ranches are being
subdivided and converted into small hold
ings of 10, 'JO and 40 acre tracts. The
holders oi these small tracts especially ana
the farming community in general are be
coming aroused to the consciousness that
their prosperity depends upon irrigation,
and in this growing belief or opinion we
see evidences in every section of this fer
tile valley.
No other place on ea.rth presents such
splendid nutural advantages for irriga
tion as does Yolo County in Cache Creek,
with Clear Lake as its storage reservoir.
But the stumbling block lies in the owner
ship of the Moore ditch, the proprietors of
which control the exclusive right, prac
tically, to use the waters of Cache Creek
] for irrigation purposes. The ditch is now,
j and has been for years past, in litigation,
! and the welfare and substantial interests
I of our farmers have suffered and are now
■ suffering therefrom. Thousands upon
j thousands of dollars, figuratively speak
ing, daily lloat down in the unused waters
of this stream.
It is not often that the affairs of one
family so largely affect an extensive com
munity, but in the case of the contentions
of the heirs of the late James Moore, for
mer owner of the Moore ditch, the mater
ial interests of thousands of people suffer.
When Mrs. Moore, wife of the late James
Moore, chose to remarry, her children
made desperate opposition. The old lady
was compelled to come into court and de
fend herself against a charge of mental in
: competency preferred by her children.
j The effort to prove her irresponsible and
I put her under guardianship failed and re
i suited only in intensifying the already
overheated feelings between mother and
children.
Having, after her marriage, relinquished
the control of the ditch to her son Robert,
stie instituted legal proceedings against
him to keep him off the ranch and ob
strnct his work as manager of the ditch.
The son sued hia mother for $GOOO. Pend
ing this litigation the court appointed a
receiver to manage the. ditcn. Subse
quently the mother sued to have the re
ceiver removed and herself reinstated as
manager of the property. In answer Rob
ert set up that durinsr the time his mother
managed the ditch, the two years before
her secend marriage, she wantonly neg
lected the ditch with the avowed purpose
of depreciating the value of the *property
to the injury of the rights of the Moore
.children, and in violation of the provisions
of the will of the deceased Jame3 Moore.
The mother's petition to have the re
ceiver removed was denied by the court,
and the Judge, in rendering his decision,
took occasion to say : "It is to the interests
of tue mother to curtail the amount ex
pended in repairs to the minimum limit
in order to increase her annual income.
It is.to the interest of her son Robert to
increase the amount expended in repairs
to the maximum limit in order to make
the property more valuable, a 9 he has an
interest in the remainder after her death.
The court is of the opinion that undef the
circumstances of this mass of litigation,
and the peculiar relation existing between
the parties, it is best for the trust property
that their claims and management to the
Woodland ditch be set aside and rsvoked,
and some disinterested person De appointed
to assume full control and management
thereof."
At the present time the ditch is in a
deplorable condition and it is difficult to
understand how it is to be improved.
The dam was built by James Moore in
1881 at a cost of $50,000. Will the mother
rebuild it at a cost of $35,000 or $40,000
simply to increase the value of property
that is not hers? Will the children re
build it so long as the mother lives and re
ceives the net income?
In view of all this, in view of the litiga
tion that disrupts all peaceful relations
among the Moore heirs, the wretched con
dition of the ditch property, the poor pros-
pect of its being improved, it seems doubly
imperative that the people along Cache
Creek for whose happiness and prosperity
God traced that beautiful stream down
from the hills shall organize themselves
under the State law and proceed at once
to construct an irrigation system commen
surate with their needs and the grand op
portunities which nature offers for the de
velopment of this county and city.
A Sore Throat, a Distressing Cough, Asthma
or any symptoms indicating a Pulmonary or
Bronchial affection, are speedily removed by Dr.
D. Jayne's Kxpectoraut.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
. To-day's Entries at Bay District' Track.
.'r races wb*>re the ■ torses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
;jgt«ncc are given. -; : - ' .• . .-'' ■ ' • •'•.,. .'
Abbreviations— F., fast: Fa., fair; ll.', heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs: selling; non-winners this year.
I Best
, record.
" "i
Index.
Name.
Dlst.
Lbs
777 I
923 j
492 j
921 I
771 !
882 :
918 :
895 i
824
876
921
923
856
821 i
• 923 i
■ 902 !
•' 875 !
891
921 j
Rocket . 1 105 no rec.
{Raphael 100 1:07
Miss Garven.... 99 1:09
Monterey .99 1:13%
jPuluski . iUl|lt4o%
O'Fleeta 106 !
Quarterstaff 105 1:15" +
Yreka 108 1:01%
Gondola 98 1:08
Duke Stevens. . 108
Wild Rose 105,1:09.,
DeArno : 101 1 1 -.02 1 4
Irish Chief...... 100 no rec.
Harry Lewis. ... 10'J no rec.
jNellieCJ 98 l:l3Vi
Jim Corbett 105 1:14%
Johnny Caproti. 101 1:08% 1
Garcia 100 1:411/2
I Tuberose....;... 103 no rec.
"ft if ""
5%f
I*6
I lm
5%f
! 5 i . •
; 5Va t
w
5f
98'H..
86 F...
103 F...
95 r..,
ioi' iil! ;
98 F...i
105 F...
102 F."
101 F...|
"98 F.'.!
105 F...
97 F...
96 F...
... |....
K. Kaufman j
j E. Powe
S. F. Capps
J. O. Bay ley
G. Howson '.
J. M. Buckley
.1. C. Merchant
W. E. Stewart
W. P. Fine. ........>
'(). Appleby ;.
F. W. Graham
Murphy «fe Butler ..
i F. Brown «fc'Co.
J. Maddox
J. Brenock
\V. 11. 80wen.....;.
C. I. Tliacker. . . .
A. G. Morris..
C.Earl
Cyelone-MesnM
1 Duke Norfolk-Futurity
IVllowcnarm-SiU'e Hamptn
HidulßO-Cleu Ellen
Captain Al-Hold Cup
Hurry O'Fallou-Fleeta
; Ip.Friarruck-Sr.Ruthßyan
Fioodimp. Bridget
Krunk Rhoades- Delta
Duke Norfolk-Kdua X
Wlldidle-Rosetland
Cyclone- W an za
Longfpllow-Bnbee
Wrsuilles-Cousin Kate
Sampson- Unknown
Wild idle-Rachel
-;id-Mollie Capron
Wildidle-Nightliftwk
Wildidle-ARiies B
!*6f
I 6V 2 f
1 in
1
D RACE— HaIf a mile: two-year olds; non-winners.
I Best
Lbs . record .
Owner.
Name.
903
993
890
897
903
910
917
887
903
897
910
922
897
.\iuufsua.
Dr. Martin !
Tortoise
Jerllderio
Senator Morgan
Lady Hurst
|Rebekah
Sister Modred..
Vlklne
Diublita
Lodo Star
St. Dunsten
I Alma.
100 1 no rec.
103 'no rec.
lODjno rec.
100 no rec.
100 110 rec.
100! no rec.
105 no rec.
100.no rec.
100 no tpc.
106 .n0 rec.
108 no rec.
108 no rec.
i 100 j no rec.
Cambridge stable..
Marcin &o'Connell
E. Powe
W. Earp
A. Maddox
William Napier....
L. M. Appleoy
C'aiiiomia stable...
O. Wright
Nevada stable...:..
El Primero stable..
D. A. Honig
BurnsitWaterhouse
I Prince of Norfolk-Kda
El Rio Rey-Florenre A
Brown Fox-Turquoise
Rathbone-Miss M el bourne
i Ajiache-Madam Wheatley
j Imp. Martinhurst-Cheeriul
'Imp. Mf-rriwa-Raindrop
: InSirModred-slsUimDougls
Ilirald-Eileena
Joe Hookoi-Oxilla
Imp. M;i|lo;liian-Starlight
St. Carlo-Marilee
I Take Notice-l'icnic
I
THIRD
and a half furlongs
selling; non-winners in 1896.
Best
it-cord.
Tk.
Owner.
Name.
923
918
915
(925)
'"959" i
915
800' i
918
7 09
918
833
901 I
908 1
914
915
835
Uanford
Red Bird
Mt Air :
Sir Heel-
! Boeder
jOracie S
! Banjo
iKing Craft
Mt Roy
America
hast Chance....
Hiram Argo
jEmma D
1 Robin Mood 11..
Nelson
Charles A
ICharmion
1011
115
108
108
103
99
100
100
1:07%
1:07%
1:12
1 -.4234
l:16i/ 4
1 1:08
i 1:07%
1:02"'
; 1:08%
1:071/4
1:08 3^
! 1:16V4
1:161/4
1:08
5V2 f
6Va*
*6f
1 m
6f
6V »
6%f
'r>'f""
6 f
I si/ a f
1 sV a f
I «1
6f
6i/ 3 t,
■7'f"**
90' F... iCalitornia stable [
80 F...1K. C. Sachs !
98 F... W. B. Dodd I
105 F.. . I Almona stable 1
119 i-... w. Swift
104 F... Mttsto A Huyz
96,F... Odell stable
....|.... J. McCullough
114 F...!Krause <fe Co.
96 H-.'D. .1. Tobin I
105. F... Oakland stable ..
109 1f... B. Schrelber |
100F... C. W.Richards ,
Idl i Fa. 'H. T. Comiskey
110:F... Davenport stable I
.... .... iF. Archibald j
95| F... Dan Miller \
Imp. Kyrle Daly-Visalia
Ued Iron-Fanny Johnson
;Imp. Brutns-Yonng Jule
Alta- Dizzy Blonde
Imp. Darubin-Mura
Prm Norfolk-Gilroy Pelle
Peregrine-Lady Foster
Faustus-Ladv Croft
Faustus-Mt City Belle
[Red Iron -Lou B
Duke Norfolk- Vedette
Imp. Saxon-Gold Basis
Jack Brady- Dolly Varden
Circassian- Revelry
jDuke Norfolk-Neilson
I John A-Early Rose
! Tyrant-Unit
,i:27V*
FOURTH RACE— One mile;
Index.
(896)
901
896
880
915
919
909 I
*J2H
(923)
854 I
(893)
885
(916)
902 i
'Tar and Tartar.
St. Lee
May Day
ARh!andJCclipso
(<ov. Budd
Clara Johnson..
.lapan
FiFi
Palomacita
Unity
.Monita
Herman Ita.
Fllrtilla
;Malo Diablo....
I Best
Lbs ] Record
109 1:46
94 1:45
112 1:46.
98!l:07Va
84 1:01%
89 1:07 V*
103 i no rec.
98 1:29%
91 1:16%
97 1:13
109 i 1:411/4
100 1:381/4
103 1 : 42
108 1:48%
:46
-.45
:46 I
:07i/ a
:oiy a
: 07V4
10 rec.
:29%
w\
: 4H/4
: 381/4
: 42
: 483,4
lm
!lm7oy
1 in
if
111
Lbs Tic.
106 F..
85 F..
102 f..
107 H..
106|F..
99 H..
"93 f"!
94 1 Fa.
108 F..|
120 H..
115 Fa. I
100 F..
87 F ..
A.G. M0rri5........
S. C. Hiltfreth......
I A. P. Mi11er.........
Dr. Ho well..
j Woodlawn stable.
M. J0hn50n.........
M. F. Donovan
IS. Merrlweather....
Burns<fcWateri)Ouse
L.Kzell
M. Schwartz...
J. G. Follansbec...
O. AppleDy...
Nevada stable
Hlndoo-Brambaletta
Imp. St. George-Levee
John A-Lowena X
Logic-Blue Stockings
Fresno- Rosa G
Xl Uio Rey-Valer!e
Linden-Ell See Ess
II dalgo- Veracity
Surinam-Imp. Paloma
:Imp. Rossi ngton-Unite
'St. saviour-Nlghthawk
'Fresno-Sister Jim Douglass
! Peel-Fausline
iJoe Hooker-Oxilla
It
6f
|*6f
\\ m
\ll-lSm
II RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
918
Bt)9'
901
915
912
891
(909)
913
918
(916)
I Best
Name. Lbs 'record.
Faro 106|l:04y 2
Card well 92; 1:00%
Sen. Hoffman.. I 92!
JoeHlll 1103 ltol<4
Mollie It 98|l:08V»
Model 1100 : l:07%.
Huntsman 1103 1:07
Walter J 97il:15Vfe
Eassl 87 :60
Roadßunner... 108 1:18V4
Name.
6f
5f
I
15 r '".'
si/a *
5Va t
i!
6f .
'V* m
6f
1141
110
jTk.j
be:
;f . . I
1f...!
J11..1
!*■»..
If... |
|a. Y. Stephenson..
!\V. Earp
I). .1. Tobin
!Joe Hill
; J. Robbins
; California stable....
| P. Herzog
[P. McDermott
i Woodlawn stable.. .
{Antrim stable
Prince Norfolk-Avondale
Rathbone- Victoria
Imp. Inverness- Dora
Kins;stou-Lady Golden
Imp. Mariner-Cantenac
Imp. sir >iO(tred-Gypsy
Prince Norfolk-Haidee
limp. True Briton-LUlie S
jßen Ali-Er.za
I Joe DanielH-Miss Hooker
SIXTH BACK—
888 '
(904) !
894 j
■■(845)!
920
(920)
'Bellicoso
Reydl Kandldos
jßenham
i Figaro ,
! i-ibertine
(Joorifo Miller...
iSallieCliquoi...
j , I Best
Lbs record.' .Dtst.
107 1 1:26 7f ,
; 106 1:291/2 6f
j 89 1:13% 6f . .
103 l:4li/4 1 m
107 1 : 44% 1 m
117 1:28% 7f
87 11: 32 It
Lbs Tic.
120 F...
9(5 F...
100: F...
106, F...
115 H..
108 F...
84 ]H..
I Pueblo stable
iLone Stable
C. Dougherty
I Dr. Kowell
'J. G. Brown A Co..
|\V. L. ttanfield
|G. B. Morns & Co..
Owner.
l'eel-lrap. Jauet N
Ip. True Briiton-Em Collier
Flambeau-Geraldiue
Fonso-Morige
Leonatus-Kalalse
l.ofrin-l-.mnia
Salvator- Widow Cllquot
Pedigree.
SEVENTH RACE-Slx furlongs;
Kame.
I Best
, record.
1
LbsiTk.
105 11..'
93 F.. 1
1(12 Fa.
103 H.. 1
114 Fa. I
103 ,F...
100'F...
101 1 F...
»BiU..
Pedigree.
928 Ricarrto
857 !Mt. McGregor..
(901) • finowdow a
(873) Strath flower. . . .
914 jMorven
(882);Linville
896 iSea Spray
(907); Sir Richard
811 {Chartreuse 11..
103
1 OS
lOC
9e
.0:
O;
0:-
-101
Ot
03
3ll:16
0|l:2 8
6il:lft
2 1:1 l>
S 1:15
3 1:15
0 1:14
8jl:ll
1 1:18
81/4 6f
Wz 7f
nS a f
$3/4 «f
5Va 6f
SV4 6f
1% 6f :
134 *6 t '
I 61
\s. F. Capps I
i Burns*\Vaierlionse !
El Primero stable.. !
G. B. Monis A C 0..)
White & Clarke....
Musto it Ruys.
of Meath
P. Slebenthaler.....
1 Livingston stable..
r. c. :
Imp. Mariner-Maranet
Stratford or 1. Uhlan- \
Imp. Cheviot-Imp. Za;
tte ■
Vlcti
ira
|J. C. Humphrey |
THE NICARAGUAN CANAL.
Interesting Digest of the Report
of the Congressional
Committee.
FRIENDLY TO THE WATERWAY
Healthfulness of the Route and Its
Availability to Sailing Craft
Commended.
By CAPTAIN W. L,. MERRY.
When the Board of Engineers appointed
by authority of the Fifty-third Congress to
examine the Nicaragua canal made its re
port to the President, an incorrect version
of its contents was given the public
through anEastern journal. The publica
tion of this important paper by the Gov
ernment has consequently attracted much
interest, and has been, in some particulars,
an agreeable surprise to the friends ot the
canal.
The liealthfulness of the Nicaragua
canal route is commented upon as tin im
portant factor In its favor, 'i'lie report says:
'There seems little reason to believe that tne
general conditions in Nicaragua involve any
special rate of mortality. So far as statistics
ere attainable tney indicate healthtul condi
tions and the absence of epidemics. • • •
Only human ienoranee and the neglect of
sanitary^precautions would occasion an exces
sive mortality." (Page IS.)
The commission states that "there seems no
reason to apprehend danger from earth
quaken that will imperil the stability of canal
construction," thus dismissing one of the theo
retical objections occasionally alluded to.
(Page 15.) •
i'he eroftion by the action of water
(heavy rainfalls, whicii are copious on the At
lantic Coast and decrease rapidly inland) Is
found, by observation, to be so inconsiderable
as to remove all anxiety on that score and,
with a surface canal, the water encountered
will be under the control of engineering skill.
(Fane 39.)
Tho variety of products produced in
the country, "natural and cultivated,
are remarkable," an important observation,
in striking contrast with Suez and Jr'anaina,
indicating that the development which will
ensue in the vicinity of the canal after its con
struction is actively commenced will soon
create a commerce whicn will pay the cost of
maintenance. (Page lti.)
The prevalence of steady trade winds
over the line of the canal and in tho ap
proaches to both terminals is remarked upon,
proving that the Nicaragua canal will be
available lor sailing vessels again in con
trast with Suez and I'auama. It is largely due
to these perennial winds that Nicaragua en
joys a healthy marine tropical climate, with
cool nlphts and minimized malarial influences.
(Pages 18 and 29.) •
Tne availability of labor to be obtained
at Jamaica from a population of 400,000, from
which 15,000 to 20,000 excellent negro labor
ers can be contracted iorat fair wages, is noted
as an important advautage. (Page 18.)
After thus commenting upon the great
advantages which the canai engineer rinds
to encourage his skill, the report enters
upon tne criticism of the work already
done, and of the plans outlined for the
completion of the work. I may here re
mark that the engineers who have adopted
tue present plans are, like those who make
the report, mostly iv the service of the
United States Government and using,
aside from their own surveys, those of
other American, English and French en
gineers, since Child's survey for Vander
bilt in 1852. The commission was only
forty-one days in Nicaragua, of which
about one-half were used in examination
of tho canal line, and the residue ex
pended in visiting Managua, the capital of
NEW TO-DAT.
CwiSuits f oFThe retail
price of one* Oregon City
all-wool €assitnere made
in our own mills * Suits
made in our own shops*
new cut, patterns, colors*
Retail price elsewhere,
$is« Our wholesale price
for single suit or a hun-
dred suits, $10 each
BROOM BROS. $ €0
UMK $<mSMK $». &*« mm
proprietors Oregon llfl Mlll^ %t4%tt£
Clip aioolcn mills /ill || llf v vhM"^
the republic, and other points of interest;
a fact in contrast with the years of pains
taking work by Menocal and other engi
neers associated with him. The commis
sion remarks that their predecessors have
paid too much attention 10 hydrographic
work and not enough to hydraulics. This
is possibly correct, since over 4000 miles
.have been surveyed with instruments of
J precision before finally deciding upon the
me of the canal. The techuical criticism
; of the plans adopted by the company's
engineer cover too many points to permit j
more than a brief allusion thereto.
While the eeneral plan is approved, j
some details are objected to, notably the !
construction of the Ochoa dam, on the |
San Juan River, where the board would j
prefer a cut-stone masonry instead of a
rock-rill dam. But, admitting its feasi
bility as arranged, recommendations are |
made for its improvement and for increas
ing its dimensions, necessarily also its
cost. Many other minor changes are sug
gested as improvements, among them in- ■
creased dimensions of the canal in some j
places, an increase in the number of locks, !
some changes in harbor plans, etc.
A recommendation is made to raise the
summit level two feet, from 110 to 112
feet, a change often suggested before, and i
apparently advantageous. Carefully con- ]
sidering the various changes recommended I
the impartial reader and student of the
questions presented will accept some and
reject others, but it is proper to note that
every change suggested materially in
creases the cost.
The apparent inconsistency of the in
creased cost estimate has attracted public
attention, but a careful examination of
the report makes the reason plain. It is
evident that the commission landed in j
Nicaragua with the Panama fiasco im
pressed upon their meutal vision. They
were to append their names to a Govern
ment report, and naturally decided to take
no chances on cost; to err on the right
side if any error occurred.
With "standard double-track construc
tion railways" at eoch end of the line;
locks increased in number; additions to
dimensions of sections of the canal; $4,000,
--000 tor management; $1,000,000 for sani
tariums; $500,000 for lights and buoys,
etc. ; the estimates are increased.
But the greatest change, which has in
! creased the company's estimate of $69,
--893,660 to $133,472,893, ia caused by the in
creased units of cost, arbitrarily fixed.
The units of cost used by the company's
engineers are 30 to 40 per cent higher than
are being paid at the Chicago drainage
and ship canal, and, to the company s
figures, another 30 to 40 per cent is added
by tne commission! I may make two
comparisons to prove this: Chicago drain
age canal — Dredging per cubic yard, b l /> to
8 cents; rock excavation, 59 to 74 cents.
Nicaragua Canal Company— Dredging, 25
to 30 cents; rock excavation, $1 26 to $1 50;
Commission report — Dredging, 40 cents ;
rock excavation, $5.
The fact of a day's labor representing
less work in Nicaragua than at Chicago
or any other acceptable reason will not
explain these increased units of cost, es
pecially as the crude labor in Nicaragua is
payable in silver at about 40 per cent re
duction. The San Francisco Harbor Com
mission officially reports its dredging to
cost 6.87 to 12.97 cents per cubic yard, and
both coal and labor are higher here than
any part of the country, while the class of
dredges used by the Harbor Commission
is antiquated. Why should it cost 40 cents
gold in Nicaragua? More than ever be
fore, machinery will do the greatest part
of the work on the canal, and in hydraulic
work, which is impeded by ice and cold ,
weather at Chicago, machinery will cer- I
tainly do as much or even more work in I
Nicaragua, although it has to be taken ]
there, and fuel will cost somewhat more, i
The enormously increased units of cost
can only be explained on the basis of hav
ing "a dead sure" estimate, to secure pro
fessional reputation, and even then a con
tingency estimate of 20 per cent is added
to increase the figures to the total com
mission estimate. It is suggestive in this
connection that a responsible Chicago con
tracting firm has offered to construct the
western division of the canal for the com
pany's estimate, including the con
tineency, and to give bonds for faithful
performance. The Government can easily
test the matter by inviting bids in subdi
visions for the entire work, under proper
restrictions.
The mercantile mind, equally cautious
as that of tne engineer, has accepted the
cost of the Nicaragua canal as approxi
mating $100,000,000, and it iseasy to prove
that it will pay a handsome return on even
more than the commission estimate.
But a thorough knowledge of all con
ditions involved, resulting from an in
vestigation of years and of a thorough
personal acquaintance with the canal
route, justifies me in the opinion that con
tractors engaging for a completed canal at
$100,000,000 will make a proht of $10,000 000
to $12,000,000. Under conditions of con
struction, at times permitted by the
Government, it might cost more. But the
people of the United States are willing ;o
leave technical details to engineers. As
President Cleveland lately remarked to one
of our Congressmen, "The canal ia the
most popular work before our people," and
they demand its construction because it
has become a necessity, which will ulti
mately overcome all opposition. Even the
transportation interests that now oppose
it from the fear of competition will finally
admit its beneficent results to the prop
erties intrusted to their management? To
the Pacific Coast the canal means rapid
development, and this will increase the
prosperity of every inland transportation
interest.
San Francisco, March 24, 1896.
TO BUY CHINO RANCHO
Agents of an English Syndicate
Come for Final Settle
ment.
G. Wilding and J. V. Gilmore, of London,
representing a big English syndicate that
is making negotiations for the purchase of
the Chino Rancho of 40,000 acres in San
Bernardino County, arrived here yester
day and are at the Palace.
The visit of these two men is for the pur
pose of making final investigation into the
title of the property, and is believed to be
only a formality preparatory to the con
summation of the sale of the extensive
estate.
Some little time ago the ranch was put
in charge of Easton & Eldridge of this
City, with directions to sell it. Shortly
after taking charge Mr. Eldridge left for
England, where he purposed to interest
Enelish capital in the enterprise. The
price then understood was $1,600,000.
The return of Mr. Eldridge and the pres
ence of these representatives of an English
syndicate would indicate that the sale is
all but accomplished.
The idea of the English purchasers is to
subdivide the ranch and to form a colony
of settlers that will be brought out from
England to develop the land.
Several hundred acres of the ranch have
I for some time been devoted to the raising
of sugar beets, a factory for the extraction
of beet sugar being located on the place.
It is not, however, the intention of the
syndicate to buy the beet sugar industry
already in operation, but to extend the
cultivation of sugar beets throughout as
much of the section a3 is well suited to
that particular product.
If everything proves satisfactory the
| Englishmen will take possession at once,
paying the whole amount during the first
year, and not taking advantage of several
years originally suggested in the terms of
sale.
. SEW TO-DAT. ; :
J^Bm& Mm 4ul
uo You OseW
A Battery? 3*~
AN ELECTRIC BATTERY", BY THB
exercise of much patience, you spend
j fifteen or twenty minutes in its application
; daily. You get good results from it, ol
! course; but the time spent, the inconveni-
ence, the jarring, jolting sensations it gives
your nerves, unpleasant, and not always
satisfactory. The battery sometlnaei
causes injury.
THIS IS WHY
I It is like trying to force a big foot into »
email shoe— sometimes it will go, but it
hurts the shoe, and the foot. The shock
from the battery jars the nerves and the
good it does is in the shaking up you get,
not that you absorb any strength, for you
don't.
DR. SANDEN'S
ELECTRIC BELT /
DOES what the battery aims to do; It/
j soaks strength into the weakened nerves.'
There is no shock, only a steady, even cur»
rent. You feel it all the time, and it gives
I you Electricity slowly for hours at a time,
as you wear it while you : sleep: You ab«
sorb this current and it stays in the body.
IT CURES
! All nervous or chronic weakness, kidn«y
! trouble, torpid liver, weak stomach, lan«
| back, rheumatism, in fact, it cures all ds-
eases arising from weakness or inaction of
; the organs of ; the body. 1 s : I
Get the book, "Tnree Classes of M«a,
tree. Full inform ation. I
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
632 Market Street. San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. . Office hoars: -8 a. a. 10
8:30 p. m.; Sundays," 10 to 1.
Xga ANGELES, OFFICE POBTLAND, &..
ANGELES, CAL., I PORTLAND, OR..
I \ wi> SoutJi Broadway, \ 263 WMUlngtonatxW*A RELIGIOUS PRODIGY.
Little Mary, Pet of the Girls'
Training Home, in
Italy.
TRIED TO GET TO THE HILLS.
Work of Reclamation Being Done by
a Worthy Institution in the
Mission.
An oda little girl, with big, soft black
eves and a thoughtful face that might, as
far as seriousness goes, belong to a woman,
took steerage passage on one of the Atlan
tic liners the other day. A forlorn little
licure it was, notwithstanding the fact that
it was surrounded by a troop of other chil
dren, with dark Italian faces and large,
wondering eyes.
The child was "Little Mary," the former
pet and prodigy of the Girls' Training
Home of this City. Every one who has
visited that institution remembers Mary
Scravoni, the elfin child, with vivacious
manners and a queer history. '
Mary is the daughter of an Italian ash
man. She is the oldest child in a large
family, and a year ago she tired of her en
vironment. She grew tired of attending
the wants of little brown babies who, as
soon as they learned to understand Mary
and there was a curious language of pan
tomime established between them, were
duplicated by other and smaller human
copies. She used to look out at the green
hills, so near and yet so far to her rhildish
comprehension, and wish she were wan
dering over them, far from the stuffy little
room and the large-eyed crying baby.
One day when the newest baby was
asleep she put on her tattered hat and
started toward the hills. She wandered
along streets and tarried at shop windows
she had never seen. She crossed the street
just before an electric car that whizzed
past her so Quickly it made her head ache.
Then she hurried on to the stretch of
green just ahead and walked and walked
until she was tired and sank down to
Bleep. The hills were still at a distance
when she awoke, but a big blue-coated
policeman was leaning over her.
She was frightened at the sight and be
tween her sobs asked him to let her leave
him ana all those people and wander on to
the beautiful green hills. But be was re
lentless and the queer, fanciful child soon
found herself in a courtroom where her
sire, the ashman, was testifying that he
could not keep her at home, in fact that
she was incorr.gible.
She was committed to a prison-like
house where the children called her
"Mooneyes" and said she acted as though
she were asleep. So she slipped away
again and ran toward the hills that con
tained so much of promise to her. Like
Moses of old she was destined never to set
foot upon that alluring ground, for once
more a stern-voiced man with a silver star
on his breast overtook her.
Again she was brought into court, and
again declared incorrigible. This story
was repeated once, twice, thrice, indeed
many nine-;, until one day a kind lady
w.th a fair face and a sweet smile put her
arms about ncr and asked her why she
waa so naughty and persisted in running
away. Mary leaned her head on the ma
tronly shoulder and cried as she never
had before, while she told her story about
being tired of the house and the con
stantly recirring babies and of her longing
Jor tne wonderful, far-away green hills.
The lady's eyes were moist when she had
heard thVlast word of the pathetic little
story. She pushed back the tangled brown
hair an i touched Mary's forehead with
her lips. It had been a long time since
Mary had been kissed, aud thai little act
made her the good lady's willing subject
for life.
"Will you give up your trip to the hills
fora while and go with me to a home
where there are other girls, older and sad
der girls thanvou?" asked the lady, and
Mary nodded. She went with the lady to a
smail house on a quiet street where there
were other girls, some of them almost as
young as herself, but all with faces on
whicn were written characters little
Mary's pure, dreamy eyea could not de
cipher. The girls saw this and never per
mitted her to read the riddle. She was
not of them, although with them, and they
loved her for it.
"Little Mary" some one called her when
she made her debut in the queer circle,
and 'Little Mary" she will always be to
them. She never lost the old drtaminess,
but displayed an aptitude for reading and
applying what she read. The old book
that* man}' discard now was a newly dis
covered treasure to her. Strangely apt
were her quotations from it. "Man looketh
upon the outward appearance, but God
seeth the heart," she said when one of
the girls complained that her dress was
shabby.
"Fear no evil, for I am with thee," she
used to say when she encountered that
ogre of childhood, a dark room, and when ■
she looked away at the loved hills with the
hope that some day the ladies who were so j
kind to her would permit her to make that
long-deferred journey (she never thought I
of going without permission, now), she !
used to say, "I will look toward the hills
whence comet h my help."
Mary was happy now. She was peering
into the mysteries of learning and she was
learning the joys of thoughtfuiness for |
others.
Ladles who visited the home always
noted the eerie little face and elfish form,
and one of them talked vaguely of taking ;
"Little Mary" to her home as a companion j
for her children.
One day there was a sharp, sudden blow I
and Mary awoke from her happiness. Her j
sire, the'ashnian, presented himself at the i
neat, quiet home and demanded his j
daughter. The family was about to return ;
to Italy, and she must go with them.
There was no appeal from the parental
court. His rights had never been re
linquished. So Mary made ready for the
journey.
There was much weeping the night she
ieft. There was a quaver in the little
voice as it plead, "Dear Lord, make our
homes happy wherever they may be, but
yon know there is no other home 'zactly
like this." . i
And Mary went out into the rain and
the night, leaving happiness behind and
going forward to duty. Tne simple, pa
ihetic arnnals of the modest home at 26
Hill streer will never contain more touch
ing history, nor one more often recalled,
than that of "Little Mary."
I,abor Unions Active.
This weeK there will be a number of in
teresting meetings in labor circles. To
night-the Painters' Union will hold its
regular weekly meeting, at which past
progress and future plans of the strike will
he discussed. On Thursday night there
wLI be a mass-meeting of carpenters to
dis*u«>s the working-card system that goes
into effect on April ]1. On Wednesday
niz.it the striking painters will have their
bemrit at the Bush-street Theater and the
Dist-ict Council of Carpenters will meet,
ami on Thursday night the. Bunding
Trades ' Council will assemble. p All of
thesi. meetings will be held at the Temple,
1 ■"> 1 1 rk street. :
Cut by » Tree.
H. a Stegman of 1014 Magnolia street, Oat
land, .as treated at the Receiving Hospital
last evning : for an ugly laceration "of the
scalp. He was a passenger on one of , the over
crowd*, steam-cars of C. P. Huutington,
nine trim ihe<;iiff House. In. V^smgiatoxieb
a aarnncnt; where the railroad company ha>
saved noncy'by failin* to cot the brush a
branch tf a tree caught Stegman's head, rip
h\ve hiß,calp.
Mary Scravoni, the Pet and Prodigy of the California Girls' Training Home.
THE STRIKERS' BENEFIT.
Fine Array of Professional Tal
ent for Next Wednesday
Night.
Nearly All the Seats in the Bush-
Street Theater Sold to Friends
of the Cause.
The benefit that the theatrical people of
this City propose to give to the striking
painters on next Wednesday evening
promises to be the best ever given on the
coast. Before the project was twenty-four
hours on foot there was enough volunteer
professional talent to run three shows.
Of ihose who were requested to take part
in the entertainment not one refused or
made an excuse for not being able to lend
a hand in the cause.
The idea of raiding money for the relief
of the striking painters originated with
W. Danielson, one of the hardest working
men in the cause of unionism. At first
the idea was not favorably received by the
strikers, who thought that it would be an
unprofitable venture, but Danielson would
not have it that way, for he said, '.'Boys, if
you will give me the authority to go ahead
I will secure taleVit, hire a theater and fill
it and it will not cost the union a single
cent. It will be a clear gain and before
this strike is over $-500 or $600 will not
come in amiss. Just tell me to go ahead."
Permission was given and the enthusi
astic fellow told to pick such a committee
las he desired to help him. The sum of
i $20 was also given to him for necessary
expenses. The committee he selected con
sists of T. J. Maloney, Robert Barber, A!
Feline and L. Taylor.
It was as Danielson said; there was
no trouble in securing the services of those
who sympathize with the laboring
man and it was with great care tnat
the selection of the artists was made by
j the committee.
The tirst selected was Frisky Barnett,
who is Known as t<e Tony Pastor of the
Wesf, and his wife, who is known in the
profession as Ida Clayton, the queen of
burlesque. This couple recently arrived
from the East and propose to open a the
ater of their own very soon. All the bene
fit they will keep tne audience laughing
with their local hits bearing upon the
strike. Barnett will officiate as stage
manager.
Gilbert and Goldie are also down on tne
bill. This team of comic artists is well
known to the public.
Another who is well known and of whom
the people never tire is Ellen Coursen-
Roeckef. She will introduce a Golden
We-t song, the "Banner of the Bear,"
composed by her husband, Professor
Roeckol, who will officiate at the piano.
Professor C. P. yon Ocr, a violin soloist
of no small pretensions, has consented to
appear in several selections.
Miss Annie Rooney, the balladist of
whom the boys sing so often, is also on the
programme.
An in i.erestiug feature will be introduced
in the shape of a team of athletes from the
Olympic Cluo.
One of the striking attractions will be
the Swedish Sing ng Society, eighteen in
number. It will be remembered that tuis
body of vocalists took the first prize at the
vocal contest at the World's Fair at Chi
cago.
By permission of L. Grover of the Al
cazar Miss Josephine Gassiuan, the special
| ty vocalist, will contribute her talent.
One ot the best friends the Painters'
I Union has is Professor T. W. Bree, the
banjo soloist. He will be there also.
No show was ever complete without an
Irish vocalist. Tnere will be one at the
benefit in the person of John T. Spickett,
who was among the first to offer his serv
ices.
H. P. Barbee, the silver-tone tenor, is
down for a number.
La Petite Rosa and Bertie Brightling are
both well-known to the public. They will ;
appear in their banjo soios and specialties.
Carter and Grenell, Irish comedians, |
Frank Silver and John Wyatt, the song j
I and dance team, Lillian Montgomery, the i
'vocalist; A..J. Holden, Thomas E. Leary
' and Misd Kittie Belmorein a "Night From
j Oliver Twist," and many other favorites
will also appear in their special roles.
It is predicted that tiie financial feature j
will be as successful as that of the profes- j
sional. The theater will hold about 1500 i
people and even at this early day the
larger part of the house is sold and but few j
tickets arc left. Carpenters' Union No. 22 j
started out by ordering 350 tickets and the ;
lroquois Club is down lor a goodly num- j
ber. Nearly all of the labor unions have j
' placed generous orders. All of the boxes j
have been sold to prominent people.
Like the talent the orchestra is also vol- ■
unteer and hrst-class, being the contribu- j
tion of the Musicians' Union. Prof. Jacob- i
son will be the leader. Kohler & Chase
have contributed the piano.
At 1 o'clock Wednes fay afternoon there
will be a rehearsal in the theater.
There will be no free li«t and popular
prices are the order.
AT THE THEATERS.
The Attractions That Are to Be Offered
at the Different Theaters This
Evening-
This evening James O'Neill will make
his appearance at the Baldwin in "Monte
Cristo," a play that has made him famous
all over the United States. He will as
sume the leading character and will he
supported by a first-class company. This
is to be a souvenir night.
Milton Royle's company will open at the
California Theater with "Friends," a com
edy-drama that has already met with a
cieat >leal of success. Lucius Henderson,
a pupil of Joseffy, will appear in the char
acter of Adrian Karje. the pianist.
"Sinbad," that wonderful extravaganza
that never grows tiresome, will be con
tinued at the Columbia Theater this even
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
ing and during the rest of the week. This !
production of Dave Henderson speaics for \
itself and the crowded houses testify to its
popularity.
At the Grand Opera-house this evening
there will be offered "The Red Pocket
book," a strong melodrama adapted from
the French, which is to be put on with
striking and novel stage effects. The cast
is an unusually large one, embracing about
lifty people.
The continuous performance at the Al
cazar this evening will include a number
of new dances and miscellaneous special
ties. "The Homestead" will be presented,
with Fanny Young and Leonard Grover
Jr. in the cast. "Passing Events" has
proved popular.
At the Tivoli Opera-house the manager
has decided to continue "Said Pasha" for
another week, so that will be the attrac
tion for this evening. Carrie Roma and
Anna Schnabel will, as in tne past, con
tinue to portray the leading feminine char
acters.
The many attractions that were offered
at the Orpheum Music Hall last week
proved so popular that it has been deter
mined by the management to continue the
same bill this week. This is one of the
very best bills that have been offered at
this house.
The Georgia Minstrels, genuine colored
men, are to open at the New Auditorium
Artists Who Will Appear Wednesday Night at the Benefit to Be Given to the' Striking Painters.
at Jones and Eddy streets to-night. Billy
Kersands, the "king-pin" of colored per
formers, will appear, as will also a number
of performers who are said to be artists of
the hrst rank.
At Macdonough's Theater in Oakland
Anna Eva Fay will open a four nights' en
gagement, during which she will present
the cabinet tricks and the other features
that have made her entertainments at
tractive.
THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Harlow, the Coast Champion, and Wil
liams Defeated by Donnelly, the Am
ateur Champion, and ilutchinnon.
Several interesting games were played in
the handball courts yesterday, which were
crowded.
Following were the games played in the
courts:
San Francisco Court— W. Manion and M. Mc-
Neil defeated P. Ryan and G. Magnire, 21—18,
15— 31, 21— 16. W*. Stansbury and J. Collins,
defeated M. Edwards and J. White, 21—11,
IS— ai, 21— 14. R. Shea and P. Ryan played
\V. Mmiion and If. McNeil and each *ide won a
rub. I-'. Mitchell and C. Collopy defeated W.
Sullivan and G. Moran, 21— i», 13-21, 21— 16.
J. Nelson defeated P. Hntrhinson, 21—14,
17— 21, 21-19, 12-21, 21— 15. M. McDonald
and C. Sullivan defeated D. O'Brien and Ben.
Chapman, 21— 13, 19—21, 21—16. J. Slattery
and J. Mcfevelly defeated D. Connolly and W.
Williams. 4-21, 16-21, 21-17. 21-14,21
--19. P. Donnelly, the amateur champion, and
G Hutchinsou defeated J. Harlow, the Coast
champion, and W. Williams. 16—21, 21—12,
21-19, 21—14.
Union Court— J. Roger and J. Lnvigne defeated
P. Pontagtmd G. McGuire, 21—19, 21—17. L.
Conlon and M. Shaughnessy defeated T. Sheri
dan and William Riordnn, 21—16, 21—18. M.
T. Morton and M. Schutte defeated M. Collins
and U Murphy, 21—15, 21—17. T. Leu in an and
.1. Gleeson defeated 1. McGuinn and F. Kirbey,
21—19, 21—18, 21-15. Henry Wessling mid
I. Madden defeated \V. Kehoe and William
Wessling, 21—15, 21—19. O. Heudry and 3.
O'Donnell defeated Terry MeManus and James
Nelson, 16—21, 21—18, 19—21, 21—10, 21—17.
Al Pennoyer and R. Lenihan defeated J. J.
Feeney and P. Hutchinson, 17—21, 21—20,
21-18, 19-21, 21-19.
Got face or other ache? Use Mitchell's Magic
Lotion. May ulcerate it you don't. •
SAN LEANDRO TRIANGLE
Ten-Mile Try-Outs of the Clubs
to Decide the Relay
Riders.
FASTEST TIME WAS 26:31.
The Bay City, San Francisco, Califor
nia and Imperial Clnb Men
Competed.
For the first Sunday in several weeks the
wheelmen had an opportunity to ride in
the country yesterday, and it was taken
advantage of by hundreds of them. San
Leandro and Haywards were the destina
tions of the majority on the Oakland side
of the bay, though some went farther, and
lunched at Centerville and even San Jose.
On this side a great many rode down to
San Mateo, and a large party of Olympic
Club Wheelmen, under Captain Fawcett,
went to Redwood City.
The country roads in every direction are
in much better condition than was ex
pected. Save for a few rough and gravelly
places the'ten-mile stretch from Fruitvale
to Haywards is perfect for bicycle riding,
and the road to San Mateo is good except
some portions of the bay road between
I here and San Bruno. There is such a
I heavy traffic on it between these points on
j account of the large number of vegetable
I gardens and dairies situated thereabouts,
i that ruts have been formed on each side,
! leaving a narrow ridge in the center upon
; which the wheelmen must ride, and even
| a good rider can only maintain a low rate
j of speed for the first dozen miles out of the
! City.
The attraction for the riders across the
bay yesterday was the several ten-mile try
) outs of clubs from this City wliich will
j enter teams in the great 100-mile relay
I race on April 12. Nearly all the clubs will
■ have these try-outs, for while it is easy for
j the various captains to name from five to
I eight of the men who will ride on their
respective teams, it is a hard matter to
choose the remaining number to make up
tne requisite ten men from each club, so
these try-outs are held to decide who
i among the many aspirants for positions
! on the relay teanis are entitled to tbe
I honor, for such it is most decideuly con
sidered, and the men showing the most
speed in these practice spins are the ones
from whom the choices are made.
What the wheelmen term "try-outs"
differ materially from scratch or handi
cap road races. In scratch events- all the
j men start from one mark at the same time.
i In handicap races the men who are known
j not to possess as much speed as others are
! allowed to start a little ahead, the handi-
I cap varying from three to four minutes in
i a ten-mile race. The man who is slowest,
I in the judgment of the handicapper, would
be given that much time allowance; the
next best man a few seconds less, and so
on in rotation, the best man starting last.
Generally in handicap races tlie scratch
men make best time while some man who
has a considerable time allowance
wins the race, and bia ability thus proven
insures him a position back near the
scratch mark in the next race.
But try-outs are entirely different, for
the men are started alone, one minute
apart, ride alone unpaced the entire dis
tance, and whatever time a rider makes
the distance in is credited to him. A man
ridinc ten miles in sny 27 or 28 minutes
would be a likely candidate for relay hon
ors, as he could probably be counted to do
as well or better in that race; while the
man dome no better than 30 or 31 minutes
would not be favorably considered, .as
most relays are ridden much faster than
that. Thus the men are "tried out" and
the speedy ones separated from the slow i
riders on their own merits.
The Bay City Wheelmen, San Francisco |
Road Club, California Cycling and Imperial j
Cycling Clubs all held try-outs at San i
Leandro yesterday, the men of the first
three clubs riding around the triangle and
the Imperials riding from Fruitvale
through San Leandro to Hay wards. The i
best time made by any one wa* that of G. !
Krafts, one of the Bay City Wheelmen, 26
minutes 31 seconds for t< n miles. The other
Bay City riders were Reynaud, Vincent,
Hall, D»y, Languetin. Menne, Welis,
Hawks, Sheldon. Still, Griffiths and Mc-
Kay. McKay fell and Griffiths punctured
his tire, so neither finished. The times of
the other men were very fast, all under
twenty-eight minutes, but President Ker- j
riean would not announce them as he
wishes to keep the performances secret
until after the club's relay team, is com
pleted.
The California Club riders were Theisen,
Sternberg, Coulter, Williams, Thomas,
Cardinell, Pohr.-nann, Van Dyne, Wall,
Johnson, R.obbins, Madden, Coppin.
Cook and Tuttie. Captain Mayo took the
umes of the riders and will use them to
aid him in selecting the club's team. In
this try-out Johnson and Kobbins a'so
rose a special match race to decide who
was the better rider and finished a tie, so
that the question is still undecided.
Thiel, Goodwin, Friedlander, Lewis,
Kobert M. Mobius, Once Known as the "Socrates of the California Athens," Now
a Single-Tax Convert and on His Way to Assist in the Campaign in Delaware.
O'Malley, Farnsworth, Peiser, Korn and a
number of others rode for the San Fran
j cisco Road Club. Seven of the club's re
; lay riders are already selected, so that only
three were to be chosen from this lot. Cap
tain Pixley will announce his selections in
'. a few days.
The Imperial Cycling Club had the
greatest number of riders out for trial yes
; terday. The relay committee, consisting
i of Captain Catanich, Secretary Euan and
i Messrs. Burns and Miliett, decided that
any one wishing a place on the team,
must ride in the try-out and no one would
I be given a place who did not. This brought
| out all the good men and several rising
I stars in the racing world, as follows: C!a
brough, Cook, Mack, Langer, Metcalf, Gil
: bert Drotbers, Young, Manakie, Barley,
; May, Wiejiman, Cassasa. Boiree, Guiney,
; Perkins, Chapman, Flynn, E. Tooker.
I Morrin and Alborelle. Mack made the
best time, 27 minutes 28 seconds., with Al
borelle a close second. All the men fin
ished and none met with accidents, quite
i remarkable in itself.
After the races the men rode to Hay
wards and had lunch, and returned later
in the afternoon, singly and in groups,
each of the latter generally being led by
a tandem as pacemaker. There are fifteen
of these two-seaters in the Imperial Club
\ now. and the Bay Citys have fourteen.
i Tandem-riding is" a very popular style of
enjoying the sport, and the demand for
them is greater than the supply.
George H.Stratton and Henry F.Wynne
of the road pacing committee of the asso
ciated clubs rode over the last five relays
yesterday measuring the intermediate dis
tances accurately^ with cyclometers and
marking the starting and finishing points.
James Joyce Jr., Henry A. Goddard,
Ro«s E. Lozier, F. C. Cbandler, J. A.
Ostendorf and E. Edwin Stoddard rode to
I San Jose Saturday, returning yesterday.
They report the road 9on both sides of the
I bay in excellent condition.
The Acme Club wheelmen will hold
■ their try-out next Sunday at San Leandro
i to aid in the selection of their relay team.
I This club is looknd upon to finish in tirst,
I second or Inird position without fail, and
: the names of its riders will be watched for
with considerable interest by the pther
clubs.
The Liberty Cycling Club will hold an
! election to-morrow evening. The Em
I tracht Wheelmen had their first club run
i to the park yesterday under Captain Frank.
PALM SUNDAY.
The Day Celebrated With Interesting
Ceremonies in the Catholic
Churches.
Palm Sunday was celebrated with the
u?ual ceremonies that belong to the day
in all the Catholic churches of the City
yesterday. There was a large attend
ance at all tbe masses and palms were dis
tributed among the members of the con
gregation.
It was on this day that Jesus entered
into Jerusalem and the church distributes
green palm branches to commemorate the
event. The people went to meet Jesus
and in their enthusiasm scattered green
branches in his pathway. The ceremony
of blessing and presenting the palm to the
worshipers is a very simple one.
Holy week will De observed with the
usual ceremonies, recalling the suffering
and death of tne Lord. There will be
special services in the churches on next
Thursday, whith is Holy Thursday, Good
Friday and Easter Sunday
AID FOR STREET ARABS
Monsignor Nugent Speaks of
His Labors for Destitute
Children.
Says That Prevention and , Protec
tion Are More Effectual
Than Remedy.
Kight Rev. Monsignor Nugent of Liver
pool, Eng., addressed a large audience
yesterday at the Youths' Directory on
Howard street. The building was crowded
from the entrance door to the chapel and
probably five times many people were
unable to find even standing room.
Monsignor Nugent, whose remarkable
success in alleviating the hard condition
of the street arab has made him famous ail
over, the world, has the kindliest and !
sunniest manner, and it is not to be mar
veled at that boys take to him so readiiy. |
In the course of his remarks he related ■
the circumstances that led him to begin !
tuis movement for the benefit of the chil- t
dren who arc thrown on the streets of
great cities to fight their own way.
In 1864 he found that in Liverpool there j
were 40,000 boys roaming the streets with
no settled habits, and learning vice and
crime rather than honest means to pro
vide for themselves. •
He first hired an old abandoned theater
on Water street, Liverpool, into which he
gathered as many of these boys as he could
induce to come*. He ascertained their
names and found out the circumstances of
their poverty.
This being soon after the Crimean War
he was enabled to get at very reasonable
rates from the ships lying in harbor beds
and bedding for" the new home. Soon
after he persuaded the longshoremen
along the wharves to lay aside one penny
a week of their drink money for the sup
port of these boys.
This was the nucleus of a fund that con
stantly increased and from this humble
beginning has sprung the present Youths'
Directory.
The speaker said that boyg who have
been brought up in this home have filled
places of high honor and respectability
when they attained manhood. In fact he
meets them all over the world, men who
shako his hand and tell him they owe
their manhood to his endeavors. He ex
plained the system was one of prevention
and of protection rather than of remedy,
and said it was deserving of great assist
ance since it depends neither on the city
nor the State for its support.
A bamboo church organ is reported to
have been built at Shanghai, and it is said
to surpass organs made of metal.
NEW TO-DAT.
i
She's Proud—Proud of Him
==Proud of His Clothes.
We made them for him — 3-btitton Cutaway
black Clay Worsted — only $13.50. Looks bet-
ter, lits better and will wear better than any $15
ready-made suit. It ia the same suit exactly
that your merchant tailor charges $25 for. In
our Ready-Made Department we save you $3 to
$10 on every suit.
We've the cloth — costs us less than any tai-
lor ; we've the cutters — best to be had ; we've
the operators — more of them and better ones.
Why shouldn't we make superior clothing for
less?
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
WHOLESALE TAILORS,
OUR ONLY BRANCH In S. P. r- A 1 TV/I A DWCTP QT
Is at 21 1 Montgomery st. Avoid r)4l I VI /\ I*l IV Erf 1 Oil
firms using a similar name. W '/•• ■
IS THE ONLY SOLUTION
Oakland's Boy Preacher to Teach
Single-Tax Theory in
Delaware.
HE IS A RECENT CONVERT.
A Talk With a Zealous Reformat
Who Sees Hope in Freedoa
of Land.
Robert M. Mobius is a recent valuable
acquisition to the forces of the single-tax
men of this City.
It may be said that he was no sooner
won than lost, for he goes to Delaware this
week to assist in the experimental and
educational campaign already under way
in that State.
Mr. Mobius is a unique figure among
politicians, in that he is a scholar and a
religious enthusiast. He has investigated
various reformatory measures of the day
and is firm in hid conclusion that the
single tax is the only solution of economic
problems. He will give his farewell ad
dress at Foresters' Hall on Wednesday
evening.
The young man— he is but 26 years of
age — who has been called the "boy
preacher" and the 'Socrates of the Califor
nia Athens," is a grave, dignified youth,
with a thoughtful face and the air of a
student rather than an active participant
in affairs. He impresses one with his
earnestness and sincerity of purpose, and
! looks like a man who is capable of giving
i the best efforts of bis Jife to a cause he may
espouse.
Such is his intention. He is alive with
zeal for the campaign and hopefully
prophetic of its outcome.
•*I believe it will be an epoch-making
campai n," he said. "It will be to the
world of economics what the heliocentric
theory was to astronomy. It will mark
the reign of justice and equity, and of
industrial freedom. It will be a rapid
evolution.
"I have found socialism faulty," he ob
served, "because it appears to me to be
l>ased upon materialism. It would seem
to resort to coercion and forcible means,
and so with other movements in the direc
tion of reform. They are assailable, while
the single tax is in; pregnable."
Mr. Mobius is a native of Leipsic and a
student of the university of that city. He
had nearly completed the classical course
of that institution when he resolved to come
to America to escape being drafted into
the army. "I loathe the idea of war," he
said.
Primarily, perhaps, his object is to brmg
his fellow-man into closer relation with
the divine principle.as he puts it in his met
aphysical phraseology. "I find the most
intelligent peopie of the day lean toward
agnosticism," he said. "Materialism is
unlovely to them. Religion is veiled.
Hence they stop at agnosticism. I believe
when the environment of the masses be
comes more favorable to spiritual growth
there will be such growth. Institutional
reform first, then individual reform."
MAX MEYFR SHOT.
Frank Bliller Regents an Insult With a
Bullet.
Frank Miller, the night bartender of the
ABC saloon at the northwest corner of
Keamy and California streets, shot Max
Meyer, an auctioneer, through the point of
the shoulder as the result of a barroom
row yesterday morning. Miller claims
that Meyer was drunk and accused him of
stealing' a cane. Miller denie 1 this, and
in a few minutes Meyer returned with the
cane and asked Miller for a revolver. Mil
ler refused and Meyer hit him in the
mouth and called him a vile name. Mil
ler then shot and the ball entered Meyer's
left shoulder.
Miller immediately went to his home at
1117 Jones street. Lieutenant Esola fol
lowed soon after and placed him under
arrest for assault to kill. Miller at first
denied that he had done the shooting.
Meyer, who is an auctioneer at 425 Kear«
ny street, was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. The bullet, which was from a 32
--caliber revolver, was extracted and the
wound will not prove serious.
She Landed on Her Neck.
Little Miss Ruby Skiff, 6 years of age, of 104
Fair Oaks street was playing "see-saw" in her
back yard yesterday afternoon and she fell.
At the Receiving Hospital it was found she
bad sustained a tracture of the right collar
bone.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
jelly and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Difly si.d Sunday Cam., one year, by mail.... 6.00
raf! y nnd Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. :*.PO
J)«ily mid Sunday Cai,,, three months by mail 1.50
Dally find Bußflay Call, one month, by mail.. .65
fc-uutiay Call, one year, by mail 1-60
Wkekly Call, one year, by mail *-°O
BUSINESS OFFICE:
7 J (> Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
telephone i^ Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
r*l*rtone ...- Main-1874
BRANCH OFFICES: :
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
1:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock. (
713 Lark'.n street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
feW . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntil 9 o'clock. MS
2518 Mission 6treet; open until 9 o'clock
-116 Mflth street: open nntll 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICB I
608 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms SI and 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
' DAVID M. FOLT/, Special Agent.
MONDAY.. MARCH 30, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
The early bird in the East seeks a worm
and finds a blizzard.
It requires no Roentgen ray to expose
the inside of Rainey's politics.
If Peffer is right a senatorial funeral is
only another name for a junKeting tour.
Even the free-trader is not as bad a foe '
to home industry as the lottery swindler.
"Up to date Democratic enthusiasm re
mains barreled up and waiting for a bune
starter. .
The campaign this year will not be a
t truggle for protection, but a general rati
fication of the princiDle.
Cleveland may settle the Cuban ques
tion this weeK, provided he does not de
cide to taue a fishing trip.
Olney should have at least vigor enough J
to haul the Cuban question off to one side
before the campaign opens.
Some of these Democratic Presidential
possibilities might get a move on if Keely
could make his motor work.
• ■ • j
The thing which will make Democracy
sweat most this summer will be the effort
to drag the tariff out of politics.
Gold has never yet relieved a man of the !
whisky habit half as completely as whisky :
relieves a fellow of the gold habit.
The people will have an easy way to
follow a straight road to honest politics by
joining the Republican procession.
The festivals will be holidays for the ;
people, but money will have to circulate
just as hard as if business were rushing.
If we had known Mr. Depew was coming
we would have had the festival season
hurried up a little so as to be ready for
him:
Wilmerding and Lick are a good pair of
public benefactors, and their schools
might as well stand together for mutual
benefit.
A good many of our Eastern exchanges
begin to show signs of being edited by a
Presidential bureau that thinks it has the
gift of prophecy.
. Peffer's bill restricting expenditures for
Congressional funerals would find more
support from his colleagues if it would as
sure them against having a funeral at all.
The only way for Democracy to get a
Presidential candidate is to give a guar
antee that whoever volunteers to lead the
forlorn hope this year may have another
trial in 1900.
Cleveland's objection to middle-aged
ladies riding the bicycle has not led to any
attack from the ladies, so the conclusion
is clear that none of them feel themselves
included in that class.
Bayard may pretend to take no notice of
the censure of the House of Representa
tives, but all the same he is talking neither
so much nor so loosely as he was, and it
is clear that he felt something hit him,
with a sobering effect.
. The people having shown signs of weari
. ness over the frequent iteration of the
phrases "sound money" and "honest
money," an attempt has been made in the
East to relieve the strain by setting up a
cry for "untarnished money."
A London newspaper commenting on
the rapid growth of the smoking habit
among the ladies of that country says it
is becoming as common in England as ."it
is among Americans," and now we know
how well we are understood abroad.
While eighty per cent of all women who
attain a marriageable atre elect to marry
and have a home of their own, only
twenty per cent of college-bred girls are
willing to take the risk, and it would seem
they regard their learning either as a cau
tion or else as a self-sufficiency.
A bill has been introduced into the Mas- j
sachusetts Legislature requiring all money
" receive.! for liquor licenses in cities and
towns to be turned into the State treasury,
and while the rural delegates speak of the
bill as an act of virtue, Boston scoffs at it
indignantly as an attempt at petty larceny.
: We have already six first-class battle
; ships built or building and the new appro
priation bill provides for " four more,
making ten, but Captain Mahan, who
knows more about the influence of seu
power in determining the result of wars
than any one else, says we should have at
least eighteen, and the chances are he is
.right.
Charles C. Harrison, Provost of the
University of Pennsylvania, has just given
to that institution the sum of $500,000 to
establish twenty-seven scholarships, the
object being to group around the univer
sity a number of men devoted to the ad
vancement of learning who will live
among the students and exert an influ
ence in the direction of higher scholar
ship.
The naval appropriation hill as arranged
by the committee of the House provides
for one battle-ship and . one torpedo-boat
to be constructed on the Pacific ' Coast- "if
the cost is not excessive,", but there is no
such provision in regard to those to be
built on the Atlantic Coast. This does
not look like a square deal, but perhaps
our ? hipbuilders can meet the conditions
and win out anyhow.
THE MERCHANTS' PLANS.
The published correspondence between
the Superintendent of Streets and the
I "Merchants' Association discloses the fact
that the current year's municipal funds
available for street improvements do not
permit of good downtown pavements, and
that while the Superintendent will labor
with the Board of Supervisors for a suf
ficient levy for next year the Merchants'
Association will perfect a scheme of down
town improvements and be ready to see
that the money is employed to the best,
advantage.
The people of the City have come to re
gard the Merchants' Association as a most
useful agency, especially in matters re
lated to street improvements. It is com
posed of practical, hard-hea<ied business
men, who cannot be cajoled into the be
lief that public funds are intended for po
litical plunder, or that they should be used
;iny differently from private funds. In
tihe scheme of the organized merchants
♦ here lias appeared no suspicion of politi
cal ambition. All that it has done means
that it recognizes the public value of good
streets and sewers anu the necessity for an
honest and intelligent expenditure of
municipal funds. For these reasons its
labors and hopes command respect and co
operation. Every merchant of good stand
ing in the City would show nimself a use
ful citizen by joininc the association.
The task which nbw confronts the mer"
chajits is ililh'cult and delicate. They must
not only exert their influence to keep the
ta*x levy within safe limits, and to that end
exercise patience and care in constructing
their plan for downtown improvements,
but they have an opportunity for perform
ing a valuable service in mastering the
whole subject of pavements. This should
not be left to the political exigencies of the
Street Department. In every city, particu
larly one that is growing, the demands for
public expenditures are so urgent that the
opportunity for securing political benefits
out of them are tempting. Contractors
represent another influence equally potent.
The evils obtaining in San Francisco re
sult in poor improvements requiring con
stant expenditure to maintain them, and
that is one of the reasons why cobbles s'ili
retard business and depress property val
iies in the downtown section. To educate
the people regarding the best pavement for
each purpose, to see that, the work is faith
fully and intelligently done, to guard
against the neglect of important public in
terests centering in boulevards and out
side improvements and to keeo the tax
levy for all tbe3e purposes within bounds
constitute the task of the Merchants' As
sociation.
A MODIFIED EVIL.
A few days ago a iarmer near Lockeford
made a small opening in the levee of the I
Mokelumne River for some harmless pur
pose. Unexpectedly the river became
greatly swollen by a heavy storm in the !
mountains, and before the small out could
be stopped the pressure of water had ;
widened it to a crevasse and large areas of ■
cultivated land were flooded. It was !
feared that many thousands of dollars rep- ''■
resented by growing crops had been lost,
but it is now learned that no damage was
done by the submersion, and on the con
trary that a considerable benefit had re
sulted — the Hooding furnished just the
amount of irrigation needed to insure good
crops.
Of course this happy result was a mere
accident. The danger lay In the fact that
its elements were not under control. The
accident was made possible by the fact
that the bed of the river had been raised
by ihe deposition of silt brought down
from the mountains, where hydraulic
mining, farming, natural erosion and de
nudation by timber-cutting had exposed
the soil to the loosening action of frosts
and the washing effect of rains. Levees had
to be constructed to conflue the river to its
bed. As the river thus ran in a channel
higher than the level of the contiguous
country the cutting or breaking of the
levee during high water would result in
the floodine of the land. This is a danper !
appertaining to rivers besides the Mokel
umne, and that is the main reason why i
hydraulic mining is opposed by land
owners in the valley.
But the important lesson has been
learned in recent years that irrigation is
essential to the best results in California
farming. Millions of capital have been in
vested in irrigating systems, and the use
of the privilege means an addition to the
expenses of farming. It is a curious turn
of affairs which presents the "rivers ruined
by hydraulic mining" In the light of ex
cellent facilities for irrigation without an
enormous outlay for dams, reservoirs and
fiunies. As the streams run along ridges
through the valley it is possible to make
the levees safe and provide them with
headgates, which would serve not only to
relieve the heavy pressure on their banks,
but also to lead the water through canals
and ditches to the thousands of farms
needing irrigation. The management of
the rivers is yet in a very crude state, but
in ali plans looking to the development of
their usefulness it might be well to con
sider whether their value as irrigating ar
teries might not be made one of the most
important considerations.
JAPAN AND RUSSIA.
That the Imperial Government of Japan
should send so imposing a delegation to
the approaching coronation of the Russian
Czar should be a matter of considerable
interest to Europe, the United States and
China. The delegation, now at San
Francisco on Its way to Russia, is
headed by Marquis Yamagata, the fore
most soldier and diplomat of Japan, and
additional respect is shown to Russia by
the inclusion of a royal prince in the suite.
It will be noted with interest that the del
egation is making a considerable stay in
San Francisco, the nearest point of the
United States to Japan, and that the dis
tinguished Japanese visitors have selected
the longest possible route to St. Peters
burg.
It might be assumed that this choice
presented a far more diversified and inter
esting trip tnan the one by way of the
Indian Ocean and the Red Sea, as it will
take the travelers through the heart of
modern civilization. Japan is eager to ac
quire knowledge of the great world whose
inspiration has begun to stir her energies,
but at the same time she is seeking a prof
itable outlet for ihe products of her over- i
crowded population, and already Califor- i
nia has felt the initial pinch of that |
pressure. While the adoption in Japan of
American and European processes of man
ufacture will result eventually in modify-:
ing the squalor of her working hordes by
enabling them to live better on the unac
customed profits which they will enjoy,
every good thing which will come to them
will be yielded up by the workers of the
competing countries. We may be sure
that Marquis Yamagata will not neglect
his duty to his people by failing to take
minute notice of existing opportunities !
for extending their markers. He is taning :
a long rest in San Francisco.
Meanwhile Russia is steadily pushing
her trans-SiDerian railway eastward to the I
Pacific, and China is wondering what is i
to be the linal fate of Seoul. Russian I
possession of a Pacific port which is blocked i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
with ice the greater part of the year is not
sufficient to explain the enormous expen
ditures required for the transcontinental
railroad. Of late Russia has been show
ing a linely gloved, but none the less pow
erful, hand in various quarters. She
checked the aggressive English sentiment
that was stirred np by the Armenian
atrocities, and that episode quickly flat
tened out, leaving Russia as Turkey's
friend. Just now the Russian Minister to
Fiance has successfully demanded that the
French Minister of Foreign Affairs be re
quired to resign because of his conduct in
Northern African affairs, and we are in
formed that the same Russian Minister is
to be quartered at Nice with Lord Salis
bury to watch the progress of events on
the Red Sea.
Such an alliance between Russia and
Japan, aa Marquis Yamagata's expedition
seems to indicate, would be an essential
part of Russia's ganeral policy to become
the dictator of Europe. That the Czar's
great nation, hardly yet emerged from a
savage state, should use the weakness of
Turkey and the strength of Japan in for
warding her ambition presents &n curious
a study as does the independent struggle
of Japan to make western civilization pay
dearly for the benefits she aims to secure.
SAN FRANCISCO'S TRADE.
The volume on the commerce and navi
gation of the United States for the fiscal
year 1895, issued by the Bureau of Sta
tistics, shows some very interesting things,
summarized in the following comparative
statement of percentages:
Per ct. of Per ct. of Per ct. of
Exp. <fc Imp. Imports. Exports.
New York • 52.18 65.26 40.32
Boston 9.90 9.14 10.59
Philadelphia 5.45 6 67 4.34
New Orleans 5.34 1.89 8.47
Baltimore 4.82 1.67 7.07
Sjin Francisco.. 3.97 4.95 3.08
Naive* on ...... 2.74 .05 6.19
Savannah 1.30 .06 2.55
Chicago 1.08 2.0H .19
Baltimore's large exports over imports
are explained by its heavy shipment of
corn, while cotton created a similar condi
tion of things at New Orleans and Gal
veston. San Francisco sent abroad mostly
the products of California, while Balti
more, New Orleans and Galveston drew
their exports from a very large section of
the country, containing a population
twenty times as large as thntof California.
San Francisco accomplished this under
the most unfavorable conditions, among
them a monopoly of steam transportation
and a virtual absence of sailing vessels
except those carrying wheat. A large pro
portion of our imports was for transcon
tinental rail forwarding, and hence this
feature of the case presents no greater in
terest than the fact that with the excep
tion of tea, coffee and silk California has
little use for the products of countries
sending supplies to the United States.
hat is to say, while California produces
a wide range of articles for export suitable
to the needs of all countries, it contains
within itself resources which make it
practically independent of all other coun
tries. The articles which it produces in
clude most of the staples, such as all food
supplies, and such luxuries as fruit, wine
andtheiiKe. A full development of the
resources at our command will follow a
larger settlement and more favorable con
ditions of transportation and make us in
dependent of all countries except those
which produce coffee, tea and spices.
It is difficult to imagine the magnitude
of these facts. Considerations affecting
our welfare are profound in themselves,
but from a National point of view they
should have an overwhelming significance.
The trouble is that our country as a whole
: has not yet discovered California, ■ nor
formed the vaguest idea either of its value
as a producing section or as the country's
gateway to the Orient. In this blessed
year 1896 the private interests of a single
railroad company are more tenderly re
garded by. Congress than the vast National
interests which center in California.
COAST EXCHANGES.
No sooner had the petroleum wells of
Los Angeles been developed than there
sprang ud a heavy demand for this valu
able fuel. Contracts were quickly made
for large quantities of oil and stens were
taken in various places to change furnaces
from coal-burners to oil-burners. This
eager demand led to the formation of the
Los Angeles Oi' Exchange, which began
systematically to adjust the supply to the
demand by making prices a factor. The
Los Angeles Journal thus tells the story:
"When the present management of that
organization took hold of the nil export
business the market was thoroughly de
moralized and sales in some instances
were being made at the ruinous pr.ee of
25 cents per barrel at the well tank 1 -. In
one instance as large a quantity as 10,000
barrels was sold at 28 cents per barrel.
From this state of utter demoralization
the exchange gradually advanced prices
until now it is making sales at 80 cents per
barrel aboard cars. This price is a little
better than 70 cents per barrel at the well
tanks."'
AH this had an effect ,in stimulating re
searches for oil. At the present time great
activity is going forward in the extension
of the output at Los Angeles, but the
work is by no means confined to that sec
tion. The Pasadena Star gives the history
of the Central Oil Company, organized
with a capital of $100.000 to bore for oil
near Whittier and San Gabriel. It is sink
ing its first well at Whittier, and although
it has strucK oil it is toing deeper for a
larger (low, with every prospect of finding
it. Meanwhile, according to the Visalia
Delta, the work of boring for oil on the
West Side, near Huron, is progressing en
ergetically and oil is flowing in generous
quantities.
As might have been expected, the oil in
dustry is giving rise to others. The Los
Angeles Herald tells about the Inventors'
Manufacturing Company at North Pasa
dena, organized to manufacture a new oil
bu rner for using petroleum. Says our ex
change: "The patent oil burner is used in
the factory for all heating purposes. The
fuel to run the four-horsepower engine
by this process only costs 20 cents a day,
and a temperature of 900 degrees required
to melt the brass which is used in manu
facturing the burner can easily be ob
tained."
The San Bernardino Sun details an in
teresting discovery which indicates the
surprises that are constantly being en
countered by those who seek to find the
treasures which California holds. Per
sons drilling a seven-inch well on
the Balfour-Guthrie land met a
strong pressure of water at a depth
of 500 feet. Our contemporary says:
"The result is that a perfect creek of al
most boiling water is forming a channel
for itself across the lowland. The water
rises in a solid stream five inches in diam
eter to a height of several inches ahove
the mouth of the pipe. It is so strongly
impregnated with sulphur and other chem
ical properties that the surrounding air is
filled with the unpleasant odor whicb ia
usually attendant upon springs and wells
of this character. The water retains an
average temperature of 108 degrees, which
is almost up to the limit of heat attained
by the Arrowhead Springs; it will readily
cook an egg, and its properties are sutri
c:ent to cure many forms of diseases which
find a remedy in mineral waters."
The Visaiia Delta is happy over the de
cision of the Valley road directors to run
the first arm of the road through Visalia
on its way from Fresno to Bakersfield,
and suggests that a grand celebration of
the event be made. That Visalia's pros
perity is assured is evidenced by this addi
tional information furnished by the Times:
"There was never such a prospect for a
fruit crop in Tuiare County as there is to
day. It is. not at all unlikely that twenty
times as much fruit will be shipped out of
Visalia this season as was ever shipped in
one season before. This will mean the
employment of an immense number of
people during the fruit season, and the
circulation of a large amount of money.
A good rain to help the grain-growers
would make the outlook exceedingly en
couraging for every industry in this
county."
For a time after the first flush years in
the California orange industry the growers
fell upon evil days. Profits ceased and
with them an extension of planting. Then
the growers organized and through intel
ligent co-operation have found a ready
market at profitable prices. The latest
effect of this prosperity following organi
zation has been a revival of planting.
The San Bernardino Times-Index says:
"The supply of orange nursery stock, par
ticularly of navels, is practically ex
hausted. Such a state of affairß has not
arisen in Southern California in many
years, and indicates that a phenomenally
large acreage has been set to oranges this
year, and that confidence in the future of
the orange industry is firoier than ever.
During the last two weeks the demand has
begun to assert itself, large orders coming
in which could not be filled for the reason
that the trees were not to De had. This
applies, of course, to navels. Of Medi
terranean sweets and Valenciaa there is
still a supply. Estimates made last fall
■indicated that there #were 300,000 young
orange trees in the hands of the nursery
men in the orange belt, and of these
250,000 were navels." Our contemporary
notes that one colony in Sacramento
County has ordered 20,000 trees. As re
gards prices for oranges it says: "The
price is very satisfactory. Mediterranean
sweets were quoted at $1 65 per box a few
weeks ago, wnile now they command $2 50,
with a very strong market. Navels are
still bringing top prices, but the supply is
limited."
The Oroville Register, after noting the j
extensive operations of the fruit canneries ■
at Biggs, Griuley. Marys and Chico, i
adds: "There is an opening, however, for j
a variety of products that will sell well, i
can readily be put up and always com- j
mand fair' prices. We refer to vinegar, i
mustard, chow-chow, sauerkraut, pickles, j
horseradish, marmalade and other prod- i
ucts of a similar character. The canneries '
have the room, have the steam power and I
they employ the superintendents all the
year round. The profits certainly ought
to be larger than in canning fruit, for j
there is nothing like opposition in the class j
of goods we allude to that there' is in fruit. !
Most of the pickles, much of the mustard
and goods of that kind are manufactured
in Europe and sent here. We feel confi- j
dent the industry couid be made to pay 5
handsomely, and would consume much !
material that could be produced in the
vicinity of the canneries."
The San Bernardino Times-Index men- I
tions the visit of a canaigre syndicate, re- j
cently formed, of Chicago, New York and
foreign capitalists, and says: "It is known ]
that the general purpose of the syndicate 1
is to establish an immense canaigre farm' I
and plant, sucn as it already owns near j
fhcenix, Ariz., and it has already been !
stated, although not authoritatively, that
the plans contemplate the establishment
of tanneries in this valley. However, the
capitalists are sufficiently interested that
they are investigating in person or by
trusted agents, and that is the object of
the visit of the party now at Rialto."
 , . ,
The Saturday Visitor is a bright weekly !
that has been started at Woodland by Rob
ert Lee. ■
The importance of the gold-mining in
dustry in the northern part of the State is
shown by the starting of the Smelter at
Keswick by Kenneth W. Millican and H.
G. Harvey
The Healdsburg Tribune is now eight
years old and full of vim.
C. H. Woods has demonstrated the
growing importance of Templeton by es
tablishing 'an educational paper there
called the Public School Reporter. '•
The Moreno Indicator . is justly proud
because it is wholly of home manufacture.
The famous old mining district of Julian
has a bright paper called the Banner, pub
lished by B. A. Stephens and H. H. Sav
age. 1 .-
The Valley Mirror of North Ontario gives
evidence of prosperity by enlarging to
eight pages. •
T. D. Fennessy, J. M. Scott and W. N.
Jackson have bought the Hay wards Even-
I ing Mail and are making a high-grade
daily.
All the people of Inyo County are glad
that the Register, upon beginning its
twelfth volume, gives continued evidence
of success and usefulness.
PERSONAL.
J. F. Murray, a mining man of Volcano, is at
the Rus"».
P. P. Durst, a fruitgrower of Wheatland, is at
the Grand.
E. M. Tilden, a Woodland lumberman, is at
the Grand.
John A. O'Grady of New Brunswick, N. V.,
is at the Palace.
H .E. Piedert, a mining man of Placerville,
is at the Palace.
Thomas McNulty, an attorney ot Santa Bar
bara, is in town.
G. Kurst of Hamburg, Germany, registered at
the Palace yesterday.
George N. Fisher and wife of Brooklyn, N. V.,
are at the Occidental.
E. Rathburn, the Williams liveryman, is
registered at the Russ.
Andrew Bendgo, an extensive farmer of Mer
ced, is at the Cosmopolitan.
J. H. Phillips, an Arizona cattle-man, ar
rived at the Russ yesterday.
G. de la Bouglise and Mr. and Mrs. Rouvel
loie of Paris are at the Palace.
J. Ivancovich, a business man of Hanford,
registered yesterday at the Russ.
J. C. Ezzell, a mining man from White River,
arrived at the Baldwin last night.
Henry T. Sloane, member of the big New
York carpet firm, arrived at the Palace yeater
day.
A. L. McCulloch, a civil engineer from Port
land, Or., registered yesterday at the Occi
dental.
\V. J. Dixon and Percy Cook of the James
O'Neill Company are stopping at the Cosmo
politan.
Dr. W, F. Hall and Karl Herrmann of Los
Angeles are among yesterday's arrivals at the
Baldwin.
Dr. David Kennedy of Kingston, N. V., ar
rived here yesterday and took apartments at
the Grand with his wife.
O. H. Hoag of Santa Rosa, a prominent mem
ber of the Order of Druids, stopped at the Russ
yesterday on his way home, after a tour of in- j
spection and organization of Druid lodges in
Southern California.
Andrew Young, a business man of Virginia
City and chairman of the Board of Supervisors
of that place, is at the Russ.
H.B. Ewing, representing the International
Manufacturing Company of Providence, is
stopping at the Cosmopolitan.
George H. Warfield, son of GenerairWarfield
and cashier of the Healdsburg Bank, is down
for a visit, and is at the California.
Thomas Browning and wife and James Fil
more and wife of Boston, rubber goods manu
facturers, are guests at the Cosmopolitan.
G. F. Down*, the proprietor of the electrical
power plant at Sutter Creek, came down yes
terday and took a room at the Occidental.
Thomas R. Minium, Ward Minturn and G.
R. Minturn Jr. of Minturn, Sacramento Valley,
are in town aud have rooms at the Occidental.
Captain William E. Doughterty, U. S. A., sta
tioned at the reservation near Round Valley,
is here tor a few days and is registered at the
Occidental.
James O'Neill, the actor, who begins a two
weeks' engagement at the Baldwin to-night,
arrived at the Palace yesterday and registered
with his wife from New York.
C. A. Silberster, a wine-grower of Esparte,
connected with the Orleans vineyard and a
member of the California Wine-growers' Asso
ciation, is at a downtown hotel.
Lawrence Fahey, Deputy Attorney-General of
New Jersey, is on a visit to his uncle, Major
William Kahey, proprietor of the Cosmopolitan,
and will go from here to Portland next week.
A. L. Wyllie, County Clerk, and John J. Sny
der.Prosocu ting Attorney, of Calaveras County,
are in the City for a short visit. They have
rooms at the Grand and are registered from
San Andreas.
Among the citizens of Fresno that arrived in
town yesterday are T. C. White, A. V. Lesceeby
and O. J. Woodward, registered at the Lick,
ana W. F. Torsey and W. A. Washer, registered
at the Occidental.
Richard A. McCurdy, president of the New-
York Life Insurance Company, accompanied
by his wife and by Mr. and Mrs. Robert H.
McCurdy and three servants, is back at the
Palace, after a visit to the Del Monte at Monte
rey.
E. A. Mott Smith of Boston, Mass., son of the
former Hawaiian Minister to the United States
during the reign of Queen Liliuokalani, arrived
from the East last night and will remain at the
Occidental until the next steamer leaves here
for Honolulu.
F. S. Phelps and wife, Willard Wilson and
wife and George A. Denham, a Boston party on
an extensive trip through the United States in
the special car Boston, returned tc this City
yesterday, after a run through the Santa Clara
Valley. They are at the Grand.
H. S. Marcy of Belmont. Mass., father of Wil
liam Marcy, the local agent of the Pennsyl
vania Railroad, arrived yesterday on a visit to
his son. He is accompanied by his wife and
his daughter, Miss K. Marcy of Bridgeport,
Conn. They are staying at the California.
J. P. Craig and wife, a youug couple married
yesterday afternoon in Woodland, arrived lust
night at the Grand. The groom is the son. of
Lee D. Craig, the Montgomery-street notary.
Miss Craig, a sister of the groom, and J. i>.
Stevens, a relative of the proprietor of the
Highland Springs, accompanied the party.
CALIFORNIANS SAIL FOR EUROPE.
NEW YOKK, N. V., March 29.— Among the
passengers who sa.lled on the steamship Ems
for Genoa wan J. i*. Bunnell. The Campania
had among Its passengers for Liverpool Mr.
and Mrs. Julien Liebes.
WEATHER PROBABILITIES STAMP.
The Washington Postofflce is soon to inaugu
rate a new feature in the way of stamping
letters, says the correspondent of the Brooklyn
Eagle in that city. All mail matter received
in the postoftiee for distribution will, in addi
tion to having the date and time of its receipt
placed on the back of it, contain a forecast of
the weather conditions for the following day.
This novel scheme originated in the brain of
The New Po;tul Stamp.
Postmaster Willet, and is to be put Into opera
tion with theconsentoi the Postmaster-! ieneral
and the co-operation of the Weather Bureau.
Twelve stamps constructed with a view to the
new work have been ordered, and as soon an
they are received they will take the place of
the old ones.
l'iie new stamps are very much like the old
o:n\ having been considerably enlarged, in
order to give space for the insertion of thr
weather fuieeast. In the outer ring there are
four spaces inio which will be set the type
predicting the state of t lie weather for the fol
lowins day. These type contain the following
words: "Colder, warmer, frost, cold wave,
cloudy, fair, cola, rain and snow," and when
in position will make an impression similar to
the reproduction below. The new scheme is
expected to meet with much favor, and before
long all the postmasters in the large cities will
probably be asking for the stamps containing
the weather forecasts. The stamps cost i?H
each, and as from 200 to 300 of them would be
needed for the principal postofiices of the
country, it will require a considerable sum io
supply them.
A MAN OF BUSINESS.
Fresno Republican.
Clans Spreckels snys that he is not nn aspirant
| for the United States Scnntorship or any other
{ office. The statement only confirms public
! opinion, for very few people have taken any
stock In the partisan newspaper goßStp which
has imputed all sorts of motives for Spreckels'
interest in the construction of a efei&petin);
i railroad excepting thatof a legitimate business
I proposition to develop investments already
i made and open the way to others. John I).
! Spreeke's may have some political ambitions
' aside from a mere interest in party inauane
| incut, but there is no well-defined ground even
I for that supposition. Most of the stuff which
1 Ims appeared in print of late in this regard is
i arrant bosh upon its lace. The Ppreekels fam
ily—or at least the elder Spreckels— is pre- I
eminently suroesshil in business lines, and it j
I Is a good thing for California that his money is
! to be turned into chnnncls 01 local devefop
: ment. It has been a great drawback to Cali
; fornia that so many of her wenltliy men have
! seen (it to seek homes and investments alnoad,
j thus draining the State of wealth produced
I hereto the enrichment of other localities. It
j is to be hoped that the exam pie of Clans Spreck
! els in this particular will find many imitators
j among the rich men of the l'acitic Coast.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
UNLIMITED POWER..
How the Wind Might Bk Utilized to Drive
the Machinery op thk City.
To the Editor of the. San FrancUco Call— Sir:
Very few people ever think that h«re In San
Francisco we have the most reliable and avail
able power for all purposes known. It is
simply the constant wind that blows in from
the ocean over our City, sutllcient anu a
thousand times to spare to supply all the
motive power required in the world. Its
sourca is everlasting. Its possihili ties are be
yond comprehension and will afford food for
thoughtful investigation.
Five thousand years ago the Egyptians made
use of the wind to pump water to grind their
'corn and for other purposes.
Only think for a moment what can be ac
complished by the currents of the winds, on
which there arc no riparian rights to light or
that no monopoly could claim or control.
They are free for all and cost nothing. Wind
engines of any capacity could be erected at
elevated points to drive airpumps and com
pressors; the compressed air can be stored in
large receivers and be distributed like gas and
water to all who require power for any pur
pose, even to generating electricity for illu
minating purposes. It could be used in plan
ing mills, furniture factories, foundries, ma
chine-shops, elevators In buildings, printing
offices, for pumping water— in fact, everything
that power is used for, with no danger from
fire.
I iiflievt impossible and feasible to construct
a plant on the top of some large building at a
cost of less than $5000 that would be of suf
ficient capacity to furnish every building in
the block with power to run electrical motors
for illuminating, pumps to supply all the
buildings with pure water, elevators and all
kinds of machinery; besides, a current of air
could be provided "for carbureters containing
tramline buried in the ground that would fur
nish the cheapest and cleanest fuel in the
world, with no riak whatever.
Ii it was possible to introduce such an enter
prise it would create new industries and new
wants and give employment to thousands of
Idle men.
If any plan can be devised that will cheapen
the cost of our necessities, light, heat and
water, besides cheap power for manufacturing,
the conditions are more favorable for the ma
jority and better for the whole community, «s
the money saved the laboring man leaves him
more to spend in trade.
Compressed air perhaps is the coming power
that will even relegate our ponderous locomo
tives to the scrap-pile.
The use, introduction and development of
electricity has interested and absorbed the at
tention of most of our inventors to the exclu
sion of every other field. Electricity is won
derful, but then lots of it can be made by
using the wiud for the purpose. Perhaps these
few lines may induce some one to think over
the subject. It is said an idea is never lost to
the world, but it may slumber a long time be
fore it is acted upon. David B. James.
A MYSTERIOUS MOUNTAIN.
For the last half century the American resi
dents of Tucson, Ariz., have been trying to
solve a mystery in the shape of what appears
to be a hole through a mountain peak in plain
sight from the town. In the clear raritied air
it looks to be only a short distance away, when
in reality it is at least forty miles. The
earliest residents noticed the phenomenon,
and the only difficulty that lay in the way of
finding out just what it was was the fact that
it was Inaccessible, and when they came any
where near the spot the hole disappeared from
sight. In fact, it can only be seen from within
a few miles of Tucson, and this has led many
people to believe that it is not a hole at all.
By the aid of a good marine telescope the
mountain can be brought to within a few
The Hole Through the Mountain.
miles, but not near enough to tell the exact
nature of the rock formation. An astronomi
cal telescope cannot be focused on it, as the
mountain is too near. A first peep through
thegicss would Ipad one to believe that there
was no mystery about it. The hole appears as
plain as possible, but several days' study of the
spot wlli develop ttie fact that the "hole" does
not always look the same Many days when
the sky isdark behind the mountain the hole
will appear a brilliant white, like a snowdrift,
ar.d (in days when the sky is blue it will often
look so dark bk to be almost invisible. These
facts have led many to think that it is an im
mense piece o( mica lying with its jiolished
surface toward the sky and reflecting the cloud
formatl'iDs of anoth?r part of the horizon in-,
stead <if beine the light seen through a hole.
Viewed with "the naked eye the hole simply
appeiirn as a white spot, but the telescope re
veals pine trees and other details, although
very indistinctly.
The range of mountains in which the strange
peuk can be seen is known as the Catalnias
and numerous parties have made the attempt
to climb it. but all have failed on account of
th«* Bte*to and ru?=red precipices in the vicinity.
Ths peak is a hign one and can be seen from
nny point in the journey toward it, but when
ten miles out of Tucson the hole can no longer
be seen even with trie aid of a glass. This can
be explained on the mica theory, as a surface
oj that material would not reflect a ray of
light toward a person's eye after they got out
of its angle of projection.
One man in TndsOt) claims to have climbed
the peak and looked through the hole into a
valley on the other side. For some reason he
always refused to take a party up there, and as
he could never tell what he saw in the valley
nor even direct others how to get there his
story was not believed. And so the mystery of
the "mountain remains unsolved, and in the
opinion of old prospectors alway- will until
somebody invents a flying-mnehine.
AN ATTRACTIVE COSTUME.
The waist shown here is especially adapted
to making very handsome parts of costume*,
or separate waists, tiecau«e the box-pleats are
separate, and can thus be made of a different
material from the material of the body.
For a gown of green tnffeta9, black chiffon for
the body will be found a stylish contrast, mak
ing the box-pleats and sleeves of the silk to
inntch the skirt.
A gown of crepon is pretty made with a top
of lace r>ut on under the box-pleats, as shown
here. Or the body may be of silk, either plain
or embroidered, for either a silk or crepon
gown.
A dress of dark blue crepon with the box
pleats replaced by bands of linen hemstitched
on both edges', is exceedingiy stylish.
For extra waists to wear with black skirts,
any color is pretty with black chiffon for tiie
b<niy.
The skirt is exceedingly graceful, and per
haps the most popular model of all the sea
son's skirts. It Is a bell skirt with godet effect.
The style is very suitable for separate skirts as
well as for costumes of one material.
CURRENT HUMOR.
"There, there," said Mrs. nine-Myrrh, pick- i
ing up her littlo boy, who had stubbed his toe;
"don't cry. Be a man, like mamma."—lndian
apolis Journal.
Miss Flora (in a pair oi stupendous sleeves^—
How do I look, Ned ?
Ked (rapturously;— You're simply unap
proachable—Boston Transcript.
"Mamma, hottest it wasn't me ate |up all that
cake— it was Hobby." "Well, Dick, bring me
the eathodal kodak and I'll see at once which
one of you is guilty."— Chicago Record.
"Don't you admire the old English authors,
Miss l.ouiso?"
"Oh, very much; they furnish such lovely
quotations for menu cards."— Chicago Record.
"Wouldn't you oblige," said the reporter
who gets novel interviews, "by telling me
what book helped you most in life?" And
after a thoughtful pause the great man
answered: "My bank book."— Family Call.
Mr. Speekilate— Awfully dull in th«> wheat
pit to-day. Buyers and sellers didn't get to
gether at all.
Mrs. Speckilate— Why don't they mark it
down and have a bargain sale?— Cincinnati
Enquirer.
PAR AGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mrs. Rudyard Kipling attends 10 all of her
husband's correspondence, and carefully
guards him against would-be intruders. He
is said to be the most unapproachable literary
man in the world.
Aubrey Beardsley, the impressionist artist,
has no technical art education whatever, a
fact at the announcement of which nobody is
likely to be surprise.:. Three or four years ago
he was employed as a clerk in a bank.
The once distinguished prima donna. Mme.
Genter, who, nftcr a short but brilliant career
at her Majesty's Theater, and also in the
United States, partially lost her singing voice,
is about to start a vocal academy in Berlin.
The Prince of Wales is to be installed as
Chancellor of the University of Wales in the
coming summer. The ceremony will take
place at Aberystwyth, the seat of the oldest of
the constituent colleges of the university.
All the Earl of Chichester's farms are carried
on under his wife's name. which appears on all
wagons and agricultural implements. On the
home farm at Stanner a large number of oxen
are employed in lieu of horses.
Miss Jane Douglas Roleley recently died at
Swansea, Wales, at the age of 96. Her father
served with Lord Nelson on board the Viceroy,
and among the deceased lady's possessions
Avcre the trousers worn by Nelson at the battle
of Trafalgar.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Foreigners in the War.— a. S., City. Dur
ing the War of the Rebellion the number of
natives of Germany enlisted in the Union
army was 170,800; natives of Ireland, 144,
--200.
A Philadelphia Firm— Anxious, City. An
swers to correspondents has no Knowledge of
the firm named in your communication. You
trusted your picture to Rome concern of which,
you did not know anything, probably because
it offered to do the work of enlarging cheap.
Unless you have some friend or acquaintance
in the place where tnis concern did business,
who would look after the matter, your chances
of recovering your picture are very small.
At the Tracks— G., Crescent City, Cal.
The California record for a half mile is47J4
seconds. No charge is made at either of the
racetracks for stalls, but to send a horse here
and have him trained would cost the owner
about $G0 a month. Horses frequently work
out halves in 48 1 ■', and 49 seconds. A 49-horse,
half mile, •would he of no use at either track in
this City unless he is a two-year-old, as half
mile dashes are no longer given for aged
horses. -
Southern Pacific Earnings— W. S. P., Au
burn, Placer County, Cal. In 1887 the gross
earnings of the Southern Pacific was $38,732,
--131 03; the operating expenses, $23,305,
--108 50; earnings over operating expenses,
$15,427,022 53. In 1888 the figures snow:
$46,699,615 17: $30,708,676 03; earning*
over expenses, $15,990,939 14. In 1889, $46,
--343,30/80; $30,304,365 75; earnings over
expenses, 10,038,842 11. In 1890, $48,201.
--994 77; .f 1,007,729 67; earnings over ex
penses, $17,196,265 10. In 1891, $50,449,
--815 88; $31,103,611 94; earnings over oper
ating expenses, $19,286,203 94. In 1892, $48,
--972,195 20; $31,288,197 27; earning* over
expenses, $17,083,995 93. In 1893, $48,049,
--548 32; $30,570,244 00; earnings over ex
penses, 117.473,304 20. In 1894, $44,772,
--003 24; $29,405,730 20; earnings over ex
penses, $15,360,207 04.
The Town Talk— c.,; City. The Morning
Call wps not built upon the ashes of the Town
Talk, as you suggest in your communication.
The Call was established by five journeymen
primers— James J. Ayers, Llewellin Zublin,
Charles F. Jobson, David W. Higgins and Wil
liam L. Carpenter. The first number of the
paper appeared December 1, 1856. The Town
Talk appeared for the fir&t time November 9,
1854, with the following announcement:
Town Talk published every morning, except
Sunday, by A. 8. White and W. H. Mautz, 12Vfc
cents 'per week. Office at Still & Wood, 165
j Kearnv street, between Clay and Commercial.
Printing office at Maiden lane, between Washing
ton and Jackson and Kearny and .Montgomery
streets.
The first issue measured twelve inches in
length by eight ana a half in width. March
i 28. 1855,"it passed into the hands of P. P. Hull
& Co. and was enlarged, and the publication
office was removed to 129 Washington street,
in Montgomery block, near Montgomery street.
In September, 1857, it was merged into the
San Francisco Times and lost its identity.
——^^^^^-^—^— —^^
California glace fruits, 50c lb.,Town«end's.«
Special information daily to manufacture:*,
business houses and public men by the Prsu
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
Belisarius, the Roman general, lost hia
eyes through dun thrown into them dur
ing a siege.
Do not pnt off taking a spring medicine. JLlttl*
ailments if neglected will soon break up the sys
tem. Take Hood's Sarsaparilla now to expel
disease and give you health and strength.
"Mrs, Winslow's Soothing; Syrup"
Has been uspd over 50 years by millions of mothers
tor their children while Teethins; with perfect suc
cess. Itlsootlies the child, softens the gums, allays
Pain, euros Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sale by Drug-
Kists in every part of the world. Be sure and ask
for Mrs, Wins'.ow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
: Coho?ta no.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry, soft
arid mild, and is entirely free from the* mists com
mon lurther north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
ship, including fifteen days' board at the Hotel del
Coronado, $60: longer stay 92 80 per day. > Apply
4 New Montgomery st., San Francisco.
Zibzab— Mozrig, you're lazy. Why don't you
try to pet up with the lark every morning?
Mozrig— 'Twould'nt be any use; I'm no |good
at climbing trees.— Roxbury Gazette.
NEW TO -DAT.
FREE
CREAM
CHOCOLATE
A Package Given Each Customer FREE
With Our
MONEY-SAVING
TEAS, COFFEES,
SPICES.
Our 50c Teas Cost 75c elaewhen
Our 40c Teas ....Cost 60c elaewbcri
Our Sue Teas ......... ...Cost 50c i elsewhera
Our 30c Teas Cost 40c elsewhere
I Our 25c Teas.. Cost 35c "elsewhere
Our 20c Teas.. .....iCost 30c i elsew.'?r«
EXTRA PREMIUMS CHEN AWi)'.
Great American Importini Tea Co. 's
. 1344 Market st.. 5 •
AWv^^SiSia* 965 Market St., S. F.
/Wl»-JffiT^ 14 ° Sixth stf S * P F
BEr <>17 Koarnv St.. 5.F.
WBSf^^^ 1419 Polk st., S. F.
521 Montgomery » ye S. R§
BjAliru " 333 Hayes St.. S.f-
money- ; Ninth st.. S. F. j
218 f hird St., 5. r.
C AWEIIO 2008 Flllmore it. /• £-
SAVING > : 'SB:S!S&3S
OTnnrn n 104 •Second St.. -''•/• f;
:-:g|BSS:fcj;
AaL^«e=^- — 917 Broadway. O akla « d -,.
mm laliri 1053 Washington St., Cak d.
£99 WE? 131 San PaMo aye.. Oakl d.
BB^ I^*^ 616 E. Twelfth st. Oakland.
1355 Park st, AlameJa.
■ '. ' ' TRY OUR
Money-Savin? Prices) 4 aa In
AT OUR [ lIMIa I 1".. ;
Money-Saving Stores) IVY Operation
MONEY SAVED EVERY DAY.
NO SPECIAL DA«J 3 * **«*, «^i
MONDAY : MARCH 0.1896
AMUSEMENTS.
J?Ai.uwiN Theater.— "Monte Cristo."
California Thvatkr— "Friends."
i< i; ny «, 1 kkatf.h— "^tnbad." .
JioKosco's OrEEA-UoußK— "The Ited Pocket
book.-
--1 ivoli Orr.BA-llousr-— "Paid Pasha."
OrrHKm.- H'sn-Class Vaudeville.
I'pcvyp.'s Ai.a?AK.- "Confusion" and Vaude
ville.
Tirr ArnnoßivM- Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— The Georgia Mins:re!s.
Mai Thxatkb (OAKIAXD)-AnDBEV»
Fay. to nisfct.
Sutko Coxky Island— Grand Athletic Exhibi
tion ami Concert, .
Fhoot thk Chuttw— Ds.!?y at Halght street.
t. i block east of ft* Park.
1 ay Djstbict Track.— -RaeM to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
. By Orxx V. ! -- v -Monilay. March 30, Fur
niture, at 816 Gutter street, at 11 o'clock.
By H. J. JLJcrTHOLT*— Monday, March 30. Car
pets and Linoleum, at 773 Market St.. at 11 o'clock
By m. J. .Simmons Auction s Co.— Tuesday,
March 31. Furniture, at salesroom, 1057 Market,
street, a: 11 o'clock. ■
! v G. H. UmSS <£ Co.— Monday, March 30
J?eal Estate, at salesroom, 14 Montgomery street
»: V 2 o'clock noon.
By Kafton i Ki.driikje.— March 31,
Heal -late. tit 638 Market st., at 12 o'clock coon.
By E. S. stk.arA Co.— To-morrow (Tuesday),
I urniture, at 1600 Fell street, at 11 o'clock.
By S. Basch— day (.Monday). Upholstery,
etc.", at 319 Suitor sir*.-;, at 10:30 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
A new target for' long distance fly-casting
■was tested yesterday.
Several private rifle matches were shot at
Ehell Mound yesterday.
. "Fair Monday" is promised by Local Fore
cast Official A. G. McAdie.
The Rev. Dr. John HemphiU spoke before the
. Y. M. C. A. yesterday on "Strong Men."
The new contingent of '96 cyclers was out in
full force yesterday in Golden Gate Park.
The 12-inch rifle at Fort Point and the mor
tars at the Presidio will be fired next Friday.
A course of lectures on "Liberal Socialism"
was begun at Kohler &. Chase Hall yesterday.
The balloon announced to rise from the
Haight-street grounds yesterday went up in
smoke.
Dublin Stout won the 24-dog stake at Cas-
Ferly £ Kerrigan's Ocean View coursing park
yesterday.
The Empire Gun Club made the best record
fit the bluerock" team shoot at the Oakland
Trotting Park.
The Sutro Company i? having new cars built
to carry the number of people who want to
patronize that line.
Rev. J. Cummin? Smitn in his lecture last
night at Trinity Presbyterian Church spoke in
iavor of woman suffrage.
Right Rev. Monsignor Nugent spoke of his
labors for street arabs at the Youths' Di
rectory yesterday afternoon.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw discoursed on "The Re
quisite of Manliness" at the California-street
' Metiiodist Church last evening.
Organization of Richmond and Pierce-street
Congregational Churches by Rev. Philip
• Coomb©, and his pastorate there.
The Sacramento City Trustees and the State
Bureau of Highways are accused of illegally
favoring a Sacramento contractor.
J. J. Morse of London lectured last evening
in Armory Hill before the California Phsychi
cal Society on the "Unknown Men."
The Marine Engineers' Association has issued
a pamphlet for distribution among Congress
men indorsing Mr. Wilson's navy bill.
Mr?. Sarah B. Cooper's Bible Class met in the
Native Sons' Hall yesterday. There was a. large
attendance and the discussion was spirited.
The monument to Theodore C. Schroder,
erected by Golden Gate Camp No. 64, was un
veiled in Odd Fellows' Cemetery yesterday.
'■ Lillian Beddard, the Shakespearean actress,
expresses her disapproval of her husband's
strong appetite for drink of the same quality.
The Corinthian Yacht Club hauled their
squadron out of winter quarters at Tiburon
yesterday; They will open the racing season
. on April 25.
A well attended meeting of the residents of I
Sunset district was held last .Saturday evening.
Resolutions were passed ani other business
■was transacted.
In the handball courts yesterday P. T. Don
nelly, the amateur champion, and G. Hutchin-
Eon defeated J. Harlow, the coast champion,
and W. Williams.
An inspection and drill by the 'Naval Bat
talion was held by Adjutant-General Barret
and Lieutenant-Commander Turner on the
Camanche yesterday.
Count and Countess J. Pourtales are at the
Occidental. The German nobleman lives in
Colorado Springs and developed the first gold
m-jne at Cripple Creek.
Frank Miller, night bartender of the ABC
saloon, yesterday morning shot Mai Meyer,
an auctioneer, through the shoulder. Miller
claim- Meyer insulted him.
. Major T. C. Ryan delivered his last address
in this City last night at Metropolitan Temple, !
his subject being "Romanism and Protestant
ism; their fruits compared."
E. P. Scheel, the owner of an 18-month
old female St. Bernard 33 inches in height,
will exhibit at the coming dog shows in Los
Angeles, Oakland and Seattle.
Palm Sunday was celebrated with interesting \
ceremonies, including the distribution of green
branches among the people, in all the Catholic
churches oi the City yesterday.
John Mcßride, a laborer living in the Linden
House, Sixth street, was arrested yesterday on
the charge of assault to murder J. E. McGee at
Eighth and Folsom streets Saturday night.
Francis G. Parker, a boy G years of age, had
a narrow escape from death yesterday after
noon at the Secoud-«treet cut by rolling down
* the embankment, a distance of sixty feet.
Pastor Brown preached at the First Congre
gational Cnurch yesterday morning and even
ing. The attendance fell off two-thirds as
compared with that of the Sunday previous.
The German baiters held a mass-meeting yes
terday and appointed a committee of five to :
represent the unhealthy condition of the cellar
bakeries to Mayor Sutro and the Supervisors.
A longshoreman known on the water front
as Paddy Clark was found intoxicated and ;
bleeding "from knife cuts early Sunday morn- ;
ing at the corner of Folsom and Steunrt streets- j
Dr. York was tendered a reception by the j
Fan Francisco Liberal Union at Scottish Hall j
last night. There was a large attendance. The i
doctor delivered an address or. the growing .
vices of the day. j
Superintendent Fillmore of the Southern Pa- J
c;Jic has been outwitted by the Morton Special j
Delivery Company, which has succeeded in
placing'its signs in over forty stations in dif
ferent parts of the State. j
Captain William L. Merry has furnished The
Call will) an interesting digest of the Con
gressional commission's report upon the Nica
7ragua (anal, which is, upon the whole, favora
, Me to the great waterway.
'• Po.vYee, the president of the Yeone Wo
: Company, was yesterday accorded the grand
est funeral in the annals of Chinatown. II"
was a hleh rank Chinese recently imported to ;
grace the "office he occupied at his death.
•' The First United States Infantry is on the
-li*»t of regiments to be transferred July 1 next.
The regiment will go to Washington and Idaho
"and the Fourteenth Infantry will come to An
gel island and Benicia to relieve the First.
W£W TO-DAT.
Have
YOU
Tried |;
©ticura
the great
SKIN CURE? |:
Rxmmi or Wring, dlBfl P Tirl ! 1! ;v!?! 1 Tv« i
■tint humors arc tbe iziost wonderful ocr \
: Jecoilcd- - • • I
Solcthroughout the world. British depot: IW !
m«y, , Kini Edwaitl-0., London. Pottm DrlO
• ft Chih. Com., Sole Props., Boston, U. S. A. 1
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
A Longshoreman Found on the
Street Badly Cut Sunday
Morning.
THE ROSS-MUNGER CHARGES.
Inspection and Drill by the Naval
Battalion on Board the Moni
tor Comanche.
A lonsr^horeman and stevedore known
on the water front as Paddy Clark was
found by Police Officer Beane near the
corner of Steuart and Folsom streets early
yesterday morning. He was lyiug on the
ground intoxicated and bleeding from deep
knife cuts across the head and face. He was
literally wallowing in his own blood, and
it seemed that most all of the vitril fluid in
his body had run out through the fright
ful gashes he had received. At the Receiv
ing Hospital he was found to have been
out fifteen times— seven on the head and
face, one a deep slash from cheek to cheek,
extending bad: of the ear; there were two
on the neck, three on the right wrist, which
severed the tendons, ar.d several on the
right hand, evidently received while ward
ing oft the murderous blows struck at his
life.
Clark and two seafaring men, one of
them a sailor from the revenue cutter
Rush, were seen along tne water front sa
loons late Saturday night. They were in
liquor, and, as is usual with drunken sail
ors, quarreling and hugging each other al
ternately. Clark had a knife which he had
taken away from the unknown third man,
and the weapon was the topic of much
loud contention. The knife was given back
to iis owner, and they all went into Riiey's
saloon on Folsom street, near Main, where
Clark ordered tne drinks. He wanted to
"do the square thing/h e confided to the
barkeeper, and offset his earlier disagree
able actions toward|his two friends.
The thing was; hardly square, however,
for Clark, as a matter of course, had no
money, and the barkeeper ran the three
into the street. Clark was found shortly
after by the police orticer bleeaing from
bis wounds, proving that war had broken
out again and Ciark had got the knife in a
different manner.
Jtmong the revenue cutter officers the
recent report of Captain Healy's dismissal
from the service is not believed. The de
partment would notify the commanding
officers of the fleet, and the news would be
known among the cutter Meet as soon if j
not sooner than the public. Not a word j
has been heard of the Lieutenant Ross j
charges against Captain Munger.
1: will be remembered that the younger !
oiricer wrote to the Treasury Department !
accusing his superior with drunkenness :
and unoftioerlike conduct while in Bering j
f<ea. Ro.-s was the executive officer of the <
vesssl, and it is stated that while Munger .
was drunk in his berth at sea the snip ;
wa< sailed by tne lieutenant, who was vir- .
tually her commander.
"Ross" charges are as true as holy writ,"
is the testimony of several persons who \
claim to be eyewitnesses of toe facts men- ;
tioned in the lieutenant's communication.
"Monger is ten times more guilty than
Healy and it will be a burning shame if .
the department ignores those char-res.
Ross knows justwmtf he is talking about ;
and he also knows that he can prove every- ;
thing alleged in that paper. The whole '
cutter Meet will go to sea the first part of ;
next month and the witnesses against i
Captain Munger will be scattered. The '
department should have begun an in
quiry into the charges immediately after ;
the trial of Captain Healy, but months \
have gone by and Munger not only con- j
tinues to emoy the confidence of his
superiors at Washington but he occupies a !
responsible position in the service up the
Sound. He must have some mighty pull
somewhere."
It is the consensus of opinion among
the officers of the revenue cutter fleet that i
Lieutenant Ross will have no difficulty in j
substantiating every charge he has made.
lieutenant Colin Douglass of the Naval l
Reserve with his division went aboard of '
the monitor Comanche Saturday nisrht ;
with their bedding and rations ior drill. ;
Different evolutions were gone through ;
with during the night, such as "Clear ship i
for action, ' "Fire quarters'' and "Away
all boats.' Yesterday morning Lieuten- j
ant-Commander Turner, Adjutant-General
Barrett and a number of officers in uni- ,
form inspected the battalion and ship,
COUNT POURTALES HERE
A German Nobleman Who De
veloped the First Cripple
. Creek Mine.
The Countess and He on a Pleasure
Trip— Their Home in Colo
rado Springs.
Count and Countess J. Pourtales arrived
from the southern part of the State yes
terday morning, and are now at the Occi
dental HoteL
They are on a little pleasure trip, and
after spending nearly a week in seeing the
sights of San Francisco and vicinity they
purpose to return to their home in Colo-
r ado Springs.
Count Pourtales is a tall, well-built,
j active -looking man, perhaps a little past
50 years of age. His ruddy face, partly
covered by a full, round, grayish beard,
his tortoise-bound spectacles and his gen
; eral appearance might stamp him as a
German scientific explorer. Trie Count is
a German ; but he is a mining man.
Ten year 3 ago he came to the United
States from tire State of Silesia, Ger
many, where he still owns some large
agricultural properties. Shortly after his
arrival he paid a visit to California, but
though he has traveled extensively since
i then and has made several visits to the
fatheriand this is only his second trip to
the coast.
He laughingly avoided any conversation
turned toward* his rank, his connections:
in Germany, or the romantic possibilities
of some ancestral castle, and declared that !
he is simply a business man and that he j
and his wife arc taking one of their little j
pleasure trips.
• I am interested in mines in Cripple
Creek ; in fact, I have been in the mining
business there from the first.
"I was one of the men that opened up
the well-known 'Isabella,' the first mine
developed in Cripple Creek. It includes.
About twenty claims, and is now yielding
$30,000 a month. I still own my original
interest in that mine.
"Cripple Creek to-day is a place of about
30,000 inhabitants, although some say
40,000, but that is too large an estimate.
"Last year the gold yield for the district '
■was about $3,000,000, and so far there has
been a regular increase in the output. The
total yield since ISDI is $1:5.500,000. :
"People are.: Hocking into Cripple Creek
like mad, even' class.
"The countess. and :--I- have just come j
from a delightful visit in Southern Califor
nia. There are some very beautiful places \
down there. We went over to Catalina ,
Island— a charming place— and we stayed .
in Los. Angeles for a short time." v
; ♦- ♦ •
The British empire doubles ; its popula
tion in Europe every fifty-five years; in
the colonies every twenty-five years. |
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
Miss Lillian Bcddard, Who Is Accustomed to Hay- Clusters of Diamond* Cast at Her Feet in Place of
Flowers.
[From a photograph.]
ADIEU, FIRST INFANTRY
Colonel Shatter's Regiment of
Regulars Slated for
Transfer.
THE FOURTEENTH COMING.
More Money Authorized for Improv
ing the Presidio — Code of
Whistle Signals.
Word comes from Washington that the
comnianaing general of the army has re
solved to transfer several regiments of in
fantry at the beginning of the next fiscal
year, July 1. In army circles in and about
San Francisco the coming event is the
chief topic of comment, for it seems that
the First Infantry, Colonel William R.
Sh after, is slated for transfer.
Companies A, B and G of this regiment
are stationed at lienicia barracks, and
Companies C, D, E, F, I and X, together
with headquarters, lield, staff and band at
Angel Island. Company H is on duty at
San Diego barracks.
The Fourteenth Infantry, Colonel T. M.
Anderson, at Vancouver barracks, Wash
ington, is slated to reiieve the First in this
department Since 1?69 the Fourteenth
has served in Arizona, Tennessee, Ken
tucky, Dakota, Utah, Nebraska, Wyoming
and Washington. The regiment has been
on duty in Washington for the past eleven
years.
The First Infantry has served in the
Department of California for ten years
and during tnat time officers and enlisted
; men have become sincerely attached to
S^n Francisco. They will leave the sthtion
! with regret, but with most delightful
memories of Angel Inland and Benioiu.
It is given out semi-offieially that the
First will relieve the Fourth Infantry,
now on duty in Idaho and Washington.
Other regiments listed for transfer are
the Second, Fifteenth, 8 ixteenth and
Twenty-fourth Infantry. The Fifteenth,
which has been stationed at Chicago for
many years, will likely be sent to the
Southwest. The regiment is thought to
need that sort of discipline which service
on the plains impart.
Colonel A. S. Kimball, chiel quarter
master Department of California, has
received an authorization from the
quartermaster-general to expend $26,000
for filling in the marsti land of the Pre
sidio reservation. The tillinp will extend
west from Lyon street, the east boundary
of the reservation, to the road which
leads from the post of the Presidio proper
to the wharf.
The Fair estate is to fill west as far as
Baker street, and the owner of the marsh
ground between Baker and Lyon streets,
George Whittell, is making arrangements
to till in on his property. Lyon street will
then be graded from Lombard street to the
bay.
There will remain for future filling on
the Presidio about forty acres of swamp
or marshy ground west of the road lead
ing from the post to the wharf.
Colonel KiinbaU deserves special credit
for the comprehensive manner in which
he has placed tiie requirements of the Pre
sidio before the department at Washing
ton. The allotment of $14,000 for stables
and $20,000 for tilling in the marsh came
from the reserve fund of the present fiscal
year. The allowance of $100,000 for tue
double briCK barracks came from the first
apportionment of the appropriation. The
hiiine in of the marsh ground does not
extend the area of the parade ground, but
widens the field for drill exercises and the
evolution of troops for instruction in ;
minor tactic?.
React Friday, the 12-inch rifle and the
mortars will be fired to test powder. The
tests will be made under the supervision of
Captain Peyton. la order to lest the effi
ciency of the powder projectiles will be
thrown, and toa velocity attained meas
ured.
Captain George P. Scriven, Signal Corps
T. S. A., now the military attache oi the
United States Embassy at Kome, and j
Major-General A. McD. Cook, who is also
in Kome, will be designated by the Secre- i
tary of War to officially represent the War
Department at the coronation of the Czar.
Lieutenant John W. Joyce, Battery H,
Fifth Artiilery, wiiojserved as Post Adju
tant dniinc the prolonged absence of Ad
jutant Galbraith, is on duty again with his
battery.
General Orders, No. 2, an elaborate docu
ment of sixty-tive pages reiatinc to artil
lery, cavalry and infantry instruction has
just been issued from Headquarters De
partment of California. It provides that
all instruction, theoretical and practical
(including parade and other ceremonies),
will be conducted in the forenoon of each
day.
The order embraces schedule of instruc
tion for heavy artillery, schedule for i
light artillery, infantry instruction
whistle signals, cavalry instruction, ;
special schedule of progressive instruction
for cavalry in the riding hall, schedule for
cavalry recruits, suggestions for elemen
tary instruction in minor tactics. The last ;
subdivision embraces particularly advance
guard duty, outpost service, rear guard
duty, reconnoisnnce ana screening.
Wuile the details of instruction are
printed for the guidance of United States
troops serving in this department, the
scheme is available for the use of the
National Guard.
Under the heading of "Schedule for
Infantry Jn*truction,"~the following code
of "whistle signals'' is used promiscuously
in the absence of any official code:
1. Halt. One prolonged note.
2. For ward, wurch. Two short notes and
one prolonged.
3. Quick time (walk] march. One short note
and one prolonged.
4. Douole Time (Trot) march. Two short
notes thrice and one prolonged.
5. Charge! (Gallop.) Three short notes thrice
and one prolonged.
6. To the roar, march. Three short notes
end one prolonged.
7. Com mence fir ing. Two
prolonged and two short notes.
8. CeaM tir inp.
a 1 teu tiun. One prolonged and
two short not) 1
9. Deploy as skirmishers from 11 se of squads.
Assemble by .-quads when deployed as skir
misher:-.
Two long and three short notes, to bo exe
cuted in imitation of drum beats for marching
in quick time.
LECTURES ON SOCIALISM
A Regular Course Begun at
Kohler-Chase Hall Yester
day.
A Satirical Discourse Regarding a
Reported Ministers' Excursion
to the East.
A cor.rse of lectures on liberal social
ism was begun yesterday in Kohler it
Chase Hall by Morrison 1. Swift, the sub
i iect discussed being "Drones, Intereet and
Kent: and the Economic and Moral
Method of St. Paul Touching These
Phenomena." A review of recent social
events was first given. Mr. Swifc said :
It is reported that a free excursion to the
East It to be given to the miniver 1 - mid pro
it^ sors of this coast by Mr. Huntlugton in re
turn for their services to the Southern Pacific
Connun in keeping perfectly silent about the
wroagl done to the people by the railroad.
: All the professors of political economy, ethics,
! and allied subjects are to M especially recog
, nized by a grand reception at Huntington's
New York palace, and ihey are to be honored
: by an introduction to the greatest men of the
: country— C. Vanderbilt, J. Rockefeller. A.
! Carnegie. G. Pullman, J. Astor. «i. Gould. Mor
gan. G. Cleveland and General Mile*. C. P.
Huntingtuu and Colonel Crocker will intro
duce them. Kacn professor will be allowed a
few moments of conversation with these 'emi
j nent personages, find will be given their
photograph* as a token of special esteem.
The following comes to us from our special
Southern Pacific reporter: The Southern Pa
dfic ha> set aside a fund which it calls the
•'uiinisters' fund. ' All ministers whose
, churches cannot pay their salaries will have a
: claim upon thil nnd if they wul merely Bay
nothing about the Son them I'acitic Railroad
and will pre«ch exclusively about spiritual
■• and heavenly tilings. The Southern Pacific
' Company fears that the Christtan religton ts
: becoming corrupted and defiled through the
; interference of one or two Eastern clergymen
! in secular things, and takes th'> ujjiiiis 01 keep
', ing the faith pure In California, it cungiatu-
J.Ht - the ministry of the coa-t that none of its
1 members have soiled tnelx cloth by dalliance
! with any of those vicious and worldly move
ments which are lalsely called advanced. •
Any pastots of rich churches, who through
nervous prostration have come to think that
i society is not perfectly just, or that the masses
arc not perfectly happy, wih be given an ex
j tended European tour from the ministers'
' fund. They will be allowed to travel until
! their malady is entirely cured.
Mr. Huntington now frankly admits that
! he sees the advantages of higher education
more clearly than ever before. He fir.d? that
his de^ns are hampered only by base and
uneducated pettons. He is not aware that a
single college graduate has thrown any ob
stacles in his way. If learning does not place
men on the same level with the ricli it at least
teaches them to perforate and despise the
vuljrar fallacies of ttie common working herd.
Friends near tne great man say that he is sure
to do something substantial for the university
graduates' associations of this State.
There are to be receptions to Vanderbilt and
i Depew this week by the Bohemian and Union
clubs becoming their civilian magnificence.
The Y. M. C. A. is to enjoy the rare felicity of
hearing a few words fall from the lips of f'hat
sublime Christian and patriot, Cornelius
] Vanderbilt.
Ju order that all sides of California life may
be represented it ha? been proposed that a
grand procession of all the unemployed in San
Francisco be formed to escort tne illustrious
: visitors from the ferry to the hotel. Mr.
Depew will be requested to speak from the
balcony on the benefits rendered to the masses
by millionaires. Mr. Vtinderbilt is to bo for
mally requested to contribute a ward to the
Suicide House for Workingmen, where those
who are no longer needed by the capitalists
can take their own lives with the least degree
of pain.
A deputation from the one-meal-in-two-days
out-oi-labor-union will wait upon i)r. Depew
to obtain courses 01 reading on the subject,
"HOW to maUe high-miii'Kd American citizens
out of skeletons who eat three times a week."
it has leaked out that a marble statue of Mr.
Vanderbilt and Mr. Huutington, arm in arm,
may be erected in Golden Gate Park, where
the workingmen can see it free. It is to repre
sent the union of the East and West. They
will appear to be walking on clouds, but be
low will be seen the feminine figures of Lib
erty and Justice, holding them up. The prop
osition comes from tiie Merchant*' Association
of San Francisco. They have offered to carry
out the idea if the unemployed will contribute
their leisure to the job gratis, and if the
sculptor will work for nothing. Much enthu
siasm is felt.
Five hundred skeletons have consented to
embellish the least in the maple room of the
Palace Hotel, given by the Union Club to these
Eastern grandees. Many of them are, or were,
strikers who were discharged by the Southern
Pacific and blacklisted. In the middle of the
banquet they are to be ushered through the
sumptuous hall to enhance the pleasures of
the reveler* by showing the contrasts which
God makes in human lots. Each of them is t to
be given a drink of water.
Gounod's "Redemption" to lie Produced
Gounod's oratorio of "Redemption" is to be
produced for the first time in San Francisco
with orchestral accompaniment, by the San
Francisco Symphony Orchestra and the San
Francisco Oratorio Society, in Metropolitan
Temple, Tuesday, March 31. The oratorio
consists of prologue and three parts. Re
served tickets, 75, 50, 35 and 25 cents, on sale
at 308 Post street.
A GRASS WIDOW NOW
Lillian Beddard Will Face the
Footlights and Her Dia
monds Alone.
HER HUSBAND DRANK HEAVILY
The Divcrce Only a Ripple in. the Life
of a Light-Hearted English
Actress.
Lillian Beddard, who has achieved suc
cess m Fhakospoarean roles, met in San
Francisco with perhaps the first, and at
any rate the most disagreeable, incident of
her career a= a legitimate ftCifCM.
"I came here," she said in an interview
last night, "with the most br liliant pros
pects and the most flattering testimonials
from England, Africa and Australia, and I
starred three weeks la 'Siberia' in Stock
wells Theater, and received Mattering
notices from the press, however not more
Mattering than I have received elsewhere.
But — " And here a pout clouded the
countenance of the bright little Kngii^n
woman, and a sober louk stole into her
light blue eyes as she added : ''Mr. titock
well and I didn't agree very well, and my
husband, Hereward Hoyte— that's before
I was divorced from him — was drinking
heavily ana my money. That
has thrown me bark considerably ; so you
may see that I have not been very well
treated here.''
Although this ktory so briefly told must
have been a sad one to remember the pout
was the only thing that marred the sun
shine on the mtrry face of the plucky lit
tle woman, who has always chosen to look
on the blithesome side of life. No one
would take Miss .Beddard for an English
woman, the only thing Knglfcb about her
being the cultured accent that rolls and
rattles the royal r-r-r. But that is all.
The rest is of sunny, vine-clad France,
whose people have hearts us warm as the
red hills upon which their choicest wines
are grown. The light blue eyes wear a
perpetual smile; the fair face, framed in
curly blonde hair, is that of one who en
joys the good things of life and pays but
little heed to the disagreeable ones.
Diamonds being some of the good things,
she has them in denty. and they scintillate
from her throat and lingers, making her
quite a sparkling gra-s widow indeed.
When one looks at her and thinks of the
divorce he wonders why a man with a
wife so charming should drink so much.
But, perhaps, that is Decause of the cussed
ness of the sterner sex.
Miss Beddard has a fine collection of
plays, most of which were written specially
fur her. One of these is "The White
Queen." written by Palgrare of London,
author of "Jane Shore.' It is a historical
play of the time of Louis Xll. Phe pro
duced this in London, ;md realized a large
sum of money out of the performances.
"The White Woman." a dramatization of
Wilkie Collins' "Woman in Wuite," is an
other of her favorite pieces. She has in her
repertoire several melodramas, among
them "The Gambler's Wife,'" by Neil 0?
London; ''The Mascot of Montana," by
her ex-husband, Hcrewnrd Hoyte, and sev
eral comedies, one. of which, "The Divided
Skirt." lias never been produced.
In London she playtd a long and suc
cessful season as lu»<ly Macbeth to the
Macbeth of Walter Kent lev. She played it
also for two weekn in Edinburgh, and the
bagpipers serenaded her every nigbt.
"Poor fellows! They seemed to enjoy it
•0 much. They really think it's music,"
and Miss Bedtiard iaughed heartily as
though she couid see ho music in "The
Keel o' Tulloch," "My Heart Is Sair for
Charlie." '"We're na That Fu, but Jist a
Wee Drap in Our Ec," and the other se
lections rendered with much explosive
ness by the braw and kilted Scotsmen.
Miss Bwldard was thp first Shakes
pearean actress to visit Johannesburg and
Kimberly, the gold and diamond centers
of South Africa, and she coined money
there in the name of William Shakespeare.
Among her enthusiastic patrons were:
Cecil it nodes, the South African states
man; Paul Rruger, the Boer President;
Mayor Graaff of Cape Town. A beautiful
full-blooded collie dog. the gift of Cicil
Khodes, accompanies the actress wherever
she goes. lie is one of the most faithful
of animals, and she would not part with
him for his weight in gold.
While in Cape Town, the actress was
very much interested in the Malay popu
lation. They are inveterate theater-goers,
and their women on such occasions attend
bedecked in the most gorgeous of silks,
and shod with embroidered slippers, rain
or shine.
People pay good prices to see a show in
Africa, the lowest being half a crown, and
ranging from 5 shillings to 10 shillings six
pence. The boxes fetch fiom 3 to 5 guineas.
At a benefit the rates are much higher.
"San Francisco is strange in one thing,
and that is that they don't give diamonds
to actresses," continued Miss Beddardwith
a laugh. "At my benefit in Kimberly I
got £.;,)0 worth of diamonds."
It was suggested that Kimberly was a
diamond district where tue minerß threw
diamonds at the birds, while San Fran
cisco was noted for its profusion of flowers
all the year round, which tbe people made
up into'bouqucts and threw at actresses and
at themselves.
Miss Beddard intends to ODen a season
here with one of her own plays in a short
time. ____^_
Funeral of a G. A. K. Veteran.
The funeral of Erwin R. McElroy took place
at 1 o'clock yesterday afternoon from 320 Post
street. It was conducted by George 11. Thorn as
Post, G. A. R., of which the deceased was a
member, and was largely attended by the
veterans and comrades of the post. The Rev.
Dr. C. O. Brown, chaplain of the post, con
ducted the funerßl services. The interment
was at National Cemetery.
FILLMORE IS OUTWITTED
Neat Trick Worked by the Mor
ton Special Delivery Com
pany.
TO ADVERTISE ITS BUSINESS.
Its Signs Are Now in Forty Stations
on the Southern Pacific
Railroad.
Superintendent Fillmore of the Southern
Pacific appears to have been made the vic
tim of a bright little scheme on the part
of the Morton Special Delivery Company.
For years he has waged a constant warfare
against the new baggage-smashing con
cern in order to protect the Pacific Trans
fer Company in the rights for which it has
paid. Peanut butchers were even forbid
den to sell on the trnins Looks containing
the Morton Company's advertisement, and
every possible means was taken to prevent
the traveling public from knowing that
they could have their trunks transferred
for thirty-five cents if they saved their
checks until they reached San Francisco
instead of giving them to the agent on the
train, who charged fifty cents.
That was the condition of affairs np to
last Wednesday. To-day nearly forty of
the railroad' 3 stations are decorated
with large card* warning people not
to give their checks to agents on :in> trains,
but to save them until they reach the City
and have them mored for thirty-live ceius
by the Morton Delivery Company. The
new cards were a great surprise to the
ticket agent.-*, but they had nothing to say
| on the subject, except that they were "put
i up by Fillmore's oiaers."
At first it was thought that a compro
mise had been effected between the two
transfer companies, but investigation
proves otherwise. W. R. Morton of the
delivery company, when spoken ta about
the matter, chuckled in the most pleased
manner and had the appearance of a man
contented with his handiwork.
••"We have to be on the lookout for these
opportunities to bring our name before
Jhe public,"' Mr. Morton said, "and I have
been working on this scheme a long time.
I did the work through a well-known sign
company, and think the thing will stick
or somebody will get damages.
"This is the way it was," he went on.
"The sign company made an agreement
with Fillmore to put up large frames of ad
vertisements in seventy different stations
throughout the State. Their contract
reads that it shall be of 'any rirni or per
son and so woraed as not to "be libelous or
indecent/ As we are sale on any of the
exceptions, I don't see what Mr. Fillmore
can do except allow our sign to remain in
the frames or pay the Adsigns Company
a large bill of tfamages for the amount
they wouid lose by having it taken out."
Mr. Morton smiled in the most pleased
manner and continued: "The men
started out with the signs last Wednesday,
ami by this time most likely have them
in every station between here and Sacra
mento and down to Fresno. It. is also the
intention to place them in the stations 01
the coast divi.'ions. In fact, they will go
anywhere that they will do the most good,
lnany event it Is not. my light, as the sign
company has guaranteed me aeain-t any
trouble." If the signs don't stay there I
don't pay for them.''
Evan j. Colemau of the transfer com
pany expressed great surprise when told
that the Morton Delivery Company had
put up «igns advertising their business in
the stations between Benjcia and Sacra
mento. "Surely," he said, 'you don't
mean to say they are in the station build
ings?"'
When informed that they were, he be
came quite indignant for a few moments,
and finally came to the conclusion that
Mr. Fillmore could know nothing about
them. "Our contract with the railroad
company will not allow those signs in
their depots, and I will look into the
matter to-morrow. We pay a large sum
for the privilege of doing business on tae
trains and pay the agents ninny thousands
of dollars a year in salaries for their work.
The Morton Company now has more
privileges than it should have and it pays
practically nothing for them. Those signs
cannot remain therr, and I am surprised
that I have not heard of them sooner.
But I am sure that Mr. Fillmore has been
fooled and as soon as he hears of it will
order the signs taken down."
As the matter stands it seems to have
great possibilities for a pretty fight any
way you look at it. If Mr. Fillmore has
been" fooled the chances are that some
thing will "pop"' when he discovers the
trick. If the Morton signs have really
been put up with his permission he will
have his hands full to square matters
with the Pacific Transfer Company so that
things are bound to be interesting for the
people, particularly those who have an in
terest m the transferring of trunks for 35
cents instead of 50 cents.
QUIT YE LIKE MEN.
Rev. Anna H. Shaw Discourses on the
Requisites of Man
liness.
The California-street Methodist Churrh
Wl ■ crowded last evening by an audience
chiefly of ladies assembled to hear Rev.
Anna H. Shaw's elaboration of the text:
"Watch ye; stand fast in the faith; quit
ye like men ; be strong."
She prefaced her address by the remark
that she would use the word man in the
generic sense. Miss Shaw continued:
The keynote of the test is strength of char
acter. The failures of the past have been ow
ing to characterless humanity. The world
has had too many weak women. What it
TOU/T
19* ' I
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks \ are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
\ along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
needs is strong-minded, self-respecting, sell
assertive women. A stream cannot rise higher
than its source. A man cannot rise to a char
acter level higher than his parentage.
A man's character is himself. He can escape
his enemies, but not hims-'lf and his character.
There are three things necessary to a strong
character. It must pos«e«s moral courage. A
man may be physically courageous, but a
moral coward. It is no easy thing to turn
aside from the beaten track of thought and
action, not alone when the tide of public senti
ment, but the pleas of loved ones, are against
such a course. A cross is beautiful at Easter
tide. But how rude anil bard was that one
borne nearly 1900 years ago?
A man ot strong character must be ft man of
unalterable faith in Hod. All those who have
gone forth with a great truth tor the world
have been men of such abiding faith. The
world is still mourning the Christ song Byron
might have sung.
Inialtering obedience to the commands of
Go<i is an essential of a strong character. No
man is capable of leadership unless lie be will
ing to follow in the footprints of the lowly
Christ.
A man should be loyal to what he believes to
be true. There is more manhood and hape in
him who cleaves to the truth as he conceives
it to be, even though it be not truth, than him
who is false to the truth he has recognized.
People have said men cannot live up to the
standards of women; that those standards are
too high. But they are God's standards. It
behooves the bearers to hold God's standards
higher than the standards of the world.
MEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
ri\ICDLAnOtR.COrTLOO « G>- Ann rwnwiM • • •
~7^r~ QiMßnn'
HENDERSON'S 0I 1 1 II fl II I
SEVENTH by the
ANNUAL IBOCII
franco mamm co.
SEASON! WITH m
1000 Novelties :•••••• ••:
Rolled into ;Get seats early:
SEVEN a Mammoth : and avoid :
_ ...,_, ' Kntertainment. : the crush. :
NICtHTS *..........»..*...J
MOKE, Most Positively
•• v. "■ Leave at the ---- -
THEN End of This Week!
~r»Ti „..- See the Great Ballets.
GOOD-B\ , Hear the 60 choristers.
_, See the Marvelous Scenic Kffects.
»A*S> Ouiy MA TINF.E SATURDAY.
SIN BAD ! ji on( jay next FranK Mayo In Mark
Twain's '•Puda'n"h<»ad Wilson."-
TO-NIGHT.
Return to His Old Home of the favorite Actor,
mr. O'NEILL
JAMES nCIL.I-.
In His Famous Classic.
]MOl^T£i CRISTO!
SOUVENIRS TO-NIGHT ONLY!
Tuesday. - VIRGINIUS
Wednesday THE COI'KIKK OF LYONS
Thursday MONTE CRISTO
Friday..:. HAMLET
Saturday Matinee VIKGINIUS
Saturday and Sunday Nights CRisTO
: MONTE CRISTO
t theatre' '«""
TO-NIGHT The Always Welcome
—and— Comedy Drama, '"..
th.s "FRIENDS"
WEEK. . By Edwin Milton Royle.
MATINEE Management of •
SATURDAY. Arthur C. Alston. . •
Next Monday -PETER F. DAILEY
In "THE NIGHT CLERK." i.*: 0
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. .E.rnestime Kket.ino, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVKN ING THIS
WWEEK: tit
w
Bleb ard Stahl's Romantic Opera,
y "SAID PASHA!" y
? "SAID PASHA!" ?
MIRTH AND MELODY. .
NEXT MONDAY EVENING
The Spectacular Easter Burlesque, . . *
"BLUE BEARDI"
"An Old Friend In a New Dress." .
All the Latest Novelties in Song, Dance
and Humor.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
The Romantic French Melodrama,
•THE RED POCKETBOOK !"
Adapted from the French by Louis Imhaus.
A Magnificent Production! - New Mechanical Ef-
fects! Sixty P«ople on the Stage !
Evinixq Pbicki— 2sc and Tils.
Family Circle and OaUerv. 103.
Usual- Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
THE AUDITORIUM.
Corner of Jones and Eddy Streets.
Friedlander, Gottlob & Co., Lessees and Managers
Every Evening & Saturday and Sunday Matinees,
RICHARD & PR INGLE'S
FAMOUS GEORGIA MINSTRELS!
Headed by the Great BILLY KF.RNANDB.
Watch for the Band Parade at 1 1 : 30 A. M.
FREE CONCERT, at 7:15 p. m. in front of the
Theater by one of the finest Bands traveling.
PRICES 15c, 35c and sOc. :
ORPHEUM.
OTarreU Street. Between Stockton anl Pd^a'J.
TO-NIGHT AND DURING THE WEEK
An Unparalleled List of Notables!
THE "3 'MARVELLES,'
SEGOMMER,
THE N AWNS,
BRLET AND RIVIERE .
AND
A SUPERB VAUDEVILLE COMPANY !
Reserved seats, 25c: Balcony, 10c; Opera ca»!ri
»nd Box seats. 60c. - -=-■ ' ": :.^
MACDONOUGH THEATER
: S (OAKLAND).
4 Nights, Beginning: To-night,
"The Fair Mahatma." ',-.;..<
ANNA EVA FAY —
Secure Seats— Prices. 25c, 35c, 50c— higher.
SUTRO BATHS.
AT 2:30 AND 8:00 P. M. DAILY,
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Performance!
BOYS' SWIMMING RACE
At 3:00 and 8:30 P. 31. "
Winners of Daily Trials to Compete
. Saturday. March 28. • V
Gold and Silver Medals for First and
- ■•■.""'. Second Prize. fI >iUVS.-
SHOOT THE CHUTES
-Afternoon and Evening. v
ADMISSION (Adults) 10 CENTS.
CHILDREN— ADMISSION, sc: CHUTES, 5c
Ladles— Chutes, Week- Day Afternoons, sc.
racing! racing! racing!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB.
WINTER MEETING— —
Beginning Thursday, March 19th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday,
Friday and Saturday. ' Bain or Shine.
FI VE OR MOKE K ACES EACH day.
. Races start at 2 AX) p.' m. sharp. ..
McAllister and Geary street tar* pass the ata.
R. B. AULROY. THOS. H. WILLIAMS JK,
(Secretary. i'resld«a*.
78
PRESIDES OVER
TWO CHURCHES
Rev. Dr. Cocmbe's Efforts
in the Cause of
Religion.
NOTED AS A BUILDER.
Pastor of Richmond and Pierce
Street Congregational
Churches.
WORK OF THE SUNDAY SCHOOLS
Christian Endeavor Societies and
Weekly Prayer Meetings Enjoy
Large Membership.
There are tyro churches in San Francisco
that are presided over by one pastor— the
Richmond Congregational Church, in th^ Richmond Distric , Wher- tt.v. i i iJip Coombe, Also Pu.*t>r of the Pie. cc-Street Church, Presides
Sun Jay Evening .
[Sketched by a "Call" staff artist.*]
Richmond Congregational Church and the
Pierce-street Congregational Church. Rev.
Dr. Philip Coombe directs both. At 11
a. m. on Sundays be preaches at the
Pierce-street Church, and at 7:30 p.m. in
Richmond Congregational Church.
At present the membership of P.ichmond
Congregational Church is fifty-nine. The
members are mostly young men and
women, and a majority have united
with the church upon confession of faith,
few having been received from other
churches. They are united and loyal to
their pastor.
Connected with the church there is a
Sunday-school and a Christian Endeavor
Society. The Sunday-school is efficiently
ofiicored, and has foY its superintendent
Jackson Donogh and Mi3s Mat'tie Hook,
and for secretary Ilia Marie Horton. The
Sunday-school lias a meiuber.-hip of 101,
and the young people take a great pride
and interest in their organization. The
time of meeting is 10:45 a. m., and the
Christian Endeavorer.s assemble at 6:45
P. M. on Sundays.
But it is the prayer-meeting in which
the pastor takes thf> greate-t satisfaction.
It is held on Tr.Cfday evenings at 7:30
o'clock. The prayer-meeting has a large
and regular attendance. For some time
the church has been too smaii for the
needs of the congregation, and the mem
bers expect to erect a more spacious and
beautiful one soon. Part of the money for
this purpose has been raised, vi.d promises
to contribute much of th»> timber required
have already been received. In case the
proper amount cannot be raised the old
church wiH be enlarged and remodeled, as
the members do not desire to be ineum
bered with debt. The pros]>ects for a new
church, however, are excellent. The de
sign favored by the majority is that of the
Hants Rosa church.
Tho membership of Pierce-street Church
is twenty-eight, and is composed mostly
of young persons. Connected with the
church is a Sunday-school of good attend
ance, which meets at 12:30 P. m. on Sun
days in order not to conflict with the time
of Sunday-school at the Richmond church.
Through the generosity of Stephen S.
Smith, one of the editors of the Pacific,
both churches have large and Taluable
lots clear of all incumbrance.
Dr. loorabe, the pastor of the churches,
is an Englishman by birth and was edu
cated in his native country for commercial
pursuits. Before coming to America he
held a position oi trust in the London
house of which George Williams, founder
of the Young Men's Christian Association,
is president. Coming to America in 1873
he engaged in commercial affairs for six
years and was successful in everything he
undertook.
In 1879 he entered the Pacific Theologi
cal Seminary of Oakland with the inten
tion of going to Japan as a missionary. At
the expiration of tnree years' study he was
urgently requested to remain in Cali
fornia.
The reverend gentleman's first pastorate
was at Feritdale, Hurnboldt County, in
LBBL For eleven years he remained there,
disseminating the truths of the Gospel,
lie came to San Francisco in 1893 :ind or
ganized the Richmond Congregational
Church in December of that year. The
Fierce-street church was not brought into
existence till April, 1895. Dr. Coombe's
domestic iife is the happiest, surrounded
as he is by a devoied wife and six bright
children.
Dr. Coombe preached on "The Agony of
Jesus in Gethsemane" at the Richmond
Congregational Church last night. He
said:
"No one who thinks seriously about the
agony of Jesus in Gethsemane can do so
without being moved in the depth of his
inner life; ior it brings before us the great
est agony, the deepest sorrow that has ever
been recurded in the history of our race.
"Jesus trod the wine press alone. He
knows ail our troubles by reason of his
own experience. He ia touched by our in
firmities.
"Jesus knows every agony of soul and
will never leave us. Our sky may be
heavily overcast, but there are golden rifts
in the clouds and glorious rainbows in the
heavens, reaching the earth as they circle
the aide*. In the invisible and eternal
things of the life beyond us and nbove us
we have to see the clouds and sit in the
darkness and suffer the Dam and endure
the loneliness, but we may see something
of the splendor of heaven if we will look
upward, and brightness and illumination
may beam upon us until the human face
may look like the face of an angel, and,
like Stephen, we may see the heavens
opened and the glory of God, and Jesus
sitting on the rigut hand of God. As we
ascend the mount of God through wind
and storm, with battered head and bruised
feet, and broken heart, and bated breath,
we shall reach the sunshine of the Divine
presence above the clouds and darkness,
above the tempest and storm."
Keefe Wa* Only Disciplined.
It appears that John Keefe, the gripman on
the Jackson-street line who was said to have
been discharged irom the Market-street Rail
way service because of a visit to Ingleside, is
merely undergoing discipline at the hands of
his company.
He attended the races with his wife and
some of her lady friends on his regular <?ay off.
He did not play the races himself, but ai the
request of his companions purchased some
pools for them.
His record is said to be excellent. Me ran
the first car over the Jackson-streot line eight
years ago and has bee'i in faithful attendance
to his duties since. He has laid his cose before
Mr. Viiiing and Mr. Skinner and they have
taken it under advisement. His defense in
that no rule prohibiting attendance at the
races was posted in the Jackson carhouse, and
that he was ignorant of such a rule. He is not
a habitue of the races.
Mr. Keefe is in a tractable mood and says the
company's rules must be obeyed.
Nature's great remedy. Mitchell's Magic
Lotion always relieves pain and generally
cures. •
Nature's great remedy. Mitchell's Magic
Lotion always relieves pain and generally
cures. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
BROWN IN THE PULPIT
He Preaches Morning and Even*
ing at the First Congre
gational Church.
THE ATTENDANCE NOT LARGE
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper and Her Bible
Class Hold Forth at the Native
Sons' Hall.
The Rev. Dr. Brown preached at both
the morning and evening services at the
First Congregational Cliurch yesterday.
The congregation numbered about four
hundred.
Dr. Brown selected as the text of the
morning discourse, Mark, chapter 11, verse
9, "Blessed is he that comeih in the
name of the Lord."
Unlike his sermon of the Sunday previ
ous, the pastor spoke directly to the sub
ject, not even so much as hinting at the
troubles now surrounding him or which
have come so near to wrecking the First
Church. When all else has been said Dr.
Brown must be given credit for preaching
an eloquent, masterly sermon, with just
enough of the tearless tremor to impress
those who had not heard him before.
In his opening remarks Pastor Brown
said that of all strange, inexplicable
things concerning the coming of the Lord,
none were more strange than this: Dur
ing the early part of Christ's ministry, he
did not proclaim his Mcssiahship, neither
did he deny it. It was not until Christ
had made a place for himself that he tod
the world who lie was. Had he done oth
erwise, argued Dr. Brown, he would have
wrought a political rather tnan a religious
change. Christ did not come to satiate
political ambition, but to elevate human
ity to the plane of talvation.
At the conclusion of the morning ser
vices the standing committee met in the
pastor's study to pass on the applications
for membership of twelve women, young
and middle-aged. Under the existing con
ditions the presumption is that the dea
cons passed the would-be members with
out any <:reat Congregational form.
John Kirn ball's Bible class occupied the
church immediately after the sermon, the
regular Snndav-school meeting in the
lecture-room below.
The evening service at the First Church
did not differ materially from that of the
morning, except as far as the text went.
Dr. Brown found his subject in the thirty
second verse of the last chapter of Revela
tions, and for half an hour entertained his
hearers with his interpretation of the gos
pel as found in that part of the New Testa
ment.
The fifteen or twenty new members se
cured by Dr. Brown and his friends during
the pa3t two weeks do not seem to worry
those now seeking to oust him. Brown's
enemies claim that it matters not how
much new blood is introduced, it cannot
save the pastor.
MRS. COOPER'S CLASS.
A Large Attendance at the B b!e
Reading and Discussion In
Native Sons' Hall.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper's Bible-class met
at Native Sons' Hall yesterday. There was
;,».-■■:- . ■ ■ • -.--■
a large attendance ; and all : took a \ lively
interest in the spiritual discuss ion. r The
class, which is . making an extra effort
since leaving the First Congregational
Church, has issued the following invitation
to their friends:
You are hereby requested to attend the Inaugura
tion exercises of the
SAKAH B. COOPER
Christian Endeavob ScxdaT-Schooi
AND KINDEBOABTKJJ,
Sunday, 3:30 p. it., April 5, 1896,
Ninth Avenue and H Street.
Mrs. Cooper has kindly consented toaddress the
meeting, and it is hoped her Bible-class will attend
in a body.
'lake the Xl lis or Halght street cars and transfer
to steam cars. Stop at Ninth avenue, south of
Golden Hate Park.
The class yesterday discussed "The
Young Ruler. 1 ' Luke xviii: 15-30.
Many Bible scholars in the audi
ence, including several clergymen. Visit
ors stopping at the different hotels intro
duced themselves and soon felt at home in
the discussion of different points brought
out in the lesson. It was agreed that the
young ruler lacked the central principle of
character. He loved himself and his
worldly possessions better than all else.
He loved material things above spiritual
things.
"To be a Christian," said Mrs. Cooper,
"the spiritual life must dominate the phy
sical f and secular life. Tiie young ruler
wanted spiritual good as a sort of addenda
to his earthly possessions. This is evident
from the fact that the moment the test
came, as to whether he would choose
spiritual excellence or temporal good, he
chose the latter without any hesitation.
He wen: away sad. Spirituality cannot
be a parasite growine on the boughs of
prosperity. The spiritual must inspire
and control the lower physical life. And
when this is a fact in hunun life, then all
other needed thing* are added. Selrish
nesd is dark and deadly wherever it is.
Selfishness is the bane of human life. The
law of sacrifice is the true law of life. Who
soever would save iiis life must lose it. He
that losetii his life shall i-ave it unto life
eternal. It is only what we give that we
really keep."
SCHRODER MONUMENT.
Dedicated Yesterday Afternoon at Odd
Fellows' Comet«ry by the 'Wood
men of the World.
At Odd Fellows' Cemetery yesterday
afternoon the monument to the memory
of Theodore C. Schroder was unveiled by
Golden Gate Camp No. 64, Woodmen of
the World. There were present about 100
members of the camp, a large number of
members from Redwood Camp No. 91 and
a large crowd of visitors.
The members grouped around the monu
ment in a circle and opened the ceremonies
with the singing of the anthem, "Rock of
Ages." Council Commander P. i>\ Gilroy
made a few introductory remarks as to
the purpose of the assemblage, which wns
followed by singing "Nearer, My God, to
Thee." Marion de Rocco then feelingly
recited the poem, "Oh ! Why Should the
Spirit of Mortal Be Proud?"
The council commander ordered the
master of ceremonies to remove the veil,
which being done, he rend the simple in
scription chiseled on the white marble
stiaft:
To the Memory of
Theodore C. Schroder,
Born December 23, 1807,
Died December 9, 1895.
Erected by tne Woodmen of the World.
There followed the dedication of the
monument in the impressive form peculiar
to the order.
The oration of the day, delivered by
George \\ . Day wait, dwelt upon the ster
ling Qualities of the character of the de
censed and paid a tribute to the relatives
and friends. After the camp salute the
members marched back to the chapel and
disbanded.
IN THE QUIET SEASON
The Aloha Whist Club Holds Its
Final Meeting of the
Season.
IN HONOR OF MISS FRATHER.
Entertainment in Aid of the Training
School for Nurses.
Personals.
The Aloha Whist Club held the final
meeting of the present season on Wednes
day evening last at the residence of Mrs.
H. A. Andrews. 812 Bartlett street. After
a closely contested game the prizes were
awarded to Mrs. E. O. Reiser, Mrs. An
drews, Mr. Lacey and Dr. Andrews.
After the game refreshments were served
and toasts were in order. Mrs. Jones read
an original poem, written especially for
the occasion, after which Mrs. Reiser,
president of the popular Aloha, declared
the club adjourned until next season.
A dinner complimentary to Miss Myra
Prather, whose engagement to Harry East
Miller was announced last week, was given
recently by Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Prather.
The table decorations were in pink. The
gues'.s included: Miss Belie Mhoon, Flor
ence Dunham, Miss Annie Haven, Miss
Bertha Foote, Messrs. Harry East Miller,
Harry Knowles, James McKee, Arthur
Brown and Paul Miller. Another affair
complimentary to Miss Prather will be
eiven by Mr«. *H. M. A. Miller on Saturday
next. It will bo an afternoon luncheon. The
Invitations will include a number of the young
married women of society and some o! Miss
Prather's girl friends. Among them are: Mrs.
Edson Adams, Mrs. Thomas Prather, Miss Ida
Belle Palmer, Mrs. Marguerite Jolliffe, Miss
Jessie Glascock.
Mrs. George H. Powers is arranging for a
musicale, to be given for the benefit of the San
Francisco Training School for Nurse*, an in
stitution at the City and County Hospital.
This worthy institution has thirty-three young
ladies under its tutelage. Miss Mary Patron
officiating as superintendent. The entertain
ment, in which the best local talent, musical
and elocutionary, will participate, will be
given in the parlors of the Occidental about
April 20.
The proceeds will be used for furnishing
the recently enlarged quarters for the nurses.
Tickets can be obtained from the patronesses
ami Miss Patton.
The patrones-es of the institution are: Mrs.
George H. Powers, Mrs. Selden S. Wright, Mrs.
C. N. Eliinwood, Mrs. Gibbons Jr., Mrs. G. A.
Crux. Mrs. H. E. Huntingdon, Mrs. Sand.s For
man, Mrs. C. Elwood Brown, Mrs. S. Ella Long,
Mr-. Joseph L. Moody, Mrs. S. W. Holladay.
Mrs. Darling, Mrs. G. Washington Dodge, Mrs.
E. P. Cole, Mrs. W. B. Brown, Mrs. L. L. Baker,
Mrs. Thor.ias Cole. Mrs. Van Brunt of Alame'la,
Mrs. Joun Knell, Mrs. L'Hote of Stanford Uni
versity, Mrs. Joseph F. Black, Mrs. Evelyn
Moss. ■
The Alumni of Commercial and Polytechnic
High School will hold iis first regular meeting
thi.« Monday) evening, March SO, 1896, in
Shasta Hall, Native Sons' building, 414 Mason
street.
The following ladies and gentlemen h»vo
the entertainment in charge: Henry F. IVr
nau. president; Harry C. Morris, first vice
pn-sident; Mi 1 -? Ragan, second vice-president;
Miss Nellie Connor, recording secretary; Mr.
Wi.lfßohn, financial secretary; John Rapp,
treasurer; directors— Arthur Cnrrie, F. T.
Martens, W. li. Barr, W. Bush, L, E. Stoltz,
Miss E. Hoyd. Mr. Garren, C. L. Fleishman,
William Hobro.
Mrs. James Garneau of St. Louis is visiting
her mother. Mine. Loughran, but will receive
Mondays with her eister, Mrs. O'Farrell, at
lOIG Post st.
Mr. and Mrs. J. IT. Scott will celebrate their
tin weddiug on Monday evening, April G, at
their residence, 15j>0 Page street.
Mr. and Mrs. Marcos Rus«ek and daughter
and Mrs. S. H. Russek returned from Del
Monte and left Saturday morning for Santa
Barbara and the southern parts, en route to
Mexico. Miss Minnie Hoff of 1414 Webster
street accompanied them.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Enrman and Miss Amy Elir
man, prior to their departure for Europe, will
he at home Sunday afternoon and evening,
April 5.
F. Dohrmann Jr. and Mrs. B. W. Paulsen
havo just returned from New York after an ab
sence of two months.
Miss Susie A. Denvir has returned from a
two months' visit to Honolulu.
President of the Harbor Commission E. L.
Colnon, wife and daughter and his niece. Miss
Edna Scott, have returned from nn extended
visit through the southern part of California.
The San Francisco Liberal Union will give
an "evening at home" on Thursday evening,
April 2, at Mozart Hall, 135(5 Market street.
A literary and musical entertainment will be
piven by the Catholic Ladies' Aid Society No.
10 for the benefit of the relief fund, at Union
square Hall, Monday evening, April (>.
The election of officers for the Mystics re
sulted as follows: President, W. W. Sale; vice
president, M. L. Reynolds; secretary, K. Math
erson; treasurer, 11. 6. Muller. The eighteenth
party of this popular club will beheld at the
Native Sons' Hail on Tuesday evening, April
14.
Golden Gate Drill Corps will give an excur
sion and picnic Sunday, April 12, at Sunset
Park, Santa Cruz Mountains.
Martha Lodge, No. 244, Knf<*hts and Ladies
of Honor, will cive an Easter pßrty on Mon
day, April •">, at Social Hail, Alcazar "building,
190 O'Farrell street.
It is the custom of ships lying at the
Brooklyn Navy-yard to discharge their
powder before entering the docks, as a
p,r caution again 8 1 accidents.
NEW TO-DAT.
Can you tell a hand-
made cigar when you
smoke it ?
Compare a "MAN-
TELL" with a ma-
chine-made one*
Absolutely uniform —
"black sheep,"
10c, 2 for 25c. 3 for 25c.
WHOLESALERS
The Wertheimer Company, S. F.
#/ WW PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY- DISEASES OF MEN. INCLUD-
ing nil forms of Blood, 1 Skin and Nervous IMs-i
* eases. -. Over 20 years' experience. > Hook Rent free.
J'atients cured at Home. -,'lVrtns reasonable. Office
Hours. 9to dally; 6:20 to 8:30 evening. -Sundays, :
10 to 12. ' Consultation free iind sacredly confiden- ;
tial. 'Call, or address ; •■■"■ -/:'■■/,-: : >.'r;^ ( %<
rr. Rom nmvi/TV. ar. »..
26! i Kenrn,T Street, Sail Francisco, Cal. • ,
RADWAYS
PILLS,
Purely vegetable, mild and reliable. - Secure Com-
plete digestion | and absorption of | the | food, causa
a healthy action of the .Liver and render the BoweU:
natural in their opcrat oil without griping
»*^Mifi jriirniiiii^i ijin r>i,rniii i ,iiM.iiii^iwii iiiiajnffnmT»..»rf*..rfiffi....isrW^Pniwffla
HAD A GOOD TIME.
Went Down to Arizona, Saw the
Sights and Has Returned.
Some Interesting: News From a Man
Who Has Traveled.
AMONG THE COUNTRY PEOPLE IN TnE
East, Arizona is still regarded as one of "the
wildest and woollest" placss that, this enlightened
republic holds as part of Its territory. But the Ar-
izona of to-day— though It may occasionally claim
attention because of some slight divergence from
what may be called "Sunday-school manners"— ls
not that man-hunting, reckless, devil-may-care
country which has so often been described in fairy
tales that touch the gentle ear of the average East-
erner with a thrill of holy horror. Out in this be-
nighted region (which, however, has been found to
be in truth '-God's own country") it i 3 not uncom-
mon for people who have the leisure to go down to
•Arizona" for a holiday, or when it is necessary to
lecuperate in a dryer or a warmer climate One.
Kf-ntleman who has just come from there could
without doubt give some very interesting informa-
tion about the great Territory, for he is a man o
keen observation. Reference is made to S. M.
Hooker, who is now In Los Angeles. Mr. Hooker
had the misfortune to get an attack of most malig-
nant catarrh, which was so far-reaching In its ef
fees that it nearly destroyed the whole of his
nervous system, b;it he applied to the great spe-
cialists at the great Hudson Medical Institute-
that wonderful establishment for the cure of all
the ills to which humanity is heir, and, of course,
the great specialists there very speedili- effected a
cure in his case, as they do in all other curable
cases. Mr. Hooker thus expresses himself about
it in a letter to the management :
Los Axoelks. July 30, 1895.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE, San Fran-
cisco— Gentlemen: Your letters. r»ached me, being
forwarded from Arizona tome h^re. .1 have no*
filled oul the blank, as I found it was unnecessary.
I feel now a? though I am a cured and a well man,
and I have gained ten pounds since I came here-
just a month ago. lam very grateful for what you
have done for me. 1 ou^hi. to have written to you
before, but have not had time. I had a spU ndi<l
time in Arizona since I wrote you last. Kesp.ct-
fnlly yours j S. M. Hooker.
This is an encouraging letter, for Mr. Hooker
was In a most serious condition when he placed
himself in the bands of the specialists of this
grand institution, but It is matched in tone daily
by hundreds of similar expressions of gratitude
from enred patients, a whole room at the insti-
tute being devoted to testimonials.
E. W. Fowler of Kamele. or., says: "I am
feeling as good now as it is possible for a man to
feel.''
F. Mlnturn of St. Louis, Mo.: "I desire to ex-
press my sincere thanks for the careful and con-
scientious manner in which my case has been
trea.ed by you."
A. Burton of Grass Valley: "Your medicine
did me lots of v;ood and I will s°nd for some mdYe. "
K. C. Taft 01 stowe, Ca!,: "I am feeling fine,
without the sign of disease now."
When thousands tall the same story, can you
longer doubt the skill of these marvelous special-
ists? In each instance you will find that the peo-
ple say that they have been CURED. Then, as
soon as possible, 'f you are ill at all in any way,
goto the HUDSON MEDICAL INSTIIUTE, for
there yon will be certain to find help, and you
won't waste any money either.
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head or stomach : all bron-
chial diseases: all functional nervous diseases:
St. Vims' dance; hysteria: shaking palsy;
epilepsy ; all kinds of dlod.l troubles: ulcers: rheu-
matism: gout; eczema; all skin diseases,
from whatever cause arising: psoriasis; all blood-
poisoning; poison oak: spinal trouble: nervous
exhaiis ion and prostration: incipient paresis;
all kidney diseasps: lumbago: sciatica: dyspepsia:
indigestion; constipation: all visceral disorders,
wnich are treated by the depurating departm* nt.
Circulars and Testimonials of the
Great Hudyansent Free.
OIJISON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Mark.t and Klli- Sts.
PROPOSALS.
QXTT3T3T T ■ ,ica
SS> I—l Jt** -fc"* A-mjLJcLmbZ&
FOR THE
STATEIHSftNEASYLUM
AT AQNEWS.
Commencing May 1, 1896, and Ending
, September 30, 1896.
■\TOTICEIS HEREBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
~JLi proposals will be received at the office of the
Secretary of the Board of Trustees of the State In-
sane Asylum at Agnews, No. 32 East Santa Clara
street, San Jose, up to 3 o'clock p. m. of TUES-
DAY, APRIL 21, 1896. and at the Asylum at
Agnews up to 10:30 o'clock a. m. of WEDNES-
DAY. APRIL 88, 1898 (Asylum time), for furnish-
ing supplies tor said Asylum for the six months
commencim: May 1. 1896, and ending September
30. 1896, said proposals consisting of the following
schedule, and to be delivered as ordered :
Groceries.
6000 pounds Beans, small white No. 1, last crop.
4 dozen Bath Brick.
1000 pounds Crackers. Soda, net weight.
250 pounds Corn Starch, Kingoi'ord's, 1-pound
papers.
400 pounds Cheese, best quality, California.
40 pounds Candles, Stearic Wax, 20-pound boxes,
16 ounce. ■■■■•.
50 gallons Coal Oil, 150 degrees test.
4H pounds Chocolate, Eagle, 1-pound papers.
100 pounds ti^rmea.
3000 pounds Hominy, large.
15 press Matches, Diamond Match Co.'s three
noes, Safe;y.
. 4 dozen bottles Lucca Oil, quarts, Cross & Black-
well.
2 dozen bottles Olive Oil. Quito farm, Goodrich's
large.
600 pounds Pearl Barley. No. 3.
300 gallons Pickles, No. 1 mixed, in barrels. ' l .
3 boxes Haislns, 3-crown loose, 50-pound boxes.
6000 pounds Rice, Sandwich Islands, No. 1.
1000 pounds Split Pf as.
9000 pounds Sugar, dry granulated, extra fine.
15,000 pounds Sugar, Golden C. ' -'■-'■:■'
200 poumls Sugar, cube. .
200 pounds Sugar, powdered.
1200 gallons syrup, Golden, 30 gallons to the
barrel.
72 pounds Soda. Bi-carborate, 1-pound papers.
800 pounds Tapioca, flake.
200 gallons Vinegar, wine, 40 deg. test.
3 dozen bottles Worcestershire Sauce, Lea A Per-
rin's. pints.
6 cases Oysters, 12 ounces. No. 1, Farren's.
Macaroni and Vermicelli.
1000 pounds Macaroni, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net. .
1000 pounds Vermicelli, white, No. 1, 25-pound
boxes, net. ".'■/."■'■■'.■'-■
Canned Goods.
10 cases Canned Apricots, standard, gallons.
10 cases Canned Corn. Window's.
10 cases Canned Peaches, standard, gallons.
I 3 cases Jellies, assorted.
Dried Fruit.
2000 pounds Dried Applrs, sliced, Noil. •
1000 pounds Dried Apricots, bleached, No. 1.
100 pounds Dried Currants. Zante, No. 1.
1000 pounds Dried Peaches, bleached. No. 1. : '. .
• 3000 pounds Dried Prunes, California French, 60
to TO.
Coffee, Tea, Spices, Etc.
1000 pounds Coffee, Java.
1 4000 noun. is Coffee. Guatemala.
1600 pounds Chicory. '■■
500 pounds Tea. A. Schilling A Co's Popular
No. 4. - ■'.-■■■ ■' ■'. ' ■■' •
' 1500 pounds Tea. ; Diamond • M.. E. B. Congou
■ No. 12. : ' •' . . •. - ,• ■■ / ■ ■ i ■_-.-.
500 pounds Baking Powder, Pioneer or Golden
Gate, 5-pound cans. . *
* 60 pounns Cinnamon, ground. A. Schilling A
Co's best. 3-pound cans. .
20 pounds ■; Ginger, ground. A. Schilling A Co 's
best. '3-pound cans. ..,
100 pounds Mustard, ground. A. Schilling A
Co.'s best. 3-pound cans. ■ ■ : ■
250 pounds Pepper, black, ground. A. Schilling
A Co.'s best.. 3-pound cans. . ■
"" 2 dozen bottles Extract of Lemon." A. Schilling
& Co. best triple. 32-ounce bottles. .
' 2 dozen bottl<-s Extract of Vanilla. ; A. Schilling
<& Co.'s best triple, 32-ounce bottles. >
.; Fresh Beef. Mutton, Etc.
100.000 pounds, ; Fresh Beef, No. V all steers.
from f.OO pounds to 700 pounds, delivered in sides'
5000 pounds No. 1 Fresh Mutton, delivered
whole.
3600 pounds No. 1 Fresh Veal.'dressed, delivered
whole, •
Roll Butter.
2600 pounds Fresh Fancy California Butter.
Kee Butter.
b lO,OOO pounds First class California Keg
K«s.
4000 dozen Fresh California Eggs.
Potatoes.
110.000 pounds No. 1 Burbank Potatoes.
PROPOSALS— Continued.
Hams, Bacon , Lard and Fork. «
600 pounds • Bacon, Light Breakfast, bidders t«
state brands.' ■ • -, ' " .- ■' . •
2500 poundi Hams, bidders to state brands.
1000 pounds Lard, Pure Leaf, In tierces.
6 barrels Salt Pork, extra clear.
Salt Fish.
600 pounds Codfish, California, selected. 100
pound cases to run 18 fish or less to case, last
catch.
5 half-barrels Mackerel, No. 1, 100 pounds net
each barrel. . '.
Fresh Fish.
10,000 pounds Fresh Fish, I*o. l assorted.
Salt.
8000 pounds Fine Dairy Salt.
Flour, Grain, Etc.
15,000 pounds Ground Barley.
6000 pounds Corn Meal
6000 pounds bat Meal, extra.
6000 pounds Cracked Wheat.
25,000 pounds Bran
3 barrels Rolled Oats.
600 barrels Fl.mr, bakers' extra. .
2400 pounds Graham Flour.
6000 pounds Wh.at.
, Chewing Tobacco.
FOO pounds Drummond Tobacco Company'!
Horse Shoe. !
Smoking Tobacco and Pipes.
350 pounds Plug Cut, In 1-pound packages; bid-
ders 10 submit samples.
6 gross Clay Pipes. 1. D.
Soap, I.ye and Soda.
125 boxes of Star of Kitchen Soap, 20 bars to
the box. '
20 boxes Ivory Soap, laundry size, 100 bars to
the box-'
1500 pounds Laundry Soap, Tischer's.
200 cans Concentrated Lye, American, one-pound
cans.
Laundry Supplies.
1 case Chloride of Lime. 24 ten-pound cans.
2 cases Caustic Soda, 24 ten-pound cans.
1 case Caustic Potash, 12 twenty-pound cans.
6 pounds Blueing, Aniline K.
350 pounds Laundry Starch, Palmetto brand.
200 pounds Wheat starch, fifty-pound boxes.'
25 pounds Japan Wax. '
2000 pounds Sal Soda.
Dry Goods.
400 yards Bed Ticking, Amoskeag, A. C. A., 38
inches wide.
200 yards Crash, linen, 18 inches wide.
300 yards Denims, Pearl River Indigo Bine, 28
inches wide.
500 yards sheeting, Indian Head, 4-4 unbleached.
100 yards Pequor, 5-4 beached. '
300 yards Pequot, 7-4 bleached.
500 yards Pequot, 7-4 unbleached.
300 yards Muslin, I.onsdale, 36 inches wide.
200 yards Prints, 32 inches wide.
100 yards Ginghams, Amoskeag, staple, assorted
colors. <
2 dozen Corsets, large size.
6 dozen Corset Steels, vassagi
2 dozen Steel Thimbles, large sizes.
6 dozen Buttonhole Twist.
25 pounds Cotton Batting, medium.
60 pounds Darning Cotton.
6 dozen Bedspreads, white.
1 dozen Hair Brushes.
10 dozen Combs, dress.
6 dozen Combs, fine.
125 dozen Clark' sO. N. T. Spool Cotton, assorted
numbers and colors.
6 dozen Handkerchiefs, ladles'.
20 dozen Handkerchiefs, men's Turkey red, 24
Inches.
5 dozen Hairpin v K. & 8., assorted, No. 100.
:->5 dozen pair Ladies' Hose, gray mixed.
1000 dozen Needles. Mlllward's assorted sizes.
2 gross Pins. Wallace & Sons, No. F. S. CL, 3%.
20 cross Button-s, pants.
6 cross Buttons, born, coat and vest.
a 5 gross Buttons, airate. dress and shirt, No. 40.
Clothing.
103 dozen pair gray mixed cotton Socks.
10 dozen Overalls, duck, canton flannel lined, leg
30 to 3 I, waist '&•£ to 44.
8 dozen pair Suspenders, average and extra
lengths.
Brushes.
it dozen Hair Floor Brushes. '
2 dozen Counter Brushes.
0 dozen Scrub Brushes. "'U
1 dozen shoe Brushes. •'
8 dozen Combination Mop Handles.
Brooms.;'
16 dozen California Brooms. The Industrial
Home for the Adult Blind,' No. 1, Excelsior.
1 dozen Whisk Brooms, 3 strings.
Crockery and Glassware.
8 dozen Dinner Plates, 8-inch.
8 dozen Soup Plates. 8-inch, *%
3 dozen Vegetable Pishes, 9-inch.
1 dozen Platters, 12-inch.-;-* "v '
6 dozen Sauce Dishes, small. ■
12 dozen Cups and Saucers. . ■•,'•'
6 dozen Glass Tumblers. Vv
Tinware.
5 dozen Galvanized Iron Buckets. 3 gallons, No. '
24 iron. - y ....
'. 5 dozen Galvanized Iron? Chambers, BS4-lncb."
top. 7-inch bottom, 6V2 lncbjes high, No. 26 iron.
10 dozen Pint Tin Cups, X tin. :
1 dozen tin Coffee Pots. 3 gallons, XXX tin. .-
-1 dozen Tin Syrup Cans, 2 gallons, XX tin.
1 dozen Soup Cans. 3 gallons, XXX tin.
1 dozen Milk Cans, 3 gallons, XX tin.
Wood. .
200 cords%Pine Wood. Said wood shall not be
under 6 inches or over 10 Inches In thickness and
shall be strictly No. 1. £
Engine-Boom Coal. -
150 tons Engine- Room Coal. 2240 pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carloid lots and weighed oa
Asylum scales. ' -
Gas Coal.
100 tons Gas Coal, 2240 pounds to the ton. Bid-
ders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed on
Asylum scales.
Range Coal.
40 tons screened coal. 2240 , pounds to the
ton. Bidders specify kind and quality.
To be delivered in carload lots and weighed oa
: Asylum scales.
The above-named articles are all to be of ■ the
best qualities, subject to the approval of the
Medical Director, and to be ' delivered at the
Asylum at such times and In such quantities as be
may desire. And it is expressly understood that
11 a greater or. less quantity of any article than
1 above mentioned shall be required by the Medical
Director, the same shall, be furnished by the con-
tractor at the contract price. . .
'I he contracts will be awarded to the lowest
responsible bidder, and no bid will be received or
considered: unless uccorqpanled . by a certified
checK 111 en amount equal to 10 percent of the bid
or bids presented, which amount shall be forfeited
to 'he people of the State of California as settled,
fixed and liquidated damages in case the bidder to
whom the award of contract is made shall fall or
refuse to enter Into such contract and furnish such
bonds for the faithful performance of the same as
the Board of Trustees may require within .five
clays after such award. 3 Supplies only to be re-
ceived between Ba. m. and 4p. m. Separate bids
will be received for—
GROCERIES.
MACARONI AND VERMICELLI.
CANNED GOODS. "
DRIED FRUIT.
COFFEE, TEA, SPICES, ETC.
FKESH BE.-F, MUTTON, ETC.
ROLL BUTTER.
KKG BUTTER.
EGGS.
POTATOES.
HAMS, BACON, LARD AND PORK.
SALT FISH.
FRESH FISH.
SA LT.
FLOUR, GRAIN, ETC.
CHEWING TOBACCO.
SMOKING TOBACCO AND PIPES.
SOAP, LYE AND SODA. .
LAUNDRY SUPPLIES.
DRY GOODS.
CLOTHING. ' >.
BRUSHES.
BKOOMS.T«S§3HSSSBjft*(SS
CROCK AND GLASSWARE.'
TINWARE.
WOOD.
ENGINE-ROOM COAL.
GAS COAL. .
RANGE COAL.
The Board reserves the right of rejecting any or
all bids. ,-'■:"-..•-■■ .. .. ...
Payments to be made monthly, In cash, when
there is; money In the Treasury for such pav-
roents, and ! when there is no money In the
Treasury, payment to be made out of the fir«
money in the . Treasury applicable for that pur- :
pose. n. -.
Bids to be addressed to T. S. Montgomery, No. 33
East Santu Clara street. San Jose, Cal., Secretary
of the Board of Trustees of the State Insane Asy-
lum at Agnews, and Indorsed on envelope, "Propo- :
sals for furnishing supplies." Bidders will also
mark on envelope the cla>»s of supplies bid on.
Envelopes and blank bids may be obtained by ap-
ply Ing to the, Secretary. A. separate envelope kM
be reqitirt d for carh bid. v .-" -' -
Samples of articles, showing the charactff and
quality thereof required.- except such as are per-
ishable, may be - seen " at the storeroom of the
Asylum. ■ ■■ ... - ri 1
The attention of bidders Is called to the lowing
section from the Political ode of the Stat- 1
-Section 3235. "No supplies of any Kind or
character for the benefit of. the State or to be paid
by any moneys appropriated, or to be uppropr:-
ated. by the State, manufactured or grown in this
State, which are in whole or in part the product of
Mougolian labor, shall be purchased by tb« official*
for this State bavins control of any public institu-
tion i under the control, of , the State, or of say
county, city and county, city or town thfreof." j . -
In order to preserve, uniformity and facilitate
the award It has bee 1, resolved to "receive . no M>lb
unless made upon blank forms furnished by the
secretary. -■: - ,i: ■ >«- .
< Parties will please carry out the snm total for
each article and aid up the same, so that the gross
amount may' be seen at a glance; otherwise bid
will not be considered." - £
By order of the Board , of Trustees of the State
Insane Asylum at Agnewg. - ■*• ' 1 v
Dated .'an Jose, -March 6, 1896- I
■ s' T. S. MONTOOMEJtY, Secretary.. ,
. I No. 32 East Santa Clara street, > c an Jose, Cal.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA IJITTEKS, THIS
O great Mexican Remedy; gives Health ami
Strength to the Sexual Organ*
.■'./■": - - . ■■ --~ * ' '-'■ •■.-■-■■■-.'-.- ' . . 5KNOWN BY THEIR FRUITS
.
Major Ryan Compares the
Products of Protestantism
. - and Romanism.
POINTED ADVICE TO VOTERS.
: The Orator From Ohio Makes His
Last Address to the People
of This City.
Major T. C. Ryan's last appearance in
this City before a Good Citizenship meet
ing was greeted by a well-filled auditorium
at Metropolitan Temple yesterday after
noon.
Rev. Dr. Ray Palmer made the introduc
tory remarks, in the course of which he
said :
"The cause in which we are engaged is
immortal. The reasons are various and
strong why we should make our work a
permanent one. We recognize these rea
sons when we see this great country con
trolled by the Roman Catholic hierarchy.
"The American Protective Association
to-day, numbering almost 4,000,000 in
strength, stands around the altar of lib
erty and we pledge our honor and life to
protect the National flag from the machi
..; nations of aliens. We propose to make
= this Government the envy of both hemi
.: spheres. I know that the accomplishment
'•} of this work will be very painful to the
■' •Roman hierarchy, but it must De done."
".'• He then related the story of the man
: who went to the dentist to have along
. ailing molar extracted. He greatly feared
.:" the ordeal, and when he got into the chair
■ auu saw the dentist approaching with the
;'"• formidable looking forceps, he closed his
.'. mouth and absolutely refused to open it,
*• despite the persuasion and even force used
by the operator. The latter then con
:-;rred with his office boy to have the lad
• .stick a pin in the patient while the dentist
was endeavoring to open his mouth. This
plan was carried out, the mouth of the
/'.sufferer flew open, the forceps went in,
• 'gripped the acher and out it came, before
the victim knew what had happened.
Asked if he had suffered much the patient
I replied: "No, but I had no idea the root
ran down so far." [Laughter.]
Taking this as his text, the sneaker said:
"So it is with Romanism. Its roots 'run
further than we think, and there will be
considerable pain when we come to ex
tract it from the body politic of this coun
try." [Applause.]
The appearance of Major Ryan brought
out long and hearty applause. His sub
ject was, "Romanism and Protestantism;
Their Fruits Compared." He spoke as
follows:
"I hear some people say that the efforts
... c of the A. P. A. will soon be brought to
Bnaught.8 naught. Their efforts to stop the progress
ot the A. P. A. reminds me of the young
boy in my regiment who attempted to ;
tickle the hind leg of a mule, ana who
scon found himself some distance behind
the wagon to which the mule was attached.
, So tnese people who are trying to stop the
progress of the A. P. will find them
. selves so far in the rear that they will
, wonder how they got there."
He referred to the great growth and
' ' strength of the movement in the interior
towns of California, which he noted dur
ing his recent tour, and continued :
"One of the great tests of a nation or an
individual is the character of its fruits, so
we must judge also of the character of in
stitutions. . .-.
' "The influence of the Jesuits and their,
kindred organizations has always been
against good government, while the in
fluence of the American Protective Asso
ciation and other patriotic orders is for
•good government."
« Reference was made to the futile attempt
to have the American Protective Associa
tion investigated by Congress, and Major ;
■~, Ryan said he was sorry that the order had
not been asked to place its whole secret j
work before Congress. He added that he
hoped that the. order of Jesuits and its
offshoots would also be investigated.
In Philadelphia, he said, a branch of the
Y. M. C. A. had been organized in the
High School, and claimed that this was
= the introduction of Roman Catholic meth
■" ods among Protestants. "These methods,' i
'•■"he add«d, ''were being adopted by the i
'^Protestants, who were goinsr about apolo- !
"gizing for the Roman Catholics.
}.•'•' "Protestantism embrace* all kinds of 1
"religion. It is liberal and knows no big-!
otry. Our country is not a Protestant ;
• country, but the product of Protestantism, j
We will not go even beyond that. It not j
oniy tolerates all forms of religion, but it !
embraces civil liberty as well as religious
liberty. Did it not do so it would have
been just as well as if Luther had never
.lived.
-•'• The Declaration of Independence is not
a Protestant document; it is the product i
of Protestantism; of the idea which led to j
";:the, revolution against the Roman hier- j
archy.
= •%• ".There is a revolution coming in this
country, and I would have the young men
prepare for the shock of battle. We will j
not have to lift the black man out of
• ? slavery tnis time, but we will have to lift !
up the Roman Catholic to liberty.
. ■■ "The Declaration of Independence re- i
' °"'{cites that all men are free snd equal, but I
have here a Roman Catholic book that
teaches some are born to be slaves, while j
. others are born to be masters and leaders; i
out I am glad to say that our Bible teaches
. us also that all men are free and equal.
■ "You can't teach me that there is any j
'. man who is infallible. Yet we have been i
."„" told by a celebrated Catholic priest that !
the voice of Leo is the voice of God. j
' Catholics claim that they take their faith
\ and not their politics from Rome. Bat I ;
• : say if they take their faith from Rome
they tate their thoughts from Rome, and ,
■ '*. their thoughts control their politics.
■'"■•.. "We need another declaration of inde- |
■•■■•■pehdence, and if I had the power I would
make all immigrants who come here re-
" e nounce the power of th - Pope.
"During ail these years the Roman Cath
olic church has been trying to drive a dag
ger into the heart of our public school sys
■ < tern. It '.a true we do not produce any I
> John L. Sullivans or Paddy Ryansin those
i schools, but we do produce men. We now
float the American flag from our school
houses, and what we next want to do is to
put only those in the schools to teach our
cnildren who are loyal to our flag. If
there be truth in the report that some one
said things about the immoral character j
of our schools that person shoh-ld be forced
among -the Roman Catholics. We know
that yon think too much of your public j
schools to permit anything to enter them j
that "wouldinjure your children.
"In the city of Madison, Wis., a pa- j
rochial and public school adjoined one
another. The children played in the j
grounds of each indiscriminately and the J
best of feeling prevailed. But one day
there came a Jesuit ,to the city and on bis J
instructions a fence was put up to sep
arate the Catholic and the Protestant
pupils. The children as a consequence are
to-day so bitter, one against the other,
that they are murderous in. their hatred j
and go about seeKing each other's lives j
with rocks and clubs. This was the re- j
suit not of Protestantism, but of the pecu
liar methods of the Jesuits of the Roman j
Catholic church: .
'♦There is not a foot of soil in America j
that b ould be polluted . by . the foot of a
Jesuit- Your soil in California is the same
as that at Mount Vernon, and no Jesuit
should be allowed to set foot upon either.
All is made holy by the blood of those who i
have fought and died for the liberty which
Romanism eeems incapable of compre
hending . t> ;
•'Objection has been made to the A. P.
• A. oil account of its being largely made up
c
of Swedes. It has been my pleasure to
travel througb this Northwest country of j
yours, wh«re the Swedes and Danes have
settled in abundance, and there are no
people who make better citizens. The
trouble with the Koman church is that the
Scandinavians can read and write. If I
had my way I would invite sucn people as
the Scandinavians to come to this country
and would invite certain others to leave.
The Scandinavians do not spend their
m#ney for whisky, and they do not appear
in our police courts. The Scandinavian is
the product of Protestantism, .md the class
who usually nil our police courts is the
product of Roman ism.
"The Irish village at the World's Fair
to not a fair representation of the Irish
at home. It was simply a scheme of the
infamous priesthood of Rome to extort
money from the Irish of this country to
put into their own pockets.
'Miss M. T. Elder, an honest Catholic
and a niece of Archbishop Elder of Cincin
nati, in a paper read at the World's Fair
Congress, stated a truth that every metro
politan Protestant paper of note has re
printed, but which has never yet been
printed in a Catholic paper. In this paper
she said: 'My contention is that we have
no hold on tne agricultural masses.' Of
course they haven't. Their hold is on the
liquor traffic. Why. 84.7 per cent of all
the people engaged" in the liquor business
in this country are Romanists in good
standing.
"We have an orcanization in this coun
try—the W. C. T. U. I am in sympathy
with it, but it will never have its desire
| consummated if it makes an alliance with
I Romanism. Archbishop Corrigan says
that for hundreds of years the Roman
! Catholic church has been one ereat tern-
I perance organization." [Laughter.]
The speaker then claimed that in Dover.
jX. H. — a city in a prohibition State and
I with a population of l'J.OOO— there were 300
i saloons, and that 287 of them were in the
| hands of "Romanists." "If you expect to
curtail that business," he said, "you must
never form an alliance with Rome.
"I am in favor of universal suffrage and
■ always have been, but if the women form
ian alliance with Rome I am against
I woman suffrage. We must first kill Ro
i manism and then have woman suffrage.
'•This honest opinion of this young lady
; then went on to ask, 'Why is it that the
! greatest men of our Nation are not Catho
' lies? It i* because the best men are from
| the rural stock, and the rural stock is sub
| stantially Protestant.' She tnen advises
i the Catholics to stOD whining about secret
societies, and says further: 'The great men
, of this country are and will continue to be
Protestants.' Amen, say 1. She said fur
ther: 'I do not mean by this men of
: wealth, but men of brains" and influence.
; When I see the large hoodlum element
among the Catholics. I feel in no mood *o
I give faffy to them. When I see the num
! ber of Catholics iv the liquor traffic I can't
! talk buncombe.' "
Major Ryan then read two stories of
miracles from a Catholic book entitled
"Glories Of Man," which he said were read
; to classes of Catholic children. He termed
'■ them the veriest nonsense and said that it
■ was sach things that the A. P. A. sought I
to change. "We demand," he said, '"that
' our teachers shall be intelligent men and
i women. No wonder that the Junior
Order of American Mechanics of Pennsyl
vania asked that such teachers as those I
have described as reading absurd stories
to children should not be allowed to enter
the public schools. There should be such j
a law in every State of the Union. L Ap
plause 1 . We can stand many things, but
we can't stand such things as that.
'•In closing let me say, be loyal to the
cause of American patriotism. Let no
miserable politician get- you off the track j
you have taken. Don't have anything to j
do with any party that affiliates with the |
hierarchy of Rome. It may betbat out of
this movement may rise a party that will
be compose 1 of the best men of all parties.
"Strike down, I say, the party ttjat is
always catering to the worst elements. I
see by one of your papers that the Irish
the other day demanded representation
on a certain ticket. Why do not the Ger
mans or other nationalities demand such
a thing? Strike down this element. Kill
it. If you don't it will kill every cher
ished principle of our Government. I'ut
no man on your ticket who is not an
American — I mean native or adopted —
men who devote their life, time and brains
to the public good.
•Whether I shall ever see you again on
this Pacific coa^t I know not, but I shall
think of you. On your next election day I
shall probably be at Washington and I
will climb to the apex of the great monu
ment there tnat I may see the smoke of
battle go up above the field of victory won
by the A, P. A. of California."
COURSING AT OCEAN VIEW
Dublin Stout Won the Twenty-
Four Dog Stake From
Firenzi.
Tom Hayes Beat Lady Fitzgerald in a
Match Race— The Talent
at Fault.
Beautiful weather and a card full of first
class dogs combined to draw an unusually
large crowd of coursing men to Casserly
&; Kerrigan's Ocean View Park yesterday
and the quality of the sport fully justified
the expectations of the leashmen.
In the main the hares were flyers and
gave the nounds hard runs to catch them,
many leading the way to the escapes and
going free into the paddocks. The judg
ment of the talent was far from good in
some of the races, notably the final of the
twenty-four dog stake when Firenzi, after
beating Foxhall, Tricks, San Joaquin and
Happy Jack, went down before Dublin
Stout while selling a3 to 1 favorite. Fol
lowing is the result of the run down :
B. C. Lucy's Firenzi beat D. Burfiend's
Tricks, J. T. Hannon's Foxhall beat L. Lisher's
Dairy Maid, C. Griswold's . y an Joaquin beat
Villa* kennel's Eiectric, W. p. Murphy's Lord
Clifton beat Liberty kennel's Royal Stag, D.
Tweedie's White Ruitic a bye. J. Baxter's
Yankee Doodle beat F. Litter's Abbey Lass, F.
C Randolph's Happy Jack beat w. Ryan's
Sculptress, W. L. Trade's Lucky Dog beat M.
O'Hare's Midget. D. Lehman's Nellie C beat C.
Coup's California Violet, Vici kennel's Fond
Hope beat T. Neenan's Pop Larkiu, D. Twee
die's Dublin Stout beat D. Leonards Will-o'
the-Wisp.
First ties— Firenzi beat Foxhall, San Joa
quin beat Lord Clifton, White Rustic beat
Yankee Doodle, Happy Jack beat Lucky Dog,
Nellie C a bye, Dublin Stout beat Fond Hope.
Second ties — Firenzi beat San Joaquin,
Happy Jack beat White Rustic, Dublin Stout
beat S'ellie C.
Third ties— Firenzi beat Happy Jack, Dublin
Stout a bye.
Final— Dublin Stout beat Firenzi.
Prizes— Dublin Stout $20, Firenzi $10, Happy
Jack $6.
Judge Ed. Canavan, Slipper John Cranston.
A few match races followed the regular
stake, the most notable being between
Lady Fitzgerald and Tom Hayes, the lat
ter winning handily.
On Sunday next a twenty-four dog stake
at $1 50 entrance will be run. The draw
ing will take place at 915 Market street on
Thursday evening next.
FIVE HUNDRED CONFIRMED.
Archbishop Kiorii.in Administered Con
firmation at St. Brendan's Church.
The united parishes of St. Rose and
St. Brendan held confirmation services at
:be latter church yesterday afternoon.
Archbishop itiordan administered the sac
rament, assisted by Monsignor Nugent
md Father Mullman.
Over rive hundred boys and girls were
;onfirraed aud neariy alf the boys took the
Pledge of the League of the Cross.
The Archbishop, before administering
he sacred rite, addressed the children on
he sacrament. The church was crowded
:o the doors and many were turned away,
jnable to find room inside.
Awful good Mitchell's Magic Lotion is for
pain or ii you get hurt or have sore throat. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
REALTY MARKET REVIEW
Possibility of Lower Rates of
Interest on Bank
Loans.
INFLUENCE OF LOWER TAXES.
Large List of Offerings at Auction
This Week— The Record of
the Week.
The probability that there will be a re
duction in taxes this yearof aboutone-balf
per cent, combined with decreased insur
ance rates, will undoubtedly have some
considerable effect on the real estate mar
ket. A prominent broker, interviewed on
this subject last week, said : "The present
ruling rate at the savings banks for good
loans is 6} 5 ' per cent. A reduction of one
half per cent in taxes would inevitably
cause a reduction in the interest rate on
loans of a like amount. This would, in
turn, make it necessary for the banks to
reduce the rate of interest paid on de
posits, in which case many depositors
would be very likely to invest their money
in real estate promising an assured
Handsome New Armory of Company F That Was Recently Completed.
income of 5} 2 to 6 per cent, rather than to
accept the low rate that the banks would
be compelled to offer.
"This is one of a number of indications
that point to the creation of a good demand
in the near future for investment proper
ties. Even now there is a noticeable in
crease in the inquiries for small flats, medium
business properties, etc., that are yielding a
fair rate ot interest on the investment."
No matter what diverse opinions are enter
tained regarding the present condition of the
market, it cannot be denied that now is the
most favorable time seen here for years in
which to make purchases for investment pur- .
Values will never be lower, and in the i
course of a reasonably short time a turn in the
market is bound to come and prices generally j
will take an upward turn. The present market j
is not one that suits the speculator.
He is one who wants to buy to-day and sell j
to-morrow at a handsome advance, but as a ;
rule no matter how successful he may be in :
his operations the value of his estate when he |
dies aoes not compare with that of the shrewd j
real-estate investor. The striking instances 1
of the wisdom of the latter' 3 policy can be seen I
in any large city of the Union. The Astor es- ]
tate. one of the'iargest in New York City, is !
made up principally of real-estate holdings, '
the result of many years' careful buying. In
this City tnere are mauy similar cases, al
though on a smaller scale, among some of the
notable ones being the Fair, Parrott, Luning,
Hobart and other estates as well as numerous
individuals.
An abiding faith in San Francisco's future
growth and greatuess is what prompts and
has prompted these extensive investments in
real estate, and it will be noticed that such
estates will constantly enhance in value each
year. The days for 10 per cent per annum in
vestments, either in real estate or other lines
of securities, are over and the sooner that in
tending investors become reconciled to the
acceptance of an average net return of from
o'itoSper cent the sooner will come about
that steady volume of business in the realty
market that is the accompaniment of the
prosperous and progressive days of ail well
settled and growing cities.
Last week the principal business done was In
the auction rooms, although a number of
other sales were made privately. This week
promises considerable activity. Three differ
ent auction sales are to be held, and the In
quiry about the various properties to be of
fered, as well as the demand for catalogues, in
dicates a good attendance and possibly consid
erable competition in bidding in some in
stances.
REVIEW OF THE RECORDS.
There were ninety-two mortgages recorded
last week, aggregating .«296,237. TUe princi
pal ones were :
By the Security Savings Bank for three years at
7 per cent, 815,000, on property at the northwest
corner of Post and Powell streets, 25x60: by the ;
German Havings and Loan Society for one year at :
6i 3 per cent, $16,000. on property on the east side ;
of Howard street, 50 feet north of Eighteenth 75x j
122:6, and on property on the west side of shot- I
well street, 1-5 feet «orth of Elgh eenth, 25x I
122:6: by the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society !
for one year st 6 l -o per cent, 910,000, on property
on the southwest corner of Mission and Sixteenth
streets, 100x100; by Thomas Magee for three !
years at 6 per cent, 826,000, on the undivided one
half of property on the southeast 1 ne of Folsom j
street, 167:6 feet northeast of Third, 25x100, and ]
on the undivided one-half of property on the i
corner of Clay and East streets. 117:6: 'by i
the Hibernia Savings and Loan Society for one !
year at CVi per cent, $11,000 on property on the I
sonthwest corner of .Fourth and Howard streets, j
30x35; by the Mutual Savings Bank for two years I
at 7 per cent, 15.000 on property on the south j
line of Stevenson street, 176 feet west of Seventh, I
165x75: by the Hibernia Savings and Loan So- I
ciety for one year at 6V2 per cent, 927,500 on j
property on the south line of Broadway, 127:6
east or Gough street, 31x137:3%, and on property |
on the north line of Sutter street, 167:3 west, of
Van Ness avenue, 57:6x120, and by the same for
one year at 6Va c*e * cent, $11,1)00 on property at
the southeast corner of Army and Kansas streets,
433x200.
The releases granted last week numbered
forty-five, aggregating $96,996.
There were 127 transfers recorded last week.
Twenty-three building contracts, the par
ticulars of which are published each day in The
Call, were filed last week, the aggregate being
: $102,513.
AUCTION SALES.
To-day G. H. T'mbsen & Co. will offer at auc
tion a miscellaneous list of properties, as fol
lows:
The northwest line of Brannan street, 80 feet I
southwest of . Fourth, and the premises 206 !
Twenty-fourth street,, which will be sold by order !
of the Probate Court, and the following pieces by I
order of individuals: 129-131 Page street ' and i
136-136 V& Kose avenu«; 3980-3982 Eighteenth j
street: south line of Clinton Park, 130 feet east of i
Dolores street: 1519 Turk street; northeast cor - i
m*r Pine and Polk streets: North Bush street, '
137:6 feet west of Laguna,; 11-1 8a and 13b- ;
Polk street; 1034 Fair Oaks street; 918-920 PO3: i
street: west line of Sanchez street, 26:6 feet north
ot Elizabeth; 343-345 Fremont street: 8-10 Tre- i
mont avenue; 1009 Green street: south line of '
Klizab;th street, 125 feet east of Douglass; 410 ;
Duncan street. .
To-morrow (Tuesday) Eastern, Eldridge & Co.
will hold an auction sale, at which a choice list
of properties will be offered. The catalogue is
as follows:
A part Of the orieina! ITorace Hawes estate,
namely, the lot 100x185 tV*T, on the south
corner of Ninth and Howard streets, , <overed oy
live stores, five French flats and six residences,
and a lot 41 :4xl00 feet, with four French flats, on
the north line of Howard street and the south cor
ner of Caroline street. Other offerings will be the
residence on the «outti°a=t cormr of O'Farrell and
Oouijh streets, lot 60x137 rti: the southeast corner
of Capp and Adair streets, lot 25x75 feet: the res
idence 2029 Vallejo street, east of Buchanan; two
French flats at 3116 and 3118 Washing; on street,
west of Baker: the southwest corner ot Castro ami
Twen y-flfth streets, and a lot and improved prop
erty in F-Huluma.
On Thursday of this week O'Farrell <fc Co.
will offer at auction some choice residence
property, beside a line of speculative and in
vestment properties. The list includes:
Property on Turk street, near Van Ness avenne;
lota on Scott and Grove streets, opposite Alamo
Square : a lot on Pace st reel, near Laguna: .Ever
ett wjJ teanchez streets property »t executor's
sale: a residence on Fulton street, east of Devisa
dero; the residence on the northwest corner of
Sinter and Baker streets: -two lots on Diamond
street, south of Eighteenth; a cottage on Sacra
mento street, west of Devisadero. and building
lots on Twenty-first street west of Church. - •
H. E. Coffey, manager of the real estate depart
ment of the lirui, will act as auctioneer. ■:
The catalogues for the auction sale of the
McCreery block, to be held in. the salesroom of
Baldwin & Hammond, on Thursday, April 16,
will be ready early this wook and will be
mailed on application. The block is bounded
by Baker, McAllister and Lyon streets and
Golden Gate avenue. Full width stone walks
have been laid around the entire block and
side sewers, water and gas service have been
paid to each 25-foot lot on Baker and McAllis
ter streets. The terms of the sale are one-quar
ter cash, balance in one, two and ti-ree years.
MISCELLANEOUS NOTES.
In addition to the auction sale held last week
by Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., at which they
sold over $200,000 worth of proper ty, they
effected the following sales:
A cottaze and lot 25x87:6 feet, 905 Fillmbre
street, near McAllister, for $6000; Lot 15x120
feet on Ninth avenue, near J street. Two lots on
Tenth avenue , near Clemeut, for 8900 each. Lot
30:6x120 feet on Tenth avenue, near Clement,
JIOOO. Three lots on Eleventh; avenue, near
Clement, $900 each. They have also succeeded in
selling to Irving M- Scott the entire frontage on
! the west side of Lacuna street, between Washing
i ton and Jackson, consisting of two 60 vara lots.
The sellf r was J. B. Kandol and the consideration
! was $100,000. It Is said that Mr. Scott contem
plates the erection on th« premises in the near
; future of a handsome residence for himself and
j will probably build in connection with the same a
picture gallery in which to hang his splendid col
lection of paintings and works of art.
Bovee, Toy & SonnUg have, within the past
six weeks, sold nearly $150,000 worth of
I country property, and they report an un
' usually large inquiry for choice lands in the
country at reasonable prices. Among the
sales in this line made by the firm are 153
acres more of the McMahan estate in northern
Solano County, for which they obtained
$14,400- a 47-acre prune orchard near San
Jose for $20,000 and a 14,000-ecre stocK. rancn
near Winnemucca, Nev., for $44,000.
Mrs. Clara L. Cunningham is about to erect
on the south side of Pine street, between Tow-
ell and Mason, on a fifty-vara lot a very hand
some flat building that will cost $40,<X)0.
lITho MangeJs estate is about to erect on Mar
ket, 139 feet southwest of -Van Ness avenue, a
handsome three story and basement brick
building that will cost in the neighborhood of
.*~>n,<x>o. It will have a frontage of 81:4 M
feet. There will be three stores on the ground
floor and the upper stories will be used as an
apartment house.
A GREAT ST, BERNARD
Berna Is Young Yet, but Stands
Thirty-Three Inches Above
;.;. Ground. ,-.
E. P. Scheel, the Owner, Will Exhibit
Her in Los Angeles, Oakland
and Seattle. ;
E. P. Scheel, who lives at the corner of
Clay and Walnut streets, is the lucky pos
sessor of the largest female St. Bernard in
i the country. At least, so that gentleman
claims. . - -' r
Mr. Scheel, being a man of means, is
enabled to indulge his fad to the utter
most and has a large number ol dogs of
various breeds, many of them being well
known to the local sportsmen. Among
them are Lady Delight, the mother, and
Lady Gladys, the grandmother of the dog
in question. But the pride of the gentle
man's kennel is Berna, the St. Bernard he
thinks will take all the prizes at the com
ing dog shows for which she will be en
tered. '
Berna is but 18 months old and far from
the stopping point in growth and develop
ment, yet she has already attained a
height of 33 inches. This is just one
inch taller than Princess Florence, the
celebrated Eastern dog which has carried
off all the prizes heretofore. Her bones
and skull are larger than Princess Flo
rence's and she ha? a greater girth round
the loins. Princess Florence's wei ht is
180 pounds, that of Berna but 165; yet it
seems certain that with this superiority in
iramework and her youth taken into con-
tcrma, the Largest Female St. Bernard Dog in the Country. She Is Only Eighteen
Months Old, but Stands Thirty-Three Inches High.
sideration it is only a matter of weeks un
til she passes the coal.
All the distinguishing characteristics of
the St. Bernard are exemplified in her
case — white feet and breast, white nose
band and blaze with dark snadings, and
tail tipped with wnite.
The intention of Mr. Scheel is to enter
her for prizes In the dog shows in Los
I Angeles in April and in Oakland ana Se
attle in May. This explains his refusal to
give any information in regard to the ani
mal. It is said that he has refused to tell
his nearest friends whether or not he will
exhibit her at the coining dogshow in this
City.
An Expensive Souffle.
E. Benson, a Third-street saloon-keeper,
indulged in a friendly scuffle with a man
[ named William Cronnin early yesterday
morning, and after Cronnin had left he
j discovered he had been relieved of a purse
containing $235. He reported the matter
1 at the Southern police station.
LONG-DISTANCE CASTING.
Anglers Display Their Skill With
Rod and Line on Stow Lake
in the Park.
THE SUTBO BATHS CROWDED.
New Target for Anglers— Attractions
at the Museum — A Balloon
Goes Up in Smoke.
The western hank of Stow Lake in
Golden Gate Park was lined from 9 o'clock
yesterday morning until noon by anglers,
who practiced casting flies so as to put
themselves in trim for the sport of trout
tishing when the season opens in a few
days.
There were a number who are recognized
as experts at long-distance casting, and
many who would be willing to consider
themselves such. The casting that was re
corded by W. A. L. Miller and Horace
Smy the, the judges, was north of a small
wharf, while south of it were a number of
buoys for the use of those who were not
entered with the "cracks." These were
active and made many good casts, showing
considerable proficiency with rod, line and
reel.
Thoss who were casting for a record
showed much ability in handling the trout
bait, and the following is the score: Mans
field, 77; Allen, 73; Golcher. 64; Kline,67;
Yount:, 77; Saunders, 55; Peterson, t>4, and
Haight, 72.
In an unofficial contest at 35 feet Finch
scored 91 and Crowell 75: at 45 feet Crow
ell scored 95 and Finch ?9.
For the first time a new target was put
in operation. It is the invention of W. A.
L. Miller, and consists of a ball buoy
which may be sunk at an y desired dis
tance. Affixed to this by four wires is a
rattan ring twenty-four inches in diam
eter, and ten inches outside of that is an
other rattan ring forty-three inches in
diameter. This is attached to the inner
ring and is held up by a number of corks.
Tnis target is sunk to a certain depth, so
that when the fly reaches it it will not be
come entangled in the rattan. The idea
of this target is to enable the judges to de
termine with more accuracy the points
made. If the fly strikes within the outer
circle it counts 9 and within the inner one
it scores 10. Both rings when under the
water are plainly visible to tne judges.
Arrangements are being made to nave
future long-distance casting tournaments
in the large tank of the Sutro baths.
During the afternoon the park was
crowded with people, the tine weather
having drawn them out. There was a
large turnout of vehicles, while cyclers
were out in full force. "It is a noticeable
fact," said one of the park officers, "that
while there Is a very large number of
cyclers in the park to-day, about 90 per
cent of the riders are new ones. It has
The Casting Target.
been so for six weeks. This is accounted
for by the fact that the new ones are the
contingent of '96, which is very larse, and
that the old riders will turn out in full
force in a few weeks. Aside from this, a
large number of the old riders are now go
ing out on the country roads for long
runs."
There were quite a number of contribu
tions to tlie park mnseuni last week. J. A.
Heifer presented 143 coins. Specimens of
coral were donated by Leong Lam, the
first Chinese contributor. Laru had charge
of the Chinese exhibit at the Midwinter
Fair. Dr. T. R. Grindley presented an
old-time porcelain plate. George W.
"Williams presented an old-time revolver,
of the Adams pattern. Mrs. Blanco Paul
son, sister of i. W. Dohrmann, presented a
piece of cancer wood, a very tine specimen.
Mr. Bardnell has added a number of inter
esting and curious articles to his collection.
Captain Thomson of the Park police has
in his possession a fine fur cape that was
found in the park a week ago.
The Sutro hne was well patronized yes
terday, every car being packed with peo
pie bound for the western shore. The com
pany is having new cars built to accommo
date the traffic.
The Sutro baths were crowded all day,
and at one time there were more than 300
bathers in the tanks. Tne entertainment
consisted of swimming races, athletic per
formances and instrumental music.
The balloon at the Haight-street grounds
that was to have carried up Emil Marke
berg went tip — in smoke — the sphere hav
ing caught tire in the progress of inflation.
AN AGED CRIMINAL.
Captured While .Endeavoring to Com
mit a Midday Burglary.
AI ex Thomas, a man TO years of age,
was detected yesterday at noon by the
watchman of the Golden Gate lumber
yard in the act of burglarizing the office of
that company. The watchman waited
until the elderly malefactor had got well
within tbe building, when he placed him
under arrest. At the California-street Sta
tion he was relieved of a brace and bit,
two files and a candle, showing the old
, man had contemplated a series of crimes. ,
SEW TO-PAT. l . .
Delft Furniture
•a* Furniture of ye olden tyme*
•£• Ye most novel and ye most
unique designs of ye present year.
«3* Ye frames of ye chairs and
rockers are made of harde wood,
and covered with a co'atyng^ of
snowy-whiteness,
•s* Ye place for sittynge down in
ye chairs, and ye backs and arms,
are made beautiful with hande-
paintyngs of ye finest scrte.
J> There are different degrees of
ye Delft furniture — some of ye
chairs and ye rockers are with
rush bottoms— ye most comforta-
ble and well-wearynge seatinge
we know of.
& Ye centre window is full of ye
Delft furniture, and ye will find it
a most pleasureful sight to gaze
upon.
Carpets . Rugs . Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole & Co.)
117-123 Geary Street.
i There are other scouring *j
i soaps than "Sapolio"; and $
i- there are other chocolates *
S than *j
I Ghirardelli's j
1 Ground j
? Chocolate; 5
C . ' .3
? But don't you want the j
v .best— and don't you know
t there's nothing, "just as i
t good" as the best? :.■ J
i 'Made in .an instant; i
i very rich and nourishing; i
i deliriously sweetened and i
I flavored. i
I Remember !
I Ghirardelli's \
5 or you will he disappointed 1
/i All Grocers. Accept no substitute, >
FA//. Oq
JmSk-
DOCTOR SWEANY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SCCCESSFULLY TKEAT3 ALL CHRONIC
O diseases of the head, throat, lnnes. heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rapture, piles,
vartcocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfnlness, failing memory and ail the distress-
ing Ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an i permanently cured. Gonorrhoea. Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured. " —
WRITE your troubles if living away from ta«
city and advice will be given you free of charga.
Address F. L. SWKAN Y. M. D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
. San Francisco. Cat
S ROYALTY couldn t ride a 5
\ more perfect wheel than the 5
jMONARCHj
A It's the Zing: of Bicycles. Royal #
\ln every line and feature^—jl^^ m :
5 < modeli. |80»ndr.OO, fully /yrsjJHy^Wl#
it gu»r»nt««d. For children JrjH HL^K
\ »od adulta who want a &L <flflfl
9 lower price wheel the ILai Bfc^lk
\ DeOance is made in 8 M-~Mm Wk^m
it mod-1«.f40.5j0 ?60.5T3. EjSBBB|n —
\ Send far ilonarch book. IiIjB^^EBKHB ■
\ Monarch Cycle Mfg.Co.f^jjfll WXfS^JS
9 ' X and i Front St., m|
O ■ San Fraartwo.
Ig£oB* MANHOOD RESTORED-"'""?
ym <&*& Km 55? d, tlonof a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner-
v\\ s\ / \*± "/ \T 10123I 0123 or diseases of the generative organg, such as Lost Manhood,
S, /»/ \i -4*wJ ■•*'■ Insomnia v l*ains In the Back, Seminal Emissions, Nervous Debility,
1 £sHL T *&*& Fimpie3, Unfitness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varieorele and
.V^ W V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night. Prevents quick-
V ~ -N^x > V^^ f ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
armor •yi>irrra all the horrors of Impotency. CTPIDEHE cleanses the liver, U24
, BtfUMt and Mr 1 c. n kldneysandthenrtnaryorgansofaUimparities.
1 CVPIDENE strengthens and restores small weak organs.
The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors 13 because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatatltf CCPIDENE is the only known remedy to core without an op*- ration. 5000 testimony
als.- A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxen does not effect a permanent ear* -
fXOO a box, six fur |5. 00, by mail. Send for fkek circular and testimonials. -
'■"; Address DAVOIi'MEDICrSECO., 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
: * :..■.■•..-;.' ;-. ' BROOKS' PHAKMACV, 119 Powell street.
"USE THE MEANS AND HEAVEN WILL GIVE
YOU THE BLESSING." NEVER NEGLECT
LA USEFUL ARTICLE LIKE
SAPOLIO
NEW TO-DAT. •
TUESDAY..... ....MARCH 31, 1893
At 13 O'CLOCK NOOSf,
At 638 Market Street, Opp. Palace Hotel.
■
: Business dllll Btsieme Property.
A Portion of the Original
HORACE HAWES ESTATE.
■ ■ * ■ ■■ ■ .- . ■
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
I Ninth and Howard Streets.
Large and eipsar.t piece of business property oa
the southerly corner of Xinth and Howard sts.,
comprising XiV) C "'Or! E-S and FIVE FRENCH
FLATS on Ninth : M SIX RESIDENCES oa
I Howard st. Tin , ,• .nificent piece of business
| property has a future outlook that cannot be ex-
celled in the city. .Much st. is the coming: promi-
nent south of Market st. business street. The size
j of this large and valuable lot. 100 feet on Ninth by-"
| 185 feet on Howard St., cornering on Caroline St.,
! is one of the largest pieces of property now intact;
in this city, and a prominent corner to improve
! with fln»- stores, grand hall, theater and French
i tenements— improved in this manner would make
it the best paying property in the city. Capitalists
and speculators should examine this Full rent*,
»128 per month. Cable and electric lines surround
the property. Streets in basalt rock and accepted
by the city. Corner lot, 100x185 feet.
ALSO— Belonging to the same estate, southeast
i line of Howard. U25 feet southwest of Ninth street,
i and southerly corner of Howard and Caroline
streets. This valuable corner contains four French;
flats. Full rentp, $88 per month. This is a
property to Improve with store below, which would
rent readily. Howard-street electric, Ninth ami
Tenth street cable. - Central location. Large lot,
41:4x100 feet. Terms, on both pieces, one-half
j cash, balance In one and two years; interest 7 per
{ cent per annum.
REFEREE'S SALE.
THE MAGNIFICENT
MANSIOIV,
Southeast Corner of O'Farrell and
Gough Streets,
; And lot 60x137 :6 feet, with an I. on southeast cor-
I ncr 30x3-l:-lV2 feet. The subdivisions of this man- ■
1 sion comprise saloon parlors, reception anddinin;
j rooms and large hall, which open together, making
one grand room of the entire floor; kitchen, but-
ler's and other pantries, servants', rooms, etc., on
; first floor annex; five large bedrooms, dresslns-
I roomr, bathrooms, toilets, etc., on second floor;
; space for three large rooms in attic; storerooms,
! coalroom, wineroom and laundry in basement:
j basement c*mented: large, handsome grounds;
streets bituminized ami basalt rock: front walic
! cement stone; surroundings cannot be excelled;
neighbors are of the first-class order; car accom«
modations ■ not excelled, 'itrms— ]ti .per
! cent at time of sale, balance upon confirmation by '
: Superior Court: deed at expense of purchaser;
I tax s for fiscal year 1896-97 to be paid by pur.
! ohaser. N. B.— To examine this property plea« 9
! obtain card from the auctioneers.
Elegant Investment— Mission.
' Southeast corner of Capp and Adair sts., neat
Sixteenth,' Howard and Mission. This handsome
oay-windowed modern -property consists of store
! and three French flats of seven, six and four rooms
1 and bath; electric appliances, . etc. ; rent 991*. pec
! month: basalt blocks in street: cement stone
i walks; electric and cable cars; corner lot, 25x75
I feet. :';-■;.
I
Elegant Residence— Pacific Heights.
.South side (No. 20'J9)'of Vallejo, 137:6 feet ea«S
of Buchanan st. eight rooms and bath: basement
! and attic: electric appliances: gas fixtures; grand
: marine view; Paciflc-ave. cable; large lot, 2T:'6x
j 137:6 feet. ■ ;i.vr .
i Pacific Heights — Investment Property,
North line (Hot. 3116 and 3118) of Washington,
106:3 west of Baker St.; comprises (No. 3116) two
handsome French flats, the upper one -of eight
rooms, bath and attic, lower flat four rooms and
i bath; (No. 3118) an elegant dwelling of ten rooms
j and bath; tinted walls and moiern improvement
throughout the property; architecture artistically
designed; cement stone walk: street in bituminous
rock: Sacramento and Jackson st. cables; lot 50i
V27-.S-A leer.
Castro Heights— Corner Easiness lot.
Southwest corner of Castro and Twenty-fifth sta.
Commands a fine view and is advantageously lot
cated lor business; Caslro-st. cable; lot 25x80 feet.
Grand Property in the City of Petaluma,
the Metropolis of Sonoma County.
Southeast corner of Washington and Keller st*.
Comprises the Brooklyn Hotel of 41 rooms; threa
cottages of seven rooms each and basement: large
stable, carriage and other buildings; is In the cen.
tral part of this thriving city and is sold to close; it
] can be made a large-paying investment; look at
the size of this corner; lot 100x179 feet to an alley,
• For catalogue, terms, etc., inquire of
EASTO>*, ELDKIDGE & CO.,
i 638 Market st. ' Auctioneers.
FOR
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOE POKEIM
THE TAILOR,
PANTS made to enter from $4.00
SUITS mads to order from 315.00 -i
MY $17.50 and $35 SUITS
.ARC THE BEST IN THE STATC
201 and 293 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
- 724 Market St. 1110 1112 Market St.
I SAN FRANCISCO.
THESUCCESS^F THE SEASOS
THE LADIES GRILL ROOM
OK THE—
PALACE HOTEL.
! DIRECT ENTRANCE - FROM MARKET ST.
■~*; OPEN USTII, MIDNIGHT.
910
WEEKLY FRATERNAL ITEMS
The Royal Arcanum's Reception
to Prominent Members of
the Order.
THE DAUGHTERS OF LIBERTY.
An Unauthorized Chain Letter— Doings
of the Independent Foresters.
New Organizations.
Official Assessment Table.!
Name.
- =
* -
5 p
c A
c o,
I
o
Q
I
gl
A.O. U.W..:: i 8-9-10 April it April 38
K. i 1.. « X | 434-35 Mar. 1 Mar. 31
■K. t 1.. of II I 436 April 1 April 30
American 1.. of H.. 363 Mar. 1 Mar. 31
Chosen Friends.... 258! Mar. 15 April 15
Royal Arcanum.. . 224 Mar. 'i April 2
Boval Arcanum.... 225 1 Mar. 16 April 16
K. ol Honor 464 65-66 April 1 April 30
Guarantee Fund... 4! April 1 1 April '28
Knig'tGold'nKagle 120-1-2. Mar. 1, April 1
Order Eastern Star.
Pasadena Chapter of Los Angeles, of which
Mrs. Carrie L. Peaslee, the worthy grand mat
ron, is a member, gave an entertainment last
Friday which was largely attended. .A number
of visiting sisters were entertained.
The entertainment to be given by Golden
Gate Chapter on the 10th of April will consist
of living pictorial representations.
Beulah Chapter gave a pleasant entertain
ment in Masonic Hall, South San Francisco,
last Saturday night.
Grand Patron Merritt visited Hanford and
Lemoore last week. Ho also visited Silver Star
Chapter at Vallejo and Laurel Chapter at St.
Helena.
Next Thursday Deputy District Grand Mat
ron Mrs. Emma Malgrea will visit Oakland.
A new chapter will be organized between the
18th and 25th of April at Wadsworth, Nev.
Independent Order Odd Fellows.
Pacific Lodge will celebrate its twenty-ninth an
niversary on the "-M of April by a literary enter
tainment and a dance in Odd Fellows' Hall.
The Odd Fellows of Los Angeles are making
active preparations for an entertainment during
La Fiesta week.
Coulterville Lodge recently paid a fraternal visit
to Willow Lodge, at Snelllni?, and the visitors were
entertained by the members of the lodge and the
Bebekahs in grand style, the party not breaking
up until 5 o'clock in the morning.
A. EH wood. P. G. M., of Illinois is visiting in Los
Angeles.
The special Grand Lodge session at Sacramento
was a great success.
It has been decided that lodges cannot change
the date of meeting without the sanction of the
committee on by-laws.
some one has been starting a number of "chain
letters" for the purpose of paying the debt thai
there is on Odd Fellows' Hall at Seattle. This pro
ceeding is not authorized nor sanctioned by the
head of the order.
The library committee has received much en
couragement from the lodges. Quite a number
of them will contribute $ 1 per member a year
while others are forming club* of members who
will contribute to support the library. The com
mittee will bold another meeting on April 11.
A new camp at Ukiah and one at Santa Monica
is the latest in the line of the Patriarchs.
The Snellinjr and Merced lodges gave a ball at
Antioch on the 24 r .h inst.-
The following is a list of the visitations by the
Grand Master: Elmhurst, April 2: Scandla
Lodge. San Jose. 3: Stockton District meeting at
Stockton, 4; Observatory, San Jose, 9: Madison
and Capn at Capay, 10; VacaviUe, 11; Allemenia,
San Jose. 13: Kideley, Los Gatos. 14; Napa, 16;
Josephine, San Jose, 18; Clara, Santa Clara, 20;
Presidio, San Francisco, 23; San Francisco Lodge,
24; Franco-Italia, San Jose. 30; Garden City. San
Jose, May 1. During the afternoon of the dates
following he will visit the Kebekah lodges: Vaca
ville. April 11; Hesperian, Los Gatos, 14: Ivy,
Napa, 16.
Last Thursday evening Yerha Buena Lodge
elected the following-named past errands as repre
sentatives to the Grand Lodpe to be held in May:
L. L. Alexander, M. S. G. Clifford, Davis Louder
back, R. Lloyd, F. J. Smithson, Charles A. Wis
well and Frank D. Worthy
Ancient Order United Workmen.
Among the matters of general Interest that are
to be discussed at the coming session of the Grand
Lodge will be a proposition to have the Grand
Lodge meet biennially; $1000 certificates and
graded assessments.
Grand Recorder Hirshberg returned from Meade
vilie last Friday.
Frand. S. Poland, deputy grand master work
man, will visit Oak Leaf Lodge. Oakland, this
evening, on which occasion the screenwork will be .
exemplified, H. Button, past master workman,
delivering the lectures. The uniformed drill team
of Pacific Lodge will assist In conferring the de
grees on two candidates, according to the new
ritual.
The same team will, on the 7th of April, give the
•work under the auspices of Unity Lodge in Odd
Fellows' Hall in this City in the presence of the
representatives to itie Grand Lodge that will then
be. in session. The team is made up of the follow
ing named: Captain, J. M. Ward; master work
man, F. S. Poland: foreman, E. J. Fennon; over
seer, J. S. Gilmore; past master. A. It. McKowau:
guide, C. R. Hasswell; assistant guides. Dr.
Mayon, A. Marsch, O. J. Perry, B. Bezvers, E. C.
Bridgman, EL G. Donovan, J. D. Hams and Mr.
. Bothomel.
. At a recent meeting W. H. Jordan, P. S. M. W.,
repeated his very interesting lecture on the "Land
of the Incas." which was listened to with marked
attention by those who heard it.
Last Tuesday evening E. W. Marston, P. M. W.,
lectured before Fairmount Lodge,
Invitations have been issued for the eighteenth
anniversary of Valley Lodge on the 29th of April.
There will be three assessments for the month
Of April.
The Mogullians are making arrangements fora
grand initiation during the session of the grand
lodge.
Degree of Honor.
The local lodges, Degree of Honor, of this City
and Alameda have nearly perfected their plans for
' the reception to and entertainment of the grand
lodge on the evening of the nth of next month.
This event will take place in Laurel Hall, Shiels
bunding. Mrs. J. M. Stewart is chairwoman of
the committee of arrangements.
Silver Spray Lodge will confer the degree on four
members at Its meeting next Wednesday. Nearly
all the members of this lodge have taken an inter
est in the beneficiary teature and have applied for
certificates.-
Workmen's Guarantee Fund.
Secretary. Poland announces that there will be
one assessment for the month of April and re
ports that he has received a number of applica
tions.
Improved Order of Red Men.
C. F. McGiashan, writing from Truckee, states
that there is much enthusiasm in regard to the
order in his district and predicts that Tahoe Tribe,
recently instituted, will be one of those of first
rank in Truckee.
The great chiefs will Institute' a new tribe at
Woodland on Saturday next with a charter roll of
about forty members. The Sacramento tribes will
send delegates and an adoption and degree team.
Modoc" Tribe will give an "at home" on Thurs
day evening next to the lady friends and to the
families of the members.
Montezuma Tribe captured several palefaces
last Tuesday and received a visit from Police
Judge ' on!an.
Past Grand Sachem Lovie was in the City last
Friday.-
Great Chief of Records Burgman has received a
bound copy of the proceedings of the Grand Coun
cil of Pennsylvania, he d in memory of the late
Andrew J. Baker, past sachem of the Wyoming
Tribe o$ that State, and past grand lncolionee of
the United st. t s.
Great sachem Jackson makes announcement of
the following visitations tor April: Miami
No. 65. Auburn, April (3: Delaware Tribe No. 48,
Xfwcastl . April 7; Wenonah Council No. 'A, Sac
ramento, April 8; Yuba Tribe No. 45, MarysviHe,
April 1"; Samoset Tribe, Vallejo, April 13: Mian
to;jom:ih Tribe .No. 9, City, April 14; Manzanita
Tribe No. 4, City, April 15; Sotovome Tribe So.
12, City, April IK; . Winnemucc'a Tribe No." 61,
City. April 17" Pohonachee Tribe No. 10, City,
April '20; Montezuma Tribe No. 77. City, April 21;
Seminole Tribe .No. 54, City, April 22; ModOC
Tribe No. 57. City, April 23; Pocahontas Tribe No.
11, City, ATi! 24; Wahtoke Tribe No. 63, Fresno
April '-'8; Cocopah Tribe No. 81, Los Angeles
April 550. •
'11 j reat : sachem says that as the tribes have
rot made any -preparation to celebrate Tammany
day, the 1-ith of M«.y, be will Invite all who can
come to meet him in White Eagle Tribe on the
even of that flay, when C. F. Burgman, G. C.
It., will deliver an address on the life and history
of the order.
• Degree of Pocahontas.
I^ast Thursday Kaw Wan Nleta Council of Stock
ton celebrated its fifth anniversary by an enter
tainment. -There was a programme of literature
hikl music, a banquet and toasts and short ad
fin ssfs.
I oc;thontas Council will give an entertainment
in -;. George's Hall on Monday, April 6. " •
Tli(* members of Alfurata Council spent a pleas
ant evening at the monthly social it -gave last
Friday 'in Washington Hall.
Native Sons of the Golden West.
On the evening of the Bth of April, Golden Gate
Parlor will hold a high jinks In the banquet-room
of the Native Sons' building. A nrst-c-lass pro
gramme has beou prepared, and the music will be
furnished by the letter carriers' ba.nd of thirty
pieces.
The Golden Gate Drill Corps, an annex of the
parlor of that name, will give the openinc picnic
of the season at Sunset Park, in the Santa Cruz
mountains, on Sunday, April 12.
Two new parlors are to be organized, one at Los
Angeles anrt one at Quincy, Plumas County.
Grand President Dunne and (Jrand Secretary
Lunstedt visited Alameda Parlor on Monday last.
The grand president and Grand Trustee Long
raid an official visit last week to Eden Parlor in
Haywards.
Grand Trustee Church was with Vallejo Parlor
on last Tuesday. He also visited Santa Lucia
Parlor at Salinas City on Saturday.
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
The parlors in the City and in the. interior are
Kieatly encouraged about the prosperity of the or
der.
The tea and bazaar given by the members of
Oro Fino Parlor recently at the residence of Miss
May H. Church on Capp street was a great event,
the residence beintt crowded to its utmost. There
was presented a fine literary and musical pro
gramme. The occasion was to raise funds to pur-
Chass a Mai; for the parlor.
Oro Fino Parlor will hold an open meeting
on the 4th of April, and will Rive its anniversary
hah on the evening of the 30: h of the same
month.
Grand Army ot the R-public.
The cemmander-fn-cblef of the <;rand Army, it
is expected, will visit this City during .lie month
of April.
The members of Oenrge 11. Thomas Post will
have a reunion in the banquet hall of the Red Men's
building on nVxt Tuesday evening.
Young Men's Institute.
Eureka Council has elected the following-named
delegates to tbe Grand Council: Archie Cauepa
and L. K. Mahnn; alternates, Alexander ARcler
and M. McMillan. Santa Rosa Council has chosen
John Brophy and John Ploover; alternates. Wil
liam Noonan and Thomas Carroll. Carson Council
Ims elected J. IMegnan and Key. J. P. Clyne;
alternates, Edward J. Walsh and Edward O'Brien.
Oran.l Secretary Stanley has received notice that
the Supreme Council constitution has been printed
and will soon be ready for distribution.
The next meeting of the board of directors will
be held on the 11th of April.
The following visitations are announced: John
T. ltyan, G. D., to Napn Council, April 9: J. C.
Gorman, G. D.. to Yuba Council, Aprfl 14; (iratid
secretary Georxe A. Stanley to Sun .Francisco
Counil, April 8, and Mission Council. April 16;
John O'Donnell, G. T., to .sacrnmeuto Council,
April 16.
Royal Arcanum.
Last Monday evening Argonaut Council enter- j
tamed a party of visiting brothers who had come
to pay their respects to the pioneer council of the
coast.
Besides the repu'ar oflicers and members, who
had gathered in large numbers, there were present :
E. E. Ewinij, past i;rand resjent of Ohio; Charles
\V. Burnham, past recent. New Jersey; s. s. tfuhl
mano, Brooklyn, If. V.; Thomas Hunks, New
York: G. E. Carlasen, Minneapolis: K. (;. Horst
iiirii of rennsyivania Council. A. Hillson of Val- i
lev City Council. A. A. Ahraham-son of Los An- ;
celes, 0. M. .tones of Los Angeles, William Haserk
of lA)s Angeles and A. C. Robbins of Queen City j
Council, N. Y.
After tbe regular order of business a social Res- .
sion was inaugurated and all present partict;ated !
in the recreation of the hour. Put Grand Regent
Ewin:; made a short and eloquent address, which
was listened to with marked attention by the memb
ers present. He advocated an Increase of the
membership in the direction of a erand jurisdic
tion, sertine forth the advantages that would re
sult from a body governing nearer than Boston,
KSsSS* tl.e Supreme Council headquarters. He
nnred the mem Den to adept measures toward *e
cur:nc legislation more particularly fitted to West
ern councils, and showing beyond all question t lie
ty of their nearer affiliation in the matter of j
association.
••.Many of our members," said he, "leave their !
Eastern councils and Journey to your far Western j
Cities. They make little if any eiTort to look up
their brethren in the order, and should they die,
as occurred in a caie not a thousand miles from
here recently, they die strangers in a strange land j
and are buried by strangers unidentified and all
unknown to their fellow ArcauumUes almost with
in a stone's throw, wno hud they known that help
was needed would have given tbat which the order !
ever holds forth to its worthy members." other!
members followed and very many good points were
brought out.
The gathering dispersed at 1 1 P. m. amid a gen- ]
eral handshaking and promises of an early return
to the hospitable quarters of "Old Argonaut.".
Foresters of America.
There was a full attendance at the meeting of
Court Golden State last Wednesday. There were
present S. B. Carleton, G. C.R. : C. H. Bremvr, |
G. S.; Sol. Peiser. (i. EL S. ; .1. Samuels. V. C. H. Of
Court Golden West : George Moody, t;. A.; <;. W.
Duffie. P. G. s. \V..andT. B. Goodwin. ( . I;, of court j
Eclipse. Considerable business was transacted, I
and E. I. Wolfe and I. Lindemann were by unani- j
mous vole elected delegates to the Grand Court.
The members of Court Zenith entertained their '
friends on the evening of Saturday, the L'lst, dur
ing which John Heenan. G. J. W., on behalf of the
court, presented a past chief ranger's jewel to Wm.
A. Lynch and another to George C. Berg.
Deputy is. L. Wailer was the master of cere- i
monies at an entertainment given Saturday, the i
21st inst., by Court Karallon at Ocean View.
There were sonsrs, recitations, duets and addresses, ■
one by Grand Junior Beadle E. L. Forster on the
benetits of the order.
Court Palo Alto will celebrate Its anniversary
next month by giving a ball to its friends.
At the next session of the Grand Court Marys-
Yille and Oakland will endeavcr through represen- j
tatives to secure the Grand Court for 1897. j
The first named city will be represented in the I
court by R. ■!■:. Bevan and J. P. A moldy and the ,
representatives of the last named will be A. A. '
Powers and H. Odium.
Golden Eagle Circle, Companions of the Forest, j
will receive its friends on next Wednesday even- !
ing.
Independent Order Foresters.
Court Diana has been doing remarkably well
since the beginning of the year. It Initiated two
candidates at its last held meeting and ha- several
applications on the secretary's table. The court is
busy at this time making preparations for an open
meeting and entertainment. The court is at this
time on a sound financial basis.
Court Morris Vineyard of Los Angeles recently
tendered a reception to G A. McElfresh, 11. C. It.,
in honor of his re-election for the fifth time. This !
court, of which he is a member, through Dr. C. P..
Dickinson, during the evening presented him a
beautiful watchcharm emblematic of the order,
and he feelingly responded. Foresters' Hall, in
wnlch the reception took place, was crowned to
its full capacity, and after the presentation there
was a pleasant evening of music, song, addresses ;
ami refreshments. horty-one applications for i
membership were filed that nk'ht.
Court Santa Rosa recently had a large attend- i
■ace at an open meeting. The high chief ranger '
delivered an interesting address on practical life !
insurance and benefits, and gave a very entertain
ing account of the Independent Foresters, their
plan of work and of the solid growth of the order i
during Us twenty-one years of existence. Those
present were kept in good humor by the many !
good stories told by the speaker to illustrate the j
points ho made. At the close of the meeting many I
expressed a desire to join the court.
Court Southern Heights will give a grand com- !
pllmentary social and dance in the Potrero Opera
house next Tuesday evening, when High Chief
Ranger AlcElfreaa and other distinguished visitors !
will address those present on Forestry, a very ;
entertaining programme has been prepared and |
much enjoyment is promised. Moved by die new
office's this court has recently displayed much
activity, and applications for membership and
initiations are in order at every meeting.
At ihe last held meet ing of Court Golden Gate Q. A. !
McElfresh, H. C. R., paid the court an official visit '
ar«l delivered an address full of enthusiasm. He <
spoke in glowing terms of th^ order in California
and stattd thai it Is in a very prosperous condition
in every part of the State. This court, now In its
fifth year, has increased its memlwrship 100 per
cent in that time and it in still receiving appiica- '
tions.
Ancient Order Foresters.
Last Wednesday evening Court Garfleld enter
tained its friends at a smoker, which proved so !
successful that it has been decided to repeat it in
the near future. As a resi:lt of this event the court
secured several applicants.
At the last held meeting of Court Liberty three !
candidates were initialed and L. Haas, P. C. It., j
was elected a delegate to the Subsidiary High '
Court that is to meet in I'kiah. Under thegnM- ;
ance of the present board of odicers the court is in
creasing in membership and funds.
| Court Star of the North has elected W. F. Tay
lor, P. C. X.. a- delegate to represent it at tne Sub- i
sliliary High Court session. J. W. Powning will
represent Court Pride of Pluiuas. Both delegates
| have been delegates to previous courts and have !
b<?en prominent members.
At a very interesting meeting of Court Prid<» of
San Msueo r.eid las: Wednesday, Louis Bahrswas j
presented a beautifully wuKrusttcd set of resolu- j
tions expressive of Ihe hish esteem in which lie :
has betii held by the numbers of the court, and I
expressing regret that he was forced to part from '
them. He was chief ranger and wag by baflnesa
engagements forced to leave San Alateo. The i
court has now a membership of sixty-one and ex- <
pi cts to become the banner court of the order.
Next Thursday Cour: Bournemouth will enter- '
tain s ourt Sunset of Oakland, and a team from i
the visiting court will confer the oriental degree on '
members of the s;t:ins court.
Court Apollo was entertained by the members of I
Artemis Circle, C. O. F., last Wednesnav night. I
There was a literary programme, dancing and sun- I
per, and hosts and guests wore very pleasantly oc
cupied until a late hour.
Colorado Circle gave a ball last week which was
well attended. This circle has a membership of '
nearly 100.
Knights of the Maccabees.
Pan Francisco Tent, Knights of the Maccabees,
held its regular review Friday evening. Several
new applications were acted upon and steps taken
to secure a full attendance at their next review, at
which time matters of special importance will be
brought up.
On Thursday evening Oakland Hive, Ladies of
the Maccabees, held a public installation of officers
in California Hall, which was tastefully decorated
with choice flowers for the occasion. A large and
appreciative audience was present. Lady Neidig
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MAIICH 30, 1896.
of Los Angeles, supreme lieutenant-commander,
was the installing officer. This installation was
the most beautiml ceremony we have ever wit
nessed. Tbe entire time consumed was about
three-quarters of an hour and terminated in a
grand march, which was one of the finest pieces of
llora! work and consisted in spelling the name of
the order, giving the emblems, etc. At this junc
ture the ladies were heartily applauded.
stale Deputy S. W. Hall delivered a short ad
dress in behalf of the Knights of the Maccabees,
which was listened to with much interest. Next
followed a recitation, after which Lady Comman
der Morris Introduced Lady Neidig who. In answer
to the question "What brought the Lady Mncca
bees into existenree?" recited a piece of poetry
which answered the question in a very unique
manner; she then spoke at some length on the ob
jects of the order. Lady Neidig is a very pleasing
speaker and received the hearty applause of her
auditors throughout.
The visitors were then given a treat in the form
of a piano solo, alter which a general good time
was indulged in for about an hour.
The Chosen Friends.
Last Thursday night the initiatory team did
work for Evans Council. Last Tuesday Grand
Secretary Wallis paid an official vi sit to the coun
cil at Benicia and on Thursday he visited the one
in iN'apa.
F. M. Collins, who died in Oakland last Tuesday,
was fourteen 3'ears financial agent of the order in
California. C. M. Arnold, P. S. C, has been ap
pointed to fill the vacancy.
The following are mentioned as candidates for
the office of supreme representative, seven being
the number to be chosen: H. >l. Hriekwedel, 11.
M. Button, a. B Sanbora, r. n. se vege, D. Sew
ell, K. I. Wo fe. F. 11. Keeper, W. H. Savage, 1".
11. O'Brien and H. B. M. Miller; M. Boehru,
assistant grand councilor, is named for grand
councilor; E It. '1 heil of Sacramento for assistant
councilor: I). J. Iluwley of Sacramento for grand
vice councilor; S. C. Wallis to succeed himself as
grand" secretary; for grand treasurer, Miss Clara
McDonald, the incumbent.
Last Thursday more than 350 persons assembled
in the hall of Crystal Council to attend the open
meetingana witness the presentation of a $3012
eh ck to Carl Hess, ihe amount due him by .he
order on having attained the seventy-rifth year of
his age. S. N. Davidson was chairman of the
meeting, ami be r :>'l the response of Mr. Hess
to the presentation, m:nle by C. M. Arnold, P. S.
C. The old gentleman whs the recipient of con
gratulations, after which r.ll present joined in the
dunce and then sat down to a banquet, at which
Mr. Hess was the guest of honor.
Independent Order B'ne B'rith.
California I o<ige has appointed a committee, of
which David Cohu is chairman, to make arrange
ments for the anniversary celebration of the lodge
on the 16th of July. This lodge will give a picnic
in Schnetzefl park in June.
l"u]ty Lodge will give an entertainment on the
6th of April.
Montefiore Lodge is making preparations for a
musical and literary entertainment.
The contest for the prize to the lodge making the
greatest increase in membership Is at this time be
tween California and Portland lodges.
Adler No. 3 of the Youth's Auxiliary gave a
party last Thursday which was attended by
Grand President E. I. Wolfe and William saal
burg, L. Bernstein. M. H. EZeinneman, Isndor
Simon and Phil sterin, composing the commis
sioners on Youth's Auxiliary.
Last Wednesday there was held in Chicago a
mass-meeting under the propaganda of the district
grand of Illinois, which was addressed by G. G.
Ilirseh and Simon Wolfe of Washington, D. C,
two of the most prominent orators of the times.
The last named is the author oi 'The American
Jew as Patriot, Soldier ana Citizen," a book that
has obtained a wide circulation in and outside of
Jewish circles and the proceeds of which the
author donates to the home in Atlanta, Ga.
Knigfhts of Honor.
Grand Dictator Archibald visited Liberty Lodge
last week. This lodge will initiate several raudi
dates on Wednesday n°xt.
On Tues'luy the grand dictator was with Saxon
Lodge, and on Thursday he was wiih Keystone
Lodge, which gave a grand entertainment in Its
loilgeroom. On Friday he was with Ivy Lorig.-.
on the Ist of April he will stun on his trip south
to be absent several weeks.
There will be three assessments for April.
The to a] membership of the orderon the first of
the year whs 116,512. The amount Of renefits
paid to March 14 since June 30, 1573, when the
order was ■ sablished, is $53,839,761 79.
The literary and social entertainment to be given
to-night in A lcnzar building under the auspices of
District MO oi the Knights of Honor promises to be
a great enter ainruvnu A very fine programme
has been prepared.
Knights and Ladies of Honor.
Maitha Lodge will give one of its enjoyable an
nual parties April 6.
A large number of visitors were present at the
meeting of Golden Rule Lodge last Thursday even
ing. Among the visitors were Grand Deputies
George J. Vincent and Mrs. S. Beverson, Grand
Secretary S. B. Carleton, Mrs. A. Thompson, Mrs.
L. J. WheelocK and Mrs. George J. Vincent. %
Present indications are that the members of the
Grand Lodge that is to meet in this City next
month will be pleasantly entertained.
Empire and Magnolia lodges are holding very in
teresting meetings.
Jr. Order United American Mechanics.
State Councilor Schaertzer visited John A. Lo
gan Council last Friday and foucd it in good con
dition and the members enthusiastic.
Paul Revere Council at Berkeley was visited by
the State councilor on Saturday, and he expressed
himself well pleased with the effective manner in
which the council performs all of its work.
The State board of officers has named the follow
ing coin mi tte-s: Appeals— W. X, Van de Mark of
No. -j'j, '/.. T. Whitten of No. V, William Jameson
of No. 17; finance— F. A. Tlbbits of No. 2, I), (i.
Francis of No. 19, s. J. Theisen of No. 6; creden
tials—C. C. Cook of No. 15, D. B. P.owleyof No. 6,
1., v. Kelnhart of No. 7: laws— P. Salisbury of No.
L'B. W. A. Garter of No. 21, C. N. Wilson of No. 6:
legislative— l). S.Stanley of No. 24, G. T. Boyd of
No. 25, M. 11. Bellengerof No. 'JO.
Daughters of Liberty.
The first anniversary party of Martha Washing
ton Council, Daughters of Liberty, of the Ladies'
Auxiliary of the Junior Order of I'nited American
Mechanics, last Tuesday evening in I'nion-square I
Hall, was well attended and was a very pleasant
affair. There was an overture by the Cellaring
band, an address of greeting by Mrs. Bowley, who
was introduced by Councilor Mrs. C. F. Strong,
a vocal solo by Miss Cat t ran, rer Station by Mrs.
Walk<:r and song by G. Webb. The feature of the
programme was the rendition of selections by
thirty young ladies of Professor Graber's mandolin,
guitar and banjo class. The first number was
••March Belle of New York," and for an encore the
class gave 'Home, Sweet Home" with brilliant
variations, both pieces being'arranged for the class
by the professor. The music oi the many stringed
instruments was delightful and the perfect time of
the player! was very favorably commented upon.
After the programme tiiere was a dance which
w as kept up until a late hour.
California Council will give its monthly enter
tainment in Pythian C'Rstle on Wednesday
April 8.
Oakland Council will soon remove from its
present quarters.
A new council Is being organized at Lompoc.
The Nationa Union.
President Field of the Cabinet has been visiting
all the councils in the City.
Los Angeles Council gained quite an accession
to Its membership recently at an open meeting.
The Supreme Senate during the month of Feb
ruary oaid out 999,404 30 for benefits.
The councils of the State are decidedly opposed
to the proposition to Increase! the assessment in
order to create a reserve fund.
The Sun Francisco Cabinet, composed of officers
of the councils of this City and those or Alameda
County, will hold an important meeting in the
Alcazar building on Wednesday.
Knights of Pythias.
After an absence of seven weeks Grand Chan
cellor Samuels has returned to this City. He
made a tour of the southern part of the State,
visited more, than forty councils and reports that
tin- members are very enthusiastic.
l'asr Grand Chancellor Frank H. Farrara has
been appointed to ins' itnte the new lodge at Mari
posa, which is to be added to the rosier shortly.
He will lx» assisteJ by a lar?e number of the mem
bers of Yosetnite I.oige of Merced.
Lodges are in process of organization at Redondo,
Los Angeles and Ontario.
Woodmen of the World.
Last Thursday evening Redwood Camp held a
public meeting in Pythian Castle, which was at
tended by a large number of ladies and gentle
men, who paid close attention to the interesting
programme presented. Dr. M ):. Van Meter de
livered r short ad'lr.-ss on woodcraft. State Or
gani/.pr Mcllenry of Portland, or., spoke on old
time and fraternal beneficiary organ izatinns, and
there were charming songs and entertaining reci
tations As ii result of the evening's entertain
ment twenty applications were received.
The camp will give a picnic early in May.
Endowment Guild of America.
Last Monday evening a new chapter of the Mor
tuary and Old Age division of the Progressive En
dowment Guild of America was instituted in this
City with twenty-nine charter members. The follow
ing named oflicers were installed by Rod W.McGar
vie, deputy supreme governor: Dr. A. T. Durby,
governor; J. 1!. Wear, vice-governor; M. S. Fien
berg, past governor: John F. Eggert. secretary;
Edward IJ. Peppin, treasurer; Dr. J. P. Le Fevre,
medical examiner: Walter White, chaplain; W. S.
Lewis, warden; John E. Munn, guard; Ilenrv
huffschmitt, Dr. Le Fevre and J. E, Dilleri,
trustees. The report of tbe guild for 1895 shows
that there was paid out for death benefits $19,950,
for sick benefits, $1882 50, and that there Is in the
reserve fund 8144.4H-V and $25,525 deposited with
the treasurer of the state of Vlrglpla as security
for the protection of the members.
TO PUSH THE CANVASS.
Directors of the Y. M. C. A. Hold an
Important Meeting To- Night,
This evening at 8 o'clock in the directors'
room, Association building, Mason and
Ellis streets, the directors and trustees of
the Young Men's Christian Association j
will hold an important meeting. The suc
cess which has attended their efforts thus
far to secure $100,000 to assist in paying
the indebtedness on the new building of
the association lias given new impetus to
the great task in hand. A special effort
will be made this week to see as large a
number of citizens as possible with the
hope of securing the balance of $12,000 be
fore Easter Sunday. New committees will
be appointed this evening and the canvass
will be vigorously pushed.
It is expected tbat Cnauncey M. Depew
and Cornelius Vanderbilt will be given a
public reception at the parlors of the Asso
ciation building, as these gentlemen are
most prominent Young Men's Christian
Association men and have a reputation as
such throughout the country." It is very
probable Mr. Depew will deliver a public
lecture some time during his stay in this
City under the auspices of the association.
At least he has been requested by the
board of management to do so.
The annual election of trustees of the as
sociation will be held next Thursday. A
membership contest will also be inaugu
rated Tuesday evening by the forward
movement committee of the association
with the hope of greatly increasing the a!
ready large and crowing membership.
Young men in general are takitica lively
interest in the work of the institution.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
William Martin to C. H.'Maddox, undivided half
of lot on S line of Lombard street 110:8i/j« -X of
Van Ness avenue, X 75, 3 112, SW 87, N 166;
also undivided half of lot on S line of Lombard
street 114 W of Polk, S 114:4, S\V 20:2, 8W75, N
147, E 84:3 i / a: $1000. - .;
Gustav A. Heylmann to Howard Trumbo. lot on
S line of -flitter street 25 B of Octavia. E 25 by S
110, subject to mortgage; $2500.
Merman Shuinwahl to John Morrow, lot on W
line of Fillmore street 37:6 N of Fulton, N 25 by
W 87:6; $10.
Benjamin de Shields to Anna M. H. de Shields,
lot on N line of Seventeenth street ICO E of Fol
som, E 45 by N 100: $10. -
Bernard A., Catherine, John J. and Mary J.
Tracy to Anne McMenamin, lot on SW corner of
Harrison and Seventeenth streets, S 286:1%.- W
184:6, \V 21:4, NE 293, E 123:11%, $10; also lot
on s\V corner of Day and Dolores streets, SSO by
W 105; $10.
John K. Sullivan to Leonard H. Schmid, lot on
S line of Ridley street, 100 B of Sanchez. E 25 by
110; $10. -."•■■'
M. Morgenthau Company (a corporation) to
Charles L. Creyer, lot on »"E corner of Twenty
first and Hampshire streets, s 97:6 by B 25; $10. ]
Same to Hans C. Anderson, lot on s line of I
Twenty-first street, 75 E of Humpstiiie, E 26 by s I
97:6; $10. .
John W. Hodgkin (guardian of the estate of
William H. Allen) to Mary Van Glahn, lot on N
line of California street, 100 W of Stockton, -W- 20
by X 57:6: $10. . •-M
Charles S. ilarker to Wesley B. Harker, lot on W
line of Leavenworth street, 77:10 M of Sutler, N |
18:9 by W 90:6; also lot on W line of Rhode Isl- j
and street, 433 s of Army (Colusa). 8 78:11, N 50
de«. : J .O mm. W 68:10, N 66 (leg. 62 mm. W 81:10,
200; $10.
Clara Meyer to South San Francisco Land and
Improvement Company, lot on W corner of Sixth
and Towimend streets, NW 275 by .-W 137:6: $10.
San Francisco Land Company to John F. Under
wood, lot on W line of Tenth avenue, 275 N of
Clement street, N 25 by W 120: $10.
Same to George 11. Underwood, lot on \V tine of
Tenth avenue, 300 N of Clement street, N 25 by W
120: $10.
George Bates to Caroline Bates, lot commencing
100 feel s of Southeast 1 street and Forty-ninth
avenue, S 300 by B 240; $10.
Mary M. B. Martin to Catherine O'Neil, lot on
NE corner of M street and Eleventh avenue, E
32:9 by N 100; $10.
Bams to 'Mary O'Neil, lot on NW corner of M
street, and Tenth avenue, W 32:6 by N 100; $10. i
Perry J. and Emma G. Smith to Elizabeth A.
Clark, lot on SE line of Munich street. 21*0 SW of
Russia avenue. BW 5O by SE 100, block 92, Ex
celsior Homestead: $10.
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mrs H. :
Becker, lot in Walhalla Dell, section 6. $33.
. AUMKIU COITXTV. .
Mary Fearey (by W. F. Kroll, commissioner) to
Arnold Koenljac, lot 7, block 2097. Alden Tract
Ternescal, Oakland Township: $476.
A. A. Fink to Kimball G. Easton, lot on SW cor
ner of Shattuek avenue. 40 8 of College wav, X '
38.81, W 90.29, N 38:7, E 93.05, lot 15, block 1, ;
Sea View Park, Berkeley; $10.
Matilda Erkenbrecker to same, lot- 15, block 1,
same; $5.
K. C. and Katharine O. Easton to Annie R. and
Atherton s. Lock, same: $10. , w\«:.
Obed Worth to J. S. Fit 7.. lot 39, lands Regent
street Homestead Association. Berkeley; grant.
Daniel and Sarah F. S-,ve!t to Carrie "Kite-hell, N
Vis lots 6to 10, block 46, a y 2 lots 18 to 22, block :
46. tract B, same, Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $5.
Augustine N. Drais to Albert S. Drais, lot on S
line of Nineteenth street. 100 E of West, E25 by
S 100. portion of lot 6, block R, Barnes Tract. Oak
land; gift.
Elliot F. and Ellen Scott to John Stewart, lots
38 and 39. Map 2. Mitchel Tract, excepting that
portion lying to the south of line parallel with the
street on said map, designated as "Cross road,"
which line is 106:8 to s'of s line of aforesaid
street, quitclaim deed, Oakland; $5.
John Stewart to Constance McKeand, same,
Oakland; $10. .
Sarah A. McKee to Ludwig Blohm, lot on .V line '
of Mariposa street, 245 E of Grove, E 60 by N 136, j
lot 1, block 3, McKee Tract. Oakland Township; i
$10.
P. H. Short to Gerard Bechcr, lot on E line of
Bray avenue, 615.38 N of East Fourteenth street !
or new county road from Oakland to San Leandro, i
N 65 by i-. 150, being portion of lo;s 50 and 61,
Bray Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
• Lars M. Bolsted to Wilhelmine F. Bolsted. lot on I
NX corner of 1-ourth street and Alston way, N 44
by E 100, portion of lots 16 and 16, block 107,
Tract B, Berkeley L. and T. I. Association, Berke
ley; also lots 1, 2, 3 ana 4. block 53. Tract B, name,
Berkeley; gift.
Letitia Rountree to Baldonero and Adrlana E. !
Pong, lot 20, block 9, Herzog Tract, Oakland
Township: $10. ■ •
Frederick Ball to Emily Sophia Pail, lot com
mencing at point of intersection of dividing line of
lots 3 and 4 and 2 and 5 of Langau Tract and
center line of an uvenue thirty t"ei»t in width,
thence NE 7.92 chains, SE 7.45 chains," SW 7.45 I
chains to beginning, being lot 3, Langan Tract (as
recorded). Eden Township; gift. :
Gus'.ave A. Katz to George G. Katz, lots 3 to 6, 9 |
and 28, block 44, Oakland; also lot on SE corner i
of Clay and Fifth streets. E 76 by 8 50, block 44,
Oakland: also lot on NE corner of Clay and Fourth
streets. E 75 by N 50, block 44, Oakland; also lots
7 and 9, block B, Peralta Heights, East Oakland;
$10. • ■.-.-■
George P. and Wllhelmina Congor to Charles 11.
and Julia O. Clark, lot on E line of Mil via street,
230 Sof Rose. s6oby X 135, block 2, Graves &
Taylor Tract, subject to mortgage, quitclaim,
Berkeley: $10. . :
George A. rates, to Prank Frates, lot on X line
of Christina street, 29*0 s of Gilmnn, s 50 by E
100, lots •_'•! and '_*5, block li, Christianla- Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Fred Hoys to Peter J. Peterson, Tot on S corner
of snell avenue unit San I.eandro road. SB 156:4,
B\V 194:2, NW 146:9. NE 140:8, being lots 1, 2
and 3," block- K. Buenaventura Tract, Berkeley
Township; $10.
£uilders' Contracts,
C. 11. Cook with William Linden to erect wo
story Building on west line of Baker, llhi:Vi
north of Washington, $1885. ■•■-• . ■ •■ --,--.--■"
B. Crow ley ' with Thomas F. Mitchell to erect a
two-story building on Scott, 25 west of Diamond,
$2967.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL. |
L D Reeb, Sonoma \v a Eaton i^ w, Detroit ■
M .1 Killer, suntu Hosu M <; Loping, Astoria '
1- Mahoney, Astoria" i* -Gorman it w, O.ikland :
II B Ewing, Denver - \V .1 Dixon. .1 O'Ni-11 Co
P Cook, J o'Neil Co a .1 Btrdaop, Hnmboidt
T Browning <tw, Boston J Fllmore it wj Boston
A Uii lining, Boston i- J Coats & d, Sunnier
O I' Brown, Simmer S Pax 1 ", Modesto" -
It Dncker, Modesto ' A Burdge, Merced £:jii<.'?2
J Henderson it w, Napa -■ .-.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
X Fiend, Crockett '.'. C 11 Kyer it w, Stockton.
Miss M Kyer, Stockton C Gordon, NY
A M Howry, NY J s Parton, Alameda ..-
J Kewin. Alarm-da J » Tivormey, Alumeda
M \V Null, SanMuteo II G Eagle, San Ma:eo.'
J G Mevins, Vaiiejo S II salvage. Kureka
Miss X siiapj), Stockton C Krauketiihal, N i
■ M Iss 1-' Rockwell, N V W F COM in. N V
Mrs A J Rockwell, N V it li Mul<l, Vullejo
W V Hall, Sacio X Hernnaii. !~aoto
T Binz, Sun .lose . c M Williams it \v, Sacto
J C liz/.eli, White River J Jones; san Jose
8 X Uonahcr.s, Mare Is \j V Sinslieirii-'r. Sacto •
a !• Kiuith, NY 11 Miller, .-an Diego .
H lloriou, Vallejo
PALACE HOTEL.
L S Rassleur, Hi Louis Win Foster. Boston ■;
Dr D Kennedy. Kingston Mr.i Kennedy, Kingston
J X More,' Kingston JM.Burk.Cal-: ■
W L Bums, Waco S M Waid. Texas • '
W 1! Ward, Texas C Storck, H V
T 11 Thorn, Chicago X D Hull, Omaha
J A Joyce, NY j{ C Joyce, NY- ■
E"A Godfrey Jr. Minn E Wledlng," London
J A Gilmore. London J J Morklil, Mai«aliu
J%i O'Neil, N V Mrs Jaa t)\\etl. N V
J O'GrHdy. New Jersey .. \V H Miller, Plalntield
WII .Marvill, Perm ' II T Sloane, N V
X Sharland, La Mrs A W Johnson, Cal
A W Johnson, Cal H Clemens &. xv, Cal
VV X Howard &w, Cal M. Kaufman &w, Perm
F R Harris, Los Arig H X Ticket, Cal
P L uinan, Chicago ■'-':> W S Nod &w, Minn
Mrs W Huntlinir, Cal • O Kunsch, Hamburg '
S P Kaufman, Phlla U Livermore & w, N V
II J Luther & vr, N V • W A McCreery, Cal '
T Erskine &w, Sonoma ;
'. r GRAND HOTEL. ' '
C Lieghold. Salinas C Horsey, Oakdale .
(.* D Kaston. California T Hooker w, x\ apa .
H Le Baron, Valley Frd i \V Hall, Philadelphia i
M Doyle, Santa Ho.sa Dr Kennedy- & w, Ohio . :
D Leonard, Dos Palos G >.astiuan &w. Chicago
Mrs J C Diaz. Chicago AH Holgate Duluth
G Pennlman, San Jose ' W Wyatt & \v, Modesto
A M Robb, Port Costa L Jackson, Chico -
J C Bogs, California •;, : A Wahl, Durham
LHlllhouse, Mlnneaplls X Hopkins, Woodland
\V Sexton, Minneapolis : G Ortez, Stockton ' :
W T Wallace, Boston A Wylie, San Andreas ' i.
Mrs Towners, Still water J Snyder, san Andreas
L Towners, S-lUwaier v A Black, St Paul :
JIB Muiphy, stocKton :; L Maldue, Cleveland . \
3 Neumeister&w, ChicßO D P Durst, Wheatland ';
Mrs Browning, San Jose J J Graves, Chicago '■-.£: r
J Gardiner, Los Angeles ' L Frankeuheimer, StKtn
R Van Peet, Los Angeles G B Williams, New York
A N Campbell, Cal .-i^-, (i X Tullogar. New York
J C Tice, Stockton ,- . J Graia: &w, Woodland '
JL Phelps, Stockton 'X M Tilden, Woodland
J P Halllday, 8 Dakota * W Bruce, Chicago
, JSUpbens.Ulsblnd Spgs Miss Craig, liigUlnd Spgs
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Z E Buckner, S Kosa C J Fulle, San Jose
.T Faund & w, Italy W H Lee, Santa Rosa
F E Drown. Snnta'Rosa M E Harris, Oakland
II G Pindar, Piumas B G Whittier, M V
J C Lovelock, Sacto
explanation.
■ The arrow flies with the wind. The top fignTM
at Elation indicate maximum temperature for. the
day-*; those underneath it, If any, the amount Of
rainfall, of melted snow in Inches and bundTedths.
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect points of equal air pressure; Iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows"
usually first appear, on the Washington coast.
When the pressure is high In the interior and low
Hong the const, and the isobars extend north and
■out n along the coast, rain is probable: but when
the -low" is Inclosed with Isobars of marked curva
tnre rain south of Oregon Is improbable. .With c
"high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and the pressure
falling to the California coast, warmer weather may
be expected in summer and colder weather In win
ter. .. The reverse of these condition* will product
an opposite result. ;
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
V HIT BO Statks Department of. Aorichl
titrk, Wk.ATHKR bureau, sax p'ranoisco,
March 20, 18.96, 5 p.m. Weather conditions and
general forecast:- ' • ■
The following are the seasonal rain'a'ls to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka 35.89. lust season 37.64: Red Bluff
16.£9, lost season 27.72: San Francisco 16.37, last
season 25.86: Fresno 6.37, last season 13.16: San
I.nis Oblspo 15.41. last season 24. 90: Los Angeles
8.88, lam season 15.45: Han Diego 6.68, last sea
son 11.90: Yuma .88. last season 8.01. -.-.-
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-d»y: Kureka
54, Red Bluff Hi, San Francisco — . Fresno (56.
San Lola Obiapo 58, Los Angeles 68, San Diego 64,
Yuma 78. * - . . ■..-.... ... w... ,;'-• •'
.-'an Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum iH, mean 54.
The following rainfall! are reported from sta
tions in California (taring the past twenty-four
ti<>ur>: Kiireka .08, Los Angeles .02, San Diego
.'-'4, Yuma trace.
The area of low pressure central last nisht over
the upper Missouri Valley has moved eastward,
while the area of high pressure central last nipht
off the coast of Northern California has moved in
land slowly, nnd now covers the Pacific slope
south or Washington. The pressure tins risen
over the entire Pacific Slope, and in the past
i'Z hours lius risen .09 of an inch off the Oregon
const. The temperature lias risen over Itah. Ari
zona, Nevada and California south ot the Sacra
memo Valley. Rain hag fallen over Washington,
Oregon and Idaho. .Snow is reported to-night at
Baker City.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty nours
ending midnight, March 30, 1896:
Northern California — »ir Monday; westerly
winds.
southern California— Fair Monday; westerly
winCs.
Nevada — Fair Monday.
Utah— Cloudy weather Monday.
Arizona— Fair Monday
San Francisco and vicinity — Fair Monday;
westerly winds. Alkxan-ukr 8. Mcai>ie,
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
March. 1896.'
Mo.
Tu.
W.
Th. Kr.jSa.j Moon
5 8 7 /7"M>ast
12 13 14 j^ xcv
19 20 21 ~~T7~
i >^\i irst
— ; \J) m
26 27 28
f» Ful
Vs/ M
3
10
jSSv Xew Moon-
<•£/ March 14
16
17
18
23
I
/^>\First Qua
vi 1 March
M
30
31
,^ Full Ma
v£^ March
29 I
OCEAN STEAMERS.
l>at*»» of Departure I'rom "San l"r»»nrleco.
hi-' M ■: | lIHTIXATIOS I
SAIL 4.
; pikr.
Cmatllla. ... I Vie & Pet Slid Mch3o. 9am Pier
Peru.... .... ' China Japan 'MchHO. 3pm I'M 88
Corona San Dieso..... Mcl)3o.llah Pier 11
Pomona ! Humboldtßaj Mch3o. '2pm Pier 9
Homer Coos Hay McllS), spu Oceanic
iVrrnta.. Coos Ray Mch31,12 Ml Pier IS
4.rneO. ' Coos uav...... Apr I.loam I'ier 1»
Wec0u...... Eel River..:.. 'Apr 1, »am ; Pier 13
KnreKa..... Ncwoor; : . Apr I.Ham Pier 11
AlnniPdn Sydney Apr 2, Oceanic
sunoi .. .. [Grays Harbor. I Apr 2. '2pm t*ier 20
Del ;>one .. Urays Haroor. Apr 2. 4pmj
Htatc of i-ai rortinmi....... 'Apr 3.10 am l'ier'2l
Fatita Kum. "an I):p:o . Apr :-s.Xl av i I'liT 11
ABlancliar:! Portland Apr 3. 6FM i"ier 13
CltyPuebla.. Vie A Snti Apr 4. 'Jam '■ Pier 9
ft ram...... Newport .....; Anr 5. oam Pier II
Orizaba.'..-... .Mexico .... Apr 5.10 am Pier 11
STEMAERS TO ARRIVE.
NTKAMtCU |
:• KoM
| J)ITH
Truckee ...... Tillamoot [..Mch 30
\V»cott. . Km Kiver ' Men 30
Arcata..... Coos .bay ■ ..Mch 30
Snnol (iruvH llaroor Men 30
Willamette Vai. Mexic0....... :Nlch3o
Kureka Newport....... .:Mch SO
Araco Coo* -8ay.....". ..Alc!i3o
H0mer.......... Coo.i nay ..Mch3o
I'itvof PiiPDift.. Victoria A l'u«ei ejourid ..Mch 81
Mate of Cal. ;.'.. I'ortiand I. Mch HI
!-outh Coast.".... I'ortland. ..Mch 31
!>«•! Xorte liniys Ilaruor ; ..Men 3i
txnuuou. San i>ie«o_ .Apr . 1
Mm Benito ...... San IMego .:: .Apr 1
pKlancnanl I'ortlani ................ ..Apr 1
. H I'am ....... Newport. ..Apr 3
Wfllln-ttau.:.... Departure Bay ..Apr 3
Aeamilco... Panama..". Apr 4
Wuet-n.... ; I'orilaii.l. Apr 5
I'firnnn San Ul ego. ..Apr 5
Wnlla Walla.'. .". Victoria & I'neet sound ..Apr 5
North l-oriv.-- . ICnmt>oirtt Hay. 1 . ..." ..Apr 5
SUN,MOON AND TIDE.
T. ". t'nWH AXtl (iK.ODKTIC SITKVKV TtDE")
l;ii i.ktiv Prnr.isiiKi) by Official V
.UTiinnrvor the scpkrixtkniikxt. )
Monduy, March 80.
fun rises. S. 55 Moon rises am
Sun ueis..:. ..; 3-1; Moon sets.
Mtareh— IS90.
i Time Feo; li^li .|Tln»| Feet JTIm* ! Feel
gjH w . i. w| a \v| i. VV|
80; 0.011 6.21 6.30!— ait 1.041 4.81 6.28 1.2
31 0.34 6.3! 7.14—0.3 2.06 4.5 7.08 1.7
A i -(' - ■ '■-■ ■ --■■ -. - : ■, • r- '
1 '1.12 6.2 8.07 —0.3 3.20 4.01 7.4K: 1.8
2 1.541 5.2 H.OH:— 4.42 S.H, 8.38 2.2
3 1 2.43 5.0 .10.]'.' -0.4 6.(15 3.0 9.4H 2.7
4 -S.47 4.7 1] .1 1-1) .«. 7.15 3.7 11.20 2H
>.'OTK— In the a Dove exposition of tin- tides Mia
•arly morn Ing tides aru-plven in the left band
column, and the successive tides or the day in the
; ©Tier of occurrence as to time. The second time
; column Riven the second tide of the day, :he third
time column the third tide, and the lnst or right.
band column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, ; as -sometime*
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on th« United .States -Coast Survey
chart*, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
bright, and then the number given Is nubtractive
from the depth given by (he charm .aggMJimilHMWI
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrivml.
SATURDAY. March 28.
Schf Lettitla, Stokkebye. lOdays from Portland;
240 M. ft lumber, 10 ByxbeeA Clark.
SUNDAY. March 29.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 15»4 hours from Eureka:
pass aiul nnlsp, to Gooclall, Perkins >v (Jo.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 20 hours from Moss Land-
Ing and way ports; produce, to Uoodall, Perkins A
Co.
Stmr City of Everett, Bucknam, 85 hours from
Nunaimo; "3750 tons coal, to .Tobn Rosenfela's
Sons.
Simr Albion, Lundquist. 13 hours from Fort
BrAiTit: lumb t, to .1 S Klmball.
Htmr Crescent City, Allen, 30 hours from Cres
cent City; pa*» and nidse, to Hobbs, Wall & Co.
Ship Columbia. Nelson, 8 days from Ranaimo;
2313 tons coal. 10 X D Chandler.
Ttal ship Caterina Acctme, Borzone, 160 days
from Swansea; 200 tons firebricks, 1544 ions coal.
769 torn coke, to Balfour, Gathrle & Co.
Bark Uermania, Pearson, 11 d»ya from ri«w
Whatcom; 800 M ft lumber and laths, to P B
Cornwall. i ■' . ' ■ i___r
Schr Mary Buhne, Bamselius. 2 . days from
Eureka: lumber and shingles, to Chas iNelson.
Sohr Ralph J Long, Jansen, 7 clays trom Siusiaw
River; 160 Mft lumber, to Chas Nelson. _ ; .
Scbr Coquelle, J'etirson, 7 days from ( oquiiie
River; 160 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
schr Beulah, Johnson, 3 days from Lmpqua:
390 Mft lumb-r, to Gardiner Mill Co. . ■ _ -
Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel, — hours from Flsss
Mill: wood, to Bender Bros. /„«.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nelson, 12 hours from per
sons Landing; 90 eds wood, to N I veraen. •
Schr Archie and Fontie, Colstrup, 9 hours from
Stewarts Point; posts and ground bark, to Higglns
& Collins: . ', ,\,-'
Schr Amethyst. Sorland, 11 days from aids
port; lumber, to T J Golden.'.
Sailed.
SUNDAY, March 29.
Stmr Queen. Green. Astoria. -
Stmr North Fork. Hansen. Eureka.
Stmr Farallon. P.oberts, Yaquina Bay.
Schr Moro, Jorsenson.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bowens landing.
Sc)ir Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Glen, Jorsenson, Baratonga. , . ■
Schr Etta B, tyadsen. Fort Koss.
' 1 c t»<;r;»'«'i 1 1. ; ,
POINT LOBOS. March 29-10 p. M.— Weather
hazy, wind If W; .velocity 30 miles.
■ l)omp«tlo Ports.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Mar 28-3chr Ban?or, fm
Port Gamble: safer C A Thayer, from Grays Har
bor. „
: Sailed Hit 28— stmr Tlllamook, for Sun Frnn-
SEATTLE— SaiIed Mar Schr Challenger, for
Lit Lin»-rtnrt. ' , .
EUREKA— Mar 29-Bktn Uncle John,
sctir Esther Bnhne, slmrs Scotia and South Coast,
for San Francisco.
Arrived Mar 29— Stmr South Coast, from Port
land. ■ , . ■
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr Signal, from
Puget Sound. " . ,
Sailed Mar 29— Stmr State of California and schr
Annie Gee, for San Francisco.
STEWARTS POINT-Sailed Mar Schr Ar
chie and Fontie, for San Francisco.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Mar 29— Bark Fr«3no
hence Mar 22. ?-'■■
SANTA BARBARA— Arrived Mar 29— Schr Ivy,
from Eureka. _ -
BOWKNS LANDING— SaiIed Mar Schr
Monterey, for San Francisco.
IVERSENS LANDING- Sailed Mar 29-%chr
Ocean Spray, for San Francisco. '
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Mar 29— Schr
Maggie C Russ, from San .lose do Guatemala; Br
schr Rirnac, from Chanaral: bktn Klikitat, from
Honolulu. .■'•:.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Mar 29— Schr Sal
vator. from San Pedro.
COQIILLEKIVKK-Salled Mar 27— Schr Del
Xorte, for San Francisco.
.Movements of; Train- Atlantic Ste»m«r».
■', NEW. YORK— Arrived Mar 29— Stmr' Umbria,
from Liverpool, i
JIAVRE-Arrived out Mar 29-Stmr La Tou-
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Mar 29— Stmr Lucania,
for New York. •-",■'■'
GIBRALTAR— Passed Mar 28-Stmr Kaiser
\\ illirlm 11. from Genoa for New York.
■-.DELAWARE BREAKWATER - Passed out
Mar 29— Stmr Pennlaud, for Liverpool.
Importations.
SOQUEL— Per Gipsy— 2 iron castings.
Santa Cruz— 3 bxs butter. 4 cs cheese, 510bbls
lime. 21/2 bxs fish, 10 rolls sole leather, 12 empties,
14 rolls belt leather. 16 rolls skit leather.
Pigeon Point -3 hf-bx.? butter, 68 bx3> 70 drums
41 twin drums cheese. .- -r: <-
. EUREKA— Per I'omona— 27 rolls leather, 4 bxs
plates. 1 cs boots and shoes, 1 pkg hardware, 2 kgs
45. tubs 16H bx* butter, 2 bb!s mineral water, 1 Die
dry goods, 2 cs bacon, 34 M ft lumber. 1 sk tails, 1
box dishes, 90 bxs potatoes, 22 bxs apples, 1 box
lamps. 2 bdl sheep pelts. 1 bdl calfskins.
Fields Landing— s2s M shingles. 21 M ft '.umber.
i CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2 cs ma
chinery, 34 bxs butter, 5 dressed calves. 2 cs meat,
10 pkgs mdse. 4 *ks hides, — M ft lumber, 120 sks
bark, 64 bbls salmon, 1 box hardware.
ConHigrnee-i.
Per Gipsy— H Cowell & Co: L G Sresovich <fc Co;
O B Smith & Co: Dairymen's Union; Kron Tan
ning Co; Getzßros&Co; Dodge, Sweeney A Co:
Wheaton, Breon Co; Hammond A Brod: J Kes
sin«; Brigham, lloppe & Co: Norton, Teller A Co;
Tillmann & BendeL
Per Pomona— A C Nichols A Co; Standard Oil Co:
Amer PressAssn: Dairymen's Union; Hills Bros;
Cahn, Nickelsburg dt Co; Dodge, Sweeney <fc Co; J
Anijer: I) N & X Walters: Wheaton, Brton A Co;
ll ulse, Bradford .v Co; Preston & Me Kinnon: G \V
Gibbs it Co; standard Oil Co; W it J Sloane «fc Co:
Wells, Fargo & Co; Wolf it son: Gray & Mitchell;
Baker & Hamilton: Brlghatn, Hoppe A Co; Arctic
011 Works; Get! Bros & Co; II N Tilden A Co; H
Campi; Murphy, Grant it Co: HlgglusA Collins;
.1 M Moore: Hills Bros: Norton, Teller it Co: Scott
A Van Arsdale; O B Smith A Co: Ross A Hewlett:
W. B Sumner A Co; Humboldt'Min Water Co; Mc-
Kay it Co: Sanborn, Vail it Co; W F Mitchell.
' ' Fer Crescent City— Dodge. Sweeney it Co; Singer
Mfg Co: 3 C Johnson it Co; Wiel»nd Brewing Co:
Hllmer, Bredhoff it Schulz: Miller, sioss it scott S
B. Blake: Hobbs. Wall it Co: Standard Oil Co: J
Hoffman; SH Frank A Co: Thomas Loughran; D
TC Perkins: G«>tz Bros it Co; W A. I Sloane it Co;
Chicago Brewery; Enterprise Brewery: Steiner,
Strauss A Hyma'n; Geo W Alexander A Co. .' ; •
For lav Shipping Intelligence See. Thirteenth rape.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM jB&A-
O Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as JQt&aK :
follows:
For .Mary Island, Lorlnsr. Wraneel. Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at a. m., March 15. 25,
30, April 14. '29.
For Victoria and Vancouver (R. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle. Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
March 5, 10. In, Hi. 25. .•»). and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver with
the C. I. K. It.; at Tacoiua with N. P. K. R-,
at Seattle with G. N. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 P. m., M»rch -2, 6. 10, j
14. 18, '21. 2t>, 30, and every fourth day thereafter. |
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuco3, |
Port Ilarfor'i (Sao Luis Obispo). Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme. San Pedro. East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., March
4, x. 1V,;. 16, 20, '21, '28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Dieso. stoppin? only at Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo),- Santa Barbara, Fort Loj
Angeles, Bedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., March 2, 6, 10, 14, 18, '22, 26. 3D, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsouada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Pa 7.. Altata and Guayoias (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. M., April .'>■
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
re^"oODALL, PERKINS A CO., Gen'l Agents.
UOODALL, PERKINS Jt CO.. Oen'l Aeents.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
—-TO — —
VICTORIA, 8.C., and
: ; PUGET SOUND.
X*lx>art Class f&Q.OO
Beoond Class SSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — Jew Montgomery Street !
OOODALL, PERKINS A CO.'.
>.;■ Ueneral Agent*
O. I=B.- _dB3 IST-
ASTORIA ANpORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State of California 5ai15...... March 24 and April 3
Columbia sails..... ......March - J9 and April 8
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.
UOODALL, PERKINS .ft CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. UQNMOB, General Agent,
• 630 Market street.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. £\ days to
HAWAII, SAMOA, i^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Hi by
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. ALAMEDA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, April 2,
at 2 P. m.
- S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Tues.,
April 7, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
Line to COOLOARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
5. Afr. J. D SPKECKELS&BKOS. CO.. As;tB..
114 Montsomery st.
Freight Oflice, 3157 Market St., San Francisco. |
ROYAL MAIL STEAOACRET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL >MflU
fortnightly for the West Indies and '■IS&a
Boutbampton, . calling ~en : route at s. C' rbourgn,
France, and Plymouth to land passenger*.
Through bills of lading, in connection with the
Pacific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
■re to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 105: thirl
Ham, $97 ftO. For further particulars apply to
VABUOTT * CO., Agents,
■ ■ ■■■ ■• _ 308 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At 5 P. M, Daily, Kxcept Sunday. ■
tfJT Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMER :
T. C. Walker. J.D.Peters.
Mary Garratt, • City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. CM. Nay. and Impt. Co.
fALLEJO, Mr ISMM, *bemcia, PORT
I'OSTA Wi CROCKETT/.
■.-^■- STR. JIOXTICELLO, . '
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— l 3-30 a. M,
and 4' r. m. ; < Saturday, 12:30 noon-
•4».M.only. bond »y-»'.«- - = " "
,-■ J-»ndlug, Million I, tin 9*
OCEAN JBTBAMSmPS^
Spa™ geheral teahsitlasthib
■ T*rpncli-Liiiio to Havre.
nOMPA XVsPIBft (NE W). 42 NOKTII
(, ■ Kl ver, foot of Morton st. Trave era byfiggg
this line Avoid both transit oy English railway ;1 .. |
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
«rst-class*l6o: second-class, ?Üb.
; LATOUBAINE, Capt. 5ante11i. . . ..... „_„.
LA gaSCOONB; CapUßaudeion.^... ._^
LABRETAONE. Capt. Kupe....... ..^.. .....^
LABOUKGOGNK, Capt. LeDoeuf ...........
April _o, 9 .\. m
tST For further particu^ar ?f a^v to
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI 4 CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
KVPiiii". San ■ Francisco. *^^_..^_: .
RAILROAD travel:
MICTIIKRX 1-ACiIFIC COBPMI.
(PAC'IFIO BMMtti.)
Trnliik len»«« »n<l »•« «•"**? " nive »»
MAM fKAN«:iSCO;
leave - MAitcn 88, 18WL — aimi.vh
"~7:O«a Atlantic I"-! •:).:. ■ ,s, Ogk'ii and Kast.. B:J.lp
7:»OABenicii. Vacaviile. llurasoy. Sacra-.
••-:.-■ la-.nto.trdirrddingviaKavia.... -:I3p
7:0Oa Martinez, San Ccmon, wapa, Cali3-
tcgaandfcan'.altosr. 0:l-»P
•'• aiiOA 3«les, Sau^Jiwe, Stockton. lono.
Sacramento, Marysville. ltedJ. mil
and Sundays exceptt-d Oioville — .i :l>
Peters aud Milton : ••.••• «13*
9:OI»a Lo3 Angeles Express. Fresno, baata
Barbara and Los Angeles l:13p
9:OOa Martinez and Stockton ll i : * f 2 v
«:OOAVaHejo... •••:••; 2'\~ F
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Llvermore »:-!•> a
•1:OOp Sacramento River Steamers MI:00p
:«Op Port Costa and Way Stations 17:13?
4:0 Op Martinez, San Uamo.i. Vallejo,
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano and
SuntaUosa .'•• » : 15*
4 :OOp Benicia, liparto, Woodland
Knights Landing, Marj-sville
" !.\L«, ■ <)rovill« and Sacrament. XO:43a
4:3Oi> San Jose, Livermore and
Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Merced, Berenda, Raymond (for
Yoseraite) and Fresno 11:45 a
5:0«)P New Orleans Exiirt-t-j.l Bakers-
licld Santa Rixb»ra,Loa Angeles.
Deming, El Faao, How Orleans and
East ■'• 10:13 a
5:0«P Santa Fo Koute,/ Atlantic Kxpress
for Mojave and East 1O:15a
5:00p VaUejo 11:45 a
6:O«>i- European Msil, Ogdtn and Last.... »:Isa
6:«n>pllaywiirds, Nilisand San Joae ":ISa -
}7:«<> v Vallejo. • i,">p
7:00 p Oregon Impress, Sacramento, Marys-
ville, Betiding, ' Portland, Piigct
Hound and East.: 10:43 A
•"1 0:03p "Sunset limited," Fresno, Los
Anze'es, El Paso, New Orleans
and Eat* 1 *3p
SASTA <'UI / DIVISION (Xarroir (;.iugo.
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:osp
8:1 5a lSVn;irk.('eiiti'ivi:!.-,S:iii. lose. Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations , 8:5 Op
•2:15p Newark, CenterTillo, San Jose. New .
Aluiadeii, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ."•„-■,
Stations..... 'V?« A
■i:l3i' Newark, San Jose andl.os (Jatns.... »:30\
<:O.\ST lUVISION~(Hiir<I X Townscnd Sis.)
«:»."> a San Joso and Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1»45p
8:1 5 A San Jose, Tres linos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific Grove, Paso Robles, San . .
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:05 p
1O:IOa San Jose and Way Stations » 5:00 p
11:15 a Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
•2:30p San Jose, Gilroy, Tres Pino3, .? ta
Cruz, Salinas.Monterey and Pacflic
GroVe •••• *10:40 a
•a::«oi- San Josc'and Principal Way Stations U:47a
•4:: SOp San Jose anil Way Stations. **t:«(>A.
5:30p San Jose and Way Stations *»:ISa
<!::tOi' San Jose and W;<y Stations <>:.J3a
t11:45i- San Jose and Way Stations t«:4sp
* SAY LKA.NDKO AND lIAVWAU'JS H>« Al" "*
i*«:OOA "I " ( ,7='}^
8:OOA lO^il
1o:!!«a I Melrose, Seminary Park, h" : |5a
''•'•oor Fitchbnrg, San Leandrc \u\^
Ml and ; *•«*
4:OOp X 'y\'-\
5:O«p | ■ Hazards. «js|*
7:OOp I ■ »:1->P
«-oop I * Rots through to Nile*. 10.50P
Hll:15r) « From Niles^ [ ttia:OOP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SiN FRiNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7-15 0:CO 11:00 A.M. }l:00 *2:00 ' 13:00
•4:00 t5:00 *6:COr.M.'
FromOAKUKD-Footofßro-.dw»y.— *f>:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. U2:00 *1:00 t3:00 *3:00 t4:C3
"5:00 p.m. '
A for Morning. P for Afternoon. -
• Sundays executed. * Saturdays only.
J Sundays only. HTnesdaya only. ,-
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only. - -
SAN FRMCISCO & NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:4O, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. if. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. .
SDNDAVS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30,
5:00, 6:20 P. m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 A. m.;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1 :55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:10, 9:40, 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m:.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park same
schedule as above. '
Leave lnllfwf Arrive
San Francisco. j oc t ? 28. San Francisco.
Week Sdx- I)p iw, nn Sds- I Wkek
Days, I days. I destination. DAY 9 | DaY9
7:40 am 8:00 am i Novato, 10:40 am ; 8:50 ah
3:30 I'M 9:30 am; Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm, 6:15 v*
Fulton, .
7:40 am Windsor, 10:30 am
• - Healdsburg,
Geyservllle, - ?*£?.?•;
3:30 pm 8:00 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
l'i^ta.
Hopland A
7:40 am 8:00 am Ukiah. 7:30 6:15
7:40 am ; 10:30 am '
- 8:00 am Guerneville. 7:30 pm ■
3:30 pm .. j • I 6:15 FK
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma {10:40 am 8:50 am
5:10 pm 5:00 pm and I 6:05 pm; 6:15 pm
i ■ 1 Glen Ellen. | . | .! ....-V
7:40 am 8:00 AMi , eh ., tnnnl 110:40 am, 10:30 am
3:30 i-m 5:00 pm| s «*aBtopol. j 6:05 pm, 6:15 pm
. Stamps connect at San Rafael for Bolinas.
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers. \
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs,
Kelseyville, Lalceport. •
Stages connect at T'kiah for Vichy Springs, Blaa
Lakes, Laurel Dell, Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
wood, Mendocino City. Fort BraftK, Usal, Westport,
i Calito. Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joha
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, Scotia
and Eureka. :
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
•On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points ba-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAX.
.-•■,:• ■■•.• Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic
• Pacific
1 Trains leave from and arrive tf^^^p^j^LA-^iZi
at Market-Street Ferry. C&f2£&*7yS'*^l
SANTA FE EXPRESS
i To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
I Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carry ins J J?M™l"'
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to l n " ! **J
; via Kansas City without change. . Annex «■ lor
: Denver and St. Louis.
CHICAGO LIMITED.
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule " Train . Daily, with tuning-cars,
i under Harvey-s management. Connecting 'rams
i leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 5 '"• M a * l| y«
The best railway from California " tne h,asu
■ New rails, new ties"; no dust: interest^? scenery;
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dining-
cars. ■ - - ■■ ■ : *■■ ■-■•■. ••.. - • . .
Ticket Offlce-644 Markft street.
Chronicle HuiUlmg.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Frrry).
I'rom San Francisco, cnmim n -in< March 29, 189 6.
. WEEKDAYS. , _ „
For i Mill Valley and San Kufael — 7:00. *8-00
*9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. M.: 1:l5 « 3:.0, 4:15,
- 5:15. *o:0l». 0:35 P. M.
Extra trips ' for San ; Rafael on Mondays, Wednes- .'■
j days and Saturdays at 1 1 :30 "■ m.
. :. SUNDAY : t
: For Mill Valley and San KHfael-*8:i)0, *9:0'), :
-l(.:Ot(. 11 m.;**i^:3;. "1:^0. *2:15. *4:00
5:30, 6:45, 8:30 p. m. E.\ir> trip to S^usalitoat
'• 11:00 a. m. ■:■:•■■ • ■
Trains marked *. run to San Quentin. **12:3O
: p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
 THROUGH TRAINS. '
1:45 P. m. weekdays— Cazadero and way stations.
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations. 9 i
9:00 a. m. Kuaaays— Point Eeycs ana Way station^
■ / . •' 'Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
CANDY AND AN EXCURSION
Promise of a Man Who Has
Great Sympathy With the
Baby Burglars.
KETCHAM'S HIGH SCHOOL FIASCO
Chinese and Police in a Tug-of-War,
With Lottery Men on the
Short Eud.
Oak i.anp Office Sax Fraiwisoo Call,)
90S Broadway, Marco. 29. )
There, is one man in Oakland with a
herrrr.; • -His name is John T. Bell, who
;.e ox the moving spirits of the recent
exposition, and, althouuh there are others,
there are not many who would admit that
in their boyhood they -were on about the
same plane of boyishness on which the
four baby burglars now at the City Prison
are standing.
"I have a feeling of sympathy for those
young rascals," said Mr. Bell yesterday,
''and believe that if Chief Lloyd, with the
consent of Judge Wood, would spank
them and send them home the safety of
society will not be jeopardized. Later on
when they have added a decade or two to
their.ages it may be necessary, perhaps, to
round them up again and send them to
the penitentiary, but the spanking would
just about meet the needs for this occa
sion.; When I was a youngster 1 had the
same craving for candy which these little
fellows have (and which was seldom grati
fied), and also a desire to see a big city,
and when, at the age of 10, I was taken to
Quincy. li!., with its teeming, swarming
population of 20,000 and was given a whole
half-dollar with which to buy candy there
was not a happier boy in fourteen counties
than 1 was. And then, too, I was some
thing of a thief myself at the same tender
age.
"The first four-bladed knife I ever
possessed I stole from Bill King, a school
mate, and suffered an agony of remorse
for three days, when my crime was de
tected, and I joyfully endured two flog
cings, one at home and the other at school.
1 hope that Judge Wood will release these
embryo malefactors this time, and if
they Will hunt me up 1 will gladly provide
funds sufficient to pay their way over to |
San Francisco ana out to Golden Gate
Park and return, with a margin large
enough to buy all the candy they can eat
during the clay."
As Judge Wood will render his decision
to-morrow morning, Mr. Bell may be
called on to make good his promise.
Oakland can always be relied upon
to reach the extreme in any matter of gen
. eral interest. Whether it be in the pro- j
duction of juvenile criminals or juvenile
elopers or in any form of scandal or mys
.-tcTy,-this "hatchery of the unexpected"
always goes one better than her neighbors.
The latest extremity to be reached is that
of the power of the press. Editor Keichain
of the High School -iEgis is the offender,
and his suspension is of more than pass
ing interest. It is a second edition of the
troubles that fell upon the management of
Jo?k ■ few months ago. It is certainly
rig Jit that the High School should have a
magazine, for the good that it may do by
being circulated over the country is mani
festly great. It is certainly wrong that
the editor— a mere lad— should be able to
use his position for the purpose of showing
any personal ill feeling he may have-against
all* or any of the faculty.
If the iEgis were the personal property
of Ketcham he. could do with it as he
pleased and no one could interfere. But
as it is, the paper is owned by stockholders
and the editor is supposed" to have the
honor of the school so much at heart that
he would scorn to do anything to belittle
it in the eyes of the world. Ii every dis
satisfied pupil is to have the privilege of
, carrying on personal fights in .the editor
ial columns of the^Egis against the fac
ulty there must at once be an end of all
discipline and efficiency. Ketcham used
his power wrongly and is now suffering
the consequences. That is his case.
On the other hand, it would have been
far more praiseworthy if the lad had been
told outright that his manner of editing the
paper was distasteful to the faculty and
that he should adopt a different policy.
The claim made by Professor McChesney
that Ketcham was not standing high
"enough in studies is not altogether correct,
as several pupils have come to the front
who declare that their marks are lower
than Ketcbam's. It is this indirect method
of dealing that has brought several little
trouble? on the high school. There will
probably be some, radical changes at the
- election of teachers in June, as more
than one school director believes there is
j room for improvement in the faculty.
Th^e- : Chinese lottery dealers have en
tered into a tug-of-war with the Police
' Department. For a long time the attor-
n eys for the Chinese have been making ef
forts to defend their, clients by impugning
the motives of witnesses, demanding jury
trials and finally attacking the constitu
tionality of the court. Considerable in
genuity has been shown in these defenses,
but they have all been nullified, and now
nothing is left for the Chinese to do but to
pay their lines or go to jail. They have
L announced that they will go to jail rather
ptn'ith pay tines, and have also expressed a
I belief that the City Council will soon tire ;
I of paving $20 to a special detective for each !
| conviction, and that the warfare against
. lotteries will therefore die. The assump
tion of the lottery men is bad argument
and worse logic.
•-It is true that while they had Officer
Banks in their pay it did require a special
detective to insure asuccessiul raid. But I
.Banks has flown to the woods to escape all j
sorts of charges, and it is believed that the I
other officers are more honest and are do- j
ing their duty. As a matter of fact, very j
few convictions acainst Chinese have been I
obtained by men who have to be specially I
paid, nearly all the convictions being se
cured by the regular officers. This is one
reason why the Chinese argue badly. The
City Council is hardly likely to com
promise its dignity by -refusing to nay
r a conviction under one of its own
ordinances. That is execrabh 1 logic. Again,
the dealers.' who are arrested are'in many
instances men of wealth,, and occasionally
a:> emissary of "Big Jim" from San Fran
cisco is caught. For tue sake of a hundred j
dol.ars these men are not likely to go to ;
jail. For every one of this class that is j
convicted the cost of several other cases
v.iH Le paid, and as the rich class are in !
the majority the future for the Chinese
lottery dealers is not very roseate, unless—
there'is a change in the office of Chief of
Police. -""■• -•;-- t . L. W. B.
SECOND WARD REPUBLICANS.
The Three Clubs Will : Probably Be
, Merged Into On«.
OAKLAND, Cal.\ March 29,— Over 100
Kepublicans of the Second Ward attended
'■■■ meeting at Milton Hall Saturday even
i:i£, called by Fred A. Campbell, president
of the "Old" Second Ward Republican j
Club. Mr. Campbell acted as chairman.
He stated that the object of the gathering }
was to take steps which should result in j
there being but one Republican club In j I
dree ward instead of three. He asked F. R. i
•Sorter to discuss the question at issue. <
-Mr. .Porter spoke of * the I*Bo6 "Second '
\\ard Republican Club," of which he is i
president. He alluded to another organi
zation, the "Rejj-jlar Republican Club of <
the Second Ward,' of which P. M. Fisher (
is president Then he referred to the J i
"old" club. He said that in 1894 he was
chairman of the committee on permanent
organization of that club, and he thought
that his committee reported in favor of a
life of six months for the club. Still it
mieht be true that the report adopted
ordained that officers should remain in
authority until their I) successors were
elected and qualified. If this latter idea
was correct then the F. R. Porter club and
the P. M. Fisher club might be deemed
interlopers.
C. A. Fawcett, C. A. Tabor and Morti
mer Smith contended that the "old ' club
was dead. It was urged on their part that
the minutes of that organization would
show that at its last meeting it adjourned
sine die. However, the point was ad
vanced that those minutes were not now
in existence presumably.
Finally L. S. Matberson, assistant secre
tary of the "old' 1 club, was installed as
secretary. On motion, the chair appointed
a committee of five to ascertain the status
of the "old" club and report progress at
a subsequent meeting. As such commit
tee he appointed F. R. Porter, J. S.
Wixson, Mortimer Smith, William Hart
and J. A. Colquhoun. The committee
will meet at 2 o'clock next Thursday after
noon.
Death of Mrs. Miller.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 29.— Mrs.
Einnim Miller, the wife of|C. O. G. Miller,
died this morning. Mr. Miller |is the
treasurer of the Pacific Gas Improvement
Company of San Francisco. The deceased
was well known in society, and was 27
years of age.
The New Grand Stand at the Oakland Trotting Park, Which Will Be Completed and Ready for Formal
Opening on the Occasion of the Fabiola May Day .Fete. The Portraits Are Those of Some of the
Ladies and Gentlemen Who Are Working to Make the Affair a Social and Financial Success.
STUDENT MASS-MEETING
Berkeley Collegians Will Discuss
the Eastern Track Athletic
Proposition.
College Republican Club to Be Formed.
Decoration for Dr. Holden
From Venezuela.
BERKELEY, Cal., March;:*).— A mass
meeting of the student body of the State
University will be held to-morrow after
noon for the purpose of considering the
proposition of sending the athletic team
East again this summer. Track Captain
Merwin and Manager Friend will address
the meeting and wiil lay before the stu
dents certain plans which they have in
mind for the raising of the finances requi
site to make tne trip a possibility. Some
thing in the neighborhood of $5000 will be
necessary to take a full complement of
men across to the Atlantic and return in a
proper manner. Last year's trip cost up
ward of $:J6OO, but the itinerary was not so
long as is planned for this year and the
team was lacking in two men to make a
full complement for all the track and field
events.
Manager Friend has already made are
rangements for the raising of a portion of
the sum desired. Seven hundred dollars
has been guaranteed by certain Middle
West colleges providing meets arc held
with them on the dates agreed upon. The
Berkeley co-eds will give the surplus of
their basket-ball game with Stanford on
the 4lh prox. 10 the athletic fund, and
various other benefits, such as a big field
day in San Francisco prior to their de
-s»arture, have been arranged for. Manager
feels absolutely certain that the
necessary money can be raised, if not
through field days and the like, through
the generously inclined citizens of Califor
nia, who appreciate the honor which the
team of "96 brought to the State.
Captain Bierwtlj states that the team
this year will be equally as good as that
of last year, if not somewhat better.
The only place the team is Xt all weak is
in the apnnt.s and middle distances. They
are far stronger in the weights than last
season, and they have a pole vaulter,
which was lacking in 'fto. Edgren isdoing
better work with the sixteen-pound ham
mer even' week. Yesterday in practice he
hurled it 148 feet, thus exceeding by about
four feet anything lie has done hitherto,
even in practice, uoth the captain and
manager nave strong hopes that some of
the new men now worKing in the short
distances will show up well enough by
May 1 to be taken along. Scoggins ami
Barnes, the 100-yard men of '95, are greatly
missed.
The meeting to-morrow afternoon will
include the entire university, and on ac
count of there being no room in the main
buildings large enough to hold the assem
blage the gymnasium will be used.
Honor for Dr. Holden.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 29.— Dr. Ed
ward S. Holden, director of the Licit Ob
i servatory, has recently received from the
Minister of Foreign Affairs of the United
States of Venezuela the diploma and dec
oration of the Order of Bolivar the Lib
erator. The order was founded in 1854 by
Venezuela. It is bestowed in this ca^e for
services to science.
Dr. Holden has previously received the
decoration of Commander of the Ernestine
Order of Saxony, founded in 1690, on t*e
same grounds.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
WORKING FOR FABIOLA
The Artistic Grand Stand Will
Be Completed by
Mayday.
PARADE AND BICYCLE RACES.
All the County Towns Have Been
Invited to Participate in the
Great Floral Festival.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway. March 29. )
The directors of the California Jockey
Club at the trotting park have promised
that the new grandstand shall be in
readiness and be at the disposal of the
directors of the great Fabiola Festival to
be held in May.
The grandstand will Be entered from the
park and will present the view as shown
in the illustration, with the tankhouse to
the right and the clubhouse farther in the !
background. The 'park comprises twelve
acres of land and will be laid out in land- !
scape garden style, with miniature lakes
and tropical plants. In each corner of the
grounds will be a small Grecian temple
and one in the center. A historic feature
will be the preservation of the judges'
stand in which General Grant held the
watch when St. Julian made a world's rec
ord. The central entrance to the park will I
be for carriages, with footpaths on either I
side.
The grandstand is 240 feet long and 100
feet wide. From the pagoda there is a
view of the Golden Gate and fifteen miles
out at sea when the weather is clear. For
utility the stand will be occupied by two
water tanks connecting the pumping
plant and supplying four hose reels, one
on each floor in case of lire. Work has
begun on the tankhouye, which will bo
supplied with an electric pumping and
lighting plant in the basement. The pad
dock will be m imitation adobe, with a
tiled roof, and will be in the Mexican
style of architecture. The erection of the
clubhouse will be begun later.
The work of the fete Is now well in hand,
and there is no doubt that it will greatly
eclipse the festival of last year.
The affair is in charge of the following
committees: Executive — William R. Da
vis, president; P. H. Remillard, vice-pres
ident; H. O. Trowbridge, treasurer; J. A.
Colquhoun, secretary; A. B. Tennant.
assistant secjetary ; 11. M. Fitzgerald,
P. E. Bowles, \V. Frank Pierce, J. P. Tay
lor, W. M. Rank, W. v. Witcher, George
F. Seece. riurdle races — 1\ E. Bowles.
Fioral decorations — P. E. Bowles. A. S.
McDonald, W. G. Henshaw. D. Edward i
| Collins. Music— P. H. Remillard, W. V.
| Witcher. Grounds— R. M. Fitzgerald, W.
W. Foote, P. K. Bowles, George F. Neece.
I Wheeling event*— George P. Neece, Al
| Swain, Charles Grillitha. Publicity— -P. H.
I Remillard, H. P. Trowbrulce, *W. V.
Witcher. Revenue— J. P. Taylor. W. M.
Rank, H. O. Trowbridge. Finance— W. V.
I Witcher, P. H. Remillard J. P. Taylor .
Every town in the county has been
i asked to participate and it ifl expected that
' they will ail Bend a float. Appeals to par- '<
j take In the erect have seen sent I >y Beere
• tary Colonel Colquhoun to the following:
i Alameda— The Board of Trustees; Berke
ley — The Board of Trustees; Ehnhurst —
! A. L. Stone, H. L. Hurst; San Loandro—
; W. J. Landers, S. Huff. B. C. Hawes; Han
j Lorenzo— Harry W. Meek, C. 8. King;
; Hay wards— Grove Roberts, J. Dahl; Niles
— C. B. Overacker, J. E. Thane, James
Shims; Mission San Jose— C. C. Mclver,
' James Stanley; Irvinzton— Juan Galleeo?; \
Warm Springs— Will Beard; Centerville—
i T. C. Huxley, Dr. C. Alien; Alvarado—
; W. F. Barton, Mrs. <;. \\ . Patterson; Liv- i
! ermore — H. H. Pitcher, G. W. Langan;l
i Pleasanton — Louis Crellin and Will Harris.
Thero will be hurdle ruce3 and bicycle
j events after the parade and a number of
' novelties. The committee has appropri-
I ateu $000 for prizes for the bicycle events.
Next Tuesday morning the Ladies'
Auxiliary, of which Mrs. John Yule is
president, will hold a raeetini', and in the
evening will report their plans to the gen
eral committee.
Meeting of Tradesmen.
BERKELEY, Cai-.. March 29.— The
mass-meeting of the local tradesmen,
which has been called for to-morrow even
ing at Pythian Hall, givos promise of call
ing forth a great number of mechanics
who are connected with the various busi
ness trades. The object of the meeting is
primarily to discuss the recent painters'
strike in t?au" Francisco and to bring the
wageworkers into closer relationship, so
that their efforts along the line of ad
vancement and reform may be more
effective. It is the intention of those most
prominently connected with the calling of
the meeting to organize an association
which will include in its scope all the
building trades of Berkeley.
Extension Courses.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 29.— The
University of California announces the
followingcourses of University Extension
Lectures, free to the public, during the
spring term of 1896, at the Mark Hopkins
Institute of Art, corner of California and
Mason streets :
German— Goethe's "Faust," six critical expo
sitory readings by Professor Putzker. Tuesday
afternoons, beginning March 24, at 4
o'clock.
Mathematics— "Some Historical Problems of
Mathematics." six lectures by Associate Pro
fessor Haskell. Saturday mornings, beginning
March 28, at 10 o'clock.
Correspondence regarding Extension
Courses should be addressed to William D.
Armes. secretary for University Extension,
University of California, Berkeley.
College Republican League.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 29.—Follow
ing the meet ing of the Associated Students
to-morrow afternoon to discuss the Eastern
athletic venture t!ie College Republican
Club will be organized. The club will be
similar to that, formed in 1592 and will be
organized for the same purpose— that of
doing what is possible for the Republican
candidate for the Presidency of the United
j States in the coming campaign.
JUDGE ELLSWORTH HURT.
His Arm Broken in a Driving
Accident at Alameda
Yesterday.
The Wheelmen to Have a Lantern
Parade — A Young Man's Mar
riage Record.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 29.— Judge
Ellsworth met with an accident to-day at
noon by which he sustained a fracture of
his left arm above the elbow. The Judge
is a lover, in a quiet way, of a good horse,
and lias a couple of fair steppers which he
is wont to drive out down on the speed
track at such hour? as his arduous duties
may spare him from the bench. Yester
day he put a big bay colt through his
paces and showed those who think they
have speedy goers that he was well along
with the procession. In coming home, on
Central avenue, the colt stumbled and
fell. The Judge was driving in n road
cart, and was thrown violently out on the
hard macadam. When picked up and ex
amined by a physician it was found that
his left arm had been broken above and
near the elbow. It is a bad fracture. In
setting it it was found necessary to take
out a piece of bone that had been splin
tered. There is some fear that the arm
will be stiff when it heals. It is certain
that the accident, will serve to keep the
magistrate off the bench for some weeks to
come.
Alainnda Wheelmen,
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 29.— Captain
Dodd of the Alameda Cyclers would like
to get up a lantern pa r ade and entertain
ment to take place early in May. The
streets of Alameda being generally and
perfectly macadamized would afford un
usual opportunities for a wheel display
with CfiUMM lantern features, it has
been settled that the finish of the annual
relay race shall be at Morton street, on
Central avenue. The races will turn off
the San Leandro road at High street, which
leads straight through the easterly end of
the town. They will turn thence west on
Central avenue, which is broad and ad
mirably paved and without cartracks or
any obstruction.
Too Much Married.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 29.— 8. C. Aus
tin Jr. is in doubt as to his matrimonial
status. Fanr.io Oneuia Austin was re
cently granted a divorce from him in a San
Francisco court, and the trial disclosed the
fact that another woman in Colorado
claimed hi 3 name. The evidence went to
snow that the Colorado woman was mar
ried to Austin in Carson City on June 21,
18()o. A ceriitied record was produced
showing this state of things to exist,
though Austin denied it. Austin's legiti
mate wife, who has just been awarded a
divorce, learned of the tacts through re
ceiving a letter from the Colorado woman.
Things are, therefore, becoming interest
ing for Mr. Austin.
Kailroml Commuters Complain.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 29.-Corn
inuter.s on the narrow-gauge railroad com
plained recently to Division Superintend
ent Fiilniore that crowds of rough and
boisterous boys have been permitted to
stand on the rear platforms of the cars,
blocking the way of the other passengers.
A prompt reply has been given, and the
conductors are now under orders not to
permit anybody to ride on the platforms, j
HORSE FLESH FOR FOWLS
People Using It Have Cornered
the Egg and Chicken Mar
ket at Fruitvale.
COMPELLED TO SELL CHEAP.
One Rancher Says That the Horse Is a
Clean Animal, and Its Flesh, if
Healthy, Is Desirable.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 29. )
The chicken ranchers who feed their
stock on horseflesh have cut the knees of
those who feed the usual food, and there is
trouble at Fruitvale.
In the Fruitvale district lying between
Lynn and the terminus of Peralta avenue
are numerous chicken ranches varying in
size from one to five acres. Until the last
few months they have been a source of
profit to the owners of the once peaceful,
quiet neighborhood. Now all this is
changed.
The trouble commenced when an en
terprising Portuguese saw a profitable
speculation for himself, and obtained a
small ranch on Nichol avenue not far dis
tant from the Hermitage. Here he lo
cated and started up Btarving or disabled
horses and opened up a slaughter-house.
Then he proceeded to offer the chicken
raisers the meat at such cheap rates that
it proved a great temptation, and the ma
jority of them have found its use a bo
nanza. A whole carcass can be bought
for $1, or smaller portions at like rates.
This haa enabled the dealers to increase
their 6tock of poultry and eggs so that
they are now cheaper than ever. The
places where horseflesh is used the chick
en-raisers are receiving 11 cents in market
for their eggs, which are retailed at 12)4
cents a dozen.
Those who are opposed to using the
horseflesh as chicken food and compelled to
compete with these prices, say chickens are
■without profit, as wheat, corn and scrap
meat cost too much to feed hens whose
eges bring only 11 cents a dozen in the
market.
The consequence is that chicken ranches
for sale in Fruitvale are numerous.
Those who want to sell out are indig
nant at those who introduced the horse
meat into the vale, and those who buy it
are pleased to find a food so cheap and
egg-producing. The horse-dealer now
slaughters from eight to fifteen animals
every week, and disposes of every pound
of it in Fruitvale and vicinity. The bones
also find treir place of usefulness in the
poultry business. It is either burnt for
the lime it contains or crushed as egg food.
One of the largest chicken-raisers is
located on Peralta avenue, two blocks from
the Finch Orphanage. He owns 1500 lay
ing pullets, healthy looking, and their
main diet is cooked horsemeat. An acre
sowed In alfalfa supplies the green food re
quired.
The owner, who is a very intelligent man
from Maryland, said : "I have four acres
of land and I lino every foot of it profita
ble in my poultry business.
"As for horseflesh for food I can see no
objections to it when the animals are
healthy, for there is no cleaner animal
than a horse, especially in the selection of
iis food. This notion against it is only
prejudice and in a short time it will wear
away. Chickens are naturally dirty in
preference of food and if they always eat
things as clean and wholesome as horse
meat no one need complain."
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Oakland* I.o<ig?B All IVlnke Flattering
Reports.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 29.-Oak!and
Lodge No. 103, K. of P., meets every Fri
day night at Twelfth and Franklin streets,
Oakland. Visitors to 103 always receive a
cordial welcome. At its last session this
lodge conferred the amplified rank of
Knight, with the aid of its celebrated
team, on three esquires. As usual with
Oakland Lodge the Castle Hall was
thronged with its members and visitors
from sister lodges, all of whom compli
mented tue officers and team for the artis
tic and impressive manner in which the
rank was conferred. This lodge during
the present term has added ten new names
to its roster and several applications ;ire in
sight, which portends a good-sized boom
before the close of this term.
Oakland Lodge is continually add
ing new features to their method of con
ferring the several ranks. Only a short
time ago they purchased a powerful stere
opticon lantern with views and incidents
in the lives of Damon and Pythia?;
their latest addition neing an orchestra,
consisting of Professors Bonham, Merritt,
Bernstein and Aiello, masters of the piano,
cornet, violin and clarionet.
Live Oak No. 17 meets every AVednesday
night at Twelfth and Franklin streets. On
the night of March 18 this lodge conferred
the knight rank on Esquires Bingham and
Arnott.
Piedmont No. 172 meets every Monday
night at Twelfth and Franklin streets.
Liberty Division No. 11, Uniform Bank, is
one of tise latest attractions to the sessions
of Piedmont Lodge.
Amazon Lodge No. ISI meets every Mon
day night at Twenty-third avenue, East
Oakland. The entertainment and smoker
given by this lodge on the night of Ala.eh
16 was a complete success in every detail.
Alarneda Nol 49 and BrooKlyn No. 32 at
tended in a body and several w^re present
from Oakland No. 10;-$, Live Oak No. 17,
Miss Eileen McCurrie and Her Sister Sylvia. Who Danced at the Armory Hall
Entertainment on Saturday for the benefit of the Alameda Poor People.
[Drawn by a "Call" artist from photographs.}
Auction Bales
GEO. F. LAISOff, AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4lo Kearny Street.
Important Furniture and Carpet Auction Sale.
THIS DAY,
Monday March 30, 1896.
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
816 Suttor Street.
I WILL SELL
THE ELEGANT FURNITURE,
Carpets and Folding Beds.
Contained in Thirty Handsomely Furnished
Apartments,
....comprising ...
One Magnificent Bteinwav Piano, cost $950. and
a great variety odd pieces Parlor Upholstery,
Turkish .Easy Chairs. Reception Chairs, Ladles'
Rockers, Couches, Divans and Lounges in fine
covers.
Twelve hundred yards of Body Velvet, Moqnet,
Body Brussels and Tapestry Carpets In fine condi-
tion; very desirable patterns. Elegant Mirror-
front Folding Beds, Klegant Oak Chamber Sets.
Wardrobes, extra Oak Cheval Bureaus, Tables
and Desks: fine Walnut Furniture in dining-
room; Sideboards, Kxtenslon Tables, Dining
Chairs, extra Mattresses, Kerldinst, Pictures: great
variety of dining-room requisites; kitchen articles,
etc. Terrus cash.
GEO. F. LAMSON', Auctioneer.
FIRE IMERTOTERS' SALE.
Carpets! Linoleum! Carpets!
At 773 Market St., near Fourth.
On .Monday, the 30th Day of March, 1896,
And continuing every day at 11 a. m., for account
of the Pacific Coast Fire Underwriters, we will sell
balance of Furniture and 20,000 yards of Carpet
and Linoleum; also a lot of Clothing.
INDIANA AUCTION COMPANY.
B. M. BIKDSELL, Proprietor.
H. J. LEUTIIOLZ, Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE,
319-331 Sutter Street, above Grant aye.
THIS DAY.
Monday March 30, 1896,
At 10:30 a. m., at salesroom,
I will sell a large line of Parlor, Bedroom. Library,
Dininc-room and Kitchen Furniture of all grades:
also fiOO yards (arppt.
Also At 1909 BaKKR STREET, at If.k, the
Eleßnut Furnishings ot a6-KoomFlut, consisting
of Fine Household Goods in oak and wal nut.
.S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
ROIILLY fiUIDJGCTIOI SALE
M. J. SIMMONS AUCTION CO. (INC.)
Salesroom 1057 and 1059 Market St.
WILL SELL OX
TUESDAY March 31, 1896,
at 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
1719 Bush St., bet. Gough and Octavia,
By order of Walter M. Castle Esq., on account of
departure for Europe,
All of the Magnificent anil Gorgeous
Parlor, Chamber. Library and
Dining-Itoom Furniture,
Piano. Bric-n-brac. on Paintings and Engravings.
Beddine, Lace Curtains, Portieres and Carpets
rontai*'-d in the above handsomely furnlsiied 11-
-room residence.
11. S. KOZMIXBKV, Auctioneer.
N. B.— House open for inspection on Monday,
March 30, 1896, from 10 a. m. to 4p. k. See de-
scrlptivp advertisement in Tuesday's paper.
Piedmont No. 172 and University No. 162.
The following programme was rendered:
Address of welcome, G. C. ; violin solo, R.
Cragrin ; E. J., accompanist; address, H.
Schaffner, G. K. R. S.; recitation, H. H.
Coiby; guitar solo, A. A. "Wynanham;
vocal solo. V. R. Cra«in; trio, violin,
'cello and piano, Hambleton, Gracin and
Koenig; address, \N . P. Dillon; vocal solo,
V. Gilowen; address, H. B. Smith; vocal
solo, M. G. Curtis; address, Professor
Miskip; vocal duet, Wynanham and Cur
tis, with guitar accompaniment; violin
solo. V. R. Cragin; recitation. Hambleton;
closing ode.
Crowds to Hear Sankey.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 29.— Several
thousand people who attempted to hear
Ira D. Sankey to-night at the Tabernacle
"were disappointed, owing to the great
crowd that tilled the big building. Not
since General Booth was in this city has
such an enormous aggregation of people
been assembled as gathered in the vicinity
of Twelfth slid Harrison streets to-nisht.
The meeting was held under the auspices
of the Young Men's Christian Association,
and au attempt was made to raise $3000 to
lift the deot off the Oakland Corps. There
was some response, but the amount
promised will not be known for a few
days. Secretary McCoy delivered a short
address and Mr. Sankey spoke of the
Young Men's Christian Association work
and his travels with Mr. Moody. All the
churches were closed so that the members
could hear the evangelist.
A Bicyclist Dies of Injuries.
OAKLAND, Cat.., March 29.— G. W.
Kmmons, an employe of the Southern
Pacific Company, died at Fabiola Hos
pital to-day. Several days nco Eromons
was stuck between two parts of a train at
I'eralta street. The train was being
switched, and he tried to ride between the
two parts, but was caught between them.
The deceased was about 25 years old.
Women need on the average about nine
tenlhs the nourishment requisite for men.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Furniture, Book and General Auc-
tioneers, 31 and 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 5181.
TO-MORROW.
Tuesday ..^..-. ....March 31, 1898,
At 11 o'clock a. m., we will sell
At 1600 Fell t.. corner Central are.
(Take Hayes-street cars.)
A Large Residue of Very Elegant Par-
lor Upholstery, Royal Wilton Carpets,
Fine Dining-Ronm Furniture, Irish'
Point Lace Curtains, Elegant Oak
Bedroom Furniture, Bed Linen,
French China Dinner and Tea Sets,
Silver-Plated Ware. Etc.,
Comprising In part:
DRAWING-ROOM— Klegant Oak Rockers in
Silk Upholstery, Tan Back Easy Chairs, Ham-
mered Brass .Reception Chairs, Rattan Rockers,
Irish Point Lace Curtains and Brass Poles.
DINING-ROOM— One Massive Oak Extension
' Table, 1 Very Elegant Oak Sideboard with French
Plate Mirror-Back, 1 set of Handsome Oak Dining
Chairs, finest of Haviland China Dinner and Tea
Sets, silver-plated Ware, best of Glassware and
Cutlery.
HALL— One Magnificent Oak Mirror-Back Hall
Stand, with Genuine Leather-Covered Settee, 2
Finely Carved Oak Hall Chairs.
LIBRARY— Oak Leather-Seat Library
Chairs, Adjustable Lounges, Oak Tables, etc.
BKDROOM— Fine Oak Chamber Sets, best of
Spring and Curled-Hair Mattresses. Feather Bol-
sters and Pillows, Mission Blankets, Sheeting;
New Home sewing Machine.
•"KlTCHKX— Linoleum, Patent Table, Agate and
Tinware and many other useful articles.
Also
The Very Elegant Royal Wilton and Moquette
Carpets.
NOTE— We respectfully call attention to the
above sale. The Furniture, Carpets, etc, are
same as new, having been purchased within one
year from W. J. Kloane & Co.
EDWARD S. bPEAR & CO., Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter street
REAL ESTATE
Auction Sale
BY
C.ILUMMCO,
Real Estate Agents, Rent Collectors
and Auctioneers.
AT OUR SALESROOMS,
14 Montgomery St., Near Market.
As Per Catalogue, on
MOXDAY March 30, 1896,
At 12 O'clock M.
Two Probate Sales
By Order of Administrators.
(1) Brannan-street Lot.
X W. line of Brannan st., 80 feet SW. of 4th, 2Sx
70 feet; street accepted.
(2) Twenty-fourth- street Business Lo-
cation.
206 2ith st., N. side, 100 feet E. of Alabama:
blacksmith-shop in front and cottage of 2 rooms in
rear; lot 25x104 feet; street accepted; rent ?14;
must be sold to close an estate.
BY INDIVIDUALS.
Page Street, Near Market. v
129 and 131 Page St., and 136 and 1361/2 Rose
»ye.. bet. Gough and Octavia sts.: 2 bay-window
houses of 6 rooms and bath each: 2 flats of 4 and 5
rooms each: brick foundation, etc.; rent $72 50;
i lot 27:6x120; 2 frontages.
Store and Flat on 18th Street.
3980 and 3982 18th St., north side, bet. Sanchez
i and Noe; 2-story bay-window building in.store,
I and 3 living-rooms and bath, and rial of 5 rooms
i and oath; brick foundation, etc.; lot 25x100 feet;
rent $35.
Clinton Park Lot. : :.:; :
South side of Clinton Park; 130 feet E of Dolores
ft.: 25.\7ftfeet; this is within 100 feet of Market,
Dolores and Ridley sts.
Turk Street Investment.
1519 Turk St., bet. Steiner and Pierce: 2-story
house of 4 rooms and bath in upper, part; lower
part of house unfinished; stable, stone walks:
street accepted by city: present rent $20 per
month: front part, of lot vacant; 2 stores and 4
flats would make this a very good paying invest-
ment; lot 45x137 :6 feet.
Business Corner on Polk Street.
NE. corner Polk and Pine sts.; 3-story building
In store and living-room, and lodging-house above;
total #,-nt $100 per month; lot 20x62:6 feet.
Choice Bush-Street Residence Lots.
North side Bush St., 220 feet west Of Lagnna
St., 27:6x1*7:6 feet. . Street accepted by the city.
Polk Street, Near Market.
Nos. 11, 13a and 13b Polk St., bet. Market and
Hayes sts.: substantial 3-stury- uay-wlr.aow bul'd-
! ing in 2 stores, with living rooms and modern
lodging-house of 18 rooms above; rent $120 per
month; lot 30x100.
Mission Residence in Warm Belt. .'
No. 1034 Fair Oaks St., west line, south of 25th
St.: first street west of Guerrero-st. Electric road
and 1% blocks south of 2-Uh-st. branch of Mission-
st. electric road: nice bay-window residence of 8
rooms and bath; brick foundation, ail modern Im-
provements and conveniences; lot 25x125. ." ■: :;
f_, '.'■' Post Street, Down Town.
Nos. 918 and 020 Post St., north Bide, between
Hyde and Larkin sts.: 2 substantial bay-window
rials of 8 and 7 rooms :'ad bath each; brick founda-
I tion, stone walks, etc.; lot 25x137:6; rent $65 per
month.
Mission Residence Lots.
Two level lots, each 25x100 feet, situated on the
W. line of Sanchez St., distant 26:6 feet N. of
Elizabeth, being only one short block from the
Twenty-fourth-st. electric road; ready to build on.
Fremont St., Near Folsom.
Nos. 343 anu 345 Fremont st., . bet. Folsom and
Harrison; 2 houses and lot 62x137:6 feet: rent
$59 60; mortgage of $8500 in Han Francisco Say
ings Union can remain if desired.
Ashlmry Heights Flats.
Nos. 8 and 10 Tremont aye., E. side, S. of Waller
St., first street W. of Ashbury; 2 bay-window flats
of 6 and 6 rooms and bath each; brick founda-
tions, etc.: rent $40: lot 27:4^^^1:3 feet: If de-
sired owner would , like to remain 1 year as tenant.
Marine View Residence. .
No. 1009 Green st., bet. Jones and Leavenworth;
nice and substantial 2-story and basement hay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath: brick
foundation, etc. ; stone walks; -street bitiiminized
and accepted by the city; lot 25x137:6 feet: mort-
gage of $3000 can remain if desired: commands
unobstructed marine view; near Hyde and also
Union st. cable roads.
Cozy Mission Cottage.
, No. 410 Duncan St., north side, between Church
and .Sanchez; first street south of 27th St.; cozy
cottage of 5 rooms and hath, etc.; lot 2-Ixlos feet;
iiear Guerrero and 29th-st. electric cars.
£lizaheth-st. Building Lota-.
South line of Elizabeth St., distant 125 feet east
of Douglass; 52x114 feet: as a whole or In 2 equal
subdivisions: this property is only one short block
from ■ 24thst. electric road and. iy 3 blocks from
Castro-st. cable road ; street work done complete.
Call at our office and get any further particulars
desired and catalogue.
C. H..UMBSEN& CO., Auctioneers,
14 Montgomery st.
flr%"W' si I A ■
K3Ws»£^s^r m\ t^s^>r
'f&RNYST m
IS •. THE VERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and fit tnem to I Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of his own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My suc-
cess has been due to the merits of my work. • '-.■: -
Office Hours— l 2 to 4 p.m.-: '-'::
COSMOFOIiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., San
Francisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel la
the city. ■ Board and room, *1, $1 25 and $1 50 per
day, according to room. Meals 25c. Rooms, 500
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
Look for the coach bearing the name of tho Cos-
mopolitan Hotel. -,\VM. I'AHEY, Proprietor
aJ)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KEABJTT ST. Established
| in 1854 for the treatment of Private
' Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
k disease wearing on bodyandmindand
Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
I others fall. Try him. - Charges low.
l uar nnt *«■«!. Call or write.
Dr. S, F. «*f BBQII. Box 1937. San Francisco.
1112
FEAST OF THE PASSOVER.
First Day's Service and Celebra
tion at the Bush-Street
Temple.
The Edifice Was Beautifully Decorated j
With Flowers aud Appropriate
Emblems.
The first day of the feast of the Passover
was celebrated by the Congregation Ohabai
Bhalome in the Bush-street Temple by two
services yesterday. The morning service >
was most impressive, and the interior of j
the edifice was beautifully decorated with j
flowers and emblems symbolic of the de- ;
liverance of the Israelites out of bondage, i
Dr. Fryer's sermon was most appropriate
|O the occasion, and an unusually attract
ive musical programme was rendered.
The evening service, called the Sadr
night, was an innovation in this part of
the country, and was held in the large
lecture-room of the temple. Tables were
spread with a feast of good tbincs and the
school children of the temple partook of
them while listening to stories of the Jew
ish people in Esypt^ A choir composed of j
youig people of "the temple rendered selec- ■
rions from appropriate musical composi- j
tions during intermissions.
When the feast was almost finished Dr.
Fryer read selections from the Scriptures,
and after each verse the children re
sponded in concert with a refrain pre
viously committed to memory.
The'arrangement of the lecture- room for
this service was most pleasing. The lec
ture platform was a ma-s oi flowers and
the walls of the room were hung with gar
lands. The tvo tables were long enough)
to seat about fifty children each and were :
decorated with light-colored blossoms. \
The ladies of the temple waited on the
Children and saw that all were properly i
attended to. The children were highly j
delighted at the novelty of participating at |
the service, and wi:h their bright faces and
pretty costumes formed a plea?in^ picture, j
The feast of the Passover is a feast of j
gladness and pleasure, although tilled with ,
solemnity when giving thanks to the Cre- j
ator for the blessings of liberty. It is j
these features that make the celebration so i
full of interest and give it an aspect that
can be appreciated by the children.
This morning at 10 o'clock Dr. Fryer,
by special request, will preach a sermon in
German. An excellent musical pro
gramme is pronr'sed that will be under
the direction of Cantor Meyerson.
JOAQUIN'S STAGE DEBUT
It Was Made Just a Quarter of a
Century Ago at Dietz's
Opera-House,
The Occasion Was a Benefit Tendered.
to the Veteran Editor, Calvin
B. Mac Donald.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 29.— Calvin B. I
Mac Donald has written an article in his I
paper this week that tells of Joaquin Mil- I
ler's debut on the stage. It is exactly a
quarter of a century since the hermit
poet of Fruitvale appeared at Dietz's j
Opera-house.
"Oakland was then, in 1371, only a large
village," says Mr. Mac Donald, "but it con
tained some people of large intellectual j
stature and considerable financial conse- i
quenre — Durant, Felton, Tompkins, Ross
Browne, the Le Conies, Shattuck, Pardee,
Mor.-e, Dr. Hamilton, Walsworth, Mrs.
M. K. Blake, and others of much note.
Although there were only eight or ten
thousand inhabitant* when, through the
personal influence ol Mrs. Biake, I w:is
fiven a complimentary benefit at Braytoii
[all, now Dietz's Opora-hou«e, there was !
an audience of 1100, each with half a dollar j
and not one deadhead. Mrs. Blake, the
manager, made all the clergymen, profes
sors aud newspaper men come down with
the dust, and I myself, Cae benet.ciary, had
to pay half a dollar to get in. Next day I
was rich as a Jew, with nearly $.%0. That
incident was reported in the East, and
opened to me the most eminent situation
in the Middle "West. That was what the
powerfully executive Mrs. Blake did for
me, and !t was by no means the last of her
good voiks.
"That was the occasion of Joaquin
Miller's first appearance on the stage. He
was cur star performer, and a young liter
ary lion with an unbounded popularity
whom the ricli ladies used to come in ti:eir
carriages and take away to dinner and to
hear his poems. Mr. Miller deserved all
the friendly attentions and admiration he
obtained in the then town of Oakland
afterward in the great world's oapual,
Lond&n. He is one of the true America:)
poets who, as such, will survive, i hope
he may long continue to illuminate the
romantic eminence where he has made
his home; where in due time he may be
honorabiy cremated and have his ashes
inurned in democratic terra cotta and
planted in full view of the shiniiiLj gate
that opens out to the great South Sea."
MAKES A RECORD.
Edgren Succeed)) in Throwing the Ham
mer One Foot Further Than Hit*
Previous Best Effort.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 29.— Robert
Edgren, the champion hammer thrower of
the U. C. team, has made a new record for
himself and is now confident that he is
good for the world's record.
"Yesterday while at practice he put the
hammer 14S feet. The distance was care
fully measured and he is much elated over
his success. In talking of the matter to
night belaid: "1 go East in about six
weeks, when I expect to break my own
record in the hammer throw. I get the
swinz every once in a while that makes
the hammer fly."
T: Only a short time ago he threw the ham
mer 147 feet, but he now declares that he
will make that a small affair in the near
future. Edgren is au artist of considerable
ability and is studying in the art school in
Ean I-Vancisco.
A Kicycle Parade.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 29.— A big bi
cycle parate is to be iriven in this city
early ill H*f under the direction of the
A.'ameda cyclers. Captain V. A. Dodd is
making the arrangements. Al'ameda has
the best streets in California for bicycling,
and it is believed that there are no better
in the world, but heretofore there has been
no public demonstration on the part of
the bicyclists in recognition of that fact.
It is expected that all the bicycle clubs
of San Francisco, Oakland, San Jose, Sac
ramento, Stockton and other cities will
send larjre delegations, and theie are hun
dreds of bicyclists in Alameda who will
take part in the parade.
Alameda will this year have the finish of
the relay races. Cominjj into this city
from the San Leandro road at High stree"t
the cyclers will go down Central avenue
and linish at a point near Morton street.
.Tust for J-"un.
ALAMEDA, UAL., March 29. —C. H.
Wilson, colored, who was charged with
the theft of :t watch and chain from Emma
Moore, also colored, of 2017 San Antonio
avenue, was found guilty yesterday after
noon by Justice Morris and sentenced to
pcrve in the county jail for thirty days.
lie admitted having taken the watch, but
declared it was for the purpose of getting
« joke on the owner and not with any in
tent to steal. The Justice seemed to be
unappreciative of jokes of this kind and
60 imposed the sentence as stated.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix—
710 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery •tract,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
71S Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock,
BW. corner Sixteenth aud Mission streets, open
■ntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, offpn until 9:30 o'cloclc
NO'lifK <»t 31JiKTiN*ii».
ncrs= xufo eououotPß lodge no. ' - • ,-.
ffif^^ 260, F. anil A. M.. corner Geary and _J%_
Steinersts.-C'alled meeting THIS (MON-^Jf
DAY) EVENING nt 7:30 o'clock for third 'NT >
degree. By order of the master.
HENRY BAEIIR, Secretary.
t£^s= OCCfDENTAL LODGE No. 22, F. . •
1&37 and A. M-— Called meeting for liils
(MONDAY) EVENING. March 30, at^3?
7:3o o'clock. Third cegree. By order Of' V
the W. M.
EDWARD F. DELOER, Secretary.
Wts&= ANNUAL MEETING-THE REGULAR
S^^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
Western Sugar Refining Company will be held at
the office of the company, 327 Market St., San
Francisco, Cat., on MONDAY, the 30th. day of
March, 1896, at the hour of 12 o'clock m., for the
purpose of electing a board of directors to serve
for the ensuing year and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer-books will close on Friday, March 20,
1896, at 12 o'clock M.
ROBF.RT OXNARD. Secretary.
~~~ SPECIAL NOTICES.
■^^T~^d~tl^^tT~ejTccted FoTT~ST;
JgZ& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy Bt., room 6. Tel. 6680.
f^sS= WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
va^i? scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
Canute riipranteed. C. ROSSI <fc CO.. 242 Siittor.
~"~^ DIVIDEND NOTICES. .',
£^S" "REGULAR MEET IN OF THE
**■& Board of D.rectors of the California Wine
Association, dividend No. 2, of $1 25 per share, was
declared payable and after March 31: books of
transfer close Thursday. March 26, 1896.
. H. VAN BERGEN. Secretary.
SITUATION'S wakted-fkhali.
T ADIES CAN SKCURE FIRST-CLASS HELP
Xj of all nationalities by calling, addressing or
telephoning MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
pOMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
Vj child desires situation; good cook; country.
MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
B" Y- TWO SWEDISH GIRLS; FIRST-CLASS
cooks; best references, $:-0: two girls, cook-
ing and housework. 11 1 •» Antonio, off Jones, near
Ellis.
S~ WEDISH EMPLOYMENT BUREAU; FlRST-
class girls awaiting situations. 315 Sutter st.
COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK. CAN ; DO
\J either French or American style; will work In
a neat family, or as housekeeper on a tanch: is a
nice laundress. Call 749 Howard st.; moderate
wages.
t" 1 1 lisT-CLASS ENGLISH COOK: UNDER-
X 1 stands all kinds of French and American cook-
ing: best of reference: city or country. Address
lor 3 days 325 Sutter st.
N 1 EXPERIENCED CHILD'S NURSE
wishes situation: able to take entire charge;
good references. Call or address 2430 1 /2 Sacra-
mento st.
yOUN'U GIRL LATELY FROM IRELAND,
X wants a situation doing li^ht housework,
mending and sewing; good home more an object
than big wages. Address E. 8., box 7-1, Call.
SITUATION WANTED Hy COMPETENT
0 seamstress; can cut and fit and do all kinds
family sewing; would assist in other woric. Please
cai lor address 719 Devisadero, present employer
YOUNG GIRL WANTS SITUATION 'PO DO
1 housework: can do plain cooking. Call or ad-
dress 422 Fremont st.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION BY A PROTESTANT
»' woman: general housework; to go in the
country. Address 206 Fifth st.
ITUATION WANTED BY A GERMAN GIRL
O in a German family: general housework. Ad-
dress D. X.. box 74. Call Office.
XPERIENCED SWEDISH LAUNDRY GIRL
wishes situation as ironer; good references.
122 Kighth st.
p JSRMAX WOMAN WANTS A PLACE IN
VT German family to take care of children; city
or country. 271 Stevenson st.
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK, WASH-
Vjr in;; by the day. 14 Bridge place, near Hyde
St., off Broadway.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
VJ the day; washing, ironing or housecieaning.
MRS. ALLEN, 3531, Minna, rear, near Fifth.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION AT
1 licht housework in- small family. Please call
143 Third st., bakery.
4 WILLING WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
-l\- the day; washing or housecieaning; $1 a day
anil car fare. 717 Howard st.
LDCKLY WOMAN WISHES TO TAKE
J-^ care of child or light house work; city or country;
low wages. 619V2 Larkin st.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES A SITU-
V' atiou as chambermaid or laundress; 4 years'
reference: city or country. Address iJOS Eddy st.
MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN WISHES A SlTU-
ation for housework. Address or call 1122
Jackson st.
RESSMAKER— GOOD FITTER. WISHES
engagements in families: $4 a week or 75 cents
a day. Address s.. box 137, Call Office.
A RESPECTABLE WOMAN NTS SITUA-
J\. tion for housework. Call at 967 Mission st.
IDDLE-AGED WOMAN WOULD LIKE A
MI I> I ■ I . ! ■. A< ; 1 ". I ) V, <>M AN WOULD LIKE A
position as housekeeper in a small family,
city or country. 207 Larkin St., flat 6.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
V.- do upstairs work and wait on table. Call or
address 118 Ninth st.
JRL WANTS SITUATION TO ATTEND
VI bakery; best of references. Call or address
118 Ninth st.
youNG WIDOW wishes POSITION AS
X housekeeper. Address D. J., box 150. Call.
OWED] 8 ! i GIRL DESIRES a SITUATION TO
O do general housework. Call 924 Natoma st.
I DOW OF 30, GOOD CHARACIER.WISUES
'» position as working housekeeper or any posi-
tion where a capable, intelligent person is required;
references. Cail 122 Turk st.
. HDLE-AGED LADY WOULD LIKE POSl-
tion as companion to old lady or in linen-room
of hotel or restaurant. Address or call 808 Laguna.
.yOUNG WOMAN FROM EUROPE WOULD
1 like position for general housework; can do
plain American cooking; city or country. Address
letters E. W., box 85, Call Office.
p ERMAN WOMAN WISHES SITUATION TO
VJT do general housework; do objection to coun-
i try. 11l Twenty-sixth st.. near Mission.
ITUATION \VA NTED BY NEAT, WILLING
i 5 young woman . for housework: wages $16.
Call or address (Monday) 916 Howard st.
MIUDL'r-AGKD GERMAN WOMAN wants
situation for general housework In small fam-
ily. Inquire Prescott House, 933 Kearny st.
VOUSG WOMAN ANXIOUS TO GET WORK
; X by the day; washing, window - cleaning or
sweeping, at ' $125. I'iease address Y. W., box
1 35, Call Office. «
CANDINAVIAN YOUNG WOMAN, JUST
arrive ' from the East, wishes a place as chilci's
nurse: spatially trained: references if requred.
2133 Mission st.
\\T AM'ED— SITUATION- TO COOK AS I) no
'•'general housework in small family, by neat,
active, reliable woman: good reference: city or
country. Address M. A., box 108, Call Office.
PhSPECTABLE LADY WISHES POSITION
It to take charge of bath at springs or city;
thoroughly understands massage treatment; a
good rubber; best of references. Address S., box
52, this office.
IRL WANTS PLACE to assi-t IN
housework; wages $10 to $12. L. X., box 22,
.'all Office. ,
\l, r ANTED— WASHING OR HOUSECLEAN-
>• ing by the day; $1 per day and carfare. Ad-
dress 8., box 63. this office. .
YOUNG WIDOW .WISHES POSITION AS
1 housekeeper. Call at 1020 Market st., room
20, second floor.
OMAN WITH A CHILD WANTS SITU-
»» ation; city or country; good cook and general
houst-worker. 549 Mission st.
YOUNG GERMAN ■ WoMAN .WIShKB ANY
X kind of work by the rlav. Address 29 Minna
St., between First and Second. .
THIRST-CLASS COOK FOR AN INSTITUTION:
X I city or country: first-class references. , Call or
address 3^5 .Sutler st.
pItAMBERMAID WANTS A SITUATION IN
\J the country. Address M. C. 202 Second st.
i\' oman wants" situation as house-
• ' keeper In country, small wages for good home.
Call or address 117 Julian aye.. between Fifteenth
sad Sixteenth, Valencia and Mission.
WriNCHKSTKrt HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR,
" Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient mni n.-sj-eciuulo.
iree Ijus to nun from I lie jerry. - '■ . ■■ ■' ■
SITUATIONS V. A . iKI»-j>IAHs.
PC. G.'COOK'S HOC. COOKS; ALT
. branches :short notice. 3 4 Geary, tel. Grant 46. ;
LJ LA * i-.R «£ V i., CHINESE- AND JAPAN-
XI esc employment office, 17 Webb ■ St.. - below
Kenrnv, bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 23 L
1 APANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
•J office; best help. 3148 Sutter: lei. (Jrp.iu 30. : '
/ CHINESE AND JAPANESE ' EM PLOYMENT
VJ office; best help. 414 y 2 O'Karrell;. ti-1. i. 426.*
C ITUATION WANTED— GERMAN:. GKNER-
-1 ally useful; good horseman; understand; gar
den: can milk: city references; moderate wages.
P. M., 2020 Point hobos aye., San Francisco. |
WANTED— SITUATION -'-BY A GOOD COOK
'» and laundress, at 530 Eddy.
Cl ' CATION WANTED BY SOBER, . TEM-
O perate man ;to do plain cooking and general
j housework for a few. persons; reference -If re-
quired. Aadress IV, 1304 Post st.
SOBER, INDUSTRIOUS MAN WITH FIRST-
O •'lass Eastern -and San Franclsio references
wishes situation as coachman and gardener. Ad-
dress C. G., box 137, Call. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
J"»fTITATIO?iB WANTED-Contlnnod.
MIDDLE-AGED, WXUi : EDUCATED" 'GEN-"
tlcmen (Germpn) desires clerical position or
one of trust: Is good accountant and penman. C,
box 136, Call. , - .
MIDDLE - AGED. SOBER. HONEST MAN
wishes situation as butler in good private fam-
ily: good references.-. Ad. J. M.. box 23, tnisottice.
you.No MAN WISHES -SITUATION AS
X driver of delivery wagon: well acquainted with
city: good references; steady and reliable. Ad-
dress Driver, box 101, Call. ■;■: -■'.. ■:':<.-
AKER — FOREMAN, GERMAN, FIRST
class on bread or cakes, wishes situation; city
or country. 171 Clara St.. near Fifth. -.- <■ . •t -
XPEHIEXCED BLACKSMITH, STEADY
S-J and industrious young man, wants a situation
in city; is also a lust-class driver. Apply 1318
Turk st. . •
T\r ANTED— BY A YOUNG MAN, SET OF
*» books to keep or extra work evenings. Ad-
dress B. F . box 114. Call Office. ..
LAUNDRYMAN— MAN WITH SOME EX-
J-i penence wishes to improve washing; small
wages- Address C. P., box 9. Call Office.
ELI ABLE steady MIDDLE-AGED GER-
XV man wishes a situation as coachman or gar-
dener; city or country; generally useful about
place; good references. Address- 34 Hubbard St.,
room 17. ' ■
MARRIED MAN, GKRMAN..WITH MANY
years experience in brewery business, want*
situation; is first-dust man; has no bad habits.
F. Aj., 2000 McAllister St., room 1. ; :
T>ESPECTABLE GERMAN, HANDY with
XV tools, wants any kind of work in hotel or res-
taurant, wages -$25 to $30 a month. Address D.
HOPPE, 519 Frederick st.
SITUATION WANTED BY MIDDLE-AGED
0 man to make himself useful round a place;
fully understands care of horses; good milker and
garden work: good reference. Address F. L., box
110, Call Office.
cation wanted— a first-class
tile, mantel and grate setter wants work. Ad-
dress T. S., box 137, Call Office. . '
SITUATION WANTED BY A GOOD CAR-
£S penter as carpenter or anything: else; steady
job preferred. Address D. P., 1050 Howard st.
V[O SALARY— MIDDLE-AGED MAN, WHO
-- ' is hard of hearing, wants position Id a hot
spring, where he can have the use of spring and
board and lodging: is a good waiter and carpenter
and can do any other kind of work. Address G.
H., box 114, Call Office.
WASTED-A YOUNG STEADY GERMAN
' », man wishes a situation; understands the care
of horses, carriages; can milk. Apply P. WIEBE,
care of Golden West Hotel. San Francisco.
"yOUNG MAN WANTS A GOOD POSI-
X tlon of any kind; good worker. H. T. PEN-
NER, Golden West Hotel. -
THIRST-CLASS MAN WANTS SITUATION;
X I teaming or any other work: thoroughly under-
stands handling and care of horses. G. P.., box 96,
Call Office. i
WANTED— PLACE FOR MAN AND WIFli;
'» experienced creamery man: flrs:-class butter
and cheese maker; to run a creamery or make
butter and cheese in cheese factory; wife & good
cook. Call or address J. R., 621 Commercial st.
■yOUNG GERMAN WOULD LIKE TO GET
X employment about solace; is a good gardener;
can take care of horses, etc. Address, G. G., . box
74, Call Office.
pOACHMAN — YOUNG EASTERN MAN
\J wishes situation in gentleman's place: thor-
oughly understands his business: years of New
York City references. Address Coachman, 12 Sac-
ramento St., 6>. F.
OACHMAN, ENGLISH, THOROUGHLY UN-
v/ derstands his business: also garden and cows;
first-class Eastern and California references. Ad-
dress T. T., 1727 Kveretf St., Alameda, Cal.
MAN AND WIFE WANT WORK ON RANCH:
man tirst-cluss farm hand and tiandv with
tools; wife is » gooa cook. Address W. G., box
122, Call Office. '
pOACHMAN AND GARDENER, YOUNG
\J man, wishes situation in gentleman's place;
thoroughly understands his business; has tirsi-class
references. Please address C. G., box 48, Call. - -
pH FA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
use free. . :
FEMALE h elf WANTED. "
T\rA!?rinj^iß7s7roß~sw
»' wash, a short distance, $30: 2 French and
German second girls. *20 and $25; German or
Scandinavian girl for cooking and hoiibework, $30;
2 cook*, restaurant and boardine-hou*e..s2s, $35;
3 waitresses, nstuurants and hotel, $20;
und girls for cooking c.nd housework in city and
country. J. F. CROSETT CO., 312 Sutter st.
PKFined~woman~\vTth~a CHILD OR j
XV two, chamberwork, lodviuc-tiouse, $30 per j
month and room; no board. "MISS CULLEN, 323 j
Sutter st.
p ERMAN GIRL OR WOMAN, HOUSEWORK. '
" T Berkeley, $30: German governess, $25: cham-
bermaid and seamstress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
323 liner st.
TVTEAT, REFINED SECOND GIRL AND SEW,
IV $20. Miss CULLEN, 323 Suiter st.
IpRENCH COOK. $i's;. LAUNDRESS, $25; !
r cook, city, $30, 3 in family. Miss CULLEN,
323 Sutter si. j
p ERMAN SECOND $25: COOK. $35;
VT nurse. $25: housework girl, Yolo County. $25; ,
Oakland, $.5: San Luis, $25; aud other towns, :
$15: housework girls, city, $20 and $25: 8 young ;
girls, assist, $10 to $15." MISS CULLEN, 323
Mitter st. j
\ir ANTED— GERMAN COOK. $25 TO $30; |
»' German nurse and second work, $25; French
nurse. $20; French maid and seamstress, £20:
waitresses. restaurant, $5 week and $15 month:
girl for Redwood City. $20; girls for housework !
and assist, $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 I
Stockton st.
/ IRL FOR DOWNSTAIRS WORK: PLAIN
' cooking, $25; waitress, $20: girl for house-
work, 2 in family, Cruz. $20: 2 nurseglrls,
$12 and 515; and several others. MRS. iIIRD, j
721 Ellis st,.
IX r A N T E D~COOK AND SECOND GIRL FOR |
i *» country, $25 and $20: cook for a ranch, $Vis:
French cook, private family, f-4<J; laundress and |
waitress, $25: 20 good housework girls for city i
and country, $30, »25, $20 aud $15. Apply MISS
PLU .\ X 424 Sutler st. .
"Al TRESS, COUNTRY HOTKL, $18; WO-
man. Volo County, $15, fare paid; 50 women
and girls, city and country. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st. - :
p IRL ~ FOR HOUSEWORK, 3 IN FAMILY,
VJ no washing, $18: young girl, assist in house- '
work, help sewin;;. $15 to $20; girl for housework. j
San Mateo. 2 in family, $15; young nursegirl, 815
to 20. 11 1 Autonla St.. off Jones, near Ellis.
p ERMAN NURSE. PALO ALTO, $18: HOUSK-
VJT girl. Modesto, $20: girl, light work, $15: first-
class German cook. $25; 10 Swedish and Irish
girls. $20 to $25. MM X. LEOPOLD, 20 Stockton.
>.) GIRLS. CHAMBERWORK, COUNTRY
*- hotel, $15: 25 housegirls, $25 and $20: city
cook, $25; 2 second girls, $20. Apply 315 Sutler.
GIRL FOR, HOUSEWORK A X GERMAN
rooking; with Jewish family preferred. 2612
California st.
T\fXNTED-GIRi,.TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK
»T and take care 2 children. Call 2307 Scott St.,
10 to 12 o'clock.
" ANTE D- NEAT GERMA N GIRL FOR GEN-
"' era! housework and assist with children.
1100 a Golden Gate aye.
pOOD IRON Kits ON LADIES' CLOTHES
'X wanted. Sun Steam Laundry, Seventh and
Market .-us., Oakland.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST WITH CHILDREN;
X goo home; wages $5. 1937 Lexington aye.
GIRl.s TO SEW ON TICKETS. 20 SANSOME
street.
A NTED-A CTRL FORGENEKALIIOUSE-
' ' work. 761 H St.
"VroUNG GIRL FOR li ht HOCSEWORK:
-I- small family. Apply 12 to 3. 40 Seventh st. •
GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSEWORK; $7
month. Gentleman, box 19, this office.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL FOR GENERAL-
X housework. A,. ply 3008 Clay, near Broaerick.
pIRL ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK. 30 CLIN-
VX ton Park, near Guerrero and Market. ; ,
4 PPRKNTICE GIRL ON CUSTOM COATS, i
X\. 527 Natomast.
\\r ANTED— GIRL; LIGHT HOCSKWOKK:
»' small family, wages. $10. 1230 Eddy st.
"L"" I N I SHERB AND APPRENTICES ON CUS-
X torn coats. 419 Natomast.
rPAILORESS WANTED ON COATS. 8 GRANT
A aye,, room 12.
7TIRy^r~WA NT ED~ IN CASCADE DANCE
vJ Hail, 625 Kearny st.; cor. Commercial. .
\\r ANTED- PANTS-FINISHER, ALSO AP-
'» prentices. 1018 Howard st.
LADY OF 25 YEA OF AGE FOR OFFICE
work. 342 McAllister st.
OPERATORS ON OVERALLS. LEVI
straUSS & CO., 32i/ 2 Fremont «t. ,-•»■
GIRL FOR CiENERAL HOUSE SMALL
XX family; country. i all 1432 Webster: Monday,
J) UPILS FOR MILLIN E RY. SCHOOL,; LiiS-
. sons private or class; evening pupil* special at-
tention; stylish trimming, 25c. 410 Li-uvemvorth,
\V ANTED— STRUNG GERMAN GIRL; AGE
.'".16: for kitchen-work. 1305 Mission St.-
bakery. :
lir ANTED— A PARTNER IN WEI.L-KSTAB-
'» Hshed dressmaking parlor. Apply room 16,
Murphy ouilaing, 1236 Market st.
DRESSMAKING,. CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new -styles: perfect fitting patterns
25c up. .-: MCDOWELL Academy, 213 Powell st.
\\r ANTED —AN INTELLIGENT LADY TO
■ represent a large manufacturing house; one
with no incumhrano* preferred. Address D. O. «fc
CO.. box 127, Call Office. * : ;
IKL'f6~W RK BY HAND ON SHOP COATS.
: 473 Tehama st. *
\ir ANTED— PUPILS-.-- 1 N. MILLINERY
*_'•■ classes: duy and evening; terms reasonable;-
elegant goods to work with. : 1104 Market st.,
room 32, second floor. . . \\L> C .::-~H
LMKST-i lass SKIRTMA KERS; NONE . BUT;
•X 1 llrst-class need apply. : 504 sutler st. . v ■' ; r ,?
T PPRI-NTICKS JO LEA RN~ DRESS . CUT-
A ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms67 and 68."
AIK DRESSING, 25c AND 35c: MORN ING
and eve classes; lOleasons.sl 60. 1248'Mi.-»sion. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE.' 44 THIRD. NEAR
T» . Market— Electric lights In very room: 1 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;' $1 . 50 to $tf per
week; ir»e bus to and from the ferry. *
I»KT-P TVANTEP— *7ontlnn«d.
OST CON VENI ENT AND RESPECT ABLE:
Winchester Houce. 44 Tt»!nl St., near Market:
! 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 10 to $6 per
j week: free bus to and trom the ferry. ■■ ' • •. -;-^---j
J A WHENCE PATTERN HOUSK— DRE&S-
_J rutting M-hool. 1231 Market st..n>-t. Kt'^arr^tt^
M.ALf. iil.Ll' \VA>.TJSI*.
WANTED-B^^ER-M^UCErirSMALL DAI-
»» ry, $20; Swiss milker. $20; 2 Japanese wood-
choppers, »1 50 a c>rd: eleva:or-boy. $4 a week;
French stableman, $25; cooks, waiters, country
hotel, $30 and found. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
TV"EAT YOUNG WAITER, ARM \vouk, fou
—'institution, country, $30; pot washer, $25.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
SECOND COOK, $70; PASTRY COOK AND
baker, $60; head laundryman. $50 to $60; all
for country hotels; engineer . and machinist and
electrician forcountrv institution. $60; 10 team-
sters. c. R. II a N S E Nit C 0.,110. ,110 Geary st.
NEAT BELLBOYS; $15. C. R. HANSEN _
CO., UP Geary st.
PANTRYMAN AND MAKE SALAD, $25 AND
! -»- found; waiter and make beds, $20; vegetable
gardener, $15;. woodchoppor: tiemakers. R. T.
WARD _ CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
Ci(\ MEN CAN OBTAIN WORK FROM $15 TO
y\J $75 per month and found, Monday. March 30.
from 7:30 a. m.. at MURRAY & READY'S, Lead-
ing Employment Agents. 634 ana 636 Clay st.
C RAILROAD TEAMSTERS; 6 LABORERS
*J fora ranch; 5 farmer, orchard and vineyard
hands, $15 to $26; 5 woodchoppers, 75 cents a
cord ;. choreboy. $8: blacksmith for a ranch; . 8
wire nail operators, $2 50 a day. MURRAY _
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st. •
"I?" EGETA BLE GARDENER; CHARCOAL
» burner: farmer and wife; sign painter. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Ciay st.
COOKS, $25, $50 AND $76: 3 WAITERS,
$25 and $30; 2 dishwashers, $10 tos2o; 2 Iron-
ers. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED-BUTTER-MAKER FOR PRIVATE
" dairy, must run separator, $30 and found:
ranch blacksmith. $35 to $40 and found, steady
job by the year; also farmhands, milkers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers, W. D. EWER _ CO.,
i 626 Clay at. > -
\\r A NTED- A STEADY MAN WHO CAN
« write a plain hand to assist in store; will
have a steady position at $75 per month with a
sure increase; must have $150 cash. Apply room
2, 765 Market st. ■
APPRENTICE, FROM 16 TO 20 YEARS OF
/»■ age: good chance to learn candy trade. 706
Valencia st. ■
1 A MEN TO COMPLETE PARTY GOING TO
iv Alaska gold fields; $150 capital required.
Particulars at N E corner Eighth nnd Market.;
yoUNG MAX, UNDERSTANDS NURSERY
i- work, $16; private gardener. FUmore and
Halght. '
ERRAND BOY WANTED FOR TAILOR
shop. 527 Natoma st. .
\\: ANTED-ERRAND BOY. 641 STEVEN-
»* son st.
\\r a nted— a GOOD CANVASSER FOR OAK-
" land : 12031 ' 2 Market St., Oakland.
"I A DISHES 10c; NEAT AND CLEAN AND
J V well cooked. New Idea Restaurant, 639
KeHrny st.
I A RISER SHOP RUNNING 3 CHAIRS FOR
• ' sale cheap, on account of departure. BIV3
Fourth st.
\ r OUXO MAN DESIRING TO PLACE FROM
-<- $1000 to $10,000 in new company for the pur-
pose of manufacturing a patent in Canada should
apply to Merchants, care of box 913, Montreal,
Canada; references required and given. '
TNDUSTIUOUSLADY WANTS HONEST MAN
-I- as partner in smoked meat, butter, eegs, fish and
delicatessen business, with cnpital of $126: corner
store: cash trade; lirst-cliiss location; clears $50
month and board to each. Ad. P.. box 103, Call.
SEAMEN FOR AUSTRALIA. ALASKA,
0 Honolulu. 10 steuart st., upstairs.
r>ARBER-CHAIRS, SECOND HAND, $10 TO
lJ 815; send for list; 10 per cent discount on all
I barber-coats for a short time only. DECKELMAN
BROS., Barber-supply House. 106 Ellis st.
SOLICITOR FOR THE CALEDONIAN DYE-
- 0 Ins and Cleaning Work. 2230 Adeline s:.,
Oakland.
IpiRST-CLASS FURNISHING GOOD-? MEN
apply between 9 and 11 a. m. Sunday. H.
SU.MMERKIHLD & CO., 924 Market st.
\\T ANTED-FIRST-CLASS MEN AND BOYS'
•" clothing salesman. Appl ■ between 9 and 11
A. M. Sunday. H. SUMMERFIELD & CO., 924
Market st. ...
TTring your watch orclock to
1 > expert watchmaker. 126 Kearny St., room 14:
best work at half of store charges. , ,
r;j= MISSION- WANTED, MEN TO TAKE
kJzlO sunny furnished rooms: $1 a week.
WANTED— AT ROOM 317,328 montgom-
" cry st., clerks and laborers to call if they do
not receive' their just dues: no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits; Superior and Justice Courts.
ALASKA GOLD FIELDS. '
The fan sailing clipper schooner Sophia Suth-
erland, built in 1889. will snil from San Francisco
for Cooks Inlet direct on April 15, weather permit-
ting, taking a limited number of passengers. For
further particulars . apply to FRED HOLMES,
Shipbroker and Agent, 506 Battery st.
|>ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION employ-
ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
marv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grant aye. S. FCCHS.
A&SOCIATJON OF t'AL EMPLOY-
ment. Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 y 2 O.'Farrell.
DBST MKaL ON EARTH; WKLL COOKED; 8
J-> courses. 10c, at -cattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
VKW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-»■' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; track sl to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room;
strictest attention 10 morning calls; open all night.
pATTO'S LA W AND COLLECTION AGENCY
-It Prompt collections: references. 512 Montg'y.
ANTED— M N. BEEHIVE,- BEST 10c
" meal in town, 642 Sacramento st.
PEDDLERS WA*N"TED TO SKLL WOOD; AP-
X ply at once. 647 and 549 Brannan st.
Bkvt place IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes: great reduction on account of other busi-
ness. 129 sixth st. .
IV' ANTED— TO COLLECT WAGES DUE
" laborers and clerks. KNOX Collection Agency,
110 Sutler si.
\irE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• ■ your old shoes and make them as goo:i as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait.
562 Mission sl, between First and Second sts.
POSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ROOMS
IX 2()c to 50c night : II to 84 week: open all night.
\ : EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i»l all grocers keep it. :
iy HAT CHKEK HOUSE. 629 SACRAMENTO
»» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city sing.'c rooms
'M and 25c a night, SI a week: meats 10c
\V r ANTED— MEN, AND LADIES TO LEARN
»» barber ; trade: only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid for Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues. .->. F. Barber School, 1615 Howard st.
•\k KN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
ill. ■ nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 i/i MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50a night; $1 to $3 week.
EN'S J£-aOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; JtoSm
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
Q>l TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<jpi- large reading-room. New Grand, 246 Third.
\VT ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
' ' to know that Ed Kolkin, Reno House proprie-
.lor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; lad
Jiirne rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST.. NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night: readlns-
room: tree bus to and from the firry.
"I i in MEN TO TAKE LODGING AT 10c, 15c
J ' '" ' and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
BEST IN CITY— SINGLE ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night; »'.. 91 25, $1 60 par week,
I'fcciflc House .Commercial and Leldesdorff st*.
■YV ANTED— MEN TO GUT BOTTLE SHARP
'» foam beer, 6c: bottle wine. sc. 009 Clay st.
TjiREE UEER-TWu SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
J also abottl >of lag<-r. sc. at U37 Clay st.
r\Mi\ ACME HOUSE, 957 -MARKET . ST., BE-
• A low Kix'h, for » room: "JAr anight: $1 a wwiic.
W ANIED-SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
»I week; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Cla ■ st.
4 \VE_K ; « NEWS FOR 6 CENTS— THIS :
A WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
VQKKITUBJC WAMTJCJD
i "ANTED -• J SEC<)ND-HAND i FURNTTURE
»» for country; ' will pay good price. 7 City Hall
aye. .
ALL ON .1. C. MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price for your -furniture
or merchandise of any kind. ;- ;
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere lor furniture to fill, country
orders. Leave orders at KINO'S, 3 Fourth «U
pA ; H PRICh PA ID FOR FURNITURE.- JA- |
\J COB SCIIWKRDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th <<i sth.,
X WEEK'S ■ NEWS FOR S'■ CENTS —
- V WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing. :
IU»O.\IS WANTED.
f"yOUNt} MANy WISHES A NICE UNFUR-
X nlshed front room or alcove, with I gas, running
water and use of bath, in a nice private family.
Address V. M.. box 164. Call, stating price. -'.
BOAKIHX, WANTED.;
-VOUXO ! LADY STUDY ING WANTS BOARD
X In refined family; reaso'iahle.^ It., box 8, Call.
_j MOKJn wasted! "~~"
\\T ANTED— ; ■ BIG INTEREST: GOOD
»' security. Address 1., box 38. Call Office. ■■-'.
v / ANTE . --MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD •;.} SECOND-HAND SAFE; r.. WEIGHT
about 1 6000 1 pounds; ; cheap for cash. Apply
205 Crocker building. ■ -
\\r ANTED— IO,OOO TO 20,000 gallon wa-
:;* »< ter-tank:*- ecoud hand. JACOB EY'MAX,
room 6, Crocker building. ■: , j
SELL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth si. : tend postal. |
.'.' ■ '-.-..' PERSONAL!). ' .
V^TO^iTE^oiF^^'sr^W^rAy^VE-
i U light, I give for 26c, including waving and en-
amel Ing: * switches : for .75c and $1 ; ; polite treat-
ment and the best service in the city. . G. LEDER-
EK, 111 Stockton st. ' ._■':. . ■ .-, i .':
DITH-MEET MB AT SAHLEIN'S, 138
Kearny st., to-morrow. • They ..< have ' the pret-
tiest Easter . bonnets and bats in town.
•--.■ . , GEORGE.
MBS. COOPER'S EAR MEDICINE CURES
deafness and earache. Sola at 953 Market st.
\ "I*Vl«._".- MiKE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
A clalty; private: no cbarse unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, de»ds. etc, at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
/-CALIFORNIA SAVING AND LOAN SOCIETY
\J booKs bought for cash. X.. box 75, Call Office.
\i IDDLE-AGED . MAN, PROPRIETOR OF
M fair going business, wishes companion; object
matrimony. Address J. W. W., box 104, Call.
QPK lAL EAS. ER OPENING— MISS ALICE
0 HAAKEIs displaying an elegant assortment
of trimmed huts at greatly reduced prices. 121
Post St.. room 46, over Connor. Moffat * Co.
HERBAL BLOOD PUKIFIEK; C. hi, i-uit
asthma, rheumatism/ etc. At 1207 Market
St., room 2.
THE ECONOMY" MILLINERY. RED FRONT,
1 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 6c.
A NNULMENT OF MARRIAGE AND DI-
-i. vorce: legal everywhere. P.O. box 2263. S. F.
NAMELED LETTERS ARK MADE ONLY
at 210 Steiner st. others are agents. Baker
Enamel and Manufacturing company.
<_1 a room"carpets CLEANED onthk
<Ipl floor. 206 Leaven worth s:.
r>IG OUTDOOR BTEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
i-* ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts.: artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st.
limn CARDS, $1 60; SHOW CARDS, 15c:
>\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st., r. 39.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED:
-LJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. IiUBBARD, 923 Market st.
LOR FINE PuUl/i'KY AND GAME GO TO A.
X STRASSBR. 78 and 79 Center Market.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illujtratton; day and evening
classes; instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton.R.L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine st
/CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister st.
UOURQUIN'S CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER:
•3 instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant »ye. and Sutler st.
"I^LECTRIO LIGHTS IN" EVERY ROOM— WIN-
X- Chester House, 44 Third si., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 par
week: froe bus in and from the ferry.
1 liiLllA I. ADV ANCfcS ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
Aj elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market st. ■ : . / ;
fiLOAKS. CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs 1 cost. Factory, 20 Kansomt* St.. upstair?.
/ \LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIE*.
\J clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
A WEEK'S NEWS ,FOR 5 CENTS — TH_>
A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
X> „.-*>.•!> it AK_K^.
RESSEs7«2TjpT LAWNS, $rUP: WRAP-
pers, 35c and up. 505% Natoma st., bet. Sixth
; and Seventh. ■ • ' .
PERFECT-FITTING AND STYLISH SUITS
1 made at short notice. • MRS. MARY LYNN,
room 35, 22 and 24 Geary st.
STYLISH SUITS $3 50 UP: FIRST-CLASS
fit: French tailor system taught. 839 Geary st.
O TYLISH SUITS, $5 UP; LAWNSFBOMSI 50;
>■- first-class work. 710 Geary st.
i.osr.
-1 OST-SKALsIciX^^BATiT^ETTirATGTrT^ST!
Aj and Cliff House; liberal reward. 328 Twenty-
seventh st.
J~OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERXIA
J Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco,
in the name of MARI ANDERSON; No. 130,026.
The finder will please return to bank.
TRA YED OR STOLEN— ROAN HORSE AND
O blue wagon No. 16,610. Reward if delivered to
327 Ivy aye.
LOST — HINDI. ~ vV HITE GREYHOUND.
Return to 129 O'Farrell, receive liberal reward.
"I THURSDAY. AN ENGLISH PUG DOG.
-IJ Finder please return to SK. cor. Scott and
Green sts. and receive reward. .
LOST OR" BTOLI .vI-"6~(i BSE. RETURN TO
XJ A. CASWELL, Eighteenth aye., South San
Francisco; reward.
IXAI.tV. : V A> As.
rXre opToTTruNrrY ~~~~ -r
to consul: the great clairvovaDt,
PROFESSOR F. EUGENE,
For 5Dc and $1. For 50c and $1.
Knowledge Is Power.
Remain not in darkness and Ignorance, but seek
the light of wisdom and learn what the future
holds for you. He is ever ready to assist <he
trouble! and unfor.unate, and always meets with
success. All are pleased with his readings. PRO-
FESSOR F. EUGENE, 1728 Market st. - -
ROF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MaHATMA-
palmist and clairvoyant medium, 315 Ellis s 
tells past, present and future events with utmost
truth; sittings; ladies 50c, gents $1.
CflO AND $1. AND 500 AND $1. :
*JVJ PROFESSOR LEON, 633 POST ST.,
Ha?. astonished multitudes by his wonderful pow-
ers, warns you of coming dangers, averts troubles,
guides you alight in all affairs of life:. marriage,
love, law. speculation, etc. business confidential;
letters with stamps answer -d: hours 9 to 8. ■-'•igKlw
ME. PORTER,. CARD- READKR; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 50c, gents $1;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk St.
MM l-:. RAVENNA READS YOUR LIFE
lX fluently, lips on races, names given; 25c up.
Removed from 828 Howard st., to 5 Fourth.
MM I .MOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future ;25cup. 784 Howard st.
ONSULT. THE SUCCESSFUL PALMIST
clairvoyant, AUNT MARY. ■ and succeed.
1031 .Market st. 50c. and $1.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c nnd $1, shows you the pictureof
your Suture husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
MM E. . Si BI — LIFE-RE A DERI PAST,
present, future: charms; fee- 50c. 914 O'Farrell
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum^and card-reatiar. 132 Turk st. . -
ME. si 1 ; \v aRT THE GREATEST CARD
reader and clairvoyant In the world; seventh
daughter: has read cards since 11 yenrs of age;and
mining, lawsuits and marriage; "ladies or gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4.
M~ ME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, paat,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing exceptei!; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake !m-
-possible: foe ■?! : letter .*2. 929 Post's;., nr. Larkin.'
— ________________ __ „
SPiKII'U.^JLIS.n.
MRS. DR. MIRANDAS. MEDIUM, --^
lX 1206 Market St.. Parlors 28 to 29.
Satisfaction mid success guaranteed in 'all | mat-
ters: consult this, wonderful medium and be suc-
cessful. Send lock of hair and $1 and you will learn
something of your life and disease you never knew
before; all business strictly confidential.
MATERIALIZING SEANCE IN HONOR TO
Fox sisters anniversary, Tuesday Bp. m. 635
Post st. 50 cents.
A" DDIE SWAIN TELLS YOU HOW TO BE
happy, though married; ladies only. 860 Mar-
ket st.; circle to-night, both sexes. . ■ -
\j Rs. PHILANDER: JUST ARRIVED;
I'l clairvoyant medium; readings: 10 a. m. to 9
P. M. 123 Turit st. -
/1 YPSY MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY <SUN-
VTdavs Included) ; 25c. 946 Mission; hours 10 io9.
RS. J. J.. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
:r rice mwlii'iii;' yittlii"-« SI. 21 K Stockton h:.
> Full M,.i,-.!i..ji...i...A.Mi.<;:5,.;
1 FURNITURE OF THREE ROOMS FOR SALE
X; cheap; Hat of 4 sunny rooms to let; rein $10.
Inquire 14.0 Broadway. ,
JTINK CART, SUITABLE FOR NEWSPAPER
r carri r. Apply 1419 Octavla St.. bet. 12 and 1.
I?OR SALE CHEAP; FINE Ci'MBINATION
. pool and billiard table. Apply 1710 Market st.
VTERY ANTICii'E AND ELEGANT MA-
V hogany sideboard; very rich and choice. M.,
box 140. Call.
LARGK SHOWCASES . VERY' CHEAP;
■— large coal-oil stove, oven and carpets. 1304
Devisadero st. ■:■'"■": '
\ OUNG HnLSTKIN COW; MILKS 18
X quarts 828 Church st. . ' ' .
rpHUROCGHBBED BLACK MINOCA egg's,
1 $1 per 15; Mongolian pheasants, $15 per- trio.
J. 's .1. ' TOMPKINSON, 2029 San , Antonio aye.,
Alameda.
S OLID OAK LIBRARY-TABLE, UTTLE
used, In exchange for walnut dinlng-table, new
style. L., box 57, Call Office. ■- -
C COUNTER, GOOD AS NEW, n 8 OFFICE
/chairs and screen; cheap. 121 Post St., room 8.
DV AMO ENGINE, BOILKR AND A LOT OF
tools, cheap... 516 Mission. ' .»
B"~ABY CARRIAGES AND -RATTAN oitn0 it n -
tnre bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
lit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
STERLING BICYCLE. BUILT' LIKE A
watch; terms easy. D. N. HAWLEY, 318 Mkt.
JJ AR OUTFIT. MIRRORS.CASH REGISTERS,
■!■> scales, etc.: cheapest. - MEKK. 1118 Mlssioiu ,
TTSE PRUSSIAN BITTERS, BEST STOMACH
U bitters in market: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
nt Bonanza Wine Vaults: : - free delivery city. Oak- :
land. Alameda. PUTZMAN <fc K.MANN,
prop.. r 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: phone red 391.
UILDINGS "BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES:
I) doors, mantels, etc' for sale. 1166 Mission. -
NE ; *mall medium and large siza
: fire and burglar proof safe. 09, 111 Market s:.
-■ |.>IRK AND BURGLAR SAFK. : LETT E Or
X press, platform scales and desk: cheap. 102 Clay.
MEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
IN hand. \V. S. RAY Mfg Ca, Vi California at.
YIOUNT- R shelving, showcases
\J bonKhtandaoia 1121 V<i Market b»u 7thand»ti»
■ ;.;;>' •-". r::.: t>_ tv ;x HACUIMiiS. -v-,;. : ■■-•-":■ j : -
A _L KINDS BOUGHT, sold, EXCHANGED,
_v rented, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
JBTTBTN^^ CHANCKs.
<R3oon HOTEL~AND^BAR; INCLUDES
fJF'iyJVJVJ. buildings in prosperous town 20 miles
irom city, near railroad depot: considered finest
family find summer resort; most desirable class
guests: 18 rooms, bar, dining-rooms, parlors, bowl-
in? alley, garden and promenade grounds cover-
ing 2 acres; clears $500 to $600 monthly during
average seasons : bar trade good year round- low
ground rent: one possessing average abllltv'may
here acquire : fortune within few years- fullest
investigation offered. M. LESS CO., 783V>> Mar-
ket, nr. Fourth. .-',.. . ..
(3{ 1 000 ELEGANT SALOON, NORTH
tIPXUV/V/. Market, vicinity of Baldwin; 6 private
rooms: bar Well fitted up; good stock with best
class customers: worth double; proof. M. LEss
CO., 783y 3 Market. -■■.-- '
©"I AKA RESTAURANT ANDBAR ACROSS !
(JIuJU. the bay: 6 private rooms: fine fix-
tures;large stock;daily receiptss4s to $50; proof;
sickness cause. M. LESS <& CO., 783^ Market.
(JT«qOO corner family OR-STORE,
«lPi/UV/. saloon and cisar-stand combined: in
choice portion Western Addition; 4 living-rooms:
large stock; cheap rent. M. LESS CO., 783Y2
M.'irk-e st. .
TTTTT777T bakjhi-.u - siii >P: FIRST-CLASS:
«IplvUl/. vicinity Baldwin: 4 chairs: best
custom; g.eat oiler. M. LESS & CO., 783y a Mar-
ket, or. Fourth, . - -
©I'^nO CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
»3)l»Jl/U. Western Addition: value of stock
$1000: receipts $1200 per month: good horse and
wagon: large route: big bar trade; established 10
years; owner retiring. M. LESS _ CO., 783%
Market st., near Fourth. ..
$')AAA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
~\J\l\J. best part Western Addition; fine fix-
tures, handsome bar; near'y full value In stock
alone; monthly receipts from $800 to $1000: best
class custom; must b« seen to be appreciated. M.
LESS A CO., 733y 8 Market st., near Fourth.
rpb BUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE A BUSINESS
X of any kind see STRAND & CO., 46 Third st.
"^Tqaa WANTED TO-DAY— PARTNER in
<POUI/. commission business; will clear *75
per month each. See STRAND & CO., 45 Third.
©I OAA PARTNER WANTED. IX FIRST-
«IpX^iI/w. class business: established 16 years;
clears $300 per month. STRAND <fc CO., 45 Third.
CORONER HOUSE; 12 ROOMS;
np^ O\J. clears $50 per month. STRAND, 45
Thira st. -
7 C (\ CORNER BAKERY; GOOD HORSE
tip I UU. and wagon; bakes 2i/> barrels per day;
full value. STRAND & CO., 45 Third St.
C*9^A CORNER SALOON; PAYS \VELL;
t|s— .Ul/. bargain. STRAND & CO., 45 Third st.
NOTICE —TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
-l promptly for cash. HEALY & CO., Kearny.
SOCA PARTNER WANTED— CASH
— «JU. business, clearing to each $75 per
month; no night or Sunday work; must devote 8
hours each day to business. HEALY, 23 Kearny- J
ffi» I Xjlf) COFFEE, LUNCH AND ICE- i
<IPli/vJV/. cream parlors; vicinity of the Park;
owns building; 110 rent: great bargain: on account
of sickness. Apply HEALY <fc CO., 23 Kearny st.
ELEGANTLY FITTED-UP LIQUOR SALOON
vicinity Market and Geary: business of $20 per
day; make offer. HEALY & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
(EjO.^A RESTAURANT AND COFFEE SA-
tJPO«JI/. loon; buslnesi $25 per day; vicinity
Palace Hotel ; call to-day. HEALY. 23 Kearuy st.
(J>l 7E SALOON ON THIRD ST.; 3 LIVING^
•IM 4 O. rooms. Apply STENBERG & CO.. 632
Market st. .
"SjT7«AA RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-
<IpXUV/U. house: first-ciass running order;
daily receipts $65 to $70: full investigation solicit-
ed; will exchange for good rlty real estate. STEN-
BERG <te CO.. 632 Market st.
<2«Q^A RESTAURANT IN HEART OK
<JpO»Jl/. city;, business speaks for itself; well
worth $500; sold at sacrifice account of death.
STENBERG, 632 Market st.
<£• OA A A 'BAKERY'- IN ALAMEDA; FlRST-
ypwiUvv/. class -running order: one delivery
wa?on: daily receipts $35 to $40; mostly cash
countertrade: trial allowed parties meaning busi-
ness. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
\y A XTE IN LUXCH-COUXTE
»» and coffee saloon; daily receipts $27 to $35;
guaranteed to clear good wages; rare chance; $300
required. STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
©"I A A BUSINESS TAUGHT: EXPENSES
LUU. paid; after, $3 day. STANLEY, 2iy 3
Third st.
<2j97C CIGARS, NOTIONS, CANDIES;
O-— • ''• same hands 2 years; bargain. STAN-
LEY. 21V Third st.
© 1 QAA FAMILY HOTEL; 49 ROOMS: AL-
»]pXOUU. ways full; bargain. STANLEY, 2iy a
Third st. *
ANDY, ICE CREAM; FIXE LOCATION;
\J good trade. STANLEY, 2iy 2 Third st.
I AAA CORNER grocery AND BAR,
«JDIUUv/. with living-rooms: good bar trade;
cash custom; low rent: rare chance. Inquire 533
California St., Phoenix bar.
QjOkJX CIGAR-STORE AND BARBER-
*JpO^«J« shop on Market st. : must be sold: at a
great bargain. JOHNSTON, 261/2 Kearny st.
<GH 7|T RESTAURANT and OYSTER-SA-
«3I>X 4 O. loon: best location in the city: every-
thing new; good trade: low rent; a sure bargain.
JOHNSTON A CO., 26y 2 Kearny st. .
(jjjVXfT" FisH «TORE WITH ROUTE OF 250
tip 1 k)\J.~ customers: horse and wagon: clearing
$75 monthly. JOHNSTON & CO., 26V g Kearny.
<<7nn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
«JJS 4 UU.-very central: 2 living-rooms: present
owner 9 years. JOHNSTON, 26V2 Kearny st.
<Hl '-^ SA LOu:!f : BEST BLOCK MARKET ST;
o Ot)\Jm^ worth " doblne: great bargain: don't
miss this BARRETT* SKIFF, 921 Market st.
ffitl^n BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
t]plt)U. notion store; 4 finely furnished rooms;
A 1 location ; rents $14: receipts $3 to $5 day. Ap-
ply BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 921 Market st.
ffI«QXA COFFEE AND CHOP HOUSE, NEAR
«JpO«JU. Sixth and Market: receipts $15 a day;
jow rent. BARRETT «t SKIFF, 921 Market st.
J. i»AA A GREAT SACRIFICE: HOME
•T OUI/. bakery; cheap a: $500: doing business
of $15 day.: proof given: choice location; rent only
$17: trial. BARRETT & SKIFF, 9-1 Marketst.
<n.rAA SALOON; ESTABLISHED THE
tJntJIH". last 10 years; near Pine and Kearny
sts. : doing good business; must besacrificed; owner
East. Inquire 533 California St., Phoenix bar.
flfTrrrrv 14 ROOMS; ALL OUTSIDE AND
tip 4 O\J. fronting on O'Farrell . St.; elegantly
furnished. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
<3l 1 f^OO BU HALF-INTEREST IN LIV-
•j LtJUU. cry and boarding stable in heart of
city; clears $300 per month. COLTON, 906 Mar-
ket st. ' .
RANCH BAKERY; LIVING - ROOMS;
cheap rent; saiessls. HEGARTV, 1004 Mar-
ki-t st. « ■■ ■ ■
XT INK SALOON ACROSS THE BAY: 6 FUR-
X I nishedrms.: bargain. HEGARTY. IOO4 Market.
"c>"£| ii OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER GRO-
tJjsO''''. eery and bar, with living-rooms; rent
$20: mutt be sold in 3 days: very good paying:
greatest bargain. Inquire 533 California St., Phoe-
nix bar.
jjjC' i\ YOU. WANT A LIQUOR-STORE? IN-
tJpOell/. quire for bifgest bargain; has to be
sold at once: good, reason. REISER, 30 Fourth.
UST BE SOLD TO-DAY; MAKE AX OF-
fer: billiard, pool and saloon parlors at 129
O'Farrell st. ; first-class chance for 2 steady men;
no agents.
C~HEAP FOR CASH. ACCOUNT SICKNESS—
\J New England Home Bakery, 1817 Powell.
\J OARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE CHEAP ON
1> the city front. 104 Jackson st.
BOCKRY AND BAR FIXTURES, BUILD-
VX Ins and lease for sale. Apply at 220 East st; '■
(3* I fT 000 THE LARGEST AND BEST-
t]P 1 O,\J\J\J. paying beer grotto and restaurant:
cream of trade; , monthly profits $1000: books
open for inspection. Address W., 1148 Sutler st.
v i sk it WILL INVEST couple
hundred dollars to work paying gravel mine
with some honest working miner. -Address Miner,
General Delivery Postofiice, West Oakland. |
Ty ~e LL-eXST a 1; 1. 1 s h r: d WOOD, C 0.4 L, FEED
' " and livery stable; sickness. F., box 16. fail.
ITiOR SALE - DIU(. STORE IX OAKLAND;
an exceptional chance to secure a flnt-class
stand at alow fig ire; must be disposed of prompt-
ly. Apply to LAXGI.EY A MICHAELS CO., 34-
-40 FinS st., San Francisco.
tit 1 ?\l\ COMPLETE RESTAURANT OUT-
JJ)It)". fit good as new; bargain. D. McRAE,
831 Mission st.
HOME-BAKERY IX GOOD CORNER
X In Western Addition: good reasons for selling;
worth Investigating; trial given. Address H. 8.,
box 110, Call Ofllce.
IF YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUST
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
■'ift OOI) EVENING ROUTE FOR SALE. CALL
Vjr at 338 Green st.
rri OOD PAYING I".U SINE'S S, SUITABLE LADY
VJT o • geuticman: will exchange for city property;
would rent to right party; small capital reouired;
bear investigation ; no agents. Room 23, .vhiborn
House. Grant aye. . .
ipORSALE-BUTCHERINGBUSINESS.WITn
. fixtures and: lease, if required, in Alnmcda ]
County ; : must . be sold, as the proprietor bus busi-
ness else where; a splendid ■ nance for the right
man. Address B. A., box 146. this otlice.
(_ QAA MILK BUSINESS; ESTABLISHED
ipC\J\J. 1878;- 14 Cans, tine trade, 3 horses,
wagon. . buggy, ■ etc. : , also - 5 fresh thorou .• hbred
cows, producing 6 cans daily; sell with or without
cows: fine house and grounds; rent $15; clears
$100 monthly; sickness cause. 421 Eighth aye.,
near Point Lobos..
AN AGING PARTNER to HANDLE VAL-
nable proprietary : patent. Unit d Mates. and
English patents: no competition: large sales now;
immense profits; equal Investment:, owner has
other business. 'Address O. H., box 5, Call office.
<S«9AA ; YOUNG LADY WISHES GENTLE^
<jT'-«v/^'. man as partner in a good-paying restau-
rant in heart of city, taking in. $15 to $20 a day
and can; be increased; lady is a good cook and
takes charge of kitchen, and would like to get gen-
tlenia 1 to ti>ke In the cash and oversee the dining-
room. Inquire i)l mp, 333 Bush st. ; ■
«_ I 1 /i7.~Gi:XhKAL PRODUCHJ BUSINESS:
•r. IXI/ V. well established; fine location; -good
profits: doing trade with best p:ople; satisfactory
reasons for selling. : AXLE ,21 y a Third su '
HOKM AKE«-SUOP FOR SALE. 406 Va Mc-
Allister st., r . ■-■■■- '... ■
't'JAIIA 'RETAIL STORE ON MARKET
•IrOU\/V/. St.; clearing sEoo monthly. Particu-
lars, PIERCE, 22 Kearny.
LADY, WITH $50.; DESIRES GENTLEMAN
partuer, country business. ■ 12 Mason, room 2. .
B-STNTiss CHANCKB-Contlnnefl.
T7"OR RENT OR SALE— A BLACKSMITH AND
X 1 general jobbing shop, with tools and every-
thing complete; also dwelling-house, barn, wind-
mill, etc., standing on about oue acre of land cov-
er.cd with assorted fruit-trees; the shop has been
inn for over thirty years: place located in center of
the healthiest town in California; terms easy. For
further particulars Inquire of ALEXANDER
CM Ci^() BLACKSMITHIXG, HORSESHOE.
tjp±\to\t. ing business; clears over $100 per
month; includes lot, shop, tools, stock; owner go-
ing East. Owner, box 4, Call Office, Oakland.
"PLUMBING BUSINESS FOR SALK: CHEAP."
X Inquire L. HASS A CO., Adeline station. -i
Bfrfee ey. . "
1 IiIiAKANJJ NOTION STORE; STOCK AND
\J hxtares, 3026 Sixteenth st., bet. Mission and
Valencia. i ■ .
STORB TO RENT IX ST. HELENA: 25x75";
shelving complete lor drugstore: good loca-
tion. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
SHOESTORE— EST. 14 YEARS; FINE BUs£
kj ness: full set tools: machinery; reason for sell-
ing, death of owner. 11V6 Kentucky st., Potrero.
ft VI^AWAfT^ RESTAURANT: GOOD
v -* business; on account of departure. Apply this
UUTCHKRS; 5550; I WANT TO LEAVE FOR
1 * Alaska by April 15; best cash business in the
city. Address G. R,. box 72. Call Office.
©i^OO BUYS THK BEST COFFEE AND
W*J\J\J oyster parlor in city; owner must leave
in three days. Address A., box 16, Call Office.
CIGAR-STORE: GOOD LOCATION: MUST
\J sell on account of other business. Inquire 36
Kddy st.
OALY ARD FOR SALE; HORSES, WAGONS^
etc.; good trade: bouse rent free; long lease-
no agents. Apply at this office.
/-< OOD BRANCH BAKERY FOR SALE. 2007V>
ALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE FOR SALE
cheap. 547 Howard st.
SINGLE^ EXPRESS RIG AND STAND
cheap; good chance ; must sell. 626 Fourth st.
RANCH BAKERY: FINE TRADE AND LO-
JJ cation. Apply Call Office.
RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS. DAIRY PRO^
duce, etc. ; doing a good business : can be made
to pay well ; for sale cheap. Inquire at 110 Sixth.
MAN RETIRING FROM BUSINESS
wants to dispose of his first-class saloon. Ad-
dress M. R., box 131, Call Office.
ffljjAAA OLD ESTABLISHED RETAIL
tJpTV/l/V/. business Market st., doing business
$11,000 a year: more than price in stock; good res-
son for selling. A. 8., box 46, Call Office.
(HjOXA PARTNERSHIP; GOOD PAYING
qpOO\J. business; no experience required; clears
to each $20 to $25 weekly; trial. 307 O'Farrell st.
Chicken" ranch for sale: cheap
\J rent; 1000 laying hens: 300 young chlcsens;
horse and wagon; harness; cow and tools. In-
quire W. E. ARNDT, 529 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPH GALLERY TO LET: $12 PER
X month; second floor; 18x65. G. C YOUNG,
Petaluma. ' . (
ffljOXA A BARGAIN-OYSTER AND CHOIHI
«JP_iUI/. house; worth $500; owner going to"
Alaska next month. Apply this office.
CJ"9£O FIRST-CLASS saloon cheap;
«]p_i«Jl/. must be sold this week: owner going
East. BILLY SHANNON, 209 Ellis st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CHEAP;
\J owner going away. 321 Twenty-fourth st.
ONE OF THE OLDEST AND BEST-PAYING
coffee saloons, connected with a bakery and
confectionery, centrally located, on one of the main
thoroughfares of this city, is for sale at a reasona-
ble price on account of the proprietor's withdrawal
from business. Inquire during office hours at the
law oilice of FRANK SCHILLING, 608 Califor-
nia st.
PAYING BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY;
X splendid location. Address Business, box 3, this
office.
©1 7t\ BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTIONS;
tip L 4 O. rent $16; 3 rooms. Apply Call Office.
OALOON FOR SALE; LOW RENT; LONG
0 lease. Apply at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific *
N OLD ESTABLISHED BUTCHER BUSl-
ness in one of the principal markets in this
city; owner desires to leave the city owing to ill
health. Address H. H.. box 71, Call Office.
OOD PAYING SODA AND BOTTLE-BEER
business for sale in St. Helena, Apply 404 Mo-
Allisterst.
ALF INTEREST IN 60-ROOM LODGINO-
house and cigar store. E. 8.. box 5, this office.
"L'IRST-CLASS SALOON IX WESTERN AD-
X dilion: good trade from hall upstairs: low rent.
Apply to DONNELLY & BRANNAN, 1071 Mis
slon st. , cor. Seventh.
TTOTEL, WITH BAR AND 34 ROOMS; ALL
XX occupied; north of Market run by present
owner 10 years; everything in good condition; U
cheap; forsale on account of departure from busi-
ness. Apply at 400 Bay st., cor. Mason, 8. F.
LEX DID BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR
alive man: grocery and bar for sale, cliv»i\ 9
living-rooms: rent only $20: good reason*. Apply
SCULLY «fe SON, 420 Sacramento st.
PAPER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
X Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only. . _■ -.
tODGING-lIOUSKS FOX SAI.f,,
'T MTiin>Ecirira)T67)2^^
16 rooms, choce location $475
20 rooms, very finest corner, north Sacriti
37 rooms, corner, well furnished..'. $1200
72 rooms, immense bargain, all rented $360 .
—ROOMS: NEW FLAT
CHEAP RENT
— — SUNNY SIDE OF STREET — -
Owner must leave the city ; offer wanted.
65 rooms, clearing $200. only. $200G
60 rooms on Market St., new 420 C
20 rooms on Fourth St., only . 600
16 rooms on Taylorst .• 760
46 rooms on Market st .2-500
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth
ICE LODGING-HOUSE: 12 ROOMS; AC-
li count departure. 221 Minna st.
T)OARDING-IioUSE~OF~IS~NICELY FUB-
X) nished rooms in perfect order: all occupied:
17 to 20 boarders: reasonable. 508 Vi Jessie st.3S
©QAA 11 ROOMS: NR. KEARNY; CLEAR.')
«JpOUU. $30; bargain. HEGARTY, 1004 MkL
1 Q ROOMS; NEW: PIANO; CENTRAL; PAY?
1O big: sacrifice. HEG ARTY, 1004 Market st
FURNISHED HOUSE, 10 ROOMS .
— 1 business portion city. Address E. 8., box 53,
this office.
il US. id:*: io»; »al._.
6^T^sTL^^BTA^jT~^VAiCN^?T~B^DRc)O»t
set, bed lounge, baby carriage and crib bed; aIT
nearly new; terms reasonable. .Apply this week
at 810 Greenwich st.
1 FURNITURE 4 ROOMS AND HOUSEHOLD
goods; 2 roomers and 3 steady boarders will re-
main. 729 1 /<8 Minna st. •
HEAT BARGAIN— NEARLY NEW FURNl-
ture 18 rooms In storage. 139 Fourth, rm. 19.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND b k rv
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step; furniture ex chged. 779 Mission.
IRE SALE !
Prices stand till goods are completely die-
posed of.
Oak bed sets «1« 50
Bed lounges • 8 00
Stoves 7 50
Carpets, peryard 5*
Linoleum, per yard *i
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building Is erected these price* w'*' ■
stand. Till such time we are conducting husyi/
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission sts.
NOON AN. . J_
A(\C\ CARPETS; CHAMBER SETS, $14;
IA'U stoves. $5. parlor sets. $20: folding-beds,
$10; bed-ounges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY. 113 4tM.
4 ROOMS FURNITURE. NEW .$75
lounges trimmed with plash $5 SO
Brussels Carpet, laid 45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 up
Window shades In s colors 25c up
SIIIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market su opposite
Grant avenue: 110 branch » ores .
. tAUI'KI Ci.irJA.\iNU.
"tonics coT^carFet - cleaning and
v renovating works. Main office 25 and 87 th.
p BEAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
VJ ing works: latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.offlce 11 Klghth St.; phone Jessie 253.
pARPETS CLEANED, 3c PKRYAKD: KB-
\J laid, 5c per yard. S. STRATTOX. li» K.ighth.
IT Y STEAM CARPET CLEAN I NO VA-
ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, ro*r. Tel. HOOtlHsm
CARPEJS cijcankS AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERtiUSON A CO.. 231 «nth: tot
South 36. d. MACKINTOSH A CO.. successors.
E.MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO.. 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND R K .•«-
-• ovniini; works.. 453 Stevenson: t«l. south 228.
r HKX YOU BECOME DISOU9TKD WITH
»» poor work send to SPA ULDINU PioneerC«r> ,
T<t Beating Works. 853-7 Tthama: »»'•. So-*U-
'ONKLIN CARPET BtATINU U'OKKa. isf
1 ; *iol«l"n Hate ivp, : telephone e»' J^6. _, ^^—
STOUAUfi L>~™^
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., < 132 ELLIS;
. low rates: flic-proof building: Eastern plan.
fll. H. ROONEY. 722 MIsSION-STOKAQE AT r
1'. reduced rates: basement stor»ge,sl 60 per load
STORAGE OF FURNITURK, PIANOS, ETCT
R. F. OSBORX & CO.. 7.M »° d 753 Market st.
PPLY FOR RATES f OR"»TORING FURXl-
ture, etc. SIIIREK & SHI i>EK. 747 Market.
TORAOEOFFURNITURK. PIANOS, HOUSR.
O told goods, etc J. M- PIERCE. 735 Market st
ILSON BROTHERS! 1710^ MARKET-
TT Storage: low rate*: telephone bouth 762.
ATTOK> t Vv A f-LA^
ADVI'CKFRKE-PIVOKCKLAWS A SPRc'IT
slty ; private; no charge unless successful; adl
law suits, claims, ■collections, wills, deeds, etc.. hUM
tended to. O. W. HoWE. att y-at-law. 850 Marltet~
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY- AT- _AW. 71»
. Market st.: advice free.,
TJ. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
.law: advice frif. 24 Sixth »t.. rooms 14.13.
W. DAVIDSON. ATTORNKY-AT-LAW,4af
• CsiUoiQis su km. Li-li; sdrtce tree.■j^l norsEs TO LJBT. -
P^TrXVE^TTT^ECoTD ST.NR. DOLORES
.'^-i —5 nice sunny room3_aj___^h_JPlj_____
(in MARY ST.. Nil. FIFTH AND MISSION-
ED S nice sunny rooms. $12: 4 rooms, $14.
iO.)' V SANCHEZ ST., COR. ARMY— 6 NICE
I O— O2 gunny rooms: »8; very cheap.
1 CIO JONES BVY-WrSDOW house 7
J DIE rooms, m« era basement, yard, flue ma-
rine view; half bio k from Jackson-st. cars.
...)- • MISSION— KENT REDUCED; HOUSE
JioOl 8 rooms; $18. Apply 2245 Mission St., or
724 Twentieth.
II - CEDAR, AVE.. NORTH OF GEARY,
II ntar Van Ness: bouse of 7 rooms|atid bath;
rent reduced to 920. water included. ■-.
APPRECIATED IK BKKN— B29V4 SUTTER,
J\ near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
qi , ELLIS. ABOVE VAN NESS— SUNNY
0 1 '1 house of 7 rooms; modern improvements.
"piRST FLOOR, FIVE ROOMS, 812 JESSIE
X st.. near Ninth: rent, $14: key in grocery.
-v - ICE HOUSE 6 ROOMS, BATH AND BASE-
-L.\ ment; rent $18- 122 Webster St., nr. Haight.
House OF i ■ ROOMS; ■ KENT $12. 211
Twelfth st.
Ml) SUNNY' HOUSE; 5 ROOMS; YARD;
»^l_. basement ; good order. Key 2228 Geary.
TO LET— AX ELEGANT NEW .MODERN
1 lions-; 9 rooms, bath and finished basement;
Jackson St., bet. Laurel and Locust: marine view:
rent reasonable. WILL E. FISHER «fc CO., 14
Post su -. ". ■; - - ■ ■ ■
BAY-WINDOW HOUSE OF 4 BOOMS; 210
Perry St., just off Fourth; rent $12 50. water
free. A ply to UMBSEN, 14 Montgomery »t.
HOUSE; 9 ROOMS: BATH; NEWLY PA-
perea and painted yard: $35. Tenth st., bet.
Howard and Mission; key at 128, next door.
inflO BUCHANAN. "NEAR MCALLISTER—
IvUO Sunny house: 11 rooms and bath; electric
bells and all modern improvements; rent reason-
able. • ■ . ••_; '
HOUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH, BASEMENT,
large yard, 730 Capp: cottage 5 rooms, hath,
large basement, three stalls. 107 Germania.
QQn MODERN HOUSE AT 2529 PINE,
O«JV« corner Scott; go and see it. '
OUSE 10 ROOMS AND BARN; VERY
cheap. Apply NICOL. 5841 California st.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BAT AN YARD;
rent $15. 147 Valencia st.
HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED; PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN &
HAMMOND 10 Montgomery st.
FUKXISUEO HOUSES.
SUNNY HANDSOMELY FURNISHED FLOOR
kJ of 4 rooms, bath, etc.: suitable for family or
physician: reasonable 913 Polk st., near Geary.
nnAA STEINER, NEAR SACRAMENTO—
■_J_.UO Finely furnished 7 rooms; bath; whole or
part to responsible parties. Call Ito4p. m.
LEG AN T FURNISHED HOUSE— REASON-
IJ able rent. WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post. j
IpURNISHED HOUSE TO RENT IN A DESIR- I
! able location for a term of 3 to 6 months: sunny
bouse of 8 rooms, bath and large garden. For par-
ticulars and privilege to Inspect apply to W. DO-
LAN, 130 Batter st. '
I BURNISHED HOUSE FOR SALE: 8 ROOMS;
J reasonable. Address H. R.. box 149. Call Office.
■ cottages TO list.
SXnOSY COTTAGE OF 4 LARGE ROOMS;
reasonable. Apply 2501 Larkin st.
ij.ll CA SMALL COTTAGE. 3 TAY ST.,
0 11 • t)U. near corner Clay and Powell.
C|Q 'A CHEAP COTTAGE. 11 RU-SELL
*]pi/.«Jv' . st.. near corner Hyde and Union.
ARGE COTTAGE: BATH; YA RD; STABLE
i for 4 horses. 913 Fourteenth st.
MODERN, 5-ROOM, BAY' WINDOW COT-
tase; bath; basement: fine yard. 737 Treat
avenue. '_
& 1 1 COTTAGE 6 ROOMS. CELLAR. CLARA,
0 -l-*"i« near Fifth. 3-5 Fifth st.
©Q K A COTTAGE; 3 BOOM& PROSPECT
t^O.tJl' aye., between Twenty - seventh and
Twenty-eighth, near Mission.
pOTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS; COR. GREEN AND
\J Polk sts.
"qTt|~ NEW COTTAGES; BAY-WINDOWS; 4
Oil- rooms. Point Lobos aye. and Collins st.
furnished FLATS.
T7^9^k^vy~^siialil Sunny flat!
1 O- — ~ nicely furnished.
.FLATS iv JIKI.
T|V) li' ■. ■ . i : si^T^rT BlTaDE^ickl~MT»rT.
LU-.-lf.rn middle flat of. 5 rooms and bath;
sunny side; very low rent. Apply E ASTON,
ELDKIDGE & CO,. 633 Market St.
■CM Q FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH AND
tjplO. stable; 1131 \ork st. R. J. MERCER
«fc SON. 410 Finest. " ' ~
~T A. A.— MODERN FLAT. 5 ROOMS AND
-V • bath, to rent cheap: furniture for sale at a
sacrifice; one month's rent free to purchaser; this
- opportunity to get cheap rent will be withdrawn
April 4.:- Apply on premises, 805 Page st. -"-•• -
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW; 5 ROOMS; MOD-
era. 320 Shotwell st., near Eighteenth; cheap.
A LMOST NEW FLAT, 5 LARGE SUNNY'
-A. rooms; bath: modern. 23 Elgin Park. . -.
I" LAT. 6 ROOMS; SUNNY'; $14; ALSO SUN-
ny cottage; $11. 629 Second st., nr. Brannan.
TOWER FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH. 12 50:
JU lower flat 3 rooms. $8. 1024 Nineteenth st. .
1 1 QQJttOW ARD— NICE SUNNY FLAT OF 4
1100 rooms; cheap rent.
9 MODERN UPPER FLATS, LIGHT AND
— sunny, near Garfield Park: rent low. Apply
3 117J& ghotwell st., near Twenty-fifth.
991 Q SLTTER— MODERN UPPER FLAT; 7
_£._; 1 V large sunny rooms and bath: $25.
UNNY NEW FLAT; 5 ROOMS: MODERN
O improvements; $12. Kansas and Yolo sts.
Oil Q BAY-WINDOW FLAT: 5 ROOMS AND
» 1 '/. bath; key at house. 1006% Guerrero st.
SUNNY' FLAT, 4 ROOMS, BATH, SET
-0 1 tubs: rent $16. 414 Lily aye.
, gio FLAT OF 5 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH.
*510. K. corner Polk and Jackson sis.
COQ NEW MODERN SUNNY UPPER
♦310. corner flat, 6 rooms, bath, stable. 4600
Eighteenth st.
QOf\ FIFTEENTH ST., BET. MARKET AND
000 Noe— s rooms, bath ; rent cheap.
A '9 TENTH— NEW SUNNY' CORNER FLA.T;
trU— . 6 rooms, bath: rent cheap. .
LAT, 4 BOOMS; VALENCIA ST.; RENT
$14. Apply 533 Guerrero st.
C*U TO COTTAGES AND FLATS; GOOD
£)O tenants wanted. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
A to NEW: 5 ROOMS: BATH; «UN ALL
»^lO.day: yard; worth looking at. 1226b
Union st. .
OWER FLOOR OF 8 SUNNY' BOOMS, EN-
XJ tlrely separate, with yard. Key 648 Minna st.
TTPPER FLAT 4 LARGE SUNNY' ROOMS;
U gas, bath, bay-window. 725 V& Minna st.
UNNY UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS; RENT
0 reasonable to small family. Inquire cor. O'Far-
rell and Biedeman sts., above Scott.
I^LAT, 10 ROOMS. $20. 102 MISSION ST., NR.
Spear: key at corner saloon. i
IfilNE FLAT 7 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
1 modern improvements: rent $35. 625 Golden
Gate aye., between Van Ness and Franklin. . -_.
ffl.l 9 FOR THE BEST 5-ROOM NEW FLAT
•J"!--! with bath in this city; water free; investi-
gate the place and save money. 529 Ivy aye.
"I jri 1,1616% MISSION ST., NR. ELEVENTH
1' ) 1 1 —5 beautiful sunny rooms ; bath, laundry,
yard.
dl /« FINE SUNNY MIDDLE FLAT; VERY
glO, low rent. 432 Seventh St., nr. Harrison.
O-\ Ql LINDEN AYE.— FLAT OF 9 ROOMS
0102 ana bath; rent cheap.
71 C OCTAVIA— FLAT OF & BOOMS; BATH,
•1 0 gas, basement and yard.
Ql O AND $14; BATH, jvTC. 641 VALt.N-
<D1 0 cia St., near Eighteenth.
TTPPER SUNNY FLAT 7 ROOMS; RENT 915.
U Apply 438V 2 Sixth st.
inr PAGE ST.; BET. GOUGH AND OCTA-
I— 'J via: Hat of 4 rooms; *13 60.
"Q7 4-ROOM FLAT, UNFURNISHED. 522
( 0 • • Howard. _
MODE KN~~UPPER FLAT; 2-STORY HOUSE:
6 large rooms and bath: cellar: sunny yard;
no small children ' 1423y 2 Hayes st.
aio .16 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEINER ST.,
'tJIIO. near Geary— Lower floor. 3 large sunny
rooms, yard and cellar. Inquire 1911 Geary st.
■\teiiy~nTcT: SUNNY UPPER FLAT, 6 ROOMS
V and bath;. s22 00.- 728% Grove, near Webster.
(_»1 Q' A MODERN: FLAT 7 ROOMS, BATH,
r*MO. closets, elevator, at 957 Union st., Oak- j
land. KOENIG it KKOLL, 1006 Broadway, Oak-
land. '
T- LEG ANT FLAT,. 6 ROOMS "a ND BATH:
JL all improvements. 713% Grove st.
1 7i EW STEPS FROM CITY' HALL; ELEGANT
F flat-; 5 rooms and bath. 10 Grove st.
YEW SUNNY- FLAT: 5 ROOMS AND BATH;
IN was $20, DOW 913 50: Castro cable; see photo-
graph. KoVEY. 508 California st.
7- , i 9 HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
W'l_ of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc
OZY FLATS: SUNNY. NICE LOCATION;
4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4
7>ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
JJ contented; fiat rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery su
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
TO LEASE.
. k£bZ£Bo l'l i i i-kontTjn bay st.,
* bet. Powell and Mason, by average depth of 140
feet, with buildings and power if required; admir-
ably lotted to cannery or; other purposes.- Apply
California Wire Works, 332 Bay St.. or 8 Pine st.
IJUILDI>'GANX»! LOAN ASSOCIATION
/•'iiNi j.\k.\ I Al, BCILDINO AJfo'lJOA^TAii,
V/ •ociation— Home office, 222 Sansome sb, 8 F,
Uenerai savings &. loan business. Ed E. HUl.Pms.
Cllvex Jfc-ianate V.Jfr.; W Corbin,Bec<fcCie_M»a |
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
California Street.
1 AC\ ft CALIFORNIA — 4 OR 5 S, UN N V
IWO rooms; bath; suitable for housekeeping;
reasonable.
£<l<ly Street.
1"I Q EDDY— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
HO housekeeping: other sunny rooms; $5 up.
Filth Street.
O1 i FIFTH- 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
OX*± rooms; running water; bath; private fam-
ily; no children: $9.
O9^ FIFTH— FURNISHED HOUSE-
— O keeping: 3 rooms ?13; single $5.
A 9QI FIFTH — SUNNY BtiDROOM AND
"I— O2 kitchen .furnished for housekeeping:
water in kitchen..
Fulton Street.
lIP FULTON ST. — TWO LARuE SUNNY
11O' rooms, complete for housekeeping, $10.
tieary St.: eet.
91 71 GEARY— THREE SUNNY UNFUR-
— 1 • 'i nished housekeeping rms. Key 217 Geary.
Grove Street.
](i]r GROVE ST., NEAR LYON— 3 SUNNY
lulu housekeeping rooms; private family.
Harriet Street.
9Q HARRIET -FURNISH ED BOOMS FOR
~fj housekeeping.
Harrison Street.
41 7 HARRISON — 2 NICELY' FURNISHED
"ill fr it rooms for housekeeping; cheap.
Howard Street.
7A Q HOWARD— 2 OR 3 SUNNY' ROOMS
I '1(7 nicely furnished for housekeeping; private
family. - .- - ' .-" •
11 101 HOWARD-HOUSEKEEPING ROOM
X X 102 $2 50 week; other rooms $1 50 week.
1 1 9 HOWARD^ SUNNY' FRONT FUR-
-1 L"l- nished housekeeping rooms; rent $10 and
$15. ■ ' t
l.agima Street. - ,
QAQ LAGUNA, NX. MCALLISTER— LARGE
OUO front room and kitchen, furnished first
class: sun all day; $11 : large front parlor.
X-arkin Street.
QA i LARKIN- SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
OUtt room and kitchen, $9 50.
McAllister Street.
-go MCALLISTER— HANDSOMELY FUR-
DOO nished parlor; also room with kitchen, for
light housekeeping. "
Minna street.
A NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS, SUITABLE
T: for housekeeping. 311 Minna st.
«!/•' MINNA, NR. FIFTH — SUITE OF 2
ODO sunny rooms furnished for housekeeping.
ZAR MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
O'itD housekeeping; large yard.
1&4 MINNA— FRONT AN D BACK HOUSE-
ztO'i- keeping rooms: separate entrance.
Mission street.
QQQ MISSION — 2 FURNISHED ROOMS
000 housekeeping; also single, $5 per month.
1 H9J MISSION— HOUSEKEEPING ROOM;
IU-T running water; bath; no children; $8.
1 AQQ M I S S I O N— SUNNY FURNISHED
LVJiJO rooms for light housekeeping.
>atoma Street.
r»n' ATOM A— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
Ov/«J housekeeping: also single.
Ninth Street.
9A NINTH. NEAR MARKET— FURNISHED
— U rooms; single; suites: houskpg; . grate; gas.
'AO NINTH— FURNISHED ROOMS, COM-
%)\j^i piete for housekeeping; rent low.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL ST., CORNER MARKET, OPPOSITE
0 Octavia— 2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well fur-
nished; housekeeping; running water: sink.
Perry Street.
19Q PERRY— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
1 _ •' housekeeping.
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 nn POINT LOBOS AYE.— THREE SUNNY
—■I_,U furnished rooms; housekeeping; bath;
$12; no children.
Polk Street.
Q9Q POLK — NICELY FURNISHED PAR-
O— lors; also other roms; reasonable.
Post Street.
61 C POST— 2 CONVENIENT SUNNY VS-
DXO furnished rooms for housekeeping.
Seventh Street. '
. 9-1/1 SEVENTH— RENT: FURNISHED
aID rooms: chraD: housekeeping If desired.
A Of* SEVENTH— 4 SUNNY' HOUSEKEEP-
■iOO ing rooms. '■"■■: •
Sixth Street.
9-1 n\ SIXTH — FRONT ROOM WITH
i.iOa kitchen; rent reasonable: housekeeping.
AAQ SIXTH —FURNISHED AND UNFUR-
"iUO nished rooms to let: full furnished for
housekeeping: also single; prices reasonable.
'9Q SIXTH— 4 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
O~'J and cellar: rent cheap to good tenant.
Stockton Street.
A-l 7 STOCKTON — 2 CONVENIENT FUR-
J "xl i nished housekeeping rooms; 12 other
i rooms.
Teliaxna .Street.
QAQ TEHAMA, NEAR FOURTH SUNNY
OUO furnished housekeeping rooms.
.'lurk Street.
-94 TURK, NR. LAP.KIN— UPPER FLOOR
t)_,'tr of 4 sunny rooms and bath.
Van >e»s Avenue.
71 A VAN NESS-SUNNY FRONT PARLOR
I 1" suite; completely furnished for housekeep-
ing; $26.
1 A9l VAN NESS AYE., near GEARY— 2
X"i- L adjoining rooms complete for house-
keeping^
Miscellaneous.
SUITE; 1 ! 3 SUNNY' ROOMS: FINE VIEW;
0 central; $18. J. 0., box 113, Call office.
a NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS ON GOLDEN
*i Gate aye. for housekeeping; references. Ad-
dress E., box 53, this office.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
-£\. WEEKLY CALL. In wranper. for mailing.
KOOMS TO LEX.
Bush Street.
71 71 BUSH ST.— SUNNY' ROOMS, $4 PER
% 1 1 2 month.
797 BUSH— HANDSOMELY' FURNISHED
* — — ' ■ apartment suite, siDgle, $7 up; housekeep-
ing.
Castro Street.
_;AC CASTRO— FOR SALE— 2 LARGE FUR-
\L\JO Dished rooms and pantry; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; all new; will be sold
cheap: rent $10; nice lawn.
1 clay Street.
1 9 EDDY— LARGE SUNNY BAY-WINDOW
1 — single or en suite; suitable for doctor; cheap.
1 1 O EDDY'— NEAT, SUNNY SINGLE ROOM
L 1 O for gentleman; $6.
9A_l l EDDY. 2ND DOOR— LARGE SUNNY
furnished room for gentleman.
•: i a EDDY' — LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
•Jl\J room: neat single room; reasonable; pri-
vate family.
i-ighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
1 AQ EIGHTH-FURNISHED FRONT ROOM;
1 v/t7 cheap. .-
Ellis Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST., SAN FRAN-
-1 Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well-appointed, quiet
house, containing 150 rooms, large and small;
sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and electricity,
hot and cold running water in each room; elevator
and fire escapes: situate convenient to the busi-
ness center of the city, principal hotels and thea-
ters; electric-cars direct 10 ferry and park pass the
I door.
Q9 A ELLIS— SUNNY' SINGLE ROO M;
O— -U rent 98.
000 ELLIS — ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
000 sunny rooms: also large parlor suite.
~~- - fifth ■street. "
9AI FIFTH (CHANGED HANDS)-NICELY
— ' '■; furnished front suites and single; also
housekeeping. : . ■■ . ■ >- j
QQ FIFTH-NICE SUNNY FRONT SINGLE
OO and double rooms: $5 up.
Fillinore Street.
ml FILMORE— 6 SUNNY BOOMS; BATH;
it 'cheap to good tenant.
fourth ; Street.
QAQ FOURTH, NEAR FOLSOM— NICE, SUN-
O\'O ny furnished rooms: also housekeeping;
. Geary Mree.,. -
91 Q GEARY' — GROUND FLOOR: LARGE
<— I •) front room suitable for business: key 217.
9I Q G EAR V — SUITE OF LARGE feUNN Y
1 _JI V parlors, nicely furnished. ;. "
C 1 Q (iLAKV- ELEGANT FRONT - SUITE,
•JJ O suitable for dressmaker or doctor; others.
QQQ GEARY— BUNNY BOOM, 95;
CO V large front room, 98.
. Glen Park Avenue.
5 GLEN PARK AYE., OFF TWELFTH— I UN-
>) fornlshed sunny room; closet; bath.
THE SAN FKANCJLSCU CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
Oolden Gate Avenue. ■ * *
900 GOLDEN GATE AYE.— SUNNY FUR-
favu nished or unfurnished rooms for one or two;
private entrance. . - - - v - ■ , ■ ■
»_>OA GOLDEN GATE AYE. — DESIRABLE
*JO\J sunny room for 1 or 2 gents; private fam-
ily: «10. - ■ "
CiO] GOLDEN GATE-LARGE FRONT ROOM
UOx lor light housekeeping; other rooms $7 up;
large yaid. ■ .
Ciougli reet. • *
ijnf* Goran, cor. McAllister— nicely
1 UO furnished sunny front room; terms reason-
Abie. - . ■-. . - ■  . ;..,-■•
" Grove Street.
1 AC GROVE, NEAR POLK-NICELY FUR-
Ivi* nished large front room, $**.
91 9 GROVE, ABOVE VAN NESS-2 NICELY
— 1-— ■ furnished front sunny rooms in private
family ; rent $6 and $10.
i. Jessie.Street.
__Q9 JESSIE. NEAR MINT-SUNNY FUR-
t:»J«> nished rooms, double and single, cheap.-
Howard Street..
QQQ HOWARD (THE ORLANDO)— NICELY'
tJQtJ furnished rooms, single and .suites, from
$1 60 to $3 60 per week: open all night; transient.
d on esstrcer.
907 JONES — THE VAN WINKLE: NEW !
~V/ I management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to $30. j
Kearny Street.
Of\ REAR NY — ROOM FIRST FLOOR. UN-
O\J furnished: for physician or dressmaker.
A KLI.NGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEA9-
-1 v ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first claw
in very respect: terms reasonable. '
■"•; J.angtnn Street.
MX. LANGTON— SUNNY' FRONT ROOM TO
■it) let; private family; suitable for 2; $8.
Larkin Street.
A9Q LARKIN — NICELY FURNISHED
*:i~-t' suites: single: housekeeping: bath: gas.
111 9 LARKIN— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
111— nicely furnished: rent reasonable.-
.Market Street.
ELEGANT OFFICES AND FURNISHED
J J rooms at 850 Market St., corner Stockton.
Y^OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
1 Sixth and fceventh— Single and suites: per
Eilitht. 35c 10 $1 : week. $1 50 to $5: families
11 99 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
1. 1— — rooms, suites and single, from $2 to $6 a
week.
McAllister Street.
£1 71 MCALLISTER— LARGE SUNNY FUR-
Dl t 'i nishedroom; grate, gas, bath: rent low.
::.V.' ; . Martha I'lace.
6 MARTHA PLACK, NKARTAY'LOR— LARGE
sunny room for 2, $9; private.
Murye Terrace.
6 MAYER TERRACE, OFF TURK BET. HYDE
and Larkin— Sunny newly furnished; gas, bath.
Mason Street.
i 1 7 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUITES
'11 ( and single rooms: reasonable.
Minna >treet.
37"! MINNA— LARGE FURNISrfED SUNNY
Oil basement room; stove, closets, etc.; private
family. •: .
417 MINNA— 2 OR 3 LARGE SUNNY
"ill rooms, suitable for housekeeping.
f<f\l MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
-00 I nished bay-window rooms; $1 week- tran-
sient. :;.-;..
1 AOQMINAN, OFF LAFAYETTE - TWO
IUOv nicely furnished rooms: single and one
suitable for two; batn: no children: cheap.
Mission >treet.
T^UROPE HOUSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
XJ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
-i 999 MISSION— I OR 2 LARGE ROOMS
X£i£iJU furnished for light housekeeping.
--• Montgomery Street.
A-\ DA MONTGOMERY .. AYE.— NEWLY FUR-
"llO nished sunny rooms: bath; gas; reasonable.
O'Farreil Street. .
1 99 O'FARRE LL— SUNNY - FRONT ROOM;
I——, elegantly furnished; all conveniences; cen-
tral: $14.
AOO O'FARRELL, BET. TAYLOR ANU
aOO Jones— House 9 rooms, bath; rent reduced.
Q9*_> O'FARRELL— NICE SUNNY ROOM FOR
tj^iO gentleman; $8. ' '
Fine Street.
r>9l PINE— ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN: $6
O--1 up; i-unnlng water: gas; quiet. ■ ■ , .
. Folk street. . T. .. .
17 POLK— FRONT. BAY-WINDOW ROOMS:
1 double or single: $4 to $12: also housekeeping.
Ql O POLK— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED aL-
t/JLO cove frotH sunny room: bay window: new.
j carpets and furniture; suitable for 2 young men;
1 also, hnndsomely furnished single rooms; reason-
able: gas:, bath. . , • - .-.-.• .
11 Q Q FOLK. COR. SUTTER— 2 SUNNY BAY-
x LOO window rooms, new building.
Post. Street.
RO~l POST— NICE FURNISHED ROOM FOR
OOl' single; gas, running water and bath; $5 1
and it 6 month. ;
1 owell Street.
99?: POWELL. COR. GE ARY-3 FURNISHED
£"->O rooms for offices or housekpg; ground floor.
Sanchez Street.
/J1 SANCHEZ — NICE ROOM; $4; GAS;
tn bath; board optional.
Sansouie Street.
Ql SANSOME, NEAR BROADWAY— FINE
Oil) sunny furnished rooms: $3 month and up-
ward.
• Silver Street.
OQ SILVER— DOUBLE AND SINGLE ROOMS,
t)O furnished.
Slitter Street.
THE ALEXANDRIA, 781 SUTTER-ELE-
gant rooms; first-class dlniiiK-room; elevator.
7 Taylor Street.
1 TAYLOR— 3 SUNNY ROOMS, WITH
1 *-»/ bath: furnished or unfurnished.
14Q TAYLOR— AN ELEGANT LA RGK NEW-
Kit/ ly furnished front parlor, reasonable.
AI A TAYLOR— FURNISHED BACK PAR-
iluior, suitable ■ for lady, $9; modern flat;
also single bed room ; $8 ; bath.
c <>i TAYLOR— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
• ;_._ ny room for gentlemen; $7.
lliirri Srreet.
WINCHESTER HOU^E-44 THIRD. NEAR
Market: most convenient and respectable: 200
rooms 26c to $1 60 per night; *1 50 to $6 per week;
electric lights in every room: reading r m : »re« bus.
Twelfth Street.
4 TWELFTH ST.. COR. MARKET- 2 NICELY
tr furnished rooms; $7 and 93.
1 wenty-Second. Street.
790 TWENTY-SECOND. Ml. VALENCIA
I ZiO large back parlor, newly furnished, suitable
for 1 or 2 gentlemen; also 2 furnished rooms for
light housekeeping, reasonable.
Van >ess Avenne.
909 VAN NK9B -NICELY FUR-
_•)_ nished front corner rooms and kitchen; I
complete for housekeeping; also furnished rooms
for gentlemen.
Webster Street.
mWEBSTER-2OR 3 LARGE HANDSOME
4 XX rooms furnished or unfurnished.
Miscellaneous.
STRICTLY PRIVATE -TO RENT, FUR-
nished, 2 lovely sunny rooms, suitable for gen-
tleman aDd wife; best of references given and re-
quired. Address S. I__ box 49. Call Ofllce.
I" |>ulton HOUSE, opp. CITY HALL-FUR-
nisbed rooms, single and suites: $8 and $16, up.
pORNEB BAY-WINDOW SUNNY SUITES
VJsuitable for doctors or dentists. Grand Southern,
SE. cor. 7th and Mission: elevator: moderate rate*
BiJAiiUilui' Aisi> iitJOiis.
14i25S B fc2f 7 S? r ■»«■"■» rooms;
Xt:J — i with board, $50; marine view.
CQO ELLIS-NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
fJOif rooms, parlor floor, with bocrd.
9QQ HYDE-LARGE SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
**VU large grounds; extra table.: .:.-
Q i)A G E A R Y— N EWLY FURNISHED SUNN i'
t/^-^r rooms, suitable for gentlemen, with board.
|7»BONT ALCOVE SUITE, WITH EXCELLENT
X board for 2; reasonable. 710 Geary st.
I QOQ GEARY-SUNNY FRONT BUTTE, WITH
OOU private bath, suitable for family ; first-class
board; reasonable. '\ .'
lift TCRK-REMODELED-NEWLY FURN-
XX Wished suites and slngle;flrst-class table board
VfICELY FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
XI passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; f 2, $2 60, $3 per week and up; $8 . to
$30 mo. Hackmeier's Motel. GEO. GRUENIG, Pr.
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 ■ a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG. pro-
prletor: board and room $6 and $6 a week and up.
OTKL BERTEINgT7I4 .bUSH-A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
en conveniences. ■ '■■-...■ ■
Cl*iLl>iti..S BOAKI>iiL».
N"Tce^63Se^tol^^:hxl^e^7^^sic;
1 V elocution close to good school 810 per
month. Box 23, Golden Gate, Alameda County. •
QUIET HOME : FOR INFANT; MOTHER'S
tender care; 2 ladies; no other children. ■■■ Call
or address E. H., 1636 Grove su
STORKS TO LET.
Q^TL^TE^n^X^F6ItETI?rV^'R^OMS^
O«J cheap rent. . •
f\(\O SUTTER— NEWLY DECORATED; FUR-
«-" 'O pished or unfurnished; suitable for office or
studio.
HOP ROOM; r25x60; WITH OR WITHOUT
power. 1620 Mission, st. .
O-STORY. HOUSK; 8 ROOMS; NEAR MAIL
— dock; store fixtures. 268 Bran nan st.
A 1 L* FOURTH-SMALL STORE, WITH ROOM
rtXKf In rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
SEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
«. OFFICKS TO LET.
OFFICES AND ROOMS TO LET— THE "AL-
exandna," 781 butter st.; light, heat, hot and
cold water and elevator service free; first-class
dining-room In building. Apply on premises or to
WILL I£. FISHER & CO., 14 Post St.
ALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING-
\J Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
EA ROOK BUILDING, 20 AND 24
Geary st. : very central; modern offices; ele-
vator: electric lights; cheap. Apply room 32.
. . PIA.N«IS. : •» iou.Vs, ETC. .
"cHOICeTrRAY OF GBEAT^ARGAINS
xv this week; don't miss them: large, magnifi-
cent $600 Hardman upright offered through us by
laiy forced to sell it: it is the finest second-hand
liiano ever offered by us and. should be picked up j
Immediately at the very low -price asked: an ele-
gant Steinway, 8200 ; new Chase Bros., Case slightly
damaged, half price; Haitman upright, guaranteed,
$176; uprights from $76 up: squares. $40 up; In-
stallments or cash. I The J. DEWINGICOMPAN V,
second floor, Flood building.
I ADY OBLIGED TO SELL BEAUTIFUL $600
I 1 Hardman upright offers it at a great sacrifice.
Room 21, 809 Market st.
FINE STEINWAY SACRIFICED TKACH-
er obliged to sell. Room 10, Flood building. ;
A EOLEAN IX FIRST-CLASS ORDER, IN-
A eluding 15 rolles of music, at a bargain. Utah
and Nevada sts. '■ •■ .-■..-_•;
"VTEW UPRIGHT piano at a great
i.l flee. 614 Willow aye., bet. Eddy and Ellis sts.
ffljOX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION.
i$)OO. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister St., next Hi-
bernia. Bank.
©7"^ WEBER. PIANO: FIRST-CLASS CON-
<ID 10. ditlon; few days only. 710 : Post st.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; investigate these prices and be con-
vinced; the new seven-bar autoharp $6; the five-
bar autoharp $4; a seventeen Inlaid rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 26; the Drize-winner guitar
$3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, $47 50;
elegant new upright pianos hi any style case, wal-
nut, mahogany, oak. $187: one trial will convince
you.' J. HARRY SCOTT, 929 Market St., Spreck-
el's building.
ffl»C MONTHLY INSTALLMENTS— I NEW
VDO Emerson rosewood upright; 3 pedals and
raiding cover: price $175. 418 Ellis,' room 22.
]3laNoS— s9o. $100, $150: GREAT BAR-
X gains. MAUVAIS' 769 Market st.
SHAW, $425: 2 STEINWAYS, $215, $195:
Sommer, *183; squares, $25, $56: rents $2
up. allowed on purchase. „• HEIXK, 136 Ellis st.
pELEBRATEp HaINES BROS., BUSH &
VJ Gerts ai:d Knabe p anos; being overstocked
wholesale prices will rule during the next 30 days
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 324 Post St., S. F.
ARRIVED- LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-i~v grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEI»ERS, 82 Ninth st.
<St('\(\ PIANO: FINE CONDITION. SCHMITZ,
vpO\t. 16 McAllister St., next Hlbernla Bank.
RE YOU DKSIROUS OF OBTAINING a
good piano at alow price and upon very easy
terms? Then Investigate our new rent-contract
plan. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., steiuway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Sutler sts.- -
Uf M. O. BADGER, 28 O'FARRELL. ROOM 1,
first floor; sole agents Hallet& Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
")(\ AAA SHEET MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
.^I/.UUU.HAM'S Piano Store. 106 McAllister st.
STEINWAY. $165; W E B I : tt, $260; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
CI 1 OVER PIANO; AS IiOOD AS NEW-
) great sacrifice. - TUa F. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post st.
C MUCKERING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE. STKR-
) ling pianos: see our new piano /or $187; pianos
lor rent. . BENJ. CURTAZ & »oN, 16 O'Farrell.
Q. I rrr CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
<JPI I O. upright: perfect order. 1019 Van Nes*
ECKER BROS., STEINWA Y.FISCHKR AND
other first-class makes of pianos: little used:
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K.OULKK &
CHASE, 28 and 30 O'Farrell si.
TERMS;;LOW PRICES. KOHLER &
CHASE. .
YKUX MAI7.Y, 808 -POST ST.— SOHMER,
New by A Evans. Bnggs and other pianos. :
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, OLD NEW
OH. M 1.1.KR. niakpr. repairer. 2 l^iiliam place.
M£l)io
TADIES. CONSULT FREE MP.sTdR. SCofF,
■1 210 Powell st.; only qualified specialist: $500
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eyes treated. i
* NEW Process— no MEDICINE, ixstru- j
ment or worthless pills used every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what erase: restores always in one day:
helped at once; can be, sent and used at home: all j
cases guaranteed; if you want to be treated safe
and sure Call on- DR. POPPER and MRS. DR.
NAIL, bath specialists, 318 Kearny st.
T)EiTTABLfc. PHYSICIAN WILL TAKE ONE
-It lying-in patient at his residence: one able to
pay; secrecy and confidence. Doctor, box 140, Call.
LA!>II> CHICHKSTER'S.' ENGLISH PEN-
XJ nyroyal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best:
safe, reliable: take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars, 'Relief tor Ladles," in letter by return
mail; at drngelsts Chichester Chemical Com- '
pany, Philadelphia Pa. :
PRO F."C. A. RELL'S WONDERFUL -'J.
B. L. Cascade" treatment cures all Ciseaies by
removing the cause. R. JACKS, agt, 214 Brannau.
LL FKM A L E IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers 1 helped at once: home la con-
fin>nie i: French pills euaranteed: consult free.
MRS. DR. WEY 1 11. 916 Post St., near Larkln..
\ BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
A from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
■ their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
jicyer falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bad
effects;'- never; makes them sick to make them |
well: travelers helped Immediately: prices to suit
the times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis- 1
pensary. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. DR. <fc MRS. DAVIS' French regu-
lating pills, $2 50. , -•■'•■•-■ - ' :
TARJOT'S- SILVEK COMBINATION KLEC-
i trie belts; sure cure for rheumatism, kidney
troubles, indigestion, other diseases. 319 Kearny
St., upstairs. • .
Dl'.s. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day ; cure or no charge: separate
home for patients; - best skill: medicAl atteiid-
iica: low lees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si.
HOME, A FKIENO AND MOTHER'S CARE.
MRS. DR. FUN K'S, 1416 Eighth St., Aiameda.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLS-A boon TO
xV ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D.; don't delay
until 100 late. OSGOOL- BROS., Oakland, Cal.
I \R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER street, near
[Jones, uiseases of women and children.
T ADIES - DAUDET'S FEMALE REGULA j
mj ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall: 1
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis si.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agonta.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS- j
' eases, from whatever cause; a boms in con- 1
finement with every comfort; satisfaction - guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st. '
\i RS. DR. WEUENEK: PRIVATE HOME IN
iVI confinement; irregularities cured In a -few j
hours without operation: pills $i . : 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OH ANY FEMALE DISEASE
tee Mrs. Dr. Vuet7. and be content- 254 V« 4ta. ;
BOR9K&.
I7o^IiATrFr^W^sXI)r»LEHORSh^^LNITLI? j
P footers-; finest in the State ; one for gentleman, |
one for hi ly; both s'>und. Information at Conlan's i
stable, 1523 California st. .where they may beseen. !
GOOD HORSE FOR SALE CHEAP. 1110 I
Bryant st. .
I 1 INE ' ROADSTER- FOR SALE CHr.AP:
J make offer. BIGGS, corner Van Ness and
Locust aye. ; . -■■_.•' j
t?or7sale CHEAP Br fore THE IST—
P match span and one extra fine single family
horse. Address M.. box 107. Call Office. • : -
I" F YOU WANT TO . Btfv, SELL ;OR EX-"
X ' chance horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary, and ? Leavenworth sts. : auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C. R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. W ATKINS, auctioneer. ;
OUNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
0 Horses, mules, wagons, buggies and harness. V
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR ClßCU-
lar. The Hyde ; Ranch, 630 Commercial st. ■;
1 ST-CLAS3 PASTURAGE: PLENTY WATER
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 382 Market st.
1 'A bETS NEW A.ND SECOND-HAND HAU-
-1 O\J ness: all kinds, ; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers- sand-wagons. : 1128 Mission -
R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY BUR-
t;eon for 8. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.:. telephone south 401.
A A HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAOOXV
"l/'buggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade How
Market, 327 Sixth st. ; auction sales every Wa'atu-
cay.- SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
1 SETS SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
IUU kinds: second-hand : wagons, buggy, carte:
also 20 cheap horseg.' ~ Fifteenth and Valencia m.
: ;■ ; .... ;.•-," PAST AGE.
D^^A^y r MK^ORIHV^Ht^CA^TTEIi^b^
Excellent pasture for 100 head of cattle for
several months; running water; fenced in 3 fields:
land level; at Woodslde, 4 miles from Redwood
city. Apply to L. Ai.TSCHUL, 320 Clay St., or on
the premises; ranch to lease.
_'_';\ : ■■ CITY REAL -ESTATE. .;■ -
OR SALE— A HOUSE, AND " LOT," WITfI:TS
hard-finished rooms, 1 hour's ride from city: X
minutes' walk from depot; 5 minutes' walk to X
schools; 107 feet deep, 60 feet front. For particu-
lars Inquire at 530 Eddy st.. downstairs.
7 ROOM RESIDENCE IX . NICE PART OF
I Mission; cheap; easy terms; or will exchange
for Alameda residence. ; I. 1., 734 Twenty-fifth st.
OUSE AND LOT FOR SALE; 422yj. GROVE
St., bet. Gough and Octavia; lot 27:3x68:9;
make an offer. . . .
4JMODERN 5 ROOM B AND BATH COTTAGES
1 must be sold this ' week; offer wanted. Apply
JAMES B. BROOKS, 214 Pine, rooms 68 and 59.
q o njjj 1005 TREAT AYE., near 23d ,
t!POOv/v/. St.; nearly new, comfortable," bay-
window residence of 7 rooms and bath; contains
every modern improvement; good stable: terms,
$500 cash, balance $80 per month; gee it imniedi-
ately. TOBIN & MeN ALLY, 630 Market at. '
MODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS;
I>J bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: flats
I an ' cottages built at most reasonable rates. Call and
I see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission St.
nn.fl will secure a new -win-
1 \J\J\t dow cottage; modern improvements;
basement: lot 25x100: S. Broderick St., near
Halght. Apply 1330 Mission st.
QU^nn CORNER; 51x100: IN BERKELEY;
<g)O\f\J. on railroad; $10 monthly.
$400— Comer; 50x100, with creek.
$1500— 100x100; macadamized.
$1000— lOOxlUO; $15 monthly.
$ 175— Lot 25x135-; $10 down: $5 monthly.
(HAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
<Si 1 0 r; n~x ato ma . BF/r. and
i]p-i-^UV/. Ninth— 3 flats; always rented; lot
25x75. Apply 28 Ninth St.
COINTKI KEAL. JKSTAXJb.
WANTED— TO BUY " A G0?)n. WELI^IM-
'» proved farm in one of the bay counties: value
not to exceed $7600. Address HARRY M. MORSE,
1 906 Broadway, Oakland. , -'
M~ARIN r "COUNTY— 5000 ACRES 26 MILKS
Hum San Francisco. '
. Rancbo de Novato.
Tracts rut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no irrigation ; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to $75 ocr acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
r-ACRE TRACTS NEAR SAN MATEO; GOOD
O soil, view and drainage: easy terms; $300 per
acre. JAMES MASON, Notary Public, 425 Cali-
fornia st. '
FARM PROPERTIES, ALL KINDS AND ALL
-T sizes, improved and unimproved, for sale in the
best part of Alameda t'ounty. Inquire of S. SALZ,
Centreville ..: . .
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN; IM-
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc D. H. TWLNG, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market St.. S. F.
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOME*
O for gale. WOOSTER & WHITTON. San Jose.'
.in- AC RE MODEL HOME, Ml XAPA; $3200:
I\J free catalogue. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
T^OR SALE— BO ACRES, PARTLY FENCED:
-C good water. Apply 614 Second St.
ANCH FOR SALE— 'Job ACRES: li/ 2 MILES
from Placerville, El Dorado County; 60 acres
in cultivation; good assortment fruit trees; 22 va-
rieties table gr apes, which are shipped all over the
United states and Mexico, enjoying fine reputa-
tion: no irrigation required; house of 6 rooms and
cellars; furniture; kitchen utensils; large barns
and complete outfit farming implements; terms
reasonable. Address Ranch, box 28, Placerville,
Cal. ■-. .
flj» 7 AND UPWARD LOTS IN EAST OAK-
«3r • *-* land: easy terms. . . -
(2jO^ per acre; quantity to suit: fine soil; near
DO Pleasanton, Aiameda Co.; terms to suit: also
a few improved cozy country homes near by; 6 to
20 acres at half former value; easy terms: will ex-
change. LEE <fc KISER, 306 Montgomery st.
<Bf^nnn EQUITY IN A AM boa CITY TO
tJpOv/"V/. exchange^ for same value good grain
or fruit land; Alameda County preferred; fine cor-
ner, 75x75, with 9-room double-tenement cottage.
Principals address "Home Builder," room 8, floor
8, Mills building. S. F.
I~p 1 x QUARTZ, gravel, mining AND
timber property in Nevada Co. Call or write H.
-L. W., 719 Poik St., city; call Mon., Wed., Sat.
PROPERTY" 1O EXCHANGE.
p ITY. OAKLAND, ALAMEDA HOUSES AND
Vj ranches sold, rented and exchanged. Call, see
my list. EITEL, 906 Market st.
HOUSES AND LOTS. -
00 105 ranches, large and small. : "
140 vacant lots, everywhere. —^— — — — — -
46 hotels and lodging-houses. — : —
108 business places, all prices. — : — — ,
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER ?—
I SELL AND EXCHANGE , :
All Kinds of property. — — '■ — — '■ — -
11. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
©On AHA IMPROVED BUSINESS AND.
tJIuU.UUU, residence property in center of
Oakland, and clear; will exchange as a whole or in
subdivisions for San Francisco property and as-
sume reasonable mortgage: also 150 acres unim-
proved Santa Clara County fur Oakland or Ala-
meda cottage. Our exchange list is complete: if
yon : have anything -'to offer write or -call on
SAMUEL & KNOWLKS, 481 Ninth st., Oakland.
1 -)Q(\ ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
-1- — OUwater: fine for cuttle-raising. N..b\.16,Ca!l
DENTISTS.
HONEST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRk5eJ
DR. 11ARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
1" l'l, L SET OF TEETH, $7; WARRANTED
.five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 Sixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk St. ;
R. GEORGE W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to '20 O'Farrell sU |
A I LESS EXTRACTION. BOc; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 vents'
experience. R. L. WALSH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
] R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
U work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DX. L. T.CRAXZ— EXTRACTION' PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
. plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant aye. ;
CIROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR- j
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only roli-
ableagent for painless extraction: artificial teeth !
frm $5: fillings frm $1: extracting 6Cc, with gassL
•7 4 SET FOR TEETH; WARRANTED AS
<3P • good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMM:*
dentist, 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater.
1 \B, LUDLUM HlLiv 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over Ilka new;
teeth irom $8 per set: extracting 61>c: gas given.
/ '.OLTO.N DENTAL ASSOCIATION* 81W MAR-
\J ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R.J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings; Sundays till noon.
LL W ORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KEY 112' i Market st.
PH YSICIANS.
REMOVED— DR. C. C. O' DOySKlAr^TO~li66
XV Market St.; diseases of woman a specialty.
R. E. F. WEST, 107~~LEA VEX WORTH ST.,
nr. Golden Gate aye.: office and residence." .;
DR.A.DK LUCIS.PHYSICN-SUROEON.ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1.|g,«61 Markt
tiJr.tcAt. NOTICE.*.
CITY AND COUNTY' TRh-ASURYT^XN
FranclECO. March 21. 1836-— ln compliance
with the provisions of section 5 of order 1898 of
the Board of Supervisors, approved September 15,
1880. there will be sold at public aution by E. S.
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33 Stitter
street, on MONDAY, April 20, 1896, at 10 o'clock
a. m., sundry articles Of st< len, lost and unclaimed
property recovered by the police force of san
Francisco, as detailed in an inventory, thereof on
file in the ofiice of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
' visors, and consisting of jewelry, wearing apparel,
pistol*, knives, etc. Open for inspection on morn-
ing of sale. . A.C. WIDBER, .
City and County Treasurer.
IN THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. Department No. 10.
In the matter of the application for ■ voluntary ;
dissolution of '-The San Ysidro Investment Com- |
pany" (a corporation). Notice , of bearing. No. !
13.948. "
Notice Is hereby, given that The San Ysldro in-
vestment Company, a corporation .formed under
the laws of the State of California, 'has presented
ito the Superior Court of the State of California in :
and for the City and County of San Francisco an !
application ' praying to 'be dissolved, and that !
MONDAY, the 20th day of April, 1896, at the
hour of 10 o'clock a. m. of that day, or as soon !
thereafter as counsel can be heard, ana the court- I
room of Department No. 10 of said Superior Court
in and for the City and County of San Francisco, at
the new City Hall, San r Francisco, California, are
appointed as the time and place at which said ap-
plication will be heard. , ? . .- .
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed the seal of said Superior. Court this
12th day of March, 1896.
[Seal. I ' C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
By WM.-R. A. JOHNSON;
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
of the Superior Court. *
"■ DONALD Y. CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners. . ■■ ;.", . ' . .-.'-: -■"'.■■ .-■'..
IN. THE SUPERIOR COURT OF THE STATE
of California, in and for the City and County of
San Francisco. ; Department No. 10. . • , . :
In the matter of the appllcat'on for voluntary
dissolution or "The Dinsmore Water ; Company"
(a corporation).*- Notice of hearing. No. 13,949. -
Notice is hereby given that The Dlnsmore Water
Company, a corporation formed under the laws of
the State of California, has presented to the Supe-
rior Court of the State of California in ■■ and for the'
City and County of • San ' Francisco an application
praying to De dissolved, and that - MONDAY, the
20th day of April, 1896, at the hour of 10 o'clock
a. m. of that day, or as soon thereafter as counsel
can be heard, and lie courtroom of Department No I
10 of said Superior Court In and for the City and
County of San Francisco, in the new CitvHall,
San Francisco. Cal., . are appointed •as the time
and place at which said application will be heard. '
| In witness whereof I have hereunto set my hand
and affixed - the seal of said Superior Court this
12th day of March, 1896.' : -
[Seal.J . ■•■' C. F. CURRY, County Clerk.
- ,By WM. R. A. JOHNSON, 0
Deputy County Clerk and ex-officlo Deputy Clerk
of the superior Court. ' v V;- - . '
DONALD V. ' CAMPBELL, Attorney for Peti-
tioners.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
, OFFICE— BROADWAY,
OAKLAND KKAIi ESTATE,
\ COZY' HOME MUST^bTk^SOLD; HALL,
-<r\. parlors and dim room beautifully frescoed:
four bedrooms artistically tinted; art glass win-
dows; full electric service:' cement basement
' floor; one of the sunniest houses to be had ; five
minutes to station; between two electric- lines;
L first-class . neighborhood ; . flue lo ; ; offered for only
; $4500; terms can 'be arranged : call without de-
! lay; do not wait. A. H. BREED & CO., 460
| Ninth st., Oakland. ' -;
I <Bil V^fl MODERN COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS, IN
I «Jp_L I OKI. fine condition: Linden St., near San
Pablo aye.; easy term?. HUGH M. CAMERON,
I broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland (3-1530).
■pRUITVALE CHICKEN RANCH, 1 1.4
X 1 acres: new house; $1800. C.K. KING, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
1 O ACRES NEAR OAKLAND, VERY
1- cheap, $7000: Walnut Creek, Contra Costa
County, 6 acres; house and - barn,' $800. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ANTED— I WANT TO BUY A 6-ROOM
'• house and lot in Oakland or Berkeley: state
location and . bottom cash price. Address Cash,
Call Office, OaKland. '
TO EXCHANGE-G-ROOM. COTTAGE HOME
-Lin Oakland, $4000, clear, for small improved
ranch. J. H. EPSON, 908 Broadway, Oakland.
"I O-ROOM HOUSE; 100 FOOT LOT; ONLY 5
1.4-1 blocks from Broadway; sunny northwest cor-
ner; make, me an offer. H. A., box 7, Call Office,
Oakland.
f»PLA CHEAP COTTAGE, VERY SMALL
\jO\J. CHEAP central street; complete;
\JO\J, lot, but central street: complete;
. 1497). HUGH M. CAMERON, Broker, 479
Ninth at., Oakland.
AROAIN ON BRUSH ST.: 9-JIOOM HOUSE;
50-foot lot on coru*T; battt, laundry, etc.;
price • ,$5000: worth $7000; terms satisfactory .
WM. P. TO DP. 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
LOO $100! LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS:
no interest; near local trains and electric cars.
H. B. PINNKY, 902 Broadway. Oakland. ■_■
vest bargain in fruitvale-house 6
IJ rooms, with or without furniture; barn, two
chicken-houses. 100 chickens: artesian well, wind-
mill and tank; fruit trees nnd shrubbery; horse,
harness and phaeton: lot 100x210; price only
$2250. For terms see owner at Fruit vale Land
Company, Fruit vale station.
\\! ANTED— HOUSb-RENTING AND CARE
" of your Oakland property; . reference First
National Bank. F. KINGS, real estate agent, 457
Ninth st. .Oakland.
OAKLAND FIRNITUKE FOR SALE.
drTo^ Fi^R^rTTlTE^TtmjMir^^sT^U^iLiC
*$00. HAAS', 408 Eleventh st., Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAM; REAL (STATE.
■IV'EAT COTTAGE AND LARGE LOT IN
a.> Fruitvale, only $400. LODGE & POWELL,
Fruitvale Station-
OOK -$350 FOR LOTS HALF A BLOCK
from Park st., Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H.B. I'I.N.NKV, 902 J'roadway. Oakland.
<ii9nnn 50 CASH AND $20 per month;
«]piiUUU. cottage 4 room s. •
12300— 5300 cash and $25 per month; new cot-
tare of 5 rooms.
$2750— .5250 cash and $25 per month: new cot-
tage of 5 rooms.
$3000— 5500 cash and $30 per month: new cot-
! tage of 5 rooms.
$3000— 5200 cash and $25 per month house of 6
rooms. SKSSS&t
$4000— $800 cash and $40 per month; house of 7
rooms. ' ■' i .
All modern houses on improved streets and near
the trains. We have also on hand a few masniti-
cient homes, new and modern, at greatly reduced
prices and easy terms.
JOSEPH A. LEONARD COMPANY,
. 1364 Park St., Alameda.
<Jt c >Qfin- AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE;
! «3PZiOUv/. 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x203; $150
\ cash, $20 per month— No. 732. ' ■
Cottage:. 5 rooms and bath; $20 per
month: a snap— No. 736. .
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30.1
127: $150 cash. $20 per month— No. 739.
. $1500— Worth $2700; to close an estate; corner:
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
I make 3 building lots.
$3000— New modern cottage* near station; no
| cash down; $30 per month— No. 698. .
$950— li 2 acres land on Bakers aye.: worth
$1700; one-half cash. . .
Choice lots for sale, bouses to let In all parts of
I Alameda. H. P. MOKEAL & CO., 1432 Park st.
Q> 1 (\(\ TO $250 DOWN, 525 MONTHLY : NEW
♦IP 1 \J\J 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, sc! 001, etc ; with large
lot; $2400 to $3000: send for illustrated book of
Alameda, free. Alameda Land Company, 1500
j Park St., Alameda: . ■ .
i ALAMEDA ROOMS AM) HOUSES. :
! 1/H>R THE SUMMER, 3 i^R^IisHED~HOU
-1 keeping rooms; no small children : party going
East. Call or address MRS. 8., 1512 Railroad
aye.. Alumeda. ■ . . -• ... ,
ALAMEDA HOUSES WANTED.
AlJrT^^^T^aiXSi^DAT^iTY^TrTiousE
»» of 9 rooms, bet. Encinal and Chestnut st. sta-
tions. Address Alam'-ila, box 88. Call.
I'.l.Kai 1.!., Kill a;; hSI'ATt.
THBRB IS NO PLACE LIKE HOm"eTiF
i-' in Berkeley: look at this— house of 7 rooms,
concrete foundation, large lot, overlooking the bay,
and only $2500. AS. J. MASON, Berkeley station.
OG. MAY & CO.. REAL ESTATE AND
. building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
"JOSEPH J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
t) Insurance, removed to Berkeley a'ation.
. LlitCAilU^lAt
i TTißEM^h'^SPalvilshTe^
J. Academy of Languages, 320 Post st:estab'd 1871
instructions" WANTED IN ARITHME-
X tic; business methods; reasonable. C. J;, box 2,
Call Office. .
"IT'RENCH, .GEIOIAN, SPANISH— S. EV.
X 1 classes; $2 month. School, Flood building.
RS. MELVILLE SNVDER, STUDIO 514
Sutter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocu-
tion; | dramatic elocution a specialty ; - vocal and
Shakespearean classes; stage dancing; minuet,
gavotte, etc.- " ' ;
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st. ■
PaNISH.FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
"\rOICE BUILDING. PANTOMIME AND ACT-
V. ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. V
A YRES, THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
: -«.». lee«: individual instruction; 4 months' course;
£ay and evening 825 Montgomery st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
GUITAR. MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
lessons; $3 mo. MARY WESTHAUB. 39 Fifth.
ANJO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 60c PER LES-
I) son; music furnished. - 126 Tenth St.
SCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and MkL
CHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
O chunical engineering, 'surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 723 Mkt.
HEATb'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, - business practice, - shorthand,
typing, electrical englneer.'ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. - rite for catalogue.
\ T IGHTSCHUOL-.ajb;ALl. SBLS. COLLEGE
i.'l Post: commercial, shorthand: English; low ra*e«
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; REA-
V Ronable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1046 M; Valencia.
/CHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNINU-
yj ham's school, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SHERIFF SALES.
HE^IFJFs^A L^3rr"LXlE^]ux7EYrP LaTv^
O tiff, vs.- JOHN O'BYRNE as executor of the
last' will of ELLEN MURPHY, deceased, and
JOHN O'BYRNE, defendants. No. 52,225. . Supe-
rior Court, Department. 4. Order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure. ' .■::«■. 
Under and by virtue, of. an order of sale and de-
cree of foreclosure. Issued out of. the Superior
Court, Department 4. of the City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on the 7th day
of March, A. D. 1896, in the above entitled action,
wherein NELLIE LUCKY, the above named
plaintiff, obtained a judgment and decree of fore-
closure against JOHN O'BYRNE as executor of
the last will of Ellen Murphy, deceased, and JOHN
O'BYRNE, defendants, on. the 3d day of March,
A. D. 1896, which said judgment and d cree was
on the 4th day of March, A. D. 1896. recorded In
judgment book 29 of said court, at page 322, I am
commanded to sell I all. that certain lot, piece or
parcel of land, situate, lying and being in the City
and County or San Francisco, state of California,
and bounded ana described as follows: Commenc-
ing at a point on i he easterly line of Michigan
street, distant thereon one hundred, and seventy-
five : (175> feet northerly from the northerly
line of Sierra street; thence running northerly
along the easterly line of Michigan street twenty-
rive (25) feet: thence at right angles easterly one
hundred (100) feet; thei.ee at right angles south-
erly twenty-five (25) feet, and , thence at right
angles westerly one hundred (100) feet to the
point of commencement, being a portion of block
number four, hundred and forty-five (446) of the
I'otrero Nuevo, together with ail and singular the
tenements, hereditaments and appurtenances
thereunto belonging or in anywise appertaining. -
Public notice is hereby given that on TUESDAY
the 7th day of April,. A. D. 18f"i^at 12 o'clock
noon of that day. In front of the new City Hall.
Larkin-street.wiutc, In the City and County of San
Francisco, I will, in obedience to said order of sale
and decree of foreclosure, sell the abo re described
property or so much thereof as may be necessary
to raise sufficient money to satisfy said, judgment,
; with interest and I costs, etc., to . the • highest : and
best bidder for gold coin of the United States.
o RICHARD I. WHELAN, Sheriff.
San Francisco, March, 16, 1896. ":■<>■:.:, ~:~: '*»
.; : M. COONEY, Phelan building, San Francisco
attorney for plaintiff. > : -,-- ... .... ry-fi..--,.... ....
: : . '.;. Bi CYCLES. ■_■■ : :^-' : :•■/:;";■ ■■■ ■
"DARK CYCLERY^NEW^VHEELS^oTiBT:
X best accommodations. - Terming* < Omit. "«■
▲lUatcr and Powell car lint* ™T
MONEY TO ■ 1-OA>.
1 ST & 2D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN ES-
ltates;lowest rates:no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
~<B?PLt\l\ iuu\ «>*■* real ESTATE; lowest
$OlM',UUlJrates. A.SCHULLER.SOB Montgy
ADVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELRY, ETC
Col ombla Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGE*:
estates, undivided interests, real estate in pro-
! bate. - McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery,' rooms '£• 5.
iY* ONE Y LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I M other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
j 1106 Market st..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Xuric
DIRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
interest. - Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
I T OANS Ofil BKAXi ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
; Jj mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oajcland or Alameda, any
amount: lowest rates. BKCKKK, 328 Montgomery.
VAW.NbUoTi i.KS.
T~I2T^EAIINY" ST.. R7)Oi[r~9^MONEY'
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pr»-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal i cheap. _ L ____
" r ~ r ; -. KI.NA.\tIAL. 7 ~ '
fflJT \ f\7\ f\rU\ t6"IOAN~ON^LIFE insur-
I «J)JLUU.UIM' ance policies: bankbooks bonaht;
I aso Cripple Creek mining stocks. JOSEPH B.
i TOPLITZ. room 9. 3-30 Pine si- ; ,
BIRmS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
[Birth, marriace and death notices sent by mall
will not be inserted. They must be handed In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsed
with the name and residence of persons authorized
to have the same published.] '
...... . BORN. - -
ARMSTRONG— In this city. March 29. 1896, to
the wife of W. S. Armstrong,- a son.
BULL— In this city, March 29, 1896, to the wife of
Franklin P. Bull, agon. . '^
l>lr;i>.. , •
Allen, G. * Meyer, Edla N. A.
Benjamin, Mary Jane Miller, Einnim H.
Bird, Fannie Mullane. Cornelius T.
Campbell, Anne Murphy. John
Coudron, Eliza Murray. Elizabeth .
Cuthbert. Ellen W. O'Connor. Mary Ellen
Creedon, Patrick Roberts, Newton H.
Driscoll, Agnes R. Rush. Bridget M.
Hart, John ■ Shields. Elizabeth
Harms, Susie stone, Eliza
Koch. William Wiedemann, Doris
ALLEN— In San Jose, March 29, 1896. G. Allen,
a native of San Jose, aged 4 years and 8 months.
BENJAMIN— In this city, March 28, 1896, Mary
Jane, beloved wife of L. M. Benjamin, and
mother of Mabel O. Benjamin, a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 48 years. [Eastern papers
please copy.J ■
#yFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. M., from her lato
residence, 125 Hartford street, thence to Mission
Dolores- Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the : repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
BIRD— In this city, March 26, 1896, Fannie Bird,
a native of Ireland, aged 57 years.
CAMPBELL— In this city, March 29, 1896, Anne,
• beloved mother of Thomas J. Campbell, a native
of County Monaehan, Ireland, aged 67 years.
[New York and Boston papers please copy.J
js3~Frienas and acquaintances ar-» resoect-
fully invited to attend trie funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from her late
residence, 522 Union street, thence to St. Francis
Church, where a solemn . requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary.
Cemetery. • : ■
CONDRON— In this city, March 29, 1896. Eliza
Condron, a native of Ireland, asjed 65 years.
#3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
■ (Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m.. at, the par-
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Bridget's Church, corner Van Ness
avenue and Broadway, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
CREEDON— In this city. March 28. 1896. Patrick,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Creedon, father
of Dan and William Creedon, and uncle of
John Creedon, a native of County Cork, Ireland,
•aged 49 years. ' - r '■- -
jO" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a.m., from his late
residence, 269 Clara street, thence to St. Rose's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be ,
celebrated for the repose of bis soul, commencing
at 9 o'clock a. m. 1 Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
CUTHBERT— In Frnitvale. March 29. 1896, E11en
W. Cuthbert, widow of the late John Cutbbert,
aged 59 years.
DRISCOLL— In this city. March 29. 1896, Agnes
R., beloved daughter of Daniel and Bridget Dri»-
coll. and sister of Rev. Francis Pios Driscoll, O.
P., Theresa and Catherine Driscoll.
Friends - and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a tend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock m.. from the family
residence, 2612 Post street, thence to St. Domi-
nic's Church, corner Bush and Stelner streets,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul,* commencing at
9:30 o'clock a. M. Interment Mount Calvary
| Cemetery.
j HART— In this city, March 29, 1H96, John, be-
loved husband of Catherine Hart, and father of
■Thomas Hart, Mrs. F. A. Saunders, Mrs. Jennie
Conroy. Mrs. M. Morristi and the late James ana
John Hart, a native of County Longford, Ireland,
aged 69 years and 3 months. ...
£3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TOMORROW
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his son-in-law, F. A. Saunders, 15a McLea
Court, thence to St. Joeph's Church, where
. services will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
Ha RMS— In Berkeley. March 28, 1896, Susie Me-
Kusick, beloved wife of Edward T. Harms, aged
21 years '£ months and 15 days.
S3»"Frifiids ana acquaintances are re.snect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a.m.. from tne residence
of the late H. J. McKusicK, at Claremont,
on Tylor street, between Charming and College
avenues, Berkeley; Interment Mountain View
Cemetery.
KOCH— In this city. March 26. 1896. William
■ Koch, a native of Germany, aged 62 years.
MEYEK— In this city. March 28. 1896. Edla N. A.,
beloved daughter of Anton and Johanna Meyer,
and sister of Clara, Angus , Louis, Eugene, Hugo
and Arthur Meyer and Mrs. John Hermann,
a native of Germany, aged 19 years 11 months .
and 10 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 1 o'ciock p. m., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. Metzier. 636 Washington
street, thence to Alcazar building, 120 O'Farrell '
street, where the services : will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock p. it., under the auspices of
German Council No. 2 of the United World.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Members are
requested to attend.' By order of ■ :
MRS. WAN NEIL, President.
MILLER— In Oakland, March 28, 1896, Einnim
EL, beloved wife of C. O. G. Miller, and daughter
of Minnie E. and the late Dr. J. C. Tucker.
Jo£3* The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
• (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1271 Jackson street, Oakland. Interment
private. Please omit flowers.
MULLANE— In this olty, March 29. 1896, Cor-
nelius Thomas, beloved son of Margaret and the
late Cornelius Mullane. a native of San Francisco,
aged 14 years and 1 month. . ■
4t9""Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 351 Mission street, near West
avenue, thence to St. Paul's Church, where a
solemn mass will be celebrated for the reposa
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
MURPHY— In the City and Connty Hospital,
March 29, 1896, John Murphy, aged 82 years.
MURRAY— In this city, March 28. < 1896. Elisa-
I beth, beloved wife of the late William Murray,
a native of County Loiißford, Ireland.
' *S" Friends ' and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 9 o'clock a. k .. from her late resi-
dence, 1232 Bush street, • thence to St. Mary's
■ Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Farrell
street, where a - requiem high mass will be
, celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 :30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.; ; .
O'CONNOR— In this city, March 29, 1896, Mary
Ellen, beloved daugnter of Charles J. and Lizzie
O'Connor, * a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months and 5 days. ■ ,
ROBERTS— In this city, March 29, 1896. Newton
" H., dearly beloved husband of Matilda Roberta,
a native of Groton, Vermont.
33-Funeral services will be held TO-MORROW
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. it., at his late resi-
dence, 1120 Harrison street. Interment private,
Masonic Cemetery. . , • -
RUSH— In this city,. March 28, 1896, Bridget
, Mary, dearly beloved wife of Michael Rush, i
' ■ a native of Newmarket, Ireland, aged 64 years
and 4 months. . . ■ . '
Friends and acquaintances are ' resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late
residence. 2306 ■ Larkin stree., thence to St.
• Bridget's Churob, corner - Broadway and Van ;
Ness avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass
a will Be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock ra. m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. : Please omit flowers. .
SHIELDS— In this city, March 29. 1896. Elizabeth,
beloved wife of C. F. Shields, and mother of C. F.
,- and James '. Jackson ■ and Mrs. Amelia Smith, a
native of Missouri, aged 54 years. '
STONE— In this city, March 23, 1896, Eliza, ■
relict of the late John H. Stone, mother of Mrs.
Mary E. Caldwell, and grandmother of Frank J.
Caldwell. a native Of Missouri, aged 70 years and
3 months.
Friends are respectfully . invited to attend
■i the funeral, THIS DAY (Monday). at 2
° o'clock p. m., from the residence of her daughter,
- 211 Borland street. ■ Interment Masonic Ceme-
; tery. :-. v ;vv 'Z'.'-' :'■.'.'
WIEDEMANN-In this city. March 28. 1896.
I 1 Doris Wiedemann, a native of . New Jersey, aged
16 years. : - . -' ■ '■ '•:.'•■'•■■ :
™ '^'TjniteSTundebtakers^ I'™1 '™ ™
"-. EMBALMING PARLOUS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
|- .-v*-:K at Reasonable Rates. w* :
1 ..-•'• Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
! I : NIcAVOY it GALLAGHER, i I
j FUN AL DIRECTORS ft EMBALM
I tO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
[■■■■: -. Telephone 8080. X :. : /
1314
WILSON'S NAVY
BILL INDORSED.
Marine Engineers' Associa
tion Anxious to Have
It Passed.
WILL HELP THE ORDER.
Pamphlets Covering the Question
Have Been Sent to
Congress.
NAVAL ENGINEERS IN DEMAND
Training-Schools Will Be Established
After the Passage of the
Bill.
Upon the opening of the Fifty-fourth
cession of Congress a bill was introduced
by Mr. Wilson of New York, its object be
ing to organize and increase the efficiency
of the personnel of the navy; to increase
the usefulness and numbers of the corps
of naval engineers; to induce the scientific
institutions to provide a naval engineering
reserve for time of war; to establish a
naval engineering experimental station
and to encourage the study of the mechan
ical arts and sciences and particularly that
of naval engineering in the technical col
leges of the country.
The Marine Engineers' Association No.
35 of this City, believing, that if passed,
the bill will greatly benefit them iii their
calling, has forwarded pamphlets to the
Senators and Representatives of California
asking them to aid by every honorable
means in their power the passage of the
bill in its entirety.
"American ingenuity has kept pace with
the skill of other nations in the develop
ment of men-01-war, but at the same time
the personnel of the Engineer Corps of the
navy has not been increased," is the lan
guage of the association as published in
their circulars. It goes on to say: "A
new order of still is required and new ele
ments are required in handling the new
war vessels. The naval engineering force
of tne navy is lamentably deticient in num
bers, while the demand for skilled Jabor in
the engine-room increases as each new
vessel is constructed or put into commis
sion. Ev*ry young man who desires to
enter upon a naval career, full of the tales
of the quarterdeck, prefers that to the less
conspicuous but more arduous work of the
engine-room. The result is the line is
crowded with waiting officers while the
Btaft is short in number.
"Section 1 of the bill now under consid
eration remedies these defects or will do
so if it becomes a law. It provides that
the active list of the Engineer Corps of the
navy shall consist of eighteen captains,
twenty- liva commanders, sixty lieuten
ant - commanders, seventy lieutenants,
sixty-live lieutenants of the junior grade,
and sixty-live ensigns and a number of
engineer cadt-ts, as provided by subse
quent sections. That these offices shall
be filled by the commissioning of the offi
cers of the Engineer Corps of the navy
borne on the active list at the time this
bill shall become a law in the order of
seniority, beginning at the top.
"That there shall be a chief of the Bu
reau of Engineering of the Navy Depart
ment, who shall be director-general of na
val engineering, and while holding said
office shall have the rank of rear-admiral.
That there shall be two inspectors-general
of naval engineering, who while holding
said office shall have the rank of commo
dore.
"The necessity for this increase in the
force of naval engineers is emphasized by
the increased use of steam power on the
modern men-of-war. In the modern sail
ing merchantmen auxiliary engines are
used to hoist the sails, weigh the anchor
and discharge the cargo. From the sail
ing vessel to the ocean greyhound is an
other transition, no ereater, however, than
the change from the old lumbering frigate
to the battle-ship and commerce-destroyer
of to-day.
"These vessels with their ponderous
guns are entirely controlled and operated
by steam. The huge masses of steel form
ing their guns, their turrets and other ap
purtenances would require hundreds of
men for their handling, and slow hand
ling at that, without being rendered folly
effective. To apply steam power where it
will do its work most efficiently and rap
idly is the province of the marine en
gineer.
'Another feature treated in section 8 of
the bill is looked upon by the Merchants'
Marine Association as a most potent move
for the good of the navy. That section
provides that the title 'Bureau of Steam
Engineering of the Navy Department'
shall be changed to 'Bureau of Engineer
ing of the Department of the >"avy,' and it
shall have charge of all that relates to the
designing, building, installation, fitting
out, repairing and management of all main
and auxiliary steam, hydraulic, pneumatic,
electric and other machinery and their ap
purtenances used on board of naval ves
sels, not including gun-carriages, torpe
does, torpedo-tubes and fittings. Also
that the Bureau of Engineering shall,
after the passage of the bill, have control
of all matters relating to the inspection,
purchase, character and quality of coal and
of all other kinds of fuel to be used for all
naval purposes; and that all tests of such
fuel shall be made under the direction of
the Bureau of Engineering.
"It requires the highest form of en
gineering sicill to develop the power and
machinery needed to handle the modern
warship. The present bureau of con
struction charged with this work is com
posed of the 'sailor' branch of the navy.
It is now proposed to transfer this to the
'Bureau oi Engineering of the Depart
ment of the Navy,' which shall have
charge oi all that relates to the 'design
ing, building, installation, fitting out, re
pairing and management of all main and
a uxiliary steam, hydraulic, pneumatic,
Highest of all in Leavening Power. — Late; U. S. Gov't Report
R'f&/i\l Baking
M/4M P/\u#/f Ar
ABSOLUTELY. PUB ,
electric and other machinery and their
appurtenances used on board of naval
vessels.'
"The object of this section is to take from
! the hands of men inexperienced in the
' building of ahips, of metal and its uses,
and steam and its appliances and trans
fer it into the hands of men, who possess
the requisite practical and technical
knowledge for the performance of their ,
onerous duties.
"Those sections of the bill relating to the
appointment of engineer cadets meets
with the unqualified approval of the ,
; Marine Engineers Association. To place ;
j at the disposal of the young men of our
I country the advantages of a marine tech
-1 nieal education to qualify them for future
1 positions in the navy, seems to them a
i step in the highest form of patriotism. It
opens up a new avenue for employment
; for our youth, where those whose inchna- |
i tions sojirompt can find channels in which j
I to pursue their studies, and at the end of i
I their terms give their best talents in their j
; country V defense.
"In California we have two great univer
sities where several thousand young men
j annually pursue a high curriculum of
j studies. With our many miles of sea
i coa^t and facilities for studying in our un
equalled harbors the latest developments
of the navies of other countries, unusual
opportunities are afforded for the study of
marine engineering.
'It is a wise policy in a Government to
encourage the latent talents of the youth
of the land by placing opportunities for
! study in their hands. The difficulties sur
rounding the study of marine engineering j
• make it advisable that every effort be |
made to place as many facilities as pos
sible at the disposal of those desiring to
pursue it.
"The organization of a corps of naval
engineering cadets must be of great ad
vantage to the country at large, for if their
I services are not needed in the navy the
requirements of commerce will undoubt
i edly open up avenues of employment for
•• them. Should the country become en-
I gaged in war the same men would be
. available to design, construct or command
the new ships of the American navy. |
WITH JANGLING OF BRASS
The Funeral of an Influential
Chinese Decorously
Celebrated.
i
Pow Yee, the President of the Yeong !
Wo Company, Laid
at Rest.
Chinatown witnessed the largest funeral \
in its history yesterday. The deceased j
was Pow Yee, the president of the power
ful Yeong Wo Company, and all the in- j
fluential men of the Chinese quarter, as j
well as the members of his company, ;
turned out to reverence his memory. The
Chinese Legation was also represented.
The cortege started from the company's !
rooms on Pacramento street. It was '■
headed by Walcott's military band of six
teen pieces, followed by the hearse, drawn !
by six white horses, all trapped and ac
contend in magnificent style. The Chinese
musicians followed, industriously playing '■
the instruments which so pleased Pade- i
rewski. but found little favor with the I
white musicians in line, who vainly en- j
deavored to keep step and time in spite of j
the discordant jangling.
The cortege wound about the streets of i
the Chinese quarter for about half an hour I
and then started for the Chinese cemetery. \
At Powell and Market streets the brass |
band dropped off. At the cemetery the
usual offerings to the dead were made and j
the body was then returned to town and j
placed in an undertaking establishment \
on Eddy street. To-day it will be sent, via j
the Peru, to Pow Yee's home in Canton.
Pow Yee had been in this country only j
about seven months. He was of high rank j
in his native country, and for this reason |
was chosen to the presidency of the Yeong
Wo Company. He was 53 years of age
and had no relatives. His decease was the
result of asthma.
STABBED IN THE CHEST.
John Mcßride Arrested For Jabbing
J. K. MrGee With a Knife.
J. E. McGee, a laborer, living on Tenth
and Folsom streets, was taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital late Saturday night with
a knife-wound in his chest. The wound
was not se-rious, and after it was dressed
by Dr. Bunneil, McGee was able to go
home. He said he was walking along Fol
som street on his way home, and at Eighth
street a man, whom he did not know,
called him vile names and stabbed him in
the chest.
Yesterday morning John Mcßride, a
laborer, was arrested in the Lindell House,
on Sixth street, and was charged with as
sault to murder. He admitted stabbing
McGee, but said he did it in self-defense.
McGee and a gang "jumped" him, and as
he saw he was going to get the worst of it,
he drew his pocketknife and jabbed Mc-
Gee with it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, MARCH 30, 1896.
JAMES TUOHEY'S
LOWEST BID
Knowledge That Was Not
Given to the Other
Bidders.
TRUSTEE KENT'S STAND.
Appeared Before the Capitol Com
missioners as Tuohey's
Advocate.
COBBLESTONES SOLD CHEAP.
Serious Allegations Against a Sacra*
mento City Trustee and the State
Bureau of Highways.
John W. McDonald of the City Street
Improvement Company was asked yester
day whether there was any truth in the
following statement telegraphed from Sac
ramento to this City with reference to the
THE CORINTHIAN YACHTS COMING OUT OF WINTER QUARTERS.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
i bid of James Tuohey of Sacramento to
'■ hituminize the streets fronting on Capitol
Park for $60,399 90:
The proposition was advanced by the mem
• bers of the alleged San Francisco rock com
bine that the State, owning halt' of the front
age, could, with the co-operation of half
• of the property-owners, take the letting of the
! contract from the hands of the city and award
' it toothers; and, as the work would be done
! for $2000 less than Tuohey's price, that mdi!
-! yidual would De "frozen out" and prevented
j from entering into the business of bituminous
j street laying in competition with members ol
I the alleged rock combine.
Wneu personally interviewed on the subject
Tuohey said: "There is no doubt in my mind
that this combine of San Francisco rock
I men will go to great lengths to prevent me
getting this contract, as they know that if I
: once get a foothold in this elaaa of work they
j will never be able to compete with me again in
| Sacramento. They have even advanced the
1 argument that 1 had no machinery to work
\ with. That is true, but I have plenty of money
; with which to purchase it. After the time for
i placing bids last Monday had expired 1 was
approached by one of the members of the com
| bine, who desired to know what my price was.
I told him and then, 1 understand, an attempt
was made to have another bid smuggled in.
j 1 was informed that inferences were made that
: an attempt might be made to bribe Mr. Des
i mond, clerk of the board, but that gen;leman's
i honesty was beyond cavil, and, besides, it was
i found that any attempt to approach him would
! result in prompt bodily injury to the party
i making the attempt, so the acneme had to be
i abandoned."
Mr. McDonald denounced as absolutely
false the intimation that there was a com
! bination among the dealers and contrac
| tors in bituminous rock. Mr. Tuohey
1 could get all the bituminous rock he
\ wanted at the market price from the Santa
Cruz mines, represented by Mr. McDonald,
' or from the San Luis Obispo mines, repre
-1 sented by Mr. Perrine, or from half a dozen
| other sources.
The facts of the case are, according to
i the version of Mr. McDonald, that the
I City Trustees of Sacramento and the State
I Bureau of Highways neglected to notify
the bidding contractors from San Francisco
I of the fact that the State rock-crushing
j plant at Folsom would be in readiness to
| deliver rock for the "concrete at 50 cents
i per ton delivered in Sacramento. Not be
ing aware of this highly important fact,
the outside contractors bid on the esti
' mate that the rook for the concrete would
j have to be purchased from private sources
|atsl 50 per ton. This made a difference
! of $4000 in the estimate.
James Tuohey, the Sacramento con
tractor, had the tip on this, and underbid
McDonald in the aggregate $2100 on the
thi*e contracts advertised. On one of the
contracts aggregating $27,000 he underbid
McDonald only $(300 in round numbers.
On the night on which the bids were
opened, K. C. Irvine, one of the members
of the State Bureau of Highways, an
nounced that the plant at Folsoni would
furnish broken rock for the work at 50
cents per ton delivered in Sacramento.
Then Mr. McDonald and the representa
tive of N. I*. Perrine, who were the prin
cipal bidders on the work, saw that they
had been captured by a joker.
They protested against this unfair treat
ment, which was designed to cinch the
property-owners and the State out of at
least $4000, tne difference between the
price of the State rock and the private
rock on which the San Francisco contrac
tors had bid. But they were not allowed
to change their bids, and Tuohey got the
contract.
The work was let under the Vrooman
act, which provides that within ten days
of the letting of a contract for street work
the property-holders may, upon petition
of three-fourths of the frontage of the pro
posed work, enter into a private contract
with any other person (usually one of
their own number) at the same price as
that to be paid the successful bidder.
Then the person who represents the prop
erty-owners may sublet it to any one he
pleases at a lower rate. This law was de
signed for the protection of owners oi real
estate against combinations and pools by
contractors.
Thus if the contractors combine upon a
figure which is deemed too hieh, any one
else may step in and by offerine to do the
work lower may secure the job by private
contract. The whole matter rests with the
owners of the real estate fronting on the
line of the improvement. The State, rep
resented by the Capitol Commissioners,
owns one-half the frontage, and all that
will be necessary to take the contract out
of Tuohey's hands and save several
thousand dollars to the State and the citi
zens will be the consent of the Capitol
Commissioners and one-half of the remain
ing property -owners.
George Perine, under the provisions of
the Vrooman act, has offered to do the
work by private contract $2000 cheaper
than Tuohey's bid. This reduction repre
sents the difference between the price of
the State rock and that offered by private
persons, and the matter is now before the
commissioners.
"I think that City Trustee Kent has
placed himself in an indelicate position
by appearing before the Commissioners as
the advocate of Contractor Tuohey,"
added Mr. McDonald. "Mr. Kent as a
member of the trustees, and of the Street
Committee, will have to pass upon Mr.
Tuohey's work and upon his bills."
Mr. McDonald followed this remark with
a statement to the effect that on motion of
Kent some time last year the City Council
of Sacramento was induced to give to Con
tractor Tuohey for $10 or some such nomi
nal sum a lot of cobblestones for which
Mr. McDonald had offered Trustee Kent
$150. Trustee Kent informed the Council
at the time he made the motion that the
sum offered by Tuohey was all that could
be obtained for the cobbles, that the city
had no use for them and no place to store
them.
HE FELL SIXTY FEET
Miraculous Escape of a Boy
at the Second-Street
Cut.
He Climbed on Top of the Bridge, Lost
His Balance and Rolled to
the Bottom.
Francis G. Parker, a boy 6 years of age
livintr with his parents at 347 Fifth street,
had a miraculous escape from death yes
terday afternoon.
The boy and Eone companions were
playing on the bridge across the Second
street cut, which is about sixty feet high.
He climbed on top of the railing within a
few feet of the end of the bridge, lost his
balance and fell.
He fortunately struck on a heap of sand
which jutted out from the side of the em
bankment, thereby breaking his fall, and
rolled over the rocks and bowlders till he
landed in a heap at the bottom of the cut
Some bystanders who saw the boy rolling I
down from such a height ran toward him !
expecting to find his lifeless body. Blood ;
■was flowing from a long gash on the top of
his head and a deep cut on his chin, but he ,
was still breathing. .
The patrol wagon was summoned from
the Southern Police Station and the boy
was driven to the residence of his parents. j
They had been expecting him to return j
every moment to go to the park with j
them, and it was a terrible shock when
they saw what they supposed; his mangled j
body in the wagon. ' They jumped into i
the wagon, which was driven as rapidly as !
possible to the receiving hospital.
■ The boy recovered "consciousness and I
bore himself bravely while Dr. Thomp
son stitched and dressed his wounds. The
cut on his head extended clear across his I
scalp,, and, although' deep, the skull was |
not . fractured. Strange to say no bones ;
were broken. He was taken home by his
parents and will be all right again in a few
days.- . . . •
: ■ • — « — • , ...
LOUGHRIDGE'S EXTRADITION.
An Officer Arrives From Kansas City j
With the Necessary Papers.
Detective Bryant of Kansas City, Mo., j
arrived in the City yesterday with the nee- j
essary papers for the extradition of Wil
liam Loughridge, one of the men who
robbed the State Bank of Savannah on
February 7 last.
The detective was accompanied by J.
Morton, son-in-law of Mrs. Sarah Brsckin- j
ridge, the owner of the fourteen $1000 j
United States Government bonds thatwere i
stolen.
They visited police headquarters yester
day atternoon and had a consultation with
Captain Lees, after which they went to the
City Prison and had a brief interview with
Loughridge. They will jro to Sacramento
to-day to get Governor Budd's signature to
the requisition papers.
The habeas corpus proceedings will come
up again this morning before Judge Slack.
Captain Lees has been informed by Carroll
Cook, attorney for Loughridge, that the
proceedings would be dismissed, and the
captain believes that the fight against
Louehridge's extradition will be made be
fore Governor Budd.
Pressmen* Picnic.
Tne eleventh annual picnic of the San Fran
cisco Printing Pressmen's Uiiion No. 24, I. P.
P. 1., was held yesterday at Shell Mound
Park. The day was pleasant and the pic
nickers had a most enjoyable time in the pa
vilions and wandering in the park. The af
fair was under the direction of the following
committee of arrangements: S. Kane (chair
man), P. O'Neill, J. Kronholm, D. Kelton, G,
Maloney, J. McNeill and Charles Long.
Ladies' Southern ties, $1 45, all shades, every
toe. ftyau & Kyan, 10 Moagomery avenue, *
WHITE WINGS
DOT THE SEA
Turning of the Old Draw
bridge on the Tiburon
Lagoon.
FROM WINTER QUARTERS
The Corinthian Yacht Club With
Its Fleet Out in the
Open.
GETTING THINGS SHIPSHAPE.
They Will Open the Season of '96 on
April 25 With a Big High
Jinks.
Yesterday the old wooden drawbridge at
the entrance of the Tiburon Lagoon was
raised to let out the white-canvased flyers
of the Corinthian Yacht Club. Last Octo
ber the fleet went into winter quarters in
the lagoon, and the old drawbridge has
kept faithful watch and ward over their
hibernation. So yesterday morning the
merry, merry clubmen, with the auxiliary
power of two big draught horses, hauled
on the ropes and pullies, and the yachts
were liberated for the season's sport.
As each enlivened craft passed through
the draw it was greeted with cheers from
the launches and rowboats lined up
abreast outside of the lagoon and on the
shore. All of the graceful craft left the
moorings and slipped out into the broad
waters of the bay except the sloop, yacht
Ceres. She draws five feet of water, and
her iron keel was firmly glued to the
muddy bottom. Two launches pulled
strongly on towlines, but the low water
and the adhesiveness of her winter bed
defied their efforts and she stuck. A high
tide and a tug will start her and she will
join her sisters shortly.
The yachts that were taken out were as
follows:
Witch, W. Brooks; Secret, G. G.Barlage and
T. T. Trncy; Elece, F. F. Ames; Pride of the
Bay, William Nutz; Miguon, G. V. Beber;
Freda, A. Lyons; La Palomß, E. G. Carrera;
Cupid, R. Dean; Speedwell, Ed Donahue; Fen
Follett, 11. H. Gorter; Iris, A. R. Gurrey; Ar
turas, William Grover; May, Newell & Hawkes;
Clara, Hamilton. Hopps <fc Young; Cornelia,
L. E. Hart ; Phoenicia, H. Justins; Naiad, Kelly
Bros.; Petrel, M. Mnniecai; ."Bolus, Morrow <&
Westerfield; Mist, W. R. Moody; Belle, O'Brien
Bros.; Truant, . l. W. Pew; Venture, William
Komaini; Pinta, F. E. Schoeber; Thelma, S. B.
Stevenson; Cisnc, H. L. Head.
They were taken to their moorings in
front of the Corinthian clubhouse where
the work of trimming ship was com
menced. Spars were scraped and put in
place, the rigglne set up and the decks
scrubbed and sundown found the white
squadron in shipshape condition for flight.
It was a beautiful day, sunshiny and
without wind, and the bay around
Tiburon was like a sheet of glass.
C. G. Taylor's new yacht Emma had her
i snowy canvas spread. The absence of a
i breeze left her stationary on the wavel'ess
i surface of the water.
The Corinthians have decided to open
ihe season April 25. On the afternoon of
that day they will entertain their lady
guests at the clubhouse with a varied pro
gramme of music, dancing, rowing and
sailing. In the evening the club members
will hold a hiith jinks and discuss the
work for the summer. Next day the
yachts will cruise in squadron and the
season of 1896 will begin.
A LADY'S MISTAKE.
Mrs. I.mwiTH Fires Two Shots Through
a Partition at Policeman
Brown.
Policeman Brown, one of Captain Gil
len's men, had a narrow escape from being
shot on Saturday morning by a lady, who
mistook him foi a burglar.
He was patroling his beat about 1 o'clock
in the morning, when he noticed that the
doors of 1030, 1032 and 1034 Valencia street
were open. The basement of the buildings
was formerly used as a candy factory, but
it and the Hats above have been empty for
some time.
Brown went inside and made his way to
the upper flats, thinking there might be
some one there for no lawful purpose. He
did not rind any one, and as he was de
scending to the basement two shots were
fired at him through a wooden partition.
The shots went wild, but they made
Brown's hair stand on end and he yelled
that he was a police officer. The firing
ceased, and a female voice begged his par
don, ixplaining that he was mistaken for
a burglar.
Mrs. Laseres, the former owner of the
candy factory, lives in the re«r of the
buildings, and it was she who fired the
shots through the partition. Brown ac
cepted her explanation and told her to see
that the front doors were locked in future. I
' r J^-. : .^^^-._:_^^'..' »EW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
NOVELTY
' * *w * JL Jft.
BLACK
GOODS!
THE LATEST NOVELTIES
FOR SPRING 1896.
We will exhibit this week a magnificent
assortment of HIGH NOVELTY BLACK
DRESS FABRICS. The styles are the most
elegant we have ever shown and include the
newest productions of the best makers.
Novelties in Black Mohairs.
Novelties in Black Silk and Mohair.
Novelties in Black Etamine.
Novelties in Black Grenadine Effects.
-e== — SPECIAL ! — f3«
25 pieces BLACK NOVELTY CREPONS,
Price $1.00 a Yard.
TEUEI?IIO]NrE 3VEA.I3>J 5777.
1892 .^-^■■l^^^^^ x ~~ttm ' * wfs**"*m^£
ill, 113, 115, 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
CRUSHED BY THE CURS
Fatal Attempt of a Boy to
Board a Moving Train
Yesterday.
Willie Warde Meets His Death While
Returning From a Pleasure Trip
to the Cliff.
Willie Warde, an 11-year-old boy, who
with a youthful companion went out to
Sutro's new pleasure grounds yesterday
afternoon, was killed and cruelly mangled
by a train which he attempted to board on
the return trip. The deceased lad and his
companion, Johnnie Thorp, had been en
joying themselves until about 3 o'clocK,
when Willie, who was about three years
younger than his companion, took offense
at a fancied slight and deserted the elder
lad. The latter says he searched about
the grounds for an hour as he knew Willie
had no money to ride.
At last he made up his mind that his
comrade had in some manner started for
home. He then took the train in and on
the way heard of the lad that had been
killed. He was heartbroken when he
identified the clothing of his unfortunate
friend.
The story of the accident, as told by
Engineer James Lamb and passengers on
the train, is that when the Ocean and
Park .train that leaves the beach at 3:27
reached that point known as the links, the
boy was seen walking along the track. He j
stepped aside to allow the train to pass i
him, and as the engine went by he at- I
tempted to board the first car.
He was a little fellow and the feat would
have been difficult for|one skilled in
boarding trains. As a result he fell and
three cars passed over his body cutting
him up frightfully.
The deceased lad has been living with!
his uncle, Joseph Phelan, at 535 Minna ;
stretet. His mother conducts a lodging
house at 416 O'Farrel street.
Engineer James Lamb surrendered him
self last night to the police and was booked :
on a charge of manslaughter. Captain j
Lees subsequently released him on his j
own recognizance.
President Jordan to Lecture.
To-morrow evening David Starr Jordan
President of Ihe Stanford University, will lec
ture before the Young Men's Christian Associa
tion at their auditorium, Mason and Ellis
street, on -'The Yellowstone." The lecture
will be illustrated with views of our National
Park, and is given unaer the auspices of the
forward movement committee of the associa
tion. Tickets of admission are compliment
ary, and may be secured by young men for
themselves and lady friends on application at
the association office.
A STANFORD CRUISE.
Seventy Persons Charter a Small Steam
boat and Visit San Quentin, Re
turning Home by Moonlight.
A party of seventy persons from Palo
Alto and Stanford University visited the
State prison at San Quentin yesterday.
They traveled in a small steamboat that
was recently built to carry the strawberry
crop from the landing near Palo Alto to
this City.
The boat stopped here at noon on the
up trip and again at 6 o'clock last night to
take aboard several oi the passengers who
had put in the time here in preference to
the main objective point across the Day.
There were a great many young ladies
in the party, and a number of the col
legians bad musical instruments witn
which to enliven the moonlit homeward
bound voyage down the bay.
SPECIAL SAVING SALE.
Monday — — Wednesday
.April Catalogue ready
Wednesday, it's worth hav-
ing; costs nothing.
Price don't guarantee qual-
ity, reputation of the seller
counts. Good nutritious
sound healthy pure food
helps keep you well — and
contented.
Mail order promptly filled.
Pasha Blend coffee. . . . . .30c
(3-lb cannister $1 00)
Nothing in it but coffee: starts you ont right for the
day. Delight Coffee bad, oreakt'ast bad; coffee
good, breakfast good. ■
Excelsior baking powder 30c
None better, none so good as cheap.
Our Choice canned fruits 15c
Peaches < pears 'apricots cherries plums quinces
blackberries raspberries cherries, not the biggest
; fruits but heavy syrup and fine flavor.
Ruby Royal tomatoes. . . 10c
Solid packed, nothing but tomatoes, no water, one
can goes as far as three ordinary.
Anker's Bouillon Capsules. •
.... . . . (beef tea) ...... 25c
: Especially nice for the sick room, travelers, ex-
; cursions, picnics.
Bees wax candles for
church and Easter.
Fish (for those who don't
eat meat this week) we've
; some big white tender mack-
erel, one is enough for a
family breakfast.
Whole German pears,
' whole cherries, potato flour
for the Hebrew holidays.
We are agents for Shredded
Whole Wheat Biscuits ;
nothing so nice for breakfast.
432 Pine Telephone Main 1
215 Sutter « Main 111
2800 California « West 101
1075 Clay, Oakland « Main 1
oppression, niinrn ny
SUFFOCATION, CunLU BY
: NEURALGIA, Etc., UUIIUU Ul
ESPIC'S CIGAKETTKS, OR POWDEH.
■- Paris, J.'ESFIC:' New York. K.FOUGEBA
& CO. ' Sold by all DrugglM*