VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 49.
AMERICANS ARE
YET IN DANGER
Friendb of the Arrested Men
Urge Prompt Action in
Their Behalf.
INTERVENTION IS ASKED.
The Position of Those Held for
Treason in the Transvaal
Very Serious.
PRESIDENT KRTJEGER'S POLICY.
Makes No Demands in Reference to
the Release of Jameson and
Companions.
LONDON, Esq., Jan. 17.— Mr. Wiltze,
the friend of John Hays Hammond, the
■an mining engineer, recently ar
th a number of
. m, who ar
rived here from the Transvaal a few days
- daily in receipt : s from
Americana ami others in Johannesburg
imong the arrested, urging
le influence to secure
the direct action of the United States
: niiien: in behalf of the arrested
s, the cablegrams say,
•
PRETORIA, Somi Africa, Jan. 17.— 1t
is officially stated that President Krueger
made no demands on either the British
Government or the British South Africa
Company in connection with the release
of Dr. Jameson and his companions. He
will make no demands until the Boers are
pacified and the state of affairs of the re
public is settled.
ia i <n;s n //././ i M's A( r/o_v.
One Hutaian Kditor Supports the Em
peror of Germany.
NEW YORK. N. V.. Jan. 17.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from St.
Petersburg says:
Prince Esper Uktomsky, the news editor
of the Petersburgski ya Vierlomosti, de
clares in his paper that : "The Standard
lias do need to say that Emperor William's
message has produced no effect in Paris.
Let it read the Paris press and take assur
ance from us as regards St. Petersburg,
that the opinion of the public here is in
favor of the German Emperor's action."
Other papers seem careful to refrain
from giving any opinion of the subject,
and Prince Uktorusky's assurance needs
confirmation.
i'/;i.so.vf7;.s n imh.i> ort:it.
Jitnicßon and J-'olloirers Escorted to the
Ji'tit/rl Jlorder.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, Jan. 17.—
Dr. Jameson's men are now being handed
over to a military escort at the Natal bor
der, fclach man signs a declaration
promising to proceed to England as a
prisoner and not to raise any question
respecting his legal custody en route, nor
to attempt to escape.
tX I t / I I I :.«. /it TBE BLACKS.
Tuciira of Slavery Itnys Jlerired in the
Trantraal.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Charles
D. Pierce of this i ity, Consul of the Orange
Free State, has just received copies of the
• in Gazette, an official organ of
I State, containing facts regarding
ick labor in force at the
of Johannesburg, from which
it is evident that great cruelty is exercised
• Boers and Uitlanders alike in their
nes with the natives. It is more than
possible, thinks Mr. Pierce, that in the
-sin the Transvaal the much
i native may attempt to assert his
richts al:-o a? a man and would-be citizen,
in which ca tlanders would be as
much his foe as the Boer.
blacks were brought down
from the Zambe.-i region to work on th«*
pold fields of the Rand, and their suffering
on the road ar.' s<aid to have rivaled those
of any Arab slave train in Central Africa.
"In that cruel trail," says the Johannes
burg correspondent, "old men enfeebled
by want, ireak women carrying the bur
den of approaching maternity, and even
children, small in stature and years, were
driven along like cattie. and exposed to
semi-starvation and ail the inclemency of
the season.
"We deny to the black man the sacred
ness of marriage, and here and in the Free
State alike decline to allow him to own an
inch of land. In both plnces he dare not,
for fear of the lash, waUc one step with
lie hateful card of slavery in his
pocket.
"In Johannesburg, when labor is plenti
ful, the native policeman is instructed,
and it becomes his one pet delight, to run
to earth the native who dares to place the
imprint of live black toes upon the side
walks of the Johannesburg streets. I r
white man commits the most dreadful
crimes and no Judge dares to apply the
lash to his back. Tne native coming from
the far inland and wholly ignorant of the
fearful danger before him, innocently
"rito the pavement and, therefore, is
pinned to the stake and thrashed until the
I ■ . The Boer Presiaent and the
black man will have long scores to settle
one day.
' From all this it would appear that
while the CTitlander has his grievance
I the Boer, the black slave who
works in the gold fields has deeper griev
ance against both. The side which wins
Him over by fair promises in the present
trouble will have a powerful ally against
the other.'
j-ott its iv:i f.sse.
The (ominiftrr Aj,jn>iiilrd In/ the Joint
Trrijfir .tusoriutinn.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 17. -The com
ird of control of the Joint
Truiiic- Association, irhicfa is to have
charge of the defense in the proceedings
begun at the instance of the Interstate
CoJnmerce Commission to prevent the
carrying out 01 tue agreement entered into
The San Francisco Call.
by the association, iscomposed of Chaun
cey M. Depew, president of the New York
Central and Hudson River Railroad;
Charles F. Mayer, president of the Balti
more and Ohio Railroad; C.M.Hayes,
general manager of the Grand Trunk
Railway of Canada; O. D. Ashley, presi
dent of the W abash Railroad, and M. E.
Ingalls, president of the Chesapeake and
Ohio and Big Four railroads, with George
B. Roberts, president of the Pennsylvania
Railroad, and chairman of the board of
control, a member of the committee, ex
omcio.
FIVE YEARS' IMPRISONMENT.
Sentence of Je fferey Martin for Drugging a
Woman and Stealing Her
Diamonds.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Judge
Cowing in general sessions to-day sen
tenced .It fferey Martin, alias "Dr." Mar
tine, alias several other names, to live
years in State prison for grand larceny.
Martin was convicted on the complaint of
Mrs. Minnie Allen of L"2l West Twenty
second street, who testified that the ac
cused robbed her of several diamonds in
her apartments.
He had been introduced to her as a
physician from Bellevue Hospital and
when she complained of toothache he gave
her some knockout drops and afterward
robbed her. He was caught in Atlanta,
da., and brought back here. The police
claim that the accused is a noted crook.
About three years ago he was a veterinary
surgeon at the Palo Alto slock farm of the
[ate Leland Stanford of California.
The accused is a half-blood Bannock
Indian and has traveled over much of
the world. He had no connection with
Bellevue as he claimed.
WEDS A WEALTHY CATTLEMAN.
Pretty Mabel Hageman Answers an Adver
tisement and Finds a Husband
in Oklahoma.
WICHITA, K.\Ns.,Jan. 17. — The mar
riage of John Campbell, one of the wealth
iest cattlemen of Oklahoma Territory, to
Miss Mabel Haceman of Michigan City,
Ind., occurred to-day, and to-night the
event was celebrated by a bis dance at
Campbell's ranch, in Blame County.
About four weeks ago he advertised in a
Chicago paper for a wife, and was flooded
with answers, each of which contained a
picture of the aspirant. Miss Jlajreman's
beauty attracted him and he sent for her.
They were mutualh pleased and were mar
ried immediately.
lOItAKI.Jt tOU I'RESIIiKST.
21 la Xante Will He I'rcgruted to the Jte-
publican Convention.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— A Herald
special from Cincinnati says: A prominent
Republican editor made the bold state
ment yesterday that Ohio would present
the name of Joseph Benson Foraker for
President to tfte National Republican Con
vention. He said he could «cc no hope for
even a favorabie consideration of MeKin-
ley's name. He did not beJiere McKinley
had aD3 r possible chance for the nomina
tion, hut he really believed Ohio would
dictate the nomination and that the can
didate's name would ba Foraker.
Mr. Rosenbaum, a millionaire, also said
that Foraker would be.the nominee. Both
of tbe^e peiulemen have heretofore been
strong McKinley advocates, and the news
of their desertion of the turiff leader will
cause consternation among his friends.
It is a well-known fact that McKinley
and Foraker have been political enemies
ever since the State convention which
nominated Bushnell for Governor. It has
also been known all along that Foraker
was a candidate for the Presidential nomi
nation.
DEFEATED KANITZ'S BILL
The German Reichstag Not in
Favor of a Government
Grain Monopoly.
Chancellor Yon Hohenlohe Presented
a Report on the Work for a
Civil Code.
BERLIN, Gbbhaht, Jan. 17.— At to-day's
sitting of the Reichstag, the discussion of
Count yon Kanitz's proposal for the estab
lishment of a Government grain monopoly
was resumed. The chamber was tilled to
its utmost capacity when at 2:30 o'clock
Baron yon Buol-Berenberg, president of
the Reichstag, requested the attention of
the House for Chancellor yon Hohenlohe.
The entire House at once crowded forward
to the Government benches. When order
was restored the Chancellor said:
"By command of his Majesty, Emperor
William, I have tbe great honor to submit
to the House the result of a quarter of a
century's arduous work in a civil code for
the empire. It was begun in days of na
tional rejoicing and it is hoped that it will
be completed in these days of remem
brance and revival of national feeling."
The Chancellor's remarks were received
with cheers. President yon Buol-Beren
berg expressed thanks to the House for
its attention, and expressed hope that,
alive to the knowledge of the trust and
confidence in it, its members would im
mediately* devote their attention to the
discussion of this national document,
which was a monument to Germany's
unity.
The Reichstag then resumed the debate
of the Kanitz hill, Baron yon Hammer
stein, Minister of Agriculture, having the
floor.
The bill was finally defeated, the vote
standing 97 in favor of the measure to 219
against.
It UN It OWN Jit AN ENGINE.
Two Car-Clennrrß Killed and Three Se-
rioumhj Injured.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.-Five car
cleaners employed by the Wagner Palace
Car Company were run down by an engine
or. the Hudson River Railroad this morn
ing at One Hundred and Fourteenth street.
Two were killed and the remainder seri
ously injured.
The killed are: Lizzie Becker, 3f» years;
Delia Mahone, 36 years. The injured are:
Maria Drummer, 60 years; Maggie Te
macy, 31 years; Louis Thorie. 60 years.
The car-cleaners were on the New York
and New Haven track. They stepped to a
Hudson River Railroad track to avoid the
New Hitvcn exnrpss. As they stepped on
the Hudson River track they were struck
by engine 8!*1 of the New York Central
road, which was going at a high rate of
speed.
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY MORNING, JANUARY IS, 1596.
FACE TO FACE AT LAST!
SOME ABUSES
OF IMMIGRATION
Evils of the Padrone Sys
tem Yet Exist in This
Country.
THE MIGJtATORY LABOR.
Men Cross the Border From
Canada and Return After
Each Day's Work.
SPEND NO MONEY THIS SIDE.
The Investigating Commission Makes
Recommendations as to Needed
Legislation.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— The re
port of the immigration investigation
committee appointed by Secretary Carlisle
June 18. 1894, has been published. Tne
report gives a concise history of immigra
tion and immigration legislation, explains
European immigration conditions, treats
at considerable length of the padrone sys
tem and of migratory laborers, especially
those from Canada. The report also treats
on the alleged defects of the present im
migration laws and recommends certain
remedial measures.
The chapters on the padrone system and
Canadian migratory laborers reveal a bad
condition of things. The padrone system
it seems has almost died out, but the
shifting about the country by the padrone
of large bodies of Italian workmen already
here is common, and this is as serious to
our native workmen as direct importation.
Tbe report continues:
"The Canadian migratory laborers have
for many years been going and coming
across the border to the detriment of the
wages and standard of living of the Ameri
can laborers. At least 100,000 persons
come into the United States annually from
these sections, fuily f»0 per cent of whom
return to their homes at the end of the
working season or when they have ac
cumulated a certain amount of money.
This 100,000, be it understood, does not in
clude those who come daily into the cities
of Buffalo, Detroit and other border towns
and cities on the Great Lakes. In some
cities and towns, notably Detroit and
Buffalo, they send their laundry over the
border, and those who come and go daily
bring their dinners with them. Some even
make it a boast that they don't spend a
penny in the States.
"The American workingmen ask pro
tection against this Canadian invasion
and cannot understand why Congress does
not readily grant it."
Among the significant facts brought out
incidentally by this report are: The sys
tematic sale of steamship tickets on the
installment plan by unauthorized agents;
the evasion of immigrant inspection by
taking second-class passage; a marked in
crease in the wealth of those sections of
Italy from which the most immigrants
have gone to America; a growing dispo
sition on the part of the steamship com
panies, foreign colonization societies and
foreign Governments to ignore the United
States immigration laws; a decided in
crease in immigration during the last
three months as one of the surest signs of
recovery from the recent hnancial de
pression and the introduction into Boston
of charitable societies of an academy sys
tem (so called because cigar-ruaking is
taught in a sort of school), which is as
baneful to the cigar trade as the sweating
system is to the clothing trade.
In conclusion the report says:
"Certain classes in the community have
demanded the complete abolition of immi
gration because of abuse of the naturaliza
tion laws in conferring the right of fran
chise upon newly arrived immigrants,
religious or race antagonisms, or because
of the discouragement induced by the re
cent financial depression. J>>ut it is a re
marlcable fact that notwithstanding the
linancial crisis and the widespread agita
tion against immigration, a large number
of the Governors of States have empha
sized a desire fur Immigrant*.
"This commission, recognizing the vast
and diverse interests involved, and fully
believing that the country has been a great
gainer by it, In the future desires to put it
self squarely on record as against the abso
lute prohibition of immigration or re
striction practically amounting thereto.
In farr, an entire closing of our ports to
immigrants would inevitably result in un
told injury to ofcr largest transportation
and man uf a etc ing enterprises."
Tlie commission advises, in view of the
injury done to American labor by Cana
dian migratory laborers, that Congress
provide a law n'cuiating immigration into
the United 8t»» ir->m contijuo-.F foreign
countries by water or land carriage in such
a manner as to protect our own work
men from the importation of transient
cheap labor across our frontier and to ex
clude aliens coming year after year to per
form labor in the United States with no
intention to settle therein. It further ad
vises, as the most efficient check on the
padrone system, that the Government un
dertake to provide for an intelligent distri
bution of immigrants.
A number of other suggestions are made,
dulling with such changes in the present
immigration statutes as the commissioners
deem necessary.
VAHlOlAillt AT CORNELL.
Studentt Will All tie- Vaccinated Without
Delay.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— A Re
corder special from Ithaca, N. V., says:
The Cornell University health board has
detected a case of varioloid in an indis
posed student.
President Scimrman and Drs. Hitchcock
and Law held a long consultation behind
closed doors and it was decided to offer
and advise vaccination free to the students
who have not already been vaccinated.
Dr. Hitchcock will have special hours for
vaccination of both male and female
students, and all care will be taken to keep
the disease in check.
TELESCOPED THE COUCHES
A Runaway Freight Car Crashed
Into a Passenger
Train.
Ten Persons Severely Hurt and Three
of the Injured May Not
Recover.
VICTOR, Coto., Jan. 17.— A runaway
freieht car on the Midland Terminal
crashed into the Colorado Springs local
passenger at Independence Station at 4:20
p. m. to-day, telescoping the passenger
coaches and severely injuring many per-
Those seriously injured are: Dick Clougli,
Victor, a Midland Terminal conductor;
Walter Skehm, Victor: 0. A. Alexander,
civil engineer on the Midland Terminal.
The passenger train from Colorado
Springs was backed out of the Victor sta
tion when the runaway car came down the
mountain at a fearful spet^d. It had be
come detached from a freight train taking
the main track after having sidetracked
for the passenger train by reason of the
coupling breaking.
Of the injured ten are quite seriously
hurt, and the three most severely injured
may die.
WAS J>VE TO SPECULATION*.
Downfall of a Well-Knotrn Snfe-Dealer
of Hoston.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 17.— E. C. Morris,
the well-known safe manufacturer and
dealer, left Boston two weeks ago and has
not since been heard from. It has been
discovered that he forged the name of his
father-in-law, Hon. Frank M. Ames, on
notes which will probably aggregate
$75,000, and it is said that he owes $150,000,
much of it to personal friends. His down
fall was due to speculation.
Jtiahop Jlnygood Dying.
COVINGTON, Ga.. Jan. 17.— Bishop At
ticus G. Haygooel of the Methodist Epis
copal church South is reported to be dying.
The Bishop had a stroke of paralysis iii
Atlanta last fall. He was born in Georgia
nf ty-six years ago and is widely Known.
DESTINED FOR
THE BERMUDAS.
Startling Report Regarding
the British Flying
Squadron.
TO BE NEAR VENEZUELA.
Movements of the Warships Sup
posed to Be Connected With
the Dispute.
MUCH SPECULATION CAUSED.
There Seems to Be No Foundation for
the Story That the Pope Offered
to Arbitrate.
LONDON, Ek». Jan. 17.— The Central
News circulates a report that the British
flying squadron, just put into commission,
is destined for the Bermudas. The report
cannot be confirmed.
WASHINGTON, I). C, Jan. 17.— The
statement made by the Central News of
London that the destination of the British
flying squadron is Bermuda instead of
Delagoa Bay 13 received at the Navy De
partment with incredulity except by a few
officers who believe the movement is in
some way connected with the Venezuelan
question, but beyond the infonration that
coal is being stored in large quantities at
the British naval coaling and supply sta
tion at St. Lucian, near the Venezuelan
coast, nothing is known on the subject.
THE AMUIRALTY JiETICKJVT.
liclief That the Squadron, 31 ay Go to the
IF«.»f Indies-
LONDON, Exc, Jan. 17.— Though the
Admiralty refuses to either confirm or
deny the statement that the new flying
squadron is destined for Bermuda, it can
be stated on the authority of officers at
tached to the squadron that they believe
that if they do not go to Bermuda they
will go to some point in the West Indies.
They don't know tlie nature of the service
they are going on, but in view of the dis
pute with Venezuela the fact of the dis
patching of the squadron to the West
Indies causes some anxiety.
HAS XO f-OUXDATION.
Story That the I'ope Offered to Act as
Arbitrator.
WASHINGTON, 1). C, Jan. 17.—Ac
cording to the best information here, the
dispatch from Rome to the London Chron
icle stating that the Pope, through Car
dinal Satolli, has made a semi-oflicial
offer to President Cleveland to act as arbi
trator between Great Britain and the
United States, has no foundation in fact.
Cardinal S&tolli has no diplomatic stand
ing in the United States. The State De
partment could not receive him in any dip
lomatic capacity without breaking off rela
tions with Baron Fava, the Italian Eru
bassador.
A second point of obvious weakness in
the story lies in the assumption that there
is something to be arbitrated upon be
tween the United States and Great
Britain, whereas the contention is between
Great Britain and Venezuela.
LOJAIjTY for EXGLAXD.
Friendly Relations With This Country
Alto Desired.
TORONTO, Ontario, Jan. 17.— 1n the
House of Commons to-night, Mr. McNeil!,
Conservative, gave notice of the following
resolution :
"That, in view of the threatening aspect
of foreign affairs, the House desires to as
sure her Majesty's Government and the
people of the United Kingdom of the unal
terable loyalty and devotion to the British
throne and the constitution, and its con
viction that should the occasion unhap
pily arise, in no other part of the British
empire than in the Dominion of Canada
would more substantial sacrifices attest
the determination of her Majesty's sub
jects to maintain unimpaired the integrity
and inviolate the honor of her Majesty's
empire; and that this House further re
iterates the oft-repeated desire of the
people of Canada to maintain the most
kindly relations with their kinsmen of the
United States."
WITH VENEZUELA DIRECT.
Likelihood, of Great Britain Ignoring
Th i » Co wntry*
COLON, Colombia, Jan. 17. — Advices re
ceived here from British (iulana indicate
the likelihood of Great Britain dealing
with Venezuela without any regard for the
United States' desire to obtain arbitration
of the dispute.
A small Venezuelan force under the
command of General McPherson is sta
tioned on the bank of the Cuyuni River.
THERE IS NOT ENOUGH STUDY.
An Article Entitled "Shame in Yale"
Causes a Great Furor at the
Noted College.
NEW HAVEN, Conn., Jan. 17.— The
current number of the Yale Literary Mag
azine, which appeared yesterday, contains
a scathing article entitled "Shame in
Yale." The article was written by E. 8.
Oviatt, one of the editors of the magazine
and a resident of New Haven. The article
is a bitter attack upon the senior-year
secret societies. He alleges that there is
too much wire-pulling for these honors.
After saying that there is too much mater
ialism in college iife here he adds:
•'Men graduate from this college year
after ypar with less mental strength and
less moral strength than the average un
educated man whom they pass on the
street. There is a very general desire
among us to get through on the least work
— to outwit the instructors. A man who
comes here to study nowadays is dubbed a
'dig,' is branded as an outcast, soon finds
himself out of sympathy with the body of
his associates, sinks into undisturbed but
ostracized manners of life, gains his honors,
but conies out at tte end of the course a
mere bookworm."
Oviatt concludes his article by saying
that in a few years, if things keep on as
they now are going, Yale democracy will
be a thing of the past. The article was the
talk of the campus yesterday. The Yale
Daily News replies to it in a long editorial
and contradicts most of Mr. Oviatt'a state
ments.
HOT IS THi: RUXD POOTj.
Officers of National Hank* Make a Vig
orous Jtenial.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 17.— Officers of
every National bank" rumored to be a mem
ber of a pool to make a big bid for millions
of the new bond issue denied to-day the
existence of any such combination. The
Illinois Trust and Savings Bank is the
only one which has made a bid for the
bonds, the officers admitting that a bid for
$1,000,000 has been forwarded to .Washing
ton. They refuse to give the price offered,
but it is believed to be 111.98. It is the
general opinion among local bank officials
that the banks will need all the gold they
have in their vaults or can get hold of, as
they cannot tell when they will want to
use it or when gold will be at a premium.
GOODWIN GOT THE JUASVSCRIPT.
Then Sained the Villain in the Play After
the Owner.
Chicago. 111., Jan. 17.— John M. Max
well, a newspaper reporter of this city, be
gan suit to-day against the comedian,
Nat Goodwin, claiming $50,000 damages on
the allegation that Goodwin's play "Am
bition" belongs to him. To make matters
worse, the bill filed in court alleces that
after stealing the manuscript Goodwin
named the villain in the play John M.
Maxwell.
FORGED THE WARRANTS.
Flight of the Agent of an Invest
ment Company From SiQux
Falls.
Before Departing He Gave a Bill of
Sale For All His Property to a
Woman.
SIOUX FALLS, S. D., Jan. 17.— Wilniot,
Roberts County, is stirred up over the
flight of George M. Clark and the discov
ery of some heavy forgeries of county war
rant?, believed to have been stolen and
manipulated by him.
Clark was the agent of K. W. Brown
& Co., the big investment brokers and loan
agents of New York, and has always borne
a high reputation, making large loans in
the county and handling many securities.
He recently disappeared.
At about the same time there were pre
sented to the County Treasurer for pay
ment four warrants aggregating in amounts
$3300.
These warrants bore evidence of genuine
ness on their face, had on their backs the
stamped notice that they had been pre
sented to the Treasurer's office, but not
paid for lack of funds, and also bore the
seal of the county and were signed by M.
J. Ireland, County Auditor, and J.C. Hitt,
chairman of the county board.
It was ajso found that before leaving he
had cashed at the bank drafts for $600 and
$800, and.that he had given a bill of sale
tor all his property to a woman in Minne
apolis. The bank, however, placed an at
tachment on his property before the bill
of sale was recorded.
MADJS A QUICK FOTAGJE.
The Steamer St. Louis Came Near the
Trans- Atlantic Record.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— The Amer
ican line steamer St. Louis, from South
ampton, arrived here to-night, having
made the trip in six days, nine hours and
thirty-two minutes, breaking her best pre
vious record and coming within two hours
and fourteen minutes of the record made
by the steamer New York of the same line.
The St. Louis will go out of commission
for ten weeks to be overhauled, and her
chief engineer expects to break all records
with her when she resumes her trips.
McKinley Their Choice.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., Jan. 17. -The
State Republican Committee met here to
day to determine upon a place for hold
ing the State Convention. A telegram
was sent to Major McKinley informing
him that he was the unanimous choice for
the Republican nomination for President.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GENERAL CAMPOS
ROW RECALLED.
Supreme Command in Cuba
Is Transferred to
Wyler.
ARDERIUS ALSO RETIRES
Union and Reformist Parties on
the Island Demanded the
Removal.
PROGRESS OF THE CAMPAIGN,
Havana Said to Be in No Danger
Unless From an Uprising of
Sympathizers.
MADRID, Spain, Jan. 17.— The Cabinet
this evening decided to recall from Cuba
Captain-General Campos and his brother
in-law, General Arderius, second in com
tnand.
Generals Marin and Pando will be
temporarily substituted in their places.
The supreme command in the island will
be conferred on General Weyler, who will
sail for Cuba forthwith, in company with
General Polavioja.
Before action was taken the leaders of
the Constitutional, Union and Reformist
parties of Cuba cabled to the Government
here demanding the recall of General
Campos.
General Polavioja, the successor of Gen
eral Ardenus, has started from Seville for
Madrid.
CAUSE OF THE RECALL,.
Catnpos' Campaign Has Ao« Sufficiently
l igoroua.
HAVANA, Cuba, Jan. 17.— A meeting of
generals was held this evening at the
palace of the captain-general, at which
.Marshal Campos announced that he had
cabled to the Government at Madrid stat
ing the result of his conference with the
leaders of the political parties and signify
ing his intention to abide loyally by any
decision the Cabinet might make in the
matter. To this dispatch he said he had
received a reply advising him, in view ol
the conditions existing, to turn over the
civil and military government of the island
to Generals Marin and Pando. This he
had done so far as was nossible. General
Pando being in Santiago de Cuba.
General Marin had taken command
over the Government temporarily and his
responsibility would be shared by General
Pando shortly.
The news that Marshal Campos had
practically been relieved of his commands
caused little excitement in the city.
The matter was discussed in the cafes,
restaurants and hotel lobbies, where the
people gather at night, but. there was no
signs of alarm displayed. There are many
Spaniards who believe that General Cam
pos has been altogether lenient in hia
treatment of the rebels and they clamor
for a more vigorous policy.
The men who have temporary charge of
the civil and military branches of the
Government are known to believe in a pol
icy that will give no mercy to those who
are in arms against the King, and it is ex
pected that vigorous measures will be
taken to suppress the insurrection. The
peeple here are confident in the ability of
the Government to maintain order.
Little news and that of no importance
has been received from the front to-day.
The rebels have succeeded in cutting off
nearly all means of communication with
the interior. All kinds of rumors are in
circulation, but when they are investigated
they turn out to be baseless. One thine is
certain, and that is Havana is not threat
ened by the rebels from the outside.
The only danger is a rising on the part
of the Cuban sympathizers in the city, and
that is a danger that is hardly appreciable
in view of the strong forces of the regular
troops and volunteers in the city and
vicinity. Every precaution has been taken
to prevent such a rising were an attempt
made.
VICTORIES AXE REPORTED.
But Then the A'ews Comes From Spanish
Quarters.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— Senor
Dupuy de Lome, Spanish Minister, re
ceived the following cablegram this after
noon from Madrid, signed by the Duke of
Tetuan, Minister of Foreign Affairs:
"Tne commander-in-chief telegraphs that
General Luque overcame in Angosturos,
province of Pinar del Rio, portions of the
bands of Antonio Mareo, commanded by
Nunez, Bermudez and others, capturing
their Hag and encampment, 100 horses,
saddles, arms, ammunition and pro
visions, making some prisoners and dis-
posing them.
Sanchez, with 240 men, had an
engagement with a large band commanded
by Lacret in Charca, province of Matan
zas, capturing their encampment. Gen
eral Prat reached the vanguard of Maximo
Gomez at Encruitijada, province of Ha
vana, putting it to Might."
The Spanish Minister, late this evening,
received a cablegram from the Duke of
Tetuan, saying that: "The official news
from Cuba and the state of insurrection
are as satisfactory as I telegraphed you
this morning. Independently of the mili
tary action the Government has author
ized Marshal Martinez Campos to resign
his command to General Marin and return
to Spain in consequence of the conduct of
the political parties of Cuba contrary to
the policy of the commander-in-chief, ask
ing a change in the system of conducting
the war."
As shown by the dispatches the Govern
ment is perfectly satisfied with the state ol
the campaign generally.
TRAFFIC IS SUSP ESIiED.
A© More I ruins on the Western Jinil
way During Hostilities.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17,-A, dispatch.2
to the Herald from Havana, via Key West,
say-:
Traffic on the "Western railway of Cuba
was indefinitely suspended yesterday.
The machine shops are closed and em
ploye? nave all been discharged. It is said
that while the war continues no efforts
will be made by railway directors to re
sume the running of trains, all bridges of
importance between this city and I'inar
del Rio having been destroyed by rebel
torches or bombs. The line is owned by
British capitalists, and until recently it
yielded them bit? dividends. Two-thirds
of the tobacco of the celebrated Vuelta
Aba jo district was carried over this line.
The Spanish authorities are indignant at
the superintendent because of bis decision
to make no further attempts to accommo
date traffic while hostilities continue.
Jlartinez Campos requires the line to
transport his troops, and pemi-ollieial
Havana newspapers, in editorial articles,
attacking foreign companies in general,
■urge the Spanish Government to confiscate
the line and turn it over to a syndicate of
national capitalists patriotic enough to
keep traffic open at whatever sacrifice.
Captain-General Campos has ordered
one day's salary in each month to be de
ducted from the pay of soldiers and all
employes, civil and military, for charitable
purposes to relieve the sufferings of refu
gees in the cities and coast towns.
ANNOUNCED THE ENGAGEMENT.
Ex-President Harrison and Mrs. Gimmick
Will Be Married Soon After
Lent
NEW YORK, N. V.. Jan. 17. — Ex
ent Harrison to-night formally an
nounced bis engagement to Mrs. Dim
ivenue Hotel. There
was a crowd of newspaper men and others
el shortly before 9 r. m.,
when Secretary Tibbius appeared and
. them the following:
neral Harr.sun authorizes the an
nouncement ti.:tt he and Mrs. Dimmick
1 to be married and that the
marriage "will not take place until after
Lent."
Mr. Tibbitts refused to further discuss
. ■inouneenient, and although the ex
ras upstairs in his room at the
he denied himself to all newspaper
men.
itta said that General Harrison
. remain in the city until after Sun
day, v.nen he would go to Indianapolis
and from there to Washington.
Mrs. Dimmick's full name is Caroline
Lord Dimmick. She is the daughter of
the late Mrs. Lord, tlie eldest sister of
Genera: Harrison's first wife. She is the
widow of a naval officer. After her hus
band? death she lived for some time with
her mother in Pittsburg. Mr. Lord died
: ;he time that General Harrison was
President, lira, Harrison thereupon sent
for her favorite niece and namesake to
come to the White House, and made the
young widow her private secretary. Dur
[rs. Harrison's illness, both at the
I cottage and in the White
House, Mr?. Dimmick was her faithful
levoted nurse.
PROTECTING THE SEALS.
Suit of the Government to Re- i
strain the American
Company.
It Is Claimed by the Defendant That
Its Business Has Been Ruined
by Interference.
NEW YORK, X. V., Jan. 17.— The hear
ing on the motion in the United States
Circuit Court to restrain the North Ameri
can Company from taking seals on the
islands of St, George and St. Paul was
closed to-day.
During the three days' proceedings it
Las been claimed by United States District
Attorney Macfarlane that the Secretary of
the Treasury has the ri^ht to limit "the
number of seals to be taken each season
by the company in order that the seals
may be protected from undue depletion.
Lawyer James S. Carter for the com
pany contended that the action of the
Secretary of tne Treasury was unwar
ranted, as the seals were plentiful and by
the limiting of the number to 10,000 the
contract between the Government and the
company had been broken and the busi
ness of the company almost ruined.
The Rumminfr up of counsel will occur
some time within two weeks.
HUBERT HOOIJI ARRIVES.
Will Probably Succeed Bit Brother, Bal
linntoji, it* Commander. "'^^T^
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Among
the passengers who arrived on the steamer
St. Louis to-day was Hubert Booth,
youngest son of* General William Booth
and brother of Ballington Booth of
of the Salvation Army. He was asked as
to the reported recall of Ballington Booth
and his wife from their American work.
He did not know the cause of the recall,
he said, but thoueht it likely that it was
because of the practice of changing the
command of the army's officers every six
or seven years. He did not know whether
be was to take his brother's place or not,
but thought it not unlikely that his dis
trict would be changed within the next
four months or so.
The. Joint Traffic Suit.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— The hear
ng of the bill of complaint tiled by United
Statea District Attorney Macfarlane in the
United States Circuit' Court, in the name
of the United States against the thirty-two
railroad companies constituting the Joint
Traffic Association, and which was fixed
for this afternoon, was adjourned at the
request of the United States District At
torney until January 31, to give the roads
ample time to reply to the charges in the
complaint.
Vnion l'acipr Jteoi-fjanizrrt ion.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— A ma
jority of the shares of the stock of le
Union Pacific Company has been depos
ited with tiie committee until the reorgan
ization agreement. Application was made
once for the listing of the trust company's
certificates of deposit of stock. It is ex
pected that the board of Government of
the New York Siock Exchange will take
Jinal action with reference thereto at the
next regular meeting.
Kr- Congregant mi Lavclor Dead.
CHICAGO, 111., Jan. 17.—Ex-Congress
ruan Frank Lawlor, one of the Aldermen
representing iho Nineteenth Ward, died of
apoplexy this afternoon. He had been a
local politician well known for a quarter
of a century. He was a candidate for
Postmaster of Chicago.
Itary Crockett' it Sephew Dying.
6HELBVVILLE, 111., Jan. 17.— David
Crockett, aged 68, a nephew of the famous
gcout and trapper, Davy Crockett, is dying
at his home in Big Springs Township.
Jurk Hard Knocked Out.
BALTIMORE, Me, Jan. 17.— Sammy
Kelly of New York knocked out Jack
Ward of Newark, X. J., in the twenty
fourth round to-night, and Joe Gans de
feated Joe Elliott in the seventh round.
PEOPLE'S PARTY
LEADERS MEET
Forty Delegates and Proxies
Answer the Roll-
Call.
MARY LEASE IS MISSED.
The National Committee Decides
to Hold the Convention
on July 22.
CITIES STRIVING TO GET IT.
St. Louis, Indianapolis and Milwaukee
Bidding to Secure the
Gathering.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., Jan. 17.-When the
People's party National Committee met
this morning at 10 o'clock in the Lindell
forty delegates and proxies answered to the
rollcall. The old guard was not repre
sented as strongly as in former meetings,
and among those missed were Mary Eliza
beth [Lease of Kansas, ex-Congressman
Bryan of Nebraska and ''Cyclone" Davis
of Texas.
Notable and conspicuous among those
on the platform were the Hon. Ignatius
Donnelly of Minnesota, Senator Marion
Butler of North Carolina, Chairman H. E.
Taubeneck of Illinois, Congressman John
C. Bell of Colorado, General Weaver of
loway and General Paul Vandervoort of
Omaha.
When Chairman Taubeneck called the
committee to order at 11 o'clock he stated
the object of the meeting, and asked that
the claims of each city desiring the con
vention should receive careiul consider
ation. The first hour was consumed in
five-minute speeches by visitors in pre
senting their views on the proper date for
holding the National Convention.
The speakers took considerable latitude
in their remarks, and the flow of oratory
was still in progress when the committee,
at 1 r. m., took a recess for one hour.
At 5:30 p. m. the committee took a reces3
until 8:30 o'clock. Upon reassembling the
claims of cities desirinc the National Con
vention were called for. C. H. Sampson
and Kdward Devery presented the ciaims
of St. Louis, and I. N. Gordon and Evans
Woo! in of Indianapolis put forth the ad
vantages of their city in a forceful manner.
Milwaukee had but one champion, Rob
ert Schilling, ana he made the brightest
and best address of the evening.
At this point Senator Butler of North
Carolina moved au executive session and
that the claims of other cities be heard at
to-morrow's session.
It has virtually been decided that the
basis of representation to the next con
vention shall be fixed at one delegate from
the State at large and one for each 1000
votes or fraction thereof cast by the Popu
lists at the last election.
The committee then, in executive ses
sion, named July 22 next as the date of the
National Convention, and without taking
a bollot on the convention city adjourned
until 10 o'clock to-morrow.
In executive session the following were
named a committee to confer with the Bi
metal list League at Washington. D. C, on
the 22d inst., to fix a basis of agreement:
General Weaver of lowa, James J. Field of
Virginia, Senator Butler of North Carolina,
Congressman Bell of Colorado, J. J. Turner
of Georgia and Carey Brown of Massa
chusetts.
11 EG SETS OK THE SULTAIf.
Will JLtaure Victoria That Jieformt Wilt
Be Carried Out.
LONDON, Exc, Jan. 17.— Special dis
patches from Constantinople report that
the Sultan professes to regret that Queen
Victoria believes that further disorders in
Asia Minor are possible under the reforms
he has promised to grant. He will write a
letter stating the facts in the case.
Lord Salisbury has communicated to the
Duke Westminster, the bead. of the
Armenian Relief Commission here, in
formation received by him from Sir Philip
Currie, the British Embassador to Tur
key, relative to the measures taken by the
British Consuls and American mission
aries in behalf of the Armenians.
It is estimated that about £50,000 will be
required to prevent the Armenians who
have been despoiled from starving to death
until April.
The Duke of Westminster in turn com
municated the information to Sir Walter
Henry Wilkin, Lord Mayor of London,
who will issue an appeal to the City of
London to augment the £18,000 it has
already subscribed for relief purposes in
Armenia.
KOREA'S QVEES IS DEAD.
Xo Truth in the Story That She
Escaped.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Yoko
hama, over the signature of Colonel John
A. Cockerill says:
The Queen of Korea is certainly dead.
There is no truth in the story that Bhe
escaped from her murderers at Seoul.
Explorer Aatrup Missing.
LONDON, Eng., Jan. 17.— The Daily
News will to-morrow publish a dispatch
from Christiania saying Evynd Aatrup,
the Norwegian explorer who was with
Lieutenant Peary in Greenland, i 3 miss
ing. He started to make an expedition
in the mountains during the Cnristmas
holidays and has not since been heard
from. A party has been formed to go in
search of him.
floqttet Is Dying.
.PARIS, France, Jan. 17.— Ex-Premier
Floquet is dying.
FOR THti I'AVJfIC CABLE.
Claims Presented to the House Commerce
Committee.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.-The
House Committee on Interstate and For
eign Commerce to-day heard E. L. Bay
lies of New York, in support of the bill to
establish a cable between the United States
and tee Hawaiian Islands. Ho Epokeof it«
importance, and said the cable, if allowed,
will start from the coast of California or
Oregon and proceed to the Hawaiian
Islands, a distance of 2097 miles, thence in
a southwesterly direction 1991 rnilea to
the Marshall Islands, and thence north
westerly 2502 miles to Yokahama; the total
length of the cable thus being 6590 miles.
Its estimated cost when ready for operation
would be $7,500,000.
Continuing, he said it was proposed to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
ask from the United States Government
aid in the building of the cable with a
sum which would equal approximately
$173,000 per year for twenty years, and
during this period the Japanese Govern
ment is to be asked to contribute $200,000
a year.
' Mr. Baylies said that if the proposed
cable was laid the rate for the transmis
sion of messages would, in a short time,
oe reduced from 30 to 50 per cent.
L. L. Spaiding of the Hawaiian Islands,
representing another cable company, will
present the claims of his company later.
ASKS PROMPT LEGISLATION.
President Cleveland Sends a Message Re-
lating to Unlawful Grants of
Public Lands.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— The
President sent a special message to the
Hodse to-day regarding land grant rail
roads, in which he says that he desires to
invite attention to the necessity for
prompt legislation in order to remove the
limitation of time within whicn suits may
be brought by the Government to annul
unlawful or unauthorized grants of public
lands. He reviews the laws on tho sub
ject and says:
By section 8 of the act of March 3, 1891, it is
expressly enacted that suits by the United
States to vacate and annul any patent hereto
fore issued shall only be brought within five
years from the passage of this act. This period
of five years will expire on March 3, 1890. Of
course no suit to secure the cancellation of a
patent in this class of cases after that date
would be effective. Indeed, it is now too late
to initiate proceedings looking to any such
suit, inasmuch as demand has to be first made
on the company and thereafter ninety days al
lowed for compliance or reitisal, in accordance
with the provisions of trie act of March 3,
1837. Before the expiration of this period the
statute would bar the riirht of recovery by the
Government and the benefits of anticipated
favorable decisions of the courts would be
lost, 60 far as they might determine the char
acter and disposition of grants similar to those
directly involved in pending cases.
The Government should not be prevented
from going into the courts to right wrongs per
petrated by its agents or any other parties and
by which much of the public domain may be
diverted from the people at large to corporate
In these circumstances it seems to me that
the act of 1891 should be so amended as not to
apply to suits brought to recover title to lands
certiiied or patented oa account of railroad or
other grants, and 1 respectfully urge upon
Congress speedy action to the end suggested,
so that the adjustment of these grants may
proceed without interposition of a bar,
through lapse of time, against the right of re
covery by the Government in proper cases.
ESTABLISHED IN GOTHAM
Mrs. Clara Foltz Opens an Office
at the Metropolis of the
Nation.
Believes There Is a Demand and Neces
sity for a Woman Lawyer in
the Big City.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.-Jttrs. Clara
Foltz, who was ihe pioneer amon^ the
lawyers of her sex on the Pacific Coast,
has established an office in the Temple
Court building, this city, and has sent out
a card announcing her intention of estab
lishing a practice.
"Mrs. Foltz believes," says the card,
"that in so great a city, with its varied in
terests and liberal thought, there is room,
demand and necessity for a woman lawyer
in the regular practice. She therefore
hopes to receive a cordial welcome and a
generous patronage."
She announces her purpose, besides con
ducting a general law business, "of adjust
ing differences without resort to the
courts."
Mrs. Foltz is one of the best-known
women lawyer? in the country. The Cali
fornia code seventeen years ago would
only admit men to practice. Mrs. Foltz
led the attack on this discrimination and
drew up the amendment removing it,
which has since stood. Immediately fol
lowing this triumph in the Legislature
she brought suit against the trustees of
the Hastings College to compel them to
allov»her to study law there and was vic
torious before tiie courts.
The furnishings of Mrs. Foltz's office
are such as might be seen in the office of a
busy lawyer. No feminine touch appears
except in the roses on her desk and the
blotter-pad presented by the Portia Club
of San Francisco, of which she is perma
nent dean.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
The Irrigation Case Will Be Argued Next
Wednesday — Naval Strength of the
Pacific Station,
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17. -The
celebrated Wright irrigation case will be
argued in the United States Supreme
Court on next Wednesday. The first case
will be that of the Modesto District vs.
Tregea. Ex-President Harrison will be
associated with Judge C. C. Wright of
California and Judge Dillon of New York
in support of the constitutionality of the
act, and the opposine counsel will be
Joseph H. Choate of New Yort and Judge
Thomas H. Bond of Lakeport, Cal.
Johnson (R.) to-day introduced a bill to
pay the city of Sacramento the sum of
$2175 for improving X street, Seventh
street and Oakland avenue, adjoining the
United States postoffice.
Congressman Barham saw Chief of En
gineers Craighill and Lieutenant-Colonel
Benyaurd to-day concerning His bill grant
ing the right of way for a road through
Lime Point military reservation. He was
advised that it would be necessary for him
to secure the passage of a resolution of in
quiry by Congress before the department
conld take any action.
The superintendent of the Life-saving
Service will recommend the establishment
of a life-saving station at Point Bonita.
Senator Perkins to-day received the fol
lowing letter from the Secretary of the
Navy in reply to one sent himj already
published in The Call:
Sir— l have trfe honor to acknowledge the
receipt of your letter of the 10th inst., signed
by yourself and certain members of Congress
from the States of California, Oregon and
Washington, in regard to strengthening toe
United States navu'l force on the Pacific sta
tion.
In reply, I have to inform you that the
United Slates bteamship Monterey is at pres
ent in commission, and is in readiness for
service. Slight repairs are needed to her boil
ers, which will not, however, be made during
the next two month!-:.
The Monadnoek will be placed in commis
sion about March 1, and assigned to duty on
tho Pacific station. If Congress will authorize
sufficient incrense in the enlisted force of the
navy to permit the department to enlist a crew
for the Oregon bhe will be placed in commis
sion as soon as completed, about May 1, and
assigned to duty in Pacific station. Very re
spectfully, H. A. Herbert, Secretary.
The Treasury Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— The
treasury reserve stood at the close of busi
ness to-day at $53,572,678. The with
drawals to-day were $1,051,000.
COX.VOn- la this city, January 17, 1896, Mary
Connor, beloved mother of J. W. »nd J. H. Con-
nor, a. native of Maccroon, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 51 years. • . .
JjflTNotice of funeral hereafter.
APPLAUSE FOR
FERVENT PRAYER.
An Unprecedented Incident
in the Proceedings of
the House.
PLEA OF THE CHAPLAIN.
Approval of His Appeal for
Cubans and Others Strug
gling for Liberty.
PENSION CLAIMS CONSIDERED.
After Several Amendments Were Re
jscted the General Pension Appro
priation Bill Was Passed.
WASHINGTON, D. v. f Jan. 17.—Ap
plause following the delivery of a prayer
in the House is an unusual and probably
unprecedented incident in its proceedings,
but when Chaplain Couden to-day offered
the following invocation: "Our heavenly
father, we thank thee for the degree of
special liberty which we as a people enjoy,
and our hearts go out for those in other
lands who are struggling for a wider
liberty. Especially do we pray for the
Cubans, and ask that if they* be right,
their efforts may be crowned with success.
And we pray that our countrymay do for
them all that it can without compromising
its dignity or in disregard of its aacred
obligations and duties to other nations."
There was a lively outbreak of hand
clapping all over the floor.
The House went into committee of the
whole with Dingley (R.) of Maine in the
chair, to consider the general pension ap
propriation bill, under the five-minute
rule.
Steele (R.) of Indiana offered an amend
ment providing that the regulations made
in the Pension Bureau for the considera
tion of pension claims shall be public, and
thai all papers bearing upon a claim shall
be open to the inspection of the claimant
and his attorney.
To this Bartlett (D.) of New York made
the point of order that it changed existing
law, and was, therefore, obnoxious to the
rules. After some debate the point of
order was sustained.
Hermann (R.) of Oregon proposed an
amendment establishing a 1-cent per diem
service pension to every soldier and sailor
who served more than ninety days, the
minimum to be $8 a month, and making
that sum the minimum pension paid under
any law to a veteran or his widow. This
was ruled out on a point of order.
Mahon(R.) of Pennsylvania offered an
amendment making a pension once
granted a vested right, to be disturbed
only on ground of fraud. This was paseed
over temporarily.
Bartlett (D.) of New York made the
point of order against tue provision in the
bill, as reported, that a widow claimant
having less than $500 a year income is,
within the meaning of the law, "without
other means of support than her daily
labor." The provision was supported by
W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania, Pow
ers (R.) of Vermont, Northway (R.) of
Ohio and Grosvenor (R.) of Ohio as not
changing existing law.
Chairman Dingley sustained the point
of order, and the provision was stricken
out.
Stone offered the amendment in a modi
fied form, and that was rejected on another
point of order.
In yiew of these rulings by the chair
man Mahon (R.) of Pennsylvania with
drew hi 3 pending amendment declaring
a pension to be a vested right.
Graff (R.) of Illinois withdrew his pro
posed amendment to prevent the reduc
tion or withdrawal of a pension, except in
proceeding? instituted in a Federal court.
The committee then rose and the bill
was passed without a dissenting voice.
At 4:50 o'clock, after an announcement
by W. A. Stone (R.) of Pennsylvania,
which was received with applause, that
the pension bill had passed the House fifty
days ahead of the passage of any similar
bill in the last two Congresses, tbe House
adjourned until Monday next.
DEFEATED THE MOTIOX.
TJie Japanese Diet Sustain* the Policy of
the Government.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.—Dis
patches received at the Japanese legation
state that on the 9th inst. a vote was taken
in the Diet, or Japanese Congress, upon a
motion to memorialize the Emperor
against the foreign policy of the Govern
ment, especially against its relinquish
ment of the Liao Tang peninsula. The
motion was defeated by a vote of 170 to 103.
The full membership of the Diet is 306.
The vote, inasmuch as the Diet has almost
invariably been hostile to the administra
tion, is regarded as a signal victory for the
Government.
Mieura, the Japanese Minister to Kor^a
at the time of the murder of the Queen,
remains in close confinement in Japan.
Iso question is entertained in Japan that
the Queen was really killed and cremated
as stated in dispatches published at the
time.
FOR THE PACIFIC STATION.
Vessels That trill Soon Be Ready for
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.-Secre
tary Herbert, replying to a letter from
Senator Squire, says that the United States
steamship Monterey is at present com
missioned and in readiness for service
The Monadnock will be placed in com
mission about March 1 and assigned to
duty on the Pacific station. Secretary
.Herbert also says:
"If Congress will authorize a sufficient
increase in the enlisted force of the navy
to permit the department to enlist a crew
for the Oregon she will be piaced in com
mission as soon as completed— about May
l—and assigned to duty on the Pacitic
station. '.
To Examine the Site*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.—A board
of army officers lias been appointed to
meet at Seattle, Wash., for the purpose of
making a thorough examination of all the
sites for a military post and defenses, pro
posed by the citizens of Seattle, Wash., to
be donated to the United States under the
provisions of the last sundry civil bill.
Chapman's Case Jiefore the Jury.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.—The
case of Witness Chapman was concluded
this afternoon and went to the jury. At
1 o clock to-night they were undecided
and were locked up for the night.
Sill to Be Relired.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.-U 1b
rumored at the State Department that a
change will be made within a day or two
in the legation at Seoul, Korea. John
M. B. Sill, the present United States Min
ister there, was appointed from Michigan.
It is intimated that he will probably be re
tired at his own request.
FREAK OF A FKESXO IMBECILE.
I'eter Anaon Attempt* to Set Fire to the
County Hospital.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— Peter Anson,
an inmate of the County Hospital, at
tempted to set fire to the building to-day.
He was discovered, and although he baa
started a fire in a heap of chips on the
floor of his room it was easily extinguished.
Anson is undoubtedly insane, and he
seems to have a mania for starting tires.
He was examined in the Superior Court on
a charge of insanity a few days ago, but it
was thought that with proper care he
could soon recover. He was accordingly
sent to the hospital. He is now in jail
and will again be examined. Anson ia
over 70 years old.
EUREKA'S RIVAL ROADS.
Injunction Suit Against the Klamath
Railway Company.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The Arcata
and Mad River Railroad Company, owned
by Xorbel Brothers, has commenced ac
tion against a newly incorporated and
rival corporation, the Eureka and Klamath
Railroad Company, to restrain it from
running its tracks through the Arcata
line's freiphtyard and crossing the Arcata
track in several places where collisions
are liable to occur. A restraining order
was issued by Judge Wilson to-day. I f is
not known what action the rival company
will take.
SANTA BARBARA BALL.
Recrption Tendered, to Officer* of the
Cruiser Philadelphia.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., Jan. 17.—
The ball to the officers of the cruiser Phil
adelphia occurred at the Arlington Hotel
to-night. The ballroom was decorated
with large quantities of bunting of the
National colors and with flowers in profu
sion. The dance music was excellent and
over three hundred people were on the
floor. Admiral Bpardsley, flag lieuten
ants, ensigns and cadets riot on duty were
present in full uniform. Supper was
served in the anteroom and dancing was
kept up until a late hour.
XEWCASTLE'S PROTEST.
Atasa-Mtetlng Resolution* Againwt the
Funding Bill.
NEWCASTLE, Cal., Jan. 17.— An anti
funding bill mass-meeting was held in the
public reading-room here last evening at
the request of the Mayors of San Fran
cisco, Oakland, Stockton and Sacramento.
A. J. Shellbninmer, editor of the News,
was elected chairman, and E. Kateenstein
secretary. Resolutions protesting against
the passage of the bill were adopted, and
H. F. Fountain was elected a delegate to
the convention to be held in San Francisco
on January 18. .
A. Failure at Maryaville.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 17.— S. G.
King, a dry-goods merchant, has failed.
His stock was attached by Mrs. Carrie
Berg, the indorser of his note to the Ride
out Bank, for $15,000. The stock and fix
tures are in the hands of the Sheriff.
Death of a Humboldt Pioneer.
EUREKA, Cal., Jan. 17.— Mrs. Char
lotte M. Malony, a pioneer woman of
Humboldt County, died last evening in
this city. Mrs. Malony was 74 years of
ace, and had lived in this county since
1851.
THE SUGAR BOUNTY CASES
Referred by Secretary Carlisle
to the Court of Claims
for a Test.
Controverted Questions of Law
Upon Which a Ruling Is
Desired.
WASHINGTON. D. C, Jan. 17.—Sec
retary Carlisle to-day sent to the Court of
Claims, for the purpose of testing the con
stitutionality of the sugar bounty, the Ox
nard claim, which claim was held up by
Comptroller Bowler on the ground that
the law authorizing the payment of boun
ties was unconstitutional. Secretary Car
lisle's letter reads:
"In accordance with the certilicate of
the Auditor of the Treasury Department,
made on his own behalf and at the re
quest of the Comptroller of the Treasury,
and also on my own behalf as Secretary
of the Treasury, I have the honor to
transmit the claim of the Oinard Beet
Sugar Company for $11,782 50, 'for bounty
upon beet sugar manufactured and pro
duced prior to August 28, 1894,' payment
whereof is demanded from the appropria
tion of $238,289 08, made in the sundry
civil appropriation act of March 2, 1895.
Said claim, together with all the vouchers,
papers, documents and proofs pertaining
thereto, is herewith transmitted to the
Court of Claims, under section 10G3 of the
Revised Statutes, for trial and adjudica
tion, in order that a judgment may be en
tered under the provisions of section
1064."
Tbe claim involves controverted ques
tions of law and of constitutional con*
struction. The decision will furnish a
precedent for future action of the proper
accounting officers of the treasury in the
adjustment of a large class of cases.
COMPTROLLER BOWLER'S -ACT.
The Bill to Impeach Mint to Be Reported
Back to the House.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.— The
House Judiciary Committee to-day dis
cussed the resolution, of Boatner of
Louisiana looking to the impeachment of
Comptroller Bowler for his action in
stopping the payment of sugar bounties
authorized by Congress.
While not finally acted upon, it was
practically agreed to report the matter
back to the House with a request that the
committee be authorized to inquire into
the powers of the Comptroller and to re
port upon the status of the laws under
which he acts.
STOP CARRYING PASSENGERS.
That Order Given to the Commanders of
Revenue Cutters.
WASHINGTON, D. C. Jan. 17.-The
Treasury Department has given notice
that hereafter revenue cutters will not bo
permitted to carry passengers from St.
Michael and Unalnska to the United
States. It is said that many people in
recent years have gone to Alaska in the
spring, and when winter approaches have
presented themselves at at. Michael or
Unalaska without money, and have
usually appealed to tuo commanders of
the revenue cutters to carry them to the
United States, saying that otherwise they
would starve. The carrying of these peo
pl« back to the United States by revenue
cutters has been attended with consider
able expense to the Government, and here
after their conveyance by revenue cutters
will be prohibited.
Tor Arming Fortifications.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan. 17.-The
Speaker laid before the House to-day a
communication from the Secretary of War
recommending an appropriation of $150,000
for rapid fire guns. The guvs requested
are for arming fortifications.
TO UPHOLD THE
MONROE DOCTRINE
Davis' Resolution Before
the Foreign Relations
Committee.
SLIGHT CHANGES MADE.
But It Goes Farther Than the
President in the Venezuelan
Controversy.
WARNS ALL EUROPEAN POWERS,
Attempts to Acquire New Territory
on This Continent Regarded as
an Infringement.
WASHINGTON, D. C, Jan 17.-The
Senate Committee on Foreign Relations
discuased for two hours this morning the
Monroe doctrine and finally, by vote, or
dered a report on the resolution submitted
by Davis of Minnesota, chairman of the
sub-committee.
The vote to adopt the Davis resolution,
which was drawn along the lines of the
Lodge resolution, was agreed to after one
or two alterations in the verbiage had been
made. The committee also decided by
vote upon motion of Sherman that the
action of the committee and the text of
the resolution should not be given out un
til it was reported to the Senate Monday
next. Davis was requested to give notice
when he reported the resolution that he
would call it up at the earliest possible
moment.
This resolution goes even farther than
did the President in his message to Con
gress on the Venezuelan question. It will,
if passed, commit Congress to a policy
from which there can be no backdown,
and there appears to be no doubt as to the
ultimate result of the resolution.
Omitting the two whereases, which sim
ply form a prelude to the more serious ut
terances of the resolution itself, it is said
that the resolution will be found, when the
text is made public, to reaffirm and con
firm the Monroe doctrine and declare that
the United States will assert and main
tain it.
It states specificaliy that this Govern
ment will regard as an infringement of this
doctrine any attempt on the part of any
European power to acquire new or addi
tional territory on this continent, or the
islands adjacent thereto, as dangerous to
the safely and peace of tlie United States.
The United States also denies the right of
any European power to acquire any such
territory, eitner by force, purchase, cession,
occupation, pledge, colonization or protec
tion, whether under unfounded preten
sions of right, under the guise of boundary
disputes or otherwise, and declares unmis
takably that any such attempt wiil be re
garded as a manifestation of an unfriendly
disposition upon which this Government
cannot look with indifference.
ALASKA'S GOLD OUTPUT.
Four Million Dollar* in Ore Mined Dur
ing the fait Xear.
SEATTLE, Wash., Jan. 17.- W. M. Eb
ner, a mine owner of Juneau, who enjoys
the somewhat unique distinction of having
precipitated the Alaska boundary dispute,
came to Seattle on the City of Toneka. As
regards the mining outlook, he to-day
said:
"Without receiving practically anything
in return Alaska last year added about
$4,000,000 to the wealth of its people, and
gave just that much to the circulating me
dium in gold. At Cook's Inlet and in
terior Alaska," Mr. Ebner' continued, "it
is nearly all placer gold. Quartz deposits
are numerous, and I predict that South
western Alaska will soon be producing
more gold than any other mining district
in the world. There are excellent quartz
prospect* on the Prince of Wales and Ad
miralty islands, and these conditions are
reproduced to a greater or less extent on
the coast mainland. No quartz mines are
known to exist any great distance from
the coast."
Caused the Angles Camp Expiation.
ANGELS CAMP, Cal., Jan. 17.—Consta
ble Fouts yesterday received a message
from a Deputy Sheriff at Sonora saying
an Austrian there had confessed to others
to having been the one who recently at
tempted to blow up the house of Foreman
Miller of the Utica mine here. The Con
stable went for the man. but returned to
night without him, the bomb-thrower hav
ing JeJt for parts unknown.
Fetaluma Matt Jtetuteitated.
PETALUMA. Cal., Jan. 17.— The rela
tives and friends of A. B. Derby, who were
mourning his sudden death last night, are
to-day rejoicing over his resuscitation. It
appears that he went into a death-like
trance or faint, which started a report of
his demise, but Mr. Derby still lives to in
dignantly deny his own obituary and will
probably recover health fully.
-Vo Excursions to Petalvma.
PETALUMA, Cai,., Jan. 17.— Under the
plea of inability to manage more than one
picnic on a Sunday the management of
HEW TO-DAY.
Loss of Maniiool
riURED IN TWENTY DAYS DV DR. EDl-
** SON'S ELECTRIC BELT AND VITALIZER
]or money refunded. -^ -V;- : _-
It cures loss of sexual v^' lt -l y^r"^.
power, seminal lost at -^Fr^^" /^/?« '
stool or with urine; itjjf^l r<^ >fily
stops nightly dreams \f T*"
and loss of vitality, \ ( s&** v
cures varicocele, rheu- \ \ *'
matism, kidney and R y^*. *ST\
bladder trouble. Dr. « _^*** if^K f\
Edison's Electric Belt \^s^ t~ .yHI
and Vitalizer is Na- I [ ~f MMp\
ture's remedy. They I/// SEIM" }
give new life to weak- VTZ^ciSii^ S
ened organs. The cur- -4§
rent of Dr. Edison's %^ W^^irll
' Electric Belt is felt in- ipg§|^ \ V //(} \ Vjt
stantly.upon appiiea- gSglllF 2zvk / \sm
tlon - .
EDISON'S ELEC-^^^^«; \ A "W
TKIU BELT £*& y mm%
VITALI2ER cured
?« Of n X r OUB deb '»'y in thirty days. My case was
a very bad one, and the effect and cure * 9 simply
wonderful. W. M. HAWLE V, 711 Jones street.
-.From every part of the country come thankful
letters written by those who have been lifted into
vigorous health and strength by Dr. Kdieon's Elec- 1
trie Belt and Vitallzer. a bottle of Vitallzer sent
free. Send for circular. For sale by '
 . „ GEO. DAHLBEN'DEB & CO.,
Druggists, 214 Kearny street, San Francisco, CaU i
the Ban Francisco and North Pacific Rail
way declines to run any picnio excursions
tO retaluma, whereby so/ne 1 1 i fueling is
engendered. EMJampo. Glen Ellen and
Bcnuetzen Park are the only resorts to be
favored byjthe railroad company.
BMDWOOIt rut'i iitl al l n.
f'rmrl-y'i />""!/ '" Open the Magni
ficent Alhillltlirn.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 17.—
Charles Josseiyn's new theater, the Al
bambra, will be dedicated on Monday
night. The . Fiawley- Company of distin
guished players will be welcomed by a full
Louse, as nearly every seat . has already
been sold for the performance. S. H.
Friedlander of the Columbia Theater, San
Francisco, has been in town during the
week to complete all final arrangements
for the opening night. It is understood
that the Alhambra will hereafter be in
cluded in the circuit laid out by the Co
lumbia management for their traveling
companies.
The Alhambra, which was completed at
a cost of $10,000, is a very creditable brick
structure of unique appearance, with com
modious stores and plate-glass front for
the first story, ail fitted for a blaze of elec
tric light. The second story is of quaint
Moorish conceit. The windows are similar
to those of the Liberal Arts building at the
recent Midwinter Fair, being of fanciful
foliated shape and resting within deep and
ornate moldings of staff. The whole front
of the building is topped with a hand
some cornice of heavy rosewood brackets,
surmounted with trimmings of rich red
tile that peep out from the roof overhead.
Six hundred comfortable folding chairs
form the seating capacity of the main floor
of the theater proper, and there is a small
gallery in the rear. The ceiling is of
hardwood finish, handsomely paneled and
picked out with electric lights.
The stage settings are in excellent taste
1 and of good workmanship. The proscen
ium arch is a creditable piece of mill work,
daintily handled in the decorative finish.
The picture is completed by the pleasing
effect of the drop-curtain, which repre
sents a Venetian water carnival. The
colors are warm and rich and the per
spective is handled so as to give depth
and scope to the subject treated.
CARSON'S OPIUM RING
A Woman Found to Have Been
at the Head of the
Clique.
Customers Tricked Into Purchasing a
Bogus Mixture That Was
Worthless.
CARSON, Nev., Jan. 17.— When the first
public notice was made of the discovery of
the opium at the racetrack about a week
ago Hazel Clark, a woman of unsavory
reputation, suddenly disappeared from the
city. Her departure did not occasion any
comment cntil it was discovered to-day
that she was the leader of the opium gang
operating here.
The gang's plan was to sell bogus and
genuine opium. Those who were tricked
into buying the bogus mixture did not
dare to make any outcry, and so the earae
went on. They also smuggled in genuine
opium and sold it.
For the past year the elegantly dressed
and jeweled Hazel Clark was a subject of
comment, because of her lavish expendi
tures. The officials are rounding up the
gang, and its manipulations are shown t.o
be extensive, as the matter is probed.
Hazel Clark fled the day the opium was
unearthed and is now a week ahead of the
officers. There is not the slightest clew to
her whereabouts. Another woman, M>abel
Jourden, from Quincy, Cal., has also de
camped. Will Jourden is also implicated.
Lord Balfour of Burleisrh has awarded
the Eyre trustees £801,570 as the value of
the property in St. John's Wood required
for the purpose of the new railway to
London. The claim was for £453,000.
NEW TO-DAY.
WOT TELL."
"We 1 ! up to snuff, we is. Goin' to
Roos Brudders fur our clothes, where
dey giy's away two-dollar Portfolios wid
ev'ry ten-dollar sale. See? "
Boys' Long Pants Suits, All-Wool
Cassimere and Cheviots (ages 12 to 19),
$7 50.
Odd Long Pants, medium shades, (sizes
12 to 19), $1 60.
And for the little fellows, Knee Pants
(ages 4 to 15), 25 cents.
Our Mail Order Department is the most
complete in the city. Samples, Catalogues,
and particulars— FßEE.
$85™ 4 rooms
Vrf^ CONSISTING OP
PARLOR I BEDROOM._DINIMQ-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard ....50 Cents
OilCloth, per yard *5 Cents
Matting, per yard '.. 1© Cents
8o!id Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces »25 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 823 OO
T. BRILLIANT.
41 0 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four Room Catalogues Mailed Frre.
<Q» Free Packing and Delivery across the B»r.
a ßr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
O2&KEABSTST. Eit*hl!,»,~i
In KM for the treatment? at 2
r (senses. Lost Manhood. Debility «?
RIGGS HOUSE,
XTtTaalxisistoaa, id. o .
American plan, * 3 n cr day Tol
upward. 7- v * * aaALL CALIFORNIA
IS UNDER WATER.
Railroad Traffic Blocked
by Inundations and
Washouts.
TRACKS CARRIED AWAY.
Crystal Lake Overflows and
Sends a Torrent Down
the Mountain.
STREAMS SWOLLEN BY RAINS.
Many Sections Threatened With a
Repetition of Last Winter's
Floods.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jan. 17.— Over
500 yards of railroad track a short distance
out of Marysville, in the direction of Oro
ville. is entirely inundated at points, the
water being rive feet deep. This is caused
by the Feather River overflowing its banks,
which in this locality are almost entirely
unprotected by levees except in a few
ted !-r>ots. The main Oregon line is
also submerged and has been temporarily
abandoned, all northbound trains going
by way of Willows.
What amount of damage has occu-red at
the present time cannot be ascertained.
The trestle over Cache Creek, in Yo'o
County, is in great danger, as the creek
has become a racing torrent and immense
quantities of drift are constantly lodging
against its supports.
working force is employed at
this point, using its utmost endeavors to
save the structure.
Putah Creek, near Davisville, is also giv
•Misiderable trouble and a gang of
men is at work with sacks of earth
aliening the bank. The Cosumnes
River on the S'.ockton division is rising
rapidly ami may cause trouble.
\ln Iroad traJlic is almost at a standstill.
The Southern Pacific system is blocked by
the washout at Cisco, the Marysville and
c roads are deserted and the Wil
lows line is in dancer.
SAXTA CRUZ'S DELUGE.
The Old i arttiral Itam in the San Zo-
rrvzn Is Giving Way.
.-ANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 17.-The
lay on land was the heaviest of
the we^k, bin the sea is as smooth as could
be expected in cloudy weather. After last
midnight the wind renewed its apparent
effort to produce a small hurricane and
succeeded in troublesome interruptions of
c lieht*. A portion of the time the
was buried in darkness, with heavy,
beating rain to add to the severity of the
storm.
Ther<' was a slight cessation of the rain
fall this morning, but in the early evening
the rain fell with tremendous force, driv
ing everybody oft the streets for two hours.
The rainfall for twnty-four hours, ending
at 7 o'clock this morning, was .50, ana it is
increasing so that the present twenty-four
hours will nearly double that. The total
since Monday morning was at 7 this morn
ing 2.09 incnes. To-night the falling
barometer indicates that the end is not
near
San Lorenzo River is rising slowly, with
i»cct that th« dam built for the car
nival last summer will be washed out to
m which case the out-going broad
gauge train will be delayed in the morn
ing. The county road above the cut at old
tunnel No. 7 is cracking badly and is in
imminent danger of breaking, in which
ca^e the narrow-gauge morning train can
not go out, as such a disaster would block
that road completely.
The after-midnight storm last night was
so severe on the sea that the St. Patil could
not make it* landing and was obliged to
pass by Santa Cruz, carrying freight and
ngera beyona. The rain extends
e?st to Aptos, eight miles, and northwest
up the coast to Davenports, fourteen
miles. Watsonville, Boulder Creek and
the entire Pajaro Valley are sharing the
welcome deluge. The temvierature here is
mild and equable, there being a difference
of only 2 degrees between last midnight
and last midday.
CRYSTAL LAKE OVERFLOWS.
Snotctheds and a Section of Railroad
Trade Ifaiihed Away.
COLFAX, Cai... Jan. 17.— Crystal Lake
overflowed at 8:30 o'clock this morning,
washing away 100 feet of snowsheds and
seventy feet of railroad track, three miles
■west of Cisco.
This Jake, which is situated on the sum
mit of the mountain some 400 feet above
the road and covering about ten acres, has
hut little overflow, and the Southern
Pacific Company had put a small dam
across the outlet to retain the water for
use in its engines. The heaviest and
warmest rain that has fallen in the moun
tains for years melted the snow and
swelled the lake until the dam was forced
uot.
The water rushed down the mountain
.to a stone culvert underneath a 38- foot
fill. The culvert was so small that the
water soon backed up and overflowed the
track, washing away the grade, together
with the culvert, and leaving an immense
gap in the roadbed.
A 9peciai train loaded with men was
sr-m to the scene, and it is now believed
that the track will be open within a few
hours.
HOWyPOVR AT FLACERVXLLE.
Hrary fall of Rain Accompanied by a
tinle of ITind.
PLACERVILLB, Cal., Jan. 17.— From
here into the mountains, half-way to Lake
Tahoc, so far a-* the El Dorado Ditch Com
pany's private telephone serves, a rain
ftorm, unaccompanied by snow, raged
furiously last night. The wind blew a
pale, traveling twenty-five miles an hour.
The rainfali here yesterday was .86 of an
mcli and last night it was 2.20 inches.
To-night the floodgates of the heavens are
again open and water is falling in torrents.
Miners and ranchers are jubilant.
The several ditch companies have taken
precautions to reservoir the waters
in anticipation of the additional product
to be used by the increasing mining in
dustries the coming season.
Tm*m Hirer Rising.
IfAjtTSVILLE, Cal., Jan. 17.— Yuba
River readied the 17-foot mark this even
inr, the result of the severe rainstorm in
the mountains during the past fifty hours.
Th^re are indications of a further rise.
Late to-night the river reached the 18-foot
mark. High-water mark is 19^ feet. There
is no immediate cause for alarm. The
rainfall for the season is 8.76 inches.
XA.FA. RIVER RAMPAGING.
Renidenta Fear a Repetition of I.ant
/January's Flood.
. NAPA, Cal., Jan. 17.— Napa River is on
a rampage to-day. The heavy rains yes
terday and to-day all over the valley rilled
the river to overflowing, aiid early this
morning the water poured over its banks
and came surging over Firat and Third
street?, covering Spanishtown and China
town. Boats were necessary for travel in
these sections.
The river is out of its banks below town,
and the water covers several miles of
land. It is feared that Napa will experi
ence a repetition of last January's flood,
when a foot and a half of water flowed
through all the business streets. Manu
facturers and merchants are preparing for
still higher water by morning, as a heavy
rain is still falling, with no prospect of a
let-up. If the rain continues all night,
the river will rise enough to prevent trains
from moving up this valley.
SAX RAFAEL, FLOODED.
The Mackay- Flood Zevee Gives Way to
the Heavy Strain.
SAN RAFAEL, Cal., Jan. 17.— The
heaviest rainfall recorded in the county
for years fell here last night between 9
and 10:30 o'clock, nearly six inches falling
within two hours. The wind blew a hur
ricane, tumbling down fences and trees.
The east end of town is flooded by the
breaking of the Mackay-Flood levee.
Landslides are reported from all over the
county, blockading the county roads. Tel
ephone and telegraphic communication is
impaired, .banners are rejoicing, as pas
ture lands were getting very bare. The
storm is still raging, with no signs of
abatement.
OROTILLE ADFEXITTRISS.
Ttco Men Xarroxcly Escape Death in
Swollen Streams.
OROVILLE, Cal., Jan. 17.— Clarence
Vail, the driver of a meat wagon, narrowly
escaped drowning this morning in a gully
filled by ths overflow of the Feather River.
He drove into the water and had a desper
ate struggle before regaining the bank.
Roscoe Mitchell of Honcut built a raft
on the creek and later drifted into the
strong current, when the raft capsized.
After some time he succeeded in catching
hold of a willow bush, where he remained
several hours. Finally he was seen by
some men, who procured a rope, lassoed
him and pulled him to the shore.
Xevada l>renrhed.
RENO, Nev., Jan. 17.— The first real rain
storm of the season set in at 9 o'clock last
night and continued until late this morn
ing. Ihe downpour was very heavy, and
the weather is still threatening. Farmers
and stockmen are jubilant, as things be
gan to look very serious with them.
Fresno's Thorough Wetting.
FRESNO, Cal., Jan. 17.— Forty-eight
hours of steady rain has given the county
a much-needed soaking, and the snowfall
in the high Sierras will be a great boon to
irrigationists. Kings River had sunk lower
than in many years, and big ditches ran
nearly dry. The prospects are for a con
tinuance of rain.
Raining at Monterey.
MONTEREY, Cal.. Jan. 17.— Monterey
and vicinity are to-night being visited by
the fiercest storm of the season. After
resting yesterday and to-day it broke with
redoubled fury just before 6 o'clock, and
for two hours the rain has been descend
ing in torrents and the prospects are that
it will be a stormy night. It is uncom
fortable for pedestrians, but is just what is
needed to insure good crops, so there is
general rejoicing.
Hollister Rrjoicet.
HOLLISTER, Cal., Jan. 17.— A strong
south wind blew this afternoon and to
night, and at 6 o'clock rain began falling.
Indications are for an all-night storm.
During the past twelve hours .45 of an inch
of water fell. Prospects were never better
for good crops and farmers are jubilant.
San Mateo County's Gain.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Jan. 17.— There
was a splendid fall of rain last night and
to-day, which "appears to be general
throughout the county. So far the season
is considered to be a very favorable one.
The fair weather during December per
mitted plowing and the putting in of
crops, and the ground is now warm and
light, with plenty of rain foi present needs.
San Jose Oeta lit Share.
SAN JOSE, Cal.. Jan. 17.— The rainfall
for the twenty-four hours up to noon to
day amounted to a little over half an inch,
making a total of 4.22 inches for the sea
son. The rainfall to the same date last
year was 15.80 inches. Rain has been fall
ing all the afternoon.
BOULDER CREEK'S WILD MAN.
Crazed and Unclad, Constantino Morton
Performs a War Dance Around His
Burning Home.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jan. 17.— The pas
senpers on the narrow-gauge train were
startled upon running into Boulder Creek
at noon to-day to see a nude man dancing
about a burning hou«e and yellinc like an
Indian. The conductor notified an officer
when the train arrived at the Boulder
Creek depot.
When Under Sheriff Helm arrived at the
old man's place he found that the house
had been burned to the ground and Con
stantine Morton, the owner of a nine
acre patch of ground, raving over his loss
and declaring he had been persecuted by
someone. Before the officer reached him
several men had caught the crazy man
and had partially covered him" with
blankets to protect him from the weather.
Ho was brought to Santa Cruz and
placed in a comfortable room at the
county jail, where his hums were dressed
by Dr. Bailey and Dr. Morgan.
Morton said his haystack was fired by"
sportsmen, and that the house, standing
close to it, could not be saved. When
asked why he had no clothes en he replied
that they were burned off ; but his neigh
bors say he has a habit of wearing no
clothes while in the house.
The man is evidently demented, whether
permanently or temporarily. His neigh
bors say he will hold no conversation with
them, and especially avoids strangers,
fearing they will rob his house when he :s
away. Some $40 in paper money was
burned, and his gold he threw away, but it
was recovered.
CAMAXCBE MVRItERER'S FATE.
Judge Hunt Pronounces the Death Pen.
alty Vpon Joseph Hubert.
SAN ANDREAS, Cal., Jan. 17.—
Joseph Hubert, who murdered his wife
near Camanche last April and was found
guilty of murder in the first degree at his
trial in November, was before Judge Rust
this afternoon for sentence. His attorney
moved for a «iew trial upon the grounds of
various errors by the court during the
trial and in his instructions to the jury,
but the court denied the motion. Judge
Rust then pronounced the death sentence
upon Hubert.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
WOUNDED BY THE
CALPELLA BANDIT
"Doc" Standley Shot While
Pursuing a Stage-
Robber.
RECEIVES TWO BULLETS.
One Breaks His Ann and Pre
vents Him From Returning
the Fire.
MAN-HTTNTING IN MENDOCINO.
Posses of Deputies Are Believed to
Have the Outlaw in a
Trap.
UKIAH, Cal., Jan. 17.— A repetition of
the Evans-Sontas drama in Fresno County
is taking place in Mendoeino County. J.
M. Standley. more familiarly known as
'"Doc" Standley, the noted thief-taker of
this State, was to-day shot and severely
wounded by a man he was trailing through
the brush and whom he supposed to be the
robber of the overland stage a few days
ago.
Word reached here yesterday that a
couple of suspicious characters who had
lately arrived in that part of the county
were camping on the summit of the Hot
Springs grade, about eight miles from
town, on the road leading from this place
to Mendocino City. There were several
cabins in that neighborhood, all occupied
by wood-choppers arid men who work
about the woods. These cabins can be
reached by a short, but mountainous trail,
leading to them from the scene of the re
cent robberies. The trail runs through a
country cut up by gulches and intersected
by numberless ravines, down which more
or less water flows all the year round.
J. L. Johnson, deputy sheriff, came to
town a day or so ago and appeared before
Justice of the Peace G. W. Critchtield, who
at Deputy Johnson's request issued a
search-warrant permitting the searching
of a couple of these woodchoppers' cabins.
After a thorough search nothing was found
to incriminate the persons occupying two
of the cabins, but the occupant of tne third
had suddenly left for other fields. Jolin-
son, who is an expert trailer, immediately
followed the track of this man, and at
dark had located him somewhere in the
neighborhood of what is known as Rattle
snake Canyon. The fellow was heading
south and east.
Darkness compelled Johnson to abandon
the chase, and this morning Doc Standley
received information that caused him to
believe that the robber or robbers were
close to town and heading southward.
These were no doubt the same persons
Johnson had traced the previous day.
Standiey left this morning, having re
mained at Calnella last night. Deputies
Johnson and Alex Burke left this after
noon, and Sheriff J. R. Johnson was soon
in the field, and a thorough search of
what is knoT-n as the Bethel campground
was decided upon.
Standley, accompanied by John Starkey,
a resident of Calpella, set out in search of
the robber, followed by Arnold Ford, a
rancher of that part of the country. A
thorough search was made of all the brush
in that neighborhood, and the officers were
about to abandon the hunt for the day
when, as Standley came around a point in
the trail, he was suddenly confronted by a
rough-looking man, who, without warning,
fired at him. As the shot was fired. Star
key, who was close behind, started for the
tall timber as fast as his horse could carry
him. The attention of Ford was called to
Standley by the shooting, and running to
his aid he found him lying by the side of
his horse with a bullet wound in the left
arm. Three shots were fired by the bandit.
The first shot broke Standley's left arm,
and when he attempted to raise it to shoot,
it fell helpless at his side. Standley was
•rmed with a Winchester, while the robber
had a revolver.
Word of the shooting was at once
brought to town by Isaac Burke and doc
tors were dispatched to visit the scene, but
before they could start Standley was
brought into town and he is to-night rest
ing easily at the home of his mother.
Standley regrets his injury, as he is im
patient to join in the chase of the robber.
Besides his broken arm he is suffering from
a flesh wound in the right leg, above the
Knee. The ballet that broke his arm
struck midway between the shoulder and
elbow. Standley gives a good description
of the man who shot him. Arnold Ford,
who was close behind Standley at the
time, describes the bandit as a medium
sized, heavily built man, weighing about
155 pounds, round faced, with prominent
nose and his face adorned with about two
weeks' growth of beard. He was dressed
in a dark suit of clothes and wore a sack
coat.
As soon as the news reached town a
large posse of deputy sheriffs, armed
with Winchesters, left here. Twice the
robber was sighted, and the posse trailed
him through the brush, across the road
leading from this place to Calpella and
back across the road again over a knoll
close to where he shot Standley. The
trail followed by several parties this
evening, it leading from the scene of
the shooting through several fields and
hopyards in an easterly direction until
Russian River was reached, and the tracks
led down the bank of the river as far as
Bailey's bridge. At this place the steps
were retraced toward tho north for a short
distance and then across the river, it is
supposed, as the tracks were there lost.
It is thought, however, that the robber is
still near Camp Bethel, as that place is
very closely guarded by officers. Bailey's
bridge is closely guarded, as is Clark
bridge, further south.
The bandit cannot cross the river at any
place except on the bridge, as the river is
high and extends along the entire western
end of the valley and closes the gap at the
south. Escape is impossible on the east
except by the means mentioned. It is
thought the bandit will remain in hiding
where he now is until a favorable oppor
tunity presents itself to escape to the coast,
which is the only way open. If he comes
south he will be apprehended, and toward
the north escape is as impossible as it is
toward the east.
The officers discovered a cabin where the
suspect bad been living for the past day
or two. A large coon, recently dressed,
was hanging in the cabin, and it is sup
posed that the robber, driven to hunger,
was about to feast upon this.
Sheriff Johnson's bloodhounds refuse to
follow the trail, and tracking is very difh
cult. Men with lanterns are out this
evening, and every avenue of escape is
closely guarded.
While returning to this city this even
ing, Sheriff Johnson had a very narrow
escape from injury or death. Deputy
Johnson, who was in a buggy, carried a
Winchester across his lap and was leading
a pair of saddle-horses. Suddenly the rifle
was discharged; Johnson's horses be«an
to rear and kick and completely demol
ished the buggy in which the men were
riding. The Sheriff, however, kept con
trol of his team, and to this is ascribed his
escape.
LOS A.SGEL.ES ROMANCE.
Adam Xordhoff Let Hi* Wife Elope When
He. Got Back His Property.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Jan. 17.— A man
named Olsen decamped from Antelope
County. Nebraska, with the wife of Adam
Nordhoff, a farmer. This was about three
months ago. Olsen and the runaway wife
came to this city, and here they were dis
covered by the husband.
Olsen had been employed on Nordhoff's
farm. He was very clever and won his
employer's confidence. He also won his
wife. Before she eloped she persuaded
her husband to deed all of his property to
her. When Nordhoff located the pair in
this city to-day he compelled the wife to
deed back the property, and was then con
tent to let her go her way. He imme
diately returned to the East.
Fresno Flats Murderer Sentenced.
MADERA, Cal.. Jan. 17.— Abe Specker
man, a half-breed, who was convicted of
murder in the rirst degree for the shootine
of A. Cavisnaro at Fresno Flats, appeared
for sentence in the Superior Court to-day.
His attorneys had previously made a
motion for a new trial, but this was over
ruled, and Speckerman was sentenced to
life imprisonment. Sheriff Westfall left
this evening for San Quentin with the
prisoner in charge.
ENTER SAN JOSE POLITICS
Native Sons Will Take a Hand
in Selecting Officers for
the City.
An Organization That Will Swing a
Heavy Vote at the Coming
Elections.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— About fifty
prominent members of the Native Sons
held a meeting last evening and effected a
temporary organization to be known as
the Native Sons' Political Club. V. A.
Scheller was chosen temporary chairman
and John A. Anthes secretary. A com
mittee consisting of Thomas Monahan,
Alex Underwood, S. N. Rucker, T. C.
Hogan, Homer Prindleani V. A. Scheller
was appointed to submit a constitution
and by-laws at a meeting to be held next
Thursday evening.
The organization is destined to play an
important part in the approaching spring
elections, as it is expected that all mem
bers of the Native Sons' parlors, nearly 300
in number, will join the club. There are
some I'M) Native Sons in the county, and
it is likely an organization will be formed
to take in the entire county.
CARXIVA.L PROGRAMME.
Feature* of the Ro»e Fair to Be Held in
the Uarden City.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— The enter
tainment committee of the Carnival of
Roses has decided upon the following pro
gramme for carnival week:
Wednefday afternoon— lnauguration exer
cises, parade, speech by president of the day
mid other*, crowning; of queen if such be de
ci';o<i upon. etc.
Wednesday night— Concert by Roncovieri's
Band of forty pieces and stereopticon illustra
tions of music.
Thursday afternoon— Polo contest between
the crack Burlingame a:id Riverside teams, to
be followed Rt night by a grand ball.
Friday afternoon— Athletic sports by the
Stnnford University boys and what competitors
they shall select, to bo followed at night by a
programme in the pavilion, under the aus
pices of the Stanford students.
Saturday afternoon — Parade of the school
children, in which all the pupils of the county
are expected to participate.
The programme for Saturday night has
not yet been decided upon.
PARTNERS IX A SUIT.
One Seeks to Recover Property Held in
Trust by the Other.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17. — Monroe
Greenwood of San Francisco to-day began
suit in the Superior Court against William
M. de Wolfe for $8302 75, alleged to be due
plaintiff as a member of the firm of Green
wood & De Wolfe, real estate dealers of
San Francisco.
Greenwood alleges that while De Wolfe
waa a member of the firm a lot on the cor
ner of Walnut and McKendre streets, near
this city, was transferred to him to hold in
trust for the firm, and that the plaintiff
after the dissolution of partnership took
an accountine and discharged joint liabili
ties of the firm amounting to $8302 75. He
asks that the lot in question be sold and
the proceeds be turned into the hrm to
liquidate its indebtedness.
CASHEO A BOGVS DRAFT.
Arrett of a 31 an IT/io Poted as a t'otn-
tnercial Traveler.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— A. F. Ouimet,
proprietor of the Russ House, yesterday
afternoon swore to a complaint in Justice
Gass' court charging George P. Kohn, who
represented himself as a commercial drum
mer for N. A. Columbat <t Co. of San
Francisco, with obtaining $35 under false
pretenses. Mr. Ouimet identified Kohn at
the Garden City Bank and Trust Com
pany, where he obtained $35 on a draft
drawn on Columbat & Co. The draft was
returned a few days later with the infor
mation that the drawer was unknown and
the draft void.
SOCIETY OF PORTUQTTESE.
An Order That Will Celebrate Espirito
Snnto Annually.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— Articles of
incorporation of the Sociedade do Espirito
Santo of Santa Clara were filed in the
County Clerks office to-day. The society
is to exist for hfty years and the object is
to celebrate Portugal's national holiday
known ns Espirito Santo, and also for
mutual benevolence and help in case of
sickness and death. The directors are:
Manuel Vargas, Jose C. Suares, Manuel
Faria, Mariano Denis and Jose F.
Mariante.
His Life a Failure.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— John Mitchell,
a one-legged tramp, after being sentenced
to serve a term in the Count} 7 Jail, by Jus
tice Gass this morning, thanked the Judge
and then asked Constable Haley to loan
him a pistol. After being refused the
weapon, Mitchell explained that he wanted
to kill himself, as life had been a failure.
Not long ago Mitchell was arrested while
seated on a railroad track waiting for a
train to come along and kill him.
Attached, for a Jtebt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., Jan. 17.— The First
National Bank of this city has attached
the J. Z. Anderson Fruit Company 's prem
ises on two claims amounting to $9000.
The property attached is the cannery and
land near the broad-gauge depot.
DREAD TRAGEDY
AT SAWYERS BAR
John C. Windler's Horrible
Method of Ending
His Life.
BLEW OUT HIS HEART.
Killed by the Explosion of a
Cartridge Loaded With
Giant Powder.
CALMLY AWAITED HIS DEATH.
Held a Burning Fuse in His Hand Until
Its Spark Hurled Him Into
Eternity.
SAWYERS BAR, Cal., Jan. 17.— 1t has
been said that all suicides are cowards, but
the method by which John C. Windier, an
old and esteemed resident of this piace,
took his life demonstrates that there are
exceptions to this rule. Few men could
sit upon a ketr of powder while a tiny
flame that was to hurl them into eternity
crept slowly up to the explosive. Windier
did not adopt this method exactly; his
was a more horrible one. and it required
a giant nerve to meet death in the man
ner he chose.
Windier procured a cartridge loaded with
giant powder, and then locked himself in
his room. Once there he placed the bomb
within his undershirt, and directly over
his heart. He ignited the fuse, and then
sat down and calmly awaited the death
that was to follow, holding the fuse in one
hand.
What the man's thoughts were as he sat
there, tiie instrument of destruction press
ing against his heart, the spark that was
to rend him asunder slowly creeping up
ward, can but be conjectured. For fully
live minutes he must have tarried on the
brink of the unfathomable abyss, while
thoughts of the past whirled through his
brain as the pages of a history are un
folded, and — more distracting still — the
dread mysteries of the future, which he
was soon to solve. Yet the old man did
not waver, nor attempt to undo his work
while there was yet time. Finally the ex
plosion came, and the heart of one of
God's noblemen was torn to shreds.
The impact trom the blast did little dam
age other than to the one who welcomed it.
Nothing in the room was disturbed, but
when those who heard the report rushed
into the death chamber the sight that they
beheld thrilled all with horror. Sitting
bolt upright in the chair in which he had
awaited the end was the aged suicide.
His features were not drawn or distorted,
but rather gave the impression of peaceful
slumber. His face had not been disfig
ured, but through his breast there was a
uaping wound as though made by a can
non ball. His heart had been torn into
a thousand pieces, and the hand that reso
lutely held the fuse was blown off.
Near the old man's body were two let
ters. One was addressed to a friend, S. H.
Binisall, the other to H. S. Eldrecge. In
that to Mr. Birdsall he aligned no reason
for taking his life, simply namins Birdsall
and Eldredge as executors of his will and
giving directions as to his burial. He had
sent for $200 to defray the funeral ex
penses.
Mr. Windier was possessed of some
means, owning a mining claim and having
money deposited in a bank in San Fran
cisco. He had been in poor health for
over a year past and sickness is supposed
to have been the motive for his act. He
was 72 years of age, and was a member of
Marion Lodge. I. O. O. F. His shocking
death is deplored by a large circle of friends
and acquaintances.
SAN DIEGO TO SALT LAKE
The Deal for the Connecting
Railroad Has Been
Completed.
Southern Californians Believe the
Southern Pacific Is Backing/
the Project.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., Jan. 17.— Interest in
Mayor Carlson's mysterious moves in a
railroad project was suddenly revived to
day when it was learned tnat a deed had
been filed at San Bernardino conveying to
William H. Carlson, as trustee, the entire
Nevada Southern Railway Company's sys
tem, including road, rolling-stock, fran
chises, rights of way, surveys, maps and
all nther property. The consideration
given is $5. The road is 1 forty miles in
length, running from Blake station, just
west of the Needles on the Atlantic and
Pacilic, northward to Manvel on a direct
line toward Salt Lake.
The deed was signed by Isaac E. Blake,
president of the Nevada Southern Com
pany, at New York on the 9th inst., and
was received by Mayor Carlson Thursday.
He immediately forwarded it to San Ber
nardino County, to be placed on record.
Mr. Carlson was seen as soon as the news
was learned, but he was very uncommuni
cative. Since his visit to New Orleans,
where he went with C. P. Huntington in
the letter's private car, the Mayor has
taken a new tack and refuses to talk when
queried by reporters.
"Is it true that you have secured a deed
to the Nevada Southern?" was asked of
Mayor Carlson.,
"Yes."
"What does it mean?"
"Well, I cannot say at this time."
"Whom do you represent as trustee?"
*'That I cannot make public. The fact
is that I cannot talk at this juncture and
you must excuse me."
President Blake of the Nevada Southern
was formerly president of the Continental
Oil Company, and is intimate with the
magnates of the Standard Oil Company.
The gap between Manvel, the terminus
of the Nevada Southern, and Milford.
Utah, the terminus of the Union Pacific's
Utah system, is 250 miles in length, and
100 miles of this has already been graded
southwest of Milford, leaving only 100
miles of grading to close the gap and con
nect Salt Lake and San Diego by rail.
The surveys for continuing the road
southward through San Bernardino
County to San Diego have been partially
made.
The Union Pacific, being in the hands of
a receiver, cannot do anything toward
closing the gap between Milford and
Southern California, but the Rio Grande
Western is wide awake and reaching out
for a terminal on the Pacilic coast in
Southern California. Its president, Gen
eral D. C. Dodge, made a visit to the coast
about three months ago, accompanied by
General Passenger Agent Babcock of that
system, and General Dodge, upon his re
turn, made the news public at Salt Lake
City that his road would begin building in
the spring toward [Southern California. It
appears that he anticipated his word:-, as a
month ago a contract was let to build tlie
first twenty-h've-mile section southward
from Salina to Marysvale, Utah, and Nel
son & Peterson, the contractors, are now
at work with a big force.
The line now in view between Southern
California and Salt Lake will save 500
miles over the present rail routes. One re
sult of its building will no doubt be to force
the Santa Fe to complete its Temecula
Canyon branch in this county, thus mak
ing a continuous line from San Diego to
Salt Lake over the old Mormon trail. The
road from Salt Lake to Milford was built
by Brigham Young, whose intention was
to continue it to San Bernardino and San
Diego.
He sent colonies of Mormons on ahead,
who settled in Southern California, await
ing the railroad.
There is every reason to believe that the
Southern Pacific Railroad is behind Mayor
Carlson in this move. It is extremely
probable, too, that the fate of the funding
bill is connected with the Southern Pa
cific's mysterious move toward acquiring
a new line between Southern Caiifornia
and Salt Lake. Beyond all ulterior motive,
however, the question of freights is, no
doubt causing the recent activity in rail
road building in this portion of California.
This year Southern California will ship
10,000 carloads of oranges alone, which, at
the reasonable estimate of $300 per car.
will yield the railroad $300,000 for freights
on this one commodity. No wonder there
is activity in railroad building!
DEL MONTE'S CANINE GUEST.
How a Dog With a Bank Account and a
Maid- in- Waiting Is Cared
MONTEREY, Cal., Jan. .17.— An in
teresting party hes arrived at the Hotel
del Monte, including Millionaire Reynolds
and his two sisters, who reside in Paris,
and are traveling through the United
States in their special car, the Coronet.
With them came a retinue of servants
They arrived from Santa Barbara, wher
they had expected to winter, but left be
cause they could not Fecure the hotel ac
commodations that they desired for
skye terrier. Upon their arrival her
they experienced the same trouble, as it i
a strict ruling of the hotel not to allow
four-legged animals in the house.
However, as this dog has more to hi
bank account than any other canine o
the footstool, with an income, a maid t
attend to hi. 1 * welfare and administer hi
daily bath, daily buggy ride and all th
comforts that his dogship can yearn for
he was not left out in the cold. The doj
travels in the best of style, receiving tt>
same attention that his master gets. H
was remembered in the will of his de
parted master, the pere of his present one
who left $50,000 to bt used for his comfort
It can be seen readily that a dog of hi
caliber must not be looked upon as other
dogs are, and to make things satisfactory
his owner secured the south annex for the
party, and his dogship can safely s:ty that
he is the only bow-wow which has ever
been a guest of Hotel del Monte.
NEW TO-DAY.
Are You Sick?
When You Can't Get Help From Medicine
You Can Always Get It Here,
■* * f f A
This is the remedy to irA^- It is not cheap, but it
which you may look for •§|l;;% :^f . does the work, and when '
aid when all else has -5? $•%?§§: you want to be cured you
failed. It is the only vl^-Bl^: don't want to buy the
natural remedy, because z&%£%om^Z cheapest remedy, you
it gives you strength. want the best. This is it.
All California Gives Praise to Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt, the Modern Health Giver.
*
"I bought one of your Dr. Sanden Electric Belts I "I bought your Belt in October for lost manhood.
In Minneapolis five years ago for lumbago and I I and it has cured me after 1 had spent hundreds of
have used it off and on lor other troubles. It has I dollars in medicines."— G. H. KEYES, 49 North,
done wonders for me, and I can recommend it i Thirteenth street, San Jose, Cal.
highly." writes M. F. ROGERS, Veterans' Home, .. our Belt has cured me of pains in my back and
\ountville, ISapa County, California. frequent urinating."— B. CAREY, KasuSaa
"I was greatly trouble:! with Indigestion, so bad Jose. Cal.
that it prevented my sleep nt nisht. I have used '• I suffered from seminal weakness for years,
your Belt just thirty days and I can eat food which spent hundreds of dollars doctoring, and got no
I did not think I would evf-r be able, to touch again, benefit till I not your Belt, and it has cured me."
My sleep Is sound and 1 am refreshed in the morn- i F. B. Galloway, !)• nsmoie, Cal.
In*," says C. F. ANDERSON, with Ballard & Hall, ..previous 10 using your Belt mv bacfc was so bad
Fifth and Brannan streets, San Francisco. that I could no: stand erect. Now it Is stron-and
, "Your Belt has cured me of a most aggravated I have no trouble with it. My stomach is also
: case of sciatic rheumatism.' irom which I nave bean j cured."— X. B. CUTTING, Petaliima, Cal.
laid up every fall for years. 1 have been perfectly | "I was partially impotent for two years and Ken-
, cured bwour Belt."— H. KRUGER, 3281 Central i erally broken down. Your Belt has cured me."—
avenue, Alameda, Cal. I W. H. JUKES, 1782 Atlantic street, Oakland.
Every sick person, no matter how light his complaint, wants
| to feel sure of getting relief when he trusts his health to any form
of treatment. It can truly be said for Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt
I that no remedy ever offered such absolute proof of its curative
powers as this wonderful Belt does. The proof comes fresh from
! different places every day, and from people you can see and talk to.
And it is not strange that Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt should
cure after all other remedies fail, for it is the most humane, natural
remedy. It gives the constant, life-inspiring electricity into your
system while you sleep at night. This restores health. " It is con-
venient to use, as you put it on when you go to bed, and wear it all
night. If you wish the current stronger or milder at any time, it has
a regulator which controls its power, and you feel it all the time.
If you don't call and see it, send for the small book, "Three Classes of Men," with
full information, free; sealed by mail. V;
SANDEN EIiUCTRIO GO. 9
632 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B to 6 ; Evenings, 7to 8:30 ; Sundays, 10 to 1.
Portland, Oregon, Office, 255 Washington Street.
REDWOOD CITY'S
REMOVAL SUIT.
Notice of a Motion to
Reopen the Potter
Case.
NEW EVIDENCE FOUND.
Henry Lux Makes an Affidavit
as to the John Brown
Draft.
SAYS THE EXECUTOR FALSIFIED.
Tbe Check Had in Reality Been
Given to a San Francisco
Woman.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., Jan. 17.— J. H.
Campbell and D. M. Deliuas filed notice
late this afternoon of a motion to be made
on Thursday, January 23, to reopen the
trial for tbe removal of Jesse Sheldon Pot
ter a? executor of the Charles Lux estate.
The motion is based on the grounds of
newly discovered evidence, which is fullj"
recited in an accompanying affidavit made
by Henry Lux.
The atndavit recites in substance that
since the removal suit the petitioner has
| ascertained that each and every statement
j made by Potter with reference to the John
' Brown draft on Miller *fc Lux for $800 was
knowingly and willfully false.
Jesse Potter testified in the trial that
John Brown was a roustabout employed
at Baden; that the draft was given to him
as a loan and afterward repaid by Brown
by a cash remittance sent through Wells-
Fargo's Express.
The affidavit says that in truth Jesse S.
Potter made and executed the draft in
San Francisco on or about the 7th of
March, 1893, in a questionable resort at 205
Post street, and that the draft was by him
given to trie proprietress and was after
ward paid by Miller & Lux. The amended
complaint recites that when Potter made
the statements that ne did on the trial,
with reference to the John Brown note or
draft that Potter committed willful and
deliberate perjury and was therefore lack*
ing in integrity.
BEQUESTS TO VKyTURA. LODGES.
' JHaton.i and the haitfern Star Chapter
Rcmembrred in a Will.
VENTURA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The will of
: Mrs. J. K. Gries, tiled to-day, provides for
| a bequest of 90.58 acres of land, valued at
I $200 per acre, to Ventura Lodge No. 214, F.
! and A. M. ; a piano to Eastern Star Chap-
i ter of Ventnra, and fifty acres of valuable
i land to Cornelia and Lila McKinney, resi
| dents of San Francisco. The estate is val
ued at $50,000, and J. K. Gries is appointed
executor without bonds.
34
FREIGHT WRECK
NEAR VISALIA
Two Engines and Fourteen
Cars Leave the
Rails.
PLUNGE INTO A DITCH.
Fireman Kennedy Pinned Be
neath His Cab and Scalded
by Steam.
ENGINEER HUTCHINGS HURT.;
The Train Employes Are in the Dark I
as to the Cause of the
Disaster.
Yl.-ALIA. Cat.., Jan. 17.— Southern T&-
Freight No. 21, a double-header
with '— ty-five cars wa« wrecked near here
Fireman Kennedy of engine I^4*3
wa? nned beneath the wreck and scalded
by escaping steam, but was extricated
from his position fifteen minutes later. |
Engineer Hatchings of the same engine j
d a badlj contused leg. The loss to
the railroad company will not be less than
The disaster occurred at a switch a miie
and a .half from Cross Creek, or tiidway '
between Hanford and <ioshen. he iirst
engine jumped from the main track, pull- ;
h« other engine with it. Fourteen
i 1 cars followed, and all were badly !
wrecked. The fourth car stopped squarely
on top of the second engine.
Engineer Murphy says that when the
engine started from the track he reversed
it. He did not know the cause of the acci
dent. His coolness and presence of mind,
however, stopped the train before it had
gone 100 yards. Engineer Hutchings says
the first thing he saw was tire flying from
the wheels of the first engine when the
brakes were thrown on. He knew some
thing was wrong, and immediately re
versed his engine, less than a second be
fore the crash came.
"After the trsun stopped," he said, "we
found my fireman ni i?sin£. We called out
to him hut the escaping steam drowned
out voices. Lanterns wore useless, so we
built a bonfire. I took a lone poker and
le:t around under the engine, and pres
ently some one clutched it and pushed it
back. We pulled, but that did no good.
Hildebrandt crawled in and Kennedy
caught him around the shoulders and all
pulled. When we dragged Hildebrandt
out Kennedy came with him. Kennedy
fortunately never lost his senses. The
steam behind him did not reach the upper
part of his body, but his left leg was badly
scalded. He was under the engine for
iifteen minutes.
Superintendent Burkhalter, who is in
charge of the wreck, could give no in
formation as to the cause. The track
walker reported after train 27 passed that
ail was in good order.
LOOKING FOR THE DRONES.
Supervisors Investigating Cer
tain Municipal Depart
ments.
The Finance Committee Believes That
Dummies Are Drawing Pay
Without Working.
A Btorm is brewing over the heads of the
municipal officers which, if it breaks as the
Finance Committee of the Board of Super
visors anticipates, may cause a scandal in
the departments of the City government
such as has not cropped up for years past.
Some time ago it came to the ears of the
board that in certain offices men were on
the payroll and were drawing salaries for
which they gave no returns whatever
beyond cashing their warrants as regular
ly as payday came around.
An investigation was at once set on foot
and every effort made to locate the
'•dummies," apparently with some suc
cess, though the members of the Finance
Committee, who have the matter in charge,
are extremely reticent regarding what
they have found.
The first Btep taken was to have the
expert of the board prepare a statement of
the nuruijer of men employed in each of
the municipal departments during the
montii of December, the names of those
whose names appear on the payroll, their
compensation and the work they are sup
posed to perjorm.
This report was submitted to the Finance
Committee and has been the subject of dis
cussion at a mini ber of executive meetings.
The illness of Chairman Taylor has pre
vented deiinite action being taken, but it
is expected that on Monday next the heai.
of the various departments will be called
on and asked to explain the presence of
certain employes in their otlices, and also
to make some showing as to the work that
has been done by these men.
Should the state of affairs be found to
exist that is anticipated the matter will be
brought up at the next meeting of the
board and a most interesting session is
likely to reso]t Chairman Taylor was
teen about the matter yesterday.
"We are not ready just yet to say what
we have founa," he said, '"but I can state
that the investigation has developed some
things that we had heard were true and
that we are going on with our work. If
this City is paying men fat salaries for
doing nothing or so nearly nothing that
the results of their labor are not percenti
ble we want to know it, and you can rest
assured that thoae men wiil go off the "pay
roil just as quick as we can bring such a
conclusion about.
'•There has been altogether too much
laxity in the manner in which municipal
offices are conducted and it is time that a
stop was put to it.
"Another thing we shall investigate is
the amount of salary allowed clerks for
certain kinds of work. In some cases we
believe it to be entirely too much and we
will very likely make some changes if our
suspicions are borne out by the facts."
INVESTIGATION OF HEALY.
The Charges Against the Bear's Cap
tain Being Inquired Into.
The board of inquiry which is to in-
Testigate the charges against' Captain
Michael Tlealy of the revenue cutter Bear
met in room 83 of the Appraisers' build
ing and organised yesterday. It is com
posed of Captain I>. B. Hodgson, stationed
at Detroit. Mich., Captain Louis Stoddard
of New York, Captain Coulson of the
life-saving service here and Lieutenant
Reynolds of the revenue cutter Wolcott.
Captains Hodgson and Stoddard arrived
from the East night before last and took
rooms at the Palace Hotel.
The investigation is a secret one, all its
i proceedings being behind closed doors,
i Lieutenant Reynolds, being the junior
officer, is acting as prosecutor, which
corresponds to the position of judge
advocate in a court-martial.
The charges against Captain Healy ac
cuse bim of frequently gettinu drunk on
duty while in Alaskan" waters. The prin
cipal witnesses against him are Lieutenant
Daniels of the Bear and Assistant En
gineer Dorey of the Perry.
With his crew Captain Healy ha 3 been
very popular, his only enemies being some
of his commissioned subordinates. If the
wishes of his men were heeded the captain
would soon be at his post on the cutter's
bridpe.
If, however, the board of inquiry should
find the charges against Captain Healy
true, it would be in duty bound to
port to the Treasury Department, and
after that the Treasury Department could
act according to its best judgment.
OUR NATIVE FLOWERS
Interesting Lecture by Dr. G.
F. Hanson at Cooper
College.
Over a Thousand Varieties of Flora
to Be Found Growing on the
Shores of the Bay.
Much as Californians hate the rain,
there are things which have the power to
induce them to brave the open floodgates of
the skies and risk a wetting. One of these
potent forces was Dr. G. P. Hanson's in
teresting lecture last night at Cooper Med
ical College on "Our Native Flora."
Despite the sheets of rain which had de
scended without intermission during the
entire day, seeming to redouble their
violence after nightfall, the lecture hall at
the college was comfortably filled.
Dr. Ha riser's remarks were of special j
interest, since he confined himself prin- {
cipaily to a consideration of the flora in- i
digqnoue to the shores of San Francisco
I>ay, giving some old, familiar favor
itea names so formidable as to be i
positively frightening, were it not ttiat,
the well - known reality is so charm- !
ing. Among other interesting bits of !
information, Dr. Hanson spoke of '
no less than fifteen distinct varieties of !
the buttercup, easily distinguishable one
from the other. Of the gilia he said there
were nineteen different forms, while of
mint, properly so called, he had been able
to rind only three varieties.
A strange denizen of Marin County is
the miniulus, popularly known as "the.
"sticky monkey flower," which Dr. Han
son said resembled the mimosa or sensi
tive plant, otherwise called "touch-me
not," in its peculior shrinking from the
touch. In the lupine family the lecturer i
said he had found fourteen * varieties, dif- j
SCENE AT THE COTILLON, ODD FELLOWS' HALL.
[Sketched by a " Call " artist.]
fering from each other in structure, order
and habitat, but all to be found within the
City limits.
Among over 1000 distinctively Califor
iiian flora, which the doctor hud exam
ined, the golden poppy, he said, had en
paged no small snare in his researches.
Besides the well- known Eschscholtzia he
cited the Dendromicon, the Meoonopsis
and the Artemone. All these varieties, he
said, contained opium in greater or less
proportion, a number of local druggists
extracting from them a product in all re
spects equal to the opium of commerce.
Medicinal plants, said Dr. Hanson,
abound on the shores of the bay, the
Rhamnus Catharticus being one of the
most efficient purgatives known. The
Yerba Santa or Eriodictvon he found
especially useful in disguising the taste of
quinine and other disagreeable remedies.
while its use was most beneficial in pul
monary and bronchial affections. The
grendelia he considered most efficient in
cases of asthma and the eruption result
ing from contact with poison oak. In fact
one listening to the doctor's persuasive
eloquence would Und little difficulty in
convincing himself that San Francisco is a
good enough place to live in, for its Mowers
if for nothing else.
Dr. Hanson referred to the wide range of
flora in California. The extensive coast
line has much to do with this, as well as
the reach of the State north and south,
with all the modifications of climate inci
dent to mountains, valleys and seashore.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1596.
IT WAS A LADIES' FETE
Brilliant Leap-Year Cotillon of
the Friday Night
Club.
.
MANY VERY PRETTY COSTUMES
Odd Fellows' Hall Beautifully Deco
rated With Festoons of Smilax
and Rare Plants.
Xot for four years past, since the last
leap-year cotillon was given in San Fran
cisco, has such a scene of splendor, such .a
gathering of fashion, of beauty and of
manly presence, been seen in this City as
was witnessed last night in Odd Fellows'
Hall, upon the occasion of the leap-year
cotillon given by the Friday Night Club.
All, or very nearly all, of the members
were present, not only at the event of the
season, but the most successful ball given
here in years.
The large hall, with its tinted walls and
'•■ ceiling and tasteful decoration; the lights,
which shone forth from the electric chan
deliers and side brackets to be reflected
back again from sparkling jewels worn by
fair women; rich and handsome cos
tumes adorned with velvets, ribbons and
laces of the choicest and costliest
description, the atmosphere sensuous
with the fragrance of flowers and Christ
mas garlands; the soft, strains of the
music of the waltz, nov. and anon giving way
to the more powerful. but none the less thrill
! ing melody drawn from the brazen throats of
the orchestra; the hum of animated conversa
tion ami sparkling bon-mot and repartee,
which lighted up the features of trios'' who
thus participated; the graceful and animated
figure.* i of the dancers as they seemingly, and
dreamily at times, floated through space— all
made up a spectacle of beauty, of brilliance,
that could hardly be excelled by the denizens
of fairyland.
Gay youth and old age— the matron with her
; hair sprinkled with siiVery threads and with
goodness and virtue beaming from every sweet
line which time bad drawn upon her face;
the miss, jnst blooming into womanhood, her
face wreathed in smiles, and the light dancing
in her eyes as she looked tip into the face of
i her young cavalier; the business man, un
bending from wanted sedateness — were
there enjoying the scene.
The brilliancy of the ballroom was softened
by a prolusion of Christmas garlands, smilex
and luxuriant palms, which were so arranged
as to relieve the ye find at the same time deco
rate the room. In these decorations consider
able taste was shown. The stage was banked
with tall and graceful palms. The back of the
stage was arranged so as to represent a forest.
Through the palms the calcium light threw its
j rainbow rays upon the beautiiully executed
■ figures.
Thick ropes of Christmas garlands in grace
ful curves extended along the galleries and
walls; with colored calcium lights between to
enrich the effect. Lamp shades of red deco
rated the upper gallery, surrounded by ferns.
The chandelier in the center ot the hall was
arranged with colors of pink and blue. From
the points of these streamers swung Japanese
lanterns. The galleries were draped with cur
tains of pink, white and light blue. Large
shields of the same colors were also used.
Swung from the ceiling were baskets of ever
greens arranged with colored electric lights.
Miss Maynard was as punctual as possible in
signaling with her tiny gold whistle. She
\ marshalled her forces for trie grand right and
left to the strains of a seductive Strauss waltz,
rhythmical enough to set the blood pulsing
: and feet moving unconsciously.
They were simple figures— three of them new.
Mils Maynard led alone and for her dexterity
1 ana cleverness she cannot be complimented
u,u highly. She did admirably. Hhe was
i ably asbisted by Miss Jlager and Jliss Sarah
! ("oilier.
Miss Maynard won' a vnry stylish gown of
; white pinr-apple cloth finished with cardinal
] stripes and a bodicu of cardinal velvet. The
corsage was high and the sleeves were long
! and bouffant at the shoulders. She signaled
: the Changes in the (inures by means of a little
i cold whistle, whioh she kept aw a souvenir
■ and which bore the date (if the cotillon and
■■uogram in engraved letters.
Mix Kmily Hager wore a very swell gown of
I pink tulle with v Marie Antoinette bodice of
: silver cloth and pink tulle. •
Ulm Mary Nolle >'• win wore pink satin with
j ostrich tips and a fine old-lace collar.
Mi.-- Blollie Thomas' costume was a hand
\ some pink gown. She wore a large American
; Beauty rose in her corsage.
Miss l.izzie Carrei 1 was. in light blue costume
I with gilt braid on the corsage and American
Beanty roses.
tain May - 1 abba wore light-blue satin.
Miss Belle M Kenna was in white satin.
Miss Bertha Smith wore white tulle with a
1 light-blue bodice.
Uisa Mabel Den yon wore a striped whitc
j si'.tiu costume.
Miss Frances Currey's costume was of bro
! oade with pink bodice.
Mlsa Mary Kip was in white brocade costume.
I Miss Mariquette Collier wore a blue silk
bodice of delicate tint, with a somewhat darker
blue hgureu skirt.
I Miss Genevieye Carolan was in yellow satin.
Miss Daisy Van Ness was in white tulle, with
pink trimmings.
Miss Gibbons was in pale green costume.
Miss hthel Tompkinu wore greon satin.
Miss Julia Tompkins wore pink satin.
.Nearly all of the ladies wore their hair pow
aerod. The gowns, though very rich and
costly, were also as a rule, very quiet and taste
nil. There were no derisive" colors worn, ex
tent for the few roses, and the effect was as a
whole very harmonious.
Miss Sarah Collier wore a modish gown of
blue satin, trimmed with a bertha oi Valen
cienues lace.
There were five figures in all— the -'grand
right and left," "the serpentine," "the cir
cles, ''the linker" and "the debutantes'
march.' The latter figures were executed
with calcium lights, adding much to their
beauty.
The army ami navy officers wore full uni
forms. "he cotillon endeiat midnight, when
Bupperwai served. Regular dancing followed.
I he roles for the guidance ol participants were
not extensive, but jrief and to the point. In
ad'iition to the oV.e prohibiting only those
with powdered hair on the main floor, the fol
lowing rules were promulgated:
It is particularly iv. (nested thai the gentlemen
make every endeavor to carry out the rules and
regulations of a leap-year party.
No gentleman will be allowed to cross the floor
i-'Kiiied by a lady.
i'nosewho nave no partners please take seats
with Hi" chaperons.
As the coii'lon is to be led this evening by a lady
ii Is earnestly requested that the figures be. formed
us quickly and perfectly us possible, thus saving
ii tim.> and annoys n<'e.
Going into Hie figures jut of turn cannot be
allowed under any circumstances.
No Objection to dan' .iis< after tne figure is over.
K. M. (ikkkxway, Manager.
The following is a list of those participating
in the cotillon:
First -Miss Sarah Collier and W. D. Page,
Miss Mary Belle Gwin and W. E. Dean, Miss Daisy
Van Ness and Lieutenant D. W. Kilbourn, Miss
Alice Hager and Addbou Mlzner, Miss Edith
Findley and Lieutenant F. L. \V inn. Miss Ethel
.Smith and George Wheaton. Miss < ora Smedber;;
and Dr. G. Tucker Smith. Miss MoNutt and E. M.
Green way, Miss Ella Hoban and Robert M. Eyre,
Miss E. Carolan and 11. M. Holbrook, Miss Ethel
Tompkina and 8. C. Pardee, Miss M. Harrington
and Lieutenant Qkeorge R. Roberts, Miss Ella Good
nil and W. li. Carrigan, Miss Kip and Captain
Marlon P. Mans, Miss Marie Zany and J. C. Mr-
Kinstry, Miss Mamie Thomas and Frank Flndiey.
second set— Miss Laura Bates and W. H. Heath,
Miss Maud Howard and Lieutenant J. P. a. Lan
di». Miss Frances Curry and George T. Cameron,
Miss Genevieve ("arolan and D. T. Boardman, Miss
Boss and K. MeKee Dupern, Miss Mary Kip and
Fred H. Coon, Miss Mai Moody and Latham Mc-
Mulltn, Miss Hariqalta Collier and Henry W.
l'oett, Miss W. Smith «nd XI. .1. Knowles, Miss
Louise Harrington and Lieutenant John W. Joyes,
Miss Jessie Newlands and George F. Davidson,
Miss Juliet Williams and Allen G. Wright, Mrs. H.
a. Benson and Lieutenant H. A. Benson, Miss Ko
mietta Wallace and A. P. Hayne.
Third set— M:.-s Knight and Frank L.Owen, Miss
M. Woods and James B. Crockett, Miss Eva
Moody and Lawrence Van Winkle, aiihs Rose
Hooper and Philip Tompbins, Miss Bertha Smith
and Joseph Chamberlain; Mrs. Thomas Magee and
Thomas Magee, Miss BJairand Fred H.Webster,
Miss Bessie Bowie and Edwin McAfee, Mrs.
George a. Pope and Joseph S. Tobin, Miss Ella
Morgan and Lieutenant Howard Veeder, Miss
Edith Mcßeaq and E. H. .Sheldon, Miss Mariorie
Young aim Douglas Waterman, Miss McKee and
Harry L. Wilson, Mrs. Paul R. Jarboe add Horace
D. Pillsbury.
Fourth sot— Mrs. 11. Woolworth and Stanley
Jackson. Miss Ida Gibbons and Lieutenant 81. F.
Davis, Miss Emily BchoeeUy apd Thomas H.
Breeze, l\lls.s Jessie Glascock and A. Williams,
Miss Belle M'hoon and K. K. Magee, Miss Eleanor
Wood and Jerome Watson, Miss ella Tobiu and
W. G. I. .aiders. .Mi-is a. Clark and Jerome A.
Hart, Miss Bessie Zace and ..Miss Mabel de
Noon ana W. B. Collier Jr.. Miss Lizzie Carroll and
George H. tie Long, Mrs.W. H. Taylor and W. Mayo
Xewtiall, Miss < ■■ha robin and Augustus Taylor,
Miss I lla Bender and James Newlanas.
fifth set — Miss Minnie Burton and Morton R.
Gibbons, Mi s Juliette CSarber and Khodes Borden
Mrs. Cutler Palce. and Cutler Paige, Miss Laura
Bates and S. MeP. Rutherford, Miss Klrua <. raves
and B. Clark Porter, Miss Mamie Stubbs and a. B.
Russell, Miss ( lark and Turn McGrew, Miss
Jeanetie Watt a act E. L. Bray ton, Miss Dorothy
Ames and Ferd I-te:s. Miss Kmma Butler and A. S.
Fleming. Mis* Hannah Williams and T. McC. Van
Ness, Miss Bertha J-'oote and X. G. Kittle. Miss
Beatrice Tobin and F. A. Greenwood, Miss A.
Clark and 1., c. Masten.
Sixth Mt— Miss Lottie Dutton and W.W. Chapin,
Mil * Bernle Drown and Raymond Sherman, Miss
Hooper Rnd K. L. HotlChtOn, Miss !.<-ila Bur
ton ami lieutenant Sydney a. Cloman, Miss Oer
tnwJe I'onmui (ami t. ii. Benedict, Miss Helen W,
Hess nh'i Lieutenant B. • '. Croxton, Mis.-) Josephine
Blackmore am! P. a. W| cox. Mlbi Helen Potter
aii'l c P. Preston, Miss Genevieve tioad and Pettr
I). Martin, Mlsa Bille McKenna and F.W. McNear,
Miss Carrie Taylor aud Atherton Macondray, Miss
Sullivan and James S. Pnelan, Miss Maiten and
C. L. Davfs, Mrs. Cunningham and J. J. Chappelle.
Among others present were:
Mrs E. C. Bompas, Mrs. Richly Bayne, Harry
Babcock, Major A. K. Bates, Mrs. W. F. Berry,
Mr. and Mrs. V,\ F. Bowers, Mr. and Mrs. J. F.
Boyd, Mrs. W. ]•. Breeze, W. F. Breeze, E. L.
Brayton, Allan Bowie, Mrs. AVinsor Brown, Colonel
ti.-orj.-f H. Burton, Mr. an 1 Mrs. K. W. Churchill,
Mrs. .inn;'' Carolan, Mr. and Mrs. Francis J. Caro
lan, Mrs. H. T. Carroll, Mr and Mrs. Andrew Car
ngan, Lieutenant Carson; A. W. Clement, Colonel
C. F.Cro-ker, Miss Emma Crockett, Mrs. J. B.
Crockett. .Mr. ana Mrs. J.M. Cunningham, George
K. Davidson, C. L. Davis, Mrs. Peter Donahue, Mr.
and Mrs. Terry P. Eyre, Miss Eyre, Mrs. Sands W.
X'orman, GeneralJ. W. Foraying Hon. and Mrs. W.
W. Foot«, Mrs. Morton Gibbons, Miss Kindley,
Miss Editn Xlmiley, E. H. FolKer, J. b.
Grant. Mr. and Mrs- W. M. (liven,
Mrs. lla^-cr, Mrs. W. P. llarririßton, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Downey Harvey, r.arcluv Henley, Walter a
Hobnrt. Mrs. J. a. Hooper. Miss Uoughlop, Mrs.
W. B. Hooper, Pnnl K. Jarboe, Mr. and Mrs. H. A.
J'Tome, JVlr. a' d Mrs. \V. I. Kip, Samuel Knight,
John Li»vson, Mrs. P. B, Lewis, Mrs. Alexander
Loughborougb, Mrs. Eleanor Martin, Mrs. 8. V.
Maynara. Mr. and Mrs. Mcßean, Mr. and Mrs. E.
.1. McCutchen, Mrs. .1. 1.. Moody, Mrs. W. Mayo
Newhßll. George A. XcwUall, Miss Newton, Mr,
and .Mrs. .!. It. K. . Nnttall, Miss Owen,
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Page, Miss Patton, J. D.
I'll' lan, Mr. and Mrs Orestes Pierce, Mr. and Mrs.
(3. A. Pope, Major J. F. .Huthbone, G. L. Rathbone,
Mr. and .Mrs. Henry T. Scott. Harry H. iSinipklns,
Mrs. Sidney Smith, Colonel W. R. Smedberg, Mrs.
Harold Pewell. Mr. and Mrs. C. August Hprecki-ls
B. a: Somen, Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Saibbs, Mrs. W.
H. Taylor, Dr. Harry L. Tevly, Mr. ana Mrs. Wil
liam Thomas, Clem ToWn, Miss Juiia Tompkins,
Miss Mac Tucker, Mr. ami Mrs. A. S. Tubbs. Mr.
and Mrs. W. B. Tubbs, Mr. and Mrs. C W. Tuttle,
Mrs. T. C. Van Ness. Miss Vassault, Mrs. Voor
hles, Baron and Baroness yon Rchroeder,- Dr.
Kobert Whitinf, Dr. and Mrs. F. P. Wilson, Mr.
and Mrs. IC. S. Wilson, A. B. Williamson.
DRAWN IN OLD KENTUCKY.
A Play That Breathes the True
Spirit of the Blue-Grass
State.
COLONELS AND HOESE-RACES.
Mr. Dazey Selected the Characters of
His Successful Drama With Keen
Attention to Realism.
In selecting the famed Blue Grass sec
tion of Kentucky for the scene of his suc
cessful play, "In Old Kentucky," C. T.
Dazey. the author, could not have hit
LAURA BUHT AS MADGE IN "IN OLD KENTUCKY."
upon a more romantic spot had he
searched this broad land from ocean to
ocean.
It was an old Kentucky colonel, one of
those knight-hearted old prototypes of
Colonel N'ewcomb, who said that the Blue
Grass was heaven enough for him, and
that the only way for God Almighty to im
prove on the Elysian fields was to tell the
preachers to include in their announce
ments of the inducements offered tbe peni
tent the statement that there would be
horse-racing in Paradise and that the
clubhouse of the Kentucky Association
would be located near the wire; that
Colonel Jack Chirm would send the fields
away and relate his coon stories when the
card had been cleaned up; that Milton
Young, Bill Barnes and Sanford Lyne
would pose in the judges' stand ana Tom
McDowell and Hal Hendley and Gus
Straus catch tbe time; that Hull David
son would have charge of tbe clubhouse
and dispense hospitality, and, finally, that
tne Holy One would promise that the big
soring at Colonel Pepper's distillery would
always flow and that Major Thomas' mint
patch would never fade away.
Mr. Dazey has drawn his characters with
rare skill and a thorough knowledge of the
characteristics, oddities and peculiarities
of the people lie aims to depict. His
colonel can be seen almost any day lolling
about the office of the famous old Phoenix
Hotel in Lexington — a breezy, whole
souled Southern gentleman, whose one
passion is a fondness for a good horse. His
heroine is an excellent type of a true Ken
tucky girl, idealized possibly in obedience
to the demands of dramatic license, and
nis moonshiner a strong, vigorous fellow,
rarely seen out of the fastnesses of the
mountains and better known in Kentucky
than outside of that favored Stale.
Lexington, the Queen City of the Blue
Grass, has been called the hub of the horse
world. Between the name of Lexington
and the horse there is linked s sentiment
so inseparable as to cause the one to sug
gest the name of the other. Equally fa
vored by nature, the city is blessed by its
association with the equine, and this
noblest of all animals is constantly repay
ing the debt it owes Dame Nature and its
native heath by superb contests the world
over. Old Lexington himself was a race
horse of unexcelled ability, and his get
have demonstrated that his gifts were as
potent as they were brilliant, and like the
descendants of those lion-hearted old Ken
lucky colonels who made Kentucky and
Lexington their early reputation, the
grandsons of old Lexington are sweeping
the turf the present day. The city of Lex
ington is the turf center of the world ; the
finest, fleetest thoroughbreds are reared in
the blue grass region. It has been said
that the "favorite son" of Kentucky is a
horse.
Mr. Dazey understood all this, and that
is why he put a spirited horserace in his
play. His story, too, is deftly woven
around a horse, and that horse's prowess is
what arouses every Kentuckian who sees
the play to a wild pitch of enthusiasm.
There never was a. true Kentuckian
who did not worship a good horse.
In several churches in Lexington the min
isters are antagonistic to racing, but as the
days pass their views are gradually becom
ing broader, and some of them are regular
attendants at the races and realize that
clean, honest racing is the "sport of kings."
Mr. Dazey could not have selected a more
interesting people for the characters in his
drama than these sturdy sons of old Ken
tucky, and if he has caught the true spirit
of Blue Grass life, the success of his play
Is not to be wondered at.
G&VE FALSE EVIDENCE.
Peculiar Confession Made by a Witness
in a Criminal Case.
Nellie Dwyer was acquitted by a jury in
Judge Bahrs' court of a charge of grand
larceny, and she was acquitted principally
by reason of the startling confession made
by May Ward, the principal witness
against her. Miss Ward in the Police
Court had testified that she had seen the
defendant in company with the complain
ing witness, and mainly on this account
the defendant was held.
Before Judge Belcher yesterday Miss
Ward said that the testimony she gave in
the Police Court was false, and that she
gave it under orders of Fred Frye, an at
torney in the case. Frye was called to
the stand and he denied the wliole story,
but the jury acquitted the defendant.
HAD TO SUPPORT HIM.
Why Mrs. Foley Said She Wanted a
Divorce From Her Husband.
Mrs. Margaret Foley was granted a
divorce from Thomas Foley by Judge
Hibbard yesterday for cruelty and failure
to provide.
Mrs. Foley said on the stand that her
husband enme here from Yonkers, N. V.,
on money that she sent him, and that
since he has been here she has supported
him. She had built a house out in the
Mission with her savings, and it was not
long completed when a tire destroyed both
building and furniture. She collected the
insurance and p it the money in her trunk,
and she testified that her husband broke
open the trunk and took $GO. S>ie and a
neighbor saw him and the neighbor held
him while she herself went through his
pockets and secured trie $60.
Since then, she says, it has been impos-
Bible to live witn him, and so she asked
and secured a divorce.
Handel, the famous composer, used,
when traveling, to order dinner for three,
or if hungry for five, and then eat the
whole himself.
111 l Soothing
Comforting
Joy's i
Vegetable B
sarsaparilla|
CURES
ALL
BOWEL
COMPLAINTS,
LIVER
AND
KIDNEY
DISORDERS,
DYSPEPSIA
AND
SKIN
TROUBLES.
CURES
CHRONIC
CONSTIPATION.
NO
QRIPE.
And "Has-Beens" Are the Melan-
choly Fates of Too Many of Our
Younger Generation.
_
If you have erred in youth, if your eyes
i lackluster, if you have used your system
up, if you nave disordered your liver or
misused your kidneys you should take the
! Great Hudyan. You can get it for certain
diseases, but you must first make applica-
: tion to the Hudson Medical Institute.
Hudyan cures certain forms of liver and
i kidney affections, impaired vitality and
loss of strength. Hudyan is efficacious
where other remedies have failed.
'*^§____§£&_3 ■^"-^IS®
Hudyan will Hp!l|B shattered nerves
stop tne wastini? sj Kj2 .Hudvan is &
DUllcl Up «^j \t& rit*h t 1 v n^pd
the nervous sys- ]_J£^(fi§_| You must send
tern. Hudyan pi fig for circulars and
strengthens, in- p|a testimonials of
vigorates and tj;L(r%3 the Great Hud-
tones the entire EjSJffiß van. Write to
system. Hudyan SjijiVs the
cures certain gW^sP
forms of lost iwM, HUDSON
manhood, oartain Bpjjffl MEDICAL
! peculiar casea of Cs£jJ»?s INSTITUTE
• f
TAINTED BLOOD— lmpure blood, due
: to serious private disorders, carries myriads of
[ sore-producing germs. Then come sore throat,
pimples, copper-colored spots, ulcers in mouth,
i old sores and falling hair. Yon can lave a trip
; to Hot Springs by writing for "Blood Book'! to
the old physicians of the Hudson Medical In-
stitute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets!.
LIVER- When your liver is affected you
j may feel blue, melancholy, irritable and easily
! discontented. You will notice many symptoms
! that you really have and many that you really
| do not have. You need a good liver "regulator,
j and thin you should take at once. You can get
it from us. Write for book on liver troubles,
"All About the Liver," sent free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
KIDNEY Remedies are now sought for by
many men, because so many men live rapid
I lives— use up their kidneys. If you wish to
j have your kidneys put in good order send for
i our Kidney Regulator, or better, learn some-
; thing about your kidneys and how to make the
i test. The book, "A Knowledge of Kidneys,"
■ Bent free. __
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sis.,
SAN FRANCISCO, CAL-
!
NOTICE FORBOt
Notice Inviting: Sealed Proposals
for the Purchase of Lincoln
Water Works Bonds.
The Trustees of the town of Lincoln having
by ordinance of said town entitled an ordi-
nance providing for the issuance and sale of
bonds for the town of Lincoln for the construc-
tion, acquisition and completion of a water-
works system for the said town of Lincoln for
fire and other municipal purposes, passed and
approved the 17th day of December, 1895,
ordained that there shall be issued by the said
town of Lincoln forty bonds of the denomina-
tion of $ 500 each, bearing interest at the rate
of 5 per cent per annum, payable annually,
and also directing the Town Clerk of the town
of Lincoln to give notice inviting proposals for
sale of said bonds.
Now, therefore, notice is hereby given by the
Board of Town Trustees of the town of Lincoln
to sell said bonds aforesaid as they may deem
necessary. The said bonds ore to bear date the
first Monday in January. 1890, and are to be
numbered consecutively from one to forty, both
inclusive, the first bond 10 be made payable on
the first Monday in January, 1597. and tbe re-
maining bonds consecutively are to be made
payable on the first Monday in January in each
succeeding calendar year, until and including
the year 1935; the said bonds are to be made
payable to the bearer at the office of the Treas-
urer of the said town of Lincoln, in the said
town of Lincoln, Placer County, State of Cali-
fornia, and to each of said bonds there is to be
attached interest coupons equal in number to
the number of years which the bond in ques-
tion has to run before its maturity.
Sealed proposals for the purchase of said
bonds will be received by the clerk of the said
town on behalf of the Trustees of the said
town at his office in said town at any time
from the date of the first publication of this
notice up to the hour of 7 o'clock p. m. of the
31st day of January, 1896, and that thereafter
said bonds will be sold by the Board of Trus-
tees of said town to the highest and best bid-
der for cash in gold coin of tne United States
The Board of Trustees of said town hereby re-
serve the right to accept or reject any and all
bids. No bid will be considered that is for less
than the face value of said bonds. .Said bonds
will be delivered In the aggregate amount
made up of forty serial bonds of the entire issue
of $20,000, numbered from one to forty both
inclusive.
The purchase price of said bonds must be
paid on the delivery of the bonds at the office
of the Town Treasurer of the said town of
Lincoln. The purchaser or purchasers of said
bonds, to whom the same are awarded, must
give an undertaking with at least two sufficient
sureties, in the penal sum of 10 per cent of
the purchase price payable to the said town of
Lincoln, and conditioned that said purchaser
shall within ten days after receiving notice
on the part of the said Board of Town Trus-
tees to deliver said bonds, take up and payf or
same as delivered ; and that a failure to take
up and pay for same within the time herein
specified shall be a breach of said undertak-
ing and shall constitute such breach of itself"
and the sum mentioned in said undertaking
shall be held and considered as liquidated
j damages; and said undertaking may be sued
upon immediately in the name of the town of
Lincoln, and the amount specified therein
recovered as liquidated damages. a deposit
in the United States postoffice of said town of
Lincoln of a notice of readiness to deliver s*ir>
bonds signed by the said clerk of the saia town
and witn the seal of said town affixed art
dressed to the purchaser of said bonds at his
place of business or residence as stated In hll
bid ,! C l Said bonds, p.epaid, _ h all be deemed
and taken to be notice to the purchaser Tom
the date of such deposit, and there shall I?S
be embodied in said undertaking Si !_?
chaser's assent to the form and sufficient at
such notice. "uiv.iencj ol
Dated December 31, 1895.
____j_^«^Eßs JL Town Clerk.
NEW WESTERN HOTci
KEARNY AND WASHVvr, ° TEL »
, modeled and wuovated k ivTPS, BT *- RR*
European plan. Kooma fibe , n «°,' X AR1 > * "(X
to f »na cold water very rMm. m « O i th: *•• *>«£:
fcot and cold water ev'ry r£?__. m H onth : *«*> b«b*-
I «m ; •MvMQi runs ailmjS™ *** " rWe » ln *r«9INVESTIGATION OF
PASTOR BROWN.
First Meeting of the Joint
Committee Held Last
Night.
NOTHING ACCOMPLISHED
Action Deferred by the Illness
of the Principal in the
Proceedings.
A LONG INFORMAL DISCUSSION
The Committee Without Organizing
Adjourned to Meet Again at
Its Convenience.
The meeting held at the First Congrega
-■ evening was for the |
of orgunizing tne joint committee com) <
MISS MATTIE OVERMAN ENTERING THE CHURCH.
' ■/ a "Call " artist.]
.".riding committee of the church and the
: by the Bay Association.
Dr. Brown was present at the opening of the
Qg against th# urgent advice of his
physi< so ili as to be obliged to
ilh- meeting was called to order.
On this account an informal discussion was
held, end the meeting adjourned to meet again
enience.
This, according to the written report made
to the press representatives by Deacon Bar
nard, was the total result of the star-cham
ber meeting held in Dr. Brown's study,
irbicn proved sufficiently interesting
=c on the inside to keep them in
"informal discussion" for about three
hours.
The protracted session, during which so
was accomplished in the way of "in
formal discussion" was possibly doe to the
fact that the proceedings were not, as ex
■ il by one of the deacons, "as pleasant
as they might have been."
Dr. Brown was on hand; in fact lie was
the first to reacti the church. As early as
ock the committee began to drop in,
b ngly and then in pairs. The pastor's
study, or, as lie prefers to have it now
known, his office, is on the second floor,
and at the head of the winding stairs. Dr.
Brown welcomed the arriving committee
men who arc to investigate him. When
four or live had arrived the pastor re
treated to the oflice and was seen no more
that evening by the expectant press rep
resentatives. While the "informal dis
cussion" was in progress Solly Waters, the
artist, dropped in "just to look at th
He only staved for a few moments, bow
ever. Dr. Brown informed him, so Mr.
Waters says, that be was "onto his game."
About 7:45 p.m. Miss Martha Overman
floated in from the rain, escorted by Val
entine Brown, the ever erood-natured son
of the pastor. She glided lightly up the
stairs, knocked with the confidence of one
of i he elect on the pastor's otlicedoor; but
she was evidently not in possession of the
"open sesame." for her retreat was
prompt, and soon she had disappeared in
the storm and darkness of toe outer night.
The members of th.: joint committee
present included Dr. Mooar, Dr. McLean,
Dr. Pond. D. <iiibert Dexter, Dr. Williams,
John F. Merrill, T. H. Hatch, A. .1. Dew
ing, Deacon Barnard and George D. West
gate.
Shortly after « o'clock the patient vigil
of trie newspaper reporters in the hall'vay
leading to the Sunday-school room was in
terrupted by the entrance of one of Can
tain Lees' detectives, who inquired if his
chief was present. Having no positive
knowledge on the subject the srribes re
ferred him to the pastor's stu— office; but
accord : n- to the detective's report on his
return Captain Lees was not a participant
in tl<e "informal discussion."
Nor so far as could be learned was Mrs.
Davidson on hand to give her full state
ment regarding the charges she has made
against the First Church's pastor. Nor
was there any indication of the presence
of Attorney Walter (iallagher. who, it was
presumed "from the remarks of Pastor
Brown on Wednesday night, would bean
attendant at the investigation to gather
information for the "construction of a
false defense" for his client.
Mrs. Stockton, too, failed to appear and
give her version of the $800 kiss she
claims to nave disposed of to the pastor,
and as tor Mr.-. Tunnel!, the contidante of i
Mattie Overman, her absence was not un
expected in view of her discreet policy of
seeking to avoid notoriety by flitting fiom
her borne between two days.
Nor did any one express surprise at the
failure of Mrs. Jane Elizabeth Baddin to
come forward and volunteer her story.
Lb strict accord with his promise of i
Wednesday niftbi of self-abnegatio:: Dr.
Brown made uo effort, as far as could be '
ascertained, to act as chairman of the
committee, neither did he endeavor to
vote nor yet to veto any vote of the com- '
mittee.
It was the general impression that the
committee at its first session last night
would discuss and determine the question
as to whether or not the investigation
I should be held in secret or with closed
j door*, and also as to whether the proceed
ings would take the form of an "investiga
tion," as ordered by Dr. Brown, or whether
they would resolve themselves into th«
more concrete result ordinarily termed a
"trial." Hut from the lucid report given
; to the press it was impossible to learn even
if these questions had been touched upon.
A few minutes before 10 o'clock Dr.
Williams, Dr. McLean and Dr. Mooar left
the conference and the church and mi
i formed the waiting reporters that the
i meeting was at an end and that the secre
i tary w'uh preparing a full report for the
J newspapers. An attempt to ascend to the
: sanctum was frustrated by vigilant Sexton
i like, who planted himself across the
: stairway and said he had orders not to
allow any one to go up. Asked who bad
; given him Mich orders, he said he had
! given them to himself. After a further
waiting ot about twenty minutes the par-
I ticipants in the three hours' "informal
i discussion" came out from the pastoral
office, and then it was that the report
| which introduces tnis story was graciously j
' handed to the reporters, with permission \
to copy it in full. And they were further
■ informed that they might copy the certifi
cate of Dr. Palmer, who attested to the
poor physical condition of Dr. Brown.
[nquirv as to Dr. Brown's whereabouts,
as he had been seen to enter but not to ;
leave the churcti, was answered that he :
bad left early in the evenin<r. Sexton like !
then volunteered the information that he I
could have left by half a dozen different
exits without being seen by the reporters. ]
A.nd thus ended the lirsi session of the
joint committee which Dr. Brown largely
aided to appoint to investigate the charges •
' against him. It met to organize, but •
owing to Dr. Brown's illness and conse
quent absence it simply held a three hours'
'•informal discussion" and then "ad
journed to meet auain at its convenience."
It is possible that the three hours con
sumed by the committee last night were
devoted to a discussion of the legality of
the investigation. The power to inquire
into the acts of a minister can only be
conferred by the church. "Until this is
done.'' says Dr. Williams, "any act of the
committee must bo of a semi-official char
acter.' 1
The action last night would indicate a
determination on the part of Dr. Brown's
appointees to wait until the congregation
has had time to canvass the situation. If
tli is be true, it means no further meetings
until after the next weekly prayer-meeting.
Tuere seems to be considerable differ- |
enc.e of opinion concerning the admission
of Mrs. Davidson's testimony. It is argued j
by some that in view of the charge now
resting against her it would not be fair to
pit her statement against that of J)r. \
Brown. This, in fact, is the view enter
tained by the latter, but Attorney Gal- j
lagher thinks quite differently, and does j
not hesitate to express himself concerning
the effort that is being made to prevent
liia client from appearing before the com- !
mittee.
"If this investigating committep is sin
cere in the work the members are about to >
undertake," he said yesteruay, "they will
not hesitate to hear tlie charges that have j
been made against I'astor Brown by my
client. She is entitled to tell her own
story and justice demands that she be al
lowed to do so.
'"There need be no question in their
mmd 8 as to whether they have the power
to bring Mrs. Davidson before them. The 1
committee have only to indicate a willing- .
ness to hear her and* I will guarantee that
she appears when wanted. I intend to
speak to the committee about this very I
thine, and to learn, if possible, just how \
much of the truth they want."
It is probable that Mrs. Davidson's case i
will be set for trial this morning, though;
in which court it is impossible to say.
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, in discussing the j
latest phase of the trouble in Dr. Brown's
church, said yesterday:
"Tins is no loneer a private or even a
church matter. The public is interested,
and it is right that the press should be ad
mitted to the investigation. However, if
Dr. Brown succeeds in clearing himself, I :
hope and believe t lie press will make the
amende honorable. The position of \
churches and tnose who conduct them
should be unassailable. No investigation
should drag them down, but instead reveal '
them in ail their whiteness.
"The evidence against Dr. Brown has
not Jill been brought forward, and until it
Las I must decline to pass judgment. 1 i
should think that he would prefer not to I
appear in the pulpit pending this investi
gation. He must know that this unhappy :
aflair has brought about considerable preju- !
dice against him, and I think he should !
have so much regard f6r this until the
truth is made manifest."
Judge Sawyer lias declined to act on the
committee, and as yet no one has been se
lected in his place. Mrs. Onan also re
fuses to serve, givinp as a reason that her
position on the standing committee was
purely nominal.
Arrest of a. Werada Murderer.
RENO, Nkv., Jan 17.— An Indian named j
Johnny Busters was arrested at Pyramid j
Indian reservation yesterday a.s the prin- '
cipal in the murder of an Indian and a
.Spaniard at Limbo Mountain last Xovem- I
ber. A Spaniard named Echiverro is now !
in custody, charged with the crime, but |
developments have proved Indian Busters '■
was the principal in the double murder.
Pattern-makers in the ship-yards of
Liverpool receive $8 01 per week.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAX.L, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
CONVENTION OF CATHOLICS
The Educational Union to Hold
Its First Public Meet
ings.
LONG COURSE OF LECTURES.
Archbishop Riordan and Prominent
Priests and Laymen Will
Read Papers.
The Pan Francisco Educational Union,
organized some months ago by the Cath
olic reading circles of this city, will hold
its first public meeting at Metropolitan
Temple on Monday evening, January '11.
These meetings will be continued for two
weeks, and will close February 14, when
Archbishop Riordan will read a paper on
"The Church and the Scriptures."
As stated by Father Dempsey, who has
interested himself in this literary move
ment, the object of the union is "to pro
mote the educational features of the vari
ous circles, to encourage the establishment
of reading-circle associations, and to pro
vide means for the dissemination of Cath
olic truth."
At a meeting of the circles held at St.
Mary's Cathedral Thursday evening a pro
gramme was read. Each week of the
course four evenings will be devoted to
lecture.-, as follows:
January— First week of the meeting. 27th—
'•The Temporal Power oi the Pope," by Very
Rev. .i. .!. Prendergast, v. < *
28th -"The Church and the Republic" by
Hon. J. J-. Sullivan.
•JOtli <);.,. n session, to be participated in by
members oi the circles.
30th "A Trip Through the Boly Land"
(illustrated), by Rev. P. Cummins.
31st— "The .Missions of California," by Brvan
J. < iinch.
Second week of the meeting. February 3—
"The Infallibility of the Pope," by Rev. P.O.
•4tli-"Some Knrbarisms of the Nineteenth
Century, by Judge Frank J. Mumsky.
sth- Open session by the members of the
circles.
I ' ; ' l! -"Chnrch and Civilization," by Rev.
Philip < i Ryan.
7th— "Reunion of Christendom," by Rev.
Charles A. Ramm.
Third week oi the meeting. February 10—
V man°'c g p 1 -? n . v . 111 . t . i *! s ''' by Rev. Henry 11.
J^Blc^^ CatholiC Li terature,» by Rev.
circles"" 0130 " * sion by the members of the
/mi?!! 1 T . h( ', Church and Architecture"
(illustrated), by Frank T. Shea.
Af 14th— "The church and the Scriptures," by
Most Rev. Archbishop P. W. Riordau.
The remainder of the programme will
consist of essays by members of the read
ing circles, with musical and pleasing
literary features, as follows:
Mof£™s 2S)-"Rpmance," by Miss Elizabeth
McDonald of the Montgomery Reading Circle;
Cleopatra," by Miss Nora Sullivan of the
Thomas Aquinas Circle; "Onward," an orig
inal poem, Miss Anna Doyle of the Father
Faber Circle; "Some American Women "by
Miss Duralnd of the St. Mary's Cathedral Cir
... and "Father Ryan, and His Poems," by
Robert Richards 01 the Archbishop Riordau
Circle; a _ recitation by Miss Elizabeth McDon
m '■'.! }!>** Cathedral Circle; a vocal solo by
Mrs. 1. H. «,rirhn ; un instrumental duet by the
Misses M. Parker and A. Krwiti of the Fabcr
Circle ; selections by the St. James Choral, and
a vocal solo by Miss Katherine Black
February 5-"The Mission Dolores," by Miss
May Driscoll of the Cathedral Circle; "Si
Catherine," by Miss Christina' Regan of the
Holy Cross Circle; "Development of English
Language "by Miss M. Kennedy of the Arch
bishop Riordan Circle; "Dion and the Sibyls "
by Miss Mary F Lorrigan of the Thomas
Aquinas Circle, and "Idealism and Realism "
by Miss Coffey of the St. Mary's Cathedral
Circle.
w edne*day,Februaryl2— Miss Nellie Maeuire
of the Tbomai Aquinas Circle, "Pre-Christian
; Civilisation"; Mrs. A. Toomey of the Juiii"r>ero
Berra Circle, "Some Characteristics of Ameri
can Home Life" ; Miss Mary (ioary of the Mont
, gomery < ircie, "Monasticism. or What the
Monks Have Done"; Mr. Henderson of St
Ignatius Circle, "J-acoidaire" ; Mrs J'au 1 a
' Hay of the Archbishop Riordan Circle "A
I Reading Circle." On these evenings of »>pen
I meetings recitations will be givwi by Mi^ s
Elizabeth McDonald and Miss May Sulliva-1 of
the Cathedral Circle and Miss Charlotte John
; ston of the St. Charles Borromean Circle
January 29 and February 5 and 12 will
be devoted to open sessions of the reading
circles. Tickets of admission to the course
have been intrusted to members of the
circles for distribution, but none will be
given persons under 18 years of age.
The reading circles already hrnily estab
lished and pursuing a well-defined way in
a variety of studies, week after week, are
the St. Mary's Reading Circle, which is
attached to St. Mary Cathedral, the Mont
gomery Circle of Holy Cross parish, the
Faber Circle of St. James parish, the St.
Thomas Aquinas Circle of St. Peter's the
Archbishop Miordan Circle of St. Charles
Borromeo parish, the Ignatian Circle of
St. Ignatius Church and the Junipero
Serra Circle of old St. Mary's, on California
street.
UNDER SERIOUS CHARGES.
Harry Morris, a Deputy County Clerk,
Accuue'l of I Hi'liinK Fees.
There is trouble in the County Clerk's
office, arising from some sensational
charges made by the Evening Post against
the fee cleric, who has charge of the filing
of new suits.
The charges were made last evening,
and as a result the fee clerk, Harry Morris,
has been suspended pending an investiga
tion. Should the investigation prove guilt
on his part Morris' suspension will be
made permarent. Should it develop noth
ing culpable he will resume his place at
its conclusion.
The charges are that Morris has been
filching from the fee drawer. The only fee
Morris takes from the attorneys is the fee
of $1 lor the law library, one that ac
companies every complaint riled. The
charges made against him. allege, how
ever, that he has been accepting fees for
attesting to notarial signatures for u.-e in
other States.
They amounted to some $.'SO or $40 a
month under the old regime of the ?1 fee,
and under the 50-cent fee proportionately
less. It was a small stake, if it were
played for at all, and the smallness of it
and the certainty of detection are argu
ments brought against the truth of the
charges.
0. V. Curry, the County Clerk, and
Marry Piper, his chief deputy, are both
ignorant of the facts upon which the
charges are based, and both had heard of
the charges only when they were pub
lished. As it result of the publication
Curry. Piper and Morns met last evening
and M orris was asked what he had to
answer, lie denied that the charges were
true, but Mr. Curry informed him that he
must be suspended until the matter had
been investigated. Harry Piper will in
vestigate, and it ia only a matter of look
ing through the records to establish the
truth or falsity of what has been alleged.
In the meantime William Dean will take
Morris' place.
GRANGERS` BANK LOSSES
Another Theft of $2000 Dis
covered in the Ledgers
Yesterday.
Payment of a First Dividend Disclosed
No Sign of Uneasiness — McMul
lin's Story.
The directors of the Grangers' Bank
were astonished yesterday when informed
by the expert accountant that another
defalcation amounting to $2000 had been
found in the accounts. The ledger was
short that amount when compared witii a
passbook in which William 'Wittland, the
absconding teller, had emend the item.
As in all the other instances of crooked
ness in the bank's books it was apparent
here that Wittland had avoided taking
note of the deposit on tags for that pur
pose, and which used to be passed to the
bookk eeper.
After a review of the books had been
taken a week ago the directors believed
they had learned the worst, but this $Juh'j
steal has shattered all hopes held a day
before. The Grangers' Bank had a large
country patronage from men who came to
town only at lonjr intervals with their
deposits. It is feared by Mr. La Hue, the
president, and the other members of tlie
board of directors that many losses will be
found in these country passbooks when
accounts are balanced witli the ledgers.
£o how juuch in all Wittland may have
stolen in the six months of his heaviest
operations can only bs surmised.
I'll to date the total amount of his de
falcations is $14,(jO"».
The story that Wittland might have
committed suicide was not taken seriously
by any of the director?. President La
Rue placed no faith in it whatever, and
stated, on the contrary, he believed that
Wittland had taken away a large portion
of the stolen money to some place of safety.
Payment of the first dividend in liquida
tion (3u per rent) commenced at 10 o'clock
Thursday morning and continued until
noon. The expected rush did ixrrt. come,
nor was there a heavy demand yesterday
between the same hours. Anotner divi
dend of probably l-'O per cent may be made
within a month.
Frank McMullin, the former teller, said :
yesterday : "It has been over three years
sine? I severed my connection with the
bank, and nearly all the money I owe was :
loaned to me as to other customers after I
ceased acting as teller.
"When 1 left the bank, I owed less than
$6000. This sum was not advanced to me i
till I had given security which wus passed
Upon by the board of directors and the :
finance committee, of which Mr-. La Rue j
was chairman. If, therefore, any one was
to blame for the loans not being sufficiently
secured, it was Mr. La Rue and his com
mittee, since they accepted the security.
"Now, as to those loans, I would" say
that there was nothing unbusinesslike in
the way they were made. There was '
property valued at $ls j OU) securing my I
loan of less than $<iOOO at the time 1 retired
from the bank.
"Naturally, I remnined a customer of
the bank after I left it. I wanted to borrow
more money some time alter I had left the
institution. I received $l»;,000 in checKs
and notes for which i gave my note?, >p
cared by $12,330 worth of the Bella Vista
Vineyard stock, :?Souo worth of the stock of
the Yolo Orchard Company, and the
Mojave de&ert land, which cost me .SIOOO.
"Mr. La Hue passed upon the security in
his double capacity as chaiiman of the
finance committee and director, and ap
proved it after it had been accepted by the
management.
"Then $(JOOO mo'e was borrowed. This j
was borrowed not by me but by the Bella I
Vi?ta Vineyard Company, of which I was I
the president and in which I held 177 of i
the 200 shares of stock. This vineyard i
cost $33,0<30 and was considered ample se- I
curily, and was such at the time.
"All the money I borrowed was used in
Improving the properties given as security.
The bank oflicials knew this was to bo the '
case. They did not iigure, nor did I, upon
the depreciation of land values and stagna
tion of the market."
ATTORNEY PIERSON ARGUES A POINT.
[Sketched bjj r a "CaU'Z «**s•]
LEVINGSTON'S POSITION
Attorney Pierson Argues That the
Executor Has No Stand
ing in Court.
THE SCHOOLTEACHERS' LEGACY
Mr. Delmas Is Given Leave to Amend.
He Says His Client Is En
titled to Contest.
Law and motion day in Judge Slack's
court yesterday afternoon was vne of more
than usual interest, though the courtroom
loiterers didn't seem to appreciate the
MR. DEI. MAS ARGUES THAT DR. LEVINGSTON IS LEGALLY QUALIFIED TO CON
TEST Till PROBATING OF THE WILL OF THE LATE SENATOR FAIR.
[Sketched in Judge Slack's courtroom bxi a "Call " artist.
fact, and the big guns in the legal world |
who gathered there to argue the merits |
and demerits of the demurrer liled by the ,
| executors named in the late Senator Fair's
| will of September 21 to tbecontestine peti-
I tion of Dr. Mure Levingston. talked mostly
: to enmty benches.
Attorney Pierson of Pierson & Mitchell,
, who represent Executors Goodfellow, An
■ gus, Bresse and Carothers, spoke to the i
merits of the demurrer. He began by !
citing the petition of Dr. Marc Levingston
to have the holographic will of September
24, 1S!»1, probated, and also the petition j
| claiming that ])r. Levingston "is a person :
! entitled to contest tlie probating of the j
i will of September :_'! of the same year." |
; Then he referred to the petition of the
> commissioners of the board of school
i teachers' retiring fund, who also sought to \
i contest the probating of the will of Sep-
I tember 21, they being devisees under the
i latter, but not under the former will.
Mr. Delmas of. Del mas & Shortridge, who j
| are of counsel for Dr. Levingston and j
! represent the Schoolteachers' ~ Commis- j
j sion entirely, inquired at this point
j whether tho argument of Mr. I'ierson
i could not be divided, as he preferred to
| address himself to each proposition
separately. It was finally so arranged, j
and then Mr. I'ierson went on to declare I
that Dr. Livingston could have no stand
ing in court as a contestant, for three
; reasons: That his petition did not set j
j forth facts sufficient to show a cause of
[action on his part; that he was not a
! legally qualified contestant, and that his
petition was not filed in due time.
Mr. Pierson held that the language of
section 1307, when properly construed, i
i prohibited an executor from entering into |
' the contest of another will, the language !
; of the statute being that "any person in
terested may appear and contest the will."
'•Then, again,'' said Mr. Pierson, "we
have here the petition of only one of these
executors. Only a majority of the execu
tors can act in any case. Even if their
will had Been admitted to probate, one ex
ecutor out of three would have no power
in himself to act in any manner concern
ing the estate.
Mr. Pierson turned his attention then to
the Schoolteachers Commissioners' peti
tion. He read the clause of the will of
September 'J4, wherein the sum of $~>o,ooo
is bequeathed as a fund for pensioning
schoolteachers, provided the Legislature
first establishes such a fund and commis
sion. Then he cited the law passed by the
Legislature in March of last year, and it
was apparent at once that the Legislature
had blundered. For instead of creating
one fund and one commission for the pur
pose of pensioning schoolteachers the law
creates no less than liftv-three of them, or
one for each county. Mr. Pierson argued
that, as there was no designation in the
holographic will, the court itself, were
that will probated, could not determine to
which of these fifty-three commissions the
money should be bestowed.
Whereupon Mr. Delmas asked leave to
amend this petition. He had read the law
but hastily, yet ne now felt confident that
he could so amend his pleadings as to
cover the objections raised by Mr. Pierson.
I Such time was granted, and so far as the
I arguments on the schoolteachers corn
i mission petition was concerned, an ad
journment was taken till next Friday
afternoon.
Then Mr. Del mas arose to discuss the
1 demerits of Mr. I'iersons demurrer to the
ILevinn;scon petition, and oeforo he had
eluded everybody saw that there were
sides to the question.
"> fur as this argument on the demur
is concerned, said Mr. Delmas, it is
litted that the will represented by Dr.
re Lovingston is the only genuine one,
that the will which he seeks to co'i
is spurious and a forgery, and jet the
ponents of a will that, for* the purposes
this argument, is admitted to be spu
is, come into court and deny the right
he proponent of the will that is admit
to be genuine to contest the spurious
will. Hence the only question to be con
sidered is, Can the executor of a genuine
will, revoking all former wills, come into
court and contest the probating of a forged
will?
To deny an executor such a right would,
Mr. Delmas declared, b*» shaking the very
foundations of probate principles and
equity. How can the executor of a gen
uine will get rid of a spurious will if not by
contesting the probate of it? Is not the
executor of a confessedly genuine will in
«ested in maintaining that will against
5 that is confessedly spurious?
Jnder the ecclesiastical English law,
from which our probate laws are derived,
the only person qualified to probate a will
wherein an executor is named is the ex
ecutor himself. What becomes of the
right of an executor to probate a genuine
will if a spurious will can be probated
ahead of the genuine will and he be not
permitted t,o enter a contest? The right
to petition for the probate of a will of ne
cessity involves the right to contest the
probate of a spurious will. The very tiling
of the latter will is in itself a contest of the
will previously tiled.
Mr. Delmas quoted numerous New
York and California decisions to sustain
his position, and among them the probate
decision in the case of the will of the late
Horacs Greeley. He had not ended his
argument when court adjourned until this
morning, when Mr. Delmas will conclude.
NEW TO-DAY.
§$5-1° TO $?5-
ELECTRIC
BELTS.
Others ask from . $20 to $75. Don't be hum-
bngged into paying exorbitant prices for Klectric
Bolts. Call and see us before purchasing.
Mail Orders Solicited.
Kxpressage Prepaid.
We are headquarters for
TRUSSES.
Prices $1.75 to $5.00.
We Guarantee a Perfect Fit.
OUR PHYSICIAN
Treats with success Catarrh, Rheumatism, Private
Diseases, Kidney and Liver Troubles. Nervous
Debility, etc. ..
WRITE TO US
Patients out of the city treated ai skillfully as
those in the city by writing for our question blanks
.No charge for advice or diagnosis.
NO PERCENTAGE PHARMACY,
933 Market Street,
I, ■ _^- South B lde, b^et. i^iilU up 4 oiitn.
KEW TO-PAT:
MUNYON'S
WARNING
STRONG DRUGS RILL MORE
PEOPLE THAN ALL DIS-
EASES COMBINED.
With Munyon's Improved Homeo-
pathic Remedies You Can
DOCTOR YOURSELF
No Poisonous Drugs— Nauseous Doses
— So Dig Doctor bills.
A Separate Cure for Disease. Ask
Your Druggist for Muuyon'i Gufde
to Health and Cure Yourself With m
2 5- Cent 3limyoi» Remedy.
Mr. F. Heitmann, ICGOJ4 Larkin street,
San Francisco, Cal., says: "I must "give
my testimony for Munyon's Blood Cure.
My scalp was a mass of sores from eczema,
and although I had the best medical at-
tention and tried all kinds of prescriptions.
I never received any benefit until I began
using Munyon's Remedies. A few bottles
of the Blood Cure removed every trace of
disease and made a complete cure. Prof.
Munyon may well be proud of his success
in San Francisco, for Munyon's Remedies
are given preference over all other medi-
cines ii» every drugstore."
Munyon's Rheumatism Cure.seldom fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c.
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms" of indigestion and stom-
ach trouble. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price Sic.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 25c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure cures all the
symptoms of nervous exhaustion, such as
depressed spirits, failure of memory, rest-
less and sleepless nights, pains -, in the
head and dizziness. It stimulates and
strengthens the nerves, and is a wonderful
tonic. Price 25c.
Munj'on's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 'Joe.
Munyon's Pile . Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c.
Munyon's Liver Cure corrects head-
ache, biliousness, jaundice, constipation
and all liver diseases. Price 25c.
Munyon's Female Remedies are a
boon to all women.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs are
guaranteed to relieve asthma in three min-
utes and cure in five days. Price. 50c each.
Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleanse and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Vitalizer imparts new life, re-
stores lost powers to weak and debilitated
men. Price $1.
Munyon's Remedies at all druggists,
mostly 25c a vial.
Your druggist will present you free with
a copy of the "Guide to Health," a valu-
able little medical publication that should
be in every home. .
Personal letters to Professor Munyon,
1505 Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., an-
swered with free medical advice for any
disease.
* -r
if. The January issue, of The Slack Cat (150,000 it
if. copies) was sold out in ten days. X
! The Black Cat I
£ *
* FOR £
* FEBRUARY |
-$C jf.
*■ CONTAINS SIX *
* *
I Tiptop I
I Tales I
* Mystery! Ghosts! *
* • ■■;:•- ::-*■
* Love I Adventure ! *
4c All original, all captivating, all copy-
•fc righted, all complete, and *
* •
| AH for *"% Cents. I
*
* ■ £
"♦* Of newsdealers. If yours hasn't It, and J
■* won't get it for you, art another neicsdealfr. "*
■¥ If you haven't a dealer, send us stamps lor ♦
■# "the most fascinating five cents' worth on "k
-ft earth." The shortstory Publishing Com-*
j( pan?, Boston, Mass. r
The "Woodland
Democrat" says:-
"Encourage public and private
enterprises and improvements.
They give employment to la-
bor—furnish a market to the
people around us, keep our
money at home, and will give
us good times all the . year
round." —
and we say "Amen."
These California
Shirts, the STAND- <| VitAoci I?
ARD, do not, how- 11 *»'■« !
ever, claim your pa- IJ^UJ, i V
trouage solely on that ji «ark.- 1 <
account, but for excel- 1! ]fj] ft ln| I<J
.• - lence as well. YH-Y-i
V* -TAT EElsN l s XI
VS^22Q MARKST SJ^J^pi^
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDUE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
rally and Sunday Caix, onrtt-refc, by carrier. .SO.IB
Dally and Sunday Cam , one year, by mail — 6.00
Pally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Sally and Sunday Cam., three months by mall 1.60
Daily and Sunday CUM . one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
K'iikly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
BUSINESS OFFICE:
10 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Wephone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS
517 Clay Street. '*
Telephone Main-187*
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery 6treet, corner Clay: open until
C :S0 o'clock.
889 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
717 I.»rk!a street; open until 9:80 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
mill 9 o'clock.
L Jib llisalon street: open until 9 o'clock.
lie Moth street ; «pen until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE «
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms 51 and S3, 84 Park Row, New Tor* City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent.
SATURDAY JANUARY 18. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
To-day we have the convention.
We must have a froe market, we will,
and we shall.
Where there is the courage to fight there
is always a chance to win.
The convention will speak in many
voices and utter but one sentiment.
Anti-funding resolutions must mean
that we are resolved as well as say so.
Cleveland has issued bonds enough to
give every voter a coupon on election day.
The free market movement moves the
home product a littler closer to the home.
We have now a chance to show Hunt
ington that corruption wins not more than
honesty.
Democracy is going to hades by way of
Chicago and few will deny that the route
is direct.
The gentle rain of one place was the ter
rific storm of another, and the world is
still kicking.
The rain clouds have been a good thing,
bat the time has now come to push them
along for a while.
We always attend to what Congress
pays, but this time Congress must attend
to what we say.
The third-term movement was in the
hands of a syndicate, and now the syndi
cate lias dissolved.
California asks of Congress no more than
the enforcement of the law, and will will
ingly accept nothing less.
It costs more to protect the gold reserve
than it would to provide proper coast de
fenses for the whole Nation.
The farmer has his innings on the earth
now, but the earth will coniß back at him
and give him work to do at harvest time.
The proposed free market would help
the home market for both the seller and
the buyer, and it behooves both to help it
along.
The St. Louis convention will be held
only a little ahead of the one in Chicaeo,
but the work done will be a long way
ahead.
Boies of lowa says the Democrats can
find a Presidential candidate without much
trouble, and, of course, that means Boies
is not hiding.
Britain came out of the war flurry with a
flying squadron and perhaps if there had
been a war sue would have emerged with
a squadron flying.
With Cleveland, anything: that leads to
a bond issue is good. He is even willing
to be enough of a jingo to buy Cuba and
annex it on* that basis.
Ali sections of the State will have dele
gates at the convention, but it will be the
unity of California, single and undivided,
that will be represented.
One of the things Congress should do by
a unanimous vote is to give Secretary Her
bert the 1000 additional men he asks for to
supply full crews for the new navy.
The one object before the convention to
day will be to devise means to defeat the
funding bill. Whatever step is to be taken
next can be decided on when the time
comes to take it.
Some folks may say San Francisco lost
the light for the National Convention, but
ihe world will take notice that the conven
tion fights have gone off and San Fran
cisco holds her own.
The committee to which was referred
the resolution affecting Bayard ought not
to be lost in the shuttle, nor should it come
back without a report big enough to be
heard across the ocean.
It was a Chicago mob that howled down
the opposition to Cleveland in the Na
tional Convention four years ago, but the
Chicago people have learned a little lesson
since then and history won't repeat itself
this time.
If the railroad has any agents in the con
vention to-day they will endeavor to in
duce it to adopt such extreme resolutions
as will render it ridiculous, or to involve it
in a debate over details that will result in
confusion.
The professors of history and interna
tional law at some of our universities are
to-day denouncing the construction given
by Congress to the Monroe doctrine, but
those of to-morrow will be citing it as a
patriotic precedent.
There should be no dissensions among
the representatives of the people over dif-
ferences of opinion as to the best means of
defeating the funding scheme. The railroad
forces are solid, and those of the people
must be united to meet them.
If all the clubs and social organizations
of the City should agree to follow the ex
ample of the Art Association and hold a
Mardi Gras masquerade this year, the
combination would make a festal variety
big enough to be called a carnival.
It is now asserted that the late Secretary
Gresham made the first move in the Vene
zuelan policy that Cleveland has lately an
nounced, and also that he chafed because
the facts in the Corinto episode did not
give him an opening for calling Great Bri
tain to account,
THE LAST OPPORTUNITY.
Whether California s-hnll prosper or
Stagnate in the coming years is a question
soon to be determined by the Congress of
the United States. Wo have sufficient con
fidence m the integrity and intelligence of
that great body of representative American
citizens to believe that if they can be made
thoroughly to understand the inevitable
results nf passing the funding bill, th*y
would crush it without hesitation. The
convention of representatives from all
parts of California to be held in this City
to-day has been called for the purpose of
informing Congress on the vital and far
reaching cnaracter of the proposed legis
lation.
We are to make an appeal to theloyalty
and fraternity of the great Nation of which
we are a part. Our demand is based on
the strictest justice. We have only to in
struct the country at large concerning the
relation of California to the prosperity of
the whole people and the ruinous effect
any funding bill would have on every hope
and possibility of making California de
velop its highest efficiency in contributing
to the happiness of the Nation.
The passing of % funding bill would
mean a perpetuation of the monopoly
which has retarded the progress -of the
State; would increase the burdens which
already have prevented our broad, shining
and fertile acres from receiving the dense
population which would have tilled them
had the power that has kept them vacant
been used with wisdom ana justice; would
condone one of the grossest wrongs ever
perpetrated on a civilized government;
would practically render the introduction
of competing railroads an impossibility;
would increase the political power of a
strong private interest, which notoriously
has been able in the past to keep a linn
hand not only on the State and minor po
litical affairs of California, but also on
public policies of National importance;
would be an encouragement of the present
tendency of great railway corporations to
unite for the purpose of controlling the
commerce ana prosperity of the Nation ;
would add to the difficulties of construct
ing the Nicaragua canal, and would nullify
the splendid natural advantages which
California enjoys as the westernmost
outpost of the Unitea States, fronting the
rapidly developing resources of the Orient.
It is to the interest of the Nation to en
courage the growth and settlement of Cali
fornia, and it is to the interest of Califor
nians to fight for their homes and indus
tries. The blow which California would
receive from the passage of a funding
bill would fall also upon every State west
of the Rocky Mountains. This is a vast
and noble empire, and we are now tight
ing earnestly for its freedom and advance
ment.
In this contest for the enforcement of
law and the protection"of the public wel
fare, the convention that meets to-day has
an important part to play. Much depends
upon what it shall do and wnat it shall
leave undone. Aggressive it should be,
but not beyond the bounds of a wise con
servatism. It should confine itself strictly
to the object for which it was called — that
of devising means to defeat the funding
scheme. That task is sufficiently difficult
to tax all our energies at present, but it
can be accomplished if attention is not
distracted to other things.
It is certain that if there are any agents
of the railroad in the convention they will
do all they can to confuse the defeat of the
funding scheme with other issues. If they
can bring about this confusion, one of two
things is likely to happen. Either the
convention will be led to adopt resolutions
too radical to receive general support, or an
acrimonious debate will be aroused which
will result in dissensions and weakness.
These dangers can be met by a simple
resolution of the convention to stick to the
object for which it was called. The issue
is to defeat any funding scheme that may
be devised, and we should not turn from
that issue until the battle has been fought
out and the victory won.
A DILATOEY CITY.
There is as yet no indication that the
Board of Supervisors intends to offer any
encouragement to the establishment of a
free market, but it is gratifying to observe
that the State, through its intelligent and
progressive Harbor Commission, has come
forward with a very handsome offer. It is
that section 4 of the seawall, at the foot of
Front street, containing a large shed ade
quate for the purpose, will be placed at the
disposal of a free market, only such trifling
charges to be imposed as will reimburse
the State for current expenses. These
charges will be in no sense a burden.
The proposition from President Colnon
of the Harbor Commission to the commit
tees of the Merchants' Association having
the matter in charge is to place the grow
ers of country produce on a level with
grain-growers. That is to say, they may
have space for displaying, selling and stor
ing their wares for a certain number of
days, say from three to five. This will
give them ample opportunity for disposing
of their produce. As W. H. Mills has
pointed out, such a market would be a
continuous fair; as an exhibit of the best
products of the State it would have a valu
able ulterior importance.
The liberality of the Harbor Commission
in offering this excellent facility does not
overcome the difficulty indicated by The
Call in a recent issue — the remoteness of
the market from the centers of popula
tion. Still such a facility would serve a
most useful purpose as a headquarters.
The City could ensure the perfection of the
scheme by providing facilities in one or
more places in the center of town for sell
ing the produce. The deduction from Mr.
Mills' argument in favor of the water
front is that such a location would be suffi
cient in view of the very large proportion
of the population living in hotels, board
ing-houses and restaurants, as these es
tablishments would be heavy buyers and
would alone be sufficient to maintain a
free market.
There are thousands of families, how
ever, that are as much entitled to the ben
efits of a free market as are those living in
public establishments. It would be econo
my for them to pay carfare and lose con
siderable time in visiting a free market
situated one or two miles away. The be?t
policy of the City is to -encourage house*
keeping, to the end that homes will multi
ply and the population be rendered more
stable and contented.
The Supervisors hhould be at least
abreast of the Harbor Commission in tak
ing steps to forward this important under
taking. Let us have a grand central free
market on the water front, bnt let us ex
tend its usefulness by establishing one or
more branches throughout the thickly set
tled parts of the City.
COMPULSORY EDUCATION.
The Board of Education of this City is
considering the idea of laying its hand on
one phase of an old and annoying problem,
the compulsory education of certain classes
of children. The case is not so broad as
that represented by a general scheme of
compulsory education, but it partakes
somewhat of the essential character of
that proposition. Compulsory education
has been tried in various parts of the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
United States, but as it runs counter to the
general principle of personal liberty it has
never proved popular.
And yet the logic of the matter is
this: Crime is largely due to ignor
ance. It is better to prevent crime by
enforcing education than to punish it
with jails and penitentiaries. If the
state has the inherent right to punish
crime, it ha* the inherent right -to pre
vent it; and if ii has the right of regula
tion over those things which if left unre
stricted would conduce to crime, it has the
right to the exercise of the corollary of
that proposition, and to educate the
people above the plane of crime.
But that is carrying regulation of per
sonal conduct beyond the border line of
paternalism, and this is not a paternal
Government. Applying the educational
idea to the present case, the proposition is
that vagrant and uncontrolled children
will inevitably develop either into crimi
nals or vagabonds, and hence must sooner
or later become charges upon the public,
and tlrat if, after proper trial and convic
tion, they are consigned to a place of con
finement, it is better to educate them there
than keep them in idleness.
This idea has found universal accept
ance and is one of the best achievements
of recent years. The prevalent plan has
been to teach the children a trade; the
more advanced is to place them under the
jurisdiction of the public school system
and educate them. In a sense this is com
pulsory education with a limited applica
tion, and there is everything to recom
mend it.
PEOMPT ACTION NEEDED.
The arrest of American citizens in the
Transvaal, by what seems to be an unwar
ranted and purelj arbitrary process, im
poses upon Secretary Olney the duty
of prompt and vigorous action for
their protection. The case is one
of extreme urgency. It is a thousand
times more important and more pressing
than the emergency in Venezuela. There
is Jife as well as liberty at stake in this
issue. There is no telling what the Boers
may venture to commit against the pris
oners they have taken if they believe
them to be defenseless and without the
protection of the American Government.
Under any circumstances the arrest of
American citizens in a foreign country,
without due process of law, would be an
offense justifying the immediate inter
ference of our Government, even to the ex
tent of demanding redress at the cannon's
mouth.
In the present case, however, the offense
is particularly aggravating. The Amer
icans arrested in the Transvaal are mostly
California miners who went there solely
to assist in developing the mines of the
country. They have had no part or parcel
in the British schemes of aggrandizement
and yet they have been arrested as if they
were the chief offenders.
The followers of Jameson taken with
arms in their hands have been treated
with leniency under pressure from Eng
land ; but American miners, arrested with
out cause, imprisoned without a hearing,
have been harshly dealt with, and are in
actual danger of being put to death.
The story touches California closely, for
some of her worthiest citizens have kins
men among the imprisoned and imperiled
men. It affects, however, the whole
Nation as well as our own State.
The National honor is at stake. If Mr.
Olney has a particle of that vigor with
which he has been credited, he should
show it at this crisis. There should be
no indirect appeals through the British
Government. The United States should
speak direct to trie Transvaal. Through his
Secretary of State, President Cleveland
ought at once to demand of President
Krueger protection for the lives, liberties
and property of the imprisoned Americans,
and make the demand with a force that
cannot be mistaken.
THE FLTING SQUADRON.
1 he British flying squadron
Flew up Bantry Bay,
And peer and knight with broad delight
Primed glass on that array.
Saidoni 1 : "If blarsied Yankees
Should gel a glimpse of these.
They'll drop demands mid throw up hands
lo them that rules the seas."
His eye tliPn winked the eagle;
Said he: "The bluff is rank !
It's twice you've tried 10 override
In vain the gentle Yank !
He doesn't shine in warpaint-
He's stuck on peace— but then—
You'll know your ships have met eclipse
If yon tackle him again!
In Bantry Bay your squadron
May cbarm both peer and knight;—
If you're bound to scrap, we'll change the
map,
And thrash you out of sight!"
C. D.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Two American missionaries guard the King
of Korea at night.
J. Milton Turner, ex-Minister to Liberia, now
in Washington, is said to be the first negro ora
*jt in the United States.
Bishop Cyrus D. Foss (Methodist) has been
elected president of the board of trustees of
the Baltimore Woman's College.
Senator "Joe" Blackburn's most valuable
helper in his campaign for re-election to the
United States Senate has been his daughter,
Miss Corinne Blackburn.
The successor of the Sultan of Turkey in the
event of Abdul Haraid's deposition would prob
ably be his youngest brother, Raschid Effendi,
who is practically a state prisoner at' the
palace of the cheragan.
Mrs. Catharine Parr Traill, now in her
ninety-third year, the only living sister of
Agnes Strickland, is living on the banks of the
Otonabee, at Lakefield, Ontario, Canada. She
is an enthusiastic naturalist.
One of the great hunting ffats of the year
was that of George E. Farnham of Canaan,
Me., who, recently, entirely alone and while
standing in the wagon holding his frantic
horse with one hand, shot two very handsome
deer.
When elected President Lincoln was 52,
Grant 49, Hayes 54, Garfield 4,9, Cleveland 48,
Harrison 55. The ages to-day of the most
prominent candidates for the Republican
nomination are: Morton 71, Allison 60, Har
rison 62, Reed 56 and McKinley 51.
Banker Gosling, who died recently in Lon
don, left $4 ,500,000 to be divided among seven
sons and seven daughters. He was himself
one of twelve children, and represented the
fifth generation of bankers of his name who
had carried on the business at the Three
Squirrels, opposite St Dunstan's Church, in
Fleet street for nearly 250 years.
FLAG OF A GREAT COMPANY.
The British South Africa Company has ac
quired, under a so-called grant, a territory ag
gregating over 600,000 square miles and com
prising the division known as Mashonaland,
Matabeleland and Bechuanaland. Over this
section of the earth they have exercised,
through the directing hand of Cecil Rhodes,
almost sovereign power.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Or. Maximilien Schumann, the famous natu
ralist ana explorer, who is here en route to
Thibet to make explorations and also to col
lect orchids for the Baroness de Rothschild,
lias lately mßde some experiments with the
poison of rattlesnakes and copperheads that
are of great interest in a scientific way.
He has tried the poison on spider-monkeys,
chickens, pigs, the mongoose and various
other animals. Some of these experiments
were in Chihuahua, others in Texas and others
in South America, where he recently was.
Talking about the poisons of different rep
tiles and their effects, last night at the Occi
dental he said:
"The crotalns polystious, or Mexican rattle
snake, inhabits the central tablelands of
Mexico, but seldom reaches over two or two
and a half feet in length. It is called the
'vibora de cascabeP by the natives.
"Its poison is not quite so strong as that
of the 'crotalus durissus,' but nevertheless
causes paralysis and oftentimes death.
"The following embraces some of my expe
riences in a scientific way during my sojourn
at the Hacienda San Diego de Quintanilla,
State of Tlaxcala, Mexico: «-«■*
"A portion of dried poison, about half of a
graiu, kept by me for more than two months,
was diluted in thirty drops of pure wßter.
After twenty-four hours I reduced this poison
to half a dozen drops by heating carefully the
whole. I then injected three drops into the
pectoral muscle of a one-year-old chicken,
taking, naturally, care of avoiding any neigh
boring viscera.
'•This experiment was made at 9 a. m. of June
18. For more than a quarter of an hour I
could not see any symptom of the action of
the venom, when at 9 :22 o'clock a feeble tremor
resulted, indicating something abnormal.
Dr. Maximilien Schumann, the Naturalist
and Explorer.
Fifteen minutes later other symptoms of a
stronger nature appeared, followed subse
quently by motions of the bowels. At 9:55
the chicken was leaping like drunk, and ex
actly after one hour and forty-eight minutes
of excruciating pain, oper.:ag convulsively the
beak, the poor fowl died.
"Some time ago a well-known San Francisco
journalist asked me if there \tas any sure
remedy against a viper bite. I said there was
none, and I also stated the experiments of dif
ferent American naturalists and of myself. Of
course there are people bitten by a poisonous
snake who recover. That is true; still there
are a great many conditions to betaken into
consideration, as, for instance, the species of
the snnke, its state, age, sex. Then the state
of the victim, if sound or affected by any kind
of sickness, the nature of the wound, the quan
tity of the injected poison, the quality, etc.
'Here are, in a few lines, the results of ex
periments which I made in Booth America,
showing the rapid effect of the venom by
means of the active ciiculation of the blood,
driving 250 pounds of that alterated and inal
terated blood through the heart in an hour.
"The prehensile tail of a spider-monkey
(atebes melanochir) given to me by an Indian,
was held by a long forceps and the end pre-
Bented to a 'trigonocephalus lanceolatus," the
so-called 'fer-do-lance snake' infesting tbe
swamps and sugar plantations in the South.
Fifteen seconds after the bite I had the long
tail amputated at the base. Against my pros
pects the monkey showed after eight minutes a
kind of uneasiness, which symptoms, however,
I put on the account of the operation. A char
acteristic move of the bowels, soon followed by
tremors, first taught me the unexpected action
of the poison. Iv convulsions, with* terrible
rictus in the face, and after exactly 1 hour 10
minutes of hardships this unknown victim of
experimentation died, a good warning for my
self and my traveler servant assisting at the
performed operation.
"I should say that from that time I was by
far more careful and suspicious about han
dling and catching poisonous snakes.
"Until very recently it was almost univer
sally supposed that the poison of the 'ancis
trodon contortrise' (copperhead) or that of the
common rattler had no effect on the swine,
just like those who say that the East Indian
mongoose (herpestes javanicus and H. urva),
a kind ot an ichneumon, better known as crab
eating ichneumon, black with a white or light
yellow rine near the end of the long hairs, can
outhold with impunity the bite of the most
terrible 'optiophagus claps,' the feared cousin
of the naja tripuians (cobra di capello) of
the impenetrable jungles.
"I think those errors mignt be attributed in
a large Fcaie to the aversion which common
people always feel for cold reptiles in general
and for snakes in particular. This feeling is
able to account when combined with the en
tire credulity usually shown In such matters
for the many strange talks circulating in our
schoolbooks and leading newspapers, giving an
entirely false idea of nature and natural his-
tory.
"A last but very instructive and very in
teresting experiment was done by me some
months ago in Texas in trying to kill
a pi* between forty and fifty pounds
In weight with the fangs of an eighty
five centimeter long rattlesnake. 1 ap
plied the.fanga on a. fleshy part of the body
and after five days, the wound stinking utter
ly, toe hog was found dead in the corral. The
mongoose, if bitten in the leg by a cobra, will
surely die and in a short time; but, of course,
those snake-fighters, whatever the name, hog.
mongoose, road-runner, etc., are well fitted
against their dangerous enemy by a great
agility on one part and by a protective cara
pace on the other.
"When I was traveling in the Ahuasteca
veracruzana I had the opportunity of Deing
called to a little nine-year-old boy, bitten by
an 'claps corallinus' bigger in size than the
'elapn euryxamhus.' The wound was on
the big toe and there was a swelling »vith fever.
In making a crucial Incision I applied a sponge
with ammonia-saturated bandnge to the toe
and over the entire foot.
"Then I prescribed ammonia with liquilla
(Mexican agave brandy) in pronortion from
1.5 ounces taken with bicarbonate of soda di
luted in water. Ten doses has proved to me
a fair result, and when I left the child was al
ready safe.
"Without any doubt there are much better
prescriptions than the above one, but that
one has the advantage of being generally
found in the poorest settlement where men are
living together and in the saddle-pockets
of every traveler."
VIEWS OF WESTERN EDITORS.
The rack of Foresight.
Los Angeles Civic Review.
Ballots are needed, not bullets. If we had
voted against Rnglish subjugation of America,
there would now te no need of talking about
war.
The Deadly Football.
.Los Angeles Express.
The college professors who are inveighine
the horrors of war. say nothing about the ter
rors of football.
War and Rations.
Astoria News.
It requires for warfare vast military equip
ment, but more it requires stores. Soldiers
must eat in order to fight. From this it would
follow that nations which produce the most
could stand the largest siege of war.
Competent to .Fill the Bill.
San Bernardino Times-Index.
There are any number of Republicans who
are willing to accept the Presidential nomina
tion, and what is better still, they are compe
tent to fill the bill and administer affairs with
out financial aid Irom England.
Revival of the Mining Industry.
Delano Courier.
There will be a big revival in the mining in
dustry in the Golden State during the present
year. Many valuable pieces of property long
permitted to remain idle will be opened up,
and new diggings in many sections will be
worked on a scale more extensive than has
been the case during the past twenty-five years.
Ttys is an industry in which there is no foar of
overstocking the majket with the product dug
from the ground.
PERSONAL.
Dr. W. F. Wyad, of Sacramento, is at the
Grand.
Ex-Judge H. C. Bond of Seattle is at the
Palace.
Dr. W. W. Hitchcock of Los Angeles is at the
Palace.
Dr. S. Bishop and wife of Reno, Nov., are in
the city. ■
J. A. Wilsoii, a mining man of Red Bluff, is
in town.
Dr. F. D. Bickford of Osrden is among recent
arrivals.
B. S. Little, a business man of Eureka, is at
the Russ.
Dr. C. A. Buggies of Stockton arrived here
last night.
D. A. Ostrom, the Senator from Yuba, is at
the Grand.
11. C. Henry, a railroad builder of Seattle, is
in the City.
J. I. Harrington, a mine owner of Nevada, ia
in the City.
James Seawell, a wholesale butcher of Sacra
mento, is in town.
R. K. Truitt, who owns the theater at Healds
burg, is at the Russ.
Ex-Congressman A. Caminettl of Amador
County is at the Lick.
Dr. George Tucker Smith of the United States
navy, is at the Palace.
H. M. Yerington, the railroad man, of Car
son, arrived here yesterday.
J. D, Putnam, a business man of Los Angeles,
is among the recent arrival?.
Ex-Congressman Marion Cannon of Ventura
County arrived here yesterday.
W. 11. Dixon of Ogden, one of the ablest at
torneys of Utah, is on a visit here.
K. K. Skinner, who is engaged in the drug
business at Eureka, is at the Grand.
i The Rev. Dr. Eli McClish, pastor of the
:Wethodist Church at Napa, is in town.
C. C. and F. M. Collier of England, who have
been on a tour of Australia, are at the Palace.
W. C. Sand, the widely known cattleman of
Arizona, has arrived here. He will remain a
week or more.
David Starr Jordan, president of the Stanford
University, arrived here last night. He is at
the Occidental.
Postoffice Inspector Erwin ha 3 been
granted a three weeks' Ipave of absence. He
left on a visit to Chicago yesterday.
H. A. Merriam, who a few years ago was one
of the foremost men in the manufacture of
condensed must from California grapes, at
Calistoga, is at tbe Grand. He formerly lived
at Los Gates.
Among the arrivals here yesterday was Dr.
I. L. Ord of Monterey, the pioneer vho was
with Commodore Stockton at the seige of
Monterey. He saw the first American flag
raised over Mexican territory on the Pacific
Coa*. and witnessed the concluding acts in the
drama which culminated in the conquest of
California by the United States. The doctor
has never been able since to relinquish Monte
rey as his residence. He is too warmly at
tached to it.
Consul-General J. H. Mulligan of Samoa, who
is here on his way to his former home in Lex
ington, Ky., repeated yesterday that he was
away from Apia only on a leave of absence.
The statement was made in view of the fact that
correspondents in Samoa had Implied the Gen
eral might not return, and this impression had
gained currency in some quarters in Washing
ton. "If I was not going back," said General
Mulligan, "the Government would be paying
my expenses home, instead of myself. As it is
I have to stand my own expenses. No, I have
not resigned, nor am I going to. I will serve
out my term. One reason I am going home is
because I need a change of climate for a little
while."
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Among recent
arrivals are: W. A. Delano, Grand; F. J. Geary,
B. B. Thaycr, Hoffman; T. Parsons, St. Cloud;
Mrs. C. E. Hoxe, Astor; S. I. Wormser, Im
perial.
A THEATER OR EVENING COSTUME.
The round waist with blouse front dependent
from a. yoke is a model much used in making
evening waists. The one shown above was of
black chiffon over blue silk, the yoke being of
white lace. The bustelles and rosettes are of
plaited chiffon. The skirt worn with this waist
was of black crepon, made with eight gores
one in front, two on either side and three in
the back.
A Dresden silk waist had a yoke of white satin
covered with, creamy lace. China ribbons
formed a belt and col'ar and edged the yoke.
A waist of Cashmerienne silk had a yoke of
red velvet, overlaid with passementerie in
colors to match the silk. Red ribbons used as
bustelles, collar and belt finished this gorgeous
waist.
Waists less gay, and suitable alike for after
noon and evening wear are of the new silks
with shadowy flowers and foliage on rich
grounds of two tones, with, sometimes lines of
black satin. One in green, with roses in sub
dued pink, had a yoke of green velvet with
trimmings of plaited black chiffon in the
shape of bustelles as illustrated here. The col
lar was of plaited chiffon over the green velvet.
A gown of green crepon made after this
model had a plain skirt. The waist had a yoke
of pale greenish blue satin with white 'lace
over it. The sleeves were short puffs over a
plaited lawn sleeve.
A gown of brown cheviot had skirt sleeves,
waist back and yoke of the goods, the blouse
front being of taffetas in the new effect of
shadowy flowers on a two- toned ground.
A gown of black and green bondi wool had a
yoke of Persian lamb, with collar ana belt of
grass-green velvet, matching the green in the
goods. A striped novelty showing red and
green subdued by overlaying black threads
had the blouse of chiffon over green silk, the
yoke of green velvet adorned with crosswise
inch hands of Persian lamb. The same fur was
sewed in verical lines on the chiffon blouse,
live strips being used.
A gown of taffetas in brown and green, with
bright flowers half-perceptible, hail the waist
lining of pink silk. Black chiffon with ap
pliques of white lace formed the blouse, the
yoke being entirely of white lace. An inch
band 01 sable odgea the yoke. The collar was
of pink velvet, with an outstanding frill of
lace at the top. The waist may be fastened at
the left Fide, or only the yoke need be fastened
so, the blouse hooking in the center.
HOW TO PROTECT AMERICANS IN
ARMENIA.
It would be worse than useless to dispatch
United States ironclads and cruisers to the
ports of Syria and Asia Minor tor the purpose
of shielding from destruction the lives and
property of American missionaries in the far
off Armenian hiphlands. The first threaten
ing demonstration of our warvesselsintho.se
harbors would be instantaneously followed by
the massacre of our countrymen. Under the
circumstances the naval force at our disposal
would be tragically out of place in Levantine
waters, even if it were not imperatively needed
nearer home. A recognition of the Cubans as
belligerents may strain our relations with
Spain at any hour and, moreover, there is not
a trace of evidence that Lord Salisbury will
not persist in his bull-headed refusal to settle
by arbitration the Venezuelan boundary dis
pute.
Nevertheless, it is our duty to rescue our im
periled fellow-citizens in Armenia, if we can,
and there is a quick and easy way of doing it.
Let us appeal to the White Czar, in t-ie name
of our ancient friendship and In the cause of
outraged Christendom, to play the part of re
deemer and deliverer. He has both the power
and the will. For months he has had an army
cantoned on the edge of the Ottoman frontier;
let him give the word and in a week his legions
will have occupied the region in which Ameri
can missionaries and the remnant of Armenian
Christians stand exposed to extirpation. From
what Russia has done for Christiaus in the
past we can judge what she would be glad to
do in a yet more harrowing emergency. But
for her the Bulgarians would be still the vic
tims of Turkish savagery; and this is not Rus
sia's fault, but England's, that the Macedo
nians and Armenians are not to-day as pros
perous and free as the Bulgarians. It was the
envy and greed of Eneland that smashed the
treaty of San Stefano, thrust back the Macedo
nians under Moslem rule and gave the Arme
nian Christians, in exchange for the prospect
of religious freedom under the Russian sway,
the worthless and derisory promise of British
supervision and protection.— New York Sun.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Two Theaters— T. M. L., City. The Orpheum
has a greater seating capacity than the Grand
Opera-house.
A Xickf.l— D. C. J., Orangevale, Sacramento
County, Cal. There is no premium on a nickel
without the word cents on it.
Wages— D. C. J., Orangevale, Sacramento
County, Cal. The answer to your question
about wages was given in the issue of The
Call of December 20.
New York and Buffalo— P. R., City. The
altitude of New York City above sea level
is from 0 to 282 feet; that of Buffalo is from
573 to U33 feet above sea level.
Consumptives —V. B. Me, Duncans Mills,
Sonoma County, Cal. The southern part of
California is reputed to be the most desirable
part of the United States for consumptives.
Width of Straits— G. B. D., City. The width
of the-Golden Gate at Fort Point is a mile and
seventeen yards. The narrowest part of the
Straits of Gibraltar is nine miles, and the nAr
rowest part of the Straits of Messina about two
and a half miles.
Forgery— M. P., City. Altering the amount
of a check over and above vhat it was when
originally issued is as much forgery as if the
individual committing the act had written the
whole check,' including the placing on it of an
imitation of the signature of a person entitled
to draw a check.
The Noon Recess— L. R., City. On the sub
ject of allowing pupils of the public schools to
%o home during the noon recess, section 139 of
the rules of the Board of Education says:
"Pupils shall be avowed to go home to lunch
at the noon intermission, unless parents re
quest teachers to detain them."
About a Dime— A. C, Needles, San Bernar
dino County, Cal. The Answers to Correspond
ents did not some time la6t summer an
nour-ne that there was a preuium on a dime of
189*, but gave the information that a premium
was offered for any of the twenty-four dimes
coined in the San Francisco Mint during the
year 1894. These particular coins are not iv
circulation.
Foreign- Armies— m. C, City. The active
army and reserve of Germany is: Officers,
26, 449; non-commissioned officers and men,
1,848,300; non-combatants, 278,000; horses,
102,680; guns, 2070; vehicles, 3l,3oo. That of
France is: Officers, 23,920; non-commisMoni_'il
officers and men, 1,402,300; non-combatants,
21.000; horses, 115,541; guns, 2904; and
vehicles, 34,200.
The Liberty Bell— B. E. H., City. The
Liberty Bell was originally cast in London and
received at Philadelphia in August, 1732,
when it hung in the Pennsylvania State House,
afterward known as Independence Hall. The
bell was broken up and recast in 1753. It
announced the Declaration of Independence
July 4, 1776. It was cracked July 8, 1835,
while being tolled in memory of Chief Justice
Marshall.
Food for Disease— J. W. S., City. It is said
that certain articles are of benefit in certain
ailments. Celery is said to be beneficial in
rheumatism and nervousness ; tomatoes for the
liver; lettuce for insomnia; cranberries for
erysipelas; peanuts for indigestiou and dia
betes of the corpulent; watermelon for epi
lepey; onions for neurasthenia (nervous ex
haustion); ripe fruit to purify the blood; spin
ach for gravel and carrots for asthma.
"Chicken Feed" — E. S., Livermore, Cal.
"Chicken feed," a term applied to small change,
is of California origin, but who it was that first
used it is not of record. For a Ion? time in the
early days of the State no one handled any
coin smaller than a quarter. When in time
dimes and half dimes were introduced and
offered in change, the old-timers would refuse
them and declare that they did not want any
chicken feed, the coins being too small for
them to handle.
Is a Citizen— A. W. 8., City. The fact that
you came to the United States during your
minority and that during such minority your
father became a citizen made you a citizen at
the time you arrived at your majority. The
naturalization law Eays: The children "of per
sons who have been duly naturalized, being
under the age of 21 years at the time of the
naturalization ot the father, shall, if dwelling
in the United States, be considered as citizens
thereof.
Barbers' BIQK— J. A. S., City. In ancient
times barbers performed many miuor opera
tions In surgery, and in particular when bleed
ing was necessary and customary it was to the
barber that the patient applied to be bled.
To assist this operation it being necessary for
the patient to grasp a staff, a stick or pole was
always kept by the barber-surgeon, together
with the fillet or bandaging he used in tying
the patient's arm. When the pole was not in
use the tape was tied to it so that they might
both be together when again needed, and in
that state the pole and tape were hung at the
door of the shop as a sign. Afterward a pole
painted In imitation ot the real pole and band
ago was used, and at the top was nailed a
small copper bowl in imitation of the bowls
that customers formerly hold under the chin
when being shaved.
Not a Citizen— P. D., City. Had your father
become a citizen during your minority you
would, upon arriving at majority, If residing
in the United States, have been a citizen
thereof, but as he only declared the intention
of becoming one and did not take out final
pacers he is not a citizen. You, however
come under this section of the law
Any alien of the age of 21 years who shall have
resided in the United States three years "next pr£
ceding his arriving at that age, and who has con
tinued to reside therein to the time he may make
application to be admitted a citizen thereof may
after he arrives at the age of 21 years, and after he
has resided five years within the United States in
cluding the three years of his minority, be admitted
> citizen, but he must make a declaration on oath
and prove to th« satisfaction of the court that for
two years next preceding It had been his bona-flde
intention to become a citizen. 7
Nor Worth a Continental— S Liver
more, Cal. Not worth a Continental i's a con
traction of -not worth a Continental dam "
which was used during the days of the Revo
lutionary War to denote the value that was
placed on continental bills when they
came ■ into disrepute. in olden times
tinkers used a small piece of dobeh
or paper .to place on one side of a
hole in a piece of tinware when soldering it
and when it had served its purpose it whs
say th y a7 o^ lll^ 1 ? 0 when an one wished to
t>Z J^ v ? article or person was of no value
the expression '-not worth a tinker's dam" was
used. Then when the people refused to accept
fa ■ ■If you want a sure relief for.^ains in the back, side, chest o^
7 limbs, use an ..•■•■
S Allr m r r tr'c Porous I
| nilWUtl\ O Plaster 9
Z .. Bear in MiND-Not one of the host of counterfeits and imita, f
P tions is as good as the genuine. "•» auu umta^ V
came the phrase "not worth a Continental
dam." _____
Renewing . Oilstoxes-L. ,3. .. H.; I Solano
County, Cal. When an oilstone has been
raised so as to make it "smooth as *»""«•. "
ha* to be faced. This is done in the following
manner: Take a piece ol iron with even or
straight face (it ought to be planed); scatter
little emery or line sand, about as coarse as
r.o. 114 sand papt-r. on the Plito aaa
« littitT water and ruo the lace 01
the slo'ne, renewing . the emery or sand
and water requisite, linishms with an addition
of water without emery or sand This is the
quickest and truest way of making the , «tone
perfectly straight and requiring not more than
ten minutes to do the work in. It Is said i that
oil mixed with a small portion of turpentine
makes »i stone cut freely. No oil that . o iB - of a
vegetable character, such as olive oil, is fit for
use on a stone, neither is petroleum, me very
best mechanics prefer neatsfoot oil.
HUMORS OF THE DAY.
"Are they good friend! 7" "Oh, dear, no."
"Why not?" "They live in adjoining flits."—
Chicago Post.
Miss Priscilla Beacon— Yes, my ancestors
came over in the Mayflower.
Miss Anna Ceetorlew— Ah ! Among thee»rly
immigrants!— Philadelphia American.
"I thought you said that after twelve lessons
of an hour each I should know how to ride?"
Cycling Instructor— So you would, sir, if yon
hadn't spent the best part of the time on the
ground.— Tid-Bits.
Fussy— Oh, if I could only have a dinner lik«
those my dear old mother used to cook.
Mrs. Fussy— Well, it's a great pity your dear
old father never taught you how to carve. —
New York Tribune.
Miss Gush— Oh, captain, were you ever
boarded by a pirate '.'
Captain Storms— Yes. He charged me $11 a
day for a hall room on the fourth floor.—ln
dianapolis Journal.
"In Paris, I understand, the latsst fad is for
'impressionist' menu.-."
"I presume the idea is that the guests should
become accustomed to nightmares before leav
ing the table."— Chicago Post.
Magistrate— You've been before the court
several times before, haven't you?
Thirsty Theodore— Eight times.
"Weil, how do you find it?"
"Kather trying." — Spare Moments.
"They wouldn't hang a man for watering
his whisky in your State nowadays.would they,
colonel?"
"N-no,sah; I think not, sah. They wouldn't
do anything mo' than try him fo' heresy, sah."
—Detroit Tribune.
Father— Here is a check, but make a good tif»
of it. A fool and his money are soon parted,
you know.
Son— And therefore you would have me fol
low your example. I shall endeavor to doit,
sir.— Boston Transcript.
George— You do not call on Miss Rosebud
now?
Jack— Xo, I get disgusted. She has such &
coarse laujth.
"I never noticed that."
"You would if you'd been within hearing
when I proposed to her."— Pearson's Weekly.
Strono hoarhound candy, 15c lb. Townsend's.*
Mixed and broken candies, 10c lb, Townsend's.*
Citric horehound lumps, 25c lb, Townsend's.*
Townsend's special sale— Freeh cream mixed
candies, 15c a pound ; worth 35c. •
Special information daily to li.anufacturen,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
An English paper revives an old story about
Artemus Ward. When he was in London he
gave a children's party. One of John Brighi's
sons was invited and returned home radiant.
"Oh, pepa," he explained, on being asked
whether he had enjoyed himself, "indeed I
did! And Mr. Browne gave me such a nice
name for you, papa." "What was that?"
"Why, he asked me how that gay and festive
cuss, the governor, was," replied the boy.
Nervous troubles are caused by Impoverished
Wood, the nerves not being properly nourished
The way to cure nervousness Is to purify the blood
by taking Hood's Sarsaparilla.
Coughs and Hoarskness.- The irritation that
induces coughing is immediately relieved ho
using "Brown's Bronchial 2'roc/tc>." A simple and
safe remedy.
Use Dr. siejjert's Angostura Bitters, the world
renowned South American appetizer and invigora
tor of exquisite flavor.
Thtc plainest face becomes pleasing when
graced with beautiful hair, and Parker's Hair
Balsam greatly excels in producing it.
NEW TO-DAT.
REAL ESTATE
FOB SALE BT
Ttos. lap & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
UM TRUST BI'ILDHG, COMER i&ARfcET.
NEW PROPERTY.
Near Kast and Market sts.: 75x118:6: two
fronts: rents $225: fine investment ; only $40. 000
Valencia-st. store and flat, near 20th st.; rems
?3f> : $6160.
N£. cor, Webster and Hermann sts.; 37:6x87 -8'
$2800; easy terms. '
Corner residence. SO feet front, nr. California St..
in fine order; *12,000. '
MISCELLANEOUS PROPERTY.
City Hall lot, W. side of Market at. ; 25x 100 and
brick improvemeuts bringing small rental : $5S 000
Third st^ near Mission; brick building; leased
Clay st., near Davis; brick building; rents $180-
-good frontage: only $28,000.
♦58:9x137:6; north side of Xorth Point St., be-
tween Stockton and Powell; oue blocs from tho
seawall; only $6260.
Sixth st., near Brannan; 65x120: $10,000.
Pacific aye., near Octuvia; tine residence; 13
rooms and modern; in fir*: -class order; fine view
$ 11,500.
Fell st., facing the Park; 2 lots; 25x137 6; 93000
each: win be a fine residence street.
(iough-st. lots; 25x112:6: $4500 each; between
Grove and Fulton; street bltuminized.
Corner; 35:6x100: $3100: corner Fillmore and
Filbert; stone blocks on Htlmore and Filbert st.
sewered; a very desirable cheap corner.
I>evlsad-To st.; west side: fine view of the bay
34x100: bet. Green and Tnion: will be sold cheap
Union st.: north side; magnificent view; 27-tj*
137 :«; only $ l 2100; bet. Scott and Devisadero. In
Baldwin Park.
|m Saturday, January 18th.
In Direct from Bucks
County, Pennsylvania,
uj Pure, Sweet, real Apple
iw Cider, 20 cents quart.
f/M Complete lists at your command.
lIS Largest Department store.
Ma Smiths' Cash Store,
■** 414, 41 6, 418 FRONT ST, S. F.tßit «,„„ . (full
SATURDAY ~~~7..' JANUARY 18,1896
AMUSEMENTS.
rALDTviN Theater.- " An Unequal Match."
California Thkatek—" Hamlet."
Columbia Theater- "The Senator."
JJoropco's Opera-house— - A .Long Lane."
Tivoi.l OrKRA-HorsE.— or, The Man of
the \V heel."
OBPHJCUM.-Hlgn-ClasB Vaudeville,
biiovFß'H am .-••My rret-ious Baby."
f-moTTirr. CHtTTKS.— Dally at Halgnt street
lit I cck fast of the Park.
1 aci> ie Coast Jock kv Cr.rw.— Races.
AICTION SALES.
Eabton <t Kipbidge.- Tuesday. January 21
Real Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock
noon.
Baldwin* Hamvonk— Thursday' January 23,
Real Estate, at 10 Montgomery st.
CITY ITEMS IN BRIEF.
Pf rretsry Casey of the Free Library has re-
Mayor Sutro will present to the City a loca
tion for trie Pestbouse.
The Salvation Army's banks in saloons have
factory sum of money.
Rev. Hohart (.hetwond says the road to hell
from church entertainments is easy.
an Socialists discussed the South
ern Pacific Railroad and its methods.
Mrs. CharltOD and Mr. Rich, who eloped
from Kansas, have been released from custody.
:i was before the court yesterday
to answer bisex-wlfe's application for alimony.
Th- funeral service* of W. C. Rippey took
Erom Toner's undertaking parlors yester.
day.
At ihe IMnana inquest yesterday the Coroner's
jury censured the Market-street Railway Com
pany.
Pr. <;. F. Hanson's lecture on "Our Native
Flora," at Cooper Medical College, was well
attended.
mdy weather and showers" is the charac
weather predicted for to-day by the fore
cast ofE
The records of the local Health Office show
that in the your ending June 30, 18'.)5, 1335
more maic- tnan females dud.
The winning horses at Ingieside yesterday
were: Kh!!)^;!!, Ired Gardner, llaztrd. Ran
som, May McCarthj and Montaloo.
Ln the Fair will contest before Judpe Slack
. ent was heard on the demurrer
to the petition offered by l»r. Mark Levingston.
pb Kearney whs charged yeaterday with
,■ tin Ojeda'B house, hay
- een found with the plunder in his pos
rney J. D. Sullivan has Deen awarded
ssioua] services rendered by
:.:.- :rator of the
Blythe
The Finance Committee of the Board of Su
_■ municipal offices to
ascertain \ I • mployea draw pay
without working:.
The Arthur Kelly who was arrested in Oak
land : resterday is not the Arthur
Kelly formerly of L2s4fc uak street, and now of
-
reed by the attorneys to
full testimony contained in the
>>n the I'a
■idS.
will of Mrs. Mary Wilson, a
d woman who loft her estate to Mrs. H.
. a white woman, is threatened by
: the deceased.
bat Harry Morris, one
rk's deputies, has neen ap
and he ha> been suspended
investigation.
- rr Jordan delivered a lecture on
"The Evolution of the Mind" at (iqlden Gate
»st evening under the auspices of the
tia Psychical Society.
I of inquiry appointed to investi
bargefl a^ain.-t Captain Michael
utter Bear met in this
ly ami organized.
N. H. .-psuidins has petitioned the Superior
for a writ of mandate compelling the
Supen establish a grade on Liberty
street, between Noeund. Sanchez.
The Lincoln Republican Club installed its
officers for the ensuing year and he'd a sue
ci --,<::! h.i'h 'inks last night at its headquar
ters on Powell and Union streets.
Ihe Pacific Coast Amateur Athletic Associa
tion has summoned thirty-two athitusi and
cause why they should
professional athletes.
liuee of the
-Schiller Mono elation last
evening a committee was appointed to arrange
r ind ball, to take place in March.
In a criminal case before Judge Belcher yes
terday a witness in the case admitted that she
had, um'.er instructions irom an attorney, tes
tified falsely at the preliminary hearing.
Judg hs sustained the demurrer of
the water company to the complaint of James
F. Hill. The case Involved the obligation of
the company to supply sufficient water at tires.
W. K. ('tinkering, attorney for Frank M.
Smith, the "Borax King," has just returned
fiora Europe , where he made arrangements to
aispo^e of 6000 tons of borax during the cur
rent years.
iic-orge Greenzweig& Co., wholesale jewelers,
sterday on notes aggregating
reenzweig left for the East recently
,i-> in >uch a condition that
. likely be closed out.
K. F. Preston, attorney for the San Francisco
a Valley Railroad, will tiie a
d for rehearing with the Supreme Court
lo day in the matter of m curing a right of way
through th«- city of Fresno.
The motions to dismiss the indictment
:: Meyer were dismissed by Judge
yesterday and the defendant was ar
raigned on the indictment against him. For
the third time he pleaded "not guilty."
on motion of petitioners the writ of habeas
r by C. A. l:-.x and <arrie V.
C harlton, the eloping couple from Kansas, was
dismissed. They announced that the police
going to release them anyway, so the writ
was discnarged.
The contest between the Montana Central
ad < 'tun pan y and theown>T» of the <'hilde
Harold mining claim involving the title to the
jer depot of Butte, Mont., has
been appealed from Judge Beatty's decision in
the Federal <
A mass-meeting is to be held under the aun
pict-s or the Iroquois flub to protest against
the funding bill, and Governor Budd is to be
invited to attend and deliver an address on
' 'The Advisability of the Government Owning
One Transcontinental Railroad Line."
still auotber steal of $2000 was discovered
in the Grangers' Bank books yesterday, mak
ing Wmland's defalcations $14,000 to date,
with the country to be heard from. There has
been no rush for money on payment of the
first dividend of 30 per cent in liquidation.
The Catholic reading circles of San Francisco
will hold a two weeks' course of open meetings
Di Metropolitan Temple, beginning January
'J7. Archbishop Riordan, prominent priests and
Catholic laymen will deliver lectures, and
members of "the circles will read many literary
essays.
M. Bartino of 2154 Mission street was yester
day arrested for selling a quail, and Carlo dello
>lHfj?iori of 820 Valencia street for selling a
l season. The last day for selling
this game before the close season waa January
;,•■ complaints were sworn to by W. R.
Kearnfi.
Edward Bowers, a fireman on the steamer
Maxiposa, lying at the Oceanic dock, yesterday
afternoon, "while going on bos.nl and consid
eraUy intoxicated, fell into the bay. Some
! him out of the water and
I im up to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
Finding! of fact and conclusions of law in
the <ase of <rittPiiden Thornton and H. H.
Merzbacta Hpninst I. G. Wicker&ham and others,
ed by Judge Seawell some days
B <-d. The conclusions are in
accordance with the judgment previously ren
ind allow #1000 to Howard MaeHierry
and Barclay Henley, a; was set forth before.
A gai .g of young native-born Chinese has
systematically looting the mails of local
-•• tinns trom their Postoffice boxes, and
during th« r>a*t three weeks have succeeded in
- mid money-orders not their
■.mounting in the aggregate to about
rhe principal oileiider is one Sam
, whom the authorities are trying to ar
-
f riara Roncovieri. formerly Mrs.
fefts, against A. 3. Tens to secure ¥50 a
month for the education of her son, came be-
Daingerfleld yesterday. The Tefts
were divorced some time' ago and since then
. incori ri. Under the de
■ ewu allowed the- custody of her fon.
..<'- .: in climated at his father's
expense h: ; i1 hence the suit.
Ex-Senator Edward Nunan.an old Calffor
nian. died recently at London, leaving an es
■r.-tiiiii $100,000. Timothy Xunan.a
carpenter, residing at :ti<> I'owell street, it •
r, and, bo far m~ It known hi-re, he is the
only heir lo the big estate. The ex-Senator
*ras prominent lv politics ]n this City npward
"f ten >ears ago. Aside from his term in the
' isate he was a member oi the Board of
cupervisors.
WHO SCENE IN COURT
A Desperate Attempt Made to
Assault Police Judge
Conlan.
THOMPSON'S CRAZY OUTBREAK.
A Sensation Caused by the Old Man
Accused of Crimes Against
Young Girls.
Samuel Thompson, the gray-haired old
man charged with crimes against young
THE FRENZIED PRISONER WRENCHING THE LAMP FROM THE DESK.
girls, made a desperate attempt yesterday
to assault Judce Conlan in court. Thomp
son has three times tried to commit sui
cide since his arrest, and on Thursday was
examined by the Commissioners in In
sanity, who decided that lie was sane.
Yesterday his preliminary examination
was resumed in Judge Conlan's Police
Court. When he was taken into court
it was noticed that he seemed to be very
much excited, and glared at the Judge and
officers of the court.
Flora Bell Wilson and Maud Strauss had
testified. While they were giving their
evidence Thompson swore at them and
talked excitedly and incoherently. Mabel
Strauss was called to tiie stand, and while
Maud was signing her name Thompson
swore savagely at her and moved about In
his seat and grasped at the arms of tiie
chair. Then suddenly, without warnine,
ne sprang to the top of the table in front
of the clerk, grasped one of the big gas fix
tures, trying to wrench it loose and hurl it
at the Judge.
Then he turned to another lamp, and
partly broke that off when he was seized
by Officers Morris Bean, Bailiff Kelly and
others. Half a dozen police officers had a
hard struggle to handcuff him. He raved
and struggled furiously and irothed at the
mouth.
Judge Conlan ordered him taken back
and put in a padded cell. The Judge says
that he has chanared his mind now, and
believes that Thompson is insane. He
noticed that the prisoner glared at him
when he came into court, and then he ex
pected a scene.
Clerk Watson was not unprepared.
"When I arraigned him he was glaring
savagely, and I expected trouble," he said.
'•He kept on looking so savagely that I
concluded that I had better lookout. Sol
moved the mucilage-bottle to a place of
safety and started out of the room."
Had Thompson succeeded in breaking
loose one of the heavy gas fixtures he
would have had a dangerous missile to
hurl at the Judge.
Three of Thompson's little victims, who
were in the courtroom during the scene,
screamed and rushed out.
Judge Conlan says that the Insanity
Commissioners will have to make another
investigation before he will proceed with
Thompson's examination.
WILL DONATE A LOCATION
Mayor Sutro Agrees to Give to
the City a Pesthouse
Site.
He Will Thus Prevent the Building of
the Hospital Near the
Almshouse.
Mayor Sutro tninks he has found a way
out of the dilemma he finds himself in re
garding the future site of the Pesthouse.
He will donate a block of land to the City,
and thus prevent the Supervisors from lo
cating the objectionable hospital on the
Almshouse Tract in close proximity to
some of his valuable residence property.
The matter came up before the meeting
of the Health and Police Committee yes
terday, and the members evinced an in
clination to settle on the Almshouse prop
erty, which embraces some sixty acres, as
a site.
Mayor Sutro at once objected, and said
that the present building could be put in
good condition for $1000. The committee
would not listen to any such proposition,
however, nor would it hear of putting the
patients in a hulk anchored in the bay.
"Then," said the Mayor, "I think we
had best select a site on Angle Island."
Mr. Sutro was not at all abashed when
informed that General Miles had put the
stamp of his disapproval on any such pro
ject, but said that a site might be pur
chased on the bay shore. On his atten
tion being called to the fact that the Su
preme Court had decided that the Super
visors have no power to buy a site for a
Festhouse he said that he thought the In
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
dustrial School Tract would be preferable
to the Almshouse property as a site.
The members of the committee, how
ever, were not in favor of the Industrial
Bchool Tract, and iutimated that unless
means could be devised to procure a site
without paying for it they would settle on
the Aimshouse property.
Mayor Sutro'p face brightened up when
the talk of donating a site began, and he
finally said:
"Why, if that is all you want I will give
the City a hue site — a whole block, if neces
sary."
The committee could not express their
acceptance fa>t enough, and the Mayor at
once procured a map and began looking
for a suitable block. He soon pitched on
one in the sand dunes near the ocean", but
the committee objected on account of its
exposed position.
"AH right," said the Mayor, "postpone
this matter for two weeks and I will look
up a site that you will be pleased with."
This was agreed to by the committee,
the Mayor being given to understand that
if he could induce the owner of Shag Rock
to donate that islet to the City or could
procure a location near the bay shore,
either would be acceptable.
HE TALKED OF REFORM.
Dr. Martyn Discusses Essential
Factors in Municipal
Government.
Review of the Origin and Success
of the Movement in
Chicago.
Dr. Martyn, the Parkhurst of Chicago,
told something of what he knows about
j municipal government at a meeting of the
i Civic Federation in the assembly-room of
I the Mills building last nicht.
"What is a city?" inquired the distin
guished speaker.
"A city is a corporation," he continued,
"in which every citizen is a stockholder.
The Mayor and the Supervisors are a
board of directors. To them is intrusted
the preservation of law and order; they
are the safeguard of life, liberty and
property."
The speaker reviewed the old policy of
removing heads of departments alone
when the administration of the General
Government had c' anged. The routine
clerks h«ld their places.
"It was during Washington's adminis
tration," he said, "that parties took their
rise, and this policy lias continued down
to our day. Adams, Monroe and others
held that the qualification for office was
honesty, capacity and loyalty to the con
stitution.
"It was under the rule, 'To the victors
belong the spoils,' that Jackson turned out
his political enemies and put in his
friends. Such a policy would wreck
heaven and convert the archangel into a
wire-puller."
The speaker then cave a history of the
reform movement at Chicago, and declared
that there were no offices except those of
the chiefs of departments that were not
rilled according to civil service regulations.
He said that there was hardly a form of
vice that was not domesticated in Chicago
a year ago.
"The Civic Federation of Chicago," he
said, "began with a central council of 100
and finally the city was districted. Promi
nent bankers, clergymen of all denomina
tions, professional and business men, all
were brought into the organization, which
was as perfectly organized as any political
party in the city, and when we finished
our work there was not an open gambling
den in the city of Chicago."
Dr. Marty n spoke in praise of the Chi
cago press. He declared that the chief ob
stacles in the way of municipal reform
were iiquor, foreign immigration and pub
lic apathy.
J. M. Reynolds disputed the doctor on
these points. He said that the liquor
traffic in itself was an evil and not a cause.
Then he proceeded to throw a few single
tax bombs into the meeting when Dr. Dille
fell upon him.
Dr. Dille stated that the moral atmos
phere of San Francisco had cleared con
siderably during the last eighteen months,
and he felt that a clean-cut municipal
reform ticket could win out in Ban Fran
cisco.
TO ENFORCE A GRADE.
Mandate Asked by Property-Owners to
Compel Action.
N. H. Spaulding has petitioned the Su
perior Court for a writ of mandamus com
pelling the Supervisors to establish a grade
on Liberty street, between Sanchez and
Noe, in accordance with a petition aiready
presented to the board.
The complainant avers that there was
but one dissenting voice in the whole
vicinity when the petition was submitted,
and on this one protest the Supervisors
refused to establish the grade. It is further
charged that this opposition is due to ill
will and enmity, and the property-owner
who opposes lias been heard to say that he
will have the street cut down at least sixty
feet, and so destroy the right of ingress
and egress to petitioner's property.
An alternative writ was granted.
SLAVES TO RETURN HOME.
The "Blackbirding" Business of
the Steamer Montserrat
Revived.
A DISASTROUS EXPERIMENT.
Of Six Hundred Adults Taken From
the South Less Than Half
Remain.
The employment of South Sea Island
slave labor in the coffee plantations of
Guatemala and San Salvador has proved
to be a dismal failure. The natires per
formed the work all right, but the climate
was against them and many died. Out of
360 or 400 who came here from the Gilbert
group only 240 will go back. Of these 218
are adults, the remaining twenty-two
being children who have been born on the
coftee plantations.
Several years ago* the idea of importing
South Sea Islanders into Central America
was exploited. The coffee-planters were
pleaseu with the idea, and the brig Tahiti
was chartered to go on a "black birding"
expedition. She secured over 200 natives
in the Gilbert and Marquesas group 3, but
on the run to San .lose de Guatemala she
turned turtle during a gale in the Gulf of
California and every soul on board was
drowned.
The planters were not daunted by the
failure, however, and the steamer Mont
serrat was sent to the southern seas on
another man hunt. Captain Blackburn
met with many difficulties, as the native
chiefs were suspicious ana very few men
would volunteer to go into exile. By
means of presents and specious promises
about 400 natives were finally induced to
take passage on the Montserrat. These
were not all picked up on one island, but
from villages scattered all over the South
Pacific. Captain Ferguson, who ac
companied Captain Blackburn, was the
THE AMERICAN BARK HELEN W. ALMY THAT WILL TAKE THE GILBERT
ISLANDERS BACK FROM THE GUATEMALA COFFEE PLANTATIONS TO
THEIR HOME IN THE SOUTH SEAS.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
principal go-between, and had it not been
for him the natives would never have left
their island homes. Ferguson is an old
South Sea Island trader, and is known
from Fiji to the Gilbert group, and when
he said there waj no danger the islanders
lost sight of the fact that "iOO of their coun
trymen were missing, and gladly signed
contracts wnich sentenced them to what
| was practically four years of slavery.
Captain Blackburn delivered his cargo
at ban Jose d" Guatemala, but neither he
nor his vessel ever had any good luck
thereafter. Several ventures "he embarked
in failed, and finally the Montserrat, in
company with the steamer Keweenaw,
went down in a storm with all on board off
Cape Flattery.
Blackburn was under contract with the
Guatemalan coffee-planters to return the
natives to their homes as soon as their
term of servitude expired, but as both ne
and his vessel are gone some other means
of conveyance had to be found. Agents
came here on tbe Panama steamers sev
| eral weeks ago and attempts have been
I made during the past ten days to charter
] various vesseis. At one time it was said
i that the brig Percy PMwards had been
| chartered, but when the money question
came to be discussed the coffee-planters
would not pay the sum demanded.
Several other shipowners were tried,
and linally arrangements were made to
secure the" bark Helen W. Almy. She is
NEW TO-DAY.
" Pure and Sure."
Only rounded spoonfuls are required — not heaping spoonfuls.
an old South Sea Island trader that has
seen much service. Last season Captain
Luttrell refused to take her out again, and
she was tisd up in Oakland Creek. Yes
terday she was pulled out of the mud and
towed to the Merchants' Drydock, where
she will receive a thorough overhauling:.
Hunks for the natives will be put in, and
everything will be made as comfortable as
possible for the returning islanders.
The Helen W. Almy will be commanded
by Captain S. J. Wheeler, one of the oldest
and best known masters on the water
front. It was he who too* the steamer
Barcley Golden to Coquille River and back
to San Francisco, but when the agents of
Antonio I^zeta wanted him to take her on
a filibustering expedition to Ban Salvador
he refused. Whew the Aimy arrives at
Butaritari lie will land the natives and get
away apain as quickly as possible. Should
the bark remain any'length of time, there
is no knowing what the relatives of those
who died in Guatemala might. do.
Over 100 of those who left the Gilbert
group in the expectation of making a for
tune are missin<:, and there will be
weeping and wailing in many a native
home inconsequence.
After landing her living freight, the
Almy will go on a trading expedition, and
rumor along the front lias it that her re
turn cargo will be another load of "black
birds."
WANTS HIS SISTER'S COIN
The Will of a Colored Woman
to Be Contested by Her
Brother.
Mrs. Wilson Kept a Pacific-Street
Apartment-House Where Gay
Revels Took Place.
There is prospect of a contest over the
estate of Mrs. Wilson, a colored
woman who died in thi6 City in Septem
ber, 1894, leaving property valued at about
$50,000.
Mrs. Wilson was a colored woman of
rather nrepossessine appearance, and kept
a lodging-house on Pacific street that at
tained some noteriety owing to the gay
revels that took place there.
Mrs. Wilson prospered, and was during
her latter days possessed of a comfortable
bank account which was augmented when
her mother, a woman several shades
darker than herself, died, leaving a will
which bequeathed her daughter every
thing. The daughter invested much of
her money in Pacific-street real estate,
which advanced in value until it is now
estimated to be worth $40,000 or more.
Mrs. Wilson finally died, but before her
death she called in Attorney Joseph E.
Barry, now Justice of the Peace, and made
her will. She bequeathed her entire
estate, consisting of $8000 in bank and the
real estate, to Mrs. H. Chamberlain, a sis
ter of ex-Tax Collector \V. H. Ford, who
now conducts the Sutherland and Beres
ford apartment-houses.
Considerable surprise was manifested at
the time that Mrs. Wilson should have
picked out Mrs. Chamberlain as her sole
legatee, but it was accounted for on the
hypothesis that Mrs. Chamberlain had be
friended her at some period of her career
and that she manifested her gratitude in
substantial manner. The will was taken
into the Probate Court and the Public
Administrator took charge of the estate.
The settlement was apparently proceed
ing in a satisfactory manner r:hen word
was received by a local rirm of attorneys
in this City that the deceased had relatives
in her old home in North Carolina who
were making inquiries about the estate,
having learned that Mrs. Wilson was
dead.
Correspondencefresulted, and it was
finally learned that a negro who claims
to be Mrs. Wilson's brother was the one
who wa9 making inquiries. The brother
believes that he is entitled to a share of
the estate and will make an effort to get it
if sufficient grounds for a contest can be
found.
If the legal tight is inaugurated it will
probably be claimed that undue influence
was used to prevail upon Mrs. Wilson to
leave her property as she did. The fact
that the will was signed simply with an X
mark will also be taken into consideration
as tending to sjiow that Mrs. Wilson was
ignorant and cupable of being influenced.
Justice Barry, when spoken to about the
matter, said that he had heard that alleged
heirs had come to light, but declared his
belief that they were impostors and
would not face a court. He thought they
were merely trying to bluff the legatee into
a com promise. He thought that the prop
erty would be distributed without a con
test.
Goetze's Matrimonial Woes.
The cnse of John W.Goetze to annul his mar
riage with Dora Goetze was on trial before
Judge Sanderson yesterday, (ioetze claims he
married I>ora Winters because he was told by
a member of the oid Grand Jury that if he flid
not he would be indicted for seduction. He
now wants the marriage annulled because it
was contracted under duress and because his
mother's consent, which was necessary in his
case, had not been obtained.
Scott A HcCord,
Oftico and main warehouse removed to 615
and Gl7 Sixth street, near Brannan. •
ATTACHED ON BIG NOTES
George Greenzweig & Co.,
Wholesale Jewelers, Fail
to Meet Debts.
IN THE HANDS OF THE SHERIFF.
Greenzweig Borrowed Large Sums of
Money and Then Left for
the East.
The firm of George Greenzweig & Co.,
wholesale jewelers, at 2 and 4 Sinter street,
was attached yesterday on claims agyre
gating $33,638. Greenzweig himself was
in New York, and as his representative
here would not discuss the attachments it
could not be positively learned whether
the incident would be followed by failure.
The "Co." in the tirni'u name was merely
nominal, as Greenzweig had no partner.
The only one here yesterday who seemed
to understand the affairs was a bookkeeper,
who declined to make any statement re
garding the standing of the house in his
employer's absense.
It was only too easily seen, however,
from the nature of the attachments that
Greenzweig was in financial difficulties,
since in each case the indebtedness sought
to be protected by process of law was for
borrowed money. Since the first of the
year Greenzweig gave his note for large
sums; the balance was of long standing.
To recover them two suits were com
menced by Reinstein & Eisner yesterday,
one for H. W. Neubauer, tne other suit for
R. R. l'ogel it Co. of New York. The suit
of Neubauer represents $5000 loaned by
H. \V. Neubauer <fc Co. January 27, 1892,
with interest at the rate of 7 per cent.
None of the principal nor interest has been
paid. Neubauer is also acting in this suit
as the assignee of Scbwabacher Bros. 6c
Co., who held Georee Greenzweig <&j Co.'s
notes for the following amounts: $4000
borrowed April 15, 1885, with interest at 7
per cent; $2000 borrowed April 15, 1895,
with interest at 7 per cent, and $3000 bor
rowed April 11. 1895, with interest at 7 per
cent. Neubauer is also the assignee of \V.
H. Brewer, who held a note for $5000 bor
rowed January 7, 1896, with interest at 8
per cent. Also claims of the Bank of Cali
fornia representing $4500 loaned Greenz
weig on promissory notes, one January 7,
1 8!«5, for "s4soo, and" another executed Jan
uary 9, 1896, for $2500, both at 7 per cent.
The suit of Fogel it Co. is for $7658 33, a
promissory note executed by Greenzweig
January 9, 1896.
Attachments were levied upon the stock
in the store on Slitter street, upon Greenz
wei«'s home, 2322 California street, and
upon some lots in outside lands of little
value. The store was closed immediately
the Sheriff entered into possession, but an
estimate of the value of the stock will be
made to-day, and at the same time Rein
stein <t Eisner will bepin an investigation
of the assets and liabilities of the house.
It was believed by the attorneys that there
were otner creditors who would press
claims against the firm, but little or noth
ing could be done until insolvency pro
ceedings were begun.
It was supposed that Greenzweig was in
New York, but no definite information on
his whereabouts could be obtained. At
the Bradstreet Commercial Agency it was
learned that Greenzweig had maintained a
good reputation in the business comnm
nity and more particularly among whole
sale jewelry houses, for having paid his
debts promptly. The only reason thaj
could be advanced for his failure to meet
his notes was the depression in the jew
elry business, which for some time past
has suffered keenly and felt the effect of
dull times perhaps more directly than
other branches of trade.
BREAKING A BUTTERFLY.
Character and Practice of
Church Entertainments
Questioned.
Rev. Hobart Chetwood Says the Road
to Hell From Church Festivi
ties Is Easy.
" 'Breaking a Butterfly' for the benefit
of St. James Episcopal Church.' That is
the kind of a sign I saw on a public build
ing in San Francisco soon after I came to
the City. To say I was shocked at this ex
hibition of what at the least was bad taste
is putting it mildly," said Rev. Hobart
Chetwood. The Episcopal divine was
talking of the character of the majority of
church entertainments and the practice of
giving them.
Mr. Chetwood was the rector of St.
Paul's Church, Oakland, for eleven years.
Prior to that time he had charce of
churches at Banta Barbara and San Diego
and at Newburg, N. Y. He resigned the
charge of St. James mission, this City, re
cently because of the insistence of some of
its members in the matter of eiving enter
tainments for the purpose of raising
money.
'•Bishop Nichols and I understand each
other," said Mr. Chetwood yesterday. "I
: believe that he, like many other Bishops,
deprecates the practice of giving pay
; entertainments, but does not see exactly
how they can be dispensed with at this
time and in this place.
"I am with that Eastern Bishop who
j said : 'Our church is our spiritual mother.
! How would it seem to beg people for
j clothing for our mother?'
"I am opposed to pay church entertain
j ments on principle. I believe in a free
I church and a free gospel. But I have
j practical objections as weil. There are too
! many neart-burnings and bickerings as the
I result 01 church fairs. Fur instance, I have
| heard the remark : 'He lias a new suit of
I clothes. He wr.s treasurer of our chuich
! fair. One and one make two. 1
"I don't wish to be an extremist nor un
| charitable to those who believe in such
! things, but I Lave always got alone
without them and always shall. You re
member the Latin proverb, Facilis Descen
' sus Averni — 'the way to hell is easy.'
I That applies to pay church entertain
ments."
Mr. Chetwood is editor of the Pacific
Churchman, and points with satisfaction
to an article that paper quotes from Rev.
William Bayard Hale's strictures on mod
em entertainments, such as Trilby games,
and corked minstrels, contained in the
January Forum.
QUESTION OF JURISDICTION.
Can Police Courts* Try Cases at Indicta
ble Misdemeanor ?
The case of ex-Poundkeeper Tleming,
charged by the present poundkeeper, Os
borne, with libel, on trial before Judge
Conlan, was brought to a stop fora t.ma
yesterday by a writ of prohibition from
the Superior Court.
Attorney Cabanisa has contended that
the Police" Court has no jurisdiction in ttie
case, and the writ made returnable before
Jud^e Slack on Tuesday at 11 o'clock
raises that question. It is claimed that
the Police Court has no jurisdiction to
hear a case of indictable misdemeanor
where the punishment provided by statute
is in excess of $1000.
Judge Conlan has retained Carroll Cook
to argue in favor of his jurisdiction.
NZW TO-DAY-AMUSEMENTS.
rcOLAnOtR.GOTTLOD<* G>- ujitJAnDnAriMtßi---
-onlyT TWICE
V^lN L- I I MORE
THE SUPERB FRAWLEY COMPANY
J N,'
v 'f h e ; s » eN atort~
The Perfection of All Great American Plays.
SEATS— ISc, 25c, 50c and 75c.
Tuesday Next. .Tan. "THE ENSIGN."
|pßiffi*y j-j EMTR £ *l '? PP p s -
LAST 2 NIGHTS!
LAST PERFORMANCE SUNDAY MiiHT.
MARIE WAINWRIGHT
And a Carefully Selected Company.
MATINEE TO-DAY-—— "CAMILLE"
To-Night and Sunday Night,
"AN UNEQUAL HATCH"
Monday, .Tan. 2O— The Baldwin Theater
"Will Close for Two "Weeks.
Monday, Feb. 3 I i RAND OPERA.
THE TAVAR \_i 1 KAND OPERA CO. _
ffjlUFOKlin i^sgrt
THEATRE P « OP *-
LAST 3 PEKI ANCES '.
America's Representative Tragedian,
MR. LOUIS JAMES
MATINEE TO-DAY,
"ROMEO AND JULIET"
' TO-NIGH 1 "HAMLET"
Sunday— Farewell Performance,
"JIACB TH"
Next Week-"IX OLD KENTUCKY."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mks. i-ti.N 1 1 >. ii Kkkijvn Proprietor .£ ->l»a»iai
TO-NTIGrHT
SECOND EDITION
Of the Brilliant spectacular Burlesque,
\ IXIOKT.F
T KALEIDOSCOPIC VIEWS _
1 . OK J-
-0 THE HEAVENS. THE EARTH 0
*t AND THE SEA. j»
A TREAT FOR YOUNG AND OLD:
BKING THE CHILDREN !
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
DOLL MATINEE TO-DAY!
Dolls. Candy and Confectionery for Everybody.
"MY PRECIOUS BABY"
Matinee Prices— lOc, 15c, 25c.
TO-NIGHT
••THE WOLVES OF NEW YORK!"
PRICES— 10c, 15c, 35c, 35c and 50c.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
Sedley Brown's Great Pastoral Play,
"A LONG LANE!"
A Tale of Strong Interest
Dealing "With Modern American Life.
>VMUW Prjcm— 2sc and STo.
Family Circle and Gallery. 10c.
Usual Matinees Saturday ana Sunday.
| ORPHEUM.
O'Furrell Street, Between Stockton mal Pa^vtC
MATINEE TO-DAY (SATURDAY), JAN. 18.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10<3{
Children, any part, 10c.
REMARKABLE SEFaTTRACTMS!
A UNIFORMLY SUPERB BILL!
GILIYIORE AND LEONARD,
MONS. WM. ROBERTS,
MANHATTAN COMEDY FOUR,
AND
OUR ALL-STAR COMPANY.
NO RAIN? LOTS OF FUN
footing the Chutes and Tripping the Trolley
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
3Vtiisn3 SVEillio Viola,
The Empress of the Air,
Will Make a Walloon Ascension and
Thrilling Parachute Leap.
AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
ADMISSION 1O CENTS
Children (including aMerry-Go-Hound Kide),
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern PaclHc trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:10 and 1:15 p. m.
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric lino direct
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, W. 8. LKAKE,
President Secretary.
:-•■-.. ■ - . -
78
H. W. BOWMAN TO
FATHER YORKE
The A. P. A. Editor Writes
of the Condition of
Ireland.
A COMPARISON DRAWN.
Father Yorke Accuses Dr.
Wendte of Making False
Quotations.
HIS POSITION IS DEFINED.
Dr. Wendte Again Discusses the
Restrictions of the Catholic
Chancellor.
Tlio following communication addressed
to The <'\! l iso ted to the great
controversy by H. W. Bowman, editor of
the American Patriot :
Office of the American Patriot, )
810 Market street, |
To the F<lif>r of San Francisco Call— Hear
Sir: In still further illustrating the evil effects
cf Romauism we submit the following ; roofs:
Ireland furnishes a vivid illustration of the
fact that Popery and poverty, Protestantism
nnd prosperity are Inseparably related. While
the south of Irelnnd presents a scene of wretch
edness, the province of Ulster, in the north,
furnishes a strange contrast; Though warmed
by the same sun and watered by the same skies
this one province lias prospered while the
others declined. To cross the boundary line is
like eroding from a garden on one side to a
desert on the other. In the north industries
llourish and prosperity crowns the toilers. All
around assumes the air of social health, which
marks a civilized people. When you reach
T'lster you have passed from the' region of
filthy caDins and swarming •.■firs, ruined
vilifies and deserted farms, and you enter a
territory richly cultivated, studded with com
fortable" dwellings and thrifty towns. Such a
strange contrast begets the* inquiry: Why
should the north be more prosperous than the
south? Why should Scotland be prosperous
and Ireland a land of begrjrars? There is a
potent cause if we can only discover it.
Ireland until lately has been the land where
r. W\ B I
of the iir,<-*t soils and climates in
the w ■ sustain Its Inhabitants. Tne
if Ireland are like one great
poorhi Inhabitants are so degraded,
morally and leeply pain
the country nu-i witness
• -umiiv Riiii raga that everywhere abound.
Jn the ia^ century Ireland lias lost nearly half
-. In Ten years' time— irom
]Ml - : 2.500,000. The
ed part. The
. baa diminished it
Inn, but the poverty of lieland is still
.ng.
is i 1 • >torilc soil and bad climate"
No. ;■- • due io the soiL
- natural beauty
n~ for its i -
- scenery and resources. Jt ;
■ o yearly swarm upon
For climate and soil", especially in
the fines! lands
sun. It i- Indeed the "Emerald
With a healthy, invigorating ai
It
i le a veritab - .:ces of
ted t>y tlie
' ' with fish. Its mines
!i with mineral! ■ some of the
. Provides
is lap th
. of being a gar len of plenty, v is a
of tJ tnrry lying at the r~<x>t
erty, it mak< more
• I. with its
barrel . erous,
Ireland, with itt
• i rty.
Neil does tne cause Lie in the race, for the
vast contrast between the north and the south
is alone sufficient to disprove that. And again,
'•the blue-eyed Saxon and the Mack-eyed Celt
are children or the same common parent; and
the corruption tlmt flowed from the original
fountain has been shared alike by ail its
streams." When Saxon England was shrouded
in ignorance, Celtic Ireland was the seat of
learning for Europe. The retrograde has been
made since Popery was introduced. The cause
is from without and Dot from within. To
blame the Celtic race for the ignorance and
immorality of their kin!, and thus making it a
natural defect of character is to Ignore funda
mental facis. It is a notorious fact that the
original Celts as found in the Highlands of
Scotland and the mountains of Wales are alto
gether different. Who ever hears of their hills
being drenched la the blood of murder, and of
midnight u.-ofi>sms it. <-.■;;:. on the rugged
moors to plot and hatch schemes of treason?
Scotland and Wales are the most orderly
parts of Great Britain. The Irish were
once a noble race— but how debased! Wrecked
by Popery— ruined by Rome. Romanists claim
that it Is the political rule of England that is
the cause of ail' her woes, but one fact alone
disproves that. Protestant Ulster in the
north, under the same political regime, has
grown rich and prosperous, while the southern
Popish portion has degenerated into hopeless
iiauperism. Despite all the evils of landlord
ism there is a deeper and more potent evil
lying at the bottom of Ireland's misery, and
that is her religion. The incubus of Rome is
upon her, crusning out the very life of the peo
ple. The following article I "clipped from a
Belfast daily while over there in the summer
of ' 94. It will explain the folly of looking to
political measures as a remedy for Ireland's
ills:
AN ENGLISHMAN'S IMPRESSIONS OP IRELAND.
The case of Ireland, In relation to home rule, is
ably stated by the special commissioner of the
Birmingham (Gazette. After personal observation
and impartial Inquiry the writer is In a position to
pronounce an opinion, and he has done so without
fear, snowing the vast difference that exists in the
conditions prevail tug in Ulster and in the other
provinces. The former is distinguished by love of
law and order, persevering industry and palpable
material progress; while elsewhere agitation keeps
the minds of the people excited, industry Is neg
lected and the result i* the decay of town and
country. Take an example of the special com
missioner's feeling. Ho bad reached Newry,
which has been called the frontier town of the
northeast corner, and we can form, from his words,
■one idea of the rellaf he experienced: "This is a
blessed change from dirt and poverty to tidi
ness and comfort. After the west of Ireland
the north looks like another world. After the
bare-headed, bare-legged and bare-footed women
and children of Mayo and Galway the smartly
dressed people of Newry come as a surprise. You
can hardly realize that they belong to the same
eoantry. There are no mud cabins here, no pigs,
under the bed, no cows tethered in the living
room, DO hens roosting on the family bedstead."
The ontrastiS both real and impressive, testify
ing to the superiority of the Imperial province,
and accounting for the determination of the
Unionists to resist Mr. Gladstone's base attempt
to thrust them oat of the empire. Instead of
the mud cabins and domestic circles including
pigs mid cows and hens and men and women
and children, tijp people of Newry have various
industrial establishments affording employment,
from which comfort and prosperity arc derived.
Moreover, the contrast is not limited to the
town. In the rurai districts the tokens of industry
are visible. "The bills are cultivated to the top
most peak, or planted with trees where tillage
Is impossible. The people teem to have made tire
most of everything. They nre digging, hammer
ing, chopping, excavating, building, mining, and
generally hus:ling around." Yet the Newry folk
• •rijov no special geographical advantages. On the
contrary, they hare had to combat many disad
vantages, and they combated them Successfully
Their energy Is Identified In the ship canal, which
Involved a large expenditure of money, enabling
them to compete with more favored commercial
centers, and in many other great public works, at
testing the commendable enterprise of the popula
tion. The cause of the difference between north
and south i* easily explained. "The Newry folk
belong to Ulster, where , as a whole, the people
can take care of themselves." They have the in
stinct Of self-reliance, and, as the special commis
sioner observes, abstain from whining and cadg
ing. "The weatporl people have endless quarries
of hard blue marble, which they are too lazy or too
Ignorant, or both, to cut. The- Ulster breed would
have quarried, polished, exported a moantaioor
two long since." Their granite quarries are of
liigh repute, such ts the Rostrevor green granite,
and they are worked energetically, the products
forming a valuable addition to the exports and are
much sought after at home. Instead of pestering
the Viceroy and the (Sovernraent with petitions to
promote public works to employ them, the tCewTry
people, and the Ulster people generally, manage
these things for themselves, depending on their own
resources. From ttit* frontier town the special
commissioner passed to the capital of Ulster; and
1 ere lie saw enough to convince him that self-re
liance is all that is required in Ireland to make a
small town big, anil a poor community wealthy.
"While the prople of Cork are begriitg the Viceroy
to please to do something for their port, to please
to be so kind as to ask Mr. Bull to favor the city
with his patronage, the Belfast people, with a far i
Inferior harbor, an Inferior climate, »n Incompar
ably inferior position, surrounded b> fur worse land,
are knocking out the Clyde for shipbuilding and
running the Continent very close in linen. Belfast
Is actually the third in order of the customs ports
in the United Kingdom. The Belfast, people flour
ish without home rule, and. what is more, they
kno.v their neighbor*. Th.«j-'ve reckoned these
gentry up." still more, they flourish notwith
standing difficulties created by British legislation.
It is sail that linen has made the north, which Is
only true to a certain extent. The north made
the linen, and in turn the linen proved very useful
to the north. We cannot forget that when the in
dustry whs allowed to perish in other parts of Ire
land it nourished in Belfast ami throughout Ulster.
And to-day Belfast Is the capital of Llnendom.
The Industry lnid the foundation of the progress of
the city, attracting » large population and making
way for the introduction cf other means of employ
ing the people. No doubt much praise Is due to
the early employers and merchants and workers;
but, perhaps, more is due to their Protestantism,
which secured peaceful habits anil obedience to the
law. These are important factors in producing a
prosperous community. As the special commis
sioner remarks. "Wherever you go you will find
Protentanti coming to the top.' Cork is referred to
as au example, ami It is not the only one in Ireland.
The "heretics" flourish where the "faithful" starve,
and if the population of Cork were transferred to
Belfast and that of Belfast to fork. Belfast would
at once begin to decay, while Cork would at once
begin to flourish. he reasons are obvious. The
Roman Catholics will not do anything except in
the modes adopted by their grandfathers. Half
their time is wasted in holidays, and the holidays
are wasted in what is worse than idleness. -'They
won't lie bothered with flax, which wants no end
of attention. Why. ii they grew flax they'd have
to work almost, every day! And nobody who
knows Irishmen— real Celtic Irishmen— ever ex
pects them to do that, or anything like it."
Thoroughly demoralized by selfish agitators, they
are ready to do anything but work. Belfastmen
must work, and the results are seen in the mag
nificence of their city and the success of thtiren
terprises. Does any one imagine that shrewd
business nun, like those who made and
suMtain a great city, would turn tneir backs to
homo rule it they did no know that It would
be disastrous to me interests of Ireland ? Bel
fas', men 100 years ago, after defending the country
from foreign invasion, asserted the commercial
rights of Ireland, and thenceforward trade in
creased and wealth was acquired. Home Rule is
demoralizing the House of Commons, bringing
public men into contempt, Investing turbulence
with power, and be establishment of an Irish Par
liament would be the signal for civil war. It is
time, therefore, for Englishmen to consider
seriously the attitude of the Unionists, who nro
struggling to maintain line unity of the British
Islands. The citizens possessing" property are op
posed to home rule; while people steeped in
poverty clamour for home rule, expecting to
obtain something a the scramble. Meanwhile, a
vain old man is recording his own condemnation,
and those whom he is serving laugh at his sim
plicity, seeing that a great nation has discredited
and disowned himself and his policy of disin
tegration.
Hence, it follows that to Romanize is to
beggarize. Popery begets beggary wherever it
goes. Put Romanists into a land of wealth,
with no industrial heretic.? to disturb them,
and they would never rise in the scale of civil
ization so as to be a great wealth-producing,
prosperous community. It requires the spur
of heretical progress to make them engage In
civilized pursuits. The fact that all Roman
ized countries have th? largest percentage of
illiterates proves her a foe of civilization.
The following statistics reveal Rome's atti
tude on mental cultivation. They show her to
be a friend of ignorance. To Romanize is to
dementalize:
i <-.?' -2
Roman Aj . ft £§ |||
Countries. *<1- Miles. Population. || gp
-
Venezuela... 489,120 1 2,075, 245J 90. 90.
Austria-Hun- :
Bary 240,942 39,224,511 67.6 32.
France 204,09:2 1 38,218,903 78.5 •_':>.
Brazil 1 3,210,000! 19,922,875 i 99. i 84.
Spain 191.1001 16,955,178 99. 60.
Portugal 36,028 4.708.178 99. 82.
Belgium 11,378 5,520,009! 99. 42.
Italy I 1:0.620 28,459.628 99. 61.94
Total 4.452,275 148,087,027 J731.1J476. 94
Average, 8 countries | 91.3 59.81
i Is
Protestant Area, ' 9.2 %2
Countries. Sq. Miles. Population. ': = -.-
JS ] Is
i i 'l_j.;__
Victoria , 87,884 1,009,753 73. .035
Sweden 170,979 4,68:4.709 99. .30
Switzerland.. 15.892 2,846.102 59. .30
Netherlands. 12.64H 4,886,012 66. 110.50
Germany.... 211,149 46,852, C50i 62.61 1.27
Denmark.... 14.] 1,980,259 99. I .36
Great Britain 120,832: 50.066,646 9H.:-( 11.09
United States l ß,sol,4o4 57,928,609 66.4! 9.40
Total ',4,134,309 .119,702,880 33.225
Average, 8 countries 179.78' 4.156
The conditions of the statistics are not alike in
all cases, hut they are sufficiently so to give an ap
proximately correct result. These eight Roman
j Catholic countries which I have contrasted with
I eight Protestant countries form two groups, each
; covering an area of over 4, ooo 000 square miles, and
they each contain about 150.000,000 people. In
the one group the Romanists show an average per
centage of 91.3. In the other group the Protestants |
»ho« an average percentage of 79.78. Each re- ■
ligion is respectively dominant in its own group.
But right here similarity ceases. While the aver
age percentage of Illiteracy in the Roman t'atho'.lc
group Is 59.(51. or over half the population, the
average percentage of illiteracy in the Protestant
group is only 4.156. In other words, illiteracy in
' the Roman Cithollc group is 14.343 times greater
than in the Protestant group.
A religious system which turns out, or tolerates,
us you please, an average of six ty illiterates out of
every hundred Inhabitants of the countries it con
trols, we wish to have DO hand or mice in our pub
lic- education. We must reject any interference
from a system which produces on the average
nearly fifteen times as many Ignorant adults as
are found In Protestant countries.
This clan of facts meets us at every point where '
we find the Roman Catholic church in control,
For example:
The New York Evening Post, taking Its figures
from an Argentina paper, the Buenos Ay res stand
ard, gives the following striking comparison be
tween Protestant Australia and Roman Catholic
. Argentina: i
The two countries are alike in having about the
; same area and population, and may be said to
have started upon their course in modern Civilisa
tion at nearly the same time. Hut in other re
: spects there is marked dissimilarity. Australia
has a public revenue of $146,000".000 against
$22,000,000 for Argentina, and a foreign com
merce amounting to $001,000,000 against $171,
-000,000. Most striking of all is the comparison
j which relates to educational statistics:
Argentina. Australia.
i Schools 3,283 7,282
Teachers 7,054 15,083
, Pupils 249,700 745,
I Cost $2,600,000 $11,400,000 !
Her attitude toward the public school system
I of the United States proves her to be the in
veterate foe of mental liberty and the friend of
mental sloth on the part of the masses. Hence
to Romanize means— cease to intellc-ctnalize
H. W. Bowman.
Postscriptum.— Mr. Editor: In a recent com
munication to your paper Priest Yorke re
marks: "Bowman is such an exhaustible cess
pool that decent men prefer to hold their noses
as they pass him by." In a certain sense this
may be true. For a number of years I have
been studying Roman Catholic publications
and thus filled my mind with the moral filth
of Papal writers. I admit that it was a dis
gusting and nauseating task and only per
| formed in the interests of humanity. If the
: contents of the "cesspool" cause "decent men
to hold their noses," It only goes to prove that
the stencil of Rome's morals and doctrines
produces an unpleasant sensation upon the
ethical olfactory nerve of decent people. If a
student of Romanism thus becomes a cesspool
of Roman filth, what must be the condition of
the priest who year in and out makes himself
the cesspool of all the filth of his parish? In
Fpite of all the deodorizing effects of holy
water they can discount a polecat at forty rods.
In his attempt to convict me of dishonesty
he requotes my quotation from Rev. V. X.
Schouppe, and places the whole sentence in a
parallelism. It so happens that in writing 1
only placed quotation marks at the beginning
of the sentence to show that all the exact
words were not given. The printer supplied
these at the close of the quotation, or else it
was done by the transcriber. I quoted it to
show that they claimed "human laws were
susceptible of dispensation." This I quoted in
the exact language of the writer. In the sec
ond place I showed that the power of dispens
ing with them belonged to the Pope. 1 submit
to the candid readers of The Cam. that I did
not alter the sense of the writer because I did
not give the list of laws and oaths from which
he could absolve his subjects. I That all civil
oaths are included in the definition is plain
from the context. H. W. Bowman.
DR. WENDTE'S RETORT.
The Unltararlan Minister Com
ments on the Position Taken
by Father Yorke.
Rev. Charles W. Wendte in a communi
cation to the Examiner contributes the
following to the controversy:
Father Yorke severely arraigns me for not
citing Honian Catholic authorities, of whom
he mentions a number, in substantiating my
statements. My reply is, first, that I did. In
my recent articles I quoted from the
t. iterances of eight or moro Topes, be
sides church councils, doctors, prelates,
etc. But, objects rather Yorke, you did not
quote them from Catholic books. I reply: A
good seldter does not depend on his enemy for
a supply of ammunition, having plenty of his
own. Perhaps Father Yorke may discover
that I did consult Roiuan Catholic works after
all.
1 am not impressed with his own wide read
ing in Roman Catholic authorities, or the re
sources nf his library, when he cannot even lay
his banes on any of the canonical authorities
of his church whom I quoted. Out of the
utterances of ten Popes which I cited, lie is able
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY I*, 1896.
to locate only one — an allocution of the present
Pope. After having in vain sought the infor
mation, he says, from our Jewish fellow
citizen's library he tells us he must postpone
his search to a more favoraole opportunity.
Meanwhile, 1 suppose, the learned Jesuits and
other doctors who presumably: aid Father
Yorke in his scholastic researches are ransack
ing the diocesan libraries and racking their
brains to find citations and ingenious argu
ments to break the force of the plain, direct
utterances of their own Popes and church
fathers which I adduced. But it matters not
what they find or invent, I have plenty more
testimony to the same effect, and can verify it
to Father Yorke'6 content.
As for Roman Catholic books, if I did not de
pend entirely or chiefly, upon them it was be
cause, I regret to say, Roman Catholic his
torians and dogmatists are not always trust
worthy where the interests of their church are
involved.
"JANUS."
If any of my readers will look at a little work
called "Janus," poimlarly written and easily
accessible at the public libraries (for which
reasons I refer them to it), they will find ample
confirmation of this fact. This book was writ
| ten by the great church historian, Yon Doel
linger, who, up to the proclamation of the
dogma of Papal infallibility, was a distin
guished and loyal son of the Roman com
munion. Tnis dogma so outraged his histor
ical conscience and better knowledge that,
unable like- most of the dissenting prelates to
I accommodate himself to what he knew to be a
fiction, ho left that church.
"Janus" made a prodigious sensation, and
Justly, for it is an able, learned and courageous
book. Inasubsequentedition,"DasPapsUhum"
("The Papacy"), all its statements are verified
| by the proper citations from the authorities
referred to.
"Janus," then, from pages 75 to 122, and
later, is devoted to exposing the literary
forgeries of the Roman church, on which, in
large degree, it bases its pretensions to divine
right and absolute rule. These fabrications
are quite well known to Roman Catholic
scholars, and are yet defended, passed over in
silence or condoned by them, while the church
continues to make use of these fictitious docu
ments to establish itself in both spiritual and
worldly power.
Nor is the procedure confined to the Roman
Catholic publications of a former age. A per
sonal friend of mine, formerly an ecclesiastic
of some standing and repute in the Roman
church, found himself involved, in his loyalty
(and zeal for his church, in a theological con
troversy with an eminent English Protestant
scholar. He quoted from standard Roman
Catholic works certain authorities in behalf of
the Romish claims. His opponent replied
that the quotations were garbled, falsified
and untrustworthy. My friend, the Abbe,
was indignant beyond expression, and de
nied the charge. Finally he was induced to
go with his opponent to the British Mu
seum and examine the oldest existing edition
j to verify, if possible, his quotations. Ho dis
| covered to his amazement and sorrow that
1 his opponent had stated truly. The more re
i cent Catholic editions were' interpreted or
altered in the supposed interests of the church.
Intensely agitated he called upon a dis
tinguished Cardinal of his church, his ecclesi
astical superior. The latter graciously listened
to his story, condescended to compare his
notes, made in the British Museum Library,
expressed his Inability to explain the dis
crepancies, but advised him most paternally
to stifle his doubts, disregard his scruples and
henceforth devote himself to the cure 01 souls,
leaving such controversial matters to the doc
tors of the church. My friend tried to do this,
but his individual reason and love of truth,
which not even a Jesuit training of twenty
years had succeeded in crushing out. finally
led him out of Rome into a freer and better
communion.
This is a true story and its moral is obvious.
PARROT LEARNING.
Besides, what use is there in consulting
many Catholic books, when one is only a par
rot-like repetition of the other? The Church
of Rome has long Bihce elaborated its doctrine
and usage, and determined the limits within
which its theologians and scholars may think
and write. It permits no freedom of investi
gation, no variations of opinion, except us
these tend to confirm its established dogmas.
All expressions of individual free opinion
which displease it are placed upon the Index
Expurgatorius, and its authors silenced. For
this reason, there arc lew it" any scholars, In
the modern sense, among the Roman doctors.
They are simply expositors nnd apologist?, the
instruments of their church. I do not deny
that there are some exceptions to this, for the
church is not powerful enough in our day to
! crush and silence everybody as it once did.
Bvt such exceptions ' only establish more j
| clearly the rule.
It Is to Protestantism that the modern world
1 owes its free scholarship, free science and free
i literature. The great names in all these de
. partments are nearly all Protestants or free :
! thinkers. The rise of historical criti
cism, natural science and modern litera
i ture, which our ago is witnessing, is the out
j come not of the spirit of the Roman church, Its !
I most determined enemy, but of the principles
and methods embodied In the Protestant
Reformation. The dominant races of the mod
j crn world are the Protestant nations — Eng
j land, the tilted States, Germany arid the rest, j
i The Catholic people are slowly sinking in
eclipse. Their clay is over. Light is breaking. :
Freedom, not obedience; truth, not illusion; :
reason, not sentiment; humanity, not hier
archy, are the watchwords of the hour tnat
now is.
FATHER TOBKE'B CRITICISM.
Father Yorke's preliminary blast seemsmbre !
noisy than destructive. Let us sse. He denies
my citation from J. 6. Hindi concerning Aqui
nas. I will let Mr. Ilittell himself answer that,
simply remarking that I may have gives the
wrong reference to his authority, as Hittell's
list 01 sources is none of the clearest. Aquinas
did say, by the way, that all heretics ought to
be put to death. He is just now the favorite |
theologian in Catholic circles.
Secondly, Father Yorke denies my second '
citation from Hittell to the effect that Cardinal i
Bellarmine declares that the Roman Pontiff
has supreme power to dispose of the temporal
affairs of all Christians. Mr. Hittell may an
swer for that citation also, and we will, in the
meantime, hold our judgment in suspense.
But Doellinger tells us (p. 318, Janus) that. \
Bellarmine says the Pope has full right to ab- !
solve the subjects of a prince from their oath '
of allegiance. Bellamnne, who seems to have ;
! held a choice collection of opposing views, and
i to have been a most dishonest character, was
| the author of that charming saying: "Heretics
■ when strong are to be commended to God;
I when weak are to be committed to the execu
tioner."
POPE LEO XIII.
The only point which Father Yorke is as yet
able to find against my elaborate article, with
all Its reasoning and many proofs, is a single
! citation from a letter of Pope Leo XIII. He
i acknowledges that 1 quoted it correctly as far
as I went, but asserts that I did not complete
the quotation. I admit I mad? my notes of it
years ago, and did not have time to verify mv I
j quotation. But let me see whether the com
pleted passage helps Father Yorke's contention ;
very much.
I give my opponent's rendering and com
ments:
DR. WKNDTK. I.KO XIII.
Although in the ex- And although In the
traordinary condition of extraordinary condition
these times the church these times the church
usually acquiesces In j usually acquiesces in cer
certain modern liberties. tain modern liberties—
j —not because she prefers 1 not because she prefers
them in themselves, but I them in themselves, but
because she judges it because she judges It
expedient. to permit expedient, to' permit
them— in better times them -she would in hap
she would use her own pier times exercise her !
liberty. own liberty, and by per- !
suasion, exhortation and
entreaty would endeav
or, as she is bound, io
fulfill the duty assigned
to her by. God of provid
ing lor the eternal sal
iva lon of mankind.
"This means that the church, which is now
muzzled in certain countries, would use the
liberty which every street-ranter in the United
States possesses. There is no hint of any means
being used but moral means— the same means
which . Dr. Wendte would employ in such a
juncture. Why, then, did he stop in the mid
dle of a ben terfce? Why did he leave to the
imagination what the Pope expressly stated?
Is this a fair and manly way to deal with an
opponent? Is Dr. Wendte reduced to the
necessity of mutilating papal encyclicals to
make a point against the Pope? Surely truth
does not need .such help nor such defenders."
CATHOLIC PERSUASION.
In reply let me assure Dr. Yorke that 1 never
imagined that the existing Catholic church
would use force of arms to establish nerclaims
certainly not in the United Slates, where she
counts it scant eighth of the population. Ever
since United Italy drove her piebald papal bat
talions out of the Eternal City she has ex
changed her policy of force for that of subtle
persuasion, politic dissimulation, intrigue,
lanatization of tier adherents and other arts to
which weakness often resorts. With these
methods she knows how to accomplish many
ends in modern society promotive of her own
interests at the expense of the commonweal.
"Persuasion, exhortation, entreaty '— yes, we
know these methods; every newspaper editor
every business man, every Assessor.every School
Committee and every political caucus knows
them. All Europe is convulsed with them.
Popes no longer lead armies in person. They
use the secular powers as the- agents and In
struments of their purpose. It was at the "per
suasion and exhortation" of the papacy that
the gutters of Smithiield ran with blood, the
forests of Piedmont echoed the anguished cry
of martyrs, that thirty years oi war devastated
Germany, and Italians were arrayed in hate
against ench other at Aspremonte. No one is
deceived by such words but those who deserve
to be.
Ba t is this all my opponent has yet been able
to muster against me? Does this shortening of
v single quotation, in the interests of that
breYiiy which seems to be alostiut with Father
Vorko, entitle him to pronounce me guilty of
"a literary crime"?
Alas ! pood father, if your literary conscience
is to tender, what will it say to tiie forged Isi
dorian decretals, the Gregorian fiction, the
Epiphanian misquotations, the spurious acts
of Roman martyrs, the fables, legends and
miracles attributed to saints, the records ami
relics that have been fabricated by thousands,
the two holy coats of the Savior a"t Trevcs and
Argentine, alternately exhibited: the two or
three heads of St. John, which are simultane
ously displayed; the bones of the 11,000 holy
virgins at Cologne, which modern physiology
pronounces to be largely the bones of men and
animals!
But enough! I await with chastened hum
bleness, tempered with curiosity, your authori
tative declaration on the Roman Catholic doc
trine of church and state, from whose enforce
ment, in the language of the Litany, we pray,
"Good Lord, deliver us!"
Chari.es W. Wf.kdte,
Minister Unitarian Church.
Oakland, January 10, 1896.
FATHER YORKE'S LETTER.
Accuses the Rev. Dr. Wendte of
Making: False Quota
tions.
In answer to Dr. Wendte, Father Yorke
writes as follows:
To the Editor of the Call— Dear Sir: My ex
posure of the peculiar controversial methods
of the Rev. Dr. Wendte has evidently disturbed
his equanimity. He conies to the front this
morning with unwonted alacrity to defend his
quotations and his authorities. I remark with
pain thai Dr. Wendte appears to be deficient in
gallantry. He devotes two paragraphs to his
friend, Mr. John S. Hittell. He has not a word
to say for that equally distinguished theolo
gian, his cook.
Mr. Wendte seems to be under the impression
that I look upon John S. Hittell with "horror"
and "hatred." I beg to assure Mr. Wendte
that his impressions are absolutely unfounded.
I never saw Mr. Hittell in my life, and I have
no reason to suppose that I ever shall. To me
he is the mere shadow of a name, without
parts, passions or affections. If I think of him
at all as a person I view him with a benevo
lence which hardly rises to the dignity of con
tempt. My feelings are like those of the late
Thompson Campbell. When Hittell was in
the Legislature he developed a mania for pro
posing amendments to the constitution.
Campbell was chairman (I think) of the com
mittee to which these amendments were re
ferred. Once upon a time our theologian com
plained that his beautiful resolutions . were
systematically burked. After some words Mr.
Campbell cut short the discussion by declar
ing: "I don't want to have any. controversy
with a man who has quarreled with his
Maker."
NO BENEFIT OF THE CLERGY.
Dr. Wendte seems sore that I have ques
tioned his competency and his literary non
esty. Yet what would he have me to do?
When I find him quoting works he has never
seen and quoting them incorrectly am I to
keep my discovery a secret? When I see him
relying on men who have been guilty of every
crime known to concoctors of false witness nm
I to seal to lips with silence? :When I behold
him mangling a sentence of the Pope beyond
recognition and serving up the remains as an
awful specimen of Papal depravity am I to
look on with a complacent simper? No, Dr.
Wendte: these tactics might do in a debating
society, but in a controversy like the present
they are actions full of moral turpitude. Re
member, this controversy is a serious
matter. Twelve millions of your fel
low-citizens have been charged by you
with a crime they abhor. In fact,
you are the sell- chosen champion
against them. You have expressed your opin
ion that those who began the fight were illit
erate and unskillful and you have leaped into
: the arena show how much better you could
i do. When at.the very outset I prove that your
: quotations are unreliable, your authorities
unworthy of belief, you have no right to cry
out that I am attacking your personal char
acter. Of your personal character I know
nothing. In this case you are your .letters.
When I drag these letters in the journalistic
tumbrils to the scaffold you have no right to
plead benefit of the clergy.
HIS SOURCES OF INFORMATION.
I am more than surprised that after holding
up his protesting hands in horror at my rude
remarks, Dr. Wendte should confess that he
does not quote his authorities at first hand.
When he wishes to find out what Catholic doc
trine is he goes to the enemies of the Catholic
church to learn. Let me ask the common
sense people ot San Francisco what they think
of this manner of acting;. Suppose a visitor
from Mars came to America to learn about the
political tenets of the Republican party, would
he ue safe in consulting Democratic news
papers? Dr. Wendte coolly confesses that
when he wishes to know what Catholics believe
he inquires of those who hate Catholics.
MY AUXILIARIES.
Dr. Wendte declares that he is not impressed
with the wide range of my own readings or the
resources of my library. Let me reassure him i
with the reminder that first impressions are j
seldom lasting. He speaks about learned ,
Jesuits aiding me in my scholastic researches i
and racking their brains for arguments to over- j
throw Dr. Wendte. lam afraid that the rev
erned gentleman is suffering from an incipient
attack of megalocephalitis. lam alone in this
controversy. I verify my own quotations, ex
amine my own authorities and write my own
letters. moreover, I might add that the argu
ments of Dr. Wendte ere not so difficult or so
new that then refutation would unduly strain
even the limited intellectuality of the domestic
hen.
THE VALUE OF JANUS.
Of course Janus is the great armory whence
modern anti-Catholics draw their weapons.
Janus is a work which appeared in Germany
before the Vatican Council. It was designed to
prevent the definition of the dogma of infalli
bility. Dr. Wendte says it was written by Doel
linger. Like many other sayings of Dr. Wendte
this is not true. It is very doubtful if it were
written by one person at all, and even the
London Spectator declared in 1870 that its
authors could not be Catholics.
Hut whether written by Docllinger or not
Janus is utterly superficial and untrustworthy.
Dr. Wendte calls it an able, learned and cour
ageous book, but it is a remarkable thing that
in certain quarters every one who opposes the
church is able, learned and courageous, while
men who try to do a man's part in defending
thelaith'of their fathers are condemned be
forehand as untrustworthy, tricky and evasive.
However, it does not make the slightest
difference now whether Janus is reliable or
or not. I do not intend to rely upon him.
Though my library, Recording to Dr. Wendte,
is not extensive I think I have the means at
hand of controlling Janus' citations.
A FAIRY STORY.
Like all veteran romancers Dr. Wendte en
livens his articles with interludes. He has fa
vored us with the story of the anonymous
abbe whom it took twenty years to find out
thnt Rome was fooling him. Will not Dr.
Wendte kindly tell this learned abbe's name?
It is such a find to a Protestant controversialist
who is able to overcome a Cardinal that his
name should not be consigned to oblivion. Dr.
Wenijte says much about Protestant scholar
ship and Roman ignorance. He knows abso
lutely nothing about Catholic literature and,
therefore, he talks with the cocksureness oi a
sophomore. If Dr. Wendte's letter be a speci
men of Protestant scholarship we poor Papists
are in a sorry plight. If the light that is in
thee be in darkness the darkness itself how
great shall it be?
TOOK HITTELL.
As a specimen of the scholarship of Dr.
Wendte and the reliability of the quotations
he has brought to prove an absurd charge
against the church, let me examine these quo
tations one by one.
First, however, let me entreat Dr. Wendte
not to shift the responsibility onto the shoul
ders of poor Mr. Hittell. It is very unkind to
Ray that Hittell's list is none of the clearest.
It is easily the clearest specimen of hodge
podge I have ever seen. Moreover, Dr. Wendte
copied out the reference correctly. The
trouble is that Dollingcr does not say what
Hittell makes him say. In other words
tell has been guilty of forgery pure and simple.
Let me quote Dr. Wendte: "This is a true
story and Its moral is obvious. "
PRODUCE YOUR REFERENCE.
Dr. Wendte has fallen foul of Bellarmine.
He accuses him of being author of the saying:
"Heretics when strong are to be commended to
God; when weak are to be committed to the ex
ecutioner."
I defy Dr. Wendte to tell me when and where
Bellarmine gave utterance to that monstrous
sentiment. '
A CURIOUS CATALOGUE.
I will now run over the rest of the quotations
produced by Dr. Wendte in his original letter,
and when I have finished the public will be
very much edified by and Instructed in the na
ture of Oakland scholarship:
Dr. Wendte writes:
In that extraordinary document, "The Evangel
ical and Syllabus," of the lute Pius IX, nearly all
the achievements which form the glory of modern
society— free schools, a free science, a free press,
liberty of conscience and of religious worship— are
Indicted by name and condemned with the anathe
mas of the church, and mankind is unjoined under
penalty of nil the terrors and disabilities at the
command of the Kornan See to bend in penitence
at the footstool of St. Peter.
This must in trntta be an extraordinary docu
ment. What in the name of heaven an "'Evrii
polical" may be I cannot conceive. I wonder
is it something to eat. The "syllabus" I know,
but I emphatically deny that it condemns
"free schools, a free science, a free press, lib
erty of conscience and of religious worship."
The burden of proof is upon Dr. Wendte. He
lias made the assertion, let him now back it up.
2. Again, Dr. Wendte writes:
It WOaM be i-asyto heap up similar declarations
of purpose from the minor eterey aud Catholic
preao. Thus tbe eminent theologian, Dr. Brown
son, in his Catholic K»vii-\v, aHi 1 mod lliat "J'ro
ti'Htantlsm of every form has not und never i'iiii
have iiny right whore Catholicity is triumphant."
Brownson's works are published in thirty
volumes and form a pile about four or five feet
high, vet Dr. Wendto gives neithe r page nor
date for his reference. To show/ou how iguor
nnt Dr. Wendte is of Brownson let me remark
that this "eminent theologian" never had any
thing to do with the "Catholic Review."
Again Dr. Wendte writes:
Hecpnt Popos hnve denounced by name tbesp es
aentlal institutions of our nation, calling them "the
liberty of perdition," "impious, absurd and erron
eous doctrines. '' "detestable sentiments pregnant
with the most deplorable evils, of all others most
to be dreaded in antate." Indeed Pope Leo XIII,
in the encyclical already quoted lrom, emphati
cally condemns the supposed riabt of a man to
choose his own religion and calls it a -degradation
of liberty," and Pope Pius IX in his allocution to a
consistory of Cardinals. Bopteuber, 1851. said;
"We have taken this principle for basis that the
Catholic religion with all its rights ought to be ex
clusively dominant in such Bort that every other
worship shall be banished and interdicted."
Let me state tirst that no Pope has denounced
a sinf^e essential institution of our nation as
"impious," "absurd," etc.
Let mo state secondly that Leo XIII does not
call our American system of religious freedom
as a "degradation of liberty."
Let me state thirdly that there was no con
sistory of Cardinals held in September, ISSI,
and that the words ascribed to Pius IX are
spurious.
4. Again Dr. Wendte says:
It Is characteristic of the Roman clergy always
to avail themselves of their immediate oppor
tunity, no matter how it may contradict the logic
of their principles. Thus Louis Vieulliot. editor of
the Catholic journal, I/Vnivers, and leader of the
Ultramontane party in the French Parliament, on
being reproached for Inconsistency, coolly replied
to the radical majority: "When we were In
power we denied you free speech and action on the
basis Of our principles. But now that you are iv
power we demand tins freedom from you ou the
basis of your principles."
With the experience we have had of Dr.
Wendte's quotations I am justified in refusing
to credit this until he produces his authority,
5. Again Dr. Wendte says:
When Mary was Queen of England Pope Paul
IV issued a bull confirming the previous Papal
grants or Ireland to the Knglish crown, and erect-
Ins it into a kingdom. He said therein: "By vir
tue of the supreme nower which we have from
God, who has placed us over thrones and nations,
we erect Ireland into a kingdom."
The words in inverted commas were Invented
by John S. Hittell.
5. Again Dr. Wendte says:
Nicholas 1, whose pontificate extended from 858
to 867, wrote thus to the Bishops of Lorraine:
"We. as the vicar of Christ, have the ri^ln of
Judging; all men; thus, before obeying kines you
Owe obedience to us: and If we declare a monarch
guilty you should reject him from your com
munion until we piirdxm him. Wh alone have ihe
power to bind and to loose. * * * and Chris
tians cannot, under penalty of excommunication,
execute other judgment than ours, which alone is
infallible. People are not the judges of their
princes: they should obey, without murmuring.
the most iniquitous orders. • * * But if we de
clare a king heretical and sacrilecious — U we drive
him from the church — clerey and laity, whatever
their rank, are freed from their oaths of fidelity,
and may revolt against; his power."— (Cormenln'a
"History of the Popes," vol. 1, '242.)
Cormenin. who gives this letter, was a
French Protestant minister. He cites no au
thorities for it whatsoever. It is not to be
found among any of Nicholas' letters. His
epistles to the Eishop of Lorraine are extant,
and nothing like this occurs in them. John S.
Hittell knew the letter was a forgery because
he omitted words which would show even the
densest bigot that no Pope could have uttered
them. Here are the sentiments which even
John S. Hittell considered too strong for his
readers. After the words "the most iniquitous
orders" the alleged letter continues:
''They should bow their foreheads under the
chastisements which it pleases kings to inflict
on them, for a sovereign can violate the funda
mental law of the state and seize upon the
wealth of the citizens by imposts or by confis
cations; he can even dispose of their lives
without any of his subjects having the right to
address to him simple remonstrances."
And we are asked to believe that these words
were spoken by a sane man! No wonder Mr.
Hittell omitted them.
0: Again Dr. Weridte writes;
Gregory VII wrote to a Roman synod: "We can
give or take away, at our will, kingdoms, duchies,
earldoms, and, in a word, the possessions of all
men." (Janus, i. c., the Dr. Doelllnger cited above,
p. 89')
In the first place Janus does not say that
Gregory wrote these words to a Roman Bvnod.
In the second place the very quotation given
by Janus does not make Gregory says these
words at all.
In the 'lnrd plr.ee. in the oricinal the words
given by Janus are not said by Gregory of him
self, but of 1 he saints of ( iod in heaven.
7. Again Dr. Wendte writes:
Pope Innocent 111 claimed (see Janus, p. 188) in
one of his ecclesiastic al epistles that "Christ bus
commit'©.! the whole world to the government of
the Popes."
Pope Innocent 111 makes no such claim in
the sense intended by Janus, The words occur
in the midst of a long letter to the Patriarch of
Constantinople. That letter is taken up in
[.raving !he primacy ot Peter. Innocent says
thai the other apostles were appointed to cer
tain provinces or churches, as. for example,
James to Jerusalem, but that 8t Peter was
given the whole world for his province.
Again Dr. Wendte says:
The ro.ie of Ur&tian, ns compiled about 1160,
and over since accepted by all the Popes as part of
the canon law, to which everybody owes obedi
ence, declares that the Pope "alone gives
and efficacy in the first instance to every law."
M.eftVken 1. 24).
In the first place the code of Gratian was
never accepted by canonists or Popes as a part
of the canon law. It was a textbook for
schools and nothing more.
In the second place the code of Gratian !
does not say that the Pope in the first instance
gives efficacy to civil law.
I think I have % iven sufficient proof now to
show how untrustworthy Dr. Wendte's quota
tions are. If bis scholarship can produce only
such scraps of learning as these the less he
boasts the better. I have not done with his
communication yet. lam sorry that he com
plains of my verbosity. However, I cannot
help it. A fool can ask more questions in a
minute than a wise man can answer in a year.
At the end I would advise Dr. Wendte to con
sult the dictionary now and again. He speaks !
of "the bones of 11,000 holy virgins at Cologne, '
which modern physiology pronounces to be <
largely the bones of men and animals!" I ■
would humbly remind him that neither an- ;
cient nor modern "physiology" could have j
anything whatsoever to say on such a point.
Yours truly, P. C. Youkk.
SENATOR NUNAN`S ESTATE.
Upward of $100,000 Left to a
Brother Residing in This
City. '
Timothy Nunan of Powell Street Made j
Rich by the Death of a
Relative.
Timothy Nnnan, a carpenter, whose
home is at 016 Powell street, will not have
to work at his trade any more.
He has just received word that he is heir
to the $100,000 estate of his brother, Ed
ward Nunan of London. Tne latter was
formerly a resident of San Francisco. He
was a well-known Supervisor here and he
served one term in the State Senate.
The carpenter is the ex-Senator's brother
and it is supposed that he is the only heir.
Senator Nunan, a local capitalist at the
time, was one of the bondsmen for Mat
thew Nunan when the latter was Sheriff,
the two being distant relatives. An at
tache of the Sheriff's oilice defaulted with
about 925,000 of the county funds and
the Sheriff and his bondsmen were com
pelled to make good the loss.
Soon after that the ex-Senator gave up
all hiß business here and removed to Lon
don, never returning to this country.
A week or two ago J. B. Eliot of this
City received a letter from a firm of Lon
don solicitors stating that the ex-Senator
had died and requesting that notice be
sent to the dead man's relatives if any
could be found. A search was accordingly
instituted by Mr. Eliot and it was found
that the Powell-street carpenter, a brother,
was the only relative near enough to have
any claim to the estate.
In London ex-Senator Nunan resided at
101 Leadenhall street, E. C. It is believed
that he has no relatives there and the San
Francisco brother will get the greater por
tion of the estate, if not all of it.
When the ex-Senator went away from
San Francisco he had property that was
valued at upward of $100,000, and it is sup
posed that in the ten years or more since
his departure the estate has increased.
The local heir will have his claims looked
out for by San Francisco and London law
years, and it is probable that he wiU go to
London to personally take care of the
property.
New York women spend more on dress
than any other women in the world.
ABOUT FALLING WATERS
The Storm Had Given the State
Eleven Billion Tons of
Rain Yesterday.
BIG, SLOW AND INTERESTING.
The Peru Overtook the Storm and
Beat It in an Ocean Race of
Seven Thousand Miles.
The storm that has been here during the
past few days is long and broad and deep,
able bodied, but not savage. It has trav
eled thousands of miles without getting
tired and there are things about it that
the finite mind can but vagueiy compre
hend.
Of course, the first things people want to
know are, "How much has it rained?"
and "How long will it las*?"
At 5 p. m. yesterday 2.4() inches had fallen
during the storm at San Francisco and
vicinity. By midnight the precipitation
had undoubtedly amounted to half as
much as that of the whole season before
the storm began— 6.os inches. There is a
good prospect that tho threatened dry sea
son will turn out to be an average one.
The rain has been a widespread one,
general over this State, Oregon and Wash
; ington. In California rain has fallen
. everywhere except over the Colorado
i Desert. The rainfall has ranged from 8
i inches in the Siskiyou Mountains to traces
:at the desert edges. The storm struck the
! northern and central coast of tli is Stair
i Sunday night and has worked south as
the round front of the storm worked in
| land. The rain reached Los Angeles
I Wednesday night.
Forecast Official Hammon says that the
i rainfall has been sufficient for all present
. needs north of Berenda at the center of
' the San Joaquin Valley. The rain has
been a steady, gentle, soaking one and so
I lias been largely retained by the earth.
' Last evening the storm seemed to have
I made up its mind to quit trifling and in
! the City tlie rain came for a while in
j floods, rilling the sewers and driving peo
-1 pie into doorways.
Hammon and McAdie, up in the
{ "Weather Bureau, trace this storm from
I 6500 miles out at si'a, and Mr. Hammon
! rather Thinks that this is the storm that
: gave the cruiser Baltimore such a time v.
' few weeks ago. The Baltimore loft the
China coast for Honolulu early in Decem
ber ;:nd soon ran into the storm.
Definite reports from the Baltimore are
not at hand, and it is possible that it was
another storm that the Peru overhauled
about 70 de^r. east of Greenwich and far
west of Honolulu in the steamer track.
The unusual thing has happened that
two steamers have passed through a big
storm at sea. and beaten it to the Pacific
("oust, bringing advance reports for the
weather map of the storm's doings for two
weeks before it has put in an appearance
where Uncle Sam keeps barometers and
things at work.
The barometer of the Peru began falling
December 31 when it was only 1500 i
miles from Yokohama. Asthe steamer pro
gressed the barometer kept falling, and
other signs showee that it was running
toward the center of a slowly moving
storm ahead of it. The I'eru ;
through the storm south of its center, and
arrived here a day ahead of the eastern
edsre of the storm.
The Australia also passed through it and
got in ahead. From the steanvr report?,
the present storm ia fairly well charted
from a point (j.500 miles westward. This is
done right along months after a storm has
passed, from the daily weather reports re
ceived under the new system from all
classes of vessels, but it has never hap
pened before that a batch of daily observa
tions of a coming storm at sea have been
received in advance while the sun was
shining.
Thi« storm is one of those regular
"lows" that come in, but it is bigger than
usual. The diameter of the storm, cyclone
or "low" is about 2000 miles and yesterday
the center was about Fort Canby on the
northern coast. The wind blows to the
center from all directions and so yesterday
San Francisco had a south wind. It will
probably rain for a day or two yet and pos
sii>ly longer.
Jlr. Hamnion made a trifling skirmish
yesterday with the incomprehensible ques
tion of the amount of energy expended by
rach a big though rather gentle storm*.
He took as a slight illustration of one form
of its energy the amount of rain that had
fallen over a very small fraction of its
path during a fraction of its existence.
There has been a rainfall of about one inch
when averaged for the State.
A rainfall of one inch over a square mile
amounts to 72,000 tons of water. Say that
in this State there has been this average
fall over 150,000 square miles.
That gives 10,800,000,000 tons as the
measure of the water California has re
ceived since Sunday. Mr. Hamraon esti
mates that for the coast there had been
yesterday an average of one inch over
5U0.000 square miles, and this would give
36,000,000,000 tons of water.
This amount of water has been raised
into the air by the expenditure of energy
in the form of heat. When it was precipi
tated the heat was released and changed
from the latent to the sensible form. The
evaporation of a quart of water will raise
the temperature of 512,000 cubic feet, of a
certain density, 10 degrees. This gives an
intimation of the problem oi how much
heat energy has been expended in the
present rainfall and what might be done
with it if it could be kept on tap.
Mr. Hamnion countermanded orders
from the Secretary of the Navy yesterday.
The Boston had been ordered to proceed
to Honolulu, and was in the stream ready
to go. The captain sent Ensign Howard
up to the Weather Bureau with his com
pliments to ask if he could go, and was
told that he couldn't. The Boston staved
DAMAGE BY STORM.
Stores and Houses Flooded and
Streetcars Stopped— Breaks
In the Sewers.
The heavy rain of yesterday resulted in
a great deal of damage throughout the
City.
The shopkeepers on the gore block of
Market and McAllister streets suffered
from the overflow of water from the Mc-
Allister and Jones streets sewers, which
enter the main Market-street sewer at that
point. Every year these sewers cau?c a
vast amount of trouble, and have resulted
in the annual Hooding of the basement of
J. J. O'Brien's dry -goods store in the Mur
phy building.
During the afternoon yesterday the rain
fall in Hayes Valley and the Western Ad
dition was so great as to fill the sewers
leading therefrom to their full running
capacity. When the storm burst in ail its
force, between <; and 7 o'clock, the surplus
of water could not be drained off through
the cesspools and it ocean to back up. In
less than ten minutes, "Market street, from
near Taylor to Seventh, was covered by a
large sheet of water, varying from one* to
eighteen inches in depth, and this body of
water backed up McAllister street almost
to Leavenworth. All of the sidewalks on
the west side of the street were under
water.
On the Market and McAllister streets
gore this did considerable damage, for the
water crossed the sidewalks and entered
the stores from the two entrances on
Market and McAllister streets.
The drygoods-store at 1302 Market street
was an inch too high for the water to get
in.
The Junction Cafe, at l'Mi, had an inch
of water on the floor, ana the waiters
waded about the premises with their
at 1306 escaped by P.
use of mais on the tbreshhold. At 30S,
the Palace shoestore, five inches of water
coy< red the floor and tho clerks were kept
buly removiog the stoCK from the water
NextdoorisaShirek'sfui-Bishinp-goods
store Into this man's premises the water
"iSfuddeVdid'tbe water rise that con
siderable damage was Soneto the goods
oa"dncur the Hour. When at its height
the water waa more than ankle deep all
over the store. Opposite the store on the
street the water was eighteen inches m
8! Ammerup's paint shop, at 1314 Mar
ket street, the premises were «°ocled. as
was Schoenfeid's shirt store at 1318 Market
street. Dunn Bros.' saloon at 1318 caught
the water from the front and rear.
In Dave Wise's music store next door
the experience was the same as the others.
The water ceased to back after v had
reached Levin Bros.' grocery store at 1324
Market street, but it did raise high enough
in the store to set the egg boxes, hams,
etc., to floating about. .
Opposite this store is alow place in the
street where the flood found a chance to
escape down Seventh street. For a time
it ran like a millrace down that street and
came within an inch of flooding two
grocery-stores on the corner of Mission
street.
For hours last evening the clerks in the
stores mentioned were at work barefooted
sweeping the water and mud out of their
stores. The damage amounted to many
hundred dollars before the waters sub
sided and the sewers were able to perform
their functions.
About 7 o'clock out in the Mission in
many places the streets were flooded,
cellars tilled with water and mud. sewers
blocked up and car lines stopped. On
Folsom street, between Fourteenth and
Sixteenth, the water for a time was eigh
teen inches deep; the sewer seemed to
have been stopped and the streets were
entirely impassable. At Seventeenth and
Howard and Fourteenth and Howard the
water was in places four or rive inches deep
and at Fourteenth and Valencia there was
six inches of water.
The Folsom-street sewer at Fifteenth and
Folsom caved in and caused a heavy back
ing up of water in the neighborhood, where
considerable damage was done to cellars.
In many of the stores water came in on
the iioors.
The Castro-street cars were stopped at
Twenty-fourth street, the Twenty-second
street branch of the Mission-street line,
the Ingleside cars and the electric-cars on
the San Francisco and San Mateo line all
ceased running for a time. These stop-
I ages were caused by water and sand cov
ering the tracks.
The sewer at the corner of Turk and
Webster . streets was broken in. and about
7 o'clock Dave Newman, a teamster for L.
Eikins, passing by, was asked to stop and
help pull a horse out of the hole.
At the corner of Fillmore and Geary
the streets were flooded, many lower floors
were inundated.
A Haigbt- street car, during the storm,
was suddenly stopped by some obstruction
on the track and a passenger named
■: Moschky was thrown against the
window and had his head badly cut. He
was taken to the Receiving Hospital for
treatment.
The Market-street Railway Company
suffered considerable annoyance by the
rush oi waters and sand from the hillsides
in several places along its lines. The prin
cipal annoyance was in the engine-]
of the McAllister-street branch, on Fell
and Lott streets. The house ia situated
ipon a block oi low, flat ground at the
■ f several bills thai arise to the north
midwest. When the principal don
took place the s< wet near the engine-house
failed to carry off the surface v,
burst into the in and en
: ;ir<* the J arize ■■
over which the cable turi
soon filled and, of course, the mat h
had to be shut down, [t took nearly an
hour to turn the stream out of ' ■■
house, pump the water out of the pit and
start the machinery in operation aga;:i.
No damage was done.
REPUBLICANS RALLY.
New Officers of the Lincoln Club In-
stalled With Speeches and
High Jinks.
There was no limit to the patriotism,
enthusiasm and good feeling expressed at
the high jinks and installation of the
ollicers of the Lincoln Republican Club at
its headquarters on Powel! and Union
streets, last night. Over a thousand invi
tations have been issued. In spite of the
storm the club rooms were crowded,
among those present being most of the
more important county ollicials.
The first work of the evening was the in
stalling of the officers who were elected a
fortnight ago. Those taking the obliga
tions as officials were:
Henry s. Martin, president; Charles
Heir.z, first vice-president; Adolph Wolff,
second vice-president: K. (■. Kendall, re
cording secretary; Thomas H. Mullen,
financial secretary; L. R. Kea, treasurer;
George W. Faber, sergeant-at-arms.
The executive committee was chosen as
follows: Alexander Campbell Jr., Melo
Ellich. Louis Strohl, George Hauser and
John Walsh.
The investigating committee consists of
H. .1. Ostheimer, M. M. Bushway, A. J.
Denegri, W. B. Corcoran and Joseph Bar
betta.
The newly installed officers and a num
ber of visitors made eloquent speeches,
foretelling sweeping victories at the next
election. Songs, recitations, more speeches
and bountiful and varied refreshments,
both solid and liquid, made the evening
pass most pleasantly.
_______ ?5^LJE5^5^:
Gladness Comes
With a better understanding of the
transient nature of the many phys-
ical ills which vanish before proper ef-
forts—gentle efforts— pleasant efforts —
rightly directed. There is comfort in
the knowledge that so many forms of
sickness are not due to any actual dis-
ease, but simply to a constipated condi-
tion of the system, which the pleasant
family laxative, Syrupof Figs, prompt-
ly removes. That is why it is the only
remedy with millions of families, and is
everywhere esteemed so highly by all
who value good health. Its beneficial
effects are due to the fact, that it is the
one remedy which promotes internal
cleanliness, without debilitating the
organs on which it acts. It is therefore
all important, in order to get its bene-
ficial effects, to note when you pur-
chase, that you have the genuine article,
which is manufactured by the California
Fig Syrup Co. only, and sold by all rep-
utable druggists. . ••■ ■ -
If in the enjoyment of good health,
and the system is regular, then laxa-
tives or other remedies are not needed
If afflicted with any actual disease, one
may be commended to the most skillful
physicians, but if in need of a laxative,
then one should have the best, and with
the well-informed everywhere, Syrup of
Figs stands highest and is most largely
used and gives most general satisfaction.JUDGE M`KENNA'S
TIRED FEELING.
Anxious to Expedite the
Railroad Commission
Case.
LAWYER FOOTE OBJECTS
„ .
The Entire Congressional Com
mittee's Report Must Be
Read.
SENATOR STANFORD'S SPEECH.
His Claim That the Government Was
Actually Indebted to the Cen
tral Pacific.
Ever since Tuesday afternoon last Judge
M'.Kenna has listened in silence and pa
tience to the reading of the Congressional
committee's report in regard to the 1
and aided roads. When his Honor ruled
that the report was admissible as evidence
in the suit brought by the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company against the Railroad
Commissioners to enjoin them from mak
ing a horizontal reduction of 8 percent in
freight rates be little expected the ava
lancbe of words a:ul figures about to be
cast upon him. This was demonstrated
day, when he most pitifully pleaded
that some understanding be reached be
the different factions whereby the
reading could be curtailed.
•'1 can't help myself, of course," Judge
M Kenna -
"If counsel insist on this testimony being
I must listen to
v was not .in attorney in the court
but felt in sympathy with the court.
He had in three days and a half listened
osely printed pages containing
over ->■'-' words each, making nearly
s as dry and be
aurumer dust on
a country i
It was at the close of the court's session
in the afternoon that the subject can
"We will adjourn for the day," Judge
McKenna said, "and we will take up the
g of this testimony to-morrow morn
ing."
"To-morrow morning!" exclaimed ex
>• Daly, who had almost lost his voice
ttg during the afternoon, "we will
to continue it for thirty days longer
before we get through.'*
Judge McKenna's expression would have
a hit for the heroine in a melo
,i. when she exclaims, "No, no; vit
.;. ■: t i .at !"
•Thirty days," he asked, "will that be
necessary?"
mded almost as if a culprit had
■Thirty days? Please, Judge, don't
make it thirty days ! "
Ex-Judge Hayne assured his Honor
pages of testimony were
each day three weeks would be con
sumed.
it," suggested Mr. Hayne, "if it I
be considered that the testimony !
■ a read it would save the valuable
time oi the court and everybody else, and
m the arguments tho.-e 'portions of the;
.ony relied upon could be quoted."
rney Herrin, for the railroad, was
willing enough to accede to the proposi
tion of Mi. Hayne, providing the latter
inch portions of the testi
mony lie would rely upon.
At this juncture United States District
Attorney Foote, representing the Govern
ment, interjected a preference that turned
the tide of affairs and precluded all hope
of breaking away from the tedious reading.
"I wish t>> state,' lie said, "that I have
no copy of the report made by the Con
gressional committee, and that I am
being informed for the first time of its
contents by the present reading."
"Then you want the entire testimony
read?" asked Judge Hayne.
"That is what I want," answered Mr.
Foote.
It was at this time that Judge McKenna i
felt constrained to accept the inevitable.
"I will say, however," the court men
tioned, "that no elocutionary effect i
needed. The reading could be gone
through more speedily. There is no
• - of my inability to foliow the read- ;
ing. Dp to this time question after ques
een read without benefit to any
one. The t.rst pages of the testimony of
E. H. Miller Jr. ana in fact of C. J. Hunt
ing ton have elicited nothing. Such testi
mony as this should be eliminated en
tirely by counsel. The case will go on in
the morning.' 1
Attorney Garber of counsel for the rail
road csked that the adjournment be until
next week, as he would" be busily engaged
Saturday elsewhere.
'No, sir," answered Judge McKenna;
"I, too, am obliged to attend with other j
Judges next week in other important
cases, and I am anxious to get in all this
testimony as speedily as possible."
The testimony of A. A. Cohen, attorney
for the Southern Paeihc Company, begun :
on Thursday afternoon, was concluded
yesterday morning. It was mainly on the
proposition that during the years of em
ployment by the corporation he had never
seen tne contracts alleged to have been en- I
tered into by and between tiie Central
Pacific Company and the Pacific Improve- !
ment Company, the Western Development
Company and the Contract and Finance i
Company.
He also recited the hardships tinder j
which tne company labored in building i
the road. ° ;
\V. H. Mills of the Southern Pacific land
department was also a witness before the i
committee. His evidence covers a great !
many pages.
He told the commission of the difficulties
the railroad company had to realize on the
grants made by the Government, and that
me railroad did not purposely delay tak
ing out patents and perfecting titles in
order to avoid paying land taxes. Quite
the contrary. It was the fault of tho <iov
ernment agents in delaying the work of
giving tales to the railroad lands.
As a matter of fact the delays caused the
railroad much inconvenience and financial
Other testimony, given by the late X
H. Miller Jr., secretary of the Central Pa
tmpanr, was taken up by Assistant
Attorney -General Anderson. In ithetesti
• bia inability to lind the three con
tracts mada by and between the Central
tnpany and Crocker <fc Co. for
the building of the line between section 1
and section 141.
A small matter of f0 ,000,000 also slipped
I - in i ml. It was the amount obtained
•"lock issue was raised from
$54,000,000 to $59,000,000, between 18S1 and
1883. He could remember only that the
money had been raised to pay off ft float
ing debt. Whether this was done or not
had escaped his memory. The money,
however, had been placed in various banks,
bat what became of it afterward he did not
know.
missioner Anderson, it appears, be- i
lieved he could obtain fr<;m tlie witness
the exact co<a of tlie Central Pacific road.
fr-m-. its bepinnin^ until May, 1869, and he
spent much time and words gettine
meager satisfaction. While Mr. Miller
asserted he believed he could satisfy the
gentleman, he asked for several days in
which to collect the needed information.
iix-Judge i>aly assumed tee place of
reader, made vacant by Mr. Anderson,
whose voice was rapidly assuming the tone
of a foghorn.
The testimony of the late Senator Stan
ford was next taken up. It opened with a
gentle lecture calculated to make the Con
gressional committee feel very small and
wound u D with making them feel how
magnanimous was the Central Pacific
*■ ompany,
. He told the members of the committee
individually that they had absolutely no
nght to come out "and investigate the
aitairs of the Central Pacific Company;
that it made no difference what they
round, it would in no way impair the
existence or usefulness of the corporation.
"However,"' he added, "as Congress de
sires to learn about our affairs we will will
ingly answer any and all questions put to
us by you gentlemen."
The Senator recited the history of the
building of the road— how the War De
partment had made the surveys. The
most desirable route was agreed to be the
southern one on the thirty-second parallel.
The war shut that out, however, and it
was found necessary to run over the
central line, as the northern one was
fraught with danger as to snows and
blockades. In 1882 Congress decided for
the central route. At that time the Gov
ernment was spending $8,000,000 per year j
for freight and the carrying of the mails j
and it was on this figure that the basis of
the appropriation tor the Central Pacific
road was made. Seeing that there was
difficulty in completing the road Congress,
m 1864, doubled the laud grant.
Under the most adverse circumstances
the road was finally built. The most
noted engineers and the people of this
! country in genera] doubted the practi
cability of building a road over the Sierra
Nevada Mountains. Against the project
liigned the Sacramento Valley Rail
road, Welis, Fargo & Co., the California
ation Company and many other in
stitutions believing that the "transconti
nental road would be their ruin.
Over $7,000,000 had to be lost at the very
start on account of the need for money
and the approach of the war. TheGov
ernmenl bonds could have been sold at par
if the Government had not wanted the road
I through and time — until 1878— the
limit accorded by Congress for the con-
Bti .'lion, had been taken. The result of
the rush and other things, he stated,
caused the road to cost more than 50 per
cent over what it should have cost.
Speaking of the benefit the Central Pa
cific had been, Senator Stanford mentioned
the development of California's wheat,
fruit and wine resources— how it had
added millions of wealth to the United
Mates, and how it had satisfactorily per
formed all the services required of it by
ivernment.
The Senator attempted to show the com
mittee that instead of tiie Central Pacific
being in debt to the Government the shoe
rightfully belonged on the other foot.
He told them that when the Central
Pacific < omoany started to build the road
it was tacitly understood these would be
no competing lines. Instead of that the
Government aided the Atlantic and Pa
-1 cine, the Northern Pacific and the Atch
i ison, Topeka and Santa Fe roads to run
parallel lines and gave them better in
ducements in the way of land grants than
; were given the original line. "This, the
Senator asserted, entailed a loss of $17 000 -
•1 am sure," the Senator remarked,
"that at the conclusion of your laboi
will, upon an equitable adjustment of
| these affairs, recognize that not only is the
Central I'acilic Company not inde'bt I I
tavern ment, but that it is to be recog
nized as the Government's creditor."
In !i - amounts, such as $1
313 15 :<■- I rans] ■■; t ition of troops
mails; $500,000 for lawsuits incurred
through the fault of the Government,
908 depreciation in thr sinking fund
v :7,000.000 depreciation of business on
int of the aided parallel roads, the
Senator worked up an indebtedness of $62,
--rB3 which is due from the Govern
ment to the Central Pacific •"ompany.
In concluding bis testimony Senator
-d told how be and his associate-.
traduced. How, of the original $27,
--000,000 worth of bonds, he had never
ted a single dollar. These wer<
at 40 cent? on the dollar gold in the East
and every cent went with the first mort
gage bonds to pay for the construction of
the road.
"Still," exclaimed the Senator, "those
people who do not know the inside his
tory of the Central Pacific claim that we
have made hundreds of millions of dollars
out of it.''
Leaving that line of evidence aside, Mr.
Stanford told how the first 450 miles of the
Cantral Pacific line had cost more money
than would cost the grading to-day of a
line between San Francisco and Chicago.
It took three years in which to complete
the work. Thousands of kegs of powder
were used for blasting in the Sierra Ne
vadas, and the force of men employed was
double the usual number. The work had
to be completed as quickly as possible,
because the needs of the Government were
urgent, and that was why the extra ex
pense was incurred.
A LONG RECORD.
A Burglar Who Robbed Mrs. Ojctla'g
House Wednesday >*ight
Arrested.
Joseph Kearney, a young man well
known at the Industrial School, House of
Correction and the State prison at San
Quentin, was met with a chest on his
shoulder Thursday mornineat 6:40 o'clock
by Policemen William Ross and George
Tracey. Kearney could give no satisfac
tory explanation and was taken to the
Southern police station and locked up on
suspicion.
Later in the morning Mrs. Ojeda of 923^
Mission street called at the station and re
ported that her house had been robbed.
When shown the chest she identified it
and its contents as being part of the plun
der taken. Kearney was charged with
burglary. If convicted he will probably
receive a heavy sentence, for he has a long
record of former convictions that will be
broup-ht up against him. On May 31.
1879, lie was sent to the Industrial School
fur petty larceny, the charge having been
reduced from burglary in the second de
gree. In March, 188], he was given two
years in the House of Correction for grand
larceny. In January, iss;'», he and a com
panion held up a man at the corner of
Jackson street and Washington avenue,
but Chief Crowley ami Police Commis
sioner Tobin happened to be passing and
took them in. For this Kearney got three
years in San Quentin. In June, 1839, he
got six months for petty larceny. On March
1. LB9O, be was held to answer" for assault
to murder, but was released; in Novem
ber, 1891, he was sent to fr-jan Quentin for
an assault with a deadly weapon, and in
April, 1893, got thirty days in the House
of Correction for petty larceny.
GOETHE-SCHILLER BALL.
The Central Committee of the Monu
ment Association Arriinge for a
Future Grand Affair.
A large and enthusiastic meeting was
held la9t evening ay the central commit
tee of the Goethe-Schiller Monument Asso
ciation.
It was decided to hold a grsnd ball,
which will take place on March 8 at Ein
tracht Hall.
At the ball the various presents remain
ing from the last festival of the associa
will be rallied away.
Et was arranged that B0 per cent of the
proceeds of the bar will be turned over
to the society besides the gate receipts.
It is estimated that the expenses of the
affair will not amount to $100, while the
society expects to make between $700 and
$800. The amount netted from this occa
sion will be addetl to the fund already in
the treasury. The arrangement commit
tee is composed of Messrs. Ensmenn, "Win
ters, Becker, Kodz, Sievers, liemineiisjicr
gei, Koos, Bergheim, Dohrraann, Schmidt
and Eisner.
The meeting was presided over by the
vice-president of the organization, M.
Green blatt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
OUT HUNTING FOR FEES
Attorneys Seeking Pay for Past
Services to the Blythe
Estate.
SOME SHARP JUDICIAL STABS.
Mysterious Disappearance of Papers.
One of the Claimants Secures
a Tidy Slice.
A dainty little lady, who by this time
must have law enough for a dozen jurists
stowed away in her shapely head, was the
central figure in Judge Coffey's courtroom
during the waning hours of yesterday aft
ernoon. Mrs. Hinckley, the Florence
Blythe of other days, was once again in
the judicial presence, this time for the
purpose of passing upon the claim of At
torney J. D. Sullivan for which he
claimed as due him for professional ser
vices rendered to A. C. Freese, late admin
istrator of the Blythe estate.
The mistress of the dead millionaire's
possessions looked very charming as she
took her place on the witness-stand. Her
blonde waving hair was partly co:i-
"I TUINK I OUGHT TO KEEP MY WORD," SAID MRS. UIN'CKLEY.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.]
cealed by a coquettish toque of bronze
green velvet with a low crown of iridiscent
jet, at one side of which ro3e two raven's
wings. Nestling under the left brim was a
loose knot of pearl-gray plush, held in
place by a buckle set with brilliapts. To
keep the Little lady warm a cape of silver
fox fur lined with pale lavender satin
hung over her shoulders, while her winter
costume of brown tweed dashed with white
was set off by snowy cuffs and terra cotta
gloves stitched with black silk.
The matter of Mr. Sullivan's applica
tion was about to come up, when Garret
McEnerney arose and presented another
claim acainst the estate on the part of At
torney .1. T. Greany. Judge Coffey al
lowed' a slight shade of annoyance to over
cast his usually sphinx-like countenance,
as ho remarked :
" Che matter of claims against the Blythe
estate could be much more easily set right
•were it not for the mysterious disappear
ance of some of the accounts for services
rendered during the administration. I
would like to know what has become of
those papers. I have heard it said that
they were burned, and I would be pleased
to have some information on the subject
from the officials to whose care those docu
ments were intrusted."
A whispered confabulation among the
attorneys resulted in the entrance of John
A. Whiteside, Deputy County Clerk, who,
being placed on the stand, testified that
the lost papers were a part of the record in
the case of Pennie vs. Roach. He identi
fied seven manuscript volumes produced
by Mr. McEnerney as part of the same
record, and said that the first and second
lists of the late Philip A. Roach's account
for fees as administrator of tlie Blythe es
tate were among the missing documents.
One of the janitors, he said, had told him
that the papers had been burned.
Attorney W. H. H. Hart said he had
been looking for these same accounts for a
year past, and the attaches in the County
Clerk's office had told him the papers
were being put in order. He had never
succeeded in finding one of the missing
lists.
"Well, call the janitor," ordered the
Judge, somewhat testily.
The bailiff went in search of the knight
of the broom, and shortly returned
with the information that that official's
oiiice hours closed at 4 o'clock, and it was
already about .5 o'clock.
"Oh, to be a janitor!" sighed his Honor;
"but the man must be found. We want
some light on this subject."
After some little delay the man made
his appearance. He said hi 9 name was
Walter G. Post and his duties obliged him
to see to the good order and neatness of
courtrooms It and 12, the Judges'cham
bers adjacent and one or two other apart
ments near by. On assuming his incum
bency about a year ago he had noticed a
number of papers on the floor of Judge
Bahrs' chambers which his predecessors in
the janitorial office told him to burn. There
were no books in the heap and he did not
notice the name Blythe on any of them.
He had used all the papers for making
lires.
"So that's the way you treat papers
which you find lying about the Judges'
chambers, is it?" inquired the Judge, with
a wrathful gleam in his normally placid
eye.
"Well, I didn't know there wa3 anything
in the papers," commenced the witness:
"if I had thought they were needed in the
Blytlie case — "
"If you thought they were needed in the
Blythe case," interrupted his Honor,
sharply, "'you would have put them by
carefully and presented a bill against the
estate for them. That's all, you may go."
Mr. McEnerney then reiterated Mr.
Greany's claim for $2500.
"I have do record of any such claim,"
said the Judge.
"Well, I can't help it," rejoined Mr. Mc-
Enerney. "I thought it would be on your
notebook, or memorandum, or whatever
you call it."
"Why not call it by its name?" interro
gated the Judge, with some severity in his
tone.
"I'm sure I'll call it any name your
Honor gives it, "said Mr. McEnerney, peni
tently.
"I cannot give it a name," rejoined his
Honor, stiffly; "among men versedjin the
law it is called the record of the court.
However, let Mr. Greany have his say."
Mr. Greany then took the stand and had
his little say. He said he had presented a
claim for $3tJOO against the estate of the
late John Roach for services rendered him
i in connection with the administration of
the Blythe estate, during the time inter
vening between the deaths of Philip A.
and John Roach. He laid he had pre
pared the seven manuscript volumes
offered in evidence by Mr. McEnerney and
had never been paid for the work.
••Well," interposed the Judge, "what has
that to do with "the Blythe estate? Your
claim would appear to be rather against
the estate of the late Philip A. Roach. By
the way, did Mr. Roach pay you nothing
for your services in connection with the
Blythe administration ?"
"He paid me $100 a month, that is dur
ing a portion of the time," responded the
claimant, with some hesitation; "but he
also said I could get more when he should
receive the money due him for back com
missions. With the expectation of getting
paid out of these commissions I undertook
the work of compiling the seven volumes
of accounts. When John Roach was dead
I presented my claim for payment against
his estate, he having been executor of the
estate of his brother. Then, under compe
tent instructions, I transferred my claim
to the Blythe estate, since my pay was to
come from it if it comes at all."
"I am sorely tempted," remarked the
Judge, with incisive slowness, "to regard
ihis claim, as presented here, in the light
of an impertinence."
"I beg to explain,' 1 interposed Mr. Hart.
"1 permitted Mr. Greany to present this
claim. The attorneys in" tlie case held an
informal meeting, and, while 1 was opposed
to the claim at first. Mr. Bishop thought
we had better let Greany have $2.30U and
quit."
"And may I ask, Mr. Hart, what is your
opinion of the legality of this claim?" in
quired his Honor.
"At. the conference I was against it,"
answered Mr. Hart, "but Mr. Bishop
, favored it, so I deferred to his judgment."
"It seems to me," observed the Judge
reflectively, "that certain people are trying
to see how big an opening this is going to
: be, in the hope of being able to jump
■ through the breach with claims galore.
! This claim is plainly a^in^t the Roach
! estate and not against the Blythe estate.
If Mr. Ucfinerney can find any authorities
to sustain him in advocating slr. Greany's
claim he may present them to-morrow,
: but for the present I cannot take cogni
! zauce of the application."
Mrs. Hinckley was then asked for her
pleasdre as to Mr. Sullivan's claim for
$20,000 in addition to the $6000 which he
has already received. Thinking his Honor
referred to the Greany claim, she said,
j simply :
"I prefer to leave that to the court."
Tins reply caused a barristerial flutter of
the first magnitude, which was not calmed
until the dead millionaire's heiress had
; been made to understand what claim the
| question :eferred to.
"Well, I promised Mr. Sullivan $20,000,"
| began the little lady slowly —
"But if 1 assured you," pursued the
! Judge, "that $15,000 would be a liberal,
| not to say munificent return for his ser
i vices, wo.uld you not abide by my de
cision?"
"I think I ought to keep my word,' 1 was
Florence's rejoinder.
The rain without was falling in sheets,
and the night was well on its way. Mr.
Sullivan looked out into the darkness with
a shiver, and remarked that it was grow
ing late.
"Never mind, Mr. Sullivan," rejoined
I his Honor; "if I were about to receive as
i fat a fee as you are getting, I could well
I afford to wait an extra hour. I will award
you $15,000 from the estate, the $6000
already advanced being reckoned as a part
| of that sura ; and if Mrs. Hinckley thinks
1 you ought to have any more, she can pay
I it out of her private pur3e. Truly the
attorney who works for her may call him
self blessed."
OUT OF JAIL.
The Kansas Elopers Have Been Released
and the Woman Refuses to Re
join Her Husband.
The elopers from Kansas City have been
released from the City Prison as Chief
Crowley has come to the conclusion that
their detention was without warrant of
! law. Mrs. Charlton, who had eloped with
! Rich, taking her two boys with her, had a
' conference with her husband yesterday.
I He tried to persuade her to return with
him, and failing in that asked to be al
lowed to take his tw:> boys back to Law
rence. Mrs. Cliarlton was naturally un
willing to part with her children, but
finally consented to leave the determina
tion of the Question to them. The boys,
j who are bright little fellows, promptly de
cided the matter by refusing to go with
their father. Mr. Charlxon then left the
prison, saying he would make application
to the courts for the custody of his chil
dren.
Mrs. Charlton left the prison with Rich.
One of the Kansas City papers in speaking
of the case condemned the husband for his
treatment of his wife and expressed the
i opinion tnat the sympathy of the com
j munity would be with her. Back of this
I elopement there appears to be a romance
in which a dead woman plays an im
portant part. Rich's wife died last May.
It seeras that she and Mrs. Charlton had
been warm friends from girlhood. Mrs.
Rich was familiar with the family history
of Mrs. Oharlton and with the fact that
she was not happy in her domestic rela
tions. On her death-bed she made her
husband promise that in case Mrs. Charl
ton was ever in trouble he would do all in
his sower to assist her. Rich was in New
Orleans when he learned that Mrs. Charl
ton had been driven to leave her husband,
and his prompt tender of assistance was)
he says, the fulfillment of the promise
made to bis dead wife.
HINGES ON A CONTRACT.
The Main Issue in the Consoli
dation of Two Local
Railroads.
A HINT AT SMITH'S MOTIVE.
Alleged to Have Been Actuated by a
Sense of Obligation for Pecu
niary Favors.
"Whether or not there is to be a pooling
of the interests of the San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway Company and the
North Pacific Coa3t Railroad Company
will depend entirely upon the interpreta
tion by the courts of a certain contract
made between A. W. Foster, Andrew
Markham and Sidney V. Smith, joint
owners of 4'_\oUo shares of the stock of the
San Francisco and North Pacific Railway
Company.
Should the contiact be declared valid,
the same influences that have successfully
shaped the course of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway Company for
the past three years will continue in power
and the road will maintain its inde
pendence.
Should the contract be found to be in
valid, there will be a new board of di
rectors chosen and there will be an ar
rangement effected for the joint operation
of the two roads named.
Briefly stated the situation is this: The
capital stock of the San Francisco and
North I'acitic Railway Company consists
of 60,000 shares. Recently 18,000 of these
shares came into possession of the North
Pacific Coast Railroad Company, the pur
chase of this block of stock, for about
$400,000, being made with the avowed
purpose of securing control of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany and operating the two roads under
one management. The remaining 42,000
shares are owned or controlled jointly by
A. W. Foster, Andrew Markham and Sid
ney V. Smitti, in equai portions; that is,
each lias the right to vote 14,000 shares,
Sidney V. Smith is in favor of the joint
operation scheme and desires to cast the
vote of his 14.000 shares so as to bring
about the object deidred by the North Pa
cific Coast Railroad, but his two colleagues
art- ; pposed to the scheme, and in order to
prevent Mr. Smith from voting for it the
injunction proceedings now pending in
tiit- Marin County Superior Court were in
stituted. This action is based on the fol
lowing contract or agreement:
WHSBBAS, Arthur W. Foster, Andrew Mark
ham and Sidney V. Smith have bought from
the estate of J. M. Donahue, deceased. 42,000
shares of the ftock ot the San Francisco and
North I'acitic Railway Company, and desire
and have ngreed among each other that said
stock snail for a period oi five years from this
dale be reserved from sale, except under the
conditions hereinafter slated, and that they
shall retain the power during that time of vot
lag the stock so us to keep control of the cor
poration from passing to persons other than
themselves and those who shall with them or
as their assigns become owners of portions of
said stork,
Now it is mutually agreed between said
Foster, Markham mid Smith, that they will
during said period make no Bules of said 42.000
shnres of stock, except tinder the conditions
and restriction!, hereinafter staled, and that
they will retain the power to vote said stuck in
one body, and that tne vote which shall I ecast
by said shares, whether for directors or for
any other purpose, .-hall be determined by
ballot between them or their survivors. In
order to effectuate this agreement it is further
agreed that in making any sales or assignments
of any of the said shares respectively belong
ing to them the said Foster, Markliam and
Smith will cause persons buying from them, or
any of them, to enter into written agreements
to the effect that they and their assigns will
not cause their stock to be transferred to them
on the books of the company, but that they will
during said period allow the same to remain
on the books in the name of said Foster, Mark
ham and Smith, as the cp.se may be, and that
said Foster, Markham and Smith shall have the
right to vote it as aforesaid.
*****
It is further agreed that all the foregoing
stipulations, covenants and agreements shall
be binding upon the heirs, devisees, legatees
and personal representatives of the parties
hereto, just as if they had been specifically
above mentioned.
Witness our hands in triplicate this 22d day
of March, 1893.
In the following letter to his colleagues,
written on the 14th inst., Smith repudi
ated this contract:
.V' <.<r». A. W. Footer and .Andrew Markham —
Dear Sifts: Keferring to your letter to me of
this date invlthig me to be present at a meet-
Ing with yourselves to determine how certain
shares of the San Francisco and North Patitie
Kailway Company shall be voted tit the com
ing stockholders' meeting, I beg to notify yon
that I shall not attend such meeting; that I do
not recognise, and on the contrary, that I deny
that the agreement mentioned In your letter is
or ever was binding on me or on any of the
parties to it; that I now hereby withdraw from
said agieetne.ni ; that I now protest and shall
always hereafter protest against your taking
any action whatever under said agreement, and
that 1 shall not accede to or be governed by
anything which you, or either of you, may do
or attempt to do by virtue thereof.
In the complaint filed on Thursday the
motive for Smith's action is ascribed to
the fact that he is "under obligations" to
the principal stockholders of the North
Pacific Coast Railway Company "for pe
cuniary advances made to enable the said
defendant Smith to acquire his interest in
the shares of the said San Francisco and
North Pacific Railway Company."
By agreement the further hearing of the
injunction proceedings which was set for
to-day has been continued for a week.
The election of directors of the San
Francisco and North Pacific Railway Com
pany is fixed for Tuesday, but it will not
beheld until the injunction proceedings
are disposed of.
Speaking of the matter yesterday Sid
ney V. Smith said he was in favor of the
ioint operation of the two roads. Whether
by consolidation or other method is an
open question to be determined. There are
many ways of furthering the end desired,
he said, without resorting to actual consol
idation. His idea is to do away with un
necessary competition and expense. He
expects "the injunction proceedings to be
short, and believed they would not occupy
more than a day. He refused to give the
grounds on which he would seek to have
the agreement made with Foster and
Markham declared invalid.
President Foster of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway Company ex
pressed great reluctance to speak of the
matter, saying it was now in court and he
did not care to say anything till the mat
ter was decided. He stated, however, that
no attorney to whom the agreement in dis
pute had been submitted could see how it
could be held to be invalid. He also stat
ed that he was acting purely in the inter
ests of the stockholders of his road in
opposing any agreement for a joint opera
tion with the North Pacilic Coast Railway
Company. He claimed any such arranee
ment meant a curtailment of the service
to the people along the road and a possible
reduction of the wages of the employes of
the company, and that he was strongly
opposed to* any such measures. He
would favor any plan, he said, that
would prove of benefit to the stock
holders, but was confident the proposition
made by the North Pacific Coast people
would not result in good. He added that
every member of the present board of
directors was opposed to the consolidation.
Ghosts Are Pale and Shadowy,
Bny those who profess to have Interviewed them.
Whether spooks uri- tallow-faced or not, mortals
are whose blood is thin and watery in consequence
of Imperfect assimilation. When invalids resort
to Hostetter's Stomach Bitters, and use that une
qual cd tonic persistently, they soon "pick up" In
strength, flesh and co or. It should be used alaoto
prevent malarial, rheumatic ai/d kidney com
plaints, and to remedy constipation, sick headache
BDd.uervousness.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
CIRCULARS, ROBBER COATS,
JACKETS and ULSTERS
.A.T —
QUICK CLEARANCE PRICES!
In inviting attention to the lines that have been SPECIALLY
SELECTED for CLEARANCE TO-DAY we beg leave to suggest that
intending purchasers will avoid disappointment by calling early,
as these are bargains that will go off with a rush at the
GIVING-AWAY PRICES QUOTED
LADIES' JACKETS.
At S 1 . 50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cheviot, black, reduced from $5 and $G to $1 50 each.
At 52.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, full sleeves, made of plain and
twilled cloaking, plain and trimmed with fur, in navy, tan and black, worth $7 50,
reduced to $2 50 each.
At 43.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with f- 11 sleeves, made of Ker-
sey, cheviot and beaver cloaking, in navy, black and gru. .orth $10, reduced to
$3 50 each.
At
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of black
and navy Kersey cloth and beaver, also tan and gray covert cloth, worth $12 50 and
$15, reduced to $5 each.
At *7.50.
LADIES' THREE-QUARTER LENGTH JACKETS, with full sleeves, made of fine
grade of cloaking, plain, embroidered and braided, in navy, black and tan, worth
$17 50 and $20, reduced to $7 50 each.
At $a.50.
LADIES' PLUSH JACKETS, medium length, worth $12 50 and $15, reduced to $2 50
each.
LADIES' ULSTERS.
At $a.50.
LADIES' ULSTERS, made of light, dark and mixed cloaking, with and without
capes, worth $10 and $12 50, reduced to $2 50 each.
CIRCULARS AND RUBBER COATS.
At 5O Cents.
LADIES' CIRCULARS, in stripes, value $1 50, will be closed out at 50c each.
At *1.00.
LADIES' CONNEMARAS, in cloth, in plaids and stripes, regular value $2, will be closed
out at $1 each.
At 1 . 00.
MEN'S RUBBER COATS, lined in black and wine, value $3, will be closed out at 51
each.
At 3J1.00.
MEN'S RUBBER COATS, lined, with cape in black and wine, value $3 50, will be
closed out at $1 each.
/B/JgS^' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Met street, corner of Jones, /
SAINT PHANCISCO.
-X
A BIG DEAL!
Be FiHkßualitlL
$200,000 WORTH
OF CASH-BOUGHT
BOOTS AND SHOES
Thrown Upon the Market at
MANUFACTURERS' PRICES
For the purpose of advertising the large
Shoe House recently opened at 931 and
| 933 Market street, opposite Mason street
(next to Hale Bros.' dry-goods house).
No old "Shop worn" goods. Everything
new and "up to date."
This sale will eclipse any ever held on
the Pacific Coast, and will "be conducted in
such a manner that every person will be
properly waited upon. No misfits will be
allowed. All exchanges and alterations
made in the usual way.
Sale is now in progress.
SANFRAMISCOSHOE HOUSE,
GEO. E. FAIRCHILD,
President and Manager.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
yUulUgi uWIHIiI;
San Francisco's Treading Specialist,
SUCCESS TREATS ALL CHRONIC
disease* of thY head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels: kidney troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, piles, j
varicocele, Jiydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Lois or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions, sleeplessness, mental worry,
bashfulnes*. falling memory and nil the distress-
lag ills resulting from nervous debility positively
tint permanently cured.- Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease, Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WKITK your troubles If living away from the
city and advice will be given you tree of charge
Address F. L. swkaxv, m. D.,
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Office),
San Francisco, Cal.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
MA\ITTA I A IV PROMPTLY. WITH
llllfllM IV Lvilli l'b«al advances upon
approved Real Estate
and improvements, for repayment in a DEFINITK
NUJIBEK of monthly Installments to suit bor-
rower. Apply to the CA 1.1 !•'( > :;>.' IA < ; rA X -V N'TKij;
, INVESTMENT CO., 32<j Montgomery St., g. F, • ■ i
ADVERTISEMENT
FOR SALE OF
Kings County Bonfls.
■VfOTICErSHKRKBY GIVEN THAT SEALED
i-> proposals will be received by the undersigned
' up to 12 o'clock m. of the 7th day of February,
i 1896, for the purchase of thirty-two (32) Kings
; County Courthouse Bonds, numbered consecutively
from one (3) to thirty-two (33), both inclusive, of
the denomination of one thousand ($1000) dollars
each, and payable on the llrst day uf January,
; 1906, or at any time before that date, at the
pleasure of said county, in gold coin of the United
states, with interest thereon at the rate of four (4)
per cent per annum, payable aemi-annuaily, on th«
first day of January and on the first day of July of
each year. Bonds and interest payable at the office
of lie County Treasurer of said Kings County.
said bonds having been issued in conformity with
Orders and Resolutions of the Board of Super-
visors of Kings County dated December 3, 1895,
and January 6. 1896, and under authority con-
ferred upon said board by the provisions of "and In
accordance with an act of the Legislature of the
Slate of California, entitled "An Act to Establish a
Uniform System of County and Township Govern-
ment," approved March 24, 1893.
None of said bonds will be sold for less than face
value and accrued interest, nor shall any sale
thereof be final or valid until approved by said
Board of Supervisors, and the right Is hereby c*»
pressly reserved to reject any and all proposals.
Mark envelope. "Proposals for the purchase of
Courthouse Bonds."
By order of the Board of Supervisors of said
Kings County. W. H. SLAVIN,
' County Treasurer.
■'
Coke! Coke! Coke!
CALIFORNIA AND ENGLISH.
p. a. McDonald,
809 to 813 Folßom Street, anil 300 to
400 Howard Street, from
Fremont to Bealu.
I have on hand a large quantity of S. F. Gas-
light Co.'s and Pad flic Was Improvement, Co.'s
Coke, which I am selling at a very low rate. This
Coke is suitable for unites, Furnaces, Laundry and
Family use.
I am also a direct Importer of the best English
and Belgian brands of Patent Coke, which I am
offering at reduced rates to Foundries, Breweries,
Mining Companies and the trade in lots from 1
ton to 1000 ions.
Country orders solicited. City orders delivered
with promptness.
Will guarantee satisfaction, as I know what
will suit from an experience of 25 years In the
business.
Office 813 Folsom Street.
1 THEVERY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUR -
■i- eyes and tit them to Spectacles or Eyeglasses
with Instruments of his own Invention, whon
superiority has not been equaled, ily success iuu
been due to the merits of my work.
Office Hours— l 2 to 4i: it.
I§U l\/ C V I I II " " Tcroat, i'imples, Copper-gl
<.3n A 7 5. IUU Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sorrs.ga
<(gSUlceru In Mouth. Ilttir-lVUlngf Writo C'OOE^M
MSEMEIjy CO., UOT ailuaonlc Tcmplcffl
JrtCMcufiro, 111., lor proofs of cures. Cupl-M
SSftal, 8500,000. Worst cases cured In lSiS]
HHto 35 days. 100-p»ze book, free. -HS
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What Sportsmen, Athletes and
Oarsmen Are Doing.
The storm has interfered with all kinds
of outdoor sports. Tne wheelmen are
tied up and may not have an opportunity
of seeing the country, on wheels, for many
weeks.
Sportsmen are of the opinion that the
pleasure accruing from duck-shooting is
at an end for this season. The anglers
tire in hopes of having pood sport after
the storm is over. Lovers of hunting
dogs are interested in the held trials which
will commence at Bakersheld on Monday.
Coursinn. which is now in full swing,
will continue to enjoy prosperity until
tne spring, when it should end. Rifle
shooters, handball-players and baseball
enthusiasts are arranging for what they
expect will be a lively summer in a sport
ing way.
THE WHEELMEN.
Bay City's Euchre Party — Stories
About Trainer Shafer.
There are no runs called by any of the
bicycle clubs for to-morrow, no roadraces,
tryouts, centuries; absolutely nothing.
The country roads are said to be several
inches deep with mud, and even the pars
roads ■will not be sufficiently dry to make
riding enjoyable, even if it should not rain
any more to-day or to-morrow. So there
:e for the club cycler to do but go to
his clubhouse and entertain himself in
bicycle surrounding, even which the un
attached rider cannot enjoy.
But while actual riding is impracticable
there is no inactivity in cycling matters.
The membership committee of the league
is continuing its visits and getting en
couragement everywhere. There is a
proposition on foot to conduct an indoor
tournament at the Pavilion early in
February. Club entertainments are being
held with regularity, and altogether there
is nothing to indicate that the cycling
season has ceased except the fact that the
wheelmen are temporarily debarred from
rifling.
There will be a meet ing at the Olympfc
Club this evening of the several bicycle
clubs interested in the proposed wheel
men's baseball league. It is likely that all
tne big local clubs will enter teams except
the Bay City Wheelmen. As it seemed
somewhat strange to me that they should
hold out, I asked President Kerrigan again
yesterday the reason. He replied, some
what curtly:
"Don"t you come talking baseball around
our clubhouse or there'll be trouble. We
iiave but due ot>ject In view, and that is to
win the IS!>> relay race and as many as
possible of the prize* in the twenty-five
mile road race In February. We can't ex
pect to do this and play baseball. Suppose
we formed a team; we wouid have to play
such men as the Terrills, Wells, Tommy
Hail, Dodge, Hawks, Reid, Menne— in fact
some of our best racing men. iithey were
a success at baseball their racing condition
would suffer. Thia is a b'cycle club, and
at such an important time of the year we
have no use tor outside sports. Le*t others
ray ball, and we'll do the racing. Per
sonally I might almost say I would like to
see this wheelmen's ball league organized,
for just so »ure as it is, it will dissipate the
energies of the men toward bicycle racing,
and our path will be so much t..e easier."
The secretary of the California Cycling
Club has issued the following notice:
On Mondey evening, January 20, the board
of officers of the Norm California Division, L.
A. W., will visit the club for the purpose of e.x
?lainmg the aims and objects of the leßtrne.
on are requested to be i>re>ent to assist in
giving these official? a reception, such as wil]
be in keeping with the na:ue of the club. You
cannot spend an evening to better advantage.
Thomas Wall, Recording Secretary.
Gradually a sentiment that was directed
against the future and maintenance of
iJ is working around in lavor of this
class of racing men. The facts concerning
the class, ana the conclusive proofs which
abound everywhere that it must be con
tinued it the Vport would live, are becom
ing more and more the subject of com
ment among the people who are directly
interested.
Amateurism will ever be supported, for
it was for the Simon-pures that the league
was created. They have every right to
a-k protection, and the L. A. \V. will see
that they pet it. But should the National
assembly see tit to discontinue class B, it
will make the future lot of the amateur a
hard and trying one. In many cases
amateurs un willfully violate sections of the
racing rules, for which they are punished.
There is no recourse once the racing board
sets its ban upon the amateur. He has to
ride among the men who are paid to ride,
and ride fast, too. Many riders are :hns
discouraged and compelled to retire Trorn
the p^th.
Suppose amateur and professional classes
existed, as it is the intention of some
L. A. W. legislators that these classes shall
exist. The amateur who put himself under
suspicion would be liubie to suspension or
be transferred at the least. There would
be no avenue open to him by which he
could ride a« an amateur, and a profes
sional he must become or give up his
cyciing-racing aspirations. But with a
class known as the B class there is a
chance for every cla?s A man.
With the prospect that many B riders
will l'o into professionalism this year, the
ranks of the B's will be thinned out, and
tne faster riders will compete for gold.
Then the ex-amateur can see that he
stands a Bhow by going into class B. He
will train and compete accordingly. But
should it be a question of riding as* a pro
fessional or emng up the sport, there
would be many riders who would renounce
their determinations of becoming racing
men. Thus it may be seen that a class for
the surplus pure-amateur material is of
vital importance.
If tiie de.egates to the National assem
bly at Baltimore in February will argue
this q"estion from unbiased points of view,
the continuance of class B will seem even
more plausible.
The bicycle has done innumerable good
things for every one; rich and poor, proud
and humble of both sexes alike are getting
the beneficial results of the clorious sport,
and although perhaps one of the least
noticed reforms that have taken place on
account of the bicycle, yet one of the
greatest, is this very thine,*the doing away
with corsets and tig:n lacing. This means
for women that though the waist may be
larger the lungs will be fuller, and the
whole system will be improved and given
an opportunity to giory in the fountain of
health.
Corsets, in retarding the full power of
the lungs, naturally prevent them from
performing the duties required and thus
breed consumption, disease and death.
The new benefits to be derived from cycling
are appearing from day to day and "every
woman in the land would possess a
machine did she but know of this one
great beneiit.
Captain Williams has been obliged to
resign his position in the San Francisco
Koad Club, as he could not tind sufficient
time from Ins business to give it proper
attention. Will I. Pixley, an old-time
wheelman of this City, who was at one
time captain of the old San Francisco
Bicycle Club, long since defunct, has been
elected to tne vacancy. The coincidence
is amusing and is giving added interest, as
the Road Club is now located next door to
wher« the San Francisco Bicycle Club
was before it finally gave up the ghost,
selling out its furnishings to the Bay City
Wheelmen.
George Hainlin, F. Thiel, N. Ackerman,
B. Elliott, EL Robinson and H. Fried
lander of the Road Club will ride in the
Associated Clubs' 25-mile road race in Feb
ruary and will commence training as soon
as the weather permits.
Tiie Bay City Wheelmen are getting up
a petition to have Charley Murphy, the
crack class B rider, reinstated, and it will
be taken East by R. M. Welch and pre
sented to the National Assembly.
W. J. Watford arrived here Thursday by
steamer for Australia and passed through
on his way home. He lias been with Z'm
merman in Australia and passed himself
off on an unsuspecting reporter fora morn
ing paper as the champion's advance agent,
as it were. It was a funny joke on the re
porter, for I am to!rt that Walfordcut very
little figure in the Zimmerman party, and
this fact is borne out by the following
squib in the American Wheelman, one of
the leading Eastern cycling publications:
"Young Walford is the man who has made
the Australian trip of Zimmerman a fizzle.
He is a 'erafter' and the Australians never
did like 'grafters.' When he grows older
he will grow wiser."
The champion and his party may pass
through here on their way East upon the
arrival of the next steamer from the Anti
podes. If he does there will be a track in
the Pavilion, perhaps, about that time,
and we will see him race, after all.
Chief Consul Kerrigan has issued a neat
little pamphlet entitled, "Objects and
Methods of the League of American
Wheelmen, and its claims on wheelmen
for patronage and moral support." It is
cleverly got up and is very readable, and
can be had free by applying to Mr. Kerri
gan by mail at the new City Hall or to
The Call cycling editor.
Every wheelman should join the L. A.
W. It is his duty to himself, that mutual
assistance may be obtained in the easiest
manner and that he may not reap the har
vest of the disinterested labor of his com
rades without contributing to its support.
Members receive the L. A. W. Bulletin
and Good Roads, a weekly paper devoted
to wheeling, free; superior hotel accom
modation!" at nearly all of the leading
hotels of the State at greatly reduced rates;
a road book containing maps and valuable
information, such as the condition of
roads, distances, repair-shops, rights of
wheelmen, league hotels, etc, gratis; free
legal advice and service where the rights
of a cyclist while enjoying the snort have
been trampled upon; free admission to
the races at the annual league meet on
July 4, "and," to quote Judge Kerrigan
verbatim, "many other advantages too
numerous to mention. Is it not a good
thing? Then help them along."
The L. A. W. is the largest amateur
D. J. Shafer, Trainer of Wells, Terrill,
Hamilton and Other Fliers.
athletic organization in the world, and
when a member of it you are allied with
an institution that is ever on the alert to
foster and protect the rights of wheelmen ;
you are nllied with an institution which
controls the sport of bicycle-racing as no
other sport is conducted and controlled;
you are allied with an organization that is
a crusader in the construction and main
tenance of good roads. So join the league
and contribute your share toward the
good cause. Application blanks and gen
eral information may be had by address
ing the cycling editor of The Call.
The treatment of a single-tube tire punc
ture is a subject that is simply solved, and
yet it is a very interesting problem. On
sustaining a puncture the cyclist's first
sensation is naturally one of disgust, and
the inclination immediately follows to
hunt up the nearest repair-shop. This is
unsatisfactory, however, as the repair
shop is usually faraway; and even when
there is one at hand the chances are that
the repairer would use the wrong repair
material or perhaps not know how to re
pair the puncture properly. But if the
cyclist hab a repair-kit— and it is some
thing that snould always be carried— the
proper insertion of a blunt-edeed patch
plug, with ample base to sustain it on the
inside of the tire, will make it safe and
sound every time.
There is a small and complete repair
kit, which is made to put in your pocket
and which contains all the implements
necessary for repairing punctures, in ad
dition to a tube of cement. Any one can
carry an outfit of this kind without the
slightest incoin'enienoe, and it will likely
save considerable annoyance and trouble
when aid is most needed.
D. J. Shafer's portrait is presented with
this article, and about him many interest
ing stories could be told. He came here
last Sunday with the racer, Wells, from
San Diego. They tried to get Ziegler for
the Syracuse team, and have probably
succeeded. Shafer returned south Wednes
day morning, and will be here later on
with his entire racing team.
He has been a trainer of athletes for
twenty-two years, and bicycling is the
best sport of them all to his mind. He first
came to this coast in 1893 with J. Pye
Bliss and Mite Dernberger, who raced at
the Midwinter Fair tournament. Last
season he was on the National circuit
handling Sanger, Cabanne and Titus, the
greatest trio of racers ever joined in one
team. Through Shafer's skillful manage
ment they about carried things as they
pleased, and, up to the time when he met
with a series of accidents, Cabanne was
winnine more races than any man on the
circuit, and beat Bald repeatedly.
Then for a time Shafer took Sanger
alone and they went on the trotiing-horse
circuit, racing against Johnny Jonnson,
Harry Tyler and men of almost equal
speed. Here they made a great clean-up
in cash prizes and wound up a glorious
season at Springfield. Mass., in September,
when, m the professional races, Sanger
beat them all by several yards, and showed
such magnificent condition that it was
freely expressed that no man in the world,
Zimmerman, Bald, Johnson or any of
them, could have touched him that day.
It was Shafer's skillful training, and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
everybody knew it. After this Sanger re
tired for the winter, and Shafer, not wish
ing to be idle, accented an offer to go to
San Diego and train Hamilton, Wells, Ter
rill, ltigby, McCrea and several more.
Their success in lowering records there is
directly the result of his employment.
Shafer talks in an entertaining way, and
sat for several hours at the Bay City
Wheelmen's rooms the other night, with a
large crowd around listening to his recit
als. He says he feels confident Cabanne
and Murphy are not guilty of fixing a race
at St. Louis, for which they were expelled,
and is surprised Fred Titus admits his
guilt, as he didn't think he would ride un
fairly. He says Sanger is the best man in
the world to-day on a wheel, Johnson next,
Tyler next and then Bald. The latter,
with Cabanne, Titus, Cooper. Gardiner
and Ziegler. are about on equal terms.
There never was a man like Zimmerman,
and he thinks there never will be. Sanger
is a nice man to handle — 'good-natured and
easy-going. Bliss was the same. Dirn
berger, Cabanne and Titus were hard to
control. The two latter always wanted to
fight, and Cabanne, who had a reputation
as a crack boxer, would go up to big
Sanger, who weighs 200 pounds, and say,
"I can licK you, Wooden-shoes." and the
big blonde flyer wouldn't deny it. He
would snap his fingers under Eddie Bald's
nose and say, "You're a coward, Baldy;
cooie outside and I'll prove it." But the
I— Charles O' Kane, catcher. 2— William Gimmell, left field. 3— W. J. Kennedy, manager. 4— H. K. Becket, lecond base. 6— H. Krug, third base. B— J.
E. Cosgrove, right field. 7— H. Walton, first base. B— J. Cooney, pitcher. B—B. Monahan, shortstop. 10— J. F. Shot-nan Jr., right field and captain.
OLYMPIC BASEBALL NINE, AMATEUR CHAMPIONS PACIFIC COAST 1895.
champion of 1895 would have "other fish
to fry" just then. But Shafer could al-
ways control him, and a word from him
ThX^i^'J^mL *?h«T lt ~L M n<7 rt "
theydidnt mind him they would lose
tneir jobs. .:.
Shafer says Ziegler is a world-beater,
and is delighted to think he will get him
on his team. Wells, he says, is a fast
rider hut too croori-mtinpci H<» will W«
™"'," MJ n« n ,i .h- •
man cut him off or elbow him in a race.
and never murmur. They don t dare to
do that to "Bob" Terrill, though, for there
would be trouble. Hamilton is a good
I man to follow a pacing machine or in a
road race, but doesn't show up so well on
the track.' Shafer thinks Tom^k a clever
the track. Shafer thinks Tom Eck a clever
| trainer and manager, and says he is a clean
sportsman and not the fakir some would
make him out to be. His management of
Johnson lias been square throughout.
Because he has made him a champion,
and they have made barrels of money to-'
gether, jealousy has caused some to say
Eck was crooked. Shafer denies this from
personal knowledge. He says himself he
only wants to see fair racing, and would
not permit a man of his to ride unfairly or
foul another rider. Neither Eck nor Shafer
foul another rider. .Neither Eck nor Shafer
ever protested a man or a. race m all the
years they have followed the sport. If
G WALKER
their men could not win. they said noth
ing, but tried again.
The San Jose Road Club will hold a
smoker for its members this evening. The
Bay City "Wheelmen will hold a euchre
party to-night, to be followed by a social
entertainment and refreshments. At their
euchre parties the club always serves a
light egenog, and as Secretary Howard has
been intrusted with the brewing of it, an
honor highly prized and allowed to a man
only once, a jolly time is assured all who
attend. Mr. Howard is a new member,
and this will be his first offense.
Monday nignt the Olympic Club "Wheel
men will attend in a body the entertain
ment given by the Olympic Club, and
afterward will repair to a near-by restau
rant, where the newly elected officers,
whose names were given in The Call on
Wednesday, will be banqueted.
There is some prospect of an indoor
cycle racing tournament. The projector
at first intended to give a six days'
women's race and then six days of ama
teur racing, but has about concluded the
former venture would hot be supported.
If a good eight-lap track can be put in the
Pavilion and some of the class B racing
teams secured to come here, such a meet
would probably pay well. Ziegler, Wells,
Coulter, Terrill, Kiser, Hamilton and
other Eastern riders are now on the coast.
Cooper will be here soon and Bald is also
expected. If the management is good the
meet would be a great thing for the sport
and the local club men, and I hope it will
receive sufficient encouragement for those
reasons to put it through.
The Imperial Cycling Club will hold an
other of its delightful parties Friday even
ing, January 31. The last one was one of
the best ever given by a local wneeling
club, and the coming event will be an im
provement upon it. The Imperial Club is
thriving;. Speaking of this club reminds
me: I met one of the members last Satur
day night on Van Ness avenue and stopped
for a few moments' chat. He had his
wheel with him. and I remarked:
"\\ here's your bell ?" He replied that he
had forgotten it but guessed he didn't need
one as he was only going a few blocks.
After we separated he hadn't gone half a
block before a policeman arrested him for
violating the ordinance, and he had to tel
ephone to his friends for bail money. The
moral is, don't fail to carry a beJl on your
wheel, and ring it at crossing", or else b«
prepared to suffer confinement until you
furnish $10 cash bail money. The carrying
of a bell is not one-tenth of the annoyance
that a policeman can cause you if you
haven't one. SrALDisG.
AMATEUR BASEBALL.
The Olympic Club Team, Which
Holds the Coast Championship.
The following letter from an enthusias
tic supporter and admirer of the National
came speaks for itself:
Sporting Editor Call: As your paper is recog
nized as the leading sporting journal of the
Pacific Coast by all classes of sportsmen, I take
this opportunity to give your many readers of
baseball an idea of what the Olympic Club has
accomplished through its enthusiastic superin
tendent, \\. J. Kennedy, In the way of elevat
ing a game which should be as dear to the
hearts of all true sport-loving Americans as is
cricket to Englishmen the world over.
i , <?■>- Olympic baseball team during the season
of 189 d established for itself a record of undis
puted supremacy in the circles of amateur
baseball on the Pacific Coast. In a year when
the National game was somewhat on the wane
in this community, In arranging and playing
throughout a series of ten months an almost
continuous series of games, noted lor their
closeness of contest, it kept alive a latent in
terest in the National sport and paved the way
for a renewal of the game in the near future.
Organized in February last by William J. Ken
nedy, under whose almost continuous manage-
I ment it played during the year, the Olympic
nine began its successful season by defeating
the nine of the University of California in that
m ™"£'ng the early sprin«r Berkeley was on two
different occasions again met and defeated,
j and the scalps of the strong nine of Stanford,
| the intercollegiate winners, were also gathered
I in D? the athletic club boys in two well-played
| pnies. Weldon, who did the twirling for the
; team, was efficiently supported by the nine.
lAt tbis time Santa clara College was beaten on
| its own grounds in thirteen innings of skillful
j play and excitement. Woodland also tell a
j victim, and in two contests with Vallejo,
I played in that city, the club continued as un-
I defeated champions. Before an all-professional
££ m beat, en fi n a( C!° se **?/• 80Ore* *°, 3
| Thesuccess of • the team was due to the exist
ence of those qualities that will make any
team a winner, namely good feeling and a
spirit to never say die until the last man is
out.
The only feared rivals to the title of coast
am *teu [ champions during the year was the
| *Sff jTWSSSS^^^aBTS
, is safe to state that no more excitinr? or closely
j contested aeries of games ever took place in
! the State or on the coast between amateur
' teams. The opening game was played at Cen
tr; ai ark ended in a victory for the Olym
i Pcs liter twelve innings of hard play- Game
uickly foUowed game until each team had
i secured three victories, and the question of
i supremacy was a disputed issue. The rubber
<OAMESVVAfT.
JOHNSAMMI
DIRECTORS OF THE SAN FRANCISCO ROD AND GUN CLUB.
was played at Central Park late in the summer
months, and the Olympic nine won the game
and with it the amateur championship of the
coast for 1895. Since then the team has won r.
number of easy contests and r learly established
the fact that it stands in a class by itself in
amateur circles.
Several other games were played, all result
;S?ii vlctor y »or the wearers of the winged
O. Among the defeated teams were the
Petalumas, the C. H. Hall'? and the Admirals.
A short series of three games was also played
in Santa Cruz, the Olympics capturing the nec
essary majority. The trips to the city by the
se V V u re re P lete with interesting incidents,
ana the time is eagerly looked forward to by
if ,. oys when the y mft y *6 ain eujoy the hos
pitality of the Santa Cruzans.
In the entire season twenty-eight games
were played ami the number of defeats were
» ut fev [- ««* a single series was lost, and the
I i 2 co * st fhampions fits easily on the
shoulders of the Olympic boyS.
Those who composed the winning nine and
who brought honor to themselves and victory
to the club were: Manager, W. J. Kennedy;
pitcher, John Cooney ; catcher, Charles O' Kane ;
nrst base, Harry Walton; second base, Reed
Beckett; shortstop, Frank Monahan; third
base, Henry Krug; left field, William Gimmell;
center field and captain, John F. Sheehan;
ripht field, John Cosgrove. The team is ready
to play any nine on this coast.
THE ANGLER.
Catching: Striped Bass In San Gre-
Korio Lagoon— Notes.
The long-expected face-cleaning of the
earth has arrived and according to latest
advices from the country the streams and
rivers which contained only a few feet of
water a week ago, are now running bank
fall. The heavy downpour of the last few
days will vastly improve the sport of
angling for steelheads in the tidewaters
of streams within easy reach of the city.
At the present writing angling for steel
heads is out of question, as the color of
the water in the creeks resembles pea soup.
Doubtless the conditions favorable to ang
ling will not be such as to guarantee suc
cess to anglers until a week or so after the
cessation of the present storm.
As an evidence that the striped bass are
fast becoming very numerous and that in
a few years hence the lovers of angling
will enjoy the sport of catchine them with
rod and line in the tidewaters of coast
streams, last Thursday Alfred Todhunter
of Redwood City, while fishing for steel
heads in the San Grezorio Lagoon, hooked
and landed eleven bass that averaged from
two pounds to five pounds in weight. The
bass took the sooon in dashing style and
Mr. Todhunter says that they made a very
game tight. As an edible fish they are
highly prized by epicures.
The Call for some years past has been
advocating the introduction of the German
brown trout on this coast, but the State
Fish Commissioners were unable to pro
cure the eggs of this game and beautiful
trout from the United States Fish Com
missioners at Washington, although fre
quently promised a supply. Mr. Emeric
was determined, however, to have "the red
spotted beauties" that are so highly prized
by the anglers and epicures of the old
countries swimming side by side with the
native rainbow in the rivers of this coast,
and with that object in view he was re
lentless in his requests for brown trout
egcs.
It is with pleasure that The Call is in a
position to say that 125,000 eggs are en
route from the Caledonia hatchery of New
York State, and it is hoped that they will
arrive in good condition. The consign
ment of eggs will be taken in charge by
the superintendent of the Sisson hatch
ery. The fry will be liberated when old
enough to paddle their own canoe in the
headquarters of the Truckee, American
and other mountain streams, where they
GEo.;'MiTCHau
OTTO^RrfA^UNSDORfi
will be afforded protection from a horde of
local anglers who basket all kinds and
sizes of trout when on summer outings.
The rainbow trout has proven itself
king of the fresh-water streams of this
coast, but he will have an opponent in the
brown trout that will dispute every inch of
territory. Doubtless many battle* royal
will result when "the brown" will invade
the waters from which the "rainbow" has
driven the Eastern and cutthroat trout.
The rainbow may possibly spring the
Monroe doctrine.
Deputy Fish Commissioner Babcock
states that during a recent visit to Clover
dale and that vicinity he learned from the
residents that the rim of steelheads in the
Russian River during the time of the
i freshet, which occurred in November, was
something wonderful. The Commission
ers had put a stop to net-fishing near the
mouth of the river and when the bar, which
had been blocked by sand for several weeks,
was broken by the freshet the steelheads
lost no time in making good headway to
the spawning beds.
It will be remembered that a long spell
of dry weather followed the first storm cf
the season, resulting in a rapid fall of the
river. The fishes, as a means of protec
tion, were compelled to seek the deepest
pools, where many of them were killed by
spear, net and dynamite. A report of the
slaughter was made at the oftice of the
commission and deputies were dispatched
to Cloverdale, near which place the cap
ture of some men who were seining the
pools resulted.
Commissioner Babcock stated that the '
residents of Cloverdale, Healdsbur.e and ■
other towns within close proximity of the i
river are stroncly opposed to the killing of '
steelheads by means of seine and dyna
mite, and will aid the Commissioners in
causing the arrest of all persons who make '
it a practice of taking fish by these means, j
The San Francisco Rod and Gun Club I
will hold its next banquet and election of
officers on Tuesday evening at the sports- '■
mans headquarters, 16 Market street.
Members appointed to provide game and!
fish for the occasion will leave to-day for j
the happy hunting and fishing grounds of 1
the interior. Sketches of the directors of ■
the club from photographs appear in this
department.
While makine arrests of illegal fisher- '
men at Black Wolf, Wis., on December 30, j
Deputy Game Warden Bonnell whs set j
upon by nine fishermen and a tiercj fight |
took place. Mr. Bonnell had two of the
fishermen under arrest and was in the act
ot taking several set lines and gill nets |
frcm ti>e ice when several fishermen gave \
him orders to return the nets to their com- !
panions. This he refused to do, and a tight j
ensued. During the melee Mr. Bonnell I
was struck over bis back with a shovel, j
Warrants for the arrest of the fishermen
have been issued.
DUCK AND QUAIL.
The President of the Sportsmen's
Protective Association on
Game Preserves.
Local sportsmen have about concluded
that the end of the duck-shooting season
will arrive with the departure of the
present storm. True, there are live weeks
more of an open season, but it will be the
sportsmen of Southern California who will
enjoy the sport of the remaining days.
The thousands of wild ducks which
lined the east shores of the bay for many
weeKs have taken their departure for the
south, and local duck-hunters must de
pend upon p»t luck from now until Febru
ary 15 when the open season will expire.
The canva&back, bluebil! and spoonbill
will not venture far inland, and as there
are thousands of the former kind in the
bay, good sport will attend any sportsman
who locates himself at certain points near
the bay over which the birds pass In their
flight to and from their favorite feeding
grounds.
Richardson's Bay, north of Sausalito, is
a good locality for a morning and evening
shoot, and especially is this a fact at this
time of the year. One of the best points
near the bay where hunters have scored
large bags of "cans" is Hunters Point.
On Thursday evening two young men who
reside in South San Francisco bagged
nineteen ctnvasback and eleven spoonb-lls
in one hour's shooting there, darkness
putting a stop to the sport. Point Isa
belle on the east shore of the bay is also a
William J. Ahera, Gun President of the
Sportsman's Protective Association,
good site for an evening's Jshoot. It is ex
tremely doubtful if any respectable bags
of game will be made to-day or to-morrow
on the marshes mat margin the bay.
Some person, who has written under the
name of Anderson to The Call, wishes to
know if the game warden of this county is
still living, and if dead, when he departed
thia life? Can any one answer this query ?
Some of the insignificant sporting papers
that are advocating the introduction of an
English system of game preserves on this
coast, may take a lesson from the follow
ing "grand" report of game slaughter as
published in the Andover Advertiser of
Hampshire, Eng., under date of Decem
ber 13. Here it is:
Some remarkable shooting took place on the
Highclere estate of the Earl of Carnarvon on
Friday afternoon, notwithstanding the ex
tremely wet weather. The party included
Lord Carnarvon, Earl de <;rey. Prince Victor
Dhuleep Singh, Prince Frederick Dhuleep
Singh, Lord Ashburton, and one otner— six
guns in all. They shot near the lake and
killed no less than 1300 pheasants in three
quarters of an hour. On two previous days
the fame party, shooting over Lord Carnar
von's preserves, killed some 6000 head of
game.
This is supposed to be game protection.
In regard to the large mass-meeting of
NEW TODAT.
Ithim
listless C % A
SLEEPLESS V
i SALLOW SKINNED j
: frequently chew and smoke immense i
: quantities of tobacco and wonder all |
: the time why then look so bad, feel j
: so mean. Try under an absolute guar- :
: antee of benefit and final cure, or money
• refunded, the taking of a single box of
jMO-TO-BAC 111
• regulates tobacco using, «£
: Builds up nervous system,
: makes pure, rich blood. Many report
: a gain of ten pounds In ten days. Go
: buy a box. Try it under your own -)
! DRUGBIST'S GUARANTEE. 557.
form of tobacco using. Our written guar-
: antee. free sample of No-To-Bac and
sS? o k Jfv^ lle T d ,;'4 Q>t ToWco Spit aSd
! Smoke Your Life Away." mailed for tho
: rnvA Address THE STERLING REM-
. EDYCO.. Chicago. Montreal, Can.. N.Y. 63
...»»......., |t||ll>|l . 14^ -iii|||(t||)|>iiit
DASCAHP 1 "^"^ candy cathartic ctiil
t^t-a«S»*#**r*Ci 0 © constipation. OalylW
85-^^)Hf^9 WAliiiuUiJ liit^iyriEDvj^ <reat X v °^ >•
H(K fi §?• (» tion of a j am « French physician, will quickly c? 3'!f c rip-
B\J> /A) U> '\\ T OU3 or diseases of the eenerative organs such^.« VS?»^i* 11 Berw
■ 1 A&W' V* c£tU Insomnia, Pains lnthoßack. Seminal Kmlifon, •vLr° stM T anhoo< Jt
H -' CVPIDWB ■rt«^ M . k JS3 e ffi n r^S?^ffl^ l^ *" taP«tU«r" ttBUw ' to «
Pro?^?,r n cspT!>^^tro^n« t o Tu;r^tt^ trowed
Address DAVOL MEDICINE CO., 632 MarKet street, San Francisco Cal For Sale b,
iSKOU^' PHAKiiAC-i. 119fo O «usSl
I sportsmen and anglers to be held on Tues
i day evening at X of R. B. Hall, which 13
1 situated on the corner of Mason and O Fur
| rell street*, tne following letter has been,
' received from the president of the Sports
; men's Protective Association, which it
j self-explanatory:
To to Sportsmen of the State of California: I
take this method of reaching you and person
ally explaining the aims and objects of the
Sportsmen's Protective Association, which are:
The abolition of game preserve*, the enforce
ment of existing game laws and to secure the
enactment of such further laws as may be
deemed necessary and wise, the protection of
game and fish of the State the uitrouue
-1 tioii and propagation of such desirable, game
animals, birds and fishes as may nourish in
the Slate, the encouragement of field sports,
and to secure to all lovers of the rod and gun
such rights, privileges and pleasures as come
within the province of an association of sports-
The organization of the Sportsmen's Protec
tive Association was made necessary by the for
mation and encroachment of preserve clubs,
which, in defiance of our State laws, have ar
rogated to themselves the right of saying who
shall or who shall not hunt or fish, and during
the past season these preserve clubs have vio
lated our State laws by the blockading of navi
gable sloughs and by their interference with
the rights of American sportsmen. They have
resorted to the petty means of arresting hunters
for trespass when they well knew that the laws
•of the State of California give sportsmen the
t NEW TO-DAY.
llCfm""""""")
'I 1 ~"""~ \
.HARTFORD^
\\ BICYCLES. \
' \ Columbia Models, 40, 41, 42, 44, \
: > $100. (
, \ Columbia, Model 43, Tandems, <.
\\\ Hartford Bicycles^ $SO, $60, $50 \
v. asr Responsible Agents wanted in <
rI ( unoccupied territory. _ >
\ } POPE HIAiWFKTURINO CO., <>
I \ 344 Post St., S. F., Cal. \
)
i
2S^^^i } m * nc Vv/\i •■ l o DO- B^s^igfc -
$ 1 1| f,l r. IS^'lO DO IT! fiffii
E. C. STEARNS & CO.,
304-306 Post Street.
DETASY, IIOPmS & CO., City Agents.
1896 RAMBLERS
HAVE ARRIVED.
; 1895 Models Will be Sold for
555.00.
\ COME WHILE THEY LAST.
: 1596 Ramblers $100.00
1895 Ramblers.;.. 85.00
THOS. H. B. VARNEY,
1325 Market st., S. F.
427 s. Spring st.. Los Angeles.
THE ~ =^
=== B ifIOUHT
FOR
96
THE white RIMMED HUMMER is the COMER
HOOKER & CO.
] Retail Store-No. 1640 Market Street.
! Cyc/ery—Cor. Page and Stanyan Streets.
Wholesale Dent— 16-18 Drumm Street, S. F.
COAST AGENTS FOR ._.
i THE SUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILLROOM
OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN U.NTII; MIDNIGHT.
Weak Men and Women
QHOULD USB DAMIASA BITTERS. THE
O great Mexican Remedy; gives Health **i
I Strength to the Sexual Orcans.nsbttohunt on swamp lands; and In each
c-sp the courts have decided in favor of the
sportsman as against the preserve clubs.
But the end is not yet, for the members of
the so-called preserve clubs are wealthy men
who have voluntarily assessed themselves
larpe suing oi money to still further harass
and annoy the sportsmen of limited means in
the courts.
Now then, it is therefore the proper time for
BYery individual who is antagonistic to the
inauguration of an English system of preserve
clubs in this glorious State to immediately
join the Sportsmen's Protective Association, or
such other kindred organizations as may be
formed throughout this State. If immediate
steps are not taken to obliterate this pernicious
system of preserve clubs, it la clear that within
a very short time none but the wealthy will
enjoy the sports of lield and stream.
This Is no idle talk, for I am creditably in
formed V.i a; there «r<' now in process of for
niation several bodies of wealthy men who
intend leasing the marshes in Alameda,
Sonoma and centra Costa counties, should the
oreeent cases before the courts be decided in
favor ot thejoctopua olubs. Such being the
case as It now stands, unity of action among
sportsmen is imperative. America should be
good enough for Americans, and no English
preserve laws should be tolerated. Tne action
of a certain preserve club which has adopted
tne subterfuge of the Southern Pacific of Ken
tuck), rating under the laws of the
State" oi Colorado, so that it can break the laws
of this S tusively proves who is the
taw breaker, viz. : The Preserve Club or the
true sportsmen >■! California. Very respectfully
yours. William J. AHERK,
President Sportsmen's Protective Association.
A representative of a Novato marsh
duck-shooting club sends the following for
publication:
Ned Belcher, Harry Hammond and the Sta
ples brothers visited the letters' clubhouse,
near Novato, last Sunday, and returned Mon
day with sixty-seven ducks as the result of
their outing. There is no telling how many
they would have bagged if Belcher and Ham
mond had been able to locate their '"blinds"
before they did. As it was they became lost in
the fog, and it was only- by Belcher going in
the opposite direction from which Hammond
said he thought the ponds were that they
found them at all. They report the birds a's
quite plentiful and easily decoyed. The Meri
monte Cub, which is located about one mile
and a half north of their clubhouse, has been
baiting the ponds on their preserve lately, but
Staples thinks it will not hurt the shooting on
their marsh much, and if anything, will give
them a good chance at some of the well- led
birds.
"We noticed in a recent exchange," says
the Sporting Life of New York, "an arti
cle comiK. the fact that promi
nent shooting men takv. part in matches
under an assumed name, and they
wonder what there is about the pastime
that prompts some of the prominent par
ticipants to hide their identity. They
claim that such marksmen as Fred Hoey,
tieorge Work, Edgar Murphy. Charles
Macalester and several others seem glad
to have it Known that they are proficient
in that branch of field work, but four-fifths
of the shooters hide behind the bushes of
assumed names. The exchange goes on to
say that in all other departments' of sport
t;;e contestants are glad to navi- it known
that they excel, but the average trap
shooter is either overweighted by modesty
or else ashamed to have it known that he
indulges in the sport."
The Life goes on to expiain why some
trap-shooters hide their identity under as
sumed names, and the explanation must
•diy amuse the trap-shooters of this
•vho are thoroughly aware of the
shooting abilities of the sporting editors
of the local daily and weekly papers. The
Call is of course excepted, as its sporting
editor prides himself on the fact of having
missed such a big object as an Oakland
ferry-boat on some occasions; but that
was owing to a miscalculation of time and
. se, and is therefore excusable.
"The expianaticu tiiat we can give on
the matter may not be very clear," says
t tie Lite, "but nevertheless there are very
reasons for some shooters using an
assumed name. The first of these reasons
! use of modesty that some men have,
or the position that they hold. Take, for
instance, the case of a reporter or editor
for a shooting paper. He may not feel
like writing up his good scores under his
own naruf! for fear some one will think him
sticaL Another and very important
reason is that of business connections. We
know of one instance where a pigeon-shot,
whose oniy holidays were those spent at
the traps— and these were rather few — was
obliged to stop shooting because of the
publicity given to his shooting, even when
ned name, as reporters
would take special pains to give his cor
rect name in each instance, and it caused
him so much trouble in getting leave of
absence to shoot pigeons that he was
obliged to discontinue the sport. Men
like work, Murphy, Hoey, Macalester and
others of their class are men of leisure
who wouid in no way be affected by the
publicity of their shooting."
The Visiiiia Uelta of the 14th inst. says:
A complaint was Sled in Judge Holder's
court last week charging Dave Carter of Three
Rivers with a violation of the game laws,
namely, kihintr a deer. Carter came in,
pleaded guilty to the charge and paid the fine.
The spirit displayed by Carter in this matter
is highly commendable. He bears no feeling
of ill will against those responsible for his ar
rest, tout seems to be pleased to know that we
have a uamc Warden who is determined to see
the game laws enforced.
Much credit is due Game Warden Weaver
and Supervisor Ellis for the faithful manner in
which they worked to secure the evidence in
this case, which, had the case gone to trial,
would have been more than sufficient t<J secure
a conviction.
is but the beginning: of the war.
Several more prosecutions will iollow as soon
wry evidence can be secured.
stated that in a certain well-known set
lie mountain? 61 this county deer
arv killed at any ami all t-easoiis of the year.
i en thisiniormaUon 11 r. Weaver has
taken sieps to secure the necessary evidence
eeainst the offenders, and it is safe to predict
that ere long they will find out that deer meat
mes is dear meat, and the provisions ol
nur time laws are to be rigidly enforced in
". County.
THE OARSMEN.
Investigating the Standing of Ama
teurs—The Arlels* High Jinks.
The oarsmen are smarting under the
investigation to be made shortly by
the Pacific Athletic Association in re
gard to professionals and diligently hunt
ing up their prizes won in the Stockton,
Sacramento and El Campo regattas; for
every one who competed in these reeattas
must produce his prize or be classed a^ a
professional. >^
The association has several names on its
list to investigate, and if the men are
proven professionals some of the favorite
oarsmen will be relegated to the ranks of
the "has beens," for there is no profes
sional rowing nowadays.
Several of the oarsmen who suspect their
names to be on the investigating commit
tee's list say that if disbarred from ama
teur contests they will make every entry
in future races, and court an investigation
as to their amateur standing before enter
ing a contest.
This move of the association is meeting
with disfavor in local boating circles, as
rules in regard to boat-racing have not
been strictly enforced heretofore and many
have unconsciously overstepped the
bounds.
Sdme of the clubs express the opitu on
that the athletic clubs have too much say
in the association and that rowing is not
given the same prospectus as the other
sports Id the way of advancement.
The Alameda Boat Club coincides with
the Ariel Boat Club In regard to the sev
eral flubs joining th<' National Rowing
Association of America, a& this organiza
tion deals directly with boat rowing.
All preparations for the Ariel Club's
high jinks to-morrow are complete, and to
lend zest to the occasion an inter-club re
gatta wiii be held, weather permitting.
Kaceß will be called at 11 a. m., and the
following have entered: Outrigger skiffs —
.1. R. Bockrnan, J. Coughlin, E. Flanders,
H. Stevenson, R. Kllis and H. Pless. Pair
oared shell — George T. McGinniss, the
wrestler, and J. SlcAuliff against N. J.
l'rendergast and J. Nolan. Iv addition to
these tnere will be a barge race between
two selected crews and a single scull race
against time by D. J. Sheean.
The officers will be : Referee, J. N yland ;
judges, W. A. McGnlJ, Walter Blake and
W. T. Howe; timekeepers, L. Stevenson
and N. Knright.
The Dolphins held a Whitehall and
swimming race at North Beach last Sun
day. R. Givannim beat A. Austin in the
wlutehallsand Peter yon Hadelen defeated
Adam Schupper in the swimming match.
George Bulli van, late of tfae Pioaeer Ciuiy
has joined the Dolphins, along with J. G. '
Earls and J. Cashin.
A handsome hand-carved sign, emblem
atic of the Dolphin Club, has been pre
sented to the club by J. and W. Laib, who
have just become members.
The ladies' crew of the Pioneer Rowing
Club were the attraction of all eyes, as
they rowed along the front last Sunday in
a racing barge. They were entirely with
out chaperons and were saluted by tugs |
and steamers and cheered by the crowds |
on the wharves as they passed by. They j
rowed around the cruiser Boston, and the
stars and stripes were dipped in their
honor. The members of the crew are:
Miss . Alice Brennan, stroke; Mis? May
Kenny, afterwaist; Miss Rose Callopy,
forwardwaist; Miss Hattie Callopy, bow,
and Miss Lilly Dwyer, cockswain.
The Olympic Club boating annex is
! working in conjunction with the Univer
sity in regard to the style of racing shell
to be built, aa their intentions are to have \
boats built exactly alike. !
The installation of officers in the South
End Club on the 14th inst. was made the
occasion of a high jinks, and the club
races resulted as follows: Whitehalls— Dan
Connoly beat Joe Myland, and Jim Fickett
'■■ and Charles Cutter, who rowed a dead j
heat, will row it off to-morrow.
Barges— E. Scully. Jim Fickett, Ed Pal
! las and Charles ("utter defeated J. Maho
! ney, \V. To bin, A. O' tiara and E. Foley.
I As the latter race was won on a foul a re
turn match is desired by the defeated crew.
The club's four-oared shell met with a mis
hap last Sunday. As the craft was enter
! ing the boat slip Duplissea turned around
! suddenly and precipitated the crew into
the water. The boat was slightly dam
aged. Its occupants were: F. Duplissea,
bow; T. Fitzgerald, No. 2; Ed Slattery,
No. 3; Ai Fritz, stroke.
A handball tournament will be held at
'■ the Olympic Club by members of the
i South End Club. John O'Gara was elected
chairman of the board of trustees, W. F.
■■ Humphreys having resigned.
Charles Cutter, a prominent member of
, the Olympic Club, is now considered one
of the South End's best oarsmen.
The South End boathouse will, in all
probability, have to be moved, as th 6
Valley road has already commenced driv
ing piles in Mission Bay.
It is the intention of the club to move
[ to Oakland Creek, and to do this the house
1 will be placed on a Darge and towed across
th«> bay.
The Oriels, the youngest boating organ
; ization on the coast, have had a damper
cast over tfieir boating enthusiasm.
The little fellows, who were at times club
I cockswains, have been paying for a barge
owned by a party at Tiburon, but have
■ just learned that the boat was demoralized
I by the recent southeaster.
The crew was composed of James Law
less, stroke: William Scanlon, afterwaist;
George McDermolt, forwardwaist, and D.
Crowiey, bow.
THE NATIONAL CLUB.
An Association for the Advance-
ment of Physical Culture.
A new athletic club has been formed
which will be known as the National Club
of Physical Culture.
J. Ross Jackson is the president and
under his watchful eye and able manage
ment the new athletic organization should
nourish. The Mayor has given the Na
tional Club permission to hold boxing con
tests not to exceed eight rounds in con
junction with other kinds of indoor sport,
such as wrestling, gymnastics, fencing, etc.
The first entertainment will be given on
the evening of January 31 at some hall yet
to be named, possibly the Auditorium,
and the proceeds of "the entertainment
will be handed over to the managers of
the Children's Hospital. It was stated
last evening that an endeavor will be made
to-day to match Danny Needham and
George Green for an eight-round contest,
to be decided on the evening in question.
THE SWORDSMEN.
Sergeant Owen Davis Has Accepted
the Challenge of Ivan Malchin.
In answer to Ivan Malchin'a letter, which
appeared in The Call of Wednesday last,
Sergeant Owen Davis of the Presidio, sends
the following reply, which speaks for it
self:
BAH Francisco, Jan. 17.1596.
To Sporting Editor, San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: Will you kindly publish in your paper
my acceptance of the challenge issued by C B.
Solms on benalf of Ivan Malchin, the Russian
champion swordsman, and I will be at your
office to-morrow, January 18, at 5 o'clock, p. m.,
to name time and place of meeting; also to
deposit with you $250. Trusting Mr. Solms, or
Ivan Malchin, will also be present fully pre
pared, I remain, sincerely yours,
Sergeant 1 Owen Davis.
HANDBALL.
San Francisco and Occidental Court
Players Will Contest.
The handball games that will take placo
at P. Ryan's San Francisco ball court to
morrow are:
P. Ryan and J. Rodgers vs. G. McDonald and
M. McNeil; J. McDermott and D. Finnigh.ii vm.
]). Connolly and R. Shea; J. Nelson and J.
Prendergast vs. P. Kelly and J. Slattery; W.
Williams nnd J. Lawless vs. M. Dillon and G.
Hutchinson. The final game of the day will
be the match between J. Harlow, the coast
champion, and Al Pennoyer of the Ban Fran
cisco court against P. Donnelly, the amateur
champion, and T. F. Bonnett of t'ue Occidental
court.
Coursing.
The following are the greyhounds en
tered for Sunday's coursing :
John Kerrigan's Lord Clifton vs. D. Tweedie's
Dublin Stout, T. Butler's Faster and Faster vs.
John Kerrigan's St. Lawrence, F. C. Randolph's
Trlx vs. S. Quane's Captain Morse, J. Byrnes'
Mohawk vs. D. Dunlea's Sweeper, D. Tweedie's
White Bustle vs. Bay Farm kennel's Mission
Boy, Richmond kennel's Richmond Boy vs. J.
J. Edmunds' Hercules, J. J. Edmunds' "Valley
Queen vs. Richmond kennel's Longfellow,
J. J. Edmundi' Vida Shaw vs. C. Evans' Dash
away.
Puppy stake— T. Moore's Monitor vs. Sunrise
kennel's Jenny Lind, M. O'Connor's Marguer
ite vs. M. Welsh's Topsy, T. Walton's Bob
olink vs. J. Byrnes' Seminole, A. Merrill's
Tommy Hall vs. J. Byrnes' Mohawk, W. Ram
sell's Nelly C vs. P. McKane's Flam bo.
A telegram that was received last even
ing from the Sacramento Coursing Club
stated that the finish of last Sunday's
meeting has been postponed in conse
quence of the wet weather.
Nominations for the next meeting, which
will be held at Newark Park on the 26th
inst.. will take piace on Friday evening.
tJfe 24th inst.
THE GRAND JURY.
A Long Segfiion and Conference With
District Attorney Barnes— Cano
and the Jurors.
The Grand Jury held a regular session
yesterday afternoon. Only one juror of
the nineteen was absent. The session
lasted for nearly three hours, and during
much of the time District Attorney Barnes
was in the room advising the jurors or giv
ing them sucn information aa they desired.
It is known that many communications
were read and discussed, but it was as
eerted by several persons that no partic
ular line of investigation had been adopted
Enrico Cano was called to the iary-roorn
and remained a short time. lie was be
fore the Grand Jury of which Oliver Eld
ridge was foreman, but did not convince
that body that his case demanded investi
gation. Mr. Cano entertains the belief
that a conspiracy has been formed to in
jure his business and place his life in peril.
He is possessed with the notion that among
the conspirators are certain jewelers who
are bent on destroying his trade with Cen
tral American and Mexican purchasers of
jewelry. He says that he was assaulted at
the Occidental Hotel, badly bruised and
battered and then arrested "for disturbing
the peace. He says that an evening paper,
which published some time since an elab
orate story of Jake Rudolph's career, ran
a picture of himself to illustrate the story.
X. O. B. B. Grand Lodge.
The session of the Grand Lodge, I. O. O. 8.,
will be held on Sunday, the 26th, instead of to
&QiiQ\r t «s previously announced.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
A NEW PRACTICE TRACK.
The Pacific Coast Jockey As
sociation Improves Its
Track.
A JUDGE'S UNBIASED OPINION.
He Says Ingleside Is Destined to Be
One of the Finest Racecourses
in America.
The Pacific Coast Jockey Club, in line
\*ith its policy and desire to elevate and
improve horseracing on this coast, has al
most completed its magnificent practice
track at the Ingleside course.
At a glance the full meaning of the term
"practice track" conveys nothing unusual,
but those who understand its value and
utility are frank to admit that its intro
duction in the West was a master stroke
in the interests and future of horseracing.
It 13 the first to bo constructed in this
section of the country and must neces
sarily be followed by others. No track to
day is complete without its practice track
as a side issue and none are more bene
fited by it than the horsemen.
One of the judges of the Pacific Coast
Association, a gentleman whose horse
sense and horse knowledge are recognized
by all men who understand the ins and
outs of the business, said in a conversa
tion yesterday:
"I have traveled all over America and
have spent most of my time aronnd the
racetracks. But in the many years that I
have been encaged in that occupation I
have never seen a track so capable of abso
lute perfection as the Ingleside track. Its
drainage is simply perfect and the direc
tors and president, Mr. SprecKels, appear
to be desirous of making it the paragon
course west of Chicago. When I first came
here there was nothing but a stretch of iow
hi ils and gulches where the track now
rests, but to-day it is in condition to justify
the appearance of the best horses in Amer
ica on its level. We all know how the
m ovement was started and but few people
in this City have failed to visit the result.
A small army of employes have been at
work there and over 150 men a?e still em
ployed on the ground. They are not at
work on the main track, for that is com
pleted and is a credit to the coast, but they
are occupied in completing the practice
tra ck.
"A practice track, you must understand,
serves many purposes that are not implied
in its title: First of all it is principally
for what its name suggests and is invalua
ble for horsemen to train their animals on,
particularly because it at no time inter
feres with the main track. No matter how
much racing is going on in the outside
course, the inside road is free from any
programme that interferes with training.
For instance, I will illustrate: If tne reg
ular events of the day are being disposed
of and a jockey wants to exercise his
horse, he nxußt wait until the track is
clear, that is providing there is but one
truck, and his hours for exercising are
necessarily limited. On the other hand,
when a practice track is a part of the
features of the club, the jockeys and
trainers can go right on working their
horses all they please without interfering
witn the prepared races. This in itself is
one of the principal advantages to be
derived from a practice track, and the
owners of runners in consequence hail the
appearance of this particular track with
unbounded satisfaction.
"Now, that is not all. There are a great
many things to be reckoned in this in
stance and I would not be surprised even
then if I have forgotten something. Sup
pose, for instance, the weather is bad and
considerable rain has fallen, the main
track will become muddy or heavy, as the
horsemen term it, and the practice track is
then utilized as a temporary substitute,
during which time the main track answers
all practicing purposes and the horsemen
go right on without interruption training
and exercising their animals. Thus it will
be seen that both tracks perform a double
function. Owners of horses are ihe first
to profit by this arrangement, as it per
mits them to keep their norses in the very
best physical condition! auu all meo who
know anything about horses realize the
necessity of this.
"Another thing not to be forgotten is
the fact that the practice track has a sand
surface and will not get muddy in bad
weather and will only require rolling after
each race to put it in condition for the
next. There will be no splashing of
weather slop and things will be a great
deal cleaner. While touching on this
matter it might be well to illustrate how
substantial the main track is in sloppy
weather. . ** J
"This week, for instance, we have had
several days of very muddy racing,
yet in the face of it all the horses' hoofs
could be distinctly heard striking the hard
and solid surface clear over on the back
stretch. The thump, thump, thump of
flying feet was audible clear over to the
grandstand. To be sure there w?s a thin
6heet of mud over it all, but this illustra
tion serves to show that there was a solid
foundation under it notwithstanding the
severe cutting up that always occurs dur
ing the rainy season. The practice track
will lessen this condition of things and im
mediately the track get 3 thick the horses
can go on the practice track at a moment's
notice.
SOME OF THE LEADING SPIRITS IN THE NEW RACING ENTERPRISE.
''All around Between the two tracks is a
deep drain and water will run off readily.
It required a great deal of material in the
siiape of earth and rocks to till in the gul
iies and instead of using the inside fence
of the outer track to serve as the outside
fence of the inner track, separate fences
have been constructed and the effect is
very satisfactory to the eye.
"There is no other sight to equal it on
any track on this coast. It if, in a few
words, the finisninj* stroke to one of the
finest racetracks in America, and no horse
man who appreciates such things will fail
to acknowledge it. It is in every way a
convenience, and is the greatest possible
boon to the animal. They will be under
absolutely no restrictions "now, and every
thing will move along in a most sys
tematic manner. You ask me what the
expense of such a track will be. Ido not
know the exact figures, but it is in the
neighborhood of $50,000. Remember, there
is a vast amount of lumber in the two
fences, to say nothing of the expense of
getting in the dirt and the foundation. It
must be on the same level with the big
track, and it simply means g"i:ig over the
ground again on a smaller scale.
"I should estimate the practice track at
about seven-eighths of a mile in circum
ference and about 60 feet wide. Aside from
the sand surface, to be used particularly
during wet weather, it is made the game
as the outside track, anil a careful survey
was gone through with to give it the same
level."
"What will be done with the interior of
the inclosure after the practice track is
completed?" was asked.
"I believe it is the intention of the
directors to rill that in also and convert it
into a polo ground for the members of the
club. A handsome clubhouse will be
erected on the ocean side of the grand
stand and every modern convenience will
be on hand to add to the comfort of the
members. It is probable that a bridge
will extend from the grand stand to the
clubhouse for the more convenient passage
of the members.
"The more I see of the Ingleside track
the more thoroughly convinced I am that
it is one of the best we have in the country.
The location is admirable, and the average
weather of California is far better than
that of any other part of America. While
this grand stand we have here is not the
largest in the country, it is so arranged
thai the 6000 people seated there can see
every inch of the track without incon
venience. Aside from the seating capa
city, there is standing-room for half as
many more. The whole buildins is a
most symmetrical structure and its sur
roundings are in keeping with the entire
arrangement.
'•I am of the belief that when the polo
grounds are completed and the clubhouse
is erected the finishing touches will
result in the final completion of one of the
most picturesque tracks for racing and
athletic purposes that has ever been con
structed in the United States. All of the
features that ho.ye been tne attraction bo
far will be enlarged and improved upon
and the benefit will be tenfold to the asso
ciation.
"Ladies' day has become a fixture and
is already a society event. The high moral
tone of the races and the realization that
th« love of horses and speed is worthy of
cultivation has made it possible to keep
tip the approval of the better class of citi
zens who appreciate the good that such an
enterprise is to the State of California and
the coast generally. The men at the head
of the club are too well known here in the
Weßt to need any laudation at my hands.
The fact that they have carried out tbeir
promises and given California the best
races she has ever had is sufficient to com
mend the gentlemen to the further confi
dence of the people of thin State. I speak
as one who is not a resident of California
and am thoroughly unbiased. I bave
come here for the purpose of seeing and
appreciating tiie races Ueld h,ere and I ani
very much impressed with the whole
affair. ■ • , ■
"It may not be generally admitted by
old Californians, but it is nevertheless
true, that horseracing is in its infancy on
this coast, and is yet to see a stimulus that
will not only amaze the old residents but
greatly delight the devotees .of the sport.
Already it i 3 taking hold of people who
never believed that a horserace was any
thing other than a hippodrome, but square
dealing and reputable men at the head of
such a venture will always win out to the
satisfaction of everybody.
"People ask whether or not the track is
on a paying basis. It would seem so from
the way they are putting up improve
ments, and pushing every possible advan
tage to the front that may arise from per
fecting the track and its contiguous at
tractions. The stables are the finest that
can be built for the purpose, and we all
know that every modern convenience can
be found there.
"This meeting will close for two weeks
on Wednesday next, and the Bay District
meet Will open for two weeks. 1 think it
13 safe to say that when Ingleside comes
in again the practice track will be
ready for use, and if it ever comes to the
proposition it will be possible to run
double races, but I thinl: myself thattme
good lively race is about all a crowd of peo
ple care to watch at a time. Mark my
words, ingleside is destined to be a gigantic
affair and the time is not far away."
ATHLETES UNDER OATH.
Amateur Players Must Make
Affidavits That They Are
Genuine.
The Pacific Association to Make an
Investigation Into Prominent
Clubs.
The investigation committee of the
Pacitic Amateur Athletic Association of
the American Union met last night in the
Olympic Club and began an examination
which athletes have declared may cause a
rumpus the like of which was never before
experienced in amateur athletic circles.
Members of the committee paid they
meant business, and that might be con
strued to mean that no influence or
social standing of amateur athletes could
affect the attitude of the committee
toward men who had violated association
rules and thus passed into the professional
class.
The committee consists of John Elliott,
Olympics; W. R. Berry, Reliance; N. F.
Humphreys, South End Rowing Clnb;
and W. F. Jaunet, St. Mary's College.
These censors, for such they really are,
met to formulate a plan of acton looking
toward the investigation of amateur
athletes and amateur teams suspected of
having violated rules restricting amateurs.
After a lon<r discussion it was' decided to
summon thirty-two amateur athletes,
managers of the University of California,
Reliance and Olympic football teams,
Olympic Baseball Club and class A and
class B wheelmen, who are about to enter
the proposed baseball club, to appear
before the committee Tuesday night and
virtually show cause why they should not
be adjudged professionals and so thrown
out of the Amateur Athletic Association of
the American Union.
A notary public will be present Tuesday
night and each member subpenaed to
appear shall on that occasion make affi
davit that he did not violate the amateur
rules, and if unable to account satisfac
torily for his contests in the year lsy.s he
shall be declared a professional athlete.
Class A and class B wheelmen are about
to enter in ball games, and as the commit
tee regard class B men as professionals it
will declare class A men who compete
with them professionals also. By this
action the A men will lose their Btanding
in the League of American "Wheelmen,
which will support the local association in
regard to classification of amateur and
professional athletes.
Kohn Rues Braverman.
As a sequel to the Braverman failure comes
a suit by Jsaach Kohn to foreclose on a mort
gage for $13,200 which he holds on a lot on
Eddy street, near Octavia, belonging to Louis
Braverman. Kohn charges that the Braver
inau failure had for its only purpose the de
preciation of his mortgage securities in order
that Braverman may evade the mortgage, and
his Buit follows as a result.
■ Cuvier is authority for the statement
that the life of a whale may extend over a
period exceeding 1000 years.
VALLEY ROAD'S PETITION
To Ask the Supreme Court to
Reconsider a Plea for a
Right of Way.
FRANCHISE THROUGH FRESNO.
Points of the Case Rendering the Man
damus as Prayed for Equitable
Under the Law.
E. F. Preston, attorney for the San Fran
cisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway
Company, will file with the Supreme
Court to-day a petition for a rehearing in
the railroad's request that the Board of
Trustees of the city of Fresno be con
strained to act in the matter of granting
the new road a right of way along Q
street in that city.
The original petition was returned by
the Supreme Court last Saturday with the
single indorsement, "writ denied," and
the renewed attempt is an elaboration of
every ;,oint made in the original, together
with an explanation of the act of 1893 and
a statement of the only remedy open to
the petitioners.
In substance the statute of 18&3 provides
for the sale of railroad and other fran
chises in municipalities to the highest
bidder after the particular course of the
proposed line through the incorporated
town has been duly advertised.
First— The Valley road maintains that
the act does not apply to steam railroad
corporations, but that "it is designed to
regulate the granting of franchises to street
railways; this particular right of way for
a steam railroad is only a link in the great
course of the Valley road, and cannot be a
matter for competitive bidding as in the
case of a franchise lor the privilege of op
erating a streetcar system.
Second— lt is claimed that the act is un
constitutional because, contrary to the
constitution of the State of California, it
embraces in its title more than one sub
ject: "An act to provide for the sale of
railroad and other franchises in munici
palities and relative to the eranting of
franchises." The intent of the constitu
tional provision is to prevent the union in
one set of incongruous matters and busi
ness having no connection nor relation.
Mandamus is declared to be the proper
remedy in the premises on the ground
that the Board of Trustees of the city of
Fresno is a public body ; that a steam rail
road is a public use, and that consequently,
according to one of many similar authori
ties, "When a public body or officer has
been clothed by statute with power to do
an act which'concerns the public interest or
the rights of third persons, the execution
of the power may be insisted upon as a
duty, though the phraseology of the
statutes be permissive merely and not
peremptory."
The petition during the elaboration of
its case says:
A steam railroad asks permission to use cer
tain public streets. The board advertises for
bids, and John Doe, who has never made any
application, is the highest bidder, and the
board grants him a franchise. When does the
explication of this railroad receive any con
sideration whatever? What becomes of the
rights flowing to the company i>y virtue of its
franchise obtained by its organization under
and its compliance with the general laws of
the State relating to raiiroad corporations ?
What other remedy has this petitioner but
mandamus?
If it fail by reason of not being the highest
bidder how can it get across any road, or
series of roads or streets? In this view it is
not absurd to say that when such a road as a
part of its system locates its line ''along or
upon" a road in a county, or a street in a city,
it can proceed no f irther with its construction
unless it happen to succeed in placing the
highest tender for the privilege with the gov
erning board or council.
None other than the promoters of the main
line could make a bona fide bid. The system
between its termini being an entirety, both by
constitution and statute, how can it be put up
for sale upon competition in small parcels?
Imagine being required to be the successful
bidder for each separate privilege, no matter
how small or how necessary, particnlarly
when there can be no bidder except a corpora
tion duly qualified under the general law to
exercise the franchise of v steam road.
The power to operate a steam road and to
charge and collect tolls iv the character of
charges for freights and fares is a franchise
and can be only exercised by qualified corpora
tions.
E. P. Preston, when seen last night,
Baid; "I cannot tell what tfce cause oi the
denial .of the original petition was.
My present course is necessarily one in
the dark on that account. Before I did
not touch upon the act of 1893, as I con
sidered that a matter for argument, but in
the more elaborate petition I have dis
cussed that subject.
"The people of Q street might combine
and bid against us or the Southern Pacific
might bid, but I have no fear of that. We
would be placed in a position in which we
would not know how much to bid. ,
'"The idea is that if we are subjected to
this act in one case we will be put to the
hazard everywhere else, not only in
Fresno, but in Merced, and, I think, in
Visalia. v':V
"No rights o! way through incorporated
towns have been asked for since the pas
sage of this act, ana consequently we have
no decisions to guide us."
WARWICK WESTOS DEAD.
An Eminent Underwriter raises Away
and Is Buried at Sen.
News was received in this City yester
day of the death of Warwick Weston,
general manager of the New Zealand
Insurance Company, on the steamer Rome
while on his way to India. It was a great
surprise to Hugh Craig, who is general
manager of the company's United States
business, and to several of the local under
writers who.were intimate friends of the
deceased.
The dispatch announcing Mr. Woston's
death was rather meager of details, as it
stateil only that he had died December 11
near Colombo, and was buried at sea.
Mr. "Weston was well known in San
Francisco, having visited this City
repeatediy and at frequent intervals for a
quarter of a century. He was regarded as
an eminent authority on lire and marine
insurance as well as a succesafn] under
writer. It has been said of him by local
underwriters that he was as intimate with
risks in San Francisco as in Calcutta or
Auckland, and all this special knowledge
he carried in his brain.
He made a complete circle of the globe
every other year to examine personailv
the various agencies of hia company, and
through that means became familiar with
insurance affairs in different count
knowledge posst -til in Mich full means, a >
it is said, by no other man. During his
visits to San Francisco his pleasant person
ality endeared him to a number of
insurance underwriters, club men and
members of the mercantile community.
Mr. "\\'e«ton was about 60 yean of age
and a native of England. He was general
manager of hia company for thirty years.
SWAN IS GROWING POOR
He Says His Business Brings
Him but $500 a
Month.
Unpaid AlimoDy and Unpaid Interest
Make Him a Defendant in
Court.
There was a good part of yesterday' 3
session of Department 3 of the Supe
rior Court taken up when Jabez
Swan, the ex-Railroad Commission
er, was on the rack. His ex-wifa
was suing to have him compelled to live
up to an alimony contract or go to jail for
contempt of court.
When on OctoberO, 1894, Mr?. Swan upon
a cross-complaint secured a divorce on the
ground of cruelty Swan signed an agree
ment by which he was bound to pay $200 a
month alimony, $"21 a month interest on
a $3000 mortgage until May 10, 1895, and
then the mortgage itself. He kept up his
payments until April of last year and then
he dropped to $30 n week with no interest.
Then wuen the time came around he did
not pay the mortgage.
He was cited to appear under a compre
hensive "order to show cause," and he ap
peared yesterday. He told a tale of woe
seldom equaled.'
Thecloihe3 he had on his back had been
worn for six months, he said, but an equal
time must elapse before he could purchase
more. The shoes he had -were weather
beaten and almost in fragments, but ho
said he had no others. Matt Sullivan,
Mrs. Swan's attorney, questioned this
statement and also the witness, and he
found that Jubez had worn a different pair
on Thursday, but had put his old ones on
yesterday.
It was also gathered, after judicious
questions, that Swan's business was going
to the dogs. He used to earn $lij'iU ;i
month, he saiil . but that was when he was
a Railroad commissioner. Of this sum
$250 represented his salary from the com
mission, $250 was what he received from
his advertising privileges at the ferries,
and $500 he received from his business.
But politics changed and cost him $250 a
month. Signs were ordered from the ferry
depots, and that cost him $250 a month
more, and now he and his partner were
struegling along on $.500 a month. Of this
his partner received 25 per cent. He had
paid alimony as long as he could, he said,
and to pay more would be to drive him to
bankruptcy.
Sullivan questioned him very closely,
and finally referring to his administration
asked him if he had not told his ex
wife that he had received at stated periods
goodly sums from the railroad. Mr. Swan
said he had not. Then he was asked if he
nad married his second wife the day after
the divorce. He said no, he had not. On
the second day after then. No; not on
that, either. Then on the third day? Mr.
Swan's wrath grew as he said "No" again ;
but to the next question he admitted tbat
he found a second wife eight days after
his divorce.
The case was taken under advisement
unti! the court should figure out how
much Swan should pay. In the mean
time an execution for $4i!00, principal and
interest, has been issued to protecr the
$5000 mortgage.
NEW TO-DAT.
ES 4By'ijß^ (^f^j^bp^ j
X
, in flavor, uniformiiy so/ \
made of flavor, uniformily so, *
made of carefully grown and f
i carefully selected Havana leaf, w
* istheHewESTßELia. New crop, )
p in new light colors, and new i
sizes— a new delight for you \
\ if you try one. 2 for 25c, 3 \
r for 25c, and JOe straight. f
f ESBERG, BACHMAN & CO., Wholesalers. $
fIBBBf WULCOX COMPOUND
"fANSYmPILLS
~~ safe and SURE. Always reliable. Take
DOBUDstltute. Forsalebyalldrnegists. $2.00. Send
4c. for Woman' s Safeguard. WIX.COX SPECIFIC!
CO., m SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHIL AD A., PA.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Eighteen Failures !ast week,
s.iver nnchanged.
Wheat and Barley Futures stronger.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
arrivals ol Bran.
Beans dull. Bay quiet.
salt in better supply and lower.
•attaerdnlL
Tallow qnlet and cheap.
Butu r and Cheese in li?ht supply.
ilnue to shade off.
■ ■ m Poultry !a.
i.auie arrives in bad order.
Fruit very dull.
smali sales of Dried Fruit and Balilns.
Provisions unchanged.
lotatlons as before.
V. 1 Mill B BUBKAO REPORT.
United States Department of Aoricttl-
TCRK, Wkathkr Bureau, BAN Francisco, Jan
uary 17, 1596. 5 r. m.—Weather conditions and
general forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date i
ns pared with those of the same dat« last sea- |
son: Eureka ——. last season 26.20: Red Bluff j
8.40. last season 18.86; San Francisco 6.55, last I
season 18.13: Fresno 1.89, last, season 8.33; San
Luis Obispo 5.94, las; season 17.48: Los Angeles
2.61! last sea* 8.99: San Diego 1.65, last season
7/26; Y:in:a .32, last season 2.99.
KIVI X AND i: KM I.'I'ATA.
'
I r:
Stations. | 5 I
Stations. | 5 ;
s
i
SIsson !
Dunsmulr
Redding
Red Bluff 22.0
olusa 25.0
Juincv
Nevada City
:>rovil!e -' 0
Marysville 28.5
!srb
E-'olsom ' ' V '.'.'.'.. 35.6 j
Sacramento 280 j
a: o j O s
o I § jf.1
; | ?:-
: * — i T : *°
i i
T5.01!.'!"! !"'!*!! '.'.'.'.'.'.
22.0 8.0 falling
23.3 rising
i 17.0! rising
! 17.0 5.2 rising I
! I
: 18.5J 10.0 rising
| 19.71...... rising
The r.torm continues Off the Wash ngton coast.
the lowest pressure being at Port Angeles. Cloudy
weather an>l rain with brisk to high southeasterly
wimis prevail this evening over the entire Pacific
Slope. Heavy rain has fallen in t ie valley region
and along the" coast of California, from San Fran
cisco to sail Luis Obisoo. The pressure is risi 1 g
rapidly over Washington and Oregon, but is falling
Slightly along the Central California coast. An
areaot high pressure exists over the LTpperMis
souri Valley and may cause cold weather in tnat
region. The tempi rature has remained stationary
over the entire Pacific slope, except over Washing
ton and -North' Oregon, where it has risen
slightly. At San Francisco the rainfall for this
storm "up to 5 p. if. amounts 2.45 inches. Storm
southeast signals are ordered from ."■'an Francisco
nonlnvar;! Ann? the California coast
Forecast made at >an Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight January 18. 1896:
Northern California—Cloudy weather and rain;
stationary temperature; southeasterly gales.
southern California—Cloudy weather and rain;
stationary temperature: fresh southerly winds.
Nevada—Cloudy weather with rain or snow;
cooler In the northern portion.
l"tah—Cloudy weather and probably rain or
snow: colder In the northern porion.
-Increasing cloudiness and probably
rain in the extreme southwestern portion; station
ary temperature.
San Francisco an '. vicinity—Cloudy weather
and showers: stationary temperature; high south
easterly winds.
A. Me A die. Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.—This was an un
usually dull day at the Mock Exchange. The
transactions aggregated 113,150 shares. The deal-
i ngs wen- almost entirely professional and the
movements in quotations exceedingly erratic.
Generally speaking the market ruled higher during
the first half of the day and lower toward the close.
In the early improvement Manhattan, Tobacco,
Sugar and Wheeling and Lake Erie. Jersey Central '
were most conspicuous. The gains in these varied J
from'i to I*B percent. As th' day advanced the :
streetaeemedto have renewed apprehension as to !
the effect upon tiie local money market of the pros
pective payments for the Government loan.
At any rate the talk to this effect was made the
prete.xt tor a raid upon the market, and prices de
clined all around The bears were most successful
in the case of the industrials, Leather preferred
selling down 2>4 to fili.t, sugar IV: toloii.>, !
Chicago Gas I 1 " to 651 >.. Colorado Fuel andiron ,
11 1 to 263. : and Manhattan l 1 4to 99- 4. The rail- '
road list yielded *i to is,,, the latter In Rock
Island, and the market left off dull and rather
weak in lone. Net changes show loss..* of 1-4 to
1"« per cent. Lake Shore and Southern Railway
preterred ling. The loss in the industrials
ranged from 14 to 21, ■_. per cent.
Bonds were lower, sales footed up $1,015,000.
Cleveland and Canton firsts fell 1* g to 79, Kansas
Pacific cons sixes certificates 1 to 73, Oregon
Improvement consol fives 3 to 30, Mobile and
Ohio general fours '• ._. to ti.v- 2- susquehann< and
Western general sixes brought 75*4, against 851.2
before to-day. In Government bonds -f 10.000
coupon fours of 1925 brought 116V2 and $2000
coupon lives 1 !..'• 4.
<irain.
Fl.OVP—Qtiiet. steady. Winter wheat, low
grades. -T2 '256i2 65; do fair to fancy. $2 65®
:< 30: do patents. $3 45rffi3 75: Minnesota clear.
?2 50@8 10: do straits. (3@3 35; do patents, $3 15
(.7.4 10: low extras.'*2l!s@2 65; City Mills. S3 90
(5.4: do patents. *4@4 25. Rye mixture. $2 10@
3 20; superfine. -. B2 20. Southern flour—Steady ;
common to lair extras, -J 1002 80; good to choice
do. $2 90,'a3. Rye flour— Dull", steady, $2 40(0.285.
Buckwheat llour. .f 1 2">((£1 30.
BL'CKWII X A T- 3 S > 40J
COKNMKAL yellow Western, )*2 25®
2 30: Brandy wine. $2 25.
RYE—Nominal:
KARLKY—Nominal: No. 2 Milwaukee, 47c; un
graded Western, 39|d40c.
BAKLEY MALl—Nominal.
WHEAT— firmer, with ontions: No. 2 red,
store, and elevator. 701 t@7o*4c; afloat. 71^i@72c;
f. 0.b.. 71-r.ft(fl.7H.r.. :■; ungraded red. 65@74c: No. 1
northern. 7OV4@VOii,c.
Options were fairly active and firm at 3«@i/fec
advance on foreign buying, firmer West and local
covering. May m< st active. No. 2 red, January,
•- sc; February, 69c; March, 69% c; May, 675/gc:
June and July. 67c.
CORN— Dull; firm. No. 2, 351 ,. 2 i- elevator; 3bi/oc
afloat.
Options-were dull and steady at 1 a' 4c advance,
following the West and on local coverings. Janu
ary, 35'2C: February. :-io'4<:; May, 35VsC; July,
36^%c; May most active.
OATS — Dull, steady. Options quiet, firmer.
January and February, 24c: May. 2414 c. Spot
prices: No. 2. Ui*Ac No. 3 white, 25Vic: No. 2
Chicago 2.Va -."■ ■4 ■ : No. 3, '-••->:< 4c: No. 3 white.
24V*c: mixed Western, 26Q3b^4c; white State
and Western. 24i.ir5.-2ftV 2c.
FEEI> BRAN—bO@6'2^C
Ml DDLINGS -65@70c
BYE— Feed, 60(9»0J>c.
I'rovisions.
BEEF—steady, family, $10 10@10 50: extra
mess, $7 50@S<. Beef hams, steady, SI 5 60.
Tierced beef, steady, moderate demand; city extra
India mi-rs. $15 r.0@17: cut, meats quiet, firm;
pickled bellies, 6^fec; do shoulders, 4y2@4%c;
do hams. »-(a-
LARD—Firmer, quiet: Western steam, $5 95:
City. $5 4(i,'(T.*i 60; January, 85 90; refined,
quiet; Continent, $6 20; South America, $6 50;
compound, $4 75 a..">.
PORK—Firm, moderate demand. Mess. $10 25
@10 75. ,
1 II .11—Quiet, weaker. stale dairy, 10@21c;
do creamery, 17©"21V2c: Western dairy, ll(£17c;
do creamery, 17M2Xc: do June. 16@21c; do fac
tory. 9i/s@l6c: Klgins, '2ac; imitation creamery,
14<ai*c: rolls. 9(a:lsc.
CHEESE—Firm, fair demand. State large, 714
(SlOVic; do fancy. 10<ai<)i v: do small, 73/i<g>
lo^ic: part skims, SVi#7c; lull skims, 2c.
ttiGH— Weaker, state »ud Pennsylvania, 18(<it
19c: icehouse, 16y2@I7V2C: do. per case, $2 50<S)
3 50; Western fresh, 17@18c; limed, 15®15VjC.
TALLOW—Moderate demand, City. 3%c: coun
try. ST/S.C.
COTTONBEED OlL—Quiet firm. Crude. 24@
24Vfec: yellow, prime. 2«Va@a do off grades,
27 ! a--?"' »c.
RurslN—Quiet. Strained, common to rood, «1 60
(c 1 6'21/j. ... .
I I I:iTM INK—Quiet, steady, 32»4@34c.
POTATOES—Moderate demand; easy.
RICE Firm. Domestic fair extra, 3@s»ic;
Japan, 3»i(S.4c. :. -
.MOLASSES— Firm, fair demand. New Orleans,
open kettle, good to choice, 27@37c.
CUKKEIi steady, 10 to 15 points down: Janu
ary. 51330: March, $13 05@13 15; May, $12 65;
September, $11 ho. Spot Rio, dull, steady. No. 7,
14. .
SUGAR—Raw, dull; refined, firmer, fairdemand.
Jair refining, 33/gc; centrifugal, 96 test, B%C:
HO. 6, 43 8 c; No. 7 and No. 8, 4 6-l6c-
No. 9, 413 16c: No 10, 4s/ gC; No. 11, Ac:
No. 12, 3 15-1 6 c; No. 13, 3%c; off A, 4V2®
4'> <-: mold A, 5 3-16 c: standard A, 4 16-16<
confectioners' A, 4 13-16 c: cut loaf and
crushed, 5 9-16 c; powdered and cubes, 5 3-16c
granulated, 4 15-16 c. ' '
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS— Apricots-Bags, lOVi
PEACHES—IB 94, unpeeiea, 4>Vit7c; do 1895
unpeeled. -,:< 42c: 1895. peeled, 16c.
NEB— Four sizes.' nominal, 514 c
RAISINS—London • layers. 85c@$l 26 do
4-crown loose Muscatel, 4(g,5c; do "3-crown, 3@
31/20.
ALMONDS—Paper-shell, ll@12c; do, soft-shell,
9fo9y>e. " '
\VUTS-Standard, 6Vi@7c; do soft-shell,
k iOc.
11 OPs—Quiet and unchanged.
WOOL—Fair demand, firm; unchanged.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON—Quiet: American, $11 75@13 60.
COPPER—DuII; Lake. »9 75(59 85.
LEAD—Qnlet: domestic, $3@~3 021/2-
Steady; straits, $13 05; plates, moderate
demand.
SPELTER—NominaI; domestic, *4.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111.., Jan. 17.—There was a dearth
of news In the grain trade this morning. The ab
sence of any startling developments abroad and
the quietness of affairs at home leaves little for
speculation to work on. Yesterday the booming
provision, mantel whs a factor of moderate conse
quence, but early to-clny even that was lacking:, 8°
that Dusiness was dull and uninteresting. The
Northwestern receipts were lighter than recently,
only 373 cars arriving against 653 last Friday and
208 a year ago. Firm prices at the opening were
credited to the falling oil mentioned. Liverpool
cables were ouiet and easy. Receipts at Chicago
amounted to 111 cars, of which" 79 were transfers
between elevators. Inspections from store were
99,557 bushels. Export clearances were '-"29,867
bushels, the greater part of which was in Hour.
Continental markets were easy. Berlin was 1 4(1*
i/a mark lower, i'ans unchanged for wheat and un
changed to "20 centimes lower for flour. Antwerp
was unchanged. In the last thirty minutes the
covering of a large short line stimulated the tone,
prices advancing sharply. 51 ay wheat opened
from 595/,jC to 593& C sold between BOVic and
59yjC, closlngat the outside, f. 8 c higher than yes
terday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 70 cars.
CORN'— There was no vim or snap to the corn
market. Trading was only light, and alterations
In price were in reflection of like change In wheat.
As a whole the session was a dull and unimportant
one. Receipts were 694 cars, 31 less than esti
mated. Withdrawals from store were 810
bushels. Liverpool cables were dull and un
changed. Export clearances were light at 5420
bushels. The close was firm. May corn opened at
28% c, sold between 2s>v>c and 28"4<a28%c, clos
ing at lie outside, i, 8 o higher than yesterday. Es-
I timated receipts tor to-morrow 650 cars.
OAT*— Were essentially unchanged, trie business I
being of such an Insignificant character as to ren
der wide fluctuations Improbable. Receipts were
1 218 oars. .No oats were Inspected from store. May
oats closed V B c higher. Estimated receipts for to
morrow 190 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash. 92@92i/fec; May,
06@96 1 > 4C. Receipts' were 31 cars.
PROVISIONS— The provision market while
strong this morning was not In the effervescent con
dition that existed on the previous two days. The
run of hogs was light, and prices at the yards were
higher. That fact helped product, but several
long lines were on the market to secure profits, the
advance rinding an obstacle In the selling pressure.
About the middle of the session offerings became
light and shorts nervous. Bids were raised quickly.
and within a few minutes prices were up 30c from
the inside, several of the packers helping the
shorts to force the advance. .May pork closed 26c
higher, May lard 6<s7V- >( -' higher, and May ribs Be
higher.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— January, 67y«c: May, 60 1.4 c: July,
6034 c
CORN— January, 26% c; May, 4 (a.'JB"BC; July,
2934(g>29 %c
OATS— January. 17*4 C; May. 19% c.
January, flu 15: May. *10 45.
LARD— January, *5 70; May, $5 97V».
RIB: — January, $5: May. $5 "22y 2 .
MONEY— Was firm at 6 per cent on call and
6(<£~ per cent on time loans. New York exchange
sold at 70c. premium.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, I i.i... .Tan. 17. -The
arrivals of cattle to-day were light, but the demand
was tame and prices were weak. The receipts of
hogs were moderate. The demand continued ac
tive and. prices moved no another 5(g)10c. The
market for sheep was dull, but the moderate offer
ings prevented any further decline.
CATTLE — Receipts, 6500. ! Fancy beeves,
$4 55@4 90; choice to prime 1300 to 1700 pound
steers, $4 25@4 70; fair to choice steers 1200 to I
1500 pounds, $3 90(a)4 '20; common to prime !
steers 960 to 1150 pounds, S3 385; feeders 900 i
to 1500 pounds. S:-t4O ( stackers 600 to 900 ;
pounds, *•-' 75403 40; hulls, choice to extra. $3@
S3 50; cows, poor to good canners. $1 60@2-10;
veal calves, good to choice, $5 25@6; calves,
common to good, $2 50(a,5; Texas-fed steers, $3 60
@4 -25: Texas bulls and Cows. $2 40@3 40.
Receipts, 21,000. Heavy packing and
shipping lots, $3 55@406: common to choice
mixed, S3 80(§.4 05; choice assorted, $3 95®
4: light. *3 80f*4 05; pics, ZAtdti.
SHEEP — Rrceipts. 70U0. Inferior to choice,
$2(g)3 60; lambs, 83 25@,4 55.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— Bank clearings
totals at the principal cities lor the week ended ;
January 16, with comparisons, as telegraphed to I
Bradstreet'a:
Percentage
Cittkb. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York 5598.44d.714 15.0 -
Boston 8.1.6J3.253 6.9
Chicago 89,062,954 0.9 j
Philadelphia 67,397,058 0.5 |
St. Louis 24.740,563 8.8
Pittsbure 13,360.386 17.6 j
Cincinnati 12.849,900 12.9
Baltimore 15.120.76-' ti.2
San Francisco 14.417,990 8.6
I Kansas City 11916,134 13.3
New Orleans 12,715.712 7.6
! Louisville 7,"26G,5f>5 o.!>
i Detroit 6.520,266 9.7
Minneapolis 8.751.025 28.3
Cleveland 6.617,793 *25.4
Providence 5.977,600 10.3
Milwaukee 6,385.478 19.2
I indianaDOlls 4.928.022 13.8
Buffalo 4.738,278 14.8
St. Paul 4, 398.U0 27.6
Omaha 4,573.228 13.8
I Denver 119,410 10.7
Los Angeles 1,126,510 10.4
Portland. Or 1.482.245 33.3
Tacoma 522.521 12.8
■ Seattle 538,521 31.8
Spokane 436.496 52.9
Totals U. S (1,062,791,224 8.5
Outside Of New YorK
City 464.345,510 1.3
.DOMINION' OF CANADA. .
Montreal $10,953,406 9.2
Toronto 6,874,777 9.0
Halifax i.:-P0.3»)t5 13.9
Winnipeg 1,153.995 15.0
Hamilton 681,662 9.6
Totals 821,063,846 0.4
DUN'S REVIEW OF '.TRADE.
NKW YORK, N. V., Jan. 17.— R. G. Dun <fc Co.
will say to-morrow in their weekly review of trade:
Failures for nine days of January have shown lia
bilities of $5, 5«8,OOO against $4,522,531 >ast year
in ten days and 59,041,225 in eleven days of 1894.
Failures for the past wetk have been much larger
in magnitude, numbering 395 in the United States
against 373 last year and 81 in Canada against 60
last year.
The situation could hardly be more perplexing
for business men. Practical merchants, manufac
turers or hankers can have little sympathy for
those who minimize their difficulties.
None doubt that the Government will raise
money to meet obligations, but how far the money
market will be disturbed or »be. treasury reserve
first diminished none can say. The business world
cannot know as yet how far foreign ' questions
may upset calculations, though there seems every
reason to expect peaceful settlement. It cannot
know what may be the duties on any important
class of imports a month hence; whether imports
are likely to exceed exports and draw away gold;
I whether the deficit of revenue win continue, or
what other taxation will be levied.
Failure of the Senate tnus far to take any action
upon financial measures proposed by the President
or those passed by the House, affects unavoidably
all branches of business. Cnder such adverse cir
cumstances it is actually encouraging that shrink
age in transactions and resulting commercial disas
ters have not been greater. But four largo failures
within a day or two indicate that the same condi
tions canDOt continue without much embarrass
ment.
Domestic trade, shown by Clearing-house pay
ments, is 8.5 per cent larger than last year, but
27.8 percent less than in 1893, and in nearly all
trades there is much hesitation. Railroad earn
ings for the first week of January were 5.7 per
cent larger than In January, 1895, but 13.5 per
cent less than in 1893. December snows a gain of
8.7 over 1894 and a decrease of 7.5 compared with
1893.
Blocks steadily advanced until .Friday, but the
failures brought a more cautious feeling. After
rising on an average of $1 51 per share railroads
closed $1 30 higher for the week.
Speculation In produce was not very active, and
wheat was practically unchanged, though Atlantic
exports for two weeks, flour Included, have been
4.485,190 bushels against 4,273,124 last year.
Western receipts still make short crop predictions
ridiculous, amounting for two weeks of January to
5,421,900 bushels against 2.559.000 last year.
Corn receipts were also liberal, and exports about
five times last year's. .
Cotton receipts still indicate a yield neither as
small as Mr. KeUl's reiterated estimate of 6,500,000
bales nor as large as the 7,000,000 bales estimated
by others, but it is yet to be seen whether supplies
held for better prices are of consequence. The
price declined X with accounts of narrower de
mand by spinners abroad and declining prices for
goods in this country. •
Cotton goods are not quotably lower, hut con
cessions to secure business are 'reported in many
instances and many of the mills have been run
ning largely in anticipation of orders not yet re
ceived. There is a little better inquiry for staples,
with indications that dealers' stocks are running
low. The opening of fine and fancy woolens has
brought no change in prices, and revisions caused
by recen'. openings of worsteds have been gener
ally toward lower prices.
The pigiron output weekly January 1 was
207.481 tons, a decrease of 9316 or 4.3 per cent in
December, and unsold stock increased 91,125
tons, or over 20,000 weekly, while the great steel
companies whose stocks are not reported pro
duced in December 342,936 tons. The production
is so far beyond the present demand for finished
products that, temporary stoppage of many fur
naces is expected. Yet pigiron is higher, Bes
semer about 50 cents and gray forge and anthra
cite 25 cents, although finished" products are gen
erally weaker with less demand.
Controllers of the coke and coal output have
had to agree to maintain prices above (hose of
1895, which means dearer pigiron, but if orders
for finished products do not materially increase
the advance in material can hardly be maintained.
Minor metals are weaker. Shipments of boots
and shoes for the week have been 22 per cent less
than last year, but many of the factories are run
ning full and orders are scanty, buyers still be
lieving that prices must go lower.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN I.IVKRPOOI,.
LIVERPOOL, Esq.. Jan. 17.— 'i he spot market
Is firm at 6s 6d@ss 7d. Cargoes are firm at 27»
3d October shipment.
FI7TI T RKS. -ir.\':. '-■■
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: Janu
ary. ss i4»id; February, 5s 6y 4 d; March, 6s 5»/ 4 d:
April, 6s bd; May, 5s 6d.
BECUBITIRB.
LONDON, Kno., Jan. 17.-Consols, 1078/,; sil
ver, 30S4d; French Rentes, lOlf 60c.
NKW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at S®i%; last. loan '»t 3%
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 2SOC.
and closing offered at 3%. Prime mercantile pa
per, 6(5)7%. Bar silver, 67Vic. Mexican dol
lars, 53V4c- Sterling exchange is steady, with
actual tiusiuess In bankers' bills at $4 87 s / i@4 88
for sixty dnj-H and $4 89@4 89 4 for demand.
Posted fate". $4 88@4 X9Vi. Commercial bills.
$4 86iA(34 87 1 ,.;. Government bonds irregular;
state bond* dull; railroad bonds lower. Silver at
the board was quiet.
CLOFJNW HTOCK4.
Am Tel Cable.... 90 1 Norfolk <fe Wes*... 1%
Atchlson 14 Preferred 7
Prelerred 215' 8 North American... 4%
Adams i-.xpress. ..146 Northern Pacific. . 3
Alton.TerreHaute. 59 Preferred 12
American Express.lll Nortnwestern i*" 3 /i
American Tobacco. 78% Preferred 144 V 2
Preferred 102 N. Y. Central 97
Bay State Gas 17 :N. Y. Chlcago<t3.L 13
Baltimore «Ohio.. 3SV2J Ist preferred .70
Brunswick Lands.. a /2 »d uref erred...... 24
Buffalo, Koch &P. 10 N. Y. 4. N. H... ....lhO
Canada Pacific 5"2 i/ 2 N. Y. <&, New Ens. 45
Cnnada Southern.. 48 N. Y. busq & \V... 9
Canton Land 60% Preferred 2434
Central Pacific 146/ 8 Ontario. ... 9'
Ches. <& Ohio 146 Ontario & Western. 13V4
Chlc.igo Alton loS Oregon Improvmu 2y 2
Preierrea 1 70 j Preferred — '
Chicago, a. & Q — 74i.- 8 Oregon Navigation. 15
Chicago <fc K. 111... 42VijOregontthort Lino. 6*-.
I'relerred 9.'> (Pacific Mali 2534
Cblcagouas 65V8 ; Peona, D.<fe Evans. 2-'
Cleve <£ Pittsburg.lsß Pittsburgh. W pfd. 15
Consolidation Coal. 29 Pullman Palace... lsl
Consolidated Cias.. quicksilver 2V a
C. C. C. A Si. Louis. M', Preferred lf)i 2
Prtferreu «r. liea<nnc 8i' 8
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 2riVo'RSoUrande«tWestn 13y a
Preferred ln(l I l'reterred 39
Cotton OH Cert 16>/ißock Island >i.'ii 4
Commercial Cable. 140 JlomeWai AUgdenllß
Del. Hudson 125' •> bt. L. & n. W 4i 2
Dcl.Lack<fcWesternlKli 2 Preferred . .' 3oy 2
Denver 12i/ a St. Paul .... 68 '
Preterred 43». 4 Preferred . 135
Distillers... 15 7 St. Paul & Duluth. 22
General Electric... 26V21 Preferred J*t) '
Erie 14*4 St. Paul&Omaha_ 36
Preferred 23i 4 ' Preferred 121
Fort Wayne 160 St. P. M. &hi 110
GreatNorthernptd.llo 'silver Cemncat.... 67V4
Green Bay y 8 Southern Pacltlc. 20y
Harlem 280 ißoutnern H. H BVa
Hocking Coal 1 j Preferred "&*/4.
Hocking Valley... 17 bugar Refinery. ...loiy 3
Homestakti 28 Preferred. 96
H. i Texas Cent.. 1 1 /% Term. Coal & Iron. 2isiA
Illinois Central 95 j Preferred 100
lowa Central 8 Texas Pacific 7y a
Preferred... 28 ToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Kansas iS Texas. « (l! ;-4 '1 01. & Ohio cen.... 30 '
Preferred - 4 Vi Preferred 65
Kingston & Pern... 3 1 ol.St. Louis <$: K.O. 8
Lake Ens & Westn 1^V 2 I Preferred 14
Preferred 70y 2 l Union Pacific 3iy 3
Laite Shore 142 U. P.. Den. <ft GulL S
National Lead 241/4 L' .K. Cordage ..... 6V
Preferred 84 Preferred 9Va
Longlslana 82 Guaranteed 19 3 "4
Louisville & Nasb. 43 ! 4 1. S. Express 38
Louisville Nu<t Cu. 9V8 1U.-B. Leather 9i/ij
Preferred 1H Preferred 6ly a
Manhattan Consol. 09 14 ;U. S. Rubber 27
Mempnis & Charts. 16 , Preferred.. 85
Mexican Central... 9 Ulica B. Klver..lso
Michigan Central.. 91 UVah. S. L. St Pac. 6 r -8
Minn «v s. l. ! Preterred I'"h
Preferred — Wciis-Fartro 95
Minn. A St. t, com. l'» 6 Western Union.... H-^''»
Ist preferred 7-4 'W is Central 3
2d preferred 42 Wheeling A L X.. 11 Vs
Missouri Pacific.. - xx Preferred 36V4
Mobile Ohio 21 Am Cotton Oil pfd. t<s
Nashville Chact.... 65 W U Beef 71/4
National Linseed.. IS LI li act ion". ...... 18
K. J. Central 98% Ann Arbor
flu' 1 NX BO.YDS.
IP 4«. ree iOBy 2 m X T2ds 681 i
Do, 4s coupon... 109 Do, 4s. HHii
0S is new reg US Mutual Union 65.. .115
Do, 4s coupon. ..116 N J Cent Gen 63... 114
Do. 2s 96 : Northern Pac lsu. 114
Do. 5s 11H.4, Do, 2ds ion/,
lio. 6s coupon 112% Do, 30s. 69
Cherokee 4s. 189«. Norm west Consols! 1
Uo, 1897 100 j Do, deb 5s .. 107
Do. Ih9B 100 |O A S Ists 109
Do. 1899 1.0 :SiL*lronMtUenss 7't^ 4
Pacific 6s of '95.... bt L<fc s F Gen 6s 100
I). C. 3-6 5s 110 >t Paul Consols 123
Ala Class A 4 iO < bt. P. C. *Pa lsts.ll2
Do. Class li 4, 6s. 107 ' Do. Pac Cal ists.. ldrii
LaConsol4s 97 Southern K. H. ss. 91
Missouri funding.. Texas Pacific firsts 65
X Carolina con 68.120 Texas Pac seconds. '.0
Do, 4s 102 I'nionPac lstof'96 10
Fo Carolina 4y 3 104 West Shore 4s. . 105
Term ne-.v 84 Mobile A Ohio 4».. 65y»
Va funding debt... 59% U GranaeWest lsts 74
j"o, ret; iCliMifcOos 10714
Do, deferred 65... 5y Atchison 4a 73
l»o. trust rep st 6 1 Do. 2ds A 22
Canada South 2ds..iO4^ a O II 4 s A 6s. 105
Cen Pac lßtsof '95 100 1 Do, 2d 7s. . 100
Den&RGlst 11l A Tex Centss..lOS
i" 1 , 4s 87 1 Do, con 104
£ 2dg 70 Reading 4s 75%
Kansas Pa Consols 73 Missouri ....... 100
Ks Pa Ims Den div!o7 I
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 87
sterling Excnange, sight — 4 89
sterling Cables — 89y a
New York Exchange, sight — Par
New York Exchange, telegraphic.. — Par
Fine Silver, V ounce — 6714
Mexican Dollars '.. 53i/j 64
THK WEEK'S FAILUKKS.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 18
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 24
for the previous week and 16 for the corresponding
weeK or 189.'). The failures for the past week are
divided among the trades as follows: 4 groceries
and Manors, 5 saloons, 2 general store-;. 1 bicycles,
2 fruit-growers. 1 restaurant, 1 stationery, 1 furni
ture and 1 jeweler. :
PRODUCE MAHKET.
"WHEAT AM) OTHER GRAIN'S.
WHEAT— The Glenfinart takes for Cork 73,467
ctls, valued .it ?74,t>50; Copley, for Cork, 60,371
ctls at 5 60,000.
Futures continued firm. Spot grain showed no
change. No. 1 io quotable at $1 06@l 06*4 ~f ctl
choice, s?l 07%: lower grades, 90c@$l 0- ' ■> ;
extra choice for milling, $1 15@1 18 4.
(A 1.1. BOARD IKS.
Informal Skssion — 10 o'clock — May— looo
tons, $1 083/ 8 ,
Reoular Morning .Skssion— May— 3oo tons
*1 OHi/j.: 100, $1 09; 1600, SI OBy 8 ; 3300
if 1 08%.
Aktkrnoon* Skssion— May— 2Boo tons, $1 09
--900. SSI 09i/ 8 December— l9oo, $1 1 21/2 ; 800,
*1 123/ 8 . Seller ' 96, new, storage paid— loo, $1 10:
600. $1 095' 8 ; 200, *1 091/2-
BAULKY- Futures were stronger again. Spot
prices were unchanged. Feed, «jßß,i(a7oc $ ctl;
(370 c; choice, 71 Vi 1 '; Brewing, 76(ii»82y 2 c; Cheva
lier, $1 10@l 20 for .No. 1 and 75c(S;?l '$ ctl for
off grade.
(•AM, HOARD SAI.KS.
Informal Skrhiox— lo o'clock— May— 3oo tons.
69' fee: 100. 695,' 8 c; 100, 69* 4 c.
Hki.iiai'. Jlorni.no sksnion— May— 2oo tons,
• 63y 2 c; 200, 693/ B e.
AJKT r.voin session — No sales.
OATS — Rather more business was reported
yesterday. Milling are quotable at 75@85c f*
ctl: fancy Feed. 85Ca90c ■& ctl; good to choice,
75@85c; common to fair, 60(&70c; <iruy, 77y 2 i'<ft
85c; Ked, for seed, $I@l 10; Black, for se"»d. $1 10
@1 30: ditto for feed, 75@S5c; Surprise, 95c@$l.
CORN— Steady and unchanged. Yellow, 87Vj
@90c; small Hound do, 87V2<&J>0c; White, 82 Vi
©SSc t' ctl.
KYK- ii ctU
BUCKWIIKAT-Quoted at 8&c@?l "$ ctl, ac
cording to quality.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— cash prices are: Family extras,
93 65@3 65; Bakers' extras, $3 4&@3 55; super
line, $2 40@2 50 %> bbi. ; '-r-
COKNMKAL. KTC.-Feed Corn, ?19 50@20 IP
ton: Cracked corn, $20 x* ton.
M I LLSTUFKS- Prices in 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2:' 4 c; Bye Flour. 3 Vic; lUce Flour. 7>/ 2 c; Corn
meal, 2^4@3c; extra cream do, 3ioi-: oatmeal,
334 c: Oat (Croats. 4 i/ 2 c: Hominy, 4g*4Vic; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 31/2 C.: Farina,
4 1 -..': whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4V'ac-
Tearl Barley, 4yi@4i/ c; Split Peas, 4»4c; Green
do, sV±<- E 1 tb.
HAY AND FBKDSTI/FFS.
BRAX- Arrival of 5000 sacks from Oregon.
Quotations aresl3@l3 50 "$ ton, jobbing rates.
MIDDLINGS— SI6@I9 for lower grades »p to
f2O 50 ■£ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— toIIed Barley, $16@17 ton:
Oiltake Meal at the mill, $21 "ft ton; jobbing,
$22 50: Cottonseed Oilcake, S2l.
HAY— The rain checks business, hence quota
tions show nochange. Wheat quotable at $B@l2 50
fl ton: Oat. B@lo 50; Wheat and Oat. $7 50®
11 50 "# ton; Barley, !f!7@9 50; Alfalfa, $6^0,9";
Clover. $6@B; Compressed, $7 50@ll; Stock, $6®
7 50 » ion. .
BTRAW-35@60c bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— market Is very quiet. Bayos quot
able at $I@l 15: Small Whites, 81 25@1 60
ctl: Pea, SI 50^1 65; Large Whites, $1 15@125;
Pink, 90cfa.$l 12y a : Reds, $1 35@1 40: Blackeye,
$1 75@1 86; Red Kidney, $1 75@1 90; Lim'as,
$2 50(0.2 75: Butters, $1 60@l 70 t* ctl.
REKDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95@2 05 1» ctl:
Trieste, 2(a)2 20; Yellow Mustard; $1 40@l 60;
Flax, $1 70@l 75; Canary, 3i/i@3y c * Ib: Al
falfa 6i4@6'/2C V tb; Rape, l»/4®2c V Ib; Hemp,
4c Ib. -
DRIED PKAS— Nominal at $1 25@1 60 f, ctl for
Niles.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— There is a fair demand for good
sound stock. Volunteer New Potatoes, I%@l ß /ic
t* tt>; Sweets, $1 25@1 60 ?l ctl for Rivers aDd
$2 f* ctl for Merced; Salinas Burbanks, 60@9(>c V
ctl: Kiver Burbnnks, 25@40c * sack: Oregon Bur
banks. 50@75c; Oreeon Garnet Chiles, 6i'@6sc;
Oregon Peerless, 60(560c; River Reds, 45@5bc V
ONIONS-Steady at 80@95c * ctl;. Cut Onions,
65(075c^ct1; Oregon Onions, $I@l 10.
■ VKOKTABLES— New Rhubarb, 10c 9 lb: Mush
rooms, 6@i21.4c; Dried Peppers, 6<aioc; Los An
(teles Tomatoes, 75c@$l '<$. box: Green Peas. 4@
oc; string Beans. 10(c612V,c; Dried Okra, I2V2C;
Cabbage, 40®50c •$■ ctl; Garlic, 4®sc f> lb; Mar
rowfat Hqtiaan, $16@20 i» ton.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— A car of Kastern sold at $5 60@6 for
Hens and Roosters. California stock was quiet and
weak. Poor dressed Turkeys sold down to Be. <
Live Turkeys, 10@llc for Gobblers and 10@llc
for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 10@13c a lb; Geese,
"# palr,si 50@l 76; Ducks, -$5@7; .Hens, $l(§
5: Roosters, young, $4 50(§>5 PC: do, old, $4@4 60-
Fryers, $4 50; Broilers, $4@4 50 for large and
? 3@3 50 for small ; Pigeons, $1 50@2 $ dozen lor
young and $l(a.l 26 for old.
(JAMK- Arrivals are large and in bad condition,
owing to the warm moist weather, which exp ains
the low prices. Han- quotable at 75c(o:$l ; Rabbits,
$1 25@1 50 ~H doz for Cottontails and 75c@$l for
small: Gray Geese, ?1 60g2 50; White Geese, 50c
@Sl; Brant. $lisl 25; Honkers, $1 60@3 60;
English snipe, $2; Jack Snipe, $I@l 50.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— Stocks continue light and prices are
more or less nominal.
Creamery- Fancy, 27@28c; seconds, 25@26c
<$ tti.
Dairy- Fancy, 25@26c: good to choice, 22y a @
24c ; lower grades. 180122 c.
CHEESE— mild new, ll@liy c "$ Ib:
special marks higher still common to good, 8@10c:
Cream Cheddar. ll(#12c; Young America, ll'4(12c;
Western, ll@12c; Eastern, 12@13c "¥> Ib. • *
continue to shade oil. though receipts are
light. Good to choice Eastern, 2l'c; seconds. IB
@20c: store Eggs, 19@21c; ranch Eggs, 22@240 %*
u/.eii.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples continue dull. Per
simmons, 40@75c ■# box; Apples, 75c@?l for good
to choice, f)O(a)6sc for common to fuir aiul ?1 25
lor fancy: Sisklyou Apples, ?I@l 75. .;.. >.:••
CITRUS -FRUITS — Not much demand for
any description. California Oranges are quot
ahl» at fi 25@1 50 t' box for Seedlings and
■fl fiO(a.'2 50 for Navels: Japanese Mandarins,
$1 28®] !J0 IS box: Lemons, $l(g)l 50 for common
and $"(&•£ £0 for uood to choice: California Limes
75c ';» box; Mexican Limes, 50(ctG; Uanauas, $1
®2 t bunch; Pineapples, 9'2(ab ft dozen.
DRIED IRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— Some sales of Fruit and Rais
ins are reported at quotations. The following prices
rule on the Fruit Exchange:
Carload Apples, 2y 2 @3c $ Ib for quar
tered, 3@3Vbc <£ Ib for sliced and 414 c'& Ib for
evaporated; Peaches, 3y 2 (g,4c Ib and sV @6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes. l'2c; Apricots, "y 2
BV»c for prime to choice, 91/2 C for fancy and 10(g)
lie <f Ib for fancy Moorpark; Pigs, black, 2@2i/ 2 c
for un pressed; White Figs, 3V 2 @4c in sacks; Pears,
7c f^ Ib for evaporated halves, 4@6VaC * Ib for
quarters; Prunes. 3*4 c: Plums, 4c %» Ib for pit
ted and iy 2 @2V 2 c for unpitted; Nectarines, s@6c
%l Ib for prime to choice and 6y»c for fancy.
Jobbing Pricks— Apples, 4©4y^c; Peaches, 3@
4c and 5c for fancy; peeled, In boxes, 10@i21.3c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes. 6c V- Ib for 40©50's
and 5c for 60@605; Apricots. 6@9y>c for prime to
choice and lu@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs,
black, + ia2i 2 c: White Figs. B@6c; Pears, 6y-c
tor evaporated halves and 3@s'/ 2 c for quarters;
Plums. 3y 2 c for pitted and j.vi. 1 1 c lor unpitted;
Nectarines, -Kasc f! It) for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIKD GRAPES— Prices are
as follows, carload lot-, f. o. b. Man Francisco:
London layers, 85@90c f box; four-crown, loose,
3*/4 C V Ib; three-crown, loose, 2 1 4( 4 . two-crown.
•-'!■: seedless Sultanas, 3-'« / 4@4c: seedless Muscatels,
2' ;(5,:.' :! .c; three crown 1 ondon layers. 70c: clus
ters. $1 35<S)1 50; Dehesa clusters, $2 10(di2 25;
Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75; Dried Grapes, 2 Vic
*^ Ib.
Jubbin'o Pricks — Four-crown loose, 3c; B
crowu, 21 4 fa2' c: 2-CrOwn, I%@2CJ Seedless Sul
tuiins. 3%@4c';Sre^lleßß Muscatels, 2 1 - c; S^crown
London layers. 85c<ffi$l; clusters, SI 40@l 50;
Dehesa clusters, $2 '2S; Imperial clusters, $2 75:
Dried 11 rapes, 2i/>c.
NUTS— Chestnuts. 6@Bc 1? Ib; Walnuts. 7(3ißc
f> Ib for No. i hard and 9(5.9y 2 for soft shell, Job
bin? lots; Almonds O@7yT)C lor Languedoc and
8y 2 @loc lor paper-sheU, jobbing: Peanuts, 3y 2 @
4c V Ib for California; Hickory nuts. s(jjibe;
Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for polished; Filberts,
B(ai9c: Brazil Nuts, 7V.,@Bc %1 Ib; Cocoanuts,
?4 60@5 -£ 100.
HO.N —Comb is quotable at 10@12c f. Ib for
bright and B(<z.9c V Ib for lower grades; water
white extracted, 6@5V'2C V to; light amber ex
tracted, 4 i/ I r<t43 / ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX— 24(g.i7c "jH lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Quotations show no change
whatever. Bacon quotable at Be "£ Ib for heavy,
7c for light medium, 9.: ~f. Ib for light. 10c f It)
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cored Hams, 11 1 ..<• V Ib; California Hams,
10c; Mess Beef, $7 %* bbl: extra mess do, $8: fam
ily do. $9(et9 50; extra prime Pork, $8 r 1 bbl; ex
tra clear. *14 ~? bhl ; mess. $13 '$ bbl: Smoked !
Beef, 9V 2 <ailoc fl Ib.
I^ARD— Eastern,' tierces, is quotable at 6c |l
fti for compouim and 7y 2 c for pure; pails, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, 61/.C for compound and tic for pure;
hall-bbls, 6Vic:To-Ib tins, 7c; do 51b, 7{a.7Vic ? »>.
C(JTToLENE— "Vtc in tierces and 8c *$ Ib In 10
--"• tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— The circular of W. B.
inner it Co. says: "Hides and Leather continue
very quiet and prices remain about the same as
last quoted. The change in the market which was
anticipated and hoped for has not occurred. The
stringent money market in New York has affected
the Hide and Leather trade: and as the San Fran
cisco market is intimately connected with that of
New York. Eo.ston and Chicago, the depression
which has ruled in the East in Hides and Leather
has been felt here. Wet salted Hides remain the 1
same, nut tanners are not inclined to purchase ■
freely and are particular about the trade and selec
tion. Liberal concessions have to be made In order |
to Induce tanners to buy freely. The dry Hide mar
ket is virtually at a standstill, and the shipments
which have been mane during the past month
or two to New York remain unsold. At present
there is quite a quantity of California dry flints
in the Easf«rn markets. The values of dry Hides
In this City are figured entirely on the values ob
tainable in the Eastern cities, as no dry Hides are
tanned In this market. pry Kips continue dull
and rule at lower prices than dry Hides. Wool and
sheep skin* show lower values. Very little is being
done in wool, and lbs wool pullers find that the I
wool which was pulled during the last moo hor j
two shows a higher cost than can be obtained on
the present market. Tallow continues very quiet
at low prices. The Deerskin trade continues nomi
nal. No California skins sire being offered, and the
stock sold In this market com»s from the adjoining
states or foreign countries. The poorer gradt-s of
Deerskins are very quiet. The thin long-haired
winter Alaska skins are not worth more than 7 or
8c V Ib. The prospects of the Hid* and Leather
trade do not seem to be encouraging tor the imme
diate present, but it Is presumed and hoped that
there will be a better feeling and more activity in
the course of a month or so." Heavy salted steers,
7c: culls and brands, tic; medium, 6c: culls and
brands. sc: light. sc; culls and brands. 4c: Cow
hides, o@sy 2 c; culls and brands, 4(g,t'.»c; salted
Kip, 5c > Ib; salted calf. 8c?. Ib: sailed Veal.
6c: dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands. 7@7*Ac;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c; culls. 6y 2 &7 c: dry Calf,
15c: culls, 10c; Goatskins, 30@35c each: Kids, Be;
Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c; medium. 15®
25c; winter, 10@15c; Sheepskins, shearlings, 10(gi
20c each; short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40 I
@50c each : long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about Vif- less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 8*484o; No. 2, 3@
31/40; refined, Grease, 2i/,c '-fA ft).
WOOL— We quote Fall as follows: Humholdt and
Mendocino, 7@9c; San Joaquin and Southern, 'My
6c: free Mountain, 6@7c; defective do, 4@tic lj> Ib.
HOPS— Quoted at 4(s6c 'ft Ib.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAOa— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
?1 10@4 15; Wool Bags, 24@26c.
COAL— Wellington Is quotable at »8 "$ ton;
New Wellington, *S V ton; southfield Wellington,
$7 50: Seattle. sps<eSs 50: Bryant, $6 50; Coos Bay,
$5: Wallsend. $6 50: Scotch, $7 50: Brymbb,
$7 50: Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $16 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel.sß: Hock Springs, Castle
Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke, 10 50 in
bulk and ?1 2 50 ft ton in sacks.
RICE— Chinese mixed. $3 2ft@3 35: No. 1, $3 55
©3 75 Veil; extra No. 1, ?3 90@4 10; Hawaiian.
*3 87y 2 : Japan, $3 6:)@4 10: Rangoon, $3 10 #
ctl.
SA LT— Liverpool is in better supply and lower at
$20 for the best and $ll@ll 60 « ton for coarser
grades.
SUGAR— Western Refinery Company
quotes terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered j
and Fine Crushed, all f)f>hc; Dry Granulated, .'••■■ :
Confectioners' A, 4%c; Magnolia A, 43/ ac: Extra
C, 4i/ic; (Jolden C, 41/B'"'. half-barrels," -Vie more i
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more.
SYRUP-Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c I
* gal.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET
The old quotations rule. ■ Wholesale rates for
dressed stock from slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 5y 2 (316c; second quality, !
■*Vz.&sc; third do. 3y 2 ffi4c V fb.
VEAL— Large, 6@bc; small, 6®7c <£ It).
MUTTON— Wethers. 6ftß6'/ c; Ewes. 6c '$ lb.
LAMB— spring Lamb. 12: 2 c; yearlings, 7c tb. I
PORK— Live Hogs. 3y 3 ffl3V»c for large and 3y c
for small; dressed do, 6@6c '^ lb.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
FOR 24 HOURS.'
rionr.ar. sits 21,800 Straw, tons 10
Oregon... 8,424 Hides, no 15:(
Washington 3.M 12 Pelts, Ddls 135
Wheat, ctls 154.618 Wine, gals. 50,200
Barley, ctls K4O Brandy, gals 400
Oregon... 330|Bntter, ctls 56
Oats. Or. ct15.. ..... 3UO Cheese, eds 20
Washington. 6,44siEggs. d0z.... 1,440 j
Potatoes, net 1,749 Paper, reams...... 600
Oregon 2,866, Wool. b1«...... 34 1
Onions, sks 3621 Leather, rolls 10 I
Oregon 440 Lime, bbls 240
Br»n, m, 906 Chicory, bb15...... 20
Oregon.. 6,000 Tallow, ctls 48
Middlings, 5k5..... 41llFIaxseed, Wsh, sk 7H4
Oregon 236Shortg, Or, sks.... 1,260
Hay. tons. 721
FAMILY KETAIL MARKET.
Fancy Butter is rather dearer. Eggs are cheaper.
Meat shows no change. Poultry is in good sup
ply and reasonable in price. Wild Duck and Quail
are out of season. Fish Is higher and scarce, owing
to the storm. ... '
Fruit and Vegetables show no particular change.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
COAL— PER TON.
Cannel — @10 00 Pleasant Val 9 60@10 00
Wellington. —@10 00 South field .
New, Wei- • Wellington — @ 9SO
lington.... ®10 00 1 Scot — <g) 950
Seattle...... 7 00(a> 7 50 Coos Bay... 7 00® —
Castle Gate. 9 60fa;10 00 j
DAIRY PBOOUCK, KTC.
Butter, fancy, ¥■ Cheese,' Eastern... 15@'20
square ...65^65 Cheese, Swiss.... -Mm Ml
do, ~$ roll 66f0) — Common Ecgs. 2IW* —
do, choice 60(<h — Ranch Kijgs, ~&Az.:ls(i&'So
Ordinary ao........ 4^— Eastern Egg5......26fi» —
do, Pickled .40®45 Honey, comb, #11b.12(<516
Cheese, cm -(a.15 do, extracted,... B®l2
MEATS— PER POUND.
ac °n.- ....10®17IPork, ...... .12@15
Beef, choice 12@15 Pork, salt 12@15
do, good B®lo Pork Chops 12®15
Corned Beef B® —i Round Steak B®lo
Ham, Cal 13®15 Sirloin Steak.. .l2 Vis® —
do, Eastern 15®— Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20
ard • .....12®15 Smoked Beef — 1 5
Mutton. B@lC Pork Sausages.... - ®20
Lamb...... B®l2V Veal 10@15
Spring Lamb...... 20® - ,
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens.each 50® 66 Ducks, each... 60© 76
* oung Boost- Geese, each. . . .1 60®1 75
ers, each 50® 65 Pigeons, %4 pr... 60® 75
Old Roosters, |Rabbits, %i pr.. 35® 40
each 60® 60 Hare, each 15® 20
1- ryers. each... 35® 40 Wild Geese, ea 25® 40
Broilers, each.. 25® 35 Kne Snipe, 50®3 00
turkeys, y lb.. 15® — Common d0....l 50®l 75
FRUITS AND NUTS.
Almonds, 1* lb 15 Limes, t» doz 10@15
Apples, ylb 5® 6 Oranges, » doz 25(0-50
Bananas, $ d0z...12®15 ! Pears, *lb Mm 6
Cocoanuts. each... Persimmons, V- lb. 5® 6
Cranberries, '$ qt. .10® 12 y lb 5® 15
Grapes, ft & s@lo|\Valnuts, $ lb 15® —
Lemons, %A doz 15@20i
vrc<; eta
Asparagus, iS 1b... 25®40 -Mushrooms, f, !b..15ff1-^0
Artichokes, 00 Mr' fat Squash,^ lb 5® —
Beets, t> doz Onions, % lb 2® 3
Beans, white fMh.'Ji;.® 5 Parsnips, y 00z....!5®20
Colored, « 1b... 21/.® s Potatoes, $ lb 2® 3
Lima, vg> ft 4® 6 do, Sweet, y lb.. 4® 6
Cabbage, each 5® 10 Rhubarb, y 1b... .15® —
Cauliflowers, each, 'urn 8 Radishes.«id7.bchs.l2@ls
Celery, p bnnch... 5® — Sage, ~ r < lb 25®35
Cress, y. dz bunchs.2U<32s string Beans, $ lb. 15® 20
Garlic, y lb 0® 8 Thyme, y lb 20@30
Green Peas, $ lb.. B®lo Turnips, y doz 15®20
Lentils, y lb 6® X Tomatoes, c*. lb s®lo
Lettuce, y doz 15@20|
FISH— PER POUND.
Barracuda — (a- — shad ..15® —
Carp ....10®12;Sea Bass —id) —
Codfish 12(3)15 Smelts 15®20
Flounders Isto Soles — ®12
Halibut — (at — Skates, each 10® 15
Herring — ®10Stnrgeon — ®15
Klngfisn 10®12Tomcod tdi —
Mackerel —(a) — Clams, y gal — ®15
do, Horse —(a — ; Do, hardshell, f,
Perch 12®15; 100 50® —
Ponniano — (<s. — Crabs, each 12®15
Hockfish 15(0)201)0. soft shell, y dz.25(5)35
Salmon, smoked.. .2o® — Mussels, fl qrl 10® 15
Salmon, fresh 15(3)20 Oysters, Cal,® 100.50® —
Shrimps B®lo Do, Eastern, y dz.25©35
THE STOCK MAKKET.
The assessment of 15c was added to Occidental
yesterday and the Block carried it and more, too,
rising to 98c on the noon informal session, but
subsequently falling buck to 89c. on the afternoon
call. The other stocks were steady and practi
cally unchanged, though Hale & JS'orcross fell off
tojsl 20.
Advices during the forenoon from Occidental
stated that a drift south had been started in
the upraise above the 650 level and was in high
grade ore.
The close was lower all around, as will be seen ■
Delow.
NOTF.S.
Julia is assessed So.
Tin- Channel Bend Mining Company of El Do
rado County has Levied an assessment of 35c per
share, delinqient February 21.
The Mountain View Mining Company of Nevada
County has levied an assessment of «c per share,
delinquent February 12.
The (Jkiab Water and improvement Company
has levied an assessment of S7 50 per share, de
linquent February 15.
The Cinnabar King Mining Company of Sonoma
County has levied an assessment of lc per share,
delinquent February 10.
Bilwkk— During the cast week about 10 tons
of ore of an estimated value of 922 per ton were
extracted from slopes above the 200 level. The
ore seam in slope above north drift from crosscut
2, 200 level, is still about the same size and
quality us heretofore reported. South dritt from
crosscut 4, 200 level, was extended 14 feel
through vein matter carrying bunches of low
grade ore. The stope above main south drift
Rahvei tunnel level is yielding some good ore. |
Continued doing some prospecting work on the
100 level and doing some necessary repair work.
BOABO SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Francisco |
Sloe* Board yesterday:
RF6ULAR MORNTN'O KSHroV COMKHNrtN-Q ATI: 30.
600 B & 1.... 88 1050 (i & C... 54 200 0ccidt1....91
200 Bodle 40 250 H<fc N . .1.25200 Ophlr. . ..1.35 I
HOO C1i011fir....60 200 Mexican. .6o 200 Overrun.. .l 7 |
200 CC&V.. 2.40 300 Occidtl....Bß 500 i'otosi. . . 51 |
250 Crown Pt.19600 92 500 Savage.. ..27 i
200 Exchqr.. ..07500 931000 Mil Hi 11 ..02
50 U AC 55,300 931900 V Jackt..4l
AFTKKNOON BKHSrov — 2:30.
100 Aluhs 300 G .t C 53200 0vrmn....18
100 Andes •-'2 400 Hdt.N ....1.201100 S Nev 13
3011 B * X. . .89200 Occidtl....9o|«oo Utah.,. ...08
200 Challnge..27 800 600 V Jaci«...42 ,
300 CC&V...2.40, I
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday :
RKonr. \n susninv- 10:71.
300 A1pha.... .21:150 C0nn".. ..1.06 1200 0cc1d....97
Alta 08 400 C NY 06 600 0phir...1.40
200 Andes 3&0 C P0int. ...19 400 0vrmn....17 j
300 8e1cher.. ..26'! 00 Kxcnqr ...07 300 Potosi 51
1200 8<fc8....90000 0 A C... .56 100 53
200.. 89 600 HAN 1.27 V> 600 64
300 8u1ii0n....16'500 1.221/2^500 Savage.. 2B
200 Caledn 10 800 Mexican. .6l 1000 Bcorplono2
400 ChaUge.... 272200 Occid.... 80*800 8 B<fc A 1...10
400Ch0nar....60 100 81 600 S.Nev 44 '
500 61,300 500 8 Hill 02
600 62800 ...........90200 Union C...35
360 CC*V 2.42' • :>OO 91 '600... 36
600 Con 1m.... 800 400 Utah 05 |
600 OH.JOO 96.900 V JacKet..43
.',,_r_ .AFTERNOON HKS3IO>«— "2 :30.
700 Alpha 22| 50 Confl . .1.05 900 Occidtl . ...P3
300 A1ta...:... 071500 C imp. ..02 300 90' ,
200 Andes 21 400 C P0int... 20:300 89
400 Belcher.. .26'KOO 0 & C 55200 88
600 ii & ii 89 700 53200 86
000 88 200H&N 1.221 ,400 87
400 871800 1.20 85
200 8«i4OO .......1.17y 2 200 Ophir.. 3 8
100 Bodie 41600 Justice.. ..o*6oo 1.35
200 8u11i0n. ...1b 500 Mexican. .6l 500 0vrmn. ...18 j
100 8u1wer....13 ! 600 60j200 Potosi 52
200 Calf-da.... 10 200 300 Savage. ...28
400 200 68)400 s Bit M...09 ;
300 Challnge..2B 600 Mono 300 8 Nev. ...44 !
200 Ch011ar....61 100 0ccidt1.. . .91:300 Union ....36 '
150 CCV.. 2. 421,2 400 92400 V Jacket. .43
400 2.40 I
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. Jan. 17-4 p. v.
B!<l.A*>i'tl. BlA.Atk'.d. I
Alpha Con 20 22 Jackson. — 40 !
Alia 06 07Julia 01 03 '
Andeii. 20 22 Justice 03 04
Belcher 26 27iKentucK. 05 06 '■
Best A Belcnec. 85 86 Lady Was ti — 01 \
UcntonCon — 40 Mexican 57 58 1
80die.. ........ 40 42 Mt. Diablo 15 20 I
Bullion 15 16 Mono. 06 07
8u1ger. ........ 12 14 Nevada Uueen. 04 05
Caledonia 08 10 Occidental..... 84 85 I
Challenge Coo. 26 28 Ophir 1.30 1.35.
I hollar 55 57 Overman 17 18
Con. Cut. * Va. 2. 35 2.4U Hotost.. 50 —
Cuu. Imperial. 02 03 Savase 26 27
Ccnridenctt 1.00 1.05 Sejt. Belcher... 09 10
Con. New Yoric — 00 Sierra .Nevada. 42 43
Crown Point... 19 20 Scorpion 03 —
KostHierraNa* — 04|SllverHUl 01 03
Exchequer. 07 09 j «Uver Kin?.... 20 " —
Eureka Con.:.. — 25 Syndicate 02 —
liquid A Curry. 52 53Umoii(Joa 35 36
Uiile&Morcra.l.2O 1.25 Utah 05 06
lowa 02 04| Yellow Jacket. 42 43
STOCK AM» BOND EXCHANGE,
FRIDAY, Jan. 17-2 p. M.
CNITKK STATES BONDS.
Bid. Aspect.} Bid. Attend.
V 6 4s c0up. .10734 — \V K4B reg...lO7y a —v]
MISOKI.I.ANKOfS BOKDV
Cal-«:Cbless. — 110 Do. 2d Iss 6s. — —
Cal 65.106 — P&OKy6s. — 108
CntraCWss. — 100 PctCh itv 102' 4 105 i /a
Dpnt-stex-cp 77 95 I'wl-st.KR6s. — 116V4
KdsnL&l 1 65.1065/81073/; Reno. WLJtL — . 105
K&CJIKK6B.IO4» IO7 ' :lUver\VCo6s — 100
Oearv-stU6s. — 105 Isaciol 1 A 1, . . 100 102%
J osAneb6s. — 101 SFANPRRSsiOOi/ilOl
Do,Unted.6s. — 101 V 2 »PRRAriz6s — 95
\Mkt-stCble6sl2li/2 — " Ca165..110 —
DoßvConss..loß. 108y l«PRRCal6s.. — 971/ a
NevCNgKSs. — 100 |Sl'BrKCal6s. 96 96
N PCHK6S.IO3V2 — Water6s.. 1203,4 —
NRv Cal 6s.looy a — ! f*VVVater4B... 98> 8 99y 8
Ky Cal 6s. — 103 . !stktn(i>tK6H — ' 103
Oak Gas 55.. 104 a — SunstT&T6s.loo —
Do. 2d ls3 6s.lO4i^j — iSutter-slKss. — 110
Omnibus 65.. 118^^119^] VisaliaWC6s — 9J
Paci:ollM6s.. — - I
water stocks.
Contra Costa. 40 — |Ban Jose 7SVa »8
ilarinCo. .... 49 63 {Spring Valley 96V« 06S/
GAS STOCKS.
Capital ..... — 40 iPaciflc Light. 46 47y a
Central 95 — San Krancsco 71SA 7214
OnkGL&H. — 61 1. Stockton — 21V
I'ac Gas Imp. 79 '/ 3 80 Vil
INHURANCE STOCKS.
FiremansFd.l6s — |Sun 66i/ a —
-;';;'.■:" COMMKRCIAI. HANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. — — . lLondonPifcA.l2734 —
Anglo-Cal ... 681/4 — ILondonife.Sb'. — 30
Bank or Cal.. 230 233 iMercli Ex.... 12- —
CaISDATCo.. 561 2 62 (Nevada.. .... — —
Fir.stN'attonl.l7si/4178i/2 i father B Co.. — —
Grangers.... — — I
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
GerSAIjCo.)425 — ! !«av<£ Loan.. — 150
HumbH&L.IOOO — Security 210 250
Mutual 35 4iy 3 Union Trust. — 830
bavUnion — 490 |
California 105 — ;Oak,SL<fcHay — 100
Geary-st 60 70 11-reslaio... ' 6 —
Market-3t.... 44V 8 44V 3 Sutter-st — —
POWDKK STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 16 15V4'Judson. — ■'"— ' :■''
California — 88 Vigont. — 1
Giant. — 19 I
■ MIVCKL.I.ANFOt'R STOCKS
Alaska Pkrs. 97 99% OceanlcSSCo 17y a 20
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAnxFA.. 1 _
Cot Mills.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
Cal Dock. — — Pac IAN Co. — 30
Edison Light. 9614 — Pac Roll Mill 22i/ —
GasConAssn. — — |ParfPaintCo. 6 7y»
HawCASCo.. 7% 8 Pac Trans Co. — 26
HutChSPCa. 12i /a 131/ i PacTATCo 65 —
JudaonMfgC. — — ,EunsetT<feT.. 40 —
Mer KxAssulOO 110 .United — 25
: KORVINO hV'.tHIIIS"
foerd-50 S V Water, 96y 2 : $3000 S V 6%
Bonds, 121. .:& . ,;■ . . A
AFTERXcION" SESSION.
Board— 2o Atlantic Dynamite, 15i/«; SIOOO S V
4% Bonds. 99.
■■ Street — 10 Bank of California, 230; 60 S V
.Water, 98Va; $2000 a £' <fc N Jf Hallway Bonds,
100%.
EEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
H. and Cecilia Falkenstein to Joseph Uranden
stein, lot on s line of Jarkson street, 50 X of Gc
tavia. X 40 by S l'J7:8l/i; *10.
llmiiui J. Lasansky to Hnmeseekers' Loan As
sociation, lot on s ii ne O f x'nion street, 100 Eof
Lagnna, X 25 by S I37:tt: $\o.
Charles H. and Georgian* Hewt t to Willinm s.
Rainey, lot on s\v corner Clay and BrodericK
streets, \V 137:6 by s 127:8%; $10.
C. Jl. Unswell Jr. to Adolthe A. Weber, lot on
N line of Fell street, 106:3 W of Ashbury, W 26
by X 137:6. $10.
John and Bridget Norton to .lames B. Garnlas,
lot on Kline of Dolores street, 126:6 N of Nine
teenth, N 26 by X 110; $ 10.
Robert Chapman to F. I). Brandon, all interest
In the followinK :JLot on s\v corner of M.ojitgomery
and Filbert streets, W 62:6 by ;s 7 : a ; also i'H on N
line of Filbert street, 62 :6 W of .Mmi pomerv. \V
25 by 37:6; lot on 8 line of Fill.er: street. 192:6 W
of Montgomery, W 27:6 by 157:6; also assignment |
runrte by James, Charles ami Job a Murray, heirs '
of theeetate of Ellen Murray, recorded December
26, 1889; also nssignrnen t made by .lonn filcCoinbe
by Nellie Donovan, heir of said estate, recorded i
January 6, 1890: $10.
George Mears to Savings and Loan Society, all
Interest in lot on S line of California street. 117:13
W of Stockton, W 80, S 77:6. X 60, S 8:9, X 20,
N 68:9; SI.
Henry L. Dodge to same, lot on SK corner of
California and Jolee ssreeis, ci 77:6 by X CO: $1.
Savings and Loan Bootety to George K. Shad
bnrne, locod S line of California <!re-i. 1 1 7:6 W or
Stockton, W 80, S 77:6, X tO. N 8:9, X 20, N 68:9;
SKOOO.
I. W. and Emma A. Fuller to George B. Rose
well, lot on E line of Twentieth avenue, IDS x of
Call torn iv street. N 52 by E 120; plO.
rbomas X. Badger to Lillie E. Ktowell, lot on \V ,
line of Twenty-eighth avenue, ol0:.i N of Ciement
sine;. N 42:6, 8 81 deg., W 31:9, H 9 deg. IS mln., ,
B 42:3; SlO.
Charles H. and Ida Ford to James St. John, lot I
on X line of B street, 57 :6 W of Seventeenth ave
nue, W 25 by X 100: $r>7. r >.
Parker Ford Land Company to same, same ; $10. j
sol ami DoraUetz to David a u< i Kmmn shiiik,
lot on S\V corner of 11 street and Eighth avenue,
W 32:6 by S 100; $10.
W, S, Kendall to Catherine Slawson, lots 1591
and 3595, Gift >lap 3; $200.
James Foster to Adele Bert rand, lot on X line of
California avenue, 75 N of Ksmeralda. N 25 by X i
70, lot 143, (jilt Map 8; $10.
John J. and Mtry JL. O'Farrell to Mary Munk,
lot on XX line of Francis street, 350 .N \V of Mis- !
Bion. N\V 25 by NX 100, Academy Tract; *10.
George Wagner to Henry Meyer, lot on NW cor
nerof Harry and (ioettiriKi-n streets, X 100 by W
120, block 40, I'aul Tract Homestead; $ 10.
Henry If. Lynch to Kllen McDonald, lot on XX
lin« of Twelfth avenue, 800 N"W of L street, NW
50 by XX. 100, block 229, South Sail Francisco
Homestead and Railroad: $1.
Francis Clark to Catherine Clark, lot on BE
corner of Park and Kast avenues, X 91 :11, S 108. .
W 124:4, X to beginning, biocjcO, Holly Park;
also lot on line of Kast avenue. 91:11 X of
Park avenue, X 2;*> by H 10H, block 6. same; nift.
H. A. and Clara W. Jones i<> i hnr.es 8. West.
totS, block 25, Noe Canlen Homestead Union;
also portion of tide land, blocks 84 and 94. as m
864 of deeds, page 280; niso lots 19 to 24, block
94, O'Xeil <fc Haley Tract; SlO.
AI.AMKDA (liI'NTY.
William F. Curtis lo Alice 11. < urns, lot On Sline
of Eighteenth street, 125 )•; of Grove, E 50. S
89.27, SW 50. N 88.96 to beginning, lots 34 and 35, :
Johnson Tract, Oakland; sift.
Flora and Harriet K. Mix-ins to Evalina J. Hi<:
gins, lot on X line of Fourteenth street, 84 W of
iirove, X 103:9 by W 33, Oakland ; also property
in San Diego; $10.
People's Home Savings Bank to Jennie A. El
liott, lot on Wllne of Clay street, 25 S of Fifth, 8
50 by W 79:9, lots 16, 17aud portion of lot 14, block
45, Oakland; $10.
W. T. Thomas to R. A. Thomas, lots 6 and 7,
block X, new town of Lynn. Kast Oakland: $10.
J. C. and Mary K. McMnllen to Isabella E. Huth
erford, lot on s line of Parker street, 177 :6 J5 ol
Kllsworth, K 6o3 by 134:6, lot 12, block C, Leonard
Tract, Berkeley: ifio.
Francis J. and 1 Jell C. Woodward to Acnes M.
Yeo, lot on 8 line of Hopkins street, 622:84 W of
Boston live., s 57 to XX line of Champion street,
thence NW to point of intersection of Champion
street with s line of Hopkins street, E 1 30 to be
ginning, block A, Prospect Hill Tract, Fruitvale,
Brooklyn Township: Sit).
James A. and Virginia A. "Way mire to W. 11.
McDonald, lot on X line of Willow street, 127:6
X of Clement avenue, X 127:6 by E 90, block 15.
Alameda, subject to a mortgage, warranty deed ;
$>10.
Jo-eph A. Leonard Company (a corporation) to
Henry Koch, lot on 8 line of Baffle avenue, 210 X
Ol Willow street. E 42 by S 147:6. block 17, Ala
meda, lands adjacent to Encinal: $10.
Same to Samuel 8. Brower, lot on s lino of Eagle
avenue. L 52 X of Willow street, E 42 by S 1470,
block 17, Alameda, lands adjacent to Encinal : $10.
William F. Pike to Sarah Pike, loi 10. block 178,
Town of Newark, Washington Township; khi.
F. M. de and Joseph Vargas to Antonio L. de
Hrum, .ot on X line of Bryant street, 150 N of
Vine. X 5() by i. 150. lot 13, block F, Mission San
Jose, Washington Township;
Margaret U Henioti t>i Laurence Sands, lot on
s line of Irving street, 86 \V o! Lowell, w -'.", by S
100, beinn lot 44, Dohr Tract, Berkeley: $10.
Anna M. Wells (wife of F. il.i to PacitiC Marine
Bnpply Company of San Francisco, lot on X\V
corner of I'olsom and sixth streets. W 272*.. X
100, being the east 100 feel nt block F, tract B,
Berkeley J* and T. 1. Association, Berkeley : $10.
John F. Smith to Anna E. Smith, loi 212, Hose
Tract, Brooklyn Township: gift.
T. H.. K. D. and Lizzie A. I'assettto 11. I!, and
1' W. 1 rv. lot on E line of Tevis street. 225 N Of
Lloyd avenue, X 25. X f14.04, s 26, W P2 04 [o
beginnlngtlot 6, block D, Fruitvale (Station Tract,
Brooklyn i ownshlp, *H).
Xeils and Alma li nen to Henry Warnholt/, lots
23, 24 and 25, block 2, Jensen Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Margaret K. Kiiißsland to K. C. Sessinns. un
divided half of marsh land bounded on the Nfc by
JOast Creek opening into San Leandro Bay, on t tit*
W by W boundary of Bancho San Antonio (as
recorded), excepting that portion conveyed to (J.
Treat in 49 d 61, to J*. Currier In <i d 575. to M.
Damon in I.d 32, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Elma M. Siuar: et al. to same, undivided half of
same, Brooklyn Township; $10.
tHE CALL CALENDAR.
January, 1896.
Su. M.
5 6
12 18 |
I
19 20 !
26 ! 27 [
Tu. \V.
1
T 8 |
I 14 16
121 22
28 ->9
Th-^r.
2 | 3
9 10
16 17
23 24
30 SI
i 8a I
i | Moon's Phases.
(T^Lixst Quarter.
January 7.
<£"% New .Moon.
*■<£? January 14.
18
3 First Quarter
vi* January 'i' 2.
as I
/SjS) Full Moon.
! vS/ January SO.
OUI-.AN MKAMIiKS.
Dates of Departure trom San Franoisro.
HTBAMKB. | DKSTIXATIiIN *\ [[,<. | PIKR.
Peru I China ft Japan I.lan 18, 3pm IP M SS
Pomona Ilumholdt Hay .lan 18. 2rw I Pier 9
Corona ran fileito Jan 18.11 am j Pier 11
Araro Coos Jiav Jan 19.10 am 1 Pier 13
Columbia... Portland Jan 19. Pier 24
Hom«»r Coos Way lan 19. (Oceanic
City Panama ■ Panama lan •_>(). m PM. 3
City Sydney Panama lan 20,112 v v M S 8
I)el i-iorte .. Grays IlarDor. Jan 20. Htm '
Kurekn..... Newoor: Jan'2o. Bam Pier 11
CltyJ'uphla.. Vie <t I'ct Sim .1 an 20. 9am Pier 9
Point i.oma. Grays Harbor. .1an 21.13 m Pier 2
Australia.... Honolulu J»n '-'I.loam Oceania
B»nta Kom.. San Diego j. lan 'J'J.llam Pier 11
F aranou | 1 auulna Bay. Jan 23.10 am Pier 2
Mat* 1 of Cai Portland...' Jan 24.1Uam Pier 24
Xt Paul NewDOrt [Jan 24, (<am Pier 11
WaliaWaila Vie A Fgt Bnd Jan 25. 9am Pier 9
Wlllnml. Val Mexico [ Jan 25.10 am Pier 11
STK.UIGKS TO AKKIVK.
STKAMKR | PBOM i UI)R
Empire Portland I
Kureka. Newport i
Point JLioma lirays .Harbor • i
Del None [Grays Harbor
Homer Coo* isav |
A a: a Coos Bay
Willamette Departure Bay
f-nn-ta Kosa. *an Diego
Crescent city. .. Crescent City... . :
State of Cat . Portland !
Farallon Yamuna Hay ......
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Puget Sound
Pomona Humboitlt Bay
Coptic China and JaDan ■
StVam Newport
South Coast Portland .'"'.".". '.'.'.'.'.'.
A lice Blancna rtl i 'ortl»nd TXTiY.
Corona. San Uieeo '.!!!!!"
Fan Bias Panama.....
Araco Coos Bay ........!..„'.".'
Columbia. Porriaml " *•
..Jan 18
..Jan 18
..Jan IS
..Jan 18
! ..Jan IK
...lan 19
..Jan 19
..Jan 20
...lan '21
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan 21
..Jan* 23
..Jan '11
..Jan 23
1.. .1 an 24
..Jan 24
, ..Jan 25
...inn 25
SUX ASD TIDE TAI!I,K.
|HI«»H
: i Large
AT
>W WATKK.I SUN. |]
18.
19.
Large.jSmall. Small. Large. Rises; Sets | Set!
i S.Oiul 1.38p,:8.094| 8.i07 7.V3J~fiIB~9T
■■S.-'Ha 'J.'JUa 9.00 a! X.-HP 7/2 xl lin'ini
HYDKOGKAPHIC BILLKTIN.
Branch Hydrooraphic Opfxck., U. S. N. -»
Mkrchants' Kxchavgk. v
-. Ra , v .^ RA>J cisco, January 17. 189 R. )
The time bull on Teleßrapli Hill was dropped
tartly at noon to-dny-i. <- noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwich time.
A. F. Fkciitklek,
Lieutenant U. S. N.. in chart.''-.
___^^iMi I STEL CX,
Arrived. p^'
••■; FRIDAY, January 17.
Stmr Alcazar, G undersoil, 36 hours from
Port Los Angeles, baliait, to L X While Lumber
Co.
stmr Tlllamook, Hansen. 39 hours from San
Pedro; ballast, i 0 Pollard «t Dodge.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 22 hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse. to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
Stmr .National City. Andresen, 36 hours from
San Pedro; ballast, to C A Hooper <fe Co.
Sehr Monterey, Beck, 84 hours from' Bowens
Landing; — M ft lumber. V Hey wood.
Schr Chas S Falk. Anderson, 21 days from Port
Blakeley via Clallani Bay 15 days, lumber, to Ren
ton, Holmes & Co.
Clear«rt.
FRIDAY. January 17.
Dan ship Copley.Struckman.Queenstown; Girvin
<fe Eyre. • ■ -
Br ship Osbornc, Scott, Hull: Balfour, Guthrie &
Co.
Mallei!.
Ist, -i.., ' FRIDAY, January 17.
' ' Stmr .Teanie, Mason. Seattle. »• . • ■ - -
Stan Crescent City^ Allen, Crescent City,
— StrnrTieb Loomls.Bridsett, Ventura.
Stmr Whitesboro. Johnson.
Strar Gipsy, Inland. Santa Cruz.
Btmr National City, Armresen. Eureka. Rlflk »i er
Bark Kate Davenport. Reynolds. Port Blakeley.
Bark S C Allen. Thompson, "<niolu.ii.
Schr X X Wood, aansen, . d V^',,,,, Ri ve
Schr Lila and Mattie. Ltndbrldge, Coquille Blur.
le e»r;u>lii<'-
POINT LOBOS- January 17-10 pM-%\eather
thick:* wiiiu SB: velocity 36 miles.
The Sr^i SSffSS S?Srk^hn'«. T^
aTlu^ber^tßur^lnletoron the Sound for
Freemantle, Australia.
JJomostlc Ports.
SEATTLE-Sailed Jan 16-JBktn Quickstep, for
S "'xx r rKl"i'M-Sa:H.d Jan 16-Stmr National City
for San Francisco; B chr B W BartleU. for New
KUKKKA-Salled Jan 15-Sch Lillebonne; bktn
..-Arrived Jan ]5-Stmr Excelsior, hence Jan li:
Jan IT— Stmr Navarro, hence Jan 16.
ASTOIUA-Arrived Jan 17-Stmr Alice Blanch
ard. hence Jan 13. _ __._ «i
PORTBLAKELEY— Sailed Jan Ib— Schr Al
calde, for San Pedro. c^u. /->,_.
NEW WHATCOM— SaUed Jan 15-Schr Olga,
forHabukona. __ _. «'„-!
FORT BKAGO— Arrived Jan It— Stmrs iiivai
ami Noyo. hence Jan 16. «>;«
CASPAR— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Jewel, for san
Francisco. VRBOR— Pailed Jan J 6— BchT General
OIUYS UA RBOR— sallPd Jan 16— Schr C.eneral
Banning, lor Retlondo; schr Marion, for San Iran
cisco.
Forelcn r-ir'*.
ANTWERP— bailed Jan 17-Br shipJCedarbanlc,
for San Francisco.
HONGKONG— Arrived Jan B— Bark Coloma. fin
Astoria,
YOKOHAMA— SaiIed Jan Stmr City of Bio
de Janeiro, for San Francisco.
CALCUTTA— In port Dec 11— Br ship Eccle
fechan to load for San Francisco.
Movements of Train- Atlantic Steamer*.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 17— Stmr St Louis,
from Southampton.
BHKMl:kiia\KX— Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr
Ems: simr H 11 Meier.
LONDON— Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr Mohawk. '
CilßßALTAß— Arrived out Jan 17-atmr La
Normamtie.
11 M BURG— Arrived out Jan 17— Stmr Prussia.
FUNCHAL— Sailed Jan 16— Stmr Columbia, for,
New York.
BROW HEAD— Jan 17— Stmr Etruria,
from New York, for Liverpool.
Importations.
EUREKA — Per Pomona— l cs pumps. Isk coin,
37 bxs butter. 13 bdls hides, 17 sks potatoes. 1 pk«
mdse, 6 pkjjs express, 1 cs mineral water, 2 pugs
furniture, 74 M it lumber, 1 !>x bananas, 2 cs por
liers. 185 bxs apples, 30 sks peas.
Fields Landing— l3B sks potatoes, 78 bxs butter,
86 M shakes. 13 hf-bxs 18 bxs fish, 45 bxs apples,
1 cs dry goods.
Consignee*!.
Per Pomona— E Whitney & Co; A Branson: O
F Weber .v- Co: City Brewery: D N A- E Walters &
Co; Del Monte Milling Co; Dodge Sweeney * Co;
Dairymen's Union; Eveleth & Nash: F H Height:
Felling, Cressy & Co; Garcia & Sifagfdnl; McKay &
Co; National Brewery: Bawyer Tanning Co; Scott
4 Van Arsdale Lumber Co; standard Oil Co; \V V
Smith & Co; w.-iis. argo dc Co: A Paladiol; W H
Loeide; Weils, b'arjto <t Co; American Union Fish
Co; G Camilloni A Co: Milan! i Co; BCaito; Pao
Coast Fish Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co; X Ingaali;
Hills Bros; Norton. Teller ifc Co: OB Smith & Co;
Ross <& Hewlett; Witrel * Baiter ; a Rosain A Co;
Arctic Oil Works: Wheaton, Breon A Co; Butter
inck l'uhl!3hinsCo; Caddiu <fc Co; G Berti <£ Co;
Gray A Mitchell.
for tot/- Shipping Intrlligtnce See Fifttcnth. rape.
B^a. OFFICE FURNITURE
W^SffiM AND FIXTURES.
E^Mj"3 C - F. WEBER & CO.,
**iyir^»^ 300 to 30fi Post St.. cor. StofA-tti
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
PACIFIC COAST STEADISniP COSIPMI
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Soconcl Class S3 OO
Meals and berth included.
Ticket Office— 4 Sew Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PKB.KINK4 CO.,
General Agent*
■■. - ■ -
O. cft3 3XT-
ASTORIA ANfPOSTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $.> First Class,
; MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
For reservations cull at 19 .Mont-
gomery street.
Columbia sails January 19
fciateui California sails January '21
goodall, I'Kllk'lNS .<• co., oenl. supts.
F. F. COX. NOR, General Agent.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAXY
! STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM AjCß-
k^ Broadway wharf, Han Francisco, aa araK
follows-.
For Mary Island, Loring, WranKel. Jnnean. Kil-
lisnoo and Sitka (Alaska), at a a. m., Jan. 15, 30,
Feb. 14.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
1 Whaicom (BelllnKham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
Jan. B, 10, 15, '20, 25, 80, and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wttb
the C. P. R. R.. at Tacoma with N. P. R. R.,
at Seattle with U. N. By., at Pore Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldi Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., Jan. "J. 6, 10, 14,
18. 22. 26, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Ilarford (Man Luis Oblsi*>), Gavlota, Santa
■ Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro. East £ao
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana .Newport, at 9 a. m., Jan.
4. 8. 13, 16, 20, 21 28, and every fourth day
; thereafter.
' For San Diego, stopping only at Port llarfor 1
(San I. ins Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles. Kedondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. M., Jan. 2, 6. 10, 14, 18, 22, 26, 30, and every
| fourth day thereafter.
For Enseuada, San Josa del Cabo, Magadan, L*
j Paz, Alt&ta and Guayruas (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. m.. 25th of each month.
Ticket office. Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet.
GOODALL, PERKIXS A CO., Oen'l Agents.
10 Market si., San Francisco.
OCEASIC STEAMSHIP COMPANY.
< no] auntie gold field*
TO -^MSv (Freemantle). Austnv-
/SryJijA. twV,4> lili: •' ? -"- tim clas\
JmCV n<y> Nai \\\y' $110 steerage. Lowest
»^<a>^ff^^S^r rates to Capetown,
Wagf TrK* vßk Steamship Australia,
jjSeSj t^A*. T\ \lHk Honolulu o:i!v. at l®
im\ fsii^iktf , jgBJ Australian steamer,
Honolulu ftni Auek-
''Mjjfo^ij^^^^^r land, :"silay. teb.
Special Parties.— Reduced special rates far
parties Feb. 0 and la, 18i»ti.
Ticket olUce. 114 Montgomery street.
Freight office, 327 Market street.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS., General Agents.
COIMGIIEGMERALBTRAJSATLAIIIQCB
French l.im- to Havre. :■..
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH >**«_
\J River, foot of Morton st. Traveler! by StSS
this line avoid both transit by English railway au.t
tne discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
i boat. New York to Alexandria. Egypt, via Paris,
Hrst-rlas3sl6o: second class. $116.
LA BRETAGNE, Capt. Rnpe
January 11 <
LA OASCOGNE, Capt. Baudelon
January 18,
LA CHAMPAGNE, Capt. l'olrot
I unitary 25
LA'BOURGOUNE, C»pt. Leboeuf .""
February l
JEST For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Ag»nt.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI A CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, San Francisco^
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPANY.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPIJCWALL Am.
fortnightly for the West Indies :md &BggM
; Southampton, callini; en route at Ctrbour^iu
I France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Throiieh bills of lading, in connection with th«
• Pacific Mall 8. 8. Co., issued for freight a'irt treas-
I ure to direct ports In England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
! Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; thir<
eIMS, *87 60. For further particulars apply to
VARROTT A CO., Agents,
, . 306 California at.
"Itockim steamers
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington 3t_
At 5 P. M, Daily, Except Sunday,
j|^- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
STKAMKK :
T. Walker. J. D. Peters
Mary Garratt. City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. C.v. Kav. and Impt. Co,
YALLEJO AIM MARE ISLAM.
STR. MONTK'ELLO,
©ally, except Sunday_io a. m., 4 m. _,
Sunday— B p. v. ,
AtndlßK* Uiiiioa 1. V ln a yInteresting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
FREE TRAVEL NOT LEGAL
Judge Ellsworth Sustains the
Demurrer of the Southern
Pacific.
THE TEACHERS' PENSION FUND.
Many County School Superintendents
Declare It to Be Inoperative
and Useless.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
l io3 Broadway, Jan. 17. >'
The Southern Pacific Railroad Company
has a legal right toc6llect fares on Seventh
street. Judge Ellsworth so decided to-day.
Some months ago v bill of peace was tiled
by E. G. liuswell to test the right of the
company to collect fares on Seventh street.
A demurrer was interposed and the court
has sustained the demurrer. The opinion
written by Judge Ellsworth is a lengthy
document and practically disposes of the
rom plaint, although leave is granted to
amend in certain particulars within ten
days.
lie opinion of the court is contained in
the following extract:
The contention of the plaintiff is that the
defendant is a common carrier, and as such is
bound to carry, ail who offer to take pass age,
mid. that since the law prohibits the carrier in
this instance from demanding fare a party de
siring passaee is entitled to it without paying
for it. But it is not the rale of the common
law nor of the statute, unless by the provisions
of section 21 just cited, that "a common car
rier must carry passengers without compensa
tion. On the contrary the common law rule Is
that the carrier must carry those and those
only who stand ready to pay".
It is claimed by the plaintiff that the legis
lative intent was to compel all roa<ls which'
might thereafter be constructed in any of the
cities of the State under the provisions of that
section to carry all persons who might desire
I transportation' from one station to another
within the corporate limits of such cities free
of charge, no matter how vast the rr > Uitudes
might be who should apply for passaj:. Proba
bly no law was ever passed of such a naracter
in any part of the world before, and it would
seem "that if the Legislature Intended anything |
so unusual and extraordinary it would have
paid so in plain terms ia^teaa 91' leaving its
purposes in be a.-u-rtained by iuxor«;:icts to b<j
drawn irom the common law principles ap
plicable to common carriers. 1 think that an
examination ot all the provisions of the act in
question will show that it will not bear the
construction put upon it by the plaintiff.
In whatever light it may be viewed, section
21 of the act of May. 1861] on -which this ease
hinges, contains remarkable provisions. The
purpose of the section seems to have been to
facilitate the travel of passengers to and from
points outside 01 a city rather than to facilitate
travel from point to point within. This seems
apparent not only from the prohibition against
using » railroad as a street railroad, bin also
from the provision already quoted quiring
the route through the city "to be "as direct a
route as possible and accommodate the travel
ing and commercial interests thereof."
These provisions are so peculiar and remark
able as to give rise to a strong suspicion that
parties interested in street railroads may have
procured their insertion in the statute. The
views which I have expressed render unneces
sary any discussion of the question whether or
not, in case it should be held that the statute '
intends that railroad companies shall carry
r^ser.gers without compensation, such a con
tract exists between the plaintiff and defend
ant, as the plain till' claims.
TEACHERS* PENSION FUND.
A Judicious Measure That Is at Present
Inoperative.
OAKLAND, Cat... Jan. 17.— The new
teachers' pension fund law has been found
.to be •.ess and inoperative in its
present condition. Neither the County
Auditor nor County Treasurer is disposed
to handle the accounts or the funds that
will have to be established to meet the
requirements of the law. They assert that
the provisions are entirely too vague. The
law ■ mires that 1 per cent of the salary
of a teacher shall be set a3ide to create the
pension fund.
•'I think the on!}' way for the teachers to
do," said the County School Superintend
ent to-day, "will be to form an association.
Then let "them deposit this 1 per cent in
some savings bank, where it will draw
interest, and thus be of some benefit to
them. When tue law is amended, as it
must naturally be, the teachers can then
withdraw their deposits and place them
with the County Treasurer.
"At present ft is difficult to say whether
the Treasurer should hold the money or
not. Certainly if he does the teachers
rnieht lind it difficult to secure its return,
In its present condition the law is practi
cally inoperative. If a teacher should pay
into the mnd for nineteen years and then
become infirm, through mental or physical
ailment, he or she would have no recourse
either to the fund or to recovery of the
amount paid in.
"I have been in correspondence with the
county superintendents of Sacramento.
San ■ aquin and Santa Cruz counties, and
they inform me that the law is considered
as of no avail."
Evans Wants Nothing.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— J. W.
Evans, a School Director, who was slated
to succeed Charles Mautalen, chairman of
the Republican County Committee, but
was defeated for lack of a quorum, has
issued a letter to the public. Among
other thing? Mr. Evans says: "I have not
sought to be made chairman of the County
Central Committee, although ! have ad
vocated a change in chairmanship. I am
ready at any time to vote for Hawes of
: an Leandro, Fletter of Alameda, Ford of
Nile?, or any other member of the com
mittee who is a fairly good representative
of the Republican party. lam not seek
ing anything for myself."
More Delay.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The formal
order denying the motion to set aside the
indictments against Auditor Wbidden
was made this morning by Judge Frick.
The matter of the alleged insanity of a
grand juror invalidating an indictment
will probably be appealed to the Supreme
Court against the ruling of Judge Frick.
Next Wednesday, however, Whidden's
attorney will rile demurrers to the indict
ment and those will occupy the attention
of the court for some time.
After Insolvent. Officials.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The Mer
chants' Exchange has taken up the mat
ter of insolvency of public officials who
draw good salaries and yet take advantage
of the insolvency act. There are said to
be some officials in Oakland holding good
city or county offices who when asked to
jay their bills threaten to invoke the in
solvency act. It is probable that an effort
will be made to so change the law that a
public official cannot go through insolv
ency for any small amount. .
"Dr. .Md.i'au's Now Church.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The annual
election of the Plymouth-avenue Congre
gational Church resulted as follows:
Trustees— R. R. Lloyd, C. Knox Marshall,
.1. A. Mason, G. A. Ingols, William C.
Morgan; treasurer, G. A. Ingols; clerk. J.
V. Bacon . deacons — W. W. Lovejoy, S. K.
Love, Russell Whitman; deaconess, Mrs.
M. 1.. Merritr. The membership is 114.
The receipts for the year were $1850.
I truth or Mrs. IJ«al<>.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— Mrs. Eliza
bmh Beale, wife of Rev. W. 8. Beale, died
suddenly at her home on Magnolia street
ibis morning. She awoke at la. m. and
a tew minutes later became unconscious
and died within half an hour. Mrs. Beale
was a native of England, 72 years of age.
She has live.) in Oakland for tweuty-two
years and leaves four children.
Hill Must Answer.
OAKLAND, Cal., Jan. 17.— The prelim
inary examination of Benjamin Hill for
murdering his wife a week ago was held
to-day. There was very little evidence
taken, as the prisoner surrendered himself
after the shooting and admitted the mur
der. He was held to answer to the Supe
rior Court without bail.
The Honeymoon Is Over.
OAKLAND. Cal.. Jan. 17.— Mrs. Easton
has brought suit for divorce against J. W.
Easton on the ground of desertion and
failure to provide. The plaintiff was
formerly Miss Weidersheim and the wed
ding, about two years ago, was a social
event.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alaiurda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Fkancirco Call,(
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. \
The rain interfered with the attendance at
the poultry show at the Exposition building.
Sol I). Rogers, Robert A. Jackson and Orrin
Page have been appointed appraisers of the es
tate of the late Philip Boogar.
During the twenty-four hours ending at 1
p. X. to-day the rainfall was .52 of an inch; for
the storm, 2.2J inches; lor the Beason,7.oß
inches.
The trial of Ah Sing, who is charged with
felony for trying to bribe Chief of Police Lloyd
to secure immunity for lottery agencies, has
been set for January 'JJ.
A suit has been brouerht by William G. Hen
shaw against .lames P. McCarthy and W. M.
Fltzburg to foreclose a mortgage for $19,000 on
certain property in the San Miguel ranch.
The cloakroom of the -Market-street Congre
gational Church was robbed during the service
Sunday evening, and every conceivable kind
oi coat, cioak and wrap taken by the thieves.
The Golden Gate Baptist Church hns filed ar
ticles of incorporation with the County Clerk.
The trustees ere James E. Glendenning, W. de
Rome, Charles 0. l'arkhurst, Joseph L. Thorp,
Charles L. Lombard.
John Hart was ordered to pay a $20 fine at
I. ivermore yesterday by Justice Taylor. Hart
was convicted of cruelty to James, a 13-year
old son. The case was prosecuted by Deputy
District Attorney Carl Wood.
Ned Aver has applied for a writ of habeas
corpus in behalf of Joseph MenneHon, who al
leges that hi> 13-year-old daughter has left his
home and is restrained of her liberty by Mrs.
Lydia Prescott. The writ Is made returnable
January 'JO.
Ah Loy, the Chinese arrested by Deputy
Sheriff Quinlan for having in his possession
unstamped opium, had his preliminary exam
ination before Justice K. L. Lawrence In East
Oakland. After the people's testimony was
given he was held in^aOO bail to the Federal
court.
George Suden of Alameda was held up and
robbed last night about S o'clock while return
ing from East Oakland. He walked home and
just after he crossed the tidal canal bridge two
big men jumped on him. He attempted to
light, but was soon overcome. They only se
cured .*1 75.
At Germania Hall on Snnday evening, Janu
ary 19, there will l»e a (.lermnn theatrical pet
formance of "Hector," a drama in one act by
G. yon Mosher, under the management of
Thomas Lohmann and Carlo Hess, also a sec
ond part in one act resenting "Temerenzler."
The entertainment will close with dancing.
Thomas Inch, who was charged with stealing
a horse and buggy from T. J. Fish, has been
permitted to plead guilty to grand larceny, but
by reason of nis youth his attorney, Abe P.
l.i -Ach, succeeded in having him sent to the
Preston School of Industry instead of the
State pnsou. Inch will be of "age November -1
1599.
SCHOOL OF PATRIOTISM
Free Institution Opened by a
Naturalized Dane in North
Oakland.
He Hopes at Some Future Date to
Establish a Colony Near San
Jacinto.
Oakland Office Sax Ff.anctpco Call,)
90S Broadway, Jan. 17. f
An enthusiastic naturalized Dane has
opened a novelty in the way of a school of
patriotism in this city. He has remodeled
a dwellins-house at Twenty-fifth street
and San Pablo avenue, and has decorated
it in a manner that readily attracts atten
tion. On a big sign is the inscription:
Young America party headquarters. America
for Americans. Patriotism is the rod man leans
on neit to his God.
George Markewitz is the patriot, and he
is so convinced that his mission is to
preach patriotism that he gives a free
stereopticon lecture every evening. His
hall is always full, and the lecturer is quite
a power in the neighborhood.
His wife is the daughter of ex-Mayor
Linde of Hot Springs, Ark., and niece of
ex-Governor Rector of the same State.
Mr. Markewitz is not a political crank,
but a patriotic naturalized Dane, and is
the personal friend of prominent men
identified with National politics, among
whom are Brick Pon.eroy, Governor Tabor
and l'resident Cleveland.
Mr. Markewitz has studied carefully the
political situation of America, and is so
enthused with the idea of educating the
boys and girls in such matters, that he
keeps open house every night.
.\ir. Markewitz's intention is to perma
nently locate in California and in some
good locality not too thickly populated,
where a Danish colony could be established.
He favors San Jacinto.
Officers Elected.
The directors of the Society for the Preven
tion of Cruelty to Children have organized by
the election of the following officers and at
taches: Charles Sonntag, president; John
McCoinb, secretary; George A. Kewhall,
treasurer; (.ampbell, Keddy <fc Stetson,
counsel; Martin Stevens, attorney; Mrs.
Lydte A. Prescott, agent for Oakland. Two
new members were elected— Mrs. Hugh Craig
of Oakland and Mrs. Edward May of San
Francisco.
The cases in Oakland have become bo numer
ous that It was found necessary to employ a
special agent to attend to them. Mrs. I'rescott
• adquarters in the Central Bank building,
Fourteenth street and Broadway.
HOTEL AEEIVALS,
GRAND HOTEL.
W Shaw, Sacto BrFD Bilsford *wf,TTtah
N T wight. Auburn A s Biglow, Nevada City
C J Marr, Chicago M A Nurse, .Sacto
<. apt A L Nome, Cal A J Ivens, Cal
0 Uitz Jr, Stockton B Lafferty, San Jose
.J II Beectaer.Cal C S Jobe. Red Bluff
II > Converse, Oakland J M Polk, Oakland
II V Reynold*, Oakland H B Prlngle, Cal
J A Wilson, Red Bluff d A Oat rom, Yuba
It T .Mayer. Los Angeles Mrs Hosiner, Marysvllle
-Mrs A Vent. ( a! Mrs X Nkcolls. Napa
v, ii Smith. Chicago H H Hayes. Cal
IT.s;1 T. s ; : "> '"■ C " 1 MIM B Hayes. Cal
?t, B Skinner, Kurekß vA 11 Wright, Stockton
W k Duzan, Stockton X Mason, sacto
L A Johnson, Dakota C E Walsh, Sacto
1 M Langmore, Woodlnd L M King, Napa
i \\ eeker, NY w W Turner Ran Jose
A Vla Mote, Glen Ellen c Gurnet Oukianrt °"
v^VJ/^r 1 " on 1 -. vißalla C *" Bonf,ell, Cincinnati
rl ?i T » I 2J?° 1 !: £ acoma X 8 Valentine. Fresno
• r yjf Mcoli, Sacto i, r C A I'.ugglei.stockton
i i? i ln ? in M , nrtln ' I' E Smith, sacto
1. D Nash, jMcolaus C J cox Sacto
J L Barnaul, Red Bluff H C Hulett, Willows
PALACE HOTEL.
T.t o ]}' Nebr J X Hahnberg, Minn
Miss X Heftner&m.Colo Mrs A S Griez «ft eh Colo
G E Mitchell &w. Mass Jl c Henry Heat tie '
Dr W W Hitchcock, c al H M Y,.rr?n ton&w,Nev
A McDonald, Chicago D JJlnkc-is^ii, N V '
J . AJerome<Szw, Los A ng a M a c-vii , Chicago
A Klsas, Atlanta C Meyer V V "***»"
Win H Taylor, Or . X T Schwelv Philadelnh
MrAMrs R Pierce.Oakld Miss M, K-e Oakland
Miss •1 noon, Oakland Miss J Wait Oakland
C C Collier, England . KM Collier, land
1 1) Kip, Stanford C Heine, Stanford
W J Morgan, Milwaukee M Haas, Cincinnati
J S Purmojit, Chicago A(i Perry, Chicago
W A McCreery, Burlgme W B U Bayiey Us X
A lloff, liermany H F Jones & w, Sacto
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J W Holmes.Bakersfleld A X McDonald, Stockton
C Fischer, San Jose O L Belcher, Sauaallto
II Sunders, Sausallto X C Sefflnster, Oakland
Mrs Frawiey, Oakland F Fitzgerald, San Jose
i; C Kenyon.l-os Angeles 8 Levlnson, Chicago
W D Donovan. NY F W Hanson, Salt Lake
J Edel, Richmond, Va J F Feuger, Petaluma
W'm Atta, I'etaluma
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
II L Fisher, Alameda I, II Greentree, Presidio
H O Harrington, NY iW Murphy, Humboldt
V V Brennen, Nevada V J Webb, Watsonville
J D Lenley, Watsonville .J Ryan, Boston
a .McNarey, Callstoga E J Nolan, Portland
V J Smith, Salem I" h McGaw, Boston
G J Ford, Stockton • . G Bund, California
THE SAxN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY ltf, 1896.
LOCATED THE MURDERER
Judge Gibson's Remarkable Story
of a Small Piece of
a "Call."
WAS USED FOR A GUNWAD.
A Chapter of Criminal History That
Cannot Be Duplicated in a
Generation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. f
In the Sheriff's office at Martinez is a
small scrap of an old Call that formed
the connecting link in a chain of circum
stantial evidence that sent a murderer to
the penitentiary for life. Judge E. M.
Gibson of this city was District Attorney
at the time, and to-day he told a story of
some detective work that reads like a
novel in these days.
"Fifteen years ago," said the Judge,
"newspapers were not what they are to
day. The trial of Lyle was held at Mar
tinez, and little attention was paid to it.
Although as line a story as ever a news
paperman could wish to find, its salient
points have never yet, to my knowledge
appeared in print.
'In Wildcat Canyon fifteen yeara ago a
rancher named Sullivan was found dead
with a shot in his back that went through
the heart. He was lying under his -wagon, !
just as he had fallen, a short distance
from the main road. I went to the spot
with John Teague, who was a Constable
then, and we examined the nlace caret
fully. It was very evident that the wagon
had switched off the road at the place
where Sullivan was shot, as there was no
possible reason for leaving the road at that
point. We pushed the wagon back into
the very spot and put the wheels in the
tracks. Then we put a pencil in the holes
that some of the shot had made in the
back of the wagon-seat and they pointed
directly to a little bush a few yards away.
"We went to the bush and found some
tracks there. They led to a point quite
close to the wagon and in the direct line of
tire. On searching the bush we found a
piece of charred paper that had evi
dently been used as a wad. Picking it up
carefully we followed the footprints in the
soft earth, and after following the creok
and crossing over we lost them, but they
led, so far as 'we could see them, in the
only path by which, any one could reach
, Lyle's house.
Sheriff Jere Tyrrell went to Lyie's house
'■ and arrested Lyle, and on searching the
I place he found on a shelf near the gun
-1 r.icK about half of a Call. He took it
I with him and also some shot that he
found in the house. Lyle said he had no
DESIGN SUBMITTED BY ARCHITECT DENSE FOR ALAMEDA'S PROPOSED
LIBRARY BUILDING. THE COST OF THIS STRICTURE WOULD BE 52500.
shot of the size that killed Sullivan, but
some of the exact size were found in his
house.
"Lyle's boots were also taken and put
into the footprints, and they fitted ex
actly. There was a tip oa one shoe and
there was the impression of a tip on every
other footprint along the creek from the
scene of the murder. But neither the
shoes nor the shot formed a direct un
broken connection between the murder
and Lyle. That was supplied by the
little piece of The Cvi,l.
"We took the charred shred of pap?r
and spread it very carefully on a card. It
was no bigger than a tnumb nail. Then
we took the piece of the newspaper found
on Lyle's gunrack and hunted all over it
for some lines that would fit the letters on
the little scrap found under the bush. At
last we made a connection. It was a piece
of a small "want ad." and the rest of it was
on the paper found in Lyle's house.
"It was stated th ;it might have been
in a paper of a different date, but we
proved by The Call foreman that the
"small ad." was only inserted for one day.
It was also proved that Lyle & Sullivan
had quarreled over a lawsuit.
"I was asked by the District Attorney of
Contra Costa County to assist the prose
cution. At the first trial one man hung
the jury, but at the second trial, conducted
by A. A. Moore, there was a verdict of
murder. Ly!e was sent to the penitentiary
for life. Some time ago he was taken sick,
and I joined with others in asking for a
pardon. The Governor granted it, but
Lyle soon died."
AN OPPOSITION FERRY
Reports Abroad That the S. P.
Company Will Establish One
at West Berkeley.
Find of a Historic Relic— More Burg
laries—Pew Rents Abol
ished.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— Reports
of a semi-official nature are in circulation
that the Southern Pacific Company pur
poses wagincr war against the Piper, Aden,
Goodall Company for the control of "West
Berkeley's freight business by putting into
service an opposition steamer. At the
present time the latter company is with
out a rival at the West End, and as a re
sult all the freight shipped by steamer
must go by one of their veßsels.
Eecently the rates of transportation
have been raised, and several large ship
pers, such as the Standard Soap Company
and the Wentworth Boot and Shoe Cona
pany, now ship by rail.
It is said that the railroad company will
run its steamer Herald to West Berkeley
twice a day and cut rates so as to gain
patronage. The Herald is now making
i one trip daily between San Francisco and
Vallejo. Meanwhile, West Berkeley is
| awaiting with, interest the developments
in the case.
An Old Document.
BERKELEY. Cal.,. Tan. 17.— John Boyd,
! a local expressman, while opening an old
j lounge, yesterday, found a document of
! historic interest.' It was a mortgage dated
February 10, 17G2, and begins as follows:
Know all men by these presents that we, Ben
jamin Lindnur of the City of New York, doctor
ol physic, and John Baltue Dash of said city,
baker, m the sum of six hundred pounds cur
! rent lawful money of New York, to be paid to
the saia Peter Marschalck, his attorneys, exec
! utors, administrators or assignee, to which pay
! ment, well and truly to be inside aud done, we
i bind ourselves, our heirs, executors, and ad
ministrators, jointly and generally, firmly by
these presents, sealed with our seals. Dated
tht^ sixteenth day of February in the year of
our Lord one thousand seven hundred and
sixty-two.
No More Pew Rents.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— The First
Congregational Church of Berkeley,
through the influence of the pastor, Rev.
George B. Hatch, has decided to abandon
I the system of renting pews for at least
I one year. The delicit will be made up by
the passing of the contribution plate.
: Subscriptions to the amount of $80 per
, Sabbath have been pledged.
Kobbery at th© West End.
BERKELEY, Cat,., Jan. 17.— The house
of P. Mariasco, on Fifth street, near Ban
croft way, has been broken into twice
i during the past week. On Monday the
house was entered and $8 taken. Last
night four sacks or potatoes were taken
from his barn.
Help to Pre Tent Burglaries.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.-Marshal
Lloyd, in view of the many recent burglar
ies which have taken place in Berkeley,
suggests that business men aid the night
j watchmen by leaving at least one light
j burning at night.
Fonxo Heavily Fined.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jan. 17.— Fred Fonzo
! of the Center-street restaurant was rAned
i $200 yesterday by Judge James for viola
i tion of the li juor ordinance.
TWO REPUBLICAN CLUBS.
They Flourish and Are Rivals
in the City of
Alameda.
Public Sentiment Asserting Itself in
Regard to the Tidal
Canal.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— There are
two Republican clubs in Alameda — the
Alameda Republican Club and the Regu
lar Republican Club. At the head of one
is George H. i'ayne, one of the Republican
warhorses of Alameda, and at the head
of the other is Colonel George C. Babcock,
Court Commissioner. There is no ap
parent reason wny there 3hould be two,
and Jthere does not appear to be any wide
spread factional feeling, hut the two clubs
are active and of almost equal member
ship. The strength of each, should the
two be crpposed in a primary light, cannot
be readily estimated, as many members
have their names on both club rolls. It is
likely that therj will be a contest when
ibe primaries are held to elect delegates to
the State convention. It is beli-ved by
some Itading Republicans that the split
originated over the Superior Judgeship.
Judge A. B. Hunt was prominent in the
organization of the Alameda Republican
Club. He is a candidate fot Superior
Judge. Colonel Babcock is Court Commis
sioner, a position to which he was ap
pointed by the Superior Judges, two of
whom are candidates for re-election. The
success of Hunt wo did mean tne contin
uation in the comuussionership of Bab
cock.
Improvement Association.
ALAMEDA, Cai,., Jan. 17.— Alameda's
splendidly improved condition is largely
the result of the work done and the local
pride inspired by the old Improvement
Association which flourished in 1887 and
the three succeeding years. Lately a need
is being felt by some of the citizens for
another such organization, not so much to
improve Aiameda as to agitate and pro
mote Governmental and other improve
ments adjacent. The tidal canal is being
I dug very slowly. The money appropri
ated for Oakland Harbor is being spent
very largely down o:i the Oakland front,
mainly becanse there is a public demand
for it there and littl# or none here. An
organized body could voice public; senti
ment here and make it emphatic. Then
the roads leading into Alameda are all in
bad condition. Concerted effort would
tend to improve them and put them in
keeping with Alameda's streets.
Krovrn Declines.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jan. 17.— The chair
man of the Municipal Trustees appointed
B. C. Brown as one of the delegates to rep
resent Alameda in the Anti-Funding Con
vention. Mr. Brown, however, has de
clined the honor, stating in a card pub
lished in a local paperl that he is the "offi
cial stenographer of Master in Chancery
Heacock of the United States Circuit
Court, and as such he considers it improper
for him to accept an appointment that
would lay him liable to a charge of offen
sive partisanship.
STREET RAILWAY BLAMED.
Verdict of Censure by the Coroner's Jury
hi the Pinena Inquest.
At tne Coroner's inquest held upon the
Swiss laborer, Antonio Pinena, who was
run over by a Mission-street electric car
near Persia avenue, and who died of his
injuries on the 13th inst., the jury returned
a verdict yesterday censuring the Market
street Railway Company and the motor
man, E. Wilson. The verdict read:
"We find that his decease was due to
the negligence of the railroad company in
not providing effective brakes on tueir
cars, and also to the incompetency of the
motorman in charge of the car which
caused his death."
MUSIC IS NOT IN FAVOR
High School Students Prefer
Going Home Early to
Singing.
HALF THE CLASS DROPS OFF.
The Board of Education May Soon
Restore the Old Order of
Things.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. \
Music is evidently not a popular study
at the High School. A few days ago there
was a lengthy and argumentative session
of the Board of Education, during which
the request of the teachers to close the
High School at 3 o'clock instead of 3:30
was under discussion.
Much was said on both sides, the omnion
of the opposition being that there was no
need to close the school so early, as the
university kept open till 5 o'clock.
In order to make the change and not
interfere with the regular studies it was
found to be necessary to assign the music
lesson to an extra period after school
time, from 3to 3:30 o'clock. Those favor
able to music in the board objected to the
change on the ground that it would prac
tically result in breaking up the music
class, they being of the opinion that most
of the pupils who had been attending the
class during the scliool hours would not
care to stay lor music and would go home
at 3 o'clock.
Professor S. P. Meade, who acted as
spokesman for the teachers, replied that
ttie class would not fail off at all, but pre
dicted that it would increase. He said the
places of those who left on account of the
subject being put after school hours would
be taken by those who had formerly ne
glected the music lesson and had spent
that period in study.
The new rule has only been in force one
week and the music class has dropped
from 200 to 115. Principal McChesney Bays
that he will be satisfied if the number is
kept at its present fieure.
The members of the board who oppose
the early closing of the Hizh School will
bring the matter up again, and they are of
the opinion that the result of the' change
will be that a majority of the Board of
Education will vote for a restoration to
the old order of things. If the class
should fall off to such a point as to show
that the interest is too small to justify the
keeping of a teacher, the department of
music will probably be dropped.
AGAIN AT BLACKMAIL
Mrs. Ann Woods Has Resumed
Her Old Work in Hay
wards.
More Trouble With The Woman Re
cently Discharged From an In
sane Asylum.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, Jan. 17. j
Mr?. Ann Woods, who has been terror
izing the people of Hay wards and vicinity,
is not "the mysterious woman" that she
has been called. There is very little mys
tery about her, as her history is very well
known.
She ha 9 been in every prison of any aize
on the Pacific Coast as an all-round confi
dence woman.
She made her debut in Oakland about
six years ago and took up her abode at
various first-class lodging-houses, where
she represented herself as the bosom friend
of Mrs. Leland Stanford and a lady of un
limited means, with no end of influence.
Her dress and ladylike bearing bore out
the statement, and she found no difficulty
in running large bills of all kinds, until ft
was discovered that she was a fraud.
She eventually was landed intheCounty
.Tail, not, however, until she had also
blackmailed some Oaklanders who had
hidden chapters in their lives, which she
had Jearnea.
After serving a long term in the Oak
land jail Mrs. Woods went to an insane
asylum. Only a few weeks ago she was
discharged and is again at her old tricks in
Haywards.
RAISING UP OF CHIEFS.
An Interesting Ceremony by the Red
Men This Evening.
The raising up of 23S chiefs of the Order
of Red Men, which means the installation
of the recently elected officers, in Odd Fel
lows' Hall this evening will be p.n extra
ordinary event.
It will be an installation of the officers
of the several tribes in this City and will
be the rirst time that such have been in
stalled in joint session by any fraternal
organization.
The work will be performed by the
deputy great sachems of the various tribes,
and they have been for some time per
fecting themselves in their duties under
direction of Peter L. Hoff, deputy great
sachuru of district 1.
The great sachems will all be in attend
ance, and after the ceremony of installa
tion there will be a musical and literary
entertainment and then there will be a
dance.
There has been a great demand for
tickets, and the indications are that there
will be a crush. The hall will be appro
priately decorated.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN
Overworked
■ i i |i j from
»t A [ I^3 an cause
THE IDEAI. TONIC
builds up r^-i
Strength is lasting
Quickly I 'n good
QUlCkly effect
Mailed Free. I ;_:;'__;__j^ 1.. : _
Descriptive Book with Testimony and ]
Portraits I
i OP NOTED CELEBRITIES. }.
Beneficial and Agreeable. ■
.' Every Test Proves Reputation.
ATOid Substitutions. Ask for ' Tin Marlani.»
• At Druggists and Fane; Grocers.
MARIANI & CO.,
Pabtb: 41 Bd. H»n«mmnn. 52 W. 15th St., »8¥ TO*. :
Lou DOS 539 Ox'crd Sirset. ' •*
FIRE CHIEF A. H. RUNGE.
His Restored Health Was Due to Paine's
Celery Compound.
The position of chief of fire department
in a big city like Minneapolis, with its
acres of valuable bailding property, crossed '
by numerous railroad lines and dotted i
with factories where the fires are never j
"banked," is one of the utmost responsi- |
bility, and can be entrusted only to a man
of unquestioned character and ability.
August H. Runge, who has filled this
responsible position for several years with '
so much credit to himself and to the city,
was born in New York in 1852, where he
received a common school education.
"What such a man as this has to say can
scarcely fail to carry weight with it:
"With the hope that what I say may in
some way be brought to the attention of
others who, like myself, have suffered with-
out any apparent cause, \ feel constrained
to recite a brief tale regarding an experi-
ence which I trust may never be repeated
in my case.
"A few months ago, owing doubtless to
the exacting nature of my duties as head
of the tire department, I began to feel a
sort of languor and listlessness, todisguise
which I was compelled to bring into play
all the strength of will I could command.
The feeling grew upon me, however, ami
iv a short time it took such possession of
me that it affected my appetite and caused
RAILROAD TRAVEI..
LOW RATES BY RAIL i
....T0....
SUNDAY JANUARY 19,
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market St., at 8:00 p. m.
«h"J rn— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tourist
Of ■0 U Sleeper. .~»:-i
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth in <2>l C.OO
Pullman Standard Sleeper, «Jp lt)
SPECIAL NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pas-
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
sold or baggage checked to such points.
aS" Through Tickets for Fuget .Sound
Point* on Sale at K«rtucpfl Kates.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office). San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. WOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt !
'
SOITTHKItI* PACIFIC COHPANT.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
TrnlM* Iritvi' mid »re tine to nrrlte nl
MAN MKAXCISCO.
tKAVB — FltOM NO\-EMBEf» 20. 1305. — Al.r.iVl
. «i3oa. Haywards, Nilcs and Way Stations.. 10:15 a
7:OOa Atlantic K^press, Og<li-n and JOast.. JS:-UJp !
7jooa Benlcia, Vacaville, Eumsey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis . ; . . 7: 1 5
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Kapa, Calis-
toga aud Santa Rosa 6:13p
8:30 a Kiles, Kan Jose, Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, MaryßTlllo, Iteil llluff
and Sundays eicepted OrOTille..,. 4: 1 ft
•S:3o.vreters and Milton »7:13p i
9:00.v Leandro, Haywards& Way Hfns 11:43 a
9:<m»a Ixis Aneelcs Expren, Raymond,
(for \cscmite), Santa Barbara
and T.os Angeles 4>4Sp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:4.1 a
1«:«Oa San Leandro, Il.ywtrdsand Nil;s ... ?:45p
12:00 m San LeaactlO, Ilayirards 4 Way Sfcs 2:45*
l:OOp Nilcs, San Jocoand LiTennoro...... 154
•l:OOp Sacramento River Bteamnra *!»:OOp I
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations IT:45p
8:00p San L?ar.(iro, HayTvardo&'WaySt'us 5:-55p
4:00p Ran ! a ilro. Haywards & Way St'ns G:4sp
<:00i- Maniucz, ban Ramon. Vallcjo,
Na|>a, Oalistoga, Ijl Verano and
ijantu Uoea Sil&A
4tO«* Bcnloia. Esparto, Woodland,
• Knielits Landing, Marjsville,
OroTillo and Sacramento 10:45*
4:9«pNiles, San Jose, Livermoro and
•Stockton 7:13p
R:«0p San l.eimlro, Haywards & Way Rfns 8:45f
3:«<»r New Orleans ICxi<ieE-">,l'"resno.Balccrg-
• iield. Hank! 1 . I'arbn.ra, 1 .os Angeles,
Doming, El Paso, Now Orleans und
East. ; 19:43 a
S:3op Santa Vo Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavo and East 10:43 a
6:00 European Mail, Ogilcn and i;ar.t.... 9i45*
6:OOp llaywatds, Nilt-a and Han Jose 7:13 a
t7:Ofti>Valtejo 17:45p !
7:0llp Orceon I'lxproßß, Sacramento, Marys*
»ille, Iteddine. rortlauO. l'ngct
Sound and Host 10:4 3a*
7:00r San Ijeandro, Ilaywardai Way Rt'ns 1 0:5 Op
«:OOp BanLcandro,Haywards&Way 1tl^:«0A
•IlOlOSp "Sunset LtnsJted," Fresno, Loa
Angeles, El Paso, New Orleans
and East §1T.45p
tfllllS.- BanLeandro.Hayv.ard3&WaySt'n3 7:13 a
HAXTA (.lIVZ DIVISION (Xarron flangf).
. SilOa Ne\Tiivlt,Ot'iitor»illo,HHii.lo3o.Feltoii,
Uoulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 3>B*i i
•2:15p Newark, Cenkerville, San .lose, New
■ '■'. . Almaden, Felton, T.ouldcr Creek,
Santa Crnz and Principal . Way ■"'.'■'■
Stations...... «11 a
4:15p Newark, Sati .lose and 1.0.i (i.itos.../ 0:30 a j
tll:li»p Hunters' Krcursion. Ban Jose and
Way tlon;i -- t7;gQp
COAST DIVISION A lowiisiml Sin.)
0:45 a Sail JoS'j ami Way Stations (New -
Almadeu Wednesdays en!;), 1:43f
8:13 a firm Jose, Tre.s I'inos, .Santa Cruz, ..•."
l'acilio Gram Paso Roller, Han
Luis Oliispo, Guadalupo uml Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p '
I O:4Oa San ami W»y Stations 5:««p :
11:43 a Palo AHo mid Wny Stations 3:30j
"2:3Oj> San .lose, Oilrny, Trcs I'inos, Santa
Cmz, Salinas, Mocteicy r.ml I'acilic
. ■ ■ Gr0v0.... •IO:1Oa
•3:30p SaiiJoso and Principal WayStalions U:47a
•4:30 i» San Jose and Vv.iy 5tati0n5......... »«:Ooa
5:SOl> San.Toseanil Way Stations.... •>S:tSA
«::»«!■ San Joso and AVay Stations «::Jsa
<ll:l.">l» San Jose in »l Wny StaLinna t7:43>
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. "~
From SIS FRISCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
*7:15 9:00 . 11:00 a. M. $1:00 •2:00 13-Cfl
•4:03 15:00 -*6:00 p.m. *
From OiKlllfß— Foot or Broadwaj.—' *6-00 SCO
10:00 a.m. tI2:CO *l:00 *2:(J0 »3:00 $1:00
"3:00 ... - . --, ■
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excelled. % t Saturdays only.
'I •Sundays only.
i\ Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights only.
and Saturdays S Sundays and Tcorad*n ',
insomnia. I approached my meals with a
feeling amounting almost to nausea, and
i my bed with horror at the restless night
! which I was almost certain was before me.
I Matters became so serious with me that £
could no longer keep silent about myself,
and speaking of it to one of my friends one
clay, he suggested that 1 try Paine's celery
compound. I purchased a" bottle and be-
fore I had taken a dozen doses I knew that
the suggestion was a good one. I felt
an improvement. I continued to use it,
and felt restored. My appetite is good,
and I sleep well, and instead of an irksome
j grind my business is again a pleasure to
I me. I attribute this happy state of affairs
to Paine' s celery compound."
! As in the case' of Fire Chief Runge, Jthe
: beginning of poor health Is very apt to rob
! one of the will power to start immediately
I about getting out of danger. It is this mi-
i ertia of poor health that makes an ordin-
I ary "run-down" bodily condition so dan-
! gerous, and so likely to go on to something
I worse. Every day it is clearly shown that
: it won't do to live tireu-out, and on the
I verge of breaking down. Thelanguor and
the lack of strength are sure to increase.
Now is the time to throw off disease. As
i the new year begins there are fewer hin«
drances to getting back strength and sturdy
I health. The bracing weather arouses a
' longing for health. Paine's celery com-
poutul, taken now, does its best "service
toward driving out disease and establish-
ing firm health.
f .^ RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
SMFR4NCISCO&JVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:S\
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays-Ektra "l »
andll-30p M M SatUrd * y EXtr * trip at I:s*
BD!S SfOO,^20 8 9:301 11:0 *"■' I:3 °' 3:3 »
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK BAYS— 6:2S, 7:55, 9:30, 11-10 a ici
lh% 3^.V^e%fr S^ Idaya -^ tn '^
6UNDAVS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:4 a
Between San Francisco and Sclinetzen Park jami
schedule as above. »-«-•
«, Leave In effect Arrive *
San Francisco. o":T 28. San Francisco.
I-iays. ; i>ayB. destination. BAYa^ j mys
7:40 am 1 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am |^Oa>
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:S0 am
6:10 pm 1 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pu
Fulton.
7:40 Windsor, 10:30 AM
: ■'■. -•••■ Healdsburg,
Cicyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am Cl'overdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 m
' j Pieta, : ~
7:40 am I Hopland <&
,8:00 am L'kiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 711
7:40 am] j 10:30
8:00 am Guernevi;ie. 7:30 »si I
3:30 PM| I 6:15 PIC
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 ah ! 8:50 AX
6:10 en 0:00 pm and 6:05 pm 6:15 pk
| | Glen Ellen.
7:40 am 8:00 AMI K<>ha . tonol 110:40 am 10:30 AX
3:3opm|s:oopm| b*QMtopol. I 0:05 pjf! Q : i5 Pi<
Stages connect at San Kafael for Rolinas. ~
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pieta for Highland Springs^
Kelseyville. i - : i v- <-port.
Stages connect at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, B1q«
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake. Boonevllle, Green-
wood, Mendoclno City. Fort Brajrg, Usal, Westport,
Canto, Willetts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, Joh«
Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, scoii»
and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduoei
On Sundays round-trip tickets to ail point* b*>
yoiid San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. a WHITING. R. X BY AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
S Atlantic
RAILROAD
Trains leave from and arrlrs
at Market-Street Ferry.
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
leaver atdSu y Lo u ls! UtChanB;e> Annex Cari '"
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
B H°2l d T7 e " tlbule Train Dally ' wlth Dlnlng-carn.
nnder Haryeys management. Connecting trains
I leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 8:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
I isew rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery:
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlni»g-
can. *
Ticket Omce-644 Market Street,
Chronicle Building.
IVORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Saugalito Ferry).
flam San Francisco, beginning October 27, 183 S.
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rn!ael-7:30, 915, 11:01
a. M.: 1:45, 3:45, 5:15, 6:30 p. M.
Ban Quentiu— 7 :3o, 9 :15 a. M. : 1 :4b, 5 :15 M.
Extra trips ior Sun Bafju-1 on Mondays, Wedne*
days and Saturdays at 11 :30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley, San Rafael aud San Quentln—
8:00.10:00,11:30 a.m.: 1:30,3:00,4:30, •0:11
p. M. : *Does not run to San Quentia.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:30 a. M. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Tomales and way stations,
I 1:00 a. v. Sunday*- Point Beyes aaa wajsLajlom
1314
RACING IN THE RAIN
But Two Favorites Navigated
Safely Through the Slushy
Going.
FRED GARDNER WON ROMPING.
The Acrobatic Montalvo Furnished the j
Big Surprise of the Day's
Racing.
The heavy downpour of liquid refresh
ments from the heavens made the going ;
just a trifle more juicy at Ingleside yester
day, and horses with very remunerative
odda about them splashed in. The favor- ,
ites fared the worse for the splashing; but i
two out of me six coming into any great
prominence.
Even though the weather was too damp
for pleasant traveling without an umbrella
accompaniment there was no notable :
diminisnment in the attendance, and
speculation was lively on all of the differ
ent events.
That enigmatical performer, Montalvo,
furnished the startling surprise of the day,
defeating a line field of mudlarks in the
last race, at odds of 20 to 1.
As giod as 11 to 10 was offered against
Louis Ezella Kamsin, the favorite for the
opening five and a furlong dash, although
as post time drew near the money went
in on him, and 3 to 5 was not plentiful. lie
ran circles around liis field and won as he
pleased. In a drive Wyoming took the
place from Mt. McGregor II by three parts
of a length.
With the mile dash that followed began
the upsets. From 7 to 5, Little Jirumie
was speedily backed down to even money
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
Thirty-second Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Weather Rainy
1 1 rack Sloppy. Ingieside Track, san Francisco, Friday, January 17," 1596.
."^X"! FIRBT RACE— Jive and a half forlonts; selling; tbr
: purse (400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. | 14 | y^
sOg Kamsin. 3 101 1 11
(529) Wyoming, 3 109 3 32
- Mt.M<(iregorll,3.lo4 5 2 h
536 Koma. 4 11l 6 41
4M> E. H. Sheriey, 6..120 4 6 5
521 H.rmanita. 4 11l 7 7
" 8 .\shlandKo.ii.st-4. 113 2 5 3
»4 Sir.
lh 24
34 3 4
-'2 1 h
42 4 3
j 6 6 54
7 V j 7
52 6 3
I
Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettinp.
Op. Cl.
sOg Kamsin. 3 101 ! 1
(529) Wyomln?. 3 109! 3
508 '■::.M<-«iregorll. 3.lo4 5
536 iKoma. 4 11l 6
480 lE. H. Sherley, 6.. 120 4
521 H.rmanita. 4 11l 7
538 !AshUndKclii.se4.ll3| 2
1 3 ("ochran i 1
21 ■, Dowtt 4
315 Donnelly 2
4i a Ballard* | 8
! 5 n llennessv |15
610 H. Martin 15
7 Two Bits 15
- 3-5
7-2
7-2
25
Ho
log
Fair start. Won easily.
Winner, I>. Er.ell's b. p., by Blazes-Miss Hall. Time, 1:1H 2 .
". *■♦> SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; :hree-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse 9 400.
Index. 11 orse. age, weight. St.
'4
'2
3 ,4
str. Fin.
Jockeys.
Bettinc
Op. Cl.
519 Fred Ganlner, 5.110 1 258 11, 16 16
525i1keL,4 lO.=> 2 ] 11 21 a 1 -, 23
634 Little Jinimie. 3.. 87;44iA 4h 45 44
540 ! Artist, 5 110; 73 1 34 3 4 35
540 Gnaaie, 5 105 5i 5Vi 610 5 5
414 SkHlkaho, 3 90 6 7 7 7 6
441 Imp. Empire, a.. .105 3i 65 6 5 6 7
1 6 Pigeon 7-2 13-2
'i 1 ;K. Jones 25 75
33 :c;arner : 8-5 1
4 4 Ballard 3-2 7-2
; 515 Coady 6 10
! 610 H. Brown 40 80
I 7 Chorn 10 12
tiood stan. Won easily. Winner. F. M. Taylors eh. h., by Luke Blackburn-Enrilade. At post 11
minutes. I imp, 1 :4b'*4.
O THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; selling: three-year-olds; allowances; purse S4OO.
Index. Horse and weight.
St.
*4
Vi
S A
Fin.
Jockeys.
i Betting.
Op. cl.
513 [Hazard 110] 6
623 I Ferris Hartman.. 107 i 1
506 | ! rappeau 1115 5
544 Walt r.T 110 8
539 Braiueua 105 3
475 Vnaqneamo 109 i 4
534 Irene E 105 2
534 Imp. Alien 107 7 1
6 I*B 6
11 IS
7 & 4V*
(1/2 4 1
3 V 3 5 1/3
I? 7 I*.
4b 7
8 8
31
1 3
21
5
6
4
7
8
11 Pogcett , 2 13-5
2 5 Chorn ! 7-5 1
3 1 H. Broun 50 250
4 3 R. DOJCgett ! 6 20
5 3 Garner I 6 7-S
610 Pi.'qott 6 12
710 E Jones 50 300
8 Heun<-ssy 50 . 300
Good start. Won handily. Winner, J. Q. Brown A Co.'b eh, c, by Strathmore-Zoo Zoo. Time,
t^^A FoI ' RTH RACE— One and a sixteenth mi!es: selling; three-year-olds and upward', purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. Std. 1/4, i. 3 84 str. | Fin. I Jockeys.
(531'); Ransom, 4 100 4 12 11 13 13 is 1 3 X Jones i
629 j Tenacity. 3 88 2 2h 2 4 24 2 5 2 5 2 1 Garner
480 !l>uiuarven, a 108; 1 3 li, 2 Si, 84 310 310 315 Cor), ran"'
504 HyDy.a 105; 5 5 5 5 6 5 410 Piccott
543 >:r\Valier.a 108! 3 43 45 4101 4 5 45 6 DocK«>tl
j Str. \ Fin.
Jockeys.
! Betting.
Op. *«.
! 3 8-5
6 5 11-10
3 H
10 10
i 8 20
Good -ruri. Won easily. Winner, CF. Sanders' ch. * by
RXX Fll-TH RACE— six furlonw, selling; four-year-olds
000. $400.
Winner, C. F. -Sanders' ch. %.,
up; conditions; allowances; purse
Neilir Hansom.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St.
dcx. Horse, age, weight. St. V* V* 3 -i Str.
; I
365 I May McCarthy, 6. 88 1 ! i lh 13 13
540 r.cKsniff, 5 105| si I 3h 33 22
528 Uncertainty, .. no 3 1 21 2h 3 3
4P9 j Harry Lewis. a... 98! 4 4 3 4 3 4
496 I Anindel. 5 103 8 71 6V 2 6
472 i Chartreuse I. ... 88 5 6 i/ 3 6 1 7
521 < atch'Km, 5 92 6 (i, 5 2 6
459 Fond Hope. 4.... 94 7 8 8 8
607 Monterey. 4 93 •
■;
Fin.
Bcttlnc.
"P- Cl.
1 5 garner 6-5
2 4 Bergen 12
3h Do?K<nt I 4
4 6 H. Brown 10
5 3 Coady 6
6 6 Davisson 15
7 3 E. Jones 2
8 Rowan 30
BeWy 8
4-5
■JO
15
80
9
50
11-5
100
15
Fair start. Won easily. Winner, B. C. Holly's b. m., by Scotlander-Pandes. 1 ime I :3OiA
"I.ef: after running away. "'
'S^fi SIXT « ACE ~ Six furloD 8«: selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; allowances-
Index. Horse, age, weight.
<4
!
y%
B ,i I Btr.
2 U, 2 2
IS 12
34 3 6
7 7
4 1 4
6 5
53 6
Fin.
BettiDc.
Op. CL
540 iMontalvo, 5. 98 1 ; 2 3
539 Realisation, 5 93 4 I 11
588 Borpß.s. 4 93 3 31A
461 ;I.Fiillor:oni.ass,s 88 7 7
522 P.anio. 5 96 5; 6 3
1020 Mam*!], a 93; 6 I 6
627 ; Gold Bur, a. 103 ; 2 4 2
628 !Pc\scador. a 11l left
1 i/fc Cochran 10 20
2 1; 2 K. Jores 7-10 4 5
310 Earner 11-5 9-5
4 3 Hpidy 60 100
5 6 Picfrott 12 12
6 3 Stufflett. HO BO
7 Walker 15 40
Dozgett |8 $
(;of.d star . except Fescador. Won driving. Winner, J. Cochran's b. h., by Sid-May Bell Time
3 :lo&4. At post 28 minutes.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at the Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Inglcside Track.
In races whrre the torses have no record at the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
Abbreviations— F., fast; Fa., fair; 11., heavy; m., mile; f., furlong; », about.
FIRST RACE— Tbrtefurloncrs: !wo->ear old^.
Index. :
Besi
, Lbs record. Dist.
Lbs!
Ik.
Pedigree.
.
54 2 Mary X 107 no rec
lied Panther.... 107 no rec
542 Gordon 110 no rec. ;
542 Herijen 110 no roc. I
(642) Coupon 1121 :37%|3 f
542 Isola 107 no rpc.|.
ITiirbln Btly 107 no rer
Lady Lhii rein od 107 no rec
Aims l/ale 107 no rec
j I I. MrKvoy Lepanto-Beeswing
H. T. Oriffln Tremont-Blne Bell
■• „ KC'orrigan Kil.-yMiss Howard
11(1 H.. Del Monte stable. .. Imp.Martinhurst-My Badge
i A - B. Spreckels linji<yrus-Judge.\!c'Klnsiry
Laurr-hvood farm... Duke Korfoik-Neiisoa
SECOND RACE- One uiilo: sei.lnjt.
Index.'
Name.
B«si
Uv record. | Dist. I
I I
Lbs Tk.
IU SSS&:::::: ig 1:45% .Km. 95 H - F,-.?f» n --::::. : : J saac Mnrphv-Derochment
Caji if H i, ill H.T. Grlffln Loncfellow-Babee
,***' SBa:r::: : t£ iva i : ii :; :: « |.... a . B. Spreclcls . . . . Coloniß Laura D
(536)|Alvarado 85:i:46 1 m 91 |H.. W. B. Sink Jr Amipo SantaMarearetta
550 AH Over ; 69j1:50»4 7f 111 H.. P. Donne Hanover - !
'■ortuna... | 99 1:40 a 7^ f 104 H.. Knclno stable Imp. BrutuvViola Rea
S5O Our Maggie 99:1:391/4 7 f 104 Fa. D. A. Honi X Post m Mar«i%riT?
riS ir, a n ," (1 104 1:181/4 8f 1021 H.: F.M.Taylor Duke Nono k-Carnien
549 iModesto |1O3|1:14 , »6 f 101 Fa. Woodlawn stable... Hyder All-Visaifa
THIRD RACK— One mile; selling: Palo Alto stakes.
Index. ;
Nome.
j Be.-t |
Lbs record. !
Dist.
Lbs Tk.
«aoJoils? SSii : .i>i/hi^ 95 H.. Elmwoodttkfm.. Imp. Brutus-Beauty
( 2..' iV; 9b'1:15i4i6 1 99 1 F.. . K. Corrlpan Apache- VirMe
«n I^ p ?f r -V 101 1:49 ill-16m 109JH.. P. Dunne .... Himloo^Francesca
550 iHiehland 101 1:16%!6 t 108 H.. B. Schreiber...... col Hepburn^Edna
Ml £& n? 1 : \^\f'\ m ?15 F - A " X s PreekeU.. noo"rCcornen'
rSoiVrahr illo n HSa !? mKn g 6^- A - H - Spreckels.. Fellowcharm-Jenießelshaw
<J o *>l C * br "J o - 101 j 1:43 1/ 4 Imso * It It R. Van Brunt.... St. Savlor-lmn. L. Hamilton
(514) Wheel Fortune.l 96 1 :40 1/4 i Im7o y 8(J F. J. Harvey Gano-THiinlon Andenn
FOIKTH RACE— Ont- and a sixteonth mllps; hurdln: handicap.
Index. !
I | Best I
I Lbs j record . !
Lbs Tk.
; Dist.
362 ix^e Forks"" IMS s-22^ li'& m I*4 f^ E"l* on 9table Apache-lrene
(S*6l Mortal vo" 135 --- VSsm I<4 * " *-* alrar - Spokane-Trifle
( jSS' !''"', v 0 iJS J. CoHiraii Sid-May Belle
V,t l-nccr« m* • -ISO t' ' > i" 1 """ 1 * K K mont-Top o' tho Morning
•*»! .\l«'^]S l.iU 3.J7 "I^m I.SO F.. (harden Cltv at&hlc \r<-irle-U > i-f«iu
525 ••"•• ,IJU, *-" ; .... ?^' *,* e^- 5 Kutherfora-Josie C
525 b.Ucrado ljp [.... t,. Corrlgan Rutherfora-Josie C
FIHII KACK— Seven furloncs; s<-ilinE.
Index.
.Name.
Best I ;
Lbs record. Dlst. |Lbs Tk.
Pedlsree.
11l X^::::::! %\\3Bb\l% iSi ss &si g*B£ S»^
45*1 shlWd Brarer 101 1 01% Bf ,96 F. If S€i i n n w", T.'pJ m« ?•„,'
(522) «bl<-ld Bearer 101 1:013,4 ft f 95 F.. F. Phillip" to Z^rvln?,
(554 Hansom j 98 l:BB^|7Vi f 103 H.. C F. Sandera"""" A^e'rine Noll^ ££££?**
(495) Ked Glen 101 1:38% 7 i 98 H.. Cambridge "able" Gle'nFlm RJd < • w M
(649) Braw Scot j 103 1 :18V 4 « f 107 H.. B. Schreiber. . . Imp MWlMhl.n Helm «
W bam Leake 98 1:01% 6f 110;F..!Bu ra B«fe\Vaterho U Be l2p."D«rebl^2mlu
and 9to 10. Artist at 3}4 and Fred Gard
ner at sixes received wonderful support.
Artist acted mean at the post, delaying the
start for some time. They were finally
sent away to a fair start. Swinging into
the backstretch, Piggott sent Fred Gardner
out and he spread-eagled his field, winning
by ten lengths from Ike L. The favorite
finished in the show.
Another very warm favorite met with
defeat in the third event, a six-furlong
run. Ferris Hartnian carried a world of
coin on his chances at (i to 5, and after
leading until a sixteenth from the wire
was beaten nut rather handily by Hazard,
the well-backed second choice. Trappeau,
a 100 to 1 chance, finished an ordinary
third.
Ed Corrigan's grandly bred youngster
Tenacity was just as warm a choice for the
mile and a sixteenth as were her two pre
decessors. The bookmakers laid 11 to 10
atainst her and considered it a bet of uen
erosity. Ransom was a stationary Bto 5
second choice. Hy Dy, Dungarven and
Sir Walker were the only other starters.
The second choice Ransom was in front
from the jump, and, never headed, won
easily from the favorite by three lengths.
Dungarven was a good third.
From 7 to 5, the odds against B. C.
Holly's May McCarthy were soon forced
down to 9 to 10 for the" fifth race, and the
mare won by herself. Drawing away from
Uncertainty after a quarter had been cov
ered, she won galloping from Pecksniff,
a2O to I chance, by four lengths. Catcti
Em, the strongly backed second chance,
was away none too well, but showed no
speed whatever. The six furlongs was
covered in 1:20 W.
The California stable's good mud-run
ner Realization, who started in the last
event on the card, also a six-iurlong sprint,
was looked upon as one of the cinches of
the day and was heavily played at 7 to 10
and 4to 5. Boreas, with 2to 1 about him,
was the one expected to give the favorke
a race. One-eyed Pescador caused con
siderable of a delay at the post. When the
tlaß finally sent them away the favorite,
away second, raced out in front with the
20 to 1 shot Montalvo at his heels. Less
than a furlong from home the outsider had
the favorite in trouble, and gradually
forging ahead, beat him out very cleverly
Dy half a length. Boreas was a good third.
Track and Paddock Items.
The rich Palo Alto stakes, over a mile,
with a great field of starters, will be the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
special attraction of the card at Ingleside
to-day.
At \he conclusion of the races yesterday
an announcement was made in the betting
ring requesting radegoers to return in
town by the steam cars, the electric road
on account of the heavy storm being an
uncertain quantity. Secretary Leake
stated last evening that he had assurances
from the Market-street Railroad Company
that a larjje force of men would be at once
put to work and that to-day the transport
ation facilities would be in perfect work
ing oracr. No washouts occurred as re
ported, but in places the sand washed
over the track, impairing travel.
Fred Gardner, the winner of the second
race, who runs in the name of P. M. Tay
lor, was bid up $200 over his entered sell
ing price of $300 by Chariey Quinn. His
owner retained him.
Pescador was on his bad behavior and
was left at the post. Sam Doggett had the
mount on him.
K. Doggett was seen up for the first time
at the meeting astride Walter J. He tried
to get a running start with the colt, but
the field did not wait for him and he got
considerably the worst of the breakaway.
Some months ago Tigress, owned by
Walter Hobart, won a selling race at the
Bay District track and received a pood
substantial "boost" from B. C. Holly.
Yesterday May McCarthy, owned by Mr.
Holly, won a Belling event entered to be
sold for $400. H. H. Hunn, trainer for Mr.
Hobart, bid the mare up to $1000, at which
ligure her owner let her go, and she will
hereafter sport the young millionaire turf
man's crimson and gold colors.
Montalvo's win yesterday was such
a startling reversal of form over his
performance on Wednesday that at the
conclusion of the races the stew
ards, after an investigation, decided
to accept no more entries from his
owner, J. Cochran. The case will receive
a most thorough investigation and if other
parties were interested in the horse's pe
culiar performances they, too, will come
in for a ruling as well as Jockey Earl
Cochran, who has ridden Montaivo in bia
different races. The horse was backed
down several points after reaching 20 to 1
yesterday. Wednesday at 2^ to Ihe was
a drug on the market.
Catch Em, the heavily backed second
choice for the fifth race, ran a wretchedly
bad race. He was away from the post
none too well, whicn possibly accounted for
his poor showing. At that he is a horse
with a fine turn of speed and is generally
sent at the front some part of the journey.
Monterey, who started in the fifth race,
was overburdened with speed yesterday.
While the horses were «ailopin« to the
post he broke away in front of the grand
stand and circled the track before little
Reidy could pull him up.
Mantell is a very handy horse in slushy
goinsr and why his stable put up a boy of
fetufflet's caliber when he was in at such a
favorable weight is a mystery. The rins
'aid all sorts of prices against him. Early
in the day it was rumored that in event of
the horses winning Leo Mayer intended
bidding him up.
CHINESE LETTER-THIEVES.
Mail From Postoffice Boxes
Stolen by a Gang of Young
Mongolians.
Bold and Smooth Work by Which
Sam Yick and His Associates
Pilfered About $2000.
Four young Chinese, if not more,
have been operating together for sev
eral weeks past in a systematic scheme
of Postoffice thievery. They have man
aged to pilfer the mail of quite a number
of local Chinese firms from their boxes in
the Postolfice and so far as can be ascer-
taineri liave got away with an aggregate
sum approximating $iOOO by their mis
appropriation of the checks and money
orders inclosed in the letters of their vic
tims.
A few days ago the Postal Inspectors re
ceived information pointing to the bold
but smooth work of the thieves. It bad
been thought all along that the letters
were being stolen by some one of the Post
oitice attaches, but an investigation soon
proved that such was not the case. Soon
after learning of this scheme of looting
and the character of the offenders a Chi
nese namefl Hue Tin Foo was arrested as
beiner one of the gang. He was allowed by
the Inspectors to go at large, however, on
a sort of parole, upon his promise to co
operate with the Federal authorities in
bringing his accomplices to justice.
The particular man the officers were
after is one Sam Yick, the downtown rep
resentative of Man Lee & Co., a Dupont
street concern. Hue Tin Foo was em
ployed by the firm of Man Yick <t Co.,
whose butcher-store is altso on Dupont
street. Another member of the can;: very
much wanted is given the name of Fong
Huey. Sam Yick was the leader of the
eang.
As Sam Yick had arranged to leave for
China on the steamer l J eru to-day Messrs.
Munro and Thrall, the Postal Inspectors,
were indulging the hope of being able to
catch him as soon as he attempted to
board the steamer. But the wholesale
larceny of the Postoffice boxes had become
the talk of Chinatown by yesterday morn
ing, and the efforts of the authorities to
keep their plans secret until Sam Yick's
arrest were defeated by the publicity given
to the matter by the gossiping Chinese.
Sam Yick and his companions in crime
are all now in hiding in Chinatown and
their concealment may battle the officers
for a time.
The tirms who have suffered the most
are Fong Hai & Co., Chong Wing Nan
Kre and Chow Ying Lung. Fong Hai &
Co. say they have been robbed of at least
$800, and perhaps more. They were the
lirst to learn that they were loosing valua
ble MUts— at any rate, letters containing
money which should have come did not
come. The first indication of this was
about three week 3 ago when they noticed
that some of their mail had evidently been
extracted from their box — how, they wt-re
at a loss to explain, so mysterious was the
disappearance of the letters which they
should have received from their country
customers.
One of the pilferers themselves gave the
sclieme away. He boasted to a friend that
he had succeeded in taking letters from a
mail box and found the act a profitable
one. There are two theories in explana
tion of their methods— one that they had
obtained keys fitting the boxes of "their
victims; another that, having the keys of
the tirms by which they were employed,
the thieves would open* their boxes and
then reach around to the rear of the other
bf>xes nnd take whatever mail was obtain
able. Subsequently they would open the
letters and cash the checks and money
orders, forging the names of the payees.
Man Lee & Co. have a box in the Postoffice.
A Bank of California check was thus
cashed, and a Montgomery-street money
broker cashed a check for $500. At one
store a $25 suit of clothes was purchased, a
check for $100 beim: received by the store
in payment and the Mongolian customer
getting $7o back in good money. In Sam
Yick's particular case a coni plaint was
drawn up against him by Assistant United
States District Attorneyßert Schlessinger,
charging Mm with forging the name of a
Chinese firm, as payee, to a Postotfice
money order.
It may have been that Hue Tin Foo,
whom the inspectors were using to effect
the capture of th«* entire gang, played
false, and took advantage of is is oppor
tunity to apprise his confederates. He is
stfll under surveillance.
Snm Yick is very well known around the
Custom-house ;-.nd in business circles. He
speaks very eood English, having been
educated in the public schools of this City.
The others were also fairly well educated
and had the appearance of nice young na
tives. Lately they have been spending
money pretty freely.
RIPPEY'S WIDOW BITTER.
Sorry Her Late Husband Did
Not "Finish" the Mil
lionaire.
FUNERAL OF THE RUINED MAN.
John Rix, an Old-Time Friend, Made
the Funeral Address— Did Not
Like Ministers.
The remains of W. C. Rippey were laid
to rest in Cypress Lawn Cemetery yester
day. .
The clouds lowered upon a shivering
handful of people, who looked with
solemn faces upon the coffin as it was
placed in the new-made grave. If Wesley
Rippey ever gave a thought in his palmy
days to his prospective obsequies it was of
a scene far more imposing. "My lite has
been a huge joke," "he was wont to say in
his latter days, and if his spirit took cog
nizance of the pitiable spectacle yesterday
it may nave regarded it as the finale of
that poor joke.
Many viewed the remains as they lay in
the undertaking parlors of H. C. Porter &
Co., at 122 Eddy street, on Tnursday and
Friday mornings. Many who came were
strangers, who were moved by curiosity.
A few were old-time friends.
"There were ahout fifty persons in the un
dertaker's parlors when John Rix, the
teacher and lecturer, who had known the
dead man for many years, spoke a few tit
ting words of farewell. He spoke of the
good qualities of the d parted and de
plored the fact that he who bad been gen
erous in his prosperity should die in pov
erty. The choice of" a speaker and mode
of service was made by the widow in ac
cordance with the views of the dead man,
who, although he is said to have esteemed
Christianity, had a deep-rooted aversion to
men of the cloth.
Mrs. Bessie Rippey, the widow, Mr. and
Mrs. Thomas O'Connor, her daughter and
son-in-law, and her friend, Mrs. Emma
Teal, and Mrs. Fish, Mr. Rippey's niece,
and her husband witnessed the interment.
The funeral expenses were paid by the
widow, who, although there was no
divorce, has been separated from Rippev
for nearly fifteen years.
"I seemed to be the only iriend who was
willing to do that last ofllce for the dead,"
said Mrs. Rippey. She is a small woman
of perhaps to years of age, whose conver
sation betokens an unusual decree of re
finement. She spoke kindly of the unfor
tunate man.
"We have always been friends, notwith
standing our separation," she said. "He
called on us Friday and seemed in good
health and spirits. He said if all went
well he would go to the mines in South
Africa in the spring. He said at that time
that his life was a huge joke, and he be
lieved he had got no more than he
deserved.
"I want to correct the impression that !
Mr. Rippey died in want. His room on
Natoma street was clean and comfortable.
His landlady's last act for him was to take !
him a cup of >varm milk a few hours before |
his death. He bad friends on Bush street
who would provide him with meals at any
time, and his room rent was paid and his
clothing provided by friends. He was an
object of charity, in a sense. Yes; but he
din not lack the necessaries of life on that
account.
"Mr. Rippey and I were married in
Denver in 1876. He was then well-to do.
Two years later we moved to San Fran
cisco, when our troubles began through
his joining the S:ock Board. Stock-gam
bling became a mania with him. He at
tributed his losses to the fact that wrong
inside information was given him by
Markay's broker.
"I believe lie had a just grievance against
the millionaire, and, with many qi his
friends, my only regret is that be did not
finish him. If he had killed Mackay the
verdict would have been different. But
the rich man's influence and power
counted. Mr. Rippey has never expressed
regret for what he did. He said he had
tried repeatedly to gain an audience with
Mackay, hoping he would make some
restitution for his losses. He was stiing to
the quick when he ignored his greeting
when he met him on the street, and his
rage found expression in the shot, which
unfortunately did not prove fatal.
"Mr. Rippey and I separated because of
his stock-gambling craze. I lived in Den
ver nine years after our separation, anil
the past five years have been living at
Seattle. I supported myself and daugh
ter, now Mrs. O'Connor, by dressmaking
and keeping a rooming-hou«e. I moved
here in Octoner with Mr. and Mrs. O'Con
nor, and shall probably stay. Mr. Rippey
has two sons in Cincinnati, but Ido not
know their address.
"All our unhappinesa was caused by
stocks. Mr. Rippey said this himself only
a short time ago. 'Bessie,' he said, 'all
my trouble has come through stocks. 1
lost you and my money on account of
them.' "
Mrs. Eippey was a Mrs. Vennum before
her second marriage. Her maiden name
was Risley. Her only child was a Miss
Vennum. They live at 1003 Powell street.
THE MENTAL EVOLUTION
Professor Jordan Says the Mind
Is Composed of Contradic
tory Things.
The Art of Living Merely the Art of
Holding Oneself To
gether.
Notwithstanding the rain ana the wind
a fairly large audience last evening heard
the lecture by President David Starr Jor- I
| dan of Stanford University on "The j
j Evolution of the Mind."
The lecture was delivered at Golden Gate
Hall under the auspices of the California
Psychical Society.
The lecturer introduced his subject say- j
i ing he did not class himself among
psychologists, as they for the past twenty
years had been endeavorine to prove what •,
;is not known. He confined himself to •
; what was already known and to the evolu- ,
tion of the function of the mind rather
than to the evolution of the mind itself.
"In the first place," said he, "we have
: to beein with certain things that seem to
be in the definition of life. Whatever life {
: may be, there is always a certain degree of
irritability. This irritability is of differ- i
i ent degrees, and this phenomena of irrita
bility responds to outside stimuli.
"Also we have a phenomena of varia
tion. There are contrivances which pre
. vent offspring from being precisely like
the parents. we have the motive
force of evolution— the tendency to change.
"I shall make the definition of mind a
very broad one, and by psychic phenoin- !
ena in this sense I shall include the ncr- j
i vous system and also those phenomena j
that come before the nerves do. I speak !
\ of the nervous phenomena coming before
the nervous system, and when we* say the
function precedes the system we find goodly
: illustration in that man scratched the ;
! ground before the plow was ever con- :
\ structed.
1 The single cell of protoplasm is as
complicated as the constitution of the
United States.
"When we come to know and have the
ability to understand the mechanism of
the simple flower, then we might know
all, but until then we can know little of
anything."
Again the professor said: "The accumu
lated knowledge of the race, sifted by the
commonsense of the race, is the foiinria
dation of science.
"AH knowledge has for its ultimate ob
ject power and conduct. All iorms are
calculated fordoing something.
"Knowledge laid up without being
turned into action is a burden. It spoils
on our hands. The type, therefore, of the
reflex action is also the type of all intellec
tual action. Conscious and unconscious
action merges. I regard the mind as the
sum total of all the various phenomena
action.
"Consciousness is not an entity; it is a
phenomena on a brain structure.
"The ego is an extremely contradictory
thing and is the art of living, is the art of
holding oneself together, notwithstanding
these contradictions."
FROM A CITY PITFALL.
How Lawyer Daly Got His Coun
try Client Out of a
Hole.
John Conlon of Smartsville.Yuba County,
literally got into a bale during the storm
Tnursday night, and his rescue was one
of those enjoyable incidents seen once in
years, or perhaps in a lifetime.
Conlon, just in from the country, was
laughing at an umbrella turned in the
wind at Market and Montgomery streets
when his hat parted company with him
and made a black speck up at the tenth
story of the Crocker building. From the
umbrella his attention turned to the hat,
which presently swooped downward like a
falling rocket-stick down into an area of
the Crocker building twelve feet below the
sidewalk.
As Conlon saw his hat fall he impulsively
scrambled over the railing, and lowering
himself by his hands dropped to the bot
tom.
The hat was there in the wet und dark
ness—a little battered, but stiil in the
arena, so to speak, and Conlon put it once
more upon the top of himself. It was
much easier getting'into that hole and re
covering the hat than returning to a
level with all tilings mortal— just twelve
feet higher up in the world.
Daly wished his client good cheer and all
manner of pleasant things in approved
legal style, but Conlon only prayed to be
taken out of the hole. And the rain came
down in torrents on the good and bad
alike— even upon the man situated like
Mr. McGinty.
Lawyer Daly took off his heavy ulster
and forthwith proceeded to haul Conlon
to the earth above. "Hoist away !" came
from below, and willing hands overhead
began to pull on the coat. Presently there
came a erash — Conlon had fallen back
ward, with the two sleeves of the attor
ney's coat in his grasp. By this time a
large crowd had gathered around the area
railing.
"Is that you, McGinty?" some one
asked.
'•I'm in a hole," came back in ventril
oquist tones. And then the crowd got a
rope from the Palace Hotel, and, with a
pull altogether, hoisted the visitor from
the depths.
Dr. Paul Gibler, who is at the h«ad of the
Pasteur Instil ute in New York, contem
plates forming an invalids' community near
Tuxedo Park, which will embody some of
his advanced ideas of sociology, as well as
in experimental and preventive medicine.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BtTSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cai.l^-
TlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nigli: Id the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-630 Montgomery itrtet,
eornpr Cl»y; open until 9:30 o'clock.
833 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larklo street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, »p«a
•nttl 8 •'clock.
S5lB Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth stre«t, open until 9:30 o'clock.
» CHUKCH NOTICES.
I UNIONSQUAKK FREE BAPTIST
, «>-*' Church (open communion), 1227 Bush
street, near Larkiu— Bev, William N. Meserve.
pastor. The pastor will preach Sunday morning,
January 19: subject, "Shipwreck of Faith." Rev.
! Isaac Belknap, associate, will preach in the even-
' ing. The church is enjoying an unusual de-
gree of prosperity, which is full of promise
for the future. Sunday-school at 12:30. Juniois
at 6 o'clock and Y. 1". S. C. E. at 6:30. Daily
prayer-meeting at 2 o'clock, open to all. Midweek
meeting Wednesday even ng. The canv»ss from
hous° to house continues, conducted by Rev. Mr.
: and Mrs. lielknap.
i Cf-^jg= howard-st. Methodist episco-
t»-»^ pal Church, bet. Second and Third sts., two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Key. W. W. Case, I). I).,
pastor: Martin Schultz, musical director; W. F.
1 Gibson, Sunaay-school superintendent. Hours of
publlcservice.il a.m. and 7:30 p. m.; Siimiay-
schoM at 12:30: prayer-nice ins Wednesday even-
I ing; Kpwonh League, 6:30 Sunday evening. Morn-
Ing subject, "Truth From '1 hree Defferent Angles
of Vision, or The Jew, the < rrok and the Clirts-
; tian." Evening subject. "Religious Controversy-
Wise and otherwise." Prelude, "Law and Law.
; le«sness in San Francisco; Who Is Responsible for
i It?" Pastor's residence, 212 Powell st.; tele-
I phone. black 1 131 : church telephone, black 961.
*£» SIMPSON MEMOItIAL METHODIST
*-»' Episcopal Chur h, cor. Hayes and Bu-
j chanan s ■. — ltev. John Stephens, ' pastor: resi-
dence, 309 Halght st. Preaching at 11 a. K. and
i 7:30 p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
: Subject at 11 a. M., "The Foundations of Our
Faith'": at 7:30 p. M.. "The History of a Man That,
Didn't Care." Sunday-seluol at 12:30 p. m.. by C.
B. Perkins, superin.endent. Epworth League
service at 6:30 p. m. The public cordially in-
vited to all the services of this church. Seats" free.
Ushers in attendance. Prayer-meeting Wednes-
day evening at 7:46 o'clock.
ft^S* FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH.
t*-*' cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento St.—
Rev. Robert Mackenzie, D.U., pastor: Rev. Edwin
H. Jenks. co-pastor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at
11 a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday - school at 12:45 p. m. Young
: People's Society of Christian Endeavor at
: 6:15 p. if. Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at
7:45 o'clock. All are welcome to these services.
NOTICJC OF SLKKTIMCiS.
IX^3s= EXCELSIOR DEGREE" ~ ~Z^m^T~
I Of-e r Lodge No. a, 1.0. O. F. — Kegu- Sj&SW&j.
1 lar meeting THIS EVENING. First ig&OC*^
' degree will be conferred. '^P'/lW^*'
: WILLIAM E. LANE, D. M.
ljt^= DUTCH MINING AND MILLING COM-
(*»*' pany— The regular annual meeting of the
stockholders of the DUTCH WINING AND ILL-
ING COMPANY will be held at the office of the
company, rooms Nos. 67 and 68, Stevenson build-
Ing, southwest corner California 'and Montgomery
streets. San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the
a Ist day of January, 1896, at 2 o'clock p. m., for
the purpose of electing a board of nirectors to serve
lor i he ensuing year, and for the transaction of
such other business as may be brought before the
meeting.
San Francisco, January 11. 18P6.
G. TEN BACH, President.
M. CLAt-SKKVii-8, Secretary.
If^s=" PRESIDIO AND FERRIES R. R. CO—
l*^*^ The regular annual meeting of the stock-
| holders of the Presidio and Ferries Railroad Com-
j pany will he held at the office of the company, 1111
Union street, corner Sharp's nlacp, San Francisco,
Cal., on Friday, the twenty-fourth (24th) day of
January, 1896, at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for
; the purpose of electing seven directors to serve
; during the ensuing year, and the transaction of
1 such other business as may properly come before
the meeting. Transfer books will close on Tuesday,
January 14, at 2 o'clock p. m.
JOHN U. LEIGHTON, Secretary,
office— llll Union si., corner Sharp's nlace, San
Francisco, cal.
tt^jS=» ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
, 6**-*^ annual meeting of stockholders of the
Oceanic Steamship Company will be held at the
, office of the company, 327 Market street, San
; Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 2lnt day of
I January, 1896, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for
I the purpose of electing a board of directors to
serve for the ensuing year and the transaction of
such- other business as may come betore the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on Friday, Jan-
-1 vary 10, at 3 o'clock p. v.
| K. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Bt^^^TT?E~7i~RTHA~NS a"n~D HALF?
«»-^ orphans that were received into Bt. Francis
Girls' Directory Orphan Asylum since the last pub-
! lication are as follows: Orphans— Amly Subaner
! aged 10 yrs.: Agnes Ash, 2 yrs.: Nellie Dixon, 5
■ yr .; Margaret Buahnell, 12 yr.*.; Agnes Terry, 1
: yr.; Mary Ambrose, 10 days; Rosie Morris, 10 vrs
; Half-orphans— Maggie Sanchez, 9 yrs.: Susie San-
| chez, 8 yrs.; Lillian Leakey, 6 yrs. : Meta Reeb, 2
1 yrs.; Jennie Reeb, 9 yrs.; Roy Nevis, 5 yrs.: Nel-
lie Nevis, 7 yrs.; Mary Llston. 9 yrs.; Carrie
Myers, 10 yrs.; Elsie Eisner, 2 yrs.; Margaret
i Eisner. 6 mos.: Annie Miller, 2 yrs.; Josephine
; Miller. 1 yr.; Mary Pancratic, 1 yr. ; Mary Snow-
enburg. 9yrs.; Vera Marks, 4 yrs. ; Agnes Muse
: 11 yrs.; Nellie Lenard, 11 yrs.: Vergil Lenard. id
yrs. : Henry Lenard. 3 yr*.; Joseph Haley, 8-yrs •
; Thomas Haley, 2 yrs.: Lucretia Lenard, 6 vrs '•'
■ Walter Lenard. 7 yrs.: William white, 2 wks"-
-; Peter Haley, 6 yrs. ; Mary Jackson, 1 yr. ■ Louise
' Dlgner, 6 yrs.: Joseph Catchman, 4 yrs • Laura
Catchman, 9 yrs. ; Agnes Catchman, s' yrs. ■ Irene
CatchmaD, 7 yrs.; Agnes Lefevere, 9 yrs.; Gasnna
i Montonla, 2 yrs.: Johnny Rice. 7 .vrs.- George
i Snowenberg/ 7 yrs. ; Joseph Snowenberg 8 yrs
i Abandoned children— Lizzie Donlon, 3 yra.- Mary
1 Donlou, 9 its. J ' ***'"*
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
C^^^CORNS REMOVED WITHOUT KNIFE.
G*^ Chiropodlc Institute, room 11, SOB Market.^
Strap MRS. - WALLACE, 109 POWELL .-, ST.,
f*~& room 23 ; genuine magnetic treatment.
Strip' MISS . FRANCES BERNHARD 17a
i'*^- 37 Sixth, room I—Genuine1 — Genuine massage treatment.
jjFrT=s= BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4.
a^£r collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 415 Montgy si., room 6. Tel. 5580.
ijjrrjp MRS. ROBB. 1035 MARKET ST., ROOM
f£^£r 8, second tioor; genuine massage treatment.
strs=" CORNS. INGROWING nails, success^
Ufii»' fully treated. DR. I.LO YD, Lur) me Baths.
Kr^» WINDOWS CLEANED AND FLOORS
B-~^ scrubbed; reasonable rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
s*^3*= ROOMS WHITENED, $1 UP: PAPER-
»m-~&r ed $3 50 no. SI7V2 Third. <ieors» Hartmati.
B!t^=* ABANDONED CHILDREN ADMITTED
'&-*? Into St. Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum
from July 1. 1894, until December 81, 1895: Wil-
liam Flnsterbusch 5 years, James Doras 4 years,
Grace Doran 2 years. Johannah Moesch 4 years.
Ed Burke 6 years, Bessie Finsterbusch 3 years,
George Lombard 4 years.
SITUATIONS WANTED- IEMALE.
POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY CONSCI-
X entious, economical young woman in a widow-
er's family where there are children: speaks Ger-
man and English; reference given and require).
Address s. s , box 31, Cal Office.
WANTED — POSITION AS WORKING
»' housekeeper fir widower, with or without
children; comfortable home »nd small wages con-
sideration. Hope, box 31, Call Oflice
"yOUNGT^VOMAN WISHESTO DO SECOND
X work or chambenvork ; hotel or private family;
good reference. Address 221 Birch aye.
LADY WISHES A POSITION IN A BAKERY
or candy or cigar store, or any place of trust.
Call at 1212 Mission st.
"yOUNG WOMAN WIsHES POSITIdN TO DO
X cooking and housework; sleep home preferred.
Call 937 Eighteenth St., near Castro.
"yOUNG WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
X tynewriter. 87;<Va Market St., room 13, second
floor. S
TSEFINED WIDOW WISHES A POSITION AS
XV housekeeper. Call 1 to 9 P. U., 832 Mission St.,
room 6.
p IR~L WANTS SITUATION TO DO GENERAL
VJ" housework. Call 322i£ Tehama st., bet. Fourth
and Fifth.
LADIES' AND GENTLEMEN'S REPAIRING
Xj neatly and reasonably done. 917 Market St.,
room 21.
pOLORED WOMAN WANTS POSITION TO
\J do general housework. Cult or add. 316 Sutler.
EASTERN La D V DO G E NTS' A ND~LA DIES'
mending and plain sewing. 28Vs Sixth st.
"yOUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper. Call 203 Powell St., room 5.
BY A THOROUGHLY COMPETENT AMERI-
can woman, a place to cook in a private fam-
ily, small hotel or in an officer's family at a mili-
tary post ; no objection to leaving the city or state.
Address, for one week, L. Z-, box 59, Call Office.
REFINED YOUNG LADY WOULD LIKE A
position as tiaveling companion, saleslaly or
cashier. Call or address 24 Han 01 d St., between
Eighteenth and Nineteenth.
"yOUNG WOMAN, WANTS POSITION AS
X night cook in restaurant or wart on table; no
postals. Call 83 Clementina st., upstairs.
"y OUNG WOMAN WANTS PLACE ASHOUSE-
X keeper; city or country. Call 28 Seventh St.,
room 36.
■y OUNG WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
X housekeeper for widower with children; coun-
try preferred. L. H., box 65, this office.
C W EDIBH GIRL WOULD LIKE PLACE TO
O do general housework; good cook; city or coun-
try. Cojk,_box 8, Call Ortic, Oakland.
DANISH WISHES SITUATION AS UP-
stairs girl. Call at 1003 Harrison, near Sixth.
"V'OUNG WOMAN WISHES A SITUATION IN
X small family for housework or chamberwork.
Call 971 Pine St., West Oakland.
EXPERIENCED YOUNG WIDOW DESIRES
XJ good situation as housekeeper. 105 Stockton,
room 22.
lADY WANTS A POSITION AS PIANO-
J player in dancing-school or to assist musician.
Address Pianist, 147 Ninth st.
OUSEKEKPER WISHES POSITION; CITY
or country ; is a good dressmaker. Ca 1 or ad-
dress 137 Seventh st., room 1.
IN( 'HESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
if Market; 200 rooms; 25c to *1 60 per night;
$1 50 to $6 per week: convenient and respectable:
free bus to and from the ferry. .
SITUATIONS WA.n TivL>
Pc. cookTs'sTjcrsljppXT^^cobksTAliL
• branches :short notice. 14 t.eary. ;tel. Grant 46.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPAN-
ese employment office, 17 Webb St.. below
Kearny. bet. California and Sacramento: tel. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V. office; best help. 4141/2 O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
Xi LI a i 1.1: AMERICAN OF MIDDLE AGE,
who has done a large variety of work, wishes
employment not exceeding 6- hours daily, with
board and perhaps additional wages proportional
to amount of work; is an inventor and will use the
rest of daylight in udy and drawing mostly, but
could be called in case of emergency; no liquors or
tobacco: ref renefs. Address F., box 29, this office.
COM PETENT BOOKKEEPER WITH A FEW
\J hours' spare time will keep books for any kind
of business; either day or evening; terms moder-
ate. Address Bookkeeper, box 29. Cull Office.
WANTED— BY BELI ABLE YOUNG MAN,
'• employment. In store or warehouse: sober,
honest and energetic: can give references. Ad-
dress F., box 28. this office.
ITUATION WANTED AS CLERK/ SALES-
O man or driver; 10 years' experience general ex-
perience in this city; references furnished if re-
quired. Address E. G. H., box 86, Call Office.
V l l RBT-CLASS .MEAT COOK, FINE BROILER,
F wants situation; hotel or first-class restaurant
preferred. Address G. T., box 62, Call office.
TH HLY" RELIABLE GERMAN
i. would like position as watchman. Please call
or address 2lBa Turk st.
pOOD WAITER WANTS SITUATION. CALL
VJ or address 26 Hunt st.
■y oung Si an, speaks AND writes exg-
X lish, German, French and Italian, wants pod-
tion in wholesale house or any other pla?e; city or
country; best of references. Address A. STUDEK,
1309 Stockton st.
■y.OUNG MAN DESIRES WORK OF ANY
X kind; wholesale house or warehouse preferred;
would trlve $20 as bonus tor permanent employ-
ment: good reference. Please address J. O. P., box
63, Call Office.
SITU A WANTED BY A GOOD COOK;
German: steady and sober: restaurant or coffee-
house; wiigjs moderate Add. S., box 8, Call.
GAR I) I H WISHES SITUATION; THOR-
oughly understands greenhouse and care of
private place; will do chores. Address 8., box 51,
this office.
■yOUNO MAN, 24, WISHES WORK, RUNNING
X engine, fireman, oiler, or anything: wages bo
object: references. Address R., box 81; this office.
QTEADY MAN (TEAMSTEB) WISHES A
O job in city; any kind of work, light or heavy
Address W. R., box ?9, this office.
y oUvtT UEKJIA.N" CARPENTER. CABINET-
X maker, with tools, wants situation: Is willing
to do any kind of work. Please call or address 120
Valley si., bet. 28th and 29th.
EXPERIENCED WINE CELLARMAN
wishes work; city or country: best of refer-
ence. Address H. J., box 48. this office.
BAKER, FIRST-CLASS ON BREAD AND
cake, wants situation. Address Baker, box
SITUATION WANTED-GOOD GEN KRAI
O blacksmith (married), rood shoer and jobber-
city or country. Address Blacksmith, 110 Sanchez!
THIRST-CLASS COOK (GERMAN), SPEAKING
x good English, wants situation; country pre-
ferred; bakes good bread; references given. Ad-
dress 1301 Santa Clara aye.. A lamed a.
■VI AN AM) WIFE WANT WORK ON A Pill".
IU vate place or ranch; woman good cook; man
understands hones and farming: hnndy round
olfkl^nd^ 9 " ° ' Terences. 973 Washington ii,
C^VKKlffv BEST to any address in th«
ifr.l, Ic. . CALL, sent to any address In the
ase free! or Canada one year for $1 50 Post-
FEMALE HELP WASTED.
2 HH£I! aSaSS 2 OONTBT HOTEL, WO-
rtss W c'i v' '^l • nOr » K^^'Si
pOOK AND DOWNSTAIRS GIRL, CITY REF
\J erences,s2s; 2 German downstairs girls' 525-
Geary's? g ' rlS> Cit> '- &B " HANSKN & CO., 110
SCANDINAVIAN WORKING HOI'SK
*^ V/UlijuEN, 105. o°c0 ° c^ WORK ' *"■ "^S
C°los Sto A ckt on. L£> 26 T ° * 3 °- MISS CULLEN,
fl°PiT S T < T^v X , IV.1 V.i 3IRIj ''* 5 PER WEEK. MISS
XX CULLEN, 105 Stockton.
: Sl?a?on GlfL ' MISS CULLEN. 106
T^.^^ECOND GIRL AND SEAMSTRESS.
7 ;i°.V 20 , housework girls, city and country, $20
• .?i, ?-.? : 6 vou nX girls 10 assist, $10 to 15. MISS
CULLEN, 105 ."tockton st.
PA N ISH OR FRENCH NURSE TO TRAVEL :
JO_s2o. ■ MISS CULLEN, 106 Stockton st.
"D EFINED AM ERICA GIRL; LIGHT HOUSE-
Xt work; 2ln family ; *15. MISS CULLEN. 105
Stockton st.
W ANTED— 3 WAITRESSES and PARLOR-
' » maids, $25 and $30; Irish second girl, plain
sewing, 420, and a great many girls for all kinds
of work In city and country. J. F. CROsETT &
CO., 312 Sutler st.
TyANTED-2 FRENCH MAIDS, »25: 2GER-
; '» ■ man cooks, $30 and $25 ; 2 French housework
girls, $26 and 820: French nurs.'girl, $12. LEON
AXDBE, 315 Stockion st.
HKLP WAN TKI)-Oontlnn*rt.
ANTE "CHAMBERMAID AND SEA it.
V> fress for private family: $25. Apply MISS.
PLUNK r/TT, 424 cutter st.
iVANTED-3 FIRS.-CLAhS [RTBH SECOND
V> girls for places in the city; each. Apply
PLUNKETT, 4-24 Butter St.
\\r ANTED-KIRST-CLA^S COOK, SWEDISH
V> nreferred, *30: first-class laundress; 3 girls for
housework «nia!l. families, »m 11% ADtoiiiost..
off Jones, near Eliis. ;
o*CONu"<fißl'i f25 ; COOK. $25 i LAU.V-
-0 dress, $25: two housegirls, »^r>; 4 hou.e,'irU,
$•-'O. 315 cutter t.
A E\T YOUNG GIRL F(»R housework
JN and assist with baby: small J i . iiy : good home;
wages $10. Call forenoon. 1317 a Clay at.
YOUNG GIRL TO ASSIST HOUSEWORK.
1 720 Fourteenth St., Castro cable.
0 ii:LI ••'..ii.iENEKAL HOUSEWORK. CALL
VJ between 9 and 12, 1:7. i.' Clay St.. corner Scott.
WrANI'ED-GIRLTO DO GENERAL KOI SB-
IT work. 245 Fourth st.
WANTED-SHREWD BUSINESS WOMAN
>» to associate herself permanently with large
firm. Address Permanent, box 31. Call Office. f ih
yni'M, GIRL TO ASSIST IN HOUSEWORK.
1 3308 ( a Ifornla St.. pear Walnut aye.
XI OST co.NVi- MKNT AND i.l I'ABLE;
IVI Winchester House. 44 Third St.. near Market;
200 rooms: 25q to $1 50 per nigiu : $1 i-0 to 8b per
week : free bus to cad :rom the ferry.
ANTED — DRF.SSMA KERS TO LEA
» » bow to cut regular tailor system : only reliable
system; no mole's, charts or .squares used. COilN7
ladies' Tailor, 316 Sutter st.. city. ;
ALE GOES ON : SEE THE 50 LADIES' JACK-
ets. N. Y. Suit House, 1210 Market st.
AIRDRESSING, 25c AND Hoc: MOUNINf*
and ev'g classes; 10 lcssons.itil 50. 1248 Mission.
T AWRKNCE PATTERN HOUSE— D II K ■s-
cutting school. 1231 Market St., bet. Bth and Otlj.
] \RESS-CUITING TAUGHT, U. S. TAILOH
X/ system. 14 McAllister St., rooms 67 and 68.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD. NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 10 $6 per
week : f»-»e bus to and from the ferry.
DRESSMAKING. CUTTING AND FITTING
at the MoDowell Academy, 213 Powell: pat-
terns cut to order 25c up; pupils wanted.
'ANTED— PUPILS IN MILLINERY: NEW
term commences this mo. Room 51. 121 Post.
MA Lii li IS L. I' XV A.• r JK 1) .
W.* ANTED — BUTTBR -M A K l .' H . jSfJ AS f>
»» found; 2 cabinet-makers for country, 9~i 60 a
day: American miner, *2 50 day; cari enters and
machine blacksmith for Central America; Swiss
farmer, tie-makers, butler and others Apply to J.
F. CROSETT t CO., b2» Sacramento st.
"1 A WOOD-CH OPJt»K $1 CORD; 6 MINERS
1" and foreman miner: 4 coopers, 2 cooks, 'A
waiters, etc. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st.
: \y ANTED — COOK AND WIFE FOR A
«» ranch, good, steady job, $35 per month; a!so
farmers, milkers, cook, plain, boaidlne-house, $30,
and others, W. D. EWER ft ( < >.. 626 Clay su
COOPERS, CITY. C. R. HANSEN A CO.,
110 Geary st.
PASTRY-COOK AND BAKER, FIRST-CLASS
hotel. C. R. ha.nsen & CO., 110 Geary st.
A y~K N 1) W I FK, MINING CAMP, f 50 ; SEE
party at MM E. LEOPOLDS, 20 Stockton.
pOO PE~R!S ARE REQUESTED TO STAY
VJ away from the Pacific Woodenware and Coot
age Company on account of strike, By order
Journeymen -Coopers' Union.
rpAILORS— ADVERTISER WITH FIRST^
X class bu-iness has an opening for young m.m
to learn cutting, li tin? and the general routine of
merchant tailoring: small premium required;
[ good references given and required. Apply A.
! GEE, Merchant Tailor, Placerville.
ARRER— SATURDAY NIGHT, A T CORNER
Twenty-ninth and Mission sts.
BARBER, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY. 402
Brannan st.
DXiIBER FOR AFTERNOON ANT) SUNDAY.
X 3 211/ a Ninth st. Call after 9 o'clock.
WANTED— BABBSB TO-DAY AT 602 CLAY
street.
MART. EXPERIENCED WAITER. MAN-
O ning House, Oakland.
QOLICITOR FOR A BUSINESS WITH 810
0 pronts. Afldreaa S. \y.. box 6, Call Office.
EX l' K . . I E > c KD BOY ON GORDON PRESSES^
709 Sansome St., bet. 11 and 12 o'clock.
GENERAL TAILOR COUNTRY. BEIBS
\X BROS., 26 Sutter st.
A \ * ANTED-BRICKLAYER OR MAN TO FIX
' ' range. Call at once, 227 Geary st., restaurant.
PARTNER WANTED IN A CASH BUSINESS-
X clears $75 a month. 335V 2 Fourth st.
pOOPERS WANTEu A I' PACIF... .><>■; i...>"
\J ware and Cooperate Company, Sixth and Chan
nel sts.
V I ; WABDO HOU.-iK, 76a .Mlw,n.v. lir.j.
-li Third and Fourth— Single furnished rooms per
day Isc up; per week $1 up; open all night.
GOOD BARBER-SHOP FOR SLALK. APPLY"
1301 Castro st., corner Twenty-fourth.
BEST MEAL ON EARTH: WELL COOKED; 8
courses, luc, at -rattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
SHOEMAKER OR BARBER TO RENT 2
0 rooms suitable for suop. SE. cor. Ellis and
FUlmore sts.
1 f\i\ MEN TO GET A SHAVE FOR 5 CENTS;
l\J\J clean towel to each; bay rum free: haircut
10c; first-class workmen. 14y 2 Montgomery aye.
WANTED— 6OO* MEN TO EAT 3 BIG HOT
¥t cakes, with coffee, for sc. 11 Dm in in st.
BEEFSTEAK AND ONIONS. COFFEE, BIS-
X) cnil, potatoes, etc., sc. 635 Clay.
LEARN A TRADE— LADIES AND GENTLE-
men students wanted: only 8 weeks required-
tools given; write lor catalogue. San Francisco
Barber College, 1515 Howard st.
MEN AND BOYS Tcf CANVASS; ENTIRELY
new article, fast seller: nrofits immense: city
or country. For particulars call or address 632
Market St.. room 10: P. O. box 2299.
BARBER-SHOP; BEST LOCATION IN CITY
sickness cause sale. Apply this offiice.
t> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY
-l-» secretary, P. C. Hamann, 23Si 2 O'Farrell at.
THE RAILROAD HOUSE. COMMERCIAL
X St., below Montgomery— Single rooms 15c night,
25c for two; best and cleanest house in town.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.-SINGLE
furnished rooms. 20c; SI per week.
\TEW GRAND, 246 THIRD; 200 SUNNY
-»-' rooms from $1 to $4 week: large reading-room.
tpOR THE BEST AND CLEANEWIOo
X try 131-3 Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty.
BEST PLA'E IN CITY FOR SECOND-HAND
shoes, 726 1 . opp. Howar.l-st. Theater, or 129
SUth St.; misfit shoes bought and exenanged.
EN TO SELL MANHATTAN EUu J-OOD;
Is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
MEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
■" »PC up; men's half soles, 40c. 959 Howard su
\\r HAT CHEER HOUSE. 623 SACRAMENTO
'» St.: 200 rooms; best in the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night. $1 ■ week: meals 10c.
Air INCHES! HOUSE, 44 rHIBD ST.. NEAR
* ' Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading,
room: free bus to and from the ferry.
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SKC-
retarv Barbers' A sso., 325 Grantave. a FUCHS.
\Y ANTED— MEN WHO DO NOT RECStVR
• » their wages to place accounts with us: law m 1
commercial collection: nocharee unless successful.
KNQX COLLECTION AGENCY 110 Sutter. r. 1.
liinME.N To T.vKE lA.ni..i.>7. .v. .... . ..,c
-i-V'V/ and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny.
TXT ANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
*» steam beer. sc; bottle wine. sc. 600 Clay st.
\.| EN'S J^-soLING 50c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
i*X while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
I-IN»ELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD—
i single fLrnish»?d rooms: 75c week, IS night.
I ARBERs' PROTECT IVK'T EMPLOY-
■»-> ment secretary. INBADTBOKLL. 657Cla>.
TAT ANTED-LAEORERS AND * MECHANICS
'* to know that Ed Rolkiu, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House. 217 Third St.: 15J
large rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
LiRKE BEE — WO « BCHOONERS Ft 6c;
F also a bottl tof lager, sc, at 637 Clay st.
I"*REE COFFEE AND KOLLS. 704 SANSOME;
J ■Ingle rooms 15c, 20c a ntfcht, $1 a week.
A I W\MKN'SsKCOND-HANDfc.OSHOKS.SO-ME
"iUU nearly new. 25c to Vi 25. 569 Mission st.
EST IN CIT f— SINGLE ROOMS, 16. 20 AND
25 cents per nlg!>:; £1. $1 25, $1 BO p«r wee*.
Pcclfic House .Commercial «.nd LeidesdoriT sts.
WANTED— SINGLE BOOMS, 16c A DAY; 81
week; rooms for two, "_'sc a day, $1 50 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
fpRY ACME HOUSE. 067 MARKET l". BE-
J- low sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
JUST OUT: NEW MACHINE FOR lIKPAIrI
ing shoes: call and see; half-soled in 15 min-
utes, done while you wait; all repairing done by
machinery: all repairing M ball price: work roar-
nnteefl. 562 Mission it., bet. First and Second.
AGENT ' WANTED. ~
T ivE AGENTS WANTED. APPLY ROOM 13,
Jj between 1 and 3, Hancock House, 781 Mission.
pA LI NI A MUTUAL BENEFIT SOCIETY*
\J wants cood agents to work Its accident ami
sick insurance; liberal inducements offered. J
W. HANNA Secretary. Murphy building.
BO OUS WAXTJ j D _ ___
RONT "WITH B^EAKFAST^OT
over $10, In private family. Address W., box
i 91, ('all I'f.lce, "
I'ISOPEKTY WASTE!..
WANTED-A LOT CHEAP FOR C \sn ■ m
Tt cation near Randall, Palmer or Chenerv srT
A^pplyor address Plumbinj;-shop, 4 Gold.-n
AVANTiiIi-MjSOKI^ANKOUS.
\\T A XTEI>Is"ET^OF ~SH« )KM A XI.M, 1,.,  s
Call. rep * Iring: Becont > hand. Cash, box 1^!
'WANTED-YOUR* WATCH, IF IT vi.pi.ii„ BTT«TW_aMi CHANCES.
'■■'->< )KJ . mediately: tine location: account do-
liS2 _-rket "u m "'^ BrsyBBBQ & cot
$300 v S I. BLOCK FBOM CITY
• } j r "'e;i.;s average -20: owner 4
-PENBERG * CO., 68^
<;;•'", PARTNER WANTED-ONE OF THE i
♦J)'J—»'. handsomest fltted-up bars on East at-
compelled to sacrißc^: remaining partners
b^busiDes^maj^S OO^SBM_rkll
SSOO I^J^ :;ANT - " !iI OF MAR-
*- vv ' v • kPt: latest improvements: receipts av-
f-rase $50: weeks trial allowed: look at this before
bM.vmgelsewhere. BTERNBERG CaVsaS "larkeU
ft*?nO % « AL P ON> KK - RX V ST.: NICELY
httPd up: tWs Place is very invitin"
TJAKERY. COFFEE PARLOR; VI BEST
J> location; finest fitted-up place in city : has very
mt< rand outside trade; positive marantee
v to .mount of bnSSesst trtaTl fnui
■ «s; must sell one at _u<
- . N BERG 4 Co . 63'J Market °t.
S 1-50 Y A« v C ' OFF ? SALOON, OYSTER
»o*i^ 1 «i? , c^°P "»*': be« location : low rent:
S 500 f.-, H , ST ;, CLASS HOME BAKERY
'- V. '• With all couuter trade of $16 to $20 a
1. Vn U\x Bit-rooms furmshe.l; trial
■ I 4 SKIFF, B65Vh Market at.
$125 (ANI) * TOU FURNISHEDRMS.;
<JX—O. cheap. BARRETT * CO., 8681 ■ Mkt'
S;»ll(> k AY^" G COBNEB GROCERY AND
'-„ w\j. bar; ll vine-rooms; rent 525: roust sell:
offerjvant»d._BAßßETT. - 5% Market st.
ft 9oo LIGHT BUSINESS; BAMK HANDS
f«r~lvT 3 years: clearing 320 week: suitable
lor man and wife or two ladies. STANLEY 9
tteary, room 2. * '
ft 400 WANTED; INDOOR
<j>-hjv. business: run by present owner 14
>»Rrs: suited to plaln steady man satisfied with
■75 to « 100 a month; trial given. STANLEY 9
deary, room 2.
i,' 1N ' SALOON DOING GOOD BUSINESS IN
f,,^?^" 011 with lodging-house of 10 elegantly
RKim f !l I^?, m V- i ? rl< ' nU ' d location; must be sold.
KhiDY <fc CO., 13Va sixth st.
TTALF-INTKREST IN A FIRST CLASS SA-
JUL loon: dome cood business: srlendid location;
sickness caose of sale. REI DV ft CO., 131^ Sixth.
WHEN YOU ARK DIBGI BTED WITH OTH-
, " " ? and want to buy or sell your business give
ns a trial, RKI IJY _ 81xt ;. St .
I" 1^ E c I«AR-STf)i?E ON KEARNY, NEAR
Market «. JOHNSTON, at^ Seal su
s^|T- PARTNER IN A PAYING CASH
<- «■ I'^. business in this city: good for $85
monthly: can be increased. JOHNSTON, 26Va
X earny st.
GROCERY AND BAR AT A SACRI-
•^ tW. flee. JOHNSTON. 26 V^ Kean st.
$QA|| RARE CHANCK, PRODUCE ANT)
*- y v ' v '« dairy business; old established; good
trade: profits 51 25 a month; can be improved.
JOHNSTON. -_'tp , Kearny st.
"OAKERY ~ '
J> AND COFFEE SALOON ■
Large oven ______^__
Offer wanted. DECKER, 1206 Market St. .
rpOBUY. sell OR exchange A business
x of any kind hee STRAND 4 CO.. 45 Third st.
roR sale— on UNT OF ILL HEALTH;
-I the well-known Boston Shoe Basar of s«n Jose;
one of the best-established shoe businesses in the
State. For particulars address 1. LASKEY, 128
p. First st.. San Jose.
L'"X SALE —HA INTEREST IN A
-I plumbing and tin shop; doing a good business;
all necessary information will be given to one who
wishes to Investigate : good cbance for a email in-
Tt-stment. Address Plumbtr, box XI. Call Office.
V^r^n FOR SALE— LAUNDRY ROUTE. IN-
'— —"' ■ cludins horse and wagon; pays !?75 per
Diorth; trial given. Address 8.. box 10, CalL
1) ESTA VRA NT SOLD AT BARGAIN : FAM-
J*■ ll.r difficulties reason for selling at once. Ad-
dress 8., box 40, Call Office.
<•>",, I FOa ! .F - INTEREST IN WELL-
«_i«-c»\_» established lunch - counter, cbophoaae
«nd oyster parlors in best possible locality; "owner
not able to tend place both uisht aad day : a mint
for experienced man; investigate. 925"V\"ftshlne-
ton st., upstairs.
WANT ED- PARTNER WITH $400 CAPITAL
"to jGin a paying t-nterprise; profits doubled
monthly. Adaress H., box 86, Call Office.
pOIVXEIi SAI.OWN FOR SALE; RENT LOW.
V-' Apnly 79*> Mission st.
<•<•-' BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY, STA-
*-— — «-'• tioner>- store; 4 ii\ ing-rooms; rent SIS;
no agents. 341 '.2 Fifth st.
OCX A~CIGaRSTORE AND CLU BROOM,
KjXJ*JyJ. established several years; ;»r t stock,
fine fixtures and* good, steady trade. C. R., box
el. Call.
V SALE-CIGAR-STAND WITH LAUNDRY
J office; on account of other business; coajrents.
Apply, 243 Fonttn.
BUTCUKR-SHOP: FI NE LO.
cati"n; price reasonable. B. S., box 61, Call.
COD OPPORTUNITY FOR AN INVEST-
KT nieut of about 550,000 in safe commercial
business. Address R. D.. box 43, this office.
<->'j k CIGAR-STORE; FINE CORNER:
K^. — •'»/. fine lixtures and stock: no cl^ht or
Sunday work. Near Postoftlce and Appraiser's
building, SW. cor. fashing and Sanbooie sis.
UST BE SOLD BY FEBRUARY' 1-2 EX-
press-wagons: stand cor. Sansome and butter.
J. G. FREDERICKS, owner.
< 'li( it I ROUTE FOR SALE; EVENING
OoUW, paper; pays $150 per month. Apply
this office.
PA PI ROUTE FOR SALE, TEI.EGHAPH
-1 Hi! district, covers 18 blocks; can b» bought
cheap, ar.d chances for Increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only.
/ M>RNERSALOON~FOR~SALK CHEAP; MUST
\J be sold. Inquire 817 Kearnv st.
* WEEK'S ~NEWS FOR 5 CENT?- — THE
-■ V WEEKLY CALL. In wraorer, for ma-line.
.PIANOS. VIOLI.NS.KTC.
I^INE TO^ETI^cI?EiruTI'TGHTrG<)OF~AS
new; $150. WM. G. BADGER, r. 1, 26O\Farrell
<■ 'I i GRE A T BARGAIN; ROSEWOOD
'. •"'- pia.no, .f 5 Installment. 221 J.e.tvi-mvor.h.
Ha 1 n es~b PIANO, i'Ai'M - lefer."
enre; ai«o renowned P-tish A (jfrt.V piano
A. L. BANCROFT dt CO., 524 Post st.
A PA RTY LEAVING TH E CIT VIS OBLIGED
-^V to sacrific*- their ft]<^;ant leering piano. See
It »t rcoaj 10, 809 Market st.
» BEAUTIFUL KTKI'"NWAY PIANO MUST
-x. be i«o!d kt once by party obliged to dispose of
it ; a very io-.v price will secure it. Room 21. liv Ml
bullolng.
A LL^CA~SH AT ONCE^WILL SECURE AN
upright piano for ?65; now is your chance.
3'.:>om']o. Flood building.
/••ON OV E R Pr A N<sl AS^ GOOD AS NEW-
V^ 1 great r;f!ce. The F. \V. SPENCER COM-
I'A.S'V, H Post st.
Cjl lit BARGAIN; FINE UPRIGHT: GOOD
Vi.lv. condition- JOSEPH SCUM IT/. <£ CO.,
16 McAllister st.
Vhw uprTght piano, org.VnTTolding
— > bed: must be sold. L., box 8, Call Oflice.
1) I A NOS^- ~~
X Hazelton, Hnrcmr- and Ix>r,^. Brown and
Simpson: eaayterma. Y35 Market »t.
(-1 ful LARGJ eastern jiAl^E; L'P-
QXUU. right piano. BRUENN'S, T2l Post st.
C-
\J ling pianos: *e« our new piano for .$187; pianos
lor rent. BENJ. CURTAZ «fc SON, 16 O'iarrelt, '
/Treat bargains in new a D BBOOND-
IX hand DOsatMAl VAIS', 769Marke st..S.F.
GREAT BARGAIN IN PIANOS. HORNUNG-S
Piano House, 210 Post st.
"\\- M. '.. BADGER REMOVED TO 26 O'FA R-
»» refl, room 1, first floor; take elevator; pianos
p.nd organs sold for cash or installments.
A S OUR NEW BENT CONTRACT PLAN
-t\- for sellinK pianos has met with great success
we have decided to continue supplying purchasers
that wish to take odvantac* of i:- please pall and
have it explained. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO.,
wrnT Kearny and Suiter Sta.
< I rr- CASHORINHTALLMENTS: EBKR
OKI O. upright; perfect order. 1018 Van Ness.
DBTEJ N A■>, 1 : H I fIiAND
other first-class makes of pianos: little Used;
chfap for cash or on easy terms. H.OHLEB _
CHASK. 28 and HO O'Farrell st.
EASY TERMS PRICES. KOULER &
CHASE. "
BYRON 308 POST ST.— SOHMERT
Newby .'-■ I vans. Brigfrs and other pianos.
CUFERrOR VIOLINS, ZITHER!*. OLD* NEW
O H. 1 i LLER, maker, repairer, 2 Latham nlace.
CTEINWAY', $215; WEBtR, $265; HOMER,
0 5237; Wily, $125; squares, $35 »nd f 55.
HEINE. 410 Post St.
A RRIVED-A LOT.OF « 1. LEU RATED HIGH-
- » grade i. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, %i
Ninth SL
0! BBS.
The finest line of new pianos for rent and sal*
In ban *'ranci»co. J. HARRY BOOTT,
_____ »28 Market st.. spreckels buiUlin?.
-■"I -i and BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY' CALL, sent to any address In the
1 nlt<«d Ktat.es or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
_El free. ... . ... -
SHERIFF'S SALE!*.
: S^ATE^BT^niT^JE~C^^
tJ dir Issued out of the Superior Court, Depart- 1
nifnt No. 10, in and for the City and County of
Kan Francisco, state of California, In the natter of
PHILIP N. YUNG. in his Individual capacity
and as a partner transacting business under the
I' rm name and style of P. N. YUNG A CO., and
a.io a member oi partnership entitled YUNG*
i* 1 LXV - I have levied upon all the rlj;ht, title
and interest of said insolvent, in and to th* follow-
»i? described property, to-wlt: Wines, liquors,
c:i»h register. Bllfe nlckel-in-the-sjot machine,
Kiassware. decanters, empty botilej, fixtures, etc.,
,£?*« is h . ei b >' iv ,. n that on SATURDAY, the
vi»rihnf,L O Januar 1896, at 11 o'clock a. M.. at
r.rll, , tor ' ot Ash avenue and Larkln
«-im «?'i th« M ty and bounty of Ban Francisco, I
wW b.dd e " Ido1 d or a c l 2! v n c - mentloDed pr ° per *° the
f_ n p ,i l '' ll , ll - i l: " I. WHELAN, Kneriff.
San Francisco, January 14, 1896, 
.^gggnt^rorogg bale.
8-1 0: n^K° I£Houa ß?«ooi>LooAiroaii
18 rcHnr.s; b^t corner in city -"- aj 600 i
Uroonis. on(iearvst sko !
i.) ms . : sunny comer; must Veil "-*'.". Mv?; 700 !
10-room house; very central 150
5; c - I'lxivEP., 1208 Market at." cor Taylor.
8<H).()()()];; ; ,- : '-^N r; - : HN.rURIT
TH£
SI 50 T,^AU Oil HOIVI ' ; ; CLEARING $45
I'"'. DKCKER. 1206 Market st.
vine-roomed HOUSE, rent musi
-^^ sell, no agents. 869 Mission st. .
XT' >i>k a-j rooms; AiL COMPLETELY KUR-
■t-LnichFd:all rooms occupied: $1500. A., box 12.-!.
F L ITUK K FOB SALtI.
\\'E WILL MOVE PEBRUARY 1 —
' » Previous to moving to 74,1 Market st. we offer '
our entire stock of furniture and carpets at tre-
mendous reduction.' No reasonable offer refused.
Ro.xbury Brussels (laid) 75c
' English Linoleum (laid) 35c
SUIREK & si II Hi-. K. 1310-12 Stockton st.
HG. KKASKV. FURNITURE AND BED-
• ding; new folding-beds, 89 and up: step-lad-
ders, '.'Of pr step; furniture exchged. 779 Mission st.
REDUCTIONS ON LARGE 3TOCK, NEW and
second-hand: 400 carpet*, good as new; oil-
cloth, 25c; parlor suit*, *19 up: linoleum, 45c: 7- .
piece chamber suits, $14 50: cornice' poles, 25c:
ranges, 5,6: rash or installments; goods shipped
free. T. U. NELSON. 126 Fourth st.
IX>B BARGAINS IN FURNITURB AND Alt-
-1 tides of every description. D. McRAE, 829
Mission «t. __^_________
. FURNITURE WANTED
C^Asii price paid'f^r^fl^r^ltureT^'jX.
V ; COB SCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th <& sth.
\ 'i ri 1:1. v HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
! J\ second-band furniture and carpets by l.undv
Furniture Co.. 813 Market. St.; call or send i-ostal.
CAKPKT CLEAX'JXG.
, ■ - INKD AND RENOVATED
I. like new. FERGUSON & CO., 28 Tenth; tel.
South 3li. D. MACKINTOSH & CO.. successors.
JK.MIH lii.i.i.i ARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; Cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
CITY si KAMI ARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
tIn?, 3S Bth. STEVENS, iiilt. Tel. south 230.
I JMcQI EEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
-0 . ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tal. south 228.
Rational carpet beating andke.no-
IN vatin? Work H AMPTONiBAILLY': layinf
snd altering. ■ 3-8 16 Guerrero: Tel. Mission 244.
\\ThEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
1 " poor work send to SPAULDING'sS Pion«erCar-
p« Beatiag Works, : .53-7 Tehama; t»>i. So-40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. SSS
\_^ Go!d'<n Gate aye. ; telnphona east 126.
HORSES.
T^O^SATE^)R*E^?HA*N :
X ster; will drive double or single: can be seen at
Olympic Club Stable. For particulars apply at
504 Butter st.
I ~\i I bets new AND second-hand HAK-
X »JU ness: all kinds: wa?ons,bussies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagona. 112h Mission st.
! "1 AA HEAD OF VeELL-fiROKES WORK AND
' lvU driving horses just trom the country : also
fast paters and trotters. Apply Bt>'J Howiird st.,
j G, kiINDAUER, proprietor.
HSES PAC-1/RED: $2 A MONTH: GOOD
care and feed; send for circular. The H>'da
raurb, 830 Commercial st.
WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUR-
weon for B. F. Police Department. Oflice and
hospital, 121 City Hall aye.: telephone south 401.
A(\ HORSES FOR BALE: ALSO WAGONS
j' l buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcad« Horss
Market, 327 Sixth st. auction sales every Wen not-
day. bt'LLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
TOO SKl> SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALIi
XVJU kind*; second-hand wagons, buggy, caru;
also 20 chean horses, fc'ifteenia and Valencia sis.
FOR S-AL_-311SC_LLANJKO»JS.
X Af| SECOND-HAND CARPETS, ALL SIZEU
I *)\J\J a:.' 1 . prices from 25c per yard up. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
THRESH JERSEY COWS AND HEIFERS
A Sulphur Spring Farm, Niles.
pOING AWAY^BED LOUNGE. LOOKING-
\y glass, etc., almost new. to be sold cheap. 321
Capp st., rear, between Mission and Howard.
\* KM ~ '95 HIGH-GRADE. 21 POUND, $105
-> bicycle, $40. J. 8., box 58. Call Office. j
TV YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT.
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; we will treat your-.:. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY', 61 First, nr. Mission.
OLDEN GATE GAS ENGINE. • APPLY TO
1 Ijr Browning Jc Bro mer. gun store, 820 Kearny sC
BABY CARRIAOKS AND RATTAN HUM-
tore; call and get our prices; costs nothing.
S 'Dset Rattan Company, 104 O'Farrtll St., ne*r
Stockton. ' -•'-:• .■-■-
-BAROUTFITS, MIBBORS.C !:'
X) ■scales, etc. ; cheapest. MEEK, 1118 Mission st.
"yiCKEL-PLATED CUSHION TIRE KA3I-
-x* bier; only $10. 328 McAllister st.
UHRE AND BURG~£AIt >.\FK LETTER-
X I press, platform scales desk; cheap. 102 Clay
VI ON ARCH CARD SLOT MACHINES JrOR
"1- salt or given away. AHN A CO., 220 Cat st.
ELLOWSS, ANVIL. VISE. TONGS, SMALL
steam boiler and engine. 631 Howard st.
ONE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZE
lire red burglar proof safe. 221. 223 Market st,.
E\V RAXOE3 CHEAPER THAN SECOND-
-^ hand. W. S. RAY Mfs Co., 12 California St.
I TTol: laß -. SHELVING, SHOWCASES
L bought aiict told 11213^M>rket bet. 7ih and gta
ai_DlCA_.
A NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTBU
i _». mems or worthless pills ti(>ea; every woman
j her own physician for all female troubles, no mat-
I ter from .what cause; restores always In one day;
i if you want to be treated safe and sur«; call on men's
i physician can be sent and used at home;
I all cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
I A BLESSING TO LADIES — INSTANT BE
j -V lief for monthly irregularities (from whatever
cause) by. the moat experienced ladies' physicians
In San Francisco, restores all cases by an improved I
method, superior to others; ladies will save lime '
and money, be assured of honest treatment by
consulting the doctors before calling on others;
patients who have been imposed upon are spe-
-1 cially invited: home in confinement; treatment;
warranted: advice free; Pink Pills, *:'. DR. and
MUM DA VIES, 14McAlllst<T st.. near Jone*.
\ I I'.s. G. WOOD. MIDWIFE; DISEASES OF
.'I the womb a specialty. 230 Clara St., m Fifth.
ILL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES RE
-^"V. stored in a few hours; safe and sore relief at
aiiy time; travelers helped at once: home. in con-
I finement; French pills guaranteed: consult free.
■ SIRS. DR. WEI ill, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
I~ AJIIES — CHICHESTSB'B ENGLISH PEN-
J ny royal Pills (Diamond Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps, for
{ particulars, "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return
I mail; at druggist*. Cnichesier Chemical Company,
Philadelphia. Pa.
DRR GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day. guaranteeing a cure or no
charge; separate home for patients; bent skill;
medical attendance: low tees; regulator, $2.
': 1370 Market. ■
"I A DIES — DAUDET'.S FEMALE REGULA
Xj ting Pills: strongest, safest, best; never fall;
$1 }>er box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis St.,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.
DB, HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
'Jones. Diseases of women and children.
A SIRE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DIS-
X\ ease*, from whatever causa; a bom* in con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction euar-
I mtecd, by MRS. DR. GWYER. 226 Turk: st.
! \ IiOMK. A END AND MOTHER'S CARE.
- 'i M RS. iJK. FUNK'S, l Eighth St.. Alameda.
\ii:>. DB, WJSGENER: PRIVATE HOME IN
I'l continemenc; irregularities cured In a few
hours without operation: pills $2. 419 Eddy st.
A LPSAU'B FRENCH PILLS.. A BOON- TO
-TV ladles troubled with irregularities; no danger;
safe and Kure: S'J 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS., Oakland. *'»'.
Ii IRREGULAR Oil ANY FEMALE DISEASE
-«- tee Mr». Dr. Puetz and b« content. Us4Vt4th.
\ 'A 1.1.1: NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
WEEKLY CALL,. In wrapper, for mailing.
DENTISTS. ~
1 Vt" W. LEEK. TIIJtf^4ENUINE"
—'Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teeth
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 18 rear* 1
experience. R. L. WaL.-jh. dT0.9., 816*4 Geary.
\ $ h l T OY tee without A PLATE.
ix_D_l:. 11. G. YOUNG, 18U Polknt.
DR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KJ3ARN V — BRIDGE-
-1 ' work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L, T.CRANZ-EXTRACTION PAINLESS
crown work, bride? work aud teeth wiihou;
plates n specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
pROOME DENTAL A«s"O(5lATION, 769 MAR-
V.' ket. bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists; only reli-
agent, for painless extraction: artificial teeth
triu $0: fillings frm $1; extracting 6Cc. with gas $1.
C*iJ. a BET~FOR WARRANTED AH
«J5 • good as can be made; fillln« $1. DB, SIMMs
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
: 1 R. LUDLUM HILi-. MARKET st "
; is near Eleventh: no charge, for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new
letth trom $3 per set: extracting 50c; gas given. '
/■IOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 800 MAP-
\J ket «. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
D"" R. JTLEEK, 1200 MARKET, CO r7g"6IDEN
Gat© aye.— Open -evenings: Sundays till noon.
ALiT work reasonable AND WAR-
ranted. DR. J. W. KKY. 1122 Market m.
LOST.
tost" all coii 'fort Xnd~imjsasure by
.1j not getting my shoes made to order by
GEORGE BRYANT, 204 Turk St.
ONEY. BY. NOT, HAVING my house
papered and painted by the Co-operative Paper-
-1 hanging Company, 635 McAllister st,
■'nirfftTi,dittii«iS*iffr?^iMtfrii '^^TK«^l>ri v . - - - - • *-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1596.
norsics to let.
HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND BATH AND
%pXO.' large stable and yard: 1131 York st. R.
J. MERCER & SON, 410 Pine st. ; . IJ ■ :
"V E~~C>R.OF LAGUNA AND ELLIS— NINE
— ' rooms: bath: modern improvements; rent rea-
sonabie. Apply 704 I.arkin st.
Ol .1 PERRY ST.— HOUSE OF 4 ROOMS AND
_. 1 _ basement; rent $12 50: water free. Apply
G. 11. UMBSEN -CO., 14 Montgomery at.
HOUSE OF 9 BOOMS AND BATH TO LET.
■ 1.'.1 Mi'uiH st. . . _
, U..AI-....1 iiuU-_ IN CITY: 8 ROOMS;
\J bath; modern; $20. 584y Valencia, near
Sixteenth. •- . ■
QQfl REDUCED FROM $40: NICE MODERN
•„ •»"'. home of 8 rooms. Apply 15 <■ rant aye.
HOUSE OF 6 ROOMS AND BATH AND
yard; 147 Valencia St.: rent $16. Apply 2838 ,
Mission. -
SA VBD— DOLLARS, DIMES AND NICKELS
_ by renting a house from BALDWIN _ HAM
MOND 111 Montgomery st. _^^^____
FUKNISH-D MOUSES.
T^LKGANTIV FURNISHED; CA^^lllVE
J-J ront »ree. I4HI Market St.; modern; sunny.
H.\ n L»3OiM r.. >L aN V , NICELY FURNISHED
house: wry reasonable to small family. Ad-
dress 507 Baker .street.
HOUSE, 6 ROOMS AND BATH; NEWLY'
XX furnished: near City Hall; no agents. N. A.,
box HO. Call Office .
FLATS TO tEI.
SAvTi^AR^FXRE^EST"~FXA^^fN~TiEfE
city; 5 and 6 rooms, bath; sunny central loca-
tion; nice neighborhood: keys NE. cor. Mason and
Sacramento sts. Apply 32l)"sansome St., room 4.
Ii'OUA RuOAtH AND BATH. 304 LILY AYE.;
J rent $15. Owner 111 Van Ness aye.
Q|9S ROOMs; BATH. 109 THIRTEENTH
t]J}-L_,. 3:.. near Valencia.
vOR SALE— LOVELY FURNISH ED HOME; 6-
roomed flat for young couple. 514 a Turk st.
11 FLOOR— 4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
. unfinished basement: 516: clean and in coon
repair; quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
LMVK LARGE BOOMS, FRONT AND REAR
X 1 yards, sunny; $25. 22 Twelfth st,, between
Mission and Howard.
f\7"ER V* Ft NE~FLAT; 7 ROOMS; large
> yard; low rent. 2510 Mission; key next door.
A ROOM UPPER FLAT: NEW; MODERN;
fronting park. 1622 Fell St., near Lott.
01 A 1 FAIR OAKS— NEW SUNNY LOWER
_.l-±-j flat; 5 rooms, bath; $17 50. UMBSEN &
CO.. 14 Montgomery st. .v- •'
QOA ONLY FOR 7 FINK ROOMS; KA iii ;
—'* all modern improvement*: basement and
I yard; 721 Fourteenth «t.. near Market-st. cable-
cars. BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery.
©17 LOWER i.A I. 5 ROOMS AND BATH.
tip 1 I . 1027 Post St., bet. Polk and Larkin.
71 A NATOMA— FLAT, 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
111 basement; large sunny yan.l; nr. Eighth st,
AIQ 8167 GEABY, NEAR COOK— NEW
LO. low flat, 5 rooms and bath: two weeks'
rent free to food tenant. SHAINWALD. BUCK-
BEE & CO., 220 Montgomery st. .
"J Q 7-ROOM FLATs; iui>m.n ,-»i,.w.s.
' I' . water, dumb waiter; all modern; ai 956
Union st., Oakland, near Adeline local station;
better than any »30 cottage in Oakland. To let
by KOENIG & KROLL, 1006 Broadway, Oakland.
<»OK, FLAT: 1209 BUSH; 5 ROOMS, BATH;
t^_.«J. bay-windows. Apply 1211b.
S"UNNY UPPER FLAT: 6 BOOMS. BA CH AND
0 basement. 398 Waller St., cor. Flllmore.
SUNNY FLAT 3 ROOMS; GARDEN; ALSO
one 4 rooms, bath: $13 and $16. 1706 Posi st.
1 - PPEK AT; 27 SHOTWELL ST.; 6 ROOMS
U handsomely papered: bath; basement: quiet
tome for old people; $23; water free. Apply down-
stairs.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST.. Bfc.-
Xj low Bryant, 5 and 6 rooms, bath : $}* to $16.
iwA\ tl)-i)(JLUKS, DIMES AND NICKELS
0 by renting a flat from BALDWIN «fc HAM-
MOND lo Montgomery st.
ilOliS—KifiEl'lNU; KOOMS.
Bush Street.
91 1 (\ BUSH-NEWLY i URN IBHED SUNNY
— .XX *' front connecting rooms for housekeeping;
and single rooms. .'; :> "
_________
Fifth Street.
JOQI FIFTH-SUNNY FRONT ROOM AND
tr_ ( >2 kitchen furnished complete for house-
keeping. V:. . ; . .-■.'"
J - ultnm Street.
7Q' FOLSOM— SUNNY' FURNISHED FRONT
1 OO room; light housekeeplnsr: $8 per month.
lieary st.eet. •
mrr GEARY — PARLOR, BEDROOM,
i dining-room, sewing-room, kitchen, bath,
2 beds; all necessaries; .$24.
Harriet Street. .
9 HARRIET— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
for housekeeping; reasonable.
Hayes street.
1 4.1 Q 1 HAVES — 2 OR 3 FURNISHED
XttJ. t/2 housekeepine; use kitchen and bath.
Howard Street.
1 1 9£ A HOWARD, ■ NEAR SEVENTH —2
XX—O large rooms furnished for housekeeping;
Victor range, closets, bath, etc.; in American
family; will rent cheap to quiet, sober people.
1 1 AC) HOWARD— B FRONT SUNNY BAY-
I-i-"l— window, furnißhed housekpg rooms; §15.
l(-.i \ .11 w<> r. street. .
! Q1 (\ LEAVENWORTH-SUNNY BASEMENT
j OIU suitable for office or housekeeping.
_arkin Street.
JOQ LARKJN— FURNISHED ROOMS; LIGHT
tl_;t7 housekeeping; single, and suite.
A OO BAB KIN -m:at:,v FURNISHED BAY-
I'' 1 ' window housekeeping rooms: reasonable.
' 3fi*sion_*treet.
SO Q MISSION— NEWLY FURNISHED
I OO housekeeping rooms; 1, 2 or 3 at $0, Bor
! $12 per month.
uv MISSION — 2 LARGE. SUNNY, FUR-
OUO nished rooms for housekeeping. •
"1 9XI~ MDSSION — 4*~CON NECTING ROOMS
1 _~t 1. completely furnished; gas; private; rea-
sonable. • '■;■-
O'Farrell s,tre«t. '
JOE O'FARRF.LL- S NICELY FURNISHED
*!_.»-' front rooms for light housekeeping.
AOl O'FABBELL— 9 OR 8 NICELY FUR-
ttOJ. nishea rooms; complete for housekeeping.
PLOt'T' • ' ! 1: bell — 2 «UNNY' UNFUR-
i\Jz nlshed rooms. for light housekeeping.
h«Tentli Street. .
I Of? SEVENTH— 3 SUNNY, NICELY FUK-
IOU nished housekeeping rooms; $10 per month.
Tehama Street.
QQ7 TEHAMA - 2 SUNNY FURNISHED
001 rooms, suitable for housekeeping; also sin-
gle rooms.
Third Street.
1 -Ol THIRD— NICK SUNNY FURNISHED
J 1/O3 rooms for housekeeping; also single.
Turk street.
1 OR TURK— UPPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS
X— U for housekeeping.
Vallejo Street.
-1 9Q91 VALLK.IO, NEAR HYDE — FUR-
X— O_3 nished rooms for housekeeping.
Van Is ess Avennc,
7-1 A VAN NESS -LA ROE SUNNY ROOM,
I IU with privilege of housekeeping.
1 A(\t\ v A NKSSj— ELEGANT FURNISHED
i3UU sunny front rooms for housekeeping.
. . Washington Street.
1 QQA WASHINGTON, NEAR JONES— MA-
-1 OOU rine view; 3 newly furnished nous keep-
ing rooms, detached: gas range, etc. ; desirable.
ROOMS TO J__T.
Capp Street..
r>r JT CAPP, NEAR TWENTY • SECOND -
XJOO Nicely furnished front room, with use of
bath, ln small family: $8.
Eighth .street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUsE, 28 BTH
St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
'I Q EI.LIK-SUNNY ALCOVE ROOM; HOT
JIO running water; and single rooms; bath.
I o.x.in Street. .'■>£;
QOf\ FOLKOM, NEAR- FOURTH— SUNNY
O_U furnished rooms, $1 per week.
f7VQ7<I FOLSOM — LARGE NEWLY FUR-
XUOU2 nished back parlor; private family; fii.
. Geary Street.
0 f\O GEARY, NEAR JONES-LARGE FRONT
UUO room for gentleman: $10.
Ql7l GEARY — THREE NEATLY FUR-
OX I 2 nished rooms; terms reasonable. • r-
Golden < h .' ■■ Avenue.
qon golden gate- aye —sunny front
v')U bay-whmowrm; reasonable: private family.
Grove .Street.
If* GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED BOOM,
XO with uge of kitchen; 610. ■■■..
Howard Street.
"I 9] 71 HOWARD— LARGE" ROOM; ' BUIT-
J-^X I 3 able lor 2 men; gas; bath ; private.
.- : . Jackson Street.
101 C JACKSON, NEAR MASON — FUR-
AViO nisned aunuy front single room; $5.-
ROOMS TO ':_.ET— Continued. ■
;... : . • •-■ Jones Street, i c  ■■■
9fi7 JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
/.yJ i management! elegant sunny suites and ;
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; $10 to S3O.
Kearny Street.
_ RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLEAS- i
iV ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; fine class
in every respect : terms reasonable.
'* • l.nrkin Street.
"I 9AA LARKIN, OPP. LURLINE BATHS—
X£\J\) Sunny furnished rooms; $ 5 a month.
I.eavenwortli Street.
Q1 A LEAVENWORTH, NR. SU TTER-SUN
OlVny alcove suites; very desirable for gentle-
men; $20.
LEAVENWORTH ST.-2 NICELY FUR-
OJ. X nished front rooms: rent reasonable.
Market street.
777 MARKET — NICELY FURNISHED
ill suites and single; housekpg; also offices.
•\rOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; per
night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 60 to 55; families
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NEAR MA-
son— Furnished sunny room; $5; private.
Mason Street.
__1 rj MA SON— (CHANGED HANDS) SUNNY
ill front suites, suitable for doctor's office.
-linua street.
1 79 MINNA — NEAT L V FURNISHED
X I _j rooms, 75c and $1 per week.
Mission Street.
O SUNNY, FURNISHED ROOMS FROM $1
0 up; also housekeeping room; reasonable. 621
Mission st. • V-.: : ■: ■■■- •■
■ QQ9 MISSION— BASEMENT FLOOR OF 8
(DO^J nice rooms, with raDge; large yard; sls per
month.
TOO A MISSION— 2 LARGE' SUNNY FUR-
IOOv nished front rooms; private.
RAND- SOUTHERN — SB. ( "H. 7TH AND
\X Mission.reopened; thoroughly renovated :sunny
front rooms: elegantly furnished ;siti?le or en suite;
stationary wa.-'hs'ands and running water in
every room: choicest location; terms reasonable.
Post Street.
1 Of) A POST — 2 NICELY FURNISHED
X OV/"± suites; also single for housekeeping.
"vVFarreil Street.
QQQ O'FARRELL — NICELY FURNISHED
000 sunny rooms: private family.
Post Street.
= 97 FRONT PARLOR, NICELY FUR-
iJ— i I nlshed, with use of kitchen; $14.
Sixth Street. -—--——-
1 OR SI^TH-NICELY FURNISHED BUN-
iVO ny rooms, en suite or single; $1 25 up.
Stockton Street.
A "I 7 STOCKTON— FURNISHED SUN-
"XX I ny front room, $8; single, $6; 2 unfurnished.
gutter Street.
!;OA SITTER - NICELY' FURNISHED
OJmU front suite: also o. her rooms; suitable for
2 or 3 gentlemen or gent and wife; gas and bath;
central.
7>QA sr ii '■ R-LARGE, BUNNY, FRONT
UOv/ suite for offices; hot and cold water.
1 9ft A 1 GUTTER— N ICE L V FURNISHED
X_.v/d.2 front sunny room; gas, bath: .$l2 for 1.
Fay lor » treet.
1 I Q TAYLOR-LARGE, SUNNY, FRONT
l"v rooms; single or en suite; newly furnished;
with hot water bain. .
A ] _ TA YLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
iIT front room; gpntlemen on! .
99TAYLOR-NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
_.— i ny rooms; thoroughly respectable.
Tiiird Street.
WINCHESTER HOUSE-44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market; moat convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 25c to $1 50 per night; *1 50 to $t> per week; '
electric lights in every room; reading r'm : free bus. j
Turk Street.
OAOI TURK-SUNNY' FRONT BOOMS; F.I.X-
-—■'-'—<■,* gantly furnished: single and en suite; rea-
sonable. . v . -
Ql (i TURK— SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
•-)Xt7 nished or unfurnished.
WEEK"'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS _TH_I
V WEEKLY CAXL.Id wraouer. for mailing.
BOA IN ANI> ROOJIS;
" .. i I ELLIS ■ i^E \ VVV.S [SHED ROOM,
*JuL with board; French family; terms moder-
ate: references.
QOQ GEARY'— NICELY FURNISH ESD SUNN
• UU suites ; table board : suitable for families!^
TFY'OU WANT a PLEASANT HOME CALL
A at Van Ness aye., cor. Bush st. ; the Winder-
mere: referenced required.
Q9 ft EDDY— HOTEL NORMANDIE: SUNNY
O«jU Bina;.e rooms; tab: board ;U>ims reasonable.
HI BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod -
ero conveniences.
CBILDBEN BOARUISD. ~
l ?(\ r (^ r iTN^^irFEvniAii7ATE^iooD
—jUOO home for 1 or 2 children to board; front
room for parents, if required.
you can"v"md refined home IN A-MER-
X lean family for child; terms moderate. 402
San Jose aye. !
STORKS TO LET.
SilOA STORE, NQW OCCUPIED BY WIT-
•4?J-_V/.» zel tk Balfer, 322 Battery St.; two
stories with fine concrete bstement; very dry.
ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgomery M.
QTORE TO i7ETI~26xB67~~I4O~MINNA ST.
OFFICES TO LET.
"L^REE RENT (Vi MONTH) GIVEN MOOD
X tenants; cottages, flats, |5 up. SPECK <_ CO
602 Market st
ELEGANT OFFICES IN NEW SPRECKEL3
building, 925 Market : rents low; no extra ■
charge for gas. janitor serrices or healing. Apply ;
at building or G. H. I'MIisK.V A.- CO.. 14 .Montg. % i
—————--_--___
El* LC A T lUJN AjZT~
ryiuT^LKAmxiG sirßßTH?\"N7r'c7nri?E(TFr r
X individual Instruction; four months' course
Ayres' Stenographic lustltuto, 325 Montgomery st.
EMELIE MELVILLE WILL RECEIVE A
1 limited number of pupils; thorough dramatic
training, reading, operatic and drawing-room sine-
ing. 2300 Webster st., cor, of Washington.
MRS. MKLVILLE-SNYDKK HAJS KKMOVKD
1»X to 620 Sutler St.: teacher of vocal music (latest I
Italian methods), piano and elocution; ladie* ana i
gentlemen coached In operatic, Shakespearean and '
other plays: appearances arranged.
PANISH~AND FRENCH ACADEMY; CAS-
O tilian and Parisian professors; 3 lessons week.
$3 month also painting academy, flowers specialty
3 lessons week, $3 month; translations. Spanish
French, English. 1170 Market st., room .17.
"INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
OCAL TEACHER JOSEPH GREVEN IM~
T proves and beautifies even spoiled voices and
procures positions to his pupils. 82 Ninth st.
E'.RENCH.SPANISH.Etc PROF.D.FILIPPE'S
J- Academy of Languages: 320 Post; estab. 1871.
Miss BOLTE'S SCHOOL, 2297 SACRAMENTO
■I'-l St.— Board. English, French, pi«no. dancing.
$30 a mo.; excellent chance for ambitious and con-
scientious parents to give children a superior educa-
tion low figure; term Jan. 2: kindergurtcn coach.
EN<. lish, latin, MATHEMATICS, bng-'
J- lish literature a specialty. j MISS ROULSTON.
724 O'Farrell si.
ENGLISH LITERATURE AND MYTHOLOGY'
-Li class or private. MRS. EHRM AN, 234 Bush st
]3ELAHCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X* Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
onstage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL. CIVIL. MINING, ME-
kJ chanfeal engineering, surveying, architecture
assay; ; estab. VAN DER NAILLEN, Mkt!
Students prepared FOR THE 'UNIVER-
O slty, law and medical colleges; day and eveuinz
classes. 333-335 Phelan building. evooing
ijOwens academy, university AVF
X> Berkeley, Cal. T. S. BOWENS, M. A., Principal.'
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN. GUITAR. CORNET
> taught. Prof. L.MERKI. 226 Geary treasonable '
c PaNIHH, FRENCH, GERMAN : MODKRATeT
_JMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell st
HEALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST"
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand"
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
TVTIOHTBCHOOL;HEALD'SBU«.COLLEGE;24
i-^ Post: commercial, shorthand, English ; low ra>«»
Violin, MANDOLIN, CELLO. BANJO; RE £
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS. 1045 Vi Valencia.
pHEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNING^
\J ham's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts.
SAN FRANCISCO BUSINESS COLLEGE, 1238
O Market: send for cat. ; day and evening session.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THft
y WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in 7h.
United States or Canada one year for SI 60. post-
ace free. ■ - . '*^
— — - _________ ____ _„
RTOBAOJS
OVERLAND' FRF. tGH T TItANSFEFI CoT
Fifth and Bluxome. sts.— Furniture and goods
packed, shipped and stored; 9 large fireproof ware- !
houses; low rates; advances made. Tel. south 388.
TORAGE OF FUKNITUBE.
hold goods, etc. J. M. PIERCE, 735 Market st.
ILSON BROTHERS. 1710 MARKET-"
Storage: low rates: telephone South 762.-
PHYSICIANS.
RTA^DKTuTlsTpiflYlnX^N^SU^^
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b1dg, 661 Markt
DEMOYiTD— DR. C. C. O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV Market st. ; diseases of women a specialty.
PERSONALS.
p ERMAN • LADY WANTED TO~~BOARD
Vj three children at the r own home: free fur-
n.'s led honseand $17 per month. Addr<«s 2006y 3
Dupont st.
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE AND PROBATE
laws a specialty; suits, Superior, Justice and
Police Courts: terms reasonable: collections, etc. (J.
>V .'HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market, cor. Stockton.
GREAT REDUCTIONS IN PHOTOGRAPHS
I] at CRAMER'S California Gallery, 402 Kearny
St., NX. cor. Pine; full length or bust first-class
cabinets $1 50 dozen, Paris panels $3 dozen.
ONE MORE OUT—
Oak Roll Top Desks $14 to $35
Oak Chiffoniers From $10 tip
Oak Bed Sets $17 50 up
Oilcloths and Linoleums ...80c up
Stoves and Ranges ; $3 up
Thousands of bargains. . We keep everything.
Cash or time payments. J. NOON AN
1017,1019,1021, 1023 Mission St., above Sixth.
SECOND-HAND AS WELL AS NEW BARS,
0 showcases, counters, shelvings, mirrors, desks,
safes, chairs, scales, etc., and a very large stock of
them, too; be sure and see stock and get prices be-
fore going elsewhere. J. NOON AN, 1017, 1019.
1021, 10-.-3 Mission st., above xt h.
IMPORTED HAVANA, KEY WEST AND
X high-grade domestic cigars at the tobacco bazaar,
1627 Devisadero St.. near Sutter."
VI RS. M. H. OBER, HEADQUARTERS OF
-I'l Ypsilanti Union Suits arid Equestrian Tights
Jaros Underwear; Ob'er Corsets for stout f!p;u es.
Sole agent for Equipoise Waists, - Jeunes Miller
goods and Gertrude baby outfits; great reductions-
send for catalogue. 34 Geary st., San Francisco.
VIISS DAISY HAAKE IS STARTING A MIL-
-L'X linery class at her home, 14 Chattanooga st.,
bet. Twenty-first and Twenty-second; special at
tention given to schoolgirls after school hours; a
thorough course guaranteed at moderate terms.
AGNES— WHY DIDN'T YOU OO LAST
night? Got my hair dressed at C. LEDER-
ER'B parlors (successor to Mine. spitz), 111 stock-
ton st.: receivea best attention: was sororlMd at
price: only 25c; to-night sure. BESS.
PICTURE FRAMING COMPLETE WITH
glass 7x9 inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12, 15c;
HxM and l'Jxie, 20u; 16 *- >o'30 ' 3 » C; "0*24,450.
JONES, 647 Mission St.
GYPTIAN HENNA. $1; HAIRDYE, PER-
fectly harmless. Lan^ley- Michaels Co.; all
chemists; Hubbard s 823, Uauptli's. 1156 Market.
UOR FINE POULTRY AND GAME GO TO A.
■V STRASSER. 78 and 79 Center Market.
"DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
-I- and Newspaper Illustration reopens Monday,
January 6. For particulars' uadress or apply 424
Pine st.
Cbi A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED OX THE
<jp X floor. ■ 206 Leavenworth hi.
ELECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WIN-
-Lj Chester House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: tree bus to and from the ferry. .
JOHN SMITH HAS REMOVED' TO 327-329
Suiter st., between Stockton st. and Gran; aye.,
where the best of coal can bo had at 10-.vost prices.
LIBERAL ADVANCES OX DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc.: lowest rates. 948 Market »t.
"1 (\l\C\ BUSINESS! CARDS, $1 60: TELE-
XUUU phone "Black 141." H 11,L.72ji 3 Market.
OLD BUILDINGS BOUGHT AND SOLD;
store fixtures, doors, windows, lumber, pipe,
etc.: cheap. Yard 1166 Mission St., near Eighth.
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J mfrs' cost. Factory. 20 6an»om» St.. upstairs.
OLD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES
clothing bought. COLMAN. 41 Third st.
H E APE STAND BEST IN' AMERICA-THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to an / address in the 1
V nlted States or Canada one year for SI 50, post-
age free. * - *_
DB£BSMAKEB«I. ~~~~~
KESSES~cII'T AND fIEtTEdT^S: DRESSESJ
popular prices: waists ». 11 Geary at.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A dXm~PORTEH , CAR D- RE ADE R; T ELL?
the past, present and fut ure ; ladies 50c, gents
$1 ; palmistry, clairvoyant; sittings $160. 126
Turk st., near Jones.
Fpg] is XOCATCHPENNYHUMBUG: PROF.
X ZAUZIC, occult scientist-palmist; past, present,
future in general; satisfaction positively guaran-
teed; 50c. 805 Eddy si., hours 3to 9.
MME. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL*
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given: good advice: sure
help; restores lost love by sympathy; mistake im-
possible; fee £1; letter &£. 929 Post St., nr. Larkin.
AUGUSTA LEOLA. FORTUNE TELLER:
magic charms, love tokens; true picture of
future wife and husband; teaches fortune telling;
develops clairvoyance, slate writing, etc. ; has the
seven holy seals and the Palestine wonder charms;
fee $1 and upward. 2326 Mission, nr. Twentieth.
MISS M 1 ; 1. V 1 5 A : CLAIRVOYANT; TRUE
picture of future husband or wife. 766 -2 How-
ard st. .
ROF. LEON, RENOWNED PALMIST, CL
voyant: has no equal: gives valuable advice:
convinces if others fail. 533 Post, 8 to 9; aWoSund.
MME. RAVENA SITS DAILY; BUBE TIPS
on races; names given; 25c up.. 828 Howard.
a I me. STEWART THE child MEDIUM;
J»l great clairvoyant and card-reader; seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, has returned 10
her old rooms in Man Francisco; ladies and gents
60c 917 Market s:.. parlors 3 and 4.
STARLIGHT READS YOUR CAREER FROM.
the cradle to the grave. Parlor s. B6Sy^ Market.
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 26c up. 764 Howard st.
___________
. SPIKITUALIS.tI.
DDIE SWAIsfTsEER? NO FE^EXCEPTVAi
-TV a gift; ladies only. 227 Geary st.
pROI-ESSOK VAN J5l YERE. ; ~
That famous exponent of occultism is now in the
city; advice given on business investments; specu-
lation, love, courtship, marriage and divorce, in
fact, upon all matters affecting your future happi-
ness; tetters with stump answered; office hours 9
a. m. to BP. m. Parlors, 305 Jones, between Eddy
and Ellis.
Y~PSY MEDIUM; CHARMS GIVEN FREE;
readings 60c, gents $1. 1003 Mission st., r. 1.
DR. WOOD, CELEBRATED INDEPENDENT
slate writer and trance medium. 597 Ellis st.
\fRB. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
>'i ■ nee medium : sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
MONK* TOLOiJi.
ORROW MONEY ON YClUR^"pTa^o'wlTH-
out removal, diomonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings;
low Interest; perfect secrecy; private entrance;
private rooms. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant avenue
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGES OB COL-
laterals. JAMES E. DAMON. 303 Montgyis:.
ONEY LOANED. 6y a PER CENT ON MORT-
1H gages. a. F. John.- & CO., 632 Market st.
WHY PAY $5 ON THE HUNDRED COM-
' • mission to the broker when you can get the
same direct from the louner without It and with-
out charge for making out papers on your pianos
and furniture of private families, which "furniture
is now under the new law mortgageable; lowest in-
terest without removal: any amount from $100 to
f5OOO. 418 Ellis St.. room 22. ■
1 OAKS ON REAL ESTATE: ALSO SECOND
Ji mortgages, furnaur" or pianos without re-
moval In the city and Oakland or Alameda any
amount: lowest rates. BECKER, 240 Montgomery.
TOANS— FIRST AND SECOND MORTGAGES;
XJ city or country: furniture and pianos: business
strictly private. Room 88. Chronicle building.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEVVELRY, ETC
1 Columbia Loan & Collateral Office, 9 Grant aye.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2.D or 3D MORTGAGES;
J\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAX. .Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
ST AND 2D MORTGAGES; CITY OR COUN
J- try; administrators' mortgages, interests in es-
tates, diamonds, pianos, etc. MURPHY, 628 Mkt.
ORTGAGES, PROBATE LOANS, WAR-
-IVI rants. SALOMON & CO., 328Montgmry,r.214.
MOXEY LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
HOB Market st. .or. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
N FURNITURE AN D PIANOS, WITHOUT
removal. R^oom 68, Donohoe b'd'g, 1170 Market
PAWNBROKERS.
T 126 KEARNY ROOM 9— MOnIbY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sale cheap.
FINANCIAL.
Oa'n's ~ON~l ST "a N rT?D MORToXGE^rASfD
life insurance policies: low rate of interest:
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery it.
NY SUM OF MONEY ADVANCED ON
your furniture, pianos or real estate; lowest
rate: call and state your proposition or write; open
evenings. J. NOoNAN. 1021 Mission st.
BICKCLES.
INDSOR BICYCLES*; STRICTLY HIGH
grade; no stamping: all lathe work;, cones
and cups fully guaranteed for 2 years. A. L. BAN-
CROFT & CO., 324 Post St., is. F. ■
T>ARK CYCLER Y-NEW WHEELS TO LET;
X best accommodations. - Terminus Geary, Ho-
AllUter and Powell it. c»r lines. ■ /?
_ ATTOKNKYS-AT-I«AvT. ~
A^^bVlCE'ißEE -"DIVORCE" "AN^rTpROBAT "k
laws a specialty; suits, superior, Justice and
Police Courts; terms reasonable: collections, etc.
O.W.HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market .cor.Stockton
m J. MURKY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
1 . law; advice free. 24 Sixth' St., rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTbRNEY-AT-LAW,42«
• California «U. mis. 14-14: advice free.
BUILDINU AND LOAN ASSOCIATION.
pO^TTN^jfT^CL^B^JILbTN^rXNDnEoTN^
\J sociation— Home office, 322 sausorne st., S. F.
General savings & Loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pres.;
Oliver Kidriage V.Pr.: W Corbin, Sec.<fcGen.M»a
TO EXCHANGE.
H"OUSE WA"xTED"fN ~EX cIia^NGE^FOR" 2
park lots; difference In cash. Aplly T. 8., box
48, Call Office. . . .
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL KINDS BOUGHT, BOLD, EXCHANGED^
rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 206 Fourth st.
V:~ ; : : ."'. T ' ;V *- CITY REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE. ~^~
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
4 MONTGOMERY ST.
LARGE LOTS, $400 TO $1250.
Park aye., facing Buena Vista Park; 25*122:6.
$1200 each: 26:6x135. $1250. each; fine view;
Park aye. macadamized; lots level.'
TILDEN-ST. LOTS. : A" V
25x125, $00 each: near 15th and Castro sts. '
NX. cor. 16th and Flint sts., just above Castro;
50x58:6. $900, fine view; or 58:6x90, $1550; or
corner 58:6x165.
Tilden St.: 38 feet front; just above Castro, bet.
15th and 16th; $000. _ . .
CC, BEMIS.
. REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY BT.
FOR SALK.
$7200 rent a year — Brick building; business
property on Market st. • ' ' " „ "
120x196-NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or In subdivisions. : •■.,';'
$11,000— Cor. Pacific aye. and Baker St.: 55x
137:6 feet.
$2000— E. side of stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— sun Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet. -:..;;.
50x127:6 feet on Jatksou St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
. $6000—2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137 :b feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed bouse on Harrison it.,
bet. First ana Fremont. ■•
$400— Lot on Duncan st., bet. Isoo and Castro: 25
xl 14. feet. - • ...-,.
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
TV"O INTEREST! NO INTEREST! NO IN-
-li terest! $250 to $350; 80 lots near 'Mission-
st. electric read: cars every few minutes; $5
down and $5 per month; no interest; closing out
tract of 126 lots. • .
I JONES, ALLEN & CO., 630 Market st.
2 LOTS QPP. TERMINUS OF VALENCIA-ST.
£i cable-cars; will sell very cheap for cash.
JONES, ALLEN & CO., 630 Market St.
ffij9XA TO $500 EACH FOR BEST LOTS
<P — O\J S. of the Parkin boulevard blocks: grand
oCean boulevard is now being macadamized by
the Park Commissioners; will sell for $5 down and
$5 per month for a short time only.
JONES, ALLEN & CO.* 630 Market st.
Cj. "1 OX FOR NICE LEVEL LOTS NEAR
<Wl-j^U Fruitvale aye.. East Oakland; ready for
building; $5 down and $5 per month; no interest.
JONES, ALLEN & CO., 630 Market st.
rpOBUY, SELL OR EXCHANGE REAL ES-
-1 tate and buiiness of every description. A. J.
PROPER & CO., real estate, 626 Mrkt, downstairs.
£.1 WEEKLY-GOOD BERKELEY LOTS,
<J)1 $100-Lot 100x100; $1 weekly; steep and
cheap.
$175— Lot 25x135; $1 weekly.
$250— Lot 26x100; $1 weekly: sewered.
$325— Lot 25x100; $1 50 weekly : macadamized.
$250— Creek corner. 40x100; $1 weekly.
$150— Lot, 24x100: $1 weekly.
CIIAS. A. BAILEY, 46 Market st., or Berkeley
station, Berkeley.
VTEW HOUSE: 5 ROOMS AND ATTIC AND
-»■' bath; modern improvements; Jersey st. ; nr.
Douglass. Apply WM. PLANT, cor. 24th and
Douglass. ■ r- :
')( \(\ IF SOLD TO-DAY: THIS LOT IS
til? — \J\J worth double; 2 blocks south of the
park; rush or installments; title insurance; see
owner at once. 9 Powell st., room 3.
HOUSES BUILTSISO TO *27S A ROOM, CALL
and examine lan% 1 149 Mission st.
T AKEVIEW LOTS; NEAR NEW RACE-
XJ track; low prices; easy terms. THEMcCAK-
THY CO.. *.w>iM.irkei st.
COIKTKI KEAL. ESTATi,.
ffi; 1 O- PER ACRE! ~~
tJJMZiO PRUNE ORCHARD ALHOST GIVEN
AWAY; 66 acres of prunes and almonds, 7 years
old, that will compare with any orchard in the
State; soil, water, climate, shipping, all lirst class:
this is the best buy in California. For further par-
ticulars apply to BOVEE.TOY <& CO., 19 Moat-
gomery st.
LL IN FRUIT AND TABLE GRAPES KIT
10 acres; only : mile from town; 373 .> acres;
fine improvements: pears, peaches, prunes, ri S8 ;
will Income at least $1500 clear; a large list of per-
sonal property reduced from $14,000 to $8000 to
make quick sale; Al creek bottom corn land: half
cash. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City; inquire at 632
Market St., S. F.
ORANGE BLOSSOM COLONY, '. ~
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
Beautiful young oranse groves in tracts of 5 acres
and upward, lying along the Stanislaus River, two
and a half miles from Oakdale, the principal station
of the Southern Pacific Railroad on the line between
cjtocKton and Pierced. The Stanislaus and San
Joaquin Irrigation Company's canal runs directly
through the colony and the property has a per-
petual water right.
We are prepared to sell portions of the property
either unimproved or already planted to Washing-
ton Navels, Mediterranean Sweets and Maltese
Bloods. The property is under the immediate
direction and care of an experienced horticulturist,
who has received diplomas and medals at eight
different county fairs in the State and for a small
consideration cares lor the orange groves for non-
residents.
A high and dry country, with a perfect natural
drainage system. All kinds of small game near by
affords exiellent sport for hunters.
Prices for land. including a perpetual water rlsht
ana planted to orange trees, *175 per acre. Unim-
proved land witn fully paid up water rights. $70
per acre. Terms: The purchase price payable in
six annual payments, without Interest; title per-
fect and liberal discount for cash.
1- or lurcher particulars, maps and catalogues, ad-
dress
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
636 Market Street.
San Francisco. CaL
Or F. T. KNEWING, our representative.
Oakdale, CaL
T7IOR SALE OR TRAi)E-160-AORE GRAIN
X ranch: all fenced: comfortable buildings; near
Tiptoii.Tulare County: price *6000. PHILBRICK
iV CO., 2548 Folsom, near Twenty-second,
AKIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land , no irrigation; both rail anil water
transportation; $40 to $75Deracre; terms made
to suit; send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
TO 8 ACRE CHICKK.N RANCHES ON 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING. Sonoma City.Cai.
Q END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
iorgale. WOOSTER A- WH ITTi »X. San Jose.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9QB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOME 160 ACREsi HOUSE, o¥-
chard, vineyard, fine fruit land; excellent
water: for $6 per acre; small rjavments; easy in-
stallments. Address WARNER '& CO., 465 Ninth
St., Oakland.
I^OR SALE— MODERN HOUSE 8 ROOMS IN
X the most beautiful part of Oakland: lot 50x
100; improvements every: desirable for good
home. C. W. GROSS. 1334 Klrkham st. -
© I f\(\ LOTS"AT FRUITVALE STATION;
tip IUU. come to-day. LODGE <fe POWELL.
ARGE LIST OF CHOICE CITY AND COUN-
try property for sale and exchange. See E. E.
BUXCK, 1008 Broadway, Oakland.
Y> ETIRING MERCHANT WISHES TO TRADE
X this grocery business for a 25-acre ranch, near
Hayuards or San Leandro. For full particu-
lars address box 4. Call Office, Oakland.
©On MONTHLY FOR 5-ROOM COTTAGES-
tjp._U plans free. F. BOEGLE. Golden Gate statn.
iIJ-1 CA LOTS NEAR THE ALTJENHEIM IN
VD-LUKJ. Fruitvale; electric cars; only $1 down
and $1 a week: selling fast: rood improvement*.
H. B. PINXEV. owner. 902 Broadway. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA KEA't. KSTAXE. .
•ft-i-ROn HOL;iK °P 8 ROOMSpMODERxI
tH)tOV/U. near narrow-gauge station: street im-
proved northwest corner; former price $6000.
$1000; lot 50x200; street improved; former
price $1500.
T. F. BAIRD, Real Estate and Insurance, 1303
Park st., Alameda. :
99flft $50 CASH, $22 50 MONTHLY: 6
tID— — UV. rooms and bath: perfectly new cot-
tage.
$2400— N0 cash; $20 monthly; 37:6x100: new
cottage. / .
$3000-SM) cash: $30 monthly; 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath; handsome new cottage. ' -
$3250-S2OO cash, $30 monthly: 33x100; ele-
gant cottage on principal driveway; 6 rooms and
bath.
$3500— cash, $35 monthly: 33:4x100;
handsome colonial cottage: 7 rooms and bath.
MARCUSE & REMMKL. Bay-st. station, Ala-
meda, and 628 Market St., San Francisco.
SEVEN-ROOMED COTTAGE FOR SALE—
All modern improvements. 1901 Buena Vista
aye.. corner Lafayette. Alameda.
*& 1 (\{\ DOWN —ELEGANT NEW 5-ROOM
JL VV modern cottage in center of city, close to
school and station; lot 35x150; price $2250. For
immediate sale Alameda Land Company, 1500'
Park st., Alameda. ■ : . ■ .-
SANTA CLARA COUNTY.
KEAL ESTATE.
QANTA CLARA VALLEY LANDS.
19,1100 acres In ' subdivision! for fruit planting.
Apply to C. H. PHILLIPS, proprietor
-, 82 East' Santa Clara st., San Jose, Cal.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
A WEEKLY CALL, la wrapj>er, for mailing
MAKKUCK 1,1 CENSES
The following marriage licenses wore Issued by
the County ClerK's office yesterday:
Wallace A. Bayen and Susan Canepa, 26—34.
Albert J. Cox and Mary A. Carroll. SB—
. Lars P. Anderson and Louisa A. Palozzl. 32—
Nils H. Olsson and Sophie A. Enimmgton, 35— SI. 1 -
-IJIVOKCK PBOCJSJBOXMOS.
Complaints filed:
Anna L. Pendergast against J. F. Penclcrgast.
Frank Davis against Nellie B. Davis.
Divorce grant :
Margaret Foley from Thorn Foley, for cruelty
and failure to provide; by Judge Uebbard.
Action for alimony ;
Paul Heinecke ordered to pay Frances B.
Heinecke, defendant and cross-complainant, $50
alimony and counsel fees pending Trial. *
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES — DEATHS.
BORN.
BICKERSTAFF-In this city. January 17, 1896,
to the wife of Joseph BickerstaiT. a son. :
RAPHAEL— In Lorin, January 10, 1898, to the
wife of J. G. Raphael,- it sou.'
SAVERY— In this city, January 15, 1896, to the
wife of William Savery, a son.
3IAUUIED.
DODEL—EGER— In this city, January 7, 1896,
by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Hans Dod el and
Bertha Epf-r.
KEYER— CLARK— In this city. January 5, 1896.
by the Rev. Father Stokes, Charles J. Keyer of
Louisville, Ky., and Mary E. Clark of San Fran-
cisco.
MORSE— MUIR— In this city, January 16,1896,
by the Rev. Dr. Dille. Elbert B. Morse and Laura
L. Muir. both of Oakland. . ._ 
DIED.
Beale, Elizabeth — Johanson. Johan B.
Bollinger. Mourning E. Levy, Isaac H. .
Clark, Anna . . . Long, John H.
Conradt, Helene '-'• Lot>ez, Joseph
Draper. F. A. >.' . Lynch. John
Ertola, Atonietta McLaughlin. Ross
Fougere, Francois E. Magee, Richard R.
Gilman, Eliza D. . .Marum. Pauline A.
Gorman, James E. Paton, Lizzie
Hughes, Joseph B. Walters, John
Wittrock. Thles
BKAI.E— In Oakland, January 17. 1896. Elizabeths
beloved wife of Rev. W. T. Bea!e, and mother of
W. W. and J. P. Beale, Mrs. C. H. stcjtinan and
Mrs. a. J. MacMurtry, a native of England, aged
73 years.
V Friends an,l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of her daughter. Mrs. C. H. Stegman, 1014 Mag-
nolia street. Interment private.
BOLLINGER— In this city, January 16, 1896.
Mourning E., beloved wife of Frank Bollineer.
sister of Mrs. Hattie Bird, Mrs. Nancy LittlerteW
and Rice Soinnwood, and aunt of Edith and
Jeannette Brown, a native of -St. Joseph, Mo.,
• SSf Friends are respectfully Invited to Attend
the funeral TO-MOKKUW (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
p. m. from her late residence, 1319 Twenty-fifth
street, • Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CLARK— In- Santa Barbara, January 12. 1898,
Anna Clark, beloved wife of John Clark of Stew-
arts Point, and mother of Mrs. Flllle I'iske. a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 60 years 8 months and 9
days. ' . ■
Friends and acquaintances an" resDect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lors of H. C. Porter <fe Co.. 122 Eddy street.
Interment I. O. O. V. Cemetery.
CONRADT— In this city, January 17, 1596,
II clone, beloved wife of H.Julius Conradt. and
Bister of Hermann Loewenstein, a native of Ger-
many, aged 36 years and 6 months.
JBf9"Friends ana acquaintances are resoect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. v... from her late
residence, 2016 Geary street. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.
DRAPER— In this city, F. A. Draper, a native of
New York, aged 76 years.
ERTOLA— In this city, January 17. 1896. Antonl-
etta, dearly beloved daughter of Joseph and
Josephine Ertola, a native of San Francisco, aged
7 months and 10 days.
•S*Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her parents, 1508 Dupont street,
thence to the Italian Cemetery.
FOUGERE— In this city, January 17, 1896, Fran-
cois Elysee Fougere. beloved " father of Emile
Fougere of Vallejo and Mrs. More- of ban Fran-
cisco, a native of France. aged 80 years and 3
months, f Vallejo papers please copy. |
JO"Frien<ls and acquaintances are r^sDeet •
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday).- a' -Si o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
; dence or his niece. 831 sixteenth avenue, between
i P and Q streets, South San Francisco. Interment
: Masonic Cemetery.
; J.MAN— Near Mount Hr-milton, January 14,
1896, Eliza D. Oilman, beloved mother of' Mrs.
K. Moore. Mrs. P. H. Tiernun. Mrs. K. Steven-
son and George. Charles, Joseph and Henrietta
'■: man. a native of New York, aged 75 years 10
I months and 23 days.
t£g~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
j fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the par-
lors of the Union Undertaking Company, 733
Mlxslon street, near Third, san Francisco. In-
I terment Masonic Cemetery. 'j^'Mß
GORMAN— In this city. January 7. 1896, James
I Emmett, beloved son of Mary end the late James
Gorman, and brother of William and Alice < ;or-
man, Mrs G. A. Wattson and Mrs. W. L. Daws,
a native of San Francisco, aged 30 years. [Sac-
ramento papers please copy.] •
JESTFrienrts and acquaintances are reso?<r<-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), tit, 1:30 o'clock p. v.. from the resi-
dence of his mother. 1102 Scott stroet. thence to
Holy Cross Church, where services will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, commencing
at 2 p.m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
HUGHES-In this c!tr. January 16, 1896. Joseph
8., beloved son of William and surah Hughe*,
ami brother of Mrs. William Wedgwood, Mrs.
William Ilai'.inan and Willie Hughes, a native of
San Francisco, aged 19 years.
£3~Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at I :30 o'clock p. jr., from the resi-
dence of his parents, 13 Lafayette street, thence
to St. Joseph's Churcn for services, commencing
at 2 o'ciock r. v. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. /
JOHANSON— In South San Francisco, January
17, 1896, Joban Bernhard, beloved and eldest
son of Nils and Johanna Johanson. and brother
of Eddie and Jalmo Johanson, a native of «an
Francisco, aged 19 years 3 months and 20 days.
43~ Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of his parents, corner Thirteenth aveniie and 1*
street South. Interment 1. O. O. F. Cemetery.
LEVY— In this city, January 16, 1896, Isaac H.,
beloved husband of Johannah Levy, and father
of Meyer H. Levy, a native of Prussia, aged 58
years and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the Pacific
Hebrew Home, corner Silver avenue and Mis-
sion road. Interment Home of Peace Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
LONG— In this city, January 15, 1896, John Har-
. vey, beloved son of James S. and Mary A. Long,
aged 5 months and 24 days.
LOPEZ— In West Berkeley. January 17. 1898,
Joseph, beloved son of Joseph M. and Hannah
Lopez, and brother of Alphonse Lopez and John
and Charles Rooney. a native of West Berkeley,
aged 19 years 9 months and 26 days.
ft.'*" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from the residence
of his parents, corner San Pablo avenue' and
Delaware street, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
wnere a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of his soul, commencing at
10:30 o'clock a. m. . Interment St. Mary's Ceme-
tery, Oakland. ■
LYNCH— In this city, January 17, 1896. John
Lynch, beloved brother of Mary Ann Dore and
Michael Lynch, and uncle of .Mrs. Nora Freese,
aged 81 years.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city, January 16, 1896,
Rose, beloved wife of Michael McLaughlin.
mot her of T.W. and E. A. Magtiire. Mrs. J. J. Ryan
and Jin. George Murphy, sister-in-law of Ed-
ward and John Mclaughlin, end sister of Henry
Connelly of Vallejo, a native of Ireland, aged 57
years. ■- :..-.' v
Friends of the family am respectfully In-
vited to attend the funeral TOMORROW (Sun«
day), at 7:30 o'clock a. if., from her late resl-
. nee, 217 Langton street, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a solemn requiem mass will be
celebrated for. the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 8 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
MARUM— In Oakland, January 17, 1896, Pauline
Asnus, beloved and only daughter of Thomas C.
and MaryMarum, a native of ban Francisco, aged
16 years and 11 months. [Walla Walla and
Seattle papers piease copy.]
BUT Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Sunday), at 12:30
o'clock p. M., from the residence of her parents,
1263 East Eleventh avenue, thence to St. Fran-
cis de sales Church, 1 :1 5 o'clock p. v. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery, San Francisco,
' by. 2 o'clock p. v.. boat.
MAGEE— In Nicasio, January 15, 1896. Richard
Rutherford Magee, a native of Ireland, aged 77
years. 1
*S~Fnend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence .In Nicasio. Interment Cypress Hill
Cemetery, Petaluraa.
PATON— In the City and County Hospital, Janu-
ary 17. 1896, Lizzie Paton. aged 38 years.
. WALTERS— In Alameda, January 17. 1896. John,
beloved husband of Eiohy Walters, and brother
"of Mrs. Lewis, a native of Birmingham, Eng-
land, aged 32 years.
WITTROCK— In this city. January 17, 1893, Thles
Wittrock. a native of Germany, aged 80 years. ■
™ UNITED .UNDKKTAKEItS! l-
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for Flr3t-cla»s Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. ■
l- Telephone 3167. 27 and 29 Fifth street. <
I McAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FTJNKRAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKHV, .
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 8080. J
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TNBANMATEOCOVNTV: NON-SECTARIAN*
X laid out on the lawn plan: perpetual care; beatH
Uful, permanent and easy of access; tee it oaf or*
baying a burial place elsewhere.
Vitjr Oj)f#, 9 City {?»}] A,^ u%
1516
HAMMOND IN
GREAT DANGER
Governor Budd Appeals to
President Cleve
land.
PROTECTION DEMANDED.
Apprehension That Hammond
May Be Imprisoned for
Many Years.
BRITISH PRISONERS RELEASED.
The President Urged to Resent Dis
crimination Against Americans
in South Africa.
The conduct of President Kruger in re-
Jeasing English prisoners and sending
them to London far trial, and at the same
time holding American prisoners in close
confinement, is changing the current of
public sympathy in this country for the
Boers. While Americans stand ready to
applaud people for resisting invasion, and
particularly British invasion, they will not
submit without protest to discrimination
anywhere or by any people against Ameri
cans.
What was h'rst thought to be wild rumor,
the product of excitement, to the effect
that John Hays Hammond and other
Americans were in great danger, now
turns out to be fact, corroborated by sev
eral messages direct from South Africa.
It is almost incredible that President
Krucer. a native of Pennsylvania, who
served in the Union army during the war,
should so far forget this country as to sin
gle out American citizens for oppression,
but the President may be surrounded by
officious underlings who have poisoned his
mind and misrepresented the facts.
All classes of people in California are
anxious that Governor Budd and Pres
ident Cleveland should take measures as
promptly and effectively as possible to
protect the lives and property of American
citizens.
It is gratifying to citizens to know that
the wires are carrying messages of appeal
for fair dealing.
At this time the telegraphic correspon
dence possesses the greatest interest. To
rveyor-General R. V. Hammond tbis
dispatch came from "Wiltzee in London:
Hammond in solitary confinement. His po
:no.= t critical, others all right. Strong
demand of United States Government in his
behaU necessary forthwith.
From Wiltzee (later):
(able from Connor at Johannesburg Bays:
"t'se all possible influence at Washington on
behalf of American prisoners. My fears of
their critical condition sre now confirmed.
Hammond is likely to be sentenced to several
yearn' imprisonment. I'ush Washington."
Immediately following the receipt of
this intelligence from London Colonel A.
Andrews, on behalf of the Mexican Vet
erans, sent the following to President
Cleveland :
To Grover CleveUmd, Praidatt, Washington,
D. <'.: Veterans of the Mexican War most
earnestly urpe American protection for Ameri
can citizens in South Africa. John Hays Ham
mond, a distinguished mining engineer, and
other Americans are in prison. His father
was a gallant officer in the Mexican War.
COLONEL A. ANDREWS,
Representing Mexican Veterans.
To the Governor of California tbis ap
peal was sent:
san Francisco, January 17, 1896.
•norJamet 11. Budd, Stockton, Cal.: Will
you telegraph to-nipbt urging President Cleve.
land to cable immediately to President Kruger
direct, Pretoria, Africa, in behßlf of my brother,
John Hays Hammond, and other Californians
incarcerated there. Extremely important.
Will you also take the initiative and cable
yourself to Kruger. Please answer.
R. P. Hammond.
Responding to the foregoing earnest re
quest, the Governor last night sent this
dispatch to Washington:
To the President, Orovrr Clerrland, Wathington,
P. <'.: As the chief executive officer of the
Btate of California, I most respectfully ask for
the citizens of this State, arrested and impris
oned by the authorities'of the South African
republic, the protection of the United States.
If Britisn subjects, with arms in their hands,
are allowed to be carried to England for trial,
and the Americans arrested held for trial in
South African republic, will our Government
submit to such discrimination?
James H. Budd.
To brine every possible influence to bear
General Hammond forwarded the follow
ing message:
Pax PbaSCIBCO, Jan. 17, 189 G.
Mark B. Hatch, Secretary Aztec <'hib. Washing
ton. I). C: Mining Explorer John Hays Ham
mond, Johannesburg, in danger. Englishmen
liberated. Americans imprisoned there. 1
ask club's assistance for son of the late Major
R. t. Hammond. Answer.
R. P. Hammond Jr.
The friends of Charles Butters, the Cali
fcrnian arrested in the Transvaal, are in a
•tate of gnat anxiety regarding him.
Yesterday they received word from two
different sources to the effect that he,
John Hays Hammond and six others
had been segregated from the others
under arrest and placed in solitary con
lineiuent, where their property and even
their lives were threatened. A long tele
gram to this efrect was sent to Governor
Budd last night from Berkeley urging
him to insist upon the National Govern
ment taking immediate steps to protect
NEW TO-DAY.
. RSK fe^pr«"i>rxx* l)l.ru * Cam. M>r -/JU^|
XL. Bole Prop*., Bo«ton, U.S.A. J7^|
the lives of the prisoners until at least
they had had a fair trial.
"They are not guilty; I know it,'' said
the relative of Mr. Butters last night.
"My brother has no inclination for poli
tics, and this is only part of a scheme to
work out old jealousies against successful
foreigners.
"In the present warmth of feeling these
people are quite likely to take out these
prisoners and shoot them offhand. Tnere
is no American Consul at Johannesburg,
and Consular Agent Mannion I know to
be utterly incompetent.
"The only hope for these Californians is
for Cleveland to take a strong stand and
see to it that American lives and rights
are protected. This is a time when the
many friends of the arrested men hope
that the press of this country will stand
by them and urge the necessity of fair
play."
It was stated by Mr. Butters' friends
that the reports were meager, owing to dis
organization among the wires and heavy
expense. Each word cost over two dollars
to transmit from Johannesburg to the I'a
cilic Coast.
THE TRADES UNIONS.
The Granite Cutters Have Adopted a
>'ew Schedule of Prices For
Their Work.
C. Landstrom, D. Nordstrom and G. L.
Holmes were formally seated in the Trades
Council last evening as delegates from the
Journeymen Tailors' Protective and Be
nevolent Union.
Communications were received from
Carroll & Tilton and the Raphaels, stating
that they are not and will not purchase
an}- dry goods from the firms in Rochester,
N. V., who are at present at war with the
United Carment 'Workers. The council
ha.s Bent letters to all the City elothing
dealerg, asking that they discontinue pat
ronizing the Rochester linns if they are
doing so.
The council is preparing for a grand
labor-union mass-meeting, which will be
held on the evening of February 14 at 1159
Mission street.
The purpose is to reunite all the trades
unions under the Trades Council. At that
meeting plans to form a basis on which
this can be effected will be discussed.
A special meeting of the granite-cutters
was held last evening to consider a
schedule of prices for work arranged at a
previous meeting. The schedule was pre
sented to all the branches of the union in
the Stats and approved. Last night the
revised list was adopted. A committee,
consisting of John Grant, James Kane, J.
Craig and J. Middleton, was appointed to
meet the leading contractors for a discus
sion of ibe adopted prices. It is believed
that the new schedule will be accepted by
the stone contractors. The committee
will report at the next meeting.
HUNTINGTON A MILKMAN
Alpers Calls California a Cow
That Is Milked Seven
Times a Day.
American Socialists Pay Their Re
spects in Fiery Terms to the
Southern Pacific.
Some heavy verbal blows were dealt at
the octopus by the American Socialists at
their regular meeting at Mozart Hall last
evening.
Mrs. Anna Smith presided. She ex
plained that J. H. Barry and other speak
ers were unavoidably absent, and that the
programme of the evening would be car
ried out on Friday evening.
The subject of discussion was "The
Southern Pacific Railroad and Its
Method?." John \V. Reynolds said:
I have some views on the subject which,
while they are shared in by the community at
large, are not approved by a body that has'the
power to do much good— the '( omrnittee of
Fifty. I was struck by the remarks of \V. 11.
Mills at the meeting of the Manufacturers'
Association, lie believes a few middlemen
might tind their interests injured, but the
great majority would be benefited by a free
public market. I wonder whether it has oc
curred to that gentleman, who is a supporter
and employe of C. P. Huntington, that the
free public railroad is a parallel ease, and that
he occupies the position of a commission man?
It is because the Southern Pacific is n glaring
example of the injury that is worked for a
community that it is chosen as the subject
to-night. With such corporations in power we
are becoming a country of masters and slaves.
You are aware that a meeting or' piotest was
held December 7 asking Congress to defeat the
funding bill, whereby Huntington aims to get
a lea*e of another fifty years of life. It is a
pity that a committee appointed by that meet
ing to carry out its will should totally disre
gard it. The act is on a par with that of Con
gressmen who ignore the expressed sentiment
of tneir constituents. Nevertheless it devolves
upon us as American socialists to continue the
agitation of the question of municipal own
ership of railroads. The monster petition
has been by no means useless, but we must
follow it up.
Dr. J. E. Scott said :
The Southern Pacific is an example of the
power of corporation:-. I doubt if any cor
poration in existence has a firmer "grasp
upon a section than it has upon California.
From a residence in Armenia I am able to com
pare the depredations of the savage Kurds
with those of the Southern Pacific. Tne South
ern Pacific is less merciful than the Mussul
mans, for its tortures, apparently more refined
are longer drawn out. 1 have "surprised my
ministerial brethren by attributing the Arme
nian sufferings to the rapacity, not the re
ligious fanaticism, of the Turks, a rapacity
fully equaled by that of the Southern Pacific.
Charles Alpers said:
There is no country the sun shines on that
has not felt the grip of railroad corporations.
Yet there is scarcely a civilized country on the
globe that has not put its government In pos
session of the railroads. There will be no
strikes when the (iovernment has control of
the railroads, for there will be no occasion for
strikes. C. X Huntington is a milker and
California a cow milked seven times a day
There Is nothing more dangerous in this world
than a congregation of rich men. It is I who
through Supervisor Taj lor. agitated the ques
tion of limitation of high buildings. Illness
and death are in the shadow the high buildlnes
cast upon the low. The Russ House is worth
$100,000 less than it was before the erection
of the Mills building. Why, men, the rich
men, will buy up the fresh air soon and charge
you two bits a smell if you don't 'look out.
tireat is your responsibility. If you vote for
the funding bill you may be not far from the
rope. You deserve it as "much as does the man
who originated it.
Barnaby Dougherty said:
You sign awp.y your own liberties. You did
so when you turned your back on greenbacks.
Mr. Shannon expressed the opinion that
there was no hope for the people from Con
gress. "Grow and organize," said he, "and
when the time cnmes that you are strong
enough take the offices yourself. This may
Bound like treason, but American patriot
ism is treason nowadays. The Nevada
people got tired of a horsethief and his
gang and got up one tine day and hum;
them. It's time for you to do something
of the kind yourself. If what Senator
Stewart says is true Grover Cleveland de
serves such a fate."
Thomas Bates predicted a revolution as
the solution for the problems that confront
laborers. "After the smoke of battle has
cleared away there will be pleasanter
homes ana more of peace," said he.
Mrs. Anna Smith protested against revo
lutionary sentiments. "Knowledge of our
needs will bring about desired changes
without a drop of blood being shed," she
eaid, and dismissed the meeting.
The Empress of China has a great pas
ion for jewels. It used to be llleeal for a
Chinese woman to wear diamonds, but the
present Empress changed all that by per
sisting iv her fancies.
Reasonable, rapid, reliable printers and
biftderjj. The MywltEolJjjiß Co 0 gac^T* * *
THE SAN FRAJSTCISCQ CALL, SATURDAY, JANUARY 18, 1896.
TO-DAY'S PROTEST
AGAINST FUNDING
Delegates to the Great
Convention Have
Arrived.
THOSE WHO WILL SPEAK.
Mayor Sutro Thinks Some Have
Been Influenced to Stay
Away.
PROGRAMME OF THE MUSIC.
Some Strong Arguments That Will Be
Advanced by Mayor Davie of
Oakland.
Those who attend the great anti-funding
bill convention at Metropolitan Temple,
which begins at 10 o'clock this morning,
will hear some of the foremost opponents
of President Huntington of the Southern
Pacitic Company tell the audience why the
bill should be defeated and how the object
can be accomplished if the people stand
together and demand from Congress the
action that the committee of fifty believes
the people of California have the right to
expect.
The delegates, who come from all parts of
the State— one from this county and many
from that — began to drop in yesterday and
a number called on Mayor Sutro to confer
with him and learn just what action is ex
pected to be taken. Dr. Robert Brown of
Sacramento, who heads a delegation from
that place, had a long conversation with
the Mayor and told him many things re
garding the feeling? of the people of the
capital city that pleased the chief execu
tive and some that did not.
He said that there was no questioning
the fact that the people of Sacramento are
almost unanimous against Huntington
and the funding bill, but that through
fear of the railroad power and influence
many are afraid to express their senti
ments, believing that some punishment
will surely be visited on them if they do.
This aroused the Mayor and he declared
that tiie days of the railroad power were
about over, and that in the near future the
citizens of California could lift their hrads
and voices and call their souls their own
without fearof consequences.
"As matters now stand,' he said, "we
are in a worse condition than we would be
if a foreign fleet or army was at <uir doors.
A foreign enemy might bombard San
Francisco and burn afew houses or destroy
a few crops, but with the octopus we nave
an enemy that is slowly strangling us and
giving us no chance to ii^ht back.
"That enemy must be defeated this time
or we will lie slaves for the next fifty years.
I cannot understand the apathy of tlie
people in this matter. They must know
what they are coming to with the ventila
tion Huntington's schemes have had in the
press, and yet they stand idly and allow
the saddle in whicii Huntington will ride
for lift}' years to be fastened on their
backs.
"The railroad has been working to choke
off this convention and may succeed in
keeping some delegates away, but the re
sult will be the same — we shall have
prominent men enough, who can neither
be bullied nor bought into staying away, to
show Congress the feeling on tnis coast,
and that is ail we want. Of course the
public will be there, and I expect to see a
crowd that will not be able to get into the
galleries.
"It may be that the railroad will send
some of its hirelings to disturb the con
vention, but that will only have the effect
of helping us, as it will show what desper
ate straits the octopus has arrived at.
"Governor Buud has been asked to pre
side over the convention, but as vet we
have had no word from him."
A number of speakers have been selected
for the occasion, among them being John
T. DoyJe, Henry E. liighton, Morris M.
Kstee, J. M. Bassett, Mayor Davie of Oak
land and Taylor Rogers.
The music for the occasion will be fur
nished by Cassasa's bana, and the pro
gramme is as follows:
Overture, "Americiin'' ratlin
March, "King Cotton" " souza
"Red, White and Blue" ."
"cocbanut I>an<-e" Herman
Waltz, "Jolly Fellows" " Vollstedl
Selection, '•Plantation Echoes" ..'„' conierno
"Marching Through (irorgla".
Galop, "Old Time's r0ach"... ..'..".'.'.'.'." ".'. '" Vianno
Mayor Pavie of Oakland, who will lie one
of the principal speakers will have many
arguments to advance against the passage
of the bill. In a recent interview he said :
I am opposed to any refunding bill said
Mayor Davit. The Central Pacific should be
compelled to pay up when its obligations fall
due, or the Government should take the road
and operate It as a public highway. Here the
Government is now endeavoring to borrow
$100,900,000 for ihirty years at 4 per cent
and it proposes tinder this funding bill to give
the railroad company the loan of $H<>,ooo 000
fur 100 years at 2 per cent. This is a character
of favoritism that is totally unjust.
It the Government cannot make the Central
Pacific come to terms' then let it step in and
pay the h"r.-t mortgage bonds of $27,000 000
and take the road for .the amount of the gov
ernmental indebtedness. The (Jovernment
ought to operate the road as the State of New
} urk does the Erie canal. The State built the
water-way and appointed collectors to collect
nuleaKe tolls from every vessel that navigated
the canal. The vessels took, out a license and
were charged so much for every mile. Xow if
every community, district or individal on the
1 acihc Coast were given the same privileges in
operating trains over the Central Pacific Rail
road it would result in a material reduction in
the cost of transportation. Motive-power com
panies would be formed to haul trains from
the various sections, and every neighborhood
could join in the ownership of one or more
Take, for instance, Fresno, with its rnisins
>apa and Sonoma counties and the Livermore
valley, with their wines. Haywards would
have its own fruit train. The}- could have slow
or fast freight, just as the shipper pleased. On
the Erie canal there are a dozen or more tow
ing companies who pay the State of New York
so much for the privilege of operating on that
waterway. They charge vessels so much pec
mile and the system lias proved very satisfac
tory ami transportation is very low.
Let the same principle be applied to the
Central I'aciiic if it is operated by the Govern
ment. It would prove to be a great advertise
ment for the Pacific Coast and the people of
this Mate could get their products to market
with some margin left over the cost of trans
portation to repay them for their labor ex
pended and capital invested. The (Jovernment
ought to own all the great rail highways be
tween the Pacific and the Atlantic. We do not
want any refunding, whatever happens. The
burdens borne by the people of this State on
account of the railroad rates are already too
heavy, and the idea of continuing them unto
the next two generations should not even be
thought of.
UNION LEAGUE CLUB.
New Board Elects Officers— The Presi
dent Appoints Committees.
The new board of directors of the Union
League Club, consisting of George Stone,
D. T. Cole, S. W. Backus, C. M. Short
ridge. Harry N. Gray, Charles G. Clinch,
J. C. Currier, Reed Jones, W. D. Sanborn,
George H. Pippey and Frank A. Vail, met
Jast night and organized. George Stone
was elected president; Charles M. Short
ridge, tirst vice-president; D. T. Cole, sec
ond vice-president; George H. Pippey, sec
retary, and Charles G. Clinch, treasurer.
President Stooe, on as.su.ming office, an
nounced the following standing commit
tees:
Auditing and finance committee— J. C.
Vail" 61 " (chairman )- s - w - Backus and F. A.
House committee-Harry X. Gray (chair
man), Reed Jones and W. D. Sanborn.
Committee on political action— lrving M.
Scott (chairman), H. B. Carpenter. M. H. Hecht,
Wendell taston, Harry X. Gray, Robert A.
Friednch and M. Coonev.
Speaking of the second contest in the
club, President Stone said last evening
that his election had no bearing whatever
on the canvass of any candidate for the
I nited States Senate. While the club
would take an active part in the next cam
paign as a supporter of the Republican
cause, National and State, and even local,
the organization would not indorse any
man for nomination. Members of the
club, as individuals, would, of course, be
free to express their preference, but the
club would keep out of all factional and
personal controversies.
Since the election last Tuesday fourteen
new applications for membership have
been received.
It is known that President Stone gave
earnest consideration to the selection of
the committee on political action, and
[ ien(is of the new administration predict
that the committee will exercise more than
ordinary influence in the next political
campaign.
BANKS IN SALOONS.
How the Salvation Army Raised Money
to Pay for Christinas
Dinners.
The Salvation Army Christmas banks
which were placed in different saloons and
offices throughout the City have proved
quite a financial success. The money col
lected in these banks has been used in de
fraying the expenses of the Christmas din-
HENRY E. DESMARIES, ARRESTED IN UTXCA, N. V.. YESTERDAY FOR
FORGING CHECKS ON SAN FRANCISCO BANKS.
[From his photograph in the Jlogues' Gallery.]
ner and assisting tbe worthy poor women
and children, a great many of whom would
have otherwise known nothing of good
cheer.
It is only a few days since the banks were
taken to headquarters. Their contents, to
gether with the collections made at the
Inglesirte racetrack, amounted to several
hundred dollars, and the army is warm in
praise of the kindness shown by the pro
prietors of the different establishments
where the banks were placed.
COOPERS ON A STRIKE
They Refuse to Accept a Reduc
tion in the Rate of Their
Wages.
The Pacific Cooperage Company Wanted
to Make a Cut of 10 to 20 Per
Cent.
The Pacific Woodenware and Cooperage
Company, whose factory is on Sixth and
Channel streets, has become involved in
serious trouble with about two dozen of its
employes, who are now out on a strike for
the old rate of wages. Last evening the
difficulty was taken up by the Journeymen
Coopers' Union and the Trades Council.
Unless the company straightens out the
matter before long it will lind that it h;is
locked horns with the entire labor element.
From what could be learned it seems
that about twenty-four members of the
Coopers' Union were employed in the com
pany's mills doing piecework.
Last week the foreman announced that
the company had decided upon rnakinc a
general reduction upon all work done by
the piece. This reduction amounted to from
10 to 20 per cent, and the operatives de
cided that they would not accept the new
rate of wages offered by the company.
The executive committee of the Coopers'
Union was sent for immediately, and the
stand taken by the operatives was indorsed
and the men ordered to quit work. Every
man took off his apron and walked out
without further remarks.
A. special meeting of the Journeymen
Coopers' Union was called for last night,
and a good attendance was the result.
The striking coopers stated their griev
ances, and said that before the reduction
they were not mating more than a living.
Machine piecework, they said, is always
more or less uncertain, and the profits of
several weeks' steady work are always
eaten up by a few days' or a week's en
forced idleness while waiting for work. To
have accepted a reduction in their wageß
of from 10 to 20 per cent would be the next
thing to starving to death, especially when
the cut takes place in the dull months of
the winter, when work at its best is always
more or less uncertain.
The executive committee also made a re
port of the part it had taken in ordering
the men out on a strike. After listening
to these statements the union decided to
uphold the strikers, and its delegate to the
Trades Council went into that body, whicn
was in session in the same building, and re
ceived further indorsement.
It is stated that unless the company
straightens out the troubles before long
other union men in its employ will be
called out.
All Agree.
GREAT AMERICAS IMPORTING TEA CO.
Sells Crockery, Chinawiire, Glassware and
Tinware.
CHEATEST OF ALL. TRY THEM.
Very Pretty Dishes. - Very; Cheap . Prices.
62 Market street, S. P., Headquarters.
BRANCH STOKES EVERYWHERE.
CLEVER CROOK CAUGHT
He Forged Certified Checks on
the Anglo-California
Bank.
JUST OUT OF SAN QUENTIN.
Coincidences That Point to His Connec
tion With the $22,000 Nevada
Bank Swindle.
Captain Lees has a fine collection of newly
forged checks, cashed by one of the clever
est swindlers going. Some coincidences
between them and their cashing and the
big $22,000 bank swindle of last month
may develop the fact that the man who
carried it out has been caught. The
Pinkertons yesterday arrested in Utica,
N. V., the forger of Captain Lees' checks,
which were drawn on the Anglo-California
Bank.
On the 31st of December, 1895, a man
representing himself to be H. Dean went
to the office of Cook & Sons, tourist agents
in Chicago, and purchased from John
Hutchinson, the manager, a European
ticket and a letter of credit. In payment
he presented a check drawn in the name
of E. B. Rambo in favor of H.
Dean on the Anglo-California Bank of this
City for $18L'O. E. B. Kambo is manager
here for the Winchester Repeating Arms
Company. The check was certified as cor
rect by Philip N. Lilientbal, cashier of the
Anglo-California Bank.
Hutcbinson sent the check in here to
Charles E. Stokes, agent for Cook & Sons,
under the Palace Hotel, and he in turn
deposited it to his own account at the
Crocker-Woolworth Bank. "When the
check was presented to the Anglo-Cali
fornia Bank through the Clearing-house
last Wednesday it was immediately pro
nounced a forgery. Not only wasßambo's
name forged, but that of Lilfenthal.
Captain Lees was telephoned for, and
he went down and made an examination
and immediately telegraphed to W. A.
:md Robert Pinkerton at Chicago and New
York. They act in all such cases for the
Hankers' Association. This telegram was
followed up with other information, and
Captain I>ees became certain, from the
description of Dean, that he was one
Henry EjDesmaries. Then came a tele
gram from the Pinkertons that Dean had
attempted to negotiate the letters of credit
in Boston January 10. Yesterday Pinker
ton telegraphed as follows: "Dean arrested
Utica, N. V., this morning; has Cook's
ticket on person."
In answer to this Captain Lees tele
graphed his congratulations, and sug
gested that as the owners of both forged
names reside here it would be better to
prosecute Desmaries here.
Captain Lees, in explaining how he came
to be certain that Dean was Desmaries,
said that in ISM one Henry E. Desmaries,
acleikin the Oriental Banking Corpora
tion of London, left its employ. Shortly
after he turned up under the name of John
Boyce in New York at the office of Laidlaw
& Co., the agents of the Bank of California,
and presented a let-cr of credit for £30.000.
While clerk in the Dank he had extracted
some blanks and liledoneout. With that
letter of credit he obtained from Laidlaw
it Co. £5000. From there he tied to Paris,
where he had forirerly been a bank clerk.
Laidlaw's people determined that Boyce
was Desmaries and- got on his track, with
the result that he A-as arrested and taken
to England.
He pleaded gniJt/ to the charge at the
Old Bailey, and through the influence of his
relatives and on account of the trouble it
would taKe to bring witnesses from New
York, he was sentenced to only four
months' imprisonment. His father is a
distinguished just.cc in the Island of
Mauritius.
An P^nglish family came to this country
many years before and settled in New Jer
sey, where two daughters were born. The
family returned to England and there one
of them was married to Desmaries while
he was in the bank.
After the expiration of his sentence Des
maries came to San Francisco accompanied
by his wife, sister-in-law anu one child.
In March. 1894, he was sentenced to two
and a half years in San Quentin for a clever
attempt to swindle Hellman Brothers &
Co., private bankers, out of £2500 on a
forged letter of credit. This time he came
under the name of John Matheson. \Y hen
he was arrested for this he had gone with
his family to Oroville and there had agreed
to purchase a ranch from Superior Judge
Grey. To pay for it he drew a draft for
some $7000 on his father, the Judge in
Mauritius, and the draft and deeds were
placed In escrow to await collection. On
his arrest the deed was returned to Judce
Grey. b
Desmaries went to San Quentin for the
Hellman forgery, and was released from
there en the 13th of last November. While
in prison he made the acquaintance of a
young convict, who gave him a letter of
introduction to an uncle in this City, a
poor workingman. Desmaries immediately
worked off a forged check for $10 on the
uncle. This check was signed with the
name of E. B. Rambo, the same name
signed to the check presented to Cook <fc
Sons in Chicago December 31.
On the same day, December 7, he went
to N. Friedman «fe Co. of this City with a
forged check in his own favor, purporting
on its face to be certified and drawn on
the Anglo-California Bank. They knew
his history, but he cozened them into be
lieving that he really intended to reform.
He purchased from them a lot of furni
ture with which he said he was going to
start a hotel up in, the country, and paid
for it with the check. There was a balance
of some $30, which he received in cash.
Captain Lees said that he believed that
Desmaries went East on the evening of
December 7 on the money he had raised.
"I was struck, of course, with the name
Dean, and the possibility of Desmaries'
connection with the check of the bank of
Woodland on the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank raised from $12 to $22,000 last month
by a man going under the name of A.
H. Dean," he said..
"But from the description sent us of the
Chicago Dean he is nothing like the man
who took the office in the Chronicle build
ing and presented that check. Of course,
it is a singular coincident that that forcer
went under the name of A. H. Dean and
Desmaries took that of H. Dean in Chi
cago."
Desmaries left San Quentin November
13, worked off the forged checks of $10 and
$fi^s on December 7. December 31 he pre
sented the forged check in Chicago.
A. H. Dean took an office in the
Chronicle building December 4, went to
Woodland December 9, two days after Des
maries swindled Friedman it Co., and
obtained a check from the Bank of Wood
land for $12 on the Crocker-Woolworth
Bank. This he raised to $22,000, deposited
it in the Nevada Bank, and on the 18th
of December drew the amount out.
ALONG THE HER FRONT
Narrow Escape of the River
Steamer Mary Garrett
Last Thursday.
W. Colnon Attempted to Convince the
President of the Harbor
Commissioners.
The river steamer Mary Garrett had a
very narrow escape in the southeaster iast
Thursday night. Her engine-rooms were
Hooded, and it was only the heroic work
of the firemen that kept steam enough on
the boilers to get the vessel out of the
heavy swell.
It was a day of misfortunes for the ves
sel. On her way down from Stockton she
stuck on a mud bank for eleven hours, and
it was consequently about 6 p. m. before
she arrived here. From her dock at Wash
ington street she went to the Pacific Mail
Company's wharf to unload Hour into one
of the China steamers. The wind and sea
were too much for her, however, and the
captain determined to return to Washing
ton street. On her way back the vessel
got into the trough of the sea and rolled
so heavily that the stays of the smokestack
parted. While temporary repairs were be
ing made the waves broke over the steamer
continuously and liooded the engine-room.
Had the firemen deserted their posts at
that time tl.e chances are tnere would
have been a wreck to chronicle. As it was
the Mary Garrett got back to Washington
street wharf, and sailed for Stockton as
soon as the gale subsided.
T. P. H. Whitelaw, the wrecker, is hav
ing considerable trouble with the forty-ton
gun carriage for the Lime Point fortilira
tion. ±le got it across the bay on a lighter
all right, but the moving of ft up the hill
has proved a serious task. The heavy
rains of the past forty-eight hours have
made the ground so soft that the huge
mass of iron has sunk into the earth and a
derrick will have to be erected to raise it
onto the rollers again.
The W. J. Roach is discharging at BeaJe
street wharf, the Eulomene went to Oak
land and the Godiva has moved from Main
street to the Mail dock to linish discharg
ing. The steam schooner Caspar will be
laid up at Beale street for six weeks to get
new boilers and the Westport will receive
a thorough overhauling at Main street.
Considerable damage was done by the
rain on the Oregon dock yesterday.
Thursday night's storm opened upthe roof
of the shed and in consequence the rain
poured in on the Eastern goods awaiting
transhipment. There is likely to be con
siderable discussion between the Oregon
Railway and Navigation Company and
the Harbor Commissioners as to who shall
foot the bill for damages.
A man calling himself William Colnon
presented himself at the office of the
Harbor Commissioners yesterday and
asked to see President E. L. Colnon on
"some important matters." "Did he say
his name was Colnon?" asked the gentle
man from Stockton, and when assured
that that was the name given he remarked,
"Well, I didn't Know there was another
Colnon in existence outside of my own
family." The man was shown in and
seemed to know all about the president of
the board and his family. Just as he was
recounting some interesting incidents of
his career Chief Engineer Holmes and
Chief Wharfinger Root dropped in. They
recognized the man at once, ana as he had
not seen them they backed out and beck
oned to Mr. Colnon. About a month ago
this same man was William Holmes and
on the strength of the name he got $3 50
from the chief engineei to pay nis fare
home. A fortnight ago he was William
Root and on the same showing got $5 from
the chief wharfinger. This was all told to
President Colnon and he went back laugh
ing into the room where "William Colnon"
was sitting. A few minutes later William
asked his namesake for $"_' 50 with which
to get back home, but the president of the
Board of Harbor Commissioners, strange
to say, had not even a 5-cent piece to
spare. William retired discouraged, but
probably succeeded in gaining the confi
dence of some one else before the uigfat
was out.
RESIGNED VOLUNTARILY.
Why Secretary Cstsey of the Public
Library Left His Position.
The resignation of Secretary E. J. Casey
of the Public Library caused no surprise
among the trustees of that institution
as they had known or his intention to co
into some other line of business for more
than a year past and had experienced
some difficulty in keeping him from giv
ing up his position several months ago
The oilice was a cood one, paying $150 per
month, but Mr. Casey believed that he
could do better in other lines.
Librarian Clark said yesterday that there
was not the slightest dissatisfaction with
the manner in which the ex-secretary had
conducted his work and that his resigna
tion was a creat disappointment to the
members of the board of trustees "He
WaS i A. he^ ll^ ndal otticer of the board,"
said Mr. Ork, "but his accounts were in
every way satisfactory. 1 know that Mr.
Casey intended to resign a year ago and
that the trustees persuaded him to change
his mind.
Trustee Lilienthal also confirmed the
statement that the secretary^ resignation
was entirely voluntary
Captain de Winter Indicted.
Captain John de Winter of the ship M. P.
Grace was indicted by the Federal Grand Jury
yesterday for beating with a revolver a seaman
named Uustave Waywood while the latter was
in irons.
NEW TO-DAY.
Ordinary Shoes
hurt. Goodyear Welt Shoes don't.
Ask your dealer why. Goodyear
Welts are leather shoes, not rub-
ber. They are made in all kinds
but the poorest. All ages wear
them, both sexes.
All dealers sell them.
COODYEAR SHOE MACH'Y CO.) BOSTON
IROQUOIS AND RAILROADS
Lively Fight Among Democrats
on the Public Ownership
Question.
WILL HOLD A MASS-MEETING,
Governor "Jim" Budd to Be Asked to
Tell What He Thinks About
the Matter.
A fight was precipitated in the Iroquois
Club by the funding bill last night. C. S.
Reynolds introduced a resolution that a
mass-meeting be called under the auspices
of the club to denounce the bill, and that
Governor Budd be invited to give his ideas
on the advisability of the Government
ownership of railroads.
Mr. Reynolds spoke at length on the
subject. He told of the^nanv wrongs the
Pacific Coast had suffered through the
iniquitous greed of the Southern Pacific,
and declared that Governor Budd had
explicitly made known his opinions on
this matter so fully that his speech would
have great effect, especially as it would
have the indorsement of the Iroquois Club.
Mr. Reynolds had hardly got to his seat
before John Heenan was wildly protesting.
He declared that governments were not
able to manage railroads successfully.
Italy's railroads were a great source of ex
pense, he said, and the entire East agreed
in condemning the idea of the Government
taking the management of the Central Pa
cific. He therefore moved that all that
part of Mr. Reynolds' motion referring to
the Government ownership of railroads be
eliminated. Robert Boyd seconded Mr.
Hecnan's motion and the trouble was
started.
A half dozen men were demanding recog
nition of Chairman Gildea at once. It
soon developed that Mr. Heenan was in a
vast minority. Max Popper wanted Mr.
Reynolds' original motion carried. Mr.
Reynolds protested that it would be a very
serious mistake to have it go out through
the country that the Iroquis Club was not
prepared "to indorse the Government
ownership of a transcontinental line.
Here Isidor Jacobs presented a timely
suggestion, which met the approval of the
club, but was very distasteful to Messrs.
Heenan and Boyd. He thought Mr.
Heenan was laboring under a mistake as
to the feelings of the club. They wanted
the Government, he said, to own a trans
continental line and not to run a railroad.
He presented as an amendment to Mr.
Heenan's amendment that a committee of
three be appointed to arrange for a mass
meeting, under the anspices of the Iroquois
Club, to protest against the funding bill,
and that Governor James H. Budd be re
quested to address this meeting.
This, he said, would enable Governor
Budd to choose his own subject. Even
this did not please Mr. Heenan. He
moved that the whole matter be laid over
till the Republican Congress Lad actfd
on the funding bill. He found no one to
second his motion and Mr. Jacob's idea
was adopted without one dissenting voice.
Mr. Reynolds wanted the committee of
three instructed to request Governor Budd
to speak on "The Government Ownership
of Railroads." As the time for the special
order of business had arrived he was de
clared out of order, and Professor James
H. Simmons of the High School spoke on
the '•Educational Features of the New
Charter.""
Mr. Simmons protested particularly
against that portion of the chartei which
would require all teachers to be graduates
of the State University. This, he pointed
out, would debar graduates of Stanford
from places, and would be likely to raisa
religious troubles by discriminating against
thobe educated in sectarian schools with
out regard to their qualifications and
abilities.
Mr. Simmons was voted the thanks of
the club. Mr. Reynolds once more urgea
that "Governor Jim Budd" be asked to
speak on the "Government Ownership of
Railroads." It was decided, on Mr.
Popper's suggestion, to have him speak
instead on "The Advisability of the Gov
ernment Ownership of One Trans
continental Line," Mr. HeenAn alone
voting "no."
On Mr. Heenan's motion it was decided
to discuss as the special subject for next
Friday the advisability of the people own
ing any line of railroad.
The following committee on mass
meeting was appointed: C. A. Reynolds,
Max Popper, Senator W. H. Mead.
Taking a list of 100 pantomimes pro
duced throughout London and the prov
inces, it is seen that "Dick Whittington"
heads the list with seventeen, while "Cia
derelia" and "Robinson Crusoe" are next
with thirteen each. Last year "Babes in
the Wood" was tirst with eighteen and
"Dick Whittington" and "Cinderilla"
came next with eleven each, while in
1893-94 "Aladdin" was first with fourteen
and "Robinson Crusoe" and "Dick Whit
tington" next with twelve each.
NEW TO-DAY.
When
Paderewski
Gomes
HE WILL PLAY THE
STEINWAY
PIANO
■MAN, "CLAY & CO.,
Cor. Kearny and Sutler Sts.,
Pacific Coast Representatives.
—————————— __
HEALTH RESORTS.
ST. HELENA SANITAfIIUM
(Formerly Rural Health Retreat) -J
Is under strictly regular management; a quiet
homelike place, where trained nurses, rest cure'
massage, electrical treatments, Swedish move^
moms, dieting, baths, physical training, and ail
that is included in modern rational medical treat-
ment, with good hotel conveniences, pure water
even temperature and restful scenery may b<!
obtained.
Terms: Room, with board and resular treat-
mem, 13 to ?'_>O per week. ,
Send for circular: St. Helena Sanitarium, St.
Helena, Napa County, (Jal.
Trains leave San Francisco, foot of Market st.
at 7 a. m. and 4 p. m., via Vallejo Junction, reael*.
lag St. Helena at 10:45 a. v, ana 7:08 p. m! j