VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 12.
BATTLE OF THE CANDIDATES.
Republican Leaders of the Nation Are
Rallying for the Struggle at
St. Louis.
REED'S WHITE BUTTONS MAKE THEIR APPEAR
ANCE AND MANLEY EXPLAINS.
Platt Scores the National Committee for Ruling
in Favor of Delegates Who Champion the
Ohioan, and Says New Yorkers flay Bolt.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— McKinley is
not to be nominated without a struggle.
Twenty-four hours have so changed the
positions on the political chess-board that
there is still a fighting chance for the
field against McKinley.
The stumbling-block in the road of the
latter is the divergent views of the dele
gates on the financial plank of the plat
form. These differences are as wide as the
continent and at present seem irreconcil
able. The Western delegates main tain
their adherence to silver with a frankness
that in former gatherings of the party
would have been punished as political
heresy. The other half of the country is
represented by sound-money advocates
who will listen to no suggestion of any
other platform declaration. This issue,
even in these ante-convention days, has
ranged the delegates into two carap3.
The men from Maine and the Far East
still uphold the banner of Reed, while
tliose from lowa, supported by scatteriug
delegates from the Middle West, declare
themselves for Allison. Quay will, of
course, receive nearly the full support of
Pennsylvania, and Morton is assured of
all but four of the- New York votes. Brad
ley has not been sidetractced by the allure
ment of the Vice-Presidency.
So many tables have been compiled
showing that MrKinley will or will not be
nominated on the first ballot that they are
valueless. The monetary plank of the
platform will, unless a miracle supervenes,
determine the nomination for or against
the leader.
The arriva-f <-f Tb-onnii C. Platt to-night
gave encouragement and impetus to the
opposition. While he is not in sympathy j
with the silver wing of the party, it is |
thought he will be the rallying point for a i
combined opposition. There is no hint ■
tnat other than an hoYiorable fight will be i
made against McKinley, but political exi
gencies as presented here demand the al
liance of all opposition for a successful
struggle against the McKinley avalanche.
When the National Committee resumed
its session to-night it was noticed thai sev
eral prominent members, principally those
from Eastern States, were absent. Among
them were Gear of lowa, Yerkes of Ken
tucky and Manley of. Maine.
Later on it was learned that a confer
ence of anti-McKinley leaders was being
held in the rooms occupied by Thomas C.
Platt. It was stated that the absent com
mitteemen were in attendance at the in
vitation of Mr. Platt and that the situa
tion was being discussed with the view of
sizing up the strength of the anti-Mc-
Kinleyites and formulating some plan to
counteract the strength thaft the Ohio
candidate has shown he will possess in
the convention. The conference was in
session at 10 o'clock, and no information
could be secured as to what had been pro
posed or adopted.
J. H. Manley of Maine was deluged to
day with telegrams requesting him to ex
plain or qualify his statement given to the
United Press yesterday, in which he con
ceded that McKinley would be nominated
on the first ballot but declared that
Speaker Reed would remain in the field to
the finish.
Late this afternoon the National Com-
Timothy Byrnes, scrgcaut-at-Arms of the St. Louis ame.i.oi.
The San Francisco Call.
mitteeman from Maine furnished this
signed statement to the United Press:
"Tne action of the National Committee
at their meeting of yesterday showing
cleariy their intention of placing in the
temporary roll delegates favorable to Gov
ernor McKinley, which in the end would
mean 160 additional votes, caused me to
make the statement thai I did.
"I am as earnestly for Mr. Reed as ever
and am with his friends doing everything
possible to bring about his nomination,
and 1 urgeupon his supporters throughout
the country to make stillgreater efforts in
his beha'.f. J. H. Manlky. "
An immense canvas picture of the
Speaker was placed in position in the
rotunda of the parlor floor of the Southern
this afternoon. Reed buttons and badges
are also making their appearance and
there is every indication that his boom is
to be given a renewed impetus. '
DONE IN SHORT ORDER.
Contestants Who Favor McKinley to
Be Seated.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— It was a
busy day for the National Committee. Up
to 6 o'clock this evening, when a short re
cess for dinner was taken, it had, in the
i of eight hours, heard the evidence
j in and adjudicated upon a total of ten
I contests, involving the placing upon the
< temporary roll of precisely twenty-four
! delegates. In some cases the questions
! submitted were intricate, and these were
debated without consideration of time.
Where, however, a contest was regaided
as frivolous or based upon grounds not
recognized by the rules of the party short
work was made of it.
Among the contestants were scattering
supporters of Reed, Morton and Allison,
but the sum total of the daylight work
was the seatine of twenty- two pronounced
adherents of Major McKinley and of two
delegates favorable to the nomination of
Ex- Congressman A. C. Thompson, in Charge of the McKinley Contests.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, JUNE 12, 1896.
Governor Morton. In this latter contest —
that of the First Florida District — some of
the McKinley members ot the committee
made a bitter fight, but the evidence ad
duced for the friend 3of the New Yorker —
White and McCoombs — was so regular and
overwhelming that preference traces were
kicked over, and sojne of the Ohio man's
warmest friends voted for the first time
against his spokesman, with the result
that the Morton men were seated by a
ciose vote of 23 to 20.
Perhaps it was merely a coincidence,
but it was at least significant that imme
diately after this vote had been announced
Mr. Manley left the room and prepared
the statement to the Unite.l Press, in which
he called upon the friends of Speaker
Reed to redouble their efforts to bring
about his nomination. Pressed this even
ing to mate clear the apparent discrep
ancies between his latest bulletin and that
of last evening, the political manager of
the lamented Blame and chief of the sup
porters of the present candidate from
Maine, would only reply that the state
ment was sufficiently self-explanatory for
the present and needed no elaboration.
Read between the lines, however — and
tliose in a position to know say that this
is the correct readme — it is an intimation
of Mr. Manley's belief that just such a
break as occurred in the committee to-day
may happen at some critical moment and
upon some unexpected issue in the Na
tional Convention and that he proposes
that the friends of his candidate shall girt
in tbpir armor and be prepared for any
eventuality.
The members of the National Committee
were prompt in getting together in the
elubroom of the Southern at 10 o'clock this
morning for the purpose of resuming con
sideration of the numerous conte«ts. A
decided disposition in favor of facilitating
this branch of its work was manifested by
the body, several members expressing the
fear thai if the unabridged debates and
discussions that mamed the sessions of
yestcrdav were to continue the temporary
roll would still be in abeyance when the
convention was ready ior business on
Tuesday morning.
Accordingly when Coneressman Hill
boin of California asked for the postpone
ment of the contest from the Third Dis
trict of that State in consequence of the
non-arrival of some of the men and
papers concerned, numerous objections
were raised and the Pacific Coast repre
sentative was given the option of going
ahead or of letting the case of his friends
go by default. He chose the former, and
made a ten minute speech in support of
the claims of G. M. Belshaw and W. B.
Parker, whoso seats are contested by Eli
S. Denison and A. A. Hockheimer. Presi
dential proclivities did not enter into the
contest, as both sets of delegates were in
structed for McKinley by their respective
conventions. The argument pf the Con
gressmen w:is involved as technical, and
Senator Thurston, Henry C. Payne, Pow
ell Clayton and others were compelled to
keep up a running tire of questions in
order to clearly elicit the facts.
Ex-Congressman A. C. Thompson of
Ohio, who ifb appearing for all of the con
testeet- and contestants from overy State
who are under the wing of the McKinley
leaders, presented the case of Denison and
Hockheimer, taking the ground that the
convention by which they were elected
was the only regular and properly con
stituted body, and that its action, so far
as concerned the temporary roll, was final,
and could be reviewed only by the Com
mittee on Credentials selected by the
National Convention. When the argu
ments were concluded, it took the com
mittee just five seconds to seat Denison and
his colleague by a unanimous vote.
Next on the special order was the Fourth
California District. W. W. Montague and
Samuel M. Snortridge were the contest
ants against Joseph Spear and Henry I.
Kowalsky, claiming to be the regular dele
gates. Mr. Shortridge, who is a brother
of Publisher Shoitridge of the San Fran
cisco Call, made a brisk and vigorous
presentation of his case.
Mr. Shortridge took the position that
himself and his colleagues were the regu
lar delegates, selected at the regular con
vention, and that properly they should be
recognized as contestees instead of con
testants.
In this case both sets of delegates were
instructed for McKinley, and again ex-
Congressman Thompson appeared for the
preferred claimants, Shortridge's oppon
ents. After considerable debate on the
part of the members of the committee,
these latter— Spear and Kowalsky— were
seated, only two votes being recorded in
the negative. This concluded the Caliior
uia cases.
In the Third Alabama District Bamuei
S. Booth and John Harmon (colored) were
seated, the contestants failing to put in an
appearance. At this point Henry C. Payne
of Wisconsin moved a reconsideration of
the action in the Fourth California Dis
trict in order that a rollcall might be had.
This was voted down, but Samuel Fessen
den of Connecticut challenged the judg
ment of the chair and a rollcall was conse
quently forced by strategy. The vote wus
14 to 25, and the exclusion of Shortridge et
al. was consequently clinched by a majority
of twelve.
Kentucky had the call for the next
special order, but it was productive of but
a single contest. This was in the Fifth
District, the seats of George D. Todd and
and Charles E. Sapp, instructed for Mc-
Kinley, being challenged by E. J. Knoebel
and J. W. Reeder, who were not in
structed, but have declared themselves for
Bradley. Todd and Sapp were seated by
28 to 6.
At 12 :25 a rece«s was ordered to 2 p. m.
When the committee reassembled at2:ls
the Florida contests were given precedence
over the regular order. In this State the
seats of four delegates at large and two
each in the First and Second districts
were challenged. Those claiming to be reg
ular delegates at large were National Com
mitteeman John G. Long, Joseph Lee,
Emory F. Skinner and L. \v. Livingston
(colored), all McKinleyites, while the con
testants were Edward R. Gumby, Henry
W. Chandler, Henry Chubb. S. H. Cole
man, ail of whom have declared their em
phatic preference for Governor Morton
and his nomination.
The case of tho McKinley delegates set
forth that the State Convention met at
Tallahassee on March 4. It was composed
of 222 delegates. Gumby, Chandler and
Chubb, now contesting delegates, were
members of the State Central Committee,
and joined with the other members of
that committee in preparing the tempor
ary roll of the convention.
The temporary organization - was ef
fected and, pending the debate on a mo
tion to adopt tin: report of the committee
on credential?, and b< »re any mitn'K had
been made by .the chair or any action
taken by the convention, Gumby and his
associates, with about .one-fourth of the
delegates of the convention, bolted and
held a meeting in another hall, which had
been previously engaged for that purpose,
the bolt having been deliberately contem
plated long before the State Convention
met.
In that bolting convention the contest
ing delegates claimed to have been elected.
Colonel Gumby of Tampa, in behalf of
himself and his associates, took the posi
tion that the bolt was forced by the arbi
trary proceedings of officers of the conven
tion, inspired by Committeeman Long,
and submitted affidavits from a majority
of the members of the State Central Com
mittee certifying that the Gumby delega
tion was entitled to be placed on the roll
as regular. Charges of fraud and misuse
of proxies were also made in abundance.
Ex-Longressman Thompson presented
the case of the Long delegates and then
David Martin of Philadelphia moved the
seating of the Long delegation. Suther
land of New York demanded a rollcall,
but declined to vote.
All the vote 3 cast were in the affirma
tive. Colonel Long and his associates
were placed on the roll and Governor Mor
ton was deprived of four delegates at a
swoop. The defeated faction will carry
the case to the committee on credentials
selected by the National Convention.
Inasmuch as the contest in the Second
Florida District hinged upon the facts pre
sented in the one just decided, it was
abandoned and Dennis E^an and Isaac L.
Purcell (colored), McKinleyites, were
placed on the roll, to the exclusion of
Archibald and Robinson (Mortonites).
The First District case, in which the ques
tion was the regularity of a delegation
elected by a convention held in a place
other than that designated by the State
Committee, was presented and argued
with more feeling pro and con on the part
of the committeemen than had marked
any previous hearing and by the close vote
of 23 to 2o, M.S. White and J.N. McCoombs,
supporters of Gov. Morton, were placed
on the roll over E. C. Weeks and Arm
strong Pardee (colored), McKinleyites.
The result was received with the first ap
plause of the day.
When this case had been disposed of the
belated papers in the Ninth Georgia Dis
trict contest were ready for presentation.
It was disposed of in short order, Andrew
J. Spence and James B. Garton, instructed
for McKinley, being placed on the roll
over Thomas M. Blodgett and W. A.
Smith, instructed for Reed. The vote was
unanimous.
The Georgia roll having been amended
and completed, the difficulties in Mis
sissippi were the subject of ventilation,
and tie committe-roDiu and annexes filled
up rapidly. First in order was the contest
between the rival delegations -at- large.
Those claiming to be the regular delegates
were: James Hill (colored), John S. Bur
ton, Albert M. i«ea and E. H. Lampton
(colored). All these had McKinley prefer
ences, as did also the contestants, John R.
Church (colored), William E. Mollison, M.
A. Montgomery and F. W. Collins.
Ex-Congressman " Thompson, for the
McKinley managers, presented the case of
the delegation claiming to be regular.
The controversy was shown to be the out
come of the old quarrel between the Hill
and Lynch elements, both being headed
by colored men. These two factions of
the Republican party in Mississippi sepa
rated in the convention of 1892, but after
ward harmonized, Hill having v majority
of ten in the consolidated State committee.
That committee called the State Con
vention early in 1896. It was arranged
that delegates to the State Convention
SOME OF THE MEN WHOSE NAMES MAY BE PRESENTED TO THE CONVENTION
FOR THE ViCE-PRESIDENTIAL NOMINATION.
should be admitted to the hall by tickets.
Lynch objected to the use of tickets
and, refusing to accept them, failed to ob
tain admission to the hall and organized
another convention. Of the 267 members
of the State Convention 197 attended the
convention held by the Hill faction, the
remainder organizing a separate set of
delegates. The Lynch people, however,
had the advantage of having with them
the chairman of the State Committee, L.
B. Mosley, who certified the Lynch dele
gates as regularly elected.
In his old vigorous and earnest style
Lynch presented tne case oi himseii and
his colleagues, claiming that instead of re
fusing to accept tickets they were denied
them and were kept out of the meeting
place by the police.
M. A. Montgomery, another of the con
testants, made a forcible argument, rein
forced with two mammoth maps, showing
the relative strength of the two conven
tions, and every column of which had been
sworn to before a notary public. There
was excitement when Hill characterized
statements made by Lynch as absolutely
false, and declared that the latter's
affidavit-makers were liars. The commit
tee finally tired of the squabble, and on
motion of James H. Wilson of Delaware,
proxy for National Committeeman Lay
ton, seated tho Hill delegates by a unani
mous vote.
In the First Mississippi District contest
Dr. Joseph M. Bynum made a plea for
himself and his associate, W. G. Parker
(colored), who claimed to be the regular
delegates. Colored Committeeman Hill,
flushed with his victory of a few moments
before, championed the cause of W. F.
Elgin and Richard D. Littlejohn (colored).
Hill's friends were placed on the roll.
Both sets of delegates favored McKinley.
At 6:15 o'clock the committee took a
recess for refreshments.
There was a sensation in the meeting of
the National Committee to-night. Just as
soon as the contest in the First Mississippi
District had been disposed of Senator
Hansbrough of North Dakota, with the
preliminary explanation that he did so at
the request of a number of members who
were not present at the afternoon session,
moved a reconsideration of the vote by
which the Morton delegates in the First
Florida District were seated. General
Hobart of Nrw Jersey seconded the motion.
Fessenden of Connecticut uttered a few
words of protest, which were drowned in
cries of "vote." The calling of the roll
was commenced, and for a few moments
the ayes snd noes were about equal.
When New York was reached Committee
man Sutherland arose and said he declined
to vote. He went on to say that upon the
contest in question forty-three members
had recorded their deliberate convictions,
a larger number than had been polled on
any other motion. It was worse than
nonsense for any member to assert that
he voted by mistake or misapprehension.
The lines had been closely drawn and the
issue clearly denned.
"I desire to say here and now," con
tinued Mr. Sutherland, "that if this reso
lution is adopted I shall no longer regard
it as necessary or desirable to participate
in the proceedings of tins committee. Its
doings will have become farcical and I
sh all wash my hands of it and its pro
ceedings. The course now proposed is
revolutionary and without justification
and it will prove destructive to the candi
dates of the Republican party. I now
withdraw my refusal to vote and vote
'no.' "
There was a buzz of excitement as the
speaker concluded. The rollcall was re
sumed. When Ohio was reached Commit
teeman Hahn of Mansfield said, with
emphasis that he saw no reason why the
gentleman from New York should with
draw from the committee. There were
methods employed in New York that were
not open and above suspicion, as would be
demonstrated when the contests from that
State were reached, and if the committee
was unduly exercising its powers it was
doing nothing more than had been done in
New York time and again. He intended
to vote for reconsideration, and offered no
apology for so doing.
The rollcali was completed without fur
ther interruption, and at its conclusion
Secretary hurke announced the result as
19 for reconsideration ro 18 against. There
upon M. H. de Young of California asked
that his vote be recorded in the negative,
making it a tie. On this Bhowing Chair
man Carter was about to declare the
motion lost, when ex-Senator Carey of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Wyoming, who had previously declined to
vote, asked to be recorded in the negative.
It was done, the vote was announced as 20
to 19 against reconsideration, and there
was an audible sigh of relief from all over
the room as the incident ended.
General James R. Chalmers was the star
speaker when the contest in the Second
Mississippi District was taken up. With
Sidney Redmond (colored) he claimed a
place on the roll, and opposition was of
fered by G. W. Buchanan and William
Simmons (colored). Buchanan ynd Sim
mons were stated by the close vote of 22
to 19. They are for McKinley.
Short work was ma<ie of the contest in
the Third Mississippi District, Wesley
Grayton and Joseph E. Ousley being seated
over W. H. Allen and Louis Woldener.
Both contestants and contestees are Aic-
Kinley adherents,
At 10:30 o'clock the remainder of the
Mississippi contests were laid aside ana
the committee took up the trouble in the
Twelfth District of Missouri, where ex-
Congressmeu Nathan Fiank and Charles
D. Comfort on the one side and Charles
Par3ons and F. G Uthoff on the other
were respectively contestants, and con
testees.
It was an echo of the old-time fight be
tween the Kerens and Filley factions.
Mr. Frank, who belonsrs to the Kerens
wing, presented his own case in an cner
[ getic speech, claiming that Parsons and
I Uthoff were not elected by any convention
called pursuant to law or as provided by
the call of the National Committee, but
were literally a rump-bolting gathering.
Seldon B. Spencer presented the side of
the contestants with equal force.
In his closing speech Mr. Frank paid his
respects to Chauncey Filley with no
mincing of language, and then the room
was cleared. On motion of Wilson of
Delaware the Frank delegation was seated.
There were but four viva voce votes in the
negative.
At 10:50 the convention decided to sit
until midnight. In the Fourth Mississippi
District Charles Rosenbaum, who is a
Reed adherent, and Eugene E. Pettibone
(colored), for McKinley. were seated over
E. S. Matthews and E. E. Buck, both
having McKinley preferences.
The committee decided to make the se
lection of a temporary chairman of the
convention the special order for noon on
Saturday.
A settlement of the fight in the Sixth
Mississippi District was the last business
of the night. Captain Joshua R. Smith
and John J. Garrett were the contestants
ana R. A. Simmons and A. J. Hyde, both
colored, the contestees. National Com
mitteeman Hill made the argument for
the two first named, while the colored men
told t!ieir own siory. They did it so im
pressively that the committee seated them.
All four hud McKinley preferences.
At 12:05 a.m. the committee adjourned
until 10:30 a. m.
DE YOUNG'S HARSH WORDS.
Slanders California Before the Na-
tional Committee.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— The talk of
the lobby to-day has been the remarkably
tempered and boorish speech of M. H. de
Young maligning the State of California,
its Republican Central Committee and its
Republican State Convention. His Bpeech
was made after S. M. Sbortridge of Cali
fornia had presented his side of the con
test in ttie Fourth Congressional District
and had left the room. De Young was
therefore the only Californian present, and
it was from his lips that the slanders
against his own State issued, with no
one there to defend her from his attack.
He said that the politics of the Repub
lican party of California was notoriously
corrupt; that clean politics was unknown
to the Republican organization of the
Golden State, and in fact so rotten was it
that a woman had recently shot her hus
band there because sue had been wronged
by crooked politics. Tne reference was to
Mrs. Martin, who shot her husband in the
corridor of the City Hall became he had
neglected and ill-treated her.
Mr. de Young's slanders were uttered
for the purpose of breaking down the force
of the argument that the right of Messrs.
Shortridge and Montague to seats in the
Republican State Convention had been
confirmed by the State Central Committee
and reaffirmed by the committee on cre
dentials of the State Convention after
hearing all the evidence in the matter. It
was evident that the National Committee
could not reverse those decisions without
slapping the State Convention and the
State Central Committee in the face, and
De Young perceiving this proceeded to
argne tnat the State Central Committee
and the State Convention were a parcel of
political hoodlums and ruffians, corrupt to
the marrow, and that their action had
been brought about by dishonorable
means.
The correspondents of New York and
other Eastern newspapers expressed their
surprise that the representative of a State
snould resort to such cowardly and dis
graceful tactic? in order to accomplish his
own purpose. They said that such a thing
was unheard of in National politics, that
a National Committeeman should under
take to besmirch and befoul the name of
his State.
This was De Young's last chance to get
even on his political enemies, for he will
be 110 longer a National Committeeman at2
Picture of Grant's Log Cabin Which Hangs *Over the Main Entrance to the
Auditorium.
the end of the present session of the com
mittee. He will be practically shelved.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo of Utah is mak
ing a gallant fight on behalf of silver.
Utah should be proud of such, a champion.
He is game and thoroughbred and will
neither give nor take quarter.
Colonel George Christ (the i is pro
nounced short in this case) of Nogales,
Ariz., formerly Collector of the Port of
that place, said to-day that if Teller should
bolt he would be defeated even in Colo
rado by the gold miners there. The issue
of protection to home industry was of
greater importance. That was a matter
in which the people of the whole Pacific
Coast were vitally interested, as it affected
their very existence. Colonel Christ told
of a Democratic wool-crower friend of his
is Arizona who was an ardent free-trader.
He abandoned his principles when the
Wilson bill went into effect and impov
erished him, and he remarked facetiously
to the colonel that lie had been for free
wool all along and that the Wilson bill
nad brought him to within 3 cents a
pound of it, which was near enough, how
tver, to cure him of his heresy.
The following table shows how the dele-
Kates stand on the money issue. It will
also explain why a straight gold plank
will probably be put into the platform:
States. Free Silver.
California 18
Colorado , 8
Idaho 6
Montana. 6
Nevada ,'. 6
Utah 6
Wyoming. 6
Washington 8
Oregon 8
Ariz ma - 6
New Mexico c
.North Dakota. t5
Total _ , 90
States. Anti-Free Sliver.
Alabama 22
Arkansas 16
Connecticut 12
]>• aware 6
Florida 8 1
Georgia 26 i
Illinois 48
Indiana 30
lowa. '.26 |
Kansas 20 ;
Kentucky '26;
Louisiana. 16
Maine 12
Maryland 16 '
Massachusetts 30 j
Minnesota '8
Michigan 18
Missouri 84
Mississippi 18
Nebraska. 16
New Hampshire ...... 18
New Jersey -0
New York 72 !
Nor Carolina 22
Ohio. 4li
Pennsylvania 64
Kliode Island. 8 ,
South Carolina 18
(south Dakota 8
Tennessee 524 '
Texas ....: 30
Vermont 8
Virginia 2-1
West Virginia la
Wisconsin 24
Total ; 810 j
These figures explain better than a vol- .
ume of writing why there is every pros- j
pect that a straight gold plank will be put
in the platform.
New York State has come to the front in
the matter of decorating headquarters for
the convention. The delegation from that
State have secured a large hall on the
second floor of the Southern Hotel and
have most elaborately decorated it with
flags and banners. The McKinley head
quarters are a little backward in that re
spect.
Ohio fitted up her headquarters to-day,
and things are being put into shape for the
convention.
The ladies' parlor of the Southern Hotel
presented an animated appearance this
afternoon, the occasion being a reception
by Mrs. Clara Foltz of New York to the
officers and members of the Equal Suffrage
Club of St. Louis. The club is making
preparations to receive Mrs. Lilly Dever
eaux Blake of New York ana Mrs. Catts,
who have been appointed by the Women's
National Club Association to present the
cause of equal suffrage to the National
Republican Convention, in order to secure
the insertion of an equal suffrage plank in
the platform.
After calling upon Mrs. Foltz they went
in a body to Sergeant-at-Arms Burns to
ask him to appoint a time when the ladies'
committee could visit the convention. The
ladies or their ancestors have addressed
National Conventions since 1872, and have
always been told that their claims would
be taken under consideration.
There were present at the reception Mrs.
Victoria Conklin "Whitney of St. Louis,
Mrs. H. Tyler Wilcox. M.D., Miss Ella E.
i3uie, Mrs. R. M. Benedict, Mrs. Speed
Cairns, Mrs. Dr. C. Russell, Mrs. Mary M.
Clardy, Mrs. M. Buehler, Mrs. K. Snow,
Mrs. M. A. Black, Mrs. S. J. Black, all of
St. Louis, and Mrs. D. S. Ferris, the beau
tiful wife of a wealthy sugar planter of
Louisiana.
The arrival of Mr. Platt to-night has
stirred up things. Mr. Quay is expected
. to-morrow and Mr. Ciarkson on the day
after. Then there may be a change in the
programme. John Paul Cosgeave. •
MR. PLATT IS DEFIANT.
Tactics That May Cause New York
Delegates to Bolt.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— Thomas C.
Platt of New York registered at the South
ern Hotel to-night. His arrival has been
anxiously awaited by the politicians, the
anti-McKinley people having been creatly
discouraged by the recent statements of
Senator Quay and Mr. Manly of Maine,
both of whom conceded McKinley's nomi
nation on the first ballot. Platt' s coming
was awaited before McKinley's opponents
relinquished their last vestige of hope.
Mr. Piatt arrived at the Southern Hotel
at 7 o'clock, and after a hasty toilet wenl
to dinner with several of his New York
henchmen. The dining hall of the South
ern Hotel was filled with politicians of
note from all sections, but when the great
New Yorker was observed he immediately
became the target for all eyes.
Mr. Platt' b figure is certainly not an im-
Washington Decoration Over the Speakers' Stand at the Auditorium.
I posing one, with his small, spare, bent
I frame and bald head, but his bright gray
eye and keen intellectual features stamp
' him as an uncommon man. He was soon
surrounded by a host of politicians and
admirers.
Probably there is no politician in the
country, with the exception of Quay, who
wields such an influence over the people
of his State. It may De ?aid by some that
he dominates the New York State Repub-
I licaus, but. as one of his friends said to
i night, his dominance is the natural result
| of this great politician's Joyal and eminent
service to his party. The enormous in
fluence of the Empire State in American
politics and the power which Mr. Platt
j exercises in its policies has made him the
• most conspicuous of all the politicians of
I this country ; therefore the interest aroused
by his coming can readily be understood.
Mr. Platt was beseiged by politicians
and press men. He held a regular levee
in bis apartments. He successfully re
sisted tbe onslaughts of all newspaper in
terviewers, but late to-night consented to
a short interview with The Call's cor
respondent. Though brief, his utterances
will be read with deep interest by all. Mr.
Platt does not believe in tamely yielding
to the superior force in numbers of the
McKinley supporters. He severely criti
cized Mr. Manley of Maine for surrender
ing Reed's campaign and admitting the
nomination of MiKinley on the first
ballot. Mr. Piatt said to The Call cor
respondent;
"I think that Mr. Manley's statement
was entirely uncalled for and utterly in
appropriate at this time. Mr. Reed has
been indorsed by his own State for Presi
dent and by other States, and I see no rea
son why his defeat should be acknowledged
by his political manager in advance of the
convention. It is indeed an honor to be
indorsed for President, but Mr. Manley's
statement to the jress is calculated to em
barrass Mr. Reed. Certainly the admis
sion of Reed's certain defeat by Mr. Man
ley's close political friend will make it em
barrassing for the Speaker. As for myself
I do not believe in "Surrendering until the
last shot is fired. I will say, furthermore,
that I regard tbe action of the National <
Committee in turning out delegates who
were justly entitled to seats in the con
vention merely because they were opposed
to Mr. McKinley's nomination as a high
handed proceeding, and if they attempt to
unjustly unseat any delegates from New
York Stnte our delegation will bolt the
convention."
This was indeed a startling declaration,
and it will be read with interest by all |
who understand what a bolt of the New
York delegates would mean. Mr. Platt's
statement wh 9 made to The Call corre
spondent late to-night, and when its por
tent becomes fully appreciated it will cre
ate a sensatioD among the politicians. It
is further understood to-night (although
this statement is not made by authority of
Mr. Platt) that the New York politicians
have been authorized by Governor Morton
to allow his name to be presented to the
convention for Vice- President.
A few weeks ago it was understood that
Governor Morton would not accept the
Vice-Presidential nomination. He stated
to friends at that time that he was not de
sirous of again filling the Vice-Presiden
tial chair, but it was known that his wife
was ambitious for her husband to again
enter public life at the National capital.
Mr?. Morton's grace and accomplishments
made her a brilliant social success in Paris
when her husband was Minister to France,
and again when Mr. Morton was Vice-
President, and her friends have predicted
that Governor Morton would yield to her
persuasions and allow his name to go be
iore the convention again for Vice-Presi
dent.
"Mr. Morton's name will be presented
to the convention?' 1 Mr. Platt was asked.
"It will. There is no truth in the report
that he will be withdrawn. He will be
I presented as the gold-standard candidate
of Few York, where everybody is a gold
man."
"Shall you hazard a prediction as to the
convention's choice?"
"I know whom they ought to nomi
nate," was the significant reply.
"Will the platform declare for tbe single
gold standard?"
''I hope so. I am much pleased since
my arrival in town to find that so many
delegates favor the gold standard. lam
told that a majority of the convention will
be gold men."
"What do you think of the National
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
Committee's action in unseating so many
anti-McKinley delegates?"
"All I can say," replied Mr. Platt dryly,
"is that I hope they will deal more fairly
wiih the others yet to be considered than
they nave with those upon which action
has been taken. In other words, I hope
these contests will be settled upon their
merits and not because tbe men to be
seated will vote for McKinley."
"And the New YoiJt contests. When
will they be reached?"
"Not before Saturday, owing to an un
derstanding that I see has been made
with Mr. Cornelius Bliss."
It may be stated in this connection that
Mr. Platt is interesting himself in the
eight New York contests, and a number of
the National Committeemen, whom he
personally saw this evening, were earnest
ly requested by him to see that these con
tests were settled sulely upon their
merits.
Mr. Platt declined to discuss the Vice-
Presidency, and the announcement that
Governor Morton has consented to be a
candidate for Vice-President can only be
called a rumor; but the source of the
rumor entitles it to respectful considera
tion. The gossips around the Southern
Hotel to-night are speculating upon this
latest phase of the Vice-Presidential situ
ation.
McKinley and Hobart buttons were seen
Sheridan Decoration at the West End of the Auditorium.
on every other man's lapel to-day, and
every politician has been ready to concede
that this would be the ticuet. It may be
said that nine out of ten politicians here
are yet of this opinion, notwithstanding
the report that Governor Morton is willing
to have his name presented to the conven
tion. But, nevertheless, the probability
of Mr. Morton's name being considered for
the Vice-Presidency imparts a new inter
est to the situation.
A dispatch from Washington says that
Speaker Reed, when he read Manley's ad
mission of defeat, would not believe the
report and refused to discuss what he con
sidered a very palpable lie. He could not
credit the press report that his friend
Manley had acknowledsed McKinley's
nomination. Mr. Manley evidently re
erets that publication was made of his
views, for he made a statement to the
Call correspondent to-night argrily re
senting the actions' of the McKinley men
on the National Committee who had un
justly unseated delegates. He still makes
no concealment of his disuust at their
i methods. He said to the Call corre
spondent:
"The action of the National Committed
at their meetings yesterday and to-day,
showing clearly their intention of placing
on the temporary roll delegates favorable
to McKinley, which in tbe end would
mean 160 additional votes, caused me to
make the statement that I did. I am as
earnestly for Mr. Reed as ever, and 1 am,
with his friends, doing everything possible
to bring about his nomination, and I urge
upon his supporters throughout the coun
try to make still greater efforts in his be
half." _
A FINANCIAL PLANK.
Views on the Money Question Ap-
proved by McKinley.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— Sentiment
among the delegates already upon the
ground appears to be crystallizing in favor
of the financial plank promulgated by
National Committeeman B. C. Kerens of
tnis city, which was given in The United
Press disputches last night. Mr. Kerens
admits that he is not the autnor of tbe
proposed plank, and that it is the handi
work of "a prominent Republican."
Taken in connection with his recent visit
to Canton, there have been suggestions
that tbe draft has bsen submitted to and
received the approval of Major McKinley.
Upon this point, however, Mr. Kerens
will not satisfy his inqurers, either pro or
con, while, in line with their previous
position that the convention rather than
the candidate should make the platform,
Mark Hanna and his lieutenants continue
to regard the topic as tabooed and will uot
touch it even in generalities.
Representative delegates of the standing
of Senators Proctor of Vermont, Hans
brough of North Dakota, Payne of Wiscon
sin and ex-Governor Fifer of Illinois are
very cLary in their advocacy of a clear and
emphatic declaration in favor of a gold
standard, and their talk and influence is
beginning to have an effect, especially
amont? the Southern delegates whose pro
clivities are toward the white metal.
Circulation was given to-day to a type
written copy of a proposed platform
declaration covering the tariff and finances.
This was said to have emanated from Mr.
Hanna and reached the public after pass
ing through several hands. Mr. Haana
denies its paternity and those who read
the ambiguous production readily believed
him. The closest trailing back to first
hands has not produced any one who will
father it. It was certainly in the hands of
several members of the National Com
mittee.
As a straw showing the unsettled state
of opinion it is given :
"The Republican party is in favor of a
protective tariff system which will afford
adequate protection toAmerican industries,
but which will also produce revenue in ex
cess of exDenditures and thus solve the
financial problem. The people of this
country are satisfied with the currency as
it now exists. It is the conviction of the
Republican party that the money of the
Nation should be as good as that of the en
lightened nations of the worJd and should
pass current in the markets of the world."
PLANS OF SILVER MEN.
If Defeated, They Will Not Support
the Nominees.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.-Colonel Isaac
Trumbo, National Commiiteeman and
delegate at large from Utah, is authority
for The statement that the silver men so
far on the ground have mapped out a
programme. If they are defeated in the
convention, they will not walk out, but
after the close of the convention they will
bolt the nomination.
"Our plan," said Colonel Trumbo, "is
simple. We will remain in the convention
and take part in the proceedings to the
end, then if we are. beaten, we will join
with the silver men of the West and nomi
nate Henry Teller of Colorado for Presi
dent."
H. Clay Evans of Tennessee, who was
prominent yesterday as the McKinley
boomers' choice for Vice- President, seems
to have lost ground to-day. Hon. Garrett
A. Hobart of New Jersey is to-night on
every tongue. The latest evidence of this
pre erence is a large button bearing ti.e
pictures and names of the combination.
Senator Thurston, who is to second the
nomination of McKinley, was this morn
ing the first to spring this badge on his
coat lapel. By noon the display of the
button on prominent delegates, all Mc-
Kinleyites, was sufficiently general to ex
cite wide comment, and it was admitted,
that the buttons were procurable in any
quantity.
GENERAL McALPIN'S BOOM.
Will Be Launched Upon the Arrival
of New Yorkers.
ST. LOUIS, Mo.. June 11.— The boom
for General Edwin A. McAlpin for the
Vice- Presidency will be formally launched
on Saturday with the arrival of the New
York delegation. The white buttons bear-
ing the names of the two "Macs" are be
coming significantly numerous in the cor
ridor of the Southern, and with the arrival
of each member of the Republican Na
tional League another is added. General
McAipin, besides the league strength,
has the support cf both the Platt and
anti-Platt strength in New York. He is
Governor Morton's staff adjutant-general,
and besides being rich himself, will, if
nominated, command the Morton financial
strength.
IS YET IN THE RACE.
Reed's Name Will Be Presented to
the Convention.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.— "There
is no change in the situation at St. Louis,
so far as it effects me," said Speaker Reed
to the United Press to-night. "My name
will be presented to the convention."
Further, Speaker Reed would not talk.
His friends express the opinion that Mr.
Maniey was panic-stricken by the action
of the National Committee in the Ala
bama contest cases.
Mr. Reed is in direct communication
witii his friends in St. Louis, and is watch
ing events with deep interest.
ANTI-PLATT DELEGATES.
With Other McKinley Men They
Start for St. Louis.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 11.— Tho anti-
Platt delegates to the Republican National
Convention and most of tbe McKinley
supporters started for St. Louis at 2 o'clock
this afternoon on the Pennsylvania. Cor
nelius N. Blips, who is treasurer of the Re
publican National Committee, has a little
party of his own on a special car. It in
cluded General Horace Porter, John S.
Wise, Colonel S. V. R. Cruger, General
Anson G. McCook, William Brookfield,
Wilbur F. Wakeman, Henry C. Robinson,
Benjamin Oppenheimer and William
Henic'el. The party will reach St. Louis
early to-morrow evening and will have
headquarters at the Planters' Hotel. To
morrow afternoon Edward Lauterbach,
one of the four delegates-at-large, will
start for the convention with the "regu
lars."
VIEWS OF MAGUIRE.
Does Not Think State Democrats
Will Declare for Gold.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.—Rep
resentative Maguire is tbe only man of the
California delegation remaining in the
city. All others have either gone to St.
Louis or are ou their way to the Pacific
Coast. He regrets that he is unable to at
tend the Democratic State Convention of
California, although if Congress bad ad
journed in time, he said to-ni«ht, he cer
tainly would have gone. As it is he will
remain in Washington until Saturday, if
not longer, to attend to some matters of
business before the departments. Speak
ing of the platform of the California Dem
ocrats he said to-nigh\:
"I sincerely hope that the State conven
tion will not depart from the stand it has
taken in the past in favor of the coinage
of silver. And I hope also that the dele
gates wnich the convention sends to the
Chicago convention may have that view
of the financial situation. I don't think
there is any chance for a gold platform."
"Do you think the President a civil ser
vice order will have ar.y influence in the
convention?"
"I think it will tend to keep some Gov
ernment officials from trading off official
patronage lor influence in the couvention,
and in that view of the situation there is
much at stake."
"When do you understand that the order
took effect— say in San Francisco among
the employes* of the administration there?"
I presume it took effect everywhere on
the Ist of June. I know I saw it in print
before that date, and it had time to reach
ban Francisco ere this. It was to take
effect at all places on the same day."
BLAND FOR PRESIDENT
His Boom Launched With a Blare
of Trumpets.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 11.-The candi
dacy of Hon. R. P. Bland for nomination
as the Democratic nominee for President
at the Chicago convention was launched
amid the booming of cannon and the blare
of trumpets here to-night.
A serenade and reception were given
Mr. Bland at the Planters' Hotel by bis
admirers here, and he responded in a brief
speech. The members of the campaign
committee have appointed sub-commit
tees to visit various States in which Demo
cratic conventions are to be held and ad
vocate the adoption of instructions to
delegates to vote for Bland for President.
An effort is beiug made to secure unani
mous consent of the Missouri delegation
to the Chicago convention to have Senator
Vest place Bland in nomination for Presi
dent, and also to have Governor Stone
placed on the committee on resolutions.
FOR A GOLD STANDARD.
Minnesota Democrats Make a Most
Unexpected Declaration.
ST. PAUL, Mum., June 11.— The Demo
crats of Minnesota in State Convention
did a most unexpected thing to-day when
they declared emphatically for gold. A
count of noses last night seemed to indi
cate that the declaration would be for free
silver.
The silver men made their opening fight
on the chairmanship by nominating E. T.
Shaplin. The gold men nominated 0. M.
Hall. ex-Congrnssman from the Third
District. The latter won.
The committee on resolutions made two
reports, one declaring for gold and the
other for the free coinage of silver at 16 to
1, the letter being the minority report.
The 112 delegates from Minneapolis and
the thirty-six from Duluth voted solidly
for silver, but in spite of this the gold men
won by a vote of 440 to 323.
The victory was a signal one for National
Ci'mmitteeman Michael Doran, who has
given his attention to the delegates lor
several weeks. The platform warmly in
dorses the administration of Grover Cleve
land, reiterates the party's position on the
tariff and thus declares on the monsy
question :
"We are unqualifiedly in favor of the
present cold standard of value. We favor
the use of both gold and silver as money
ana believe that our Government should
coin and keep in circulation as a part of the
circulating medium as large an amount of
silver as can be employed without destroy
ing or threatening to destroy the existing
parity of value between the unit in gold
and the unit in silver.
"We are opposed to.a descent to mono
metallism of any kind ana particularly to
a s'iver monometallism with its depre
ciated and depreciating standard of silver.
We, therefore, oppose the free coinage of
silver by our Government at the ratio of
16 tol, without co-operation on the part of
the other commercial nations of the
world."
Michael Doran was named as one of the
delegates-at-large, but he declined the
honor and a%ked the convention to name
Daniel W. Lawler, ex-candidate for Gov
ernor. The delegates-at-large are P. B.
Winston, Minneapolis; Daniel W. Lawler,
St. Paul; Logan Bracken ridge, Rochester;
Chauncey R. Baxter, Fergus Falls.
AonUnated for Congress.
JACKSONVILLE, 111., June 11.— W. H.
Hinrichsen, Secretary of State of Illi
nois, was nominated for Congress by
the Democrats of the Sixteenth District on
the one hundred and seventy-second
ballot, defeating Finis E. Downing,
recently unseated by the House in favor
of John I. Rinaker.
lieprio'm Jiejiarlure.
NEVV I'ORK, N. V., June 11.— C. M.
Depew left here to-night for St. Louis,
where, it is said, he will deliver the open
ing speech, nominating Morton for the
Presidency.
Ttaridnon for Cant/rest.
NICHOLASVILLE, Ky., June 11.— The
Eighth District Republican Convention to
day unanimously nominated Judge J. M.
Davidson of Lincoln County for Congress.
SPEEDING EAST.
Orations at Sacramento and Reno.
Knight Declares in Favor of
Grant for Vice-President.
SACRAMENTO, Cat,., June 11.— Amid
the cheers of the assembled mass of Sacra
mento city's enthusiastic Republicans and
the enlivening strains of music from the
Second Infantry band, the special train
bearing within its luxuriant interior the
delegates, alternates and their special
guests, en route to attend the Republican
National Convention at St. Louis, roiled
into the depot to-day shortly after 1
o'clock.
Almost before they could reach the plat
form the delegates were surrounded by
scores of friends and admirers, while the
members of the local McKinley Club were
everywhere shoutiiig themselves hoarse,
on behalf of the delegation and their
favorite Presidential candidates. Butowing
to the briefness of stop made, congratula
tions were curtailed as the dense crowd
gathered in the rear of the train were
shouting for Spreckels, Knight and other
popular Republicans known to be on
board. George A. Knight was the first
speaker to be introduced and after the
rounds of applause had died away, he
saul :
"Citizens of Sacramento, it has been my
privilege and my- pleasure to attend sev
eral National conventions held by the Re
publican party and never before have I
realized the responsibility tnat rests upon
the Republican party of this Nation as
much as at the present time. We know
that the Republican party of this Nation
has always been ior tue best interests of
the people and for the perpetuality of Re
publican institutions. We know that the
Democratic party, as it has always been, is
a failure in dealing with National prob
lems. We know that never before in tbe
history of this great Nation that to-day
has at its command more intelligence,
more brawn and sinew, more opportunities
for self-reliance and self-support, has there
existed such a vast amount of bitter dis
content and dissatisfaction as now exists
in the best Government that God has ever
permitted the sun to shine upon.
"There is no excuse for it. There is no
reason for it, tell me, that the United
States should be in the deplorable condi
tion that you find it today? Why, we
fought a war without a dollar in the treas
ury and upon the faith that the people
had in the party Government of the United
States at that time. To-day with every fa
cility that can be asked for or desired there
is no faith in the Government under the
Democratic, rule — not even enougQ to give
a workingman a cup of cold water. We
propose to return this Gov-rnment to its
brightest, earliest and purest history, and
nominate for you a man who is in keeping
with the underlying and fundamental
principle of this great commonwealth.
When an individual spends more money
than he makes he is a bankrupt, and when
an individual becomes a bankrupt bis
individuality ceases and he is a tramp.
That is Ihe condition of our Government
to-day. Why look over the waters asking
help from the nations of the Old World
when to-night at the Capitol 70,000.000
men can make a defense of the flag, when
we aye not navigable rivers, when we
have wines to unload their treasure, mines
reaching; from the snows on the Sierras'
peak 3 down to this very spot, yet there is
not money enough to-day to *lo the busi
ness of the country. Wnose fault is it?
"The Nation is not a tramp. This Nation
to-Jay is not everything that our fore
fathers willed, expejted and designed it to
be. Misrule, mismanagement, misappro
priation of the public funds has been the
cause of all this. As far as I am in
dividually concerned, and I voice
the sentiments of the people of Cali
fornia, of the workingmen throughout the
land, 1 am in favor of the free coinage of
silver (applause), but we propose to go to
St. Louis open and content to the best in
terests of the people of the United States
and not given to our own particular
views. Labor demands pay; when you
give men work you must pay them for it.
God ordained tnat honest day's pay should
be given for an honest day's work, and the
first great problem that shall confront us
and the great Republican party of this
Nation will be to provide work for our
laboring men and pay them well as a mat
ter of course.
"This Government coins money. This
Government will give you greenbacks,
ana United States notes, but if
you do not work you cannot get
them out of the Treasury. There must be
a confidence established for the man who
works for his daily bread, and this must
be done. And there must be furnished to
American industries a reward for an hon
est day's toil, and this will be done as sure
as tne sun will rise to-morrow morning.
Then the war-cry, and the only war-cry of
the Republican party of this Nation, shall
be labor for all toilers' hands alive, as the
builders of the Nation's wealth, fame and
honor, and by the efforts and toil of the
workingmenl The country is made, and
wiil be as long as the sun follows the even
ing. Now, there is one exponent of that
governmental doctrine, ana that man is
William McKinley of Ohio. [Applause.]
" When the committee on platform meet,
when the proposition as to whether the
goldbu^s of Wall street or whether the
money powers of Europe shall dominate,
shall dictate, shall rule our financial in
terests of this country, you shall rest as
sured that 1, for one, shall raise up my
voice for the money ol the people, the
money of God Almighty.
"We do not in that convention propo3e,
as delegates from California, to insult the
intelligence of the rest of the Nation by
any other action. Fellow-citizens, 1 have
talked longer than I intended to. If it
t-hould come our way, if it should he our
fortune to name the man who shall be
Vice-President of the Unitea States, it
seems to me that the loyal name of Grant
is one that the people of this State could
complacently support — the son of that illus
trious man; the son of a President of ihe
United States; the son of that great and
immortal Grant. If it should be bo he
will receive my support, for I feel that
California may have an opportunity of
getting in.
"Gentlemen and citizens of Sacramento,
personally there is no spot in the State
that I revere, have a more kindly feeling
for, than I have for the capital of this
great, growing State. Thanking you for
your attention, we hope you will abide
with us and indorse all we do, because we
propose to be honest with tt c people "and
with that intelligence and sentiment
reaching throughout the United States of
America. Again, the Democratic party
has abandoned their freetraae fantasy.
The Democratic party has nothing to say
against protection, and before many
weeks roll around you will find that party
and a party headed by Cleveland, with his
gold proclivities, proclaiming for free
silver or anything to win. Do not believe
them; they don t believe it themselves.
Have faith in your party; have faith in
the party of protection; have faith in ihe
party that is the poor man's friend; have
faith in this great organization tnat has
dona more good toward the civilization of
man than any organization ever known
on the face of the earth.
"I thank you, gentlemen, from the bot
tom of my heart for this meeting and
greeting to our delegates, You have kept
faith with us. Believe me when 1 say we
will ir.eet again with you." [Applause.]
Mr. Knight was followed by Frank Short
of Fresno. wno also declared for free silver,
and he in % turn was followed by Hervey
Lindley and John D. Spreckels, both of
whom spoke less than one minute.
Then amidst volleys of cheers the train
rolled away toward the snow-clad peaks,
the desert's wastes, and the fertile yet cy
clone-swept plains to the city by the rush
ing current of the Mississippi.
RENO, Nev., June 11.— The California
delegation passed through Reno at 9:10
o'clock. A brass band and large numbers of
people greeted them on arrival here. Dur
ing a stop of nearly fifteen minutes George
A. Knight addressed the large gathering
and his remarks were frequently inter
rupted with applause.
SEALING SEIZURE CLAIMS
Text of the Convention Between
the United States and
England.
All Damages to Be Determined by
Two Commissioners, Net Yet
Appointed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.—Fol
lowing is the text of the convention be
tween the Governments of the Unitea
States and Great Britain providing for the
settlement of the claims presented by
Great Britain against the United States
on account of the seizure of Bering Sea
sealers:
WHKREAB, By a treaty between the United
States of America and her Majesty, the Queen
of the United Kingdom of Great Britain and
Ireland, signed at Washington on February 9,
'1892, the questions which had arisen be
tween their respective Governments concern
ing the jurisdictional rights of the United
States in the waters of the Behring
Sea and concerning also the preservation of
the fur seal in or habitually resorting to the
said sea and the rights of the citizens and sub
jects of either country as regards the taking
of fur seal in or habitually resorting to the
said waters, were submitted to a tribunal of
arbitration as therein const it men; and
whereas, the high contracting parties having
found themselves unable to a free upon
a reference which would include the ques
tion of the liability ot each for the injuries
alleged to have been sustained by the other or
by its citizens, in connection with the claims
presented and argued by it, did, by article VIII
of the said treaty, agree that either party
might submit to the arbitrators any questions
of fact involved in said claims and ask for a
binding thereof, the question of the liability
of either Government on the facts
found to be the subject of the fur
ther negotiation; and whereas, the agent of
Great Britain did, in accordance with the pro
visions of said article VIII, submit to the tri
bunal of arbitration certain findings of fact,
which was agreed to as proved by the agent of
the United States, and tne arbitrators did
unanimously find the facts so set forth to be
true, as appears by the award of the tribunal
rendered on the 15th (fay of August.
1893; aud whereas, in view of the said
finding of fact and of the decision of the
tribunal of Arbitration Concerning the juris
dictional rights of the United States in Bering
Sea and the right of protection of property of
the United States in the fur seals frequenting
the islands of the United States in Bering Sea,
the Government of the United States is de
sirous that, in so far as its liability is not
already fixed and determined by the
findings of fact and the decision of said
tribunal of arbitration, the question of
such liability should be definitely and fully
settled and determined and compensation
made for any injuries tor which, in the con
templation of the treaty aforesaid and the
award and findings of the tribunal of
arbitration, compensation may be dne
to Great Britain and to the United
States; and whereas, it is claimed by
Great Britain, though not admitted by the
United States, that prior to the said award
certain other claims against the United States
accrued in favor of Great Britain on account
of seizures of or interferance wiih the follow
ing named British sealing vessels, to wit: Ins
Wanderer, the Winifred, the Henrietta and
the Oscar and Hattie, and it is for the mutual
interest and convenience of both the
high contracting parties that the liability
of the United States, if any, and the amount
of compensation to be paid, if any, in respect
of such claims, and each of them should be
also determined under the provisions of this
convention— all claims by Great Britain under
article IV of the modus viveudi of April 18,
1892, for the abstention of fishing of British
sealers during the pendency of said arbitra
tion having been definitely waived before the
tribunal of arbitration.
The United states of America and her
Majesty the Queen of the United Kingdom of
Great Britain and Ireland, to the end of con
cluding a convention for tfiat purpose, have
appointed as their respective plenipotentiaries:
The President of the United States, the
Hon. Richard Olney, Secretary of Btate. and
her Majesty the Queen of the United King
dom of Great Britain and Irel.nd, the
Right Hon. Sir Julian Pauncefote, 0. G
8., G. C. M. G., her Majesty's Kmbassador
extraordinary and plenipotentiary to the
United States, who, after having communi
cated to each other their respective iull
powers, which were found in due proper form,
have agreed to and concluded the following
articles :
Article I— The high contracting parties
agree that all claims on account of injuries
sustained by persons in whose behalf Great
Britain is entitled to claim compensation
from the United States, and arising by virtue of
the treaty aforesaid, the award and findings of
the said tribunal of arbitration, as also the
additional claims specified in th« tilth para
graph of the preamble nereto, sha^l be referred
to two commissioners, one of whom shall be
appointed by the President of the United
States and the other by her Britiannic Majesty,
and each of whom shall be learned in the law.
Appended to this convention is c list of the
Claims intended to be referred.
• Article 11. The two Com mission? rs shall
meet at Victoria, in the province of British
Columbia, Canada, as soon as practicable
alter the exchange of the ratification of this
convention, and after having taken an oath
that they will fairlrand impartially investigate
the claims referred to them and render a just
decision thereon, they shall proceed jointly to
the discharge of their duties.
The commission shall sit at San Francisco,
Cal., as well as Victoria, provided either com
missioner shall so request if he shall be of the
opinion that the interests of justice shall also
require, for reasons to be recorded on the
minutes.
Article 111. The Commissioners shall deter
mine the liability of the United States, if any,
in respect to each claim, and assess the amount
of compensation, if any, to be paid on account
thereof— so far as they shall be able to acreo
thereon — and their decision 'shall be ac
cepted by the two Governments as final.
They shall be authorized to hear and exam
ine on oath or affirmation, which eaCh of said
Commissioners is hereby empowered to ad
minister or receive, every question of fact
found by the tribunal of arbitration, and to
receive all suitable authentic testimony
concerning the same, and the Government
of the United States shall have the right to
raise the question of its liability before the
commissioners in any case where i* shall be
proved that the vessel was wholly or in part
the actual property of a citizen of the United
States. The said commission, when sitting at
San Francisco or Victoria, shall have and ex
ercise all such powers lor the procurement
and enforcement of testimony as may here
after be provided by appropriate legislation.
Article IV. The Commissioners may appoint
a secretary and a clerk or clerks to assist them
in the transaction of the business of the com
mission.
Article V— ln the cases, if any, in which the
Commissioners shall fail to agree, they shall
transmit to each Government * joint report,
stating in detail the points on which
they differ and the grounds on which
their opinions have been formed and
any such difference shall be referred for final
adjustment to an umpire to be appointed by
the two Governments jointly, or, in case of
disagreement, to be nominated by the Presi
dent of the Swiss Confederation at the request
of the two Governments.
Article Vl— ln case of death or incapacity to
serve, from sickness or any other cause, of
either of the two commissioners or of the
umpire, if any, his place shall be tilled in the
manner provided for in the original appoint
ment.
Article Vll— Each Government shall provide
for the remuneration of the commissioner ap
pointed by it. The remuneration of the
umpire, if one should be appointed, and all
contingent and incidental expenses of the
commission and the umpire shall be defrayed
by the Governments in equal moieties.
Article VIII. The amount awarded to Great
Britain under this convention on account of
any claimant shall be paid by the Government
of the United States to the Government of her
Britanic Majesty within six months after the
amount thereof shall have'been finally ascer
tained. , „ .
Article IX— The present convention shall be
duly ratified by the President of the United
States of America, by and with the advice and
consent of the Senate thereof, and by her
Britannic Majesty and the ratifications shall
be exchanged either at Washington or London,
within six months from the date hereof,
or earlier if possible.
In iaith whereof we, the respective pleni
potentiaries, have signed this convention and
have hereunto affixed our seals, the eleventh,
day of June, 1896. -; r.. .- .' :
Done in duplicate at Washington,— -—
(Seal) ' • feicHARD OLNEY.
(Seal) Julian Patocefote.
This treaty was first concluded between
Sir Julian Pauncefote and Secretary
Olney February 8 last and was trans
mitted to the President February 10. The
Senate committee on Foreign Relations
amended and reported it to tbe Senate
April 8. Ratifications between Lord Salis
! bury and Embassador Bayard were ex
changed last week.
Killed on Greenhorn Mountain.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 11.— Orrin
Orr, a youne man, 21 years of age, recently
from San Jose, where his motnerand sister
reside, was killed on Greenhorn Mountain
last evening by being crushed by a heavy
truck while nauling logs to Evan's saw
mill.
NEW TO-DAY.
Too slow, gents, too slow.
You'll have to make a spurt if
you want to get in on some of
these bargains :
Boys' Sailor Suits, all wool, new effects, tan,
gray and blue, extra good making. ONLY... .75a
Odd Knee Pants, all sizes ...35c
Fanntleroy Blouses, not too high at 75c. THIS
wTEEK 450
Combination Suits, all wool (combining with
suit extra pants and cap of the same material)
1 83.50
Boys' Long Pants Suits, good ones 84.00
Bis lot Boys' Large Brim Straw Hat 5........150
But you'll have to hurry.
37 KEARXY Sb^
The mails are swift— order by mail.
GUM STORE_CLOSING OUT.
$20,000 STOCK
Offered at Panic Prices Until July lit.
When Lease Expires.
GEO. wT~SHREVE,
739 Market Street.
l*nilAlir l A FOR BARBER* BAK-
BPHQy I-Qera. blacks. bath-
I? HIIO H Em Louses, billiard - tables,
brewers/ bookbinders, candy-maters, canners.
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, paper-
hkna^rs, printers? painter., shoe factories, iuW
Brushaianufj&cturers. 609S»or»menioai»CONGRESS' LONG
SESSION CLOSED
With the Usual Formalities
Both Houses Hasten Ad
journment.
COURTESIES EXCHANGED
Pleasant Resolutions Congratu
late Vice- President Stevenson
and Speaker Reed.
PENSION BILLS ARE PASSED.
Bnt the Hardest Work in the Senate
Is the Effort to Kill
Time.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.— If the
Fifty-fourth Congress has been a "do
nothing session," as has been predicted, the
closing day of the Senate furnished a fit
ting culmination. It was a day of inactive
drifting, a laborious effort to kill time by
doing nothing until 4 o'clock, when, ac
cording to the concurrent resolution of
yesterday, the two houses were to ad
journ.
The Senate was called to order at 11
o'clock, when the District of Columbia ap
propriation bill was received and imme
diately signed by the Vice- President, thus
disposing of the last of the general appro
priation bills so far as the legislative
branch was concerned. A bill was passed
granting a pension to the widow of Gen
eral W. H. Gibson of Ohio. The Senate
dragged along until 1:20 o'clock, the only
business transacted being the appoint
ment of a committee to wait on the Presi
dent and inform him that Congress was
ready to adjourn, and the appointment of
another committee, provided for in the
District of Columbia appropriation bill, to
investigate the charitable and reformatory
institutions in Washington.
At 1:20 a recess was taken until 3
o'clock, when the usual resolution of
thanks to the Vice-President and Presi
dent pro tempore, were offered by Senators
Allison of lowa and Harris of Tennessee,
respectively, and unanimously agreed to.
The galleries were almost deserted during
the early hour of the session, but knots of
visitors continued to come in slowly until
the hour of adjournment, so that when
the hour "arrived and the Vice-President
delivered his valedictory, he had a good-
Bized audience in the galleries, a large
number of whom were ladies, even though
there were but twenty-five Senators pres
ent at that interesting moment. As the
Vice- President uttered the last words and
the gavel fell for the last time, there was
a faint outburst of applause, after which
Senators gathered in knots in aisles and
before the Speaker's desk bidding each
other good-by. Then the Senators on the
floor and the visitors in the galleries
znelt&Z away, and the chamber which has
been the scene of so many stirring inci
dents was left to ttie pages and attendants
until the first Monday in December next
The Senate met at 11 o'clock, and a few
minutes iater went into executive session.
Before the doors were closed, however, a
bill granting a pension to the widow of Gen
eral William H. Gibson of Ohio was passed,
and the Vice-president affixed his signa
ture to the District of Columbia appropria
tion bill — the last of the general appro
priation bills. The doors were reopened
at 11:20.
At 11:40 a batch of House bills was laid
before the Senate and referred to the
proper committees, after which the Senate
relapsed into its former drifting condi
tion.
At 12:50 a committee consisting of Sher
man (R.) of Ohio and Smith (D.) of New
Jersey was appointed to co-operate with a
similar committee from the House to in
form the President that Congress was
ready to adjourn unless he had some other
communication to make.
At 3 o'clock, after the Vice-President had
rapped for order, Harris (D.) of Tennessee
moved that the Senate proceed to the con
sideration of executive business, and the
galleries were cleared. The executive ses
sion was of short duration, and a few min
utes later the doors were reopened, and
the crowd gradually drifted back into the
galleries.
At 3:15, Sherman and Smith, the com
mittee appointed to act with a committee
of the House to call upon the President,
returned to the Senate and stated that they
had discharged their duty, And the Execu
tive had no further communication to
make to Congress.
At 3:25. Harris (D.) of Tennessee offered
the following resolution, which was unani
mously adopted:
Resolved, That the thanks of the Senate are
hereby tendered to the Hon. William P. Frye,
president pro tempore of the Senate, for the
courteous dignified and able manner in which
he has presided over its deliberations during
the present session.
A similar resolution was offered on the
part of the Republicans by Allison, ten
kering the thanks of the Senate to the
Vice- President for the dignified, impartial
and courteous manner in which he had
presided over its deliberations.
Promptly at 4 o'clock the Vice-Presi
dent arose, and slowly and clearly deliv
ered the following valedictory:
"Senators, I am deeply touched by the
resolutions personal to myself adopted by
the Senate. It has been my earnest en
deavor impartially to execute the rules
prescribed for the guidance of this body.
Fur the aid you have so generously given
roe in the discharge of the duties that per
tain to this office, as well as to the cour
tesy uniformly shown me, I am profoundly
grateful. And now, wishing each a safe
return to homes and constituents, it only
remains for me to declare the first session
of the Fifty-fourth Congress adjourned
without delay."
Then, with a tap of the gavel, the Sen
ate stood adjourned sine die.
SHORTEST OF "LONG" SESSIONS.
(iently and Quietly the House Takes an
A djournment.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.— The
first session of the Fifty-fourth Congress
gently and quietly, almost without inci
dent, glided into history to-day at 4
o'clock, the shortest "long" session of
Congress, with two exceptions, in the his
tory of the Government. There was a
Diarked difference between the close to
cuiy and that of the Fifty-first Congress,
the last previous Republican Congress.
Then there was a bitter conflict raging be
tween Speaker Reed and the minority, and
no one of the latter was found to introduce
the usual resolution of thanks to the pre
siding officer. To-day Mr. Turner, the
secoud Democratic member of the Com
mittee on Ways and Means, acting for the
minority in the absence of ex-Speaker
Crisp, offered a resolution thanking
Speaker Reed for the "ability, faithfulness
and strict impartiality" with which he had
discharged the duties of his diffi
cult position, and at tho sug
gestion of Dockery and other
Democrats there was a rising vote that
the expression of heartiness back of the
resolution might thereby be emphasized.
In his closing remarks Speaker Reed of
fered his grateful recognition for the
honor, saying: "The thauks of the House
of Representatives is always a high honor,
but especially so at the end of a session
where the Speaker has been forced to say,
'No' more times than perhaps in the his
tory of any other Congress."
In the course of the session a number of
private pension and relief bills were
passed and Representatives Pitney (R.) of
New Jersey, Blue (R.) of Kansas and
Dockery (D.) of Missouri were appointed
members on the part of the House of a com
mission to sit durinc the summer and in
vestigate the charities of the District of
Columbia.
When Speaker Reed's gavel fell at 11
A. m. less than forty members were in their
seats and not a hundred spectators all told
in the galleries.
Speaker Reed announced the signing by
him of the District of Coinmbia appropri
ation bill.
Dingley (R.) of Maine introduced the
usual resolution authorizing the appoint
ment of a committee of three to join a
similar committee on the part of the Sen
ate to notify the President that Congress
was ready to adjourn. It was agreed to
and Dingley, Cannon (R.) of Illinois and
Savers (D.) of Texas were named by the
Speaker.
Turner (D.) of Georgia offered the fol
lowing resolution: "That the thanks of
this House are due to the Hon. Thomas B.
Reed, Speaker, for ability, faithfulness and
strict impartiality with which he has per
formed the duties of his office."
The resolution was adopted by a unan
imous vote.
At 12:40 o'clock the House took a recess
until 2 o'clock.
At the reassembling a message was re
ceived from the President announcing his
approval of sundry bills, including the ap
propriation bills sent him this morning.
A message was received from the Senate
informing the House that the resolution
providing for the appointment of a com
mittee to visit the President had been
passed. Sherman appeared on the floor to
notify the House members that he and
Smith were ready to start.
While the committee were absent sev
eral private bills were passed. Owens asked
the passage of one granting a pension of
$25 a month to a Kentucky veteran of the
Mexican war. The House Committee on
Pensions recommended that the amount
be reduced to $15, and the House voting to
make that change, Owens withdrew the
bill.
The next bill was one championed by
Hainer (R.) of Nebraska, granting a pen
sion of $72 a month to a Union veteran,
which was passed.
Owens— That shows the difference be
tween Nebraska and Kentucky. The House
thought $25 a month too much to give a
veteran of my Stat», while it votes $72 to
one no more deserving in Nebraska.
The House refused the request of Rich
ardson (D.) of Tennessee to consider a
Senate resolution providing for a reprint
of 10,000 copies of the proceedings of the
Berlin silver commission. It transpired
that this was a commission appointed by
the German Emperor, the United States
Navy being represented.
An incident then occurred which blocked
the transaction of business. Marsh (R.)
of Illinois asked consideration of a bill "to
grant an honorable discharge to Chris
topher G. Cummins," and Bailey (D.) of
Texas, who had made two or three pre
viously unsuccessful attempts to get the
floor, again essayed it. His purpose was
to yield to Maguire (D.) of California, who
wanted, it was understood, to say a few
words about Dingley's remarks on the
political and financial situation last year,
and did not desire to asfc recognition in
his own right.
Marsh relused to yield to Bailey and be
moved the previous question on this bill.
The vote on division was 60 to 6. No
quorum votjd and this necessitated a com
bined vote and a call of the House under
the Tucker rule. While it was in progress
an arrangement was effected by which the
bill was open for debate.
Maguire took ten minutes in which to
argue against the assertion made by Ding
ley yesterday that the Nation had been
prosperous under the protective tariff sys
tem, and Bailey ten more in which to
charge the Republicans with holding in
abeyance a question — that of restricting
thepower of the President to sell bonds —
which three months ago they expressed
themselves as ready and willing to discuss
and determine. He drifted into the cur
rency question and won some applause by
asserting that no considerable number of
American citizens had nothing but disgust
for a party that had not the courage to un
equivocally declare itself.
Marsh expressed the opinion that after
the magnificent efforts of the two gentle
men in behalf of the old soldiers [laughter]
the House must be ready for a vote. It
was and the bill was passed.
Dingley, accompanied by Cannon and
Bayers, appeared and stated that he and
his associates had discharged the duty de
volved upon them. "The President told
us," he said, "that he had no further com
munication to make and extended his con
gratulations to Congress upon the early
completion of its business." There still
remain d a qi'Tter of an hour of the ses
sion and several additional private pension
bills were passed by unanimous consent.
In the last hour the galleries gradually
filled up, until at 4 o'clock, when Speaker
Reed delivered the valedictory address,
they were crowded to much more than
their comfortable capacity.
The last bill passed granted a pension of
$72 a month to Captain H. A. F. Worth,
formerly of the Sixth United States In
fantry. Two or three members were on
their feet asking questions that threatened
to exhaust the last minutes, but Wheeler
(D.) of Alabama ran to the front saying:
"He was my classmate at West Point, and
I love him."
"I« he helpless?" asked Blue.
"He is."
"Then I withdraw my objection." And
the bill passed.
The Sneaker's brief remarks were heard
in deep silence. He said:
Gentlemen of Hie House of Representatives:
Before pronouncing those words which close
the session, I desire to offer to the House my
grateful recognition of its kindness. The
thanks of the House of Representatives is
always an honor, but is specially so at the end
of a session where the Speaker has been lorced
to say "no" more times, perhaps, than in tne
history of any other Congress. While thank
ing you for your kindness to me, I must con
gratulate the House on its conduct of the
public business. Ordinarily a majority of two
and a half to one, a majority oi 150, means '
disorganization, faction and discord.
In this House 150 new members ofboth par
ties have behaved with the steadiness of
veterans, and if our connection with other
branches of Government with different ideas
has prevented us from serving the country as
I we might have done, we at least have behaved
with dignity, fairness and credit. With the
kindest personal wishes to you all, I again re
turn thanks. By virtue of the concurrent
resolution of both branchesl declare this House
adjourned without day.
At the fail of the gavel there was a great
outburst of applause on the floor and in the
galleries, and in the midst of the uproar
the first session of the Fifty-fourth Con
gress adjourned sine die.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
TRAGEDY OVER A
TULARE DITCH
Grant Smith Is Killed by
His Brother-in-Law,
Ben Dice.
OLD FAMILY QUARREL.
Water for Irrigation Had Long
Been a Bone of Con
tention.
MRS. DICE CUT SMITH'S DAM.
When the Latter Remonstrated With
His Sister He Was Shot Dead
by Her Husband.
VISALIA, Cal., June 11.— Trouble has
been expected this spring along Tule
River over the division of water, and this
expectation was horribly realized near
Tipton, in the south part of Tulare
County. M. Grant Smith was shot dead
last night by his brother-in-law, Ben
Dice. Both are well known and well-to-do
farmers. Mrs. Ben Dice owns land below
Mark Smith's ranch. Grant Smith, Mrs.
Dice's brother, rented Mark's place. Origi
nally the father of the Smiths owned a
two-thirds interest in a share of the main
ditch and had given his interest to Mrs.
Dice and Mark Smith.
The ditch over which the dispute arose
was a side ditch, built by John Woods and
Grant and Mark Smith. Grant claimed
that Dice should pay his proportion of the
expense of this ditch. This Dice refused
to do, and insisted on his right to run
water through the side ditch to his land.
Wednesday morning Dice started up to
the main ditch for the purpose of turning
the water down.
Finding some dams placed in the ditch
by Grant, he cut them out on his way up.
Returning home later in the evening he
and bis wife drove up to a dam in the ditch
opposite Grant's residence, intending to re
move it. Dice took with him a double
barreled shotgun loaded with buckshot.
Dice told his wife to get out and cut the
dam, as she owned the water right. Dice
remained in the buggy. Mrs. Dice took a
shovel and began digging out the dam.
While doing so her brother Grant, seeing
them, came out and remonstrated. He
asKed his sister what she was doing. She
told him she intended to cut out the dam.
"You can't do it, nor your husband can' t,
nor any of you folks," was Grant's reply.
At the same time he grasped his sister
by the arm to stop her work.
While they were scuffling a rifle, which
had been previously fastened on a post
near by, was fired off. Immediately after
ward Ben Dice jumped out of his buggy
and fired point-blank at Grant, Killing
him almost instantly.
Dice and his wife at once returned home
and then drove to Tipton, where he gave
himself up to the officer and was brought
here after midnight.
At the Coroner's inquest held to-day the
jury found that deceased was 31 years old
and came to his death by a gunshot wound
at the hands of Ben Dice.
The rifle referred to as being on the post
had been strapped there, the post being
on the baiiK of the ditch overlooking the
dam. A string was tied to the trigger,
passed over a wire and laid across tne dam
in such a way that any one interfering
with the dam would cause the rifle to be
discharged. The jury found the rifla ball
buried in the ground about six inches deep.
Dice refuses to talk and is acting queeriy
this afternoon.
INTERESTS THE COAST
Speaker Reed Prevents Consider
ation of the Mineral
Lands Bill.
Nevada's Ex-Marshal Reimbursed
New California Postmasters.
Patentees and Pensions.
i
WASHINGTON, D. C, June . 11.—Rep
resentatives Johnson of California and
Ellis of Oregon called on Speaker Reed to
day and again urged him to allow the
mineral lands bill to be considered, but hi
positively refused and all chances of con
sideration are dead for the present.
Representative NewJands of Nevada to
day succeeded in passing the Senate bill
paying James A. Moore, ex-United States
Marshal of Nevada, $1000 for a deficiency
in his salary. Mr. Moon; now resides in
San Francisco.
A postoffice has been established at Tru
body, Napa County, James L. Davis being
appointed Postmaster. , J. T. McAdama
has been appointed Postmaster of Chinese
Camp, Tuolumne County, vice Saul Mor
ris, resigned; T. Reid at Groveland,
Tuolumne County, vice Casper Koch, re
moved; William Darby at Horr, Stanis
laus County, vice Minert Nelson, deceased;
Mrs. Emeline Ferguson at , Picaco, San
Diego County, vice J. M. Mendiville, re
signed.
: California patents— R. Barney,
San Francisco, implement for weighing
and measuring powder charges; William
Curlett, San Francisco, valve; John W.
Currier, Los Angeles, billiard-chalk
holder; Thomas E. Fogalsang, Sacra
mento, galvanic battery; George E. Hoyt,
San Francisco, igniting apparatus for gas
or explosive engines; Richard E. Kelly,
Alameda, bicycie-alarm; C. K. Lamb, San
Francisco, filter; Louis A. Larsen, San
Francisco, bicycle brake; William J. Mc-
Coy, Santa Barbara, trousers stretcher;
Louis R. Tulloch, Angels Camp, ore con
centrator and feed mechanism for ore con
centrators. ,
Pensions for Calif ornians: Original—
Edwin James, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles; Andrew Johnson, China Flat;
Charles N. Goulding, Veterans' Home,
Napa; Thomas Woodruff, San Francisco;
Aaron Rodley. B.ikersfield ; Robert C. Ball,
San Diego; William Raver, Soldiers'
Home; Frank Hewitt, Veterans' Home,
apa.
Increase— Frederick Forster, San Fran
cisco. ~
Original widows— Metta Swartz, Tulare.
— • — - — ■
dominations Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.-The
Senate has confirmed the following
nominations: David N. Burke of New
York, Consul-General at Tangier, Moroc
co; George F. Smithera of Delaware, Con
sul at Chung King, China; Abram R.
Severn of New York, chief examiner of
the Civil Service Commission.
, NEW TO-DAY— CLOTHING.
£L Record Be w f*J* e a
®®(sXs)®®<aXs>®«<i^^
CLIMAX
■• "'■■-".:-.. ; .o:;v': ; -5'.:.v-;-i --1t..-.,-- ■• ;;;•■- ,-.-'.:.,■• :»v-' v v-Y- ,■■■. -f .-■■■■. .-
X X X X To-day we touch the lowest -point ever quoted in
%* v v v our great State for the highest class merchandise
y V v V ever orou to it. The fabrics alone represent the
V X V y very cleverest and newest things Tinown to the fash-
A { Jt A X ionable world and conceded to be correct as to style
X X A X and coloring.
The tailoring is such that places these garments on a footing with the
best efforts of your very highest priced tailor in all Frisco. The linings and
trimmings, the general ensemble of the garments give 'em an air of coiTect-
ness that only good tailoring can give to a lifeless piece of cloth.
Some 2000 of these Suits, all pretty, bright Spring colorings ; $15 was the
price for some ; $12 for others, but $15 was the price for most of em.
We have selected our big corner window to place these Suits on exhibition ;
one glance into that window will demonstrate their true worth ; the colorings
are pretty ; they're bewilderingly handsome.
TJie window doesn't half tell the tale, but the price does the work.
For some few days these remarkably clever Suits, an undivided pick and
choice from 2000 of these Suits, the very highest class tailor-made garments,
at .
= DAPHAFI S
"Hints From a Big Store," our H^ Am. M 11 1! /m I I j^ J
new book for shopping by mail, '^^
is ready. Your name please and (INCORPORATED).
we'll mail it to you. SAN FRANCISCO'S GREATEST CLOTHIERS,
= - 9, ii, 13 and 15 Kearny Street.
UP WITH THE
OLD BEAR FLAG
Memorable $ Epoch in the
History of Early
California.
NATIVE SONS AT SONOMA
There Will Be a Grand Street
Parade and an Old-Time
Barbecue.
PIONEERS AND THEIR FLAG.
A Great State Day— President H. C.
Gesford's Address and M. C.
Allen's Oration.
SONOMA, Cal., June 11.— By a singular
coincidence the raising of the Bear flag
fifty years ago in the historic old plaza of
Sonoma took place on June 14, which is
United States flag day, so that when on
next Saturday the children of the public
schools are celebrating the one hundred
and nineteenth anniversary of the adop
tion of the stars and stripes, the Mexican
War Veterans, California Pioneers and
Native Sons and Daughters will be here
to commemorate the day when the Bear
flag was first raised and the steps taken
which probably saved California to the
Union.
All arrangements for the great event are
now about completed. The town 13 in
carnival attire. Two big arches have been
constructed, and bunting in profusion
decks all the principal buildings.
The programme announced is as follows:
Grand parade on arrival of the San Francisco
and North Pacific Railway train; music,
Sonoma Valley band; address of welcome.
Mayor Henry Shipp; introductory remarks,
President of the Day H. C. Gesforrl, grand
president N. G. S. W. ; raising ot the Bear flag,
three survivors of the original Bear-flag party;
historical essay, Hon. R. A. Thompson of Santa
Rosa; oration, Merton C. Allen; barbecue at
IP. M.
The exercises will take place on a plat
form erected in the northeast corner of the
plaza close to the flagstaff, and within a
stone's throw of the big adobe building
occupied by General Vallejo when he was
surrounded and made a prisoner by the
sturdy Bears. Every preparation is being
m&de for the entertainment of visitors.
The original plan of a three days' celebra
tion has been abandoned, as it would be
impossible to accommodate thousands of
people for more than a day. The railroads
guarantee every facility for handling the
crowds and have made cheap excursion
rates. The festivities will conclude Satur
day night with a ball at Union Hall.
A MEMORABLE EPOCH.
Grand Celebration of the Bear Flag
Raisin? at Sonoma.
It will be a great day at Sonoma to
morrow. The celebration of the fiftieth
anniversary of the raising of the Bear flag
in California, June 14, 1846, will com
memorate a memorable historic event.
The Grand Parlor of the Native Sons of
the Golden West, at its latest session, ap
pointed Messrs. F. T. Dubring, Henry
Lundstedt, Robert P. Hill, C. M. Belshaw
and D. C. Martin, as a special arrange
ment committee to unite with the Native
Sons and citizens of Sonoma, in an ap
propriate observance of the day.
An exceptionally attractive programme
has already been prepared. It begins
with a grand street parade immediately
upon the arrival in Sonoma of the visitors
from this City. After a musical selection
by the Sonoma Valley band Mayor Henry
Shipo will deliver an address of welcome.
The Hon. H. C. Gesford, president of the
day and grand nresident of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, will follow with
an introductory address.
The Bear flag will then be raised with
due solemnity by the only three surviving
members of the original Bear flag party of
thirty, viz.: Henry Porterfield, livin§
four miles north of Napa City; Benjamin
F. Dewell of Upper Lake, Lake County,
and Henry Beeson of Anderson Valley,
near Boonville, Mendocino County.
A historical essay will be delivered by
the Hon. R. A. Thompson, editor of the
Santa Rosa Democrat, and a grand ora
tion by Merton C. Allen, the journalist, of
San Francisco.
The feature of the afternoon will be a
grand barbecue. It will be free to all and
be held in old Spanish style on the plaza.
There will be roasted bullocks sufficient to
satisfy the hunger of thousands.
The origin al Bear flag is one of the most
valuable records in possession of the So
ciety of California Pioneers. At the cele
bration on Saturday the Pioneers wil 1 be
represented and they will take the his
toric old flag with them.
It has been asked by many why Sonoma
should be selected as the scene of the cele
bration. The reason is that Sonoma for
merly was the only military post north of
of San Francisco bay and was consequently
the most important point in Northern Cal
ifornia in a military view. It was neces
sary to seize and hold it with its guns,
ammunition and supplies, which although
limited were yet of vast importance to the
Government of California.
Strange as it may seem it is still true
that no accurate history of the raising of
Bear flag at Sonoma on June 14, 1846, has
ever yet been written although the event
Above we show you two awfully
clever garments, . cut and made
by the very cleverest tailors ~ in '
America. English Homespuns
in light colorings, in mediums, .
in tans and pretty mixtures.
Right swell suits, you know.
Such garments as you go to your
tailor for and he is not capable
of turning out any sweller gar-
ments. An undivided pick to-
day from some nearly 2000
Suits. Not one of 'em in the
whole range worth less than,
$15, at
--$7.95-
THE BIG KEARNY STREET
STORE HAS NEVER BEEN
KNOWN TO DO THINGS'.
BY HAL EXCEPT . IN .
PRICE, AND HERE'S A
CASE WHERE HALF-
PRICE PREVAILS.
Our picture above shows you
two right smart garments, in
those Fine Black Twill Cheviots,
an awfully pretty and sightly
garments, and right cleverly
tailored, too.
%". 000000008525 £9
& 00 00 00 000 O 00 >*
There's no end of pretty Suits
in our Big Corner Window, and
beginning to-day we inaugurate
this sale and before the ink is
dry you will learn of its creat-
ing a furor in this town. A sin-
gle glance into that window will
demonstrate their worth. It's •
a sale we have inaugurated for,
the purpose of breaking all pre-
vious records, and it will accom-
plish the result.
—$7.95—
RAPHAEL'S
(Incorporated),
The San Francisco Boys,
WHERE THE BIG MASSES
TRADE.
forms a romantic epoch in the early history
of California. 9
It is true that H H. Bancroft has at
tempted to tell the story in detail, but he
has not succeeded in so doing. On the
contrary, he has belittled the event and
referred to it as being "of no importance
in the history of Caliiornia."
It is expected that from 500 to 1000 Na
tive Sons will go to Sonoma from this
City, taking along with them a fine band
of sixteen pieces. A special train will be
run for their accommodation to-morrow
by the San Francisco and North Pacific
Railway. Leaving here at 7:30 a. m. the
train will arrive in Sonoma at 9:27 a. m.
Returning it will leave Sonoma at 4 p. m.
and arrive in San Francisco at 6:15 p. v.
Everybody interested is counting upon a
big crowd and a jolly good time.
RICHES OF TACOMA'S SUICIDE.
Shares of Stock Held by Defaulter
Schulze Bring But a Paltry
Sum.
TACOMA, Wash., June 11.— The sal*
of the shares of stock which the late Paul
Schulze held at the time of his death did
not realize enough to pay the expenses of
administering his estate, only $289 55 be
ing obtained. A great portion of the
shares were in companies now insolvent.
According to the report of the adminis
trators, 1119 shares of stock in the Tacoma
Railway and Motor Company went fors3o,
one share in the Tacoma smelter for $10,
five in the Arlington Building Association
for $80, one in the Tacoma Chamber of
Commerce for $10, one in the North
American Company for 50 cents, five in
the Seattle Lake Shore and Eastern Rail
way for $1 50, 1000 shares in the Ruby Sil
ver Mining Company for 75 cents, ten in
the Washington Buildine Association for
$10, a claim against Decker, Howell & Co.
for $1604 70, for $2 50.
The other property, though advertised
for sale, could not be sold separately, but
J. E. McFarland offered 30 cents for the
lot and his bid was accepted. The court
has confirmed the sale.
34
VISALIA'S TRAIN
ROBBERY TRIAL
Britt Tells of Si Lovren's
Connection With the
Hold-Up.
THEY PLANNED MURDER
Witness Took a Shot at McCall
to Prevent Him Killing
a Man.
THE WOUNDED UNDER SHERIFF
Earl Daggett Relates His Experience
With the Bandits on the
Eventful Night.
VISALIA, Cal., June IL— When the
trial of Si Lovren was resumed this morn
ing Judge Gray stated that he thought he
had made an error in admitting over the
objection of defendant's attorney the tes
timony of Britt that McCall told him that
Lovrsn furnished the red cloth with which
the lantern was covered, and the first
half hour was consumed in the discussion
of the point by the attorneys. When the
jury was brought in, the court reconsid
ered its rulings on the subject and all the
evidence given by Britt about what Mc-
Call told him as to where he got the red
cloth and where a part of it was left was
stricken out and the jury was instructed
to disregard it.
Britt was then called to the stand for
further cross-examination. He did not
know that any officers would be at Goshen.
McCall told him that Lovren would bring
the gun out to the gate and for him to
stay at the cabin, and he did so. Witness
did not remember what was done with
the masks, sandals, sacks, etc., during the
day. In answer to a question by Juror
Lovelace, the witness said that at no time
had Lovren agreed to go with them to
Goshen, so far as he knew.
Mr. Hinds here read from the testimony
given by Britt at the preliminary ex
amination to show when the plans were
changed as to what train should be
stopped. Britt said he mentioned Lovren
and Ardell's names in the conversation he
had with Sheriff Merritt. The first inter
view with Sheriff Merritt was on the Fri
day evening prior to the robbery. The
witness was introduced to Ardell the
latter part of January and at a later date
to Lovren. Tne last time the witness had
talked with Lovren before the robbery was
the latter part of February. Britt said he
McCall and Haynes talked about kill
ing the engineer and fireman. The wit
ness was present when the dynamite was
delivered to McCall by Haynes. It was
agreed that the fireman was to be made to
come down and turn his face to the train
and be killed. McCall thought it might
be better to kill the fireman at once. "We
thought it best to have the engineer open
the door to the express-car and then kill
him."
The witness told this to the Sheriff, but
did not testify to this at the preliminary
examination. Britt understood that he
was to get one-third of the booty. Wit
ness said he shot at McCall while at
Goshen to keep him from killing a man.
Britt said he tried to kill McCall. He was
a little more than three or four yards from
McCall when he shot at him. The gun
had about twenty buckshot in it. He did
not hit McCall. The latter grumbled
some and told him to be more carefuL
A. T. Fowler testified to seeing Dan Mc-
Call and Frank Davenport near the scene
of the robbery the preceding Sunday. The
men drove into a field, returning in half
an hour.
Dr. Biodgett of Tulare identified the
bullet taken from Under Sheriff Daggett's
body, and the bullet was admitted in
evidence.
W. W. Wright, the engineer, testified
relative to the hght between McCall and
the deputies, Daggett and Reid.
M. L. Weaver, & gunsmith, identified
the guns.
Earl Daggett, Under Bhe riff, said: "On
the night of March 18 I was at Goshen
with Deputy Sheriff Reid. We went to
Tulare on the midnight train. We were
in the coal-tender. After leaving Goshen
we suddea#y heard a noise as if some one
was calling. Lookine around we saw a
man on the rear of the tender. Just then
I was shot. I shot at him, and the last I
saw of him he went np in the smoke.
Reid and myself went down to Goshen,
under direction from Sheriff Merritt. Britt
had intimated to the Sheriff that the plan
of the train-robbery might be changed.
Besides he thought it more probable that
the southbound train rather than the north
bound might be held up, for it carried
more treasure than the southbound. It
was not the understanding generally with
the Sheriff and his deputies that the
northbound was to be held up. Didn't
see Call or Britt at Goshen."
FOOIE WAS SOUTBERN FRIANDS
The I.os Angeles Delegation Wants Him
for Convention Chairman.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. June 11. —The
seemingly reliable information that
friends of W. W. Foote of Alameda
County will compel him to stand for the
chairmanship of the Democratic State
Convention at Sacramento has awakened
much interest among the unterrified in
this county. Foote has many warm
friends and admirers among the delegates
to the County Convention, which meets
here next Saturday. Expressions from
many leading men of the party indicate
that Foote can easily command a majority
of the delegation from this county to the
State Convention if he so desires. If the
unit rule prevails, which now seema proba
ble, friends of Foote may safely count on
thirty-nine votes in his behalf for the po
sition indicated. Frank Gould, the can
didate of Daggett and McNab, seems to be
losing ground all the time. Senator
White, who is expected home to-morrow
afternoon, can have the unanimous in
dorsement of the delegation for the chair-
manship if he wants i
WATER FOR SANTA ROSA.
An Arrangement by Which the -»tr Sys
tem. Can Be Utilized.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 11. — Owing
to the legal entanglements in which this
city is involved over the new water sys
tem, it is hard to determine who owns the
works and to whom the consumers of city
water are to look for a continuation of
the supply. If the city should formally
accept the completed system it would
probably be construed into contempt of
court on the part of the members of the
City Councii. Contractor Perkins is as yet
the* owner of the works, although paid for
with city funds, and has been operating
the system ever since its completion.
The Council last night determined to
enter into a contract with Mr. Perkins, to
run during the pendency of the action for
an injunction. Mr. Perkins agrees for the
sum of $400 per month to preserve the
works in its present condition and to sup
ply the city and its inhabitants with water
free of anyother charges during that time.
It was further resolved by the Council
that nothing in this contract should be
deemed an acceptance of the works, nor
should it be deemed as waiving or affecting
anyof the rights of tbe city or any rights
of Wesley Mock as a taxpayer or as plain
tiff in the action pending.
CAUGHT AT BAKERSFIELD.
Runaway Girls Apprehended and Returned
to Their Home in Los
Angeles.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 11.— Millie
Shaur and Clara Oman, the young ladies
who disappeared from this City last Satur
day, were apprehended in Bakersfield and
brought back in charge of Constable Tib
betts, who had been directed to arrest
them. Millie and Clara arrived at Bakers
field last Sunday morning, and Immedi
ately proceeded to devise a scheme for
raising ready cash. The Oman girl sug
gested the idea of inaugurating a social
dance. She at once acted on her own sug
gestion, had tickets printed, and succeeded
in selling between $40 and $50 worth to
susceptible and beauty-loving cavaliers of
Bakersfield.
This scheme was nipped in the
bud when a telegram from Chief of
Police Glass to Constable Tibbetts was
received. The lassies were placed un
der arrest and the mother of Miss
Shaur notified. Mrs. Shaur left for
Bakersfield Monday afternoon, and when
within two mile* of the station she left
the northbound train and, through the
kindness of the trainmen, flagged the train
on which her daughter and Miss Oman
were passengers.
On arrival of the trio in this city, Mrs.
Shaur took the girl to her home at 740
South Spring street. She stated that
Clara Oman came to live with her some
time ago, and that since her advent into
the. household she had a strange influence
over her daughter Millie, who is two years
younger. This Oman girl, she Baid, in
duced her daughter to leave home, and
her intention was to take her to San Fran
cisco.
THE DAUGHTERS AT NAPA
Devote a Day to Discussing Pro
posed Changes in the
Constitution.
Congratulatory Telegrams From Vari
ous Sources— Sight-Seeing Be- -
tween Sessions.
NAPA, Cal., June IL— The Grand Par
lor, N. D. G. W., spent most of Thursday
morning in the discussion of tne proposed
changes in the constitution. These
changes are more apparent than real, the
purpose of the committee on revision
being to embody in the constitution the
rulings of the grand presidents and the
resolutions adopted at previous grand
parlors and to eliminate apparent con
flicts in various sections rather than to add
any new rules.
The invitation of the Stockton Admis
sion day celebration committee was ac
cepted. An invitation waa also received
and accepted to take charge of the
Women's day during the celebration at
Monterey next month in commemoration
of the formal taking possession of Califor
nia by the United States. The grand
president was empowered to appoint a
committee, of which she should be chair
man, to take the matter in charge. A
committee was also appointed to procure
a suitable engraved stone for the Sloat
monument.
Tte Grand Parlor decided to -visit the
grave of the late Grand Marshal Evelyn
Packard in Tulocay Cemetery at 8 o'clock
to-morrow morning and to place thereon
a floral piece in the form of a canopy.
The funeral ode will be sung and a part of
the ritual read. The usual rule of the
Grand Parlor is to exemplify the secret
wort on Thursday evening of the session,
but the nomination, election and installa
tion of grand officers were made a special
orderMor to-night, the rules being sus
pended by a unanimous vote.
The board of relief, a corporation separ
ate from the Grand Parlor, yet connected
therewith, met during the morning and
appointed a committee to visit the hospi
tals of San Francisco for the purpose of
making arrangements to endow a bed in
one of them. The committee is to report
at the next meeting of the board, which
will be during the next Grand Parlor.
A number of telegrams were received
from Sonora expressing satisfaction over
the selection of that town for the next
Grand Parlor.
Ethel N. Morrison of Sonora, an ex
grand trustee, wired to Gravel President
Bertola: "Shall receive you witn open
arms in '97."
C. H. Burden, a prominent pioneer of
Sonora, sent the following telegram to the
Sonora delegation: "Mrs. Van Herlingen,
Miss Hall and Mrs. Conrad — Accept con
gratulations. We shall have a grand
time, for there's room enough for all."
Dardeneiles Parlor telegraphed the fol
lowing greeting: "The glorious news re
ceived. Everybody is enthusiastic. Sonora
will kill the fatted calf. The whispering
pines are carrying the news from one to
another to the tops of the high Sierras.
Accept our thanks."
After the adjournment of the Grand
Parlor in the afternoon the citizens took
the delegates in their carriages and drove
them about the adjoining country. All
the points of interest hereabouts were
visited. The asylum, the General Miller
place, Estee's and Hagan's and a dozen
other beautiful spots were shown to the
visitors, and some were taken to the Napa
Soda Springs.
At half-past 7 the Grand Parlor re
convened for the evening session.
The election of grand officers was made
the order at once, but the election dragged
ofl until midnight. The following officers
were elected:
Grand president— Mrs. Mary Tlllman, Mi
nerva Parlor, San Francisco.
Grand vice- presideut— Mrs. Belle Conrad,
Dardanelles Parlor, Sonora,
Grand secretary — Mra. Georgia C. Ryan,
Buena Vista Parlor, San Francisco.
Grand treasurer (for the ninth term)— Mrs.
Inge Faure, Alta Parlor, San Francisco.
Grand marshal (for the fourth term)— Mrs.
Edith Laird, Princess Parlor, Oakland.
Grand Inside sentinel— Miss Annie Kerrins,
Mariposa Parlor, Mariposn.
Grtwid outside sentinel— Miss Edith Bonestel,
Las Palmas Parlor, Ventura.
Grand trustees— Mrs. Helene Juarez, Eshcol
Parlor, Napa; Miss Lizzie Douglass, Alta Par
lor, San Francisco; Mrs. Maud Anderson, An
derson; Miss Emma Gett, California Parlor,
Sacramento; Mrs. Emma Mauzer, Oro Fino'
Parlor, San Francisco.
Laving liailg in Merced.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 11.—Superin
tendent McFarland of the Valley Railroad
said this morning that the tracklayers
were busy now laying the sidetracks in
.Merced. They would probably finish this
work to-morrow, and then would begin
work on the ten-mile stretch south of
Merced.
The war of devolution was waged by
Louis XIV against Spain to enforce his
claims to the Netherlands, which he held
should fall to him by "le droit de devolu
tion," this being the law by which the
dower of a wife descends to her children.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
TOOTH ARTISTS
AT SANTA CRUZ
Dr. R. H. Cool of Oakland
Elected President of the
Association.
THE MARCH OF SCIENCE
Bridge-Building, Crown-Raising
and Nerve-Soothing
Exemplified.
DR. KING'S ORIGINAL METHODS
Old Jaws Made as Good as New in
Less Time Than It Takes to
Tell About It.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., Jnnn 11.-Dr. Rus
sell H. Cool of Oakland was this afternoon'
elected president of the California State
Dental Association in convention here.
Dr. R. H. Cool's election lacked only four
votes of being unanimous. Dr. L. Van
Orden of San Francisco and Dr. C. L. God
dard,^also of San Francisco, were nomi
nated; but their friendly advocates and
supporters soon saw that Dr. Cool's elec
tion was a certainty, and gave way grace
fully. The election at this convention was
not of such an exciting character as that
of a year ago at San Francisco, when the
present president-elect and Dr. Van Orden
were defeated by Dr. Irvin W. Hays Jr. of
Grass Valley.
The balance of the officers-elect are:
First, second and third vice-presidents re
spectively—E. F. Metcalf, Sacramento;
Walter F. Lewis, Oakland ; L. Van Orden,
San Francisco. Recording secretary, W. Z.
King, San Francisco; corresponding secre
tary, F. C. Pague, San Francisco.
The retiring president, Dr. Hays, has
proven in every way satisfactory to the as
sociation. The rules have been closely ob
served, and Dr. Hays' reputation for earn
estness in the advancement of dental
science and the progress of the State Asso
ciation have been practically demonstrated
during his term as president.
Dr. Cool comes into the office with much
promise of active and useful work. Born
on this coast and experiencing the tutelage
of his father, Dr. George W. Cool, a
pioneere er dentist, he has built for himself a
name in the profession that easily places
him in the front ranks of tne young
practitioners of California.
After a drive of three hours this morn
ing, indulged in by a large number of the
members, the clinics were begun at 9
o'clock, attracting the attendance of a
number of visitors, who evinced a deal of
interest in the demonstrations.
Dr. A. N. Copaey of San Francisco
demonstrated the method for making a
gold bridge attached to a jacket crown.
This was to show the combination of a
gold bridge attached to a jacket crown
lateral without a conspicuous display of
gold, obtaining at the same time the
strength of the gold for mastication in
the bridge.
Dr. Copsey also gave a clinic on swadg
ing shell crowns and the mode of attach
ing the facing to the shell by means of
Hill's stopping, holding it in place during
the first bake.
Dr. A. H. Mories of Alameda mounted a
shoulder-pin crown. The crown is a new
one first being introduced. It is set on tbe
natural root and cannot be distinguished
from tho natural tooth.
Dr. W. Z. King of San Francisco demon
strated an original method of bacsing a
porcelain crown without investing; the
facing is first backed without investing
and then it is attached to the post without
investing. To invest and wait for it to set
would require an hour each time; thus
two hours are saved in the construction of
a crown.
Dr. A. M. Baker of San Jose demon
strated the backing of tbe tooth on any
porcelain tooth for bridge work. The
principal features of it are the saving of
material, an improvement in not exposing
the gold on the cutting edge of the tooth
and having at the same time a solid foun
dation in the gold jacket and not depend
ing on the pins alone for strength and also
the saving of time, being able to make the
crown in ten minutes.
Dr. J. E. Cumming placed a shell crown
on a left superia latera with a live pulp.
The reasons for placing such a crown
were that the tooth was irregular and had
two large, unsightly, gold fillings, and
that the placing of such a crown would
store a natural and artistic appearance
and would protect the whole crown with
out devitalizing the nerve, still leaving
the tooth in such a condition that any or
dinary crown could be mounted later if
desired.
Dr. Clyde Payne of Ban Francisco dis
tinguished himself by demonstrating his
anesthetic, proving to the members that
dental operations can be performed with
out pain. Dr. Payne's original and un
tiring scientific investigation to make
r dentistry painless for the benefit of the
profession and suffering humanity has ac
complished results of inestimable value in
The pretty little village in Modoc County was almost totally destroyed by a waterspout last Friday.
Every structure it contained was wholly or partially demolished, some of the buildings with all they con
tained being borne away by the torrent that swept down from the skies. The Lake Cityites are now liv
ing in tents, awaiting the arrival of material with which to rebuild their homes and business houses.
the advancement of the profession. The
true significance of this discovery becomes
more apparent when it is considered that
anesthetics of any kind were unknown a
few years ago and that local anesthetics
especially are of recent discovery, and up
to the time of Dr. Payne's researches their
use was attended with serious danger to
the patient.
The afternoon session was largely con
sumed in the election of officers. At the
conclusion of the election of officers the
reading and discussion of papers were re
sumed, beginning with the "Report of the
Committee on Pathology and Surgery,"
read by Dr. W. R. Meek of Oakland. The
report recorded the operations that have
been introduced to the profession since
the Midwinter Fair Dental Congress, to
which in that time greater attention was
given than in years before that. "Catch
ing's Compendium" had corroborated that
assertion, which contained twenty-five ex
cerpts from the work performed in this
State. Dr. Meek gave the credit for this
advancement to the Stomatological Club
of San Francisco. The report names Drs.
William J. Younger, Brophy, Black, Har
lan, Talbot, Pierce, Reeves, Crowley and
Russell H. Cool, president-elect of the
State association.
rD. Meek referred particularly to Dr.
Younger's treatment of pyorrhsea alveolaris
and his methods of implantation. In the
discussion following Dr. Cool spoke in
earnest appreciation of Dr. Younger's
successes in dentistry.
Dr. Lenris read the "Report of the Com
mittee on Therapeutics" and Dr. Max
Sichel of San Francisco described a patent
cement he had invented and received
many commendatory expressions from
the members for his practical work.
SKIPS FROM SAN DIEGO
A Prominent Real Estate Dealer
Levants Under Peculiar
Circumstances.
Leaves Many Creditors and a Badly
Mixed Bank Draft Compli
cation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 11. — Max Dal
los, who was for years a prominent dealer
in real estate in this city, has disappeard,
and in addition to leaving a number of
creditors to mourn their loss, leaves be
hind him a bank draft complication that
will give him some trouble to explain.
Dallos received a duplicate draft for $200
from a brother in Germany about the end
of March last. It is said to be the custom
of European banks to issue duplicates of
all drafts, one payable to the first order
and another made payable to the second.
They are mailed on separate days, and the
duplicate is issued in case the first should
be lost in transit. Both were received here
by Dallos, and the original cashed at the
First National Bank, Dallos receiving for
it the face value.
During the week of the fiesta at Los
Angeles Dallos left here for a few days, as
he said, to take in the celebration. While
in that city he met A. Blochman of this
city, and at Dallos' request he was intro
duced at one of the banks there, and cashed
a draft, which Mr. Blochman now believes
was the duplicate draft, receiving again
its face value.
All went merry, and Dallos doubtless
enjoyed the Bights of the fiesta, with
money enough to take in everything. But
during that time tbe draft cashed at Los
Angeles was speeding on its way for pay
ment at San Francisco. It had been an
ticipated just about a month by the pre
vious draft, and, therefore, was returned
to Los Angeles unpaid.
Then there was an effort made to find
Dallos, but he Had gone and has not since
been located by those most desirous of
meeting him. In fact he seemed to have
dropped out of sight until a day or so ago,
when his mourning landlord received a
letter from Dallos written on the letter
head of H. W. Weineke, Los Angeles, in
which he explained that he did not intend
to return to San Diego for the present and
through failure to find work he was un
able to remit the $60 due for room rent.
This letter was handed over to the offi
cers. Dallos came here about nine years
ago and at one time transacted a big busi
ness in the city.
MADERA'S MONOMANIAC.
Magoon, the Slayer of McOurk, Com-
mitted, to the Asylum.
MADERA, Cal., June 11.— The exam
ination of Richard Magoon, the man who
killed William McGurk at Ahwahnee a
few months ago, wasjbegun in the Superior
Court Monday afternoon to determine
whether or not he is sane. Drs. F. R.
Brown and W. C. Reid were the examin
ing physicians. A few witnesses were
sworn, but the physicians stated that they
would be unable to report, as there was
not sufficient testimony to prove that he
was or was not insane. The matter was
continued until Wednesday morning.
Wednesday, the physicians having con
cluded the examination, tendered their
report to the Superior Court. They found
after diagnosing the case that Magoon is
afflicted with a monomania which leads
him to defend his life by killing his sup
posed enemies. Magoon had a similar at
tack some time previous, but was pre
vented from doing violence by being in
carcerated in Stockton. Acting on the re
port of the physicians Jndse Conley is
sued an order committing Magoon to the
Insane Asylum at Stockton. The unfor
tunate man will be taken there to-mor
row morning.
A Field Day at Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 11.— The S. A. A.
annual field day was held to-day on the
college campus at Santa Clara. A mass at
at St. Claire's Church by Rev. Father
Raggio ushered in the day's festivities,
after which the members of the associa
tion repaired to the campus, where a
salute of 100 guns was fir#l in honor of the
day.
LAKE CITY AS IT WAS.
OH THE LAZY
SAN LORENZO
Fetes in Honor of a Beau
. tiful Queen of Car
nival.
SCENES IN SANTA CRUZ,
Gay Floats on Which Merry
Men and Pretty Women
. Hold Sway.
NATURE'S GLORIES ENHANCED.
A Splendid Island Palace Erected
for Her Gracious Fiestan
Majesty.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 11.— The Ban
Lorenzo River hardly knows itself since
the carnival committee got to work. It
has to turn over in its bed several times
every morning before it can realize that it
has got something to do and must get a
move on it. Ordinarily it is a lazy little
stream and sleeps the livelong day, or
drowses along between its shaded banks
on its listless way to the ocean.
Now it finds itself a lake, where before it
was a streamlet. Just as it is ready to
glide into the Bay of Monterey it is
checked by a barricade. This obstruction
was erected at the command of the Vene
tian Water Carnival Association, and the
waters of the stream are forced back till
they form a great lake, located between
the two bridges designated as "the cov
ered bridge" and "the cut-bias bridge."
There is a natural depression here,
which, when overflowed, gives to the City
of the Holy Cross, a carnival location such
as no other place in California can boast.
The semi-circle of the river's bank, lying
toward the town, forms a splendid location
for the arena.
The managers of last year's carnival
placed their audiences alone the curve,
giving each spectator a fine view of the
stream. But they did not appreciate all
the natural advantages of the spot. There
is a bit of raised ground opposite the
arena, which is not overflowed when the
raceway at tbe dam is closed. On this
prominence the present carnival associa
tion has built a palace for the Queen. Her
throne is in front of it, while along either
side are decorations that give tbe place
the appearance of a grand mansion with
adjoining gardens.
The last Queen had not this beautiful
place of vantage from which to give her
commands to the people whose pleasures
she directed and controlled. Then the
Queen was obliged to find her resting
piace among her subjects on a throne
General View of Corral Hollow, tbe Alameda County Terminal of the New Road.
[From a photograph. ]
built in the center of the arena, where she
could only look upon the backs of the
populace. Now the people will see all
there is to be seen of the magnificent dis
play, and her Majesty and all her court
will sit facing those who occupy the arena.
Thus the royal household and the subjects
as well may view the Bpectacular events
on the river.
The scene of the fetes on the San Lo
renzo, which will attract so many visitors
to Santa Cruz, is within a block of the
carnival pavilion, which has its frontage
on Pacific avenue, the principal business
thoroughfare. It is easy and quick of
access, and when within the royal gates
one finds that, liKe the enterprising mer
chant, the carnival actors assure you that
it is no trouble to show goods. After
viewing a series of fetes, should a change
be desired there is a delightful bit of road
way along the river, leading to the beach.
While going that way it may be of interest
to inspect theartificiHl dam, erected under
the supervision of Chairman Raye in the
rockway that nature builded long before
man had gone into marine architecture.
On the east side of the river that is
point the bank forms a high bluff, and
some ten feet from this bank there stands,
in the bed of the stream, a great bowlder,
which forms one side of a narrow channel.
The sand rocks stretch from the west
bank, which is a mere slope of the main
land, to this wall of rock. The narrow
channel, or raceway, is provided with a
floodgate.
A little way to the south is the beautiful
bay, than which there is no more delight
ful harbor in all the waters of the Pacific.
There the United States men of war Phila
delphia and Monadnock are anchored off
the Sea Beach Hotel.
Farther down the beach are the broad
verandas of the Neptune baths. Thence
the electric cars furnish transportation to
the "downtown" part of the city.
ALL READY FOR THE WORD
Everything Prepared for the Santa Cruz
Water Carnival.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June IL— The
town is dressed to Kill. Pacific avenue is
picturesque in yellow and white; bunting
hangs from the electric wires and is draped
over the fronts of business houses; flags
are everywhere. The peculiar brightness
of the carnival colors is attractive and
pleasing to the eye and gives the im
pression of holiday times, in anticipation
of which the decorating is Deing done.
The citizens seemed for a time to be
moving slowly in the matter of decorating
their business houses in carnival colors
and until to-day only a few pleasing bits
had been placed. People were waiting,
however, for a start all together, with the
result that to-night the business portion
of the town is wearing gorgeous raiment
The Naval Reserve boys who will man
the mimic Monitor and will engage in
Dloodless battle with the Merrimac are in
good practice and are ready for Commo
dore BiaisdelPs crew. The Merrimac men
will go through their drill to-morrow
night.
The arena was lighted up this evening,
as was the Queen's palace, and a brilliant
display resulted, attracting the attention
of the hundreds of promenaders on the
avenue. The work of the committees is
progressing without a jar or hitch, which
gives assurance that everything will be in
readiness to entertain the visitors on
Wednesday next.
To-morrow is the last day upon which
floats may be entered for the carnival, and
a large number of additional ones are ex
pected to be added to the sixty-four already
named.
CORRAL HOLLOW ROAD
Material Arrives and the Work
of Track-Laying Will Be
Resumed.
Only Four Miles to B9 Covered, but
Skillful Engineering Is
Necessary.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 11.— The work
of track-laying on the Corral Hollow road
will be commenced again to-morrow.
There are about four miles more of track
to be laid, and the work will be hurried as
nearly all of the remaining track is on a
curve, and will require careful laying. To
have it in keeping with the rest of the
roadbed, on which the very best of work
has been put, the track-layers will not be
pushed, and it will be some time next
week before the road will reach the mines
in a completed condition. The material
for the rest of the track arrived yesterday.
This is what the men have been waiting
for, as the superintendent did not care to
undertake the work until all the material
was on hand.
To-morrow the dredger Ajax will be put
to work dredging the channel in front of
the property recently purchased from the
Farmers' Union and Milting Company by
the Coal Road. The water is at present
too shallow there to permit the steamers
to land with barges and it will be dredged
out to a considerable depth. The lumber
for the coal bunkers that have been erected
on this land has already been ordered and
will be landed on the spot where they are
to be erected. The people here are look
ing forward to the completion of the ioad
and the landing of the coal here with
much hope, as they feel that the cheap
fuel and the amount of business it will
bring to Stockton will be of great benefit
to the people of this city.
LOS ANGELES PETITION.
An Effort in Behalf of Imprisoned Sail'
road Strikers.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 11.— A Call
correspondent here to-day was shown a pe
tition by E. R. Holroan, secretary of the
Los Angeles County Councii of Labor, ad
dressed to President Cleveland asking for
the pardon of W. H. Clune, Philip Stan
wood and Isaac Ross, serving sentences of
eighteen months in the County Jail here,
convicted of conspiracy in obstructing and
retarding tne passage of United States
mails on November 21, 1894. The sen
tences were made by Judge Ross of the
United States District Court. The peti
tion bore the signatures of about 800 citi
zens of Los Angeles, many of them lead
ing merchants, physicians, lawyers, State
and county officials.
The ground of the petition is that
neither of these former employes of the
Southern Pacific were present at the time
of the boycott against the Pullman cars
which resulted in the stopping of train 18,
the prosecution having been based on tel
egrams sent by these gentlemen as officers
in the American Railway Union. When
completed this petition will be forwarded
to Samuel Gompers, president of the
American Federation of Labor at India
napolis, who will see that it is properly
presented to the President.
Charged Ifith Manslaughter.
EUREKA, Cal., June 11.— Otto Olsen,
the young man who it is thought caused
the death of little Minnie Carson by forcing
her to drink a flask of raw whisky, was up
before Judge Holmes to-day and held over
for trial on a charge of manslaughter.
Wonder
Works!
TT IS THE GREATEST WONDER-
■*• worker of the century. Hudyan cures
Failing Manhood, Nervous Exhaustion
and Nervous Debility. If you are unable
to concentrate your mind for a given time
you need theremedio-treatment, Hudyan.
If you are bashful, shy, easily exhausted
an.d lack true vigorous manhood, begin at
the root of the disease, root out the trou-
ble, be brave, help yourself, and if you
need a greater power, a power that will
surely help and sustain and cure you, use
the great Eemedio-treatment, Hudyan.
Hudyan cures all kinds of weaknesses.
Hudyan cures Neurasthenia, Varicocele,
Spermatorrhea and disorders and diseases
of men. No one can give you Hudyan but
the old doctors of Hudson. If you wish
to learn more about the great Hudyan call
or write for circulars and testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
—OF THE—
MAGDEBURG
FIRE INSURANCE COMPANY
f\V MAGDEBURG, GERMAN t, ON THE SIBT
\J day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the year
ending on that day, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 611 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
CAPITAL.
Amount of Capital Stock, paid np In -
Cash f 750,000 00
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company.... $390,511 25
Loans on Bond and Mortgage 1,658,176 03
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 2,267,633 84
Cash in Company's Office 6,179 63
Cash in Banks. 839,315 97
Interest doe and accrued on all
Blocks and Loans 11,636 64
Premiums in due Course of Collec-
tion 233,669 23-
Dne by other Companies for Rein-
surances 779,553 46
Total assets $5,088,678 85
LIABILITIES. ~
Losses In process of Adjustment or
In Suspense...... $457,082 OS
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
' ning one year or less ...... , re-
. : Insurance 50 per cent ....... —  1,606, 98
Gross premiums on Fire Bisks run-
nine more than one year ...... •
reinsurance pro rata 240,065 87
Cash Dividends Remaining Unpaid. 1,113 60
All Other Demands Against the
Company 268,219 67
Total liabilities. $2,573,160 98
INCOME.
Net Cash actually received for Fir*
Premiums $3,699,321 96
Received for interest on Bonds and
Mortgages 49,651 61
Received for interest ana dividends
on Bonds, .stocks, Loans and
from all other sources ' 90,033 94
Received for Rents 25,493 65
Received for Policy and writing fees. 81,169 43
Received for Gain on Exchange 65,770 26
Received for Profit on sale of Real
Estate. 26,526 44
Total Income $3.877.967 29
EXPENDITURES." — —
Net amount paid for Fire Losses
(including $805,225 41 losses of
previous years) $2,631,399 12
Dividends to Stockholders 300,000 00
Paid or Allowed for Commission or
Brokerage 700,032 66
Paid for Salaries, fees and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc.. 226,881 26
Paid for Btate, National and local
taxes 87,666 16
All other Payments and Expendi-
tures 131,560 45
Total expenditures 94,027,628 65
Fir* losses incurred
during the year... 52,631,899 12
ROBT. TBCHMARKE, President.
E. F. MIETHKE, Secretary.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 7th day
of March, 1896.
JULIUS MUTH, U. S. Consul at Magdeburg.
GUTTE & FRANK, Managers.
303 California St., S. F.
UP-TO-DATE BICYCLES.
Crawford "Unsurpassed,"
$40, $50, $60, $75.
Phoenix "Stands the Racket"
$ioo.
The guarantee of the Crawford same as that
given with $100 wheels. - ;:•
EDWIN MOHRIG, Agent,
1510 Market St., San Francisco, Cal.
WJW PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
OPECIALTY— DISKASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
•^insr all forms of Blood, Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential Call or address
•■:. P. BOSCOE McNULTY, M. D.,
»*M Kearny Street, San Francisco, C«I.
■§£&£££&&kjf t- FIFTY - DOLLAR
jpillii ELECTRIC BELTS
Kp*~is£Ajl^4rtß V OR * 2B 5 « 40 BELTS
JtayrffSn^^TW^? -T for "-0. and $30 Belts
f*FsK^Ssrv^i^SH~~ for $15: also good belts for
jPi *5. Latest patect and all
' ('■ <rjSii l improvements. . B&~ Call
<£?i? or write for new pamphlet
W. So. a. Address DR.
PIERCE & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.
OOSMOX>OXiITAZV,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth st* San
Jrancisco, CaL— The most select family hotel In
the city. Board and room. $1, *1 25 and $1 50 pec
day, according to room. . Meals 25a Booms, aQa
and 76c a day. r Frea coach to and from the hotel,
.Look for the coach beari ng the nama of the U>*>
mopolltan Hotel. WM. FAIiBY. i"roprieiat_
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD UMfi D AMI AN A BITTERS, THS
k) great Mexican Remedy; gives HealU *ad
Strength, to me sexual organ*DURHAM SEEK
NEAR SAN MARCOS
Surrounded All Night in
the Willows, but Slips
Away.
BAD DETECTIVE WORK.
Would Have Been Caught but
for an Unlucky Mis
calculation.
TRACKS AEE PLAIN IN PLACES.
Officers Confident They Are on the
Right Trail and Will Continue
the Chase.
SAX MIGUEL, Cal., June 11.— Messrs.
Lyndon, Mathews and Edson arrived on
this morning's train from San Luis Obispo.
HolbrooK went home. They interviewed
Mrs. Journey, who was stopped by a man
whom they are positive was Dunham. He
was so-3n in the brush at San Marcos Creek
yesterday by two men, and was cornered
by Constable Ed Ganoung and Deputy
John Matthis in the willows near San
Marcos. A watch was kept all night, but
he slipped away. He would have been
caught if Lyndon and posse had stopped
here last nitht, as intended.
The Sheriffs did not go up Slacks Can
yon as was intended. His tracks are
plain where he crossed tne river. The
Sheriffs wiii follow hie trail to Adelaide
and the coast. It is reported that a posse
left San Luis Obispo to go north through
the mountains and meet Lyndon. Lyndon
thinks the man is Dunham and not Crow
ley.
SANTA BARBARA EXCITED.
Dunham Ha* a Double in a Wandering
Socialist.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June 11.—
Borne small excitement has been created
here by the rumor that Dunham had ap
peared upon the streets and after provid
ing himself with fishing-tackle and a sup
ply of meat had escaped to the hilis. This
rumor has been sifted by The Call corre
spondent, who finds that the alleged
fugitive was a man of respectable char
acter who has resided here for the past
twenty years and who does not resemble
Dunham in any way except in complexion.
A man yisited Santa Barbara last week
who is the almost perfect counterpart of
the murderer. The individual who bears
this striking resemblance is an itinerant
socialist who visited this region a year ago,
but who is now obliged to be exceedingly
wary lest ranchers on the lookout for
the fugitive take a chance shot at him dur
ing his peregrinations. It is altogether
probable that the movements of this man,
whose calling in itself is suspicious, may
have given rise to some of the many re
ports positively asserting Dunham's pres
ence in various localities.
A FUTILE SEARCH.
Officer Oswald Return* to Bakersfleld
from the Coast Range.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 11.— Officer j
Oswald has returned from a careful but j
unsuccessful search along the Coast Range
for traces of Murderer Dunham. Begin
ning away to the north of Tulare Lake,
he came southward along the foot of the !
mountains, stopping at every house and •
going into every canyon where there was
a road or any settlement. The most care- j
ful search was made and diligent inquiry i
pursued, but not the slightest trace of the '
fugitive was found. Oswald went into the ;
Onolame country and in the same locality
where it ia now alleged Dunham was !
seen, but failed utterly to find any trace of
him.
BURNED WHILE SHE LISTENED.
Horrible rat* of Jv>o unuaren nno
Played With Matches.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., June 11.— "Oh,
my little girls, my little girls!" were the
piteous wailing words of the grief-stricken
mother of little Hazel and Nona Bickford,
aged 3 and 4 respectively, when she real
ized that ncr darlings had been burned to
death in a blazing barn at Date and Ash
streets iate this afternoon.
The children, with a brother of 6, had
been playing with matches and set the
building on fire. The boy, Frankie,
escaped and with wild screams entered
the house and told his mother the awful
story. The almost - paralyzed parent
rushed to the scene and could hear the
smothered screams of her children, but it
was too late.
The fire fiend enveloped them and their
cries were soon hushed to death.
Mrs. Bickford could not enter the burn
ing building, nor even reach the entrance
on account of the intense heat. In her
frenzy she rushed from point to point
trying to reach her helpless babies and
was badly burned about the hands in her
vain attempt to rescue them.
Little Frankie, wild with grief and sob
bing as if his heart would break, told how
the awful accident qccurred. They were
scratching matches, wnen little Hazel let
one drop among some straw. In a mo
ment a blaze sprang up, igniting her
clothes.
Frankie attempted to put it out, and
burned his hands in so doing. He then
ran to his mother. The flames were finally
subdued and the charred remains of the
children recovered.
IN DEFENSE OF HIS HONOR.
A Fresno School- Teacher Slogs and Shoots
His Enemy.
FRESNO, Cal., June 11.— V. B. Fincher,
better known as "Tallie" Fincher, this
afternoon gave a . prominent rancher,
named John L. Price, a severe whipping
with a blacksnake whip. The affray took
place near Herndon, five miles north of
this city, and in a fight with pistols after
ward the rancher was shot twice and
probably fatally wounded. Fincher says i
that Price trice tried to insult his wife,
which was the cause of the trduble.
The following statement was obtained
from Price as he lay upon the operating
table, having been brought to the city for
surgical assistance:'
"Last summer Fincher and his wife
worked for me at my ranch. We had
some trouble over Mrs. Fincher. Fincher j
accused me of hugging her. He and his
wife left my place, and not until this
morning did I see Fincher again. I was !
returning from Fresno with a load of lum- I
ber, and at a railroad cro?sing north of this I
city he passed me on a bicycle. I saw him j
at Herndon again, but paid no attention to j
him.
"When aDout a mile ana a half north of
Herndon, Fincher, on horseback, caught j
up to me. Not suspecting anything, I
stopped at his request. He then drew a j
six-shooter on me and compelled me to i
ciirnb down from the wagon. Holding his
pistol in my face -vita one hand, with the
otber Fincher plied a blacksnake on me
for a quarter of an hour. I had to stand
still and take a terrible beating, as I was
afraid that he would shoot me.
"Fincher then remounted his horse and
started back to Herndon. I immediately
unhitched one of my horses and rode to a
neighbor's and procured a pistol. At
Herndon I found Fincher sitting beside
the railroad track where a force of men
wu unloading timber for the Valley-road j
bridge. I rode up to him, and seeing that
he had drawn his pistol, told him to com- (
mence. We fired at each other, and Fin- |
chpr hit me in the thigh. The horse
which I was riding became excited, and
my aim was poor.
"Fincher then dodged behind a wheel
under a car. From this position he began
firing again and hit me in the ri *ht shoul
der. I emptied my pistol, and did not
know how to reload it. I rode away and
had just time to get a friend to flag the
train, on which I came to Frusno."
Price would give no further particulars
as to the cause of the trouble, except that
Fincher whipped him for hugging Mrs.
Fincber.
Fincher came in on the same train that
the wounded man did and immediately
gave himself up. At the jail he said that
he Price a beating because the rancher
had insulted his wife. He claims that in
the shooting affray Price shot first and
that he acted in self-defense.
Fincher is a school-teacher and during
vacation works on a ranch. He and his
wife were married in Fresno about two
years ago. They are well connected.
READING SUFFRAGISTS.
The Town Fairly Captured by the Advo
cates of Equal Rights.
REDDING, Cal., June 11.— The Woman
j Suffrage Convention conducted by Rev.
j Anna Shaw, Miss Elizabeth V. Yates and
! Miss Harriet Mills came to a successful ter-
I mination to-night.
The meeting began yesterday afternoon.
Miss Yates delivered an excellent address
; on the rights of women to the ballott at j
j both afternoon and evening meetings. ]
| Her address in the evening was particu- j
j larly interesting, and as a result there are
more exponents of woman's suffrage in
Redding to-day than there ever wrs.
Armory Hall was filled to its utmost
i capacity at both meetings, and to-night
j hundreds were turned away from the hall,
! not being able to gain admittance. Miss
Shaw was the attraction to-night, and in
a stirring, telling and interestins ad
j dress with sound arguments in favor of
i woman suffrage she held ber audience j
spellbound, as it were, for three solid ',
hours.
The hall was beautifully decorated with |
yellow streamers— ihe color of the woman j
"suffragists — eyercreena and flowers of j
every description. The whole town j
seemed to participate in the convention
j and on both days vehicles were gayly
; decorated with yellow. Local speakers
participated in the meetings, and alto-
was one of the grandest and most j
1 successful conventions ever held in Shasta
! County.
The petition praying for the adoption of
a suffrage plank in the Democratic State !
platform was unanimously signed. If
, Redding sentiment can be counted on as j
j an indication the suffragists will sweep the i
State at the. coming election and the elev- !
j enth amendment to the constitution will
be carried by an overwhelming majority. |
IS BORN TO BE HANGED
Murderer Craig Makes a Futile
Attempt to Cheat the
Gallows.
Nearly Upset To»Day's Programme at
Sacramento by Stabbing Himself
With a Wire.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., Jnne 11.— John
Craig, the condemned murderer, who shot ;
and killed his divorced wife and her j
parents, Mr. and Mrs. «Willlam Hunter, j
in Los Angeles, came within an ace of
cheating the gallows of its lawful prey i
this morning by stabbing himself in the j
left breast with a piece of heavy wire.
Shortly after 5 o'clock this morning the
deathwatch left the door of Craig's cell for
a brief period, and when he returned he
found the prisoner stretched out on the
floor with a mass of bloody foam bubbling
from his lips.
He instantly gave the alarm and sent for
the prison physician, who was quickly
on the spot. Upon investigation it was
| discovered that Craig had procured as a
weapon a piece of coarse wire, fitted in a
wooden handle and sharpened to almost a
needle's point. With this he bad at
tempted to pierce his heart, only missing
! that organ by half an inch and penetrating
: the left lung. The wound, however, is
j not fatal, nor will it cause any delay in his
I execution to-morrow, although he is suf
fering great pain and deeply regrets failing
to accomplish his purpose.
. It is thought that Craig obtained the
! weapon during one of his periods of out
door exercise, when possibly it was passed
to him by some of his fellow-convicts.
Despite the serious nature of the wound,
j which, had it been slightly changed in
j direction, would have penetrated the
! heart and caused instant death, Craig was
! able to partake of breakfast and has lost
} little strength.
ELOPED WITH A MURDERER.
mid Escapade of a Casur d'Alene In-
dian Maiden.
TOKAO, Idaho, June 11.— About ten
days ago Andrew Areper and Mary
Joseph, both of the Cceur d'Alene tribe of
Indians, jumped the country.
Andrew is charged with the murder of
old Leo, another Indian, about a year ago,
and has the reputation of being a bad
character. The tribe is opposed to this
kind of "honeymooning," and used every
means in its power to brine back the
erring ones.
Accordingly mounted policemen Peter
Mullivan, Croper and Alixus were dis
patched to capture the fugitives. They
caught them on the Big Camus Prairie in
Idaho. Andrew was turned loose and
cried. Mary Joseph was brought home
Wednesday. She was evidently sorry for
her misconduct and bad all she wanted of
privation and suffering.
Policeman Mullivan says the couple
made a trail of their own across the rough
range of mountains to Osburn, during
which trip one of their horses died from
exhaustion. The pair then rode double for
twenty miles until they got to the summit.
Here they encountered six feet of snow,
and in the struggle the remaining saddle
horse died. The horse was a celebrated
racer among th«> Indians, and was value:!
at $300. The pair managed to get through
the rugged country, and after a journey of
fif ty-f.vo miles reached the Camas country
and wore there corraled by the officers of
the reservation, who suspected their char
acter.
Sacramento Democratic Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 11.— The
Democratic County Committee to-day ap
pointed the following delegates to the
State Convention: K. W. H.;le, T. W.
O'Xeil. Patiick Kelly, W. .1. Hassett, A.
M. Seymour, Henry Mevers, A. Mazzini
J. C. "Curroll, Dr. H. L.Nichols, W. T.
Van Fleet, H. M. La Rue Jr., Charles
Aull, Peter Rooney, Daniel Donohue,
Arthur J. Gray, James B. Furnish, Dr. W.
B. D. de Jarnett.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
SAN JOSE'S WILL CONTEST
Some of the Peculiarities of
George H. Parker, De
ceased.
He Did Not Speak to His Daughter
in-Law for More Than
Twenty Years.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 11.— The trial of
the Parker will case progressed very slow
ly to-day. The reading of the deposition
of Jane Pomeroy, which was begun on
Wednesday afternoon, was not nearly con-
eluded, on account of the time consumed
in arguments and numerous objections
Some very strong testimony was brought
out in the. deposition as to George H. Par
ker's vain attempts to learn the truth as
to the career of" his son's wife before her
marriage. He finally come to the conclu
sion tbat she was untruthful, and after
that time for twenty years to the day of
his death, he kept to his determination
not to have anything to do with her.
For the first time in the course of the
trial the contestant did not appear in
court yesterday.
The reading of the deposition of Jane
Pomeroy was interrupted for a short time
to take the testimony of D. G. Brewer.
The witness said he had known George
H. Parker since 1858. During much of
this time the relations between the parties
had been very intimate. They had fre
quent talks over business affairs. The
witness expressed the opinion that in LS92
and 1893 the testator was a man of sound
mind and a good business man.
As regards his wife's relatives, the Pome
roys, Witness Brewer never heard G. H.
Parker say anything against them. He
had often said that Marshal Pomeroy was
an honest man and that he had confidence
in him. This testimony was in contradic
tion to testimony given In behalf of the
contestant to the effect that the testator
had said that the Pomeroys were hogs and
that he did not want to have anything to
do with them.
"Mr. Parker's statement that he had
confidence in Marshal Pomeroy made an
impression upon me," said the witness,
"because I had the same opinion as he had
in regard to Mr. Pomeroy being a good
square man."
In the deposition of Jane Pomeroy read
to-day, the deponent testified: "1 have
heard George H. Parker say that he would
never leave Edward anything except in
trust, so as to prevent his wife from getting
anythimr. He did not want her to get a
dollar of his money. I never tried to in
fluence my brother against his son, Ed
ward, as far as the provisions of the will
were concerned. We always treated Ed
ward kindly and as a son. He always
came and weut to and from our house the
same as a son.
"George H. Parker never showed me his
will or referred to it in the remotest way
in speaking to me. I never knew he made
a codicil to his will at Hartford. I did
not know I was interested in the will till
after his death, and I was surprised tnat I
was a legatee, as I had never expecte i to
be such. 1 have often written to Edward's
father and asked the latter to help his son.
I never wrote to his father about Edward's
faults, bat rather tried to hide them from
him. The father would come to Hartford
and find out those things for himself."
The court adjourned till next Monday
morning at 10:30 o'clock.
TO AID THE N. M. C. A.
San Jose Endeavorcre to Wipe Out a
Church Debt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 11.— At a meet
ing of the Epworth League Alliance it was
decided to help in the united canvass of
the Christian Endeavorers to liquidate the
Y. M. C. A. indebtedness. A committee
was appointed consisting of Rev. A. H.
Briges, M. Rolin Walker, A. C. Smith,
George W. Bishop and Joseph J. Woehl,
who niet in joint committee with W. G.
Alexander, Guy Campbell and Earl Bing
ham of the Christian Endeavor. A per
manent organization was formed by the
choice of W. G. Alexander for chairman,
W. H. BatiEh secretary. It was deter
mined to take up the work of raising
funds at once. The following committees
were named:
Press— W. H. Baugh, Earl- Bingham, ■
George Bishop and F. W. Reid.
Finance — W. K. Jenkins, J. A. Thomas
and A. C. Smith.
Canvassing— Harry Morton, grand mar
shal; First Ward, Dr. Deninger; Second
Ward, J. Leiter: Third Ward, Earl Bing
ham; Fourth Ward, T. J. Heavner; East
Rev. Samuel J. Kennedy, Who Has Been Elected Regular Pastor of St. John's
Presbyterian Church.
San Jose, Theodore Wright; Willows, F.
Reid; College Park, T. C. McChesney;
Cottage Grove, Thomas D. Manhire.
San Jose Parlor Elects Officers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 11.— San Jose
Parlor, Native Sons, have elected the fol
lowing officers : Past president, T. W.
Hambly; president, C. F. Holland; first
vice-president, George Lilly; second vice
president, H. W. Connor; third vice-presi
dent, J. E. Ducoing; recording secretary,
J. M. Karr; financial secretary, J. A. An
thes; trustee, S. L. Worden; surgeon, Dr.
F. Gerlach. Active preparations are in
progress to have the pajlor fittingly rep
resented at Stockton in the month of Sep
tember.
Organizing a Baseball Ttatn.
SAN JOSC, Cal., June 11.— J. M. Logan,
representing the California Baseball
League, is in this city arranging for the
formation of a local team. Home talent
as far as practicable will be engaged and
the importation of a few stellar lights of
the Eastern diamond will give San Jose a
strong aggregation. The season will be
inaugurated June 28, wben the Stocktons
try conclusions with the local nine.
New Captain and Lieutenant.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 11.— Through the
resignation of J. B. Carey the Garden City
Cyclers have installed Walter O' Brier
captain and Charles Jarman lieutenant.
TRIED TO MURDER HIS FAMILY.
Lawrence Cumniings, a Henttle Street
Contractor. Runs Amuck.
SEATTLE, Wash., Juue 11. — Because
she had deserted him and begun proceed
ings for divorce on account of his constant
cruelty and repeated accusations of infi
delity, Lawrence Cummings, a contractor
and an ex-Street Commissioner of this
city, this evening made a murderous as
sault upon his wife, Elizabeth Cummings,
inflicting injuries from which she will die.
Cummings first shot at and attempted to
kill his daughter. Miss Maria Cummings,
a young woman 22 years of age.
Armed with two revolvers and made
more daring by bad whisky the blood
thirsty husband and father entered the
household, of wnich he had not been a
member for six weeks, about 7 o'clock,
finding the family at the dinner-table.
Miss Maria jumped up and ran into an
adjoining room, whereupon the gun
wielder sent a shot after her, which missed
as she passed through the door.
Cummings tiien turned his attention to
his wife, at whom he fired seven shots,
emptying one revolver, a Colt's, and tiring
two additional shots from an American
bulldog. Only one shot took effect, the
ballet passing into the fight shoulder.
Seeing he had still failed in his purpose,
Cummings, who is a very powerful man,
beat his wife over the head, crushing her
skull. He then kicked her several times
after she had fallen upon tne floor.
While Cummings #as engaged in this
murderous effort Deputy Prosecuting At
torney W. W. Wilshire sought to enter
the house and stop the assassin, but was
told if he crossed the threshold he would
be killed. A few minutes later the police
arrived and took the would-be murderer
to jail. -
He told one of the officers that it was
his purpose to kill Mrs. Cummings and
then take his own life, and expressed re-.
gret that he had not succeeded in his pur
pose.
Several years ago Cummings made a
brutal assault upon his wife, claiming
that E. C. McClannohan, a city official,
had attempted to break up his home.
Some months later, while he was City
Street Commissioner, a man whom he
had refused work entered his oflice and
fired five shots at Cummings, inflictine
only flesh wounds.
The divorce trial of Mrs. Cummings
against her husband was to have begun
to-morrow. She is 52 years of age and he
is three years her junior.
Governor Budd at Merced. TT.
MERCED, Cal., June 11.— Governor
Budd arrived here this evening from
Yosemite Valley via Coulterville. The
Governor's knee, wnich was injured from a
fall while fishing in the Merced River,
causes him some trouble, but otherwise he
is in good health and spirits. He leaves
on the morning train for Sacramento.
Mrs. Budd remained in the valley.
Kleeding the Valley Road.
MERCED, Cal., June 11.— The condem
nation suit brought by the Valley road
against Thomas Price et al. for right of
way was concluded this afternoon and the
case given to the jury. The matter in
volved about seventeen acres, and a great
many witnesses were examined on both
sides. The jury came in about 5 o'clock
with a verdict awarding the defendant
$2360. •
CHOSE KENNEDY PASTOR
St. John's Presbyterian Church
Honors Irwin's Old
Chum.
After Six Months as Stated Supply
the Seattle Man Is Officially
Accepted.
The congregation of St. John's Presby
terian Church, corner of California and
i Octavia streets, has officially chosen the
! Rev. Samuel J. Kennedy as regular pastor.
Mr. Kennedy has tilled the pulpit during
j the last six months in the capacity of
I stated supply, having been called from
j Seattle, as will be remembered, because of
the deathbed request of his old college
chum, the late D. Hanson Irwin, the
former pastor.
They had attended school together in
Ireland, separated, and years afterward
had met in the State of Washington, where
the overworked young pastor went from
this City upon his last vacation.
It was on Wednesday night that the
congregation assembled in the church with
the Rev. F. R. Farrand, moderator of the
San Francisco Presbytery, presiding, to go
through the formality of deciding that the
church needed a Dastor, and of voting
upon the candidate, for there was but one.
At the same meeting the Young People's
Society of Christian Endeavor unanimous
ly voted to make themselves responsible
for the rent of a parsonage for the newly
elected young pastor and his wife.
Next week the San Francisco Presbytery
will, as is customary, take action upon the
choice of the congregation, and when that
has been done the Rev. Mr. Kennedy will
be regularly installed.
Trade* Union Affairs.
At the Building Trades Council's meeting
last evening, it was resolved that shinglers
are not a separate guild, and decided to stand
by the carpenters; aud to notify all contrac
tors, and to strike all jobs on which shinglers
are at work.
The coopers are nearly all having a vacation
at the present time. All of the cooper-shops
have closed down for a month or six weeks,
this being the dull time of the year. Many of
the members liave gone to the country for
their vacation.
The Russian fleet comprises 173 war ves
sels, exclusive of the Black Sea squadron.
These vessels show an average displace
ment of 1400 tons.
THE DESERT WILL BLOOM
Eastern Capitalists Propose a
Great Colonization
Scheme.
Water to Be Conveyed From the Colo
rado River Into San Diego
County.
SAN DIEGO, CAii., June 11.— Another
colonization scheme on the Colorado
River is said to be well started. The de
tails of the project are given by A. B. Bos
well of Los Angeles, who accidentally
learned through a relative of a move which
has been kept quiet.
U I don't know much about the scheme,"
said Mr. Boswell, "but I am willing to tell
you what I have learned. A company of
New York capitalists has been formed
and connections established in the City of
Mexico. 1 can't give you the names of
these men. According to the information
given me by my relative.who is interested in
the project, and who will probably act as
land agent for the company, they have
purchased 350,000 acres of land from the
Mexican Government, situated on the
west side of the Colorado River in Lower
California. The land is embraced within
the concession of the Mexican Land and
Colonization Company, which has its head
quarters at London, with offices at En
senada. The New Yorkers bought out the
rights of the English company and paid
the Mexican Government 60 cents an acre
for the land.
"The plan is to divert water from^the
Colorado River for the irrigation of these
Jands, which are conceded to be rich and
capable of raising the finest of tropical
fruits. Wnen the water system is in, the
price of the land is to be fixed at $10 per
acre, payable in ten years, according to
agreement with the Mexican Government.
Efforts will be made to colonize the dis
trict aa fast as possible.
"The promoters of the scheme have vis
ited the country several times," continued
Mr. Boswell, "and they evidently mean
business, as they have sent two parties of
surveyors into the field preparatory to be
ginning the work of diverting the river.
They are desirous of keeping the thing
quiet, and I do not even care to name my
relative, who gave me the information."
The lands in question lie just below the
international boundary line. Tney in
clude the famous mud volcanoes and hot
springs that abound in that section. The
richer part of the country comprises the
bottom land of the New River, which flows
into the Colorado, or rather is an arm of
the Colorado. The company proposes to
build a canal thirty feet in width and rav
ing a total length of about fifty miles, tak
ing in the best portion of these lands.
The canal will cross the boundary line and
furnish water for a good deal of Govern
ment land in San Diego County, which is
equally rich and capable of giving homes
to a great many people.
"I was told that the development of this
so-called desert was to be hastened by a j
compact made with i,he Southern Pacific
Company," added Mr. Boswell. '-The
company now has a lone and profitless
haul across the desert from Yuma to Los
Angeles, and it has assured the projectors
of this new colonization enterprise tbat if
the country is developed by a canal and
colonized with enough settlers to make '
the proposition bona-iide the road will be |
built from Yuma direct to San Diego, in
order to open up the country and make
business on the desert, which is now a
losing section of road."
Mr. Boswell was reluctant to allow the
use of his name in connection with the
information he gave, but finally con
sented. The reason he cave was that
possibly it might hurt the chances of his
relative in securing the position he sought.
HOW DR. JAMESON WAS CAPTURED.
Lieutenant Eloff Says He Did Not Take Part
in the Battle in South
Africa.
JOHANNESBURG, Africa, June 11.—
The Diggers' News asserts that the Execu
tive Council of the Transvaal Republic
sitting at Pretoria has decided to release
the four Johannesburg Reform Committee
leaders, Lionel Phillips, George Farrar,
Colonel Francis Rhodes and John Hays
Hammond, upon their payment of a fine
of £25,000 each.
PRETORIA, June 11.— The announced
terms imposed upon the four leaders of
the Johannesburg Reform Committee,
John Hays Hammond, Lionel Phillips,
Colonel Francis Rhodes and George
Fa rrar, whose release was decided upon
by the Transvaal Executive Council,
require that in default of the payment
of a fine of £25,000 each they shall suffer
banishment from the territory owned by
the South African Rep'nblic.
LONDON, Eng., June 11.— The trial of
Dr. Jameson and his companions in the
Transvaal raid was resumed in the Bow
street Police Court before Magistrate Sir
John Bridge this morning.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.—Secre
tary Olney this morning received a cable
gram from Consul-General Knight at Cape
Town, saying that John Hays Hammond
and other reform leaders had been re
leased. They were fined $25,000, but not
banished.
ONLY TWO FAVORITES WIN
Tours Truly and full Measure Capture j
Races at Forsyth.
CHICAGO, 111., June 11— Yours Truly j
in the second race and Full Measure in the j
last were the only winning favorites at
Forsyth to-day.
Six furlongs, Tramp won.Teragnes second, I
Reveille third. Time, l:l6Ji.
Four and a half furlongs, Yours Truly won, i
Siegfried second, Lilliau Wiikes third. Time,
Six furlongs, Inspector Hunt won, Revenue
second, Pert third. Time, I:ls}^.
Nine furlongs, Constant won, Freddie L T
second, King Bors third. Time, 1:55.
Six furlongs, Merry Monarcn won, Glenoid
second, May Gallop third. Time, 1:15 V.
Six furlongs, Full Measure won, Fritzie sec
ond, Helen Wren third. Time. 1 :15.
ST.* LOUIS, Mo., June 11.— A favorite
took the fifth race and a 10 to 1 chance the
second, the others going to well-played
second picks:
Six furlongs. May Thompson won, Daly sec
ond. Earl Bug third. Time, 1:151^.
Four and a half furlongs, Remember Me
won, Fig Leaf second, Tin Cup third. Time,
:56.
One mile and a sixteenth, Crevasse won,
Muskalonge second, Bing Binger third. Time,
I:so*^.
Seven and a haif furlongs, Free Advice won,
Magnet second, Ramiro third. Time. I:33}^.
Five furlongs, Moncreith won, Dare II sec
ond, Estaca third. Time, l:o'2}£
One mile, Tom Klmore won, Cherrystone sec
ond. First Deal third. Time, 1:43.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June
11. — 'I he Ohio stakes were the feature of to
day's racing. Rondo, the favorite, won
easily. Four favorites and two outsiders
won the card.
Five furlongs, Adalid won, Marty -Reed sec
ond, Rampage third. Time, 1 :04. .
Seven furlonsrs, Ramiro won, Semper Ego
second, Argentina II third. Time, 1:28%.
Five furlongs, Cftarina won, The Plutocrat
second, Risque third. Time, 1:04%.
Seven furlongs, Rondo won, Moylan second,
Bloomer third. Time, I :2B}£.
One mile, Iselin won, Nannie B second, Rey
del Mar third. Time, 1 :44%.
Six furlongs, Canewood won, Remnant II
second, Mattle Lee third. Time, 1:15%.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 11. — The race for the Hanover stakes
was won by St. Bartholomew, a 6 to 1 shot.
The Parkway handicap, the other stake
race down for decision, was captured by
the odds-on favorite, Si. Maxim.
Five and a half furlongs. King's Counsel
won, Azure second, Old Mat third. Time,
1:12? ,'.
Mile and an eighth, Nankipooh won, Chug
nut second, Song and Dance third. Time,
1 :57^.
The" Hanover stakes, half a mile, St. Bar
tholomew won, Hi Daddy second, Passover
third, lime, :50%.
Mile, Brisk won, Copyright second, Premier
third. Time, 1:44.
The Parkway handicap, mile and a sixteenth,
St. Maxim won, Aurelian second, Dorian third.
Time, 1:51?^.
Mile, Peep o' Day won. Elizabelle second.
Ventanna third, Time, 1:46.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 11.— To-day's pro
gramme of the grand circuit meet was
postponed until to-morrow. The meet
will oe extended into next week.
ON THE BALL FIELD
The Philadelphia Teatn Wins Its First
Game of the Week.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 11.-The local
team won its first game of the week to-day by
defeating Louisville. The visitors played a
plucky uphill game. Attendance 3400. Score:
Philadelphias— lo, 10, 3; Louisvilles— 9, l2, 5.
Batteries— Taylor and Grady, Frazier and
Mirier. Umpire — Hurst.
BALTIMORE, Md., June 11.— Papa Anson
made four hits to-day, the last one made in
the eleventh inning, winning the game for his
team. The home team batted Griffith in all
but two of the eleven innings. Chicago bunched
six of its twelve hits in the last three innings.
Attendance 3500. Score: Baltimores— 3, 14, 1;
Chicago— s, 12, 1. Batteries— Hoffer and Clark,
Griffith and Kittredge. Umpire— Sheridan.
BOSTON, Mass., June 11.— Cincinnati was
never in tne running to-day. Nichols pitched
finely and was especially" strong at critical
points. The plays by Irwin, Hoy and Long
were the features. Score: Bostons— 9, 9, 2;
Cincinnatis— l, 5, 3. Batteries— Nichols and
Ganzel, Dwyer and Vaughn. Umpire— Lynch.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 11.— Up to the
seventh inning to-day it looked as if the New
Yorks would defeat the Pittsburgs, only three
hits having been made off Seymour; but with
two in the seventh he became rattled by the
visitors' coaching and seven runs were piled
up. Score: New Yorks— 7, 13, 4; Pittsburgs—
12, 12, 1. Batteries — Seymour and Farrell,
Kiilen and Sugden. Umpire — Campbell.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 11.— Donahue
was wild and ineffective to-day and the home
team had no trouble in winning. Cross did
pome sensational work at abort. Attendance
3300. Score : Washington*— ll, ls, 2 ; St. Louis
— ti, 8, 1. Batteries— Maul and McGuire, Dona
hue and Murphy. Umpires— Weid man and
Keefe.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 11.— The Cleve
lands were checked in their winning streak
to-day. Three of the four hits made off Daub
were scratches. Score: Brooklyns— 6, 9, 2;
Clevelands— l, 4, 2. Batteries— Daub and
Grim, Young and O'Connor. Umpire— Emslie.
Two Seconds Under the Record.
DENVER, Colo., June 11.— Georee Card
of the Denver Wheel Club, paced by a
sextet, rode a mile at Overland Park
racecourse to-day in 1:48 2-5, which is two
seconds under the record. The time is
I unofficial.
DECAPITATED AFTER DEATH.
Physicians Give Important Evidence Relat-
ing to the Murder of Pearl
Bryan.
CINCINNATI, Ohpo, June 11.— Every
effort will be made to end the Walline trial
this week. It seems likely, however, from
the announcement of attorneys this morn
ing that the argument may be fully as
long as that in the Jackson trial.
When court opened Dr. W. H. Crane
surprised the State's lawyer by taking the
stand for the defense. In the Jackson
trial he was a witness for the State, saying
that he found arsenic, mercury and cocaine
in Pearl Bryan's stomach. The cocaine
was probably administered by mouth the
witnes3 said. The stomach contained more
than two grains.
Dr. F. B. Kramer said the hemorrhage
would be profuse if a person were beheaded
alive. Streams of blood would shoot from
the wound. He also stated that Pearl
Bryan's head, was probably cut off after
death.
Colonel Washington took the stand. He
said Mrs. Ware, who swore that she heard
a carriage pass out the Alexandria road on
the night of the murder, told him she
knew nothing about it.
Dr. Jensen said from the severed arteries
of a live body blood would spurt at least
ten feet. He said the decapiration of Pearl
Bryan took place after death.
No other evidence of importance was ad
duced and court adjourned until to-mor
row.
Royal Yachts in a Race.
SOUTHAMPTON. Exg., June 11.— The
regatta of the Royal Southampton Yacht
Club was sailed to-day over the usual
course. The Meteor won the race, finish
ing at 7:52:50. The Britannia finished
at 8: 10:30, and the Ails* at 8:19:30.
Frank Mayo's Funeral.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. June 11.-The
remains of Frank Mayo, who died sud
denly on a Union Pacific train near Omaha,
reached Philadelphia this afternoon. The
interment will- be in Wtst Laurel Hill
Cemetery to-morrow.
NEW TO-DAY.
■■■"A" ' ''" /• m
A Hp jp± &o Mothers ! Do you believe
i\l LvJi the retailer will sell you
without a profit ?
.g Do you know that profit is
H a% JP* nearly one-half the price of
EL Sl Sl %* the clothes?
Come to us and pay us
y*q «* what the retailer pays.
I ICj^^^^ The manufacturer's profit
!C4iZ7X3 %*£? for vs — the retail profit for
you.
Children's OUTING and
f&t*& VACATION SUITS, 4 to
*** v 14. $2 and upward. Boys',
12 to 18, long pants suits, $5
and upward. The kind that
(WT&Il* retail stores sell at nearly
▼ \^M. double the price.
after
The boys will need vaca-
tion Suits ; take them to j I
Wholesale Manufacturers £+ •*▼ B^ df\ I C 3
Props. Oregon Cii? Woolen Mills J^j J| £\J \j k!&
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child .g .
RETAILED I~| £% IT f±
At Wholesale Prices \\ d V C
121-123 SANSOME STREET, .
Bet. Bush and Pine Sis. .. ■ ■ -^ —^ St&
ALL BLUE SIGNS V'iO^CO.
HOSPITALS TO BE
OUT OF POLITICS
The Board of Health De
cides on a Radical
Change.
BETTER MANAGEMENT.
Dr. Morse Tells How the New
Departure Is to Be Ac
complished.
APPEAL TO THE LEGISLATURE.
Institutions to Be Under the Control
of a Non-Partisan Citizens'
Board.
The Board of Health, tired of bicker
ings, scandals and responsibility that is
made irksome by otbers, has decided to
get rid of some of the undesirable burdens
that rest on them through the aid of the
Legislature. When that body meets again
it will be asked to pass laws taking the
management of the City and County Hos
pital, Almshouse and Pesthouse not only
out of the hands of the board but out of
politics entirely.
The Legislature will be asked to enact
that a board of non-partisan citizens,
chosen for their financial and social stand
ing, shall be given control of the institu
tions and shall direct in all but the actual
work of attending to the patients and in
mates.
Strong arguments in favor of this plan
will be brought to bear on the members of
the lawmaking body, and the board ex
pects to have little trouble in convincing
the legislators that this is the only course
that will insure efficient management of
the institutions named.
Dr. Morse is enthusiastic over the
scheme and will give it his personal at
tention in the way of impressing on mem
bers of the Legislature the necessity of the
change and in formulating the plans.
"It cannot be denied," he said yester- ■
day, "that under existing conditions the
City and County Hospital, Hospital for
Contagious Diseases and the Almsbouae
are not conducted as they should be, and
it is just as much a fact that unless some
change is made they will continue to be
poorly conducted.
"The Board of Health simply cannot be
held responsible for the manner in which
these places are carried on.
"Between the politics that are sure to
creep in, as matters now stand, and the
fact that the Supervisors control the funds
for food and supplies, while the Health
Board is held responsible for all of the
shortcomings of employes or supplies, the
health authorities have a hard tune of it,
and I for one want to be relieved of my
share of the responsibility.
"I know that the other members of the
board will be more than willing to have a
body of representative non-partisan citi
zens take hold of the Hospitals and carry
them on in a business-like way, appoint
ing only men who, in their opinion, are
competent for the places they ar« to fill.
They will be better able to deal with the
Supervisors and see that the money is
properly used."
INQUEST ON THE SHADAMARIANS
Nothing New Jtevealed in the Armenian
Murder Mystery.
FRESNO, Cal., June 11.— There are ab
solutely no new development- in the
mystery of the triple murder of the Ar
menian family. The inquest was contin
ued this evening, bin noihing new was ad
duced. The jury returned a verdict that
Stephen Shabamarian, aged 55; Queen
Shahamarian, aged 30, and Benjamin
Shahamarian came to their deaths from
gunshot wounds inflicted by a party or
parties unknown.
56
CHARLES M. SHOKTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postagre Free:
Daily »nd Sunday Cai.i., one week, by carrier. .JO. IS
Daily and Sunday Tali., one veer, by mail 6.00
Sally and Sunday Cajx, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday C*Li-, three months by mail I.SO
Daily and Sunday Cam., one month, by mail.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1.50
Wxikly Call, one year, by mall »• 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
■o, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO EXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main- 188b
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
telephone Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
680 Montgomery street, corner Clay, open until
»:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 L*rk;n street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
KW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
Bntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street: op^n until 9 o'clock.
115 Jvioth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
80» Broadway. .
EASTERN OFFICE:
ftocms SI and 32, 34 Park Row, Xew York City.
CAVIi; M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
FRIDAyT7.T. Jt'XE 12, 1896
IKE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
'Rah! for McKinley.
It will be an ovation.
The people have named the winner.
St. Louis will hold a ratification meeting.
It will be a campaign of work and wages.
"McKinley and the masses" is tne battle
cry.
Tli is week has done the biguest worn of
next week.
Everybody welcomes the advance agent
of prosperity.
The people can hardly wait for next
week to do their shouting.
All the leaders are in the baud-wagon
and the air is full ol music.
The only race now is for the Vice-Presi
dency, but that is a lively one.
.
Democrats who have been looking for j
bolts will find them at Chicago.
Now is the time to organize and get j
ready lor a marching campaign.
All is over but the shouting, and that
won't end until after election day.'
And as for Marcus Aurelius Hanna,
there is nothing the matter with him.
The cause of the champion of protection
is the cause of every American working
man.
There needn't be any doubt that the
platform will be broad enough for every
body.
It is evident the cyclone spirit is still
abroad in i=t. Louis and there is no stop
ping it.
Kussell of Massachusetts has gone fish
ing and Chicago has no longer any charms
for him.
The only pooular movement possible at
Chicago would be a motion to make it
unanimous.
Those who thought of going to St. Louis
to oppose McKinley have a good opportu
nity to save carfare.
There may be many a slip 'twiit the
cup and the lip, but they don't happen
•when the grip is firm.
Now let the people combine, organize
and get ready to make an aggressive cam
paign from the start.
The McKinley ratification rallies and
parades will nelp to illuminate the City
when the lights go out.
Now that the country no longer cares to
hear from him, Cleveland has loosened his
lower jaw and begun to talk too much.
General Backus was right It will be a
double-ender — Bill McKinley and Mc-
Kinley bill — with vim and vigor at each
end.
The soldier candidate who fought for
the Union can be relied on to guard the
welfare of the Nation and the prosperity
of the people.
It is conceded McKinley will win, but
all the other favorites will stay in the ring
bo as to be with him and join the shouts
that haii his triumph.
The St. Louis convention will ratify the
will of the people, and after that the people
will return the compliment by ratifying
the work at St. Louis.
Those who talk of the great West break
ing away from the party of protection do
not know the West ana are ignorant alike
of tbe needs and of the aspirations of its
people.
Between the gold wing and the silver
wing of the Republican party there will
be only a generous rivalry to see which
can do most for patriotism, protection and
prosperity.
The popular uprising for McKinley
shows that in the minds of the people
protection is the chief issue, and it is for
that they will work in the campaign and
vote on election day.
Ail Republicans will support the St.
Louis ticket, and so will a good many men
who call themselves Democrats or Popu
lists. Work and wages are not matters ol
partisanship. They are necessary to the
home of every workingman.
Never before in our history have the
people displayed so lunch enthusiasm for
a candidate and a cause as is now manifest
for McKinley and protection. Every citi- j
zen seems to recognize the time has come
to put an end to free-trade agitators,
establish our industries on a firm basis
and get rid of Clevelandism forever.
The swift triumph of McKinley casts no
shadow over the other great leaders who
were his competitors for the nomination.
Allison, Cullom, Morton, Reed and the
others still hold the honors of the party
and live iv the light of Republican loyalty
and esteem. They will be in the fore front
of the great campaign, will share in its
glory, aud to them will be accorded no
small measure of the triumph that is to
come.
McKINLEY AND THE MASSES.
Comparatively a short time ago every
prospect of the political situation pre
saged a prolonged contest for the Presi
dential nomination at St. Louis. The Re
publican party is so affluent of great men
that in almost every section of the Union
there is a leader whom his friends may
rightly hope to see elevated to the Presi
dency. Each of these was put forward in
this campaign with a degree of ardor and
1 a strength of support that implied a long
1 and close contest before the victory would
I be awarded to either. To-day the whole
situation is changed. There is no longer a
contest. McKinley will be nominated al
most without a ballot. The convention
Will be simply an ovation for him.
What has produced this change? The
friends of Allison, of Cullom, of Morton,
of Quay and of Reed are as ardent, as
loyal and as true as ever. In no sense
has any of these ereat leaders lost the
confidence or the admiration of his
friends or of the party generally in the
slightest degree. All hold to-day as
high prestige and exert as strong an influ
ence in the party and the Nation as ever
they did. Back of them, around them and
above them, however, have arisen the
prestige and the influence of popular sen
timent. This i 3 the power which has
wrought the eh ange in the prospects of
the convention. It is the voice of the
people declaring for McKinley that makes
his nomination assured.
For. weeks past this voice of the people
has been making itself heard with a grow
ing distinctness of utterance. It has
spoken not from one section of the Union,
but from all. Every State has had its Mc-
Kinley clubs and its manifestations of
popular desire for McKinley leadership.
The sentiment grew with the days, deep
ened as it widened ana increased in inten
sity with its extending sweep. It ar se
spontaneously from the people, came up
from loyal Republican hearts North and
South and East and West, and is now
concentrated at St. Louis, where it has
alreedy shown a force and energy which
will make the great National Convention
a meeting to ratify its will and turn what
promised to he a contest into an ovation
to the people's choice.
This popular movement has not been
an unintelligent one, nor is it without a
deep significance to those who are capable
of understanding it. For three years
under a Democratic administration there
have been disasters to every American in
dustry, losses to every American trade and
the pressure of hard times on every Amer
ican home. Out of the trials and the mis
fortunes of those years the workingmen
and what Lincoln called the "plain people
of the country" nave drawn a deep and
lasting resolve. They bave determined
tnat the Government which they support
shall be a Government for their benefit;
that it shall protect their wages from
foreign competition and their homes from
ruin. That resolve they propose to put
into excution in this campaign, and,
moreover, they intend to make their will
so clear that even the most foolish cannot
mistake it.
Among the many leaders of the Repub
lican party McKinley is the one whose
name is most closely identified with the
idea of a high protective tariff. Moreover,
his name in politics stands for almost
nothing else. The people know him as a
brave soldier of the war for the Union and
a stalwart defender of the flag. Tbi« and
his record on the tariff is what he repre
sents to them. It i:s clear that the mean
ing of the popular uprising for McKinley
is that the issues this year are to be pro
tection and true Americanism. The
J money question will be subordinated fora
time. The people have decreed it. The
only issues are thoße included in the Mc
j Kinley battle-cry, patriotism, protection
j and prosperity.
TARIFF QUESTION PARAMOUNT.
It should need no argument to prove
tnat protection is in fact and should be
made tne paramount issue in the approach
ing campaign. It is a self-evident fact.
By trying to dwarf the tariff question and
make a financial policy tbe center of effort
the Democrats practically admit that their
tinkering with it has demonstrated tlieir
inability to comprehend the needs of the
country in that direction; and, moreover,
they understand that the more the ques
tion is discussed and the better the injuri
ous working of the Wilson-Gorman act is
understood the more glaring will be their
lack of ability to manage the affairs of the
country.
Practically every industry in the coun
try is under the shadow of foreign compe
tition. 'Ihe country's manufacturing en
terprises are either idle or running on
short time and willing wage-earners by
the tens of thousands are in enforced idle
ness. Our farmers can find no home mar
ket for their produce because our consum
ers have not the wherewith to buy, and
hence the entire agricultural interest of
the country is under the iron hand of
European markets where prices are made
by India and other cheap-labor and pov
erty-stricken countries.
The money question is important, to be
sure, but let us first put the country in
shape to make money. Let a law equally
as good as the act of 1890 be enacted so
that our furnaces, factories and mills may
start up and give employment to the
thousands of men who are begeing for
opportunity to employ their skill and
enerey. Let the country's industries be
made to feel that they can go ahead with
out the danger of having their products
undersold by countries who jrrind their
worKing people down to the borders of
poverty that they may undersell us. No;
the tariff question is paramount. It is
the great question of the hour, and upon
its proper solution hangs all opportunity
for the people to live as citizens of the
United States should live.
THE VOICE OF THE PEOPLE.
The most conspicuous feature of the
campaign of the several candidates for the
St. Louis nomination has been the deter
mination of the rank and file to be heard.
Nothing has been said or done to weaken
by unfair means the candidacy of any
one, and all along there has been evidence
in abundance that whoever might he se
lected to lead the party would rally to
him the entire strength of tbe party. For
more than two years the rank and file
have been working on lines of harmony.
The importance of rescuing the country
from the ruinous policy of Cleveland's ad
ministration awakened a degree of enthu
siasm in the party that has grown wider
and deeper until it may be said that the
party is now more closely cemented than
ever before. There is harmony every
where, and a purpose of unanimity of ac
tion that the Democracy would find to be
irresistible even were it never itself so
united.
As to the oneness of sentiment which
has swept Mr. McKinley to the front of
the party, it was the spontaneous UDris
ing of the rank and file to center their
efforts upon a man in whom, they firmly
believed, was found every requirement of
a leader that should not only lead on to
certain victory, but who would adopt such
a policy, when elected, as would establish
strong and pcruiaaeut lines upon which.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
the people might plant and reap to their
own good. It is no reflection upon the
great leaders of the party that public sen
timent should select Mr. McKinley, nor
has any one the right to question the
judgment of the rank and tile.
Why or how the people come to rally
around Mr. McKinley by common con
sent, as it were, is well known. He has
always been a fearless and outspoken
champion of whatever was conducive to
the betterment of the conditions under
which the great middle class existed, he
wanted to see every American working
man have his own home. He wanted to
strengthen the trade lines of the dealer In
goods and wares. He wanted to see the
fanner amply rewarded for his toil. He
wanted to see mill and -factory shielded
from competition of countries who made
paupers of their operatives that they might
themselves wax fat. He wanted to see
America create wealth for division among
Americans. He wanted the American
idea of Home and social and business life
to prevail.
These are some of the reasons why the
deepest and most intense enthusiasm that
the people are capable of has been
awakened to the importance of taking the
affairs of the Government out of the
hands of the Democratic party, and a3 Mr.
McKinley, more than any other one man,
has caused this unanimity of sentiment to
prevail he became the logical and inevit
able choice of the people.
A WORD TO WAGE-EARNERS.
If wage-earners are not satisfied with
small pay and an occasional job they
should not wait to be asked to help those
who are trying to help them. If a skilled
or unskilled laborer is deprived of oppor
tunity to work six days every week at re
munerative wages there is something
wrong somewhere, and he should bestir
himself to find out where the trouble lies
and what is required of him to remove it.
The wage-earners of the United States are
in an overwhelming majority, and when
events -work against them it 13 their right
and their duty to at least help others
to change the conditions for the better.
The wage-earner who does not know
that the entire wage class of the United
States has been in a state of distress and
anxiety ever since the Cleveland adminis
tration opened our ports and invited the
labor of other countries to send its mer
chantable commodities to our markets
and undersell the product of our home
labor is quite too ignorant to be a good
workman at any calling. But those who
do know it know also that there is no way
under the shining sun to place their
Eources of employment upon a basis that
will insure to them constant work and
good wages except by joining hands with
the Republican party. They know by
hard experience that their industrial solu
tion lies in a system of protective tariffs
that shall effectually guard their jobs and
their wages against encroachment from
wagemen who are their inferiors in all
that goes to make a manly man.
A campaign against that sort of National
policy which forces American wage-earners
upon a parity with the wage class of Asia
and Europe is about to open. It will be a
bitter struggle. The Rothschild-Wall
street theory is that the many should
employ their brain and brawn to main
tain a few in elegant leisure or in unnat
urally profitable employment. That
theory will be advanced by the nominee
of the Chicago convention. The nominee
of the St. Louis convention will stand for
the American workingman against the
world, and if elected every man and
woman wage-earner in the United States
will be secure in his or her job and
will receive compensating wages. Thus
a question of vital importance to labor of
all grades is before the wage-earners of
this country, and if they sincerely have
desire for regular employment and good
wages they should take an active part in
the work of the campaign. Let there be
workingmen's clubs, and let the working
men mount the hustings aa well, for who
can more earnestly plead for prosperity
than the wageman who has been out of
employment for two or three years?
FOR BETTER TRADE RELATIONS
When the committee of American
merchants return from their tour of
observation through the South American
countries they should he able to aid Con
gress materially in establishing reciprocity
commercial relations between the United
States and the Latin-American nations.
We are buying lareely from the South
American States, but we do not seem to
be able to sell them a tithe of what we
should. They are maintaining a repub
lican form of government, and were a
foreign monarchy to attempt to make
conquest of either one of them an appeal
would quickly be made to the United
States for armed intervention; but when
it comes to commerce they are perfectly
willing that we 6hould buy their products,
and they are equally willing to pass by on
the other side of us and buy their mer
chandise in Europe. Something should be
done to remedy this injustice to our mer
chants and manufacturers.
Brazil is selling us about $118,000,000 of
her products every year, and buying $25,
-000,000 worth of merchandise in England
to not over $14,000,000 in this country.
That is to say, we furnish Brazil $25,000,000
a year to expend in English markets, and
yet, if a fleet of British warships were to
sail into Rio de Janeiro to annex any part
of the country to England, an appeal to
the United States for help would be made
immediately, but meanwhile a trade
balance against us of over $100,000,000 a
year i 3 allowed. And what is true of
Brazil is true in some degree of every other
Spanish- American State.
The United States ought to sell fully
three-fourths of the manufactured goods
consumed by the Latin States of South
America, but we shall not be able to in
crease our sales materially until close re
ciprocal relations are established. \lt is
very much more to the interests of South
America to buy and sell in our markets
than in Europe, but a basis of fair inter
change is necessary before existing con
ditions can be changed. The committee
of American merchants who are now look
ing for ways and means to increase our
merchandise sales are not authorized to
represent this Government, but it is ex
pected that much good will come of their
tour of that country.
After three years of depression, disaster,
low prices, low wages and governmental
weakness, it is not to be wondered at that
the people with an almost unanimous
voice demand the election to the Presi
dency of the man who in the popular
conception represents everything opposed
to Clevelandism. The people turn to Mc-
Kinley, because in him they see their
ideas of Americanism embodied in the
person of a statesman whom they honor.
Kruger knows how to play boldly while
luck is with him. He now demands from
England not only an indemnity for the
Jameson raid, but a seaport for the Trans
vaal, and it seems likely he will get both.
Hereafter the Boer republic will be one of
the powers that will have to be counted in
whenever a South African problem arises
; 10 be settled*
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
T. J. Sherwood, editor and lead ing proprietor
of the Marysvilta Daily Democrat, and Re
ceiver of tht Uaited States Laud Office at
Marysville, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Sherman is one of tlie best-known men in
that part of California. He settled in Yuba
County in 1858. He was for a number of years
engaged In the mercantile business. He also
embarked in mining, and altogether was a
man interested in many enterprises.
Bhortly after this he became a member of the
Assembly. But a term of this satisfied him en
tirely, and he never aspiied to future Legisla
tures.
Six years ego, the first of this month, he and
some of his friends bought the Democrat, and
Mr. Sherwood assumed the editorial manage
ment. He was and is a Republican, but he
made the paper independent.
President Cleveland appointed him Receiver
of the Land Office during his first term, and
reappointed him the second term. He has held
the office for five years now.
Mr. Sherwood says this is an extraordinarily
T. J. Sherwood, Editor and Owner of the Marysville Democrat and Receiver of
the United States Land Office at Marysville.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
prosperous year in Sutter and Yuba counties.
The grain and fruit crops are going to bring in
i a great deal of money.
"Fruit was injured only a little," said he,
"and it turned out that this was a benefit. It
I filled out better than it otherwise would have
I done. The cool weather helped out both grain
and fruit.
"About grain I want to say that we will
probably have a very large crop. It is looking
exceedingly well. We have excellent pros
pects. I have lived Rt Marysville since 1858,
and never before saw Sutter and Yuba Counties
look so well.
"Marysville, which has about 5,000 people,
is in an exceedingly healthy condition. The
delinquent tax list is less in Yuba County than
any other county I have seen. There is less
financial embarrassment there.
"We are getting five trains a day each way
now from Marysville, so that we have excel
lent facilities. We can reach San Francisco
and get back again in a few hours.
"The best canning plant in California has
just been finished at Marysville. The plant
cost about $40,000.
"1 came down with D. E. Knight, who is as
sociated with me. He is a delegate to the St.
Louis convention and was coming to the Union
Leaeue Club dinner and wanted me to come
along. lam a member, so I came down and
will meet the delegates before they leave on
their long trijV]
WOMAN'S BONNET.
Just In front of my pew sits a maiden—
A little brosvu biru on her hai,
With i.s to'ii-ii-s of tropical azure.
And sheen of the tail upon that.
Through the bloom-co ored panes shine a glory
By which the va.si shadows are stirred,
Bui 1 piue for the splendor and spirit
That painted the wing of the bird.
The organ rolls down its ereat an: hem,
' W Ith the soul of a sons it is blent.
But lor me 1 am sick for the aingiug
Of one little song thai Is spoilt.
The voice of the curate is gentle,
"No sparrow suuli fall to the ground"—
But the poor broken wing on the bounet
Is mockiug the merciful sound.
What does it cost this garniture of death ?
It costs i in' life wbicb ■ -od alone can give;
It costs dull silence where wus music's iirenth.
It costs d ad joy thai jooiisu pride may live.
All ! Lite, and joy, and song, depend upon it,
Are costly imnruinss fora woman* bonnet!
iiAitvhii,KV Smith, In Natural Food.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULISTS WILL, NOT FUSE.
They Cannot Indorse the Nominees of
the National Democracy.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call —
In my last letter I promised to give convincing
reasons for making the unqualified statement
that out of not less than 2.000,000 of straight
Populist voters the nominees of the Chicago
National Democratic Convention will not re
ceive a single vote, even though these nomi
nees may be well-Known silver men on an
unconditional free-silver platform. If 1 am
correct In tnis statement the fact should be
known to the public, as it will have a serious
Influence in the alignment of the forces which
will contend for the control of the Government
in the approaching campaign. It was also
stated that "candor compels the admission
that the gold men are at present masters of the
situation," lor they are united and the silver
forces are divided.
In order to prepare the mind of the reader to
, lay aside partisan bias and to be ready to weigh
with fairness what is to follow, a brief prelimi
nary statement is desirable. I am. a daily
reader of the Philadelphia Item, a strong pro
tective-tariff and free-silver Republican jour
nal and a supporter of Major McKinley. In
the issue of June 5, just at hand, the leading
editorial, which is on the political situation,
contains this paragraph: "Ihe people are tired
of hard times. They are tired of the sieadiiy
falling prices which, for twenty-five years,
have been steadily locking up money. They
desire a change." Note those four words,
thrown In between two commas, "for twenty
five years," and consider their import. The
concluding words of this half-column edi
torial are as follows: "The goldbugs may
secure from the St. Louis convention a be
trayal of the Republican party, of Republican
doctrine, but the people will repudiate the
convention if it is guilty of treachery. Busi
ness is dreadful everywhere and manufactur
ers, merchants and the *people generally will
insist that they be given ■ prosperity instead of
starvation," and the words "prosperity" and
"starvation" are printed in capitals.
"The people desire a change," and a radical
change— a change that will reverse the order
of things which has been locking up money
and causing falling prices "lor twenty-live {
years," as the Item puts it. Can they look for
that kind of a change by continuing the Demo
cratic party in power, even if it makes a decla
ration i:i its platform in favor of free silver
and nominates well-Known free-silver men ?
When the government was taken from Harri
son and McKinley at the last election
by the people and turned over to Cleveland
and a large free-silver Democratic majority in
Congress a special session was palled to repeal
silver legislation, which added 50,000,000 of
good Government dollars annually to the cir
culation, and these free-silver Democrats re
pealed that legislation, contracted the Na
tion's money fifty millions a year and betrayed
silver in ■•the house of its friends," or those
who were elected by the people as the un
faltering "frienas of silver." Democracy can
not be trusted as the "friend of silver," and I
predict that the peoplo will so decide at the
polls.
There are other objections to Democracy. It
has no National system of finance and cannot
agree upon one. It cannot raise revenue to
support the Government. It is a bond-issuing
party and has departed from the faith of the
lathers. It is not a real -more money" party,
but a party of contraction. The country has
no use for it. Its career is ended. '-The people
desire a change."
Tne "cnange" desired by the people seems
to be offered by the People's party. They have
always demanded the free coinage of silver,
but only as a minor issue, knowing full well
that if wo had free coinage of silver it would
take too many years with ail the mints at
work coining it to begin to meet the urgent
needs ol the country for "more money" ; and
so they demand full legal-tender paper money
based as bonds aro on the wealth, the faith
and credit of the Nation, exchangeable with
any other form of monoy, but not to be "re
deemed" in any other seusu or manner than
gold is redeemed. Populists also demand the
absolute abolition of all so-called "National"
banks as banks issuing bills to circulate
as money, and that the Goven.ment alone
shall issue all money, whether it be
gold, silver or paper, and they fur
ther demand that no discrimination shall
be made by "special contracts," or by the rul
ing of the Treasury Department in favor of one
particular kind of money, affirming that such
discrimination is rank disloyalty to the Gov
ernment and asrainsr public policy. On all
these principles straight Populists are agreed
to a man, and, what is of vaster Import, these
are all "vital principles" with them. Can a
party holding such principles of finance affil
iate, much less "fuse," with a Democracy which
holds none of them, but scouts Populists as
"cranks" given over to "financial delusions"?
He has not even a "bowing acquaintance"
with straight Populists who deludes himself
with the thought that such a thing is possible.
There is a final reason which renders
"fusion" with Natiopal Democracy not only
impossible, but absurd. For the Populists at
their National Convention in St. Louis July 22
to indorse the Chicago free-silver Democratic
nominee* and then go home and vote for them
would require that they should be counted as
Democrats and cease to exist as a party, and
that, too, on a minor i.ssue of finance as they
understand it! This would not oiily disband
them as a party, but would require them toac
cep; a match and forego tne fuel for cooking
their dinner, or to accept a dime instead of
$100 in good Government money. There will
be no "fusion" witn Democracy by the People's
party on National candidates, and I commend
to the Sun Francisco Bulletin a more familiar
acquaintance with the principles and guiding
purpose of the People's party.
In my next letter I shall try to show how
there will yet be a solid and compact union
be tweeu the Populists and all earnest and hon
est silver men; such a Union as will give the
gold men quite enough to do in the coming
contest before the people who "desfre a
change." Joseph Asbury Johnson.
11 hssex street, San Francisco.
A COAT BASQUE.
A charming little coat basque suitable for
silk or woolen fabrics is shown here. The back
has the usual portions, back, side form and
two uuder-arm gores, which insures a perfect
fit. All these pieces are cut to flare below the
waist line. The sleeves have a fitted lining,
which, in some waists extends to the wrist,
forming a dtted lower sleeve.
A waist of striped black and white had
sleeves of plain black with ruffles ol white
lace, the vest being made to match. This wag
designed for informal dinners and home wear.
A waist of green aud black taffetas had the
revers of black satin edged with a plaiting of
black mousseline de soie. •
COMPARATIVELY CHEAP.
Baltmoon Bay Coast Advocate.
The coronation of the Czar of Russia will cost
$7,000,000. That is cheap when the splendor
is considered. The last bond issue came higher
to this people, having cost $10,000,000.
IN ENGLAND
San Bernardino Times.
Cleveland would run well for a third term
in— Euglautf.
PERSONAL.
Dr. L. G. Rice of San Jose is at the Russ.
Charles N. Wllcox of Butte is at the Lick.
Dr. W. L. Woodrow of San Joie is in the City.
F. B. Glenn, a business man of Jacinto, is at
the Lick.
J. H. Sioan of Santa Fe is here, accompanied
by Mrs. Sloan.
William Nichols, the mine owner, of Dutch
Flat is in town.
Judge J. P. Haynes of Eureka Is a recent ar
rival at the Lick.
Ex-Jndge A. T. Gunnell of Colorado Springs
Is at the Palace.
Professor A. L. Colton of Mount Hamilton is
on a visit to the City.
W. R. Dinsmore, a soap manufacturer of Los
Angeles, is in the City.
Thomas G. young, Coroner ot Sonoma
County, Is at the Russ.
J. B. Thompson, a business man of Salt Lake,
arrived here yesterday.
Ex-Congressman J. A. Lonttlt of Stockton Is
in town for a brief stay.
Cnarles W. Fay, a street-paving contractor of
San Jose, is at the Lick.
Charles E. Sbepard, a railroad contractor of
Seattle, is on a visit here.
A. M. Butts and E. D. Lynch, mining men of
Angels Camp, are in the City.
Charle3 E. Oliver and wife of Jackson are
registered at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
S. Davis, the well-known stock-raiser, of
Alta, is staying at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
w. H. Spencer, a prominent business man of
Fresno, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
Franz Alfred Foreneny of St. Petersburg,
Russia, arrived here last nigbt on his way to
Siberia.
G. W. Mann of Dulnth, Minn., who Is ex
tensively engaged in business there, is at the
Occidental.
R. P. Lathrop, manager of the Farmers' ana
Grangers' Warehouse at Holllster, is among
the arrivals at the Grand.
Among the recent arrivals here is Marshall
V. Hartranft of Philadelphia, a relative of ex-
Governor Hartranft of Pennsylvania-
Hugh Mel. Porter, the San Jose correspond
ent of The Call, accompanied by his bride
(Frankie Merrill), is in town for a short Honey
moon trip.
HJoseph H. Sheldon of Haverhill, Mast, is at
the Grand, accompanied by a party of friends.
Tbey bave been making a tour ol interesting
places in California.
William H. Earle, proprietor of the Park
Avenue Hotel, New York; Mrs. Earle, Mrs. A.
G. Earle and daughter, and Mrs H. de F. Earle
and child, are at the Palace.
Miss Cora M. Evans of Park Hill avenue,
daughter of A. H. Evans, long of Goodall, Per
kins & Co., is now on a visit with relatives in
Chicago. The young lady will yev c absent four
months.
G. H. Lippelt, a wealthy business man of St.
Louis, who is engaged in manufacturing tents
and rubber goods and who has been here for
some days, left for home by way of Los Angeles
yesterday.
G. A. Hicks, the giant of Scotts River, who
stands 6 feet 7 inches high, keeps a big gen
eral store and has large landed and mining in
terests, is among the recent arrivals here. Mr.
Hick* is one of the pioneers of Scotts River.
Sir Henry Dering, British Minister to Mex
ico, Lady Dering, and their son, accompanied
by Mrs. Camacho, wife of Mayor Camacho of
the City of Mexico, arrived here from Mon
terey and other places yesterday, and are at
the Palace.
Messrs. Campbell and Isenberg, of Honolulu,
brought on the steamer which a/rived here a
day or two ago a large cube of ice in which are
frozen a number of fine white mullet, a fish
grown in the waters of Hawaii. The ice cube
Oi iisb was exhibited for some time in tne cor
ridors of the Occidental yesterday and at
tracted considerable interest.
Charles Bennett Hamilton, a leading mem
ber of the Kildare Club, London, and lately
commissioned by Great Britain to investigate
the seals of Bering Sea and the coast of Japan,
was among the recent arrivals here, and sailed
a day or two ago for the «cene of his duties.
He was registered at the Palace, and endeav
ored to keep the purposes of his trip while
here as much a secret as possible.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., Juno 11.— At the St.
Cloud— C. B. Wood. Park Avenue— Mrs. Dayau.
Astor— G. E. Fauckeny. St. Nicholas— W. Town
send. Hoffman— S. 3ear. Holland— R. B. Hine.
Bclvidere— Mrs. L. K. btickuell. Kormandie—
Mrs. Abbey.
SOME CHARAC ERISTICS OF THE
CONVENTION.
St. Louis Globe- Democrat.
Next to newness in the work, the notable
characteristics of the convention will be the
youthfulness of the delegates. It will give a
queer sensation to tbe two or three veterans
who voted thirty-seven times in 1880 for "the
Old Commander," and who still treasure the
"306 medals'," to see U. S. Grant rise at the
head of the California delegation and as chair
man make ihe announcements.
As is usual, several hundred seats in the
gallery have been set apart for the Grand
Army. The veterans will be well represented
among the lookers-on, but there will be fewer
of their, in the delegate chairs than in any
previous convention since the war. Generals
will be scarce. Conspicuous among them and
outranking all but one other of them will be a
Confederate. An ex-private is to be nom
inated. Truly tne Civil War is a long way back
when this can be sa^d of a Republican Na
tional convention.
The venerable Richard W. Thompson will sit
at the head of the Indiana delegation, but the
more venerable John I. Blair of New Jersey
will be missing. Mr. Blair was in the Minne
apolis convention. He was the only man
there who hud helped to nominate both Har
risons, Wilhrtm Henry and his grandson,
Kenjamin. He had sat in every Republican
National Convention since the birth ol the
party. He said then that Minneapolis was his
last. Mr. Thompson now becomes the father
of the Republican National Convention. He
has known more Presidents than any man
living. President Hayes went to the banks ot
the U abash to iind a Sjcretary of the Navy,
and when Mrs. Tnompsou heard of it she
said:
"Why, Richard can't even swim."
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
Blakeley— l understand you ladies have or
ganized a debating cluo.
Margaret— Yes; and we have such grand
times laughing at the girls who get up to
talk.— Philadelphia North American.
Kind neighbor (accompanied by a large mas
tiff, to a little girl very much atraid ol him)—
He's a good dog; he never hurts any one.
Don't you see how he's wagging his tail?"
Little girl (still shrinking back)— Yes, I see;
but that isn't the end I am afraid of. — London
Tit-Bits.
Over the State— over the State,
Still he is going— the candidate !
He is with us early— he lingers late;
He writes our names on bis 10-cent slate;
Patient to suffer, and patient to wait,
Willing to swine on a rusty gate,
Best of all fellows— tbe candidate !
Atlanta Constitution.
A TRIBUTE FROM SHASTA.
Shasta Courier.
Old flag, floating so proudly and grandly
over the living, to-day float sorrowfully and
tenderly over thy sacred dead. Red like the
blood they gave, white as tne snows of their
free hills, blue as the peaceful sky that smiles
ovei the land they died to save— gorgeously
gloriously, resplendently and lovingly droop
toy folds over them.
Flowers and tears fall o'er their place of
dreamless sleep. To-day Columbia weeps
above her fallen sons uud in her agony of
erief is born a love that makes the nation's
dead immortal.
SIGNS OF THE END.
Santa Clara Journal.
Those who stand by the theory that passing
events foretell the end of the world certainly
have some strong evidence to back this belief
at present.
WHY NOT ENFORCE THE LAW ?
Voice of Labor.
Why is the ordinance in regard to prize
fighting not enforced in San Francisco? Tbe
ordinance was passed with the intention of
doing away with fistic encounters in this
County and was generally approved. And
why, we will say again, is the law evaded?
Can a law be passed that cannot be evaded?
Certainly, if they uisli it. We need a iUtle
plainer language and less so-called judicial
corfstruction in many of our laws.
BUT WHERE IS HE NOW?
San Jose News.
Almost every day nome town sends in word
that Dunham once lived there, says the Kxam
4ner. However important tliW fact may be it
assumes an air of lnnlKu! (leaner beside the
question as to wlnuo Ixmlium ia living rigut
now.
NOBLE BENEVOLENCE
Frennb Republican.
Mrs. Stanford will manage to pull along on
$30,000 a year, but not the less she deserves
credit for tho 90,000 a year of her income
which she deliberately devoted to the needs
of the university. It was a good act.
WHEN ALL MEN ARE POOR
Hulfmoon Bay Advocate.
Men are never so poor as when the Assessor
calls. , .
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Postmaster-General Wilson is said to have
received an offer of the presidency of a West
tern college and may accept it when he leaves
the Cabinet.
The home of Queen Victoria in her youthful
days, Pierremout, Broadstairs, has just passed
into the bands of the proprietors of an educa
tional establishment.
Queen Margherita ot Italy's mother, the
dowager Duchess of Genoa, was taken with
smallpox during a recent visit to the Quirinal
and was nursed by her daughter.
Miss Helen Gould has employed Mile. Irma
Komlosy to paint some of tbe finest specimens
of her orchids. This lady i-i the instructress of
the ladies of the royal house of Austria and ia
a flower painter of exteuded reputation.
Many years ago William Murphy left Ireland
and went to Spain to grow up with the coun
try. He is now Count di Morphy, private sec
retary 10 the Queen Regent of Spain and cham
berlain to Alphonso XIII and a grandee of
the first class.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's."
— «
Finest eyeglasses, specs, 15c up. 8114 4th st.
nr. barber; Sundays 738 Market (Kast's store).'
* — «—« —
Special information daily to manufacturer*,
business houses and public men by the Pra*»
Clipping Bureau (Allen's;, 510 Montgomery. *
• — ♦■ — •
Vacation excursions over the N. P. C. R. R.,
via Sausalito ferry, through a country unsur
passed for camping or a day's outing. Addi
tional trains after June J4. *
Benefit of Good Roads.
Flacerviiie isucget.
What is it that makes any place a big center
of population? It is its accessibility. If It is
not easy to get into a town, or at least com
paratively easy, people are liable to give it the
go-by. Good roads is the secret of a town's
ease of accessibility. Show us a town from
which radiate in every direction good wagon
roads and you show a gooj town that is suc
cessful. It Is easy to get into. His cheaper to
get into for it saves on borse flesh and n saving
on horse flesh is sufficiently an inducement to
the producer to go there. Don't you think
this road districtought to have road machines T
That is what will do the trick every time.
899 75 to 'Washington, I>. C, and Re
turn.
The official excursion to the fificpnth annual
convention of the Younsr People's Society Chris
tian Endeavor at Washington. D. C, July 7, will
leave Los Angeles Monday, June 29, at 2 p.m.
and San Francisco Tuesday, June 30, at 7 a.m.
The route will be via the Central Pacific, Union
Pacific, Chicago and Northwestern, and Baltimore
and Ohio railways, and the excursion will be made
1 under the personal supervision of G. w. Campbell,
pres dent of tho California Christian Endeavor
Union, 18 North Second Street, tSan Jose, and
William G. Alexander, ex-preaident of tbe Cali
fornia Christian Kndeavor Union, 2l North Fourth
Btreet. San Jose. For further Information and
reservation of berths apply to either of the gentle
men ortoD. \V. Hitchcock, 1 Montgomery strett,
San Francisco; C. K. Bray, 2 Xc»- Montgomery
street, San Francisco: O. ¥. Herr, 2S South Sprint;
Btreet, Los Angeles, or to any ticket agent of the
Southern Pacific Company.
Excursions to Grand Canyon of the
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing thig»wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through >he excursions to leave San Fraucirict
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic »Dd Pacific
Railroad. Fare Includes stage trip from Flagstaff
meals en route and botel expenses at Canyon, $75
For full particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook & Son, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic and
Pacific Kail road. 11. <_'. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle builflln,-, s. i\
St. Louis Convention.
Parties taking advantage of tho cheap rat en to
the Kepublican Convention can secure tickets r»
turnini; via st, Paul and tbe Nor. hern Pad do
Kallroad. T. K. Btateler, gentral agent, 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
"Mrs. Wlnslow's .Soothing Syrup
Has been used over 50 yearn hv millions of mother*
for their children while Teething with perfect suc
cess. It soothes the child, softens the gums, allay i
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes. For sals by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sura and as£
for Mrs. Wlnslow's Soothing Hvruo. '25c a bo;Ua.
Coroxado.— Atmosphere Is perfectly dry. sjfj
and mild, being entirely free from the mist* cool*
mon further north. Bound-trip ticket!, by gtwn-
Ship, including fifteen days' board as th» Howl Jat
Coronado, $60: longer stay $2 50 per da/. Applr
4 -New Montgomery St., ban i'ra-icisco.
California for Gold
Stockton Independent
This is a truth that cannot be too often re
peated to impress on Californians that it is
idle to sees wealth in distant or foreign re
gions when there is siN-h a vast amount of un
developed wealth in this State. AH that is re
quired to develop it is knowledge of mining and
energy and persistency in peeking it. When a
good deposit is discovered there is no lack ot
capital tor development and many hundreds
of millions will continue to reward "those who
have the intelligence to seek And the perse
verance to continue the search in the icold
laden Sierras, not a tithe of the wealth of
which is yet known.
KEW TO-PAT.
Tflivpc Free
— « triYuo riuu
Beautiful articles richly decorated.
Also white porcelain and china ware.
3 cups and saucers, 3 plates,
1 vegetable dish, 1 salad bowl,
1 bowl, 1 meat dish, 1 honey dish,
Custards, mustard pots, cream pitch***
3 table tumblers, butterdish, ** ? <
Suear bowl, berry dish, rose bowls,
Celery and olive dishes, knives,
Forks and spoons, 6 berry dishes and
A large lot of other useful dishes.
YOUR CHOICE FREE
With Each Pound.
5Q C TEAS, any kind.
Coiima Pure Spices,
Colima Baking Powder.
; . ...- AT——.
Great American Importing Tea Co.
MONEY SAVING STORES:
1344 Market st. , 6 Ninth -it \
'°™ff»°n «t- Third st tU
f 7 d ii? y •** 96 5 Market st.
1410 Polk st. 3006 Sixteenth «L
521 Montgomery aye. fo 4 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3as9 Mission st.
S3 Market st. (Headquarters), S. F.
1053 Washington «t. 616 E. Twelfth st.
iii ban Pablo aye. 917 Broadway, Oakland
I i3 5 5 Park St., Alamcda.FBIDAY JCNE 12, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Balbwis Thkatkk.— "ln Mirzonra."
California THKATEK.-"The Home Secretary."
Monday evening, June 15.
( oLru ria 1 hkatkb— "Brother John."
Vorosco's urKRA-liousK— -Brother Against
Brother. '
Tivoi>r OPKRA-Hotjeic— "Lorraine."
URTHKru— High-Class Vandevllle.
urover's AICA7AB.— -'The Little Detective,"
to-morrow night.
Thk A CDiTOßirM— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— " Frou-Frou." Testimonial to Miss Mar-
garet Craven.
H'iko Conkt Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances.
Ghoot thk Chtjtks— Dally at Haigtat street, one
tlock east of the Park.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Kxcubsion- and Picnio— To Glen Ellen, Wed-
nesday, June 17.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt Chas. Lkvy <fc Co.— This day (Friday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By 8. Babch— This day (Friday), Furniture, at
"02 Van Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
By L. Vincent- This day (Friday), Furniture,
at 522 Polk street, at 11 o'clock.
By Kaston A Eldri doe— Saturday, June 13,
General Machinery and Commission Business, at
46 Fremont street, at 12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Cogswell College will reopen July 27 with
improved courses.
The Supreme Court has issued a writ of re
view in the Barron will case.
August Biderbost yesterday sued for annul
ment of his marriage contract.
Arguments in the garbage franchise suit are
being heard in Judge Hebbard's court.
Miss Elizabeth Strong, the well-known Cali
fornia artist, returned home yesterday.
"Fair, brisk to hieh winds in the afternoon,
probably fog at night," is to-day's forecast.
The Tivoli announces the engagement of a
number of lyric stars for a season of grand
opera.
The appeal of Josephine Smith for an In
crease of alimony has been refused by the Su
preme Court.
Mrs. Mamie Ross, 615 Mason street, mysteri
ously disappeared Wednesday ana the police
are searching for ner.
George A. Masou, alias Taylor, an ex
convict, was sent to the County Jail for sixty
days yesterday for stealing a horse and buggy*.
The Merchants' Association Charter conven
tion will soon be held and representatives
from all the improvement clubs will be
j. resent.
H. E. Huntington returned from a trip to the
southern part of the State yesterday, and in«n
in terview spoke of improvements being made
in that portion of the State.
Marcus Cohn yesterday applied for letters of
administration on the estate of his wife, Flora
M. <'ohn, who died April 20 leaving an estate
of st>2lo, consisting of money in bank.
George E. White, the "Mendocino cattle
king," has been converted to the doctrines of
spiritualism and tells of many strange ad
ventures with the denizens of the sky.
Burglars broke into a .shed Wednesday night
in the rear of k building in the course "of erec
tion on Feil street. nearLyon. and made away
with a number of very valuable tools.
The Women's Republican StHte Central Club
met at the California Hotel last night and de
cided to participate in th* general ratification
meeting after the St. Louis nominations.
Carroll Davis, a boy 6 years of age, living at
1536 Devisadero street, was run over by a
milk wagon at Sutter and Devisadero streets
yesterday afternoon and seriously injured.
The senior class of the Girls' High School
were presented with their diplomas of gradu
ation last evening. The usual literary exer
cises were omitted and a reception held in
s'ead.
Mrs. Laura Gibbons. Twenty-second and
Valencia streets, was arrested last night for
exhibiting a deadly weapon in a rude and
tnreatening manner at John Shepard, a piano
agent
The Servian - Montenegrin Literary and
Benevolent Society will give its eleventh an
nual picnic Sunday, June 14, at Schuetzen
lark. San Rafael, and will distribute 130
prizes.
Policeman Tuite got a setback from Judge
Campbell yesterday by having a case of va
erancy against a woman thrown out of court,
because the Judge did not believe his testi
mony.
Cassias M. Coe, its president, and F. C. Rob
erts, delegates from the San Francisco Press
Club to the convention of the International
Loaeue of Press Clubs, leave for the East this
morning.
George Carr was caught yesterday morning
Dg an empty house on California
■iguna streets with thirteen globes in a
- under his arm and was booked for
burglary.
The joint committees of the Women's
Lge Amendment Association are making
inparations to send a delegation to attend
• mocratic Convention at Sacramento
next Monday.
The strike of the hackdrivers apainst the
Pacific Carriage Company was declared off
iay afternoon. The matter wus brought
to ft culmination by the withdrawal of the
i h ree leaders.
The Native Sons of the Golden West will cele
brate the fiftieth anniversary of the raising of
the bear flag to-morrow at Sonoma. There
c a grand parade, lfterary exercises, a
barbecue and a ball.
• itizens generally express contempt for those i
-upervisors who are responsible for leaving
the City in darkness for the last half of this j
;aonth. They suggest that it is the result of •
'doing" some very poor politics.
William Jackman opened a poolroom in Sau-
SHlito yesterday. It flourished all day, al
though he and one of his employes were ar
rested and released on hail. Nearly two hun
dred City sports bet on Eastern races there.
John Giloney, a laborer, who purchased a
pair of trousers and braces in a clothing-store
on Kearny street and did not have them de
livered to'him, had occasion yesterday to form
t. poor opinion of justice in the Police Courts.
Judge Campbell will decide to-day as to
whether FranK McNeil, painter, who slashed
the face of Frank Rankin in Mrs. O'Grady's
saloon, Natoma and Mary streets, will be held
for assault to murder or assault with a deadly
weapon.
Residents of East Oaklnnd have petitioned
the Southern Pacific Company to afford them
transfer facilities in connection with the High
land Park and Frui'vale Railroad, whereby
they may reach Broadway and West Oakland
for one fare.
Seven amateur swimmers, members of the
California Swimming Club, will undertake to
swim from the Olympic Club's pier on the
ocean beach, to and around the Seal Rocks a:id
back to the starting point, on Sunday, June 21,
simply for fame and glory.
A suit will be commenced to-day at the In
stance of Mrs. Cassie A. Graham, 127 Fourth
street, claiming $15,000 damages, against
P. E. O'Heir, hardware merchant, 135 Fourth
street, and Mrs. Hubbard of Sacramento for
injuries received in O'Heir'e store.
James R. Wood, the Boston detective who
has been infconlidential relations with all the
principal cßaracters in the Ashley-Baldwin
suit, was on the stand all yesterday afternoon.
Attorney Crittenden subjected him to a severe
cross-examination, but he stood the fire re
markably welL
NEW TO-DAT. ■
DISTRESSING j&-
IRRITATIONS W.
OF THE V^§^ J
skin JSjjm/
Instantly Wf*m\\((/
Relieved by //1 1 1 VV
To cleanse, purify, and beautify the skin,
icalp and hair, to allay itching and irritation, to
heal chafing*, excoriations, and ulcerative weak-
nesses, to speedily cure the first symptoms of
torturing, disfiguring skin and scalp humors,
nothing so pure, so sweet, so wholesome, so
speedily effective as warm baths with Cuticura
Boap, and gentle applications of Cuiicuba
(ointment), the great skin cure.
Bold throughout the world. Pries, Ctticttia. CPe .;
Sr,, P 25c.s KksoLTsxT. aOc «nd *t. Pott« Dbuo
ixd Chrm. Cost., Sole Propi . Boiton. - _■,
meg- •• How to Cure Skin DlfeMe*," mailed free.
SUTRO TO RUN
FOR CONGRESS
A Prominent Politician
Says It Is Highly
Probable.
BOMBSHELLS NOT "IN IT."
Julius Kahn Finds Himself Be
tween the Devil and the
Deep Sea.
TOM CLUNIE ALSO PUZZLED.
The Candidacy Is Now Said to Rest
Entirely With Mayor Sutro
Himself.
A little bomb has lately been thrown
among the local politicians, particularly
of the Democratic and Populist parties,
that is causing widespread consternation,
though strenuous endeavors are being
made to conceal it.
It is a rumor just come to the ears of
the aspirants for Congress from the Fifth
Congressional District that Mayor Sutro is
to be a candidate for Congress on the Pop
ulist ticket.
The report comes from one of the high
political wirepullers, who forbids the use
of his name, but who admitted that the
news had been learned by him only yes
terday evening.
How the fact got out he refused to state.
That was something, he said, that in no
degree interested the public, but it made
a great deal of difference to him.
"Furthermore, he said, that though the
offer of the nomination had been made to
the Mayor, it was not as yet positively
known that he would accept it. His own
private opinion, however, was that there
is not much doubt of it.
If the Mayor should conclude to accept
the honor, it was further stated, it would
produce a great change on the prospects
of many local politicians' hopes. In the
first place, it would put Sutro in line for
office of Governor of this State, a position
which, it is claimed, he has long had in
prospect.
General Clunie has already announced
his candidacy, and some of the prominent
party leaders say that he is no doubt in a
hot- box now, for if the Mayor runs his
personality may win him many Demo
cratic votes.
Julius Kahn, "another candidate, has
said that if the railroad throws its influ
ence for some other man he will run on an
independent ticket. Again, if the Mayor
should conclude to run he would be a most
vigorous opponent.
Several of the leading Populistic lights
were consulted yesterday on the subject. |
Most of them admitted having heard that i
Sutro was in demand as a candidate, but I
only one or two, who are on the inside of
affairs, could positively verify it. In gen
eral they refused to do this, merely drop
ping vague hints.
Taylor Rogers, who is supposed to un
derstand the condition of affairs better,
perhaps, than most others merely said:
"Why do you ask me? If the Mayor in
tends to announce himself as a candidate
he has not so stated to me. You had better
see him personally."
Dr. George W. Daywalt, who does not
mix actively in politics on account of his
professional reputation, but who never
theless is generally known to exercise a
pretty strong hand in steering the Pop
ulist "bark, was entirely non-committal.
Ke freely admitted that he had heard
there was an intention to bring the Mayor
forward as a candidate, "but," said he,
"as to the truth of it, as£ the winds that
blow."
'Nevertheless, it rests on the best of
aufhority that it now lies with the Mayor
as to whether or not he will be the Pop
ulist candidate for Congress from the Fifth
Congressional District.
VALUABLE TOOLS STOLEN
Burglars Operate at a New
Fell-Street Resi
dence.
They Break Open a Shed and Carry
Away Several Expensive Car
penter's Outfits.
A burglary of a class which, by its fre
quency of late, has become extremely an
noying was perpetrated some time between
8 :30 o'clock Wednesday nicht and yester
day mornine from a shed in the rear of an
unfinished residence building on Fell
street, near Lyon.
The building is being erected by White
Bros., carpenters and contractors, and they
have in their employ three journeyrrien.
Wednesday, when the men quit for the
day, they placed their tools in a shed in
the rear of the building, relying on a strong
lock to protect them from thieves.
Yesterday morning they found the lock
broken off, and all of the tools which were
of sufficient value to be carried away were
missing.
As all of the men lived at some distance
from the job they had quite an assortment
of tools on hand which they could ill afford
to lose.
The White brothers fared even worse
than their employes, lor absolutely every
tool they possessed was taken. The thieves
were evidently in no hurry about their
work, lor they had searched the entire
building to see that nothing of value es
caped them.
The matter was not reported to the
police, as the men claim to have had very
unsatisfactory experiences in recovering
stolen property in the past. They say that
such property as is recovered by the
police rs so bound up in official red tape
that tney lose more time than the tools
are worth trying to gain possession of it.
Similar burglaries have occurred in the
same neighborhood lately.
San Francisco. June 10, 1896. To the dray-
men and teamsters of San irancisco — Gentle
men: The Draymen and Teamsters' Union ex
tend to you an invitation to meet them next
Saturday evening, June 13, at tneir hall, 121
Eddy street, at half-past 8 o'clock, lor the pur
pose of discussing the street pavement for the
best interests of the teaming business of San
Francisco. Also to stand upon our rights in re
gard to cartain streets. Do not fall to attend,
as our rights are In danger. D. P. Brown, pres
ident; J. B. Niderost, recording secretary. *
Asbestos towels are among the curiosi
ties of the day. When dirty it is only
necessary to throw them into a redhot fire
and after a few minutes draw them out
fresh and ciean.
When the tomb of the great Emperor
Frederick, who died in 1250, was opened
in 1780 his coronation ring, set with a
beautiful emerald, was still found upon
his finger.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
George Billings* New Sloop- Yacht That Will Shortly Be Launched at Tiburon. Her Owner Asserts
That She Will Be a World-Beater.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
WAS CAUGHT IN
A HEAVY GALE
Schooner Elvinia Has to
Return to Port in
Distress.
ANOTHER RACING YACHT
Will Be Launched in Her Nati
Element To-Morrow at
Tihuron.
SHE WILL HAVE FLEET WINGS
The Steamer Coos Bay Has Been
Withdrawn From the Mexican
Trade.
The schooner Elvinia, which left here
on the 6th inst. tor Eureka, returned to
port yesterday. She was caught in the
same gale as the Australia and Santiago,
and suffered severely. She lost her fore
sail and flying-jib, and other minor dam
age was done. When her centerboard
snapped off the captain determined to put
about and run for this port.
The Acapulco, which was due yesterday J
from Panama and way ports, did not put
in an appearance. She probably was
caugttt in the same gale, and has been de
tained by the heavy head seas and strong
winds.
One of the prettiest yachts that has been
buii: here in years is now almost completed
at Tiburon and will be launched to-morrow.
Her owner is confident that she will beat
any vessel of her size in the bay.
The new flyer is 52 feet over all and 36
feet 6 inches on the water-line. Her beam
is 14 feet and Ler depth 5 feet, while her
mast from deck to truck is 49 feet. The
main boom will be 40 feet, the gaff 24 feet
and the bowsprit 8 feet long, and she will
have an overhang forward oi 7 feet and aft
8 feet. There will be 7>i tons of lead on
the keel and the centerboard wiil be 12
feet with a drop of 6 feet. The new craft,
which has not been named, is owned by G.
Billings, who will have quite a gathering
at Tiburon to-morrow to see her dip into
the bay.
A steam launcti for Captain C. A. Mc-
Neill is also being completed at Tiburon.
She will be called the Tia Juana and has
been built out of a large whaleboat. She
is 28 .feet long, 6 feet 6 inches beam, and
her gas engines are five horsepower. She
will be ready for a trial trip on Saturday.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Coos Bay. due here to-morrow from Mexi
can pprts, will not run any more on that
route for the present. The trade from
Arizona via Guaymas has fallen off, and
in future the steamer Orizaba will be able
to handle it. The C<h>s Bay will probably
be placed in the coast trade.
'The same company's Bonita will sail
this afternoon for Port Harford, Lompoc,
Hueneme, San Pedro and Newport, carry
ing combustibles and freight only.
The schooner R. W. Bartlett has made
a very smart run of forty -eight days from
here "to Siberia. On April 10 last she
sailed for the Amoor River with a num
ber of iron barges aboard for the Russian
Transportation Company. The barges
were built by the Union Iron Works, and
are to be used on the Upper reaches of the
river. Captain Olsen telegraphs that he
arrived near his destination on May 28,
but as the ice was breaking up very slow
ly in the Amoor it would prouably be t c
15th inst. before he could begin dis
charging.
The British ship Lyndhurst, now lying
at Sausalito, is to be sold at public auc
tion. She belongs to the Lyndnurst Ship
ping Company, anc, as the stockholders
have not paid their assessments, the ves
sel is to be sold to the highest bidder un
der an order of a British court in chancery.
Nearly ail the stockholders are poor peo
ple, and they will be heavy losers, as
ships are a drug on the market all the
world over at present.
The schooner Vine will leave to-day for
Central America, and from there will go
on a trading cruise to the southern seas.
Captain Luttrell goes out in command,
and as he knows the islands well the voy
age is sure to be a successful one.
LOADED WITH KEYS.
George Carr, a Housebreaker, Caught
Stenling Globes From an
Imply House.
George Carr, a married man, 40 years of
age, living at 617 Mission street, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday morn
ing on the charge of burglary.
He went to the engine-house at the cor
ner of California and Laguna streets car
rying a paint pail and brush in his hands.
He asked for the key of a larpe empty
house on the opposite corner, saying that
he had been sent to do some work there.
He got the key, but as the firemen sus
pected him of being a man who stole some
clobes from another house about three
months ago they determined to watch him.
Carr went to the bouse and in a few min
utes was seen to leave with a big bundle
under his arm. Policeman Steve Bunner
saw him and arrested him. The bundle
contained thirteen globes, which he had
taken from the chandeliers in the house.
When searched at the City Prison sixty
five keys of different sizes and shapes were
found "in his pockets. The police believe
that he has been at the business for a long
time.
LOST HIS TROUSERS.
John Giloney Has a Poor Opinion of
Justice in the Police
Courts.
John Giloney, a laborer, is mourning the
loss of a pair of trousers and a pair of
braces, and is impressed with the belief
that justice in the Police Courts is a
sham.
About a week ago he went to a clothing
store on Kearny street, near Bush, and
purchased some articles, including the
trousers and braces. When the articles
reached his home the trousers and braces
were missing. He hastened back to the store
and demanded an explanation, but it was
not given. Then he swore to a complaint
charging Henry Kahn, one of the clerks,
with petty larceny.
The case came up before Judge Low yes
terday morning. Kahn and his fellow
clerks swore that the trousers and braces
were in the parcel when it left the store,
and Giloney could not swear whether it
was Kahn or another clerfc named Pickins
who served him.
Attorney Rosenthal, for the defendant,
moved for a dismissal. He thought the
defendant would be sufficiently punished
by paving him a fee of $25.
"Will you collect the $25?" asked the
Judge.
"I certainly will," replied Rosenthal.
"Then the case is dismissed," said the
Judge.
"What about my trousers and braces?"
inquired Giloney, but he got no answer.
HIGH-PRICED CHERRIES.
Orchardists May Expect Good Returns
for Their Fruit This Year.
J. A. Filcher, manager of the State
Board of Trade, states that California
orcbardists need not feel discouraged for
all that there will be only half a crop in
many of the fruits. In Georgia, which is
! the largest fruit Slate, there is not more
than a third of a crop; hence the prices
will be good.
Mr. Filcher yesterday received word
from C. M. Wooster, a member of the
board who lives in Santa Clara County,
who states that good prices will be paid
this year, and that those who have even
half a crop of fruit ■will realize better than
if there was an ahundant harvest and
poorer prices. Mr. Wooster wrote that his
neighbor, Mr. Geiger, had recently sold
ten acres of cherries on the trees for $8000,
or $800 an acre, $500 down and the balance
as soon as the harvesting begins. From
this and similar reports it may be pre
dieted that good |retnrns will be made for
all California fruits this year.
RAISING THE BLAIRMORE
An Anchor Under the Hull
Stopped Yesterday's Final
Attempt.
It Had to Be R< moved and hy the
Time It Was Done the Tide
Had Turned.
The raising of the Blairmore did not
proceed as rapidly as expected yesterday
morning. The tanks gave the necessary
leverage when filled and there was no
trouble in getting the vessel into the re
quired position, iiefore towing the vessel
into shallow water an attempt was made
to recover the anchor that had held the
ship before sne capsized. Dynamite was
used and cut the massive chain as a razor
would cut paper.
When an attempt was made to hanl in
the slack, however, an obstacle was in the
way. The powerful winches of the big
wrecker could not budge the obstruction.
The stern moorings of the Whitelaw were
accordingly let go and then the pressure
was put on. The wrecker at once headed
for tne wrecß. It was then found that the
anchor was imbedded under tHe Blair
more.
Captain Caw of the sunken vessel waa
very much pleased over this fact, while
Captains Burns and Whitelaw did not ex
perience much joy. Caw sympathized with
the others in their disappointment over
the temporary stop, but he could not fail
to be pleased at finding that his theory of
the capsizing was correct. The finding of
the anchor where it is demonstrates that
during the gale the Blairmore forged
ahead, and when the squall struck her the
chain was right under her keel. Every
ounce of her weight that was added to the
strain only made it more intense, and over
slie went." The anchor-chain capsized the
vessel and the ballast played a very little
part in the catastrophe.
It did not take long to haul the anchor
from under the vessel once the Whitelaw
was in position, and then Captain White
law went to work getting the air-pump in
order. This did not take long, but in the
meantime the tide had turned and was
running in strong. The sugar-laden bark
Santiago was in the way, and Captain
Burns was afraid that if the sunken ship
was filled full of air she would rise and the
tide would carry her away. Everything
points to the fact, however, that when tne
tide serves this morning the vessel will be
towed into shallow water and the big un
dertaking will be over.
Captain Burns has a warm word of
praise for Whitelaw's divers. He says that
in ali his experiences in the raising of ves
sels he has never met with ruore efficient
men.
The tug Monarch was in attendance yes
terday, but when it was decided to aban
don the attempt to float the vessel until
to-day she at once returned to the City.
More hose and some extra appliances were
taken out to the wrecker last night, and
extra care has been taken to see that
everything is in readiness for the final at
tempt
THE SACRIFICE OF
THREE HACKMEN
Draw Out Rather Than
Keep the Rest From
Work.
THE STRIKE IS NOW OFF
Say the Company Has a Right
to Discharge Whom It
Pleases.
TO FORM A HACKMEFS UNION.
All the Drivers in the City Banded
Together to Strike for Higher
Wages.
The strike of the hackmen against the
Pacific Carriage Company is off. The
men have gained a decided victory, but it
has been at the self-sacrifice of the three
principals in the movement. These men
are William Shrewsbury, Charles E. Eds
berp and George H. Allen.
The company alter the interview with
Mr. Su r, representing the three under
taking firms, on Tuesday night, agreed to
take all the men back excepting these
three at the original wage rate of $1 50 per
day.
The men, however, were not satisfied
with this arrangement and determined to
remain out until their three leaders were
reinstalled. Matters continued thus until
yesterday afternoon. The undertaking
rirms, McGinn Brothers, Porter «fc Co. and
the firm of which Mr. Suhr is at the head
remained solid with the men, pledcing
themselves to withdraw their patronage
from the Pacific Carriage Company until
the three were given their old positions.
Had it not been for the remarkable self
sacrifice of the*e same leaders the strike
would have undoubtedly continued in full
force until the carriage company had ac
cepted the men's terms. But yesterday
Shrewsbury, Allen and Edsberg talked the
matter over and came to the conclusion
that rather than keep the fifteen or six
te n men who stood with them from ob
taining employment they would give up
the fight and concede to the company the
right to discharge what men it chose.
As soon as they made known this reso
lution to the other men the strike was de
clared off and all but the three went buck
to work.
Last night all the carriages were running
the same as usual, and everything was se
rene in the vicinity of the stables.
George H. Allen said last evening, rep
resenting the three men who had drawn
out from the strike:
"It was only on account of the other
men that we made up our minds to do this
thine. We were told by Al White of Por
ter ct Co.'s undertaking firm to-day tnat the
undertakers were still with uy, and
thai they would withhold their pat
ronage as long as we held out.
We told him of our intention and
said we did not think it was the lair
thing to the undertakers or the other men
to stay out simply on account of a erudee
to the company. He said, 'we will engage
their hacks then, but if they send us one
of the five scab drivers, we will simply not
take the hacks they drive.'
"This movement has been productive of
something," continued Mr. Allen, "that
will be of great moment to all the hack
drivers in the City. We have on hand
now the starting of a movement that will
include all the hackmen of San Francisco
in a union known as the 'Hackmen's
Union.'
•'The object of this will be to petition
and receive a wage of $2 per day, with an
exemption from broken springs and break
ages of all kinds on the wagon.
"This movement lias gained great head
way already and I prophesy that within
one month we will have|consummated our
end. We will circulate a petition among
all the riding patrons, and if we get the
encouragement we expect the thing will
be insured.
"1 am authorized to say that the hack
men extend their thanks to the press, the
undertakers and the riding public for the
sympathy that has been offered them and
the assistance that has been given them
in this strike."
Illness of General Mcl'omh.
General John McComb has been confined to
his bed at the home of Dr. E. J. Smith, 642
Folsom street, fur the past two days as the
result of a cold taken in his office. He is under
the care of Dr. Collischoon, and his family
expect to be able to remove him to-day to his
home in Temescul. After a rest of a day or two
there, he will probably go to Highland Springs,
Lake County, for a couple of weeks. During
his absence, Frank Holbrook will discharge
the duties of General McComb's office.
•—• — ♦ — •
It is said that during the recent disoders
in Johannesburg the Boer Government
expended about £5000 in relief to those
unable to obtain food by other means.
"When Baby was sick, vre gave hrr Castoria.
When she was a Child, she cried for Castoria.
When she becaino Miss, she clung to Castoria.
When she had Children, she gave them Castoria.
AT THE PERIL
OF THEIR LIVES
Seven Amateur Swimmers
to Circle About Seal
Rocks.
LADS IN THEIR TEENS.
Will Battle Against Treacherous
Currents, Undertows and
Breakers.
SIMPLY FOR FAME AND GLORY.
All of the Ambitious Youngsters Hold
Records as Swimmers and
Divers.
Seven intrepid members of the Califor
nia Swimming Club who are now in train
ing at the Lurline baths will, on Sunday
afternoon, June 21, risk their lives for
glory and for fame by undertaking to
swim from the Olympic Club's pier on the
Ocean Beach to the Seal Rocks, around
the latter and back to the starting point, a
total distance of about one and a quarter
miles.
Tne course as laid out is over one of the
most dangerous and treacherous courses
in the vicinity of San Francisco, abound
ing in swift currents, terrific undertows,
bidden rocks and powerful breakers.
Strong sailors have succumbed to one or
the other of-these in endeavoring to reacn
shore from a wrecked vessel at a point on
the beach near by, and not near so beset
with dangers. Yet among the seven lads
but two are out of their teens. Tue team
includes W. F. Huntington, R. B. Cornell,
A. Cobblyn, A. E. Cooper, Louis Hass
hagen, J. Geddes and Otto Schulte.
Huntington is the manager of the club,
and is considered one of the most power
ful amateur swimmers in the country.
Cornell is but 19 years of age. He is the
young man who, on Sunday last, while
impersonating a lady supposed to bear the
name of Miss Isadore Foote, made a 70
-foot dive At the Sutro baths. He is the
captain of the club, and is the proud owner
of three medals won in swimming con
tests, ranging in distance from 220 yards
to naif a mile.
Cobblvn is also 19 years, and bears the
proud distinction of having the record for
amateur high diving. The feat that earned
this was a leap of 75 feet. He also has a
line record as a fancy diver, and is an ex
pert in long-distance swim m in-.
Cooper, 20 years of age, has a 70-foot
dive to his credit and has made a mark in
long-distance swims by his wonderful en
durance.
Hasshagen is the youngest of the group,
being but 17 years of age, and holds an ex
ceptionally tine record for his age as a
long-distance deep-sea swimmer and high
and fancy diver. In his record is a 65- foot
dive which nearly cost him his life, about
a year ago. But, undeterred by tnis mis
hap, he expects this season to undertake a
70-foot dive. He holds the coast champion
ship for several short distances and ia the
owner of many costly tropnies won in
swimming matches, consisting most of
gold and silver medals. .During the Santa
Cruz water carnival he is booked for an
exhibition of nis skill as a swimmer on
June 17 and 18.
Gedaes for some time past has been con
sidered one of the finest long-distance
swimmers on the coast, and is said to be
unequaled as a fancy diver from the
trapeze.
Schulte' s past record is also believed to
justify his taking part in this hazardous
teat, and be feels confident that he will be
able to cover the course and add another
record to his past performances.
All the participants will be dressed in
the club's costume, carrying, however, as
little weight as decency will permit.
The only thing that will prevent the
feat being undertaken will be stormy
weather.
Expert swimmers who realize the dan
gers and chances that are involved in this
programme say that the attempt verges
on suicidal folly.
RAN AWAY WITH A TEAM
Disaster Caused by a Big Hay
Wagon on a Down
Grade.
A Fire Company Stampeded, a Horse
Xi led and a Pair of Trousers
Ruined.
A four-horse team belonging to Dutton
& Co., hay and grain merchants, caused
considerable excitement on California and
Leavenworth streets yesterday afternoon.
As the result of a peculiar combination of
circumstances one of the four big Norman
horses is dead, Jerry Sweeney, driver of
engine 3, is minus a pair of trousers,
and J. Schierbaupi, driver of one of Knud
son's bakery-wagons, is congratulating
himself on account of his narrow escape
from serious if not fatal injury.
Dutton & Co.'s team was being driven
along California street in the direction of
Hyde when a passing car struck one of the
near wheels. This frightened the horses
and they made a sudden start. At this
point there is a stiff grade, and when the
horses recovered from their fright they
were unable to check the momentum
which the heavy wagon had attained.
Faster and faster the ponderous vehicle
urged the unwilling horses on until, in
their efforts to escape being crushed, they
were forced into a wild gallop.
One of Kundson's bakery wagons was in
the path of the runaway, and Schierbaum,
the driver, saw the impending disaster
just in time to jump and save himself. A
moment after the bread-wagon was a very
sorry looking pile of splinters.
At the corner of Leavenworth and Cali
fornia streets hose-cart and engine 3
were standing in the sun in front of their
house. The big team came tearing along
on their mad career, and the mettlesome
fire-horses evidently imagined there must
have been a general alarm.
The engine team started up California
street on the run, but the grade was
against them and they were soon cap
tured. The hose-cart team also started
down the street, but their driver. Jerry
Sweeny, marie a wild clutch for the reins
and succeeded in getting control of the
steeds. It was not without a battle, and
in the struggle Jerry was bereft of his
nether garments. He staid on deck like
a hero, however, until the team was
quieted.
In the meantime the four blooded Nor
mans with their great load of hay had
turned into Leavenwortli street in the
direction oi Pine. At the junction of the
two thoroughfares the loremost horse
stumbled and fell, the other three being
also thrown prostrate. When the wreck
was finally cleared away it was found that
one of the horses had broken hi 3 back.
Officer Jackson soon placed the poor
animal out of his mi=ery, thus rjutting the
finishing touches on the most stirring
event Nob Hill has seen in many a day.
THE PICNIC PRIZES.
»v inning Numbers at the Annual Outing
of tho Ketail Grocers.
The list of prizes won at the recent ont
ing of the Retail Grocers' Association was
made out yesterday.
The winning numbers for the 178 pre
miums were given as follows:
Prize 1, No. 2421; 2. 1366; 3,116; 4.1469;
5,2902; 6,811; 7,137: 8, 2904: 9, 275; 10,
1947; 11, 1707; 12, 1064; 13. 1495; 14, 1005;
15, 1492; 16, 1046; 17, 2313; 18, 2666; 19,
1888; 20,3021; 21,2413; 22,2606; 23,2037;
24,2446:25,1775; 26, 1912: 27.2449; 28,
916; 29. 707; 30, 1960; 31, 94; 32, 1321; 33,
2525 ; 34, 511; 35, 2065 ; 36, 409 ; 37, 2206 : 38,
2754; 39, 378; 40, 2568; 41,2272:42,653;
43. 1848; 44, 1545; 45, 596; 46, 1975; 47,
2528; 48, 1450; 49, 1385: 50, 2465; 51, 1985;
&2, 334 ; 53, 660 ; 54, 2495 ; 55, 1761; 56, 717 ;
57, 473; 58, 1368: 59, 1724; 60,337; 61, 1125 ;
62, 2182; 63, 2228; 64, 1196; 65,2051; 66,
1477; 67, 1423; 68.975; 69.2618; 70. 1261;
71, 787; 72. 2747; 73. 1936: 74, 415; 75, 1754;
76,2715; 77,1295; 78, 1349; 79, 2463; 80,
1041; 81, 1960; 82, 160; 83, 637; 84, 149;
85, 2762; 86, 61; 87, 191; 88, 2741; 89, 2009;
90, 445; 91, 65; 92, 1685; 93,1716; 94,1918;
95. 1325; 96, 2217; 97,208; 93, 207:99, 1532;
100, 1485; 101, 630; 102, 258; 103, 2428; 104,
488; 105, 1124; 106, 3062; 107,2079; 108,
2617; 109.1507; 110.1711: 111,2813; 112,
1575; 113, 1428; 114. 3057; 115,1767; 116,
1626; 117, 508; 118, 1646; 119, 1100;
120, 2583; 121, 1420; 122, 467;
123. 1622; 124, 1756; 125, 2219;
126. 726; 127. 2281; 123, 1852; 129. 1331;
130. 1506; 131, 1601; 132, 1840; 133, 1179;
134.1961; 135, 1946; 136. 1413; 137, 2433;
138.2746; 139,2649; 140,70; 141,1760; 142.
2740; 143. 1828; 144, 1510; 145, 3019; 146.
3047; 147, 80; 148. 2513; 149, 1315; 150,
2551; 151, 1892; 152, 1194; 153, 2999; 154,
1959; 155, 1786; 156, 756; 157. 1902; 158,
2097; 159, 2409; 160, 1759; 161, 89; 162.
1498; 163, 3048; 164, 1913; 165, 1276; 166,
2586; 167, 695; 168, 1254; 169, 8021; 170,
2407; 171, 148; 172, 2655; 173, 1128; 174,
3003; 175, 1766; 176, 377; 177, 360; 178,
2288. •
» — ,
The .Eastern Question.
Alonzo T. Jones, editor of the American
Sentinel of New York, who has just returned
from the scene of the recent Armenian difficul
ties, will deliver a free lectureon "The Easu-rn
Question," this (Friday) evening nt the S. D. A.
church, 914 Laguna street, near McAllister.
A New Mining Company.
Tne Sierra Azu! Mining Company was yester*
day Incorporated by William J. Sutherland,
Edward S. Soring, W. G Holmes, W. 0. <;reen«
and Bolton Rogers. The capital stock is
$500,000, all of which has been paid In.
NEW TO-I> AT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & CO.'S THEATERS.
tth£ ■ TO-NIGHT I
BaldwiN a
1-VTATrNKK SAT.
Instantaneous and Unequivocal success!
The Distinguished comedian,
3XT-A.T O. GOODWIN
And His superb Company
' In an Klaborate Production of
"I3XT IVtISZSZi«3XJH.-A.!"
By Augustus Thomas, Esq., Author of "Alabama."
Next WEEK-2d and Last of NAT C. GOODWIN.
Emlre Week— Superb Production of the Comedy
■ • •-.-■: Success,
".A. C3tlXjX>33X> POOL"
By Henry Guy Carleton.
SKATS NOW SELLING.
AT THE NEXT
CALIFORNIA MONDAY NIGHT,
Star Cast DRAMATIC STOCK CO.,
Under the direction of L. R. .Stockwell,
Presenting the Latest Lyceum Theater .Success,
"THE HOME SKCKETAKY."
Seats Now Selling.
Prices-*-15c. 35c. 35c, r»Oc, 75c.
rRItDIAnOtfUOTTLOD «t G>- uiiMAnDruriAOLßi---
COME I OUR
SKE I S i.E.
vi "STANDING ROOM ALWAYS."
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY,
The Only Perfect Dramatic Organization la
America, In
BROTHER JOHN
Monday next— "THE CHARITY BALL," the
Lyceum Theater's best play.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mbs. LK.NKaiist: Kiiklino, Proprietor & .Manage
EVERY EVENING.
Of Bellinger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
lorraSte
'> ."A STOKY OP COURT AND CAMP."
An Operatic Triumph Equal to "Sanon"
or "Mikado."
STIKKING FINALKS!
Beautiful Numbers! Superb Ensembles!
GREAT CAST!—
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR -
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON!"
Popular Prices— and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTKK M.OKOac'o. Sole Lessee ana tfanaja: ?
THIS BTinira AT KTGHT,
INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS CITY — -
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Success,
BROTHER AGAISST BROTHER!
An Interesting Story of To-day,
Full of Action,' Humor and Pathos.
•EYF.NTNO PlUC**— 3so aril Ma.
Family Circle and Gallerr. 10a
C»u»l Blatinees Saturday ana Sanrttr.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and PoweU.
Week Commencing Monday, June Sth,
A GItEAT 8.1.L OF NOVELTIES!
Edison's Latest "Wonder, The
VITASOOFEI
""Marvel of the 19th Century.
HAVES and POST, . IMA HERZOG,
TH MARIMBA' PLAYERS.
24 ALL STAR ARTISTS 34
Reserved Seats, '25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chain
and Box Seats. 50c.
fRIEDIANDEB-OOTTLOBaC -. LESSEES a/WWt» . ,
FRIDAY NIGHT .TUNE 13TH,'
Testimonial Tendered to
MISS MARGARET CRAVEN.——
Grand Production of
••FROU-FROU."
Seats now on sale at Sherman, Clay A Co.'*.
GROVER'S ALCAZAR.
OPENING OF THE AMY LEE SEASON.
SATURDAY, June 13, MATINEE and NIGHT.
AMY LEE — FRANK DOANE
AND THE NEW COMPANY
In the Great Comedy Urania Success,
. "THE LITTLE DETECTIVE!" 1
Prices. lOc, 15c, 25c, 35c, and sOc
BATHERS KTCD'iESDAY.'SATUIIDAI AmOSD..Y!
PRICES— IOc, 15c and 25c
jgrj- Sale of Seats Commences To-day.
THE CHUTES! .
OPEN ONLY SATURDAY AM' SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND KVKMNiiS until
completion of improvements.
Saturday, Free Kite* for the Children.
. Sunday Afternoon, Balloon Ascension.
Sunday Night, Searchlight Ascension
and Parachute Drop by
GEORGE WESTON.
SUTRO_BATHS.
Grand Aquatic and Athletic Exhibition!
CANOE RACE!
Tub and Float Racing. Australian TOM THUMB,
the Famous Water Clown, Saturday and Mob-
day Afternoon and Evening, June IS and 11.
Grand .Electric Display Every Evening.
GENEKAL ADMISSION—
. Adults. 100 Children, 60.
78
CHARITY GETS A
SLICE AFTER ALL
Amusing Story of the
Corbett-Sharkey Fight
Permit.
COLONEL TAYLOR'S PLAY
A Neat Sum Donated to the
Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter.
DIRECTORS WERE ALARMED.
The Acting Mayor Held the Whip
Hand and the Club Came to
the Scratch.
Charity will get the neat sum of $250 out
of the proceeds of the Corbett-Sharkey
mill after all, though the general under
standing was at the time the permit was
asked that the City was to be paid a license
fee ot $100 and charity was to be left out
in the cold.
The story of that $250 donation forms
quite an interesting little chapter in the
general history of the already famous con
test and shows that the old saying that
"he who laughs last, laughs best" quite
often comes true, even used in connection
with a battle of the roped arena.
There was consternation in the National
Club on Monday afternoon last when the
board refused to sanction Supervisor Di
mond's resolution to allow the Mayor to
grant a permit for the contest.
Things looked very blue for the club, but
Manager J. J. Groom did not despair, and
hustled around among the members until
he finally succeeded in getting ten Super
visors to sign a petition to the Mayor to
grant a permit for the contest, notwith
standing the fact that the meeting that
had just adjourned had adopted an ordin
ance taking the power of grantinc permits
out of the hands of the Mayor and placing
it with the board.
When the petition was sent down to
Acting Mayor Taylor that official was in a
fine race and proceeded to give a number
of hia fellow-Supervisors a piece of his
mind.
"You have just taken the power of
grantine permits away from the Mayor
and now you want me to grant one so
that this tight may not be delayed. I
think I shall refuse."
Just then the Acting Mayor bethought
himself that without his permit the con
test might come to a fiz-zle and perhaps
the club might be generous to some de
serving charity in order to facilitate the
granting of the permit.
"Well, we shall see," said Mr. Taylor,
and the club directors had to be satisfied
with that,
In spite of the fact that the announce
ment given out on Monday night last that
the permit had been issued such was not
the case.
Mayor Taylor was coy and said some
thing about charitable donations every
time he was spoken to about a permit,
and the next day President J. Ross Jack
son sent a polite note to the Mayor's offire
to the effect that the club would be pleased
to donate ?250 to the Little Sisters' Infant
Shelter out of the proceeds of the enter
tainment.
That sett'ed the matter, and though Mr.
Taylor was not in any hurry to sign he
intimated to the directors that he would
consider the matter favorably. Thus it
was that the permit for the great contest
was not given out until yesterday.
AFTER THE MILKMEN.
Warrants for Violations of the Ordi-
nance Sworn Out by Milk Inspec
tor Dockery.
Milk Inspector Dockery has been on a
quiet hunt for several days past for viola
tors of the milk ordinance, and as a result
a number of warrants for offenders are out
and will be served immediately.
A. McCovey of the Jersey Dairy Farm
will be arrested for selling impure milk.
His load was dumped.
A. Pontacq of the Bay View Farm Dairy
was driving a wagon without a number
and will be charged with that offense.
John House of the San Bruno Dairy was
carrying adulterated milk and lost his
load. He will be charged.
B. C. Bronson, who couducts a restau
rant at 161 Ninth street, will be charged
with selling milk without a permit.
John Clausen, a restaurant-keeper at 145
Fifth street, will be arrested for selling
adulterated milk. The same charge will
be placed against E. Stewart, a restaurant-
Keeper at 24 Mason street.
P. Perinni of the Bay City Ranch had
no number on his wagon.
A. J. Brehan of 145 Tenth street had no
permit, and will be arrested.
Sixty -five wagons were stopped and the
milk found to be cure.
BAPTIST SUNDAY SCHOOLS
Opening Session This Evening
of a Three Days' In
stitute.
An Interesting Programme of Ad
dresses, Discussions and Music
to Be Rendered.
The first session of the Sunday-school
Institute will be held this evening at 8
o'clock in the auditorium of the First Bap
tist Church.
The Sunday-school Institute is for the
purpose of arousing interest in Sunday
school work among the members of the
Baptist denomination. Sessions will be
held Friday evening, Saturday afternoon
and Sunday morning, afternoon and even
ing.
I). P. Ward, the Baptist Sunday-school
missionary for the State of California, will
have charge of the institute, and every ef
fort wiJl be made to make the meetings
helpful to Sunday-school teachers.
The first session will open this evening
with a praise service led by R. F. Evans,
and the principal addresses will be deliv
ered by D. P. Ward, Rev. George E. Dun
can and £. P. Yining. Scripture reading
will be by Miss I. M. Clayton and solos
will be sung by Rev. J. George Gibson and
Miss California Haggard.
The programme for Saturday afternoon
uill be as follows: Praise service, led by
Rev. J. George Gibson; address, "Tbe
Superintendent," by William Chamber
lain; address, "The Teacher," by D. P.
Ward: talk on "Primary Work," by Miss
Kate L. Batchelder; address, "The Sun
day-school Teacher as an Evangelist," by
C. W. Wright; "Question Drawer," by
Rev. A. M. Russell.
Sunday morning at 11 o'clock a sermon
to children will be delivered by D. P.
Ward, and all the Baptist Sunday-school
pupils will be in attendance.
In the afternoon a grand rally of all tde
Junior Christian Endeavor societies will
be held and addresses will be delivered by
Robert Lynch, Phil D. Carman and D. P.
Ward.
The institute will close Sunday evening,
when a sermon will be delivered to young
people by Rev. M. P. Boynton, pastor of
the First Baptist Church.
COGSWELL WILL REOPEN.
Future of tho Mechanical Drawing-
School Assured.
Cogswell College will reopen July 27. It
closes to-day for the summer vacation.
For a long time the future of the institu
tion has been uncertain because of legal
difficulties hampering its finances. Now,
however, everything is practically settled
and the whole yearly income of $100,000 is
accessible to the school.
The board of trustees met yesterday at
the Mechanics' Institute and decided that
the school should be opened as stated, but
no action was taken in regard to tne corps
of teachers or the future course of study.
There are ten instructors, and on
June 15 their positions are to be
officially declared vacant. It is likely,
however, according to Director Cul
ver, tbat most it not all of these
teachers will be reappointed when the
trustees meet again next Thursday to
make changes in the curriculum looking
to a more practical course, particularly in
the manual training departments.
There were 225 students in attendance
upon the school during the term to end
to-day.
■ •—• — ♦ — «
FLOURISHED A REVOLVER.
Sirs. Laura Gibbons Arrested on Com
plaint of a Piano Agent.
Mrs. Laura Giboons, who has a candy
factory on Twenty-second and Valencia
streets, was arrested last night and taken
to the Seventeenth-street Station on the
charge of exhibiting a deadly weapon in a
rude and threatening manner.
She had bought a piano on the install
ment plan from John Shepard, a piano
agent, and he went to her place to remove
it, claiming that she had been derelict in
her payments.
She pointed a revolver at him and dared
him to touch the instrument on pain of
F. C. Roberts, Delegate From the San
Francisco Press Club to the Buf
falo Convention.
death. He aid not remove it but swore
out a warrant for her arrest. She was re
leased on her own recognizance.
A out four months ago Mrs. Gibbons
mistook Policeman Brown for a burglar
and fired a shot at him through a partition,
the bullet grazing his head.
SPORT FOR THE CARNIVAL
Some of the Athletic Games Under
Consideration by the
Committee.
Representatives of All Nations to En
gage in Contests Peculiar to
Their Country.
William Greer Harrison was recently
requested by the executive committee of
the' Carnival of the Golden Gate to prepare
a schedule of events for athletic day.
It is proposed by the committee to en
cage grounds and give an athletic contest
between people of different nationalities
in games peculiar to their native land.
Only a limited scope is generally afforded
to games of this kind, but Mr. Harrison is
going to make them a special feature.
His idea is to utilize local talent as far as
possible, but to leave ihe games open to
athletes of all nations, so that if any feel
disposed to come here and compete they
can be pitted against the best of our local
talent.
One feature suggested is to have the
members of the Olympic and other clubs
participate in Greek and Roman events
identical with those given in ancient
Rome and Greece, followed by modern
events.
The United States cavalry, highly
trained in wrestling and jumping, could
be utilized in costume in ancient athletics,
including boxing on horseback, after the
manner of the Russians of 300 years ago.
Spanish-American cavalry athletics
might also form an interesting portion of
th 3 day, while tilting, jumping, dismount
ing, etc., are always pleasing features.
Japanese and Chinese wrestling, while
not new to San Francisco, would, in the
presence of the many visitors that are ex
pected, be a notable feature.
Cornish, Westmoreland and Lancashire
wrestling and boxing would recall the
days of the country fairs in England,
while Gaelic football and hurling could be
participated in by the Irish athletes. No
Scotch event is complete without the
piper. Mr. Harrison suggests curling,
tossing the caber, broadsword fencing and
sword dancing.
The natior.al sport of France is un
doubtedly fencing, of which there are
many able exponents in the City, whose
skill in carte and tierce, parry and turust
would bewilder the eyes of the spectators.
With the German turn vereiris to draw
from, there is no end of events peculiar to
that nation, for each of which dozens of
competitors could be found.
Football, baseball and kindred sports
are also suggested, while tilting and a
mounted sword contest by representatives
of all nations in their national costumes,
followed by mounted hurdle-jumping and
ending with a procession of all tne con
testants, would bring such a day to a fit
ting close.
Colonel George L. Stone, who went to
St. Louis yesterday, is one of the most en
thusiastic workers on the executive com
mittee. He has promised, if lie cannot do
anything else for the carnival during his
absence, to extend an invitation for tbe
delegates to come to San Francisco next
October. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
TO THE LEAGUE
OF PRESS CLUBS
Delegates From the San
Francisco Club Start
East.
BIG TIME ANTICIPATED.
Newspaper Men From the World
Over to Gather at
Buffalo.
FIVE DAYS' DELIBERATIONS.
Something About the San Francisco
Club, the Pride of Local
Journalists.
Cassius M. Coe, its president, and F. C.
Roberts, delegates from the San Francisco
Press Club to the convention of the Inter
national League of Press Clubs to be held
C. M. Coe, President of the San Fran
cisco Press Club and Delegate to
the Buffalo Convention of the In
ternational League of Press Clubs.
In Buffalo, N. V., will leave for that city
to-day.
The convention begins its session on the
morning of the 23d inst. and will be an
altogether notable gathering. The mem
bers of the convention are to be received
and welcomed by Mayor Jewett and their
business is to be supplemented by a round
of gayety that will doubtless be long re
membered in Western New York.
The delegates from the San Francisco
Press Club will have the satisfaction of
representing in this preai gathering one of
the most substantial institutions of its
kind in this country. Newspaper
men as a rule, or as a class,
do not make good clubmen. No class of
men lean to clubs or to their club more
than they do, seeking that fellowship of
their fellows that the club offers. But their
profession makes such demands upon
their time, leaves them so few hours that
they may call their own and that are not
required for sleep, that the club is fain to
fall into desuetude. It is the experience
of the press club everywhere that is
not very carefully conducted and made
especially attractive. This was the history
of the San Francisco Press Club, with in
tprmittent periods, to be sure, up to tbe
present administration. Within a year
the Press Club of San Francisco has
been lifted to the position of a San Fran
cisco institution with a fixity about it that
is very gratifying to every member.
The recent celebration of the midsum
mer jinks was an affair in clubdom. It
has given a cue to the status of the club,
it has set the standard in the matter of
jinks.
It has been the talk of all the clubs since
then— quoted as being just about the best
of "good times." Members of the Bohe
mian Cl'ib who were present say that
nothing in their history of jinks sur
passed it, and nave a doubt as to whether
they ever rose to the level of it. The peo
ple present as guests of the club were of
the first order of intelligence and stand
ing, and the rooms were crowded with
them.
The club has taken a substantial posi
tion financially— a thing indicative of
much else. The membership numbers
now 251. There have been 79 new mem
bers added during the present administra
tion. The $3000 debt that a year ago hung
over the club has almost entirely disap
peared. The fire that within that time
wiped out all of its possessions has now
scarcely a reminder. The new and
more ample quarters oi the club on
Lazar Jovovicb, President of the Servian-Montenegrin Literary and Benevolent
Society, Which Will Hold Its Eleventh Annual Outing Sunday, Juno 14, at
San Rafael.
Kearny street have been luxuriantly
furnished, the walls bung with the best
works of the best local artists, an exten
sive and varied library established, and
what counts for most— accounts for all —
every member is proud of the club. It is
in the pride of their membership that the
two d« legates go East to attend the Inter
national .League.
The programme of the league session be
gins on Tuesday morning, the 23d, and ex
tends through the week, when the dele
gates go by steamer to Cleveland, where
they will be entertained by L. E. Holdin,
proprietor of the Plaindealer.
Mr. Coe and Mr. Roberts will make an
extended tour through the Eastern cities
before their return.
SANTA CRUZ CONCERTS.
Musical Numbers to Be Illustrated by
Roncovieri's Aggregation of
Musicians.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 11.— A. J.
Hinds, chairman of the music committee,
reported to-day that He had received the
programme for Roncovieri's American con
cert band's illustrated concerts to be given
on the river during the nights of the Ve
netian carnival.
It includes ten pictures on Wednesday
night, six on Thursday night, ten on Fri
day afternoon, ten on Friday night and
ten on Saturday night. Arthur Peyton
came before the trustees for the California
Powder Works and donated all of the
powder necessary for the river fetes.
John R. Chase tendered free the use ol
the Sea Beach Hotel parlors, auditorium
i grounds and orchestra for a reception to
Admiral Beardslee, on any evening during
the carnival.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter announced
to the committee that the ships Monad
nock and Philadelphia would arrive on
Monday noon and preparations were made
for Mayor Clark and the City Council,
with representative citizens, to go aboard
and welcome Admiral Beardske.
He corroborated, also, the message from
San Francisco of yesterday that Irving M.
Scott will be tere to deliver the address
on the occasion of the celebration of the
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hilt
The arena and the Queen's throne were
lighted to-night to test the electrical ap
paratus, which was found to be iv splendid
working order, though the nnishing
touches have not been put on the exterior
of the Palace, that work awaiting the test
ing of the lights.
Activity in the Silver Ranks.
J. C. Fitzgerald has been appointed as dele
gate at largo to the Silver party convention to
be neld at St. Louis July 22. Mr. Fitzgerald
will start in the early part of July for that
place, and will take his famiiy along.
A Sudden Death.
J. Eeimers, a laborer employed at the Union
Iron Works, dropped dead last evening at 6
o'clock. Death resulted presumably from
heart disease. Tho body was removed to the
Morgue.
SERVIANS TO CELEBRATE.
With the Montenegrins They
Will Devote a Day to
Pleasure.
A Parade in This City and a Picnic
at San Rafael With Many
Prizes.
Next Sunday the several hundred resi
dents of this City who are representatives
of the little European country of Servia-
Montenegro will assemble at California
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael, renew patri
otic thoughts and customs, and have a
whole day's sport with their friends.
The celebration will begin with a parade
up California street, along Kearny, and
down Market to the Tiburon ferry, the
| members of the society to start for the piu
| nic grounds on the 9:30 boat. In the parade
there are to be a number of stalwart men
in the picturesque Monteneg rin costume
and several little girls and boys dressed as
their mothers and fathers may have been on
a fete day in their native land. But on
the other side of ihe bay the formality of
a parade will be forgotten in a general
happy-go-lucky good time, to conclude at
5 o'clock with the distribution of 130
prizes, varying from cash in trolden eagles
down to an alarm clock. Wines, beer,
cigars, groceries and things make up the
creat body of the prases.
The Servian-Montenegrin Literary and
Benevolent Society was organized sixteen
years aeo and i as at present 226 members
in tins City. The officers are: President,
Lazar Jovovich; vice-president, John
Glavinovich; treasurer, S. T. Gerunovich;
recording secretary, Lazar S. Churich;
financial secretary, George A. Dabovich.
In the society there is a fund of about
$10,000, from which members aie paid $10
a month in sick benefits.
Twice a year the Servians and Monte
negrins celebrate. In January they give a
dance in honor of the great Servian
patriot, Sant Savva and in June their pic
nic in a way marks the anniversary of the
ascension of the dynasty of Petrovich
Njegus, which will be elaborately cele
brated in the mother country this year,
as it occurred just 200 years ago.
The following officers will conduct the
parade and have charge of the picnic
grounds: Marshal, Peter Popovich; floor
manager, Vladimir Jovovich; floor com
mittee—Steve Gerunovich, Vaso Milisich,
George A. Dabovich, Mitar Vucovich; gen
eral arrangements— Lazar S. Churich, D.
Abramovich, Steve Gerunovich, J. Vuco
vich, P. Popovich, Vladimir Jovovich, J.
Glavinovich, L. Vucotich.
HIGH SCHOOL
GIRLS GRADUATE.
Members of the Senior
Class Receive Their
Certificates.
GRACEFUL FEATURES.
They Held a Social Reception
Instead of the Usual Liter
ary Exercises.
THE JOURNAL OF NINETY-SIX.
Gruesome and Girl-Horrifying Poem
Written on "The Skeleton of
a Mouse."
Ninety white - gowned girls received
their diplomas of graduation at their High
School last evening. There were none of
the usual exercises of such occasions, only
a reception given by the young ladies to
their teachers, relatives and friends. It
was an idea of their own, and a creditable
one in the judgment of the large audience
that filled the halls of the building. The
class not only provided themselves for
the entertainment of their guests, but
added another graceful feature to the
evening by securing the Baldwin Theater
orchestra, which, under the leadership of
Director August Hinrichs, played a choice
programme of musical selections during
the reception.
After addresses by School Superinten
dent Babcock and Principal Brooks the new
women were given diplomas and dismissed
from the San Francisco Hiyh School. The
graduating class was as follows:
Class of '96— Augusta Abenheim, Marguerite
Ames, Carrie Ayres, Jennie Beach, Helen Ber
nard, Olive Blackmar, Blanche Curry, Jeanette
Doyle, Alice Duffy, May Dwyer, Amanda Ebert,
Gertrude Featherstone, Katherine Hogan,
Eleanor Kempaton, Emma Koch, Leta Kohl
moos, Hilda Kosminsky, Nellie Lamont, Ma
tilda Richard, Alice Kooney, Lettie Rountree,
Alice Kussell, Florence Sankey.Lizzie Schnitzer,
Evelyn Bliely, Minnie Boucher, Lottie Brand,
Helen Brunner, Eva Busch, Edith Carpenter,
Rose Casassa, Virginia Cassidy, Louise Fifleld,
Jean Eraser, Acnes Gallagher, Alice Gilbert,
Estelle Goodman. Catherine Gorham, Hilda
Green, Lilian Grigsby, Mabel Leary, Elizabeth
Leggett, Mary Mangan, Alice Marsh, Bessie
Martin, Rose McCormick, Janette Mc-
Devitt, Dora Meininser, Hilda Schweitzer,
Stella Shirek, Laura Simon, Chris
tabel Sobey, Florence Sollman, Editn
Stadtfeld, Bessie Staehli, Pearl Stroud,
Adrienne Cerf, Alice Chalraers, Katherine
Chambers, Ina Coffin, Amy Cookson, Annie
Coulter, Grace Critcher, Luc:a Crosette, Maude
Haas, Editti Harris, Georgia Hawkins, Belle
Hemmenway, Marguerite Hewett, Anna Hilde
brandt, Maude Hodson, Myrtle Hodson, May
Mooney, LillleKathan, Eugenic Neppert, Jan
ette Newman, May Nolan, Edith Olmstead,
Chariotte Parks, Rose Regan, Lillian Suich,
Lizzie Sullivan, Annie Tietjen, Gertrude To bin,
Elizabeth Vincent, Mamie Voorsanger, Emily
Wiegand, Mabel Williams, Elizabeth Zihn.
Another and a no less interesting feature
of the reception was the issue of the
Students' Journal of '96, by Alice Chal
mers, editor, and a staff of fair assistants.
Many of the articles contributed by the
girls were bright and humorous. The fol
lowing bit of rhyme_ by "A. A. *9<5" is a
lair and funny specimen:
ZIP, ZOP, ZAP.
Zip Is the junior of the three:
Quite a wee, tiny, soft chick is she,
Mighty content of the kind, big shell,
Dreamily learuiuic the art to spell.
Zop is a middle, and well advanced,
Looking inquiringly how things chanced,
Tossing her head in the outside air,
Thinking, "Just wale till myself gets there!**
Merrily past the demolished shell
Stands senior Zap, chirping "All's well!"
Glancing around, with contemptuous air,
"Now for tne world. You chiefs stay there!"
Under the head of "Suggestions for a
Girls' High-School Entertainment," some
witty young woman writes:
Song, "Heaven in Three Parts." school;
essay, "The Art of Undertaking," Miss Ina
Coffin; solo, "Daddy Wouldn't Buy Me a Bow-
Wow," Miss B. Kaiser; essay, "A Treatise on
Baked Beans," Miss Boston; vocal duet,
'•By the Sad Sea Waves," the Miises Beach
and Cerf; recitation, "Jennie Kissed Me,"
Miss Lipp; essay, "Public Improvements,"
Miss Parks; instrumental, "March Fune
bre" (Chopin), the Misses Green-Apple;
recitation, "Ode to a Frosr," Miss Marsh;
solo, "Woodman, Spare That Tree," Miss
Hewitt; reading, "The Pleasuresof the Chase,"
Miss Alice Hunt; essay, "The Proper Manage
ment of Servants," Miss Butler; selection,
"The Foresters," Misses Busch and Rountree;
recitation, "The Builders," Miss Carpenter;
solo, "The Flowers That Bloom in the Spring,"
Miss May; essay, "Precious Stones,"* Miss
Dimond; recitation, "Only a Dime," Miss
Nichols; poem, "Baa, Baa, Black Sheep," Miss
Wool; Benediction, MissSankey.
Miss "A. C. "96," doubtless a devotee of
Lontrfellow, laid aside her favorite volume
to change "The Skeleton in Armor" to the
''Skeleton of a Mouse," and the High
School poetess followed the original lines
quite faithfully. The verse beginning "I
was a young mouse gray" is written so
dangerously vivid that every classmate
screamed when sbe first read it.
WILL GIVE GRAND OPERA
The Tivoli Has Engaged a Num
ber of Well-Known Lyric
Stars.
"Hansel and Gretel " Will at Last
Bj Given— Gustav Hinrichs to
Conduct.
For some time past the Tivoli manage
ment has been contemplating a season of
grand opera, and from the announcement
m the artists with whom contracts navg
just been concluded it is evident that
lovers of music have a treat ia store when
the season opens on July 6.
It is not only in artists but in operas that
the management promises to display en
terprise. For instance Humperdinck'a
opera of "Hansel and Gretel," which has
made such a furor wherever it has been
heard, will be produced for the first time
in this City, and Gounod's "Romeo and
Juliet," which is fast outrivaling the pop
ularity of "Faust," but which is still a
stranger to San Francisco, will be pro
duced, probably for the opening opera of
the season.
Gustav Hinricbs, who has jnst concluded
a season of grand opera in Philadelphia,
has been engaged as conductor. He is
well known here, though most of hia mus
ical enterprises have been connected witn
the Quaker City. Among the artists en
gaged are four who have been singing for
Abbey, Schoeffel & Grau at the Metro
politan Opera-house. The basso, Viviani,
alternated with Edouard deßeszke durine
part of the season.
Madame Natale will be the prima donna
assoluta of the company. She is said to
have a remarkable voice and to be an ex
cellent actress. Anna Russell will be the
contralto. Hitherto she has distinguished
herself principally in light opera and
opera comique, but she will now play such
[ roles as the page iv the "Huguenots.," Ike
other prima donnas with wnorn contracts
have been signed are Nina Bertini Humph
ries and Marie Millard. Miss Myrta
French, who was here with Sousa's band,
will probably also be of the company.
Fernand Michelena, who is well-kno* n
in this country, as well as in Europe, w ill
be the tenor. Who will alternate with Lim
is not yet decided; probably it will be
Richeliug, who has been engaged with
Lillian Russell. The barytone will be
Maurice de Vries, late of the Abbey,
Schoeffel & Grau company. Abramhoff,
who was one of the best artists in the
Tavary company during its last visit to
tbe Baldwin, will be one of the bassos, and
Richard Karl will also be in the troupe.
It goes without saying that the ctiorus
and orchestra will bz augmented. When the
fairy opera of "Hansel and Gretel" is pro
duced there will be a chorus of thirty
children and the scenic effects of the little
music drama will be made one of the fea
tures of this production.
The other operas will include "II Ballo
in Maschera,' r which has not been given
here for years; "Lakme," which has only
been produced here once, and a number
of old favorites, such as "Mignon,"
"Ernani," "Faust," "II Trovatore,"
"Lucia di Lsmmermoor," "Cavalleria
Rusticana," "I Pagliacci," etc.
The most remarkable feature of the
coming season is that it will be given
without any advance in the regular Tivoli
prices.
CRUSHED BY A MILK WAGON.
Serious Accident to Carroll DavU, a
Six-Year-Old Boy.
An accident that may probably prove
fatal happened yesterday afternoon to Car
roll Davis, a boy of 6 years of age, who lives
with his parents at 1536 Devisadero street.
Tne hoy had run across the street
MRS. WERNER STAUF (NEE SIEBE),
on the corner of Sutter and Devisa
dero in front of a car, while a milk wagon
driven by Edward J. Matthews was turn
ing the corner. Edwards had no time to
pull up and the boy was knocked down by
the wagon, the wheels passing over his
chest.
He was picked up by Policeman Tuchler
and carried to his borne. Two doctors
were summoned and they found the boy
seriously injured internally.
Matthews was arrested by Tuchler and
taken to the City Prison, where he was
charged with using enforced means to do
grievous bodily injury. He was released
en his own recognizance by Judge Low.
YOUNG MEN'S LEAGUE.
Young Republicans and Ladies Met
Together in the City Hall.
The Young Men's Republican League
met last evening in Justice Kerrigan's
courtroom in the City Hail. President
Frank K. Spencer was in the chair and C.
R. Casey was in his official position as sec
retary.
After the transaction of routine busi
ness and a meeting of the executive com
mittee behind closed doors a delegation of
nineteen ladies representing the Women's
State Central Republican Club was re
ceived. They had been invited to attend
at the close of their own meeting at the
California Hotel.
The president, Mrs. Ballon; the vice
presideut, Mrs. Gregory, and tne secretary,
Mrs. Jones, occupied seats on the plat
form, and on invitation all made short
speeches. Mrs. Ballou was presented with
two handsome bouquets, and she made a
speech that was strongly Republican.
She was pronounced in iier sentiment for
woman's suffrage, as were all the lady Re
publican speakers. Mrs. Ludington also
made a short speech.
J. J. Stevens made a campaign speech
which was applauded.
The drill corps of the league aid not
elect officers last evening, but it will be
completely organized for the coming cam
paign in a few weeks.
Argonaut Political Club.
The Argonaut Social and Political Club, a
non-partisan organization of yonng men, held
a social meeting Wednesday evening in Golden
Gate Hall, corner of Point Lobos and Masonic
avenues. Remarks were made by Chairman
James J. Harrison, Joseph P. Kelly, Recorder
Thomas J. Glynn, J. B. Mclntyre and Thomts
J. Brady.
Vocal and instrumental music was furnished
by William Hallet, John F. Cooney, Thomas
Ryan and F. Hansen. And then there were
things to eat and drink.
The membership of the club is composed of
the young voters of the Fortieth and Forty
first Assembly Districts and comprises both
Republicans and Democrats.
The object of the club is the success of such
candidates for municipal and legislative offices
as its members snail consider most advan
tageous to the welfare of the two districts and
the City generally. A. Brtckwedel is president
aad L. Gray secretary.
Police Commissioners-
The Police Commissioners held a jneeting
last night to dispose of charges against three
patrolmen. Jerry M. Dwyer was chargedSrith
neglect of duty, and the case was dismissed.
A be Hyman and John R. Lewis were charged
with violating the rules of the department In
not sending a lost dog which they lonnd to the
property clerk, and the case was dismissed.
Hyman was also charged with loitering on his
Deat, and was fined $ 10.
Boys' Minstrels To-Night.
The Pacific High School will give a minstrel
performance to-night at Calistoga Hall for the
benefit of the "Little Jim" ward of the Chil-
• — ♦• — «
The Sultan of Turkey is constantly at
tended by a eunuch, who will be beheaded
v tne Sultan should die ol poison,
STAUF-SIEBE WEDDING.
The Assessor's Beautiful Daugh
ter and Werner Stauf
United.
Brilliant Ceremonies in the Home of
the Bride's Father— Dr. Fuen
dclirg Officiates.
Assessor John D. Siebe's home was the
scene of a brilliant gathering last evening
assembled to witness tbe nuptials of his
daughter, Mis 3 Frieda Siebe, and Werner
Stauf.
Miss Siebe for the past two seasons ha-i
been the acknowledged belle in the best
circle of German-American society. Charm
ing, graceful, taciful and talented, she well
deserved the distinction conferred upon
her.
Mr. Stauf, the happy groom, is the direct
offspring of an old and noted family. Hia
father was a warm, personal friend of the
third Napoleon, and his mother a lady in
waiting in the court of Empress Eugenic.
The Siebe residence, which is one of the
best adapted in the City for entertaining
purposes, was elaborately adorned for the
occasion. Sweet peas were used exclu
sively for decorating, and the arrangement
was artistic in tDe extreme. In the draw,
ing-room, where the ceremony was per-
formed, pink and white sweet peas wera
used exclusively.
The bay-window was converted Into a
floral bower so dainty and artistic that it
seemed the work of fairy hands. In the
corridor the prevailing tone was white, in
tne dining-hall red, and in the library
lavender. The aim of the decorator was
apparently light and airy effects, and the
results were admirable. At 8:30 o'clock
the young couple entered the drawing
room, and, standing in the floral bower,
were, according to the rites of the Lutheran
church, made man and wife by Dr. Fuen
deling.
The bride was attended by her sinter,
Miss Chrissie Siebe, and Mr. William Berg
was best man.
The bridal gown was one of much ele
gance and beauty, and set off to best ad
vantage the figure of the lovely bride. It
was of white satin, the jupe made per
fectly plain, and the corsage ornamented
with tulle and old lace. A bridal veil was
fastened to the coiffure by a wreath ol
orange blossoms, and the "bridal bouquet
was of white sweet peas.
Miss Chrissie Siebe, the maid of honor,
was attired in a modish gown of white
organdie over white silk and carried a
bouquet of pink sweet peas.
After the ceremony congratulations were
in order, after which the newly wtdded
couple led the way to the dining- hall,
where an elaborate banquet was serve 1.
Covers were laid for 100. After supper
until a late hour dancing was enjoyed.
Mr. and Mrs. Stauf received very many
elegant and costly presents that comprised
a complete service of silver, many elegant
pieces of cut glass and quantities of beauti
ful bric-a-brac. This morning the young
couple will leave for a few days' wedding
tour, their destination being "a profound
secret. On their return they will go to
housekeeping at the new home, 2323 Sac
ramento street.
• — ♦■ — «
If the number of persons daily enter
ing the City of London were dispatched
from any given station by train, as many
as 1977 trains, each conveying 600 persons,
would be required for the purpose. If the
trains were all joined together in a con
tinuous hne they wouid extend 221 miles.
NEW TO-PAT.
!?-■ ,.,, 9
If we haven't an Adams
& Westlake metal bed that
suits you we'll sell yov
another— but not as Adam*
& Westlake's.
117 Geary Street
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
RHEUMATISM.ALL ABOARD FOR
THE CONVENTION.
Departure of the California
Special for St.
Louis.
THE STARTING SCENES.
Many Republicans Join in Speed
ing the Travelers
East.
DECORATIONS AND BADGES.
The Train, if Run on Schedule Time,
Sbould Reach Ogden at 4
P. M. To-Day.
California delegates (o the Republican
National Convention at St. Louis went
away in fine style yesterday at 10 A. M.
There were no speeches, music or artillery
THE GREAT THRONG IN THE OAKLAND STATION JUST BEFORE THE TRAIN STARTED FOR ST. LOUIS.
Balvos to announce their departure, but I
many of their friends of both sexes kept I
them company across the bay on the ferry
Bteomer Oakland, and shook hands, waved
handkerchiefs and shouted greetings of j
good cheer as the train moved away.
Before the train started Dan T. Cole,
Harbor Commissioner and delegate to the
convention from tbe First District, dis
tributed tbe golden badges. The bar of
the badge bears the letters "California" on
a dark-red background. A shield pendant
contains the inscription, "National Re
publican Convention 1896." Surmounting
the bar is the golden bear, typical of Cali
fornia. The badges are bound to be highly
prized as souvenirs of the National Con
vention, and it is easy to conjecture that j
the ladies of Su Louis will besiege Mr. j
Cole with attention if the fact became
known there that he has a small number
of the souvenirs in reserve.
Tbe special train, consisting of three of
the best appointed modern Pullmans, one
dining-car, the "Epicure," and a com
posite car, "El Siglo," was made up night
before last at the West Oakland yards and
Bent down to the mole early yesterday
rooming. On the rail the superb train is
a beauty. The interior decorations consist
of flowers, banners and streamers. The
exterior of tbe Pullman "El Oro" bore a
large streamer running the full length of
the car below the windows and displaying
the motto, "Protection to American In
dustries" and the shield of California. The
name "El Oro"arresled attention at once,
inasmuch aj a delegation pledged to Bilver
was to ride in a coach christened for gold.
On another Pullman of the special was
displayed a banner inscribed, -"California
Delegation to Republican Convention, St.
Louis." A stand of flags on either side of
McKinley'i picture was painted co this
banner. - ,
The special is scheduled to arrive at
Ogden at 4 o'clock to-day, so there must be
some swift running across ihe desert.
"I'm doing 'em proud, Hig," was the
exclamation of W. D. Sanborn to M. R.
Higgins, as the finishing touches of prepa
ration were made. Everything was in
order for the reception of passengers when
the delegates and other passengers stepped
aboard.
The delegates leaving yesterday were
John D. Spreckels, George A. Knight,
William Ciuff, Hervey Lindley, Jacob
Neff, Frank H. Short, Frank Flint (alter
nate of T. J. Field). A. Bockheimer. A. B.
Levinson, Henry H. Sinclair, H. I. Kowal
sky, O. A. Hale and Dan T. Cole. On ac
count of sickness in his family W. W.
Montague did not go.
Among the alternates and others who
are making the journey to St. Louis on
the special train are C. K. McClatchy, Sac
ramento Bee: H. Z. Osborne, Los Angeles
Express; Ed H. Hamilton, San Francisco
Examiner; Frank D.Ryan, Sacramento;
State Senator E. C. Voorheis of Amador,
Thomas Flint Jr. of San Benito, William
Forsyth of Fresno, Judge Garoutte of the
State Supreme Court, George Stone, presi
dent Union League Club, and W. D. San
born of the Burlington route. At Sacra
mento another Pullman coach with a
party from Southern California was at
tached to the special.
Banquet festivities the previous night
at the Union League Club did not prevent
the assembly of a large number of Repub
licans to speed the delegates on tbe jour
ney to the Father ot Waters. Among
those who performed this kind of escort
duty were: Major Frank McLaughlin,
Judge Carpenter, Charles M. Shortridge,
W. B. Hamilton, Stephen Gase, M. It.
Higgins, Jacob Steppacher, Paris Kil
burn, John T. Dare, John F. Sheehan,
Will E. Fisher, S. K. Thornton, Cornelius
O'Connor, A. J. Martin, B. D. Peixotto, C.
M. Belshaw, Warden Hale, Coiouel Me-
Murtry, Tirey L. Ford. C. W. Kyle, L. E.
Phillips, Pbil Crimmins, William Har
rington, Sigmund Bettmau, Judge Noble
Hamilton, Andrew Louderback, Thomas
Nosier, W. W. Montague, Jud C. Brusie,
Dr. Dennis, Samuel Gardiner, and George
P. Richardson, master of transportation,
Southern Pacific.
The scenes of enthusiasm which sig
nalized the departure^of Republican dele
pates for the East when Blame was a can
didate for Presidential honors were not re-
enacted at the Oakland wharf yesterday.
Many personal friends centered around
John D. Spreckels, George A. Knight and
Dan T. Cole to wish them a safe journey
and speedy return, but these demonstra
tions were in a sense tributes of personal
friendship.
It was so universally acknowledged that
McKinley's nomination is certain that the
St. Louis convention was spoken of as a
great ratification meeting.
Night before last and yesterday the
money question was freely discussed by
the delegates. While a determination was
expressed to present vigorously California's
demand for the free coinage of silver, there
was not a hint or suggestion of bolting
should the platform of the convention de
clare for the gold standard. Extreme
measures threatened by" delegates from
Colorado, Montana, Utah and Idaho will
not influence the Californians, because
they realize that in this State protection
is the paramount question.
GARBAGE FRANCHISE.
Arguments in the Suit of Merle
Against the Supervisors.
Arguments are being heard in Judge
HebbardTcourt in the case of L. V. Merle
vs. the Board of Supervisors. But one
witness, Clerk John Russell of the board,
was heard.
The board's attorneys contend that
Sharon's percentage bid is in reality
higher than Merle's cash bid of $50,000
and will result more advantageously to tbe
City. The arguments will be continued
to-morrow.
I—.1 — . ■»—•» — •
Sanderson's Programme.
Judge Sanderson yesterday announced that
he will take up the Noe will case on Monday.
Until then the Robinson-Southern Pacific stop
over arguments will continue. After the Noe
case his Honor will go upon his vacation. In
the meantime no law and motion cases will be
heard. *3fi&ffiBBIMEttB*BBBHMHBH| •
* — ♦ >
An Insolvent Debtor.
Charles Stappenbach, a florist's clerk, has
filed a petition in insolvency. He owes $554 40
to David Hewes on a Judgment rendered by the
Superior Court, and his assets consist oi $25
worth of clothing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, RFIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
FAIR SAUSALITO
HAS A POOLROOM
Rumor Says That Two More
Will Be Started
Soon.
BETS ON EASTERN RAGES
Nearly Two Hundred San Fran
cisco Sports Put Up Their
Money.
CITY AUTHORITIES INTERFERE
"Billy" Jackman and His Employe
Wers Arrested, but Released
on Bail.
Fair Sausalito had a distinguished blot
painted on her aristocratic escutcheon
yesterday. A poolroom, with sawdust
floor and blackboard wall, nourished sau
cily all day long.
This is the first time since the passing
of the prohibitory ordinance two years ago
that the like has ever been seen in that
little city of terraces and comfortable
homes. At that time — September 3, 1894
— an ordinance was passed by the Town
Trustees prohibiting all persons from en
gaging in selling pools or bookmaking, or
making bets or wagers on horse races,
whenever money or other articles of value
are staked or pledged.
The vote on this ordinance stood as fol
lows: Ayes— Dickinson, Muller, Crump r
ton and Hughes. No — Sperry.
In defiance of this ordinance, which
closed out the poolrooms of that time, a
new establishment has been opened in a
large room of the Sausalito Hotel. The
proprietor is William Jackman, more pop
ularly known as "English Billy." Yester
day afternoon the room was opened, the
entries of Oakley and Gravesend were
chalked up in a business-like manner and
things went along swimmingly until Mar
shal Creed stepped in and arrested Mr.
Jackman, the proprietor, and an employe
by the name of Charles Knipple. They
were arrested on a warrant sworn out by
E. Cramer, who had bought a ticket and
who it is stated won $2 thereby, and were i
charged with a misdemeanor. They im
mediately deposited each $50 bail and
went back to the Sausalito Hotel to give
pools on Eastern races an even greater'
impetus than before.
During the afternoon between 150 and
200 sporting men of this City staked money
there and the business houses along the
main street affirm that they took in more
money yesterday than they have in the
aggregate for several weeks past.
Jackman and Knipple were released to
appear Monday for arraignment. The
warrants were sworn to before Town
Recorder Prior and the complaints were
drawn up by A. Bylva, the town attorney.
Mr. Sylva said yesterday: "I propose to
arrest these men every time they open up
and I am acting under the orders of the
Town Trustees. I will fight against all de
lays in trying the cases and do all that is
in my power toward ridding the town of
this pernicious element. We have a Jus
tice now who, if he gets a conviction, will
not impose light fines by any means.
He will give them the maximum penalty,
which is's3oo for the first offense.
"The talk that has been going around,"
continued the attorney, "that the ordi
nance passed prohibiting this sort of a
thine was not legally done is all rot. This
ordinance is :n force and we will impress
this fact on the proprietors of any pool
rooms that are opaji now or that may be
opened in the future. I have taken a de
termined stand on this proposition and I
shall continue to hold it until Sausalito is
free from the evil."
Town Marshal Creed stated that he was
simply an officer of the peace, that he was
under certain orders, and that he intended
to carry out those orders to bis full ca
pacity. "I sball arrest these men every
day," said he, "and execute the warrants
as they are issued."
It seems to be the general impression
around those places where men congregate
and talk in Sausalito that two-thirds of
the town people approve of the idea of
having poolrooms.
The business men, rumor has it, are in
favor of the proposition to a man. "It
brings money here," they say, "and Sau
salito has not been more wide awake for
years and has not had so much money in
circulation. The men who come here are
moneyed men," the persons wbo talk con
tinue. "They come here simply on a busi
ness proposition. There are a lew persons
up on the hill who are dead against the
rooms, but certainly a business man is a
representative man in any community."
"To-day some of the highest-rolling
sports of San Francisco have bet on the
races," said Mr. Jackman. "We took in
about $1200, but we played a losing game.
The house is about $1000 short. What
pleases me is that the money all went to
the smaller winners. Ten favorites out of
twelve races won, ana the public got the
money. I shall run this thing right along ;
but, of course, I expect a little opposition."
'Another rumor that has passed into a
certainty is going around that Harry Cor-
bett has leased a room in Berrio's new
building to be used as a poolroom, and
that Billy Harrison has rented a room in
the Buffalo building for the same purpose.
This will make three poolrooms of the
most approved wickedness for the abused
little city.
Next Monday night there will be a meet
ing of the Town Trustees. This is an ad
journed meeting. It is expected that steps
will be taken then to put a final quietus
on the poohoom proposition.
THE CHARTER CONVENTION.
Many Clubs Will Help the Merchants'
Association in This Move.
To the circular letter recently issued by
the Merchants' Association to the various
progressive organizations of the City call
ing for a charter convention eight re
sponses have already been received. All
of the organizations are favorable to the
calling of a convention for this purpose
and will appoint two delegates each at
their first regular meetings. The follow
ing organizations have already announced
their choice of delegates as follows: The
Mission Improvement Union has selected
James D. Phelnn and Judge P. W. Van
Reynegom; the Butchers' Board of Trade
has chosen Samuel C. Hammond and Cap
tain J. H. McMenomy; the Cycle Board of
Trado h*as appointed James S. Conwell
and W. R. Wheeler as its delegates;
Joseph Britton of the Board of Freehold
ers has appointed Colonel M. H. Hecht
and William F. Gibson to represent that
body at the charter convention.
A Mistake in Names.
Through a mistake in names C. M. Johnson
was represented in yesterday's Call with hav
ing testified against Mrs. Dr. Connolly while
she was on trial before Judge Uebbard on a
charge of insanity. Such was not the case,
Mr. Johnson not being called to testify in the
matter, he having informed the J-uOge that he
knew nothing of the circumstances. Mr. John
son cays that his observation of Mrs. Connolly
during the few times he was in her house was
that she v> as rational and sane, though ap
parently much troubled by domestic or other
difficulties.
WOOD PROVED A
WILY WITNESS.
Lillian's Champion Fails
to Shake His
Testimony. •
TO SHIELD THE COLONEL
The Detective Say 3lt Is Not
Gold He Is Out Here
For.
MADE A PECULIAR MISTAKE.
Thought It Was All Right to Sign
His Clieat's Name to an
Agreement.
James R. Wood, the enterprising sleuth
from the Hub, yesterday survived nearly
eleven hours of energetic and most t>er
sistent cross-examination. Attorney Crit-
tenden fired a continuous volley of un
comfortable questions at the man who
succeeded in representing at one and the
same time three distinct and adverse
clients. And the detective sent back his
answers with a readiness that demon
strated he was no novice on the witness
stand. When occasionally, and such oc
casions were not very numerous, Lillian's
champion found a material flaw in Wood's
testimony the latter admitted that he
must have been mistaken with a convinc
ing grace that would be apt to turn the
edge of an attorney's victory before a
The examination yesterday was 'con
tinued at the point where Wood had told
of his employment by Redding, the Boston
lawyer, to investigate the character of
Miss Ashley. Mr. Crittenden asked Wood
if he did not think it very strange that this
man had employed him on such an im
portant mission with no talk of compensa
tion. Wood replied that it had been
done hundreds of times before by men
whom he knew. He did not know Red
ding, but it aiterward occurred to him
that Redding was acting for Colonel
Pope.
"Judging from what I now recollect,"
he said, "I could not have spent more
tban four or five days investigating Miss
Ash ley 'a character before I received word
from Mr. Redding to discontinue. I did
not see Colonel Pope until after I had had
an interview with Miss Ashley."
Attorney Crittenden riere thought he
saw an opening, and asked Wood if the
statement he made to Miss Ashley that
ho had advised Colonel Pope to buy her
pledge by securing a home for her at Los
Angeles was not true. After some verbal
fencing Wood said he had so advised the
bicycle- maker, but this statement had
been made to Lillian at a subsequent
interview.
"Alter all your experience as a detec
tive, asked the plaintiff's attorney, "did
you go and advise- Colonel Pope to buy a
pledge from Miss Ashley?"
Wood admitted that such was the case.
In answer to other questions he said this
was after he had investigated Miss Ash
, NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.'
— :e*oh. —
THIS DAY'S TRADE I
To-day we select a variety of lines FOR CLEARANCE and
offer them at the following
STARTLING GUTS IN PRICES !
BLACK DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
-At 25 Cents.
30 pieces ALL-WOOL CHEVIOT SERGE, 50 inches wide, regular price 60c, will be
offered at 25c a yard: .
■.- : :/-i'^ : . -At 235 Cents.
30 pieces FIGURED ALPACA, 37 inches wide, regular price 50c, will be offered at 25c
a yard.
SILK DEPARTMENT!
.At 35 Conts.
2000 yards STRIPED AND BROCADED SILKS, in evening shades, regular price $1,
will be offered at 35c a yard.
COLORED DRESS GOODS DEPARTMENT!
-A-t 12' Cexxts.
50 pieces CHECKS, FIGURES AND DIAGONALS, regular price 25c, will be offered
" at 12% c a yard.
.At <&O Cents.
100 pieces 50-INCH ALL-WOOL LADIES' CLOTH, regular price $1, will be offered
at 40c a yard. , • • • yfc^-V
GLOVE DEPARTMENT!
jA.t 75 Cexxts.
200 dozen LADIES' KID GLOVES, four button, all sizes, good value for $1 25, will be
offered at 75c a pair.
CORSET DEPARTMENT !
Ajt 6O Cezxts.
100 dozen LADIES' BLACK AND DRAB CORSETS, regular price $1, will be placed
on sale at 60c a pair. •
HOSIERY DEPARTMENT!
.At 15 Cexxts.
200 dozen MISSES' RIBBED HOSE, regular price 25c, will be offered at 15c a pair.
GENTS' FURNISHING DEPARTMENT!
-At 12!: Cezxts.
200 dozen WINDSOR SCARFS, regular price 25c, will be offered at 12}£c each.
.At SO Cezxts.
100 dozen GRAY MERINO SHIRTS AND DRAWERS, regular price 85c, will b« of-
fered at 50c each.
CLOAK DEPARTMENT!
-At xai^iif Price
5000 IMPORTED CAPES will be offered at $1 15, $1 25, $1 50, $2 00, $2 50, $3 00, $3 50,
$4 00, 5 00, $6 00, $7 50 and $8 50. These goods are offered at half price.
LADIES' WAISTS!
jC\-x 45 Cezxts.
LADIES' LAUNDERED SHIRT WAISTS, in fancy striped and figured percale, re*-
ular price 90c, will be off erea at 45c each.
DRESDEN RIBBONS !
jAjt 2O Cezxts.
No. 30 ALL-SILK TAFFETA SILK RIBBONS, in Dresden patterns, value 35c, will
be offered at 20c a yard.
At 5O Cexxts.
5-INCH ALL-SILK DRESDEN RIBBONS, value 85c, will be offered at 50c a yard.
LACE DEPARTMENT
.At 5 Cezxts a, ~5T«.x-ci.
BUTTER AND LINEN SHADE IRISH POINT LACES, regular price 15c, reduced to
5c a yard. . J.^t '
LADIES' SUITS!
.A-t 53. 00.
200 dozen LADIES' SUITS, consisting of Blazer Jacket and lined Skirt, In black, navy
and tan cheviot, worth $7 50. will be closed out at $3 90 each.
/ff/W^^ MURPHY ST7ZLDH7GK /
(/(/ inbt Street corn 1 of joins, /
&A.TV FRANOZBCO.
ley's career in Boston and in Vermont.
In the latter place he said he had investi
gated her career well nigh to the cradle,
but bad found out very little about her
and nothing derogatory to her virtue.
"That was one reason why I advised
Colonel Pope to buy her a home in Los
Angeles," he said. "Another reason was
that she was threatening to go to Colonel
Pope's wife, who was a very delicate
woman."
The witness then told of his interview
with the plaintiff on June 22, when he first
told her he would Bee Colonel Pope, and
try if some arrangement could be made
whereby she could have a place to live.
At this point the Deputy Sheriff handed
Mr. Crittenden a telegram, which he
opened and proceeded to read to the wit
ness. It was from Dr. A. S. Whitmore of
Boston, and contained a direct denial of
certain statements in regard to Miss Ash
ley which Wood had testified, on direct ex
amination, the doctor had made to him.
Objection was made to the introduction of
the telegram, and in answering the objec
tion Crittenden took occasion to score the
Boston detective rather \m mercifully.
Judge Slack held that the telegram was
incompetent, and the attorney stated he
would ask for a commission to take the
physician's deposition in regard to the
matter.
Wood then told of the various interviews
which were held in his office. The circum
stances of each of these were probed into
with exacting minuteness until finally the
inquiry became so verbose that his honor
found it necessary to remind the inquisitor
that many of his questions had been asked
half a dozen times.
Miss Ashley, the witness declared, had
not faithfully kept her agreement with
Pope. Not only bad she entreated Wood
to make an appeal for funds to help her
in her action against Baldwin ? but she had
also threatened to disgrace him if he did
not join hands with her in this matter.
The detective said he was not now in Pope's
employ, but felt very friendly with him
and had an inclination not to injure him.
He said that it wa3 a desire to shield the
Colonel's good name and protect his fam
ily more than the money there was in it
that prompted him to come here.
Crittenden then asked in regard to the
draughting of the agreement whereby
Miss Ashley was to secure a home near
Los Angeles worth not more tnan $2000 i
in consideration of her ceasing to perse
cute Pope. Wood said the paper was
drawn by him in Miss Ashley's presence.
He had no legal advice in regard to it and
he signed it,' not for Pope, but with his
own name. He averred, however, he in
tended the agreement to be with Pope.
"Didn't you know," asked Mr. Critten
den, "that this paper could not be en
forced by suit of law?"
"It never occurred to me," answered the
witness. "Now you speak of it I think
the point may be well taken."
Crittenden devoted some time to ques
tioning along this line, but was unable to
secure an admission from the witness that
he knew the paper was valueless. Wood
admitted that he advised Pope not to pay
the money, but he insisted he did not tell
the Colonel it was invalid.
Long before the plaintiff's attorney
showed any signs of weariness the hands
of the clock had crept past the hour of ad
journment. Judge Slack looked up
wearily at the dial and remarked that the
examination of the witness must be con
cluded that evening, and suggested that
no more questions be reiterated as Wood
had already had over ten hours' cross-ex
amination and an hour's direct testimony.
Crittenden hurried up a little, and at 5
o'clock passed the witness.
Attorneys Lloyd and Highton, who had
only been heard'in one or two objections
during the afternoon, took about fifteen
minutes in redirect examination. Critten
den devoted a like time to reoross, and
Wood was allowed to step down.
The case will be continued Monday at 11
o'clock.
WILL SEND A DELEGATE
Twenty-Third Senatorial District Club
of the Bimetallic League Held a
Rousing Meeting Yesterday.
The members of the Twenty-third Sena
torial District Club of the Bimetallic
League ot California met last evening in
the Turner Hall on Turk street, T. H.
Bates chairman. The object of the meet
ing was the election of a delegate to the
St. Louis convention.
According to a circular issued by the
executive chairman it is intended that by
the 15th all the Senatorial districts
throughout the State will have elected
their delegate, whose name will at once be
forwarded to the secretary of the execu
tive committee with the proper cre
dentials.
None but residents of the district were
admitted to membersbip and participation
in the club.
It is the intention of the bimetalliata
after the St. Louis convention to institute
a vigorous campaign in this State for the
cause of silver, regardless of party, ad
hering to the party that offers the best
silver legislation for the whole country
and its business interests.
Hugo Hornlien was unanimously
elected delegate to the St. Louis conven
tion and Thomas H. Bates alternate. The
club will meet again prior to the de
parture of the delegates for St. Louis,
when it is proposed to give them a grand
send-off.
Hugo Hornlien addressed the club and
elicited enthusiasm by the unique and
exceedingly applicable comparisons he
made upon the United States and Mexican
finance.
The club will meet again at the call of
the chairman. "
■ — * * « — — — -
The city of San Salvador, capital of the
Central American republic of the same
name, is called the Swinging Mat, on ac
count of its numerous earthquakes.
910
FIFTEEN NIGHTS
TOTAL DARKNESS.
What Citizens Say as to the
City's Humiliating
Position.
SOME POOR POLITICS.
To Please a Few the Supervisors
Invite the Contempt
of All.
WERE REPEATEDLY WARNED.
Citizens Might Light Candles in the
Doorways and Remember
Auld Lang Syne.
The great City of San Francisco is about
to be subjected to a most humiliating ex
perience. It is to be left in total darkness
for fifteen nights of this month, except in
so far as the moon and the stars shall re
lieve her or the lights of her shop-windows
may show her belated citizens the way
home. The fact that this is not a wholly
new experience makes it all the more
humiliating.
Instances pile thick upon one another
illustrating the incompeteucv, or worse,
of the men who have the direction of the
affairs of this City ; but they do hot as a
rule stand out where every man can see
them. The pity of this matter of the
street - lighting will be that not only
every citizen, voter and taxpayer will
be subjected to inconvenience, danger
an<l loss, so that he must be
personally impressed and oppressed
with the thought, but every stranger
in the City, every visitor during those two
weeks will witness our humiliation, will
have it told to him in answer to his ques
tion: "The City has not money enough in
its treasury to pay for lighting her streets.''
And, more than that, the thing will doubt
less be considered sufficiently remarkable
to warrant its being telegraphed away as a
piece of news that will be printed in the
newspapers of every city in the land that
for lack of money to pay its gas bills the
lights have been turned out and San Fran
cisco is in darkness.
This, to be sure, is not literally true. It
is true in its effect, in its impression upon
strangers within and without the City's
gate, true in so far as the inconvenience,
danger and loss to its citizens is con
cerned.
It is not true that San Francisco really
lacks money to meet its obligations. Cer
tain safeguards are established by iaw de
j-.knecl to so regulate the expenditure of
public money that the people may at least
kt er> some track of it.
One of these safeguards is the provision
in the appropriation that the money in
the several funds shall be divided into
twelve parts and the expenditures of each
month shall not exceed the one-twelfth
portion. Another is that the money in
one fund shall not be drawn upon to pay
the deficiencies of another.
The first of these provisions has been
flagrantly disregarded by the Supervisors
tnemselves and by other departments of
the City Government. They have passed
bills with the full knowledge that the one
twelfth limit was being exceeded. This
has resulted in several of the separated
funds in the general fund being now over
drawn. One of these is the street-lighting
fund.
It is by this disregard of the law by
themselves made that the Supervisors are
finally compelled to plunge the City in
darkness for fifteen nights. It is a ques
tion if any other city in the country would
tolerate such outrageous mismanagement,
disregard of the law, open plundering and
political huckstering as is represented in
thi? financial exigency, repeated at each
recurrence of the close of the fiscal year.
In the beginning of the year a liberal
estimate is made of the amount of money
required for street lighting. This estimate
is made up after a conference with the
agents of gas and electric light companies
and repeated conferences between the
members of the board and altogether
based upon past experiences and a
knowledge of growing needs. It would
seem strange then that with plans so
framed and the money set apart for the
business divided up so that it Decame un
lawful to spend more than a certain portion
of it each month, that the City should at
last be compelled to go in darkness for two
weeks. And this despite the fact that
both the gas and electric lignt companies
have been shutting off the lights for
several nights during each month more
than is provided in their contract.
The contracts provide that the lights
shall not be turned on during four nights
of each month when the moon is at its
beat. Since March the electric-ligbt com
pany has turned its lights off during six
nights each month, and the gas company
ha 3 done the same for eight nights each
month, or twice the number stipulated in
the contract. This saving, however, has
not been enough.
The business of any large private cor
poration conducted in this flagrantly
derelict if not, corrupt fashion would in
vite the immediate dismissal of the men
in any way responsible. In the matter of
a public trust of this character it should
do the same.
Chairman Hirsch of the Committee on
Street Lights of the Board of Supervisors
being asked for an explanation, laid it to
the demand for new lights on the part of
residents of the outside districts. The
explanation is as trifling and humiliating
to Mr. Hirsch individually as are the two
weeks of darkness to the City itself. It is
a complete confession of incompetency on
nis pan for the duties of the office with
which he had been honored. He knew
the money he had to spend. He knew how
much light it would buy. And yet he
went on buying more light than he had
money for.
In order to grant the wishes of a few in
dividuals, give lights to * few individuals,
he has brought darkness upon the whole
City. A 15-year-old boy wuo would not
know better should be turned up and
soundly spanked.
There is another explanation than mere
stupidity. The street lamps, it is said,
have been used as a means of "doing poli
tics" in these outside districts, but that
explanation is also very closely associated
with stupidity. A man, or any number of
men. who would win a few votes in the
suburbs at the sacrifice of the respect of
the community at large must be very
stupid.
J. B. Crockett, president of the San
Francisco Gaslight Company, speaking of
the matter yesterday, said: ''This com
pany has suffered the loss of nearly $100,
-000 through furnishing gas in the past
after the appropriation has run out. This
time we will certainly shut off the gas on
the 16th, when the limit of the present
fund will be reached. The Supreme Court
has declared that the man or corporation
furnishine supplies to the City must Keep
himself posted as to the state of the finan
ces, and if he furnishes goods after the
money has run out it is to his own loss.
We shall shut off the gas, as the City has
advised us to da."
J. l£. Green, secretary and manager of
the Electric Light Company, said yester
day: "We shall not turn on the lights on
the 16th of the month. The reason for the
shortage of funds is the great increase in
the number of lights durinz the past year.
We have been putting them in very rapidiy
by order of the City. We knew the appro
priation could not cover it, and remon
strated, but still the order came, and at
last we declined to put any more up.
Since March we have shut off two extra
lights each month, but still the funas
were not sufficient to meet the rapid in
crease in the number of the lights.
"It would be a nuisance of course to turn
out the streetlights," said P. J. Healy, the
I'owtll street book-dealer, "but this talk
about its offering a premium to crime is
all moonshine. The lights have been
turned out before in San Francisco under
similar circumstances, and while it was
inconvenient and disgraceful and reflected
severely upon our City Fathers, it uid not
cause any unusual increase of crime."
"I think," said the Rev. Dr. Flawith,
pastor of the Fourth Congregational
Church, "that the understandings of men
who can de.iberately advocate tne putting
out of all our street lights for two weeks
must be dark indeed. It should never be
permitted to oe done, for we have little
light enough now in San Francisco, and to
extinguish the gas and electric lights
would be to plunge the City into total
darkness."
"To turn out the street lights," said
Deputy School Superintendent C. B.
Stone, "would be an outrage upon the
public and a premium to highway rob
bery. Rather than put out the lights the
Supervisors had better cut down the sal
aries of some of the sleek and well-paid
City Hall chiefs and deputies. Why, we
need gas and electricity on our public
streets even upon moonlight nights and
to do without it altogether for two weeks
is as preposterous as it is absurd."
"I cannot understand," said Jeremiah
Deasy, the Sixth-street shoe merchant and
president of the Knights of St. Patrick,
"wh3 r the people of this City should be de
prived of light even for one night. Surely
there must be bad management some
where v\ hen the large tax rate of last year
is not sufficient to run all the departments
of our City Government. But it we must
economize I think it should be in some
other direction than street lighting. "
S. H. Tacy, manager of the Manufact
urers' and Producers' Association, in dis
cussing the proposition of shutting off the
street lights for half a month thinks that
hucli proceedings as these lead many to
believe that San Francisco is a "jay"
town. He said :
Nowhere in the East would this condition of
affairs be tolerated for a minute. In New
York City the street lamps are lighted by sun
down and they remain until sunrise, summer
and winter, moon or no moon. In Sau Fran
cisco the darkest nights are frequently when
the moon is full, but totally obscured by the
fop. Well, the money is gone and we will be
without street lights for a while. There is one
thing that the Supervisors can do to remedy
the eviL They can pattern after the old New
York City law.
Before gas came into use for street lighting
ths citr officials passed a law or ordinance
compelling every property-holder and tenant
to suspend a lighted lau'tern from a pole ip
front of the street door. These burned until
the tallow candle was consumed, and by that
time nearly everybody was in bed. Now the
San Francisco Supervisors could pass a similar
ordinance. lam sure that the effect would be
very unique even if this system of street light
ing is & little antique.
J. Richard Freud, secretary of the Mer
chants' Association, thinks it is by just
such disagreeable occurrences showing the
faults of the present City government that
the provisions of the proposed new charter
will be more impressed upon those who
are not already ardently in favor of its
adoption.
"The new charter," he said yesterday,
"provides for twenty- four distinct funds,
which must be expended for specific pur
poses. There can be no deficiencies such
as this present lack of funds for street
lighting, because the appropriations for a
specific purpose can never exceed the
amount of the fund provided for it.
"Article 2, chapter 3, section 7, of the
new charter, says: 'No contract for light
ing streets, public buildings or offices
shall be made for a longer period than
one year, nor shall any contract for t?as,
electric light or any illuminating material
at a higher rate than the minimum price
charged to any other consumer be valid.'
San Francisco is paying an average of
$1000 a night to light its streets. Does
any one doubt that the same amount of
lighting could be obtained more cheaply
by private persons?"
IS GUILTY OF CONTEMPT
The Supreme Court So Decides
in the Case of Charles
Smith.
His Wife's Appeal for an Increase of
Alimony Refused by That
Tribunal.
The appeal of Josephine Smith, wife of
Charles H. Smith, the Southern Pacific
Railroad cashier, from the decision of the
Superior Court, which denied her an in
crease of alimony, was yesterday denied
by the Supreme Court.
Mrs. Smith entered a suit against her
husband for permanent maintenance of
herself and child. The defendant admitted
having deserted his wife, but charged her
with misconduct of various sorts. The
Superior Court granted her alimony of
$150 per month to support herself and
child.
Later the plaintiff entered court and ob
tained an order of court relieving her of
the child, she claiming tbat she could not
control it. The youngster was placed in a
school, subject to the order of the court,
and Mrs. Smith's allowance was reduced
to $80 per month.
On April 19, 1895, she again appeared in
court, this time asking that her allowance
be increased to $100 per month, and stated
that her husband had paid her practically
nothing for almost two years. She com
plained that she had been forced to go
into aebt to support herself and to look
after the wants of the child. The court
denied her motion.
From this decision she appealed to the
Supreme Court, which court sustained the
Superior Court's judgment. It was held
that the amount of her allowance could
only be fixed by the original court and
that if she did not receive what was al
lotted her the only recourse would be in
an action against her husband for con
tempt of court in refusing to obey its order.
•—• — ♦ — •
GARCIA ASKS A PARDON.
A San Quentin Convict Claims to Be
Innocent of the Crime for Which
He Was Convicted.
Charles Garcia, with a twenty-years sen
tence before him in San Quentin, has peti
tioned the Governor for an absolute pardon
on the ground that he is innocent of the
crime for which he was convicted.
The circumstances attending his convic
tion are as follows: On the night of
November 4, 1893, a Chinese servant in a
Grant-avenue saloon was held up by two
men on Stockton street, near California,
and robbed of $25 in cash and other
valuables. Despite the fact that it was
dark and the attack upon him quite
sudden Leoung Tom swore that he could
identify the men on sight, which he did
in the persons of Isidor Baidivia and
Garcia. Both were tried betore Judge
Wallace and convicted, notwithstanding
the fact that Garcia's mother swore that
her son was in bed at the time the robbery
took place. In addition to this Baidivia
makes a statement in prison that he had
not been in company with his fellow-con
vict on the night in question, and in fact
did not see him for two weeks prior
thereto, and that he alone committed the
robbery.
On this statement Governor Budd will
be asked to set Garcia free. He belongs to
an old Spanish-Californian family, and
prior to nis arrest had never been in
trouble with the police.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
WANTED A MAN TO
BEAT GOULD WITH
Anti-Daggett Forces Cogi
tating About the Chair
manship.
A MAN WILL BE SPRUNG
The Machine Seems Safe From
the Candidacy of Foote
or White.
FOOTE'S SEAT IS CONTESTED.
The Daggett Machine Would Throw
Him Out of the Convention.
The War Outlook.
The Daggett-Gould-McNab combination,
grimly determined that the machine must
win at Sacramento, has given W. W.
Foote a blow which is relied upon to
effectually knock the wind out of Foote's
boom for the convention chairmanship.
They have filed a contest to Foote' 9 seat
ii the convention, and now if any
thing more is said about forcing the
chairmanship on Foote they will say,
"What! elect a chairman whose seat is
contested and who would have the dis
position of his own contest?"
By this coup d'etat Daggett and his
friends and Foote's enemies have made
auother slash for Foote's scalp-iock, and
they think that one assault on the works
of their man Gould has been briiliantiy
repulsed.
Senator White is the only other
prominent candidate whom the anti-
Gould, anti-machine forces have tried
to form so far. Nobody may talk
with authority or certainty about
the possibilities of White reluctantly
consenting to be whooped into the
convention chair until after he gets
home to-night, talks with John T. Gaffey
in a back room and gets a good survey of
things.
White would get the chairmanship by
an immense majority in spite of Daggetts
machine if the representatives of the
Democracy of the State were given a
chance to choose between him and Gould,
but there is a general feeling that White
would not consent to run.
Those who cry out for salvation from
Dagjiett and Gould talk much about
its being White's duty to sacrifice himself
a little, if necessary, to harmonize the
party and to save it from being given iuto
the hands of a machine faction, and about
the probabilities of his seeing it to be his
duty to become a savior. But there is a
general impression that White will refuse
the honor.
The ready story about Gouid's voting
for White "for Senator comes rebukinsly
from the lips of McNab and those fellows
when the possibilities ot White's chair
manship are mentioned. They are posi
tive that this bars White from placing a
straw in Gould's way.
White wants to be elected to the Senate
again by the next Legislature. What
course will White steer in his own inter
est is the question, lie will take a deep
interest in the convention in behalf of his
ambition, his friends and his party.
It is certain, for one thing, that White
will not hand people into Daggett's band
wagon. They are old enemies. White's
closest friends are not Daggett's friends,
and their common enemies are few. White
knows that if John Daggett dominates the
party machine after next Tuesday there
are only two bie Democrats, Foote and
Maguire, into whom Daggett will run his
knife with more unutterable joy. White
was chairman of the Stockton convention
of 1884, which in its platform denounced
"Lieutenant-Governor John Daggett,
whose casting vote was ever thrown into
the scales to turn the balance against the
people," and declared, "thai it is the
duty of a parly, if it is true to itself and to
the people, to expel from its ranks and de
nounce, as unworthy of public trust and
lost to all sense of honor, traitors and
pledge-breakers."
White's portion of the responsibility for
Daggett's being thus kicked out of the
party naturally made Daggett his bitter
enemy. When the convention oilßßb*,in Odd
Fellows' Hall, San Francisco, arrived.
Daggett was there with one purpose, and
that was to beat White, who was a candi
date for the chairmanship again. He had
his knife out for "Bill" English and
others, upon whose carcasses he would
feed. He tried to beat White with N.
Green Curtis, but didn't. If White should
now trot out to win the gavel again, ten
years later, what a blessed transport of
pliss would bubble in John Daggett's heart
if he could beat him at last with FraiiK
Gould.
It was at that convention, by the way,
that Daggett broke with Chris Buckley
because Buckley backed White. Daggett
pleaded in vain with Buckley to stand in
against White.
"I suppose you're going to be for that
hog English, too, for chairman of the
State Central Committee," said Daggett,
as the story goes.
"lam," said Chris, and Daggett, turn
ing on his heel, had spoken to Buckley for
the last time.
The anti-Gould forces were at sea yester
day and were still looking about for mag
netic party giants to take up. Jeter's
boom has apparently lost its vitality. La
Rue has been mentioned. Foote's friends,
opponents of Daggett generally, and the
Buckleyites were yet pinning their hopes
on Foote or White and waiting to see
what the possibilities regarding them are.
"They haven't got a candidate; they
can't find one," the partisans of Daggett
and McNab shouted in jubilation.
"Just wait," said the others.
That a candidate will be sprung against
Gould is a moral certainty. He will prob
ably be rushed out with a whoop pbout
next Saturaay night or Sunday when the
politicians begin to gather at Sacramento.
Gould's friends talk about his election by
acclamation, which would mean that Dag
gett has secured such a complete mastery
of the party that even the opposition to
him is crushed.
And this when the State machine, the
control of San Francisco politics and for
tunes, the ambitions of many leaders, a
governorship, a Legislature, a senator
ship and so on are more or less involved!
It is universally recognized by Demo
crats — except by McNab and Daggett when
they talk for "publication— that Gould's
election means Duggett's triumph.
"Dageett is going to get all he wants" is
the common expression among the Junta
people as they talk of the certainty of
Gould's election.
The anticipations of the Junta people are
that Gould, as temporary chairman, will
force through, as far as a chairman can,
the programme of letting the Junta vote
on the temporary organization. The
Junta will cast 161 votes, and 147 more, in
cluding many proxies, will make up a
majority.
Gould is expected to name a committee
on order of business, which will provide
for the appointment by the chairman of
ten or twenty members at large of the
State Central Committee, who will become
an executive committee.
He is expected to name a committee on
credentials that will report in favor of
seating the Junta delegation, throwing out
W. W. Foote and seating the Daggett-
Fitzgerald contestants from Alameda
County. There may be contests from Los
Angeles to be disposed of.
He is expected to appoint a. committee
on platform that will report an indorse
ment of Cleveland, an indorsement of
Budd and a money plank framed accord
ing to the wishes of the machine, or rather
according to their judgment of what they
may be able to get through.
Eighteen members of the State Central
Committee are involved in the San Fran
cisco contest. The recognition of the Junta
will give Daggett a large majority of them.
Of more importance is the Executive
Committee. It is the main part of the
St ate machine. It will run this campaign,
and it can shape things to desired ends for
the State campaign two years from now.
it is a power that Daggett has been
assiduously playing for. It can influence
the composition of the Legislature on which
so many political ambitions depend. It is
a force that can be played in all directions.
The man of large influence in the State
Committee can command mush and manj'.
They will be all palms and roses that
fall in Daggett's way at Sacramento — some
Democrats don't think.
Gould and McNab are to be Daggett's
chief lieutenants in directing the cam
paign according to the partnership and be
big men themselves, and Gould, with am
bition burning in his soul, would be
Speaker of the next Assembly and a Gov
ernor later.
So Daggett is the chief convention issue.
Other big issues are adjuncts of it. As
Daggett goes so will go Gould, so will go
the boss-ship of the party, so. will go the
dominant forces that will give character,
direction and control to the reorganization
of the local party that will follow the State
Convention.
The game that depends on the cham
pionship is a big one. It is worth dipging
up a L'ood man on a Sunday night to win
it with. It may be really worth the thun
der and the wreck and carnage and battle
smoke that will come with the conven
tion's beginning.
The local contest is one of those doubt
ful political convention isuues concerning
which hindsight is worth more than fore
sight. Both of the factions are confident
of victory and with the Buckleyites a half
vote would be a fairly satisfactory victory.
The main fight will probably be fought
at the very opening of the convention
when the attempt is made to let the Junta
delegation put in their 161 votes on tem
porary organization.
There will at once be made a motion
tha», San Francisco be excluded from the
rollcall, and Gould, who, as chairman of
the State Central Committee, will, of
course, stand by the committee, is ex
pected to make a ruling that will be ap
pealed from to the convention.
It is expected that the row at this start
ing point will be worth going miles and
miles to see. The Buckley ites will have
strong champions from the interior on the
floor and at the front, and they will be
there themselves to back up their own
spokesmen.
It will be urged that according to all
right and precedent both factions should
withdraw until it is decided who the legal
representatives of San Francisco are. It
will be shown that this is quite different
from the ordinary contest in which one
set of delegates has credentials from the
one party power which issues them and
the other comes asserting its claim to cre
dentials.
In this case the rival delegations each
present credentials, which on their face
are of equal value, and they come from in
dependent party organizations. One dele
gation has the advantage of having been
recognized without any hearing of evi
dence by the State Central Committee, but
it will be urged that the committee had no
right or power and no occasion to bestow
this recognition at the request of one fac
tion aud that they come from the organi
zation composed of bolters and represent
ing but a very small element of the party.
Tne question is, Which is the legitimate
and regular party organization in San
Francisco? The Buckleyites will ask only
that they be given a fair hearing on the
merits of their case and that their rivals
be also made to wait for the judgment of
the convention. On this issue the first
and probably the decisive battle will be
fought, and fought with desperation. They
will point for a precedent to the two State
Central Committees in the party in the
fifties, eacli of which sent delegations to
the National Convention, which kept both
off the roll until the contest was decided.
But the battles at Sacramento will
nearly all be between the machine and the
rest of the party. The machine has some
advantages always. Its programme is
carefully prepared and it fights with sole
regard to practical success.
The Buckleyites have engaged a large
hall neai the Golden Eagle Hotel for head
quarters and will advance on Sacramento
in force next Monday.
"W r e have the equities and they have
nothing but the bugbear 'Buckley'," they
say.
Chairman James I. Stanton has called
another meeting of the delegation at
Pythian Castle to-night.
Talk about district delegates to Chicago
is n.ot lively in the Junta. George T.
Marye and E. B. Pond had been talked of,
but their being gold men is thought to
have made their selection unlikely unless
Daggett wants to get in what gold men he
can. James V. Coleman is spoken of in
the Fourth, and Louis Metzger wants to
go. James D. Phelan will probably be
favored by the Junta crowd from this end
of the Fifth district.
Most, if not all, of the Congressional
nominations will be made at this time.
The Fifth District convention will be held
at Sacramento, and it yesterday seemed
likely that V. P. Scheller of San Jose
would capture the nomination in competi
tion to A. J. Clunie ami Jos. P. Kelly. Max
Popper, who dug up Scheller and got him
in the race to beat Clunie with, thinks
that he has accomplished his fell purpose,
and he probably has. Scheller will have
the Santa Clara County delegation solid
aud claims three or four of the seven San
Mateo County votes.
The San Francisco vote depends on the
outcome of the local contest. Clunie has
some friends among the Junta delegates,
but a majority will support Schellar.
The Iroquois club will make one of the
crowds that will go to Sacramento on Mon
day. They will wear white plug hats,
carry tomahawks, install the officers of a
new Iroquois club at Sacramento and cut
a pigeon-wing generally in the political
uproar.
AFTER FOOTE'S SCALP.
The Daggrett Faction Contests His
Own Election as a Conven
tion Delegate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 11. j
Daggett is not through with W. W.
Foote, and the bitter local fight has hau
new fuel added to it.
The Daggett-Fitzgerald people have
filed a contest to Foote's election as a dele
gate at large to the State Convention, and
will throw him out if the Daegett machine
can accomplish it.
The move is supposed to have been occa
sioned by the taik about running Foote as
a candidate for the convention chairman
ship, this move being made to make sure
that he is out of Gould's way.
The contest is based on the claim that
Foote's election by the County Commit
tee was illegal and" fraudulent as set forth
in the following document filed with the
County Committee to-day:
To W. W. Foote and M. J. Laymance, Chairman
Democratic Couvty Ccmmittee of Alameda County:
You aro hereby notified that the seat of W. W.
Foote to the Democratic State Convention, to
be held at Sacramento, June 16, 1806, will be
contested on the following grounds:
First — That Laymance, chairman of the
County Committee of Alameda County, had
no right o: authotity to call the committee
together for the purpose of electing a delegate
at-large tc the State Convention, and that in
doing so he usurped authority willfully and
wrongfully.
Second— That upon the meeting of the com
mittee under said call, the question of elect
ing a delegate-at-large was carried by a major
ity of six votes, aud tbat upon the affirmative
thereof, said Laymance and others voted a
large number of proxies without exhibiting
any authority from the absent principals to
represent them, and without permitting the
comcaitteemen present to inspect, pass upon
and authenticate said proxies. It is believed
that any authority which may now be shown
to cs.st many of said proxy votes has since
been obtained, and should be rejected.
Third— The election of W. W. Foote was se
cured in the same manner as recited in the
preceding count, by casting proxies that were
passed upon, if at all by the chairman, Lay
mance himself, without submission to inspec
tion an* authentication, and therefore said
election of said Foote lacking in every element
of authority in the first instance, was ac
complished against the votes of a majority of
the committeemen present, by the use of
proxies alleged to be held by Laymance nnd by
him willfully withheld from inspection and
verification.
Fourth— After the said alleged election of
said Foote as a delegate-at-large said Lay
mance, by use of the same proxies and meth
ods, procured an order of the committee that
the Third Ward of Oakland, in which said
Foote is a registered voter, be deprived of one
delegate to the State Convention and that said
Foote be credited to that ward as a delegate
and subtracted from its quota of delegates un
der the apportionment and call. This was an il
legal disfrßnchisement of the Democracy of
the Third Ward and resulted in imposing upon
them a representative to the State Convention
whom they did not desire to represent them.
Fifth — That Laymance throughout accom
plished these various false and fraudulent
schemes against the rights of the party and
without its indorsement was subsequently
demonstrated by the defeat of the Foote-Lay
mance ticket in the Third Ward by a majority
of 53 and in the county by a majority of 200.
Therefore the Democratic State Convention
will be asked to hear proof of the foregoing
counts and to rieht the wrong done to every
principle of right representation by refusing
to Mr. Foote a seat under such credentials,
and conferring upon J. J. McDonald, the law
fully elected representative of the Third Ward
of Oakland, the right and authority, as the
chosen representative of the people, to cast in
the convention the two votes to which said
ward is entitled.
All parties concerned will take notice of the
foregoing, this 11th day of June, 1896.
The contest is not regarded seriously by
local Democrats. They believe that if
Foote wanted to be chairman of the con
vention he could have the honor with
little trouble. ,
M. J. Laymance attaches little import
ance to the contest. "It is ]ust another
move of Daggett's," he said to-night, "but
it will have no effect. Daggetl ispreaum
ing on altogether too much strength. He
would of course like to see Gould chair
man, but I think he will be disappointed.
"So far as Foote is concerned, he has de
clared himself, and I do not believe he
will change his mind. Foote does not back
and fill like some Democrats who have
been read out of the party. He has said
he does not want the chairmanship of the
convention, and nobody who knows him
believes that he does. He wants to goto
Chicago as a National delegate, and is
making his fight toward that end. There
is really no foundation for this talK about
the chairmanship so far as Foote is con
cerned, and it is laughable to see a protest
against his being a delegate-at-large, as
the County Committee meeting, at which
Fitzgeralu was present, elected him by ac
clamation."
\V . B. English says Foote is not after
the chairmanship and does not fear any
contest. "Daggett and McNab will get
one of the surprises of their life when
noses are counted at Sacramento," he said
to-niu'ht.
W. W. Foote could not be seen to-night,
but several members of the county com
mitte agree with the views of Mr. Lay
mance.
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
"Lorraine" Is Proving a Suc
cess at the Tivoii Opera-
House.
Miss Don Cann's Singing Adds to the
Attractiveness of "Miss
Jerry"
Nat. C. Goodwin and his company are
presenting "In Mizzoura" to fairly large
audiences, but the play and the perform
ance deserve full honors. There is plenty
of sentiment of the right sort in this latest
work by Augustus Thomas, and the in
terest never flags. Goodwin's interpreta
tion of the self-denying Sheriff could
scarcely be improved upon, and his sup
port is good. The play will run for the
remainder of this week, and will be given
on Thursday, Friday and Saturday nights
of next week. On Monday, Tuesday and
Wednesday evenings, Mr. Goodwin will
present "A Gilded Fool," by Henry Guy
Carleton.
"Brother John" is amusing large audi
ences at the Columbia Theater. The one
drawback to the performance is the length
of the waits; but the public overlooks this
in return for the good staging given the
play. Macklyn Arbuckle has made a de
cided hit as hacket, the hatter, and the
rest of the performers all contribute to
making "Brother John" go with spirit.
There is plenty of sensationalism in
"Brother Against Brother," the melo
drama which the Grand is producing
this week. The scene where the blind
girl breaks in the door and rescues the
lovers from the flames is one of the most
effective situations in the play and never
fails to elicit delighted applause.
"Lorraine" is one of the best perform
ances seen at the Tivoii for some time.
The opera itself has bright and catchy
music, which runs to marches and waltzes.
The efforts to find the nero are too long
drawn out for the plot to be as brisk and
bristling as one could desire; but some of
the dialogue is good, and there are some
humorous situations. Miss Marie Mil
lard's singing adds greatly to the attract
iveness of "Lorraine."
The vitascope continues to arouse in
terest at the Orpheum, and added to the
list of attractions, makes a strong bill for
the week. Papinta's dances used to be
watched in silent enjoyment, but since she
took to having pictures of prominent peo
ple thrown on her draperies, her perform
ance arouses quite a popular clamor.
Hayes and Post go on adding to their
popularity.
The Amy Lee season commences at the
Alcazar on Saturday matinee next, with
Amy Lee, Frank Doane and the new com
pany in "The Little Detective."
"Miss Jerry," which received its last
performance in this City last night at
Metropolitan Temple, is the first picture
play which San Francisco has seen,
though the style of entertainment is be-
ginning to become quite a fad in the East.
It i 3 a very charming and novel way of
passing an eveninsr, and well deserves the
applause it receives. "Miss Jeny" tells a
dramatic story of a young lady who
wished to enter journalism and of all
that befell her when out on her "details."
The story is well read by Miss Carrie
Louise Ray and is illustrated by a rapid
series of life-size pictures thrown on a
screen.
Miss Don M. Cann, who sang between
the acts of "Miss Jerry," is a pupil of
Willard J. Batchelder, who will certainly
make a hit in tne East, where she is
shortly going to take an engagement. She
has a rich, sympathetic contralto voice
which she uses exceptionally well.
Preparations are nearly complete for the
summer stock season to be inaugurated at
the California Theater next Monday night
by the dramatic stock company under the
direction of L. R. Stockwell. The open
ing play is to be the Lyceum Theater suc
cess, 'The Home Secretary."
Two Women Made Happy.
Judge Troutt yesterday divorced Emily Mc-
Coy from J. A. McCoy and Dora Campbell from
William Campbell. Mrs. McCoy was allowed
to resume her maiden name, Emily Jenick
The decree was granted because of willful
neglect. The Campbells are colored people.
The plaintiff secured the decree on the ground
of extreme cruelty, and was awarded the
custody of the minor children.
TO INCREASE THE
CITY COMMITTEE
New Working Force of
the Local Repub
licans.
MANWARING TO APPOINT
One More Member From Each
of the Assembly
Districts.
EXECUTIVE SESSION WORK.
Committeemen to Bs Named at the
Regular Meeting in
July.
A prolonged executive session of the
Republican County Committee was held
last evening at the headquarters, corner
of Market and Stockton streets. All out
siders were excluded, and a motion to
admit newspaper reporters was voted down
by 10 to 8. The entire committee of eight
een members responded to the rollcall.
C. W. Manwaring, chairman of the com
mittee, presided at the session.
The main business before the meeting
was a proposition to add eighteen mem
bers to the committee — one from each
Assembly district. In anticipation of a
spirited contest many spectators pathered
in the outer rooms to await the result.
There was a disposition on the part of
many members to defer action, and some
time elapsed before the fight opened on
ihe merits of the question.
J. M. Chretien made the motion to in
crease and an amendment was immedi
ately offered to postpone action for thirty
days. After vigorous discussion, in wnich
Jesse Marks, favoring delay, made the
"speech of his life," the motion to defer
was lost, the vote standing 9 to 9.
The committeemen voting lor the amend
ment to post Done were Marts, Berliner,
Gately, Thompson, Watt, Houston, Brown,
Clear and Chandler.
More talking followed and finally the
motion to increase was carried by a voic
of 12 to 6. The affirmative voters were
Brown, Clear, Helman, Jackson, Man
waring, Ayers, Louderback, Clinch,
Chretien, Walsh, Bacigalupi and Chand
ler. Voting in the negative were Marks,
Berliner. Gately, Thompson, Watt ana
Houston.
Another motion which evoked speeches
was one authorizing the present commit
teeman of each Assembly district to name
the additional member. Chairman Man
waring ruled that this procetdinp was in
usurpation of his powers, as the by-laws
delegated to the chairman the right of ap
pointment. He ruled the motion out of
order. On appeal the chair was sustained
by a vote ot 13 to 3.
In deference to the desires of the com
mitceemen the chairman decided to ask
members to present names from their re
spective districts. Should the chairman
fail to find acceptable names in the list so
supplied, he will be at liberty to make an
independent selec'ion.
The object ot increasing tlfe committee
is to .afford adequate working strength
during the campaign. Some of the Assem
bly districts are very large, extending over
a vast territory, and embracing twenty
precincts.
The present committee is unusually
small and on election day the single mem
ber from each district would not be able to
visit half the voting places and could not
possibly watch the count at night.
At the regular meeting in July Chair
man Manwaring will announce the names
of the eighteen new committeemen.
Meanwhile the present members of the
committee will consult the Republicans
in their respective districts in regard to
men to be recommended.
A suggestion was made at the meeting
that tne committee wire the National
Convention at St. Louis asking that
Messrs. Shortridge and Montague be ad
mitted as delegates. The suggestion was
not put in the form of a motion, so no ac
tion thereon was taken.
Stock Season at the California.
The prospects for the season of the Dramatic
Stock Company, which begins its season at the
California Theater Monday night, are most
flattering, if the energy and enthusiasm shown
by the demand for reserved seats at the sale
yesterday morning can be taken as any indica
tion. There was a large crowd at the theater
long before 9 o'clock, the hour announced for
the opening of the box-office. The repertory
of the company is very choice and includes all
the late New York successes.
Kfeß
: mi-
IjWflM
A smart Broadway, New
/ V York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
I^^jifl^ RF^TflBErr cupiDENEft
(!^<£>J WF^<s ifiMiinuuii. iiLa l uliLiivi? i ?,« rreatve Bet8 et » M «
■ IK ■"** fv GW *•? fit ton of a famous French physician will on!oTi >thepreBcri P-
\S> /A IVT .\T youa or diseases of the generaUve orea,?J 7 i? Ure 7 of »" ne >>
_n/ V ' _AiL l nsomnla vl' aln3 In toe !■— «sfe^mlna? I mLif^-S 1
V^^Tfc A bnfltnesa to Marry, Eihaufu^nV I' 1 " o i7°V Sl)ebmt yl
\2V V 7 Constipation. It stops alllos^esbv da^. D . ra JV « Vartcocele a.ld
-' • X **-»' ness of discharge, which if not ch«*p.?LoJ "J*^ pr events quick-
■ BEFORE AND AFTER all the horrors of Impotency^ V&mSl^2S^!2*# l1 **™*
Address DAVOU MJSDICJLNIS CO.. 1170 Marked ttreet, San Franrf,™ r a , 'i ,
—g— • to-pat: ' "<'_.['.
Don't you want to free your*
self from the stealthy serpent
which is slowly eating away
your manly strength ?
Every man has sown his wild
oats to some extent before he
reaches the age of manhood, and
there is in . every man more
or less of the effect of his early %
indiscretions.
You yourself know better than
anybody else how weak you are.
You have felt the ravages of
nervous waste in your body, and
you know that sooner or later it
will show in your face.
It is the * serpent — nervous
debility — which slowly takes
from under you the very foun-
dation of your nerve power — of
your manhood. Destroy it-
cleanse your system of its pres-
ence. You can do this with
electricity.
Electricity is the life of the
nerves. When the nerves are
filled with it there is no chance
for disease to exist. If you will
charge your nerves with elec-
tricity you can drive out forever
the serpent that is slowly de-
stroying your life.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt,
the ideal of all progressive
physicians for restoring wasted
manhood, has made thousands
of men happy. It has reclaimed
their manhood and set a new
standard of manly vigor.
"I feel brighter, sleep better,
awake refreshed and know I am
going to get cured," is the report
of a patient who has used the
Belt two weeks.
You will feel the effect of the
electricity right away, and it
will infuse such confidence into
you that you will soon forget
your troubles.
v Try it to-day. Anyway, get
the book "Three Classes of Men,"
which tells of so many men who
have been made happy. It is
sent sealed, free. Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco, '
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours; » a. v. to
8:30 F. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL, I PORTLAND, 08.,
204 South Broadway. | 253 Washington street.
GOODWILL AUCTION.
I will sell to the highest bidder for cash tho
Goodwill of the General Machinery and Commis-
sion business formerly conducted by H. P.
Gregory & Co. (a corporation), KO3 46 and 48
Fremont street, in the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California, on
TO-MORROW.
Saturday.. June 13, 1896,
At 12 o'clock noon, at salesroom of
EASTON ELDRIDGE & CO., 638 MARKET ST.,
In said city, county and State.
TYLER HEN SHAW, Trustee.
EASTOX ELDRIDGE &CO., Auctioneers,
638 Market -treet.
THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
Of THE- :
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKEr ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
NAPA COLLEGE PROPERTY
FOR SALE.
THE BUILDINGS, GROUNDS AND APPA-
-L ratus of Napa College, lour acres of land, •
three large buildings and two small library appa-
ratus, furniture, etc., are offered at a bargain.
Buildings are suitable for school, sanitarium,
orphanage or hotel. Apply to
S. E. HiiLBEX or L. J. NORTON, Napa.
Or I. J. TRUMAN, Columbian Banking Co.,
San Francisco.
IRON BEDS,
«JL«I£-~ r BRASS BEDS,'
< : ■ , ■ FOLDING BEDS'
Wire and : Hair Mat- •
tresses, Kecllnln:
«...,, Chairs, Wheel Ch»iri
TT ■ . . Commodes, Back Resu
11 fffTtfllf Chairs, Wheel Chair* -
Commodes, Back Rest*
ffTTffflf W - A - SCHROCK,
■_**» jl. ! I • — ax —
™_ jtiasi .. Now Montgomery
€ •*• 1 |_| ' St., under Urand
*^ Hotel, S. If.
TAM AD A lmx «!T e , r * frert>ln « m
I llfflun fruic lo " n «c.
■ mil nil very agreeable to lake.
CONSTIPATION '
■ ■■ M H — ■■ hemorrhoids, bile,
Ml IC M l08 ? of appetite, gastric an*
IH UIEL n intestinal trouble* and
" ■■" . ■ *■ ■■ headache arising
CRlLLDH'^'sa^___'-
SRJ LLO [lJj^Vi^^a*
Wnen ordering please mention. ca_J " ■ ;TRANSFER PLEA
OF OAKLANDERS
Consideration Asked at the
Hands of the Southern
Pacific.
EAST END INTERESTED.
Residents of That Section Desire
Facilities for Reaching
Broadway.
STRONG ABGUMENTS MADE.
Privileges and Profits That Were
Curtailed by the Adoption of
the Gate System.
General Passenger Agent Goodman of
the Southern Pacific Company is just now
considerably absorbed in the study of the
possibilities of a transfer arrangement be
tween the Oakland broad-gauge trains and
the cars of the Highland Park and Fruit
vale Railroad.
On the 19th of May the latter company
severed its transfer relations with the Oak
land, San Leandro and Haywards electric
line, as it found it could not afford to al
low that road 3 cents on all tranfers re
deemed. Since then an agreement has
been made with the Alameda line to carry
passengers between Brooklyn, one of the
termini of the Fruitvale line, to Broad
way, or to Twenty-third avenue.
But this arrangement has not proved al
together satisfactory to the patrons of the
road. In consequence a numerously
signed petition has been sent to the South
ern Pacific Company, asking them to enter
into a transfer alliance with the Highland
Park and Fruitvale road.
This road has been the victim of unex
pected vicissitudes and is now in the
hands of a receiver. It operates two
branches— one from Brooklyn, along
Thirteenth avenue and Hopkins" street to
Dimond, and another along Fruitvale
avenue to Dimond, these branches form
ing two legs of a triangle. Forming the
th.rd side of this triangle, between Brook
lyn and Fruitvale station, run the Hay
wards electric line and the Oakland trains
of the Southern Pacific, by either of which
Broadway, the business center of Oakland,
can be readily reached. Hence the neces
sity of a transfer arrangement with one or
the other of these lines. Under the exist
ing transfer arrangements with the Ala
meda line patrons of the Fruitvale line
can only be accommodated at Brooklyn,
as the Alameda car? strike southward at
Uwenty-third avenue, about midway be
tween Brooklyn and Fruitvale station".
One of tne strongest arguments that has
been used with the Southern Pacific Com
pany is that Fruitvale avenuq, between
Fruitvale station and Dimond, was built
up and improved by mechanics and people
of moderate means, before the gate system
was adopted on the Oakland trains, and to
refuse them the transfer accommodations
prayed for in the petition, wouJd be to
perpetuate a great injustice to them.
It is further claimed that by entering
into an arrangement of this kind, the
Southern Pacific would increase its revenue
$750 to $1000 a month.
In speaking of the matter yesterday, Mr.
Goodman stated that there were several
difficulties in the way of perfecting the
desired transfer arrangement. Amon»
other things he said the company could
not afford to carry passengers from Fruit
vale station to the end of the mole for 2)4
cents, and added that he could not see any
way by which people could be made to get
off at Broadway or even West Oakland
after they were once aboard the train.
On the other hand, it has been pointed
out that the commuters from San Fran
cisco are virtually carried over this dis
tance for 2)4 cents, and it is claimed that
most of the people who would take ad
vantage of the desired arrangement would
be regular daily patrons and entitled to
the same consideration as the actual com
niutera.
It is also argued that the Southern Pa
cific owes something to the Highland Park
and Fruitvale road, as the latter was
forced into bankruptcy by the introduc
tion of the gate systsm on the local trains
of the Southern Pacific Company. Pre
vious to this, when riding was free on the
locai trains, tliere was no necessity on the
part of the streetcar line to enter into any
transfer arrangement with any other line
and so be forced to share its revenue.
•Should this deal be consummated it will
present the unusual feature of an inter
change of traffic between a regular steam
railroad line and a streetcar line.
DISCORDANT LODGEMEN.
Members of the Order of the
World Find Fault With
Each Other.
Criminal Proceedings Threatened and
Interesting Developments Are
Expected.
There is trouble in the ranks of German
Council No. 2, Order of the United World,
and the chances are that the individual
and collective differences will be aired in
the criminal courts.
The Order of the United World was or
ganized in this City some months ago by
Michael Brooks, who is well known in
fraternal circles. Brooks succeeded in
forming several councils, German Council
being among the number.
This ioage has been meeting regularly
in the Alcazar building, and up to three
weeks ago everything moved along
smoothly within its precincts.
At that time Victor Spderburg appeared
as the representative of a dissenting ele
ment, desiring certain information con
cerning the Grand Lodge. Brooks, it
seems, had been frozen out, and be cast
his lot with the dissenting element.
The actual storm, however, did not
breakout until Tuesday niaht. At that
time Soderberg, who has long suspected
that the order was not conducted on lines
strictly in keeping with the promises,
made certain pertinent inquiries concern
ing the legality of the organization. The
result of this' was that Soderberg with
half a dozen otners was summarily ejected
from the room. Before this interesting
event, however, August Euler managed to
introduce tbe following scorching notice:
To the German Council No. t of the Order of
United World : We, the undersigned, members
<f the above council, hereby declare that we
were induced to join this lodge through mis
representation and falsehoods, and hereby
demand the return of the money paid by us.
We have conclusive proof that the founders
and the majority ol the present officers of this
organization have conducted the business of
the lodge contrary to the laws of this State.
Snould the return of moneys paid in by as
not be made within a week from this date we
■ball bring the facts of this case into court and
to the notice of the public through the me
dium of the press.
San Francisco, June 9, 1896.
(Signed) Tillte Lynch, Mrs. B. Veroni, M.
Btappenbeck, Victor Soderburg, RebeceaEuler,
Elise Wessell, Anna Schulz, Aug. Euler.
The dissenting members allege that the
order is not conducted properly, the money
paid in going into the pockets of certain
employes instead of the Grand Lodge.
Soderburg further charges that recently
he called on Brooks with a view of dis
cussing a proposition to organize a coun
cil in the Swedish colony.
He was advised to go ahead, as he would
be allowed a commission on all charter
members secured.
The members ejected from the lodsre
Tuesday night now propose to get even by
airing the order in court. Around the
Alcazar building it is common talk that if
the plan contemplated is carried out some
interesting developments will follow. In
the meantime Organizer Brooks is quietly
pursuing the even tenor of his way.
BUNKER HILL DAY.
Grand Celebration of the Battle's
One Hundred and Twenty-First
Anniversary.
The Bunker Hill Association of this
City and the Sons of Vermont will cele
brate tbe one hundred and twenty-first
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill
by a grand picnic at Glen Ellen on
Wednesday next, and they will there hold
literary exeicises appropriate to the day.
The oration will be delivered by the Hon.
R. B. Carpenter of this City, and Rev.
George Walk, rector of Trinity Church,
will officiate as chaplain of the day. There
will be an opening address by the presi
dent of the Bunker Hill Association, and
lie will be followed by Frank Dillingliam,
president of the Sons of Vermont. Alfred
Wilkie will sine the "Sword of Bunker
Hill," and several other talented artists
wili take part in the entertainment.
The Ancient Order of Foresters, who
make the 17ih of June their annual festi
val day, will celebrate it at San Jose, and
as their order numbers many thousands,
no doubt they will have a large and patri
otic gathering.
At Santa Cruz the carnival association
will devote the day to a celebration of the
anniversary of this memorable battle, of
which, intlie evening, they will give a re
alistic reproduction. In it the British
army will be represented by the Naval Re
serves and the American Patriots by
Grand Army Veterans and their sons.
Mayor Sutro and the Board of Super
visors uave given orders to fling "Old
Glory" to the breeze from every point in
the City under their control. The Board
of Education intend to have exercises
appropriate to the day held in every
school in the City, and every flag in that
department raised. Chief Sullivan says
that every piece of bunting in the Fire
Department shall be displayed. All the
car lines cons/nt most cordially to co-op
era'e, and all the shipping in the haroor
will be decorated with banners.
In accordance with orders received from
the War Department, at Washington,
salutes will be urea from all the forts in
the harbor.
WOMEN`S SUFFRAGE WORK
Ready, to Meet the Democratic
State Convention Next
Tuesday.
Encouraging Reports From the Country
Suffrage Clubs—Oakland Miss-
Meeting ToDay.
The suffrage cause of the women of the
State is not being permitted to languish if
the busy appearance of affairs at head
quarters, 1630Folsoni street, is of any value
z-i an indication.
Two years ago the Democratic State Con
vention Broiled upon the suffrapists and
said fair things about a plank that never
came out in tneir platform. This year the
women say there must be a plank and not
a promise.
The campaign is being actively con
ducted by the joint amendments campaign
committee, composed of the ortic ers of
the State Worn en's Suffrage Association,
of whicn Mrs. Ellen 0. Sargent is presi
de nt, and the Suffrage Amendment Cam
paign Association, presided over by
Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper. Speakers and
workers generally in the cause have gone
over most of the counties, holding mass
meetings and forming suffrage clubs.
Petkion-books have been freely circulated
among the people, and thousands of tinn
ers have testified to their advocacy of tne
suffragists' cause.
"The names are coming in rapidly,"
said Dr. Sargent at headquarters yester
day. "Here is one list Irom a southern
county, and there are over 120<> of them.
We went up to Sacramento with the Re
publican Convention, and we showed that
body 21,01)0 names and they gave us a
plank to stand on. We now have over 30,
-000 bona-ride signatures for our Democratic
brothers to look at, and before we all meet
next Tuesday we will have 10,000 more. I
hardly think the Democratic Convention
will deny our petition, especially after the
other conventions have seen the wisdom
of giving ear to a cause so universally popu
lar as women's suffrage.
"We liave not been ableto go thoroughly
pvev ail the State, but we have given the
counties all the attention we could and
from all quarters we hiive heard nothing
bul favoraule news. People are listening
to us and preparing to vote ior our pro
posed amendments.
"Here is a clipping from the Tulare Reg
ister which indicates how public senti
ment is turning:
WOMEN DO WANT TO VOTE.
In order to answer tne oft repeated argu
ment, ••Tiie women don't want to vote," & can
vass has becu made of U street chosen at ran
dom as one of the best populated streets of
Tulare. Sixty-one women were interviewed,
of whom 47 were found in tavor of equal suf
frage, 7 opposed, ti indifferent and 1 unde
cided. At four houses no one was found at
home. Of these forty-seven, forty-three gave
us a willing permission to publish their names.
A perusal ol the appended list w:ll be a suf
ficient answer to ail intimation thnt women
who desire the baliot are neglectful of their
homes, seekers after notoriety or possessed of
otner unwomanly qualities:
"The list of names which was published
contained those of the most prominent
ladies of Tulare. Prom Orange County
we received a long list which the sender
enthusiastically informed us contained
most of the most reliable people of the
locality. Up in the northern counties our
canvassers have done excellent work and
the suffrage ciubs are booming. One
thing that encourages us is ttie fact that
about 50 per cent of the signers to our
petitions are men— present registered
votert. So you see not only are the
women asking for a political privilege, but
those who already possess these privileges
are willing to share them with their
mothers, sisters, wives and sweethearts.
Oh, our fifty suffrage clubs are not asleep."
A two day's mass-meeting will be held
in Mills' Tabernacle, Oakland, beginning
this afternoon at 3 o'clock. It is the forty
fifth mass-meeting that has been held in
the State during me last ihree months.
The meeting in the afternoon will be
opened by Rev. Mr. McLean, followed by
Mrs. fcargent, president of the State Suf
frage Association, who will speak re^ard
ing the political life of the suffragists.
Mury Garrett Hay will then take charge
of the meeting.
In the evening Senator Frank McGowan
from Humboldt, the suffrage banner
county, will speak, and be followed by
Miss Elizabeth Yale in a long address.
Saturday afternoon will be devoted to
the "question-box," which has been an
entertaining feature of all the suffrage
meetings. Miss Shaw will preside.
The evening will be devoted to reviews
of the wort and an address by Miss Shaw.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
MISS E. STRONG
RETURNS HOME
A California Artist Who
Has Achieved Fame
Abroad.
ART INSTITUTE MEDAL.
Why American Painters Used to
Be Snubbed in the Paris
Studios.
NOW THEY GET THE GLAD HAND
The Tariff Caused the Trouble— M ss
Strong Tells of French Country
Life.
Miss Elizabeth Strong, the California
artist who, for some years pajt, has
achieved fame in Europe and the East,
has just returned home for the first time
Miss Elizabeth Strong, the California .Artist Who Has Been Successful in Paris.
since she won the gold medal at the Art
Institute twelve years ago.
"It has been such a grief to me that I
lost my medal in my travels, in Paris, I
think," she said yesterday. "There were
three of us who studied in the art school
here together, and were all medalists —
Miss Matilua Lotz, Alexander Harrison
and myself. Harrison painted a picture,
"The Wave,' which made him famous,
and now he has quite a reputation in
Paris as a marine artist. Miss Lotz has
made a specialty of animals. I saw a
good deal both of her and of Mr. Harrison
in Paris."
Miss Strong saya she would scarcely
have known San Francisco it has changed
so much since she went away from here
after her graduation. It is her intention
to go almost immediately to Monterey,
where she will take a studio and work
till Christmas on landscapes and Spanish
subiects. She has a number of o rders to
execute,u te, one of them Being a large picture
for Colonel Albert A. Pope, which is to be
presented to the Algonquin Club, Boston.
Miss Strong thinks that she will make
this a distinctively California subject.
Speaking of her' life in Paris Miss Strong
said that she had found a marked differ
ence in the treatment given American art
ists since the removal of the tariff on
works of art. "The people over there re
sented the tariff tremendously and visited
their mdi nation on the American artists.
They were given no prizes till the law was
repealed and their pictures were not
treated witu much consideration. I re
member the Baroness de Rothschild re
sented the tariff so much that she did not
wish to be introduced to any American
artists. She paints very well herself and
is a member of the Society of Artists in
Water Colors. She never sells her pic
tures, but she objected to the tariff on
L-eneral principles, and though I knew a
number of her fri«nds she requested not to
m<"et me because I was an American."
During the summer Miss Strong used to
rent a large house, about sixteen miles
from Paris, near RombailJe forest, where
she had horses, dogs, sheep and all kinds
of other domestic animals, for subjects to
paint. The country around is so beautiful
that it is called the Switzerland of France
and a large number of famous French
families have chateaux in the neighbor
hood. None of the members of these
families felt any resentment against
American artists on the score of the tarifi,
exceit the Baroness de Rothschild, and
Miss Strong and Miss Matilda Lotz, who
painted in another village near the forest,
visited all the time in a pleasant uncere
monious way at the different castles.
"We used to see a deal of the
Duchess de Luynes, who is about the rich
eat and noblest lady in France, and who
paints very well herself. The Baroness de
Meneval's was another house where we
visited a great deal. Her husband, who
had been aid-de-camp to Napoleon 111,
used to paint a great deal, oh! very badly,
but he enjoyed getting us to criticize his
pictures. Miss Lotz and I generally dined
with them every Sunday, and he would
want our opinion of what he had painted
during the week.
"But the Baroness de Kothschild would
not have anything to say to vs — all be
cause of the tariff. She has a beautiful
place, which she designed hersplf, and in
the grounds are the ruins of an old abbey,
with all the arches still standing, though
the windows are gone. She told a frienJ
one day to bring me over to see it, but that
was when she had gone to Paris herself.
You see, her feeling just illustrates the
feeling that prevailed on the subject in
Parisian art circies. A.U that is gone now,
however, and American artists are treated
charmingly in France."
For eight successive years Miss Strong
exhibited in the Paris Salon and sold her
pictures mostly to Americans, a number
of her works now being in New York, Bos
ton and Washington. During the winter
she generally worked with some famous
artist or in some of the art schools, to
study s-ome one or other specialty of her
work. Figures she studied with Colin,
heads with Mosler, and she also worted
with Barrisr. Henry Mosler she considers
t" be one of the most distinguished artists
which America has produced. He is the
only one who has tiie honor of having a
picture in the Luxnmbourg Gallery, and
though honors have been heaped upon
him in France he has returned to New
York to make his career there.
When Miss Strong first returned to
America she went to Boston, where the
St. Bantolph Club offered her its rooms
for an exhibition of her paintings. Since
then she has been kepi busy with orders,
but the desire to revisit California
finally became too strong to be resisted,
and now she is deliberating whether she
shall not devote herself, for a time at
least, to distinctively Californian subjects.
TOLD IN A WHISPER.
Why Judge Campbell Threw a Case Out,
of Court.
Policeman Tuite met with a setback
from Judge Campbell yesterday. He had
Mrs. Nellie White up for vagrancy. She
testified that she had gone into a saloon
on Third and Howard streets to look for
her husband when Tuite arrested her.
She denied being a vagrant.
Tuite was placed on the stand and the
Judge asked him if Mrs. White had ever
been up before. Tuite hesitated and Po
liceman Murphy, who was close beside
birr, whispered 'something in his ear.
"Yes," said Tuite; "she was up in Judge
Conlan's court last week."
Mrs. White's attorney jumped up and
said he had heard Murp y whisper to
Tuite to say that she had be*>n up in
.Judge Conlan's court and it was unfair to
the defendant to make such a statement.
Tuite attempted to deny the attorney's
charge, but Judee Campbell cut him short
by throwing the case out of court.
MINNIE O' GRANDY LOVER
Frank McNeil Will Be -Held
for Slashing Frank Ran
kin's Face.
McNeil Is the Man Who for Months
Persecuted Mrs. Merillicn of
Pine Stre3t.
The preliminary examination of Frank
McNeil, charged with assault to murder
upon Frank Eankin, theatrical manager,
was concluded before Judge Campbell
yesterday morning.
Rankin had been pa} T ing his addresses
to Miss Minnie O'Grady, the handsome
daughter of Mrs. O'Grady, who keeps a
grocery and saloon on the corner of Na
torna and Mary streets. He called upon
her on Saturday night, May 22, and re
mained till after 1 o'clock Sunday morn
ing. As fie was leaving the place McNeil,
who was a boarder with Mrs. O'Grady, at
tacked him with a razor, slashing him
across tbe face end cutting the point of
his nose off, which was stitched on at tbe
Receiving Hospital. Rankin will bear an
ugly scar on his face all his life.
McNeil disappeared after the cutting but
was arrested about a week afterward. No
motive could be ascribed for tbe attack.
Miss O'Grady indignantly denying that
McNeil had been paying his addresses to
her.
Attorney Gallagher for the defendant
argued that the charge should be reduced
to assault with a deadly weapon, as it bad
not been shown that McNeil had any mur
derous intention. Attorney Long for the
propecution argued to the contrary, and
the Jndge reserved his decision until to
day as to whether he would hold McNeil
to answer for assault to murder or assault
with a deadly weapon.
McNeil is a painter by trade and gained
considerable notoriety two or three years
ago by persecuting the wife of Ralph
Merillion, 291^ Pine street. He had been
empioyed to do some work on the house
and became infatuated with Mrs. Merillion.
He dowered her wherever she went and
repeatedly attempted to force his way into
the house during her husband's absence.
His persecution became so obnoxious
that Mrs. Merillion complained to her
husband and he fired several snots at Mc-
Neil on one occasion, but missed him.
McNeil was arrested several times, but he
did not stop his unweicome attentions to
the lady till several months had elapsed.
To Annul a Marriage.
August Biderbost began a suit yesterday
against Caroline Biderbost (nee Zumoberhaus)
for annulment of marriage. The parties were
joined in wedlock on October 28, 1895, by Rev.
P. Leo Bruener. For over a year previous to
the ceremony Biderbost was not in San Fran
cisco. On April 23 last Mrs. Biderbost became
the mother of a cirl baby whose paternity the
husband disclaims. He consequently asks
that the marriage contract be annulled.
TEACHERS` COUNCIL
TO BE ORGANIZED
A Movement to Benefi
the Public School
System.
MR. MURDOCH'S IDEA.
All the City Institutions of
Learning to Be Repre
sented.
INDORSED BY THE MEMBERS
The Plan as Outlined by the Origi
nator of the Scheme — Schools
Represented.
The members of the Board of Education
are considerine a measure, formulated by
Director MurdocK, that is expected to be
of vast importance to the department, as
well as of great assistance to the board in
its efforts to improve the public school
system of San Francisco.
Director Murdock has been working on
the plan for some time, and he has just
finished and submitted it to the other
members, who have all given it their un
qualified approval.
The scheme is fully set forth in the fol
lowing resolution, that is now in the
hands of Secretary Beanston, wbich will
be submitted to a meeting of the commit
tee to be neld soon:
Whereas, The best interests of the School
Department demand ihe hearty co-operation
of all of its friends, and the Board of Educa
tion, as a legislative body, needs the advice
and assistance of those who have intimate
knowledge of the schools Rnd their needs, be it
Resolved. That the public school teachers of
tbe City ot fc-an Francisco be invited lo assem
ble, as hereinafter provided, to elect members of
an organization to be known as "'The Teachers'
Council," which shall for the ensuing year be
considered as representing the teachers ol the
department.
The council shall organize on Saturday,
Auirusi 15, at 10 a. M., at the auditorium of
the Giris' llii»!i School, by the election by bal
lot of a president, three vice-presidents and a
secretary, who together shall constitute the
advisory board of the council.
Principals, vice-principals and class teachers
shall be eligible to membership in either coun
cil or advisory board. On the latter primary,
grammar and high schools shall each be rep
resented.
The council shall adopt its own by-laws and
rules conferring such powers on hs advisory
board as it sees fit and determining the fre
qency of meetings.
. It shall be theobject of the council to pro
mote in every way the welfare of the public
schools and to stimulate and strengthen the
efficiency of teaching. Through its advisory
board it shall make such recommendations to
the Board of Education as it duems desirable,
making suggestions as tocbanges in the course
of study or in the rules aiid regulations of the
board.
The advisory board shall consider and
promptly report on any matter referred to it
by tne Board of Education or the Superintend
ent, and shall generally advise with and aid
them in the discnarge of their official duties.
The first council shall consist of one member
to each ten classes, approximately, to be
elected as hereinafter provided. Thereafter its
meuiberiihip and method of election shall be
determined by the ouncil. Tne first election
shall be held on Friday, August 7, at 3 o'clock,
p. m., or as soon thereafter as the teachers may
assernb'e. If this day or hour Is not convenient
it may be arranged by me electors of oaoh
school or group of schools for their special con
venience.
The council membership at this election
shall be apportioned as follows, the election to
be held at the first school mentioned when
two or more Bchoolsare grouped. The prin
cipals shall certify to the result "to the secretary
of the Board of Education:
Apportionment— Agassiz 1, Bernal Heights
find Buena Vista 1, Broadway and Le Conte
2, Clement and Harrison 'i, Cleveland 1,
Cooper and Shermau 2, Denman and Spring
Valley 3, Everett and Edison 2, Emerson and
(joiden Gate 2, Fairmount 1, Franklin and
Stanford 2. Garfieid and Lafayette 2, Girls'
High 1, Henry Durrani 1, Haisrht 1, Haw
thorne 1, Hearst and Douglas 2, Hamilton and
Hamilton evening 2, Horace Mann and
Columbia 3, Humboldt 1. Irving and
Chinese 1, James Lick and Sheridan 2,
John Swett 2, Jefferson and Longfellow 2, Lin
coln and Lincoln evening 5, Lowell 1, Pacific
nvenue ami Madison 1, Marshall, Mission and
Monroe 2, Moulder 1, North Cosmopolitan 1,
Pacific Heights 1, Teabody 1, Polytechnic
High 1. Potrero. Hunters Point and Ocean
House 2, Uichmond and Laguna Honda, Red
ding 1, Rincon and South Cosmopolitan 2,
South San Francisco 1, Starr King 1, Washing
ton and Washington evening 2, Business even-
Ing 1, Sherman und Sutro 1, Whittier and West
End 2, Webster and South End 2. Total 75.
A similar movement, under the nam<
of the Teachers' Club, was made wtaih
John Swett was Superintendent of Schools
but through a failure to carry out th(
plans outlined by Secretary Beanston, th<
oreanization didnot flourish.
Mr. Murdock's idea will undoubtedly be
adopted, and it is expected to be of vast
beneiit to the department.
HE STOLE A RIG.
George A. Maaon, Alias Taylor, an Ex-
Convict, Sentenced.
A young man who gave the name of
George A. Mason was out at the Cliff
House Wednesday afternoon and iook it
into his head to drive off with a rig be
longing to William Gillespie. rie was ar
rested by Policeman W. M. Ross and
charged with driving off with a horse and
wa'/on belonging to another.
lie appeared in Judge Low's court yes
terday morning and pleaded guilty, saying
that he was drunk and did not know what
he was doing. Detective Bainbridge, who
happened to be in court, recognized Mason
as an ex-convict. Ma?on denied the al
legation and Bainbridge produced his
photo in the "rogues' gallery," which
settled the matter. Mason, under the
name of George Tavlor, in 1892 got eigh
teen months in tiie House of Correction
for grand larceny, and on June 16, 1894,
was sentenced to two years in San Quentin
for burglary.
The Judge then sentenced Mason, or
Taylor, to sixty days in tbe County Jail.
OFFICERS PROMOTED.
Au Interesting Meeting at the Snlva-
tion Array Headquarters.
For the second time within the history
of the Salvation Army on this coast there
was held a general promotion of officers last
night. Tbe meeting was an exceedingly
interesting one. After a couple of open
airs and a march the army repaired to
headquarters on Market street Brigadier
Keppe', assisted by Major Mclntre, led
the meeting.
Captain Fon Foo Sec, who was converted
NEW TO-DAT.
INFANT HEALTH
SENT FREE
$ A little book that shoul^ be in every i
''£, home. Issued by the manufacturers
I GaHßorden Eagle Brand !
| Condensed Milk
N. Y. Condensed Milk Co.
)/■ 71 Hudson Street, Hew York U
five years ago and now acts as the .briga
dier's private secretary, was promoted to
the rank of ensign. Captain Barnhart was
promoted to the rank of ensign and fare
welled for Corliss, Or., where she will take
command of the work. .Ensign Bull, who
jas charge of the Women's Training Gar
rison, was promoted to adjutant.
Captain Nelson was promoted to the
rank of ensign Captain "Wood and wife to
the rank of ensign ; Captain Evans to rank
of ensign; Captain Jackson to rank of en
sign; Lieutenant Fisher to rank of cap
tain; Cadet Fields to rank of lieutenant.
Captain Thompson and wife, Captain Wil
ber, Captain Maud Bigney and Captains
Anderson, Pauli, Gusuvison and" King
men were promoted to the rank of ensigns.
Lieutenants Young, Sheffield and Jones
were promoted to the rank of captains.
-Major Halpin, editor of the War Cry, and
wife, Mrs. Major Halpin, junior secretary
of the Pacific Coast Division, were fare
w lied .for the National headquarters,
where they will receive future appoint
ment. Ensign and Mrs. Taylor were ap
pointed to take charge of the work on this
coast. Brigadier Keppel. siarts in a few
days to attend the council 01 chief divis
ional officers held in New York City.
. — » — « —
SEEKS HEAVY DAMAGES.
.Result of an Accident to Mrs. Cusxie A.
Graham in a Four: h- Street Hard
ware-Store
A complaint will be filed in the Superior
Court to-day by H. G. Grant, attorney for
Mrs. Cassie A. Graham, 127 Fourth street,
claiming $15,000 damages for injuries re
ceived.
The defendants are P. E. O'Heir, hard
ware merchant, 135 Fourth street, and
Mrs. Hubbard of Sacramento, the owner
of the premises.
Mrs. Graham, on the afternoon of May
3, went to 0 Heir's store to make some
purchases. O'Heir asked her to step to
the rear of the store, which was almost
shrouded in darkness. O'Heir stood on
a platform ami pointed upward to a shelf
where some kitchen utensils were. She
took a step backward to look up at the
articles and disappeared down a steep
stairway leading to the basement.
She struck on the back of her head and
was seriously injured. Dr. Preston, who
has been attending her, express s the
opinion that she will be injured for life.
It is alleged that there was no light in
the rear of the store, and Mrs. Graham was
not warned to look out for the open stair
way. Attorney Grant says that efforts
have been made to compromise the mat
ter by O'Heir, but without success.
NEW TO-DAY.
Will!
A Princely Gift to the Worthy
Poor of San Francisco.
The Eminent Specialist, Doctor F. L.
Sweany, Offers Them Physical
Relief Absolutely Free — A Strong,
Vigorous, Healthy Manhood and
Womanhood Is Preferable to
Great Riches— Seek it This Day
and Be Happy.
The unfortunate and needy poor of this
city have a true friend and a genuine
benefactor in the person of the well-
known and popular specialist, Doctor
F. L. Sweany. On Friday afternoons of
each and every week he treats them, as
the gospel was once preached, without
money and without price. Out of
PUKE CHARITY
and kindness of heart he places his best
professional services at their disposal, his
only compensation being the sincere
praises and heartfelt gratitude that go out
from thousands of bumble homes, where
his name is a household word, and into
which he has carried the sunshine of joy
and renewed hope. Of course, the doctor
expects people of wealth and of moderate
means to pay for what they get, but the
destitute and deserving are never turned
away from his office without first having
an opportunity to obtain relief. He there-
fore extends a cordial invitation to the
poor as well as the rich. His specialty,
among other diseases, embraces the fol-
lowing:
Abscesses, Alcoholism, Astbma,Atrophy,
Biliousness, Bronchitis, Cancer, Cataract,
Catarrh, Constipation, Consumption, Dia-
betes, Diarrhoea, Dropsy, Dyspepsia, Ec-
zema, Emissions, Epilepsy, Erysipelas,
Gall Stones, Gleet, Gonorrhoea, Gout,
Gravel. Headache, Hydrocele, Hysteria,
Impotency, Influenza, Jaundice, Leucor-
rhea, Lost Manhood, Malaria, Masturba-
tion, Nervousness, Neuralgia, Obesity,
Paralysis, Piles, Pleurisy, Rheumatism,
Rupture, Scrofula, Sleeplessness, Steriiity,
Stricture, Syphilis, Tonsilitis, Tumors,
Ulcers, Vertigo.
Those who are suffering from any of the
above complaints, or from kindred com-
plaints, will not hesitate to make the most
of this
GOLDEN OPPORTUNITY
to taKe free treatment, to get well, which
means to every sick person a longer, hap-
pier and more prosperous life. Remem-
ber, the doctor welcomes the poor on .Fri-
day afternoons only. His regular office
hours for pay patients are from 9 to 12
A. M. and 2to 5 and 7toB P. M. ; Sundays
10 to 12 A. M. only. Address
I. L. UllLnlll, 111. U., Sau Francisco, Cal.
F. L. OIILHIII, Ifl. U., San Francisco. Cal.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Atlantic "^BSO,
Pacific
RAILROAD ifM^gf
Trains leave from and arrive *V&%*fp^^jMlßt&i
»i Market-Street Ferry. £"£(£ySF*o\iT^i
SANTA FE EXPKfclo
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 P. m.. carrying Pullman
l'alace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and tit. Louis. FE ROUTE EXCUK-
The Voun.ar 6a.nTA FE ROUTE EXCI R-
BIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new lies; no dust: Interesting scenery;
Hid good meals In Harvey's dining-room i.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle Itullillrip;.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via S-*u.«alito Ferry).
Worn Saa Francisco, comnv n Ing March 29b 1898.
WEEKDAYS.
for Mill Valley and Baa Rafael — 7:00. *8-00
•0:15 10:15, 11:45. A. M.: 1:15, 3:v.0, 4:15,
6:16. *h:0O. :35 p. if.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«lnts>
(lays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. -
Ik Jim Valley »nd San Rafad-»8:00, *9:00,
• •10:00, 11 a.m.; ••I*J:Bj. «i :30, •2:16, •4:00,
6:30, 6:45, 8:30 P. m. Extra trip to SautaiitoM
11:00 a. M.
Trains marked * run to Saa Quentin. **12i8t
P. x. does act run to Mill Valley. -
* THROUGH TRAINS.
1:45 p. if. weekdays— Cazadero and way station*
64)0 A. K. Sundays— Cazadero and way station* - ■
»;00 * v. Sunday*— Reyes ana way stolons
Malaria (Bad Air)
Yes, it. is bad air and you are
liable to draw it into your lungs
wherever you may bo during
the summer. You can't help
doing this, but you can prevent
the poisonous microbes of ma-
laria from feeding on your sys-
tem. How ? By killing them
with a pure stimulant, the best
and surest of which is
Duffy's Pure
Malt Whiskey
It is utterly impossible for the
germs of malaria to live when
they are combated by this great
and only medicinal whiskey.
This is positive, no matter what
interested druggists or grocers
may tell you.
Secure only the genuine.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION 11 RATES BY RAIL
T0....
pon.TijA.»rx3, OR.
FRIDAY .......".JUNE 12,
And Every Fifth Dnv Thereafter. •
Leave from 8. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
of Market st., at 8 p. m.
<h r A ft— lncluding Berth in Pullman Tour.
OOiUU Ist Sleeper.
....ALSO....
First-class tickets, including berth In CM /YOO
Pullman Standard (Sleeper. . (IDi-U— .
S ( -" r " '. N VTtC*5.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on p*v
gengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets ba
sold or baggage ehecke 1 10 such points.
f&- Through '.tickets for l'usi»t Sound
Points on Sale at Reduced Kato-t.
Tor further information a ply at
613 MARKET MKKKT (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, T. H. GOODMAN,
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agfa
SOTDTIIKBN i>A<:IFIG <OMPA.\t.
(PACIFIC SVSTI'.M.)
Tralaa leave niiil <»v«- ilim' <o jii-ilvr nt
NAN I'UAMilNi'O.
.WE — Fbom Jcke7, 1S:>O. — Annivg
"*8:OOa Niles, San Joso and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7:«» a Atlantic lOxprers, Ogilcu and I'.ast.. *•■!.%»
7:00 a .Benicia, Vacaville, Kurcs-y. Sacra*
mento, Oroville and Reddins vis
Davis 6:45p
7:00 a Martinez, San Riraon, >'api, Calis-
tosa ami Santa liO3a 6: 15
8::ioa Niios, Sau Joso, Htnckton, lone.
Sacramento, Marvsvillu and I'e.:
lilnir ««1B»
•S:3oa Peters and Milton # 7:15p
9:<»«A Lcs Angeles Express. Fresno, Santa
Barbara and I. oh Augules 4:4.tp
O:OOa Martinez and Stockton 1 1 : !•"» a
9:OOa Vallejo O:13p
l:OOp Niles, San Jose and Llrcnucre 8:43 a
•I:OOi> Sacramento River Steamers »O:OI>p
tl:3op Port Coeta and Way Stations -rT:4»r
4:OUx- Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Naiia, Calistoga, Jil Verauo t-nc.
Santa Rosa ilsa
*jOOp Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Liming, Marysvil!^
Oi'ovillu and Sacramento 10: 15 A
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Livenuoro and
Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Merced. Berenda, Raymond (for
Yosemitc) and Fresno 11:45 a
3:o©i- New Orleans Knpresa.l'resuo.Bakers.- '■
<ield, Santa I>arbara,l.ng Aiigelce,
iteming, Xl I'aso, New Orleans and
East.... 10:13 a
Si6of Santa I'o Route. Atlantic Express
forMojave and East..... 10:13 a
5:00p Vallejo 11:45 a
O:O(»i- r.uropean Mail, O^'loii and Kant.... 9:4."» A.
6:0« - Il;iyiviir<la, Nllea ami San Jose ~:I5a
17:00 1- Vallejo 17:4Sp
7:00p Oregon Kxpvess.Sarranieuto, Wurj's-
villo, TteiMliiijV Portland, Pnget
Sound and l^at 10;43a
SANTA <:UIIZ IUVI-IHM (.Narrow <i:ing<).
" 17:43 a Santa Cruz Excursion, fcanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations }8:65*
8:15 a No\vark,Oeiitervillu,Hnn.loße,Felton,
Boulder Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations BisOp
•Bslsp Newark, Ce-.iiervillc, San.loso, New
Almaden, Felton, Bonldsr Creek,
IHauta Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «Ili2oa
1 1:13 p Newark. San Jose and l,n« <iat03.... •?l>:. r SO.\
COAST DIVISION (Ililnl & lihtiimiiil Ms.)
*6:4»ASan JOM ami Way Stalious (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) , •••SO*
)7:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations }S: 33p
8:13 a San Jon-, Tr< J'inns, Hanta Cruz.
Vacilic Grow. Paso Rubles, Sac
/.iilh Oliispo, GiiaUalnpe and Piin-
tfpal Wny Stations 7:05 r
19:47 a Palo Alto and Way Stations fl»3op
|V:IOa .Sau Jose and Wiiy Stations 3:o(>p
11:30 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations 3:30p
•2:3<»r San Mateo, Munlo Park, San Jose,
Gilroy, Tres Pinos, Santa <.'m;,,
Salinas,Montcrcy nnd I'acilicOrovo *10:40 a
•3::ioi- San Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
Stations 9:47 a
*4:3oi> San Jo3ean.l Way Stations *H:OOa
3:3oi> San Jnso and Principal Way Stations •8:-l«t.\
C:;jOr San Jose and Way Stations O:!S3a
tll:43l- San Josmnul Wav Stations 17:43 i-
SAN litJA>l>KO AM» im'HAIUH i.iMIAI/.
i»0:O0a"| ( 7:13 a
8:00 a I i9:43a
lO.'oSa Melrose, Seminary P.rk, ] s?;tSi
fl e-S»P i Fitchbnrg,SanLf«.lro »"*8
»:oOp - d 4:45p
•l:OOp r 1 5:45p
O:OOp Haywards 6:i.ip
«:3Op nayvrarus. j 7 . 13p
7:«>op J x R:4sp
8:00p ._ ' ' . . „,, 9:45p
O:OOp * Runs through to Nilea. j i r»op
>tll:lsp^ tFromNUes. I tU2:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SAR FHIHCISCO — Foot of Mirket Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0.00 11:00 a.m. Jl:03 »2:33 t3:CC
•4:00 ta:OO • *6:00p.u.
'ramOAHAND— Foot of Broad — •6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:00 *l:00 12:00 »3:00 tl:OC
•j:0Ql-.M.
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
4 Sunday* excepted. t Saturdays only
} Sundays only.
ft Monday. Thursday and Saturday nigilts only.
% Saturdays nnd hinndays fo' Pnnta Crez.
SMFRISCISCO & IVORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
'Vf.-'. V ■ ■"■• ■■ .-t ■■'-■"•■
Tiburon rerry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 13:35,
3:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. M. Thnrsdavs-Extra trip
at 11:30 p. x. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11 :30 P. m.
BCNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK , D AYS - 6:15 ' 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. m-
-1 2-.46, 3 :40, 5 :10 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
6UNDA^S— 7:3S, 9:oc, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:4 a
6:00, 6:25 P. ii.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park sam«
. schedule as above.
Ban Francisco. j[° ££ ec^ San Arrive
San Francisco. A p, ( i £ San Francisco.
Wekk I Bujt- ueJi'nat'ioi. Snsr- I Week"
Days. | days, destination. DAYa j Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Novato, 10:40 ax 8:40"ah
8:30 pm 9:30 am PeCaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 AM -
-6:10 pm 6:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
I Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsbur;;,
Geyserville,
3:30 PM 7:30 ah ClOverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
i Picca, — ~~~ '
7:30 am Uopland & 10:10 am
3:30 pm i 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7:30 am j 10:10 am
,7:30 am Guernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm I |_ 6:18 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 110:10 am, S :4oam
6:10 pm 5:00 pm and 6:05 ex 6:13 pm
! | Glen Kllen.
7:30 am 7:Hoam| gebastODOl 1 10:40 am 10:10~am
3:30 pmj 5:00 pm] ; 6:05 pm 6 :15pm
suites connect at Santa Rosa for Marie West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skasgs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers: at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay and i.akeporf at
Hoplnnd for Lakeport and Bart Springs; at
Ukiah for Vichy Hoi-Ings, Saratcgi Springs. Blu<»
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake. Upper Lnice. Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, I.lerley a, Bucknell's, San-
hedrin Heights, Hnllville. Booneville. Green
wood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mcndocluo City, Fort
Brass, ■ Westpors, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto. "Covelo.
Laytonviile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. *
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points bo-
fond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldlna.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
(ieu. ilanager. ; Oen. Pass. Ageob
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Wheat Futures advanced.
Barley weak. Oats. Corn and Rye dull.
Feedstuff* unchanged.
Hay firmer.
No change in Beans.
Increased shipments of Flour.
Larger exports Of Breadstuffs.
Potatoes and Onions easy.
Vegetables weak.
Fruit sells well.
Poultry cheap and weak-
Ranch Eggs firm.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
Provisions as before.
Increased exports fiom this port.
EXPORTS OF BKEADSTUrrS.
Exports of Flour from this port during the first
eleven mouths of the crop year were 874,834 bar
rels against 838,828 barrels during the same
period last year. Reducing this Flour to Wheat
and addin? it to the exported wheat we have total
exports of Win- at during the first eleven months of
12,552,5^0 centals, valued at 813.058,650, against
11,001,500 centals, valued at $9,648,500. during 1
the samo lime last year.
PRODUCE EXPORTS.
Exports of produce and merchandise from this
port during the first five months of 1896 were
$13,860,600, against $11,286,000 during the same
time in 1895, and 310.335,700 in 1894. Of this
year's exports, $4. ) 47,200 went to Great Britain,
|1,2*8,800 to New York, $1,386,000 to the Ha
waiian Islands, $1,807.0011 to Japan, $1,742,000 to
Australia, and $1,470,800 to Central America.
Explanation.
Tim arrow fllea with th« wind. The top figures
at station Indicate maximum tempt rat 11 for the
lays; tho^e underneath it. if any, the •mount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huiidrediha,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
liaes, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "hleh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair we&tbe?: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by cloaily weather and rains.
"Lows" rsually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coa-<t, rain is probable; i
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of j
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is improb- I
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho', and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
Weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
will produce an opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United Status DKPABTMKNT of AGKICn.
ti-rk. Wkathkk Bureau, San Fbascisco, Juue
11, 1896. 5 P. M.— Weather conditions and general
forecast:
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date as
compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.90, last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71; *au Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 8.16, last season 14,67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, last season 26.04; Los Angeles 9.35,
lav seusou 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
12.20: Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 60, Red Bluff 96, San Francisco 66,
Fresno 102, San Luis Obispo. 88. Los Angeles 94,
San lii.-i.-o 80, Yoma 116.
San Francisco data-Maximum temperature 66,
minimum 55. mean no.
The pressure is highest this evening in Eastern
Idaho and Wyoming, and lowest in Southern Ari
zona and Central California. A lroui;h-like de
pression extends from southern Arizona through
the interior valleys of California into Oregon. The
pressure Is Increasing on the Northern Ca iforiiia
coast. I>ecldedls' warm weather prevailed in the
Pacific Coast States, except along the Northern
California. Oregon and Washington coasts, it has
become cooler in the vicinity of San Francisco,
and will become cooler dnriir,' the next twenty
four hours along the coast from ."-an Francisco
northward. The temperatures in the interior of
California to-day have ranged from 96 at Red
Bluff to 116 at Yuma. At Los Angeirs the tem
perature reached 94 this afternoon. It hns been
the warmest day thus far this season throughout
the interior of Calliornia. Cooler weather is anti
cipated in the interior of California Friday night
and Saturday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. Jane 12. 1896:
Northern California— Fair. Friday ; becoming
cooler in the interior Friday night; brisk to high
westerly im's along the coast.
southern California— Fair, Friday; cooler along
the coast Friday afternoon; fresh northerly to
westerly winds.
■ Nevada— Friday.
Utah — Fair: somewhat warmer Friday.
Arizona— Fair, Friday: continued high tempera
tures. •
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair, Friday: brisk
to high westerly winas in the afternoon; probably
fog Friday night.
W. H. Mammon, Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 11.— failure of
any sensational rumors current yesterday to ma
terialize led to a general covering movement at
the Stock Exchange to-day and the market was
strong from start to finish. The circulation of re
ports yesterday, which led to the needless sacrifice
of small holders, was hot discussed. It can be
stated that the matter cannot be permitted to rest
there, either, and a ready an investigation is on
foot with the obje t of bringing the instigators of
the alee reports before the governing committee
of the- Stock Exchange. Two members of the
hoard are under suspicion, and every effort will be
made to probe the whole thing to the bottom.
There were no traces of yesterday's weakness at
the opening of the market this morning and
prices immediately opened Vi''3t 3/*3 /* percent higher.
This checked selling for the long account and
frightened the shorts inio covering. But little
Stock was forthcoming at the advance and the
bears were compelled to come in the market and
bid for securities. Under this process prices grad
ually lifted, and at the close the whole list snowed
gains or anywhere from 14 to 2 per cent.
Commiss on-houscs were in receipt of fairly
large orders, the first in weeks past, yesterday's
breaks having attracted outside business. The
main factor in bringing out the change for the bet
ter was the statements by people alleged to have
close connection with the McKiniey combination
that the St. Louis Convention will come out
strongly In favor of sou no. money In the platform
to be adopted next week. J. P. Morgan a'so came
out with an interview In which he dwelt upon the
necessity for an out and out gold plank. Mr. Mor
gan stated that in this event European capital
would be again Invested here. The belief that but
* little gold will be shipped this week stimulated
purchases. London had a rumor that there will be
large shipments of the metal from New York
shortly. Local exporters, however, know nothing
about it and said that everything hinged on the
position taken by the political parties at St. Louis
and Chicago
Tne adjournment of Congress and the favorable
Government crop report induced some buying for
the long account. The greatest gains were made
by sugar, the grangers. Louisville and Nashville,
the South westerns. Tennessee Coal and Iron. As
a rule tt.e best figures were current in the final
transactions. Manhattan .vas weak on the leasing
of the Fourth-avenue hors car line to the Metro
politan Traction Company. Net changes show
gains of i/t@2 percent outside of Manhattan,
which lost % per cent. Chicago '.real Western
common, just listed, sold at 534©75/ 8 . Total sales
were 185,000 shares.
. Bids were higher. Sales were 250,000. Chi
cago and Northern Pacific fives certificates ail
FINANCIAL..
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
VvnbcLuCK & CO.,
4 Leldesdorff St., Tel. Main 1954
BRANCH OFFICE
623 Market St., Pal ace Hotel. Tel. Main 5828
J. S. PUIIUY. Manager.
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo-
tations. Reference Ist National JLSanK, H. F.
CHiCAUU PKlVAlii WIKK. Ht^W YUUK.
vanced 1% to 42%, Kansas and Texas sec onds
to 57, Oregon improvement consul lives certffi
cat°3 1 to 16, Dcs Moines and Fort Dodge first
fours 1 to 88. Texas Pacific firsts ly» to 8, do
seconds 1% to 20*4, Wisconsin Central fives cer
tificates I/*I /* to 33.
Grain.
FLOUR — Unchanged, quiet, unsettled. Rye
flour quiet, easy, unchanged.
COhNMEAL- Unchanged.
RYE— Unchanged.
BARLEY— Nominal.
.BARLEY MALT— Unchanged.
WHEAT— DuII, stronger with options, f. o. b.,
72% c; ungraded red, 53®73c; No. 1 Nortnern,
678/±c
Options were active and excited, very irregular
and iy4@V»c higher, following the West, good • for
eign buying and free covering of shorts with bad
reports abroad. September, July and December
most active. No. 2 red June, 64S/ 8 c: July, 64%-:
August, 63% c; September. 64c; .December, 65% c.
CORN — Dull, easier; No. 2, 33V*c, elevator:
34i,4 c afloat.
Options were dull and steady at y^c decline on
easier cables, fine weather and local realizing.
July and September most active; June. SIV4C;
July, 34c: August, 84% c; September, 35c.
OATS— Quiet, easier.
Options dull, easier. June, 22c; July, 22%*-
Spot prices: .No. 2, 24Vi<": >•<*• 2 white, *4Vfcc;
No. 2 Chicago, «3c; No. 3. 24V£c: No. 3 white,
231/ic: mixed Western. 289340; white Western
and white Mate, -s(ij)-Bc.
FEED BRAN— Unchanged. 55@60c
MlDDLlNGS— Unchanged, 6U(stS&c
RYE— Unchanged: freu.tiUc.
Provisions.
BEEF— DuII: family, $8 50@9: extra mess.
$6@7: beef hams, inactive, *14 60: tierced
beef, firm and quiet; city extra India mess, *11@
;2; cut meats, firm, quiet; pickled bellies, la
pounds, 4@4y 8 c; do shoulders, 4i4@4V 2 c; do
hams, 9i,i(g.93 4 <\
LARD— Quiet; firmer; Western steam, $4 45;
city, $4 05@4 10; July, $ 4 50. Refined, quiet,
firmer; continent, $4 35; South American, $5 10;
compound. 4@41.4c.
FORK-Quiet, firm; old mess, $8 26@S 50: new
mess, $8 75.
i BUTTER— Moderate demand; state datrv. 10®
15c; do creamery. ll@lsy c: do factory. 8@llc;
Western dairy, 8©ll%c: i-lglns, 15<&15y 2 c; imi
tation creamery, lU(#r2c.
CHEE.-E-Fair demand: steady: State large,
s^i@6S4c; do small, new, 6@7c: part skims new,
2(a,4y 2 c; full skims. IV-'C.
KGUS— Quiet; fairly steady : Stale and Pennsyl
vania, 12fajl2y s c; Western fresh, ll@12c: do per
case. $2@3.
TALLOW — Quiet: nominal; city. 3i4@3y a c:
country, 31,4 c.
COTTONSEED OIL — Dull; nominal: crude,
20V3C: yellow prime, 24%@25c; off grades, 24'4@
26c
RESIN — Steady; strained, common to good,
$1 70@l 721^.
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady: 25^@26c.
POTATOES — Steady, fair demana; Southern,
75c@!«3 50: old, 75c@$l.
RlCK— Quiet; steady: Domestic fair to extra,
3@sS4<j.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, good to choice, 27@37c .
COFFEE— Active 5 points up to 5 points down;
June. $12 05; July, $11 60@1170; Auf.uu, $ li 10:
September. $10 70@10 76: October. $10 30; De
cember, $10 10. (spot Rio, steady; No. 7, 10149.
SUGAR— Raw, dull, steady; lair refining,
3 5-16 c: centrifugals, 96 test, 3 l-16c. Retined,
quiet, unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, By-><aioc
PEACHES— PeeIed, %* tt>, 12@13c; do nnpeeled.
5i 2 SBc.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. sc. '
RAISINS— 3i4@3S/ 8 c; do three
crowu, 4©4i4c: do lour-crown, 4i/^(issc; do London
layers, 90c@$l. V*
HOPS— State common to choice, 2%@Bc; Pa
cific Coast. 2 (§.7c
WOOL— Steady; domestic fleece, 15@21c; pulled,
15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Pin IRON — Moderate demand; American,
*10 76®13.
COPPER-Firm: lake. 811 50.
LEAD— Flat; domestic. $3.
TIN-Firmer: straits. $13 30@13 40.
PLATES— Quiet.
bPELTEK— DuII; domestic $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MAKKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, June 11.— Although the Govern- ]
ment report by its bearish character proved a sur
prise to the trade In wheat, it was not followed by
any undue excitement in the market this morn
ins. The opening was somewhat wild, but busi
ness became quieter shortly afterward, prices
usually showing a depreciation from yesterday.
The Cincinnati Price Current reported but little
change in the winter wheat condition. On cover
ing by shorts, who were satisfied with their profits,
most of the early loss was restored to prices.
Liverpool cables were weak and Vad lower. Re
ceipts at Chicago were fifteen cars, and 156,999
bushels were taken from store. The Northwest
had 419 cars, aganist 427 last Thursday and 207 a
year ago.
The inclination to sell became very pronounced
about the middle of the session and weakness
again assail e.i the market, prices declining below
the opening. Closing Paris cables were higher and
Berlin and Antwerp lower. Export clearances
were lWht at 194,295 bushels. In tee last half
hour the market became a. runaway affair, prices
bulging 3c inside of ten minutes and breaking
back lc in a twinkling. The erratic action was
due entirely to the oversold condition of the pit,
although French crop damage was mentioned in
connection with the bulge. July wheat opened
from 56y 8 to 56% c, sold between 55Vz and 58VaC,
closing at 37%@u7J^c, a shade over yesterday.
Estimated receipts for to-morrow, 14 cars.
Corn took its inspiration from wheat and was
easy, but not active. he Cincinnati Price Cur
rent stated that the promise for the next crop was
generally maintained. Receipts this morning fell
191 cars below the estimate, only 309 arriving.
Liverpool cables were quiet and steady. With
drawals from store amounted to 349, bushels.
Export clearances were light at 72.077 bushels.
This market took no part in the flurrying action 1
of wheat, but held quiet and firm when the excite
ment was at its greatest. Corn opened nt 28 3 /4 c,
sold between 2SV2C and 29c, closing at 28% c, un
changed from yesterday. Estimated receipts for |
to-morrow 365 cars.
OATS— The Government report on oats con
firmed the generally acceptnd belief that this
grain was in an encouraging position, and that, i'
present conditions be maintained, the crop will be
an extraordinary one. The one of the market to- I
day was weak on the report mentioned and In sym
pathy with wheat and corn. Receipts were 248
car-*, and 173.020 bushels were taken from store.
Export clearances amounted to 114,439 bushels.
July oats closed i4(g,3/sc under yesterday. Esti
mated receipts for tomorrow 237 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 80Vbc; July, 81c
asked; September, 81c bid. Receipts were seven
cars.
PROVISIONS— Another big ran of hogs weak
ened the market at the yards and in turn imparted
an easier impulse to provisions. The buying was
good, however, and prices d.d not suffer materi
ally. offerings were insufficient to satisfy the In
ouiry. and later In the session an. improvement
took place throughout the list. July porlc closed
12y 2 e higher, July lard 10@*12y a c higher and July
ribs 1 3c higher.
BUTTER— The butter market was inactive and
steady to-day. Offerings were fair and the de
mand moderate.. Creameries— Extras, 14i,<jc;
firsts, 13 @ 14c: seconds, iO@l2c; Imitations,
fancy, 12c Dairies— Extras, 12;'; firsts, lie;
seconrts, 9c. Ladles— Extras. 10@10y 2 c; firsts,
Bya@3c; packing stock, >•<■■. roll, 6a»Tc
EGGS— supplies of eggs were greatly in excess
of the demand. The feeling was easy. Fresh stock
9c per dozen.
MONEY— Was 5@«5% on call and 6« on
time loans. .New York exchange sold at 65c
premium.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT— June. 57% c; July, 57%@57y»c;
September, 58S/BC.
CORN— 2714 c; July, 27% c; Septem
ber, 28 %c.
OA'ls— July. IV3/ B (§il7y2c; September, 17»4.c.
PORK— July, 3.7 22y a ; September, $7 37y 3 .
LARD— JuIy, 84 221/2: September, *4 37i, 3 .
itliib— July, 90. sepiemoer, $4 02V 3 .
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, li,^, June 11. — The
receipts of cattle were light, and there was a good
demand. Prices were strong to a shade higher.
The run of hogs was large, and. although there
was a good demand, prices declined sc. Tne feel-
Ing was weak. Tne sheep market was steady.
CATTLE — ReceiDts. 9500. Fancy beeves,
30@4 40: ccoice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
slurs, $4 05'c.4 25: good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds. $3 B.V<£4: medium steers, 1000
to 1 600 pounds, $3 65(0,3 8!): common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 40(3)3 60: leeders.
800 to 1200 pound*. S3 36@3 85; common to choice
stocKers. $2 90&3 35; bulls, choice to extra, $2 HO
(nil 25; cows and heifers, extra, $3 50@4; cows,
lair to cbolce. $2 25613 25: cows, common to fair x
canners'. $1 60&£ 20: calve.), common to good $3(3
b 26; Texas fed steers. S3 15@3 50; Texas grass
steers, $3 15@3 60: Texas cows and bulls. $2 10©
295; milkers and springers, per head, 820@36;
common to choice siockers, *2 65(a3 45: bulls,
choice to extra, $2 80(^3 00; bulls, poor to cnoice,
$2 0O&2 75: calves, good to choice. 84 75@5 25.
HOGS— Receipts. 40,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $2 95((43 15: common to choice
mixed. S2 95Ca>3 30: choice assorted. $3 40&3 45
-light, $3 0 J®3 45; pigs, $2 50&3 46. -
SHEEP— Receipts. s*ooo. interior to cnoice,
12&4; lambs, $2£6 20
CALIFORNIA FKUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Ili», June 11.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit in the Union Auction
to-day, at the following prices: Plums— Clyman,
$1 45@2 per half crate; St. Catherine, $1 75;
Royal Hatlve, $1 55; Cherry, 65c. Apricots—
Royal, $1 30@l 75 per half crate; Golden This
sell, $1 65. Peaches— Alexander, $1 20(i*l 65 per
box; Gfirland, $1 40@l 45. Cherries — Royal
Anne, »I@l 40 per box; Biacß Republican, 90c®
$1 25: Centennial, 70c@$l 15; May Duke, $1;
Tartarian. 90c
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit as follows: Plums — Clymans
$1'26@190; St. Catherines, $1 40@l 55: Cherry!
40c@$l 50. Peaches— Alexanders, 90c@$l 65.
Apr.COts— Royals, $1 06@l 56; Newcastles, 90c@
$1 15. Cherries— Royal Annes, 65c(a$l 50;- Re
publicans. 95'@$1 20; Centennials, 70<&y6c
VOP.K, N. V., June 11.-1 be Karl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Union Auc
tion . to-diiy, realizing the following prices: her
ries—Black artarian, 50c@$l 20 per box; Hlnrk
Bigarreaii. 60c©81 10: Governor Wood. t>s<&9sc.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-davat open auction
California cherries us follows: Cherries— Assorted,
$1 10@2: Kockpor.s. $l@l 40; Centennials and
Eagles, $I@l 35; Bigarreaus, 85c@$l 35: Gov
ernor Woods, f:Oc<a-$l 15; Tartariaus, 75c@Sl 15;
Purple Guignos, 80@90c.
BOSTON, Mass., June 11.— Porter Bros, sold to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
day at open auction California cherries as follows:
Tariarians (weak condition), $1 25.*,
NEW YORK STOCKS.
i I'.omls, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
' Money on call easy at 1%@2%; last loan a: '1%
and closing ofFered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper.
4y 2 @6%. Bar silver, 68 Vie. Mexican 1 dollars,
6»%c. Sterling Exchange is firm, with actual
business in bankers' Dills at $4 87% for
sixty days and $4 , 88Vi@4 88y 2 lor demand.
Posted rates, $4 BS@4 89. Commercial bills,
$4 86*4@4 87. Government bonds were firm;
state bonds dull: railroad bonds higher. j Silver a:
the board was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel A Cable.... SOVa'Norfolk A Westrn. 4
Atcbison 14S»I Preferred 9%
Preferred......... "i 1 Northern Pacific. 46^
Adams Express 147 Preferred.. 141/2
Alton, Terre Haute bO Northwestern 1023/8
American ExpressllO Preferred 146y 2
American 65 IN. Y. Central 831,4
Preferred 97 N.Y.,Chicago&*.L. 12%
BayStateGas 26%; Ist preferred 76
Baltimore A Ohio.. 17% 'zA preferred 31
Brunswick Lands.. 2 N. Y.AN.H 175
Buffalo, Koch AP. 19 N. Y. A New Eng. 4.01&
Canada Pacific... 61% N. V.. Susq A \V... H
Canada southern.. 493,4 Preferred..... 231/4
Canton Land B Ontario.. 12
Central Pacific... 14 Ontario A Western 14
dies. & Ohio 1 51,4 Oregon Improvraut %
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred —
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, 15. A a... 77 Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicago AE. 111... 41 Pacific Mail 24
Preferred. 99 Peorla, D. A Evans IVi
Chicago Gas 67% Pittsburg A W. pfd 15
CleveA I'iltsbnrg..l63 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..167
Consolidation Coal. 33 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Gas.. 163% Preferred 14
C. C. C. A St. Louis Reading 3 A
Preferred. 82 KioGrandeAWestn 16
Colo. Fuel A Iron.. 25% Preferred... 40
Preferred 100 .Rock Island 69%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome \Vat&Ogden.ll6
Commercial Cable. 3so St. L. A S. W 4Vs
Del. Hudson ,12-U/i Preferred 9Va
Del.LackAWestrn.l6oV»St. Paul 78
Denver A R. G 12 Preferred. 126*4
Preferred.. 46% St. Paul A Dulnth. 2-'
Distillers.. 16% Preferred 86
General Electric... 32i/i!st. Paul A Omaha. 41%
Erie 14V* Preferred 124%
Preferred 34 ;St. P. M. A M 113
Fort Wayne 163 silver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfdllS Southern Pacific... 18%
Greenßay Southern R. R..... £Vs
Hi.rlem 295 j Preferred 28y 8
Hocking C0a1..'.... 1% Sugar Refinery 1231/2
Hockins Valley.... 16 I Preferred 10*3,4
Homestake. S3 Term. Coal A Iron. 22%
H. & Texas Cent... Preferred 90
Illinois Central 92 Texas Pacific 7%
.lowa Central 8 iToI.A.A.A N.Mich.
Preferred 33\4T01. A Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas A Texas... 10% Preferred 70
Preferred 23% Tol.St.LouisA K.C. 5
Kingston A Peni... 3 Preferred &
Lake Erie A Westn 18 Union Pacific 7
Preferred 70 U. P. Den & Gulf.. 2y 3
Lakesnore 18a U. S. Cordage 5Vs
Nation?.! Lead 241/4! Preferred 10
Preferred 8S I Guaranteed 10%
Long Island 76 V. S. Express 40
Louisville* Nash. 49y U. S. Leather 1814
Louisville NailtCh 8% ! Preferred 33
Preferred 19 |U. a Rubber. 19%
Manhattan C0n501.1033/ 8 ] Preferred « (11 /i
Memphis & Cnaris. 16 jrtica AB. River.. 150
I Mexican Central... 9%l\Vab. b. L. A Pac. ti%
Mlchipa i Central.. 95 I Preferred 17
Minn A at. Wells-Fargo 96
t're'erred......... | Western Union. ... e(5 3 /g
Minn & St. Lcom. 16% Wisconsin Central. 1%
Ist preferred 7b | Wheeling AL. E.. 9%
3d preferred 46 < Preferred 33
Missouri Pacific. 21% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 6454
Mobile* Ohio 21 W. U. 8eef......... 8
Nashville A Chatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8%
National Linseed.. 15% Preferred.......... 22
N. .1. Central JO'% Brooklyn Traction. 233/ i
North American... 5 [Erie 2d pfd 23%
CLOSING BONUS.
U 4s, registered.. 108 iM X T 2ds 66%
Do 4s. co upon.... lt )9i/4| Do 4s 82%
U S 4s new, regstrdll6B/ 'Muta«l Union 65... 114
Do 4s, coupon llt>s/ B 'N i Cent Gen 55... 119
Do its 94 Nor; hern Pac lsts.H6i/ 2
Do 5s 112%; Do2ds 114
1 o ss. coupon. ...ll'J%| DoHds..... 69%
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 37
Do 1897 10'J Do deb 5s 108
Do 1898 10 O K&N 15t5....... 112%
Do 1899....; 100 StL&lronMtGenSs 77%
Pacific -is of '95.... St L A S F Gen 65.112
DC3-65S 109v*iSt Paul Consols....
Ala Class A 4s 105 St P C A Pa lsls...lltJ
Do Class 84, 55.. 105 , Do PacCal lsts..Ho
La C'onsol -Is 97 V 3 Southern R R 55... 92%
Missouri funding... Texns Pacific lsts. 85 '
N Carolina con 65.. 123 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20%
Do -Is 102 Union Pac 15t5 '96.104V 9
So Carolina 4%5. . . 106 West Shore 4s 106%
Term new 3s 81 Mobile* Ohio 45.. 65
Va f undine debt. . . 58% RGrandeWest lsts 76
Do registered Ches 4 O:-.io 5s 106
Do deferred 65... o Atchison 45........ 78%
Do trust rcpts st. 4%! Do'^dsA... ... . 40
Canada Sou :h '.Ms .104',! HHiSABI 105
Cen Pac Istsof 95.10'J%! Do 7s 97%
Den ARG Ist 11l HA Tex Cent 55..109Vs
Do 4s 90V 2 Do con 100
Erie 64iAiReadlng 4s. 78%
Kansas PaCoosolsVa 70 Missouri 63. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divlll y 4 |
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IJf LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Exu., Jun.» 11.— The spot market
Is quiet at 6s sVad. Cargoes weak at 2 Us 3d, ar
rived.
FCTOHRB.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations tor No. 2 Ked Winter: June,
4s llV*d: July, 4s lli/fed; August. 4s liy 2 d; Sep
temoer, 4s llVid; Uctooer, 4s 11 J/3d.J /3 d.
SF.CrBITIKS.
LONDON, Kno., June 11.— Consols, 113 1-16;
silver, 31 5-18 d; French Rentes. lOlf 60c.
EXCHANGE AXI) BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88^4
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89Va
Sterling Cables — 4 »0
New York Exchange, sight — I'^Vi
New York Kxchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, 'p. ounce — 68 V&
Mexicau Dollars 54% 55
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Ari advance at Chicago gave local
I futures a small boom as will be seen by the list of
I sales. No change in spot prices. No. 1, 97%c@
! ifl^ctl: choice., $1 01V4@l oi:y2; lower eruue»,
i sii."/o@Ssc , extra choice for mining, $1 05@l 15
V ctl.
CALIz BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 10 o'clock — December—
1500 tons, 97y a c; 500, 9"3/ 600, H7s/ gC ; 2000.
673/1:400.97%. f •
hKHixAB Morning session— December— 7oo
tons, 98Vic; 5500, 98c: 1000, 983/ c: 300. 98% c.
Aftkb.voon session — December — 100 tons,
98^ 8 o: 700. 9834 c.
BARLEY— Is weak and quiet. Feed, 70®7iyic
3* ctl; choice, 7yy 2 @738/ic;- Brewing, 77y s @Bsc.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— loo
tons, 70% c.
Regular Mornino Session— December—
tons. 703/ 8 1700. 70% c; 200, 70% c.
Afternoon Session— No sales.
OAT.- — Business continues dull. Milling quotable
at 85(6<87%c 1* ctl: fancy Feed, 87%<ak92%; goo.l
to choice, 8. V2@87V 2;2 ''; common to fair, 75@
80c: Gray, 80@«"5c; surprise, 02%c(g»$l lj* ctl.
CORN— market is very quiet. Large Yellow,
87y 2 (aißoc; Small Round do, 97y 3 c; White, 80®
bsc & ctl. • i>,:: ..•«
itYK—7S@76J,4c $ ctl.
BUCKWIIEAI— 85@90c $ ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— The China steamer took out 14.109
barrels,- an increase over recent stpa ers. Net
cash prices are: Family extras. $3 75@3 85 54
bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55(g>3 65; superfine,
$2 75@3.
COKNMKAL, ETC. - Feed Corn, »19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 ft ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c: K.ve Flour, 3yic; Kice Flour, 7yic; Corn
meal, 2%(§)3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
B%c: Oat Groats, 4Vjc; Hominy, 4@4%c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c; Farina,
4y 2 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Oats, 4Vic;
Pearl Barley, 2 c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
sVic 't> lb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF 3.
BRAN-SI 5@16 f> ton.
MIDDLINOS-sl7@lß fi ton for lower grades
and $18 50@19 50 1?. ton for the best.
FEEDBTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $20 per ton; jobbing, $21 •
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 '■$. ton.
HAY— The market is quite firm under moder
ate receipts, and old Hay is particularly so, with
occasional sales of choice Wheat, at M.3,
New Wheat quotable at $S@lo 50 if. ton;
New Wheat and Oat, $7 50($U 50 %< ton; new 1
Oat, $7@B * ton: new Barley, $6 50&17 50 «
to"; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6'@6 50.
Old Hay is quoted as follows: Whea"t, $*«a
11 50 $ ton: Oat, »7@9; Wheat and Oat. $*<&! i •
Barley, $7(018 60 ton; Clover, $6@7 50 ft ton:
Compressed Oat, $6 5O(a,8; Compressed Wheat, $7
@1 0 50 ; Mock, $B@7 per ton.
STRAW-20@40c^ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS-Quotable as follows: Kayos. 90c
$1; Small Whites, $1 25@1 35: Pea, $1 20®
1 80: Large Whitef, 90c@fl: Pink, 85@95c; Reds,
$125; Blackeye, $1 76: Red Kidney, nominal:
Limas, $2 50@2 70; Butlers, $1 40@i 60 for small
and $1 25@1 50 for large.
SEEDS Quotations are as follows: Brown
Mustard,:*] 50Cdi2 '.»s:Trieste,s2@2 :0:Yellow: 0:Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40@l 60: IHax, $1 70@l 80; Canary,
■& lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9Vis V &>: ltspe,-2%c «i a.;
Hemp, 3%c Q tt>.
DRIED FhAH-ifl 25@1 40 i* ctl for Nllea and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Not much change. Quotable ; us
follows: New . . otatoes, in r tacks, 90c@$l 10;
new Karly "Rose; in boxes ; from the River,
7&09] 9 Ctl: new Burb-ink See>llings."sl@l 3ft;
Oregon j.urbauks, 85(jg;9r,c: Early i Rose. &U(<i6oc:
Pi-t.ili:ma and Tomales. 65@75c i« ctl; llumboldt
Biirbankß. 70@85c ctl. '. ;-. . --:
ONlONS— Continue In excessive supply at 25(g)
80c ctl. ■ ■ •' ' -■ f
: VEGETABLES— Arrivals were 462 boxes As
: carauus, 102 boxes Rhubarb and 294, sacks Peas.
String Beans are in heavier supply, lower and
weak. . '■- ,•'-'*
summer Squash. 75c@#l 25 for Kay _400
@75c %4 box In small coxes; Egg Plant, — om.
Tomatoes, «I@l 60% box: Cucumbers, awe
@1 V dozen; Asparagus, 60c@$l _*> box for
ordinary and SI "5652 for extra: Rhubarb, 50
@*1 » box: Dried Peppers,. 6@l2V^c: Ureen
Peppers. 15c « It: Green Peas. 50(ai75c # sack tor
common and $I@l 26 for Garden: Striuß Ueans,
2^(g)sc 9 lb; Horse Beans, ■—■ » 8 ,. / ? r i£ d
Okra,l2i/,c; cabbage, 45@50c $ctl; Garlic, 2@
3c ft th. '
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EG«iS.
BUTTER— No change to report. £j
Creameby— Fancy, 14V2@ IBc> seconds, 13
Dairy— 13@13y 2 c: good to choice. 12@
12% c; lower grades, lignite. • . m
CHEESE-Contlnues weak. Fancy mild new,
GV 2 c-0 lb; common to good, 6@«c: Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7@Bo » ft: Western, 10
©lie; Eastern, 12@]2VaC- , ,
EGGS— Lower trade store Eggs are weak and
occasionally below quotations. .Ranch Eggs rule
firm. Eastern Eggs, 10@12c » doz: store gas,
ll®12c: ranch Eggs, 13@150, with sales at 16c;
Buck .Eggs, 13@14c f» doz.
POULTRY AN GAME.
POULTRY— The market continues weak with
some unsold Eastern still on hand. The demand
is slow.
Live Turkeys,l2y 2 @l4c for Gobblers, ll@l2c for
Hens: Geese, ■$ pair, 76c@$l 25: Ducks. $^®4
for old' and S4@s for young: Hens, $3 5L@
4 50: Roosters, young, $6 @7: do old, *4@
4 25: Fryers. $4 50645: Broilers, $8 60@4 for large
and *2@3for tmall; Pigeons, $1 25@1 60 * doz
for young and old. v";,:»
Game — .Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUlTS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1563 boxes, selling at 75@85c for White, 75c@$l
* box for Black, and 80c@$l for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, 6%@BVSsc * ft for White ana 7@
Sy a c for Black and B(g,9c for Royal Anne. The
market was fairly stea ly. _. . .
Peaches, 40@75c '$ box. and 60@75c V basket.
Plums are scarce at. $liai 26 1* crate.
Cherry Plums, 4O@tsOc box.
Red Apples, Hs@Bsc $ box and 40@50c •$ bas
ket; Green Apples. 60@75c 9 box in small and
*I@l 60 in large boxes and 30@50c V basket.
Green Pears, 40®65c box and 25@35c 1» bas
ket.
Royal Apricots. 60@76c f! box. Prices for can
ning trade will soon be fixed. ■ ,
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 291
chests, selling at $B@lo $ chest for Longworths
and $4@6 for large berries.
Gooseberries, 2@3c V ft in bulk for ordinary.
They will soon be out.
Raspberries, $S@lo chest. Newcastle Raspber
ries, *I@l 25 crate. „„„, „„ _
Blackberries, $6@7 fi chest and *1 26@160 >.
crate.
Currants. $4@5 pi chest and some fancy goods go
even higher. Mildewed stock $3.
CITRUS FRUITS— Limes continue too scarce to
Quote at wholesale rates. Oranges are quotable
at $1 60@2 25 V- box for Seedlings, $3@4 %* bx for
Navels, ijsl 76@'J 50 for Malta Bloods and $1 60®
2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets; Lemons, $1@
150 for common and $2@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, ; California Limes, $1 ¥ box;
Bananas, $I@-J ft bunch; Pineapples, $3@6 t<>
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prices for new Apricots will
be established shortly.
Carload Lots— Apples, iy a @2c 9 ft for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4Vfec for evaporated;
Peaches, :-@sc and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6y ©
He for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc #
ft for fancy Moorpatk; Figs, black, 2y for un
pressed; White Figs, 4c in sacks: Pears, 7c $lb
for evaporated halves, 3y 2 @6c "$ ft lor quarters;
Prunes, 3@3i.4c; Plums. 3y 2 Cft ft for pitted and
iy 3 ®2c for unpltted; Nectarines, 3y 2 <asc ft ft for
prime to choice and syoC for fancy.
Jobbing Prices — Evaporated Apples, 4@4 1 8 c
V lb: sun-dried, li/2 ; 2' 1 Peaches. 3i/2«3 5c and 6c |
for fancy, peeled iv boxes, 12' cl* &>: Prunes, 3V 9
fti)4c for four sizes, 5c for 4l)@so's and 4y c for
M'(a-(iO's; Apricots, 6%W9c lor prime to choice,
lOfgill for fancy Moorpark; Fiss. black, 3y 2 c;
White Figs, r >c: Pears, 8c 3tb for evaporated
halves and 4(9,7^0 for quarters; Plums, 3V2@4c
for pitted and l@iy2C for unpltted: Nectarines,
4®sc <?> S> for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 33/ic; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crOwn,
2y-« V lb: seedless Sultanas, 3y 2 @;-f 3 / i c; seedless
' Muscatels, 2 1 / 4 c; 3-crown London layers, 70c 1
%» box: clusters, '$1 35@1 50; Dataeaa clusters, j
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried |
Grapes, ?* lb.
Jobbing Pbicis— Four-crown loose, :-!^i@4c; 3- j
crown, »y*c?S lb; 2-crown, 2 :^@3c. Seediess Sul
tanas, 4c %t ft; Seedless, Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 76®90c; clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, .
NUTS— Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc "$ ft
for No. 1 hard and'll@l3c %* ft for paper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7J^c ",rt lb tor Langue
doc and; BV2@loc lor paper-shell, jobbing; Pea
nuts, sya@7cy a @7c for Eastern and 4y g (i!)sy2C for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. 5(5.6c: Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
i(@lOL- f'i lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50^)5 i) 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c V ft for
bright ana B@9c "$ li. tor lower grades; water
white extracted, s@s^c 1* ft: light aaiber ex
tracted, 4i,4@4%c; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2©3 c
BEESWAX— 'J5(it.7y a c %i lb. •
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon is quotable at Be ?
lb for heavy, 7c H>. lb for light medium, 9c ft for
light, 10c for extra lleht and 12c i? ft for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Hams lie lb: e«li
iorniu Hams, 10c f ft; Mess Beef, $7 50&8:
extra mess do, 98 50(<s9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, if ß 50@9; extra clear, $14 V. bbl;
mess, $12 ~# bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c V* ft-
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6y*c <£ tb
for compound and 6 3 /ic for pure; pail.-4. 7y 2
California tierces, 5'.4i; ior compound und 6Vi° l" r
pure: half-bbls, 6Vi<&H¥iC; 10-ft tins, 7y 4 c; do
5- it., 7% a ft.
COTTOLENE-6@6Vic in tierces aDd 65yi@7y 8 c
*lb In 10- tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers,
7(8"Vj l "£ lb; culls and brands. 6@6y c iS ft:
medium, 6@6>/-2c; culls and brands. .">(n;sy»c: light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5@5y 2 c; culls
and brands. 4flH 1,-2f:1 ,-2f: salted Kip, 5c «♦ ft; salted
Calf, 7@Sc: salted Veal. 6c: dry Hides, 10y 2 @llc:
culls and brands, B@3^c;dry Kipand Veal, B<gi9c:
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@36c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, good summer. J
30c: meJium. 16@25c;- winter, 7@loc; sheep
skins, shearlings. iO@lsc each: short wool. 2v(d)
3.') c each; medium. •lu'&OOc each; long wools, 50©
60c each. Cuils of all kind 1 about yy 2 c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 3Vi@3V£c: No. 2,
Sc: refined, 5' o(«.5- ! / 4 i-: Grease, 2i^c %* tb.
WOOL— Va. ley Oregon Is quoted at 9@loy 2 c;
ao lower grades. B@9VaC ft tb; Nevada, t>@9c;
San joaqui'ti and Southern Coast, six months, 4(j£6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7©Be; San
.Toaquin. year's fleece, 4Via6i/^o; northern free,
7<jj9c; do defective, 5@6 J ; %* ft-
HOPS-iy 2 @3cftn).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: .
BEEF— First quality, s@sy c; second ao, 4y 2 ®
4»4c: third do, 3y 2 @4c ? ft. .
. VEAL— Large, s@6c: small, 6@7c f, ft.
MUTTON— Wethers, 5y 2 @6c: Ewes, 5y 2 c %» lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@By c ft ft.
PORK— Live Hogs, 3c # Iti for large and 31/ic
for small and medium: dressed do, 4@sV4c ?■ lb.
GENERAL. 31ERCUANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain iiaes, spot, $4 25; June-
July delivery. $4 371/2; San Quentiu, $4 20; Wool
Bags, 24y 2 @26y2C.
COAL— Wellington/ $8 ~$ ton; New Wellington,
$8 i*. ten; S-'outhfield \Velllngton, $7 50 ?» ton;
Seattle, ,*5(a.5 50: Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallsend, Scotcn, *7 60; Brymbo. ?7 60;
Cumberland, ! im;l2 in bulk and $13(^14 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egkt, $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8; cannel, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60: coke,
.* 11 (a.12 in bulk and $13 's* ton in sks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5%c; Dry Granulated, 6 Vic;
Confectioners' A, 6ygc: Magnolia A. 46/ 8 c; Extra
0. 4y 2 c: Golden C, 43/ 8 e; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more.
SYRUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap, 10c
"tiL
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
tor 24 . HOURS. j
Flour, qr. sks.... 4,310 Hay. tons 292
Oregon Straw, tons 84 j
Wheat, ctls 6.093 Butter, ctls... 225
Washington.... a, 545 Cheese, ctls 131
Barlej.ctls. 3,29o| Eggs, doz 12,420
Oats, ctls. 43D|Hides, no. 239
0reg0n....; 2.682 felts, bdls 4,499
Beans, sks. :• 9201 Wool, bis 182
Rye, ctls 1 70l Wine, gals 62,?>00
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,203 Leather, r0115.... 294
Oregon 99JQulrks!lver, tlsks 85 !
Onions, sks 710 Lime, bbls 81 I
Bran, sks. 90STailow. c.is 18
Middlings, sks... 244! Lumber. M feet.. 10
THE STOCK MARKET
Values were considerably lower yesterday than
on Wednesday. Trading also fell off and the mar
ket was quieter all arouud.
In the Chollar mine (Comstocfc worklngn) in the
stope above No. 3 crosscut, 450 level, they continue
to save ore and are now opening the ninth floor,
where the pay lies In streaks of lair grade. In the
south jstope on this level there is nochange worthy
of note since last report. In the winze below this
point they are working on me fourth ar:d fifth
iio-Ts in bunches of fair ore. They have shipped
to the Nevada mill during the past week twelve
tons and 1000 pounds of ore. The average battery
sample of the ore was $28 12.
In the Potosl mine (Comstock workings) the
north drift from the top of the raise from the 450
level sou;n drift is now out 77 feet; extended 31
feet during the week: face iv porphyry, clay and
bunches of quartz, the latter givinp fair assars.
1 he south latera; drift, 650 level, -tnrted from the
main west crosscut trom the shaft, is now out 48
feet: extended 12 feet since last report. A coi
slderabie portion of the ; ime has been occupied In
repairing the main west crosscut on this level.
The south drift, from the raise above the south
west drift 0:1 the tunnel level has been advanced
20 feet, and a crosscut trom the east end of it is
out 20 feet through vein matter composed of por
phyry and quartz of low assay value.
In ihe Bodle Consolidated mine the south drift
from the upraise 50 feet above the 200 level shows
about 2y 2 teet of ledge matter. A small seam of
quartz continues in the face of the south drift from
the west crosscut on the 200 level. There are no
changes in other working parts of the mine.
Jn the Mono mine the east crosscut on the 400
level la still in hard porphyry.
It is expected that the cyanide plant at the
standard Consolidated will be in full operation
early in July.
In the Crown Point mine west crosscut 4 on ihe
700 level Is out 33 feet. The face is in low
grade quartz. The raise from the south drift on
thisles-e! was not advanced this week owing to
timbering work.
Crosscut 2 from the south lateral drift on the
seventh floor of the 1100 level raise has been
stopped, having reached the east wall. They are
now driving the south drift again in quartz assay
ing from ?3 to $7 a ton, chiefly gold. They
started a west crosscut Tuesday on the 600 level
from the south lateral drift opposite east cross-
The joint Confidence, Challenge and Imperial
west crosscut 1 from the surface tunnel is out 534
feet. The face shows porphyry. The surface
tunnel is now in from the south line of the Con
solidated Imperial 286 feet. The face is in quartz
and porphyry.
The Belcher mine yielded 48 mining carloads of
ore, assaying g-J2 36 a ton, during the past week.
The yield of the Segregated Belcher mine for the
past week wai 19 carloads of ore, avcrajins by as
say $22 41 v ton.
The Savage mine yielded 202 carloads of ore
during the past week, the average car-sample as
say of which was $62 33 a ton. They shipped to
the Nevada mi. f 270 tons of ore and milled 260
tons, the average battery assay of which was
Sll22aton. shipped to the United States Mint
at Carson, Nev., 2MH /2 pounds of bullion, the net
coin value of which was 93301 96, of which
$1357 45 was gold and $1944 51 silver. Bullion
valued by assay at $7501 is on hand at the milL
Tue California-street Cable Comuany pays the
usual dividend of 50 cents a share this month.
The Edison Light Company will pay a dividend
of 662/3 cents a share on the lfith.
ihe Oakland Uas Company and the San Fran
cisco Gas Light Company will pay the usual
monthly dividends of 26 cents and 35 cents a
share on the 16th.
The Morning star Gravel Mining Company has
declared a divideud of $6 a share. This is the six
tieth dividend of the 1 lacer County mine.
BOARD SALES.
following won* th« *ai«i m the Ban rranolM*
Gtocic Eoard yesterday; .:-.-.''-:
RK'U-I.AR MOKXIN-O SBMIO!* mHHKXCIXS o:3a
300 Alt*... ....24 100 CC&V...2.701400 P0t051.. 1.50
200 23400 C Point... 63500 1.65
600 8e1cher. ...76|200 ..63 700 5ava«..1.60
400 76 4OOKxchqr...oßloO -1.45
650 Bodle 65 100 C... 1.80100 Seg B 23
100 8u11i0n.. .34500 ..1.35 360 22
100 33100 ll&N ... 2.06 450 b NT ...1.05
800 8u1wer... 33300 Kentuck.,o7 850 1.00
400 32U0J Mxcan.l.lo 40^ Uni0n. .1.05
400 311400 0ccd1...1.56 100 Utah. .....16
200 Cha11n5... 45100 Ophlr... 300 V Jackc.73
550 Ch011....2.80,800 0vrmn....39 500 72
700 2.76200 37
AJTKRNOOM SESSION— 2: S3.
600 Aloha 22|100 C P0int... 64|950 Overman. 3B
100 Alta 22M00 G 4. C. .1.35:200 P0t051... 3.60
3UO Andes 44100 1.3U600 Savage.. l.6o
2UO 8e1cher. .. 76400 H<5.iN...2.20i100 Uni0n.. .1.05
100 8A8....1.30|500 2.151100 ~..1.10
450 Bodle 65450 Alex... I.IOUOO Utah 17
650Ch011r...2.«5!5000ccidt1..1.50i400 V Jck1....74
100 CC&V...2.76 250 0ph1r.... 1.90! 50 73
100 2.70J I
.Following wera tno satei in tan Pacldo atoo*
'card yesterday:
Bienuß MtssroN— ir»:T>.
600 Alta 22 1000 C Imp . .03 200 Ovrmn.. ..37
500 8e1cner...75 600 Excnqr... 10200 3*
100 B <fc£ 1.27 - 200 09 700 P0t0*t..1.55
100 1.22 V 2V 2 200 GAC.1.271/i4O<J 1.60
100 1.25 200 1.25 100 1.57^
50 1.30 300 l.:« 200 5avg....1.5i
200 Bodie 67 100 1.321,, 600 1.62Va
200 651900 H&N... 2.10300 1.50
100 8u1wer....35 300 2.17V0 300 1.46
300 31260 2.00500 Scorpion..lO
200 Caled 16100 2.1:^800 58AM....22
150 Challge...4K 100 2.07 Vi 300 B Nv.1.07^
1950 ChOilr.2.Hs 1300 Kentck..O6 100 1.10
550 2.75 700 L Wash. ..os 100 1.05
600 2.65 20J Mexu.... li/i, 700 S Hill ... OS
100 2.67^300 1.10200 Unin C..1.10
3&0 2.80100 1.05 200 1.07%
60 2.90 600 Occid.... 1.50 300 Utah 17
450 CCV. ...2.75 200 1.52V-UOO V JaoKet..7l
100 2.72»", 100 1.556D0 75
100 2.77WM'J Ophlr...l9i>ilOO 74
300 Crwn Pt...«*i850 1.901100 73
150 O2JIOO 1%1
.-'.:* • irrrRNOON SFMInN- 2:3!).
400 Alpha 23500 Ch011ar.2.90|250 Ophlr...
200 Altft 251200 CCV 2.75550 1.90
300 Andes... .441300 2.72V 2 ;200 1.92%
100 Blcnr 70150 C0nti....1.35 500 Ovrmn.. 38
100 B &8..1.30 500CP01nt...65 I SO Potosl 1.571/2
100 1.27% SOO Exchqr...o7'l6o 1.60
100 ...... 1.32V21100 G&C....1.35 100 Savag... 1.60
500 Bodle 65 200 2.22% 500 1.55
200 8u11i0n... 34 2.20500 1.57%
400 8u1wer...33 200 Julia 15 100 1%
200 ...34 300 Justice. ..ll!3oo Scorpion..lv
lOOCaleda 15500 Keutck...O6 500 58& M....21
400 14 800 Mex..1.07y 2 100 SNv... 1.06
200 Challng...l4'2oo 1.10500 Sil Hi 11. ..06
750 Choiir... 300 Mono 07 200 Uni0n. .1.05
60 2.82%' 600ccd....1.60.300 Utah 17
100 2.76 100.... 1.62 a 1000 YJaciMi73
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, June 11—4 p. m.
Bid. Asked.] Bid. Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 21 23IJnlla — 15
Alta. 24 26[Justice 11 12
Andes. 43 45Keutuck 06 07
Belcher 76 78 Lady Wash.... — 05
Beat &Belcherl.3O I.SSb Mexican 1.10 1.15
Beuion Con 20 — IMono — 07
Bodie 63 — Nevada Queen. — 05
Bullion 32 33Occidental. ...1.50 1.55
Bulwer 31 — Ophir 1.90 1.95
Caledonia. 14 15-Overman 38 39
Cnollar 2.90 2.95 Potosl 1.55 1.60
Con.Cal.AVii. .2.70 2.7s|Savmge I.6t< 1.65
Cimllenge Con. 45 47 Scorpioi 10 —
Con. Imperial. 03 04 Ses- Belcher. .. 21 23
Confidence.. ..l.4o —Syndicate. 04 06
Con New York — 10 silver Hill — 06
Crown Point... 65 66 sierra Nevada. 1.05 1.10
Ea.stSlerrnNev — 00 Union Con 1.05 1.10
Kxchequer .... 08 09 Utah 16 17
Gould & Curry. 1.30 1.35 Yellow Jacket. 70 72
Halt it Norcis 2.15 2.20
GOLD MINING EXCHANGE.
200 Amalie 2 60 500 Lock wood Con » 37
300.... „ 255 100 35
100 2 65 Providence.....
..Champion I Asked 80 00
8id..... 20 00100 Savannah „ 39
Asked .25 00 100 40
400 Edna 35300 41
400 34200 42
100 Grant. .'... 13400 „ 43
Kennedy 3iX) Sebastopol 4H
I Bid 1000400 49
Asked... .12 00 SCO ...;..„ „ 60
Keystone.. ■ Thorpe
Bid 65 00 Asked 76
700 Lockwood Con.. 36 ■
LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 2 Hnmboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Alia* Iron Works 90
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 00
STOCK AND BOND , EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, June 11— 2 p. k.
UNITED STATES BONDS. - .
Sid. Asked. . Bid. Asked.
US 4s coup.. 108 - U S4s reg..,109y 8 —
IHi new issue 11 6 116% : ;;••:..•»
MISCELLANKOUB BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. — 113 PrcßollM6s. - i_ j.
Oal Elec L6s — 122y 2 Do 2d Is 65... — —
CntraCW6s — 97 'P &O By 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 90 100 I'&C'h Ry6s. — 108
Krtsnl*P6s — 122V 2 Pwl-st RRBx. — 116 V«
F&CHHR6S.IO4V2 - Reno,Wl.<feL - 105
Geary-stRSs, — 105 Sac to V& L. — 102%
I I.o3AngL6s. — 100 SF&NPR 55.100%101V<4:
DoGmeed6s — 103 SPRRArizfs 96y 2 96%
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCal6s.loaJifcill
DoKyConss-104S / 4105 iSPRRCaI 6s. — —
Nat Vino's Ist 95 100 |SPBrRCal6s. 99%100y 4
NevCNgß7s. J»5 105 SVWater6s..ll9 119y 2
NPCRR6S. ; — 108 SV Water4s. . 98% 99U1
NRy 6s. - 105 StktnOAE6s - 100
NRy Cal ss. — 100 SunstT&Tßs. 100 -
Oak Gas 55. .101 104y a Sutterstßss.lO;v, -
L02d1865.. - 106 VisallaWCtis - 9 A >
Omnibus bs.HBV?II9V4I '
■ WATER STOCKS.
Contra Costa 35 38 |San J05e..... — —
Marin C 0.... 50 — |Sprng Valley 98V4 98%
GAB STOCKS. ,
Capital. 20 27 [Pacific Lleht 47 47J^
Central .... 95 — San Fraucsco 94% 95
OakGL&H s'2ya •26/ B Stockton — 211 A
PacGaslmp. 85 2 68^1
I ' INSITKANCK STOCKS.
Fireman's 67 V2 — (Son ....... ..25 60
. ; ' ■ COMMERCIAL BANK STOCKS. .'.V-t
Amerß&TC — — London a l3O
Anglo-Cal 61% — |London&SF. — 27y»
Bank of Cal.. 237 242^!Merch Ex..; 13 —
D&TCo 55y a 58 Nevada...... — —
FlrstNa:ionl.l7B IBay 2 gather B Co. - —
Grangers.... — — I .
. . ' • VINOS BANK STOCKS.
nerSifeLCo.l37s 1415 Sav&Loan.. — 100
HutnbS&Ll 100 1450 Security 260 280
Mutual — '■■ 40 Union Trust. 7so 800
SFSavUnlon — 49
STRKKT "RAILROAD STOCK*
California.... los 109 Oak SL&Hay — ' 100
I Geary-5t...... — 55 Presidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 431/4 43 Vi 8utter-st — o— Y> :
POWDER STOCKS.
Atlantic D... — Ihi^ Giant C0n.... 24% 24%
Eastern D... — SnyaiJudson D.... — —
California.... 75 — iVigorlt....;. — 80c
MISCELIiANKOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. — 96 Nat C 0...' — ' 85
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 34%
Cal Cot Mills - - Pre FA 1 —
Cul Dry Dock — — PacEoraxCo. 98 100
i Edison L!ghtl2o%l2l« 4 lPac Roll Mill - —
' OasConAssn. — — IParf PaintCo 6% '7%
I Her Lead Co. 85 : — PacTrnsCo. — 24
i HfwC&SCo.. 20 21 ;PacT<feTCo. 55 70
I Hutch 8 PCo 34f/ 8 25 Sunset TAT. 41 —
I MerEx Assn. 100 110 jUnited C Co. — 25
'■', BALKS— MWtNlva KJCbSIOX
' Board— ' • .
f2OOO Omnibus Cable Bonds 118 60
30 Pacific Gas Imp, b 10...: 80 00
25 S.F Gaslight 94 75.
' Street— ' '
25 Edison Light A Power C 0... .......„■ 121 50
'£ German Savings and Loan ...... 1400 00
50 S V Water .......„■ :.:..... 98 37%
A FTKKXUON" SESSION. •
■ Board— . . ■_ . i ■
95 Mutchinson S PCo ........"..'.... «5 00
25 Pacific Lighting. ......::........ 47 00
$1000 • Pot A Bonds ....r.. ............ 96 75
$4000 S P Branch Railway 80nd5....... 100 00
95000 S F .n P Railway 80nd5...;.... 101 00
1 - ■ ';. ■ ■ ." — ■■ . . •*♦■"'»"' ' '■'}'.'. "V '
Borne, Sweet Home.
I Probably no one would have been more
surprised than Sir Henry Bishop himself
could he have foreseen that a simple mel
ody in one of his numerous operas would
achieve such celebrity that at the present
day, more than severity years after it was
first heard in London.it is still sung by
leading prime donne at fashionable con
certs, jangled on street organs aad loved
by a vast public that knows nothing of
music, properly so called, as the purest
representation of the English spirit —
"Home, Sweet Home." "Clari, the Maid
of Milan," the opera in which this favorite
sone occurred has long been consigned to
the limbo of forgotten musical works, but
"Home, Sweet Home" survives with un
diminished popularity, and is likely to
survive when many more pretentious com
positions have followed the ''Maid of Mi
lan" into oblivion. — Cornhill Magazine.
Decadence of Our Marine.
The point has been brought out by a cor
respondent of a marine paper that it is 110
wonder the Spaniards were willing to as
sault and insult the United States Consul
at the time of the adoption of Cuban reso
lutions by the Honse. In Barcelona only
two American sail in? vessels were seen
last year, and it is asked, "What reason
had they for believing that we had a flag
or a people canable of defending it?" In
connection with this, it may be stated that
only two American vessels visited Liver
pool in 1895, and during the same year not
an American merchantman touched at the
cities of Hull, Cardiff, Glasgow, Belfast,
Dublin, Portsmouth, Rotterdam, Genoa or
Naples. The other side of this picture was
shown in 1861, when the merchant fleet of
the United States aggregated 5.539,813 tons
and the flag was seen in every port of the
world where ships go. — New York Tribune.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
V. P. Coast akd Gkodktio Scbvut Tidh')
Btri.i.FTi>f Published BT Official V
Authority OF thi SDPFBINTKKDKXT. )
Friday, June 12.
Sun rises...... 4.46 1 Moon rises
Sunsets 7.34]M00n sets 9.08 fm
June— lß96.
.'note— In the above exposition of the tides the
l-arly mornii'g tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
onler of occurrence *i to tirn*>. Th 9 second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of tbe day. except
when there are but three tides, an sometimes
orcurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on tbe United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, an<l ihen the number given is subtrsctlve
from the cieri'h n-iven by he charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Hydro«baphic Office, U. S. N., ■)
MKRCITANTS' KXCHANfiE. V
San Francisco. June 11, 1896. J
The time bail on Teleeraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the i'JOth
muridiau, or exactly at 8 P. m., Greenwich tin-..'.
A. F. FECHTELEIt,.
Lieutenant U. 8. N. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, June 11.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, 13 hours from Men
doclno; mdse, to Mendocino Lumber Cs.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 1* hours from Moss Landing,
etc: produce, to Goodall. Perkins A Co.
Stmr Willamette, 'Holmes, 82 hours from
Comox: 2635 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Ship Oriental, Parker, 11 nays from Departure
Bay; 2722 tons coal, to George Frucb.
Nor bark Fortona, Mikkelson. VO days from
Honolulu; 38,310 bags sugar, to Jl* Spreckels &
Bros Co.
Schr Sacramento. Goodmansen, 3 days from
FrankDOrt; 200 cd» bark, to A W Beadle & Co.
Schr Mary and Ida, Rlstine, 11 days from Port
Blatceley: 240 Mft lumber, to iteuton, Holmes &
Co.
3chr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen. 6 days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to S II Harmon Lumber
Co.
Schr Abbie, Hansen. 2 days from Fort Bragg;
RR ties, to Union Lumber Co.
Schr Halcyon, Ellis, 10 days frm Port Blakeley ;
350 M ft lumber, to Renton. Holmes & Co.
Schr Marie E Smith, Rosendall. 10 days from
Tacoma; lumber and laths, to Hanson & Co. *
Schr Pioneer, Mikkelsen, 5 days from Knappton;
M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Bchr Nettle Low. Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes; 60 bxs butter, to J H Newbauer & Co; 100
cs cream, to Point Reyes Creamery.
. Cleared.
THURSDAY, June 11.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, Astoria; Good
all. Perkins & Co.
Ktmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ' I
Schr John D Tallant, Holland, Hllo; J D Spreck
els & Bros Co.
sen r Vine. Luttrell, Champerico and Caroline
Islands; J D Sprockets & Bros Co. - VV "
Sailed.
THURSDAY. Un 11.
Stmr Arago, Con way, Coos Bay.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor,
Stmr Cleone, Miller Crescent City.
Stmr Noyo, Levinson. Fort Bragg. •
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendocino.
BtmrTruckee, Thomas, Coos Bay.
Stmr State of California. Ackley, Astoria.'
Brig Courtney. Ford, McLeod. Departure Bay.
Schr Moro, Jnrgenson, Coquille River.
Schr Mary C. Campbell. Bodega.
Scbr John D Tallant, Holland. Hilo.
Returned. -
THURSDAY. June 11.
Schr Elvenla, Johnson, hence June 6, returned
on account of blowing away sails and carrying
away cenierboard. .
. Chart,
■ The Haw - bark Santiago lords mdse for Hllo:
brig Courtney Ford, coal at Departure Hay for
Un?ua Island, Alaska: Chil bark i elma. lum
ber, at Port Blakeley, for the West Coast, on own
ers' account.
Spoken.
May 20—16 N 25 W, .Br ship Merioneth, from
Swansea for San Francisco.
June 10-Off the Farallons, H M S Comos, from
San Diego for Victoria. . All well.
Telegraphic.
POINT t.OBOS. June 31-10 P. Weather
hazy . wind SW: veloiity. 10 miles. '
' Doniextic Portu
i ASTORlA— Arrived June 11-Stmr Alice Blnch
ard, hence Jun 6, via Eureka.
FORT BRAGG- Sailed June 11— Stmr Alcazar,
for San Francisco. ' : '
BOWEN3 LANDING-Arrived June 11 — Bchr
Render Bros, hence June 8; schr SewaK, hence
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed June IX— Stmr
FISHERMANS BAY— Arrived June 11— Schr
Five Brothers, hence June 5.
ROCK PORT— Arrived June 11— Stmr Scotia, no
Jun 9.
sailed— ""mr Scotia, for Mendocino.
SOI'TH BEND— Arrived June 11— Bark Aure-
Ola. for San Francisco.
RE DO NISO- Arrived June 11-Schr Wm Ken
ton, from Seattle. .
EUREKA— Arrived June 11-Stm' Navarro, he
June 8; stmr Pomona, hence June 10; scbr l-.ru
ma Claudina, hence June 2.
bailed -->i m r National City.
POINT ARKXA-Arrived Jun 11-Stmr Green
wood, hence June 10. _
TATOOSH- Passed June 11-Br stmr Progress
ist, trom Nanalmo for San Francisco.
-SAN I'K DKo- Arrived June 10-Schr Fannie
Adele, from Tacoma.
Kastern Ports.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared June 10 — Ship
Francis, for -an Francisco. a-_»i,
NEW YORK- Arriverl Juno 11 — Stmr SCOlia,
hence. June 9; stmr Finance, from Colon.
Foroign PorM.
CASTRIES BAY— Arrived May 28-=chr R W
Bartlett. hence Apr 10; 48 days' passage.
QUKENBTOWS- Hailed June 10— Br ship cian
Mnckenz'ie, for Cardiff: Br ship Clan Ualbraith l or
Hull: iir Dark Doclira, lor Ghent; Br ship Nor.Olk
ship Kilmory from Seattle;
Rr bar* Penryn Castle and Br ship Gleucarii. lrm
°s yon K Y-bailed June 10-Br stmr Miowera.for
10-Br ship Yola, from
"FALMOUTH-Arrlved June 10-Br ship Philo
mene, from Oregon; Brship Balfcamah, from Ore-
g °HULL-Arrived June 10-Br ship Falls of
Clyde, hence Jan 23. „..„
YOKOHAMA-Arrlved June 6-Br stmr < hit.a-
KINSALE-Passed June 9 — Br ship Strath
gryfe, hence Feb 5 for Liverpool
LIZ A KD- Pawed tune 9-Ur ship GW \Volff,
frora Antwerp for Oregon; Br ship Lawhill, henca
Jan 20, for London.
Importation*.
SANTA CRUZ-Per Gipsy— 2o pkgs mdse. 130
rms paper, 38 OS cheese, 20 rolls leather, bOO bbls
lime. 4 cs liquor.
Moss Landing— l br butter.
Monterey— 3o ptcgs mdse. 8 bx» butter. £ bxs
dry squiUs, 4 cs cheese, 1 cs drugs.
POINT ARENA— Per Point Arena— 29 drem.vi
hogi. 61 bxs butter, 1 coop chickens, 2 bbls suifar,
1 liol crockery.
Navarro-3922 RK ties.
Con«lene«««.
Per Glpsy-Cal Bottling Co: C Carpy *>'<>: fil
bert Bros: Haas Bros: L O Sresovich A Co: Kron
Tanning Co: .Standard OH Co: Norton, Teller A Co:
-Washington shoe Co; Brlgham. Hoppe *>,?"• a «
I'iiiK-: Herman Joost: l)od*e. Sweeney «<;«•. »*"?
Cluff: B Q Rubl & Co: II Cowell & Co: Arctic Oil
Works: Dairymen's Union; Union Paper Co: ■ V
Nieman Co: Abramson, Helnrlch A- Co: betas
.Bros A Co: VSViI Bros; Langley A Michaels.
Per Point Arena-Norton. Teller * Co : Roberts
A Tuft; Dairymen's Union; Wilson & Baechtel.
Nathan. Dohrraann A Co: Mendocino Lumoer Co:
Ross A Hewlett; Union Lumber Co; Mau, badler<S
Co.
For Late Shipping InteUinenc* See Fiff-.n/H /"■"'■
OCEAW BTBAMSHIPgC
O. R.. o _cfi3 3NT.
ASTORIA AILPORTLANa
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class;
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Biate of California sails. June 2. 12 and 33
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and 'il
From 6pear-st. Wharf (Pier SM) at 10 a. K.
ftOOCALL, PERKINS & CO., Gent. Sup^
F. F. CON«OR. General A(jen%
630 .Market, street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUTRATES
VICTORIA, B. C. f and
PUGET SOUND.
X*lx>flrt Class 68.00
Second. Claw iSSOO
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office— 4 Jew Montgomery Street
OOODALL, PERKINS 4 CO.,
■ General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPAJI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM JBttSL-
Broadway wharf. Baa Francisco, as -fiSlftfiK
follows: „„
For Mary Island, Lorln«, Wranjiel. Janeau. Kll-
llsnoo ana Bltka (Alaska), *: V a. m., June .\
13, :8, v;H. July 3, is. 18, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver CB. 0.), Part Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (BelllDgbam Bay, Wash.). 9 a. •*.
lone i. •. 13. 18. 23. HA ana every flf;!»
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver witu
the C. f. R. 8,, at Tacoma with N. V. R. ft.
at Seattle with O. N. By., at, Port Townsend wlttt
Alaska steamers. aad Fields Landlna (Hum-
For Eurekt. Arcata aad Fields Landing (Hura-
boldt Bay> itr. Pomona. 2 r. m.. Jnu« I, «. 10,
14 Iw. VI, 'Jo SO and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucov
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, San:»
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeiea) ana Newport, at 9 a. m., June
4. 8. VI, la. -O, 544. 28 and every fourth day there-
*>"or San Dlesro, stopping only at Port Harforl
<Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
7. M.. .Hi "■ 2. 6. 10 ' 14; iB, 22, 26, 30 anJ every
tourt'h day thereafter.
lor Knsenada. Han Jose del Caoo, Mauatlan. Lm
Pax. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), Btr. Orizaba
10 a. M., June '2, -'7, ana 26th of each month there-
ar T»cKei office. Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
BtK *GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Oen'l Agent*.
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /ft" DAYS TC
HAWAII, SAMOA, |W HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 11 ■»
AUSTRALIA. \J? S.S. AUSTRALIA,
a 8. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra «*s.
S. S. A LAM DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June '25,
at 2 p. M.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. 1). SPRECKELS cfe BROS. CO.. .\)rts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st,. San Francisco.
CO3IPAGME GENERAL TRASSATL IST IQGB
French Line to Havr««.
f!OMPASY".SPIBB (NEW).42NORTH >>«■**
■\J River, foot of Morton St.. Traveler* by <&*•»£
this line avoid both transit by English railway I
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a sm&ll
boat. New Yorz to Alexandria, Egypt, via far;*
first-ciass 60: second-cliias, 9116.
j.A TOURAINE. Capt. &anteUl....May 23, 8 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE May JS. 8 a. K.
LA GASCOGNE Jute 20. 7 am.
LA -\OK . .Suit, July 4, 6 a. x. .
LA GA&COONE July '25. 11 a, K.
LA NORMANDIE Auetist 1, 3 a. it
LA BOURGOONE. Capt. Leb>enf. .June 6. 7 a. X.
03T For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Astent,
Na 3 Bo iv mo. Green, New York
3. F. FUGAZt & CO., Agents, i Aloutgoiaer*
•venue. San Francisco
WHITE mR LUB.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BETWKtM
New York, Queenstown A Liverpool,
SAILING EVEKY WDIiK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- jsrrn.
Ing to steamer and accommodations mUSK
■elect*'!: second c.tbln, *35 and «40; Majestic v i
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, Ire>
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■tiling dates and cabin plans may be procured
trom W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at t.he
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
BDter Grand Hotel. G. W. FLETCHER.
General Agent tor Pacific Coast. _
ROYAL MAIL STEAJLJACKET COIF.MT.
STBAXKKS T.KAVK ASPINWALL /ML
fortniKlit y calling en route at and <*«■
Southan ip on. calling en route at Cerbourgh.
France and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
fi-ific Mail S. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa-
n£p w direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, ¥195; third
rifuw. $97 60. For further particulars apply to
ewas> * PARROTT A; CO., Agents,
303 California sU
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St-
At .-» i*. If, Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. -Si.
03" Accommodatioud Reservea by Telephone.
: S'A'^-Aiiiii'tt.'): ' .;
T. C. Walker, J. d p«,t. r .
Mary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
 Telephone Main 805. Cat. Xsav. und lia».. u»
iALLEJO, MARE ISLIR S BESICIA, FOii'
COSTA m crmkett.
■■ STB.MONTICKLLO,
Oally, except Saturday and Snnday-10:30 a. m.
and 4p. it : Saturday, l O :3O a. m., 3:30 p. Mi
H».M.only. —-V-"** '. "
Landing, aiiasion 1, Vlor «.MADE THE PACE
IN LOS ANGELES
Mrs. Musette Goldson Is
Awarded an Absolute
Divorce.
A SURPRISED HUSBAND
He Was Expecting the Decree
in the Alameda
Court.
SOME ELECTRIC ROMANCE.
Result of a Three-Days* Courtship
and an Elopement Two
Years Ago.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 11. j
Mrs. W. N. Goldson Jr., better known as
Miss Musette Chick, has outwitted her
husband. This morning she was granted
a divorce in Los Angeles by Judge Smith
and ten minutes later she had wired the
news to her friends In this city.
About a month ago W. N. Goldson
brought suit against his wife for divorce
Miss Musette Chick end the Husband Whom She Beat in the Race for a Divorce.
in the Alameda court. He named deser- J
tion as the ground on which he considered j
himself entitled to the decree. In the
meanprue the youne wife in Los Angeles
had not been idle. She also filed a com
plaint for divorce in that county,
where she is now residing with
her mother. Her complaint is more
interesting than that file! by her
husband. It contains allegations that i
throw considerable light on the domestic
life of the young couple while living at
the Sanitarium on Lake street.
Tie marriage took place in Alameda
after a courtship of three days. It was an
elopement, and the young bride said that
she was under tne influence of a peculiar
power exercised by lioldson at the time.
After the marriage they lived • together
jast one year, and then the young wife
went home to her mother. Sic declares
she bad been roughly treated, and that
(roldson and his mother tried to make a
drudge of her and to work her almost to
death". On various occasions her husband
made unpleasant references to pistols, and
once he was so jealous because his wife
was talking to the man who attended the
baths at the Sanitarium that he picked
her up bodily and carried her upstairs.
Her life was one of torment and fear, and
living with Goldson she declared to be al
together impossible.
A few months ago, the young wife was
in Oakland and Goldson made several at
tempts to see her. He was denied admis
sion and Mrs. Chick wanted the District
Attorney to issue a warrant for his arrest,
but this could not legally be done. Then
the respective mothers-in-law rushed into
print and publicly denounced each other.
Previous" to leaving Oakland Mrs. Gold
eon published a long statement, in which
was the following:
"it is a well-known fact that Mrs. Gold
eon runs the family, and has entire con
trol of the actions of my daughter's hus
band. How is it possible, then, to con-
Eider the actions of this young scapegrace
as being independent of his mothers in
fluence? If she directed him in other
affairs is it not reasonable to infer that
she directed and controlled his matri
monial life? To prove this I take the
liberty of recounting a confidential con
versation I had with Mrs. Dr. Goldson
some months after Musette's marriage.
"Once while she was sick youne Goldson
brought her a large powder" which be said
the doctor had prescribed for her. The
doctor had only left the room a few min
utes, and on inquiring I found that no such
thing had been ordered.
"On another occasion he threatened her
with a revolver. In view of this condition
of affairs Mrs. Goldsou advised me to take
my daughter away, stating that her son
was incapable of providing for a wife. In
answer to my inquiry as to what her sen
would do in the event, she told me that
she would takf care of him as she had
always done, and that he was so consti
tuted that he ought never to be away from
his mother's apron-strings. A most im
portant fact was omitted — she never sug
gested how the expenses of her son's wife
were to be met after her removal, and I
can here truthfully say that he has not
contributed one )>enny toward her support
since she left the Sanitarium. I must say
that no one expects him to do anything
for her, for it is impossible to get blood out
of a turnip."
About a month ago commenced the race
for a divorce. Goldson 6aid he riled his
complaint so as to get ahead of his wife.
The young wife in Los Angeles, how
ever, made the pace, and to-day Goidson
was surprised to hear that the decree had
been granted to her. Although only 26
years of age, this is the second time he
has been divorced.
PANEL CHALLENGED.
Attempt of the Lottery-Dealers' Attor
ney to Dismiss the Jury.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— Attorney
Tom M. Bradley, representing the recent
ly raided Chinese lottery joints, at
tempted to have the entire venire of jurors
summoned to try the first case dismissed
to-day on the pround that Officer Curtis,
who summoned them, was biased.
The attorney claims that the officer told
Thomas Agnew Jr. tbat he desired to get
a conviction in the first case, as if this was
done the other Chinese would likely for
feit bail and not appear for trial.
Officer Curtis denied making any such
statements on the stand, and JuCge Wood
overruled the objection.
THE BANKER'S STORY.
Stephen Little of Dixon Telli in Court
How He Was Bunkoed With
a Gold Brick.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— Andrew
Root, the "assayer" of tho trio, who it is
charged operated the gold-brick swindle
so extensively in this county and by
which Stephen G. Little, the Dixon
banker, dropped $7500, is now on trial for
obtaining money by fraudulent tricks be
fore Judge Greene and a jury.
He was indicted jointly with A. Mills,
alias Charles Gordon, also known as "Big
Foot" Dave, but demanded a separate
trial. The prosecution is being conducted
by District Attorney Charles E. SnooK and
his chief deputy, Lin S. Church. Thede
fense is being conducted by Emil Nns
baumer and Sain P. Hall. Root, who has
been out on bail, was in court with Patsy
Carroll, while Gordon was also present, but
was kept under strict surveillance of
Deputy Sheriffs.
Tbe jury secured to try him consists of
Daniel Crowley, John Gefder, Joseph Har
ris, Jacob Mueller, William Moller, Joseph
Wolfrom, L. W. Hewlett. George Mein
ecke, A. McLeod, Manuel Borges, M. J.
Acton and M. Scheeline.
The District Attorney presented the
statement of the facts, which he expected
to prove a conspiracy between Root and
Gordon to commit crand larceny, after
which Banker Little took the stand and
told his story as related at the prelimi
nary examination.
A DOCTOR'S FIND.
Mysterious Work of Some Young Men
in a Vacant Lot Near
Berkeley.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— While rid
ing out San Pablo avenue Monday about
midnight, Dr. H. N. Rowell, Health
Officer of Berkeley, was hailed by one of a
party of men, and asked where they could
find a physician. He replied he was one,
and desired to know what was wanted.
One man replied: "Come over here and
you will find out."
The party were in a vacant lot near
Delaware street, standing about an object
lying on the ground. He went over to
them and found a young woman lying on
the ground. She was suffering and was
about to become a mother.
One of the men, who were all young,
said they had come from Contra Costa
County with the young woman and were
on their way to Oasland to secure assist
ance, and asked what to do under the cir
cumstances.
The doctor advised them to bring their
patient into the Receiving Hospital in
OaKland, which they promised to do. That
was the last he saw of them, and no one
else has been found who has heard of the
affair. Circumstances give color to the
supposition that there was a considerable
obiect for concealment in the case.
PEACE MAY REIGN.
All Bests Now With the Members of
the County Central Com
mittee.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11. — Tne Re
publican County Central Committee is
called to meet to - morrow afternoon
to consider the compromise measure
offered in regard to the Third Congres
sional District troubles, and many now be
lieve that things have been so patched up
that the hatchet will be buried and the Re
publicans of this county will again present
a solid front to the foe.
The plan is to allow the new Congres
sional Committee to issue a call for pri
maries to be held under control of the
va rious County Central Committees at a
date to be iixed, and the Congressional
convention to be held in Vafiejo, Au
gust 22.
In this county the delegates are to be
elected direct to the convention and tnere
is to be a precinct for each 200 voters, or
practically one for each delegate.
The returns are to go direct to the
County Committee and forwarded to the
Congressional committee within two days,
which will make up the temporary roll,
and all contests are to be decided by the
uncontested. Voters at the primaries must
liave been registered seven days before the
dale of the primary.
The apportionment of the delegates
agreed upon is: Alameda County 47, Con
tra Costa County 0, Solano County 12,
Yolo County 7. Lake County 3, Glenn
County 3, Colusa County 4. Total num
ber of delegates ,85.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told la
Brief Chapters.
Oaklakd Offk-e San Francisco Call, {
908 Broadway, June 11. j
The camp meeting in charge of Evangelists
Carradine and Critteiuon is increasing in at
tendance, interest and power.
A. de Santos of Alameda was found guilty by
a jury in Judge Greene's court yesterdey af'er
noon. He will be sentenced Wednesday.
The Coroner's jury, after hearing the evi
dence regarding the death of Matilda Asmus
sen of Haywards yesterday afternoon, returned
a verdict ol accidental drowning.
The hot waffle wagon which travels the
streets took fire this morning, causing quite
an excitement for a time. The gasoline stove
got too hot and ignited the covering of the
wagon.
A reception will be given to Miss Mary C.
Robinson, a returned missionary from China,
in the parlors of the First Methodist Church,
corner of Fourteenth and Clay streets, to-mor
row afternoon.
Willie Sergei, an 11-year-old boy, was run
over by Earl Williams, who was scorching
along on n bicycle last evening. Young Sergei
was knocked down and run over and had his
right leg badly broken.
G. S. Kobajashi, the Japanese servant ot
Mrs. Pedar Sather, who had trouble with the
Chinese cook, was found guilty of battery by
Judge Wood in the Police Court to-day, and a
fine of $5 was imposed.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
"PROFESSOR JOE"
TO START EAST.
Berkeley's Geologist Leaves
Saturday on a Va
cation.
WILL VISIT SCIENTISTS.
Arranging a Grand Convention
of English-Speaking Men
of Science.
HIGH SCHOOL CLASS GRADUATES
Diplomas Presented to Seventy/Two
Students of the Berkelej High
School.
BERKELEY, Cal., Jane 11.— Professor
Joseph Le Conte, the venerable geologist
and biologist of the State University, will
start for the East on Saturday morning on
the first vacation he has had for seven
years. Professor Le Conte has not missed
a single recitation of his classes during the
whole seven years.
As a result of the professor's visit Cali
fornia may be chosen as the meeting place
of a grand convention of scientific men of
the English-speaking people of the world.
The organizations that will be repre
sented in San Francisco if Professor Le
Conte succeeds in attracting the savants
to the Pacific Coast are the American Na
tional Association for the Advancement of
Science, the British National Association
and the associations of Australia and New
Zealand. If the invitation of Professor Le
Conte is accepted the various societies of
scientists will gather in San Francisco
about August, 1897.
"The main purpose of my trip is recrea
tion," said Professor Le Conte yesterday,
"but i shall be present at a number of con
ferences and shall probably read several
papers.
"In the early part of August I shall take
part in a sort of conference of evolution
ists of the country, to be held in Maine,
and shall read a paper on 'The Relation of
Biology to Philosophy.'
"I go early because I expect to spend
the whole of July and part of August in
New York at work upon new editions of
'The Elements of Geology' and of my work
on 'Sight.' " m
In the latter part of August Professor
Le Conte will attend the annual meeting
in Buffalo of the American National Asso
ciation for the Advancement of Science.
In September the distinguished Berke
ley scientist will leave for England, hav
ing accepted an invitation to meet with
the British National Scientific Association,
which meets during that month in Liver
pool. While in the latter city Professor
Le Conte will be the guest of a committee
of the association.
Professor Le Conte has been chosen by
the Regents of the university to represent
California at the celebration of the one
hundred and fiftieth anniversary of Prince
ton, and will return from England about
the middle of Ociooer to be uresent and
deliver an address at New Jersey's State
university.
In November Professor Le Conte will
take part in the meeting in New York of
the United States Government Academy
of Sciences, and will probably read a
paper. In December he will deliver an
address before the Geological Society of
America, of which he is president, on
'•Different Kinds and Grades of Move
ments of the Earth's Crust."
Before his return to Berkeley, "Profes
sor Joe," as he is called by the students,
will celebrate his golden wedding anni
versary. The happy celebration will take
place in Macon or Millagevile, Georgia,
where Professor Le Conte's granddaugh
ter and daughter reside.
"I shall make every effort to induce the
several organizations I am to visit to hold
their next annual meetings in San Fran
cisco," Baid Professor Le Conte. "If the
railway companies and the steamship
lines between here and Australia will
make concessions I am very hopeful of be
ing able to arrange matters. If it can be
done it will be a grand thing."
Big Graduating Class.
BERKELEY. Cal., June 11.—Seventy
two graduates of the Berkeley High School
received their diplomas this evening. Tl;e
class is the largest that ever left the High
School, and about sixty of the members
will attend the university.
The main features of the graduation ex
ercises, which were witnessed by a very
large audience, was a debate between the
boys' and girls' debating societies of the
school.
The debate was won by the young
ladies, the judges deciding that their case
in favor of the annexation of Cuba was
put with the most force and wasunrefuted
by the objections by members of the
Forum.
The opening challenge was by Miss
Ella M. Bunnell, president of the Young
Ladios' Debating Society, and was replied
to by the president of the Forum, J. L.
Kennedy.
Ten-minute speeches were made by Miss
Margaret E. Doherty, Carlton H. Parker,
Miss Elma M. Mansfield, Erie C. Parks,
Miss Mary T. Gallagher, George 0. Brehm,
after which Miss Doherty was allowed five
minutes to close for tne affirmative. The
decision of the judges. Colonel Greenleaf,
Rev. Geortre B. Hatch, C. W. H. Waste,
was announced by Colonel Greenleaf and
was received with applause.
After the debate Miss Anna M. Grant,
Harold Bradley and N. Claude Gresory
gave a Greek dialogue from the Iliad,
which the audience roundly applauded.
The address to the graduates was by
Professor Senger of the university. Pro
fessor Senger taid that no improvement in
our schools is possible wiihout-a realiza
tion of the true motive and source of in
terest of citizens in the schools, viz.: The
wish for their children's happiness.
"It is easy to make a child nappy if you
interest the mind.
"The foremost influence of a teacher is
in example. No skill as an instructor, no
extraordinary learning can compensate
for lack of those qualities awakening in
tellect. If we could provide every child
with an individual teacher the world
would soon be better for it, in the result
ing better adjustment of methods to tem
peraments of the heart which make for
good in this world."
In conclusion, Professor Senger declared
that the Berkeley High School is and
should be the leading high school of Cali
fornia, and be expressed the hope that it
would soon be provided with a building
imposing in architecture and adequate for
its needs.
P. B. Boone, president of the Board of
Education, presented the diplomas to the
graduates.
In the course of his remarks, which
dealt with the value of specialization in
education, Mr. Boone took occasion to
combat sentiments recently expressed by
Professor Griggs, the "ideal man" of Stan
ford University.
"Although Professor Gricgs denounces
the word science as used in the public
schools, denies the capability of a stu
dent's mind of grasping facts in accord
ance with law, and claims that lower
grade students are not ready for sys
tematic arrangements of facts, my experi
ence and observation have been that such
assertions are mischievous and unscien
tific.
Following are the names of the gradu
ates of the different courses:
Classical course— Harold C. Bradley, Jennie
Ellison, Mary T. Gallagher, Melvin S. Good,
Annie M. Grant, N. C. Gregory, George H.
Senger, Flora Wilson.
Literary course— William J. Acheson, Eliza
beth Anriis, May Bentley, George Brehm, Mor
ris H. Covert, Roy Dickerson, Grace E. Dob
bins, Florence M. Frenier, Lulu F. Frame,
Richard Haseltine, Charlotte Henley, Augustus
Higgina, Allegro Hutton, Elm& Mansfield,
Edward McCieave, Celia Paroni, Peter N. Ras
mussen, L. E. Roberts, Ray Simonds, Agnes
Steedman, Elsie Thompson, Annie B. Voor
hees, Fred Watrous, Stella West, G. H. Masters.
Scientific course— Ella Bunnell, Fred Colby,
Claude de Yore, Lucy W. Deminsj, Margaret
Daherty, Margaret Fee, David Goodale, Paul
Harmon, Ethel L. Heanan, S. Henderson, May
Howell, Alva Hughes, Chester Judson, J. L.
Kennedy, F. W. Kerns, A. W. Kierulff, Millie
Xe\vmark, Carlton Parter, Erie C. Parks, Fred
Reed, H. Roberts, Fred Rucklidgo, Frank
Shideler, Norman E. Smith, Anna Thayer,
Bertie Tucker, Fannie Tyrrell, John T. War- :
ren, Louis Warren, Mark White, George Wil
helm, Herbert M. Woodsum, Harvey Zehner.
Limited students — Daisy M. dark, Viera
Gage, Alice Stewart, Grace Tyrrell.
SlcKisstck-Dornin Wedding.
BERKELEY, Cal., Juno 11.— Louis B.
McKissick, son of Jud c McKissick of
Oakland, was married this afternoon to
Miss A.gned Dornin, daughter -of Mr. and
Mrs. Oscar Dornin, at the residence of the
bride'o parents on Dwight way. The wed
ding was strictly private, only a few of the
most intimate friends and relatives being
present, numbering in all about forty per
sons. The decorations were beautiful and
the presents received were numerous and
elegant. After a short bridal tour the
couple will make their home in Sacra
mento, where the groom is engaged in
business.
At the State Dairy Association.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 11.— Professor
Woodworth and Instructor Jaffa of the
university will leave in a few days to at
tend the meeting of the State Dairy Asbo
ciation in Humboldt County.
Schmidt Closes the Street.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 11.— W. J.
Mrs. Blake- Alvcrson, Who Ha 9 Sung for Fifty Years In Scores of Churches and
Theaters From Boston to San Francisco
[From a photograph.]
Schmidt, whose controversy with Stutt
Bros, regarding the closing of Cedar street
attracted much attention some weeks ago,
to-day succeeded in having the street de
clared closed, and the Stutts have sus
pended work for a few days.
CONFERENCE AT MILLS.
Meetings Being Conducted Under the
Most Favorable Circumstance! at
the College.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— The sum
mer conference at Mills College under the
auspices of the Young TV omen's Christian
Association of the Pacific Coast is now in
successful progress, having begun last
Friday, and will continue until Monday
next.
About fifty young ladies are in regular
attendance, and the days are filled with j
meetings for devotion, for instruction and
for fellowship.
Each morning a Bible study is given by
Dr. E. S. Chapman, followed by a study of
methods of work in cities and in colleges.
The afternoon is devoted to recreation,
and no more Beautiful spot could be found
on the coast than the Mills grounds, with
three miles of walks under great variety of }
shade trees and along and across the
brook that wanders rippling through the
lovely acres.
Me'etines are also held on the hilltop of
an afternoon or about sunset, and in the
evening addresses are given by abk men.
On Sunday last Rev. Dr. Hoyt of Sacra
mento preached two excellent sermons,
and on Tuesday Rev. Dr. Dille of San
Francisco spoke on "The giving Christ."
Wednesday evening Rev. Dr. Hallock
gave the address and others of note will
follow.
The morning and evening: worship and J
the stimulus of touching elbows and com
paring methods, together with an earnest
spirit of consecration, will certainly
strengthen many and fit them for better
work in their several places of service.
Miss Seevres of Chicago conducts the con
ference with grace and efficiency. The
public are welcome to all sessions.
HAS MORE TROUBLE.
Solomon Banmgarten Charged With
Attempting to Avoid Payment
of Alimony.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— Sarah
Baumgarten, who is suing Solomon
Baumgarten for divorce on the ground of
cruelty in that he refused to let her have
food or attendance when their child was
born, now charges him with an attempt to
avoid paying alimony or costs of the pend
ing suit Dy conveying to his minor son, J.
P. Baumgarten, certain property.
In a suit to have these conveyances set
aside filed to-day, she say? she agreed to
marry Baumgarten if he would grant her
a certain portion of his property for her
pole use, and on his promises married him
May 23, 1895.
Will Be Tested.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— The right of
merchants to offer a chance for a big prize
w ith every purchase of poods is likely to
be tested in the courts. The Chief of Po
lice believes it is a lottery scheme under
the law and has notified several who are
doing so to desist on that ground.
Some have complied with the request,
while other refuse to comply and say they
will test the matter,
Gold-Sniking Delayed.
LIVERMORE, Cal., June 11.—Thecere
m ony of laying the last rail of the Corral
Hollow road in the canyon near Liver
njore, which was programmed lor to-day,
had to be postponed, owing to some delay
in building the last section. The two gold
spiKes will be driven some day next week.
HAS SUNG FOR
HALF A CENTURY
Mrs. Blake-Alverson Lent
Her Voice to Aid Union
Soldiers.
HER JUBILEE RECEPTION
Made Her Debut in an Ohio
Church When a Little
Maid of io.
SINGS AS LUSTILY AS EVER.
Helped Largely to Carry San Ber
nardino for Harrison and Re
publicanism.
Oakland Office Sah Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 11. j
Fifty years ago to-morrow, at the First
Presbyterian Church in Cincinnati, a little
maiden 10 years old made her first appear
ance as a chorister in the church choir.
The notes of praise were then girlish,
but rich enough to attract attention. To
day, after half a century of generous use,
that voice is still rich and sweet, but mel
lowed and made richer and sweeter with
years.
The possessor of the childish voice that
caused staid Ohioan Presbyterians to won
der so long ago was Miss Margaret Krob,
known to the past generation and a half
as Mrs. Blake-Alverson. To-morrow this
lady will be tendered a jubilee reception
by her pupils at her home on Broadway.
Thousands of people who have heard
Mrs. Blake-Alverson sing in the long past
will be surprised to learn that, although 60
years of age, she is still alive and singing,
and as animated as ever. When 15 years
old she came to California and landed in
Stockton in the winter of 1852.
During the early years of pioneer days
she sang in the Presbyterian, Methodist
and Baptist churches, and finally in the
Episcopal church, all in Stockton. In
those days the Slough City's spiritual
welfare was attended to by Rev. Cnarles
Wood and Rector John Hager, names now
almost forpotten. From Stockton the
youthful singer, then 19, went t6 Benicia
and sang in Dr. Woodbridge's choir for a
time, after which she returned to Stock
ton, where at the age of 21 she married
! George Blake.
A year later Mr 3. Blake went to Boston
[ and sang in the old Bullfinch and Sailor
' chuTcbes. When the war broke out Mrs.
j Blake was a singer in the Dedham choir
of Dr. Burgess' Congregational church.
Ail through the war the choir was made
distinguished by raising money for the
soldiers and sending to the front all neces
sary things for their comfort.
The choir was one of five under tne
direction of Edwin Bruce, a celebrated
musician of tiiat time, and whenever a
concert was given full houses and coffers
were the result. Several times the choirs
i united in Fremont Temple and Mrs.
Blake was always to the front on account
of her beautiful voice.
Mrs. Blake returned to California in
1862 and sung successively in the Mrst
Presbyterian Church, St. John's Presby
terian, the old Calvary Church on Bash
street, Trinity Church, St. Mary's on Cali
fornia and Dupont. In 1868 she went to
Santa Cruz and sang in several churches
there for seven years. While there Mrs.
Blake assisted in buying the first fire
engine owned by the town. She donated
her talent, and as a result $60 was raised,
which helped to purchase the engine now
in use. After her return to San Francisco
Mrs. Blake devoted herself entirely to
music, and not a festival of any kind was
given at which she did not sing.
Her voice has been heard in every
church, theater or hall built during the
last twenty-seven years in California.
She sang in the California Theater on July
4, when Seward was in the boxes, and also
at Union-square Hall for King Kalakaua.
For over sixteen years she sang in various
churches and synagogues, and in 1887 Mrs.
Blake went to San Bernardino and sang
in Episcopal and Catholic churches.
In San Bernardino County the well
known singer figured in politics. All
through Harrison's campaign she was
engaged to sing for the Republican League
and carried the whole county for Harrison,
and at the same time swept every Demo
crat out of office for the first time in the
political history of the county. So great
was the victory that the newspapers
printed the news in carmine.
For over six years Mrs. Blake-Alverson
has been singing in Oakland, and her
voice has been lor all the half century of
her professional career at the disposal of
every charity and worthy call. At pres
ent she is the musical director of the First
Lutheran Church.
Although 60 years old, Mrs. Blake-
Alverson is still an active worker, but she
says that nothing ever gave her more
pleasure than to sing in Fremont Temple
over thirty years ago for the benefit of the
Union soldiers.
Tho Whitney Estate.
OAKLAND, Cal., Juno 11.— The estate
Auction Bales
85 ROOMS ELEGANT FUMITIRE
TO BE SOLD AT PUBLIC AUCTION.
LAURENCE VINCENT,
General Auctioneer and Commission Merchant,
Office, room 610, Spreckels Building, 927 Market st.
_ THIS DAY,
Ftt«lay June 13, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., on the premises,
522 POt, X ST ., NR. GOLDEN GATE AY.,
I WILL SKLL
Tne Elegant Furniture contained In 35 rooms:
Parlor Upholster/; Oak, Walnut, Cherry and Ash
Chamber Suits; i; P dstf-ad3, Bureaus, Wardrobes,
Chiffoniers, Elegant Folding Beds, Tapestry Car-
pets, spring and Cun e d Hair Mattresses, Blankets,
Spreads, Feather Pil'ows, '-h 'ets, etc.; Extension
Table, Ranges and an immense quantity of useful
Household Furniture too numerous to mention.
Note— The especial attention of furniture deal-
ers, lodglog-house keepers and the public in
general Is called to this sale.
Terms— Cash. •
LAURENCE VINCENT, Auctioneer.
of ex-Senator Georee E. Whitney, de
ceased, was ordered distributed to-day ac
cording to the terms of the will. After
each of the children is given $3500 the
widow is to have the balance of the $250,
-000 estate.
•—• — ♦ — •
FOUND IN THE BAY.
Mysterious Death ot Henry B. Baldwin
Some Time Daring Last
Night.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11.— The body
of Henry B. Baldwin of 908 Seventh
avenue was found partially imbedded in
the mud near the eastern end of the First
street railroad bridge. East Oakland, this
morning by Albert Larsen of 1218 Eleventh
avenue. From all appearances the body
had been in the water but a short time.
There were no shoes on his feet, nor did
he have on an overshirt, which leads to
the supposition that he had hurriedly
arisen from bed and neglected to dress
himself fully. From the position in which
the body was found it was possible for the
man to have jumped or fallen from the
railroad trestle. There were no marks of
violence to support a belief that he was
struck by a train.
The body was not identified until this
evening. He conducted a coalyard at
Tenth and Market streets, but there is no
explanation offered as to how he got into
the bay.
Alameda Brevities.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 11.— The young
nephew of Mrs. George Searie. 1117 Chest
nut street, fell off a fence yesterday and
broke both bones of his left forearm. He
is on a visit here from Vancouver, B. C.
Two well-dressed young men, who gave
their names as Joseph l^merson and
Thomas Williams, were brought before
Justice Swasey this morning and sen
tenced to five days' imprisonment in the
County Jail. They were found sleeping in
a haycock.
Tho Young Men's Club, in connection
with the First Presbyterian Church, held
an entertainment and social this evening
in the church parlors.
Guiseppe Vignolo, who died about a
month ago, left an estate appraised at $5500
to his wife and children. The latter went
to Italy some two years since. Now. Dr.
F. W. Kiehl has filed a claim against the
estate for $1000 for medical attendance.
Dr. Mervy values his services in the sum
of $500, and the woman who had charge of
his house believes $700 would about recom
pense her for nursing him for ten days.
Vienolo's old employer, J. H. Cory, has
taken steps to fight the claims.
OAKLAND MAY BE FIRST
Director Watt Makes a State
ment Regarding the Valley
Road.
Will Build This Way Soon if the
Present Opposition Is
Continued.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 11. f
The difficulty experienced by the Valley
Railroad in procuring rights of way be
tween Fresno and BaKerstield may result
in the road being brought from Stockton
to a point near Oakland.
Director Robert Watt discussed the mat
ter very freely last night. He said :
"It is quito certain that the road will
come into Oakland, or, at least, very near
to Oakland, but as yet nothing has been
definitely decided as to the route to take.
The directors have not yet had any ac
curate surveys made of the country be
tween here and Stockton. It is going to
be pretty hard to get into Oakland, for the
reason that the most accessible routes are
now held by the Southern Pacific. We
cannot follow the bay shore by way of
Martinez, nor can we come through
Niles Canyon, as the Southern Pacific
is already in possession of both these
passes.
"Probably of the remaining routes that
through the Dublin Pass would be the
most desirable. However, after we have
the road over the divide, we yet have a
very serious obstacle to overcome and that
is Oakland itself. The people may be with
us and the City Council, too, but when it
comes to running the road through a city
there are always people who will oppose it
on personal grounds. This has been our
experience at Stockton. We were invited
to build into that city and there was great
rejoicing over having a competing "line.
Now, however, that the road has been
built, we are receiving many complaints
and threats of damage suits. Some com
plain that they have been injured by tho
road being graded up a few feet, as was
necessary on account of overflows in the
winter. Others object to smoke and others
to noise.
"In building into Oakland these things
will have to be considered. It would be
more desirable for the Valley road to
come into Oakland from the south, as
there would be a more thickly settled ter
ritory to draw business from." We might
want to build a branch to San Jose and
other localities in that direction. How
ever it would probably be more difficult to
get into Oakland from the south on ac
count of the Southern Pacific being al
ready there and on account of that por
tion "of the city being pretty well built up.
"The road could without doubt be built
to the north of Oakland with less opposi
tion than along its southerly boundary.
As to the Valley road taking the Califor
nia and Nevada route which ends at
Emeryville, li this should be done the
present grades could not be used at all.
They are too steep and sharp as at present
constructed. They might be improved by
tunneling, but this would involve a con
siderable amount of work."
As regards the objection of the land
owners between Fresno and Bakersfield to
granting a right of way for the company,
Mr. Watt said that they had considerable
reason for raisinsr a protest, as, owing to
the contour of the valley, the route which
the railroad had to take was almost diago
nal to the section lines. This would result
in the small holdings of the fruit ranchers
being cut into two triangular pieces, mak
ing it very inconvenient for the owners.
Mr. Watt said that the company was de
sirous of building on to Bakersfield first,
as that would afford relief to the greatest
number of shippers, and the road could be
built much more cheaply that way. How
ever, if this could not be done, the road
material which had been contracted for
would be ample to build this way into Oak
land.
Fried shrimps and grasshoppers are sold
in the markets of Mexico. Both are
cooked whole and so eaten.
PAVILION AUCTION BOUSE.
319-381 SutterSt., Above Grant Art.
THIS DAY.
Friday June 13, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
702 van Ness Avenue, Near Turk Street,
1 WILL SKI. I. THE ...
CONCERT GRAND i I'KICiHT PIANO,
Elegant Pieces Oak Upholstery, Krench-plate Gold-
leaf Mantel Mirror, Proof Ktchings, Brlc-a-Brac,
Lace Curtains. Portieres, Grand English Oak
Chamber Set. Oak Folding Bed ana Bureau, Rock-
ers, Chairs, Couches. Magnificent O:ik Sideboard,
Kxtension Table and Chars, Glassware, Water-
back Ilange, Agateware, etc.; Body Brussels Car-
pet, good as new.
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saledays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telpphone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY.
Friday June 12, 1896,
At 10 o'clock a. m. at salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth,
WE WILL si: i,i,
1 Elegant Line of Furnitur,'. i 'irp.'ts. Upright Piano,
I stoves and Kanges: also Counters. Showcases,
! Vienna Chairs, Rpfrfgerator. Crockery, Glassware,
' etc. CHAS. LEVY <fc CO.. Auctioneers.
VAN COURT DISMISSED
No Longer Superintendent and
Boxing Instructor of the
Acme Club.
Directors Declare He Was Working
in the Interests of the
Reliance.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 11. )
The trouble that has been brewing in
the Acme Club reached a climax to-night.
A meeting of the directors was held, and
De Witt Van Court was dismissed from
the employ of the club as boxing instructor
and superintendent.
The trouble commenced about six
months ago, when Lou Hardie was dis
charged to make room for Van Court.
About half of the club favored each man
and there was great danger at the time of
there being a serious split. A few weeks
ago the directors, feeling that the best in
terests of the club demanded that eyery
economic move should be taken that was
possible, suggested that the instructors be
laid off for the summer months, when
most of the members are out of town.
This was very unpleasant news to Van
Court, and it is said that the Reliance
Club, the great rival of the Acme, at once
told Van Court that they would employ
him if he could bring seventy-five mem
bers of the Acme Club into the Reliance.
This was reported to the Acme directors,
and at to-night's meeting they decided to
dispense with Van Court's services forth
with.
The meeting was a very exciting one
and lasted till 11 o'clock. The whole of
the proceedings are not given out, but it
was stated that several members of the
club bad been acting in a manner unbe
coming to them and that there was
likely to be many suspensions on account
of delinquency of dues.
One of the directors said to-night:
"When we met to-night we sent for Van
Court and told him of all that we had
heard and he admitted that it was true.
We then discharged him from being sup
erintendent and boxing instructor and
also dismissed him from membership in
the club.
"He was a • life memoer and was the
founder of the club about fifteen year*
ago. He is one of the best-known athletic
instructors on the coast, but we had no
alternative after he acknowledged that he
was working in the interests of the Reli
ance Club. We also appointed Lou. Hardie
as superintendent."
Rev. Wendte Will Return.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 11. — Rev.
Charles W. Wendte and his bride will re
turn to this city from Boston about July
1. A leading member of his church says
Mr. Wendte will not accept the call to the
East, but will remain in Oakland.
THE BARRON CASE AGAIN
San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum Mixes in the
Suit.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme
Bsnch Issues a Writ on the
San Jcse Court.
Chief Justice Beatty of the Supreme Court
yesterday issued an order commanding
Judges Reynolds and Lorigan of the Santa
Clara County Superior Court to forward to
the Supreme Court a full certified tran
script of the doings in the Barron will
case.
The order is the result of a petition of
the San Francisco Protestant Orphan
Asylum asking for a writ of review of
the famous case. The petitioner says that
it was not made a party to the original
contest of the will of Edward Barron
instituted by George Barron and wag
never cited in the case until May 26,
1896, when a citation which is said to
be illegal was served upon it. There
fore the orphan a"syl Qm prays that a
writ oi review of the case be issued and
that pending the hearing of the applica
tion the court direct that all proceedings in
the matter of the petition of George Bar
ron to revoke the will of Edward Barron,
so far as the San Francisco Protestant
Orphan Asylum is concerned, be stayed,
and particularly that no default be entered
against the petitioner for failure to answer
the citation issued May 26 by the Santa
Clara County court.
It is further petitioned that a writ of re
view be issued to Judges Reynolds and
Lorigan, commanding them to certify to
the Supreme Court a full transcript of the
proceedings in the George Barron contest,
and that when the filing is made an order
be issued setting aside the order of the
Santa Clara court directing the citation of
May 26.
Again, it is desired that George Barron's
petition for the revocation of Edward Bar
ron's will, so far as the petitioner is con
cerned, be dismissed.
The San Francisco^Orphan Asylum is a
legatee in the Barron will in the sum of
$5000.
LATEST SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YOKK-Arrlved June U-Stmr Werken
dam, from Rotterdam.
Sailed June 11—Sttaf Zaandam.for Amsterdam;
gtrnr Norman la, for Hamburg.
CHERBOURG!— Arrived oat June 11— Stmr
ColumMa.
NAPLES- Arrived ont June 11— Strar Fnlda.
BREMERHAVEN'-Ajrrived ont June 11-Stmr
Sprpe.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 11— Stmr Rhyn
lan I, from Philadelphia
GENOA— Sailed June 11-Stmr Werra, lor New
York.
ROTTERDAM— SaiIed June 11-Stmr Amster
dam, for New York.
LONDON— Arrived out June 11— Stmr Mooile.
Sailed June 11— Strar Moiiawk, for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed June 11— stmr Illinois, from
Philadelphia to Antwerp.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
&k«J| 625 X IAK.V V %T. ' Established
■fir 1 *^^!!) ISS» for the treatment of Private
ffl-l-O-^W Diseases, Lest Manhood. Debility or
QHB Wb disease wearing on body and mind and
CvM H Skin Diseases. be doctor cures when
29 others fall. Try him. Charges low.
!!M ■rnrrnKiiarnnlprd. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. *'. UIBBOX. Box 1937, SanFr&nclaco.
1314
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL
F H Huserot, Cleveland Wm Wilson Jr. Clevelnd
<■ M Favy, San Joso J G Darden, Cincinnaii
\V X Deiismore <fc w.Cal A Carl, N V
.am, JunctCity C H Hill, Belolt, W is
- r^ i .' Webster, Ohio C N Beal, N V
\ T Gunieli, w & d, Colo J S Tobin & wf, San Jose
3 Kreiinan, Sacramento F A West, Stockton
Miss U T Bant a, Brfclyn Mrs T F Coleman. Can
* iss A \V Banta, BrklynMiss coleman, Toronto
Miss A O Atkins, Brklyn MissG Freeman, si J
Wm Krvsdale.Sn Mateo
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F A Peterson. Satna Cruz A Fibush. Oakland
F R Borier, San Jose C W Morton, Sac
t X Phlpps. sac G W Hall &s. Vallejo
W Jenkins. Yallejo Mrs Jenkins. Vallejo
M : ss J>unne. Vallejo Mrs J Schneider, Vallejo
Mra T Rose, Vallejo H Kendnck, Los Awreles
s F Hotemun. San Jose S Hickinbotham.Stockto
M .1 Malouey,* w.Milwa R Graham. X V
j I 1I 1 Williams &w. Ohio Mr Chorinsen&f, Harrisb
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
r (; Hartwell, Dov.mevil Harry Montron, Tulare
.! ( Van Email, US N Wvv Kuns, Seattle
Fillers, 0 8 N U FOX, V SX
A Haekett, Alameda H Within, .New Orleans
( i . Grant, St Johns X H Downey, Stockton
11 Winsor. Los Angeles H S Lunt, N V
c X Webbe, St Helena J>irs HSlilford&f.lrucke
Q Hun & w.Los Angeles C A Keiss 4 w, Modesto
.1 Billings, Modesto W Janiz, Chicago
J Miller, rnicagn F A Marsh. Fresno
. suntone D Canter, Santone
11 (i Lower, Deaawood A Ray, Si Paul
BROOKLYN HOTEL.
T Bournes. Fort Bragg W F Cothran, San Jose
M Leonard. San Jos«- C Hnrbert, san Katael
D Bowiy, san Rafael W Walker* w. Sacto
( C \ntran, Forbstown Mrs A Bird & c, fan Rosa
Mrs J S Hedden <fe s, NJ J Monroe &w, San Jose
T Leaver, San Mateo NY H Cooke, \ alleio
P Kuudsen, Sonora James Smith, Sonora
C .Mark well, Reno H J Pratt, Reno
w ( Grant, Hopland P Coppey &w, Ireland
H Loll, Conn J W Oilman «fe w, Arts
C W Arnett, W Va J M Fleming, V\ Va
w D Allen. Chicago George W Lee, Sonora
L Ii Cargiß, Sonora F T Everett, Chicago
Johu Lock, Chicago
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J Bold, Minn J David, Minn
J V Love. Ogden E McVeagh, salt Lake C
Mrs W Bourne, Alameda R Wing, Stockton
C Moberstine <fe w, N V T J McGrath, Watsonvlle
A O Inghani. Honolulu M Heyworth. Boston
M X Crandall, Honolulu ii D steinman, Los Ang
C Harrison. Portland Mrs B Carr, Portlaud
J J Lewis ,t w, Crockett T Brown, lowa
0 R French, Portland Miss Anderson, Tmplton
T Martin A w, Prt Costa James Feenan. Prt Costa
W Younc, Port Costa T O'Connor, Portland
X Kak-r, 1 ortland W D sephenson, Wat-
N I>avis, sonvilie
1 de Turk, Pa T Redmond. Mexico
Mrs M, Howard, San Jose Mrs E Mci.ride, Dixon
W U Spencer, Fresno C Oliver &w, Jackson
LICK HOI
V v -pencer, San Jose M S Green, Sacramento
.1 T York, Napa F MeGowan. Eureka
.1 I. I, miner. Holiister J P Uaynes, Knreka
.1 \ Wnddeil. sta (lara <: C Freeman, Fresno
Clara N w ilcox, Butte W X Dow, Chicago
\ Dow .t w, Chicago Miss H E How. Chicago
E W Allen, San Jose F A Fee & w, Madera
\ I. ( olton. California F Wise, Keswick
Mrs -M W Mil .incs.s jose J A Fairchild, san Jose
M S Say re, Lakeport J A Jamison, Tacoma
W X salmon A w, 111 C E Gemrn A w. Boston
<W \> iiv s. >an Jose F Hollister<fc fm, scruz
P 1" (iray ,t w. N V Miss Jessie Gray, S V
i. clarkso-i, Madera GW Wellington &w,Tex
Miss <: Wellington, Tex Mrs A Peters, Los Ang
Miss Peters, Los A,ngelea Miss Bessie Lythe, C?al
Oscar Young, Los Ang J P Tracey &w, Fresno
A P Davis. Sacto G 1' Smith, Sacto
F P Glenn. Sacto J C Rasmussen. S Jose
< . A Me Bain, I.os Ang l> A Mcßae, Los Angeles
J J Smith, Stockton
GRAND HOTEL.
Mi«s L L Myers, (.'al Max Myers. N Bloomfield
W X Peterson. Sacto W Johnson, Courtland
T Bull. San Jose 1> W Bnrchard, san Jose
J l: Pattou, sau Jose M W Kosenshlne, Cal
J M Pettigrew, Cal H Effey, Santa Cruz
W !I l..ing, Cal 8 F Bradley, Cal
A Jackson. Cal J G Gray, Cal
X M Attey, San Jose T P Williams, San Jose
<• U S._ail, San Jose Mrs T N Gorham, Mass
Miss F (iorham, Mass H Hoyorth Jr, Cal
JI K i iiij. N V CE Shepard. Seattle
Mrs D B North, Eureka Mrs T W Heintzelum,
M A Replogie, Akron Stockton
Mrs C A \S akefield, Cal R P Lathrop, Holiister
A P Lathrop, Holiister Mrs J J Kt-lley. Salinas
Miss M Kelley, Salinas Mrs J J Connor, Salinas
Miss Eva Cunnor.Salinas A O Erwiu & w, Tulare
F Jacob, Cal Thomas Bull, mv Jose
J I i lapp. Chicago J A Brent, Salt Lake
F B Cal G W Elsey, Modesto
J J Pratt, Yuna City JG Eckles. Watsonville
Dr L.W Bempe.Sebastopl A J Burton. Boston
F A Boon, Red Bluff Miss R T Counsil. Cal
Miss G Counsil, Red Bluff O A Hurley, sacto
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Jacob Davidson to Sarah Davidson, lot on S line |
of Tyler (Golden Gate avenue 87:6 W of Larkin,
W 50 by a 120; also lot on N line of Washington j
street. 126:11/4 Eof Kearny, E 45:7%, X 100, \V j
45:7%. s 100; gift.
Joseph J. and Jeremiah F. Shelly to Morris !
Windt, lot on ft line .of Pine street, 262:6 W of
Polk, W 25 by s 120; 810.
Philip G. Galpin to Howard Havens, lot onNE
corner of Gout;h and Broadway, E 87:6 by N |
138:6: also property In sauta Clara County: S5.
Arie Van Wie to Mary c Bulterworth, lot on W
Hue of Octavia street. 106 s, of Union. S 31 by W
72; $10.
J. B. Butterworth to same, same: irift.
Thomas and Kosle Cuneo (nee Devoto) to David j
Devoio. undivided one-third interest In lot on SE i
line of Mission street, 203:4 SW of Ninth. SW I
17:6 l.y si. 100; $10.
James T. and Alex Campbell to P. J. McGovern,
lot on \V line of Valencia streec, 92 S of sixteenth,
30 by \V 88 : .$ 1 0.
Maggie G. Fowaen (administratrix of the estate
of Thomas W. U. Graham) to John Sullivan, lot
on B line of Valencia street, 34:5 N of Twenty
fourth, X 25 by E 90; $4300.
Maggie C. Fowaen to same, same: $10.
P. B. and Alice B. Elderkin to Thomas H. Lind- j
say, lot on N line of Twenty-fifth street, 71:2% E !
of Valencia. hi 46:3%, N 38:2%, sw 54; $10.
G. ar.d Barbara Lambrecht to John O'Hare. lot I
on \V line of Alabama street, 126 N of Twenty- |
sixth. N 25 by W 100: $ISOU.
N. J. and Olive A. Mone (by P. B. Oliver, com- ,
missioner) to Hiberma savings and ■ Loan
Society, lot on W line of Dolores street, 114 sof !
Twenty-third. & 70:6, W 133, N 84:6, E9. S 14, i
E 124: $7023.
>. A. and Mary L. Born to Antonia Bosse, lot On j
X line Of Castro street, 51:0 N of Twenty-third, N
25 by 105; $10.
Hanna Lassen to Robert Williamson, lot on N I
line of Thirtieth street, 205 W of Douglass, vv 25
by N 114; *5.
Christina Van Demark to Charles C. Moore, lots
242 and 251, Heyman Tract: $10.
Thomas and Marie R. Robins to Henry Antony,
lot on s line of North Point, 60 W ot Hyde, W 190
by S 137:6: $10.
James P. smith to Arnold Heidtmann, lot on
line of Hnmboldt street, 125 Eof Vermont, E 25
by N 100: 10.
Richard R. and Karen S. Krull to Samn°l T.
Pearl, lot on E line of Connecticut street, 375 S of '
Napa, S 2 . by E 100; $10.
Alexander W. Weil and Alexander Herman to
H nrv seller, lot on N\V corner of clement street
and Thirtieth avenue, N 135, W 73, SE 135:6, E j
60:6: $10.
Benjamin M. Gunn (administrator of the estate
or Roo«rt \V. Gunn) to Annie C. Martin, lot on E
line of Twelfth avenue, 100 s of Point Lobos
avenue, S 50 by X 120; $1310.
Annie C.Martin to Wilhelmina C. Hansen, lot
on E line of Twelfth avenue, 125 S of Point Lobos
avenue, s 25 by E 120; $10.
Emily Meyer to W. H. Mays, lot on N line of B
street, 32:6 E of Nineteenth avenue, E 50 by
N 100; $10.
Richard and Sophia Andrews to Joseph Fassler,
lot on s corner Huron and Niagara avenues, SE
237 by SW 240, lots 1, 2, 3, block 3, West Ena
Map 1: $10.
Thomas and Kosie Cuneo (nee Devoto) to David
Devoto, undivided one-sixth of lots 142, 143, 144,
Gift Map 1: $10.
Henry and Mary Belting to Samuel B. Johnson,
lot on N line of Palmetto avenue, 190 B of
Capitol. E 40 by N 125, block B, Railroad Home
stead; $10.
AI.AMKIIA COUNTY. I
Julius K. and Lizzie Lux to Margaret M. Bullock
(wife of H. E.), lot on SW corner of Filbert and
Eighth streets, S 50 by W 100, being the N 50 feet
lots 9 and 10, block K. Market-street Tract, Oak
land; $10.
.Augustus Had»ler to W. H. Trowell, lot on W
line of Fleuranee avenue, 856 N of Hopkins street.
N 44 by W 153:4. being lot 4, block C, Peralta
Park. Berkeley; $10.
Caroline M. Runkle to Charles M. Shortridge, lot
on N corner of Roseriale and Jessie streets, N\V
100 by NE 100, being lots 26 and 27, block 4.
Fltchburg Homester^ lots; also lot on N corner of
Roiedale and Cora streets. NW 100 by NX 100.
being ots 20 and 21, block 6, same tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
J. S. and Annie N. Johnson to William G. Hen-
Bhdw, lot on S line of Tenth street, 40 E of Kirk
ham, E 25:8 by S 100, being lot 26 and
portion lot 27, map of blocks 549 and 550, and
portion block 561, Oakland; $10.
Edward McCormack to Louisa McCormack, lot
on NW corner of E Ninth street and Park way, N3O
by W 60, being lot 20 of Badgers subdivision,
block 11, Clinton, jtS Oakland; gift.
Cary Howard to Nellie F. Man, lot 20 and 8 % i
of Jot 21, block C, Broadway and Telegraph ave
nue, Park Tract, Oak! mid Township; $10.
R. H. ana Mary K. Parkison to Mand and Elolse
Parkisou, lots 4 ana 5 of subdivision 17, Glen Echo
Tract, Oakland Township! $500.
Minnie Vaughnn (wife of C. H.) to Emma F.
■ Heywood (wife of Samuel), lot on E line of (Sher
man street, 151.60 N of University avenue, N 10
E 134 65. S 10, W 134.77 to beginning, being por
tion of lot 7, Twitcbell Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Edward C. Harrison (administrator estate of
Samuel Hill) to J. A. Kemmel, lot on N line of
Clinton avenue, 200 E of Willow street, E 50 by
N 130, block O, Pioneer Homestead Association,
Alamedi.: $12uO.
Delia Trelease (wife of William X.) to H. W. '
Bedford, lot on E line of Chapin street, 25 Sof
Kagle avjenue, S 25 by E 100, block 6, Chapin
Tract, Alameda: $300.
Simon and Ellen F. Foscalina to Adolpbe Grlsll,
lot on Ji line of Jones line, 251 70 N of Junction
avenue, E 162 5, N 50.08. W 165.7, S 50 to be
ginning, being the Nha of lot 15, Map of Liver
more Heights Tract, Murray Township: $10.
J. if. and Dell C. Woodward to E. H. K. John
son, lot on NE line of East Eleventh" street, 175
SE ot Thirteenth avenue. SE 40 by NE 125, block
39, Clinton, except that portion granted to High
land Park and i-'rultvale Rnilroad for street rail
way right of way. East Oakland: $10.
i:. 11. R. Johnson to F. J. Woodward, lot on NW
corner of Twelfth and Villa streets, N 79 by W
100, being 'ots 10 and 11, block 2, revised map of
s. n I'ai.lo-avenue Villa Tract, Oakland Township; '
$1000. •
Mary K. Uolton to O. E. Olsen, lot on W line of
Laurel street, 120 ~ of Clnton avenu*-, 8 40 by W
1 30, being lot 7, block B, Bellevue Tract, Alame
da; $10. :
Edward Geldermann to Alice Geldermann, lot
on SE corner of Nineteenth street and San Jose
avenue, S 60 by E 108, being lot 7. block 15,
amended map. Bartlett Tract, Alameda: $1.
Mary Schmlermund to Friedrlch Schmlermund,
lot 18, Regent-street Homestead Tract, Brooklyn;
gift.
F. J. Woodward to Nicholas J. Sweeny, lot 7,
block E, M elrose-station Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
M. E. smitnson to Catherine McLaughlin. lot on
E line of Campbell street. 28:3 S of Fourteenth,
S 1.6 by E 104, being lot 15, block 726-A. map of
resubd'ivision of portion of blocks 726-A, 727-A
and 727- B, Oakland: $10. .
Albert M. and Eliza A. Davis to David H. and
Kate Howe, lot on NWllne of Twelfth avenue, 75
sw of East Nineteenth street, 5W75:6 by NW
75. blocic 110. Fast Oakland; $10.
J. N. ' Williams to Lucretia J. Nusbanm, lot on
N line of Forest avenue, 123 W of Center street,
W6l by N 102:6 being lot 10, block A, property
of Berkeley Homestead Association, Berkeley;
$10.
Frederick and Anna C. Bammann to Helen A.
Goodwin (wife of George M.), lot on E line of Paru
street, 100 S of Buena Vista avenue, S 40 by E
100. lots 9 and 10, block 40, Enciual, Alameda;
$10.
James. A. and Virginia A. Waymire to _. G.
Jones, lot on NW corner of Clement avenue and
Muibery street, N 130 by W 60, block 15, lands
adjacent to Encinal, Alameda; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Board of education of San Francisco with
William Miden, •intin?. etc., of Harrison School
building, on N line of Grove street, 137:6 W of
Larkin, $4937: Charles I. Havens, architect.
Same with J. H. McKay, alterations to Bernal
Heights School building, on sit corner of Cortland
and Andover avenues, $24,290; architect, Charles j
I. Havens.
San Francisco Gaslight Company with S. H. I
Kent, tinwork, etc., for building on S line of Post
street, 116 W of Powel , $19,227; Clinton Day,
architect-
Same with Raymond Granite Company, granite
work, same, $11,120; same architect.
Same with Richardson <_ Gale, concrete work,
etc., same, $22,532, same architect.
■* — *
Of the sixty-six leading clubs of New
York, having a resident membership of
nearly 40,000, thirty-one have been or
ganized since 1880, a fact showing that |
club life in that city is a comparatively re- |
cent development and rapid growth. Only
nine of the sixty-six clubs were organized
before tho war, and of these the Union is
the oldest, dating back to 1836.
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of tha San Francisco Cali*.
TlO Market street, open until 13 c clock eve—
eight in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery itr*«t
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opet
ontil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
-______--_-_-_--_--_-_-_-_-_-_-— _—— — I
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
j^^^Y^RiiA^U^SfA^oir^GTrOFF^Eß^
ft— ' fectionNo. I— Regular meeting THIS *©*
(FRIDAY') EVENING, June 12, at 8 A
o'clock. Degree five. i>x\
GEORGE J. HOBE, Sec.
VPS* MOUNT MORIAH LODGE NO. •
sPjC' 44. F. and A. M.— Officers and mem-_^V^
bers are respectfully requested, to assemble *j_^_B''
SATURDAY. June 13, at _ p. M.. for the/V^ '
purpose of attending the funeral of our late broth-
er, CHRISTIAN SCHEURER. By order of the
W. M. THEO. FROLICH, Sec.
BCS= ELEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- *,*
SF-w^ nic and family reunion of the tySj*
Servian Montenegrin L. and B. Society, jfIERST. !
SUNDAY, June 14,1896. at California fi"_*Tf""2_j
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. Boats «*_n_fS
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market St., BJcHw!
at 9:30 and 11 a. m. arid 1:30 and 3:30 jffHjJifliJ
p. m. Special train will leave park at XSfgiiSr
6:30 p. m. Adut's ticket, round trip, in- r &K ar
eluding admission to the park, 50c; children's
ticket, 25c. Grand tombola; first prize $30 cash,
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE.
1
special notices.
t?i^~DlisTl_oT ;: AiTN r A3rD^^ I
vb<£' moved to 1370 Markets!. ; poor treated free, j
_^_S=" BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4; I
IF*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montev su. room 6. Tel. 6580. !
__^S=- NOTICE— ABANDONED CHILDREN
I*—^ In the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum ,
since January, 1896— Martha Frost, age 7 years; i
Anna Deeney, age 10 years: Rose Deeney, age 6 i
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary Hig- |
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS of CHARITY.
*__§= COFFiSY'S collection cot 236
I*** 9 Kearny St., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
75 eTnD~NO?
CF-6' 32 ('-5 cents per share) of the Hutchlnson i
Sugar Plantation Company will be payable at the I
office of the company, 327 Market si., on and !
after SATURDAY, June 20. 1896. Transfer- i
books will close Saturday. June 13. 1896. at 12
i o'clock M. K. H. SHELDON, Secretary. j
SITUATIONS tVANTED-FEMALE.
"a " MERICAN HOUSEKEEPER, 4 CHAMBER- I
A mads, 10 waitresses, all first-class references,
want situations; city and country. Address C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary si. I
"VTUMBER OF GIRLS OF ALL NATIONALI
-•> ties awaiting situations. MRS. HIRD, 721.
Ellis st.
EXPERIENCED YOUNG LADY', SPEAKS !
X_ English, German and French, wishes to find I
an appointment In a store: wases $15 an board; '
references given. Address S. E., box 93, Call.
p ERMAN GIRL, WITH CITY' REFERENCES, ;
VX wants situation for upstairs or second work in
private family; city. Address 1148 Hotter st., I
room 28.
GERMAN GIRL WANTS SITUATION
-> to do upstairs work and sewing. Call or ad-
dress 2505% Mission st.
p ERMAN WOMAN, WITH CHILD 6 YEARS !
I \J old, wants situation as ranch cook or as work- .
Ing housekeeper. Call or address 2028 Folsom st. j
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS ANY KIND
\J of work by the day. Call or address 316 Minna. I
pOMPETENT WOMAN WANTS A PLACE TO !
I \J do light housework or housekeeping In small !
family; good reference; moderate wages: -country :
i preferred ; call two days. 732 Howard St.
POSITION AS GOVERNESS BY EXPERIEN- {
ced young lady; English branches taught; also
I Spanish and music. Ad. S. A., box 46, Call Office. '
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION TO
\J take care of an infant or grown children. Call
or address 1429 Polk st.
I WOMAN, UNDERSTANDS COOKING AND
: IT cleaning, wants work by the day or week.
; Address B 0., box 61, Call Office.
ESPKCTABLE GERMAN GIRL WANTS A
situation: is good cook. Call or ad. 415 Jones, j
j ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG SCAN- \
O dinavlan girl in a respectable family. Call at
I 1020 Mission st.
S ITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE '
O woman to do general housework; plain cook i
I and laundress; city or country: many years' ref-
-1 erence. 364 Jessie st.
RESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENTS;
$1 25; good cutter and fitter; children's also.
j Address C. C. box 70, Call office.
I COMPETENT ENGLISH COOK AND BAKER; j
| \J fine housekeeper and butter-maker; will work ;
I in a neat family: city or country; lately from the i
; East. Call at 74« Howard st.
I pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES TO DO SEW-
\J Ing by the day or help with upstairs work; ref-
erence). Address M. S.. box 91, this office.
V YOUNG GIRL— DO HOUSEWORK; I
wages $20. Call at 500 Thir.eenth st., cor. I
Guerrero.
ITUATION WANTED BY A YOUNG LADY i
with child 10 years old as cook on ranch, camp
or private family. 3559 1 /- Market st.
A MERICAN WOMAN WANTS ANY KINDOF
A work; city or country: call or inclose fare. '
6.3 Eighth St., Oakland.
p OOD COOK AND RELIABLE HOUSEKEEP-
vT er wants a situation; country preferred: or
j will work by the day or week. Address A. 8., 246 i
Natoma su >
ELDERLY WMAN WANTS TO DO CHAM- !
berwork, light housework or care of children; !
wages not so much an object as a home. Address i
! H., 142 Eighth st. .
| YOUNG LADY WISHES position AS
| X housekeeper; city or country; references. Call
at 1626 San Carlos aye.
OUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS GOV-
X erness, chamberwork or second work; good
references. S. G., box 17, Call Office.
pOMPETENT. RELIABLE WuMAN WISHES I
\J situation, city or country, as nursegirl and
, sewing or chamberwork nd sewing; good refer- '
! ence. Address M 11., 907 Dolores St.. city.
OUNG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
traveling companion. Call or address 44 Sixth
I room 45.
W~ 1 DOW WISHES SITUATION AS HOUSE-
keeper: city or country. Call at 681 Mission
St., room 10, first floor.
YOUNCTIaDY" wfSHKS A POSITION TO
X assist in store or office. Address C. H., box
123. Call Office.
"VroUNG WOMAN WISHES WASHING OUT
X or at home. Call or address 909 Jackson st..
bet. Mason and Powell.
FIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
X work by the day: terms $1 75. Call or address
919 a Sutter s_
"MEAT YOUNG GIRL WOULD LIKE SITUA-
-.1 tion for upstairs work or general housework.
Apply 1022 Larkin st.
VOUNivIjERMAN GIRL. WITH A BABY.
X wishes situation, In city or country. Inquire
207 Montgomery aye. . -, -
TV* EAT SWISS GIRL WISHES SITUATION,
Xi upstairs work and sewing; recommended by
j present employer. Apply 1806 California s .
GOOD CHAMBERMAID WISHES BITUA-
tIon: city or country speaks German, French
and English. Aadress T. D., box 59, Call Office.
OMAN WITH BOY 7 YEARSOLD WISHES
position to do housework. Call 2207 Pine st.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FEIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ITUATION WANTED BY A SCOTCH GIRL
0 as infant nurse with children; the best of ref-
erences given. Call or address 629 Eighth St..
Oakland. .;■•'
YOUNG LADY WISHES STU ATION AS
X housekeeper or nurse; city preferred. 137
Seventh st., room 1.
\\T ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER,
it companion or nurse to a lady; domesticated
and lond of children. 8., box 1, Call Office.
ADY DESIRES SEWING AND MENDING
J by the day, or will do any kind of work. Room
8, 472 Stevenson st.
\'OUNG LADY' WANTS A POSITION AS
1 housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell St., room 6. ■
T> ESPECTABLE GERMAN WOM ATS' WITH A
XV child 6 years of age wishes a place as cook or
to do general housework. Call at 149 Perry St.,
bet. Third and Fourth. ,
THIRST-CLASS FRENCH CHILDREN'S
X dressmaker wants few more engagements by
the day, ween or month: terms moderate; satis-
faction guaranteed. Address H. H., box 122, Call.
TYRESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
XJ day in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 Pacific st.
W INCHES I ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
it Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night;
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable:
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-BIA-.E.
I^RENCII CHEF AND CREwT^r ERMAN
' head cook and crew. American cook and pastry
cook, American cook and wife, 3 Scandinavian
cooks, 3 hotel bakers and pastry cooks, 10 hotel
waiters, all tirsi-class references, want situations;
city or country. C. R. HANsEN & CO., 110 Geary.
HOTEL COOKS, WAITERS, PORTERS AND
XX men for all work can be secured at J. F. CROS-
ETT & CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tei. 231.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEY&CO., 640 Clay.
PC. G. COOK'S) SOC. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
branches -.short notice. j4 Geary. tel.Orant43.
APANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
Stevenson St., bet. Fifth and Sixth.
JW. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE JCMPLOY-
. ment office, : 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
J office: best help. 3148 Sutter: tel Grant 30.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
V ' office; best help. 414% O'Farroll; tel. E. 426.
MARRIeD MAN. GERMAN, WANTS Posi-
tion in wine-cellar; cooper by trade. Address
P. ZINK, 81% Converse st.
SITUATION WANTED BY' GERMAN AND
O wife with little girl 3 years old; man is handy
with blacKsmith and carpenters' tools, also about
place and farm; wife is good plain cook and house-
keeper; will work for small wages on steady
place. Address PAUL KOTHER, Forestville,
Sonoma County. Cal. .
SITUATION WANTED BY' GERMAN AND
0 wife, without children, to take care of ranch or
work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work; wife good cook;
both first-class references. Address J. S. BATH-
GEBER, Napa, Cal.
V°UNG SWISS GARDENER, SPEAKING
X German and French, and having pretty good
knowledge of English, desires situation; has been
employed in all branches of horticulture; best ref-
erences from Europe; salary no object. Apply
y. P., box 15, Call Office.
POSITION BY YOUNG MAN 25 YEARS OLD;
X single; 3% years' experience in clothing and
general merchandise; city or country; speaks Ger-
man; no bad habits. Address W. F. D., Empire
House, Clay st., san Francisco.
SITUATION WANTED 61 C A GERMAN
O couple; wife good plain cook and seamstress,
man understands the care of horses, cattle, gar-
den, etc. and is handy with tools; references. Call
or address A., 321 Ellis st.
SITUATION WANTED BY COACHMAN;
O thoroughly understands hi* business; also gar-
den and cows; first-class references: willing about
place. Address- NED, 2426 Buena Vista aye.,
Alameda, Cal.
AN AND .WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on onvate
place, horses, cattle, poultry: wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: reierences.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Office.
O PAINTERS WANT WORK BY iHE DAY
-J or contract; have their own tools and falls;
first-class work done on the most reasonable terms;
satisfaction guaranteed. Address Painters, box
72, Call Office.
TEADY YOUNG MAN WANTS POSITION;
O can do carpenter work, painting, steam pipe
fitting, run engine, drive team, or farming; does
not drink liquor or use tobacco. M. 11., 608 Jessie.
POSITION AS LODGING-HOUSE CLERK,
X porter, janitor or driver for delivery wagon:
speaks English, German, Swedish and Russian;
references. Call or address G., 319 hills st.
STtu ation~w anted~b~y FIRST-CLASS
man around private pluce to take care of horses
and cows; is good careful driver and fair gardener;
handy with tools. Address F. G., box 17, Call.
I^IRST-CLASS MAN \ HO IS AN EXCEL-
. lent cook wants situation around a private
place or to coo i for 4or 5 men on a ranch. Ad-
dress C. F. J., box 152, Call Office.
VOL'XG MAN WANTS POSITION AS GAR-
x dener for private family or to take care of
horses or on stockranch. Address E. F., Frank's'
Hotel, Alamtda.
p OOD STRONG BOY WANTS SITUATION TO
vT learn a trade; machinist preferred. Address
J. M., 2115 Pacific aye., Alameda.
GOOD BUTCHER .WANTS ~ SITUATION.
Call or address J. H. WALLENBERG, Yo-
semite House. ■«•> ■->■ -J ~
IRST-CLASS COACHMAN DESIRES SlT-
uation in city or country: best references. Ad-
dress C. S., box 72, Call Office.
* MERICAN MAN AND WIFE WITHOUT
— *- children want work on fruit ranch; wages to
suit the times. A. M., box 14. Call Office.
WANTED— BY' EXPERIENCED I LOR OF
'I 20 years, to travel for a reliable bouse. Ad-
dress S. E., box 10, th s office.
IT ATION WAN I) AS" MAN ABOUT
O place or care for place during owner's absence;
city or country: references given. Address S. A.,
box 61, call Office.
"\rOUNG MAN AND WIFE. No CHILDREN,
X American, want work: man can do all kinds of
farm and orchard work; good driver: wife good
cook: be of reference given. ~ Address Winches-
ter House, 44 Third st., room 30.
Q TEADY' YOUNG MAN, AGE 25, EXPERI-
O enced, earnestly desires employment in any
wholesale or retail business: moderate salary;
references. Worker, box 17, Call Office.
ANE WAN SITUATION IN PRIVATE
family to take care of horses and garden; also
handy with carpenters' tools: references given.
Address W. R.. box 9, this office.
XPERIENCED GERMAN BARTENDER
wants situation in a saloon or grocery store.
Call on J. T., 1309 Stockton st.
p ERMAN GARDENER WISHES SITUA-
VJT tlon; good references. Address Gardener, 417
Kearny st,, S. F.
OY, 20. GOOD HAND WITH HORSES. CAN
milk, etc., would do light work in exchange
for board, room and small wages. W. E., box 56,
Call Office. '
fTIIRST-CLASS LAUNDRYMAN, WITH TEN
J. years' experience at running a St. Clair shirt-
polishing machine, wishes a position. Call or ad-
dress l».l Myrtle st., Oakland.
XPERT BOOKKEEPER, ALSO GOOD RAPID
— penman, wants position bookkeeping; can fur-
nish good reference. Address A. if., 430 '1 urk st.
W WORKER JOB WANTED: GOOD ME-
» » chanic. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Cal.
\k T ANTED— BY YOUNG MAN Wli'h EX-
-11 perience, position as waiter on a steamer. Ad-
dress W. <> box 98. Call Office.
WANTED- A POSITION BY A FIRST-CLASS
'» meat and pastrycook: fifteen years' experi-
ence. Aadress M. 8., box 35, Call.
"VTOUNG MAN WISHES A SITUATION AS
X coachman: can a'so ride overjumps, or would
break horses to jump. Address B. 11., box 134,
Call Office. -^
YOUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94,
Call Office. ;v
■\7" EKY GOOD F ENCH WINE-CELLAR
I man for all kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
IT Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
PAINTER AND PAPER-HaNGER WITH
tools wants piecework; paper hung 9c per roll
620 Larkin st.
AroUN'u GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X as coachman, milker or gnrdener: good refer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63, this office.
AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WOULD LIKE
to take care or gentleman's place during the
summer: city or country; can give the beet of
city references: no family.- Address C. HALLEN,
817 Fremont si. .
PROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services In the expertlng of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25r to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree bus an I haggagpioanrt Iromtho ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK. RANCH; $20. MISS CU_£enT~323
Sutter st. ■ - •
poOK FOR THE COUNTRY FOR 2 MONTHS
\J $18 per month. MISS fULLEN. 323 Sutter st".
C1OOK; LAKE COUNTY: $25: SEE LADY
) here. MISS CULLEN. 323 cutter st.
VV ANTED — EXPERIENCED WAIST FIN-
TT isher. 321 Pbelan building. .
p ERMAN NURSERY GOVERNESS, $25~-
VJ second girl. $25; - nurse, $.0: ' 15 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6younz_irl<i
assist, $10 to $16. MI>S CULLEN, 323 butter st"
p ERMAN COOK, $30; GOOD PLACE. MISS
I J CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. BH
■VTURSIS; SLEEP HOME; 10. MISB CULLEN
ii 323 Buttersu '
■ , -
HELP WANTED— Contin-cd.
ANTED — E-fPERIENCEU FRE N C H
maid, $25: American cook, country, $25;
French laundress and second girl, same place,
$20; German chambermaid, country hotel, $25.
LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st. .- ■ ■
ANTED-COOK, A SHORT DISTANCE, $25,
see lady here at 10-30 to-day: laundress and
second girl. $.5: 3 Protestant and Irish second
girls. $20; Protestant nurse. S2O: chambermaid
and waitress. $20, and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 312 Sutter st. . _^ —
pHAMBERMAID, ASSIST WAITING COUN-
yj try hotel, $20: fine Ironer, hotel. $30: and
girls for housework. R. T. WARD <_ CO., 610
Clay su ■
WANTED— A FIRST-CLASS COOK FOR PRI-
" vate family at seaside, $35, see party here
early this morning: a second girl, Menlo Park,
$-20; 10 good housework girls for city and country,
$20 to $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sut-
ler st. •
WAITRESS, STEADY, COUNTRY HOTEL,
it $20, fare paid, call early. MURRAY &
READY, 634 Clay st.
pOOK, FEW BOARDERS, $20; COOK, SMALL
\J hotel, $20; cook, few men, ranch, $16, fare
paid. MURRAY & HEADY, 634 Clay st.
\J"EAT WOMAN FOR RANCH, $16. FARE
-> paid. MURRAY & READY, 634 i lay st.
I FRENCH SPEAKING NURSEGIRL, $15:
waitress, country hotel, $20, room, etc.; cook
and nursegirt (mother and daughter). $25, etc.;
waitress, city, $15, room, etc.: call early. MAR-
TIN *S Employment Agency, 749 Market st.
9 GIRLS' COOK AND HOUSEWORK; FAM-
— He 2 and 4; $25 each; apply before noon. J.
P. JOHNSTON & CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland.
ANTED-A NUMBER OF GIRLS DAILY
to fill good situations. MRS. HIRD, 721 Ellis.
W' AITRESS, COUNTRY, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE, 420 Kearny st. .
EXPERIENCED CLOAK SALESLADY
X_ wanted at once: holders of our certificates and
others can apply. U.S. Industrial Agency, room
165, Crocker bunding.
ANTED— GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSE-
work and mind baby. 532 Pacific St., up-
stairs.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN;
mind 2 children; light housework. 202 Town-
send st.
IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOUSEWORK
in small family. Call 222 Second aye., Rich-
mond. . .^•■->.t-- ; -i-:-
V\r ANTED- FIRST-CLASS OPERATOR ON
it corsets. 516 Sutter st. -
litL FOR HOUSEKEEPING. 226 SAN-
ches st., near Sixteenth.
HUNG LADY TO LEARN TYPEWRITING;
free. Address S. R., box 80, Call Office.
p ERMAN GIRL' TO"~ASSIST IN HOUSE-
vJT work, $15. Employment office, 306 Mason.
ERMAN GIRL OR WOMAN, CHAMBER-
work. $16. Employment office. 306 Mason.
IRL, UPSTAIRS WORK AND WAITING.
$20. Employment office, 306 Mason su
piRLTODO GENERAL WORK; AS-
VX sist cooking. 245 Fourth st.
T ADIES TO SELL TOILET PREPARA-
XJ tlons: hafrdressing, manicuring, beauty cul-
ture taught free; exclusive rights. MRS. M. J.
BUTLER. 131 Post st.
WANTED— A SWEDISH, MIDDLE-AGED
I » woman for the country. Apply to 1028 Minna
St., bet. 7 and 8 p. m. ;
T7-OUNG WOMAN TO COOK AND GENERAL
X housework; references. 402 Golden Gate aye.
ALESLADIES OF MATURE AGE WANTED;
O good salary. Call 10 to 12, 204% Leaven-
worth st.
ANTED— GOOD HAND FOR DRESSMAK-
ing at 1521% Mason st.
HAIR-DRESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. and 105 Ninth.
T EARN THE DRESSMAKING TRADE THOR-
XJ oughly at MRS. R. L. JONES', 505 Fell su
REE TREATMENT TO THE POOR~(MAG-
netlcally) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to li!; con-
sultation free. 1026 Market St., room L
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONS EVERY
_.-_. Tues. In dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
KNSIONS— J. H. SHEPARD & CO., OLD RE-
liable attorneys, 1068 Eau 16th St., Oakland.
O AIR DRESSING. 26c AND 35c: MORNING
XX and eve classes; 10 lessons, sl 60. 1248 Mission.
p OAT- FINISHERS WANTED. 541 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6
per week ;. free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
REBSMAKINO, CUTTING AND FITTING
iJ taught; new styles; perfect fitting patterns
25c co. MCDOWELL Academy. 21. Powell st
MALE HELP WANTED.
ANTED^c"(JOK, "PLAIN" eljT^UrXnT^
"' city, $40; night waiter, oyster-house, $7 a
week: dishwasher, French restaurant, $5 a week;
French boy to wash dishes, $15: porter for family
hotel, must speak French, $15, etc. LEON
ANDRE, 315 Stockton St.
.WANTED— FRENCHMAN AND WIFE FOR
it private family In the country: $50: must
bring references. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton.
\\' ANTED— SWAMPER AND JACKSCREW-
»» er for logging camp, $35 and boar.l. railroad
fare $1; 2 miners, $3 per day; man to run self-
binder in harvest field, $40 and board; second
binder, $30; woodsman, all-around work, $35 and
board; 2 men to run mowers and rakes for hay-
field, near city, $26 and board: ranch cook, $25:
woodchoppe.rs. SI 25 a cord, good job: porter and
bootblack for barber-shop, $7 per week; neat extra
waiter for resort, Sunday, $2 and fare, and 60
others. W. D. EWER & CO.. 626 Clay st.
/ i ANO OF RAILROAD LABORERS FOR
" » track-laying: 10 milkers: 20 farmers: 20 hay-
makers; 20 teamsters; gome wages; sheepherder
$.0. C. R. HANSKN & CO., 110 Geary st.
WAITER WHO CAN' PLAY VIOLIN OR
'* piano for springs $30: 2 neat young waiters
$-5: ironer and washer, country laundry, $30 and
$35. C. R. HANSEN « CO.. 110 Geary St.
AKER AND PASTRY COOK. COUNTRY
hotel, $60. C. R. HANSEN, 110 Geary st.
TJiNGINEER ANDELE< TRICIAN; MUST BE
XJ a thorough mechanic, for a large plant. C. R.
HANSEN .v CO., 110 Geary st.
HEAD BOOKKEEPER FOR A LARGE COM-
XX merctal house: $125 and Increase. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. •
Q BLACKSMITHS: COUNTRY. MURRAY &
O READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
ANDY-MAKER, $60. COUNTRY, YOUNG
man; 4 cooks, .«:-0 to $BD: 3 waiters, $30;
ranchcook: 2 dishwashers. MURRAY&READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
A-HER, COUNTRY LAUNDRY, $30 AND
found; ironer, Troy machine, $10 week.
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
PAPER-HANGER; NISAR CITY; »3 60DAY.
X MURRAY READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
WHBEI, W RIGHTTS3S AND FOUND: CuUN-
try shop. MURRAY * READY, Leading
Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
C n MORE LABORERS FOR SAWMILLS AND
O\J woods: half fare paid by company; experi-
ence not required; steady job year round; call
early: from $20 to $60 per month and found.
MURRAY & READY, leading employment
agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Of) FARMERS" ORCHARD AND VINEYARD
--v/ hands; 2 choremen for ranches: 3 milkers;
man to herd hogs: 10 laborers, $1 60 a day. city
work; charcoal burner. MURRAY' & READY,
leading employment agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Of) TIE-MAKERS, 8c AND 10c EACH. MUR-
_-V ray <fe READY, leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay st.
3MILKE AND FARK ADVANCED; 6
haymakers, near city, $26: 2 Canadians or
Eastern men for teaming and chopping, $25: man
to dig potatoes, $20: choreman, $16; waiter, coun-
try hotel, $30: ranch cook, $25: dishwasher, coun-
try, $16 and room.. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and
610 Clay st. ■
WANTED— BURLEIGH DRILL MINER, $3
it a day; chuckman. $2 50 a day: stableman,
$20 and found: farmers. $21) a month and $1 25 a
day: washer for laundry; farmer and wife; cook,
country hotel, $35: cook, country restaurant, $40.
and others Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Sacramento st.
SOLICITORS FOR THE CELEBRATED MON-
O arch $4 mad e-to-order pants: warranted. Room
1, 1028 Market st.
i kst-class"bXrber want D FOR sat-
-1 urday and Sunday. Apply after 12 m. at 1007
Howard St., near Sixth.
GOOD BARBER FOR SATURDAY. 1444
J Valencia st. .V; ; .
U7 ANTED — BARBER FOR SATURDAY.
___Call to-day at 602 Clay st.
BHWASHER; $12. MISS CULLEN, 323
XJ Sutter si. . ,
lURST-CLASS SIDE LINK FOR TRAVELING
men; also city drummers. 23 Davis, room 29.
COLORED PORTER, $16. HOTEL GAZETTE,
A-/ 420 Kearny st. .
SIX SIGN-CARRIERS. APPLY AFTER 10
O o'clock, 541 Market st.
VVT ANTED-2 LUNCH-WAITERS; CALL 9
" toll. 11 Drummsu
Y*TANTED-DISHWASHER AT 1604 KEN-
fT tucky st., Potrero. at Reedy Hotel.
TWO YOUNG" MEN WHO UNDERSTAND
J- something about painting. 317% Third st.
ANTED— A PORTER; TO HELP: ALSO ON
it- bar. N. REINH ARD, 330 Pacific St.
TO" IDE- A WAKE MAN TO TRAVEL 6n~COM"-
-'" mission ; call in afternoon. 36 Page st.
IV ANTED— MIDDLE-AGED MAN. APPLY
*' Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
yOUNG BOY AT 3 THIRD ST. CALL AT
WAITER-BOY WANTED. 1403 VALENCIA
» 1 street .
V\ , AN PARTINEK WITH FROM $4000
" to $5000 to engage in general merchandizing
in mining town. Address Partner, box 15, Call.
W A A TE , D TO A WELL-EBTABLISH-
ITT ed business: pays $75 per month: small cap-
Ital required. 873% Market st. . P
1 00 niH EAX B ? 2sL___ 5, 10 AND 16 CENTS.
X \J\J Old French Hospital, Bryant St., nr. Sixth.
PRACTICAL CUTTER AND TAILOR: NONE
-»- but experienced and good men need a.ply;
permanent position to right man. W.N. B VV ABE V,
142 Eddy st.; apply after 12, noon. ■
HELP WANTED— Continued.
A^BE^S^R^f^CTnFiTu^IION^ALPLOY^
J-> ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
L> ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 239%0'FarrelL
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEO-
X) retorv Barbers' Asso., 326 Grant aye. & FPCH9.
3 -CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; GOOD
O location. Apply this office. ■
OARBER-SHOP: OLD STAND: FINE LOCA-
D tion; no opposition; trial; $136. E., box 19,
Call Office.
L»ARBER-SHOP, NO RENT. 16c. PAYING
X) well, for $160. STOLTZ, 630 Market st.
WANTED— YOUNG MAN ON' STOCK RANCH
»» near this city : married preferred: must have
some knowledge of stock; state lowest wages ex-
pected; steady job for right man. Address Ranch,
box 66, Call Office. ' . ■■-
rp AILOHS— COAT OPERATORS, COAT PRESS-
Xers and under-pressers- good salary; steady
work; under a new foreman. Columbian Woolen
Mills, 541 Market st.
\\T ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
IT Marine Corps, U. S. naw, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 5 feet 5 inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their intentions to become citizens will be
accepted; this important - branch of . the naval
service offers • special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal.
ANTED-BOY* ABOUT 15 FOR CANDY-
»» store; German preferred. 230 Sixth st.
EN'S HALF-SOLING, 50c: LADIES. 40a;
done while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 Market,opp.Will& Finck's, S.F.
ANTED— BAD ACCOUNTS COLLECTED
at once; will buy them. Columbia, 128 4th st.
O MERCHANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
"ST^A~IfTNE BUSINESS FOR SALE:
(0)xOU. trade; security cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
\\[K ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
• T your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price; done while you wait.
662 Mission st., between First and Second sts.
EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it.
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
" some simple thing to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN"
WEDDERBURN & r()., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
VfEW WALDO HOUSE, 785 MISSION, BET.
-i* 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
50c; week $1 to $2 50; reading-room: strictest atten-
tion ;o morning calls: clean; quiet; open all ni_hu
ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND- i
hand shoes, 749 Mission st., opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50 :
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and ',
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
Echo house, 863%" market ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c night; $1 to $3 week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 16c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms.
WANTED— i_\BORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third su; 150
large rooms: 250 per night; $1 to $3 per week.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44THIRD ST., NEAR
Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
half-solelng 26c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth.
STHMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
dln's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
WANTED- MEN TO LKARN BARBER
11 trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent. S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard,
/KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
V^ acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
BEST IN CITY— SING E ROOMS. 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1, $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and Leidesdorff sts.
lIOEBHOP FOR SALE. APPLY 2903 PINE
O street.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; _-OT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
T3OOMS 160 TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
X\ per week. Oriental, 225 Drummsu .
ANTED.TO collect wages d"ue LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO |
sU; 200 rooms; best In the city; single rooms
20 and 25c a night, »1 a week: meals 10c
I indell House, sixth and Howard
1 i sts. : single furnished rms 76c week, 16c nUnt.
|j|/IME> TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X\i\J and 20c a night, including coffee aud rolls.
62* Washington st., near Kearny. i
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 15c A DAY; $1
v>ek; rooms for two, 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st.
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 562 Mission.
IpREE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOli 6c;
X also a bottl «of lager, 6c, at 637 Clay st.
'pilY ACME IIOLSE. H.>7 ... viIKET ST- BK-
I low Six-h. for n tip.,. :*- - ni^t,-- 51 » .v..» .-
AGENTS WANTED.
MAKE $3 1O $10 i A DAY 'SELLING LEATH- '
er suspenders: others do; exclusive territory ;
sample 50c. 1532 Sacramento st.
1. RIGHT CANVASSER; mTy EARN $5
I > daily. Inquire or write FROGGMAN CO.,
Central Pharmacy, southwest cor. Grant aye. and
Sutter St.: 2 to 5 dally.
PARTNERS WANTED.
pATtrIyEIirT3OTET v 'Busi^^
X quired. OWNER. 1176 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. ■'■-■■'.-.-.
■~~~~"~~~~~~~ ■**~"~ — ~~~~~—
HOUSES WANTED.
ANTEb-COT^GE^W^^R^^^o^MS^; !
not over $10 rent. Address B. A., box 8, 'all.
COUNTRY BOARD WANTED.
A^T^D^C^U^TT^Y^oliE^Oß glriTiO I
years old, during vacation; references re-
quii-fd and given. It. A., 1302. West st., Oakland.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOTS.
HTmiE^T^?RTc^rTpATrTI^A^I^S^rGENTS\ j
children's clothing; uostals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d. j
SELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elrv to A. KLEIX. 109 Sixth st.: send postal.
.'
MEDICAL.
A" NEW PROCESS^NO MEDICINeTiNSTRU- j
ment or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day; I
helped at once; can be sent and used at home; all
cases guaranteed: if you want to be treated safe
and stir.- call on a man's physician. DR. POPPER,
318 Kearny st. ' ' .
A BLESSING TO LADIES— INSTANT RE- |
lief for monthly irregularities .(from whatever '
cause) by the most experienced ladies' physicians j
in San Francisco, who restore all cases at once by i
an improved method, superior to others; ladies !
will save time and money: be assured of honest ]
treatment by consulting the doctors before calling j
elsewhere: patients who have been imposed upon i
are specially invited: home in confinement; fid- I
vice free. DR. and MRS. DA VIES, 14 McAllister
su. next Hlbernia Bank.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE- j
stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief j
guaranteed : travelers helped without delay: pri- j
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
physician; 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time !
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
T ADIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
PSYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
X paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11.
DRST GOODWIN, DISEA-ES OF WOMEN A
specially; unexcelled In restoring Irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st. •
R. JOSSELYN, THE G R AT~ SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market st, near Sixth.
-CARD'S PIIJ_S— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty; also "Pine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland.
MrsTdr. weoener TAKES ladies BE-
fore and during confinement: infants adopted
• into good homes: treats all female complaints or
Irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
X ease see MRS. DR. PUETZ. 264% Fourth st.
"M ICE PRIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT;
_.! all female diseases treated: expert physicians-
: terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearuy St., room 9.~
RIVATE HOMK IN CONFINEMENT. MRS*
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
KJ from whatever cause: a home in confinement
MRS. y GwTE°R 22 Tvr M _ t s_ . » nnedt * cd ' by
R. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
.Jones. Diseases of women and children.
LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLH-A BOON TO
ladies troubled with Irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 ,_press C. O. D. don't delay
until too late. USGOOD BROS.. Oakland. CaL
LOST.
BLACK AND WHITE 'NEW FOUNDLAND
bitch, name "Nellie," 713 Polk st.: reward.
JA REWARD— GENTLEMAN'S DIAMOND
tip "lU ring, on Third St., bet. Mission and Mar-
ket. Return to FRANK JONES, 194 Stev-nson.
FOUND.
17OUND— MARK ON toll — ILN ST.; OWNEK
can have same by proving nroperty and paying
expenses. 3355 .Mission. - ■ : • • ■
________________________ „__„
TYPEWRITERS.
OST, $30; CALK}RAPhT~S2S; SEND^FOR
1 sample work. SCOTT & BAN NAN, 333 Monty.
BPSiygsscHAjyjCEs.
fi r YOU # 'wANTTb"BUY A BUSINESS PLACE
1 of any kind, or lodging-house, • see T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye. ■ ■'■
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF HER-
chandise. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
_?Qf»n RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAM-
(f)i/UU. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality;
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
© 1 Kfkfk BEER BOTTLING WORKS; 3
«Jp 1 tJUU. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses, $150 month; investigate
this rare chance; the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
l ft c )f\(\fi partner; one of the best
«U*._IUUU. paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing: object for selling need the services or en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TTAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUSI-
XX ness places. T. LUBELsKI. 7 City Hall aye.
IS* 1 (}(\(\ PARTNER IX FINE BUSINESS;
tJpXVUU. no Sunday or evening work; the
place is already established and doing well: fullest
Investigation ; reference; experience not required.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©Q9R LUNCH HOUSE AND SALOON; j
•<JDO.«_«J. central; doing $i! 0 daily: rent moder-
ate; no night or Sunday work ; value In sight: good
reasons for selling. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
ffi; 400 ROAD hTTu^e NEAR" city! 14
tIPT:W. rooms: dining-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly; plenty of ground: pigs; ducks;
chickens; etc JOHNSTON, _6i/_ Kearny st. ■ X
IGAR-STORE: ON PRINCIPAL STREET:
\J one of the b«3t In this city; cheap; rent mod-
erate. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
©QOH CORNER BAR, WITH 8 ELEGANT-
«jpi/vv. ly furnished rooms, all rented; best lo-
cation; lease; rent $65; sacrifice on account of
sickness. WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California su
<fc4f)nn CORNER sample- room IN
*iprt\J\J\J. choicest location; low rent: large
patronage; average daily sales $50: no triflers
need apply. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California.
©Q^A SAMPLE ROOM, ESTABLISHED
tjpuuyj. years, with first-class patronage; choic-
est location: owner keeping two places; make an
Offer. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California St.
©1 fif)(\ CORNER SALOON IN VERY
•iPIUUU. best location, with large patronage ;
must be sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
WILKE & WOLF, 631 California.
<fi*Q/)fJ RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
»4pOl^v. business, pood prices: Vi interest or
whole. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
CORNER GROCERY AND BAR. 1
tjpuv/l.'. block from Market St., near Wells-Fargo
office, doing large trade; death calls owner Fast;
rare chance. WILKE <fc WOLF. 631 California.
OljOr.A CIGAR STORE ON SUTTER ST.;
«JP_.U\J. daily sales $10: owner sick with rheu-
matism. WILKE <fc WOLF, 531 California St.
<J]£ A X ( l FIRST-CLASS MILLINERY STORE;
<4P^t«-'Vf. north of MarKet: vicinity of Baldwin;
large and very fine patronage; Al stock; living-
rooms: offer merits attention. M. LESS & CO.,
783 Market st.
(2;9nn SALOON; TERMINUS 3 BIG CABLE
is)£\J\J. lines; value la sight; fine trade; gen-
uine bargain; other business. M. LESS <_ CO..
783% Market st.
<B> "I 7 P. PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
«lpX 10. north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS & CO., 783% Market st.
<K1 7O FINE CORNER SALOON; FIRST-
«4pJ- IV, class fixtures; best location; right in
the manufacturing district: cheap rent: 4 living-
rooms: a bargain. GEO. STEWART. 602 Market.
(JjjEXn FINE GROCERY AND BAR; SITU-
<PO«JU. ated on fine corner In Western Addi-
tion : carries nice stock; good bar trade; 4 living-
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. STEWART,
602 Market st.
fit OX (A CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
fJpOUU. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
ner, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell; stock will Invoice price asked. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market St.
QiiA^Ci SACRIFICE; COFFEE AND CHOP
vDrz*J\J. house; clearing $100 a month; present
owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK <fc
CO.. 873% Market st.
<&£WW) FIRST-CLASS CIGAR-STAND ON
tJpu'/V/. principal thoroughfare: large stock;
good trade: owner has other business; investigate-
at once: rare bargain. HICKOK & CO., 873%
Market st. - ■,',
<2>*)f\C\f\ FIRST -CLASS GROCERY; NO
— vUI/. bar; located on one of the busiest
streets: horse and wagon; large cash trade; bar-
gain. HICKOK & CO., 873% Market St.
<a»/l^A BARGAIN: CORNER GROCERY
ijp^oyJt and bar; Western Addition: big bar
trade; 4 living-rooms. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market st.
ffl;7?;fl WILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
0 I OK' and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included; ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
<njOnA STORE, CARRYING KITCHEN
»IpOV/v/. furnishings, agateware, etc.. also no-
tions, stationery and confectionery; full value in
stock; location and trade good. KENNY <fe CO.,
765 Market st. . V . .:
<2> QKffi RESTAURANT; EXCELLENT LO
fjP'jOX./. cation: part cash, balance monthly
payments; trial given; sood cl ance for man and
wife. KENNY <_ CO.. 765 Market St.
I, OR SALE— SALOON; AT A SACRIFICE;
1 w 11 furnished: excellent location; good trade:
this is a bargain. 765 Market st.
"VOTICE— HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
— .' invest in some legitimate business parties de-
siring to sell apply to HEALV <fe CO., 23 Kenrny.
tgJ'JAfi PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING
tIP — v/U. and new and second-hand furniture-
store; fine chance for steady man to be connected
with first-class man. li EALY, 23 Kearny st.
<£9nn RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-
<!>•-<""• house; clearing $75 per month; trial
given; sickness cause of selling. HEALY. 33
Kearny st.
T~O SELL A BUSINESS OF ANY KIND
quick for cash, see STRAND&CO., 917 Market.
©.7 = A RESTAURANT: _ DOORS FROM
tip I O\J. Market st.-. handsomely fitted- up and
clears from $75 to $100 a month; gr>-at*bargaln;
cheap at $1000; don't miss it. STRAND, <fc CO..
917 Market st.
ffij^AA RESTAURANT, WELL FITTED UP;
'I^Uv/vF. clears $175 a month: 2 living-rooms:
great bargain. STRAND & CO., 9 17 Market st.
»s_Q^fl DRY - GOODS STORE ; OFEER
*$00\J. wanted. STRAND CO. 917 Market.
dUQOX COFFEE-SALOON; 2 FURNISHED
O''-"J> rooms; clears $75 a month: good place
for man and wife. STRAN D & CO , 917 Market st.
O(\f\ SALOON; FINE PLACE ON MAR-
•JUU . ket st.; full value: pays well; great
bargain: cheap. STRAND & CO., 917 Market st.
p ROCERx -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED
" J stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paying business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. Mill AX, 509 Kearny st.
<_.*/l?;fl SALOON: 9 FiRNISHED ROOMS;
worth $1200. DECKER, 1020 Market.
ARE CHANCE— CORNER GROCERY AND
bar; 3 living-rooms and kitchen: yard; rent
$15; call at once: worth double the money. Co-
lumbia, 128 Fourth st. .
WANTED— TRADEHORSE AND BUGGY,
11 town lots and bakery outfit tor restaurant or
lodging-house. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
IF YOU WANT TO BUY, SELL OR EX-
X change real estate or personal property of any
kind call or send full particulars to W. H. Mac-
GILUVRAY & CO.. 1028 Market St., S. F. ; we
will gaurantee to sell in 30 days.
ANTED -TO BUY' CENTRALLY LOCATED
restaurant; give street and number: if by
agent, give street and .number of office and res-
taurant, C. J., box 148, (.'all Office.
VOR~"SALE - THE OLD ~ ESTABLISHED
T drugstore, cor. Suiter and Powell sts., known
as Shaw's Pharmacy. Apply to GEO. A. BALL,
assignee. 630 California st., room 67.
"LH>R SALE — FIRST-CLASS DRUGSTORE:
V fully stocked: in a flourishing town; in a rich
agricultural section: $;.0l»0: good terms and _ood
reasons for selling; apply at once. 941 Howard.
ffIjTEnT~A~ WELL- ESTABLISHED BUsl-
t£)XO\J. ness.paymga net cash income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. R., box 84, Call.
O>l p.(\ EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
»3)X«JU. stand: clears $80 per month; sold on
account or sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Larkin.
OLD-ESTABLISHED CORNER GROCERY
and bar ; owner going in other business; living-'
rooms: 'ow rent; lease; $1250; principals only.
Call Office. *
FOR SALE— AT 729~MONTGOMERY AYE.-
-good, nice delacacies-store: doing good business:
reason for selling, wife has become an Invalid.
IpOR SvLE— GOOD BUaINEb.S WITH STOCK
X and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or 2
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post st.
(JJjO.iX BRANCH BAKERY AND VARIETY-
«|D_j_jO. store; must sell on account of death
Inquire this office. .
ROCER WANTED, TO START CASH GRO-
cery: cheap rent; neighborhood without one.
Apply 2201 Adeline »t.. Oakland.
C CALIFORNIA GOLD MINES A SPECIALTY';
\J can furnish any kind of gold property. CH AS.
F. BLACKBURN, 824, 826 Kearny city.
pOOD-PAYING RESTAURANT; BET. TWO
\J carhouses: living-rooms: rent $17. 3279 Mis-
sion st.
rmvo-sTORY building AND SALOON for
X sale. 3352 Mission St., NW. cor. Thirtieth..
pROCERY AND BAR FOR SALE. 653
VJ Minna st., bet. • ixth and Seventh.
, RANCH BAKERY', CONFECTIONERY,
.1- notion; laundry office. 317% O'Farrell st.
fl_*)7 r X BUTCHER.SHOP-CORNER, GOOD
«JP_- I O. location trade: low rent.B.,box 125.Ca11.
ij;'!)!! DAIHY PRODUCE AND GROCERY,
tJP_iv/l'. laundry office and tamale parlor, on
busy street, near Marker ; must be sold at once; a
qargaln. 1510 Howaid st.
ffi|9K|] A BUTCHER BUSINESS; FINEST
___»»'v/. fitted market in th s city, no excep-
tion: good cash and outside trade; horses, wagons:
Investigation invited. 530 Hayes st.
<jj«cf:i» saloon in good live town IN
<tS)(JO\J. Contra Costa County; fine trade: rent
for dwelling and saloon very cheap. Particulars
at saloon, 129 O'Farreil st.
(EjOrn COMP-ETE STOCK OF POULTRY"
<lP<_i_?U. ranc! , near local train, Oakland: 400
thoroughbred fowls: low rent. 34 Donohoe b'ld'g.
OR SALE— PORK AND DELICACY STORE"
with fixtures, $75. 1430 Howard.
jsusi^jKSS ha> CES-uontinnea .
*5t 1 A (inn road HOUSE, ACROSS THE
(DIu.WUU. bay, near railroad depot: hand-
somely furnished rooms, bar, dining-room, parlors
and promenade grounds: finest family and sum-
mer resort; well known as enjoying most desirable
class of patronage: good bar trade the year round:
this offer never equaled ; means a fortune in a few
years: owner owns the roper satisfy yourself.
STENBERG & CO., 632 Market st.
(2» 1 C*n{\ AURANT, OYSTEK-HOUSE,
<U)XUUU handsome prlva c rooms: three en-
trances: .old-established trade; chance rarely of-
fered in lifetime, where, with $160!) invested, large
Income certain. STENBERO & CO.. 632 Market.
OO' RESTUARANT AND COFFEE SA-
_-_«J. loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing Al business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERO CO., 632 Market.
<s_/l^fl RESTAURANT, NE\VLY FITTED,
<$)-±O\J. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel-
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy.
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market St.
<!_/•- A CORNER GROCERY. BAR; WEST-
t|pO«)U. em Addition; well established; rent for
building only $35: 4 sunny rooms: good place for
man and wife. STE NBERG CO., 632 Market st.
pHANCE. OF A LIFETIME— I WANT a no.
v^ 1 single man, with a good record, able to do
hard work in the country; must engage for one
year and have $300: salary $50 a month and
board; profits on investment will amount to $1000
a year • xtra: particulars at personal interview.
Address W., box 121, Call Office.
1?OR SALE— WELL-KNOWN DYEING AND
X cleaning establishment; good reasons for sell-
ing. Tor particulars apply at Call Branch Oince,
619 Valencia st.
jTOK SAi,E— BRANCH BAKERY, DELI-
X 1 cades and lunchroom; doing good business.
2708 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Potrero aye. ; no agents.
AZAAR-E^PECIALLY SUITED FOR MAN
and wife. Apply evenings, 1708 Devlsadero.
ALF INTEREST IN RESTAURANT; AC-
count of sickness. 642 Sacramento st.
QALOON FOR SALE— S4SO; WELL STOCKED;
0 good location: good reason, for selling; uo
agents. Address Z-, box 148, this office.
ELL-ESTABLISHED BAKERY, STATION-
ery, variety and news stand. 1010 Buchanan.
"5_7)i77\ CIGAR-STORE WITH ' LIVING-
«Jp_jUU. rooms; on account of sickness. 1127
Mission St.
mo COUNTRY HOTEL .AND BAR; UN-
X furnished; newly renovated. Address C. 11.,
box 122, Call Office.
1-iOR SALE— RESTAURANT; 48 CHAIRS:
cheap. 917 Mission st.
A LOON FIXTURES; FINE OUTFITS;
great bargain. A| ply to L. GOUDSMIT. 818
Geary St., picture-frame store, from 3 to 8 p. m.
ffij7C PARTNER WANTED BY LADY IN
»**■) i ')■ good piopositlon. 11 Taylor St.. room 1
OOD ROUTE FOX SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
C_7P_ BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION
<ID I _». store. Inquire 1024 Leaven worth st.
ALOON fLONO LEASE; LOW RENT. APPLY
0 at Anchor Brewery, 1431 Pacific st.
T^OR SALE— FINE GROCERY AND BAR AT
-T a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts.
(_»r f\(\f\ CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
tJpOUUU. sale: well established; complete
manufacturing plant; stock, etc.: principals only.
Apply F. I. CASTELHUN, rooms 4 and 6, 325
Montgomery st. __^
p ROCER Y-STORE; » ROOMS: FIXI'UKKa;
\JT some stock; to let. 2*ol Fifteenth at.
UTCHKR-SHOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 FIX-
X> tures: low rent. Apply UMBSEN & CO., 14.
Montgomery st.
P^OR "SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
bicycle, 1 electric fan- for sale, trade or se-
curit.v : a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
77'LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE; NICE CLEAN.
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st., basement.
i^EsT- PAYING" RESTAURANT IN THK
■ I city; cash receipts $45 a day: for sale: security
taken 'or will trade for some other business; a
snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st. .
\\T HOLE BAKERY OUTFIT; MOVABLE
'» oven: for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128
Fourth st-
UOR SALE — WELL-ESTABLISHED MIL-
" linery and dressmaking business: on account
of ill-health, at a sacrifice. Address M. M., box 30,
Call Office.
E-TAUKANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE; FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value in
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 33-1 Mission.
IpOR SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD busi-
ness: cause for selling sickness. Address X. K. °
GOULD, box 8, Petaluma.
TjiOß SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
■T wagons, stand corner Sansome ana Sutter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner. .
/ EVfLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
V J lady of means. 9100 capital. 12 Mason St., rm. _
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH«
WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR > VI. X.
I^F^YOU WANT TO BUY OR _EL_T^A~LODO- -
Ing-house see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye. -
1 l-KOOM HOUSE ON MISSION; BARGAIN;
I 1! must sell. DECKER. 1020 Market st. _
1 C-KOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALI&'IN;
XO must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st. - i-.-.t
O/l -BOOM CORNER HOUSE, $650: WORTH
--T: $2500: must be sold. DE; KER. 1020 Market.
Qd ROOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: $1200,
GO worth $2000. Apply DICKER, 1020 Market.
in R"OMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
-1 V nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
<m-| rt- LODGING OF 16 ROOMS, WITH
(Jl % '. housekeeping apartments; welllocated,
and with good business, HICKOK & CO., 873y a
Market st.
Qt I £\(\n 50-BOOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
1 (JUU. iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT <fc SKIFF, 921 Market.
/ 'OOD-PAYING, CLEAN AND SUNNY COR-
* I ncr house of 11 rooms: must sell on account of
other business. Inquire 411 Third st.
JO ROOM*, BEST-PA"YIN G~tr6uSE, CHEAP;
trO easy terms. 115 Second st.
11 fW HOWARD — 7-ROOM LODG ING-
llu_ house: must sell. 11., box 15. Call Office. '
OQ WELL-KURNISUKD ROOMS FOR $600?
_-O low rent. Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st.
UST SELL; 15 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
see this and make offer. 64 Sacramento.
IX' KNIT LUIS l-'OK SALE.
A*^^KECIAT^AI^E^FnBEr>L^U^GEsI
50 bed-lounges (worth $7 50) $4 00
Floor oilcloth 20 .
English Linoleum... 36
Brussels Carpet . 45.
4 -room out lit, solid oar 76 00
SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market St.
ROOMS FULI7~OF OLD-STYLE FURNl-
tu re, cheap. 616V2 Hyde st. v. ■'■: ■-.'
T L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
IRE SALE !
Prices stand till roods are completely dis-
-1 Prices stand till goods an completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed 5eta............ ...........$lB 51
Bad lounges ;.. • 8 011
Stoves _, 7 5J
Carpets, per yard 65
Linoleum, per yard ..,,-... 55
Matting, peryard IB
Till our new building is erected these price* will
Fiana. Till such time we are conducting busineu
_„ SE. corner beventh and Mission sts. J.
NOONAN.
Al\t\ «- AKI'KIS; CHAMBER BKTS, $14;'
*±l'U stoves, $5: parlor sets. $20: loldlng-bedj,
>10; hod- oi<ne'-.s. $7. T. H. MCCARTHY ll>4t'i.
FURNITURE WASTED.
FTnTNuTuIKK F^iT^CuUNTRvT
_J good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
* MALO.NE PAY'S 20 PER I EnT MOBS
_v than elsewhere for furniture to till country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth sU
TF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNI-
X ture and merchandise see BURD, -211 1-arkin.
tORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
X) send for Simmons Auction Co., 105? Market.
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNt-
• ture, saloons an merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. rarppts. piano. 11 3* M»rk»t: '»-■. .Tessl* 761.
CAKPKT CLEANING.
G~~~~ REAT WESTERN (ARI'KT-MKATImJ
works; latest machinery; cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
TONES CU CARPET • CLEANING AND
<J renovating work* Main otllc9 25 and 27 Bth.
A RPETS CLEANED, 80 A YARD; LAID 3d.
\J Tel. Jessie 944. .STRaTTON. 19 Eighth St.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH,
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
C~ ON KLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33 J
Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPET CLE A NING.RENOVA-
\j tine, 38 Bth. STEVENS, ingr. Tel. South 250.
rtARPETS A NED AND OVATE
\J like new. FERGUSON & Co.. 23 Tenth -tet.
t-onth 3& D. MACKINTOSH & CO., successors.
I E. M ITCUELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 21(1
O . 14th st. ; cleaning »c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J- MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDRES-
. ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 223.
BICYCLES.
UIC YCLES FOR $20, $26T"$Sr^35Tf4Orir^
-D $60, second-hand. 306 Post st.
-piOR SALE-'96 BaMBLErTwaRWICK: IM.
X penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba gains.
otM x_ftr(cin st.
|jICYC_KS-$2O, $30, $40, $60; RAMBLER.
-»-» Victor, Steams, Cleveland, Sterling. 1610
Market st.
PARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET 7
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary. ilo-
Alllater and Powell at. car Unas.
SEWING MACHINES.
A LL KINDS BOUGHT, ~SOLD, EXCHaNGBD,
xx ranted, repaired; lowest rates. 205 Fourth_ HOUSES TO LET.
©or 787 CHESTNUT, NEAR JONES; 9
•TIjOO. rooms and bath: tine marine view. ASH-
TON <_ GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
"VTI^- 1 HO lE- 8 ROOMS AND BATH; NEAR
J-i station: unfurnished. E. D. JOHNSON, Bel-
mont, San Mateo County.
Q-ROOM MOUSE, 1004 PINE ST., REDUCED
" to $40; 9-room house, 1811 Sutter, reduced to
945; other bargains. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market.
HOUBE-A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10
Montrromi-ry St.
TV tvv HOUSE: 4 ROOMS; $10; LARGE
■Li y-rd. 35 Dorland st.
HOUSE 9 ROOMS. BATH: GARDEN: GOOD
order; rent reasonable, 1427 Post, near Gough.
41 L> HYDE - HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
tt-LU bath. Inquire at 418.
HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
low. 27 Clementina t,t.
<2j O A MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
'ty'- mr-nt:lar e>ard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
V" EA R HAIGHT ST.— 3 ROOMS: FURNISHED:
X> $12; no children. Inquire E. _ TERR 961
Mission st. ■.
T?OR SALE; FLu\.T; 6 ROOMS; FURNISHED;
X rein reasonable: no dealers. 44 Third st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
©7 P. A COTTAGE OF 3 ROo3Js7^GOOD
tip I .t/U order; water free. Apply on premises,
915 Bryant si., near Eighth, or 14Montgomery at.,
G. H. UMBSEN & CO. .
XTEARLY NEW i'OTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH;
■-1 pantry; laundry; large stable. 828 Hampshire.
C COTTAGE OF 8 lO .MS; BATH; GARDEN;
> yard. 3824 Mission st. .
5 -ROOM COTTAGE; RENT $20. 519 MINNA
*J street.
©99 TO LET— FURNISHED SUNNY FIVE-
«ip--_j. room cottage, bath; al^o modern 6-room
flat, $17. 3748 Army St., near Dolores.
7OK WILLOW COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS;
lOU rent $9. Apply 500 Grove sU
FURNISHED FLATS.
T^EGA^?rTY"Firjul?i£HE^^
XJ rooms; bath, gas, etc. ; water free; all conveni-
ences; reasonable. 918 Polk St., near Geary.
SUNNY CORNER FLAT SIX ROOMS, FUR-
nlshed; piano; 930. Call afternoons 800 a
Webster.
INELY FURNISHED FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
X 1 bath; beautiful marine view; within one block
of cable-cars to park, ocean, ferries, Presidio and
City Hall: rent reasonable; water free. Address
H. C. J.. box 86. Call Office.
flats TO LET.
T^tc^^u^n^yTxatjTro^m^a^J-J^atlS:
-1> rent $17: 25a Lloyd St.. bet. Scott and Devis-
adero. Thirteenth and Waller.
If<LATSOF FOUR ROOMS AND BATH; $12
1 and $13: 2408 Sacramento st., y_ block from
Cooper's College.
<2»1 9 CONVENIENT, SUNNY, 5-ROOM
0 J _-. flat; cor. Nineteenth ana Hartford sts.,
near Castro.
PPER AND LOWER FLATS 3 ROOMS
each; yard; basement, $10 and fll. 123 San
Jose, near Twenty-third.
TTPPER FLAT 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
U 18 Guy 6 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH.
J 18 Guy place.
"LUVE ROOMS AND BATH. 134 PAGE ST.
•I 1 Ot FULTON— GOOD LOWER FLAT: 5
lID 2 rooms and bath: near City Hall.
LAT; 5 ROOMS AND BATH; COR. BROAD-
way and Jones St.; rent $18.
1 09^1 WEBSTER NICE LOWER FLAT
1O — of 6 rooms and bath; $15.
•YJEW SUNNY MODERN 4-ROOM FLAT. 4
-1.1 Tremont aye., near Waller, Golden Gate Park.
{.in CLEAN SUNNY COTTAGE. 643
1 ! — . Minna St.. between Seventh and Eighth.
"I OA7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
ICU I flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
LAT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN & HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
pomery st.
"STTt FOUR NICE ROOM 515 THlR-
ijll . teenth st., bet. Guerrero and Market.
OWrE FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard • sun all day; rent $14; water fr<?e.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
UNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
•VJICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
_.\ and bath: piano: reasonable. 120 McAllister.
T7yj"i NEAR ELEVENTH; 4 sun-
JLU-_"± ny rooms: yard; water free; rent $13 60.
LAT; 4 ROOMS; MODERN. 118 ASH AYE.
off McAllister, above Polk.
I" ■'LAT, 4 NICE ROOMS: BATH. 527 GOLDEN
J Gate aye.
i^LATS TO LET; PROPERTY FOR SALE:
1 all over town. PATTERSON & CO., 2 Va-
lencia st.
JH7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 >"EET FROM
1U I Castro cars; lovely sunny upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
"7 (I'EIKS NEWS FOR 3 CENTS—
- V WEEKLY CALL, ia wrapper, for mailing.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
Elgin Park.
A 7 ELGIN PARK— 2 FURNISHED ROOMS;
"i I bath and gas; for housekeeping.
Ellis Street.
£OQ KLLIB, COR. FURNISHED
yJOV bay-window alcove; gas stove; bath.
Fifth Street.
Q9fr FIFTH— CLEAN FURNISHED SINGLE
O_U and housekeeping: two «10, three $13.
Fourth street.
99c FOURTH— HOUSEKEEPING AND SIN-
_ _-»J gle rooms; $5 to $8.
O"| Q FOURTH — NICELY FURNISHED
OJIO ibODse-eeping rooms, $8 ana $10 a month;
single or suite.
/I_»P\ FOURTH— LOVELY CORNER SUITE;
TOO 2 large housekeeping; gas stove; also sin-
gle, furnished or unfurnished: $6 np.
Golden Gate Avenue.
Cf\O GOLDEN GATE LARGE SUNNY
OUD room for housekeeping, $10; small sunny
single. $5. - ■
Hermann Street.
9K HERMANN. NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
— O rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
r;9" HOWARD — i rooms FURNISHED
»J«_«J complete for honsekeeping or single; rea-
sonable.
•1 -I QA HOWARD— 3 NEWLY FURNISHED
JL LOU housekeeping rooms: 2 beds; only adults.
11/19 HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY FUR-
xltr_j nished housekeeping rooms; bath; range;
rent $12 60.
Hyde Street.
91 A HYDE— 2 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS
-iv complete for housekeeping.
Jessie Street, j
979 JESSIE - TWO HOUSEKEEPING
010 rooms, newly furnished, $8.
AACi JESSIE— 3 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS;
tr_tU in the rear; reasonable.
2116S onMreet.
FOR CLEAN, CHEAP ROOMS GO TO 1055
Mission st. ; housekeeping and others.
1 91 Q MISSION" "FURNISH ED HOUSE-
J _ 1 V keeping rooms: gas: bath; no children.
Natoma Street.
QQQ MIPS 'ON— FRONT SUNNY ROOMS: $7
000 up; housekeeping If desired; also single, 85.
Norfolk Street.
C 9 NORFOLK. BET. ELEVENTH AND
*-)_ Twelfth, Folsom and Harrison— Sunny cot-
tage of 2 rooms; furnished for housekeeping:
washroom and large yard; $10. Apply upstairs.
Oak Street.
©C HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS FOR RE-
•Jpii. spectable working women; private day
home for children. 48 Oak st.
Octavia Street.
■I -4AQ OCTAVIA, COM. GEARY— FRESHLY
X I\J*J furnished bay-windows and others; $7.
Pearl Street.
3 PEARL. COR. MARKET, OPP. OCTAVIA-2
ij or 3 sunny corner rooms* neatly furnished for
housekeeping; waier and sink.
I'oik street.
q-i q POLK - ELEGANT LY FURNISHED
</J O sunny alcove and kitchen; complete for
huusek eping eras, bath, eta; new carpets aud
turniture; very reasonable.
Seventh Street.
"I Of SEVENTH— SUNN Y FURNISHED
1 DO housekeeping rooms, single or en suite; $7
a month up. ~ ; -
.-ixtli S reet.
91 SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
i. _- 1 cozy housekeeping rooms and others. -
19A SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FUKnTsHED
~i_U rooms: water; complete for comekeeplng;
no children; $11. ;
South Park.
1 O SOUTH PARK-FURNISHED OR UNFUR-
J *) nished housekeeping suites; fine location; $7
to $12 per month; alsy single. $1 per week up.
Stevenson Street.
1 £1 9 STEVENSON, NKAR 18TH— SUNNY
lOi— furnished back parlor; use of kitchen; $8.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
' Tenth Street!" 1 " " ' :
1 9.1 TENTH-ELEGANT (2 OR 3) HOUSE- -
J._l: keeping; piano; gas-stove: suitable for '
physician or two couple: private family. • \
XurK__treei.
11 (X TURK— - EGANTLY' FURNISHED ■
X iU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
1 TURK— ROOM AND KITCHEN FOR
O+j-±Z housekeeping; private family, bath: *8.
Union Street.
m UNION— VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM
and kitchen; all conveniences; private
house; flO.
Van i\e<K av«miu«. ■Fcvk--"
1 AOI VAN NESS AYE., COR. GEARY ST.—
X V_l Large sunny suite and kitchen: $22 50.
Washington Street.
CAO WASHINGTON — SUNNY UNFUR-
UU_«[ nlshedhonsekeepingrooms; running water.
Webster Street.
m WEBSTER— 2 OR 3 LARGE ROOMS
furnished for housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 8 NICELY
furnished rooms for housekeeping: cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
Bush .street.
Q1 "I BUSH, NEAR TAYLOR — PARLOR
<JXX suite and single rooms: bath: gas.
1 1 07 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X X.\J I rooms, gas, hot and coid water: bath.
i uuy Street.
COA EDDY — FURNISHED LARGE ROOM;
*JO\J running water; grate; larse closet; ?B.___
(*] A EDDY, NR. LARKIN— FRONT
l»l*±room; gas, bath, closets; newiy furnished;
$8.
71 Q EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
lit/ room; also sinele; $5 month; gas.
i-'_iitu btreet.
I Al EIGHTH— FURNISHED BOW-
-Lv/8 window front room.
C HERMAN AI'ARTMKAT HOUhE, 2H BTH
0 St., near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
i-llis Street.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
-L HART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot <& cola water.
OSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS-100 ROOMS
at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night
000 ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
****& CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
Ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
.Fifth Street.
1 AQ FIFTH — NICE CLEAN SUNNY FUR-
X\iO nished rooms; all conveniences; cheap.
Fulton Street.
"1 KQO FULTON, NEAR THE PARK— NICELY
X \JO\J furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite.
Oeary Street. •
79"! GEARY— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
i-JJ. nished rooms: terms reasonable.
QAI GEARY — NICELY FURNISHED BAY-
iJ\JX window rooms: private; central; new cor-
ner flat. ■
MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
J. handsomely furnished suites; single rooms: $10
month up. 1101 Geary St., S\V. cor, Van Ness aye.
drove Street.
1 O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM.;
1U rent $8.
000 GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRONT
___ bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
also single room.
Hermann Street.
Op: HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 2
_U rooms; nicely furnished; with, or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 O"! P. HOWARD-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
J-OJ.U and bath for light housekeeping; reason-
able; no children.
Jones street.
907 -ONES— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
~\J 4 management: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc.; StlU to S3U.
bcarnr Stream.
A RLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY— PLKAS-
J\- ant sunny rooms, en suite and alncle; first daai
lr, every respect: terms reasonable.
Larltln Street.
Qfi A LARKIN — LARGE, SUNNY ROOM:
OV-'_t neatly furnished: housekeeping if desired.
Lewis Street.
1 Q LEWIS ST., OFF TAYLOR, NR. POST— 3
-I O rooms, furnished or unfurnished.
Murtf: street.
707 MARKET, OPPOSITE EXAMINER OF-
-0 1 flee — nice sunny rooms; single or en suite;
transient or by week or month; reasonable.
'OSEMJTk HOUSE. 1045 MARKKT — PER
1 night, 35c to $1; week. $1 50 to $6: families.
i»»lon _ retji.
QQ9 MISSION ST.— FURNISHED PXJNNY
OO— suite: first floor; suitable for doctor; also
sunny single.
O'Jb'arrel! Street.
OQw O'FARRELL, NEAR MASON (THE
-jOU Afton)— New and nicely furnished rooms.
Post Street.
99Q1 POST — ELEGANTLY" FURNISHED
__O2 rooms for gentlemen only. The Donnis.
COT POST— NICE FURNISHED ROOM; SIN>
00l gle; gas, water and bath: $5 mouth.
Rose Avenue.
41 ROSE AYE., OFF MARKET. NEAR
2 Haight — _ nice sunny rooms: reasonable.
butter >ireet.
rj(\O PUTTER, COR. TAYLOR (THE SAN
I \JO Renal) — Newly furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references.
Taylor Street.
1 AO TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOMS; SINGLE
XU_ and en suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices.
con TAYLOR. NEAR POST— NICELY FUR-
tj__ nished sunny rooms; new throughout.
William Street.
m WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
and Jones Nicely furnished front room,
Independent, $8 per month: private family.
BOARDING- AM) ROOMS.
7 r AN~N- 'ESS "aT^-KLEGA N^f ~ROOMS*,
jj\J\J with board; pleasant nome for young men.
790 SUTTER (IMPERIAL HOTEL)-SUNNY
1 _O suites; single rooms; excellent table board.
OUGH, NR. PINE— NICELY FURNISHED
large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple: board optional '; private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call Office. ■
OTEL BERT LINO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod*
phi conveniences. ' ■_
CHILDREN BOARDED.
TNFANT O IT cTnTrVjoIIOARDT GOOrTcARE^
J. reasonable. 625 a Natoma st.
! SUMMER RESORTS. 1~~
SUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE IN PRl-
vate family: pleasant rooms; large grounds;
references required. Address P. <>. box 22 i.
STORES TO LET.
ITW^E^C?O^RNXR~ImrRTT^
JT for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner
McAllister and Broderice sts.
6 LKT— I22 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE- !
ment: centra. %
ALOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20.
_j/* FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM ,
111) in rear: suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply 10 Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montg'y
---------—___-—____ ____
OFFICES TO LET.
o'TLTB^T^wTrTpTETTTL^
inn 126 O'Farre 1 street, near Alcazar Theater;
rentiSiO. ASUTON & GARDINFK, 411 Mont-
gomery st.
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or G. H. UMBSEN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
HOTEL TO LEASE. ~
HOTEL TO LEASE FOB A TERM OF YKARsI
XX new 6-story and basement brick building con-
taining 83 rooms; also cround floor and well-
lighted basement; centrally located. i£ block N. of
Market st. and 1 block from Baldwin Hotel and -
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout;
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For fur-
ther particulars apply to S. SILVERBERG, 820
Bansome St., room 39.
HOTEL TO LET.
o~TE^rliE~'w?' > 31^319
Bush st.: this well-known hotel is thoroughly .
renovated, considerably improved; compares wltn
b______________l____________l____________E
. STORAGE. ~-
HTRoT)NIE^r72TM7s^I^N^ST^ItAGB V AT
• rod teed rates: basement storage,sl 50 per load <
TORAOK— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY ; FIRE- !
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
I FURNITURE. . PIANOS, TRUNKS; ' AD- '
1 vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK,2O4Post.
T OWKSI' RATES-FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. fierce, 735 Market
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS; '
. low rates; fire-proof building; Eastern pla_,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
PERSONALS.
"Y"OUNO MAN OF 28 Y 7 EXRiTr7KSIRES AO-
X qualutanceof young girl or widow with view to
matrimony; best references given, and expected.
Address T. E., box 79, Call Office.
"\TOUNG GENTLEMAN. 24, WITH MEANS,
X wishes the acquaintance of young lady not
over _0; object, matrimony. F. J., box 126, Call.
UY YOUR LADIES' SHIRT WAISTS FOR
25 cents: heayy toweling lor 5 cents: curtain
lace; perca sheeting: corsets; underwear:
hosiery: trimmings: bed spreads, etc., very cneap
at Pioneer Dry Good* Store. 105 Fifth st.
I/ OR FIRST-CLASS WIN DuYV -CLEANING
send postal to H. HUDSON, 202 Sixth. ■
p AMPING COTTAGE AND BIG TINT ,to
\J let, with complete outfit. 1603 Geary.
S. BUTTERFIELD— SEND ADDREoS TO
. P. O. box 814, San Jose. .
JOHN F. DUNN, IF IN THIS CITY. COM-
-0 mnnicate with Oakland friends. j
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-A clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. U.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 860 Market st
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufra' cost. Factory. _0 f-ansome, upstairs.
rriHE Economy MILLINERY, 40 sixth ST.;
X selling out ai cost; store and fixtures for sale.
LICE— TOM SAYS HIS GIRL GOT HER
hair dressed at G. LEDEKER'S, 111 Stockton
St., and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there; it's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
st. ROSE.
AIR DRESSED. 26c: SHAMPOO, 25c; MAN-
Icure, 25c. BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
pARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partlngton, R. L. Partington. Particulars 424 Pine.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET. ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. ,
\\T ATCH AND JEWELRY REPAIRING;
II low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
CONSUMPTION TKEATED BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 861& Geary St.;
hours 12 to 2:30.
EO. W. PHELPS, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4.
UITB TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
- guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talorlng Company.lll7 Market St., bet 7th and Bth.
"I IBEKAL ADV AN ON DIAMONDS. JEW-
XJ elry. etc. : lowest rate*. 948 Market st.
pecial— SOL. SHIPPER & CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed; self-measurement
cards sent free; country trade solicited.
KUNiKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company, 43 Sutter St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
lii/)A CAKDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c;
1 >\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary st, r. 39.
A, TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
■TV can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason St.; open evenings. ,
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 133
Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class Uundry. MRS. JAUBSAUD.
"13 1G OUTDOOR STKKEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
X* ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st."
OLD GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothine bousrht. COL.MAN. 41 3d. cor .Ip^t".
-. .. - - - ....
DRESSMAKERS.
TYRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 85 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma st., above Sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
"""""Ja! 2"-"~""~~"2_2 a *
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWER."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
ere satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, Insurance, lova,
courtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy pvU influences in half thj
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays^ to 6 p. _
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE <_ VAN DE VERE,
1728 Market st
? A SSISTANCE AND ADVICE
A i hat, makes tne unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy ana successful.
PROFESSOK M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations: restores lost affections, removes evil In-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. M. L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
dally and Sundays.
PECIAL NOTICE— FOR A CLAIRVOYANT
diagnose or reading call on or address DR. J.
R. CRAIG, at new office, 14 McAllister St., and
receive free sample of the famous vegetable tablet.
as they cure many human maladies in a very short
time; consultation on all subjects free.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
ter, is a born medium: guarantees you. a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; ca:l and be convince.! of
her wonderful gift. Rooms Sand 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. - Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st Hours I
9to 8; elevator. . - < |
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. MOREAU, BKBT MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, curd- reader, born with a douole veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
A] RS. WILSON — PAST, PRESENT, FUTURE;
iiJ ladies 50c, gents $1; no sign. 1722 Marketst.
ME. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
PROF. C. LEON. 1007 MARKET., NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential: letters $2; 9to 8; also Sunday.
YPSY LiF&READER! LADIES 25c;
gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. RA VENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY;
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
XJ Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE ThLLS FKOM CRADLE TO
th»» grave: fee _5 cents. 914 O"Farrell st.
IJETURNEH, WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
XX SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: price* moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM. — —
ADDIE SWAIN'S T EST CIRCLE TO-N IG HT.
14 McAllister, room 18; no fee except as gift
OEMOVAL— ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
XX and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except as a gift.
RS. KATE HOSKIN S, TRANCE AND Busi-
ness medium; sittings daily; $1. 136Oaksf
ME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post: fee $1; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st.
ASTROLOGY. ~
D^^TmE^V iPAJifSWE RsTa LIT<iyESTIf)N^BY
planets: dally or by mail, $2. 86y g Geary at.
DENTISTS. —
r^F^ROE^FmrSATETLO^W^sT^E^Tr^ARE
\J chance to catch on. Departure, box 81, Call.
IMRST-CLABS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
. prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless Implantation of teeth. W. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutter St., corner Powell. ;
I »R. DUCKETT, 1703 PO-T~T., NEAR HV-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge worK.
R. L. T. t AN Z— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St., cor. Grant ays.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR.
ket, bet 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless. extraction; artificial teeth
frm $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<2»7 a set for " TEETH: warranted as
«Jp 1 good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist.. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater. * ■
1 \K. LODLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET. ST..
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. ■
•i/<ull --it OF ike in, $7; warranted
J five years. Pit. V. VaLSKY, 24 Sixth st ;
ET OK TEETH WITHOUT, A PLATE. _>X it
SET YOUNG, 1841 Polk /■-.■.. . JUK. 7
(i. YOUNG. 1841 Polk su
1 \R. GEORGE ' W. LEEK. THE GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to -0 Q'Farrell st
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; . CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 yean '
experience. R. L. WALaH. D.D.S.. 815»4 Geary.
I »R. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY - BRllhjT&
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ■ -.
/ OVION DENTAL ASSOCIATION. BOii MAti-
\J ket st DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET^ COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
IX WORK REASONABLE AND WAif
ranted. I* J. W. Y. 11__ Market si.
EDUCATIONAL.
anjo AND^~PIANcT instr'ul?t?ons;
prices reasonable: pupil of George Dobson,
New York; home 2 to 8 F. _ H. L. MILLER,
907 Howard st. '
T?XPEKIENCED TEACHER WISHES FEW
£j more aault pupils of neglected etucation: pu-
pils coached: strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary st ■■ '
OOKKEKPING BY TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT-
Jj ant teaching; Vz time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
"/TtTEND ~SI COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
A. fit. The very best individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
ECHT'S 10- LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (Incld. typewriting), $25. 927 Market.
/GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
IJT lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
"PRIVATE ACADEMY OF DANCING; CLASS-
X es Tues. and Frl. Misses HUDDY, 6a Hyde st.
r>ROFEBiOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandollp, banjo. 1707 Market
JOSEPH GK-V-N, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
J Ninth st.
OOKKPNG, WKITNO, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
(lay *. ni . ht: noclasges : $5 month. 84 5 Miss lon
S' PANI-Jtl, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Mazebld,,r.37.
l-PaNISU, FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OAlelsterschaft School Languages. 122 O*Farrell s:
YRES', THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery st ; individual instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.: life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
LiELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
-D Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 6 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and MkL
OCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, 11K-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architectural,
assay; estab. : ti?. VAN PER NAIL.E X, 728 Mitt
H BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POSTST\
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer, telegraphy, modasa
languages rapidly taught. rite for catalogue,
\! IGli'i SCHOOL;IIEALI,'>«I S. C« iLLEI.E :
jy P"<fcnmm orrl-i' «i-iir'hp*i'' Kn-Hih- 'oiv rr«.
MUSICAL instruments.
"®~i^~itallet^davih PIANO FOR BALiT;
<pT«J. $5 installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
S OUR NEW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of Our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Stein way representatives.
TTPRIGHT PIANO; EXCELLENT TONE;
U fine case; imperative sale this week; an offer
Is wanted. Room 12, Flood building. _^
BEAUTIFUL STEIN WAY UPRIGHT:
must be sold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10,809
Market st. .
A6TEINWAY $175: STECK $150: STEKL-
ing $100; $60. BKI ENN'S, 228 Post.
lANOS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
Ci- X CO., 933 Market st.
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st.
/"1 BEAT OPPORTUNITY; 5 FINE UP-
\SX rights, 8125 and $150 each: call early If you
want a bargain. MAUVAIs, 769 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE lIAINE BROS. BUSH
X> & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT & CO.. 324 Post st
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
\J small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed In New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins, $1 36; mandolins, $3 35; guitars, $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market at., Spreckels building.
_5 I t..- FINE CHICKEKING; SCHMITZ, 16
tjpl_«J. McAllister St., next to Hlbernla Bank.
A KKIVF.D— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIOH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st
/WHICKERING, KNABE. STJSCK. VOSE, STEB-
\J ling pianos: see our new piano for $187: pianos
jor rent BENJ. UUKTA- <fc SON, 16 O'Farreli.
YKON MAUZY, SOS POST ST.-SOHMKH,
Newby & Evans, lirtegs nnd other pianos.
OUPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS, <SLD<feNEW
ii H. MULLER. maker, rrpalrer. 2 I-athamplaca.
HORSES.
\V ANTED— 4HORSESTO BOARD: REASON-
Table rate. Apply 428 Turk st
OK SALE— STYLISH ROAD HORSE AND
top buggy: new first-class delivery wagon with
Incandescent lights; 100-gailon galvanised iron
boiler. Inquire 221 Pol, st.
"171 IN E TEAM; ALSOCHEAPHOKSE: HEAVY
_ express; bakery wagon. 1620 Mission st.
f,'OR SALE — SEVERAL KIND, GENTLE,
J well-bred roadsters, single and double. Call a
331 Golden Gate aye.
"I m SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
XO\s ness, all kinds; wagons, Daggles, surreys,
rockaways, carts; must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTION SALES OF HORSES, BUGGIES.
-.v wagons, harness, etc.. at Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leaven worth. Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
enn set new and second-hand har-
O\J\J ness: all kinds: buggy.waeon, carts, surrey
<fc rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HOKBES Full SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
■"iv' buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Uone
Market. 327 Sixth st: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN «_ DOYLE, Auctioneers.
HORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR (CO-
Iwr, Th" II '•(!■» Ranch.-- 6HO Commercial si.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ANTED — A ""tEAM OF "(MUSTANG)
11 horses; must be cheap. 1555 Kearny st
LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES;
Q samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
MEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS'. LA UN-
--> dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st. •
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
J~^C)R~^a7_"^HKaP^Bs-HORSKPOWER ES-
-1 glne, boiler, shafting, pulleys, etc. W. K. LBS,
Twenty-fourth st. and Telegraph aye., Oakland. -
Cji U HANDSOME WHITE SEWING - MA-
tjp-LO. chine, nearly new; 5 drawers: attach-
ments complete; cause, going East. 803 Union st.
IGH-GRADE PHCENIX BICYCLE, $45. A_£
dress P.. box 50, Call Office. ._
rill: Barnes 1 20-INCH SWING square
base, cheap: or trade. 516 Mission st.
WINDMTLL.FUMP AND LARGE
Hi tank cheap. .Inquire 521 Sixth st.
TENTS AND CAMPING CHAIRS FOR
sale. Inquire 521 Sixth st.
ICYCLE BARGAIN S— '96 MODELS; STRICT-
I My high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fail to call and inspect before buy-
ing. T. R. GRANNIS & CO., 609 Market St.
OUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1 121 » Market.bet. 7th A Bth.
FX-HOKSEPOWER GAS UK GASOLINE
kJ engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st __^_
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
o!lkrs>:ngines,2d_and machinery,
Jj waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
UILDTnITs BOUGHT; LUMBER, BASH_'
-O doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZ3
lire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 11l Market n.
PURE AND BURGLAR SAFE] LETTER-
X press, platform scales and deak: cheap. 10- Clay.
MEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECONU-
Ii hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
ATTORN EYS-AT-L AW.
"^T^DVIO^FRTiiE^DIvTjR^^
A ally ; private; . no charge unless successful; all
law salts, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc, as*
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market
T E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS:
J-J. R. E. titles and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 508 California st
rr J. MURRAY, ATT' Y AND COUNSELOR AT
J. . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 13.
\\T W. DA V ID.-ON, ATTORNEY- A i'-LAW, 4_o
" California St.. rooms 14 and 15: vice free.
~ PROPOSALS.
ROPOS A LS FOR A COiNTCRETE . BULIS
X head and bituminous yard work— sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools In open session of the Board of
Education, new Ci.y Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24. 1896. at 8:30 o'clock p. m.,
for reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Grammer School In accordance with plans and
specifications <and thecon .liiotis mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles 1. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Fltod building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bills as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE HEANBTON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR .SUPPLIES FOR VETE-
X rans' Home Association— is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
hoard of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at Its office, room 1 3. "320 Sansome street,
San Francisco, <al., up to 10 o'clock *. m.. Satur-
day, June 27, 1896, and opened immediately there-
alter in the presence of bidders, for furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Velerans' Home, Napa County, California
(railroad station, Vountville), tor the six months
commencing July 1, 1896, and ending December
31. 1896. • ...
■ Schedules with information and Instructions for
submittin : bids will be furnished' upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless it is in accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at lerst 10 percent
of the .mount of his bid, payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into a g od and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. sCOVILLE, Secretary Veterans'
Home Associating, room 13, 320 Sansome street,
Ban Francisco, Cal. .
By order of the Board of Directors.
;■•: • • J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
TfITCHBURG— FITCHBURG-
X ITCHBURG— FITCHBURG—
IS MIDWAY BETWEEN OAKLAND
AND SAN LEASDKO,
On the only county road connecting those popu
lous cities.
It fronts on the famous highway leading from
Fiuitvale to Haywards and extends to Oakland
harbor and possesses all the natural advantages
requisite for a thriving business community. 1 / ;->;:;
It is systematically laid out into blocks and lots,
bounded by wide streets newly graded and grav-
eled. ■■■'■.:■'. _____
Twenty-six direct fast ferry trains da'ly (Pan
Leandro and Hay wards local) to and from San
Francisco and Oakland stop at the commodious
station just completed by the southern Pacific
R. R. Co. Sidetracks, warehouses and other con-
veniences for tne accommodation of freight ship-
pers. • • ■ - • • •
San I eandro and Haywards electric car service
every few minutes to Oakland.
Theater trains run on both lines.
Distance and time the same as to Alameda or
Berkeley. ' . '• \l'-~i-z ■
BE FIRST TO SECURE LOTS AT LOW PRICES
AND GROW UP WITH THE TOWN.
Prices as low as scattering lots can be bought for
In isolated tracts in some far oft' bay field.
LOTS 25 AND 50x100 TO 200
. • ONLY $100 TO $200. -\ •'. •-
Ten per cent cash, balance easy terms.
Full particulars of
THAD. S. FITCH, Fitchburg.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery St., S. F.
OR SALK— HOUSE OF 3 FLATS; LOT 25x
110; rents $55 per month. . Address C. A., box
102. Call Office.
GO OUT TO-DAY
AND SEE THOSE LOTS
ON H AND I STS..
9TH AND AYES.,
Fronting the park at the 9th-ave. entrance (south
side; $50 cash, $10 monthly: prices very low;
$750 and upward; streets on official grade: gas
and water piped to the property. BALDWIN &
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
MEW COTTAGE, 923 V ORK ST., NEAR 2!ST.;
i-i 5 rooms and bath; high-finished basement;
porcelain tub; substantially built; everything
modern and convenient: price $2900; ei*ay terms ;-
equal to rent, If desired; lot 25x100 feet; owner
on premises daily.
IG BARGAIN— AN ELEGANT HOME. $700
X) cash, balance monthly, 2-story, 6 rooms, bath,
high basement, fine barn and drive; lot 28x120;
only $3400; fine location. 365 First ; aye., nr. '
Clement st., owner 140- Dcvi sad ero st. -
riHEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE. LOT; 7
\J rooms: bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st., nr. Stanyan, i/a block G. Gate Pane.
(Si QOfk NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 6 RMS.;
tIPOUU. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
aye., bet Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
mill Art COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
«jn_l"U. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400; lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st
<Si i )f\f\f\ NEW BAY-WINDOW cottage;
?]p_UUU. lot 25x100: part cash; bargain. F.,
box 39, Call Office.
\\rilY PAY RENT?
' » When you can buy cheap on easy terms^one of
the finest bouses of 8 and 10 rooms in the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st, near Waller; all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized;
large lots, 25x125. Owner on premises.
UUSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
at from $160 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st.
JACOB HEY MAN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
cJ removed to 11 Montgomery st.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
LTA^U^T^I^FRA^TT^HiE^EirOF^THE
bay 'region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 60x200 leet, from $80 to
$■-100: small deposit; easy installments; I Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HAIGHT. 220 Sansome st., San Francis o, Cal.
PBOPK— XX to exchange.
'ri^'bTroaln^wliat^^do^y^^
O\)\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 t0... 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to £0,000
100 business places, all kinds, from £50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
H. C. DKCKKK, 1020 Market, st., opposite Fifth.
FOR EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
X land or vicinity; 3-0 acres, level land, in artes-
ian' belt, Tulare County; near located line of
Valley road to Bakerslield." Address A. TUSIN,
Call Office, Oakland.
inn/) ACRES TIMBER LAND. KERN CO.;
J _P> ' water: fine for cattle-raisins. N..bx.16.Ca1l
PROPERTY WANTED.
Ty r XNrTEfj^T^rT^mimiA^r^
11 6 roomed cottage: lot not less than 50 feet
front: nice grounds; either Fruitvale aye. or East
Oakland; must be cheap for cash. Address E.,
box 75, Call Office. ■' ' ■ ■ - .
ANTED— WELL I PROVED FARMS;
sale or exchange. At SPECK <_ CO., 602 Mar-
ket st.
PHYSICIANS.
T^Ml)VET>nm~7r7r7rDT>^
XV Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty.
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. : bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail.
TRUSTEES' SALES.
rpRUSTEES'^SALE^IN : ACc"(H7DANC_r\VITS
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINA J.
DAYTON and DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trus-
tees, parlies of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 21st, 1893, and recorded
in the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, State of 'California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 393, and following, and in pursu-
ance Of a resolution passed on the 23d day of
April, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVIN OS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of the principal sum and other sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and dlrPCtlng said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy aald indebt-
edness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16'.h day of June. A. D. 1896. at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction
salesroom, of Kaston, Eldridge & Co., No. 638
Market street, in the City aud County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin
of the United States, all the pieces or parcels of
land situate in the County of Tular-j, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In Township Twenty (20) south, RangeTwenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo B.ise and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23), the northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter (NE 14 of NE 14).
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one bundle i and forty and eighty-nine one-liun-
dredths (140.89) acres of land:
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances. ■
TERMS OF SALE.— Cash In Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed oil the fall of the hammer: balance on de-
livery of deed; and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. 1 T _,,_„
THADDEUS B. KENT. J lrnBtces v
RUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by OTTO BRA NDT,
party Of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDKUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the San Francisco Savings
Union, party of the third part, dated February Bth,
1893, and recorded in tne office of the County lie-
corder of the county of Tulare, State of California,
In Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at page 265, and follow-
ing: and In pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 14th day of May, 1896, by the Board of Direc-
tors of said San Francisco Savings Union, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,292),'
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made in the payment of the principal sum
and other sums, due under said note and deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said Hi-NRY
C. CAMPBELL and TUADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness. •
We. HK.NKY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at. the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eld ridge A Co., No. 638 Market
street, In the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction. .
to the highest bidder, for cash in told coin of the
United States, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate in the county or Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tulare), Htate of California, described as
follows, to wit: • -.
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the Unlied States:
In township nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east, Mount Diablo base ana meridian. 1
Of section thirty (30). the northwest quarter
(NW. 1/4).
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. 1/4). "-•■••• ■*
containing three hundred and twenty (320)
acres of lund, more or less. ,
Together with tie appurtenances.
Tcrmsof s*le— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(teu days being allowed for search), then said ten
percent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. OAM!'BELL,-y T , _„ ■ .
THADDEUS B. KENT, ; lrust * #8 -
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
1 A AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN TH IS
tjpuuu. Russian River; house and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa cruz Mountains.
CHARLES COLTOX, 906 Market St.
A MODEL FARM OF 1000 ACRES AT MEN-
Io Park; all clear: will exchange for income
city property. a pply SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
mo LEASE, IMMEDIATELY— FRUIT RANCH
lof 30 acres, 26 acres In fruit; 2 V 8 miles from
Auburn, Placer County; comfortable house; terms
i/2 cash, balance when crop is picked. Address
MRS. A. FRIED, 309 Powell street. ■ . - -
* LAM EDA COUNT T ~ FRUIT LAND:
■£\ choicest in the state; selling in tracts. 5 acres
upward, £35 per acre; adjoining lands held at $100
per acre; owner forced to s-11: I l 'a hours from
San Francisco: easy terms; title perfect. 57
Chronicle building
Ss<WirWl FOR SALE OR EX.I HA.N •■•.; 10
<JpUWUI.'. acres planted all varieties fruit: 4-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F. B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES 26 MILKS
i'-l from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 par
acre: terms to suit. Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
OR HOMES IN LOSG\TOS OR ORCHARDS
In the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. K. STETSON, oox 298, with B. H.
Noble & Co.
S" KMJFOKOUR Lli>l' OF ORCHARD HUiliiS
0 for sale. WOOSTKIt A WHITTUN. San Jose.
LITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: I_f7
proved; easy terras; also 4, 8 and 12 acrs
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small house, etc. D. H. IWi.Nu, bonoui-
C!ty. Inquire 632 Market St.. W. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— OOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND KKAL. KSTATK.
IpOR SALE— A SNAP FOR 15 DAYS: SE. COR..
1 100x125; nice 4-room house and barn: well
and city water; price 1.500; $900 cash: balance
can remain: lot cost $1500. Apply .0 is. S. AUS-
TIN, 1101 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
1 OK 2 LOVELY LOTS IN PACIFIC GROVE:
-1 must be sold regardless of price. Address
Owner, box 17. Call Office, Oakland.
COZY HOME; $3250, CASH 81260; 6 ROOM-*,
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers: greenhouse:
cement ■ walks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will ne' purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; t-rincinuls
only. Address K. CRAG, Call Office, O_laQd.
<fil9nnn HOUSE h r >oms; LOT 30x115:
«JP_jWL/U. near station: must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, . 1566
Seventh St., Center station, Oakland. ' j
&97K(| READ! READ READ! $30 i'ER
«ID-« 1 *J\f . month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house; bath: lot 33x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway. Oaiclanil. "
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
I? U RN IS^EJDIIO ' FOX KENT--5 ROOM
X modern; nicely furnished; largo grounds:
chicken-houses: rent $20 per month. See WHITE
liliiis.. 1128 Twenty-third aye. Kant Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED . HOUSES.
T~ARG eT NEW, 16 - ROOM FURNISH ED
XJ dwelling (overlooking Lake Merritt) with mod-
ern conveniences for rent. For particulars call at
premises between 3 und 5 P. m., 121 Lake st., Oak-
land. '
OAKLAND KOOMS AND BOARDING.
T7IOURTEENTH AND CAS^TRO^TO LET\
_ with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALA3IKJ)A HEAL KSTATK.
CJ>~rTn?r~LOT 60jO9^r^RFE^r~WoRK~ALL
tjpj. X v/ . done: beautiful location;' one and
one-half blocks from station; 11.-roomI 1 . -room house to
rent unfurnished; finest location In Alameda, cor.
Central aye. and Benton su T. F. BAIRD, 1303
Park st.
STORY; NEW; 10 ROOMS: ALL MODERN
improvements: finely furnished; gas and
water: o:ly$5500; lane lot.
To rent — Four finely furnished houses: also un-
furnished. JCDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda.
FFER WANTJCD FOR NEW 6-ROOM COT-
tage: all modern improvements and street
work. J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park st,
ffij^nnn beauti j> ul " new modern
t$)\)\JKJ\J. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms: Central aye.,
one clock west of Park St.; it will surely please
you; investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
AKGAIN— SI3SO; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
OMES BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance 10 secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5. 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms: from $-000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. K. DENKE. real estate, architect, and
builder, 1502 Seventh St.. Alameda.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — T7_l
xA_ WEEKLY CALL, Id wraocer. for mailing.
BKKKKLKY BJCAIi Estate.
TOSEPHJ? MASON, RE aL ESTATE AND
•J insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank.
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate i
and building. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
BEKKELEY HOUSES.
TpO^^^KSrr^CliOujEST £13c^Vri7)N~~IN
X I Berkeley: lot 100x270: fruits and flowers ga-
lore: rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
l/'OR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 5 ROOMS
X 1 and bat piano; $25 .014 Virginia st., near
Shattuck aye- Berryman station.
31ONJKY TO LOAN. ~"
LOANS ON FURNITURE^ PIANOS AND
XJ diamonds: conridential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
XT & 'lit _IOKTGAGEs>: INTERESTS IN ES-
tales ;lowest rates:no deIay .MURPHY,62HMrkc
A DVANCESON DIAMONDS.JEWELKY, JSTO
J\ Columbia Loan it Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
T OANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
J-Jmortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
xi- jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval; lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STOKE, 948 Market st.; open evenings.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bare. McCOLGAN. 24 Montcomery, room 3.
LOANS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: interest low; private entrance: private
rooms; discreet attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. -
■\,f ON KY LYING IDLE; TAKR AT $5 INTER-
IV _ t>st per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call.
ONEY LOANED ' ON JEWURV ANO
other valuables at the Security Loan Officer
3 Market s'...nr. Mason: private entrance 7 TuriC
I \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Km. 68. Donohue bldg, 1170 Market si.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
life Insurance policies. 33' Pine st.
PAWNBROKERS.
T 128 KEARN"Y ST.i I ROOM 9-^MONBY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pit-
vate rooms; elevator: pledges for sail J cheap.
MONEY WANTED.
wXvTKD^TO^ORROw' ON *6OO~D RECUIS
" Hy $1500 or $2000: will give as interest a
sunny corner suite. Address C. s., box 129, Call.
DIVOKC_ I'KOCtEULNW.
Suits filed:
Anlsta A. Gerdes vs. Henry Gerdes.
Lillian M. Croome vs. William Oroomis
James J. Walsh vs. Lizzie Walsh.
Mattie Garrett vs. John V. Garrett.
Divorces granted:
Emily McCov from J. A. McCoy, wlllfnl neglect.
Dora Campbell from William Campbell, extreme
crn« It v.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS,
IBlrth, marriage and death notices sent by mill
will not be Inserted. They must be banded In a:
either of the publication offices and be indorssl
with the name and residence of persons auihortaaJ
to have the bamtt published.]
Rom*. ;
CARO— 11, 1896, to the wife of Isaac W.
Caro, a son.
LEE— this city, June 4, 1896, to the wife of
John Lee Jr., a daughter.
MURCHISON-In this city. June 11, 1898, to the
wife of Captain P. S. Murchison, a son. ■
STEELE— In this city, June 2, Ifc9b\ to the wife of
J. A. Steele, a son. . . ■. • .
TERRILL— In Alameda, June 10, 1898, to the
wif" of J. H. Terrill, a son. ; : . ;
MAUKIGU. "
WINSTANLEY— In 1 this city, June 3,
1896, at the Church of St. Mary the Virgin,
. by the Rev. W. W.Bolton, Rector, Freder.ck
Holmes Cook and Florence Ethel Wlnstanley,
I both of San Francisco. 1 1
GOLDBERG— MEYER— In this city. May 31,
1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. NleiO, Carl Goldberg
: and Susie Meyer. ■ . •
MCGINN— SMITH— In this city, June 11, 1896,
by the Rev. Father Clance/, O. P., George W.
. McGinn and Mabel A. Smith, both of San Fran-
: cisco. . . ' ■ .
McJIEEKIN-LANDER— In Golden Gate, June
3, 1896. by the R'v. S. C. Kor-tch, William H.
.McMeekin of San Jose and Ida M. Lander of
Lorin.
MEYER— ZOBEL— In this city. June 7, 1896,
by the Rev. Dr. J. Nleto, Alexander ileyer and
Paula Zobel.
COGSWELL— In this city, June 10,
1896, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, J. H. Samml
and Emily May Cogswell, both of San Francisco.
SOUTER- RANFT— In Oakland, Cal.. February
27, 1896. by the Rev. William N. Vandermark.
John Michael Pouter and Katie Banft, both of
San Francisco.
SUMMERFIELD— BLOTHMAN— In San Diego,
June 3, 1896, by the Rev. Dr. J. Nieto, Lesser
Summerfield and Cora Blothman.
WILLIAMS— PERKINS— In this city, June 10,
1896, by the Rev. F. a. Home. Joseph 6. Wil-
liams and Emma Francis Perkins, both of san
Francisco.
TABOR— BECK— In this city, June 9. 1896, by
the Rev. George D. B. Stewart, Edward R. Tabor
of Alameda and Lina V. Beck of San Kranclsio.
_<_._:_).
. Cars', Rober. J. Neilson, Tillie J. C.
Fnuke, Llvia . O'Donnell.Mrs. Ellen
Gilnrden, Gene'vipve * Peterson, Lizzie
Harrington Georse l'oil, Jesse
Hickey, Miss Mary Quirk, Joseph A.
Holt, Sarah P. Richter. Henriette
Kno*vles, Joslah N. Kobin<on, Robert A.
Lewis, Kitty Scheur r, Christian
MeMurchy.'Charles E. Schnitzer. Albert
Mcsbea, William Sullivan (infant)
Muller, Charles Wedeklnd, Henrietta
Weissich, William O.
CARSS-In this city, June 11, 1896. Robert John,
son the late Robert and Catherine I'nrss. and
brother of Mrs. M. Brown and Hannah Carss,
a native of San Francisco, aged 29 years 8
months and 5 days.
FHaNKE— In this city, June 11, 1896, Llvia
Franke, beloved wife of Emii Frank*, and
mother of George stetter and Bertha Franke,
a native of Orenburg, Germany, aged 65 years
10 months and 5 days.
GILARDEN— In Oakland. June 11, 1896, Gene-
vlAve. beloved daughter of Victor and Annie
Gilarden, a native of Oakland, aged 1 year and
3 months.
HARRINGTON— In East Oakland. June 18. 1896.
George Harrinsion, 11 native of Vermont, age. l
74 years and 8 months.
HICKEY— In Watsonvllle. June 10. 1896. Miss
Mary Hlc!<ey, heloved sister of Mrs. Johanna
Driscoll of Watsonville, a nati%'e of Ireland,
7 2 rears,
ffß~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS !>\.Y
(Friday), at 9:3o o'clock a. m.. from the undertak-
taklut; parlors of McGinn Bros., SI Eddy street,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where services
will be cetebntted for thn repose of bar soul, rorn-
menrin-j at 10 o'clock a. m. interment Holy Cross
1 f men ry, by 11:45 o'clock, a. m. iraiu from
Third and Townsemi streets.
HOLT— In Alameda, June 9, 1896, !-ar»b P.,
widow of 1 lie late William P.. and mother of
ati'c »'. Holt, Mrs. E. B. Wright, -Mrs. M.
Khind. Mrs. M. Gale and Mrs. E. Glbb. a native
of Plymouth, N 11., aged 81 years 10 mouths
and 9 days.
jB f #"Frieuds and aeqaalns-mcei nr> r»soe3'-
fnlly Invited to attend the rnoeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 12:30 o'clock P. m.. from the par-
lors of a. W. Martin & Co., li» Geary street.
Interment Masonic Cemetery.
JOHN-TON— In this city, June 11. 189>>. William
G. Johnson, de?.riy beloved ■>n o' aptsln Rob-
ert and Elizabeth Johns: on, and broiuer of Rob-
ert H.. Klizn.tv.iii M. ami Andrew 1.. Johns'.on,
a native of San Francisco, aged 25 years 9
months and 23 days.
43* Friend* and acquaintances Rr • re«oec*-
fully invited -to a' tend the funeral SUNDAY,
June 14, at 12 o'clock m. from the residence
of his mother, StOS second street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
KNOWLE3— In Oakland, June 10. 1896. Josiah
N. Knowles. a native of Kasthani. .>;as--.. aged
66 years and 15 d«ys [Bos 0:1 and New Bed-
ford (Mass.) papers please copy. I
as-Funeral services will tie held TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from his late resi-
dence, 1302 Jackson street, Oakland. Inter-
ment private. Please omii flow-rs.
LEWIS— this city. June 11. 1896, Kitlie Lewis,
a native of Sacramento, aged -6 years.
McMURCH Y-In thin c ty, June 10, 1896, Charles
E McMurchy, beloved so 1 of Thomas and Fran-
ces McMurCiiy. and brother of Oliver and
Marehy McMnrchr. a cative of San Francisco,
aged 8 months and lit days.
McSHEA- In this cltr, June 10, 1896, William
Mcshea, dearly beloved husband of Katie Me-
Shea, father of Willie. Johnnie. Dave and
Thomas Mcshea and Mm. Kate Ma^nusel, and
brother of James and And.- Mcshea and Mrs.
Annie Parks, a native of Batlashanan. Donegal,
Ireland, aged 57 yean 3 months and 13 days.
ZJS^Frienuj and aenmuntances ar« respect-
fully invited to a-tend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from his late
residence, 21 Stanford street, oft Brannan, be-
tween Second and Third, thence to St. Rose's
Church for services, Iniprment Mount Calvary
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MULLER— In this city, June 11, 1898, Charles,
i be 1 overt husband or Elizabeth, and father of
J'orothea and Elizabeth Muller, ana brotnerof
Mrs. J. Muller and Mrs. C. Wehr, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 38 years 3 months and
25 days.
NEILSON— South San Francisco, June 11,
1896, Tlllle Johanna Christina Nei'.son, beloved
daughter of John Peter and Christina Neilson,
and sister of Clara Neilsou. a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 4 years 11 months and 15 days.
O'DONNELL— In this city. June 11. 1896, Mrs.
Ellen O'DonDpil, beloved mother of the late
Mrs. Thoma* Terry, a native of Ireland, aged
8y rears 10 months and 8 days. .
62" Friend* and acquaintance* are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 8:30 a. m., from her late res
dence, 10 Boneta street,, off Polk, between Green
and Vallejo, thence to St. Bridget's Church,
where a solemn requiem mass will be celeorated
for the repose of her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. June 10. 1896, Lizzie,
• beloved wife of Louis . Peterson, and mother of
Georziesnd Emma Peterson: daughter of Charles
and Mary Hanpr, ana sister of Mrs Josephine
Touitelotte, William, Frank and Joseph Ilaner,
a native of lowa, aged 28 years 3 months and
15 days. - v ", . ; -
£_~Friends ana acquaintances are r^nec*.-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence. 603 Minna street, near Seventh. Inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PODD— In this city, June 10. 1896, Jesse Podd. a
native of England, aged 70 years and 11 days.
JKS~The funeral will take place THI3 DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from the residence
of E. E. Fisher, 2717 Union street.
QUIRK— In the City and County Hospital, June
10, 1896, Joseph A. Quirk, aged 33 years.
RAYMOND— In this city. June 11, 1896, Frances,
beloved wife of Charles S. Raymond, and mother
of Bu ty C. Raymond, and sister of Mrs. J. H.
Russell of San Jose, a native of Illinois, aged ii
years. fSan Jos* papers please copy. j •*■- %. \
43" Notice of funeral hereafter.
RICHTER— In this city, June 10. 1896, Henriette,
youngest and beloved daughter of William H.
and Dorothea Richter. and sister of Mrs. M. yon
Ploenzes. Adolph Richter and the laic Henry
Richter, a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years
11 months and 6 days.
«S~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1 o'clock p. _r.. from the residence
of her parents, 2503 Twenty-fourth street, corner
San Bruno avenue. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
ROBINSON— In this city, June 11, 1896. Robert
Austin Robinson, Deloved husband of Henrietta
E. Robinson, a native of Putnam County, New
York, in the 84th year of his age.
ess-Friends are invited to attend the funeral
from his late residence, 312 Seventeenth street,
TO-MORROW (Saturday), at 10:30 o'clocic a. m.
Interment private. No flowers.
SCHEURER— In this city, June 10. 1896, Chris-
tian, beloved husband of the late Louise Scbeurer
and father of Tillie and Christie Scheurer, a na-
• tive of Bavaria, Germany, aged 42 years, a mem-
ber of the San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Ge-
sellschaft Teutonia and Fubiieer Mutual Benev-
olent Society.
jO*Frlenas ana acquaintances aro reinecc-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock p. x., from Masonic
Temple, where the funeral services will be held,
under the auspices of Mount Moriah Lodge No.
44.. F. and A.M. Remain* at the undertaking
parlors of Theodor Dlerks, 967 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth. interment Odd Fel-,
lows' Cemetery.
SCHNITZEU— In this city, June 10, 1898, Albert
Schnitzer, beloved and only sou of Frank and
Augusta Schultzer, and brother of Paula and
Louisa Schnitzer, m native of San Francisco,
aged 8 years 9 months and 23 days.
jBE3*Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m., from the residence
of his parents, 21 Douglass street, near Seven-
teenth. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 11. 1896. infant
daughter of Thomas and Lillie Sullivan, a native
of San Francisco, aged 3 days. .
WEDEKIND— In this city. June 10, 1896, Hen-
rietta, beloved wife of Henry J. Wedekind and
mother of Elsie Wedeklnd and sister of Miss
Elizabeth Lampke and daughter-in-law of Mrs.
D. Wedeklnd, a native of Hanover, Germany,
aged 29 years 8 months and 25 days.
tSS" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Friday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from 16 Al-
varado street, between Valencia and Guerrero,
Twenty-second and Twenty-third. Interment
Odd Fellows' Cemetery. - .
WKIBSICH — In this city, June 11, 1896, William
Otto, beloved husband of Caroline Weissici,
and father of Mrs. Theodor Dlerks, Mrs- Clem-
ens Eschmann. Miss Julia and Willia-n O. Wei-
■slch, a native of Buckeburs, Hchanmbure*Llpp«,
Hanover, Germany, aged. 70 years and 24 days.
49* Friends and acquaintances are re^oest- •
fully invited to attend the funeral SUNDAY,
June 14, at 2 o'clock p. if., from his la'.e resi-
dence, 1818 Buchanan street, between Eddy and
Ellis. , Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
I (VIcAVOY & CALLACHER, I
FUNERAL DIBF.OTORS A '
20 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. • .
N Telephone 3080. .
. )
_>sff-DEW-Y_CO.^fgV
(_■ .^patents! j
MARKET sISSSS^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
/IHARLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 639 Market st., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Realdenoe IBM
Jftdlit. Telephone; "i-ias" -S&U.
1516
SPIRITS ON GEORGE
E. WHITE'S LAP
Thrilling Tale Told by the
"Mendocino Cattle
King."
GREAT PERSIAN GOLIATH
Owes His Life to a Prescription
From His Deceased
Mother.
HOW HE ESCAPED WOODMAN.
Marvelous Story of the Rancher
King's Conversion to the
Spiritua'istic Cult.
George E. White, "the Mendocino Cat
tle King," has been converted to the doc
trines of spiritualism, and is now a strong
advocate of the cult
"Do you know," be said cautiously,
George E. White, the Mendocino "Cattle King," Who Says Spiritual Friends
Saved His Life From Dan Woodman.
bending forward so as not to be overheard
by certain hangers-on, "that they are all
around us in the air now? One just
tapped me on ihe back of the head— that
is the way they usuaily manifest them*
selves.
"How was 1 converted to a belief in
spiritualism? Well, now, that is a rather
long story, but I will try to abridge it all
I can. Before I finish you may think me
crazy, but just let me whisper a word in
your ear— it. was only a few years ago that
I was as skeptical as you and pooh-poohed
the idea myself.
"As I said, it was only a few years ago
that I lay flat on my back in Or kland and
the doctors had given me word that I
wanted to procure my ticket across tbe
river Jordan. I was mightily scared, but
finally resolved that 1 would make a test
of spiritualism and see if there was any
thing in it.
"So I called a medium and she went into
a trance. In a short while the spirits of
my mother and my first wife appeared to
me. My mother sorrowfully laid her
hand upon my fevered brow and said:
" 'Oh, my Bon, 1 am distracted to find
you in such a condition.'
" 'Tell me, dear mother, 1 I said, 'whether
1 am going to die?'
"'That is beyond my ken,' was her
answer, 'but we will do all we can for you.'
Then they made out a prescription, which
was left me.
"Well, sir," Baid the cattle king excit
edly, "you might not believe it, but 1 took
that medicine and was well in a very short
time. From that day to this my faith has
been growing stronger every day.
"Oh ! you want to know if I have re-
The most potent rem- |
edy ever called upon
in a case of emer-
gency* A gentle tonic
and stimulant, sooth'
ing to the stomach,
helpful to the system;
correcting derange-
ments caused by over-
eating or indigestible
food* A remedy used
the wide world over
for 75 years*
Sold .-verywhere. Ask for Fred Brown's.
ritXD BKOWA CO., PHILADELPHIA.
ceived any communications from the
spiritland in regard to the recent trial of
Crow, Van Horn and others in Weaver
ville lately, do you? Well, just wait until
I tell you what 1 want to and then you
can question me.
"Well, some time ago I went to Boston.
Wnile there the spirit of my former wife
would ofttimes come and sit in my lap and
we would talk over the condition of affairs
terrestrial."
He was asked if tDe same manifestations
ever occurred here in California, and re
plied not as to sitting in his lap. White
J thought spirits were as particular where
they appeared as human beings, and that
the spirit of his former wife eviden ily was
better pleased with the Bostonian than the
I Californian climate.
"Now," he continued, "let me tell you
of tbe seances Mrs. Whitney, a certain
young lady whose name I do not know
and myself have been in the habit of bold
ing here. When Mrs. Whitney goes into
a trance, she is rigid and pale as death. In
fact, she is really dead, and her spirit is at
work busily calling the spirits of departed
persons up.
"Every day they come. There are about
twenty of them in all, and they are under
the guidance of a Persian magician eight
feet four inches tall.
"Talk about beauty and grandeur. You
just ought to see that Persian magician. It
is something a man could not believe
without seeing. His garment is after the
Eastern or Oriental type and of the finest
materials. On his head is a golden crown
that emits rays bright as an arc light, and
oh — the star on his breast I"
Here the Mendocino cattleman leaned
back dreamily, and the look on his counte
nance was perfectly ecstatic
"Just give me that cane of yours," he
suddenly c xclaimed, "and I will make a
diagram of it."
He took the cane and drew a diagram
on the floor of the star the spiritual
Goliath wore on his breast. When he had
finished describing it in detail he contin
ued his story:
"As you know, I have not been in the
best of health lately, and I asked this ma
gician what I had best do for it. Well, for
some time I could not make him under
stand me, because he spoke in the Persian
j tongue, but in about four months he had
I mastered the English language and was
able to advise me for my good. This is
something really wonderful, you know, as
it would take a human being about as
many years to master the finesse of a for
eign language.
"Since that time I go into this small
room across the hall every day when it is
time to take my medicine. Immediately
the magician appears with his followers.
Holding an empty goblet in my own hand
I grasp hold of his hand with the other.
I No matter how tenaciously I cling to the
i goblet it always dematerializes. When it
is again placed- in my hand it contains the
potion for me to drink. I immediately
feel invigorated."
The cattle king then related a marvelous
instance of how he had made a wager of
fifty cents with a certain lady living two
miles away, that on the evening the wager
j was made he would obtain possession of a
certain valentine she had in her posses
sion, and would return it to her later.
"She at once locked It in a trunk," he
said, "and sat on the trunk and read a
newspaper till past the hour named as the
limit. A little sprite who has done me
many favors — Mayflower is her name at
once set out to get the valentine.
"In a short time she returned and said
that in getting it out of the trunk she
would have to tear a small piece off the
corner. I told her to go ahead, and soon
she returned and handed it to me, with a
small part of the corner torn off. This
little nymph always appears to me by sit
ting on my shoulder and will uot converse
with me unless I let her do so.
"When I went up to the woman's
house, there she was sitting on the trunk.
I asked her if she had the valentine, and
when she looked in the trunk she almost
fainted to find it gone. I then produced
it, and at the sight of it she grabbed it and
ran down the stairway without saying a
word."
White told of a similar instance that
occurred in the case of his brother, Perry
White of Virginia. Here, however, his
brother remained with him, and' the
magician had to come in and lend May
flower his assistance. When the article, a
leathern wallet, was dropped into his
brother's lap White said the effect was
worse than the recent turn in politics on
Boss Buckley.
"And now," he went on, "you want to
know if the spirits have told me anything
about the Round Valley affair, do you?
Do you remember when Dan Woodman
held me up in a creek and made me sign
checks to the amount of $25,000?
"W T ell. Mrs. Emma Robinson and an
other woman came along in a buggy just
in time to prevent his killing me. The
spirits afterward told me that they had
instigated Mrs. Robinson to do this, as
they could think of no other way of saving
me. Mrs. RoDinson herself told me that
she never could analyze the motive that
caused her to go out riding that day.
"As for this latest phase of the troubles
up home, I had better not speak under
the circumstances. Mr*. Whitney, how
ever, has received a communication from
the spirit land that Littlefield met his
death at the hands of a mob."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, JUNE 12, 1896.
CORBETT SMITES
THE HANDBALL
He Spars George Green,
Who Thumps the
Champion.
THE BOUT WAS FURIOUS
Sharkey's Muscular Development
and Wind Improve With
Practice.
CIVIC FEDERATION AWAKE.
It Will Meet To-Day to Take Steps
to Stop the Fight if It Is
Unlawful.
As the days goby Champion Jim is get
ting down to earnest and harder work
for his approaching four -round spar
ring contest with Tom Sharkey. Though
Corbett has no money to lose in the
match, he realizes that he must sus
tain his reputation as the champion
pugilist, and that being uppermost in
mind, there is no doubt that he will try to
put Sharkey to sleep in the first round if
he can, and at all events by the fourth, if
the salt-water boy make 3 the defense that
the champion does not really seem to an
ticipate. But probably in his secret mind,
as Corbett continues to hear more of Shar
key's wonderful muscular development
and his long wind, he suspects that he
may have more of a job than his friends
anticipate. Sharkey's wind is becoming
daily more like the supply of a bag-pipe,
will last a long time and require a good
many thumps to eznaust it.
Corbett put in about three hours of
steady work in the Olympic Club gym
nasium yesterday. He began about 11:30
o'clock and quit before 2. He indulged in
handball, working leisurely at the wrist
and chest-aevelopment machines, punch
ing the bag and sparring with George
Green.
In the handball game with the champion
were Green, James AlcElroy and another
man. They played about forty-five min
utes. Corbett went after the ball witn his
old-time dash and agility. It is his favor
ite gymnasium game, and he takes more
interest in it than a checker enthusiast
does at checkers. The game requires a
quick eye, a sure hand and quick move
ment, and all of these the champion has
and to spare. The game put color in his
cheeks and brought out the perspiration
on his shoulders.
Wherever Corbett went in the gymna
sium there he was followed by the forty
members of the club and other persons.
He treated them all courteously. Though
the single focus of all eyes, the champion
did not seem to notice it, and kept at his
work with the diligence and unostentation
of a man who is sawing wood alone in his
own back yard.
It was in punching the bags that the
conqueror of Suiiivan appeared more to
the liking of the spectators. The bags
were slow and Corbett remarked disparag
ingly about it, but he kept them riving as
lively as a nest of hornets nevertheless.
When the bags are slow they are not in
flated with wind as tightly as they ought
to be.
In this exercise the champion gave a
fine exhibition of left-hand drives, upper
cuts and right-hand swings.
Corbett has an almost incomparably de
ceptive feint with his left which he fol
lows up qqick as a flash with a right-hand
swing or uppercut. Il is in ail probability
that this is the blow that the sailor lad
will run up against, much to his sorrow, if
he is put to sleep.
When Corbett was told yesterday that
Sharkey saui he intended tostay with him,
he said: "Well, if he says so I guess he
will."
Sharkey took the usual exercise at the
Acme Athletic Club in Oakland yesterday
afternoon, preceded by a long walk in the
forenoon. He says he feels more like
meetine Corbett every time he trains.
There was no sparring because one of the
hands of his trainer, Danny Needham, is
still sore.
In the JEneid, Virgil tells the story of
the Greek legend of Laocoon and his two
sons whom the gods compelled to fight
the serpents because Laocoon married with
more haste than consideration of the law,
and because he was suspected of putting
the Trojans onto the secret of the wooden
horse before Troy. In the Vatican at
Rome is a marble statue of Laocoon and
his sons struggling with the serpents, in
which the muscles of the mythicai strong
man are most prominent.
The muscles of Tom Sharkey recall the
fabled muscles of the hero of this fablea
tragedy. They stand out all over his
chest, trunk, shoulders and legs, con
spicuous as whipcords and knots. If
Sharkey can stand punishment in propor
tion to his muscular development, the
contest on the 24th mat. will have two
sides to it instead of one.
Judgment around town in sporting cir
cles is divided in regard to the result of
the Corbett- Sharkey contest. While
Sharkey is in active training in Oakland,
persons can be found on this side of the
bay who think that he will fall down be
fore the champion before the end of the
third round. Indeed, there are some who
say that the sailor lad will not last more
than two rounds.
But the largest part of the wealth that
i 3 being up is even money that Sharkey
will be on his feet at the end of the fourth
and last round. As the temper and de
termination of the pugilistic gladiators
becomes more apparent, there is no dis
guising the fact that Sharkey is going to
fight when he gets into the ring. Being a
star of lesser magnitude in the pugilistic
constellation, ne will not stand up and be
pounded like a chopping-biock. The
sailor lad has fortitude, nerve, courage
and a physique that has never been
touched by dissipation in any form. On
the contrary, he has been used to regular
hours and filling his lun^s full of the pure,
fresh air of the ocean wave all his life, and
this alone puts him in prime condition.
He has never touched whisky in his life;
in regard to beer, Suarkey says "that is
another story." But he has taken only
thirubletuls of that, where the average up
to-date youth has put "schooners" out of
sieht.
'The Civic Federation, which has taken
a stand against the fi /lit, will hold a meet
ing this afternoon at 3 o'clock in the Mills'
building to consider the question ot its
illegality and to consider what steps to
take to stop it if it is decided that the
four-round contest is a violation of law.
SHE WAS UNHAPPY.
• •
The Police Searching for Mrs. Mamie
Koss of 615 Mason Street.
The disappearance of Mrs. Mamie Ross,
615 Mason street, was reported to the po
lice yesterday afternoon by her husband,
who is a bartender in Siebe's saloon, 340
Kearny street.
When he left her Wednesday evening
there was nothing unusual in her con
duct. He is night bartender, and, when
he returned yesterday morning, he was
surprised to find a note from her on the
table statin? that she was unhapnv and
had decided to go away, but she did not
say where.
Ross made inquiry and found that
shortly.after he left Wednesday evening
she pa"eked her trunk and had it taken to
the ferry by an expressman. She was
seen at the ferry, acting very strangely,
but no further trace of her could be lound.
She had been sick and despondent for
some months and her husband was afraid
she might have committed suicide. She
was 28 years of age and had been married
twice.
BOXING AND WRESTLING.
Sport at the Manhattan and Phoenix
Athletic Clubs— lttuller'B Challenge.
The Phoenix Athletic Club will hold its
monthly entertainment this evening at
the rooms, corner of Eighth and Folsom
sireets. An excellent programme con
sisting of boxing, gymnastics and club
swinging has been arranged and a nrst
class evening's sport is assured.
At the fifth monthly entertainment of
the Manhattan Athletic Club in its club
rooms, 1749 Mission street, the following
sp'endid programme of events was carried
out:
Overture, orchestra; sonsr, Louis Levenberg;
club-swinging Professor Bernhardt of ttie
Mannattan Club; recitation, Mark W. Noble;
song, Robert Masters; contortion feats. Pro
fessor Lenori; ariel feats, Lemore and Le Noir;
specialties, J. J Killeen, comedian; fencing,
Professors Tronchet and Orton of the Olympic
Club; wrestling, George Mertes and Fred Hoff
man and Paul ben hard and Robert McCrossen.
The boxing bouts concluded a first-class
entertainment. The performers were Gus
and Fred Muller, Joseph and John Cuneo,
A. Plantages and F. Shoenfeld, T. and P.
Lynch, T. Devine and J. McDevitte, Lucy
and Muller, J. Linehan and J. Crcwley,
Peppers and Wiggins.
The club will give its first excursion and
games Sunday next at Niles Canyon.
Valuable prize* will be given to those who
will compete successfully in athletic
games.
Fred Muller of the club states that he
lion. P. C. Jones of Hawaii, Now Here, Who Is En Route East to Place $3,000,00 C
Worth of Hawaiian 4 Per Cent Bonds.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
would be pleased to meet Charles Slanberg
of the Acme Athletic Club of Oakland in a
contest for tbe lightweight championship
of the coast.
ALL REPUBLICAN WOMEN
Advice From J. Ellen Foster and
a Message From Mc-
Kinley.
Membership of Their State Central
Club Increased to 202— T0 Attend
Ratification Meeting.
The Woman's Republican State Central
Club met last night at the California
Hotel, talked over plans for raising cam
paign funds by entertainments, listened
to the reading of several encouraging let
ters from the East, applauded brief greet
ings from the great McKinley, and ad
journed in a body to attend a meeting of
the Young Men's Republican League at
the City Hall.
As to the proposed entertainment the
club has narrowed its choice of halls down
to the Odd Fellows' and the Union
square, a final decision to be made at the
next regular meeting.
Two new members were enrolled, making
the club membership 202. It was unani
mously decided to be present at and to
take part in the Republican ratification
meeting to be held the night after nomina
tions are made in St. Louis^
One of the more lengthy letters from
sympathizers in the East was fro raj. Ellen
Foster of Washington, president of the
Woman's Republican Association of the
United States. She said that she had
watched with interest and satisfaction the
progress of the woman's suffrage campaign
in California. The letter continued:
Women are likely to fall into the error of be
lieving they can accomplish most for political
righteousness by acting independently of party
politics; in the consciousness of political recti
tude and in the first flush of political con
sciousness they say: "We will not pledge al
legiance to anybody; we will think and act for
ourselves; we will vote for the best men
wherever we find them." The independent
votes of men or women is more likely to be an
irresponsible vote than to be a tonic or a
stimulant to either political party.
This is all William McKinley wrote, but
it was enough to arouse enthusiastic ap
plause :
WIIXIAIf MCKINLEY, CANTON, OHIO, >
. . . May 25, 1896. j
Addie L. Ballon, President Woman* Kepubli
can State Central Club, Room 63, 1170 Market
Street, San Francisco, Cat.— My Dear Madam:
Please convey to the Woman's Republican
btate Central Club my gratitude for their
kindly greetings and expressions of confidence
through you. Yours very truly,
W. McKinley.
The meeting closed after *a short speech
by J. E. Jarrett, who, as a representative
ot the Republicans of the Forty-fourth
District, complimented the women upon
their enterprise, encouraged them to be
persistent, and generally discussed the
superiority of the Republican party, and
its right to be restored to power.
Croome Is a Sad Man.
Dr. William Croome, a dentist, was sued yes
terday for divorce by Lillian M. Croome, his
wife. She says he is extremely cruel. She en
tered suit against him some time ago, but
withdrew it on his promise to do better. He
broke the family china and j his promise at the
same time, and now she says she will believe
»»«n no more.
GOING TO PUCE
HAWAIIAN BONDS
Ex-Minister Jones to Sell
$3,000,000 of Four
Per Cents.
CAN DO IT, HE THINKS
The Government Will Make Over
$60,000 a Year by It,
So He Says.
IS NOT HARD UP FOR MONEY
Its Idea Is to Swap Its 6 Per Cents
for Bonds Bearing a Lower
Rate of Interest.
Hon. P. C. Jones, president of the oldest
American house in Hawaii — that of Brewer
& Co. — and Minister of Finance under
Queen Liliuokalani during the last part of
her reign, and also under the Provisional
Government, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Jones has been many years a resi
dent of Hawaii and has large interests
there.
He has come here on a very important
mission. It is to place certain bonds of
the Government. With him is connected
R. P. Rithet of this City.
It should not be inferred from this that
the Hawaiian republic is hard up. On the
contrary, as shown- by an interview with
Minister' of Finance Damon in The Call
yesterday, its finances are in admirable
shape.
It is simply that Mr. Jones, so he
says, has pointed out a way that
the Government can do better than pay
the interest it is now paying.
President Dole has extended the session
of the Legislature ten days to consider it.
There is apparently no doubt at all but
that Mr. Jones' proposition will be ac
cepted. He has come on here as though
it was already done, Dut for that matter
he was coming anyway.
Mr. Jones said yesterday, in referring to
the matter:
"If the Government is prepared to ac
cept our proposition, there is no question
but we can get the money. The amount
of the bonds issued, that is the total issue
at the present time, is in exact figures
13,096,000. These bonds bear 6 per cent in
terest, amounting to over $180,000 a year.
"It is now proposed to refund these for
a new issue of 4 per cent bonds. I pro
pose, with my friends, to furnish the Gov
ernment with money to take up the present
bonds and replace them with the 4 per cent
bonds.
"The Government has the right to call
in the 6 per cents, or at least $1,000,000 of
them held in London, and the others can
soon be taken up also.
"This difference of 2 per cent would
mean a saving to the Government of $60,
-000 a year. I have Eastern friends who
will be willing to invest in the bonds at 4
per cent.
"Besides this our own people who have
this year been successful and made money
out of sugar will have money to invest,
and will aid the Government."
Mr. Jones left for New York last night.
He will be back on July 10, and in a day
or two afterward will sail on the Australia
for Honolulu. Mr. Jones expects in a few
days to be formally notified by his Gov
ernment to go ahead.
A BRILLIANT NIGHT.
To judge from tbe sale and the theater
parties already formed there will be a
brilliant audience at the Columbia Thea
ter on Monday next to see the New York
Lyceum Theater's greatest success, "The
Charity Ball." Maxirae Elliott, Frank
Worthing and the entire Frawley Com
pany will appear.
The Fire Department.
The Fire Commissioners met yesterday after
noon and accepted the resignations of Daniel
Martin of engine 17, W. J. R. Bartlett of en
gine 25 and John Driscoll of truck 3. Howard
Marden was appointed hosemin of engine 32,
Thomas Borland hose urn n o£ engine 17, and
Thomas F. Mnrphy hoseman of engine 25.
Thomas Kelly of chemical engine 4 was lined
five days' pay for neglect of duty.
The Euphrates in termed in the East
"The Royal River," from the fact that
672 kings have reigned on its banks.
M_^^ ~~~^^_-^ NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
l| TWO MORE DAYS OF ALMOST jjj
I GIVING AWAY CAPES AND JACKETS, a
IB' TWO DAYS OF WONDERFUL NOTION AND I ■
j| ' FANCY GOODS OFFERING. i
ii FANCY GOODS. ;|
iU SPECIAL SALE OF VEILING?— PIain and fancy mesh, 14 f f\ n i ,
in inches wide, assorted colors, value 20c to 25c. -Special. .. . I"C
*• ••••»«.»„». , . Yard j I
• I SHELF PAPER, red, pink, blue, white, corn, fancy open- A n ill
II worked edge. Twenty yards for Be. Will make your pantry T"C i
i shelves clean as wax; 10 yards in a bunch Bunch '
i j TOOTH BRUSHES— A nickel for a brush is dollars saved to a e~ '
I I dentist's, lots of better grades. This one is a 10c brush for.. ' Ot | { ,
\ 1 : Each 1
II JAPANESE TELESCOPE BASKETS— If you pay 30c elsewhere O(\n ! '
i§ you can get the same here for L'Oc. 90c, 85c, 80c, 75c, 70c, 65c,
!]y 60c, 55c, 50c, 45c. 40c, 35c, 30c, 25c and Each yy
I 1 | GOLD RINGS— That is, they look like gold, sound like gold, feel W '
I a like gold, wear like gold, weigh like gold and even smell like O^r> . ,
f gold, a novelty and yet not a bit of gold. Ask to see them. £DL>
169 50cand E acn mi
• • ALUMINIUM THIMBLES— A twentieth century metal, just as ">_ ■ i
' good as silver. Be up to date. A novelty at a novelty price
yf Each t '
if r
;( CLOAKS— CAPES.
'19 LADIES' BLAZER JACKETS, in tan, blue and black. They pa. t f
I' t are old but cheap, and you better look at them. Our price to VC iff
. close Each JJ
iat 17 DOLMANS, suitable for old ladies, in silk and velvet. O QC
'yf Mayer's price $16 50 to $22 50. Price to close 4>^.Oi> ft
lit • Each li
Iff 78 LADIES' SKIRTS, black and blue English cloth, very full. C 1 — C If
J These are decided bargains at $2 50. Our price to close .. 4JI«/O ]
]] Each II
)]f 46 LADIES' SUITS, black, navy or tan mixtures, skirt 5 yards Iff
■ a wide, velvet bound, lined throughout with rustle percaline, d* c f\f\ ■■ i
] tan mixed jacket, lined with fancy silk, value $12. Our price H>&»\J\J yf'
Iff toclose Each ...
Iff 38 HEAVY BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, 5 yards wide, lined CCfIA Iff
' a throughout with rustle percaline, bound with velvet,' value 1
W^J $750. Our price ..;...-. Each Iff
W / $4€r**-*r W 1
S H ALEBROS., j
]J INCORPORATED, ' '
HI 937* 939, 94', 943» 945 Market St. JJ|-
EXTENDING ITS FEEDERS
Improvements Being Made by
the Southern Pacific
Company.
All of Them Are Being Confined to
the Lower Portion of the
State.
While no great projects are now tinder
way or contemplated by the Southern Pa
cific Company at the present time, there
are improvements in progress in various
parts of the State which will mean not
only improved facilities for the shippers
in these particular localities, but also in
creased revenue for the Southern Pacific
Company.
H. E. Huntington returned yesterday
from a trip to the southern portion of the
State and in the course of an interview
outlined briefly what hia company is do
ing there.
One of the most important improve
ments is the loop of eighteen miles, spring
ing from the main line of the Southern
Pacific Railroad at Bassett, passing
through Covena, San Diemas. Lordsburg
and back to the main line at Pomona.
This laps one of the finest orange and
citrus sections in the State.
This loop is complete except for the lay
ing of about 1200 feet of track along one
of the streets of Pomona. Right of way
over this street was obtained from the city
authorities, but one of the property
owners along thi* street began injunction
proceedings, and, pending a decision in
the case, work has been suspended. The
entire line is graded and the road can be
put in operation within twenty-four hours
after the work of laying the rails on the
gap is begun.
Despite the fact that Riverside is the
huD of a very rich and populous section
the Southern Pacific has never had a regu
lar train service into that thriving and
progressive city. But all this is to be
changed and work has been commenced
to convert the motor road now running
from Colton to Riverside into a regular
spur of the Southern Pacific Railroad and
which will permit of regular passenger and
freight service into and out of Riverside.
No change, uon-ever, wUI be made for the
present in the motor road between Colton
and San Bernardino.
Mr. Huntington also reported a further
extension of the coast line from Tangair to
the Santa Ynez River, four and two-tenths
miles to the south.
This leaves but a gap of fifty-six miles to
make this a through line between San
Francisco and Los Angeles. Progress will
be stopped at the river until the big and
expensive bridge across it has been com
pleted. Work has begun on it, but it will
be months before it is completed. Beyond
the river progress will be slow owing to
the many small streams that have to be
crossed between the Santa Ynez and El
wood. This will necessitate a great amount
of filling or trestlework.
The first train to the Santa Ynez River
left here yesterday a» S:ls a.m. It will
make a close connection at the river with i
the stage for Lompoc, nine miles distant.
The stage ride will be along the river the
entire way, and on a driveway that is un
excelled in the State for hardness and
Bmoothnes3.
At Lompoc, which will be reached at
8:15 p. m., the passengers will lay over for
the night, and resume the stage ride at 7
A. M., arriving at Santa Barbara at 6 p. si.
Brutal Carmen.
The cases of Patrick Mahoney, motorman,
and Robert Henry, conductor, of a Kearny
street car, charged with assault with a deadly
weapon upon Henry Behnke, a passenger, on
Wednesday, were called in Judge Campbell's
court yesterday. The defendants were ar
raigned and their preliminary examination
fixed for Wednesday, June 17.
pHIUDELPH shoe Cd
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MBRIT.
CM f\(\ l/k- I
oI.UU .Jfcijfl
DON'T Sat See HURT
our trade ?— a question we are asked every
day, and our answer is: Perhaps It. does, bat you
see we are offering such bargains, and giving such
inducements to our customers that they are morn
than pleased to walk around the obstruction, and
inconsequence our business is more than holding
its own. We recognize the fact that we must sell
cheap if we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoes and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before in this city. This week we are sell-
ing Ladies' .Russet Oxfords, with Pointed Toes and
Tips and Hand-turned Soles, for $1.00. We have
them in C, D and E widths.
We have a solid wearing f Ixm X' "Vy"'"V
line of Misses' Dongola >T^ I LJL J
Kid Button Shoes, with > —^
Patent leather Tips and I^&"*"*
Spring Heels, which we § X /
will sell for SI. OO per I "V I
pair. They fit well, wear f "*) J
well, and are well worth J>'+( '4
much more than we are S*Jr' a
asking for them. We jCSr a
carry them D and X wide. *i!\m>< jf
KW Country orders solicited.
; MS" Send for New Illustrated Catalonia
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street, San Francisco.
675,»4R00MS
%|y m %W CONSISTING OF
PARLOR.BEDROOMJDniINQ-ROOM, KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard -.-50 Cant*
Oil Cloth, per yard.. ~ »5 Cent*
Matting, per yard 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces •*<* OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror 9*5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
Four-Room Catalogues Mulled Fire.
£7" Free Packing ud Delivery acrou th« Bar. .v .<■< ■■:
■ Efipf I■ 9 4%
'■; ~\ C^r O*7 ■^p'
T9 THE VERY iJKoi 1 ONE TO EXAMISR
J. your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with instruments of hit own invention,
whose superiority has not been equaled. My »*>
cess has been due to the merit* or my work.
Office Hours— I'- 10 1 c. it-
I ri&ifs Man Veptable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons w ha
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood,
Grossman's SbbcUlc Mixtiirs »>
. With this remedy persons can cure themselves
without the least exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least Injury to t hit
constitution. Ask your druggist tor it. Price *1 *
U)tUe-