VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 157.
CALIFORNIA'S BIG CONVENTION
REPUBLICANS 111
LINE OF BATTLE,
Sentiment Against Pledging
Grows as the Struggle
Draws Near.
STAND OF LOS ANGELES'
CONTINGENT.
Delegates Table a Resolution
in Favor of McKinley
Instructions.
PROCEEDINGS OF THE CENTRAL
COMMITTEE.
None But Menbers or Delegates to the
Convention Allowed to Hold
Proxies.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— lndoors
and out of doors, morning, noon and
night, in whispers and in loud tones of
defiance, the buzz political buzzed and
' buzzed and buzzed, all about one question :
"Who is to be chairman of the conven
tion?" In the morning there were six
Candidates, each with a band of flushed
and fervent partisans, but after the lunch
hour there were but two— Frank Coombs
of Napa and W. E. Arthur of Pasadena,
the former claiming several northern
delegations and the latter claiming the
loyal support of the citrus-belted south.
In the morning every man apparently
was for McKinley, with no second choice,
and in favor of an instructed delegation.
In the morning the Los Angeles delega
tion proudly wore the badge of "McKin
ley, protection and progress."
Jn theevening the same delegation wore
a silk badge of a Malta blood hue, with
the words in large black letters, "Los An
geles delegation,"- but the white silk badge
of the champion of protection was nowhere
Tisible.
'■Where is the McKiniey badge .you wore
this morning?" was asked n[ Edward J.
>~Ues, one of the most astute of the dele
gation.
"It's under ray coat, next to my heart,"
hp replied, with a significant wink.
That was all the explanation he would
give as to the disappearance of the badge.
; In the morning the Los Angeles delega
• tion were in favor of a delegation pledged
lor McKinley. In the evening that same
delegation tabled a resolution declaring
the delegates to be in favor of going in
structed.
The star of McKinley, that beamed so
brightly in the morning, began to pale to
ward eyeninp. The Los Angeles men
■ were among his. most enthusiastic sup
porters, but a change must have come over
the spirit of their dreams, for they swung
•around after dark and declined to extend
to him the benefit of an instructed delega
tion.
Kelly and the ghost of Rainey were in
high glee in the morning. In the evening
Mr. Kelly's usually good-natured counte
nance was sicklied o'er with the pale cast
of disappointment, and the Rainey ghost
looked as if it had been soaked with a
stream from-a fire hose, for the conspira
tors had received a severe set-back by the
action of the Los Angeles delegates, who
The San Francisco Call
are sixty-thtee in number and a power in
the land, and another set-back in the
State Central Committee meeting in the
evening.
On the whole, it was a very bad day for
Mr. Kelly, and he was feeling rather
poorly at last accounts.
Rumors were afloat late to-night to the
effect tnat a dark horse was to gallop up
over the southern horizon as delegate-at
large to represent those who were dis
satisfied with General Sheldon. Inquiry
developed the fact thnt this movement
was being forwarded by northern county
friends of ex-Governor Markham and that
the man of the magnetic hand was to be
named to-morrow by a northern man as a
candidate for aelegate-at-large. It is not
believed, however, that the ex-Governor
will allow his name to be used between
the upper millstone of Sheldon and the
nether one of Grant.
The result of the day's work has been
that the McKinley tide, which came in on
the flood at dawn, started to ebb at dusk.
While some of his friends of the dawn did
not turn his picture to the wall, they took
his badges off their coat lapels and placed
them on their ve3ts, being careful at the
same time to button their coats.
The convention will meet to-morrow at
2 p. m. The morning will be occupied
with caucusing in preparation of the event.
Grove L. Johnson's Congressional com
mittee will meet in the forenoon, and will
renorninate him.
Los Ancele3 held another caucus to
night and it was the most important meei
ing by far of the past twenty-four hours
for several reasons. It involved the salient
and nearly all-absorbing question of in
structions to the St. Louis delegation, the
chairmanship of the convention and the
matter of delegates at large. .Resolutions
favoring instructions failed to pass. Gen
eral L. A. Sheldon and U. S. Grant of San
Diego were indorsed as delegates at large
and W. E. Arthur of Pasadena as chair
man of the convention.
In Los Angeles County are six Assembly
districts, each of whicit selected the dele
gates to the State Convention separately.
Five gave instructions for McKinley, but
the Seventy-fourth, which will be repre
sented by thirteen delegates in the con
vention, declined to pass a resolution
favoring instructions to the St. Louis dele
gation to be chosen by the State Conven
tion, though McKinlev was indorsed.
When the motion came up to pledge the
entire Los Angeles delegation to vote for
instructions there was considerable de
bate, and finally, by force of the prevailing
sentiment, Chairman Osborne felt it in
cumbent on him to declare the motion out
of order on the ground that it would not
be just to the lone delegation or the other
five to force it into a position contrary to
what it had been asked to take by the dis
trict convention which had elected it.
This means that the Los Angeles delega
tion will not vote as a unit for a pledged or
instructed delegation to St. Louis, and gives
the lie to the boastful words of those who
are clamoring for instructions in season
and out with reason and without, bat
mostly without.
Then, in order to secure the close co
operation of the San Diego delegation and
the other counties of the Seventh Congres
sional District, it was decided to indorse
the candidacy of U. S. Grant of San Diego
for delegate at large, in addition to that of
General Sheldon.
The Sacramento Bee contains a douDle
leaded editorial this evening, part of
which is as follows:
There appears to be a disposition— as sui
cidal as it will be unpopular— to rush McKin
ley to the front at the sacrifice of everything
else; to crowd to the background the people's
demand for a free silver platform, and to say
to the voters of California: "We will declare
to St. Louis that you are for William McKin
ley, and not particular about anything else.
That is all that is necessary."
That is not all that is necessary, and it is not
true. The Bee has thoroughly demonstrated
that the Republicans of (he State of California
are not for McKinley so much as they are for
free silver; tnat they aro for principle first
and for the man as a secondary consideration.
The voice of the Republicans of California is
for free silver, and it may prove to be a sorry
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, MAY 5, 1896.
day for the party in this State if that voice is
Btified in the morrow's convention.
The McKinley boomers will perpetrate a silly
piece of political folly if theyseek to strangle
the cause of silver in this convention, uuder
the mistaken idea that McKinley will be the
only political pod in the coming camnagn.
The people of California— of the entire Pacific
Coast— are wedded to the doctrine of the free
coinage of silver.
To give free silver "the glassy eye and the
marble hand" may not prove so laughable
when the votes are counted at the next elec
tion as some of these arrogant would-be
Caesars affect to believe that it would be.
Let the convention show a little political
judgment, as well as some consideration for
the wishes of tne masses of the party.
The Los Angeles delegation has agreed
upon Field and Porter as delegates from
the Sixth Congressional District.
The San Joaquin County delegation cau
cused at midnight and decided to support
Louttit for delegate at large.
Colonel George Stone, president of the
Union League Club, has withdrawn from
the contest for delegate from the Fifth
District. Colonel Stone said:
"I found that many persons were saying
that the club was being used to promote
my fight, and therefore to prove that I
have no desire to use the organization in
that manner I decided to withdraw."
It is given out generally now that
Colonel Stone, who is going to St. Louis
anyway, will get a unanimous vote, for
one of the alternates at large.
THE STATE COMMITTEE.
A Ruling That Proxies Can Be Held by
Member* or Convention Dele
gate* Only.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— The Su
preme Court room in the State Capitol was
filled with tobacco smoke to-night when
Chairman P. B. Cornwall called the meet
ing of the State Central Committee to
order.
The calling of the roll by Secretary Step
pacher revealed the fact that a great many
proxies were present, and after a whis
pered consultation with the secretary
Chairman Cornwall announced that of the
110 members of the committee there were
fifty present, the remainder being repre
sented by proxies for the most part in the
hands of outsiders.
"The invariable custom and the law of
the committee," proceeded Mr. Cornwall,
"has been that proxies could not be re
ceived except by members of the commit
tee. lam not passing upon any rule to
night, but it seems to me to be a very
improper thing for less than a majority of
the committee to sit here and receive
proxies that might outvote the members
of the committee present."
Samuel M. Shortridge moved that a
committee of three be appointed to exam
amine and report upon proxies. The
chair ruled Mr. Shortridge out of order,
on the ground that be was not a member
of the committee.
"Then," continued Mr. Shortridge, "as
a Republican and having the welfare of
the Republican party ol this State at
heart, I desire to say that I acted at the
meeting of February 29—"
A. Ruef of San Francisco excitedly in
terrupted with a call to order.
H. P. Sonntag moved as an amendment
that the committee consist of seven, and
that only proxies in the hands of mem
bers of the committee should be consid
ered. Mr. Cornwall hastily put the mo
tion and declared it carried, notwithstand
ing that there were noes enough to war
rant a division. The chair began naming
the members of the committee in accord
ance with the motion, and some one
cried as a suggestion : "Frank Rhodes of
Sacramento."
"I don't know Mr. Rhodes," said Mr.
Cornwall, in a tone cold enough to skate
upon; "if the gentleman will excuse me I
will appoint the committee myself."
This Deing sarcasm, as Bill Nye would
say, was greeted witn a laugh.
Then the committee went into recess
with a basket of proxies. The members
of the committee were: H. P. Sonntag of
San Francisco, G. C. Ross of San Mateo,
J. W. Snyder of Mariposa, A. B. Lemrnon
of Sonoma, Asa R. Wells of San Faancisco,
Arthur W. Kinney of Los Angeles and A.
Ruef of Ban Francisco.
Judge Walling of Nevada was not
pleased with the chairman's decision and
expressed his mind freely to Mr. Cornwall
to that effect.
"We are as good Republicans," said the
Judge, "as the members of the committee.
You allow outsiders to hold proxies to
the State Convention, and the convention
is higher than the committee, for the com
mittee is the creature of the convention."
Mr. Shortridge also expressed his disap
proval of tne chairman's rulings, as being
inconsistent and illogical. Thus was the
recess whiled away during the time con
sumed by the committee in examining the
sixty proxies.
After the committee had been out about
a quarter of an hour it reported that the
following proxies be accepted: Haskell of
Lo3 Angeles to Kinney.Gassen of San Diego
toJ.C. Long, R.J. North an to J. C. Daly.W.
C. Johnson to A. Ruef, C. F. Weber to J. D.
Spreckels, W. W. Montague to J. D.
Spreckels, J. H. Dawson to J. D. SprecKels',
I. Upham to J. D. Spreckels, C. A. Hue to
J. D. Spreckels, H. L. Dodge to J. D.
Spreckels, William Cluff to J. D. Spreckels,
Bundschu to Manwaring, W. E. Sanborn
to D. E. Knight. G. H. Umbsen to Man
waring, J. P. Merrill to Ruef, Reeves to
Kinney, John Whicher to E. K. Taylor,
G. C. Earl to J. M. Mannon.
The following were recommended for
rejection: Brown to Walling, Reed to
Beckman, Dinwiddie to Meacham, Ayerto
Bowman, Chickering to Dimmick, P. J.
Barber to Taggart, Somers to Martin,
Hughes to Dare, Reese to Wood, Hocking
to Dennett, Reynolds to Gleaves, Craig to
Scipio Craig, Martin to Borland, Fairchild
to McClure.
On motion the report was divided, and
that part recommending the seating of
certain delegates was unanimously
adopted.
Then came up the question of the adop
tion of the latter portion of the commit
tee's report.
Judge Walling was given a hearing, and
after explaining that he was a delegate to
the State Convention he was admitted,
upon motion, to a seat as a State Commit
tee man.
Ross thereapon moved that wherever a
member of the State Convention held the
proxy of a State Central Committee mem
ber, the proxy should be accepted. This
was adopted, and, after it was amended to
cover also those holding proxies to the
State Convention, Beckman, Meacham,
Bowman, Dimraick, Taggart, "Wood and
Dennett were admit led to seats and Mar
tin, Dare, Gleaves, Craig, Borland and Me-
Clure were rejected.
When Martin asked to be seated as hold
ing a proxy for » member of the State
Scene in the Lobby of the Golden Eagle Hotel at Sacramento— Republican State Convention Delegates and Politicians Discussing the
Issues of the Hour— Most of Them Believe in Sending an Unpledged Delegation to St. Louis.
Central Committee, A. Ruef announced
tnat Martin held the proxy of a member
whose seat in the State Convention as a
delegate from the Fourth Congressional
delegation w»* |p t>c contested.
This at once opened the whole questions
of the recognition of the Soreckels or
Tesnlar delegates, or those who were
fraudulently and illegally selected by the
Kelly-Rainey combination. Chairman
Cornwall was equal to the situation, and
cleverly avoided the difficulties that
threatened the body by the following
brief address:
"This gentleman represents one of the
protesting delegates from the Fourth Con
gressional District. The executive body
of your committee has had a great deal of
trouble and labor over those two dele
gations. Both appear to be in the right on
some points, and both also appear to be in
the wrong on some others. The commit
tee finally decided to leave that whole
question to be decided by the convention
after it selects its temporary chairman
and he appoints the committee on ere
] dcntials.
"This credentials committee will take
testimony, and I understand there will be
a great deal of testimony presented, and
unless the State Central Committee wishes
to take up the matter it will go over for
the action of the State Convention.
•'My judgment is that to take it up here
would lead to strife and discord, and with
out there being any real necessity for such
a course. Therefore I think it would be
unwise to admit this proxy."
On motion the proxy was rejected.
Mr. Dare, who held the proxy for Super
visor E. C. Hughes of San Francisco, then
made his application for admission.
Attention was called to the fact that
Hughes' seat was also in question and
Chairman Cornwall, while Dare was
presenting his case to the committee,
called him to order, saying:
"I regret very much, Mr. Dare, to have
to call you to order, but according to the
ruling of the committee you are not a
member of it."
To this Mr. Dare, entirely unruffled in
temper and undisturbed in his pose,
promptly replied in sarcastic tones:
"1 know you regret it."
Then, after a brief pause, and speaking
deliberately and clearly, he continued :
"I don't believe it I know you enjoyed
calling me to order, because what I would
have said would have scorched your heart."
There followed a sibilant chorus of
hisses. Some one made a motion to ad-
jonrn; it was carried, and the committee
adjourned without time or place.
The action of the committee as a whole
is considered as being a decided setback to i
the whole Kelly-Rainey outfit.
It was expected that the committee
would lay out a programme for the State
Convention ; in fact, it was announced that
it would do so, but the utter collapse of the
session leaves the work of the convention
still a matter of conjecture, and it will
probably so continue until the committee
on order of business of the convention
makes its report.
DON QUIXOTE'S SOLDIERS.
They Are Limping on the Field and
Aoklngr to Be Takeu luto
tho Van.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4. — The
Kelly-Rainey delegates from the Fourth
Congressional District are here look
ing bluer than tho Sacramento skies.
They 'can't see their way clear to get into
the van, and are hovering around the out
skirts of politics for ail the world like the
three old crows which sat on a tree. One
of these old crows said unto his mate,
"Kelly, what will we have for hash to
ate?" and he was mournfully informed
tbat there was no old dead horse in the
convention fit for edible purposes, and
that he was afraid that their meal would
have to be of plain, unstimulating political
soup. All the spare time of Don Quixote
and his man Sancho Panza is taken up
with explaining how they came to be
knocked out at the end of their tilt with
the Fourth Congressional windmill. Just
like the master and man of that charming
romance, when Don Quixote Rainey
weeps in San Francisco Martin Kelly
thumps his breast and groans in Sacra
mento, while Senator Mahoney prays for
deliverance from the power of the evening.
And between the Kelly thumps and groans
there issue the words: "We are pure poli
ticians; we are the purest of the pure."
J. D. Spreckels made the following state
ment to-day with reference to the district
contest: "When the State Central Com
mittee adjourned its meeting in San Fran
cisco and started to leave the hall Jerry
Mahoney and A. Ruef remained on the
platform. As soon as they were alone,
Maiioney suggested that he and Ruef
organize, and as Ruef was willing they
proceeded to do so. Mahoney nominated
Ruef for chairman and Ruef nominated
Mahoney for secretary. As these two
were the only ones present, of course they
elected each other by acclamation.
"By virtue of this performance they
called a meeting for 10 o'clock that night
at the Baldwin Hotel, but, as they only
notified a select few, they did not get a
quorum until nearly midnight. The call
was for the members of the committee to
meet in the hotel parlors, but when they
got together they adjourned to Jerry
Mahoney 's room, where the meeting was
held. At this meeting six members were
actually present, four of whom were for
me. Those against me were Ruef and
Mahoney. By means of these votes and
three proxies, two of which were forged,
they adopted a resolution and elected a
Congressional committee, the vote being
5 to 4.
"Subsequently a meeting was regularly
held by the members of the State Central
Committee from the Fourth District, at
which meeting eight of the eleven commit
teemen were present. Of course, Ruef and
Mahoney were absent. At this meeting
the action taken in Mahoney's room in the
Baldwin Hotel was declared null and void
and absolutely repudiated, as it was shown
that several of the members had not been
notified ; and, further than this, Gustave
Melting, one of the committeetnen, ap
peared in person and stated that his proxy
had been used at that Mahoney meeting
without any authority from him. An
affidavit to the same effect was read from
Committeeman Martin.
"Mahoney claims tbat Martin was paid
for his affidavit, but this is absolutely false,
because I myself got that affidavit and
know that no inducements were held out
to Mr. Martin.
"The committee upon this, its regular
meeting, the Mahoney proceedings having
been declared irregular, organized by elect
ing a chairman and secretary, and then
voted to leave the matter of selecting dele
gates entirely with the county committees.
In accordance with this the county com
mittee decided to hold primaries, and at
these primaries delegates to the State
Convention were chosen, which Mahoney
pleases to call the Spreckels delegation.
"I feel that our delegation will be seated,
because I do not believe that the conven
tion will stand politics done in back
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
rooms at midnight by means of forced
proxies."
j At the conclusion of Mr. Spreckels' ex
j planation a« to why he thought hi? dele
gation should be soated he was asked if
ne and his delegation were for McKinley.
"As for myseif," he replied, "I will say
that I am not opposed to McKinley, nor
am I in favor of any candidate against
him. lam simply for California. What
I would like to see is such action taken by
the convention as will insure recognition
for California. lam opposed to a pledged
delegation, for the reason that by such
means we do not stand in a position to asK
any favors for ourselves. They are simply
a set of men sent to the National Conven
tion, with nothing to do but carry out our
instructions ana vote as they are told.
Were this otherwise we might be able to
accomplish something.
"I am not after ortice myself and desire
J nothing except that which is in common
I with the people of California."
A LOW TRICK.
The Opposition to Spreckels Starts an
Absurd Story That la Without
Foundation.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— One o!
the meanest and most unprincipled meas
ures adopted by the opposition to the can
didacy of John D. Spreckels as a delegate
at-large was the circulation of a story that
the gentleman named had stated that if
he was defeated in his aspiration he would
withdraw his influence from the campaign
entirely. This was evidently done to
create the idea that if not elected Mr.
Spreckels, in other words, would bolt the
party. During the forenoon the story was
being repeated in about the Golden Eagle
Hotel at frequent intervals.
W r hen Mr. Spreckels' attention was
called to it he exhibited deep indignation
and in most emphatic language denied
that be had ever made such a statement
and denounced its author as a deliberate
falsifier. He furthermore expressed his
fealty to the party in heartiest terms and
added that whatever the outcome of the
convention, its conclusion would find him
as good and as enthusiastic a Republican
as he ever was, or as any other man is or
could be.
While this story undenied might have
had some influence with the un
thinking and the "push," it could have
had no weight with the better class of
delegates, who are overwhelmingly in the
majority, for these recognize tbat Mr.
Spreckels' efforts in behalf of pure politics
in the Republican party have but com
menced and that a defeat of this kind at
this stage of his political career would
have aosolutely no effect on his attitude
toward the party whose interests he has so
closely at heart.
In fact, among the better posted dele
gates from the interior surprise is ex
pressed that any one with the past record
and present reputation of a man like
Martin Kelly should have the presump
tion to come before the State Convention
virtually as a contestant against a man
like Spreckels, and if the individual ex
pressions heard regarding the contests
from San Franojsco are any criterion the
Kelly Mahoney crowd might just as well
have saved themselves the expense of the
trip to the capital and all the work pre
liminary thereto. Mr. Spreckels' popu
larity and influence are hourly on the in
crease.
ALAMEDA PRIMARIES.
The Delegates Elected at Them Msk«
a Strong aud Persistent
Fight.
SACRAMENTO, Cal.. May 4.— Out of
the forty-seven primary delegates of Ala
meda County forty-five were on the scene
this morning and doing missionary work
in the endeavor to secure recognition from
the State Convention. There w&s a caucus2
called for 12:30 p. M., but the gathering for
unexplained reasons resolved itself into
an informal open meerine.
There was considerable discussion as to
the best means of obtaining the support of
a sufficient number of State Convention
delegates to insure victory. The proposi-
tion that meets with general approval was
to make the fight on legal as well as senti
mental grounds. In pursuance of the pol
icy to show that ths delegation selected by
the twelve Alameda State Central Com
mitteemen i 6 legal the following appeal
addressed particularly to the other mem
bers of the Third Congressional District
was freely circulated among the city and
country delegates:
Gentlemen: The delegates elected to repre
sent the Republicans of the county of Ala
meda in the Third Congressional Republican
Convention respectfully call your attention
to the following facts:
First— The calls of the National and State Re-
publican committees provide that delegates
to the different Congressional conventions
shall be "selected in the same manner as the
. nomination of a representative in Congress is
made iii such districts."
Second — It has always been the custom In
the county of Alamedu to elect delegates to
the Congressional Convention by open pri
maries. .
Third— The members of the State Central
Committee representing the Third Congres
sionalDlstrict refused to obey the directions
of the National and State Central committees,
and instead of calling primaries in the county
of Ala'meda, appointed delegates to the Con
gressional Convention.
Fourth— The Republicans of the county of
Alameda demanded that the State Committee
men from .this county should call primaries.
Their demand was refused. -
Fifth— The Republicans of Alameda County
then requested the County Committeemen to
call primaries. This request was refused.
Sixth— The Republican clubs of Alameda
then took the matter in hand and appointed
members to represent them In an executive
committee. This executive committee then
called primaries in strict conformity to the
ca'ls of the National and State committees.
The primaries were held and 2000 Republicans
voted at them. This vote is greater than that
cast at the Republican Congressional primaries
four years ago.
Seventh— The delegates elected at these
primaries met In convention and elected dele
gates to represent the Republicans of the
county of Alameda in the Third Congressional
Convention.
Eighth— These forty-seven delegates thus
chosen by the votes of 2000 Republicans of
Alameda County respectfully ask that you fa
vorably consider their request that you vote to
seat them in the Third Congressional Republi
can Convention; and in support of their re
quest they point to the fact that they represent
2000 Republican votes cast in open primaries.
They also call your attention to the following
words of Chairman Carter of the National Re
publican Committee:
"The -call for the National Convention re
quires that delegates from Congressional dis
, tricts shall be elected in the same manner as
candidates for Congress are nominated. If in
a given district the party candidate for Con
gress is nominated by committee then it would
be proper to elect delegates to the National
Convention in the same way; but in all cases
"where candidates for Congress are nominated
at primaries or by elected delegates in conven
tion assembled delegates to the National Con
vention should be elected in the same man
ner."
• Congressmen have always been selected in
. the Third Congressional District by. a delega
tion elected by primaries in Alameda County.
Believing that you are not in favor of dis
franchising the Republicans of Alameda
County and depriving them of the right to a
voice in the selection of the Republican nom
inee for President of the United States, we
appeal to you to aid the primary delegates
from this county in securing seats in the Third
Congressional District and State conventions.
And we further respectfully request that you
■ take no part in the proceedings of any conven
tion of the Third Congressional- District until
our delegation has been heard.
( E. A. yon Schmidt,
Chairman Alameda County Delegation.
■ Mcbkay Laidlaw, Secretary of Delegation.
Speaking of the stand taken by his dele
gation-, Chairman E. A. yon Schmidt said
to : day:
"Within Alameda County we have a
. vast preponderance of the Republican
voter 3 with us. This is a revolt against
the Napoleonic methods of the State Com
mitteemen who have repeatedly, and, as
we consider, without authority, constitu
ted themselves a Congressional Committee.
There are twelve of these cominitteemen,
and the regular Congressional Committee
should consist of but seven; yet these
men have undertaken to consolidate their
twelve personalities, so to say, into seven,
a most absurd and untenable position.
"In addition to the legal phase of the
situation, we believe we have strong senti
mental grounds on which to appeal to the
convention and the people. We believe
in the principles of Lincoln, . that the
nearer you come to the people the better
you are able to represent them honestly
' and truly, and we claim to be the real
representatives of the Republicans of
Alameda County, our delegation having
been either chosen at the primaries or
selected on the petition of the voters in
districts where the short notice we were
forced to be contented with did not allow
of primaries being held. Buch selections
were made by the duly elected primary
delegates.
"To show how broad-minded the delega
tion is, I just want to call your attention
to the fact that we received a petition
from the voters of Dublin, in the Forty
sixth Assembly District, asking the selec
tion of Fallon, the delegate already ap
pointed by the State Committeemen, and
we at once made the selection."
Shortly after it became known to the
delegates of Alameda County appointed
by tne State Central Committee that the
primary delegates had issued an appeal
they issued a circular as a counter move,
giving what they designate the findings of
the Third Congressional District com
mittee relating to contests in Alameda
County. It is as follows:
Whereas, Under the call for State and dis
trict con ven to elect delegates to the
National Republican Convention, to be held
in June, 1896, this Republican Third Con
gressional Committee was directed to hear
and determine contests arising in said dis
trict and certify the matters relating thereto
to the secretary of the State Central Com
mittee ;
Therefore this committee certifies that pro
tests were made against seating the delegates
from Alameda County, excepting those from
the Fiftieth Assembly District; that a full and
fair opportunity to present the case was ten
dered to and accepted by representatives of
the contestants; tnat this committee took and
considered evidence, documentary and oral,
and as a result of the Investigation finds the
following facts:
First— That this committee has been the
Congressional committee in and for this dis
trict ever since the last convention, and that
no other organization has claimed authority
' or attempted to act as such committee.
Second— under the State call ••the selec
tion of delegates to the Congressional conven
tions shall be under the direction of the Con
gressional committee." '
Third— That it is untrue that the custom in
Alameda County always has been to elect dele
gates directly to the Congressional conven
tions by open primaries; that even the con
testing- delegation was appointed by commit
tees :of an alleged convention and not elected
at open primaries.
Fourtn— That it is untrue, as alleged, that
this committee refused or failed to obey the
National or State calls in the matter of select
ing delegates. . ,
Fifth— That it \ is ■ untrue that either the Na
tional or State calls required delegates to be
elected at primaries. .
■ Sixth— the statement that the Repub
licans of AHmiwlft CoiuUr demanded primaries
if false; that it is true that a few Republicans
demanded primaries.
Seventh— That It is true that the Alameda
Republican County Committee refused to call
primaries.
Eighth— That it is false that the Republican
clubs of Alameda County authorized an execu
tive committee to call primaries. Only a few
clubs participated, and in one of these clubs
the voting test was changed so as to exclude
the clause "and intend to support the nomi
nees of the Republican pariy"; that the per
sons conducting the alleged primaries in Ala
meda County did not officially represent the
Republican party; that none of the State,
county or district officials of said party assisted
in calling said "primaries' or participated in
said "convention."
Ninth— That the statement that 2000 votes
were cast at said "primaries" is absolutely
false.
Tenth— That in Washington, Murray and Eaen
townships of said county, except at San Lean
dro precinct, no ''primaries" were held and no
votes were cast. Nevertheless many of the
contestants claim admission to the convention
as "sleeted" delegates from these large dis
tricts.
Eleventh— That in one polling place doors
were barred, curtains drawn and the public
excluded while the "officers of election" were
engaged in counting the ballots.
Twelfth— That at no precinct in said county
was more than one set of delegates voted for.
And as conclusions from the facts found this
committee determines:
First — That there ha 6 been no logal primary
or convention held in Alameda County, and
that the delegates claiming to Lave been
chosen by convention are not entitled to cre
dentials and their contest should be and is
overruled.
Second— That the delegates certified to this
committee by the respective and regular
representatives of the Republican party are
eutitled to credentials, and tbe chairman and
secretary of this committee are directed to
issue certificates of election accordingly.
Adopted unanimously by the committee
May 2, 1890. E. K. Taylor,
Chairman of Third Congressional District Com
mittee.
Chairman Taylor, who by the way is
chairman of the delegation appointed by
the committee as well as chairman of the
Third Congressional District Committee,
stated to-night that there would be a
Congressional district convention to
morrow morning, and that as his delega
tion had a majority of the delegates from
the district it would undoubtedly be recog
nized by the Congressional convention.
He claimed thirty-eight delegates in
Alameda County and sixteen from other
counties in the district, giving him fifty
four votes out of the eighty-three in the
district. Tnis, however, will not settle the
fight, which will be carried to the State
Convention.
HAS ALL TO GAIN.
California Can Demand Recognition If j
Her Delegates' Hands Are Not
Shackled.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— Far and
beyond any other question, that of a
pledged or unpledged— or, as some prefer
to call it, a committal to one or another
— instructed or uninstructed del
egation to the National Convention is the
paramount issue; and with the approach
of the time when the momentous question
is to be decided the interest increases, and
the day was largely devoted to the making
of combinations looking to the control of
those who have come untrammeled to the
capital.
There is no concealing the fact that a
number of delegations have come pledged
or instructed for Ohio's favorite son, but
even such strong delegations as those from
the entire Seventh Congressional District,
comprising the twelve counties in the
extreme southern portion of the State and
numbering fifty members, and the sixty
three members of the Los Angeles delega
tion, all oi whom are committed to Mc-
Klnley, declare that they are in a position
to be able to change front whenever any
thing is to be apparently gained by such a
*nove.
All this is simply to show that, despite
all the display and bluster of those advo
cating an iron-bound delegation for a
certain man. their cause id not nearly so
promising of victory as they would have
the uninitiated believe. The more the
matter is considered the more is realized
the folly of handicapping California's
representatives to the St. Louis conven
tion by a pledge. How great this un
wisdom would be is shown by taking an
intelligent survey of the situation.
From reliable sources it is learned that
assurances have been very recently re
ceived in this city that McKinley's man
agers have declared that his nomination,
if made, would not in any degree depend
upon the rote or influence of the delega
tion from tne Golden State and that, in
consequence, California, even should she
declare for him and instruct or even
pledge her delegates to his cause, need not
look for any place in the political family
of the Ohioan, or even for any favors of
great value. What, therefore, is to be
gained by tying hard and fast to any par
ticular candidate? is the conundrum that
is being submitted to the McKinley boom
ers, and even the most rabid are non
plused.
On the other hand, California has abso
lutely nothing to lose, it is claimed, by
sending an unpledged delegation, while by
so doing it stands a most excellent chance
for Cabinet recognition should the men it
sends to St. Louis be in a position to lend
their strength to bring success to any can
didate. The missionary work that is being
done on these lines is having a good effect,
and the McKinley badges are now much
more in evidence on the lapels of the Mc-
Kinley advocates who are not delegates
than on those who will have voice and
vote in the State Convention.
The cause of the advocates of an un
pledged delegation may be expected to
make great headway between now and the
time the convention is called to order.
THE FUNDING BILL.
Some Observations on the Subject
Are Being Made by Convention
Delegates.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.—Resolu
tions fresh from the great Ban Joaquin
Valley against the funding of the Pacific
railroads debts will be introduced in the
convention. Some of the propositions
favor toreclosure, Government ownership
and Government operation.
It is almost a sure thing, they say, that
the anti-funding declaration of the Fresno
convention will get the support of 200 del
egates from the valley and the region of
country south.
Delegates and onlookers, who have worn
the railroad collar-button in days agone,
and are yet loyal (in secret) to the octopus',
hope that Gage will not attempt to push
them to the front in the vain endeavor to
defeat anti-funding resolutions.
Whether Gage will intervene cannot be
ascertained to-night. It is put this way:
That Huntington holds him responsible
to prevent any demonstrations in Califor
nia against the funding bill — that is to say,
any demonstration which takes the form
of immediate expression of the popular
will. An old-timer, whose railroad collar
has never chafed him to distress, said to
ni-ht:
"Gage ought to be satisfied with the
adoption of moderate anti-funding resolu
tions. If something is presented which
does not propose to confiscate the road
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
outright. Gage should let it go, and not
push his friends into a disagreeable con
test."
Obviously the old guard of the railroad,
which has done duty so nobly in the Leg
islatures and State Conventions of the past
twenty years, does not want to be paraded
in the open.
Gage's arrival did not cause the commo
tion which used to be the signal of his
coming. He was not unobserved, and
neither was he conspicuous. The ingenu
ous delegates inquired, "What does he
want?" The old guard whispered, "Was
it wise for him to come?"
Dr. Rowell of Fresno has an inside
pocket in his coat. In that pocket reposes,
to it is believed, an identical copy of the
Fresno platform. Other delegates are
said to be loaded with resolutions against
Huntington's pet scheme.
It is acknowledged that Gage, by admir
able "tact, patience and a deal of gentle
persuasiveness in his personality, has
pulled the railroad out of many trying
positions. The task before him now will,
it is said, require all of his skill and cun
ning. By noon to-morrow he may decide
to let things take their course without in
tervention. It all depends on what his
lieutenants advise. Up to midnight Gage
had sent for fifty people.
His Headquarters are at the depot. Some
of the delegates wvnt to see him.
The Harbor Commission is represented
at the Golden Eagle by Colonel Chad
bourne, Dan Cole end ex-Commisdioner
Bassett. Harry Gray is traveling with
Chadbourne. Commodore Cornelius O'Con
nor is on the ground with a budget of
Grand Jury secrets.
FOR EQUAL SUFFRAGE.
The Fair Delegation at Sacramento
Confident of Success In the
Convention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— One of
the most unique situations probably ever
seen at a political convention is
that presented by the presence of
the woman delegates representing the
the Woman's Suffrage movement. While
they have taken the trouble to come
to Sacramento, they nevertheless are play
ing the part of the mountain, while the
regular delegates to the State Convention
are so many Mohammeds; and the moun
tain in this case is not expected to, nor
does it, go to Mohammed.
Scarcely did they put up their placard
in the lobby of toe Golden Eagle, staling
their headquarters were in parlors C, 1*
and E on toe third floor, than they began
to be visited by the gentlemen delegates.
They went in twos and threes, in large
groups, and sometimes entire delegations
went to pay homage to their more modest
workers and to apparently beg the privi
lege of serving them. Large numbers of
Sacramento ladies identified with the
cause of Woman Suffrage also visited the
Woman's Suffrage headquarters and left
many a choice collection of Sacramento's
magnificent roses and other flowers as a
token of their good wishes.
The last of the delegation arrived to
night. Its complete personnel is as fol
lows: Mrs. A. A. Sargent of San Francis
co, president of tne California Woman's
Suffrage Association ; Mrs, Austin Sperry
of San .Francisco, treasurer of the organi
zation ; Mrs. Knox-Goodrich of Ban Jose,
one of its board of directors; Miss Susan
B. Anthony, president of the National
Association; Rev. 'Anna Shaw; Mrs. Mary
Hay, National organizer: Mrs. Ida A.
Harper of Oakland, chairman of the press
committee of the State association.
Mrs. Harper and, in fact, all the women
present in the headquarters when they
were visited by a Call representative,
beamed with pleasure and satisfaction
over the prospects of their cause as indi
cated by their experience here to-day. On
this subject Mrs. Harper said:
"This is not by any means our first ef
fort on the material that is to comprise
the Republican State Convention. For a
number of weeks we have been interview
ing delegates and we are much encour
aged. We have also been working up
sentiment by means of petitions. We
sent out 600 petition-books all over Cali
fornia, and 200 of these, or one-third, nave
come back. Four hundred are yet out.
These were all sent out in March, and the
200 that have been returned contain over
20,000 signatures, half of these by men
and half by women, all over 21 years of
age, who ask for the adoption of woman
suffrage in California. There are yet two
thirds of tne books to be heard from, and
we shall be disappointed if we do not ob
tain in all more than 100,000 votes. It
must further be remembered that most of
this work was done before there was any
great agitation on the question in this
State, and was done by volunteers with
out compensation.
"This monster petition will be pre
sented to the State Convention as a partial
basis for our claim to a plank on woman
suffrage in its platform. Miss Anna Shaw
will present our case to the committee on
platform and we have every reason to hope
that she will be successful. We have
adopted The Call's editorial suggestion
as to what the plank will be, and shall ask
for its incorporation in the platform. It
is as follows (reading from The Call's
columns):
Resolved, That this convention heartily In
dorses the proposed eleventh amendment to
the State constitution of California to extend
the suffrage to women on equal terms with men.
"We are passing our time in part in
mailing copies of Sunday's Call to all
parts of the State and the Union to those
most prominent in our cause. You. can't
say too much for us in praise of The Call's
noble stand. Our work is being done very
quietly and we avoid all obnoxious
methods. We have met with no active or
organized opposition to our cause, and, on
the contrary, have met only with respect
ful consideration en every side. This
makes us so hopeful of ultimate success.
"Of course we know that this is only
preliminary to the real success of the cause,
which must, after all, be decided by the
votes of the people at large at the coming
election. But success at this point means
much to us.
"We are counseling with the prominent
men of the convention and are careful to
take no sides on any of the other issues to
coma up before the main body. Miss
Anthony is more than ordinarily anxious
to have us win woman suffrage in Cali
fornia, as she considers California a very
important State to win, and this is the
last State campaign in which she will take
active part. Her efforts in the cause here
after will be confined entirely to National
matters."
SEEN IN THE LOBBIES.
Well-Known Republican* Who Arrived
Kurly for the State Con
vention.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— The dele
gations from the interior began to make
themselves felt this morning in tne way
of arrivals and enthusiasm. The Los An
geles boomers were early on the ground
and made the air hum in the lobbies of
the Golden Eagle. For delegate at large
they were divided between Lionel A. Shel
don of Los Angeles and U. S. Grant Jr. of
San Diego, witu Sheldon thus far ia the
lead. Young Grant is a chip of the old
block, say the San Diegans, and would be
quite a boom for Southern California
should he be sent to the St. Louis conven
tion. For delegate from the Sixth Con
gressional District. Hervey Lindley ap
pears to be the favorite. He is a Republi
can warborse of long standing, and has
been to the front in every political battle
of note that has been fought these many
years gone by.
Lindley will be remembered as bavins
been in the triangular contest for Congress
several years ago in the Congressional
Convention at Fresno, Dr. Chester A.
Rowell of Fresno ana Bowers of San
Diego being his opponents. Tne Rowell
delegation were pledged, and although,
after the first day's balloting.it was con
ceded that he did not have the Banquo's
ghost of a show to win, his loyal hench
men tied with the pledge could not do
anything to help Lindley. Had they
thrown their votes to him they would
have given him the nomination and he
would have been thus placed under
weighty obligations to Fresno County.
But the deadlock was so bard and fast
that an adjournment was had to Ventura
by the sea, and having thus got close
to salt water, Bowers won over some of
tho Lindley men and gave the Rowell
men a mess of jackrabbit soup.
• The favored candidate from,the Seventh
District is H. H. Sinclair.
The contesting delegations from Ala
meda arrived this morning ana opened
headquarters in the second story of the
Golden Eagle Hotel, the offspring of the
primary election selecting quarters to the
west, while the creation of the County
Committee engaged two large rooms to tbe
east, where Eli Denison caused a long
dining table to be spread with a snowy
white cloth preparatory to keeping open
bouse.
The lobbies of the hotel are jammed this
afternoon with well-known politicians
from all parts of the State. The white
mustache of Senator Carpenter seems to
be omnipresent. Next to County Clerk
Curry of San Francisco, who towers a head
above the crowd, he appears to be the
busiest man on the floor.
Samuel M. Shortridge is one of the
hardest workers in the lobbies. Every
body knows him, and he knows every
body, which is a highly advantageous
thing in politics. His imperturbable good
nature, and his courtliness of manner nave
made him hosts of friends.
Colonel Otis and Ed J. Niles of Los An
geles are holding up the reputation of the
orange belt for activity and astuteness.
Sacramento County is well represented
by District Attoftiey Frank P. Ryan and
ex-District Attorney Charles T. Jones. Mr.
Ryan's friends ara pushing him for the
secretaryship of the convention. He is a
Native Son and has hosts of friends. Mr.
Jones was spoken of early in the fight for
the chairmanship, but this afternoon he
was out of sight in the whirlpool caused
by the introduction of Frank Coombs of
Napa, and W. E. Arthur of Pasadena, for
chairman, Coombs representing the politi
cal aspirations of the northern part of the
State, and Arthur the boom and push of
the orange belted south.
THE PUSH ON THE RAIL.
Steve Gage Neglected to Supply the
Travelers With Free
Tickets.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 4.— "Some
one has throwed us down," remarked one
of the "push" to-day at the San Franrisco
ferry ticket office. He was obliged to put
up hard coin for a ticket to Sacramento.
There were others waving the same signal
of distress. Even Tom O'Brien, tbe clerk
pi Judge Campbell's Police Court, had to
pungle up. To fit a new, sleek tile, Mr.
O'Brien put up $2 50 for a white ticket,
but many cf his followers bought yellow
ones for $1 25 each.
"Uncle" Stephen Gage was not seen at
the ferry nor on the boat. After the train
passed Sixteenth street, Oakland, en route
to Sacramento, Gage passed leisurely
through the cars. The "push" muttered
curses. They had expected the neat little
tickets not much bigger than a special de
livery stamp, which used to be distributed
at State conventions and the Legislature
with a liberality that softened the hard
features of the octopus.
When the O'Brien was reproached for
not seeing to the providing of transporta
tion, he told tbe "push" that even Master
Kelly had to buy a ticket. This is 3urely
a bad year for statesmen in California !
There is quite a Republican reunion in
Sacramento to-night. Many of the South
ern California pioneers of 1889 are here.
Political topics do not engage their entire
attention. They switch off from tariff to
tell of the wonders of the south land.
Ex-Congressman James A. Louttit of
San Joaquin is making a picturesque sin
gle-banded tight for delegate-at-large.
Colonel Bob Murray met tbe incoming
train from San Francisco and began boom
ing the ex-Congressman. Louttit said to
night that he had already changed a com
bination in Alameda County, nnd Carotti
ers of Mendocino was trying to get some
points on a system to effect changes in a
combine.
L. E. Mosher of Los Angeles, poet, pub
lisher and partner of Colonel Otis, is going
to St. Louis. The colonel is also going
unpledged, but neither expects to go as a
delegate. They are simply going as "look
ers-on in Venus," as "Jim" Lane used to
say.
There have been some changes around
the Capitol since the Legislature was in
session. Martin Kelly, who used to stand
at the door of a Democratic Governor
awaiting reward for throwing down Estee,
is now standing at the door of the Repub
lican State Central Committee.
Frank Powers, who would to Congress
go from the Fifth District, is sure he could
win if the delegates would begin voting
now for a candidate.
NATIONAL LEAGUE.
A Movement That Will Flay an Import-
ant Part In Politics During the
Coming Campaign.
SACRAMENTO, Cai... May 4.— Arthur
W. Kinney of Los Angeles is attending the
State Convention and to-day gave his
views to a Call representative on club or
ganization in this State:
"Under the constitution adopted Decem
ber 15, 1887, tbe National Republican
League consists of the State and Terri
torial leagues, which are admitted by
anopting its constitution. Its objects are
to encourage and assist in the formation
of permanent Republican clubs and Suite
leagues, to unite such clubs and leagues
for effective and organized work, and gen
erally to advance the principles of the Re
publican party.
"The national convention of the league,
which will be held at Milwaukee on Aug
ust 25-27, will be composed of two dele
gates-at-large from each State organiza
tion in the league, and of two delegates
from each Congressional district in which
there shall be one or more permanent Re
publican clubs, together with the presi
dent and secretary of each State league.
"California is such a large State that the
task of maintaining a league in every dis
trict is one of great magnitude. However,
our Slate must be represented at the Mil
waukee convention and in such localities
where it is impracticable to elect the dele
gates they will be appointed.
"Clubs are a political necessity for they
do a vast amount in crystallizing public
sentiment into principles. They are the
centers of exchange and political educa
tion. Their services when disinterested
are most patriotic and praiseworthy. They
are ♦ha great preventive of party factions
and the bane of the bosses. Through
clubs the people of our State may become
thoroughly educated on all political ques
tions. The lamented Blame was a great
believer in a harmony of ideas within the
party lines when he said : 'If parties would
aim to discover and define those subjects
on wliicH there is a vital difference of
opinion and would confine discussion to
those issues it would not only simplify the
contest and be a welcome relief to the can
didates, but would alao greatly help la
arriving at the truth, which is the ulti
mate object of all popular discussion and
popular election. 1
"The California League proposes to or
ganize clubs which will push the best
material in the party to the front. It will
encourage locai speakers and provide
means for the dissemination of their
speeches; it will distribute newspapers
and advocate a more profound discussion
of the real issues. We desire concerted
action ah along the line. A vigorous
political interest should be kept up, es
peciaily among the young men. There
should be a conference in the clubs on
every national question, for the questions
of to-day are far reaching in their import
ance, and the Republicans of this Btate
should see to it that they are thoroughly
ventilated. This can be best brought
about by a systematic organization of
league clubs."
ALL FOR BOWERS.
Seventh District Republican* Nominate
the Congressman by Acclama
tion.
MODESTO. Cal., May 4.— The Republi
can Seventh Congressional District Con
vention was called to order at 9A. M. to
day by J. W. Thompson, chairman of the
committee. Judge G. A. Norse of Fresno
and A. G. Gunn of Riverside «rere selected
temporary and permanent chairman and
secretary.
The resolutions instruct the delegates
for McKinley. oppose the use of public
money for sectarian purposes and favor
much more stringent laws in relation to
foreign immigration.
W. W. Bowers of San Diego was nomi
nated for Congress, and Hon. Thomas
Flint of San Benito for Presidential
Elector.
H. H. Sinclair of Ban Bernardino and F.
H. Short of Fresno for delegates to the
National Convention at St. .Louis were
elected by acclamation. C. H. Cary of
Merced, W. H. McKillrick of Kern "and
Frank Miller of Riverside were nominated
for alternate delegates, and McKillrick
and Miller were elected.
A Republican Congressional Committee
was appointed as follows: Fresno, G. Wr
Jones; Kern, R. C. Dale; Kings, J. O.
Hickraan; Madera. G. T. Parsons; Mer
ced, Thomas Harris; Orange, Samuel Or
man; Riverside, G. W. Freeman; San
Benito, H. W. Scott ; San Bernardino, W.
S. Hubbard; San Dieeo, J. W. Thompson;
Stanislaus, J. C. Needham; Tulare, A. J.
Pillsbury.
The delegates left on the noon train for
tbe State Convention at Sacramento.
STRUGGLE FOR THE SEATS
Women Delegates Have Able
Champions at the Metho
dist Conference.
All the Argnments as to Their Ad
m ssion Will S)on Be Con*
eluded.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 4.— Bishop
Merrill of Chicago called the Methodist
General Conference to order and the morn
ing devotional exercises were led by the
Rev. Dr. Jesse L. Hurlburt, secretary of
the Sunday-school Union.
Tbe Rev. Dr. Muller of Cleveland at
tempted to read a series of resolutions on
the subject of war and arbitration, but was
prevented by the chair, who ruled him out
of order.
The Rev. Dr. Henry A. Buchtel of In
dianapolis created a great deal of laughter
by moving that the Bishop's address be
read in every Methodist pulpit. The mo
tion was amended by some wag, who
wanted Bishop Warren to read it in every
Methodist pulpit in the land.
The rules were suspended and Dr. Mul
ler was allowed to read his resolution on
arbitration. The resolution deplored war
and asked tbe United States to help along
the cause of arbitration.
After some wrangling the resolution was
adopted. The report of tbe committee on
eligibility bad not been read at noon.
Bishop Merrill announced that the order
of the day was (he report of tbe commit
tee on eligibility. The secretary read the
majority report, which declared that
women had a constitutional right to mem
bership in the conference.
Rev. Dr. A. G. Kynett, who is leading
the fight for the women, made a speech in
favor of the adoption of tue report. It
was a historical account of the question,
and was a masterful presentation of the
women's side of tbe question.
The Rev. Dr. Neely of Philadelphia read
th« minority report. It said that the
minority had carefully inquired into the
question, and found that the women pos
sessed no rights in the conference what
ever.
Dr. Neely made a fervid speech in favor
of the minority report. His chief point
was that women could only be admitted
by a change in the constitution.
"That could only be done," he said, "by
a three-quarter vote of the members of the
annual conference and the approval of the
General Conference."
Dr. Neely moved to substitute the mi
nority for the majority report. This was
lost. Other vigorous speeches fer and
against women were made.
The discussion continued at length, and
was heated at times. Finally, on motion
of the Rev. Dr. Leonard of Cincinnati, the
further debate on the woman question was
postponed until 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning. At that time Rev. Dr. Steven
son of Kentucky will have the floor.
Dr. W. A. Kneighton of California made
a bit in his opening sentence. He ad
dressed the conference as "Mr. President,
brethren and sisters," and was greeted
with prolonged cheers.
He held that the conference had a right
to pass upon the eligibility of women, as
it was a mtitter of law. and the conference
is the supreme court of the church.
Dr. Forbes of Minnesota and Dr. Gray
of Pennsylvania were the last, to address
the conference upon the subject, they
speaking for the minority report. Dr.
Stepnenson of Kentucky will open the
debate on the question to-morrow morn
ing. Very little outside of the debate was
done.
At the speci.il evening session for the
reception of fraternal delegates, Rev. John
J. Lewis of New Zealand, the representa
tive of the Australian Wesleyan Confer
ence, traced the growth of Methodism in
that part of the world, and Rev. Dr. J. C.
Morris of Nashville discussed tbe growth
an: umim- T"" '< c . . i > » « i
and work of the . Southern church. The
session then adjourned. i*>^^__i -
- . ' .'. —^ ♦ ->t'~ :-;:■■ "— — ►««
THE RELIEF OF MACEO.
General Gomez Making Forced Marches
to Meet the Spanish
Forces.
NEW YORK. N. V.', May 2.— A special
from Havana says General Gomez's forced
marches are bringing him rapidly forward
to the relief of General Maceo. Gomez
shouid reach Maceo in ten days. Battles
will then be foueht that will either free
Maceo or compel the Cuban forces to con
tinue the policy they have followed since
the beginning of the war. Gomez has
completed the devastation in the country.
There is scarcely a house, residence, null
or TT Ul ir linK of ailv kina 'eft standing.
HAVANA. Cuba, May 4.-Colonel Es
truch has had an engagement with a force
of 1500 rebels having two h^avy cannon,
near Mayajigua, Remedies, defeating the
enemy and causing them to retreat, leav
ing twenty -three dead on the field. The
troops lost two killed and fifteen wounded.
Basilico Lasa was shot in the Cabana
fortress this morning for the crime of re
bellion. He was a member of the Delgado
party. He was. not killed at the first fire,
and it was necessary to give him a mercy
shot.
MADRID, Spain, May 4.— Ex-Prime
Minister Sagasta has announced his inten
tion to urge the Cuban reforms in the
Chamber of Deputies.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 4.—Wood
man (D.) of Illinois introduced in the
House to-day a resolution requesting the
President to immediately issue a proclama
tion recognizing the Cuban revolutionists
as belligerents.
A preamble to the resolution says that
the situation in the unhappy island of
Cuba is becoming a stench in the nostrils
of Christendom; the murders, the out
rages, the barbarities and horrors com
mitted by the Spanish in Cuba are so no
torious that civilization itself stands ap
palled.
PEARL BREAN'S MUNDER.
Some Interesting Testimony at the Trial
of Jackson.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 4.— The most
interesting testimony in the Jackson trial
at Newport to-day was that given by Wil
liam R. Truste of Urbana, 111., formerJy a
brakeman on the Cincinnati Southern.
Railway.
Witness said he was in Cincinnati Janu
ary 31 and met a woman on Sixth street
that night. They walked together to a
house on George street near Plum.
"Near the house, standing on the cor
ner," said the witness, "was a man with
an umbrella hoisted. He followed up to
the house. While standing at the front
door a cab drove up. The woman
went into tbe house and soon returned
saying: 'Everything is all right. 1 The
cabdriver and the man who was standing
under the umbrella went insido the house
and brought out the dead body of a woman
and put it in the cab.
"I mounted the driver's seat and drove
over the Newport bridge as directed by
the man with the umbrella, who was
called 'doctor.* I drove slowly over the
bridge and met the doctor here in New
port. He drove tue rU a square east and
then went out into the country.
"We passed a cemetery and also a lonp
black house that stood near the road.
Then we came to a spot where the doctor
stopped. We took the body out of the caD.
The doctor put it on his shoulder and
climbed over the fence. Then I drove
back to Newport I turned the cab over
to the driver, whom I saw bring it to the
house on George street, in Cincinnati."
The woman who took him up Plum
street was named Baker. He met her in
Somerset, Ky., five years ago.
To combat this testimony the prosecu
tion presented letters from William Trnste,
father of the witness, claiming that the
story was all false, ana offering to prove
tnat it had been concocted by Detective
John Seward, who nad been employed for
that purpose.
Several witnesses were introduced, show
ing that Jackson had not studied anatomy
and dissection.
Greencastle depositions were then intro
duced which testified as to Will Wood's
moral character. All agreed that it was
bad.
An Anarchist Plot.
LONDON, E?*e., May 4.— A dispatch re
ceived from Naples by tbe News Agency
says that an anarchist plot to murder
King Humbert has been discovered there,
and that a number of arrests in connection
therewith have been made.
NEW TO-DAT.
Carnival
of
Colors
Fitly describes the appearance of our
varied hue of Outing Shirts. Their com-
fort cannot be described — it must be expe-
rienced to be known. *
Buy one and see what a true joy it is to
wear a STANDARD Outing Shirt. Go
by this:
• ■
j TRADE. I
N.B.
I MARK J
. .',", ■-'.'.;'_' '__ NEW TO-DAY^ w^^_ r^ J^^.,^
♦"IMIIIMMIIMIIMMIIIIII It »»^«4»4»4t ♦»«*■>♦ <<«♦«>«»»«<
X OFFICE OF . ; A '.T;>
t BLACKWELL'S DURHAM TOBACCO COMPANY.
too ■ ■ ■ Durham, N. C.
T__ A ! .1 . You "are entitled to # receive
I n H I V< > v * r « envied tO . r « ce , Jvo
JLU AXLMjIA rppr from your wholesale dealer,
fit* ift&ig WHITE STAR SOAP with all
the
M ft a mU BlackwelTs Genuine
lflOrGHaliy_ Durham Smoking
WMW " f W TobaCCO you buy. One bar
8881 1^ iis of soap Free with each pound,
1 1 1 aa» Tl 1 1 whether 16 oz., 8 oz., 4 oz., or
111/nfi H fit 91 a oz.. packages.
Iff UU _L Lv UUlll We have notified every whole-
ill ■"* ■IftPII M | e dealer in the United States
that we will supply them with soap
f&£|fi& B &3^#& togiveyou FREE. Orderagood
■Pli U S nnn *»?*& of QENCINE DURHAM at
lUDAUuU. once, and insist on getting your
Ja frf JsJlilaslffJLin soap. One bar of Soap pprr with
■. v ■;.■■ www " • each pound s yoa buy. Soap Is
offered for a limited time, so order
to-day. Yours very truly,
A BLACKWELL'S DURHAM
;: TOBACCO COMPANY. .- .
t«««Mi«ii> If mou bar* any difficulty In procuring your - -• ' ittittm
1 soap, cttt oot this notice mad Mod it with """«"
your order to your wholc**lo dealer*
.THEJCINQ
HUDYAN.
SORE SPOTS j\ :j-
If your body is partially covered with,. •
sores which itch badly, or whica run con- •
tinually, or are hard to heal; or if your
hair is beginning to fall out; if your teetji":
are loose or are loosening, you may be as-
sured that your blood is in" a very impure
state. These symptoms frequently follow
the contraction of diseases of a private ha- . '
ture, and they may be due too to a parent *
or nurse who had some affliction. "HUl>- "
VAN" the KING cures all these ailments
promptly and permanently. It is a purely
vegetable compound, but strong and ce> ■
tain in its | action. It was discovered by",
the physicians of the great and grand ;'
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Stockton, Market and Kilts Sta.,
San Francisco. ~"*~
The famous establishment where all cur- '.
able diseases are cured quickly and surely.
WEAK KNEES. |
If you have been foolish enouch to give '
way to temptation in your youth and ydu ,
are beginning to feel the effects now,
either by having lost your manhood or
perhaps through nightly emissipns, which
will soon bring on this dread disease, you <
must lose no time in seeking complete
restoration of your vital powers. If you
I would become "every inch a man" again,
I nothing equals "HUDYAN,'' the KING-
!of all specifics. It will restore your vital-
ity, bring back your strength, will power
and energy. It makes weak men strong
and nervous men full of confidence, life "
and action... It can only be obtained,
though, from those eminent specialists,
the world-renowned doctors of the .-.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Ellis St»., .' -
San Francisco. ■ ;;'
The great and grand establishment wher«
hope and life are extended to all sufferers. ■'
Most forms of kidney and liver diseases,
»s well as blood diseases, pass away
rapidly when "HUD YAN" is used. Writ*
for free ?••
"Blood Book,"
"All About the Liver," . "*
And
"A Knowledge of the Kidneys.** ' '
And you can also get for the asking cir- ■
culars and testimonials of ; ." .".|
HUDYAN
THE king:
WEAK MEN
CURED AS IF BY MAGIC.
Victims of Lost Manhood should send at
/rvfjar once for a book
jjElly that explains how
/*^\jfr\ full manly vigor
I*, -ott-S^k * 8 ea Bl1 sr»5 r » quickly
3 Vj. _7pC , 3J\ and permanently
*Qgt .*_v.tfff n) restore!. No man -
/f^^SrT&rFtjrAß suffering from
/ / . nxJy/ Wyit weakness can af-
-1/^iSr/W ford to ignore this
Ik. s^ta ti/?Jn timely advice.
SSZ&( <A ~'ILJ_»AGV Book tells how
*-~" v -'^^^^^^full strength, de-
velopment and tone are imparted to every
portion of. the body. Sent with positive
proofs (sealed) free to any man on application.
ERIE MEDICAL OO.,BUFFALO,N.Y.
DR-PIERCE'Si
>*»rft_flrltft| if s TWO CURED WITH
J^Sjg|||ji^ ONE BELT. ;
fesTf^^^^^fi SEATTLE, Wash., "
■»?r>i^_&-^r-?B October 19. 189?.
J^'W^^TMS^ I>r. PUrce-Hv.xv. Bin:
Home time a o I bought
r VM(ii :Xc\JwMCK one of your Electric Belts
l" -cfCrf 1 " for Lame Back, caused by
;-__^J • trouble with my kidneys,
W and in three days' time
the pain disappeared and has not, troubled me
sincei Your Belt almost performed a miracle in
caring my complaint, for it was so bad before I .
wore the Belt that I was laid up In the hospital *
and could not wo-.lc. - • .
After your Belt cured me I lent It to a friend,
and the tame Belt that cured me cured,
himiilgo. I have recommended your Belt 10
every one 1 could hear of who was sick, and shall
continue to do so hereafter, for It Is certainly a
great invention. Yours truly,
* FRANCIS VICTOR WILBER.
J93" For price list and full particulars of OR.
PIh.RCK'S wonderful Belts, call or write for free
"PamoulPt No. 2." „
AdJress— Dli, riEKUE & 704 Sac-
ramento street (cor. ivearny), 2d, 3d and it-
floors, BAN FRANCISCO.
»
IRON BEDS, *
_■« ■ t __» BRASS BEDS.
?* """ T^'- FOLDING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, ltecllnla;
, r^, , : Chairs, Wheel Chair*,
"I" \\ U Commodes, Back Resu
I fttftyHf W. A. SCHROCK,
fU44J V till 111 21
IAfTSZ: J —Ui±U± m Now Montgomery
I_r KP" 1 "' _J St. , under v., rail a
W *^ Hotel. B. F. ->AN EXPLOSION
OF GASOLINE
Causes' the Collapse of a
Five -Story Brick
Building.
BURIED IN THE DEBRIS.
Several Persons Killed Instantly
and Over One Hundred Re
ceive Injuries.
SOME MIRACULOUS ESCAPES.
Without a Moment's Warning a Big
Structure Is Reduced to
Ruins.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 4.-By the
explosion of a gasoline tank in the cellar
of the five-story brick building on the east
side of Walnut street, just south of Fifth,
at 7:45 o'clock this evening the entire
structure collapsed, burying beueath its
debris the bodies of many human beings.
The dead and injured so far as known are
as follows:
Dead — R. A. Davis, traveling man, Ham
ilton, Ohio, leaves a widow living in Tryon,
N. C. ; Arlolph Drach, proprietor of saloon;
- four unidentified bodies.
Injured— H. E. Hun wick, aged 34, book
keeper; Joseph Spriges, 21 years old, col
ored porter; 1 C. S. Weils, 44 years old,
clerk; Sidney W. Johnson, 33 years old,
barkeeper; W, D. Crosby, 24 years old,
paper-hanger; Willard E. Cook, 21 years
old, clerk, Avondale; J. B. Ward, 29 years
old, racehorseman, Toledo. Ohio: Barbara
Huddfeldmann, 43 years old, domestic;
John McCarthy of Cincinnati Wharf Com
pany, Pete Burns, Charles Spille.
Xotie of the injured are in any imme
diate danger, but it is thought several will
die. It is known that several more vic
tims are beneath the ruins. R. A. Frick
of Norwood was to have left for Philadel
phia to-night. He is known to have left
his valise in Drach' s saloon early this
evening. He has not been seen since the
explosion, and his friends fear that his
body is buried beneath the ruins in the
cellar.
The lower floor of the building was occu
pied by Adolph Drach, who conducted a
saloon. The upper apartments were rented
out to lodgers. Drach had recently placed
a gasoline engine in his cellar for the pur
pose of generating his own gasoline fuel.
The best authorities agree that the com
mutator of the engine had burned out, set
ting fire lo a tank of gasoline.
The explosion came like a thunderclap.
Eye witnesses say that the building was
seen to shake for an instant and then to
Blump in, and almost a second later only
an indiscriminate mass of ruins remained.
A fire alarm was instantly turned in, and
in a few moments haJf the fire department
of the city was tipon the scene, as were
several thousand spectators.
The work of rescue was instantly begun,
a force of men taking the front, while a
second corps went to the rear of the build
ing, which opened into an aliey. In addi
tion to the victims who are buried be
neath the building it is estimated that
fully ICO people were more or less injured
by the concussion, falling electric wires
and fragments of shattered glass, atone
and timbers. Some twenty odd of those
injured on the streets were taken into the
Gibson House, just across tbe way, and
tbeiT wounds dressed.
Among these was Chief of Police Joseph
Pugh of Covington, Ky., who reports the
most miraculous escape of the tragedy.
Ho states that he was just in the act of
entering the saloon when he wts startled
-by the flash from a burning electric wire
overhead. He sprang backward when
almost simultaneously the explosion
occured and he felt the ground leave his
feat; He was blown almost into the mid
dle of the street and this alone saved his
lifei -Three persons, whose names cannot
be learned, were injured slightly in a pass
ing streetcar and several ladies in another
car following were prostrated from tbe
shock.
A Newport (Ky.)car which waa also
near the place met with a remarkable ex
perience. It was suddenly brought to a
standstill by a fearful shock and an im
mense mass came crashing through the
roof. This proved upon examination to
be an iron door from the cellar of the
building which by some strange freak of
the explosion had been blown through the
falling debris and up into the air.
A man named John Neitzel of Cincin
nati had just left the spot where it fell
and walked back to the rear platform. No
one was hurt. A Brown-street car was
smashed almost into splinters. There
were fortunately no passengers on board
and the conductor and motorman escaped
with slight injuries.
A pathetic incident in the work of re
covery occurred, when by digging through
an adjoining wall the firemen came upon
John McCarthy, who was lying upon his
back helplessly pinioned. McCarthy was
released after the hardest labor, he him
self assisting his rescuers by givjng them
directions from time to time how to pro
ceed.
Near where McCarthy was found were
three other victims, among them a woman
and child, wbo have not yet been taken
from the ruins. The pitiful moans of the
woman, the cries of the little one begging
her mother to come to b.pr, stimulated the
big-hearted and brave fellows to wonting
with might nnd main to save them.
Two priests, Father Tiernan and Father
Keily,. were conspicuous for their efforts at
consoling those beneath the ruins, moving
about in perilous places. Wiiile leaning
forward to administer consolation to an
unfortunate who was crying for aid, Father
Tiernan was himself struck by a falling
tile and badly though not seriously hurt.
The streets all around the block are liter
ally covered with pieces of glass. Noth
ing like this catastrophe has ever hap
pened in Cincinnati, and to-nipht the city
is in an uproar of excitement. It is almost
impossible to push through the throng of
excited thousands gathered arouid the
place. Hundreds of anxious inquiries keep
the telephones busy, and the hospitals and
morgue are besieged with callers eager to
ascertain the identity of the dying and the
dead.
GROANA AND CRIES HEAND.
Sotmds That Stimulate th« Beseuers in
Their Work.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 5.-Up to this
hour, 1:45 a. m., no more bodies have been
recovered from the debris of the demol
ished building. A large force of firemen
and others are still hard at work by elec
tric light digging away the ruins.
Groans and cries from several more vic
tims stimulate their work. Conversations
are carried on between the workers and
those living under the pile of brick and
mortar, who state that there are dead
bodies around them.
The basement floor has not yet been
touched and will not be reached until to
morrow. Those in a position to know
state positively that there were some ten
or twelve people in the basement. In ad
dition to this the upper floors are jammed
clown into the basement so that those who
may have been on the top floors may be
found when the basement is cleared.
FRIGHTENED INTO INSANITY.
An Initiation of a New Miner by Foolish
Comrades Causes an Unexpected
Result
WILKESBARRE, Pa., May 4.— John
Rushock, a young man, was so badly
frightened Saturday that he became
violently insane and may never fully re
cover his mind. He had never been
down a mine when he secured a position
as laborer in No. 9at Sugar Notch. The
young men who knew him essayed to
initiate him in a manner that he would
not forget.
He went down the mine for the first
time Saturday morning. At the noon
hour some of his friends took him to an
abandoned portion of the mine, where,
owing to weak pillars, the mine is "work
ing." A rumbling noise is continually
heard and large pieces of coal and rock fly
from the walls owing to the great pressure
of the mass above.
When they reached this spot one of them
suddenly shouted, "The mine is caving;
we're all dead men I" The effect on Rus
hock was unlooked for. With a wild cry
he started down the gangway, the crowd
following him and calling out that it was
all fun. But he continued runnine. He
was finally cornered in an abandoned
chamber, but his demeanor was so fierce
that his companions hardly dared ap
proach him. It took all their strength to
throw him down and then they could not
hold him. He struggled with the strength
of a maniac, and it was not until seven
men threw themselves upon him tdat his
legs and arms could be strapped. Rushock
was carried to the surface and has since
been under the influence of drugs, except
during a few intervals when, although
quiet, he is not in his rigtit senses.
Killed Wife and Baby.
WINSTEAD, Conn., May 4.— At Clay
ton, Mass., this morning Edward Plant
instantly killed bis wife and baby and
fled, followed by a posse, which has not
yet closed in on him, as he is armed.
Domestic troubles caused the shooting.
SICKNESS FOLLOWS FIRE
There Is Increased Distress
Among Unemployed at
Cripple Creek.
Wood Will Not B; Used in the Recon-
strnction of tbe Destroyed
City.
DENVER. Colo., May 4.— The Chamber
of Commerce relief work in aid of Cripple
Creek was closed to-day after the commit
tee had returned from the camp and made
their report. The great need remaining
to be filled is for tents, blankets and bed
ding, all of which will be supplied out of
funds awaiting orders from tbe Cripple
Creek local committee. All sections of the
State have responded promptly to the re
lief of the camp, and several tenders of
money from Eastern cities were declined.
The exodus of unemployed ana homeless
from the camp still continues, and yet
more men remain in camp than can find
work of any kind to do. Many have con
tracted pneumonia from exposure on the
night following the fire, and the relief
work will be extended some weeks to meet
all such cases.
Building operations will be slow for sev
eral weeks as the town authorities are
firm in refusing to permit the construction
of wooden buildings, and the supply of
brick in the State is just now limited. The
ore production of the camp is slowly in
creasing over that of the first quarter of
the present year.
THAT TRANSVAAL RAID.
Chamberlain Continues to Shield
Cecil Rhodes in the
Affair.
Sir Hercules Robinson Also Throws
All the Responsibility Upon
Jameson.
LONDON, Eng., May 4.— ln the House
of Commons to-day Chamberlain, replying
to a question by T. C. Bowles, Conserva
tive, said that the Government had no in
formation that Cecil Rhodes had given
his pledge that the Imperial Government
would not interfere to prevent Dr. Jame
son's raid into the Transvaal. He had no
communication with Mr. Rhodes or any
one else relative to the exercise of the im
perial authority in the event of a raid.
Mr. Chamberlain then alluded to the
suggestion which had been made that the
"chairman" mentioned in the cipher dis
patches found among Dr. Jameson's effects
when he was captured by the Boers, and
recently published by the Transvaal
authorities, was identical with Sir Her
cules Robinson, Governor of the Cape
Colony. In regard to this matter, he said
he had received a telegram from
Sir Hercules Robinson, in which be
said: " 'Chairman' means Jameson. I
never received from any one, in
any shape, even a hint of what was about
to take place, and was so completely kept
in the dark that I never had the slightest
suspicion of what was going on or in
tended. The discovery on December 30
that Jameson had entered the Transvaal
cam c upon me like a tlrunderbolt from a
blue sky. If there is any insinuation to
tbe contrary I rely upon you to protect my
character in my absence."
The reading of this telegram was re
ceived with cheers. Mr. Chamberlain add
ed: "I place implicit confidence in Sir
Hercules Robinson."
The directors of the British South Africa
Company held a meeting to-day at which
they discussed the connection of Cecil
Rhodes and Mr. Beit, officers of the com
pany, with the projected overthrow of the
Transvaal Government. It was finally de
cided that Messrs. Rhodes and Beit
I fhould be requested to resign.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
MORTON TOUCHES
THE MAGIC KEY,
Opening of the National
Electrical Exposition
at New York.
NOTED MEN ABE THERE.
Release of the Current Generated
by the Power of a Great
Cataract.
ALL THE SALUTES ARE FIRED.
Most Wonderful of All Is the Trans
mission of Niagara's Roar by
Telephone.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 4. -The Na
tional Electrical Exposition was formally
opened to-night in the Grand Central
Palace. There were delegates present
from over 10,000 electric-light plants in the
United States.
Governor Morton arrived at the Grand
Central Palace at 8:15 o'clock and was
escorted to the dais on the third floor,
wbich had been reserved for the guests
and speakers of the evening. The intro
ductory speech was made by C. H. Wil
merding, president of the National
Electric Light Association. Mr. Wil
merding introduced Mayor Worster of
Brooklyn a* chairman of the meeting.
At the conclusion of a few remarks the
chairman introduced ex-Senator and Com
modore Perry Vedder, who made an ad
dress on "The Electric Era."
Governor Morton was next introduced
to the meeting. He was received with the
greatest enthusiasm.
"Mr. President and officials of the Na
tional Electric Exposition," he said. "I
feel honored by the invitation which you
bave extended to me to release the electric
current generated by the power of tbe
great cataract at Niagara, and in accord
ance with your wishes I now declare the
exposition duly opened."
Governor Morton then pressed the
golden key which was to cause artillery
salines simultaneously at San Francisco,
New Orleans, St. Paul and Augusta, Me.
There was great enthusiasm wnen Gov
ernor Morton pressed the golden key. A
few moments afterward messages were
received from San Francisco, New Orleans,
St Paul and Augusta, Me., stating that
the cannon had been fired.
Perhaps the most interesting feature of
the exposition was the demonstration of
the power generated by the Niagara Falls.
The current turned a model of the power
plant in the building, and by putting a re
ceiver to the ear the visitors were able to
distinctly hear the roar of the great catar
act 462 miles away.
FIRED IN THIS CITY.
How the Rodman Gun Responded to the
Spark.
At 4:30 o'clock yesterday afternoon a
section of Battery D, Fifth Light Artillery,
under command of Lieutenant Gatley, IT.
S. A., took up a position in Union square
and planted a 3 2-10 Rodman gun, the
muzzle pointing toward Geary and Pow
eil streets. In a few moments electric
wires were run from a pole erected near a
table in the square and these were con
nected with the piece. It was not long be
fora a great crowd gathered on the square,
and the curiosity of those composing it
was satisfied when informed that the piece
was to be fired by an electric spark that
was to be sent from the Niagara Falls'.
The section was on duty by order of the
Secretary of War, and the salute was to be
fired in honor of the opening of the Elec
trical Exposition at New York.
Alongside of the telegraph pole was a
table with a receiver and sounder, at
which was seated Professor Medina, chief
electrician of the Postal Telegraph Com
pany in this City, and by bia side was
Superintendent L. W. Storror, who was
waiting for the signal from New York
that Governor Morton was ready to touch
the button that was to set in motion the
machinery that would be moved by the
power of the Niagara Falls. The message
came at 5:44^ o'clock. There was a bugle
call and before it ceased echoing the sa
lute was fired, and simultaneously a like
salute was fired on Boston Commons, in
New York, in St. Paul, Minn., in Augusta,
Me., and in New Orleans.
Before the smoke of the Rodman gun
cleared away Professor Medina sent on to
New York the following message :
Mayor's Office, San Francisco.
Ban Francisco recognizes the electric chain
ing of Niagara as the one superior triumph of
this century. It is the mighty union of mind
and matter. The result is prophetic of un
dreamed-of progress and therefore commands
our congratulations.
C. F. Tatlor, Acting Mayor.
MIRTLE HARKNBYS WON.
Defeated Brace Girdle .in the Ashland
Oaks Stake.
. LEXINGTON, Ky., May 4.— The Ash
land Oaks, the most historic and classic
event in Kentucky racing annals, was the
choice of the attraction here to-day. The
race narrowed down to a match between
Myrtle Harkness and Brace Girdle. The
pair raced . head and - head to the wire,
where Thorpe pushed the former to the
front a winner by a neck. The first race
was also a match race between The Dragon
and Simon W. They ran neck and neck
from start to finish and the judges decided
it a dead heat, although eve ry body thought
The Dragon won ;by a nose. Attendance
small. - Weather clear. Track fast.
One mile/ Simon W and The Dragon ran a
dead heat. Time, 1:41 1-5. Only two starters
- Handicap, six furlongs, Cascarian won
Galon dOr second, Brendoo third. Time'
1 :15»*. '
Ashiand Oaks, one mile, Myrtle ftarkness
won, Brace Girdle second. Time, 1:42. Only
two starters. • ■ • ' - • '
Six furlongs, Glad won, Helena Ella second
Probasco third. Time, 1:15%. •
, Five furlongs, Meadow Thorpe won, Treopia
second. Sharon third. Time, 1:03.
CHICAGO, lip; May The talent was
badly out of line :at Sheffield to-day, as
none of the favorites were fast enough to
score a win.
'Five and a half furlongs, Reveille won, Dave
Sloan second, Aunt Sallie third. Time, 1:12.
,;.- Six furlongs, Bob Wagner won, Genoid sec
ond, Outgo third. Time, 1:17.
Five and a half furlongs, Vergle ' Dixon won,
Sugar second, . Sammie Young ; third. Time,
1 :09^. ■•■.■•■.' • -■- ; * . - : . ' .' • . - '.;
' Seven furlongs; Laura Cotta won, Can field
second, Blacking Brush third. Time, 1:30*4.
Seven furlongs, Gomer won, Aunt linda sec
ond, Hazel Hatch third. ; Time. 1 ■ ■
Six furlongs, Ltsmore won, Fusileer second.
Designer third. " Time. 1 :15}£. :
' NASHVILLE, Tbsk.V May ■ 4.— To-day's '
results:
Three-quarters of a mile, Rondo won, Wang
second, Nick third. Time, 1 :14.
Five-eighths of a mile, Rosalind 111 won,
Belle of Oak Grove second, Kitty Scott third.
Time, l:01?£.
One mile And a quarter, Ben Eder won,
Maurice second, Rntbven third. Time, 2:oß.
One mile, Bing Binger won, Overella second,
Billy McKenzie third. Time, 1 :41%.
Niue-sixteentUs of a mile, Manzanita won,
Izeyl second, Connie Lee tnird. Time, :56.
Five-eighths of ft mile, Bounding Cecil won,
Petrolin second, Audrax third. Time. 1:01 }£.
AQUEDUCT RACE TRACK, L. 1., May
4.— The first day's racing of tbe season in
New York began nnder most encouraging
conditions here to-day under the auspices
of the Queens County Jockey Club. The
weather was perfect and a large crowd was
in attendance. It was a good day for the
bookmakers, as only one favorite, Jeffer
son, in the «econd race, passed under ihe
wire a winner.
Five fnrlongs — Tenderness won, Premier
second, Kalirhoe third. Time, 1:02^.
One mile— Jefferson won. King T. second,
Eoyal Princess third. Time, 1-A7 :i ±.
Half a mile — Joe Hayman won, Young Harry
second, Miss O. B. third. Time, 0:50»>£.
One mile and a sixteenth — Chugnut won,
Prig second, Charade third. Time, 1:51.
Half a mile— Free Lance won, Brighton sec
ond, Friendship third. Time, :51J^.
ON THE BALL FI ELD.
Some Bather Clever Playing on the East.
em Diamonds.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 4.— To-day's close
game went to the Quakers only when
the last man retired. Both pitchers did
good work. Hallman was injured in the
seventh inning. Attendance 2ooo. Score:
8u Louis 000001200— S 11 2
Philadelphia* 2010 00 0 10—4 11 2
Batteries— Breltensteln and McFarland; Orth
and Grady. Umpire— Keefe.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, May 4.— The locals
won to-day's game in the first inning
when with two men out they struck a bat
ting streak, and before the fusillade was
over had piled up six runs. •'Red" Ehret
pitched a great game, allowing but six
hits, two of which were of the scratch
order. Smith's work at short was the
feature of the game. Attendance 3000.
Score :
Cinctnnatis 600000200—8 14 1
Bostons. 000002000—1! 6 4
Batteries— Ehret and Vaughn; Nichols and
Ryan. Umpire — Kmslte.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 4.— Childs'
batting and sacrifice hitting were the fea
tures of to-day's game between Cleveland
and Washington, Delehanty having three
to his credit. Sharp fielding kept Cleve
land from adding more runs in the seventh
and eighth. Two thousand people saw
the game. Score:
Clevelands. 13400230*— 13 17 8
Washinictoas 2 0 0000210— 582
Batteries— Wilson .-md O'Conuor; Boyd and Me-
Guire. Umpire— Hurst.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 4.— The tail
enders met to-day and New York won an
easy victory. Clausen was knocked out of
tbe box in the third inning. Louisville
fielded miserably and could not hitMeeKin
to advantage. O'Brien's right forefinger
was broken by a thrown ball in the eighth.
Attendance 600. Score:
Louisvtlles. 004000003—7 11 8
New Yorks. 12203 0412—12 14 4
Batteries— ridus"n, McDermott and Warner;
Meckin and Farrell. Umpire— Sheridan.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 4.— Hawley prac
tically lost his own game to-day, being
very wild in the early stages and virtually
giving the champions their first four runs.
Attendance 4000. Score:
Pittsburgs. 000002 0 2000—4 9 S
Baltlmores 0 0 11101000 I—6 13 0
Batteries— Hawlev and Merrltt; Clark, Espcr
and Koblnson. Umpire — Lynch.
CHICAGO, 111., May 4.— The home team
won one of the most exciting games ever
seen on the local grounds to-day. Stein,
who was in the box for the Brooklyns,
was invincible up to the ninth inning,
when Lange hit safely and Ryan was safe
on a bunt. Trnby drew a base on balls,
and amid the greatest excitement Anson
rapped out a safe line hit to right and
the winning runs went over the plate.
The visitors got their only run in the
fourth inning on the hit of a batter by
the pitcher and safe hits by. Corcoran and
Shindle. Sensational plays were the order
of every inning. Th« score : -, . ;■■ ;_','■ :-'jj
C)ii< -Biros. 000000002—2 7 1
Brooklyns .; 000010000—1 6 2
Batteries— Griffith and Kitiredge; Stein and
Grim. Umpire— Weld man. — •
. » —
Seattle's Knseball Revival.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 4.— The weather
man semi-graciously smiled to-day and
permitted the opening baseball game for
this city between Seattle and Tacomn of
the new Pacific League, the latter winning
by a score of 11 to 9. It was a game in
which there was much good, some brilliant
and a little poor playing. The grounds,
owing to heavy rains for a week past, were
in bad condition, and the threatening con
dition of the weather and the breaking of
a street-railway cable combined and
brought the attenaance down to about
1000. Mayor Wood tossed the first ball by
wav of a speech of welcome to the visiting
team, in which he bespoke for Seattle a
glorious patronage of this and all other
forms of legitimate sport.
Tacom* 10040204 •— ll 15 4
Seattle 301001220-9 13 6
Batteries: {Seattle— Clarke, Black and Frary;
Tacoma— Ferguson and Donovan. Umpire— March.
SEXTUPLET AGAINST ENGINE.
An Extraordinary Race to Be Bun Along
a Railroad.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 4.-One of the
most extraordinary races on record is
scheduled for the sth of next month. On
that date six athletic cyclists, headed by
Dan Cabanne of St. Louis, riding on a
sextuplet, will endeavor to beat the Em
pire State express, which is the fastest
railway train in the world. The race is to
be over one mile at a point where the
huge flying locomotive may safely crowd
on its greatest speed.
In order to test the claims of the makers
of the sextuplet, a five-mile track is to be
laid at the side of the New York Central
Railroad near Poughkeepsie, and here the
test will be made. It is necessary that the
track should be five miles in length, as the
full speed of the sextuplet cannot be at
tained in less than two miles, and it takes
two more to come to a stop, so that the
six riders may alight safely. The race
will, therefore be over the third or center
mile of the track.
Chauncey M. Depew is greatly interested
in the race. "I doubt if the riders can beat
our train," he said. "If they do they will
have to cover the mile in less than 47
seconds. Every facility v.ill be afforded
them. The track to be laid, I understand,
will be as smooth as a billiard-table. It is
easy to understand that such a speed as
they expect to make would cause the
smallest inequality to upset the machine,
and the consequences would be disastrous."
The men selected to ride will all be
trained athletes and cyclists. The average
weight of each will not be less than 170 or
180 pounds.
ROSIE DID NOT VACATE.
During the Riot That Followed Two Men
Were Shot and Others
Clubbed.
CHICAGO, 111., May 4. — A riot, in
which two men were shot and a number
pounded with clubs and chairs, took place
this afternoon at 164 Custom-house place.
A woman named Rosie Harris was asked
to vacate her house as her lease had ex
pired. She refused to do so, and this
afternoon, when an effort was made to put
her furniture on the streets, she resisted,
sending to a neighboring palooo for a half
dozen men to help her fight. When the
men came there was a desperate struggle
and revolvers were freely used. Nick
Bauer was shot in the side of the head and
badly battered with a hatchet. His in
juries are serious, but not necessarily
fatal. A man named Hetailie was shot in
the leg and amputation will probably fol
low. Fifteen shots were fired. Nearly
every one engaged in tbe wranele was
bruised to some extent. Eight men are
under arrest charged with riot. The Har
ris woman still holds possession of the
house.
NO HURRY WITH
APPROPRIATIONS,
Deep Significance of the
Vote Taken in the
Senate.
PEFFER HAS HIS WAY.
All Business Laid Aside to Take
Up the Resolution for a
Bond Inquiry.
HILL'S VIGOKOUS OPPOSITION.
Denounces the Proposed Investigation
as Senseless, Uncalled For and
Mischievous.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 4.— Three
aye and no votes were had in the Senate
to-day, the results of which were significant
as an indication that there is not to be any
undue haste in passing appropriation bills
and forcing an early adjournment of Con
cress. The first vote was on a motion
made by Turpie of Indiana to proceed to
the consideration of the Dupont election
case. Mitchell of Oregon, who as chair
man of the Committee on Privileges ana
Elections, has parliamentary charge of the
subject, protested against this action on
the part of Turpie as discourteous to the
committee and as seeming unprecedented
in his service in the Senate.
Opposition was also made to Turpie's
motion as an obstacle to tbe passage of the
appropriation bills, but, nevertheless, the
motion was carried by a majority of one —
32 to 31 — and the Dupont case was taken
up. It was, however, laid aside after
ward, under the terms of a com
promise, offered by Gorman of Maryland,
by which the day after the passage of the
river and harbor bill the Dupont case is to
be taken up at the close of the routine
morning business and is to be considered
until the afternoon of the following day,
when the vote is to be taken.
The river and harbor bill was then taken
up. but it had again to give way to Peffer's
bond resolution. The latter was laid
before the Senate at 2 p. m. as the un
finished business and Frye of Maine, hav
ing charge of the river and harbor bill,
moved that the Senate proceed to the
consideration of that bill. The motion
was defeated by 11 votes — 28 to 9, and the
bond resolution was proceeded with, Hill
of New York speaking against it until 5
p. m., when the Senate adjourned until to
morrow.
Senate bill to authorize the Muskogee,
Oklahoma and Western Railroad Company
to construct and operate a line of railroad
through Oklahoma and Indian Territories
was passed.
A motion by Turpie (D.) of Indiana to
take up the Dupont election case for con
sideration was, after opposition on the
part of Mitchell (R.) of Oregon, chairman
of the Committee ou Privileges and Elec
tions, and after a failure to fix by unani
mous consent another time to taice up and
press it to a vote, agreed to— ayes 32,
noes 31.
After many propositions and counter
propositions it was agreed to by unani
mous consent that the Dupont case be
taken pp at the conclusion of the routine
morning business, after the passage of the
river and harbor bill, and that its consid
eration shall be continued and the vote
taken at 5 o'clock the next day. The river
and harbor bill wa3 then taken up. Ten
minutes after the river and harbor bill had
been taken up at 2 r. m, the Peffer bond
resolution was laid before the Senate as
the unfinished business.
Frye (R.) of Maine, in charge of the
river and harbor bill, appealed to Peffer to
let his resolution go over until after the
passage of the bill ; but the Senator from
Kansas declined, stating that his resolu
tion was the most important matter be
fore the Senate.
Frye moved that it be laid aside and
th.-it the river and harbor bill be taken up.
That motion was disagreed to — ayes 28,
noes 39 — and the bond resolution re
mained before the Senate. The following
is the' vote in detail :
Ayes— Burrows, Caffery, Cullom, Davis,
Elkins, Faulkner, Gallinger, Hansbrough,
Hill, Lindsay, Mcßride, McMillan, Mills,
Mitchell of Oregon, Morrill, Nelson,
Palmer, Pasco, Platt, Proctor, Quay, Se
well, Shoup, Squire, Tharston, Vilas, Wet
more and Wilson — 28. Noes — Allen,
Bacon, Bate, Berry, Blackburn, Brice,
Brown, Butler, Call, Cannon, Carter, Chil
ton, Cockrell, Daniel, Dubois. George, Gor
man, Harris, Irby, Jones of Arkansas,
Kyle, Lodge, Mitchell of Wisconsin, Mor
gan, Peffer, Perkins, Pettigrew, Pugh,
Roach, Sherman. Stewart, Teller, Tillman,
Turpie, Vest, Walthall, Warren, White,
Walcott— 39.
Frye said that be would accept the vote
as instructions to him not to press the con
sideration of the river and harbor bill
until the bond resolution was out of the
way.
Wolcott (R, ) of Colorad o said the country
would breathe more easily if the river and
harbor bill was held until the country
understood as to whether bonds were to
be issued from time to time.
Hill remarked sarcastically that all the
information that Wolcott would get from
the proposed investigation would not re
lieve his mind at all.
The Senate, he added, has seen fit to dis
place the river and harbor bill, in order to
take up the "senseless, uncalled for and
mischievous resolution." He commented
upon tbe fact that Senators Lodge (R.) of
Massachusetts and Gorman (D.) of Mary
land voted against Frye's motion and
characterized it as a "Massachusetts and
Maryland combination."
In the course of a long speech Hill men
tioned the fact that the resolution has
been modified so as to make no allegation
or insinuation of misconduct; there was
to be an investigation merely for the pur
pose of having an investigation. That was
all; if there was any tangible charge
against the Secretary of the Treasury he
(Hill) would vote for an investigation.
Vest questioned Hill as to the propriety
of the Secretary of the Treasury giving to
the syndicate— Pierpont Morgan & Co.—
the privilege of taking at their bid the
bonds awarded to persons who had not
come forward with their gold at the time
fixed. He put the case of the syndicate
bid at 115 and of the bonds going up to
130, and asked whether the Secretary of
the Treasury should not have called for
fresh bids for toese bonds not paid for,
instead of letting the syndicate have them
at 115.
Hill did not feel called on to answer a
hypothetical case, bat said te had followed
the rule established in both cases. At
this time Hill yielded to a mot ion to ad
journ, and the Senate at 5 o'clock ad
journed until to-morrow.
SESSION OP THE HOUSE.
Passage of Several Bill* of Minor Im
portance.
WASHINGTON, D. C. May 4.— To-day
was suspension day in the House under
the rules, and in addition to numerous
private pension bills passed were the fol
lowing:
Amending the time within which im
ported merchandise may be unloaded.
Authorizing the State of South Dakota
to select lands in the Fort Sully military
reservation for school and indemnity
lands.
The contested election case of J. C.
Kirby vs. J. C. Abbott, from the Sixth Dis
trict of Texas, was reported from Elec
tions Committee No. 3, declaring Abbott
(D.), the sitting member, entitled to the
seat and it was agreed to.
Boutelle (R.) of Maine called up the
naval appropriation bill and asked that
tbe House non-concur in the Senate
amendments and agree to the conference.
In the course of consideration of this mat
ter there was something of a scene, Quigg
(R.) of New York calling Boutelle to order
on the ground that he was reflecting upon
the Senate's actions by his comments.
An animated colloquy followed between
the Speaker and Boutelle, the former ex
plaining tbe philosophy and necessity of
the rule and the latter contending that he
had not violated it.
Sayers (D.) of Texas moved to concur in
the Senate amendments reducing the num
ber of battle-ships from four to two, and
with the amendment pending the matter
went over until to-morrow by unanimous
consent.
A bill was passed under suspension of
the rules for the protection of American
yacht-owners and ship-builder?, and on
the vote upon a resolution to set aside the
6th and 13th inst. for the consideration of
private pension bills no quorum appeared.
At 5:05 o'clock the House adjourned until
to-morrow.
The following bills were passed:
Authorizing the State of South Dakota
to select about 28,0C0 acres in the Fort
Sully military reservation as a part of the
indemnity and school lands granted to the
State at its admission into the Union.
Extending the time within which im
ported merchandise may be unloaded.
Boutelle (R.) of Maine called up the
naval appropriation bill and asked the
non-concuirence of the House in the Sen
ate amendments thereto. He criticized
the action of the Senate in reducing the
number of battle-ships from four to two
after contributing by its action as much
as any other cause to the excited condition
of the public mind that prevailed when
that bill was passed by the House.
Quigg (R.) of New York made the point
of order that the gentlemen could not criti
cize nor comment upon the action of ttie
Senate. This was discussed by Grosvenor,
Grow and Boutelle, the latter contending
that he had a right as a Representative to
read from tbe record what had occurred in
the other body.
Speaker Reed stated that in his opinion
the point of order was well taken.
Boutelle said it seemed to him that the
suggestion contained in the point of order
was so monstrous that he would not dig
nify it by discussion. The infantile point,
he maintained, would preclude a member
of tbe House from quoting from a mes
sage of the President or a decision of the
Supreme Court.
Grow stated his views of the rule to be
that while any discussion was pending or
proceeding in either body it could not be
referred to the other. But after it had
been printed in the Record it could be
read by any member as history, but not to
be commented upon. He moved that the
gentleman from Maine (Boutelle) be per
mitted to proceed in order.
Boutelle stated that he did not desire to
avail himself of the privilege in that
manner. If he could not read from the
Record what a Senator had said and state
how he voted on the naval appropriation
bill he did not care to address the House.
An animated and somewhat humorous
colloquy followed between the speaker
and Boutelle as to how the latter should
proceed. Tbe former finally succeeded in
putting Grow's motion and declaring it
carried. Boutelle took the floor and read
the concluding sentences of Senator Mills'
speech on the Cuban question. But he
would not, he said, in deference to the
views of the chair, having no doubt in his
own mind, however, of tbe propriety of
the course, state bow tbe Senator had
voted upon the proposition to reduce the
number of new battle-ships from four to
two. He moved to non-concur in the
Senate amendments to the bill and con
sent to a conference.
Sayers (D.) of Texas moved that the
House concur in that amendment, reduc
ing the number of battle-ships from four
to two.
This promised to cause extended debate,
and at the suggestiou of Dingley (D.) of
Maine, in order that the day should not
be lost for suspension, it was agreed that
the matter should go over until to-mor
row. A further conference, on the motion
of Bingham (R.) of Pennsylvania, was
ordered on the legislative, executive and
judicial appropriation bill.
Payne (R.) of New York moved to bus
pend the rules and pass a bill for the pro
tection of yacht-owners and shipbuilders
of the United States, adding to the pro
visions of section 4126, Revised Statutes,
which permit yachts belonging to a
foreign yacht club to enter or leave any
American port without clearing or enter
ing at the Custom-house or paying ton
nage tax, the provision "that the privi
leges of tnis section shall not extend to
any yacht built outside of the United
States and owned, chartered or used by a
citizen of the United States."
The bill waa advocated by Payne and
Fowler (R.) of New Jersey, and opposed
by Bartlett (D.) of New York and passed.
Pickler(R.) of South Dakota moved to
suspend the rules and pass a resolution
setting apart May 6 and 13 for the consid
eration of private pension bills, ten min
utes' debate being allowed on each bill.
A vote on the resolution demonstrated the
lack of a quorum, and at 5:05 the House,
on motion by Dingley (R.) of Maine, ad
journed.
Congressional Contests.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 4.— By a
vote of sto 1 this morning House Elec
tions Committee No. 2 decided the contest
election case of Mitchell against Walsh
from the Eighth New York City District
in favor of Mitchell.
In the case of Martin (Pop.) against
Lockhart (D.) from the Sixth North Caro
lina District, Martin got the decision, and
in the case of Thompson (Pop.) against
Shaw (D.) from the Third North Carolina
District, the report is in lavor of Shaw.
Houae Elections Committee No. 3, by a
vote of 6 to 1. to-day, in the contested elec
tion case of Yost against Tucker from the
Tenth Virginia District, authorized a re
port favoring the contestee, Tucker.
NEW TQ.PAT.
"At
Sloane's"
EXTRAORDINARY
OF
BIGELOW
BODY
BRUSSELS
Immense Line of Patterns,
$1. \2\ per yard Sewed,
Laid and Lined.
CHOICEST DESIGNS AND COLORINGS.
SMYRNA
RUGS
1000 Full Sized, 30 Inches
by 60 Inches, at $2.00 Each.
W. & J. Sloane & Co.,
641-647 Market Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Ca
I STAMPED ON A SHOE ,
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
DO YOU WEAR RUSSETS?
We have the finest assortment of Russets In this
city, and our prices are the lowest. " W» have Rus-
sets for men, women and- children. We have all
the latest styles, and at popular ■ prices. You can *
gave money by buying from us. This week we are
making a specialty of Ladies' Tan Colored South-
ern Ties, with fine brown cloth tops and very
pointed toes and tips. We will otter them at ■
- ■■. 81.73 .. • .
per pair, and to see them is to acknowledge 'their
worth. The stock is the best, the soles are hand-
turned, and they sell regularly for $2 50.
We never forget tbe little ones at home.
Infants' Tan Kid Button, cloth or kid tops,
sizes 1 to 5^... 0 75
Children's Tan Kid Button, spring heels, sizes *
6 to 8 0 73
Children's Tan Kid Button, cloth tons, 3pring
heels, sizes 5 to 8 1 00
Children's Tan Goat Button, spring heels,
sizes 7 to 10%.. 1 00
Misses' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes
11 to 2 : 125
Ladies' Tan Goat Button, spring heels, sizes
2% to 6% „ 1 50
Iff Country orders solicited.
tig- Send for Sew Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
10 Third Street,' San Francisco.
PEREMPTORY AUCTION SALE !
WEDNESDAY, MAY 27, 1896,
AT 12 O'CLOCK NOON,
SAN FRANCISCO
Pioneer Woolen Factory
Without Limit or Reserve. -
Sevan 50-Vara Lots at the head of
Van Ness Avenue, opposite the)
Black Point Reservation. .
Three Brick and one Frame Build-
ing.
One Four - Story Brick ' Factory
Bui Id 64x383 feet.
JJ3" Send or Call for Circular with all
details and description.
SHAISWALD, BCCKBEE & CO.,
. AUCTIONEERS,
218-220 Montgomery St.
DOLLS BUILDING. .
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand . Safeties For Sale ; at !' mar-
velously low prices : for spot
cash.
. Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try . Agents and others taking
quantities. .
Come and see them or write
for particulars.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister Street,
SAN FRANCISCO.
34
THE NEWS OF
LOS ANGELFS.
Fred McCoy Wants Pay for
the Loss of His Wife's
Affections.
WATER SUIT DECIDED.
National City Wins Litigation
Started by a San Diego
Company.
WORKMEN FOB SAN PEDRO.
The Action Taken at a Session of
the County Council of
Labor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 4.— After
several wordy conflicts, and at least one
personal encounter on the street here be
tween Fred McCoy of this city and B. F.
Williams, a damage suit was filed this
morning by McCoy against Williams for
$25,000. McCoy claims that Williams has
alienated his wife's affections; that she
has left him and refuses to treat him as
her husband.
This is a very sad circumstance, but tbe
language with which McCoy's attorney de
tails how this was done is peculiarly dis
tressing. He says :
"The said defendant, contriving and
wrongfully, wickedly and not having the
fear of God before his eyes, and unjustly
intending to injure the eaid plaintiff
and to deprive him of the com
fort, fellowship, society, aid and as
sistance of his, the plaintiff's wife,
Lulu McCoy, then and there and on many
divers, occasions, with rrany and divers
letters sent to her, the said Lulu McCoy,
by said defendant, then and there, and
with many blandishments and endeanng
words of love and sympathy to her, the
said Lulu McCoy, addressed then and
there with many beguiling promises of
help in money and means, promised to tbe
said Lulu McCoy Dy the said defendant,
and with various and many attentions,
etc"
NATIONAL CITY WINS.
Decision in a Suit Brought by a San
IHego Water Company.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 4.— Judge
Ross of the United States Circuit Court
handed down an opinion this morning in
the case of the San Diego Land and Town
Company vs. the City of National City et
al. The Board of Trustees of National
City established by ordinance the rates at
which the corporation should furnish the
city and its inhabitants with water for the
year commencine July 1, 18U5, and ending
July 1, 1896.
The complainant began suit to have it
adjudged that the provision of the consti
tution and laws of California under which
the trustees filed the rates were in viola
ion of the fourteenth amendment to the
constitution of the United States; that
the rates be annulled, or, in the event that
the court should determine that the pro
visions in question did not contravene the
Federal constitution, then that the rates
be decreed arbitrary, unreasonable, unjust
and void ami the board required to adopt
new and reasonable rates of char. es.
Judge Ross holds that the complainant
company cannot come into the State and
acquire its rights under the constitution
and then treat as void the same provisions
where they impose burden in connection
with those rights. After deciding against
the constitutional contention of the com
plainant the court discusses the reason
ableness of the charges fixed by the trus
tees and decides that the complainant has
no just cause of action.
The evidence showed that tbe rates es
tablished were satisfactory on previous oc
casions to the company, except that they
did not allow for the "water right.'' This
was the bone of contention between the
company and the consumers and city au
thorities, and Judge Ross holds it is with
out valid basis. The bill is ordered dis
missed at complainant's cost.
SHEIME SLE INOHES LOXG.
Grow to an Enormous Size on the Coast
If ear Long Iteaeh.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 4.— A region
of the coast near Long Beach has been
discovered where that delicacy peculiar to
California, the shrimp, grows to enormous
size. Some of them sent to this city
measure from six to nine inches in length,
and they are of a peculiarly delicious
flavor. They are exactly like the regular
small shrimp in all details except as to
size.
One enthusiast purposes to start a
shrimp ranch with them and by careful
breeding hopes to produce a variety that
will be as big as a porpoise.
SUPPORT SAN PEDRO.
Resolutions Adopted by the Los Angeles
Congress of Labor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 4.— The Los
Angeles congress of labor met today and
passed resolutions favoring appropria
tions for an outer and an inner harbor at
San Pedro, and opposing any govern
mental appropriation for Santa Monica.
The proposition of starting a non-parti
san daily paper in this city was discussed.
Regarding the matter of nominating a
separate labor ticket the proposition was
finally referred to all the labor organiza
tion? for settlement.
MARICOPA JUNCTION TRAGEDY.
Cy Williams, a Motel Proprietor, Slain
by a Customer.
TUCSON, Ariz., May 4.-A fatal shoot
ing took place in Williams Hotel at Mari
copa Junction last evening. Cy Williams,
the proprietor, was tending bar and be
came involved in a dispute with a cus
tomer, whose name was Williams also,
over a drink. The stranger drew a re
volver and fired twice at (fy Williams, one
ehot taking effect in the right side, pass
ing through the body. The wounded man
was brought to Tucson this morning and
placed in a hospital. He expired at 3
o'clock this afternoon.
The murderer, who claimed to be a
niiner from Jerome, Arizona, and an cx
li reman of the Southern Pacific, was
placed under arrest and will be taken to
Florence for trial. Cy Williams was about
89 years old and one of the best known
men in Southern Arizona. With his
brother he conducted the hotel at Mari
copa Junction for ten years.
SANDBAGGED AT SEABRIGHT.
An Eastern Tourist Roughly Handled by
a Footpad.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 4.— William
Pcrrine was sandbagged and dangerously
beaten in the doorway of his home at
Seabright last night, and through long un
consciousness and loss of blood he was
unable to give an alarm until this morning.
A physician dressed nine contused scalp
wounds on the victim.
Perring's residence is in Illinois, but he
has been visiting hi 3 brother, James Per
ripg, at Merced, since he came to Califor
nia. He says he cannot account for the
attach, unless it was for robbery. The
assailant gained notbine, being uuable to
remove his victim from the doorway.
After bursting the sandbag the stranger
used a club on his victim.
WATSONVILLE'S WELCOME.
Hearty Reception to the Grand Officers
of the Foresters of Amer
ica.
WATSON VILLE, Cal., May 4.— The
grand officers and delegates to the Grand
Court of Foresters of America arrived in
this city on the 5 o'clock train this evening
and were welcomed right royally at the
depot by the local court with the Wataon
ville city band and a large delegation of
citizens. A line of march was formed and
the visitors were escorted to the opera
house, whence they were assigned to the
various hotels where preparations had
been made for their uccommodation.
The delegates and their iriends were en
tertained to-night with an open-air con
cert on the plaza. To-morrow the open
ing of the session oi the Grand Lodge
takes place at 10 o'clock, and at 1 a public
demonstration of welcome will be given.
The grand officers who arrived this even
ing were : Past Grand Chief Rangers Fred
C. Hensley, Rufus B. Harmon, Lewis
Thorne, John J. Cordy, Henry Ryan and
C. P. Rendon. Grand Chief Ranger A. Or
lila, Grand Sub-Chief Ranger R. B. Vel
lage; G. T., S.IA. White; G. S., C. H. Bre
mer; G. R. C., Sol Peiser; G. 8. W., J. S.
W. Sunders; G. J. W., John Heenan; G.
8. 8.. R. R. Dunstan; G. J. 8.. E. L. Fos
ter; Grand Trustees E. E. Skinner, H. B.
George and J. E. Anderson ; Grand Audi
tors Ed Morris, George Moody and C. M.
Dies.
VISALIA ASSASSIN'S FATE,
John E. Howard Sentenced to Die
for Murdering Martini "
de la Nina.
The Victim Slain Becauss He Would
Not Pay for Liquor Bought
by Howard.
VIBALIA, Cal., May 4.-John E. How
ard was to-day sentenced by Jndge Gray of
the Superior Court to be hanged at Folsom
on July 17, between the hours of 9 and 2
o'clock. Howard was convicted on August
11, 1894, of the murder of Martini de la
Nina, an Italian laborer, in Tulare, on the
evening of June 16 of the same year.
Howard claimed to be in the employ of
the City Marshal of Tulare, and was in the
habit of sleeping in a house run by two
negresses. On the day of the murder
Howard went across to the Hotel Europa
and got some wine, Nina vouching for the
pay. Howard took the wine to the ne
gresses, and after drinking it with them
went back for more. He wanted Nina to
Btand good for the payment of this second
installment, and upon the latter's refusal
shot him, killing him instantly.
At the trial perjured testimony was in
troduced in the interest of Howard, and
later John Bayers was convicted of per
jury and sentenced to serve eight years in
the penitentiary. Another witness was
believed to have committed perjury, but
the evidence was considered insufficient
to convict him on that charge. He was
subsequently convicted of illegal registra
tion. Howard appealed from the judg
ment entered in the lower court, but tbe
Supreme Court affirmed the judgment.
Howard was taken to Folsom to-night
QUIET AT WEAVERVILLE.
Round Valley and Lone Ridge Factions
Await a Verdict Before Causing
Trouble.
WEAVERVILLE, Cal., May 4.— Tbe
Round Valley people who are here attend
ing the trial of Constables Crow and Van
Horn for alleged complicity in the lynch
ing of "Jack" Littlefield are conducting
themselves in an orderly manner during
the illness of Juror Benton. The sick
juror was unable to attend court to-day
and the case was continued until Wednes
day, when it will be determined whether
it will be advisable to obtain another juror
or wait for him to recover.
In an interview with Sylvester Palmer
he stated that he did not anticipate any
trouble between the two opposing factions
at the county seat, but he feared that
something desperate might occur after the
trial was over and they returned to the
Lone Ridge and Round' Valley country.
Joseph Gregory, who was discharged
after the preliminary examination, has
been subpenaed and refuses to appear in
court. Trouble is expected if a bench
warrant is issued.
NORTHERN PACIFIC SALE.
Decree of Foreclosure Secured From
Judge Gilbert at Portland.
PORTLAND, Ok., May 4.— Bray ton
Ives, Receiver Burleigh and counsel rep
resenting the various interests in the
Northern Pacific foreclosure litigation
reached here to-day. Herbert L. Turner,
representing the Farmers' Loan and Trust
Company, aj^eared before Judge Gilbert
in the United States Circuit Court and
took auxiliary decree of foreclosure and
sale of the Northern Pacific road. Copies
of the decree in other districts were tiled
in court. The party will return to Seattle
this evening to appear before Judge Han
ford, where a decree for the Washington
district will be asked for.
NORTH BLOOM FIELD DISASTER.
One miner Killed and Two Injured, by a
Landslide.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 4.— A large
landslide occurred in the North Bloomfield
gravel mine, twelve miles from here, at 9
o'clock last night, causing the death of
Albert Martin and the injuring of two
other miners. Martin was struck by a
flying rock and was dead when found. He
was a young man and leaves a widow and
two children. Eugene Trudell's left arm
was broken, being st.-uck by a boulder, and
James Cummins was buried by the slid-.ng
dirt, but succeeded in getting out unaided,
escaping with severe bruises and cuts. An
immense section of earth slid down the
hill and over a bank 500 feet high into the
mine below.
Suicide at Tucson.
TUCSON, Aeiz., May 4.-William
Roach, ex-Chief of Police, committed sui
cide to-night, while sitting on a bench in
the church plaza. He fired a bullet into
his right temple. Roach was a Canadian
54 years old. He came to Tucson in 185°
?£,<! wa « with the Police Department since
1881. He was removed from the force six
weeks ago. He had been despondent for
the past six months, because of the death
of a son.
Oift to Kern County.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 4.— The
Board of Supervisors Toted to-day to ac
cept the gift from the Kern County Land
Company of its splendid exhibit of prod
ucts of this county, gathered at a cost of
several tboueand dollars and now prof
fered free of charge. It also voted to in
stall a large portion of the exhibit in the
State Board of Trade rooms. George F
Weeks was appointed representative of
Kern County on the State Board.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
THE SAN JOSE
FLOWER FETE,
Finishing Touches Put to
the Business House
Decorations.
GUESTS ARE ARRIVING.
Streets Will Be Thronged With
Visitors the Night Before
the Opening.
TBANSFOEMING THE PAVILION.
Ladies Are Preparing the Booths and
Covering the Walls With
Blossoms.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 4.— The decora
tion of tbe business houses of tbe city for
the Carnival of Roses began in earnest this
morning, and all day long the merchants
were busy ornamenting their stores. Work
on the arches is being pushed, and will be
finished, to-morrow evening. The ever
greens and bunting lend a bright and
pleasing aspect to the streets.
Visitors are beginning to arrive, and by
to-morrow night the streets will be
thronged.
The decorating of ihe interior of the
mammoth carnival pavilion began this
morning, and ladies are busy arranging
the booths. Everybody is enthusiastic
over the floral fete, and the carnival is
certain to be a grand success.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 4.—Thirty
three boxes averaging the size of an
orange box were with the choicest
roses that grew in this city to-day and
prepared for shipment to San Jose. The
ladies of the carnival floral committee
quickly responded to the request from
San Jose for roses for the carnival there,
and many owners of gardens have care
fully guarded their rosebushes for the call
to which they so generously responded to
day. The Southern Pacific shipped the
roses free of anything that the traffic might
bear.
BOOTH'S VOLUXTEERS.
Growth of the Movement on the Pacific
Coatt.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 4.— The Post of
American Volunteers, recently organized
in this city, is industriously and earnestly
pushing its work and meeting with much
success. The local post was the first to be
organized on the Pacific Coast, and is re
garded as a sort of headquarters by the
other posts in course of organization. Street
meetings are held each evening, followed
by largely attended services in the large
armory that has been fitted up in the Co
lumbus building on El Dorado street. A
number of notable conversions have been
made, with a largo number of accessions
to the roll of membership.
The post is in command of its local offi
cers, under the leadership of A. F. Rief,
assisted by A. W. Kennedy and B. F.
Bailey, and i 9 now fully organized with
a complete complement of local officers.
Arrangements have been made with Cap
tain James Smith, formerly an esteemed
officer in the Salvation Army, now living
in Sutter County, to take charge of the
post until officers are sent from the East
by Commander Booth, which will be in
about a month, at which time a number of
other posts will be opened on the coast.
Captain Smith will take charge in a few
days, and as he was formerly stationed in
San Jose and made many friends here, it
is expected he will prove a valuable worker
in the volunteer movement.
In addition to San Jose and Los Ange
les, the latter just being organized, there
are nine other posts preparing to organize
shortly, all at points of vantage in the
State. These are in correspondence with
the local leaders and will shortly follow
the San Jose post into active organization.
An important conference will be held
next Sunday by the leading local workers
with visiting representatives of other
points that will be followed very shortly
by marked results.
In an enthusiastic communication just
received by the local post from Colonel
Fielding of Chicago he states that the
growth of the work East is phenomenal
and that he orga .ized twelve posts in less
than a week alter taking control of the
district, four of which were in Chicago.
He also stated that calls were coming for
officers from all the Western country and
that the movement was an assured suc
cess.
Letters were also received from Com
mander Booth, Major Blackhurst and
Major Merrill of New York, all stating the
same thinp and speaking in enthusiastic
terms of the work throughout the East,
and eaying that plans were now being
formuiated whereby the present summer
would find the volunteers established all
over the State.
In addition to the local staffs already
named the following officers attend to the
I business details of the post: J. S. White
treasurer; C. A. Tupper, secretary; Emma
Bolund, Gazette sergeant; Daisy M. Bußh,
junior sergeant.
The post has received its new standard
and it nightly beads the parade, accom
panied by the stars and stripes. It con
sists of a Jcrge white flag with a blue star
in the middle, in the center of which is a
cross, while a field of blue stars appears in
the upper left-hand corner. The white
typifies the purity of the motives of tbe
volunteers, the blue the charity of its
objects and the cross stands for its Chris
tian character, the stars in the corner
being borrowed irom the National emblem
as token of the allegiance of the volun
teers to their country.
OUTLAW MILLER ON TRIAL.
Charged, With an Attempt to Murder
Officer Monroe.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 4.— The trial of
George Miller, alias August Halberstadt,
on a charge of assault to murder Officer
Monroe began in Judge Lorigan's court to
day. On February 21 Miller held up
Charles Berryman on the Los Gatos road
and relieved him of a gold watch and $10.
He was subsequently arrested by Consta
ble Haley, who turned him over to Officer
Monroe while he went in search of Berry
man to identify Miller. Haley had gone
but a few steps away when Miller broke
away from Monroe and fired two shots at
the officer. Miller then encaged in a run
ning right with several officers, and after
exchanging a fusillade of shots made his
escape. He was subsequently captured at
Bakersfield-
AFFRAY NEAR GOSERN.
liam-Heittroyers Arm Fired Upon and
I On* Is Wounded. .
VIBALIA, Cal., May 4. -The trouble
over water rights in this county continues.
On Thursday night _ the Fnlgham > dam,
two miles south of Goshen, was blown out.
The owners at once rebuilt it and put men
on guard at night. Two men ■ were seen
approaching the dam Saturday night, and
mi i ii>i)ilM>'iniiiHinMHiiiyiip«i iiiiim i a i
when asked what they wanted, answered
by discharging their shotguns. The men
on guard returned the fire, and, it is be
lieved, wounded one man, as the imprint
of a bloody hand was found later on a
fence near by.
ASHORE NEAR TACOMA.
The Schooner American Girl From San
Francisco Cast Upon the
Beach.
TACOMA, Wash., May 4.-The Ameri
can schooner American Girl, Captain
Weitkanatt, from San Francisco April 16
for Ballard in ballast, to load lumber,
went aßhore at 4 o'clock yesterday morn
ing on the west side of the sound, midway
between Port Town send and Point No
Point.
The American Girl was beating up the
sound in the face of a strong easterly wind.
It was seen yesterday by the tugs Discov
ery and Sea Lion, but refused assistance.
The British ship Celtic Race, which ar
rived to-day, passed the American Girl
this morning. It was high and dry, with
a list to starboard, fa is reported to-night
that the schooner was floated on the high
tide to-day, but the report has not been
substantiated. It is in a well-sheltered
place and not likely to suffer much injury
unless it be a alight straining.
Gilroy's Election.
GILROY, Cal., May 4.— The city elec
tion to-day respited in the election of the
regular citizens' ticket. Hecker for Treas
urer and Pyle for Clerk had no opposition.
The number of votes polled was 410.
For Mayor, M. Casey, the incumbent,
received 206, Relther 185; for Clerk, Pyie
343; Treasurer, Hecker 330; Marshal, Rives
273, Bannister 112; Councilraen, six
elected, S. Baldacci 168. V. Grodhaus 276,
George Dunlap 206, Btayton 149, Mayock
297, Dr. J. W. Thayer 253, George Wentz
285, W. A. Whitehurst 275.
HEALDSBURG'S BIG KING,
Calithumpians to Parade Under
the Leadership ot F. E.
Cook.
Chief Charley and His Braves Will
Have a Flcat in the
Pageant.
HEALDSBURG, Cal., May 4. — The
King of the Calithnmpians will be F. E.
Cook. He was elected to the place of
honor by a rousing majority, and his loyal
followers are holding high carnival to
night.
The city is filling up with strangers rap
idly and presents a gala appearance.
Thousands ot yards of bunting has been
strung, while arches, towers and stands
are dressed in fern and evergreens. The
floral decorations will be put on to-morrow
ami Wednesday morning.
The parade committee reports the entry
of nine additional floats to-day, among
them being one got up by Indian Chief
Charley and his braves. Last year one of
the features of the parade was the Indian
wigwam, but Chief Charley says their float
this year is much better. The Knights of
Pythias will huve a superb float in line,
while tbe Foresters of America, Rebekahs,
"Woodmen of the World and other lodges
will make a shewing. Five district schools
will be represented in the parade with
floats. The decorations this year are
much better than those of last, wild flow
ers, ferns and grasses playing an impor
tant part.
SANTA ROSA ENJOINED,
Cannot Accept the Water Works
System Now in Successful
Operation.
Judge Daingerfield's Decision Causes
Consternation Among the
Consumers.
SANTA ROSA, Oal., May 4.— The long
looked-for opinion of Judge Daingerfield
in the famous case of Mock vs. The City of
Santa Rosa was tilled to-day. The decision
of the court is adverse to the city. It
grants the plaintiff's petition for an inter
locutory injunction restraining the city
from accepting the new water works. The
motion to strike out portions of the com
plaint is denied and the demurrer in the
case overruled, the defendants being given
ten days in which to answer.
It isheld in the opinion that the bidding
was not competitive; that the bids of Gar
ratt & Co. for $164,900 and that of Robert
Effey, the successful bidder, were substan
tially in the same handwriting; that
Efley's bid was based upon many matters
of his own not in the plans of Mr. Mon
jeau, ihe engineer who designed the
works.
There are more than 500 tappiners now
made with the new works, and there is
come consternation among consumers to
know what the result will be. The Jud*e
deals with this in the opinion by saying
that if hardship results in any particular
instance the answer is that the law was
plain at the outset, and that all men who
deal with municipal corporations are con
clusively presumed to know the law.
From Spokane to New York.
SPOKANE. Wash., May 4.-Mrs. H.
Estby and her daughter, aged 18, leave to
morrow morning to walk to New York
City. They are respectable, but will
"rough it" as regular tramps and carry no
baggage. Their object is to wear a new
style garment, which they will exhibit
when they reach New York. Mrs. Estby
is the mother of eight children, all of
whom are living with their father on a
ranch near here, except the one going
with her. The family is poor and the
ranch is mortgaged. Mrs. Estby, seeing
no other way of getting out, concluded to
make the journey afoot.
Republicans Win at Carson.
CARSON, Nkv.. May 4.— The election of
Mayor aud City Trustees for Carson was
held here to-day. The Republican and
Silver parties had tickets in the field. The
Republican ticket won, Hume Yeringten,
the present Mayor, being re-elected by a
big majority.
Rudwood City Results
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., May 4.— The
town election passed off quietly. The
following were elected: Trustees— L. S.
Bean and William Hughes; Clerk, D. R.
Stafford; Marshal. John Christ; Assessor,
B. V. Swift; Treasurer, L. B. Bebrens;
Superintendent of Btreets, B. P. Winne.
Chosen at Sevada City.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 4.— At the
city election to-day T. H. Carr, A. Gault
and J. C. Rich were re-elected trustees;
D. B. Getchell was re-electea Marshal,
Georpe Coughlan re-elected Assessor and
J. B. Gray was cbosen Treasurer.
Alice Harrison Dead.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 4.-Alice Har
rison, the actress, c^ied at her home in this
city on iratnrday night and her body was
cremated yesterday at Fresh Pond Crema
tory.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
UN OPPORTUNITY
FOR CALIFORNIA,
Delegates to the St. Louis
Convention Should Not
Be Pledged.
STATESMEN SO STATE.
Senator Perkins Says It Is a
Golden Chance for the
State's Recognition.
TACTICS OF THE M'KINLEY MEN
They Circulate a Report That Quay
Has Withdrawn From the
Candidacy.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 4.— There
was a rumor put forth to-night to the
effect that Senator Quay had withdrawn
from his Presidential candidacy. It was
surmised by some shrewd politicians that
this report might have been circulated in
order to influence the California Republi
can Convention, which meets at Sacra
mento to-morrow. General J. S. Clarkson
said to a Call correspondent to-night:
"Senator Quay has not withdrawn and
has no intention of doing so. The object
of putting out such a report is obvious to
all. The McKinley managers are making
a great effort to have it appear that Mc-
Kinley has a 'cinch' on the nomination,
and that other candidates will withdraw
so tnat States yet to select delegates may
be influenced to instruct for McKinley.
Mr. McKinley not only has not enough
votes to nominate him, but if he should
secure every one of the 132 delegates yet to
be selected he could not win on the first
ballot, and unless he can win on the first
his strength will go to pieces. McKinley
will not be nominated, you may depend
upon it.
"The California and Pacific Coast people
never had a better opportunity to make
themselves felt in the National Conven
tion than they have now by sending un
pledged delegates. If they do this they
will certainly hold the balance of power
in the convention.
"It is a significant fact that the Demo
cratic press is almost unanimous for Mc-
Kinley's nominatian. They realize that
his nomination is their only salvation."
The "combination" formed against Mc-
Kinley is the talk of Washington to-day.
No one doubts that such a combination
has been formed. The conference between
Clarkson, Fessenden, Quay and Allison
yesterday and the statement given out by
Mr. Platt in New York leave no doubt
but that the friends of all the other candi
dates have combined against the Ohio
man. It will be a repetition of the famous
convention when Grant came so near be
ing nominated, but lacked a lew votes.
The opponents of McKinley declare posi
tively that he cannot be nominated on the
first ballot, and that bis following will
desert him after the first vote.
A prominent Republican United States
Senator said to The Call correspondent
to-day: "Major McKinley's weak point
lies in the fact that he has no apparent
convictions on the currency question. He
cannot be brought down to a concrete ap
plication of his faith. His views on the
question are apparently embodied in the
last statement he made in the House when
the Sherman silver bullion bill was under
discussion, when he said that whatever
money we have must bo baaed on both
gold and silver and must represent the
best money in the world.
"He is apparently an opponent of both
the free coinage proposition and the gold
standard proposition. In fact, I do not
believe be knows himself exactly where
he stands on the currency question. The
tariff is his hobby and he can see nothing
but that around the whole political hori
son. If he is suddenly called upon at the
convention this summer to tell just where
he stands as regards money some interest
ing developments may follow that will
chance the whole aspect of the political
situation."
General Clarkson declared to Thk Call
correspondent to-night that eighteen or
twenty of the Ohio delegates would desert
McKinley at the first opportunity.
Senator Perkins said to The Call corre
spondent to-night: "McKinley's chances
have been in the ascendant of late, but I
think it would be a great mistake for our
convention to instruct the California dele
gates. It is true that lam friendly to Mr.
Allison's candidacy, but aside from this I
believe that now is our golden oppor
tunity to secure recognition for California
by sending uninetructad delegates."
Silver's Strength in town.
OTTUMWA, lowa, May 4.— Secretary
Walsh of the Btate Democratic Central
Committee said this afternoon: "I have
oflicial reports from twenty-three lowa
connties in which delegate conventions
have been held, and with only two or
three exceptions the delegates have been
instructed for free silver. The counties
reporting so far voted in 1895 at Marshall
town, 105 votes for silver and 139 against.
At Dabuque this year these counties will
Rive 143 votes for silver and 62 against.
This year silver has a voting strength of
69 per cent and gold 31 per cent."
They furor Russell.
BO9TON. Mass., May 4.— James H.
Corbett and Samuel K. Hamilton were
chosen delegates to the Chicago conven
tion by the Seventh Congressional Demo
cratic Convention to-night. The delegat-ea
were not instructed, although the conven
tion adopted a resolution favoring Hon.
William E. Russell as Presidential candi
date.
Harrity Calls a Meeting.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 4.—Na
tional Chairman Harrity baa called a
meeting of the sub-committee of the Na
tional Democratic Committee to be held at
the Wellington Hotel, Chicago, at noon
May 8.
ELECTRIC LINKS TIED UP.
And the btreets of Miltrauke* Jf ay Be
rincifd in Darkness.
MILWAUKEE, Vis., May 4.— The strike
of the street-railway employes for advanced
wages began here this morning. Every
line in the city is tied up. Fully 1200 men
are out, including conductors, motormen,
electrical workers and barnmen. The
American Federation of Labor indorses
the strike. The affair may result in a gen
eral tie-up of all interests in which union
labor is employed. There has so far been
no violence.
The hundreds of electricians employed
in the power-houses of the Edison Elec
tric Light Company, which are under the
management of the Milwaukee Street Rail
way Company, will join the strikers to
morrow, and the street will be in darkness
to-morrow night unless the company can
replace the men. There are no new devel
opments in the strike oi the motormen
and conductors.
WEST THROUGH a. OULVERT.
Wreck of a Jluvlit.,jion Freight Train,
and Two Men Killed.
LIBERTY, Nebb., May 4.— A freight
train on the Burlington went through a
culvert near here to-day. The engine top
pled over, burying the engineer and con
ductor, and fatally crushing them. The
dead: Thomas Brenuan, engineer; Doug
las Williams, conductor. The fireman
jumped and escaped injury. The engine
and five freight cars are demolished.
Heavy rains had undermined the culvert.
-*• :—: — -
DENOUNCED THE MISSIONARIES.
Turkish Sheiks Wanted Them Expelled
From Armenia.
LONDON, Esq., May 4.— The Daily News
will to-morrow publish a dispatch from
Constantinople which gives the gist of an
official report that was written at the end
of March, stating that after Bairam Pasha,
Vali of Bitlis, had summoned the Arme
nian notables to appear before him, four
Turkish sheiks denounced the mission
aries, especially Rev. George P. Knapp,
as having caused ail the trouble and blood
shed in the vilayet.
The Vali urged the notables to teleeraoh
to the Porte, begging it to expel all the
American missionaries. This the Arme
nians refused to do, arguing that the
charges were false and could be easily dis
proved.
The Vali was infuriated by their refusal,
but afterward calmed down and urged
them to reconsider their refusal. There
upon the Armenians summoned a meet
ing, at which all present, with the excep
tion of two persons, decided to adhere to
the refusal.
FIERCE RIOTS IN PERSIA,
Scenes of Great Disorder Follow
the Assassination of
the Shah.
Record of the Fanatic Who Fired the
Fatal Shot at the
Shrine.
LONDON, Exo., May 4.— The Times will
to-morrow publish a dispatch from Te
heran saying that there has been rioting
at Shiras, the capital of the province of
Fars. The bazaars were closed and a
strone guard was placed about the bank,
as it was feared that the mob would at
tempt to loot it. Quantities of merchan
dise were stolen from shops in the vicinity
of the bank.
An attempt was made Sunday night to
loot the Jewish quarter, but the Jews were
prepared to defend their property and
drove the mob off with volleys of stones.
The Shah has forbidden the closing of
shops in Teheran.
TEHERAN, Persia, May 4.— The man
who shot and killed the Shah, Nazr-ed-Din,
on Friday is a middle-aged follower of the'
well-known agitator, Djemal-ed-Din, who
was exiled from Persia in 1891 for sub
versive teachings.
The assassin, whose name as previously
stated is Mollah Reza, was subsequent to
Djemal-ed-Din's expulsion imprisoned for
similar practices, but was released by
order of tbe Shah and finally pensioned.
He confessed that he waited two months
for an opportunity to kill the Shah. He
frequently approached him in disgnise,
but was unable to carry out his designs.
Lately he learned from his nieces, who
were domestics in the Shah's harem, of
the Shah's intention to visit the shrine of
Shah Abdul Azim for devotional purposes.
He then decided to attempt to kill him
and went to the shrine on Friday, where,
after a little difficulty, he gained admis
sion. He then waited for the Bhah to
approach, and as he did so tired at and
fatally wounded him, as detailed in the
previous dispatches.
The assassin says it was his intention to
commit suicide immediately after shoot
ing the Shah, but he was seized too
quickly. He has given the names of eight
persons who, he alleges, were his ac
complices.
SEW TO-DAT.
*§ Q Tal £ v
I i 1 9 xJoP v
Take a good look at them; just as good, aren't
they, as your old suit you paid $35 for?
Ten dollars for a business suit ; twenty dollars
for a dress suit; prices between give you the pick
of the entire line of fabrics. Made to your order; ;• ■■*
fit, material, workmanship and trimmings abso-
lutely guaranteed. ,
V Our original method of Wholesale Tailoring
is an immense success. Our 200 operatives
prove that ;> come in and see them — nowhere else
on the Coast can you see so many skilled tailors —
at work.
Unscrupulous parties have imitated our name,
and now copy our advertising word for word.
Imitation is 4 their principal business. Avoid
them as you would any other swindle.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS
540 Market Street.
FATE OF CARSON'S
BULLION THIEF,
John T. Jones Will Spend
Eight Years in a
Penitentiary.
FINED $5000 BESIDES.
Affecting Scene When He Bids
His Wife and Babes a
Farewell.
PUTS ON A CONVICT'S GARB.
He Is Taken to Prison Without De.
lay and Begins a Life in
Captivity.
CARSON, Nev., May 4.— Sentence wa»
to-day passed on John T. Jones, convicted
of stealing bullion from the United States
mint. He will serve eight years in the
penitentiary and pay a fine of $5000;
There was standing-room only when the
court was called to order. The convicted,
man entered with Warden Henderson and
took the place he had occupied during the
trial. When ordered to stand up he arose
and faced the court with all the composure
he could muster. Judge Hawley spoke for
about twenty minutes, and in the course
of his remarks said:
" How different to-day is the feeling of
this community from what it was at the
time the mint trials first commenced.
Speaking generally, at that time the feel
ing of the community as expressed in the
public press of tbe county — a portion of it
at least — and in the community was that
this was not a prosecution but a persecu
tion on the part of the Government of the
United States; that tbe trial would be a
farce; that nobody would be convicted.
•'ln the early commencement of the
trial every interest that could be brought
to bear was exercised in behalf of tbe
accused of condoning the offense. Even
fraud, perjury, bribery and corruption
were brought to bear to influence and con
trol the court and control the community:
Through it all the plficers of the court
were to some extent abused; honest wit
nesses endeavoring to tell the truth in a
court of justice were abused. To-day the
majesty of the law stands vindicated.
The ends of justice have been reached."
There was a dead silence in the court
room during the Judge's talic. Jones stood
motionless, and toward the last his eyes
filled and he seemed ready to break down,
but he braced himself by a strong effort
and made no sign. After sentence had
been pronounced, Detective Gailaher and
Deputy Marshal Holbrook walked with
Jones to nis residence, where he took final
leave of his family. His wife and four
children, ranging from 4 to 9 years of age,
bade him farewell.
It was a very affecting scene, for all were
weeping bitterly— even the youngest, who
could not comprehend what it all meant,
cried with the rest from sympathy.
The officers then accompanied Jones to
Raycraft's livery stable, where Warden
Henderson was ready with a team and
Jones was driven to the State prison,
where he was dressed in a striped suit and.
began the life of a convict.
Elections in Paris.
PARIS, Fkanck, May 4.— Roturns from
the municipal elections held in Paris yes.
terday show the election of 20 Socialists,
15 Radicals, 11 Conservatives and 8 Pro
gressive Republicans. Twenty-six re.
ballots will be necessary.
Adigrat Is Relieved.
ROME. Italy, May 4.— A dispatch from
Massowah states that General Baldissera
has relieved Adigral, -which has been be
sieged for a considerable time by the
forces of King Meneles.AT THE CITY THEATERS.
Laughter Greets "The Strange
Adventures of Miss
Brown." .
*FATJST" IS AT THE COLUMBIA.
The "Chimes of Normandy" Seen at
the Tivoli— Minstrels at the
California.
It is safe to predict that audiences at
the Baldwin Theater this week will pre
sent a very different deportment from the
serious earnestness which marked them
during the Mausfield engagement. Last
night there were people who shook in
their chairs with merriment over the
whimsicalities of "The Sirange Adven
tures of Miss Brown," and the farce
comedy was acted all through to a run
ning accompaniment of laughter.
"Miss Brown" has a more coherent plot
than most plays of its kind, and the situa
tions are genuinely funny without being
vulgar. Eddie Foy, alias the guileless
Miss Brown, is a dashing youne officer in
a cavalry regiment, who runs away with
s ward in chancery and marries her,
aided and abetted by Major O'Gallagher
and Mrs. O'Gallagher.
It is only when the ceremony has been
performed that the conspirators realize
that to marry a ward in chancery without
the Lord Chamberlain's consent is an of
fense against tne laws, punishable by im
prisonment.
With visions of her husband being
dragged off to prison by a detective, who j
is on his trail, the bride consent* to return
to school, leaving everything to Mrs.
O'Gallagher to arrange.
That estimable although somewhat men
dacious lady causes the captain to be dis
guised as her niece and sends him to
boarding-school with his bride, intending I
that they shall escape the same evening to
Paris, where they would be beyond the
Lord Chamberlain's jurisdiction.
Eddie Foy in a crimson wig and an im
possible blue costume, with red stockings
and white gloves, had much to undergo at
school "as the new girl" and his attempts
at artlsssness were greeted with roars of
laughter by the audience. Occasionally
he forgot himself and spoke in a deep
bass voice. His whole behavior was most
distressingly unladylike, while his appear
ance incited the unkindest comment from
his fellow pupils.
When the attempt to escape came, both
the detective and an amorous music-mas
ter, who loved the bride himself, were
shocked mentally and wounded physically
by the muscular prowess of Miss Brown.
One of the best hits in the play is the
scene where Herr yon Mosier, the music
teacher, gives a recital of his woes in
eloquent but broken English: "I
haf sacrificed myself; I haf lost
my beauty; they haf cut off my
hair!" wails the wretched musician, who
has been battered out of all semblance to
a virtuoso in his conflict with the doughty
Miss Brown. He had tried to prevent the
bride's escape and Miss Brown came to the
rescue, but the principal pities the "poor
girl" and discharges the music-teacher,
who makes his exit in a burst of tears and
of injured indignation. The part was ex
cellently played by James E. Sullivan.
Eddie Foy was intensely funny as the j
terrible Miss Brown, his alternations of I
bread-and-butter simplicity and masculine
aggressiveness being especially well por
trayed. At the end of the last act he ap
peared again as the officer, forgiven and
accepted as Angelina's husband because
he had inherited an earldom.
Effie Dinsmore made a bright little
bride, and Lizzie Conwav was vivacious
and effective as Mrs. O'Gallagher. All the
schoolgirls looked well, especially Lita
Larkin and Page Newcomb, and the rest
of the cast was thoroughly satisfactory.
Colombia Theater.
Morrison's "Faust" company opened at the
Columbia Theater last night. The perform
ance was marked rather by zeal and energy
than by desire to give an ideal interpretation
of Goethe's work, but many of the spectacular
features were good, and there was no ques'lon
. Ing the energy and good will of the performers.
If "Faust" is looked upon as a mere melo
drama then the members of Morrison's com
pany shone last night as bright particular
stars. They posed, introduced "business" and
declaimed in a manner wnich proved hugely
satisfactory to the gallery, but the deep, under
lying significance of the great drama was not
brought out even faintly.
Olive Martin bad caught none of the sweet,
Innocent fragrance of Goethe's Gretchen. Her
Marguerite was a woman of the world playing
at simplicity, and in the jewel scene she intro
duced "business" which produced the laughter
It was evidently intended to provoke, but
laughter is out of place as an adjunct to Mar
guerite's garden, with the brooding tragedy
hanging over it.
Ulysses Davis was fairly effective but too
melodramatic aa Faust, and William L. Roberts
did not succeed in conveying more than a
mere surface impression of Mephisto. M. E.
Nichols somewhat over-acted the part of Val
entine. The minor characters were fairly well
acted and the nreworjes in the Brocken scene
quite brought down the house.
The Tivoli Opera-Honse.
It was a large audience that witnessed the
presentation of "The Chimes of Normandy"
The Bells of Corneville) at the Tivoli Opera-
Honse last night, and it was carried alone
from overture to close by the airs that have
been enjoyed by so many. The scenic effects
in this house are carefully studied. Among the
armorial bearings of the ancient chateau were
bhown the arms of Man (three legs) and the
Chinese dragon.
The opera is a most charming one, full of
vitality and Jun, and the members of the com
pany do full justice to the various characters
lor which they are cast. John J. Raflael as
Henri, Marquis de Corneville, was really good
He has an excellent voice, free from affecta
tion, and his actins is entitled to favorable
mention Kate Marchi as Serpolette, the good
for-nothing, did very well and sang in a pleas
ing manner.
Carrie Roma as Germaine, the lost Marcnoin
ess, was not so good, her singing being spoiled
by a tremolo. W. H. West made a good Baillie,
as he has a particularly clear voice. Martin
Fache as the fisherman and Fred Kavanagh as
the notary were also good. The soloists were
supported by a good chorus.
The Grand Opera-Honse.
For the first time in the history of the Grand
Opera-house the management undertook to
present to its patrons tragedy. Sheridan
Knowles' "Virginius" was on the bill, with Ed
mund Collier, an actor comparatively new to
Ban Francisco theater-goers, cast for the title
role. ' The most that can be said for Mr. Col
lier Is that he is a man of magnificent
physique and an easy presence, which carries
him through Ihe most trying scenes. His ges
tures are graceful and his voice clear
and sweet in ordinary lines. But when
pathoe or lire is required he drops
into a guttural intonation, which spoils an
otherwise clever piece of acting. Mr. Collier
is not in any sense a great actor, but he
is conscientious in what he does. Miss Leigh
made an excellent Virginia with the one ex
ception of an unaccountable stiffness in tha
lovers scone in the first act. The balance of
the support was all that Mr. Collier could have
expected.
The Orpheum.
John W. Ransome was the bright particular
star at the Orpheum last night. He appears in
the garb of Boss Croker of New York, and
during his act manages to get off several good
local political hit 6 . carr and Jordon appear
in operatic and dramatic burlesque,
i. Carr has a good voice, and his partner in fun
is a soubrette of the sprightly, airy order.
M he . other new i a "™ ctlon *of the week are
Morton and Mack Vlr sh comedians : Charlotte
Parry. Uh- Yieiti: .?! lllbcrt of America, and the
"Three Mghions" in a novel . act ,on hone-
Bhoe i rings _ At, a whole th programme at the
Orpheum this week is well up to the average.
The Alcazar,
There was more than a -first night" house
at Grover's Ajcazar to witness the production
of Byron's comedy, "Our Boys." The play is
one full of life, fun and ridiculous situations,
and tnose in the cast make the most of it.
Leonard Grover Jr. as Perkyn Middlewiek,
a retired butterman, showed Himself
fully equal to the required task of being
funny and ill-tempered at the most unexpected
times. Clyde Hess made a most dutiful and
earnest lover, while tde "Talbot Chapneys ' of
Lormier Johnson was a most exquisite bit ot
acting along the lines laid down in swelldom.
The support, including May Noble, Mrs. Fanny
Young and Nellie Young, was well up to the
standard. "Our Boys" should prove a strong
attraction to theater-goers during the present
week.
The Auditorium.
The exhibition of trained horses and ponies
is still drawing fair crowds at the Auditorium,
many ladies and children being attracted by
the clever feats of the equine performers. The
dimunitive donkey, on whose queer actions as
the clown of the* show depends much of its
interest, kept a good audience laughinc lait
evening, and kept all in good humor until the
military drill, which brings the performance
to a close, drew expressions of surprise and
admiration from those present.
The California,
Primrose & West's big minstrels, forty
white and thirty colored, was the attraction
at the California Theater last night. Like all
burnt-cork shows the entertainmcut was full
of ancient anecdotes and stories, but there
were some novelties and features decidedly new.
The singing was all up 10 date, the vocalists
tnemselves being of a very high order. The
musical trio, Howe. Wall Wilson and McLeod,
presented the best feature of the programme,
west's original production, "Tne Vanishing
Grenadiers" was a pleasing bit of autom atom
work, the lights and colors rendering the
various movements more effective.
Loring Club Concert.
The Loring Club gave the fourth and con
cluding concert of its nineteenth season last
evening. Odd Fellows' Hall wes crowded,
every seat being occupied, and still there were
people standing. The programme was an ex
cellent one, affording a most pleasing variety.
It consisted of the following:
Roundelay, "Awake Ye Lords and Ladies
Gay" (Rnei'nberger) ; "Sing, Sing, Music Was
Given, by request (Brewer); "Aye Maria"
(Abt); violin solo, "Two Hebrew Melodies"
(Joachim); Double chorus from "CEdipus"
(Mendelssohn) ; 'At Sea" (Buck) ; solo, "Heaven
Hath Shed a Tear" (Kucken): chorus of der
vishes, "Ruins of Athens" (Beethoven); "In
May Time" (Billeter); "Chorus 01 Spirits and
Hours" (Buck).
Several of the numbers were enthusiastically
encored. At the close of the concert M. P.
I Hughes, the director, was the recipient of con
gratulations upon the success of the series.
MAN AND MONEY MISSING
Was an Easy Mark for Bunko
Men and His Wife Fears
Foul Play.
Seifert, a Rustic, With $4000 on His
Person, Not Heard Of for
Four Days.
A man named Seifert, who arrived in
this City last week from Ohio with the in
tention of buying a small farm, has been
missing since early Friday morning, and
his wife is greatly worried, as she fears lie
has met with foul play.
Seifert had on his person $4000 in green
backs and a tine gold watch.
All his life he had lived in the country,
having been on a farm near Youngstown,
Ohio. He was not only a stranger to this
City, but was unused to city ways.
On his first arrival at the foot of Market
street the police were attracted to him by
the ease with which he fell a prey to a
horde of hotel runners. They warned
him to be cautious and asked him where
he wanted to go, but he assured them he
could take care of himself.
Thursday he called upon A. M. Speck in
the Crocker building to receive directions
how to reach a piece of property near
Kenwood, Sonoma County. He was fur
nished with the information and a list of
several small farms near that station, and
he wished to start at once. Mr. Speck ad
vised him, however, to wait until the next
morning, when he could take an early
train and get back the same day.
From his rustic appearance Mr. Speck
did not guess that be was possessed of so
much ready money, and was surprised to
iearn it when his wife called Saturday
and anxiously inquired if her husband
had been seen. She called again yester
day and was then very seriously alarmed
at her husband's unaccountable absence.
Seifert is described as a man about forty
years of age, of medium size and rather
fleshy. He has a sandy moustache, and
is of German extraction. When last seen
on Thursday he wore a dark sack coat.
So far the police have not been notified,
nor did Mr. Speck think to inquire where
the wife is staying.
ASSAILED BY A FANATIC.
Several Women Badly Frightened by a
Blonde Young Man.
A tall blonde young man of pleasing
appearance who has acquired the un
pleasant habit of leaping from doorways
and frightening women into a state bor
dering on hysterics is much wanted by
the police, and several shrewd detectives
nightly infest the south of Market district
in hopes of meeting him. The queer ac
tions of this unknown alarmist Have led
the police to believe that if ne were found
he might be forced to confess that he is the
much-needed strangler.
Early last Wednesday morning, as Ruby
Grant, a young variety actress, was about
to enter her home, at 789 Mission street,
the unknown blonde sprang from behind
a large sign and endeavored to grasp her.
She ran up the street, and several men
who were congregated on the corner of
Fourth and Mission streets went to her
assistance. Miss Grant explained the
cause of her fright, and one of the men
accompanied hereto her residence.
A few moments after this occurrence
Irene Gage, who i 3 also a variety actress,
was assailed in a like manner by the same
man directly in front oE Miss Grant's
house. Her screams, however, frightened
her assailant, and he ran down Mission
street and disappeared down an unire
quented alley.
Mrs. Pauli. who resides on Jessie street
a few doors above Fourth, came in for her
share of the fanatic's attention the follow
ing Sunday evening. She was coming
down Mission street, between Fourth and
Fifth, when a man answering the descrip
tion of the person who assailed the young
actresses sprang from a doorway directly
in front of her. He was again frightened
away by Mrs. Pauii's screams and has not
since been seen.
The case was reported to the police, but
so far they have been unable to find a
trace of the mysterious stranger.
Directors Before Court.
In the Supreme Court yesterday the case of
A. \V. Foster, charged with contempt for hav
ing refused to obey Judge Seawell's order di
recting liim to admit Sidney Bmith to the
meeting of the Donahue road directors, was
argued and submitted.
Smith sued to have it declared that he had
been elected a director of the San Francisco
and North l'acitic Railroad in place of Jesse
Lilienthal, the recognized director. Smith
was declared elected by the court, and the
president. A. W. Foster, was directed to admit
him to ihe meeting. Foster refused, on the
ground that his notice ot appeal acted as a
stay of proceedings, but Judge Seawell fined
him for contempt. In this form the case was
argued.
Iteataurant Employeg.
At the meeting of the Fraternity of Hotel
and Restaurant Employes last evening Theo
dore Lynch and Leon Brown were elected as
delegates to the Trades and Labor Alliance. It
wttb decided to request the ladies of the
woman's suffrage organizations and the ladies
in the socialist brancnes to assist in the work
of organizing the women employed in the res
taurants into a labor union for their general
advancement. The fraternity's committee on
organization of the woman's branch was en
larged and now consists of: Theodore Lynch,
Leon Brown, B. Krieger, Oswald Seifert, A.
Morris, Fred Morf, J. H. Lukschmitz, Thomas
Beresford and A. Watte.
THE SAM" FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
SAN MATEO A SPEEDY ONE
Headed the Crack Filly Fleur
de Lis Out in a Very
Fast Run.
TWO FAVOEITES TOOK COIN.
G. B. Morris Likes a Distance— Fair
Faith's Defeat Sent the Crowd
Home in Bad Humor.
The young Salvator colt San Mateo, who
is matched to cross swords with Ormonde's
prize son Orestes on Wednesday, scored
an impressive victory yesterday over the
crack filly Fleur de Lis. The two met in
the opening event of the day at four and a
half furlongs, with the filly giving the colt
ten pounds, which detracted somewhat
against his win. The betting on the pair
was very lively, Fleur de Lis being
backed down from evens to 7 to 10, while
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club's Winter Heeling;. Ingleside Track. Seventy, sixth day, Monday.
r flay 4, 1896. Weather fine. Track good.
I"I 24- * IRBT HACK— Four and a half furlongs; two- year-olds; penalties: allowances; purse (400.
Index, j Horse, weight. 8u 1/4
si.
M
% »A
12% 12Vfe
21 2 6
43 8 2
6 6 6 20
6 6
86 44
Mr.
Fin.
Jockeys.
Betting.
Op. ci.
(1112)l8an Mateo 113 1
1101 FleurdeLis. 120 2 . . .
1112 The Roman. 101 4
1118 Lady Hurst 100 5
Widow Jones 103 6
1112 TheKld 108 3
1 S
2 6
34
5
6
4
1% Pryc* 7-5 8-5
2 8 Shteds 9.10 7-10
36 W. Flynn. 10 15
420 Piggott 20 30
610 Johnson. 30 100
6 Giom 60 200
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner. W. S. Hobart's br. c, by Seivator-Irls. Time, :55%.
12^ bjecond R ACE— Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and up: allowances; purse 3400.
Index.
ndex. Horse, age, weight. St. 1/4 ] a *4 Str.
726 Bueno, 4 102 5 3U 3h 3h
1115 WmPlnkenon, 8. 97| 2 lh 2 IVi lh
1111 Walter J, 8 102 7 7 *\k\ 4 1
1115 Perhapa,3 97 1 22 lh 21
1117 Howard, 5 104 4 5h 6 2 6
1111 iKowalsky, 8 1001 « 6 14 6h 6 Vm
1107 Nerroso, 4 102 3 4Vg 7 7
F»n. Jockeys. r»^*" ln .?i -
lh Piggott ~6 2
2 4 Mclntyre» 8-6 S
8h McClaln 10 16
4 3 Johnson 20 40
6 2 McClaln. 10 12
6h KowaSsky 2 3
7 BnUer. 20 200
Starting-gate nsed.
Time, I :lsVi-
Won driving.
Winner, El Primero stable's blk. c, by Hidalgo-Bertie W.
1 1 2fi THIRu SACK— Six furlongs; selling: four-year-olds: conditions; purse $400.
Index. Bors*. weight. St. 14 ' 84 | Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. op*" ln <ji
1097 Senator 81and.... 106 3 4h 61 lh lh JMcClaln 4 7-2
1100 NicNac 101 2 2h 21 23 28 Snider 4 7
780 Peru 114 7 7 1 7^ 32 BVt |H. Martin 2 9-5
674 Free Win 109 4 lh 3h 41 46 iShepard 30 200
1102 jl.uerelia Borgia ..101 1 6Vi H 5h 6 i/fc W. Flynn 20 60
1092 Clara Johnson.... 101 9 9 9 9 6h Baker 100 150
1053 Hazard 106 6 8 1 6% 82 7 4 Macklln. 4 3
727 Trappean. 106 8 6y% 4h 7 4 82 Pigfott 30 60
1115 Sylvia. 101 6 8 2 lh 6 1 9 McTntyre 100 60
Starting-gate used.
Time. l:l6Vfc.
Won driving. Winner, W. D. Randall's eh. c., by Imp. Inverness- Wood Violet.
11 O7 FOURTH RACE— One and three-quarters miles: selling; three-year-olds
11—1. purse «400.
and upward;
Index. Horse, age, weight.
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. «i
(1113) G. B. Morris, 4. ..116 ~T 4~
1095 jThornhill, 6 114 4 23
1094 iLlttle Cripple, 6. .111 8 3h
1120 Urtjeus. 6. ..114 211 h
s-td. % *4 Btr. Fin. I Jockeys. o^'
4 4 3 i/a 35 lh Coady 1-2
lh 21 21 21 24 I Shields. .10
Bhlh 12 II I',1 ', 34 H. Martin. 4
■-■- 3y% 4 4 4 Piggott. 6
Jockeys.
! Betting.
I Op. Cl.
1-1
7
5
7
Starting-gate used. Won cleverly. Winner, E. Corrlgan's b. c, by Longfellow-Queen Beluga. Time,
3:06 V*-
"l 1 c^q FIFTH RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds anl upward; conditions; purse $400.
Index. I Horse, age, weight. I St. I
1099 Mirambo, 3 91 j 4
1120 Wawona,6.. 108 6
1001 Foremost, 4 104! 5
1053 {Seaside, ft 106 ( 3 .
1040 'May Day, 6 11l 2
1123 Idn'.Sauer. 4 102 1 ,
V* V* »i Str. Fin. Jockeys. ? tMl cL
8 h 5 2 414 3 2 1 h Frawley ~6 6
41 2h 2h 21 24 llcClam 3 16-6
6 -43 52 4V, 33 Macklln ....... 6-5 2
5h 6 « 63 43 Snider 10 8
2h 31 31 lb 66 Coady. 4.-3
12 1 1% IV* .-6 . --16- | Beau chain ..... 60 . 100
Starting-gate used.
Time, l:43Vi-
Won driving.
Winner, Ambrose A Miller's b. c, by El Rio Rev-Question.
1"J *}Ck SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and npward; conditions; purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight. f*t. 5 i
lUI Paros. 3 91 5 6 1
<90H)i Fair Faith. 4 1081 2 1 h
1113 Belle Boyd, 3 88! 6 4^
1114 Per»eus, 3 88 7 6i 3
(1116) Tiberius, 3 88 4 3 1
1116 Ip.Ful!ertnL«s,s.lo6 1 2h
1037 Dungarven, a.. ...11l 3 7 1
1027 Strathflower, 5. ..1061 8 8
V* %
~6~2 66 "
31 1 Vi
5 1 48
'ill 31
S* f*
7b 73
Str. Fin. Jockeys. op?"*"*'
5 3 lh Johnson 6 9
In 210 Shields 2 1
3h 31] H. Brown 8 6
4y, 4 2 Frawley 8 7
2b 5 4 I Butler 5 20
6 6 14) 'Bergen 4 20
8. ,70. Coady.. ; 8 26
7 8 |Pi«KOtt « 9
Btarting-gate used. Won driving.
Winner, J. Carroll's gr. c by .
Time, 1 .421/;;.
"THE CALL" RACING GUIDE.
To-day's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
]r r*e«A . where the torses have do record at the distance to be run the records at th* next nearest
distance are given. - ■ .
Abbreviations— F.. fait: Fa., fair: IT heavy: m.. mile: 1, furlong; *, about.
FIRST RACE— Nine-sixteenths of a mile
maiden two-year-olds.
Index. Kame.
1112 Viking
Horatio
Qtiantrell
Laura Burt
1112 Tortoise
1101 Dolce
1081 DTinboy
1124 Widow Jones...
1118 *Rachael
1034 JLode Star
1101 iHohenzollern ..
1118 jMariqulla
1118 IClaudlaT
Best
Lbs record. Dlst.
105 TTTTTTTT
108
108
10* ;;.
108
105
105 ;..
106
105
108
108
105
105
Mm Tk.
a. Wright.
Bohemian stable...
Nevada stable
A. B. Spreckels.
E. Powe
Pueblo stable
Lone stable
D. J. Tobln
E. Corrigan
F.I Primero stable ..
Elmwood stck farm
Atkin 4 Lottrldge..
G. Baron
Owner.
Herald-Hileena
Imp. Mtdlothian-Lurllne
El Rio Rpy-Addie O'Nell
Imp. Hallomas-Zuleika
Brown Fox-Turquoise
FUmbeau-imp. Janet N
Imp. I^oyallst-Spray
St. Andrew-Uattießall
Apache- Irene
Imp. Midlothian-Starling
Imp. Brutus-Brown Maria
El Rio Key-Aetelia
Flambeau-Precious
Pedigree.
* Formerly Irene filly.
SECOND RACE— Eleven-sixteenths of a mile: selling.
Index.
Name.
Lbs
Best
record. Cist.
Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1105 iMt. Roy 105 l:01Va 5t 106 F... Kranse A Co Kaustus-Mt. Cltv Belle
1107 Sands Forraan.. 1106 1 Almona stable. Alta-tharlotte "
302 |JoeCotlon 10511:08% 5V 2 f 129 F... J. C. Humphrey....! Winters-Cotton Nose
(1106)> Carnation. 88|l:10 5Va f 107;Fo. |A. B. Spreckeis. . . . . iFlambeau-lrap. Amelia
(1117)! Yankee Doodle. 103:1 :14V a 6f 107 F... Cambridge stable.. ! Prince Roynl-MRnzanlta
(1116) 1 ImpSauta Bella! 1051 1:01% 5f 105!F... W.O'BMacdonoughiSu Serf-Imp. Ma den Belle
(10&6) Ferrler 1251:141,4 6f 109 Fa. W. S. Hobart I Falsetto-imp. Cinderella
J043 Geo. Miller. 107 l:08V 4 M^ f 111 F... W. L. Stanfield Loftin-Emma
109 ft Bellicoso. 1221:15 6f 1121 Fa. Pueblo stable iPecl-lmp. Janet X
1125 Wm. Pinkerton 92 1 :15 i/ 2 ;6 f 97 F... Ik. C. Hlldretb Shannon-Fannie Lewis
t 993) Babe Murphy .. 1 100 ; 1:10 |6»/i f 98|H..!L. Ezell lE.Lawrence-PrincessGlenn
THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles: selling.
Index.
Name.
I Best
Lbsirecord. DIsU Lbs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
■WnV Jm iTVi: ?!? U'-.v,-; ■; E. Corrigan : LonKfellowl.eonora Morris
1102 I Miss Ruth 110!l:42i^ I m 94 F. . A.H.Martin iSobrante-Kuth
1102 Mcnlta 116 1:41^ lm 104 F. .M. Schwartz. |«t. Saviour-Nighthawlc
112(> All 5m0ke...... 110.. .... L. stephon-) Imp. silk Oown-Ordnance
1122 Imp. Candid.... 114 1:441/4 lm 98 H.. A. P.. Spreckels .... spVndor-Canary ance
1120 jTrix.. 1161:65 H 8 m 106 F. .F. Brown ; Freeniun-Annle L
Hi 2 lf, ncle , G i Ie * 119,1 :B4 li/gm 104 ! F. . Nevedastable EIRIoRey-Hetie Hnmphrey
1107 CaptalnSpencer 1161. .... j. McCillomgh Bramble- Daisy Hoer
}129 Fair Faith 12511:28 Vi 7f 102 F. .IA. G. Blakely. JUs Johnson-Bertie C
I ] 2 § 'jdaSauer "»;i:l9 »6 J 100 H..JG. L. Bell I Joe Hooker-Addle O'Xell
1116 ;Hy I)y. 116 1:41% 1 m 92 F. . J. H. Shields. Hyder Ali-Adale Warren
1039 Duke Stevens.. 119| O. Appleby 'Duke Norfolk-Edna X
(112U)Don Caesar 115 1 1:671.4 1 11^ m 104 Fa. lElmwood st'k farm Imp. Brutus-Bessie
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling.
I Best '
iDdex. Kame. Lbsj Record Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
(1104) hem Spray 107 I :29i^|7 f 98,i\T P. Riebenthaler.... Imp. Mariner-Maranette
1123 A1ver0. ........ 95; 1:17 6f 95 H.. S. C. Hildreth Gano-Lilllta
1108 Roy del Band'os 102 1 :'J9V 3 7 f 96. F... Lone stable Imp.True Briton-Em Collier
(1111) Summertime... 99 1:34 7 f 100' H .. El Primero stable.. Kltzjames-SprinKlike
(1099) [Jack Richelieu. 112|1:44 jlm 114 , U .. |J. Rogers Imp. Great, Toni-Envenom
Owner.
Pedigree.
FIFTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling.
Index.
1098 Joe Hill '..'.....1 106 1:018,4 5 1
1030 I Harry r.ewi5...!106 ....... :.;...;.
695 iLeonville 10tt 1:428, i i m
1100 iFavory 107 1:03^ 5f
1104 Model... 102:1:14%' 01
1084 Aff1atu5......... 90 1:1 *6 f
1107 1rma:...... 102 1:11 i 6i/i 1
1117 I Gallant ..;.:.. 107 1:32% 7f
1107 Ked Pike -92 1:09 I 5Vi 1
1104 O'Fleeta.. ....;. 104 1:09 ! 61* 1
765 Imp. Endymion 02 :55« 41/2*
1116 1 Oregon Eclipse.: 106 I:ISVi 6f
1094 Navy 81ue...... 1104 '1:1434! 6f
1102 I Belle Stonewall; 102 1:18 *t> f
Kame.
I Best I
Lbs record. I DisU
LbsjTk. Owner. Pedigree.
106JF.. Joe Hill Kingston-Lady Golden
— J Maddox Versailles-Cousin Kate
107 F..iArehtbßld*Lottr'ere Leonaius-Villette
104 Fa.iA. P. Miller John A-Lowena R
100 P.. California stable... limp. Sir Modred-Gypsy
JOVi H. W.D.Randall.... limp. Inverness-Affinity
104, H.. F. Brown I St. Saviour-Ella T
Ml H.. a. B. Spreckels. — jFellowcharm-J. Pelshaw
93 I\. U, Lind iGeor^e Kinney-Kntreaty
106 F.. J. M. Buckley j Harry O'Fallan-Fieeta
100 P.. A tkl r. <fc I.ottrldge.. Enterprise- Sapk-n tia
109 If. J. Robblns I Joe : Hooker-Lulu Rices
10a F.. J. <*. Rogers jßluu Wing- Bay Beiiv
100 U.. Niagara stable .|Bpendthrift-Miss Nailer
Pedigree.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; selling.
Index.
1097
1114
1113
.1117
1017
1104
110i>
1116
1117
1016
1129
Name.
Tonino
Instigator.
Scimitar
Levena C
[ Tobey
Tim Murphy...
Kicardo
Elmer F
Major Cook
Ad'puHpreckels
Strathflower —
Cadenza
Crawford
Hermanlta
Circe
Lbs record.
9'J ):MtiK
95,1: 17U,
05 1:15%
104 1:151*
lOt 1:10 '"
106:1:14
lOtt 1:16V4
106 1:151 4
104:1:13
951 :28%
1041 :16*4
9oi :
106 1:08
1021:16
XO3|I:UV4
Si/it
6f
«i
6f
6% t
6 t
«f .
(if
6 1.
71
61
Dlst.
Lbs Tk.
X 6 F...
118 H..
104 X..
105 F. .
100 Fa.
11l F..
105 JI..
104 F..
104 F...
101 1f...
103 |H. .
ibilF-'.
109 H..
88JF...
Alma Dale stable..
Kirn wood stock fm.
J. H. Shields.
(i. Oilman..
W. G. Hlnton
White & Clarke;::.
S. F. capp5.. ...:.:.,
Floodmore stable..
I.i vines ton stable..
E. Corrigan .......
C F. Panders
Pueblo stable.:.;.;.
Antrim stable
J. O. Follansbee....
Love stable.. .V./.r.
Owner.
P. H. Fenton-Lizzie B
Imp. Brutns-Installatlon
Imp. Eotben-Wyaudotte
Ansel-Miss Goodrich
Imp. Greenback- Una
W ildidle-Blue Bonnet
Portland-Fantasia
Bulwark-Sister to Violet
Isaac Jfur|jhy-.Ten. Tremcy
Strathmorc-Flower Meuth
Flambeau-Irish Lass
Apache-Emma LonaUeld
Fresno-Sis to Jim Douglass
Imp. Friar Tuck-Jessie A
Pedigree.
1116
1091
816
w
•6f
the supporters of the brown fellow were
able to get 17 to 10 around post time.
None of the other starters were considered
to have a chance for the long end of the
Eurse, which prediction proved correct,
an Mateo, quick to get away, opened up a
gap of three lengths on the favorite almost
as the barrier was raised. The leader
maintained this advantage gaiued until
about opposite the saddling paddock,
when he showed signs of faltering and the
filly crept up on him. Under Shields'
urging Fleur de Lis finished gamely, but
at the wire was beaten three parts of a
length by the extended San Mateo, in the
fast time of 55.V» seconds.
The crowd, which was numerically large
for the opening day of the week, was fairly
successful in landing on the winning
horses, thougn two heavily backed good
things, Peru and Fair Faith, about swept
away all proiit. Favorites reached the wire
first on but two occasions.
Trainer Ab Stemler had the black horse
Bueno primed up to a race, and when the
betting on the second race over six furlongs
began the 4 to 1 cnalked against him was
speedily played down to 2 to 1, making
him the post favoiite. Kowalsky and
William Pinkerton. both at threes, were
next in demand. Pinkerton made ail of
the running, but was beaten through the
stretch by the favorite, wtio came on from
third position, winning by a head in 1 HSU.
Walter J ran well, finishing a good third
at odds of 15 to 1.
A watermelon slicing was attempted in
the next race, also a six furlong run, with
Pe;u, who was played down by wise
money from threes to an 11 to 5 choice
over the other six starters. Ridden by H.
Martin he was badly messed about during
the running and finished third. In a hard
drive the second choice Senator Bland
beat the 8 to 1 shot Nic Nac a short head
on the post.
There were but four starters in the long
distance run over one mile and three
quarters, decided under selling conditions.
G. B. Morris was a warm 1 to 2 choice in
the betting and won with few pounds to
spare. Articus made the running for a
miie, when Martin Tvent out in front with
Little Cripple and led Thornhill into the
stretch the second time by a length.
Cripple soon cried quits and gave way to
Thornhill.
Coady, who had been trailing in the
rear with the odds-on choice, began mak
ing hi 3 move shortly before reaching the
stretch, and overtaking the bald-faced
chestnut about a furlong from the wire,
beat him out half a length in a mild drive,
coyerine the distance in 3:o6>£. Little
Cripple was a creditable third.
The Spreckels entry Foremost opened a
6to 5 choice for the fifth event, a mile
dash, but had not been out for some time
and receded to 2 to 1. The big play was
made on Lou White'a Wawona, who closed
at 16 to sin most of the books. The ti to 1
outsider Mirambo hooked up with
Wawona at the head of the stretch, when
it looked as though he held the balance of
the field safe, and in a drive to the stand
little Frawley on the overlooked one beat
the "pickled one" out a nose. The favorite
took third place.
The last race, also over a mile, will
linger long in the minds of the big bet
tors. Sam Hildreth's Fair Faith was
looked upon as an "airtight," and every
body unloaded at the short price of 6 to" 5
and evens. Shields got the cinchy one
away well, and heading Tiberius and
Belle Boyd down the backstretL.h, kept
his head in front of the pair until the
stretch was reached, when he began draw
ing away. He appeared to have the race
at his mercy, when Ike Johnson, on
Paros, spied an opening between the rail
and the leader, and slipping through cast
a shadow of gloom over the favorite's fol
lowers by passing the wire a neck to the
good in 1:42%.
TEACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS,
To-morrow will be "ladies' day." The
great match race between San Mateo and
Orestes will be the special attraction of
fered to the race-going public. The match
between the two royally bred youngsters
has aroused general interest tad will
undoubtedly be a very brisk betting affair.
The friends of Mr. Hobart's two-year-old
claim that be is of the stake class and will
win easily, while the partisans of Or
monde's son assert that it will be the iirst
time he has been seen under favorable
auspices and that if he shows up to private
form the race will be a cake-walk for him.
Difference of opinion always make good
betting.
Little Frawley rode an excellent race
astride the outsider Mirambo, clearly oat
finishing McClain on the "good thing"
Wawona at the end. The youngster is
very seldom seen up on a borse that fig
ures to have much of a chance, but when
the opportunity is offered generally ap
pears to good advantage. The win of
Mirambo would seem to cast some reflec
tion on the ride put up by Bozeman at the
Bay District and for which he was sus
pended for fifteen days by the judges.
However, in yesterday's race he was in at
a much lighter weigiit, so that his victory
could hardly be used to illustrate the fact
that Bozeman was guilty of performing
any feats of legerdemain when he piloted
the animal.
Free Will, a 300 to 1 shot, who started in
the third race, exhibited an alarming
quantity of speed to the head of the
stretch, when he began to show signs of
weariness, but finished a good fourth.
Peter Weber, the well-known horseman,
arrived at the track yesterday from Los
Angeles, bringing along four horses,
among them Jerome S and Reno. Charloy
and Joe Weber accompanied their father.
ASA FISKE'S GRATITUDE.
The Money Broker Escapes a
Serious Accident on Clay
Street
On Three Wheels Drawn by a Run
away He Never Lost His Pres^
ence of Mind.
Asa M. Fiske, the money broker, had a
serious runaway accident yesterday on
Clay street and miraculously escaped with
his life.
He was driving along Clay street, and
when between Montgomery and Sansome,
just opposite Leidesdorff street, his horse,
which was a rather spirited animal, took
fright and started to run away.
The thing occurred so suddenly that Mr.
Fiske lost all control over his maddened
steed and the buggy, coming in contact
with a wagon which was standing on the
side of the street, had ono of the front
wheels completely demoralised and Mr.
Fiske came near being thrown out oi the
vehicle.
With only three wheels left on the
buggy, the horse began to quicken his
flight, when C. Carson, who is employed
by H. Heckman at Washington and Davis
streets, rushed up and grabbed tie af
frighted animal by the bridle and brought
him to a standstill.
Bystanders lifted Fieke out of his buggy.
He was deathly pale from excitement, and
was taken into a commission house at
Clay and Sansome streets and given a glass
of water. He was very badly shaken up,
but came around all right after a little rest,
when he called the young fellow who had
saved his life and graciously offered him
two bits, or 25 cents.
The young fellow upon seeing the
amount that was offered him for his eal
lant rescue politely declined to take it.
The crowd commenced to laugh, and the
man, who counts his dollars as an ordi
nary man counts hid nickels, put the
money back into bis pocket and wended
his Way up the street, trying to find out
who scared his horse, and perhaps insti
gate a lawsuit.
* — «. — •
OLYMPIC ENTERTAINMENT.
The Boxing Festival Will Net the Club
a Handsome Sum.
The Olympic Club directors will meet
to-morrow evening and discuss the
finances of the late boxing tournament.
It was learned from private sources
yesterday that the club will realize about
$2800 from the fistic exhibition, which
sum will materially strengthen the treas
ury. It is doubtful if the club would suc
ceed as well financially by givxng an
entertainment of any kind other than that
of fisticuffs.
Boxing is evidently a popular sport in
this City, and judging from the number of
people who are endeavoring to procure
permits for boxing exhibitions, it is safe
to say that the pastime is at the present
time'the only line of athletic amusement
that will attract public attention and pat
ronage. The National Athletic Club has
secured a permit to give three entertain
ments for June, July and August.
A team of athletes from the Olympic
Club will leave this City in June for Port
land, Or. It will meet the athletes of the
Multnomah Athletic Club in a series of all
aronnd games, which will include track
and held events.
Five Years for Ferrer.
M. J. Ferrer, formerly bookkeeper iorßrinker
&Co., has been sentenced to tive years'im
prisonment for forgery. He forged the name
of Hooker & Co. to a $125 check and then paid
a bill for $25 with it, keeping the change. He
made a long plea for mercy, saying he was
driven to his crime by poverty. His sentence
is considered a light one.
The Brooklyn bridge is 278 feet above
the river.
MERCUR'S 000 MINE,
Joseph R. Walker Says It Has
Ten Millions of Ore
in Sight.
FOUND IN PORPHYEY-GANGUE.
A Curious District Which He Thinks
Will Surpass the Comstock
and Others.
"I can tell you of a mine," said Joseph
R. Walker, the millionaire of Salt Lake,
yesterday at the Occidental, "that is one
of the wonders of the age. It is one of
the most wonderful things on the Ameri
can continent.
•'lt is the new Golden Gate mine at Mer
cur, Utah, fifty miles from Salt Lake. It
has nearly $10,000,000 in sight. It has a
body of ore 1400 feet long, from 700 to 800
feet wide and 30 feet thick.
"The whole body averages from $30 to
$40 a ton. The mine has a shale hanging
wall. As to the footwali lam not certain,
but think it is a kind of quartzite.
"The ore is umque, and I know nothing
like it in this country, or anywhere. The
gold is found in a kind of porphyritic
gangue. The ore can only be worked by
the cyanide or cyanogen process.
"J. X . de La Mar, the noted mine owner
of Idaho, Colorado and Nevada, bought
this mine about eighteen months ago, and
evidently has an immense bonanza in it.
He is only developing it now and has 75
or 100 men at work.
"It is such a strange country about
there. The ore is found eight miles in
length by two miles in width in some
places. That is enormous.
"There are several other mines in this
new district, some of them big, also. The
Mercur mine is employine from 100 to 200
men, and must be working about 200 tons
of ore a day. This was the first mine
opened there.
"There are other mines that are produc
ing also and have got mills running.
Among these are the Geyser, Marion and
Sunrise, and they are very active. Be
sides these there is the Little Wonder, the
Old Grover and the Golden Gate Exten
sion. I suppose there are at least two
score other properties that are being
actively worked.
"We have a double daily train from Salt
Lake to the mines. Hundreds of men go
out every day and come back at night.
The actual ret>ident population of the
Mercur district I suppose at present is not
over 2000.
"It is said that this peculiar ore has been
found for forty miles outside of Mercur.
I believe the district will be one of the big
gest in the world— bigger than the Corn
stock and bigger than almost anything we
have heard ot in ancient or modern times.
"It is singular how a rich district will
be overlooked. I took a supply of goods
to old Camp Floyd, seven miles from the
site of this immense mine, at the time
Johnson's army wintered there. I and
my brother also built the first quartz mill
in Utah in 1872, at a point scarc-'ly more
than four miles from where the Golden
Gate mine is now."
NEW BRANCH LIBRARY.
The Elevator in the Main Library to Be
Up in August.
"The crowded district in the southeast
ern part of the City is to have a branch of
the Free Public Library," said Librarian
Clark yesterday. "It will be located on
the north side of Harrison street, corner of
Ritch. There are many people in that
part of the City who want books, and as it
is quite a distance from the main library
it has been decided to open this one. It
will be similar to the other branches in
the City and will be in operation about the
middle of the month."
On the 26th of tne current month the :
bids for the constructing of an elevator in i
the City riall for the use of the patrons of
the main Free Library wiil be opened, and
A man likes to feel so strong, so full of pent-up vitality, that
he could cope -with anything that comes before him. He likes to
know that when he is put to the test in a matter of manly power
he is equal to the demand. It is ; the commendable desire of
every man to be the equal of his fellow-man.
This strength is simply one element ; it is not alone mus-
cular power, nerve power nor mental strength. It combines all
in one. It is vital foree — foundation of all human power ; it
is the element of all organic, nerve, muscular and mental energy
— it is Electricity. '
Men who are lacking in this element can recover it. They
can be strong, as many other men have been and are. They can
renew their vital energies with
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. b
FRANCIS & VALENTINE, .
Printers and Lithograpners.
517 Clay street. . SAN FRANCISCO, February »>, 1896/
DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I want you to know what your Electric Belt has done for
me, and you can publish it if yon want to, as I believe in letting people know of a good thing.
I have been a sufferer from sciattca for five years or more, and was pretty badly done up at
times. When I would stoop over I would not be able to get up again without great pain, and
Buffered a great deal from it. 1 got relief in two days by using the Belt and my. back is now as
well as ever. It had a wonderful effect on my sleep also. . Before using it I could rarely sleep
more than four hours during the night, bat 1 can now sleep eight hours soundly, and wake up
in the morning feeling entirely refreshed. It is certainly a great thing, and people who need
It ought to know of its value. I wouldn't part with mine for any consideration. :■ •'
, • . ;-■, Yours truly, , ./^S. D. VALENTINE.
There are so many grateful men, who. speak of Dr. Sariden'a
Electric Belt that it is not necessary- any more to give names of
people cured, but hundreds of them, and some very valuable in-
formation on the subject, can be found in the little book, "Three
Classes of Men." . Get it free on application or by mail, sealed.
If possible call and examine the Belt and. consult a physician of
thirty years' practice.
s^ivriJEisr EIjECTRIC CO.,
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.,
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. M.; Sunday a, 10 to 1.
OFFICES A.T
LOS ANGELES. C AX. I ' PORTLAND, OR.
204 South Broadway. • 1' • 255 Washington street. ■
I soon thereafter the award wiil be made.
It is probable that by the latter pert of
I August the people who now have to climb
long, tiresome stairs will be able to reach
the library floor without fatigue.
WANTS A DIVORCE.
Supervisor Benjamiu Files n Suit After
Nine Tears of Sepa
ration.
Supervisor Benjamin has filed suit for
divorce from his wife. The parties have
not been living together for nine years.
i They have two children, both of whom
! are of age. and the divorce proceedings are
begun as a means of effecting a proper and
legal settlement of property rights of all
parties, says Benjamin's attorney, General
Dickinson.
The complaint sets forth desertion as
the only reason for the petition. Mrs. Ben
jamin lives at Redwood City.
•—•• — •> — ♦ ,
HAS LA GRIPPE.
: Warden Hale of San «)uentin in Very
Poor Health.
Warden Hale of San Quentin Prison is
I suffering from a severe attack of la grippe.
I This, with the worry and responsibility of
I conducting the institution of which he
j is the head, has told upon his constitution
1 to such an extent that it may be possible
he will ask the Prison Directors at the
meeting next Saturday for a two months'
leave of absence.
His friends have recommended a trip to
Alaska or Honolulu in the hope that a
change of climate and a release from care
and worry would prove beneficial.
•—• — ♦ — * — .
Cited to Appear.
Judge Seawell has cited the directors of the
People's Home Bank to appear and show cause
why- they should not be discharged from their
position. This order was issuad in pursuance
of an affidavit of the California Safe Deposit,
and Trust Company and W. H. Knight, filed
some time ago, alleging mismanagement on
the part of the directors.
MRS. A. McANDREWS,
971 Chester Street.
pHESTER STREET IS PART OF THE
residence portion of Oakland, and 971
is the number of the house in which live§
an attractive and goodly woman whose
name is Mrs. McAndrews. It was my for-
tune to rind the lady home, and she as-
sured me she was glad to speak a few words
in favor of Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla,
because, said she, "it did me so much good.
You can't tell how glad I am that I took
this remedy, How it was? Well, a friend
of mme — a lady— vised Joy's Vegetable
Sarsaparilla because she was sick. She
i complained so much of sick headaches and
a yeliow skin. She was always praying for
some good medicine that wasn't nasty to
take — something that waa pleasing — some-
thing that really did some good. She used
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla and gained
ten pounds. Her face was as clear and as
nice as one could wish; no pimples ever
appeared. Well, she got me to use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsapariiia, and I am glad I did
use it. I can safely recommend this veg-
etable preparation to any one who is all
run down."
56
CHARLES M. 'SHORTRIDQB,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily »nd Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.10
Dally arid Sunday Call, one year, by mall 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mall 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Sunday Call, one year, by mail- 1.60
Wkmcly Call, one year, by mall 1.60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
_ Are you going to the country on a vacation ? ' If
to, It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Order* given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
KO KXTKA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
Ban Francisco, California.
phone Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street,
telephone Main— lß74
BRANCH OFFICES: '
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
|:S0 o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
718 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
fc\V. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; opes
intll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 MuUi street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE
908 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE t
looms SI and 32, 34 Park How, New York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special A Kent.
TUESDAY ..1......... MAY 5, 1898
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Free silver is the cry.
Put California to the front.
We are for measures and not men.
Protection is safe. We must now save
silver.
«
All the music in the air will end in har
mony.
To-day the convention meets the oppor
tunity. _^^_^___
Great principles are the first thing in
politics.
The one pledge should be fidelity to free
silver coinage.
Better have cabinet pudding any day
than cold soup.
Hippodrome politics makes a great deal
of noise but it never wins.
California at St. Louis should stand for
measures more than for men.
There are conventions, congresses and
festivals all around tbe horizon.
The California grizzly should not be sent
to St. Louis with his head in a bag.
Now is the time for the Republican party
to dump Martin Kelly into the dust bin.
Tbe woman's suffrage movement should
march with the Republican campaign to
victory.
California Republicanism is too big to
be tied to the tail of any candidate's Presi
dential kite.
California Republicans should be guilty
of no favoritism among the great leaders
of the party.
It will be poor politics to sacrifice the
interests of California in order to obtain a
Cabinet office for Oregon.
Read all the proceedings of the Woman's
Congress. Every step to be taken there
concerns the public welfare.
The man for California to support at St.
Louis is the man who will do most to sup
port the interest of California.
The Sacramento convention could hardly
get a better money plank than that pro
posed by the Sacramento Bee.
California holds to-day a winning posi
tion among the States and the Sacramento
convention must not give it away.
The idea of pledging a delegation to a
particular man is a localism that should
have no place in National politics.
Democrats who are eager to see the Re-
. publican convention take a leap in tbe
dark are going to be disappointed again.
On the broad principle of loyalty to all
and hostility to none, California will merit
the favor of every candidate at 6t» Louis.
There will be no cut ard dried nomina
tion at St. Louis, and there should be no
cut and dried indorsement at Sacramento.
Claiming everything in sight wL'l be
good politics when counting chickens be
fore they are hatched becomes good busi
ness.
As a State we are interested in advancing
California to a place of power in the Union
and not in the political fortunes of any
favorite son.
There is much interest in the Sacramento
convention, but no anxiety, as the people
know that Republican conventions always
do the proper thing.
No loyal Republican ought at this junc
ture to countenance any cause that implies
antagonism to any of the great leaders of
the Republican party.
The financial plank of the convention
should declare explicitly for free coinage
and the delegates sent to St. Louis should
be pledged to sustain it. •
The intelligent people of this State
learned too much from boom methods of
doing business to take any stock in boom
methods of doing politics.
By the exercise of political common
sense the Sacramento convention can as
sure the cause of bimetallism and obtain a
Cabinet office for California.
The St. Louis convention will be a delib
erative body and the California delegation
should be free to act for the welfare of the
Pacific Coast in all issues that arise.
The State convention at Sacramento, the
Woman's Congress in this City and the
rose carnival in San Jose will keep every
thing on the jump to the end of the week.
Whatever candidate is nominated at
gt. Louis will carry California, and there
is no need for the State Convention to try
to forestall the action of the National Con
vention.
The Call is Repubiican in season and
out of season and stands up for silver, for
that reason it urges a strong untiammeled
delegation to tight for California and free
coinage at the Republican National Con
vention.
THE DELEGATION.
A National convention should always" be
a deliberative body. The delegates from
every State should go with hands and
voice free. To go otherwise is to deprive
them of influence. To pledge a delegation
in advance to do certain and only certain
things is to practically eliminate it from
the deliberations of the convention, be
cause the bounds of its power and influ
ence are already fixed and determined, and
it is not invited to participate in other du
ties, the fruit of which is a platform and
the selection of a standard-bearer. A
pledged delegation must do exactly what
it is bidden to do by its constituency, how
ever much circumstances may subse
quently make its freedom to take advan
tage of unforeseen conditions of vital im
portance to its constituents.
There never was a National convention
that conducted all of its business upon
lines and by rules laid out and established
in advance. When men from every com
munity meet to devise ways and means to
accomplish a given purpose, those 'and
only those who are free to agree, disagree
and finally harmonize differences are
looked to or invited to lead. A pledged
man is in honor bonnd to stand immova
ble upon his instructions, even if he sees
that it is the very worst thing he could do
for his own State or community.
But pledging delegates in advance to ad
here rigidly to instructions is something
quite new in party life in this country.
Until a few years ago delegates met in
convention to compare notes and listen to
appeals from the several sections of the
country for this or that policy. By that
method the needs and wishes of every
State were made known to every other
State, when a platform could be so devised
as to give each State the fullest possible
protection, encouragement and considera
tion. In those days a platform declaring
what the party would do if given the con
trol of the machinery of the Government
was considered to be the highest and most
important duty of the convention. After
that was done the convention would select
a standard-bearer to lead the party to vic
tory, but never was the standard-bearer
considered bigger than the party and the
party's declaration of principles. Until
recently the leaders of the Republican
party would not agree that any man was
absolutely necessary to the party, but they
did insist that the party was necessary to
all the people of the country.
One need do no more than look over the
figures which thus far stand for States that
are pledged to men rather than principles
to be convinced that the unpledged will
not only hold the balance of power at St.
Louis, but that they will be in position to
successfully demand extraordinary ad
vantages for their States when it comes to
formulating a declaration of principles for
the party to indorse at the November elec
tion. Thus far no one candidate has se
cured enough pledges to claim the nomi
nation, Dor will any one, but enough is
fcnown to satisfy every observer of events
that the unpledged delegates will have it
in their power to combine and not only
decide the nomination, but to see that
their respective local interests are fortihed
at every point.
No delegate from any State need to be
pledged to hold steadfast to the underly
ing principles of the Republican party,
for from the highest to the lowest member
every member of the party is always loyal
to them. The principles of the Republican
party declare tirst, last and all the time for
the betterment of all the people, but how
these principles are to be applied during
the next administration is a question of
interest to every locality. This is a fact
without room for dispute, but it stands to
reason that only such delegates as can
face the convention free and clear of the
entanglements that must necessarily hedge
about those who are pledged to the for
tunes of this or that man, and demand
that the good of their constituents be con
sidered, will carry enough influence to
shape the work of the convention. But
aside from all that, to pledge a delegation
to anything except to the eeneral good of
the party is always a political blunder.
The records of both the great parties in
tba last few years prove this fact clearly
and distinctly.
THE EASTEEN OUTLOOK.
All reports that come to us from politi
cal authorities in the East show how im
possible it is at this time to make anything
like an accurate forecast of what will be
done by the St. Louis convention. Men
who from their positions in the party are
able to obtain the fullest information and
who from their long experience and their
political sagacity are best titted to ap
praise such information at its true value
differ widely in their conclusions. The
wisest among them do not pretend to
prophesy the result and content them
selves with a statement of facts showing
that any prophecy at this time would be
futile and foolish.
The fullest summary of the situation
basttd upon information derived from high
authorities which has yet been published
was that contained in Thb Call of yester
day. There were elaborate statements,
with detailed tables in several instances,
from J. 8. Clarkson, Thomas C. Platt,
Manly of Maine and Grosvenor of Ohio.
The estimates varied from that of Grosve
nor, who claima for McKinley 495 votes
already elected, to that of Manly.who con
cedes to the Ohio champion only 275 votes
insight. Of these two differing estimates
it seems clear that of Manly is the more
nearly correct, inasmuch as it is supported
by the nearly concurrent estimates of Platt
and Clarkson, while that of Gro3venor is
entirely unsupported and, morever, ac
cording to his own statement, is based
upon claims to several delegations whose
seats will be contested.
As the situation stands to-day it is cer
tain no candidate will have a majority on
the first ballot at St. Louis. That is the
only fact which can be foreseen at this
time. According to the table given by
Clarkaon there will be 918 delegates in tbe
convention, of whom 136 have not yet been
elected. Of those elected 298 are for Mc-
Kinley, 403 for other candidates, and in 81
instances there are contests. It ia not likely
that the delegates to be elected will ma
terially alter the proportionate strength of
the various candidates. As a result there
will be prolonged balloting at St. Louis.
This is a good year for California to send
an uninstructed delegation and a strong
one at that.
A SILVER PLANK.
The Sacramento Bee has wisely urged
that the Republican State Convention
adopt a free silver platform and send dele
gates to St. Louis pledged to its support
and to the support of tbe Presidential
candidate who will indorse it. This is a
straightforward and simple proposition,
and as it embodies the true sentiment of
California and the Pacific Coast and will
protect one of the greatest interests of the
West the Republican State Convention
cannot afford to ignore it. To run any
risk of turning the West over to the mercy
of the enemies of silver will be to commit
a grave blunder. It is not alone the wel
fare of California that is involved. The
superior number of delegates which this
State will bend to the National Convention
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
gives it a power greater than that of any
other Pacific Coast State, and this fact
invests the Republicans of California with
a very grave responsibility extending far
beyond tbe borders of the State.
A pledge of this kind would give the Cal
fornia delegation extraordinary power at
St. Louis. It would be a notice to all the
friends of silver in the convention that
they know where to find unflinching sup
port, and would weaken the right of the
gold monometallists and simplify the task
of bringing them to xerras. It would be
an expression of Western determination
to see that Western ideas and interests are
respected, and hence, in a secondary sense,
would strengthen all the demands that
California is prepared to make. These are
numerous, urgent and vital. To present a
united front on the proposition of free
silver coinage would open the eyes of the
country to the importance of tbe West,
both in politics and wealth of natural re
sources.
There is nothing in such a course op
posed to Republicanism. The last two
National platforms of the party declared
for bimetallism. The last two State plat
forms prior to Presidential elections de
clared for the free coinage of silver. More
over, no President has ever been elected
on a gold platform. Free coinage is Na
tional. Monometallism is sectional.
The Bee deserves congratulations for
this patriotic suggestion. Unquestionably
the prosperity of the West is linked with
silver, and tbe responsibility rests upon
the Sacramento Convention to give it the
hearty support of the Kepublicans of Cali
fornia. Now is the time for the party in
the West to assert itself and throw its
forces with the great Eastern movement
to remonetize silver.
NO NEW EXPERIMENT.
In giving every help its influence may
command to promote the campaign for
suffrage in California, The Call is not
urging upon the people the undertaking
of any new and untried experiment. The
issue has beeu before the American people
in one form or another for more than a
generation. It has been tested again and
again in t different States under a great
variety of conditions, and the results of
these tests are matters of common knowl
edge. Wherever limited suffrage has
been given to women experience has
strengthened public sentiment in favor of
extending it. Wherever full suffrage has
been granted experience has justified the
venture and made it a matter of pride to
the community where it exists.
It is a matter of gratification that in this
great reform xnovemeut the West has led
the East. While the older States have
hesitated in their slowly stagnating con
servatism, the younger West has gone for
ward toward the full realization of a State
whose people have an equal voice in the
government. Wherever that equal voice
has been given to women as to men there
has been a distinct improvement, not in
politics only but in the whole social
structure. Those who prophesied evil re
suits to the home, to society and to poli
tics have seen their predictions refuted by
the unanswerable logic of accomplished
facts, and those who foretold good things
have been rejoiced by the attainment of
even better than they predicted.
We do not have to go to far countries to
find illustrations of what woman suffrage
accomplishes. Our own Bister common
wealth of Wyoming furnishes us with the
example and contributes also the moral to
be drawn from it. Her Legislature in
1893 declared :
The possession and exercise of suffrage by
the women 1n Wyoming for the past quarter of
a century has wrought no harm and has done
great good in many ways: it has largely aided
in banishing crime, pauperism and vice from
this State, and that without any violent or op
pressive legislation; it has secured peaceful
and orderly elections, good government and a
remarkable degree of civilization and public
order; and we point with pride to the fact that
after nearly twenty-five years of voman suf
frage not one county in Wyoming has a poor
house; that our jails are almost empty, and
crime, except that by strangers in the State, is
almost unknown; and, as the result of experi
ence, we urge every civilized community on
the earth to enfranchise Its women without
delay.
Testimony equally clear, strong and
convincing could be given from every
other State in the Union that has made
the experiment. Nor is it our own coun
try only that has pone forward in this move
ment and can bear witness concerning it.
The entire English-speaking world, from
old England to New Zealand, has felt the
impulse toward the accomplishment of
this nnaMulfillment of universal suffrage.
California can safely trust herself to this
great, world-wide, liberal movement with
out tear. She should be in the van of
progress. Let her then be the next State
to establish this true equality of govern
ment and law.
CONDITION OF FRUIT.
Owing to the fact that the fruit crop of
California for the current season has been
sufficiently affected by unwonted climatic
conditions to cause a difference of opinion
regarding the extent of damage done, it is
advisable to give the exact status of the
matter. Tbe assertions of some Eastern
newspapers that our orchardists have met
with disasters approaching a total failure
of the fruit crop is unreasonable and in
correct. The fctate has experienced un
seasonable frosts, and while the results
have been disastrous in certain places the
geneial result has not proved as bad as
even the most alarmed of our own people
had feared.
The frosts in the early days of March
were unexpected and grave predictions
were made regarding the result. But the
only marked injury ascertainable was on
the east side of the Sacramento Valley,
north of Biggs, and in the extreme upper
end of the San Joaquin Valley. In those
sections serious injury was suffered by
almonds ana apricots.
The frosts of April were mon, general
and did injury in all sections of the State
except some parts of Southern California.
While this damage covered a very wide
extent of territory, it was severe in but
very few localities. Extreme harm was
suffered only by early crops of the tender
est nature planted on bottom lands where
"frost ponds" exist and air currents are
prevented by the local configuration.
While the frosts of April Hi and 17 did
sufficient injury to the grapes of the
Fresno region to be clearly visible, it was
soon discovered that only the tenderest
shoots were affected and that tbe damage
s less than at first appeared. The damage
to fruits in the San Joaquin Valley was
scattered, and while grapes suffered con
siderable the general harm to all fruits
was not serious.
The frost of Sunday night, April 19,
was very severe in Sonoma and Petaluma
counties and did some injury along the
west side of the Sacramento Valley. Al
though many orchardista and vineyardists
in Sonoma report their crops practically
ruined, a study of the entire county shows
most of the orchards and vineyards are
situated on hillsides above the frost level,
and that they never showed a brighter
prospect than at present The rain in the
latter part of April did much good, en
abling tbe injured sections to recuperate to
a considerable extent and bringing great
benefit to the section which had not been
visited by frost, besides proving richly
beneficial to hay, grain and pastures.
In short, as Thk Call has hitherto
pointed out, the extraordinary diversity
of crops, situations and climates in Cali
fornia makes it practically impossible that
any untoward climatic visitation should
work anything like general harm, and
under any circumstances the State is
bound to have a good average of crops.
THE CANAL NECESSARY.
California is more deeply concerned over
the Nicaragua canal than any other State
of the Union. No other State has so
grievously felt the burdens of monopoly
in transportation, and no transportation
companies in the country have been so
arrogant and have fattened so prodigiously
as those which have dominated the indus
tries of this State. No other State pro
duces valuable articles of consumption
that are procurable elsewhere only in for
eign countries. No other State is in a po
sition by reason of unique advantages to
reap splendid benefits from a wise Na
tional policy. The Nicaragua canal, aided
and controlled by the Government, would
break the monopoly which now assists in
hampering the settlement and checking
the prosperity of California. More than
that, it would open up the whole Euro
pean market to our products, and that
would mean an unlimited demand.
California is now in a position to de
mand of the Republican National party
that it support the Nicaragua canal pro
ject. Such a demand, however, would be
utterly ineffective if the California delega
tion to the National Convention goes
pledged to any Presidential candidate and
be ready to be pocketed and forgotten by
him. If the delegates take that position
of independence so becoming in intelli
gent men and so indicative of their appre
ciation of opportunity and duty they will
go unpledged and able to demand that
California's desire for the Nicaragua canal
be granted.
Republicans of California expect the
Sacramento convention to put forth a
strong platform of principles emphasizing
the importance of Western interests and to
send to St. Louis a strong delegation of
able men known to be advocates of the
principles of the platform, in order that
they may be advanced and honored at the
National Convention.
The Senators are not as eager for an
early adjournment as the members of the
House. They like to talk pretty well at
all times, but chiefly do they lilac to talk
in the Senate itself and have all their
words printed at the expense of the Gov
ernment.
No man can foresee what will be the
situation when the Republican convention
meet 3at St Louis, but it is certain that
delegates who go there unpledged will
determine who is to be the next President
of the United States.
It is about time the parsimonious Demo
crats of the Senate were reminded that this
is a billion-dollar country, and the vast
needs of its immense energies cannot be
cut down to fit the petty revenues of the
Wilson tariff.
PERSONAL.
Dr. J. A. Glass of Paso Robles is here.
George Henry of Idaho is at the Occidental.
A. Weill of Mexico is in town for a few days'
stay.
C. G. Betts, the mining mau. of Spokane, is at
the Lick.
R. C. Miner, an attorney of Stockton, is at
the Lick.
F. C. Lusk, the attorney, of Chico, is on a
visit here.
The Rev. F. Miller of Bakersfleld is at the
Occidental. •
The Rev. S. McGowan of Fresno Flats is a
visitor here.
D. P. Durst of Wheatland came down to tho
City last night.
F. C. Lumby, a business man of Los Angeles,
is in the City.
J. C. Silversteln, a merchant of St. Helena,
is at the Russ.
E. A. Aggeler of Ferndale is registered at the
Cosmopolitan.
L. M. Keiser, the merchant, of San Luis
Obispo, is in town.
A. M. yon Merkhoff of Austria is among the
recent arrivals here.
L. T. Hatfield.the ettorney, of Sacramento,
arrived here yesterday.
A. Rubstein. a general merchant of Fresno,
arrived here yesterday.
O. P. Moore, a general merchandise dealer of
Pleasanton. is at the Russ.
J. C. Hall and family of Atlanta, Ga., are
staying at the Cosmopolitan.
Warner M. John, editor of the San Luis
ObUpo Tribune, is at the Grand.
Among the arrivals at the Lick yesterday
was Captain N. E. Boy eft of Sonoma.
George H. Fancher, president of the Bank of
Merced at Mercsd, is here on a brief visit.
Colonel John Hradbury was among the ar
rivals at the Palaoe. Mrs. Bradbury is with
him.
Among the arrivals here last night was R. M.
Bhackelford, the proprietor of Paso Robles
Springs.
O. ¥. Pax ton, an attorney of Portland, and
one of tho political bosses in that city, is at
Him Palace.
J. D. Dowell. a fruit-grower, with a ranch
near Sonoma City, Is at the Russ, accompanied
by Mrs. Dowell.
Ex-Governor Lionel A. Sheldon of New Mex
ico is here from Pasadena, his home since his
term of office expired.
F. A. Manrlco and wife and A. G. Rivera and
wife, delegates from Los Angeles to the Grand
Court of Foresters, are guests at the Cosmo
politan Hotel.
E. O. Mayfleld, editor of the Omaha World-
Herald, is in the City on a pleasure trip. He
will leave to-day for San Diego, where he will
remain a short time and then proceed home.
Ex-Judge Richard Rising, who for many
years presided over the District Court at Vir
ginia City, Nev., left for a visit to South Africa
by the last Australian steamer. He is accom
panied by his daughter, Mrs. Vail.
George C. Beckley, one of the directors of the
Wilder Steamship Company, Honolulu, has
written Major Hooper of the Occidental, say
ing the crater of Mauna Loa broke out on Mon
day, April 21, at 1 p. m., and was very active.
Among the delegates bound to the Republi
can State Convention at Sacramento are the
following from Humboldt County, who are at
the Russ: E. B. Barnum Jr., Bridgevllle; F. R.
Horel. Arcata; W. Wallace, Eureka, and John
Dlusmore, Grizzly Bluff.
8. F. Thorn, president of the California Hotel
Association, yesterday receivea this dispatch
from H. B. Bohn, president of the Chicago
Hotel Association : "The Chicago special train
reached home at 7 this morning, with all on
board well and happy. A 8 manager for our
delegation i desire to wire this last aaieu and to
express once more our heartfelt thanks for the
magnificent courtesies bestowed on us."
E. Hoppock, agent Standard Oil Company at
Frerao, and chief ranger of Fresno County of
Foresters, and his friend, £. L. Sherman, chief
ranger of Hanford Court of Foresters at Han
ford, Kings County, are staying with their
friend, Major William Fahey, proprietor of the
Cosmopolitan Hotel, and being delegates to the
Grand Court of Foresters at Watsonville, leave
for that place this evening on a special train.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 4.— At the Gilsey,
Miss Bowen; Broadway Central, J. Franklin;
Sinclair, W. Gunson; Park Avenue, E. B.
Rombe. Balled per steamship Spree for Bremen
and Southampton: Mls« Marie Holtx, George
Quentin. Mrs. W. D. Kchmidt and child and M.
Keuehler.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
H. G. Trowbridge, a noted well-borer, who has
been for some months past at Singapore and in
Java, is at the Occidental.
Mr. Trowbridge formerly 6unk some deep
wells at>Luckno*. India, and on the island of
Curacoa, one of the Dutch West Indies, forty
miles off the coast of Venezuela, in the Carib
bean Sea.
He has been probing into the earth both for
oil and water. In all cases when the latter
was the object the borings have been for arte
sian wells.
Mr. Trowbridge, who arrived on the Doric, is
just waiting for a telegram to see whether he
will go to Peru or not He has been boring
wells in many strange parts of the globe. He
wanted to take a look at Los Angeles, where
there is now so large a product of oil, but does
not know that he will have time.
"I was boring for an English company in
H. G. Trowbridge, Who Is Trying to Discover the Hidden Mysteries of the Earth,
[.Sketched from life by a "CalC artist.}
Java," said Mr. Trowbridge. "They had two
concessions. I got some oil under the first and
was beginning to get in shape, as I thought, to
eet oil on the other when the Government
shutdown onus. Something was wrong with
the concession, it appears.
"At the southeast of Java the Dutch have
struck plenty of oil.
"I was two and a half years at Lucknow, India,
where I was sinking for artesian water. I got
some, but not as much as I would like to have
had. I used American machinery, which I
took over and had to instruct the natives in
the use of it.
"They were very slow and used to worry my
patience terribly, but at last I got used to it
and took things just as easy as they did. It's
no use to worry in a country like that.
"1 have prospectod for oil all over. I put in
many years in Pennsylvania and also put
down borings in South Carolina, Georgia, Ala
bama and Florida. They have got some good
oil country in Sumatra and from what I un
derstand of ii a very large supply will come
trom there.
"As regards oil, surface indications count for
nothing. The only way you can tell is by put
ting down wells.
"I have wondered that artesian wells were
not sunk on the great plains and plateaus
more than they are. I think over most of
them water could be found. They would
bring millions of acres under cultivation and
certainly those who would own the lands
would make enormously from them.'*
Mr. Trowbridge has been representing
American capital on his recent trip. He will
be here for a day or two.
LITTLE GIRL'S BLOUSE DRESS.
A pretty shape for a little girl's wash dresses
is the blouse with bishop sleeves. It is made
to fall v»ry full at the bottom, being cut
slightly circular. The skirt is straight, simply
gathered into the band. There is no lining
either in the sleeves or blouse.
The new homespun linen and cotton faorics
make extremely serviceable dresses for gen-
eral wear. One of twine color had the collar
and ruffles of light blue batiste.
Another that resembled a wool cheviot be
ing woven in a wide diagonal of brown and
white had a brown linen collar with ruffles of
white embroidery.
A dark blue and white cotton duck had
white lawn ruffles.
Ginghams are trimmed with ruffles of em
broidery or ruffles of thefabric. An effective and
inexpensive trimming for striped, checked or
other fancy pinghams is formed of ruffles of a
plain colored gingham to match one of the
colors In the figured fabric.
White lawn with bine, pink or yellow lawn
collar and sleeve band in dainty.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Professor Michael Foster, the physiologist,
says that fatigue is due to poisoning of the cer
ebellum.
Elizabeth Cady Stanton says that the only
drawback to her happiness as a child was her
fear of the devil.
Myron E. Henry, the well-known Western
driver and trainer, has signed a five-year con
tract with the imperial stables of the Czar of
Russia.
It is said of Sir Win f red Lawson, the noted
teetotaler, that he was once disconcerted at a
political meeting. "I must tell you," he
shouted with emphasis, "that I am a party
man." Shrill voice : "Yes, a tea party man."
Senator David of Jliuneao ta is the best Shake
spearean authority in either house of Con
gress. He has a hobby for rare editions of the
great dramatist's works and is the author of a
volume entitled "Shakespeare aud the Law."
Miss Frances E. Willard notes it as a token of
the progress of temperance reform in the South
that it is no longer considered bad form for a
gentleman to decline a drink. Miss Willard at
tributes this change of sentiment solely to
the influence of women.
A small committee has been formed in Lon
don to raise about $600 for the purpose of pur
chasing a small bronze statuette, by Herr Lud
wig Caver, of Sir Tnomas Moore. There has
never been in England anything of the nature
of a public memorialt o Sir Thomas Moore.
President Cleveland has directed the pre
sentation of a t>air o^ binocular glasses to Cap
tain Norton Alexander of the British steam
ship Mexican, in recognition of his humane
services in rescuing the captain and crew of
the American schooner, Driske on October 6,
1891.
R. P. Goodsell of Geneva, New York, who is
now in his eighty-flftn year, still carries on a
harness-shop. His friends are frying to per
suade him to take a rest from life's busy toils
and enjoy the balance of his days in ease, but
ho will not listen to them. He commenced
apprenticeship at the harness business in 1825
at the age of fourteen and has been at work
at his trade continuously for seventy-one years.
DON'T GRUMBLE; KEEP STILL.
Ea.-h road has its rooks, every pleasure Its pallia;
This existence no hope will completely fulfill.
But It's useless to angrily tug at your chains —
Don't grumble; ket-p still.
The world doesn't wish to be gloomed with your
vroes—
Each soul has enoueh of its personal ill.
And your troubles puss quicker if nobody knows—
Don't grumble; keep still.
If rou want to be called to fair fellowship's feast-
Be received at the board with a hearty good
will—
Bring your happier thoughts to the lore; or, at
least,
Don't grumble; keep still.
Frank Pctxax.
TUOLUMNE MISREPRESENTED.
Union Democrat.
In a recent issue The Call, Chronicle and
Examiner published on their first pages under
display headlines what purported to be a true
and accurate account of the gold bullion out
put of the State as reported by the Mint of
ficials. In the list of counties which are pub
lished Tuolumne is credited with producing
only something over $650,000, and made to
appear as the eighth in the State in
point of production, when in fact it
should be at least second or third, and is
entitled to be credited with producing all of
$1, 300,000. When this injustice was noted by
the Democrat.it set out to interview enough
of the prominent mining men of the county
who are operating producing properties to as
certain as near as practicable how much the
figures were out of the way. Enough was
learned to utterly disprove the accuracy of the
report. One mine aioue in this county
during ten months Gf 1895 shipped
over $600,000 to Sari Francisco, that did not
go through Wells, Fargo & Co. For two
months of the same year the express company
handled for this same property nearly $100,
-000. That in itself is more than the whole
county is credited with. That's not the only
place the shoe pinches. Take the Dead Horse
mine as an illustration. It is a high grade sul
phuret proposition and has its product treated
at Angels. The mine is in this county, but Cal
averas gets the credit of its output. Take all
the placer gold taken from the Stanislaus
River, *nd owing to the closer commercial re
lations existing with Angels and that section
Calaveras Is credited with all that too. Owing
to litigation, some of our largest producers will
not give out to the public the amount of bul
lion being produced at their properties,
and hence no reliable and accurate account
can well be kept, but with all the mines of
the county— pocket, quartz and placer— it is
safe to put their joint prodtictlon for 1895 at
$1,300,000, and 189H will see these figures
added to by 75 per cent if there is any virtue
or material good to follow placing the banner
county in its true light as a producer before
the mining world. We want it and will keep
cegging away until we get it it it takes all
summer.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Medium Height— J. F. G., Byron, Cal. A man
five feet six incnes in height would be called a
man of medium height.
The X Ray— A Patron, City. Recent articles
on the X ray were published in The Call on
the 23th of February and the 2d of April.
Philately— l. W., City. Philately is the oc
cupation of making collections of postage
stamps, revenue stamps and objects of curi
osity and interest.
Annie Moonet — H., City. Annie Mooney,
4% years of age, mysteriously disappeared from
Belmont Park, in Han Mateo Couuty, on the
15 th of July, 1883.
Dean's Trial— N., Mokelumne Hill. Cala
veras County, Cal. The trial of A. H. Dean for
forgery has not yet been had. Cannot 6ay
when the case will be taken up for trial.
Placeb Mining— C. W. and M., City. For in
formation as to placer mining in this State
apply at the office of the California State Min
ing Bureau in the Pioneers' building on Fourth
■treet.
Similitude of Greenbacks— U. S. D., Selby,
Cal. The law that prohibits the making of
anything in imitation of greenbacks for the
purpose of advertising was passed on the 10th
of February, 1891.
Wilmerdino School— M. 1., West Berkeley.
CaL Yow-r question about the location of the
Witeve.viing School is one that calls for an
opinion, aud not a fact. Consequently, it can
not be answered in this department.
John Rxjnk— A. O. S., City. It was Johnny
Runk who killed Officer Cootes in this City,
but while in jfdl "he did not compose a song
nor sing one on the gallows just before he was
executed.
Frozen Oranges— X., City. Frozen oranges
are said not to be harmful, but they are very
Insipid. A well-known horticu turist says that
it is a very difficult matter t» distinguish a
frozen orange by merely lookng at it. The
test is in the cutting of it.
Ship Building— Subscriber, Cty. The cost
of building a first-class vessel, steel, and
equipped, is, in England, about $35 per ton, so
that a vessel of 3000 tons will cost, making an
allowance of $20,000 for extra, $125,000. In
the United States the cost of a similar vessel is
about a third more.
Newspaper Artists— L. W. C, City. This
departmeut has no desire to pass upon the
merits of the various newspaper artists now in
this City, but it goes without 6nyiug that the
most talented in the art departmeut are on
The Call.
Pugilistic Weights— J. F. G., Byron, Cal. In
pugilism bantam weight is 105 pounds and
under; catchweight is weight at discretion;
feather-weight is of the class below Mght
weight, which is 118 pounds; heavy-weight is
154 pounds and over; middle-weight is up to
154 pounds and over 118, and welter-weight is
from 135 to 154 pounds.
In thb Valley— H. H. J., City. Thera are
four roads leading into Yosemite Valley, the
best of which is said to be the Raymond road.
The toll on the road is: Passengers. $1 each;
two-horse team, $2 50; four-horse, $3 50; six
horse, $4 50; horsemen, $1 ; paok animals and
pedestrians, 50 cents. There is fish in all the
lakes in the valley, but in what quantity this
department is unable to state.
Farming Land— O. O. W., City. The only
way to ascertain what farming lands are open
under the homestead law in California,, and
suitable for farming, is to write to each of the
following land offices, and for one dollar each
office will furnish a plat of public lands, show-
Ing which are open to settlement: At Hutn
boldt. Independence, X>os Angeles, Marysvillc,
Redding, Sacramento, San Francisco, Stockton,
Susanville and Visalia.
Foe a Mile Race— L. A. M., Golden Gate,
Cal. No general rules can be laid down to
govern one who wishes to train for a mile foot
race. What might be good advice in one in
stance might be injurious in another. Xo one
should undertake to train for such an event
without consulting a professional trainer. lie
after examining the party will be able to judge
what is best for him to do, the amount of ex
ercise he should take and how he should diet
himself. s
To Train a Dog— E. A., Fruitvale, Caf. To
train a dog from a pup, the trainer 6hould be
kind to him, but at the same time be suffi
ciently stern to give him to understand that
he must do what he is told to do, providing, of
course, that the trainer does not attempt' to
force the animal to do anything beyond his
capacity. Care must also be taken that the
animal is not over or under fed, and that he
has enough exercise and is kept clean and has
good, clean bedding.
Mechanic's Lien— T. D., North Temescal/Cai.
Under the law of this State, when a mecnanlc's
lien is filed against property the owner is
responsible, unless three days after he has be
come aware that improvements are being
made on the property he posts notice in writ
ing that he will not be responsible for such.
The mechanic's lien law is a very long one and
its workings cannot be fully explained in the
Epace allowed to this department Its opera
tion is to be found in the Code of Civil Proce
dure, which can be seen at any of the libraries
School Houses— C, Chittenden, CaL There
have been rulings to the effect that school
houses may be used for other purposes than
teaching school, provided that in no case shall
the school house be used for any purpose
which necessitates the removal of any school
desk or any othe: furniture. A section of the
school law says that upon & petition signed by
a majority of the heads of the families resident
in the district the Board of Trustees may call a
meeting of the qualified electors of the district
to do certain things specified, and that such a
meeting so called shall be competent to in
struct the Board of Trustees, in regard to the
location or change of location of the school
house or the use of the same for other than
school purposes.
FOR THE PARTY ONLY
Stockton Graphic
John D. Spreckels has silenced his traducert
by coming out with one of the fairest and
most manly statements that ever emanated
from a leader of any party in any State, and
this statement confirms in every particular
every claim his friends have made for - him
since he consented to enter the political field
as a leader. He was persuaded by the honest ele
ment of bis party to take a hand and help weed
out corruption and aid in purifying the poll
tics of this great State, and for that purpose,
and solely for that purpose, he went into the
field and is in it to-day. For the best interests
of the Repubiican party in California John D.
Spreckels is spending his valuable time and
means and any insinuation that even suggests
impliedly that he is actuated by a selfish
motive is false and those who make such in
sinuations know them to be false when they
make them.
Stockton Graphic.
Unpledged delegates will enter the political
arena at the St. Louis convention armed, like
knights in full armor, for the fray. Pledged
delegates will represent knights who have
left their armor and spears and battle-axes at
home.
Kingtr.an (Ariz.) Miner.
The Call advocates the sending of an, un
pledged delegation to the St. Louis convention.
This is a good idea. The usefulness ot a dele
gation is always hampered by pledges.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR-
Watts— l guess it is a fact that there is no
difference between genius and insanity.
Potts— There is some, anyway. Man can't
very well get out of a murder scrape on the
plea that he is a genius. — Indianapolis Jour
nal.
Younglove (admonishingly) — Now that
you've opened a bank account, you must bear
In mind that the checks must not be signed
with any of your pet diminutives. Just settle
on one name, and use that and no other.
Mrs. Younglove (plaintively)— All right,
dear. I'll just sign "Maude;" but I dont see
how they're going to identify me by that!—
Puck.
"Haven't had a peannt thrown into my
trunk for more than an hour," complained the
elephant.
"Well," said the monkey, "I wouldn't de
spair. I'd just keep on sticking it out, old
man."— lndianapolis Journal.
"Your wife is a very talented women, I
should imagine, Mr. X."
"Talented! I should say so. Why, she even
talks Greek in her sleep."— Brooklyn Life.
Around the lady of his choice
Just now each poet weaves
A web of romance that surrounds
All of her but her sleeves.
—New York World.
Califobma. glace fruits, 50e lb. Townsend's.*
■ ■ •—• — * — »
The Kaiser is said to be the best dressed
monarch of modern times. He is most punctil
ious as to the details of his attire, but much
of the credit that he receives lor this Is, in
reality, due to his wife, who looks after her
husband's clothing with an assiduity that no
valet could equal.
•—• — ♦ — •
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
Frederick Prince, who was lormerly center
rush in the footbal team in the University of.
Georgia, is now fighting in the Cuban insur
gent army. He gets $24 a week, and he says
the work is not half so exciting and dangerous
as footbalL
Bpecial information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. *
Copenhagen is to have a woman's theater,
with women to manage it, women to «Ect ail
the parts ard women to write the play. A
beginning will be made with a play by Marga
ret Thorson.
Take tho Northern Pacific to All Points
Kant.
If you are golnsr East call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestlbuled apd
equipped with dining-cars, upholatered tourist cars
and elegant Pullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
Keep looking young and save your hair, its coloi
ana beauty with Packer's Haib Balsam.
Pabkeb's Ginokk Tojiic the best cough core.
, A ' Slight Cot.», it Neglected, Often At* •
tacks the Lungs. : " Brown's Bronchial Troche*' ',
give immediate and effectual relief. " ' » . -
. Dr. Sixskbt's Angostura Bitters, the moat effi- '..'
cacious stimulant to excite the appetite, keep* the
digestive organs In order, *TUESDAY MAY 6, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkateb.— "The Strange Adventures
of Miss Brown."
t'M.ivnHNiA Tbeatm- Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Coi-rifßiA Thkater— "Faust."
Morosco's Opkra-Hoosb— "Virginhis.*"
1 ivoli Opera-Hoitsk.— "The Chimes ol Nor-
mandy."
Obpheum— High-Class Vaudeville.
GnovEn's AJX-A7AK.— -'Our Boys."
The ArDiTOKiuif— Corner of Jones and Eddy
streets— Prof. D. M. Bristoll's Eques-Currlculum.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium, corner Mason and Ellis
nts.— Benetit Concert in aid of the Newsboys'
Home, this evening,
Slkohanics' Pavilion— Bench Show. Wednes-
day, May f.
ilAwoNovGH Tbkatib (OAKi.Asro)-The Great
Zanzics.
Sutko Coney Island— Bathing and Perform-
ances. . •
Bhoot the CiirTss— Dally at Halght street, one
block east of the Park.
J *ci*jcCoastJockkt Ci.ub.— Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! Fob thk Sakta Cruz Mocxtaim.- The
First Anniversary >xmrsiori and Family Picnic
©f tße Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pare.
AUCTION SAL£S.
Bt- F. T. Kxelkb— This day (Tuesday), Rare
Oriental Curios ai 419 Kearny street, at 11 a. m.,
2 and 7 p. m.
Bt > bank W. Bctt«bfield — Thla day
(Tueeday), Furniture, at 424 Leavenworth street,
Bt Chab. Levy & Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Markt-i street, at 10
o clock.
By 8. Basch— This day (Tuesday), Clothing,
etc., at 2916 Sixteenth street, at 11 o'clock.
Bt W. P. McLeod— This day (Tuesday), Well-
bred Horses, at Twelfth and Market streets.
Bt William J. Dinoke— Saturday, May 18,
Real Estate, near Dwicht Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
Bt Shain-wald. Buckbee <fc Co.— Wednesday,
May 27, Real Estate, at salesroom, 218 Mont-
gomery Btreet, at 12 o'clock.
By A. M. Speck * Co.— Wednesday, May 8,
Beal Estate, at salesroom, 602 Market street, at
: I o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
The Woman's Congress is In progress.
Every one who can is attending the Woman's
Congress.
Bom* very rich mines hare Just been opened
near Mercur, Utah.
The San Francisco Presbytery ordained two
evangelists yesterday.
The report of the school census marshal will
be ready in a few days.
The bankers are combining to form a strong
central executive council.
Warden Hale of San Qnen tin is suffering
from a severe attack of la grippe.
The Board of Health and Board of Edncation
are at outs on sanitary measures.
The Bunker Hill Association is preparing for
& grand celebration of the battle day.
Fair, with fresh westerly winds, is what is
offered by the weather bureau for to-day.
Some fine fish from San Diego County have
been taken to stock the lakes in the vicinity of
Sac r« men to.
The three barbers' associations are about to
form a central body to be known as the execu
tive council.
"Harry W-ison w-as arrested lust night for as
saulting Edward Goldenson, 36}^ Geary street,
with a slungsuot.
The three sessions of the first day of the
Woman's Congress were well attended and re
plete wjth interest.
San Mateo, Bueno, Senator Bland, G. B. Mor
ris, Mirambo and Paros were the winners at
Ingleside yesterday.
Ttoe representatives of the Building Trades
Council called the workmen on several jobs
out on a strike yesterday.
The Call's declaration for woman's cause was
applauded loudly, long and fervently at the
M omans Congress yesterday.
Supervisor Benjamin has filed a suit in di-
Torce after nine years of separation from his
wife. Desertion is the cause cited.
Thp Board of Education will apply to the
Legislature for power to grant long leases to
the Fifth and Market street property.
A new disease has appeared among the Ri
paria vines and their grafts in Napa Valley,
and the vines are dying by thousands.
Rev. Dr. Scott objected yesterday to minis
ters sending items to the Evening Post, which
he says is "the organ of the octopus."
The Congregational Monday Club yesterday '
appointed a committee to consider means for
reviving an interest in the organization.
The Board of Supervisors appropriated $500
yesterday to provide suitable quarters in the
"Receiving Hospital for the care of the insane.
o 'S. E. Dutton, one of the Durrant jurors, is
suing- for $76 jury fees for serving in that case.
He is testing the law which allows all jurors
$2 a day.
„ ' A "warrant was sworn out yesterday by
Michael Galvin, erocer, 1701 Mission street,
for the arrest of Edgar W. Beldon on the charge
- of forgery.
°- ' Eddie McKnight, 15 years of age, was struck
on the head with a bottle and stabbed in the
■ .chest by two men while defending his father
from their attack.
The newsboys Bay that they are more suc
•■ cessful than ever before in the streetcar trans
fer business which Manager Vining has been
, trying to suppress.
Abraham Marks, a peddler living at 641
-Jessie street, was injured by being thrown
from his wagon yesterday afternoon and his
. horse had to be shot.
: Rabbi Voorsanger delivered a lecture, illus
trated by stereopticon views, for the benefit of
' the Exempt Fire Company, at Metropolitan
Temple evening.
.. J. Harry Scott, a dealer in pianos, swore out
. a warrant yesterday for the arrest of Mrs. C. A.
Douglas, alias Jennie Morgan, on the charge of
■ felony embezzlement.
Dr. Williamson of the Board of. Health says
• that he agreed to vote for the removal ot
Superintendent Weaver of the almshouse at
Weaver's express request.
• Judge Seawell has allowed Sanford Bennett,
receiver of the San Mateo Electric Railway,
#12,000 for services, and his attorneys, Reddy,
Campbell and Metflon, $16,000.
Congratulatory letters and telegrams from
thinkers in every part of the State are pouring
in upon The Call in regard to the stand ithaa
taken for woman and her cause.
"Whiskers" Smith left by the 4 o'clock train
yesterday afternoon for Sacramento to assist
Martin and Jerry in their fight lor control of
the Republican party of this City.
George W. Walthew, whose resignation as
secretary has been asked for by the Shipown
ers' Association, was admitted to practice in
the United States courts yesterday.
The police are searching for a blonde young
man who has been making a business of jump
ing out of doorways and frightening women
who happen to be without an escort.
The last appeal in the case of Frank Shay
against the Chicago Clock Company has been
dismissed. This allows Judge Hunt's judg
ment for plaintiff for $4000 to stand.
The Christian church will open a divinity
school in Berkeley next fall in connection with
the State University. Endowments amounting
to $60,000 have already been secured.
Mrs. Tunnell has been in Stockton for over a
week, was secretly visited twice by the Rev.
Or. Brown, appeared more prosperous than
ever before, and then disappeared again.
Frank M. Whitney, the new Republican
Mayor of Santa Barbara, whose only competi
tors were Republicans, would have the official
salaries in that city reduced and the streets
pprinkLed with sea water.
Coffee, pie, pickles and blood intermixed at
Hanson's restaurant, 236 Montgomery, street
yesterday at noon, where a fracas occurred
between Behrend Joost and Joseph Scheerer
over a business transaction.
To avoid contempt proceedings Julian Pinto
hes filed an affidavit, in which he swears that
when he advised his client to hide herself he
had no intention of advising her to avoidAum
mons in. the suit in which she was defendant.
Single-taxers at a meeting recently held de
cided to make a concerted movement to secure
an amendment of the State constitution such
us will place the power in the hands of the
people to institute the single tax method of
raising revenue.
C.B. Watson, president of the Crater Lake
Club, and Rev. E. M. Wilbur, both of Ashland,
are in the City making arrangements for a
two weeks' outing of the Mazumas, Oregon's
mountain-climbing club, and the Crater Lake
Club of Ashland. They will climb to Crater
Lake, starting August id.
The hearing of the writ of habeas corpus ap
plied for by Superintendent Bowen of the Odd
Fellows' Cemetery came before the Supreme
» Court yesterday. It is an attempt to tent the
" recent ordinance of the Board of Supervisors
prohibiting interments in the City limits.
Bowen was arrested under the ordinance, and
he applied for a writ of habeas corpus to re
lease him.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Expected Changes in the Ship-
Owners' Association Have
Been Made.
SECRETARY WALTHEW OUSTED
Lieutenant-Commander Sturdy of the
Cruiser Olympia Suspended
for Two Years.
The expected changes in the officers of
the Ship-owners' Association lmve taken
place, and Secretary George Walthew,
Shipping Master A. G. Way and Assistant
Shipping Master George Murphy are out
in the cold.
Walthew lays tha blame for his dismis
sal at the door of the Pilots' Association,
but those who know the inside facts say
that all three men lost their heads because
they were constantly antagonizing the
sailors and ship captains. Be that as it
may, all three are gone, and it is said that
Charles E. Naylorof Alamedn will succeed
Walthew on the first of next month, and
Captain John Sage and John Cain have al
ready taken tbe places of Way and Mur
phy. Walthew was very active in the
movement started to reduce pilotage and
he says he will still continue his agitation
as a member of the committee on com
merce appointed by the Chamber of Com
merce unless he is dismissed from that
committee.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
arrived from San Diego, via Monterey,
yesterday. The run ud from toe seaside
resort was made in ten hours. Admiral
Beardslee has been a very sick man, but
is now on the high road to recovery. The
Philadelphia will go to Mare Island for an
overhauling and while she is there some
of her officers will serve as a trial board in
the battle-ship Oregon.
News comes from the Asiatic squadron
that Lieutenant-Commander Edward W.
Sturdy of the cruiser Olympia has been
court-martialed and suspended for two
years and al&o ordered to lose ten numbers
in his grade. The Navy Department pro
fesses to be ignorant of the matter, but it
is confidently stated that full information
of all the causes that led up to the court
martial arrived here in black and white on
the Doric and were at once forwarded to
Washington. Lieutenant - Commander
Sturdy is well known in San Francisco.
He has been here several times and last
year was navigating officer of tbe Balti
more. The next steamer from China will
probably bring full particulars of the
trouble.
The new steam-launch for the light
house service at Goat Island is now in
commission, and the children of Keeper
Lennie come and go in it every night and
morning. Before the new launch was built
the youngsters, in order to get to school,
had to row themselves over in a small
boat, and when the tide was against them
it was a long pull. Frequently they
would have to head up the bay as far as
the Mail dock in order to overcome tbe set
of the tide that might otherwise carry
them down as far as Alcatraz.
Some years ago the Lighthouse Board
had a launch called the Perri winkle,
and in it the children came to school.
One night the little craft mysteriously dis
appeared, and from that day to tnis it
has never been seen. The general impres
sion is that it was stolen, and after being
altered and repainted was put into com
mission aprain somewhere along the coast.
Work on the Blairmore procressad
slowly yesterday. The broken tops have
all been cut away from the masts, but it
will take a long time to remove the stand
ing rigging. As soon as the divers accom
plish this job and the masts are removed
Wrecker Whitelaw thinns it will not take
long to raise the hull.
The Merchants' drydock was moved
from Spear street to Little Main street
yesterday by the tug Sea W itch. It did
not take long to get th« unwieldy affair
into position, and to-day it will be ready
to take on ships again.
The tug Reliance has her old propeller
on again and will go into commission to
day. The new patent auger-shaped pro
peller that was fitted on her proved to be
a failure, so John D. Spreckel3 ordered it
removed and the old one replaced.
Bill Waffeis, the old-time boatman, had
a narrow escape yesterday. He took a
boatload of provisions out to the cruiser
Philadelphia. While alongside the man
of-war some one threw an empty beef
barrel out through a chute. It knocked
Waffeis overboard, smashed one of his
oars, broke off two of the rowlocks and
started two of tbe planks in the boat.
The provisions were got out in a hurry
and Bill's boat was patched up, and he
finally reached tbe wharf again. No one
offered to pay the old man for the damage
to his boat.
Trade with the Amoor River is gro"wing
and more vessels have sailed from here for
Russian territory than ever before in the
history of the port. Tbe Wilna is now
loading at Mission-street wharf and she
will take away 1700 tons of flour, besides a
large consignment of salt and beef in
barrels.
The owners of the schooner Chetco now
think they will be able to save the vessel.
The crew arrived here yesterday, and as
the result of their report the managing
owner has decided to float her off, load her
with lumber and tow her to Man Fran
cisco. The Chetco was on her way up tbe
coast when she ran on a sunken rock, and
in order to save the vessel Captain Olstin
beached her near Crescent City. As soon
as she is patched up and loaded the steam
schooner Cleone will bring her down.
The British ship Ross-shire, that left
here about two months ago with a cargo
of wheat, was on fire in Sydney harbor
yesterday. The fire was put out, but the
extent of the damage has not yet been
ascertained.
Consul Merry of Nicaragua has received
word that the port of Corinto is now open
for shipping. Some time ago it was in the
hands of the rebels, and no steamers or
sailing craft were allowed to enter. In
consequence an immense quantity of
freight accumulated at Panama, and the
opening of the port will be joyful news to
the Pacific Mail Company.
UTAH FREIGHT RATES.
The Trans-Missouri Association Will
Wrestle With Them.
A meeting of the Trans-Missouri Associ
ation has been called for the 21st inst. in
Denver, and as the principal business be
fore it will be a consideration of the con
flicting east and west bound distributing
freight rates in Utah the meeting will be
of interest to San Francisco wholesale
pierchants.
As told at length in The Call of Sunday
the trans-Missouri lines which are inter
ested in seeing Utah supplied with com
mercial commodities from the East in
stead of the West have imposed high
local rates on freight distributed from
Utah terminals when it is shipped from
the Pacific Coast. This discrimination
prohibits San Francisco competition at
many Utah points. The merchants of
Utah are up in arms, and the Southern
Pacific is, too. The Southern Pacific is not
a member of the Trans-Missouri Associa
tion and is not controlled by it, but the
company has been invited to and will
have a representative at the meeting,
when an effort will be made to straighten
out the present trouble.
Ex-Judge Tooby'g Notes.
R. D. McElroy, agent of the Phelan building,
is suing to have foreclosed a cnattel mortgage
on : the personal' property of . ex-Judge D. J.
Toohy. : His personal property was | mortgaged
'to secure two promissory notes made payable
to McElroy. one for $160 aud . the other . for
$245. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
The Fast Little Steam Launch That Has Just Been Completed for the Goat Island Lighthouse Station
to Take the Place of the Perriwinkle, Which Disappeared So Mysteriously Several Years Ago.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
MAYOR AND SOCIETY MAN
Frank M. Whitney, Santa Bar
bara's New Municipal Exec
utive, in Town.
HIS GIFTED RIVAL HERE, TOO.
The Republican Leader Intends In
augurating a Series of Salary
Reductions.
When Frank M. Whitney, now on a
short visit to this City, was elected Mayor
of Santa Barbara a few weeks ago the 400
were agreeably surprised, as Mr. Whit
ney's public career and aspirations had
long been confined to leadership in society
events, while J. T. Johnson, a most for
midable political opponent, had made an
enviable record through many years as
Auditor.
There were three candidates, and all Re
publicans; for by a sign of the times no
Democrats avowed themselves this year.
The contest that resulted was unusually
exciting, and remarkable also for the
large vote polled.
The fight proper was between Whitney
and Johnson, but tbe third man. Colonel
J. L. Fernandez, had considerable sup
port, given partly perhaps through re
spect for his long persistence as a candi
date for the office and partly because of
Dis frequent appearance in full regi
mentals and his ready eloquence on street
corners.
Some said that the handsome colonel
Frank M. Whitney, Santa Barbara's Society Lender and New Republican MayoC
had never been in the army because his
name and that of his regiment could not
be found on the records. But he declared
that he was the victim of a clerical omis
sion, and that settled it. His name, with
tne cherished title prefixed, continued
conspicuously upon the front of his small
carpenter-shop and upon the sides of his ;
canvas-covered vegetable wagon; for the
colonel is versed in more arts than those of
war and politics.
By a strange coincidence the Mayor that
was not and the Mayor that is happen to
be in San Francisco at the same time. One,
still arrayed in all the glory of a G. A. R.
uniform, has just returned from a visit to
the Santa Rosa flower show, but neither is
aware of the proximity of his recent rival.
It is Mayor Whitney's intention to ad
vocate several radical changes in city af
fairs.
"I have already," said he when seen at
the Jfleasanton yesterday, "declared in
favor of the reduction of the salaries of all
the city officials appointed by the Council.
Of the rive Councilmen four were re-elect
ed, so 1 can hardly look for the co-opera
tion of men in sympathy with the old
regime. Another thing that I have favored
is the establishment of a system for sprink
ling the streets with sea water. I have
estimated that an expenditure of $20,000,
perhaps $15,000, would be ample for the
purpose.
"The limited water supply has long been
the great problem in Santa Barbara. Be- j
cause of it dusty streets, the only dis
agreeable feature of the summer months,
have had to remain so.
"Just now the city is spending $10,000 in
an experiment in Coe Canyon, near Mon- '
tecito, in hopes of striking a big supply of
water. A tunnel is being run into a hill !
and already at a distance of about 300 feet :
a flow of 5J4 inches of water has been ob- j
tamed. It is the intention to drill in 1000
feet and with the same success a flow of 15
to 20 inches is expected. The present muni
cipal water supply from Mission Canyon
is probably not over 10 inches, though a '
good deal of water goes to waste because
of inadequate reservoirs.
"The most important matter engaging |
the attention 01 the public at present is the
approaching completion of the boulevard i
along the beach to Montecito, making !
a broad driveway of nearly three miles
from tbe foot of the main street, which in
itself is two miles in length and paved
with bitumen.''
Santa Barbara's new Mayor is a tall
straight, athletic looking man, apparently
about 35 years of age.
CUSTOM-HOUSE SCANDAL.
Quong Ah Him Deposed and Another
Chinese Appointed in His
IMace.
The arrest of Wong Sam Saturday night
on a charge of forgery revives the Custom
house scandal in which Williams, the in
spector, is the central figure. Wong claims
I that he is beincr persecuted by the in
| spector whose trial comes up to-day.
On the other band the friends" of the
latter urge that the Chinese is the author
of the anonymous letters received from
Los Angeles and elsewhere, reflecting on
Williams.
The court interpreter from Los Angeles
has been in the City for several days and
is said to have given damaging evidence
i against Wong Pam.
Collector Wise seems to be having a
; great deal of trouble with his Chinese in-
I terpreters. Last week he appointed Quong
Ah Him to succeed the suspended Louie
Quong. Yesterday Ah Him was disposed
of and Ah Ging appointed in his steal.
No reason was assigned for this except
that the Collector had a right to do as he
pleased.
DUTTON WANTS JURY FEES.
One of the Durrant Jurors to Test the
New law.
S. E. Dntton, one of the jurors who tried
Durrant, has filed a suit which will test
I one of the important changes in the law
made by the last Legislature.
The act under which he is suing was
I approved March 28, 1875, and provides
that jurors in criminal cases should be
; allowed the same compensation, $2 a day,
1 as jurors in civil cases. The law states
that "for attending as a Grand Juror or
juror in the Superior Court, for each day's
attendance" they shall receive $2.
Heretofore only jurors called in civil
cases were allowed compensation, those in
criminal cases sat for glory only. Now,
however, Dutton intends to see if he can
not get full pay for thirty-eight days at
tendance as a trier of Durrant.
In his complaint Dutton says he served
as a juror from late in August, 1895, to
November of the same year, in all thirty
eight days, making a total due him of $76.
He says he applied to the Supervisors on
April 6, 1896, and they refused his claim,
so now he is suing for his money.
» — « — •
RAILROAD EMPLO YES
Annual Meeting of th» Southern Pacific
Mutual Benefit Association.
The Southern Pacific Employes' Mutual
Benefit Association held a pleasant annual
meeting in the yellow building yesterday,
electing the same officers and making two
or three amendments to the constitution.
E. B. Ryan presided over the 100 em
ployes and 425 proxies which represented
the membership of 843. The year gave a
net increase of seven in membership. It
was decided that, instead of electing nine
d irectors every year hereafter, three of
those elected yesterday should go out of
office in one year, three in two years and
three in three years, making the election
of but three directors necessary annually
hereafter. In future a member who gets a
new member who stays in six months will
get a commission of $2.
The following directors were re-elected :
E. B. Ryan. W. G. Curtis, J. E. Fonlds, H.
R. Judah, A. D. Shepard, S. B. Doane, J.
N. Sherburne and B. A. Worthington. G.
T. Klink was substituted for Charles Har
lan, resigned. The directors re-elected E.
B. Ryan president; W. G. Curtis vice
president, and Mrs. Anna Cummings sec
retary.
Lawyer McEnerney's Fee.
The Board of Election Commissioners de
cided yesterday to fix the compensation of
Garret McEnerney, who is to appear for the
commission in the test case on the tenure of
office law soon to be brought before the
Supreme Court, at $1500.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
STILL AT THE OLD STAND
Newsboys Doing a Big Business
in Streetcar Trans
fers.
MR. VINING'S PLAN A FAILURE.
The Attempt to Stop the Traffic Only
Increases Public Interest in
the Bays.
"Dey can't get de best o' de boys," said
"Blokey" Rhodes, the newsboy, when he
was asked yesterday about the working of
the new transfer system.
He referred to the Market-street Rail
way Company and to the transfer agents,
the car conductors, the policemen ana the
spotters. He spoke with confidence and
likewise with contempt.
Nobody has ever been known to get the
best of the boys who make up the class
that "Blokey" represented, but Manager
Vining is still laboring in his effort to
aceomplisu the impossible.
"Blokey" stopped to sell a paper and
give away a transfer, which transfer bad
been given to him, and then he continued
his philosophical declaration. He spoke
for all the newsboys — for the little fellow
who is lime, for the colored boy who has
to help support his mother, for the boy
whose parents are dead, and for all the
other youngsters who niake up the enter
prising community of boys in business
about the corner of Market and Powell
streets.
"It's all right," he said. "De company
wants to take away from us boys what de
people dat rides are willin 1 to give us, so
it pays two more salaries to keep de trans
fer agents at work on de corner. i)at's good
for de two men and it don't make no differ
ence to us. De company is jast playin'
for a bluff. It tinks we won't dare to run
up alongside o' de transfer men in uni
form. And dey have cops around all de
time, too.
"When a man comes along on de Mar
ket street or Powell street corner and
wants a transfer at de Baldwin Hotel cor
ner, he asks de conauctor for a transfer
ticket. De ticket dat he gets is no good
on de car he wants to take, but he has to
go up with it and brace de transfer, man
for a new check, see? Dey put de man to
a lot o' trouble after he has paid his nickel,
an' you bet he don't like it. Dis second
check, de one he gets from de feller in de
new uniform, is de one dats good fora
ride on de second line.
"De company figgers dat people who get
transfers ain't goin' to take de trouble of
exchanging 'em on de street corner for de
sake ot givm' de negotiable checks to us
boys, but aat's where dey're playin' right
into us. A man who's put to so much
trouble once, 'specially if he's in a .hurry,
don't forget it right away. They gets mad
over it, and once in a while they're just
boilin' at de company. Den de nex' time
dey come along dey get de usual transfer
an' exchange it at de corner, and give it to
me or one o' de boys.
"A good many of 'em do it now just be
cajuse dey're mad about de whole business,
but still we've all got lots o' friends who
give us transfers when dey change deir
minds about usin' 'em.
"De people look at it this way: When
dey pay de money dev're entitled to a cer
tain amount o'travelin'; an' if dey want
to give away a part o' what's deir right
dey don't suppose it's nobody else's busi
ness.
"We get more transfers now dan we ever
did before, an' besides, de ticket is good
all day long. Dey don't have time to
punch de checks under de new style. An'
even if people don't stop to exchange de
checks dey give 'em to us and we make
out to get 'em changed all right. We're
still ahead o' de game, an' I guess we're
goin' to stay right wid 'em."
One of the newsboys claimed to have re
ceived arid disposed of ten transfer checks
yesterday afternoon, and he was still
doing busipess at the old stand.
Th« transfer agents were too busy with
their rush of business to notice who gave
or received the checks, and the policemen
seemed to have grown naturally tired of
the whole performance.
THE BARBERS COMBINING.
Thej Will Soon Form a Strong Central
Executive Council.
The barbers' unions of this City are
about to form a central council on the
principle of the Building Trades Council,
for the elevation and uplifting of the craft.
At the last meeting of the Barbers' As
sociation of San Francisco, the Barbers'
Association of California and the Barbers'
Protective Association, committees of
three were selected from each to perfect a
plan of affiliation. Last evening the first
named organization met and F. Hodges
presided. The joint committee was pres
ent and reported progress. The name
suggested for the affiliation is the Execu
tive Council of the Barbers' Associations
of San Francisco. '
At a recent meeting of the joint com
mittees it was decided to recommend that
the council become regularly organized
with password, rules, regulauons, etc.
Also that the same password be used for
admission to all of the unions in the craft.
It was further recommended that July 1
be selected as the date upon which all
barber-shops must be closed at 8 p. m. on
all weekdays, except Saturdays. These
recommendations will no doubt be adopted.
It was decided that later in this month
a mass-meeting of all the barbers' unions,
to which all other trades unions will be
invited, will be held for the pupose of dis
cussing ways and means for building up
unionism in the craft.
At tbe meeting last evening there was a
general shaking up in the union. It seems
there were a large number of members
who are in arrears in the payment of their
dues. After a little argument it was de
cided to suspend all not in good standing,
and ninety-one names were placed on the
list. This left 112 in good standing. The
union is determined not to stand any non
sense with its derelict members.
ONLY COAST PRODUCTS.
Eastern Articles Declared Undesirable
for the Coming Exhibition of
Home Products.
The joint committee from the Me
chanics' Institute and the Manufacturers'
and Producers' Association, recently ap
pointed to discuss matters pertinent to
the propoaed exhibition of home indus
trial products, held a meeting in the
chambers of tha latter association yester
day afternoon.
The main question discussed was the ad
visability of having the exhibition consist
of Pacific Coast products solely. »The com
mittee from the Institute, composed of
Oscar Lewis and E. A. Denicke, favored
the introduction of such articles of East
ern production as were not manufactured
on this coast. The gentlemen represent
ing the Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation maintained that the exhibition
of any articles not strictly of coast pro
duction would tend to raise a douDt in'the
minds of some as to the origin of articles
which were produced here. This view
finally prevailed and Messrs. Lewis and
Denicke agreed to put the matter before
the directors of the Institute in that light.
A question of tbe division of receipts
was raised, and the association consented
to the proposition to accept the receipts,
less ?10j000, to go to the Institute. The
association was represented in the meeting
by J. W. Kerr, A. Sbarboro, A. McLaugh
lin, L. H. Tacy, manager, and Fred H.
Dingle, assistant secretary.
This afternoon at 3 o'clock there will be
a meeting of the board of directors of tne
Manufacturers' and Producers' Associa
tion to discuss the litigation with wnich
the Harbor Commissioners are threatened
on account of their having given prefer
ence to California stone in awarding the
contract for the construction of the new
ferry depot.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Doy Toy, a Chinese woman, was brought
from Fresno yesterday morning by Detective
Gibson and booked at the City Prison on the
charge of grand larceny. The complaining
witness is Lee Chung, 809% Washington street,
who accuses Doy Toy of stealing from
him on September 8 last. Doy Toy is a mar
ried woman, but left her husband and went to
Fresno, where she was found in a disreputable
house.
NEW TO-DAY.
23 China Cabinets left
from yesterday's selling.
We didn't think you'd be
able to get one to-day, but
the bad weather yesterday
kept people indoors.
So if you are one of the
first 23 people to-day you
get one.
Curved-glass — two dainty little doors —
trimmed with grille and . spindle work, nicely
polished.
Remember, there's not a
whit of cheapness about
them except the price.
Oak (for your dining-room), $4 40.
Mahogany (good enough for the parlor), 95 60.
See them in the center
window. .
Carpets . Rugs .Mattings
CALIFORNIA
FURNITURE COMPANY
(N. P. Cole Co.) : ;
I 117-123 /Geary. Street.
NEW TO-PAT- AMUSEMENTS.
MOROSCO'S ;•
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
' The Handsomest Family Theater In America.
WALTER MOKOSCO, Sole Lessee and Manager
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT,
America's Leading Tragedian, , -
—EDMUND K. COLLIER
Supported by a Selected Cast from Our Own
Company, in a Superb Production of
"VIR.QXN'IXJS
JEvKifiNn Pbicbj— 2so and 530.
Family Circle and Oallerr. 10a
. Usual Matinees Saturday ana San day. •
ORPHEUM.
OTarreD Street. Between Stockton and P3<vstL
TO-NIGH r AND DURING THE WEEK
OUR OW.Y JIAfiSIFICEir AND ESTIRE SEW CO.
Imported Direct from Europe and the East. . - j
J. W. RANSONE,
CAKE AND JORDAN,
■ MORTON AND MACK,'
. - (JHAKLOITE PARKY,
THE MIMIC FOUR,
V 3 THE NIGHTONB 3
. And a Long List of Celebrities. 1
Reserved seats, 26c; Balcony, lOo: Open oaatrt
•rd Box seats. 60c.
jJST Secure Seats a day In advance and prevent
disappointment. . . ' • .
DURING THE EXTENSIVE
IMPROVEMENTS ON THE GROUNDS
T£C£l OSTJTZSS
Will Only Be Opened SATURDAYS AND BUN-
DaYS Till Further Notice. ' - . ■
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
JE& V : The Grandest : AQII'V
jff%^\ \ Picnic : |.Kll7
JT lj, :of the Season : UEI Sm
f\ MOUNTAINS
3 *» THE FIRST ANNIVERSARY
•Excursion and Family Picnic*
OF THE
UNION PRINTERS'
MUTUAL AID SOCIETY
v will' BE held on,
THURSDAY ...;.. ...... MAT 21, 1896
. ,— -At GLENWOOD PARK
.1 t "'. !*", Santa Cruz Mountains.' '"•,'.., . .
Tickets for the round trip (including Park). 9l. OO
Children (between 6 and 12 years).... .-.."...;.. sOc
' ■- Tickets can be procured of : any member of ■ the
Society, or at 606 Montgomery, st., Room 16, or at
the wharf on the. morning of .the. Excursion. A
line Band of Music will accompany the Excursion.
The train will be made up of First-classs Passen-
ger Coaches. Prizes for adults aud children. : ■ .
Boat leaves Oakland Ferry (narrow gauge), foot
Of Market st. at 8:45 a. m. sharp. . Returning;
train leaves Glenwood at 5:30 p. ic. -
NEW TO-ItAY— AMUSEMENTS. -\
ALBA? MAN SCO'S THEATERS
■^~™~"" . .-. I°l % WEEKS t ••
tfALDWIN EJt &w
• , . Sunday.
trri rTi c? an ' f THESTRANGE
EDDIE ADVENTURES J
FOY OF MISS BROWN
Management of WM. A. BRADY. .
ABSOLUTELY THK-FUNNIKSX PI-AY
o^l .' /' Of THE CENTURY. .. '.
■"""■■■■■■■■■■■■■"■■"■■■l THEY HAVE
CALIFORNIA — „
The Verdict— The greatest Minstrel performance
ever seea here. - •
PRIMROSE & WEST'S
BIG MINSTRELS !
The Greatest Company They Have Ever Owned.
40 WHITES— BLACKS— 7O IN ALL
3 BIG BRASS BANDS.
rWICOLAfIDLR.OOTTLOD« o>- u»csAnDriAflMUs--- •, *\
FAMOUS GRAND
SCENIC DRAMATIC
AND PRODUCTION
—TO-NIGHT !-
MORRISON'S COMPANY in
"FAUST!"
An Exceptionally Excellent Organization. ■.■
Wonderful Electric and Calcium Effects.
Genuine Flashes of Lightning.
Magic Rain of Fire. '
Produced Here in Its Entirety.
RESERVED SEATS— 50c and 75c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mrs. Jb-BNKSTiN k Krki.ing, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY EVENING THIS WEEK.
CAREFUL PRODUCTION — —
Of Planquette's Romantic Opera,
"THE CHIMES OF SORMASDY"
(The Bells of Corneville).
SUPERB OASTt
Picturesque Scenery— Correct Costumes
IN PREPARATION
A nber's Tuneful Opera,
**S*H.-A. DIAVOLOJ",.
And a Scenic Production of
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN I"
The Favorite Story in an Operatic Setting.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
fWDLANDER-GOTTLCB&C LESSEES a rtANAtua .
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
THE SENSATION OF THE TIME.
Crowded at Every Performance.
BRISTOL'S GREAT HORSE SHOW.
Nothing Like It Ever Seen Here.
. Witnessed by Over 15.000 Children Last Week.
Wonderful! Marvelous! , Astonishing!
' — -MATINEES— ' ' .'■ ..;_.. .'
Thursday, Saturday, Sunday.
Reserved Seats- — 15c, 35c and 50c.
CHILDREN AT MATINEES 10c.
& " ALCAZAR
SIMPLY FE3K.IPE3OT !
BYRON'S GREATEST, .-
OTJTR. BOYSj
. Exquisitely Mounted! Superbly Cast!
Batinees— Wednesday -."Pop," Saturday & Sunday
DAY PRICES— IOc. 15c and 25c. » ' •
NIGHT PRICES— IOc, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
Monday Next— "LORD DUNDBEABY."
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
I/Lay Q, 7", S and S.
PACIFIC KENNEL CLUB'S
ANNUAL BENCH SHOW
— —OF— .
23C5C3r2E3 !
The Best Exhibit of High-Class
Dogs Ever Shown.
Admission, 50c. Children, 25c. -
BENEFIT CONCERT
-IN AID OF THE——
NEWSBOYS' HOME.
TUESDAY EVENING, MAY 5. 1896,
IN
Y. M. C. A. AUDITORIUM.
SAN FRANCISCO MIXED QUARTET— "i
Miss Millie Flynn, Miss Lena Carol Nicholson.
Mr. Willis E. Bacheller, Mr. Thomas Rickard.
■» ■ Constance Jordan, Accompanist.' .
MR.V. A. H. HOFFMEYER....: Pianist
MR. LOUIS FININGER...... Humorist
MISS PEARL NOBLE .........Cornet
MlfaS MAUD NOBLE ....Trombon*
MISS LILLIAN i'EATHJCRSTON
Accompanist . .
TICKETS-50C, 75c and SI.OO, l '
■ For sale at Sherman <& Clay's and at Y. M. C.
Association Building. - - .■ '•
TROPICAL FAIRY PALACE. p
TAKE A SWIM IN SUTBO BATHS ! <
——PURE SEA WATER
! Rain or Shine, Storm or Cold, Wind or No Wind,
Atmosphere always 72 deg. Water 80 deg. ,
Performance Every Afternoon and Evening;.
ADMISSION TO BUILDING, from 7A.M. to
10: 30 p. m.— Adults, 10c; Children. sc. •
Bathing until 6 P. m.— Adults, 25c; Children, 15c
Evenings after 6 o'clock— Bathing— Adults, 15c;
Children, 10c. ' ••■.
MACDONOUGH THEATER '
(OAKLAND).
Blx Nights Beginning TO-NIGHT,
THE GREAT. ZANZICS!'.
* • The White Mahatmas. ■ .
Reserved seats— 85c and 50c. No higher.'
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
■ (Ingleside Track). ...
» . FIVE OR MORE: RACES DAILY.
, (BAIN OB SHINE.) ,
I FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. IT. ;
i ADMISSION SI.OO.
t ' Take Southern Pacitic trains at Third and Town-
k send streets Depot, leaving at 1*2:40 and 1:15 p. k.'
Fare for round trip, Including admission to grand .
stand, $1. ■ Take Mission-street electric line direct
t to track.
, IA. B. SPRECKELS, ■ W. a LEAKE.
•' rxe«idenw ■ tttcroiftCJh :: v
78
TO SPREAD THE LIGHT,
San Anselmo Seminary Sends
Out Two Presbyterian
Workers.
DR. SCOTT ATTACKS THE "POST."
Says the Paper Is the Recognized
Organ of the Octopus—Congre
gational Club.
Two ordinations were held yesterday by
the Ban Francisco Presbytery of students
who have just graduated from the San
Anselmo Seminary. The ceremonies took
place in the Presbyterian Mission Home,
920 Sacramento street, and were conducted
by professors of the seminary and by other
Presbyterian clergymen.
The first ordination was that of C. R.
Callendar, who leaves shortly for Laos, in
the north of Siam, as a missionary for the
Occidental Board. At 11:30 o'clock the
Presbytery was called to order by Rev. F.
■ R. Farrand, the moderator, who presided
at tne ordination.
The sermon was preached by Rev. H. C.
Minton on the text, "With God all things
are possible." The preacher strongly ad-
Her. D. M. Gillis oi Tracy, and Rev. C R. Callendar. Who Is uolng to Laos as a
Missionary.
vocated foreign missions, and spoke many
words calculated to cheer the missionary
on his way and make him realize the im
portance of his task in spreading the
Gospel among the heathen.
Rev. 1. M. Condit gave the ordination
prayer and consecrated Rev. C. R. Cal
lendar by tha laying on of hands. Rev.
W. H. Landon gave the charge to the
candidate, in which he pointed out the
grave importance of his work and the
wide sphere of usefulness which would be
before him as a worker for the Occidental
Board.
At the afternoon session of the Presby
tery Donald M. Gillis, who has just been
graduated from San Anseimo, received the
right of ordinaiion. He has been called
as evangelist to a church at Tracy, and be
will divide his time between that charge
and Newman.
Dr. Mackenzie said tho prayer and or
dained the candidate with the laying; on of
hands, and Rev. Mr. Jenks, Dr Macken
zie's assistant, gave the charge to the evan
gelist.
The other business transacted by the
Presbytery was the reading and accepting
of a letter from Cedar Rapids, la., trans
ferring J. Kelly of that town for ordina
tion in San Francisco. Mr. Kelly will sail
for the Orient shortly after his ordination,
as he intends to devote his life to medical
missionary work.
EL C. Stone, another graduate of San
Anselmo Seminary, will s; ortly be or
dained by the Oakland Presbytery and in
stalled at Elmhurst.
Presbyterian Association.
The subject of pew rent was discussed
yesterday by the Presbyterian Ministerial
Association. Rev? S. S. Palmer of Oakland
spoke strongly against the pew-rent sys
tem. Dr. Minton said: "It is a question
of finance in one way, and is not so much
a matter of principle as of method." The
other pastors expressed, on the whole,
opinions favorable to the abolition of pew
rents, when the financial condition of the
church made such a thing possible.
Rev. Dr. Scott alluded to a communica
tion, which he stated had been received
from the Evening Post, requesting tne
ministers to furnish every week items cf
interest for a church column. "The Poet
is one of th£ most sensational and scurril
ous sheets in the City ; " he said. "It is
trying to put itself on a basis of respect
ability by relying on the ministers, and
we are told tnat it has a pious man to edit
its church columns." The doctor con
cluded by stating that he was strongly op
posed to countenancing a paper "winch is
Ihe recognized organ of the octopus."
In considering what should be done with
the Post's request, the ministers finally re
solved to receive it and place it on file.
Congregational Club.
The Congregational Monday Club is con
eidered to have languished dnring the re
cent conyulsions in the First Cnurcn, and
yesterday the members considered ways
and means for causing a revival ol interest.
Many suggestions were made, the ma
jority of the pastors being in favor of
abolishing laymen from the club and of
excluding reporters, in order to make the
cessions entirely spiritual and free from
secular influences.
The following gentlemen were finally
appointed a committee to report on tne
beet steps to take for securing the interests
of the club: Rev. E. L. Hood, Rev. M.
AVillett, Rev. Philip Coombes. Rev. J. B.
Orr, Rev. W. W. Scudder.
1 —
Baptist Conference.
Tho Monday session of the Baptist
Preachers' conference was occupied yes
terday with detailed reports of churches.
On the whoie the reports were encour
aging, showing a number of baptisms and
an improved financial condition.
VETERANS' HOME.
Criticisms on Its Management Presented
by the Association.
At the regular annual meeting of the
Veterans' Home Association held at its
office in this City, Saturday, May 2, 1896,
there being present and represented at such
meeting twenty-two out of the twenty
lour members at this time comprising
such association, namely : Sidney J. Loop,
Judge W. C. Burnett, J. H. Banfield,
George W. Walts, Sol Cahen, J. H. Gar
rett, C. Mason Kinn«, C. W. Arbuckle, E.
S. Gridley of Napa, Judge E. D. Ham of
Napa, W. J. Ruddick, H. L. Tickner, C.
H. Blinn, Joseph Stewart, F. Hanson, C.
J. Hanclley, J. D. Barnett of Santa Rosa,
G. H. Strohl of Napa, S. W. Backus, Wil
liam L. Duncan, John C. Currier and
Charles Lange, the following resolutions
were unanimously adoped :
Whereas, The members of this association
are at all times desirous of doing everything
in their power for the best interests of the
ussoeiaiion and tor the Veterans' Home at
Vouutvilie and' its members; and whereas
there has appeared from time to time during
the past few months in the columns of certain
newspapers articles conveying criticisms on
the management of said home, coupled with
charges against the board of directors of this
association, which charges have been proven
by a regularly appointed committee to have
been false and malicious, and inspired by un
worthy motives; therefore, be it
Resolved, That this association appeal to the
fair-minded people of this State, to the sen se
ofjnstice inherent with honorable journalism
and especially to the honor and fraternal feel
ing of all comrades of the Grand Army ot the
Republic of the Department of California and
Nevada, and of the Associated Veteran s of the
Mexican War, that they first report to this as
sociation, all complaints, charges or grievan
ces of any nature, before rashly or unfairly
giving publicity to the same, thereby enabling
this association to impartially Investigate such
complaint* and effect a remedy if any shall be
found necessary.
Resolved, Thßt the directors of this associa
tion, elected by us to perform the important
and arduous duties devolving upon them,
serving as they do without compensation, and
selected by their comrades for this labor of
love, have our unanimous and unqualified
pledge of support in their efforts to ferret out
abuses, if any shall be found to exist in the
management of the Veterans' Home, and the
just punishment of all who may be found
guilty of said abuses, as well as the punish
ment ot those who falsely and maliciously are
endeavoring to bring our noble charity into
disrepute before the people of this State.
Retolved, That a copy of these resolutions be
furnished to the public press.
HE WAS CALLED DOWN.
Ex- Attorney Philbrook Slakes a Remark
About a Case Being Fixed Which
Judge Low Resents.
T. H. Selvage, ex-District Attorney of
Humboldt County, appeared in Judge
Low's court yesterday afternoon to answer
a charge of fraudulent embezzlement and
of being a party to a fraudulent trans
action.
The complaining witness, H. B. Hoi-
lingsworth, said that he purchased a half
interest in a sliding buckle patent from
C. A. Conger covering the territorial rights
of California, Oregon, Washington and
Nevada, and afterward Selvage and others
organized the Conger Sliding Buckle Com
pany, which usurped his rights.
After hearing the evidence Judge Low
dismissed the case, as it was a matter for
the civil courts. Mr. Philbrook. who ap
peared for Hollingsworth, said he would
take the case before the Grand Jury. He
also threatened to have Selvage arrested
for obtaining money by false pretenses.
"You can take the case before the Grand
Jury if you like," retorted the Judge, "and
if you get an indictment and secure a con
viction I will tender my resignation as a
Police Judge."
Philbrook was excited, and when he got
outside the courtroom he remarked in Sel
vage's hearing that the case had been fixed.
SeJvago immediately reported the remark
to the Judge and Philbrook was called
into court.
The Judge demanded an explanation
from him and denied in emphatic terms
that either Selvage or any one represent
ing him had spoken to him about the case.
Mr. Philbrook said nothing in response
and the matter was dropped.
An Early Morning Blaze.
Fire, the result of a defective flue, damaged
the two-story dwelling of J. Gobel, on Ninth
avenue between G and H streets, to the extent
of $ 100 yesterday morning. \V. Howard occu
pied the building as a residence. The alarm
was turned in irom box 532.
INSANE TO BE CARED FOR
The Supervisors Make an Ap
propriation for That
Purpose
IH THE KECEIVING HOSPITAL.
The Contract for Designing the Home
for Dipsomaniacs Still in the
Balance.
The Board of Supervisors are arranging
for the care of the insane who are taken
into custody and detained by the local
authorities pending an investigation into
their mental condition.
The Health and Police Committee at its
meeting on Friday decided to recommend
that the unfortunates be sent to the Home
for the Inebriates, the management of that
institution having offered to care for
thirty, more or less, at the rate of $435 per
month.
Later a special meeting of the commit
tee was held to reconsider the matter, the
members having arrived at the conclusion
that the insane shouid be cared for in a
public institution rather than in one con
ducted by private individuals.
The original recommendation was
changed to provide for an appropriation
of $500, to be used for fitting up several
rooms in the Receiving Hospital ■with
padded walls and other arrangements nec
essary for th« care of those who are men
tally unbalanced.
The report of the committee was adopted
without a dissenting voice, and later a
resolution providing for the immediate
expenditure of the money was passed
unanimously.
In spit» of a request from Mayor
Sutro that the board take no action
regarding the Pestbouse daring his ab
sence on a vacation, an effort was made to
pass the resolution locating the hospital
on the A.lmshouse tract, and it only failed
by one vote.
effort to postpone action for two
months was unsuccessful, and the matter
finally went over for two weeks. Super
visor Dimond stating that he would cer
tainly make an effort to have the subject
settled at that time, unless some sausiac
tory showing could be made that a site is
being negotiated for.
A communication from W. C. Little,
Mayor Sutro's agent, was read, in which
the agent announced that be was negotiat
ing for a suitable site for the hospital, and
one which he thought would be satisfac
tory to the entire board.
An effort to settle the question whether
or not the Home for Dipsomaniacs is to be
built within the time stated in the appro
priation came to naught, as usual. When
the resolution appointing William Mooser
Jr. as architect to draw the plans was
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
brought up Supervisor Dimond offered an
amendment to Supervisor Wagner's mo
tion to pass, that the matter go over for
six months. Supervisor Wagner wanted
Ihe delay reduced to one month, but both
amendments were defeated by tie votes
and the resolution was put at rest by
seven Supervisors voting against it.
m
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Complete Summary of tho Work
Before the Super
visors.
The following is a full review of the
street improvements, etc., under consider
ation b3 T the Board of Supervisors:
AWABD or STBKKT WORK.
M t?outb. Twelfth to Thirteenth— Grading 10
cents, sewer 70 cents, macadam 4 cents, sidewalks
iM-2 cents, redwood curbs 15 cents, manhole *35,
to M. C. Uogan.
M South. crossing— Grading 11 ifo cents, macadam
3% cents, sewer 70 cents, corners $90, corners
with curbs, etc., CSO, manhole 935, to M. C. Uogan.
Cherry, Clay to Sacramento— Bitumen 20Vi
cents, granite curb 45 cents, to Robinson Nugent.
Laurel, Sacramento lo California— Bitumen 19
cents, granite curb 80 cents, to Pacific Paving
Company.
Waluut, Sacramento to Clay— Bitumen 2OVs
cents, curbs 45 rents, to Robinson Nugent.
Willow avenue, Gough to Octavla— Bitumen 21
cents, curbs 46 cents, to Boblnson Nugent.
Hermann and Elgin Park— Storm-water Inlet,
$59, to D. O'Connor.
Lacuna and Hermann— Water inlet, f 63, to D.
O'Connor.
Market »nd Buchanan— Water Inlet, $97 50, to
Wnrreu <fc Jlalley.
Market, opposite Church— Water inlet, *97 50,
to Warren A Malley.
Market, between Church and Sanch< z— Water
lnlot, $97 50. to Warren A Malley.
Market, between Dolores and Fourteenth—
Water inlet, $97 80. Warren A Malley.
Market and Guerrero— Water inlet, $ 55, Daniel
Kelleher.
Market and Hermann— Water inlet, 997 50,
Warren A Malley.
Market, opposite Pearl— Water Inlet, $73, D.
O'Connor.
Market and Pearl— Water inlet, $63. D. O'Connor.
Market and Reservoir— Water inlet, $97 50,
W.-.rren <fc Malley.
Market and Thirteenth— Water Inlet, $97 50,
Warren <fc Malley.
Market, opposite Valencia— Water inlet, $73, D.
O'Connor.
Waller and Octavla— Water Inlet, $55, Daniel
KeJleher.
Bryant, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Sewer. 70
cents; manholes, etc., $28 each: Daniel Kelleher.
STBKBT WORK ORDERED.
Eddy, Gough to octavla— Granite curbs, bitumen.
Cough and Eddy, crossing— Bitumen.
Baker, Tonquin to Louis— Graded.
Fillmore, Page to Oak— Granite curbs, bitumen.
Capp and Twenty-first, crossing— Bitumen.
Seventh avenue, L to N — .Grading, redwood
curbs, mncailam.
sbotwell, Seventeenth to Eighteenth — Stone
Sidewalks-
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth — Granite
curbs, basalt
Coiling* ood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Granite
curbs, basalt.
coliingwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Granite
curbs, cobbles.
Diamond, seventeenth to Eighteenth— Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Diamond, Eighteenth to nineteenth — Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Dearborn, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Dolores, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Dolores, sixteenth to Seventeenth — Granite
curbs, bitumen.
Dolores, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Granite curbs,
bitumen.
Douglass, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Oranlte
curbs, foa-nlt.
Kailroad avenue. Eighteenth to Twenty-fourth
avenues— Grading, macadamizing, etc.
Kai road avenue, Twenty-;ourth to Thirtieth
avenues— Grading, macadamizing, etc
Railroad avenue. Thirtieth to Thirty -fifth
avenues— Gracing, macadamizing, etc
Railroad avenue, Thirty-fifth avenne to Ban
Bruno roaJ— Grading, macadamizing, etc
OBJECTION SfSTAINKO.
Lyon and Chestnut to Beach— Sewers and estab
lishing assessment distrl v
APPEAL FKuM BTKKKT WORK.
Eighth, Asbury to Corbett road— Sewer. Fixing
date for appeal to May 18.
F&OPOSAL9 BKADVERTISID.
McAllister, Parker avenue west— Stone aide
walk.
Union, west from Taylor— Stone sidewalk
Duncan, Church to Sanchez-Plank sidewalk.
Dolores, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Bituman.
BIDS REJECTED.
Twenty-first. Castro to Diamond— Grading.
CONTRACT BICONImiKKB,
Union. Polk to Van Ness—^tone sidewalks.
STRKKT WORK BEOiMMENHEU.
Fifteenth avenue. Point Loboa to Tacoma— To
remove sand from sidewalks and to coustruct
bulkheads.
Bay, Jones to Leavenworth— Paving with basalt.
Th rteemh, Sanchez, lo Noe— stone sidewalks
Mission, Tenth to Eleventh— Stone sidewalks.
Sanchez, Army to Twenty-ulntU— Plank side
walks.
RESOLUTIONS Or INTENTION To ORDER BTBKXT
WORK.
Baker, Tonquln to Lewis — Plank sidewalk
macadam. »«•»»•.,
Stanyun, Frederick to Carl— sidewalks 9
feet. '
Btanyan, Carl to Parnassus— Stone sidewalks, 9
Stanyan, Parnassus to Eighteenth— Stone side
walks. 9 feet.
cole, Halght to Carl— Stone sidewalks 9 feet.
Clayton, Halifht to Frederick— Stone sidewalks
9 i£6t« '
Romalne, Corbett to Douglass— Grading mac
adamizing, etc. •'
Spear, Market to Mission— 3xs brick sewer
sixth avenue, Point Lobos to Fulton—Bitu
minous sidewalks. 3 feet.
Pacific and Hyde, northwest corner— Stone
sidewalk.
Sheridan and 'Ninth, northwest corner— Stone
Sidewalk.
Webster, Golden Gate to McAllister-Stone side
walks.
Golden Gate, Flllmore to Stelner-Stone side-
Fillmore. Golden Gate to Tnrk-Rtone sidewalks.
Go den Gate, Webster to FlUmoro— Stone side
walks
Larklb, Myrtle avenue to Geary— side
walks, west side. ■««»
. Po.k, Cedar avenue to Geary— sidewalks
west side. '
Hermann, Lagunaand Market, Intersection—lo
inch ironstone pipe sewer and 14-lnch in easterly
portion, with two manholes. . *
Grove, Scott to Devisadero— 10-inch sewer.
KXTKXSIOK OF TIME.
Scott to Noe— Paving, sixty days. .
Scott and Waller, crossing — Paving, twenty
days. • *
Presidio Reservation— Sewer, ninety days.
Kansas, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Sewer, thirty
days. ■
Kansas and Sixteenth, crossing— Sewer, thirty
days. - '
" Kansas and Seventeenth, crossing— Sewer, thirty
days. ■
N South, Fifteenth to Nineteenth avenue
South— Grading, macadamizing, etc., ninety days.
California, Central avenue to Walnut— Sewer
Sixty days. '
Liberty and Sanchez— Grading, etc., 120 days.
Lafayette Park— Grading, sixty days.
. Fifteenth, Potrero to Bryant— radio g, ninety
days.
BxsoLtrnoif bxqukstixq to lay i.abgk maiks
AND DBA NTS.
Third to Townsend— Northeast corner.
' Third to King— Three corners. ■
Third, between Brannan and Townsend. i * '
King, north aide, between Third and Second-
Three places.
King and Northwest corner.
Second and Townsend— Southwest corner.
Berry and Third— southwest corner.
Berry, 410 feet west of Third. f
Kerry and Fourth— Two corners.
Berry, 400 feet west of Fourth. —
Berry, 200 feet east of Fifth. ■
Berry and Fifth, two corners. , ■'< •
Berry, 200 feel west of Fifth.
. Berry, 200 feet east of Sixth.
Berry and Sixth, southwest corner.
Berry, 275 feet west of Sixth.
Berry, 256 feet east of Seventh.
. King and Seventh, southwest corner.
King. 400 feet west of Seventh.
Fourth and King, two corners.
Fourth and Berry, northeast corner,
Fourth and Channel, northeast corner.
■ Sixth and Townsend, southwest corner. ~ ~ '-•
. Sixth and King, three corners.
PBOTESTS— BEFJDRBKD TO STREET COMMITTEE.
■ Rhode Island, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Grading, etc. ■ : . .......
• Seventh avenue and A— Sewer. •.
■ Noe, Fourteenth to Sixteenth— Paving, etc
Filimore, Vallejo to Green— Paving, etc ' -.' ■'
Do ilaro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Grading. -
Pierce, Turk to Eddy— Stone sidewalk.
Treat avenue, Twenty-first to Twenty-second—
paving, etc
; Julian avenue. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Sewer
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Paving.
Fillmorc-, Vallejo to Green— Paving. ' '■
Tieat avenue, Twentieth to Tweuty-flrst—
ing. • **""*tftTT* le !H'* 1 "l "If-'ff ' 1 ' n "lß**--ir JuTytflßprai
Lotta's Fountain— Painting, blocking street, etc.
Stauyan, Haight to Eighteenth— Sidewalk.
Green, 1140-Sldewalk. • . . - . .
De Haro, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
ing. ' -..-■-.
Clipper, Castro to Diamond— Plank sidewalks.
• Twenty-third, Rhode Island to De Haro—Grad
ing. it'"»i'iKip«M;»miijimi wjiiiiiiniJkMwaa
Twenty-third and De Haro, crossing— Griding.
; Twentieth, folsom to Howard— Paving. ■ •
. Thirtieth, .Noe to Sanchez— Sidewalks.
PETITIONS— BEFEBBED TO STREET COKICITTEE.
Twenty-first; Dolores to Church— Plank .' side- I
waiks. ■ .._.. c "
* Scott. McAllister— Street lamp, ■
Thirtieth,. 8. P.' Railroad, ; Croton, Chenery and i
Castro district— Establish grades. . ■- • . 
Falrmount— For provision In tax levy for sewer
system Ocean View to San Bruno avenue. .- . ■ ■
~ Jackson, Steiner to Scott— Examination of side
walk. ..-,. - ', ■- ■ ' . V .• . - ; ■
Washington to Powell— Extension of eight
months on sidewalk.- • - ,
Height, rail or to Stanyan— sewer.
Hermann, Valencia to Guerrero— To fill rats
with rock. • - .  - ;■ .
Fifteenth,"" Valencia to Guerrero—Reconsidera
tion of award on paving. .... , ...
Scott and Fell— Stone sidewalk. '•". y ■
Market, Valencia to Fif uetith— To investigate
contract. - ... - -.. . •■ -. • -
V Church. Market to Fifteenth— For sidewalk.'
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard— To grade.
' , petitions nun
• Seventh avenue, I to J— Requesting reconsidera
tion of award of contract. •
California, Central to Walnut— Sixty days' time
on sewer. - »
RECOMMENDATION'S BY CITY KNOIXEEB.
Mission blocks, 'Ihirteentn and Fourteenth—
That surveys and profiles can bo made for $169.
Ocean avenue, Ingleside to Ocean— Surveys can
be made for 8469.
First avenue, Lake to Presidio— Grade bo
changed.
• Brazil, Amazon, Persia and Russia avenues—
Surveys to cost $195.
San Jose avenue, Ocean View to Sunnyside—
Description.
FULL ACCEPTANCES BXCOMSfEXBKD.
Juniper, Folsom to Harrison— Bitumen.
Jvissiing, Eleventh to Twelfth— Bitumen.
■Bay and Leaven worth— Basalt.
BTBXXT WORK- RKCOMMBNDKD BY SUPKBIX
•«■ TKNDKXT OK BTKEETB. ■'
Fifteenth. San Bruno to Kansas— Graded.
Fifteenth, Kansas to Rhode Island— Graded.
Central avenue, Washington to Jackson— Stone
sidewalks. -
~ Chestnut and Larkln, crossing— Bitumen.
iranklin, Lombard and chestnut— Bitumen. .
Franklin and Chestnut.crossing— Bitumen.
Cole, Halstht to Waller— Bitumen.
Cole and Waller crossing— Bitumen.
Elgin Park, 125 north of Tnlrteenth— Btone
sidewalks.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Stone sidewalks.
Nineteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks. '
Florida, Twenty-first to Twenty-second— Plank
sidewalks.
'Jones, Geary to Post, east side— Stone sidewalks.
Nineteenth, Not to Castro— Plank sidewalks.
Nineteenth, Noe to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Stouts Bitumen.
STREET WORK TO BK ORDERED.
Taylor, Green to Union— Cobbles.
Webster, Fell to Oak— Bitumen.
Thirteenth avenue, H to I— Grading, etc.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME BKCOMMKNDCIX
Fell, Masonic to Stanyan— Paving, 80 days. .
. P South and Fourteenth avenue— Paving, 30
days. ■
pnorosAi-s TO BK REAOVEBTIBED.
Thirteenth avenue South, "L to M South—Grad
ing, etc.
Market, Valencia to Church— Bitumen.
Market, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
Market and Church, crossing— Bitumen.
COMMUNICATIONS FROM STBEKT SUPERIN
TENDENT. BESBBS94
Baker, Lombard to the bay— Depth of sewer Is
not such as to cause inconvenience; construction
of outlet sewers will remove trouble.
Division and Bran nan— lf bridge be built across
Division newer, It will be used as a storm overflow
only.
Lafayette square— that the contractors
be directed not to remove loam. '
LOWEST BIDS.
Hampshire, Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Grading,
19»i cents.
Albion, Sixteenth to Seventeenth— Bitumen
18 7-10 cents, curbs 60 cents.
Baker, Clay to Washington— Bitumen 18%
cents, curb 69 cents.
Birch avenue, la gun a to Buchanan— Bitumen
19V4 cents, curb 60 cents.
Brooklyn, Sacramento southerly— Bitumen 21
cents, enrb 80 cents.
Bourbin place, Eddy to Ellis — Bitumen 19
cents, curb 80 cents. ..■....-•'
Broaerlck and Page, crossing — Bitumen 20*4
cents.
Capp, Twenty-fifth to Twenty-sixth — Bitumen
18 cents, curb 80 cents.
Clay. Laurel to Locust— Bitumen, bids rejected.
Clay and Locust, crossing— Bitumen, rejected.
Twenty-sixth. Mission to Capp— Bitumen 21%
cents, curb 80 cents.
Market, and Hermann— Water Inlet 882 60, Gar
re: Burke.
Market and Thirteenth— Water Inlet f 93, Joseph
Browns.
Kills and Bourbln— Stone sidewalk 28 cents.
Twenty-fifth, Bryant to Potrero avenue— Plank
sidewalks 64 cents.
Utah, Twenty-fourth to Twenty-fifth — Plank
sidewalks 64 cents.
Street Committee Report.
,In favor of communications from Superintend
ent of Streets.
Recommending performance of entire street
work, filed April 25.
Requesting that extensions Of time be granted
on certain contracts for street work, filed April 27.
Requesting that the Clerk be directed to read
venise for proposals on certain street work, filed
April 27.
mending that contracts bo awarded for
street work to lowest responsible bidders whose
proposals were opened April 27, except for grad
ing, macadamizing, etc, 15 street, from Seventh to
Eighth avenues.
Twenty-first, Castro to Diumond—Recommend
ing that bid be rejected, as expense of grading
would confiscate the property.
BTBEKT WORK KF.COMM .EN DKD.
C'ollingwood, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Basalt.
C'ollingwood, Nineteenth to Twentieth— Cobbles.
Church. Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Basalt.
Dearborn, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen.
Dolores— Seventeenth to i Uhteenth— Bitumen.
Dolores, Sixteenth to Seventeenth — Bitumen.
Dolon-s. Fifteenth to Sixteenth— Bitumen.
Diamond, Seventeenth to Kiehteenth— Bitumen.
Diamond, Eighteenth to Twentieth — Bitumen.
Douglas -i, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Basalt,
RECOMMENDATIONS.
Dolores, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Bitumen,
readverthe for proposals. ■ ,--«•-•.-
California. Central to Walnut— Granting 30 days'
extension. sewer.
Union, Polk to Van Ness— Stone sidewalks; re
considering award of contract to D. O'Connor and
I that ' property-owners be granted permission to
construct.
Appointment of George W. Elder Inspector of
sidewalks.
Hayes, Scott to Devlsadero— Bldewalks, post- |
poning action till July. •
Second, Folsom to Harrison— Bituminous side- '
walks, stopping work for six months.
Hhotwell, seventeenth to Eighteenth — Stone
■tketntilu, ordering work done.
Lafayette Park— Establishing grades to protect
S| Ti.'iK Valley reservoir.
Twenty-third. Da liaro to Rhode Island— Sewer,
stopping rr.fco.'dliics till grading is finished.
Tars, through Jefferson square— Petition to re
move trees: referred to Superintendent of Streets.
PROTESTS EEPOBTKD ADVERSELY.
Twentieth. Folsom 0 shot well — -ewer.
Brazil, Mission to Grading
Church, Seventeenth and Eighteenth— Sewer.
Guerrero, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Stone side
walk.
Chestnut, Polk to Larkin— Grading.
PETITIONS FAVORED.
Liberty and Sanchez— Extension of 120 days on
grading, etc
Lafayette Park— Sixty - days' extension on
giaJiner.
l'o:riro avenuo to Bryant — Ninety days' ex
tin- o:i on grading.
Fifteenth avenue. Point Lobos to Tacoma— To
remove sand from sidewalks.
Sanchez, Army to Twenty-ninth— Modern side
walks.'
Bay, Jones to Leavenworth— Basalt.
Thirteenth. Sanchez and Noe— ."Sidewalks.
Mission, Tenth to Eleventh— Stone sidewalks.
PETITION'S REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Brannan, Ninth to Channel — For forty days' ex
tension on navin?.
Seventh avenue, I to J— Requesting reconsidera
tion of. resolution awarding contract to grade, etc.
PLACED ON FILE.
Stanyan, Waller to Beulah— Protest against stone
sidewalks.
Chestnut and Polk crossing— Protest, grading
and paving.
Noe, Fourteenth to Fifteenth— Protest against
paving.
Washington, Cherry to First avenue—Communi
cation from Superintendent of Streets to sewer.
Page, Lyon to Central avenue.
Harrison, Sixteenth to Seventeenth.
.- Harrison and Sixteenth, crossing.
Harrison and Seventeenth, crossing — Protest
against paving. --,;■■; —
... ASSESSMENT DISTRICT.
Lyon to Beach.
Chestnut to Beach— Protest against sewer re
ported favorably, - and assessment district ad
versely. . .;-.-.,.. .:
TIME FOR APPEALS. . .--,.'
Eighteenth, Ashbnry to Corbett road — From
assessment for sewer, May 18, 3 r. if.
.. NEW , TO-DAY.
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AND MANUFACTURER OF
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE-307 MONTGOMERY ST.
j NEVADA BLOCK.
H. CLARK & SONS,
; MANUFACTURERS AND DEALERS IN
SE-WEH. PIPE,
Tel. Si'aln 771. Office— l 7 and 19 Spear St.
FIRE pQnnriMfiSLADD!NG.Mc9EANaCO.
i InL r till UP IrlO osa - n&o market st.
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATINQ OILS,
Paints.Varnlshes, Nevada Compound , etc
23 SPEAR ST. Telephone 6320.
PA D BUILDING
LJOi PAPER. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALERS.
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing: and Paving:
Pitch, Roof Paints, Roofing Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel Hoofs as pot on by us are
tbe standard rook for bus! new .buildings iln the
most progressive cities of the Knsiern States. The
quality of our work is unexcelled anywhere.
msv to-pat: ;
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Firth Floor, mills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DUTARD IS .1. W. McDONALD, Pres
C. B. STONK I 2 W. E. DENNISON. Sec.
T. B. BISHOP to COL. J. H. MENDELL.
J.W. McDOXALD I 2 Corps of Engineers, U.S.A.
W. E. DE2SNISON J ft (Retired),
Consulting Engineer.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, Cat, All Kinds of Street
and -• Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Railway Construction.
BITMKVMIEB. Wharves, Jetties and
Dlllflfci MUha. Seawalls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which does not
have a perfect title is a bad investment. A
policy of insurance In the
CALIFORNIA TITLE IXSURMCE
AND TRUST COMPANY--—
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser against all lost
' and damages Incident to record defects.
Ihp Company has a paid up cash capital ol
I ¥'iSO,OUO and a cash reserve fund of 25.000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MONK Y LOANED on real estate at cur
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract pl»*
west of the Rocky Mountain!.
OFFICE-MILLS BUtLDIiMO.
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, J. S. Severance,
K. T. Smith.
A. C. Raggett : President
J. 11. Swift Vice-President
*. C Lewis ..Secretary
PACIFIC PAYING COMPANY
(Incorporated 1887),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Luis Obispo Bitu-
minous Kock For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms 106 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 656.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
302 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, . SEWERING,
MACADAMIZING,
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.'
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER ST&,
. Telephone West 14.
WARREN & 111 ALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. . fA\ T TJ» I^APt!
Telephone, Main 120 a. VVil 1 IlAvlvitis.
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 181. <
Bay and I.aguna sts.
Telephone, West 789. |
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, 4 bells.
SHINGLE STAIN.
Dexter Bros.' English Shingle Stains have proved
a very superior article for general use, not only for
preserving and beautifying shingles, but for all
outside work. This stain l.i area! preservative and
will not fa.it or crow dingy, but, on the contrary,
Increases in brightness with age. It does not
scale, blister or peel off.
SMITH & YOUNG, Agents,
723 Market Street.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE >r>s
OMPANY. S5?"
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main lIP.
GUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND "ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA ST. ROOM 9.
ALVA B. CLUTE, C. a HARNEY,
President. Vlce-Pres. and Manager.
Union Paving and Contracting Co.,
303 MONTGOMERY ST.
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR,
Telephone West 583. 516 Halgh,t St
CITY LOTS SURVEYED.
SMITH, SOULE & STAHLE,
418 California Street.
R. FLAHERTY,
ASPHALTUM-WORKER
Fare Crude Asphaltum For Sale. :
35 POST STREET.
SHEA & SHEA,
ARCHITECTS.
Telephone 911. 26 Montgomery St.
FLINN & TREACV.
ART - STONE -• SIDEWALKS -- AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
301 :MO3srTCi-o:tg:H3:R,*y 9T.
Sign Painting Taught.
415 Market St.
. EVENING . CLASSES.
For Particulars call or address M.
NICHOLSON. ,
DAD COMPOSITION AND
LIJLMI 6RAVEL ROOFING.
' Parafflne Paint Co., ■ 116 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Paring
. sidewalks. Driveways, Cellars, Etc. .-..
124 SANSOME STREET. ROOK 8.
Yard— 8. W. Corner Harrison and Kigbth Streets.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOB. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSO\ T A* Mil 1..11} Searchers s
aiaii ovii CC iuILL ill, ot"K,©oorci3
Branch Office, NW.cor. McAllister and Larkln.
''* 535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. San Francisco
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
being one of the wonders of the would, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERM 5. ...... ..810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs. S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, 8. F.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RKSOKT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OP THK SANTA
-Li Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fosr. no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,
with a frontage of 460 feet south. • ■
Large Double Rooms, 'With Private
Bathrooms.
PURE SPRING of the celebrated CONGRESS
SPRINGS MINERAL WATER of the alkalo-
chalybeate class: valuable for table use and dys-
pepsia, liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism,
gout and cutaneous affections.
HOTKL, COTTAGES, NEW NATATORIUM.
ALL lighted with electricity; electric bells, tele-
graph and telephone; good stables. - ■ ■ ■;, ' c
RATES, $10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours
from San Francisco, via S. P. Write for particulars
. -■ - J. F. PFKTCH. Saratoga, Cat.
NAPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's _ Famous Mountain Spat
Havb You Been Thkbk Latklt? :
1000 feet above ETaaa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
i orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hot and cold
I Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and Postoflice.
! Burros to ride. Bowling alleys, tennis, croquet,
i swings and hammocks. New improvement* every
I year. Gas and running water In every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WA^ER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal summer resort. • Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
/" . <fni_ t\ i*f i
/~ 'KA^S -. * P6 Bcantifnl
ff^^^^ HOTEL
IS1» VEiVDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more Inviting
than now. Newly painted Inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. • Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity. ;>- ; ; _.v w • ", ."■
GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
0 Under the Old Management.
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THE SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. R. R., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at I:4S. Hotel Cnzadero rates. FlO
to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, 86 to «8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular.
C. F. BURNS, Proprietor.
- ■ ■ Cagadero. C'al. ■
JOHANNISBERQ
In the midst of the Napa Redwoods, Including the
Iron Springs, Lakes, Bowling Alley. Splendid
place for Hunting, Boating and Fishing.
Elevation nearly 1200 feet. Best
Climate for Asthma.
ACCOMMODATIONS FOR CAMPERS. ! Convey-
ances every Wednesday and Saturday from Napa
after the arrival of the morning train. TERMS
REASONABLE. Make your engagements before-
hand. For particulars addtess WALTER METZ,
Napa City. Cal. ; ....-.,'
GO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
rpwo MILES FROM HOPLAND, MJBNDOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters In the State. Fine elec-
tric and.mineral baths; new modern hotel- 250
feet above the valley; fine view. Furnished cot-
tJM s?^,i° *? .' Plenty of amusements. Free Dug
to 7:SO train from Ban Francisco, and • other trains
when notified. Terms, M 0 per week. " ■ ■ •
Telephone at Postoffic^ *™"* *"*^
fl IT" 1 rind £ OT SPRiNOS. Sonoma
V M AII I 1 V 1-oanty, only 3 hours from
.1 IV UIT I T.I L iranclsco; but. 9 mile*
I! l\ nil II II staging: new road through
,", . , canyon ; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130* F»hr
of wonderful curative properties no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annovlnz
insects unknown. Take Tibnron ferry at $:30
a. M. or 3:30 p. v. ., Round-trip ticket only -fa.
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall and express.
Rates fl2 a week ; baths free. *■«»*
■ '• ; - -' J. F. MU lore w, Proprietor.
CIMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel, riarin : Co., Cal.
THIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE-
X lightfnl climate forcamoing; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; line trout fishing, bath-
ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postoffice, express, telegraph and livery at
b< £ t ?™ ls^ er T rna «8 and $ia per week.
v ICTOK W. KIU CSS, Manager.
JOS. F, BERT KANI>, Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor at., Fridays. 2 to 4 p. it
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY. ' 7
A^AXrWAiS^^ 11 HEALTH, REST
XX. AND P I ' EA SURE: no statins; IA-milefrom
station. The only genuine Seltzer Sprigs In ™£
United States ana the celebrated Lytton Geyser
T^egdiss. Wonderfal curative properties!
Table flrst-class. Send for circulars. ■
CALIFORNIA HOTEL,
Broadgnuee Depot,
.: Summer Resort for Famlliei*.
Rates $8 to $10. A. BEItO, Manager.
OLD REOINGTON PLACE,
"DTJRLINaAME, SAN MATEO COUNTY (OC-
JJ cup!edby Holtt's School for .boys), for Juno
and July.
Address ■■....V.IBA G.HOITT.
THE JORDAN HOUSE, SAN RAFAEL, CAL.
First-Class Family Boarding* House.
MRS. "J." F. JORDAN, Proprietress.
Beautiful View. Sixth Street,
Fine Grounds. .. - '-•.: Head of B. „
EL BONITO HOTEL
VOW OPEN ■< TO. TOURISTS FOR THE 1 ;
- -' season: tall and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: terms
reasonable. G.W. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,CaL
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On tne Border of Clear Lake.
LAKE COUNTY, OAL..
EkO YOU ENJOT A SUPERB CIJMATK,
' dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? rv.
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
■Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? (shortest sta-a
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Higblan 1
Springs.
>"ew hotel. Finest dining-room north of Baa
Francisco.
From San Francisco It cost* only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 91 50 to $2 50
per day or $10 to $16 per week. Take the a F.
and N. p. Hallway via Pleta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG. Manager.
fcan irancisco office. 316 Montgomery at.
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where yon may mingle with the light-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
snine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACB HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, CCalf. f
116 ProDrietorship of MR.
JOHN R. CHACE, off era all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower ot
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
\. m Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
SANTA CATALWA ISLASD.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFVi *
«J coast excnrs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropole now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets .and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaL
SODA BAY HOTEL. *•
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
is most Dlctnresque. Soda Spring Is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
&re unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus;
been opened. The table Is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
I camping grounds. . A coach will connect with the
I dally stage ; from ? Pieta and - Highland acrlngm
Adams, Seller, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco, 95 50; round trip, $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. W'YATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay, KMsey ville. Lake County, Cat ,
KLAIRATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, SISKIYOU COUNTY. CAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mad and
sulphur baths. .. . ' ,
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.'
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
I, %XX COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, ? 10: special
conveyance daily. For Information address JOHN
BPATJLDING, Seigler Springs, Lake County. Cat
* — — m
INWOOD FARM. '■
AN IDEAL SUMMER HOME.
For particulars and terms address
FIIKD N. SHELDEN,
. Sebaai-opol, Sonoma County. >.
HOTEL DE THORNTON, ." ...
POTTER VALLEY.
FIRST-CLASS IN EVERY RESPECT.
R. E. BADEn, PROPRIETOR.
Rates, $7 per week. Bath md all modern con-
veniences in connection wltn Ho:el. •
FOR A SUMMER OUTINQ.
FOR RENT FROM JUNE I— NEW COTTAGE,
6 rooms and bath; furnished; beautiful loca-
tion; 2 miles from Glen Ellen; * 10. Apply to
ttf-O. G. CLARK, '.
Office Welis, Fargo & Co., City.
IF YOU WANT TO HAVE A GOOD TIME
hnntfng and fishing where game ot all kinas is
plentiful, take the S. F. and N. P. R. R. to Ukiah,
Berryhill stage to Potter Valley, McMath's stage
to Hullville. P. O. address, Hullvllle, Lake Co. CaL
GLENBROOK
IS ONE OP THE MOST CHARMING RE-
sorts In the State. Fine scenery, hunting; and
lflshlng; excellent table. For circulars and farther
nrormatlon adaress O. W. R. TREDWAY,
■ ■ Proprietor. Glenbrook, Late County, Cal.
HOTEL LA HONDA— AMONG THE MANY
attractive summer resorts none offers more
genuine pleasure than La Honda, 17 miles from '
Redwo'-.l v>i v, on the coast side of the Sierra Mo-
reno Mountains, remarkable for climate, fishing
and hunting . camping, comforts and pleasures.
Tickets to.- the round trip via S. P. R. It. and
Knlghi's s'ngt ;■-. may be purchased in San Fran-
cisco for 94. MB& I. J. SEAKW, La Honda, Cal.
■piVERSIDE RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doeino County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; fiahlnsr, hunting, bathing and boat un-
surpassed, s Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. 4.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County. «
HOTEL DEL MAR— ON THE SEASHORE: 30
minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled: surf bathing: sailing, row-
Ing, fishing: bnse» mcc; all trains; children, $2
to ss per week: adults. «9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MAN AuKK
HOTF.L DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, CaL, or room 29,
Maze b mldlng. 8. F. ■ . - - "
T AtJREL DELL HOTEL, ON LAUREL DELL
J-i Lake (formerly Lower Bine Lake)— This pop-
ular resort opens to the public for the coming sea-
son with many improved facilities for entertaining
pleasure-seekers; ooattng and bathing free; no
pains will bs spared to provide a good table; terms
88 to 3112 per week; route S. F. and N. P. Railway;
through fare S3: round trip 9 50. Address H.
\V A M BOLD. Prop., Bertha P. P., Lake County .Cat.
SOLID COMFORT HOME RESORT— MILES *
from Napa City, on Mount Veder; elevation
1600 feet: mountain spring water; fine scenery;
healthiest climate; positive cure for asthma; good
board and room $8 per week: open to Ist of Janu-
ary ; fare from Nupa City $1 60 via Phoenix Livery
Stable, Address MRS. A. F. ALLEN, Napa City.
QARATOG A SPRINGS, 1 LAKE COUNTY, CAL. <•
O —The most beautiful summer resort In th*
State: - 8 different springs; : sulphur, soda, iron, ,
magnesia, seltzer, etc. ; good fishing and hunting;
accommodations first-class; rates 910 per week
and upward: table unexcelled: hard-finished
rooms en suite and cottages. • Address J. MAR-
TKNS, Bachelor Pos' office, Lake County, Cal. •
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT-NEW
hotel, now open; many new Improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
over the water; a naphtha launch, etc : good fishing
and hunting. Addresjj CARL MEYER, Bertha
P. P., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes.
A T k MONT. ■ SAN , - M ATEO - COUNTY,
xx board for summer months; private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HAXSEN.BeImon t . j±.
•;-L»ROOKSIDK FRUIT FARM; FINE SHADE:
±* plenty milk, cream, chickens and frnU; good
accommodations. /Address Brookslde. Napa. ° :
T ONG\VOOps, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT;
JLJ send for Illustrated pamphlet and terms. Ad-
dress Lougwoods, Napa, Cal. ;•.- . ■;• . ..TWO BOARDS AT WAR,
• -■■;] ■— : :-. ■
School aod Health Officials at
•;.' ■ a Deadlock Over Re
pairs.
MARKET-STREET LEASED LOT£.
A . Matter of Sanitation— the
, Supervisor From the First Did
Not Come to the Rescue.
"At this time the Board of Education is
leasing the school lots at Market and Fifth
streets from month to month," said Super
intendent C. B. Stone yesterday. "Since
the decision of the court that the depart
ment has no right to the buildings that
were erected by those who leased the
property the board is not inclined to rent
the property for any long period. The
property has become so valuable and so
many fine structures are being put up on
Market Btreet, that many of the members
of the board are of the opinion that better
structures ought to be erected in place of
the old ones that are standing there now.
But no one is anxious to put up first-class
buildings on a short lease, so we will have
to wait until the niee'.ing of the Legisla
ture. Then an effort will be made to have
an act passed to allow the board to lease
the property for terms, say from twenty
five to titty year?.
'•If we can obtain pern-isoion to l°ase
the property for twenty-five years, those
wlio ltase the land will have to erect
structures that will be an ornament to the
street, for that section is now within fire
limits, and any building built will have to
be of either brick or stone. There is only
one buildiii" that ha 3 reverted to the de
partment. That is tne one with the red
Jront, that belonged to H. M. Black and
he deeded it to the board. All the others,
as I said before, are on land ihat is leased
from mouth to month, and that will no
doubt be don« until after the meeting of
the Legislature.
"There is not at this time that har
mony between the nierubeis o( the Board
of Lducation and the members of the
Board of Health that ought to exist be
twten different bodies of the municipality,
and all this comes from the fact that the
Health Department insists upon having
all the schoolhouses placed in the best
sanitary condition.
"The Health Department in October 'ast
condemned a number of the school
buildings on the ground that they
were not in a satisfactory condition, and
for- a time it seemed as if these
schools would be closed. The Board of
Education argued that the closing of the
tcuoois would work serious injury, and as-
Berted that it could not do tne work de
manded for the reason that it was short of
funds and that the i-upervisers refused to
allow an appro r>riat ion for the purpose.
"The Board of Health was insistent and
ordeied the Lon&fellow and the Richmond
schools closed, but before any others were
closed a truce was struck and the Health
Department decided to allow matters to
remain in abeyance for the time being.'
"Of course," said an attache of the
Health Department yesterday, "the School
Board pleads inability to do the work for
xvant oi fumis, but the Health Department
would like to know what the Rchooi De
partment does with the $1,000,000 appro
priation, as there appears to be but little
to .show for i: outside the payment of
teachers' salaries. It is true that the
School Board has put the Richmond
.BchooJ in good sanitary condition iiid has
ma<te ;tempon\ry improvements at the I
Longfellow school; and to show the wis>- I
dom of the Board of Health in the prem
ises it may be necessary to state only that
the report of the inspector of the district
Eho-vvs that previous to the repairs at the
Longfellow school there was an average of
. twenty cases of scarlatina and that since
the r&pairs the number oi case's has come
down to an average of two a month. That,
ot course, speaks for itself.
"It there shouid at anytime be the ap
pearance of an epidemic at any of ihe
schools the Health Department would at
once order that school closed. The Health
Department will keep a watch on the dif
ferent schools and see that they are put
and kept in firsi-class sanitary condition."
"The Board of Education," said Deputy
Stone, "has done all that it can in the
matter of placing the schoolhouses in
proper sanitary condition, but it cannot
do more than it has done, for the reason
that it has not the means to do the work.
It applied to the Supervisors for a special
- appropriation for the purpose of putting
the schoolhouses in first-ciass condition,
as they ought to be, ami an itemized state
ment was prepared. What did the Super
visors do? They called in F. A. Hyde as
an expert, and he is a plausible talker.
What he said — glittering generalities — had
its influence and the request was denied.
There are fifty schoolbouses that have not
been painted in fifteen years; there are fifty
schoolhouses that have been without
proper plumbing for fiftean years, and
there are fifty schoolhouses that have not
been whitewashed for fifteen years, yet
Mr. Hyde stated that when he retired
from the board these were all in good con
dition. But when asked if they had de
teriated in nine months' time to the extent
tiiat such extensive repairs had to be made
he was unable to give an answer.
"We have done all we could| to comply
with the demands of the Board of Health.
We have put the Richmond and Sutro
schools in good condition, we have made
repairs in the Longfellow School, in the
Rincon School and temporary repairs in
the Rincon School to tae satisfaction of
tne Health Department, and bids are new
advertised for to put the Bernal Heights
school building in good condition.
"There is one thing, however. The
Health Department does not treat the
School Board as it does citizens. Take,
for instance, the Irving School on Broad
way, between Montgomery and Sansome
streets. There the school has a sewer that
connects with the main sewer. A previous
board gave the privilege to owners of
houses that front on a small street in the
rear of the school to make connections
with the school sewer. On that alloy
there are at least fifty tenants, some of
whom make wine and others do 1 know
not what. The refuse of the wiuemakers
and all other refuse finds its way into the
school Dewer, with the result that it be
comes choked and bursts, and the refuse
finds its way into the schoolyard. Then
the Board of Health, instead of going
after those who create the nuisance and
lender the schoolyard unsanitary, go for
the Board of Education.
"The board went after Joe King, the
Supervisor who represents that district,
aud urged upon him the necessity of mak
ing some otuer provisions for carrying off
the Bewerage which is forced into the
school sewer, but he would not do any
thing. Why? Well, there are some Indi
viduals in that alley who control votes
and King would not offend that class.
"There was one proposition and that
to build a cement wall at the rear end of
the school lot and in that way shut off
communication with the sewer, but that
was not acted upon and what is the result?
Why the Board of Education has to share
the blame of that for which, it is not re
sponsible.
"Next year we shall make another de
mand for a separate appropriation for
placing the school building's in the condi
tion they should be. The Board of Health
wanted the Echool board to cut down the
teacher's salaries, but the members of this
board will not do that.
"At this time." continued the Deputy
Superintendent, "there appears to be a
falling off in the attendance in tne schools
and the reports show that it is due to the
fact that the children are forced to attend
to church duties and to the prevalence of
mumps.
"Tbe school census marshal is about
closing up his report, but his figure? are
not in condition at this time to state if it
will show an increase or decrease in the
number of children of school age."
HE PROVED AN ALIBI
Jacob Gauib, Who Was Charged With
Picking a Woman's Pocket.
Jacob Gauib, who was arrested on Thurs
day night on the charge of picking the
rocket of Mrs. Nora Geary. 208 Jones
street, while she standing on the corner of
Ellis and Market watching the Salvation
Army parade, nppeared before Judge
Campbell yesterday morning to answer
to the charge.
It developed that the defendant is a re
spected citizen of Gaskill,Del Norte County,
and came here to be treated for pulmonary
troubles. He was stopping at the New
Golden Gate Hotel, on Fourth street, and
the proprietor of the hotel testified posi
tiveiy that he did not leave his room on the
evening in question, which was corrobo
rated by other witnesses.
Mrs. Geary said she identified him
as the man whom she saw standing beside
her when she discovered that her purse
had been stolen, but the Judge dismissed
the case, as he considered an alibi had
been established.
CALLED OUT ON STRIKE.
Building Trades Council Actively
Pushing the Working
Card.
One Contractor Wanted to Use a Scant
ling Upon the Visiting Com
mittee.
Early yesterday morning a dozen or
more committees from the Building Trades
Council started out to see that tbe coun
cil's tforkinc card is enforced throughout
the City. Each body took a district and
visited every job where building is being
done. As previously stated in The Call
the purpose was to strike every mixed job,
that is where union and non-union men
are at work together, and to uphold the
painters' and carpenters' demand for ?3,
minimum rate of wages for eight hours'
work.
A previous canvass of tbe field led to the
belief that the majority of the contractors
were not unfriendly to the union's de
mands, but it was also known that it
would be necessary to strike a number of
jobs. The belief in both instances proved
to be well founded.
At the meeting j r esterday the chairmen
of committees reported the results of their
efforts during the earlier part of the day.
In many places they were well received
by the bosses and the union men. Many
of the latter, in spite of previous direc
tions, had forgotten to take their cards
with them to work. Their forgetfalnes3
caused considerable annoyance and not a
few were compelled to quit work and go
for their cards.
It was not all plain sailing for the com
mittees and a number of strikes were
ordered. On a job on Twenty-fourth and
Folsom streets the committee found the
carpenters working for $2 60 a day. They
were ordered to strike for $3. This so en
raged the boss that he decided to do a
little striking on his own hook. He
seized a piece of scantling and
rushed upon the committee, but changed
his mind when he found that they could
do a little of that striking thvmselvps.
He abuse.! the men roundly, but they
stood their ground, and did not leave un
| til the entire iob was tied up, and more
success was achieve! tnan anticipated, for
with the seven carpenters who went out
I there was a force of plumbers who are not
j attached to any union, but who sympa
thized with the union's demands.
Oa the next corner, Twenty-fourth and
Howard streets, another job waß struck
for the same reason. The boss was only
paying hi 3 men $2 50 and was also havinjj
j piecework done. Like the other he, too,
indulged in abusing the committee, but to
no purpose.
On McAllister and Baker street 3 another
i job was struck because of the presence of
| non-union men dm tl:e job. Several other
unimportant calls to quit work were made
and nearly all responded.
Among the unfair jobs reported was one
in the Mission, where non-union painters
at work for Quadt are painting a church.
Another is a gang of nine non-union car
penters who are at work constructing the
i scenic railway at Sutro Heights. Nothing
could be done with either gang. The
work of yesterday will be resumed with
vigor to-day.
FISH FROM SAN DIEGO.
Lakes Near Pacramento That Have
Been Stocked With Them.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Wilson and
Cross returned from San Diogo last week
with a third shipment of bas3 and perch,
which are now enjoying the cool water of
their new homes near Sacramento.
Seventeen large-moulh bass and about
thirty perch were placed in Bushey Lake,
which is about three miles distant from
Sacramento.
Thirty bass and about the same number
of perch were eiven their liberty in Grape
vine Lake, which is eleven miles from Sac
ramento. The laiance of the consign
ment were olaced in Folsom Lake. The
deputies will soon return from another
trip to San Diego with a large number of
bass and perch, which may be placed in
Russian River, near Cloverdale.
A letter to The Call from a resident of
Duncans Mills states that the fishermen
who live near the mouth of Russian River
have been using nets of very small dimen
sions with the object of catching small
bteelheads, which are now running up the
river in large schools. One day of last
week, with a single haul of a net in a deep
pool near the mouth of the Russian, 500
pounds of steelheads were taken. The
fishes that have been captured by illegal
means average about one pound, and if
allowed to ascend the river would stock
the small streams and afford splendid
sport for anglers.
SERIES OF MISFORTUNES.
Abraham Marks, a Peddler, It Injured
and Loses His Horse.
Abraham Marks, a peddler Hying at
647 Jessie street, had a series of misfor
tunes happen to him yesterday afternoon.
His horse ran away on McAllister street,
colliding with a cable -car at Octavia
street Marks was thrown out and was
injured on the right hip and elbow. The
wagon was smashed and the horse ran
away, but was overtaken by a mounted
policeman.
Marks was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and the mounted policeman started
with the horse for its stable on Jessie
street. On the>way he met Secretary Hol
brook of the Society for tbe Prevention of
Cruelty to Animals, on Seventh street
who ordered the officer to shoot the horse
Its bones were sticking out of its skin and
It was more dead than alive. The officer
refused and Holbrook threatened to arrest
him.
Dr. Creely, veterinary surgeon for the
Board of Health, happened along and the
position of mattere was explained to him.
He pulled out his pistol and skillfully
killed tbe animal with one shot Marks
hired the animal, and the owner now
threatens to make him pay for it
The Pacifies* Opening JEvent.
The Pacific Yacht Clab will hay* a Jolly time
at its clubhouse in Sausalito next Saturday
evening. Cards announcing that the opening
day will be May 9 nave been mailed to each
member. A tug conveying guests and mem
bers to Sausalito wIH leave Mission wharf
1 at 7 o'clock Saturday evening, returning
from fc'ausalito At 11.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY o, 1896.
DECADENCE OF NATIONS,
Dr. Voorsanger Lectures on
the Evolution of
Peoples.
ELOQUENT TRIBUTE TO "VETS."
Metropolitan Temple Crowded at a
Benefit for the Exempt Fire
Company.
A very large crowd filled the main floor
and galleries of Metropolitan Temple last
eveniug to hear Rev. Dr. Jacob Voor
sanger's lecture for the benefit of the
Exempt Fire Company.
President Bohen introduced the lecturer
with a few concise remarks as to hia kind
ness in volunteering his services for the
evening, stating that the proceeds of the
lecture would be devoted toward keeping
the last resting place of the old firemen in
Laurel Hill Cemetery in proper condition.
"Ladies and gentlemen," began Dr.
Voorsan^er, but prolonged cheering and
hand-clapping forced him to pause for a
short space. "In my address this evening
I intended to appear in one of the fire
men's buff coats, but the boys advised me
against it. saying that I was too young. I
suppose they thought that only those who
havo had actual service in running with
the machine are entitled to that honor.
"Some time ago they made me an asso
ciate member, but they would not let me
pay my dues; so I choose to do it in this
munner.
••Perhaps many of the old pioneers are
here to-nieht, and can remember many of
the incidents of the days of '49. As my
lecture is to deal with the decadence of
nations in some degree, their knowledge
of the changes that have taken place since
the days of the pioneers will help them
better to understand the changes that may
take place in two or three thousand years.
We are going to show you something novel
to-night— something, perhaps, that you
have never seen before."
Dr. Voorsanger then drew a vivid word
picture of the time when Egypt, Rome
and Assyria were in the height of their
splendor, rfc compared the degree of per
fection they had attained in civilization
with the past and present, spoke of the
great deeds done in this period and men
tioned many of the notable men concerned
in them.
"Now," he said, "yon may sail up the
Nile and see the sphinx, the pyramids and
other relics of ancient civilization, but
they give only a fleeting thought of the
proud armies that marched up and down
the land; of the kings and queens ruling
in all the splendor that inevitably accom
pani s unlimited power, and of the great
things done and the great thoughts ut
tered.
"Ah, my friends, should this not con
vince us at least that there is a possibility
of all the great nations of the world to-day
falling into the same sad state? It will
not be denied by any man that only those
civilizations deserve to be perpetuated
which rear proud monuments indicating
grand and noble deeds done for the ad
vancement and happiness of mankind."
Here Dr. Voorsanger said that he wqnld
take the audience throueh these ancient
nations of Palestine and Etrypt by means
of stereopticon views. Upon the* canvas
were projected scenes from the two lands,
embracing reproductions from nature, pic
tures of ancient ruins, plans of the great
temple in Jerusalem, scenes along the
banks of the Euphrates, the Tigris, the
Niie and the Jordan; street scenes in
Damascus and Jerusalem, pictures of an
cient statuary, and photographs of such
characters as the patriarchs and Rameses
the Great.
The lecturer gave a detailed description
and short history of each of the views as
they were presented.
One view cast upon the canvas repre
sented a modern cemetery. Coming, as it
did, immediately after an ancient view,
tbe audience suddenly quieted aud there
was an expectant hush.
"My friends," said Dr. Voorsanger slowly
and impressively, "I am glad that you
recognize this scene as not being in Pales
tine. It is a point on the Point Lobosroad,
and those monuments mark the spot
where lived men who spent many years of
their life in faithful service in the Fire
Department of this City."
At the close a vote of thanks was ten
dered the reverend gentleman for his gen
erosity In behalf of the old veterans.
MRS. TUNNELL APPEARS,
Dr. Brown Secretly Visits Her
Twice, and She Again
Vanishes.
She Lets Sip V.ry Significai
Remarks, and Calls Mrs. David
son a Traitor.
Mrs. Tunnell. the valuable witness who
so successfully evaded the Brown trial,
has been seen recently in Stockton, where
she was conversed with by persons who
know her well, and was twice visited by
the Rev. Dr. Charles O. Brown himself.
On last Friday she disappeared again as
suddenly as she had appeared eight days
before, paying all her bills immediately
alter Dr. Brown's second visit.
The Stockton Record of Saturday came
out with along story substantiated by inter
views with the persons to whom Mrs. Tun
nell had let slip some suggestive remarks
during her secret stay in that city. She ar
rived from San Diego on the 1 :10 train on
April 22, and the next day Dr. Brown
called on her at the lodging- house where
she stopped. Both times he came up ou
one afternoon train and returned by the
next, ramaining only about an hour.
When asked why she had come to
Btockton she laughed and answered, "Oh,
that's my business." Her host, to whose'
luncheon table she was a seli-invited guest
on the last day of h6r stay, questioned her
as to the reason for her evasion of the
trial and ncr refusal to testify. She de
clared it had been because she did not
want to be mixed up in the scandal. Then
she was asked: "If Dr. Brown and Miss
Overman were innocent and you knew it
did you not consider it your duty, as a
Christian woman, to remain and testify to
the truth, scandal or no scandal?"
That brought what practically amounted
to a confession of their guilt; "Dut," she
added, "he is not the first good man who
has fallen, and they have treated him very
hard."
Mattie, she asserted, was in Mexico, in
constant receipt of letters from Dr.
Brown; but she "would never be the
same light-hearted girl again.*' Dr.
Brown was not to blame. He had been
"a good friend to the poor girl, no matter
what people said, and Mattie was as true
to him as ever."
Mrs. Tunnell attended the Rev. Anna
Shaw's meetings and other religions ser
vices in Stockton, and on Sunday, April
26, she stood up in the Central Methodist
Church and gave testimony on what the
Lord haa been doing for her.
Mrs. Davidson, she said, was "the worst
of the lot and should have been punished
for her treachery," for she had used confi
dential information for her own benefit.
A remark significant in itself was her
statement that she was Deing cared for
and thought the worst of her hard times
wa3 over.
Dr. Brown was out yesterday, but de
clined to be interviewed in the evening.
WANTED FOR EMBEZZLEMENT.
Warrant Oat for the Arrest of Mrs. C.
A. Douglas.
J. Harry Scott, a dealer in pianos, swore
out a warrant in Judge Joachimsen's
court yesterday for the arre3t of Mrs. C.
A. Douglas, alias Jennie Morgan, on the
charge of felony embezzlement.
In March last Mrs. Douglas bought a
piano from Scott on the installment plan.
She gave her address as 29 Eddy street
and said her husband was a farmer in
Oakland. She wanted the piano for her
little girl, who was learning music.
She paid the first installment, but as she
failed to pay the next Scott made Inquiry
and found that she had sold the piano
for $G0 to Professor Bonelli. a teacher of
music at 215 Bush street. Mrs. Douglas is
now an inmate of the City and County
Hospital.
Detective Anthony has the warrant and
will serve it upon the woman as soon as
she is able to leave the institution.
DIVINITY AT BERKELEY.
The Christian Church to Open a
Seminary at the Uni
versity.
The Regents Approve and $60,000 of
Endowment Has Already Been
S cured.
The Christian church ia to establish a
divinity school in Berkeley in connection
with the State University. Members of
the Board of Regents have been consulted
and have giwen the plan their indorse
ment. More than $60,000 of endowment
has been already secured, and Attorney A.
M. McCoy of Red Bluff is drawing up the
articles of incorporation. The school will
open in the fall at the same time with the
university.
"The Christian church has had several
divinity schools in the West heretofere."
said Rev. W. A. Gardner, pastor of the
West Side Christian Church, yesterday,
"but we have decided to abandon them —
or rather, to consolidate them — and to de
vote all oar energies to the Berkeley
school. You see we have come to the
conclusion that we cannot successfully
compete with the great universities, and
so we propose to co-operate.
"The new institution will be called the
Berkeley Bible Seminary, and it wili open
in the fall with about thirty-live students.
The name 'Bible Seminary' is peculiarly
appropriate for a divinity school of our
church for tbe reason that we have cut
loose from all human creeds and systems
of theology and devote our chief
attention to a study of the Scripture
itself, leaving each student free to jud^e of
its teachings and to interpret its text for
himself.
''The seminary will be connected with
the university to a degree. President Kel
logg and others of the regents have been
consulted and they favor us. Of course
any one may enter the university, but we
will have our own proiessor of moral phil
osophy, and it has been conceded to us
that our students, provided our professor
is satisfactory to the regents, may count
their course with our professor of philoso
phy in their regular work for their degree
and will not be obliged to study under
Professor Howison.
"The course of study ? Well, as'to that I
cannot accurately inform you. Professor
J. M. Morse of Modesto and Professor H.
D. McAueney compose the committee
having that in charge. In our schools,
however, we have alwayß had two regular
courses. One lastine two years deals
almost exclusively with the" Bible and
textbooks bearing thereon; the other,
lasting four year?, includes the first and
adds many branches and the languages
as well. At Berkeley now Hebrew is
taught in the regular course and this was
brought about chiefly through our influ
ence."
A CHARGE OF FORGERY.
Warrant Sworn Out for the Arrest of
Edgar W. Beldon.
Tbe police are searching for a man who
has been passing a number of forged
checks for small amounts upon grocery
men and keepers of lode ing-houses.
Yesterday morning he went to the gro
cery of Michael Galvin, 1701 Mission street,
aud bought a few articles, giving him in
NEW TO-DAY.
COFFIN NAILS.
"Just One More," She Cried, as
She Breathed Her Last
Beautiful Minnie McCorkle— . Fol-
lows Her Brother Into Eternity
Via Cigarette Route.
•~s^-»r-^L,^^A^re l^C tle <i t° the
S ke a ?eif S
f •■ *aK* than a year
°* s *' ago a brother,
robust and manly, just entering upon a pros-
perous career, placed a pipe stick between his
lips and started to smoke his life away. It set
his nerves on lire and gradually undermined
his reason, until within a short time ago, he
died, a raring maniac. .
His sister smoked cigarettes before he died.
To-day it comes over the wire that even with
the terrible object lesson found at the death-
bed of her maniac brother, she could not
break the. cigarette habit. She smoked on
until five boxes a day failed to keep her quiet,
and as she lay dying, piteously she cried for
"Just One More . Cigarette 1" Strong and
beautiful as she once was. cigarettes enslaved
her, reduced her to a mere skeleton, and de-
throned her reason.
Tobacco-n«ers, don't you think It time to
call a haltT. Can't you hear the warning
death-rattle ringing in your . ears? Better
take time to titrate the merits of No-To-
Bac, which is absolutely guaranteed to relieve
you of the tobacco habit in - every form, make
your nerves strong, and put you in possession
of all the enjoyment and good things of life
that belong to a well, vigorous, strong, happy
man. ". . ■ • '•* . " •,. .• ■
No-To-Bac will 'do all . this and more. ' Why
not try it? You run no physical or financial
risk.. Over 300,000 have been cured. Yon can
get samples free, with booklet, if you simply
address The Sterling Remedy Co., New York
or Chicago; or you can buy three boxes from
your druggist under an absolute guarantee to
cure. ■ .. .
Beware of fraudulent substitutes and imita-
tions. There Is only one guaranteed cure—
NO-TO-BAC. It is time-tested and tried. See
that you get it and take no other.
Irisjirs Indian Vegetable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
HICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, l'lmpl'es, and
purify the blood. • ■ - * ,
ulUiMalloulioblllb Ilillllo
i With this remedy; persons can euro themselves
without , the j least exposure, change of ■ diet, or
change in application to business. .The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to th 9
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. l*rice *1 »
botUe. MajMß
payment a check for $6 50 on tbe London
and San Francisco Bank payable to Edear
W. Beldon and signed an% indorsed "Mrs.
E. Biller."
Galvin presented the check at the bank
and it was f rononnced a forgery, no such
person as Mrs. E. Biller having an account
with the bank. Galvin immediately went
to Judge Low's court and swore out a war
rant for the arrest of Edgar W. Beldon on
the charge of forgery. He was able to give
the police a good description of the man
and it is expected he will be behind the
bars soon.
DEFENDED HIS FATHER.
Eddie MrKnijht Wounded on the Head
and Stabbed in the Chest.
H. A. McKnight, a laborer, living at 52
Natoma street, and bis son Eddie, 15 years
of ace, were standing in front of the house
about 5 o'clock yesterday afternoon when
two men drove ud in a buggy.
One man jumped out, and, going up tn
McKnight, accused him of having insulted
him. He struck McKnight in the eye,
bruising it. Eddie sprang to his father's
assistance and knocked the man down .
The other man tnen jumped from the
buzgy with a bottle in his hand and hit
Eddie over the head with it, inflicting a
scalp wound. The man who was knocked
down had got on his feet again and, he
stabbed Eddie in the left breast. Both
then iumped into the buggy and drove off.
Eddie was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital in the patrol wacon and Dr. Weil
dressed his wounds, whicn are not danger.
oub. He said that the man who stabbed
him was Matt Brown, an extraman on en
gine 8, and the man who struck him on
the head with a bottle was John Schmidt.
Brown and Schmidt were arrested.
NEW -TO-DAY.
»¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥*
J Special Saving Sale J
♦ — <#
1 Haviland I
I China |
* . >^\ With ♦
♦ f*tZ\ Beautiful «
* (P* w^f Hand- <*
♦ Jr JjT ' painted <*
♦ /^&\ 3^ ' Decora- ♦
ft ~ / ■ X \\. '' t*ri ■*' tions. ♦
♦»/ -^!^V X <-*' These «
♦ Yf^R'C^SjS J **^ prices— ♦
* V^^&WOl "' tor Mon-«
♦ t\ - _-A^CrT4vv fas*) day.Tues- ♦
! * -F*vS, Jj!^^F& Wednes- *
<& /£ v--*^^^=*^ day only ♦
♦ f{\ |\~*^»*^^-^— *^*^ — are one- V
♦ I Pi \ 1^ third less ♦
♦ \ * / \ 1 than reg- ♦
♦ \/| V .". .- ular val- <*
♦ \>d " ties. Tea ♦
* X** Cups and ♦
♦ Saucers, 25c; Coffee Cups and Sauc- 4*
♦ ers, 35c: After-dinner Coffee, 20c: ♦
* Dessert Plates, 20c ; Large Plates, 25c. *
♦ See them in the window. 4
<*■;:. - ; ■. ■: , . 4
% THAT BIG CHINA store- *
* A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's, *
♦ WAN&ENHEIM, BTESHEEIM & 00., $
♦ 528 and 530 Market St., $
♦27 and 29 Sutter St., *
* BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
* : ' ■- . • - *
,-. *C First tf) *•*
V&f^P VU.fay't Ql Week
fe\p£' If They were
'yijk. not all we
W*W) Claim for
%ffirM\ h them, would
I to| we do l **
\L// \i• if Catalog and Application
C*-' %£/ Blank Free
The offer applies only to resident* of San
Francisco, Oakland, Berkeley and AlameUg.
Oakland Agency
17th St. A San Pablo Awe, Reliant* tldg.
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
18 & 20 McAllister St., San Francisco
OPEN EVENINaS
PHOTO MOUNT AM) CARD M'FG. CO.
Dealers in Cardboard.
Manufacturers op • - .
PHOTO MOUNTS
CARDS OP ALL DESCRIPTIONS,
EMBOSSINO.:
RAGGED EDGING, ETC..........
ARTISTIC SOUVENIRS.
PROGRAnnes. henus... ;.::;.-
LABELS. SHOW CARDS, ETC..
IIW. COR, OF CLAY AND SMSOME STS.
WAGOJS. CARRIAGES AID HARNESS.
_ J - f TB3ißn»^ Fifty per cent ' saved !
tfJfisHSifcV Factory prices— Send
\ iVj^J Carts $15 to $35
\|^*>flvk' Bungles «75 to 120
JBV* .ZsmBVTTS. Cnrrtage«..*lOO to *VOJ
•^Fif^^^HßW/A Wagons. . . . 50 10 $100
rnnmifnri*lEr I Harness u>«2s
l-PBBH^F?J*^lFf^7i We ship everywhere.
Xj»O>£c X/XY^n^fa Carriage Ca, 36% to
*^ J *^ '"*44% Fremont at,, a. F.
COSMOPOLITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth si., Han
>rarioisco, Cal.— The most select family hotel In
the city. Board anl room. $1, 91 25 and $1 50 pet
day, according to room. Meals -sc. licoms, -">Jj
and 780 a day. - Free coach to and from the hotel.
look for the coaou bearing the Sam* o( the Co*-
mopolitan Hotel. > WM. I'aUKY, Proprietor
''sillUC Vnil Bore Toroat, Pimplea, Copper m
:WIA"fC lUU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores.
infiUl-crs In Jlonth, Halr-lallingl Wrlto COOS, fa
KaUEMEDY CO., 307 BSajionlc Temple, J
j»lC'hica.go. 111., lor proofs of .cures. Cupi-ftS
gß>u.l, S&OO.OOO. Worst cases cured In 1509
Onto 85 day»« - 100-page boo It, free. A
fIBBHI^HRMHHiMKBMBBESnSnEix9*
ft ■■ AH •*• laxative refreshing foi
I v H X fruit loronse.
In If I nil very asrn'eabie to tafee.
CONSTIPATION
B mm hemorrhoids, bile,
I al II 1 L »I loss of appetite, gastric an*
CIS 3£ 1 |T am intestinal troubles and
I II UP I la II headnche arising
from them. >
Anil I All E. GALLON,
I« XI " 1 IM S3 Roe dM Archive*, Part*
VPi ILLU 11 Sold by all DnsxlMU.
.»'^^BggWfefcft>i.ar Biff €» i« a non-poisonous
£4* c 4£l£&&v* u *%h£M remedy for Gonorrhoea,
jm/Sr CPKEh^B Gleet, Spermatorrhwa,
JSBSw la 1 tob J »T».^B Whites, unnatural <lts-
JKHF GmrmDUml M charges, or any inflamma-
«*«»jS Dot to gtrieiure. tion. irritation or ulcera-
p™ *3freTcnu eoaufioo. tion of mucous njera-
KSltheEvanS ChewicilCo. branes. Non-astringent.
lrtskciNcimTi.ci BKSS Sold by Dp I «*»
V 8 a aSSSt or sont > a Plain wrapper,
J^SS^J ' J/W^ra by express, prepaid, f*r
r^mHmtUl3a*^m\ 1 - 00 -' or 3 bottles, §2.r-.
* " ifntßriti B Circular cent on - test.
(» /patents! J
MARKET ST.S.F^S^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE AMI AM A IJITTKRS, THB
O great Mexican . Remedy ; (lye* Health. aaJ
btrenstU to iuo aoxual Organ*
.-NEW TO-DAY- DRY GOODS. - . , \
ssHirii
— — — I3Nr -T — — ....:..:-■
NEW AND STYLISH
FANCY SILKS I
' ' "'" ■■'■ "■ '" -' , " * " '
For the purpose of offering EXTRA INDUCEMENTS for this
week's trade WE CUT OUR ADVERTISING SPACE DOWN TO
HALF the usual size and TURN THE DIFFERENCE IN COST OVER
TO OUR CUSTOMERS by cutting prices just that much lower on
the following and many other lines of new and stylish goods - k
SPECIALLY OFFERED THIS WEEK!
.A.* . SB Cents a. Yard.
2000 yards FANCY FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regular price $1, marked down to
55c a yard.
-A-t SS Cents a TT Aird.
1500 yards COLORED STRIPED ARMURB SILK, regular price $1, marked down to
; 55c a yard. ,;^ ; > v^:yV, . :-:
>. -A.t 83 Cents a* Tard.
1500 yards CHANGEABLE FIGURED TAFFETA BILK, regular price |1, marked
. down to 55c a yard. v
j£k.t OS Cents c* Yard.
1300 yards STRIPED, FIGURED AND PLAID TAFFETA BILK, regular prioe $1. -
marked down to 55c a yard.
jAAi 75 Contat a, Yard.
1200 yards CHANGEABLE DOTTED AND FIGURED TAFFETA SILK, regular
• price $1 50, marked down to 75c a yard. ■ ■ ■
-A.t 78 Conts A. TE~A.x*<3..
1000 yards FIGURED ARMURE SILK, regular price $1 50, marked dawn to 75c & yard.
-A_t 75 Cents a, "yard.
800 yards CHANGEABLE BENGALINE SILK, regular price $1 50, marked down to
75c a yard. •• ;
EXTRA special!
■ .^.t SO Cents a. TETax-d..
100 pieces JAPANESE WASH SILKS, in stripes, checks and plaid designs, regular
price 35c, marked down to 20c a yard.
JO- OUR NEW SPRING CATALOGUE la now ready fop distribution to our
COUNTRY PATRONS ONLY, to whom it will be mailed free on receipt of address.
/g/jS^^ MURPHY BUILDING* /
(/(/ Mattel Street, corner ef Jus, /
RAILROAD TRAVEL
SOUTHKXM pacific COM PA T.
' V • (paenrac HYBTEJf.)
Trnlu« leave itnil two duo to Mrrlve at
: SAN I'UA.XCISCU.
leave . — Fno>r May 3, ISO 6. — : Anr.ivi
*8:OOa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations. . . 8:43 a
7:»0a Atlantic Kxpresa, Of 1 ™ and Kant.. 8:4."»p
7:00 a Bcnicla, , Vacuville. llmcsoy. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Davis . . . 6:43p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga anil hanta liosa 6:lSp
■:3Oa Niles, Sau Jose, Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Jlarjsvi]l.\ .Bluff
ami Sundays exceptcd ... 4 : 1 5p
•8:38 \ Peters and Milton *T:lSp
j 9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Darliara and I.os Angeles 4:4.1p
9:00 a. Martinez and Stockton..... 10:15 a,
9:OOa Vallejo :..... O:J5p
l:OOi> Niles, San Joao and Liver more M:l3a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »O:OOp
1 1 :3Op Port Costa and Way Stations. ....... 7:45p
4:00p Martinez, Ran ltamon. Vnllojo.
Napa, < f a!ist'.)ga, El Veratio and ■ •
K.mta llo»:». .......,., 9:13 a
4:*«p Bonicia, Vtcayille, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville,
i >rovil)o and Sacramento 10:43 a
4i3*j? Nilos, San Jose, livermcre and
Stockton 7:15p
4:30p Merced. Uerenda, . Raymond . (for
YorcraKe) and Fresno 11:45 a
»»:•*? New Orleans Kxproca, l'rrsiso. Bakers-
field, Santa l!;ubnva,l.os Angeles,
, a Dcmiiic, El l'aso, New Oilcans and
East 1«:1«A
SiOOp Santa Fa Konte. Atlantic Express
for Mojave anil East..... 10:1Sa
S:«0p Vallejo :.. 11:45 a
0:001' European Hail, Ostlen and East.... 9:15 a
O:00i> llayu'iirOs, Nllcaaud San J05e...... I 7i-I."»a
}7:OOp Va11ej0...... j7:43p
• 7UM)pOtc(tonExprpBS,Sarrameuto, Marys-
Tillo, Redding; I'ortlaiKl, Tugct
- Hoiuul am! l.aßt 10:43 a
SANTA «;U( / DIVISION (Narrow Hangej.
J7:43a Santi Cruz Excursion, Santa Cruz
- and Principal Way Stations ...... }8:0Sr
• :15a Novravl:,Ceiitervillo,Saii.loBe,Fclton,
i Joulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations : S:3«p
*StlBp Newark, Centerrille, San Joso, New
Almaden, Fclton, Boulder Creek. ' '
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
StaUons MI:2Oa
4:15 Newark. San Jose end Los (.'atog 9:50 a
tl) AST HI VISION (Iliinl * Tuwukcihl Sin.)
•0:13 a San Jose and Way Station* (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y)...,... *li4Sr
t7iSttA. Sunday Excursion for » San Jose, *
'Santa Cruz, Pacific OroTe, and
Principal Way Stations „... tBi39p
tilS a San Jose, Tres l'iuos, .Santa Cms, r ■
Pacilla Orore. Paso Roblcs. San
. - Luis Olilspo, Guadalupo ami Prin-
\ cipal Way Statious 7:03 1
:9:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations. fl:43p
I OilO a San Joso ami Way Stations... 3:00p
I 1 :43a Palo Alto and Way Stations. : 3:30p
•*:3 or Sail Jose, CUroy, Tres Pinos, Santa
Cruz, Salinas, on terry ai id I'acilio
Orovo : *I0:40a
•3:: tOp San Jose ami Principal Way Stations U:47a
•4:3oi> San Jose anil Way Stations »N:OOa
San Joso and Way Stations •8:-1 Ha
O::iOp San Josoaud Way Stations C:3.la
fll<43p San Josoantl Way Stations -)7:-isp
SAN litaaDKO A.M> HAYffABDs L(MALr~
i»S:00A "I "^ ■ - ( 7:1
8:00 a ■ . . tO:4SA
I«.o8t Seminary Park, ft?,**
*":2Sp Flteb*ws,B«ifcMdr» »fi«^
; 2:S2pT « d • ■ --SSS?
n:3op - Haywaris. 7j45^
7ioop , 8:41p
»:*oop i Runs through to Nile.. '. ,?£?
Hlltl3pj tFromNUcs. UtJ2:QOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fron SAH f RIHCISCO— Foot or M»rk«t Street (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:CO 11:00 A.M. tl:00 *2:00 13:00
•4:00 tS:OO •6:00r.u.
FrtmOilUHD— Foot «rßroidwiT.— «C:00 ■ 8:00
10:00 a.m. 112:03 *l:00 t2:00 *3:00 ti:C3
*g:OOr.M. - •■- ■ . ■•-
-1 ' "■; A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays accepted. ' ■'■ . f Saturdays only.
fir W & PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
ePECTALTV-niS|.:As;;s OF MEN, IXCLUD-
~J3I nil forms of Hlood. Skin and Nervous Dig-,:
private natnre. Over JO years' experience.
Book sent free, ; I'atlents cnre«l nt Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. » to .1 dally: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly oonfldciuial. Callornddress - - :- .
P. BOSt'OC JifSBLTY, n. n..
*«% HfaiDj Street, San Franelico, Cal.
[ NOTARY PUBLIC.
pHARI.ES H. PHILLIPS, ATTOBNET-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market St., oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. " Residence 1620
tfellsi. Telephone, "Pine "2591.
RAILROAD TRAVEL .
SMFRMCISCO&MTfIPA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
. San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:SO, 9:00, 11:00 A.M.; 12:35.
8:30, 6:10, 8:30 P.M. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:5
and 11:30 P. U. .
SUNDAYS— 7:3O, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 8:30*
6:00, 8:20 P.M.
San Kafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS-6:15, 7:60, 9:10, 11:10 a. m..
12 :46, 3 :40, 5 : 1 0 p. m . Saturdays— Extra trlpi
at 1:85 p. it. and 6:35 r. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:35> 11:1 ° A. It; 1:40, 8:40.
5 :00, 6 :25 P. it.
Between San Francisco and Bchuetsen Park same
schedule as above. .
JL ** Te Tn effort Arrive "
San Francisco. A pr"^ San Francisco.
Week I Sun- UMU^ax,,,- Sow I Wkk"
Days. ) bath, destination. pAT)|> | Da y8 _
7:30 am 7:30 am If ovato, 10:40 am 8:40 ah
3:30 fm, 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:05 10:10 am
6:10 pmj 0:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 0:15 pu
"^ Fulton, ~
7:30 am Windsor, . 10:10 am
Heatdsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:30 pm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:16 pm
Vleta, ■
7:30 am _' Hopland A 10:10 am
3:30 pm 7:30 am Uklah. 7:30 pm! 6:15 pj»
7:30 am • j . 110:10 am,
7:30 am Ouernevllle. 7:30 pm
3:30 pm i j [ 6:15 pm
7:Foam 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 am I 8:40 am
5:10 6:00 phi and j 6:05 Pit; 6:15 pm
■ j - I Glen Ellen. . |
7:30 AM 1 7: 52 A3( ! SenaatoDoL 110:40 am 110:10 am
3:3opm|6:oopm| P^PMtopoL | 6:05 pm|- 6:15 pm
Staves- connect at Santa Rom for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaßgs Springs: at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; atpietafor Highland
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and i-akeport ; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs; at
Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper LaKe, Porno, Potter
\ alley. John Day's, Llertey Bucknell'a, Sanhed-
rin Heights, Gravelly Valley, Booneville, Green-
wood, orr's Hot Springs. Mendoclno City, Fort
Bra West port, Usal, WUlets, Cahto, Covelo,
Layuraville, Harris, Scotia aDd Eureka.
Saturday 10 Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
On Sundays ronnd-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle building.
H. C. WHITIXG. R. x. RYAN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic *£^tsjs&?*^
RAILROAD mttP^i
Trains leave from and arrive "C^PjcSv?]?
at Market-Street Ferry. '^P^^^^^^l
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & " P- D j re <* , *-'"•
P^?L^^
via Kansas City without change. Annex cart lot
Denver and St. Louis. ; . i Ili : -, i3r
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train . Dally, . with Dining-cars,
■nder Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. M. and 6 p. M. daily.
The best railway from California to the Emu
New rails, new ties; no dnst: Interesting scenery |
and good meals In Harvey's dining-room or dialog
****■ Ticket Offlce-044 Market Street,
Ch«uiid» Building.
KORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausallto Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 29, 1896.
WEEKDAYS. -
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7 :CO, »8?00
•9:15 10:15, 11:45, a. it: »1:15, 3:io, 4:15,
6:15. *«:00. 6:35 p.m. .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, WadM» ,
oays and Saturdays at 11 :3O p. m. •
• SUNDAYS.
For lIIU Valley . and S&u Rafael— »B :oo, •9:00,
•10:00,11:30 a. M.; :3j, •1:30, •'2:15, »4:00,
. 6:30, 6:45, B :JW p. it Exit* trip to Sautalitoat
11 :0O A. M.
Trains marked.* run to San Quentln. **12:3O
r. m. does not run to Mill Valley. • ~ -
':'--'■- THROUGH TRAINa
l:4» p. m. we «kdayo— Cazadero and way station*
8:00 a. m. Sundays— and way stations.
-.00 a. m. Sundnyi-Polnt Reyes ana way station*
910
WOMEN WORK FOR WOMAN'S CAUSE.
They Unite in Cheering "The Call" as the
Champion of the Inalienable Right
of Suffrage.
THE CONGRESS OPENS.
Mrs. Stetson's Able Paper on
the Beginning of Civil
Power.
TREND OF GOVERNMENT TO-DAY
Rev. Anna Shaw and Messrs. Kellosg
and Jordan Among the
Speakers.
Among manifestations of the most vivid
interest and deepest enthusiasm the third
annual meeting of the Woman's Congress
of the Pacific Coast opened yesterday
morning in Native Sons' Hall. The spa
cious meeting-place was hung with grace
ful festoons of orange cheesecloth and em
bowered in feathery palm branches, while
here and there and everywhere were great
clusters and bunches of California pop
pies, golden lupines and bright butter
cups.
As for women, there were so many of
them that the floor ot the hall looked like
a sea of bonnets. Women were there
whose faces bore the delicately traced lines
of a graceful old age, and young wives and
mothers, looking vastly different from the
Bcreeching, scolding viragos sometimes
represented in caricature as types of the
woman suffragist. Fairest of all, the dar
lings of the Golden West, the girls of Cali
fornia, sweet, fresh and wholesome as our
native flowers, gave a brightness all their
own to the great assemblage.
At half-past 10 o'clock the officers and
speakers of the congress took their places
on the stage. They were: Mrs. Sarah B.
Cooper, Miss Susan B. Anthony, Rev.
Anna H. Shaw, Mrs. Ada Van Pelt, Mrs.
Nellie Blessing Eyster, Mrs. John F.
Swift, Miss Sarah Severance. Mrs. George
T. Gaden and Mrs. George W. Haight.
A flutter of anticipation was noticeable
throughout the audience as the president
of the congress advanced to the front of
the stage.
"I will announce the opening of the
third annual meeting of the Woman's
Congress of the Pacific Coast," said Mrs.
Cooper, tapping the desk with the presi
dential gavel; 'and in order that we may
commence aiiglit I ask the Rev. Anna
Shaw to invoke the divine blessing upon
our labor-.'
Miss Shaw made a short but earnest
prayer, cailing upon the Holy Spirit for
fight and guidance. She besought a
special blessing upon the participants in
the congress, and petitioned in a few
deeply moving words that their endeavors
might not prove in vain.
The lady president then delivered her
address of welcome.
"Dear and honored friends, from where
soever you have come, I bid you welcome
to this convention. Your presence here
evinces the deep interest which you take
in this great movement in favor of won: an
snffrage. Our first congress had for its
topic, 'Woman,' our second, 'The Home,'
and in this one we shall consider 'Woman
and Government.' Let us hope that our
next convention will have to deal with
'Woman in Government.' " [Great ap
plause.]
"And now, kind friendsof the press, send
accounts of these meetings far and wide.
Remember how many women in far away
country districts will ride five, ten and
even twenty miles in order to read the
words which you may write. Remember
this and let the spirit of justice and right
inspire your pens to indite a message of
joy and hope to awaiting femaie hearts."
Miss Suan li. Anthony, being introduced
Facsimile of a Letter From Hon. Taylor Rogers, Secretary of Mayor Adolph Sutro, Commending
•« The Call " on its Championship of Woman's Cause.
amid a storm of applause, replied to
Mrs. Cooper's address iv terms of the
warmest gratitude.
"I am glad to be here this side of the
Rocky Mountains again," she began, "and
yet more gratified to find a new spirit
reigning over the Golden West— a spirit of
liberty ana justice— a spirit of fairness and
manliness. What a spectacle we are about
to see. Our souls are about to be rejoiced
by the sight of California's sons crowning
their mothers, -rives and si-ters witli the
diadem of citizenship. Is this not enough
to rill our hearts with gladness?
'And as though we had not enough joy
in our cup of blessing a great daily in
this metropolis, The Call, nas come out
ready for any battle in our cause ! [Great
applause.] For the iirst time a mighty
journal has, unsolicited and unexpected,
taken up our fight and vowed to keep it
up to the very end. May God bless that
paper and prosper it. ' May tne other
papers follow its example, aDd aid the
noble work which T,ie Call has inaugu
rated." [Great applause.]
Mrs. Cooper expressed her regret that
TAKES A MANLY STAND,
1630 Folsom street, May 3, 1896.
Editor Morning Call : I rejoice at the manly stand you have taken
in your paper for woman suffrage, and send in my name as a sub- 1
scriber, beginning with May 3. May success attend you and our just J
cause is the wish of your friend. MRS. KNOX -GOODRICH,
246 North First street, San Jose, Cal.
Mrs. Henrotin bad been prevented from
attending. In that Jady's place the Rev.
Anna Shaw was introduced.
"The men of California," she said, "are
as noble-minded and as generous as any
that can be found on earth. They are
teachable. Reason can penetrate "their
minds, and when they find it right to
change their views they are manly enough
to avow the change. As for the women of
this State, 1 have never seen such women.
They keep not only abreast of the times,
but even keep in* touch with the very
thought of the age.
"I have been offered a home in Califor-
SCENE AT THE ADJOURNMENT OF THE MORNING SESSION OF THE WOMAN'S CONGRESS.
[Sketched yesterday by a -'Call" artist.]
nia," continued Miss Shaw — "a fine, valu
able home— but I cannot live in a place
where I am not free. I would not even
wish to be in neaven unless as a free soul.
I have lost both father and mother since I
saw you list. Only two weeks ago my
d>ar mother was taken to another world.
My last gift to her rests in her coffin— a
bunch of California's wild roses. Oh, how
I hope that I may live as she did, and, dy
ing, leave a memory as grand and good as
hers.
"I have not prepared any paper for this
congress, but if there should be anything
in the fullness of my heart or in the smal£
ness of my head which may prove of serv
ice to you, I shall try to give it voice.
Meanwhile, I repeat, I am glad to be here,
and if on the 3d of the coming November
woman in California gains her freedom, I
hope the offer of a home here, to which I
have referred, may hold good. If it does
my dearest earthly hope shall be to live
and die in California."
Mrs. Ada Van Pelt made a few remarks
in answer to the sentiments expressed by
the preceding speakers, after "which she
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
introduced the lady president of th» con
gress, who delivered the inaugural ora
tion. Mrs. Cooper's brilliant and able ad
dress was as follows:
It has been staled that from homes, churches
and systems of locomotion we may judge of
the civilization of any people. It seems to me
we might safely leave out the last two, and
say that homes measure and mark the civiliza
tion of any people. Churches and modes of
transportation are but external expression of
th<> vital forces that are in the home. It is
the home that challenges our best thought and
our deepest concern. Not alone your home
and my home, but the universal home— the
home ot humanity.
The logic of events tells us that all men are
brethren. If one member suffers, all suffer
with him. We need a finer social and civil
development as the solid basis of a true ma
terial prosperity, far superior in importance
to mere physical wealth is ihe wealth which
comes from hich mental and moral power; the
prosperity that lies in the line of intelligence
and real virtue.
There must be genuine nobility of character,
or. the chances are that posterity will regard
the brilliancy of the family jewels more re
ligiously than the brightness of the family
name. It 1b In the home that these great
moral transformations are to be worked out.
The world i* on the advance and our homes
must respond by sending forth noble, well
equipped men and women, inspired with splen
did purpose and lofty intent; ready, if needs
be, to do aud to suffer.
Science needs explorers and expounders,
and original thinkers are in demand. The
footpaths of past generations are well trodden.
We are pioneers to new lields of discovery.
Original students of nature are called for.
Great problems await solution. Great truths
are travailing for birth.
Is California, fair queen of the West, keeping
abreast of her own projected work? Is America,
tne presumptive mistress-of civilization, ready
to meet her highest behests? I much fear the
affirmation is true tnat neither the classes of
statesmen, philosophprs, artisans nor laborers
are up to the modern complexity of their sev
eral professions. We must look to the home
for the remedy of these shortcomings. The
average standard of the race must be raised. All
humanity will be lashed and goaded into hope
less decrepitude by exactions thai transcend
its capabilities. A balance must be preserved
between the present requirements of tne age
and the ability to meet those requirements.
They must be made to harmonize. These are
vital questions that reach back into the home
for their solution. The generation just at
hand will be the logical sequence of the gen
eration of to-day.
Now I believe that the home— and this in
cludes the women in the home— should seek to
be an active (orce in governmental affairs. I
do not see how we can do our duty to our
homes and to the commonwealth without its
being so. What should be the primal aim of
government? The wellbeiug of the people,
We know and understand that political meas
ures affect the home and the lives of the peo
ple for good or for ill. Has women no interest
in these matters? Will it degrade or debase
woman to seek to protect her home from ad-
Terse influences? You answer: The man can
attend to this matter. Does he not find in the
conduct of his home that he needs the help
ana co-operation of his wife? Is he not profited
by her suggestion and experience?
woman is an individual. We hear much
about the sovereignty of the individual. The
only way to make men and women sovereigns
■ is to put on them the responsibility of thinking
I ana acting for themselves. Any parent who
does all the thinking for his child dwarfs that
cjuja. Any Government that undertakes to
tell people, whether men or women, how to
think and how to act and attempts to
think and act for them will soon have a peo
ple lhat are not worth having. Individual op
portunity and individual obligation are ftinda-
I mental principles of democratic government,
nen knees is not a woman's charm. In the
; coming years a nobler womanhood will give
I us nobler homes. It is a mistake to suppose
; because a woman's thought reaches out
after light and truth along all lines thHt her
love and devotion will be less fervent. Power
makes love stronger. Power makes virtues
more lustrous. Strength is a desirable quality
in man or woman, ana weakness is not a beauty
or a glory. A love for what is essentially true
and good— this is a royal virtue in either sex.
Iso woman will ever be unsexed by seeking
the good and the true along any line. The
good and the true are one. And truth is eter
nal, and amid the perplexing discussions and
opinions in regard to social aud political econ
omy it is comforting to remember that truth or
error, justice or injustice, are in no way de
penaent upon our own interpretation of them.
These are inherent in the very nature of things,
and human law seeks in vain to ignore or defy
them. They are not to be trifled with. Happy
the nation or the individual that discovers
these essential truths and yields quick and
cheerful obedience to them. Civilization is
but another mode of expressing: a wise and
reverent compliance with nature's laws. > All
permanent Improvement along, any line con
sists In bringing our opinions into nearer
agreement with facts.
We live in stirring times, In the midst of
changes, religious, intellectual, social and po
litical. Questions profoundly suggestive and
perplexing are constantly presenting them
selves. Men and women, in a hand-to-hand
tussle with life, have little time for carefully
considering the pros and cons of these agitat
ing topics. Conscientious, truth-loving and
progressive, they would fain direct their influ
ence in the way of righteous reform; and fear
ful lest an undue eagerness for the new may
work- injustice to the old, they often • silence
real conviction and suffer themselves to be
equipped with ready-made arguments and mo
tives. - They yield to the popular and the
plausible for lack of opportunity to study and
decide for themselves.
It is not to be expected that all minds can
accept the same presentation of a subject, nor
should the advocates of either side be charged
with a lack of conscientiousness or a selfish
disregard for the welfare of others. An in
herent sense of personal dignity will always
beget a spirit of courteous consideration lor the
opinions of an opponent, which is but a just
tribute to a proper self-respect.
"Our antagonist is our helper," says Burke,
and nothing in so subversive of truth as intol
erance of discussion. Even public opinion is
by no means infallible; it is sometimes simply
public impertinence and absurdity. It is agi
tation that eliminates the truth as • the churn
ing eliminates the butter; and "the age that
agitates the most and the wisest has the most
golden avoirdupois to stow away in its firkin
The reality in the old, becomes the new dis
closure, just as the bud becomes the flower.
In proportion as mankind gets away from
savage conditions the home becomes more
complex in its development and its power.
The homes of a nation are its safeguard. The
home is the nurse of patriotism. A man does
not shoulder his musket in defense of his
boarding-house. The world may have a thou
sand perches for a man, but it can have but
one nest. And the home makes the man far
more than the man makes the home. It would
be a fine thing for any commonwealth if every
workingman had it in his power to be invest
ing every month, what he now pays for rent,
in the payment on a home. There would be a
fresh incentive forever* member of the fam
ily to work toward the same end, until they
could . gay, , with just pride and happiness,
i inls is our home." I rejoice whenever I see
the little homes going up all around the sub
urbs of our beautiful ■ City, traveling out into
remoter districts, thus uniting the radical
tendencies of the City with the more conserva
tive elements of country life. _ vr.
It is man that makes land valuable and
• homes increase the dignity and happiness of
man. The manufacturing interests of great
cities would be enhanced in value if the work
men had the paying of a home as the incentive
to great industry and fidelity. This question
of homes for the working classes is a question
of political economy. Homes , for working
men would sound the death knell of strikes.
it is the homeless land that will be the im
periled .land, whether it be France, Ireland,
England; Scotland, or our own loved America.
1 ? av .? been deeply interested in some re
markable facts furnished by Rev. Dr. Northup
the veteran educator, who some time since
passed through this City on his way to Japan.
He had been gathering statistics for a maga
zine article on strikes and the homes of the
working people. It was full of deep and sug
gestive import. The following were among
with lu'omSvfc , In !?« cit * of Philadelphia,
with its , -00.000 families, no less than 150,
-000 are living in their own homes, and 80,000
2nd i e nfirfT ere bUI l l by Bood - substantial loan
u ?%£, * g associations, trie stock of which
Thirl I so highly is the work appreciated.
deWa h & nOt been • serious strike in Phila
delphia for many years
Look at the city of St. Jotinsbury, Vt. , where
the great Fairbanks scales manufactory Is
turning out ; fr0m, 75,000 to 80,000 scales a
year. '^ The operatives own their home* and
are honored citizens of the town. One of the
Fairbanks Brothers has given the town an
academy, others of the family have eiven a
museum, athenaeum, an art gallery and aY.
M. C. A. building. There has never been &
strike in St. Johnsbury.
The Cheney silk manufactory in South Man
chester, Conn., is the largest in the world. The
company furnish the ground at cost and lend
money for homes. No saloons are allowed and
no fences. The plans are by one architect.
One thousand acres are covered by these
worts and these beautiful homes. There are
no strikes in South Manchester.
Take the Estey ocgan manufactory, at Bat
tleboro, Vt., as another instance. They have
recently celebrated the completion of the
two hundred and fifty- thousandth organ, Tho
operatives own their homes and are a happy
set of men. This may account for the beau
tiful hurmony of their instruments. There
is a close .-elation between harmony of
spirit and harmony of production. There
I are no strikes at Brattleboro. The Pope
I bicycle factory, at Hartford, Conn., is an
| other conspicuous instance. There are no
less than 1400 hands employed. They own
| their homes. The noon lunch at the works is
| furnished at cost and the comfort of the work-
I ing men is a primal though t.^There are no
strikes at the bicycle factory at Hartford. And
the bicycles themselves never go on strikes.
The workinginen have put no such spirit in
their manufacture.
The owners of homes have every inducement
to be honest workmen, faithful employes and
I respected citizens. Suppose all our outlying
suburbs were dotted with small, comfortable
homes for the working classes, with quick and
cheap transit— homes that could be paid for on
easy installments with money that would
otherwise be spent for rents in dreary dwell
ings in the desolate districts of the great City;
suppose the hard-working mothers, who are
now compelled to go forth to hard service day
after day to eke out a mere pittance for family
necessities, had & small plat of ground each
where could be grown the vegetables for the
table, chickens raised, flowers cultivated and
home beautified, giving the children a part in
the deliphtful labor, thus evoking the true
home spirit in them, would there not be a
great incentive to frugality and a wise saving
of wages.
Crowded quartets, insufficient, poor food, un
healthy alleys and scant nothing, account for
a large proportion of the misery and crime of
large cities. Having had close communication
with more than 15,000 homes of the poor in
this City during the past sixteen years, I know
much of the sad story of discouraged fathers,
overworked mothers, and helpless, neglected
children— necessarily neglected, in many in
stances — where the mother goes forth to her
day's washing or scrubbing, leaving her babe
in the rude cradle, with perhaps a little sister
of 6or 7 years to look after it and to do the
work for the family. This is no fanciful
sketch. It is too sadly real, as we know from
personal observation and experience. So, I
say, let us work for the time when the toilers
and the 'struggle™ shall find their toil rain
bowed with hope— the hope of acquiring
homes of their own. There is an old proverb,
"Make a man the owner of a bare rock, and he
will soon make of it a garden ; renc him a gar
den and he will soon make of it a desert."
The great problem ot the world's history
is open before us. It is briefly this: The strug
gle of the kingdom of heaven against all that
is dragging the race downward. It alms to cre
ate social conditions which shall be just and
beneficent. The kingdom of God is not impos
sible, even here, in what has been character
A RECORD TO BE PROUD OF,
JOINT OAMPAIQN OOMMITTH3B.
HEADQUARTERS.
1630 FOLSOM STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.
May S> 1896.
Editor " The Call"— Dear Sir : I want to express my very high
appreciation of the splendid stand which " The Call " has token upon
the subject of woman suffrage. The record "The Call" made "for
itself in to-day's issue is one of which it will always be p.-oud, but
never more than when the history of the last great struggle for uni
versal suffrage is written and it holds the proud position of being
the first great daily newspaper with the courage and loyalty to stand
by the principles underlying our national life— justice, equality and
freedom. Respectfully. ANNA H. SHAW.
ized as "wicked San Francisco." It does not
call for saints, but simply for sensible, earnest,
honest men and women, who prove their love
to God by their love and service to their fel
low-men. Early saints died for their Lord.
New saintliness must live to help and to bless
those for whom He died. There needs to be
more of the real fellowship between the top
and the bottom of society. Instead of chiding,
cheer. Show the timid and discouraged that
character is freedom; that purity is liberty ;
that to have few wants is to be rich, and that
to be master of one's self is to be conqueror of
all things. Let them feel that moral riches
tell in the long run every time.
There must be a deeper religious sense by
which common life is redeemed ana ennobled.
Uncommon religion is, for the most pan, a
failure on this common earth. What the true
home needs is a religious climate or atmos
phere, full of health-giving ozone and stimu
lating sunshine. The troth and beauty of the
higher life should bean objective reality. The
ideal of character is too low both in home and
in public. It is time for men and women to
have a higher conception of character and to
indoctrinate children with this lofty concep
tion ana give them a trne idea as to wnat
noble living really is— not merely as to what
anything is worth in the market place, but as
to what is essentially right and true and just
and of good report. Let virtue, honesty and
religion be so ingrained Into the young that
GLAD TO SEE "THE CALL" LEAD,
San Francisco, May 3.
C. M. Shortridge, Editor "Call," City— Dear Sir: Permit me to
express a personal satisfaction, undoubtedly shared by many of your
readers, in the stand you take on the woman suffrage question. Every
one whose privilege it is to have the friendship of the thinking women
of to-day cannot but wish to do all in his pov/er to put men and wo men
upon a political level, as they are on an intellectual and social equality,
but it needs the aid of the press, as all reforms do, and as the present *
"Call "is a pet admiration of mine, I am glad to see it lead in this
way. Respectfully. F. W. HARNDEN.
they shall carry these qualities as w»aponi
both of offense and defense.
Good judgment comes very largely f rom
sound moral qualities, and good judgment, j,
to business what good steering is to na«i Ka
tion. It Keeps the ship in safe channels, t±£J
judgment is indispensable in the efforts n,j.
to right the wrongs of society. The .conseru.
tive as well as the radical element must .have
swoy. In closing I wish to say that it is vain
to cry out against the emancipation of won,;
from the narrow bonds of the past. The world
has unrolled and unfolded until the fuUuesi
of time has come. It is not the turbulence of
a few discontented fanatics that calls tor a
wide range of work and influence. It has k*e n
a long and devious journey, and every footfall
of that journey forward and onward has been.
assailed as a deviation from the propri. •■..
sex. Woman has been accused of stepping be
yond her sphere. Let us remember that powr
makes all virtues more rich and more pruduo
tive. The way to make a noble race is to make
noble wives and mothers, and the way to d*
velop the best wives and mothers is to cxi<an>i
the sympathy and elevate the energy „«
woman in the sphere of life and thought.'
Let her do whatever she is fitted to do well
We talk about woman's sphere. She has never
had a sphere. She has never even had a. hetni
sphere. At best she has had only a cranny or a
corner. The attempt of human histo-v h'ai
been to carry on the world with half its i, reel
like an attempt to sail a vessel with half hi
crew under the hatches. Womanhood as a
spiritual force has been subordinated if not
repressed. And yet the woman question is
half the human question. It is a question that
has more to do with the evolution of the
higher home than all other questions oom.
bined. Let us never forget that a complete
humanity is at once both masculine and-nrmi
nine — a unity in duality.
Just as the roots of a tree combine to convey
a complex life which is to become single in
the trunk, so these distinctions of sex in the
work of life will prive way to a growing unity
which is to oe developed to greater breadth
and strength by unitea work in the days time
are just at hand. Stepping beyond her sphere?
Yes. But she has continued to step because
God ordered her forward and human tgnor.
ance and false wisdom can never outwit the
Almighty. Larger duties lie before her.
Larger work awaits her. And I foresee the
dawn for which the world is waiting— a dawn
In which mankind shall have a loftier life than
it has ever known in the larger life of woman.
The convention then adjourned for
lunch, a large number of the ladies pro
ceeding to the banquet-hall, where an im
promptu refection, somewhat in the picnic
line, was served, each lady sharing the con
tents of her lunch-basket with three or
four others, who reciprocated the courtesy.
AFTERNOON SESSION.
Interesting Papers on the Begin
nings and the Functions of
Government.
At the opening of the afternoon session
a paper written by Mrs. Charlotte Perkins
Stetson was read by Mrs. Henry Krebs Jr.
The subject considered was " The Begin
nings of Government," and the essay was
both profound and interesting. It was in
part as follows:
What is government? An extension of the
will of some over the acts of others. What is it
for? For the conservation of species. Goveru
ment, in a society, is a fcrm of co-relative
activity, essential to the continuance of that
society aud to its growth.
With the human race the earliest forms of
government are loose and temporary, and
based on primitive, offensive and defensive
needs, as Is the case in various animal govern
ments.
The earlier forms of reproduction left no con
nection between mother and child; the egg
was left to develop in grub and fly, or fish or
reptile, without need of mother's care. No
mutual service was possible.
But as soon as the period of immaturity wai
so prolonged as to need further maternal care,
then the dawn of government appeared.
Small budding ears were cuffed by wise ma
ternal paws; soft, furry bodies were more
softly bitten; individual action was restrained
for the common good, and this was the begin
ning of government.
So long as the mother held within herself, or
had free access to all sources of supplies, she
was all in all to her children and ruled them
by natural law.
But when the food supply of the world be
came the property of men, and the women also
were their property, exchangeable at will for
cows and sheep, her government was a farce
and soon ceased to exist beyond the first years
of babyhood.
Government, both public and private, has
been vested in male hands since property was
so vested. In this connection it is interesting
to follow the relation of government to prop
erty all through our earlier history, and even
till to-day, when there is still a propor
tion of the people who believe that the ballot
should rest on "property qualifications." *
Woman's connection with government i.
most vividly marked. Wealth has always
meant power in whatever hands it rested, aiw,
the great land-holding lady was a ruler, i^
right of her possessions.
The chief in war became a king in peace and
found occupation in maintaining internal
peace among his increasing people, as he had
before in waging war between them and
others.
The psychic factors in this process are, -of
course, the real things to be studied, as theouter forms of any human status are but ex
pressions of the underlying facts.
The history of government, like every other
history of our lives, is but the story of the
evolution of tlie soul. To be capßble of any
permanent government Is a hijjh order of life
to be capable of participating In a free governl
ment is a power which makes for right
eousness.
A nation ungoverned is no nation at all, and
makes mere raw material to be eaten up by
belter organized communities. The intense
personal appetites and nations we inherit in
long straight lines from our bestial ancestors
were forced, constrained and made to bend to
the common good by government. Even in
tne_ dim beginning the fierce captain learned
to depend upon his soldiers and to 'ove what
he depended on— the king to care for his
people, if only because they fed him; the sub
ordinate to think somewhat of the spreading
interest! intrusted to him; the soul of man to
reach out into the common consciousness and
mutual life, which is humanity.
The paper was appiauded to the echo,
and several floral tributes were taken to
tue stage. These Mrs. Krebs took charge
of, saying:
"They're Mrs. Stetson's, not mine."
The discussion was opened by Miss Sarah
M. Severance. She contended that when
men and women should fix a proper stand
ard of right and wrong the need of govern
ment would be at an end.
"Yes," answered Miss Agnes Manning;
*'bu* while things are as they are we want
to h.eve a little to say in regard to the laws
which are to govern us."
"The Cabbala says," remarked Naph
taly Herz Irnber, "that man can never
rise unless he lifts woman with him. Man
alone is only half of humanity, and one
half cannot rise alone."
'■I am a member of the Liberty Branch
of the San Francisco Socalistic Society, 1 '
said John Lee rising to the floor. "A 9 a
socialist I would like to give my opinion
of the woman suffrage agitation. I un
derstand that government is for the pro
tection of mankind against the baser de
sires of animali-m. When man attains as
nearly perfect a sUte as his nature will
permit we shall have little or no need of
government.
"I conceive you not only to be ladies,
but intelligent minds. Now, I wish to
outline what women can do in the work
of reform. They can point at leaet to the
abuses of government and the imperfec
tions existing in the present form. The
time has rnw come when women shall
soon, cast off the shackles of servitude.
They may take their place where they
can do much toward the uplifting of the
race. Ijim glad that it is so."
J. H. .Barnard said: ''I rejoice in this
movement. I think it portends purity in
government and the uplifting of the Na
tion. We should all be glad that women
are in a fair way to enjoy the fruits of their
long and arduous labor."
The ten minutes allotted for the
discussion being over President Kellogg
of the University of California then read
an essay on the "Functions of Govern
ment." He said in substauce:
The state is "God's method of helping men
toward a perfect life." It is founded on "the
nature ana destination of men." So wrote one
• of our most thoughtful publicists. Govern
ment is designed to care for the widest inter
ests of man. He is the one precious thing in
■ this. World— man supreme and man immortal.
It is his bast interests for which human gov
ernment must care. This is the test of its
' proper functions.
Government must guard human rights.
Within proper limits it must giye wise direc
tion to human activities, li must exercise a
certain measure of control over its subjects.
This is partly negative, partly positive. "Or
der is heaven's first law." There is perfect
' order in the celestial universe. In the moral
world orde"r is equally necessary. Without it
there will be collision and ruin.
• Negative control is first in order of time, be
cause the evils of disorder are so great. This
.' 'must be reduced to a minimum. Some dis
order must be expected, for the world of hu
man spirits has not the perfection of the starry
- orbits. There have bsen collision, injustice,
oppression.
• Some things interfere directly, others indi
rectly with the free and rightful activity of
men. To meet attacks on persons and prop
erty, the Government must take precautions
% against crime. It must punish murder and
 . robbery and fraud. It must also check indi
rect injury to the community, such as comes
I from undue temptation to evil, from hurtful
business, from treasonable utterances.
Free activity is the birthright of man, the
priceless jewel of life in all Inter-human rela
-3 ' . tions. Man is made lord over the world he
"%. "-lives In. and claims the freedom due to this
'■ lordship. Government must hearken to this
claim. Therefore it may interfere to protect
' • employes against heartless employers; and
also to curb the vengeance of. the irritated
laborer. It may check the corrupting influ
«_ • ences of the open saloon, of pernicious litera
- " ture, of the indecent stage.
- But these negative repressive functions of
government are not enough to round out its
0 . duty. Equally imperative are its positive func
% tions. It must of ten step in to do for the Indi
vidual what he cannot do for himself. It may
• step in to do for him what it can do much, bet
, ter than he. Individual action is not ade
quate to all needful ends.
A nation must preserve its existence by
• armies and navies and fortifications. It must
.. keep out infection and prevent smuggling. It
must secure open channels and Highways. It
must build lighthouses and life-saving sta
tions and enforce sanitary regulations within
Its borders. To do all this requires taxation of
its subjects.
Some things. are so important as to be al
most a necessity for governmental action: for
example, the mail service, the responsibility of
common carriers, laws against libel and slan
der. .
Less necessary, but very important, are pub
lic works, such as the old Roman roads and
aqueducts, the Mississippi jetties, the Erie
' : and Welle nd canals and the still tantalizing
Nicaragua canal. Subsidies to ocean steam
- . ships havK been common. The telegraph may
. I easily follow the mail service into govern
' mental c ontroL. Government ownership of
rt-.iiways is no experiment in Europe. In our
country they are subject to State and inter
state laws.
There are pensions for soldierly service, pat
en t laws for inventors, copyright for authors.
.. Public lands have been given to pioneer set
tiers. New questions have sprung up about the
holding of — should it all be owned by the
Government? should private ownership, atany
rate, be limited, or at least discouraged by the
Eingie tax?
Of great importance is governmental aid in
education. All agree that it must be given to
the common school; not all, that it should ex
tend through the high school and the univer
sity. California, like most of the newer States,
believes in tnc more generous policy.
Other points are still undecided— for in
stance, governmental protection, or even em
ployment, for all laborers. Some advocate a
- full community of interests according to so
cialistic principles.
Many less radical points are in dispute— for
Instance, help to local communities or to spe
cial classes of men, and the whole scheme of
public charities. ■ Profuse charity is hurtful;
► . more so when given by an Impersonal bene
. .factor. The poor laws of England have fos
tered idleness. It is easy to run into an exces
sive paternalism, undermining wholesome in
' .dividual activity. Unwise benevolence leads
• to vice, not to virtue.
•' There is a favorite motto, "The best govern
ment is that which governs least." It is only
' a half truth. The best government is that
which is most helpful to its subjects. The
ways of being most helpful must be left to the
judgment of the best men. These will cer
tainty not be .the mere politicians. We must
go to the trained and able statesmen for he
right answer to governmental questions.
. They will be guided by a high and noble ex
pediency. They will leave aside disputed
questions of religion. Moral questions there
will be, for morality is a necessary substratum
for a bound commonwealth. Political ques
. tions, as such, will be judged from the stand
point of human welfare.
. ■ Our discussion does not include the form of
government. It may be a pure democracy, a
republic like ours, a monarchy like that' of
England.' All will need the normal constitu
tion of a Slate essentially free, the three de
partments of legislative, judicial and execu
tive action. Of this political machinery some
part, at least, will rest on election. .
Who shall be the electors? That, again, is
not included in the question assigned to this
half-hour. But it Is natural to say, in conclu
sion, that political rights are not inherent.
Suffrage is nowhere absolutely universal. In
the United States we have come to the painful
• •conclusion that the door has been thrown too
• .wide open— is, the half-door labeled
• ■•Male." If we could shut out the ignorant,
the worthless and the venal men, and in their
place call on the high-minded and intelligent
women of our community to strengthen the
forces of law and order, of soberness and
. purity, of true and earnest patriotism, were it
. * not a "consummation devoutly to be wished ?"
Let these enthusiastic ladies persuade us that
. the time for such an exchange has really
■come. : . *
* "It would take us until midnight to do
justice to President Kcilogg's admirable
paper," commented Mrs. Cooper. "Let's
4 give him a cheer, anyhow, and then those
who dare may., tear his paper to bits."
The cheer was fuven right lustily, and
then voices called lor the Rev. Anna Shaw
U -In a few glowing words she thanked Mr.
*■ Kellogg for the good which she said his es
say would do the cause.
"I think it very absurd for me to get up
here ana repeat what President Kellogg
has said," she went on. "If he had said
anything that antagonized our sentiments
I would have sot up with ereat glee. Mrs.
Cooper said the article was by t c presi
dent of one of our great educational insti
tutions, but she forgot to say that the in
stitution is co-educational. If he had bc-n
the president of Harvard he would not
have dared to do this. It requires a broad
mind to be at the head of an institution
run on such broad principles that the fe
maie part of the population have an equal
chance with the male element.
"California has taken the foremost posi
tion in the procession; I might say it is
the band wagon.
''If you are not intelligent enough to
take advantage of the great opportunities
afforded you by your great State you do
not deserve to have the privileges of citi
zenship.
"I am looking forward to the time when
California will take the next step upward
to the plane of the ideal and enlist the
women to help them in the grand and
noble wont. And I have not the least
doubt that the generous men of this
enlightened State intend to do that very
thing."
"This Government has not done its
duty," B aid M. Benhain. "What right
has the State to lay yet heavier burdens
upon the shoulders of the lower strata of
society? Abuses reign in all sections of
the social fabric. I hope when the women
get the vote tney will use it for the
advance of all good measures."
"The Jews," remarked Napntaly Herz
Imber, "were happy under the reign of
Deborah, and most unhappy under Solo
mon, the wisest of men. The last king of
the Jews found a prophecy, which no one
could read. The higa priest and the doc
tors of the law failed to decipher it. In
their need they applied to Hulda, the
prophetess, who solved the question.
"We must make up our minds to one
thing. We know there can be no home
without a father and a mother. In like
manner no government can stand unless
men and women have equal rights under
it. If woman had her rightful place in
politics since government began, our
churches would not now be reduced to the
level of nickel-!n-the-slot machines. The
moral tone of the community would be
higher, and man himself better than at
presnet. It is not too late for us to take a
step in the rieht direction. Give woman
the ballot, and let us hope she will use it
welL"
George Speede had also a word of warn
ing against the present trend ot events.
'•When this Government broke away
from Great Br'tain," he began, "it said
that all men should have a right to the
pursuit of happiness and liberty.
"What is the result of this "resolution?
The women are held in subjection and are
obliged to bring up offspring for whom
they bave not the slightest right in
Government to vote for laws that will
make them honest men and women.
"Wherever a nation has had so unjust a
government as this— Medo Persia and
Rome, for example — it has gone by the
board. And we are following in the same
footsteps. Tne morals of the Nation are
growing worse every day, and it is be
cause you are paying attention to physi
cal and not ethical development,
"We know tliat men cannot put signs
in their windows reading 'Goods sold be
low cost' and be honest, because no
honest man can afford to sell goods be
low cost, and yet we deem these men
among our best citizens.
"Let me say in conclusion that we are go
ing to avoid the rocks and shoals only
by bringing the women in to vote for re
forms and -iving them in fact those rights
which are theirs already by the lrws of
God and nature."
J. F. Howard contended that there. was
no sex in nobility, in mind, in honor and
in all the higher attributes of humanity.
The mural man delights in doing good.
This sort of man is the kind which the
Government should strive to form.
Woman can do much in forming good
men. Let her then have a right to say
how men shall be kept good after escaping
from her care.
"It is claimed," said Mrs. Tole, "that
women have come to the front because
men have habits of dissipation and that
tbey have fallen from their hiirh estate. I
would ijke to .near Mis 3 Shaw upon this
BubjecU' 1
Hereupon some lady arose ana said that
men are a great deal better than they used
to be. Tnere were a lew words anent the
subject passed back and fcrtu, when the
president invited Miss bhaw to speak upon
the subject.
Miss Manning took great exception to
a remark by one of the disputants to the
effect that men are getting more dissipated
than they uaed to be.
"Men," she contended, "are better than
they ever were. If they were not, we
would not dare to hold this congress here
to-day. The men would break it up."
Several more views were expressed and
telegrams of congratulation and good
wishes from Mrs. Fay of Southern Cali
fornia and from Mrs. Cordelia Kirkland
of Chicago were read by the lady secretary,
after which an adjournment was taten
until the evening.
EVENING SESSION.
President Jordan Tells About the
Evolution cf Government— Rev.
Anna Shaw's Address.
President David Starr Jordon of Stan
ford University was the first speaker that
addressed the immense audience at the
evening session. His subject was "The
Evolution of Government."
The speaker stated that government was
by divine right, which meant fitness to
man's purposes. He compared man's use
of government to man's use of a wheel
barrow. The wheelbarrow would be ad
hered to because it was well adapted for
man's use. Then tne discourse was con
tinued substantially as follows:
"The general evolution of government is
toward broader conditions, when we will
have co-operation with the consent of all
concerned. The growth is from individual
and family interests toward voluntary co
operation, toward self-direction in matters
of mutual help. The oldest form of gov
ernment about which we know anything is
that of the monkey people.
"Government among the monkeys is
strictly patriarchal. The oldest "male
rules. From his experience he teaches
the younger ones. As the monkeys can
not read or write, the younger ones do not
study. The monKey government, how
ever, is not only by wise guidance. That
they do not own property does not pre
vent the rulers from becoming tyrannical.
The male monkey, if anything goes wrong
in the home government, shows his dis
pleasure by biting the female in the neck.
The more she is bitten the better the
female likes it. She likes to show that
ehe has such a masterful person in her
family.
"In the monkey people's government,
the reason which grows with experience is
dominant over the instinct, which does
not.
Comparing the modern government con
ditions of men with the primitive con
ditions all- ded to. President Jordan said:
"Much as we may criticize our social
order, it is the best ever known. If we
should make any great change, we would
coon find ouselves back to where we are.
Strictly speaking, our social conditions are
not entirely natural. When two men
come together in social relations, there
must be either mutual help or mutual
hurt. But in a broader view, all these bet
ter conditions are natural in a high
sense."
Of government in the patriarchal age of
man, President Jordan spoke about the
rule of wisdom and about the higher
heredity that comes from doing things
right and right along. He alluded to
woman's part in the government as hav
ing been the guidance of the young and
the control of the formation of liabit— a
part not li'ss than the duty of quashing
the camp and expressing wisdom for the
social government.
"Nowadays," he said, in following out
the subj ct, "we are not always required
to shed our own blood, but our own time,
if we are to do our duty as citizens."
The lecturer expressed belief that the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
primitive idea of ruling was id teaching.
The form of government that made any
large body do right by force was a poor
ideal of government.
Of the "comparative failure of mon
archy" President Jordan said: "The
kings to-day are taking more and more
back seats. In studying English history
we now study the history of the people
rather than the annals of the kings. Less
important is becoming the deeds of Napo
leon, and more important is becoming the
doings of Susan B. Anthony."
The latter declaration was loudly ap
plauded.
"Democracy has not yet made good gov
ernment in the United States," continued
the speaker, under another branch of the
discourse. "Every ant-nill that I have
ever seen is governed better than is San
Francisco. But the San Francisco gov
ernment is better for you and for me than
the ant-hill paternalism would be. Ido
not wish to say anything in favor of the
San Francisco government, bat it has a
freedom, a sort of go-as-you-please about
it which is important in making the men.
"We can learn many things from Japan
and Russia, but in our own Government
we have freedom. Germany could give us
all sorts of points about taking care of the
streets and sewers and slums, out I would
rather live three years in the free slums
than three years in th German array.
While streets in San Francisco may be
dirtier than a hogpen in Germany, and
while the San Francisco politics may be
bad, yet we have the freedom that makes
.good men, and to make^good men is the
object of government.
"The great body of men in this country
think for themselves. It is better that
they should think wrong than not at all.
"I would rather see all men drunk by
choice than sober through compulsion.
"It is better that men should think and
act all wrong, so long as they do so for
themselves, than that others "should di
rect them.
"The government does not touch us
very closely; it is what it makes of ua that
is important. Most of the ballots might
be burned for all the good they do. All
the ballots that I ever cast, certainly,
m'ght as well have been burned, for I seem
to have always been on the wrong side.
But what of it!
"Balloting makes us thing about the
government questions. We don't know
what hurts us and we will vote until we
find out. Sometimes we think it is the
high tariff that hurts, and we vote against
it. Then we think it is the low tariff, and
we vote against that. And after a while
we will find out the trouble.
"But we bave the valne of our freedom.
We have to pay taxes, and we occasionally
run across the sign, 'Keep off the grass,'
but otherwise the Government does not
come very close to us."
President Jordan spoke of the tendency
of the people nowadays to get representa
tion in the Legislature or in Congress by
sending lawyers as lobbyists — people who
will represent them. 80 it is that the peo
ple do not send "their wisest men to make
the public laws."
At the conclusion of the address Miss
Agnes Manning spoke briefly.
George Speed then arose at the rear of
the audience and declared that the trouble
in San Francisco was lack of democracy.
The Southern Pacific Company or any
other corporation could send its represen
tatives to the legislative halls, and the
people would bave to take the laws
whether they liked them or not. In politi
cal primaries the good citizen would very
likely be kicked out.
John Lee of the Socialistic Labor party
spoke in the same line. He made a hit by
addressing the members of the congress as
"You ladies, starting in for Natioual
housekeeping on a large scale."
The Rev. Anna Shaw was then an
nounced. The subject of her paper was
"The Trend of Government To-day."
As the able champion of woman suffrage
stepped to the front of the stage a storm of
cheering greeted her. She spoke in sub
stance as follows:
"I have been attending so much to gov
ernment lately that I find myself almost
overwhelmed with the subject. Still lam
called upon to sneak to you to-night on
the trend of KovVrnment. The time was
when kings claimed a divine right to rule.
The last one to assert this claim in plain
words was theo«nquerorof Europe, and he
was laughed at. Since then there has
been a grand advance. We have come to
consider it a shame that any free-born
man should be governed by any one else
without his consent.
"We hear it said that nominations are
made in secret meetings which a decent
man may not attend. Very well! If in
decent men get together and make up an
indecent ticket, how is it that decent men
go tanv-ly to the polls and vote that very
same indecent ticket? Who is at fault in
tagging alter indecency? It seems tome
that the one most to blame is the tagger.
"But there is rising among us a demand
for a purer state of things in politics.
The trend of government to-day is toward
co-operation, as President Jordan calls it,
and a fine word it is to designate the labor
ing of men and women side by side. The
public demands able, faithful service from
those to whom it entrusts public charges
and offices.
"You can never mace a woman believe
that that which is degradation to her can
be an honor to her son. [Great applause.]
Yet we are told thatpolitics suits men, but
degrade women. What nonsense! The
mother, under such circumstances, must
necessarily instruct her sons to keep out of
politics. Then what results? The good
sons, husbands and fathers will let politics
alone, leaving the science of government
to tne lower elements of society.
"A great many men say they are going
to vote against women suffrage, because
they are afraid women will not make a
just use of the ballot. And to tell the
truth, the dear fellows are quite earnest
and sincere in their virtuous concern.
Why can we women not hold up before
these men soma grander, nobler ideal,
which will direct their thoughts toward
the right?
"If we are to make our Government bet
ter and our country happier we must do
our best to enhance the good features
which we may find in both. Look at the
women of this country. How they are
laboring to prepare themselves for the ex
ercise of the right which soon will be
recognized as theirs. Were ttie negroes
better suited to use the ballot than the
women of to-day?
"If women Had not been trained, as they
have been trained, by living under the
protecting care of this noble Government,
they would not be worthy to wield this
tremendous power. But American women
are Americans, and as such they cease not
to clamor for their rights.
"After all, the highest form of govern
ment must not come from without but
from within. Virtue and intelligence
should be the absolute monarchs of a free
people. These powers should command
an implicit obedience. These emperors
should rule our every word and thought
and action.
'•And now we have one thing to remem
ber. Our great business in life, so far as
we are personally concerred, is to make
ourselves nobler and better. Let ua doit
for the love of all that is grand and holy.
If we do this, a day will dawn when we
shall see no woman's congress, but
a human congress, in which men
and women will do their best toward
the elevation of the common human race."
During the discussion which followed a
man in the audience made some remarks
insinuating that if women went into poli
tics the morals of their children would
suffer. Miss Shaw was on her feet in an
instant.
"What's that?" she exclaimed. "Un
less 1 am mistaken the gentleman says
women must be kept out of politics in
order to bring up their children honestly
ami virtuously. The gentleman seems to
forget that tue mother is not the only
parent of the child, and that the child is
almost as liable to follow the example of
the father as that of the mother. And
why not? Are not both his parents? Ah,
men, men ! We women look innocent, but
we know you through and through. Are
these the arguments with which you seefc
to down a righteous cause?"
No one having sufficient valor to answer
this question the congress adjourned until
to-day.
Programme for To-Day.
The exercises to-day promise to be most
interesting. It is understood that a num
ber of able speakers will participate in the
informal discussions, and the Rev. Miss
Shaw will answer any questions germane
to the matter under consideration. The
set programme is as follows:
MORSINS BKSSIOJJ— IO:3O O'CLOCK.
"The Chief" Mm. William Keith of Berkeley
•The Kin?" Miss Mollie E. Connors of Oakland
"The People" (pappr)
Mrs. Charlotte Perkins Stetson of Chicago
AJTBBNOOK SESBIOX— 2:3O O'CXOCK
•The Family"
Miss Catherine 11. OrayUon of Oakland
"The Tribe" Mrs. Frances Fuller Victor
"The State" (or kingdom) Mrs. Mary Prag
"The Nation* Miss Kliza D. Keiih
XVKNINO SESSION— B O'CXOCK.
"What Americans Came From, and What We
Came For" .. Hon. Taylor Rogers
"What We Did for the World"
• Rev. Anna R.Shaw
"What We Are Now"
Dr. Kd A. Kossof Stanford University
PROHIBITION AND REFORM
They Got Mixed Up at the Pro
hibition County Convention
Last Night.
THE DELEGATES TO STOCKTON.
The Party at Sea on the Proposed
Union of Reform Forces With
the Populists.
The Prohibition County Convention met
last evening ia Pythian Castle and elected
fourteen delegates to the State Convention
of the Prohibition party, which will con
vene in Stockton on Wednesday of next
week, the 13th inst.
What the Prohibition party does and is
likely to do is, of course, of especial inter
est to Prohibitionists and liquor men, but
the party's operations have a more gen
eral practical interest this year because
there is vaguely pending a movement to
get the party over into the Populist fold,
or rather into a "union of reform forces"
in which the Populist party would cut the
main figure, the other elements including
also the single taxers, socialists, etc
The County Convention, which met last
night, was a little thing, but a typical one.
It was typical of the Prohibition party
and, among other things, typical of how
the party stands, intensely uncertain, on
this proposition of slipping like a pearly
dewdrop into the shining sea of reform.
There were no contesting delegations
last night, and Judge Thompson did not
win the chairmanship through any com
binations on jobs.
Fifteen loyal people who have been skir
mishing that way tor years came to order
at 8:30 p.m. Twelve of them were men
and three were ladies. The Prohibition
party is all right on the woman question,
and last night the ladies bad as much to
say as the men, in proportion to numbers,
if not more so, and they provided the big
gest part of the vigor and progressiveness
shown in the discussions.
The appointment of delegates was the
only business transacted, but there were
resolutions, clashes of political ideas and
a slightly fierce opposition to sending an
instiurt^d delegation. Several types of
Prohibitionists were represented, "includ
ing the men who valiantly stand by their
one central principle as the single great
political issue, thosa who are interested in
all sorts of other reforms and who are will
ing to get prohibition by bettering the
world up to it, and those who are not cer
tain about this mixing of things.
Delegates were selected by unanimously
approving the first fourteen nominated,
and these were:
At large— Mrs. Rose M. French, C. B. Wil
liams; regular delegates— Mrs. C. B. Williams,
Rev. J. Roweli, L. Hanson, 8. Kear, Mrs. 8. Fear,
N. S. Hughes, H. H. Luse, Mrs. D. J. Spencer,
Judge Robert Thompson. Charles Van E»toii.
C. Sandhurst, T. S. Harrison.
The selection of alternates involved
thinking up people not present, but when
the nominations reached fourteen they
were approved as follows:
Rev. F. S. Bovard, Miss S. M.K. Cnmmlngs F.
Head, Mrs. H. H. Luse, H. Chester, Barclay J
Smith. C. A. Mavdwell, J. Richards N' Mor
com, F. W. Potter. H. B. Burlinjrame, O. R.
Adams, K. H. Jackson, Mrs. H. E. Brown.
L. Han«on brought the reform union
question to tne front by introducing the
following resolution:
Resolved, That the Prohibitionists of San
Francisco in convention assembled declare for
a broad and comprehensive platform that
shall make a linn and definite declaration on
the principal live issues which are demanding
settlement' at the ballot box. We invite nil
true and earnest reformers to join us in the
work of saving and perpetuating our glorious
Nation.
Mr. Hanson was one of those present
ready to widen out and this element and
the other one stood face to face at last.
Hanson, in speaking to bis resolution, ac
knowledged that some would call him an
•xtremist.
Secretary Frank Head said vigorously
that he didn't believe the County Conven
tion ought to handle that question. He
had not made up his mind on the issue,
but the State Convention was the place for
it and be didn't believe in fettering the
delegates by anything in the nature of in
structions.
"I would like to know," said Mrs. Rose
French, who is strong for the union,
"whether this county committee favors a
broad or a narrow-gauge platform. I will
?robably vote as I please at Btockton, but
would like to know the sentiment of the
committee."
N. Morcora moved to lay the resolution
on the table and it went there by a vote of
8 to 4.
Then the railroad question was tackled.
L. Hanson introduced a resolution, de
nouncing as "unjust and iniquitous any
scheme of C. P. Huntington and his allies"
to accomplish the refunding of the Central
Pacific debt. ♦
Two-thirus of the convention heartily
was with this resolution, and a motion to
table it was lost by a vote of 4 to 8.
The chairman at once got tne resolution
amended.
"I would be ashamed to have that reso
lution go forth from this body as ii stands,"
he declared. "I suggest that we at least
leave out the name. Leave out the 'Hunt
ington.' "
"Now, I suggest that 'iniquitous' be
stricken cut," said Judge Thompson, but
several said "no" so vigorously that "in
iquitous" stayed in.
Mrs. Gray objected to considering the
railroad question, "if we are not going to
taice any ground on woman suffrage, the
financial question and other reforms," but
the resolution was adopted by 8 ayes and
no negative votes.
"I suggest that we pass a resolution
calling on President Cleveland to recog
nize the belligerency of Cuba," said Key.
J. Roweli sarcastically.
"Send it up; that just suits me," cried
Mrs. French.
A season of "remarks" followed, the
chairman leading in a speech expressive
of his certainty of ultimate victory of the
cause.
Mrs. Gray brought up the reform union
again, wanting to find out how the Prohi
bitionists of San Francisco stand on the
union of reform forces.
"I believe," she said, "that it is time
that we unite with other people or parties
who are seeking good government along
with the suppression of the liquor traffic.
If we gain our cause it must be at the bal
lot-box. It cannot be said that prohibi
tion is the paramount issue when only
250.00U of 12,000,000 votars vote in favor of
it."
"lam a prohibitionist from principle,"
said Mr. Head, "and will vote with any
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
party that takes up our cause, butl don't
believe that any will."
Chauncey Williams, the last Prohibition
candidate for Mayor, spoke for the con
servatives.
"Stick to your guns," he said. ''I'm a
reformer, but I don't beiieve that every
thing is reform that people call 'reform.'
I am ready to vote with any party that
sincerely takes up the thing we labor for,
but I am not ready to jump into every
thing called 'reform' when half the time
tueir tendency is to anarchy. If there's
any reform in the singie-taxers, the so
cialists and those fellows, I can't see it."
"Witn that the convention adjourned,
united, like the party, on hostility to
whisky, but divided in policy.
SNOW THAT NEVER CAME.
The Record of Light Snowfalls Broken
in the Sierras This Winter,
The winter just closing in the mountain
regions has been the most remarkable one,
in one respect, which the Southern Pacific
Company has ever experienced, according
to General Superintendent J. A. Fiilmore
and others.
Not a snowplow has run a mile on the
Central Pacific throughout the season.
The big steam rotary plows have been
cold and their bright paint unscratched in
roundhouses all winter. Not even an old
push-plow has bucked a shovelful of snow
between Blue Canyon and Reno.
There has been no snow that the ordi
nary cowcatcher could not get away with.
This, as stated, is the first time that rail
road men have seen such a thing happen
since, the first Central Pacific engine
climbed the Sierras. Away back in the
sixties, when construction was being
pushed in the mountains in midwinter,
the grading often being done in tunnels
under the snow, snowplows were kept
busy much of the time making roads for
the construction trains.
The vast and deep expanse of snow in
the mountains which at first started de
spair and then the great snowsheds was
typical of the annual snows. In seasons
of average mildness since trains have been
kept running with fair regularity with the
help of the snowsheds and the enormous
push-plows which were rushed by several
engines. Blockades in the neighborhood
of the summit have been frequent, and
one season, four or five years ago, no train
got through for four weeks.
The remarkably light snowfall of this
year has saved the company from $300,000
to $500,000. There have been no blockades,
no detention to travel, no expensive wash
outs or landslides and no disastrous tunnel
cavings. The winter of the big blockade
just referred to cost the company about
$900,000, it is estimated. But then on the
other band, say the railroad men, the busi
ness has been light this year to match the
saving.
The condition of things has been nearly
the sajne on the Oregon line. Snowplows
were used but once in the Siskiyou Moun
tains and that was last month.
The light snowfall in the mountains will
likely be followed by a lack of ih" usual
floods in the Sacrammto and San Joaquin
valleys. These rivers are not likely to
reach their usual stages of high water.
Another result may be that there will be
a shortage of water for irrigation later in
the season in the central and upper parts
of the San Joaquin Valley; and then the
Yosemite season will open eariy.
CLIMB TO CRATER LAKE,
The Mazamas and the Crater
Lake Club to Join
Hands.
The People of Ashland Preparing
for a Two • Weeks'
Holiday.
C. B. Watson of Ashland, president of
the Crater Lake Club, and Rev. E. M.
Wilbur of Portland, secretary of ths Maza
mas, are in the City seeing about Southern
Pacific rates for the annual mountain
climbing trip of the Mazamas in which the
Crater Lake Club will join this year.
The Mazamas is the Sierra Club of
Oregon. The society consists of scientists
and others of the Northwest interested in
the mountain regions of Oregon and
Washington from scientific, esthetic,
athletic and other standpoints. It was
organized in 18&1 at the summit of Mount
Hood when the top had been reached by
200 of the 300 people who began the ascent.
Last year Mount Adams was explored to
the summit and this year a great expedi
tion to Crater Lake is being organized.
Crater Lane lies at the summit of the Cas
cade rang c in Southwestern Oregon, about
twenty-five miles north of Mount Klamath.
It fills an ancient crater six by seven miles
in size, is 2000 feet deep and its surface
quietly expands at an altitude of 6:251 feet.
It is the intention to spend a week at this
lake and Joseph Le Conte, John Muir.and
other California mountaineers have been
invited to join the interesting expedition.
C. B. Watson, president of the Crater
Lake Club, will this evening deliver a lec
ture at Stanford, having for his subject
"Crater Lake." The lecture will be illus
trated, stereoptican plates baying bern
made in this City ior the purpose. Mr.
Watson is an enthusiast on bis subject
and declares that neither the Yosemite or
any other park on earth has a thing of
greater grandeur tban Crater Lake.
Crater Lake Mountain lies some eightv
five miles from Ashland in the Cascade
range. Crater Lake is held in the hollow
of the crater, 6000 feet above the level of
the sea. The highest point on the bank is
2200 feet higher. The lake is 2200 feet
deep, so that the depth of the crater is
4400. The lake has no visible outlet nor in
let. The lowest depth of water near the
shore is 1000 feet At one point a rock may
be dropped 1000 feet in the water, where it
will strike, and bounding, will fall 1200
feet more. There is an island in the lake
on the northwestern side which rises 845
feet above the water. The inland is itself
an extinct volcanic cone. At a point half
a mile east of the island the water is 2200 1
feet deep, malting the island rise from the
depths of the crater over 3000 feet.
Compared with other craters of extinct
volcanoes its altituae, depth and area, it
is the greatest known, says Mr. Watson.
If Mount Hood were cut off at the height
of this crater the cone above that point
could be turned into Crater Lake and be
lost. According to rules for measuring
mountains, taking the incline of the side,
etc., this mountain would, were it not
burnt off, riss 20,000 feet high.
"There were evidently a number of great
explosions in the crater at the time of its
activity." said Mr. Watson. "These re
leased the water of a reservoir, which
rushed in and quenched the tire. The lim
of the lake is narrow. The view is incom
parable; 20,000 square miles lie under the
eye, extending over a third of Oregon and
across the line of California, with Shasta,
Pitt, the Three Sisters and many other
snow-capped mountains within the great
circle."
Spring Valley Lakes.
At a meeting of the directors of the
Spring Valley Water Company held yes
terday it was dc-cided not to open the
Piiarcitos Lake to anglers this year. The
San Andreas Lake will not be opened to
the fraternity until July 1.
Reduced Fare for Richmond.
At tne meeting of the Western Addition Im
provement Club held last night a resolution
was iutroduced by Caleb Coakley requesting
the Sntro road to issue 2J^ cent car tickets.
Delegutes to to-morrow's convention of im
provement clubs were appointed.
FROM REAL LIFE.
A Great Truth and a Warning Brought
Out at a Lunch-Table.
Two well-known business men were seated at
a lunch-table recently, consulting the bill of
fare. One of them looked fresh and bright,
the other was pale and languid. After a while
the sickly looking man threw down the bill
and exclaimed:
"It's no use! 1 have no appetite. I can't
eat." His friend looked up anxiously.
"Why, what's the matter?" he asked.
"Well, I don't know," was the reply. "I
have & bad cough in the morning, a tickling
in the throat and difficulty in breathing. My
pulse is quick, my breath is short, and I have a
tightness across the chest. I have tired feel
ings, and seem completely worn out. Now,
what do you think is the matter with me?"
"I don't think, but 1 know that you have the
first symptoms ot consumption. I am con
vinced of it, because I was once in the same
dangerous condition myself. Yon must do
somethiug at once ! If you follow my advice
you will do as I do and take a pure stimulant
regularly. I tried many things, but received
no benefit until I took Dutty's pure malt
whiskey, l have been using it regularly for
over a year now, and it has made me feel better
and stronger than I ever Jelt before. lam not
so bigoted as to let my health suffer when I
know what will restore and preserve it."
The above is not an imaginary conversation.
It actually took place substantially as nar
rated. It is a statement of the experience of
thousands of other people throughout Amer
ica. Dutty's pure malt whistey will check
consumption, will prevent pneumonia, will
build up the system, quicken the circula
tion and give new life. It is nourishing, it is
pure. Every grocer and druggist keeps it, but
care should be exercised to secure only the
genuiue.
DOCTOR IWEANY.
I F YOU HAVE A PEPRET OR WASTING DIB-
I ease which weakens your body, brain or sex-
ual powers, why not go to the
ONE MAN
Who you know will cure you? This man Is
Dr. F. L. SWEAKY, the celebrated specialist,
whose offices are located at 737 Market street,
San Francisco, opposite Examiner office.
Hours 9 to 12 A. 11. and 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 P. M.
Sundays 10 to 12 A. M. only.
GREAT FALLS, MONTANA
SPEAKS FOR ITSELF. A YOU.NO CITY.
with greater water-power than ail the great
water-powers lv the t* nlted states combined, and
aiiiiiiis 80 per cent of the coal of the Stae. For
information call upon or write A. T. KYLE, 14
McKnigtit block.
Agood thing-push it along
PLUG
The largest piece of
Good tobacco
ever sold for 10 cents
NEURALGIA,
SORE THROAT,
SORE EYES,
SPRAINS AND BRUISES
QUICKLY RELIEVED AND CURED BY
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
It Sever Tails to Relieve. Can't Hurt a Child. 'Costs 25 Cents to Try It.
Any Dnif/gUt Hill Get It for lou. Study the Direction.*.
j— - - !
|^^^IKSK I RESTORED^"?S!S:
«{»r*<^Jlw -— «. _i HsrillllWWW ÜbVI "WHlßSJvitalizer.theprescrfp.
ta (^ <V Vh E^f •'Wv |S» tlon 0I a i am ° us French physician, will quickly cure you of all npr.
ilvy^ All ,\\ ? ses , o^ tn c , v eorgallB,sucha,£oVtMa^h?a^
«B^— <^rJ S4m .— » 1 " srll ™ ll%# ** ■* , a4 ~ V ,■ **«ltUVitalizer,theprescrlp.
W PV mm I*St jS tion 01 a laraous French physician, will quickly cure you of all ner.
\\\ /■ \ / \f± ' \A voua or <Jla pftse s of the generative organs such as TLost MmihSvrt
■9 S. ' £jK/ Vi JLtUJ Insomnia-Pains in the Back, Seminal Emissions NervonsDPhJiltv
\#^» A **T im£ imP M e %L Dfit r\'^ l n ryi Dr»ln^ e Va"lJoce!e aft
¥3 >v A V -/ Constipation. It stops all losses by day or nieht. Pr»vpn*s nntrir.
M \-/ Na^/ ness of discharge .which if not checked feads^S^iStorrS^ ar!d
m BEFORE and AFTER $^^«sG*«^\^^*™^^V™***
■^ CITI»IJ)E3fE strengthens and restores small weak organs. '
"_^ The reason sufferer-, are not cured by Doctors Is because ninety per cent are troubled with
Proatatltlm. CUPIDENE is the only Known remedy to cure without an operation: MOO testimony
fl!^^b^» a^7^ •?* • *»»—««
Address DAVOL DXEDICJLHJS CO., ' 1170 Market street, San Francisco. Cal. For sale by
BROOKS' fJiAHiIAUY, 118 Powell streeu
SEW TO-DAY.*
SWAGGER
OUTER
GARMENTS.
7 M 4 flo ' Nowhere else
i iin town such
'^sLf^' styles and quali-
ss sssf^r. ties as these, at
such low prices.
Test the truth of our statement
by a personal inspection. A
quick mail order department at
your service.
JACKETS— $8.50 and fo.oo.
ALL-WOOL SERGE CHEVIOT JACK-
ETS— Sllk-llned all through-novel- :»p;J. :
ty pearl buttons— box fronts— the »
new sleeve.s— black or blue— all si»es Cj Q. 50
up 10 42— usually $15. - special price <£)O—
ALL-WOOL HIGHLY FINISHED
KERsEY JACKETS— Light tun,
■ newest cut— best tailor m ik6-duv-
elty. buttons— very swe.l and worth (2»Q.00
*1650. Special price «Jp«y— —
TAILOR-MADE FROCKS.
TRIM REEKEH OUTING DRESSES
— Extra wide skirts with rustling lln-
iru— bis sleeve— box troni jacket-
made of black, blue and tan serges
and fancy mixed cheviots— made as
only the most styllali garin ins areaJ»"l£>,so
made. An extraordinary bargain at«3>lD —
SEPARATE SKIRTS.
BEAUTIFUL ALL-SILK BROCADE
SKIRTS— Very wide cut— "harms"
perfectly— lined with stiff rustleina
—velveteen binding. The silk alone
at retail store would cost our special l Q,8%
price <£)J.G —
SILK WAISTS— S6.
PERSIAN WARP PRINT SILK
WAISTS— Lined all ihrousth— Bis-
hop sleeves— Oaring turned-up cults
and collar velvet trimmed— all sizes. OP. OO
—an attractive 850 waist for. t2)D
KELLY & LIEBES.
120 KEARNY STREET.
BBBBKBB WLLCOX compound
TTansvpills
~».,,k- , Safe and SURE. Always reliable. Take
DOBUDstltute. Forsatebyalldrnupists. $2.00. Send
4c, for Woman' Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
I CO., 228 SOUTH EIGHTH ST..PHILADA..PA.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SIMBIARY OF THE MAKKETS.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat futures lower.
Barley steady.
Oats, Corn and Bye quiet.
Hay weak. Beans dull.
New Potatoes firmer.
Onions unchanged.
Vegetables about the same.
Gutter steady.
Cheese and Kggs continue to weaken.
Poultry nominal.
Cherries sold higher.
Barries firm.
Choice Oranges doing better.
Provisions unchanged.
Mining stocks active.
Explanation.
The arrow files with the wind. Tbe top figures ;
at station indicate maximum temperature for ihe {
days; those underneath it. If any, tlu- amount of
rainfall, of melted knew in Inches and hui.dredths,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or .solid
lines, roni.'c: points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. Ine I
word ■■high" means high 1 arometric pressure and j
is usually accompanied by {air weather: "low" '
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded !
and accompanied by cloudy weather and rains, j
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Improb
able. With a "high" In the vicinity of Idaho, and |
the pressure falling to the California* coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
weather in winter. The reverse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
WDATUfcR BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depabtment of Agricoi/
tibe. Weatheb Bukkac, Sax Francisco,
May 4, 1896, 5 p. M.— Weather conditions and
general forecast:
Tne following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with t hose of the same date last sea- j
son: Eureka 48.49. last season 41.14: Red Bluff |
20.88, last season 29.25; San Francisco 20:57, j
last season 25.37: Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; j
San Luis Obispo 17.62, lav season 25.93; Los An- |
geles 9.06, last season 16.04: San Diego 5.90, last
season, 12.16; Yuma .88. last season 3.01.
Tbe following maximum temperatures are re
parted from stations la California durine the past I
twenty-four hours: Eureka 52, Red Bluff 66, San j
Francisco 58. Fresno 76. San Luis Obispo 58, Los \
Angeles 70, San Diego 64, Yuma 92.
Kan Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58, \
minimum 52, mean 55.
The following rainfalls have been reported in
California during tbe past twenty-four hours:
Eureka .44, Red Bluff 03., San Fraocisco .04.
The pressure continues generally low over the
northern half of the Pacific Slope. It is rising
along the coas's of Oregon and Washington. There |
has been a marked fall during the pas', twenty- four
hours In pressure over Ctah and probably Colo
rado. Rain has fallen during the past twelve
hours at every station in the region west of the I
110 th meridian an I norih of the 4iM parallel, but 1
In smaller quantities than during any twelve hours 1
for .-everal days back. Conditions are more favor- !
able for fair weather along the Pacific Slope than ]
they have been during the week. The temnerature I
has' fallen over Nevada and Southern Idaho. It
has remained stationary over California. It will I
fall decidedly in Utah and Northern Arizona dur
ing the next twenty-four hours.
The Sacramento Kiver at Red Bluff is 17 feet and
rising slowly. It was 9 feet yesterday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, .May 5, 1896:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; colder in
the Sacramento and San Joaquin valleys; fresh
northerly winds.
Southern California— Fair Tuesday: colder Tues
day night in the eastern portion; light westerly
winds.
Nevada— Fair Tuesd&y; colder.
Utah— Probably rain Tuesday: decidedly colder.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; colder In the northern
portion.
Pan Francisco arid vicinity— Fair Tuesday; fresh
westerly winds.
a. G. McAdik, Local Forecast official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 4 Speculation on
the Stock Exchange to-day, while quiet, was in
the main strong. Easy money, more favorable
crop news and the heavy oversubscription of the
New York City 31/2 per cent gold bonds were the
factors at work. The standard railroad stocks cut
but a snin.i figure in the total dealings, and Lon
don operations were unusually light. Tbe engage
ment of $2,150,000 gold for shipment to Europv
bad but little effect, and less attention was paid to
tbe rumors that at leant $10,000,000 would be for
warded before the middle of June.
Bay State (ins. Su^ar, Tobacco, Leather preferred*
Chicago Gas and Rubber were most prominent I
in 'to-day's limlied speculation. Bay State Gas
bounded up from 25% to 3U/ 8 ; fell to 29% and
later rose to 32. Boston advices were to the effect
that the fight between the gas companies had
ceased, and this accounted for the rise. Sugar first
ran off from 125 to 124% on a reduction of a six
teenth in refined, and then' rallied to 125. Tobacco
dropped from 67 7 to 65% and rose to 68. Rub
ber was heavy, breaking 23/ 8 to 2334 for the com
mon and 3% to 84 for the preferred. ■ ,
Long stork: came out on the announcement that
eX-President Bannigan intended erecting a new
*l,00l),000 plant to compete with. the company.
Leather preferred was decidedly strong and rose
from 62% to 64%. Nortli American was more
active and firmer than of late and rose to 6. The
company, it it announced," has paid oft $1,800,000
of its no es of lat ■• and has still a moderate amount
outstanding which will be liquidated shortly. The
liquidation is due to the recent sale of its holdings
In the Milwaukee Street Railway and the Korean
syndicate.
I Speculation was strong at the close. Net changes
In the railway list show gains of % to 1 per cem.
he Industrials gained % to 6 percent Bay state
Gas leading. •Rubber-common lost 1% and pre- !
ferred 3% per cent. Total sales were 117, i
aham.
Bonds wera. dull and firm. Sales footed up
$919,000. Chicago and Indiana Coal fives rose
1% 10 IOO14; People's Gas of Chicago second
sixes, Ito 106%. i\ . ■ • •
• In Government bonds $95,000 coupon four* of
1925 sold at' 117 i/ 2 @117-«i; $10,000 registered
fours of 1907 at 109 %• Sisierea
Grain.
FLOUR— DuII; winter wheat, low grades, $2 20
&3 00: do ' fair to fancy, $2 85<&3 85; do patents
$3 90@.4 20: Minnesota clear, $2 f>lkn..'> 15- do
straights, $3 OWaS 50; do patents, «i 45^355
-low extra.' $2 60<$3 00; city mills, $4 10S4 to- do
patents, $4 30@4 60: rye mixture. $2"50©3 50
-superline, $2 (1(%2 36: fine, $2 00@2 30. -south
ern, flour, dull, easy, ■$2 4L'@2 SO. Buckwheat
flour, $1 20. ■•■"'-:■■#
BUCKWHEAT— 40@42c.
CORNMKAL— Quiet, steady: yellow Western,
$2 20@2 25: Brandy wine. $2 20.
RYK— Steady;'No. 2 Weslern, 42%@45c; state
•6%c. ~
BAJtLKY— Steady; ungraded Western, 39@41c
BARLEY MALT— Nominal; Western, 48@53c
■WHEAT- Dull, easier; closing steady; f. o. b.,
73% cto arrive: ungraded red, 70©80 c: No. 1
Northern, 7034 c
Options were fairly active, and closed steady
Vifd^ic decline, •- following • the • West and on
easier cables, foreign Belling on fine weather and
Increase on pn iage. July and May most ac'lve.
No. 2 red. May, 015V2C; June, 683/»c; July, 68% c;
August. r'"> 4c: September, 68s/ 8 c; October, 69^«---
December. 70 % c . .■-■■' . ...
Stocks of grain, store and afloat, May 3: Wheat,
21,«H4; corn, 556,143; oats. 1,434,714; lye, 8866;
barley. 510: malt, 126,528 bushels. '
• ss's/^afloftt 111 : steady. No. 2, » 3 . 2 % c elevator;
Options were dull and steady at »/»@%c decline
through Increased stocks and amount on passage,
with lone realizing*. - ..iay and July most active
May, ?4%c; June. 3514 c; July, 35% c; August.
38% c; September. 36 1.4 c. •■
OATS-Qulet; steady, Options-Dull, steady:
May. 23%c:~July. 24c "
Spot prices: No. 2. 2 ;■,<■; do. 2 white, 251,4 -
No. 2 Chicago. 2s%c: N". 3, / 4«i23iAc: No. 3
white, 24i4@i4%c: mixed \Ve»terur^4V"®2siAc
do white ana while State. 26@28c "
. FEKD BUAN-57%(a62V>c^
' MIDDLING!;— 6S(&7Oc.
RYE- Feed, 65c. .
. ; - . .; Provisions.
BEEF — Inactive: family, $9 50@ll; extra
roa<ss.s7@B: beef hams, slow, $14 50(gd6- ti^rced
beef, quiet; : city extra India t mess. $14@15 60;
cut meats dull, steady; pickled bellies, 12 pounds,
•lSliWJ '*<c; do shoulders, 4 *'!'♦>'; do hams,
9@B^4c . !■,. • ■
LAKD — Quiet, firm: Western steam, *5 05;
city, 94 50; May. 96; Refined, slow; continent.
75*35: South American. *5 75: compound, 4Vi@
4^'gc. ■ ■
PORK— better demand; old mess, 99@
9 50: new mess, 911. ' . ■ ■ , .
BUTTER— Firm; fair demand; State dairy, 8
®llc; do creamery. ll@16c: Western dairy,
I 7@llc; do creamery, ll@16c: do held, 9(«llc,
do factory, 7@loc, .ulglns, 16c: -imitation cream
ery, 9%@1 2c. • .
CHEESE- Moderately active: State large, 5@
6%c; do fancy, 9%@9%c: do small, 4%@10c;
part skims. 2<cOsc: full skims, 2@2%c-
EGGS— Weak, large receipts; State and Penn
sylvania, 10y 2 @11%c: .Southern, B@9c; Western
fresh, 9@lo»ic.
TALLOW— Quiet, weak; city. 3V4@3 6-16 c:
country, Si.4(S3r. j,c. - '•
COTTON I OlL— Dull; crude. 21% c: yellow,
prime. 25Vite»25%c; do off grade. 25y*(326%c.
RESIN— Firm, auiet; stralnea, common to good.
92. .
TURPENTINE— NominaI; 28V4@28%c
POTATOES— Easy.
RlCE— Fairly active. Domestic, fair to extra, 3
(&5:»4c ; Japan, 4@4Vic
"MuLASsKS- Firm: New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Fairly steady. 5 points down to 5 up.
May, $12 95: July. 912 60; September. 911 56®
1170: December. $10 90: March, $10 96. Spot
Rio duli. steady. No. 7, 13%@14c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady. quiet: fair refining, 33,4 c:
centrifugals. 96 test, 4V*c: refined. l-16c lower;
quiet; 0:1 A, 4 13-16@5c:! mold A, 5s /g c; stand
ard A, 53/gc; confectioners' A, 614 c; cut loaf, 6c:
crushed, be; powdered and cubes, 6%c; granu
lated, 51 Be.B c.
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS—NominaI.
WALNUTS— NominaI.
APRICOTS— Bags. Bi*:(ai2e.
PEACHES— PeeIed, r &>, 10@13o: do nnpeeled,
Three-crown loose muscatel, S%@4c;
do London layers, 90c@$l.
PRUNES— Four sizes. 6c
HOPS— State common to choice. 2v <atßc: Pa
cific Coast. 2%@7c
WOOL— Quiet, domestic fleece, 15g21c; pulled,
15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
' Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderately active; American,
$11 50(6.12 50.
COFJ-EK— Quiet. $10 75.
LEAD— Quiet, 93 ob@3 07%.
TIN-Steady, 913 30@13 40; plates, fairly ac
tive.
KPELTEK-Steady; domestic 14 05@4 ia
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, lix., May 4.— ln wheat to-day the
feeling was rather uncertain. Last weeic's victory
of the bears placed prices on a somewhat low plane
and their success seemed to have brought satisfac
tion enough for the present. At tbe same time the
bulls were without argument on which to base
claims against an advance. The weather yester
day in the Northwest was propitious for seeding
purposes, but the weather bureau predicted
1 showers for to-day and to-night. Good growing
weather was reported in winter wheat sections.
Liverpool cables were lower. Kecelpts in tho
Northwest were 477 cars, acainst 609 last Monday
' am! :<B4 a year ago. Chicago received 18 cars and
inspected out 190,159 bushels. The visible supnly
< decreased 2,427,000 bushels, which was accounted
I large but not extraordinary in view of tbe recent
I opening of late navigation.' Tbe world's shipments
I for the week were 6,6:8.0110 bushels. There was
an increase in the amount on ocean passage of
560,000 bushels and adecrease in the English visl
j ble supply of 77,000 bushels. Closing Continental
I cables were irregular. Export clearances were
230,186 bushels. July wheat opened from 61 "•/&(£
j BlS^gc, sold between 62c and 61» 8 0, closing at
j 615/ ec, V4(j**/sc under Saturday. Estimated re
ceipts for to-morrow 35 cars.
CORN— Was^without a particle of news or in
formation favorable to values early. Tbe compara
tive steadiness of wheat tended to support prices,
however, and the market did not suffer materially.
Receipts, which were large at 36'J cars, imparted
some weakness to the tone at the opening. Liver
pool cables were steady. Withdrawals from store
were light at 15.664 bushels. Tbe visible supply
decreased 3,836,000 bushels and tbe amount on
ocean passage Increased 7^0,000 bushels. Export
clearances amounted to 145.171 bushels. July
corn opened at i.'9i/3(a,2as B e, sold at 29Mj<", closing
29$s c ' 14c under Saturday. Estimated receipts
1 for to-morrow 415 cars.
I OATB— FeII Into the course of the other markets
I because of the lack of uews directly bearing on
I their own condition. Receipts were 198 cars and
2,125. 000 bushels were withdrawn from store.
The visible supply decreased 1.355,000 bushels.
July oats closed a shade under Saturday. Estl-
I mated receipts for to-morrow 785 cars.
I FLAX — Was steady. Cash, b934,^90c: May, 85c;
j July 87S4c; September, 90(&90y 2 c. Receipts were
I 63 cars.
! PRt»VISIONS-The product market early pre
sented a contrast to grain, the tone showing de
rided strength nnri vigor. The explanation of tbe
! Improvements was fonnd in a better bog market.
I Later In the morning the trade lapsed into dull
ness and inactivity with prices fairly well main
tained,hut before the closea heavier tone appeared
and recessions took place. July pork and lard
closed unchanged and July ribs 6c higher.
BUTTEk— Offerings of butter to-day were only
moderate and the quality fair. Business was as ac
tive as possible under the circumstances. The
feeling was steady. Creameries— Extras, 15c; firsts,
i 14@14y.c-. seconds, ll@13c: imi:ations. fancy, 10
, @llc. Dairies— Extras, 13c: firsts, 1 1(9120; spc
, onds. 9c. Ladles— Extras, 9@loc; firsts, B@Bi/aC:
I packing stock 7c.
EGGS— Were low and weak. Sellers were plen
! tiful and buyers few. Local orders made up the
I bulk of the demand. Fresh stock ranged from 8c
! to 9c t dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6<s7x on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 65c premium.
Closing; Prices.
WHEAT-May. 60y 4 c; July, 615/gc; Septem
ber, 62Vac.
CORN-May, 28c; July, 295/sc; September,
306/ B e.
OATS— May. 17 %c; July, lB^c; Septem
ber, 19»/gc.
PORK-May, $7 90; July, $8 02^: Septem
ber, $8 20.
J.AKD-May, $4 75; July, $4 87y,; Septem
ber, AS 05.
hißs— May, $4 10; July, $4 25; Septem
ber, $4 40. v
Livestock:.
UNION STOCKYARDS, lia., May 4.— Although
tbe run of cattle to-day was liberal tbe market
was active and stronger. Tnere were a good many
orders to b« filled the moderate receipts of last
week being still felt, The supply of hogs was greatly
reduced, and prices were therefore stronger. An
advance of 10c was established. An active local
and shipping demand for sheep was noted. Prices
were 10c higher.
CATTLE - Receipts. 17,000. Fancy beeves,
$4 45@4 60 : choice to prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 2t>(a)4 40: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds, $4 00r<£4 20: medium steers. 1000
to 1 400 pounds, $3 80@3 95 : common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 4Uto3 76: choice seeders
900 to 1180 pounds, $3 50@3 95; common to choice
stockeni. $3 2&@3 75: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. $2 8 5@3 50: bulls, poor to choice, $2 25®
2 80; cows and heifers, extra.s3 60@)4 00; cows, fair
to choice, $2 40(0)3 50: cows, common to fair.
$1 60@2 35: calves,- good to choice, $4 25
&64 75; calves, common to good. $2^3 40: Texas
grass steers, $'_' t>o@2 90: l>xas steers, poor to
choice. $3 25@3 96: milkers ana springers, per
head. $20@40. P
HOGS— Receipts. 29.000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots. $3 35(33 55: common to • choice
mixed. $3 30(is3 57%: choice assorted." $3 &6C4
3 65; light, $3 40(53 65; pigs, $2 90(^3 60-
SHEEP — Receipts, 16.000. Inferior to choice,
$2 &0I&3 80; lambs, $3 25i&5. ,
ELGIN BUTTER.
ELGIN. 111., May 4.— The butter market to-day
ran higher and active. There were 30,000
pounds sold at 15% c .;
NEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*. ■
Money on call easy at 2@2i£ ; lost loan at 2%;
, and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile
per,.505V 3 X- Bar silver, 68a Mexican dollars. S."JS/ 4
©Sac. bteriing exchange steady, with actual busi
uess in bankers' bills at $4 87»4@4 88 for sixty
days and $4 88%@4 89 for demao<t Posted ratr-«.
34 88V:i34 00. Commercial bills, $4 Bb3/ 4 (o»4 87%.
oovernment bonds firm;, State bonds dull: rail
road bonds stronger, silver at the board was quiet.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable-.. 'J:iy a Norfolk <& Was: . y.
Atcblnon. ......... 16 -• Preferred...; ... Bs/,,
Frelerrea 24 Northern' Pacific.. ls/«
Adams Express. ..160 . Preferred. 19x2
A lion, Terre Haute. 55 Nonnwestern.... lt>tfi/J
American Express. 113 Preferred.. ....... 148 v,
American Tobacco, 68 . N. Y. Central. L>8 1 7
Preferred 95 N.Y.Chlcago*a.& lia?
Bay SiaieUu...... 3i%| Ist preferred... 78 /4
litlilmore aohla. l7 l/ 4l /4 2d preferred.... 33
BrunswicK Lands.. US, Y. &N. H . 172
Buffalo. Roch &P." 16 IN. Y. & New Kn«. 40 ;
Canada Pacific. „ 60% j.N. Y. Busq<* W.« 9ia
Canada Southern.. 60V* Preferred. ._ 24»T
Canton Land....... 61) i/^ Ontario. ...... 14/,*
Central J»aclflo.... 15i/ 2 Ontario & Western. Lsi/«
Ches. A Ohio. 17V4 Oregon Improvmt 1
Chicago Alton 154, I Preferred... — .
Prererrea 170 ; Oregon Navitatlonl 17
Chicago, O. <fe u—u — »1 \\ Orecon short Una. 7v n
Chicago K. 111... 41 'Pacific Mau 27 1
I Preferred. 100 . I Peona. D.& Kvana, 2ZJ
Chlcagooas....;... 70% Ptttsburg & W pta 16 7*7 *
Cleve & Putsburg. 160 I Pollman Palaoa...lUO
Consolidation CoaL unlcksllver... 1
Consolidated Gas.. 133 Preferred....."** 15
C. CC. & Si. Louis, 35 Reading.. " 32a/«
Prcrferreu.. 81 HloUrandeiwesVa 18
Cola Fuel & Iron.. 31 .7 ! ' Preferred. .... 43
: Preferred ;..;..». 100 Rock Island 717/-
Cotton Oil- cert.... 13%:ftomeWat&Oadeall4i«.
Commercial Cable. 158 W*»U L. & 8. w .... 4?*
Del. Hudson 127 Preferred..... " 11 *
l>cl.LackdfcWesternlril St. Paul.. .... "* 79
Denver* R. U-.... 13% Preferred....
Preferred. 49% Bt. Paul* Dolata. 24
Distuiers .......... , 19 - 1 - Preferred V- 47
General iLiectrlc... Bj% fit, Paul A Omabm. 4.11/.
Kr1«...... i4V* 1 Preferred. ... . / *
1 Preferred SB% «st. **• **• & H......1ia
; Fort Wayne 160 Silver Certincates. 68V4
(ireaiNoribernDfa.li-j- Southern Pacific. 2i)iZ
Green 8ay.;. ....... %couinern it it...^, os?
Hartcm. ...;..;.„.. 29* I Preferreo. s\i*
I Hocking Coal 2isi'fcUKar Kennery.... 1247/0
1 Hocking. Valley... 1/ t Preferred. ....... 10a 8
Homeatake,,-. ...... -30 T*nn. Coal & Iron. 30
11. Texas Cenu. 2% Preferred inn
Illinois Central..;. 96-.« Texas Pacific.. .. $i M
lowa Central. .._ , 9% 101.A.A.A N.Jaica,—
Preierrea...*...... 3d ■ 1 01. & Ohio Cen.,.. S3
Kansas* Texas. la |- Preferred......... 75 '
Preferred.. ;...■.„ i 273, 10I. St. Louis &K.a . bia
Kingston * Pern... 3 1 Preferred......... 10 -
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
Lake Erie AWesu 18V« Union Pac1f10...... . 8%
Preferred 71J^ V P.. Deri. A Gait m>/<
Laice snore lftO 1 V .B. Cordage.. .„.. 6
iSationai Lead 26% . Preferred ._ 10 .
Preferred »l»/ 4 Guaranteed....... £0
LonglKlana 60 0. B. Express.. .— 43
Louis villa & Nasti. 62 Vi V. & Leather.. .... 9Vs
Louisvlllß Cn. B".| Preferred, ; » 64
Preferred......... ;i U. 8. Ruober...... 2434!
Manhattan Consoi. 109 Preferred.......^ 82
Uempnis A Charla, 15 Utlca AB. River.. 150
Mexican Central... jo:}* W«ta, K. L. A Pao.. -7;
Michigan Central.. ' 86W Preferred... ....«' 18%
iJinn <t S. x. " Wells-Fanro. 98
Preferred. — — Western Union.. «, 85%
Minn. A St. L com. 19 Wls Central. ....... 2V%
• Ist preferred...... 79 Vss Wheeling &L. E.. 10V 8
2d preferred.... v 62 i ■ Preferred. 35%
Issoun Pacific.... 2SV 8 ! Am Cotton OU ofo. 681%
Mobile* Ohio 21 IW V Beef .......... 7 S A
Nashville Chatt.... f.B Arbor. 9%
National LinseeJ.. 17 I Preferred 25Va
N. J. Central 106% Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... 5 W
CLOSING BONDS.
ÜB4s.rwt 109 iv KT2ds 59»A
Do, 4» coupon... : 111 Do,«s. .... 86 -
C t- 4snewreg. 117s/. Mutual Onion 65... 114
Do, 4a coupon... 117. '..1N J Cent Gen 65...H8.
Da 2» 94V. Northern Pao lets. 117
Do, 65... ll_'i:i Do. 2rts .....1143^
Do. Os conDon_..ll2V2 Do. 80s. ..;. .70
Cherokee 4s. 189t>. 100 North weat" Consols. 1 HB»4
Do, 1897- 100 Do, deb Os- 107
D 0.1898-. 100 OR A N Ist* .110
D 0.1899 100 6ilxfelronMtOenos 93
6eof '95.... St L A S F Gun 6s. Ills
C. 8-8 os ..109y 4 St Paul Consols ...130
Ala Class A 4...... 106 P. C & Pa 117%
Do. Claw 84, s*. 10»J ' Do. Pac Cal <«.).. 110
1*C0n50i45........ 87Vi Southern It. R. Bs. 93
Slluonrl fundinc. Texas Pacific first* 70
*> Carolina con Os.. 1.' 4 Texas Pac seconds. 22%
•Do, 4«. ............ 104 UnionPac Ist of d«. 105
60 Carolina 4%5...10a West Shore 4«.....106
T«an n«w ai _86 , Mobile A Ohio is.. 06V4
Va funding dent... 61 R GranaeWest Ist* 76
Ji 0 ; «*...... ..... Ches AO Be 108>4
deferred es... 6 Atchison 4«..... 80
rr * >o - trust rent* st « Do. a... 2514
Canada South 2 9 a - 104 oHAB A6s 105 *
Si l?^^ 1 ? or M 10 ! V * Do. M 7s. ...... 100
«D4BO1« 110^2 HA Tex Cent 109
»s°-_«» 81 Dacones 100%
*rie2ds..... 34 Reading 4s  801/8
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Missouri lid  100
*b i*a lav JDen dlvlll
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHKAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL. Eng., May 4.— The spot market
is dull at 6s sVzd@ss 6d. Cargoes dull at 27s 9d,
prompt shipment.
FUTCRK3.
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: May,
5s 2»id; June. 5s 3d: July, 5s 3V*d: August, 5s
SVid; September, 6s «i/ 2 d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON. Esq., May 4. -Omuls. 11l 1-16;
silver 31 l-16d: French Rentes, 102f 12J/2C
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 88 V 4
Sterling Exchange, sight — ■; >•:■■. ,
Sterling Cables $4 80% 490
New York Exchange, sight — 07*/*
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver. V ounce — 68
Mexican Dollars 53% 54
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTUEK GRAINS.
WHEAT— The English markets are lower, but
this market shows no change, owing chiefly to the
slender offerings. Futures, however, are lower.
No. 1, $1 07y a <ai 0*3,4 ctl; cuoice, $1 10: lower
grades, 91@10CVi: extra choice for milling, 81 16
®1 22%.
CALL BOABD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 3oo
tons, $1 06%: 100, $1 05%.
Reodlah .Mimxixii SKBeioN— December— Boo
tons, $1 05%; 500, $1 056,8. Seller '96. new, stor
age paid -100, $1 02%: 100, $1 03%.
1 Afternoon Session — December — 200 tons,
$106%.
BARLEY— Steady and unchanged. Feed. 71%
@73% c; choice, 76@7tfi/ic; Brewing, 80@87%a
CALL BOARD BALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— No sales.
Rkovlak Morning Session— December— loo
tons, 7 «* 81-".8 1 -".
afternoon Session — December— 2oo tons,
$1 05%.
OAT:- — Nothing new. Milling, 75@82%c. >
ctl; fancy Feed, 82%@87%c: good to choice. 76<^
80c; common to fair, 67%@72%; Gray, Ti^Mat
80c; Surprise. 9Oc(B>sl * cli.
CORN— DuII and unchanged. Large Yellow quot- I
able at 88Si®90c ■$ ctl: Small Round do, 97V-C®
$1: White. s,i, 3(s9oc3 (s9oc V ctl. I
RYE— 76>,i(&7bß / 4C4 C * ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS<£I9Oc * ctL
FLOUR AND 3IILI.STUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash, prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 V bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine. «2 75@3 V bbl. I
CORNMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 60;
Cracked Corn, $21 9 ton.
MI LLSTUFFS- Prices In 10- lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2» /4 c; Rye Flour. 3Vic: Rice Flour. A c: Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
33/ic; Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4(j£4»/.c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3%0; Farina,
4%c; WholeWheat Flour, Sc; Rolled Oats, 4%c;
Pearl Barley, 4%c: Split Peas, 4« /4 c; Green So,
6%C V Ib.
HAT AND FKEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— sls@ls 60 * ton.
MIDDLINGS— SI7@IB V ton for lower grades
and $18 60@19 50 %» ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 '$ ton; jobbing, $21:
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 V ton.
HAY— Continues weak at the familiar figures.
Wheat, $B@ll 60 V ton: Oat, $7@9: Wheat and
Oat, $8^11: Barley, $7@9; Alfalfa. *7@9; Clover,
$«@7 50: Compressed Oat. $6 50@8; Compressed
Wheat, $7@lo 60: Stock, $6@7 « ton.
STRAW— $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Quiet and weak. Bayos are quotable
at 90c@$l %» ctl; Small Whites, $1 25@1 45^
ctl: Pea. $1 26®$1 60: Large Whites. $101 10:
Pink, 90@95c; Reds, $1 26; Blaclceye. $1 4Or«l 60:
Red Kidney, nominal; Lima*. $2 75@3; Butters
$1 40@l 60 for small and $1 2*><a,l 60 for large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 50
@2 25 $ ctl; Trieste. $2@2 50 *» cti; Yel
low Mustard, $1 40@l 60; Flax, $1 70@l 80; Ca
nary, 2»4c » lb; Alfalfa, 3 @9%c »* lb; Rape,
2%c 9 ft.; Hemp, 3%c V S>. *^
DRIED PEAS— SI 25®1 40 9 ell for Nlles and
$1 26@1 45 tor Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POT ATOES— New Potatoes were steadier at 75c@
$1; River Burbanks, 40@&0c; Oregon Burbanks,
50@70c;- Oregon Garnet Chiles, 75c; Early Kose.
65(o>"0c: Pi'talnma and Tomales, 45@60c 9 ctl;
HnmDoldt Burbanks. sU@7oc V cti.
ONIONS— $1 76@2. New Onions,
$1 25 V ctl. A car from Ogden sold at $1 60.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were • 5e5 boxes As
paragus, 189 boxes Rhubarb and 476 sacks Peas.
Green Peas did better. - Tomatoes continued very
du11. .--.:■•-. v .,-..-.; _.
Mushrooms are quotable at 10@16c Hi:
Summer Squash, 10c f* It,; Egg Plant, 16c is !b;
Los Angeles' Tomatoes, $I@l 25 1* box: Mexi
can Tomatoes, $1 25,'<£1 60 1H box: Cucumbers, 75c
fn.sl %' doz: Asparagus, $1 50@2 26 "f*. box for ordi
nary and .$2 60@3 for extra: Rhubarb, 25@75c;
Dried Peppers. -7@9c: Green Peppers, 12%<i$16c:
Green Peas, $I@l 26 1^ Hack for common and
2i/2@3c i* ib for Sweet; String Beans, 4@6c V lt>;
Horse Beans, 35@50c 'f. sack; Dried Okra, 12% c;
new Cabbage, 60c & ctl: Garlic. 4%@5c V lb.
BETTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
BUTTER— change to report. .
Creamery — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13V«c
* It..
. Dairy— Fancy, 12V«@1S':; good to choice, 12c;
lower grades, llia.l l l
Eastern— Nominal.
CHEESE — Another decline Is noted. Fancy
mild new, 7@7%c V lb: common to good, 6%c;
Cream Cheddar, 10@llc p tb; .Young America. 8
@9c Ib: Western, 10®llc; Eastern. 12@13%c
EGGS— The market is lower again and weak and
dull. Buyers seem to be well supplied for the pres
ent. . Oregon Eggs, 11 %@ 12c; Eastern Eggs, 11%
@12c; store Eggs, ll%(<sl!i%c: ranch Eggs, 13(c5
13% c, with sales at 14c; Duck Eggs, 14@16c ?
dozen. ' 1
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — Was nominal. Live Turkeys, 15
@17c ip ft for GobbleH, 15@16c 'f, lb for Hens:
Geese, ffc pair, $1 25@1 75; Goslings, $1 50@
2 25; Ducks, $4@5 t* dozen for old and $s(a.
8 ¥ dozen for young: Hens, $3 50(a>6: Roosters,
young, $7 50@9 t> doz: do, old, $4@4 50; Fryers,
$6@6 50; Broilers. $5 i)o<u.H for large and $vids4
for small; Pigeons, 81 50© i 75 for young and
$1 60® 1 76 for old.
GAME— Hare, 60c@ $1; Rabbits, $1 25 for Cot
tontails and $I@l 25 «* doz for small.
DKCIDIOLS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRTJ ITS— Apples, $1 2503 7 box.
Arrivals of Cherries were 128 boxes, selling at 5O
@6Oc for White, 40@75c for Red and $1 60@2 «
box for Black.
BKRRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 236
chests, selling at $7@io ~? chest for Longworths
and $4^,6 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 30@>40c r drawer and 3@3y 2 c ft lb
in sa kg.
Raspberries. $) (31 60 drawer.
CITRUS FRUITS— Fancy Oranges aredolng bet
ter, bnt common stock shows no Improvement.
Oranges are quotable at $102 fk nox for Seed
lings, $2@4 for Navels, $1 76(^2 76 fur Malta
Bloods and $1 60(3)2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 76c@$l 60 for common and $2@2 60 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5 60; Bananas,
$I@2 bunch; Pineapples, $3@6 p dozen.
DKIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The ' following prices rule on
tbe Fruit Exchange: . .
Carload Lots— Apples, 1%@2c,«4'1b for quar
tered, ;2c for ; sliced and 4(g.1'. : for evaporated ;
Peaches, 2»/i(u,lc and 60 for fancy; Apricots, 6%<§k
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc~?l
S> for fancy Moorpurk; Figs, black, 2y~c for ■ an
pressed: White Figs. :4c in sacks: • Pears, 7c V
i lb for evaporated halves, 3i/2@6c %1 lb for quarters:
Pruiifes, 3@3Vio: Plums, 3%c ."$ lb for pitted and
l%@2c for unpltted; Nectarines. 3i^®6c t* lb for.
prime to choice and s Vic for fancy. ; :■;-:.. ,- v
' Jobbing • Prices— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
* lb; sun-dried, U/2@2c- Peaches, 3@4c and s@6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes 11@12V«5C; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, 6@siAc for 40@50's and 4%@5c
for 60@60's: Apricots. «iA@9c for prime to Choi
10@llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 3^c:
White Figs, 3@sc: Pears. 8c $ lb , for evapoi
ated halves and 4@7i/ 2 c for quarters; Plums,
SVa@4c.for pitted and l®liAc for unpltted; Nec
tarines. 4@sc ft, for prime to choice.
I RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3%c «4 tb; 3-crown. loose, 2V»c: 2
crown. 2c; seedless Sultanas, :H ; 33 4 c: seedless
Muscatels, 2%@25 / i C ; three-crown London layers,
70c 9 box: clusters, $1 36781 60: Dehesa clusters,
92 10@2 25; imperial clusters, 12 60®2 75; Dried
Grapes, $ ft. ...... . ■ -."r ..
■ Jobbing Pbicks— Four-crown loose, 3VaC% 3
crown, 2S4®Sc; 2-crown 2i4@2%c Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c f(lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c: 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50@l 75:
Dehesa clusters, $2 50- 'Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, , ■ '
NUTS-Walnuts are quotable at 9@llc a lb
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c » lb for paper-shell, job
bing lots: Almonds, S<a7V4.c 33 Ib for Languedoc
and BV2@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 5V«j
@7c for Eastern and 4i/»@si'»c for California: Hick
ory Nuts, s<a6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-. Filberts, B@9c- BrazU Nuts. 9@loc »
n>; Cocoanuts, $4 606t5% 100.
HONEY-Comb isquotableai 10@12ci» ft for
bright and Kfo.9c ■», ft, for lower grades: water
white extracted, s<asiAc * lb; light amber ex
tracted. / i@43,icTdark amber. 4c; dark, 2@3c.
BEESWAX-26@27y 2c2 c * lb.
PROVISIONS.
. CURED MEATS— Bacon. 6c $ lb for heavy, 7c
for light mealum, 9c lb for light. 10c for extra
light and 12c 'ft lb for sugar-cured Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, ll%c; California Hams. 10c ¥> tt>;
Mess Beef, 98 > bbl; extra mess do, $8 50; fam
ily do, 810: extra prime Fork. $9 * bbl; extra
clear, *1 4 f) bbl: mess, $13 fl bbl; Smoked Beef,
IOC & ID.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V4C "¥ Ib
for compound and 63/ic for pure: palls, 7y2C: Cali
fornia tierces, 6iAc for compound and b»Ac for
pure; halt-bbls, 7c; 10-tt> tins, 7Vs c : d 0 °"' ' *°
V lb. -- , ■• .
COTTOLENE— 6S4c In tierces and 7%c V tt) in
10-tt) tins. . ■ - ,
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers are
quotable at 6V 2 @7c $ lb; culls and brands, S V,
@6c Ib; medium. siy^@6c; culls and brands, iYz
@sc; light, 6c; calls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 6c
t* lb; culls and brands, 4c; salted Kip, 4c "$ 6;
salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal, sc: dry Hides, 9
®10c; culls and brands, 7%c: dry Kip and Veal,
7@Bc; etuis, s@6c; dry Calf* 15c; culls, 10c; Goat
skins. 20&35 c each; Kids, sc: Deerskins, good
summer, medium, ls@2sc; winter, 9@loc;
feheepsklns, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
20@35ceach: medium, 40@50c each; long wools,
65c each. Culls of all kinds about V;C less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered, 31 4 @3V,c; No. 2, 3c:
refined, Si/aSSs^c: Grease. 2 Vie V tb.
WOOL- We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c : San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4®6c $ Ib;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@Bc; San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4W36i'3C, v
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2@4c * lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags, spot, $4 10®
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 25; San Quentln,
$4 20: Wool Bags, 24J£@28y 2 C
COAL— Wellington, $8 «i ton; New Wellington,
$8 fi ton; Soutnfleld Wellington, $7 50 ¥ ton;
Seattle. $5@5 60; Bryant, *5 50; Coos Bay, $4 50;
Wallsend, $6 60; Scotch, $7 50: Brymbo $7 60:
Cumberland, 913 60 in bulk and $15 in Bks;
Pennsylvania' Anthracite Egg, 13; Welsh An
thracite Egg, ; Cannel, $8: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley. $7 60; Coke,
CIO 50 In bulk and $12 50 IS ton in sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sus?ar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all GVac: Dry Granulated, u%c;
Confectloneis' A, 53,1 a; Magnolia A, s>/4c: Extra
C, 6V a c; Golden C, 6c: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vac more.
SYKUP— Golden, In bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
*gal. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rales for 'dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows
BEEF— First quality, 6<a,sy*c: second do, 4 Vi@
4S A c; third do, 3>^@4c Tgi lb.
VEAL— Lance, s|&6c; small. C@7c 9 Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6<£6%c: Ewes. 4i2@sc i
V 1b-
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@B>&c V lb.
PORK- Live Hogs, IT#iM.4i V lb for largo and
2 3 /ic for small and medium: dressed do, 4Vaftjs ! !ic
* 6>.
RKCKIPTS OF PRODUCE.
roR 24 hours.
floor, or. rts -'5. 150 Butter, ctls 278
Wheat, etu 20,320 Cheese, ctls. 16
Barley. ells 9.90 M Ere*, dor. 11,970
Oats, Ur, ctls 1.1 15 Hides, do 283
Beans, ska. 389 Pelt*. Ddu... ...... 138
Corn, ctls 2.685 Woo.. bl» L' 44
Potatoes, ■£•.. . S9i L^n- her. r0115. .. 10
Onions, sks 15W eals 61,700
OKden 221;L:me. bbls .« 441
Br*n, «k(. „ l.ailTailow. ctls TJ
Middlings, 1k5,.... 2O' Raisins, bxs €00
Bay, tons. 449 Paper, reams 2,000
Straw, tons 42'
THE STOCK MARKET.
Business in Comstock shares was lively again
yesterday, and prices showed general disturbance.
Chollar continued the leader, opening at 93 cents
and selling up to 99 cents on the noon Informal
session. These figures were below those of Satur
day. Potosi was also weaker at M#4l ceuta.
There was a disposition to slaughter (accidental,
which ran from $i 25 down to $ 1 10, under free
selling. Nortbend stocks were higher. Con. Cal. &
Va. touching $1 95 and Ophir $1 36. Fluctuations
in the other stocks were less marked,
The close was weaker all around, as will be seen
by the quotations.
Overman is assessed 10 cents and Alta 10 cents.
The monthly statements axe as follows:
Cash on hand—
Alta •«'-•. (ionld A Curry. ..$ 13,
Andes. 11.268 Julia 807
Alpha 1,405 Lady Wash 371
Bodie 13,382 Mono.. 1,048
Belcher. 12,544 Mexican 3.599
Buiwer 862 Murom •> on-*
Best A Belcher. . 3,743 Ophir ..;.. 16 967
Chollar. 13.378 Overman 2,887
Church.; 13,080 Potosi 3 044
•Con. Cal. Va.. 32.633 silver Hi 11..... . 463
Challenge 2.488 Se«c. Belcher..... 5,828
Con. Imperial.... 1.822 .Sierra Nevada... 15 286
Confidence 4,208 Syndicate «ho
Caledonia 5,3'<:8 standard 18,43!)
Con. New York.. 1,179 Summit... 6»i
Crown Point 1,221 Utah.............. 379
Exchequer 3,070 i Union 13.485
*$15,446, the assay value of unsold bullion 00
hand, with shipments .to arrive, amount un
known. !.;,
The following raining companies report an in
debtedness May 1 : ' .
Kentuck C0n.... $713|SI!verKlng...... *ies
Occidental........ 35: Savage- ....... 154
The weekly repms from the Com stocks are as
follows:
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000 level, west cross
cut 1 from the south drift. 350 feet south of the
shaft station or 70 feet north of the south boundary
line, Is In 210 f-ft. The formation is porphyry,
with seams cf clay and quartz. . The west crosscut
from the north dr.f; on the 1000 level, 230 feet
fOlf 01 . 1111 of lhp south boundary of the Mexican mine,
is In 309 feet. Porphyry and clay are in the face
In the openings above the sill floor of the old
Central tunnel wordings of the <>pMr, in the north
western part of 'he mine, they continue to :ollo\v
small streaks of ore, and extracted therefrom
during the week 16 tons of ore assaying $83 90
per ton. ''■:!■,
Cos. Cat,. A -1650 level— Have been nuk
ing necessary repairs in the* south drift on trie
ninth floor, the first floor above the sill floor of
this level. The east crosscut from this south
drift, at a point 60 feet. nor:h from an east line
from -the Consolidated Virginia shaft, and con
nected with the stope work on the sixteenth
Boor from the 1750 level forms an important con
vection for mine ventilation ami aids in th» re
moval of ore from this par* of the mine. 1750
level — I rom the, fourteenth to the twentieth
noors at the nortn end of the slopes In old ground
of former workings, and from the nor. vest drift
upraise on the ea*t side of the ledge, have ex
tracted .luring the week 150 tons of ore. the aver
age assay value of which per samples taken from
the cars In the mlue was *63 21 per ton. In work
ing 10 the southwest from the above mentioned up
raise on the ninth, tenth anl eleventh floors (above
the sill floor) they have followed a streak of ore
yJSZ\ '" width, assaying from $20 to *-5 per ton.
IbOO level— work lias been done on this level
during the week, although work will be resumed
there in a short time. 1000 level— West crosscut
2, started at a point In the -north drift 660 feet
north from the Consolidated Virginia shaft station,
has been advanced 28 fee:; total length 237 feet,
passing through bard porphyry and clay seams,
Ihe total extraction of ore for the week amounted
to 150 tons, the average assay value of which, per
samples taken from the cars when raised to the
surface, was $62 65 per ton. Have shipped to the
Morgan mill 285 tons and .1710 pounds of ore, as
saying, per railroad-car samples, $43 62 a ton.
I be average assay valu» . per battery samples of
all ore worked at that mill during the week— 46o
tons and 200 pounds— was $40 60 a ton. Bullion
shipped to the office In San Francisco, assay value.
$15,446 15.
In the Union Consolidated mine the north drift
from the upraise from the joint west drift, 150
feet above the sill floor of the 900 level and 1620
feet west from the shaft, has been extended during
the week 10 feet: total length 212 feet; face in
quartz and porphyry. This drift hits been stopped.
iney have commenced an east crosscut 200 feet
north from the upraise and advanced the same 12
feet, drifting , through 10 feet . of quartz; face is
now in porphyry. East crosscut .6, : which
was started from the sierra Nevada north lateral
drift at a point 50 feet north from east cross
cut 6 on this level has been- advanced 20 feet
during the week: total : length 38 feet; face in
qnartz.
In the Layton tunnel workings of the sierra Ne
vpda mine the west crosscut recently started is ■In
I* s feet and catting porphyry and seams of quartz
with a strong flow of water. ' - , . :
In the Half <£ Norcross 1 mine no change Is re
ported in thr condition of the slopes above the 975
level. They extracted from the various open
during the week IB carloads -of ore, a saying per
car samples 824 33 gold and 23.87 ounces of silver
per ton. • Shipped to Dazec mill during the week
9 1 tons and 1400 pounds of ore, being, the final
shipment of the accumulation in the 1 bins .on
-March 14. Wagon samples assayed. $26 42 gold
and 28.66 ounces silver per ton. Forwarded to San
rancisoo office April -, 27 75^ pounds crude bul
lion, valued by an assay at 82118.
i Brunswick Lodk-Tbo . following official - re-
I port of Superintendent Kerwin of the Brunswick
j Exploration Company pivea the particulars of the
recent strike of ore on the aOO-foot level ofsbatt
No. 1 and at other points in the Brunswick 10l :
"Shaft I— This shaft lias been sunk 11 feet on
the incline, passing through porphyry and quarcz:
! total depth 425 feet. 200 level— The north drift
i started from the station (Hale & Norcross) has
: been advanced 16 feet: total length 167 feet: face
j in porphyry and quanz which assays about $16 a
' ton. The south drift, which was started trom
! the end of east crosscut 1, has been ex
tended 16 feet: total leugth 188 feet. At a
point 6 feet from the face ore was encountered
I shuvvinu a width of 2Vs feet and assayinc $75 a
ton. The face now shows 3 feet of ore of an aver
age value of $53 75, gold predominating. Shaft
2— The north drift, started at a point in west cross
-1 cut 1 25 feet from the south drift, was extended '20
I feet, passing through porphyry; total leugth 29
j feet. Gould & Curry Company's; tunnel— The
main north drift has been extended 14 feet, total
' leugth 722 feet; face in porphyry. At a point in
! this drift 700 feet from the mouth we ran a west
j crosscut for a distance of 12 feet to the footwall,
I cutting through n body of quartz 21/3 feet wide of
an assay value of $6 per ton."
Occidental — Edwards shaft — They have
squared up and timbered the shaft for a distance
of 76 feet. 660 level— Have done no work in the
soutneast drift from northwest crosscut during the
week. West crosscut 2 which wm started 20 feet
I south of the winze station is now in 171 feet aud
the formation Is shelly porphyry; extended during
the week 46 feet. 760 level— West crosscut 1
from north arift on tnis level has been extended
22 fact) total length 407 feet. The crosscut has
reached the footwall of the vein at a point 50 feet
north of the ore body found on the 600 level and
they have started to 'drift south along the footwall
jin fair grade ore. They are also drifting north
along the hanging wall in the ore nrst encountered
by the crosscut.
BOAKD SALES.
Following were the sales iv the San Fimnotso*
Btocic Eoard yesterday:
Rjy.t'i.Aß mobni.no skssiov rovfUKNfisa 9:30.
200 Alnha 15<400 Chollar. . .92 700 0nh1r.. .1.30
100 Andes SOiIOO CC<kV..l.7s 50 1.26
100 291100 1.80200 Potosl ....39
:SOO Belcner...6l> 100 Conn 86 1100 37
600..'. 51500 CrwnPt.. sß 3oo 36
800 B & U 6DIOO 57 600 Savage 31
400 58|100 661000 30
600 69.W00 Exchqr.. os 400 5eg8e1....16
900 Bodie Ml l'.'OO G <fc C....61 200 17
600 Bullion.. 18)700 60 100 3 Nev. ...82
350 8u1\ver....301200 H&N .. .1.20 100 64
200 31 500 Kentuck..O4 550 65
700 Caleda....lß 600 Mexican.. 3o,7oo Union 58
200 Cha11ge.. .39 100 Mono I.M-00 Utah 11
2-JOO Ch011ar. .93 700 Occdtl.. 1.20*800 V Jackt...3s
600 9500(J 1.26J400 36
600 90
AFTEBNOON SKBBIOSJ— 2: 30.
300 Alpha 13100 G<& C 62,500 Occldtl..l. 16
100 Andes 32 300 63 1000 0phir..1.36
100 31 500 H&N ...1.2b.i2U0 0vrmn.. ..13
200 B &8.... 66 100 Julia. 1511100 P0t051.. .41
300 Bullion... 18 600 Justice. ...06200 Savage.. ..33
100 i haling... 39 100 07 1000 Seg 8e1.. 16
900 Chollar ....96 400 K>ntuck..o4^'OO Uni0n. ..66
400 97400 Mexican.. 39 3oo Utaii 15
400CC*V...J.90|450 50 200 V Jackt...39
100 1.95.800 N G& C..14 350 ..40
600 C P0int... 69
following wen tne sales in the . Pad flo StooK
Lotrd j fciterday ; ::':-.if£-'s.
. ' ■ KEfIfUU SESSION— IO:3I*.
1200 A1pha.. .141400 CC&V...1.8011700 0c01d..1.25
600 Alt* 08600 1.82V&U0O I.H2Va
900 Ande5. ...33 500 l.J*;>l2100 1.20
1000 Belcher.. 6o 300 :..lT' B lzoO 1.15
200 51 260 1.921*200 1V 8
400 531200 Coiitl.. 801200 1.10
300 ......64 00000 1mp. ..02 200 0ph1r1.22y 3
2000 ...... 56300 CrwnPt_.67 2700 1.25
1600 8A8... .65300 ....5f?300 1.30
2500 57 200 .....59 200... 1.35
500 .....58400 60 400 Ovrmn.... 13
600 : -59 1000 Exchqr..Us 400 12
800 60 1300 O A C...45 2000 Potosi...3H
900 61[800 462100 ...39
ISOO 1000 .47 1800 .40
600 65500 48700 ....41
1000 80dte... .511300 -..49 100 "Savage. ...29
300 '..:.. ....... 6OJBOO ...........60 1800 30
200 8u11i0n.... 17 300 61 300 .....31
90U.... 1 . 18300 ..„.. 54.500 32
500.;..» .19 1000 :.:.:56 400 ...........33
400 8u1wer... 33300 ....6U 100 ....; 35
1100 .......... 301400 ...........0) 1000 Scorplono4
1000 Caleda...;3 300 ;... 62 100 58AM...18
600 Challn«r...3H'lsOO 6c 900 •* Nev... BO
800 Chollar... ......64 700 ... 63
1500 .V. ..87 1200H&N..1.1&400 ......: 64
1700 ....... ...8-5 500 1.17V40U 65
1500 83400 _.1.2t" 1000 Mil Hill. .<)•..'
1000 ......... '.00)200 1.22Vi"200 Union C..51 i
700 ..; 92)1000 1.2511000 62
1200 93400 Ju1ia..... .12J600 ...,&3
1000 94%00 Justice.. ..o6 SOU ......64
900 96300 KentUCk.,o6 400 66
1800 962000 Mexican 33 2oo Utah..... .11
500 ;.,:. 97400 35 600 12
150 99 1200 36)000. ...... ...13
800 CCA V...I. Mono 15 ! 300 YJacKoi.,39
t)0Q..,.^....-13 / i! « ; :;
■ ,\f .':'■ AFTKRVOON SESSION— 2
600 Aloha 14600 {.'hollar .. . 90; 200 0cc<3..1.17 >/»
400 Alta... 08 400 CCS V.; 1.90|400 U/8
600 Andes... 32 200 1.85 300 1.10
900 Bele&er.. .54 300 Conn 83*200 0ph1r....1.35
POO Bdt B 64 2000 Con r m.. 02 400 ...... 1.321,
600 ....... .....66.U00 C P0int.. .58'300 .......1.30
400 /.;;: 611500.. ....... 67 300 0vrmn.. ..12
100 Bodie 51 700 0 AC 601900 P0t0w....59
400 .1;;.. ..... 6011800 .....68 700 3'
400 8u11i0n.. .18600 ...:67 300 ....:..... 40
400 Ku1wer....29 350 HAN 1.25 1200 Savage.. 33
800 Cal«d 1J»,BOO Justice. ...07 300 34
300 ChaliDKe..3h3oo Mexican. .4-MOO is Nev 63
600 Chullar ...95 1700 ......... .38 300 Union ....64
300 ',-.;.;_.:. .94 600 87 40l» V Jac««i..3B
800 .:. 91 200 M0n0..... 13*00 39
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
V : " " • ' MONDAY, May 4-4 a. m.
"• Sill. Alk it \ •■ Bl<UAtk4i.
Alpha Con 13 14 Jack50n........ 40 —
*!••....... 06 07 Julia.. ........ 15 16
And**.-... ...... 31 »<: Jnstica. ....^.. 06 07
Belcher 60 62 KrntncK. ...._.— 04
Best * Belches. 61 62 Lady Wash.... — U5
80d!*.... ;..._. 54 66 Mexican... .._ 36 38
Bullion _. 17 18 J...... — 14
Bnli*ar «. 27 30 Nevada Quaoa. — U6
Caledonia...... 13 14 Occidental 1.10 1.16
CboUar.. 92 93 0phir...'.....^ 1.25 1.30
Challenge Cori. 38 39 Uvermaa .... ra 12 13
Con. CaLAVa. 1.85 1.90 Potosv « 37 38
lmnenai. 01 02 &av»*e.. ...... 32 34
Confidence.... 82 — : beg. Belcher... 15 16
lon.NewYort — 04 Sierra Nevada. 65 67
Crown Point... 56 57 Scorpion 02 '.'• -'• —
UasUSitrraNev — CM Silver U111..... 01 .02
Exchequer..... — 07 Syndicate. 02 03
EnrekaCon.... — 25 Union (J0n..... 63 65
Uouid A Curry. 57 59 Utah...; 14 15
UtacJt. Korcrs.l. ls 1.20 Yellow JaOKsfc 36 37
GOLD MINING KXCIIANGK.
1000 Amalfe 165 300 Lockwood Con.. 34
1000..' ; 170700..: • 35
1400 175 1900 36
Champion -1 00 Savannah 40
8fd...... 20 001200. .-;.... .:.....■.... 41
Asked 30 00 IJOO ...:............ 42
2000 Grant. 26.200 „ 43
900........ 24100 SebastopoL ■ 62
900 ...:.,......: 261700 ....:.. :.:...:.... 63
• Kennedy |400 ..:.;..•........... 64
8id.... 110011700;;....;.;.;..... 65
Asked 13 00100 58
•'■ Keystone, I '
Bid 6500' ; .
•'.'/■'■!) LOCAL SECURITIES.
Bid 50 San Francisco Gas. '.'...'..... 92 00
Bid 50 Spring Valley Water........ 100 60
Bid 2 .Humboldt Bank 1100 00
8W.50 Market-street R.R. ...:... 45 60
STOCK AND BOND ", EXCHANGE. .
'. : ss ' ■;' •'.'•' MONDAY, May 4 -i! p. M. "
■'.'■■:. tsintD «mri3 Bn.vut ..
• w'/V Silt. Atked. - ! . .: •'. Bit. Asfced.
CH 4s «»np.. 108-4 — ÜBu ret •• lOfVs lo^
Do, new is. 8 — ' T . 
' '«.'■ .1 MIHCKLIiANKOU* BOVDV .
Csl-st.Cble.Ss. — 113 :Do. 2d fss Bs. — —
CalElecl>6s. — 12aJ/a' p AO Ky65.105 120
CntraCWSs. 95 97V*s P«fcCh By 9s. - 1071',
Dpnt»st 77 »5 !Pwl-st.RR6*. - . 116 Vi
Kdsni,AP6s.l'Jo — Reno. WLAL - 105
F«tCH RR6s. 105 — RiverW Co6j ' — 100
Gearr-fltKSj. 101 — iFactoP*!,.. - lOJVs
LoiAn*t,6s. ■■.— 103 £>'ANPHKSsIOJ 10." 2
Do.Gnt*d.6s. - 103 >PKKArlr.di 95 »7
JMkt-«Cbte6*l23 - 'fcPRRCaIBs.. 108^111
lK>KyConss..loß 10<Jl4:tSPiUtCalM_ — — *
, KeTCN R7s. 95 105 ißi'Brl'.Cald* 98% 99%
l N PCKR6S.IO4 — KVWaterds... - . 119%
NRy Cai 6s. 102 105 SVWater4s._ — 99Va
WRyCai6s. — - stklnt;.V.Ktii — 101
O«,lf Gas 65.. 100 104^3|6unstTATt».i.l00 —
80. lid las ss. 10 3 - - tiutter-atKSs. 107% — •
Omnibus 65.. H9l/4120 ViaaliaWUd* — »i •
PacliolLU6», - —
1 %«*/'.' /• i WAT--R STOCK*.
Centra. Costa 37 40 1 San Jose 76 100
MarinVo.... - si%|SpringVaUey 99%100
• s i- '''.'■*• '•Ah f riu'Ki. ' :-:'■
CapjtaL: — 40 1 Pacific Light. 463,4 —
Central 95 _ banj-rancsoo 92%
Oak OLA a. 628,; 53 Biocktoo, .... — ai%
PacUasXmp. 85 87 | ,
*"*■'.' ' ',' INSUKAKCK
riremansFd.l7o — |Sun/.......... 41 _
\ -\ ' .' COMMERCIAL BANK IITOCICV
AniPrBATG. — . — ■ ilxmdonPAA.l2B ISO
ABglo-Cal... 61 59 LondoniSf. — 27%
BankofCal..a39% — Merch fix-., la —
CaIHDATCa. 64 56 I Nevada...... — — 4
, l'lrßtNa«ionLl7B 182% 1 bather li'cou — — '■
O ranters — — 1
'.»-. 'J,v . A VINOS BANK BTOCKI.
Perß<ftl.Co..l4is — iSavALoaa.. — . 101
HnmbS&li.llOO 1450 Security. - — 260,
Mutual :.;... 57% 40 Onion Trust — : 810
fclssav Union — 485' | .
ti.'Vl - 1 STREET KAILSOAD • .
California.... — 110 |Oalr.BL&H*r - 100
V*» r 60 7'% l-residio 734 _
Marltet«.._ 46V* 40%,Sutter-5u..... - —
■-'/■',; PU«I.h.K "STO.K 1. , .
Atlantic D... 18 — ' iJndson. . — -> '.
KaiUrnD... 80 90 01ant.....*.V.1 2414 '243,1
Calif 0ra1*.... 90 - 'vigonu. 86c 1
iV< :J '£. _r mwiciu.Vi.ous *TnnK%. ; r
Alaiilca Plrrs. 95^4 — OceanlcSSCa . 28 ■; 30
BlfcDCoalCo. .-. *10 PacA.ixFA.. 1 _ : .
C*JCotMUIB.. - - Pao Borax... 98 100 '
CalDrrDoofc — _ PaoIANCa — 80
EdlaonUght.ll6i4lltJ34 PacEoU MUI — . - .
(.MConAMi — \ — Part PalntCo. 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTransCa - 34
HawCASOo.. lpi/ 4 20 . i Pac T A TOO 65 :70 ; !
HutchSPCa. 28% 23»4'tiunsetTJt'iV. 41 —v.
JpdsonMfga .— ; . — ' jUtUwdUC*. — 25
AssulOO . 110 |..y
■ .. ' •■■■'•■' BALKS— XOKM.Va HXHSIOV. -
Board— ;- • ■ ■
10 Edison Light A Power C 0.:.......... 116 37%
HOGiaut Powder C0n.................;.. 24 60
r SO -'iAo. do " .........;; . . 24 S7i/<>
l2sHatchlnsooSPCo 1 .....-....;!11."'. 23 6ai|
280 8 F Gaslight . 92 60
:■.-•. 5 V Water ;........'.;.. ...•...■..1.'100 00
; : *i Street— ,•. ■ . ; ■ •'■.-—'
: 60 Alaska Packers' Association 95 25
, SALES— AFTEBNOOX SXSSIOV
Board—
10 Edison Light A Power Co • 1 1 « «n
70 Hutchlnson S P Co ." ■" Jo «",,
100 do .do :; sawn*
50 Market-si Railway ,% .',?
10 do do :.-..;.". ; .'."■"• 48 37V,
100 S F Gaslight.. %?, iL?*
150 do do .; 9" 60^"
»6000 s F A N P Railway Bonds.'."."."*' 102 °5
•Street— '"""* " ~
250 S F Gaslight...... _ 92 ,q
A Spring-Gnn C ame ra.
A trap, not to catch wild animals, but
to catch pictures of them, is the latest
novelty in photoeraphic apparatus
George Shiras, a son of Justice Shir&a nf
the United States Supreme Court £ the
inventor of this idea.
Mr. Shiras is an ardent lover of
nature. He makes trips into the bie—ime
country of the west. But on such occa
sions his weapon is the camera, not the
rifle.
The invention which Mr. Shiras has
patented is at once very simple and inge
nious.
The camera is set by one of the paths
through the woods made by bear elk and
deer going to the watercourses before day
break, and again in the evening.
A string is stretched across the path and
fastened to the trap. When the animal
strikes it the camera is uncovered, and the
spring shutter discharged, giving an in
stantaneous exposure of the plate.'
At the same moment a flashlight car
tridge explodes, and the mirror which is
fixed in the under side of the trap throws
the glare of light upon the astonished ani
mal. — Chicago Inter Ocean.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
Su. MO.|TU. W.
3 4 5 6
10 11 12 13
17 18 19 20
24 25 26 27
11
_ _ fa. Moon-a Phases.
1-2 .' ' ~
I (7^ Last Quarter.
777- **Z±
14 16 16 c * t "l?g > %.
21 22 23 | /-*J\First Quarter
1 May 19.
28 29 i 30 "
(v\ Full Moon.
*«/ May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
HTKAMKR. j DESTINATION. [
HAILS.
I PIKR.
P0m0na..... { rtumboldtlS*; i May 6. 'iru Pier 9
EanlaKo**. Ban Dlearo May 5.11 am Tier 11
City Peking. China Japan May 5. 3pm ; M 8 S
Orizaba. > Mexic0........ May 5.10 am i Pier 11
Araco ...... Coos Bar May 6.10 am I'ier 1■»
Weeoct Eel River May 6. i)*M Pier 13
ABlanctiart! Oregon ports.. May 6. 6pm Pier 13
c: 1'aai...... NewßOrt .. May 7. 9am Pier II
faralion \ aaulna Bay.. .May 7, 9am Pier 2 '
Columbia... Portland May B,loam Pier 24
Colon Panama May 8.1*2 m M S S
Corona ben Diearo. May o.llam ! Pier 11
Walla Walla : Vie * Pgt Snd : May 9. 9am Pier 9
Coos 8ay.... Mexico j May 10,10 am! Pier 11
Knraka Newoort ...... May 11, Cam Pier 11
Del None .. Grays Haroor. Mayll. ■
Doric... CtilnaAJapan. Mavl'2. 3pm . P M. S S
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
Queen [Portland May 5
Trackee Ttllamoolc May 6
Colombia. Panama May 5
iHPaul Newport. May 5
Walla Wa11a.... Victoria & Pugec »ouna ..May 5
Farallon Yaaulna Bar May 5
Crescent Cur. .. Crescent City- May 6
North tors H nm bold t Bay May 6
Coos Bay Mexico May 6
Corona San Diego. May 7
Monowal ;Sydney May 7
MacKlnaw liroma May 7
Pomona. Knmboidt Bar May 8
KureKa Newport  May 9
Del None iGraysUaroor May 9
BtateofCal t'oriiand May 10
Cmatllla Victoria A Puzec Soana ..May 10
Sunol Grays Haroor May \0
Weeott. Eel River May 10
EantaKoaa. t*»n Dieeo.. May 11
Anuro Coos Bay ..May 11
Empire 'Portland ..May 14
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. 8. Coast and Geodbtio SrrßvieY Trn»>
Btn,LKTiif Published by Official V
AUTHORITY OF THE SUPEKINTKNDEXT. J
Tuesday May 5.
Sunrises 6.07: Moon rises 1.34 am
Sun sets 7.06 1 Moon sets
ay—
§ ™ Feet Feetll^£|Kwt| Tlnie Feat
X L W H W L W U~W
6
6
7
h
9
0
1
0.65
2.00
2.46
3.18
3.49
4.21
I 4.551
S.oi 6.11 i 4.3[12/.'B
2.6, 7.V4 4.3| l-20|
2.0 1 8.82 1 4.1 2.04!
1.5 9.28 4.0 2.40
1.2 10.20 4.0| 3.10
0.7 11.08 S.9j 3.44,
0.3i11.57 3.7 4.14
0.0! 7.52 1 4.3
0.4' 824 4.5
o.B| 8.51 4.7
I.o' ».15 4.7
1.3 9.36 4.9
1.6 9.68 6.1
I.X 10.22 5.3
Kotk— ln the above exposition of the tides the
•arly morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column Rives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are bnt three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtract! vo
from the depth given br the charts
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN.
Branch Htoboorafsio Officb, XT. a. N. ■ •»
Merchants' EXCHANOK. ' V
San Francisco. May 4. 189& )
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m.. Greenwich tlma.
. ... A. F. Fkchtklkb,
Lieutenant U. S. N., in charts.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENSE
Arrived.
MONDAY, May 4.
I" S stmr Philadelphia, Cotton, 6 days from San
Diego.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 4 days from
Departure Bay; 2400 tons coal, to R Dunsmulr A
Sons.
Stmr Pomona, Doran, 17Vfe hours from Eureka;
pass and mdse, to Goodall, Perkins A Co.
simrGeo Loomls. Bridgett, — hours from Ven
tura: oil, to Union Oil Co. Up river direct.
Stmr Arago. Reed. 50 hours from Coos Bay ; pass
and mdse. 10 Oregon Coal and Nay Co.
Stmr Willamette, Cushman, 4 days from De
parture Bay: 2601 tons coal, to Oregon Imp Co.
Ur ship Drumburton, Spurring, 155 days from
South Shields, via London 125 days; mdsc, to
Balfour, Guthrie A Co.
Brship Achnashie, Pasifull. 134 days from Liv
erpool ; mdse, to Balfour, Guthrie A Co.
Scnr John G North, Rasmussen, 17 days from
Honolpu; sugar, to Williams, Dimond A Co.
Schr Mary Bnhne. R&mselius. 4 days from
Eureka: 211 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson.
Schr Arthur I, Krog, 30 hours from Iversens
Landing; wood, bark and posts, to N Iversen.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, 35 hours from Albion;
lumber, to J S Kimbnll.
schr Antelope. Anderson, 9 days from Coquille
River; lumber, to F W Kronenberg.
Cleared.
MONDAY, May 4.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diego; Good
all, Perkins & Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, May 4.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr Arcata. Cousins. Eureka and Fortland.
Schr Nettle Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Scnr Etta B, Madsen, Fort Ross.
Charters.
The schr Beulah loads lumber at Port Blakeley
for Guaymas: Br ship Glenaloon, lumber at Port
Blakeley for Callao and Iquique, 365.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 4-10 p. M.— Weather
cloudy ; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
Domestic Ports.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 4— Bktn
Gleaner, hence Apr 26.
Sailed May 4— Schr Beulah, for Gnaymas.
Si EN DOC I NO— Bailed May 4-Schr Bobolink,
for Sau Francisco. ' ■ ■ _
. AVBaTPOKT- May 4— Stmr Protection,
for Needle Point. ' • ■■ '-' -'■■_,
PORT GAMBLE— Sailed May 4— Bark Fresno,
for Honolulu. •
Arrived May 4— Schr Bangor, from San Pedro.
NEWPORT— Arrived May 3— Stmr Caspar, frm
F HARBOR-SaUed May 4-=chr O M Kel
logg, for San Francisco; schrs Annie Gee and Orion
for San Francisco. „_' -
Arrived Ma 4— Schr Webfoot, hence Apr 28;
schr Cbas Hanson, hence Apr 25. • .
FORT ROSS-Salled May 4-Schr Ralph J Long
for San Francisco. -- .
STEWARTS POINT-Arrived May 4-Schr
Archie and Fontie, hence May 2. ■ ■ : •
Arrived May 4— Ship John C Potter, from Santa
Rosalia; «cur American Girl, hence Apr 16. _
TACOMA— Arrived May 4— Bark Tidal Wave,
from San Pedro. ' , , ' .
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 3-Stmr Jewel, frm .
Caspar.
REDONDO-Arrived May 4-Schr Pioneer, frm
Seattle.
. PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived May 4— Schr Ex
celsior, from Santa Barbara; schr Alcalde, hence
Aor24.
Sailed May 24— Schr Reporter, for Newport.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed May 4— Nor stmr
Peter Jensen; for Nanaimo. ; - j;
• POINT ARENA— Am veil May 4— Schr Corin
thian, from Hearns Landing.
CASPAR— Arrived May 4-Scur Maxim, hence
May 3.»HMfclllrMWumil fiLjtiSa^i*^'
IVERSENS LANDING-Arrived May 4— Schr
Ocean spray. - .. •- -- .-.
GREENWOOD— BaIIed May 4— Stmr Alcazar,
for San Francisco.* ■■-.-. • -
•SEATTLE— SaiIed May 4-Stmr Lakme, for
Tacoma.
Arrived May 4— Bark Emma F Herriman, hence
Aprs.
Foreign Port*.
SYDNEY— Arrived Mar 17— Ship Bohemia, hnc
Jan 29.
ISLE OF WIGHT-Passed May I— Ger ship
Ariadne, from Hamburg, for Santa Rosalia.
LIZARD-Passed May 2— Br ship Belford, from
Hull, forsmi (thiicisco.
STOCKTON- Arrived Apr 30-Ger ship Ferdi
nand Fischer, from Portland.
PANAMA— SaiIed May 2— Stmr San Bias, for
San i-'rancisco.
SHANGHAI— Arrived May 2-SchrKsng Cyrus,
from Moodyvllle. Apr 30— Bark \lex McNeil,
from Tacoma.
KAIIILUI— Arrived Apr 17— Schr Eva, from
Acajutla.
MoTemeiit» of Tran<i- \tlantic Ste«'nnn.
XKW YORK— Arrived May 4-Stmr Werken
dam, from Rotterdam; stmr Peninsular from Lis
bon.
ABTWIBP- Arrived out May 2— Stmr Stale of
>ebraska.
f?ii ed ,. May 2 -* t'riesland. from Antwerp.
LIZARD-Paased May 4— Stmr Veendam, from
New \ork, lor Rotterdam.
Importations.
COOSBAY-Per Arago-750 tons coal, 2 sks
coin. 5 pkgs express. 399 sks potatoe3,3pkgs mdse,
1 bx tobacco, 2 pcs maple and myrtle lumber. 15
cs cheese. 21 bxg Duiter, 5 bdls hides,
co k REXA ~ P *' r Pomona- 100 M shanes. 22 kegs
69 bxs butter, 20 cs dry goods. 8 rolls leather. 1 os
salt beef. 4 bxs plates. 1 cs liquors, 1 bx castings,
«•> sks potatoes. 2 sks dried fruit, 1 bx banana.
104 I'kcsmdse. 1 hx hardware. 3 bbls mineral
«»ler, $ i)k ss curios, Ics clams. 1 cs wine, 1 rel!
oeitiriL', lsk coffe.-. 1 cs furnishing Boods, 1 our
rods. 1 Iron stunil, 18 M ft lumber. 684 M shingles?
ocs .i crts telegraph material, 15 pegs express, 1
sk coin, 1 cs hides.
iields Landins— l43 bxs butter, 1 cs hardwar»
1 cs lanterns, 504 sks oats, 27 doors.
Consignees.
Per Araso-Hllmer.Bredhoff ASchulz; Union
Brewery: Thomas Loushran : Wells. Fargo A Co-.
"l * <-?; McDonough <fc Runyon ; Pacific Trans
son t ' aU3s; Erlanger Galinger; J P Wll
| Per Pomona- J Van Castle; N Kalisher &Co:
overland Freight and Transfer Co; Sunset Tele-
Phone and Telegraph Co: Pabst Brewery: McKay
V ,v ' W - B , Sumner * Co: Wellman, Peck & Co: A
xvZ'r . ells « Fargo Jt Co; United States Brewery;
Part, eden £ Co: ACNicnolsACo: Armmir
Am« d Co; A Crocker &Bros; Arctic Oil Works:
tJ^ J?^ S!IAMn: Carroll <fe Carroll: H Dutard: H
Vein* ix o: Danha n>, Carrlgan & Co; Crane & Co:
* eiling, Creasy it Co; . Dodge, Sweeney A Co: CUy
Brewery; A Reich: Chas Bach: Enterprise
Brewery: Garcia & Mairuini: E T Pierre; Humholdt
v p v, Water Co: Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson; H
MBurkley;.; Kramer: Haas Bros: Italian-Swiss
Agricultural Colony; Hibernla Brewery; G H Tay
Hanif^V- v r w. lt<0; Brigham.HoppeACo: .! H
Manif>, (. £ Whitney A Co; Wolf* Son; Pacific
1^ LJJ?, bei V and Mill Co; JA FolgerACo; JJ
Loggle A Co: H J Davis; Kills Bros; J de la Mon
tanya: VV heaton. Breon A Co. •;. .
OCEAJf STEAMSHIPS.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
TO .
VICTORIA, B. C, and '
PUGET SOUND.
First Class &0.00
Second Class S3 OO
Meals and berth Included. .
Ticket Office — 4 flew Montgomery Street
GOODALL, PEBKINS* CO.,
__^ Oeueral Agents. .
ASTOBLA AffPORHAk
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
State ox California sails .May 3 and 1!
Columbia sails May 8 and 11
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. K.
eOODAXL, PERKINS A CO, Genl. Snpts. $
i". If. tONNOR, General Agent.
J - 680 Market stfat.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COIPOI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM J*±A
p Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as •£&a3f
follows: '•"
,. For Mary Island, Lortn*. WrangeL Jnneau. Kl'l-
llanoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at U \. v., Jday 14,
29, June H, IS, 18, 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and New
VVhatcom (BeUlngham Bay, WaHh.). 9 a. m.
May 4. 9. 14, 19, 24. -.'». and every Wo
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver 7»itb
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. B. R_
at Seattle with G. N. Ry., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landlnz (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. m., May 1. 6, 9.
13. 17. 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayuccn,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gaviota, .Santa
Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. Maj
3, 7. 11, 15, 19, 23, 27, 31 and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at • Port Harforl
(San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Lo»
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
a. m.. May 1, 5. 9. 13, 17, 21, 26, 29 and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, San Jose del Cabo, Masatlan, La
Paz. Altata and Ouaymas (Mexico), str. Orizaba,
10 a. m.. May 5 : str. Coos Bay,' 10 a. m.. May 10.
TicKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
street.
UOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Genl Agent*.
1 » - 10 Market at. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. /\ W^,Tp H
HAWAII. SAMOA, fW HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, HI ■»
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
I a S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satnr
day. May 23. at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
8. S. MONO WAI sails via HONOLULU aa<
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 28,
at 2 p. li. ■ ■■■■■■
LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Anst., and CAPBTOWS,
8. Afr. J. D. SPRECKELB <& BKUa Ca, Apt a,,
. 114 Montgomery tL.
Freight Office. 327 Market at., San Francisco. ,
COM GEM RAL TR A.VS 4 TLA.VTIOUE
French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW), 42 NORTH /m
V ' River, foot of Morton sC Travelers by 4mußNt
this line avoid both transit by English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. New Yors; to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
flrst-ciass $1 60: second-class, 91 ltL . ' - '
LA GASCOGNE, Capt. Bandelon .^; '"
May 9, 8:00 a. it
LA BRETAGNE. Capt. Rupe ...?...."...
.' May 16, i k.h
LA TOURAINE, Capt. SanteUl ......... .......
LA NORMANDlEVcapt.' DeVonc'le.,.?f..;.^. 8A " *
May Soi'i'l. U.
MS" For further particulars apply to
„„,_„ A. FORGET. Agent.
t v vnnF?i SL 3 ?*' l^ Green, New York,
avenue, la^Fr^ncfscq o - Agent ° Mont om 9 rr
WHITE STAR lISE.
United States and. Royal Mall Steamers 1
i '. ! BETWEEN .
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
SAILING EVERY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- r*nm
Ing to steamer and accommodations aS
selected: second cabin, $35 and MO; Maiewic and -
Teutonic. : Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway and Denmark
through to San Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
sailing dates and cabin plans • may be procured
from W. H. AVERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at the
General Offlce of the Company, 613 Market street
under Grand Hotel. G.W.FLETCHER.
■ • ■ ■ '' General Agent for Pacific Coast.
«g£3frn_K HAMBURG-AMERICAS USE
2§§§»£M3SgSl TWIN-SCKEW EXPKES3
Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Cherbourg, Paris <£ Hamburg.
Columbia .....May 7 I A. Victoria. ...... May 21
Normannia......May 14 | F. Bismarck.. ...May 28
I. Cabin, $95 and upward; 11. Cabin, $60 and $75.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of charge,
by special train; CHERBODKG-PARIS, 6% h. •
For passage apply to HAMBURG- AMERICAN
LINE, 37 Broadway, N. V., or to Local Agents.
ROYAL MAIL STEAM PACKET COMPASI
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINWALL O\*m
fortnightly for the West Indies and fidflEß
eouthampton. calling en route at Qerbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. »
Through bills of lading, in connection with tna
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treaa.
are to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth, .
Cbwoonrf, Southampton. First class, #195; thirl
tfSMb 997 MX F*r further particulars apply to
. PARROTT & CO., Agents.
306 California at.
, STOCKTON STEAMERS"
Leave PL^No. 3, Wa=h, neton st ,
STEA3IEHS-
T. C. Walker, Cit?o?|^toa
Telephone Main 805/
TALLEJO. MARE ISLAND, *BESICIA, PORT
COSTA AND CROCKETT.- ■■
STK. MONTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday-10:30 A. *
and 4 P. it ; Saturday, 10:30 a. m., 3:30 r. Ml
. H».«.only. &anaay - -^ ;:•„: "■;•
i Lav dine. Misaiou i. Fi«« A,SHE MAY BE A
TITLED LADY,
A Woman Whose Lot Is
Poverty Hears of a
Fortune.
NEWS FROM THE CONSUL
Her Husband Was a Member
of a Wealthy English
Family.
SEARCH FOR HIS WIDOW ENDS.
She Was Found in Oakland Struggling
Hard for a Daily and Meager
Pittance.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call.l
908 Broadway, May 4. J
It seems very likely that a hard-working
■woman of this city is a lady of title and
has never known it.
A poor widow who has for years earned
a scanty living by hard work was aston
ished a few days ago to receive a letter
from the British Consul in San Francisco
asking her to appear before him and show
proof of the death of her husband.
Mrs. Stevens crossed the bay and was
surprised to learn that she is the probable
heir to an enormous fortune which had
been left to her husband by his rich rela
tives.
Her story dates back many years, when
Henry Stevens, then just from England,
married an Oakland girl. It was known
tnat Stevens was well connected in the
old country, and it was generally supposed
that he had fled from his home, as be sel
dom spoke of his people and never com
municated with them.
Stevens and his young wife found it hard
to make both ends meet and finally both
were reduced to poverty. Five years ago
the couple lived in the Clarendon House
at Seventh and Washington streets and
thpre the Englishman contracted diph
theria which resulted in death.
His funeral is well remembered as it
terminated with the arrest of the under
taker, who buried the body without a per
mit. He was afterward released, as he
proved it wa3 necessary to break the law
owins to the intervention of a Sunday.
From that time tne widow was obliged to
depend upon her own resources ana most
of her time since she has been living in
the Aldine House on Wasnington and
Eighth streets.
After her visit to the British Consul Mrs.
Stevens placed her affairs in the hands of
an attorney, who is now acting with the
•' Consul. Letters have been sent to England
and within nve weeks the w dow expects
to hear the news that the fortune awaits
her disposal.
The exact amount Mrs. Stevens does not
know, but she believes, from wnat few re
. marks her husband made to her while he
was alive concerning nis rich relatives,
that the amount will approach seven
figures. She does not know much about
his family connections, but from her talks
with the Consul it is her belief that a title
goe3 with the fortune. She thinks that
her husband was probably a member of a
coroneted family who ran away from
home and would not return.
Attorney McFadden said to-day that he
will not be prepared to clear up the mys
tery for five weeks, by which time he will
nave heard from England.
School Director Edward Resigns.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 4. — Colonel
George C. Edward, member at large of the
Board of Eaucation, surprised hia col
leagues this evening by sending them his
resignation. No reason was given, but it
is understood to be the additional work
which devolves upon him by the death of
his father-in-law, A. K. P. Harmon. Di
rectors Knox, Moody and Stark were
named as a committee to draft suitable
resolutions at his loss after the resignation
was accepted. The board will select his
euccessor at their meeting next Mondaj\
On the report of the secretary that there
was a deficit of $:JSOO in the High School
fund it was decided to close the school two
weeks earlier than usual so as to close the
year out of debt.
Adams Divorce Case.
. 6AKLAND, Cal., May 4.— ln Judge
Frick's court this morning the case of
F*ed Adams (by his guardian, James
Adams) to annul his marriage with Nita
Day was begun. The cross complaint and
prayer for divorce filed by the counsel for
the defense was allowed to stand. A plea
forconnsel fees and alimony for the de
fendant wa3 made and the Judge granted
that some moDey should be paid, but how
much he had not as yet decided.
Contra Costa's Water-Mam.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— The change
of the water-main of the Contra Costa
Water Company from the Eighth-street
bridge to the Twelfth-street dam was suc
cessfully made last night by a large corps
of workmen. A connection broke, "causing
some delay, so the water was shut off during
a part of the morning. The large nine will
now be removed from the bridge. *
Flemming vs. l.ydecker Case.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— A motion to
diesolve the injunction was denied in the
suit of Flemming against Lydecker to re
strain the Trustees of Alameda from en
larging the city's plant in order to Supply
private consumers by Judge Frick this
morning and the bond" of the plaintiff was
increased from $500 to $5000.
Lettu« Still Missing.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— No news con
cerning the whereabouts of Jack Lettus,
formerly manager of the Labor Bureau on
Washington street, has been received as
yet. Three weeks ago he disappeared and
his friends lear he has committed suicide
from despondency.
HISTORY OI A DAY.
Almueda Conntj Happening! Told In
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Fkancisco Call, (
908 Broadway, May 4. j
Colonel Sprague. who died yesterday, will be
in terred at 2p. m. to-morrow. The funeral will
, be strictly private.
Jonu P. Hucton, who pleaded guilty to bat
tering a Chinaman, was sentenced to pay a
fine of ¥20 by Judge Wood in the Police Court
to-day. •:
'. W. A. Kenney, receiver of the firm of Kisdon
. & Co., pending the settlement of a partnership
account, has been authorized by the court to
continue the business.
Solomon Baumgartner. has employed an at
torney and will contest the suit brought by his
wife for divorce. He is willing to consent to a
. divorce, but demurs to a division of the prop
erty. f. ■
* ,_ H v, A# £ eIBOn a ,, b .rakeman in the employ of
the Southern Pacific. Company, had his hand
crushed yesterday so that it had to be ampu
tated by the railroad surgeons at Fabiola
Hospital. .
Counsel for Albert Menzenmeyer have been
allowed ten days' extension of tim 3 in which
■ tO present a bill of exceptions to the order re
gubmitting the charge in the indictment to
the Grand Jury.
The California Title Insurance and Trust
Company lias been directed to deliver to the
executors of the will of Albin 11. Morse, de
ceased, a number of coupons ou bonds depos
ited with the company. «*yu»
- The application of the First Hebrew congre
gation lor permission to sell Its property on ,
Thirteenth and Clay streets and buy a lot at
the corner of Twelfth and Castro streets has !
t c n granted. The synagogue will be removed
to the latter site.
There will be an important meeting of the
loung Women's Christian Association at
Franklin street to-morrow at 10:30 o'clock.
Quarterly reports of the various branches of
work will be given and arrangements made for
the Bible readings to be given by Mrs. Strand-
Smith of London. All are invited.
A WOMAN'S FAILURE.
She Burrowed Money and Lived Well
as Long as It Held
Out.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— Elizabeth G.
Randol has filed a petition in insolvency
in which she sets forth that she owes
$9561 47. Among the largest creditors are
Andrew Strott of Berkeley, whom she
owes $4600 for money borrowed, and for
which he holds a mortgage on her resi
dence; W. B. Hooper of the Occidental
Hotel, $2000 of borrowed money, and who
holds a second mortgage on the property;
the Oakland Bank of Savings, $500 of Dor
rowed money, secured by a bond of the
Hotel Vendome. and J. N. Turner, $250 for
advanced money and attorney's fees, se
cured by a chattel mortgage on her piano.
The balance is in small amounts to
tradespeople in this city and San Fran
cisco, all unsecured. To offset this she
has the homestead at 927 Filbert street,
valued ats7ooo; three first-mortgage bonds
of the Carson and California Railway
Company, valued at $1000 each; one bond
of the Hotel Vendome, valued at $500.
and a piano valued at $250. She claims
personal effects to the extent of $375 as ex
empt. ;^i<',i
A PERMANENT EXHIBIT.
The Board of Trade Pleads for the
Use of the Ball of Records
Annex.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— At the meet
ing of the Board of Supervisors this morn
ing.Craigie Sharpe and Jerry Tyrrel, repre
senting the Board of Trade, addressed the
Supervisors on the subject of maintaining
a permanent exhibit of Alameda County
products. They asked for the lower hall
in the annex to the Hall of Records for
the exhibit.
Mr. Sharpe praised Alameda County and
noted its natural resources, but said" that
it was behind the times and did not take
advantage of its natural chances. He
further .stated that this county should
have half a million population and keep
ing an exhibit of its products would greatly
aid the county. The request was referred
to the building committee.
TAKES A SHOT AT MANY,
Significant Remarks by the
Mayor About the City
Engineer.
School Census Marshal Friend Also
Receives a Thrust .Frcm the City's
Chief Executive.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
903 Bro idway, May 4. )
Several new numbers were added to the
usual programme of the City Council to
night.
While Mayor Davie was absent in flesh
he was present in epirit and caused his
opponents much diversion and some
worry by several communications which
he had addressed to that body.
The first was a bomb for bis associate on
the Board of I'ublic Works. The little
matters between members of this board
are not frequently brought out at their
own meeting, as then they are close neigh
bors, but as Mayor Mr. Davie expresses
his opinion of Mr. Wilson as City En
gineer. In to-night's communication the
Mayor goes at ereat length into the affairs
of the Engineer's office. He says :
As the present administration is in its clos
ing year it is necessary to have a complete
inventory of the surveys, field notes, etc., of
The Engineer' 6 office on tiie so as to enable the
authorities to ascertain at any time what data
belongs to the city and so prevent the misap
propriation of valuable matter at the outgoing
of each administration of the City Engineer's
office, which has taken place in the pubt, and
now Is the time to apply the remedy.
The average cost for" conducting the office
for four years from 1889 to 1592, a time when
street work and public improvements were live
times more each year tnan at present, was
$1852, and yet the coat for the present flbcal
year is $8399 44, or 353 per cent more than in
1889 to 1893, or $1000 more than it cost to
run the office for four years.
At the beginning of the fiscal year your
honorable body created the office of deputy
city engineer and fixed the salary at $1600
per year with the supposition that the oflic. bo
created would lessen the expense of that office
for extra assistants during the year, but to the
contrary it has assisted to increase the ever
increasing expense for assistants.
I respectfully make the following recommen
dations, for the consideration of your honora
ble body:
That your honorable body order the city en
gineer to file with the city clerk and the Board
ot Public Works an inventory of the maps,
data, etc., in his possession and belonging to
the City.
That contemplating the fixing of the tax
levy for the next fiscal year the position of
deputy city engineer be abolished on and after
the Ist day of July, 1890.
That the city engineer be instructed to pre
sent all demands for assistants in their respec
tive names, giving the character of the work
periormed and for what purpose and the rate
per day allowed.
The second communication referred to
the son of W. H. Friend, the leader in the
reform movement in party politics,
wnereby the Republicans ■of the city and
county were given primaries ■« herewith to
select delegates to the convention whicn
meets in Sacramento to-day. It is as
follows:
I respectfully call your attention to the
matter of the work of the census marshal ap
pointed by your hooorable body for the pur
pose of supervising the taking of the census
lor this year.
The said census marshal receives a salary of
$6 per day during the time of taking the cen
sus. Upon investigation I find that the said
marshal does not attend to his duties as re
quired of him, but employs a student to do his
work while he is attending to his studies at
the university. He has been present but a few
days of the many required for the work.
When your honorable body niMkes an ap
pointment with a salary of $6 per day the law
does not give the right to the person so ap
pointed to "farm out" the work to others.
The matter smacks much of the political
methoda~of old, when the per.-on performing
the work did not receive the full compensa
tion allowed by law.
I respectiully recommend that your honor
able body appoint some person" to the said
position who will devote his time to the
work.
The Mayor returned, without his ap
proval, the ordinance providing for the
expenditure of $7000 for dredging slips at
the City wharf and in front of the City
wharf, between the pierhead line and the
Government channel. He gives as a rea
son for such veto the fact that there are no
funds available for such purpose, nor had
such sum been placed in the tax levy of
this year, and recommends that the deep
ening of the flips be deferred until such
time aB the entrance to the harbor has
been completed.
KILLED BY AN ENGINE.
One of Four Drunken Tramps Kan Over
and the Others Arrested.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 4.— An un
known tramp was ran over and killed by
a freight engine on First street to-night at
11 :30 o'clock.
He was one of a party of four walking
along the track when the fatality occurred.
The other men escaped uninjured,
although all were intoxicated.
The dead man was taken to the Morgue
ana the other three were arrested and put
in jail.
So far none of the men have been recog
nized.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
DESERTED HIS
ENGLISH WIFE,
Thomas Tait Tells Why He
Ran From His Aged
Fiancee.
IS OPPOSED TO BIGAMY.
Remarkable Faith in the For
giving Qualities of
Wcmen.
NOT EIGHT TO DESERT HEB.
He Thinks That if He Is Free the
Lady Whom He Insulted Should
Forgive Him.
Oakland Office »a» Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 4. f
Thomas Tait has made a strange confes
sion. His conscience triumphed over his
inclinations in time to prevent him doing
something that might have sent him to
San Queutin.
Tait is the man who took out a marriage
license to marry an elderly lady named
Foulkes, and who went on a spree with
the money she gave him to purchase a
marriage license. Tait woke up in a hos
pital and haß been unable to find his Dride.
"There was some reason for my going
on a spree," said Tait to-day. "After I
left the County Clerk's office my con
science smote me and 1 did not dare to re
join Mrs. Foulkes and go to a Justice and
be married.
"Nine years ago I left my wife and fam
ily at Berwick-on-Tweed, in the north of
England, and I believe that I am a mar
ried man. I have never communicated
with my wife since, and just after I took
out the license I thought of the result and
I went away.
"Mrs. Foulkes went with me to the Hall
of Records, and I pave her the slip as I
came out. lam told that she waited two
hours for me and then went off and moved
to San Francisco so that I could not find
her. It has been said that I was anxious
to marry the old lady, but that is not so.
Fora long time she has been like a mother
to me, and it was her proposition that we
get married. She offered to give me the
money for necessary expenses and has fre
quently given me money. She is G9 years
old and I am 39, but the difference in age
need not prevent us from being married,
if nothing else stood in the way.
'•I wrote home some time ago and am
waiting for an answer. Perhaps my wife
has obtained a divorce by this time. I
hope she has, because I have no desire to
return, but I do not wish to get into
trouble. We are both members of reli
gious bodies, and I greatly regret that I
was tempted till I fell. Last night I was
converted again, and I went out to the
penitent form and made a full confession.
I am still anxious to marry Mrs. Foulkes
and I hope she will consent to a reconcilia
tion. Of course it was not a very proper
thing to do, to lead a lady to believe that
she would be married ■within an hour and
then leave ncr in the Hail of Records and
go off and get drunK and forget all about
her for a few days while I spent her money,
but she is of a very forgivine nature and' I
think we shall be married yet, if only I
can learn that lam no longer married to
my first wife."
ATKINSON STILL MISSING
No Reason Can Be Given for
the Student's Sudden Dis
appearance.
All His Friends Are Certain That He
Is Still in the Laud of the
Living.
Oakland Office Saw Fbancisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 4. )
Nothing has been heard of the where
abouts of George Atkinson, president of
the Market-street Christian Endeavor
Union, and the anxiety of his friends in
creases daily.
The missing man did not communicate
with his father and no information could
be obtained from that source. His father
is Rev. W. H. Atkinson of Forest Grove,
Or. George was born in India, where his
father was a missionary.
All of his friends scout the idea that he
has done anything rash, as he was not of
the disposition that prompts people to
suicide. He frequently referred to his de
sire to go to sea and it is supposed he has
carried out his idea. A careful inspection
of his room to-day did not reveal any
thing that would throw any light on his
disappearance.
in addition to being president of the
C. E. Union, Atkinson was also a Sunday
school teacher, and everybody unites in
saying that he was a young man of ex
ceptionally regular habits. It was said
that ne was jilted by some young lady
because he decided to study for the minis
try, but most of his friends discredit this
story.
Rev. Dr. Chapman, pastor of the Mar
ket-stieet church, has done all in his power
to find the missing student, but has met
with no success.
WATSON OH PHILOSOPHY,
The Noted Canadian Professor's
First Appearance in
Berkeley.
Development of the Schools of Des
cartes and Liebnitz, and a Com
parison of the Two.
BERKELEY, Cal, May 4.— Dr. John
Watson of Queen's College, Kingston,
Canada, delivered his first address in
Berkeley under the auspices of the Philo
sophical Society of the university.
Dr. Watson's subject was "The Develop
ment of Philosophy From Descartes to
Liebnitz, With Borne Introductory Re
marks on the General Problem of Philoso
phy and Its Development."
The new First Presbyterian Church, in
which the distineuished visitor spoke, was
tilled by an audience largely composed of
students and members of the faculty of
the university. Dr. Watson began by
stating that there are a number of factors
developed in historical succession that
constitute tho life and thought of the
modern world,
"The first great element," he sa;d, "ia
tie intense realization of the necessity of
righteous comluct, a corruption developed
by the Hebrews. The second element is
tnat of the Greeks, a demand for clear,
reasonable thought. The most important
element of all is that introduced by Chris
tianity, and is briefly definable as that
consciousness of the essential identity of
the human and the divine, which has re
sulted in Christianity's active and constant
efforts for the organization of humanity —
efforts which have iniluenced all Western
civilization.
"A fourth great factor in modern philo
sophical thought is the faculty, developed
by the Romans, of graspiiie constitu
tional law and organizing and maintain
ing government. The fifth factor is the
German or Teutonic genius for individual
liberty and the last the characteristically
modern inclination to exact study of
nature in all its forms.
"A problem of modern philosophy there
fore is the combining into a system of
these factors. Of necessity this a work of
time, and naturally while the process of
development of such a system is going on
different elements are emphasized in dif
fernt philosophies.
"The general may be made
that from Descar es to Liebnitz philo
sophical movement was mainly in the
direction of reconciling the results of phys
ical science with the general theological
conception which came to man from
Christianity."
The speaker then reviewed the philoso
phy of Descartes and liiebnitz, and com
pared the two in a most interesting man
ner.
Dr. Watson will continue his lectures to
morrow evening in the First Presbyterian
Church. On Wednesday and Thursday
evenings he will spaak in Stiles Hall.
ALAMEDA CITY TRUSTEES
F. N. Delanoy Withdraws His
Application for a Fran
chise.
Notifies the Board That on Tuesday
He Will Proceed to Erect
Poles.
ALAMEDA, Gal., May 4.— At a meeting
of the City Trustees this evening bills to
the amount of $122 were ordered to be
paid. The board denied the request of
Messrs. Zingy & Powell to lower the
licenses on their billiard tables. The Com
mittee on Lights were empowered to make
necessary provisions to protect the electric
light works while they remain open.
The poundmaster's report showed he
had impounded twenty-live dogs, one cow
and two horses during the month and de
stroyed twenty-four dogs. Six applica
tions were made for gratuitous licenses.
Elwood Uruner, on behnlf of F. N. De
lanoy, appeared before the board and ap
plied to withdraw the application he had
made on that gentleman's behalf for a
franchise to erect an electric light plant,
lie did this because he had found subse
quently that it was not necessary for the
board to grant a franchise. He claimed
the ripjht UDder the State constitution to
construct such an electric plant in the
city, and out of courtesy to the board he
informed them of his intention.
He invited the assistance and co-opera
tion ol the board in the work. Two of the
gentlemen behind the project were L. P.
Drexler and Gurtave Sutro of San Fran
cisco. He also presented a bond for JoCXX)
issued by the Pacific Surety Company for
any damage that may be done to the
streets, as it was Mr. Delanoy's intention
to proceed to-morrow morning to erect the
necessary poles.
The board decided that if Mr. Delanoy
proceeds to interfere with the main street's
he will do so at his own ri?k.
Mr. Leydecker moved that an ordinance
be drawn up that all telephone, telegraph
and electric wires be placed underground.
T. E. Brennan addressed the board on
the safety of the places of amusement in
Alanieda. He said that there were no
proper means of egress provided in these
places. The Fire Committee promised to
inspect the various build ines and take
measures to see that the evils spoken of
were remedied. The board then adjourned.
The Circular Track.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 4.— Some twenty
gentlemen be'.onKing to the AlamedaDriv
ing Association met last night to further
discuss the question of locating the cir
cular mile track. After discussion, the
track committee was authorized to locate
the track and accept the bids for forming
tiie same. If the Pacific Improvement
Company is favorable to the idea the track
will be built at right angles to the boule
vard track; if against it, the track is to
run paiallel thereto between Prospect and
Shennun streets. Two bids were received
to form the tract, I. Fletcher $485 and E.
B. Lane $250.
Messrs. Thonj:i« A. Smith, William Rig
by, E. li. Bouth, C. F. Michaels and C. B.
Russell, representing Christ Church, Ala
mecia, will take part in the diocesan con
vcmion that meets to-morrow in Qrace
Church, San Francisco.
Departure or Delegates.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 4. — Colonel
George Babcock, Colonel E. A. yon
Schmidt, W. B. Hodges, Alexander Hay,
Fred E. Jenkins, the delegates elected as
the result of open primaries, and E. B
Mastick. George R. Miller, W. H. Davis,
Henry Sevening and J. Russell Know
land,"the delegates appointed by E. K. Tay
lor, left for Sacramento last night and this
morning to attend the Republican State
Convention. The "Regulars" are quite
hopeful they will be seated, inasmuch as
their application to the district committee
last Saturday for credentials was almost
successful. They claim that had the chair
man, E. K. Taylor, not used his casting
vot« they would have prevented the oth
ers from getting their credentials, aa the
voting was equal on all questions.
Stole Some 'Wine.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 4.— Three young
ragamuffins vi&ite.l the residence of
Dr. G. L. Schmidt, 1059 Central avenue,
on Saturday afternoon during hia absence.
They enticed his son, aued 11, to get them
some wine and succeeded in getting into
the cellar, where a good store of claret,
riesling and sherry were stored. They
helped themselves so liberally that one
was found helpless on the sidewalk when
the doctor came back. The other two
started in to wnoop t >ings up by annoy
ing tne neighbors round about with their
insolence and as a climax fell foul of each
other and fouyht until they were covered
with gore.
Newa of the Town.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 4.— Judge Frick
has set May 22 for the trial of the injunc
tion- suit against the City Trustees.
Adam Keberer, superintendent of the
Pacific Coast Borax Works, has been
granted a patent for a centrifugal ma
chine.
The picnic of the Woodmen of the World
will be held next Saturday at San Lorenzo
Grove and as no liquor will be allowed on
the grounds and a host of valuable prizes
is to be contended for a great attendance
is expected.
Woman Suffrage Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 4.— A conven
tion in the interests of woman suffrage
will be held in Linderman Opera-house on
May 21 under the auspices of the Political
Equality Club. The sessions will com
mence at 3 and Bp. M. The speakers will
be Susan B. Anthony, Rev. Anna Shaw
Miss Yates and others.
Increase of Postal Matter,
LORIN, Cal., May 4 —Postmaster Breen
of Lorin states that during the past two
years the amount of second-class mail
matter which passed through the Lorin
postoffice has increased by 200 percent.
The decided increase in the quantity of
reading matter, such as comes under the
"second-class" regulation, is but a slight
indication of the great increase in tne
population of that section of the Berkeley
Township within tho past two years.
SAN LORENZO
IS OUTRAGED,
Supervisors Ignore the Pleas
of Eighty Wives and
Mothers.
CAN GET NO RELIEF.
District Attorney Church Says
Mistakes Cannot Be
Corrected.
FRAUD HAS BEEN PROVED
But the License Having Been Granted
Cannot Ec Revoked or
Reconsidered.
SAN LORENZO, Cal., May 4.— The
town of San Lorenzo considers that it
has been outraged. All its wives, sis
ters and mothers petitioned the Board of
Supervisors not to grant a liquor license to
the lessee of the Grove. In spite of their
efforts the license was granted and it was
proved that the signatures to the petition
had been procured by fraudulent misrep
resentations.
The Grove is a picnic resort, and on seve
ral occasions there have been disgraceful
scenes on Sundays that have necessitated
the presence of extra police. The inhabi
tants of the quiet little town resent such
unpleasantness being forced upon them,
and to-day the District Attorney decided
that there is no hope for them and that
the Supervissrs cannot revoke a license
once granted. He says:
Gentlemen— ln re Bormann license, your
honorable body has submitted to me for my
opinion the question as to whether or i not the
action of the board in granting one Bormann
a license may be reviewed and rescinded by
them in the event that, subsequent to the
granting of said license, it should appear that
one of the signatures to the petition for a per
mit was invalid, by reason of the fact that the
said signature was not a genuine signature of
the party purporting to sign the petition.
It would seem from a recent decision of the
Supreme Court, decided in the case of Belser
vs. lloffschneider, 104 Cal., 461, that the
board would not have the power to review or
rescind its action in the matter, the same be
ing judicial and no procedure existing for
such review. In the case above cited the Su
preme Court on the subject uses the following
language:
"The general rule is that where special juris
diction is conferred upon a court or board to
determine certain specified controversies and
no provision is made for a review by such
tribunal of its judgments, when it has once
determined the matter Its jurisdiction is ex
hausted. While the matter is still sub jndice
no doubt the tribunal may reconsider its ac
tion ; but when final judgment has been en
tered the board is funetusofficio." -
As the granting of tho license would be the
final act of the board upon the petition for a
permit the jurisdiction of the board would be
exhausted upon such action being taken, con
sequently, under the above rule, laid down by
our Supreme Court, it would be impossible for
the board to take further or any action in
this proceeding, and the only remedy in the
premises would be an application to the courts
eitner to review by, certiorari, or . by an equit
able action to set aside the proceedings of the
board." • . ■- >*-.--.
The facts of the case as shown from the
records of the board are as follows: Bor
mann filed an application with the board
September 30, 1895, for a permit to secure
a liquor license and to conduct a bar at
San Lorenzo Grove, a picnic grounds owned
by the Oakland, San Leandro and Hay
wards electric road. The immediate res
idents protested and showed the ap
plication was not signed by the five near
est freeholders and heads of families, as
provided in the liquor license ordinance.
The application was withdrawn October 28.
A month later, November 25, Bormann
came before the board a second time, but
the protestants had been made aware of
his intended action and a week later, De
cember 7, compelled its second withdrawal
owing to a second strong protest on the
same grounds. Two weeks later Bormann
came in the third time, but was forced to
withdraw again by the residents show
ing that the application yet lacked the
proper signatures. In all of these three
cases he took ' an oath that the signers
were duly qualified by the law to be on the
application.
Mr. Bormann took a rest after these ef
forts until March 30, 1896, when he came
in with his fourth petition. This fact be
ing published the residents again rose in
their might and protested at the meeting
held April 6. Rev. G. T. McCollura being
present claimed that one ot tne signatures
was of a man residing in Huywards and
registered there, so that under no inter
pretation could the man be claimed to be
a resident of San Lorenzo.
E. B. Stone, one of the directors of the
electric road, appeared and urged action
on the ground that the delay was injuring
the profits of his company as certain or
ganizations would not lease the park for
Sunday picnics until they knew there
would be a license. He claimed that the
signature was all right and would be
shown to De so later, and that all the pro
testants wanted was to keep them out as
long as possible so as to injure their busi
ness.
It is an unwritten rnle of the board that
whenever there is a protest to any pro
posed action it shall fix a day when all in
terested parties shall have a hearing. In
this case, however, they rushed a lesolu
tion through granting the permit without
ever allowing protestauts to prove their
allegations or even letting them know
that action would be taken. One of the
protests was signed by eighty mothers,
wives and sisters.
Rev. Mr. McCollum went home dis
gusted, but determined that he would
show the citizens of the county he had not
made any assertions or statements that
were not tnie. He went to the man whose
residence had been questioned and was
surprised to find that the man had never
signed the application or authorized the
signature; further the man made affidavit
to the fact and also that he was and had
been a resident of Hay wards for six
months.
A visit made to his daughter sho-wed
that Bormann had presented himself at her
house as a poor man with a large family
in need and requested her to sign her
father's name so that he could secure
control of the grove during the summer
and thus assist himself. She claimed he
never mentioned a liquor license, saloon
or anything else to make her believe that
she was assisting a man to get a liquor
license. She had put this in the form of
an affidavit, and they were both presented
to the board one week later, April 13.
Supervisor Church was highly Indignant
and demanded that a hearing be held, as a
reproach had been cast on Mr. Bormann,
who should be given a bearing. The
matter went over one week.
The minutes of the board for Monday,
April 20, show tnat the matter was laid
over two weeks "in order that the District
Attorney might have an onportunity to
ascertain the legal status of The case and
.whether or not the action of the board in
granting a permit was valid, or whether,
in view of tne facts of the case, the permit
could be rescinded and the prayer of the
protestants granted."
The ooinion rendered to-day is the result
of his labors in that direction, but does
not settle the matter, as the courts will be
appealed to.
Auction Bales
JAPANESE & CHINESE AUCTION SALE
4 19 Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday, .... May 5, i 8 96
At 11 A.M.; 2 and 7 P.M.
REMOVED FROM CHINATOWN
• For convenience of sale, ihe stock of a ■-
CHINESE MERCHANT, WHO IS
RETURNING TO CHINA.
RARE ORIENTAL CURIOS.
Satsuma, Cloisonne, Awata, Kaga, Tokoaabe,
■ • i • • Bishu, Kochi. etc. t.
Antique ltronzes, Carvings, Silk Ooods,
Embroideries, etc. -
JAPANESE RUGS, ALL SIZES.
Without Reserve or Limit. Chairs for Ladles.
F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
GRASD AUCION SALE.
THIS DAY.
Tuesday ...May 5, 1896
ROYAL PARLOR, CHAMBER,
LIBRARY AND DINING-ROOM
35 11 XT R N I TU H. H,
WORKS OP ART, ETC.,
424 LEAVEN WORTH ST., COR. O'PARRELL.
. Fall particulars in "Chronicle."
FRANK W. BUTTERFIELD, Auctioneer,
19 Montgomery street.
HOOTED AT THE GAMES,
Berkeley Students Incensed at
the Conduct of Their
Rivals.
They Say the Stanford Men Guyed
Them in a Most Discourteous
Manner.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 4.—Consider
able complaint has been made by the
Berkeley players and their friends at what
they claim was discourteous and unsports
manlike treatment received at the hands
of the Stanford men last Saturday.
They say they were hooted and jeered
throughout the day, and that general dis
courtesy was prevalent, more especially
because the honors of the afternooD went
to tne Berkeley nine. Captain Elston
stated that the discourteous treatment
was wholly uncalled for, as the
Berkeley men did nothing whicn
would justify any such actions. On the
other hand he said the Stanford men were
treated with the utmost respect when on
the Berkeley diamond two weeks ago, and
that when the cardinals came down to the
field the Stanford yell was given from the
grand stand by Berkeley students.
Baseball Excursion.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 4.— Manager
Miller of the University baseball team is
endeavoring to get up an excursion of
student "rooters" to accompany the team
and attend the tnird of the trli> of inter
collegiate baseball games, to be held at
San Jose next Friday afternoon. The
baseball men are much elated over their
success of last Saturday in defeating Stan
ford by a score of 13 to 3, and from their
interest it seems probable that tne proposed
excursion party will be easily made up.
Should fifty signatures be received half
rate fare or less will be secured.
The result of the game on Friday will
determine th 3 intercollegiate champion
ship lor '96, as each team has won one
game thus far this season.
Debaters to Be Banqueted.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 4.— Hon. War
ren Olney will cive a breakfast to the par
ticipators in the last intercollegiate debate,
the presidents of the two contesting uni
versities and the three judges, at the Uni
versity Club on Saturday, May 16, at 12 m.
PICKLES, GORE AND PIE,
Joseph Scheerer and Behrend
Joost Have a Fracas in
a Restaurant.
Blood and Flying Sauce Bottles Served
as Dessert at Harrison's, on
Montgomery Street
Behrend Joost and Joseph Scheerer, both
residents of Sunshine Valley and up to
yesterday at the noon hour the best of
friends, don't speak as they now pass each
other on the street.
The cause of this coolness is that Joost
is carefully nursing a bruised nose and
Scheerer is figuring upon how many twen
ties he will be called upon to contribute to
the City's exchequer when he holds a levee
with one of the Police Judges.
The little unplearantness which has
made these two neighbors bad friends
occurred in a basement coffee resort known
as W. E. Hanson's, at 236 Montgomery
street, at the lunch hour.
Joost, who is an extreme temperance ad
vocate, stepped down the stairs to re
fresh himself with a cup of coffee just at
noon. A similar desire seized Scheerer at
the same time, and as a result both met,
but at different tables. This of itself
would be nothing unusual were it not that
Scheerer is in Joost's debt to the amount of
|275 for "good 9, ware and merchandise
sold and delivered" from Joost's store on
Mission street and money loaned.
Since the former disposed o? his Ban
Mateo Railroad he has been anxious to
collect all his outside accounts, and seeing
Scheerer he asked for the amount of his
bill. To this the reply came that if the
account had not been placed in the hands
of a collector he would have paid it, but
now he would not.
Joost denied that the account had been
given to a collector. Contrary opinions
were exchanged, when the lie was passed
between them. At this stage of the pro
ceedings Scheerer's right fist came in
contact with Joost's nose, and Joost
seized a pickle - jar and threw it at
his antagonist's head, but missed his aim.
A clinch followed and a roll over on the
floor ensued among tables, chairs, lady
waitresses and patrons of the place, whose
coffee was upset. Sujrar-bowls rolled on
the floor and the girls screamed, all of
which made the place lively for the time
being.
Some of the peaceable patrons separated
the combatants and Joost was taken into
an adjoining room, where the now of
"claret" was stopped by cold-water appli
cations.
The utmost secrecy was preserved con
cerning the spirited affair by Hanson and
those working for him, but Mr. Joost was
less reserved when spoken to about the
matter. He said:
"I was sitting at the table when Scheerer
passed and I asked for what he owed me and
for what I allowed him to get as a preferred
claimant of the sale of the railroad, which
amounted to $75 for goods sold and $200
borrowed money. Some words passed, and
I called him a liar. He struck me a pow
erful blow on the nose, and I tried to hit
him with a pickle-jar that was on the
table. Who could blame me? Scheerer is
a man who weighs about 250 pounds,
whereas I only weigh 130. He is a big
bully, that is all. I have sworn out a war
rant for his arrest, and thus the matter
stands."
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. AUCTIONEERS,
Sale sroomg-1 135 Market Street.
Between Seventh and Eighth. Regular Sale Days,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 761.
THIS DAY, Tuesday May 5. 1898,
At 10 o'clock a. m., at salesroom,
1135 MARKET ST., bet. 7th and Bth,
WB WIIL SKI.I,
Upright Piano, 8 Folding Beds mirror fronts.
Bookcases, Desks, Sideboards, Extension Tables,
Oak and Walnut Bedroom Sets, Parlor Furniture,
2500 yards Carpets, Best of Bedding, Lace Cur-
tains, Portieres, Paintings. Wardrobes, Hatracks,
Crockery, Glassware, Stoves and Ranges, 1 Coffee-
Will. Coffee Hoaster. 150 lbs Coffee, 1 bbl Chick-
orr. New Tinware, Counters, etc. . -
CHAS. LEVY 4 CO., Auctioneers.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter St., Above Grant Are.
THIS DAY, .-;v£
Tue5day......... May 5, 1896,
At 11 a. if., at 2916 SIXTEENTH ST., between
Capp and Howard, I will sell a Very Elegant Stock
of Clothing, Gents .Furnishings, Hats. Caps, Boots
and (shoes. Trunks, Valises, etc., brand new goods-
also Counters and Shelving. . •
S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
AUCTION! AUCTION!
tA J^ £& £a
40 Weil-Bred. Mostly Gentle Horses
. MnBt "Old without reserve, MAI 5
TUESDAY MAY 5,
At International Horse Market, Twelfth '
;'■>■•*•'. and Harrison sts. •
W. P. McCORP. Auctioneer.
"^ — — — — — _— i s— — —^
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
J J Dolan, Vallejo Dr G Jeaks, San Jose
E C Rice &w, San Jose E w Morris, Nev
A Jones, Fresno R Knapp «fe w, N V
C J de Roo. Benicla w D Mann. Faust Co
Mrs H Vanderhoff, N V W L Roberts Aw, N V
Miss C Martin, NY EM Nichols, N r
i Dowdell, St Helena E Foy Aw, Chicago -
?i* l, ri 2 lrose &w, N V Miss E Dlnsmore, Foy CO
Wm M Randall, NY .J E Sullivan, do
MissLLarkln.Sßernrdo CD ilcConnell . do
Miss L , McKlroy, NY • EH Kiser, HY -.:
22 XTK Tx W Mussrove Cal c M Williams <few, L An*
B C Holly, Vallejo 8 W Van Sycle, NY
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
Peter Hanson, Petaluma A Strohm, j-'resno i = -' '
J Green, Benicla Miss M O'Kuf, Los Ang
I C Steele Jr. Pescadero A Collins, Aria
X L Shelby, Grand Is J£ E Humphry. Talare
T B Hopp^ck, Fresno E L Sherman. Hanford
F A Manaco, Los Ang A G .Rivera, Los Angeles
C J Hashes, Los Anjr ¥ Charlord, Los Angeles
J C Hall & fy, Georgia M Buckley, San Leandro
Capt St Weber, Marys? E A Agzier, Ferndale
D Howard, Fresno . J Green, Benicia
\Vm C Boyle, Mass Miss E Forsj-th, Faust Co
N B Mergen, Faust Co R Ashbrook, •' .
W McDonough, " E A Phellps, « •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
Cr. W Johnson. Oakland E Hess. Angel Island
W A Covlnjrton, NY L Larson, Tacoma
E B Kendall, Oakland A B Knight. Montana
£»Hr £? gs &w* N V G H Primrose. Primrose
W H West, Primrose & & West's Minstrels
West's Minstrels Jos Garland, do
George Wilson, do John Howe, do
James Wall. do James Shults, do '
C W Millar, do - H H Millar, do
W H Windsor. do George Phillips, do
John W Davis, do Alex Cameron, do
Bobt Carmlcnal, do 8 M Ettinger, do
Arthur Ilulma, do John Whalen, 'do
C B Hent. do Major MoKiuley, do
H Hardy, do FHerting, do
L Parshley, do O Dyer, do
Chas Kuapp, do J G West, do
Andrew McLeod. do
PALACE HOTEL,
Miss Hewitt, Oregon H Nelson, FerndaU
C M Smith. N V W B Peck, N V
B Marks, NY C Monroe, Los Angelas
W Sargent, Chicago E X Wrighl & wf, Pa
J B Moore, N V Dr Slat er, Alameda
A yon Markhoff.Austria Miss B Gerhardt, Phila
Mrs A C Cass, Denver J H Gail & wf, Buffalo
F C Turk, Chlco M E Paine, England
J W Kline, Philadelphia A Bin, ham <fe w.Marysvl
Mrs F Llebman, Pbila A Thomas. Raymond
li Cushman, NY E Carpenter. Marsbfield
A T Randolph, Canada Mias Randolph, Canada
D D Walker. St Louis W Acams, Warren
S M Adams. Warren C F Lewis, Oakland
J Jacobs d: wf, Portland J Bradbury, Lob Angeles
R S Buchanan, Chicago A E Baker <fc wf, 1 oleda
W A Bowden, San Jose E Harbeck <fc wf, Chicago
W E Dunn, Los Angeles B Stelnman, w <fc d.Sacio
H J Blater, Chicago J Despres & wf, Chicago
J P 6m uh & wf, Chicago H Mulliken & valet, Mass
LICK HOUBE.
W A Oett Jr, Bacto Mrs J Sawyer, Paris
C G Betts, Spokane Capt H II Ho.yes. Sonoma
J Simpson, Kureka H T Schuman, N V
L M Kaiser.Sn i. Übispo A Weill, Mexico
O Lewis, st Louis L H H«tfle!d, Sacto
E A Berman, Cal Mrs T Jables, Tomales
Miss Moig, Tomales R E Minor, Stockton
MrsG WHace, WeslS ide Miss B btone, West Side
Capt Mori el. & fm, Cal Capt Crosby A fm, Cal
Mrs G E Hill, Pa A L Vaughan, Chicago
Mrs H Francis, Fresno C B Rea, College Park
J Mcßride, Sacto W B Farrar, Fresno
J Kennie, St Helena G H Fancher.Sla Rosa
F Richards, Sonora G P Arnold, Cal
E Snow, Washn, DC P T Daman, < iroville
J Kirk, Omaha J P Aaler, Sacto
G Mayne, Chlco O Trayne, Mexico
O A Pryer, Chicago J Myers, Salinas
X A Williams, Baltimore Missß Williams, Baltlmra
GRAND HOTEL.
P Baner, San Jose C Frances, Salinas
T L Northers. Uklah J M Morrison, Ukiah
J R Mathews, Uklah G A Sturtevant, Uklah
Lieut Pitt, Boulder Crk J Smith. Cal
W T Hale, Irvlngton A W Smith, Cal
R R Flint, Sacto C F Hutchinson, Sacto
R Heath, Lemoore W F George, Sacto
T V Dorsey, Grass Valey C E Hall, N V
Mrs M F Kellog?, NY E T BartleU, Mass
L A Sheldon, Pasadena G Brown & w.SnLorenzo
H Hebron. Healdsburg W Morgan &w, N V
W S WilUams&w.Orovle Miss E Bush, Kans
Mrs Eliza Benoer, Phila W Osborn <fe w, 111
M Walser, iresno W C Parker, Kenwood
A s Daukuran & w, Neb Miss Dukuran, Neb
R C Daukuran & w, N«b J C Tice. Stockton
J W scott, Los Ang N H Danfonh, Peoria
C V Miles, Omaha Mrs de St Germain. Cal
R M Hayes, Napa H T Woodward, S Diego
C F Volkeg, San Quentln C H Baker, Seattle
W Garratt, Seattle J Roper, San Jose
I Klch & w. Florida N N Brown, Tucson
N A Littlefield, Eureka Mrs J Jones. Say Jose
W H Harron. Geysers J X Dougherty, Eureka
D Tbomcs & w, 'Jo males O T Tulloch, Cal
AP D ret, Wheatland Mrs N Ochs, Williams
M V Brown, Los Angeles Miss A Ochs Williams
C H Reed, S Luis Obispo J H Glass, Paso Kobles
J McKee Placerville E Rodden, Oafcdale
The Carpenters.
The carpenters' picnic held recently at Sun
set Park, owing to the bad weather was not
the success desired or expected, although the
committee made a little over expenses. The
four carpenters' unions are now discussing tho
advisability of holding another outing «t the
same place in July. Union 22 has declared in
favor of the project.
Last night at the meeting: of 483 the union
decided in favor of the 2% cents a day assess
ment of all men at work to help those called
out on strike by the Buildinij Irades Council.
[legfepl
' : lMiflfc- ■■
llfiuglftl
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has .
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that
ak Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
I?26KI3ARNVST. Established
m 'J, 18 »* for the treatment of Private
W Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
3 g'sease wearing on bodyand mind and
■ Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
■ others fan. Try him. Charges low.
* ! l ?^2ir ".F 1 "* ranf « <>d - Callorwrit*
*>r. J, jr. utBSQX, Bos lW7.S»offß»cu2
1314
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. and Mary B. Haisht to Michael and
Bridget Shea, lot on V line of Green street. 150 X
of Van Ness avenue. E 35 by N 125: $10. :
City and v ounty of san Francisco to William N.
Shelley, lot on N W corner of Union and Octavia
streets". W 122:1 by N 137:8. f ,
Teresa Demartini o Aneelo Demartini, lot on S
line of Lombard street, 66:3 E of Buchanan, E 25
by 100: $750.
George Purlenky to Christiana L. Purienky, lot
on N line of Fell street, 156:3 W of Fillmore, \V
26 by N 137:G; Blft. _
, ; Barstow and Margaret Cunnane to Hermann F.
Miller, lot on E line of Lyon street, 32:81,4 8 of
Jackson, S MO by F. 91; $10.
i Andrew B. McCreery to Mathew McGowan.lot
on SW corner of Baker street and Golden Gate av
enue, S 87:6 by W 96:10%: $3800.
same to G. F. W. Fahrenkriig. lot on S line of
Golden Gat* avenue, 200 Eof Lyon street. E 25 by
S 137:6: $1675. -
Same to Margaret Simpson, lot on N line of Mc-
Allister street, 75 E of Lyon, B 25 by N 100:
51950.
Same to Eugenic slater, lot on N line of McAl
lister street, 171:10% w of Baker, W 25 by N
137:6; $2275. v . ■
Same to Henry Proschold, lot on W line of Baker
street, 112:6 8 of Golden Gate avenue, 8 25 by W
121:10%: 92350.
E. J. and Catherine G. Duffeyto Margaret Stuart,
lot on N line of Fell street, 166:3 E of Clayton, E
•Jsbv N 137:6; $10.
1 I aura B. Roe to Katherine M. Sperry, lot on N
line ot Washington street, 137:6 E of Spruce. B 40
by N 127:8 Vi: $10.
<;oeda Alexander to Helen Alexander, lot on S
line of O'Farrell street, 62:6 E of Powell, E 25 by
* 87:6; F., Francis I. and Phillip J. Broad, Martha
Jaoies F., Francis Land Phillip J. Broad, Martha
A. Simon and Mary C Bronnan to Catherine
Bioad. lot on N\V cornerof Bush and Hyde streets,
w 137:6 to a point from the point of beginning, W
68:9 by N 137:6: also .Mann and San Mateo real
estate: also all interest in the estate of Charles
Broad; $3.
Teresa L. or Laura T. Edwards (nee McKee) to
>:inme Menttmann, lot on W line of First avenue,
175 sof California street South (Deeih). S 60 by
V. 120: $10.
Adolph Sutro to Rosa V. Morbio, lots 3, 4 and 5,
block 225: $10.
Will E. Fisher (trustee) to Peter and Owen Me-
Huch, Edmond Kenny and Frank L. Sheerin, lot
on W line of Thirtieth avenue, 176 N of A street,
JV 25, W 240, S 75, E 120, N 60, E 120; also lot
On N line or A street. 82:6 W of Thirtieth avenue,
W 25 by N 100: $10.
Edwin A. McDonald toLetltia McDonald, lot on
X line of Eighth avenue, 100 S of J street, S 35 by
X I*2o, subject to mortgage: gift.
George E. and Mary A. Jewett to Frank Harris
and D. Whltson, lot on S line of N street, 32:6 E
of Tenth avenue, E 32:6 by B 100; $10.
Mary Ryan to Jesse S. Andrews, lot on S line of
Q street, 00 Eof Nineteenth avenue, E 34:9, S
:30:2, W 26:6, N 130: also lot on X line of Nine
teenth avenue, 105 8 of Q street, N 25 by E 100:
also lot on E i!ne of Noe street, 53 S of Ford, S 25
\>yK 110: $10.
I-;. J. Mize to Peter Healey, lot 77, Gift Map 3:
$175.
Hattie Foster to Manuel J. and Manuel Tg Fires,
loton W corner Lizzie street and California ave
nue. SW 36 by NW 70:6, lots 48, 65, 66, Cobb
Tract: $10.
Patrick W. Riordan, Archbishop, to Evening
Post Publishing Company, lot on NX line of Fran
cis street, 400 NW of Mission. NW 26 by NE 100.
block 5, Academy Tract; $10.
:-ol and Dora uetz to \Vilhelmine Bovek, lot on
:N line of Brazil avenue, 25 \V of Madrid, W 25 by
N 100, block 29, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
• Cbaries A. King to Daniel A. McDonald, lot on
X line of Whitney street, 125 N of Randall, N 25
by i^ 125; $10.
C- *■: AIiAKBDA COUNTY.
William H. Leahy to Sallusch Scheyer, lot on W
line of Alice street. 50 N of Thirteenth, N 33:4 by
W 100, quitclaim deed, Oakland: $10.
Thomas J. and Martha K. Brower to H. IM.
Allen, lot on BE line of Seventh avenue, 65 NE of
East Tenth street, NE 48 by SE 75, block 19,
Clinton, East Oakland; $10.
H. M. and Mary S. Allen to George A. Warder,
same; $10.
George A. Warder to E. J. Overend, lot on SE
line of seventh avenue, 76 NE of E Tenth street,
NK3Bby BE 76, block 19, Clinton, East Oak
land; $10.
John B. Mann to R. G. Merer, lot on W line of
21 11 via street, 120 Nof Gilman, N 120 by W 135,
being lot 18, block 15, Map of Property of the
Berkeley Villa Association (re-record of book 417
of deeds, page 241), Berkeley : 500.
Reinhard G. and Harriet Meyer to Sarah C. Me-
Laugblin (wife of M. McLaughlln). lot on NW cor
ner of Mil via and Gilman streets, is 240 by W. 135,
being lots 8 and 9. block 15, Map of Property of
the Berkeley Villa Association, Berkeley; $10.
Anne M. and Hugh R. Fraser to George H. Ger
win. lot on S line of Vine street, 60 E of California,
]■; 100 by .-s 150. being lots 5 and 6. block 4, Wil
liam Schmidt Tract, Berkeley; $10.
E. A. and Martha J. Haines to Robert E. Dono
hue, lot 69 and W half of lot 60, block C, Fruit
vale Villa Tract, quitclaim deed, Brooklyn Town
ship: $5.
■ wnhelminaFranketo Anna Bruhn (wife of P.
i.). lot on S line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street,
479:6% Eof Grove, E 40 by S 100.55, being por
tion ot Collins Tract, subject ro a mortgage of
$160, Oakland: $10.
John H. Troy to Kate Troy, lot on W Una of
Kirkham street. 50 S of Niiii.li. S 50, W 118:5, N
50.E 118:1 to beginning, being lot 11 and S half
01 lot 9, map of Plat soft, Oakland; gift.
■ Eliza W. Morgan to Firs' Hebrew Congregation,
lot on N \V corner of Castro and Twelfth streets, N
100 by W 100, being lots 19 to 23, block 180, Oak
laud; *lI,OCO.
W. H. Cornell to George Roeth. lot on NW line
of Claremont avenue, 201:96 NE from point of
intersection of Claremont avenue with East
Telegrai h avenue, NJ-- 39.25. NW 71.80, W 71.86,
H 43, SE 19.77, NE 60.75 to beginning, block A,
Vicente Peralta Reservation Tract, Oakland Town
ship; $10. 
. Alton H. and M. E. Clough to V. M.wmith, lot
on SK corner of San Pablo avenue and right-of-way
of California and Nevada Railroad, thence S 28, X
141. N 138. W 200 to beginning, being portion of
Kimball Tract, Oakland Township, subject to a
mortgage for $1500; *10.
Same to some, lot commencing at a point In cen
ter of small creek on S line of .Watson Tract on
common . corner of Watson Tract ana lands for
merly of O. A. Jones, thence SK 1.50 chains, NE
2 chains, NE 3.27 Chains. NE 7.6o chains, NE 2.28
chains, NE 6.21 chains, NE 9.16 chains, NE 8.64
chains, NW 16.37 chains, SW 33.97 chains to be
ginning, being County survey No. 991, except
block 10, and lots 8 and 9, block 9, Jones Tract,
East Oakland: $10.
C. B. and Margaret L. Zabriskle to same. lot on
NE line of I'eralta avenue, 100 SE of Clinton ave
nue, SE 50 by NE 100. being the SW 100 feet Of
the NW i/> of lot 9, block 9, Jones Tract, East
Oakland: $10.
S. J. and Harriet X Loop to Charles Lamer. lot
beginning at a point on N line of lot 181, Enctnal
Park Tract, distant 150.15 E from point of inter
section of said line with East Caroline street,
thence S 50, E to a point NE to point where it in
tersects N line of lot IXI, thence W 61.25 to begin
nine, being portion of Enclnal Park Tract, Ala
meda: $10.
l harles and Minnie Lamer to Howard Havens,
lot on N line of San Antonio avenue, where same
Is intersected by dividing line between Chlprnan
East 111.687 acre tract and Fitch & Sharon Tract,
thence N 124.92 by E 86:6, portion of Enclnal
I'ark Tract, Alameda; $10.
Juana Zen (wife of G.) to Charles H. Dickinson,
lot on Nilne of Alameda avenue, 260:4 E of Wal
nut street, E 40 by N 150, Alameda; $10. "
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Cali^
7]o Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever)
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-530 Montgomery street
:orner Clay ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, opei
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
118 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF MEETINGS.
_T_F= CA"LIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 5, •
tt-- 5 ' R. A. M.. will meet THIS
(TUESDAY) EVENING. May 5.at7:301TV
o'clock. Stated meeting and R. A. degree. /VN
By order of the H. P. -  •;'
: FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
j__r» DORIC LODGE NO. 216, F. AND m
*>*' A. M.. 121 Eday street— The officers _J\
and members are hereby notified 10 Kttenrt"?? 2f
the funeral of our late brother, AUGUST
MARKEWITZ. at the lodgeroom on TUESDAY,
May 5. at 10 o'clock a. m. Master Masons are In-
vited. By order of the Master - >
_ A P _ H KRONBERG, Secretary.
Br_?» PACIFIC NO. 136, F. AND m
»— ' A. M.. 121 Eddy su— Slated meet- _*.
Ing THIS EVENING. 8 o'clock. lf»
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Sec. /V>
__?» GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30] _~
S*-*" F. ana K. M.— Stated meeting THIS A
(TUESDAY) EVENING. May 5, at iVY
o'clock. UKO. J. HQBK, Secretary. r^\
__=• ORIENTAL LOTKJP: NO. '144 F~ — JT~
i^- 5^ «i*l A. M.— Stated meeting THIS A
(TUUSIJAY) EVENING, at 8 o'clock! VV
•■■»■"• A. S. HUBBARP. Sec '/yN
_^_r* TO THE OFFICERS AND «~"
»-^ members of tho Austrian Benev-JS«Br_
oioiit Society— You are hereby notified lo£&isiCs
altenn your regular meetiii!; WEHNES-HEsBF
DAT KVKNI.Nc. May 6. at - your hall. r W* >
413-Sutter st. Each and every member la-re-
quested to be present for Important business and
finnl arrnn cement* for our grand picnic hiM re-
union with onr sister lodsc of San Jose. By order
" i"i™ :  M. »»CAJf ATICM. Pre.ident. "
A:»-WNr. Coyyic'H, Secretary. - ■
_3S 3 : an N UAL 31 e t£t ing.— th e regular
i^c^^^Tai^^^ntl^n 0^
££&} W|U bcnBl(1 »*- the office of the company
327 Market st., San Francisco, Cal., on TUESDAY
the 12th day of May. 1898. at the hour of 11 a m '
for the 1 uri-ose of electing a Board of. Directors to
serve for the ensuing year, and the transaction of
such other business as may come before the meet-
ing. 'Transfer-books will close on Friday May 1
at a F. M. K. It. SHELDON. Secretary. '
IKS 3 ANNUAL MKETING-THE REGULAR
HroS' annual .i.e. ting of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine bU, room 28, San Fran-
risco;. Cal.. 011 MONDAY, the 18th day of May
1896. at the hour of 1 clock p. M.. for the pu"r :
pos« of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and- the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meeting.
Transfer book* will close on Friday, May 15 1896
at 3 o'c ock r. m. r GKO. R." SPINNEY. Sec '
. Ofltee— mO___i »v, room '28, San Francisco, Cal.
|~> I CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA-
Sp3~THB WEEKLY CALL, sent toauy address
In the United Elites or Canada one year for $1 50
poatarfe free. ",••'■• ■• ■ -  . w ..
S PECIAL NOJICES"
JK^TSaD ■ TKX ANT« ' KJBCTBJB «4:
Et»*^. collections made, city or country. - Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st., room 6, Xel. 6580,
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
IRST-CLASS FRENCH COOK WISHES SIT-
J: uation: best references. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sntter st. . - ' ■"■ ' ■ " . ..'■•.■.
pOMPETENT WOMAN, WITH A GIRL OF 6,
"U desires situation; best references: $10: coun-
try: good cook. Hiss CULLEN, 523 Sntter sU
TjURST-CLASS COOKS, $25 TO $30: BEST
J? references: general housework girls, $15 to $25,
await situations, Call, address or telephone MISS
HICKEY. 1033 Post 8U ' . -,
/Terman" housework girl wants sit-
VJ uation in the country; competent Swedish
cook with good references; also a number of good
Irish, German, Scandinavian and French girls
await situations. For particulars telephone or ad-
dress MISS FLUNKETT, 424 Sutter SU
YOUNG LADY; Al STENOGRAPHER AND
X typewriter, will accept position: $8 to $10 per
week: owns machine. Address Earnest, box 49,
Call.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES PLACE AS
X chambermaid and laundress. Call 742 Howard.
MEW ENGLAND WOMAN WOULD LIKE
JLi work by the day washing, plain : ironing,
sweeping or general . housework. 651 Vi Howard
su, second floor. . -
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WISHES 81TUA-
O tlon to do upstairs work or waitress; Address
L. A., box 75, Call. •
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS PLAIN SEWING
X by the day; terms 50c and carfare. Address
£ box 132. Call Office.
T> ESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
XV tion to do general housework, plain cook and
laundress; many years' reference. Call or address
364 Jessie St., nr. Fifth.
ESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
wishes situation to do general housework or
take care or sick, or will keep house for widower
with children; quick. Apply 112i /3 Silver st. i
SITUATION AS HOUSEKEEPER WANTED
in hotel or boarding-house, by an English lady;
excellent cook. Address 947 Howard at.
Dressmaker! GOOD FITTER, WISHES
more engagements in families; 75c a day.
Address S. E., box 110. Call.
W OMAN WOULD LIKE GENTLEMEN'S
»» flannels to wash, also plain mending. '■ 929
Mission st.
13ELIABLE GIRL WISHES TO DO SEWING
XX, and dressmaking. Address 827 Ellis su
LDERLY WOMAN WANTS SITUATION IN
XU light housework: city or country: moderate
wages. Apply to 270 Minna st.
ELIABLE WOMAN WANTS SITUATION
XV as nurse; thoroughly experienced: best of city
references. Call or address 1618 Fulton st. '
OOK-BITUATION WANTED BY A FlRST-
clais cook; thoroughly experienced; honest
and reliable; In small family; city or country. Ad-
dress C. O , box 153, Call Office.
■yOUNG RELIABLE GERMAN GIRL WISHES
X any kind of work by the day. Please call 29
Minna st.
WOMAN WOULD LIKE GENTLEMAN'S
"' flannels to wash or would go out by the day
housecleanlng. Apply rear bouse, 869 Mission.
EXPECTABLE GIRL DESIRES SITUATION
to lake care of children and do plain sewing.
Appy for 2 days 263 Clementina sU, off Fourth.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG GIRL TO
do general housework. Call 3 days 117 Ellis.
pOMPETENT GERMAN GIRL WISHES SIT-
\J uation as cook in American family. Please
call a; 4 Twelf tn st. -...•. 
YOUNG GIKLS WOULD LIKE SITUATION
to assist In housework: reference. Call at 919
Na torn a, beu Tenth and Eleventh. _!__
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
V to do general housework: kind to children;
city or short distance in the country. 27% Fourth.
SITUATION WANTED BY A RESPECTABLE
person as cook and laundress or general house-
work; 4 years' city reference. Call 611 Valencia,
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
'" washing or housecleanlng. Apply 411 Polk.
COMPETENT, REFINED WOMAN WITH
V^ reference offers her services to invalid or fam-
ily going East or Europe for part her fare. E.
L . 10% Eighth su
CO M PEIENT GIRL WISHES A SITUATION
to do upstairs worK or care of children, city or
country. . 761 Mission su
pIRL, 15 YEARS, WISHES A SITUATION
VT to take care of a baby; prefer to sleep at home.
Please call 1053 Howard st. '
COMPETENT WOMAN WHO THOROUGHLY
v> understands good American cooking: would not
object to housework : kind to children; country pre-
ferred ; good city references. Call at 610 Jones su
Lady wants position as housekeep"
er or w^nld take charge or lodging-house;
plain sewing. 821 Mission St., room 3.
r OUNG GIRL WANTS A SITUATION; SEW-
X ing and mending and very light housework;
wages expected SlO. Address M. A., box 6, Call.
TJOSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER OR TO DO
X plain cooking or housework in private family.
Call 86 Ninth st.
YOUNG SWEDISH GIRL WISHES SITU \-
X tion to do general housework; sleep home. 742
Folsom su, bet Third and Fourth: no postals.
WIDOW. WITH a LITTLE GIRL. 7 YEARS
'» of age, desires a position as housekeeper or
chambermaid. Address Victor, box 89, this office.
LADY WISHES TO DO WASHING AND
J bousecleaDing by the day. Call A. R., 67
Clementina su
OOD COOK WISHES SITUATION IN PRl-
vate family : no objection to housework; across
the bay preferred; no cards. 2416 Clay st.
YOUNG LADY FROM THE EAST WISHES
X position as housekeeper for a bachelor. 1020
Market, room 20, second floor.
\\' INCHES ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$130 tos6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
THOROUGH NURSE WISHES SITUATION;
X 20 years' experience with infants and sick per-
sons; is a good seamstress, or would do chamber
work and assist In housework; home more of an
object than wages: good reference. Address
Nurse, box 19, Call Office.
t"""irkt-class dressmaking done by
X 1 the day or at home; reasonable. 1004 Market
6U, room 6. |
W OMAN FROM THE EAST WITH A CHILD
*' 6 years old .would like a situation to do cook-
Ing or general housework. Address D., box 149,
this office.
pERMAN WOMAN WANTS POSITION AS
VX working housekeeper or as first-class cook
in German family. Call 937 Mission st.
Respectable WOMAN, WOULD like a
XV place by the day or month. Please call for 2
days at 677 Harrison su
RESSMAKER LATELY FROM THE EAST
would like a few more engagements; terms
reasonable. 915V 3 Howard st. _.
EFINED EDUCATED YOUNG LADY
would like the charge of 1 or 2 well-behaved
children. Address W. 8., box 101, Call.
ADY CAN CONFIDENTLY RECOMMEND
middle-aged Swedish girl to take entire charge
of children or nurse to invalid lady. Address C. C.
box 76, Call. • . " .
IP IRST-CLASS MILLINER WOULD LIKE EN-
£ gagementa by the aay in private families. Ad-
dress M., box 16. Call Office. '
REFINED GERMAN LADY DESIRES POSl-
tion as companion or attend invalid; good
reader; about 10: years" experience: will also go as
maid and seamstress: good sewer in all branches;
city or country. Call or address 806 Union st.
WOU LD LIKE FEW~MOR"E~ENGAGEMENTS
» ' in families for millinery and dressmakiog: am
quite skillful In making over millinery. M. A..
box 32, Call Office, ,
WOMAN DESIRES SITUATION TO DO
■»» general housework: city or country. Address
1508% Sacramento st.
A~"merican widow wishes GOOD
steady place as housekeeper; no trifiers. Ad-
dress MRS. L. HENRY, 337 Seventeenth su, bet.
Mission and Valencia.
YOUNG* LADY WANTS A SITUATION AS
X housekeeper; : city preferred. Apply 120 V*
Geary st.. room 10. ■.-■..
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
JW. JIM, CHINESE AND JAPANESjTkm^
. ploytm-nt office, 637 Commercial aU, tel.
black 1281.
HUNTER & CO., CHINESE A D JAPAN-
ese employment ofiice, 17 Webb si., below
Kearny. bet. California and . Sacramento, tel. 231.
pHINESK ■ AND j"XPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLKYACO.. 640 Clay.
C.«>. COOK'ti «w«.\ SUPPLIES C.OOKS; ALL
.branches -.short notice. 14 Geary, tel. Gram 43.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; beat help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 80.
CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
/' office; best help. 414% O'yarrell; tel. E. 426.
pOMPETENT, MIE ADY GERMAN WANTS
\J situation as coaenman: good driver: also good
gardener; can . milk; generally useful: city or
country; references. Address Coach, box 144, Call.
MAN AND WIFE, NEW ENGLAND PEOPLE,
-»X private place; man understands rare horses,
cattle and grounds, general work: wife excellent
cook and housekeeper; reference. Address M. W.'.
box 154, Cull Office. :.■...._
WANTKD- POSITION BY MAN WHO CAN
'» do any kind of work ; 3 years' reference a*
coachman. Worker, box 108. Call Office,
ORCHARD SUPERINTENDENT. 15 YEARS'
Californlan experience, practical- and s ener-
getic, open for engagement: orchard, vines, stock
and general farming: Al references. Address
Ranch, 3121,4 Fulton st.
C'IOACHMAN, ENGLISH, THOROUGHLY UN-
\J derstands his business, also garden and cows-
nrst-claßs Eastern and California references. Ad-
dress NED. 1649 Everett at., Alameda, Cal.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
''Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms; 25c to $1 .10 . per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free^>us and baggage to and from the ferry.
VI AN AND wife (GERMAN) STEADY. AND
-«■*■ reliable, wish a situation in country; on a pri-
vate place preferred: man do milking, care of
horses, cows. *-tc: wife do housework, cookinc
etc. -; Address C. 8.. box 74, this office. ■ w *'"«'
pOOD , MACHINE AND ALL AROUND
aVjgg^cg/'o'iHci 1 "*-' 0 -'- '! can or * ddrega
LJELIABLE MAN . WANTS SITUATION- TO
XV make himself generally useful, around private
R la^ e^«5 t * ad ' ftnd reliable. Address G. «., box 46,
Call Office. ".iwi*o,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
HOLLO! HOLLO!. YOUNG SCOTCHMAN
must have work within 48 hours. Address
H.H., box 6, Call Office. - ■■■'■- -■■■■'-■■
OUN'G MAN RAISED TO HARDWARE,
X mechanics' tools, etc. , desires position at once;
not afraid of work. Address H. M.. box 6, Call.
OOD HOUSE PAINTER: MUST HAVE
work: w ll work cheap: city or country. Call or
address PAINTER, 711 California St., room 9.
tjvngTn c c r". thoroughly under-
Xli stands dynamos, compound, condensing or
non-condensing engines, wants position - refer-
ences given. Address N. C., box 15, Call Office.
"DLACKSMITH: ALL-ROUND BLACKSMITH
X> and shoer desires work. Address E. A., box
67. this office. '■-*•"■
ERRAND-BOY, WELL RECOMMENDED.
621 Valencia st.
YOUNG MAN, TRAVELING PARTNER,
X rustler; something new. RAND. 460 Minna sU
TTPHOLSTERKR AND MATTRESS MAKER
«-' wants work: carpet-laying, repairing, etc; ,
$1 60 a day. Address Upholsterer, box 143. Call.
JAPANESE. BOY WISHES A SITUATION
O either In private family or In • lodging-house.
Address E. M., box 78, this office. -
BARBERS— MAN, BARBER, WISHES
steady job; city or country. Address S. 8.,
1628 Park at.. Alameda.
YiriNCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms; 26c to $1 60 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. .
W' ANTED — BY A THOROUGH ALL-
round dry goods and furnishing goods man, a
position either on the road or in the house; over
10 years' experience in Southern California, Ari-
j:ona, New Mexico and Colorado; references fur-
nished ; wages no object till ability is proven. Ad-
dress^ A. 8., 136 Main St., City. ■
ARBERS— GOOD BARBER WANTS WORK
XJ for $10 per week; city or country. Address
Barber, box 29, Call Office.
ej^n YOUNG MARRIED MAN WANTS
*iPOyj. position In wholesale-house or office; ex-
perience: references and bonds; will pay $50 to
one securing. Address R. S., box 68, Call Ofiice.
pARDENER WISHES PLACE WiTH PRI-
vl vate family: middle-aged: single. Address J.
O. C, box 163, Call Office.
CITUATIONWANTE~b BY A YOUNG, SOBER,
O steady confectioner; best references. Address
C 8.. 123-129 Eddy sU '
COMPETENT HOUSE- PAINTER. WITH
tools, wants work by the day or piecework ;
city or country. Painter, 23 Pleasant su
"VTOUNG GERMAN CARPENTER AND CABI-
X net-maker, with tools, wants situation: is will-
Ing to do any kind of work. Please call or address
120 Valley st., bet. Twenty-eighth and Twenty-
ninth. . .
IjURST-CLASS FRENCH CHEF. RECENTLY
from the East, with best references, wishes
situation in large hotel or restaurant, or In good
family. Address LEON ANDRE. 315 Stockton.
ANTED— BY MAN AND WIFE A STEADY
place on ranch : man is firs-class blacksmith
and horseshoer, good woodworker; also can run en-
gine and do general f Arming; wife is good and sav-
ing cook; capable of taking entire charge of ranch.
Address G. C. L. T.. box 101, Call Office.
ITUATION WANTED— FIRST-CLASS PR AC-
O tical circular sawyer or band; can file own cir-
cular saws: best of references; also good mill
carpenter. Address Sawyer, box 106, Call Office.
\\T ANTED— SITUATION AS CASHIER OR
'» assistant bookkeeper; the applicant Is moral
and strictly attentive to business; best ot refer-
ences. Address X., 2310 Stelner su, S. F.
ELIABLE YOUNG MAN WISHES TO
-IV learn brick-laying. Call or address 1032
Hampshire.
THIRST-CLASS COOK WANTS PLACE; GOOD
X 1 references. H. ROBINSON, 1426 Mason st.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
QECOND GIRL, COUNTRY, $25; NURSE, $20;
C? German nurse, $25: nurse and seamstress, $20:
15 housework girls, city, $20 and $25: 6 young
girls: assist, $10 to $16. MISS CULLEN, 323
Sutter st.
VI IDDLE-AGED GERMAN WOMAN WAIT
-LX on invaiid lady, $15. MISS CULLEN. 323
Sutter su >
"r~~ERMANOR SWEDISH COOK, OAKLAND,
U $30. MISS CULLEN, 333 Butter st.
"VTURSE, CHILD 4 YEARS, COUNTRY, $15.
-Li MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st. -.
WOMAN. WITH A CHILD, $10, OAKLAND.
MISS CULLEN, 323 sutler su
REFINED YOUNG N"URSEOIRL FOR COUN-
XX try: $12. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter sU
f FRENCH OR GERMAN COOK; $30. MISS
J CULLEN, 323 Sutter
ANTED— PROTESTANT CHAMBERMAID.
'• Scotch preferred, private family, $25; cook,
small wash, $30: girl for cooking and housework,
short dlKlance in country, 830: 2 cooks In boarding-
houses, $30 and $40: 2 German and Protestant
second girls. $20 and $25 ; seamstress and nurse,
$20; 3 restaurant waitresses, $20, and a largo
number of girls for all kinds of work In cltv and
country. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 312 ntter'sU
ANTED— A GERMAN CHAMBERMAID
»» and seamstress, $25; Protestant nurse for 3
children, $25; waitress aud parlor-maid, San Jose,
$25; girl for general housework and cooking for
family of 2, $30: first-class cook, private family,
$35; nurse. •_ children, $20; 10 good housework
girls, $25 and $20 for city; also a number of elrls
to (111 situations in the country at wages from Sl5
to $30. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter.
\\T ANTED— STRONG YOUNG NURSE~FOR
»» infant for country. Apply MISa K. PLUN-
KEIT, 424 Sutter su
WOMAN FOR GENERALHOUSEWORK FOR
io,o Nap *'* 18: fare paid. Apply MISS HICKEY,
1033 Post st.
GERMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN SECOND
r girl, • $20; cook, private family, country, $20,
fare paid; middle-aged woman, nousework. coun-
try, $15, ana other places. MURRAY A READY,
634 Clay st. •
PROTESTANT GIRL OR WOMAN. CHAM-
berwork and waiting, plain hotel, near city
$10, see party here. MURRAY A READY, 634
Clay st.
\\r ED-FRENCH OR GERMAN COOK,
'» $30; French nurses, $20 and $15: chamber-
maid, hotel, $16; waitress, restaurant, $5 a week-
Klrls for ho work and assist, $20, $15 and $10.
LEON ANDRE, 315 lock ton at.
I MUST-CLASS COOK, CITY HOTEL. $40-
German cook, country hotel, $.10, see party
here; waitress, boarding-house, city, $15 and room •
2 waitresses, same, country hotel, $20: French
nurseßirl for hotel, $16: German nurseglrl, $15 to
$20: Scandinavian chambermaid, summer resort
$20. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 119 Geary st.
ANTED- WOMAN Cl >OK, FAMILY HOTEL!
»> $40. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
ANTED — COOK. PLAIN BOARDING-
" house, $25: 2 cooks, Jewish family; German
second girl, $20. 20 Stockton st.
OUSEGIRL; SHORT DISTANCE IN CO UN"
try: family of 2; no washing; wages $20- 6
girls forgenl housewk, city : $20 to $26. 316 Sutter.
FIRST-CLASS TAILOR-FINISHER, WHO
makes good buttonholes, on ladies' coats. A.
CAILLEAU, 46-48 Geary su, cor. Grant aye.
EAT GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK AND As"
slst In kitchen. 1218 a Fulton, near Devisadero.
I ( "INIMIKRS AND BUTTON lIOLE-M A
. custom coats; steady. 291 Natoma, nr. Fourth.
G"i IRL TO ASSIST IN LIGHT HOC WORK 7
VT call eariy. 110 Freelon su, off Fourth.
GOOD OPERATOR WANTED ON PANTS-
aIso apprentices. 1018 Howard su
WANTED-FIRST-CLASS FINISHER ON
vests. 1 104 1/2 Folsom st.
p IRL TO ASSIST IN" LIGHT HOUSEWORK"
VJ care of baby ; $& 1508 Fulton st. . - ■-
GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSEWORK. AP-
ply at 1206 O'Farrell aU after 9 O'clock.
9 A GIRLS IMMEDIATELY Tv CUT CLOTH 7
4j\J must furnish, own shears; wages $2 per week!
Apply at 9 Stevenson su, top loft.
H? ANTED— TAILORESS TO WORK ON CUS-
tom coats. 708 Bush St., near Powell.
XPERIENCED COOK: ALSO URSEGIRL
willing to co to the country. 738 Ellis st.
WANTED — A PANTS FINISHER AT 697
Mission St., second floor.
"MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
t'A Winchester House, 44 Third at., near Market-
-200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
l\r ANTED — A YOUNG GIRL IN SMALL
*» family tor general housework; small wages,
but a good home. 1423 Valencia st. .
ELDERLY WOMAN OR YOUNG GIRL, AS-
slst with housework and children. E. W., box
47, Call. ■ . .. .
pERMAN GIRL FOR . GENERAL HOUSE-
vJ work. 1629 Turk su
GIRL : FOR GENERAL : HOUSEWORK IN
T small, family; wages $10. 1610 St. Charles
St., near Bay station, Alameda . - .
A PPRENTICE ON CUSTOM COAT& 14 Mo-
-i*. Alll«Ler St., room 19. . - . . ,
SKIRT AND WAIST HAND WANTED AT
once. 1411 Lyon st. , . ..,, *
ANTED-GERMAN-AMERICAN GIRL TO
assist generally in large 'bakery. • Address
BAKER, box 149. this office. ■
GIRL TO ASSIST IN GENERAL HOUSE- ',
work. " 20 Albion avenue, bet. Sixteenth and
Seventeenth and Valencia and Guerrero. l - - 1 - •>■■
WANTED— IO SMART - LADIES OF GOOD
»* appearance to canvass In the city for salary.
Apply at once tc U. s. Industrial Agency, room
167, Crocker building. , 1
_ STHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
-^- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
AIRDRES.sING, 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes: 10 lessons, sl 60. 1248 Mission.
* PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
x_ ting and making. 14 McAllister, nns67 and 63.
ANTED — PUPILS ; FOR MILLINERY
'» » school; course thorough, practical ; satisfaction
guaranteed; reasonable. 410 Leaven worth st.
k"e"""""~makjng~" CUTTING and fitting
XJ taught; now styles: ' perfect fitting patterns
25r pp.- MCDOWELL Academy. 21!» Powell st.
■":.;■.--, male ■; H__P.;. wanted. :. '
aBtrlTco^k~a^d~bXk^r7^ir"s^i>clua^
x hotel, $66 ; head porter and runner for summer
resort, $20 to $25: ■ pastry ■ cook ' and ■ assist on
range for a resort, $35 to $40; - dishwasher, $20;
vegetable-man. $20, fora resort; 3. hotel waiters.
i $30. , C. R. HAN SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
Crt C\C\(\ REDWOOD TIES TO CUT. TOOLS
UV. \J\J\J and food fonnd. call early and see boss
here; 6 farmers and laborers; blacksmith. $40 and
found; farmer and wife; boy for ranch. MURRAY
& READY, 634 and 636 Clay sU
(I WAITKR S. HOTELS AND RESTAURANTS.
yj $30 to $35: 3 cooks, $45 to $65 ; German second
cook, $25 to $30: ranch cook. $20. MURRAY A
READY. 634 and 636 Clay ■
W ANTED-MILKER, $20 TO $25, SEE BOSS
' * .°. ere: 4 more woodmen, $26; 3 quartz miners,
$» 50 to $2 75 day; copper-plate printer; German
boy for bakery," $15; lunch waiter; German bar-
keeper, and others. J. F. CROSETT _ CO., 628
Sacramento st. -.._
Y\r ANTED— DRIVER FOR MILKWAGON IN
»» city. $30 and found, must be American, -in-
gle and have references American milker, same
dairy, $25; 2 milkers, $20: boy on ranch, near
city. $10 a month and good home; also farmers,
teamsters, tiemakers. cooks, waiters and dish-
washers. W. D. EWER A CO., 626 Clay st.
W ANTED -SECOND COOK, GERMAN, $60;
»• German butler, $36; bellboy, $15; German
dishwasher, $15., etc. LEON ANDRE, 315
Stockton at.
3QUAKTZ-MINERS: STEADY WORK; $3 A
«-> day. R. T. WARD A CO., 608 and 610 Clay st.
WANTED— SINGLE MAN FOR
» » poultry farm; must have bad experience in
raising chickens on large scale: must know how
to milk: wages $20; good steady place. Address
■X.. box 91, call OfflceT
V OUNG MAN; EXPERIENCED DRY GOODS,
x clothing and shoes; country. Room 7, Flood
building. .-»",' ■■.
YOUNG MAN FOR GROCERY AND BAR;
X must understand his business, have first-class
references and be able to take care of 1 horse. In-
qulre between 8 and 10 at 901 Post st.
THIRST-CLASS LACE SALESMAN WANTED
X by first-class house: call at once; also boy to
take position in wholesale house; good chance for
reliable boy who wants to work up In the business.
Apply to U. 8. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building. ..-.«...
\\r ANTED— EXPERIENCED BOOKKEEPER
" and general office man in shipping-office; no
attention will be paid to applicants not giving full
particulars as to a;e, experience and salary re-
quired. Address in own handwriting Shipping,
box 130, Call Office.
WATCHMAKER'S APPRENTICE OF GOOD
"" family to learn business thoroughly. Apply
129 Montgomery aye.
pOATMAKBR FUR" COUNTRY. REISS
\J BROS.. -^6 Sntter st.
OY TO LEARN PRINTING TRADE; GOOD
opportunity. ORMSBY, 636 Clay St.
TRISHMAN, 35 TO 45 YEARS;, PRIVATE
X place; $20. J., box 6, this office.
WANTED— LIVE, ENERGfcTIC AGENTS:
* ' ladies and gents; can make good wages: some-
thing new. Call 305 Sprecicels bldg. to-day.
OUNGMAN OR BOY TO LEARN BARBER'S
X trade. 427 San Pablo aye., Oakland.
ANTED— DISHWASHER AT 166 SECOND
' ' at., near- Howard; call at 6 o'clock.
OYS FROM 15 TO 17 YEARS OF AGE
-*-> wanted. Apply at 200 Sutter St.
W ANTED — DISHWASHER. 407 MASON
' ' su, rear, call at 7. ";
WANTED— FIRST-CLASS SHOP BUTCHER.
U 3bOB Mission st. :
"YY'" ANTED —PRESSMAN ON CUSTOM
"* pants." 4111/, Kearny st., second floor. 1
SHOEMAKER WANTED ON REPAIRING.
1016 Howard st. . -:•
p ood waiter WANTED. 135 fifth ST.
"WANTED— STEADY BARBER. 207% POLK
INCH ESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
*» Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CALIFORNIA
meets every Tuesday night. Alcazar bid, 4th fl.
BARBER BOSSES' PROTECTIVE ASSOCI-
XJ ation meets at 102 O'Farrell sU this evening,
at 8 : 30 o'clock. All in favor of early closing should
attend. J. M 1 TT, Secretary.
ARBERS — OLD-ESTABLISHED SHOP
• ' with baths, In mining town, for sale. DECK-
ELM AN BROS., 108 Ellis au
GOOD 4-CHAIR BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE
In Oakland. Call 623 Clay St.. city.
W ANTE D— ST AD V, TRUSTWORTHY
"» partner in restaurant; receipts $26; sure In-
crease; small capital required: guaranteed 976
monthly each. oTENBERG CO., 632 Markeu
WANTED — STEADY, RELIABLE MAN,
»" with $150, as partner In genteel business that
will pay to each $20 to $25 per week: city trade
only. STANLEY, 21 V 2 Third sU .
pERMAN GIRL WAN iS A PARTNER IN
VX cash retail butter, eggs, smoked meats, deli-
cacies business, with $100 capital; must be Indus-
trious and make himself useful in store; $50 and
board guaranteed. Apply 2016 Market su
PARTNER WITH A FEW DOLLARS TO IN-
crease paying business. Owner, box 15, Call
Office. _^ "^^'^
ARTNER FOR WORKING PROPOSITION
with $76. P.. box 18, Call Office.
BARBER-SHOP FOR SALE IN SAN JOSE
very cheap. Deckelman Bros., 106 Ellis st.
WANTED— IO GENTLEMANLY APPEAR-
• » ing men as canvassers on a selling article lot
salary. Apply a l , once to U. S. Industrial Agency,
room 167, Crocker building. ■
QHOEMAKERS ON MEN'S NAILED AND
0 repairing. 959 Howard st. ■
A 1 ASKA GOLD FIELDS: A FAST SAILING
-i~i- vessel will oe dispatched by the San Francisco
and Alaska Gold Mining Co. on or about Wednes-
day May 20. for Cooks . Inlet direct: will carry
freight and a limited number of passengers; fare
$50, including board and 200 pounds baggage.
For further particulars apply to FRED HOLMES,
606 Battery St., _ F. .
\\r ANTED — STOCK .BRICK MOLDERS. IN-
* quire at 803 Folsom st., In shoe store.
p ENTLEMAN WELL ACQUAINTED IN
VI city can find profitable employment by ad-
dressing (J., box 95, this office.
\ EW WALDO HOUM-;. 765 MISSION. BET.
-»-> 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c; week $1 to $2 60; clean, quiet reading-room:
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; BOT-
• tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents,
"DOOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 50c TO $1 60
■it per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm sU
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st.. clerks and laborers to call If they do
not rrreive their just dues; no charge unless suc-
cessful; suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
VY r ANTED- MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER
) '» trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue senu S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
pLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
V^ ac'ta adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, tel. m. 353.
IV O URQ CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER;
.!-» Instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter
CALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 60:
I half-solelng 25c up. 969 Howard sU, nr. Sixth.
W ANTE AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
* » some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN A f'O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 Inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY— SINGE ROOMS, 15. 20 AND
25 cents per night: $1. $1 25, SI 60 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and LeideAtiorff sta.
W' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
erscfcclerna. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
BARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BEC-
XJ retarr Barbers' A ago., 325 Grant are. 8. FUCHB.
ARBERS 1 PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment. secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy. P.O. Hamann, 238 y a O'FarrelU
I IN DELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
-» ' ata; single furnished ran 76c week, 15c nighu
TUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
*J Pacific st., below Kearny; lodging half price, 6c.
I Or, 16c pr night iclean beds, sunny rooms.no bunks
"LHm THE BEST AND CLEANEST 10-CENT
x meal try 13yfr Grant aye.; coffee a specialty.
W ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»' to know that F.d Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third au; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
'» SU; 200 rooms; beat in the city, single rooms
20 and 26c a night, «1 a week: meals 10c. •
TV f EN'S %-SOLING 60c: LADIEV 4UC: DONS
■m. while yon wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
1 ()() MK >" TU TAKE LODGING AT 100, 16c
XVV and 2Oc • nigntj including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington su. near Kearny. "
W K ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR'
' * your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with our new machines we can do your work
■tone-half the usual price;- done while you walu
D6J Mission BU, between First and Second sti
MEN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep iv _"
MEN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. SOME
•»X nearly new. 25c to $1 25. . 662 Mission.
LCHO HOUSK, 863V^ MARKET STV^
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to $5 week.
JIREK BEER-TWO SCHOONERS. FOR 6c:
also a bottl «of lager, sc, at 637 Clay su
r PRY ACME llul , Vii7.*— ARKET ST...BE-
-1 low Sixth, for room: 2.V* a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
» » T-»ek; rooms for two. 25c a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally paiK.rt-"^ 36 Clay su
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED-AN: earnest CANVASSER
"for the -Earth Girdled,", by Dr. Talmage: the
most remarkable book of the century. Apply 1031
Market, room D, from 10 to 12.
we want AGENTS for LEATHER sus.
' '. pendera: good terms. 1332 Sacramento SU.S.F.
GOOD ARTICLE FOB A LIVE AGENT.
Address WIKSTKR <fc CO., san Francisco.
HOUSES WA.NTED. :
CARB OF FURNISHED HOUSE OR LODG-
/ ing-house wanted by mother and son. " Address
J. H.. box 14, mis office. r .
VV A IN ROSS VALLEY, FOR JUNE
" and July, " a well-furnished bouse of 10 or 12
rooms. , Address, with price and particulars, 1358
FERSONAXS.
pAUTION— I WILL NOT BE RESPONSIBLE
i \J for any debts contracted in my name without a
written order. JAMES O'DWYER. s -,
ADVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
clalty; private; no charsre unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills. <1e»d«, etc, at-
i«nded ta G.W. HOWE, 850 Market st
PICTURE-FRAMING WITH GLASS 7x9
X inches, 10c; Bxlo and 10x12. 15c: 11x14 and
12x16, 20c: 14x17, 25c; 16x20, 30c; 18x22, 35c;
20x24, 45c; 22x28, 60c. JONES, 647 Mission St.
AIRSTORE, . 108 POWELL — REMOVAL
sale: everything to be sold below cost. MISS
A. V. DOYLE will remove to 119 a Powell at.
ELECTRIC~~LJGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
NOLTE PAYS CASH FOR OLD GOLD.
. 222 O'Farrell st.
AZUR FIXING OUR SPECIALTY: FINE
edge on razor, 25c. Exchange, 630 Market su
KTROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
« dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
ARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: Instructors, J. H. E. Partlngion. Gertrude
Panlngton.R.L.Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine st
DR. DUCKETT, 1703 PO*T ST.. NEAR BU-
cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
'•rpHK" ONLY SUPERIOR WHITE-ENAMEL
X letters and bouse numbers; wholesale and re-
tall. 307 O'Farrell at.. S. F.
HAIR DRESSED, WAVED, FACE MADE UP,
XX 26c; shampoo, 26c: manicure, 25c; lessons
given: face preparations. MRS. BUTLER.I3I Post.
LOW PRICE — 25c FOR HAIRDRESSING
does not mean Inferior work in my case; I
have the very best artists in the city in my em-
ploy ana 1 give the most ' satisfactory and up-to-
date service. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
CUTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
/ Geary, removed from Larkln st. to 119 Stock-
ton; flrst-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUP.
ffljl A KOOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THJB
«g?X floor. 206 Leaven worth si.
IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
ry night cor. Market and Sixth sta. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of bust-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market sU
MA THE COMMERCIAL TRANSFER
Company will move your trunk for 26 cents.
Office 43 Sutter aU, phone main 49. SAM.
DR. FRANK CORNWALL. REMOVED FROM
227 Geary to V.M.C. A. bldg.r. 2,tel.maln 6477.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
Hair Wash; cures scalp diseases: take no other.
(CHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
..' for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 635 McAllister su
OLD GOLD. BILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing boughu COLMAN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINERY, RED FRONT.
X 40, 46 Sixth; children's school hats 6c; dyed,
pressed 25c; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled sc.
1 MOO CARDS, $160: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
X y tyjyj teL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary sU, r. 39.
T IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc : lowest rates. .948 Market gU . > .
LOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
infra" coaL Factory. 20 Hansome bu. upstairs.
pHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post-
age free.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
XJ lawn $1 up. 505% Natoma sU. above sixth.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
A- — : — ' : — a— : A
60 eta and $I—so cts and $I— socts and $1.
THE WONDERS OF THE CENTURY.
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERE,
1728 MARKET ST.,
Have consolidated their interests In order to bet-
ter handle their constantly increasing business.
The professors during their long residence in -an
Francisco have met with unprecedented success. ,
They could refer you to people all over the world for
testimonials as to their worth, but it is not neces-
sary to search the| extremities of the earth
when they can refer you to thousands in your midst
who have been made prosperous and happy
through their wise advice: ask your prosperous
neighbor who started him aright. Investigate and
you will find that your business rival is one of their
many patrons.
'•Nothing succeeds like success." and If yon
would be successful call on them without delay : It
costs practically nothing: 00c and $1. 50 c and $1.
60c and $1. 60c and $1, 50c and $1 is their price
at present," no more than you would pay an un-
known clairvoyant or a partially developed
medium. . ■ .
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. . Busi-
ness, speculation, Investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and causes speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and burled treasures, find lost
or stolen property. Interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil Influences In half the
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none oat-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember the professors' communications come
direct from the Spirit World, hence their inabil-
ity to be mistaken in any matter.
. Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to 8 p. m. Sundays 2 to 6 r. m.
Letters containing stamps answered.
PROFS. EUGENE A VAN DE VERE.
■;?/.- 1728 Market su
DVICE and" '
assistance to all.
When yon wlsn to consult a true disciple of
clairvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNEi.LE 1? the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clairvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives Infalllnle and
correct advice on all business matters, aids you
In love, brings about happy marriage and success
jln life. He reveals to you just what you want to
i know. Others -may . have failed you: Professor
Carnelle never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours, 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors. 220
Eddy sU .
P.AC ANDSI 50c AND $1.
OU PROF. C. LEON, 1007 Market si., nr. Sixth.
Marvelous power; valuable advice on all affairs;
letters with stamp answered; hours 9 t • 8.
MINNIE ADAMS — TALENTED PALMIST
and life-reader. 43 Minna st.
MX. LENEMAR — FORTUNES TOLD BY
planets: predicted In '74 passengers of over-
due steamer on Island. 11 Taylor at., room 10.
GYPSY LItE-READER; LADIES, 26c";
VJ gents, 50c : readings daily except Sun. 5 7th.
ME. PORTER, CARD-READKR; TELL 3
pasu preaenu future: ladles 60c, gents $I-
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 50. 126 Turk su
VI ME. LEGETTE: PRESENT. PAST AND FU-
■m ture. 25c 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
ME. STEWART: GREATEST CARD READ-
au erand Clairvoyant In world; seventh daughter:
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsuits
marriage; ladles or gents 60c. 917 Markeu 3 and 4.
ME. EXODIUS. CLAIRVOYANT, rY-
moved to 1003 Mission »t.. nr. Sixth; fee 50c.
MME. BYBILLE TELLS FROM CRADLJSTO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell aU
"R^XH KNBI>I WORLD-RENOWNED MME.
Xt SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
TMKS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
•"X dlum and card-reader. 132 Turk sU
M M h K- AU £ D £. Bt:ST *"°KTUNE TELLER IN
„„, the world; 100I 00 and $1. shows you the Dictureof
>onr future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
TV I ME .DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
*!•.".? .***" • nd cards; tells. entire life, past,
presenu future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing execpted, , names given; - good advice: sure
£n.«i : ? res J, os " love by sympathy; mistake Im-
posstble: fee $1; letter »2. 929 Post St.. nr. I Ark in.
SPIRITUALISM.
M IKHl KH . R 1 n N * ;R: ARLOR TEST CIRCLE
MX to-night, 10c; sittings dally. 811 Van Ness aye.
TYOnvn 01 ™.^ A TO-NIGHT, 10c, MME.
X YOUNG, 605 McAllister. Skeptics Invited.
A D r,at'£n SWAIN RETURNED; WILL SEE
■£*■ patrons to-day, 10 a.m. to 8 p.m. 1055 Market.
Al^nJ* iv WHITHB *. CLAIRVOYANT
_^_^f_gca_medtnm: sittings $1. 21 8 Stockton su
ATTORNEYS- AT-LAW.
A^Y.i 1^ FREE -*>IVORCE LAWS A~SPEc£
law «ni?L' p Me : no charge unless successful; all
tended £ ai BM. coiiections, wllls - deeds, etc.. at*
tended to. o. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Markeu
Li. rt^m HILLI U< 8- AND "TATB COURTS'
c_M__f_r_i-." a llss aw of Probate and divorce;
charges moderate. Oflices. 508 California sU
M m, t W X ' ATTOENEY-AT-LAW. 719
-"-■■. Market su; advice tree.
x . law, advicejree. 24 S.xth su, rooms 14, 15.
W . California st.. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
' « California su. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
;[_' SEWING-MACHINES. ~~
ROOMS WANTED. ~—
T?LDERLY. LADY WISHES^" UNFURVISTt'
dns c s 1 9 r ?3°'Ntn:i t^, fi t r^; aCe in E ""*» V%' &
WANTED.
TJOARD WA^TE^N^RT^^F^iiAiß^FTr'
T.vZZgiMffi&l ?|e»'»Per day. Addresi
_I^^JJ V J^ T^P- TO - LEASE.
WANTED-MISCELLANEOIJS^
r~> «v/ u» a. _i_in. 109 Sixth au ; send postal.
BUSINESS CHANCES. _^
S'^nA"""B^T^uiRANT^MA^UFACTyKING
$700. district: receipts SCO to $60 dally ; low
rent; disagreement of partners cause of selling; a
sure bargain. JOHNSTON, 26V 3 Kearny sU „
OARPENTER-SHOP, ESTABLISHED TEN
U years- very central; good trade; - machines,
benches, stock on hand, etc; selling on account of
departure; a snap. Apply 26% Kearny st.
(U»O-A COALY ARD, HORSED, WAGONS,
ttfiiiOU. building, stock, etc.; 5 years ground
lease; rent a bargain. 26% Kearny at. .
II I'VE PAYING SALOON AND LUNCH-
house in wholesale district; fixtures, large stock,
etc.: will sacrifice; make offer. 26% Kearny at.
IpiNE-PAYING CIGAR-STORE MA RKET
1 St.- -value in sight: clearing $4 dally over ex-
penses: make offer. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny.
morn PARTNER; LIGHT MAN UFACTUR-
«Jp»)OU. ing business: full value in sight; good
reasons for selling; established trade. 26% Kearny.
O SELL YOUR BUSINESS RIGHT AWAY
see or send to STANLEY', 21% Third st.
171 OR SALE— OF THE BEST CASH
1 businesses in the State: no evening or Sunday
work; apply at once. STANLEY, 21% Third st.
_ I fjr BRANCH BAKERY. COFFEE PAR-
tfcl_O. lor, delicacies. STANLEY, 21% Third.
*~)f\(\ COFFEE AND LUNCH PARLOR;
t|p_Uv/. good business. STANLEY, 21% Third.
<_Q*^rt RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION:
tJJ)_t/U. 2 rooms; well fitted suite for man and
wife or 2 partners; great bargain. STANLY,
21% 'Ihirdat. > .
_»sim GROCERY AND BAR; GOODTRADE;
i£)Z.Oyj. rooms; low rent. STANLEY.2IV 2 Third.
\rt r RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCALITY;
tjP'tr I «J. receipts $20 day: low rent. 21% 1 bird.
IGARS. NOTIONS. .LAUNDRY OFFICE;
Xj good trade; must sell. STANLEY, 21% Third.
15" YOU WANT TO SELL OR BUY A BUSI.
ness quick see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall ave-
~_T7*7~j CIGAR-STORE, DOING NICE BUSI-
"rIDu. ness: complete stock of high-grade
goods: cheap rent and good locality; investigate
this snap at once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"S»"TF7~" 2 HORSES AND WAGON ROUTE,
♦iPTuJI/. paying $100 a month; will stand the
fullest investigation; selling on account of more
extensive business: well worth double; investors
see this bargain. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<gjO(\AA FINE grocery BUSINESS; 2
tJpOv/V/v/. horses and wagons; doing $76 per day
business; paying well; ■ fine locality; only object
for selling going back to Europe; investigate this
fine place. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
d>l Rflft FINE "NEWSPAPER ROUTE OF
iIPIOUu. all the newspapers of San Francisco
and also news-stand and magazine depot paying
at present above all expenses $120 per month, in
the finest northern town In the State, T. LUBEL-
SKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<a» 97 f: barber-shop, LAUNDRY OFFICE
<!?•" I O. and cigar-store with 2 fine living-rooms
and yard: cheap rent, Rood locality and doing well :
must sell on account of ill health: full investikra-
tion. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<£»19?; MCE RESTAURANT: GOOD LO-
O 1 — «J. callty: cheap rent; must sell at once: a
bargain. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"*ijjT"?:rm half-interest IN NEW PAT-
VpXOyJVJ. ent nlckel-in-slot machine: superior
to all others; field to place hundreds: rare chance
for right party to devote his entire time and make
bit; money; Investigate this chance and see ma-
chine. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
"VTOTICE — TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS
— promptly for cash. HEALY &CO., 23 Kearny.
CjQ^fin GRAND OPPORTUNITY: GENTS'
(JpOUuu. furnishing goods and hat store: city
or 25,000; short distance from !-an Francisco;
owners engaged in other business. HEALY A
CO., 23 Kearny st.
LEGANTLY FITTED UP LIQUOR SALOON,
vicinity Market at. HEALY, 23 Kearny su
ffl»»>f;A BRANCH bakery, candy AND
<P— *J\J. variety store at the Mission; 6 rooms,
with furniture. W. F. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
a* 1 9P>A RESTAURANT DOING LARGE
<iPX£jO\J. business; good prices; near. three
theaters; actual value $2000: family affairs reason
of selling. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California sU
CJl^Tin RESTAURANT AND BRANCH
tPO\J\J. bakery: well fitted up; dally receipts
$20 to $25: will sell at sacrifice this weeK; suit-
able for man and wife. STENBERG A CO., 632
Market st. '
<2j~OAfln RETIRING FROM BUSINESS ON
tUJOVI/U. account of sickness. For sale, a
desirable liquor store, located north near
Market: comprising large stock of wines, liquors,
etc.; valuable horses, wagons; stock Invoices
fully the amount asked; big bar trade; grandest
bargain ever offered: full Investigation; no sale if
not as represented. BTENBERG CO., 632 Market,
opposite Palace hotel. .
ij_ i ) i )l\(\ 26-CENT MEAL RESTAURANT
«£j__"l/. and building; will take part payment
or part city property; good fixtures; No. 1 business
bargain. STENBERG CO., 632 Market streeu
$? 1 KA. PARTNER RESTAURANT TO AT-
Vpxijyj. tend cash counter and assist: owner
good cook. STENBERG CO., 632 Market st.
990,0 TRANSFER AND EXPRESS COM-
♦iP__V/l/. pany: established many years; large
trade with leading business houses: first-class
horses; 4 wagons; clears over $300 monthly;
splendid opportunity to secure steady profitable
business with sure income: thorough investigation
allowed; correct representation guaranteed.
STAN BERG <& CO., 632 Market at.
q»"|9r FRUIT BUSINESS: RECEIPTS S7 A
«3)l_i>. day. snap. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921
Market su
<L?7fm CORNER BARROOM ON WATkR
<ff> I \J\J. front; 1 block from Market St.; good
paying place; owner must leave for EasU WILKE
& WOLF. 531 California st.
Q9HO PARTNER WANTED IN PROFIT-
*US— ""~'« aole manufacturing business; sure
large trade; money to be Invested in the business;
no- previous experience required: $20 per week
each sure; full proof given. KENNY, 765 Market.
**St I 000 SH ' 'ESTORE FOR SALE; A WELL
<IP-I-VJV/U. established trade, with m clean, good
stock:- a fine opportunity for a live shoe man: ill
health of owner the cause of selling; parties mean-
ing business offered extra inducements. J. B.
MIHAN. 609 Kearny su ■
QZL^n SALOON WITH 4 ROOMS; RENT
<T^t'V/. $30: good business location; kept by
owner last 8 years; good chance for man and wife.
WILKE A WOLF. 531 California.
o*l IAA COFFEE AND OVSTEK HOUSE;
__X_vUj|_nr > Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 MarkeU
<B»_r.A FIN*E SALOON: DOING GOOD BUSI-
-<Jp:i:c»l/. ness; fine fixtures; large stock; bil-
liards and pool; very best location. J. REIDY,
13% Sixth at . ■ :
* BARGAIN; WHOLESALE AND RETAIL
Jt\. liquor-house; $3500. a. V., box 129, Call.
TO LET— BEST ROAD HOUSE ON SAN
Leandro and Hay wards electric road; next 10
power-house: 17 rooms elegantly furnished; hand-
some bar and dining-room; rent reasonable to
right man. -Inquire Bay View House, Elm hurst,
Alameda County, Cal.
p IVEN AWAY; FINE RESTAURANT; GOOD
l-T business; on account ■of departure. 303%
Third st. "••
1"OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— WELL-ESTAB-
-1 lished wholesale and retail liquor-store; good
business and location. Address A. Ik, box 34, Call.
FOR SALE— A CENTRALLY LOCATED FAM-
ily liquor-store; living-rooms attached: rent $40.
Inquire WICHMAN, LUTGEN A CO., 318 clay.
BRANCH BAKERY; NOTIONS AND PERl-
odicals; a bargain; 4 living-rooms; no agents.
707 Devisadero st.
OR SALE, CHEAP— A WELL-ESTAB-
lished candy, tobacco, cigar and stationery
store doing a fine business: reasons for selling,
have to go East. Apply at store, 1314 Howard su,
bet. Ninth and Tenth.
GOOD PAYING CIGAR-STORE FOR SALE
cheap. HKG ARTY, 1004 Market st.
"PARTNER WANTED— S2OOO WILL PUR-
X chase an interest in a business enterprise that
advertiser will guarantee and prove will clear from
$45,000 to $56,000 in the next 18 months: this is
no fake, but a strictly legitimate business proposi-
tion, that we solicit the most rigid Investigation;
best of city references- exchanged: don't answer
unless you have the money. Address P. W., box
70. Call Office. ' -
OR RENT — DINING-ROOM FURNISHED
complete; good business stand; with boarders.
203 Taylor st. • . : ■
©1 QA A FOR PARTNERSHIP IN ENTIRE- \
X—Uv" ly new household necessity: cheap and \
of great utility: universal field; immense opportu- '
nity tor right party, who may inquire at 415
Montgomery sU, room 7.
Ir»OR SALE— FIRST-CLASS DELICACIES, i
1 butter, eggs and dairy produce store on one of ;
the principal business streets of the city, good \
business and location unsurpassed: 2 living-rooms; ;
horse and wagon: owner must sell at a sacrifice; i
elegant place for man and w.fe; investigate this. I
Apply 2312 Fillmore St.. near Clay. j
HE BEST-PAYING DAIRY AND . DELI- i
X cacies business, in cood location: must be sold I
at a sacrifice. Apply MRS. KUHN, 1406 Polk st.
C;£rA CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
LMU. with living-rooms: full value In stock;
Western Addition; partners don't agree; bargain.
WILKE <fc WOLF, 631 California st.
rPO LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
X County, Occidental Hotel aid bar; rent $26.
Apply C. DUCKER or F. TCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket sc. .
ANTED— PAYING GROCERY AND BAR;
reasonable; or suitable store with rooms: will
wait if building: no agents, C. H., 1818 Polk su
<Dl9nO DELICACY AND DAIRY hTORE,
»D— Uu. with living-rooms: in Mission; lowrenu
WILKIE & WOLF. 531 California at. : ;-.•■■-.•■
BUTCHER SHOP: GOOD LOCALITY: MUST
1.1 be sold this week. Address, Butcher, box 105,
Call. ■■■■■■■ ■■■-■■ -y - -■■■.
pH ANCE OF A NO. 1 HORSKSIIOKR TO ES-
V tablish himself: little capital required. 1825
Powell st. ■•..... - . . , .
_IP. AA SAMPLE-ROOM IN VERY CHOIC-
ipxO\J\Jm est location: first-class trade; rent
$60 : owner has to leave at once for Dakota. Call
WILKB A WOLF, 631 California sU
OOD COFFEE AND LUNCH PLACK FOR
sale; cheap; long lease. C. H., box 29, Call. <
pARRIAOE AND WAGON . SHOP; GOOD
\J business; 17 years In same block. Apply this
office. ■■•■.■.; : ... r . -• -_
pESTAURANT: CHEAP; CASH TRADE;
XX selling on account sickness. Inquire 1136 or
3281 Mission. _________________
pARTNER WANTED ON PLACE OF , 6
X acres in full bearing orchard; stocked with hogs
and poultry; near Oakland; low rent K. HILL,
34 Donohoe building. , .
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued.
"©ififlirt LIVERY AND BOARDING STA-
«ip LUUvt. ble: partner wanted; large first-clasi
business; clears $200 to $275 per month; positive
proof or no sale: owns 15 good livery horses; a full
equipment of carriages, backs, buggies, etc.; 20
regular boarders; this business is actually cheap
at $1500, but the proprietor, rinds too much to do,'
needs help and will sacrifice to secure good reli-
able man for the office work, collecting, look after
help, etc; investiga c this. GEO. STE\v ART, 602
Market at., Crocker building, downstairs..
<3l9^H PARTNER WANTED: MANUFAC-
tip — O\f. tnrltif; business, handling staple arti-
cles in general use: goods sold to the wholesale
trade only: plenty of orders on hand, as will i>»
sail's actorily proven: money to be invested in the
business to enlarge the same. - GEO. STEWART
602 Market st. . '
Ob] r A A SNAP; MUST BE SOLD ; BRANCH
•ID J- til/, bakery, notions, candles; -. good trade-
fine location; good living-rooms. Appfy 1 10 Sixth!
.<_! /T C LADY DESIRES ■ PARTNER Tn
r?± 10. money making business. Address L.
box 24. this office. " '
ALBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
JLx. NE. cor. Everett St., for sale. ■
ADY DESIRES GENTLEMAN PARTNER
with $25; paying proposition. .Room 2,12
Mason st. .
OR SALE OR TRADE-SALOON ON CITY
front; doing fine business; bargain. Room 88,
Chronicle building. , *:■•*•.-. ■
p ROCERY AND BAR: TRANSFER CORNER;
VX no agents. Apply this office. * .
ffljQC BRANCH BAKERY, GROCERIES,
«IPOiJ. candies and dairy produce store: 2 fur-
nished housekeeping rooms -complete"; rent $13.
Inquire Call Office; no agents.
OR SALE— FINE CHICKEN RANCH AND
stock, rent $12. GEO. PILTZ, cor. Berlin and
Barrow sta.. San Bruno road. , - - . • •>..-.-.
<2* 1 flflft PARTNER; HAY, GRAIN," COAL
«Ip-LUUI/. and wood business; dwelling, barn
and stable; leased ground; low rent; -good stock,
horses, wagons; full value. J., box 16. this office.
OOD CHEAP RESTAURANT FOR SALE
for $160; downtown. Call 722 Howard st-
MAN AND WIFE WANT A BUSINESS;
state particulars. Address A. P.. box 120, Call.
pHKAP; A GOOD-PAYING SALOON; OWNER
V.' leaving city. Apply 624 Sacramento St.
BUSINESS CHANGES.
HAVING RESIGNED THE AGENCY OFTHK
XX Hamburg-American line on the- Ist inst., I
have this day sold my oflioe at 401 California at.
All unfinished business will be a. tended toby my
successors, or at my office, 14, 2d floor, Mills |blde;
accou nts and bills due me are payable to me only,"
and all amounts owing by me will be paid on Dre-
sentatlon of claim. A.W. M i ER. S.F. April 22,9«.
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
AM. SPECK & CO. HAVE MONEY TO LOAN.
• 60 rooms, clears $150 $1600
40 rooms, corner, clears $200 1". 1 600
18 rooms, tine, clears $60 » 650
•> " A. M. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
<JM OR LESS - 25-ROOM ' CORNER
<t&xO\J\J house.
1 0-room house, worth $1000; price $400
40 rooms; tine for trauscient 709
20 rooms on Fourth st., only ..""...... 601)
16 rooms on Taylor st.. ISO
46 rooms on Market st. , " 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at., opposite Fifth.
STENBERG CO., 632 MARKET ST. ■
•18 room, corner house ..•. .. $500
42 rooms: clears $125; trial given 800
22 rooms on Market 7"00
Highest cash price paid for furniture.
< %99 *. 7 ROOMS ALL NEWLY AND HAND-
IiD^dAU. somely furnished: cheap rent; 2 rooms
now renting for $21 each; all modern conveni-
ences: nice place; genuine bargain at a sacrifice;
see It to-day. T. LULELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
(DJOPIA ROOMING HOUSE; NINE ROOMS
<JP_Uv/. always full; good location:-. nice house;
central; great bargain. STANLEY, 21% Third.
FOR SALE— HOUSE OF 30 FURNISHED
rooms with bar: everything complete: cause of
sale, leaving the city; no agents. Address L. H.,
box 32, Call office.
CM 7C LODGING-HOUSE 10 ROOMS AND
<? 1I O. bath; rent $30. 128% Ninth at. .
f^OR SALE— LODGING-HOUSE: 40 ROOMS;
470Va Seventh st. and 856 Washington st.
Apply on premises, next to depot, Oakland.
"LAT 30 ROOMS WELL FURNISHED, COR-
ner of Fourth and Howard (No. 146 and
776") streets. Inquire of the landlady.
FURNITURE FOU SALE.
I~?rrRE"s aleT "*" ~*~»~«, -- J , J^ xrtnr
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. 1
Oak bed sets ,,, ,„„ ,,„-.., $13 50
Bed lonnges ;.. 8 011
Stoves .....I 750
Carpets, per yard :...;. 55
Linoleum, per yard 55
Matting, peryard 10
. Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting busioet*
at BE. corner - Seventh and Mission sts. ■ J.
NOONAN. r ••
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BfeD-
• ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up-., step-lad-
ders, L'Oc per step: furniture exchged. 773 Misaio i.
AC\(\ CARPETS; • CHAMBER SETS, $11;
T:W stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20; folding-
slo; bed-ionnges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW.. $75
i uedlounges trimmed with plash.... $sftJ
Brussels Carpet, 1aid !.....„.. "."... 45c up
Enelish Linoleum, laid "......-.. , 400 up
Window shades In s colors -• 250 up
BHIREK <fc SHIREK, 747 Market iv, opposii*
Orant avenue: no branch stores. . r ■
~~ FURNITURE WANTED. ' ~
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURN'l-
ture and merchandise see BURP, 211 Larkln.
KFORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Markeu
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS . FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, pinna 1135 Market; tel." Jessie 761. -
ALL ON J. . C- MUTHER, 521 KEARNY, IF
' you want highest cash price for your furniture^
carpets, pianos, or merchandise of kind. 
MALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORE
than elsewhere for furniture to fill courur/
orders. Leave orders at KING'S. 3 Fourth si.
CARPET CLEANING*
pA^piBTVcLTiAl?Erj,"3c~A" yllrTdTila^d~3c""
XJ Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON, 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
» T poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st»; tel. So. 4a
pONKLIN'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ONES CO.; CARPET - CLEANING AND
O renovating works. Main office 35 end 27 Bth.
p REAT EASTERN STEAM CARPET C LEA N-
U ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Grant.
Cm V STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENO VAT
/ ting. 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 25UL
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAfT
ing works; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEOROE.offlce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253:
pARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO. 23 Tenth- teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., snecessoraf
T E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 24?
O . 14th at. ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
J- MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatlng works. 463 Stevenson: ml. south 223.
EDUCATION -i
PREPARING "pu^llSiFOß^_LMlS_riOX
X a specialty; private; terms low. E., box 8.
Call Office.
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY, CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r. 7.
PaNISH, FRENCH, GERMAN -.MODERATE.
Melsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrall a 5
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Slitter; ' teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution v specialty ; vocal Shakspeareaa
classes; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. m.; $1 per month.
"I'OICE-BUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
\ ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OP
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 Market.
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND col-
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; Individual instruc-
tion in short hand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
, OOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC,
ii day & night; no classes; $5 mouth. 826 Mission.
'UITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VJT lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
"DOOKKEEPING TAUGHT PRACTICALLY*
XJ better than in any college on earth; 6 wks; no
one teaches my rapid calculations. TARR.6S9 Mku
BE LA SCO* 8 LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed.
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mk-
OCIIOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. MB-
kJ chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN. 723 Mku
HEALD'3 BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business . practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineer: ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
VI«HTbCUOOL;iIKALCSBUB.OoLLIiUE;i4
X^ Post: commercial, whorthand. English; low rare*
■\7IOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; RE A-
V f.oii^hl». prof. FRaNCIs. KMSI-:, Valencia.
STORAGE. : ~~
O TOR AG E-C H E A^KSTrNTHECIT ' yTfTr&
kJ proof building; advances made. 211 parkin. -
LOWEST RATES-FURNITURE,* ' PIANOS,
XJ household goods, etc. J. M. pierce, 735 Markeu
T rS", R ,2 0 - NEY 7 - a MISSION-STORAGE AT
■i- .reduced rates: basement Btorage,sl 60 per load
A B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
-TV., low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan.
APPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNI-
■TV. tnre. etc. SHIREK A SHIREK. 747 Market.
_-_._-_ •":-""-■ -.lost.: .•-.;:*.'-,
S^ X J i ße!la^ tortoise- shell h ax.
kj die; B. B. on silver clasp: reward. 2546 Jackson.
S[ T 0 L 0 - SMALL~BAY-ROAjr~MARK
rL (bre f?, narn « s s . bridle), black mane, reached,
face and 3 feet white: supposed to have been driven
to Baden Sunday morning. Reward 314 U tail at.'; HOUSES TO i,kt,
T, OOK ATB-RUOH house ooST PrNle abd
XJ Scott, J'JS: 9-room house, '.6 FranKliu, near
Market, $»«: reduce.l fJ2 each. ,- ■ .
HI 9 ROOMS; SUITABLE FOR BUSI-
■XX ness: cheap. 421 Powell street. :
7« BOOMS' AND BATH, CHEAP; WITH ROOM
0 y for stable. Cor. Twenty-second and Harrison.
" V\ OUSE 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE"
XX. ments. 1216 Treat aye.. opp. Garflcld square.
701 BHOTWE_L7C TWKNTY-FIRST— IO
SiX rooms, bath, *80; 28 Hill, 7 rooms, bath,
S80: 1139 Valencia. 8 rooms, bath, $26: 929 i' 2
Natoraa, 6 rooms, $16; ) 05 Diamond, cottage, 5
■ rooms, bath, $15. W. H. CRIM _ CO., 118 Mont-
gomery st. •
iit-1 A HOUSE OF THREE- SUNNY ROOMS
<IT.X v. and finished basement. 534 Ivy aye.
HOUSE— 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
- ments garden; 780 Capp; also neat hall to
rent. Stelner and Herman.
©Of) HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
<POv/. 1723 Ciay st., near Van Ness aye.
<%/tri 1731 BROADWAY, NR. GOUGH ST.-
%u)-XkJ. Housed rooms, with every convenience
in hot air furnace and marine view.
~\\T E RENT MAN Y~ HOUSES BECAUSE WE
'» treat people right. BALDWIN _ HAM-
MOND 10 Montgomery »:. i
Ft'RMSUKD MOUSES.
FTJRNIPHED SUNNY COTTAGE, 5 ROO>iil
XI bath, desirable location. 944 Army, near Do-
lores. ._
ANDSOMELY FURNISHED HOUSE OF
10 rooms: rent cheap. ft^B McAllister. ■
• COTTAGES TO LET. . !
Sunny cottageslTand s^roomsTbathTJ
large basement; yard. Cor. Dolores and loth.
fife 7 COTTAGE IN THE MISSION: 4 ROOMS;
<_> 1 . 2 blocks from cars. 360 Jessie st.
/COTTAGE WITH STABLE— 9 ROOMS AND
V bath : rent $20. 529 Not* st.
FLATS TO LET.
SUNNY FLATS: 3 AND 4 ROOmSPbaTH;
garden; $13 and $16. 1706 Post.
UPPER AND LOWER FLATS, 6 ROOMS
each; yard, cellar. 6 Antonio st,, off Jones,
near O'FarreU.
UNNY FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH, PART-
Iy furnished, 1206 Jackson st. Call 11 a. m.
to 4 p. it.
OOX TKHAMA— A MODERN FLAT OF 6
O— .*) rooms; rent reduced; water free.
_I O 6 ROOMS, 266 FIRST, NEAR FOLSOM.
«JPI._J. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411 Montgom-
ery st.
8 HOWARD COURT, NR. FOURTH—
floor 5 sunny rooms, $14; lower 4 rooms, $13.
"1 £07 STEINER. NEAR sutter—
■ICy 4 flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
ffi»9n MODERN CPPERF-.AT OF 6 ROOMS
Vg_.U. and bath. 711 Fifteenth St.. nr. Market.
Q9A 1425 a SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE—
<£>■— Vj. Upper flat of 5 sunny rooms and bath.
"Q 1 a NEW SUNN V FLAT OF 4 ROOMS AND
<pXU. bath. 1228b Union st.: very cheap.
T7-LAT; 4 SUNNY ROOMS; $12. 610 Natoma
J St., near Seventh. . . r;-^j
SUNNY BAY-WINDOW FLATS; 4 AND 5
rooms; bath. Cor. Polk and Jackson sts. •
Q1 9 TO LET— NEW LOWER FLAT OF 5
Ol- '• rooms and bath, yard and basement.
• Twenty-fourth St., near Sanchez; electric-cars pass
the, door.
CORNER BAY-WINDOW FLAT OF 6
-.1 rooms and bath; sun all day; SW. cor. Mission
and Thirteenth sts.; rent $25.
<n.Q UPPER FLAT, 3 ROOMS: ALSO LOWER
-Qt7.. flat, 3 rooms and bath. 418 Fulton st.
FINE SUNNY FLATS OF 8 ROOMS; 24
Freelon ht.. nr. Fourth; rent low.
■-Q.-I Q 3 LARGE ROOMS; YARD. 409 THIR-
-0 J.O. teenth st.. above Valencia.
. -_99 PAGE— LOWER FLAT, 6 FINE SUNNY
7^_ rooms; yard: modern improvements ; fur-
. nished or unfurnished.
PPER FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 1625 Vi
\ V Pine St., above Van Ness aye.
"<SQA EACH: 3 SUNNY FLATS: 8 ROOMS;
= «ir — V 7 yard; basement. 810-812 Ellis st.
CjQ SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 6 ROOMS. 412
•TO. Eureka su, between Twenty- and
Twenty-second.
LAT, 6 ROOMS, $14; ALSO COTTAGE, 4
rooms-, yard, cellar, $ 11. 629 Second St., near
Brannan.
lOWER FLAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
■> Bide of street; rent $9 a month. 416 Rlngold
su, bet. Eighth and Ninth, Harrison and Folsom.
79P*1 MCALLISTER— FLAT; 6 ROOMS;
. 1 — Ua modern Improvements: rent reduced.
ODERN SUNNY UPPER 4-KOOM FLAT
1694 Page St., cor. Clayton, Go.den Gate Park.
' ANTED — GOOD TENANTS FOR NEW
"• TV flats: special terms; $10 up. SPECK _ CO.,
," 602 Market st-
.\Tte KENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WK
T? treat people right. BALDWIN. «fc. HAM-
• MOND, 10 Montgomery sU *
LEG ANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
J-i low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
" . 4 \VEKK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS— THE
.- * -_ WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
'"' HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
.*.. '^ Bush's '£"~" w "' ~^
r>9' BUSII-2 NICELY FC HNIBHED BOOMS
' '— O forhonsekpg: also 1 room for 2 gentlemen.
"I _"! Q BUSH— LARGE ALCOVE: PLEASANT
X 1 XO home; private family: reasonable; refnes.
Bryant Street. "
_QO BRYANT— I, 2 OR 3 SUNNY ROOMS;
"Ov furnished for housekeeping. " ■
California Street.
9XOI CALIFORNIA— ELEGANTLY FTJR-
— > OO X nished rooms and baths for housekeep-
ing; cheap. . . »•
' j ddy street.
■1 90* EDDY— NICELY FURNISHED HOUSE-
■ X— \J keeping: aisosnnny rooms. "
£1118 .-ireet.
rrVQ ELLIS—SUNNY FRONT ROOM, FUR-
wO nisned complete for housekeeping: $10.
• XO9 ELLIS — 4~" SUNNY UNFURNISHED
«JO— rooms with bath.
liUmore Street.
Ql 0 2 BUNNY FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
X\J . -ing rooms. 2208y a Flllmore St., nr. Clay.
ioisom Street. . •„ ■■*
5 ; o OM - 3 ""FURNISHED rooms
<JO -. for housekeeping : range, hot and cold water.
1411 f<JU*OM-ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
,- x -~|- L floor; 3 or 4 rooms; complete for house-
keeping.
Franklin Street.
422J2__?5___.-_L SUNNY NICELY FUR-
— -^ nlshed rooms for hoase.eeptpg.
liearjr Stieet.
9"! 71 GEARY — LARGE FURN'ISHFD
' -^i «8 housekeeping room^rjiutT; key at'fl"
1021 v™, * ESS AVf: " GEARY ST.-
XV , X Front sunny suite, 3 rooms and kitchen-
•■ complete; also sunny large room, $10 tcaen>
1427 GE , A i , RY - BE COND~STORY; FRONT
X I and back parlor; unfurnished; kitchen-
gas; range: refrreuces. — ■«~ t _v— en,
Harriet Street.
3 HARRIET, OFF HOWARD, NEAR SIXTH
, O a sunny furnished honaekeeping rooms: SO.
Harrison Street.
9A97 HARRISON-2 ROOMS, $6: 4 ROOMS
_.OZ.I $8; furnished or unfurnished for houst
keeping. : »•"— ■
. ■ Howard Street.
rjn-x 1 HOWARD - NICELY FURNISHED
i D J 2 bay-window suite with kitchen ; others rea-
sonable. ' ' ■• ■ '
3OR 4 ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING"
cheap. 1806 Howard st. •
1 OftQ HOWARD — HOUSEKEEPING AND
IvUO single rooms. .
1 1 QO HOWARD— 2 SUITES. 2 AND 3 ROOMS,
. .iXOIS furnished; housekeeping.
-.ark in .street.
1 00 7 PARKIN — SUNNY FURNISHED
xyjyj I front rooms with kitchen: gas; bath.
Mason Street.
n- MASON - FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
housekeeping: reasonable.
■ Market Mreei. ' - ■
1 01 Q MARKET, ABOVE SIXTH, REAR-
X \JXO sunny furnished; light hoosekpg; cheap.
• 1 Q9/i MARKET, NEAR VAN NESS— I OR 2
XC— _ sunny housekeeping rooms; gas stove;
folding bed.
McAllister Street.
Aft MCALLISTER — FRONT SUNNY AND
"V/ housekeeping rooms: reasonable. ...-.'
1 HOC MCALLISTER— SUNNY PARLOR AND
""O upper floor; nicely furnished, complete for
housekeeping; reasonable.
£1 in 11:1 -tree 1.
"4 MINNA- 2 ADJOINING - ROOMS FOR
, irtJT housekeeping; front; separate entrance.
• * Uluion -t.ee..
OOQ MISSION-LARGE ROOMS,,: EVER
basement 88 furnished, «8; also housekeeping
uftfle cnenT , SB.
Q OQ MISSION - LARGE . SUNNY- • BASE-
•JOO ment, $9: also well-furnished housekeep-
ing rooms. $8. • . -
1 9C "I mission, COR. NINTH — 3 fur-
-* nished housekeeping rooms; $12. •
Oak Street. "
Q»IA SUNNY FRONT PARLOR AND
tp Xv., kitchen; connecting; unfurnished; first
floor. 48 Oak st.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS - Continued.
Octavia Street.
9^ OCTA VIA-2 HANDSOME ROOMB COM-
-j\JiJ plete tor house keeping.
1 4.0 *-> OCIAVIA, CORNER GEARY-SUNNY
iT™ housekeeping rooms, furnished or unfur-
nished.
Pearl Street.
0 PEARL ST., COB. MARKET. OPP. OCTA-
\i via— 2 or 3 sunny corner rooms, well furnished
for housekeeping; water and sink. >
y Perry Street.
91 Ol PERRY— 2 SUNNY UNFURNISHED
~jxoa front housekeeping rooms; rent "-.:■■ -
Polk Street.
"1 91 Q POLK, NEAR SUTTER - UNFUR-
- 1 -. x*J nished double parlors »nd kiichen.
Point Lobos Avenue.
91 90 POI!f LOBOS AYE. -3 SUNNY FUR-
Jl^ u nlshed rooms, housekeeping ; oath; all
conveniences; $12; no children.
Seventh Street.
"I 49 SEVENTH— FRONT SUITES;
-*- ~— ' also single and housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Silver Street.
"1 ec SILVER, NEAR FOURTH— 2 FUR-
J.\JfJ nished sunny rooms for housekeeping.
sixth Street.
9QI SIXTH— NICK SUNNY HOUSEKKKP-
— ing and single rooms,
*]9] SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
X-jX cozy housekeeping and other rooms.
South Park,
A Q SOUTH PARK— PARLOR FLOOR; 2 OR 3
_.<J rooms: rent $20; light housekeeping. .
1 • Stevenson Street.
A(\Q STEVENSON, CORNER FIFTH— FUR-
7vO nlshed rooms for housekeeping.
Stockton Street.
A~\ 7 STOCKTON — 2 FURNISHED LIGHT
— X I housekeeping rooms, $12; single, $5.
'lhird Street.
"I A Q THIRD — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
XtrO room; complete: bath; gas.
00/f THIRD — 2 UNFURNISHED HOUHH-
UQ-X keeping rooms: water free; rent $6 and 7.
Valencia Street.
90 VALENCIA— 2 "BAY-WINDOW ROOMS
«V/U furnished for housekeeping; water; bath:
gas: 914. ■ -
ROOMS TO LET. ~
Brannan Street.
79' BRANNAN, ABOVE SIXTH— SISSY
I Z.tJ kitchen and bedroom, furnished; $7.
Xtush Street.
"I Q1 9 BUSH - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XOX_i suite of rooms; private family: also
others: with or without board.
— <!«'. riace.
COn EDDY-SUNNY DOUBLE FRONT ROOM
OOU with grate, $8 per month.
— it'll li Street.
CHERMAW APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St.. near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
. . —Ills Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE 8.
ART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished ; elevator; hot & cold water.
1 Fell Street.
OQA FELL- NICE LARGE FRONT OR MlD-
t>t)V/ die room; reasonable.
Garden Street.
9] 1 GARDF.N-S ROOMS TO LET CHEAP.
— lg J. DESMOND. •"*
deary Street..
91 Q GEARY— LARGE, FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
—XO able for business. Key 217. •
f»9X GEARY— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM,
\}^ixJ suitable for one or two gentleman.
791 GEARY— HANDSOMELY FUR-
I — X nished alcove room; suitable for gentleman*
reaso Table. ■ .
rpHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
-1- handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, 810
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. oor. Van Ness aye.
(■rove Street.
1 nc GROVE— NICELY FURNISHED large
X\J%J front rooms; $7 and $3.
"■ ■"'. ■ " Harrison street.
ft 9Q HARRISON— "NICE SUNNY ROOM;
\J£dO good location.
•'• Howard cci.
1 *?^\A HOWARD— LARGE : SUNNY, BAY-
XZjO _ window room, with prate; suitable ' for
one or two; also single room, $5; every conveni-
ence. -
Hyde Street.
7AQB HYDE, NR. POST — NICELY FUR-
I VJO nished sunny room: use bath; private fain.
Jones Street.
907 JONES- THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
— yJ I management: elegant sunny suites ana
single; newly furnished; bat a, etc.; 810 to SHU.
Kearny street.. '
_ KLINOTON HOUBE, 127 KEARNT-PLE A3-
X— ant sunny rooms, en suite and single: £rstciau
in every respect : terms reasonable. .
Larkin street.
Onf* LARKIN — 3 CONNECTING ROOMS,
O*m\J furnished complete for housekpg; central.
Jitirki • reet.
"\rOSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
J. night, 350 to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE. OFF GEARY ST., ABOVE
Mason— Sunny room; lor 2: $8.
Minna -tree:.
Qf}<7 MINNA. CORNER EIGHTH— NEWLY
\J\J 4 furnished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
. 31 lesion Street,.
£1 Q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
VXD rooms: 15c to 60c per night: $1 to 82 week.
EUROPE HOL'iSE, 1169 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
Muth Street.
I 9£l NINTH-HOUSEKEEPING AND BIN-
X— 'JS gle rooms, f 4 to $6 per month; children
boarded.
Oak Street.
"1 A OAK— LARGE FURNISHED ROOM, SUIT-
X x able for 2 gentlemen.
O'laj-rjeJl Street.
£91 O'FARRELL— ELEGANTLY FUR-
\j-ji. nlshed suits and single rooms in handsome
privnte residence.
Pino Street.
£1 "I PINE. NR. STOCKTON— AND
WXX double room: running water: *6 and $7.
R9l PINE-ROOMS IN SUITE OR SINGLE:
w_x $6 up: grate; gas: running water..;-...
T2« liET UnNII3HEI)ROOAI N W. CORNER
X Pine and Dnpont sts.
** Post Strcec.
HO] POST -NICELY FURNISHED ROOM
UOX for single man; gas; running water; bath;
$5 month.
917 PO £ T ry EKY , LARQ NICELY FUR-
OX I nished alcove suite; gas: bath; grate; large
closet, washroom attached: light housekeeping: if
desired.
beventh . Street. ~~
m SEVENTH-SUN NY SUITE OF ROOMS
with or without use of kltchee.
hlxtliSlreei.
405 SIX T H - BUNNY~~DOUBLE ROOMS;
7VU running water; bath; lar^e garden.
Stevenson Street.' "
425 VENfiON ' SR:FIFTH - 4 ELEGANT
3^o large rooms; yard; basement; first floor.
Stockton -Street. ~
1314r i T O - CKTCN - rSU " NNY ™OST ROOMS*
xo - t^ t "ngle; en suite*, also doctor's office :dheapl
_ga^£ikr' e "-"-
gl__jfcffi__Mig PARLOR
lurk Street.
"I I f» TURK-BF.AUTTfuI BUNXY stTrr-
Valencia Street ~
1 OS'! 1 VALENCIA-RUNNY SUITE AND
lU^Oz single rooms: board If desired; ba£?
Van es « Avenue.
9 .O9 VAX KESS -NICELY FTTH
OU— nUhed sunny room: closet, etc
9 P» 9 ?-, VAN NESS AVE.-LOWKR PARTnt
HOTEL TO LKT. ~~ ' :
HOTEL TO LET-THE WILHELM~TP?t"
House, 317-319 Bush sl; this weH-kno hi
tel is thoroughly renovated, wus deraUy ,m
proved and compares with the best B* "nd-cIM,"
hotel in this town. MADISON _• KUI'KE. '
• BICYCLES. " ~
ARK CYCLERY-NEW WHEELS TO~Zft^
a best accommodations. Terminus Geary, mV
AUister aud Powell bU car lines. " c< "'> »o-
THE SAX Fit AJS CISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
BOARDING AND ROpMS.
tToTpost^room an tJ^oXriT^aniTlJTce
I J._i large room for two young men, ' $20 a
month;. board without room, $18: good home cook*
} ing. . ■
UNNY FRONT PARLOR FOR 2. WITH
I O good board, $45: sunny back parlor for 2, $40;
single room for student, $18. 618 Taylor st.
I COUGH ST.,N_.A_SUTTKR-NICE!.Y FUR-
I ** nlshed larg > room : sun all day; suitable for 1
I or 2 gentlemen or man and wife; board optional;
I German family. Address Reasonable, box 113,
Cull Office. -
TWO NICE|SUNNY FRONT ROOMS, WITH
or without board; Also single rooms. SUBVa
1 Jessie st., near Sixth.
j HOE HYDE— QUIET AND HOMELIKE SUN-
-1 o^.o ny suites with first-class board. MRS. T.
j W. BROTHEUTON. " ' '. -
1 401 VAN NESS AVK.-A SUNNY SUITE;
■*-^"-l- single rooms, with good board.
"1 71 A SUNNY KUITE OF ROOMS,
X I -1- _ newly furnished, with board.
NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: UNSUR-
Xi passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 76c and
$1 per day; $2, f_» 50, $3 per week and up; $8 to
$30 mo. Hackmeier Hotel. GEO.GRUENIO, Pr.
BEST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week. 816 a month, at Hackmelers Hotel.
ACKMEIER'S HOTEL, 128-129 KDDY ST.:
new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room $6 and $6 a week and up.
OTKL BEP.TLINO. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; ail mod-
»rn conveniences." " ' ' '
stores to LET.
i"^*^TARGTr7rTmurXN^T^Oo34sT^AX
_XO. ply 1433 Valencia st, ■
COTTAGE OR BRANCH BAKERY TO LET;
\J cheap; $11.' Twentieth St.. near Castro.
OFFICES TO LET.
I t^k^k^oT^m^i^XVleXs^TnT^u^xn^y^o^
[ XJ lice In the Crocker building, with services of a
I competent fteuographer. Address Business, box
I 78. Call Office. .
CALIFORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V^ 1 Offices $10 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, electric and gas lights. Apply at room
522 to A. E. BUCKINGHAM.
OPRKCKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
0 Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
orn. H. VMHSKN & CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
3IVSICAL. INSTRUMENTS.
<JJ»I9X UPRIGHT PIANO: GOOD CONDI-
] IIDXAIJ. lion; cash or Installments. 106 Mc-
Allister st. ■
Q9OO NEW FIRST-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
<4P_UI/« $5 Installments. 221 Leaven worth st.
LADY HERE FROM . LOS ANGELES AND
going East In a few days, in need of funds,
must sell her beautiful Hardman upright; has
magnificent tone like a grand piano: beautiful
case: perfect condition: a rare chance for any one
*4ipreclatlng a very superior instrument. Room
I 10, Flood building, Fourth and Market sts.
ANNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and musical goods; everything sold
cheap this month. MAP VAIS', 769 Market st.
MAGNIFICENT SI'ECK PIANO, FINE CON-
ditloii, will be sacrificed at once. Room 21.
809 Market st. . '
C CHOICE STEINWAY; MUST BE DISPOSED
\J of at once. Room 10, 809 MarKet st.
■LMNE UPRI.iHT PIANO FOR SALE CHEAP;
X first class; Eastern manufactured; can be seen
at 801 I.eavenwurth St., cor. butter; no reasonable
cash offer refused.
Q* HERMAN, CLAY & CO., HTEINWAY REP-
►w. resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West: all t-rsdes and
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar>
auteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
1 > EFORE BUYING SEE HA INK BltOS.', BUSH
— » & Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT _ CO.. 324 Post st.
BIGGEST BARGAIN EVER OFFERED FOB
Wteinway upright; perfect. 13.19 Folsom st.
A SHAW, $575: STKINWAY. $215: SQUARE,
$•^5; rented $2 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
CM OX EASTERN upright 3-STRINGKD
<P1O«J. Weber: *350. BRUENN, 228 Post at.
CjOX PIANO; GOOD CONDITION. bCUMITZ,
%3*JU. 16 McAllister St., next Hibernia Ban If.
ALL YOU WANT IS VALUE FOR YOUR
money; Investigate these • prices and be con-
-1 vinced; the new seven-bar autoharpsS; the rive-
; b;-.r autoharp $4; a seventeen inlaid' rosewood
ribbed mandolin $6 25; the Drize-wtnner guitar
1 ?3 25; solid walnut and oak organs, new, 847 "»0;
! elegant new upright pianos In any style case, wal-
-1 cut, mahogany, oak. $187 ; one trial will convince
I you. J. harry SCOTT, 929 Market St., tspreck-
: el's building.
ARRIVE D-LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
-ii- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. • H. LCEDERS. tS2 Ninth st.
\\" M. U. BADGER. 26 O'FARRELL, ROOM 1,
' " first floor: sole agents Hailet it Davis pianos;
pianos^ organs sold for cash or installments. •
pONOVKR PIANO: AH OOOD A3 NEW;
\J creat sacrifice. T_a .F. W. «1 _NC_U COM*
PANY. 83S Post st. '
! HICKEUINU, KNABIC. BTECK.VOSE, BTKR-
-1 VJ llug pianos: see onr new piano for $187: piano*
I lor rent. BENJ. CUItTAZ — SON. 16 O'Farreli.
I fflj 1n ' CASH OR INSTALLMENTS; WEBER
! %£X I kJ. upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Nesv
I YRON MAI'ZY, 308 POST ST.-SOHMEBT
i XJ Newby A Kvan*. Briggs and other pianos.
j SUPERIOR VIULINH, ZITHKRH. OLU_NEW
O H. Ml 1,1.1*:::. maker, repairer. *.' Ltuhamnlaca.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
GASOLINE ENGINE, 3-HORSE POWER : IN
*X good condition: cheap. Address H. SyAFFELI.,
908 M st., Fresno, or Inquire Call OtHcc.
VOCNG RATTEIt AND HUNTER PUPS
-L cheap. A. CASWELL, Eighteenth and Rail-
road aye.
Pi A NO, $25; COW, $25; PANEL-TOP WAGON
cheap. 814 Nineteenth, nr. Sanchez, aft. 6 p.m.
L"OR SALE— WAGON AND HARNESS. 436
; X Hayes st. "
Ill] FILBKRT-LOWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS
■till and bath; $13. ■ ■
I KHT-CLAS^ NATIONALCASH REGISTER,
X. $85; must sell. 521 Kearny. , ■
T M PROVED HIGH-ARM SINGER: OAK AT-
X tachments; $15. 2437 Mission su, near Twcn-
ty-flrst. .
BOUT 100 GOOD DRY BOARDS. MOSTLY
planed, 8 to 11 feet long and 8 and 12 inches
wide, I%c per foot; sell any quantity: maps San
FrancUco 1849-1894 16c JONES. 647 Mission st.
HIGH GRADE '95 BICYCLES; $30 TO $60.
Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes St. ■
Q7OO KiSABK PIANO : V/HjL BE SOLD
f>7OO for $195. Apply Immediately, UNCLE
I i \jyj for $195. Apply immediately, UNCLIi
HARRIS, IS Grant aye. '
CIOLTS, REMINGTON, PARKER AND 2 FINK
I bammerless shotcuns for one-third their value
at UN> LE HARRIS. 16 Grant aye.
I -> IRE-PROOF bAFE WITH BURGLAR
— ' chest; cheap. D. K. HAWI.EY, 318 Market.'
OILERS.ENGINES.2D-HANDMACHINERY,
waterpipes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California Rattan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission
UILDINUW BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
NX SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZS
flro and bnrg'.sr proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
l/lI'.E AND BURGLAR SAFK, LETTER-
X 1 press, platform scales and desk. -cheap. 101} Clay.
ATEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN~i§_CONI>"
1> hand. W. a RAY Mfg Co., 12 California sr.
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sola 113H£ Market bet. 7th and
TRUSTEES' SALES.
mRUSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the term? and under the authority of a certain
Deed of Trust, duly executed by BENJAMIN B.
PIERCE, party of tbe first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELLandTHADDEUSB. KENT. Trustees,
partlesof the second part, and the SAN" FRAN-
CISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the third
part, dated March 14th, 1891, and recorded in the
office of the County Recorder of the County of San
Luis Obinpo, state of California, In Liber 10 of
Trust Deeds, at pages 60 and following: and In
pursuance of a resolution passed on the 19th day of
March. 1896, by the Beard of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and tbe holder of the note (No. 10,725), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid Deed of Trust
was • executed, declaring that default had been
trade in the payment of the principal sum and
otn* c sums, due under said ' note and Deed of
Trust, aud requesting and directing said HENRY
C. CAMPBELL and ThADUKI'S B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate . described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT. Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUEBDAY, the flth day of May, A. D. 1896, at
12 o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction
salesroom of 1 _ABTON« ELDIUDGK & CO., No.
638 Market street, in the City and County of San
Franclnco, State of California, we will sell at pub- |
lie auction, to the • highest bidder, for cash in gold
coin of the United States, all those pieces or parcels
of land situate In the Coni.ty of mi 11 Luis üblspo,
State of California, described as follows, to wit: -
, According to the official plats and system of
surveys of the Government of the United States:
In township twenty-five (25) south, ran ie thir-
teen (13) east, Mount Diablo base and meridian:
Of section twenty-five (25) the south half of the
north halt (S. J/a of N. Vi) aQd tiio south half of
the south half (». Mi of s. V a ):
1 ■ Of section twenty-seven (37) the southeast quar-
ter (se. Vi). ■
Containing in all four hundred and eighty (4SO)
acres of land, more or less, together with - the ap-
purtenances. ' ■- ' ■
TERMS OF SALE— Cash in gold coin of the
United States:- ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall lof the hammer, balance on de-
livery of deed: and if not so paid, unless for want
of title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten percent to be forfeited and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
• C. CAMPBELL, >_. .^
■ Til A Dili: US B. X X T. • / ."—nee*.
■ . physicians; "
TT»EMOVED— DR. clc. O'DONNELL .TO "1203
XX Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty. - -
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. JORDAN AT
bis museum, 1061 . Market st. ; bis 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mall. ■ -
L , I*. ■ - - ■ -"i ili-'nlis- i—ilt itn _■ !—■ ni-~i,T~iTfl
CITY K^^J^KSTATE.
RAIN OR SHINE I
BAIN OB SHINE I
" Arc oN RAINORSHINK!
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
AUCTION.
- WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 12 M
AT SALESROOM, 602 MARKET BT.
OF—
REAL ESTATE.
REAL ESTATE.
' REAL KBTATE.
REAL EBTATK.
CHOICE TENEMENTS— A FORECLOSURE
* * _tA._>_3.
Income tenement property, 108 Lar.gton st.;
rents *41; no reserve.
, . A FORECLOSURE SALE.
11-room nice home, 1526 Clay st- ; will rent $50;
no reserve.
Business property, cor. 16th and Guerrero sts.:
S frontages; rents sl6o. ■ .- -•''• >~."' ■-.
A GRAND AND SAFE INVESTMENT.
Downtown; l'iH 3d sU, near Mission; rentssl2B;
never vacant.
Store and fiats: 823 Howard st., near 4th; rents
$130; almost new building.
A FORECLOSURE SALE.
Cottage home, 432 28th st., near Noe; rents $15.
A FORECLOSURE SALK.
Business corner, SE. cor. 23d and Hampshire
sts. ; rentasd2.
Richmond home, 319 6th aye., near California
St.; rents $'.0.
Three flats, 209 14thst., near Howard: rents $47:
on car line ; all rented ; $3500 mortgage can remain.
AVOIDING FORECLOSURE.
Mission home, NE cor. Jersey and VlcJcsburz
SU.; rents $25; lot 28x114. ' *»ourg
Building lots, SE cor. Noe and Ridley sts.
Business lot, 24th St.. near Sanchez.
AVOIDING FORECLOSURE.
French flats, 1231 Union st., near Larkln ; rents
$47; 2 fronts; building almoit new.
AT SALESROOM. 602 MARKET ST.
A. M. sPECK A CO.
A. M. SPECK _ CO.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
■ ■ A. M. HPECK & CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
ASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 MARKET ST.
638 MARKET ST.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
NEW AND MODERN.
OVERLOOKING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
_ Cnnn A handsome residence OP
«3)Ov/UU. 14 spacious rooms: bath, attic and
basement; house only 1 year old: beautifully
decorated and finished; exceedingly well built Mot
25x96 fee ; sickness In owner's family causes the
sacrifice of this choice property.
$8000.
FINE PROPERTY.
CALIFORNIA ST., NEAR JONES, 1
HOUSE 14 ROOMS AND BATH.
AND REAR COTTAGE.
LOT 23x117:6 FEET.
A CHOICE OFFER.
_i. ELEGANT FLATS.
FACING PARK PANHANDLE.
QICIIHIII THREE MODERN FLATS,
Up IV/.UUU. nearly new. well and substantially
built; on tbe north side of Fell st., near Lou ; pays
10 per cent; lot 25x137:6 fnet; this Is gilt-edge
properly end has a great future.
$6000. * it
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
NORTH SIDE HOWARD ST.
EAST OF 9TH ST.
LOT 25X90 FEET.
ONLY $500 CASH.
RICHMOND HOME.
JUST FINISHED.
QQOOO A HANDSOME COTTAGE OF 5
tjJdUl/u. rooms, bath, attic »nd basement, on
Second aye., near California si.; modern, complete
and well built; everything in first-class condition;
lot 25x120 feet: a chance to get a home on easy
monthly payments. " ,
FLATS! FLATS!
FLATS! FLATS!
1000 2FINEFLATSOF4AND6ROOMS
iJl'lUWu. each; near Fo'irtsenth and Valencia
st«.: substantially built: liriek foundation; Days
$420 per annum; always reiitid.
$3250.
TWO MODERN FLATS
IN RICHMOND;
PAYS $400 PKR ANNUM; '
LOT 26X120 FEET. _
©9^oo 2 ' VTS OF 4 ROOMS EACH ;ON
tS>4i.O\J\/. Cover St., nt-ar Jones: In gocd con-
dition; always rented: pays $360 per annum.
$3000. Jf. ~~~
CLARA ST., KHAR FIFTH.
5 TENEMENTS.
RENTS fOR $40 PER MONTH.
A FEW '
A IN SPECIAL BARGAINS
IN LOTS.
81200 CASH * VY * 2 CHOICE LOTS ON
xSXdLV\J Prosidio Heights: 25x127:8 each;
ready for building; $2400 mortgage In the Hiber-
ma Bank can remain: this is a bargain* lately re-
ducpd from $4000. '
$4200— Sutter St.. near Devlsadero; 30:6x164 ft.
$2200— Walnut, near Clay; 25x112:6 ft
$3300— Washington, nr. Devigadero: 80x127:8 ft,
1500— A beautiful residence site on Pacific aye.'.
nr. Broderick: 27:6x127 4.
$2250— Ash bury, ur. Fell; 25x106:3.
•2100— Clayton, nr. Page; '.'5x106:3.
$1660-21sl, nr. Church: 50:11x114.
$1600-Carl. nr. Cole; 25x137:6.
WK HAVE
ALL KINDS OF LOTS
IN
ALL PARTS Or" THE CITY
AND
ALL AT BARGAIN PRICES.
Make known your wants and we will send you a
list. /-' -■--. :■-; ■'■■
EASTON, ELDRIDOK & CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE _ CO.
■ ; . . 638 Market st.
638 Market st,
BUILDING i :~~ : '
LOIS— '-■
$350 TO $400.
$5 CASH.
$5 MONTHLY. • :0;
STREET WORK
DONE.
All ready for building purposes. Streets are
•11 graded, sewered and macadamized, and
water pipes laid. Many of the lots require no
grading. If you are looking for a building
. lot, see those we are offering in the Castro
Street Addition. Take the Guerrero Street
Electric Road (Mission or Valencia transfer
at Fourteenth st.) and ride to Chencry and
Castro sts., and see the apent In our branch
o_ce there. ■
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
. ... . . . 10 Montgomery st.
HE FEW ~ ~~~
1 REMAINING LOTS
WILL BE SOLD.
There are only a very few lots left on 25th and
Point Lobos avenues and Clement st., and we de-
sire' to sell. them, at once. To close them out we
will make the terms - ' "
. , ONLY $35 CASH,
' $10 MONTHLY. " '
The prices are $375 and upwards. The Putro
electric cars pass the property. See them to-day.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
C_Q7P\ AND $726; 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
«JpO i O and 27tb sts. : terms easy. 1128 Vallejo.
TTOW'S THIS FOR A BARGAIN? '■ i "
$250 each;' fine building lots; 25x114 each;
finely situated; only 3 blocks from Castro-st. cable
cars ; $5 down and $5 a month.
You can't afford to Invest in outside districts
when inside lots can be bought at such low figures.
.... JACOB HEYMAN,
5 Crocker building. Post and Market sts.
MONEY - ;
i LOANED ON REAL ESTATE
AT LOWEST MARKET
RATES.
BORROWERS ACCOMMODATED AT
' SHORT NOTICE BY THE
CALIFORNIA
TITLE INSURANCE COMPANY, '
OFFICE. MILLS BUILDING,
. - : L. R. KLLERT, Vice-President.
<2»1 PER WEEK! FRUITVALE TERMINAL
<|pl tract: lots $100. McCART V CO.. 646 Mkt.
"<£»Q7C CASH.BALANCE EASY PAYMENTS;
«3Dt7l«Jnew b.»y-wlndow cottage; modern im-
provements; lot 26x100; South Broderick st., near
Halght. Apply 1330 Mission st. ■ ..
_O«Jflfk 60-FOOT FRONT IN WESTERN
<RJjO\J\J. Addition; improved; rents $24 per
month. ASHTON & GARDNER, 411 Montgom-
ery «. ■ • '.'"■'- ' ' ■•
~<a»O7jr AND $725: 2 LOTS ON LOMBARD
<4pO I O and 27th sts.: terms easy. 1128 Vallejo.
"LOR SALE -ELEGANT I^ROOM HOUSE,
X 1 Just completed, opp. Park; modern. 1917 Oak.
© 1 A \(\ RARE CHANCE FOR A HOMii-
%> XrtO\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms, cor. lot,
60x30, Holly Park: small payments same as rent,
CADENA«SO <_- CO., 612 Montgomery st. . ■.
ODERS 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for 1 $2500;
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONAHEY, 1149 Mission
ffi>in 000 MORTGAGE OF $5000 CAN
IV/.UUU. remain; bouse and lot, 30x88
4 OS and 408 Pacific st. Apply to MADISON <_
itURKE. •■'•■■■■ -■-. ■■--. -. , .
fiqnn COTTAGE: 3 ROOM 8: LOT 60x1 85:
tip IOU v • lv Berkeley, near station: payments
easy.
Cottage; S rooms; lot 75x125.
$1000— Handsome corner; » 100x100], $15
monthly. . .-'-.-'. :. 1
$200- Let 25x135; $10 down; $5 monthly.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st. : -
©% PER LOT, 25x100: SAN BRUNO ROAD;
«]p_v/ 6Vj miles from Palace Hotel: patent title;
S. P. R. it. shore line will cross tract, make It busi-
ness property; 15 minutes. distant; some day
worth $1000 a lot; deed, map and abstract $L A.
WHEELER. 331 Montgomery st., room 10.
1 -
CITY^ REAL ESTATE. .._.
QOXfkfl 181:6x200, art. COR. 14TH A YE.
«J>»Ji »UU. and J st., block 755; outside lands.
$1750-25x90, E. side Central aye. (formerly liOtt
St.), bet. Haight »nd Waller its ; 2 fronts.
$1750— 53:4x114,' N. si ie '-6th street; 320 feet
W. Church. ■. . .. . . .
$460— 160x100, NE. cor. Sargent ana Bright
sts., block 55. City Land Association.
CM AS. C. FISHER, 507 California st.
W. COR. L«<OM AND 2 1ST BTS.; 95x90
ft.; will subdivide; cheap for cash: also SW.
20th and Treat ay. : 26x110 ft. Irni. 1205 Market.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
9f| ACRES OF CHOICE LAND, HIGHLY IM-
+~yj proved, Souoma County, tor sale or ex-
change; $6000. :j
940 -ACRES OF VAI.LKY AND HILL LAND;
— 'Tv large house and burn; sale or exchange;
$4000.
"1 f»A ACRES FINE FRUIT LAND IN ONE OF
■iyjyj the best fruit counties in the State: sale or
exchange; #6000.
f{f\ft ACRES FINE STOCK LAND, ALL
\J\JVJ fenced; sale or exchange; $12,000.
A(\ ACRES HIGHLY IMPROVED OLIVE
IVJ ranch In Piacer County; see olives and, oil at
office; great bargain; $6000. . *- .
ALSO MANY OTHER CHOICE PIECES:
Jr\. call or send for description.
I 'INE DAIRY RANCH FOR RENT; STOCK
' for sale.
EDWIN K.ALSIP & CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills bnlldlug. S. F.
9900 30 ACRES FINE FRUIT LAND,
«3>__UU. 2% miles from Napa.
$2800— Improved fruit ranch near Martinez of
30 acres.
$1000— 20 acres near Santa Rosa; 6-room house
and barn; fruit and vines. - ..-■•■
■ : ■ CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market st.
A TUN COUNTY— SOOO ACRES 26 MILES
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any size desired: fruit, grain and
vegetable land; no Irrigation; both rail ami water
transportation: (40 to $75 per acre; terms made
to suit: sena for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
aud 65 chronicle building.
QOAX ACRE: . 320 ACRES, HOUSE,
tfl; fences, • fertile soil/living water, plenty of
wood; crops never fall; good for stock, grain,
fruit, poultry, etc.; terms easy; .no snow; no
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent, Cot-
tonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
UJ»^7^ 10 ACRES SANDY LOAM. SOIL ALL
<Jp\J 10. planted to trees: 2 and 3 year old al-
monds of the best variety ; In the eastern fruit belt.
Contra Co3ta County; terms easy. Apply to
FRANK M. WILLS, Antioch, Cal.
1 ()(\ ACRhS~oTt~AN"Y PORT 1 0: 2 HOURS'
X\J\J drive from city: suitable for raising vege-
tables, chickens or flowers; plenty of water at a
depth of 7 feet; price $100 per acre. ASHTON «_
GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
8 ACRES GARDEN LAND IN ROSS VALLEY,
*-> orchard and running stream • old improvements;
$3000. Address J. TUNSTKAI), San Rafael.
CHEAP— ACRE LAND, HOUSE AND 121-
-\J provements. Inquire at 427 Hayes st.
Stl;D FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
for sale. WOOSTER & WH ITTON. San Jose.
LITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN: IM-
proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly lm proven,
with small house, etc. D. H. TWISU, bonoma
City. It, quire HS2 Market Kt.. S. F.
• PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
KOO I'OTS— FROM $50 TO $20.000 ~~
*■»" 'V/ 20 houses and lots, from $1250 t0.. 510,000
50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 10...* bO O JO
20 houses, Oakland and Aiameda. $1000 to 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from $203 to 3,000
Millinery-store in country town 1800
4 flats, lot 50x114.....; 5,000
1 good lot In city...;.. 150
2 lota. Ocean View, 50x125 . ' 600
WHAT HAVE YOU TO OFFER? . '
I SELL AND EXCHANGE ,
All kinds of property.- —
_ H. C. DECKEK. 1020 Market^, opposite Fifth.
SAN RAFAEL RESIDENCE :'B~RbOMS<, ETC.":
accepted street: value $1000; will exchange
for city residence. J. R. ROCK, San Rafael.
GROCERY -STORK Foil SALE OR EX-
-1 change for city property. Apply 499 Haight.
1 OQO ACRES TIMBER USD, KERN CO.:
1 -.O" mtter; fine for cattle-raising. N..hx.16,Ca1l
—————————_____ _
MONEY TO LOAX.
ANY AMOUNT; IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES;
A estates, undivided interests, real estate In pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, room* 2-3.
\i ON LOANED ON JEWISLRY AND
J.U other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
II tit) Market st.. nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
C. HICKOK & CO., 8731/ a MARKET ST.,
• loans money at lowest rates.
MO&TGAG LOANS ON COLLATttUA- S:
low rates. Hylvaiu Saloman ± C0.,;-)2S Moutgy
IRECT ON- YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays; no commissions: low
Interest. Km. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
?V4.KLAND LOANS ON MORTGAGES
v/ on improved real estate can be received on
short notice rt current of Interest. Apply to
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth St., Oakland".
1 Ann To 53000 to LOAN ON real
CD X\J\J\J estate on Installments. • Address Prin-
cipal, box 74, Call Office.
o*loo 000 TO loan ON LiFE INBUR-
«ipIUU.UUU ance policies. JOSEPH B. TOP-
LITZ, 330 Pine. . -^
IO CAPITAL IN TRUST AT~6 PKR CENT;
the same rate on a 2d mortgage or any other
security, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Ca1l Office.
OAKS ON FURNITURE," PIANOS* AND
diamonds: confidential. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
IST <fc 2D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E3-
— utes;lowest rates: no deIay .MURPHY.62B Mrkt.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JKWELUY, KTO
s\ Columbia l.oun .'.- i.'ollateraJ "tilrt.. 9 firnnt ay».
PAWNBROKERS.
AT 128 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONK Y
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc: low rates: pri* .
vate rooms: elevator: pledcea for sal i cheap.
MEDICAL.
"| ADIES, CONSULT FREE MRS. DR. SCOTT,
XJ 216 Powell st.; only qualified specialist; $ 00
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
A 1— CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
—V stored In a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped" without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular, graduate
physician: SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you win save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MBB. PH. WYETH, 916 Post st., near Larkin.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
irom irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment:
neTer fails: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
ejects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
tbe times; home in confinement. DR. _ MRS.
DAY 14 McAllister St., next Hlbernia Bank; I
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always in one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home: all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
DRS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY~OF
diseases of women and restores all- cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home tor patients: best skill; medical attend-
no: low tees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market sU
CURE CURE FOR ALL~FEMALE DISEASES,
0 from whatever cause: a home in confinement
with every comfort: satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. OWYKK, 226 Turk St.
MRS. DR. WEOENER, PRIVATE HOME IN
confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. . 419 Eddy St..
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY h EM ALK DISEASE.
J. don't fall to see MRS. DR. PUETZ, 254y a 4th.
T ADIES — GERMACIDE CAPSULES PRE-
Xj vents. safe, sure; pills x>o longer required*
»1 60 per box. Q. S. P. Co.. 1031 Marie st,. 3. F.
1 \U. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER taTKKKT, NEAR
JL/2Joni*n. Diseases of women and children. .
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTIIEU'SCAKB.
MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Kighth st..Aiamcda.
A LPKAITB FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
xi Indies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 50 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
DENTISTS.
DR. L. T. I KANZ— KXi KACTIOX PATN r LKSs7
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., cor. Grant aye.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 769 MAR-
J ket, bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artillclal teeth
Inn $5: finings frm SI ; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<E«7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A.S
V£> I good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater..
R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET- ST..
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. v
ONKBT WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICES.
DR. HARDCASTLE, 623 Montgomery, rm. 1.
ULL SET OF TEETH, $7: WARRANTED
five years. . DR. V, CAVaLsKV. 24 Sixth st.
QET OFTKETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
D O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si. ; j .
I\R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THK GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge, work or «eatn
without any plate, moved from 6 ia US o'Farrell st.
AINLESS- EXTRACTION. 5,60 c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up: 13 veari'
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815^ Geary.
I R. H. H. SHAW, 22* KEARNY — BRIiXiK-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:80 to a.
OtiTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. HUtf MAIT
\~J ket st. . DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J.J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
.■•A WORK REASONABLE AND WABr
il ranted. DU- 1. W. £j£Y. ll'ii Market su
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ffl»1 WHAT IT WILL DO. ~ ! ~~
<TX. , We are offering a few lots at half their
value in order to close out partnership affairs in
several tracts on terms of SI cash, balance $1
weekly: this is beyond any question the greatest
offer ever made In Oakland for desirable residence
property: electric ca/s. street graded, city water
and surrounded by handsome improvement 1 !; call,
at once and investigate for yourself: 20 lots sold
last week. LAYMANCK, 466 Eighth st., Oakland.
"|7<ORSALE— A BEAUTIFUL3IA-ACRE FRUIT
_ and poultry ranch, with corapie c stock: close
to Oakland: $ 2500; 8750 down. E. HILL, 3-1 Dono-
hoe building, San Francisco. .
\V E HAVE fl*oo AND UPWARD TO. LOAN
*» on Oakland improved real estate at 8 per cent
Interest; smaller amounts at higher rates: reason-
able current expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON,
broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland. ■„.
TTENTION BUILDEIH»— PARTIES DE-
siring to build homes or houses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention Riven to alterations or repairs; plans aud
speculations furnished free of charge. a. II
BLOW, 1010 Broadway. .
HOUSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes 10
Broadway, Oakland: street work all done; sewers,
pas and water In. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, EDWARD DICK, agent, Frultvale ata-
tlon. ■ • .
OAKLAND" ROOMS TO LET.
MARRIED COUPLE~CAi*PsECITRiriPL^AS-
ant roams with board in private family; I'ieu-
mont avc. X. Y. 8., box 2, Call Office, Oakland.
rpHREE, 4, 5, 6, 7 ROOMED 1 i 1 1 1 McJS: $& TO
-i H9j modern. CAPT. BADGER, 953 Seventh
aye.. Clinton station. •
ALAMEDA ADJFERIISKIbHK
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA KEAL ESTATE.
t^ oirxvLEr~"""~~~~ ■****"*■ ~~~ ~~-~
$2200— 550 cash: $22 50 monthly; 5 rooms and
batb: new colonial cottage.
$2800-No cash: $V 5 monthly: ! SSxlOO: corner
house : ({rooms and but..
$3000— 550 cash; S3O monthly: 33:4x100; 5
rooms and bath: handsome now cottage.
?3bOO-$2OO cash: $3!) snontnly; 33x150: 6
rooms and bain; elegaut cottage on principal
driveway.
$SSOO-fIOO cash: $35 monthly: 33x100; 7
rooms and bath; handsome colonial coUa;e.
HOUSES TO LET— FROM $10 UP.
All the above houses are situated on Improved
streets, near schools and stations: gas, sewer and
water connections >>erieot.
TO LET.
Elpcant, jinnnr and perfectly new stores, with
rooms in rear and flats above if desired rent rea-
sonable; location central; a', stations and on prin-
cipal streets.
OPEN SUNDAYS AND HOLIDAYS.
MARCUSE & KEMMEL. Ba7-st station. Ala-
meda, and 628 Market st., S. F.
VOX SALE. :
A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE.
Two-story house: modern In every respect; 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Aiameda; for sale
at bargain: terms easy; also new cottages on In-
stallments in desirable locations
■W. HOOPER, real estate, 1329 Park st.
FOB SALE— A BEAUTIFUL RESIDENCE: 2-
-1 story house— modern In every respect— of 9
rooms and bath; between broad and narrow gauge
stations; neighborhood best in Alameda; for sale
at a bargain; terms easy. Also new cottages on
Installments in desirable locations. W. H.
HOOPER, Real Estate, 1329 Park st.
T?OR a ALE— ' " : . . ,--...- . "
X House X rooms and bath. Central aye.: house 4
rooms. '.-rand St.; cottage 6 rooms, Everett St.;
on lone time and easy terms, or will exchange tor
Kan Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, tLDRIDGE _ CO.,
638 .Market St.,
. San Francisco, Cal.
C»l 7~n MODERN COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS
«] 1. I >Ju. aud bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
$3600— NE. cor.: new: 6 rooms «nd bath: open
plumbing, etc.: $250 cash, $30 a mouth. No. 78K.
*:;ioo— :?loo cash, $25 a month: tine 6-room cot-
ta?e; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 606.
$5000— Elegant new house: 8 rooms: must be
sold: $500 cash, $40 per month. . No. 671.
$2800— snap: $150 cash, $25 per month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No. 752.
93500— New modern 2-story: 7 rooms and bath;
$250 cash. $30 per month. No. 66J.
Houses to let in all parts of Aiameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO., 1432 Park St., Aiameda.
V W COLONIAL HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
— 1 rooms, just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west irom Park st.; lot 36x140; rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted and f rescued: parlor enam-
eled in old ivory, mantel white and sold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glass throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room; plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure if you wish to buy it will suit you. GEOROK
a. M. PRAY, 463 Ninth st., Oakland. .
ARE CHANCE TO SECURE A HOME ON
easy terms; 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-
story dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up;
$150 cash; balance on easy monthly payments to
suit. Address A. R. DEN KE, real estate, archl-
tect and builder, 1503 Seventh st.. Alameda.
© 1 fin TO $250 DOWN, 526 MONTHLY; NEW
A v \J 6 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc : with lArge
lot: $2400 to $3000: send for Illustrated book of
Aiameda, free. - Alameda Land Company, 1500
Park ■.. Ala— eda.
A LAM DA HOUSES TO LET.
TITO RENT OR LEASE FURNISHED— LARGE
X modern house, grounds and stables: garden
kept In order by owner: terms moderate. Apply
1433 Hieh st., corner Santa Clara aye., Hlgh-st.
it inn. N. G. •
_• BMMgJSI KKAL ESTATE.
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building, 2123 Center St.. Berkeley. .
~ "■ . BEKKELEY houses. ; "
TV'OR RENT— AN ELEGANT R^sTdENOEmSf"
-F 12 rooms, Dwlgbt way, Berkeley: beaut Ifni
grounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc, M. L. "WURTS,
Dwlght-way station. .■-■■.-
-■ ■ ■' "~_EGA_~NOTICEST ~
— > th' Board of Directors 0! the San Francisco
and .- an Joaquin Valley Railway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
been called by said board, to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock In
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
paid company, at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
office of said company. No. 321 Market street, in
the city and county of San Francisco, in the State
of California; that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create a bonded Indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, for the 1 urpostj of raising money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, in the
county of Kern, State of California, and to pur-
chase and nay for any other property within the
purposes -of said company, - and to secure the
bonded Indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad and
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company.
By order of the Board of Directors of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
pany. ■ ■
[Corporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACE lE,
Secretary the San Francisco and San Joaquin
• Valley Railway Company. ■
EPARTMENT NO. 9, PROBATE— IN THE
XJ Superior Court in and for the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California.
In the matter of the estate of JEAN LACOSTE,
deceased, No. 17,239.
Notice is hereby given that FRIDAY, the 16th
day of May, A. D. 1896. at 10 o'clock a. m. of said
day, and the courtroom of Department No. 9 of
said court, at the New. City Hall, In the City and
County of San Francisco, Mate of California, have
been appointed as the time and place for proving
the will of said JEAN LACOSTE, deceased, and
for hearing the application of JEAN PIERRE
THEOPHILE LACOSTE, for tbe Issuance to him
of letters testamentary thereon.
Datea April 30, A. D . 1896. <.-•::-,:':
[seal] ••-■ CHARLES F. CURRY, Clerk.
By V. F. Nobthkop, Deputy Clerk.
P. ALEXANDRE BIiROKROT, attorney for
petitioner, rooms 142-143, Crocker building, San
• Francisco. ■ " -.--...
A SSIONEE'S SALE OF PERSONAL PROP-
x_ erty. ■ .- • ..
AT AUCTION. '
I will sell at auction on Wednesday, the 6th day
of Moy, 1896, at 11 o'clock a. m., at the pottery of
A. STKIGER SONS in Insolvency, at South San
Francisco. San Mateo County, «"a!iiornia,all sewer-
pipe, terra cotta, material, drainpipe,- firebrick,
common brick, horses, wagons, carts, one 42-foot
piledriver. etc., etc I will also sell at auction on
May 11. 1896, at 2 p. x., at the corner ' of Eighth
and Market streets, - Can < Francisco, Cal., terra-
cotta ware of said insolvents consisting of chimney-
tops, vas-s, caps, etc. For further information see
list on bulletin board at the office of the S. F. Board
of Trade, 202 Market st.
• J.H. LYNDON, Assignee of A. STEIGER
SONS in Insolvency. -- - .
/ PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS FOR RAISING AND EN-
larging a school building, for beating and
ventilating a school building, lor, building a
concrete bulkhead and for constructing water
closets — Sealed proposals will be . received by the
Superintendent of Common Schools, in open ses-
sion of the Board of Education, new City Hall,
San Francisco, on WEDNESDAY, May 13, 1896,
at 8:80 o'clock p. _, lor raising and enlarging the
Berniil Heights Primary School building, for heat-
Ing and ventilating sain building: for reconstruct-
ing a concrete bulkhead at the North Cosmopoli-
tan Grammar School, and constructing. water
closets at the Columbia Grammar and Harrison
Primary schools, in accordance ' with plans and
specifications laud conditions named therein) at
the office of CHARLES I. HAVKNS, architect of
the board, room 56, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
QBlre.; UEO_G_ bkansxON. Secretary. |
~~~. „ _^. HORSES. -^ ' _ -^
V OR saTe-fTrst^class black~car^
J nagetcani: young, sound, gentle; weight 1300;
cheap. Address 1380 Sanchez. - . ■ .-•.-.".
40 HORSES FOR SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
~ v buggies, c»rts, haroess; Grand Arcade Horse
Market. 327 Sixth su; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN, DoYLE, Auctioneers.
1 Oil SIiT , S SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
XV/> ' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORDES PASTURED} SEND FOR CIRCU-
)ar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
TF YOU WANT TO BUY. SELL OR BX-
X change horses, buggies, wagons or harness you
will find it to your advantage to call at Derby Sale
Stable, cor. Geary and' Leavenworth sts.; auction
sales every Tuesday at 11 o'clock. C R. MARTIN,
proprietor. S. WATKINS, auctioneer.
1 en sets NEW A.M 1 Second-hand HAR-
XO\J ness: all kinds: wagons, bngaies, horses and
scrapers: sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T\li. C. H. WESTPHAL, VKTERINARY BUR-
I " teon for S. F. Police Department. Otlice anl
hospital, 181 Cltv Hal! »vi>. • rolpphona south -40
WAGONS AND CAKKIAGES.
■'INK TRAP: 'i LOW PHAETONS: 3 OPEN
-T surreys; 3 ci>nopy-top surreys: 2 extension top
rockaways: 2 dogcarts; 1 carryfoor. Fifteemb
and Valencia sts. ■ . ■ ■ .
• DIVOKCE PROCEEDINGS.
Divorce m-ante-1:
Agnes A. Fisher from William F. Fisher, for
cruelty ; by Judge Hunt.
Charles T. Coo:< from iimily Cook, for desertion;
by Judge Murphy. • ■■ -
Alimony proceed!
Joseph Rot>ertson vs. Alta Q. Robertson. • Plarn-
tiff ordered by J uJge Hunt to pa/ defendant $20
a month.
BIRTHS---3SARRIAOES— I>EAim
[Birth, marriage and death notices sent by mall
will not be Inserted. Thpy must be handed In a",
either the publication o'_ces and be inJorvl
with tiM name and residence of pera jus authorlzaJ
to have the aauio published. J
BOKff.
CROCKER-In this city. April 30, 1896, to the
wife of Aaron Crjcicer, a son.
GRAY— In this city. April 29. 1893. toth* wife of
M. K. Gray, a son.
JOLLY— In Denver, Colo., April 27. 1896, to the
wife of E. .1. Jolly, a son.
MICIIAELS-In this city. May 2. ir.96, to the
wife of Ike Michaels, a son.
ONKEN-In thiscltv. April 23. 1893, to the wife
of John William Onken, a daughter.
QUIRT— In this city. May 3,1896, to ;he wife of
John Quirt, a daughter.
MARRIED.
GALBRAITU— DECK— In mis city. May 3, 1896,
by the Rev. Wiillam N. Mi-serve, Leon Gal-
bruith and Annie Deck.
HANSEN— WOODIIAMS— In this city. April 20,
1898. by the Rev. C. Hoel. John Louis ilansen
and Mary A. Woodhams, bo:h of San Francisco.
KOCH-lI*NSEN —In this city. April 19, 1896,
by the Rev. C. Hoel. Chnrlos E. Koch and Au-
gusta Hansen. both of San Francisco. .
MATTSON— NIELSEN— In this city. April 10.
189 R, by the Rev. C. Hoel, Samuel Mattson and
.Melsine M. Nielsen.
Fargones, Martha Hansel, Johann C.
Boyle, Annie Kelly, Thomas
Cannon, John Leahy. David
CudJini{ton, Agnes R. Locke, Sabrlna
Couper. Walter McCarthy, Jeremiah
Crow. Adelaide Markewitz, Ain,us.
Cunningham, John F. Reeder. James A.
Friant. Maria A. S. de Sprague. C. J.
BARGONES— In this city. May 4, 15 96, Martha,
beloved daughter of the late James Bargones and
of Lola Rarrones, and sister of James, Peter and
Jessie Bar2ones and Sarah, Santos and Thomas
Guido, a native of San Francisco, aged ltf yean
2 mouths and 12 days. -
AiyFrlendj ' and acquaintances are resoect-
ful'y invited to attend the funeral THURSDAY,
May 7, at 1:30 o'clock p. _ from her late
residence, 2014 Dupont street . near Bay.
BOYLE— In this city. May 2. 1896. Annie, beloved
wife of James Boyle, and mother of John C. (de-
ceased), Edward N., Maggie, Sister M. Selena,
James H. and Annie Boyle, a native of Ireland,
aged 56 years.
A3* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock a. _ from her late
resilience, 1305 Larkin street, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and O'Far-
reli street, where a requiem high muss will
be celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock a. _ Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. . •
CANNON— In Ocean View. May 3, 1896, John,
. beloved husband of Jane Cannon, and father of
John, Joseph. William and Lillian Cannon, Mrs.
Annie Smith . and Mrs. Mamie Leahey, and
nrotner of Stephen Cannon, a native of the parish
of Kiltruston, County Roscommon, Ireland.
KiTFrieuas and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral -THIS DAY
"(Tuesday), at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from his late
residence. Mission road, near - Boots's Park,
Ocean View, thence to St. Michael's Church.
Ocean View, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 10 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
CODDINGTGN-— ln this city, May S, 1896, Agnes
R., beloved daughter of G. B. and the late Agnes
Coddington. a native of San Francisco, aged 2
years and 1 month.
COUPER— In this city. May 4, 1896, Walter, be-
loved son of A. and Lena Couper, and brother of
: Ralph Couper, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
: years 11 months and 29 days.
JtSTFrlends and acquaintances are resnect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at _ o'clock p. m., from the
residence ot the parents, 311 Eureka street, near
Twentieth. Interment I o. O. F. Cemetery.
CROW— In this city. May 4, 1896, Adelaide V.,
- beloved wife of ■ Henry, and mother of Ora,
Harry and Maude Crow, a native of Canada,
aged 54 years.
CUNNINGHAM— In this city. May i 4, 1896, John
I., beloved husband of Annie, and father of
Annie Cunningham, and brother of the late Pat-
rick Cunningham, a native of the parish of Kil-
toom, County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 52
year*.
DST Friends and acquaintances are resnect-
fnlly Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 O'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street, imermeus Mount Calvary Cemetery. -
FRIANT-In San Jose. April 28, 1896, Maria A.
S. de Friant, wife of Alfred FrlautSr., a native of
Mexico.
HANSEL— In this city, May 3. 1896 Jobann
Carl, beloved son of Charles and Anna Hansel, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and 23 days.' ■ .'.;:■■•
Friends and acquaintances are rei need-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock p.m., from the resi-
dence of his parents. Falcon avenue and Twen-
. tieth street. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery. .
KELLY'— In this city. May 4, 1896, Thomas Kelly,
late porter of St. Mary's Cathedral, a native of
Ireland, aged 55 years.
jV9~Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday) at 9:30 o'clock a. _ from the par.
lors of Carew & English. 19 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street, thence to St. Mary's Cathe-
dral, corner O'Karr?ll street and Van Ness
avenue, where a solemn requiem high mass will
be celebrated for the : repose of his soul, com.
; mencing at 10 o'clock a. it. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
LE AH Y-In this city. May 3, 1 896. David J., be-
loved husband of EMfeabeth Leahy, and father of
Madeline, William and Frank Leahy, a native of
the city of Cork, Ireland, aged 50 years.
BEST Notice of funeral hereafter. •
LOCKE— In this city. May 4. 1896. Saorina, be-
loved wife of M. M. Locke, and mother of Mrs. D.
L. Farnsworth. a native of Lyman. N. H., aged
73 years and. 5 months. .. . - • ••
-> Friends and acquaintances am resDect-
fully Invited, to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock a. m., - from the
residence of D. L. Farns worth, 125 Golden Gate
avenne.
MCCARTHY— in this city, May 4. 1896. at bis
residence, 1413 Valencia street, Jeremiah
McCarthy, beloved father of Mrs. L. Dunn, Mrs.
F. Pretorlaps and John J. and Annie McCarthy,
a native of Ireland, aged 81 years. •
gi" Notice or funeral hereafter.
MARKE WITZ— In this city, May 3, 1836. August,
beloved husband of Bessie, and father of Mabel
' and Milton Markewitz. a native of Germany,
a<ed 67 years and 1 month. [New York' and
Matte wan papers please copy.l ■ • ; 'f -'"
, Friends ■ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY.
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock a. m.. from B'nal B'rlth
1 Hall, 121 Eddy street, where the services will
be held under the auspices of. Doric Lodge No.
216, F. and A.M. 'Iwiermeat Home of Peace
, Cemetery, by 11 :45 o'clock a. _. train. ... V
REEDER— In this city. May 3, 1896, James A.,
beloved husband of Louise Reeder. and father of
James F. Reeder, a native of Pennsylvania,
aged 73 years. , . j ...- '.-'- ...... ... '.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend t!i« funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock p. it, from Bethel
A. M. E. Church,' Powell and Jackson streets.
' Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. • • ■ , :
SPRAGUE— In ; Oakland, May 3, : 1896, C. J.
: Sprague. . „_ ...
I UNITED -UNDERTAKERS' I
EMBALMING PARLORS.
. Everything Requisite for First-ctiwj Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. :•. ;
Telephone south 167. 27 and 29 Fifth st.
I McAVOY A GALLAGHER, T
FUNERAL DIRECTORS 4 EJIBALMKBS,
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
] ; >$' : Telephone 8080.
MoMKsomnr. - Chab. McMk*o_»t.
- JAMES MoMEWOME- — SON.
HMD— BTAKERS AND E9IBA_aiE_S,
1057 Mission Street. Near Seventh.
| - [[ .' [ -- • Telephone _«. 336- ____^
JAS. ENGLISH. 4 I- T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
. UNDERTAKERS- AND EMBALMERS,
" , FUNERAL DIRECTOBS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San .Francisco
Telephone So, 156. :• ■■> -.-'■„. : r .:-.--,/ x.y - -v-
1516
SINGLE-TAXERS
ON A NEW TACK,
They Will Ask for an
Amendment to the Con
stitution.
ARTICLE XIII ATTACKED
A Substitute for This Would Rev
olutionize the Collection
of Revenue.
TO MAKE THE TAX POSSIBLE.
It Will Place in the Hands of the
People of the State the Power
Necessary.
The single-taxers of California are about
to make a concerted movement to secure
an amendment of the State constitution
which shall place it within the power of
the people of the State to institute the
single tax.
At a meeting of single-tax men held in
the office of Joseph Leggett this action was
finally determined upon.
The amendment proposed is in the form
JOSEPH LEGGETT, A PROMINENT SINGLE-TAX ADVOC4TE.
of a subsitute for Article XIII on revenue
and taxation, and as prepared reads as fol
lows:
Article XIII.
Section 1. The Legislature shall provide for
the levying of taxes and the raising of revenue
In 6uch manner as it shall deem just.
Sec. 2. All taxes shall be uniform upon the
same class of subjects within the territorial
-limits ot the authority levying the tux, and
shall be levied, assessed and collected as the
Legislature shall direct.
Sec. 3. The power of taxation shell never be
surrendered or suspended by any grant or
contract to which the State shall be a party.
Sec. 4. Land and the improvements thereon
shall b« separately assessed. Land of the same
quality or similarly situated, whether used or
unused, shall be assessed at the same value.
Sec. 5. All lands which have been seetion
ized by the United States Government shall
be assessed for the purposes of taxation by sec
tions or fractions of sections. The Legislature
shall provide by law for the assessment of all
lands not sectionized by the United states
Government.
Sec. (5. The Legislature may provide for the
payment of all taxes by installments.
Sec. 7. The Legislature shall have power to
enact all laws necessary to carry out the pro
visions of this article.
"The adoption of this amendment,''
said Mr. Leggett yesterday, "will give
to the Legislature full power over the
subject of taxation and open the way for
the speedy attainment of such reforms in
the mode of raising revenue as the pro
gressive thought of the time demands.
The vast number of amendments pro
posed to Article XIII of the constitution
at the two last sessions of the Legislature
proves that general public dissatisfaction
with the present method of raining reve
nue is widespread. In 1894 amendments
exempting free public libraries and free
museums, fruit and nut bearing trees
under the age of four years ami grape
vines under the age of three years from
taxation were adopted by the people by
overwhelming majorities.
"This fact proves that the people of this
State are beginning to perceive the folly of
taxing the products of labor. The just and
rational demand beginning to come from
the manufacturers of California for reason
able exemptions from taxation of at least a
portion of their capital, plant and product,
and a like demand from the ship-owners of
Ban Francisco to be relieved from the bur
dens of taxation upon their shipping,
prove that a more feasible and uirect
means of securing reform in taxation than
by the slow and expensive methods of
constitutional amendments has come to be
an absolute necessity. The exigencies of
business and the necebsities of manufactur
ers at the present time call for prompt re
lief, and the only way in which this can be
secured is by giving to the Legislature full
jurisdiction over all matters of taxation."
James S. Reynolds said last evening on
the subject: "One of the greatest obstacles
to the adoption of the tingle tax is the
dense ignorance as to the present mode of
raising revenue. Not one man in ten can
describe, even approximately, the gro
tesque scheme of robbery which we have
devieed for the bedeviiment of every per
son unfortunate enough to have anything
he cannot hide, and by courtesy called
HEW TO-DAT.
TACpAW
BLEEDING
My little boy *v afflicted with Eczema in
acute form for a year, during which we tried
without success every known remedy. The dis-
order appeared on the right cheek and wa« of a
bliftery and bloody form. His pillow, mornings,
would bear the bloody imprint of the «ide of bis
face, while it was impossible to prevent him
from scratching his face owing to the licbine
Advised to try Cimcuiu, I bought a box. The
first application was made at night, and it is a
fact, that the appearauce of the affected paris
showed a noticeable improvement the nextmorn-
ing, and, continuing the treatment, as a result,
my child ha* as fair and smooth akin as can be
found anywhere.
W. 8. NEKDHAM, Pataskala, O.
Spbkdt CrEt Tbiathixt. — Warm baths with
Coticuba Bo*r, ?entl« «ppliratjon» of Citiccra (oint-
ment), the (treat t-kin cure, and mild dotes of Ccti'ltba
Rzsolvekt, jjreateit of humor enres.
Bold throughout tbe world. Price, Cctitora Me i
BoAr, 2Se.; Rmoltext. 40c. and #1. Potter Droo
AMD CSEK. Cobp., Sole Prom., Bo.ton.
W> '• flaw to Cure X.itM biin Dutut." mailed in*. J
taxation. So it is often necessary to ac
quaint a man with the law as it is before
he is amenable to argument in favor of a
better way.
"Show him that the State constitution
requires land, improvements, personal
property of every description to be taxed,
with poli taxes thrown in, and also how
unequally they bear heaviest on those least
able to bear them, and he is then able to
appreciate the simple method of the single
tax on Jand values. Then give him a few
short lessons, showing how a single tax on
land values cannot be otherwise distributed
equitably among the people in exact pro
portion as each makes use of land and
then let him go and think it out for him
self. He ♦ill come around a sure enough
single-taxer all right."
WILL FIRE A SALUTE.
Various Arrangements Being Made for
t lie Celebration of Bunker
Hill Day.
The Bunker Hill Association held its
regu-lar meeting last evening.
The following communication was read
from the War Department, "Washington,
D. C, relative to firing a salute:
Washington. D. C, April 28, 1896.
Sir: Agreeable to the wishes expressed in
your letter of the Bth inst., I have directed a
salute to be fired from the lorts in the harbor
oi Ban Francisco, Cal., on June 17, 1896, the
anniversary of the battle of Bunker Hill. Very
respectfully, Joseph B. doe.
Assistant Secretary of War.
The literary committee reported having
engaged a quartet of male and female
voices to sing ilie "Star-Spangled Ban
ner" and the "Red, White and Blue."
The committee was also instructed to se
cure the services of Joaquin Miller as poet
of the day.
The committee on transportation and
grounds reported that the grounds at Glen
Ellen will be put in tine condition, and
that the pavilion will be profusely dec
orated with flags and bunting.
The committee on printing issued sev
eral other large contracts, and will peti
tion the Board of Supervisors to extend a
large banner across Market street.
Communications were read from several
other societies who will petition the Gov
ernor to make the 17th of June a legal
holiday.
WILLIAMSON IS ANNOYED,
Would Have Voted for Weaver's
Removal at the Latter's
Request.
The Report That Ei Was Bought Off
With Patronage Indignantly
Denied.
Dr. Williamson of the Board of Health,
who has been the friend of Superintendent
Weaver of the Almshouse first, last and
all the time during the efforts of the
other members to oust him, is annoyed
and very indignant at the printed state
ments that he has been coaxed by
promises of patronage to desert Mr.
Weaver and vote for his removal.
"It is a malicious falsehood," he said
last evening, "and I would give much to
learn where it started. As a matter of
fact it was my intention to vote for the
removal of the Weavers at the next meet
in of the board, but for very different
reasons than those ascribed in the articles
in the evening papers.
"If I do not vote for a change in the
Almshouse management it will be at the
special instance and request of Mr. Weaver
himself. He called at my office recently
in company with his wife' and asked me
to vote for his removal. H» stated that
the position I had taken in the matter had
made friction in the board and made mo
more or less a mark for criticism by the
other members, and he desired to relieve
me of this and also of the chance of being
removed by the Governor to make room
for some one who would act with the ma
jority in making changes.
"Mr. Weaver saia definitely that he in
tended making a right in the courts to be
reinstated as superintendent, and that he
would prefer to have a friend on the board
if the case ever came into court.
"I was, and have always been, opposed
to the taking of the matter into the courts
to retain his position, because of the cer
tainty ot a greater or less loss in the way
of efficiency in the management of the
Almshouse during the litigation, but as
long as he desired it I promised to vote
for his removal, and should certainly have
done so except for the manner in which
the false report has been sent broadcast.
"I have not given the matter the consid
eration it deserves and do not know now
just how I shall vote when the question
comes up before the board.
"I certainly do not care to rest under the
imputation of having been bribed by
patronage into doing Governor Budd's
bidding. I would not care to lose mv po
sition as a member of the Board of Health
but 1 certainly would have allowed my
self to be removed by the Governor rather
than have voted for Mr. Weaver's removal
to make a political plum for some one had
not the superintendent made the request
he aid."
THE CONSUL IS BETTER.
Mr». Booth-Tucker Will Meet the Com
mander of the Salvation Army.
Commander Booth-Tucker of theSalva
vation Army has wired the organization
here announcing his arrival to-morrow
night.
On that evening Consul-Booth Tucker
the wife of : the commander, who has
been quite ill in this City, but who is now
on the mend, will preside at a general
meeting of the local corps at the Market
street headquarters. ■
-.—. — » »
Missionary Lecture.
Rev. J. Cummings Smith will deliver the
third lecture at the Missionary Extension
School to-morrow evening nt 7:45. His sub
ject will be " The Miracles of Christ."
"Femina" is a book which should be read by
every woman. The author of this book feels
called upon to give free consultations to women
and children from 2 to 4 at his Polycllnic
Pharmacy, 10-18 Valencia street, corner HilL
Agents wanted tor "Femina." •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, MAY 5, 1896.
VINES STRUGGLING
WITH A NEW FOE,
Some Mysterious Disease
Affecting Riparia
Variety.
DYING BY THOUSANDS.
It Is Believed to Have Been
Caused by Last Summer's
Hot Spells.
NO KEMEDY SO FAR FOUND.
Only Riparias Are Affected and Re
sistant Stock Has Received a
Severe Setback.
Vineyardists in Napa Valley are begin
ning to wonder whether they have not
made a mistake in planting the riparia to
protect them from phylloxera. Not that
the riparia is not resistant, but it has sud
denly succumbed to a peculiar disease and
condition, and as a result one-half the ri
parias from Oakville to Calistoga are dead
or dying.
Last August it was found that some of
the riparias suddenly sickened and died,
but it was by no means a general affection ;
but this spring, when the wine men got
ready to graft upon their resistants, they
found the riparias had died by the thou
sands. It was at first thought to be the
dreaded Anaheim disease, which played
such havoc in the southern vineyards, but
opinions were by no means certain on this
point. In every case where the vine was
affected, an investigation showed that its
roots were diseased, and in some cases en
tirely dried up.
What caused most apprehension, how
ever, was the fact that often, in a patch
in which there were both resistant and
non-resistant stock, only the riparias
were affected ; they died by the wholesale
alongside non-resistant vines, which were
flourishing beautifulJy. This of course
disproved another theory— that the ri
parias had lost their resisting character
istics, but the solution was as vexing and
as far off as ever, nor has it yet been ex
plained with perfect satisfaction to all.
The riparia is a native vine, growing
growing wild in this State and along the
Mississippi. The riparia from the Missis
sippi is the more satisfactory of the two,
and for that reason was planted much
more extensively than the California vine.
It is m<re hardy and makes a vine more
suitable for receiving a graft.
The method employed is to plant the
resistant cuttings or rootlings, and after
two, three or four years to graft upon
them the variety desired. The vine is
then secure from the ravages of phyl
loxera. Why this is so is not definitely
known, but it is so. When the phylloxera
appeared in Napa Valley, therefore, re
sistant stock was eagerly sought, and
among others the Lenoir and the Riparia
were planted. The Kin.iria was the favor
ite because of its rapid growth, and thou
sands of acres were planted to it. The
vineyards so planted and grafted were
proof against phylloxera, but this new
agent of destruction which has appeared
against the Riparia and its grafts only has
caused no end of anxiety.
John Wheeler, executive officer for the
Viticultural Commission for the Napa dis
trict and managing the California Wine
makers' Corporation, says he has had
more experience with this new visitation
than probably any one else.
"I think it is due to the hot spells we
had last summer," he said, while speak
ing on the subject. "The Riparia is a vine
whose roots lie along the surface. Every
one who has plan tea them Knows the
way they run to surface roots. Now when
we have hot weather it dries the soil, par
ticularly such soil as we have in Xapa
Valley— the gravelly loam— to auite a
depth. This deprives the Riparia of mois
ture, and it must have moisture. As a
consequence it dies out, where other vines,
more deeply rooted, will live without
trouble.
"The Lenoir is such a vine. The Lenoir
strikes its roots straight down. It has few
if any surface roots, and it takes moisture
from far below the upper layer which is
dried by the sun. This i 3 the only expla
nation I can give for the disease and
the only one I have heard which seems
even to explain it. I have started 200,000
Lenoirs this year and I think they will do
well.
"The Riparias began to die about last
August and there was quite a stir over it,
but the full magnitude of the ravages of
the disease was not appreciated until the
vineyard men began to graft this spring.
Then they found thousands which were
dead. I estimate that between Oakville
and Calistoga over half the Ripasias are
dead. The loss in money I cannot at
tempt to estimate.
"We have mistaken our conditions, I
think. That is all. The soil of Napa
Valley dries too easily for the Riparia, and
so we must plant Lenoir. 1 have not
heard of the Riparias being injured in
clay soils, so I think our gravelly loam is
to blame. My advice would be to plant
Lenoir unless where the subsoil or bed
rock is close to the surface."
Professor George Hussmann discusses at
some length in the St. Helena the nature
of the peculiar ailment. Professor Hnss
mann held in a Missouri college the same
relative position that Professor Hilgard
holds at the University of California. He
was much interested, financially and other
wise, in introducing the Riparia to this
State. In his communication he says:
That we have a disease, especially in the
upper part of the valley, attacking Riparia
viues, there can no longer be any doubt. As
all Riparia vines here, in the lower part of the
valley and in the oldest vineyards in Sonoma
County, have been perfectly healthy until
now, I have been loth to believe it, but an in
vestigation and talk with Messrs. Beringer
Brothers, whose vineyard has been a model
of health and beauty until last August, has
convinced me to the contrary. So far
I had ascribed the failure to other
causes, uncongenial soil, poor cultivation,
etc. But here we have a vineyard on as
good soil ate pan bn found in the valley,
well cultivated and takon care of all summer,
witn splendid growth and promise, suddenly
stricken in August, until about 2000 vines are
already dead and a number more dying. These
are facts and we cannot ignore them. Yet tno
vineyard of Mrs. Chabot, planted with Ripa
rias, grafted when four years old, has shown
splendid results the past two years and is per.
iectiy healthy yet. That it is not phylloxera
Mr. Beringer is firmly convinced, although the
ground is full of the insect, which has destroyed
a couple of rows planted with vinifera at the
same time in the middle of the vineyard be
fore they ever came into bearing. The most
r uzzlinjr feature about it is that most vines die
from the tops downward, but he has alsoiound
vines where the roots were dead while the tops
were aoparently green and healthy. • • •
There are others who believe that the vines
are afflicted with a real disease and people are
anxiously looking for some remedy or pre
ventive.
SOME GOOD FEES.
Twelve Thousand to KeceiTer Bennett
and Sixteen Thousand to Reddy,
Campbell & Metson.
Judge Seawell has allowed Sanford Ben
nett, receiver of the San Mateo Electric
Railway during the course of the long liti
gation over it, $12,000. His services lasted
over two years.
The fee of the firm of Reddy, Campbell
& Metson, the receiver's attorneys, was
lixed at the sum demanded by CaniDbell,
$10,000. There was no opposition on the
part of the creditors of the road to tne
payment of this fee. Keceiver Bennett
wanted $15,000, but the bondholders ob
jected, and on Saturday last a long discus
sion took place, which resulted in the de
cision given yesterday. City and County
Treasurer Wiciber put in a claim for com
pensation for the trouble of handling the
$300,000 paid for the railroad and of pay
ing out the various sums demanded from
time to time. Judge Seawell took the ap
plication under advisement, expressing
some doubt as to whether he had the
power to grant it.
Cut With a Cawing Knife.
Mrs. Mary Leishman, 432 Minua street, ac
companied by her husband, appeared in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday and swore out a
warrant for the arrest of Martha Murray, alias
Mark Walser, ex-Deputy District Attorney of Fresno County, Who Tells the
Story of the Strange Search for the Body of Wootton, the Keedley Rancher.
[Sketched from life by a "Call" artist.]
Amy Hill, on the charge of assault with a
deadly weapon. Mrs. Leishman said that on
February 18 she and Mrs. Murray had some
words aoout their nationality and Mrs. Murray
grabbed a heavy knife and cut her twice on
the hips with it and stabbed her on the shoul
der.
BETRAYED HIS CONFIDENCE
Mrs. M. Bishop Refuses to Part
With John Gleason's
Savings.
She Threw Him Out of Her House
and He Swore Out a Warrant
for Her Arrest.
John Gleason, a blacksmith, appeared in
Judge Low's court yesterday accompanied
by his attorney, Charles G. Nagle. and
swore out a warrant for the arrest of Mrs.
Bishop, proprietress of a rooming-house at
26 and 28 First street on the charge of
felony embezzlement.
Qleason is an old man, who has worked
hard for a living all his life, arid he spoke
bitterly of his treatment by Mrs. Bishop.
"I roomed in her house," he said, "and
about a year ago I went to Mare Island,
where I got a job in a blacksmith shop.
Before going I arranged to send my sav
ings to Mrs. Bishop to keep for me, as I
had the utmost confidence in her and be
lieved tbat the money would be safe with
her.
"I sent her altogether $305 in different
amounts, and when 1 returned about
three weeks ago I got $25 from her. That
was on April 14, and she wrote me out an
acknowledgment, which I have in my
possession, that she had the $305 belong
ing to me less the $25 which she had given
me. °
"This morning I asked her for the re
maining $280. but she refused to give it
up and told me to leave the house. I per
sisted in my demand and she threw me
out. I haven't a penny in the world ex
cept the $280, and I cannot understand
wh V sne should want to keep it from me.
Mrs. Bishop's husband keeps the saloon
on the corner of First and Jessie streets,
and they should not be in need of mv
money."
Mr s- Bishop was arrested last night.
She denied owing Gleason any money,
and said he had been drinking heavily
and not being able to pay his room rent
she turned him out of the house.
Ashley-Baldwin Suit to Be Tried.
Another continuance has been granted in
the suit of Lilian Ashley against E. J. Baldwin,
t will surely be tried at the time just
set however, for then all attorneys will be
l,?\ Thu I sda y morning is the date Judge
Btsek has ordered the case to come up for trial,
'to-morrow evening the Heydenfeldt case,
which is now being argued before Judge Cof
fey, will be finished, and this will release
Messrs. Crittenden and Van Wyck, who are
Miss Asnlcy's attorneys.
HUNTING FOR WOOTTON
A Party of Men Said to Have
Gone to Dig Up His
Body.
REVEALED BY A SPIRITUALIST.
Mark Walser's Story Anent the Mys
terious Disappearance of the
Reedley Rancher.
Mark Walser of Fresno, ex-Deputy Dis
trict Attorney of that county, is at the
Grand. He says that Sunday night just
before he took the train it was stated that
a party of men had left to dig up the body
of William Wootton at a point thirty
miles from Fresno.
The location or alleged location of the
body, Air. Walser says, was revealed by a
Mrs. Graham, a spiritualist medium, for
some years residing in Fresno.
"It appears," said Mr. Walser. "that at
a private seance recently, which a few
people attended, Stanton Abbott, a son of
O. L. Abbott, charged, in connection with
Professor W. A. Sanders, with the dis
appearance of Wootton, asked Mrs.
Graham if she could indicate the crave or
at least the whereabouts of the long mys
teriously absent rancher. She went into
a trance and soon indicated she was in
great trouble. It was supposed to be
unfavorable to Abbott.
"Mrs. Graham finally announced that
Wootton was dead and that he came to his
death by two wounds, one in the head and
one in the shoulder.
•'She said he was buried at a point thirty
miles southeast of Fresno, near the south
east corner of Fresno County, bordering
on the Tulare County line and almost
directly east of Reedley.
"If the party went out after the body, as
was reported, they ought to be back in a
couple of days. If they get the body it
would mean that they would hang Pro
fessor Sanders.
"He was found guilty of the forgery of
the deeds of Wootton's property and
sentenced to prison for seven years. He
is in jail at Fresno on an appeal of his
case.
"William Wootton, the rich Keedley
rancher, disappeared mysteriously from
his ranch two years a^olast February. A
portion of the property was deeded to the
mysterious man Knausch, whom nobody
had ever seen or heard of, and was by him
ostensibly deeded to VV. O. Abbott, a
brother of Stan ton Abbott, the boy in
question. W. 0. Abbott transferred it to
Sanders.
"Its a queer case, and one, as everybody
knows, that has caused a vast amount of
research and conjecture. If the body is at
last found it will create a sensation in
Fresno, as it will elsewhere."
Mr. Walser has come up on legal busi
ness, and will be here two or three days.
HIT WITH A SLUNGSHOT.
Hairy Wilson Arrested on the Com
plaint of Edward Goldenson.
Harry Wilson was arrested last night
by Policeman William Dinan on charges
of assault with a deadly weapon and
carrying a concealed weapon.
The complaining witness is Edward
Goldenson, brother of Alec Goldenson,
who was hanged several years ago for tue
murder of Mamie Kelly. Goldenson said
that he and his wife were going to their
room at 36% Geary street when Wilson
without any provocation struck him over
the head several times with a slungshot.
Wilson told a different story. He said
that Goldenson attacked him first with the
slungshot, and he took it from him and
struck him with it in self-defense.
MIKE, MARTIN AND JERRY.
<< Whiskers " Smith Has Gone to Sacra
mento to Assist Them,
He with tbe luxuriant growth of whis
kers known as Mite Smith, at present a
wharfinger appointed at the especial re
quest of Governor Budd, has gone to Sac
ramento to assist Martin Kelly and Jerry
Mahoney in their political aspirations.
Mike discarded his water-front toga yes
terday afternoon and left on tbe 4 o'clock
train for tne capital, where he expects to
convince the Republican delegates that to
assist Martin Kelly to defeat the Repub-.
lican nominee for Governor is not party
treason.
Smith was one of the loudest partisans
of Republican misrule during the fast State
campaign. He and Kellv boasted of beine
the cause of M. M. Estee's defeat and of
the election of Jim Budd. Now, however,
they have the brazen audacity to try" to
lead the Republican party to another de
feat by seeking to obtain control of the
party in this City.
The reception which will be accorded to
"Whiskers'" on his arrival in Sacramento
by the friends of Estee will be worth
noting when he makes his mission known.
No doubt Martin and Jerry will hail
him after the fashion of a drowning man
grasping at the straw.
Damages for a Death.
Mrs. Susan F. Boyle is suing S. and G. Gump
for $50,000 damages for the death of her hus
band, William P. Boyle. Boyle was crushed in
an elevator belonging to the defendants oti
April 24, 1395. Boyle ran the sidewalk ele
vator up in order to reach the iron doors and
open them, but he could not stop the elevator
and was crushed. The four children are made
parties to the suit.
NEW TO-DAT.
BST AUCTION
WEDNESDAY, MAY 6, AT 12 M. \
OF
8^ Real Estate.
Income tenement property, No. 108 Langton
street, rents $41. ;;; '■?.:'.
11-room nice home, No. 1526 Clay street, will
rent $50.
Business property, corner Sixteenth and Guer-
rero streets, three frontages, rents $160.
Downtown, No. 129 Third street, near Mission,
rents $128.
Store and flats, No. 823 Howard street, near
Fourth, rents $130.
Cottage home, No. 432 Twenty-eighth street,
near Noe. rents $15.
Business corner, SE. corner Twenty-third and
Hampshire streets, rents $32.
Richmond home, No. 219 Sixth avenue, near
California street, rents $20.
Three flats, No. 209 Fourteenth street, near
Howard, rents $47.
Mission home, NE. corner Jersey and Vicks-
, ; burg streets, rents $25.
Building lots, SE. corner of Noe and Ridley
streets. . • ■
Business lot, Twenty-fourth street, near San-
chez.
French fiats, So. 1231 Union street, near Lar-
kin, rents $47.
AT SALESROOM, 602 MARKET.
■■■■I 111 Vlltfw
Leading Grocers
Special FofrJs Weeß.
HAMS— - . . ■ - '-:,-.; \'l' ~
CHOICE EASTERN SUGAR-CUBED .
HAMS. ............lie
A -I- C GILT EDGE, OUR TASTE AND
DUPEE» 12c
FLOUR-
SPERRT'S, DRIFTED" SNOW.GOLDEN
GATE, PORT COSTA 95c
/ $3 75 per BbL
MAPLE STEUP- . !. J . .' JI
VERMONT MAPLE SYRUP, from the
■ .Pure Food Evaporating Co., Burlington, ,
Vt., y 3 ga1...........:........ 40c
Regular price 60c.
FRUIT SYRUP— v. t
STRAWBERRY, RASPBERRY, GRENE-
DINE, PINEAPPLE, ORANGE,
LEMON, VANILLA, SARSAPA-
RILLA, Etc Per bottle, 25c
l_i.. L Regular price 40c.
ROOT BEER-
HIKE'S 1MPR0VED. ...... .....2 bottles, 25c
ROYAL RENOWNED ....... bottle, 10c
BRYANT'S 3 bottles, 25c
SWISS CHEESE-
GENUINE IMPORTED SWISS CHEESE
— Pound, '25c
OHIO SWISS CHEESE Pound, 17% c
BUTTER-
EXTRA CHOICE POINT REYES
CREAMERY Squares, 30c
CHOICE POINT REYES BUTTER ....25c
- : f .;r .- Telephone South 399
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within ioo miles.
13241326 MARKET ST.
~ -V Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
. . ■ W SAN FRANCISCO.
COB. 10th. ACT WASHHT3TOIT STS. ) OAKLAND
1734-1738 SSVEHTH STBEIT BRANCHES
Tailor=made
SUITS.
SPECIAL VALUES in
®19 X(\ Navy Blue and Black
tp±£.O\J, Jackets, Box Front and
lined with Serge.
Tan Jackets.
No other house in S. F.
Ql9 XCI can ye you such value,
«JJ±£i.»Jl/. fit, and style as we offer
this week.
ARMAND CAILLEAU
46-48 Geary Street,
Corner Grant Avenue.
<fe"y^Fo R 4 ROOMS
O %d? ■ CONSISTIKO 07
3F'IJjE : 2.]N-I l 3? < O > 3EtE3
PARLOR ( BEDROOM I DINiHC-RpOIVI J KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Ttpestry Brussels, per yard 50 Cento
OilCloth, per yard.. .................85 Cents
Matting, per yard •-•• 1O Cents
Solid Oak Bed Suit, 7 pieces ............. 525 OO
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirr0r........ 8&5 OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
. OPEN EVENINGS
Font-Room Catalogues Mailed Free.
07 Free FicUss and Deiiycry Kirn the E if.
■ _ NgW TO-DAT.u. ; >
HANDKERCHIEFS
AND
LACES
CUT PRICES
TO-DAY !
Prominent among the many
special attractions offered to-day "
will be found the following
UllllllulQlidlllu Bargains!
LACES!
At 10 Cents a Yard.
CREAM NORMANDY VALENCIENNES
LACE, 5 inches wide, regular value \
%1 25 a dozen, will be placed on sale at
10c a yard.
At 15 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE, 5 inches
wide, regular value 25c, will be placed •
on sale at 15c a yard.
At 20 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE, 7 inches
wide, regular value 35c, will be placed
on sale at 20c a yard.
At 25 Cents a Yard.
BUTTER ORIENTAL LACE, 10 inches -
wide, regular value 45c, will be placed '
on sale at 25c a yard. .
At 75 Cents a Yard. 7 ;
BLACK CHANTILLY DRAPERY NET,
all silk. 42 inches wide, and BLACK
CHANTILLY LACE SKIRTING, 40
inches wide, all silk, regular value'
$1 50, will be placed on sale at 75c a yard.
HANDKERCHIEFS! .
At 1214 Cents Each.
200 dozen LADIES' WHITE SHEER
LAWN SCALLOPED EMBROIDER-
ERED HANDKERCHIEFS, regular;
value $2 40 a dozen, will be placed on
sale atl2»^c each.
l£\ [f Murphy Building, X
Market and Jones Stafi .
"DATA *D\
DAiLAAIX
LAST^WEEK
OF THE-
GRAND SPECIAL SALE!
A RARE BARGAIN |^» :
CHANCE. I|^ l^L
MISS IT. t^^&H&P
( =^tf^^To Be Sold at
50c on the DoUar<
CONSISTING OF—
Toys, Fancy Goofls, Mods,
Toilet Articles,
Stationery, Fans, Albums,
Purses, Bags, Soaps, Perfumery,
Plated ware, Clocks, Jewelry,
Watches, Handkerchiefs.
Hosiery, Gloves,
Housefurnishlng Goods,
Men's Furnishings, Hats,
Trunks, Valises, Dolls,
Baby Carriages, Vases.
Flower Pots. Etc*
TDESUCCESS OF THE SEASON"
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM •
—OF THE
PALACE HOTEL
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN' PUT!!. MIDNIGHT.
M| PiRTEL/VQ
#ARNYSS
TS THE VERY BKS'l' o\E TO FKAMINB
1 your eyes ami tit mem to Spectacles and ky£
glasses with Instruments of his own invention.
iv hose superiority has not been equaled. My su*
C^.« been due to the merits or my work.
L Oflice Hours— la to ie. v, "-»•• . ■