VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 28.
DEMOCRACY SORELY DIVIDED
Leaders Grow Alarmed by
the Cheers Coming
From Canton.
WARNINGS ARE GIVEN
IN VAIN.
The Delegates to the National
Convention Breathe Threats
of Fury.
STRIFE AND DISRUPTION NOW
FACE THE PARTY.
Silver and Gold Not the Only Conten
tions Upon Which Factions Will
Clash at Chicago.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— The Demo
cratic leaders are alarmed because of the
cheers and shoutings coming from Canton
and Paterson for McKinley and Hobart
and protection. The people seem to have
risen enmasse to voioe the sentiment of
protection to home industries. The
Democracy is divided against itself and is
a riotous mob rather than an army pre
paring for a decisive battle.
Hill, the bald-headed war ea?le, shrieks a
warning from Manhattan, Cleveland is
denounced in Democratic councils as a
•.raitor to his party and to the people, and
the delegates now gathering from all parts
cf tb« Nation for the great war talk are
breathing threats of fury that bode inter
riecu'e strife and disruption.
Hoy the mighty have fallen! It was
only afew days aco that Ruben Turney in
the Onto Democratic State Convention de
mandeJ that Cleveland's portrait should
be throvn out of the hall, and referred to
the Preiident as 'That arch traitor; that
Benedic Arnold of the Democratic party."
And amd all the shouting of this dis
organize! army we hear the thunder of
the captains, Whitney and Hill of New
York, in be far East, and in the Middle
West the voice of Boss Altgeld is heard
rallying tl« panic-stricken host. They
have fallen back on that old Democratic
utopianism.a tariff for revenue only. I
saw an oldapple-woman sitting by her
stand, barehiaded in the rain in Park Row,
New York, last Thursday morning,
and I askd her what she thought
of the Democratic doctrine of a tariff
for r.<:<renne «nly, and she replied that she
iktn . . to get any revenue out
of it and she wouldn't swap her apple
carl for the vbole Democratic party. 1
asked a Hunfarian woman who was sell
ing papers onthe Bowery, bareheaded in
the pelting s*rm, and her reply was that
the tariff had:'t given her enough revenue
to buy a two-tt straw hat or an umbrella.
Yet the Demcracy having nothing left to
shout for, iiftjup its voice and has the old
song. The Dmocratic organs are in a
quandary all <ver the country. They are
seizing every tile sop that seems to prom
ise them the aast comfort. The Detroit
Free Pre?s sa;s:
"Illinois, ajectedly as it has surren
dered to Repolican and Populist notions
of fiatism, clngs to tariff reform with
commendabletenacity. 'We favor tariff
for revenue orty,' the platform reads, and
declares tha' the Government should
collect no moe taxes than are necessary
to defray tbe xpenses of the Government
honestly and economically administered.
This has the ight ring. There is no prin
ciple that wil inspire the Democracy with
greater zeal nd enthusiasm than this."
True it bas he right ring of Democracy,
and I opine hat should there be any lack
of orators to p upon the stump to extol
tne virtues i Democratic tariff in the
East the wqj-growers and raisin-pro
ducers of California will furnish an army
of speakers. jo doubt Collector of the
Port John H. Vis» of San Francisco will
gladly take a vicaiion and explain to the
Easterners and tbe Westerners how the
wool-raisers an waxing fat under the
Wilson bill, and how after they have
sheared their fl-.jks they kill them for
mutton and doni have to pay so much
for the Worceiershire sauce which
Johnny Bull sefls over to flavor them
with. Then, if tfr. Wise should not be
enough, the Austalian wool-erowers, who
are getting rich uider the Wilson bill, will
raise a snbscripion to send a hundred
speakers over her if needs be. The man
ufacturers in Sheffield, Manchester, Bris
tol, Liverpool anl Glasgow will also send
their quota, for they are all true-blue
Democrats and jelieve in an American
tariff for Britia revenue only. The
raisin-grower m£f dig up his vines and
plant corn and Waters, as they do out
West and East, bcause he can buy all the
Spanish raisins ft wants cheaper than he
can grow them. The cheap-goods shibbo
leth of cheap-Jthn Democracy means
cheap labor, and >oth are the logical out
come of ihe doctme of a tariff for revenue
only. Then witha solemnity that is side
splitting the Prds winds up its editorial
with the folio wiri:
'Temporary detractions, like the cheap
money madness.tnay arise, but there is
no danger that tie Democratic party will
veer very far frofr the course that has led
to its notable fiumpbs the past twelve
years."
"Its notable tiumphs during the past
twelve years" is hinny.
The New Yor: Journal correspondent
says of the New fork convention:
"Nothing abou the convention is likely
to create any glowing hope of the
success of the Kw York delegates in the
fight they propose making at Chicago.
Enthusiasm wa9Svholly lacking. A plat
form, which in ts essentials was strong
and commenda' c, was heard by the dele
gates almost in ilence, and adopted by a
vote which was s perfunctory as it was
unanimous."
In another pi cc tbe same writer says
that the domimr.t sentiment of the con
vention was deuair. Many of tbe dele
gates left withut waiting for the after
noon session, 'hose who remained ap
proved the prof am me of tbe leaders and
dispersed, sayijg to each other that the
The San Francisco Call.
fight they were undertaking was almost
lost already.
In the manufacturing centers of the
East and West and in the farming dis
tricts the people are clamoring for protec
tion. It means bread and butter to them,
and when a man makes up his mind to
vote for bread and butter it is a very dif
ficult matter to change him. That is the
Key note of the McKinley boom. That is
why his plaster bust is given a place of
honor in every business house, restaurant,
shop and saloon in Canton and Niles, and
why his portrait can be seen in every pub
lic place in the country. It is business
that the peopie want and they mean busi
ness, so that there is an element of bur
lesque in the reiteration of the Democratic
State conventions of the old tariff doctrines,
the very thing against which the people
j are most resentful. The Democracy can
get no consolation out of the silver sword.
It cuts the band that wields it The tariff
will be the issue in tbe coming campaign,
and protection will be the battle-cry. An
ger glows in the ranks of the silver Dem
ocrats and they will come to Chicago
frothing at the mouth. The two-thirds
rule which was artfully contrived to choke
them off will be thrown to the winds, for
silver has the majority, and a body such
as a National convention is the sole judge
of the qualifications of its own members
and it is the sole maker of its own rules.
This requires the silver men to furnish 620
delegates. The following list shows that
they have but 584, or thirty-six short of
two-thiras.
For gold— Connecticut 12 V Delaware 5,
Florida 5, Kentucky 2, Maine 12, Maryland
i IG, Massachusetts 30, Michigan 28, Minne
) sota 18. New Hampshire 8, New Jersey 20,
New York 72, Pennsylvania 64 ; Rhode
Island 8, South Dakota 8, Vermont 8,
Washington 4, Wisconsin 24, District of
Columbia 2. Total 346.
For silver — Aiabama 22, Arkansas 16,
California 18, Colorado 8, Delaware 1,
i Florida 3, Georgia 26, Idaho 6. Illinois 48,
I Indiana 30, lowa 26, Kansas 20, Kentucky
24, Louisiana 16, Mississippi 18, Missouri
24, Montana 6, Nebraska 16, Nevada 6,
North Carolina 22, North Dakota 6, Ohio
46, Oregon 8, South Carolina 18, Tennessee
24, Texas 30, Utah 6. Virginia 24, Washing
ton 4, West Virginia 12, Wyoming 6, Dis
trict of Columbia 4. Oklahoma 6, Indian
Territory 6, New Mexico 6, Alaska 6, Ari
zona 6. Total 584.
The Michigan delegation stands thirteen
for silver to fifteen for gold. The Demo
cratic State Convention instructed for gold
Scene In Rlchardsons Bay, Off Sausallto, Yesterday, Showing: the British Ship Orion and Several Other Ships Gayly Decked With Bunting,
During: the Rowing Regatta. A Number of Boats Are Shown Lined Up for a Race on the Starboard Side of the Vessel.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, JUNE 28, 1896-THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
and adopted the unit rule, so that the
entire delegation would be compelled to
veto as the majority willed. But the sil
ver men have started contests in two
districts now represented by gold mci.
By unseating two gold delegates the silver
men will have a majority of the whole
delegation and Michigan's twenty-eight
votes would then change the silver col
umn. The silver men may thus obtain
by force two- thirds of tbe National Con
vention.
The numerous contests in this and
other States will provoke much bitterness
of feeling and will help to hopelessly
widen that little Democratic rift within the
lute. If the National Committee should
adopt high-handed measures and give the
contested seats to the gold delegates there
will arise a roar beside which that of the
bull of Bashan will be as gentle as the
cooing of a dove. Exciting scenes are
looked for when the convention meets
and when the Democratic yell startles
Lake Michigan into a spasm of squalls.
The cloud with a silver lining is funnel
shaped, and there will be a political tor
nado. Every one here is expecting it.
Although but few of the delegates are yet
on the ground, letters have been received
by prominent Democrats here which fore
shadow the storm. The feeling is one of
vindictiveness— of desperation. Governor
Altgeld, which name, strange to say,
means "high money," will be the promi
nent figure of the convention. His bands
already grasp the reins of control. He is
a millionaire two or three times over, is
abused twice a day by the press, but is
idolized by the people. He is rhinoceros
hided as to criticism, and instead of fol
lowing Mr. Vanderbilt's example and
damning the people, he damns the news
papers.' His hold on the Democratic ma
chine is strong, and he will not take any
dictation from Hill, Whitney or any of
the rest. He says that the tail has been
wagging tbe dog for more than thirty
years, and that he proposes to give the
dog a chance. His complaint is that the
people of the East have heretofore domi
nated Democratic National conventions in
the interest of the East and of its indus
tries, and that it is time the West
and the South should have a voice in Na
tional affairs.
To show the desperate straits to which
the Democracy is driven I will refer to a
resolution offered by ex-Governor Flower
of New York in the Saratoga convention:
Whereas, Party division at Chicago on the
silver question will endanger Democratic suc
cess at the polls; and, whereas, Republican
ascendency in the Nation would undoubtedly
be followed by another attempt to establish
minority rule in the Democratic Southern
States by means of a force bill; therefore, be it
Besolved, That the Democrats of New York
appeal to the Democrats of the South, in the
name of their political liberty and their
BRAWNY BRITISH LADS HAVE AN OUTING
properties, to avert the possibility of a force
bill by uniting with tho Democrats of the East
and West in framing a platform on which we
Democrats Can stand and the united support of
which will lead to a glorious Democratic vic
tory.
And this in tbe year 1896, prolific in free
schools, intelligence and civilization ! Ex-
Governor Flower seems to have a very
poor opinion of the intelligence of the
people of the South when he thinks that
they can be scared by a bugaboo of that
kind. A force bilL to force election officers
to fulfill their oaths nnd count the ballots
correctly is no bucbear to honest citizens,
but it shows at what slender straws the
desperate Democracy is clutching in order
to save itself out of the present whirpool.
The Illinois delegation will meet and
organize in this city next Tuesday. Gov
ernor Altgeld will bo with them, and they
will decide upon a plan of action.
John Paul Cosgeavk.
ALTGELD IS DICTATOR.
May Name the Nominee of the
Chicago Convention for the
Presidency.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— Senator John
M. Palmer came into town to-day. The
Senator came not on a political mission,
but for the purpose of attending the fun
eral of his life-long friend, Lyman Trum
bull. He and the late jurist had been as
sociated in politics in Illinois from an
early date, and the Senator felt it incum
bent upon himself to follow the remains
of his old friend to the grave. Senator
Palmer was adverse to discussing politics.
He deplores the drift, however, of the
Democracy, at least the Western wing of
the party, to the free-silver cause. He
realizes, however, that it will be next to
impossible to check the stampede of West
ern delegates into the ranks of the silver
ites. He does not believe that Senator
Teller's candidacy will be indorsed by the
Democratic Convention. Personally he is
opposed to Teller; not only upon
the grounds of the Colorado man's
liking of tne white metal, but
he is one of those hard-headed Democrats
who believes that there is Presidential
timber enough within the party without
inviting an outsider, especially a Republi
can of tbe Teller stripe, to the premiership
of the organization.
"This silver wave," said Senator Palmer,
"is nothing more than a drift toward Pop
ulism. It is much like the greenback
craze, and, like that financial epidemic,
will react in the course of time. During
the hard time of the last few years the
people have grasped at most every fallacy
that promised relief."
Senator Palmer will return to Spring
field to-night.
Governor Altgeld is a very much talked
of man these days. He is an active ag
gressive person, and his devotion to the
silver cause inspires the hatred of the
gold men as pronouncedly as it does the
love of those Democrats who believe in bi
metallism. The Governor has been resting
quietly at Springfield since the Peoria
convention, which he controlled abso
lutely. He dictated the nominations and
wrote the platform. Every delegate in
the convention-hall bowed to his absolute
will. He is a man of strong character,
great determination, and thoroughly in
formed upon all political movements in so
far as his party is concerned. The Gov
ernor's popularity in Illinois is phenom
enal. It will be remembered that when
he pardoned the anarchists the people
generally were amazed at his conduct and
censured him severely. A wave of derision
swept' over the whole State. Altgeld for
the time being was politically dead. But
he rose again, and is to-day the silver god
of the Democratic party.
His friends declare that he will come
pretty near dictating the Presidential
nominee of the convention. It is said of
him in Chicago to-day that he is piannine
a coup to secure the nomination of ex-
Congressman William R. Morrison for the
head of the ticket, but the Governor denies
this story. Anyway Morrison is a gold
man. Altgeld has sent out an emphatic
protest from Bpringfield declaring that
any statement to the effect that he is
working for any particular candidate has
no foundation. He denies having had a
secret conference with Colonel Morrison
at Pontiac, as stated in some of the Chi
cago papers. He is also credited by a
Chicago paper with being in collusion
with certain other party leaders to secure
the nomination of Judge Samuel P. Mc-
Connell of Chicago for the Presidency.
This story the Governor also denies. There
is no question, however, that in addition ;o
his determination to have the silver plank
adopted in the platform he is woruinK in the
interests of candidates who will be accept
able to that faction of the party, but
whether it is Bland, Boies, Matthews or
Stevenson no one seems to be able to fore
tell. The Governor is a secretive man, a
shrewd politician and keeps his own coun
sel, but it is thought in certain quarters
that he will come out for Stevenson in
order to aid in pulling himself through in
this State. The Governor will be here
early next week and will open up head
quarters. He has directed Chairman Hin
riensen to call the members of the Illinois
delegation to a conference at the Sherman
House on June 30 to outline the plan of
campaign.
Fred Dnbois, United States Senator of
Idaho, and first lieutenant of the Teller
silver brigade, arrived in town late to
night. He had been over at Springfield
visiting relatives and quietly building
silver fences. He will open up head
McKINLEY HONORED AT HOME
quarters here and will make a strong effort
to secure the indorsement of Teller by the
Democratic convention. He realizes that
the Democrats will adopt a silver platform,
ana is anxious to have it a silver conven
tion. In case the gold men should bolt
the convention, he would be much better
pleased, as it would then be a battle
between the old parties upon the lines
which the people of his kidney most
desire — that of gold and silver.
Colonel John I. Martin, sergeant-at-arms
of the Democratic National Convention, is
a picturesque character. He comes from
Missouri, and it is an old story that the
man from Missouri is different irom other
people. The colonel was born in St. Louis
May 24, 1848. He attended the public
schools of that city in his youth, but only
had gathered the crumbs of an education
when his father, who was a boss teamster,
drafted the boy into his service as a dray
man ; but young Martin was ambitious;
he was brainy, too, and so while he drove
a dray about the city of St. Louis during
the daytime he studied at nieht. Finally
he became a clerk, later a saleman and
then a merchant. But being of a philo
sophical turn of mind he read law and in
1878 was admitted to the bar, and as he
passes down the streets of his native city
his admirers point him out as one of the
most capable lawyers of his day. He
has been a prosecnting attorney and
a Judge of the Court of Crim
inal Correction. This is the man who
will marshal the forces at the great Coli
seum in Jackson Park on Tuesday week.
The Coliseum is splendidly equipped
for convention purposes. This is espe
cially true as regards the facilities for the
correspondents. Secretary Sheerin, who
has charge of press accommodations, has
already received some hundred applica
tions for seats in the press circle. The
space underneath the platform has been
allotted to the telegraph companies, and
bulletins and news matter can be rushed
through rapidly. There will be 906 dele
gates in the convention. The hall proper
is 250 feet wide by 335 feet long. The seats
will be arranged in rectangular instead of
in semi-circular form, as was at first
planned. The speakers' stand will be
at the north end of the hall. Below and
immediately in front of this will be 1000
seats for the delegates and alternates.
The press seats will flank the platform
and behind it will be the section reserved
for the members of the National Commit
tee and for distinguished guests. In pro
viding for all these something like 3000
seats in all are taken up. Twelve thou
sand chairs will remain for the spectators.
These seats will rise in tiers on three sides
of the building — the north, south and
west — to a height of forty feet. A gallery
thiny-rive feet wide will encircle the entire
building. The seating arrangements on
the three sides mentioned will be carried
up into this gallery. There is still another
gallery ten feet wide, higher up, for the
use oi which no plans have been made.
The acoustic properties -^re perfect.
The Bland headquar;«rs will be opened
up next Monday at liie Auditorium annex.
The Miasourians will occupy a row of
rooms within earshot of the apartments
reserved for W. C. Whitney, the leader of
the gold element.
Colonel Nicholas M. Bell, Colonel Joseph
J. Lickey, Colonel George W. Allen and
several other colonels who will manage
the Bland boom will reach Chicago on
Monday morning and open up the cam
paign for Silver Dick, who is now quietly
cutting hay and sawing wood on his Mis
souri l'arm and saying nothing.
The Matthews headquarters wilt be
opened up at the Palmer House on Mon
day.
With the Bland, Boies and Matthews
"roosters'* in the field, the Democratic
powwow of 1896 may virtually be consid
ered on. E. E. Wall, National Committee
man from Wisconsin, and John G. Pra
ther, National Committeeman from Mis
souri, came into town to-day. F. W. Har
rity, chairman of the National Committee,
will arrive on July 1.
There are persons in Chicago bold
enough to predict that the convention
will eclipse Donnybrook in every respect.
Certainly the elements are not lacking to
make it intensely spectacular. There are
gold Democrats, silver Democrats, free
trade Democrats, Cleveland and anti-
Cleveland Democrats, Democrats who are
Populists and Populists who are Demo
crats — all chasing phantoms and worship
ing strange gods. There is talk of a bolt
among some of the gold men, should they
fail in drafting the platform and thus di
recting the destiny of the party for the
next four years. Others again favor a
compromise measure, while not a few
would be willing to straddle the issue; but
the silver forces, with determined and un
compromising men in command, de
clare they will win their spurs upon
the battlefield on lines of action orig
inally mapped out. They will accept
no half-way treaty. It will be the free
and unlimited coinage of silver at a ratio
of 16 to lor nothing, and this independ
ently of all the other nations of the world.
Already they claim 642 delegates, and
laugh with derision at the efforts of the
gold men to curb their sway. On the
other hand, the gold men are equally
confident.
National Committeeman Sherley of
Kentucky — and. like the other delegates
from the Blue Grass State, "A colonel,
sir"— sends The Call this statement:
"I have heard a great d<al of talk and
have given the National situation consid
erable study, and I have come to the con
clusion, personally, that a goid platform
will be adopted, I believe that the plat
form will be just as pronounced on the
money question as is the plank of the
Republican party. I think there will
be a practically unanimous agree
ment on the New York platform. I
will venture to predict that there will
be almost entire harmony in the Demo
cratic convention. There will be no bolt,
and tbe one question of currency will be
adjusted in a manner satisfactory to all.
I am not familiar with tne local situation,
and speak only from my knowledge of the
National one. I expect Illinois to play an
important part in the proceedings, but in
order to do so it will have to put a candi
date in the field who is a man of National
reputation. It will not do to try to come
out with some local silverite like McCbn
neli, or whatever his name is. I never
heard of him before. With a man like
Stevenson or Morrison Illinois might still
be able to dictate the Presidential nomi
Continued on 6ecvnd I'ugt.
>s*RiaE FIVE CENTS.
An Outpouring of People to
Greet the Republican
Standard-Bearer.
JOYOUS CROWDS INVADE
CANTON.
Telling Speeches at the Meeting
to Ratify the Popular
Nomination.
MEN OF MANY STATIONS GREET
THE NEXT PRESIDENT.
Then They Listen to a Ringing Ad
dress by the Champion of
Protection.
CANTON, Ohio, June 27.— The nomina
tion of McKinley was ratified witn pomp
and ceremony this afternoon. The out
pouring of people from Cleveland and
other cities of Eastern Ohio wai very large.
All day long crowds hung about the Mc-
Kinley residence and a lively stream of
callers poured in at the gate.
The speaking this afternoon was from a
stand erected at one end of a large vacant
lot. The meeting was presided over by
Judge W. R. Day of Canton, who made a
pleasant speech and introduced President
Walcott of the Tippecanoe Club of Cleve
land, who made an address. Mr. Wolcott,
who is a brother of Senator Wolcott of
Colorado, said :
To-day as we have assembled to ratify the
nomination of our Republican standard-bearer,
I am reminded of a story about one of my
nephews. He was trying to tell the story of
the good Samaritan. He started in ail right
about the man going down the Jericho road
and how he fell among thieves, who stripped
him of his raiment and wounded him and
departed, leaving him half dead, and how a
Levite who came along looked at the poor fel
low and then passed by on the other side. Then
when it came to the Samaritan my nephew got
a little confused. He did not know anything
about Samaria, but he did know something
about America, and so in telliug the story my
nephew said: "A good American came along
who took pity on the poor fellow^ and bound
up his wounds and took care of him."
I can see a very evident application of this
story as my nephew told it. ' Four years ago
this country did, perhaps we might literally
say, fall among political thieves, who robbed
her of her prosperity, wounded her and left
her for dead. Then the Fifty-fourth Congress
came along and it looked at the sad condition
of this countiy, and then passed by on the
other side and wouldn't even pass any tariff
law or any currency law. But now we can
take courage, for there is coming along a good
American, or a good Samaritan, whichever
you want to call him— most people call him
"Bill McKinley." He is the man we've been
looking for. He will heal up our National
wounds and send our country on its way re
jo icing.
As president of the Tippecanoe Club the
pleasant duty falls upon me of expressing the
joy which the members of the club ieel over
the work of the St. Louis convention, and no
better place for doing so could be found than
right here in Canton. Here Major McKinley
has received the loving congratulations of
wife and parents, blessed and hallowed as we
know they must be by kisses and tears of joy
and affection; here mends and neighbors have
grAsped his hand as they have poured forth
their hearty and sincere gratulations; here
congratulatory messages have been received
from all parts of the Union— from the East and
West and from both sides of Mason and Dixon's
line and from all kinds and conditions of men,
from political friends and political foes, from
those great in power, and, better still, from
■_ J MEW TO-PAT. '
. . .
ja£&. "-*-^L EVERY DOT
BECOMES w9H ''<' W^?^l
Inflammation Wl
and Irritation Tfg |^^^>2i msJ
sot in causing U^^T "fl^^Oj
PIMPLES
Blotches, blackheads, baby blemishes, and
falling hair. The only preventive is
CUTICURA SOAP
because the only preventive of inflamma-
tion and clogging of the Pokes.
Sale greater thin the combined «alt« of *11 other (kin
and cnmn'fxion Mans. ■ Sold throughout the world.
JMt""" r>-> /fnCiirM. r'niip.. Sole Prop... Boaton.
~ • : ;.~-'-i P'-.=-.iehee."free» .-.
WHY
Be bothered with inferior goods when yon
can get a first-class article if only you
will call for it.
LEVI STRAUSS & COS
CELEBRATED COPPER RIVETED
OVERALLS AND SPRING BOTTOM PANTS
Are made of the best materials. ,
Sewed with the best threads.
Finished in the best stylo.
EVERY GARMENT GUARANTEED.
FOR SAL! EVERYWHERE.
C* C" M |^ for a picture of our i
Factory, we will mail one to you free ■
of charge.
WE EMPLOY OVER 500 GIRLS.
ADDRESS: LEVI STRAUSS & CO.
San Francisco,
california..2
INTERIOR OF THE COLISEUM AT CHICAGO, WHERE THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL CONVENTION WILL BE HELD.
the plain people, and all this spoutaneous
outpouring has been but a well-deserved trib
"ute to the sterling manhood of William
McKinley.
Now, to this mighty chorus the Tippecanoe
Club wishes to add its gladsome iiote of
praise and thanksgiving over the triumph
of our political idol. We are a club largely
composed of young .men at that formative
period of life when they are wont to select
tome one as a model and a guide, and several
years ago William McKinley was, by common
consent, selected by us all as that model. The
great occasions in our club's history have been
the banquets Ht which William McKinley Jr. j
was present and addressed us. We have lived
near Governor McKinley, have often seen him
and heard him speak, and with fond admira
tion have followed his private and public life
and'have a profound love and respect for him.
We look to him as our leader, and have ever
been ready to go where he sent or follow
where he led us. We cannot but love a mau
who has never been led by political rainbows
to follow strange gods, but has ever been true
to his political faith and always kept incense i
burning at the altar of protection, through
whose favors alone can a sure and lasting
prosperity come to our country. Had victory
not been given at St. Louis we should still have
loved and admired Major McKiuley, but as he
was triumphant tbere we now feel called upon
for renewed efforts to make secure, if possible,
that the triumph at St. Louis may be followed
by an equally sweeping victory in November.
As President of the United States William Mc-
Kinley will walk into a broader life, bat we
know he will still be guided by the same noble
alms and high purposes which have controlled
him hitherto.
As he has been an inspiration to the young i
men of the Tippecanoe Club so will he be an j
inspiration to the young men of the Nation, j
both those now living and those who shall
read the story of his life, They will find him a
good and upright citizen in every-day life, a
careful, faithful, industrious man, a loyal sol
dier in times of war, a profound statesman in
times of peace, devoted to principle, a believer
in America for Americans and a champion of
protection more persevering and successful |
than any of our great leaders iiving or dead, j
We of the Tippecanoe Club love him and long j
for the day when we can greet him as Presi
dent William McKinley.
Mr. Wolcott was followed by General C.
H. Grosvenor. General Grosvenor's fame
as a MaKinley worker had gone before
him and he was given a cordial welcome.
The chairman introduced him as the rec
ognized leader of the Republican House
of Representatives. Speaking of the is
sues of the campaign General Grosvenor
eaid:
"The Republican Convention at St.
Louis did not abandon any of the tenets
of its ancient political faith. Nor did it
announce any new doctrine. It stands to
day, as shown by its platform, where it
stood from 1861, all along the shining path- !
way it has journeyed.
"Bear in mir.d, it was the Republican
party which enacted the law authorizing
the issue of the greenback dollar and pro
claimed as the solemn purpose of the
country that the greenback should be a
demand upon the treasury for a dollar as
good as tbe dollar of the best and richest
country on earth. It was the Republican
party which redeemed that promise and
gave a dollar in gold to the holders of each
dollar of their money.
"The silver question now soon to be a
National issue between the men of sound
money ideas and the Populistic fifty-cent
dollar advocates is a convenient mark to
hide behind by the party which, coming
into power in 1893, proceeded to destroy
the industiies of the country and plunge
the treasury into insolvency. That is the
real issue of this campaign. The answer
to this question and issue will come from
the people. The people always settle the
real issues. The people have decreed that
we shall raise money sufficient to main
tain our treasury, and that we shall not
borrow it from Europe."
Hon. James H. Hoyt of Cleveland fol
lowed General Grosvenor. His speech was
the most humorous of the day, and was
heartily applauded.
Charles Emery Smith was most heartily
greeted when the chairman introduced
him as the friend of Blame. Garfield, Har
rison and McKinley. Mr. Smith, among
oth^r things, said:
"I congratulate you upon the supreme
honor which comes to the man whom you
in your love and faith have given to pub
lic life, and I congratulate him upon the
personal devotion and long and loyal sup
port of such people as I see before me. No
man can hold the continued fidelity of
such a people without being worthy of the
broadest trust. This earnest and high
minded community represents and reflects
the intelligence, judgment and patriotism
of the great American people. To preserve
the full and constantly growing confidence
of such a constituency requires service of
the highest standard, and is itself* the
pathway and the title to the confidence of
the whole country. The rulers of the
Republic have for the most part sprung
from such communities. The Lincolns,
the Grants, the Garfields, the Blames, the
Harrisons have met the highest demands
of the Nation because they have grown up
with the flavor of the soil and in close
touch with the plain people.
"To this immortal roll of people's leaders.
Major McKinley comes by the right of a
popular choice and anointment unsur
passed in all our history. The future
years will look back to the convention of
1896 with admiration and gratitude for its
courage, its high spirit and its unflinching
action. It was the bravest of all conven
tions in the history of the party and the
truest in its direct reflection of the peo
ple's will."
The last speaker, save McKinley, was
the brilliant young orator who has suc
ceeded him in Congress, Hon. Robert W.
Taylor. Mr. Taylor declared that the
Democrats are trying to direct attention
from the real issue by talk about an im
aginary one. We had, he maintained, the
same currency and currency legislation in
1890, 1891 and 1892, and we were prosper
ous then. McKinley represented the anti
thesis of all the legislation and principle
the people complain of. He was the peo
ple's candidate.
A glee club sang a campaign song and
before the song was finished Major Mc-
Kinley came upon the platform. In a
moment there was an outburst of applause
and cheering and when he arose to
speat the noise was deafening. Major
McKinley looked well and his voice was
strong. He said :
"My fellow-citizens: I thank you for
this magnificent demonstration. I think
I know just what it means. It is in no
sense personal, but it is the assurance of
the interest which you feel in the great
questions which are to be considered in
the great campaign and which are to be
settled by the American people at the
ensuing election. It means, my fellow
citizens, that you are attached by every tie
of fealty and affection to the fundamental
doctrines of the Republican party. Re
publican principles do not perish; they
have not suffered by defeat; they have not
suffered by their temporary rejection by
the people.
"They are brighter and more glorious to
day than they have ever been before.
[Cries of 'That's right.'] They are en
deared to every American citizen and en
shrined in every American heart. [Loud
applause.] Their defeat before the Amer
ican people has never brought good to any
American interest and their triumph has
brought only good to the American peo
ple. [Applause.] And, my fellow-citizens,
those principles are to be tried before you
this year. What will your answer be in
November? [a voice — 'The election of
McKinley,' and loud cheering, which
lasted several moments before the Gover
nor could resume his speech.]
"What are those principle?, my country
men? A protective tariff that takes care
of every American interest and secures
the highest good of American labor.
[Great cheering.] A principle that in
sists that our wort shall be done at home
and not abroad. [Loud yelling and ap
plause.] A reciprocity that, while seeking
the world's markets for our surplus prod
ucts, will neveryieidupa single day's work
that belongs to the American working
man. [Vociferous cheering.] And then,
a sound dollar— as sound as the Govern
ment and as untarnished as its flag.
[Loud cheering.] A dollar that is
good, not only at home, but good
whererer trade goes; a dollar that
is as cood in the hands of the
farmer and workingman as in the hands
of the manufacturer or the capitalist.
[Cheers.] Thes* great principles em
blazoned as they will be upon the banners
of the Republican party, are bound to
bring triumph in November and, as I
firmly believe, will carry messages of
sweetness and of happiness to every
American home and every American fire
side. [Continuous applause.] I thank
you, my countrymen, for this manifesta
tion of your good will. We are all proud
to have you here to-day, and my advice to
the Mayor is to have the census taken at
this time." [Laughter and applause.]
The evening parade which Major Mc-
Kinley reviewed was elaborate, and closed
the demonstration iv a satisfactory and
picturesque manner.
THE DEMOCRACY DIVIDED
f Continued from First Page.\
nee, and with a good strong man on the
ticket the platform and money legislation
conld take care of itself."
The Kentuckian intimated that Steven
son would be the most acceptable to the
South. The fact is the friends of the Vice-
President, who has all alone been in tbe
field for the Presidential nomination, are
working quietly but effectively in his in
terests.
But Bland, who is weeding his garden
in Missouri, and Boies, who is hoeing com
in lowa, seem to be at the head of the
Presidential procession , to-day. The
former leads with 106 votes, claiming
Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, Texas, Ari
zona, Indian Territory and Oklahoma.
Massachusetts with thirty vote 3 and New
Hampshire with eight will go for ex-Gov
ernor Ru«sell. New York will back Wil
liam C. Whitney with seventy-two and
California will support its brilliant native
son, Stephen M. White, with eighteen
votes. Of course, Boies will be loyally
backed by lowa with twenty-six votes and
Matthews with Indiana's solid thirty.
Kentucky will present Blackburn to the
convention, Pennsylvania is pledged to
Patterson, Ohio has ils McLean and South
Carolina its Tillman, while Illinois, though
unpledged to any candidate, may swing
in line for Stevenson. With such an array
of Democratic talent representing all sec
tions of the country and all phases of
Democracy, and with so many conflicting,
it would be a reckless person who would
attempt to pick a winner.
Frank McGiip.e.
NO CHANCE AT CHICAGO.
Whitney Does Not Think That a
Compromise Will Be Made at
the Convention.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.— A repre
sentative of the United Press called upon
Hon. W. C. Whitney at his residence, 52
W st P'ifty-seventh street, and had the
following interview with him as to the
coming campaign:
"How is the campaign progressing?"
asked the reporter.
"Like 1860, the truth must be told,"
replied Mr. Whitney.
"What are the chances of sound money
in Chicago?"
"Unless t:e situation changes, and our
Southern and Western friends are dis
posed to reason with us, no chance what
ever."
"What do you hear in the Souih and
West?"
"Judging by the letters I receive there
is no apparent disposition to discuss the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
matter at issue. I fear it has gone beyond
that point."
"Have you asked Senators Gorman and
Brice to attend the convention as a party
duty?"
"No; they have no reason to believe
that they could accomplish anything.
None of us has."
"If a free-coinage candidate is named
on a free-coinage platform what will be the
result?"
"Practically it will disrupt the Demo
cratic party. No power on earth can
either coerce or persuade sound-money
Democrats to forsake the fundamental
principle of Democracy. They do not re
gard this question as either factional,
sectional or political. The main
tenance of National credit •ia a
matter of National honor. The
Saratoga platform emphasizes this fact.
It says the rigid maintenance of the pres
ent gold standard at the present time is
essential to the preservation of our Na
tional credit, the redemption of our pub
lic pledges and the keeping inviolate of
our country's honor. That is New York s
position. It is as positive as words can ex
press; and it cannot be changed."
"Then you do pot Jook for a compro
mise?"
"Compromise is impossible. Debase
ment of the currency would be more than
monstrous in effect. It would be aban
donment of principle. It would disgrace
every citizen. It would be not merely dis
honest, but dishonorable. Ana you can
not compromise a question of honor."
"What do you expect todo in Chicago?"
"Do everything in our power to save
the party and protect the country. That
is the plain duty of every Democrat who
goes to Cuicago, and it is none the less the
duty of those who stay at home not to
hamper the efforts of those who so. And
by those who stay at home, I mean not
merely Democrats. I mean to include
every good citizen regardless of politics or
prejudices. The crisis which has come
upon us is the most serious menace to
National prosperity and to the welfare of
the people since 18G0. This is the time
when all men who love their country must
stand together to avert, if possible, public
disgrace and the wreck of hundreds of
thousands of homes throughout the coun
try."
"Do you not despair of success, then?"
"No; we cannot tell whether the knowl
edge of the attitude of Eastern Democrats
will affect the determination of the South-
em and Western Democrats who have not
known until -within the oast week how
strong the feeling here is. The vigorous
expression- of our position may cause hesi
tation, especially among the rank and file
of the Democracy, who I cannot believe
want to drive all Eastern Democrats out
of the party. I know some of the leaders
of the movement assume that attitude,
but I am not yet convinced that the peo
ple behind them do. If not, they will
make their wishes known and felt."
THURMAN'S STATEMENT.
Says That Such Interviews as
Whitney's Will Not Frighten
Any One.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, June 27.— After read
ing an interview given by ex-Secretary
Whitney in New York to-day, in which
Mr. Whitney said there seemed to be no
hope of saving the Democratic party from
disruption unless thß Southern and West
ern Democrats would listen to reason on
the coinage question, Allen W Thurman
gave out the following statement to-night:
There is now going on in this country an ir
repressible conflict between the British stand
ard (gold) on tne one side and the American
6t»ndard (gold and silver), the money guar
anteed by the Constitution, on the other. Shall
the Democratic party declare in Its platform
that it favors a violation of the Constitution;
that the people shall not obey it unless the
Governments of Europe give them permission
to do so?
This is what all the talk about an Inter
national agreement really means; this is what
the Republican party said at St. Louis. Shall
the Democratic party merely re-echo the voice
of the Republican party on a question that
cannot be suppressed and which will over
shadow all others in tbe coming campaign? If
so, why should we go to Chicago at all?
Such interviews as Mr. Whitney's will
frighten no one. On the contrary, they only
intensify tbe issue, and his writing about the
dishonesty of those who differ with him will
only make them more determined. The silver
men of tbe West and South have long known
that the Democrats of Mr. Whitney's school
would much prefer seeing a gold Republican
President rather than a silver Democrat in the
Presidential chair. Mr. Whitney's interview
will maket this perfectly clear to every delegate
who will be at Chicago, and while all will re
gret that Mr. Whitney has determined to ieave
the party they will bear it rather than to pui
their principles into his keeping.
Ali.en W. Thueman.
BLAND AND HIS BOOMERS
They Will Invade Chicago and Cer-
talnly Be Heard During the
Convention.
BT. LOUIS, Mo., June 27.—Ex-Congress
man R. P. Bland, Governor William J.
Stone and several other free- silver Demo
crats of prominence arrived here to-day
from Lebanon, Mo., the home of Mr.
Bland. On the uubject of his personal
connection with the work of the Chicago
convention Mr. Bland declined to talk.
He was confident a free-silver platform
would be adopted. He gave his opinion
of the New York platform as follows: "It
is as good as any Republican platform. It
simply uses the old international bimetal
lism theory to cover up the tracks of the
gold bugs."
Mr. Bland would not venture an opin
ion as to the location of the real battle.
He even thought Democratic chances good
in New York.
Governor Stone was more communica
tive. He was asked if the two-thirds rule
would be abrogated at Chicago.
"I don't know as to that. lam of the
opinion that two things must be carried
through, the 16 to 1 platform and the
nomination of Bland, and whatever ought
to be done to bring that about should be
done."
The Governor leaves for Chicago Mon
day night. The Bland headquarters at
the Auditorium, Chicago, will be opened
Monday by Colonel Nick Bell.
Bland's boom for the nomination will
be reinforced by 2000 Missourians, mem
bfcrs of different Bland clubs. A special
train will carry them north on July 5.
These clubs are uniformed and drilled and
in the matter of shouting and music will
surely be heard.
COOK COUNTY POPULISTS.
They Give an Ovation to National
Chairman Taubeneck and
Elect Delegates.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— Three hun
dred delegates, representing the People's
party of Cook County, assembled in con
vention here to-day. H. E. Taubeneck,
chairman of the National Committee, was
one of the diotinpuished Populists en the
platform. He not only took away with
him to St. Louis to-night the pleasant
memory of tributes paid to his fidelity by
other party leaders, but he received the
hilarious plaudits of the delegates and a
unanimous vote of confidence by resolu
tion. Every mention of his name and his
acts as a Populist evoked the enthusiasm
of the convention.
When Mr. Taubeneck rose to respond he
expressed his confidence, but he made no
direct reference to the St. Louis Teller in
cident, in approval of which the demon
strations were made. He said a crisis was
on the party at the present time, and the
party was lacing it. There was enough
generalship and enough statesmanship in
the ranks of the party to steer it through
to safety, no matter how many rocks it
might encounter.
"Tne bolt of the silver Republicans at
St. Louis," continued the National chair
man, amid an outburst of applause,
"practically assures us of the vote of every
Presidential elector west of the Mississippi
River. It insures us of the success of all
of our legislative, Congressional and State
tickets, and that section of the country
from henceforth bfeiOiigs to the Populist
column.
"When the DernociaM'c convention ad
journs in Chicago next month the result of
their action will be that the territory south
of the Ohio River will also belong to the
People's party. A.t our convention in St.
Louis there will be no surrender of party
rights, of party name or party principles."
Dr. Howard S. Taylor, chairman oi the
County Central Committee, who was also
chosen permanent chairman of the con
vention, was the object of a demonstration
as flattering as that accorded to Mr. Tau
beneck.
By unanimous resolution the twenty
two delegates were chosen to represent
the county at the St. Louis convention,
and are also requested to use all their ef
forts with the Illinois delegates to obtain
for Dr. Taylor the second place on the
National ticket.
Dr. Taylor is a Chicago lawyer, who has
been an active leader of the party since its
birth, and Chairman Taubeneck in his
speech expressed the hope that the con
vention's choice would be nominated and
elected.
Dr. Taylor and Christopher O'Brien
were tne two chosen delegates at large.
The sentiment of all the speeches was for
independent action at St. Louis.
TELLER NOT TALKATIVE.
Says He Is in No Sense of the
Word a Candidate for the
Presidency.
MORRISON, 111., June 27.— Senator
Teller has been quietly resting here since
the day after tha St. Louis convention.
His aged mother, one brother, several sis
ters and any number of relatives reside at
Morrison and in Whiteside County. A
heavy mail has followed Teller. He ad
mits that many of the epistles received
speak of him in connection with the Pres
idency. This was in answer to a question
put to him : "I am in no sense of the
word a candidate."
"But you could not refuse a nomination
were it tendered?"
"It has not been offered," was tho
answer. "No man has a right to say he
will accept or decline an honor before it is
offered."
"You must know that your friends are
working to have you nominated at Chicago,
and with the ultimate hope that all the
silver forces may combine on you before
the end of July."
"My good friends are enthusiastic for
me, and I have had intimations that a
movement is on foot to present my name,
but I prefer not to discuss the matter in
the papers. You can readily see that in
my position it would be indelicate for me
10 express opinions personal to myself."
*
The I'opulist Convention.
ST. LOUIB, Mo., June 27.— J. H. Mc-
Dowell, who will be sergeant-at-arms of
the Populist National Convention, has ar
rived in the city and opened headquarters
in the Commercial building. He says he
will appoint not more thau 400 assistants.
Mr. McDowell says he expects 30,000 Pop
ulists in the city during tbe convention,
besides many silver men who are not al
lied with the party. There will be 1375
delegates present.
Leaves the Republican Party.
OMAHA, Nebr., June 27.— The World-
Herald will to-morrow print an open let
ter from Judge Cunningham R. Scott of
h district bench, in which he states that
i.,e Republican party has gone back on its
principles in- adopting a gold platform and
that he cannot support it. Judge Scott
has been a life-long Republican and ran
ahead of his ticket at the last election.
Xertn It Xominated.
HAMILTON, Ohio, June 27.— The Re
publicans of the Third Congressional Dis
trict in convention here to-day nominated
by acclamation Robert \M. Nevin of Day
ton for Congressman.
: ■ ■:'■• •■■■• ,~—-~~~*— — ' 'iV ;'..■> v.r"
. Young men or old should not fall to read Thomas
i Slater's advertisement on page 80. ■ '•
STRUCK A SUNKEN BARGE
The Big Cunarder Umbria
Meets With a Peculiar
Mishap.
But the Vessel Is Soon Cleared and
Being Uninjured Proceeds on
the Voyage.
QUARANTINE. S. 1., June 27.— The big
Cunarder Umbria, Captain Dutton, which
left her pier in New York city at 9 o'clock
this morning with over 700 "first and sec
ond class passengers, met with a mishap
before she had cleared the bar at Sandy
Hook which delayed her twelve hours.
The steamer had swung from her pier on
the first ebb tide and had made a quick
trip down the bay, passing this place
three-quarters of an hour sfter leaving her
dock. She proceeded rapidly along the
channel under the guidance of Pilot Jo
siah John and had reached a point about
two miles off Sandy Hook when she struck
a snag in the shape of a sunken coal barge
in the middle of Gedney's channel aud was
soon hard aground.
There was much confusion for a time on
the decks of the liner, which were crowded
with passengers taking a lajt look at the
receding shores, but Captain Dutton and
his officers quickly reassured them aud
they philosophically accepted the situa
tion.
The vessel struck the sunken barge at
10:15 o'clock this morning when the tide
was pretty near at the full, so there was
nothing to do but to wait for the high tide
this evening. The wreckers bad every
thing in readiness by 8 o'clock and it was
then decided to try to eet the vessel off.
The tugs got in position, and, aided by the
steamer's own screws, the work was
begun.
After half an hour of tugging and pull
ing the steamer slid off the barge on which
she had been resting in deep water and
immediately started for the open sea. The
vessel proceeded just outside the bar and
at 9 :33 dropped anchor.
The wrecking tugs followed her out to
sea and Captain Everett, the diver, was
sent down to examine her hull. After a
careful examination, lasting over an hour,
he reported that the ship had sustained no
damage. Aa the shin was making no
water it was evidently decided on to con
tinue the voyage, for shortly after 10:30
o'clock the anchors were hauled in, the
ship headed due east and the voyage to
the other side beeran.
TWO BURGLARS SHOT.
Surprised by the Police They , Fought
IV\th Revolver*.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— Two burglars
were shot and perhaps fatally wounded
to-night while at work in a house at 2C5
Chestnui street. At a late hour word was
received at the East Chicago avenue sta- 1
tion that burglars were breaking into a j
Chestnut-street house and that the occu- j
pants were out attending some entertain- j
ment. Officers were dispatched to tne j
scene and surprised the burglars at work, j
A great number of shots were exchangea.
No officers were hurt, but both burglars
were wounded and sent to the hospital.
Chestnut street is a fashionable residence
district.
One of the burglars was recognized as
Dan Carey, a well-known thief. He will
die. The other is a tough character by the
name of Brown. It is believed he will
recover.
MILITARY TRAGEDY IS NEBRASKA
A Private Murders a Sergeant and Is
in Turn Killed by a Sentry.
VALENTINE, Nebr., June 27.— Private
Weaver of Company C to-day shot Ser
geant Livingston of Company D without
the least provocation and instantly killed
him. Weaver in turn was shot by a guard
and soon died from his wounds. The
affair occurred on the parade ground and
caused great excitement. "Weaver was ap
parently under the influence of drink.
The first bullet struck Weaver's victim in
the knee and the second pierced his heart.
Weaver was instructed to give up his
weapon, but refused and commenced to
fire promiscuously. The sentinel then
fired and the bullet struck the magazine
of Weaver's gun, exploding it and inflict
ing an ugly wound in his groin, from
which he died soon afterward.
THE COMMERCIAL TRAVELERS.
Supreme Council Adjourns After Elect'
ing Officer:
COLUMBUS. Ohio, June 27.— The Su
preme Council of the United Commercial
Travelers adjourned its annual meeting to
day after ejecting the following officers:
Supreme counselor, James A. Kirn ball,
Salina, Kans. ; supreme junior counselor,
R. F. Somerville, Dayton, Ohio; supreme
past counselor, R. N. Hull, Cleveland,
Ohio; supreme secretary, C. B. Flags,
Columbus, Ohio; supreme conductor,
Charles W. Rice, St. Paul, Minn. ; supreme
page, W. L. Day, Concordia, Kans. ; su
preme sentinel, C. E. Hobbs, Boston,
Mass; members of the executive commit
tee, to serve two years each, J. C. Fenni
more and L. C. Pease, both of Columbus,
Ohio. -
GENTRY ROUND GUILTY
End. of the Trial of Madge I>rysdale's
Murderer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June 27.— The
jury in the case of James B. Gentry, the
actor on trial for the murder of his actress
sweetheart, Madge Drysdale, known on
the stage as Madge Yorke, returned a
verdict, this morning of guilty of murder
in the first degree.
Gentry looked a physical wreck as he
heard the pronouncing of his doom. His
appearance was pitiable. The verdict was
formally recorded and the customary
motion made for a new trial. Thursday
next was set by Judge Yerkes as the day
for hearing the argument upon the motion.
WIPE-MURDERER LYNCHED
Official* and Citizen* Taken Wholly by
Surprise. . .
LA PLATA, Md., June 27.— Joseph Cock
ing, who was awaiting trial here for the
murder of his wife and sister-in-law, was
taken from jail at an early hour this morn
ins and hanged. The mob of executioners
had been quickly organized, and tie au
thorities were taken wholly ; Dy surprise.
The citizens of the town had no intima
tion of the affair, and did not suspect any
thing wrong until , sunrise, ; when : they
found the body of the wretched man hang
ing lifeless from the limb of a tree.
NEWSPAPER CHANGE
Reorganisation of the Kansas City
World Company.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., June 27.— The
World to-morrow will say: The World
Newspaper Company, publishers of the
Kansas City World, has been reorganized,
with Hon. L. W. King of Youngstown,
Ohio, as president. H. JK\ Taylor has
disposed of his interest and retired from
the company. No other change has bet- n
made in the roster of the company, and
the management remains the same. No
change has been made in the policy of the
paper.
I'nruinatic Tube Company Asgifjn/t.
BOSTON, Mass., June 27.— The Mentor
Dispatch Company, manufacturers of
pneumatic tubes, with an office at 89 State
street, has assigned to Oakes Ames. The
company was chartered in Maine in J 1886
with a capital of $500,000. It was an ad
junct to the Lamson Consolidated Store
Service Company, which owned and con
trolled it and is the •* chief creditor, It is
exnected that the s company will pay in
full. ' -. -,- _ '
DYNAMITE IN A WELL.
It Injures an Engineer and Causes a
,\ Lively Panic in a Chicago : : (
Theater.
CHICAGO, III., June Great excite-
I ment was caused in the center of the busi-
I ness district to-night by an overcharge of
j dynamite in a well. One person was in
| jured and many others had narrow
escapes. In the Columbia Theater there
came near being a panic and a number of
people left the house, being frightened by
the noise. '.,''. j
.A well is in course of construction just
back of the Losetti restaurant on Madison
street, between Clark and Dearborn, and
an overcharge ' of dynamite to-night
caused an exolosion, which raised rocks
nn'ttiflsnrrniinHiniT «tre<-t!_. The engineer
DYNAMITE IN A WELL.
It Injures an Engineer and Causes a
Lively Panic in a Chicago
Theater.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— Great excite
ment was caused in the center of tha busi
ness district to-night by an overcharge of
dynamite in a well. One person was in
jured and many others had narrow
escapes. In the Columbia Theater there
came near being a panic and a number of
people left the house, being frightened Dy
the noise.
A well is in course of construction just
back of the Losetti restaurant on Madison
street, between Clark and Dearborn, and
an overcharge of dynamite to-night
caused an explosion, which raised rocks
on the surrounding streets. The engineer
in charge was hit by a flying stone and
painfully injured, but no one else was
hurt.
Assassinated in Denver.
DENVER, Colo., June 27.— Joseph G.
Ashworth.a salesman of the Denver Pack
ing Company in this city, while returning
to his home in the East End about 10:30
o'clock to-night, was confronted suddenly
at the corner of Twenty-fifth and Curtis
streets by a man with a drawn revolver,
who, without a word, shot Ashworth In
the temple, killing him almost instantly.
Ashworth is married and leaves a family.
The police have no clew to the perpetrator
of the deed.
Formal Reception of Xexo Diplomat*.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 27.— Tho
new diplomatic representatives of Japan
and the Argentine Republic were formally
received by the President to-day and fully
recognized iv their otttcial capacity. Both
ceremonies of presentation occurred in the
blue room, while the introduction in each
case was made by Secretary Olney. The
usual formal expressions of" goodwill were
made by the two Ministers and the
President.
TretfHury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C. June 27.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $102,061,746. The
day's withdrawals were $ti3oo.
NEW TO-DAY. |
DR. BROWIE-SEQDUrS
VITALIZING TABLETS
Has wonderful success in strengthening
and invigorating old and young people
who have been run down throuch over-
work, anxiety, trouble, indiscretion, ex-
I cesses and old age. It cures lacs of
I energy, premature weakness, loss of mem- '
j ory, lost powers, sleeplessness, nervous- !
j ness, fear of failure, niirnt sweats, desire I
j to be alone, gloomy and sad feelings and j
i incapacity for marriage. It acts at once
on the nerve centers, giving new life and vi- j
tality, and restores the mind and body to
vigor and health. $1 per package, tnree
for $2 5a
ROOT'S DRUGSTORE,
Sixth and Howard Sts.
SUBSTANTIAL BARGAINS!
.
Our Complete Stock of Thomson's
Genuine Glove-Fitting Corsets
at 25 per cent less than
regular established prices.
Style B— R<sj?ular guaranteed
price $2.50, our price $1.90 j
Style E— Regular guaranteed
price $1.75, our price $1.25 j
Style XL— Regular guaranteed
price $1.25, our price 95c!
Style RH— Regular guaranteed
price $1, our price 75c '
BLACK AND DRAB.
SILVERMAN'S,
1420 Polk Street,
NEAR CAIiIFOKNIA.
!■■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■•■••■•■•
: A WRECK S
Of freight on the railroad compromised on our own terms places aot of ROYAL
9 BAKING DOWDER in our hands below cost. For a limited time we offer and V
■■ guarantee it genuine, new. fresh goods in perfect order, full weight, except a few I
J cans dented. Original unbroken labels on every can. Regular prlc<harged after \
I this lot sold. fp
It's Like Buying Gold Dollars Belov Par.
m Act quickly. This Bargain serves to prove what al the people H
of this State are discovering gradually. They save % per cent A
and more at "Cash Smiths'." _
' Regular Quantity Oor "IVreck" Price
I Price. (Dealers' orders restricted). p er -]-j n
£ 15c • - 108 cans Royal Baking Powder, 4oz - - 10c Wk
m 20c - - 96 cans Royal Baking Powder, 6-oz - - 15c A
Q 25c - - 612 cans Royal Baking Powder, 8-oz - - 20c n
d 45c - - 612 cans Royal Baking Powder, 16-oz - - 39c t
0 $1.25 - 60 cans Royal Baking Powder, 3-lb - $1.05 ■
gg $2.00 - 34 cans Royal Baking Powder, 5-lb - $1.75 J
I # 5lc — Our XXXX Dry Gran. Sugar, fine in any shtpe, at 5c ■
■ 25c — Fidelity Cereal Coffee, pure, delightful - - - - 20c
% $I.oo— Cottolene (Fairbanks'), 10-lb pails - - - - 79c
■ 5c — Rice, Eastern, clean, white, broken, 1b - - - - 3c
0 $I.so— Ladies' Russet Oxfords, 2.^ to 7, opera or scuare w
fig toe, D, EE or E wide --------- 50c Hi
0 $3 75— Men's Fine Button Shoes, 5 to 10, elsewheess, Q
■ now - $1.37 m
• B
jgj Royal Baking Powder price to interior buyers will bold goad tntll July 8i! 0
. they clip this advertisement from "The Call" and send with the orde to the store DS
that "belongs to tbe people of California."
■ SMITHS' CASH STORE,!
414-, 416, 418 FRONT STREET, SAN FRANCISCO.CAL.
Largest, Cheapest and Promptest Mail Order House on the Cdst.
. July Price List Now Ready. We Continue to Help Pay Freight. ,
> •■•■••■•■■•■• ■•■•• ■•»■•■•
' . NEW WVBATj^^i^
EAGLESON&CO.
Factory Prices!
OUTING SKIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
74SAP 750 MARKET STREET, S. P.
212 SOXTUOHERY street, si. p.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO.
STILL SULLIVAN'S
THEY SUMMER
GO TANS -
With a rush. Tans are what's wanted. ' We've ajl '
the late shapes. Our stock Is too large. ■ We muse
! unload. We sold lots la-it. week. This week we 1
i expect big results. It's vacation time. Younc-
' liters want shoes. Want em to wear. We've got
'em. Just the shoes needed and prices that will
make shoe-buying a pleasure.
LOT ll— l4oo pairs of child's best (J K.
Tan Goat But on, new narrow st^iare
toe and tip, solid oak tan soles, Sfved,. Qf\O
8!ze56t08.... ......:.../....- *J\J
LOT 1—978 pairs of. child's beslO. K.
Tan Goat Button, same as lot l.only 5* 1 .00
in sizes 8% ioloy 3 ....i ;..... «IP± —
I LOT J— 369 pairs of Misses' best CX Tan
Goat Button, same as lot H, oily in QI.SS
sizes 11 to 2 L.......«3PJ. — -
The above are specials. TM wear of every
pair is warranted. We have then in all widths.
Out-of- own orders filled on sani ay received.
Bend for the (Sullivan Mo;ieyiiver, -iWiboolc.
containing all the now styles at.rijii.Vc^j^w-^;^. v
SULLIVAN'S,
MONEY-SAVERS 111 SHOES,
18-20-22 Fourth street.
THESI'CCESS OF TIE SEASON
THE LADIESIRLL ROOM
OK the-— * ' ~ '
PALACE HITEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET SI.
O EN UMTIL 3imriGHT.
nnBlf%IIB?^ rOB UKBEBH, bar.
IlilBSHI^I"^ crs ' l *">>l3Ck». bath-
t'ElUvllkU boasts] billiard- table*
brewers, bookbinders, candyiiakers, cannery
dyers, flourmills, foundries, laundries, . paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shr factories, suol*
men, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors He. • ■ •
-- • ■ BUCHAMAK BiOS.,v >:
Brush Manufacturers. 60iAucramentoSI*MAY BRING ON A
BIG DISCLOSURE
Laiouchere'j Inquiry Into
Financial Losses in
South Africa.
REVELATIONS IN ORDER.
I
Tangled Slate of the Finances of
I the Traublesome Chartered
Company.
RHODES AND CONFEDERATES.
Various Plans Proposed for the Pur
pose of Bringing the Conspira
tors to Trial.
rcoryrlght 1896 by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Ehg., June 27. — Poor Mr.
Balf ur, having been forced to exhibit
hirr-elf in the penitential sheet, candle in
hard, for a sufficient period to enable his
whole party and the public generally to
digest the fact of his unfitness for the
command, it is now smart Mr. Chamber
lain's turn to claim popular attention
and show what a different sort of person
he is.
To-day's announcement that the Char
tered Company directors have finally been
squeezed into dismissing Rhodes, Belt and
Harris furnishes an effective overture for
next week's performance, in wnich the
Brummagem star will have the limelight
all to himself. Labouchere's question, ■
put down for Monday, as to what steps the
Government has taken to insure itself
against financial loss in South Africa,
may Dring on a big disclosure of Cham
berlain's policy or the revelation may
come a little later. The question is a
most pertinent one, because the com
pany's liabilities are by its charter limited
to the amount of its paid-up capital,
whereas it purports to be assuming re
jponsibility, not only for the Transvaal
indemnities, but for the enormous outlay
involved in righting the revolted blacks
in Rhodesia, which must amount to a
great deal more than the company can
pay.
Even before these troubles began experts
beid that the Chartered Company's
finances were in a very queer state, and it
is foreseen now that bankrnptcy is in
evitable unless the Government comes to
tbe aid of the company. Presumably
there will be a loud and strenuous appeal
for this from the interested parties, who
possess immense social and political in
fluence; but it is certain that the demand
will be vehemently resisted by the Lib
erals, who would have an overwhelming
popular majority with them. This pro
vides a situation just after Chamberlain's
own t cart, one in which dexterity of
movement and a high order of cunning
a/c more iur^jrtant than the soiider quali
ties, and he is said to believe that he is go
me to emerge from the ordeal with colors
flying, at least that is what his backers at
Birmingham all believe.
They are saying, too, without conceal
ment, that the time is close at hand for
Balfour to make a graceful withdrawal
from the scene which is too rough and exi
gent for his delicate nerves, and to let
Chamberlain come into his own. Tnis
talk is now so loud that the Tories can no
longer profess not to hear it, and it puts
them in- a perplex'ng quandary. They
themselves say in almost so many words
that Balfour is "no good" as a leader, but
the alternative of Chamberlain, which
they now see is imperative, frightens
them. They ail say they would not serve
under him, and probably this is true of
at least enough of them to destroy the
present Ministerial majority. On the
other hand it is manifest that Balfour is
the only Tory in the House of Commons
whom Chamberlain would consent to re
gard as his leader. If Balfour goes Cham
berlain must come, and the perception of
this fact is rendered doubly bitter by the
knowledge that Chamberlain is all the
while undermining Balfour, weakening
nim and prying him out of his place. It
is a very curious situation, all things con
sidered.
It is expected that next week we shall
learn what the Government, that is to say,
Chamberlain, proposes to do in the way of
preparing for the trial and punishment of
Rhodes and his confederates. A variety
of methods of procedure are open, but the
London Times predicts that the one
adopted will be a commission of both
houses nominated by the Lord Chancellor
and the Speaker, with Chamberlain as
chairman. Tie objections to this will be
that the Lords are open to a good deal of
suspicion of prejudice in the Chartered
Company's favor, and there is also the
difficulty about finishing the inquiry
before the session comes to an end. The
general House of Commons opinion is
that there will be a royal commission of
three Judges, as in the Parnell case, and
it is understood that they will be Russell,
Hawkins and Pollock. There is the fur
ther complication of the Jameson trial,
which ougiit to be finished before the
other inquiry is begun. It is now under
stood, however, that if their technical ob
jection to the jurisdiction of the London
court fails, Jameson and his colleagues
will at once plead guilty, thus obviating
the necessity for a long trial.
The conflagration which threatent the
existence of the Ottoman empire con
tinues to be smothered in one place only
to break out in another. The Cretan re
volt for the moment seems to be under
partial control, but there are new and
threatening outbursts of disorder in the
Van district of Anatolia and among the
Druses of Lebanon. By the time these are
stamped out it looks as if Macedonia
would be on fire. Vienna is getting re
ports of outrages and revolts in various
parts of Macedonia, which point to the
conciusion that the general rising which
has been organized so long can hardly be
restrained now. Besides, although every
body says that Russia is intent upon
restraining it, nobody can prove tbe state
ment.
Prince Nicholas of Montenegro began a
visit to the King of feervia at Belgrade to
day. It is to be returned next month, and
ail the other small courts of Eastern Eu
rope are agog with rumors of an impend
ing Balkan confederation under the aetute
leadership of Ferdinand of Bulgaiia
which shall do all sorts of wonderful
things under the patronage of Russia.
M. de Blowitz records from Paris the
discovery that Russia has about decided
to come to the assistance of France in the
Egyptian business and try to secure the
consent of all the Continental powers to a
plan for neutralizing the Kbedive's terri
tory, which would have the effect of driv
ing England out. What basis the story
has there is no means of judging, but it
does not sound unlikely.
One of the nicest things about the
Prince of Wales has always been his pub
lic attitude of admiration and affection for
Gladstone. Even in the hottest stage of
the swell mob's fury against that states
man when they called Gladstone "the
murderer of Gordon" and "a traitor to the
union," the Prince kept his head and
found numerous graceful little ways to let
it be seen that he had no sympathy with
this violent discourtesy. Tnere used to be
stories afloat of his sharply rebuking the
men of his set, who imagined that he would
be pleased to hear them insult the "G.
O. M."
Of course, this was always open to the
explanation that the Prince merely obeyed
the law, which impels heirs to thrones to
be in opposition to the crown, and that he
made a show of a great liking for Glad
stone chiefly because his royal mother
made no secret of her loathing and hatred
of the Liberal leader, but those who know
best always insist that the Prince's ex
pressions of feeling on this subject are
genuine and profound, and certainly his
fervent eulogy of Gladstone and his wife,
made in their presence at the great Welsh
university gathering at Aberystwith yester
day seemed to come from the heart. It
was greeted with wild and prolonged
cheering by the Welshmen, and every
where to-day, even in the Tory papers, it
is alluded to as a very timely and popular
performance on th^ part of the Prince.
Gladstone himself appeared with his right
eye covered and leaning heavily on a
stick, but he spoke fluently and with much
of his old voice.
The statement from Washington that
the British Embaasador had asked Secre
tary Olney's intervention to secure riarri
son's release by the Venezuelans was re
ceived here with quite general approba
tion. 'I have seen no adverse comment
in any quarter, but on the other hand
many expressions of the opinion that this
is the way matters should stand between
the two great English-speaKing peoples
when the affairs of the New World are in
volved. This is practical proof of what
these dispatches always insisted on: that
nothing would de'ight the English more
than formally to concede our primacy in
the Western Hemisphere if they could be
sure that they would then be treate 1 like
blood relations and friends, instead of as
hated rivals.
Nobody here is really sorry for the
smashup of the old Conservative gang in
Canada. Some of the more zealous Tory
journals profess conventional regret, but
it is palpably perfunctory. Canada for a
lons time has been a source of much dis
appointment to Englishmen.
Tney have resented its narrowness, its
mental sterility and its ingrained provin
cialism all the more because comparisons
with the States suggested themselves con
tinually and almost invariably to the pre
judices of the Dominion. Hence Laurier's
triumph is hopefully laid hold upon as a
promise of new blood and new ideas in
Canada. The average Briton would really
prefer, I believe, a restive or even a muti
nous Canada, which produced the effect of
animation and brain power, than the kind
of apathetic, backward, Orange-ndden
community he fancies the real Canr.da to
be.
The success of the deceased wife's sister
bill on second reading in the House of
Lords possesses only an abstract interest.
It cannot possibly get to a vote in the
Commons, even if the Bishops do not suc
ceed in drumming: up a majority to kill it
in the House of Lords on third reading.
The debate on it this year was much less
entertaining than usual, and the reason
ing of its opponents certainly much more
difficult to understand.
After reading carefully all their speeches
one's mind remains quite blank as to why
they really object to the change. The
nearest approach to a practical argument
continues to be the old point: if the pro
hibition is lifted single women will come
to live with their married sisters and
poison them in order to secure the hus
bands for themselves. This theory is
stated now with less bluntness than for
merly. But it is evidently still enter
tained, and even the Archbishop of Can
terbury allows it to be understood that he
holds it.
Many interesting reports are coming by
mail from Russia about the big strike in
the cotton and woolen mills in and about
St. Petersburg. At one time it is said
40,000 workmen were out, and apparently
half that number are still obdurately idle.
The censorship will allow nothing to be
telegraphed about it or to be printed in
the Russian papers, which fact, perhaps,
prompts the correspondents and others to
exaggerate the importance of the thing.
It seems, however, that many secret proc
lamations of nihilistic orders have been
circulated among the strikers, and that
this discovery of a way by which the police
can be defied by the organized proletariat
has created a great impression in Russia.
The strikers, simply by keeping away
from the mills and even declining to go
and get the wages due them, have baffled
the authorities. The latter would have
known well enough how to deal with any
assemblage of the people by turning loose
on it the mounted Cossacks with their
whips, but they are powerless to deal with
a moujik who merely stays at home. The
plan is to send all the strikers back to
their native villages with their personal
rights to travel in the empire abridged,
but this will only spread the story of a
successful labor demonstration all over
the country and put a swarm of new ideas
in the heads of the rural peasantry.
There has also come from tne Russian
capital reflections of vague rumors that
Nicholas II is in a state of physical col
lapse, due to the terrible strain of the
Moscow fortnight and that there is some
occasion for th« fear that he is not going
to get strong again. An official dispatch
says that he is suffering from jaundice,
but gossip hints that this malady was se
lected for the bulletins in order to explain
the changes in the Czar's personal aspect
"which can no longer be concealed.
Sir Augustus Harris was really one of
London's most noted public men, and it
was quite fitting that he should have had
a funeral to-day exceeding in display and
numbers anything the metropolis had
seen for a long time. It may be
said with literal truth that he killed
himself by overwork. It had grown
to be a mania with him to accumulate
responsibilities wherever opportunity
offered, and toward the end he did this
with hardly any reference as to whether
there was profit in tbem or not. Thus he
finally piled up a burden so huge that no
human being could live under it. Yet I
bear that it is a matter of profound uncer
tainty whether he leaves a penny of per
soDal fortune. He made a deed of gift to
his wife a while ago, however, represent
ing a considerable sum, and probably the
public will never know just where he
stood financially.
The Cobden Club made a special effort
this year and raised funds enough for a
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
dinner to-night at Greenwich, this being
the fiftieth anniversary of the announce
ment in the press of England that the
corn law had finally been abolished by
Parliament. Over night we may be sure
there was a good deal more said about
Laurier than about McKinley.
Sarah Bernhardt has not put on grace
fully rounded flesh for nothing. It is an
nounced from Paris that she is going to
produce at the Renaissance next winter
Alfred de Musset's beautiful ''Lorenzac
cio," which has never yet been played.
What is even more interesting is the fact
that she is to take the role of Lorenzo de
Medici for herself. Haeold Frederic.
MINSTRELL RY MAN'S SUICIDE.
Closes an Eventful Career by Inhaling the
Gas Through a Rubber Tube.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.-Edward,
better known as "Ad" Ryman, the minstrel
and negro delineator, who was well known
in the theatrical profession and all over tbe
country as "Governor Ad Ryman," was
found dead to-day in his room at his
boarding-house, 242 East Sixtieth street.
He had committed suicide by inhaling gas
through a rubber tube attached to a gas
jet.
Ryman was 55 years oi age and was one
of the old-time negro minstrels. He had
been on the stage at least thirty years. He
was born in Ohio, At one time he was
connected with the old San Francisco
minstrels. His principal specialty was
making stump speeches and he was a
great favorite on the variety stage. His
last engagement was at Tony Pastor's dur
ing the week beginning May 4.
DEATH IN A COLLISION
Shocking Accident at a Colorado
Railway Water Tank
Station.
One Engineer Killed— The Other, With
the Two Firemen, Seriously
Injured.
COLORADO SPRINGS, Colo., June 27.—
The Union Pacific and Denver and Gulf
passenger, which left Denver this after
noon at 3:20 o'clock, collided with a stand
ing switch engine at Bierstadt, a watering
tank station, twelve miles east of this city.
Engineer Michael Shannon of the passen
ger train was instantly killed and Fireman
Collins and Baggageman Davis seriously,
if not fatally injured. Engineer O'Rourke
and the fireman of the switch engine were
seriously injured by the water tank col
lapsing.
The Denver passenger train was reported
eleven minutes late and as a consequence
Engineer O'Rourke of the switch engine
stopped his engine at the tank and began
taking water. There is a heavy curve just
behind the water tank which completely
hides it from the southbound trains. The
accident was caused by either the switch
engine overstaying its time at the tank or
the passenger making up lost time.
The passenger train was running at the
rate of thirty miles an hour. Engineer
Shannon did not see the standing switch
engine until he was almost upon it.
He quickly reversed the engine, but it
was too late to prevent an awful head-on
collision. Shannon was instantly killed,
while his fireman received probably fatal
wounds. Engineer O'Rourke and his fire
man saw tr.e flying passenger train just in
time and jumped under the water-tank,
which collapsed from the force of the col
lision. The passenger cars were badly
broken, but fortunately none of the thirty
passengers on board received more than a
severe shaking up. The body of Engineer
Shannon was brought to this city. He
lived in Denver and leaves a family. The
injured trainmen were brought to this
city.
SANTA TERESA'S POPULARITY.
The Banished Maiden Positively Declines
President Diaz's Invitation to
Return to Mexico.
EL PASO, Tex., June 27.— Santa Teresa
is still the center of attraction in El Paso.
Yesterday morning ex-Governor Lauro
Carrillo of Chihuahua, now a Mexican
Senator, arrived in this city from Mexico's
capital, the bearer of a message from Presi
dent Diaz to Teresa. The Senator, in com
pany with Francisco Mallen, Mexican Con
sul at El Paso, the Federal Judge and Pre
fect of Police from Juarez, Mexico, called
on Santa Teresa and had a long chat with
her.
- It was learned that the purport of the
message of Senator Carrillo was that
President Diaz, realizing the great
power and popularity of Teresa with
the masses of Mexico, and fearing that
the lower classes might hatch up a
revolution through the impression that
Teresa is expatriated by the authorities,
extends a cordial invitation to Teresa and
her father to come to Mexico, under the
guarantee of full personal liberty and the
protection of the Government.
After hearing the President's message
through, the banished maiden replied
courteously that she would never again
enter Mexico while President Diaz was in
power.
There is no denying that she has effected
some wonderful cures. Inquiries are pour
ing in from afflicted persons in California,
Louisiana, New Mexico and Colorado.
Captain Isaiah Weston is reported to have
been cored of paralysis by Teresa.
.. — — «
SHEDEN`S HERO KING.
Celebration of the four Hundredth An
niversary of His Birth.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27. — The four
hundredth anniversary of the birth of
Gustavus Ericson Vasa. or Gustavus I,
Sweden's hero King, will be celebrated in
Chicago and in many other parts of the
country to-day and to-morrow, the local
celebration taking the form of a picnic, to
be held to-morrow in Burlington Park.
The celebration is under the auspices of
the Swedish National Association, and it
is estimated that there will be an attend
ance of fully 10,000. .Perhaps the most in
teresting part of the programme will be
the reproduction ol the battle of Brunns
backs Ferry. Four hundred men, dressed
in the war costume of the sixteenth cen
tury, will represent the Swedish and Dan
ish forces. After the latter are routed the
triumphal entry of King Vasa into Stock
holm and his coronation will be enacted.
SOLD UNDER FORECLOSURE.
St. Louis and San Francisco Railway
. J* as at a Into 3 eto Hands.
; ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 27.— At noon to
day the St. Louis and San Francisco Rail
way was sold under a decree of foreclosure
: issued by tne Federal court. There was
one bidder, E. C. Henderson of New York,
counsel for the reorganization company.
The purchase price was fixed at $1,250,000,
and these were Mr. Henderson's figures.
On Monday next a; temporary organiza
tion of the new company will be effected.
D. B. Robinson will be selected president.
The headquarters will remain at St. Louis.
Cleveland's Centennial.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, June 27.— Active
preparations are under way for the cen
tennial exercises in July commemorative
of the founding of the city of Cleveland.
■ -■ • NEW • TO-DAY — CLOTHING. •• ' ■""'",':
FOURTH OF JULY ~ off v ,,nn.
WITH US, BOYS ! "j^*
Wll 1 1 U 9 l3 \J- \xs 1 m? Big
WE SUPPLY TEE FIREWORKS FREE. YOU APPLY THE PUNK. Wj BoyS,
A great Jubilee Sale, boys. In our Juvenile Suit Department we will -pre- yh^K Or rather young
sent each purchaser with a box of assorted Fireworks, commencing Monday />£ -A pVetTifilay
and all this Week. /\\ C? X Worsteds, rib-
YOU'LL HAVE A JOLLY TIME, BOYS, AT OUR EXPENSE. A ' I bed Serge Chev-
.v~ — — wvvwwvvwwvswvvvvvvwvvv^ ~~^~~~~*~~~-^~.-~~*~^*~~»^.^^^s^ ..'.- ' I tots and a world
■ ;'. ' ff^ =^^> /\nn AI^P VjCu I>— lof pretty Spring
Igjl^ill ill-^r^ UI'JP • 'A \ colorings— sl2
TVffJS V-^i m. jA. _^ and $15 values.
THFY'I I THEY QO! \V. y The y' re veri J
fSBf^A THFV'I I InbYQO! \. £&*?£&
f^^r^'^^^P- * 1 11-* 1 JL-^l-^ \ lently. We're
(iU r^ k y^7/K^ \ I turning 'em,
jlP^^Alll GOl Long: Trouser \J\\ Beginning
v^g^s^% VJVyJ -UVllg lIUU^CF I] \\ Monday and
■I JkL^ isyl\ THEY'LLQO!
\\§z) 4f*r) Short Trouser
j//v* n^ -<3^^iV\\ mM *^^ JLJp^ *r \&r > • I Double-breasted
ll l%^^mWsYi\Vi\\\\ "^ thousand pretty Reefer '* *£-/ Reefer style.
If 11 ism W&Mllr rlii^ Suits, in blues and nobby Spring The ones wearing long trous- I J They're choice,
ll / aim WM II II I I colorings, jaunty, with wide ers. Some 300 Suits in pretty \\\ yer V choice, all
\\lifm Waalll IllL- J braid on collar. Also 500 very colorings, made in single- \\ AW °^ *£* prettiest
llll^lM mm l II H ¥>' * V' Pretty and durable Tweed Suits, breasted style, round and Uj \^A colorings made
1 1 ITu 111(1-=-' ' in double-breasted style, all col- straight corners. x JM fjl in our%i'vn tai-
ililii • ///// %<a orings, including Blue Cheviots, Here's a jubilee price, boys— fl yl lor shops in New
11111 l /////r s T s=== " i stylish, up-to-date clothes, you spend the Fourth at our expense, Jl sL York.
lillH f////'-^^j- know, to celebrate the Fourth in. rt\r^ i—rr— /fTfi » -<•• - • \HEY RE A
Will J/ I l^^h^ - '«"«'«"*. M^"^ l^\ A Al. Beginning to-morrow
\ 111 II is IJ?*^^ Great Jubilee Special at *"*"vpQi I \J mmmm and while they last,
WWII O^i\ *** <-^n^ OvJ**« The colorings are choice. For mmmm \f}^ m J vu \ m J\y mmmm
liAill *A^'-N^ V boys ages 12 to 19. FOR THE PICK.
JWpP^ RAPHAEL'S Our ■ B ° ok >' 7 HintsFroma Q. 11 1Q 1C
Xjfl^^ . (Incorporated) Big Store," telling you how to * X1 5 1O » IkJ
f v/2^ THeM^oys^oHUTra^ «,i,X», *, -i -v '-* Kearny Street,
J^S The Bi s B °y s> Favorite Trading sh ?^ hy ma f' Your name and \T „ _ B%m , C f^n+
Cs£f House. address and it's yours. IX6B my otreßt.
GOOD PROGRESS
IN THE REICHSTAG.
Certain That the New Code
Bill Will Become
a Law.
AS TO CIVIL MARRIAGE.
German Statesmen Now Propose
to Make the Action
Compulsory.
HERBERT BISMARCK BOLTS.
Follows the Diiections of His Vener
able Father and Causes a
Sensation.
BEKLIN, Germany, June 27.—Through
jut the week the Reichstag has made good
progress in its consideration of the Gov-
ernment's civil code bill, and the measure,
which passed its second reading this after
noon, is now certain to pass all of the
itages necessary for it to become a law be-
fore the end of the present session. The
only debates that have attracted even a
partly full house this week have been upon
those clauses of the civil code bill relating
to civil marriage and the property rights
of married women and the game laws.
The bill proposes to make civil marriages
compulsory, and in opposing this provi
sion Dr. Lieber, the leader of the Centrists,
expressed regret that the committee to
which the bill was referred had not treated
marriage as a sacrament to which the
assent of the civil authorities was neces
sary.
Other Centrist deputies as well as Gen
eral yon Roen and several other Conserva
tives supported the view of Dr. Lieber,
holding that tbe civil marriage clause was
derogatory to the ollice of the clergy.
Herr Niberling. Imperial Minister of Jus
tice, denied that the Government had any
desire to place a mere civil marriage upon
an equal footing with a religious ceremony,
nor did they wish to come into conflict
with the churches; yet for many reasons,
ho said, it was desirable that the clause
should be maintained. The clause finally j
passed.
The Centrists afterward scored a vic
tory, however, by succeeding in having
eliminated from the bill the provision
making incurable insanity a ground for
divorce. A motion offered by Herr
Bebel, socialist, giving married women
control over their own property, was re
jected, but another socialist amendment
fixing twenty-one years as the limit of
age, beyond which parental consent to
marry was not required, was adopted.
Prince B-smurck is of opinion that the
civil code ought to have received more
mature consideration, and as a protest
against the hurried munner in which the
iill was handled the ex-Chancellor di-
rected Count Herbert Bismarck, his
eldest son, to leave the House when the
f first vote upon the measure was taken in
fetie Reichstag. This direction was obeyed,
I und Count Herbert's demonstration in
leaving the chamber, followed by ten
Conservative Deputies, created a mo
mentary sensation.
Prince Hohenlohe's parliamentary din
ner, which was given by the Chancellor
Tuesday evening, is still being talked
about as having been sparsely attended in
contrast to the ministerial dinners given
during the period of Prince Bismarck's
occupancy of the office of Imperial Chan
celler, at which the fate of Parliamentary
measures was wont to De decided. The
presence of Dr. Stocker, ex-court chap
lain, bearing very lightly his fall from
court and political party favor, was also
noticed and commented upon. Another
subject of comment upon the occasion was
the attendance of Baron Riedel, Finance
Minister of the kingdom of Bavaria, who
is associated with a project for the conver
sion of the imperial securities, a fact
which is most remarkable in that the
scheme has hitherto been strongly op
posed by the Bavarian Government.
Prince Hohenlohe la conversation at the
dinner expressed his satisfaction at the
prospects of the passage of the civil code
bill, and also at the general condition of
Germany and the pacific aspect of tnings
abroad.
The Chancellor, however, could not be
drawn into any expression of opinion, or
indeed any reference whatever to the re
ported negotiations on the part of Ger
many with France and England upon the
question of the summoning of an inter
national monetary conference. Neverthe
less, it is reported in official circles that
overtures have been made throug h Count
yon Hatzfeldt, German Embassador to
Great Britain, to induce Lord Salisbury to
send delegates to such a convention. The
fact that the Emperor has ordered from
London a small collection of books on the
subject of the currency, which it is his
Majesty's purpose to study during his
coming Nordland tour, has lent color to
the prevailing rumors that the Govern
ment is now making an effort to satisfy
the demand of the bimetallists for a
conference.
The decision of the international com
mission upon agriculture, sitting in France,
reauesting the French Government to con
voke an international monetary confer
ence, has creatly strengthened the hopes
of tlte German bimetallists that the pres
ent negotiations to that end will be suc
cessful.
The Emperor will start from Kiel on
July f, on board the imperial yacht Hohen
zollern, upon a voyage in northern Nor
way seas. The yacht will be accompanied
by the German cruiser Geflon, and the trip
will last six weeks. King Oscar of Swe
den-Norway will meet bis Majesty at
Christiania.
The United States Consuls and Vice-
Consuis in Germany will hold a business
meeting at the United States consulate in
Berlin ou July 4, after which they will at
tend the official reception which will ,be
given by United States Embassador Uh!.
The American pnysicians and dentists
in Berlin will celebrate the day by holding
a picnic at Grunau after attending Mr.
Uhl's reception.
TIN MILLS TO CLOSE.
Ten Thousand. Men Concerned in a Dis-
pute Orer Hayes.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June 27.— After a
conference that lasted from 9 a. m. until 5
p. m. to-day, the tin plate workers and
makers were unable to agree, and on
Tuesday night of next week all of the tin
mills will close, pending- a settlement. The
manufacturers have asked for another
conference on Thursday of next week.
About ln,ooo men are concerned in the dis
pute in tne tin mills of tne country.
TIDAL WAVES
VISIT HAWAII
Much Damage to Property,
but No Loss of
Life.
DEEP EBBS AND FLOWS.
Convulsions Thought to Have
Had Their Origin in
Japan.
THE LEGISLATURE ADJOURNS.
Grape Wines Will Enter Free, While
Japanese Rice Wines Are
Heavily Taxed.
HONOLULU, Hawaii. June 20.— A
succession of heavy tidal waves struck
the western side of the island of Hawaii
on the 15th, doing much damage to prop
erty, but causing no loss of life. The first
wave struck Xawaihae at 8:15 a. m., de
molishing the wharf, and Kailua, thirty
miles south, at 8:30, destroying lumber
yards and flooding the lower floor of Miss
Paris' hotel.
After damaeing various wharves and
landings on the Kona coast the tides
rounded the south point, striking the Kau
landings at 9:40 a. m., but doing little
damage. Hilo was reached at 10 a. m., the
water rising only eight feet and doing no
serious damage.
In bays on the Kona coast the sea came
up to points twenty and thirty feet above
mean tide. The tides continued to come
in all day at half-hour intervals of ebb
and flow.
Although the indications are that these
waves came from the northwest, Honolulu
harbor experienced but slight effect. Our
tide-gauge records fourteen small tidal
waves of about one foot in height, lasting
from 7A.M.t02 p. m. of the 15th. At ihe
narrow head of tne I. arbor there was an
alarming succession of deep ebbs and
flows every half hour.
At harbors on the east side of Kauai the
sea ebbed and flowed so as seriously to
molest vessels and boats, and fishpond
walls are reported to have been broken
away at the southwest point of Maui.
No satisfactory theory is advanced as to
the location of the terrestrial convulsion
causing these waves. It is supposed to lie
in a northwest direction, possibly in Japan.
The Hawaiian Legislature adjourned on
the 15th. The President vetoed the sake
bill which raised to 60 cents a gallon the
duty upon still wines made of materials
other tt an grapejuice of under 14 per cent
alcoholic strength, and to $1 for all be
tween 14 and 21 per cent. This law was
intended to affect Japanese sake or rice
wine. This is now imported Jn immense
quantities at very low prices and contains
a large amount of poisonous methylic
alcohol, which is especially injurious to
the native Hawaiians.
Both Houses immediately passed the
bill over the President's veto, with but one
dissenting vote, and grape wines accord
ingly enter free, while sake has a heavy
duty.
The reason alleged for the President's
veto was "rhe serious hardship to Japan
ese of small means of increasing the cost
of their accustomed stimulant."
The President was believed to have been
influenced by strong protests from [the
Japanese Consul and merchants. He is
naturally anxious to avoid any cause of
collision with Japan, whose attitude to
ward Hawaii is covertly menacing.
The Legislature has repealed the regis
tration act, which had been passed two
months before without serious opposition.
On putting it into execution a popular
clamor arose against the thumb-marks as
an indignity, and against all registration
as belonging to despotism. The natives
were also taught that the measure was s
covert means of compelling them to sup
port the republic and became much agi
tated. It was thought best, therefore, to
repeal the act.
Fifty-two Japanese from Oloalu planta
tion aie in Lahaina jail for refusing labor
after a riot on the night of the lath inst.
Captain Bray, who recently took the
mission yacht R. W. Logan to Ruk, re
turned here to-day with his family, per
Gaelic via Ponape and Manila. He re
ports the Spanish Government as about to
send priests and soldiers to occupy the
American mission station at Ruk.
NEW TO-DAT.
THEOWL
DRUC CO.,
CUT-R4TE
DRUGGISTS.
1128 Market St., San Francisco.
Tenth and Broadway, Oakland.
No One Can Do flore
Than Sell the Best Goods
For the Least Money
Look at These Prices:
Paine's Celery Compound <500
Plnkham'g Vegetable Compound esc
Ayers' Cherry Pectoral 790
Woodbury Facial -ioap 20c a cake; 3forsoc
Hood's and Joy's Sarsaparilla 65c
Cuticura Kesolvent 700
Cuticura Salve !!" 40c
Cuticura Soap, per cake '.' " 15c
Piso Cough Cure 200
Miles' Nervine 750
Allen's Malt WhisKy 85 C
Warner's Safe Cure 85 C
Munyon Remedies 25c sire 15c
Syrup Figs »5c
Castoria 260
Japanese Pile Remedy, $1 size 6Oc
Pleasant, Healthful, Refreshing:
DELAFULD'S KOLA CORDIAL!
A stimulant to muscular and intellectual ac-
tivity, sustains strength, diminishes fatigue.
Regular Price $1.25, Onr Price 85c.
IN RESPONSE TO THE DEMANDS Of MANY
of our patrons we have concluded to establish
a"Tabled'Hote" dinner, beginning Thursday, June
25, from 5 to 8 p. if., the price of. which will be *1.
The highs andard of excellence that we have so
carefully preserved for so many years will recom-
mend this new feature to the public.
SWAIN BROS..
Props. Swain's Restaurant, 213 Butter. ,
34
MELOUIZO WILL
BE PROMOTED.
The Human Butcher Gets
His Reward From
Weyler.
SLEW THE INOFFENSIVE.
Shot Dr. Delgado and Ordered
the Massacre at Camp
Florida.
SECOBD OF IT7ST FOR BLOOD.
Expelled New York Correspondents
File Claims for Damages and
Sail for Home.
HAVANA, Cuba, June 27. — Advicei
have been received here to the effect that
Brigadier-General Melquizo will positively
be promoted to major-general.
The Farnesio squadron, while operatine
near Capellanis, province of Havana, met
a large rebel force under Cullazo. A tierce
engagement followed, in which the rebels
lost twenty-one killed and many wounded.
The troops lost seven wounded.
General Melquizo is at present in com
mand of the troops in the southern part of
the province of Pinar del Rio. He has
gained most unenviable notoriety through
his killing of inoffensive paciflcos — men,
women and children.
It was by his orders that Dr. Delgado
was shot, and he was also responsible for
the Camp Florida massacre. Many tales
have been told of his lust and, the charge
that tie had butchered hundreds of per
sons in cold blood has been proved
beyond a shadow of a douDt. He is to be
honored by promotion on the recommen
dation of Captain-General Weyler.
Mr. Gay, the New York newspaper cor
respondent who was expelled from the
island byj order of the captain-general,
sailed for New York to-day on the steamer
Orizaba. Mr. Dawley, the artist of Har
per's Weekly, wlio was confined in Morro
Castle for some time on the charge cf hav
ing communicated with the rebels, left on
the same steamer. He has filed a claim
at the American consulate of $100,000
against the Spanish Government. Mr.
Gay has filed a claim of $25,000.
THE CAPTURED FILIBUSTERS.
lirouyht Back to Key West, but ->o
C'finrge Made Against Them.
KEY WEST, Fla., June 27.— The reve
nue cutter Winona on Thursday afternoon
sighted the steamer City of Richmond
coming out of Biscayne Bay. The Rich
mond had been into Miami and landed
several hundred crates of freight, and was
on her way to Key West. The cutter sig
naled the steamer to heave to. Lieuten
ant Hay was then sent on board, and ex
amined her papers, and found that she
had no license. Her passenger list was
defective,. and he also found 449 cases of
ammunition on board. Hay returned to
the cutter and reported the fact to Captain
Gooding, who ordered Lieutenant Hay
and a prize crew from the cutter to seize
the Richmond and proceed to Key West.
Yesterday the Richmond started on her
way to Key West, and when off Alligator
Light a small steamer was sighted.
Changing the course of the Richmond,
they came within hailing distance of the
vessel, which proved to be the Three
Friends. A small boat put off from the
Three Friends and started toward the
Richmond, when some one on the latter
vessel gave warning and the boat put
back. Lieutenant Hay signaled the Rich
mond to be stopped and went on board
the Three Friends. After examining her
papers he informed Captain Broward he
was under arrest.
The cutter coming up later, Lieutenant
Myrick was sent on board the Three
Friends and the three vessels started for
Key West. On board the Three Friends
was Dr. Castillo, surgeon of the Jeanette
expedition and prominently identified
with the Cuban cause, being secretary of
the Cuban Junta. At a hearing to-day
before the United States Commissioner
there was no charge made against either
vessel.
WILL INVESTIGATE
The Treasury Department to Look Into
the Matter.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 27.— The
Treasury Department to-day was officially
advised that the steamers Three Friends
and City of Richmond were detained at
Key West, Fla., on the ground that they
were about to engage in a filibustering
expedition to Cuba. The vessels were
overhauled at sea by the revenue cutter
Winona last evening. On the City of
Richmond were 400 cases of arms and am
munition and on the Three Friends a party
of forty men, among whom was Secretary
Castillo of the Cuban Junta in this coun
try. The United States District Attorney
will investigate the matter and decide
whether they should be prosecuted for
violating the neutrality laws.
FUNERAL.
Many Eminent Men Assemble to Pay a
1.nr.1 Tribute of Respect.
CHICAGO, 111,, June 27.— An assembly
of notable men, principally Judges, law
yers and statesmen, gathered at the late
residence of Lyman Trumbull this after
noon to pay the last, tribute of respect to
tbe dead jurist and statesman. All the
Circuit and Superior Court Judges ad
journed their courts at noon as a tofcen of
respect and attended the obsequies. The
Chicago Bar Asssociation sent a large
delegation. Many of the men and women
present were of advanced years and bad
lived through the times the departed had
helped to make famous.
Rev. H. W. Thomas, who was his pas
tor, delivered a tender and poetic eu
logy, calling the Senator the greatest of
Chicago's citizens, whose name was writ
ten high on the roll of honor in his life
time by deeds as well as words — the ideal
American statesman, whose sole purpose
was to serve the people.
The Episcopal church liturgy was read
by Rev. W. W. Wilson of St. Mark's
C urch, and the burial was at Oakwood.
United States Senator Palmer, General
Lewis B. Parsons, General George W.
Smitb, Judges Blodgett, Tuley and Shep
ard, ex- United States Senator James R.
Doolittle and Juage Hutcbinson formed
the escort.
Killed by a Cyclone.
OWENSBORO, Ky., June 27.— Miss
Pearl Hicks was killed, and C. L. Clark
injured, by a cyclone which swept over
West Louisville this afternoon. Several
buildings were demolished. The damage
is quite heavy.
CHICAGO'S HOLD ROBBERS.
The Thirteenth of a Series of Successful
Hold- Vps.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27. — The thir
teenth of a series of hold-ups which have
been taking place here at regular intervals
for the past few weeks was accomplished
this evening within a half-block of the
Harrison-atmet police station ana the
police ara still looking for the men who 3O
openly defy them. Tne same tactics were
used rrt in the other twelve cases.
Two men at 10 o'clock to-night entered
the slioestore of A. Ruppert, at U36 Harri
son street, and with two revolvers each
compelled the cashier to empty his cash
drawer and hand out its contents. Fortu
nately the day's receipts were in the vault,
and only $20 was secured by the robbers.
As soon" as the two men got possession of
their plunder they ran out and down an
alley, and their whereabqutß is at present
unk-nown. The description of the men
tallies with that of the men who have
been systematically robbing stores for the
past few weeks.
INTERESTS THE COAST.
New California Postmasters Appointed.
Pensions Issued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 27.-G. W.
Warren was to-day appointed postmaater
at Buena Park, Orange County, California,
vice J. H. Whitaker, removed. Mrs. S.
E, King was appointed postmistress at
Decoto, Alameda County, vice T. W. Lee,
resigned.
Charles R. Lloyd of San Fran Cisco is at
the Shoreham.
Pacific Coast pensions have been issued
as follows: California: Original — Harlev
Eaton, Tracy. Increased — Henry F. Half,
Coronado. Original widows, etc.— Martha
A.Keown, Savannah; Martha S.St. George,
Los Angeles.
Oregon: Original— Georce- F. Griffith,
Roseourg; John T. Townsend, Ashland;
William C. Lyons, Phoenix. Supplemental
— Jol.n Garber, Langlois.
Washington: Reissue — Jacob E. Noel,
Tacoma.
Final Payment for the Oregon.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 27.— A
treasury warrant for $578,000 was to-day
drawn in favor of the Union Iron Works
of San Francisco in final payment of the
new battle-ship Oregon. A reserve fund
of $t>o,ooo out of the contract price has
been retained by the Navy Department to
cover the cost of any repairs or changes
for which the Union Iron Works may be
held, after examination, to be responsible.
NEWS OF LOS ANGELES
Decorator Adams Sues the City
Clerk to Obtain Fiesta
Finery.
Heavy Crop of Oranges Throughout
the County— Mrs. Forbes Keeps
Her Children.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 27.— The
fiesta decorations used on the City Hall
are causing tne City Clerk no end of
trouble. Sam Adams, the decorator,
claims that a part of the lumber and bunt
ing is his private property. When Clerk
Charles Luckenbach put the aforemen
tioned property away under lock and key
to-day Adams got out a search warrant
charging Luckenbach, Beena and John
Roe with secreting hia property.
The City Clerk laughs at the affair, arid
says that Adams is disappointed because
he failed to get the contract for decorating
the City Hall for the Fourth of July.
He claims that the city owned all the
lumber and that he offered to let Adams
take off such bunting that he had tacked
onto the lumber, but Adams demanded
all. He told Adams he would not get it
and the decorator swore that he would.
Luckenbach bad Mr. Bena lock up what
he believed to be the city property.
Adams says that he is not chagrined at
the loss of a contract. He merely wants
his property, which he values at ?100 or
$150.
THAT TOILED IN VAIN
Tunneling Bank Robbers Misjudged the
Location of the Vault.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 27.— The at
tempted robbery of the First National
Bank is still the topic of conversion.
Numerous residents on Commercial street
state that they were watching the move
ments of the detectives night after nieht,
so it is no wonder that the attempted rob
bery was made public property. The true
reason why the robbers pave up the job
was that they believed the vault extended
to the floor of the cellar, instead of rest
ing on the arch. When they discovered
their mistake they quit.
It is stated upon good authority that J.
Stevens, the man now in custody on sus
picion of being implicated in the at
tempted robbery, bag been confined to his
bed for the past two months from the ef
fects of an operation. It is believed he
will be released when the evidence is heard.
HEAVY CROP OF ORANGES.
Dealers in Fruit Pleased With the Pros-
pects for the Coming Season.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 27.— The
prospects for the coming year's orange
crop are exceedingly bright, and several
leading commission merchants and fruit
men have said that it is likely to be larger
than usual. In many parts of the citrus
belt the trees are blooming more pro
fusely than has been the case in twelve
years. There nas been more dropping of
fruit than usual at this time of year; on
the contrary the percentage which re
mains on tne trees is greater. The drop
ping is always large when the crop is a big
one. Mediterranean sweets and navels
are tne greatest sufferers. This rather un
usual condition has been caused by tbe
extremes of the weather which have
occurred during the last six months.
WILL KEEP HER BABES.
Mrs. Forbes Is Awarded the Custody of
Her Offspring.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June 27.— Judge
Clark to-day awarded Mrs. Forbes tbe
custody of her two children. The woman's
mother, Mrs. Scott, and the latter's
brother had attempted to secure the
guardianship of the children, claiming
that Mrs. Forbes was an unsuitable person
to have charge of them. The mother said
that she had repeatedly seen Mrs. Forbes
sitting in the Jap of J. Quigley, hugging
and kissing him. The latter admitted all
this, but denied that anything improper
had occurred.
Judge Clarke decided that these little in
discretions were not of such a nature as to
prove that the morals of the children
would be injured by their being in the
custody of the mother.
San Kernardino's .Hissing Man. '""
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 27.— A
systematic search will be made to-morrow
for tue body of G. A. Wingfield, who is
supposed to have committed suicide near
Highlands or Harlem Springs in the early
part of this week. The motor road will
give free transportation to all who will
unite in the search, and it is believed that
at least 100 men will form the party. A
somewhat extensive search was made yes
terday and to-day, but it was unsuccessful.
Kalamazoo, Mich., Is famous for celery. See
U'iiomaa dialer's advertisement on page $9.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
WEBFOOTERS CLIP
OLYMPIC'S WINGS
California's Athletes Go
Down Before Oregon
Brawn.
EDGREN SAVES THE DAY
Prevents a Crushing Defeat by
Capturing Each of -the
Weight-Puts.
TWO COAST RECORDS BROKEN
Herbert Greenland Bests Krelling of
San Francisco in a Wrest
ling Bout.
PORTLAND, Ob., Jane 27. — By a score
of 57 points to 44, the Multnomah Athletic
Club this afternoon defeated the Olympics
of San Francisco, after the most exciting
field contests that have ever been seen on
an athletic field in the Northwest. Tbe
Olympics were under some slight disad
vantages. Phil Wand, one of their best
men, was unable to take part in the con
test, his shoulder having been sprained in
a rough and tumble wrestling bout with
Krelling.
The Multnomah team failed to win the
events which had been conceded to the
California visitors. Edgren, the Berkeley
man, proved to be a wonder to the local
athletes in the throws, Flannagan, the
Multnomah man, going down before him
after a very stubborn contest.
Captain Len Gill's men fell down in the
sprints and gained but four victories out
of the thirteen events, with second place
in most of the others. It was in the
weight-putting and shot-tossing that they
prevented being taken into camp.
It was an iaeai day for cracking records.
A slight shower last evening had laid the
dust and the track was in first-class con
dition. It was hot enough to draw out the
athletes' best efforts.
Multomah field presented a pretty sight.
The field was a riot of colors, and over
2000 people passed through the gates. The
wildest enthusiasm prevailed. Charles
Dillon, an ex-Stanford man, led the ex-
Stanford and California contingent in the
chorus ot "rooters" for tho visitors.
Two coast records were broken. They
were the high jump and the mile run, the
championship for which is now held in
the North. The Mnltnomah phenomenon,
little Bert Kerrigan, broke his own record
made two weeks ago, by raising the run
ning high jump to 6 feet 2 inches.
The Pacific Northwest Association
records in the mile, the high jump, broad
jump and the weights — hammer and
shot — were smashed. The contest was
memorable for the remarkable perform
ances of the day, for even the local men
surprised themselves. William E. Tal
lant, the Astorian, broke the coast record
for a mile in the hottest race for the dis
tance ever seen on Multnomah field. The
time was reduced from 4:40 to 4:81 2-5.
Brown of the Olympics was beaten out by
seven yards in a magnificent spurt on the
stretch.
R. W. Edgren, tbe Olympic champion,
took the 16-pound hammer throw, the 16
-pound sbotput and the 56-pound weight
tossing. In this last event his opponent,
Flannagan, stopped at 25 feet 2% inches,
and Edgren put the weight 26 feet 6\4
inches, fairly outdoing himself.
In the 16-pound hammer throw Flan
nagan was beaten by a foul and the event
was given to Edgren. Flannagan threw
the hammer 129 feet 5% inches, btit It was
not allowed because his toe was pushed
over the mark. Edgreu's distance was
127 feet d% inches. Collins did not com
pete.
Edgren won the shotput on his sixth
and last throw, beating Flannagan, who
had it at 36 feet 5 inches. Edgren in his
last trial put the shot 36 feet 9 inches.
Patterson of the Olympics withdrew
from the 220-yard hurdle event, and Mor
gan took it in :26 3-5. There was no sec
ond. Patterson skipped the second Hurdle
and this threw him out of the race.
Brunton of California withdrew from
the pole event, leaving the contest to Ker
rigan and Watkins. Kerrigan won at 9
feet 4 inches.
In the 880-yard run, Tallant of the
Multnomahs and Dave Brown of the
Olympics ran together to the last lap. It
was a very pretty race. At the end of the
stretch Tallant spurted and beat by three
yards in 2:o4>£.
In the opening event, the running high
jump, Kerrigan and Patterson tied at 6
feet 2 inches. Patterson refused to jump
off the tie and left the field, and the event
was given to Kerrican.
The summary follows:
Running high jump— Bert Kerrigan, M. A.
C, won; W. C. rntier.-on, O. A. C, second;
F. E. Watklus, M. A. A. C. third. Height, 6 feet
2 inches.
One hundred yard dash— A. L. Fuller, M. A.
C, won; F. R. Butz, O. A. C, second; Leon
ard Gill. O. A. C, third. Time, :1O 2-5.
One mile run — \V. E. Tallant, M. A. C,
won; D. E. Brown, O. A. C, second. Time,
4:31 2-5.
Running broad jump— Bert Kerrigan, M. A.
A. C, won; John liruuton, O. A. C, second; F.
R. Butz, O. A. C., third. Distance, 20 feet 11
inches: Brunton, 20 feet 4tl< inches.
120 yards, over hurdles--E. E. Morgan, M. A.
C, won; W. C. Patterson, O. A. C, second.
Time, :16 2-5.
Throwing 16-pound hammer— R. W. Edgren,
O. A. C, won ; Ed Flannagan, M. A. C, second.
Distance. 127 feet 9J^ inches.
220-yard dash— John Brunton, 0. A. C. won;
Leonard Gill, O. A. (.:., second; A. L. Fulfer, M.
A. C, third. Time, :23 1-5.
Putting 16-pound shot— R. W. Edgren, 0. A.
C, won; Ed Flannagan, M. A. C, second. Dis
tance, 36 feet 9 inches.
2 - _'O yards over hurdles —E. E. Morgan,
M. A. C, won. Time, :26 3-5.
440-yard run— F. B. Coyne, M. A. C. won;
John Brunton, O. A. C, second; A. J. Brazee,
M. A. C, third. Time :55 3-5. '
Throwing 56-pound weight— R. W. Edgren,
O. A. C, won; Ed Flannagan, M. A. C, second.
Distance, 26 feet 6% inches.;
Pole vault— Bert Kerrigan, M. A. C.won;
F, E. Watkins, M. A. C, second. Distance, 9
feet four inches.
880-yard run— W. E. Tallant, M. A. C, won;
Dave Brown, O. A. C, second. Time, 2:o4}£.
Charles Krelling, the champion light
weight wrestler of the Olympic Club, was
defeated to-night in a three-round wrest
ling bout, best two in three, at the Mult
nomah Club by Herbert Greenland, the
Northwest champion, who put his Califor
nia rival's shoulders on the mat in the
first and third bouts. The first fall was
won in 16:20 2-5, and third in 2 minutes
flat. Krelling downed Greenland in tie
second bout in 1:04.
Krelling was the heavier man by five
pounds or more. Greenland is now cham
pion of the coast.
Baker Knocks Out Butler.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June 27.— At : the
Unique Athletic Club to-night Henry
Baker of Chicago knocked oat Joe Butler
or Philadelphia ia the first round. Butler
re-mained unconscious fully five minutes.
The men were ta have fought twelve
rounds. After the fight Baker s manager
issued a challenge to Peter Maher.
EASTERN RACING EVENTS.
WW P Lowers the World's Record,
: Paced to Wagon.
... RED OAK, lowa, June 27.— For a second
time at the meeting here a world's record
was beaten at Pactolus Park to-day. W
W P, paced to wagon to beat his own
record, went a mile in 2:oß>£. The three,
races of the day were all run in fast time
To-day was the last day of the meeting,
which has been marked for exceptionally
fine racing. To-day's attendance was 1500.
Trotting, 2:35' class, purse $1000, Nordica
won, Delpha second, Kathleen third. Best
time, 2:l9}^.
Pacing, two-year-old class, purse $1000,
Cricket Hill won, Anjav second,' Claud Cour
third. Best time, 2:24%.
Faced by wagon to oeat record of 2:08%,
\V \v p, s. g.. by Ben Lomond Jr. (Loomisj,
won. Time. 2:OBV<. Time by quarters, :31,
1:04, l:3G>^,2:oß^|.
Trotting, 2:19 class, purse $1000, Metzger
wen. Dick Hubbard second, Lucy B third, Best
time. 2:10J4.
SHKEPSHEAD BAY, N. V., June 27.-Five
furlongs, Mistral II won, Dr. Jim second,
Kemp third. Time, 1 :03 2-5.
Seven furlongs, Tremargo won, The Swain
second, Deerslayer third. Time, 1:291-5.
Six furlones. Divide won, Winged Foot sec
ond, Scottish Chieftain third. Time, 1:13 1-5.
Six furlongs, Hanwellwon, Glenmoyn sec
ond, Rubicon third. Time, 1:15.
One and an eighth miles, Jefferson won. Sir
Dixon Jr. second, The Dragon third. Time,
1:56.
One and a sixteenth miles, Counselor
Howe won, Marshall second, Long Beach third.
Time, 1:57 2-5.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 27.— One mile, Denis
won, Haroldine second, La Galienne third.
Time, 1 :48J4.
One mile, Pelleas won, Rhett Goode second,
Metaire third. Time, I:46}£.
Seven and a half furlongs, Don Carillo won,
Benamelia second, Harry McCoucn third.
Time, 1:89%.
One mile, Schiller won, Ace second, Tar
tarian third. Time, 1:40.
Six furlongs, Figaro won, Johnny McHaie
second, George F. Smith third. Time, 1:18^.
Five furlongs, George Rose won, Jack BB
second, Dr. Wnlmsley third. Time, 1 :04%.
LATONIA, Ky., June 27.— mile, Anna
Lyle won, Countess Irma second, Judith third.
Time, 1:42^.
One mile and seventy yards, Sir Dilke won,
Ondague second. Rasper third. Time, 1:47&
Six furlongs, Urania won, Egbart second,
Robinson third. Time, 1:15&.
Five furlongs, Maceo won, Irby B second,
Proteus third. Time, 1:02.
Five and a half furlongs, Eugenia Wycks
won, Charina second, The Blossom tnird.
Time, 1 :lOK.
CHICAGO. 111., June 27.— Results at Shef
field: Six furlongs, The Sculptor won, Santa
Cruz second, Repeater tnird. Time, 1:16.
Five furlongs, Zamar II won, Yours Truly sec
ond, Brown Eyes tbird. Time, 1:02%.
Six furlongs, Evanatus won, Roy Lochlel
second, B roadhend third. Time, 1 :11%
Six furlongs, Lollie Eastin, won, Assignee
second, The Kitten third. Time, 1 :13%.
One and a half miles, Cunarder won, My
Luck second, Graiz Hauler third. Time, 2 :48.
Five and a half furlongs, Miss Young won,
Walkover second, Jennie June third. Time,
I:o7}*.
MILWAUKEE, Wis., June 27.— Six furlongs,
Wernbert? won, David second, Havoc third.
Time, 1:14.
Five furlongs, Fervor won, Domiior second,
Scarf pin third. Time, 1:02.
Six furlongs. The Deuce won, Palomacita
second, Double Quick third. Time, 1:15^.
One and a quarter miles, Prince Lief won,
tluskalonge second. Rondo third. Time, 2:09.
Seven furlongs, Irene Woods won, Goodwin
II second, Samson third. Time, 1:28.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Colts Demoralized in Their Third Game
With Pittsburg.
CHICAGO, 111., Jitne 27.— The Colts seemed
demoralized in the third game with Pittsburg
to-day, although they made no errors. Terry
was knocked out of the box in the fifth inning,
and Briggs, who replaced him, was hit almost
as hard. Killen was a complete puzzle all the
way through. Attendance 7500. Score: Chi
cagos—4, 8, 1; Pittsburgs— lo, 14, 2. Bat
teries—Terry and Douahue, Killen and Sugden.
Umpire— Sheridan.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June 27. — The discouraged
Browns lost to-day through inability to bat.
Hits off Breitenstein came at opportune times.
The game was listless aad without features.
Attendance 750. Score: St. Louis— 2, 6, 3;
Cincinnatis— s, 8, 1. Batteries— Breitenstein
and Murphy, Fisher and Peitz. Umpire —
Lynch.
' WASHINGTON, D. C, June 27— The Balti
mores won to-day through good luck. In the
second inning Keeler made a ''fluke" home
run hit into the right-field bleachers, bringing
in two men ahead of him. The visitors played
an errorless fielding game and the locals' work
was sharp and clean. Score: Washingtons— s,
10,1; Baltimores— 6, 8, 0. Batteries— Mercer
andMcGuire; Homer and Clark. Umpire —
Hurst.
BOSTON, Mass., June 27.— Philadelphia did
about aii of its hitting and scoring in the sec
ond inning to-day. After that but one hit was
made, and in but two innings did a man get
as far as second. Hamilton's batting was a
feature. Score: Bostons— ll, 11, 0; Philndcl
phias—7, 11, 3. Batteries— Nicholas and Ten
noy. Keener and Grady. Umpire— Morrili.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 27. — Cleveland-
Louisville game postponed; wet grounds.
NEW YOIIK, N. V., June 27.— Tne New Yorks
dtfemed Brooklyn to-day when it was least
expected. Cocoran muffed a thrown ball,
which was chiefly responsible for the defeat.
Gleason's second-base play was a feature.
Score: New Yorks— 9, 12, 2; Brooklyns— B, 15,
2; batteries— Meek in and Wilson, Stein and
Burrlll; umpire— Emslie.
FINED FOR RONDYISM
Five Players of the Cleveland Ball Team
Punished.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., June 27. — Five
players of the Cleveland ball team were
found guilty of breach of the peace In the
City Court this afternoon for their action
in yesterday's game with Louisville. Cap
tain Tebeau was fined $100, McKean and
McAleer $75 each and Burkett $60.
Dr. Thomas H. Btuckey, president of
the Louisville club, indignant over the
rowdyism of yesterday, this afternoon
swore out warrants against McKean, Mc-
Aleer, Burkett, Childs, O'Connor, Tebeau,
McGarr, Blake and Cuppy, who took part
in yesterday's game, charging them with
breach of the peace, with the intention of
having them arrested after the game. At
3 o'clock the Clevelands appeared at the
ball park.
It wag raining, and as it soon began to
pour down in torrents the game was called
off and the police presented warrants for
the Cleveland players.
With their uniforms on the players were
hustled ■ into a bus and taken to the City
Court, where Judge R. H. Thompson was
in waiting. Judge Aaron Kohn, chairman
of the Board of Public. Works, conducted
the prosecution and the Cleveland play
ers were represented by Attorney Allen
Kinney. The testimony of the prosecution
showed that McAleer, Tebeau, McKean
and Burkett had heaped insults on Um
pire Weidman and that McAleer had
struck him.
Weidman testified that no one hit him,
but that lie was insulted and knocked
about, but he did not know by whom.
. The Cleveland players denied using vio
lence or offering insults, but Judge Thomp
son held that the testimony showed that
Tebeau, McAleer, McKean and Burkett
were guilty as charged in the warrants
and he assessed the fines mentioned, the
other players being dismissed without trial
except as to O'Connor, who was found not
guilty.
The attorney for the defense took an ap
peal to the Circuit Court, and after some
delay the Cleveland quartet gave bonds for
their appearance when required.
BASEBALL AT SANTA CRUZ.
Electrics Defeat the Cruiser Philadel-
phia's Svhe.re-Tossers.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 27. - All
Santa Cruz went to the ball game this
afternoon at Vue de l'Eau Park, for the
bluejackets from the war ships have be
come such favorites with Santa Cruzans
and the summer visitors that to have not
seen the Philadelphia's baseball team at
the national game would have been to
miss one of the biggest events of the pres
ent season.
The Philadelphia's boys, however, were
rather disappointing at baseball, scoring
only 3 runs to 12 by the Electrics, yet they
played an interesting game, and the
splendid music by the Philadelphia's bund
made up for their shortage of runs. The
Electrics, while proud of their victory,
would have graciously submitted to defeat
in deference to tbe desire of the big audi
ence of ladies to applaud the bluejackets.
Roberts for the Electrics pitched a fine
game, only four safe hits being made off
him. Babin. for the Phi!adelpiiias,
proved his skillfulness in the pitcher's
box, too, though he was not so successful
as Roberts. The Phiiadeiphias had some
excellent ball players in their team, but
some of their crack players were detained
at duty aboard ship. Tueir center fielder,
White, did excellent work, and their in
field playef3 were above the average.
ENGLISH YACHT RACES.
Britannia and Niagara Won in Their
Respective Classes.
HUNTEKS QUAY, Enq., June 27. —The
Satanita, Ailsa and Britannia started this
morning in a race for the Majestic cup,
valued at 100 guineas, under the auspices
of the Royal Clyde Yacht Club, the second
prize being £30. The course sailed over
was from off Hunters Quay around the
starting line, Yacht-racing Association
rules and time allowances for a fifty-mile
course. There was a light southerly
breeze. The race was won by the Britan
nia. The Ailsa was second and Satanita
third.
The twenty- raters' race was won by the
Niagara, Saint second, Penitent third.
The starters were: Niagara, Dragon, The
Saint and The Penitent.
Lively ■ Wheel Hares.
PEORIA, 111., June 27.— The bicycle
races closed to-day with good attendance.
The meet was a most pronounced success.
Tom Cooper was much in evidence today,
defeating Zeipler in the quarter-mile open
professional and Sanger in the mile open
professional.
One mile, 2:19 class, Joe Griebler won, E. E.
Andeison second, O, Stevens third. Time,
2:11 2-5.
Quarter of a mile, open, Tom Cooper won,
Otto Zeiglcr second, Charles Hofer third.
Time, :32 1-5,
One mile, amateur, State championship.
Jack Curry won, L. E. Lan^e second, C. C.
Ingraham third. Time, 2:29 2-5.
One mile, open, Tom Cooper won, W. C. San
ger second, Otto Zeigler third. Time, 2:12 2-5.
Two miles, handicap, Griebler won, Hofar
second, Mertins third, Bliss fourth. Time,
4:214 5.
Northwestern Breeaers' Annual Meet.
CHICAGO, 111., June 27.— The annual
meet of the Northwestern Breeders' Asso
ciation opened at Washington Park this
afternoon, the entries including many of
the best known and speediest horses in the
country. The events proper will be inau
gurated with the free-for all race on Mon
day. Owing to the new conditions pre
vailing in Chicaeo there will be no betting
and bookmakers as a consequence have
not been attracted to tne city.
Lowered a Tandem Record.
OMAHA, Neb., June 27.— W. A. Pixley
and Floyd McCail, both Omaha boys, low
ered the world's tandem mile record, fly
ing start, on a iap track, at the bicycle
races held this evening at Charles-street
park. It was a sanctioned L. A. W. race
and time kept by an official timekeeper.
The mile was made in 1 :59 2-5, shaving the
record 2 4-5 seconds.
Cyclists Embrace the Greater New York.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.— The mu
nicipality of Greater New York has been
adopted as a geographical unit by the bi
cycle-racing fraternity, and the Manhattan
Beach Track is the scene to-day of com
petitive races between tbe scorchers of New
York, Brooklyn and such other bailiwicks
as are to be included in the enlarged
metropolis.
Races at Spokane.
BPOKANE, Wash., June 27.— Special pace,
Pathmont won in straight heats, Del Norte
second, Phenol third. Best time, 2:13.
Quarter mile dash, Red S won, Paddy second,
Skipper third. Time, :23.
Half mile dash, Paul Jones won, General
Steptoe second, Blue Sign third. Time, :49^.
One and an eighth miles, Jim Bozeman won,
Pollock second, Oakley third. Time I :s6><.
A Fast Century Ride.
LONDON, Swg., June 27.— At the Herne
Hill track to-day Palmer, the bicyclist,
rode a hundred miles in 3 hours 47 minutes
and 47 3-5 seconds, beating the record.
ROMANCE OF PORTLAND
Rich Louie Thanhauser Sued for
Refusing to Wed Marie
Fately.
Fifty Thousand Dollars Demanded as
a Balm for Lacerated Affec*
tions.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— A sensa
tional lawsuit, with sensational testi
mony, will be heard in tbe Circuit Court
on Monday. Marie Fatly (nee Waters)
is the complainant, and Louie Than
hauser, a prominent merchant, is the de
fendant. Mrs. Fately wants $50,000 to heal
her lacerated heart.
For a number of years, the woman al
leges, she and Thauhauser lived together
as man and wife, though there was no
marriage ceremony. She asserts that
Thanhauser induced her to wed one
Thomas Fately of Sacramento, and after
ward persuaded her to procure a divorce
from her husband. After having been di
vorced she returned to Portland and again
began living with Thanhauser.
This state of affairs continued un
til the merchant became enamoured of
the wife of a San Francisco com
mercial traveler, and Marie was turned
out upon the cold world.
Thanhauser has numerous depositions
from men in Sacramento who claim that
Mrs. Fately's reputation there was unen
viable. Her attorney, George W. P.
Joseph, asserts that they are not at all
anxious on this score, as he has evidence
to prove that the men irom whom these
depositions were procured are unworthy
of belief.
The parties to this suit, which will be
contested inch by inch, are extensively
known here, and Thanhauser las a large
circle of acquaintances in San Francisco.
LUCK OF A FRESNOITE
Finds Riches in a Recess of a Building
Being Torn Down.
FRESNO, Cal., June 27.— Isaac N. Hyde
to-day "applied to the Superior Court for
letters of administration on the estate of
his father, S. S. Hyde, who died in 1868,
and it was supposed left no property.
While tearing down an old building in
this city a large block of stock in the Cen
terville Canal Company was tound in a
cubbyhole.
It was in the name of S. S. Hyde. The
canal property is now valuable. " The son
will now seek to prove that this stock
legally belongs to his father's estate.
Jubilee Rites in Ta coma's Convent.
TACOMA, Wash., June 27.— Sister Mary
Gonzaga celebrated her golden jubilee of
fifty years of convent life here to-day by
an impressive ceremony, conducted by
Rev. Mr. Hylebos, Rev. Mr. Williams,
Rev. Mr. O'Reilly, Rev. Mr. Deichman
and Rev. Mr. Moen. The vestments and
dalmatics were beautifully painted in
water colors for the occasion. Presents
were received from every State in the
Union. •
Abbey and Orau to Resume.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.-It is an
nounced that in conseauence of arrange
ments made yesterday the firm of Abbey,
Schoeffel & Gran will resume business on
July 1 next.
SAD ACCIDENT
AT SANTA CRUZ.
Jackson Crooks of Oakland
Receives a Dangerous
Wound.
STRUCK BY A BULLET.
He Lets a Revolver Fall to the
Floor and the Weapon Is
Discharged.
HAS SLIGHT CHANCE FOR LIFE.
The Pleasures of a S;a Beach Hotel
Ball Marred by a Singular
Misfortun\
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June 27.— Jackson
Crooks of Oakland, who, with his wife and
child, has been visiting here for a week,
was accidentally shot to-night and may
die. He was changing his street dress for
ballroom garb in his apartments at the
Sea Beach Hotel, when a pistol fell from
one of his pockets and was discharged.
The bullet struck him on the left side,
just under the heart, passed upward
around a rib and came out in tbe center
of the left side of the back, at a point above
the line of entrance.
Within a few moments after the acci
dent the rumor that Crooks had attempted
suicide spread over the town. Dr3. Bailey
and Morgan were called and dressed the
wound, pivi:ig Mrs. Crooks considerable
hope for bis recovery. As soon as Crooks
was made comfortable and allowed to talk
he soon convinced those about him that
the suicide theory was ill-founded.
Crooks said that he bad just gone to his
room from the dining-table and begun to
change his dress. When he removed a
pair of trousers from a chair the pistol fell
from a pocket, discharging tbe ball into
his body. James Doyle, barkeeper of the
Sea Beach, was tbe first to hear the shot,
and ran in the direction of ttie sound.
Crooks was found prostrate on the floor.
He said to Doyle: ''I've had an accident,
Jimmy, and I guess I'm gone."
Mrs. Crooks was summoned and mes
sengers immediately dispatched for physi
cians. There was intense excitement
about the hotel. Tae guests were gather
ing for the dance and everybody was
startled by the sad news, for Mr. Crooks
and his wife are so well known and kindly
considered here, that they have friends in
almost every household. Mrs. Crooks is
the eldest daughter of County Treasurer
William H. Bias. Mr. Bias is known fa
miliarly as "Uncle Billy" and he and his
family are loved by the whole town.
When Mr. Crooks married Flora Bias and
removed to Oakland, Santa Cruz lost one
of its most charming and lovable girls,
and any sorrow that befalls Flora Bias-
Crooks is the sorrow of the community.
Jackson Crooks is well known in San
Francisco and Oakland as one of the heirs
of the Crooks estate, of which he is the
administrator and the affairs of which he
is just closing up. Matthew Crooks, his
father, was a California pioneer who
amassed a fortune of $2,000,000, which
fell to his widow and eight children when
he died twelve years ago. Mrs. Susan
Crooks, the widow, died about a year ago
in San Francisco and since then Jackson
has been engaged in settling the estate.
He and Mrs. Crooks and their baby came
to Santa Cruz to attend the carnival and
visit Mrs. Crooks' parents and friends
and were stopping at the Sea Beach Hotel,
where they intended to remain for a part
of the season.
Crooks was on the street this afternoon
and among his associates, whom he left
just before going to dinner, he was in his
usual cheerful mood. If the wound does
not prove fatal it will cause him to be
under careful surgical treatment for some
time, though he says that he is not much
hurt, and believes i.c was more frightened
than injured when the shot struck him.
Late to-night the surgeons could give
but little hope of his recovery.
PACIFIC GROVE'S SCHOOL.
Need of a More General Observance of
the Sabbath Urged by Christian
Men and Women.
PACIFIC GROVE, Cal., June 27.— The
morninc session of the Woman's Christian
Temperance Union School of Methods was
devoted to the department of Sabbath
observance. Rev. M. C. Briggs, D.D., of
San Jose, Rev. N. R. Johnston of Oakland,
Rev. John Kimball of San Francisco, Rev.
Mr. Kyle of Salinas and Rev. Mr. Peck
were present from the Sabbath Asso
ciation.
Mrs-. Sturtevant Peet delivered the open
ing address, emphasizing the point that
Sabbath desecration led to criminality.
Mrs. Christine Armstrong presented an
impre sive paper, entitled "The Sabbath
Was Made for Man." Rev. Mr. Kyie dis
cussed the question from the standpoint
of physical considerations alone, claiming
that more and better work could be ex
pected from man and beast when one day's
rest was given in each week, and that man
would derive incalculable benefit, morally
and physically, from the weekly day of
worship.
Rev. N. R. Johnston spoke on the duty
of the church to the Sabbath. The church
was the teacher of the people, and to it be
longed the responsibility of teaching in
the name of the Lord. The duty of rulers
and legislators was not alone to do the
will of the people, but the higher duty —
the will of God.
Dr. Briggs held that the whole Sabbath
question was embodied in the law of love
as taught by the Savior, declaring that he
who broke the fourth commandment broke
the whole decalogue.
He demanded of Christian people more
sacrifices for the sanctity of the Sabbath ;
more self-denial and less self-indulgence';
more responsibility for their own prac
tices and example.
Mrs. Mary Frank Brown narrated some
striking instances of mistaken efforts
which had resulted in valuable lessons in
Sabbath observance. Ms. Eyster, Mrs.
Gove and Mrs. Greene engaged in a gen
eral discussion of how far Sunday travel
ing was justified.
A reception at the El Carmelo was ten
dered the visitors to-night.
Puget Sound Fruit Blighted.
TACOMA, Wash., June 27.—Fruit-grow
ers report that crop prospects on the
sound are not flattering. Orchards situ
ated in close proximity to salt water are
seldom affected by spring frosts; but the
cold, dry freeze" in April was more than
the trees could stand. This year's crop on
all the islands in and around the sound
have been blighted, and will prove almost
a total failure.
Herman Cabinet Change.
BERLIN, Germany. June 27.— The Em
peror has appointed Herr Brefeld, mem
ber of the Prussian Council of State, as
Prussian Minister of Commerce, to suc
ceed Freiherr yon Berlepsch, resigned,
WONDER-
WORKER!
& Remedio-Trea\ment Hit Is
the Marcel of the Cen-
. tury.
Thousands Cured— Prematurely
Old Men Made Vigorous and
Powerful—H ow It Was Dis-
covered.
IT IS HARMLESS.
Positive Cures Have Been Made end
Years Allowed for Relapse, So It
Is Now an Assured Fact— lnterested
Parties Should Investigate.
• There is no gainsaying the fact that I
am always in search of the novel, the new,
and for this very reason I went up to the
big white building on Market street to
talk about the wonder worker of wh'.ch so
much has been said lately. The scientific
gentleman with whom I conversed tried to
carry me into thin air and dropped me on
a star, but as 1 proposed only to glean
facts and tangibility, whenever he dis-
coursed on the possibilities I politely
listened but brought him back to the
point, to the point of fact. Indeed, he
bristled with facts and figures when it wan
stuck to him. Said the doctor: "We have
been us'ng the Hudyan remedio-treatment
in the Hudson Medical Institute for five
years, and we are now prepared to say that
it is the greatest wonder-worker in the
world. Our statistics prove that ninety-
eigfit out of every one hundred cases that
we have undertaken were entirely cured in
a given time, and the two per cent lost were
cases that it was impossible for any one
to do anything with. It is a certain thing
that the great Hudyan remedio-treatment
is the first discovery of the age. It is ■
boon to man. Young men when suffering
from failing manhood, bad dreams, melan-
cholia and nervous troubles brought on by
dissipation, abuse, etc., can be speedily
cured if they bat follow the advice that
goes with the remedio-treatment.
"You want to see some testimonials,"
said the doctor to me. Of coarse I did,
and I minutely inspected four hug«
volumes of testimonials, and I can truth-
fully say that these testimonials con-
vinced me that the Hudyan remedio-
treatment is a great boon to man. 1
asked the doctor if Hudyan was procurable
in any place outside of this institution and
he replied, "that the great Hudyan could
not be procured in any part of the world
except at the Hudson Medical Institute."
So any one who wished information con*
cerning the great Hudyan must eithei
write or call to the Hudson Medical In-
atitnta for . : i^-JU 'i;'s'/y-4&ll\?;- ■.
[CIRCULARS and TE>TIMOSill^]
!.:..... i . V. ........... X .'.... ................ ....!
As it is well known the Hudson Medical
Institute occupies the white building at
the junction of Stockton, Market and Ellis
streets. The private entrance for this in-
stitution is No. 5 Stockton street.
All curable disorders are treated at the
Hudson Medical Institute, although it is a
fact that the specific remedio-treatment,
Hudyan, is used more often than any
other treatment, because the doctors of the
Hudson Medical Institute are especially
successful in diseases of men. I asked the
doctor what was the greatest trouble with
which he bad to combat in these cases,
and be told me that many men had a false
pride, a false modesty, and waited and
waited until it was almost too lato before
they made application for the Hudyan
treatment. Said the doctor: "It-is a fact
that the Hudson Medical Institute is not a
charitable institution, nevertheless hun-
dreds and hundreds have been cured at no
«ost to themselves. In many cases mothers
pay for their son's treatment unknown to
the son." Any one wishing further in-
formation concerning the great remedio-
treatment, Hudyan, should call or write to
the doctors of the Hudson Medical Insti-
tute, Stockton, Market and Ellis streets,
and receive free their
\ CIRCULARS and TESTMttOMM I
A Reliable Bicycle
Is a
Good Investment.
Pierce Cycles ride easily, but
do not easily get out of order.
They are honestly and intel-
ligently. made.
$75 and $100.
HOLBROOK, MERRILL & STETSON,
PACIFIC COAST AGENTS,
Market & Beale Sts., 223 J Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. SACRAMENTO,
Q B BEBfflMlwfflffl^Bffi SSI ■j||gt&Bj|
SIXTEENTH AND FOLSOM STS.
CAL. BASEBALL LEAGUE.
GRAND OPENINGJUNDAY, JUNE 28.
SAN FRANCISCO vs. OAKLAND.
CHAMPION MIAIIkKY WILL UMPIRE.
. Game called at 2:15. Admission 25 cent*.
w^m These tiny Capsules are supenoij
g\l to Balsam of Copaiba, /""**\j
I .V; CubebsorlnjertionsandffllPf I
BfJ CUREIN4BHOURS\3/j
|VJ the came diseases without}
inconvenience.
Sold by all druggists* I
■ . . . . ■.-.■"M`GOWAN GIVEN
HUMBOLDT`S VOTE
Backed by the Delegation
From His County for
Congress.
GAINS TWELVE BALLOTS
Republicans Adopt the Unit Rule
in the Convention at
Eureka
GILLETT FOR STATE SENATOR.
The St. Louis Platform Indorsed and
Hearty Support Pledged to the
Nominees.
FUREKA, Cal.. June 27.— The Repub
lican County Convention met at Grand
Army Hall to-day to elect delegates to the
J irst Congressional Convention, which
trill meet in San Francisco on Tuesday to
nominate a candidate for Congress. The
call from the County Committee included
the nomination of candidate for State Sen
ator from the First Senatorial District.
J. M. Melendy, chairman of the execu
tive committee, called the convention to
order. C. A. Eastman was chosen tem
porary c airman and W. T. S. Hadley
temporary secretary. The following reso
lution was unanimously adopted:
Be it resolved, That this convention proceed
to take a vote on various candidates for Con
gressman and Slate Senator for the purpose of
determin'nK this convention's choice of can
didates for these offices; aud be It lurther
Uraoivfi, That delegate? chosen at this con
vention to participate in the Conjrressional
and Senatorial conventions of the First Con
gressional and First Senatoriul districts, to be
held in the City of ban Fra.ncisco on Tuesday,
June 30, 1896, or as soon thereafter as said
convention can convene, be and they are here
by instructed to cast 'heir voles for persons
reeeivinz the largest number of votes in con
vention for such offices.
A motion to go into Assembly district
convention was lost, and the convention
proceeded to vote on a choice for Con
gressional candidate. When it was learned
Senator Frank MoGowan was the almost
unanimous choice of the convention the
applause was prolonged and enthusiastic.
It was some moments before the chair
man could again bring the convention to
order.
The vote for preference as to the Sena
torial candidate was very close. J. N.
Gillett received 48 votes and J. H. G.
Weaver 42 votes. Each faction had been
diligently working the county for sup
porters, as the Humboldt delegation con
trols the nomination.
The following delegates to the Congres-
Eional convention were elected: William
Carson, J. C. Bull, William Wallace. John
S. Connick, Tnomas Selvage. Dr. F. R.
Horel, Frank Eileriy Sr., A. Putnam,
Frank Luther, John M. Vance, Rev. C. P.
Cone, George W. Williams.
The convention again pledged its dele
gation to McCJowan, adopted the St. Louis
platform and resolved to earnesMy sup
port the ReDublican nominees. When a
picture of McKintey was presented to the
convention by S. A. Campbell the dele
gates arose in a body arid cheered. The
campaign cry has become "McKinley and
McGowan."
♦
Seattle's Champion of Silver.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 27. — Hon. Wil
liam H. "White, advance guard for the
Washington delegation to the National
Democratic Convention, left this morning
for Chicago. Being a forceful man and
an ardent advocate of the free coinage of
silver, Mr. Wnite's early journey to the
bat'le ground no doubt means that he will
take an active part in marshaling the
wnite meul forces. Of eight delegates
from this btate hve, and possibly six, favor
free coinage. White favors Bland and
Teller for ticket.
STANFORD CALVERNITS HOP
hummer School Student* Attend a Dance
in Boble Gymnasium.'
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., June
27. — The monotony of summer school
work was pleasantly broken into last
evening by some of the more energetic
students; giving a dance in Roble Gym
nasium. The invitation was a general
one to student;, and many took advantage
of the opportunity to attend the only social
event during the summer-school session.
The walls of the gymnasium were dec
orated with evergreens, artistically ar
tistically Arranged, while in each corner of
the dancing floor booths made themselves
conspicuous, not only because of the
handiwork, but also for the reason that
refresh hie nts were within, awaiting the
pleasure of the dancers.
An orchestra. from San Jose furnished
the music, and when the first number on
tb<- programme was called about twenty
rive couples took the floor. Waltzes and
two-steps were the favorites of the evening.
TURKS FRIVENS ESCAPE
Armenians ■ Cannot Leave the Eastern
Land of Bloodshed.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 27.— 1n a third
letter received by -Phillips, an Armenian
merchant of this , city, from hi.« mother,
five members of whose family have been
murdered by Turks, the writer states that
the hatcheries continue with no sign of
abatement. Replying to her son's advice
to leave and come to this country, she
says:
"If I only could leave this terrible land !
But no one can go without a pass from the
Turkish Government, and that is imp ssi
hie to get. As the mountains are all
guarded, it would not be possible to escape
that way. No business is being done, and
starvation stares all in the face, and it is
but a question of time, unless assistance
comes, until we perish."
The writer is endeavoring to care for six
of her grandchildren, representing three
families whose parents were shot down by
Turks. '
Selling Arizona Bond*.
THCENIX, Abiz., June 17.— Arizona
Territorial bonds, even at half price, are
in poor demand. The sale negotiated sev
eral months ago has fallen through. The
London capitalists, after depositing a for
feit of $10,000, declined to take the bonds.
A compromise has been effected whereby
the Territory wiil be reimbursed for all
expenses and the balance of the forfeit
money returned to the London parties.
Another sale is being negotiated.
Pft>» La/cc Jalioe't Water*.
CARSON, JNev.. Juue 27.— The new Lake
Tanoe steamer Tahoe was fired up to-day
and is now on the lake. Everything works
well. The trial trip will be made to-mor
ow.
I THE emporium. j the jEMPORiuaL -,.. —^^ -J->^^^^^ES^J^^S^S^^^ l-~A^-^^---^?3£i£££?£}i!^ :^ ! ISJL£ M J!25iE??i: ! Js£~Ss£-°JKH?!L
Ila Art Crepe and Tissue Paper, I
'*, r\ , x new ideas for Lamp ■
| U Uep t. Shades, Doll Dresses, ■
|j Paper Flowers, etc., and necessary I
Jf appurtenances for making same. ■
!fg Send for sample card. ■
; w Artists' Proofs, 14x28, in gold I
Iw. frame, 51.25. ■
M Artists' Proofs, 14x28, in 2-inch ■
II silver frame, $1.65. ■
1 Artists' Proofs, 14x28, in oak frame, I
I(B 51.95. I
i ft Artists' Proofs, 16x28, in 3-inch I
% white and gold frame, $2.15.
I £4 Artists' Proofs, 18x30, 5-inch white ■
m and gold frame, burnished gold leaf I
I' corners, $4.70.
(8 Gold Paint, mixed ready for use, ■
ft 25c a box. H
% Bronze Powders, assorted colors, I
f| ioc per package.
m Conte Fixatif, for crayon and char- ■
i I coal, large bottle ready for : use, ■
25c a box. H
Bronze Powders, assorted colors, I
ioc per package.
Conte Fix nit, for crayon and char- ■
coal, large bottle 25c.
Q Modeling Wax, Vibert's Varnishes ■
a and Mediums for Oil and Water I
% Color.
Liquid Tapestry Colors, $3-00 per I
I! set.
&/ Liquid Photo Colors, $1.50 per
« Higgins Ink and Examiner Board «
f| for Pen Sketching. jra
! |J H
U Art Department, second floor, Mar- ■ rflg 1>
« ket-street front. *
I & Royal Vitreous White Dinnerware(Maddocks'), fine, thin, pure white. Looks |
!VP just like French China, and positively guaranteed not to craze or crackle. JJ
I Dinner Set for Six Dinner Set for Twelve |
! y Persons. Persons. \
Ijp Soup and Gravy Tureens, two 1
(Si Soup Tureen, Gravy Tureen *P»"<S& covered and two uncovered «
: E (covered by regular dish), Un- M«? Vegetable Dishes.two Pickles, A
» covered 'Vegetable Dish, Jg~sL Salad Bowl, three Platters; \[\
Si Pickle, Salad Bowl, one large S>MC 9\ Dinner, Soup, Tea or Dessert |n
•1 and one small Platter; Dinner, (i rtlO ..J&i Plates, Vegetable Saucers, V
& Soup, Dessert or Tea Plates, \*™ mJm *l utter Plates, Teacups and *
(S and Teacups and Saucers. Xi «j'/ fcn^' Saucers, Sugar Bowl, Cream B
«f M*DS^ Pitcher and Slop Bowl. |
Sand Teacups and Saucers. Ktt,*i<is/ Saucers, Sugar Bowl, Cream R
M»2S^ Pitcher and Slop Bowl. «
52 Pieces for $4.85 104 Pieces for $8.30 R
M Can be matched any time. No charge for packing for shipment. Pieces L
i |i can be added or left out. • 5
i ra Crnr.kero Debar intent. Second Floor Rear. West Side. 8
VALUE *"** MONEY.
I Men and Boys' Clothing
jg Department.
8 Men's Suits, $10.
M _ We have selected ev-
v fISSSTv^- cry broken assort-
« lEfc£l«£ ment - Every lagging
W mJWi vafik style of Men's Ready-
% Pffl*^ to : \Vear Sack Suits—
;SI N^©*^ values up to $15, and
111 \dTyY marked them to sell
!If ftys&?s<:' this week at $10. A'"
I(2 \rnrlK most every size still in
i a '(•/r cr iV stock— some single
I % Yf'l rV and ■* some double
i Si L\' c tr\ . breasted-gray, brown
j m M xsj\l and tan plaid effects—
!if \ \\\\< mixed tweeds— blue or
(B IHI [1. . black cheviots— every
If ii |\ r^ garment all wool and
j % jj reliable in make and
61 *■'.-.■ trimmings.
i 1/ Men's Suits, $3.95.
\ 400 complete suits for men at this
M absurdly low figure. They are in
$5 brown, gray and tan mixtures, in 5
;If different color effects. They were
(3 manufactured to sell for $7.50. They
i m are not good enough for Sunday
!»1 Suits, but they are just the thing for
;If work suits or to take with you on a
j <jp country outing. Hundreds of them
I v will be sold to-morrow. Come early
l» to get your size.
Boys' Suits, 51.85.
' J Boys' Double - breasted Tweed
Suits, in 4 colors — gray, brown, tan
if? and Oxford— will be sold as a leader
ra this week only at $I.Bs— ages 4 to 14
i country outing. Hundreds of them
wiil be sold to-morrow. Come early
to get your size.
Boys' Suits, $!.£>.
Boys' Double - breasted Tweed
Suits, in 4 colors — gray, brown, tan
and Oxford— will be sold as a leader
this week only at $I.Bs— ages 4 to 14
years.
I VALUE *"s»s MONEY
B /£»' For Men's Bicycle
H ■^>n. Clothing.
If /Lt r\\ O ur popular-priced
II /fir Bicycle Suits are hay-
» / fiX rr/ ing an immense sale.
(B 'J&s They are carefully
'ra "IT Till made, perfect in fit
cl iII 'I and at the cut price re-
■st ' lX(\-dUr} markablein value. All-
■li '-iImJPw Wool Cassimeres,
j * !} "II brown and gray mix-
! i* -Ap-' Ci, tures, military cut,
W former price $8. Special for this week
:ja $4.00.
Men's Sweaters.
I & All-Wool, full finished, all sizes,
the $2.00 kind. Special this week
A at $1.50. White, tan, blue, maroon.
$ Men's Sweaters.
j kj> Elegant. Lambs' Wool Sweaters,
perfect in color, fit and finish, goods
I ffi that never have been sold for less than
m $2.75. Our special price this week
%. $1.95. White, gray, blue, maroon,
i l|> tan.
J H Clubs. Special prices made to clubs
§i desiring to have Sweaters
C manufactured to order in special colors
m or combinations of colors.
H Exceptional Values in Wall Paper
jp Department This Week.
I » White Blanks last week were
j If' 7 1-2 C, reduced to 4 1-2 C per roll.
1 Gilt last week were 10c and 12 1-2 C,
jS| reduced to 6c per roll.
¥ Ingrains last week were 15c, re-
rap duced to 9c per roll.
W Borders to match Ingrains, $ 1.00 a
m roll, reduced to 50c a roll.
W Lincrusta Walton 15c a yard, in-
« stead of 20c.
w Moldings 2 1-2 C a foot.
1 Window Shades with Spring Roller,
SI 25C
<£ We sell to you direct, and you are 1
/* not compelled to pay extra for the !
J| discount the paper-hanger would j
El make on you. We want our patrons
m to have the full benefit of this reduc-
» tion.
W Matting 10c and 12 l-2c a Yard. I
i| 200 Rolls Extra Heavy; Matting, |
$ worth up to 20c a yard. On sale
fib this week at roc and 12 1-2 C a yard.
S * Carpet 'Department, , second floor,
§8 rear. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
$ Concerts by the EMPORIUM Orchestra This Week Wednesday and Friday Evenings at 8 OXlock. £
I STORE CLOSED ALL DAY SATURDAY, JULY 4th— THEREFOR OPEN FOR BUSINESS AND CONCERT FRIDAY EVENING.
The four furnished rooms under the Mtttamt* Floor, in rear of store, 1@ FIVE O'CLOCK TEA OR MFDDJIY LUNCH served tn the daitttiest $jj
S ucre designed and furnished by our Practical Decorator, who is at your set- J| aud most tempting manner at the beautiful Cafe under the great dorm. &
ft vice. If you are furnishing a new home, or thinking oj refurnishing the old j§ Thronged with shoppers daily, who appreciate the convenience, luxury and 83
Si one, get this man's advice and assistance. Practical Hints to House Fur- ® moderate prices. \a
i nishers tn these four exhibition rooms as to Furniture, Draperies, Wall Dec- if We are Sole Agents for the genuine JOUVI'N &■ CIE French Kid Glove. M
k orations, etc. J§ There are other Jouvins, but tioiu like these. *a
I SAN FRANCISCO, JUNE 28, 1896. fl
VALUE «*» MONEY. j
The Climax of Value Giving now. No other store in ttfe West dare attempt such prices as we quote this week. The h
I absolute necessity of reducing our immense stocks, the selling of which was unavoidably delayed for many weeks, explains the price- J
L cutting below and a thousand similar bargains, which will be found in the World's Grandest Store. %
Selling every kind of merchandise in one vast establishment as we do means a great saving in expense, and consequently ffjj
the ability at all times to sell goods at a closer margin of profit than they could possibly be sold for in separate stores. But as cheap
as our modern methods enable us to sell every day, prices such as we quote you this week would mean irretrievable ruin if continued *
1 for any length of time. J
To maintain the prestige which is already ours stocks must be kept fresh, clean and strictly up-to-date. So rather than have X
the goods now in our store grow "stale" and "unprofitable" on our hands we cut prices as prices were never cut before in San J
Francisco. «
I PRICES THAT ARE DECIDEDLY IN THE BUYERS' INTEREST.
Special Sale of Slightly |
Damaged China, Glass- |
ware and Bric-a-brac. |
A large quantity of goods which |fl
arrived in slightly damaged condition, X
and which our repairer has renovated, ¥
will be sold at special bargain prices. B
In most instances the damage is so gj
slight that it does not detract from rjfi
the utility of the goods. ' Ig
Crockery Department, Second Floor, J
Rear. ,
j Manufacturers' Samples |
. of Upholstery Goods. |
We have secured a large line of a
samples of all the new kinds of Up- m
holstery Goods for Cushion and Pil- M
I low Tops, which will be sold at r>j
I special sale for two days at half or »
j even less than half what the goods M
would cost you by the yard. 2/
Curtain Department, Second Floor. m
Watch- An ex ert at your I
D . . service. Prices the %)
Repairing. mO st reasonable in £
the city, and any work entrusted to m
our care positively guaranteed for la
one year. W
•55^? Field-Glasses, %
finl s5 -°°- \
r* c l®| ri: l A high-grade 5-mile jjj
h ]£ \ Field-Glass, cased in Si
Wt^y^ji black Morocco leather V
L~"J p*j with japanned trim- of
mings, sunshade at- I
Stachments, 21-ligne I
glass, plush - lined Ix
carrying - case with m
shoulder strap; the Jj
whole complete to any «
address without extra . jl.
charge— ss.
VALUE «r«M MONEY, c J
Men's Underwear. ||
The purchasing power of $1 will to!
i astonish men who have hitherto con- J
I fined their purchases to exclusive , gj|
i haberdashers. Here for Underwear &
and Night Garments at lower prices [|
than you over paid before. S3
Men's All-wool Royal Derby Ribbed t«
Shirts and Drawers, brown or gray ; ' . jrl
have been $1.95 a garment, special (3/
price $1.45 each. $
Men's Fine Wool Shirts and li
Drawers, colors brown . and vicuna ; |3
I prices heretofore $1.25, now 85c each. |k
Special offerings in Natural Wool Jj
Shirts and Drawers, all sizes; con- g)
1 sidered by all our customers a good <j|J
value at $2, price on Monday and ft
until the lot is sold yi.45 each. j|
Silver-gray Cotton Shirts and £
j Drawers ; an exceptional value at $1, »'
i reduced to 75c each. m
Egyptian Balbriggan Shirts and X
} Drawers, full finish, 12-thread, nat- V
j ural color and tan ; former price $1.50, ]8)
special at 85c each. m
Derby Ribbed Balbriggan Shirts «
and Drawers, brown, blue and natural, m.
former price 95c, special at 45c each. *|
Very Fine Negligee Shirts, in Bed- Ik
ford cords, silk stripes and French |(
flannels, the $1.25 quality, at $1 each. (3)
Men's Fine Pongee Silk Shirts, $3 '■/£
quality, reduced for this value-giving ill
sale to $2 each. " la
Men's French Percale Negligee w
Shirts, 75c quality, special at 50c each. V
Men's Heavy Pepperel Twilled §
Muslin Nightgowns, very full in body, J§
52-inch cut, good sewing, pearl but- $&
tons; former. price $1, as a "flyer" 1
this week i.oc each. m
Turkish Bazaar. t|f
10,000 We offer this week ll
Pncawoc Io ' oo ° Rosaries, made ffi
KOSaneS, m Bethlehem— Rosa- B
lOC Each. ries of sandal wood, 8/
Soudan stones . and .S|
other materials. Usual * prices, 25c $
to 50c each.
;» • VALUE versus MONEY. (
Dress Fabrics— Wool and Wash Fabrics.
f Prices impossible to duplicate now or two months later at . {
1 the "fag end" of the season. Patterns impossible to duplicate 1
I at any price anywhere. No dull times here. No waiting for 1
I business to come to us. We are Makers Creators of business. I
} Counters and shelves clean and always ready for action. j
Monday Selling Will Start Briskly With Genu-
ine EMPORIUM Bargains.
i Yard Sticks and Scissors will be strained to their utmost I
measuring and cutting up. J
1000 Pieces Finest American Percales. jj
; ; The wide kind — 36 inches full. The kind you have l\
always paid 12 1-2 C to 15c a yard for, at |
8 l-3c a yard. ]
See the double Show Windows full of them at the price. c
They won't be on the counters long. i
We Are Not Ashamed to Admit It, We Bought Too Many Fine \
ZEPHYRS. i
1 The genuine goods with that fineness of weave and deli- |
. cacy of colors only found in Dress Zephyrs. |
We opened up late — had a short selling season. You will 1
benefit by it, for Monday's opening price, J
8 l-3c a yard, -|
Will close out every yard. Won't leave even a remnant, |
because you never saw them on a counter before for less than l
15c a yard. ■ |
This Begins the EMPORIUM Good-By Sale of j
All the Summer Goods. f
Organdies, Mousselines, I
Dimities, . . Crepons, ]
Grass Cloths, Crinkled Seersuckers, c
Ducks, Ginghams, I
Duckettes, Batistes. '• I
Jind All Other Wash Goods {Must Go. 1
Novelty Woolen Dress Goods. c
The $3.00 a yard Goods now • • • 75c a yard ({
The $2.50 a yard Goods now • - 69c a yard 1
The $2.00 a yard Goods now - - 60c a yard y
' The $1.50 a yard Goods now - • 50c a yard
. The $1.25 a yard Goods now „-. - 48c a yard
I The $1.00 a yard Goods- now - > 40c a yard
The $ .75 a yard Goods now ; - - 35c a yard
The $ .50 a yard Goods now - - 25c a yard 'f(
' The $ .35 a yard Goods now • ■ 15c a yard /
VALUE versus MONEY.
In Cloaks and Suits. c
. i Too Many Capes. si, $10.00 Jackets {
» If we had had $4.45. r;i i
I._ .**% • our full time to sell *&* Tan-Mixed All- \
jSil ■ them in, probably **7 Wool Jackets, with J
J?*ssL^ we would not have ,^»™c^w^\ fancy checked C
i y^m\\<^^bten so badly over " rfW/fIMUVA backs, the season's I
' V / 1 roA^V stocked as we are L f/L \ newest f styles, I
1 NNL 14 \ys now , , :*M^4. jte>^ large and small I
I V^>wSrf>^-< Big sales at last JUG? f pearl buttons, 3 V
X ''^ week's prices, but /fff******/ sizes .only— 32, 54, J
, .„, not big enough, so 36. If you have C
we've cut still further. i your size it's a bargain for a lifetime. i
Cloth— Velvet— ail kinds— £4.45 each. ' I
all colors — Capes that were $1.23 last — -. • . ; j
week— this week 98c. . Duck Suits. S
Capes that were 57.50 last week — .   . . ,>. , ..  . j
this week 84.95. r>. Another , big lot of. Duck Suits in i
Capes that were $16.50 last week I Blazer Style light and dark blue and |
—this week $7.45. i tan with white stripes,, all sizes, a ]
All the higher-price ones cut in two. ! £'* 7 aiu , a J f th tf c rice Same goods 8
Don't miss this chance if you need a j Reefer Jacket * l j2h $l^° a suit. . /
Ca P c - Woolen Dresses. |
Shirtwaists. Fine Blazer Dresses, Fancy-Mixed 1
Vni -, , . c , . . All-Wool Cheviots, silk-lined Jack- J
M You cannot have too many Shirt ts, real value $16.00, the cut price fi
Waists if you are going into the hardly paying. for material, $8.95 a 1
country. Cool, dean and becoming ' su jt • . ft
to everybody. We make a special i ' " — • f^
drive in Shirt Waists this week. S*»oar«t«» SkJrts I
They are perspiration proof-perfectly c . ?., * . ™ ■ „ , 1
laundered-reduced to 39c, 48c, 60c, tU Figured Mohair ' Skirts, lined A
75c, 98c up to $1.75 throughout, velveteen binding, were 5
Cloak Department, second floor, Mar- $4.00. This week $2.25. '. IS
Cloak Department, s*cond floor, Mar- y ___.?. i.ff/i i|
ket-street front. _ Carpets Advancing. |
VAIIIF versus Mntirv ' Get Your s ". Now, while, there 1
VALUL .«rs«f . IVIUIMLY. \ N arnt%u is a certainty of J
For Summer Shoes. "Jr « Lar P eiS getting them at g
Comfort and economy in the EM- ' At Once tne present low I
Comrort and economy in the EM- prices. Everyday 1™
PORIUM Oxford Tie tor Ladies— is a busier one for our carpet-sewers I;
further reduced this week on all sur- and layers, v Every day there is a f
plus stocks. . i possibility of advance prices. Come a
Big. values here for little money as ; while we still-can say "Lowest car- 3
in all other departments of the great I pet prices you will get this year." (1
store week. At $1.17 1-2 a yard— Lowell Body |5
At 5i.25 a pair— Ladies' Russet Brussels advanced : from $1.10 to X
Oxford Ties— round and square toe— $1.17 1-2, but even this advance price I
turned soles. is lower than the lowest price else- $S
At $1.25 a pair— Ladies' Black where. Uvvr- , -" \ v V
Dongola Oxford Ties— tips. • • At $1. 10 a yard— Wilton Velvets 1
At $1.25 a pair— Ladies' Black with or without borders, rich new -Is
Dongola Oxford Ties— patent tips— patterns, always. $1.25. : ' ; , \
Prince Alberts.- - . At 65c a yard— Best Tapestries, I
At $1.50 a pair— Ladies' Black with or without borders. Probably $
Dongola Juliettes. V;^. " the largest variety of patterns in the ' I
At $1.50 a pair— Ladies' Fine Rus- West, including designs for halls and M
set Southern Ties— top— round stairs. .- , |§
or square toe tf • , ' c .At 50c a yard-All-Wool Ingrains |
. o- 7^. a , $} a P a >r— Large lot of in choice patterns and colorings— the I
Ladies r Black Dongola Oxfords. usual 75c kind. .: -v -..■ . A
We have the extra fine lines in lat- At 65c a yard— Best Agra Ingrains I
est styles of . Men's and Women's in new Empire designs — the regular i
Shoes. 1 90 c quality. ,' -. '•;/ X
A Twentieth Address ) all Mail Order J
r . 4&&Ml*4s Communications " Mail *
Century ■ jffiSb} Order Department." %
Market Street, 1
San Francisco, Cal. \
VALUE — MONEY. I
a Mantel and \
I /*= — ■ Gas Fixture 1
I I flf^ksfM J Department. #
I \LJ \J *=*^/ Another chance on B
MONDAY. to buy Gas 1
t&' Globes at ioc each — W
■ _— — yf worth 25c— white opal I
■ —like the cut. p
Mantels, $22.50 Each. §
If you are building, or contemplate 3
I doing so, now is your opportunity to jg)
I purchase Mantels with heavy French- * m
I plate beveled mirrors, including %
I enameled tile hearth and facing, club- m
I house grate, frame, curtain rod and \w
I rings, blower and ashpan, at $22.50 M
■ each. . %
Gas and Electric Fixtures. f§
Do you wonder how we sell them M
I at these prices ? «
One Light Bracket, 32c each. $
One Light Pendant, 35c each. f$
■I^H^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^l Two Light Chandeliers, $2.40 1
sSgS&®sSSSS3!iQaacge<^3^Qfec@S^3^ each. ffl
p •■■■'■■•••• Three Light Chandeliers, $3.60 a
1 each. IT
S jfi& $15 Chandeliers for $7.20 each. \
*&? These fixtures are all of tb* newest de- X?
signs and very stvlisb. ' -If
. VALUE versus MONEY. I
In the Furniture Department. I
« A large portion of four floors crowded to repletion with all good kinds jL
') of furniture. Bought in carload lots in order to get the best discounts and '- &
I lowest freight rates. Right methods in buying, modern expense-saving '" W
ft methods in selling, mean lowest possible prices for good furniture to : ' : -''-'£h
3 EMPORIUM customers. Only a small part of the furniture displayed on r «
ft the first and second floors. Take elevator in rear to thoroughly explore the ~'-ff
M largest furniture-store in the West. 1
I Carload of These Household Necessities on Special Sale To-morrow. %
I Hanging China Closet,
I $3.50.
V Solid oak, glass sides and front,
a) . design exactly like picture; instead
n of $5, $3.75 this week.
I Tabourets Tabourets
I $1.50. •; ---
«:;.; Hard wood, coy- <9*»iO»
5 ered with novelty
I figured Burlaps, 20
I colors to match any
3 room decorations, I Polished oak.
Si convenient for
M shoes, brushes, Graceful designs,
i slippers, odds • and
I ends ;$ 1.50 is the Like picture.
I actual cost.
y 1- ,g^ I fjjj^fl j
\ This Screen $2.75.
I Oak frame, good quality silkoline,
|j in many pretty patterns and colors,
/ brass ornaments, would be cheap at
I $4. ; Useful as well as ornamental.
VALUE venus MONEY. $
In the Lace Section. The Most Important fi
Sale of Laces of the Year. I
Trade conditions, present and in prospect, urge the quick selling of our
immense stock of Laces, and justify prices like these to accomplish the result:
Black Silk Laces. I
3-inch Black Silk Chantilly Lace— 15c value, this sale 10c a yard. iS
5-inch Black Silk Chantilly Lace — 25c value, this sale 15c a yard.
3-inch Black Silk Bourdon Lace— 20c value, this sale \ic a yard. M
16 pieces of Choice Black Chantilly Drapery Nets, 45 inches wide, S
exquisite designs— real values $1.50, $2 and $2.50 a yard, this sale all at v
98c a yard. 1
White and Cream Laces.
Normandy Valenciennes Laces, a fine quality, reduced for this sale as follows : W
1 14-inch 2-inch 3-inch 5-inch
6c a yard. 8c a yard. 12c a yard. 14c a yard. g
All-silk Cream Applique Chantilly Lace, 5 inches wide, regular 45c
value — sale price 28c a yard. |L
Cream Silk Applique Chantilly, 4 inches wide, 40c value — sale price %
24c a yard. R
English Thread Lace, 2 inches wide, regular BlAc8 l Ac value— sale price 4c «#
a yard. M
Medici Torchon Lace, VA inches wide, regular 10c value— sale price W
6c a yard. ©
{ Fine Linen Thread Lace, 2% inches wide, regular 20c value — sale
\ price 12c a yard. $»
j Heavy Machine Torchon Lace, 3 inches wide, very strong, regular 8c w
J value — sale price 5c a yard. |8
I Machine Torchon Well-made Durable Lace, 5 inches wide, I2}4c
value— sale price 8c a yard. ijjj
Breton Oriental Lace, 4 inches wide, white, fine quality, 25c value-
sale price 16c a yard. j
White Oriental Lace, 3 inches wide, the 20c quality— sale price 12c a yard. %
3 Butter-color Oriental Lace, super grade, 10 inches wide, 50c value— M
I sale price 30c a yard. ;J
Butter Batiste Lace, 3 inches wide, with band to match— sale price 24c I
a yard. £5/
Butter Batiste Lace, 2 inches wide, fine quality, 25c value— sale price
15c a yard. H
Our enormous stock of Butter and White Valenciennes Lace, new so X
much in demand, marked for this sale at 2c, 3c, 4c, sc, 6c, Be, 10c, 12c and »
15c the yard. |{
This Pretty Hanging I
Corner Shelf Cabinet, &
$1.75. i 52.75. I
Awfully handy, i • — — ffl
this little corner Polished oak, back P
shelf, for china, printed sateen, ■
bric-a-brac, etc. I Dresden patterns, 5
These are oak, just brass fittings, very jt>
like picture, printed convenient for ¥
sateen back in ornaments, fancy 5
Dresden designs china or books. fj>
and color effects. j f, 1
k " i} JilJii I
fillip t§ Sip I
This Screen $3.90. 1
With Straight Top $3.25. fe
Three panels, 5 feet high, covered M
with novelty Burlap and figured *£
Denims, Heraldic and other new de- ffi
signs, wide range of colors ; original i
price $6.
Wall- Ij^^^g 1
PnrLpt Medicine 1
Cabinet, %
$1.25. $3.75. I
Three compart- N
Oak design like 1 men ts, good for m
. , . brushes, combs, Jji
picture, backs of shaving outfits and |j
finesateenand P at-^ k -^S f
terns that look like Plate mirrors in the g
doors, brass tips, X
watered silk. patent lock, was $5 |5
56
SAN DIEGO GAINS
A WATER SYSTEM
Voters of the Southern City
Declare for a Bond
Issue.
STRIKE AT A MONOPOLY
Heavy Majority in Favor of the
Scheme After Four Years
of Contention.
VICTORS WILDLY JUBILANT.
Value of Vast Tracts to Be Enhanced
a Hundred-Fold by Libaral
Irrigation.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., June 27.— This city
was to-night in tne possession of a howl
ing mob, and cheers for E. S. Babcock and
John D. Spreckels rent the air for hours.
The election held to-day resulted in a
crushing defeat of Silurians and the tri
umph of progressive men, who are build
ing up this country.
San Diego voted by a large majority
over the necessary two-thirds— a stupen
dous handicap — to build a new water sys
tem at a cost of $1,500,000, giving the city
1000 inches of water from the mountains
and a new distributing system. The
voting of bonds in this amount means the
construction of a system in addition to
that of the city, but auxiliary to it, for the
irrigation of 75,000 acres of land in the
country adjacent to the city — the finest
lemon land in the United States, and
which will jump in value from $1 per acre
in its present sagebrush state to $100 per
acre with water. The total cost of the
system, including the city's share, is esti
mated at $3,000,000 and over 7000 inches of
water will be developed. The city gets
the sole ownership of the magnificent
Morena dam, the finest m Southern Cali
fornia, the conduit to the city ana the
distributing system in the city.
E. S. Babcock, the founder of Coronado
and partner of John D. Spreckels and A.
B. Sprectels, is the moving spirit of this
great enterprise. The populace has go n
wild and bonfires, bombs and brass bands
held forth on the plaza both last night
and to-night.
At the Hotel del Coronado, which
Babcock built, the employes met him and
carried him on their shoulders, while fire
works and music drew the whole popula
tion of tbe beach to the spot. The citi
zens generally regard this as the turning
point in San Diego's career and are simply
beside themselves. The fight lasted four
years and was bitterly fought by the San
Diego Flume Company, owner of the
water system now supplying the city. All
sorts of corruption was alleged on the part
of the flume company and money was
Bpent like water. The city now cuts loose
from a monopoly and gains a water sys
tem of its own from fountain-head to
kitchen faucet.
SUED BY SPOKANE CITY.
Action Against a Corporation in Which
Prominent Men Are Named as
Defendants.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 27.— The city
of Spokane to-day began suit against the
Northwest Milling and Power Company,
together with a long list of other defend
ants, to recover $80,000 which it alleges is
due from the company. The suit promises
to be a sensational one. It involves a
number of prominent men and ex-city
officials.
J. H. Eardly, a former City Treasurer,
deposited city money to the extent of $35,
-000 in the Bank of Spokane Fall?. The
bank failed. An Eastern bank held $65,000
of stock in the Spokane Water Power
Company as collateral for $35,000 due it by
the Bank of Spofcane Falls. In order tb
save the $35,000 which the Treasurer lost
by the failure he advanced the other
amount to the Eastern bank and secured
stock.
Afterward the Spokane Water Power
Company sold all its property to the
Northwest MillinT and Power Com
pany and, it is claimed, without consent
of tbe city interest.
The property was then mortgaged by the
Mortgage Company cf Amsterdam for
$300,000. Solomon Oppenheimer, who was
the promoter, ran the company in debt
and left the country. The mortgage com
pany then commenced foreclosure pro
ceedings, and the city now comes in to
claim its interest and set the original sales
end mortgage aside.
The attorneys for the city say that prom
inent officials are involved and that the
transactions were fraudulent.
SANTA ROSA ELECTION ROW
Jeiters Induce a Unman to Insist Upon
Voting.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 27.— Mrs.
Williams of this city created a ereat deal
of^ excitement and no end of merriment
by attempting to vote at the election of
School Trustees to-day. Cherishing
strong political convictions, Mrs. Wil
liams was anxious to cast her first ballot,
having been led by a party of wags to be
lieve that she was entitled to that privi
lege. Upon being refused permission to
deposit her ballot, the lady returned to
tho«e who had first urged her to
make the attempt and was told by
them that her ballot had been rejected
on account of her known sympathy for
the American Protective ' Association.
She was told by the would-be funny men
to try again aud if refused to make a
grand uproar. rhe«e instructions were
curried out to the letter, and it was with
great difficulty that the woman was in
duced to desist and go to her home.
SANTA ROSA'S AGED SUITOR.
Seventy-two Tear Old Joaiah Piatt
Mould. Hed a Girl of fourteen.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., June 27.— Josiah
Paxton Piatt, aged 72, applied for a mar
riage license to-day, to wed Mary Burns,
aged 14. The would-be bridegroom was
informed by County Clerk Fulton that the
girl was' too young and that he could not
issue the license. The undaunted Mr.
Piatt said he would remedy that all right,
and the girl's mother soon appeared be
fore the clerk to pive her consent. The
clerk thereupon produced the statutes and
read a little cold law on the subject of
matrimony, from which the fatherly look
ing Piatt learned that he had yet a year to
•wait before he could wed Mary according
to law.
Fire Aear Black*.
WOODLAND, Cal., June 27.— A large
barn on Hon. D. N. Hershey's ranch near
Blacks was destroyed by lire this morn
ing at 4:30 o'clock. A valuable stallion
perished. The barn contained 100 tons ai
new hay and a lot of harness and farming
utensils. The loss is $3500.
MISSING FROM FORTLING
Real Estate Agent Jcvcett Said to II tie
Defrauded Several Hanks.
PORTLAND, Or., June 27.— The Wel
come this evening saya that Clarence F.
Jewett, for several years in the real estate
business here, has absconded after de
frauding several banks out of $25,000. His
victims are very reticent about the affair
and positively refuse to give any definite
information. District Attorney Hurce is
interesting himself in the case and is
making strong efforts to apprehend Jewett,
with no present indications of success.
It is said that Jewett defrauded indivi
duals also, but in mat cases the sums
were small, and those who lost by their
dealings with him will not go to any ex
pense to bring him back. But the banks
are determined that he shall not escape
and will spare no expense in bringing him
to justice.
Jewett is a nephew of the founder of the
Forearm Arms Manufacturing Company
in Springfield, Mass. This ancle is a multi
millionaire, and to-night it is said that the
alleged absconder has gone East to obiain
funds to square himself heie. His family
is yet in the city.
PORTLAND MURDERER'S FATE.
George W. Baxter Sentenced for the Kill-
ing of His Wife.
PORTLAND, Ok., June 27.— George W.
Baxter, the wife murderer who was con
victed of manslaughter, was to-day sen
tenced by Judge Stephens to fifteen years
of penal servitude and to pay a $500 fine.
Baxter takes his sentence quite philo
sophically. He had stated beforehand
that he did not think Judge Stephens
would give him more tnan ten years. The
courtroom was crowded with people,
many of whom thought the defendant
should havo been convicted ot murder in
the first degree and sentenced to the gal
lows. It is said that Baxter has friends
who will try and effect his pardon in a few
years. _______^_____
WAS KNOWN IN SEATTLE
Albert Peck a Divorced Husband
of Murdered Mrs. Cora
Borden.
She Was Granted a Separation Be
cause Their Temperaments
Were Antagonistic.
SEATTLE, Wash., June 27.— Mrs. Cora
Borden, murdered on Tuesday morning
in San Francisco by George Stutz, had a
divorced husband, Albert F. Peck, resid
ing in tnis city. He is treasurer for the
Washington Shoe Manufacturing Com
pany. The divorce was obtained in tan
Francisco over two years ago by Mrs.
Peck, but upon what grounds Peck says
he does not know, as he made no defense.
He presumes it was incompatibility of
temper, as their differences were never of
a more serious nature.
He met the late Mrs. Borden through
the instrumentality of his sister, who was
her bosom friend at New Bedford, Mass.,
where they were married in 1888.
The couple at once removed to jSan
Francisco, which city had been Peck's
home for many years, and remained there
until their separation.
Cora M. Lewis was Mrs. Borden's maiden
name. She was born at Plymouth, Mass.,
and was the daughter of Benjamin Lewis,
a blacksmith. Her near relatives are all
dead. In the early eighties she married
Arthur Borden, who was lost by the
wrecking of a small steamer near Nan
tucket in 1887.
Borden. Mr. Peck says, was a cousin of
Lizzie Borden, who was defendant in the
famous Borden murder trial at Fall River,
Mass., several yearg ago, Lizzie being ac
cused of the murder of her father and
mother, but acquitteJ. Mrs. Borden
piaye'i for two weeks in this city with the
Pyke Opera Company, and while here met
and conversed with Peck, who is now mar
ried again.
Imprisoned for Insanity.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 27. — H. W.
Mitchell, who claims to be an old news
paper man, is beine held at the County
Jail pending an examination aa to his
Banity. Mitchell is a middle-aged man,
and claims to have come from Stockton,
where, he says, he was employed on the
Mail. About 9 o'clock last night he en
tered the jail office, ana after raising a dis
turbance was ejected. He then crawled
into a doghouse to spend the night, and
when ordered to vacate refused to do so.
Mitchell says he was confined in Stockton
Asylum in 1894.
Threatened With Foreclosure.
SAN JOBE, Cal., June 27.— The canvass
of the city male Wednesday in an effort
to raise about $10,000 needed to liquidate
the indebtedness of the Young Men's
Christian Association resulted in collec
tions amounting to only $2510. This
makes nearly $11,000 that has been raised
to meet an $18,000 indebtedness. There is
a foreclosure suit now pending against the
association's lot and building on Second
street. A committee will be appointed to
see the wealthy class of the city and try to
raise the sum needed.
Chosen Friends Ficnic.
SAN JOSE, Cal,, June 27.— Garden City
Council No. 62, Order of Chosen Friends,
celebrated the seventeenth anniversary of
the order to-day with a picnic and dance
at Agricultural Park. C. M. Arnold, past
supreme councilor of Ban Francisco Coun
cil, delivered an address. Tbe proceeds of
the picnic will be given to the members of
the Order of Chosen Friends who were in
jured during the late St. Louis disaster.
Impaled on a Pitchfork,
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 27.— John John,
son, a laborer on CLarles Wade's ranch,
near Santa Clara, while stacking hay with
a derrick last evening was struck in the
right side by a prong of a fork, inflicting
a wound several inches deep. It is feared
that his lungs have been penetrated. Tbe
chances for Johnson's recovery are doubt
ful.
Forettera Elect Officers.
SAN JOSE. Cal., June 27.— Court San
Jose, American Foresters, has elected the
following officers: Chief ranger, If. L.
Haskell; sub-ranger, J. M. Ross; record
ing secretary, J. M. Reid; senior wood
ward, G. P. Memiler; junior woodward, H.
G. Mesa; eenior beadle, D. A. Amador;
junior beadle, Joseph Bliss.
»r. tiwift Honored.
BAN JOSE, Cai.., June 27.— The court
medal of the Astronomical Society hss
been awarded to Dr. Lewis Swift of the
Lowe Observatory, for his discovery of an
unexpected comat on Ann I 13, 1896.
Rinlto HabbU Drive.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., June 27.— A
drive to-day at Rialto resulted in the
death of more than 1000 jackrabbits.
M. Arton /sentenced.
PARIS, France, June 27.— M. Arton,
who was prominently identified with the
Panama Canal scandal, has been sen
tenced to six years' imprisonment at bard
labor for his complicity in the fraudulent
transactions that led to the scandal and to
pay back the money he embezzled from
the company.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUJNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
NEVADA FEDERAL
OFFICIALS "SEEN"
Assessments Levied for the
Democratic Campaign
Exchequer.
CIVIL SERVICE TITHES.
Office-Holders Both Great and
Small Asked to Subscribe
Their Mites.
RECEIPTS FOR ALL DONATIONS.
Agent Anderson and His Tax Lists
Abroad in the Silvsr
Country.
VIRGINIA CITY, Nev., June 27.— J. W.
Anderson, about 55 years old, sleek, well
fed ana with a bunch of iron-gray whiskers
on his chin, blew into Nevada lately on a
peculiar mission. He is pleasing and
suave, and carried letters of introduction
not to the vulgar public, but to Feaeral
office-holders great and small. He has
them on a list, with their names, ad
dresses, at what particular stall of the
public crib they feed and wnat the oats are
worth.
Anderson hails from Sprague. Wash.,
and his credentials are signed by Chauncey
P. Black, president of the National Asso
ciation of Democratic Clubs, Charles J.
Faulkner, chairman of the Democratic
Congressional Committee, and Lawrence
Gardner, secretary. Anderson is one of
three agents alleged to have been author
ized to assess Federal office-holders to
raise funds for the Democratic campaign
of 1896. He was evidently picked out of a
horde on account of his peculiar fitness
for the work.
He is an adept at the business, and has
methods to suit all occasions. He could
draw tears from a Sphinx; or cause "de
push" to cnuckle.
Anderson's assessments are rated at $25
on $750 per annum situations; $30 on
$1000 postmasters, soon to be in the civil
service; $75 on $1000 appointments; $125
on $1500; $300 on $4000. He approaches
the guileless with austerity, winds up by
asking how many dollars' worth they
love Democracy and their official necks,
and leaves after giving a printed receipt
in blue ink and parchment. From the
center of the parchment beams a likeness
of the father of his country.
Anderson carries numberless stub-books,
showing that he has been remarkably suc
cessful. He has traversed Montana and
Idaho, is now "doing" Nevada, and in
tends to touch the Califoruians next.
PORTLAND`S RATIFICATION
Oregon Republicans Indorse the Action
Taken at St. Lnuia.
PORTLAND. Or., June 27.— A great Re
| publican ratification meetine was held in
I Marquam Grand Theater to-night. Hun
dreds were turned away from the doors
and could not get in. General George H.
Williams presided.
Prominent men from all over tbe State
were present. The four Orepon electors
made brief addresses. They were John F.
Caples, E. L. Smith, T. T. (ieer and S. M.
Yoran. Speeches were made by the dele
gates to tbe St. Louis convention and tbe
announcement that Oreeo.n's representa
tives stand for "McKinley and 6ound
money" was the signal for a great out
burst. Other speakers of the evening were
ex-Senator Dolph, Congressman-elect
Thomas H. Tongue of Hilisboro and
Charles W. Fulton of Astoria.
Spokane Silreritet Meet.
SPOKANE, Wash., June 27. — The
Friends of Silver, a local organization
composed of people from all parties, lately
augmented by a number of bolting Repub
licans, met this evening and elected At
torney-General W. C. Jones, Judee R. B.
Blake and Hon. S. S. Bailey delegates to
the State Silver Convention. A resolution
expressing approval and profound grati
tude to H. M. Teller for his action at St.
Louis was received with a round of ap
plause. A number of speeches were made,
Teller's name being always received with
great applause.
A CYCLIST'S FATAL FALL.
While Making a Tour of Mexico He Goes
Over a Cliff-
GUADALAJARA, Mex., June 27.— D. C.
Edwards, an American who had been
making a bicycle tour through Mexico and
left here a few days ago to cross the Sierre
Madre on his way to Manzanlllo, was ac
cidentally killed by falling over a cliff
eighty miles distant from here. His
mangled body and broken bicycle were
found at the foot of the cliff.
The mountain trail at that point is very
narrow and dangerous, and it is supposed
that Edwards was carrying his wheel,
when his foot slipoed and he was dashed
over the precipice. His place of residence
in the- United States is not known here.
Attempt to Kill the A>u> Shah.
TIFLIS, Caucasia, June 27.— A news
paper here states that a member of the
Baci society recently tried to assassinate
the new .Shah at Teheran. His Majesty
was not hurt. The would-be murderer
was arrested.
♦
Paste* Second Rending in the Reiehntna.
BERLIN, Germany, June 27.— The Gov
ernment's civil code bill passed its second
reading in the Reichstag to-day.
Duration of Victoria's Kcign.
Tbe statement made in our columns the
other day that the Victorian reign will "in
a month or so" have lasted longer than
that of any other English sovereign is, a
correspondent points out, not quite ac
curate. George 111 ascended the throne
October 25, 1780, and died January 29,1820,
his reisn having lasted fiftv-mne years
and ninety-six days. The Queen's reign
began on June 20, 1837, and will reach the
equal period of fifty-nine years and
ninety-six days on Thursday. Septem
ber 24. The 25th will therefore (for
perhaps preferably Saturday, the 26tb) be
the appropriate day for celebrating, as we
hope to do, a reign which will then have
exceeded all others in duration, as it has
already done in glory and importance.
This calculation is correct if we take all
years as equal. If we reckon the number
of days the term would be reached two
days earlier, since the extra 29th of Febru
ary only occurred thirteen times in the
reign of George 111, he having commenced
it after that dale in 1760, and died before
it in 1820, while he missed one of the >cries
owing to the occurrence of the century
year 1800. In the present reign the extra
day has occurred fifteen times. — West
minster Gazette.
Russian railways have ladies' smoking
carriages.
'.'-'. ' „ -- NEW TO-DAY-DRY GOODS. '_ f _ _. _._ .- : -"-'-l-;"-?. ■'-.•.' .". .". .. "'-'■"' -I.
| MAZE CLEARANCE. J
<£r It's times like these that the striking- .superiority of THE MAZE asserts itself. No store in
4* San Francisco— big or little— where economy can be practiced so successfully as here. We are
«J* everlastingly pushing to bring about extraordinary money-saving chances, and this sale is one &
.{* of them— a very enticing one. I #
JK . „ — . ■ . - ■ 4
4* CLEARANCE SALE
*£■•■ Of Handsome New
f SHIRKS.
*••/ —
*?" At 29c— Silk Dimity, Dresden designs,
Jt£ reduced from 50c
* —
JK, At 35c— Dresden Silks, 25 inches wide,
♦7 light and medium shade, reduced
Jt\ from 75c.
*Z£ At Striped French Taffeta, lovely
& shades, all silk, reduced from $1 00.
— — *■"
*At 69c— Dresden Brocade, all • silk, re-
<p" duced from $1 00.
*■ -—
*^" At 75c— Dresden Imported Taffeta in
I dainty designs, reduced from $1 25.
At 81. 00— Dresden Taffeta, stylish de-
signs, reduced from $1 50. .
At 81.25— Dresden Taffeta and ' Gros
. Grain, extra heavy, reduced fro m $2.
At Sl. so— Dresden Armure and Gros de
Londres, reduced from $2 50. "
At 59c— Black Figured Gros Grain, heavy
quality, reduced from 85c. rlr.
At All-black. Figured Gros Grain
. and Gros de Londres, reduced from
J&. $1 10.
«§* At 85c— All-silk Pekin Satin. Stripes,
jk very heavy, reduced from $1 25.
T* At 81.10— All-black Figured Gros de
Jb. Londres and Gros Grain, reduced
IF from $1 50.
-% Clearance Sale of
* DRESS GOODS.
At Mohair Melange in great variety
■"gr for summer wear, reduced from 30c.
*" ' —
At 25c— Domestic and Scotch all-wool
JT, Cheviots, English Checks and Fancy
Mohairs, reduced from 50c.
* ; —
At 35c— Imported Tailor Suitings in
i; shaded and Dresden effects, reduced
«5£ from 65c.
4*
~£ At 50c— Redfern Suiting*. Glrce French
•*>}• Novelties in silk and wool, reduced
fc from $1.
•f
■S'if At 75c— The Very Finest Imported
£ Novelties in silk and wool, reduced
-X.:. from $2. x
» '• "" '
*? *' ■ All country orders quickly and
carefully executed. Send for our
Jr. catalogue. 1
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
A Dime of '42— X. J. M., Ashland, Or. A
dfme of 1842 is worth 10 cents and no more.
No premium is offered for such.
Two Dates— A Reader, City. The 26th of
May, 1867, fell on a Sunday and the Bth of
December, 1870, fell on Thursday.
"Old Hickory"— S., City. Andrew Jackson
was called "Old Hickory" on account of the
toughness and sturdiness of his character.
Goat Island— J. A. 8., City. See "Answers to
Correspondents" June 20, under the special
head of "Naval Training School," for answer
to your question.
Voters— J. R., City. This department can
not state how many voters there are in the
United States at thi> date, but the popular
vote at the last held Presidential election was
12,110,636.
Low Wages— J. 8., Tacoma, Wash. It is as
serted that the reason that wages are low in
Japan and Mexico is that there is an over
supply of labor and that there are no or
ganizations there to maintain a fair rate of
wages.
Mari.boroi;uh House— M. 8., City. Marl
borough House, of which mention was re
cently made in this department, was origin
ally the town residence of John, Duke of Marl
borough, and was erected by Christopher Wren
in 1709.
Anti-Christian Societies— W. F. JM., Napa,
Cal. This department has not been able to
discover anything about organizations that
style themselves "anti-Christisn societies."
and for that reason is unable to furnish the
information desired.
Columbian Halvhb— n. p., City. Columbia
half dollars command but a very small pre
mium at this time, that is as offered by coin
collectors. Such coins are worth just what a
person desiring to be possessed of one would
be willing to give.
Wants the Author— a correspondent wants
the name of the author of a poem in which
occurs the following:
Write the music of the song, whatever Its rhyme
or metur:
And If It is sad let us make it glad;
Or if it is sweet lee us make it sweeter.
Can any of the readers of this department
furnish tbe name of the author?
HammkrlessGun— E. H.,City. In purchasing
a fowling-piece the individual should consult
one who has made a study of such. A ham
morless gun is said to be a great deal safer
than one with hammers for these who are
foolish enough 10 trail a gun by the muzzle or
draw it from a wagon or irom a boat in that
manner.
Fremont Peak— J. s. D., City. Fremont Peak
is in Wyoming. It is a granite peak of the
Wind River Mountains near latitude 43 deg. 28
mm. north. Its altitude is 13,576 feet above
the level of the sea, and it was named for John
C. Fremont, who first explored it and metis
ured its height. Jis sides are covered with
fores ts of pine and its top with perpetual
snow.
A Guardian's Rights— T. R« San Jose, Cal.
The leually appointed KUurdian of a ward is
bound to look after the comfort, education and
moral welfare of his ward, and as such it
snould be his duty to ascertain all that his
ward is doing, and he would have a right to
ascertain what kind of correspondents be has.
A ward who would have "private correspon
dence tnat he does not wish his guardian to
see," can certainly not be very proud of such
corresDondence.
The Century-F. w., c. J. and Two Readers,
City. Those who believe that they are living
in the eighteenth century are just 100 years
behind the times. The last day of the year 100
closed the first century, and the second cen
tury commenced with the first day of the year
101, ana so on through the centuries. The
firsi day of the year 15)00 wili be the com
mencement of the twentieth century conse
quently June 21, 1900, will be in the twentieth
century.
Thi Vandkrbilts— G. V. R., Angels Camp,
Cal. Miss Consuelo Vanderbilt, only daugh
ter of William K. Vanderbilt, wus married on
the 6th of November, 1895, iiT'tit. Thomas
Protestant Episcopalian Church, corner of
Fifth avenue and Fifty-third street, New York,
by bishop Uttlejohn, assisted by Bishop Fou
j CLEARANCE SALE
cf Ladles' (Thl3 Season's)
GOATS AND GAPES.
At 95c— Capes, in tan, black or navy cloth,
reduced lrom $1 50 and $2.
At SI. 95— Capes, reduced from $2 50 to $4.
At »3. 9s— Capes, reduced from $5 50 to $6 50
At Ss. oo— Capes, reduced from $7 50 to $10.
At 89.95— Capes, reduced from $12 to $16 50.
At Sl3. 9s— Capes, reduced froni $20 to $25.
At 83.95— Jackets, reduced from $5.
At S3. 9s— Jackets, reduced from $6 50.
At S5 95— Jackets, reduced fiom $8 50.
At 86.95— Jackets, reduced from $12.
At S9. 9s— Jackets, reduced from $17 50.
In the Downstairs Salesroom you'll
find a splendid lot of last Season's Coats
at le»4 thau 25 cents on the dollar.
LADIES' SUITS.
At SS.OO-Serge and Tweed Suits reduced
from if! 50.
At 87. 50— Scotch Tweed Suits reduced from
$10.
At 812.50— Fine Tailor Suit* reduced from
$15.
At 89. 5O— Black Silk Skirts reduced from
$16 50.
At 815.00— Black Silk Skirts reduced from
$20.
At 820. 00— Black Silk Skirts reduced from
$35.
At 835.00— Black Silk Skirts reduced from
$50.
INFANTS' CLOAKS.
At 69c — Embroidered Cashmere, reduced
from $1 50.
At 98c— Handsome Cloaks, reduced from $2.
At 82 50— Silk Cloaks, reduced from $5.
LININGS.
At 10c— Interlining, 64 inch, reduced from
20 c.
At 16?au— Cotton Moreen, reduced from 20c.
At 1 3Uc — Rustle Percaline, reduced from
20c.
At T^c— Heavy Silesia, reduced from 10c.
NOTIONS.
Velvet Binding 5c piece
Linen Thread 5c spool
Bone Casing 5c piece
Cube Pius 6c cube
Colored Diess Stays 5c dczen
Kid Curlers 5c bunch
Snell Hair Pins 3 for 5c
ter and the Rev. Dr. J. Wesley Brown, the
rector of the church, to Spencer Churchill, the
Duke of Marlborough. She is a member of the
church named, as are also the members of her
family, and as were the members of her father's
family. The original members of the Vanber
biit family were converted to the Moravian
church. This department has not been able
to ascertain to what church the Duke of Marl
borough belongs.
Rapid Ship-Bcilding— E. G., City. England
has built first-class war vessels In the shortest
space o£ time. The keel of the Magnificent
was laid down at Chatham December 18, 1893,
and the vessel was floated December 19, 1894;
weight 6100 tons. The keel of the Majectic,
weight 7300 tons, was laid at Portsmouth
February 4, 1894, and was floated January 4,
1895. Lord Brassey, m his work on war ves
sels of all nations, says: "This rate of con
struction is absolutely unprecedented."
A Soldiee's Vote— A. O. S., City. The mere
fact that a man is a soldier in the army of the
United States does not prevent him from
voting in the State of California, but he can
not vote unless he has been a citizen of the
State and of the county in which he offers his
vote for the constitutional period. The act of
April 4, 1864, which gave soldiers the right to
vote no matter where they were, was declared
unconstitutional.
You Can Vote— D. C. H., City. In your com
munication you write: "I shall become of age
on the 11th of next August, but registration
closes on the Bth. Is there any way of my vot
ing at the coming election?" Certainly you
can vote at the coming election. All you have
to do is to go to the office of the Registrar and
have your name registered. The law does not
say that the applicant for registration shall be
21 years of age at the time he applies for regis
tration, but that he mast be 21 years of age at
the time that he offers to vote.
Bunkeb Hill Day— A. S., City. The Ameri
cans celebrate the 17th of June (Bunker Hiil
day) in commemoration of one of the fiercest
battles of the Revolutionary War, fought on
the 17th of June, 1775, when the Americans
with 3000 men resisted the attack of 4000
British soldiers for lour hours and were forced
to retire because they ran out of powdpr and
ammunition. During that struggle 800 British
were killed and only 100 Americans laid down
their lives in the cause of liberty. One of the
number was General Warren.
Polish fop. Canes— s. McM., City. In the
polishing of woods and canes the following
process is said to be the most satisfactory and
gives the hardest finished surface: Fill with
best, filler or with shellac, dry by heat, rub
down with pumice; then put on three coats of
clear spirit copal varnish, hardening each in
an oven at a tempemture fts hot as the wood
and the gum will safely stand. For extra work
the first two coals may be rubbed down and
the last allowed a flowing coat.
Vauihall Gardens— H. S., City. Vauxhall
Gardens in Lambeth, London, date back to
1730. Tney derive their title from the hall or
manor-house of Jane Vaux, which they dis
placed. Vauxhall is described in a document
as tbe manor of Faukeshall, but as this manor
wus originally held by Fulke de Breante goon
after the Conquest, it is highly probable the
designation was more correctly "Fulke's
Hall," afterward corrupted into Faukeghall.
The present spelling ha* been traced back to
1615, when the hall or manor-house was occu
pied by Jane Vaux. There is a tradition that
Vauxhall was at one time the property of Guy
Fawkes, hence the name corrupted to Vaux
hall, but this has been traced and ascertained
to be without foundation.
Debts— L. P., City. This department is al
ways willing and ready to state the law, but it
cannot decide questions of law. The law of
this State declares that a deed of gift other
than one made in view of death cannot be re
voked. A deed of gilt of a piece of property
by a husband to a wife, if made by the husband
when not in fear of death, cannot be revoked,
and it becomes the separate property of the
wife. The separate property of the wife is not
liable for the debts of the husband. All prop
erty acquired by either husband or wife, or
both, is community property, but whenever
any property is conveyed to a'married woman
by an instrument in writing the presumption
is that the title is thereby vested in her, as her
separate property. The wife has the right to
will her separate property as she desires.
Fra Diavolo— J. W., City. In Auber's comic
opera of ''Fra Diavolo," composed in 1830, the
libretto of which was composed by Scribe, little
or nothing of the true character of the brigand
CLEARANCE SALE
OF
WASH GOODS.
At sc— 2o piecP' Printed Scotch Dimity, re-
duced from "3-ic.
At 6V4C— Fine Corded Zanzibar Dimity, re-
duced from B^i|C,
At 7Uc— lrish Dimities, Persian Organdies,
Moire Ottomans, Figured Creponnes, etc.,
in pretty new designs, reduced from 12% c
and 15c.
At. BJ-30— Figured Creponne, 33 inches wide,
reauced irom 12% c.
At 9c— New English Satine, reduced from 20c
At 12^c— Dotted Swiss, Organdie, Dimiiy and
Grass Linens with lovely floral designs, re-
duced from 15c and 20c.
At 15c— New Satin-? triped Linens, Persian
and Dresden Organdie and Tinted
Jaconets, reduced from 25c.
WHITE GOODS
At 6?^c— Checked Nainsook, reduced from
10c.
At 7c— White Victoria, reduced from 10c.
At lie— Dotted Swiss, reducel from 15c.
At laj^c— Lace Linon, reduced from 20c.
LINENS
At sc— Glass Linen, reduced from BV3C.
At SV^c— Linen Twill Crash, reduced from
12>4c.
At 10c— Huck To\yeling, reduced from 15c.
At 10c— Hemmed Huck Towels, reduced from
15c.
At 09c— 63-Inch Table Linen, reduced from
85c.
At SI 25 dozen— Damask $£ Napkins, reduced
irom $1 75.
DRAPERY
At sOc pair— Lace Curtains, reduced from 85c.
At 85c pair— Lace Curtains, reduced trom
$1 25.
At »1 69 pair— Chenille Portieres, reduced
from $2 25.
At *2 35 pair— Chenille Portieres, reduced
from $3.
At 10c— Japanese Art Drapery, reduced from
20c.
SHEETS AND PILLOW CASES
10-4 Sheets, reduced to 48c each.
9-4 Sheets, reduced to 44c each.
8-4 Sheets, reduced to 41c each.
45x36 Pillow Cases, reduced to 10c each.
50x36 Pillow Cases, reduced to 14c each.
54x36 Pillow Cases, reduced to 15c each.
appears. Fra Diavolo wag the sobriquet of
Michele Pezza, a Calabrian goatherd, born in
Itri in 1760. He became successively a stock
inp-weaver, soldier, monk (with the name of
Fra Angelo), but he turned a renegade and
afterward was the leaderof a band of atrocious
robbers. In 1799 he was made a colonel in the
Neapolitan army and fought against the
French. li\ 1806 he was captured by the
French and hanged as a robber, notwithstand
ing his pardon by the King of Naples and his
commission.'
aliens' Votes— A. C. H., City. In some of
the States aliens who have declared their in
tention to become citizens have a right to vote
and are not required to wait five years before
exercising that privilege. Such is the rule in
Alabama, Arkansas, Colorado, Kansas, Louisi
ana, Minnesota, Nebraska, South Dakota and
Wisconsin. In those States there is no limit as
to time when the alien shall have declared his
intention. There are other States in which a
limit is fixed. The States that require full citi
zenship before an individual can vote are:
California, Connecticut, Delaware, Georgia,
Illinois, lowa, Maine, Maryland, Massachu
setts, Mississippi, Montana, New Hampshire,
North Carolina, Ohio. Rhode Island, South
Carolina, Tennessee, Utah, Vermont, Washing
ton, West Virginia and Wyoming. In New
York no one can vote who has not been a citi
zen for ninety days.
The Largest Fort— Country Subscriber. The
largest fort in the United States is Fortrens
Monroe. There 16 no other fortification like
it in this country. It is at Old Point Comfort,
Va., and commands the water approach to
Norfolk and 'Josport Navy-yard. It is the
only fortification in this country designated as
a fortress, it covers eighty acres of ground,
and the distance around its exterior to the
ditches and redoubts is one and six-tenths
miles. It was begun in 1817, is irregular
heiagon in shape, has three channel fronts, is
bastioned, has a water ditch 8 feet deep at
high water and a scarp wall rising seventeen
feet above high water. It has cost about
$3,000,000 and was designed by General Si
mon Bernard, a French lieutenant of engi
neers, who, under a resolution of Congress in
1816, was commissioned by President Madi
son as brevet brigadier-general of engineers of
the United States army. His orignal plan was
to accommodate 371 jruns exclusive of
mortars, howitzers and fieldpieoes, but his
plans were considerably modified. After the
civil war the fortress was arranged to mount
118 guns, eighteen flankincr howitzers in case
mates and fifty-one guns in barbette. Since
1893 the work of fitting it up with modern
steel-rifled canon and mortars has been going
on, and it is also being provided with a sys
tem of submarine mines. Tbe plans for the
present include four 16-lnch guns, ten each of
12 and 10-inch guns and thirty-two 12-inch
mortars, exclusive of guns already in position.
College of Pharmacy— C. R. N., City. Re
quirements for admission to the College of
Pharmacy of the University of California are
as follows :
1. Applicants for admission must be at least 18
years ot ag«. (While It Is advisaole that students
shall have one or two years' practical training in
a drugstore before entering the college, this is not
compulsory.)
S. Applicants will be accepted- who brine the
following credentials:
(a) Certificates of graduation from high schools
of thii State. (6) Diplomas of graduation from
schiols or academies accredited by the state Uni
versity, (c) Oit.flcates of hiah standing in other
institution 3of the co legiate grade, id) OipiomM
from normal schools of this Siale. (c) First-grade
teachers' certificates of this State, (f) Certifi
cates of having completed satisfactorily the first
year's course In high schools of this state,
3. Applicants who <lo not present any of the
foregoing credentials will be examined In the fol
lowing branches: (o) Kngllsh— They will be re
quired to show their ability in spellm.-, punctu
ating, use of capitals, grammatical construction
and correctnoss of expression. (The handwriting
will he estimated and form part of this ex«ni;na
tion.) (h) Geography — American and general
fret-band drawing, (c) Aiithmetic; fundamental
riles; fractions, common and decimal; denomi
nate numbe s; percentage; proportion id) Al-
Bebra-Fundamental rules; tractlonß; equations of
the flrst deur c, consl>ti.-iu of two or more un
known quantities. (In the session of 1895 apoll
cants may be pxcepted from this examination, but
in the year 1896 it will be enforced.) (c) Latin—
Kudimonts; declension of nouns, pronouns ad
iecitves; conjugation of \-erbs; translation of
simple sentences lrom Latin English and Eng
lish to Latin.
AppHea ts who fail to obtain the required per
centage in free-hand drawing and Latin may be
entered conditionally, but willbe required to '»«««
the examination satisfactorily in these atudiaa at
the close of tbe junior lecture course.
Benator Teller — Student, City. Senator
Henry M. Teller irom Colorado was born in
AUeghany. N. V.. May 23. 1830. He studied j
CLEARANCE SALE $
Of Fine • &
MUSLIN UNDERWEAR. j»
"^
At 19c— Muslin Drawers, reduced from &
25c. r* !
- oc - 4X
At 47 c— Muslin Drawers, reduced from ;J
75c - %
At 69c— Muslin Drawers, reduced from A
*>• 2
At 25c— Muslin chemise, reduced from ""T
40c. *&
At 47c— Muslin Chemise, reduced from ii
75c ) I'"' 1 " I
At 69c— Muslin Chemise, reduced from ■
$1- "___ ■ \ 4
At 39c— Muslin Robes, reduced from «2.
50c ->;-„•;. \ 2
At Muslin Robes, reduced from "wT
75c. \ 4J£»
At 69c— Muslin Robes, reduced from $1. j2»
MERINO UNDERWEAR. 11
At 10c— Infants' Wool Vests, reduced SJ(S
from 40c. fiyg
At Misses* Wool Vests, reduced %%
from 75 c. gg>
At 1 5c— Natural Merino Vests, reduced >£»
from 25c. £ ;',
At 47c— Misses' Wool Suits, reduced gjg
from $1 25. t ;' £
At 19 c— Ladies' BalbriKgan Vesta— Re- Si*
duced from 50c. ($3
At 2Sc— Ladies' Lisle Vests— Reduced |||:
from tide ( •',
At 35c— Lades' Merino Reduced g|§
lrom 50c (i ;-,
At Ladles' Silk Vests — Reduced
fiomsl. "sy
At 44c — Ecrn combination suits— Re- -s^
duced lrom 75c. ~»
Ypsilapti Combination Suits, half prices, ji
DRESSES AND BONNETS, T
At 50c — Infants' White Dresses — Re- ;£
duced from 98c. • T .i.
At 50c— Infants' Long Robes— Reduced
from $1. ■ . .£?»
At 35c — Children's Aprons — Reduced •*
from 65c. . i 3+
At Lhdies' Embroidered Sacques—
Reduced from $2 25. £^.
At 9c— lnfants' Lawn Bonnets— Reduced -•
trom 25c. , . . £S»
At 25c— Embroidered Bonnets— Reduced '<*^
from 50c " / _ i*L.
At sOc — Embroidered Bun Hats — Re- -•
duced from $1. a 2»
A lot of Pretty Wash Dresses, all sizes, ■-*
98c each— Reduced from $2. - .£3*
SHIRT WAISTS
At Ladies' Pretty Waists, new &_
style cellar and cuffs, all sizes, re- t3T
duced from 75c and 1. . ,**
FLANNELS ~ •
At sc— New Flannelette, reduced from "jz
10c. ■*•
At 10c— Persian Flannel, reduced from 2
15c. • 4&
At 25c— French Flannel, reduced from 5
75c. +S+
At 35c — Silk-stripe Flannel, reduced 3
from 50c -^»
THE FOURTH7~ #
Flags, Lanterns, Bunting, etc., for eel e- jj»
brating the National holiday .at l?war ; .^r
prices than anywhere. v • '....'.
law, was admitted to the bar of New York and
has since practiced. He removed to Illinois
in 1858, and from there to Colorado in 1861.
He never held an office until elected to the
United States Senate, when the State was ad
mitted into the Union, and took his seat De
cember 4. 1876. He was re-elected on the 11th
of December of that year and served until
April 7, 1882, when he whs appointed Secre
tary of the Interior by President Arthur, and
served until March 3, 1885, when he was again
elected to the United States Senate ns a Repub
lican to succeed Nat W. Hill, a Republican.
He took his seat March 4, 1885, was re-elected
in 1890, and his term will expire March 3,
1897. ■-.
Memorial Day— Ladies of the G. A. R., San
Jose, Cal. Memorial day, or Decoration day a3
it was formerly called, had Its origin from a
custom that prevailed in the South before the
war. Early in the spring the women, of the
South were in the habit of decorating the
graves of the dead, as has been the custom in
Franco for ages. After the war the women of the
South placed flowers on the graves of the sol
diers who fell during the war, and an unwrit
ten law fixed the 30th of May of each year
the day of observance. Similar observances
haa been inaugurated in the North without
special unanimity. On the sth of May, 1868
General John A. Logan, then eominander-i;i
chief of the Grand Army of the Republic, is
sued an, order fixing the 30th of May of that
year for strewing the groves of the dead sol
diers of the Union with flowers and since that
time the custom has been kept up.
Trade Dollar— M. S., Cit». You either name
the wrong date or the wrong dollar in your
communication. There were no trade dollars
coined in 1895. The coinage of the trade dol
lar was authorized by the act of 1873. irhlpfa
declares that the silver coins of the U<iitc<l
States shall be the trade doll, r, the half-trf Uar,
the quarter of a dolia' arid the dime, and that
such coins shail be legal wmoer tv mrov.na.
value ior any amount not exceeding $5 id »u>s * "
one payment. That statute tbowa that me
statement frequently made that trade dollars
were origiually coined f<Jt export only has n,o
justification in law. By a resolution of bot**
houses of Congress adopted in July, 1878, no
trade dollars were coiu'ed except for export,
and on the 2'2d of July, 1.877, the ooinage of
trade dollais was discon nued. Alter that,
however, proof coins weu ig«ned, and these
bear date of 1878, 1878, 1880, 1881, 1882,
1883 and 1884.
Argon— E.G. S., Livermore, Cal. Argon is
a new element, which owes its discovery to In
vestigations by Professor William Ramsey and
Lord Bayleigh. They found that nitrogen lib
erated from chemical compounds was lighter
than atmospheric nitrogen. Their work led to
the conclusion that there was an undiscovered
element in the air. It is separated by acting
on air with red-hot copper flyings :o separate
the oxygen. The residual As is dried and
passed over white-hot magnesium tilings. The
magnesium combines with the nitrogen, pro
ducing a solid nitrate and leaving argon as a
gas. The argon amounts to about 4 per cent
of the nitrogen. It is treated repeatedly by a
substantial duplication of tbe process de
scribed, several days being required to dispose
of all the nitrogen. Another method is to pass
electric sparks, preferably from platinum ter
minals, through the nitrogen mixed with oxy
gen. Its oxide can be absorbed by caustic
alkali, leaving argon aa a gas. Argon has a
characteristic spectrum. Its specific gravity
(H-I) is between 19 and 21. It is two ami a
half times as soluble in water as niti >gen. Its
critical temperature (—l2l degrees C.) and boil
ing point (—lB7 degrees C.) are lower than those
of oxygen. Professor Olszewiski succeeded
in solidifying it to white crystals, melt
ing at 189.6 degrees C. "It s«ems to
be incapable of combining with anything,"
says one authority. It has beeii found in
clevelte and in meieorite. From the fact that
no aigon is found in the nitrogen which can
be extracted from Bessemer-blown steel, Pro
fessor Roberts-Austen holds that argon may
have possibly united with the iron and given
it some of its peculiar properties. It is fur
ther supposed by some that argon may con
tribute to the nourishment ana growth of
plants. But these and other thaortes as to the
functions of argon in nature's processes ace
rather Indications of lines to bo followed in
investigation than established inductions.
There is still much doubt concerning its true
status. Professor Kysen of Bonn claims that
he has found helium associated in small quan
tities with argon and nitrogen issuing freely as
a stream into the air in the rases of Wildbad
in the 31ack Forest. ProfeJ-sor Humsey says
that two uf the lines in the spectra of argon
aI(Ja I ( J w e l ;um a^ c absolutely identical, from
which the conclusion is drawn that they con
tain as a common ingredient a gas not hith
erto identified, with a probable atomic weignt
of ten.SUrt)AY JUNE 28, 189(
j AMUSEMENTS. '
C&iFOßirxA TH*ATKB.-"The Grey Mare."
QtxxMßiA TmLaTXB-"Lord Chumley."
Jorosco'9 Of*ba-Hotjsb— "A Perilous Voy-
"ivoli OFXRA-HorsK.-''A Trip to the Moon."
OfcPHETTir— High-Class VaudeviUe.
>iBK THKiTin -Grove street, between Polk
and Van Ness avenue— " Cruiskeen Lawn."
Sxovss's Alcazab.— "The Cross Roads of
La*.-
3TTTTIO Bath»— and performances.
■Shoot the Chutes— Dally at Halght street,
o» block east of the Park.
Pbksidio athl«tic GBOUNBS— Baseball.
Basxbaix— Sixteenth and Folsom streets.
Blais Park (Oakland).— BaUoon Ascension
•nd Parachute Leap.
" Golden Gatk Pabk— Golden Gate Park Band.
Jjtbijmid* TJLACK-Trottlns Races Tuesday.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Prcxio— Shell Mound Park.
Kxcubsiox— To Monterey, Friday, July 8.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt Ckab. Eastman-— Jnn« 29, Jap-
anese High- Art Goods, at 419 Kearny street, at
10:30 a. H. and 2 P. *■ - ;vv. -",
By Geo. F. Lavsost— Monday). June 29, Fur
nltDre, at Pine street, near Taylor, at 11 o'clock.
By Eabton & Eldbidbi- June. 30,
Beat Estate, at salesroom, 638 Market street, at
12 o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
The (bin tauqua at Pacific Grove will make
July IT "-Suffrage day."
Gust.iv Hinrichs, the well-known conductor,
arrlv< i here from the East yesterday.
A r .rtly cloudy morning followed by a gen
erally fair day is the forecast for Sunday.
Rev. Campbell Coyle of the First Presbyte
rian Church, Oakland, has accepted a call to
In -liana.
terbert p. Tyson has brought suit in the
Justices' Court for defamation of character.
;e defendant is Jonathan Curtis.
Dominlck Roberts has brought suit in the
:ustices' Court against the Market-street Rail
way Company for the value of a horse.
The Fourth of July Committee has received
a long list of contributions of cake, candy,
sandwiches and doughnuts for the children.
The board of directors of the Pacific Coast
Travelers' Association nas planned a reunion
and social, to be given in the Alcazar building,
July 3.
The American Women's Liberal League
adopted resolutions yesterday condemning the
new charter as "reactionary, bigoted, illiberal
and unjust"
A. E. Buckman, the well-known contractor,
was held up by a footpad on Ellis street early
Thursday morning and relieved of his money
and valuables.
The St. George Club has accepted plan? for
its new club builctinp, which will be erected
on Mason street as soon as the building con
tract is awarded.
The new Slocan silver mining district of
British Columbia promises to be a great boon
to Americans, who are already in control of
the best prop«rties.
Joseph F. Smith and Abram H. Cannon, two
noted leeders in the Mormon church, arrived
in this City from Salt Lake yesterday, to re
main several .lays.
Edward Bnrtsch, manager of the Kirkwood
HHrd Rubber Company, was arrested yester
■ lav morning on a charge of insanity and re
a on his own recognizance.
A rowing regatta took place yesterday among
■ ts of the British ships lying at anchor
off Sausalito. The vessels were prettily deco
rated and the racing wus quite interesting.
Grain rates In the San Joaquin Valley have
been reduced by the Southern Pacific Com
pany to hieet those recently put in by the
San Knincisco and San Jowquin Valley Railway.
The opt-ninsr ot the trotting season at Ingle
side track was attended by a large crowd, and
the sport was excellent. The winning horses
Wi-rr: Homeward. Stam B and Prince Bis
marck.
The residence of Rev. John Stephens, pastor
c.f Simi'>.!U Memorial Church, was entered on
Wednesday night by burglars and wedding
presents worth several hundred dollars were
taken.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald has submitted
«n opinion to the Railroad Commission stat
in? That cOttA'.r. steamship companies are
within the jurisdiction of the Railroad Com- i
mission.
The municipal buildings committee of the
Board oi Supervisors yesterday resolved to j
have the plans of the new municipal buildings
changed so that the drillroom will be in the .
basement.
In the matter of the Railroad Commission's j
jurisdiction over streetcar lines, the Attorney- '
General nas suggested that the commission
take steps to lay a proper legal foundation for
a test case.
The forthcoming "election in~the Society of '
California Pioneers is likely to be enlivened
by the appearance of an opposition ticket
The opposition will issue a circular declaring
war on "dry-rot. "
Lawyers for the opponents of Mrs. Craven's
claims to certain property of the late Senator
Fair declare that the omissions of the words
'•City and County of San Francisco,' in the de- j
Fcription of the property in the deeds will be
fatal to the instruments.
The cross-examination of the defendant in
the Ashley-Baldwin case was concluded yester- f
day. A reference to an alleged statement of a I
man named Carter that the Judge and law
ersbad been "fixed I ' caused some indignation
on the part of the court, and Attorneys High- i
ton and Lloyd agreed to get the man in court i
if possible.
NOTED MORMON LEADERS
Joseph F. Smith and Abram H.
Cannon Arrive From
Salt Lake.
Smith Is One of the Presidency and i
j Cannon One of the Twelve
. Apostles.
Two prominent leaders in the Mormon
church arrived in this City yesterday from
Salt Lake City. They are Joseph F.
Smith, one of the three members of the
. presidency who have general supervision I
of the whole Mormon church, and Abram
H. Cannon, one of the Twelve Apostles
who are directly under the presidency,
and who have charge of the missionary
work of the church.
Both the gentlemen are stopping with
Henry S. Tanner, the president of the
California Mormon Mission, which meets
every Sunday morning and evening at
• Pythian Castle*- The local branch of the
church consists of about 150 members.
Messrs. Smith and Cannon, who are
fine speakers, are visiting this City both j
for pleasure and in ' connection with
church work as. well. To-day they will
apeak at Pythian Castle, 90y Market street, '
in tlje morning at 11 and in the evening :
at 7:45. Their stay here will 'be very
brief, as they will probably leave on Mon- |
day or Tuesoay.
.Most of the time of the distinguished j
leaders now visiting the City is taken up [
with church work— preaching and travel
ing between, the various missions. Like ;
all officers of the Mormon church they j
receive no salary whatsoever and pay I
their own expenses.
• "The officers of the Mormon church
work for the love of truth as they under- ]
stand it," said Elder J. R. Sheppard; who \
has been working in the interests of the j
church at San Jose. • "There are 1000 Mor
mon elders in the world and twenty-three
in California, all of r whom work without :
any compensation. We have met with ;
very good success in this State and al- j
though we have been laboring here less
than two years we have branches in San
Francisco, Sacramento. Stockton, . San
Jose, Los Angeles and other cities.
"The recent visit of the • Tabernacle
choir to this Coast has causes many per
sons to inquire into our church and people. i
We have always bad .to meet considerable
prejudice against us, which is cased mostly I
upon lack of information and malicious
reports circulated atrainst us. ■ As people
get to know us better, however, their
prejudices in great part disappear."
BENJAMIN MUST
PAY THE DUTY
The Imported Leprosy Rem
edy Is Not on the Free
List.
PUZZLED THE OFFICERS.
Collector Wise Has His Memory
Refreshed by a Very Old
Decision.
BELIEF OF THE SUPERVISOR.
Dr. Goto's Japanese Remedy Is Said
to Ba Miraculous in Its
Effectiveness.
Collector Wise, after two or three day 9
of exquisite agony, determined yesterday
that the Japanese specific for leprosy im
ported by Supervisor Benjamin in the
Supervisor Benjamin Views With Pride Uis Imported Leprosy Cure.
hope of helping the fourteen leper in
mates of the pesthouse, was subject to
duty, and further that the same must be
paid t>rior to its removal from the Custom
house.
Mr. "Wise's decision, however, was
prompted by the accidental discovery of a
ruling made by the General Appraisers
twelve months ago in practically a similar
case. The Collector had about agreed with
Mr. Benjamin that the specific was enti
tled to free entry when one of bis clerks
brought to light a decision by General Ap
praiser Summerville, rendered June 6,
1895, which reads as follows:
The merchandise covered by the protest Jn
this case consists of twenty bottles of a
medicinal preparation known as "antitoxine,"
which was imported under the tariff act of
August, 1894, ana was assessed for duty at 25
per cent ad valorem under paragraph 59
of said act as a medicinal preparation
not especially provided for therein.
The article is claimed to be free of duty
under paragraph 585 of said tariff act as
a scientific preparation specially imported in
eood faith for the use of a society or institu
tion incorporated or established for religious,
philosophical, educational or scientific or lit
erary purposes, and not intended for sale.
We find as a matter of fact that the mer
chandise in question was imported by the
city of Chicago, a municipal corporation in
the State of Illinois, for free distribution by
the health department of said city to certain
hospitals.
We hold that « municipal corporation like
the city of Chicago is not a society or institu
tion of the kind described in said paragraph
585, and that the importation is therefore cot
free of duty. The protest is overruled and the
Collector's'decioion affirmed.
The contention of Mr. Benjamin was
founded on section 585 of the Wilson tariff
bill, which says:
Philosophical and scientific apoaratus, uten
sils, instruments and preparations, including
bottles and boxes containing the same; stat
uary, casts of marble, bronze, alabaster or
plaster of paris; paintings, drawings and
etchings, specially imported in good faith for
the u=e of any society or institution incor
porated or established for religious, philo
sophical, educational, scientific or literary
purposes, or for encouragement of the fine
arts, and not intended for sale.
The Supervisor held that the remedj
was a "scientific preparation," and as it
was imported for charitable purposes,
came well within the law. Collector Wise
entertained similar ideas and was on the
eve of ordering the goods delivered to Mr.
Benjamin, when Summervilie's decision
was discovered. The Collector was sorry
that this thing had been unearthed and
readily admitted to the philanthropic
Supervisor that San Francisco, consider
ing the tax levy and the hundreds of extra
men drawing fat salaries, was certainly a
charitable institution, put the law was
plain and must be enforced.
The value of the importation is hardly
$200, the duty amounting to $40 25. This
will be paid next Tuesday.
Among the Japanese and others who
have had indirect experience with Dr.
Goto's leprosy cure there is an abiding
faith as to its efficacy. Mr. Benjamin has
paid particular attention to the unhappy
inmates of the PftsthoUM and in many
ways endeavored to assist them. Some
time ago he heard of the G >to remedy and
immediately determined to secure a sun
ply for ihe local sufferers. In a short time
some $200 was collected and an order for
warded to the Japanese physician for
"such a quantity as the inclosed would
buy."
The last steamer from the Orient'
brought the remedy, and incidentally a
surprise to the Supervisors. Instead of a
convenient package such as could be
easily carried there came to the address of
Mr. Benjamin four large cases weighing
fully a ton. In the Appraisers' building
one of the cases was opened, and then
more than a hundred little square boxes
were seen. There are three remedies in
one — two to be taken internally and the
third in the form of a bath.
In the latter case the patient is in
structed to place the herb in a linen bag.
which is then to be deposited in a bath
tub in water 90 degrees Fahrenheit.
The water mnst cover well the shoulders
of the bather, and this operation muH be
gone through with twice between the
hours of 9 a. m. and 4 p. m. Every five days
a rest must be taken. In the second box
was found packages of finely powdered
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
matter, the directions being to "mix one
in five teacups of water, eighteen ounces,
condense into two-thirds and drink every
morning." In the smaller box a Jot of
bullet-shaped pellets were seen and the
alllicted person is instructed to take one
each morning. "If loss of appetite is felt
taue it little" is Dr. Goto's closing instruc
tion.
Supervisor Benjamin will have the
remedy out next Tuesday. He has an
abiding faith in its powers and believes
that the next six months will witness a
wonderful change in the condition of those
for whom it is intended. There is a young
man at the Pesthouse who took the cure
once in Honolulu and it arrested the prog
ress of the leprosy. He declares that ne
has witnessed actual cures from the con
tinued use of the Japanese savant's
specific.
THE CHUTES TO-DAY.
Kgilo Viola, the Young- Aeronaut,
Will Make a Balloon Ascension
and Parachute Jump.
The Chutes as they now stand will be
ODened to-day for the last time from 10
o'clock in the morning until 11 at night.
At half- past 4 Essie Viola, the nervy
young aeronaut, will make a balloon as
cension and parachute drop. Her per
formances are always successful and she
hopes to make a long leap to-day.
Until the Fourth of July the Haight
street grounds will remain closed. Then
the grand reopening will take place, and
the new 3300-foot scenic railway, haunted
swing, water chutes, trolley, merry-go
round and other out-of-door attractions
will be in full operation, and the big na
vilion, with a host of features new to San
Francisco, will be thrown open. There
will be a Russian orchestra of eighteen
pieces, a wonderful colored vocalist called
the "Black Patti," a high-wire walker, a
baboon, dog and monkey circus and the
marvelous Mario-Dunham family. Per-
formances will be given'every afternoon
and evening.
AFFLICTED FOR YEARS
Mrs. Pearson Alter Long Suffer
ing Finds Relief From
Her Troubles.
A Wonderful Cure Effected by the
Remedies of W. H. Druhe, a
Native Son.
Any one who has ever been a victim of
rheumatism and has suffered the tortures
that an aggravated and long-standing at-
I tack of this ailment brings feels, do doubt,
! when cuied, a degree of thankfulness that
jis with d&iculty put into words. These
j were the sentiments to which Mrs. M. E.
I Pearson gave utterance when seen yester
: day at her home, 119 Fifth street, in this
j City. The lady is a prominent member of
| the Daughters of Rebekah, being a mem
ber of Amity Lodge. She formerly lived
at Sacramento, ana prior to that time was
! a resident of Salem, Or.
She said in response to a request for a
statement regarding her suffering from
rheumatism and how she was cured that
her affliction dated back over six years.
During all that time she suffered terribly
from an aggravated form of rheumatic
gout that affected h€r whole system, prin
: cipaliy her feet, hands and shoulders.
j She tried all sorts of remedies and con
; suited many capable doctors, who pre
; scribed for her, but among them all she
! failed to find relief. She stated that she
j was unable to rest nights, could not eat
J or sleep, had no ambition and was very
j much discouraged over her condition.
I Not long ago she was induced to try the
[ Herbal Remedies of William H. Druhe.
! This she did, taking in ad litlon thereto
i two electro-magnetic treatments daily,
} administered by Mr. Druhe, and used also
his Red Star Rheumatic Salve.
This treatment she pursued for eleven
weeks and now she says she is fully cured,
and that the pains and swellings have all
disappeared. Her appetite is restored, she
sleeps soundly and is gaining in strength
daily.
Mr. Druhe. who is an electro-magnetic
healer and herbalist and whose offices are at
1026 Market street, feels very much pleased
over the cure effected in the case of Mrs.
Pearson and says that she is but one
among many that he has treated with
equal success. Mr. Druhe is a native son,
having been born in this City thirty-seven
years ago. He is the son of J. H.'Drube,
a weli-known capitalist of San Francisco
who died in 1890. He was educated in Con
cord ia College, Fort Wayne, lnd., and has
for years made a study of herbs and their
medicinal properties.
• ♦ »
Sentenced to State Prison.
Judge Belcher yesterday sentenced William
White and Frank Dolan to ten years each in
Folsom. They were recently found guilty of
attempt to commit burglary, and as they both
had prior convictions against them his Honor
was not disposed to be lenient.
F. G. Coney, for a first attempt to commit
burrlarv, was sentenced to one year in San
Quentin.
■ ■ ♦ — ♦ — *
Detectives on Guard.
The New England Burglary Insurance
Company, a new departure in the insur
ance business, issues policies that insure
against loss by burelars, including dama
ges to property by the use of explosives,
etc., by the burglars. The company em
ploys the famous Pinkerton detective
agency to trace ali burglars, and all who
in-ure in this company have at their dis
posal the vast resources of this agency for
recovering stolen property. If it Is not
recovered tne loss is made good by the
company.
•—• — ♦ — «
||only 9 per cent of the soldiers actually
engaged in war are killed on the field of
battle.
M'NAB AND RAINEY
SAVED THE DAY
A Municipal Convention
Coup Failed by Three
Votes.
M'NAB NEARLY DOWNED
The Junta Campaign Committee
Wrestles With a Remark
able Scheme.
"DECENCY" AND "DEMOCRACY."
A Brilliant Plan to Make the General
Committee the Municipal
Convention.
Gavin McNab combined with Ed Lani
gan and Sara Kainey Friday night in a mo
ment of great emereency and for the time
saved himself and his lieutenant, Chair
man Sullivan, from utter rout in the
Junta.
By this combination in a meeting of the
Junta's campaign committee a remarkable
political coup, by which the Junta General
Committee of 450 with the addition of 150
Buckley ites was to be declared the mu
nicipal nominating convention, was de
feated by three votes.
The situation, as it developed, showed
that in the campaign commit cc at least
twelve of the twenty are ready to dump
McNab and Sullivan, but they can't eet to
jether to do it.
The sen me that was suddenly sprung
;hat night was the most wonderful of all
the wonderful schemes which this pic
turesque political aggregation has yielded,
[t illustrates vividly the condition of this
'anti-boss' organization which McNab has
led into the wilderness, carrying the ban
ner of "decency." It shows how
thoroughly the Junta is racked with dis
sensions and boss-ridden.
The scheme was hatched mainly by
Samuel Braunhart, Port Warden, and
Dr. W. J. Gayigan. Gavigan has split
away from Lanigan, has no use for Mc-
Nab and occupies an independent posi
i'»n. Brauntiart has long been scorned
tnd reviled by McNab and Sullivan.
Braunhart, Gavigan and others in the
ganization constitute an element opposed
to both the Rainey-Daggett-Lanigan com
bination, which now has secured a major
ity of the General Committee, and to Mc-
Nab, who with Sullivan and Hassett runs
things without much consultation with
others.
This element wants to beat out Sam
Rainey, but it is also "leery" o.' that reor
ganization scheme which McNab has up
his sleeve, and about which he says, "Sa
sh!" and "Wait! wait!" They know that
McNab' 8 scheme is to got the State execu
tive committee which Frank Gould is to
appoint soon to appoint a committee of
fifty at his suggestion to reorganize the
party into hi? hands.
It was also known that the Rainey pro
•■rarame is to force soon a meeting of tho
General Committee to abolish tne present
campaign committee and from these
premises it was figured out that ii the
present campaign committee could ap
point the municipal convention to meet
in September the wo rk would be done and
the thing settled before Rainey got the
committee abolished.
The easiest way to create a convention
was to appoint tYxe whole General Com
mittee and overcome Rainey's small
majority by adding 150 more. For
these representative Buckleyites would
be largely selected, and this, it was
figured out, would sufficiently weaken
the Buckley side.
A large majority of the campaign com
mittee was secured for this a day or two
aco, but it reached McNab's ears. When
he and Chairman Sullivan got over the
hysteric^ they pulled down enough to de
feat it. Braunhart and Gavigan knew that
they had eicbt votes sure, noped for one
or two more and that some oi the opposi
tion would not attend. But McNab saw
that every member was on hand.
McNab's only hope lay with the Rainey- i
ites, and just before the meeting he easily i
arranged that the four Rainey and Lani
gan votes should go against the scheme.
Routine tmsiness was disposed of, and
then R. L. Mann, the member from the
Thirty- fourth Dislrict, rose to offer a reso
lution. At McNab's prompting James
Butler moved io adjourn, and Chairman
Sullivan recognized Butler to choke off
what he knew was coming. An adjourn
ment was declared and then Braunhart
rose in wrath with an eloquent protest.
Then followed a half hour's wrangie in
executive session, during which the pro
ceedings were rather hot and informal.
Ihe resolution was not formally offered,
but the subject was discussed.
McNab eloquently urged that the thing
was premature. Braunhart swore that it
was the only way to keep the works out of
Rainey's claws, and that if R&lney did
succeed in abolishing the campaign com
mttee the convention would be already
:reat«d.
He threw in some intimations that the
committee was not, in fact, composed of
McNab's dummies.
Dr. Gavigan and R. L. Mann joined in
supporting the proposition, and M. C.
Hassett helped McNab oppose it. There
were exchanges of tart compliments, and
finally the meeting broke up without a
rote being taken on the proposition or the
•esolution read. Braunhart and others
'aid that another meeting would be held
soon and the resolution adopted.
The proposition illustrates the extent to
[vhich McNab had absolute sovereignty
rested in the campaign committee, which
tie expected to be able to control. The
anpruage of the constitution vesting this
sower is quoted in the resolution, which
was as follows:
Whereas, Section 7 of article 111 of the con
stitution provides that "The campaign com
mittee shall be intrusted with the care and
proper management of e.W preliminary cum
i>nign work, ami shall rletermine and establish
;he sume ior the best interests of the Demo
■ratic party"; and where**, the best in
terests ■of the Democratic party now
iemand that the campaign commit
tee shall forthwith determine and estab
;ish as preliminary to a successful cam
paign the number of delegate' to comprise the
3onvention to be held for the rJurpose of nomi
nating municipal an<J legislative officers; also
to provide for the selection of such delegates
md to fix the time for their meeting In con
vention ; therefore, and by virtue of the afore
said constitutional power vested in the cam
paign committee, be it
Resolved, That the number of the member
ship of the nominating convention be and it
is hereby fixed at 600 delegates;
Resolved, That all the eligible members of
the General Committee be and they are hereby
Jeciared members of and appointed delegates
to said nominating convention.
Resolved, That the campaign committee
lesicnate and appoint 100 delegates at large
to such nominating convention.
Resolved, That said nominating convention
(hull assemble on Monday evening:. September
14, 189ti, at 8:30 p. M.
Resolvtd, Thai any member of the General
Committee who Is not eligible to a in the
convention by reason of holding a public office
be and is hereby authorized to appoint a suit
able man to act as delegate in his place.
The eight general anti-boss votes ready
to adopt this resolution were the
following: Secretary J. F. McGovern,
Iff. Tierney, Samuel Braunhart, George H.
Love, John O'Donnell, R. L. Mann, Dr.
W. J. Gavigan and Peter Quinn.
The four Rainey-Lanigan votes were:
Edward Lanigan, James Haskina, John
Fitzpatrick and Jo.«eDh Hayes.
McNab has but five votes close to him
self—Gavin McNab, W. P. Sullivan, M. C.
Hassett, Timothy Donovan and James
Butler. Besides these five votes and the
Rainey strength there stood opposed to
the proposition that night P. J. Harney,
George T. Marye and A. A. Watkins, who
maintain an independent position.
It is possible that enough of those with
the opposition last night will vote for the
measure to carry it soon and that the
Junta will seek to maintain the purity
and dignity of the party and achieve its
success by this programme.
This or some other picturesque develop
ment is likely to furnish further entertain
ment within a few days. Mr. Rainey is
quite busy and Mr. McNab will not be
affected with ennui for some time.
Ed Lanigan resigned as a member of the
campaign committee, and his friend, John
N. Much, was appointed in his stead.
Action was taken to stimulate registra
tion. A committee was appointed to ask
Registrar Hinton to keep his office open
three evenings a week. A committee to
arrange for a ratification was ordered ap
pointed, and Chairman Sullivan was au
thorized to engage new headquarters,
which will probably be in the Emporium
building.
Seal Catch of the Season.
Advices received last night from Hako
date contain the following regarding the
seal catch reported there:
Hakodate, arrived M;iy 30, schooner
Catherine with 119 sealskins, schooner
Josephine with 60 skins; June 1, schooner
Scdie Tnrpie witli st>o, schooner Triumph
with 461, schooner Allie I. Algerwith 602;
June 3, schooner St. Lawrence with 309;
June 4, schooner Luisa D. with 531,
schooner Aurora with 327, schooner For
tunia447. schooner Umbria 742; June 8,
schooner Mary Taylor 361 sealskins.
DENOUNCE THE CHARTER
The American Women's Liberal
League Replies to J. Rich
ard Freud.
Resolutions Condemning It as Reac
tionary, Bi;oted, Illiberal and
Unjust.
At a meeting of the American Women's
Liberal League, held yesterday at their
heaJquarters, Nucleus building, the fol
lowing resolutions were unanimously
adopted:
Whereas, J. Richard Freud, secretary of the
Merchants' Association, has "no intention of
discouraging the ladies of the American
j Women's Liberal League in their commend-
I able enthusiasm in the public welfare" ; and
whereas, all enthusiasm commendable or
otherwise in the public welfare is dampened
by finding public men defending public meas
ures by mlsrepresi ntation and misstatements;
and whereas, J. Richard Freud defends the
clause in the charter requiring teachers in the
primary classes of our public schools to be
educated in the school system of this State
by saying that it refers only to teach
j ers to be engaged hereafter, etc.; and
' whereas, the real objection to this
■ feature is an objection of principle,
namely in the first place that every mother
knows that the requirements for teachers in
the. primary and grammar classes are far
1 higher, far more exacting than the require
ments for teachers in more advanced grades,
because not only is the schooling of the vast
majority of children confined to those grades,
i but also because the management of children
at the acre they frpquent those grades demands
the highest teaching ability; and in the sec
ond place that it is the right of American
parents to secure the best teachers, no matter
where educated, for their children; and in
the third place that it is unjust to our fellow
citizens from other States and other schools
to brand them with a mark of inferiority in
' our school system; and in the fourth place
thut this clause was inserted to carry out the
ends- of the A. P. A., which (like the coward
who inserted this clause Jn the charter) is
aftraid to say out before the people what it
really wants; and whereas, J. Richard Freud
states that this is a principle ot patronizing
home production ; and whereas, there 1s no
monopoly in brains and no tar. ff in learning:
and whereas, the schools of the people should
be open to all the children of the people,
whether as teachers or scholars; and whereas,
it is un-American, barbarous and absurd to
recognize in teaching any test but moral and
intel!e«tual fitness; and whereas, J. Richard
Freud stites that if this principle is not found
a det-irable feature it can be amended; and
whereas, the charter can be amended only
within not less than two years and by a three
fifths vote of the electors and with the ap
proval of both houses of the State Legislature;
and whereas, it would be under these circum
stances about as easy to amend the charter as
for Mr. Freud to look graceful in a strait
jacket; andwhereas.it is dishonest to speak
of amending a charter which in all human
probability can never be amended; and where
as, it only befits babes and sucklings to build
up a structure in order to pull it down at once;
and whereas, sensible men, and women, too,
have learned to decline Grecian gifts or Trojan
horses and to have a reasonable dresd of
Chinese charters; therefore be it
Resolved, That we condemn Richard J.
Freud's letter as impertinent in its inception,
supercilious in its tone, fallacious in its reason
ing, sophistical in its deductions, misleading
in its insinuations and vitiated with untruth;
and be it further
Required, That the women of the American
: Liberal Longue do not intend to allow them
selves to be discouraged in their enthusiasm
in the public welfare by the strictures or rodo
montade of any mere man; and be it further
Resolved, That we are indignant to find the
Merchants' Association of this City permitting
its secretary to defend a bad clause in a worse
charter by misrepresentation and misstate
nieut; :md be it further
Resolved, That it is no defense to a narrow,
bigoted, malicious and unjustifiable measure
to say that it only acts on future teachers, or
on the teachers "in the primary or grammar
grades ; and be it further
• " Resolved, That these grades require the best
and most |capable teachers wherever such
NEW TO-DAT.
Wholesalers can't get
Schilling's Best tea. They
m ight spoil it. They might
let it get stale on their
hands, and we can't afford
to money-back stale tea.
The reason that we can
money - back Schilling's
Best Oolong, English
Breakfast, Ceylon, Japan,
and Ideal Blend tea is:
they are fresh — roasted by
our machines, the only tea-
roasting machines on this
Coast. They have that
new-tea flavor, tea as the
Japanese and the Chinese
and the Ceylonese drink it.
Your money back if you
don't like Schilling's Best
tea.
A Schilling & Company
San Francisco 5- 19
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
INSECT BITES.
NEW TO-DAT. ' -
•Your pills are the best in the { PJoffilfi Qnfl PQOfIQO
world. I used to be annoyed with J riulUlU Uliu I UWIIUUI
constipation until I began using > A
them. Now I have no trouble of * -^^^^
that kind any more and I attribute > The duelling pistol HOW
my recovery tc the use of your vain- [ occupies its proper place,
able medicine. In the springtime '
of the year I always take your # lin the museum Of the
TTTTTTWTTTTTTTTTTTT**! collector of relics of bar-
barism. The pistol ought to have beside it the pestle
that turned out pills like bullets, to be shot like
bullets at the target of the liver. But the pestle is
still in evidence, and ■will be, probably, until every-
body has tested the virtue of
Ayer's Cathartic Pills.
■.
♦ This testimonial will be found in full in Ayer's "Curebook" with a
hundred others. Free. Address J. C. Ayer Co., Lowell, Mass.
teachers are to be found, irrespective of birth,
education, creed or previous study outside of
California; and he it further
Reso ved, That the clause in the charter be
stigmatized as unworthy ol a progressive peo
ple, and better fitted for the undiscovered
regions of Central Africa than for San Fran
cisco: and be it further
Resolved, That the Merchants' Association be '
asked if they are willing to do the dirty work
of a corrupt and secret organization in smug
gling this illiberal and prescriptive clause into j
the charter; and be It further
Resolved, That we protost against making j
this City the laughing stock of the country In
putting our teachers on the same level with
Australian wool and filled cheese; and be it j
further
Resolved, That we resent the insult to the
youth of California that they are not able to
hold their own without the aid of a protective
tariff in favor of stupidity ; am! b° it further
Reso'ved, That this one provision corrupts
the whole charter as the little leaven corrupts
the whole mass; a. id tuat the existence of this
The Reminder
OF
THIS WEEK'S BARGAINS
IN TAN SHOES.
(hiK, Iff
LIIU Ml.
Ladles' Tan Boots, Button or Lace, very
latest style needle toe, V-shape tip, all
sizes and widths, at f 2 15
. Elsewhere $3.
Ladies' Tan Kid Southern Tie, with tan-
cloth top to match, needle toe, V-shape
Up, hand-turn sole, all sizes ana widths, at. $1 50
Iff
Children's and Misses' Russet Spring Heels, nar-
row square toe, V-shape Up, straight foxed.
Sizes 5 to 8 75c
Sizes 8y 2 t011.... 9Sc
Sizes lli/j to 3.. $1 15
1346 and 1348 Market Street.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Building.
Country orders receive prompt attention.
i, **c>? v A '■ makes the whole f am* o
p^^f^^P^lff' a y happy- Send five 9
fc^W^v^\#y/ two-cent stamps for a
s gg \ J Womankind three o
iSi \l\\\\X «4?' months and receive .9
'W' ''■■"' ■Viflßif FREE the Woman- X
Oft) .ii . j'-r^J^^ kind Cook Book, filled 6
. with tested recipes 9
A of practical housekeepers. You'll like X
0 the paper. It's able, bright and clean. o
? Address, WOMANKIND. ?
A mention this paper. Springfield, Ohio. X
COAL! COAL !
We11ingt0n........... $10 00 ....
6outhfleld 950 ....
Genuine Coos Bay 6 50— Half ton. 350
5eatt1e.......... 800— Half ton. 400
Bryant. 7 00— Half ton. ; 00
Telephone— Black— 3s.
KNICKERBOCKER COAL CO., j
522 Howard Street, Near Fir
ijSSsfejft FIFTY-DOLLAR
j&gig&ELECIIIIS BELTS
■fetLj&skfe V tlK $25 : $40 BELTS
Jriy)MT^fef^^*f " for S'2O. and ?3O Belts
*&sy&£33^^&~ lor $15; also;ood bells for |
I W.C;iA\J/S \ $5. latest lu'.entand all
* ■'• (• <ifcjj- '• Improvement* JK5* Call'
-'•tS? : or write tor new pamphlet
• W so. 2. Address DB.
PJEKCK & SON, 704 Sacramento St., cor. Kearny,
second, third and fourth floors, San Francisco.' '
, , j
PChlehectcr** English Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
~/2i.~"v Original snd Only (senuln*. A
V^/ (JkvK sure, alwayn reliable, ladies ask
fcjTS tJvWi Druggist for Chichetttri English Via- fif*\ I,
&*%!&A£~s\?nmui Brand la Red and GoU mct*:;ic\\,W '
*t\ -«s>&*aboxe»/ «faled with bln« ribbnD. Take VSf* •
1?1 V^>sno other. Refute dunqtroiu -V . ;
I / *- ftftimiand imitations. Druggist*, or send
I I. 2Jt ' n 'tatcpt for prirtlcwl.irs, (estiracnUli and
\X* 0 " Kwief for I.»<llem" in letter, hr return
-\. ■ • if MuJL 10,000 T. .tiinoniiin. Same Paper. ' '
N — *"/ Chlche»terChemlciU Co.,M»dl«on *qnar<»
Mil to »H Loo»l Drmtrti , . PbUad'v. Pa.
OOSMOFOIjITAN,
Opposite U. a Mint,' 100 and 103 Fifth St., Saa
1 ran Cisco, Cal — The most select family hotel v >
the city. Board and room, $1, $1 25 and $1 50 pae ;
day, according to room. Meals 23c. Kooau, aJj ■
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from the noiM. (
Look for the coaoh bean ng tba name o< the Co*.
taopoUiau Hoiei. WAL KAiIKY, i*roprulos.
a.DEWEV&CO.^
patents! j
\QmS^SQ MARKET ST.S.F^££^
provision alone is good and sufficient reason to
reject the whole instrument; and be it further
h'ftolvert, That J. Richard Freud is guilty of
chicanery ana deceit by steting that this pro
vision can be amended, when he knows lull
well that any amendment to the charter is an
impossibility; and be it further
/.'■ »•(,/. that while the laws of the Medes
and Persians were good enough in their day,
we do not wish to see an American city gov
erned by decrees as inflexible as a wooden
limb ; and be it further
fit solved, Th.it we oppose with ail our might
this charter and call on all our friends to op
pose it as reactionary, bigoted, illiberal, un
just; and be it further
Ristolved, That we demand a reply from the
Merchants' Association and Hn'ir secretary as
to their object in forcing on the DUb'.ic schools
of this City a provision engineered by tho ene
mies of these public schools, the A. P. A. ; and
be it further
Baotoed, That at our next meeting we con
tirnit' the iliscussion on the remains of J. Rich
ard Freud's letter of no date.
BAZAAR
Irral for MM of July!
FIREWORKS!
Crackers and Skyrockets
FOR EVERYBODY.
SPECIAL :•: DEPARTMENT !
733 Market Street.
LARGEST SELECTIOS !
BEST QUALITY !
LOWEST PRICES !
Torpedoes, Firecrackers. Pistols, ". ;
Caps, Balloons, Cartridges, Cannon,
Paper Caps, Guns, Pinwheels, ;
Roman Candles, Skyrockets,
Lanterns, Bunting
AN U
FLAGS AID DECORATING MATERIAL
OF ALL KINDS.
ALSO .
ASSORTED CASES
OF FIREWORKS !
Put up expressly for family use,
• containing from 150 10 500 pieces,
At $1, $2, $3.50 an 1 $5 per Case.;
Note— delivered free of charge la Sausa-
lito, Blithedale, Mill Valley. Tiburon, Antioch.Saa
Rafael, Stockton, Hay wards, Vallejo, Napa, Sa»-
Lorenzo, Melrose, San Leandro. Oakland, Ala-
meda and Berkeley. '
FOR . .'
tFine Tailoring
Perfect Fit, Best of Workmanship at
Moderate Prices, go to
JOEPOHEIM
THE TAILOR. \
PANTS made to order from $4.0! \
SUITS made to order from $15.00 j
MY $17.50 and $36 SUITS .
20] and 203 Montgomery St., cor. Bus!)
724 Market SL 1110 1112 Market St
»AN FRANCISCO. ■
NOTICE TO SHIPOWNERS,
FROM AND AFTER JULY 1, 1896, THE
Spring Valley "Water Works proposes - to'
undertake tbe delivery of water at such wharves
in this city as are supplied with its hydrants.
Written applications for water are to be made at
the water office, which the It arbor Commissioners -
propose to erect on the seawall, between Howard,
and Mission streets. Ships lying In tbe stream
will be Informed at the above office, at toe time of '•
making such applications, , from what hydrants
their water-boats will be supplied. Reasonable,
notice must be «lv. in all cases, and applications
will be rilled at the earliest convenience, between
tne hours of 7 a. St. and 6 p. m. dally, Sundays and
holidays excepted, unless specially contracted
otherwise i . ■ . ■--■P;i
. By order of the Board of Directors.
FELUAM W. A.MES. Secretary.
<IBJI| %MJL7
19 THE VERY 1.X.-i o.VK TO EXAMINS
your eyes and fit tnem to Spectacles and Eyi*.
glasses with Instruments -of bis own invention '
whose superiority has not been equaled. My *W •
Mis has been due to the menu or soy wor£
Office Hours— l 2 to 4p. H.
IRON BED 3,.
■ ■ ■ I .— • BRASS BEDS,'
< 7 "~— f FOLDING BED3 1
• Wire and Hair JMa> : .
tresses, 'Reel Inl n : '
:•■ Chairs, Wheel Chair j.
T \\\\ Commodes, Back l'.aj-.i . ,
I ff'tfftrf WA. SCHROCK.
i —3 j_ Jj|[ — 21- 1 -;
**ll *_V~~ >—- Now Montgomery
4 ■• \£* " ] J St., uuder (>raui :
*^ Hotel. S. b\ ...■,_
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITXKB9. TH4
O great Mexican Remedy; glvta ii«altil »*4
buciixtu to itiv avxoal ur**a*
78
"PROTECTION" IS THE
MANUFACTURERS' SLOGAN
"The Call" Canvasses This
City to Glean Local
Opinion.
ONE LIFE-LONG DEMOCRAT
NOW FOR McKINLEY.
Cogent, Concise and Scholarly Article on
This Grave Subject by Irving M. Scott,
President of the Union Iron Works.
"Protection" is the battle cry of the Re
publican party in California for the com
ing campaign. The contest is on in real
earnest, and this State has fallen into line
with those numerous Eastern States that
have subordinated every other issue to
that of protection to American .labor and
American industry.
From hill and vale, metropolis and vil
lage, farmer and manufacturer, comes a
shout for protection.
"We must have it," says the fruit
grower; "the Wilson bill has been our
ruin."
The cry is echoed by all— raisers,
tobacco-growers, iron foundrymen, car
riage builders, shoe manufacturers, cutlery
manufacturers, and all who are looking
forward to the inauguration of McKinley
as the beginning of a brighter era, from
the closing years of which the country can
look back with a shudder at the calamities
and misfortunes incident to the Cleveland
administration.
The Call haa just made a canvass of the
leading manufacturers and producers of
this City, and the results may be briefly
summarized in one paragraph.
The opinion is almost unanimously
prevalent that so far as the fortunes of the
Golden State are concerned there is only
one issue on which the stanch Republi
can man-of-war should sail forth to con
quer the foe, and that is protection. Pro
tection is both her defensive armor and
her weapon of attack, the "Big Betsy" of
the campaign.
The money question, it will be found by
reading the following thoughts of those
who were seen on the subject, men who
are extensively engaged in the manufac
ture and production of Caliiornian ar
ticles and should certainly know whereof
they speak, is generally regarded as vital,
but in few instances is it considered the
living, breathing issue of the coming
campaign. That honor is accorded
■wholly and solely to the doctrine of a pro
tective tariff.
"What matters it," said an extensive
manufacturer, "whether monometallism or
bimetallism prevails when a man's pockets
are a stranger to both gold and silver?
Let us revive Californian industries, and
with plenty of money in circulation we
shall soon find the question easy of solu
tion." •
The whole situation in a nutshell is
given by Irving M. Scott in an able and
{scholarly review. Though the language
varies with the man, it will be found that
the general consensus of opinion may be
discerned in that article.
Porter Brothers.
A. W. Porter of the well-known fruit
shippers and packers was as enthusiastic
in his indorsement of The Call's policy as
he was emphatic in his denunciation of the
pernicious Wilson tariff. "First, last and
for always is protection the issue for Cali
fornians." he said. "What will become of
our orchards and vineyards unless we can
chut off the inflowing of foreign fruits from
the cheap-labor countries?
"The Call has sounded the battle-cry
for the Republicans of the State. We must
have protection. If we don't we will have
devilish little use or care for the money
question. Yes, lean see a great difference
in our business since the Wilson bill be
came a law. To any one of at. least a mod
erate degree of intelligence it must be ob
vious that the present depression and the
tight-bound times of the last three years
are due to the pernicious Democratic tariff.
Look at the depreciation Jn our real-estate
values! It can be traced directly to the
commercial gloom spread over the country
by the Wilson bill. I think we need go no
further. Protection should be the i3sue
throughout the Union, but particularly is
it the paramount question here."
HUnt Bros. Si Co.
• One of the largest packing estab
lishments in Central California is that of
Hunt Bros. & Co. in Santa Rosa, Sonoma
County. The company employs between
700 and 800 hands, and its business aggre
gates hundreds of thousands of dollars.
J. H. Hunt, the founder and head of the
company, was in the city yesterday and
expressed himself strongly. He has been
a Democrat from the casting of his initial
vote. "Yes, 1 have been a Democrat all
my life, and am a Democrat still, but I
fear 1 shall have to vote for McKinley. Of
course, as a Democrat who came from a
race of Democrats, I hesitate about an
nouncing such a decision, but it is a
solemn fact nevertheless. There has been
a gradual decline amont; the manufactur
ing industries under the late tariff — or
during the last two years and a half — and
it amounts to the same thing, whoever
considers the situation. I concur most
heartily that the tariff is the issue in Cali
fornia above all others. Silver can take
care of itself until after we place our in
dustries on a prosperous and permanent
basis. It is not alone the manufacturers
and those engaged in the various depart
ments of commerce who are affected. The
farmers feel the pressure. Their products
are worth less to them during such times,
and in our business we hear their com
plaints on every hand. California must
battle for a protective tariff."
S. Koshland.
"Speaking as a wool merchant I must
confess that the Wilson bill was not as
harmful in its effect on the wool industry
as we all expected it would be. But there
is no cause for gratulation in that. An
evil is an evil, whether it is small or large.
I believe in the early adjustment of this
money question, bui I think the leading
issue in California is the tariff. By way of
illustration, here is a sample of cloth
which I received from a tailor friend this .
morning. It emphasizes the pernicious
effects of the Wilson tariff." Stripping
the edges between his fingers, he con
tinued: "It is apparently a piece of gray
striped woolen goods, and the average
•person would accept it for what it appears
to be. Row, look at this. A few threads I
of wool on the face and the rest is all
shoddy. Yes, that *c one of the effects of
the tariff. As to California? Yes, I think
the money question is of secondary im
portance. Protection is first. To be sure,
we want good money, but what use will
any money be to us if the industries are
not fostered? We want a market, and we
can't get our goods into any market with
a fair show unless we have protection."
J. H. Davis.
The San Francisco and Pacific Glass
Works are operated by a firm of three.
Every member of the firm is unqualifiedly
for protection. This is what J. H. Davis
has to say:
"I presume that our industry, more par
ticularly than any other, needs protec
tion. There is a great amount of ware
imported here; beer and wine bottles, and
demijohns, for instance.
"With the proper protection these can all
be made on this coast, and we are at this
time mating evtensive preparations to
put up a large concern for the manufac
ture of these various products. We fully
believe that we are {:oing to have protec
tion, and if we believed otherwise would
not dare to embark upon this enterprise.
Our hope of success lies with the Repub
lican party and protection.
••There is no question in thlsrratter;
we simply find it impossible to compete
with the pauper labor of Europe in our
line. Under the McKinley bill we were
extremely prosperous, there was no lost
time and the men worked all the year
round. As soon as the Wilson bill came
into operation all the glass works in the
United States were forced to shut down at
some period or another, and some were
forced to ghat down entirely.
"Some of the members of our firm have
been East several times during the last
year to look up the latest improvements
in order to perfect the plant we intend
putting in. We are entering on these ex
tensive improvements with the full confi
dence that the Republican party will be
victorious November next."
G. H. Newman.
Newman, another member of the firm
that operates the San Francisco and Paci
fic Glass Works, is equally emphatic in his
advocacy of protection.
"Four years ago," he said, "glass-blow
ers in this establishment, as a rule, were
Democrats, but out of the 160 men em
ployed here it would be difficult — nay, im
possible — to find anything but a Republi
can now. The men are whooping it up
for McKinley. No more Democratic glass
blowers.
"You see, when the Wilson tariff bill
went into operation the most of them
thought that a& the price of beer bottles
would be cheaper beer would be cheaper.
But there they made a sad mistake. The
beer remained the same in price, but the
money to buy it with is missing.
"The money question is a secondary
issue. So far as we are concerned we are
willing to take either gold or silver in the
payment of bills, but taainly, we want our
men to work all the year round and we
cannot employ them without protection.
"Under the McKinley tariff we were
working all the time, but under the Wil
son tariff we have been able to work only
about two-thirds the time. This is the
general experience of glass manufacturers
all over the country."
George Palmer.
Palmer is another member* of the firm
which controls the San Francisco and
Pacific Glass Works. Like Ms colleagues,
he was ready and willing to express him
self fully on the question of protection.
"The laboring men in this line," he
said, "havo suffered a reduction of 14
per cent in wages since the inauguration
of the Wilson tariff bill. This is true of
the country at large.
"Since that time beer bottles have been
imported, both into this State and the
East, at prices less than they can be manu
factured in either place.
"i don't think the money question
should be taken into consideration at all.
There is nothing the matter with money.
What trouble we are having can b«
amicably settled in due time by inter
national agreement, but protection is a
living, breathing issue, especially for Cali
fornia, and we must have it.
"Manufacturers all over the country are
now thinking more of protection than of
anything else, and we look to the Repub
lican party for our salvation. If we are
disappointed, farewell to Pacific Coast in
dustries."
George W. SlcXear.
"It is protection before silver in Califor
nia, by all means," said the great shipper
and now flour manufacturer, when asked
for an opinion. "Our industries are cer
tainly of the first importance and must be
protected. After that we can regulate the
money. But first we must have some
thing to sell and something with which to
buy before we can consider the medium of
barter and exchange. Our industries,
largely developed though they are, caa be
considered only in their infancy. They
need protection and The Call is right in
assuming that tariff protection is the par
amount issue in the coming campaign so
far as California is concerned. It would
be difficult to draw a forcible local com
parison between the effect of the McKinley
and Wilson bills. We import no flour, as
you know, but in other liney of trade one
must close one' 3 eyes to fail to seethe
cause of the depression. We are all natu
rally anxious to have a sound money
basis, but California is less interested in
the two metals than shn is in a tariff law
which shall enable us to do business with
the world on an equal footing."
J. I). Cnlp.
The largest amount of land owned by
one person and used for tobacco-raising in
California is that of J. D. Culp, Santa Clara
County.
"With proper protection," Baid Cnlp, "I
would have 500 acres devoted to the raising
of tobacco. All that is necessary is to pro
tect us growers of tobacco from foreign
competition. With that safeguard Cali
fornia could supply the world.
"During the civil war, when very little
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
l^t^/?^W^JM/ j^wi^/.
Editor of the "Call," San Francisco — Dear Sir:
In reply to your inquiry as to which I consider to be the
paramount issue in the coming Presidential contest I unhesitatingly
say, Protective tariff.
There never has been any trouble in obtaining money for all
the needed purposes of carrying on a manufacturing establishment
provided the establishment has business, and there has always been
a difficulty in raising money of any kind where the establishment
had but little business; not enough to keep itself fully occupied.
The relations between gold and silver now existing in the
country are as much a benefit to the workingman as they are to the
capitalist, and the relations of gold and silver are of no value
whatever to a workingman who is out of employment. The only way
to obtain either gold or silver is by working, and there is no con
dition of affairs that can be brought about by any political party
whatever that will enable a man to obtain money without giving its
equivalent in labor. But the direst distress Dccurs all over the
country where the industries are not in a healthy condition. Hap
piness, enterprise, expansion and advancement follow the line of
prosperity.
From the beginning of the settlement of America in 1620 up to
the present date, every period of protection to American industries!
has resulted in prosperous times, and every period of the absence j
of protection or low protection has always resulted in a depressed
condition of affairs with much suffering and trouble.
As the Government is for all the people, it seems to me that
to have the entire population profitably and permanently employed
must be of greater importance than any other issue that can be
presented, and I earnestly believe that if our fellow-citizens
will vote straight for McKinley and protection, upon the platform
adopted at St. Louis, all the results wished for will be realized
before his administration is ended. The very fact of his election
will be the spur to greater expansion, more confidence with capi
tal, greater chances of employment for all kinds of labor, and will j
start such an era which all have devoutly wished for during the j
last four years, and which will bring prosperity and the oppor
tunity of occupation to more people in the United States than any
other issue named by any party of any shade of political opinion.
Yours respectfully,
tobacco was grown in the South, I supplied j
the Eastern market with smoking and ;
chewing tobacco and cigars. If necessary, j
I could do vastly better than that.
'•I am of the opinion that even the Me- j
Kinley tariff was not high enough. We j
are anxiously looking to the Republican i
party for assistance as a drowning man
clutching at a straw, and if it gives the
necessary aid by enacting a high pro
tective tariff California is all right so far
as tobacco is concerned."
Jr.cob Brandt.
All the tobacco raised by Culp is manu
factured into cigars by Jacob Brandt at his
factory on Battery street, near Merchant.
Brandt is strong in his advocacy of protec
tion, and would subordinate every other
issue to it.
"I am a manufacturer, a California man
ufacturer," he said, "and from the stand
point of experience in my business I can
say that we need protection, and need it
badly.
"I don't believe the money question
should cut any figure in the coming cam
paign aa compared with protection. I re- I
gard this especially true of California.
"I am obliged every year to import I
many thousands of pounds of Havana to- j
bacco to satisfy the wants of consumers, ,
and it sends a large sum of money away
from the coast annually. It we could keep
that money in circulation in this State we
would have so much of it that the parity
or disparity in the value of silver and lold
would make little difference.
"Since the Wilson bill reduced the duty
on tobacco we have been forced to compete
with the coolie labor of the island of Sn
matra. What can a manufacturer do in a
case like that? Those coolies work for 8
and 10 cents a day and purchase all their
supplies from their employers.
"The only way we stand any chance at
all is in being properly protected. We are
hoping for the day to come when the Re
publicans will give it to us."
Sperry Milling Company.
Horace Davis, president of this promi
nent flour firm, said : "The Call is indis
putably right. Where will our orchards,
vineyards and other departments of agri
cuiture be if they are not protected? The
tariff is by far a more important issue /
to Californians than silver. What do we
care about money if we have to use it only
to pay debts? Look at our orchards. |
They are in their infancy comparatively. !
They mast be protected, and I should '
think that every man in California who i
has any connecaoi with her industries :
must see that protection is infinitely more i
important than the settlement of the i
money question. Tariff, and not silver, is I
our issue."
Fulton Iron Wovk».
James Spiers, the president of the Ful- '
ton Iron Works, proved a strong advocate ;
of protection. "It 13 certainly the lead- I
ing issue for California," he said, "and
the money question must taue a second j
place. Our industries are in the fostering j
stage, and protection should be the watch- i
word of all loyal Californians. Of course I
we cannot ignore the importance of the
financial question. We want sound
money, but the fight between gold and !
silver is secondary in importance to the
people of this State. Some time when I
am at leisure I would like to give you a
few facts bearing on the subject of a
protective tariff for Caiilornia."
Joshua Hendy.
Joshua Hendy, piesirfent and manager
of the Joshua Hendy Machine Works, is
unqualifiedly for the protective issue as
taking precedence over the money ques
tion.
"What would this State be without the
farmer?" he asked.
"Yet we are fast driving them to the
wall. Look at the wool and raisin indus
tries—what they used to be. What are
they now? I tell you the Wilson bill is
what broke California's back.
"Protection is what California needs,
and the monetary question can be con
sidered later.
"Then there is the Nicaragua canal. It
will give an outlet for all our products to
England and ottier European countries.
Why, the amount of lumber exported
would be enormous. I think San Fran
cisco should be the main harbor for all
the trade of the Pacific Coast.
"The farmers to-day are bankrupt.
What I mean by farmer is not only the
farmer proper but the fruit-grower, the
wool-raiser and all tillers of the soil.
"Nearly all the farms to-day are mort
gaged to banks, and the interest not being
paid, the banks will not foreclose on them,
because if they did they would rind the
property a useless incumbrance on their
hands.
"I have just returned from the East, and
I find that all the people I have met,
especially in ray business, talK tariff as
much as anything else."
Hawley Bros.
This firm is extensively engaged in the
wholesale and importing hardware busi
ness. The senior member of the firm
spoke intelligently of the business de
pression of the last two or three years, and
agreed with the Call that to this State the
prime issue is protection. "We cannot
gloss over the fact that there has been a
great business depression during the last
three years, " he said, "and the Demo
cratic tariff must bear the blame. Tne
finance issue does not affect us. That is,
it is not near so important — vitally im
portant — as that of a protective tariff.
On those lines the campaign should be
made by the Republican party in this
State. After the adoption of a policy
which will promote the prosperity of our
manufactories and build up our com
mercial interests, it will be time enough to
consider the money question. I could
almost say that it would then regulate
itself. The Call's theory is sound. With
out prospering industries we would have
little care or bother about money."
Wellman, Peck & Co.
This firm of wholesale grocers deals
largely in imported articles and should be
in a position to judge of the effect of dif
ferent tariffs on the business of the coun
try, and particularly California. Mr,
Wellman said: "The Call- has mapped
out the only safe policy for the Republi
can party in Californin. The tariff and
protection to our industries and commer
cinl interests is certainly paramount to all
other issues. At the East the money ques
tion will probably giva the impetus to pop
ular political enthusiasm in all tho parties
with iree silver as the jimcrack catchword.
But let them shout. The tariff I believe ab
solutely is of far greater importance to the
business — to all interests in this State and
'on the Pacific Coast."
Columbno CairiHge Company.
Mr. Glenn of this one of the leading car
riage manufacturing firms of the United
S :ites was very frank to admit that he
could not grasp all the intricacies and
subtleties of the tariff and finance ques
tions. "But," hecontinued, "l agree with
The Call that the first and foremost issue
for this State is tariff and protection to
our industries. Our company does a large
foreign trade, and naturally the tariff cuts
a large figure. I have always thought my
f-elf a McKinley man, but I am free to
confess 1 do not know just how I shall
vote until I see what the other party does,
i We all seem to be so badly mixed up on
the problem that it 13 difficult for one to
i get one's bearing. But as to California
! her chief need is the fostering of her in
; dustries. After that is accomplished to
j the satisfaction of all concerned it will be
! time enough to think about money. 1 '
W. T. *arratt & Co.
Benjamin Garratt expressed himself
strongly on the subject of protection.
"It is certainly the paramount issue in
California. I would like to see a sound
money, and I think silver should be a
legal tender, but for California protection
should be the first consideration. Unless
we have a protective tariff I cannot place
my goods on the market in competition
with the product of foreign manufac
turers. We are still in the embryonic
state so far as our manufactures are con
cerned, and we should have the fullest
protection. As to the comparison between
the McKinley and Wilson bills, or tariff
laws, I think it must he obvious to tne
most casual observer that the country has
suffered great loss under the present tariff
laws. California has been a great sufferer,
and our great need is protection."
W. W. Montague.
W. W. Montague of the firm of W. W.
Montague and Co. spoke very strongly in
favor of the protective tariff as being
paramount to all other issues.
"The main issue in this campaign," he
said, "is the protective tariff, and lhat
only.
"In the first place silver should not be
made a subject of discussion, as it is of
June S6, 1896.
/ >
too much importance to be understood
thoroughly and voted upon intelligently
by the masses without an educational cam- ;
paign.
'•Personally I believe that if the Repub- i
lican party should be successful at the i
coming election— which it undoubtedly i
will— it would be only one or two years I
before an international agreement would j
finally settle the moiipy question.
"Protection is the groat issue in this j
campaign and the only one of singular lm- j
portance to California at present. I do !
not admit the existence of any side issues
at all. Upon protection we either stand or
fall."
W. Hinckley.
"I don't speak for the Fulton Iron |
Works or as a member of the firm," said
Mr. Hinckley, "but individually I must
say that all the silver men and money i
alarmists ore away ofl so far as California j
is concerned. The issue here is not coin — j
silver or gol<l — but protection to our man- i
ufactures. We cannot hope to cope with !
the foreign producer under the Wilson j
tariff, and of what good is gold or silver '
coin to us unless we can finger some of it '
and get an even toss up on the value of
our goods? Protection we must have, and
•silver may come afterward. Local indus
tries are the first consideration in the
coming campaign."
W. F. titzlus.
The cutlery side of the question is ably j
presented by W. F. Litzius of the Will & I
Finck Company.
"I think," he said, "that protection is
first and the money question can follow.
We want to keep as much of our money i
at home as we can. Entirely too much of
it goes to Europe now.
"Let the tariff be as high as it can be. It
will compel us to keep our money at home
and start our own manufactories, which
will put men into employment.
"What good does it do us when goods i
are cheap if we have nothing in our j
pockets to buy them with? For the last j
three years we have found that there has '
been a reduction of 25 i>er cent in our
sales. I think this (•tagnation is due en
tirely to the Wilson bill. Under the Mc-
Kinley bill we had an excellent trade, and
though everything perhaps was a trifle
higher everybody had money.
"As regards the money question I be- !
lieve it will find a solutionfor itself in good I
time, but what California needs now
wors>e than anytuinir else is protection."
Bisdon Iron Works.
'■The issue is protection and nothing
else in California," said Mr. Howard.
"For example, say our gold output is $25.
-000,000 a year. It may be less and it may
be more and silver may cut a figure. But,
however that may be.it does not cut a|
figure in contrast with the great problem
of protection. If the 6 or 8 cents a day
that our people spend for goods and arti
cles of foreign manufacture were kept at
home and devoted to the development of
home manufacture — right here in Califor
nia, to localize the illustration— the money
I saved the country would equal the output
lof our gold and silver mines. It is not dif-
I ficult to comprehend tlie eloquent mean
ing of these, figures. California of all
States is in need of protection. Our posi
tion is suet, that we are more in need than
almost any other State of the Union of \
those equalizing breastworks thrown up
between us and foreign cheap-labor com
j petition by protection. That is the issue —
money can come afterwards. To be sure,
we want all we can get, but devilish
little good it will give us until we have
something to sell at a profit."
Wales Palmer.
"I do not see how any one can confound
the political issues in this State," said
President Palmer of the Golden State Iron
Works. "California is surely in need of
protection. We are brought into constant
competition with foreign producers, and
there are only two ways in which we can
meet that competition with any possible
chance of selling our goods in open mar
ket at a profit. Yes, there are absolutely
but two ways. We must reduce the wages
of onr laboring men, artisans and skilled
mechanics to a level with those of the for
eign countries, or else place a tariff on
the manufactured article equivalent to
the extra cost of labor, freight ex
pense on raw material, etc. i have
asked many prominent Democrats,
many of them my close friends, to tell me
how we could compete with the foreign
cheap labor without reducing wages or
IRVING M. SCOTT, PRESIDENT OF THE UNION IRON WORKS.
checking importations by a protective
tariff. None of them could unswer. Grover
himself had to acknowledge that the alter
native was a reduction in labor hire. That
was a nice statement to go before the la
boring classes. The Call is certainly
right in its conclusion. Protection is the
primal issue in this State. Money will
take care of itself, but under a Wilson
tariff our industries are defenseless. Apart
from what the issue may be in the East,
there can be but one vital question in Cali
fornia. Silver or gold money cuts no figure
until we have secured a profitable market
for our products. Protection is most de
cidedly the issue in California."
H. T. Scott.
My views may be put in a nutshell, so to
speak. The Pacific Coast wants protec
tion, and after that the coin can take care
of itself. I believe in protection and a
tariff that shall be sufficient to meet the
revenue requirements. The money ques
tion in all of its phases appeals to the best
intelligence of the country, but I do not
think it is the issue in California. We |
have to look to our home industries; and
a squabble over silver and gold cannot
protect them. Ido not wish to pose as an
advocate of any political policy, but I
have no hesitancy in announcing myself
as a protectionist — a protection just
enough to meet the just expenses of the
country. lam not extreme in my pro
tection ideas as you may surmise, though
I believe ti>e tariff rather than silver is
the issue in California.
Albert Derham.
The shoe manufacturers' side of the
problem is presented by Albert Derham
of the firm of Buckingham & Hecnt. He
said:
"I believe the question of protection to
I be of vital importance to California, where
! all our industries are in need of it, what
j we produce as well as what we manufac
j ture.
"Protection is the keynote ana backbone
jof the interests of this coast. If the rest
j of the industries prosper we find that we
I prosper accordingly, and vice versa.
"When the farmers, the lumber and the
wool men have money it is soon in active
circulation and everybody gets his share,
we along with the" rest. 'Protection'
should be the battle-cry of the Pacific
i Coast"
Patrick Barrett.
Barrett has been employed in the San
| Francisco and Pacific Glass Works for
j years and years. Asa reformed Democrat
j he may properly be said to reflect the sen
i timent of the mass of laboring men to
j da}". In his own quaint and characteristic
I fashion he givss his ideas as follows:
"Heretofore I have been a Democrat and
a strong Cleveland man. Nobody ever
wore a redder Cleveland and Thurman
bandana than aid Pat. I voted for him
the J:ist time he ran, too. and am kicking
myself for it now.
"You can bet that in November I am
going to vote for Major McKinley. Why?
! Because before Cleveland's term of office I
! had money in my pocket and now I have a
deal less, yet find the prices of tbing3 just
as high as they were formerly.
t! You can't fool me. Maybe I can't an
swer the free-trade arguments of these
j learnrd philosophers, but I know when I
j have a good thing and when I haven't."
New Incorporations.
The Mount Diablo Gold Mining Company
was yeßterday incorporated by Philip Diedes
heimer, W. J. Sutherland, P. A. Finnejran,
John P. O'Brien and Herman Zsdlg. with a
capital stock of $1,000,000, all of wiiich has
been paid up.
The Wiloer Springs Development Company
was incorporated by E. G. Ltikens, Alfred Ab
bey and K. C. Hutchinson. The capital stock
is $100,000, of which $50,000 has been sub
scribed.
A Natural Curiosity.
In the yard of William Ede of this City
there is a pear tree which, remarkable as it
may seem, has on it a pear of la»t year's crop
still in good condition. The tree also is bear
ing pears this year.
SEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS.
Dress Goods Event!
The store is full of Bargains in Dress Goods,
but here are two that stand out above the
heads of all others— more particularly so be-
cause such goods are seldom cut in price.
But we thought you would appreciate them.
MARKET-ST. STORE ONLY.
50 pieces FRENCH PICCORDY t
CLOTH, 40 inches wide, strictly
all wool. Any shade imaginable,
worth 50c a yard. This week only
25c a Yard.
Excellent for outing suits. It's a
dust-resister, ana makes a stylish
garment.
KOHLBERG, STRAUSS
& FRO H MAN,
107-109 POST STREET— and— l22o-1224 MARKET STREET.
KENNEDY, THE MARKSMAN
Startling Allegations Contained
in His Wife's Divorce
Complaint.
Why the Lumbar • Dealer Tried to
Throw His Better Half Out
of a Winiow.
Albert W. Kennedy, son of John F.
Kennedy, of the lumber firm of Kennedy
& Shaw, and himself an official and stock
holder of the San Francisco Lumber Com
pany, is being sued for divorce by his wife,
Hattie E. Kennedy.
The Kennedys were married about seven
J years ago, but of late have not gotten
along as well as could be desired. In fact,
judging from the complaint filed yester
day, Mrs. Kennedy is fortunate in having
escaped death at the hands of him who
promised to love and protect her.
The complaint is a long one and includes
many specific charges of cruelty. Among
others, there is one telling how a warm,
palatable, recently-purcnased oyster-loaf,
which Mr. Kennedy had probably brought
home as a peace offering, was hurled at
the unprotected head of his spouse. As
might be inferred from the foregoing, Mr.
Kennedy was not at all particular in bis
choice of missiles, and is accused of
throwing almost every sort of liftable
household implement at his wife. Shoes,
hats and various other a; tides of wearinc
apparel are included in the list.
On one exciting occasion the lumber*
i dealer, presumably tired of throwing
I things at Mrs. Kennedy, reversed the or
i der of business. He tried to throw Mrs.
Kennedy at a hard, rocky piece of ground,
visible to him through an open window.
The distance the lady would have had
to fall before becoming a part j-yf thia bit
i of landscape is not mentioned in the com-
I plaint, but, however, that is unimportant,
I lor, owing to his lack of training in the
| castine of heavy weights, the versatile
i gentleman failed in his design.
Once and again he changed his marks
manship practices and, so the complaint
I says, lent more or less variety to his
cruelty by beating her. Occasions when
Mrs. Kennedy found it necessary to flee to
'• the protecting arms of other ladies are
; mentioned.
A certain Trixey Marshall's name is also
dragged into the case, Mr. Kennedy being
i charged with bein^ too fond of her com-
I pany. Others besides Trixey are accused
but hers is the only name given.
Mrs. Kennedy asks for an absolute di
yorce and the custody of her child.
DEATH OF MRS. PYNE
A. Pioneer Resident of th« Mission and
Highly Kespected.
Mrs. Mary Lynch Pyne, wife of the con
tractor, Robert Pyne, died yesterday
morning at her home, 2720 Folsom street.
She had been ill for some time with an
affection of the heart, and while her de
mise was not unlooked for it was a shock
to relatives and friends.
The deceased was one of the best known
women in the Mission. She came to this
City with lier husband thirty-six years
ago and in that section reared her family.
Sne was to the fore in church and char
itable work. 31 rs. Pyne was a native of
Ireland, aged 54 years.
Sntro l'.aths.
Judging from the appearance of the pro
gramme, there snoukl be a large attendance at
the Satro Baths this afternoon and evening.
R. B. Cornell, the champiou amateur long-dis
tance swimmer cf California, will appear In
his wonderful drowning act. remaining under
the water lor a long period of time.
Professor E. G. Wilber will ride a bicycle on
a tightrope fifty feet, nbove tne water, and Ma
jor Robinson will also appear on the tightrope.
ILLUMINATED CHANGEANT
SUITINGS, wool and mohair, 42
inches wide. A full suit length
worth $4. For this week only
$2.50 a Suit Length.
Comes in stylish spring and sum-
mer shades-^tans, grays, browns, etc.
"Will not wrinkle and resists the dust.SAN FRANCISCO'S
GREAT FLAG DAY.
The Exempts to Celebrate
the Seizure of Yerba
Buena.
NINTH OF JULY, 1846.
Hoisting the Stars and Stripes
Where the Mexican Flag
Once Floated.
CAPT. MONTGOMERY AND MEN.
How It Hrppened That Two cf the
Principal Streots of the City Were
Ncmed— A Colicky Crowd.
On the 7th prox. there will be a general
celebration at Monterey in honor of the
fiftieth anniversary of the raising of the
Arxerican flag at that place by Comtiio
GEORGE T. BOHEN, PRESIDENT OF THE EXEMPT FIRE COMPANY.
dore Sloat, and on the 9th of the month
there will be a celebration in this
City on Portsmouth square in honor of the
raising of the American ild^ over Yerba
Bnena— as San Francisco fiftj years ago
was known — and at the request of Major E.
A. Sherman and the Veterans of the Mex
ican war the members of the Exempt Fire
Company will have charge ol the raising
of th j flap on that day.
Ont he9th of September, 1846, the United
States sloop of war Portsmouth entered
the bay of San Francisco and in a short
time came to anchor in a cove formed by a
jutting of land which became known as
ClarKs Point and which is now the corner
of Broadway and San some street, and an
other jutting vrhieb is now the corner of
Sansome nud Lush streets. The point at
which she lay was between Merchant and
Sacramento, Montgomery and Sansonie
streets, at a point best indicated at this
time by the Clay-street msirket. The ves
sel, in command of Captain Montgomery,
lay broadside to the town of Yerba Buena,
having just came up from Monterey.
What occurred was told in the follow
ing language by C. E. B. Howe thirty-fire
years ago in giving his personal recollec
tions of early Ban Francisco:
The sloop-of-war Portsmouth lay broadside
to the town, and her open ports and waving
bunting to.d of some unusual ac ion. Pres
ently two boats, laden with seventy marines,
pushed off from the strlc of the vessel. In the
bow of tbe foremost bout stood the comman
der, and as the toat's keel grate 1 on the'
beach he sprang on shore and climbed the
bank that was a few feet above the landing.
The sergeant, with the colors, followed, the
men were drawn up in '.inc. and as they formed
a partial curve the lieutenant, W. A. Bartlett,
cried out: "Fell back on the left; keep your
line straight as a street"; then, after a pause,
with a comic leer at the captain, "straight as
Montgomery street," at which the marines
were disposed to cheer. Captain Mont
gomery cried out, "Silence!" as firmly as he
could, the while his face profuse with blushes.
The captain took the lead, while the
lieutenant commanded ; the band struck up
"Hail, Columbia," and the word "forward"
vu given. They marched straight forward
until they came in a line with the adobe Cus
tom-house on the Plaza, when the major again
gave the order: "Right Hank — march! up
Washington street." Several laughed, for they
were in extremely good humor, und as they
got opposite the flagstaff on the Plaza, again
he gave the order: -Comcany! by the right
flank— march! to the flagstaff on Portsmouth
square." Then the company;did laugh; they
took tho town with smiles. The Sub- Prefect
protested in the name of the Mexican Govern
ment against tne invasion, but, as he spoke in
Spanish, his remarks were taken for congratu
lations.
The American flag was made fast to the hal
yards, and Captain Montgomery raised it to
the peak. All the town wm present, and two
thirds of the people cheered lustily as the
Btars and stripes floated out on the morning
breeze. Then followed thirteen volleys from
the guns of the marines, and an answering re
sponse lrom the Portsmouth. Captain Mont
gomery read Stoat's proclamation declaring
the surrounding country under American
jurisdiction.
That night a patrol guarded the town, and
all the neighborhood gathered at the puebla
of Yerba Buena to see the flag and gaze into j
the open doors of the Consul's cssa. The joy- j
ousness was contagious, lor the Mexicans got i
up an impromptu festival of their own, and all
uight long they kept up dancing and drinking.
When the morning dawned the postriders
from Monterey bad to wake them up from
their blankets to tell them the wonderful j
news; thet California was taken, and that the;
Americans were conquering Mexico, and soon
would move the seat of the American Govern
ment to the anoien t capital of the Aztecs.
The little sketch telia how Montgomery
and Washington streets and Portsmouth
square were named.
: 'Tbat was a great event," said James
o'Donneli, a prominent member of the
gallant band of firemen— and there are
only a few of them left who will celebrate
the raising of the flag— "farther reaching
from a political and commercial point
than those who took possession of the
country ever dreamed of. The develop
ments of half a century prove this. Cap
tain Montgomery had no idea of the wealth
of gold California irould produce, neither
did Commodore Sloat, who detached the
Portsmouth from his fleet to go north and
seize Yerba Buena.
"But there is one thing that Mr. Howe
neglected to tell. It was something that
happened on board the sloop after the
marines returned to the sloop. After the
ceremony and salute to the flag, the ma
rines, somewhat thirsty, drained their
canteen?, and before going aboard st;ip
again they wanted water to quench (heir
thirst. They all drank water from a small
stream that flowed into the bay near the
point of embarkation. When on the ves
sel the men were all seized with cramps,
and for a time it was thought there was a
visitation of cholera, but under the treat
ment of the ship's surgeon, who pro
nounced each case a severe attack o! colic,
caused by the water that the men had
partaken of, they all recovered in a short
time.
"O.t the 9th, which will fall on a Thurs
day—and, strange to say, it was on a
Thursday that the flag was hoisted — this
10 San Francisco great historical cv ent, or
rather the fiftieth anniversary therao f, will
be celebrated, and the honor of raising the
flag has been given to the exempts. While
we highly appreciate this, we prefer to as
sist rather than take the lead in this mat
ter, and for that reason have add ressed
communications to Admiral Beardslee and
' General Forsyth asking each to taKe part
| in the matter, as the seizure was the work
of the United States forces.
"Still, the exempts will do all they can
Ito make the celebration. There will prob
' ably be the firing of a salute, music and
oratory, but as the boys are few in num
ber — less than a hundred— and their treas
ury is very low, they cannot afford to get
up a feast such as they could do when they
[ had 1200 names on their roll.
•'There is one thing to which I would
like" to draw the attention of our mer
chants. The old exempts will, like tho
marines in '46, have work to do that will
make t era thirsty, and they are afraid
that if they are forced to drink the water
that flows from the faucets they and those
who will assist then may, like the marines,
be affected with colic. A. P. Hotalinc,
himself an old-time exempt, has assured
us that so far as he is concernea the boys
need not fear colic, as he will provide an
antidote, and if others in the same line of
business will help him there will not be a
colicky exempt, soldier or marine on the
ground on that day."
HE HELD UP HIS HANDS.
A. E Buckman, the Well-Known
Contractor, Robbed on
Ellis Street
i A Revolver in the Hands of a Foot
pad Was Too Convincing for
Any Resistan:c.
Jast how many hold-ups have occurred
since June 16, when the fool policy of the
Board of Supervisors of shotting off the
street lights was inaugurated, will never
be known.
Several have been published, but there
are a large number that are known only to
the "upper office" at police headquarters,
those reporting them having received
specific instructions to keep the affair out
of the newspapers.
Amone the number thus enjoined was
A. E. Buckman, the well-known con
tractor. About 2 o'clock Thursday morn
ing he was walking along Ellis street on
his way home. The moon was shining,
but he happened to be on the dark side of
the street.
When between Hyde and Leavenworth
streets a man jumped out of a doorway'
behind Buckman and startled him by say
i ing menacingly, "Hold on; I want you!"
Buckman wheeled round and was
| startled by sreing the muzzle of a revolver
in front of liis nose, it was so dark that
he could not distinguish the features of
the man, and he believes the man's face
was partially covered.
'Throw up your hands, and be quick
about it! ' was the next command. Buck
: man promptly obeyed, and the footpad.
| in a way that showed he was an old hand
at the business, soon relieved him of all
the money lie had in his jockets— s36 in
gold and silver — his gold watch and chain
' and other valuables.
Buckman and the footpad did not ex
change a word while the operation wns
going on, but after the footpad satisfied
i himself he had got everything of value
he said, "Now you can go," and disap
peared in tbe darkness.
The police were notified of the robbery,
| but the bold footpad is still at large. 1
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
RIDING MAY BE
MADE CHEAPER.
Position of the Railroad
Commission Relative to
Street Railways.
NEAR A CRUCIAL POINT.
Decided Steps to Be Taken at
the Next Session of
the Board.
MAY PUNISH FOE CONTEMPT.
Certain Wa'er Transportation Lines
Declared to B; Under Control
of the Commission.
At the next meeting of the Railroad
Commission, July 8, decided steps will be
taken to bring about a settlement of the
question of the board's jurisdiction in re
lation to street railways, with a view to
reducing streetcar fares in thi3 City.
Since the last meeting of the commis
sion letters have been received from various
street-railway companies, refusing to ac
knowledge the authority ot the board.
These companies had been requested to
make a report of their financial standing
and operations to the commission, but
positively declined to do so.
Meanwhile, the board had asked At
torney-General Fitzgerald to give it his
opinion on the matter of jurisdiction over
street railways and also over steamship
transportation companies, several of the
latter Having also declined to recognize
the power of the board to regulate their
charges for passengers and freight.
In a communication directed to the
commission yesterday the Attorney-Gen
eral gave it as his opinion that the board's
jurisdiction extended ovar all steamship
companies operating within the State,
providing the vessels of such companies
did not go outside of the marine league
limit from snore in traveling from port to
port.
This practically exempts the line of the
Pacific Coast Steamship Company plying
between here and San Diego and the
steamers running between Humboldt Bay
and this City from the jurisdiction of tne
commission.
Suggestions are made by the Attorney-
General to the board as to the course to be
pursued to properly exercise its authority
over the water transportation companies.
In the matter of street railways, ttie At
torney-General refrained from expressing
an opinion, but suggested that the com
mission take snch action as would lay the
"proper legal foundation for a test case."
His communication in full is as follows:
I am in rtceipt o£ your favor of recent date
relative to the "notice and order" sent by
your board to rertain steamship companies
and owners of steamers requiriug them to file
with your board reports containing certain
enumerated matters, and nulling my attention
to the fuet thai "vu 1 Wilmington Trangporta
tton Company has complied with the orders
and filed its report; ttie remainder have even
failed t » acknowledge receipt of the same, ex
cept the Pacific Coast Steamship Company,
which denies the jurisdiction of the board
over its affair?," and requesting me to take
such action as I may deem proper; also
inclosing copy of "resolution adopted by
the board In reference to street railways." I
am also in receipt of your communication rela
tive to your rignt to regulute the fares charged
for the transportation of passengers by street
railways wit mn cities and towns or between
two towns in this Stnte.
In reply I desire to state:
Fir-.t -As to steamship companies and own
ers of steamers, I hih of tne opinion that your
hoard has no jurisdiction "to regulate or in
terfere with the transportation of persons or
merchandise between points within the State,
if • • • the transportation involves a voy
age upon the ocean," and that, therefore,
where the vessels .of such companies or own
ers "in making their voyages navigate the Pa
cific Ocean mere than a marine league from
shore," even though they touch at no ports
whi';h are not within this State, you have no
control over them whatever. (See I'ncilic
Coast Bteuubil) Company vs. Railroad Com
missioners. 18 Fed. Rep., 10; Lord vs. Steam
ship Company, 102 U. S.. 544; Cowden V«. Pa
cilie Coast Steamship Company, 94 Cal., 470.)
If, however, th'j vessels of any of these com
panies or owners Uo noi go upon the high seas
in transporting passengers «nd merchandise
between points wholly within this State, 1 am
of the opinion that as to such transportation
between such points you have lhe power and
it is your duty "to establish rates of Charges"
therefor; that, for this purpose, you are
authorised by law to exsnhM the "book?,
records nnd papers" of the «'mn panics or per
sons owning such vessels and that you may
'•issue subpenas and other necessary process r
to compel the production of such of their
"books, records and paper- as you consider
it necessary lo examine. (• onstiiuticn ol Cal
ifornia, suction 22, article XII.)
1 am further of the opinion that for the pur
pose of regulating the rates of tiny such com
panies or owners of steamers as are within
your jurisdiction, you had better proceed in
the manner authorized by the constitution,
and issue Mibpcnas duces tecum to the officers
of the companies or the owners of the steam
ers, nquiring them to appear before you with
such books as you wish to examine.
Therefore, if there are any such within your
jurisdiction, and it is your intention topro
ceed further against them. I will, if \ou de
sire, upon a written requaat from you naming
them and specifying what books, etc., you
wish brought before you, prepare the neces
sary subpenas.
Second— ln view of the resolution adopted
by your board at your last meeting, requesting
me" to take snen steps as may be necessary to
test your right to regulate the fares charged by
street railways for the transportation of pas
sengers, it becomes unnecessary for me to
answer your former letter uquesiing an
opinion upon that subject. I will, however,
comply with the request contained in your
resolution, whenever you lay the proper lesnl
foundation for a test c&se. This, in my opinion,
you have not as yet dove, and I will, if you so
desire, prepare such papers, to be served by
you as I deem essential for that purpo? o.
Railroad Commissioner James 1. Stan
ton declared yesterday that the sugges
tion of the Attorney-General would be
followed out at the next session of tho
board, which will be held on July B— a
week from next Wednesday.
He said the method pursued in the mat
ter of the street railways would, in all
probability, be the same as that recom
mended in reference to tho steamship
companies. Subpenas duces tecum will be
issued requiring the officers of the com
panies or the owners of the streetcar line 3
to appear before the commission with
such cooks, papers, etc., as may be neces
sary in the opinion of the board to arrive
at an intelligent idea of the investment,
revenue and profits of the company.
Commissioner Stanton is inclined to
exercise the full power of the board,
which, he says, is given the right to pun
ish for contempt the same as a court of
record.
He is of the opinion that any official
who refuses to obey the subpenas of the
commission should be punished for con
tempt, cither by fine or imprisonment, or
both. A more conservative method fa
vored by others is tl.at a refusal to obey a
subpena should be followed by an applica
tion for a writ of mandate to tbe State Su
preme Court, directed against the recalci
trant company or officer. The latter
course, it is claimed, wou'd raise the ques
tion of jurisdiction and settle the powers
of the commission in this regard for all
time.
In view of these developments the next
session of the commission promises to be
}f more than usual interest.
The City's Death Rate.
The total number of deaths occurring in this
City during the past week was 133. Of the de
cedents 74 were males and 59 females. , There
were? casualties, 7 suicides and 1 homicide,
ana 40 of th? deaths to ■>'£ piece in public insti
tutions. Heart failure caused 20 deaths, con
sumption 17 and pneumonia 13. .
♦ — * — •• ,
PLACEERILLR`S FIRST BONTEACE
T)cath of Milton It. Ulster, an Old- Time
Jlotel- Keeper.
CARSON, Nkv., June 27.— Milton R.
Elstner, aged 73 years, a forty-niner, died ;
here this morning. He was well Known j
all over the coast, having built and con- i
ducted the first hotel in Placerville, the ;
El Durado House. He had been supenn- !
tendent of several or the largest quartz •
mills on Carson River, and also of the \
Bodie mines, in early days. He was a |
stanch democrat nni one of the recog- i
nized leaders of that party.
PUJO IN AT ASTORIA
Sough Toyaqe of the Steamer Portland
to the Sarth.
ASTORIA, Or., June 27.— The steamer
Portland, seven days out from San Fran
cisco for Nanaimo, put in here this morn
ing short of coal. She experienced a
succession of head winds. l*o accidents
were reported on board. She took on
thirty tons of coal and will proceed this
afternoon.
» » *
llenldxbunj'.t Ornpti Crop Lif/ht.
HEALDSBUKG, Cal., June 27.—Dis
couraging reports come from the vineyard
ists of this section. 1 hey say that in the
past few days grapes have been falling off
the vines badly, and should this continue
the crop will be almost a total failure.
The prapes fall from the vines which were
injured by early frosts. Others do not
seem to be affected.
•—♦-_•• — ♦-_•
Secretary Morton i'oatponet an Order.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 25.—Sec
retary Morton of the Agricultural Depart
ment to-day issued an order postponing
the certification of export beef to March i
15, 1>!)7. The act of ("oiifjress contempiatpd '
/ \ Decline
ir^^^^c T Manhood
Man!! j^^Kts^\\\\
yourself to fall into j,,j<)iiiiihiiiSl^la^B^L i
the miserable state ~T??1!3 ffl i|i|l W I
of Nervous Debility fll'Bii^Jj^^^p^^
when there is a cure ,Jf iM Q^^^^wK %
IT IS PITIABLE to think of the vast number of men who go on
from day to day suffering mental and physical torture as a
result of their weakness, while right at their doors other men are
being cured of the same disease. One who has not known it
himself cannot realize the feelings of the man in an advanced
stage of Nervous Debility, nor does he hear of it, for these men
do not talk of their troubles. Even when they are fortunately
led to use the remedy which is now so well known — Dr. Sanden's
Electric Belt — and are cured by it, they do not mention it to
j their closest friends; hence the prevalence of this trouble and i
the means of cure are appreciated only by those who have had
experience.
Considering these points, it is worth while to note how many
men throw aside all feelings of delicacy and give to the world,
for the benefit of fellow-sufferers, the fact of their cure by Dr. j
Sanden's Electric Belt.
"I could dance with joy when I consider that I have been I
saved from the necessity of living the rest of my life in that
miserable condition," says J. A. J. Morse, Los Gatos, Cal., after
using Dr. Sanden's Belt one month.
Such gratitude must give vent to words of praise. Mr. Morse
is a man past his prime and was given up by Dr. Urquhart of Los
Gatos. He was in the last stages of Nervous Debility and is now
fast recovering his strength.
Mr. L. L. Jaccard, one of the best known and most respected
i men in Alameda County, in the jewelry business at San Leandrc,
was cured by Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt over a year ago. Last week
he said: "I have no. delicacy in raakingthis statement. Your Belt
has cured me of a varicocele and weakness that has been slowly
destroying me for twenty-six years, and now that I am cured I
think it is no more than right to tell the rest of the poor suffer-
ers of it. A thing that is really good ought to be spoken of."
Mr. Jaccard is now one of the best specimens of physical man-
hood in Alameda County. He is fifty years of age, five feet nine I
inches in height, weighs 210 pounds and does not carry an ;
ounce of superfluous flesh. His form is a mass of muscle.
Strength of manhood is not dependent upon flesh. Fat men
are seldom vigorous. This strength : is in the nerves', and the
life is electricity. This explains the reason for the inevitable
failure of drugs and the success of Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt in
restoring the lost power.
Applied for three to six hours in the twenty-four, at any j
time during the v day or night that is most convenient to the
patient, it , saturates the system with Electric energy (animal
magnetism), and this energy slowly; builds up the forces of all
vital parts. The vigor of manhood expands and becomes perfect
in two or three months.
"I received your Belt on February 9 last, and wore it for two
or three hours every night for about two months. lam cured,
and my partner, Henry Mauvis, used the same belt for vital I
weakness and it has cured him," says Julius Jahn, Silver Star,
Montana, May 17.
No remedy is so easy to use as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt.
None gives such quick results. It has a patented regulator,which I
enables the wearer to turn the current on mild or strong at will !
while the Belt is on the body. It is warranted to last and give a
strong Electric current for. one year. It is by all means the
surest cure for any weakness. .
Young, middle-aged and old men should send for Dr. San-
den's famous work, "Three Classes of Men," which will be sent,
closely sealed, without marks, free. It gives full information,
and hundreds of letters from people cured. It may save you a
great deal of suffering. Get it. Address or call,
• JSB-aL.3>B-XDE!3Nr EXiEOTHIO CO., .:■• '
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8:30 P. ;"M.;i Sundays, 10 to I.
OFFICES .A.T
IOS ANGELES, CAL. . I - PORTLAND, OR. I
IW b«um Kroadw*?. I 253 Waf^cMa sire* 1
having the new regulation put in force
this year, but it was found impossible to
! establish inspection before July 1 next, at
I all points where beef is prepared and
packed for the export trade. It has also
I been found desirable to modify the require
■ ments of the original act.
HEW TO-DAT.
"Brain food
for tired people"
! is what an eminent clergyman calls Dr.
| Humphreys' No. 24. — A Homeopathic
j Tonic for
Brain Fag; General Debility; all forms
I of Physical and Nervous Weakness, aris-
j ing from Mental Strain, Business Anxiety,
j Gare or Worry, Overwork or Emotional
| Excitement; or from loss of sleep. If there
I is Indigestion alternate with No. 10, the
j famous Specific for
Dyspepsia ; indigestion; weak stom-
| ach; bad taste, coated tongue, offensive
breath, loss of appetite.
The use of No. 10 and No. 24 will build
up the most depleted system and restore
the brain's activity.
; "77" for Rose Cold
% i
Homeopathic Book mailed free.
I Soli by druggists or sent prepaid upon receipt «".f
■ rrlce, flask SI, trial 'lit cents.- Humphreys" Modi-
, cine Company, ill William street, .New York.
Be sure to get
H-U-M-P - H - R - E -V- S
NOTARY PUBLIC.
r<HARLES IL PHILLIPS, ATTORNET-AT- i
\J law and Notary Public, 633 Market at, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 570. Kesideuca 16JJ
| Ji'ellst. Telephone "l ia»' ZSttl-
. NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS. . . '
SUMMER CLEARANCE SALE!
Calico Department.
The Sale of WASH GOODS a Great Success—
A few more Bargains.
Fine Zephyrs (worth 20c a yard), to close at 12 yards for. ... .--SI
Ducks (white grounds), 12 yards for. SI
French Satines (worth 35c a yard), sacrificed at. I Oc per yard
Cotton Homespun (worth 20c a yard), for I Oc per yard
Fine Lawns (very sheer), reduced to I 2.1 c per yard
Dimities (worth fee and 15c a yard), for. I Oc per yard
Grass Lawns (choice), for I 21c per yard
French Batiste (worth 35c a yard), going at. 25c per yard
Sniveled Silks (cheap at 50c a yard), for — — .... 25 c per yard
English Gaiateas, down to — 25c per yard
Remnants of every description of WASH GOODS
at an Immense Reduction.
SE HA3UA ZaSPASJOLi.
G. VERDIER aTSo.,
SE. Corner Geary Street and Grant Avenue.
VILLB IDE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE-LOS ANGELES.
HO! FORFITCHBURG!
TO-DAY TAKE YOUiTfa/VULY^AND FRIENDS OUT ON THE -
FITCHBURG, SAN LEANDRO AND HAYWARDS LOCAL.
(See Southern Pacific Time-Card.)
The first important stop east of Fruit vale is the place. Fastest Suburban train
on the Pacific Coast. Direct boats and trains from ferry, foot of Market Street, to
FITCHBURQ STATION IN FORTY-FIVE MINUTES.
ALA3IEDA, BKBKELKY AND FBCITTALE TRAINS SINGED BY THE FITCH*
BURG SCORCHER. HATWARDS ELECTRIC CARS FROM
OAKLAND EVERY FEW MINUTES.
If yon are tired of life and want to get off the earth, stay where you are. People get well, become
cheerful, contented and prosperous in Fltchburg.
Fitchburg is the mo* promising suburb on the direct line of up-to-date public and private Improve-
ments in the vicinity of Oakland. It Is a business center by natural location. Its railway lines now
operating, deepwater transportation for freight, by Damon's line of fast sailing vessels on Oakland Har-
bor, and the excellent county roads leading to it. are incontestable proofs. It is regularly laid out into
blocks and lots bounded by wide streets, graded and graveled, and ornamented with avenue trees,
cypress hedges and evergreen groves.
NOW IS THE TIME TO BUY.
For a home while cheap: for speculation on a rising market; for a turn be first for investment now,
and bold on. No city taxes to pay ; no street improvements to make. Water supp ly from three com-
panies at you doors. .Lots In this beautiful town at cheaper rates and on easier payments than can be
bought for in many of the one-street tracts off In an inaccessible hayfield.
Lots 25 and 50 feet front by 100 to 200 feet deep to parallel street. Double frontage. Terms: 10
cent cash; deferred payments in easy Installments: title perfect.
W. F. McCLURE, 19 Montgomery Street, S. F.
THAD. S. FITCH. Fltchhnrg. ■' .
(3}
VAT- AUCTION
TUESDAY.
TUESDAY JUNE 30, 1896
At 13 o'clock noon,
AT OUR SALESROOM, 638 MARKET ST.
Pacific-Street Business Property.
S. line of Pacific, 24 feet W. of Jerome alley
or about 111:6 feet W. of Montgomery street!
Two-story building: theater below; 12 rooms
above; rent $100 per month; cement stone side-
walk; lot 20x167:6. "
Howard-Street Residence.
" E. lino (No. 2107) of Howard street, 75 feet
south of Seventeenth; large bay-window reslden-e
of 10 rooms and bath; in elegant condition; choice
neighborhood; cement wait: basalt rock In street;
Howard-street cars; lot 25x100 feet.
Oak-Street lot.
8. side of Oak street. 187.6 feet W. of Devisa-
dero; this choice building lot Is surrounded by fine
buildings; but 1 block from Golden Gate Park: ele-
gant lot for a home or for a builder to construct
French flats upon: street in splendid condition;
Oak-street cable and electric cars; lot 50x137:6
feet.
■ Western Addition French Flat*.
Northeast cor. (No. 1242) of McAllister and
Stelner sts. Building comprises 2 French flats of
7 rooms and bath each. Brck foundation; base-
ment. Choice location; everything in Al condi-
tion. Street blinminlzed; stone walk. McAllls.er-
Btreot cable. Large corner lot, 30x110 feet. -
Railroad Avenue Basinets Property.
Building and lot (No. 1012), west line Railroad
aye., 26:8 feet north of Servia St., or 18th aye.
Large building, of saloon and five rooms below
and seven rooms above; large and high basement
below. This Is a business location. Street in
basalt stone. Klpctric cars pass the property.
Large lot, 23:8x99:1 feet.
= Mission Cottage, Near Market Street.
West line (No. 310) of Noe, 181 :6 feet Jsouth or
Market street. Handsome bay-window coitage"of
live rooms and bath, conservatory, basement,
attic and stable. A pretty tome. Mast be sold.
hxamine it. Castro-street cable. .Lot 25x103
feet.
Holly Park Residence.
South line (No. 38) of West avenue, 150 feet
east of I'uton stioi't. Handsome bay-window
cottage of flva ' rooms and bath, nearly new,
washtubs and waterclO3et: brick foundation,
one block from Mission cars. Lot '25x1i7 feet.
Mission— Twenty-fourth Street Business
Lot.
N. line of Twenty-fourth »t.,97:8 feet W. of Treat
avenue. This lot is ready for building; good busi-
ness location: street in basalt rock; several elec-
tric roads; largo lot 37:6x100 feet. ;
Outside Land Block No. 1092.
8. side of Golden Gate r Park, fronting. R st.,
Thirtieth and Thirty- uves. ; 42 city lots.
Golden Gate Park Residence Lot.'- A : l.
W. line of Clayton, 37:6 feet S. of .Page' 'at.; all
ready for building: line residences surround this
lot: one block only to Uold?n (^ito Park; llalght,
Oak electric roads: lot 25x106:3 feet. :
Holly Park Residence Lot.
R. line of Plymouth aye.. 358:6 feet E. of Holly
st. and near Mission st.:p>asant surroundings;
street sewered and macadamizsd: lot ready for
building; .Missiou-st. electric-cars; lot 25x100 feet.
k Richmond Residence Lot.
K. line of Twenty-fifth aye., 250 feet 3. of Point
liObos aye.: lot ready for : building: Twenty-fifth
aye. graded ■ and - macadamized ; . must be sold;
Sutro electric-road: lot '25x120 teet.
EASTON.'ELDRIDOE & CO.,
Auctioneers,
•Salesroom G3S Market Street.
UNITED STATES BRANCH
STATEMENT
. OP THE ,
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
LANCASHIRE
INSURANCE COMPANY
OP MANCHESTER, ENGLAND, ON THE
31st day of December, A. D. 1895, and for the
year ending on that tiny, as made to the Insurance
Commissioner of the State of California, pursuant
to the provisions of sections 610 and 811 of the
Political Code, condensed as per blank furnished
by the Commissioner.
ASSETS.
Real Estate owned by Company. — 5385,585 72
Cash Market Value of all Stocks and
Bonds owned by Company 1,649,502 SO
Cash in Company's Office 1.129 88
Cash in Banks 127,201 61
Premiums In due Course of Collec- •
tion.. 244,436 33
Total assests $2,307.866 04
LIABILITIES.
Losses Adjusted and Unpaid $70,460 18
Losses In process of Adjustment or
in Suspense 119,953 00
Losses resisted including expenses.. 38,889 95
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning one year or less, 1, 645,-
-961 90, reinsurance 50 percent.. 772,980 9»
Gross premiums on Fire Risks run-
ning more than one year, $882,-
-■ 766 10, reinsurance pro rata 490,830 62
All other demands against the Com-
pany 45,000 00
Total liabilities $1.537,814 70
' INCOME. ' >
Net Cash actually received for Fire
premiums $1,896,651 43
Received for interest and dividends
'on Bonds, Stocks, Loans and
from all other sources 65,964 26
Received for Rents 3.443 83
Total income $1,966,059 52
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for Fire L05^5.... 51,113,679 61
Paid or allowed tor Commission or
Brokerage ..:... 313,603 94
Paid for naiades. Fees and other
cbargei for Officers, Clerks, etc.. 171,951 02
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 42.9&7 96
AH other payments and expenditures 149,964 34
Total expenditures $1,792,156 87
Fire Losses incurred
during the .$1,062,339 00 v
bisks a prfmhm-1. | Fire Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of Bisks
written daring the
year..:.............. $224,395,432 $2,584,042 13
Net amount of Risks
expired during the
year... 217,651,094 2,562.295 59
Net amount in force ■ - -
December 31. 1895; 208,943,226 2,428,728 00
E. LITCH FIELD, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this '25th day .
of January. 1896.
C. K. VALENTINE, Notary Public
MAI & WIIM, Managers,
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT,
5. E. Corner California and Sansome Sts.,
SAX FRANCISCO CAL.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
■17-EAr.NY AND WASHINGTON BTS.-RE-
JY modeled and renovated. KINO, WARD & CO.
European plan, j Kooms 50c to $1 50 per day, 92
to fpB per week, $8 to $30 per montn: . tree baths;
hot and cold water every room: tire grate* U
every room; elevator rum uiimsui.
910
MAY A WHIST
VICTIM SWEAR?
Herbert P. Tyson Sues
for Defamation of
Character.
THE REDRESS DESIRED.
Charge That He Was Expelled
From the Mechanics'
Institute
vnn PROFANE LANGUAGE,
Blackballed by the Directors of the
San Francisco Whist
C üb.
Herbert P. Tyson believes that his char
acter has been defamed, and he swears in
a suit filed in the Justices' Court that
irmnihnn rnrtis defamed it. The damage
caused by this defamation is placed at the
modest sum of $299, obviously for the rea
son that a Justice of the Feace cannot al
low a larger amount than $300. So the
sum, reflecting the disposition of the
The papers in the case of Herbert P.
Tyson vs. Jonathan Curtis are brief, but
this gives no assurance' that the trial will
be brief. It is narrated in the document
tiled yesterday that Plaintiff Tyson was a
« n 1,J.,t« frxr- T»i«»TnKorahtr» in t.h*» San
Candidate JOT iueiuuersmp iv me uou
Francisco Whist Club, and while the elec
tion was pending Defendant Curtis did
say in the presence of the directors of the
aforesaid San Francisco Whist Club that
"he (Tyson) was excelled from the Me
chanics' Institute for the use of profane
and vulgar language in the rooms of the
institute, and this charge caused the ap
plication for membership to be rejected."
In the complaint the aggrieved plaintiff
pays this tribute of esteem to the club
whose directors denied him admission:
'•The club is a social organization", and its
members are ladies and gentlemen of re
spectability, and because of such charge
his application for membership was re
jected." ':'-'■ , : -:S ; .^, :
It is not the purpose of The Call to try
the case before the Presiding Justice shall
have time to assign it to one of his asso
ciates, but it may not be amiss to convey
to a large circle of readers some observa
tions bearing on the relations which exist
between profanity and whist.
Primarily it may be admitted that a re
porter was detailed to interview the libra
rian of the Mechanics' Institute to ascer- i
tain and, if possible, get an illustration of
the kind of profanity which the plaintiff,
Tyson, must have used to cause his expul- >
sion from the institute. This interview
c hould not influence tne court as testi
HEALTH AND SUMMER RESORTS.
Ttfhen writing for further particulars to any of the Jfcalth or ffiesorts in these columns kindly mention the CJijCjC.
he BARTLETT
SPRINGS
HAVK THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•*^- being one of the woxders of the would, and
seekers of pleasure' and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of health, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate in Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 1810 TO 815 PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. and
S. F. and N. P. Railway.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
'LINGS COMPANY, '22 Fourth street, 8. F. f or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, CaL .
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRINGS.
THK LEADING SUMMER and WINTER j
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
T OCATED IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
Xj Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above i
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny room*, .
wltb a frontage of 460 feet south.
PURE SPRING or the celebrated CONGRESS
WRING MINERAL WATER of the alkochaly-
beate class: very valuable for table use. dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, trout, skin >
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom- .
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES, ESPECIALLY DE- '
STONE J> FOR HKAT.TII AND COMFORT.
ALL modern Improvements; electric bells, tele- i
phone and telegraph: goed stables. - !
RATES, 10 to $15 per week: only 2% hours |
from San Francisco, via S. P. Railroad. Write for :
particulars. J. V, I'FKTCU, Saratoga, Cal.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under the Old Management
ON AUSTIN CREEK, IN THK SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. K. 8., via Sausallto ferry.
Train leaves at I:4>. Hotel Cnzadero rates, $10
to $14 per week: Ellm ('.rove Hotel rates, $6 to $8
per week: tents, $3 to $5 per week, send for cir-
cular. ■ -y '
C. F. BURNS/ Proprietor,
Cazaclero, Cal. '
IiPA soda sprogs,
California"* Famous Mountain Spa! i
Have Yon Bekn Titkkk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Vallpy. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. • Table supplied from
orchard and ocean, field and farm. Hut and cold :
Nopa Soda water bnths. Telephone and Postofflce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet, !
swings and hammocks. New improvements every
year. Gas and running water In every room. Re- I
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
MING TANK. An ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest. ]
Address ANDREW JACKSON, Napa Soda springs '
P. O.
*Q- |
WHEN I JKI4H
VISITING UIVI/M1
STOP AT IKK
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS. .
TIHIS ISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
I hotel in Ukiah, and it is headquarters for ;
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other places arrive at !
nd depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from j
»11 trains. Baggage transferred free of charge. i
mony that Tyson did swear himself out of
the institution.
The librarian recollects that a Mr.
Tyson, a young man of 30, accomplished
at whist and clever at che9s, did belong to
the institute about five years ago, but he
had no recollection or record that Tyson
had been expelled.
The librarian was not able to define the
degree or volume of profanity that would
be tolerated by the directors before a repri
mand was offered or what kind of un
abridged cussing would impel the board
to suspend or exr>el a member.
It is known that in the Pacific Union
Club a member may swear if Judge Wal
lace does not complain; in the Bohemian
Club if the mummy does not murmur,
and in the Press Club if the "kitty" is
wronged.
The librarian of the Mechanics' Insti
tute is not sure that there is any ironclad
rule about profanity upstairs in the room
where chess and checkers are piayed and
cigars are smoked. It is said that Mr.
Tyson's habitat was the room upstairs.
It is possible that an unexpected "check
mate" in chess may have caused him to
burst forth in profanity. Good men,
worthy of the companionship of noble
women like Anna Shaw and Susan B.
Anthony, have oeen known to swear under
the stress of sudden anger mixed with
surprise. Indeed, it is averred that as
good a man as General John Hewston did
swear when the artists in the redwoods
painted the general's dog to resemble a
zebra. A triumph in art was then
achieved, for the dog was painted so ar
tistically that the general did not recog
nize him.
Going back to ancient records it may be
recalled that Uncle Toby swore strongly,
and that Ethan Allen made his remarks
at Ticonderoga historic by saying that he
demanded surrender in the name of the
Great Jehovah and the Continental Con
gress.
Diligent inquiry has established the fact
that Mr. Tyson did not leave the institute
under a cloud of profanity, or, at least,
that is the recollection of the librarian.
What the rules are regarding profanity in
the Ban Francisco Whist Club cannot be
stated. In general terms the rules of the
American Whist League eoverning players
is silent on the subject of profanity, but
George Washington Beaver holds that
swearing is justifiable when one partner
asks twice in the playing of one hand
what the trump is. Lieutenant Carlin of
the United States navy holds that the
mere incident of having Ciittenden Thorn
ton for a partner is sufficient cause for an
explosion of profanity.
In citing these incident? it is not the
purpose of The Call to Drejudse the case.
The directors of the Progressive Whist
Club, located on Post street, between the
Pacific Union Club and the Savoy Hotel,
will probably go into court and tell to
what extent they were in fluenced by the
alleged words of Jonathan Curtis. In
many respects the cause promises to be
come celebrated, as all the social clubs
will note the trial with the deepest interest.
It Would Have Been Fitting;.
Miss Manchester — That great at'uete,
Mr. Biceps, has pot married to that slim
little chatterbox. Miss rhinn.
Miss Birmingham — What did you expect
him fo marry, a dumb belle? — Pittsbure
Chronicle-Telegraph.
The timber wealth of the United States
gives a yearly product of over a billion
dollars, or twice the value of the entire
output of all tne mines put together — gold,
silver, coal, iron, copner, zinc and the rest.
HIGHLAND SPRINGS,
On the Border of Clear Lake.
t_jA.k:b county, cal.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE.
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
yon like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? Shortest stage ,
route into Lake County. .
All this and more can be had at Highland |
Springs.
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San |
Francisco.
From San Francisco it costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are *1 50 to $2 50
per day or flO to $16 per week. Take the 8. F.
and N. P. Railway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIG, Manager.
ban Francisco office. 316 Montgomery st.
SAJTA CATAIiRI ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
ZAHN'S telegraph pigeon service daily, con-
necting the Island with the wires of the world.
UNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excursions, tally-ho staging, wild goat
hunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa in July.
For full information, Illustrated pamphlets and
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON TRANSPORTATION CO.,
222 South Spring st., Los Angeles, Cal.
fh mm ■% m I 4fe S\ HOT SPRINGS,
II O A I V El Monterey coon-
I llnilß «\ I I (- y irlB*bad of
rfk I I ■■ I U MJ America — For
■ ■■■■■■■ health.rest.pleas-
ure, climate, accommodations, scenery, , flower,
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge-
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
fiage treatment, hunting and fishing, children's
playground, croquet and dance ball for families.
I'uraWo stands unsurpassed in the ;-tate. Plenty
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third
and Townsend streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a.m.
dally, for Soledad ; Return-trip ticket, *8. Seven
miles by stage. Telephone and Postofßce. For
Illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
SODA BAY HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKK,
O is most Dlcturesque. Soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
it throws out daily, amounting to over 1,000,000
'mis Hunting, fishing, boating and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A fine bar has jus::
been opened. The table Is supplied with the very
beat the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked after. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with the
daily stage from Pleta and Highland Springs,
Adams. Beigler, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 60; round trip. $10. Spe-
cial rates for families. G. B. V ATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. Keisey ville, Lake County, Cal. _•
ASTORG mm mm\i WATER.
rPHi; FOUNTAIN OB PERPETUAL YOUTH:
1 cures most any disease Of long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by thous nds In four
months in this city: no agents. A. ASTORG, 108
Fifth si., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quarter mile from spring, has privilege
of the water.
HAZEL_GLEN.
pOOD PLAIN BOARD IN PRIVATE FAM-
" J Ily five miles from Cioverdale: rates moderate.
Inquire of Mils. T. MOLLEB, Cioverdale, or P.
J. HEALY, 208 Powell st.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, .
KTOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL SUMMER RE-
X\ sort. MRS. J. J. CLLLEN, Prop.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
TROTTERS HAVE A DAY
A Large Crowd Attends the
Opening of the Season at
Ingleside.
HOMEWARD A SHIFTY HORSE.
After Winning Two Heats, Tog^'es Is
Beaten by Stain R— Prince Bis
marck a Gam One.
The light harness horse had his inning
at Ingleside track yesterday, and it is
quite evident he is not a thing of the past.
It was the opening day of the Pacific Coast
Trotting - horse Breeders' Association's
summer meeting, and the adherents of the
trotting-horse and the "wiggler" were out
in large numbers, a conservative estimate
of the attendance placing the number of
people present at 3500. To be sure the la
dies were admitted without charge at the
gate and figured very prominently in the
grand stand. Two bookmakers and an
auction pool stand attended to the wants
of those who desired to speculate — and
they were many. The weather was not
the most propitious for racing, on account
of a stiff westerly breeze, and the track
was not as fast as that at Terre Haute;
but notwithstanding these setbacks some
splendid racing was furnished.
The races were judged by Messrs. A. H.
Cohen, J. W. Wilson and F. W. Covey,
and their decisions met with the approval
of all. The "clocking" was done by Dick
Havey and John Rogers. President E.
P, Heald was here, there and everywhere,
attending to the wants of the horsemen,
and his efforts were grently appreciated.
What the Australian starting-gate is to
the running turf Starter W. P. McNair is a
like improvement to the trotting turf.
The tedious, tiresome scorine that tended
so much to throw trotting events into dis
favor with spectators was noticeably in
frequent yesterday. The man from Wich
ita sent nis fields away with littie delay
and in fine order, many of the starts
coming in for deserved roqnds of applause.
Three events were apwn for decision— the
2:30 trot, the 2:15 trot and a purse for the
2 :25-class pacers. In the latter event the
new innovation of making each heat a
race was tried, and, as it was a hotly con
tested affair from end to end, is evidently
a success. Three heats were paced, the
purse given being $450. At the conclusion
of a heat one-third of this amount was di
vided between the first four horses at a
ratio of 50, 25, 15 and 10 per cent, accord
ing as the horses finished. Prince Bis
marck won three straight heats, and thus
secured $225 of the gross amount hung up.
The sport opened with a $1000 purse, for
trotters of the 2:30 class, best three in five
heats. When pool selling began on the
seven starters there was a lull. Auctioneer
Al Lieach vainly exhorted the crowd to
"start her a-going." It was quite evident
that something was going to be uncovered,
and some one was waiting for aomeoody
else to show his hand. Finally a little
man with a weak voice bid $10 for the
field, and a sedate looking gentleman
said $7 for another choice and took Medico.
A rather wise looking wayfarer tnen said
he guessed he'd have Homeward and got
him for $10.
Tnis latter speculator was evidently a
good guesser, for very soon Homeward
was in great demand. Homeward, who
hails from Fresno and was handled by his j
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Rest, Refreshment and Relaxation.
A Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
hi Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in (inrments
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never Lift* His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of Healing Pour Freely From
Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:15 A. M. OR 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
Third and Townsend streets, 3Vi hours from
San Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
tOT Stage connects with train from Third and
Towusend streets.
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
BOCA HOTEL
' Booa, Cal,
TTEADQUARTERS FOR FISHERMEN AND
il their families. Excellent table and newlv-
-1 11 ted rooms. Dally stage leaves hotel for LAKE
INDEPENDENCE, the "Queen of Mountain
Lakes.' For information address
AS. UcDONAXD, Boca, Cal.
f|TT 1 ft fill HOT SPRINGS. Sonoma
11/ AII I I V County, only 4 2 hours from
V 1 {I IT IT \ San ''ranclsco; but i) miles
II |\ ft II II 11 staging: new road through
*>»*«**•* *" "* canyon; new stages; sanitary
plumbing: natural temperature of water 130° Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa-
greeable winds: mosqultos and other annoying
insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Bound-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, daily mall ■ and express.
i Bates $12 a week ; baths free. ; -. ■
J. F. MULGREW, Proprietor.
1 CAPITOLA.
&s&*£zw! CEW[ resort -
g^'iii.«VlSTli n $6*3 4 Miles' East of
h^inTjfji'i'iairtfriMrv Santa Cruz.
tmtaiktßjS^MJrm^ Hotel at water's edge:
rri i x iiiij linn m furnished and partly
a 2" j f m Ish' d cottages: free
I '' -*-> <jg JA campground; salmon
I I_JLI" and trout fishing.
— — — — F. BEANIES, Supt.,
Capitol a, Cal.
CAMP TAYLOR, HOTEL AZALEA,
Tocaloma, Bertrnnd's Hotel, Hariri Co., Cal.
J|URST '- CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS; DE-
lightful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
' croquet and lawn tennis; fine trout fishing, bath-
-1 Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
i ley: postoilicf, express, telegraph ami livery at
both hotels; terms $8 and $12 per week.
VICTOK W. KRAUHH, Manager.
JOS. F. BEKTRAND, Proprietor. -
| City office, 112 Taylor St., Fridays, 2to4p. it
MOUNTAIN HOME.
( The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Cruz Mountains... ° ;
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing, pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
I nir. Stage at Mad roue every. Monday. .Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m. -'■'SSsiffi
VIC PONCELET, Llagas. CaL .
WHITE OAK FARM.
XTEAB CLOVEBDALE; PLENTY OF FRUIT,
J.l vegetables, melons, berries, milk, cream, eggs,
I etc.: terms 37 per week. Address W. H. HIATT,
Cloverdale, Cal. , . ••
TUSCAN SPRINGS.
" Prices within the reach of all. Positive cure for
Rheumatism, Gout, Scrofula,' Diseases of Kidneys
and Bladder and all Urinary Diseases man Is heir
I to. For rates and fare apply to
I W. J. O'NEILL, 132 Sixth St.
owner, C. E. Clarke, jogged around the
first heat in 2:21^. He then Drought $10
against a song tor all of the others. The
following two heats were repetitions of the
first, the Frasno gelding finishing eased up
in 2:23%; 2:23. He is a son of Strath way,
and as he appears to be the sort of laorse
to keep an eye on "as he waits along the
line," his name is now pinned in the hat
of all the circuit-followers. Medico, driven
by Charles Durfee, made a good showing
in the first heat, but the cuppy track was
apparently not to his liking, and he was
not a dangerous contender thereafter.
Auditor, wtio exhibited game staying qual
ities, took short money.
The 2:15 trot called out a field of six,
and was the sensational race of the day.
In the opening pools Stam B brought $20,
against $16 for the field, consisting of Tog
gles, Native State, Bruno, Chico and Jas
per Ayers. Tne favorite over which Jim
Dustin handled the feins was very un
steady the first heat, and cut but' little
figure. After passing the halfpole Tog
gles, who, by the way, is another son of
Strathway in the string of Owner Clarke, I
passed Jasper Ayers and Bruno and passed
the wire in a jog, three lengths in advance I
of Jasper Ayers, in 2:20%. After this ex- j
hibition Toggles was just the thing, and j
sold for $10, against $9 tor the entire field. \
Taking the pole from Bruno at the far I
turn the favorite placed another easy heat |
to his credit, finishing three lengths be- i
fore Jasper Ayres in 2:20%. In this heat j
Stam B again evinced a desire to go in the i
air.
But the next heat brought sorrow to the I
cainpof the Togsleses. Selling for $10, with
the field bringing but $4, he was cut off by j
Stam 8., who had now got down to work, j
at the half, and made a disastrous break.
Finally getting his liorse down, Driver |
Clarke decideu to go for the heat, and,
although the son of Strathway made up a
marvelous lot of lost ground, Stara B j
headed him out a length and a half at the
stand, in 2:18 V. Toggles still sold favor
ite, however, bringing $20, with Stam B
fetching $12 and the field $5. The hard
heat had not been without its effect, and
Stara B took the next two heats and race
in 2:19, 2:21%. In each of these two last
heats Toggles finished third, behind Chico,
driven by the clever reinsman "Jimmy"
Sullivan.
The 2:25 pace went to a ranK outsider in '<
the betting— Prince Bismarck, driven with i
exceile it judgment by A. McDonald.
T ere were five starters for the $450 purse, j
Before the first heat F. W. brought $10,
Bstella WilKes $7, the field $7. Nearly all !
of the "side-winders," with the exception
of Prince Bismarck, found too many egg
snells to step on, and iv a very exciting
finish the Prince landed the heat by a i
neck from Estella Wilkes. Still Prince ;
Bismarck found little favor and was an
outsider in the betting on the second heat, ;
the books laying sto 1 against him. Go
ing like clockwork he passed one after an- j
other of his more unsteady opponents and j
in a very close thing took the heat from I
Gladys W by three parts of a length in
2:24%. With 2to 1 against him taking !
the last heat, the Prince collared Ed Laf- ;
ferty, who left his feet fifty yards from the j
wire, and beat Diablo's brother a head i
in 2:25 amid great cheering.
SUMMARY.
INGLESIDE TRACK, June 27.— Purse $1000;
2:30 class, trotting. Best 3in 5.
Homeward, b. s., by Strathway— by Grov
esnor ( larke) 11l
Auditor, br. s., by Secretary— by Whipple
ton (Kdge) 4 22
Medico, b. g.,by Hewlett's Echo— by Priam
(Durfee) 236
Leader, bl. g., by Tom Benton— by Earl of
Derby (Lielry) »364
Solo, b. m., by McKinney— by Stamboul
(.-anders) »543
Patti Hosa, b. m., by Silver King— by Yuba
Boy (llocoboom) 766
Twilight, b. in., by Noonday— by Sidney
(Uannon) 67 7
Time. 2:2114-2:23^-2:23.
•Divided fourib money.
Purse $1000; 2:15 class, trotting. Best three
In filve.
Stnm B, b. s., by Stamboul— by Happy
Medium (Dustin) 64111
Toggles, br. c, by Strathway— by Pasha
(Clarke) 11233:
Jasper Ayers, b. g., by Iris — by Altamont
(Perkins) 2 2 4 44 j
Chico, b. c., by Monroe Chief— by Black- I
SAN FRANCISCO
AND —
NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY.
FOR THE
Fourth of July Holidays
VERY LOW
SPECIAL RATES TO ALL
POINTS ON THIS ROAD
AND
GREATLY REDUCED RATES
TO ALL RESORTS.
49* For particulars inquire at Ticket Office,
650 Market street.
H. C. WHITING, B. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass'r Agent.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY.
AN IDEAL .PLACK. FOR HEALTH. REST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; V2- mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated turn Geyser
Soda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Send for circulars. -
INVERNESS.
TNVERNESS, MABIN COUNTY— CAMPING
X privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water bathing;
| water 15 degrees warmer than any other resort
j on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and fish-
ing; within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific coast Railroad. Stages meet trains. Apply
II to 2 dally, 331 Montgomery street, room 61.
GO TO BURGAS SPRINGS,
rn\VO MILES FROM HOPLAND, MKNDOCINO
X County, for your health and pleasure, j : The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric : and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; tine view. - Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free dus
to 7:30 train from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, 910 per week.
O. HO WELL, President.
• Telephone at Post-office. •:• .■■:.■:■
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEART OF THE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains: hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
Ing and fishing; cottages for families; stage meets
morning train: terms $8 up. Address JOSEPH
LINDSBY, Glenwood. Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
"DOSS VALLEY, NEAH SAN RAFAEL; COT-
XV tages and tents, with or without board; danc-
ing pavilion: salt water bathing.
MBS. PETER SMITH, Manager.
bird (Sullivan) 5 5 5 2 2
Native Stale, h. s., by Star Sultan— by
Wellington (Mab.-n) 33666
Bruno, b. s., by Junio— by Mozart (Dwain). 4 63 5 5
lime, S :2o Vfe-2 -.20 Vi— 2 :1834-:> :19— 2 :2iy,.
Purse $450; 2:25 class, pacing. Three heats.
Prince Bismarck, b. g., by Almont Patchen—
by Blue Bel. (McDonald) 1 1 1
Gladys W, s. m., by Westmont— by G. M.
Patcnen Jr. (lluckney) 3 2 3
Ed Lafferty, b. g.. by Charles Derby— by Al
cantura (Laffeny) 4 4 2
Estella Wilkes, br. m., by Marobrino Wilkes
(>and ts) 2 5 4
F W, b. g., by Dorsey's Nephew (Suther
land) * 535
Time, 2:24— 2:24y a -2:25.
NOTES.
The close finishes pleased the fair sex
immensely. They were all sorry to See
Toggles beaten, he had such a cunning
name.
Solo showed much improvement in the
third heat of the opening event.
A. B. Spreckels, president of the Pacific
Coast Jockey Club, who is as ardent an
admirer of the trotter as he is of the run
ning horse, was an interested spectator at
the races yesterday.
Estella Wiikes finished fourth in the
second heat, but was placed last for run
ning.
Stam B is owned by the Tuttle Brothers
of Auburn, one of whom was present at
the track and was highly elated to see his
horse win.
Harlan <fe Co. and J. C. Humphrey were
the firms booking on the tro f ,s.
The association is endeavoring to ar
range a special race for the pacers for next
week that will bring W. Wood, Waldo J
and some of the other fast ones together.
This would draw a big crowd.
Stam B finished fifth in th» first heat of
his race, but was set back for breaking.
There will be no racing to-i lorrow. The
sport will be continued on Tuesday.
Homeward is said to have put in several
heats in the neighborhood of 2:15 before
he left Fresno.
GREAT RUSH FOR BARGAINS.
At the 45 Cents on the Dollar Sheriff
■';•:•■ :; rV; . Sale -
The $85,000 stock of James M. Moran & Co.,
1009-1015 Market street, attracted and held
during the past week the biggest crowd of
dry-goods Buyers that has been seen in San
Francisco for many years. When heavy taf
feta silk worth $1 50 a yard is sold for 50c;
foulard silk at 15c a yard; $1 velvet at 45c;
25c dress goods 10c; 50c velveteen at 25c;
$2 50 P. D. corsets at 50c; children's muslin
dresses 10c; 50c men's shirts at 2;">c;socand
75c hose at sc; gents' linen collars at lc
each; ladies' linen collars 2%c, and so on
through the entire stock— is no wonder why
the store doors had to be closed, police protec
tion required, strong men, employes, to reg
ulate the rush. The sale will continue to
morrow from 9 to 6 o'clock. *
_»—» — * — ■» ' .-■"
Easy Punishment of Baron Kotz.
Baron Kotze, the slayer of Baron Schra
der in a recent sensational duel, has just
been sentenced to a two years' confine
ment in a fortress — the minimum possible
under the law against dueling. The Em
peror, following a custom, will pardon
Kotz after he has spent two months or six
weeks in one of the picturesquely situated
fortresses on the Rihne. That is the
atonement for a duel whose terms were
such as to make it virtually a murder.
Still the days of the duel in Germany are
are nearly over. All signs point that way.
Here is a funny story:
Two gentlemen in Strassburg, a small
town in West Prussia, began quarreling in
a hotel. The owner of the hotel finally
interfered, at which one of the belligerents
felt offended and sent a challenge for mor
tal combat to the hotel keeper. The latter,
however, smiled and said:
"I have no time to waste now, as I must
tap a keg of beer." ;
• • >
The rapid manner in which certain
modern churns convert cream into butter
is one of the wonders of the dairying ape.
Butter can now be made while the break
fasi-table is being laid, five or tax minutes
being all the time needed to churn, while
in a few more minutes the butter can be
made up and brought to the table.
Less Time
To Get There
More Time
To Stay There.
New stage arrangements do away with all waits
on the road to
/ETNA SPRINGS
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train for St.
Helena, stage meets yon there at 10 a. k. Un-
limited round-trip tickets, 87. Rates, $10 to ?14 a
week. Swimming tank, 30x75 feet, filled up with I
naturally warm jETNA Mineral Water; tub
baths, hotel, clubhouse, recreation of all kinds.
For further information call at 318 Battery St.,
San Krancisco or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. Lldell P. 0.. Nap« County. Cal.
LAKE TAHOE.
McKINNEY'S.
Most Sheltered Spot on the Lake.
A ND POPULAR FAMILY RESORT; LARGE
x\. new hotel, just completed; iron and magnesia
springs; large dancing-hall and parlors; hot baths.
Free Bonts and Free Fishing Tackle.
No rattlesnakes, no poisou oak: table excellent;
dairy conncc.ed with hotel. Terms, $10 to $12
per week. Round trip tickets to Tahoe City, $18.
MURPHY BROS., Proprietors.
CALAVERASBIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Bight Among the
Sequoias is Now Open.
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF Fl9H-
ing. Postofflce and Telephone office.
J. L. SPBKKY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK <& SON, 621 Market street.
S. F., Agents.
MARK WEST SPRIGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Nine miles from Santa Rosa.
I TiriTHITH BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
I TT bor ; the place where you feel at home. Table
I first ciass. Croquet, Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool. Dancing Pavilion, Flsh-
incand limiting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
special rates for clubs and large families. Round
trip, $3 76. Baths free to guests.
FRESE & JUERGENBEN.
ST. HELENA SANITARIUM,
ST. HELENA, CAL.
RECREATION, REST AND HOME FOR IN-
vaiids, consisting of large main building, cot- j
j tage* and tents on mountainside overlooking Napa
, Valley. Steam heat, elevator, callbells and nlght-
I watc:h service. Massage, electricity, medicated
I and steam baths are among the remedial agents.
Swimming tank, gymnasium and beautiful moun
tain walks are among the amusements, lure
water, air and a beautiful climate. Accommoda-
tions first clasj. Rates reasonable. Send for circular.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 niles from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk : free conveyance for parties of
i two or more; grnnd redwood scenery. Address
| JOSEPH LUTI'RI.VuEH, seaview, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRTJsE «fe CO., 207 Front St., San Fraa-
I Cisco, for particulars.
EL BONITO HOTEL
j TVTOW OPEN TO TOURISTS FOR THE
' i.' season; salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
: fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc. : terms
reasonable. o. \V. MORGAN,
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co., CaL
MOTEL DE REDWOOD.
IN THE HEART OF TllE SANTA CRUZ
Mountains. Board from 87 to $10 a week.
Campers' return ticket, $'J 60. Send for circular
to M. S. COX, Laurel, Cal.
HINTON`S PARTISANSHIP
The Republican County Commit
tee Wants Representation
in His Office.
A Special Meeting at Which Expert
George E Lews Was Urged
for Appointment.
Registrar Hinton has displayed an un
precedented determination to make his
office a part of the Democratic machine,
and has so far accorded the opposite party
less representation and consideration than
any of his predecessors, either Democratic
or Republican.
The leading parties are equally inter
ested in the important work of registra
tion, in the canvass of the names regis
tered and in seeing that in the whole pro
cess of registration no jobs are worked in
by tricksters. It has been the custom to
give at least a quarter of the appoint
ment of registration clerks to the opposite
party and to afford the proper party rep
resentatives free facilities for checking up
the work of registration.
Members of the Republican committee,
Assistant Secretary Ricard and others
who have registration in hand complain
that Registrar Hinton will not allow
access to the affidavits of those registered.
He has also refused so far to appoint more
than three Republicans, and one of the3e
was given his place on Governor Budd's
recommendation.
The County Committee wisheß Hinton
to appoint George E. Lewis, who was long
chief deputy in that office, and who is
familiar with the work of registration.
But Mr. Hinton says that Lewis knows too
much, and he doesn't want him in his
office.
It was in view of this condition of af
fairs that a special meeting of the Repub
lican County Committee was held at Re
publican headquarters last evening, with
fourteen of the members present.
Chairman Man waring briefly announced
the purpose of the meeting and offered the
following resolution :
Wheeeas, It is our opinion that the Repub
lican party has inadequate representation in
the Registration Office of this City nnd County,
and believing that the party is entitled to
a representation which will thoroughly pro
tect its interests; and, whereas our party when
in control of the Registration Office has always
given due representation to the Democratic
party,
Therefore, we respectfully urge upon the
Registrar to grant us such representation and
«t would recommend as a competent man,
than whom there is none better informed as to
the details of registration and one whose in
tegrity this committee vouches for, George E.
Lewis, and we would herewith most earnestly
urge his appointment.
We would further reserve the privilege of
making further recommendations whenever
additional necessary help in the administra
tion of the office may entitle us to more repre
sentation. We fully believe that the Registrar
will manage his office honestly and fairly, b.ut
suggest that a compliance with our request
will materially assist in convincing the public
at large of this fact.
On motion of J. M. Chretien the resolu
tion was adopted unanimously and a cer
tified copy was ordered sent to Registrar
Hinton and to each member of the Elec
tion Commission.
No other business was transacted. Be
fore adjournment Cnairman Manwaring
urged the importance of every committee
man doing all he could to promote early
registration.
Camel's flesh is the latest addition to
the Parisian bill of fare, Algerian butch
ers undertaking to provide the supply.
The meat is said to taste like beef, though
white like yeal. The hump is considered
a great delicacy by the Arabs.
fl^7~\ The Beantiful
<■- ■-. « \_»h lilt llcalllllUi
p^kSl HOTEL
WS3I* VENDOME
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly painted inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
QEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
UAU/ADn springs,
HUWAKU p. o. putah,
LAKE COUNTY.
fiHANGED HANDS— RENOVATED AND IM-
\J proved. Accommodations — and service
strictly first -class: rates $10. $12: special terms
for families: postotlice and telephone on premises;
round trip $10; tickets at •-. P. Co.'s offices; corre-
spondence Invited. ' Address PROF. JULES
11EUGEN, Manager.
AITAMOJIT HOTEL, HOWARDS STATION,
'..--■ Occidental, Sonoma County,
ON THE N. P. C. R. R., IS NOW THOB-
oughly renovated; good board; clean, sunny
rooms. Terms $6 to $8 per week. Special rates
to families. Climate perfect.
DAVID ROBINSON, Proprietor.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
I, vKK COUNTY.
POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
year round. Telephone connections. Bound-
trip tickets at Southern Pacific offices, 10: special
conveyance dally. For inforn address JOHN
SPAULDINQ, Seigler Springs, Lake County, CaL
Cisco,
■\jfOT7NTAIN SUMMER RESORT; 182 MILES
I*l from San Francisco, via C. P. R. R. ; air and
water cannot be excelled: particulars and rates on
application. HERBEV <fe FREEMAN, Pro-
prietors, Cisco, Placer County, Cal. '
HONTE VISTA.
mHE DAILY ARRIVALS AT THIS CHARM-
X ing resort of 'the Sierras remind' Its friends and
patrons to send promptly for full descriptive cir-
cular to C. E. KINNKY, Proprietor, or C. M.
HAZARD, Manager, Dutch Flat Station, Cal. '
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal. '
UNDER M'.W MANAGEMENT.
DATES $2 TO $2 60 PER DA $8 TO $14 PER
XV week: all baths free.
.. W. H. HARRON. Proprietor.
URIAH STABLES MD STAGE COMPAQ,
WH. MILLER, PROPRIETOR. GOODTURN-
• outs for commercial men, tourist and fishing
parties a specialty. State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cal. Vichy Springs stage meets all
trains. Daily ' stage for Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake. : - -
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,:
BESWICK, SISIvIYOU COUNTY, CAL., ■ A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
LAKE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
XJ resort in State: 8 different springs: good fish-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class- rates
$10 per week and upward: table unexcelled; bard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS. Bach-
elor P. 0., Lake Co., Cal.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. ncnATH'S
HUNTING, FISHING. BATHING AND
camping out witn the boys, and never had
such a good time before in : my life. , Completely
forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and feel like
going Into business again. I tell you that is the
place to go to have & real good time and complete
Huil ge u For particulars address A. B. McMATH,
1 That Clutching
Sensation
at the Heart
is almost instantly dispelled-
by a swallow of Vino-Kolafra,
the African Tonic made from
SterculiaNuts. Vino-Kolafra
governs heart action as the
fly-wheel regulates machin-
ery: it cures hysteria and
nervousness.
Vino-Kolafra
annihilates fatigue, gives
strength and tone to the "body,
and rapidly builds up con-
valescents after severe illness.
A glance at the names of the
endorsers of Vino - Kolafra
will convince you that it is a ■
product of unusual impor-
tance, r
Sold by Druggists Generally.
Brunswick Pharmacal Co.
JOHNSON & Johnson, Selling Agents,
©2 William St., New York,
Four
Propositions
No. I.
To inform you we are Headquarters for
Dog Collars, Dog Medicines, Leads and
Whips. •
No. 2.
To sell Dos Collars from 15c to $1.50
Dog Harnesses from $1.00 to $2.50
No. 3.
To put Tags on Collars purchased o
us FREE OF CHARGE.
No. 4. ~
To give free of charge (on application)
Glover's celebrated boos, "TREAT-
ISE ON DOGS.' '
DON'T THIS
gTJFLTKIE you?
«- RAZORS and SHEARS ground by
skilled mechanics, it specialty. •'..
wzmzatM
hiQQZQ MARK. 7 ST
YOUR VACATION !
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the light-
-1 hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
: shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
■ JOHN R. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,
Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
WALLS SPRINGS.
HOTEL AND CABINS IN THE REDWOODS
near the Russian Kiver. Terms very reason-
able. For particulars address
JOHN TAYLOR, Manager.
Hilton Postofflce, Sonoma County.
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME,
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure."
Address IRA O. HOITT.
Hoitt's School reopens August 4.
HOME REST FOR THE SUMMER.
QUMMEB BOARD IN BAN JOSE; PLEASANT
0 rooms; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dre.»» P. O. box 226.
■\TICE, PLEASANT COUNTRY PLACE TO
i-> spend yonr vacation; eood board, hot mineral
baths included, »5 pcx week. J. MONTGOMERY,
Culistoga, Napa County. '
pIVERSIDB RANCH— ON THE BANKS OF
XV Eel River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men*
docino County: round trip, *9 75 from San Fran-
' Cisco; fishing, hunting, bathing and boating un-
surpassed. Terms. $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Mendoclno County.
T7<INE CAMPING PLACE TO LET) 810 TENT
X 1 and complete outfit ; safe for ladies; Boss Val-
ley; $20 a month. 1203 Geary st. ,
I ATTRACTIVE • LOCATION; PLEASANT
-TV rooms: fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
I pns,etc.,all raised on home farm. For particular!
and terms address box 85, Sehastopol, Sonoma Co.
TTOTEL DHL MAR— UN THE SEASHORE: 20
-UL minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
-1 feet; table unexcelled: surf bathing; sailing, row-
I int.-. fishing; buses meet all trains; children, $2
| to $5 per week: adults. $9 per week: special rates
: to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal.. or room 29,
Maze building, S. F. ■
OTEL VICTORIA, BONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
I derland; altitude 1985 feet: the pleasure and
I health seekers' paradise: the . accommodations of
i the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
I order; rates $10 to $16 per week. JOHN C. MOR-
j RISON, lessee. ■ ' ■- -': ■■■■.■-.
BLUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT—
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion bulls
! over the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
! and hunting. Address CARL MEYER, Bertha
I P. 0., Lake Co. Do not address Blue Lakes. :
T BELMONT, SAN M \TK(> COUNTY,
board for summer months: private .family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms; 3 minutes from
I station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. UANSEN.BeImonU
OARD ON A RANCH 2000 FEiST ELEVA-
I) tion; good rooms and first-class board; terms
$6 per week. Address Bed wood Grove, Occidental,
Sonoma County. - - , ■ , ■,-
; IiBOOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE:
| I) plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
i T ONO WOODS, IDEAL SUMMER RESORT:
XJ send for illustrated pamphlet and- terms. Ad-
dress Longwoods, Napa, Cal.
pYPRESS LAWN FRUIT FARM-GOOD TA-
\J Die: home comforts. T. H. EPi.KY, Napa, Cal.
innn CARDS PRINTED FOR $150: KB
■LUUU sort signs. HILL, 22^ Geary st.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS - TH*
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.THE FAIR DEEDS
UNDER A GLASS
The Opponents of Mrs.
Craven Searching for
Flaws.
A MICROSCOPE IN USE.
Members of the Board of Educa
tion Talk About the
Teacher.
MRS. CRAVEN IS STILL ILL.
No. New Move Made by Either Side to
the Controversy Yesterday.
All Busy.
Mrs. Nettie R. Craven was too ill to be
seen yesterday, but her daughter Mar
garet, speaking in Her behalf, said:
'Mamma does not fear the attacks of
her enemies and those who are paid to op
pose uer in this matter of the deeds. Sne
is perfectly secure in her position and her
legul counsel will do the rest."
"What about this move in regard to dis
placing her in the Sctiool Department?"
"Nothing. Mamma does not believe
there will be any such move, whatever
may be the unguarded utterances of some
individual on the Grand Jury, or even on
the Board of School Directors itself.
Mamma has been in the department for a
number of years now, and her record is
one of nard work and great benefit to the
City. She will not discuss the question at
ail, except to characterize the suggested
movement as a cowardly and underhanded
attempt by some one with a grievance to ao
her an injury at this time. It cannot,
however, succeed."
Concerning the marriage Miss "Birdie"
said : "The marriage contract will be made
public in court just as soon after its arrival
here as it is demanded. Tuere is no dispo
sition now on mamma's part to keep back
anything that is in regard to this affair,
only that she is advised by her attorneys
to say nothing, and as they are in com
mand of the s;up now she must obey or
ders. Besides, she is ill to-day and could
not see anybody."
So far as the attempt to remove Mrs.
Craven from ncr position as principal of
the Mission Grammar School is concerned,
Mrs. Craven seems to have been speaking
by the card. A poli of the members of
tne school board made yesterday by Call
reporters discovered only two of the entire
number who were disposed to look with
any severity upon Mrs. Craven as a result
of her recent disclosure of her relation
ship to Senator Fair.
These' two — and Murdock —
expressed the opinion that Mrs. Craven's
usefulness in tue department was at an
end and that she thouid resign. Failing
to do that, the board should remove
her. Otners were disposed to quality their
censure, but a majority cried "nands off,"
aim a fair trial. That the matter will
cume before the board there is no doubt,
:;i.u it is possible tuat a special meeting
ariti be called to consider it..^^ --'^^
In the meantime the eyes of the army of
lawyers opposing the claim of the teacher
are bulging out with an eagerness for the
discovery of flaws in the wills submitted to
their inspection Friday night and yester
day. Yesterday representatives of both
sides were present when photographic
copies were made of the documents.
The lawyers in opposition to Mrs. Craven
declared tney had found yesterday a vital
flaw in the deeds, such as was calculated
to head off a few threatened and premature
wrinkles and to permit them to sleep again
at nights.
The n"aw was the omission in the de
scription oi the property of the words
"the City and County of San Francisco."
This, they say, is sufficient in itself to in
validate the wills.
"The Supreme Court," said George
Knight, ''has decided in so many words
that for the same reason — for a similar
omission— it could not recognize judicially
the location of Golden Gate Par*. There
may be Golden Gate parks in any city on
earth. Likewise there may be Sansome
streets and Mission streets and Fine streets
in New Orleans or Borneo.
"These deeds greatly simplify our case,"
continued Knight. "The question of com
promising with Mrs. Craven does not now
enter into it. We shall fight her on every
proposition. We are in position to prove
the biggest kind of a conspiracy, partially
carried out in forgery. We have the data,
and it will be forthcoming to show thai
this plot has been long and carefully pre
pared and deliberately carried out."
R. B. Mitchell conversed along the same
lines, and Charles Hegjrerty went away on
a vacation.
Reuben Lloyd was equally sanguine of
being able to prove the deeds to be forger
ies. He said that the signature of James
G. Fair on one of the deeds was written, to
all appearances, over an erasure, also the
date, September 8, 1894. He thought that
something more might be revealed under
the microscope.
On the other hand the attorneys for Mrs.
Fair are as entirely and quietly confident
as the others are boisterous.
VIEWS OF DIRECTORS.
What They Have to Say Regarding
Mrs. Craven and Her Relation
ship to the School.
The views of the School Directors con
cerning the propriety of Mrs. Nettie R.
Craven retaining her position in the de
partment, since the puolicity ehe has at
tained in the matter of the Fair will and
its attendant developments, are to an ex
tent divided. A few of the directors are
avowedly hostile to the lady, and say
that if not willing to resign steps should
be taken for her removal, but in the
opinion of the majority there exists no
sufficient reason for any such action.
President H. T. Scott of the Board of
Education, while unwilling to discuss the
topic, expresses the opinion that Mrs.
Craven should at least be suspended from
duty pending me decision of the court in
the Pair will case.
"Her continued presence in the depart
ment under the existing circumstances,"
Baid Director C. A. Murdock, the chairman
of the classification committee, "is very
demoralizing and ought not to be toler
ated. The interest of a school is always
of greater importance than the personal
interests of any principal or teacher. It
is immaterial, in my judgment, whether
Mrs. Craven be right or wrong in her con
test over the Fair estate. In either case
phe should resign from the school depart
ment. Ido not know yet what we can do
about it, but shall look into the circum
stances at my earliest convenience and
recommend some definite line of action."
"The professional reputation borne by
Mrs. Craven," said Director H. C. Hender
son, "is deservedly high and second to
that of nobody in the department. She is
a fine principal, popular alike with her
teachers and pupils, and tier school, the
Mission Grammar, is not surpassed by
any other school in the City for its ex
cellence of scholarship and discipline.
There is not now an tr an ti -marriage rule in
existence, and if there were it would
undoubtedly be declared unconstitutional
by the courts. At this time we have
literally no grounds upon whicti to base
any action against the lady. Let us wait
until the end of the litigation over the
Fair estate in which she is now so actively
engaged, and then, if she be proved to be
an immoral woman, why that's a horse of
another color. In the meantime, I think
it is wrong for us to cast any aspersions
upon her character."
"There is no better principal in the
School Department than Mrs. Craven,"
said Director T. R. Knox, chairman of the
rules committee, and I know of nothing
against her character. The Board of Edu
cation is a semi-judicial tribunal and un
til charges against her have been regularly
sworn to and filed according to our rules I
don't see that we are warranted in insti
tuting any proceedings against her."
Director W. F. Ambrose shared the
views of Director Knox, but Director An
drew McElroy was inclined to look rather
unfavorably upon the role played by Mrs.
Craven in the Fair will case, although he
admitted that he was unaware of any Haw
in her previous record as a teacher.
Dr. J. H. Soper, who was recently elected
to rill the vacancy for the unexpired term,
caused by the resignation of H. L. Dodge,
thought that if many of the things which
have Deen said about Mrs. Craven and the
late Senator Fair were true she ought not
to be permitted to remain in the Public
School Department.
"In view of the developments of the
past few days," said Director E. P. Barrett,
"1 should say that Mrs. Craven was not a
fit person to remain as teacher in the
School Department. If she had lived
openly with Fair it would have been all
right. Otherwise, however, her conduct
would seem to be very questionable. As
to dismissing her from the department,
the board has not that power until she has
been tried on specific charges and found
guilty. The rigut of demanding a trial,
having the benefit of counsel and calling
witnesses was given by a law passed not
long ago, which also provides that specitic
charges should .first be filed.
"Fault has been found with Mrs. Craven
before this for going East and n glecting
her duties at the Mission Grammar School,
of wiiich she is principal at the salary of
$17j a mouth. A year ago last December,
just before this board came in, Mrs. Craven
was expecting that steps would be taken
to remove her. Accordingly she obtained
an injunction against the old board, re
straining it from taking steps to oust her.
The next regular meeting wiii be held iv
July, but President Scott may call one
sooner. In fact, I understand he is going
to call one for next Tuesday. Until actual
charges are riled I believe and have advo
cated that Mrs. Craven should be tempo
rarily suspended."
Director Tuomas R. Carew said: "It
seems to me that the rule of the
board which was in effect at the time of
Mrs. Craven's marriage to Senator Fair,
and which allows no teacher to remain in
the department after marrying, would
furnish sufficient grounds for taking ac
tion against her. I believe that if the mat
ter were properly brought to her attention
she would probably resign. Mrs. Craven
certainly must have known of tfie rule,
which was and had been in effect for a
long time, and was only recently re
scinded. I believe that without a doubt
Mrs. Craven is one of the finest teachers
in the department, and I am personally
friendly toward her. I shall, however, do
my duty in the matter without any regard
for personal considerations."
"Mrs. Craven is one of the brainiest an!
ablest teachers in the department," de
clared Dr. C. A. Clinton, "and I should be
very sorry indeed to see anything arise
whereby we should lose her valuable ser
vices. As to dismissing her, the board has
not power to do so, unless she should be
found guilty, after due trial by the board,
on one of tne following specified charges :
Violation of rules, incompetency, insubor
dination, profanity, intemperance, un
professional or immoral conduct.
"Although at the time of Mrs. Craven's
marriage to Fair there was a rule which
retired teachers when they married I do
not believe sbe could be removed on that
ground. The Board of Education has no
moral and I believe no legal right to pass
sucn a rule, and my opinion is that it
would be held invalid in a court of law."
Director C. A. Hawiey was non-commit
tal, declining to say more tban that before
Mr-. Craven could be dismissed charges
would have to be filed and an investiga
tion Held by the board.
A PEOPLE'S PARTY ROAR
Populists Jump on Taubeneck for
Hinting at Fusion With
Democrats.
The County Executive Committee
Speaks the Local Party's Mini
on Alliances.
,
Ihe leading California Populists with
few exceptions condemn their National
chairman (Taubeneck) for his recent efforts
to get his party to abandon the graded por
tion of the road in making silver alliances,
and especially his talk which encourages
the hope that the Populists and Democratsa ts
may unite in behalf "ol silver.
The universal sentiment here is that the
Populists must be true to their party and
principles; tnat union with the Demo
crats would kill the People's party and be
absurd and impossible; that the only
union will be one with the Silver party,
which has renounced the old parties, and
that their National Convention can nom
inate nobody but a straight-out Populist. |
The People's party men think for them
selves and refuse to be bossed, and if
many of the delegates are of the mind of
those who will go from California Mr.
Taubeneck may cet a trimming down at
St. Louis wuen the National Convention
meets.
The first formal expression of disap
proval made here was made last night by
the executive committee of the County
Committee, and this expression is about
the sentiment of the State Committee.
The following resolutions, offered by Sec
retary George D. Giliespie, who is a mem
ber of the State Committee, also were dis
cussed with approval and unanimously
adopted :
Whereas, The People's party is a National
party, whose platform declares for the abo
lition of monopoly in all its heinous forms;
and whereas, the formation of this grand new
party has cost years of patient toil and great
personal sacrifices; and whereas, we
reel from the depths of our hearts that
unless the People's party principles are
put into practice and. the Government
returned to the- hands of the common
people, that despotism will rule tho lana and
tne Kepubiic be destroyed; and whereas, it is
apparent by recent publications that tue Na
tional chairmon of the People's party, H. B.
Taubeneck, has seen fit to convey the
impression that the People's party
would be willing to cast aside the
cardinal principle of anti-monopoly and di
rect legislation and assume ihe humiliating
position of being a tail to the Democratic
party kite, If the l)emocratk; pany would only
nominate a free-silver man for President of
the United States and adopt a free-silver plat
form as its pretentious creed.
Resolvtd, That we deprecate the thought thht
the National Convention of the People's party
would be willing to fuse with the Democratic
party, and its confused conglomeration of
theories of how to run the Government in the
interest of the people of these United States
and at the same time in the interest of foreign
capitalists.
Resolved, That we believe that the present
boom for free silver In the Democratic party is
based upon thj false assumption that the Pop
uh.-ts would indorse their candidate, and
nothing else.
Resolved, That we deem it entirely unwar
ranted and wnolly at variance with the true
spirit of Populism for any official or commit
tee to place themselves in the position which
should be occupied only by the National Con
vention, which will meet in St. Louis July 22,
1890.
Resolved, That nil persons who are in favor
of the tree and unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of 16 to 1, who are not Populists,
should give their allegiance to the Silver party,
which will also h<ii<l Us National Convention
it St. Louis, July 22, for we can rest assured
that there will then be formed one of the
grandest unions that has ever occurred in the
history of American politics.
•—• — * — •
Every man should read the advertisement of I
fUorcaa Blater ou page 30 of tbis paper.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
PREPARING FOR
THE FINISH FIGHT
Mr. Corbett Will Go to
Bartlett Springs for
Recuperation.
SHARKEY AS AN ACTOR.
The Sailor Lad Will Train in
the Climate Chosen for
the Fight.
IN MEXICO OR ELSEWHERE.
Th 9 Adventurous Career of Thomas
Sharkey From Ireland to the
Golden Gate.
The sporting world, with its ear to the
ground, is listening for no other news tban
that of the coming Corbett-Sharkey tight,
and from day to day the sailor (they call
him commodore now) gathers impor
tance. Th-re is talk and talk and talk
over the "finish" to take place six months
hence but stripped of its verbiage the
nude fact stands out that both men must
"build" for the event.
Sharkey must {ret some science to back
his wind, and Coroett must get wind to
| back his science.
En passant, what a composite man the
Corbett-Sharkey man is! "Well, the "Com
modore" and the "Pompado ur" will have
it out and the end will be known. In the
meantime there will be more talk and
talk and talk.
THE SAILOR LAD'S FUTURE.
Will Train In Mexico or Any Other
Place Where Ha Can Be
Acclimated.
Speaking for Sharkey Dan Lynch, his
manager, said last night tnat it had not
yet been determined where Sharkey would
begin training or when for his tight with
Corbett. In one of the underground pas
sages of the Alcazar Manager Lynch said
last night that Sharkey 's training ground
would not be chosen till it was settled, as
near as could be, where the big battle
would take place.
If it was in Mexico Sharkey would go to
some point in that country to train, where
he could become acciimatea and get into
the best condition for the contest.
In the event that the territory of the
tattle is located in salubrious Mexico,
instead of the United States, Sharkey will
t-ngage at least one Mexican sport to in
struct him through all his practice.
If the place of the contest finally appears
to be Mexico, Sharkey will devote about
live of the remaining six months to trav
eling around the country in theatricals.
He says: "It requires only from five
days to three weeks for me to get into
condition, for I am in condition nearly
all the time. I have been training for sev
eral years now, and I desire a little rest,
so that I may regain my natural energy if
I have lost an}'."
Sharkey has numerous theatrical offers
from Js'ew York, Philadelphia and Chi
cago, but he does not yet know which one,
if any, he will accept. Offers of from $100
to $.500 a week are coming his way almost
as fast as the wire;- can carry the news.
He will not accej.t any pugilistic chal
lenges, however, till the Sharkey-Corbett
fight to the finish is a thing of history.
At the theater Sharkey appeared in
green tights, and thouuh the "bouts are
friendly, he gives Needham, his trainer,
all the work he wants.
Sharkey has no time which is exclusively
his own now except in bed. Eight hours
out of the twenty-four are divided up be
tween business and visitors. It does not
make any difference whether Sharkey is
engaged in an important business proposi
tion or is on the street witn friends, his
time is fully occupied. He is inclined to
complain that he has no time to himself.
SHARKEY'S CAREER.
It Is a Panorama, and It Extends
From tha Antarctic Around
the World.
Life has its commas, its dashes, its ex
clamation points and its iuil stops. Tom
Sharkey is now at that point best ex
press d by the period or tne semi-colon,
which mean the grand divisions of things.
He has been a wanderer all the days of his
life uu to the present. He is now at the
velvet period of his career. He has had
his ups and downs, but he now poses as a
pugilistic "wonder before the glare of the
iootlights, and when off the stace and out
of sight reclines, with the purses and the
"glory" he has won, like the Caliph of
} Bagdad, on soft cushions at his case.
| hharkey's thoughts are uo more poetical
than the Equator is like the North Pole,
but after the years of storm the sunshine
has burst from the clouds, and he may
now say with the poet:
The night Rhall b" filled with music,
And tlie caics tliiu infest the day
Slml tola their tents, like the Ara'os,
And as silently steal away.
This sailor lad, without even a common
school education, is now a for him
self and lor theatrical managers. Be
tween the acts yesterday, when the lights
were low, the music hustied and the stage
in a shadow, the man who came out
grammatically and comparatively better
but pugilisticaily and superlatively best in
a four-round go with "Pompadour Jim,"
the world's champion pugilist, related
some incidents of his career.
Sharkey has been shipwrecked, frozen
at the south pole, hungry, desperate and
self-dependent, and he has, which he con
siders of greater credit than anything else,
"licked" every man and boy whom he
ever faced from Dundalk, County Loutb,
Ireiand, where he was born in November,
1872, to San Francisco and June 23, 1896.
The sailor lad ran away from his home
in Dundalk when he was 10 years old. He
kissed his mother one night more af
fectionately than usual, and his share of
the peat piled up on the hearth was a
little larger than usual, and that night
whiie the moon shone full on the green
isle's "Jakes and rills" the boy slipped
quietly from his couch and the next morn
ing was a seaman's appientice aboard the
good ship Madeline Ann, bound across
the stormy English Channel. He was as
wet with dashing foam as he was full of
ambition before the end of his first voyage.
"The sailor lad" was eighteen montns
in the coastwise trade around the British
isles. Then he sailed away for Calcutta,
and before he finally returned to the
mouth of the Tharufes he had touched at
Hongkong and Nagasaki. Sharkey has
been around the world. Port Said, Syd
ney, Rio de Janeiro, Cape Horn and the
Cape of Good Hope are as familiar to him
as the Golden Gate.
Sharkey is one of fifteen children. His
father, mother and the whole family are
all aliv. He has been back home only
once since he left it in the moonlight
fourteen years ago, but he said yesterday
tli ut if he heated Corbett in the coming
contest, which means at least $40,000 in
pocket, ne would be homeward bound
again, and, in addition to his presence,
otherwise cheer his parents' declining
years. Even in the bloodiest battles of
life there is some pathos and some
affection.
Klboard the XJTT i'hila-l
delphia, on which ho first sailed into San
Francisco harbor in 1894, Sharkey was
"master of arms." That means a sort of
policeman. Among other things it is the
duty of the master of arms to see that no
man leaves the ship without leave and
that no whisky is smuggled aboard in
canteens or oilcans. This is a responsible
position, and, while Sharkev says he was
hot hard on the boys, the official record of
his department show that he did his whole
duty.
Men aboard a man-of-war love no other
tune so well as a nianial one. The waltz
thrills, but the time, the tone and spirit of
battle and the march enthuse. The true
soldier does not shun battle in any form.
Accordingly it is related of Admiral
Beardslee that when he heard of Sbarkey's
first battle with Allen, he said: "They
are in the navy to fight. If they want to
fight let them." This increased "the saiior
lad's admiration for his admiral.
When Sharkey spoke of Quartermaster
Hermann, now at Santa Cruz with the
Philadelphia, he did so with a smile. He
says Hermann is a friend of his, and is a
good sport as well as a good soldier. From
Sharkey it was learned, though he was
unable to furnish any of the particulars,
that Hermann has a patent ou a gun for
which he was offered $10,000, a patent on
a bicycle for which be was offered $5000,
an invention on puncbing-bascs and their
platforms, which is a good thing, and that
Hermann is not only, in the language of
Mark Twain, an "ingenious cuss," but a
man who has the $10,000 to back Sharkey
that he said he had and would put up.
The future "coming champion, be
sides cutting ice off the rigging of the
ship George Howes in latitude 64 south, in
which latitude they found themselves be
cause the captain had not been able to see
the sun for a week, had his hands, feet,
nose and ears frozen in the work. He
took a course of treatment for frozen flesh
from the ship's medicine chest when he
got north into warmer air.
Sharkey was never licked at school. He
conquered all comers, and by so doing ex
cited not only the envy but the designing
strategy of his schoolmates and of the
other boys of the village. Once or twice
the boy who is to go ud against the cham
pion of the world in the next six months
was decoyed int« a field, he says, and set
upon by four or five boys whom he had
licked singly. Sharkey said: "They did
not job me a bit. 1 licked them all. Pretty
soo:i they gave up tryine to lick me."
Sharkey was in a shipwreck off Sydney
Heads, Australia, in 1887. Then he went
into tbe Australian uold mines in their
excitinc time. He did not make his for
tune there and again took to the sea. He
was wrecked again off St. Johns, New
Brunswick, anu was four days adrift on a
lumber-laden Dutch ship bound frona
Quebec for London. They had to throw
the deck lumber overboard to save them
selves and the ship's stores were soaked
with the briny.
Once, when coming across the Atlantic,
Sharkey was pitched from a boat in tbe
davits to the deck and, plunging head
long against a steam windlass, broke his
jaw. >*o fist has ever done the same.
Having ieasted on yellow-back litera
ture Sharkey started out in the East Indies
to hunt Indians. "When askea for the par
ticulars of the expedition Sharkey laughed,
looked foolish and declined to relate them,
from which it is inferred that the sailor
lad is more successful in making sparring
matches for $10,000 a side than he is in
BOklping Indians in foreign pans under a
torrid sun. His trainer, Danny Xeedham,
could not be prevailed upon to relate the
story either. Sharkey gave him the other
eye.
CORBETT'S PLANS.
He Will Go to Bartlett Springs and
Regain Strenftth and Condition
Speedily.
Mr. and Mrs. Corbett went out to
spend last evening with friends. .Realiz
ing the importance of getting into con
dition early, the chaniDion went to bed
last night as early as 11:30 o'clock. He
will leave next Tuesday morning for
Bartlett Springs and begin getting into
condition at once. Mrs. Curbett m*y ac
company him to the Sr' r t n KS, but beyond
that period the champion will have the
most of the time to himself and get into
the best possible condition.
The champion knows that the scientific
degree of his sparring is all right, but he
recognizes that his stamina requires some
cultivation. If Corbett does not put Shar
key out in their finish fight for $10,000 a
side there will be much money and more
confidence lost on the champion pugilist
oi the worid.
After Corbett visits the springs and
amoii|; California friends a few»Sweel£3
more he may go back to Asbury Park,
N. J-, to go into training. The champion
recognizes that he will require much good
food and rest, in addition to his training,
and that the actual hard work of getting
into condition may be accomplished in a
coupJe of months.
NEARING FINANCIAL FREEDOM.
Good "Work Accomplished by the Ofll-
rials uf the V. ML C. A.
Largely througn depreciation of assets
relied upon in the erection of the new
building of the Young Men' 3 Christian As
sociation the board of management found
themselves about a year ago subject to an
indebtedness of $150,000. In order to raise
this amount they organized an aggressive
canvass, soliciting subscriptions for the
| cancellation of the floating indebtedness
| and the balance due on the new building.
The solicitation lor funds was made with
the condition that no [.ledges would be
binding or collectible until at leastsloo,ooo
of the $150,000 was secured.
On Monday evening, June 15, it was
announced to the board of directors of
the association that this amount had been
| pledged wljicli * - oul'i make the $100,000
collectible; and, in fact, nearly $50,000 of
the amount has boen paid in during the
past week and the balance will be forth
coming immediately. The institution will
need at least $60,000 more in order to can
cel all indebtedness and dedicate the
building entirely free of lncumbrance,
and the efforts of the trustees and di
rectors will not be relaxe 1 until the entire
amount is wiped out. The following cir
cular ietter, signed by J. J. Valentine,
president, and H. J. McCoy, general becre
tary, has been sent every member of the
association :
To the Mevibers of the Toting Men's ChriHian
Association, San Francisco, Cal.: In June. 1895,
the hoard ot management of the association
undertook to raise Dy subscription $150,000
to meet the indebtedness then outstanding
against the institution, jledges payable on
condition that no money would be called for
until #100,000 was subscribed. On Monday
evening, June 15, It was announced at the
meeting of the boards of directors a::d trustees
that the latver sum had been i ledged, leaving
a balance of $50,000 (with accumulated iuter
est) yet to be secured.
Taking a retrospective view of the situation
we realize that the raising of the remainder
will be ii harder task even than the securing of
the $100,000, which is now collectible, yet ihe
board o! management will not cease their ef
forts until the entire indebtedness Ik paid and
the property of the association and the wel
fare of the work assureu. Until this result is
reached it has been unanimously decided that
under no circumstances shall lurther debt be
incur red ,/and that the current expenses of the
association must be met by revenues derived
from rentals within the building, membership
fees and such special donations as may be ex
pecied from interested friends.
In order to do this each month the member
ship of the association should and must be
greatly increased, as this is one of the princi
pal sources of necessary regular income. We
urge every member to assist us immediately
by bringing into the Association at least one
new member. We believo this can be done,
and ii accomplished, as it certainly ought to
b", it will place the association, so far as
ordinary expenses are concerned, in fairly
easy circumstances. We trust every member
will heed this appeal and Lestir himsalf now
to assist In doubling the membership of the
association.
A grand ma3s-meeting of members will
take place at the association parlors next
Tuesday evening, June 30, for the purpose
of arousing new interest and largely in
creasing the membership.
Champion Sharkey Will Umpire.
At Sixteenth and Folsom street baseball
grounds to-day Sharkey will umpire the after
noon game. •
THE CONTRACTORS
ARE CONDEMNED
Verdict of Coroner's Jury
in the Fifth - Street
Fatality.
THEY WERE CARELESS.
The Architect and Original Con
tractor Especially at
Fault.
THE EVIDENCE CONFLICTING.
Employes of the Various Con
tractors Hear Things
Differently.
Coroner Hawkins commenced an in
vestigation into the disaster on Fifth
street by which four lives were lost
through the collapse of a building last
Monday.
S. Kelly, owner of the collapsed build
ing, testified as to letting the contract for
its repair to Sibley & Gleason, and that
Sibley bad charge of the excavation.
A. 0. Lutgens, an expert, testified that
he was a contractor and had considerable
experience in that line of business. He
was of the opinion that gross carelessness
had been displayed in the bracing of the
building.
He explained that from all appearances
the jackscrews supporting the building had
slipped to one side, thus allowing the
bu<lding to fall.
On the Bouth side, facing Mint avenue,
laterai braces bad been placed, resting
against the cradles. In the opinion of the
witness such braces were wrongly placed
and not sufficient to fulfill the work re
quired of them.
John Sullivan and M. S. Stratton cor
roborated Lutgens.
L. B. Sibley, the grader who made the
excavation under the building, was called.
He did not commence work, he said, until
the house had been raised by Contractor
Gieason. Tnen he excavated around the
old foundation, bracing the basement wall
as he proceeded. Several braces were put
in, he said, from the wall to the cribs
with the permission of the house-mover.
These braces, he believed, were safe
and strong enough to hold much more
weight then was placed upon them. "The
sand," said Mr. Sibley, "was damp and
should have been held up by its own con
sistency. I don't think there was force
enough on these braces to upset the equi
librium of the building. The height of
the building itseif was great enough to
overcome any tendency of the sand to
crowd the wall inward. Besides these
braces there were several supports from
the ground to the wall.
The Coroner subjected the witness to a
close cross-examination on this point, but
he stated positively that the braces were ;
in place and that be had seen them since
the disaster.
Here Sibley was excused, and Engineer
Fhaughnessey being called flatly contra
dicted Sibley on the position ot tlie an
gular braces.
This contradiction led to the jury pay
ing a visit to the premises.
On their return Architect Koliofrath,
being examined as to the weight of the
chimney on the south side, said it would
be between five and six tons. This, how
ever, was supported by three shores or
needles.
Sibley was again called and asked as to
the height of the cellar and the manner in
which the bulkhead was braced.
He said the timbers used were 2x12 and
ten feet long, while the braces were GxG
and braced from both ends.
He did not notice any braces under the
chimney. The sills were sufficiently strong
to support the building.
Matthew Kelleher, houae-raiser, was ex
amined.
He observed one brace from the lateral
to the shoe. He could not say if the brac
ing was ail that was necessary, because
conditions might alter and no two cases
would be alike.
His opinion was that the brick wall
which was being set on the north side of
the basement had a good deal to do with
the accident, and to his mind this was the
cause, as the water washed away the sand
upon which the cradle rested.
Ellis Davis, a colored man. who was
Sibley's foreman, was examined. He was
under the building at the time of the col
lapse. He described how the bracing was
done aeain^t ;he rustic and not aga nst
the studding. He considered ir, to be
Glcason's business to see that the building
was properly braced up from the outside.
Y. Gleason, who had the sub-contract to
support the house on silts during the
time that the brick foundation whs being
put in, explained how he secured the
building, which was on the same principle
as houses are moved along the streets, and
in this condition he said it was perfectly
safe.
He attributed the accident to the care
lessness of Sibley in placing t;e braces
which supported the bulkhead on the
Mint-avenue side against the cradles upon
which the weight of the building rested.
Those braces tripped the house, so to
sp"ak, nnd caused it to fall.
He ha i caut oned Davis acainst putting
the brnces in that position, and, in fact, he
was so an^ry that he 9wore at him and
told him to brace his bulkhead wi h slant
ing timbers and when he had it secured to
take those that were against the cradles
away. He was positive that that was what
caused the disaster.
The Coroner nail Davis recalled to ques
tion him on this conversation, but the
man of color denied it point blank. This
brought Gleason to the witness - chair
airain, when he positively affirmed his
previous testimony.
Arthur Miller and Michael Howard, who
worked for Sibley, were examined as to
their conversation, but they heard noth
ing.
Harvey McGowan and Dennis Sullivan,
both of wLoni worked for Gieason, corrob
orated their employer in his testimony re
garding nis statement about Davis and the
braces.
E. Jewett was one of the men who was
under the building at the time of its col
lapse. His attention was attracted by
hearing one of the juckscrews fall from
its position on top of the cradle on the
side next to Mint avenue. When he saw
it fall he ran and sav*d his life.
Florin Bailey corroborated the last wit
ness on seeing the screw fall, and he, too,
ran out.
Cornelius Cronin, a brick-cleaner, said
that the braces put between the bulkhead
and the cradles knocked the pinnins from
under the house and caused it to fall.
This ended the testimony, and after
some hours' deliberation a verdict was re
turned which, after stating the situation
in legal form, condemned the contractors
in the following language:
We further lind that the architect, E. Kolio
frath, and the original contractor of the build
ing, Adam Miller, while said building was un
dergoing repairs and alteration;, were clearly
at fault and In error for allowing the bracing
to be done in what we consider a dangerous
and faulty manner, and in not ordering said
faulty bracing removed, and properly and
safely replaced by other and more effective
bracing.
We also consider that the house-mover. P.
Gleasou, was at fault, for the reason of allow
ing what he considered unsafe bracing placed
against his work.
We further hold that the excavator, L. B.
Sibley, was negligent and careless in placing
brae, s against the cribs, sills and hoes, and
should have made all his braces independent
of them.
We fina that the above parties are guilty of
blame for exercising undue negligence and
carelessness in pursuance of their wort, and
we believe that with proper care and judg
ment the accident could have been
avoided by all the parties interested in the re
pairs to the premises and we hereby charge
the above parties with gross carelessness.
The following composed the jury: I).
Ross (foreman), J. Gallinger, F. Mc-
Gaughey, J. Erlanger, R. Gilbert, H. W.
Rulison, A. E. Martinitte, Max Loebner.
F. Zan.
A Reactionary Play.
The long-threatened reaction seems to
be setting in against the problem piay in
London. "Rosemary," a play which
Charles Windham ha 3 just produced, is an
idyl, an exact opposite to the problem
play; it is full of roses and sentiment, and
the old-time picturesquenessof sixty years
ago. "Rosemary" has achieved a great
success.
For three acts it is June of 1837, a time
of sliort-waisted coats of green and blue
and brown, with shiny buttons and white
waistcoats much in evidence, of red-lined
cloaks, white bats, and snuff-boxes for the
men, and for the women mid-parted hair
and ringlets, sleeves exuberantly topped
and bonnets almost — if it is to be con
ceived—more Hideous than the present.
And the story fits its setting; it is slight
and in a way old-fashioned and very
simple and all its characters the oldest
friends.
This one begins with an elopement and
NEW TO-DAY.
DOCTOR SWEANY
The Old Doctor, the Skilled Surgeon,
The Conqueror of All Chronic, Nervous and Special Diseases.
The Greatest Boon on Earth to Man
and Woman is Health.
The Glory of Man is His The Ambition of Woman
Strength. is Her Beauty.
Both Conditions Can Be Acquired.
The same foundation must be laid to build upon to reach the two conditions, viz.:
Strength and Beauty; and tnat foundation is health; with health the mind teems
with vivacity and freshness, the body is active and strong, ana both the physical and
mental being are alive to and in touch with everything which makes life bright, joy-
ous and happy.
Alarming Facts.
It is an alarming fact that three-fourths
of the men are lost to ail the attributes
which make the strong, brave ai.d noble
man. They are prematurely old and dis-
eased throueh excesses or unnatural i
strains which sap the fountains of life, de- I
stroy the health and strength, and finally ;
result in physical wreck. These poor vic-
tims, loaded with disease, remorse and
humiliation, silently suffer on, going from
bad to worse, until death closes the sad
scene. Muscular strength and manly
power are both based upon the one condi-
tion, and that condition is health. With
health all tbe essential organs of the body i
are capable of performing their functions
properly, producing mental brightness,
manly vigor and muscular Dower. Disease
robs the blood of its richness, tears down
the constitution ana destroys the mental
as well as the physical man.
But the Noble Work of Doctor Sweany, the World's Greatest Specialist,
Has convinced the greater part of the people of the civilized world that nine-tenths
of the chronic or lingerin : diseases of both men and women can be thoroughly and per-
manently cured. In :is treatment of tne following ailments, as well as ail special
nervous and nrivate diseases, he has been remarkably snecessful in effecting perma-
nent cures:
L'lltVrW Inflammation of the kidneys,
iitl'.lLl *. Bright's disease, diabetes, conges-
tion of the Kidneys, uraemia, gravel, stone,
all scientifically and successfully treated.
OI 1 llfirD Inflammation, cystitis, cyster-
iHjAlMrMl. rhen, catarrh of the bladder.
The distressing. diseases invariably yield to
my system of treatment..
H'l?l*l r AI T S lil'PJI ITV" And all its attending
illiitlOllS UfiblLl I I ailments, both of
young and middle-aged men. The awful ef-
fects of neglected or improperly treated cases
producing weakness of body and brain, dizzi-
ness, fallinsr memory, lost vitality, lack of
energy and confidence, varicocele, gleet,
pains and other distressing symptoms, unfit-
ting one for study, business or enjoyment of
life.
fir in Neuralgia, sick, nervous or conges-
-11 Ml', tive headache, dull, full feeling, loss
of memory, dizziness, softening of the brain,
tumors and eczema of scalp. ; .
TUP. AIT Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
lnilv.ilt chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
sils and palate hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
I HYfiy "Consumption in the first and second
Llliiuij. stages, hemorrhages and chronic
bronchitis, dry and loose cough, pains in
chest, difficulty in breathing, nepatizations,
asthma, etc.
lIFIPT Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
llli.tU 1. heart, dropsy and rheumatism of I
heart, languid circulation, etc. * '
You Can Be Cured at Home. SoS^ffSii^iifii 1 !;
office will WRITE to him their troubles plain. and candidly in their own words he
will then understand their condition, and can pive such advice as may be necessary in
their case, and should they then desire his professional services proper. treatment will
be sent them to effect a positive -and permanent cure. No incurable cases taken.
Correspondence strictly confidential. Address
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
the breakdown of the inevitable postchaise.
The lovers are sheltered for the night by a
hospitable, scatter-brained baronet, who is
nearing middle age; and who. by the odd
est coincidence, gives a like shelter that
same night to the father and motberof the
lady runaway. Then the baronet falls in
love with the bright and teasing girl, wbo
tills his bachelor ball with youth and color
and music; she is a desperate little fl.rt,
and makes her boy lover even more furious
than his wont when their gallant host,
having won the consent of the old people
to this runaway match, does his best to
break It off by making violent love on the
box seat as he drives the whole party to
see the coronation.
In London there is a lovers' quarrel; but
the older man — for whom, indeed, the girl
cares nothing — Lives up the fight at the
urging of an honest old friend, and goes
back to his loneliness.
This ends the play proper, but an epi
logue, charmingly conceived, shows us the
bachelor of 90 come to the same innroom
to see the rejoicing of the jubilee year of
1887, dimly rememberine the past across
this long half tentury. It is a sad scene,
of necessity recalling one of those dismal
tontine dinners to which groups of club
men of grewsome fancy were wont to
doom themselves — a scene which gives to
the whole play something of a wearied and
half-cynical moral; but it has an idea,
wnich is much, and its idea, its contrast
with the idyl that has gone before, is true
drama — which is more and rarer.
The terrible exposures made by Gordon
in 1879 of the cruelties practiced in the
Egpptian slave caravans aroused all
Europe, and compelled the dealers to be
more circumspect. Still, no year passes
without tne entry of great numbers of
ebony-skinned slave girls into the harema
of Cairo and Alexandria.
Distressing Thoughts.
It is a distressing thousrht to learn from
medical statistics that seven-tenths of the
women of this vast country are suffering
from some chronic ailment, and in most
cases that ailment is peculiar to her sex.
With that fortitude wiiich oniy the true
woman possesses, she uncomplainingly
suffers on day after day, ye-, year after
year, with the false hope that nature will
some time remedy her trouble and restore
her health. With tbe great love for beauty
which every woman desires, she, with
paints, powders and lotions, tries in vain
to cover up the lines and defects which the
cruel work of disease has wrought in her
once beautiful face. There is but one foun-
dation for beauty, and that is heaith.
Health produces a mind teeming with wit,
the bright, sparkling eye, the rosy cheek
and the plump and well-rounded form.
With heaith the whole world is a world of
sunshine. With disease it is a dark,
gloomy, prison-like abode.
VTAMiriF Catarrh, ulceration and' acid
vlTlittil. dyspepsia, indigestion, pain and
fullness after eating, heartburn, water brash
and difficulty in swallowing.
HTTP SPI WX All diseases of the liver,
LllLll, 01 LFiL.I. spleen, bowels, all nerv-
ousness and reflex disorders, rheumatism and
all skin diseases, eczema, salt rTieum, ring-
worm, hip-joint disease,' old sore«, fever sores,
stiff join;, bare !ip, spinal irritation, nervous
prostration.
RI PTI Piles, fistula and all swellings
IIIJI I LIIL. and tendencies quickly cured
without pain or. detention from business.
HEART, BRAIX AND SERVES. ?„?»
dizziness of the head and palpitation of the
heart, difficult' breathing and suffocating feel-
ing, fullness of the head, a tired, irritable, dis-
contented feeling and fear of impending dan-
ger or death, a dread of being alone, or the re-
verse—desire to be alone; if your' memory is
failing and you are gloomy and despondent, or
if you dream much and often and feel an aver-
sion to society, you are suffering from a serious
disease of the nerves, brain and heart. You
have no time to lose. Call at once and COX-
SULT THIS EMINENT SPECIALIST.
MKFJSFS OF WMF\ T If you are suffer-
l'l I JIJ.-l>ilit3 \fl llU.ilLii. ing from any of
the diseases peculiar to your sex, such a* jail-
ing or displacement of the womb, inflamma-
tion or ulceration, bloating, headaches, spinal
weakness, call or write to him and he will tell
you just what can be done for you.
1112
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San FrancliCO Ck\.\~ \
,'lO Market street, open until 12 o'clock ever)
nigm in the year.
BRANCH offices— 63o Montgomery street
rornerClay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until .9:3o o'clock.
718 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, op«
Bntll 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
mrsp> FIRST CHUBCH OF CHBIST, SCIBN-
Bt^^tist-^ervices at 11 A. M. in Beethoven Hall,
•«S6 Posi St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
1 1 ssons. International Series. Subject: '• Review. ■
"Science and Health" study Thursday, it 8 p.
!»., in Golden West Hail, 320 Post street. All
.in welcome. ■ '
j,-^ C'ALVARV PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
!fc3§? corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. John
Thill. I'D., pastor. Pastor Birch, Ph.D.. will
Sea. h»t 11 a. m. and 7:45 F. M. 'i oplc morning,
■ Himself for You and Me"; evening. "Never De-
spair." Morning music: "Te Denm," arranged
from ••Elijah" (Dudley Buck): offertory, contralto
solo and [ 4 naru >, -O That My Load of sin Were
Gone'" (Camp*. Iveing service: "Benedicte
• n -11 •■ '" in g (Gerrish): offertory, tinor solo,
••Hi. u Lonir, O Lord" (Dudley Buck), D. M. Law-
rence. Ail are cordially Invited.
ttr^S' P l~Tm "cTut" H coxgrega PIONA l,
ifc^ church. Post st. bet. Buchanan and Web-
ster-Rev. W. D. Williams, D.D., pastor. Preach-
ing at 11 a.m. and 7:45 P. M. >uiiday-schools,
9:811 a. if. and 1-2:30 p.m. Christian Endeavor,
6:30 P. m. Morning sermon, '-Heaven— In-
li unit ants and Employments"; evening sermon,
■•.Manliness, False and True." Strangers are wel-
come. ____^
Sss= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH
W3? Fifteenth St.. near Mission— Rev. William
Rsder, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. Rev. L. H. Hallock, D.D., formerly of the
Kirs; Congregational Church of Tacoma, will
preach at both services. Music by chorus choir
under direction of William C. Stadtfeld : "Guide
Me, o Thou Great Jehovah" (Bruche); "O Lamb
of God" (stainer); "Hear, O Lord" (Watson);
••Brightest and Best" (Rubinstein); "Jesus, Lover
of My -oul" (Tisber). male quartet. All are cor-
dially invited.
B^g= JSEV. CH A RLES O. BROWN. D.D..WILL
lSZ£r preach in Golden Gate (main) Hall, 625 sut-
terst., at 11 a.m.; theme, "lhe Power of Com-
munion"; 7:45 p.m.: them*, "Be Reasonable.'
Sunday-school at Ip. m. Y. P. S. C. K. at 6:30
)■. m. (upper hall)." Mrs. Dr. Guild's Bib.c class
in the left parlor. A choral choir under the direc-
tion of Mr. James Hamilton Howe. All are cordi-
ally invited, especially strangprs.
RSS= FIRST "uxTtarTaN CHURCH, COR-
tt~"6 r ncr Geary and Franklin sis.— Rev. Horatio
Mebbins, D.D.. minister: William O. Eliot Jr.,
t.F&ociate. Services a: 11 a. it. All are cordially
invited.
BTS=- SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
if-j'"' ncr of Twentieth and CapiJ sts.— A. J. Wells,
pastor, services at 11 a. m. and 7:45 P. m. The
pastor will preach in the morning on '-Looking
Jowardthe Light," and at ni^ht on -'The Open
Mind." Mr. Wells will be out of the City during
July, and the church services will be suspended
until August -. ,>eats are tree and all are welcome.
J£~3s= FIRS T~"~C HRISTIAN CHURCH,
HP'S' I'welita St.. near Howard— Preaching at 11
a. m. by W. B. Berry. Lecture at 8:0j p. m. by
JKev. George F. Hall, the famom pulpit orator and
platform lecturer ot Decatur, 111.; saDject, "The
Greatest Book in tbe World." Sunday-school at
9:30 a. m. üblic cordially invited.
tf .^- MORMON APOSTLES. — JOoKPH fT
&«-»' Smith of the Presidency or" the Mormon
Church and Anrani H. Cannon, one of the twelve
apostles, will speak in Pythian Castle, 909 Market
street, at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p. m. All are invited
to attend the services. No collection.
~~E2F~THIi XOl'JvD EVANGELIST, Rfc.V.
LFjS' Me'.vin Putnam, will begin a protracted
meeting at the West Side Christian Church, on
Bush street, near Devisadero, a. 11 a. m., to con-
tinue indefinitely. Praise service will begin each
evening promptly at 8 o'clock. - ermou at 8:16.
There will be excellent singing by a large choir of
voices.
tf^S* DIVINE SCIENCE SERVICES AT
lr-i"* Home College, 3360 seventepn:h si., bet
Valencia ami Mission, at 2:30 P. .«.: discourse by
M. E. <. rimer; subject -How to Harmonize Our
Environments."
»255=- IJIK THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY —
It"*'- Free public lecture eyery Sunday evening at
8 o'clock. To-night Miss Marie A. Walsh will lec-
ture in Shasta Hall. Native Sons' building. Sub-
jec, "Steps Along the Patu to Occu.tism." Lodge
meetings every Wednesday evening in the socie-
ty's new headquarters, Native sons' building. All
are welcome.
KB" THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - .FREE
i"*" public lectuie every Sunday evening at 320
Post st. 7:45 o'clock. To-night, "Two Ser-
pents," by >.. William*.
SUNDAY MIiJETIJN'G.
f?Ei?~~ATT"SRING "sun"-
-•""-^ day, June 28. at 2:30 P. M. t>rand physical
manifestation of spirit phenomenon and tnde-
pen lent slate-writing by BishOD Garrison; admis-
sion 25c. Meeting at 7:30 p.m. Messages from
spirit by Mrs. Kate Heussmanu and other
mediums. Admission 10c.
CALIFORNIA PSYCHICAL society—
it**' Mr. J. J. Morse will deliver the last of the
present open course of lectures at Red Men's Hall,
Union square, this evening at 8 o'clock. Subject,
"Occultism: In Relation to Religion, Science ana
Morals." Admission free.
JtrS= AT DR. RIN-ES' SPIRITUAL MEET-
»~-^ ing, 909 Market St., 11 a. m., 2 and 8 p. m.,
circle and platform tests. Mmes. Seeley, Dunham,
Drs. Tobias, Bird, Harland, Fix, R. A. Stltts. Of-
fice 1236 Market St., room 35; 10 to 5.
|jE~"s= AT «97 MARKET ST.— FIRST PRO-
tm^S' press! ve Spiritual Church. 11 a. m. test de-
veloping circle; 2 P. M.. spirit messages, full
names given. Mmes. Katie Henssmann, Dun-
ham; Mr. ilan<>en 8 if. si., address by Mrs. Smith,
test trance medium. Tests, flowers read, Mr*.
McKee Warren and others.
iF3p D~R. ROBBIXS' LKCTORES to-night
m>&.- 0:1 "After Death, What Next?" the sick
healed, mediums developed, written questions an-
swered, convincing tests. Washington Hall. 36y
Ed.ly st., 8 p. m. Circle tickets, magnetized paper
and admission free
EDWARD K. EARLE, THE WELL-
"S^» known and popular test medium, will ap-
pear to-nigut at s o'clock at SCOTTISH HALL,
Larkin st., opp. City Hall, to demonstrate his won-
dcrfui psyche powers. Admission 10c.
BF]s= OAKLAND" PSYCHICAL SOCIETY AT
&--*' Fraternal Hall, Washington st. Mme.
Montague wlil lecture, answer questions and give
readings; intellectual subject. .
LADIES'- AID MEETING TO-NIGHT.
&*& 110 Hayes St.: short talks, Mrs. Hendee,
RoJeers and Julia Schlesinger: tests, Mrs. Drew
and Place: free. -.^'.^t,;
»^3P CHILDREN'S lyckum AND SPIrIt"
m~& ual Library, 10:30 to 12. 909 Market st.
Social. Friday, the 31. - . , ; 1; -. .
(Fgp^ADDiK SWAIN'S CIRCLE TO-NIGHT,
»-^ both sexes: no fee except a gift. 14 Mc-
Allister st.
BSqg* C. V. MILLER'S LAST 2 SEANCES, TO-
b^, night and to-morrow,B 0'c10ck, 535 Post. 50c
jj^g= MRS. SHRINE PA KLOR TEST ClR-
»^d' c ie to-night, 10c; sittinssdaily. 311VanNfss.
9T~5=" MRS. KGGERT AITKEN, cLTlRVOY-
tt'^y ant, removed »20 McAllister; sittings dally.
IKS' AT 111 LARKIN -- MME. YOUNG'S
*~- test-meeting to-night: 10c; large orchestra.
NOTICE OF. MEETINGS.
jjtsg= CROCKETT LODGE NO. 139, f! 11~
&-& and A. M.— Officers and members _j^k_
are requested to at end the funeral of our"^"*?
late brother, GEORG -. D. HARkIS, from /V*
our hail, 121 Eddy s:.. on SUNDAY, June 28, at
1:80 p. m By oroer of the W. M.
r H. FORTR I Secretary.
ip^S=" FIDELITY' LOMJE, NO.
t* : -& 222, I. O. O. X, MONDAY'^^"aSSgL
EVENING, June 29. Important bust- : B~S'<&."5"F
ness. W.S. MATHEWS, X.G. "^lw^
■ I. H. .Vaxpy BoGrin, Sec
tt^SP EUREKA BEXEVOLENT ASSOCIA-
m^& tion. The members of the Eureka Benevo-
lent Association are respectfully requested to at-
tend the semi-annual meeting, to be held SUN-
DAY. June 28, 1896, at 10 a. - m., at office of the
secretary- 106 Stockton st., room 24. By order
. . ' . ' - LEO ELOEbSiJR, sec.
ECS* GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING AT
l~*~»" Metropolitan Temple SUNDAY, June 28;
3f.il Address by EawarJs J.'avis, the eminent
Oakland orator: subject, "New America"; pre-
lude by A. M. Russell: admission, 10 cents.
it's 3 REGULAR -MEETING OF v C 7 >T
lS^ 1 the Caledonian Club, FRIDAY Jli^
EVENING, July 3, at 8 o'clock. It is «vW
important that every member should be 'fe^%
present. Business of special importance will be
brought forward. Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin st
• D. R. McN KILL, Chief.
. Jamks H. Dokcak, Secretary.
f%> S. F. SCOTTISH I'HISTLK . r> ■>,
&*j^ Club will hold their 14th annual 3V. TkSh
gathering and games at Shell Mound ~<Nx~!l!kj?
IVrk Saturday, July 4. A programme '•tS'*
of events has been prepared which has seldom if
ever been excelled by this or any club on the
roast. .Valuable medals and cash prizes for all the
events. Scottish games and Scottish dancing will
lie the main ieatures of the gathering, interspersed
wltlihornplpes, Irish reel and jig contests, foot-
ball, dribbling. ■ obstruction races, hurdle shck
races, bicycle races, etc., etc. Highland pipers and
h. Highland welcome at shell Mound July 4. Buy
tickets for Shell Mound. AdmUslon: Adults 511 c,
children 25c GAMES COMMITTEE.
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
— "AI?jrrME*ADOWB" ■IS*"*NOT
iSSe' connected with Bauer's law . Collection
Office from this date. J. J. BAUER.
jjtis= .ALL~PERSONS HAVING SERVED AS
I**" 6^ jurors i" criminal cases will find it to their
interest to call at room 18, 230 Montgomery st
J. P. DAME RON.
jKS» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR »4:
W~£? mUeciions made, city or. country. Pacific
Collection Co., 416 Montgy st, room 6. Tel. 6580.
fr-ay ABANDONED CHILDREN IN ST*
fS^S? Joseph's Infant Orphan Asylum since Jan-
nary 1, 1893: Robert Butler. age 5 years; Bessie
Butter, age 4 years; Charles Connolly, age 6 years;
Mary Fagalda, age 3 years: James Fagalda, age 1
year:. Eddie McCarthy, age 6 years; Alice Mc-
Carthy, age 6 years; Nathan Burloggi, : age 3
years. ■ ' ■ - -■' " : ~ ' ■ •
wEjgP DRS. iIOL^MAN AND"LINQUIST—
m<& ' moved to 1370 Market st ; poor treated free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
l "sA I VINGS^A l Nkr222
~l~~*^ Monteomery st. Mills Building. Dividends
on term deposits at the rate of four and thirty-two
one hundredths (4 32-100) per cent per annum,
and on ordinary deposits at the rate of three and
six-tenths (3 6-10) per cent per annum for th.- half
year ending-June 30, 1896. will be payable free of
taxes on and after July 1, 1896.
B.L. ABBOT JR., Sec
m^S= DIVIDEND NOTICc— THE COLUM-
»36' bian Banking Company, 236 Bush St., for
the half year ending June 30, 1896, has declared a
dividend of tf per cent per annum on the paid-up
capital, payable on and after July 1, 1896. I
. , . c. O. PERRY, Cashier.
l»^g=> DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAVINGS AND
I£ ; *' Loan Society, 101 Montgomery »'-. corner
Sntter. For the half-year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
thirty-. wo one hundredths (4.52) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and sixty one-
hundredihs (3.60) per cent per annum on ordinary
deposits, free of taxes, payable on and after
Wednesday, July 1. 1896. Dividends not called
for are added to and bear the same rate of dividend
as the principal, from and after July 1, 1896.
CYRUS W. CARMAN Y, Cashier.
jff^S= DIVIDEND NOTICE.— THK GERMAN
Ur^& Savings and Loan Society, 626 California
St.— For the half year ending June 30, 1896, a
dividend has been declared at the rate of four and
twenty-six hundredth* (4 26-100) percent per an-
num on term deposits, and three and fifty-five
hundredths (3 55-100) per cent per annum on
ordinary deposits, tree of taxes, payable on and
aiter Wednesday, July 1. 1896.
GKO. TOURNEY. Secretary.
S^3p DIVIDEND NOTICE— MUTUAL SAV-
m^& ings Bank of San Francisco, 33 Post st— For
the half year ending June 30, 1896, a dividend has
been declared at the rate of 'our (4) per cent per
annum on term deposits and three and one-third
(3. 331/3) per cent on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, payable on and after WEDNESDAY, July
1, 1896. GEO. A. STORY, Cashier.
B^3S=» HUMBOLDT SAVINGS AND LOAN
m^S' Society, .18 Geary si The directors have
declared the following semi-annual dividends:
4.32 per cent per annum on term and 3.60 percent
per annum on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after July 1, 1896.
ERNEST BRAND, Secretary.
BESS" DIVIDEND NOTICE— SAN FRANCISCO
85?-^ [Savings Union, 632 California St., comer
Webb. For the half year ending with the 30lh of
June, 1896. a dividend has been declared at the
rate per annum of four and thirty-two one hun-
dredth* (4 32-100) per cent on term deposits and
three and slxfy one-hundreaths (3 60-100) per
cent on ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable on
and after Wednesday, the Ist of July, 1896.
LOVELL WHITE, cashier.
SITUATIONS (VANTED-FEMALE.
THIRST-CLASS GERMAN AND SWEDISH
XJ cooks and girls for upstairs work want situa-
tions. Call or address the Swedish and German
Employment Bureau, 315 Sutterst.
riH> HOUSEWIVES— THE COLUMBIA EM-
-1 ploymeot Agency, 128 Fourth st., furnishes
the very best help at short notice. Telephone
black 1353.
TyUMBER OF FIRST-CLASS GIRLS A WAIT-
1> ing situations at MRS. HIRD'S. 721 Ellis st.
p ERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE A PLACE
' J to do general housework and assist with cook-
Ing. Apply at 217 Eddy st
SITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH
0 woman to do general housework; is a good
cook. Call Monday or address 29 Lafayette st,
care of Rev. C. A. Andersen, pastorof the Swedish
M. K. Church.
POSITION WANTED FOR A YOUNG GIRL
A to do general housework. 34 Vb Diamond st
YOUNG OKRMAN GIRL WISHES A SITUA-
I tion for light housework. 1018 Powell st.
"EXPERIENCED GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
Xli to do washing or any kind of mending. Call
or address 2935 Twenty-fourth st, nr. Alabama.
VI IDDLE-AGBD GERMAN* WOMAN \>ISHES
i.»l & situation to do general housework or house-
keeping; $8 to $12 a month. 617 Howard st.
li OMAN WISHES A SITUATION; UN DEB-
" stands the care of children and sewing: will
help with general housework; good cook: wages
$10; references. Address H. R., box 23, C»'.l.
A MERICAN WOMAN DESIRES GENERAL
-CX housework. 917 Vis Mission st.
\V- OMAN AND STRONG BOY WOULD LIKE
" a place In the country; woman, good cook;
boy, able to work around place. Address W. 1., j
box 8. this office. |
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES HOUSEWORK; I
X good plain cook and wash; sleep home. Apply
909 Jackson st., between Powell and Mason.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WHO SPEAKS EXG-
X li9h wishes a position in summer resort as
laundress or chambermaid; understands some
waiting. MISS R. SCHULZ, 628 Fulton st
\\r ANTED- SITUATION AS WETNURSEBY
'» young mother; references given. Apply at
847 Capp st, trom 6 10 7:30 p. 11., bunday, or any
time during the week.
pOMPETENT GIRL WANTS SITUATION IN
\J n.ce family: is neat and quick about her work.
Can be seen at 535 Lou st ; no postals.
TRONG, WILLING YOUNG GIRL FROM
the country wishes housework by the day or
week. Call or address Young Lady, 1020 Folsom
st, bet Sixth and Seventh.
WANTED— DOCHAMBKRWORK IN EX-
• > change for room for 2. 118 Sixth st., room
46, Central.
YOUNG GERMAN GIRL WISHES SITUA-
A tion to do general housework. Apply Hotel
Fairmount, room 93. . .
\\ IDOW COMPETENT TO TAKE CHARGE
• 1 of home and children wishes housekeeper's
position. 203 a Powell, room 16.
YOUNG LADY WISHES POSITION AS TRAY-
A cling companion: will do plain sewing or any
light work. 706 1 His si.; ring 2 bells.
PELIABLE AND EXPERIENCED HOUSE-
XV keeper would like position. Please call or ad-
dress 423 Ellis st
KESSMAKKR, WITH BEST OF REFER-
ences, wants work in family; country prefer-
red. Address (by mall) A. E. DWYKR. 635
o'Farrell st
pOMPEIENT WOMAN DESIRES SITUA-
\J tion to do general housework. 905 Va Powell.
ADY GOING To NEW YORK WOULD LIKE
to take care of children or lady for her passage.
Can be seen at 313 Uough st, near Hayes. -
YV : OMAN WANTS ~ WORK BY THE DAY
»T washing, ironing and cleaning; can do all
kinds of housework; city references. 1227 Pacific
st, near Leavenwortb.
WOMaN, 35. WANTS PLACE AS COOK
or working housekeeper. 645 Mission st
L'IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER, GOES OUT BY
1 the day, with assistant if desired. 21 Van Ness
aye., room 1.
PELIABLE WOMAN, WHO UNDERSTANDS
XV putting up jellies, pickles and all kinds of pre-
serves, wants work oy the day to put up fruit in
private families or at home. Address P. G. box
114, Call Oflice.
YOUNG GKRMAN WOMAN WISHES WORK
X by the day, washing or cleaning. Call or ad-
dress A. 8., 278 Natoma at
T*TILLINT* WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
11 the day, washing or Uousecleaning; $1 a day
and car tare. 717 Howard st
RKSSMAKER; LATEST STYLE AND PER-
XJ feet fit; will make a dress in 2 days; would
like to get a few more engagements by the day at
$150. Call or address 153 uciavia st.
\\r ANTED— BY A COMPETENT ENGLISH
'" woman, position as heusekeeper or nurse to
an invalid: salary secondary consideration. A. a.,
box 3 .', this office.
urOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY,
" washing and cleaning; $1 a day and carfare.
Address C. F.. box 124, Call office.
I ,'ANTED — BY COMPETENT YOUNG
it woman situation by the day or month; cham-
berwork or care of children or housecleaning: is
reliable and steady ; Kind to children. D. L., 746
Mission st., next to the church.
SITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
10 cook and laundress or would do housework:
good reference. Please call 368. Minna st., near
fifth.
YOUNG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
X day; washing and housecleanlng; $1 per day.
Call 619 Natoma st
U'OMA-N WANTS WORK BY THE DAY;
II good cook, washer and ironer. Address for 3
days, 3033 Sixteenth st. *
TJespecta hle a erman lady about 50
it wishes situation as nousekeeper in widower's
family In country. Address H., 2603 Mission
st, cor. Twenty-second. •
pEFINEI) GERMAN GIRL WISHES POSI-
XV tion with nice family; care of children and as-
sist; city or country. S. T., 1124 LarKin st.
\\T ANTED— BY LADY WITH YEARS OF
11 experience, care of invalid, either sex; best of
care and home comforts given. Call or address
MRS. M. X., Oakland P. O.
ADY WISHES NURbING. A FOURTH
and Minna, room 33, Royal House,
VOU.NG LADY WANTS POSITION AS
A housekeeper or to take charge of lodging-bouse.
Call or address 203 Powell st. room 5. .
OMAN WITH CHILD WANTS SITUATION
• T 10 do general housework or cooking; city or
country. Call 221 Minna st.
YOUNG WIDOW WISHES A SITUATION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-bouse or hotel. Call or
address Housekeeper, room 35, third floor, 1148
Sutter st. • ■ - .
pKI.IABLE MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN. FIRST-
XV class cook, wishes situation in private family.
Call or address 138 V2 Castro st-
\Y t OMAN WITH CHrLD DESIRKS POSITION
ti to Keep house for elderly couple or widower
with children : no objection .to country If ■ near
school. Address 4272 Twenty-fifth si. . 
SINGLE WOMAN WANTS MORNING PLACE
to cook and do housework. 128 Vi Ninth st. ;
OUNG SWEDISH .WOMAN DESIRES A
X place In family to do general housework. 206
Steuart si. ; ■ . ;
PANISII WIDOW WOULD LIKE BITUA-
tion as housekeeper or any otner light employ-
ment. Apply 105 Larkin st, room 3. :
I AD Y WANTS SITUATION AS -HOUSE-
Xj keeper or will do plain sewing, etc. Apply 821
Mission St.. room 3. .:- » :-.--
V OUNG GERMAN GIRL WOULD LIKE POSI-
X tlon to assist with light housework; no postals. j
1623 Powell st, top floor. ' ' ' -\
P ELI A BLK woman wants A situation
XV as cook in hotel, restaurant or private family:
city or country; or as lunch cook. Call or address
523 Stevenson su j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
SITUATIONS WANTKD-Continned.
MIDDLE- kQBD .QBBMATT WOMAN WANTS
Itl position as cook-housekeeper on a ranch. Ad-
dress MRS. L. REEB, P. O. box 37, Kimhurst.
pRADUATE NURSE WOULi. LIKKAPER-
V.T niant-nt position in caring/for an axed invalid..
Address Nurse, Call Brancln fflue, 71 3 Larkin st.
pOMPETEXT YOUNG CREOLE WIDOW
\J with child wishes housekeeper's position, cham-
berwork orsewine: city or country. Call or ad-
dress 917 Market St.. room 19. '
ERMAN GIRL WAN SITUATION, SEC*
vJT. ond work and sewing, or housework In small
family; references. Call or address Dressmaker,
950 Kirlcbam St., Oakland.
VTEAT GIRL WANTS A SITUATION IN GOOD
-L"l family for upstairs work, sewing, taking care
of children. Please address J. C. X., 123 Clay st.
YOUNG SWEDISH I KL WANTS I LACE TO
A do general housework; 6 years last place;
wages $25. Inquire 439 Jessie st
XPEKIENC K D": dressmaker will go
Xj out by day or take work home. 632 Eddy si .
pOMPETENT DRESSMAKER DESIRES EN-
\J gagements In families; refereiue: Jcity or
country. E. E. V., 831 Myrtle St., Oakland.
pOVERN ESS— YOUNG LADY WISHES SIT-
vT uation; city or country; English, German,
French, drawing, music; willing to travel, »a-
dress K. S., Postoffice, San Mateo.
INCHES I Ell HUUSK. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
»* Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WA-NTKD-MALE.
HUNTEITA^CaTcHINEsk JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb'st., below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231. )
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE!
I/help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLKY&CO.. 640 Clay.
?C.«. C'UCiK'o SOU SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
• branches : short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant46.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. BUB sutter: tel Grant 30.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414 i/ 2 O'Farrell; teL K. 426.
OOK WHO BAKES GOOD BREAD, PIES,
V^ etc., wants a situation in the country. Ad-
dress 1301 santa Clara aye., Alameda.
SITUATION WANTED BY YOUNG MAN
and wife with no children in hotel, restaurant,
ranch or private family; best of references. Ad-
dress or call H. BISSELI* 1807 Mission st
T7URST-CLASS BOOKKEEPER WITH HIGH
J" references wishes one or several sets of books
to keep during the day: compensation moderate.
Address K. J.. box 62, this office.
T7>LDERLY MAN, A LITTLE LAME, WOULD
X~J like to work in a family or hotel for a nome; to
make himself Generally useful. Address J. H.,
box 136, Call Office. . '
pARDENER, FIRST-CLASS^ WITH GOOD
VT references, wlsnes steady situation. Address
Gardener, box 32, Call Office.
V young swis>-ui;uman ~Zr~~~~~~~~~~u"
wife: man as coachman In private family or
work on ranch; milking; understands care horses
and cows: wife do housework. Address S. C, box
108. Call Office.
"YOUNG, STRONG. ABLE-BODIED MAN,
A sober, steady, painter and paper-hanger by
trade, desires situation in hotel or institution; will
work for low wages if steady employment. Ad-
dress T. C, box 91, this office. .
G~ CfOD MEAT AND PASTRY COOK WISHES
situation; city or country; strictly temperate.
address W. A. JONES, 121 Sixth st., room 3.
TTiNERGETIC, HONEST " YoUXG MAX
Xli wishes position for any kind of work: very
handy with tools- Address H. E., box 99, Call.
p ARDEXER (PRACTICAL) OR MAX ABOUT
"JT place wishes -situation; references. Address
Gardener, 417 Kearny si. . .
pOACHMAX, THOROUGHLY SOBER AND
\J reliable, In taking care of gentleman's estab-
lishment: is a competent driver: best Eastern and
California leferences. Address W. R., box 80, Call.
i!..-rEc:TAI*LE YOUNG MAN WISHES SlT-
uation in private family: coaching and gar-
dening; best of references. Address A. £ 1228
Broadway, Oakland. '
■pKOFESSIOXAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
X his services in the expert ing of books, opening
and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
j books and general expert work. Address. P. C,
! box 137, Call office.
I \ OUXG MARRIED MAX, AGE 28 YKARS,
! X desires employment In any kind of business
house; not afraid "of work. Ad. M. M... box 5. Call.
RUGS— GRADUATE OF PH 1 L ■•■ > Ll'i. . A
College of Pharmacy, registered, 8 years' ex-
perience, wants good position good references.
Address E. a., box 3. Call Office. ,
\\T ANTED— WORK AT PAPER-HANGING.
»» HALL. 1137 Mission st.
NE WISHING TO GO TO THE GOLD FIELDS
of Southern California may, If desirous of a
partner, communicate at once with L. It., box 100,
Call office.
ARDENKR'S SITUATION WANTED BY
VJT single man of long experience In greenhouse,
flower and kitchen gardening; 2 5-.year references
from previous employers. Horticulturist 719
California st. ' . -
mo RANCH-OWNERS*. ~ '
X A thoroughly competent, reliable and temper*
ate man wishes to engage as superintendent or
foreman on a ranch; understands all kinds of fruit,
stock, grain and general California farming; mar-
ried: no children: several years in present place,
but wishes to make a change: first-class references
or bonds for any reasonable amount; correspond-
ence solicited from reliable parties. Address A.
Rancher, box 151, Call Office, San Francisco.
V OUXG MAN, AGED 20, PRACTICAL STA-
A tionary engineer, with some experience, with
indicator cards, wishes steady position as assistant
in a big steam plant; wages no object; good- refer-
ences. Address IGNACIO ALLEGRETTI, 6Y2
Salmon St., city.
Y OUNG SCANDINAVIAN WISHES SITUA-
X tlon; city or country; fir.-tt-class driver: under-
stands care of horses and garden, also eood milker;
best references. Please address A. 8., box 149,
call Office. : '
TTOOKKEEPER OR SECRETARY', EXPEUI-
X) enced, neat and accurate, for a few hours
weekly or dally; undoubted recommendations and
security. -Address room 36, 303 California st
• •ARTKNDER WISHES STEADY "EMPLOY-
X) ment: Eastern references. Address T. MOORE,
416 o'Farrell st • ■■ : ■
ffljC TO ANY ONE THAT GETS ME WORK
Ot) in wholesale or packing house; is used to
bard work; has Al city references. Address T. G.,
box 64, Call Office.
UTLER, GKI.MAN, WANTS POSITION;
best city references. Address G. L., box 138,
Call.
YOUNG MAN WISHES POSITION AS VALET
1 or butler: no objection to travel; good refer-
ence. Address Valet box 32, Call. >
PACKER— FIRST-CLASS. WITH 10 YEARS'
X reference, wishes position in wholesale house.
Address Packer, box 67, this office.
(SITUATION WANTED BY GERMAN AND
O wife, without childre 1, to take care of ranch
or work on a private place; man understands all
kinds of ranch or private work: wife good cook :
both flrst-class references. Address J. L. RATH-
GEBER, Napa, Cal.
\\r ANTED— BY GOOD RESPONSIBLE
>' young man position to collect and deliver; se-
curity and good references. Address A., : box 6,
this office. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights in every room: 200
rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
pEKMAX WISHES SITUATION IX A PRI-
vT vate family good gardener, coachman; under-
stands handling stock; good milker: references.
Address Industrious, box 27, Call Office.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
»' Market— Electric lights In every room; 200
rooms: 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: bun an I baggage to and from the ferry.
l'ii>l.VLK HELi" WANT*;!*.
O WAITRESS S.4MK ""ifoTEL, SOUTH*,
£ fare paid, 820: waitress, hotel, Fresno, fare paid,
$20; waitress, country hotel, fare paid, $20: wait-
ress, country hotel near city, who can make sal ads,
$?'); waitress and chambermaid, small boarding-
house, country, middle a?e preferred, $15; 2 fine
ironers, country hotel, »30; Scandinavian laun-
dress, country hotel, $:■!(): 6 extra waitresses,
country hotel : fancy ironcrs and collar polishers,
city: chambermaid and care of linen-room, also a
young chambermaid, name hotel, country, $20 and
$15: cook, cit y, $20; German ; cook, Alameda,
$25:10 Scandinavian and German gins, house-
work, city and country, $20; housework girl, near
city, $15. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 10 Geary st.
ASTRY COOK, COUNTRY, $30: COOK,
X small country restaurant, $30 and room; wait-
tresses, $15; ranch cook and other places, at MUR-
RAY & READY'S, 634 Clay st. - .
YV ANTED— BRIGHT, ENERGETIC
'» women as canvassers who are not afraid to
work; no selling salary paid- ones living at home
preferred: answer in own handwriting; i.iust be
well recommended. Address B. .!., box 149, Call
Office. .
SCANDINAVIAN GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT
O houseworic and attend baby. 802 Pennsylvania
aye., near Twenty-third, Putrero.
WANTED— A GIRL ABOUT 16 FOB LIGHT
' »» housework. Apply 12b Shotwell st. _ ■' ■
"EDUCATED WOMAN FOR OFFICE; EXPE-
XJ rieuce not necessary; references. Address
Permanent, box 112, Call Office. .
GOOD CLOAK SALESLADY AND ; SOMK
good canvassers In connection with political
cam pa'g 1 work: ladies holding certificates In U.
S. Industrial Agency are eligible. Room 165,
Crocker building. _ - . ,_ ' ;,, •;;
WANTED — PUPILS for . MILLINERY'
T T school; class now forming for fall work; prac-
tical; reasonable. 410 Leavenworth St.
TYRESSMAKER WISHING to INCREASE
XJ income with work at home- Call 720 Spreck-
els' building. ■, .
Rl'.i MU.K" GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK, 12
XX until after dinner dally: .experience and refer-
ences rcquir.-d; $15 per month. Call Monday af-
ternoon or address 3712 Clay st.
T"aDY RESIDENT IN EACH TOWN TO DO
Xj writing: no oauvaasinv; enclose stamp for de-
tails. 131 Post St., room 21. : . » :
IpiNlSllEßs. OPERATORS AND APPREN-
J tlces wanted on vests. Apply 1104% Folsom.
YOUNG GIRL FOR HOUSEWORK; SMALL
A family; sleep at home. .938 Howard, top door.
GIRL TO ASSIST LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
V-I 2705 Sutler st Wages, $10. 1
pOLORED WOMAN. - A PPLY ' FOR 2 DAYS
\J before 10 o'clock. : 679 Harrison st
f HELP ' TVANTED-Continued.
TVEMOVI?DT~^I^MO'VED! REMOVED!
-IV The McDowell Dressmaking Academy will
occupy the entire upper floor at 638 Market St..
opposite ' the Palace Hotel. .We are pleased ■to
notify our many pupils, | friends and customers
that we have the most spacious sewing-room in
the city. :ind we propose 10 give the most complete
training In dressmaking, cutting, tilting and
finishing of any institution In America. No
school equal to ours In the West, and none better
in New York or Ch'cago. We teach tlie cutting,
fitting and making of all the new ; style waists,
jackets, sleeves: circular, ! four. I five, ' six, seven,
eight, nine and ten gored skirts: capes, coat-, etc—
in fact everything that in new, novel ami stylish.
We are teaching the McDowell, the world-famous
system of dress-cutting, known from Maine to
California and absolutely reliable This is the
system that received the highest award at the
World's Fair. and only system receiving a gold
medal at the Midwinter Fair.
Special inducements to the first four beginners
on Monday, June 29. as iollows: Four weeks' sew-
ing lessons free to the first, three weeks to the
second pupil, two weeks to the third and one week
to the fourth. Now is the time to begin.
Dressmakers recommended to shops and fami-
lie. by the day or week, cit • or country, Positions
free to our pupils. Perfect-fitting pattern cut to
order, 25 cents up; fit guaranteed. Easy pay-
ments,, unlimited lessons. The McDowell Dress-
making Academy. 636 Market street, opposite
Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
WANTED — CUSTOMERS FOX ELKGANT
■'' and stylish hats at cost. 605 Larkin st
\\T ANTED— A PKOTKSTANT GIRL FOR
" housework in family of 2 persons and child 5
years old at Palo All o; wages $20: see lady here
this morning. Apply MISS i'LUNKETT, 424
Sntter st. . ■ - '
\\T ANTED— A COOK AND GENERAL HOUSE-
»» work girl; also a nurse for same house, in
country, $25. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sntter st. -
ANTED— GENTEEL GIRL TO CARE FOR
children in the country; $15. Apply MISS
PLUNKETT, 424 Sutter St.
WANTED— MAID AND SEAMSTRESS FOR
private family; $25; references and experi-
ence necessary. Apply MISS PLUNKETT, 424
Sutter su ■ ".
WANTED — BKCOND GIRL, MUST SEW
and speak German, $20: also a nurse for San
Mateo, $20; cook for schools, $25. Apply MISS
PLUNKf.TT, 424 Mutter St.
I,RIGHT GIRLS TO LEARN GLOVE-MAhL-
■»> Ing. Call alter 9:30 a. if., Carson Glove Co.,
318 Market st. ■
p ERMAN GIRL FOR PLAIN C.OOKING.
VJ 462 Natoma st, NE. corner.
T?IRST-CLA:-S SHIRTPOLISHERS AT ST.
-I- Nicholas Laundry, seventeenth and Folsom.
WANTED — RELIABLE GIRL, HOUSE-
'' work and cooking; references. 405 Powell.
ERFKCT 11TTI NO AND STYLISH DRESS-
A making taught, $5 per month; pupils can work
for themselves, friends or customers: waist, jack-
et and skirt patterns cut to order, 25c up. Mo
POWELL Academy,636 Market.opp.Palaoe Hotel.
DRESSCUTTINU AND FITTING TAUGHT"
XJ thoroughly In three hours or less at MRS. R.
L. JONES' dressmaking school. 605 Fell st
T ADIES— FREE! FREE! LESSONS EVERY
Xj Tues.,2to3: dresscntting. 14 McAllister, r. 67.
XT AIR-DKESSING; MANICURING LESSONS.
■P. MISS DOYLE. 119 a Powell St. and 10.5 Ninth.
TTAIRDRESsIXO. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
AX and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
FINISHERS WANTED. 641 MARKET
\J street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6
rxTwapk: free 'bus and 'aggii l to and from ferry.
MALE HELP WANTED.
"i o cooks"for~rkstai'rXnts^ hotels^
1.0 bakeries, boarding-houses, ranches, harvest
crews and orchards, $75. $60. $50, $85, $26: 3
dishwashers, $20 and $15; second cook, city. $8
week. MURRAY & READY, Leading Employ-
ment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st '
"1 A WAITERS FOR SPRINGS, RESORTS,
X\j city and country hotels, restaurants, etc., at
$35, $30, $25, and boys at $20 als" extra waiters
for country, fare paid. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 636 < lav st.
x laborers fok a mi.s k. $20 it. ... >.urn.i
O and found; fare paid one wb.. .MURRAY &
READY, leading loyment agts., 634-636 Clar.
MORE MEN" OK .STRONG BOYS TO HELP
irrigate, pick fruit, etc., for a lar<e company's
ranches, 1 orchards, etc.; 20 woodchoppen for a
mine, 20 tlemakers, 3 milkers. MURRAY' <fc
READY, leading employment agts., 634-636 Clay.
f}t* FARMERS, ORCHARD AND VINEYARD,
-i-vJ $20, $25, $30: 5 harvest hands, $1 50 day
and found: engineer: blacksmith, $40 and found;
wheelwright: 20 teamsters and 20 laborers, city,
steady work, $1 75 and $1 p-r .lay and $26 per
month and found; 2 cboremeu, $15, $20. MUR-
RAY & READY, leading employment agents,
634 and 636 Clay st
ELLBOY WITH GOOD REFERENCES,
XJ country hotel, $15 and free fare. C R. HAN-
SEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st
pASTKY COOKTaND BAKER AND ASSIST
A on the range, country hotel, $50; second cook
and baker, country hotel, 50: office open to-day
(Sunday) from 10 to 11 A. it. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 110 Geary st
COl'K, COUNTRY RESTAURANT, $40 TO $46
and room; waiter, same place, $30 and room:
2 waiters for springs. $25; pantryman, $25: bed-
maker. $26; washer, hotel laundry, $36: 3 irouers,
$30 and $35; polisher, $46. C KHANsEN &
CO., 110 Geary st
VY r ANTED— BAKER FOR SMALL COUNTRY
™» hotel, $30 and found; blacksmith, country
shop, $60 and found; 3 miners, $52 a month also
haying-banas, farmers. | milkers, laborers, cooks,
waiters and dishwashers. W. I). EWER <fc CO.,
626 Clay st.
"PANTRYMAN. NEAR CITY, $22 50; WAIT-
Aer, $26. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st. :
open Sunday. 10 to 12.
ANAGER FOR A DRY-GOODS STORE:
first-clans clothing salesman: good nat sales-
man; oflice boy who can write a good hand, and
some good canvassers In connection with political
campaign work wanted; those holding certificates
in U. s. Industrial Agency arc eligible. Room 165,
Crocker building. ■ .
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS RUBBER-STAMP
* » maker to operate a first-class outfit on ono-
half the profits, while proprietor does the oct>i(!e
soliciting; one-half or whole interest can be bought
If preferred; cause of change failing eyesight. Ad-
diess U. C. MEYERIiE, 416 J St., Sacramento,
Cal. - ...--. ,
OOD SOLICITOR. WHO IS WELL AC-
qnalnted, for city trade for merchant tailor;
good inducement, for right mm. Address R. M.,
box 142, Call Office. ..,:■■/ •■
li/ ANTKD-BOV 14 TO 16 YEARS OLD FOR
*• dental office; answer in own handwriting.
Address W. X., box 87. this office.
ANTED— STRONG BOY. NOT AFRAID OF
"•work, for bakery. 1837 Polk st.
W ANTED— EXPERIEXCED TRACK FORE-
'» man.. Apply S., box 17, Call Oflice, Oakland.
RAMP TRIP CONTEMPLATED: SHORT ON
A this coast now; extensive European, 1897;
companion desired. Economical, box 32, Call.
~\\r ANTED— Mi-,N AND WOMEN TO \vORK
■» » at home; I pay 58 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits: new patented method: anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
•nd begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. ■ .
IF~"SOLD TO-DAY— CASH BUSINESS;
«g^.<J clears $15 week. 826 21st st, Oakland.
ill* "I O- COOK OR WAITER TO BUY PAY-
i&X. —O. ing chophouse; clears $100 per month.
Apply Call Office,
TAPPERS FOR LOS GATOS CANNERY;
\J must be thoroughly experienced; wages 25
cents per hour; also experienced do tors; wages 20
cents per hour. Apply Monday between 12 and 1
at office FIELD <t bTONE, 126 California st
WANTED — INTELLIGENT YOUNG MAN
for office work. Address in own handwriting,
stating age and wages expected, X. Y. Z., box 154,
Call Office. . -
\\r ANTED— FIRST-CLASS BARBKRS, MALE
»T female, 60c and $1: steady work. 207
'Fourth sU
K ARBERB-FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
»> retary Barbers' Asso.. 102 Seventh. H.Bernard.
BA KBERS— FOX EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC.
XJ p. C. Barbers' Assn. S. FUClls. 325 Grant are.
ARBKRS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
ment secretary, CONRAD TROKLL, 657 Clay.
L» ARBERS- ASSOCIATION OF I.'AL EMPLOY-
-!-> menu Secy, P. C. Hamann. 9' a <)' I-'arr ■!!.
STRONG. BHABT BOY TO LEARN TRADE.
Address 8., tox 84. Call Office.
.YOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL; MUST HAVE
1 *200 cash. Address Y. V., box 11, <:aIL
\\, r E HAVK A LOT OF DAMAGED SHOES
»» selling at less than 14 their value; cast-off
shoes bought or exchanged. 562 Mission St.
UT ANTED— THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years;
not less than 5 feet 5 Inches in height; of good
character and temperate habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United states or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted : this important branch of the naval
nervice oilers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers, For further Information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Kills St., San Francisco,
Cal. :.;... . : : . ■:;. .*;..■. .; ;.; - .-; : -:-.;
"VTKW WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
X^ 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 16c to
week $1 to $2 60; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning culls; clean; quiet; open all night
ALL MEAT. ORDERS 5c., WITH COFFEE.
tea or milk. 636 Clay.- *..-_■ .
MAN TO TAKE ORDERS FOR PRINTING.
Apply 519 Filbert sc.
TRY' ACME HOUSE, 957 MARKET~BT., BE-
low SlxtD. for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
LODGINGS, 5c TO 16c PER NIGHT; CLEAN.
XJ Continental House, 521 Vaclfl , below Kearny.
* STUM A CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
. ~V din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
BKST IN CITY-.SINGi.E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 26, $1 60 per week.
Pacific House. Commercial and Leldesdorg sts. :
i)OOMa 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 60
XV per week. .. Oriental, 225 DruminsU
HELP WANTED— Continued. ■
WANTED— LABORERS .AND. MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st.; 150 '
large rooms; 26c per night; $1 to $3 per week..
\\7 ANTED— an idea :~ WHO CAN THINK OF j
some simple thins; to patent? Protect your
ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN '
i WEDDERBURN <fc fO., DepU L, Patent Attor- i
; neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
EN'S HALF-SOLII?(J,~Sbc.: LADIES. 40c:
done while you wait 638 Market, opp. Palace
Hotel; branch 767 .vlarket.opp.Wlll <fc Finck's, 8. F.
pALK SHOES MADE TO uKDKR FOR $2 60:
V^ lialf-solelng 26c up. 959 Howard st, nr. Sixth. j
MEV'iO FEED .MANHATTAN feiOCK IrOOD; !
-»1 all grocers keep it. , - -
I WK ARE SHOE DOCTORS; -WE REPAIR i
1 "» your old shoes and make them as good as new, i
| and with our new machines we can do your work
at one- half the usual price: done while you wait.
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
ANTED - MEN TO . L<-ABN BARBER
" tiade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent - S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
ESI PLACE IN~THE~ CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
bouse; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
I and $3:- ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged. .
LCiiO HoUSK, tboVi MARKET ST.—
P.oonis 20c, 25c. to 60c night; $1 to $3 week.
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
st: 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
£0 and I:6c a night. 9 1 a week: meals 10c.
INCUESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST..NEAR
Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; reading-
room ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ANTED, TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
era&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
I IN HELL HOUSE, SIXTH AND HOWARD
I 1 sts.; single furnished rms 7Scweek, 16c night
|||(|JIK.> TO TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c
J ' ■i\J and 20c a night, including cotftw and rolls.
624 Washington st, near Kearny.
\kT ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS iso A day: $1
' » v«-ek; rooms for two, 260 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st
"L^REE BEER— TWO SCHOONERS FOIi 6c;
■T Pl.nna hot'l »ofl«T°-. ?>c. »t 637 C'av at.
agents wanted.
G^NTS— TIERE 18 YOUR CHANCE FOR
2x cash!! Grasp it quick!! "Life of McKinley,"
prepared by Murat Halstead, with assistance and
co-operation of Mark Hanna, McKlnley's political
manager; everybody will want it; it will outsell
all other* 10 to 1, and you can coin money: remit
50c for outfit, with • application for territory , for
the best campaign bootc in the .market. F. PER-
SON, manager subscription department the Whit-
aker & Kay Company.
ANTED— AGENTS: ALSO TRAVELING
'» salesmen to carry as a sideline. Dust 'Killer
Wax Floor Dressing; big commissions; write for
particulars. Farafflne Dust Oil Works, Hopkins-
vine, Ky. -:■■'
GENTS WANTED — LADY ok CiliN l\L,i<,-
mao ; experience 1 not necessary; good oppor-
tunity for right person. Apply at once, 519 sev-
enth St., near Washington. Oakland. ■'
GENTS FOR FINE BUILDING LOTS IN
Los Angeles. M.SALOMON AC., 821 Market.
FURNITURE WANTED.
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FORFORNt
ture and merchandise see BUP.D, -211 Larkin.
C. MUTHER, AUCTIONEER, 601 C ALI-
. fornla at., corner Kearny, pays best price for
furniture and merchandise.
M ALONE PAYS *0 PER CENT MOSK
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth at.
UK-FORK SELLING YOUR FURNITURiS
A> send for Simmons Auction Co., 1057 Market
BASCH. 321 SUTTER, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price,
. MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE.
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 76L
ROOMS WANTED.
lTrnished^^oom" for ■" light~ho'use-
J BURNISHED ROOM FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
keeplnc, by July 6: not to exceed $6 per month.
Address 11.. box 130, Call Office.
FSOUR ROOMS IN"QUIET FAMILY BY MAN
1 and wife. Address O. H. 8., box 27, Call Office.
\V ANTED— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM;
'• private family. Address Room, box 108, Call.
VirANTEIT— SMALL FLAT OR 3 UXFUR-
»» nished rooms in private family. Address Flat,
box 64 Call.
WANTKI>-3IISCELLANEOUS.
7?OR~SALE^bI7CK~A nIT"pIGEON~ICa NTH;
T t300: chicken ranch, $200. T. F. CONKLIN,
office Rad Fla^, opp. Six-mile House. San Bruno rd.
\\r ANTKD-HORSE. HARNESS AND CART:
• ' cheap. Address J. W., 232 Dolores st, city.
QECOND-HAND 4-FOOT FRENCH RANGE:
0 in good condition. Address J. G., box 3, Call.
NY ONE HAVING A TENEMENT-HOUSE
mortgaged wishing to dispose of their interest
can hear of a pu chaser; must be cheap for cash.
W. M.. box 67, Call Oflice. ' ■■;-..■
ECOND - HAND KODAKS, CAMERAS,
O lenses, magic lanterns and slides- 109 Mont-
gomery st ■ - • .
S*~KLL YOUR BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JEW
0 «rlrr to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth St.: send postal.
UKDICAL. . ,
wo^dTmldwife, cures all dis-
eatwsof womb, paralysis, rheumatism, dropsy,
liver and kidney troubles, cancers and tumors:
cure guaranteed; consultation free. 243 Shipley.
MRS J. A. ACHaRD, MIDWIFE— HOME. IN
confinement; 25 years' experience. 655 Mis-
sion st. , .■' ■
I^R, JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPECIALIST,
1 /. l'« 06 Market s'.; private and chronic diseases,
lost manhood and female troubles. • '
BLESSING TO LADIES . SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never fails; perfectly harmless; free from any. bad
effects; never makes them sick to make them well;
travelers helped Immediately; prices to suit the
times; home In confinement. .; DR. <fc .MRS.
I>.\ VIE.-*. 14 McAllister st., next Hlbernla Bank;
consult free; French regulating pink pills $2:
hours from 9 a. m to 5 p. m. and 7 to 9 P. if.
ANEW"PROCKSS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always in one day;
can be sent a i.d used at home; all cases guaranteed:
if you want to be treated safe and sure call on a
man's physician. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st
CHICHESTER'S ENGLISH PENNY-
royai Pills (Diamond Brand) 1 are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other. >end 4c, stamps, for
particulars, -'Relief for Ladies.',' in letter by re-
turn mail: at, druggist's. Chlchester Chemical Co.,
Philadelphia. Pa.
ALL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
stored In » few bourn; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay; pri-
vate home in confinement: : regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH. 916 Post st., near Larkin.
INSTITUTE OF PNEUMATOPATH V - FOR
X healing and instructions;,: 2729 Jackson st ,
hours, 10 to 6; consultation free; call or. write for
our "New Methods": the poor healed free,
DB. PENA CHECK IT .IN 24 HOURS*
prompt relief ; successful treatment; diseases
of both sexes a specialty. 7 Grant aye. . '
ADIES. CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell St.: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
DF.s. GOODWIN, DISEASES OF WOMEN A
special. 5--. unexcel ed In restoring irregularity
or other conditions: home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from • 1370
Market st. to 904 McAllister st. .
RS. DR. WEOEXER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and during confinement: Infants adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy su > ' >
V>RIVATE HOME IN CONFIiNEMENT. MRS.
A DR. FUNCKE. 1416 Eighth »U, Alameda.
IF IRREGULAR OP. ANYFEM ALE DI-EASE
see MRS. DR. I'UETZ and becontenU 264 Vi 4th.
SURE CURE FOR ALL FEMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. GW YER, 226 Turk st . ,
DR. HALL. 14 MeALUS'i'KK STREET, NKAii
'Jones. ' liiseasos of women and children.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLM-A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with irregularities: no danger:
safe and sure: ■ $2 50 express C. O. I).; don't delay
: until too late.' OSUOOD BROS.. Oakland. Ca!.; .
pHEA PEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THK
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the
1 United States or Canada one year for $150, post-
lac free. :-■,.- , ■-,;.. ■
STORAGE. '
YXTk^W^Jt^TO^STO RE 40 "TON S^TRAWnfN
*» San Francisco or near by. Address 410 Market.
TORAGE— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY; FIRE-
-0 proof building ; advances made. 211 Larkin. >\
\ pply for rates for storing furni-
■A ture, ccc. SHIRE K & HHIREK.,747 Market.'
1 AKGbTDRY BASEMENT WITH H YDRAU-
-1 J lie sidewalk elevator. Apply 823 Market.
i m H. ROOXEY. 722 MISSION— AT
J. . diced rates: basement storage. Si 50 per load
I FURNITURE. PIANOS, TRUNKS; AD-
! vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOK,2O4PosU
•T. OWES T -. RATES— FURNITURE, * -PIANOS.
AJ household goods, etc. J. M-.Z^erce, 735 Market
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS;
• low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plan..
' PHYSICIANS. ".
EMOVED~_~DR.~ c. C. O'DONNELL " "TO~Tao3
Market st : diseases of woman a specialty. -
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT' DR. JORDAN AT
his museum, : 1051 Market St.: his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment;
the worst cases treated aatlatactorily by mall.
HOTEL TO »LEASE.
T"*~cTl^^HE~w" LT^TSoUK^/! r *3i7^3li
Bush st.; this well-known -hotel, Is i thoroughly
renovated, considerably improved; : compares witn
best 2d-class hotel in town. MADISON «St BURKE
PERSONATE.
T^DE^K^S^^IE~TQJATiT~TO~GET THE
XJ best hair-dressing in the cli for 25c; first-class
switches $1; Lederer's"Quinonia," the most effect-
ive hair tonic ever, made; beautifies, strengthens
and cleanses. 11l Stockton st, nr. Geary. . .
QOMETHING NEW— BEAUTIFUL FACES— j
I*3 Why? Because our remedy removes all super- 1
fluous hair from the face. .without the slightest
pain; it acts only on the hair, leaving the skin
smooth; come and see us and be convinced.
PROF. HALE, 315 Ellis St. . . ,■■ ■ :
fTTHIS ADVERTISEMENT WILL BE TAKEN j
X for $2 on a $12 purchase at ii. Sell ELL-
HAAS' furniture and caroet store. 408 Eleventh
st. Oakland, and don't you forget it.
RS. DR. I'ORTER, CHI .-.OPODIST AXD Fa"
cial- artist: wrinkles removed or no charge; |
purest toilet articles. 128 Kearny St, room 47.
1 i >lU\ CaRDs, $1 50; SHOW CARDS 15c:
1 ' i\J\J tel. Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary st. r. 39.
p BEAT REDUCTION IX .TRIMMED HATS i
VJT at WISE'S Millinery Parlor, 504 Sutterst ,
DANCING— OR STAGE TAUGHT.
IRVINE'S, 927 Mission st., opp. U. S. Mint.
p i7dRESI (LATE OF PARIS AND LON-
_."-* don); designer, ladies' tailor and furrier.
1714 Post st.
JIM LEE, FIRST-CLASS CHINESE LAUN.
dry. 1913 Bush st.
I) AG CA RPETS WO TO ORDER, FOR !»A LE;
At also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres: deal-
er in carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth st. Oakland. Cal.
ORNER LOT CHEAP FOR CASH: 50x100;
\J good bargain. ' Call room 14, 995 Market st .
ADY, STRANGER IN CITY, WISHES
business partner. 122 Post st, room 2.
RS. DR. MIRANDA, CHIROPOD-ST-THE
Berlin facial treatment given. 17 Grant aye.,
room 1, city. ■
DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPB-
cialty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE, atty-at-law, 860 Market st
SUITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Taloring Company,lll7 Market st.bet 7th and Bth.
PARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
A and Newspaper Illustration commences its va-
cation on Saturday, June 26, and resumes work on
Monday, July 13. For particulars address 424 Pine.
rjAIRDRESSING, 25c: MANICURE, 26c;
XI face treatment. BUTLER'S,.I3I Post su,r. 20
SURE CURE FOR POISON OAK. RlNG-
worms and other skin troubles: eczema re-
lieved: improves complexion; externally applied;
sent by mall for 25 cents. Address P. O. box
2053, San Francisco, Cal.
R. J. M. EDMUNDS, SPECIALIST: DlS-
eases of nose, throat; dentistry. Cal. & Kearny.
PARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeks: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye. '
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J manufrs' cost Factory, 20 .Sansome, upstairs.
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents. ■
Watch and jewelry REPAIRING:'
• " low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J. N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
IBEKAL ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
elry, etc. : lowest rates. »4S Market st
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
J\ can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. : also
dress goods, cloaks, Jewelry, at M. ROTH*
CHIIJi'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings. '
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
X\i Winchester House, 44 Third st, near Market;
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week ; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
STROZYNSKI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
• dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
r>IG OUTDOOR STEREOPTICON SHOW EVE-
A> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sts. ; artistic ad-
vertisements in living light; promoters ot busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market st
OLD GOLD, SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLM AN. 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
pHF.APEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE j
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address In the j
United .States or Canada one year for $1 50, post- j
age free. • . ;
■— — — — — ■— - ■*"" —^ —^ — ■ 1
JUKKSSaiAI^EKS. ,
DRESSES $2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
lawn $1 up. 505*4 Natoma st. above sixth.
LODGIMi- HO USES Jt'Oß SALK.
? X.'S^PECK.
<$)DO\J. CO.. 602 Market st
1 O ROOMS: ONLY $560; POWELL ST.
±D SPECK & CO., 602 Market st
rf\ ROOMS; BOARDING-HOUSE; CORNER:
O\J any reasonable offer. SPECK & CO., 602
Market st. •
-ROOM HOUSE, IN PAYMENTS... $150
tH rooms on Market st... $600
40 rooms, worth $3000, price. $1500
45 rooms, corner, clearing $200 $1800
60 houses, 5 to 140 rooms, from $50 t0....;.. 55000
Apply to DECKER, 102 ' Market.
VEAT, CLEAN HOUSE; 40 ROOMS; CLEAR-
1\ ing $50; splendid-paying location: easy terms;
a bargain. Real Estate, 765 Market s—
-1 1 f\*-) HOWARD— SMALL LODGING-HOUSE
X LyJjLi for sale cheap. ■ . - - ,
O RENT —15 WELL LIGHTED ROOMS,
snitnble for lodging-house: $25. 544 Sixth st.
T ODOING-HOUSE, 12 ROOMS, ALL RENTED;
-Li fine location. , Address E. E., box 67. Call.
OUSE 26 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS,
$1000; rent $56: water free: or will exchange
for city or country property. 439 Jessie, nr. Fifth.
rpWO LODGING-HOUSES; 1 6 ROOMS; ONLY
I $200; clear profit $40. 859 Mission st
tIQ WELL- i-'URNI-HKD ROOMS: FULL:
low rent: price $575. Inquire grocery. 40 6th.
liODGING-HOUSKS TO LET.
<Too~vX>T3rEiSs7T'oTir77^^
ZJjJju arranged for lodgings or hou<keep:ng.
IXBiMTfKK *'OK SALE.
'ijijTr^^aTkT^^" . - ~
F prices stand till' goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■ •
Oak bed sets $18 50 |
Bedlounges 8 00 i
stoves 7 60
Carpets, per yard 55
Linoleum, per yard....... ' 65
Matting, per yard -10
Till our new building is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we ,are conducting business
at SE. corner Seventh and Mission bis. .J.
NOONAN. .
TOLOOR OIL CLOTHS $ 20
J' Englt h Linoleum 35
Brussels Carpet.... 45 j
4-room outfit, solid 0ak.....: .....75 00
t-HIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market St.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOX
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
Al\/\ CARPETS; > CHAMBER BETS, . $14:
iUI/ stoves. $5; parlor sets, $20: foidtne-bedi,
$10; bed- onngps, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
CARPET CLEANING. .
"tones co. cXrl^TF^^l^anino^and^
0 renovating works. . Main office' 35 and 27 Bth.
ARPET CLEANING, 3c.; LAYING, 3c. ; RUG
KJ samples free; telephone Jessie 944. is I RAT-
TON, 19 Eighth st
Seat WESTERN CARPET-BEATING
works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
Ing 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
" poor worK send toSPAULDING'SPioneerCar-.
pet Beating Works. 363-57 Tehama st ; teL So. 40.
ONKLIN 'S CARPET KEATING WORKS. 33J
v. Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 126. ;
piTY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.RENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL Sooth 250.
PARPKTS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like aew. FERGUSON <t CO., S3 Tenth: tei.
South 86. D. MACKINTOSH A CO., successors.
. E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO. 24U
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
. ovatln? works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 223.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES. - '.-': -'■ ' ■'■
LOOK— FOR SALE: VERY STYLISH SAD-
die-horse: kind: 16 hands. 143 Bartlett st
IPOR SALE— BUGGY HORSE 5 YEARS OLD;
' regular pet; can make. 3-minute gait; lady or
child can - drive him : also harness cheap. Apply
NE. corner Pacific and Larkin sts.
ILL SELL AT PUBLIC AUCTION AT 645
. Geary st, July 2, 1 gray mare, buggy and
harness tor board bill. C. R. MARTIN.
ANTE D ~~~"ST H~H ORSE, ABOUT 16
»» hands high; must be gentle and able to trot I
within 3 minutes; name price." H., box 17, Call. |
OOD STRONG RELIABLE DELIVERY
horse: $20; a bargain. 169 Second st. ■
T El BOLD HARNESS COMPANY; 500 SETS
AJ of 1 good harness, our own make, of every de-
scription, tor less money than you can buy Eastern
trash; send for catalogue. 110 McAllister st, S. F.
1 p. A SETS NEW AND SECOND HAND HaS
XU\J ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts; ami be sold. 1128 Mission st
RAn SET NEW. AND, SECOND-HAND HAl^
U\J\J ness; all kinds: buggy, wasron, carts, surrey
Arockawav; 40 cheap horses. 15th and Valencia.
Af\ HORSES Fott HALE; ALSO WAGONS,
rxvJ bnggles, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horsa
Market, 327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednos-
day. .SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers. -
OK.^Eci PASTURED: SKN.i tyjxl cIRUL-
)ar. Th» Hyde Ranch, 630 commercial nu ]
WAGONS A.Ni) CARRIAGES.
DOU BLE E^RFTs^AVA^GONr^rUSINESS
, cart, cheap: horse and harness. \ 1620 Mission.
A 1 HORSE AND EXPRESS WAGON FOB
■Cl. sale; together or separate. ■ 1128 Folsom st. .
OR SALE, AT EASTERN PRICES, FINE
. I carriages of every desc • iptlon ; cash, notes or
Installments. Carvlll Mfg Co., *6-48 Bth St., a F.
S~ LIGHTLY SOILED- ■ DRIVING GLOVES;
samples. H. M. HKINEMAN, 109 Sansome st.
VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-"
•L* dry, milk and grocery wagons; also rocltaway
ana 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison st
BUSINESS \ CHANCES^ i |^£
FACTORY AND [ ICE
rpJ*O\J\.'. cream parlors, situated in on< of the
liveliest and best towns on lhe coast; elegantly
fitted up and successfully run for 25 yean; will
invoice about *3000: this is the only flr^-class
place in town; cheap rent under lease: through
investigation allowed: this is a bargain. GEO.
STEWART, 602 Market st. ■■■■.■--■ : ;
Ip HILL, ROOM 34, DONOHOE BUILD KG—
ii. Real estate and business agent. ■■
Delicacy-store 9200
Stationery and cigars $450
General business store, fine trade $800
Excellent paper r0ute.......... 3i50.»
Chemical laboratory S5OOO
Stock.of poultry ranch. low rent... |350
Q A LOON OX 3 1 ARK XT ST $700
O Restaurant; $20 per day 150
Grocery anil bar: lmr<a:n i.OOO
Corner saloon: best in city........ ............ 1.600
For sale by DECKER, 1020 Market r..
TTXUSUAL~OPPORTUXITY TO PURCH..SE
U general merchandise and hotel business in
Tuolumne county; doing a business ( -.of $4000
monthly five acres of wound on principal str» t;
business yielding gooll returns. EASI'ON, EL.D-
RIDGE <fc CO., 63b Market St.;
ESTAUKANT ON -MARKET ST $200
X\ Saloon, north Market st 2.500
Lodging-house, 60 rooms -',000
Hotel, three-story •••••^ • V 1 -°' }o
DEM ING & CO.. 737 Market st.
/"I OLD-COPPER MINES: SPLENDID BAP.-
VX gains guaranteed: 1 rich sold loae, Olily
93300. wor.h $15,000:" 5 cold mines, $^2,u00,
worth a fortune, large developed proper;-: 7 sold
mines.2 mi.ls.big payer, 51 65,000,w0rtu $500,000;
the biggest copper mines in the United states:
1000 leet wide; 8 to 15 per cent copper: 2, 000,000
tons in sight; only $223,000; worth $5,000,000;
other gold and copper mines cheap; easy terms.
Room 12, 230Kearnysu, CHAS.F.BLACKBURN.
<H! 1 QAM FINEST fitted MEaT-MARKET
J-OUU. in the city; large weekly and monthly
trade; daily cash trade $50 to $100 guaranteed;
owner going In wholesale butcher business; rent
$30; horses, wagons, tools, invoice 83001); trial
given. Real Estate, 766 Market st.
pORNER GROCERY AND BAR. WELL
v^ stocked: doing > Ice business; low rent; will
sell cheap 439Grh<jft»U
<m?:rv/v PARTXK±t~W ANTED IN AN OF-
<Jp«J"JU. flee, commission business; advertiser
travels, and incoming man or lady must conduct
the office; the very best City references given and
required. Address O. H. S., box 95, Call Office.
© IHA BRANCH BAKERY, CANDY AND
tJpXUU. notionstore; leaving city. 1024 Leav-
en worth st. .
IpOR SALK — NICHOLAS HOTEL, OR EX-
X change for city lots. Cor. San Bruno road and
Army at. •
tA CHAIR RESTAURANT ON MXTfI ST.;
O\J only $60. Columbia, 128 Fourth st ».
©1 900 A FINK FITTED UP GROCERY
*jpi-£\JXJ* and bar; everything new; living
rooms; low rent; good lease. Box 9, Call Office.
ADY PARTNER WITH $150 IN E3TAB-
lished paying business. Address J. A., box
124, Call Office. ■ " ' _
FOR SALK— GOOD BUSINESS, WITHJSTOCK
and fixtures, suitable for man and wife or 'i
ladies; rooms back of store. 610 Post st.
lI<OR SALE CHEAP— FISH, POULTRY AND
1 oyster stand; good business. 418 Larkin st.
fl&Oifi/'in FOR HALF- INTEREST IN A MA
«JpOUUU ufactunn? business. 328 Bush, room 4.
"U'XCELLENT BUSINESS CHANCE FOR IX-
X\l telUgent woman, $25; security. Apply 720
Spreckeis building.
GO jrrv WILL BUY half INTEREST IN A
<t3T-l-«->V/ business paying $70 per month clear to
each party. Address C. E., box 1:8. Call.
SALOON FOR SALE; $175; BUYS VALUE
for $300; finely located. Call room 40, Chron-
icle building, or 3U9 Tnird st.
ARTNER FOR BEER-BOTTLING BUSl-
ness: experience not necessary. 712 Four-
teenth st ■
ANTED— COBBLER; NO CAPITAL RE-
quired. Apply a, box 17, Call Office, Oakland.
C»7nn SALOON; FIRST-Ci-ASS • TRADE:
<Jp I \J\J. in main thoroughfare: elegantly fitted
up: fine stock; 4 years' lease; low rent: taking
$18 day: immediate disposal; genuine oar cat n;
apply direct, no agents. L., Postofliee, Santa Rosa.
RANCH BAKERY. NOTIONS; SUNNY
rooms; no agents. Bush and Pierce sfs.
XYT OMAN WANTS PARTNER IN A RESTAU-
'» rant. Apply Call Office.
ESKROOM FOR RENT! ROOM 306,
X) Spreckels building, 927 Market st.
r\ ROCERY AND BAR; transfer COR-
VT ner. . Apply this office: no agents.
p ROCERY FOR SALE: GOOD LOCATION:
VJT low rent; reasonable: living-rooms attached.
Call at room 40, Chronicle building, or on prem-
ises 1022 Howard st -
CTJ-I f\(\ BARGAIN; OLD-ESTABLISH ED CI-
«3P-LUV/. gar, candy and notion store; large gar-
dens; cottage and summer-house; opposite uni-
versity gate, Berkeley; Telegraph-aye. railroad-
cars stop in front of store. Apply on premises.
ARGE NICELY FURNISHED DIN I KG"
room and kitchen, Sutler St., near Taylor, in
exchange for board none but reliable persons
need apply; good business opportunity. Address
C., box 12, Call Oflice. '. .; :^
IMNK~C ASH M ERCH ANT T « "f~BUSI ;
1 adjacent to this city: capital $5000; satisfactory
reasons for selling at a sacrifice. Owner, box 21,
Call Office. ■:
OLD ESTABLISHED CORNER SALOON IN
the best part of the city; good reasons given.
Address A. 8., box 52. this oflica. •
QjOfVrk FOR SALE FOR GOOD REASONS; A
■ — V" '. good paying commission and fish stand
business. Address B. F. A., Heaidsburg, Cal.
©lOr EXPRESS BUSINESS FOR SALE,
«JP-L —O. on account of sickness: good stand:
clearing $80 month. Apply 205 Larkin st.
PARGAIN IF SOLD BEFORE THE IST-
if Cozy home; 6 well-furnished rooms. 620
Larkin st. __ ■: l: *-;:-v
"OLACKSMITH SHOP, TOOLS" BUILDING
X> and large stock; fine established trade. Ad-
dress B. S., Windsor Hotel.
LD ESTABLISHED LOAN • OFFICE FOR
sale; $4000 required. Add. Loan, box 163. Call.
ADY OF MEANS DESIRES A PARTNER;
J $25 capital. < Room 2, 12 Mason st.
OJ£G (\ A BARGAIN: WORTH $150; CIGAR
«J?Ov/. and candy store. Columbia, 128 Fourth.
p OOD CHANCE FOR 2 PARTNERS; MEAT
VI marKet; good location. Apply Call Office.
-Qftnnn BUY'S A BUSINESS PAYING OVER
»3pUUUU 100 per cent profit. B. C., box 9, Call.
anted— ClGAß-STAND north OFMAR-
'» ketsu: must be well located; state locality
and selling price. Address J. M. C, box 67, Call.
OTEL TO LEASE FOR A TERM OF YEARS;
new 6-story and basement brick building con-
tain Ing 98 rooms; also ground-floor ami well-
lighted basement: centrally located, Vi block N of
Market St. and 1 block from 'Baldwin Hotel and
Emporium building: newly furnished throughout:
furniture for sale on reasonable terms. For further
particulars apply to S. BILVERBERG, 320 San-
sOme St.. room 39. - ";•'■. V
ARE CHANCE— FOR SALE.A ROADHOUSE
near Hay wards; 9 rooms and 1 acre of land.
For particulars address PROWSE <fe O'NEILL,
Hay wards, Cal. . .
ROCERY. DELICACY, CIGAR AND CON-
U fectionery store combined; doing a nice little
business, with cheap rent and living-rooms, fur-
nished, for $400. Call at store, 415 Powell, st.
bet. Post and Sutter.
d>l Z.(\(\ A FINE PAYING SALOON HAND-
•■'"V. somely fitted np; good trade; excel-
lent location; reasonable rent and small expense;
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address V. X.,
box 82. Call Office.
p ROCERY. STORE. WITHOUT BAB: FINE
VJ fixtures; splendid outside trade: 3 living
rooms; rent $25: just the thing for man and wife;
price $400. Inquire of A. ABBECK, 1140 Market.
/ 1 ROCERY AND BAR; 2 FURNISHED 1,1 V-
VX ing-rooms ;| just the place for man and wife;
no reasonable offer refused, j Apply call Office. |
C» I rjr BRANCH BAKERY, STATIONERY-
«3p I I '-)• store; cheap; account of death. Apply
this office. . = .;/f\r-ii < : -t:
T?OR "" SALE— WOOD AND COAL . YARD:
X' horse and 2 wagons ;. central location. Address
Call Office.
TTi IRS 1 -CLASS BRANCH BAKERY; Fix"
A tures for sale; cheap. 155 Grove st.
WANT CORNER GROCERY' OR; SUITABLE
' ' store, with living-rooms. C. H., 1818 Polk »t.
VERY REASONABLE; ONE OF THE BEST
V dye works lv the city; perfectly equipped: long
lease; very low rent; artesian well; central loca-
tion. Particulars, branch office, 619 Valencia.
HAVING 2 RESTAURANTS— CHEAP;
trial given. Apply 1241 Market. ',.
<sjl i\(\C\ HALF INT BREST IN OLD ESTAB-
X \.i\J V/. UsUed, well stocked, good . paring
general store out of town; double value in Bißb^;
trial given; 1 runner retiring. Apply Call Office.
BRANCH BAKERY, CANDIES, CIGARS AND
XJ tobacco, laundry office. 317 V 2 o'Farrell st.|
TJHJR SALE — INSIDE EVENING PAPER
X 1 route; price moderate. Apply 426 Eddy, fore-
noon. ■•■ 1 . . ;
THIRST-CLASS GOOD-PAYING BAKERY,
X cheaD, on account of death. Call Office.
WILL TRADE OR EXCHANGE BAKERY
-'" outfit, horso and buggy, electric fan, bicycle,
orange land, town lots. Columbia, 128 Fourth.- .
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
forcasli: city or country. : M., box 2. Call.
GOOD ROUTE KO SALE OX THIS PAPER.
Apply T. I. RIOBDAN. 63a Market, room 3.
GOOD OPPORTUNITY ; SELLIN<* : OUT TO
close estate; business est. since 1869: amount
needed $40,000; owner will remain if arrangement
can be made. Address F. P., box 187, Call Office.
-.- A vVEjc;K ; B NEWS FOR 5 . CENTS—
XV WEEKLY CALL. In -wraDDer. for mailing.
Pit; irE SSIOXAL CARDS.
JOHN R. AITKEN ANDMAURICEL. ASHER.
d attorneys at law, rooms 51&, 816. fifth floor,
Parrott biiildli:g.
BAt'GAGK TRANSFER!
rpiu NKS MOVEDT2SCENTa COMMERCIAL
Alrausfer company, 43 Sutter st; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.' .
:';-.: :.'.-. : _; - -^3[gWKiTJi;R3.. ~^
■DEMINOTON. $35: SMITH. $60; SKND FOR
At sample wort. SCOTT & BANN AN,333Mnt s myCITY HEAL ESTATE,
p I . UMBaJ-N A CO.
ItEAI. ESTATE AGENTS. '
Oflj an 1 salesrooms. 3 4 Montgomery St.. near
Jt»rk-> .
!',aßi; INS .Tt: T lil OKIVED.
. •
CJ I r -E I >G E 1) 1 X V KssT M • NT.
Q! I oAA NORTH BEACH INVEST* ;
«1M oJ.OUU. niem: lot fn>n r.t; on 3 streets:
ccjJ ted by fair improvements: paying high rate
oi lifreu on this nniocti;; dat,. 1 -. -•"■,-'
DO IN I'OWS FLAT-'. FLATS OF
. -•■ S MAGNIFICENT FLATS OK
»..i«r- . 7,, njtsand bath each; all mod-
erilconv.iiieiic S ; r'.iiui;K tor *11- 5U per month;
-tjektun .■»;., nrnr .Sut.cr.
S_.TK BUSINESS INVESTMENT.^ ;
_>nn a t\^ cTunv ; t-vti ablk irOR AN v
tiIOUUU. business; story bui iliug; 10 rooms;
»»ove . ounil flour; Jessie St., neur Ist
_T_» inn GRKJ3X ST., NR- HYDE, FRONT
O-UU, sm,l rear bulldlnfcs, lot running
tarough. to refir street; owner very anxious 10
•ell; make an off t.
N FI-.ATS CHBAP. ON .3D ST.,
& OQA, . 2 NICE NKW FLATS ON 23DST.,
ijpOoUl/, nr. Sanchez, f ana 6 room 3 and bath
each; r'Lit $34; 25xS0: conveniently situated to
car lines.
SOUTH SIDE PBOPI AT A BARGAIN.
C 4 CAAA R-SS .>».. NR. HOWARD, S A NO.
tTOVUU. flats; rev.- $64 per month; 40x100;
part vacant.
NEW MISSION FIATS. .
<_»O_»AA 2 NICE FLATS 5 ROOMS AND
<JjS_)DUU. bath 1 uch; modern; rent $25; 26x100.
MARINE VIEW REBIDENCE LOT.
<E»KKnn GREEN, NEAR BUCHANAN;
*£) utIUU. off- red at this low price to make Im-
mediate sale: unobstructed view; 50x110.
MUST BE SOLD.
C-Q- A|i KACH; 3 FINE HOCSES ROOMS
Oi )\-'i ' and bath each: Turk and Steiner: this
property is offered cheap to close out at once.
CHOICE BUILDING LOT FOR FLATS.
<2 *)9 \f\ BUCHANAN, NR. GOLDEN GATE
O ■'-••-'-''■'• aye.; 2 modern flats on this lot at an
outlay of $30U0 would net 1 per cent on the in-
vestment; 18x137:6.
NOKTH BEACH TENEMENTS.
QOAAA GREENWICH ST., NR. KEARNY;
-«""• fair improvements; bargain. '
MISSION BARGAIN.
SQTfkfi 2 NICE FLATS OF 5 AND 4
O<.'IUU. rooms and ba:h each; brick fonnda-
I on"; bay-windows; 2atti 5.., nr. Sanchez.
PRESIDIO HEIGHTS RESIDENCE LOT.
<t_P\P»nn WASHINGTON ST., NR. LAU-
<D-»«JUU. r»l; 60x102:8; unobstructed marine
view.
CHEAP MISSION CORNER.
Ql QAA CORNER LOT; 25x101:6; ON 22D
»iP X O\J\J. St., close to car line; fine location for
- or 3 flats; sun all day.
GOOD SPECULATION.
QMAFtfI GORE LOT IN FLINT TRACK;
t£!\)K)\J. short distance from 17th and Castro.
GILT EDGE INSIDE INVESTMENT.
C_7?inA MAKE OFFER; 2 BAY-WINDOW
<£* I •JUI/. residences on Clay St.; contain 8
rooms and bath each; rent $63; tenant pays water.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE COTTAGE,
CHEAP.
Q== AA BROADWAY: NICE LOCATION;
ir'OO\J\J. marine view; 6 roomsand bath; nice
garden: 80x112:6.
WESTERN ADDITION TENEMENTS— CHEAP
(JOAAA PIERCE ST., NEAR ELLIS-ST.
tJOUUU. cars: 2 nice tenements; 25x90.
PARK FLATS.
<& -AAA 3 NICE BAY-WINDOW FLATS ON
v 7 ( UUU. Page St., overlooking the park: 6 and
6 rooms and bath each; very moaern; rent $65;
mortgage of 35000 can remain; -5x95.
MISSION COTTAGE; SACRIFICE.
<£ I GO.A WILL ENTERTAIN AN OFFER;
<p ' V\J\J. Clipper-st. cottage Of 4 rooms and
bath; 26x114; small amount cash.
MISSION FLATS AT A BARGAIN.
V I*;^n 14TH ST., NEAR HOWARD; 2
O-ii)u« nice flats of 4 and 5 rooms and bath
each ; rent $34.
GOLDEN GATE AYE,; FINE INVESTMENT.
(jj/QAA reduced: GOLDEN GATE AVK..
f^\)O\J\J. near Buchanan St.; 2 houses In flats:
rent $38; front part or lot vacant; 27-6x137 :6.
COMPULSORY SALE.
<£»- FLAA MAKE AN OFFER: NICE RESI.
f^OO(J\J. dence of 8 rooms and bath, on Noe
St.; extra size lot. 32x162; high mortgage; fore-
closure threatened.
MISSION TENEMENTS.
ftnn'ft CLIPPER ST., NEAR CHURCH:
•3>_-U_»U. fair improvements; renting $23; 25x
•114.
CHEAP INSIDE CORNER,
CM! C\(\ NIC- CORNER ON GREENWICH
•ptii-UU. _t., near Mason: suitable for grocery
or frultstore.
Call and obtain one of our ••Real Estate Records,"
which contains a list of properties for sale In all
parts of the city. G. H. UMB.EN <£ CO.,
14 Montgomery st,
WILL E. FISHER A CO., REAL ESTATE
tV Agents and General Auctioneers; bouses
rented; rents collected: properties cared for; In-
surance. 14 Post st. ____
RICHMOND.
© J A B ST., NEAR 23D AYE. : $25 DOWN,
«4P*_:OU. $5 per month.
<tt.7-a -OTH AYE., BET. POINT LOBOS
. «iD * 01/ • and Clement; MHro road close by;
street macadamized a_d sawered.
j>-|AEA 25x120: 2D AYE., NEAR POINT
0 1 Ut)". Lobos; lots on Clement st; marine
view; Sutro Railroad; *100 down, $10 per month.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
ojjJTOC EACH: 2 LOTS OF EXCELLENT LO-
_)___) cation.
WESTERN ADDITION.
rt»/?AA BOYCE ST., NR. GEARY; LOTS
. t_SUUU. 25x120: $50 down. $10 per month.
C'OAA LOTS IN Bt,K. COR. GEARY AND
«S_JUU. Williamson; 25x120; $50 down. $10
per month.
f,i-r/\ y. SIDE SACRAMENTO, W. OF
«_SXOOU. Cherry: "7 :6xl'-7 a bargain.
<_»! 7oA ELEGANT LOT, 25x100; EAST
_)li O\J. side Lyon St., bet. Hayes and Grove:
cheapest in Panhandle.
<->CAA WxlS2; SACRAMENTO, NR. DE-
£7*-vjUv/. vlsadero: no reasonable offer refused.
Gj'JQnA NOTHING CHEAPER; McALLIS-
t3>_-OUU. ter, nr. Steins; 25x100; must be sold.
MISSION.
<2» 1 -1 f\(\ LOTS COR. 23D AND DOUGLASS
.«s)lXUU.sts.; $50 down, $10 per month; ready
to build on.
©1 9flfl 25x114; 18TH ST., NEAR NOE;
O 1--UU. electric road: make offer.
C_Ol7rt ONLY 3 LEFT; FOLSOM ST.
t*jL I I U. (grand boulevard of the Mission), bet.
24th and 26th sts.
IMPROVED.
ffl?^'7^A COTTAGE; 20TH ST., NR. CAS-
— Ov. tro: $250 down.
C_9'-!nn ■ >Rlci " REDUCED ON ELEGANT
i7-i)UU. new r>-room cottage on 6th aye., near
Point Lobos aye. ; must be sold within ten days;
$500 down.
(J;'<)'f) WEBSTER ST., NR. JACKSON:
C'J_i>U. lot 25x100: substantial 6- room
bouse; lot worth the money.
<_: (A. IAA 2 ELEGANT NEW, MODERN
«_?OXUU. flats: Baker, nr. Washington: rent
$55.
<J_7f%fin HOUSE OF 3 ELEGANT FLATS:
«JJ) I OUU. Guerrero St., nr. 17th; Income $67.
€i'l r f\f\(\ CHOICE NE. COR. ON POLK
«Jp XO.V/UU. St.; business It-enter; store and 11
rooms above: rent $100; must be sold: makeoffer.
SIX 60 VARAS ON THE APEX AND PlN-
nacle of the choicest, residence site in the city;
for rale in 50-varas or subdivisions; location, Clay
and Ostavta sts; marine view north, south, east
and west, Impossible of obstruction: the famous
Lafayette. Park, now known as Holladay Heights;
title absolutely perfect: terms reasonable.
Houses and lots for sale in all parts of the city.
Call for lists.
WILL. E. FIPHER A CO., 14 Post st
___________________________
CAfEE BKOTHEitsi
real estate brokers
AND financial AGENTS,
108 montgomery ST.
pp.opi-p.ties for exchange.
TO EXCHANGE FOR PROPERTY WEST-
WARD.
G»£fiHfl TURK, NEAR WEBSTER; 26:6 x
♦tSJIU-'U. 1*0; 2 fronts: cottage of 7 rooms,
bath: comfortable home; property will Improve.
TO EXCHANGE FOR SAN FRANCISCO OR
OAKLAND PROPERTY.
CM ) AAA wej-ster ST., NEAR va-
«3)l_j.UUU. llejp; new residence of 1. rooms;
all latest improvements: electric lights, gas fires.
fprnace; natural woods; tinted walls ; desirable
lot:. i. on; delightful horn-. -. 5 : , . \
a 150...
C* QfIAA NORTHEAST CORNER ON SAN-
3pr)UUU. chez st, near 24th St., 86x76; street
work done: lot on grade; would sell In subdi-
visions. _____
TO EXCHANGE FOR MISSION PROPERTY.
(_J£iO£>A, LYON.NEARGEARY; 57:6x201:6
£J)U~tJU. and L 40x101:6; a largo lot with 2
neat fiats; renting for $432 per annum: inexpen-
sive improvements would make this property pay
good income.
. ....Atso....
<Si( i ftf\(\ SETTER ST.. EAST OF SCOTT:
•£)\j\J\Jy*l. -7:6x62:6; 2 stories: store and 2
rooms below; flat of 5 roomsand bath above; small
stable: all substantially built and in good order;
rents $540; another rial and more rooms could be
added. . . ____'
MCAFEE BROS., 108 Montgomery st.
an RAFAEL;' LOT wokth $3.100- for
$1600; nicest lot in town: 75x130; on accepted
street J. R. KOCHK, San Rafael.
ffl« A< \ -FOB SALE; 6 FLATS, 1 8 ROOMS ;
<iD___»U_». $500 cash. Owner, 1024 Leaven-
worth st. •
aj-lIAA at the MISSION, HOUSE 4
(jlllUU. rooms and 2 lots, with outhouses to
accommodate horse, cow and fowl; c >sy terms;
bar. for poor man. Inquire 1317 Folsom.
T7OR IX— I.KNCI ST. CORNSR AT A
JD sacrifice. Apply to owner, KELLY, 102 Eddy.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON „ BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 6-6 Market
1 "a ft(\(\ rent $1584 per ANNUM:
tlDXt^.i/UU. excellent improvements: lot 60x
180; two fronts: Suiter at., near Buchanan.
CjlO AAA MAGVIFICRNT BUSINESS
<2)X_-.UUw. corner on Flllmore st, 29 :t;xl 00.
entirely covered with t>ufcs:uhiiul Improvements;
large store; first-class location for grocery.
■pOSTST.. NEAR JONES: LARGE HOUSE IN
X first-class condition; 10 rooms and bath; only
$15,000. .
HOME ON HAVES ST.: ON .Y s3ooo ASKED;
an offer solicited; 6 rooms and bath; lot
26x72*6; sunny side.
CHOICE CALIFOI'NIA-ST. HOME, SUNNY
side, near Hti-iner: 2 frontages: terms easy:
will take lot In pan payment: owner leaving city.
©in AAA EDDY, NR. GOUGH; MAN-
f'lO.'lUu. sion of 14 rooms and bath; lot
.8:9x120 to rear street
C_f»OAf\ STEINERST., NEAR PINE; NEW
iJluiUl', cottage Just completed; 5 rooms and
bath; 25x103:6.
PARK RESIDENCE; FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
X 9 rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
25x137:6; only $7260. MADISON * BURKE. •
©ft&AA WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
tJT* UtJv"'. doro— 7 rooms and bath: conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON it BURKE.
QAt\f\f\ EVERETT, BET. 3D AND 4TH;
t|P -IOUU. 4 nice flats; rents $56; lot 57:6x80.
Qf>AAA PAGE, NEAR BRODERinK; JttESI-
«_*UUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 26x
.7:6. MADISON A BURKE.
© Xifinn 4 FLATS: STEVENSON ST., NEAR
CDOvUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:6.
street accepted. MADISON A BURKE.
! i
C_7O,nfl RUBS, NEAR FOLSOM; 2 HOUSES,
<fl) I UUU. 50x100; well rented for $63 per
month; part of lot still vacant.
©99 A A 9TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA: 2
'Tr)__UU. fiats 4 rooms and bath each: rents
$25; lot 25x120.
CfQfifirt RENTS $356 PER ANNUM; 3
tJpOUUU. flats; Natoma, nr. First; 23:6x75.
QJ99AA. REDUCED; LARGE INCOME;
iiP^___UU. Shipley, nr. 6th; 2 flats: lot 2_x75.
3UI 700 CORTLAND AYE., COB. BEN-
tjpX t \J\J. nlnerton; store and 4 rooms and stable
for 3 horses; lot 25x100.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
60x190; Waller, near Scott; 2 frontages; will sell
in subdivisions.
$4500— 24 th, NE. cor. Vlcksburg; 60x114.
65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$2700-Broderick, nearßusn: E. side: 30x103.
$3250— Hayes, nr. Fiilmore: 25x157:6.
$240')— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
82200— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
.'-050— Ridley, near Scott; 25x117:6.
$2000 each— 2 lots on Bush, near Broderick: re-
duced from $3000.
$1800— Noe, near 18th: 25x110.
$1300— 19tb, near Sanchez: 25x114. 1
000— Hancock, near Sanchez; 25x114.
*800— Pt. Lobos. nr. 28th aye.; 25x100.
MADISON <fc BURKE, 626 Market st
A. H. Lissak. O. F. Yon Hheis.
OF. YON RHEIN A CO., REAL ESTATE
• Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613
California street.
$15,0C0— McAllister, ' near Buchanan; 53:9 x
137:6; 2 flats, store and coalyard; rents $105.
I.ooo— Page, near Octavla; 27x120 to Lily
aye. ; 2-story fiats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
! $60.
$9000— Jones, near Greenwich: 40x137:6; 4 new
bay-window fiats of 5 and 6 rooms and batn each ;
rents $95.
$8000— Folsom, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house; 20 rooms; rents $55.
Antonio, near Jones; rear to above lot;.
22x68:9; 2 flats: 10 rooms: rents $30.
$7000— Chestnut, near • Dupont; 40x1-2:6 to
Pfelffer; double 2-story house on each frontage:
rents $64; will sell either frontage. <
$6600— Oak. near Lacuna: 27:6x120 to rear
1 street: 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; rents ;
: $32 60.
*6£oo— Prclfle St., near Hyde: 23x80; front;
house 2 flats, 10 rooms and bath; rear house 4
rooms: rent* $13.
*6000— Va'.Iejo, near Sansome; 36x57:6; 4-story i
tenements: rents $57.
$6000— Chenery, near 30th; 81x125; rear; !
street on railroad ; 123x125; 2 houses
$5500— Ellis, near Buchanan: 25:9x60; brand-
new cottage; all modern improvements; 6 rooms
and bath.
$5200— Vallejo, near Leavenworth: 43:9x137:6: I
two front and one rear house; 16 rooms ana oath; '
rents $46.
$5000— San Jose aye., near 24th st; 27x175; 8
rooms end lath: line grounds.
$5000— Jones, near Greenwich; 22:6x137:6; 3-
story residence: 10 rooms.
$4250-Broderick and Clay -,27:6x100; 2-story
bouse: 6 rooms and bath.
£4000 — Bryant, near 4th; 20x80; 2-story houpe
of 9 rooms and bath.
Bartlett, near 26th; 25x75; 2-story j
boose, 7 rooms and bath.
$3800— San Carlos aye., near 21st st.;. 22:6x75;
2-story house. 2 flats, 7 rooms: $2550. ' >'■ '
. $3500— GouKh and Lombard; 58x84: private
residence. ■ - .
$3300— Larkin. bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-!
Story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy .
terms: 22:8x99.
$3000— Pacific, near Hyde; 20x73; 2 flats; rents '
$26.
Himmelman, through to Salmon; 20x60;
house on eacn frontage: rent 829.
$2850— Broadway, near Leavenworth; 22:11 x
137:6; rear house and stable.
$2500— Le Roy place, near Sacramento st: 22:4
x 58:9: --story house, 2 flats, 10 rooms: reuts $-0.
$2400— Kennebec, near Jefferson; 60x70; Gift
Map No. 2; 2 cottages; 9 rooms and bath: rent $ 2.
$1600— Moulton. near Montgomery and Green;
2_:Gx62:6: 2-story house: 2 fiats; rents $18.
$1350— Lincoln, near Jones: 22x70: cottage, 5
rooms.
$1300— Greenwich, near Montgomery: 43:2 x
76; one 2-story and 2 cottages. .
UNIMPROVED.
$7000— Filbert, near Leavenworth: 75x87:8;
will subdivide into 3 lots.
Valencia, near 25th-st railroad station; 81x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
$4600-23 d and Florida; 75x104.
$2250— near Baker: 25x105.
$1900— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1-00—4 lots; Ocean road, near _4tn; 100x80. !
$1200— Cor. B and 25th aye.: 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 50x250 through I
to Ellen.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. :
20x65 to rear street.
f 900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114. j
$800— Park Lane Tract ; 2 lots, block R, Serpen- I
tine road. |
MUST BE SOLD TO CLOSE AN ESTATE.
Church, near 26th; 100x100.
Twenty-seventh, near Noe: 160x140.
Twenty-eighth, near Sanchez; 2 lots, each 25:8 x
114. ,
CORNER OCTAVIA AND VALLEJO: 8
rooms and bath; 25x112:6: half cash.
Bryant; nr. 19th; flats (modern); 25x100.
Golden date aye., nr. Laguna st.; 6 rooms, bath;
27:6x120.
$2250— Floriaa St.; 7 rooms: 26x100.
Sacramento st., nr. Devlsa_ero; cottage. 6 rooms,
bath; _3x132:6.
$1000 — Ewer place, nr. Sacramento and Mason;
two frontage.; -ox6o.
LOTS. LOTS. , LOTS.
Baiter, nr. California; 27:6 or 55 by 82:6.
$2250— C0r. Castro and Jersey sts.; 30x70.
$850— Mission St., nr. Brazil; 25x83:6.
$80U— st., nr. Sanchez; 35x125.
25th St., nr. Dolores' 50x114.
$300— Bes-vortU St.. nr. Mission road: 26x100.
SSOO-Lald:ey st. nr. Eoanoke; 25x100.
$200— Butler, nr. Counland aye. ; 25x70.
Cor. 20th and Diamond sts.: 110x125.
Cheap lots in all the homesteads.
W. H. CRIM A CO., 118 Montgomery st
1 OW TAXES! PROTECTION! BUY NOW!
<J_l 1 Oft ONLY $450 CASH; DOUBLE LOT:
tj) I'M/. 60x125; street macadamized and
sewered; good view; near Castro and 21st; $1900
was offered; a pickup. .
lf\n CLEMENT ST., NR. 6TH AYE.:
«3pXXUU. 25x100: sewered; car lines.
©91 HA LARGE LOT; 77:6x56 AND
»_7—I.UU. small house on Klmball place, near
Sacramento and Leaven worth : low price.
<flj AAA DOUBLE LOT; 27TH AYE., NORTH
tjp^UU. of Clement st and Sutro road; eleva
ted lot; depressed price.
H. A. POEULMAN, Real Estate Agent, 415
Montgomery st
"RICHMOND DISTRICT BARGAINS.
POINT LOBOS, CLIFF HOUSE. 41ST, 42D
X and 43d ayes.: choice lots on electric-car line.
GORE LOT; 650 FKKT MAIN FRONT AOKS
on Point 1.01.05. Cliff House, 42d and 43d uves.
BERN A L HEIGHTS GIFT MAP LOTS, COR.
Seigel and Powhattan aye.; easy payments. ■
C. H. REYNOLDS & CO..
__j_ ■ 323 Montgomery st
_________ _ . _ _
HOMES TN THE
HEYMAN TRACT— HEYMAN TRACT
At prices and terms to sul your circumstances;
tiii'.st residence location In the city: streets graded
and sewered; Spring Valley water piped: a mag-
nificent view, a healthy locality and ft good nMgh-
'< borhoo.; come in and talk it over: we can arrange
terms and plans just as you wish them; over 60
homes bulU; 160 Jots already sold; lake Castro-st
car to 22d St., or Missions . car, transferring at
22d st JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
(JJjT AXA WILL BUY NEAT 4-ROOM COT-
•IrXUUU ta ge, hard finished; large. basement,'
Including level 10' : $150 down; $16 monthly: near
Misslon-st. cars. JACOB HKYMAN, 11 Montgy.
BUILDING AND INVESTMENT LOIS FROM
JJ $75 up, on $5 monthly payments. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st
HOUSES BUILT TO ORDER. * ~
PAYMENTS SAME AS RENT.
C_Qnn hots:; and LOT. .
i£)'J\J\J. $100 cash and $12 60 per month.
CUT 9flfl HOUBM AND LOT.
«3!)X_-UU. f 150 cash and $15 per mo^th.
<i_l XAA HOUSE AND LOT NOW READY.
rJpX«JUU. $200 cash and $20 per month.
Come to 3900 Mission, opp. 81. Mary's College.
iriAA DEVISADKRO ST., N I N K- ROOM
Of)\J\J. house In the best of condition, lot
26:6x106; if you want a nice home cheap see this.
QAA SOUTH ■ BRODERICK ST.. OVER-
<JpOV/U. looking City, large lot; must sell; fine
buildings 111 the neighborhood: a snap.
J. W. WRIGHT A CO., 6-8 Market st
FOR SALE — ELEGANT NEW 12 - ROOM
house; salon parlors: reception and billiard
rooms; furnace heat; opposite park. - 1917 Oak st
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
STOKES AND FLATS. — ~— ~~-
■ ■>.*■ • . Fine corner: all rented.
CO* 1 9 7?\f\ NX - C(JR - OF FRANKLIN AND
is)X£,. I O\J. Fulton sts.; 50x80; improve-
ments, stores and flats: rent $102. '
itr-i- :".-.'. Baldwin * hammond,
■ ■ . 10 Montpromery st.
DROBATE BALK. ~~
X Make an offer.
Big income.
<5>K9F;n RENT *59 MONTHLY; TEHAMA
*ff)_>^__)U. St., nr. 3d; 2 houses; lot .sxBo.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
• 10 Montgomery st
IpiNE new flats. ~~
• " Rent *660 per annum.
<Ei^Q^fi FULTON ST.; 2 NEW BAY-WIN-
r^iVOOKJ. dow flats, 6 and 7 rooms: lot 25x100. .
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ - -10 Montgomery st.
OWNTOWN INVESTMENT^ ~™~
.-■..: Pays handsomely.
©Rfinn 618 PINE st.: 2-story .BRICK
«TpUUUU. building: leased for 860 net; tenant
pays for water and repairs.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, I
2^ 10 Montgomery st.
ODERN FLATS . „ ~~~~
In Western Addition; cheap.
© 1 Qf^n Fnlton st; near Lyon ; 2 flats, 5 and
<3)_r»y_»V. 6 rooms, etc.; both rented for $43;
25x137:6. BALDWIN- HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st.
T ARGE LOT; MARINE VIEW:
XJ . .House 10 rooms.
C2_lfi^A LOT 57:6X137:6; SUNNY SID
C'lUwu.ol street: improvements; 2-story
residence of 10 rooms and bath; close to l aiifor-
nla-st cars. BALDWIN _ HAMMOND,
'. 10 Montgomery st.
pRICK 850. i ~~- ~~
X . Rent $27 monthly.
SMALL STREET, CLOSE TO THIRD ST.;
2 fiats, 'i and 5 rooms; also rear house.
.; BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
rj 10 Montgomery st.
A forced sale.
■A- Submit an offer.
<2»7OCA DBVISADERO ST., NEAR PAGE;
«Jp I--UU. modern fiats; cost $6250 to build;
contain 6 and 7 rooms, bath, etc.; lot 25:6x110.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND.
10 Montgomery st
GOOD SPECULATION. ~
BOUND TO ADVANCE IN VALUE.
fflJQO'r.A 19 LOTS ON J ST., BET. 18TH AND
«JP O_-_>U. l.th ayes.: 2 corners: big bargain.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
AKGAINS IN LOTS. I ~~~
$2000— Fine NE. corner: Castro and Elizabeth
sts.; 26:6x105; abt>rgain: street work done.
$7000— scott st, near Pacific aye.; 4Ux112; a
bargain.
$.500— Biggest kind of a bargain ; lot on N. side
of Bush st., E. of Scott; 27:6x137:6: must be sold.
$800— tot near corner of 12th and Market sts.;
a big bargain.
$3500— California st- bet Baker and Lyon; _5x
137:6.
$700 each— 3 lots on 11th aye., bet. Lake and
California sts.; 26x120 each: 850 cash, $10
monthly.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st
AYE YOUR DOLLARS.
INVEST THEM SECURELY.
Golden Gate Park lots. 9th and 10th ayes., H
and I sts., fronting the park; make money easy
by buying one ot these cheap lots; all streets
graded and macadamized.
■ .' - ' Price $760 and upward.
Only $50 cash.
Balance $10 monthly.
BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND,
: • . 10 Montgomery st
CtTfifl EACH. "
tP i UU $50 CASH.
$10 MONTHLY.
Cheapest lots In Richmond; 11th and 12th ayes.,
bet. Lake and Ca'.iiornia sts. : fine level lots, -5x
1-0 each; streets graded, sewered aud macadam-
ized; near the California-st. cars and Sutro's elec-
tric road; only a very few left.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
A FEW REASONS ;• ~ "
J\- WHY THEY SELL SO FAST.
Location unsurpassed.
Lots $.60 to $400.
Term— ss cash. $5 mpnthly.
Streets graded, sewered and macadamized.
Water pireJ to every lot.
Take the Uuerrero-st electric cars (Mission or
Valencia transfer at 14th), ride to Cbenery and
Castro sts , and see the Castro-st Addition. No
lots in the city so good for the price, either for in-
vestment or home site.
BALDWIN A HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery st.
HAINWALD. UUCKBEE A CO, KEA- jBS-
-1 ATE AGENTS,
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
HOUSES RENTER
$7000— Handsome modern residence In Golden
Gate Park District; Belvedere st., near Frederick:
10 rooms, ba h and basement; convenient and
modern in every respect; lot 25x121:6 feet
$3500— Alabama St., near Twenty-first; 2-story
c.;ta-o of 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x10U ft.; cheap.
$.00— California st., north side. bet. 9th and 10th
ayes.: lot -5x1(10 feet; easy terms,
j $600— Lake st-., near Bth avei: -5x72 ft: cheap:
■ $6*oo--:- W. corner on Webster su, below Geary,
very i;ood 2 story and basement house of 8 rooms
and tmtU and stable; lot 24x93:6 feet.
! $1400— Very cheap; Lou st., nr. Golden Gate
aye. : 25x100 feet; $400 mortgage can remain at
6\<j percent,
Calif ornla-st. corner residence: " con-
i tains 10 large rooms and bath; lot 3i:4 1 /i feet
front. . • .
•*lO 000— Pacific aye., N side; 2 good houses;
rent $60; lot 47:4x10.0 feet; lot alone Is worth the
price asked.
$s*so— Capp at., nr. 22d; new modern flats of 4
and 5 rooms and bath each; rents $45; lot 25 _
122:6 feet.
$6000— Only $SCO cash: balance $20 monthly;
new house on .^iAllisier-st. cable line: close to
park; 10 rooms and bath with porcelain tub; pret-
tily decorated. lor fall particulars apply nt office..
$7000— Price reduced: NE. cor. Pine mid Laguna
sts.: very good bouse of 9 rooms and bath; street
accepted; sidewalk stone; a bargain.
$7500— Price reduced from $9000; very good
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms and bath; Wash-
ington st., near Broderick; s reet bitumen; side-
walk stone-; mortgage $350 v, can remain; lot 25x
127:81*.
$5500— Corner Bush and Broderick sts.; cottage
of 8 rooms and bath: large lot, 84x100 feet; lot
alone is worth the price asked; the last of a row of
4 cottages; the other 3 have all beeu sola within
the past month.
$4600— Rents $684 ocr annum; price reduced
from $6500: very good Improvements on street
close to Howard: lot 25x100 feet.
I • $810— Twenty-first st., north line, near Hamp-
! shire, Mission warm belt; lots 25x84:6.
$700 -Twenty-first St., near Hampshire; lot
I 25x70.
$1260— Stevenson st., near 14th, sewered and
macadamized:. 2sx6s feet
$6500— SW. cor. on Webster St.; two-story and
1 basement of 8 rooms: bath; stable, etc.; lot 24x
93:6: rents $40.
$2600— Richmond cottage; W. line of Bth aye.,
near California si. ; almost new; 4 rooms and bath ;
7-foot basement; lot 25x120.
■ $2400— Sunny side of Clay st, near Lyon; 25:6 x
90. or 2 lots at the same rale.
$3500— Seymour between Scott and Devlsa-
dero and Turk and Golden i.ate aye.; substantial
2-story house of 6 rooms and bath: street bitu-
men; sidewalk stone; lot 26x90; $1000 cash, bal-
ance in monthly payments of .20 if desired.
$2500 eacn— 3 lots on . Sacramento, near Lyon;
street work all done and accepted by the city; lots
25x1«i2.
$2250— Lyon, near Clay: lot 25x112:5.
The above Is only a partial list We will be glad
to furni_b a complete list on application.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.. Mills building.
JOHN I'FOHH, 329 MOXTGOMERT ST., OPP.
Safe Deoosit, offers for sale:
' $7500-- McAllister st., east from Buchanan;
27:6x120 to street in rear; with double flat, bay-
window; rent $50. ...
$20,000— Geary st; fine corner property; stores
and dwelling*; paying $140 rent
$32,500— Eddy-gt properly, near Mason; rent-
Ing at $160. •
$32,500— Fine downtown O'Farrell-st business
property ; rents $160.
$3900— 2-story 6-room house, in . fashionable
neighborhood. .
Cheap— Masonic avenue, north of Frederick
St.: lot .5x106:3; all on the grade.
$6-00— line corner, near Ellis and Webster:
2-story: bay-window: lot 24x95: rent $40.
«'.'060-Soth St.: 5-room house: lot 25x125.
$3000— Natoma st ; 2-story; 8 rooms; lot 25x70:
rent $30. .
$-8,600— A snap; the NW. corner of Mission
and 17th Bts.; a block of 2-story bay-window
houses; 3 stores and 3 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath each; h! so 2 6-room cottages on 17th st.; lot
66x100; rent $2280 per annum. '
$37,000— Splendid paying property on one of the
business streets leading to the Park; paying $300
pr r month, and will greatly improve In value.
$8000— St., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
Improvements: renting at $30.
$-000—6 rooms and bath; house, corner 26th st,
near Valencia. ' '
UNIMPROVED.
' $3200— st, n--ar Baker; 25 or 50 by 110,
$3100— Corner on Fiilmore st : 24x82.
$1250-25x80; 21th st. near Dolores.
$800— Noe St., near 30th; lot 36:6x75. 1
$3500— Lot 75x100 feet; cor. 19th and Eureka
sts.; make offer.
«n'A DOWN, $1250 SAME AS RENT,
«jP_-«JU.~ buys nearly new cottage; cost $2800,
Is offered for amount of mortgage.
$2200— store property (new), live country town,
rented $40.
' •3500—2 flats near Hyde st. : lot has two fronts.
$12,000— 6 corner flats(nearly new); rents $116:
all rented.
Other bargains at A. M. SPECK <fc CO.'S, bO2
Market St. ! ' ' • :■■' ' ■ ■ ■- ;
<2i I K?\ft houses BUILT .ON INSTALL-
»Tp 1 U«JU. ment plan of 4 rooms and bath: one
block from Mission st, bet. 29ih and 30th; small
deposit required. < all at UEWEY COFFlN.agent
in cigar-store, 29th and Mission sts. : {■ \ . .
ISSION COTTAGES. .
In the warm belt near terminus of Howard st.
cars iit 24th st. and Potrero aye. ; all street work
finished: terms to suit; five sold this month by
F. NELSON, builder, on premises:
■ Five-room cottage. . -
$19f.O— Five-room cottage. ■ . ■ ' .-.'■■
• 800— Four-room cottage.
$16C0— Four-room cottace.
$1400— Four-room cottage. ■' - ■ - . • .
370,0 FINE PLACE FOR A TEAMSTER,
*ipO I UU. near Bryant and. Sixth sts.; 2-story
bouse of 7 rooms: stable for 4 horses and 3 wagons:
street accepted ; size 37:6x80. JAMES W. COLE-
MAN, 24 Montgomery st ; "
SUBSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSE BUILT
O at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES MgCONAHEY, 1149 Mission st
, CITY : RE AL^. EST ATE.
ELEGANT HOME. ~ -~—
must BE sold,
sutter .near FRANKLIN. "
©I Af]f\f\ A HANDSOME RESIDENCE
•IT ' t.l.'vU. of 9 rooms and bath, on north side
of Sutter st.: well built and in fi.st-class condition;
fine neighborhood : lot 3UX120 i feet, I through Ito
Austin st. iSASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
-' , 638 Market St. ,
ONLY $1000 CASH REQUIRED.
ELEGANT FLATS.
; SACRIFICED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE.
©QCAA 2 HANDSOME MODERN FLATS,
tip t/UUU. nearly new, of 8 rooms and bah
each, on a corner facing the park panhandle: beau-
tifully decorated and elegantly finished Inside and
outside: entrance on different streets to each flat;
lot 26x91:2 feet; mortgage of $8500 at 7 per cent
interest can remain.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO.,
- 638 Market st.
A SACRIFICE.
MUST BE SOLD.
ACCOUNT FORECLOSURE.
ffijjf|fwj A SUBSTANTIAL TWO-STORY
tip _r UUU. house of 8 rooms, bath and high
basement; also stable; large lot 30x1 15. ft.; on
15th st, half a block north of Market St.; mort-
gage 8000 can remain.
• . EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
. 638 Market st
1/>INE INVESTMENT.
-C DESIRARLB FLATS.
. ALWAYS RENTED.
©QCAA THREK MODERN FLATS OF 8,
fffOtJ\J\J. 7 and 6 rooms and bath on north side
"of Howard st., bet. Bth and 9th sts.; only four
years old; mortgage $5000 can remain; cost over
$12,000.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
' 633 Market st.
MODERN HOME . .
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
MARINE VIEW.
QlAAfl(\ HANDSOME TWO-STORY BESI-
tJI)T._tvU. dence of 7 rooms and bath on Bu-
chanan st.; only 6 years old; In A 1 condition:
porcelain bathtubs; everything new and modern.
i.ASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
. - 638 Market st
BIG VALUES
IN INCOME-PAYING PROPERTIES.
ALL SPECIAL BARGAINS.
Q>-[ QAA TWO FLATB OF 4 ROOMS EACH
XOUU. near ' Jonos and Sacramento sts ;
rents for $18 per month. .
$4250. ~~
FOUR HOUSES.
RENTS $62 PER MONTH.
NEAR FIFTH AND HARRISON.
LOi 37:6x112 FEET.
C_zl f\f\f\ A NORTHEAST CORNER ON
rf»'iUUU. Union st. containing store and 4
rooms; fine lot 37:6x6_:6 feet
$2750. . '
FIVE TENEMENTS.
CLARA STREET. NEAR FIFTH.
RENTS $40 PER MONTH.
EASTON, ELDRIDOE & CO.,
• 638 Market st.
T OT& LOTS. ~
XJ LOTS. LOTS.
- 00— Pacific aye., near Baker: 27:6x127:8.
$3600— Two choice lots on Presidio Heights; 60
xl 27:8: reduced from $4000.
$3500— Ellis st., near Steincr; 25x137:6.
$3000— Baker, near Oak ; 25x96:10.
$2300— Fulton, near Lott: 25x100.
$2250— Ashbury, near Fell; 25x106:3.
$2.so— Corner. 6th aye. and B St.: 32:6x100.
$.200— Walnut, near Clay; 25x112:6.
»2dOo— _2<i, mar Church: 50:11x114.
$2000— Flllmore, near Union ; 25x100.
$1500— XE. corner I and 17th aye.; 67:6x100.
$1050— 4 th aye., near California ; 25x120.
$900— 6 lots In Excelsior Homestead; 150x100.
$800—1 st, near 12th aye.: 25x100.
S7so— 10th aye., near California; 25x120.
$550-SW. cor. N and 13th aye.: 39:1x100.
EASTON, -SLDHIDGK A CO.,
638 Merket st.
T>URNHAM & MARSH CO., • . ~
X> 628 MARKET ST., OPP. PALACE HOTEL.
(Jin r\f\ft RENTS $145 A MONTH.
f3p±«7.UUU. Hayes-st. business property: lot
40x120, to rear street; close to Market st.; mort-
ga»ce $10,000 at 6V_ percent; offer wanted; fine
improvements: great bargain.
m> 1 7 AAA RENTS $165 A MONTH. ;;'
<Jp I 1 .UUU.' Powell st.: downtown property;
almost new; lot 44x10'.); a rare chance.
<J_/f*^?\n RENT $45 A MONTH.
•J5'!_«JU. Beautiful fiats near entrance to park;
extra fine bargain. _____
m>/»-i r A BKAUTIFUL W. A. RESIDENCE ]
*I)Ji)U. opposite plaza; lot alone worth price;
offer wanted at once.
BURNHAM A MARSH CO.,
628 Market St.. opp. Palace.
OR SALE— SS9 BRYANT ST., 25x80, 15
rooms; lot on 25th St., bet. Diamond and Doug-
lass, 80x114; lot on NW. cor. College and Dwigbt
sts., 100x1-0; 2 lot* on E. line of San Bruno road,
near 15th aye., 25x140: 2 lots on E line of Gates
st., 125 N. of Crescent aye., 50x70. Will be dis-
posed of by forced sale. Apply J. B. LEWIS,
436 Montgomery St., cor, of Sacramento.
SOL GJ-TZ <fc BROTHER,
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
Room A, First Floor. Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
WE BEAT THEM ALL.
Lower prices, easier terms and best locations.
Our Installments are eas'er than rent
<3>l OH TO $250— LOTS CAN BE BUILT ON
(jpIUU at once: ntar Mission ana San Mateo
Electric Car lints; only .5 monthly payment-
': feOL OETZ & BROTHER.
<2» 7 c TO $12U0-BEST LOCATED LOTS near
*J! I *) electric lines, north and south of park:
beautiful view of park, ocean, Strawberry Hill, op-
posite new music grounds, and Affiliated Colleges;
$5 and $10 monthly payments.
SOL GETZ _ BROTHER.
Call for maps and diagrams.
- SOL GE'IZ & BROTHER, Owners,
Room A, First F.oor, Crocker Buldlng.
Oil OZ. NICE LEVEL LOT AT NEW RACE-
«JpIZO. tr-ck. 25x100. R.. box 114. Call Office.
OUSINKSS PROPERTY FOR SALE.
J) Conf.i niation sain of valuable property before
Judge Slack on Thursday, July 2. 1896, at 10 a. m.,
situated on the southwest corner of Twenty -fourth
and Bryant sis., 130 feet on Bryant, 100 feet on
Twenty-fourth. Inquire of SHADBURNI. &
HERRIN. 415 Montgomery st
S~~"77i7'^ GRKAT BARGAIN; FLATS;
tjp lUI '.). north side of Pane st., Detween Bu-
chanan and Webster, house of 2 flats, extra large
lot, 61:_xl20: 27:6x120 to Lily aye., vacant. Ap-
ply G. 11. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
________ _ ___
CC. BE MIS, AND LAND AGENT, "
. REAL ESTATS AND LAND AGENT,
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of Stanyan st., bet Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot: 100x150 feet. -r , .'
. $6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st, overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
f 6000— '£ modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
parK: -5x187:6 feet: electric road parses houses; :
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8- roomed house on Harrison st,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$8500- i:l epant W. corner of Cole and Carl sts.
$.00— Choice building lots north of park.
o>9£»AA PAIR FLATS, A BARGAIN;
»IP_jUUU. half block • from Valencia st., near
Nineteenth. C. L. HE DEM ARK, 1052 Valencia.
C_ 1 A A AAA TO LOAN, CITY, AT 0%: ALSO
IUU. UUU Oakland and country, life In-
surance, real estate in i rob.ite, small or large sums.
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE A CO., 218-220
Montgomery st. : '■-.■'■
WNERiIUST LEAVE CITY; WILL SELL
great sacrifice for cash; SW. cor. Fotsom and
21slsls., 9ix9O ft.
SOUTHWEST 20TH AND TREAT AYE., 25x
»_) 110 ft
ALSO 50x100 FT. N SIDE PAGE ST., 37 FT.
A from stirader, bet. Shracler and Stanyan sts.;
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
<Ut9lnO, COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
<Js_wl\.»U. on lot 60.^122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $_5 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st
fIUEAP — ONE 2-STORY HOUSE, LOT; 7
\J rooms; bath; finished basement: rooms decor-
ated; electric wire: speaking tubes: stone walks.
On Waller st.. in. Stanyan, 14 block G. Gate Pan*.
SUBURBAN REAL ESTATE.
A^T^a'pu3*ta^tTp^ctT^hlToem^f~the
bay rogion, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from Oakland; 47 minute.
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 ieet, from $80 to
$.00: small deposit; easy: installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
V. HAlOlir.2-oSansomsn..San Francisco. Pal.
MONEY TO LOAN. ~ ~~~
V DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, " WATCHES~
A jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without -' re-
moval:- lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORK. t)4H Market st. : open evenings. >
JOANS WITHOUT INTEREST UP. TO $20
J on good security. Labor Exchange, 226 Clay.
MONEY LYING IDLE: TAKK AT $5 INTER
fat per month for each $1000; same rate sec
ond mortgage or life Insurance. Coin, box 2. Call
\4ONi_Y. LOAN ON ,JEWKLRY AND
1»I ether valuables .at the Security Loan Oilloa,
• 31li(iilarket8t..nr. Mason: private rntrancs 7 Turlc
NY AMOUNT: IKT, 2_> or 3D MORTGAGES;
estates, undivided Interests, real estate In pro-
bat«. - McCOLGAN. '24 Montgomery, room 3. i
IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays: no commissions: ■ low
interest. Km. 68, Donohuo bldg, 1170 Market st.
ltjT<___> MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E.-i-
X tales;lowes r rates:no deIay.MURPHY,62BMrk!i.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS.JEWELKY, ETO
: 1 L'olunibin l^>iin A: i'ollater_l Offlrp. 9 Orwnt avf.
PAWNBROKERS.
AT ' 028 KEA RN Y ST.; KOOM ' B_iMON-Y
■t* loaned, watches, diamonds; etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms; elevator; ■ pledges for sal i cheap.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
rVFARRELL A co^. ■ ? " r^"~. r ~*
\J David rush, country department,
11 montgomery st.
a* A PER acre FOR ONE OF the BEST
«jj;7r stock ranches In Mendocino County of ">l"00
acres, situated hoar Eden Valley, with sum-
mer and' winter range, we 1 watered and
wooc"ed; 2 four- room cottages, barn, stable,
blacksmith-shop and corral; partly fenced:
1500 sheep; 70 head of cattle, and with all
the farming tools on the place; the cheapest
and best ranch in Mendocino County: part
' ' cash, or would exchange for San Francisco or
Los Angeles Income property.
©qnnn. will buy A BEAUTIFUL and
«JP_>V/VV profitable summer home farm of 45
acres 6 miles from St. Helena,' on Howell
Mountain, with a nice furnisned house of 6
rooms, 3-room cottage, stable and chicken-
houses, with 5 acres in vineyard full bearing,
family orchard and 57- French prunes. 4
years old; lovely climate and beautiful view;
the cheapest place in the State.
©97CA FUR a ACRES OF LAND AT' ELM-
«flj.<_ ' O\J hurst; Oakland and Hay wards electric
car* every fifteen minutes: nice new modern
hard-finished cottage or 6 rooms; hot and
cold water and bath; summer kitchen; barn;
garden; flowers; etc.; this property, has cost
over $500.; a great bargain if applied for Im-
mediately.
(JJJQ^AAFOK 7.89 ACRES 1 MILE FROM
<tjp _>_».» \J San Mateo; adjoins Col. • Hay wards'
property; good hard-finished house of 8
rooms and kitchen; barn, stable and chicken-
houses; well and pump; well fenced and bor-
dered with tree*; this is about one-half what
' this property is worth. -
<$_zlfinn 83 ACRES 3 MILES SOUTHEAST
tjp _U u \J. of St. Helena, Napa County: 13 acres
in wine grapes in bearing, family orchard of
200 fruit tree- ; spring with reservoir: water
pii ed to house and grounds; good bouse, barn
and outbuildings; good pasture all the year
,"-"*•" round; all the stock and tools: about 10 tons
of hay will go with the place; there will be
from 15 to 20 ions of grapes this year.
_ . _ " r — —
"rpOB SALE OR EXCHANGE—
A HIGHLY IMPROVED FRUIT FARM IN
full bearing offered for finely located lodging-
house or business.
ALSO FINE BUSINESS BLOCK IN OAK-
land for stock or grain farm.
A CHOICE 20-ACRE TRACT NEAR SANTA
Rosa; 12 acres orchard, 5 acres vineyard ; good
house and barn: plenty water; will exchange.
EDWIN K. ALSIP A CO.,
Room 29, Second Floor, Mills Building.
PORTLAND, OREGON, FRUIT FARM:
X For sale— 2o-acre farm in high state of culti-
vation ; seven acres are planted to American vari-
ety of grapes, namely: the Concord, Diamond,
Eaton, Moore's Early Worden, Niagara, now full
bearing; several hundred large red gooseberries;
half an acre planted to cherries, pears, apples,
prunes, plums; one and a half acres planted of
Fay's and cherry currants; new five-room hard-
finished one and a half story house, heated by
hot water; a barn; wagon-shed; new greenhouse,
25x52; good well: fine water; windmill and run-
ning water the year round; this place is on a good
level county road, four mile* from Portland city
limits and eight miles from center of lortland;
price, $10,000, or can be Ilvlded Into two 10-acre
tracts— the tract with building, $6000: the other,
$41100; three' and a half acres of grapes on each
tract; it Is divided by county road; terms are half
cash, balance at 6 per cent. Address FREDERICK
LliV L), Fulton P. 0., Multnomah County, Oregon.
fflilQCA 144 ACRKS CHOICE FRUIT OR
<n>XO_» _». vegetable land; located in Santa Cruz
County: 20 a?res in orchard, with corn, beets and
carrots between the trees; 2U acres for grain;
plenty fine wood and water; some orange, fig.
lemon and nnt trees; few acres in berries; good
house, barn and fine location; excellent view; In-
cludes lot of sio: k and farm Implements and is
positively a bargain; send for catalogue. R, P.
QUIN_N, 63 Chronicle building, S. F. . ■■.-.:■-■'
WHY DELAY IF YOU HAVE REAL ESTATE
you wish to sell or trade by trying to dispose
of it yourself? You lose the chance of Investment,
whereas If you listed it with us we would have
done business for you. We have the best facility
for systematically handling real estate of any land
agency In California. Try us and see results.
ALDEN & KRONENiJERG, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
<UJt)-)AA 40-ACRK LOVELY FARM NEAR
«JpO.£l'l7. town, all In grain; good house, barn.
4 cows, £00 chickens, eta SPECK <fe CO., 602
Market st. . .
O RKNT— FARaI OF 200 ACRES; FULLY
equipped; cheap. Address D., box 66, Call.
SAN MATEO— LOT 100x180; CHEAP. H. P.,
607 St., city.
<3> 1 Aftft IMPROVED RANCH 12 ACRES;
<P-L -tV/U. easy.terms; also unimproved, ?90an
acre. Owner. 10-4 Leavenworth St., nr. California.
AN IT HE TRUE? WE GUARANTEE IT;
803 acres in 40-acre tracts: no better in the
Slate: good climate; abundance of good water;
1 near railroad : near town: level; title perfect: $10
per acre. J. T. DUNN, 112 Montgomery st
aj»'J^AA 320 ACRES FINE LAND NEAR
tg)O<J\J\J. Reading: fine fruit and grazing;
plenty wood and water; exchange for city prop-
erty; pay difference. I. C. ScHAIIFF, 20 Mont-
gomery. ■ -" - ■ . : •
I A ACRES— LOS OATOS. JUST OUTSIDE
LV/ city jin-iits. east 1 mile from I'o.-itolllce; most-
ly in French prunes; half In bearing; choice fam-
ily orchard, containing over 100 varieties of fruit,
audabundunceof berries and 30 varieties grapes;
completely furnished home, hard finished, 6
rooms, bath, storeroom, windmill, bam, carriage-
house, good family horse, bu^gy. .-seated . surrey
an 1 new phaeton, chickens, cliicken-housa and
all farming utensils; place In very finest order;
possession given immediately. Address box 361,
Los Gatos, Cat
A LAMBDA COUNTY FRUIT LAND; CHOIC-
■A. est In the State; s°ll!n-; In tracts, 5 acres up-
ward. $35 per acre; adjoining lnnos held at $100
per acre; Owner forced to sell ; li/a hours frm S. P.;
easy terms; title perfect 57 Chronicle building. .
LiTTLE~~HOMr..S. CLOSE TO TOW.N, IM-
Xj proved, easy terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces,
on 8 and 30 years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City: every Monday at 632 Market ■*, S. F. ....... :
BEAUTIFUL HOME; 175 ACRES FOR SALE
-'-» at. a sacrifice: land is situated In Monterey
County overlooking the bay of Monterey; fine im-
provements, stock, tools, etc., go with the place;
2000 fruit trees, fine water and climate. For fur-
ther particulars address Owner, box 33, Castro-
vllle, .Monterey County, Cal. .
• YV" ANTED— TO LEASE, SMALL RANCH FOR
* » chicken-raising In the vicinity of San Fran-
cisco Bay. Address, statins; rent and full partlcu-
lara. L. P., Box 23, call Office. ■
yitL'lT ORCHARD — 10-ACRE TRACTS,
-T fruit cannery connected with orchard: work
for men by the year; women and children during
fruit season: splendid opportunity for man with
family to make good home. Write for particulars.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda. _^^
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES _6 MILES
from city; lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble lan I; ran or water transit; $40 to $76 per
acre; terms to suit Syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building.
ENJJFOKOUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor gain. WIIIISTKK WHITI'DN'. "an ,lo«.>.
[PROPERTY "WANTED.
WANTT_r^HTY^R^oTKi_A^_rp_IOVEiRT^
for that lovely 100-aore farm at Nlles: price
$6500. with horses, cows and tools. SPECK A
CO., 602 Market st. "
\V ANT ED-CITY PROPERTY FOR FRUIT
*> and poultry farm at Petaluma. SPECK A
CO.. 602 Market st. ■■-■•-
T\T ANTED — GOOD-PAYING INVESTMENT
if business property between Market, Jones and
Geary sts., S. X.; must pay 5 percent net; outlay
$40,000 to $50,000 cash. Address Cash, 533
llobart St.. Oakland. " ' ■/':■
OR RENT — CHOICEST LOCATION IN
Inoß RES T — CHOICEST LOCATION IS
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc.; all beautifully
furnished ;- to ■ rlrst-class "tenant Ions" term. Sea
CAI'TAIN MORRISON. Berkeley.
FKOPKBTI TO EXCHANGE.
"2_7^Afin BEAUTIF^jT^OMET~9~JftOOMS
«JpO''UU. and all modern Improvements; on
fine corner lot In choice part of Oakland : easy
terms; or exchan_e equity on farm or stock of
goods. X., box 114. (all Ofllce. ./. - .
CENTRAL CORN AND 8-ROOM HOUSE
\J In Oakland; $3000. Address 1435 Pine st.,S. F.
riITY AND COUNTRY PROPERTY TO EX-
V change. JaMES MORSE, 106'/ a Third, *
IQQA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.:
J mO" water: fine for cattle-raining. N..b.t.l6.CaU
LOST.
_."f)f: REWARD.
•Ip — ») Lost— Gold watoh, red enamel,' large dia-
mond In center, half pearls on border; watch at-
tached to a rose-diamond bo*v pin. Return to A,
HIRSCHMAN. 113 Sutter st.
OST— A FOX-TERRIER DOG; TAN HEAD,
tan spot on tall; answers name of Bob. I Re-
turn to 1611 California street: suitable reward.
MALL FOX TERRIER BITCH. RETURN
614 Third St.: reward. v "
OST— JUNE 25 A DARK-BROWN SPANIEL
dog: liberal reward. , 109 Van Ness aye. .
A T SHELL MOUND: PURSE; KEEP COIN.
xL Return balance to 613 Bryant st.
OST— BRINDLE DACHSHUND : PUP. BE-
turn 2184 Sutter st. and receive reward.'
T OST-GOLD LOCKET; FILIGREE BOTH
J j sides, with diamond on front side; $25 reward.
6253/2 Larkln St., third floor. , :;.:, - . . :-
OST— O'NEILL ST., SUNDAY, JUNE 21,
J lady's purse containing old coins, small cbanre
and cards with owner's name. Return to TRULE-
SEN'S , Grocery, Golden Gate, Alameda County,
and reel ve reward. ■ . . •
——-—-—-—" FOUND. ~ ™~~
su-?r£-3=3'arr-iiD^c^^ FRESH~i THE
owner can have the same by paying expenses.
KAHN LEVY. Mission road.
~~~~~~ SEWING MACHINES." :
<_>r UPWARD; BBNT $1 50 . TO. $1 75
monthly; ■ repairing $1 '50 TO and. 75
O monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed; needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
* LL KINDS JUOUGHT, fcOLD, EXCHANGEE*
xV rented, repaired : lowest rat M.. -05 Fourth «_,
•-. l - ■ ■'■•- •■- TO LEASE. ')V :■■;.;•■■;....
f^O^L^T^S^CON_r^LO^r~4^36: POWER
I or without; brick building. : 145 Bealo st
EDUCATIONAL.
RXllKlVVlllLir^rVD^K'^TilT^oTsT^T?;
vocal . music; piano; elocution; practical
Shakespearean an. seneral dramatic acting a spe-
cialty; vocal classes' Monday 8 P. »■: $1 a month.
"L^LOCUI lON. DRAMA. DELSARTE, PHYSI-
Ii cal culture, voice culture; appearances ar-
ranged. 269 Hyde st. : call after 1 v. m.
OWEN'S ACADE M Y , U N I AYE.,
Berkeley: special classes lor the universities.
I.D'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, -4 PuSt ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught. Write for catalogue.
PIANO LESSONS, 600 HOUR. MR. WATTS,
X 218 Golden Gate aye. . . I
\i USICIAN FROM LONDON GIVES LESSONS
-»- in singing; *4 a month, 854 Mission st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF !
X violin, guitar, mandolin', i.a_Jo. 1707 Market, i
-"V"JUHT>sCHOOL:HEAIiO'I.-lU!<.C I JLLhUE;-4 j
■IX Posl;comniercial. shorthand, English ; low rates I
oCTkKEKPInUbV TARR: ONLY ACCOUNT- j
X) aut teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market. [
A TTEND COLLEGE, MARKET j
-"Y. st The ! very ' best individual instruction; |
20 trial lessons in Shorthand, Bookkeeping, Pen-
manship, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
OOKKPNG, WRITNO. ARITHMTC. C4RAMR
i-> day* nlsht:nocla?ses: $5 month. 845 Mission ■
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL '
VJ lessons: $3 mo. MARY "WESTiI AUS. 39 Fifth. j
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82 !
Ninth st. . j
I'ANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILIAN |
and Parisian, $ lesson, w. ; $3 m. Maze bld.,r.-7. I
P_vNISU. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE. I
Melsterscbaft School Languages, 12- O'Farreil 1:
YRES', THE LEADINU SHORTHAND COL-
lege, 325 Montgomery St.; individual Instruc-
tion In shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; Ufa
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
pELASCO'S LYCEUM. SCHOOL OF ACTING-
X) Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed
on stage. R. 5 and 12, 1. 0.0.1', block. 7th anil Mkt.
QCUOOL ELECTRICAL^ CIVIL, MINING, MK-
-0 chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
-«say: «'Sl:th. t:4. VAN DKR N A 11.1 7-.?rk_
DENTISTS. : _ __
T^IR^T^CLASS" "£ ENT-STRyT ASB
J. prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W. C. HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 600 Sutter St., corner Powell.
I \R. DUCKETT, 1703 POsT ST., NEAR BO-
X) cnanan; gas given; crown and bridee work.
R.L. T. I'IUNSS- EXTRACTION PAINLES.H,
crown work, bridge work and , teeth wfthou:
plates a specialty. 103 Geary st., or. Grant ays.
<B»7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A-J
•4p I good as can be made: filling 91. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist. 930 Market St., next Baldwin Theater.
I\R. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.
1/<ULL, sj-i' OF Jl--i-.ui, $7; WARRANTED
£ five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. '-'4 sixth st
I ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DX. H.
k_> G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk si. .-• ' ■• -. ' .'
1 R. GEORGE W. LEEK, THJS GENUINB |
XJ Leek dentist, -discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved from 610 20 Farrell st.
PAINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up-, lSvearV
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.8., 81534 Geary.
/■\O_TON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAK-
\J ket ftC DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
QMA CHICKEN AND PIGEON ranch
•pUUU. ranch of 2 acres in East Oakland;
hous?, bam, eta, etc. ALDEN _ ■ KRONEN-
BERG, 902 Broadway. Oak and. . .-
O7^A NO CASH DOWN AND ONLY $30
— I ')\.t. per month for a new and modern 2-
story, 8-room house, bath; lot 35x125. ALDEN A
KRONENBERG, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
I ''OR EXCHANGE-SEVERAL CITY RESI- I
dences to trade for country. ALDEN A KRO- I
N>NBERO, 90- Broadway, Oakland. I
$! ,H\ HAA ™ LOAN IN COUNTRY. AIT I
tJ>4:U.UUU DEN A KRONENBERG, 902
Broadway, Oakland.
NaP— 3 ACRES; FINE SHADE TREES;
'house of 5 rooms: barn; chicken-houses: fine 1
well and water; 3 minutes from electric cars: :
price only $2100: terms if desired. FruitvaleLand
Company, Fruitvale station. ._..., -^
SNAP— SBSO: 5-ROOM COTTAGE; BATH;
own water: stable; lot 50x100; between 2 car
lines: near school. Apply KOENIG A KRALL,
1006 Broadway, Oakland. . .
EVIDENCE, LARGE GROUNDS IF -DE-
XV aired, . barn, etc. Address Property, box 11, j
Call Office. ■ -t
CH/fTP. HALF ACRE NEAR TELEGRAPH i
t&'xlO. aye., North Oakland; cost $700. R, !
box 114, Call Office. . |
HICK EX RANCH; FRUITVALE: 114
\J acres; new house; barn: near school; $2000;
easy terms. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
3-ROOM HOUSE AND LOT; FRUITVALE;
0 $450. C. K. KING. -
QiQnn 6-ROOM. COTTAGE, FORTY-THIRD
(Jpt7UU. St., Oakland; also V. acre land at
Temescal, Oakland. C. K. KING, »02 Broadway,
Oakland. . .
1 ACRE: HOUSE AND BARN: OUT SAN |
1 Leandro road; cheap. C. K. KING, 902 Broad- j
way, Oakland.
C-QOKA ELEGANT NEW HOME. ALL I
<]p o£iO\J. modern, p!ate glass throughout, extra
large lot, eleeant location and fine view, bandy to
cars: cost $45U0 five months ago: 'only $1250
cash, balance mortgage. F. C. WATSON, or J. S.
NAIsMITH, 463 Ninth st. Oakland. 1
(JjiCjlA NEW MODERN 5-ROOM HOUSE. I
*iPXO\>\J. high basement, 100 feet land, near :
High St., San Leandro road; easy terms, or trade j
for Oakland unlncnmbered lot;*. 702 Telegraph I
aye., Oakland.
ARGAIN— FOR SALE, LOT 30x103, WITH
new house, 8 rooms. Clay and Sixteenth; busi-
ness location. Apply this office.
UST BE SOLD CHEAP; NOW IS THE TIME;
Fruitvale. IV_ acres land, full-grown orchard;
good house and outbuildings; spring water; just
the place for poultry: see owner on place, June
.8 or after. C. B. RENO. Dlmond, Alameda Co ,
Cal.
OAKLAND FLATS TO LET. .
flilQ j
«IpJLO. dark or Inside rooms; stove In Kitchen;
dumbwaiter; water and ash-man free; central;
near Adeline station:, apply at once. A. H.
BREED & CO., 160 Ninth st, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARDING.
T_R'G_r'sU-?NY BA Y^wINTf6wEirT : UR-
Xj nished room : 3 minutes' walk from local
trains. Apply 577 Eighth st., Oakland. ' . . :
ARIPOSA— MRS. _MMA H. ADAMS—
Newly furnisned or unfurnished rooms en I
suite or single: also, first-class table board. 666
Eleventh St., near Jefferson, Oakland, Cal.
1 FOURTEENTH AND CA.STRO-TO LET.
J with board, 2 front 'rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203. Castro st.
' OAKLAND ROOMS TO LET.
S^^UNNY^^URNTs^ELrrp^CRXo^tsT^^VITH
piano; also single rooms, at 522 Tenth St., Oak-
land. . ■ ■ i ■ .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOB SALE.
'l?NEW~BlilfssT-rLirT r A^^
IN H. BCHELLHAAS', 408 Eleventh st.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA REAL" ESTATE.
IN ALAMEDA — NICELY F URNIBiTeC^6-
-room house; bith: garden: yard; very cheap to
right party. . J.. box 24. Call Office.
OR SALE— T .;,- -.:■. •-. "
House 8 rooms and bath, Central aye.: house 4
rooms, Grand, st. : cottage 6 rooms, Everett st:
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange for
San Francisco property. Apply ' ■ • •
EASTON, ELDRIDGE A CO.,
638 Market St.,
. San Francisco, Cal.
C>/^Anf» BEAUTIFUL NE W MODERN
(ipUU'JU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; 1 large rooms; Central aye.,
one block west of Park at. ; it will surely please ■
you; Investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY, I
463 Ninth St.. Oakland. " j
$1350; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150: house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 35 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD, J
1002 Broadway. Oakland. ■ ' '' -.-■■' ]
ALAMEDA HOUSES TO LET.
NEW COTTAGE, 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern improvements; lawn, : flowers. 14:iO
Ninth, bet. Mastlck and Enclnal Station. Alameda.
HAYWAKDS PKOFEIITY. . .
ACRES/T* VIIIiB FROM H A YW ARDS?~_
O acre fruit, new 5-room modern cottage, good
new barn, well and pump, chicken houses for 300 j
hens, pigeon yard, etc., 15 minutes' walk >to elec-
tric cars; price $1800. P. W-LBERT, Hay-
wards, Cat. - _ - - ■ ■ - - -
Ql ACRES, ALL OUT TO APRICOTS, FULL.
G2 bearing, ,114 miles from Hay wards: - price
$950- Call on or addres P. WILBERT, riay- j
wards, Cal. ■ •■
uicrkelkv real instate: .
bsEPII J. MASON, REAL ESTATE AND
Insurance agent, . Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. " ;-O!:;.-; • --. i'y .■-:■.-;. ... - . ■'. .-' - ■ /■. '.;..••■■■ i .-,
OOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. ' O. G. MAY & CO.. real estate
and building, 2123 Center St., Berkeley. ■;
CLAIRVOYANTS.
T)EMATN-N<*T IN DARKNESS,
It But seek ye the light and knowledge and learn
what the mysterious Mtnr«*ha3 in store for you.
consult the acknowledged Prince of C alrvoy-
ants,
PROF. U. L. CARNF.LLE,
BUSINESS MEDIUM.
H. accomplishes whatsoever he undertakes and
Is [inquest onalily the peer of all mediums before
the public. He Rives important advice on all
business undertakings. He warns you of coming
danger, trouble and sickness: guides you aright in
nil affairs of life, marriage, divorce, love, law and
speculation : Xells if your Men-Is are true or false or
if your enemies are threatening or dangerous. By
him lovers ore united and' troubles lie a! cd. He
reunite* the separated husband acd wife and
secures for you the heart and hand of tbe one you
love in marriase, , He tells all about your tuture
family and domestic life. HIS advice and consul-
talon are much' sought if and alw:v> s with
happy results. By consulting Professor Carnelle
financial pitfalls are averted and business disasters
avoided. He reads the future so clearly of each
individual that they may take time by the forelock
and prepare if need be for the inevitable.. His
methods «re peculiarly his own, and lie is frank to
acknowledge that his wonderful occult power i»
to himself a mystery. All matters, of whatsoever
nature, are strictly eon ft lential and sicred. Send
stump for circular. Hours, 9to 9 dally and Sun-
day. Parlors, 220 Eddy st. ■ ___________
r-tITANA, THE GYPSY.
VJ This remarkable ' woman, whose career ha.
been one of success, is gifted by nature with a
power that approaches the miraculous. She is ac-
knowledged by the public wherever she has been
to be the marvel of the nineteenth century. Gl-
tana is a prophet of worldwide repute: Is recom-
mended by every one of her patrons. Her advice
Is Infallible, convincing and beyond dispute, Her
powers excite the wonder and admiration of even
the most skeptical. Through her remarkable de-
velopment of second sight and her thorough
knowledge of many sciences peculiar to the men
of the Orient she 1* enabled to penetrate the
web of human life. She . gives . advice on
business, lawsuits, speculation. love, courtship,
matrimony. She unites the separated and causes
speedy and happy marriage with the one of your
choice.: The troubled and unfortunate should seek
her counsel. All persons unsuccessful In business,
who seen to be unlucky, should call on Gltana and
seek her aid and start aright. Remember that
she has permanently located in San Francisco,
ami what she . can .do is guaranteed by what she
has done.
(iitana is the only Oriental Hindoo charm-
worker in the country.
All business strictly private and confidential.
Office hours, 9a. m. to 8 p.m. 8 Turk st.
en OTS. 50 CTS. 50 CTS.
•OU marvelous demonstration.
MME. STEWERT'S OCCULT POWER.
This most wonderful trance medium and card-
reader, whose clairvoyant powers are Indeed in
the zenith of the profession that she so ably de-
fends against the hordes oi parasites that infest it,
she havii:ir been at birth marked with a double
veil, nature's Insignia of second sight; this, taken
together with the fact that she is the seventh
daughter of the seventh daughter, makes her the
most gifted by nature of any medium uponjthe
coast
Mme. Stewert has been permanently located In
her present apartme ts for : two years,
which In itseir speaks volumes In her behalf,
Avoid mountebanks and fakirs and see a gennine
medium. The most marvelous 01 ncr achievements
is tnat of producing upon a piece of common paper
the exact likOTiess of your future husband or wife.
Consult her on all Invfttments. speculations, lov-
er's quarrels or the consummation of a speedy and
happy marriage. Parlors 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
-IVI ant card- reader, born with a double veil and
second sight; ladies 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk st., nr. Jones.
DO YOU WANT SOME SOUL-SATISFYING
truth? Then visit MME. YLOR, the rec-
ognized queen of clairvoyants; ladles 26c, gents
50c Hayes st. ■ '. -• .• •
A RRIVED— HANSON READS HEAD
J\- and palm, also cards and tells past, present
and future. ' 17 Fourth St., room 7. -
"YfIS.3 HELEN DE HARCOURT, CLAIRVOY-
-IVL ant and medium. 110 Sixth st, room 10.
ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
bnslnes3advice;name3gtven;-6o np. 6 Fourth.
YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES _sc;
VJT gents 60c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DA UGH-
ter, Is a born medium; guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materialize!
before your own eyes, so no fraud Is practiced upon
the public, for 60c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3acd 4, 917 Market
ME. LEGEITE: PRESENT. PAST AND
future; 26c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, nr. Fourth.
ME. TRUE, CELEBRATED GYPSY. GIVES
Infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success In New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stuckton at- Hours
9to 8; elevator. . ■ ■
ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
past, present, future; 250 up. 764 Howard st.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee -5 cents. 914 O' Farrell et.
MX. ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world; 50c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth. cor.Market
OETURNEI), WORLD-RENOWNED MMX.
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mlsulon.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — -TIM
iA. WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
M'_i-_TUALIS__.
V VEBITABLE QUEEN AMONG WOMEN IS
MRS. DR. A. D.' HOWE.
FEE $1 _ UPWARD! FEE $1 * UPWARD!
HOPE, HELP, LOVE AND LUCK FOR ALL!
Why that look of sadness? Why that downcast
eye? Are you In trouble, sick or "down"? If so
read this and learn that life is yet worth living!
JIKS. DR. A. D. HOWE, who has helped so many
thousands on this roast in the ten years past, is
itgaln at her old olikej, 1320 Market street, San
Francisco, and. is now as ready as ever to assist
every suffering mortal who will either call on or
write to her. Your whole life revealed; success
brought to the unlucky; love to the loveless: tne
separated are united; the sick made strong : the
poor b' come rich; if you think your husband, wife
or lover is untrue consult her at. once. Her tran-
scendent power Is as far above those poor mortals
who try 10 imitate ncr as the eternal heavens are
high above the earth. NEVER FAILS. Shedoes
not know what failure means! Her "Revealed
Medicines" (registered and copyrighted) cure
every dis?a c c that human flesh is heir to. and no
matter of how lon« standing. Write If you can-
not call, for treatment oy mall 11 always most suc-
cessful and satlßfao ory. i All letters answered.
Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. '"
FEE $1 A UPWARD! FEK $1 A UPWARD!
: MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
1320 Market st-, onp. Seventh,
, San Francisco. . . .
RS. DR. W. MIRANDAS, ~~
The celebrated spiritual medium, gives $1
discount to all her patients who return this cou-
pon; she desires 10 make known her. wonderful
power over the sick, tioubled and afflicted: your
life ('.escribed from cradle to the grave: gives you
success and happiness; diagnoses from lock of
hair; letters with ami> en.-*.; sittings $1; houralUi
to 8; closed Fridays. 1206 Market st.
ISHOP GARRISON, 1370 MX R Ki-T - ST. ;
seances every night except Mondays and
Thursdays; independent slatewrlting, materializa-
tions and trumpet speaking: private sittings dally,
$1: chairs tor seance, -sc; grind developing circle
Saturday nights: hours dally 9to 4. - .
MRS. SEELEY TEST CIRCLE. 119% SCOTT
; St., BP. M. ■ - .- ■ ■ .
DDIE SWAIN (MEDIUM), PSYCHIC PHY-
slclen; ladies only; no fee except gift; circle
Monday*, Wednesdays, Fridays. " 14 McAllister.
Ml KATE HOSKISS. IHA.M'r'AXD BtJSl-
n°ss medium: sluing* daily; $1. IX6 Oak at.
ASTROLOGY.
MEDICAL ASTROLOGY- PROF. HOWARD'S
vital remedies remove all c ironic troubles and
restore to perfect Health. 311 Hyde st., 10 to 3.
ME. Jm. THOMAS' CLAIRVOYANT 25
yrn. Kearnv. now 92C Post: fee $1 : letter $2.
ATTOKN EYS- AT-LAW.
A"^DVICE FRKE— IHVUIICK i.AWS A SPECtT
xV. ally; private; no charge unless successful; all
lawsuits, claims, collection*, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
W. KING, ATTOKNEY-AT-LAW, ( Jl lU)\-
-. icle oldg; advice free; moderate; open evnss.
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. title, and wills; money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 60S California St.
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
-L . law; advice free. 24 sixth St., rooms 14, la.
WW. DA VIDSON.ATTORNK Y-A MAW, 4-0
. California at.. roo:ns 14 and 15: ailvic. free.
PROPOSALS.
fu r"ni^iFng^yl)RantB
X for use of the Fire Department— of the
Board of Supervisors of the City and County Of
San Francisco. June 23, 1896. •
In accordance- with Resolution No. 14.688
(Third Series) of the Board of Supervisors, bids
will be received in open board 011 MONDAY
AFTERNOON, June .9, 1898, from 2:30 to 3
o'clock, to furn.sh 600 hydrants, more or less, for
use of the Fire Department, as per pattern to bo
seen at the Corporation Yard of said Department
Said hydrants to bpde'ivered from time to time as
required at the works of th? manufacturer from date
of award of contract to June 20. 1807. All gates,
bends and valves to be of San Francisco manu-
facture, and all hydrants manufactured and de-
livered under the contract to be approved by the
Chief Engineer, of the Fire Department prior to
their acceptance. .
NOTlCE— Bidders will state a price per hy-
drant for which they, will de iver the same com-
plete, witn the understanding that the contractor
must deliver such numb' of hydrants as required
and colled for by said Chief Engineer, from time
to time, without extra charge from the price bid,
payment therefor to be made on the reception
and approval of the hydrants as furnished here-
under, i -1f M r**lffr^Tltr i mu ill
The , party to whom a contract is awarded
will be required prior to or at the time of the ex-
ecution lof the contract to . pay the cost of adver-
tising this notice in three dally newspapers. ■-- ■
In order to preserve uniformity and to facilitate
the award the board . has resolved to receive no
bids unless made upon blank forms prepared by
the committee and a certified "check for the sum of
.500 deposited by the bidder with and mude payanle
to the Clerk of the board, conditioned if the proposal
is accepted and ; the contract awarded, and If the
bidder shall fail or neglect to pay the advertising
charges, execute, the contract and give the re-
quired bond within six days after the award is
made then and In hat case the said sum shall be
paid into I the City and County treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure and
neglect. ■
Blanks furnished by the Clerk. -
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
1314
HOTTSES TO .'..*.....
rrctn SHOTWELL— 9 ROOMS AND BATH. $30;
il O 2402 Mission, VI rooms, bath, $37 50; /OI
Shotwell, cor. Twenty-first, 10 rooms, bath. $30:
1139 Valencia, 8 rooms, bah, $26: 1109 Florida,
cottage 5 rooms, stable, $16: 929% Naioma, 6
rooms, $16. W. H. CRIM & CO., 118 Montgomery.
1 41-1 Q LAGUNA, BET. EI>DY AND ELLIS-
-1 _ I O Bay-window house, 9 rooms and bath:
large yard: house in perfect order: modern in
every respect : warm and sunny; reduced to 93b.
MADISON ft BUKKE.
— O LET-FIN E'TiOUSE. WITH STABLE; 8
rooms with bath;. $40: water tree; will rent
without stable, $33 50. Apply at 618 fell st.
>701 LOTT-COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
( Zil garden in front; rent $19; owner, 111 Van
Ness aye.
OOK AT 9-ROOM HOUSE. 26 FRANKLIN
XJ St., near Market: $35 with water; cheap rent.
~CUQ REAR HOUSE; FIVE LARGE SUNNY
> s . rooms. 1825 Howard St., bet. Fourteenth
and Fifteenth.
rTi l suttekTst., near TAYLOR-VERY
ixx choice ; elegant; spacious: reasonable.
"a PPRECIATED IF SEKN; 829^ GUTTER,
A near Jones; choice for doctor or dressmaker.
— LET— A HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH
X fine basement: rent $25 Apply 353 Grove st.
ffi»OO CA 1507 JACKSON ST., WEST OF
<£),_ Si.tjXJ' Larkin: 2-story house of 6 rooms,
bath and basement: in perfect repair. Apply
BURN HAM A MA HSH CO., 628 Market St.
mo LET-SUNNY~KESIDENC_ SE. COR.
1 Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; fine
view." Apply H. MEYER, Broadway.
mO LET- TWO-STOBY HOUSE OF 8 rooms
I and bath. 1223 Golden Gate aye.
TTUKK SUNNY HOUSE: FRONT AND REAR
'yards for flowers; charming location on quiet
street: clean and attractive; 7 rooms, bath,
laundry- unfinished bas- meut; $31). DEMPSTKR,
36 Gieh Part aye., off Twelfth st.
LEGANT NEW SUNNY 6 ROOMS; OPEN
plumbing; nice neighborhood. 512 Guerrero.
rpo RENT-$35: WARM BELT: MISSION
Nob Hill; cor. Liberty and Dolores sts. ; hand-
some Eastlake house; 10 large rooms and bath;
perfect order; large garden.
_>OA HOUSE, 6 SUNNY BOOMS, AT 326
i£)Z.\J. Polk st.
QQ I 7 JACKSON— ELEGANT, NEW, MOD-
OO I I crn house of 9 rooms bath and finished
basement: marine view; rent reasonable. WILL
E. FISHER A CO., 14 Post St.
p LEND ID 8-ROOM HOUSE: 3553 TWEN-
-0 tieth si., bet. Valencia and Mission; see It;
very low rent.
HA MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN * HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery st.
*CVQ/\ MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
»_t)W. mt-Dt: lar c yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
opTt)TFoLSOM-C (IMPI.ETELT FUR-
_UJ — nished; 12 rooms; bath: laundry: store-
rooms and stable; $60; unfurnished $40; line gar-
den. W. U. I HIM & CO., 118 Montgomery st.
O RENT FOR SUMMER MONTH'S— WHOLE
or part of large furnished house in Santa Cruz
Mountains: beautiful situation. Address 11. GEK-
AKD, skyland P. U., Wrights, Santa Clara Co.
6 -ROOM COR. HOUSE. OAKLAND, STABLE,
*) large lot. $■'(). Apply Dentist. 10 Geary st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COZY I OTTAGJB; 6 ROOMS, BATH
' and yard. Metcalf place: key at 418 Geary st.
UNNY COTTAGE; 5 ROOMS. KEY AT
1923 Union st. .
<_Q CM COTTAGE; FLAT, $11; BATH:
.(JU. large private yards; cheap. 1123
Vallejo St.
H~ FORD, OFF SANCHEZ— S ROOMS AND
bath: garden: rent low.
<_7 COTTAGE 3~K'OOMS; YARD: HOT AND
C I . cold water. 1030 i-'app, nr. Tw. nty-sixth.
LAUREL ST., NRTCa'LIFOKNIA—
*i yJtJ modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath and base-
ment WILL E. FISHER & CO., 14 Post st.
OTTAtiK OF 8 < O MS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. -824 Mission st.
FURNISHLEK FLATS.
UOfN^r^RC^r~FLAT\ NICELY^TIJR^
nished; piano, bath, yard; Mission warm belt;
every convenience; reasonable 10 responsible
party. Address Flat, ho* 3-', Call.
FLATS T«> LKT.
qTqo WA^H^OTWN^IiOWKB 7 ROOMS,
• ) L«~>— bath, $32 50: Guerrero, near Seven-
teenth, new, marly completed, 6 rooms and
bath, $27 60; 10"23. Valencia, lower 6 rooms,
bath, $23 SJ: 2518 Mission, upper 6 rooms,
bath, $22 50; 28-5 Howard, lower 5 rooms,
bath, $^0: 339 Eddy, upper 4 rooms, $20;
"07 Second, upper 7 rooms, $18: 58 Tebama,
upper 6 rooms, $18; 824 Filbert, middle 5 rooms,
bath, marine view, $18: 10J4 .Minna, lower 4
rooms, bath, $16; 1112 Guerrero, upper 5 rooms,
bath, $15: 526 Filbert, upper 5 rooms. $16; 116
Borland, upper 5 rooms, $14; 4'21!/a Mississippi,
lower 4 rooms, bath $14: 1307 Miiinu, upper 5
rooms, $14; 109 1 2 Ellis, merit 5 rooms, $12;
3315 Larkin, lower 5 rooms, #12; 819 Alabama,
lower 5 rooms, stable, $12; 126 Germania, upper
5 rooms, 812: 2762 Harrison, lower 3 rooms,
bath. $11; 2856 Twenty-second, near Harrison,
lower 3 rooms, $10: 174 Clementina, upper 3
rooms, $10: 1047 lolsom, upper 4 rooms. *9 : 58
Tehama, upper 3 rooms, $8. W. H. CRIM <fe CO.,
118 Montgonn ry st.
/CHEAPEST FLATS IN CITY; COR. DOLORES
v.-' .'.nd Twenty-third sts.; six rooms, bath aud
latest improvements; newly tinted, etc.: electric
cars pass; rent reduced from £.0 to $22 50 and
$20. Apply MADiSON & BURKK.
INK FLAT: 1039 GUERRE:. O ST., NEAR
Twenty-third; 4 rooms, bath, laundry; also 3321
Twentv-hrst si., near Valencia, 3 nice ro.mi, bath,
basement. Apply BALDWIN _ HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery St.
CEE THESE BRIGHT, COZY NOB HIIL
k~ flats; 6 rooms, bath: marine view: rent reason-
able: 2.8 and 10 Hanover place, off Sacramento,
below Mason: key corner Mason: large dwelling.
TTPPER FLAT OF 4 SUNNY ROOMS; KENT
(J $10 to a small family. 311 Harriet st., be-
tween Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant; water free.
TTPPER FLAT; 6 SUNNY ROOMS: BATH.
U 18 Guy place, off First, between Folsom and
Harrison.
COO SIXTH-4 BOOMS, HALL, FOLDING
>)__ doors, mantel, yard: rent reduced. $12:
also 5 rooms, bath; large yard: rent reduced. $12.
/ICQ7 EIGHTEENTH— 4 AND 5 ROOMS;
*ic)Ol bath; $11 ana $13.
T OWER FLAT; 4 ROOMS. APPLY 121 BIL-
XJ verst., near Third.
Q,-\ A, REDUCED: UPPER FLAT: 4 ROOMS:
tJpJLU. yard. 1614 Leavenwor.h st.
(JJ.-I /• SUNNY UPPER FLAT; 5 ROOMS AND
»jt>XO. bath. 1716 Jones St., bet Broadway and
Vallejo.
FtinAQl DUI'ONT ST.-FLAT OF 4 ROOMS TO
Z\J\.'O2 let: rent $11.
1 7 ELLIOT PARK, OFF STEIN F.R, NEAR
1 I Geary— 3 large sunny rooms, yard and cellar;
rent $12 50. Inquire 1911 Gearj-s:.
LA GE KOOiiS, VAKH;."U9 THIRTEENTH
st. above Valencia.
AY-WINDOW FLAT, 6 ROOMS, BATH;
rent reasonable. 825 Howard St., near Fourth.
91' DORK ST.. OFF BRYANT— A FLAT^OF
Olt) 4 rooms; $9. Inquire 319.
"VICE SUNNY FLAT OK 5 ROOMS IN GOOD
_> oraer. 224V4 '■' Farrell st.; rent $12 50.
&1O UPPER SUNNY FLAT OF 5 LARGE
•3)lO. rooms and bath : hall and stairs carpeted.
1825 c Howard st., bet. Fourteenth and ftevnth.
Alu SUNNY MODERN 6-RO IMEJ) : rLAT."
C!lO. SW. cor. Twenty- st. and Treat aye.
PPER FLAT; 4 SUNNY BOOMS; BaTU;
J $1& 521b Shotwell st.
"I 1 ('1 FULTON— LOWER FLAT: 5 ROOMS,
lIU3 batn: near new Cit/ Call: $16.
VINE NEW MODERN Fi.AT; 5 ROOMS,
X I bath; yard: basement. 639 Minna st.
"STTj 178 NOB, NEAR MARKET — ELE-
«Jp-L I • gant lower flat;. 5 sunny rooms and bath.
ODEKN FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH; MA-
riue view. 1007 Lombard st., half block from
Hyde-st. cars.
mo LET— FLAT 4 BIG ROOMS; $10. TWEN-
X Main and l-'ois sts.
I .i,- k LLAIi  -- HOUSE OF 5 ROOMS AND
X_-c) yard; $12.
1 -( I KIGHTEENTH-1 NEW " ELEGANT
\i O ( V flat; 5 rooms, batb, yard and cellar.
'■JVTJSW BAY-WIN DOW FLAT; 4 ROOMS. BATH,
J-i yard; $13. 3037 Twenty-second, nr. Howard.
UNNY UPPER FLAT 4HO MS: YARD. 62
Norfolk st., near Eleventh, off Folsom.
IM-AT 7 ROOMS, BATH; LA. ST IMPROVE-
X ments; corner. 737 Hayes st.
AY-WINDOW FLAT OF 7 ROOMS AND
J) bath: all modern Improvements. 647 Steven-
son St., be. Seventh and Eighth.
ffljl 7 ELEGANT NEW MODERN SUNNY
<]p I. i . flat; 5 rooms; bath. 141 San Jose aye.,
near Twenty-fourth.
'<■)<■) U TENTII— SUNNY UPPER FLAT OF 5
£i£i\J rooms; b'th; modern improvements: yard.
T?LATS3ROOM»EACH: YARD; BASEMENT.
X 123 San Jose aye., near Twenty-third s;.
VINE UPPER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. BATH. ETC..
X $22: lower Hut, 6 roams, bath, laundry, large
yard, $25: both above In perfect condition: on
12th St., cor. Glen Park aye., 4 rooms, large yard,
unfinished basement, opp. private park, $16.
DEMPSTER, 36 Ulen Park aye., off 12th st.
CO WALLER, NEAR MARKET-ELEGANT
C_ new upper flat: 7 rooms and bath; best light-
ed flat In city. ■ ■■-
I OWER FLAT, 7 ROOMS, BATH; ALLMOD-
J em. 917 Gutter st.
d> I A AND $15; TWO FLATS 4 AND ft SUN-
tjp Jdt ny rooms: good oraer. 262 Clara, nr. 6th.
©17 FLAT 5 ROOMb AND B A TH. 10 z7
«JSX I . Post St., near Polk.
AT EAR CITY HALL; FLATS 4 AND 5 KOUjaS.
i.l 119 Grove su and 127 and 716^ Ivy aye.
1 n-i CM POST— S ROOMS AND BATH, FUR-
-IDI 'i nisbed or unfurnished; only $20. Apply
on premises .-.■.'
1619 c Post— 4 rooms: nice and sunny $10.
.1318 Natoma— 4 rooms: $12.
fflil'J UPPER FLAT, 4 LAKGB SUNNY
JrJLO. rooms. 728 McAllister st.
JX 1 ATS _■ TO LET— Continued.
T OWER BAY-WINDOW FLAT. 5 LARGE
JU rooms. 80% Moss, off Howard, near Seventh.
0If<)O CA 135 ASH AYE., OFF VAN NESS,
»^_Z.«JU. nr. McAllister— Flat 5 rooms, bath.
T»ESIRABLE SUNNY FLAT OF 7 ROOMS.
X) with bath and all modern Improvements.
1833 Bush St., bet. Franklin and Hough: rent, in-
cluding water, $42 50. ■
VTEW FLAT, 5 ROOMS AND BATH; $12;
i.l .water free. 529 Ivy aye.
79/jl MCALLISTER— FLAT 6 ROOMS AND
I £ iOgbath: snnny side: rent reduced.
©TO 4-ROOM UPPER FLAT, HALF A
3pxU. block from Third and Mission. Apply 15
Grant aye. ■ '_
3 TO 7 ROOM"AND BATH FLATS AND COT-
tages. from $6 to $20. SPECK & C 0. ,. 602
Market st.
LAT— A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
rent by BALDWIN A HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ?
OW>R FLAT— TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
100 feet from Castro cars; 4 rooms: bath; large
yard; sun all day; rent $14; water free.
ELEGANT NEW FLATS, SEVENTH ST., BE-
Ju low Bryant. 5 and 6 rooms, bath; $8 to $16.
"I Cl A MISSION— TOP FLOOR; NICE HO USE.
luit: keeping; 3or 4 rooms; bath, yard, laun-
dry, basement.
IiOISEKKKPIXi ROOMS.
Capp Street.
£CC CAPP — 2 OH 3 COMPLETELY FUR-
\JOO nished rooms for housekeeping.
lil.lv Street.
9Q EDDY— FURNISHED SUITE FOR
£tO light housekeeping; cl a broom or doctors.
A-Uis street.
CAQ ELLIS— SUNNY FRONT ROOM; FUR-
(JI/O nished complete for housekeeping; large
yard; $10.
7 A/» ELLIS— 3 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS
I l/U complete for housekeeping.
Fell Street.
CA/1 FELL— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, HOUSE-
O\J*± keeping, $10; 3, $15.
Fifth Street.
Ql A FIFTH-^SUNNY FRONT BAY-WINDOW
Oil room and kitchen; bath: renovated: $12.
Q99 FIFTH— 2 ROOMS* FURNISHED FOR
>)—.— housekeeping; $9. .
Folnom Street.
1 O A ( ) FOLSOM— FOR KENT, 2OR 3 SUNNY
IV/'lZi bay-window rooms for light ' housekeep-
ing, or suitable for 2 or 3 young men.
Fourth Street.
OOC FOURTH-FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT-
— .— O able for light housekeeping; also single.
AQrj FOURTH— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
ttt7 I housekeeping: private family.
Fulton Street.
Geary street.
91 71 GEARY - LARGE FURNISHED OR
— I I a unfurnished rooms. Key at 217.
. . (ioiaen Gate Avenue.
QOQ GOLDEN GATE AYE.— LARGE SUNNY
OUO room for housekeeping, $10; also small
one, $5.
Halght Street.
f)A HAIOHT— 2 CONNECTING FURNISHED
— a: rooms complete for housekeeping, $14.
Harrison Street.
' 7QQ HARRISON— THREE HOUSEKEEPING
I OD rooms: hot and cold water; yard; $13.
Howard Street.
-I 1 AC} HOWARD-SUNNY ROOMS; RANGE;
X Xtr-i bath; rent $10; rooms by night.
-I Ql C HOWARD— THREE UNFURNISHED
lOli) rooms; light housekeeping: use bath and
laundry: no children: rent reasonable.
I (.in HOWARD— UNFURNISHED FRONT
JL"i — O room and kitchen, cheap; no children.
I 7CC HOWARD— 2 OR 3 PLEASANT COM-
X • OO plete housekeeping rooms; morning sun;
cheap to right parties.
Jackson Street.
QOA JACKSON ST. — FURNISHED BUNNY
•* — ' ' front housekpg .rooms $7 to $9; single, $4.
Kearny Street.
TAJ KEARNY-3 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
1U - and bath, with gas: $20.
Larkin Street.
Q9£ LARKIN— ELEGANT SUNNY HOUSE-
ij£i\) keeping aptmts: Ist floor; gas, ranges, bath.
McAllister Street.
QQ McALLISTER-2 OR 3 UNFURNISHED
«JOO rooms for housekeeping; • .
linn >; reel.
AC 4 MINNA— 2 OR 3 FURNISHED ROOMS
jL«J*x for housekeeping; separate entrance.
'4/- MINNA — FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
clttO housekeeping; large yard.
AQ7 MINNA— 2 LARGE WELL FURNISHED
dO I housekeeping rooms; reduced.
.i.jhSlon M reel.
CQQ MISSION — 2 LARGE ROOMS AND
000 kitchen, well furnished: $12; also single,
Q»)C1 MISSION— SUNNY ROOM. KITCHEN,
— *)'i exclusive bath and porch; other rooms.
Q C MISSION— TWO ROOMS FURNISHED
t/'itt) complete for housekeeping.
-I AOQ MISSION-PARLOR FLOOR SUITA-
X\f£tD able for doctor or housekeeping.
Q» Q TO LET— 3 ROOMS AT 2507% MISSION
«3pO. street, •
'Natonia Street.
r nrj NATOMA-2 FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
(JO I housekeeping; $10.
(*£)(* NATOMA— 2 SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
\)£jyj rooms, with bath; priva.e place.
Ninth Street.
OA NINTH— FRONT SUITES: HOUBEKEEP-
-iv ing; 2to 4 rooms: . stove; single: gas; also
232 Eighth st. -
Nineteenth Street.
91 n NINETEENTH, NEAR HOWARD — 3
— 1 D furnished rooms for housekeeping; yard;
$16 ■ ■
Oak Street.
A Q OAK —$3 50, UNFURNISHED ROOM;
tcO furnished, $4 50: private day home for chil-
dren.
Octavia Street.
1 AOQ OCTAVIA, CORNER GEARY— FUR-
XrLXfO nlshed sunny bay-window; connecting;
cheap. . '•:■--.
o'J?arrell street. '
jQi O'FARRELL— 2 OR 3 COMPLETELY
'lO L furnished housekeeping rooms -.also parlors.
7f\A O'FARRELL — 3 SUNNY UNFUR-
( 'J°i nished connecting rooms; housekeeping;
private family. .
Polk Street.
Q-J Q POLK — HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
vXD alcove with kitchen complete for housekeep-
ing; new carpets end furniture; cheap: bath, gas.
1 709 1 POLK, COR. CLAY— SUNNY HOUSE-
X I "— •£ keeping and single rooms.
Prospect Place.
IOQ PROSPECT PLACE— F URNISHED
1 £iD single or double rooms for light housekeep-
ing from $5 to $10: German family.
Scott Street.
I£l A SCOTT— 3 OR 4 bUNNY UNFUR-
IOIt nisbed rooms; bath; garden; cellar; from
$16: call p. m
Seventh Street.
1 Qfi SEVENTH— 2 LARGE SUNNY FUR-
XOU nished front housekpg rms.; veranda; yard.
r ixth Street.
191 SIXTH— CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
Xdiix cozy houseki •ping rooms and other rooms.
>19Q SIXTH— BASEMKNT, 3 LARGE ROOMS,
s£iO yttrd, $8: furnished sunuy housekeeping
rooms.
5:90 sixth -2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
OZiV rooms with cellar, for man and wife; $6.
South ParK.
1 O SOUTH PARK - NICELY FURNISHED
ID housekeeping suite, $10: 3 unfurnished, $7.
Stevenson Street.
40c STEVENSON, BET. FIFTH AND SIXTH
I^.o First floor; very convenient. Apply
within. . . . ■
(KA*) STEVENSON, BET. SEVENTH AND
U'iZ. Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms;
bath; central.
Stockton -Street.
900 STOCKTON, NE. COR. GEARY, NEAR
j-l/U the Emporium — 2 sunny unfurnished
housekeeping rooms: $12; references.
Taylor Street.
IAQ TAYLOR ST. - NICELY FURNISHED
1 WO sunny rooms for housekpng; also front rm.
Tenth Street.
1 OQ TENTH— 2 SUNNY ROOMS COMPLETE
X£iV for housekeeping; private family; cheap, j
Turk Street.
U RK- EIEGANTLY FURNISHED
X IU suites, single rms: light hskpng privileges.
Twelfth Street.
1 Q/1 TWELFTH— 2 UNFURNISHED HOUPE-
JLO*± keeping rooms: closets, sink, range. •
: - Valencl -street
1 940 VALENCIA— 2 SUNNY ROOMS FOR
x£ri\3 housekeeping: no children; rent $7 50.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS — Continued.
Twenty-sixth Street. ,
"I 1 Cl TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
XX Ox Nicely furnished housekeeping rooms;
yard; low rent. • - ■.
Van Ness Avenue.
QOA VAN NESS - AYE.— I NEWLY FUR-
O<-i\J nished housekeeping room; corner house.
A(\O VaN NESS— 2 ROOMS FURNISHED
ttU^ii for housekeeping; one front, sunny; cheap.
71 VAN NESS— 3 NICE, SUNNY, FRONT
I IV completely furnished housekeeping rooms;
$28. .-?--»...tj
Webster Street.
m WEBSTER-SUITE OF 2 OR 3 LARGE
rooms furnished, housekeeping; gas; bath.
Welsh Street.
m WELSH, OFF FOURTH— 2 OR 3 NICELY
furnished housekeeping rooms; cheap.
Miscellaneous.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING; $1 50 PER
week. Keys 8 Anthony st.
ROOMS TO LET.
'.;'-' Brady Street.
79 BRADY. OFF MARKET. NEAR THIR-
I._ teenth— 3 unfurnished rooms; cheap to small
family.
Bush Street.
797 BUSH— FRONT BAY-WINDOW ROOM;
I £1 1 also single; light housekeeping.
1107 BUSH— HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
X XU I rooms, gas, hot and coid wbter; bath.
l.uuy street.
I 1 Q EDDY-THE BRIGHTEST, CLEANEST,
XXO cheapest rooms in the city; $6 up.
QA7 EDDY— VERY PLEASANT SUNNY
Oul room; low rent; private family.
ri A EDDY— LARGE WELL-FURNISHED
«JIV sunny front parlor; reasonable; private
family.
Eighth Street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOUSE, 28 BTH
0 St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
119 EIGHTH-2 FURNISHED ROOMS SUIT
XX£i able for man and wife.
l.iliM street.
ROYAL HOUSE, 126 ELLIS— ELECTRIC
lights In every room: reading-room contains all
daily papers; open all night; rooms, per night, 35c
to $1 50; week. $2 to $8: month, $8 to SKO; fire
escapes: elevator on office floor* r'ms for families.
fTIUK AAMOXA, 130 ELLIS: MRS. KATE S.
X H ART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator: hot cold water.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
XV at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
QOO ELLIS (THE PALMETTO), MRS A. J.
• )._.-_. CALHOUN, prop.— First-class housekeep-
ing, apartment and rooming bouse; 60 rooms.
CAQ ELLIS— SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS,
QUO $6 and $8.
COQ ELLIS — UNFURNISHED PA LOR
O£>O floor of 2. 8 or 4 rooms; suitable for doctor.
: ./.' Essex Street. *
"I 9 ESSEX— LARGE SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
X— i nished and unfurnished.
Everett Street.
Ap. EVERETT-FURNISHED ROOMS; DAY,
■1O week or month; $3, $4 and $5 per month.
Fell Street.
A~\ Al FELL, NEAR LACUNA-FURNISHED
jtx~i-t sunny room, suitable for 2, with use of
kitchen; cheap.
Fifth Street.
Sj>-\ WEEK; SINGLE SUNNY FURNISHED
<jp JL room; bath; closet; private. 314 Fifth st.
v>tary Mien..
HA GEARY, NEAR KEARNY— HANDSOME
front suites; single rooms, also first floor
front bay-window office: everything new.
OA GEARY— SUNNY FRONT SUITE VA-
.— U cant July 1; suitable for doctor, dentist or
others; reasonable: also other rooms.
M Q GEARY— ELEGANT ROOMS FOR OF-
«»XO fices, suites and single; sunny; bath; all
conveniences.
QA-| GEARY-NEWLY FURNISHED ROOMS;
O\'JL pleasant; reasonable; central; new corner
flat.
mHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites; single rooms; $10
month up. 1101 Geary st., SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
..u.tit-,1 Gate Avenue.
Cl n GOLDEN GATE AYE. — PLEASANT.
wlO sunny rooms su table for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
Grove Street. .
1 £9Q*- GROV E — HANDSOMELY FUR-
1D —03 nished parlors and kitchen, also gas
and bath.
Hickory Avenue
m HICKORY AYE., NR. GOUGH— LARGE
101 front room, furnished: $6.
Howard Street.
7(\A HOWARD, COR. THIRD — FINELY
i Ur furnished suites and rooms, also house-
keeping
1I 9Q HOWARD — FURNISHED FRONT
A. JL — O rooms, with closets, $5 month up.
"I CAO HOWARD— 3 OR 4 SUNNY ROOMS;
XoU_i rent $8.
,ioiie« >'reet.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
suite; also sunny alcove room; private.
907 • I)NES - THE VAN WINKLE; NEW
_ ' ' I management: elegant tunny suites and
single; newly furnished; bath, etc; SlO to S3U.
£1 JT JONES— SUNNY FRONT PARLOR; UN-
\jXO furnished. Call Sunday after 6p. M.
ttenriiT street.
ARLINGTON HOUSE, 127 KEARNY —
■r\ Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first
class In every respect; terms reasonable. "
WE HAVE ROOMS TO RENT. CALL AT
" Rental and Tourists' Guide, 639 Kearny st.
l.arkin street.
Qf\A LARKIN— SUNNY FURNISHED BED-
01/tt room and kitchen, $10; double room, $7.
I AA7 PARKIN — (CRAIGBURN) SUNN IT
X\J\J I furnished rooms, single and suites.
Leavenworth street. '
2 ROOMS FOR GENTLEMEN: $5 AN $8.
31 0 Leavenworth st.
711 LEAVKNWORTH-SUNNY PARLORS:
ill nice private house; gentlemen only; refer-
ences exchanged.
Linden v venue. -
9Q A LINDEN AYE., NEAR GOUGH— 3 NICE
—jOtfc sunny rooms; planked yard; cheap.
Siki'ki" .- ii«a.,
7Q7 M ARK — NICELY FURNISHED,
(Ol pleasant, sunny rooms: very reasanable.
OCA MARKET ST., COR. STOCKTON— ELJE-
OOXJ gantly furnished; en suite or single; day,
week or month.
VUSfcMlIr; HOUSE, 1045 MARKET— PER
X night, 35c to $1 : week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, BETWEEN
Mason and Taylor— Large sunny rooms, $7 per
month. . ■ 9
ill Una >rree..
A C A MINNA— NEAT SUNNY FRONT ROOM;
_OU large closet; $4.
OL*n MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nished bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
3iibi> 0 ■ reei.
QC'Q MISSION, COX. SIXTH (THE PORT-
tjyjO land)— Elegantly furnished rooms, and
offices. »
x Natoma Street.
QQ NATOMA, THIRD FLOOR— UNFUR-
-000 nisbed bay-window rooms, also furnished
rooms; very cheap. '
r*Qr« NATOMA-NICE SUNNY ROOMS WITH
D-jO bath: $4 and $5. _^
O'l-arrell Street.
Aflß l O'FARRELL— NEWLY FURNISHED
ttv/U2 frontroom; bay-window; use of piano.
90 O'FARRELL - NICE FRONT KO6mT
OZiu private family; gentleman; . reference.
QOQ O'FARRKLL, FIRST HOUSE . FROM
V£tU Van Ness— Furnished rooms; private fam-
ily; reasonable.
■ ,«. J , _ Pin Street.
n-l I SINGLE AND DOUBIE FUR-
UXX nished rooms, from $5 to $10 a month.
.. ' folk Street.
"I "I QQ POLK, CORNER SUTTER— SUNNY
HOu furnished front rooms: new building.
1 COO POLK— ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
XO£i£i suites: single rooms; light housekeeping
privileges. ' •'
"1 £09 POLK, NR. SACRAMENTO-SUNNY
XkjXjZu front: also 2 unfurnished housekeeping.
Post Street.
99Q1 POST (THE DOMUS)— NICELY , FUR-
-*-Oi nisbed rooms; splendid location; gentle-
men.
I'HQ POST- LOWER PART OF HOUSE TO
UUO let; 3 rooms and kitchen. .; ■ -\-v .
71 c POST— FURNISHED. OR UNFUKNISH-
I XU ed sunny rooms to rent: gas, bath; central.
Powell Street.
CA7 POWELL — . SUNNY.' FURNISHED OR
*>\f I unfurnished rooms for ' man and wife, or
single; private family: moderate. :
- Sacramento Street.
1 QAOB SACRAMENTO — NICELY FUR-
±O\JU nished room.
■ ROOMS TO . LET- Continued. -
Sansome Street. .V
ZUM KAISERHOF, 816 SANSOME ST., BET.
t-i Pacific and Broadway — Fine sunny rooms",
newly furnished, $3 per month and upward; house-
keeping rooms. •
Second Street.
pENTRAL LODGING-HOUSE, 52 SECOND—
\J Thoroughly renovated ; convenient and respect-
able: most reasonable.
Shotwell Street.
f»-\ SHOTWELL— ~2~ OR 8 SUNNY FUR-
"IO nished rooms; warm belt; no fog. •
Silver Street.
O£» SILVER— 3 ROOMS, ALSO 2 STALLS IF
£\J desired.
Sixth Street.
9.19 SIXTH— LARGE FRONT ROOM, SUIT-
44^±Li able for 2 gents, $7: small room $4.
South Park.
£n SOUTH PARK - VERY DESIRABLE
O\J newly furnished sunny rooms: bath, gas. etc.;
reasonable; private family.
butter "-ireet.
C HA SUTTER, COR. POWELL—
O\J\J front suite of 3rms; furnished orunfurnd.
(XT A SUTTEK-LOVELY SUNNY . ROOMS;
Ox.*! new and handsome furniture: bath, hot
and cold: very cheap; front suite for doctor's office.
f\f\l GUTTER — HANDSOME PARLOR
\Jyj 1 floor of 3 rooms: furnished: also sunny
suite. .
7 Of* SUTTER— SUNN V FRONT ROOMS;
I — '» private; gentlemen: reference if required.
1111 SUT T E R — NICELY FURNISHED
XXX L rooms; suites and single; also house-
keeping. •
1« I 7 SUTTER— 2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
L\Jl i for a middle-aged lady.
Taylor Street.
1 flO TAYLOR— SUNNY OFFICES
1 "A for doctor or dentist; also others; reasnable.
1 AQ TAYLOR — SUNNY SINGLE ROOMS,
X.\)O $1 25 a week; large double rooms $2 week.
COO TAYLOR— FURNISHED SUN-
«J— _ ny rooms ; new throughout; thoroughly re-
spectable. ,:-';. ;
Tenth Street.
lOC TENTH— WELL-FURNISHED
X^jO room, gas, bath, $9: small one, $5.
Third Street.
9QQ THIRD — NICE SUNNY BOOMS;
AOO cheap.
Thirteenth Street.
41 Ql T H I R;T E E N TH— SUNNY FRONT
room; bath; gas: board optional.
Vallejo Street.
1 1 "I 1 VALLEJO-3 UNFURNISHED SUNNT
XX X X rooms, newly papered ; bath ; yard ; cheap.
Van .NeKS Avenue.
mVAN NESS AYE. — NICELY FUR-
* *J^£ nished sunny front; all conveniences; $8.
Webster Street.
"1 Cl C WEBSTER — LARGE SUNNY FUR-
XOXO nished bay-window front room: also
single room connected; running water and bath;
with or without board; home comfort; reasonable.
Miscellaneous.
pEXTLEMAN* TO RENT SMALL ROOM,
VT with free use of sitting-room, dining-room and
kitchen; only *5 a month. ADp y to MR. E.
WATERS, care iff Ph°lps & Adams, 120 Sntter^t.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
7T7\ G E s^\^nlc^ly^~furnished
II" sunny rooms, with board; reasonable.
7I Q PuST-LAKGK FRONT BOOM; RUN-
• I if ning water; board optional; private.
Q9 1 GEARY — NICKLY FURNISHED
O£i~r rooms with board; $20 to $30. Telephone
east 958.
At)i LEAVENWORTH, COR. . O'FABRELIi-
*i^"i Sunny front rooms; connecting: modern
conveniences; everything new; best family table.
C A») VAN NESS — .-U I E OF. PAKLOiiS,
OV.I+J suitable for couple, or doctor; single rooms:
board optional.
\\r ANTED— 2 YOUNG MEN TO TAKE ROOM
*» and board in private club; references ex-
chaiiged. Address T. R-, box 58, Call Office.
'Ml 1 SHOTWELL — FRONT PARLOR; $17
Z.X\J with board; $7 without; furnished or un-
furnished. -
IAAI SUITER (II ORN R) — SUNNY
1"«1 suites and rooms; good table. MRS.
STANFORD.
1 O ! 7 SETTER — NICELY FURNISHED
1"! I large sunny rooms, with board, private
family, for 2 persons, $55.
7 1 9 POST - FURNISHED ROOM; USE OF
I 1 _ parlor and piano; good board: $20 up.
/COLUMBIA HOTEL- D. BUCKLKY, FOR-
\J merly proprietor of the Cosmopolitan Hotel,
has purchased Hackroe'er's Hotel, and assures his
patrons and vhe traveling public that his former
reputation as a host will be outdone in his new
enterprise: Mr. Buckley's free buses meet ail
trains and boats. 123 to 129 Eddy st. meals 25c.
mHE STEWART, COX. ELLIS AND LEAVEN-
X worth — Newly furnished rooms, suites orsingle.
OTKL BEKTLINO. 714 HUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required: all mod-
r'i convenience*. ' ]_
CHILDREN BOARDED.
ADY~W J SIfETrTO^BOATuTA^b^CAIurFO^
XJ 1 or 2 children: larce playground and gar-
den, good board and best care. • Apply 3470 Seven-
teenth st., near Valencia.
PROTEST ANT COUPLE IN MISSION WOULD
i like 1 or 2 children to board: good home; best
care; can give reference; $8 per month. Address
Home, box 64, Call Office.
Ur ANTED— 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD BY A
" well-rerommended German widow. D., box
169, Call Office.
stores TO LET.
xjZ.l. (large), $100.
519 Kearny— Store, etc., »45. W. H. CRIM &
CO., 118 Montgomery st.
TORE TO LET IN THE TOWN OF HAY-
wards; best location; suitable for any kind of
business. For information write to J. K. NISSEN.
rpo LET-STORE AND FLAT; GOOD LOCA-
X tlon for saloon and lodging-house. Apply 829
Hampshire St., near Twenty-first.
QECOND FLOOR 411 WASHINGTON ST., OPP.
0 Postoffice; well lighted: sunny; 40x120.
TOP FLOOR FOR MERCHANT TAILORING;
window display on ground floor. 817 Market st.
OFFICES TO LET.
C)9"Qr~AN~D~7l)7nsU^^
1 »—•';» flees and residence combined; reasonable.
1 '-^70 MARKET-FRONT OFFICES: SEC-
XO I \J ond floor; new modern brick; reasonable
terms. ... ,
ECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up; electrtc-Ilgbt;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at building
or i;. H. UMBSEX «fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
QTEINWAY PIANO; $150: OWNER OBLIGED
O to sacrifice It this week. Room 10, Flood
building, Fourth and Market sts.
UPRIGHT PIANO; CHEAP; LITTLE USED;
kJ fine tone. 2424 Mission st. • .
\\r illiam g. badger, sole agent for
»T the celebrated Hallet & Davis and Francis Ba-
con pianos, 406 Sacramento st.
UPRIGHTS SACRIFICED; SCHUBERT,
Steinway. Weber, Decker Bros. 1019 Van Ness.
E HAVE A NUMBER OF GOOD PIANOS
and organs of makers with established reputa-
tions that we are closing out at greatly reduced
prices and upon exceptionally easy terms. These
Instruments have been called in from agents
throughout the coast, In \ whese hands they have
remained for some time without being sold. Call
early and secure & bargain. SHERMAN, CLAY
<£ CO., cor. Kearny and Sutter sts., Steinway rep-
resentatives.
IjUSHER UPRIGHT, $125: MARSHALL &
' Wendell, $125: bargains a $150 and $175.
THE MAUVAI3 MUSIS CO., 769 Market.
PIANOS half price.-
administrator's sale
TO CLOSE estate OF CHAS S. EATON.
MUST SKL..
New and second-hand pianos at enormous reduc-
tion; exceptional opportunity to buy.
Call and examine 735 Market st.
S OUK NKW RENT CONTRACT PLAN
permits of our selling some pianos for $3 per
month it is not necessary to go elsewhere for more
favorable terms and low . prices. SHERMAN,
CLAY & CO., Steinwav representatives.
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: STEKL-
Ing $100; Laid 560. BRUE.N'N'S, 228 Post.
pIANUS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
Chlt CO., 933 .Market St.
STEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
O at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st. ;
DEFOKEBUV ING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ <S Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post st.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
/ small ■ goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York just the chance to buy a fine
Instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins, $1 »5; mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos.
CAses for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT. 929
Market St., Spreckels building. ■ ■ ■■■-■• ;
£ 1 O.t. FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
<|pl^». McAllister. st., next to Hibernla Bank.
CHICKKUINU.KNABK, STBCK.VOSE, BTEB-
ling pianos; see our new piano lor $187: piano*
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ &. SON. lßO'Farrell.
BY KON MA L 308 POST ST.— SOfIMKB,
.Newby A Evany J-rlggs «nd other pianos. - ,
QUPERIOR violins, ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
OH. MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham olaca
arr^=* a WEEK'S NEWS for 5 cents—
Hrie' WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
BICYCLES.
: WA^TE^uTo^>?T^MTN^S^AL^O^nr?s7
" second-hand high-grade bicycle; must be in
perfect condition and cheap: no agents; state par-
ticulars. . Address C. P., box 74, this office.
L> ICYCLES— SIO, $20, $25, $30; GOOD CONDI-
D tlon. 1571 Market st. :
ffi»~(V 1895 STEARNS SPECIAL: NEW
<D<JU. tires: fine order. 55 First st. .
J'' INFIELD PEARSON, 216 MCALLISTER.
O • Headquarters Lu-mi-num and Thistle bicycles
Second-hand WHEELS in perfect
order; terms, cash or installment; Crescent
$25, Cleveland $30, Victor $40, Crawford $33.
DAVIS BROS., 25 Geary st. .
QC NEW FALCON: HIGH GRADE: $45 AND
00 $55 each; half price: few left. GEORGE
WEBB ALEXANDER, 401 Market sU
BICYCLES, 1896 MODELS,S-'5 TO $65. HAM-
llton Cyciery, Baker St., near Hayes.
ICYCLES FOR $20, ?25,*530, $35, $40, $45,
i> $60, second-hand. 306 Post st.
TTIOR SALE-'96~BaMBLE7;; WARWICK: IM-
X 1 penal and Clipper bicycles at great ba. gains.
303 Larkin st.
ARK CYCLERY— NEW WHEELS TO _ET;
X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo-
All later and Powell st. car lines.
FOR . SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
ST. BERNARD PUPS; ROUGH COAT; THOR-
oughbred; sired by largest St. Bernard in the
State. 812 Elizabeth st., west of Castro.
TTPRIGHT BOILER, ENGINE 5-HORSE-
U power: buzz planer; nearly new. J. W., box
9, Call Office.
pHEAP, A NEW 10-FOOT AMERICAN FLAG.
\J Apply 10 Stenart St., upstairs.
TRRIQATORS, 4 AND 8-HOHSE SECOND-
X hand gasoline engines, first-class and cheap'
Address Q. E.. box 100. Call Oflice. /
LOOP-YACHT— S2OO: 27x11. APPLY STORE
1548 Park st., Alameda.
RESH COW FOX SALE. INQUIBK FORTY-
fifth St., opposite Old Ladies' Home, Oakland. i
-3 H. P. UPRIGHT ENGINE & CENTRlFU-
galpumpaUached<&so-Hghtdynamo.sl6MlsBlon
COUNTERS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
bought and sold. 1121 Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
ARGAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
li OILERS, ENGINES.2D-HAND MACHINERY,
-D waterplpes. Mclntosh & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
"i UILDLNUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES
I) doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
ONIS SMALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market st.
TviKE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
X: press, platform scales and desk :cheap. 103 Clay.
IvTew ranges CHEAPER than second-
1\ 'band. W. s. RAY Mfg Co.. 12 California st.
L.ATKSI SHIPPING INTKLLIUKNCK.
Domestic Ports.
EUREKA— June schr John A, hce
June 19.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jnne 27— Stmr;Progreso, he
June 24.
Foreign Port*.
8 PANAMA— SaiIed June 25— Stmr Columbia, for
San Francisco, '
HULL— Arrived June 26— Br ship Beecroft, hnc
Jan 7.
HAMBURG— Arrived June 25— Br ship Glen-
burn, from Tacoma.
Movements of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 27— Stmr Prussia,
from Hamburg; stmr Veendam, from Rotterdam;
stmr Edam, from Amsterdam.
Sailed— Stmr Amsterdam, for Rotterdam; stmr
Mohawk, for London stmr Patrla, for Hamburg;
stmr Alter, for Bremen; atmr Werra, for Genoa;
stmr La Bretagne. for Havre; stmr Anchoria, for [
Glasgow; stmr Umbrla, for Liverpool (grounded i
in Gedneys Channel; came off at 9 p.m. and
anchored).
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 27— Stmr New
York, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed June 27— Stmr La Touralne,
for New York.
GLASGOW— June 26-Stmr State of Cali-
fornia, for New York.
LIZARD — Passed June Stmr La Gascogne,
from New York, for Havre.
DIVORCE PRO CEEDXN US.
. The following applications for divorce were filed
yesterday:
Abraham Posner against Amy Posner.
Arthur L. Begbie against Alice K. Begbie.
Emma J. Smith against H. Le Baron Smith.
Teresa McCann against Alfred E. McCann.
Robert Mills against Clarissa Mills.
Hattie E. Kennedy against Albert W. Kennedy.
mums— marriages— mm"
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by m V.I I
will not be inserted. They must be banded In a:
either of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons authorise.!
to have the same published,
BORN..
BOWES- In Alameda, June. 26, 1896, to the wife
of Captain E. C. Bowes, a daughter.
DAVES— In this city, June 25, 1896. to the wife of
K. D. Daves, a daughter. . . ■r- ■ . » ■
FLOERSHEIM— In this city, June 26, 1896, to the
wife of J. Floershelm. a son.
GAIIRE— In this city, June 26, 1896, to the wife of
Henry Gahre, a son.
HARRIS— In this city, June 27, 1896, to the wife
of W. E. Harris, a son.
HAWES— In this city. June 18, 1896, to the wife 1
of G. W. Hawes, a son.
HERLITZ— In Berkeley. June 15, 1896, to the
wife of C. F. Herlltz, a daughter.
LEISHMAN-In this city, June 27, 1896, to the
wife of It. Leisnnian, a son. .
MACKIN— In this city, June 25, 1896, to the wife
or J. M. Mackin, a son.
MORTON— In this city, June 23, 1896, to the wife
of T. H. Morton, a son.
ROCKER— In this city, June 14, 1896, to the wife
of J. C. JHocker, a son.
SCHNEIDER-In this city, June 26, 1896, to the
wife of Edwin Schneider, a son.
SCOULER— In San Rafael, June 16, 1896, to the
wife of Benjamin Scouler, a son.
BEILER— In this city, June 27, 1896, to the wife
of Max Seller, a son.
MAKKIGI).
GRENNAN-TURNER— In this city, Jnne 25, I
1896, by the Rev. Father Cailaghan, recently of |
Amio h, Joseph F. Grennan of San Francisco t
and Lillian Turner of Antloch. r , ■\ V
JOHNSON— MKNGES-In this city, June 26, I
1696. Edward W. Johnson and Lottie M. Menges.
KIERNAN— WERNER— In this city, June 24.
1898, at St. Rose's Cliuroh, by the Rev. Father
■ Nugent. James H. Kiernan and Kittle J. Wer-
ner, both of San Francisco.
McKKNNA— FORBES— In Sacramento, June 19,
1896, T. D. McKennaand Frances F. Forbes,
both of San Francisco.
SMITH— HOLLAND— In Golden Gate, Alameda
County, Cal., June 24. 1896, at the home of the
bride's parents, by the Rev. E. H. Hayden of
Santa Rosa, A. Henry Smith and Florence A.
Holland, both of Golden Gate.
I DIED. ~
Biebeshelmer, Peter Mingham, Robert H.
Bourjeols, Alexis Neary, Howard L.
: Collins, Michael Nielsen, Olaus
Conlon, Bridget O'Brien, Catherine
Croome, Dr. William Perry, Ruby J.
Dora:i, Mary Pyne. Mary L.
Fernandf>B,Father M.F. Scheifler, Frank
Franke, Mary E. Stevenson, John W.
Greene, Joseph R. West, Kate
Harris, George D. Whelan, Catherine L.
McCormick, Julia Wynn, Watkin W.
BIEBESHEIMER— this city, June 26, 1896,
' Peter Biebesheimer, beloved husband or Magda- '
lene Blebesheimer, and father of Uustave, j
George and Julius Blebesheimer, a native of
Germany, aged 68 years 1 month and 14 days.
A member of Madrono Grove No. 21. U. A. O. D.,
Santa Cruz, and of California Equitable Aid
Union. [Santa Cruz papers please copy.]
Friends and acquaintances and officers
and mem of above orders are respectfully
Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from his late resi-
dence, 1021 Filbert street, thence to 413 Sutter !
street, where the services will be held under the j
• auspices of San Francisco Grove No. 3. U. A. O. I
I)., commencing at 2 o'clock P. if. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
BOURJEOIS— the City and County Hospital,
June 27, 1896, Alexis Bourjeois, aged 23 years. !
COLLINS— In this city, June 27, 1898, Michael,
beloved husband of Minnie Collins, a uative of
County Cor Ireland, aged 45 years.
49~The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. _ from bis late
residence, 1361 1- olsom street, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. , . ; ■
CONLON — In this city, June 27, 1896, Bridget, j
dearly beloved wife of ihe late Patrick Conlon
and mother of Joseph Conlon, cousin of Bartley,
Thomas, Katie and Mary Lee, Mrs. Noonan and |
Mrs. J. G. Grant, a native of the parish of Kill- I
roonan, ' County Roscommon, Ireland, aged 41 !
years. > -.
jOT Friends and acquaintances and members of I
the Third Order of St. Francis of St. Anthony's,
are respectfully invited to attend the funeral TO- I
MORROW (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from j
her late residence, 205 Bartlett street, thence to
st. James Church, where a solemn requiem mass !
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul, I
commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. interment Holy j
: Cross Cemetery. .
CROOME— In this city. June 26, 1896, Dr. William j
Croome, a native of England, aged 44 years.
US' Friends and acquaintance) are respect-
fully invited to attend. the funeral THIS DAY
; (Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the par-
' lors of , Haist.ed & Co.. 46 Mission street,
near Sixth. Interment private. .
DORAN— In this city.'June 26, 1896, Mary, dearly j
. beloved wife of James Doran, and mother of i
James, Annie and Nicholas Dorauand Mrs. Nor- ;
man WoodbecK, a > native of County Wexford, '
Ireland, aged 65 years 10 months. [New ork j
papers please copy.] •. : :
- A6J"Friendj anil acquaintance? -are reio^t-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
' (Monday), at 8:30 o'clock a. m., from her late :
* residence, 102» Capp s.reet, thence to St. Peter's j
Church, where a requiem high mass will be cele- i
brated for the repose of her soul at 9 o'clock a. m. |
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.' :
FERNANDES— In Oakland, June 25, 1896, Father '
Manuel F. Fernandes. pastor of St. Joseph's i
. Portuguese Church, . a native of Portugal, aged
. 46 years 6 months and 6 days. ....
jWThe funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10 o'clock a. if., from Su Joseph's j
:  ' 11 fcfriWHulT' lwi^lilS'iiiT^iYn-tT- — —
1 'Portuguese Church, Chestnut street, between
' Seventh ani Eighth, where a solemn : requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul. Interment St. Mary's Cemetery, Oakland.
FRANKE-in this city, June 26, 1896, Mary
Elizabeth, beloved wife of Otto George Franke,
a native of Ireland, aged 36 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to a tend me funeral THIS >A,V
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
GREENE— In this city, June 87, 1896. Joseph
Raymond Greene, beloved son of Joseph C and
Irene ; Greene, a native of San Francisco, Cal.,
aged 3 years 11 months and 12 days.
Friends and acquaintance* are re*T»C"-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 10:30 o'clock a. m., from the
residence of his parents. 1405 Powell street,
thence to T.ilrd and Towiiseud streets for 11:30
o'clock a. M. train. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
HARRIS— m this city, June 25, 1896. George D..
beloved husband of Grace Harris, and youngest
son of George P. and Martha Harris, a native of
Nova Scotia, aged 31 years 8 months and 7 days.
JB3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from B'nal B'riih
Hall, 121 Eddy street, under the auspices of
Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. and A. M. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
McCORMICK— In this city, June 27, 1896, Julia
McCormick, a native of Queens County, Ireland,
aged 83 years. .'
j(S-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 1 :30 o'clock p. if., from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. Julia McCarthy. 733
Clementina street, near Ninth. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
MINGHAM— In this city, June 25. 1896, Robert
H., beloved husband of Mary Mingham, father of
Carrie. Ella, Maria. Robert, Charley, Frank and
Joseph Mingham, son of Mrs. Maria Sherman,
and son-in-law of Mrs. Catherine Clements, a na-
tive of New York City, aged 46 years, [Virginia
City (Nev.) papers please copy.J
JO" Friends and acquaintances are resDSOt-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock m.. from his late resi-
dence, 317 Lombard street, thence to St. Francis
Church, Vallejo street, for services at 12:30
o'clock p. m. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
NEARY— In this city, June 25,1898, Howard L..
beloved and only child of John and Agnes Neary, '
a native of San Francisco, aged 2 years and 6
months.
&'£- Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock a. it., from the resi-
dence of the parents, 9JBV<| Valencia street.
Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
NIELSEN— In this city. June 27, 1896, Olaus
Nielsen, beloved husband of Henrietta Nielsen,
and father of Mrs. Weinert. Mrs. Olney, Mrs.
Harriet holmgreen, Olga and Oliver Nielsen,
a native of Norway, aged 80 years.
O'BRIEN— In this city, June 25, 1896, Catherine,
beloved wife of Charles O'Brien, and mother of
John J., Katie. Frank, Joseph, Annie, Ray,
Mamie and Charles O'Brien, a native of Dublin,
Ireland, aged 52 years. ,
4E?"Frienas ana acquaintances am respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8 :30 o'clock a. if., from her late
residence, 123 Page street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock a.m. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ..'. ,
PERRY— In Klngman, Ariz., June 27, 1896. Ruby
J., beloved daughter of J. Edgar and Pauline
Perry, aged 8 months and 9 days. ;
PYNE— In this city June 26. 1896. Mary Lynch
Pyne, dearly beloved wife of Robert Pyne, and
devoted mother of Mrs. John Shinkwin,. John,
Robert, Daniel, Augustus, Lizzie and .Inlia Pyne,
a uative of the parish of Cannovee, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 54 years.
O-Friendsare repectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY (Sunday), at 9:45 o'olock
a. m.. from her late residence. 2720 Folsom
street, thence to St. "James Church. Twenty-
third and Guerrero streets, where a requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 10:30 o'clock a. k. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. "
SCUEIFLKR— In West Berkeley. Jnne 21, 1896,
Frank Scheifler, beloved husband of the late
Lilly Scheifler. and father of Augusta L. and
Frank J. Scheifler, a native of Austria, aged 36
years.
4(9* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock p. m.. from Red Men's
Hall, 510 Bush street, where the funeral services
will be held under the auspices of Eureka Lodge
No. 6, O. d. H. S. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
STEVENSON— In Esqnlntla, John W. Stevenson,
- beloved son of Jane and the late Wesley Steven-
son of Oakland, and brother of Mrs. J. M. Lewis
and K. A. McLellan.
WHELAN— In this city, June 26, 1896, Catherine
L. Whelan, youngest daughter of John J. and
Ellen Whelan, a native of San Francisco, aged 4
months.
WEST— In this city. June 27, 1896, Kate, dearly
beloved sister of Mary E,, Margaret, Thomas and
George West, a native of County SUgo, Ireland,
aged 25 years.
WYNN— In Livermore, June 27, 1896, Watkln
William Wynn, a nativ* of Monmouthshire,
Wales, aged 75 years.
j«-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from the Pres-
byterian Church. -. ■_
McAVOY A GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMKBS,
2O Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School.
: - : . • Telephone 3080. •
Jas. JlcMkkokit. Chas. McMenomky.
JAMES McMF/SOMEY & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND tMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
. Telephone No. 3354.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone So. 156.
MOUNT OLIVET
CEMETERY,
"INCLUDING NATIVE SONS GOLDEN WEST
1 Knights of Pythias, Improved Order Bed Men.
Ancient Order Foresters and other cemetery asso-
ciations, San Ma'eo County: nearest cemetery to
the city; non-sectarian, Is so sense exclusive;
rKRFKCT TITLE GUARANTEED: location UneX-
celled.
Please call at office, 997 Market St., before select-
Ing burial place elsewhere.
OUTING OF BRITISHERS.
A Rowing Regatta Held
Among the Vessels at
Sausalito
The Crew of a Head Boat Goes to the
Rescue of a Capsized Craft
and Loses.
Yesterday the British sailor boys in
port had a, picnic at Sausalito, an aquatic
picnic as befitting the profession. The
sturdy young fellows rowed boats, paddled
tubs, walked greased spars and did other
comical thines for cash prizes.
It was the occasion of a play-day given
by the captains of the English vessels here
and at Sausalito to their crews. Several j
hundred dollars was collected among the |
masters and given as prizes to the victors
in the boating contests and different games.
The following ships, which are mostly
all anchored off Sauaalito, sent their crews
to compete in the races: Orion, Hydera
bad, Wynnstay, Morven, Almora, Kil
meny, Ditton, Brabloch, Lyndhurst, Ec
clefechan, Verajean, Leyland Brothers,
Beechbank, Hahnemann, Hollinwood,
Iverna, Loch Broom and Primrose Hill.
All of the vessels, especially the flagship
Orion, were handsomely decorated with
bunting. The title of "flagship" was given
her out of regard to the iact that her skip
per, Captain Croudace, was masterof cere
monies.
The big Orion was aflame with her sig
nal colors, from tlying boom end to peak
and from yard to yard. Three or four
hundred visitors were assembled on her
decks, with a brass band to keep them
company.
One of the most interesting contests was
a race between the captains of ships lying
at Sausalito and the skippers of vessels at
San Francisco. The former were: Crcudace
of the Orion as cockswain, Kiddy of the
Frabloch, Walker of the Falklaridbank,
Newson of the Hahnemann and Mcßryde
of the Wynnstay. The San Francisco
team were : Boyd of the Doon as cock
swain, Garrock of the EUisland, Buchanon
of the Beechbank, Morrill of the Vereiean
and Bailey ot the Leyland Brothers.
The boats started away with the eight
British captains tearing up the water with
their oars. On the second 100 yards of the
course an oar in the Sausalito boat
snapped in two pieces. This left three
rowers to contend against the other boat's
four. The luckless rower instantly faced
forward on his thwart and put his strength
on the single oar that was pulling against
the other bank.
However, the loss of the oar handi
capped the boat, and it would have been
beaten but for a blunder on me pan; oi
their competitors, who mistook the coirse
and were declared out of the contest, giv
ing the race to the crippled boat.
A number of other odd and amu ing
things occurred. During a race in wticii
the boats were being pulled backvHrd
with the rudder unshipped a small saiHoat
handled by one man capsized and the
leading craft in the race went out of ,he
course and rescued the person flouncer
ing in the water. In their generosity tley
lost the race.
There were several tub races, in wheh
the rowers made the most grotesque effots
to urge their bobbing, whirling, clucuy
craft through the water. The winner dg
tanced his competitors by reaching oat
ahead of his lub with his broad paddle
and pulling the water toward him.
Several of the races were contests whee
shovels were used instead of oars, aid
Indian canoe-fashion the tough-armed
lads paddled their heavy boats along.
There were a number of swimming con.
tests in which the boys acquitted them,
selves quite creditably; also punt scullim
and greasy spar walking, in the last of
which the competitors quite often tum
bled into the bay.
Among the guests on the Orion were:
Commodore C. H. and Mrs. Harrison, Mrs.
J. W. Harrison, the Misses Harrison,
Miss Flood. Miss Zarr, Herbert Martin,
Mr. Newhall and two sons, Ed Zook, J. C.
Beedy, Miss Bosqui, Miss Jessie Beedy,
Miss Rose Miller, Miss Bennett, Mis 9
Hamilton, the Misses Ludolph, H. and W.
Haley, the Misses Wasser, Miss Nobman,
Miss Nightengale.
GRAIN RATES REDUCED
Competition Accomplished What
the Railroad Commission
Was Unable to Do.
Old and New Figures Showing the
Reductions — Further Changes Ex
p?cted in the Future.
It is now but a little more than a year
since the Valley roaa began active con
struction work, yet it h»s already become
an important factor in rate-making in the
section through wnich it ;is designed to
operate.
Relief was promised the farmers in at
least a portion of the San Joaquin Valley
this year, and that promise has been kept
by the directors of the competing road. A
schedule of grain rates was put in the
other day, making considerable reductions
from those in operation on the lines of the
Southern Pacific Company, and this
action of the Valley road has now been
met by a cut on the part of the Southern
Pacific Company, which up to the present
time has had an absolute monopoly of the
carrying business throughout the Sao.
Joaquin Valley.
When the attention of Charles F. Smurr,
the general freight agent of the Southern
Pacific Company, was called to the reduced
rates of tbe competing line, and he was
asked what his company proposed to do in
the matter, he remarked:
"We are a transportation company and
our business is to carry freight. We shall
simply have to meet any cut made by the
opposition, as we do not propose to be
driven out ot business."
In accordance with this policy, a new and
reduced urain schedule has been put into
operation by the Southern Pacific Com
pany. In the following table the new and
old rates are given, the figures being in
cents per ton of 2000 pounds. The rates
are for carloads of a minimum weight of
24,000 pounds, and apply only to the points
mentioned in the schedule. This is the
table:
llflHiiFsffiflrfH
This is designed simply to cover the ter
ritory from which the Valley road expects
t> haul grain this season.
No notice of the new rates was sent to
the office of the Railroad Commission, nor
was a copy of the schedule filed with that
body, as had been the custom previous to
the beginning of the suit now pending in
the Federal court to test the powers of the
commission.
Similar reductions throughout the valley
will follow as fast as . the Valley road is
completed to important points, for its rates
will in ev«sy instance be lower than those
prevailing, and the Southern Pacific Com
pany will be in self-protection bound to
follow tbe lead of its enterprising com
petitor. .
It will be a fight between a corporation
free from watered stock and inflated issues
of bonds, and one top-heavy with interest
and dividend bearing liabilities.
a — •• — — -
THE TRAVELING MEN MEET.
Elect Officers and Plan a Reunion for
July 3.
The board of directors of the Pacific
Coast Travelers' Association met last night
at the Grand Hotel, filled several vacancies
in the list of officers, and made prepara
tions for a semi-annual reunion and social
to be held July 3in the Alcazar building
in this City.
The resignation of S. Mosley Woods, as
president of the association, was accepted,
because of his change of residence to New
York. J. C. Eubanks, formerly vice-presi
dent, was elected to the presidency. Jos
eph B. Treadwell was elected vice-presi
dent, and Harry Moreanthau was chosen
to fill the vacancy on the board of direct
ors.
The secretary's report showed a total
membership of 400, a gain of 75 in the last
six months. There is also $2000 more
money in the treasury than at the preced
ing meeting.
A. H. Jesse, W. H. Slocum and VV. F.
Cumback were elected members of the
association.
Patk Theater.
The Park Theater on Grove street, after sev
eral weeks' preparation, opened on Saturday
last most successfully, and the crowded houses
that attended the performances during the
week testify to the present popularity of the
house. To-morrow Dan McCarthy's own Irish
comedy, "The Rambler From Clare," will be
produced.MATTIE OVERMAN
WILL REFORM
Says Her Only Hope Is in
the Charity of
Men.
NO LOVE FOR CHURCHES.
Stockton Is a City of Christians,
but They Ignore Chris
tianity.
STAYING WITH MRS. TUNNELL.
Not Seeking for Dr. Brown, but May
Meet Hm Some Day
Casually.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
. 908 Broad way, June 27. :
Miss Mattie Overman and Mrs. Tunnel!
are stopr' n g a 1 the Victoria House, wnere
they will remain until Mattie is rested
' sufficiently to return to her parents in
TacomJ.
They came to Oakland after being turned
out of a lodging-house at Stockton and
carefully avoided going near Mrs. Baton,
who had previously announced that she
would not shelter them.
Mra. Tunnell says she is tired of the
Brown case, but Miss Overman still finds
satisfaction in discussing it.
"I was never treated so badly in my life
as I was at Stockton," said Mattie to-day,
"Dut I have not yet become accustomed to
my position in society. I suppose the.
world thinks I am 'a very naughty girl and
ought to be punished, and Dr. Brown
thinks fo, too, I guess. I placed a preat
social gulf between Dr. Brown and myself
when I made that confession to the coun
cil. I realize it perfectly, and so dues he.
He has to remember the barrier and live
accordingly. 1 shall never force myself
upon him and never try to see him, but
we are likely to meet casually.
"We were surrounded by churches and
church people in Stockton and we were
requested to leave the boarding-house. It
was a newsna^or man who invited us out
to lunch after we were turned out and he
said he would be glad to have us come and
Ftop at his house. I don't go to church
now and am not particularly enamored of
them. I would not go into a private house
nnless I was very decidedly ureed to do so
and my past was known. Mrs. Eaton,
dear Christian lady, was altogether too
premature when she said she would not
allow me in her house. She must appreci
ate cheap notoriety.
"Stockton is a stupid place anyhow.
When we were there we made no effort to
conceal our identity, and our landlady
lied about us, too. And she was a good
churchwoman.
"I t^ink after I am rested that I shall be
come a reporter. Men treat me better than
women do, aud I ihiiik I'U get along all
right. I will have to do something that
will not throw me with women much, be
cause they treat me so horridly. I don't
know just when I shall start on my
new career. I am trying to be a better
girl now, but society won't forgive me for
my past. Men don't think of such things;
they are more generous and broad-minded
than women. But there is one thing that
surprised me, and that is the way the
Chronicle treated me in an editorial. It
said -he people of Stockton did just right
in turning me out. Now is that Christian ?
I am not forcing myself on any one, and I
amnotgoin.' under a false name, and it
seems to me that people ought to help me
to lead a good life. Any way, men treat
me nicely."
Mrs. Tunnell says they expect to remain
a week. "I am here with poor Mattie,"
6be said, "taking care of the dear girl, who
is a complete wreck physically. She is
just iike a child, well one day and sick the
next. She is better now, but I have to
keep a close watch over her health."
ALAMEDA TRAINS COLLIDE
An Electric Car Runs Into the
Narrow • Gauge Road
Sprinkler.
Brakes Refused to Work and the Grip
man Is Cut and Eruised While
Saving a Lady.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 27.— Car No. 16,
belonging to the Alameda, Oakland and
Piedmont Electric Railway, while running
northward along McPherson 6treet this
afternoon, ran into the narrow-gauee
sprinkling train where McPherson street
crosses Central Avenue.
The car was in charge of Motorman
Pullman and Conductor Brooks, and the
watering train, consisting of two cars and
engine, bad Conductor Davis and Engi
neer Simons on board.
The train was struck with such force
that all the front part of the electric car
was shattered. The impact also threw it
off the line.
Only one passenger was on board, the
widow of the late Matthew Schneider.
Fortunately she was uninjured. The con
ductor received a cut and bruise under bis
left eye by the shattered glass while pro
tecting the lfidy, and was also severely
shaken.
How the accident occurred is not clear.
One person says the car did not stop before
reaching the crossing. The conductor
says he jumped off as usual before the car
had come to a dead stop, and he went to
to see if the line were clear. He turned
round and found the car coming on. The
motorman shouted he could not get the
brake to act. It was the motorman's firßt
day on this branch line, and it is pre
sumed he was not conversant with his car
and the crossings.
Tidal Canal Nuisance.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June 27.— A con
ference of the public bodies of Oakland
and Aiameda was held last night to con
sider the measures to be taken to abate
the nuisance created by the foul sewage
in the tidal canal. It was demonstrated by
the engineers of both cities that the dig
ging of a ditch 5 feet wide was not feas
ible and the plan suggested i 3 to dam the
cunal across with piles and sandbags and
pump the residual water out.
The conference ended in the passage of
a resolution to hold another meeting next
Thursday evening of a committee of two
from each of the following bodies: The
Boards of Health and Education of Ala
meda and Oakland; the Common Coun
cil of Oakland; the County Supervisors:
the City Trustees of Alameda, besides the
City Engineers and City Attorneys and
Mayor Davie of Oakland.
Company G Shoot.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. June 27.— At the
shooting range ou High street thi3 after
noon a number of members of Company
G completed their last State shoot. The
scores made were: Captain Chipman4o;
Lieutenants Simpson 40, Dohrman 32;
Privates Burkhardt 26, Baker 29. Cadman
18, Cbipman 27, Gordon 12, Hi^by 32,
Jones 26, Knowland 20, Miller 23, Moffitt
40, Sander 62, Wittich 40.
Injunction Bolt.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jane 27.— An injunc
tion suit against the city has been ad
journed till next Wednesday. The pre
vailing opinion is that so far a very weak
case has been presented against trie city.
1. P. Allen, one of the City Library
Trustees, owned in me witness chair that
he had furnished the necessary funds for
the commencement of the suit.
I urinal Yacht Club.
ALAMEDA. Cal.. June27.— The Emer
ald, Thetis, Fawn, Lapwing, Aflelia and
El Sueno left this afternoon for a cruise to
McXear's point at the lower end of San
Pablo Bay.
COUNTY FRUIT.
Although Some Varieties Are Scarce
the Prices In M*ny Cases Are
Very IJow.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— The Hay
wards Journal to-day publishes the fol
lowing:
This has been a peculiar fruit season.
Not to our recollection has there been such
a short Royal Anne cherry crop, and
naturally the price has ben gilt edged.
Black cherries have also been scarce, and
apricots are now reported at about half a
crop, bnt strance to say at present are not
exceeding $20 per ton. But an advance
may be expected any time. Quite a num
ber of our frnitmen made a ten strike on
currants this year. It has been several
years tince currants broucht from $5 to $8
per chest. This was caused in a great
measure by the mildew destroying a large
portion of the crop.
Now that the cherries are cleaned up the
next in season will be apricots. The re
cent hot spell of weather has greatly has
tened the "ripening of 'cots, and in a few
un hards we learn some fruit is already
ripe, but it will be over a week yet before
picking will commence. The fruit prom
ises to be exceptionally fine this year.
Hunt Bros.' cannery a? the depot fin
ished up on Royal Anne cherries Wednes
day We were surprised to learn that the
pack just finished amounted to over 10,000
cases, and even goes ahead of last year.
The pack is gilt-edge, and mo-t of it has
already been spoken for in the East.
PULTON'S LARGE SEIZURE
Assessor Takes Charge of the
Pacific Postal Ccmpany's
Property.
The Right to Ra ; se a Corporation's
Statement of Valuation to Ba
Tested in Court.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, June 27. f
County Assessor H. i\ Dalton now has
on his hands Ihe local office of the Pacific
Postal Telegraph Cable Company and all
the poles, wires, submarine cables, bat
teries and other property of the company
in Alameda County. It was just noon
when he walked into thß local office with
Assistant District Attorney H. A. Melvin
and served notice of the seizure upon the
operator in charge, Miss L. Thompson.
The seizure is made under authority of
the statutes of the State, in default of pay
ment of the company's personal property
tax for the fiscal year ending July 30.
L. W. Storrer, superintendent of the com
pany, was present, and it was agreed that
Miss Thompson should act as receiver
and hold all receipts, subject to the order
of Assessor Dalton. Monday, July 6, has
been set as the day to sell the property, as
provided by law.
This afternoon W. S. W T ood, counsel for
the Postal Company, filed a suit against
Assessor Dalton to have a restraining
order issued to prevent him from seizing
and selling their property for an alleged
delinquency in the payment of their per
sonal property tax. Tne company claims
that it presented a correct valuation of its'
property at $9000, and that he raised it to
$22,350, "which makes the takss |3U2 25.
They pray for a decree ordering the
Assessor to accept $113 45 in full satisfac
tion for all State and county taxes, and
also to be restored to full possession of all
their property which he now holds.
Efforts were made to secure a temporary
restraining order, but all efforts to secure
a Judge to sign it were futile, and the mat
ter had to go over until Monday at 10 a. m.,
when it will come up before Judge Ogden.
T.rona Heights.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— The Cali
fornia Railway is now running electric
trains to Leona Heights, formerly known
as Laundry Farm, and it is one of the most
picturesque pleasure trips in the vicinity
of the bay.
Parties from San Francisco take the
Haywards local train at Oakland Pier to
Sather, there connect with the California
Railway to the heights.
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco CaLlj
908 Broadway, June 27. (
Ex-Governor Pacheco is stopping in Oakland
with some relatives.
The free market will not be open next Satur
day, as it is Fourth of July, but instead will be
held Friday.
Chief Lloyd has given orders to all his officers
to arrest any one tiring off firecrackers before
the Fourth of July.
The Home Security Building and Loan Asso
ciation has sued James L. Lone on a note for
$900 with interest.
James McDonald fractured his right arm
early this morning while engaged in his work
at Smith's Borax Works in Alameda. ;
Nellie Leavitt Cade has filed a dismissal of
the contest of the will of the late William B.
Swain, which was tiled on the 23d of March.
The regular monthly shoot of the .Reliance
Gun Club, which was to have taken place on
Sunday, July 5. has been postponed until
July 12.
The Masonic Temple Association has elected
the ioliowing officers: President, George Pat
terson; vice-president, John A. Beckwith; sec
retary, J. J. Warner.
Grace E. Morey, a pedagogue, has sent in an
application for the -cooking teacher's position
in the Manual Training School when it shall
have' been established. '
The cube of granite which is to represent
Alameda County in the gloat monument that
is to b»» erected at Monterey was shipped from
the Amador Marble Works.
This was a lively aay for applications for ad
misMim to citizenship In Judge Frick's court,
but the roll of voters was not increased, al
though five aspirants made strong efforts to
be admitted.
The West Oakland Improvement Club will
meet in Hansen's Hall next Tuesday evening
at 8 o'clock. It is expected that the West
Berkeley improvement organization will also
be in attendance.
W. G. Hnmilton arrived this morning from
Europe, where he has been for a year. He
brought the remains of his father-in-law, An
drew Meyer, who died at Leipsic during his
stay on the Continent.
Good morning, have you read Thomas Slater's
advertisement lor men on page 30 ?
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
FROM SLAVERY
TO THE ASSEMBLY
Thomas Pearson Aspires
to Be Elected a
Legislator.
A REPUBLICAN ORATOR.
Declares a Colored Man's Chances
Are Good From His
District.
MAY GET THE NOMINATION.
At Present He Is Landscape Gardener
to th 3 City of Oak
land.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.'
908 Broadway, June 27. f
A man who was born a legal slave has
announced his aspiration to represent the
Thomas Pearson, Who Was Born in Slavery, and Now Desires to Be Fleeted
Assemblyman From the Forty- Eighth District.
Forty-eighth Assembly District in the
Legislature of 1897.
The declaration of Thomas Pearson,
! municipal landscape gardener of Oakland,
I to become an Assemblyman has caused
general surpr : se, and has caused many to
consider what chance a colored man has
to carry a district in Alameda County. A
few weeks ago a colored Republican uni
formed club was organized, and its mem
bership is rapidly growing. In the Re
publican ranks the Afro-Americans of this
; city will cut quite a figure during the pres
i ent campaign, and it will not be surpris
i ing if Mr. Pearson should receive the
nomination.
Thomas Pearson is an orator of repute.
He stumped the State on behalf of Estee,
and had that gentleman been successful
Mr. Pearson would have been happy for
four years.
He was born in slavery in Warrentown,
N. C, in 1856. in 1867" Pearson's father,
| who was then at the Mare Island navy
j yard, brought out his family and located
at Vallejo. In this place little Thomas
learned his alphabet and made his debut
in politics. Since coming to Oakland Mr.
Pearson has been very active in politics
and is very popular with his people. He is
prominently identified with the Colored
Old Ladies' Home and has been mainly
interested in raising funds for it. Person
j ally, he is very quiet and reticent, but his
1 ability to speak iv jublic has not been
overrated.
"I know of no reason why it should be
considered presumptuous for a man of my
race to aspire to the Legislature," said
Pearson this afternoon. "We have many
naturalized foreigners arnotu- our office
holders and legislators, and surely they
have no more right there than I have. In
California, and especially in this county,
there is less feeling in regard to color than
in any other part of the country. Ido
not believe that the unpleasantness re
garding the hotel accommodations for the
colored delegates to the St. Louis conven
tion would ever have occurred on this
coast. So long as a man is a gentleman
and pays his way he is a man. I don't
think that my constituency would oppose
my election simply because of an accident
of birth. I am out and that settles it;
defeat and I are well acquainted."
COHEN SURRENDERS.
Gave Himself Into the Custody of
Sheriff Knight of Balem,
Oregon.
OAKLAND, Cal.. June 27.— Chief of
Police Charles E. Lloyd received a tele
gram to-day that was a surprise to him
and to many others when it became
known. It was from Bhenff John Knight
of Salem, Or., and read as follows:
"I have got Meyer Cohen. Do you want
him? Gave himself up and will waive ex
tradition."
Word was at once sent back tbat he was
wanted and that an officer would be sent
for him at once. An officer will co after
him and bring him to this city to answer
the charge of forgery placed against him
by M. Greenberg of San Jose.
Cohen is the erratic newspaper man who
skipped out on the eve of his wedding with
Miss Greenberg. Ha had provided him
self with cash by having checks cashed
bearing the signatures ot his father-in-law
to-be. It was when these showed up that
the reason for his sudden departure be
came known. It is supposed his money
gave out and he decided to lake his
chances by returning. Many believe
Greenberg will not push the case.
McKINLEY IN OAKLAND.
Yistied His Brother, Who Waa a Coal
Merchant at the
Time.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— David H.
McKinley, a brother of the Republican
Presidential nominee, was a resident of
Oakland for nearly ten years and kept a
coal office on the southeast corner of Tenth
and Washington streets. Mayor J. L. Davie
was successor to the business. Afterward
David McKinley went to the Hawaiian
islands as Consul and died on his return
a few years ago.
William McKinley, the center of all at
traction in the Republican and gold stan
dard ranks, in 1880 had just been elected
to Congress, but his health was such as to
make his friends feel worried concerning
hiVn. His physicians advised a change of
climate and he came to California. He
was then the guest of bis brother for nearly
a month. There are many who remember
him and his genial ways.
Near the coal office was Polk Gray's, and
during McKinley's presence in the city
they became quite well acquainted. Gray
describes McKinley as a most interesting
conversationalist and a man possessing
pleasing manners to a marvelous degree.
"I think," said Mr. Gray to-day, "that
he commanded more attention when he
spoke than any man I ever saw. He was
a very approachable man and made
friends easily. When he came into the
store there would always be several who
would drop in, and the moment he started
to tell a story or rej/ite an anecdote there
was perfect stillness, as his conversation
seemed to charm all."
SIGNED THE DECREE.
3lr«. A. Crowlcy Awarded a Divorce on
Ground of Cruelty and Given
the Children.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— The prop
erty interests of Dr. D. D. and Alma A.
Crowley all having been satisfactorily ar
ranged to all parties at interest, Judge
Frick has signed the decree granting the
latter a divorce on the ground of cruelty,
awarded her ths children, $125 a nnnCn
alimony, with all expenses of maintaining
the place ar.d necessary medical, dental
and surgical attendance for herself and
children during their lives.
Should she remarry or die the property
goes to the children and the alimony is
reduced to $75 a month and is for the sup
port ot tie children Should one of them
then die this amount will be reduced to
$37 50. The mother is not to remove the
children from the jurisdiction of the court
without leave beine obtained and the
father is to be allowed to visit them on
Monday and Friday of each week between
4 and 5 p. m.
COMPETITIVE DRILL.
Members of the Boys' Brigade Compete
for a Gold Medal.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— The various
companies of the Second Regiment, Boys'
Brigade, met in the armory of the First
Presbyterian Church last evening to wit
ness an individual competitive drill by
some of their members. They were greeted
by an audience of about 200 friends. The
judges were: Captain B. L. Weymouth,
Alameda; Captain W. N. Jenkins, Oak
land ; Captain L. N. Cobbledick, East Oak
land, and Lieutenant Dinsmore, Alameda.
Six companies entered six men each,
who were divided into two divisions and
drilled for points, and the two winners in
c ich division were then placed against
e«ch otner for the finals. The judges
awarded the prize for first place to Private
Will McDonald, Private Henry Schooner
winning the second place. Captain W. O.
Bird of Alameda put his men through the
hospital corps drill much to the satisfac
tion «>f his audience. The regiment goes
into camp at Guerneville on July 8 for a
week's drill.
A TRUSTY WALKS OFF.
Says the Other Prisoners Did Not Treat
Him Well.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— Simon
Brauler, a trusty engaged in the City HalJ,
walked out of the building and down the
street this morning. He did not attempt
to escape, however, and was soon over
hauled and brought back by Officer Moore.
In explanation of bis action he said some
of the other prisoners did not treat him
well and so be decided he would co out.
He in the man who broke a plate glass
window in a saloon recently when driven
away from the free lunch counter, as be
explained, that he might get in jail where
he could have food which he was unable
to secure outside as he could get no em
ployment. It is believed he is slightly
"off."
A Cripple's Body Found.
OAKLAND, C^L., June 27.— Boatkeeper
Charles Wilson of the California Yacht
Club found a corpse in the eatuary this
morning near tb.9 Alice-street bridge.
Last Monday Bridge-tender Potts re
ported seeing a ccrpse floating around in
this locality and made an attempt to re
cover it, but it disappeared before he
reached it. It is now thought that this
was the body. The remains were taken
to the morgue, where they await identifica
tion. They appear to be a man about 40
years of age, ot sandy complexion, a heavy
mustache, with a bald head. His clothes
were of the cheapest material, consisting
of heavy shoes, black coat and dark
striped trousers. He was a cripple, and
was carrying a paper in his pocket which
asked aid to tret him back East.
Police to Shoot.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— The Oak
land policemen who defeated ' the San
Francisco policemen at the butts last
April have been challenged by Lieuten
ant Vaugh of Company A, N. G. C, to
Bhoot against ten of his men. The chal
lenge will be accepted.
fourth Ward Populistg.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— Another
Populist club was organized in Oakland
last night with thirty-five charter mem
bers. The officers are: W. R. Batton,
president; W. S. Lewis, vice-president;
Z. G. Wheeier, secretary; James Grim
niins, treasurer; P^arl Perrau. sergeant-at
arms. They will be known as the Fourth
Ward Club.
Cadet* of the Cross.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 27.— Company
A, Cadets of the Cross, met last evening
in West Oakland and adopted their con
stitution. William Flanagan, James Mc-
Quaid, Edward Biven, John Dalton and
Sylvester Hodgan were appointed a com
mittee to arrange for a public rally. They
will report next Friday evening.
When a Hussian family moves from one
house to another it is customary to rake
all the fire from ihe hearth of the old
domicile and carry it in a closed pot to the
new residence.
LELAND STANFORD
LATHROP TO WED
His Engagement Announced
to Miss Lillian M.
Watson.
TO MARRY IN BERKELEY
Both the Young People Are Tal
ented, Gifted and
Rich.
A WATER FAMINE FOft DAYS.
South Berke'ey in Sore Straits Through
the Break in a Water
Main.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 27.— The en
gagement of Leland Stanford Lathrop, son
of Charles G. Lathrop and an heir to a
large slice of the vast Stanford estate, to
Miss Lillian M. Watson of Napa County,
who is now visiting la Berkeley, was pub
licly announced this afternoon.
The wedding will take place next Thurs
day at the Goodrich residence on Dwight
way. The wedding itself will be strictly
private, only a few of the immediate rela
tives and friends having been invited.
The ceremony will be performed by Rev.
Dr. Spaulding of St. John's Church, San
Francisco.
Miss Rowena Watson, a sister of the
bride, will act as bridesmaid, and Frank
Van Ness of San Francisco will serve as
groomsman. It is expected that Mrs.
Lelaiut Stanford will be present at the
ceremony.
For some time past the engagement has
been known in a circle of the most inti
mate friends of the contracting parties,
but to ihj world it has been a profound
secret.
With the announcement comes a ripple
in the social stream of more than ordi
nary mugnilude, since both the bride and
groom have long been looked upon as
bright stars in the society firmament of
San Francisco and Oakland. Both are
but a few years over twenty, have rare
musical and literary talents, are leaders
in the circles in which they move ana
possessed or much wealth.
The share of the groom in the Stanford
estate will run up well into the hundreds
of thousands, and the bride has a con
siderable estate in her own right.
The groom was born in New York Stat».
but received much of his educational
trainine in this S.ate, having graduated
from liclmont, alter which he attended
Harvard for a time. He has traveled to a
considerable extent and been in the em
ploy of the Southern Pacific Company at
their oflkes on Fourth and Townsend
streets for several years and now holds a
responsible position.
Arresting Train-Jumpers.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 27.— Deputy
Marshal Rawson of West Berkeley has ai"
rested several boys for trsin-jummna dur
ing tiie past few days. A Urge number of
youngsters make a practice of jumping off
aud on the local trains while the latter are
in luolion, and the officers are endeavor
ing to put an end to the dangerous
amusement.
Lack of Water in South Berkeley.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 27.— A water
famine has prevailed in South Berkeley
during the last two aays, owing to a
break in one of the mains of the Contra
Costa Water Company. Residents of the
South End have been put to a good deal
of inconvenience, and there is much com
plaint at the delay in repairing the main.
The break was attended to this afternoon.
Interesting News Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., June 28.— Charles
Heath, the colored bootblack who is
charged with assault with a deadly
weapon, will be tried next Wednesday
morning before Justice James.
To-morrow's service in ihe North Berke
ley Congregational Church will be the last
conducted by the Rev. J. Clarke Robbins
before he takes his summer vacation,
which he will spend at Geyserville.
Berkeley Lodge No. 270, I. O. O. F., has
elected the following officers: Noble grand,
William Chase; vice-grand, Mark Geir
rine; secretary, Charles Geirrine; treasu
rer, Joseph Chappie ; trustee, John Spen
cer. The installation will take place on
the evening of July 7, Harbor Lodge J^o.
277 of Oakland assisting in the ceremonies.
Tue Berkeley Public Library has re
ceived a number of valuable additions to
its collection of books.
Tom Prinnle, a boy 16 years of are, fell
from a tree this afternoon and broke his
right arm.
A. N. Sheldon, U. C. '96, has been ap
pointed principal of the high and gram
mar schools of Paso Robles.
"The Bandit," which was recently pro
duced in Berkeley by A. S. Rlioror, the
author, is being played by him iv interior
towns.
NEWS OF THE CHURCHES
Rev. Campbell Coyle of Oakland
Has Accepted a Call to
Indiana.
Rev. Campbell Coyle, assistant pastor of
the First Presbyterian Church, Oakland,
has received a call to the church at Marion,
Ind. It is understood that he has signified
his willingness to accept, pending the
action of the Presbytery. Great regret is
expressed by members of the congregation
at his coming departure, though he will
not leave for his new field of labor until
the return of Rev. Dr. Robert Coyle from
the East, where, with his family, he is now
spending his vacation.
Rev. Dr. Isaac Cook, formerly of the
University of the Pacific and recently
president of the Nebraska Wesleyan Uni
versity, has resigned that position owing
to the inability of the institution to meet
expenses. Nebraska, more than any other
State, is said to nave suffered from the
hard times and drouth, and its educational
institutions are sorely pressed for funds.
Rev. Frea H. Maar has accepted a call
to the Redwood Congregational church.
The Congregational church in Tulare is
the recipient of a new and beautiful pulpit,
the gift of E. C. Beals.
Rev. Father Renauaier, S.M., is at pres
ent the guest of the Marist Fathers at
Notre Dame dcs Victoires. The reverend
father is well known in this City. He has
consented to preach to-day at the French
church on Bush street.
Rev. George F. Hall of Decatur, 111., the
famous pulpit orator and platform lec
turer, is in town, and will speak this even
ing (Sunday) at the First Christian
Church, Twelfth street, near Howard.
The subject of his lecture will be: "The
Greatest Book of the World."
The Missionary Extension Course opened
its summer school at Glenwood on the
24th. The session will extend to July 8.
Several California clergymen will take
part in the proceedings from day to day.
L/iuction Sales
ADCTION SALE FOR CREDITORS.
$25,000 WORTH OF JAPANESE HIGH-ART GOODS!
Placed in my hands by the CREDITOBS of the
ORIENTAL » TRADING® COMPANY.
All to be closed out on the premises,
419 KEARNY BTBEET, COMMENCING ON MONDAY, JUNE 22, 1896,
At 10:30 A. M. and 2 P. M., and Continuing Daily Until All la Sold.. . .
This is positively the largest stock on the coast, consisting of Oriental Ococo Rugs, Klegant Screens.
Bronzes, Canton Curios. Old Batsuma, Kaga, Koo ii. Cloisonne, Awata. Bishu, Ivory and Wood Car v-
iD(.s, Ancient and Musical Instruments, oale positive as store is rented. Ladles particularly invited. .
CHAS. EASTMAN, AUCTIONEER FOR CREDITORS.
HAD JUDGE AND
LAWYERS FIXED
An Alleged Statement of N.
C. Carter Arouses His
Honor's Ire.
FOR A JOKE ON FALVY.
Unique Reason for Shifting
Trouble to a
Friend.
HOW LUCKY BALDWIN BETS.
Ha Puts Money Mainly oa His Own
Horses and Then He Keeps
Mum.
Attorney Crittenden has developed a
habit in the cross-examination of the de
fendant in the Ash ley- Baldwin suit of
commencing proceedings each morning
with an excursion into the personal his
tory of the witness. This habit was not
departed from yesterday, and as a so rt of
appetizer Baldwin was called upon to
state from how many of his wives he had
been divorced. He said he had been di
vorced from only two. One of these he
lived wit'i twelve or fourteen years. An
other of his wives died after he had lived
with her about five or six years.
From this delving into ancient history
Crittenden brousht the case up sharply to |
the matters decidedly modern. After re- '
ceiving from the witness an acknowledg
ment that Mr. Unruh, hia first wife's first
cousin, had been rendering him assistance
in matters referring to the case, Mr. Crit
tenden asked: "Has Unruh been endeav
oring since last night to see a witness who
is under subpena for the plaintiff?"
Baldwin said he had no knowledge to
that effect.
"Have you sent any one- to see Mr. An
derson since you were asked «ibout him on
the stand? 1 ' asked Crittenten.
"I have not," was the reply. "I
wouldn't give (ive cents to keep liim off
the stand. I'd rather have him here."
The witness was asked if he knew a man
named Carl R. A. yon Arenholdt. After
hia Honor, the attorneys and the stenog
rapher had successfully struggled with
the orthography of the name, Baldwin said
he had met such a person.
"Did you send Carl yon Arenholdt to
Pasadena on business connected with this
case?' queried the examining attorney.
Baldwin said he understood that Aren
holdt was there on some such errand, but
he had no knowledge of it except the
man's own statement.
"Don't you know," insisted Crittenden,
"that Arer.holdt was employed to go to Los
Angeles to endeavor to get Miss Ashley
to compromise herself by some improper
act?"
"I don't know it," answered the de
fendant; "I heard so."
At this point Judje SlacK gave evidence
of an unusual interest in the proceed
ings. "Is this man the one who is said to
have carried stories to Miss Ashley con
cerning me?" he asked. Crittenden said
it was not, but he would reach him in a
moment. "I am very desirous that you
do so," remarked his Honor.
Mr. Crittenden then commenced upon
the tack indicated. In answer to ques
tions, Baldwin had admitted that lie Had
known a man named N. C. Carter, who
had been his friend for fifteen or eighteen
years.
"Did you ever have any conversation
with him about this suit?" he was asked.
Baldwin answered that he told him it
was a blackmail suit, but this was ordered
stricken out.
"Did you tell him to state to Miss Ash
ley that you had the Judge and the law
years all fixed in this case?"
Hardly had the question escaped Crit
tenden's lips when Baldwin exclaimed ex
citedly, "I did not, and he won't testify
so." He was warned by tne court to
answer directly.
"Didn't you send Carter to see Miss Ash
ler?" asked Crittenden.
"I did not," replied the defendant. "He
said he was going and I told him not to go
for me. I never received any report from
him and he had no authority to act for
me."
Judge SlacK expressed a desire to have
Carter in court and asked Baldwin where
be was. Baldwin said he was in Santa
Anita. "If you would iike to have him
here it would be no trouble to get him,"
be said.
"Can you get him here?" asked Crit
tenden.
"I don't want him," was Baldwin's
reply.
The circumstances ot Miss Ashley's j
alleged downfall at the Baldwin Hotel and I
the subsequent occurrences at Hotel Coro
naiio were then gone into at length.
Miss Ashley's visit to Hotel Oakwood
waa also exploited at length. Several
references were made to Andrew Ander
son, a former employe of Baldwin, and
from the manner in which the aged de
fendant answered it was evident Anderson
was persona non grata to the witness.
"Did you say to Anderson," asked Crit
tenden, "'I hear Miss Ashley has a baby
and there is apt to be trouble. If there is
I want you to help me lay it on Falvy.
It would be a good joke on Falvy.' "
Baldwin said he did not make such a
statement to any human being, and An
derson was the last man in the world he
would tell such a thing.
The witness was shown a cardboard
badge with a string attached. He was
asked if he recognized it. He paid it was
a badge of admission to the grand stand of
the St. Louis racetrack. 'That is not a
lady's ticket." he declared. "No lady
could be admitted to the stand on that
ticket."
Asked to explain the difference in price
between tickets for ladies and those for
gentlemen Baldwin said the former cost
$1 and the latter $1 50. When it was shown
GEO. F. LAJISOJ. AIfTIO.\EEK.
I Office— 4 lO Kearny Street.
MAGNIFICENT HAHETT, DAVIS &
CO. UPRIGHT PIANO.
Valuable Library and Elegant Furniture.
TO-MORROW,
Monday :......"....:..:.June 29. 1896,
At 11 o'clock, on the premises,
PINK STREET, NEAR TAYLOR.
I WILL bKLr.
One Magnificent Orchestral Grand Upright Hal-
leu. Da via it Co. Piano, one of the royal instru-
ments of this celebrated make, cost the owner
fwOO: Parlor Upholstery in crimson silk plush;
handsome Gilt-frame Mantel Mirror; Body Brus-
sels and Wilton Carpets: Paintings: 1 Magnificent -
Genuine ban Domingo Chamber Butt, ■ highly
finished, cost $350; 1 Iron Safe, 1 Mirror Top
Folding Bed, large Chiffonier, Choice Mattresses.
Blankets and Bedding, 1 Walnut Book Case; 100
volumes Valuable Books, comprising many works
by best, authors: sideboard, intension- table. Din-
ing Chairs: China, Crystal, Glass, Silver-Plated
and Ruby Bohemian Ware: 1 rat-Class Im-
proved Kange, Agateware, etc. Terms Casn.
GEO. F. I,.\MSON'. Auctioneer.
ASSIGXET SALE.
1 Slaughtering prices balance of assignee's sal«.
Rocks ways, Buggies, Carts, Harness, etc., must
go. Come and make an oiler. 1128-1141
Mission st. ■ . -\ ..
that the ticket in evidence was marked $1
he said tbat he was thinking of tickets ad
mitting the bearer to the padaock as well
as the grand stand.
A race card of the Bt. Lonis track was
introduced in evidence. In each race
there were marks opposite the names of
horses. An effort was made to ascertain
if these were horses Baldwin had bet on,
but be declared he was unable to r mem
ber. "I very seldom bet on any but my
own horses," he declared, "and no one
bui myself would know what horses I did
bet on. I always keep my own counsels
about such matters." He denied that he
bad given the card as marked to Miss
Ashley.
The name of Colonel Pope, the bicycle
manufacturer, which has been allowed to
rest for several days, was again called into
the case. Crittenden wanted to know
when Baldwin had seen Pope. Baldwin
said he and Mr. Lloyd called on the
Colonel, accomparied by James R. Wood,
in April of last year.
Crittenden called on Baldwin to explain
a number of passages in letters written
and received by him. At 5 o'clock be an
nounced that he had finished with the
witness.
Judge Slack announced that he must
close the case in three days, even if night
sessions were required.
Reference was made by Attorney High
ton to the alleged statement of Carter,
tbat the Judge and lawyers had been
"fixed." Judpe Slack said he would like
very much to have Carter in court in order
that he might ask him some questions.
Baldwin said he thought ne would come if
requested, and Mr. Lloyd said that he
would bring him to court if possible.
Baldwin assured his Honor that he bad
too much sense to make the remarks al
leged to have come from him.
The case will continue Monday morning.
Receptlou to lv» t her Caraher.
Under the auspices of St. Francis branch of
the League of the Cross, Rev. Father Caraher,
the new pastor of St. Francis Church, will be
jtiven a reception this afternoon at 2 o'clock
in Washington Square Hall, corner Stockton
and Union streets. Musical and literary exer
cises will aid to make the affair enjoyable, and
the public generally are invited to be present.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HUTKL,
L Oerlacb & w, Stockton C T Church, Mass
J A Alclntire, Sac R R Gallagher. Montreal
Mrs A O Borte,C'o!o Bpgs T W Bortree, Colo >pgs
Mrs J)W Collins. Pueblo Miss Collins, Pueblo
Mrs W E Clark, Pueblo O Garibaldi, Merced
W A Marshall. Piedmont W H Hanna, Sac
J Joseph, sac W Musschi, Cal
J B (-aribaldl, Merced L P i-wift. Fresno
F H Hyatt, Chico Mlsg'Gaines, Sac
P P Hrizani. Art at a X B Cashing, Houston
M Croonan <fe w, Mac M J *'ay, Cape Point
W J Pemberton. Mont E T Bartlett, Mass
giss X X Baker.Los Ang Mrs J N Baker, l/os Ann
X F. Sievpns, Randsburg X A Williams&w, Vallejo
M Hall. Santa Kosa X Monta u<\ San Josa
J Whitney <t w, rt Rafael D R Mclntosh, Cal
Mrs A C McKeeny.H Jose O P Anderson, Sacto
B W Morgan, Oakland C H Hchiillng. Arix
C M i.'n: terman. Ogdea Mrs E C Wooley, Sn Jose
H B Jacks, Sacramento F Ingold <fc fam, Wis
J G Sullivan, Cal C M Fox & vr, Bnta Bos*
Mrs Jackson. Xapa H H Smith, Toronto
Mrs Parker. Napa W A Chapman, Cotati
Mrs J 8 Ferry, 1 etaluma F R Donald <fc wf, Cal
G A Wiley, Martinez W S Hubbard, Vallejo
J B Treadvrell, Sacto W F Peterson, Sacto
W E a man n. St Paul A i. Jones <£ wf, Sacto
B Barnar, St Louis U 11 Gordon, Sacramento
Martin Carter, lrvlngton
NEW WKSTEKN HOTEL.
H Vivion, Fowler B L Fisher. Alameda
A Bowers, Los Angeles J 8 Applebury, Los An*
William Paul, N V Harry Williams, Tacoma
O Brigh 1 y <£ w, St Johns H Montague, H V
J Downey, NY R H Whipple, Chicago
C Summers, Chicago J H Polk, Chicago
C Bonatban, Helena H Duncan, Los Angeles
J Petion, Los Angeles P Crews, Redding
W Jari'M, Lou Angeles J Crawford, Buffalo
W Johnson, Ont A Henderson, Ont
J Gardner, Bratford \V Gottlieb, Hamilton
C Adams Rochester L a Llndu, Jamaica
£ E Owens, Los Angeles J W Prtng A f.Cole Spfs
P Ryan, Deer Lodge W H Raymona, 111
Miss N Wilson, Green Pt W U Dunbar& w, N V
C Stumbler. NY R H Downey A w, Ohio
R E White &d, Boston Annie Stephenson, Mass
Emmie F Taylor, Seattle .1 D Sprague, -Seattle
H Lunt, Seattle W R Sto t A w. Seattle
Mrs J Johnson, Boston X P Harding, Brooklyn
H DGalettdtw.Cokimbiiß P Crews, Redding
A C Barton, Weaverville J C Meadows, Tulare
H I Cartwright, *alt Lk J Perkins, Sacramento
Mrs F Bennett, Stockton
LICK HOUSE.
T L Smith, Yuba City JM Woodruff. Pbiladsl
TM Hall, Pa B B Itirsch. UttUft
B Edson, Cal W G Hall, San Jose
F M itockhlll A w, L An Miss B Tribune, Sta Bar
G W StrohL N'apa Miss Spencer, Sr.n Jose
L H Taylor, Nev BN (. avanuugh & w, Sac
T B Kay, Salem J R Payne, N V
J H Lane, Cal G II Baird. Marysville
E P Terry A w. Chicago G T Rice Aw. Bremwood
TP G laser, Santa Cruz Miss G .-'antord, Or
L M Frey, Seattle G H Reynolds. S Bend
Dr Barber, Santa Rosa H M McKell, Sta Rosa
B C Nirkols, Santa Kosa T B Burk. Boston
O D Frits, N V A E Brown A w, Cal
W A Carnes. San Jose M Burk. Davisville
P N Redmond, College P J M Rewe. Woodland
J E Sebaefer, Sonnra It M Mortimer, Kenwood
J A lUeagber, Buffalo a 31 Jones, Bus. on
J C Tlmmons, San .lose
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEf.
J Webb, Los Angeles Miss M Bresnin, Stockton
W c Collins, Stockton W Watt, Stockton
L A Bates, San Jose A Whltycombe, San Jo#e
C Crittenden, Sun Jose H Gelatl A wife, lowa
II C Tuckson, Rdwd City S Thompson, Angels
Mrs C M K*efe, Sonora Miss M Keele, Sonora
J A JLvata, Sacramento B F Bradley, Sacramento
George Hall. Merc ed s I'owd. New York
G Wilson & wf, Los Ang II L Kanleje. Fresno
G W Garrett. tresno T L Maloney, Fresno
E C Adams, Fresno W G Sonaers, Fresno
Mrs Garrett, Fresno Mrs A Osmond, Loi Ang
C L Donohue, Willows G Hammond, Portland
A L Hammond. Portland J B Doyle, Denver
R L Schultz, Santa Rosa L O'Brien, Santa flosa
PALACE HOTEL.
F E Foster, Boston J T Fetters A w, N T
H T Matthewson, XT P Kircheim, Benin
M Stein, NY W W snuley, Chicago
L C Tetard, Chicago M Engel, N V
L Cowen, NY H T Wenham, Keswiek
C W Fielding, Keswiek A Connor Aw, Los Ang
J Smith, I.os Angeles J F Boyd, ban Rafael
T Dam plerre, Mazailan
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F Cable, Vallejo E Cramer,- Stockton
J A Hayes, Sacramento J B Wilson, Ohio
T Grub, St Louis C Hebert, Salinas
H W Aldls, NY O Fisher A w, N Orleans
1 J O'Neil, N V W Hartley & w. N V
E E Bauer, Chicago 11 Stocking A w, Sn Diego
C F Cohen, Vallejo J C Lynch A w, Chicago
E L Graham A \v, NY FA Jones. N V
R A Smith, Seattle T Dillon, Siocktoa
1516
BURGLARS STEAL
WEDDING GIFTS
Ransack the Residence
of the Rev. John
Stephens.
RICH PLUNDER TAKEN.
The Pastor and His Wife Were
at Prayer- Meeting at
. the Time.
A BOLDLY EXECUTED BTJRGLABY
Entrance Was Effected Through a
Window and Escape Was Hade
by the Rear.
While the Rev. John Stephens, pastor of
Simpson Memorial Church, was advocat
ing the amassing of spiritual wealth at
prayer-meeting last Wednesday night
divera jimmy-wielders were ransacking
the reverend gentleman's humble cottage
at 309 Haight street with a view of laying
up a little earthly treasure in the shape of
numerous wedding gifts, which the doctor
and his wife had received upon their mar
riage day some six months ago.
The prayer-meeting concluded about 9
o'clock, and as the parsonage is less than
five blocks from the church it could not
have been more than a quarter past 9 when
the pastor and his wife reached home.
As he opened the aoor the doctor saw
one of the gas jets burning brilliantly.
The burglars, like the wise virgins in the
parable, had heeded the warning to "be
ready when the bridegroom comes," for
they evidently fled precipitately through
the already opened back door and gate lead
ing out into a little street or alley that
runs back from Buchanan street, just op
posite the Protestant Orphan Asylum.
Like the wise virgins again, their lamps
were bright, even if not trimmed, and the
flaming jet certainly "sent forth a radiant
lighc."
Seeing the light the unsuspecting I
preacher, who innocently thought that j
nobody would stoop to such depths of folly
and wickedness as to rob a poor Methodist
parson, asked his wife why she had left
the light burning. She was positive she
had put out the light. Then he noticed
that the door into the bedroom was un
locked, and when he asked his wife why
she had not locked the door she again was
certain she had done so, By this time
their suspicious were aroused and they be
gan to examine their belongings.
Mrs. Stephens' black silk dress was
missing, as were the doctor's overcoat and
a silver watch, which bad been presented
to him as a "pulpit monitor."
The bureau drawers had been ransacked
and all the wedding presents of the couple
were rnissintr. Mrs. Stet)hens usually kept
the gifts hidden in a secret place in the
house, but on the day before the burglary
she bad taken them out to show a friend
and had pushed them under the bed, in
stead of replacing them in their hiding
place.
When they made these startling discov
eries Dr. and Mrs. Stephens hastened out
into the street and told the story to some
of their friends who were coming up i
Buchanan street from the prayer-meeting.
One of them, C. B. Perkins, quickly noti
fied the police, who are now actively work- j
ing on the case.
Mrs. Stephens feels very bad over the i
loss, as the sentimental value of the wed
ding gifts, which had been given by
various friends, was much greater than
their actual vaiue, which, however, was
considerable, amounting to a couple of
hundred dollars.
The burglary of the house was a particu
larly bold undertaking, for the neighbor
hood is thickly built up and cars were con
stantly passing. Entrance to the house
had been effected by climbing up on a ,
fence and prying open the side window |
with a jimmy, breaking the catch by i
which the window was locked. The
burglars had then evidently opened the
back door and gate in order to escape read
ily in case the occupants returned.
Dr. Stephens believes that they were
busy ransacking the dining-room when
they heard the noise of bis key opening
the front door ana that they then immed
iately fled with their booty.
The empty Doxes in which the presents
had been packed were left scattered about
the bedroom. The silverware, which con
stituted much of the booty, was marked
with the owner's name, but if, as is prob
able, the burglars were professionals, this
mark of identification has doubtless been
obliterated.
Although the thieves were evidently
somewhat familiar with the house and
custom of the occupants to be absent at
prayer-meeting on Wednesday evenings,
Dr. Stephens and his wife have scarcely
any suspicions as to who the burglars
were.
The only one the doctor can think of is
a tramp who applied at the house at
various times, and wnom the doctor
gave work in the garden in return for
meals and other assistance. However,
the doctor has no further reason for sus
pecting him to be the guilty person.
Inasmuch as the police were almost im
mediately notified and Detective Dillon
was at the house a few moments after the
burglary, it is hoped that the thieves may
be captured.
PROF, HINRICHS` RETURN
He Comes to Conduct a Season
of Grand Opera at the
Tivoli.
His Views on Some Modern Com
posers—Shocked at tne Dark
Streets.
Gustav Hinrichs, the well-known ope
ratic conductor, arrived here yesterday
evening to begin the rehearsal for his sea
son of grand opera at the Tivoli.
"It is ten years since I was in San Fran
cisco professionally. That was with Theo
dore Thomas of the American Opera Com
pany,'' said Mr. Hinrichs, when asked
about his recent movements. Although
he has been so prominently connected with
music in Philadelphia for the last decade,
Gustav Hinrichs has never ceased to look
upon San Francisco as his home.
Hi's family have continued to reside at
his house in the 2100 block on Pine street,
and whenever he has been able to steal a
month or two from his Eastern engage
ments, he has come to this city. It was
hrre that he composed his opera "Anti-
Ora, " for which Mrs. Toland made the
libretto, though the work was produced
in Philadelphia, where it proved a com
plete success.
Speaking of his earlier days in San
Franoignn, Oustav Hinrichs said: "It
was here that I first conducted at the old
California Theater, on July 23, 1871. so I
shall celebrate my twenty-fifth anniver
sary as a conductor next month," and in
reply to a remark that he did not look like
a man who had worked for a quarter of
a century as a chef d'orchestra he replied
laughingly, "I was 20 years old at the
time, and in the daylight look my 45
years."
For the last ten years Gustav Hinrichs
has conducted a season of grand opera
every year in Philadelphia. He is very
enthusiastic about the season just ended.
"Financially it was not a success; all
over the East the season was a disastrous
one, as the failure of Abbey and Grail
shows. We had a $50,000 guarantee fund
to start with, and were able to engage good
artists. I went to Paris and brought five
artists from the Grand Opera-house, as
well as Mme. Emma Nevada, and she is a
charminc: singer, a host in herself.
"Among the operas new to Philadelphia
that we gave were Ernest Reyer's
'Sigurd,' a magnificent work, and ttie
German version of 'Hansel and Gretel.'
The latter is very pretty and took splen
didly."
Speaking of new operas and composers,
Gustav Hinrichs expressed the most in
tense admiration for Puccini's "Manon
Lescaut," a work to which he gave the
first American production. "Compared
to Massenet's 'Manon' it is like a glass of
champagne compared to a glass of soda
water. Puccini is the most modern and the
most talented of all the young Italian
composers, and I consider that he has a
great future before him." That Mr. Hin
richs knows a good deal about modern
Italian composers is proved by the fact
that he was the musician who first intro
duced to America "Cavalleria Rusticana,"
"L'Amico Fritz" and "I Pagliacci."
The conductor was utterly astonished to
find the San Francisco streets in darkness.
"I did not know what to matte of it when
we got out of the business streets and
found no street-lamps," he said. "I re
member we had one experience of the sort
years ago, under Denis Kearney, but in
'96 it is incredible that such a thing should
be tolerated. I believe this is the only city
on earth that is in such a condition."
A number of the members of the new
troupe arrived from the East with Mr.
Hinrichs.
BRITISH HEADQUARTERS.
A Place Where the California
English-Born May Feel
at Home.
A Few Exhibitions Will Be Given,
bnt Health Culture to Be
the Prime Object.
The St. George Club is rapidly acquiring
a greater membership and a greater
dignity. Plans for its new building have
already been approved, and the structure
will be commenced as soon as the contract
is awarded. The building will be par
ticularly handsome and complete. Much
The New Building of the St. Ceorge Club on Mason Street.
thought has been given to the athletic j
rooms. They will be equipped probably
as finely as any in the world. In fact, the
St. George Club aspires, and with good
! pround, to be the Manhattan Athletic Club
of San Francisco.
The building will be two stories in
height, facing on Mason street, and will I
contain many commodious rooms besides
the large hall lor athletic exhibitions.
i This hall will contain every instrnment
for athletic recreation and education that
the mind of a muscle-making, sport-loving
man could conceive or devise. As the pro
nosed additions will cost a large amount
of money the members appeal to all Brit- j
ishers to assist them in establishing the !
recognized British headquarters of the
State.
The completed list, of officers of the club
reads now as follows:
William Greer Harrison, honorary president;
Percy Beamish. William Doxey, F. L>. Brandon,
\V. J. Field, Colonel a. Andrews, Charles
I Lyonß, vice-presidents; N. W. Bolton, honor
ary chaplain; Edward Oliver, secretary; Frank
Winterburn, treasurer; W. G. Pope, sergeant-at
arms; executive committee — A. H. Rae-Brown,
F. S. Kemp, A. H. Tnrnbull ; boxing instructor,
Jimmie Carroll; wrestling instructor, Joe Ac
ton; musical director, Alfred Wilkie.
The fencing-master has not yet been de
cided upon, but will probably be Captain
Martin, late fencing-master of the Olym
pic Club.
The St. George Club has grow,n out of
the old organization, the Sons of St.
George. This drew the lines of member
ship strictly to "Englishmen, sons of
Englishmen or grandsons of Englishmen,
wherever born," but the present club has
taken down this barrier and considers
eligible to membership any gentlemen,
whether he be British or American.
The club now has on the roll more than '
300 members. It desires to emphasize the
fact that it is not a purely pugilistic club,
but one intended solely for the physical
development of its members.
There will be only occasionat athletic
exhibitions. The tirst of these is a match
be; ween Jimmy Carroll, the boxing in
structor of tne club, and James McAuliffe.
The time of this match will be somewhere
about July 27. A dispatch has been sent
to McAuliffe and the club is awaiting a
reply.
The St. George Club is affiliated with
clubs of like name in England, Africa,
Australia and in all the different States of
the Union.
Anti- Suffrage Club.
Ten ladies and two gentlemen were
present at the anti-suffrage meeting, held
under the auspices of Mrs. Carrie Murray,
yesterday afternoon n the Mills building.
Mrs. Murray made an opening address,
saying that to give women the ballot
would make them equal to men and de
stroy the home. T. Case said he thought
it was the proper thing to recognize
woman'j right to labor, but he did not be
lieve in giving her the ballot.
In intellect woman was man's equal, but
physically she was not strong enough to
stump the State.
Approbation was expressed for this
speech by several of the ladies present,
though strange to say, it was afterward
resolved to appoint two lady orators to
stump the State, in order to found anti
suffrage clubs. The selection of these
speakers was left to the president, and the
meeting adjourned, to assemble again ut
her call.
Cocoanut s.
Tropic Bird just In with cargo of cocoanuts, for
Pioneer Brand shredded and desiccated cocoanut.
Jl (i. Sresovich <fc Co.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, tTUINIS : as, 1896.
YOUNG PIONEERS
TO OLD PIONEERS
A Progressive Element in
the Society Declares
Itself.
DEPRECATES "DRY ROT"
Parsimony in Policy Scored and
Liberality to the Needy
Advocated.
OPPOSITION IN THE ELECTION
The Younger Members Determined to
Stir Up the Society and Make
It a Center of Life.
The Society of California Pioneers will
hold its annual election on the 7th prox.,
and already there are unmiaiakable indi
cations of a lively if brief campaign.
The present reeime will apply prac
tically for re-election, but will be met by
an opposition ticket. The latter will bear
the names and indorsements of what is
known as the "young, progressive ele
ment." This element has declared itself
in a printed circular which will be issued
shortly under the auspices of a nominating
committee of the opposition stalwarts.
The circular reads :
San Francisco, June 27, 1896.
To the Members of the Society of California
Pioneer*— Fbllow-MSNBKBs: Our society, so
munificently endowed, seems to have struck
a "dry rot." The policy of the majority
of the present board of directors is re
sponsible for the state of affairs. In
stead, therefore, of permitting them to per
petuate themselves in office, we believe it is
high time ths society should elect a board
more in sympathy with their own views, and
one that will not ignore their wishes when ex
pressed at the monthly meeUiiK*.
We believe that the system of hereditary
oflice-holdin? under the parentage and patron
age ot" a board of directors who undertake to
decree from year to year who shall he the
president and who shall be the other officers oi
the society is an insult to the intelligence of
every old pioneer possessed of a modicum of
intelligence and self-respect; that it should
now be brought to an end by a vote of such
emphatic condemnation as will for years to
come set tbe seal of condemnation upon this
auiocratic mode of procedure.
We believe that it is time for the society as
! such to take the reins info its own hands, o<"
else acknowledge the in competency of the
general body of men who compose it to govern
themselves, and make over in perpetuity to
the few who are now running the institution,
so to speak, the power to act for indefinite
time to come and be content to drift with aim
less purpose, and so fairly earn that which
now seems generally to prevail in the public
I mind— public indifference for the name of
I pioneer, if not public contempt at its mention.
A parsimonious policy seems to prevail in
the present board, and they fear to make
proper investments of the funds of the society
looking toward placing it in the front rank
of the leading clubs, associations or societies of
our City.
While not advocating extravagant expendi
tures, we submit to you that it is a sound
| business policy to place our society upon such
nn advanced basis that it will lead our mem
bers to gather oftener and in greater numbers
than they now do at our hall.
We submit that a reasonable percentage of
the magnificent endowment made to this so
ciety by James Lick should be so apportioned
and expended that old pioneers shall receive
substantial benefit from it while Jiving, in en
larged comforts, attractions, social opportuni
ty sand entertainment in the Pioneer build
ing, than the gloomy, forbidding and unat
tractive conditions which now prevail.
Willing as we are that the young men who
are to succeed us shall be «o well endowed as
to make them proud of and grateful for their
inheritance, we consider at the same time the
welfare, happiness and pleasure of the old
men, now far down toward the foot of the hill
of life, an object paramount to this and in
keeping with the wishes and intentions of
James Lick, to whose beneficence we in fact
owe our existence as an association.
The present dreary loneliness reminds us
that there is but little that interests our large
society sufficiently to bring them to its own
apartments.
.We therefore submit the ticket which we
shall hereafter inclose to members and ask you
to see that it is elected at the poll on the com
ing 7th of July, pledging our candidates to tne
following advanced platiorm:
• First— A sound linanciul policy that, whiie
it does not propose to belittle by the niggardly
plan so characteristic of the. present board of
directors, does not on the other hand propose
to spend our funds extravagantly, but by mak
ing our rooms attractive and offering a pleas
ant place for meeting for our members, old and
young, will actually increase our revenue and
make us nn "up-to-date" institution.
Second— A liberal policy to be pursued
relative to the relief ottered our members. We
pledge ourselves to do what we can to help
those of our members who really need it, ana
to do this in such a manner that no old
pioneer shall feel a sense of shame and humili
ation when he comes to the relief committee
for needed aid in his closing days; bur. father
that he asks, as he has a perfect." right to »sk,
substantial aid from the common inheritance
that was left and exists for the good ol us all;
that is not to De doled out by the unsympa
thetic and unpitying hand of rich men
to whom fortune has been so kind that it has
placed them beyond the conception of what
real want is, and beyond the pale of consider
ation for those who feel the relentless sting of
its torture. The time has come when worthy
old pioneers mast not be compelled to go. hat
in hand, "to the powers that be," to beg in
humble supplication for relief, but on making
known their need shall be graciounly and
kindly made to share a portion of the common
wealth of the association, and be made also to
feel no sense of moral or social degradation in
doing so.
Too often in the past favoritism has charac
terized our benefactions, and not a few have
had their last moments saddened by cold dis
regard on the part of those who should have
relieved and comforted them.
We are assured that it is the almost unani
mous sentiment of our junior members that
they have no desire to accept the magnificent
bequest this society will leave to James Lick's
generosity at the expense ot denying while liv
ing a reasonable amount of help to a senior
member or a decent burial at death.
We by no means mean to convey the idea
that we intend to waste our resources; but it
must be patent to many that some improve
ment is possible in the system of relief which
now prevails and has caused so much dissatis
faction among our members, and that improve
ment we propose now to accomplish.
Third— We believe that there is as much for
the pioneer to do in 189ti as half a century ago,
and that we have still vigor and enterprise left
to continue to take the lead as then. We
believe in progress now as much as in the days
of 1849. We therefore confidently appeal to you
to discriminate in favor of the ticket we shall
hereafter present to you. Two of the present
board are upon it as" well as two others who
have been directors heretofore. These mem
bers are familiar enough with the affairs of the
society to properly inform tne new members,
and if you elect them we predict for our
society a new era of prosperity unparalleled
in any previous time in our history.
This society should stand unequaled by any
other. It remains for your vote whether we
shall have progress or continued "Dry Rot."
A quick, earnest, active and efficient campaign
of a week among your friends will settle the
question in favor of all we pledge. Our head
quarters will be made known in due season
and ample opportunity offered to all who
desire to do so to participate in this movement.
MONEY IN THIS LAND.
Stiff Prices Paid for Small Ranches in
the Murphy Tract, at Moun
tain View.
Yesterday morning the special excur
sion train leaving Fourth and Townsend
streets for the purpose of conveying the
excursionists to the public offering of the
Martin Murphy estate at Mountain View
consisted of seven coaches, with about 475
people, and this train met the excursion
train from San Jose on the property at
noon. There were about 1200 people oil
the ground.
The sale was commenced promptly at 1
o'clock, and all the property was disposed
of, except five lots, with a total sale of
$44,825. The average price of the unim
proved land ranged from $120 to $200 an
acre, and the improved land in one and
two year old orchards of apricots, prunes
and peaches, from $155 to $240 an acre.
The following is a list of the different pur
chasers and prices realized:
L0t 7, 10 acres, $2400, A. Moors; lot 8,10
acres, $2300, A. Moors; lots 9-10, 20 acres,
$2700, James H. Farrell; lots 11-12,20 acres,
$3800, J. S. Fiera; lot 13, 7.64 acres, $1375,
F. Owen; lot 14, 12 acres, $1700, P. Nuendate;
lot 15. 10 acres, $1450, F. Oten; lot 16, 10
acres, $lt>so, F. Cestemauer; lot 17, 10 acres,
$1450, T. Lewis; lot 18, 10 acres, $1550, King
hen; lots 19-20, 20 acres, $3300, J. F. Eng
lish; lot 21, 10 acres, $1450, Dr. R. H. Burke;
lot 22, 10 acres, $1425, F. Custer; lot 23, 10
acres, $1350, F. Cufter; 10t 24, 10 acres. $1425,
W. C. Amoury; lot 27, 10 acres, $1200, H.
Hashagen; lot 28, 10 acres, $1200, J. Auder
eon; lot 29, 10 acres, $1200, J. Fleurey ; lot3l,
15.33 acres, $1800, W. H. Norton; lot 32, 9.64
acres, $1200, L. Ackerman; lots 33 and 34, 19
acres, $2600, Auchaser; lot 35, 9.64 ncres,
$1300, J. R. Knox ; lot 37, 9. 64 acres, $2000, F.
Owens; lot 38,9.64 acres, $1400. M. A. Car
roll; lot 39, 9.64 acres, $1700, J. G. Fuller.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER.
Mission Defense l<nion Elects Delegates
to the Campaign Convention.
The Mission Defense Union held its reg
ular meeting last night at the corner of
Twentieth and Guerrero streets and dis
cussed the new charter. The union is
strongly in its favor, and a number of the
members spoke advocating its adoption.
They did not hold that the proposed
charter was perfect, but was an improve
ment on the old, and it would not do to
reject it.
Judge A. W. Thompson and Alfred Wal
com were elected delegates to the conven
tion of improvement clubs, which will
work in the interests of the charter.
Judge Thompson was requested to ad
dress the union at the meeting next Satur
day evening.
Popular Koute and Popular Kates.
The San Francisco and North Pacific Rail*
way is always to the front with popular rates.
It realizes that it traverses a section of country
which is unrivaled for beauty of scenery and
unexcelled for climate. It believes in a busi
ness policy of making people acquainted with
the country through which it runs, and ac
cords very low rates in order that they may
do so.
This year they will sell from July 1 to 3, in
clusive, round-trip tickets to Ukiah, its
terminus, with return limit July 6, at only $5
for the round trip. This gives an idea of the
low basis of rates established for the Fourth of
July holidays to all other points of its line.
On July 4 and 5 you can buy tickets to all
points above San Rafael at one single fare for
the ronod trip, good to return on either of
those days and also on July 6.
There are some people who can get away
only at this time to visit the resorts of Sonoma,
Mendocino and Lake counties, and in order
that all may embrace the opportunity greatly
reduced rates are offered. The tickets will be
on sale for the resorts from July 1 to 4, in
clusive, with return limit July 13.
A great many of our people who take their
two weeks' vacation about the 4th of July
now have an opportunity to make the trip and
save money. This line has thrown the coun
try through which it passes wide open to the
public, and we have no doubt many will take
advantage of this opportunity to have a pleas
ant time and renew their health. •
The German Emperor has 350 carriages
in his stables in Beriin. Of these 100 are
lor the use of his suite.
NEW TO-DAY. .
I \% ; | GIGANTIC SALE |
% \WM OF LADIES' DRESSES AND JACKETS. .^l $8.50. 2
{S ' • / fyiS/J This Is not a sale of cheap, old-style garments. We at* /^"^b^rs^i nrrrro 6
O / /^,5-~ This is not a Rale of cheap, old-style garments. We ni* yi^A^ nCurtfl O
]T N ' /IT \- " only offering ultra-fashionable -up-to-date goods— the best r&\/1. /'ss*'*■ JL
0 ■ ) S-* l/^A and latest that our 25 years' experience can select. Our I 4]t{ ' /V"" «"\ Akin O
\f \* m r l ' S^Z^f l " tlH prices make a customer every time. Come and learn v» li M' 9&? ' Anil i
A r 7 £** . what a bargain Is In Dresses, Capes and Jackets. % ']i?\ijs Jr.'/ «IIU Jj
V / [ : &3"' EVERY OARMENT nARKED IN PLAIN FIGURES. . *W% Wr" BLAZER A
9 V $ ONE PRICE TO ALL. F\>* BLAZER 6
9 -— 7. 7\ DRESSES. 9
V SHIRT J&K elegant TAN C— SO /. \ — " x
a W/-»»m a» £cV m is r>r» c r~\r ¥* r'trr~*i*c »|J / I 1 \ These come In aI- r\
V WAISTS. T?J * KERSEY JACKETS y 7 J—f / / A wool Serges, colors 0
V 40C I 60C Wghtest shade of fine tan Kersey, durable // A bfaT-k. Jackets* a'ri Q
t -tv/v, UVC #^SSwA\U\\tt»^\ and elegant, large pear, buttons on box front / * ,\ all lined. Skirts are A
V SOr 7^r &^X\Wmm and sn,a ; l buttons to trim. A $12 50 / 9 (\\ wide and lined with Q
V OUt J^ C §MMm\w^^ J«cket tor .?< 50. / li 1 \\\ rustle lining. Afl i
Q l*B3WftWißß^f : '' '' ' " / I I Mfc sizes.' Regular prUe Q
T Four hot weather Im^CScSSf ' ~ *""i J 1 ij^ $1.". 00. Sale pr.ee T
9 Waists, all sizes, made \H^vSBBBk «swvt t ta-v m. .m ifir.i. nn ,i,.H — — l^* 85a ?
V or soft percales, well ' 3 VCKFTS $4 All w™, V
Q }«Tand l all^ l o 9 ,°w P / n l i fcWlffl J^K« w"lar^KrTbuuon^x front* $l% 5 ° TAIL »V^KFFK "kkSSFS 0
X o e f r th S em? * UTOU WaDt ■ WMnW, peeves This Jacket started 'the season % L Jfc^ t ne finest A.V-Woo" F.nc" S , A
V — — : - -• ■ - - ■■• ' at $10. Sale price now *4 50. Cheviots. Jackets all lined. skirts extra Q
A DERBY QAC— Regular price $150. We v — ; '. v.lde and rustle lined. A 20 ' dress for A
V WAISTS O\J have: them In choicest * -* 13 s <>- '■ V
A ' ■ ■■- styles and all sizes. VEIi VET AND (nj^.OO ' These are full __, ,_. __ vr vr . ,-_. Tinniivimf A
V b-t^t, ' ~ — SILK CAPES *tt>O dress Capes, f 1 00 vkkffp m k^k« X V
A sJ A^nn The most celebrated laundered made of velvet and silk and silk lined, jet «7TT«ios «nH JO7 1: n .i.r'», Vn« ■'■A
Q WAISTS Waist In America. Sells every- and ribbon trimmed. , Only $6. m All our $25 and *27 50 elegant Tailor- Q
T <D»1.85 ■ where for *2. Our sale price " made Reefer Dresses are price now-$lB. V
fS «Jnl 8125. All sizes and oatterna. ■ They are fashioned of the finest fancy /S
V — ■ y ' A aKS n patterns. CLOTH „oo We nave a , 0 . of fine cheviots in all shading* The Jackets are ail V
O RT*rir 1 vii 1 a M.j. „»' »>,_ ■■-«_«"..■ <"APiiS «Jp^ new All-Wool Cloth silk lined and the skirts rustle lined. Made A
T SILK WAISTS Black India silk with Capes. This tenon's styles in ail colors that up In the swellest style* O
JL . •"■»"»■ IIA1919; .HiaCK inuia MIR, 1\ US mil rocnlurv at <'< 11 anil 9tS •Wo haVB ' — X
.0 ft^— ■- All size, up to 42 busu 3 00 JACKKTS AT Made of Fine All- ground with white stripes. .All slzea.^ ,„ 9
A SEPARATE Madeof Bnefluured Mohair. *1.50. ».-.00, W2.50 Wool Cloth with kp^'iv «<f vrE' •1 "? A
V 'KIBTB cut wide, lined with rustle big sleeves, line lining and perfect in every Kiit,DJi,u!iiui!,, »i.75 {1
A . lining and finished with vel- way. They are last season's styles and sold GOLF Heavy Duck Golf Suits, in a vari- •JL
VJ Q»O-25 ' veteen binding. Sale price then at *10, $12 and $15 each. Yours now 1 UUK ety of elegant patterns. Blazer or O
JL tJpZf f 2 2b. ■ : ; '; • for $1 50, $2 and $2 50. SUITS. Reefer styles $2 25 to 84 Ml T
A | I^C^ "" :^*"^ |T^ ■•'■TT' »^^^ Gfer ' ■ I Hi I t'l*"i-ig "^ JL
$ 120 KEjft.PllTY STREET,
I The Largest Exclusive Cloak and Suit House on the Pacific Coast. 9
A ' Special attention given to Country Orders. Satisfaction guaranteed in every case. A
600000000<XHH> <KXKKK>O-<>O<><X><M>O<><><^
HORSE-SENSE IN
JUDICIAL DOUBT
How Mr. Dominick Roberts'
Steed Lost His
Mind.
FRACTURED HIS SKULL.
Collided With a Wooden Stool
on the Market-Street
Railway.
NOW A CLAIM FOR DAMAGES.
Railroad Company Sued— Experts May
Be Called on the Horse's Men
tal Condition-
Dominick Roberts had a horse, a large
horse, a good horse. One day while Rob
erts was driving along Ninth street, com
ing into Market, the horse collided with a
wooden stool. The horse did not see the
wooden stooi, but as proof that human in
telligence far surpasses brute instinct, it
may be said that the street-railroad man
stationed by the railway company for
duty at tnat point never loses sight of the
stool.
Anyhow, Roberts' horse stu m bled over
the stool, and falling hit his head hard.
Roberts, in a suit which he has brought
in the Justices' Court to recover damages
from the Market street Railway Company,
avers that the horse has lost his mindjin
consequence of the accident and is no
longer of any value or use. Therefore, he
wants the company to pay the value of the
horse — that is to say, the value when the
horse was rational and sound minaed.
This suit is one that cannot be decided
in an off-hand manner. It will be the
duty of the court, perhaps, to call for ex
pert testimony on the subject of equine
sanity. It is just possible that a horse,
like a human being, may be sane on a mul
tiplicity of topics ana hopelessly "off " on
some single subject.
At the St. Lawrence stable the horse
people aamit that the trial must present
some new and profoundly interesting ques
tions on "equine jurisprudence,' ' or at
least when that language was used to the
boss stableman he did not dissent.
Another horseman present said he knew
that horses went crazy from eating rattie
weed, and that durine one year live horses
killed themselves by jumping over a preci
pice near Livermore. it was supposed by
the men at the St. Lawrence that both
sides would call veterinary surgeons on
the questions of the horse's mental condi
tion before and after the fall.
Barry Coleman of the United Carriage
Company was of the opinion that, if the
expert testimony should prove that the
horse was crazy, then it would be proved
that the horse had a mind, and having a
mind it would follow in the natural order
ot existence that the horse had a soul.
Dr. Chismure was sure that a horse had
a mind, something superior to instinct,
and cited as proof the intelligence of
trained horses. Instinct was not devel
oped by training, but mental powers were.
Mr. Coleman cited many instances of
horses getting 'Tattled" lioni eating rat
tleweed, and remarked that he never
heard of that weed in Kentucky and Mis
souri. He thought it possible that a
horse's brain could be injured so that the
animal would be worthless for general
work. One of the carriage company's
horses broke away once and ran his head
against a spike in a telegraph pole. The
horse lived a year, but Mr. Coleman did
not sue the Western Union Telegraph
Company for damages.
The case will surely call many expert
horsemen to the court, for it is admitted
by all of them that the question presented
is new.
Patty JCarceny Thief.
William Kidney, a peripatetic upholsterer,
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
BLACK NOVELTY
jRESS GOODS !
EXTBAORDIHARY REDIJCTiOHSIN PRICES
Our patrons are informed that we have
made EXTRAORDINARY REDUCTIONS IN
PRICES throughout our FRENCH AND
ENGLISH BLACK GOODS DEPARTMENTS
and we invite special attention to the fol-
lowing items:
15 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
DRESS PATTERNS $10.50 each
Reduced from $17. 50.
12 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS
$ 14.00 each
Reduced from $22. 50.
9 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS....
$17-50 eacb
Reduced from $27. 50.
14 BLACK NOVELTY FRENCH CREPON
and ETAMINE DRESS PATTERNS
$21.00 each
Reduced from $32. 50.
250 BLACK NOVELTY ENGLISH BRO-
CADED DRESS PATTERNS. . . .$7.00 each
(18 Different Designs), Regular price $10.50.
36 pieces BLACK ENGLISH STORM
SERGE, full 45 inches wide (warranted
fast black) 50c per yard
Worth 75~
SEE OUR SHOW WINDOWS.
ill, 113, 115. 117, 119. 121 POST STREET.
was booked at the City Prison last night by De- |
tectives Dillon and Crockett o'i the charge of
petty larceny. About three weeks ago he stole I
a pair of scales from a grocery on Sixth and
Jessie streets, which he sold. The scales were 1
recovered and Kidney was identified as the i
man who fold them. He has been convicted
for the same offense before.
Jabbed With a Penknife.
George Wilson, a laborer in the employment
of T. G. Ryan, contractor at Sixteenth and Fol
aom streets, had a row with Ryan last night
about money matters, and Wilson claims that
Ryan jabbed him in the chest with a pen
knife. Wilson was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital and Ryan was locked up in the City
Prison on a charge of assault with a deadly
weapon.
The Sultan of Turkey is the most extrav
aeant housekeeper in the vrorld.
;lpHiiiDEy?ei«i COL
; \ I STAMPED ON A SHOE
[ MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
BLOCKADE SALE
BARGAINS
FOR
EVERYBODY.
I Did you ever trade with us? Well, if you did
! you know we never deceived you. We have estab-
, lished our trade ■by dealing honestly with the
public, and we tell yon now that we are selling
1 the biggest bargains ever offered In this city.
1 THAT FENCK stands on the corner a menace to
I our trade, and we are compelled to sell cheap If we
> wish to do business. During the past week our
I store was crowded with customers taking ad-
' vantage of our low prices, and for the coming
! week we will offer shoes at such a figure that you
; will buy them even if you have to lay them away
i for future use. We have an assorted line of
Misses' Patent Leather Button, Dongola Kid But-
I ton, with either Cloth or Kid Tops, latent Leather
': Tips and Spring Heels, which we will offer at $1
j per pair. The regular price it $2 50. The lizes
run from 11 to 2, and every pair is guaranteed for
wear.
it 3l vtl d*i nn
CSBkJf ipliUUi
! W e have a mixed line of Ladles' <Busaet Oxford*
: i and Southern Ties that we" are selling below cost.
I Jus: think of han<t-turned Russet Oxfords and
i Southern Ties, Brown Cloth or Kid Tops, low heels
1 or French heels, pointed or square toes, whioh we
ar • selling for #1. The regular prices of these low
: s .os are $V!. $2 50, S3 and $.-1 50, and the sizes on
i and are 2, 2y , 8, 3V2. 6, 6V2 »nd 7,' an widths
; A, 15, C, D, >•:. iiitnv-mtxT, these slses embrace all
; t.ie lines, and if you cannot get fitted In one Una
you can In another.
■■A
en.
tr>" 1 "■ 111" Infants' Pat«nt-
I --2&f •'■» _ R II _ leather Button and
IKM U idP U I Infants' French Kid
k»**ls\ Button, with hand-
f"^»l*»Ok. turned Poles and
|*w«««iDv Kid or Cloth Top*
FJK£&**isgShsK. > *■■', ■ and latent-leather
[/^^■■■•K^ ' Tips. 1 {-tees Ito 8
J.JA** ll j(j.-» ~^JZ3!3> .Heducedfrom?iaa-
IJ^w 75c,
! Misses' and Children's Bnsset Kid Button, .or
Black Kid , Button sold at a sacrifice; Solid
Wearers. Spring Heels, Patent-leather or Russet
Kid Tips- - .--■*
Child's sizes, 8 to 10V4-- • ...75a
Misses' sizes, 11 to 2. 85c
Country customers should not feel slighted If we
cannoi always fill their orders during special
sales. We are selling the different styles cheap,
and the city buyers are taking advantage of our
low prices. We will always do the best we can,
and the money will be lefunded if the goods are
not satisfactory. ■■ " ■ ; ;-_
MST Country orders solicited. ■
jSCw" Send for New Illustrated Catalonia,
Address • .
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street, San Francisco.
ALL LATHEWORJO^^^^FDR TWO YEARS.
. A.L.BANCROFT & CO. 324 POST ST.S£The initial appearance of the Youthful
Prodigy on a public platform made an im
portant event with patronizing society
folk and people who worship at the shrine
of art. The occasion was a notable one,
partaking in a measure of the nature of a
social function. The affair, being invita
tional, waß rather select. We may as well
follow the rule and remark that the audi
ence was "large, intelligent and apprecia
tive." The band played, the curtain rose,
and the manager indulged in a few pre
liminary remarks.
"My cultured friends," said he in his
blandest way, "it affords me unqualified
pleasure to welcome you here this evening.
The Golden West has given many a genius
to the country — in painting, sculpture,
music, literature and the dramatic art —
but never before has it been our privilege
to witness the appearance on a public
stage of a child so precocious, so brilliant,
so old tor his years, with a memory so
perfect and retentive of details, and
a faculty of illustration so highly
developed as the Youthful Prodigy
whom I now take sincere de
light in presenting to you. I have
journeyed with him from one end of the
country to the other, and he has met
thousands of people more or less dis
tinguished, yet if you will but mention
the name of one of the parties we chanced
to become acquainted with this child will
immediately recall some of that person's
characteristics, and will without any delay
sketch the features of that party in profile
with a fidelity to the original that will fill
you with wonder and admiration.
"The Youthful Prodigy will illustrate in
public to-night a number of people with
whose faces the majority of you are famil
iar. To increase your interest and aug
ment your enjoyment the various profile
sketches to be made here to-night will be
exhibited for what they are worth, artist
ically considered, and the intellectual
audience, it is supposed, will silently sup
ply the name as the features on each can
vass are recognized. The Prodigy will
I mention no names; but he will, neverthe
less, refer to the different likenesses in a
way that will convey to you an idea of his
remarkable scope of observation."
The Prodigy bowed ; polite applause
followed, and the youngster, seemingly
about 10 years of age. turned on his hpel
and quickly proceeded to the tall canvas
on an easel in the rear center of the stage.
Selecting a black crayon, he outlined a
head in amazingly short time, and then,
dipping a brush in an ebony fluid, painted
j the space bounded by the outlines, and
j with beaming countenance bore to the
front of the platform the canvas marked —
No. 1. Enthusiastic cheers gave ample
evidence of the fact that the assemblage
knew full well those classic features, and
was as eager to testify its devotion to ihe
I ideal hero represented there as to the mar
i velous skill of the Youthful Prodigy.
I Wiien quiet reigned once more the artist
in knickerbockers spoke: "Ladies and
gentlemen," he began, "our first profile
sketch, I am happy to say, has not been
made in vain. It is a far higher encomium
for whatever skill I may possess that your
cheers were not for me, but for the cham
pion of a cause that lies nearest your pa
triotic hearts, and I am proud to be able
to so faithfully picture his features to your
eye that your mind is instantaneously
dwelling on the virtues of his character
and the grandeur of his principles. Per
haps it would be appropriate to label this
canvas 'Protection.' But let us continue."
No. 2 was completed in a few minutes and
held up to the general gaze. A few shouts
were drowned in a chorus of groans. "As
much as to say," the Prodigy exclaimed,
"that four years of financial wreck and
ruin, low wages and free-trade competi
tion, industrial depression and costly gov
ernmental blundering have left their im
press so deep on tne popular mind that
the figurehead of the whole bad business
can hardly be forgiven."
No. 3 received quite an ovation, and the
child-artist said: "The Northwest loves
this man, and the Nation in whose halls
he has so long been fighting the good fight
of the common people may some day re
ward his splendid services, as it is about to
do in the case of the Napoleonic statesman
from Ohio."
No. 4 — Everybody Knew this face and a
smile overspread the face of the audien<e
as the Prodigy said: "This curly head
belongs to one whose fame-birth dates back
to a. minstrel show in what is to-day the
railway center of the San Joaquin. It be
longs to a fireman hrave and bold and
without a peer, and not afraid to say so.
We must, however, do unto him as he has
done by so many of the old-liners of the
Andrew Jackson camp — pass him by."
No. s— "Ha! The audiencp cannot mis
take th«se erratic features. Who, in faith,
can boast of such mustachios or of such a
goatee? They belong to an apostle of an
elder school of Pacific Coast journalism; to
a free lance of newspaper chivalry; to a
character so purely literary that commer
cial instincts have been crowded out of it.
Of course you know him— every body knows
him. There is only one of his kind."
No. &— "The fair sex has Jong shown
something akin to partiality for the sil
very-haired and Bide* whiskered No. 6. As
hard as he battles against his uncompro
mising foe, ti.e Octopus, he still has a soft
side to his nature, and is, by common re
port, decidedly averse to the idea of 'un
kissed kisses and songs never sung.' "
N©. 7— The Prodigy rushed out another
silhouette. "Here is a man who was born
with a gold spoon in his mouth. A jolly
good fellow he is, and who will blame him
for taking a jolly good time? He has a
number of little worries, though, in the
matter of strange wills and stranger deeds
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
WHO ARE THEY?
of transfer; but then, nobody has a per
petual picnic. Many a man would laugh
all petty trials to scorn if he could, like
this one, be assured of at least a bottle and
a bird every day."
No. B—"The8 — "The railroad corporations know
this man well." said the child-wonder.
"They know from sad experience, for he
has fought them in an hundred courts of
law. His oratory has thrilled peopie in
every part of the State, and he has won
his way to the top of his profession. His
Napoleon curl cannot be distinguished in
this inky sketch, but you can imagine it
is here.
"No. 9 recalls some of the heaviest con
flicts in the history of the Ban Francisco
bar. The frosc of age is on his brow, but
be is still in harness. The old pioneers
swear by him." The Youthful Prodigy
now placed three sheets of canvas on
easels side by si'le and earned applause by
a surprising variation in his method of
work. First he penciled a nose on each
sheet, then 'brows above them respectively
and lips below, and when he had the trio
of profiles finished the assemblage was
loud in its praise.
"Xo. 10," said the prodigy, "is the ack
nowledged leader of his party in the
Golden State; chosen as such because his
object is the general welfare rather than
! personal aggrandizement and public com
mendation rather than private gain.
"No. 11 is an orator who, on great occa
sions, never fails to rise equal to the re
quirements; an ex-militiaman whom a
courtier of a Scandinavian king once de
clared quite equal as a commander to the
immortal Grant; a rival in eloquence to
the prince of after-dinner speakers.
"No. 12 —Nobody who has sipped pleasure
at the feast of flowers in perfume-breath
ing Santa Barbara can have forgotten him.
He is not only a society leader there,
but a leader among citizens, and he keeps
in his pocket the keys that opened the
way to the freedom of the lovely old
town." Three more profiles were dashed I
off.
"No. 13— The features are known to you
all," went on the Prodigy. "His learned
brow is always visible in the strong court
| scenes of a ca.se of too many wills and too
i much handwriting.
"No. 14 belongK to the land of orange
J blossoms. It would bo almost incredible
for a denizen of Los Angeles to confess his
unacquaintance with the capitalistic
editor and proprietor of that lordly mus
tache.
"No. 15 — The San Joaquin County news
paper space-fillers ba\e a regard for the
owner of these features almost cornpara
• ble to the devotion of the Lamas of
Thibet for the Dalai. No. 15 has been a
representative in the capital at Washing
ton, and his friends hold it to his credit
. that he didn't loot it." The next three
■ were hurried through with. "There!"
i ejaculated the Prodigy.
i "No. 16 — The clubmen and lovers of
genuine and gentlemanly sport admire
i this man in the silk hat. He is one of
those who understand how to enjoy large
wealth.
"No. 17 is the profile of a scholar— a
scientist who carries more geological
i Knowledge of the Pacific Slope under his
hat than anybody else — a man of brilliant
parts, courted in circles where intellect is
king.
"No. 18— Here we have an impression
of an impressionist. That magnificent
head of hair tells the story of a
poetic soul. Over to the east of us a
range of mountains bears the name of the
owner of this head. He has painted those
mountains so well that tourists now visit
his studio, drink in the scenery with their
delighted eyes, and feol refreshed with an
imaginary breath of mountain air." At
tbispoint the youthful Prodigy announced
that the entertainment would be divided
into two parts and that the orchestra would
discourse a few operatic airs while the
canvases were turned and the stage placed I
in readiness for the other half of the pro- I
gramme. Applause followed the child j
as be retreated behind the scenes. The
music yielded pleasure and then the lec
ture was resumed. Three fresh profiles
wf re soon being discussed.
"No. 19— Humboldt County istheatrong
hold of the original of these features," I
said the Prodigy. "All along the Klarnath,
too, he is known as a terror to evil-doers,
and it is related that every brainy rogue
who flees northward gets a description of
him in order to risk no chances when a
man with this stout profile calls 'Halt!'
"No. 20— This judicial head you can no
more forget than you can forget the cele
brated criminal cases in which his.strong
I intellect has figured.
"No. 21 — The processes of the court of
No. 20 have been aided materially by the
individual whose facial shadow you see
bere. You may not be able to detect any
of his analytical shrewdness in the shadow,
but he lias more than a little of it, and his
hair has grown hoary in many decades of
service." Regarding the next three the
Prodigy said:
"No. 22 is the man who recently opined
that 'the Athens of the Pacific seemed
tired of the administration of an honest
Mayor' — you have a glimpse of him here.
When he was an everyday citizen, strug
gling for a slice of the bay shore, people
flocked to his standard; but his elevation
put an end to these relations.
"No. 23 is a placid countenance that
graces the United States District Court
and has been seen in the halls of Con
gress. The smile of No. 23 is charming.
The smile is there when the decision
means fortune for you. It is there when
you are undone by the decree.
"No. 23 can't help it. He was made
that way.
"No. 24— Who doesn't know him? His
virile eloquence, his legal fighting quali
ties, his purse that cheerfully yields to
courts the tax of ungovernable impetu
osity, his pungent wit at the festive board, I
his potent voice in a political cause that
he vainly strives to bolster, his fearless- ;
ness everywhere — what you haven't heard
of these things you have probably read
about, and yet he has a brother who is
just as serene as a summer day, who
speaks in beautiful metaphors and who
writes poetry while you wait.
"No. 25" — The Prodigy chuckled as he
daubed the black mixture. "The breezes
of the bay," said he, "love no better frolic
than to play among the wealth of tangled,
grizzly strings that depend from the chin
appertaining to the face in front of which
the unfortunate victims of overindulgence
in one of the unnecessaries of life daily
shiver and shake. But those whiskers are
not registered in Berkeley." The trio
plan was taken up again.
"No. 26 — This legal cut puts you in
mind of the legal adviser of our common
wealth.
"No. 27 — Down in Los Angeles every
body knows the Solon of the police courts
whose profile is seen here.
"No. 28 — Here you must certainly find a
resemblance to the man who built himself
a name by his brilliant and successful con
tention for justice in the case of 'The
Crime of a Century.'
"No. 29 can mean none other than a
San Francisco dreamer who finds beautiful
images imprisoned in clay.
"No. 30 wears the highest honors in the
gift of his State, and al: hough he started
in active life as a sailor lad and has always
been interested in ships and shipping, he
boasts that even in his retirement from
seafaring be has never been called captain.
But his name will forever be associated
with the naval station that will be planted
on Goat Island.
"No. 31 own? a military title ttat puts
him up in the front rank, and, further
more, he owns a name and personality
popular and influential in the U L
C , and in the politics of California.
Now for the last trio:
"No. 32 has only recently bean wedded
to fame. I may as well add that he is the
discoverer of the physical basis of life.
"No. 33 represents a favored appointee
of the Stocktonian chief executive. He is
one of thP few men in public life who
doesn't have to remove his hat to get a
hair-cut. The bristles on the top there are
not the sproutings of a new crop; they are
merely the dry remains of old stubble.
"No. 34 is a financier who dwells in
M-rc-d and who had the nerve to say
that Californians are an expensive people
and waste too much money on their liv
ing. Well, our way of living suits us and
what's the odds?" The hour was late and
the audience was assured that only one
more canvas remained. The profile was
soon painted and no sooner was it done
than a hearty-voiced man near the door
burst into a healthy laugh and cried, "Gol
darned, if there ain't Ole Bill!" And so
it was.
"No. 35," concluded the Prodigy, "is one
of the old war-horses. He has carried the
Jacksonian banner through thick and thin
and no office «a< ever too high or too fat
salaried to dumfound him in the hour
when proffer waited on acceptance. What
would the cohorts of Democracy in the I
West be without Ole Bill? It is quite j
fitting that we should close with Ole Bill.
The curtain will soon ring down on Oie
Bill's party and then O!e Bill will be a j
has-been — just like our show, which, I }
trust, you have all enjoyed."
The manager advanced to the footlights
ana gracefully thanked the audience, ac
cording to the time-honored system, .for
"its kind attention and worthy interest"
during the evening; for its "generous ap
probation" and for its "strong encourage
ment of budding genius."
1718
An Exciting
Experience With a Jewfish at
Catalina Island.
Told by Hiss H. B. Freeman.
Not a sportsman in all Los Angeles County
has won larger success or displayed more
enthusiasm in jewfishing than Professor
Charles Frederick Holder of Pasadena, To
hear him tell how he hauled in a jewfish sets
one's blood a-tingling.
"Mexican Joe," he says, "one of the oldest
fishermen ot Santa Catalina, was my oarsman.
We tossed the anchor over, the rope ran mer
rily out, and the hook, baited with a^ix-pound
white fish, went hissing down. I sat silent for
half an hour, holding the throbbing line, when
suddenly I became aware that Its tension had
increased to a steady pull; then came a jerk
that carried my hand in the water. 'Jewfish,
sure,' whispered Joe. I paid out the line while
he seized the anchor-line ready to haul up.
When about six feet had gone over the gun
wale I stopped, and when the hne came taut
jerked the hook into the fish.
"For a single second there was no response;
then came a Jerk that almost lifted me from
the boat, and the line went hissing over the
rail like a living thins:. Nothing could stop
such a rush and I simply waited while Joe
pulled up the anchor, when I grasped the line
and braced back for the fight. The light boat
whirle"d around like a top and away we went,
an ominous wave of foam rising high around
the bow.
"A ten-foot shark never pulled harder than
this gamy flsh, and for five minutes it was a
question who was master. I took it in with
the greatest difficulty, gaining ten feet, only
to have the flsh rush toward me and then dash
away with an impetus that was more than
irresistible. Occasionaly it would turn and
dash to the bottom, making everything hum
and sing. After giving and taking and haul
ing and easing off for twenty minutes, sud
denly the flsh rushed up, and with a final
effort I brought the black giant to the surface.
For a moment I saw a pair of eyes as large as
those of an ox, a rich chestnut back, and
then, with a tremendous heave, the fish threw
itself over, deluging me with water and half
capsizing the boat. It was the last struggle
and with another haul I had the king of the
Pacific Coast fishes at hands' length, where it
rolled and tossed, its huge tail bathing us with
spray, protesting against its capture."
The flerced
Salmon Trout That Was Gamy
to the Last Degree.
The Experience of Matthew Hamilton.
A novel aud exciting experience befell me
during my last vacation, down on the Mereed
River. For some time we were camped in the
immediate vicinity of the falls, and fish of all
kinds, seemingly, from homely cats to the
dainty trout, had been biting in a manner
dear to the heart of the most exacting. We
lived in an atmosphere of fishy odors and
glistening scales.
One warm morning, long before sunrise, I
was off to an untried pool which had previ
ously attracted my attention, with a can full
of big grasshoppers for bait.which I had easily
stripped in their stupefied state at that early
hour from the branches of the young willows,
where they clustered at night.
For once the finny tribe refused to bite, and
I began to think of removing. But seating
myself upon the spreading roots of a great oak
over the water, I was nearly asleep when with
out a second's warning the pole shot from my
drowsy gr\p and started down the river at a
lively gait\while I lost my balance and
tumbled into \- deep hole. That thoroughly
awakened me,\id scrambling ashore I re
moved with desperSsjhaste the few articles of
clothing which clungSv^lassic folds of drip
ping wetness to my anator^^ndwas quicki*.
doing a lively overhand in pursuit . ' "" "ifee
ing pole and whatever might, be the cause of
its departure.
Finally it ceased in its race, and I thought
the fish had escaped, but grasping the pole a
strong jerk at the end of the line convinced
me otherwise, and from the manner in which
his fishship yanked and sawed, first this way,
then in another, now behind me, now in front,
and again straight downward, I had an oppor
tunity of estimating his size, which I thought
must be in the neighborhood of a good-sized
whale. How he did tug and pull!
I mentally blessed the happy thought which
induced me to bring the big line that morn
ing, but here was a pretty quandary. Here
was tne big fellow nearly twenty feet below
the surface firmly tangled among the snags
and I rapidly tiring. An idea. Reaching shore
I took a brief breathing spell and grasping an
open knife in one hand soon reached the an
chorage. Looking down through the clear,
still water I caught a glimpse of my prey and
the sight made me all the more eager to have
him. Down I went, down, down, until the
surface looked dark and green. The big beauty
saw me and he darted so frantically that I ex
pected to see the line snap, but luck favored
me. Reaching the snags I wound the line
about my left hand several times, then cut the
cord above and made for the surface fairly
breathless, the big fish in tow.
He was still game, but I drew him up and
jabbed him with the knife, which speedily
took all the fight and dash out of him. Reach
ine shore I had an opportunity to look him
over and found him to be a fine salmon. The
scales told the weight to be 11 pounds.
A String of
Trout That Got Mixed With
a String of Catfish.
Told by Jack Sims.
Jack Sims of Chico tells a fish story on W. H.
Peacock, his fellow-citizen, that will bear re
peating. Mr. Peacock has the reputation of
being one of the luckiest and most skillful dis
ciples of Walton in Butte County, but this
story would seem to show the evil side of a
good reputation, the dangers that beset one in
an honest effort to live up to his reputation.
Recently Peacock. Sims and Colonel Mcln
tosh went to Mud Creek on a fair Sunday with
rod and reel in hand. It was their avowed
purpose to catch fish, ana Peacock— with gen
erous anticipation— promised all his friends in
Chico that he would bring them back one or
more fine mountain trout apiece. When they
reached the canyon the trio separated. Sims
and the colonel went one way and Peacock
sought out his own favorite nooks.
Evidently the gods of the waters had not
been properly propitiated. The trout did not
bite — or if they bit at all took tiny nibbles and
declined to swallow the hooks of any of the
three. Sims and the colonel turned their at
tention then to catfish — after exchanging
winks and nods— which, of course, bit freely
enough, and they soon had a big mess of these
worthless fish.
But Peacock was not easily discouraged.
He went on up the stream and tried and tried,
but in vain. As he was coming back to the
rendezvous very much digusted he met an
Indian boy who sold him a beautiful string of
trout for $4— a mighty big price for even so
great a reputation as Mr. Peacock's. But the
boy saw his chance and Peacock paid the
cash. Sims and the colonel had an idea where
the fine string of tront came from, but they
said nothing — only when Peacock's back was
turned the catfish chanced places in Peacock's
basket with the trout
Mr. Peacock talked wisely and gave his two
friends much sage advice about how to catch
trout as the three wended homeward. Of
course, when Peacock bade his friends adieu
and strode proudly up Main street, everybody
asked, "Well, what luck?" Peacock answered
with becoming modesty, albeit not underesti
mating the size and number of the string he
thought was in hi 3 basket. At last he met
Colonel Park Henshaw, Major Nichols and
General J. W. B. Montgomery, who insisted
upon inspecting the fine catch. Mr. Peacock
stopped, opened his basket and drew forth !
Can you not imagine the rest of it better than
I could tell it? He drew forth that string of
catfish.
Had to Haul
Away the Catch in Drays
and Express Wagons.
Told by L. A. l.ivernash.
"There are fish stories and fish stories," ob
served Editor J. J. Livernash of the Healds
burg Enterprise the other day, as he squared
himself on top of a cracker-box in a local gro
cery store and bit off the end of a fresh cigar.
"I claim to be something of a fisherman my
self," continued he, "and have landed more
than one trout so large that I had to break its
back ana fold it up to get it into my basket.
"But I'm not going to dilate on rry own fish
ing. I want to tell you a story I overheard in
a Los Angeles restaurant not long since. Two
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
strangers sat opposite me at the table, and they
were talking of the subject so dear to the heart
of Ike Wslton. ■ The younger man was either a
wonderful fisher or an unmitigated liar. Bis
story run in this fashion:
- " 'Last summer 1 was up in Lake County for
an outing. I had taken with me a common
three-pronged gig, although why I took it I
am at a loss to tell, as I never threw a gig in
my life before. One morning, gig in hand, I
went down to the lake, and to ascertain the
depth of the water I ran my gig down. It had
hardly reached the bottom until I felt a ter
rific tugging, and I immediately drew it out to
find that I had an Immense carp on each
prong.
" 'I kept this lick up for two hours and a
! half, as* fast us I could put the gig in the
I water and pull it up. I had three^/ ——v
j time. I had to inoveMJ^*^— - — so i
! could scatter \M^^rT^nT^\^ only quit when
L>*"". _■ "Tctely exhausted. In those two
''and a half hours i had lifted four tons of carp
! out of the lake.'
"About ■ this time I naturally asked the
speaker what he did .with the fish., j
•' 'Do with them? I couldn't do anything
with them. 1 came back.to camp and reported
my catch. The next morals*, realizing the
necessity for immediate action, the Sheriff of
Lake County sent two drays and an express
wagon to gather up the dead fish and haul
them off to a hog ranch.'"
The Marine
Monster That Frightens the
Italian Fishermen.
The Experience of Frank Galucclii.
Frank Galucchi, a native of sunny Italy, who >
follows his vocation as a fisherman on tho j
waters of the bay and outside ->vhpn the |
weather permits, had an experience Monday !
that will last in his memory as long as ne
I lives. He declares that he hooked some great |
monster of the deep that is unknown to men, |
and his fellow-fishermen about Fisherman's •
' wharf believe him, some of them telling of j
similar experiences in days gone by. They j
\ assert that a marine giant inhabits the waters
ofl this coast, and that it hns never been
! brought to the surface.
(.alucchi had put over his codlines well out
side, near the Marin County shore, and made
all fast about his little boat. The heat, of the
sun, or perhaps lack of rest the night previous,
had made him a little sleepy, and while wait
ing for his quarry to fasten to the hooks he
stretched himself out on the thwarts and dozed
into dreamland.
fishermen, like sailors, sleep with one cense
on the alert, and ere long Galucchi noticed |
that the gentle rolling of his boat in the swell I
had changed somewhat, and that she seemed j
to be moving. He was on his feet In au instant, j
' and saw thut h number of his lines were taut, j
I and that the boat was being dragged seaward, I
I anchor and all. The movement was slow and i
SOME SAMPLE FISH YARNS
THAT SHOW WHAT CALIFOR
NIANS CAN DO IN THAT LINE
apparently irresistible, and totaUy unlike that
caused by the frantic dragging of a hooked
fish. Pull as he might on the combined lines
the fisherman could not turn the unknown
thing from its course, and in fear he finally
broke them loose singly and made for home
with all speed. He declares that the tugging
was not that of a fish, but more like that of a
great turtle walking alone the bottom. He
thinks it must have wandered about among
his lines and taken the bait on several before
turning seaward^
Trout That Were
So Hungry They Snapped at
the Bare Hooks.
lold by Ueor<re Van Gorden
George Van Gorden, the well-known horse
man of San Luis Obispo County, tells a re
markable story of a fishing experience on San
Simeon Creek near his ranch, which is v few
miles from the town of Cumbria. This creek,
like many others on the Pacific Coast, is a
raging torrent in the rainy season, and in the
dry season it is as dry as a country Judge. It
rises in the Santa Lucia Mountains, about
fifteen miles from the ocean, pursues a wind
ing course down the San Simeon Valley and
I empties into a big, deep lagoon, which is di
i vldad from the ocean by a sandbar, which
I breaks open every Winter.
This break in the bar affords hundreds of
I salmon an opportunity to enter the stream
during the spawning season, and every year
the lagoon is filled with salmon-trout which
run upstream almost to the mountain tops
when the water in the creek is high.
"A few years ago," said Van Gorlen, "there
had been a wet spell followed by a long period
in which no rain fell at all. The creek was at
first bank full, but after a few weeks of pleas
i ant weather it subsided until only deep pools
J remained hero and there where the current
had struck the toot of the hills. There was
plenty of water running under the coarse
gravel-bed, but fish can't swim through gravel,
or at least no fish that I have ever seen. One
day when my younger brother, Gilbert, was
hunting cattle he ran across one of these pools
well up the creek, and it did not take him long
to discover that it was literally swarming with
fine salmon-trout that were likely to starve to
death, as they could not get down to the la
' goon, and they had devoured everything in
the pool that fish could eat.
'•The next day we started out for that pool
well provided with bait. We used common
angle worms, ordinary lines and hooks and
willow poles. None of your fancy fly-casting
rigs. The first worm had hardly got wet be
fore it was down a big trout's throat, nook and
all. The next fared the same, and the splash
ing of the hooked iish did not scare the others
a little bit. Gil and I varied the monotony of
pulling fish out of the water by holding the
impaled worms a little above the water and
seeing the fish jump for the bait.
"Well, it was great sport. Sometimes half a
dozen big fellows would leap dear out of the
water for the worms, and not a few were
actually caught on the fly. Hooking fish in
the air is amusement that sportsmen don't
have every day, but we got lots of them that
way. We stayed by that pool until we got all
we could carry and our bait gave out. Then,
just for fun, we fished with bare hooks, and da
you believe it the hungry beggars actually
would get caught on the naked hooks. It was
most too good a snap to give to the neighbors,
so Gil stocked the pool with a few chuuks of
stale meat and we kept the remainder from
starving until we cleaned out the hole, which
we did about the time it dried up. How many
fish did we take out of that pool ? I'll never
tell you. You would put me down for a man
who has no regard for his word, and that
might interfere with me selling you a horse
some day."
A Cutthroat
Trout That Swallowed a
Flask of Whisky.
As William RttwlUon Tells It.
"Talking about fish," said Billy Rawlison,
the well-known expert fisherman of Truck e'e,'
"I guess the cutthroat trout has the most un
! common appetite of any member of that fam
ily. You take a three or four pounder, and he
can give an ostrich or billy-goat cards and
spades and then swallow the whole jack-pot.
•'I have seen them with woodrats, water
snakes, cigar stumps and buckskin crackers
from whips stored away in their insides. • But
what particularly brings this subject to mind
is a thing that happened on Dormer Lake re
j cently.
"We had made a rather poor catch in the
"~Tu>cinK and were just setting out again, after
i having"~>^2jlinner at the head of the lake,
I when old AlKv^Rnve us a nice flask to bring
j luck. We troneO^x^n to about Darronville's
j place and caught se>S^«il line fish. Then,
upon celebrating, we fou><l the contents of
Albert's flask rather warm, i>\ft stout line was
I tied to its neck and the bott\thrown over
! board to cool off. \^
"We then headed over toward \* ho rock,
j and had not been there more thau\half an
I hour when* we saw a whopping big tnVt just
j a-playing horse on top of the water. HeVould
! jump into the air and shake himself, rollWer
! and over and then shoot about like ft strea\ of
i lightning. We could not guess the caustVf
| his hilarity until one of the crowd went iV
j pull up the 'bottle and found only its neck]>
We then concluded that Mr. Trout had nailed
the bottle and got clean drunk on its contents.
j "Alter trying unsuccessfully all the ways we
j knew of to catch that fish, we had an inspira-
t ion. We steamed back to Albert's, got an
i other flask and tied a heavy line with three
| treble hooks on to it. When we got back our
I gnnie whs still having his fun. Wo took a
i circle arcund him and then dragged the bottle
; close up. He saw it «nd made for it, but
missed it three times before we got him. He
! weighed fourteen pounds, and in his stomach
I wo lound not only the remains of our first
! flask, but the second one and a corkscrew,
j with which we opened the bottle and drank
I to our success from its undamaged contents.
"The bottle and corkscrew ate now on exhi
bition in Truckee."
The Perils of
Jewfishing at Catalina and
A Lucky Accident.
Told by W. R. AJ.clntosh.
Taking jewfish at Santa Catalina Island has
always been attended with more or less risk to
fishermen. These fish are ready takers of
hooks properly baited, and are "gamy" to
the last degree. A jewfish to attract any at
tention at Catalina now must weigh at least
100 pounds, and there have been plenty of
I them landed which nave weighed 200 pounas.
One of the most thrilling adventures ever ex
perienced in this exciting sport happened to
B. Macready of the Los Angeles Journal and F.
V. Pendeerton, a retired capitalist of this City.
| These gentlemen in a rowboat one afternoon
I hooked an enormous jewfish, which towed
them about three miles out to sea and around
to the lower point oi the island, which is bare
and rocky. While near the shore the great fish
! was brought to the surface la what was sup
| posed to be an exhausted condition. Just as
j they were about to lift the monster into the
rather frail craft the fish gave a tremendous
jump and overturned the boat. The men had
fastened the line to the craft so that, notwith
standing their inability to pay any further at
tention to Mr. Fish, he was still held by the
line.
But now they became seriously alarmed as
to their own fate. Their best efforts were em
ployed to regain a handhold on the boat, then
too far from shore for the best swimmer to
consider himself safe. And to add to their
consternation, they soon discovered that their
"catch" was towing the overturned boa£>
farther out to sea, where the breakers wer^TtC
eorui':g very troublesome. Every ef/rt to
! stop the onward pulling of the fish pi/ved un
j availing. In this dilemma thoiVnts of a
watery grave began flitting throng their dis
tressed minds. They were perclyM upon ihe
bottom of the upturned boat, -and were in
trepidation lest by a sudden ynrik they should
lose their balance and fall into t c sea.
They were almost in the agi ny of despair
when with joy inexpressible they observed
that the sea monster had turned toward the
shore. This course was pursued until shallow
water wns reached when anot' er turn was
made in the direction of deep waVer. In a mo
ment the fishermen agreed to \bandon the
helpless craft and swim for theirVives, leav
ing fish and boat behind. >^
With nerve and fortitude they botliNached
the rocky point, greatly exhausted, but iS^Qh
gratified that they were alive. After a lout>
tramp they reached Avalon Bay and recounted
their adventure to a few intimate friends, who
on the following day took a sailboat ana went
in searcti of the overturned skirl', but so far as
known it was never recovered. An incident of
the trip across the islanu on the return is that
these gentlemen found the cropping of a lead
mine, which, being reported to ona Benson,
mrs afterward located and worked with great
success.
Remarkable
Fish That Are Found in the
Stockton Baths.
Told by John Craig.
There are some queer fish in Jackson's
baths, just south of Stockton. No one, not
even the most expert of those who handle the
rod, seems to be able to tell just what the fish
are. They look something like a pike, and
some of the knowing ones say they resemble a
"split-tail." The queer part of the whole
thing is how the fish ever got into the big
swimming-tank. Several years ago some cat
fish were placed ia the tank, but they died off
as fast as they were placed in the water. Some
carp were tried and they fared a little better,
but did not seem to thrive as they do else
where. The water is full of minerals and is of
a peculiar greenish color.
It was finally decided to keep ail fish out of
the big ;auk, and wire netting with fine mesh
ings was placed over the outlet of the tank
where the water runs off and into the adjacent
sloughs, and thence on into the Sau Joaquin
River. The stream outside is always filled
with minnows and small fish, but they never
get through the fine wire netting. Several
months ago, however, some small fish began
to make their appearance in the tank. They
were a trifle larger than the ordinary minnow,
and when they first made their appearance
they acted so strangely that Tom Towle, the
custodian of the batning suits, called the at
tention of Frank Hopkins, who was then man
aging the place for Mr. Pearson, to the strange
antics of the fish. Their eyeballs protruded,
and they swam about as though blinded and
dazed. In a few days they seemed more at
home in the water, and their eyeballs receded
until the heuda of the little fellows looked like
those of other fish.
They grew rapidly and now many are as
much as a foot long, and there are hundreds
of them in the large tank, though none appear
in tne smaller covered tanks. The attaches of
tho place cannot account fur the presence of
the fish, except that they came from some
subterranean passage with the water that is
constantly flowing from the gas wells. The
water at the batns conies from three large gas
wells that are bored to a great depth and
bring up an immense volume of water all the
time. The men at the baths are firm in their
belief that they come up from the wells, as
they say there ia absolutely no other way for
them to get into the tank. The fine netting is
so arranged that no fish can get into the baths
from outside streams to deposit tneir spnwn.
The other night Donald Meßae of The Call
business office, while swimming in the tank,
caught one of the larger fish and threw it up
on the bridge that crosses the tank. He was
vory anxious to see what sort of fish it was,
but before he could clamber out it had flopped
back into the water.
A Fish That
Grew in a Human Skull and
Became Circular.
Told by ilary W. Edwards.
\ "The strangest fish story I ever heard was au
eVierlence I had myself," said Judge Scudder
ulVtnluina, as he settled himself back in his
big tS^richair, while a reflective look passed
over hiNsopen countenance.
"It was\i the summer of '82, I think, that
an Easter!i\^-nd and myself started out on
the warpath ?\^r flsh. Salmon Creek afforded
line fighi.ig tor is\rnon, trout and salmon-trout
as well, and many were the stories of mam
moth fishes caught t\sre which were wafted to
our ears when our frk-\ls learned of our des
tination; to fill of whiOv my friend from the
East listened incredulous/^
'•This stream, as you knoOy flows through a
narrow defile, with precipit\is sides, and
winding around considerably Vter leaving
Freestone finally empties into the pacific, and
right near there we had our headqiV rters— at
the Ocean View House—tramping upVhe nar
row canyon each morning with bait iV our
selves as well as the fishes. \
"We had good sport — fine luck, in fact\?or
two days, and on the third day I chose a v\ v
wild spot and seated myself on a large roi\
overhanging the creek. I fished with a linei
and rod, using the same old-fashioned sort of
worm I did as a boy. There was no need to
use the more scientific fly when fish were so
easily caught.
"The Easterner was down stream a little way,
and everything was intensely solemn and
quiet. When I felt a fierce pull on the line I
roused up at once and pulling up, what should
I see come bobbing to the surface but a human
skull, which, to all appearances, had swal
lowed the bait through its eyes. Naturally
my otherwise steady nerves were considerably
shaken, and with a sort of howl I started
back suddenly, which motion swung the grew
some thing rather sharply against a rock,
whereat it cracked apart and the several
pieces— to my relief— slid off into the stream,
leaving dangling on my line a most peculiar
looking fish, almost white and forming au
almost perfect ring.
"I quickly jerked the hook out of its gi'y^
and let it drop into the clear water, whr^i it
went through the strangest rnotirytf, still
keeping its circular shape. It was^-tinable to
swim, but twisted around iryfie water, or
moved with a wheel-like iry<ion. My friend,
who had been attracted>»7 my howl, arrived
just in time to seej><Te of the eccentric gyra
tioas, and I r^^y believe, if he hadn't actu
ally seen ]>^Te would always have said it was
a Cni^fiiift yarn.
afterward came to the conclusion that
-''the fish, when small, had strayed Into the
skull and probably through foine motion of its
own had turned the ruin over and so closed
its mode of egress, though it could easily sur
vive and grow on the food which came floating
by, and there It continued to grow, only in a
ring, till the worm, falling through one of the
eye-sockets, provided a mode of relief from its
cramped quarters.
'•We quit fishing for that day, and it was
some time before I could eat fish without a
thought of this strangely imprisoned curio."
The Man Who
Hooked a Fish That Ran
Up the Tree.
Told by W. I*. Robertson.
■*"Did I ever tell you of the fishing experience
T>r>^T. •p^i-ii^orrrgpir a couple of years ago?"
asked W. L. Roberts?>»4prnierly of Santa Rosa.
"There were several ofJN^amping there and i
all were expert flyeasters. of the party
returned to camp with his fishS^- tackle all
out of kilter and said that ami i\«o up the
stream he had dropped his line into auVp pool
and hooked the largest trout he ever j fanned
on to. He tried to play his prize, but the r/V*al
tore the tackle all to pieces. The ; next (\v
another cast for the monarch of the pool ai\
met with no better success, he too returning 1
minus some of his outfit. For several days
the sly old * fellow would not rise to anything
we could throw to him. I made up my mind
to have that fish or stay there all year.
I rigged ,my tackle and , cautiously ap
proached the hole. The pool is about twenty
feet across and it narrowed down to three feet
where the creek passed under ' a : fallen tree to
a riffle beyond. , The water was about eight
feet deep near the bank w here I stood, and
trees and underbrush surrounded the water
hole. With great care so as not to make any
noise I ad jus ted my rod and cautiously ex
tended it, so as to drop my fly close to the
ledge of rocks where the big fish raaae his
home. I had hardly done so when there was
a "swish" and the water broke, revealing a
beautiful trout, but not the one I was atter.
In a second my reel was spinning, for the fel
low had been well hooked. Here and there he
darted and I was kept pretty busy for a min
ute playing him away from the dangerous
root that extended into the pool. In my ex
citement my foot slipped a little and before I
could recover fully thirty feet of line had
been ruu off the reel and the gamy little fel
low was down the stream, having darted
under the body of the fallen tree. He had
gained the riffle below. Then came a splash
and a jerk on the line that I could not ac
count for, as I cculd not see beyond the tree
for the brush, followed by a steady hard pull.
I kept my line taut, but it was of no use.
Foot by foot the line was taken from me— fifty,
sixty, seventy-five feet— still I could not stop
it. When the end was reached I was amazed,
for the strain was terrific, but I held on until
the line snapped, or rather the knot slipped
trom the reel. Away went the line down
stream. I dropped the rod and ran around the
pool hoping to catch up with the fish some
where down the creek. Fifty feet below the
log I was fairly paralyzed to sco my line cut
ting across the path and up the hillside I
wondered if that fish had legs and was escap
ing over the hills, for I heard the underbrush
crackling some distance ahead. Seizing the
line I followed, pulling as I scrambled through
the brush. Suddenly the strain ceased and I
worked my way along to the foot of a small
sycamore tree. The line ran up the trunk, and
glancing upward I saw what I had on my hook.
There on a limb sat a terrified coon with the
hook firmly fastened in the tough hide on the
corner of his mouth.
Tame Fish
That Would Come When the
Boys Whistled.
V Told by H. B. Pendergast.
truth of this stoy can be vouched for by
suc\reliable citizens of Yolo County as Judge
E. T.\ampton, Professor Barr, George W. Rup
ley, DrUieorge H. Jackson, and the old veteran
fisheriA n, Hon. Jason Watkins.
A few yammers ago the canal in the eastern
part of tl\e county was full of salmon that had
come in tX the tule waters early in the spring,
and were l\ft in the canal after the water had
subsided in the Sacramento River. Some men
and boys cctaceived the idea of putting wire
screens acnys the canal, a mile or so apart,
then by formXig » line of persons and wading
from one screwy to the other, driving the fish
before them, t\:y would catch wagon-loads of
big, fine salmoy Some boys, while engaged
in this sport, ctAght one day a huge salmon,
at least four feetXong, that had been injured
by running agaii\i a snag, or in some other
manner, so they turned him loose.
ThU happened seWeral times until the fish
became quite gentii and would come to the
water's edge whenever the boys whistled to
him, and would be fed by them with bread,
worms, etc. One of Ihe boys became possessed
with the idea that t/ey could have some sport
with old "Sam," f/id, carrying the idea into
execution, he oVfe day cuught the fish, and
fas'eniug a strr/Tg cord around the fore part
of Mr. sSalmon/ie mounted astride of him, and
away he weyt down the canal at more than
railroad .yOed. As soon as one of the screens
was rePy/fed the fish stopped aud another boy
bestrr/e, and away they went for the other
scrr/a. The fish seemed to enjoy tho sport,
fl/1 would flop his tail and jump around in
/ac water, while the boys were snouting with
lauffhter. This sport continued through the
spring, until the poor old fish died, on account
of the water getting so low and so warm in the
canal, and the boys buried him with all the
honors he deserved.
The Wonderful
Luck of Two Fishermen in
Mendocino County.
Upon the authority of Joseph Allen.
A. V. Phillips, an employe of the Southern
Pacific Company, now living in Tulare, went'
fishing some time ago on the Bell River./n
Mendocino County. Far up in the hills, wVere
the trout prevail, the stream courses alofig a
comparatively level strip of country for\the
distance of something like half a mile. \Vth
a friend he drove to this spot, having pre\i
ously arranged bait and lines and hooks. m\
Phillips had thoughtfully collected an oyster
can full of grasshoppers to be used as bait in
case the trout declined to accept the fly. He
cast in his fiyhook, but the wily gamester 3 did
not appear to be hungry. To wake up the fish
he drove the horse into the bit of the stream,
the water being about knee-deep, and cast in
his line with a live hopper on the hook. No
sooner had the hook struck the water than a
trout seized it and was quickly landed in the
buggy.
The sport was continued driving up the
stream, landing the trout in the buggy, until
the stock of hoppers was exhausted. When
they ceased fishing they found they had 150
trout in the buggy, varying in length from 6
to 10 inches.
This, Mr. Phillips says, was the best sport he
ever enjoyed fishing, and as the fishing season
is at hand again he is going to take a layoff
and hunt that same trout spot again.
It Had a
Miscellaneous Conglomeration
In Its Stomach.
Caught by John Hamlln.
The pig has always been held up to scorn
and contumely as the greediest and least to be
emulated of all the living creatures of the
world, but it can't hold a candle to a fish of the
scuipin family that is common in the waters
of the' bay, and, in fact, all along the coast.
This creature is called by the fishermen
capisori, and by those who are unfamiliar with
piscatorial nomenclature plain "hog" fish.
There seems to be no limit to its capacity,
and one caught off the Bay Farm Island
bridge at Alameda by John Hamlin, the bridge
tender, a few days ago, puts it in the front
rank of the gluttons. The fish took a large and
succulent worm impaled for the undoing 01 a
porgie.
His bite was voracious and determined, and
when hauled up his stomach was found to
contain three crabs, each about the size of a
silver dollai, a fish fully three inches long,
several barnacles and a piece of liver the size
of a walnut The fish itself was not over ten
inches long. The stomach was so distended at
to make a lump the size of an egg on the
under side of the fish. |
«,
How a Ukiah
Trio Gained Waltonesque
Reputations.
Divulged by Frank L. Perkius.
There is an incident in connection with a
fishing expedition in which I engaged in Men
docino County that will ever remain greon in
my memory. By it the reputations of Attorney
J. A. Cooper, a local sportsman named Fitz- "1
gerald and myself were firmly established. "
Cooper, Fitzgerald and myself set forth in a
buggy for Walker Creek, which flows through
Walker Valley about twelve miles north of
Ukiah. Arrived at the fishing ground, the two
proceeded to whip the stream towards its
source for a miie or two and then returned.
Fitzgerald returned first. When I inquired
his luck, he opened his basket and sadly gazed
upon fifty-three small fish. When the attor
ney returned he also developed a marked re
luctance to showing the contents of his basket,
but finally admitted that his luck was limited
to thirty-seven.
"Our reputations are ruined," groaned the
disciple of Blackstone.
• 'We will have to sneak into town by an un
frequented road," said Fitzgerald.
Suddenly a bright idea flashed into the se
date attorney's mind, and he astonished us by '
jumping into the air and cracking his heels
together. "I have it," he fairly shouted ; "get
in and help me and we are all right."
He speedily unfolded his plan and we went
to work. *PB^fc;ring plenty of moss and ferns,
we stuffe/l botLSj-.askets and a large bucket
with thc/e materi\^ nearly to the top. Then
the fisly were carefu^r laid on top, the largest
neai th^e surface, anove were ready.
Whyi we drove int^town that night and
stored in front of theNGrand Hotel all our
fj/Tnds crowded round tcjsee the result of tho.
rratch. It was about 8 ojjlock in the evening
and the light was dim. .
"Gaze on these beautiffl," exclaimed Fitz
gerald, dragging a baskejj into view. "There
are just 563 beauties yi there. Look at
Cooper's basket here. He has 672 more. And
even Perkins stayed witli the team and man
aged to catch a whole bucketful — over 300."WHAT THE
DOCTOR SAYS ABOUT THOSE
DOTTED VEILS
Hurt tlie Eyes and Bring Premature Wrinkles
Dropping In the other day for a chat
vkh my friend, the doctor, I found her
stting at her desk gazing, *Uh a frown
leiween her brows, at the door through
vhith an outgoing patient had just passed.
What is going to become of our
ffomen?" she asked by war of greeting.
"Easily answered," I replied, as I took
a stethoscope from a chair and seated
myself. "They are going to vote. Alter
that— the deluge."
The doctor's frown deepened. My levity
was evidently ill timed. "If they're not
careiul," she said, "they will have neither
eyes to read the bafot nor brains to under
stand its meaning."
I understood then that the doctor
wanted to ta.k, so I waited, and presently
she continued:
"That woman who just went out is the
eighth who has come to me this week
with practic.iily the same set of symp
toms. She complained of feeling sleepy
all the time, of a slight — very slight — dizzi
ness. As one of the eight expressed it,
'She wae-i't exactly dizzy, but she seemed as
if she vould be if she made a quick move.'
They bU have something of this sensation
andal complain of a peculiar headach
'way back inside the head,' and all have
pair, with a tendency to tearfulness in
the eyes. Every last one of them is de
ve'jping a tiny, vertical wrinkle just
at jvc the nose and a bunch of little fine
c;ies at the corners of the eyes."
"It all sounds alarming," I commented,
seing something in that line was expected
of me. "How do you account for all these
symptoms?"
"By this," and she reached across to
where her bonnet lay upon a table and
plucked therefrom a bit of net studded
with occasional round, black dots.
"We're all wearing these things and
they're putting our eyes out." "Why do
you do it?" I replied, full ol conscious
rectitude, for my veil had no dots. "Have
to wear this. The girls do my shopping.
I take what they bring me, for I've no
time to do anything else. But you have j
no such excuse." "Oh, yes" — as I began to i
demur — ''but that coarse mesh you have
before your eyes is nearly as bad as the
dots."
The doctor was fairly launched now.
"Has it ever occurred to you," sbe
asked, "to wonder why you meet so many
nice womeu than men who are wearing
glasses?"
I murmured something about the well- j
known studiouß tendencies of the new
woman, and the doctor lapsed into inele
gance. "Studious grandmothers!" she !
biiapped. "It isu't study; 'tis folly that j
perches spectacles upon the noses of our |
women. If men covered their faces with
black, or white, or red, green or blue net,
speckled all over with dots, dancing in j
front of the eyes,, they would soon be com- ;
ing to the doctors with the same chain ol i
symptoms these women describe. The |
dot need not be directly in front of the
eye to do the mischief. In fa;t, it does
almost less harm there than on the side
of the nose, for instance. Euch an object,
visible, yet not directly within the range
of vision, is always a distracting object to
ihe tight. Not only the eye on the side
where the dot is is strained in the
effort to see the thing, but the one on the
opposite side partakes of the effort. This
is a peculiarity growing out of the con-
truction of the eyes. Tne probability is
that man was once a one-eyed creature,
and the anatomical sympathy between
the two eyes is still so perfect that they
act together always. Thus, a blind eye.
though it sees nothing, works just as hard
in its vain effort to see as does its perfect
mate. It 'looks' just as constantly, even
when shut,, as the good eye, and needs
rest at night ju3t as much. The constant
strain upon eyes distracted and teased by
such an object as an occasional dot on a
light veil is an active brain irritant, suffi
cient to produce marked mental effects. I
might tell you ti:« exact effect if I thought
you would remember it, but it has grown
bo fashionable of late for physicians to
hurl big technical phrases at their pa
tient- that our pet terms are beginning to
run off the chronic cases like water off a
cluck's back. It is the truth, though, that
we women are nurting our brains and our
ryes, and lining our faces with premature
wrinkles by wearing dotted vmls."
"Wrinkles" is always a dread word in
feminine ears, and it remained in my
mind as I went forth, balf-doubting, but
determined to make a note of the veils
worn by my sister women. It was hardly
possible that these trifles light as air could
be productive of such serious mischief.
The first woman I met was veiled with a
wonderful creation in delicate white illu
sion, edged with lace and dotted with a
black pattern of the conventionalized
fleur-de-lis, cash design more than half
an mdi long. It was striking in effect,
but I felt sure I should not have noticed it
but for the doctor's little lecturs.
Curiously enough there was the redoubt
able vertical wrinkle between her brows,
and at the corners of her eyes were faint
crowsfeet. Palpably, the lady was squint
ing, and, equally, it was apparent that the
cause of her visual obliquity was a par
ticuiarly fetching Beur-de-lis exactly upon
Ihe ridge of her nose, where both
pyes could catch tantalizing half-
Klimpses of its beauty. A few mo
ments later I met a friend, full
jf enthusiasm over a new. movement for
the elevation of the race. She was earnest,
lignilied, eloquent, and the subject upon
which she at once began to talk was fu'l
of interest for me. But alas for my pow
ers of attention. Just before one eye, as
she gazed at me, appeared a large and
wholly irrelevant ball of chenille, like a
sort of supernumerary pupil, trom behind
which the actual one peeped, giving my
dignified friend such a wayward appear
ance that I fell to wondering the while she
discoursed upon the highest human
rights whether if I tipped a wink
at that dubious - looking, black - spot
ted eye its owner would not instantly
reply: "Thanks; I don't mind if I do."
Entering a streetcar I noted a staid, el
derly matron, upon the tip of whose nose
appeared a particularly wicked little
sprawl of threads, outlining a shamrock
in the meshes of her veil. One did not
need to be a mem: er of the A. P. A. to
feel that the design was hideously unbe
coming and out of place. Beside her sat a
pretty golden-haired girl, whose face was
disfigured by an arrangement in purple,
with white spots, and in the corner were
two middle-aged women wearing sailor
hats and veils, one white with huge black
spots, the other black with big blobs of
white spattered here and there over its
surface. The effect was such as to make
both ladies appear decidedly rakish.
In the course of the day I saw blue veils,
red ones, gray, green, pink and yellow,
with dots of all shapes and sizes, from the
big, fluffy balls, nearly the size of my
thumb's end, to the minute specks that
gave the wearer an appearance of being
dreadfully freckled. There were veils
with borders and veils without; veils com
ing to the chin and veils making a wad
beneath it, but in nearly every instance
the wearer sported, as well as her veil, a
troubled frown between her brows, and I
wondered if the doctor was ri^Lt, after all,
in attributing feminine wrinkles to the
omnipresent veil.
But the veil, particularly in this cli
mate and when our summer winds do
blow, is an absolute essential to the street
toilet of a woman who does not wish to
look like the witch of Endor and scare the
school children when nhe takes her walks
abroad. Hair will blow and straggle in
the merry breeze, and comfort and tidi
ness alike demand the veil. Moreover,
there are very few women to whom a
veil is not becoming. Some of them
even look well despite the dots.
Every one of them looks well wearing
one of the numerous sorts of plain
veils that are made for and worn by the
sensible few. Plain; soft, dainty tulle,
•thin, delicate illusion make light, com
fortable veils that shade the eyes, keep
the hair in order, do not interfere with
vision and impart a pleasing softness to !
every complexion. Tulle, in fact, plain, i
inexpensive tulle, makes the most becom- '■
ing of all veils. It may be as fine as one
chooses, edged with lace and rendered a |
thing of costliness and fashion, but, un- j
marred by the obnoxious, sight-destroying,
mirth-provoking dots that make it ugly.
But wrinkles, weak, red-rimmed eyes,
dizzy heads, impaired brains! These are
a terrible price to pay for the fashionable
folly of a summer season. What if the
doctor's prediction should prove true, and
the ne *• woman, when the ballot is placed
in her hand, should find herself without
ey?s to read it or brains to comprehend its
meaning? Penelope Powelson.
HOW
A TULARE
WOMAN OVERCAME
THE WOLF
Mrs. C. C. Christy of Tulare has blue
eyes and strongly marked features which
I indicate courage and force. Four years
< ago her husband aied, leaving her with
| six small children and little money. All
at once, therefore, the problem of how to
support a large family was thrust upon
the widow. The young Christys had lusty
appetites and a strongly marked propen
sity to wear out shoes and clothes, and in
them also inhered the certainty of outgoes
for schoolbooks, for doctors' bills and the
J thousand and one miscellaneous expenses
which aggregate a considerable annual
total.
"They who face battle bravely," says an
old proverb, "have the spirit of conquerors
within them." Mrs. Christy did not
bother with proverbial sayings of course,
but immediately went to work in a practi
cal way. The skill which had enabled
j her to turn things to the best advantage
in her family when Mr. Christy lived
speedily was applied on broader lines.
There was some life insurance money
i coming in, but not a very large amount,
: from the policy, upon which her husband
had paid premiums. Her first invest
ment, made after a lot of careful consider-
I ation, was in a home in a pleasant quarter
lof the town. Her new home was not
palatial nor very pretentious, but it was
comfortable and Mrs. Christy saw that it
could be so improved that it would be also
very attractive to !he eye.
There was a cellar to be dug. What
money remained was not to be expe nded
for paying for help. No, prudence
prompted that this should be reserved as
far as possible, for a "rainy day" might
come when ready money would be indis
-1 pen sable. But there was the pressing
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
AM I DRESSED CONSPICUOUSLY?
/
need of a cellar. There was no way to |
dodge that. The oldest child, Otto, aged ;
9 when his father died, could help some,
but was not strong enough to accomplish
much. Very well, then, the mother would
dig the cellar herself. Seizing the pick j
and shovel and barrow she went at the '
work with a will, and the dirt Hew in such ;
way that the neighbors from pity turned
to admiration, and the talk of that part of
the town began to be about "plucky Mrs.
Christy."
Attached to Mrs. Christy's home is suffi
cient land- to make up a good-sized garden.
She did not permit this land to lie idle, j
but dug it up, raked and hoed it over with
her own hands, planted seeds and raised
her own vegetables, instead of buying
them from the Chinese peddlers, as so
many others do. The prophetic poet who
told about "tickling the soil with a hoe,"'
that the land might "laugh into harvest,"
could not have imagined any one better
calculated to wield the hoe faithfully than
the brave lady who is the subject of
this article. What she has put her hands
to has been done with all her might. The
thoroughness which has characterized her
in one enterprise lias made her successful
in all. Her earden patch is not only
pleasing to the eye because of its thrifty
looks but also it is very productive.
Thrift and economy suggested that soap
MRS. C. C. CHRISTY. THE PLUCKY TULARE WOMAN. AND HER HOME.
could all be made at home, and Mrs.
Christy knew how to manufacture that
necessary article. It was necessary to haul \
ashes for leaching from the water works, I
and Mrs. Christy did this. When the soap ;,
was made there was no stint in its use. i
Floors, windows and lintels were made to j
shine with the additional aid of "elbow j
grease" stoutly and skillfully applied.
During these enterprises Mrs. Christy j
put in much of her well-directed time
working for others. She is laundress,
housecleaner, cook or nurse, and good at
all. These various occupations bring her'
an income which is fully utilized by her
thrift. She has not been satisfied to dwell
amid unsightly surroundings. Some time
ago slie wanted her house painted. That
was something new for her to attempt,
and she turned over the problem in her
mind as to how she could get the work
done at least cost. She finally decided
that she would buy the paint and hire
some one who was out of work to put the
paint on the sides of the house.
It will probably please and amuse the
disciples of the "new woman," relf-reliant
and competent, to learn that Mrs. Christy,
driven by the force of circumstances, dem
onstrated that a woman of the present
day can do this sort of work. She hired a
man who applied for employment to do
the painting. The price she offered him
was very low, but it was all that she could
then afford to pay, for even with economy
the demands upon her purse were consid
erable considering her resources. The
man started in on the hou se-painting job.
At the end of the second day he took his
pay, Mrs. Christy insisting upon paying
him daily, and went away not to return.
He assigned no reason.
This left the house in a condition where
Mrs. Christy was compelled to go ahead.
She saw no reason why a woman should
fall from a ladder. She had no idea that
a woman's muscles were incompetent or
that her eye for colors was poor. More
over, she was aware that if she personally
applied the paint it would be well rubbed
into the wood. Perhaps it was just as
well, she reflected, that she should do the 1
work. Anyhow there was no otner way
out of the dilemma. Mrs. Christy put on
old clothes and w^pt for that house in
dead earnest. She applied more than one
color, for pleasing effects, and then stood
off and admired the contrast. When she
had finished the job and the ladder was
put away she had the proud distinction of
being the only woman in Tulare who had
furnished ocular demonstration that she
can actually paint a house from top to
bottom, including the roof and tankhouse.
Her children are bright, well dressed and
well behaved.
ARE THE
MEN OF SAN FRANCISCO
RUDE TO WOMEN?
Is tfye Modish Woman Dressed Conspicuously?
James A. Maloney, commercial traveler, ap
peared In Judge Conlan's court yesterday to
answer the charge of battery preferred against
him by Alice Hendricks, who Is employed in a
candy-store on Kearny street.
She Is a pretty girl, 16 years of age, anS Monday
evening, while walking along Market street on
her way to her home on Turk, Mai bney accosted
her and asked her to have dinner with Mm. She
walked on, when he fo.'owed ho r, grabbed her by
the arm and again asked her vo dine with him.
Phe notified Policeman Coleman ixnd Maloney was
arrested.— From The Call of. Friday, June 17.
If strange men ever followed me or
spoke to me on the street, instead of bunt
ing a policeman I would hunt a looking
glass and study myself to find the reason.
Long ago, in my schooldays, when the
snow was on the ground, the girls used to
cluster near the door and as soon as they
had thrown a bail with effect or washed
some luckless urchin's face they woulu
run into the house, where the boys were
not allowed to bring snow. If the girl was
caught out and bad her face washed in re
turn she was very likely to take it amiss
and tell nn the boy.
There is a parallel between this little re
miniscence and the stories of some of the
women and girls of this City who cannot
walk down a crowded street in a bright
light without being followed and accosted.
They, too, throw snow and run, and if
they are followed they tell the teacher.
Some of the glamor thrown over the
girl world wears off during years of labor
in that world. Girls are plain flesh and
blood, with faults and vanities a-plenty.
They are not angeis here, nor shall be.
This sacred mantle of womanhood is too
often laid on and off like a suit of armor.
Let a woman be ever so unwomanly,
flirt ever so desperately, use her eyes ever
so promiscuously, invite remark ever so
boldly, the instant some great, horrid man
takes up the gauntlet she has thrown
down she drapes herself in her mantle of
helpless innocence, climbs up on her ped
estal and cries, "I ara a woman."
Of course she is a woman. None other
would crawfish so.
New woman? No, sir. That much criti
cized mortal isn't in this game at all. She
doesn't devote her thoughts and her eyes
wholly to the other sex.
It is the- dainty bits of femininity who
think it is horrible to want to vote, and
who have no patience with the bold crea
tures who can speak from a platform. It
is the tendrils of ivy that ask no other lot
than to cling to some tall oak who are con
stantly finding themselves insulted.
I have made a study of the women who
tell me that men are insulting and not
chivalrous. 1 shouldn't wonder some
times.
There are men and men; there are
women and women and women; also,
there are insults and insults.
Perhaps I do not see them as plainly as
I ought; certainly I never go about with a
lantern searching for them.
I know once an old white-headed man
spoke to me as 1 waited for a car. He said
my face took him back to the face of a dear
friend, and wouid I wear the rose he of
fered me? I took the flower with a few as
kind words as I ever speak and went my
way. What was my astonishment to find
out later lhat I had been insulted. Maybe
so, but I can bear up under it, though I
much prefer to believe that my face did
remind grandpa of one beneath the sod.
1 I always bow to him as we pass, and he j
raises his hat with a grace some much |
younger men would do well to cultivate.
There is a young matron who, like my- j
self, is often compelled to be on the street
late, sometimes to cross the bay at mid
night. I asked her one day if she had
found the men of San Francisco rude.
"No," she said, "I have always gone on
my way unmolested, but only yesterday
Mrs. X. and her sister complained to me
that they are shadowed every time they
go out together in the evening. Don't you
think they imagine some of it?"
Knowing Mrs. X. and her sister I opined
that it might be true and yet be no evi
dence of rudeness in the men.
"Once something happened that dis
turbed me," went on the young matron.
"It was in Oakland one night; a very tall
negro smiled familiarly and raised his
hat."
I laughed as 1 pictured Major Waters
going from a successful cake-walk, full of
the milk-punch of human kindness, scat
tering smiles and bows like blessings right
and left. When I explained, the young j
matron laughed too. "I am so glad you i
told me. I was afraid I had somehow
made myself conspicuous."
Conspicuous.
That is the key to half of it.
if we make it the study of life to look
striking how can we hope to escape com
ment? Given a cause, an effect must !
follow.
I know by sight a girl. I call her the
black and yellow girl. I pick her out in a
crowd, meet her on this side of the bay
and the other, in the center and in the
suburbs, and I never mistake her. She
may be a good, modest girl. If she is she
should sue her clothes lor libel.
There is one "woman's right" that is
not yet taken advantage of by the masses,
though it i 3 conceded even by the Demo
crats—the right to dress quietly, modestly,
naturally.
A woman is going down the street in a
dark diess with vivid plaid sleeves, which
mane by far a larger hole in the atmos
phere than the person herself, and which
would drive into frenzy any naturally
peaceful bovine. Prom the expanse of her
shoulders her waist slopes- in, to the en
tire exclusion of her liver— a liver is not
good form nowadays; she either strides or
tiptoes along, carrying on her dome of
reason (?) a fluff of impossible crinkled
hair, and perched on one side of it a mass
of dead birds and feathers that might be
taken for a taxidermist's sign.
Some male cynic dares to gaze at her in
sneering wonder as to which extreme of
society she belongs. He is a rude sftarer
and should be given a barred window to
stare through.
Circus posters are put up to be stared at.
Are respectable women never wantonly
insulted?
They are. There are men whose very
glance is pollution. The only way to
purify them is by fire, and that is prohib
ited, at least in this world. They are of a
feather with the females whose existence
we ignore; and with eyes that see not we
may pass these male animals by. They
have no smirk for the woman who never
knows they are near. An angry look is as
much satisfaction to them as an answer
ing smile, but complete oblivion is a frost
that kills them.'
There is always the possibility of a little
encounter with the youth tottering uruder
a too heavy load of the rosy. He is too
imbecile to be taken tragically. It one
could only take him to a nice clean pig
pen !
There is a golden mean between a smile
and a slap in the face or a police court. A
few quiet words or a grave glance of pity
does mere than all the publicity and scan- I
dal of an arrest.
Something in the face and the air of a
girl or the lack of that something deter
mines the attitude of men and other ani
mals toward her. What it is I will not
undertake to explain; it is an ineffable
something that resides in the personality,
not put on and off to suit the occasion.
Thousands of bright, busy working-girls
daily and nightly pass up and down our
streets in perfect freedom and immunity
from danger, while a few are "insulted"
time after time.
Draw your inference.
The men of San Francisco are civil.
For such a motley company gathered
from the corners of the earth thery are
more than civil. In the frequented streets
a woman is just as safe as in the boeom of
her family ; in the darkness of the Super
visors' intelligence she is at least as safe
as her young Drother; more so.
I know whereof I write. At 18 a girl
just out of school came alone to the big
city and, with a lively curiosity and a
rustic independence, showed herself the
sights, stadying all sorts of queer places
and people, knowing no chaperon but
self-respect, no limit but her own judg
ment.
Expecting neither worship nor persecu
tion from men — in fact not considering
them at all— she received what she ex
pected. Growing older, year after year
she has traveled the streets of San Fran
cisco at seemly and unseemly hours with
a face that never yet stopped a clock, and
the first rudeness has yet to be offered.
When you want a helping-nand, a bit of
information or a direction, to whom do
you turn? The nearest man.
And you get what you ask for.
I have been answered tersely, even
gruffly. Well! Before I accost a woman
I must take her measure — classify her.
The stately, well-dressed lady of quality
may distrust me. The equally well
dressed hanging-on-to-the-edge-of-society
person is likely to snub me. The keen
eyed woman with a purpose in life will
answer me with the same business man
ner she has for men. The kindly middle
class woman has a sweet, motherly way
that is oh. so comfortable. I'll ask her first.
Women are being slowly educated up to
the fact that they are simply human beings
walking among other human beings called
men, meeting the same dangers, pro
tected by the same laws, subject to the
same conditions. That there are those
who rail at the advanced woman and
cling to the days when "She trembled and
burst into teari as his eyes fell upon her"
proves that we still need teaching.
It all reminds me of a paragraph in the
funny column.
Two south-of-Markets were gazing at a
bloomer girl, one of the dashing kind.
The first one cried, "Get onto de
bloomers, Jimmy; ain't dey loud enough,
to make a feller deef ?"
"Aw, go on!" answered the other,
"'Taint de bloomers, it's de gal."
Olive Heydkk.
A COUPLE OF
SUMMER JOKELETS
The man with the vegetable wagon stood
o n the front step.
" vVant an ything in my line ?" he asked.
"No," was the reply. %l De lady of de
house says she don't want no mo' dealin's
wif you."
"Why?"
• 'She says yer is too Inharmonious; dat
yob strawberries ain't fresh 'nuff, an' you
is altogeddah to o fresh." — Washington
Star.
He prided himself on speaking twelve tongues ;
He could trace to Its root any word you might
Dame;
Bnt lie read, twice through, a baseball report,
And then couldn't tell what they did in the game!
—Chicago Kecord.
1920
MERRY JUNE DAYS
AT THE RESORTS
Summer Sports and Pleas
ures Now in Full
.Swing.
Elaborate Preparation for the
National Holiday Cele
bration.
Pleasant Reports From the Mountains,
the Seaside ani the
Springs.
The closing of the schools has been the signal
for departure. Daily has the list of those
seeking for pastures new increased until now
there is, figuratively speaking, no one left in
town.
The reports from the various seaside, moun
tain and interior resorts are pleasant and en
couraging. Mine host, is making elaborate
arrangements for trie celebration of the great
and glorious Fourth, and is prepared to ac
commodate an astonishing number of guests.
The weather everywhere is most delightful.
Tne orchards are laden with fruit. Tennis
courts are in prime conditionmnd ilshing good.
What more could any mortal desre ? Below
will be found a resume of the movements of
our society people.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles B. Alexander (nee
Cracker) of New York will come to California
after their return from Europe, and will pass
several weeks at the Hotel del Monte.
Mr. Edgar Mills Jr., Miss Mills and Miss
Florence Mills returned to the City last Mon
day, after a proionged absence in Europe.
Mr. ani Mrs. William H. Crocker and Prince
and Prinress Poniatowski returned from New
York ln<t Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. Homer S. King and family will
leave next Tuesday to pass the season at Castle
Crag.
Mr. Frederick R. Webster expects to sail from
Europe for New York next Wednesday.
Mrs. J. Dovney .Harvey and her children
went to the Hotel del Monte last Saturday for
the season.
Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey R. Winslow have
gone to San Rafael for a few weeks.
Miss Mary Bell Gwin has recently been the
guest of Miss Ethel Tompkins in San Rafael.
She will leave next Wednesday to visit the
Tavern of Castle Crag.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker arrived here
last week from New York and attended the
wedding of Mrs. Crocker's brother. L. E.
Hanchett, in Sacramento last Wednesday.
They are occupying the Crocker residence, on
California street, for a brief period.
Charles Webb Howard has returned from his
visit to Honolulu.
Rothwell Hyde is passing the summer on his
ranch near St. Helena.
Mrs. Richard T. Carroll, Miss Lizzie Carroll
and Miss Gertrude Carroll have gone to the
Hotel Rafael to remain until July 6, when they
will go to Honolulu for a month.
Mrs. M. A. Wilcox, Mrs. M. W. Longstreet and
A. H. Wilco-i will pass the season at Santa
Monica.
Mrs. F. F. Low and Miss Flora Low have re
turned from Europe after a prolonged absence
ana will pass the summer at the' Hotel del
Monte.
Mr. and Mrs. John Hays Hammond sailed
from Cape Town, Africa, last Wednesday for
England. They will visit their children, who
are at school in England, and are expected
here in October.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry J. Crocker are at their
country villa, near Cioverdale. On the even
ing of June 19 a number of their friends in
the vicinity Rave them a surprise party to
commemorate Mr. Crocker's birthday.
Mr. Francis J. Carolan passed last Saturday
and Sunday at Phelan Park, in Santa Cms, as
the guest of James D. Phelan.
Major and Mrs. Frank McLaughlin and Miss
Agnes McLaughlin retu-ned to Santa Cruz last
Monday from Paso Robles.
H. J.Stewart is passing the summer at the
Sea Beach Hotel, in s-ai:;a, Cruz.
William H. Mills and Miss Ardella Mills have
been passing the week at the Tavern ot Castle
Crag.
Mr. and Mrs. W. F. Herrin and the Misses
Kate and Alice Herrin are at tbe Tavern of
Castle Crag.
Dr. Robert I. Bowie has been visiting at
Castle Crag.
Harry >". Stetson is passing part of the sum
mer in' San Rafael.
Everett N. Bee left last Monday for Sausalito,
where he will remain during the season.
Miss Ethel Cohen nas been visiting fiiends
in San Rafael during the past week.
Dr. George J. Bucknall nas been confined to
his residence during the past fortnight through
illness.
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefield Baker are visiting
the Tavern of Castle Crag.
Mrs. U. E. Wise will pass the summer at Del
Monte.
Robert R. Grayson has been making a visit
to Portland, Or.
Edward M. Greenway is in Seattle.
Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Pease and family have
none to Portland, Or. They will make a trip
to Alaska in July.
Mrs. 11. B. Hunt and Miss Emma Hunt have
returned from a visit to the Yosemite Valley.
Mr. and Mrs. F. W. Tallant and family lefi
last Tuesday to pass the summer at Castle
Crag.
Mr. and Mrs. William Letts Oliver and family
are passing the summer at their country home
near Martinez.
J. B. Crockett passed a few days in San Jose
during the past week.
Mr. and Mrs. Nathan Bentz of Santa Barbara
left last Saturday on the steamer Coptic to
make their annual tour of Japan.
A. B. Spreckels returned from Santa Cruz last
Monday.
Mrs. Horace L. Hill and her son went to the
Hotel del Monte last Tuesday and are there
for tbe season.
Mrs. W. J. Lowry, Miss Lowry and Miss I.
Lowry are at the Sea Beach Hotel In Santa
Cruz.
Mrs. Irving M. Scott returned from Santa
Cruz early in the week.
Mrs. John Stafford, wife of Lieutenant Staf
ford, Eighth Infantry, U.S. A., who has been
here on a visit to her parents, Mr. and Mrs. C.
V. S. Gibbs, will return to Fort D. A. Russell,
Wyo., next week.
Mrs. J. R. Walker Jr., who has been visiting
here for several weeks, will return to her home
in Salt Lake City in a lew days.
Mrs. Charles "M. Shortridge and Miss Vesta
Shortridge of San Jose sai.ed on the steamer
Alameda last Thursday for Honolulu.
Mr. and Mrs. S. Stein (nee Adelaide Jacob
fion) will sperm the next four weeks between
Monterey and Pacific Grove.
Mrs. Captain Bonifield and sons of 1435 and
Mme. E. Weiss of 1433 Steiner street are visit
ing at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. A. T. Barnett and sister, Mrs. W.
Klinger, are at Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Anna G. Schad, accompanied by her
daughter Alma, intend spending six weeks in
Los Angeles with her sister, Mrs. F. E. Lopez.
Miss Eugenia B. Brizzolara is the guest of
Mrs. M. J. Fontana and her daughter, Margaret
May, at the Moorlands, where they are spend
ing tbe summer.
Mr. and Mrs. J. Goldstoue, accompanied by
their daughter, Miss Esther, have returned
home from their trip south.
Mrs. A. Prescott returned from her European
trip last Saturday. Mrs. Prescott will be at
home the first Wednesday of July, when she
will be pleased to see her friends.
Mrs. J. C. McCauliy is a guest at the Cataract
Houte, Niagara Falls.
C. H. Thompson and wife are guesti of the
Cataract House, Niagara Falls.
Dr. J. J. Hushes and wife are spending a
month at the Tassajara Hot Springs, Monterey
County.
Mr. and Mrs. Ralph Leon have left for Los
Angeles, where they intend spending the sum
mer. They will also visit Santa Monica, Coro
nado, Catalina Island and other points of in
terest.
Mrs. J. A. Spinetti and Miss Henrietta Merlo
are the guests of Mrs. A. bbarboro at her villa,
Asti, Sonoma County.
Mrs. S. M. Phillips, accompanied by her
daughter Mabel, has gone to Harbin Springs,
Lake County, for the summer months.
Henry L. Kahn and wife visited their
ranch, Home Farm, last week. Mrs. H.
L. Kahn is at present in San Jose, where she
expects to remain until after the Fourth of
July.
Mrs. Joseph Nordman and family are occu
pying their cottage at Pacific Grove for the
summer.
Mrs. C. B. Higgins and her daughter, Miss
Emily, are spending the season at Santa Cruz,
Mrs. A. Wautner and family, Mrs. V. Wil
liams and Miss Fannie Kosminsky will spend
the summer in Ha\-wnrds.
Miss Ethel Forrest of this City is spending
her vacation at her sister's country residence
on the Keystone ranch in Nap-.t Valley.
Miss Miller, Mrs. G. T. Noble, Carl Cressey
and party have gone to San Mateo for the
months of June and July.
Mrs. C. Coleman of 1606 Post street will
leave to-day for a trip to Seattle. Mrs. Cole
man and Miss Martha Coleman will discon
tinue their afternoons and evenings at home
during the summer months.
Mr. nnd Mrs. H. M. Lichtenstein and Miss
llortense Lichtenstein are sojourning at Santa
Cruz.
Mr. and Mrs. C. W. Rosen baum of San Fran
cisco, Cal., are guests at tne Cataract House,
Niagara Falls.
George W. Lynch of the Hotel Florence, San
Diego, and president of the National Hotel
Men's Mutual Benefit Association, was a: Ni
agara Falls last week (June 18), stopping at the
International. Mr. Lynch is East in the
interests of the Palace Hotel in Sau Francisco,
the Hotel del Monte at Monterey and the
Hotel del Coronado at San Diego.
Mr. and Mrs. S. J. Newman and Miss May
Newman, of Newman, are spending the sum
mer at Sania Cruz.
Mrs. L. Strauss of San Francisco is spending
the summer at Santa Cruz and Paso Robles.
Miss Annie and Miss Mattie Kelly left last
week for then- country villa at Edenvale, Napa
County, where they will spend the summer
months.
Mrs. Samuel Shaen, accompanied by her
daughter, Miss Edna, has gone to Boston, to
visit her mother, Mrs. Coleman.
Mr. Honn of the Market-street Railroad Com
pany and Mrs. L Honn of Honn's Dancing
Academy and their two charming little daugh
ters, the Misses Ed'ia and Margarette Honn,
left on Tuesduv afternoon for a month's camp
ing tour in Lake County.
At Cazadero.
No less than 200 people are enjoying the
mountain air and the rest, and tne fun and
the good cheer oi this favorite and attractive
resort.
The grand old redwood forest, the inviting
nooks, the romantic walks, the alluring trout
in Austin and Ward creeks are attractions be
yond resistance.
The guests are all enjoying themselves. They
swim iv the roomy, thady pond; they ride,
drive and make pilgrimages to the icecream
soda "joint," they arrange impromptu picnics
along the creek and jolly coachine parties to
Fort Ross, the place so interesting because of
its early association with the Russians, whose
buildings still stand in part, and whose or
chard, planted in 1812, still bears the juiciest
of apples.
Pole Mountain is a favorite resort for riding
parties.
Late arrivals at Cazadero include Mr. and
Mrs. H. L. Smith of San Francisco, Miss A. J.
\N ale of San Francisco, William H. Ramsey of
Alameda, George Whitney of Alameda, S. 11.
Perkins of San Francisco, A. L. Knapp of Sau
Francisco, Mrs. M. 11. Weed and family of San
Francisco, Miss Clara Gannon of San Francisco,
William W. Wells of San Francisco, F. J. Sulli
van of San Francisco, C. Haskell of San Fran
cisco, John McCord and family of San
Francisco, Miss Alice May of San Fran
cisco, Henry I. Graham of San Francisco,
W. H. Martin and family, Mrs. Jonn L. Howard
and maid, Miss Jean Howard, Charles Howard,
Sidney Howard, Oakland; Miss M. Bl«y, Miss
A. Honingsberg, Miss E. Honing«berg, San
Francisco; Mrs. J. B. F. Davis, Miss Grace
Davis, W. M. Lane, Ross Station; Perry T.
Tompkins, John L. Partridge, San Francisco;
Mr. and Mrs. L. E. White, Miss Anua McGov
ern, Mr. and Mrs. William A. Caldwell, Berke
eley;Mrs. T. H. Massey, Miss Florence Sher
wood, San Francisco; Miss Greenhood, Miss
Frank, Berkeley.
At Tuscan Springs.
The following is a listof the guests at Tuscan
Springs for the summer: R. R. Fimple, Chico ;
L. Wiedman, Red Bluff; Louis London, Fol
som; James Campbell, San Francisco; H. Ful
ler, San Francisco: D. B. Lyon and wife, Red
Bluff"; Paul Stall and family, Red Bluff; Mrs.
L. E.lis, Chico; C. M. Baker, Peter Maas,
W. E. Clarke, J. £. Fuihey, Sacramento;
S. R. Daubenmire, Marysville; Mr. and Mrs.
W. Dorland. Sacramento; J. F. Beam, Chico;
Mr. and Mrs. If. Pierson, Marysville; L. C.
Williams, Marysville; Mr. and Mrs. J. P.
Burchard, Rooklin; Mrs. E. Lindner, Cc
lusa; W. E. Miller, Marysville; D. Downer
and wife, Red Rluff; Albert H. Reicbling,
Oakland; W. M. Smith, Oakland; P. Reior
dan, Marysvilie; Henry T. Stenglg, Calaveras;
Mr<-. Marks, San Francisco; Mr. and Mrs. J. 11.
j.mnis, Chico; Judge O. L. Clark, Chico:
Chnrles R. Mayhew. Red Bluff; B. B. Bush,
Chico; William Fowler, California; L. W.
Gerky, Red Bluff; C. Uwash, Red Bluff; Frank
Koviz. Rod Bluff; E. Lindner, Wheatland;
F. Williard Carlisle. U. S. N.; James Patten,
San Francisco; D. N. Haurahan, Sacramento ;
John Mount, Aspen, Colo.
At the El Monte.
Among the guests at the El Monte Hotel,
Sausalito, are: P. H. Livingston and family,'
John W. Spencer, J. K. Hoag, Miss Elinor I
Croudace, Mrs.F. W. Croudace, John Dern, D. j
E. Stanlon, Miss F. M. Holmes, George P.
Ackeriey, Mrs. J. Stahland family, Professor W.
V. Plise, Miss H. Shoemaker, M. Friedlander,
Mrs. E. Henry. Miss May Warde, Mrs. S. L.
Marsh, Mrs. J. E. Jones, F. O. Heydenfeldt,
Miss Rose Livingston, Miss Bonney and sister,
Migs Cora Dittmar, Dr. Sichel and daughter, !
Mrs. L. K. Gage, F. W. Reade. Mr. and Mrs.
Chartea Nauinan, Dr. F. W. Croudace, Mrs. C. I
de Courcey, Miss If. L. Lievre, Miss Susie
Griffith, C. C. Nauinan, Isidore Lievre and
family.
The Fourth of July will be celebrated at the
El Monte Hotel, Sausalito, by a social hop
given by the guests of the hotel. R. E. Mc-
Gregor will act as floor manager for the oc
casion.
At Santa Cruz.
The following San Franciscans were among
the arrivals at the Sea Beach Hotel, Santa Qruz,
during the past week: Mr. Wd Mrs. 8. ]
Newman and family, B. Ettlinger, Michael S. !
Alexander, Leo E. Alexander, Anna C. j
Busteede, Dr. J. M. Dunn and wife, Miss j
Sanders, T. G. Crothers, Charles F. Crothers,
Julian Hart, F. It Furey, E. F. Wtnfieid, R. B.
Speer, Miss Stella Whitman, Miss Blanche
Hoge, Miss Octavia Hoge, Mrs. W. S. Davis,
Samuel F. Pond, Mr. and Mrs. L. Weil and
daughter, H. J. Stewart, Miss Frances Stewart,
Mrs. Garrison Gerst, Miss Mabel Gerst, C. F.
Hunt and wife. Master Bob Hunt, Alice John
ston. J. W. McDonald and family, Mrs. Laza
rus. M. Bechtel and wife, Mrs. Henry Wise and
(laughters, Captain M. F. Symonds, Miss Lena
Kohlmau, Mrs. M. H. Crooker aud Miss Louise
B. Crocker, Louis Straus.
At Klamath Hot Springs.
Among the late arrivals at Klamath Hot I
Springs are: Mrs. J. G. Spauiding and daugh- ;
ter, San Francisco; Mrs. C. H. Shattuck and j
son, Alameda; B. Rosenberg, M. P. Kohl
berg, Ira L. Tremain, J. Leroy Nickle,
Charles Page, San Francisco; J. R. Clise,
Somersetshire, England; J. H. Lord and wife,
Oakland; Denis Donohoe Jr., San Rafael;
Leslie Scott, Portland, Or. ; Ambrose Scott,
Portland, Or. ; Rev. R. P. Lynch, San Fran
cisco; Rev. P. s. < asey, Fan Francisco; James
Wardlow, Iowa; F. H. Hodge, San Francisco;
B. C. QuigUy, San Francisco; J. D. Heinzman, i
Denver; William Faber, Albany; Major Henry
M. Benson, U. S. A., San Jose; Colonel William
R. Parnell, U. S. A., San Francisco; Miss Kate
Macdonald, San Francisco; Mrs. N. A. Wood,
San Francisco; Miss Annette Doud, San Fran
cisco.
At Camp Taylor.
Among tne late arrivals at Camp Taylor,
Marin County, are: Miss E. V. R. Ten Eyck,
Miss Florence A. Wyman, Mrs. J. E. Langton,
Miss M. E. Langton, A. H. Cables, Mr. and
Mrs. B. Schmidt, Mary B. de Witt. Harriet Rix, j
Mrs. P. J. E. Steiner, S. Hanson, Mr. and I
Mrs. C. Aronsen and child, George Wagner A
Beyken, Mr. and Mrs. R. O. Collier, Fred A.
GardncT, W. Newman, J. H. Anskle, Ida A.
Westerfeld, F. L. Moss, San Francisco; Lotty
Peters, Bremen; W. P. Ransom, Oakland; C.
E. Stokes, E. F. Brown, Alameda.
At Springs.
Those registered at .Stna Springs include
J. M. Rlckctt and wife, Holhster; F. M. Reas- ,
ncr and wife, San Francisco; John O. Saunders, J ]
Vallejo; Mrs. C. N. Fox, Miss I. F. Fox, Miss i
Mary Gray, Oakland; Mrs. J. J. Schultz, Miss i
Pauline Schultz. E. Schmidt and wife, San '
Francisco; Mrs. R. W. Lemme and child, St. i
Helena; Miss C. R. O'Connell, San Francisco; 1
George A. Rirgins, St. Helena; Mrs. George
Valkmann ana children, Miss Vida Lnuok, San 1
Francisco; Miss Georgie Elliot, Miss Rose <
Elliot, Alameda. |
At Paso Robles.
Chief Justice and Mrs. Fields, Miss Whitney, !
William F. Herrin and Hall McAllister are
registered at Paso Robles.
Major Charles G. Eagan and wife, TJ. S. A.,
will spend a few weeks at Paso Robles.
Mrs. J. D. Spreckels and Mrs. J. Center will
spend the summer at Paso Robles. '
Miss Clara Taylor returns to San Francisco '
very much improved by her visit to Paso
Robles.
At the Bertrand Hotel.
Registered at the Berirand Hotel, Tocaloma,
Marin County, are: E. P. Murphy and wife, S.
Murphy, Florence Murpbv, Fred and Theo
Murphy. J. P. Quane, Miss M. Bley, B. Honigs
legen, E. Honijts eeen, Joseph Eii right, J. D.
O'Connor, J H. Hagen, J. P. Rodgers, San
Francisco: B. H. Pcndleton and sister, R. Cor
mack, Mrs. Groome, Sausalito.
At Inwood Farm.
The following list of guests are sojourning at
Inwood: J.Stewart Yates, Victoria, B. C. ; Miss
Austin, Victoria, B. C; Mrs. Charles H. Hop- !
kins, Mrs. Alice Kedon, Mrs. M. A. Swinerton, I
Mr. and Mrs. Boyken, Henry Englander, ban i
Francisco; Mrs. H. Krusi, nurse and children, i
Professor Krusi, Alameda. <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
THE SUMMER QUEEN AND THE WOOD NYMPHS.
[Reproduced Jrom the Chicago Times-Herald.\
LIST TO THE PEAL
OF WEDDING BELLS
Society Attends the Upson-
Hanchett Nup
tials.
Miss Rosette Faull and Willard
Wayman Married at
Pine Knoll.
Williard de L. Kingsbury and Miss
Stanbridge United at the Cen
tra* M. E. Church.
The event in Sacramento society was the
wedding Wednesday of Lewis E. Hanchett and
Miss Lucy Upson, which was celebrated at the
handsome mansion of the Upson family at
Tenth and F streets. The groom, who is a
popular young man, has been occupying a re
sponsible position In the service of the South
ern Pacific in that city. The bride is a beauti
ful brunette possessed of charming manners.
Her father, L. A. Upson, is a retired merchant
The marriage was performed at 2 P. M. by the
Rev. H. N. Hoyt of the First Congregational
Church, underneath a canopy in one of the
large parlors, which was most tastefully deco
rated with pink and white sweet peas and
exotics.
Mr. Upson, the father, gave the bride away.
L. S. Upson, the bride's brother, was the best
man, and Mias Alice Rutherford was the
bridesmaid.
The bride was attired in a dress of mousseljne
de sole, and Miss Alice Rutherford in pink.
The marriage was followed by a wedding
feast and reception, intermingled with music
by a string orchestra. The happy couple re
ceived a number of congratulatory telegrams
from Eastern relatives and friends.
The presents were as numerous as they were
beautiful. The most costly present was that of
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker of San Francisco,
which was a large chest of silverware. Another
costly present was a set of silver from Mr. and
Mrs.G. B. Williams of Washington, D. C, the
latter a sister of Mr. Hnnchett.
About seventy-five people attended the wed
ding. Those present from abroad were Mr.
and Mrs. George Crocker, Mrs. J. A. Fillmore,
Miss Jessie Fillmqre, Mr. and Mrs. C. A. Bel
den, Mrs. M. A. White-man, all of San Fran
cisco, and Mrs. G. B. Williams of Washington,
D. C.
Among those present from Sacramento were
Mr. and Mrs. L. J. Hanchett, the parents of
the groom; Miss Adelaide Upson, the sister of
the bride; Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Carroll, Dr. and
I Mrs. Woods, Mr. and Mrs. Charles Bonte Jr.,
Mr. and Mrs. J. I. Felter, Dr. and Mrs. G. L.
Simmons, Dr. and Mrs. G. C. Simmons, Mrs. B.
j R. Crocker, Mr. and Mrs. George Clark, Mrs.
i Birdsall, Miss Birdsali, Miss May Carroll, Mr.
and Mrs. A. A. Van Voorhiee, Mr. and Mrs.
Mobins, Mrs. McCreary, Mr. and Mrs. Robert
McCreary. Miss Clark, Mr. and Mrs. Adolph
Scheld, Miss Virginia Rutherford, Dr. W. L.
Reith, W. R. Ormsby, W. E. Lovdale and others.
In the evening Mr. and Mrs. Hanciiett ieft
for San Francisco with Mr. and Mrs. George
Crocker in the latter's special car. Alter a
visit to the southern part of the State Mr. and
Mrs. Hanchett will take up their residence in
the State of Nevada, where Mr. Hanchett is in
terested in mining property.
There was a very pretty wedding at Pine
Knoll, the country home of Mrs. H. S. Faull,
near St. Helena, Napa <%unty, last Thursday.
The bride was Mrs. Faull's daughter, Miss Ro
sette Faull. The groom was Whlard O. Way
man, who is prominent in insurance circles
here. Th usands of roses converted the house
into a bower of beauty. Miss Sophia Faull,
twin sister of the bride, was the maid of honor.
Numerous telegrams from the East and Europe
and many beautiful yiresents gave testimony
of the popularity of the bridal couple. The
wedding was very pleasantly celebrated. Mr.
and Mrs. Waytnan will pass ihe next three
months at Belvedere, after which they will re
side in this City.
The Central" M. E. Church on Mission street
was the scene of an interesting and fashion
able wedding on Wednesday evening, tbe con
tracting parties being Willianl de L. Kings
bury, vice-principal ot the John Swett Grain- 1
mar School, and Miss Clara Jeannette Stan- ;
bridge, daughter of A. 11. Stanbridge of the '
Pacific Woodenwaro and cordage Company.
The church was crowded with the friends of ■
the couple. The pulpit, platform and organ j
loft were a mass of ferns and bright flowers ;
and in front of the pulpit whs a bower of '■
smilax. In the center whs a large umbrella of .
vines and ferns; each rib was a broad white j
ribbon , which was draped to the sides of the I
bower.
At half-past 8 o'clock the organist played the
march from "Lohengrin" and the bridal party i
entered, led by the ushers, Dr. A. M. Flood, |
C. T. Boots, Dr. F. G. Canney and J. A. Percy.
They were followed by the maid of honor,
Miss Jennie Stanbridge, a cousin of the bride,
dressed in white nun's veiling, trimmed with
lace and ribbons.
The bride, who was escorted by her father,
was gowned in white brocaded silk, trimmeo
with pearls and lace. She carried a bouquet of
lilies of the valley.
The groom and his best man, Henry L. Haehl
of Stanford University, met the party at the
altar, and the ceremony was performed by the
Rev. E. R. Dille, the pastor, assisted by the
Rtv. Dr. Col burn of the Grace M. E. Church.
A reception followed at 23 Bartlett street,
which wus largely attended. The house was
profusely decorated, ihe parlors in pink. A
bower of netting studded with pink sweet
peas filled the bay-window.
Among those who attended the reception
were: Judge and Mrs. E. D. Sawyer, Mr. and
Mrs. W. J. Landers, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Hand,
Mr. Hnd Mrs. Robert Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. W.
T. Thompson, Mr. and Mrs. H. P. Penniman,
Mrs. H. S. Kingsbury. Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Wey
mouth. Mr. and Mrs. C. S. Holmes, Mr. and
Mrs. C. D. Mailine, Miss Lottie Barrows, Miss
MyraTrobrldge. Miss Mary Boots, Mr. and
Mrs. F. A. Hyde, G. H. Coggin, Mr. and
Mrs. C. Coggin, Mr. and Mrs. A. H.
Stanbridge, C. E. Stanbridge, Mrs. M. E.
Stuart, Mrs. M. C. Kingsbury, Mrs. B. F. Gran
ger of Ann Arbor, Mich.; Mist Stafford, Miss
Griggsby, Miss Effie E. Smith. Miss M. E.
Casey, Miss Hattie Lansing, Mrs. E. P. Hersey
Mr. and Mrs. Z. Grovcr, Mr. and Mrs. Frank
Morton, Mr. and Mrs. Ed Hersey, Robert Max
well, Mrs. Lord, Miss Fnnnie Lord, Mr. and
Mrs. William Guth, Mr. and Mrs. R. V. Watt,
Dr. and Mrs. K. K. Dille. Mr. and Mrs. J. T.
Smytho, the Misses Place, Miss Nettle Holmes,
! Mr. and Mrs. C. E. Holmes, Mr. and Mrs. C. D.
McNeil, the Misses Wilson, Mrs. Piver, Mr. and
Mis. Milo Hough. Captain and Mrs. A. B.
Gove, Mr. and Mrs. William Russell, Mrs.
Mary Bennett. Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Pelton,
Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Penniman, Mr. and
Mrs. H. Benson, Mr. and Mrs. Benson, Mr. and
Mrs. E. Lockwood, Mrs. J. G. Kennedy, Miss
Kennedy, Mr. and Mrs. William Boots, Miss
Jessie ctanbridge, Miss Baldwin, Miss Anna
Sawyer, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Russell and Miss
Gi>ane Balchyin.
After receiving the guests an elaborate sup
per was served in the dining-room, which was
decorated in red. On the table were carna
tions, and the ceiling was canopied with net
ting covered with geraniums.
The presents were displayed in a room on the
upper floor and they were numerous and rich.
From the members of the Filth Regiment, Boys'
Brigade, of which the groom is colonel, was re
ceived a beautifully engraved silver tea-set.
Grace M. E. Church Sunday-school, of which
the groom is secretary, sent a handsome onyx
and silver table, and the principal and teach
ers of the John Swett Grammar School con
tributed a salad set.
The bride, who is a member of the Whatso
ever Circle of the King's Daughters, was re
membered by her colleagues with a beautiful
berry spoon, and the groom's mother and sif
ter gave her a gold chatelain watch, and the
groom a gold timepiece.
Other gifts included a hand-painted platter
from Mr. and Mrs. John Herron. berry dish
from Mr. and Mrs. J. Landers, Venetian vase
from Mr. and Mrs. R. H. Hale, Che.sley vase
from C. E. Stan bridge, hand painted teaset
from Mr. and Mrs. W. J Thompson, olive fork
from Colonel and Mrs. E. J. Walker, chocolate
set from Mrs. H. A. Hayden of Sauta Clara,
i silver n-a«poons from Mr. and Mrs. Rolla V.
Watt, almond spoons and forks from B. M. de
j Lamater of Jackson, pie knife from B. F. Gray
! son of Ann Arbor, Mich., berry spoon and
' sugar tones from Mr. and Mrs. B. L. Wey
mouth, pickle fork from H.L. Haeh), paintings :
from Mr. and Mrs. J. F. Smith, silver tea
moons nnd clock from Mr. Cojjßin, carving
' set from Mr. •■nd Mrs. C. W. Mack, silver set
i from Mr. and Mrs. Penniman.
The groom's gift to his bride was a brooch in
the shave of k fleur de Us sot in pearls, and to j
i his best man a wreath pin set in pearls. The
! bride gave her maid of honor a brooch in the
I shape of a wreath, with pearl settings.
The young ladies of the Silver Cros» Circle,
i of which the groom's sister is leader, assisted
the couple in receiving.
ENGAGEMENTS
•elaborate preparations for
Fashionable Summer Cere
monies.
Mr. and Mrs. H. Goldstein announce the en- j
gasement of their daughter Lillie to Henry i
Qoldstona of this City, formerly of Port- j
land, Or.
The wedding of Miss Emma C. Fautz and
August A. Cavagnaro will take place at the !
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and Mrs. |
William Fautz, on Wednesday, Juiy 1.
S. Jacobs announces the engagement of his
daughter Becky to Isador Joseph. They will j
receive on Bonday, July 5, at 723 Turk street, j
between - and 5 i\ >i.
The engagement has been announced of
Colonel Oscar F. Long of the United States
army ana Miss Amy Requa of. Piedmont, Ala
meda County. The bride to be is the daughter
of Isaac L. Requa, President of the Central Pa
cific Railroad, and one of the wealthiest men
on the coast. He mnde an immense fortune;
in mining on the Comstock in bonanza times, I
and moved to the bay, where he purchased the i
elegant property at Piedmont, where the fam- j
ily have resided ever since.
Miss Requa necompanied her mother ana j
Miss Julia Croeker to Washington last fall and |
made her debut at a reception piven by Sen
ator and Mrs. Brice. It was while in t lie Na
tional capital that she me t Colonel Long, and
an eugaeement ensued.
The groom, who is a New Yorker, entered
We-t Point July 1, 1H72, and in 187« was ap
pointed to the Fifth Infantry, in 1881 was
made First lieutenant aid in 1692 a captain
and assis-.fln' quartermaster, which position he
filled at Washington until recently, wiien he <
was transferred to the Presidio. While at ]
Washington lie organized aid had charge of
the district militia with tne rank or colonel.
Mr. and Mrs. Milton Andros have issued in
vitations for the marriage of their daughter,
Helen Milton, to Louis Theodore Henestler, to
be solemnized on Tuesday evening, June 30, at
the First Unitarian Church.
MUSICALE
Benefit Concert in Aid of the
Nursery for Homeless
Children.
The concert given for the benefit of the
Nursery for Homeless Children last Tuesday
evening at Odd Fellows' Hall was a success, j
Following wbh the programme: (a) Warum '
(Schumann), (b) Serenade (Pierne), strings;
basso ari>t from "Nabuccodonosor" (Verdi),
John McAuliffe; fantaisie from "li Trovatore," '
violin and piano (Alard), Mr. and Mrs. Noah
Brandt; aria from "Tannhauiier" (Wagner).
Mme. Emilia Tojetti; "Chimes of Sydney,"
harp solo (Marquardt), Mme. Breitsohuck-
Maiquardt; "Valse de Concert" (Saint
.Sbciis;, Miss Hilda Newman and strings;
"Winds in the Trees" (Gotiring-Thonias), Mme.
Tojetti and Mme. MHrqnnrdt; (a) "(hante
d'Amour," (b) mazurka (Paderewski), R. A.
Lucchesi; (a) reverie, (6) "Momento Musicale"
(Lucchesi), strings.
IN THE FUTURE
A Number of Interesting Social
Gatherings Announced for
the Coming Week.
The Independence Social Club will celebrate
the first anniversary of its organization on
Friday evening, July 3, by giving a select en
tertainment and social dance at Mozart Hall,
1358 Market street.
A proeramme of interesting exercises will be
presented, commencing at 8 o'clock. The p p
ular little favorites May Flower, Amanda
Kropp and Juliet Chandler are engaged to re
peat their graceful fancy dances, etc., in com
pliance with numerous requests, and other
good things are promised on the programme.
Court Golden Gate Social Club will hold its
second family outing at California Schuetzen
Park, on Sunday, July 12.
Independence Social Club will give a social
dance at Mozart Hall, 1358 Market street,
Friday evening, July 3.
The Peerless Athletic Club has issued invita
tions for an athletic exhibition at their club
rooms, 2523 Howard street, Tuesday evening:,
June 30. •
SOME ENJOYABLE
CLUB GATHERINGS.
Fashionable Organizations
Entertain Their
Friends.
The Xavier Literary Club Cele
brates Its Second Anni
versary.
The Welcomes Ho.d Their S?cond
Annual Outing Party — Aqua
Pura Entertainment.
The celebration of the second anniversary of
the Xavier Literary Club took the form of a
banquet, held on Thursday evenine at a down
town restaurant.
The chairman had prepared an interesting
programme of appropriate toasts, which were
responded to by a few of the guests.
Red and white, the club's colors, were used
in decorating.
Music occupied the early part of the evening,
together with bright conversation, and at 8:30
o'clock the party adjourned to the dining-hall.
The decorations here were unusually attrac
tive. One large tab;e and two small ones had
been arranged for all, and they were adorned
with flowers.
The menu was written upon four heart
shaped cards, tied with red aud white ribbon.
A card was laid at each plate, and the red rib
bon was festooned about the table.
As the club is a literary one, the courses were
written In French, German and Latin, and the
translating afforded great fun for all.
The white and red coloring was carried out
in the menu. The toasts were exceptionally
good.
Frank Mahoney acted as toastmaster.
Miss Nettie Beardsley very cleverly related
some amusing incidents aud paid a high
tribute to the members for the friendnhip they
extended to one another. James O'Connor
followed, speaking ''Upon What Ought to Be
Done Next Year." The suggestions offered
caused a great deal of merriment. Miss Annie
Devine took for her subject, "Our Absent Mem
bers." Eugene Lacey followed with a toast to
the ladies congratulating them hcartilv upon
being members of the club.
Thetohslto the gentlemen was given by Miss
Sadie Gibbons. Her remarks were witty and
greatly enjoyed.
The programme closed with a toast to Dick
ens, by Miss Tejsie Roche.
The Fruitvale dub of '95 began its '96
social seanon on Saturday night with a very
enjoyable lall at Foresters' Hall. Refresh
ments were served throuehout the evening,
arid dancing was the general order until early |
the next morning. The club was organized for
the purpo.se of looking into local matters of in
terest as well as social enjoyment. The com
mittee in charge of last Saturday evening's
entertainment consisted of Mrs. P. L. Baksett,
Mrs. F. O. Irwin and Miss Lettie Bishop. J. K.
Jeffress acted hs floor manager. The officers of .
the c nb are: J. K. Jeffress, president; Mrs. P. j
L. Basse tt, vice-president; F. 0. Irwin, secre
tary; Frank Erwin, treasurer.
Last Tuesday evening, June 23, Aqua Pura
Social Ciub gave a benefit entertainment at
its hall, 927 Mission street. The hnll wa*
crowded and the several numbers on the pro
gramme, which was as follows, were well re
ce vet: Vocal solo. Miss Lottie Hesler; recita
tion. Miss May Duplissea; whistling solo, Miss
Daisy White; recitation, Edward Porter; piano
solo, Mrs. Annie Lyttel: musical »electi< ns,
Jess Fawcett ; recitation, Mr. Dalziel; selections,
Ed Jewell. Theeutertainmentconcluded with
the fnrce, "An Obstinate Family.' The caat
wus us follows: Mr. Harwood, Harry Simard;
Mr?. Harwoori, Miss E.D.Davis; Henry Har
ford, A. E. Oge; Jesßy Hanora, Miss Maniie
Wyckoff; James, Gerard Wils; Lucy, Miss
Sn'die Burke. Dancing concluded the evening's
entertainment.
Tne second annual outing of the ''Wel
comes" was held hi Tamaipais Villa Sunday,
June 21. The day wa- very pleasantly passed
in dancing. The toilowing* members were
present: Miss Kranz, Miss Annie Heitman,
Miss Addle Gurtelius, Mis.« Dena Kitster, Miss
K.Desmond, Miss Annie Kaiser, Miss Gesine
Kruse, Miss Meia E.ilers, Miss Gesine Ehiers,
Miss H. l^ainpe. Miss Mac Nienstedt, Miss
Emma Goetz, Messrs. John Woh.er, Dr. F. H.
Cranz. L. H. Anthes, George Tietjen, William
Kaiser, Charles Kaiser, Herinxn Goetze,
AUolph Gudehus, Edward Nienstedt, H.
Hacker, Fred Noltemeier, E. Tietjen and Mr.
Ehiers.
HOME GATHERINGS
A Number of Charming Affairs
of the Past Week.
A piano recital was given by Miss Bertha G.
Grcenhood at her residence, 1309 Broadway,
on Saturday evening, when the ollowing pro
gramme was rendered: Duet, "Morning
Prayer" (Reinecke), Miss Senta Frese and Miss
Nellie Erskine; sonatine (Beethoven), Arthur
Gould; "Mermaid's Song," from "Oberon"
(Yon Weber), Mi<s Nellie Erskine; "Fleurette"
(Lichner), Miss Lolita Cody; sonatine (Pleyel;,
Miss Senta Frese; duct, scherzo (Low), Miss
Eva Farnlacher and Miss L. Cody; andante
and allegro (Kuhlak), Miss Hazel Prince;
valse No. 2 (uuraiKl). Miss Clara Nelson;
"Moonlight" (Bendei). Miss FloraCohen ; duet,
guitar and mandolin, Professor Hantisteban
and Miss Sadie Gould; valse, ''Styrlenue"
(Wollenhaupt), Miss Blanche Simon; "Home,
Sweet Home" (Lange), Miss Hazel Prince;
valse No. 10 (Chopin), Mrs. D. S. Dorn; "The
Whispering Zephyrs" (Wiemann-Jensen), Miss
Badie Gould; mazourka (Schulhoff), Miss Flora
Cohen.
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph L. Breyer celebrated the
ceremony of the Bar Mitzvab of their son
Jerome at their residence, 784 Stevenson
street, last Sunday evening. The many friends
who were present spem n most enjoyable
evening. A sumptuous dinner was served in
the spacious dining-room, which was hand
somely decorated for tne occasion. The Rev.
Dr. Fryer, who presided at the table, deliverea
a most eloquent address, which was responded
to by Jerome Breyer in a masterly and befit
ting manner. The young gentleman was the
recipient of many handsome and costly gifts.
Speeches were made by all the gentlemen and
many of the ladies present. W.Cohen acted
as oastruaster and acquitted himself admir
ably. Among those present were Mr. and
Mrs. J. L. Breyer, Dr. Fryer, Mr. and Mrs.
Meyerson, Mr. and Mrs. P. R. McNeill, Mr.
and Mrs. Edsall, Mr. and Mrs. W. Cohen, Mr.
and Mrs. G. Leopold, Mr. aid Mrs. J. Israelsky,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Steiner, Mr. and Mrs. H. Weis
of Oakland, Mr. and Mrs. M. Mnrkowitz. Mrs.
Horwitz, Mrs. Feierstein, Mrs: Lewis of Oak
land, the Misses Genevieve C. McNeil, He en
McNeill, Rachel Markowiiz, sarnh Wei* Rose
Weis, Helen Weis, C. Horwitz, J. Beirfielrt, S.
Breyer, T. Epstein, Mr. R .11 r of Los Angeles,
Fred L. Fuuge, Raymond Thompson, Jerome
Breyer, Roy McNeill, Hector McN'eill, Louie
Weis, Arthur Weis, Max Feierstein, Nathan
Feierstein and Ed ly Feierstein.
At the residence of Mr. and Mrs. A. F. Kroder,
2108 Howard street, last Thursday evening,
the seventh anniversary of their marriage was
celebrated. A programme, consisting of music,
speechmaking and dancing was thorousrnly
enjoyed. Among the guests were: Mrs. Quin
lan, Dr. Ferd Bush, Mr. and Mrs. J. M. Miller,
Mr. and Mrs. M. W. Dunham, Miss Raph Casey,
Miss M. Bouton, Lewis Classen, Miss May Mc-
Intire, Louis Gi-tz, Miss Katie Quadt, Miss
Mamie Quadt, Albert Tickner, Mr. and Mrs.
A. T. Kroder, Miss Bertha Oesting, Albert
Heslop, Miss Susie Schoen, Miss Ju.ia Hapers,
Miss Lillian Dawers, Victor And er, Miss Annie
Kramer, D. Shae, Miss May Deaney, Henry
Ochiert, Harry Chamberlain, Albert Quinlan,
Charles Stringier and John Kervin.
Wednesday afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Bernard
Peyton entertained the officers of the war
ships with elaborate luncheon at their home at
the Powder Works, near Santa Cruz. The
band from the cruiser Philadelphia was in at
tendance. Before luncheon the officers were
Bbown through the powder works, where they
saw how the smokeless powder is made.
A very enjoyable party was tendered to Miss
Grace Heydenaber at her residence in Ala
meda on the 20th inst. to celebrate her coming
of age. The evening was pleasantly spent in
singing, dancing and games, and at 12 o'clock
the guests adjourned to tfle dining-room,
where an elaborate repast was served. The
decorations consisted of pinks and sweet peas,
and the charming hostess was attired in a
handsome blue evenine dress. She was the re
cipient of many beautiful presents.
SAILED AWAY
Passenger List of the Steam-
ship Alameda, Which Sailed
THE 25TH.
Among the passengers sailing on the steam
ship Alameaa on Thursday, June 25, were:
For Honolulu— Dr. Winslow Anderson, wife
and maid, Mrs. J. M. Atherton, Mrs. John Bal
lard, Miss Gertiude Ballard, Fiank Bailard,
Dr. W. M. S. Beede, Mrs. M. M. Buckmann, W.
H. Cornwell Jr., Miss Blanche Cornwell, Miss
J. Cole, Captain J. C. Dart, Miss Bessie Foster
.French, Miss R. A. Jewell, R. Kennedy, Mrs. J.
C. McStay, Mrs. C. M. Shortridge and maid,
Miss Shortridge, Colonel J. H. Soper, Mrs.
Usner.
For Apia— William Churchill. United States
Cousul-General. Mrs. Churchill, P. Churchill.
For Auckland— R. A. Brown, John W. Gray,
E. L. Lawrence and son.
For Sydney— George J. Appleton and wife,
Miss Ethel Browning, Daniel Cronan, Frazer
Coulter, Mrs. Cnipman, Mrs. L. Davies, infant
and maid; T. T. French, Nat C. Goodwin and
valet, Miss May 'iraham, Clarence Handvsides
and wife, Dr. E. Shelton Horton and wife,
Arthur Hoops, J. H. Hurst, VViiiian Ingersol,
William Kellett, H. G. Kahlo, Miss Longland,
F. Longland, C. Longland. D. F. Longland,
Mrs. E. Melville, Miss Estelle Mortimer, G. B.
McLellan, A. B. McDonnell, Neil O'Brien,
L«wis Payne, A. J. Stoddard, W. W. Terry,
Miss Dorothy Usner, W. B. Veirs, Mrs. Walsh,
Miss B. Walsh and L. G. Woodthrop.
Join at Honolulu for Sydney— F. H. Rouse
and wife.
THE RICHELIEU CLUB
Meets and Holds Election of
the Officers for '96.
The Richelieu Club at its last meeting elected
the following officers: President, C. M. Harris;
vice-president, Dr. R. C. Coleman; treasurer,
I. Levy; recordiug secretary. G. Goldberg;
financial secretary, L. Joseph; sergeant-at
arms, D. D. Michael. Board ot directors — E.
Morris, H. Spiro and H. Beck. The club con
templates giving a private picnic in Juiy.
PERSONALS
Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Feigenbaum of 1208
Golden Gate avenue returned last Sunday after
a very pleasant visit to the northern part of
tbe State.
Mrp. Frank Johanson, Miss Stella Johanson
and MHster Ernst Johaneon returned borne on
the 21st inst. after having spent a year abroad.
They visited Finland, Germany, Denmark and
England.
Messrs. Henry Meyer and Matt Lindsay re
turned to the City on the 14th inst. on their
bicycles, after having spent a pleasant two
weeks in the Yosemite Valley.
Mi>s Barman, 520 Eddy street, will discon
tinue her day at home during the summer
months.
Dr. W. D. McCarthy, surgeon and major of
the First Infantry Regiment, N. G. C, has re
turned from a tour of the Eastern States, dur
ing which time he visited the hospitals in the
large cities, and represented the State of Cali
fornia at a meeting in Philadelphia of the mili
tary surgeons of the United States. His family
accompanied him.
Major William M. Maynadier, paymaster
United States army, and wife have removed
from the California Hotel, and are now
quartered at the Hotel Savoy.
Dr. and Mrs. Thomas L. Hiil have returned
from a six weeks' bicycle trip in Southern Cal
ifornia.
Charles F. O'Callaghan has returned from a
brief vacation trip to Victoria and Puget
Sound.
The Misses Leyison of 1818 Post street will
discontinue their day at home during the sum
mer season.
Misses Fannie and EllaSisenvlne have left
the City on a visit to Brookside farm, Napa.
Mrs. B. Klaber has discontinued her day at
home lor the summer.
Mrs. Maurice Summerfleld is on a visit to the
City and is stopping at 1535 Geary street.
AT THE DEL MAR
Recent arrivals at the Hotel del Mar in
clude: Miss C. Thurwachter, Miss Ella Thnr
wachter, Watsonville; L. J. Flynn, Galesburg,
111.; Thomas Sweeney, Mrs. A. Chapin, Miss H.
Lefevre, Oaklaua; Mrs. J. D. Sullivan, Miss
Nellie Sullivan, Miss Katie Sullivan, Master
Eugene Sullivau, Miss E. E. Garvey, Mrs. T. M.
Sullivan, Miss Bessie Molloy, Miss Agnes M.
Manning, Thomas P. Ross, W. S. Metlar, Mrs.
E. A. Heydenfeldt. Miss Elfin O. Heydenfeldt,
Miss Rosebud Heydenfeldt, Mrs. M. A. Kava
naugh, Miss Annie Kavanaugh, Mis Minnie
Daley. Miss Emma Russell, San Francisco;
Mrs. M. Berlinger, Byron, CaL
AT DUNCAN SPRINGS
Those registered at Duncan Springs this
weekaTe: W. D. Scurlock and wife, Bessie
Scurlock, G. W. McKean and wife, Hilda Mac
McKean, J. F. Lanpe, Captain Turner, Miss
Grace Love, Miss Ma<id Love, William Calli
nan, C. Holm and wife, Grace Corwin, Miss
Alma Holm, Master Neubert Holm, Miss An
nie Holm, San Francisco; H. C. Petray and
wile, Livermore; H. C. Petray Jr., Mr. and Mrs.
Corwin, Miss Neilie Petray, R. A. Petray,
Healdsburg.
At Soda Bay.
Among the late arrivals at Bodaßayare:
A. L. Paddock, H. P. Mann, William 11. Ham
mer, Miss A. H. Ames, Miss Gertrude Van Wyck,
Miss Edna Van Wyck, San Francisco; J. W.
Havens, Oakland; C. F. Rudolph, L. H. Van
Wyck, W. Law or, San Francisco; Miss M. M.
Fisher, Woodland; Mrs. J. H. Temple, Mrs. C.
F.Jones, Miss Jeanuette HUlman, J. T. Med
dock. San Francisco ; H. SlauxiHerbach and
family, Siinta Rosa.
NEW TO-DAT.
Tram P.S. Journal o/ Medicine.
Tp4@ . Prof.W.H.Peeke,
I J -dh /"^ who makes a special-
PilV^ of Epilepsy, has
II i 1 .-■^k without doubt treat-
JL JL ir^Jed ' and cured : more
cases than any living
ft -d Physician;
I l^*.Ok/| is astonish.
VUICU Ivehave
heard of
cases of 20 years' standing cured by
him. He publishes a valuable work
on this disease, • which he sends
with fa J. large bottle of his absolute
cure, free to any sufferer who may
send their P.O. and Express address.
We advise anyone wishing a cure
to address
*rof.W.H.PEEKE ) F.D. J 4CedarSt,N.Y.
GAYETY OVER THE
DEEP BLUE SEA.
Water Parties a Popular
and Fashionable Amuse
ment.
Dancing Aboard ?h ; p in Natty
Outing Suits Voted Great
Sport.
Marine Yacht Club Enjoys a Cruise
to Vallejo— Aboard the White
Wings.
As the season advances the water party
grows in favor. All the numerous yacht clubs
have planned excursions, for which invita
tions are being eagerly sought. Dancing in
natty yachting costume aboard ship is voted
great fun, and society during the past few
weeks has developed a remarkable number of
good sailors.
A joily party, consisting of several members
of the Marine Yacht Club and their lady
friends, had a pleasant cruise to Vallejo last
Sunday on the club flagship, the Volunteer.
Shortly after leaving the City a kodak fiend
was discovered amonjr the yachtsmen, and the
surreptitious manner he employed to obtain
snapshots of picturesque but unconscious
groups furnished a source of constant amuse
ment for the rest of the trio. During the sail
One of the members improvised some verses,
which were sung to the tunes of some of the
latest popular melodies. The songs contained
many good-natured hits on those present, and
were received with much laughter and ap
plause. The Volunteer Quartet, consisting of
Messrs. Moyce, Morse, Petty and Brooks, the
four benedicts of the club, rendered several
selections very creditably, and the musical
efforts of Morris and Pless were greatly appre
ciated. Every one had a good time, and a mer
rier lot of excursionists never returned to this
City than the party from the yacht Volunteer
late Sunday evening.
Among those present were: Mr. and Mrs. G.
W. Morse, Mr. and Mrs. D. D. Lowney, Mr. and
Mrs. Al Brooks, Mr, and Mrs. H. C. Moyce,
Miss Price, Miss Gudmunsen,Miss Carver, Miss
T. McCrosßor., Miss Sheean, Miss Gardiner,
Miss J. Swendsen, Miss Swendsen, Miss Moyce,
Miss Appfell, Messrs. R. E. McCrosson, £. P.
Phillips, Julius Seyden. W. G. Petty, Ed Mc-
Carthy, Harry Pless, George Engel, Arthur
Moyce, C. G. Larson, E. Gudmunsen, G. A.
Koch, Walter Johnson, Frank Martin, James
Buscelle and Mr. Morris.
On Wednesday last Miss Helen Chittenden
of Alameda entertained a number of her
friends on the yacht White Wings, Captain
Charles Chittenden in command.
The party left the pier at 9 o'clock with a
fine breeze; visited the wrecked ship Blair*
more and other points of interest on the bay.
At noon the anchor was dropped in a pretty
little cove near El Campo, and all hands as
sembled at the picnic grounds, where a boun
tiful lunch was spread. A cruise out to the
Heads and return rounded out the day, which
was most heartily enjoyed by all.
Those favored on the occasion were : Profes
sor James Hamilton Howe, Miss Helen Chit
tenden, Paul Chittenden, Miss Marie Walsh,
Fred Pancoast, Mrs. H. E. Andrews, Miss Els
ter, Miss Beritzhoff, Mrs. V. A. Derrick, M.D.,
Miss Helen J. Cone, Mr. and Mrs. Dunn, Miss
Mabel Dunn, Mrs. G. L. Fitz, Mrs. E. C. Daly,
Miss L. Hanford, M. Alta Castie, Mrs. H. H.
Castle, Miss Edith L. St. John, Miss Florence
M.Kimball, Herbert L. Kimball, Charles E.
Fryer, Miss Annie Fryer, Will Jones, Floyd.
Jones, Miss Lucy M. Chapman, James Wilcox,
Master Chittenden, F. M. Stocking, Miss Helen
B. Stocking.
NEW TO-DAT.
SOLE AGENTS FOR THB •
MAGQIONI KID GLOVES.
WONDERFUL
CASH SALE
IN SILKS!
An Overstocked Manufacturer requested
us to sell for him the following seasonable
Silks at less than their cost to manufac-
ture. JUST TO SPREAD THE FAME OP
OUR STORE. The result to you is
SILKS AT HALF PRICE!
HUNDREDS OP YARDS OF NEW
SILKS ALMOST GIVEN AWAY.
BROCADED
TAFFETA SILKS
The Choicest Designs,
Most Desirable Colorings
And Magnificent Qualities
AT
SOC
Regular Price $1.00 per Yard.
HOSIERY!
The Most Superior Values Ever
Offered in Hosiery.
LESS THAN HALF PRICE!
SEE THEM BEFORE THEY
ARE ALL SOLD.
LADIES '4-THREAD ■ f^ I"" -.-^
LISLE-THREAD HOSE . J^\g^
in Fast Black and in he £4 \J \> Fair,
correct shades of Tans at
No such values ever shown before.
CHILDREN'S FAST BLACK
COTTON HOSE, In narrow -4 p -
ribbed, wl.h spliced knees and I «^/>
doable hee s and toes : all A \J \m Pair,
sizes, 5 to 8»/2- at ,
Worm 35c per pair.
Store Will Be Closed Saturday, July 4th.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN & LEViNSON,
125, 127. 129, 131 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STOKE- 742 and 7*4 Market
Street.
Bay direct from manufacturers and save 40%.
AIIIf If PEDESTALS, Mantels,
lid V ¥ Table,. Ktc.
II IB I A ll Clty Hall !i( > uare '
VII I A J. & F. feESSKLKB.CALIFORNIA GOLD
MINES IN NEW YORK
Mackay Says $500,000,000
Can Be Taken From
the Mother Lode.
Gotham Hotel-Keepers Complain
ot Hard Times— Wedding of
Ella Sterling Cummins.
Gossip From the Eastern Metropolis
About Men and Women of the
Golden Coast.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 23.-New
York has a mining exchange with a Caii
fornian at tbe head of it I refer to the
Mining and Industrial Exchange at 45
New street and to Stephen H. Emmens,
its preside it. This newly organized in
stitution. 'iaving a membership already of
nearly :<"", has been organized on the plan
of mofi all stock exchanges, but its presi
dent, having large mining interests in
Calif rnia, proposes to push California
proi erties to the front.
■ have," said he, "been associated with
tin great mother lode mining belt of CaJi
f< nia ior several years past and it is my
i tea don so far as I am able to boom the
: tents of that wonderful gold-bearing
ode to the utmost. There are eight valu
able mines in Amador County of which I
have the honor to be president, and 1
have had them thoroughly investigated,
as have others, with the result that such
men and authorities as Clarence King,
ex-head of the United States Geological
Survey, and Professor Penrose, the pro
fessor of geology at the Chicago Univers
ity, pronounce the mother lode of Cali
fornia as the greatest gold-bearing min
eral section in the United States.
"Mining men all over California con
cede that the mother lode is far and
away ahead of any similar deposit known.
It is 110 miles long and covers five coun
ties. That is to say, it is visible from
croppings for that distance. How much
farther it extends it is hard to say, but for
that distance its existence is certain.
Clarence King and Professor Penrose were
acting at the time of their investigations
for Ferdinand W. Peck of the Chicaco
Auditorium. Mr. Peck is at the present
time associated with John W. Mackay,
' John P. Jones, J. B. Haggin and other
millionaires who are preparing and are at
the present time at work on a gigantic
mining scheme on the Fremont Grant in
Mnriposa County, founded for the purpose
of developing the mother lode. Mr. Peck
told me when last in New York, and you
are at liberty to quote me with the state
ment, that John Mackay believed it was
possible to take out $500,000,000, and that
he expected to do it with the aid of his
associates. Of course I represent but a
small section of the great lode, but I use
these facts to show those who are not fa
miliar with the case that it is the logical
gold-producing center of the United
States. I read not long ago, in The Call,
I believe, that the annual output of gold
for the fiscal year would be 25 per cent
over the record of last year dosing in July,
1896. lam of the impression that it will
be more than that, but those figures are at
least safe."
Mr. Emmens further stated that it was
the purpose of the exchange to appoint
agents in California to further promote
the sale of mines listed from that State,
and that every effort would be made to
do business with the European markets.
That Jir. Emmens stands well it will be
sufficiently convincing to state that he is
the inventor of Emmensite, the new ex
plosive recently adopted by the Govern
ment, and aside from being president of
the Amador Kaiiroad, he stands on a firm
personal and financial footing at Washing
ton. He has only recently returned from
California, where he has been for the last
two years pushing matters to a close for
the purpose of getting good mining deals
before the public.
Charles M. Maxwell of San Francisco
has been at the Holland House ior the
last few days aad will shortly return to
the coast, having closed a deal for some
gold mining properties in Yuba County.
A syndicate has been formed and an
eight-stamp mill is now in construction.
A force of twenty-five men will be put to
work immediately on his return, and by
the middle of the summer it is expected
that some unusual developments will be
made, as the indications thus far point to
rock that will go high in the assay era
crucible.
Mining appears to be- picking up from
all appearances and New York seems to
be full of buyers.
Mrs. Orrin Black arrived in this city last
week and is staying with friends at 23 West
Thirty-second street. Mrs. Black is here
for the purpose of doing some special work
on the Journal and will return to San
Francisco in about two months, preferring
it, a's she Fays, to "overgrown New York."
The wedding of Phillip Mi^hels and
Ella Sterling Cummins, at Chapel Hill,
N. J.. last Wednesday, was quite a roman
tic affair and was well attended by repre
sentatives ot the local literary colony.
J. B. Ferguson, tbe Bay District and In
gleside starter, is getting things in readi
ness to put up the Australian starting ma
chine at Gravesend. Tbe paraphernalia is
arriving daily and a trial is to be made
soon. Mr. Ferguson will also take in the
Montana circuit before returning to what
he says is the "finest country he ever
saw'' — California.
Police circles are echoing with the re
port that Commissioner M. A. Gunst of
r&ncisco is soon to make a visit to
ienus, Roosevelt and Conlon. When
M. A. arrives here every one of the finest
will have his hat brushed, knowing that
Mr. Gunst is a stickler for style.
I met an old Comstocker down on Wall
Btreet recently. He was holding forth to
a bevy of Easterners, and trying his best
to convince them that the West was the
only part of the earth that a young man
could find any real encouragement in.
"Why," said be, swinging his arm over
bis head, and bringing his fist down on
the paling of the Treasury steps, "I used
to get $90 a month in Gold Hill clerking in
a store in 1*7.:."
"Ninety dollars is no wages," ventured
a bystander.
"No wages?" inquired the Westerner,
leaning forward and looking knowingly at
the doubtfui one. "No wages? What?
Ninety dollars a month and a chance to
steal?"
Gold was pretty thick in those days.
* ♦ »
This summer in New York has been par
ticularly barren for the hotels. Some of
the big institutions claim to be losing
from three to five hundred dollars a day.
One would suppose that they would tire of
that kind of an occupation, but me
managers only wink knowingly and say
they will mane it all up and more too in
the winter. This coming season will be
very fruitful, owing to the campaign and
the existence of a sack, which will oc
casionally be deposited in the hotels.
Robert H. Davis..
A Terrier
That Can Kill His Weight
In Hawks.
Barney isn't pretty to look at and his
parentage is a matter of the purest con
jecture, but he is a terror to hawks, and in
consequence his master — for Barney is a
dog — prizes him more highly than the
most aristocratic St. Bernard ever whelped.
Mr. Murphy, Barney's owner, lives out
on Bernal Heights and conducts an estab
lishment where hens of high and low de
gree vie with each other in producing eggs
for the market and where succulent broil
ers may be obtained for a consideration.
Previous to his acquisition of Barney Mr.
Murphy's life was not a path of roses,
owing to the hawks that infest the
Heights.
Just as some particularly promising pul
let had reached marketable form and age
a sharp-eyed denizen of the upper air
would swoop down — a squawk, a whistle
of wings and another marauder had
dined at Mr. Murphy's expense. The
chicken rancher had about made up his
mind to give up the business when one
day a heated argument between a game
cock and a nondescript terrier about the
place gave him an idea.
"I'll give the lad as brings me a wounded
hawk a dollar," announced Mr. Murphy
that evening while at the neighboring gro
cery, and when the news got abroad he
soon had a collection of maimed hawks to
choose from.
A big red fellow with a broken wing
suited his purpose and that afternoon a
battle royal between the terrier and the
haw.k took place in Mr. Murphy's chicken
yard.
Of course the dog finally killed the
hawk, but not until he was badly cut by
the hawk's talons and beak. That was
three months ago, and since then Barney
has lived for nothing, apparently, but to
take a fall out of the entire hawk tribe. A
speck high up in tbe sky is sufficient to
make the bristles of his buck rise, and he
fairly beams as the bird nears the earth in
search of a chicken dinner.
Barney crawls along on his belly in the
direction of the unsuspecting chickens,
and just about the time the hawk stoops
for his prey he is quite certain to meet, in
stead, a chunky terrier with snapping
jaws, springine into the air in an effort to
catch him, and with an air that plainly
says:
"Just hold up a moment. Oh, I won't
do a thing to you."
Mr. Murphy has not lost a chicken by
hawks since Barney completed his educa
tion. Neighbors have learned of Barney's
accomplishments, and have tried to pur
chase and even steal him, but he is the
pride of Mr. Murphy's heart, and money
will not buy him.
The Legless
Man Who Coasts Down
The Grades.
A man entirely minus legs would be
about the last one to be picked out as lia
ble to entertain a desire to "coast" down
the steep hills of San Francisco, yet the
spectacle of such a man speeding on pre
cipitous grades is not unusual. There is
everything in use, and the man who turns
hillside pavements into a toboggan-slide
has come around to it by slow degrees.
He has only a few inches of the stumps of
his legs remaining. He moves around on
a very small and very low four-wheeled
contrivance, to which he is securely
strapped, and he has been here long
enough to be a familiar figure. On a level
he propels himself by semi-circular
affairs to which are affixed handles.
His progress on a levei is slow. On a grade
the propellers are used as brakes. Firmly
held down on the pavement, they make a
hissing sound as the wheels of the cart re
volve rapidly. Faster and faster spin the
wheels, until the lower part of the grade is
reached. Then the crippled man, who
has been gifted with a cool head and
stout arms, "puts on brakes" in earnest.
Horrified spectators, seeing him in the
middle of the grade, expect that he will be
dashed to pieces. Not he. On the con
trary, he handles his brakes with coolness
and certainly and never makes a miss in
stopping when he wishes.
The Lombard -
Street Man Who Placards
All the Trees.
Jacob Engle lives on the northeast cor
ner of Lombard and Flllmore streets.
Rose bushes are trained upon the sides of
his house. A smooth sward like a broad
ribbon of green lies between his house and
his boundary fences. On the south and
west of his home are growing hardy shade
trees of the evergreen variety. These were
set out by Mr. Engle personally, and lie
holds them in high recard. In fact, he
has for them a sort of Druidic attachment.
"They did not cost much and they would
not sell for much," he said when talking
about them, "but if you should ask me
how much they are worth to me I would
respond by asking what price you think I
would place on my wife and children. I
simply don't want to part with them.'*
But there may be some danger that the
trees on Lombard street will be cut down.
Mr. Engle has heard that the street may
be widened and ne has placed placards on
the trees warning every one to leave them
alone. These placards are read by all
passers. Mr. Engle thinks that the or
dinance concerning trees is sufficient to
protect his vegetable pet? against even the
Street Department, and he explains that
the Street Department is included in the
warning.
JAMES CARE INSOLVENT.
He Had Too Many Impecunious Friends
to Take Care OC
James J. Carr, a saloon-keeper at Larkin
and McAllister streets, has filed a petition
in insolvency. His liabilitas are $4333 65
and his assets $125.
Carr's failure is due to his ready response
to the delicate touch of impecunious
friends. He has notes which he thinks
are valuable, amounting to $4711. His
principal creditors are wholesale liqnor
dealers and the San Francisco Brewing
Company. Carr also owes the City $1000
on a forfeited bail bond.
A Family QnarrM.
Edward A. J. Linforth has filed a suit in
ejectment agßinst Alfred Linforth alleging he
illegally hoids the property of the estate of
Eliza Linforth, on Valencia street, near
Nineteenth.
Do not fail to read Thomas Slater* advertise
ment on page 30 for men.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
One of the greatest beauties of whist is
the drawing of inferences from the cards
played by your partner or adversary. To
win as many tricks as possible is always
good whist and laudable; to win more
than others playing the same hands is
satisfactory to the player and shows men
tal ability; but the keenest enjoyment
comes not from the number of tricks made,
but from a study of the motives that actu
ate a player, his reasoning and the work
ing of his mind, the locating of the un
played cards in the three unseen hands,
and then playing your own cards so as to
win a trict thai could not have been made
had the cards remaining unplayed not
been properly located. This is one ot the
reasons why good players prefer to play
against Btrong opponents. Every card
dropped on tne table by an expert is
played for some reason, and the other
players at once try to ascertain the mo
tive for the play. The novice is constantly
at a loss what to do and decides to "play
the card his thumb is on" for luck.
In the hands of good players every lead
or follow is in the nature of a puzzle which
the piayer offers for a solution and which
the other) work out according to their
ability. Naturally the player endeavors
to make the puzzle easy of solution for hia
partner and difficult for the adversaries.
But to do so players of the first class do
not play false cards when the only object
is to deceive. They can win without re
course to such play.
False cards played without a reason
that is, played simply as false cards — have
no place in whist, and rob the other play
ers at the table of their enjoyment. You
should remember that you have no more
right to deprive your associates of their
pleasure at whist than you would have to
mar their pleasure at a dinner by acting
in an uncouth and unseemly manner. Po
lite society requires you to conduct your
self conventionally, or you will not be tol
erated. Whist etiquette asks the same.
Many players advocate the study of the
rules, the leads and the follows, and insist
that all the recognized conventions shall
be respected, but if they happen to have a
partner who is not well posted they aban
don all their prin cirl-es at once because
their partner cannot understand the play
and they want to "fool the opponents."
Touching such players Pettis says: "He
lowers himself andinjures his reputation
who falsities his hand to the opponents
merely because his whilom partner may
not understand what is correct. What
would be thought of any one of three men
who took an ambitious fourth into occa
sional business council and who changed
his cherished policy of right to the delib
erate doing of wrong merely to keep pace
with the action of the uninstructed new
comer."
None of the fine endings, brilliant coups,
remarkable finesse and other good plays
by bright whist minds which are con
stantly published would have been possi
ble had the players at the table indulged
in false carding.
Take any of the hands illustrated show
ing some particular brilliant play; suosti
tute a false card or two in the early part of
the earne and see the result. These plays
which excite our keen admiration would
never take place. Hamilton says on this
subject:
"It is not in harmony with modern
scientific whist to play a false card under
any circumstances, not even when it de
ceives the adversaries only. If you, sec
ond hand, holding queen, knave and one
small, play queen, and if on th« return of
the suit the leader finesses the 10, reading
that you cannot have the knave, and your
knave wins, and if by that false play you
gain a trick, you have a tricK that byright
does not belong to you.
"There is no strategy, no merit, in the
play. You have practiced a cheap deceit
and nothing more. * * *
"If the piay of one false card is sanc
tioned so may the play of two, or you
may play one card conventionally and the
other not, and the integrity of the game is
gone. * * *
"If the right to play false is recognized
then there is no limit to the pernicious
and disintegrating practice. Besides, the
privilege to play false goes around the
table, and in the end you have been de
ceived as often as you have deceived
others. You may not hope to Decome
more adept in the play of false cards than
your opponents, for such play is devoid of
strategy, and the novice will outdo you."
False cards and irregular plays and
leads must not be confounded. The lat
ter are the spice of the game and prevent
it from becoming unpalatable. To divine
the reason for an irregular play is a pleas
ure, but there must be a reason beyond
mere deception. Ti;e better the player
the less can he afford to play false cards,
because he is always quoted as authority.
The poorer his partner the more rigidly
should he adhere to the rules, otherwise
the poor player, seem < the false leads and
follows, will imitate him at once, and the
game is ruined for all.
The world loves a good fighter — if he
puts up a clean, "square fight. So we love
a hard fighting wnist opponent. But we
demand a clean whist tighter. Elect the
class you wish to play in — bumblepuppy
or whist. If you enter the whist class
leave the puppy outdoors. Do not enter
the whist arena as a whist fighter and after
you are in use bumblepuppy tactics. If
] bumblepuppy is your choice, remain in
; your own class. Considerable discussion
j is going on about the play of second hand
I holding king and one small. Below is
I given a hand played last week with a va
riation of six tricks, depending upon i
whether second hand plays the king or
not on the first round.
King diamonds trump. East to lead.
TABLE 1.
(The winning card Is underscored )
Score: N. and & 2, E. Rn<l W. 11.
COMMENT.
East at each table opens with the fourth
besi club, holding A, J and three small.
Perhaps the absence of re-entry cards
justifies the play. We give the hand as
played. Whetlier the low lead is a trick
winner in this case depends on the play of
second hand. At table 1 it gained. If
East had opened with ace clubs and con
tinued with small on second round the
subsequent play would have been similar
to table 2.
Trick 2— West tries to lead through the
turned king. North has no good reason
•
WHIST
for covering what looks like a strengthen
ing card. East plays the green signal.
Trick 3— West chuckles.
Trick 5-^East cannot finesse as X is
marked with South.
Trick 9. It is not clear why South plays
his ace.
TABLE 2.
Score: N. and S. 3, E. and W. 5.
Trick I— West does not begin a call, as
he does not want trumps led through him.
Trick 4 — North must discontinue the
spades, as one opponent will trump and
the. other discard.
Trick 6 — West n akes an effort to obtain
the lead. He evidently located the X
hearts with his partner.
Trick 7 — North I as no choice but to lead
through the strong club suit. W r est must
take his partner'-* trick, as the ace clubs
is marked with East.
Trick B—The8 — The 10 0 is only a variation of
the tactics used at table 1, to lead through
the kins;. North, however, plays the king
and gains two tricks by the play. North
noted that East had not asked for trumps,
although he had opportunities to do so in
both spades and hearts.
WHISTLETS.
George L. Bunn, in the St. Paul Globe,
thus describes a pretty trump play:
"Another pretty point in trump play
arose in a practice game the other night;
a small club is turned by West; North
1> ads ace of trumps; East plays five: South
has the following hand: Spades, jack, 3;
hearts. 6, 5; clubs, X, 7; diamonds, A, X,
Q, J, 7, 6. 4. What should South play on
his partner's ace oi trump? Clearly the
King, for in all probability North has
both queen and jack of trumps, as with
out them he would not lead ace unless
he had seven trumps at least;
by throwing the king, South gets
out of the way and enables North to get
three swings and thereby probably to ex
haust all the adversaries' trumps. South
meanwhile indicating his great diamond
suit by his discards, while if South plays
his small trump his king wins the next
trick and he must either lead his diamonds
and have the suit shut out by an adverse
trump or he must lead one "of the other
suits, taking the chance of losing several
tricks in those suits by the attempt to put
his partner in. In the hand mentioned
four tricks are gained by throwing the
king, as North held six trumps with ace,
queen, jack and was thus enabled to draw
all the trumps b fore his singleton dia
mond was taken away from him."
The question of a woman's whist league
is being discussed. The Philadelphia Tel
egraph thus comments on the subject:
The large number of women whisters
from Philadelphia and other cities that
will attend the Brooklyn congress fur
nishes most conclusive evidence of the in
terest taken by the fair sex in the game,
and proves beyond doubt that in the future
women's whisi is a question that must be
seriously considered by all interested in the
game. * * ♦ Women in whist must
therefore be recognized either by giving
them co-equal rights with men in the
American Whist League or by the forma
tion of an associate' organization, which
will act in conjunction and harmony with
the A. W. L. upon all subjects of legisla
tion, and which will hold its own tourna
| ments, awarding the women's champion
ship of America to its champions.
For many reasons the latter plan appears
to be by far the more feasible and advan
tageous; that it snouid be got under
! way few will question, and that the time
I for launching it is the Brooklyn coneress
there can also be but little do;'bt.
"The following end situation occurred
in a practice game the past week: Three
cards are in each hand and trumps are
out; North has king, nine and five of dia
monds, East queen and six of diamonds
and jack of hearts; South seven and three
jof diamonds and queen of hearts; West
ten and eight of diamonds and the thir
teenth spade; North leads king of dia
monds and East throws queen of dia
monds, enabling West to win the next
I trick with the ten of diamonds and make
the thirteenth spade; whereas, by playing
low, West would win the next trick and
would be compelled to lose his heart to
Souths queen."
All the writers of whist news in the
Eastern papers say that in local whist cir
cles matters are very quiet just at present.
I All the "stars" are in Brooklyn, and many
j other players have gone to the country on
outing trips.
Hereafter the Tuesday, Thursday and
'■ Saturday night games at the Trist Dupli
cate Whist Club will be started promptly
'at 8:15 o'clock. The contest committee
i propose to enforce this rule strictly if it i 3
I possible to do so, and players arriving at
the clubrooms after that time will not be
given a chance to play if the tables have
been made up.
"You cannot favorably impress gentle
men with your game by thumping the
table upon the delivery of certain winning
cards that you happen to hold. You add
nothing to the score. The cards will win
just as surely if thrown with quiet dig
nity. C. D. P. H."
The Newark Call has this advice to
players training for a match :
"The whist brain of a player should
have complete rest for at least ten days
I previous to the game; in that time no
whist should be played; no debatable or
knotty questions shouKi be entertained ;
no study nor solving of problems should
be indulged in. In this manner one com
mences with a fresh, vigorous mind, and
is much better able to retain his powers
longer than when he is ' whist stale.' "
The whist editor-in-chief of The Call
started lor the Brooklyn congress, but has
not been heard of since he met President
Schwab, and report has it that he is lost in
RoDinson County.
To students: In the middle of a hand
South leads the 6 of spades, second hand
plays 7; North, holding X, 9, 8,4. plays X,
and the trick is taken by fourth hand witti
the A. Five better than the 6 are ac
counted for. If you were North and strong
in trumps would you exhaust trumps and
give your partner a spade?
If you hold A, Q, 10 and 3 of trumps and
y our partner leads the 9 of trumps, second
hand plays 2, what would you do?
If a player leads the ace and follows
with the 10 how many cards has he in
suit; what does he show and what does he
deny?
If" he leads the king and it win 3 and
he follows with the knave what does he
show and deny?
If he leads the ace and follows with 9
what has he and how many cards in suit?
If he leads the knave and" follows it with
the ace how many cards in suit has he?
If he leads the knave and follows it with
the queen what has he?
If you are second hand holding A, X
and 10 of a plain suit what would you
play on a 7 led?
Holding X, Q, 10 and 4 what would you
play second hand on 7 led?
Holding X J only, what would you play
second hand on an 8 led?
An ending for students.
A trick is often lost by careless play at
the end of a hand. Here is an illustration
of an ending which came in local play last
week. It is simple, but illustrates how
easily careless or thoughtless play can
lo se.
There are two cards remaining in each
and. South has the lead and holds the
best trump and a losing twelfth card of a
plain suit, the best being with one of the
opponents. North is marked with a
trump, but its size is not known to South.
There is also a trump with each of the
opponents.
The thoughtless player will lead the
best trump to draw the remaining trump
of the adversaries and then lay down the
losing plain suit card. A very little re
flection will show that the only chance to
make both tricks is to lead the plain suit
card. If North has a better trump than
the opponent, who has none of the suit led,
he will win and the best trump must make
the last trick. If North has not a better
trump than the opponents nothing is lost,
! as in that case North and South can make
but one trick.
ANSWERS TO QUERIES.
A. B. C— There is no direct penalty for
saying to your partner "You call a lead."
It is only a breach of etiquette. A "breach
of etiquette" is not punishable under the
rules. The only remedy is to cease to play
with those who habitually disregard the
etiquette of the game.
L. S. M. — If fourth hand draws a card
before second hand plays, intimating by
his manner that he can take the trick, or
if a player leads a card and before all have
played draws another, intimating that the
card led will win and that he will have
another lead, no penalty can be exacted.
It is only a violation of whist etiquette.
It is playing "signs," not signals.
S. S. — Tbe answer to problem No. 6 will
not be published until the solution is given
in "Whist" in the June number.
Several queries remain unanswered,
awaiting the return of the Whist editor
from the Brooklyn congress.
PRIZE PROBLEM.
The problem given below is from Pro
fessor C. Harold Howard. It is unique in
that all the cards can be placed after the
fourth round.
A prize of a dozen packs of playing cards
will be given for the best correct answer.
North's hand and the play of the first
four tricks is given. From this read every
card in the other hands. North's hand:
♦ A
O A 10 9 4 3
* 1965
O J 9 4
King diamonds trumps. South to lead.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
The Composite Lighter Renown
Has a Successful Trial
Trip.
Loss of the Scottish Dales on One of
the Islands of the Fiji
Group.
Stewart Menzies & Co.'s new boat, the
Renown, had her trial trip on the bay
yesterday. Her machinery stood all tbe
j strain of a first trip, and, with the excep
j tion of a hot journal, there was not a
j hitch from start to finish. The Renown is
a flat-bottomed lighter.
Since the loading: and unloading of ves
sels at Sausalito and Port Costa have grown
to large proportions the stevedores have
been put to great straits on occasions to
discharge and load them. Captain Men
zies determined to do away with this
difficulty, so he had the Renown built. By
means of a simple contrivance her hoist
ing machinery can be connected with the
| propeller, and under full steam the strange
craft can make about six knots an hour.
The machinery was built by Murray Bros.,
and yesterday, without any preliminary
work in order to get the bearings into good
working shape, the Renown made the trip
to Sausalito and back in good time. Cap
tain Menzies is not satisfied, however, and
intends putting a large propeller in the
strange-looking craft in order to make
better time.
In making the trip across the bay Fred
G. Wilson acted as master, and to do so he
had to pass an examination and get out a
pilot's license. The Renown was steered
by means of ropes and Captain Wilson
showed his thorough knowledge of the
tide rip :in the bay by the manner in
which he eot his vessel inshore, and took
adiMintaKe of every eddy and current.
The Renown towed to Sausalito the
boats of the British ships Verejean, Ley
land Brothers, Beechbar.k and Almora, all
of which took part in the regatta.
The war between the Southern Pacific
and the river pilots has only just begun
and the latter are determined to have
damages. In its answer to the complaint
filed by the pilots, the railroad company
says that R. A. Paul was never employed
as a pilot on the steamer Apache, but only
as a wheelman, and that, therefore, no law
was violated. This statement is supported
by the affidavits of Cbarles Tnompson, F.
A. Fish, K. A. White and R. A. Paul.
The pilots say that they will prove that
the Modoc and Apache have always been
steered with steam gear and that for years
past there never has been anybody in the
Eilot-house save the captain and the pilot,
v this way they expect to prove their case
and make the railroad company pay dam
ages.
The yachts of the various clubs started
on an excursion to Vallejo yesterday
afternoon. The San Francisco, Corinthian
and California clubs were well represented,
and with a wet sheet and a flowing sea
all should have made good passages. The
boats will lie off Vallejo all day and the
passengers and crews will visit the pretty
town and also Mare Island. A start for
home will be made this afternoon and
both visitors and men will probably be
back in time for supper.
The pumps on the Blairmore gave out
again at the critical moment yesterday,
and the work of raising the sunken ship
had to be abandoned for another twenty
four hours.
The steamer Portland, which left here
on the 20th inst. for Seattle, has been in
trouble. She was caught in the recent
gale that has done so much damage on the
coast, and was unable to make headway
against it. She ran out of coal and some
of the woodwork had to be burned up in
order to get the vessel into Astoria. There
she took on board a fresh supply of fuel
and resumed her voyage to-day.
News reached the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday that the British ship Scottish
Dales, well known in this port, had gone
on one of tbe islands of the Fijian group
and had become a total loss. The crew
escaped and were landed at Suva, the capi
tal of Fiji, from which point they will be
sent to Melbourne or Sydney, Australia,
and thence to England. The Scottish Dales
went from here to the Sound and at
Tacoma loaded wheat for Port JtMrie, in
South Australia. She was not heard
from until to-day, when the news arrived
that she was a total wreck on the island of
Vatoa. She was a 1998-ton craft, built for
W. H. Ross <fe Co. in 1883.
The Pacific Mail Company's Rio de Jan
eiro and Acapuico both sailed to-day, the
former for the Orient and the latter for
Central American ports. Among the Rio's
passengers was George Wise, son of the
Collector of the Port, and in consequence
there was a ;big crowd of Federal officials
at the dock to see him off. Both vessels
went away with full cargoes, but very few
passengers.
The Occidental and Oriental Company's
NEW TO-DAT— DRY GOODS. ,?
GIGANTIC IPDRCHASI
urUnlVlliJ I u llUllrlUli
RIBBONS
; AT • . .
STUPENDOUS REDUCTIONS !
We have just uncased and this week place on sale a GIGANTIC
SPECIAL PURCHASE of Plain and Fancy Ribbons comprising THE
ENTIRE CLEAN UP OF A PROMINENT MANUFACTURER'S STOCK.
The purchase includes AN ENDLESS VARIEIY OF STYLES,
COLORINGS AND WIDTHS, MANUFACTURED TO SELL AS HIGH
AS 35c PER YARD, but was secured by us at such A TREMENDOUS
DISCOUNT that we are enabled to place the entire lot on our. coun-
ters and tables for immediate clearance at the uniform price of
5c per "STecrd.
PLAIN AND FANCY RIBBONS!
' j£L.t 5 Cents
FANCY RIBBONS, in stripes, worth 25c, will be offered at 5c a yard.
At £3 Cents.
FANCY RIBBONS, in stripes and figures, value 35c, will be offered at 5c a yard.
-A.t «3 Cents.
No. 16 GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted colors, value 20c, will be offered at 5c a
yard.
-A.t 5 Cents.
No. 22 GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, in assorted colors, value 25c, will be offered at 5c a
yard.
-£Lt 5 Cents.
FANCY MOIRE RIBBONS, in light colors, value and 40c, will be closed out at 5o
a yard. ... • •
EXTRA SPECIAL CLEARANCE ! ,
COLORED DRESS GOODS!
.A-t IS Cents.
109 pieces 28-INCH FRENCH PRINTED CH ALLIES, reduced from 25c to 15c a yard.
Jh-t 2O Cents. '-■/:'■ ■ ''.':.' : ': i
92 pieces 38-INCH ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED SUITING, reduced from 50c to 20c
a yard.
.A.* 2S Cents.
81 pieces 38-INCri FINE ALL-WOOL FANCY MIXED SUITING, in checks and
figured designs, reduced from 50c to 25c a yard.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
At 35 Cents. ;
25 pieces 38-INCH ENGLISH' FIGURED MOHAIRS, former price 60c, will be closed
out at 35c a yard.
■ >u~'o. ■ '.'■- •;•.•;,;..- .• At 45 Centa.
25 pieces 50-INCH ALL PURE WOOL STORM SERGE, reduced from 85c to 45c a yard.
ONE THOUSAND DOZEN :
LADIES' UNDRESSED KID GLOVES!
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED,
Worth SI.OQI w B out atl3sc a Pair
fB/m^*' MURPHY BUILDING, /
(/(/ Hartet Street comer tf Jones; /
»-AJNT ITEiANCISOO.
steamer Gaelic arrived from Hongkong
via Yokohama and Honolulu yesterday
evening. At first she was considered over
due, but when it became known that she
had to stop at Honolulu all anxiety
abated.
«—« — * — •
They Climb
Many Miles of Stairs
Every Year.
Two passengers on a Union-street cable
car were discussing stair-climbing as a
fairly steady occupation. Their remarks
led to an investigation concerning the
family who climb the most stairs of any
one in San Francisco to reach their front
door from the street level It is believed
that the occupants of a house on Union
street, on the south side, just above Tay
lor, have this distinction. They climb
sixty stairs, In three flights, every time
they pass between the street and their
home. This, of course, does not place
them in competition with the residents of
Telegraph Hill who climb from Sansome
street up to the summit of that hill. They
are in another class, for their steps are
practically up a literal ''air line" from one
block to another. Allowing that any per
son passes over sixty stairs three times
each way per diem, and that the steps
are 8 inches high on the averaee, this in
volves stair climbing and descending to
the amount of 87,600 feet per annum.
INDORSE COMRADE M'KINLEY.
The Array and Navy Republican League
Expresses It* Sentiments.
At a meeting of the executive council,
members of the staff and representatives
generally from the different camps of the
Army and Navy Republican League |of
California, held' at their headquarters,2 6
O'Farrell street, on the evening of June 22,
pursuant to the call of the comraander-in
chief, the following resolutions were unani
mously adopted amid great enthusiasm:
Resolved, That in the nomination ot Comrade
William McKinley for the office of President of
the United States by the St. Louis Convention,
the soldiers of : the country have , the proud
satisfaction ot knowing that in him, as the
chief executive of the Nation, they will have a
friend and ; sympathizer instead of an enemy
and oppressor; that they can depend upon
fair treatment at his hands, and, to say the
least, the fact of having served in defense of
the Union, other things being equal, will not
be deemed an offense and as tending to make
one a "persona non grata" with the adminis
tration. |
Resolved, That a copy of the above resolu
tions be sent to Major William McKinley, ,
1 .:■." ■ -■.- """ " . ' » — «■ — — :
Edwards Davis to Lecture.
The Rev. Edwards Davis of Oakland will ad
dress the Good Citizenship meeting at Metro
politan Tempie this afternoon.
Sued on a Note.
Asa B. Bronson has sued W. H. H. Hart,
Abner Doble and J. S, Emery for $1500 and in
terest due on a promissory note issued by
Hart to Doble and Emery and by them, trans
ferred to Bronson.
— : • #■ »
Y. 81. C. A. Meeting.
This (Sunday) afternoon at 3 o'clock Rev. O.
H. Gruver, pastor of the First English Evan
gelical Lutheran Church, will address young
men at the Christian Association Hall, Mason
and Ellis streets. The service will be free to
all young men. Mr. Gruver's theme will be,
"The Secret of Getting Knowledge."
Christian Endeavor Gxcnrgion.
There will be a Christian Endeavor excur
sion to Glenwood July 4, to enrich the '97
fund. A good time is looked for, and all are
cordially, invited to attend. The train will
leave the foot of Market street at 9:15 a. I m.,
Saturday. Round trip, $1 25. , ..
i — ■— — — —^^— —^—^^^^^
HEALD'S
Business College,
24 Post St, San Francisco.
THE LEADING COMMERCIAL SCHOOL
west of Chicago. BooKkeeplag, penmnnship,
business practice, shorthand (I'itmnn, Graham,
Kclectic), typewriting, tele&raphy, modern lan-
guages, i.nKlish branches and everything pertain-
ing to a business education rapidly taught.
Department of Electrical Engineering in success-
ful operation.
Individual instruction, 20 teachers. Night ses-
sions in all departments. students can com-
mence at any time. Thousands of graduates in
positions. Write for catalogue.
THE OAKLAND SEMINARY,
T^STABLISHED 1858. 528 ELEVENTH ST.
| JCJ cor. Clay. Airs. M. K. Blake. Principal: T. D.
i Adams, A.M.. master; Mary ■. Allen. A.8.. pre-
ceptress. Best of accommodations for boarding or
I day pupils. Includes from kindergarten to unl-
j verslty work. None but teachers of large culture
I and experience. Special attention to Art, Music
Oratorical Work, Physical Culture and Deport-
ment. A safe and pleasant home school.
THE LYCEUn.
PREPARATORY SCHOOL FOR THE UNI-
X versity, Law nnd Medical Colleges. Admission
on recommendation. .Mnnv students have beea
; successfully prepared at this school. Da»- and
evening sessions. References, President Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building, Nos.
333-336. PROP. Ju. H. GRAU, Principal, late of
Stanford Vniverslty.
nnm school (founded i576)7~
BOARDING AND DAY SCHOOL FOR BOYS
and young men. Prepares for university and
collece. Boarders limited to 36. Accredited
school with the universities. Easter term opens
1 Monday, August 3.
» REV. DR. E. B. SPALDIXQ, Rector.
2122
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Calx, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by mail .... 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 8.00
Dally and Sunday Calx* three months by mail 1.60
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mall 1-60
V Kxklt Call, one year, by mall 1-60
PTHE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
go, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALX to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
SO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
c an Francisco, California.
Cl.pbone ._ Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone ££. KalD-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay; eptn until
f:3O o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 l.krkii] street: open until 9:3o o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
■ntil 9 o'clock.
' 2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
116 street; open until 0 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Hooms 81 and 32, M Park Kow, New York City.
DAVID M. FOI.TZ. Special Agent- -
SUKfIAY JUNK 2«. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
c. ■ *
PATRIOTISM, PROTECTION
and PROSPERITY.
FOR PRESIDENT
WILLIAM HcKINLEY, of Ohio
*OR VICK-PRESIDEXT
GARRET A. HOBART, of New Jersey
ELECTION NOVEMBER 3, 1896.
Rest to-day— register to-morrow.
This is the best day in the week not to
talk politics.
Our soil will raise fruit, but we need pro
tection to raise prices.
One of the best summer resorts is to re-
Eort to reading The Call.
Just thinK what would happen if Mrs.
Grundy should get into politics.
The money left from the Easter bonnet
affords but a scant allowance for the bath
ing suit.
.
The glorious Fourth this year will fairly
bubble over with patriotism. The people
feel that way.
Everybody can enjoy their summer holi
days this year for they know that better
times are coming.
Among other ways of giving Grover a
slam the Chicago convention may declare
loudly for free Cuba.
Chicago called tbe St. Louis convention
weather "just awful," but in a short time
St. Louis can talk back.
it is predicted that in Ohio this year all
the boy babies will be christened Mark
and all the girls Hanna.
To many a yearning family the biggest
money question of the season is how to
pay for the summer outing.
Century runs have become stale and flat
for bicyclists in tbe East, and all the rage
now is for double centuries.
Spain has undoubtedly learned she can
no longer rule Cuba, but she still cherishes
a hope that she may ruin it.
The public is indebted to Mr. Sharkey
for one thing. He changed the subject of
public controversy very neatly.
The San Franciscan is the only citizen
on earth who can go to the mountains or
the sea without leaving his town.
Daggett will never feel fully revenged
until he can drop the Democratic party
into a sewer or some other quiet place.
If it were not for the name of the thing
the Chicago convention would be adver
tised as a go-as-you-please football game.
Prominent Democrats will go to the
mountains instead of the seaside this sum
mer. They have heurd of a tidal wave
coming.
The New Yorkers are great on the in
vention of new slang, and now when a
man gets everything in sight they say he
has "hannaed the job."
Many a cautious old Democrat will talk
through his hat for his party all summer
and then vote for protection and good
business when he gets to the ballot-box.
When young Vanderbilt thonght he was
suffering from the pangs of love he was
eager to marry, but as soon as he found it
was the rheumatism he postponed the
affair.
If any of your friends have been foolish
enough to go off for the summer without
subscribing for The Call the best way to
give them all the home news is to send
them a copy.
Tolstoi says the coming generation will
be cleverer and more egotistical than the
present, and now the world waits for a
commentator to say whether the prophecy
contains a promise or a threat.
It is reported in New York that Warner
Miller said he would have a circus with
Platt, and Mr. Piatt replied that if such a
circus came off he could name the clown,
and thus does gentle repartee lighten the
tedium of the campaign.
It is believed ex-Governor Hogg of Texas
has permanently retired from politics, not
because he has said so, but because he
has been overheard calling the bicycle a
"dromedary for dudes and the cradle of
a crooked-back generation."
The New York Sun declares it is Cleve
land's craze to stay in the White House
that has driven the Democratic party into
the free-silver movement as a means of
getting rid of him, and there may be
something more in that sunburst than a
mere glitter.
The Kern Echo calls attention to the
fact that tbe reports of various State in
stitutions show the cost of maintaining an
inmate for a month at Ban Bernardino
Asylum to be $32 68, at Agnews $11 85,
Mendocino $25 89. Napa $12 03, Stockton
$10 91, Feeble-Minded Home $13 56. It
will be seen there is a wide enough gap
between some of these expenses to allow a
good-sized explanation to come in if one
,»ejg^»adx^ j
HISTORIC CONTINUITY.
The campaign before us. it is universally
conceded, marks an epoch when old things
terminate and new commence. The long
antagonism between the South and the
llepublican party, which made the South
ern States and their electoral votes solid
for Democracy, is over. The Southern
people have learned that Republicans are
not their enemies but their friends; that
protection does not injure them but
benefits them, and as a consequence they
are now turning aside from their preju
dices to consider their interests. This
change in the attitude of the South
changes the appearance of the whole po
litical situation, and it would seem that
new parties as well as new issues were
about to emerge from tbe crisis.
It is most fortunate at this juncture
that the Republican party has a candidate
whose personal record shows the historic
continuity of the party and attests the
truth that the party of protection, which
so many stalwart Southerners will sup
port this year, is the identical party
which they opposed under the leadership
of Lincoln and of Grant. Many things
have changed, but the llepublican party
has not changed. It tipholds to-day the
principles it asserted in ISGO and stands
steadfast for them, because those prin
ciples which were for the welfare of the
country then are for tbe welfare of the
country now and will be to the end of time.
The beginning of McKinley'a career car
ries us back to the war period and revives
ihe sacrei memories of the heroes who
died in defense of the Union and for tbe
liberty of the slave. As a boy of 18 he
entered the volunteer army and served
with distinguished merit during the whole
course of the war, emerging with the rank
of major, which he had won by arduous
service. By this war record he connects
us with the great days of Lincoln and
Grant and Sheridan and recalls to the
public mind the aspirations, the heroisms
and the patriotisms of those i'lustrious
men and of the party that sustained them
in power and strengthened their hands in
hours of danger and difficulty.
Entering public life almost immediately
at the close of the war Major McKinley
took part in the establishment of those
measures of reconstruction which secured
tbe maintenance by law of all that had
been gained by the sword. He was also a
leader in that wise Republican policy of
conciliation to tbe better class of the
Southern people which has made this a
Union of universal loyalty a3 well as of
law. By his services during this period
he brings the Republicanism of 18G5 into
unbroken connection with the Republi
canism of a period when there is no longer
a Southern question before the people or
any sectional issue to disturb the country.
It has been no accident of circumstance
that has brought this soldier boy of 1860,
this hpro statesman of the reconstruction
period, to the leadership of the Republi
can party at this crisis, when the intelli
gent and conservative men of North and
South will vote together for the restora
tion of the prosperity of their common
country. His leadership has come through
his genius, his integrity and his patriot
ism, acting in accord with the natural de
velopment of our National history. No
man in the whole Union is better fitted to
hold the high office of President of the
Nation as the country passes from the old
order to the new. Southern men as well
a3 Northern may delight to honor the
soldier candidate, whose record repre
sents the historic continuity of the Re
publican party, and wbo3e policy is a
pledge of patriotism, protection and pros
perity.
THE VOICE OF BUSINESS MEN.
The position of The Call, that because
of the wreck and ruin which the operation
of the Wilson-Gorman tariff has inflicted
upon the country the question of re
storing the McKinley schedule is naturally
and necessarily tne paramount issue, is
indorsed by manufacturers, fruit and to
bacco growers and business men of all
lines of trade. On another page will be
found interviews with many of the most
substantial manufacturers of and dealers
in special and general lines of commer
cial commodities, aud if any one has a
doubt as to these representative men
of California's industrial and commercial
interests feel, let him read the opinions of
these gentlemen. But whether the reader
believes or does not believe that protection
should be made the paramount issue, let
him read these interviews, for the informa
tion they furnish will be found an in
structive recital of facts.
It has been clear to the minds of the
business men of California for nearly three
years that a schedule of import taxes as high
if not higher than was provided for in what
is known as the McKinley act of 1890 is
needed to give proper encouragement to
the several lines of industry in this
State. The material, the energy and the
capital are now and have been waiting
for assurances that they can rely upon
the needed protection from business
wrecking competition of other countries.
Scarcely a manufacturer or exporter, so
far as The Call has been able to ascer
tain, thinks it would be wise to divert
public attention from the tariff question
by giving undue prominence to other is
sues. Not that the money question, a
manly foreign policy and reciprocal trade
relations with other countries are not mat
ters of great concern, but let us first look
to the foundation of the edifice and
strengthen it in all its parts. No
thinking man would say that the
country could be put upon a sound
business footing while such a law as the
present tariff act was operative, for both
experience and observation say it could
not. If the tariff question transcends all
others in importance it is because of the
demand of the trade and industries of the
country that it be given preference. It is
the cry for help from struggling mills,
factories and wage-earners that makes
protection the central thought.
FALSE PROPERTY APPRAISEMENT
It is a matter of very little consequence
whether tbe appraisement of property is
the full or the one-tenth of its value. It
is. uniformity of appraisement that ,is
wanted, and that is what are called small
taxpayers should demand and keep on de
manding until such a system of assessing
values is established as would be equita
ble. The spirit of California's revenue
laws intends that there shall be perfect
equality and fair appraisement, but cor
porations are permitted to undervalue
their property, while the private citizen,
unless he have a "pull," is compelled to
submit to an appraisement which not only
provides for his own taxes, but adds
enough to cover his proportion of the sum
necessary to make good the loss occasioned
by the undervaluation given to corpora
tions and others having influence with the
powers that be. ffi&ffiiflfrjflß
Undervaluation of property is not made
through ignorance. It is a deliberate pur
pose to disregard the law arid cover up the
act . with a thick layer of perjury. The
ratio of difference that is made between
the value of private and corporate ' : prop
erty in San Francisco has become so
glaringly unjust arid so unfriendly
to the middle and . lower cuss of prop
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1596.
erty-holders that some kind of a
remedy should be applied. But the rich
corporations are not the only ones that
are favored. There are very many pri
vate individuals who appear to know bow
to have their property greatly under
valued. There is no doubt at all that
were all property assessed in ratio to its
selling value taxes could be reduced enor
mously, and that is exactly what should
be done.
Some people do not seem to realize that
it is just as much of a crime to rob the
community as an organized government
as it is to rob a citizen by lying him out of
his money, but there is no difference, ex
cept that in lying tbe community out of
its just dues the perjurer robs the poor.
The position of some of our property
holders and the corporations generally is
that the original cost should be the basis
of appraisement, but it is not at all-ten
able. The earning power and oppor
tunity of property represent its true
value. The land upon which a very large
percentage of American towns and cities
stand was sold originally for $1 25
per acre, and it would be just as much
sense to appraise its value on that basis as
it would be to appraise the Market-street
Railway's property at the first cost of con
struction. If there is one feature of our
system of government that needs to be re
adjusted more than another it is tbe
method of appraisement of property
values.
THE FIELD OF ECONOMICS.
The story of the philosophy of eco
nomics is very much more interesting and
entertaining when the subject is partially
freed from political and ethical environ
ment. The field of the practical play of
economics reaches from producer to con
sumer, and between these two lie all the
machinery, appliances and agencies of
commerce. Between these two points,
producer and consumer, the entire oper
ation of cause and effect is confined, hence
if one epot is touched, whether in rudeness
or sympathy, an effect is produced which
is felt by producer and consumer, and all
that is between. The bounds of the com
ine; and going of every one are set, and be
tween them he is free to come and go, but
they interlace with the bounds of another
at some point, as does that one's interlace
with still another, hence there is no such
thing in existence as entire separateness.
Commerce strains and groans in effort
to reach the consumer, but the expense of
it all is charged to him. He carries, in
deed, tbe burden of cost of production and
transportation, including the expense of
all the intermediary agencies, commonly
called middlemen. The consumer is
separated from the producer by two, to
him, unsurmountable obstructions— time
and distance. But the rail or water com
merce-carrier undertakes to remove in
part these obstructions, and in ratio to the
carrier's ability to remove them is the
burden of the consumer lightened, and it
is right here that the importance of public
supervision of the charges of the com
mon carrier for the use of his transporta
tion facilities is made manifest. We say
public supervision because it is a matter
in which every participant in the move
ment from the producer's fields, to illus
trate, to the provision closet of the con
sumer has personal interest, which in turn
involves the business connection of every
intermediary factor and agency.
The farmer is free to sow or not that a
surplus may be left after supplying his own
| needs, but if he does restrict his product to
i his own needs he cripples the threshing
j machine, the elevator, the railway agencies
I and the distributor to consumers from
the final point of accumulation and dis
tribution, by causing a scarcity. As aeon
sequence, the consumer is loaded with an
extra burden which is likely to include in
creased charges by tbe elevator, railway
and all other intermediary agencies.
There is a point, of course, beyond which
the consumer trill not go. He will restrict
his expenditure by consuming coarser
food and wearing apparel when the bur
den becomes too great, and that is, in
fact, the only protection he has against
combinations to advance the cost of his
living beyond what his income justifies
his paying. In any event, however, the
farmer will have plenty for his own con
sumption.
If the product of the consumer (we mean
by consumer the industrial operative who
has to buy every article of consumption)
advances materially upon a permanent
basis his wages are likely to be advanced,
thus widening the difference between in
crease and expenditure and leaving him a
greater net difference. Now, assuming
that the farmer's products do not advance
in the same proportion, he is still fetter
circumstanced than the operative. The
smallest outlay of the farmer is for manu
factured goods; naturally so because the
very expensive items of consumption, such
as breadstuffs, meat and vegetables, to
gether with house rent, fuel and lighting,
cost him practically nothing at all. On
the other hand the largest expenditure of
the operative is for the very things the
farmer gets free, so in any event the
farmer could not have tha cause to com
plain that the operative would have.
The study of the philosophy of ap
plied economics could not help convincine
any fair-minded man that it is the first
duty of the Government to lighten the
burden of operatives by equalization, so to
speak. That is to say, conditions should
be so that there would be a reasonable and
just difference between expenditure and
income of the frugal and industrious
opeiative so as to leave him a net surplus.
When that is done, conditions should be
such that would make the farmer the
operative's only source of provisions and
breadstuffs supplies at prices full up to
where another advance would be checked
by outside competition, or, in other words,
up to where the farmsr had gone beyond
the protection which the Government
gives him, which should of course be
ample to leave him a margin of profit as
is secured to the industrial operative. The
application of the principles of protection
upon these lines would provide sufficient
encouragement to steady and sure wealth
expansion, and at the same lime prevent
an unjust distribution of wealth's in
creases. It is this kind of protection that
tbe Republican party has obligated itself
to give to the country.
THE WAY OF AN ENGLISH JUDGE.
The difference between the methods of
English and American courts when deal
ing with criminals is very marked. Annie
Dyer, the "baby-farmer" and child-mur
derer, whose awful crimes shocked the
civilized world a month ago, was convicted
after a trial lasting only two days, and two
weeks later she was hanged. An Ameri
can lawyer was present during the trial
and he came away thoroughly convinced
that the criminal court methods of Eng
land are very far superior to ours. He
was surprised to see a jury impaneled,
sworn and in the jury-box in less than
twenty minutes. Upon inquiry he found
that the court would not allow such ques
tion to be propounded as our courts per
mit. Tbe Judge simply wanted to know
that a man was of sound mind and good
habits. As to what his private opinion
might be or how much he might have
read about the case the court cared,
nothing. The Judge assumed as a matter
of course that an Englishman would be
true to his oath— that is, to divest his
mind of all prejudice and try the case on
its merits. That certainly was a high
compliment to the loyalty of Englishmen
to the written law of the land. It made
no difference to the court whether a juror
was or was not opposed to capital punish
ment. There was the law and that was
enough. The jury was not Impaneled to
moralize, but to vindicate the law of the
land.
The question of the sex of the prisoner
did not enter into the proceeding before the
court. The Judge wanted and would allow
nothing but clear, cold, hard facts to be
presented. He would allow no spread
eagle appeals to the sentimental side of
the jurors. He not only gave the prisoner
every possible opportunity to prove her in
nocence, but questioned the witnesses him
self to see if something in her favor could
not be revealed. The Judge sat there ap
parently indifferent to Great Britain, the
public or the prisoner. He represented
the law and was there to administer it. It
mattered not to him whether the prisoner
was a man or a woman, of noble or humble
birth. It was charged that the law had
been grossly violated. Naturally ne did
not believe it had been when the trial
opened. He could not, in his official capa
city, any more understand how a citizen of
England could violate a law of England
than a juror could fail to observe his oath to
try the case according to the law. But when
the evidence was all in, the case summed
up by the attorney? and the most had
been made of all extenuating circum
stances, the jury said the prisoner was
guilty, the Judere believed so, too. The
guilty one must be punished in the same
degree that she violated the law, and the
Judge, seeing nothing but an insulted and
outraged law, sent the prisoner away to
be hanged in a fortnight. How very much
there is need of such a Judge and jury in
San Francisco.
TROUBLE FOR THE DEMOCRACY
The latest from Governor Altgeld is that
he proposes to throw the Illinois delega
tion's vote to a man by the name of Sam
uel P. McConnell for President, and if he
fails to win on that line he will insist that
his friend McConnell be given the other
end of the ticket. That is all right, but
who discovered McConnell and what
about him? There was no man by that
name prominently mixed up in the Hay
market riots, but he must have done some
thing some time to have endeared him to
Altgeld. The Governor does everything
for a purpose, and there is a meaning in
springing the man McConnell, whoever he
may be, at the last hour before the Chi
cago nomination.
For some time the signs of the times
have pointed to a rupture between Altgeld
and the Boies and the Bland combina
tions, and at the State Convention the
other day Altgeld would not permit either
Boies' or Bland's agents to work up a
boom for their principal. Just what the
trouble is does not appear, but it is safe to
say that Altgeld is manipulating to have
himself re-elected Governor of Illinois. It
is very certain that Illinois will return a
McKinley electoral vote, but that does not
necessarily mean a Republican Governor.
So if Altgeld can give his man, McConnell,
the compliment, of the vote of the State
delegation for President or Vice- President
it may be that McConnel) will return the
compliment by securing to Altgeld in his
race for Governor such votes of the Chi
cago tough element as he does not already
own.
But however that may be, it means a
split in the silver wing of the Democracy
unless Altgeld has things pretty much his
own way. Altgeld hates Cleveland as he
never hated any other man. By ordering
troops toChicago during the Pullman strike
the President destroyed a good many feath
ers that Altgeld was getting ready to don.
The strike was the opportunity of Altgeld's
lifetime, and he knew it. He would have
gone to Chicago in his official capacity as
Governor, and made a life friend and
worker of every striker. It was a wonder
ful opportunity to play his kind of politics,
but Cleveland got in first, and since then
Altgeld has lived for the one purpose of
putting down the President and covering
him with thecontemptof every man whom
he could control. Aside from their poli
tico, Boies and Bland are men of high
character, and that being exactly what
Altgeld does not want in his campaign, no
doubt he has formed an alliance with the
McConnell ring. But in any event it will
make more trouble for the Chicago con
vention.
A BOX-PLEATED SKIRT.
The new skirts are cut with two gores in the
back, which form box-pleats. The one shown
here has in all seven gores, the two side gores
flowing wide at the foot and close fitted over
the hips. The great advantage gained by two
side gores is the permanent good shape, for
these gores do not stretch out of shape as a
wider and necessarily more bias gore would.
All fabrics are cut in this way, and the side
gores are usually cut straight at the front
edge; but if striped goods are used they may be
cut straight through the center, thus lining
the edges both bias aud making the stripes
meet at the seams. The back gores are cut with
the straight thread through the center in any
Black satin is etill as much used as any
other fabric for skirts to be worn with fancy
blouse waists or coat basques for full dress oc
casions. The latest thing is the lining of white
silk, finished with a plain binding of velveteen
or braid, the balayeuse ruffle being quite out of
date. The only stiffening now used is a band
of haircloth about six inches wide at the foot,
and even this is omitted in many skirts, the
flare depending on the proper cut and on the
body of the silk usea for lining.
Dresden silks are much used for separate
skirts, and recommefld themselves because
two or three different colors will generally har
monize with them, and so a great variety in
waist is possible. One of brown with black
satin threads, the flowera being indefinite
tones of violet, had a brown velvet coat basque,
a black satin waist and a waist of violet chiffon
trimmed with sable for evening wear.
The death is reported from London of Thomas
Charles Scott, fifth Earl of Clonmell, in the
peerage of Ireland. He was born in 1840, and
succeeded his brother in the earldom in 1891.
He was captain in the Rifle Brigade in 1874,
and was retired from the army as honorary
major la 188 L
A LIVING LANDMARK OF SAN
FRANCISCO.
The gradual but sure obliteration and ex
tinction of the landmarks of San Francisco
impresses the pioneer with a feeling of sad
ness that none but a pioneer can realize. As
he witnesses the destruction or demolition of
some time-honored structure, upon •which his
mind throngs with memories of the past, to
make room for some modern edifice, he is re
minded of the fact that he himself constitutes
one of the few human landmarks that are
rapidly passing and disappearing to make
place for a newer if not a better generation,
and as his gaze roams about him, scarcely able
to recognize a featnre of nature or of human
ity, a feeling of isolation, almost of desola
tion, oppresses him.
These reflections were evoked while the
writer, himself a pioneer, was visiting an aged
invalid a short time since, and prompts this
sketch of the career of a man who can justly
claim to be one of the pioneer founders of San
Francisco.
As a rule the lives of the early comers to
California are more replete witl. romantic and
dramatic incident than the lives of those
passed in the older-settled communities for a
like number of years. The life and career of
the subject of this sketch cannot fail to prove
interesting to the general reader, but espe
cially to those conversant with the political
history of the State from its origin, both as to
men and measures.
Ezekiel Wilson was born in Warner, N. 11.,
October 7, 1810. He is of honorable Scotch
and Irish descent. He arrived in California
in February, 1850. He mined at Murphys
Camp, in Calaveras County, for a short time,
but finding- tne life of a miner uncongenial,
he removed to San Francisco, and shortly after
Ezekicl Wilson.
[From a daguerrotypc taken in this City forty
years ago.]
opp nod a restaurant near the corner of Clay
aud Pike streets, in which he was quite suc
cessful. It was near the Postoflice at that
time. On the removal of the Postoffice, in
1851, he sought another location and ob
tained from Captain J. L. Folsom the
lot on the northwest corner of Rangome
and llalleck streets, upon which he erected a
building afterward kuown as "Wilson's Ex
change," it being the second brick building
erected upon Sausome street. It soon became
one of the most Doted hotels in San Francisco.
It was opened In December, 1851, and became
the popular resort for people all over the State,
especially for those connected with politics.
Its receipts uveraged from $17,000 to #20,000 a
inoiitti. It has more recently been known as
the "American Exchange." When the panic
of 1555-00 ensued, Mr. Wilson became the
proprietor of the Railroad House on Clay
street, running through to Commercial. By
this vocation he became extensively and popu
larly known.
In ISSD he joined the American party, by
whom he was elected a State Prison Di
rector, Mr. Wilson running ahead of his ticket
At this time the prison contained above 500
prisoners, but the extravagance and waste in
its management so disgusted him that upon
the meeting of the Legislature he went to Sac
ramento and consulting H. S. Foote and H. A.
Crab, noted members of the party, he suc
ceeded In having a bill passed that recon
structed the State prison management and
legislated himself and colleagues out of office
after haviug served some three months.
He was among the llrst to go to Nevada when
the mining excitement commenced there, but
not meeting with much success he soon
returned to San Francisco, and took an active
part in politics. His extensive and intimate
acquaintance with the politicians throughout
the State, and his universal popularity with
them, soon made him an important factor in
all political affairs, both as to men and
measures, which importance is recognized and
continues up to the present time, and to im
portant legislation and individual aspiration
alike he has been considered a political neces
sity ; and success in either case has been due in
numerous instances to his personal influence
an-1 advocacy. He has been identified politi
cally with the most noted measures and men
of nis time. He was a warm personal friend of
Broderick and Baker. He was allied with
Stanford, Sargent, Phelps, Low and the other
prominent men in affiliation with the Republi
can party la their political contests from the
origin of the party to the present time.
The passing of the Dill authorizing the Mer
cantile Library to cancel its debt of $190,000
by aid of a lottery was greatly due to his
personal influence and management Few
characters have wielded so great, and it may
be justly said, a better influence in the politics
of the State for the last forty years than old
uncle "Zeke" Wilson, as his numerous friends
affectionately term him.
Mr. Wilson was married in early life before
coming to California to Miss Shumway, a
most estimable lady of noted and honorable
Huguenot descent, who, it is sad to state, has
been stricken with grievous sickness in recent
years. They have had issue two children, one
ouly of whom survives, Miss Clara L., a charm
ing and accomplished youne lady, who is the
sunlight and joy of her lovin? parents.
Early in the sixties Mr. Wilson acquired
some eighty acres of land in what is now
known as the Richmond district in San Fran
cisco, a great portion of which, now laid out
in city lots, is still retained by him, aud which
it is gratifying to his friends to know, enables
him to p»ss the remainder of his days in his
lovely rural home almost in the heart of the
great city that he has seen grow up around
him, with his loved ones, and surrounded with
all the comfort and luxury that their hearts
can desire.
Although "Uncle Zeke" is now in age and
feebleness, his mind still remains clear and
lucid, and to sit with him and listen to his
reminiscences of the past, embellished with
anecdote and dramatic incident, and enhanced
by the genial, cordial hospitality of himself
and daughter in their beautiful home, is a rare
treat, and historically entertaining.
Among all of his contemporaries in the po
litical arena not an enemy exists, and there is
not one who has known him in all these years
who does not sincerely and heartily wish him
many continued years of life, comfort and
happiness. W. F. Swasky.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULIST VANTAGE-GROUND.
United, Aggressive, Terribly ix Earnest,
Populists Win Their Way.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
Superficial observers have a ludicrously in
adequate conception of the supreme vantage
ground held by the Populists in the present
campaign, failing, as they do, to note and con
sider the radical change in the political condi
tions which give a unique character to the
great contest now at hand. Such observers
will smile derisively over the claim that Popu
lists will win their way in the struggle now
fairly begun. Perhaps it would be unkind to
destroy their illusions. This letter, however,
is written for men who look beneath the sur
face and are not won or led by exploding pow
der, brass bands and lurid lights. It is written
with the full knowledge that there are such
men in large numbers at this time.
Such men are beginning to become impressed
with the surprising growth of the People's
party and the notable victories it has won
under such inauspicious conditions, finding
these results thus achieved full of significance
as compared with the present situation.
Adullamites they might well be called four
short years ago; unorganized, almost total
strangers to each other, lamentably deficient
in leadership, not free from lurking distrust
where clear confidence is essential, they never
theless went to battle against two great
National parties, well organized, thoroughly
disciplinea, full of confidence, bound by party
fealty, inspired and commanded by great
leaders, supplied with ample campaign funds,
the united lions eager foT victory, and it is
little wonder that the poverty-stricken Popu
lists were despised ana ridiculed till their
votes were reluctantly counted.
It need not be written down here that all
this is now changed. United, aggressive, ter
ribly in earnest, with trusted leaders and con
fidence in each other, aroused by impending
dauger and growing poorer and more depend
ent by harder times and constantly augment
ing burdens aud hardships, their rights more
ruthlessly invaded and their liberties in peril,
these once despised Populists, greatly in
creased and constantly increasing in numbers,
are now arrayed against divided, demoralized
and spiritless foes who are contending with
disorder and mutiny in their own ranks, their
old leaders discredited or given over to bitter
contention with each other, and it will indeed
be a marvelous thing if these Cromwell reform
ers shall fail to achieve great and durable vic
tories at the ballot-box in November.
But there is a mighty stir abroad in the
land and great States are aroused to enthusi
asm and deeds of moral heroism in one grand
rally lor free coinage of silver, and these gath
ering hosts are coming up to the help of the |
Populists as their allies and co-workers
in the cause of liberty and prosperity
and it now appears that the Popu
lists are not to fight the great battles of
this campaign alone. With these two great
forces combined and united on the same can
didates, with separate and distinct but not an
tagonistic platforms, and with daily and rap
idly increasing desertions from the silver
ranks of the Republican party, with the cer
tainty of like desertion of such silver Demo
crats as place the welfare of the country above
party and know that they cannot trust the old
disintegrating and decrepit party of their
former allegiance, ft does begin to look as if a
union party is about to arise at the great con
ventions in St. Louis July 22 which will over
throw the merciless and oppressive money
power and bring liberty and prosperity to our
country.
I believe that such a union of forces will be
consummated at St. Louis, but not by the in
dorsement of any Democratic candidates, and
that the union will not require the surrender
by the Populists of any of their cherished prin
ciples, for it must be remembered that Popu
lists are no longer loaded with obloquy and
confronted with the blind prejudice and dense
ignorance of the former Presidential cam
paign. At last the country begins to under
stand what Populists propose to do, and multi
tudes are finding out with great surprise that
they, too, desire the same things done and will
"vote for a change."
Perhaps the reader would like a few of the
specific facts on which the foregoing declara
tions are based, not so much to deepen his
convictions as to satisfy his desire for informa
tion. One of the most significant indications
of a serious rupture in the Republican party is
the defection of the Detroit Tribune, a leading
paper of the Middle and Western States and
the most influential journal in Michigan.
In leaving the old party it has served so well
it pronounces the surrender of the National
Convention at St. Louis to the gold men as
"damnably unpatriotic and un-Kepublican,"
and exhorts all silver men to repudiate the
party and join the silver forces, but not the
Democratic forces at Chicago. This action of
the Tribune will be sustained by the silver
men and Populists of Michigan, which will
insure the electoral vote of that State for the
Silver-Populist union candidate, while its bold
and patriotic example will influence other
journsls of like character. The Philadelphia
Item (Republican) with an average daily cir
culation of 193,290, issue June SSI, referring
to the financial plank of the Republican plat
form, says: "Republicans are now expected to
vote for the very thing that has ruined Demo
cratic prospects. Is it any wonder that Sen
ator Teller and other friends of the people left
the convention? The chief wonder is that
there remained a man in it."
Indeed, coming nearer home, one may look
long and far to find such a superb example of
"damning with faint praise" as that of the
Sacramento Bee's editorial June 22 on "A
June-time Frost," designating the Republican
ratification meeting by these chilling words.
Space may be given for the first sentence:
"Not all the roar of cannon, nor all the
blandishments of a brass band, could work up
Sacramento to anything like enthusiasm over
the nomination of McKinley." All who still
feel an interest in the dying Democratic party
will mourn over the death-mask of its ap
proaching dissolution, seeu in the failure of
its New York convention to name Presidential
electors in order that the party may vote the
Republican ticket. Connecticut proposes to
take the same course if silver controls the
Chicago convention. Other Democratic gold
States will doubtless withdraw their Presi
dential electors and vote with the Repuplicans.
The burial of the Democray will take place
on election day in November.
Joseph Asbcey Johnson.
II Essex street, San Francisco.
PERSONAL.
W. W.. Stebbins of England is at the Cali
fornia.
Theodor Meyer of New York City is a guest
at the Palace.
Dr. Hugh Mott of Cariboo. British Columbia,
is at the Rust.
J. C. Tice, traveling agent for Wells, Fargo &
Co.'s Express, is at the Grand.
John B. Treadwell, a merchant of Sacra
mento, arrived at the Grand yesterday.
A. Connor and wife and J. Smith and wife
are guests of the Palace, registered from Los
Angeles.
T. B. Mallory, proprietor of the Hotel Ra
mona, of Los Angeles, is making a visit at the
Occidental.
E. C. Adams, ex-Councilman of Fresno and a
business man of that city, is registered at the
Cosmopolitan Hotel.
J. 8. Diller, a member of the United States
Geological Survey, arrived at the Occidental
yesterday from Washington, D. C.
James Hamm of Philadelphia, a detective
who has been engaged in apprehending bank
forgers, arrived at the Russ yesterday from the
East.
John Morongo, a lullblooded and educated
Yuma Indian, is a guest at the Russ, having
arrived yesterday. He is registered from Ban
ning.
Colonel John Lane of Spokane, Wash., is at
the Occidental. He is Indian Inspector and
will make this City his headquarters for sev
eral weeks.
C. W. Garrett, a Supervisor of Fresno, and
his sister-in-law, Mrs. M. Garrett, are on a visit
to the City for a few days, and are staying at
the Cosmopolitan Hotel.
E. J. Bartlett of Massachusetts, one of the
proprietors of Hood's Sarsaparilla, has re
turned to the Grand after inspecting the books
of bis agents in the State.
Among the latest arrivals at the Cosmo
politan Hotel Is H. L. Rapelje, Deputy Sheriff
of Fresno, who.it will be remembered, cleverly
effected the capture of Evans and Sontag.
Alex Young, a sugar-planter of the Hawaiian
Islands, arrived at the Occidental yesterday
from the South, accompanied by his wife, Miss
Young and Miss B. R. Young. They are on
their way home to Honolulu.
Charles L. Donohoe, an attorney at Willows
and proprietor of the Willows Journal, is a
guest of his old friend Major Fahey at the Cos
mopolitan Hotel. In a few days he will start
for Alaska on a pleasure trip.
H. I. Wenham and C. W. Feeldlng of Kes
wick arrived at the Palace yesterday. They
are the principals of the English syndicate
that bought the Iron Mountain mine of Shasta
County, and they have come out to take
possession of the property.
Professor R. Allardice, Professor V. E. Kel
logg and Instructor S. W. Young of Stanford
University are at the California. They are the
last of the once formidable Bacherlor Club of
Palo Alto. Professor Kellogg appears so youth
ful that each year some unsophisticated fresh
man makes him a confidant of a plan whereby
they may together strike a blow at the sopho
mores, and afterwards the wonder grows how
the faculty learned of the intended coup.
S. de Dampiere, a large wine merchant, ar
rived at the Palace yesterday from his home
in Mazatlan, the Mexican town situated on one
of the prettiest bays and at the same time the
most dangerous little harbor on the westcoast.
The bay is sheltered on each side by small
islands, one of which, standing at the en
trance, towers perpendicularly to the height
of 200 feet and is surmounted by alight-towerr,
which is said to be the most elevated light
house In the world.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.-At the St.
Cloud— A. W. Eaton; Astor— W. R. Dudley;
Cosmopolitan— J. McMillian and wife; Grand
Union— C. D. Retter; Ashland— J. T. Valentine;
Belvedere— Mrs. and Miss L. Kalmark. Dr. A.
G. Rosenthalt Park Avenue— Mrs. H. Black.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Hall Came is already at work at a new novel
which is to deal, in part at least, with the
seamy side of London life.
It is an ill wind that blows no man good. A
poor man of St. Louis, Mo., has fallen heir to a
fortune of $150,000 left by an uncle killed in
the St. Louis tornado.
A clergyman of the Church of England who
gave his fortune of $100,000 to charity has
just died in the Market Bosworth workhouse
He had once been curate of the parish.
The faculty of Cornell University has elected
William H. Glasson, a graduate of the Troy
Hill School in the class of 1892, fellow in po
litical economy and finance for 1890-97.
The Russian Bishop of Kursch has orderod
his clergy to refrain from the "disgustinHy
bad habit of smoking tobacco, which Is qute
unbefitting for those who serve the altar.
Captain John T. Parker, an old sailor, p»*
sented a check on a Philadelphia bank recenty
for payment. The teller didn't know him aid
refused to pay the check unless he had sone
one to identify him. No one was near who*
Parker knew, and the teller asked him If Is
hadn't anything about his person that woull
identify him. Parker thought a little while
then pushed up his sleeve and bared his an,,
to the bank officer. Above the elbow ther
was tattooed his name in full, "John T. Pai
ker." "Good enough for me," said the tellei
ana he immeaiately handed out the money.
NEWSPAPER PLEASANTRY.
Briggs— Does your wife laugh when you tell:
her a funny story? •
Braggs— Oh, yes. I always tell her before
hand that it is Indianapolis Journal.
"Men are so conceited; when a man gets to
be forty he thinks that every woman that
looks at him is in love with him."
"Yes, but not because he is conceited; it is
because ho knows how irrational women
are. "—Chicago Record.
"It seems to me," shouted Uncle Allen Sparks
to the fleeing bloomer girl, whose bicycle had
given him a severe jolt at a crossing, "you
might stop a second or at least look around to
see whether you've knocked anybody down or
not. That would be the gentlemanly thins to
do."— Chicago Tribune.
Yeast— landlady says you are behind
with your board.
Crimsonbeak— Well, she's dead wrong. I'm
ahead, I owe her $45.— Yonkers Statesman.
■ — — —
The Georgia watermelon is a-growln' cool and
green,
An'll soon be pullln' heavy at the stem:
An' the knife, It needs a-wliettin' an' the blade is
gettin' keen,
O, the Georgia watermelon Is a gem !
Melons cool an' green—
The best you ever seen !
See the juice a-drippln 1
From them melons cool and green !
—Atlanta Constitution.
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend'*."
• — • — •
E. H. Black, painter, 120 Eddy street '
broke, jeweler, removed Alcazar bdg,' 118
O'Farrell Watches, jewelry, fans, repaired.*
» ♦ — •
Special information daily to manufacturer*.
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. '
All classes and conditions of society will be
gratified to learn that Putzman & Schurman
have the exclusive coast agency of the famous
"Golden Gale" brand of Kentucky whisky.
Their Prussian Stomach Bitters cure all stom
ach and nervous troubles. 341 Pine, corner
Montgomery, telephone, red, 391. *
• — ♦— •
The delegate was approached by a newspaper
representative. He was a breezy , enthusiastic
delegate ; one who seemed to be fairly bubbling
over with good material for an interview.
"What do you think of the situation?" the
reporter asked.
"What do I think? Young man, you utterly
mistake the nature of my employment. I'm
not here to think. I'm here to holler."—
ington Evening Star.
Official Route to Democratic National
Convention, Chicago.
Central Pacific, Union Pacific and Chicago and
Northwestern lines. Train carrying California
delegates will leave San i runcisco July 1 at 6 p. k.
bpecial rate for the round trip to Chicago 972.50.
Tickets on sale June 30 and July 1.
Sleeping-car reservations now on sale at Union
Pacific office, 1 Montgomery street. Call early so
as to secure best accommodations. D. \V. Hitch
cock, General Agent, San Francisco.
•— ♦ — •
Excursions to Grand Canyon of th«
Colorado.
An excellent opportunity for seeing this wonder
ful scenery at a nominal expense is afforded
through the excursions to leave San Francisco
June 20 and July 1 over the Atlantic and Pacific
Railroad. Fare includes stage trip from Flagstaff,
meals en route and hotel expenses at Canyon, $75.
For fall particulars call on or address Thos.
Cook <ft iron, excursion agents, 621 Market street,
under Palace Hotel, or any agent Atlantic sod
Pacific i'.ailrosul. H. V. Bush, assistant general
passenger agent, 61 Chronicle building, 8. P.
•—• — ♦ — *
Northern Pacific Kailroad
Parties attending the Democratic National Con
ventloo at Chicago, the Christian Endeavorers at
Washington and National Educational Associa
tion at Buffalo should go or return via the North
ern Pacific Railroad. For particulars inquire of
T. K. SUteler, Gen. Agt., 638 Market si., S. F.
« m »
The use of Dr. Siegert's Angostura Bitten ex
cites the appetite and keeps the digestive organs
in order. ' ■ ': '
» ♦ » - .
WirEjr 'you feel "as cross as a cat," a dose of
Ayer's Pills will make you as good-natured as' a
Kitten. Try them for biliousness.
■ . ♦ — » . '■
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp
son's Eye Water. Imigelsts sell It at 25 cents.
Moses M. Hobby, who has just died in Stam
ford, Conn., was for many years engaged in
teaching in New York. When Professor Henry
of the University of New York received from
Daguerre his newly invented process of tak
ing pictures Mr. Hobby was among the first
persons in this country to sit for a picture. He
received one of the first messages on Morse's
experimental telegraph wire.
JreW TO-DAY.
The
Best Yet !
' 4. i.
Going to make this week's "Drive Sale" the
climax of shoe-selling. Every shoe in the fol-
lowing list is good value at the regular price
quoted. The "Drive" price is like giving them
away. _
$2 Ladles' Tan Kid Lace Oxfords, hand- ©I"! A
turned soles, this week only »Ip J..J.V/
$1 78 Hisses' French Pebble Goat, bat'
ton, spring heel, square toe' and
pebble tip, size* 11 to 2, this week Ol 9A
only.. <pl«^w
$3 50 Men's Satin Calif Cork Soles, lace
shoes. These are out of season, but
you can save 8150 buying them
now: you'll need them when It rains QO A A
This week 0n1y..... •• «JSai.VMJ
92 50 Boys' Tan Lace Shoes, razor toe, ffl» 1 Q(\
sizes to 6; this week only «JpJ..OU
$2 Youths' Tan Lace Shoes, razor or ;
narrow square toe, sizes 11 to 2; <J>"l- y«r
r this week only *$>I.'±O
Can't pay charges to country on
"Drives."
Headquarters for Buckingham & Hecht's
Fine Snoes. Send for catalogue ; mailed free.
Kast's
738-740 Market Street.
% "There it is, in a Nutshell,"
&yiß*M Yn " nee(J an eD £ine, rye have one to sell:
\ljS*3"~ you take no chances, because we nuarantf^
WSt (ne llercitlks Gas and GasolinkEn-
rYou need an engine, have one to en-
you take no chances, because we £naranle«
the Hkrci;li» Gas and Oasoi.ink Kn-
oink. Runs as steadily as a steam en-
Eg gine; no danger, no engineer. Send for
' ''■ am ■■''" Catalogue and Price List to
< |1_ - American Type Founders" Co. :
; L,^ 400-407 Sansome Street, ,
1 • San Francisco, CaljHISTORIAN LEGKY
SAYS ALEXANDER HAMILTON WAS
WISER THAT JEFFERSON
"Democracy and Liberty," a History of Our Ovv'rx Time
In his recent book, "Democracy and Lib
erty," Mr. Lecky, who establ^hed his fame as
a historian of the eighteenth century, has
undertaken an elaborate and exhaustive re
view of the political and social conditions of
our own time. The work has been carried out
on an extensive scale arui forms two octavo
volumes oi 000 pages esch. The number of
subjects treated is almos equal to the number
of factors and forces in modern life, and the
variety includes every tiding from the consti
tutions of nations to the minutiae of recent
legislation and the strength and the weak
nesses of the new woman.
The work is not ii tended as a mere descrip
tion of existing eruditions nor a formal sum
mary of contemporary developments. It is not
written in the c:e«r, white light of impartial i
history. Mr. Leiky has a philosophy to pro
pound and a cause to uphold, and as a conse
quence every i of bis treatise is colored
by the light wiich radiates from his philoso
phy, and every event and tendency of the age
is exhibited under the aspect which most ac
cords with :he cause he has set up to defend.
This characteristic of the work must not be
regarded as a defect. Mr. Lecky' s philosophy I
is always well reasoned, and in his treat
ment ci them the facts of history, however he
may cJlor. them with lighter or darker shades,
are rever misrepresented. We may in fact re.
gßrd the coloring and the philosophy as valu
abl qualities of the work, inasmuch as they
enable us to see how the developments of our
m dern life are regarded by one of the most
sudious, reflecting and penetrating intellects
ft the time.
One advantage resulting from giving the
wdkK the color of a particular cause and the
form of an argument for a particular creed is
that this mode of treating current events
arouses antagonism and provokes criticism.
Even the most indifferent reader will hardly
read this work with indifference. He will find
in every chapter and on almost every page j
something that will set his own ideas in mo
tion and make him a reflecting as well as an
interested reader. Whether he agrees or dis
agrees with tne writer, he will feel himself
moved by the book, as if it were a campaign
document. Indeed, in a broad sense of the j
phrase, it is a campaign document, and was
undoubtedly designed to influence the minds, {
and indirectly the votes, of men in the per- j
petual struggle going on in every civilized na- |
tion between democracy and all other forms j
Of government 'whatever.
Whenever a man says Alexander Hamilton j
was the greatest statesman and wisest thinker '
among those who founded our Republic and i
framed its constitution we know at once what I
his attitude is toward democracy and what he |
is going to say about the effects and the ten- \
dencies of universal suffrage. Mr. Lecky is a j
Hamiltouian. He says: "Hamilton, who was |
the greatest political thinker America has j
produced, was in the essentials of his political j
thought quite as conservative as Burke, but he i
never concealed his preference for monarch- \
ical institutions. Democratic government he :
believed must end in despotism, and be in the j
meantime destructive ot public morality and ;
to the security of private property." Whether j
this is a true statement or not of Hamilton's ■
political philosophy it is the conception Lecky [
has of it, and we can form a fair judgment of
Lecky's philosophy from the fact that with
this conception in his mind he considers Ham
ilton wiser than Jefferson.
A salient feature of the argument of the
book is the proposition put forward, with great
emphasis and wealth of illustration, that
governments cease to be "representative" ex
actly in proportion as they become popular.
He cites the conditions of politics and society
in many countries to prove this, but his chief !
illustration is drawn from our own country.
We have a nearer approach to absolute uni
versal suffrage than any other people, and
there is also, he says, a greater contrast be
tween our society and our government than
is to be found in any other nation. American
society, broadly speaking, is about the most
intelligent, the purest and most honest in the
world, but our politicians are tne most ignor
ant, the least honest and the most corrupt to
be found in any country that can be said to
have anything like an enlightened govern
ment.
By overlooking this feature of Lecky's argu
ment, John Morley, who is at once the most
eminent and most aggressive of his critics.
Jails into an obvious blunder. He points out
that Lecky shows in his book that the national
character of all civilized peoples is improving,
that the welfare of the poorer classes is more
abundantly provided for than ever, that men
tally, morally and physically, modern society
in Europe and America is belter than ever be
fore; and yet at the same time asserts that the
tone of politics has been lowered, the strength
of parliaments weakened and governments
everywhere conducted with iess honesty, less
firmness and less wisdom than in the days
which preceded universal suffrage.
Mr. Morley declares this to be "a tissue of
incoherence and inconsequence." The critic,
however, is wrong. So iar from being incon
sistent, the contrast between the improvements
guiug on in society at large and the deteriora
tion going on in parliamentary governments
is the strongest argument that could be pos
sibly urged In support of the theory that gov
ernments cease to represent the better and
improving elements of the social organism j
when they are composed of delegates elected J
by the majority, that vote being mainly com
posed of the worst and least improving class
oi people.
Starting then with the theory that govern
ment by universal suffrage is not a truly rep
resentative government Mr. Lecky reviews at
great length the tendencies of democratic gov
ernment in our time and finds that these are
everywhere adverse to the true liberty of the
citizen and the just rights of property. The
aggressions made on liberty and property have
as yet nowhere gone far enough to justify re
volt; but in one or two European countries
this is sufficiently imminent to occasion no
little anxiety. America he regards as virtually
safe from danger by reason of the wise pro
visions of our constitution which, in his judg
ment, are sufficient to prevent unjust laws
from being enacted or enforced so long as the
Supreme Court stands to declare unconstitu
tional any Jaw which violates the rights of
any class of citizens.
The admiration which Lecky has for our
constitution is not given to everything Ameri
can, nor is it our politicians only that come in
for condemnation. The American millionaire
as well as the mob is regarded as one of the
evils of the country and of the time. Mr.
Lecky says:
Of all forms that great wealth can take I know
of none that gives greater opportunities of or
temptations to abuse than that of tne railway king
who controls for his own selfish purposes the chief
lines of communication in the country. In no
other country has this class of men been so prorni
jieut as in America, and in no other has their
power been more hideously abused. Nowhere
else have there been such scandalous examples of
colossal, ostentations fortunes, built up by the
acquisition of gigantic monopolies, by a deadly
and unscrupulous competition, bringing ruin in:o
countless honu-s. by a systematic subordination of
public to privnr* interests, by enormous political
and municipal corruption.
These evils are certainly not unconnected with
political conditions, in a country where there is
no rank ana where political eminence gives litt •
or no dignity, the thirst for wealth acquires a
maddening power. Corrupt political organizations
come in constant contact with great railway and
industrial corporal ions and each can do much to
assist and to demoralize the other. Even inde
pendently of the.-it; mutual services there is an
analogy between the two things. To run a com
pany is very like running the machine, and the
low standard which public opinion aimUs in the
one is not unnaturally extended to the other.
Among the changes for wor-,e in parlia
mentary government brought about by the
extension of suffrage, Mr. Lecky notes the
change in the attitude of representatives
toward taxation and the public purse. The
old idea that the representative chamber is
pre-eminently a check n;>on extravagance, a
jealous guardian of the people's money,
seems, he says, to have almost vanished In
democratic countries; and he quotes approv«
ingly the words of Leon Say that the modern
representative is hardly anything more than
"an agent for instigating expense." Esch
wishes to get an appropriation for his district,
and to enable an increasing number of his
constituents to secure a livelihood out of the
public taxes. Governments are thus led into
extravagance and wasteiulness of the national
resources, and corruptiou in official life in
variably follows.
Another feature of government by universal
suffrage, which is noted as already tending to
the danger point, is that of multiplying re
strictions upon various forms of human action.
This means an increase of bureaucracy, or in
other words, of the number and power of state
officials. It means also a constant increase of
taxation, which is itself a constant restriction
of liberty. One of the first forms of liberty,
Bays Mr. Lecky, is the right of every man to
dispose of his own property and earnings, and
if taxes are multiplied for the purpose of
carrying out a crowd of objects in which he
has no interest, and with many of which he
has no sympathy, his liberty is proportionately
restricted.
Speaking generally of democracy and liberty,
Mr. Lecky says:
To place the chief power In the most Ignorant
classes is to place it in the hands of those who
naturally care least for political liberty and who
are most likely to follow with devotion some
stroug leader. The sentiment of nationality
penetrates very deeply into all classes, but in all
countries and ages it is the upper and middle
classes who have chiefly valued constitutional
liberty, and those classes it is the work of
democracy to dethrone. At the same time
democracy does much to weaken among them
also the love of liberty. The instability and in
security of democratic politics, the spectacle of
dishonest and predatory adventurers climb
ing by popular suffrage into positions of
great power in the state, the alarm
wfcich attacks on property seldom fall
to produce among those who have something to
lose, may easily scare to the side of despotism
larve classes who under other circumstances would
have been steady supporters of liberty. A despot
ism which secures order, property and Industry,
which leaves the liberty of religion and private
life unimpaired, and which enables quiet and in
dustrious men to pass through life untroubled and
unmolested, will always appear to many very
preferable to a democratic republic which is con
stantly menacing, disturbing or plundering them.
Mr. Lecky is not v.-hat is generally known as
a pessimist. He has faith in society. He sees
that it is continually improving and he has
confidence that these improvements will grow
from more to more. In his judgment, how
ever, under government by universal suffrage
these imDrovements must be made not
through the government, but in spite of it.
Little by little the chasm will widen between
the real governing element of the community
and the politicians, until at last parliaments
will no longer be regarded as the true repre
sentative of the nation. He does not despair
of what will happen then, nor does he believe
that despotism or anarchy are the only pos
sible outcome. He suggests a remedy for
England, at any rate, and strangely enough it
is a limited form of the referendum. He would
allow an appeal to society at large in order
to save society from the representatives of its
lower elements. [For sale by Doxey; price $5.]
John McNacght.
"EJ DONN/\ FERE^IJES."
f'The Kngllsh press not only In Great Britain, |
but throughout the British dep ndencies. mani
fests a more conciliatory spirit. — American Daily
Paper. J
In extended observations of the ways and works
of man.
(From the four-mile radius roughly to the plain of
Hindustan),
I have drunk with mixed assemblies, seen the
casual ruciiOD rise,
And the men of half creation damning half crea
tion's eyes.
I have watched them in their tantrums, all that
Pentecostal crew,
French, Italian, Arab, Spaniard, Euss and Yank
and Dutch and Jew,
Celt and savage, buff and ocher, cream and yellow,
mauve and white.
But it never really mattered till the English grew
polite—
Till the men with glossy "toppers," till the men In
long frock coats,
Till the men who do not duel, till the men who
tight with votes,
Till the breed that take their pleasure as St. Law
rence took his grid.
Began to "beg your pardon" and — the wily
croupier hid.
Then the bandsmen with their fiddles, and the
girls that bring the beer,
Knew the psychologic moment, left the lit Casino
clear;
Bat the unlnstructed alien, from the Teuton to :
the Gaul,
Was entrapped, once more, my country, by that
suave, deceptive drawl !
As it was in ancient Suez or 'neath milder, wilder
skies,
I "observe with apprehension" how the casual
ructions rise,
And with Keener apprehension If I read my Times
arieht,
Hear the old Casino order: "Watch your man, but
be polite.
"Keep your temper, never answer" (That was why
they spat and swore).
"Don't hit first, but move together (there's no
hurry) to the door.
Back to back and facing ontward, while the lin
guist tplls them how
•Nous somincs ailong a notre batteau; nous ne
vonloug pas le row.' "
So the hard, pent rage eat Inward till some idiot
went too far—
"Let 'em have it!" and they had it, and the same
was bloody war-
Fist, umbrella, cane, decanter, lamp and beermug,
chair and boot,
Till behind the fleeing legions rose the long hoarse
yell for loou
Then tb» oilcloth with Its numbers, as a banner
fluttered free,
Then the grand piano cantered, on three castors.
down the quay-
White and breathing through their nostrils, silent,
systematic, swift.
They removed, effaced, abolished all that man
could fling or lift.
Oh, my country, bless the training that from cot to
castle runs —
The pitfall of the stranger, but the bulwark of thy
sons-
Measured speech and ordered action, sluggish soul
and unperturbed,
Till we wake our Island Devil, ten times worse for
being curbed!
Build on the flanks of Etna, where the fleecy
smoke-puffs float,
Go bathe in tropic waters, where the lean tin tags
the boat,
Cock the gun that Is not loaded, cook the frozen j
dynamit?:
But oh, beware my country, when my country
grows polite!
BUDYABO KIFLIKS.
A Connecticut Yankee in King Ar
thur's Court
The publication of a new library edition of
Mark Twain's clever story, "A Connecticut j
Yankee iv King Arthur's Court," affords the |
American public a first-class antidote for the
excitements and passions of the political cam
paign to those who stay in town, and for the
dullness and inanities of summer re
sort life to those who go into the
country. The work is one of the best
of Twain's later books, both in concep- •
tion and in execution, and even those who
read it when first published can find enjoy
ment in rereading it in this attractive new
edition, which is enriched with a photogravure
portrait of the author and many other illustra
tions.
The story, while written in a strain of humor
so broad as to be farcical, has none the less an
under-current of truth running through it j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
MARIGOLD LANE
I KNOW of a street on the edge of the town
Where blithely the sunshine of spring-time looks down
And lilacs lean over, all purple and white,
To make for the passing a path of delight —
Though Fashion ignores with profoundest disdain
The very existence of Marigold Lane.
So dreaming and hoping, I'm biding the day
When 'round flies the news that there's raising of pay;
And then in the gloaming when Nellie and I,
Arm over, arm under, go loitering by —
It may be the sign will not hang out in vain
On the cottage I covet in Marigold Lane.
that renders it almost as instructive as amus
ing. Hank Morgan, a Connecticut machinist
and inventor, with all the knowledge of the f
nineteenth century and with the mechanical j
ability to construct all kinds of modern
mechanism, finds himself suddenly trans
ferred to England in the days when King Ar
thur ruled at Camelot and led the Knights of ■
the Round Table in feats of chivalry.
The contrast between the conditions of life !
in those days and in our own is strongly ■
brought out, and in the descriptions of those I
contrasts Twain finds abundant opportunities :
for serious writing as well as for humorous j
extravagance. To most readers the serious :
passages will be found fully as entertaining as j
those which were designed to be funny. In
fact, the fun is more like that of a farce
than that of a comedy, and not in
frequently seems strained and overdone.
Still, as a rule, the most grotesque absurdities
pass as excellent fooling when the mind is in
the humor tor them, and if there is any man j
living who can put the public mind into that
humor Mark Twain is the one to do it.
The first impression of the Connecticut man
on his arrival at Camelot is one of disgust for |
the whole concern. Circumstances force him.
to assume the role of a magician in order to !
save his life, and by predicting an eclipse he j
wins such success as to completely discredit j
Merlin at court and become the chief Counselor
of the King. Raised to power and distressed j
by the wretchedness of the people, and exas- \
perated by the folly and the superstition of the ■
nobility, he sets himself to the task of civil
izing the people with the intention of reform- I
ing the country and establishing a repuolic.
The story proceeds upon the broadest lines
The following remarkable verses, bold in metaphor, deep and mystical in meaning, jagged
and uneven in rhetorical properties, are written by a protege of Joaquln Miller, a young Jap
anese who works and thinks on Miller's ranch. They are reprinted from the Lark, the editor
of which, Gillette Burgess, thus describes their author:
"I would have you think of him as I know him, alone on the heights, in his Cabin — 'even
yellow-jackets abandoned I—listening1 — listening to the 'tireless songs of the crickets on the lean, gray
haired hill, in the sober-faced evening.'
"An exile from his native land, a stranger in a new civilization— a mystic by temperament,
race and religion."
The BraVe Upright R^irvs.
The brave upright rains come right down like errands from
iron-bodied yorettme, never looking back; out of the ever tran
quil, ocean-breasted, far high heaven — yet as high but as the
gum tree at my cabin window.
Without hesitation, they kill themselves in an instant on
the earth, lifting their single-noted chants — o tragedy !—
chants? Nay, the clapping sound of earth-lips.
o, heavenly manna, chilly, delicate as goddess* tears for the
intoxicated mouth of the soil, this gossamer"veiled day i
The universe now grows sober, gaunt, hungry, frozen
hearted, SPITEFUL-SOULED ; ALONE. FRIENDLESS, IT GROANS OUT IN THE
flute of the stony-throated frog.
Resignedly, the fleeting mountain of tired cloud creeps into
the willow leaves— washed hair of palace-maiden of old.
10, the willow leaves, mirrored in the dust-freed waters of
the pond i
Jhe Mysteries of Night.
The flat-boarded earth, nailed down at night, rusting under
the darjcness. the universe grows smaller, palpitating against
its destiny-
My chilly soul,— center of the world,— gives seat to audible
tears,— the songs of the cricket.
i drink the darkness of a corner of the universe,— alas !
square, immovable world to me, on my bed ! suggesting what —
god or demon?— far down, under my body.
i am as a lost wind among the countless atoms of high
HEAVEN !
Would the invisible night might shake off her radiant light,
answering the knocking of my soft-formed voice.
M. E. VV. g
[COPYRIGHTED BY THE publishers OF LIFE.I
of incongruity, and therefore the more improb
able the events narrated the more entertain
ing they are. Through these impossibilities,
however, there is woven a thread of fairly
realistic adventure, along which are strung an
array of incidents that not inaccurutely depict
the conditions of life in those days. Between I
jest and earnest the tale proceeds on its way,
miugling passages in which there .is a genuine
pathos with ethers in which fancy runs silly ,
and sinks to about the level of the "Brass '
Monkey." Such a book can hardly be con- j
sidered seriously, and yet there are certain
aspects of it which fully deserve such con
sideration.
[Harper & Brothers. For sale by A. M. Rob
ertsou. Post street; price $1 75.]
Summer in Arcady.
James Lane Allen, author of the above
entitled book, calls it A Tale of Nature. A
more appropriate name could hardly have
be? n selected for it. It is an idyl, perfect in
expression, a pastoral, a study, designed to
point a moral.
Mr. Allen takes occasion, in a somewhat
lengthy preface, to criticize the decadent lit
erature of the past few years. He deprecates, j
in no uncertain terms, the morbid suggestive- i
ness veiled in much of the literature that has
recently appeared. "We know too well," says
Mr. Allen, "what exposures of the eternally
hidden they have coarsely made, what ideals j
of personal depravity thi»y have scattered |
broadcast, what principles of social order they i
have attacked, what bases of universal de- j
cency ihey have been resolute to undermine." I
Strong words, these, and coming at a Jime i
when their forceful attack is needed to com- j
seer\ ar\d Urvseerv.
BY YONE NOGUCHI.
And often and often when homeward I'm bound
I find myself taking the longest way 'round,
With smiles at my thoughts as there comes into view
A dear little house, that would just do for two,
Announcing "To Let," like a tender refrain
Of songs that my heart sings in Marigold Lane.
In fancy sometimes at the window I see
Her curly head nodding a welcome to me,
And sometimes at twilight she stands by the gate,
Half-hid by the shadows, to listen and wait
For footsteps she loves — Ah, the castles in Spain
1 build as 1 wander through Marigold Lane!
bat that class of literature which delights to
grovel in the mud ior its ideals.
"Summer in Arcady" is, as we have said, a
pastoral. It treats of the love of Daphne, a
farmer's daughter, for Hilary, a farmer's son.
The book closes with the marriage of the two
against the wish of Daphne's father, whose
main objection to the union appears to be the
fact that Hilary once indulged in the sinful
pastime of dancing. It is a simple story, but
told in a manner that holds the reader's atten
tion from the first page to the last. [New
York: Macmillan <fe Co. For salts by William
Doxey; price $1 25.]
A Un qu Ref rence Book.
To say that it contains information of nearly
universal interest, and that is practically ob
tainable by readers nowhere else, is but the
simple truth concerning Alden's Living Topics
Cyclopedia. The second volume contains the
latest fncts concerning the nations, Biazil,
British Empire, Bulgaria, Cape Colony, Chile,
Chinese Empire and others, and concerning
three States, California, Colorado and Con
necticut; also concerning six large cities,
Brooklyn, Buffalo, Charleston, Chicago, Cin
cinnati and Cleveland. The information is
generally from one to five years later than can
be found In any of the leading cyclopedias,
and commonly a year later than the 1896
almanacs and annuals. The whole work com
plete to date costs only $1 if ordered at once.
Specimen pages may be had free by addressing
the publisher, John B. Alden, 10 and 12 Van
dewater street. New York.
Messrs. D. C. Heath & Co., Boston, announce
for immediate issue Shakespeare's "Henry V,"
in the Arden series.
ANOTHER EROTIC
NOVEL BY ELLA WHEELER WILCOX
"AN AMBITIOUS MAN"
"Lindsay's Qirl," b\j J^irs Herbert Martirv
Ella Wheeler Wilcoz has undertaken a char
acter study under the guise of a novel, but
character study alone cannot very well carry a
story that is positively lacking in vivid inter
est. "An Ambitious Man," it may be said, is
an endeavor in prose to maintain that attitude
of eroticism exhibited in Ella's "Poems of Pas
sion," published a few years ago. The ex
ploitation of amorous sins and blunders seems
to be to the liking of Mrs. Wilcox. Her novel
ends in chaos, and the lot of everybody in it
is untimely death or lingering misery. And
yet Mrs. Wilcox writes well ; better, in fact,
than many who write better stories. Here are
a few sentences from the book of "Impres
sions," in which one of her characters makes
daily entrances which reflect the changes
that take place in the complexion of her
mind:
People talk about following a divine law of love,
when they wish to excuse their brute impulses
and break social and civil codes.
No love is sanctioned by God which shatters
human hearts.
Fathers are only distantly related to their chil
dren: love for the male parent Is a matter of edu
cation.
Love Is a mushroom, and lust is Its poisonous
counterpart.
It is a ptiy that people who despise civilization
should be so uncivil as to stay in it. There is
always darkest Africa.
The extent of a man's gallantry depends on the
goal. He follows the good woman to the borders
of Paradise and leaves her with a polite bow; but
he follows the bad woman to the depths of hell.
An envious woman is a spark from purgatory.
When the fruit must apologize for the tree, we
do not care to save the seed.
It Is only when God and man have formed a
syndicate and agreed upon their laws that mar
riage is a safe inves ment.
When we say of people what we would not say to
them, we are either liars or cowards.
The enmity of some people Is the greatest com
plimrnt they can pay us.
[Chicago: E. A. Weeks & Co., publishers;
ior sale at the bookstores.]
Lindsay's Girl.
Here is another fresh novel for the girls by
the seaside or in the mountain resorts. Its
author is Mrs. Herbert Martin and its heroine
is a Scotchman's daughter, Valentine Lindsay, j
who is a little wild in her ways and creates
talk among the gossips. Fate throws Lord St.
George and Valentine together and they marry
against the wishes of the man's noble family.
The country place is dull and the couple take
up Quarters in London, where Valentine
dances and enjoys herself more than she ever
did in her unmarried days. The lord goes back
to hi« bachelor pleasures. Valentine is much
sought after by an old lover, and their com
panionship arouses more talk. A coldness
growl between lord and lady. They quit the
dissipations of London, and on their arrival in
the country an accident happens to St. George.
He lies for weeks on the brink of death, and
then it is that the wife finds her abiding love
for him. St. George recovers as if by a miracle,
and after that they are the happiest couole in
England. In fact, Lady St. George became
such an exceptionally ideal wife ana adorable
mother and such an esteemed member of the
highest society that people who knew some of
the old tales shook their heads and exclaimed,
"Who would have ever expected it of that girl
ol Lindsay's?" [New York: R. T. Fenno & Co.,
publishers. For sale at the bookstores.]
The Victory of Ez"a Gardner.
Miss Imoeen Clark has given us a charming
idyl, the scene of wnich is laid in one of New
England's quaint islands. Ezra Gardner is a
finely drawn character. His only companion
and friend is his pet pony, "Baby," and the
affection between the two is touchingly por
trayed. Ezra has suffered with humility the
scorn of the world ever since the war. It was in
war time that he got the name of being a cow
ard, and he admitted that he was afraid of
going to the front, and that when be went he
was "choked up with the fear through every
thing." But when Ezra Gardner braved a
monstrous sea while others stood appalled and
white— when Ezra Gardner saved from death a
"college professor" in spite of tremendous
1 odds of death against life, battling like a giant
with the awful breakers, but holding up the
drowning man with a strength like iron, when
I the twain were pulled ashore unconscious,
after a struggle that for heroism was never
surpassed— then came "The Victory of Ezra
Gardner." All the island was proud to honor
him, and everywhere he was received with ex
pressions of kindness, admiration and love.
The rescue scene is highly dramatic, ana the
volume is replete with pictures of unaffected j
realism. [New York and Boston: T. Y. !
Crowell & Co., publishers. For sale at the
Dookstores; price 75 cents.]
Magaznes for July.
hakper's.
The July number of Harper's Magazine opens
with a paper on General Washington and the j
period of the Revolution, by Wooclrow Wilson. ,
Rarely has a historic personage been made so |
real and human as Washington here appears,
in camp and on the battlefield no less than in
the Virptinia House of Burgesses or at his
Mount Vernon plantation. In commemora- !
tion of the centenary of the settlement of j
Cleveland the number contains an illustrated |
paper on the distinctive characteristics of i
Ohio, as shown in the development of the
State, by President Charles F. Thwing of the
Western Reserve University. A piquant
description of English elections, by Hon.
Henry Cabot Lodge, gives the result of some |
personal observations in England last sum- !
mer. showing that the United States is not J
alone in its need of political reforms. Laurence
Hutton will contribute an attractive article
on "Literary Landmarks of Venice," with
illustrations by Frank V. Dv Mond, including
the houses in which Byron, Browning and Pe
trarch lived. There is presented the opening
chapters of "Two Mormons From Muddlety," a
three-part novelette, by Langdon Elwyn
Mitchell, whose scene is laid among the West
Virginia hills and whose characters are the
rude population of a primitive community,
enlivened by the visits of two Latter-Day
Saints engaged in proselyting. The story will
be illustrated by Gilbert Gaul.
John Kendrick Bangs' humorous romance,
"A Rebellious Heroine," is concluded. Archi
bald Lampraan contributes an essay on "Hap
piness," and Charles Dudley Warner in the
Editor's Study discusses a popular belief that
everybody is an undeveloped author. The
Editor's Drawer opens with an amusing lecture
by Kate Douglas Wiggin on a supposedly new
Wagnerian opera, with examples of the music.
LIPPINCOTT'B.
The complete novel in the July issue of Lip- j
pincott's is "A Judicial Error" by Marion j
Manvilie Pope. It is a strong story based on a
murder for which the wrong man was con
victed and hanged. He has a friend who de
termines to prove his innocence and does it.
"A Twenty-Doliar Bill," by Algernon Tassin,
is a pathetic tale of honesty among the very
poor and in the face of the strongest possible
temptation— to save a sister's life. Giilam W. !
Ford tells about '"The Rector's Game- j
cock," which came to the minister in
a singular way and was thenceforth j
a bird of peace. Jean Wright relates
briefly "An Old Story"— which is not a
familiar or commonplace one at all— of the
army. A Russian, who for various reasons with
holds his name, writes forcibly on the "Decad
ence of Modern Russian Literature." His array
of facts shows clearly the benumbing effect of
despotism when vigorously exercised through
a censorship of the press. "Pennsylvania and
Her Public Men," by Sydney G. Fisher, is an
other startling article, presenting facts which,
though common property, are enough to set
one thinking. "My Rural Experiences" is one
of the last papers which the lamented Profes
sor Boyeson wrote, and one of the best. He
loved his summer home on Long Island,
reveled in his peaceful vacations there, and
enjoyed to the full his communion with
Nature, escaping from the man-made town.
John Sheridan Zelie supplies a little essay, "On
Being Fond of One's Thoughts." "With the
Trade" instances some of the unadvised efforts,
requests and woes of beginners in literature.
The poetry of the number is by Florence Earle
Coates, Margaret Gilman George, Jenny TerriU
Ruprecht and Grace F. Pennypacker.
m'clube's.
In the opening paper in McClure's Magazine
for July E. Kay Robinson, with whom Kip
iing was intimately associated in the editor
ship of a newspaper in India, gives a wealth of
interesting personal facts about Rudyard Kip
ling. But perhaps surpassing this in abundance
of new personal detail is a paper of recollec
tions of Longfellow, Whittier and Holmes, by
Elizabeth Stuart Phelps. Wnittier was, in his
lust years, much oppressed by loneliness; and
Holmes, outwardly so merry a man, was at
heart grave almost to melancholy. Both
papers are fully illustrated with por
traits and other pictures ; and, form
ing an independent article, is a comprehensive
series of portraits of Longfellow. A woman's
account of her own experience in climbing to
the very top of the Matterhorn— a feat which
very few women have proved equal to; an
illustrated article by Cleveland Moffett, indi
cating the revolution that is already beginning
to be wrought in truvel, trcffia and war by the
horseless carriage; a paper of reminiscences
and anecdotes from personal associates of
Abraham Lincoln at the bar, showing Lincoln's
1 ife and methods as a lawyer; and a paper by
W. H. Low on the present state of painting in
Germany, with reproductions of recent cele
brated German paintings— are other note
worthy features.
GODEY'S.
Godey's Magazine for July begins the one
hundred and thirty-third volume of the well
known publication and is a good specimen of
the pioneer in modern form. The initial
article is from the pen of a traveler in Persia,
and describes; with the aid of numerous pic
tures, some of the characteristics of that
country, which is always an important factor
in the Eastern question, and has recently
come into particular promirence on account
of the assassination of tne Shah ; while no less
interesting is a description of the training
and the life in the New York Fire Department.
There are continuations of the reminiscences
of operatic singers by Albert L. Parkes, and
the critical series of "Music in America" by
Rupert Hughes, the subject of the latter being
"The Manuscript Society and Its President,
Gerrit Smith." That Godey's has not lost its
individuality as a lady's book is shown by the
articles on "The Silk Industry of Japan" and
"Elizabeth Cady Stanton," number VII of
"TalKs by Successful Women," and the usual
fashion department.
SCRIBNER'B.
The July number of Scribner's is one of un
usual excellence. The place of honor is ac
corded to an article by Julian Ralph on Coney
Island, which is a peculiar New York product.
Mr. Ralph cails i; "our sunbath and icebox
combined, our ex era lung, our private, gigan
tic fan." He sketches its development irom
the early seventies down to its present com
plex and impressive charms— a resort which
8,000,000 people have visited in one year.
Brander Matthews also shows a picturesque
American element for the use of the literary
man in his discussion "On the Poetry of Place
Names." He quotes the criticism of Matthew
Arnold on the ugliness of our place names, and
the entirely opposite opinion expressed by
Robert Louis Stevenson that "there is no part
of the wor d where nomenclature is so rich,
poetical, humorous, and picturesque as the
United States of America."
In fiction this number is made notable by
one of the last short stories of the late H. H.
Boyesen, entitled, "In Collusion With Fate."
It is the charming love story of an ocean voy
age. There is also a short story of the Ameri
can Revolution, by Clinton Ross, entitled "The
Confession of Colonel Sylvester." Mr. Ross
has made a study of '-his period for purposes
ot fiction. Among the other articles are: "A
Thousand Miles Through the Alps," by Sir W.
Martin Conwuy; "Sentimental Tommy— The
Story of His Boyhood," by J. M. Barrie; "Ars
et Vita," by T. R. Sullivan; "A New Art," by
J. Carter Beard, with illustrations of the work
of American taxidermists from drawings by
the author; some portraits of J. M. W. Turner;
and "A French Friend of Browning— Joseph
Milsand, by Th. Bentzon (Mme. Blanc).
Among the poetry isabitof verse by Charles
Edwin Markham, entitled "The Hidden Val
ley." The various departments are as com
plete and interesting as usual.
BT. NICHOLAS.
Calif ornians have frequently read In Thb
Call notices of the remarkable traveling dog
"Owney," the pet of the United States Postal
Department. A description of "Owney's" trip
around the world by Charles Frederick Holder
of Pasadena is publishad in the July number
of St. Nicholas, and a right good narrative it
makes. "Owney" has more medals than a
modern rifle expert or a bicycle champion of
the amateur class. Charles Henry Webb speaks
in verse "A Few Words For the Old Fourth."
suggesting what so many of us have been
thinking, namely, that the drums used to
sound louder and that firecrackers had a more
vicious snap in the days gone by. Boys of the
present will have similar views of the current
events twenty years liencu. "Toby Hinkle,
Patriot" is a story apropros of the month. The
articles in St. Nicholas are artistically illus
trated.
LADIES' HOME JOURNAL.
Mark Twain's "Personal Recollections of
Joan of Arc" may not prove a success from a
business standpoint, but the volume has at
least aroused renewed interest in the marvelous
Maid of Orleans, the Ladies' Home Journal for
July devoting two pases to that heroine's his
tory. The text is by Emma Asbrand Hopkins.
John Gilmer Speed has a dull article on "Feed
ing a City Like New York." The subject is un
interesting except to readers of market re
ports and the like. Ex-President .Benjamin
Harrison continues his essays on the working!
of our National Government. "The Wife of
Ben Bow" is a strong psychological sketch by
Hezekiah Butterworth. Arthur Warren de
votes a chapter to the beautiful side of the
character of Robert Burns, the Ayrshire poet,
whose fame grows and mellows with the yean.
LITERARY NOTES.
Ex-President Harrison will discuss our Na
tional finances in an article on "The Secretary
of the Treasury" which will appear in the
August issue of The Ladies' Home Journal.
He will tell briefly of the origin of our finan
cial system; its expansion or development;
how the Nation raises its revenues and dis
burses its moneys, and detail the faults of our
system of financiering.
"The Landlord at Lion's Head," a new novel
by W. D. Howelis, will be begun in the issue of
Harper's Weekly dated July 4. Illustrations
for this story have been made by W. T. Smedley.
In Harper's Round Table, published June 28,
an article appears by W. J. Henderson, en
titled "Blind-man's Buff at Sea." Mr. Hender
son describes the difficulties and the methods
of ascer taiuing positions at sea during foggy
weather. In the same number is an excellent
story by James Barnes, entitled "The Hidden
Treasure of King Oban," and the second part
of a humorous story by R. K. Munkittrick,
entitled "SlambangHree." "A Virginia Cava
lier," the new serial by Molly Elliott Seawell,
grows more interesting.
The Outlook's seventh annual recreation
number contains nearly a hundred pages and
scores of illustrations. Nearly all of the
special articles relate to outdoor life, sport,
recreation and vacation possibilities. Among
the writers are lan Muclaren, the Rev. Dr.
Henry Van Dyke, the Rev. Dr. Charles H.
Parkhurst, Kirk Monroe, General A. W. Greely,
Poultney Bigelow, and many others.
Mr. Gladstone has suspended for a while his
philosophical studies, in order to give to the
public in greater detail, through the Nine
teenth Century, what he has stated privately
about Fraser Rao's biography of Sheridan and
about Sheridan himself, *n whom he hat al
ways taken a keen interest.
2324
THE SALON
IN THE CHAMPS
AKYSEES
Odd Titles of French
Pictures
"Woman to the Fire," "In the
Park of Oysters" and the
"Brush PoWder" — The
Old Salon
PARIS, Fbascx. June 10.— There are
902 numbers in the catalogue of the old
salon of the Champs Elysees; there are
1794 paintings alone in the new salon.
The amount of work done is appalling,
especially when we take into account the
fact that these two exhibitions are re- j
peated yearly and that the same picture
or sculpture can be exhibited but once.
This year we have a general exhibition in
Berlin; in Vienna, in Prague, in Munich j
large and important picture shows. Add j
to these the paintings at Burlington
House, at the new and the Graf ton gal
leries, and the imagination refuses to go ;
further abroad.
What becomes of all the pictures! I i
have wandered between miles of land
scape peopled with strange allegorical or
mythological figures; the portraits of !
celebrities that stared blankly from under i
ponderous gold frames would have made '
the fortune of a dealer in wax works. And i
still the landscapes continue to unfold j
their purple and green, or gray and dun,
or brown and yellow charms, and still the i
inanimate figures frown violently, or smile !
insipidly.
The art of to-day is a colossal experi- |
went, and originality is the aim of the j
whole painting world. Originality at all !
costs, even if it be eccentricity or flagrant j
vulgarity hardly disguised. If the techni
cal gymnastic? which distinguish so many !
pictures exhaust and bewilder the artist,
the sincere and tireless student, in what
■unenviable frame of mind must they i
leave the art amateur, the amiably cul- !
tured traveler with a thirst for knowledge
and a desire to express pleasure about the
right things?
"Blank,' he asks of one artist, "Blank
is undoubtedly a great painter?"
"Blank," says Blank's disciple, "is the
coming man. What power, what deli
cacy, what a marvelous way of hiding
his technique under a form of complete
naivete or by means of this marvelous
light, which is so bright that nothing is
visible !" and so on, with praise and care
ful dissection of transcendent merits ad
nauseam.
"And so Blank is your coming man?"
says the honest traveler to a painter of
another school.
"Coming!" he replies. "You mean eo
ing! Why all that trickery he practices
is not art — in medicine you call a man
who experiments on his patients a quack.
1 think an artist who experiments on the
public fully as much of a charlatan. And
that is what Blank is. He paints a pic
ture, then rubs it all off with his coat
sleeve and calls it a nocturne. Only one
man ever could paint a nocturne!"
"Whistler?" demands the humbled and
patient listener, making a note of the re
mare for future use.
"No, Chopin!" and he plunges his
hands into the pockets of his velveteen
coat and congratulates himself on the
neat annihilation he has accomplished.
In the Champ de Mars we have every
form of Monets and Whistlerites — impres
sionism and unimpressionism, a return to
the Byzantine or early Florentine ideal in
cadaverous shapes of unearthly pallor, in
which even the cathode ray could not dis
cover a trace of human anatomy — but
we have them all well hung, with
Epace between each picture, and
no sacrifice of one artist to
another. In the Champs Elysees the
frames are almost dovetailed ; the hanging
Beems indiscriminate, a delicate little
Btudy dependent entirely upon a quiet and
normal light, painted for values and a care
fnl regard for half tones is extinguished,
absolutely put out of existence by the can
vas above or beneath or beside it, which
may be a symphony in white paint with
faint blue and pink streaks and most reck
less abandon in the prosaic questions of
well-modeled earth and the preservation
of certain scales of distance.
If in the Champs Elysees we see the good
end the bad of the old school and not a
little of the new; in the Champ de Mars
we see even worse and even better work —
and with the distinct advantage of the
most intelligent arrangement. In discuss
ing an exhibition or two exhibitions of
such enormous proportions, a criticism
must be merely a selection and a compari
son. It must be at once personal and
generous, or it degenerates into an enu
meration of Dictures and sculptures al
most as entertaining as the catalogue it
self.
The comparison of the illustrated cata
logue is not flattering to the old salon.
The reproductions are suiprisingly poor,
and in turning the leaves the choice of
pictures seems remarkable chiefly for a
pecyiiiar in appropriateness. A picture in
which color is the predominant quality is
reproduced in a line, and vice versa. The
catalogue is hopelessly commonplace and
entirely without interest.
The Champ de Mars uses a photo
graphic process, in which delicate values
are frequently sacrificed, but, as a whole,
is as satisfactory as cheap reproductions
can ever be, and in turning the pages
there is at least a suggestion to spur the
treacherous memory or to awaken the de
sire to see. In one question alone there is
room for great improvement. It seems
Impossible in this enlightened age that
such translations of titles can be printed.
They add not a little unexpected enter
;ainment. Hero are a few examples for
:he delectation of those who have not yet
itudied this new language:
Le Pavilion de Flore— The Flag of Flore.
Femme gui se chauffee— Woman to the
ire.
Marchandea de pots — Pot's trades
women.
Jeune fille en blanc— Young girl in
right.
Ideal— Country.
La Pensee gui s'eveille— The thought
twakening.
Jeune Baigneuse — Young batting eirl.
La Houpe — The brush-powder.
Dans les pares aux huitres— ln the park
if oysters.
In walking through the great rooms of
he Palace of Industry, or the equally
lignified halls of the newer exhibition,
here is more than a suggestion of mo
notony in the long rows of square or ob
long canvases. The thrill of delight with
which we come suddenly upon a work of a
master, or catch a glimpse, at some dis
tance, of two or three remarkable portraits
—these pleasant experiences are rare.
The work that will excite the most in
terest is undoubtedly that of the president
of the National Society of the Beaux Arts,
Puvis de Chavannes — five panels for the
decoration of the public library at Boston.
Puvis de Chavannes has metamorphosed
the decorative art of the century and his
late labors only add to and complete all
that he has hitherto accomplished. The
simple and candid methods employed by
Puvis de Chavannes make the decorations
of less talented men seem oily and thick —
paint, paint, paint!
"The Chaldean Shepherds Observing the
Movements of the Planets" is exactly
what the title expresses. Chaldean shep
herds of a primitive age, expressing with
the greatest simplicity of movement and
Portrait by Jean Boldini.
gesture, surprise and delight at a discovery
which was of moment enough to have
given rise to a greater extravagance of ex
pression.
The Eschylus and the Oceanides is the
most successful of all, not only from the
popular standpoint of being more easily
understood, but for the singular beauty of
color and line. How magnificently this
great sky, so bright and so soft, will till
the panel to which it is destined, and the
figure of Eschylu?, that suggests a passion
ate face sternly subdued, has an almost
monumental grandeur. And around the
sublime sufferer the peace of this trans
figured landscape! It may not be true to
an actual comparison of a Greek country,
but it is the landscape of a student of
mythology, large and serene, where the
gods may descend and walk.
A picture that has been the subject of
more discussion, is Dagnau Bouveret's
"Last Supper." Critics cannot agree; ac
cording to some, it is a marvel— according
to others, it is a pity that M. Dagnau
Bouveret should depart from his old tra
ditions. The picture is very large, the
figures are placed with that regard to the
conventions that Leonardo and Raphael
have made simply a question of respectful
deference. The light streams through
something that has turned it golden, it is
not a radiance from within.
The composition is a little cold for a
Portrait of the Dancer, Otero, by William T. Dannat.
picture that is not intended for a decora
tion, and the figures are painted with a
suggestion of having been carefully placed
and posed. The pale heads have all the
delicate brushwork Dagnau Bouveret alone
is the master of. The figure of Christ,
with the long ray of light denning it, the
radiance around the finely drawa head,
that is of a tragic pallor but seems part of
the whole harmony of gold and white, is
slightly but unavoidably theatrical. The
figures of the disciples have a certain
statuesque rigidity of form and drapery
that adds not a little to the general im
| preseion that the entire company of guests
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
have arrived at the request of the painter.
Of the French painters M. Vidal has a
most charming study — a woman with
beautiful eyes, in a simple attitude, her
remarkably well drawn hands crossed in
her lap. Everything M. Vidal exhibits is
distinguished by the same almost caress
ing use of the orusb, the profile in clear,
light shadow, the figure of the woman
stretching her blowing linen' on the line,
how careful and yet how free, how the air
blows about the figure of the woman, who
has a look of impatience, as though, when
her work is ended, she will leave the can
vas at once.
Carolus Duran has a number of por
traits. It has become almost a duty for
young painters to shake their lira is and
look melancholy when speaking of Carolus
Duran. "How have the mighty fallen!"
they seem to say.
However much he may have fallen, he
is still at an elevation to which few of his
critics will be able to climb.
The portrait of "Simone," the little
granddaughter of Mme. Sara Bernhardt,
is distinguished enough to give decided
pleasure. The child has a little dark face,
around which the hair, that is so black
and lustrous, hanes closely. She sways
forward in her gold-brocaded, unchildish
gown with a most childlike air ol solem
nity and importance.
And yet, the background is no back
eround at all, only grayish, brown paint.
The shadows are brown spots and the head
is slightly out of drawing and only re
deemed by the richness of the color and
the quaint beauty of the subject. In spite
of all this the portrait is a fine picturesque
rendition of a charming child.
The little Helene is even more delicate
and more carefully observed. She has
big, clear eyes and a little scarlet mouth
and an almost Venetian color in this small
three-year-old baby.
The portrait of M. Leygues, ex- Minister,
is broadly managed and painted with so
much spirit that it makes the full length
convention of the woman in white satin as
lifeless as a doll.
M. Roll has an unfinished portrait of
Dumas. The portrait was not interrupted
by the death of the author of so many
plays, but is a living monument of the
vanity of greatness. It is painted as M.
Roll will paint, with absolute, if somewhat
brutal, frankness. The big coarse head,
somewhat Jewish in type and still strongly
suggestive of th« halfbreed physiognomy,
the big loose clothes hanjring on the cor
pulent figure, all this was too much for
M. Dumas, who considered it too much
in "the dressing gown and slipper style."
He refused to sit lonsrer on the plea that
"an academician should not be intro
duced to the public in such deshabille."
Ot the work of Boldini and Bernard
and Armand Poiret and Gervex and the
landscapists of the American and English
and Scotch schools it will be necessary to
speak in another article.
Yam Dyck Bbown.
WHAT IT
COSTS TO CIRCLE
THE GLOBE
What Oliver Optic SaW
ir\ JKis Gity
He Had Entree to the Bohemian
Club, but Did Not Fully Gom
prehend the Jligh
dinks
William T. Adams of Boston, known to
two generations as "Oliver Optic," passed
through San Francisco last December on
an East to WBst trip around the world.
He completed the journey April 7 last
wben he arrived at Boston from Liverpool, j
Mr. Adams has printed (not published) a [
narrative of the journey. The story is |
told in that style of delightful simplicity
which made the 'Oliver Optic" books and
magazines so welcome to boys, girls and ,
grown people in many lands.
He introduces the story of the trip by
saying: "I have visited every country in
Europe, from Ireland to Kazan, in Russia,
and from Norway and Sweden to the
southern part of Italy, and I have been to
about all the islands of the West Indies.
I have been in all the States of my own
country except nine, though I have not
traveled all over them. I have been
through the Dominion of Canada, from
New Brunswick to its western boundary,
in Lake Superior. It seemed to me time
to go around the world. My friends re
monstrated with me, principally because I
intended to go alone; but their protests
were not vigorous — were rather mild. They
thought I was too old to go alone, but 1
insisted that I was some months short of
74, and was as able as ever to take care of
myself. The objections were withdrawn.
"I went to the office of Messrs. Henry
Gaze & Sons, in charge of \V. H. Eaves,
for my tickets for the entire trip from
Boston to Boston. I paid for them $620,
including only steamer and railway fares,
though I was 'found' on all the steamers,
which included the greater part of the
trip. I paid for my sleepers and for my
board at the hotels, fees on the steamers,
jinrickishas, guide, carriages in Colombo,
Gibraltar and London $541, making the
total expenses $1161.
"Thus armed with pasteboards for the
trip I left Boston December 14, for Chi
cago, and at 6 o'clock for Minneapolis,
where I intended to spend what time I
could with my son-in-law (Sol Smith Rus
sell), daughter and two grandchildren.
* * • We made a very jolly Christmas
of it, and the head of the family escorted
me to the station of the Northwestern ,
Railroad and saw me comfortably in
stalled in the sleeper lor San Francisco."
Impressions of San Francisco are thus
recorded in the brochure:
"If there is any better hotel in San
Francisco than the Baldwin, 1 don't know
which it is. With a gentleman from To
ronto, whose acquaintance I had made
on the train and found to be a pleasant
companion, we were shown to a suite of :
rooms on a principal street, ap one flight,
having two large sleeping apartments, a
parlor and bathroom. We were charged j
four dollars a day each. The table was i
excellent and I greatly enjoyed the hotel.
J. walked about the streets of the City. It
looked like a busy place, and has many I
elegant buildings.
"On Monday I toon a carriage and rode
over some of it with my room-mate, James
E. Walker. After exchanging my order
for a ticket to Yokohama we visited the j
China, the largest and finest of the Pacific i
Mail line, in which my passage was en- I
gaged. I was somewhat surprised wtfen j
we came to her to see on her stern that '■
she bailed from Glasgow, for I had sup- !
posed that all the ships of this line, like
the City of Peking, in which I had once
sailed from Boston to New YorK, were
built in the United States. * ♦ • She
looked like a solid vessel and one that
would be entirely at home in a heavy sea,
and this ability is vastly better than gin
gerbread work in the cabins.
"In the train I had the pleasure of meet
ing Harry Francis, and his kind offices
gave me the entree of the Bohemian Club,
which I visited. Its apartments were spa
cious and elegant, with nothing gaudy
about them, and its large library indi
cated that it had been selected by men
who knew books. I was received in the
most genial and cordial manner by two of
the members, though I am sorry that I
have lost their names. I met there Hugh
M. Burke of The Call. I was also very
fortunate in meeting Dr. Beach, the sur
geon of the China. I had a very pleasant
visit, though I am afraid I did not fully
comprehend the 'high' jinks' and the
"low jinks" which are so peculiar to the
Bohemian Club.
"Another day was spent in walking and ;
riding about the City; and I went aboard j
the China after luncheon, December 31, !
and sailed at 3 o'clock. At first as the
itMUMI sailed down the bay I had enough
to do to observe this noted sheet of water.
I recognized some of the points and
places of which I had read. As the ship
went out to sea I repaired to my state
room, where I found my little Japanese
steward putting things to right. He had
turned up and secured the upper berth, so
that I had no excuse for bumping my
head against it. The electric light was
so placed that I could read after I had
'turned in,' as lam in the habit of doing.
I found an excellent and well-selected
library in the warm cabin of which I
made use during the voyage.
"The number of passengers was small.
I made the acquaintance of most of them,
and found them very pleasant people.
Five ladies were missionaries, one of
them being a doctor from Portland, Or.
Captain Seabury was a high-toned gentle
man, always pleasant, and I considered
him a model sea-captain. I became quite
intimate with J. W. Saunders, the first
officer, with whom I spent pleasant hours.
"The Weather the first two days of the
voyage was mild and pleasant, with very
little wind. Then came a savage gale
which had hardly moderated before an
other came. We had what the first officer
called 'cross-seas,' and the ship pitched,
rolled and twisted, and it was not an easy
matter to stay in one's berth at night or
on the sofa during the day. But I have
been in gales less tortuous than those on
the Pacific, and have been wrenched and
twisted vastly more than at any time on
board of the China. I regarded her as
one of the ablest ships in which I ever
sailed, and I have crossed the Atlantic
twenty one times."
"On the wharf at Yokohama I obtained
my first view of a jinrickisha, and I
thought it must be a very nice vehicle, but
I changed my opinion in the course of a
week. I went in one of them to the Grand
Hotel, and the charge for it was 10 cents —
Japanese sen.
"The value in our money of a yen and
its decimal parts is an unknown quantity
depending upon the rate of exchange and
the worth of Mexican dollars silver.
Reckoning from the amount I received
in yen on my letter of credit one yen
equals 55 cents in American money. lam
aware that this estimate differs widely
from what is written in ?ome of the books,
but the value of silver has depreciat"d in
the East nearly half. The value of a rupee
in India is nominally two shillings, but
when I was there it was quoted at one
shilling and a quarter of a penny."
Mention is made of visits to Tokio,
Kobe and of the voyage to Shanghai,
Hongkong and Singapore. The hot
weather as the ship neared Singapore
produced the greatest discomfort of the
Portrait by Albert Besnard.
voyage around the world. British gold
was needed at Singapore and Oliver Optic
had a time of his own in finding the
banker. "My rickshaw man said he could
speak English, but any decently educated
parrot could outdo him in the language.
He intimated by a nod that he knew
where to find the banker named, but. I
soon discovered that he knew no better
than I did."
This incident is mentioned as having
occurred on the Peking while nearing Pe
nang, after leaving Singapore: "I was in
my cabin as the steamer approached. I
sat with my coat off. I happened to see
the land through the port, and I hastened
on deck to see the shore and the town. I
did not think to put on my coat, and not
realizing the enormity of tlie offense, I
was observing the shore, when the first
officer came to me, with the captain's
compliments, that it was offensive to the
sensibilities of English ladies for a gentle
man to appear on the quarterdeck with
out his coat. 1 always submit to authority
Portrait of Puvis de Chavannes by Francois Armbruster.
on board ship and I sent my apology to
the commander.
"I put on my coat and returned to the
deck, where I thought the matter over,
for I did not yet realize the heinousness of
the transgression. I had no thin coat
with me, for I never wear them at home.
I wondered if I was so ignorant as not to
comprehend the proprieties of social life
on board ship, and 1 ventured to mention
the affair to an officer of the British army,
for they are all gentlemen and well versed
in the usages of society. He said I ought
to have sent word to the captain to mind
his own business. I should not have fol
lowed that advice if I had received it in
season; and the politeness of the first
officer quite disarmed me. I was inclined
to believe that this officer had put his un
pleasant duty into his own language, for
I did not regard his superior as competent
to do it so handsomely.
"I could not help wondering what effect
the march of over 100 Chinamen, almost
in a state of nature, in coaling the vessel
had upon the 'sensibilities of English
ladies,' to say nothing of the Malays in
the same natural costume, of whom they
bought trinketa. Within a few days I had
seen the captain on the quarterdeck bare
footed and with hia trousers turned up
nearly to his knees. He was going to take
or had just taken his bath. I ought to
add that Captain Jephson was regarded as
an especially skillful captain, to whom
the command of one of the new steamers
of 8000 tons, then building, might be given.
I think the P. and O Company could do
better and might select a gentleman as
well as an accomplished navigator."
It is mentioned in the narrative that
the voyage across the Arabian Sea, about
2100 nautical miles, was accomplished in
seven days. After the ship was fairly
within the Red Sea only a few islands
were to be seen, and she was out of sight
of land most of the time. When the ship
entered the gulf of Suez the traveler had a
view of the peninsula of Sinai, though he
could not make out the mountain on which
Moses received the commandments.
"Many passengers embarKed at Port
Said for Brindisi. Among them was his
Royal Highnes3 the Duke of Cambridge,
field marshal and late commander-in
chief of the British army. He is a grand
son of George 111 and a cousin of Queen
Victoria. He was plainly dressed and
seemed to be a very pleasant gentleman,
not above speaking to a common sort of
person like myself. I had a little talk with
him on deck as we went into the harbor of
Brindisi, and, speaking of ages, I gave
mine and he said that ho was seventy-
seven, or a couple of months older than
her Majesty."
Oliver Optic had been in London more
than a dozen times, and it was an old
story to him. Baring Bros. & Co. pro
vided him with a ticket by the Catalonia
from Liverpool to Boston. The surgeon of
the ship was a great hunter of elephants
and tigers in India, and his adventures
were extremely interesting. The narrative
closes with this record: "I sailed March
26, and came to the dock at East Boston
early on the morning of April 7, extremely
pleased that I had finished my trip around
I the world."
BE SURE
YOU DRINK PURE
WATER
Mineral Springs Are
Qermless
to Test Water — Some Qood
by the Doctor for
Jhose Who Qo on
Vacations
It would be manifestly improper for on«
to attempt such a thing as a series of in
structions for determining the character
of water supplied for drinking considering
the fact that complex and elaborate an
alyses are required for that purpose.
One might perhaps mention a chemical
test which would show the presence of
certain impurities, while other and possibly
very injurious foreign ingredients in the
water might exist without detection.
A celebrated authority once stated that
"absolutely pure water, consisting of a
I chemical union with condensation of two
j volumes of hydrogen and one oxygen, is a
; chemical curiosity."
The impurities of water are usually
i placed under two" heads, organic and mi
i organic. Of the first class the impurit^s
may be in the form of bacteria, or they
may consist of particles of organic sub
: stances, such as decomposing animal or
' vegetable matter.
Of the latter class the chemist usually
' finds such things as nitrates and nitrites,
■ free ammonia, chlorine and various other
1 chemical substances. The nitrates are
\ usually the product of decomposition, fol
! lowing the contamination of water with
| sewage.
Water is usually spoken of as either
j hard or soft. Hard waters contain lime
1 and magnesium salts, or other chemical
; substances which curdle soap. The im
! purities usually found in soft water are
■ inconsiderable.
A simple and convenient method of de
; termining whether a water is hard or soft
iis by means of tincture of soap. This
| preparation produces no effect when added
|to pure distilled water. When combined
i with soft water it causes a slight opales
cence, while with hard water a milky
| appearance i 3 produced, which latter is
i due to the formation of an insoluble com
pound through the combination of the
! fatty acids oi the soap with the lime or
magnesium salts existing in the water as
impurities.
Pure water is transparent, colorless,
! tasteless and odorless. Any water that is
| turbid, with an odor and unpleasant taste,
i may be condemned as unfit for consump
tion.
In order to be fit for cookine ana drink
ing, water need not be chemically pure.
Natural water is seldom if ever free from
foreign ingredients.
On the other hand, water may meet all
the other requirements given above and
yet be dangerous because it is contami
nated with disease germs, such as the
bacilli of typhoid and malarial fevers.
Bacteria may be found in all well waters.
When a well is frequently pumped out
and allowed to refill the number of bac
teria is always greatly diminished. The
bacteria usually found in well water are
comparatively harmless. It is only when
the water becomes contaminated with
sewage containing the dangerous varieties
that use of the water becomes perilous.
In water from a well-protected spring
the number of bacteria is usually very
small. In the water of lakes bacteria are
abundant near the shore, while very few
are found in the water obtained from the
middle of the lake.
Water is said to be improved by storing
for a time. As there is not sufficient sus
tenance in the water a sort of starvation
process is carried out and the bacteria per
ish and fall to the bottom.
The idea that freezing destroys bacteria
! is still entertained by many. Repeated
: experiments have proved that freezing
, merely renders them inactive, and that
j they multiply with great rapidity as soon
as the ice is melted and the conditions are
favorable.
Mineral springs are, as a rule, more or
less free from bacteria. This freedom is
attributed to the carbonic acid gas with
which the water is impregnated.
There is no simple method of ascertain
ing the presence of bacteria in water.
The microscope is usually employed for
: that purpose. There is a 'preparation
; known as Pasteur's solution that is some
; times used. This solution consists of ten
; parts of candy sugar, one part of tartrate
| of ammonia, one hundred parts of water
and the ash of one part of yeast.
The solution is mixed with suspected
i water in a flask. If the solution remains
| clear it is an indication that the water is
; free from bacteria. If it becomes subse
; quently turbid it means that bacteria are
j present.
Although there is no simple method of
determining the presence of impurities in
water, there is a very simple way of ren
dering it fit for use, at least so far as bac
teria are concerned. Boiling will destroy
them, one and all.
It is only necessary to boil the water
five minutes, but it is better to boil it ten
or even fifteen minutes when there is rea
son to suspect contamination of a serious
character.
Many people believe that by mixing an
equal quantity of wine with water contain
ing bacteria a harmless drink may be
made. This impression is erroneous. It
is true that some bacteria perish in the
mixture, but the majority do not.
People entertaining such an idea would
better follow the Biblical injunction and
"drink no longer water, but use a little
wine for thy stomach's sake."
How Peace Came to Johx Smith.— Mr.
and Mrs. John Smith did not live
happily together. He was a pretty fair
average husband, and got along pretty
well with her, when she left him. She did
not get along so well with him, and
ofttimes let him know it, after the manner
of her kind. But the trodden worm will
turn. Time, the great leveler and evener
up of all things, brough the occasion. Her
tombstone, erected by the bereaved hus
band, had inscribed upon it, after the cus
tomary birth and death announcements,
the Scriptural quotation, "There remaineth
therefore a rest unto the people of God."—
Judge.
Cycling has become so fashionable
among young women in London that it
has given rise to a new profession for
older but still active women— that of
cycling chaperon.ODDITIES OF THE GOLDEN STATE FOUND OUTSIDE THE BEATEN PATH
THE STRANGE
BIRD THAT IS UNKNOWN
TO ORNITHOLOGISTS.
remmy Harvey of Soncma Has an
Uncouth Pet That Has No
Standing in the Natural
History Books.
Tommy Harvey, a boy of 10, living on
the outskirts of Sonoma, has the strangest j
bird pet of any boy in the State. It may >
be, of course, that some great ornithologist
might find an ur pronounceable name for j
the creature, but men who have lived in I
the vicinity for :tiirty years and done con- !
sidera'ole huntng say they never saw its !
like before, ani most of them never want
to again, for the shock to their nervous
systems by rue first sight of it was most j
severe. Nor can they be blamed, for the ,
appearance of Tommy Harvey's bird is i
enough to make a man drink water ex
clusively for the rest of his life.
Tom:ny found this out and it furnished
him with great amusement. The first
man who saw the bird came upon it sud- |
den!y while Tommy was playing with it in
the road. He gave a jump and a howl and
ran away so fast he looked like a whole j
regiment of soldiers. Almost anybody !
fse would have done the same thing. In j
fact, Tommy Harvey's bird looks like the j
torrid memory of an attack of delirium j
tremens, and any drinking man would I
momentarily expect to see a countless i
multitude just like it come suddenly out of
space.
IfcTommy Harvey caught his bird about
ten days ago. He was out hunting for
frogs in a marsh not far from town, and
was having a good time, as boys will, i
Suddenly he heard a sound, between a I
screech and a whistle, that made him
jump. He started to run and saw the
strange bird directly in front of him. Of
course it did not frighten him as badly as
it did some people who have seen it since,
but for several moments he thought there
was a sledge-hammer inside of him where
his heart ought to be. As boys have a
powerful habit cf doing, Tommy got over j
that feeling and started to investigate the
bird. It was not the least bit afraid of
him. He used a long stick at first, for the
bird to exercise its beak on, until he saw j
that it could not bite very hard. Gradually ;
he got nearer and nearer, arxl braver and
braver as he assured himself of the queer
bird's harmlessness.
In a short time Tommy mustered up
courage enough to stroke the bird's back. |
This seemed to please it and it humped
itself in delight. Tommy was delighted
also and was not long in making up his I
mind to take the bird home. He had for
gotten all about the frogs and they
croaked and croaked in unmolested glee.
When Tommy reached home with his
prize he first showed it to his mother.
But that good woman did not want to
look at it. She simply gave a shriek and
fled from the house the moment Tommy
set it on the floor. The bird, of course,
did not mind the shriek and proceeded to j
make itself at home. Tommy fed it the j
best there was in the house, and also all
there was in the house, and still it was
hungry. It ate and ate, and Tommy's
mother, who by this lime had recovered
enough to sneak around the side of the
bouse and peep in a window, was willing
that it should have all it wanted.
Tommy then took his bird out on the
street and created great consternation j
among the men and envy among the other j
boys because it did not belong to them.
The first night Tommy owned the bird he
wanted to take it to bed with him. His
mother allowed him to do this, but boy
and bird both slept in the woodshed.
Tommy has since made up his mind that
the bird can sleep by itself in the wood
shed. He said he was not afraid— of
course not— but it was lonesome out there,
and his pet wanted to play with him and
wouldn't let him sleep 4
There ere a great many peculiar things |
about the appearance of Tommy's bird. It
looks like a combination of ostrich, eagle
and owl. It is very young, not more than
three weeks old, and yet it is at least
eighteen inches high, or larger than a baby
ostrich of the same age. It is covered with
a soft, white fuzz like a young duck, and
has feet that look to be about twice the
size they ought to be. Passing down the
sides of the creature are a series of stripes
of brown color like a zebra; and its head —
it's a nightmare. ' Projecting from a dark
circle on its face is the beak of a vulture,
while the eyes are small and wicked- !
looking. The bird's wings are dark in |
color, and most of the time hang down at
its sides. It cannot fly yet and is not able
to walk much. The size of the bird is
most deceiving in regard to its weight. It
looks as heavy as a .big turkey, but really
doe» not weigh more than tnree pounds.
A WONDERFUL
DOG THAT PLAYS THE PART
OF PEDAGOGUE.
Born in Liverpool, but Now Delights
and Astonishes Those Who Fre
quent the Clay-Street
Market.
Jack is the name of the smartest dog in
Clay-street Market, and there are lots of
dogs with big brain-pans in that establish
ment. The peculiarity of Jack, however,
is that he is most desirous of imparting
his knowledge to the rest of his breed.
Not only is Jack a smart dog but he is a
trained doe, which is further proof to the
adace that "a rolling stone gets polished."
Jack first saw the light of day in Liver
pool, about five years ago, in a little saloon
near the monster floating dock; but of
course he don't want everybody to know
this. As the saloon-keeper had a good
many more just like him he cave Jack to
a ship's captain, who took him on many
long voyages.
Jack caw a great many strange
lands, but did not take a liking to
any of them until he struck California.
He had no sooner got inside the Golden
Gate than he knew that he had struck the
best part of the world. Home ties were
strong, though, and Jack was undecided
about staying Here, until one day he wan
dered up Clay street into the market.
That settled it. No more England and
free trade for Jack and no more sailing
the stormy seas. Clay street was a good
deal better than Lime street when the
meat question was considered.
Jack is really the property of Uri & Co.,
although he makes his home in any of the
stalls he pleases. He was not in the mar
ket very long before it was known that he
could perform many tricks the sailors had
taught him. For awhile he had all of the
glory of this to himself, and then sud
denly made up his mind to impart some of
his knowledge to his fellows.
It was no trouble for Jack to get pupils,
as he is on friendly terms with all the
dogs in town, and many of them showed
a Btrong disposition to gain some of his
accomplishments. The trouble was that
they could not learn. It was as easy as
fun for Jack to stand on his head, but
most of those he tried to teach generally
succeeded only in breaking their noses.
He tried many simpler tricks, but to the
same end — failure.
It was then that Jack hit on the idea of
taking his pupila when they were quHe
young, and his efforts have been crowned
with success. He now has a class every
day at such hours as he can find a puppy
willing to go through instruction.
Those who believe that animals are un
able to communicate ideas to one another
should watch Jack and one of his pupils.
He will first do a certain thing himself,
and then appears to explain it to the
puppy. The youngster is attentive, and
then tries to imitate his master.
Of course, the puppies learn some things
quicker than others. Rat killing, for in
stance, they pick up very rapidly. Jack's
method of doing this is to catch the rat,
gently at first, and throw it into the air.
When the squealing rodent is descending,
he gives it one rap across its spinal column
and the rat has nothing more to say. The
puppies enjoy learning this trick, but don't
always do it as gracefully as Jack. They
kill the rat, though, before they get
through, or Jack finds out the reason why.
During the three years he has been in the
market Jack has taught many dozen
puppies to become proficient ratters. He
is the best of teachers, because he holds
the coast record of 115 rats in a single
night. Knowing this, it is easy to account
for the scarcity of rats in the Clay-street
market.
Jack has taught many puppies to stand
on their heads and to stand on their hind
legs, as well as jumping over high obstacles |
and other similar feats. He has tried in j
vain, however, to teach any of them to
climb a ladder or turn a back handspring,
both of which he does easily and grace
fully himself. But he never gets tired,
and still hopes to accomplish his purpose.
Almost every day he can be seen hard at
work. He gets one or more puppies and
makes them watch him climb a ladder.
The puppies, however, are satisfied to lei
him do it, and refuse to make the attempt
themselves. In such cases Jack is likely
to take a squealing youngster by the bacic
of the neck and try to boost him up the
ladder.
It occasionally happens that Jack's lad
der-climbing gets him into trouble. He
can go up all right, but cannot turn
around and come down. He has to jump,
and Bhould he in his enthusiasm climb too
high for this must wait for some of the
men to take him down. This is not al
ways convenient, and Jack often has to
wait a long time before relief comes.
The men in the market are quite proud
of all of Jack's accomplishments. But
the)' are still prouder of his attempts to
impart them to his friends. They think,
therefore, that San Francisco can boast ot
the only dog pedagogue in the world.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
THE BIGGEST
BRANDY STILL IN ALL THE
WIDE WORLD.
Greatest in Size and Capacity and
Located on the El Pinal Vine
yard in San Joaquin
County.
California is a big State, and most of the
things within its borders are in compari
son. This is true particularly as concerns
horticultural and viticultural matters. It
known that the Lucerne vineyard in Kings
County is the largest acreage in the world
devoted to the growing of raisin grapes.
A few weeks ago The Call published a
picture of the largest wine vat in the
world and this week is able to produce a
drawing of the largest brandy still in the
world.
When the word "largest" is used in this
instance it does not mean largest in point
of the size of the machine, but in point of
! capacity. To explain this it is necessary
to state that distilling apparatus has been
constantly improving within the last ten
years. The process virtually remains the
same, but the machinery has been made
to occupy less space. One of the old-fash
ioned stills, such as are in general use
throughout the East and in Europe, with
the same capacity of the largest in the
world, would occupy about ten times the
space in cubic measure.
The largest brandy still in the world is
on the El Pinal vineyard in San Joaquin
County, not far from Stockton. It is the
property of George West, and part of it
has been built about four years and the
other part was finished only a short time
ago. As is well known, the El Pinal vine
yard has always made a specialty of brandy
and sweet wines. It was the intention of
the proprietors to do this when they went
into business, and for that reason they had
the largest still built that was ever put up.
That was, as has been stated, about four
years ago, and even then it was ahead of
anything cisc in existence. It could pro
duce more brandy in twenty-four hours
than any other still in the worid, and it
has not been surpassed since. But even
that was not enough to supply all of the
alcohol needed in their business, so an
other still was built and made to work in
connection with the original one. The
j two are really one still as they are used,
and have about three times the capacity
of any other still in the world.
This enormous machine is located in a
building by itself, and part of the year is
kept running day and night. It is very
complicated in its workings, so that a de
scription of that part of it cannot be at
tempted here. It will be sufficient to state
that the grapejuice or wine is pumped
from the vats to a tank on top of the still.
From there it simply passes through a
series of heated chambers in the form of a
vapor and comes out in the shape of
brandy. It can be tested in the different
chambers and the change noted. In the
In the first chamber it is little more than
warm wine, and it gradually gets stronger
and stronger, until it is sharp to taste.
From the time the wine leaves the tank
until it comes out as grape brandy only
ten minutes is occupied. In the old meth
od of distilling it used to take about three
hours.
In appearance the largest brandy still in
the world is simply a conglomeration of
tanks, pipes and boilers. The accompany
ing drawing shows only a portion of the ap
paratus, as it i 9 impossible to show all of
it in one picture, owing to the way it is
placed in the building.
Tne capacity of this still is enough to
make a person wonder what becomes of
all of its products. When running full
time it can convert 15,000 gallons of wine
into brandy a day. This will make about
4000 gallons every twenty-four hours, or
enough to keep about 40,000 men in a state
of intoxication during that time. In a
month there would be enough cf brandy
on hand to intoxicate 1,200,000 men, or
about tne entire population of New York.
But as it happens, very little of this
brandy is sold as brandy. It is used to
"fortify" sweet wines so that they will be
in condition to keep until ready to send to
market. The alcohol acts as a preserva
tive of the grape juice the same as it would
of anything else. It keeps it from turn
ing sour.
THE CURIOUS
MARKING OF ARROWHEAD
MOUNTAIN.
Strange Freak of Nature Plain'y
Visible on the Side of a Great
Eminence in Sonoma
County.
Who is not interested in the strange
forms that can often be seen in the rock
formations of mountain sides? People
will travel hundreds of miles to see some
combination of rocks that has accident
ally taken the shape of a man's head.
They will stand, almost in awe, before a
cliff on the side of which groups of figures
can be seen, by a good stretch of the imag
ination, when the same work done by a
human being would not arrest their atten
tion for a moment. All of which shows
that nearly everybody has some admira
tion for nature and are even inclined to
give ber a shade the best of it when judg
ing her efforts at reproducing herself.
Down in San Bernardino County them
is a spot on a mountain-side that has
taken very much the formation of an
Indian arrowhead. Ever since it was dis
covered it has been a sort of show place
for tourists in the vicinity, many of them
traveling many miles to see it. It proved
to be such an attraction that a big hotel
was built near by, and there were often
hundreds of visitors in a day. And yet it
took considerable imagination to see the
arrowhead, even after one had it located,
which was not easy to do, as the whole
mountain side was nearly the same color,
the curious effect being produced by a
smooth gray rock that was surrounded by
rough ones a little darker, and the dull
grasses and weeds that grew between them.
People were so interested in the curiosity
that it was almost impossible for some
time to keep enough photographs on hand
to supply the demand. All guide-books of
the southern part of the State contain pic
tures of it, so that its fame is world-wide.
While this freak of nature has been prov
ing such an attraction one of the same
kind in Sonoma County has scarcely been
heard of, and it is really a great deal more
remarkable. It is on the western slope of
a mountain, just to the northward of Vine
yard station and can be seen for many
miles. It requires no imagination to see
it, as it is of a much lighter color than the
rest of the mountain and always standß
out in strong relief. In fact the contrast
is almost equal to black and white.
This freak ot nature has not only been
a curiosity to white people, but it is known
that the Indians had some «ort of resrard
for it. When it first came into existence
is not known. It was there when the
Mexicans came and they were told by
their Indian predecessors that it had been
referred to in the legends of their tribes
for a thousand moons or more.
Tue Mexicans paid little attention to
the Arrowhead further than to think it
queer. Many of them went up to it but of
course it then lost its curious aspect
and became a patch of bare mountain land.
It was difficult to get the Indians to talk
of the Arrowhead, but the. cause of this
aversion has never been ascertained.
About twenty years ago a number of the
residents of Sonoma determined to make
an exploration of the peak and started to
work with pick and shovel. In less than
five hours they had found a whole wagon
load of Indian pottery. In a few months
the whole surface of the Arrowhead had
been dug over and hundreds of curious
objects found, totally different from
those In use by the Indians of the present
day. All efforts to find out what they
were proved failures. The Indians abso
lutely refused to talk about them and from
the day the groui;d was first broken it has
been impossible to get an Indian within a
mile of the locality.
The Sonoma County Arrowhead lies with
its tip pointing uphill and towards the
north. It is perfect In form and has
shaft that shows plainly. The arrowhead
itself Is of a sort of a light clay color, ana
the surroundings are very dark green. It
was evidently caused by a landslide. Aside
from the strange shape the landslide took
it is stranger stijl that nothing has since
grown on the spot. The land is of a good
quality, and in the many years it has been
exposed to the action of the rains should
have become fertile.
THE LARGEST
GROWTH OF CACTUS HEDGE
IN THE WORLD.
A Remarkable Prickly Pear Tree
That Flourishes Wonderfully
Though Far From Its
Native Soil.
One of the most puzzling things to botan
ists is the fact that plants can occasionally
be found growing to perfection, and even
abnormally, under conditions directly op
posite to what is generally accepted as
needful to them.
One of the most pronounced examples of
this can be seen in the big cactus hedge at
Sonoma. Under any circumstances this
vegetable growth would be a curiosity, as
it is undoubtedly one of the largest, if not
the largest, in ths world.
It is said to have been planted about
sixty years ago by the good padres who
founded the mission of Sonoma. They
were all men who had spent their lives
farther south, and the sight of a cactus
tree was almost as necessary to them as
their daily food. To be sure a few tiny
examples of the prickly pear could be
found on the hills, but those were not
what the padres wanted. They wanted
the kind that grows in Southern Califor
nia and on the deserts of Arizona.
So they obtained a few roots from San
Diego, it is said, and soon had their gar
den under way. They expected to have
something grand, but it is safe to say that
in their wildest dreams they never con
jured up anything like the hedge now
growing.
This giant prickly pear hedge is just
back of the old mission and close to the
church General Vallejo built for his sol
diers. It is one of the sights of Sonoma,
and at present looks its best, because it is
in bloom.
The most striking thing about the hedge
is its great height, although it covers
nearly 600 square feet of land. It grows
in a sort of row over 100 feet long and
about ten feet wide at the widest point. It
tapers to the end 9or it would cover 1000
feat.
The accompanying picture only shows !
a portion of the hedge at the widest point,
but is enough to give an idea of the height
of the tallest tree. To measure this ex- '
actly is, of course, a difficult matter, as !
the tallest tree is in the center of a thick
growth of stickers. A few weeks ago a ;
rough "sight" measurement was made
with a level and a pole and the result
showed thirty-two feet.
This is nearly correct, as the picture
shows the tree to be about rive times the j
height of a lady, which would be twenty- j
five feet. Allowing for the fact that the
lady is about fifteen feet nearer the camera !
than the tallest prickly pear would just !
about make it, according to perspective
measurement.
The prickly pear is not generally con
sidered beautiful, but the hedge at Sonoma I
is really pleasing to look at. The large j
blue-green leaves that look so thick and j
clumsy here produce an artistic effect.
There are so many of them, and they have
a way of being thrown into strong relief
against the dark shadows of the interior
of the hedge, that is almost uncanny, as it j
makes them seem to be suspended in air.
Of course, the hedge being in bloom now,
it looks better than usual, as the bright
red flowers lend an additional charm. One
of the peculiar effects to be observed in
this hedge is that it is not swayed by the
wind except when a gale is blowing.
Grass, weeds and other trees near by are
tossed about gracefully, but the prickly
pear, on account of being so heavy, re
mains as rigid as if cut out of stone.
This remarkable hedge has been of al
most its present size for many years. As
fast as new leaves form old ones fall off.
A CITY THAT
IS BUILT ON THE BAY OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
Houses and Thoroughfares That Pro
ject From the Lsnl Far Out
Over the Mission Mud
Flats.
The people of San Francisco do not re
ally know just how many interesting and
unusual things there are around about j
them. Or is it that there are so many
strange and curious things*on every hand
that one grows callous and passes them j
by without notice?
Down on the Mission mud flats, just off
the mouth of the channel, there is a little
city on the water that in almost any other
part of the world would be a sight to show
all visitors. Thousands of people pass it
daily and never give it notice. Some
patriotic citizens may explain this by say
ing that there are so many interesting
things here that the one in question is of
no importance, which may be all very
true. But there is no denying the fact I
that it is worthy of a great deal more at- |
tention than it has received in the past.
The commencement of this city's build- j
ing dates back about ten yeirs. It was at I
the time the pier was built out toward ;
Mission Rouk. This naturally made work
for a great many people in the immediate
vicinity, and the pier became a central \
point for doing business.
As the business of Mission Rock grew so
grew the pier, and soon a number of boat
builders were located there. At first they
had only their workshops there, but soon
moved their household effects also. Houses
were built on the pier, and the main pas- !
sapeway became like a street.
Later on a time came when there was no
longer room on the pier for houses. Such
a trifle did not interfere with the prospec
| tive builders, however. It was a little
I more work, but they drove piles in the
j mud as near the pier as was necessary for
i their purpose and let some of the houses
j hang over. This has been going on for a
j long time and at present the city covers
many acres.
It is certainly one of the most pictur
esque places in the State. The buildings
| are constructed on easy lines and in such
| positions as best suited the builders. The
| result is a conglomeration of sky-lines,
; broken here and there with flagpoles and
i chimneys. Many of the buildings are in
I the form of a balcony and hang over the
water in the most threatening manner.
But they are most likely safe enough and
i nobody has ever heard of anybody loosing
; sleep through fear of taking a plunge into
i the waters of the bay.
In this little city on the water there are
J about 150 people living. Most of them are
engaged in some sort of maritime business,
such as fishing or boat-building, and the
others are there to supply their wants.
I There are no large dry-goods stores in this
i town, and one will searcli in vain for a j
i church. But a first-class saloon has been
prosperous for many years. One man
keeps a sort of general store and his wife
i takes in boarders. At least, she did for a
long time.
They are a happy lot ot people, these
San Francisco Venetians. None of them
work themselves to death and they have
plenty to eat and drink. They also have
time to entertain the few visitors they
may have. In other respects the town is
j like any other. Babies are born there and
old people die occasionally, just the same
as in any other part of the world.
When seen from any direction this curi- j
ous town presents a picturesque and artistic
I appearance. The piles on which it is built
are not in the best of repair and are cov
ered with barnacles that give them a rich
gray-green color.
IKE TONDRICK,
THE INFANT SANDOW OF
BUSH STREET.
A Wonderful San Francisco Child of
Three Years That Can Lift
and Carry More Than
Forty Pounds.
It is only within the last year, however,
that Ike has taken to "showing off" what
he could do. He was able to walk when
only a few months old, but his mother did
not allow him out on the street. When he
was two years old, however, it became im
possible to restrain him. Ropes to tie him
we're snapped like bits of string, and he
would seize anything within reach to
break down a door so that he could get
out of a room.
Ike Tondrick is only a child of three,
but he has more strength than most of 10.
And he delights in it to such an extent
that he puts in most of his time testing it.
Little Ike's home is on Bush street, near
Taylor, and his parents are both strong
healthy people in tne prime of life, so the
boy comes by his phenomenal strength
honestly. He always was strong, and
when only a baby showed great vigor in
many ways.
Mrs. Tondrick attempted to combat
this propensity for some time, but at ■ last
it became monotonous and the boy was
allowed to have his way. And he has had
it. No boy of twice his years dare cross
him and he makes it lively for any young
ster that annoys him, no matter what his
age.
As a fighter Ike is in a class by himself,
but he shows his strength more markedly
in his act of carrying heavy articles.
Twenty-five pounds is nothing to him.
Thirty he can carry easy and when he
tries he can transport it for a distance of a
block, which is a good deal for anybody.
The other morning Ike and a number of
boys were at play and it seems that a
large block of wood was needed to hold
up a certain corner of the stage. Some
repairs are being; made to the schoolhouse
fence on the corner of Bush and Taylor
streets, and Ike concluded that the desired
object could be obtained there. He found
ju&t the thing that was wanted — a beam
four feet long and seven inches thick both
ways.
To have even lifted this would have
taxed the strength of most boys, but the
young Sandow picked it up as if it was a
chip. He held it in his arms and walked
all the way to where the other boys were
without resting. When he got there it
took two of them to move it to where it
was wanted. Ike's great feat, though, it
to carry another boy. He will pick up
one larger than himself and carry him a
great distance. He carried a stone from
one end of the block to tne other a few
days ago, and when it was weighed at the
grocery it tipped the beam at forty pounds.
In appearance Ike is a good-looking boy,
although a little heavy. But he is solid.
No superfluous fat about him. He is all
muscle and bone. His complexion is a
beautiful cream and pink in spite of the
fact that he is out in the sun most of the
time. And how he can eat; anything — no
matter what — disappears like magic when
placed on a plate in front of him. He was
never sick a day in his life and from his
&ppparance is not likely to be.
His disposition is remarkably good, con
sidering the opportunities he has to play
the bully. He is ready to help anybody in
trouble and is not afraid of getting into it
himself. In fact he likes trouble, particu
larly if it is of a lively kind, with plenty
of kicking and scratching.
There is only one thing that mars Ike's
happiness in life, and that is the fact that
he has to wear dresses. He says he is a
boy, but his mother thinks he looks bet
ter in girls' clothes, and that good lady
is a person that Ike don't trifle with, ex
cept she tries to keep him in the bouse.
It is all right if he can get away, but if he
tears his clothes often she is sure to find it
out and he has to pay for it.
To see this child carrying a heavy load
is an almost grotesque sight. Forty
pounds of wood is as large as he is. lie
certainly has a great future before him.
2526
Keep in This Position When You Fall Overboard and You Will
Not Drown.
HOW NOT TO DROWN
There is no need of drowning simply be
cause you happen to fali overboard. Keep
cool, have a little confidence in yourself,
follow these few and simple directions, and
you may float safely till help arrives, no
matter how long the coming. All this,
within reason, of course. Ii assistance
does not come to you before you die of
starvation, certainly you will not be saved.
A collateral truth is that you must be
gifted with enough physical endurance to
remain in this natural and easy position
until tlie help arrives. If you lose your
wits, however, and be^in to struggle, you
will drown as sure as the law of gravity
prevails.
Not Ion:: ago, in New York, the body of
a man was hshed out of East River and
taken to the morgue as dead. Evidently
the body had been in the water for many
hours, and you can imagine the astonish
ment of every one when the apparent
corpse showed signs of returning conscious
ness and eventually sat up and began to
talk. This remarkable occurrence led the
Pittsburg Dispatch to take up the matter
and treat it from a scientific standpoint.
Samuel Cockran was the name of tbe
man who so miraculously escaped drown
ing. One of the authorities cited in the
matter says:
"Cockran's case is by no means as
peculiar as it would seem ai first thought,
and is in no wav mysterious when a few
scientific principles are understood.
There is no manner of calculating how
soon a body will sink, and no absolute
certainty of telling how long a body has
been in the water. It is all a matter of j
guesswork. As a general rule a human
body is of about the same weight as the i
water of the river. In other words, the
specific gravity of the body is equal to the i
bulk of water which it displaces. I say
about equal, for there are conditions i
which make this otherwise — the tide at :
times affects the water of the river, while
stout people, with small bones, are rruch j
lighter than lean, large-boned people.
Taking the general rule without the con
ditions, then, a body will rarely ever sink
of its own accord."
"How is It, then, that people who fall i
into the water are usually drowned ?"
"That is entirely due to the struggles of ;
the person in the water. The bulk of i
water displacement and the gravity of :
bodies are so nicely balanced that the i
MY MIDNIGHT VISITOR
The midhour of night, as a rule, is the
accepted time and a dimly lighted top
floor back room in a gloomy tenement a
favorite place for uncanny happenings.
These essential elements were present.
Time, place and occurrence were in keep
ing one with another. Hues, the artist,
occupied a top-floor rear apartment. He
•was crippled with rheumatism, doubled
up in a manner painful to behold ; bound
hand and foot as it were by the malady
which bad made him its victim. He was
alone, moreover, and I had given bis
sorry plight many a thought during the
day. My last sketch for the nipht fin
ished I hastened away from the artroom
of the morning newspaper and was soon
afterward in the presence of my friend
Hues.
"Great God, I'm starved!" he cried as
I entered the door after feeling my way
through blactcness up three flights of
stairs. "Here lam chained up by this ac
cursed ailment, can't move a limb and
haven't touched food for a day."
"Too bad, old boy," said I, "and I'll
rush up a supper for you."
"Just coffee now, please,'' was the sick
man's request. Stumbling blindly down
the dark stairway, I was soon in the res
taurant A stimulant, I thought, couldn't
be a bad thing for Hues; so I purchased a
quart-bottle of whisky, which 1 buried in
an Inside pocket of my greatcoat, and,
being supplied with a steaming cup of
coffee, wended my way carefully back to
the sufferer. Hues sipped the hot bever
age and seemed much relieved. Then I
drew out the whisky.
"Ah! thanks," said Hues, "a ruboing
with gome of that liquor will benefit my
limbs, I believe."
Hark ! wasn't that a groan of agony from
Ihe hallway? I grasped the candie.-tick
from the table and started for the door;
but I stopped like one shot, as a ghostly
form swelled up out of the shadow and
confronted me.
"Oh, my heart!" gasped the form. It
was the great, tall frame of a man. He
had a knotted grizzly beard and long gray
Lair pushed back from his forehead. Hi 9
mouth was wide open as if to draw into j
his lunes all the air possible, and his look '
of dire distress is indelibly stamped on my
memory.
Trembling, I stood with the oandle in
one ha:id; the bottle of whisky in the
other. The ghastly figure caught sight of
the bottle. He seemed to have lost his
speech. His eyes rolled, his jaws moved
from side to side; he extended a hand
toward the bottle, while with the other
hand he motioned in the direction of his
chasm-like mouth.
Setting down the candle I uncorked the j
most trivial thing will cause one to out
weigh the other. The proper position for
a man in the water who seeks to prevent
himself from sinking is to maintain an up- ■
ri<:ht position, his head thrown back so |
that the entire body is submerged, with I
only the mouth and nostrils above the '
surface of the water. There is a great deal
of sense in the saying that a drowning
man will catch at a straw, for the smallest
bit of wood will give such assistance to
the body as to permit a man in the water
to raise his entire head from the water,
and so look about him. Without the aid
of this straw of help, a hand or even a
finger raised above the water will make
the advantage against the man, and his
head must be forced below the surface."
"Once a man is under water his body
must sink to the bottom, must it not ?"
"Not necessarily. The man will be
drowned, but his body may stay on the
surface. Once a man's head is under
water, in his attempt to breathe he will
take in a quantity of water. This, enter
ins the ftomach, takes the place of the air
which was there, makes the body heavier
than it is naturally and so affects the
body's gravity that it will sink. But in
the case of fleshy persons that I have men
tioned, the amount of water taken in is
not always sufficient to outbalance the
water displacement, and so the body will
not sink."
"But you speak only of persons who are
conscious when they fall in ti>e water.
This man Cockran, from the nature of the
wounds on his head, must have been un
conscious when he fell into the river."
"Just so. I was coming to that. Strange
as it may seem, Cocsran by falling into
the water when unconscious stood a better
chance of remaining on the surface than if
he had been conscious. Being uncon- <
scious, he did not struggle to save himself '■
in a way that would have surely sent him '
to the bottom of the river. There was no :
gasp for breath, and consequently no
water entered the stomach to take the
place of air there.
"His body, then, equally balancing the
water which it took the place of. remained i
on the surface, and would have remained
there until he became conscious and strug
gled or until he died. On the same prin
ciple, a man who is dead when he falls or
is thrown into the river rarely sinfcs at all,
or not for a long time." >
whisky in an instant and dashed a power
ful dose of it into a handy glass, which
was snatched from me in a twinkling and
tossed without a swallow, down the throat
of <he midnight visitor.
"Tortures!" he yelled, as he beat his
head with one hand, while with the other
he pushed back the j;lass for another in
stallment. "Racking pains! Killing me!"
No sooner was the glass filled a second
time than the contents followed the pre
ceding measure. Another and still an
other glasstul I poured out. It disappeared
in the same way. I was growing weak
from the strain ; a cold perspiration was
over me. Glass after glass I filled, until
the bottle had shed its last drop. Even
then tne weird stranger motioned for
more. The formation of his throat must
have been peculiar. He didn't swallow —
he tossed the liquor down, and it seemed
to be precipitated directly, without any
semblance of any intervening operation,
into the deeps of his organism.
Meantime Hues had risen up in bed, his
eyes riveted on the figure in white, throw
ing strong liquor into himself without any
apparent effect. The sudden and unex
pected ghostly comlne. the unearthly
looks and actions, the dim light, the hour,
were all calculated to cliill the blood and
make the hair stand on end like quills
upon the fretful porcupine.
Noiselessly the figure shrunk back
toward the door. Unconsciously I fol
lowed. Now I was peering out into the
dark hallway. Tne ghostly visitor was
gone ! I turned to attend to my patient,
who had been out of my thoughts
for a time, when, to my amazement, I en
countered him at my elbow. Hues walked
the length of the room, dressed himself
and marveled much at the aiscovery that
his rheumatism had passed away. He
was feeling like a new man, and at 2 a. m.
ate supper in the cafe below. We told the
story of the night's bogie to another occu
pant of tne house, which, by the way, is
not 1000 feet distant from the corner of
Clay and Montgomery streets.
The new party laughed heartily. "Same
old trick!" he cried. "Harry Siegfried
has been playing that same game here for
years. His stomach is copper-lined. His
throat is simply a straight pipe-line to his
stomach from his funnel of a mouth.
That man would make a great pantomime
artixt, wouldn't he! He tackles only new
comers, and generally has to shriek for
the stimulants, which stranters hasten to
procure in onler to save a life. Some
times he frightens the wits out of people.
But you are fortunate in the premises, my
boys for Siegfried appears to have fright
ened the rheumatism out of one of you,
at the very moderate cost of oue quart
bottle I" M
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
"DOWN THE THROAT OF THE MIDNIGHT VISITOR."
THE MODERN CUMULATIVE STORY
The evolution of the modern cumula
tive newspaper story is easy. All that is
necessary is a unit of any sort, an air of
plausibility and a rudimentary knowledge
of the multiplication table. For instance,
a man eats one and three-fourths pounds
of solid matter for lunch and drinks one
fourth of a pound of liquids. There is
nothing unusual about that; but suppose
he should lay inside of his stomach one
year's provisions at one meal? Of course,
he could not do that, but it is easy for a
space-writer to assume that there is some
where a gentleman with insides of indefi
nite elasticity and expansive ability and
then the story is made. The process is
represented by this mathematical formula:
Two pounds x 3 (meals) x 365 (days)
equals 1 year's supply.
It then easily appears that the man has
consumed, all at one sitting, 2190 pounds
of food and drink, or a little over one ton.
Naturally the public smiles at one man's
exploits, but when it appears that some
anonymous scientist has discovered a fluid
which will make all men equally elastic
and the possibilities for San Francisco,
for instance, run like this:
As 1 man is to 320,000 so are 2190 pounds
eaten by 1 man at 1 meal to 710,800,000
pounds eaten by San Francisco at 1 break
fast.
Tbe enraptured public having followed
this story through to this bewildering re
sult, sympathizes unanimously with the
coarse male voice which breaks in at this
point, saying:
"Well, I'll be ; what will these news
paper fellows get next to till up with? 1 '
Tne truth is that the "cumulative freak
story writer" has been too modest hereto
fore. He has fondly rattled the chinks in
hii pocket on the basis of local calcula
ion. He has permitted some "pent-up
Utica" to restrain his powers, regardless
of the true statement of the poet that "the
whole boundless universe is ours." What
the public want is the best and most com
prehensive. It does well enough to esti
mate bow far the elbows of all the band
organ grinders of San Francisco travel in
a year or a lifetime; possibly well enough
to give us the facts possessing intrinsic in- j
terest concerning the cumulative energy
of all the boys who "shoot craps"
around Lotta's fountain; not neces
sarily bad to inform us with what
a resounding thwack some mythical horse
on the "bob-car" street lines could knock
the driver from the platform if all the
power wasted by other horses around town
in the brushing away of flies were concen
trated in one blow to be dealt by his tail
at the unlucKy driver. These are live
topics, the lack of due discussion of which
would hurt; but the fact is that the field is
not wide enough.
Hark to the tramp of the multitudes in all
climes and all countries! Their rhythmic
footfalls truly "echo around the globe."
By tens of thousands and millions, the
cadence never ceasing, as the sun alter
nately shines on one part or another of
the earth's pleasing circumference, this
multitudinous army marches forever.
Toddling with feeble steps from the
cradle; running with nimble feet toward
the schooihouse; walking with dignified
tread to the academic stage; firmly press
ing the earth in the advance toward ma
turity; poised and equable in the day«j
when silver hairs are multiplied; S3date
and slow, with halting footfall toward the
setting sun.
The measured step of millions of sol
diers; the airy ascent of millions of sail
ors aloft in the rigging ; the dizzy whirling
or the waltzers; the ponderous concussion I
of the policemen's feet upon the pave- I
ment; the uncertain passage of the inebri- !
ates; Lhe shuffling gait of the professional
tramps ; the weary mileage of njiliious of
fond fathers, babies in their arms,
throughout the silent (?) watches of the
night.
' It is respectfully submitted that the true
"freak story" has in these steps, if they
could be piled one upon another, a yarn
which could reach so high tbat no one can
easily surpass it and that is the ultimate
aim of tne "freak story," to go so far that
no one can possibly go further. The sub
ject of piled up footsteps cannot be ex
hausted in one article, but in limited space
some hints may be thrown out to meas
urably guide the insatiable seeker for the
unusual in some slight degree.
First, concerning the people on the
earth who are qualified to take steps of
differing lengths. There are 5,684.600 in
Oceanica, 33,342,700 in South America,
88,386,084 in North America, 168,499,017 in
Africa, 357,851,850 in Europe, 825,954,000 in
Asia, 11,170 in the polar regions. The
grand total is 1,479,717,981. The exactness '
of these figures is vouched for by a statis
tical publication. Of these, according to
popular belief, there is only one nation on
the earth whose footsteps can be approxi
mately measured. The notable exception
is in Spain, where there are 28,911.609 per
sons (including the Spanish colonies), who
havo been taught to "walk Spanish."
The most lively men on earth are bill
collectors, and the number of these may
be estimated only approximately. They
can, however, be safely placed at 3,000,000,
who are dodged and told to "call again"
by at least 120,000,000. The steadiest trav
elers are the letter-carriers, who are all the
world over at least 500,000. The great
army of men and women walking with
crying babies number at least 10.000,000,
who step more according to circumstances
than by fixed rule. The messenger
boys vary; the cash boys ditto; the fire
men walk up anc down ladders more than
on a level perhaps, the policemen make it
difficult to estimate their mileage by walk
ing around so many corners, soldiers vary
according to the digestion of the Emperor
or Czar or other ruler.
Poets who are not "doing time" in a
treadmill are an uncertain quantity.
Schoolboys also befog the calculation by
the celerity with which they run around
bases at baseball and the comparative
slowness with which they "ao erramls."
The professional tramps have their sched
ule seriously interfered with by farmers'
docs.
Shall kicks count as steps? That is to
be discussed by the accurate freak-story
writer. There are in the Uniled States
84,4:34,000 milking cows which have to
be kicked at least once per day on an
average. There are ballet girls who make
a variable record kicking at chandeliers or
silk hats. Then tke football players and
the suburban committees.
To show how difficult it will be to make
out a mathematically accurate freak-story
on these lines the following facts are
quoted: ,
It takes twice as Jong to come Home
from a church social as it does to go.
An essential accompaniment of "barn
raisinjzs" in New Jersey is "apple-jack,"
and in Connecticut hard cider.
The speed of the fleeing frontiersman
regulates the pace of the noble red man at
a "hair-raising."
Thomas Bard of Mumfordville, Ky.,
stepped from the Green River railroad
bridge, a distance to the water below of
130 feet, in 1881, and Steve Brodie made an
equally phenomenal step at the East River
bridge, in New York. This does not affect
the general averaee of the people who
dwell on "the Steppes.''
It is an open question whether bicycle
riding consists of steps or pushes; also
whether a "slide" between bases is a step.
The distance over which a policeman
travels in the United States varies from
.20 of one mile, on the average, in New
York city, to 24.29 miles in Sioux City, la.
There are only seventy- five feet of fire
men's ladders at Omaha and 7000 feet in
New York City.
Professor Walton waltzed sixteen hours
consecutively at New York.
Kicks at "St. Valentine" day bricks are
placed at 5,000,000 per annum, but this is
only a guess.
While the width of sidewalks at Mil
waukee is twenty-seven feet the town is
full of breweries. Taunton has only six
foot sidewalks, but there are sixty miles
of shade trees and 800 street lampposts
along the edges of the walks.
However, it is best to sweep aside all
difficulties and make bold estimates, for
the reader will like it jusi as well, and it is
easier to do that way. Here is the result:
There are 739,868,990 of the female sex
!on earth. These figures are reached by
dividing the total population by two, the
idea being to give the women an equal
chance with men. Of these, 10 per cent
may be babies unable to walk, but they
have to be walked with, and so they keep
up the average. The Chinese women
number about .200,000,000 and the Turks
20,000,000, and they don't walk much, but
their civilized sisters "window shop"
enough to offset the Mongolian and Mo
hammedan inactivity. Moreover, the
women in many parts of the earth still do
all the "hustling" for the family, and that
surely squares the account. There are
739,858,990 men, including mandarins and
street-corner "statues." Their mileage
will also be averaged on the basis of the
activity of a fair type. Here is a rough
computation per diem:
WOMEN. MEN.
Got breakfast, % mile. ; Walked to breakfast, 25
Forenoon work, 4 miles, feet. i
Afternoon calls, 2 miles. Walked to streetcar, 200
Window shopped, 11 feet.
miles. Walked to business
Got dinner, 1 mile. I headquarters, 160 feet.
Walked with baby, 1 rod. Walked during forenoon,
Total for day, 16 Vs miles 1 1 00 ice
and 1 too. Walked to lunch, 500
feet.
Walked back, 600 feet.
Walked out for clears,
etc., 2000 feet.
Walked to streetcar, 150
feet. .
Walked from streetcar
to house, 'JOO feet.
Bicycle ride. 10 miles.
Walked with baby, 16%
" . ■ miles.
Total for day, about 27
miles.
Here is a fine field for the cumulative
story-teller, for the difference in the length
of steps varies much. In China the Ji
(small) is .486 inches, and the small-footed
woman's pedal ic exploits can be individu
ally described with not more than ten lis.
In Cochin China the women may step
one throe, or 19.2 inches, at one time. In
Denmark the woman who can step off
three fods, or 3.06 feet, is a wonder. The
Abyssinian woman strides about one pic,
or 28.6 inches. In Baden a step means two
fusses, the fuss being 11.81 inches long.
At the Cape of Good Hope the foot is only
11.616 inches long. Estimating the aver
age length of women's steps all over toe
globe at , two . feet ana men's at two and
a half feet, the figures for one day run like
this :
739,858,990 women take 1,993,270,683,100
steps.
739,858,990 men take 2,989,906,024,650
steps.
Total daily steps, 983,176,707,750.
. Allowing that each step means a rise of
the sole three inches, the total mle of
daily footsteps would amount ;to 14,949,
-530.133,250 inches, or 1,245.795,010,254 feet,
or 235,945,835 miles. Pile up these steps for
thirty years, an average life, , and they
would reach a distance of 2,593,139,393,250
miles. This reminds one that it is just as
well to tell a good story while about it.
Mrs. Lovey Aldrich of San Diego, Who Knew Washingtoi
[From a photograph by Frank B. Schutz.]
SHE WAS BORN IN 1800
There Is a woman in San Diego whose
memory takes her back to the days when
this Nation was young — when Jefferson
and Hamilton and Adams and Lafayette
were at the pinnacle of their greatness,
and when the Father of His Country was
talked ab ut as just having gone to his
eternal rest. She is Mrs. Lovey Aldrich,
who was 96 years old on March 29 last.
With her youngest son, Edwin C. Aldrich,
who is a gray-haired man of 56, and his
wife, Mrs. Aldrich, she lives at 918 E
street.
Mrs. Aldrich is the widow of a Revolu
tionary soldier, Caleb Aldrich, and on the
records of the Government at Washington
be is set down as having been "a private
of the Rhode Island Line of War, 1776."
He fought against the British under Wash
ington, and there is caught to show that
he was not a valiant warrior.
Mr. Aldrich was born in 1762 and had
buried three wives when he married the
present Mrs. Aldrich in 1833. She was
then 33 years old and had four little chil
dren, being the widow of Taylor Clark, to
whom she was married in 1821. Mr. Clark
was a private in the New Hampshire "line
of infantry and fought in the war of 1812.
After his marriage to Mrs. Clark he lived
at Sanbornton, N. H., until 1828, when he
died. Alter her marriage in 1833 to Caleb
Aldrich the family lived at Sanbornton
until 1849, when they removed to Hill
village, N. H., and it was there that Mr.
Aldrioh died October sof that year. Ed
win C. Aldrich of San Diego was the only j
issue of the second marriage. Of the four
children of Mrs. Aldrich by her first hus
A CURIOUS SCIENCE
Among the curious sciences of the day
psychometry holds quite a prominent posi
tion. According to the students of oc
cultism, there is nothing called into ex
istence without making a permanent
record of its presence, even such an in
tangible thing as a thought or a posture
leaving such an impress on nature that it
can be recognized thousands of years aft
rerwad. It is asserted that surrounding
the earth there is a vast tenacious mass of
substance, invisible to ordinary sight,
known as the astral light. This is
said to become visible when there
is a certain psychic development
in the observer. It appears as a
white or starry light, hence it is termed
astral. The statement is made that this
light preserves a photographic character,
and that every event that occurs on earth
is caught on this sensitive plate of na
ture and recorded there, so that it may be
observed and read by those abie to explore
that plane. Not only are objects and
events recorded here, but also all thoughts
and ideas.
Every one who is at all clairvoyant
makes his psychic observations in this
astral light, but tor the psychometer there
is a still further process, for he asserts that
the astral light also rephotographs the
pictures within every molecule of physical
matter that happens to be in the neigh
borhood. Whether this theory can be
scientifically veriried at the present time,
it at least offers a reasonable working
hypothesis for the experiments made by
psychometers.
A psychometer will take a piece of stone,
for instance, and placing it to his forehead
will see and describe all the event", cover
ing thousands of years, that occurred in
the vicinity of that stone. Or by fixing
his mind on a certain place he can come
en rapport with it and trace the past his
tory of that locality to an almost illimita
ble extent.
Unfortunately the psychometer some
times gets mixed up in his surroundings,
so unless collateral testimony can be ob
tained his observations are not always
trustworthy. Nevertheless, it seems an
important branch of study for those who
possess the peculiar fitness for its pursuit,
and many curious facts have been gleaned
by it regarding the past.
A Chicago psychometer in 1867 took a
piece of rock that had been picked up at
Columbia, Tuolumne County, CaL, near
tne Stanislaus River, and placing it to his
forehead he saw a herd of twenty large
elephants running along a path in the
woods occasionally twining their trunks
around small trees and pulling them ud
by the roots. The psychometer gave the
following description: "Now they are at
the water drinking. A great alligator
comes out of the water and with open
mouth runs at one of the elephants. The
elephant hits him on the head with his
trunk and the alligator crawls off. Now I
see Indians sticking spears into the ele
phants. They have killed a number now,
but the elephants are still running.
'•Why! there was a tremendous noise
just then underground! The trees bend
over; the elephants run; the ground is
cracking. I see it heave nearly like the
ocean. A good many trees have fallen—
the rotten ones. Now another s^ock— a
hard one. One elephant fell down. The
band Simon, aged 62, a resident of Illinois,
is the only surviving one.
Mrs. Aldrich, although lacking less
than four years of being a centenarian,
appears to be s-carcely more than 80. She
was of medium size in her younger years,
but old age has somewhat withered her
form, but without leaving many wrinkles
on her clear-cut face. Her mind is won
derfully clear and her sight and hearing
good.
Her statements in conversation are ex
ceedingly clear.and a witty remark dropped
by the venerable woman now and then
brings a smile to the face of her son and
surprise to the interviewer,
"Yes, I remember the war of 1812," she
said. "My brother was dratted for that
war, but he couldn't go, and so another
brother went.
"We raised flax in those days and spun
our own cloth. We didn't have all the
machinery of to-day, but I will say that
people had some sense to get up the
machinery. Even if we had had machines
then we couldn't have run them so glib
as they do now. And bicycles! I don't
think I could ride one of them. They
may be all right for men, and I've heard
tell that a man can ride a bicycle up hill.
Laws !
"Yes, I knew Daniel Webster — and ha
could driDk brandy, too. His farm wasn't
so veiy far from our town, right jinin',
you mi ht say. He was rather shortish
and thickset, and laws! what speeches he
could make. I never saw any of the other
public men of those days, but many's the
time I've heard of them. They're all dead
now I suppose."
Indians are running in all directions.
The ground rose up as if there was
something under it; it has made a large
hill. Oh ! there is a volcano at the top of
it; a large black cloud rose out of it at first.
Stones are flying in the air; lava is run
ning down the sides, which are very steep.
It sends up redhot stones and lava very
high. Now one side of the mountain has
broken away, and a/iverof lava is run
ning out. There is such a noise I cannot
hear myself speak. A stone falls near me ;
it is as big as a sewing machine. Yet the
volcano must be three miles off. How
curious it was to see that hill rise ! It went
up so fast! Trees went up with it and
they are on fire."
Professor William Denton, the eminent
geologist, in commenting upoD the above
report, said that "discoveries made very
recently prove it to be the fact that human
beings lived in California when this lava
stream was poured out, and that huge ele
phantine quadrupeds then browsed on the
forest trees."
In addition to Professor Denton's testi
mony, Professor Whitney, State Geologist
of California, exhibited in 1868, at Chicago,
before the American Association for the
Advancement of Science, a human skull,
said to have been obtained in Calaveras
County, at a depth of 180 feet below the
surface, and under four beds of consoli
dated volcanic ash or lava. The skull
bore a remarkable resemblance to that of
a Digger Indian. Professor Whitney in
sisted most strongly that this skull, to
gether with other data collected by geo
logical survey, clearly demonstrated
the fact that man and the mastodon and
elephant had been contemporaneous in
California.
The same specimen of rock was sub
mitted by Professor Denton to two other
psychometers— his wife and sister— and
while their examinations differed in some
details from the one quoted above, yet
they quite agreed on the main features of
the volcano and the elephants and pre-
Adamic man, so that the account may be
accepted as part of the ancient history of
California.
It is natural for scientists to look with
distrust upon such observations as this,
and while it may be readily admitted that
many accounts of psychometric experi
ment are untrustworthy and charlatan
esque, yet where there is notonly corrobora
tion by independent seers, but also by the
investigations of leading scientists as well,
it is not unreasonable to suppose that
there may be an exact science underlying.
Students of the occult sciences ure satisfied
that this power of vision, along with other
faculties, lies latent in every human being
—where not already evolved— and that a
considerable development of these is to
take place during the twentieth century.
A student of psychometry makes the
assertion that "a personal relic of Shakes
peare may in half an hour reveal more of
him than his biographers haVe been able
to dig up by dint of the severest applica
tion for 200 years, a pebble from the
streets of Jerusalem is a library contain
ing the records of the whole Jewish
nation. The most secret deeds of even
the most ancient times lie in the light of
the brightest sunshine, and we have only
to open our spiritual eyes to discover
Amos J. Joh>.sq>\Be sure to read all the letters to-day.
They are fine ! As good as a new story
book. One away from Minnesota, too.
Why, how many bright boys and girls are
beconing acquainted through Childhood's
Realm. All boys and girls worth know
ing.
>"jw this week you have another picture
about wnich you're to write a story. Do
your very best and don't forget to closely
follow these instructions: Write in a good
) lain hand, on one side of your paper,
and do not forget to sign your name and
Btate your age.
... WVn.
iDayj Are ii°n£.
Kow the days are long and bright,
And the blossoms pink and white
With sweet perfume fill the air
Round about us everywhere;
And in places warm and sunny
Every flower is filled with honey ;
And the bees all hum a tune
In these golden days of June,
Gath'iing sweets where'er they go
To lay up for winter's snow.
O, sweet children, must not we
Now be wise as little bee?
So when gone is summer's bloom,
With its wealth of sweet perfume,
We will have for days not sunny
In each heart a little honey.
" F< D.
THE PRIZE
POEM
THE STORY OF A YOUNG WRITERS,
TEMPTATION.
BY JUDITH SPENCER.
"Write a poem ! I never can !"
"Nor I!"
"Nor I!"
"Perhaps it won't be so hard after all.
And we've three whole weeks to do it in,
you know," said Ned Martin.
"Oh, yes; we all know it's easy enough
for you to write, Ned," said Jack Dale.
"And as yon always get the composition
prize, of course you'll win it again this
time."
"I'm not so certain," said Ned, jauntily.
But the boys all agreed that it was "a
dead sure thing!" and Ned soon began to
think so himself. It was just after
school and the boys had assembled in the
big hall to talk things over before they
separated for the rest of the day.
During the last hour Mr. Dean had given
out that their next composition was to be
in the form of a poem ; and each Doy had
drawn a folded paper containing his sub
ject, which was to De kept to himself, and
he was to write his verses without consult
ing any one and without outside help.
Each was also to sign an assumed name,
so that even Mr. Dean should not know
who the writer \ras until after the an
nouncement of the prize-winner. On the
appointed day the best poem was to be
read aloud, and when the signature was
afterward read out, the boy to whom it
belonged was to rise.
There was much talk about the forth
coming poems as the days passed on, and
much groaning and comic despair. Evi
dently the latent genius that Mr. Dean
was hopeful of discovering wa3 too well
hidden to be easily brought to light, or
perhaps was lacking altogether.
" Among the boys the opinion was, as it
had been from the first, that Ned Martin
was sure to win, for he was always a clever
fellow with his pen. And Ned did not
contradict them, for now he was most
anxious to get the prize and keep up his
reputation for cleverness. But still, two
days before the appointed time for hand
ing in the compositions he was as far from
having written his poem as ever.
His subject was "Content," and he had
not found the theme inspiring. Ideas
would not come, words would not rhyme
and there was no such thing in him as
rhythm!
It was raining hard that afternoon and
the ball game had been put off. Not know
ing just what to do Ned had betaken him
self at last to the attic and was rummag
ing through an old chestful of things that
had belonged to his father wnen he was
a boy.
And there he came across a little old
tattered book, without covers or title page,
yellow with age and dampness, and in
this — on one of those yellowed pages — he
found a printed poem, just what he wanted
to say, and in words so plain and simple
that it seemed as if any schoolboy might
have written it. Here are the lines:
Happy the man, whose wish and care
A few paternal acres bound.
Content to breath his native air
In his own ground.
Whose herds with milk, whose fields with
bread,
Whose flocks supply him with attire;
Whose trees in summer yield him shade;
In winter, fire.
Blest, who can unconcernedly find
Hours, days and years slide soft away
In health of body, peace of mind,
Quiet by day.
Sound sleep by night; study and ease
Toftether mixed ; sweet recreation,
And Innocence, which most does please
With meditation.
Thus let me live, unseen, unknown;
Thus unlamented let me die;
eteal from the world, and not a stone
/ell where I lie.
Ned felt a sudden temptation to copy it,
all but the last verse, which he did not like,
making one or two changes in the words,
perhaps, and to hand it in for his own
poem. The book, whatever it was, was so
IN
CHILHOOD`S
REALM
very old that there was not one chance in
a thousand that Mr. Dean had ever seen it
or would ever discover the fraud. And
Ned now felt certain that he had wanted to
say something just like this all along, only
the ideas and the words would not quite
come.
The boy was not naturally dishonest or
deceitful, but he had never been so tempted
before, and he did want to keep up his
brilliant record and get the prize. Thißwas
his only chance, he thought, and so he
copied the verses, and the next morning he
dropped the carefully folded paper into
the box that had been set np to receive the
compositions.
But it had no sooner left his hands than
he would have given all the world to re
call it. Not till then did the full realiza
tion of what he had done come over him.
He bad stolen another's work and claimed
it as his own. What did it matter that
the real author was dead and forgotten
long ago, the theft was just as bad and
Ned was miserably unhappy.
He tried to see Mr. Dean after school,
i but Mr. Dean had an engagement and had
hurried out. He had only one hope now,
and that was that some of the other boys
had written something so much better
that his poem would be quite eclipsed and
so be passed over without notice. It did
not seem likely, but still Ned fervently
hoped that it micht turn out so, and he
resolved that never again should the hope
of a prize or of anything else whatever
tempt him to depart from the straight
path of honesty.
The morning of the decision came and
the boys were all assembled in the big
hall. As soon as the prayers were ended,
Mr. Dean stood up and looked about him.
He hesitated for a moment and then said,
very slowly and distinctly:
"Without question, the best of all the
poems that have been handed in is signed
by 'Pinta Max.' "
Ned's heart leaped, for that signature
was his, and he knew that he had won — by
fraud! But no, he would not take the
prize; he would stand up and confess what
he had done, here and now, before them
all.
Before he could move or speak, however,
Mr. Dean went slowly on.
"But I do not award the prize to 'Pinta
Max' for a reason that is known only to
him and to myself."
There was an audible movement of sur
prise among the boys and Ned bowed his
guilty face, sure that his burning cheeks
would betray him.
Mr. Dean went on without a pause.
The fictitious name of the prize-winner
was announced, the poem was read and
the unknown writer — who proved to be
Jack Dale — was requested to come upon
the platform and receive the prize.
Ned never knew how he lived through
the rest of that awful morning. He
suffered horribly, and the moment recess
came he broke away from his compan-
I ions and sought out Mr. Dean.
Mr. Dean listened in silence to his con
fession of how perfectly miserable he had
been ever since the stolen verses had left
hjs hands, and how he would have done
anything in his power to recall sucn a
cowardly, dishonest act, even though he
bad not for a moment dreamed of its dis
covery.
Then Mr. Dean smiled gravely.
"My boy," he said, "in that old yellow
book you chanced upon one of the classics
"of our language, and the verses that you
so thoughtlessly stole and tried to im
prove upon were written by no less a poet
than Alexander Pope. But your sin
against your own honesty has brought
with it a lesson and its own sufficient
punishment, and I think 1 know you well
enough to be sure that nothing could
tempt you to try any such deceit again."
W T hen Ned and Mr. Dean came out of
the study together they met Jack Dale,
glad and triumphant, and a troup of his
admiring friends — all mystified and still
wondering who "Pinta Max" could be
and why the best poem had failed to win
the prize.
"Hello, Ned, I never was so surprised!"
cried Jack. "I thought you'd get it,
sure."
"I— I—" Ned stammered, flushing pain
fully.
But Mr. Dean laid a reassuring hand
upon Ned's shoulder.
"Ned may win some other time," he
said, kindly, "but for this competition he
failed to compose a poem." — Philadelphia
Times.
A LOST COAT
A Story for Tiny Folks. Written by a Little Girl.
"Mamma, mamma, Oh, mamma, did
you see my coat?"
These were the words 1 heard a little
boy cry out to his mother one pleasant
morning not long ago.
All the children were going to a picnic.
Little Georgie had been invited, too, and
was all ready but his coat, and it, alas,
was missing.
"Now, mamma, they will all be gone
and I shall have to stay at home I"
••Who wore your coat yesterday ? Did I,
Georgie?" quietly asked his mother.
"I did, myself," answered the child.
"Well, my dear little boy, you should be
more careful. Now, go ana look for it."
•'Oh, mamma, you know I left it right
on that chair and somebody has taken it!"
"That dreadful somebody!" exclaimed
Mrs. Curtis.
This was not the first time that Georgie
had had to look for his things, so now his
mother wished to teach him a lesson.
"Well, dear, mother's very sorry, but if
yon cannot find your coat you cannot go
to the picnic, because I do not wish you to
come home sick."
So upstairs and downstairs, in closets
and trunks, behind doors and under beds,
Georgie hunted and searched, but no coat
could he find.
Then he gave up all hope of being in
time to start with the others for the picnic
grounds, and instead of sulking and cry
ing he thought he'd go and have a good
play with his pet dog, Fido, in the garden,
but strange to relate Fido could not be
found either.
"Fido! Fido! Fido!" called Georgie at
the top of his voice as he ran here and
there through the yard.
He was just about to think his dog was
really lost, like his coat, when he saw him
over in one corner stretching his legs and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
gaping as if he had at that moment awak
ened from a very sound sleep.
As soon as he got his eyes wide open
and saw his little master he wagged his
tail and barked "bow-wow-wow," which
was his way of saying "good-morning."
"Oh! you dear doggie, where have you
been? I'm in lots of trouble, Fido; I can't
find my coat. Did you see anything of it?
And Georgie took the dog in his arms as
he poured into his sympathizing ears the
story of his woes.
"Mamma, mamma*! Come here, quick!"
be suddenly shouted.
Mrs. Curtis came running quickly to see
what could be the matter.
"Oh, mamma, Fido smells just like my
coat! I had peppermint lozenges yester
day, and his hair is full of the smell of
peppermint!"
"Well, my boy, find the place where
Fido slept last n?ght, and your coat may
be there too."
So over he ran to the box in the corner,
and there, sure enough, was the missing
garment.
So the dreadful "somebody" who had
taken the coat was his own little pt=t dog,
who had not been satisfied with only a
blanket for a bed.
Now whenever Georgie blames "some
body" for taking his things, his mother
tells him to go and look in Ficlo's box.
Mahie Chesworth.
Look at This Picture Carefully, Children, Then See if You Can Write a Story About It. I
Wonder Who Will Send Me the Best Story About This Picture. M. W. R.
STORY OF A STORK.
Mow It Carried a Letter to Africa
and Brought One Back.
A story that comes from German\ T is as
quaint as it is true. Some children living
in one of the northern provinces dis
covered that a stork had made its nest
upon their roof. Being orthodox little
Teutons they hailed the newcomer with
favor, as storks are supnosed to bring luck
to a house. All the summer they shared
tidbits with their long-legged friend,
which became very tame and companion
able.
At the first signs of approaching cold
weather the stork prepared to flit to
warmer climes. The children were sad at
the thought of losing their pet, but their
parents consoled them with the assurance
that the bird would surely return the next
spring. The children, still uneasy at the
idea of the stork's not being cared for
through the long winter, consulted to
gether and evolved a brilliant idea, which
they immediately proceeded to put into
execution. They wrote a little note in
their bost German script, stating that the
stork was very dear to them and begging
the good people in whose country it might
spend the winter to be kind to their pet
and send it back to them in the spring.
They sealed the note, fastened it to a
ribbon, tied it round the bird's neck and
tucked it under its wing. The next day
they sadly watched the stork wing its way
towards milder skies. The snow and ice
came; Christmas time brought the chil
dren gifts and fresh amusements, but their
summer pet was not forgotten. When the
spring came round again their little feet
used to climb to the roof day by day, look
ing and longing for the stork's return ;
and behold ! one fine morning tliere it was,
tame and gentle as ever.
Great was the children's delight; but
what was their surprise to discover round
its neck and under its wing another bright
band with a note attached, addressed to
"the children who wrote the letter the
stork brought."
The ribbon was quickly untied and the
missive opened. It was from a missionary
in Africa, stating that he had read the
children's note and had cared for tne
stork, and thought that children whose
good hearts had prompted them to pro
vide for the comfort of a bird through the
winter would be willing to help clothe and
feed the little destitute children of his
mission. A full name and address fol
lowed.
A True Story
Of a Wild Goose That
Was Not Such
A Big Goose -
After All.
One day while two gentlemen were out
hunting they found a nest containing a
couple of wild-goose eggs.
The hunters were very kind, for, as they
passed our house on their return to town,
they stopped and gave the eggs to my
mother.
She set them under a turkey hen, and in
three weeks two beautiful green goslings
were hatched.
I shall describe them carefully, for may
be you little City boys have never seen the
young of the wild geese.
When they first came from the shell they
were green, with tmy black spots on their
heads, and had very black eyes.
As they grew larger dark gray feathers
appeared and their necks became very
long and black, with a white patch under
their jaws which reminded me very
strongly of the time I had the toothache
and had to have a handkerchief tied
around my face.
\ou may wonder how it was that they
stayed on the farm with Washoe Lake so
near by. Well, to tell you the truth, my
mother cut their wings at the first joint,
and although it must have hurt a great
deal the dear little things never even
winked.
By this time they looked so much alike
that mother declared they must be twin
brothers and called them "Bob and Mike."
They were always together until one sad
day, when they were out in the field. It
was very stormy. A hunter came along
and thinking they were wild geese seeking
shelter from the rain fired and shot Bob.
A few of his feathers is all we have left of
our strange pet.
Poor Mike was so scared that he hid
under a sagebrush for two days and
nights. We had given up all hope of his
coming out when, to our great joy, he ap
peared in the yard.
We all felt very sorry over the loss of
Bob, but our grief was nothing compared
to poor "Mike's."
All day long the lonely bird wandered
around the poultry-yard with no compan
ion, and, seemingly, with no object in
life.
One bright morning we noticed that
Mike was busy ; a change oeemed to have
come over him.
We watched him very closely, and dis
covered that he was building a beautiful
nest, comfortably lined with soft feather s.
Oh, how important and happy he was!
When we next visited the place we were
much surprised to find that Mike had laid
five wonderful eggs, though they were not
the "golden eggs."
Every day for five long weeks the goose
sat on these eeg3 without any sign of their
hatching. At last mamma felt sorry for
Mike and thought she would surprise
the patient bird. So one morning while
Mike was eating breakfast, the slipped the
five bad eggs out of the nest and put five
pretty little baby ducks in their place.
But mother was very badly fooled when
she thought Mike couldn't tell the differ
ence between a young duck and a gosling,
for from the moment the goose returned
to its nest the air was filled with scolding,
and each duck was lifted by the neck and
thrown out on the ground. Mamma
quietly picked them up and took them
back to their own mother, while Mine
slowly strutted off to the fields in a way
which expressed great indignation.
A long time has passed and Mike has
never succeed ed in hatching any goslings,
but we all love the bird very much and it
is a great pet with every one about the
place.
Now, my friends, do you think geese are
really so silly as they are generally sup
posed to be. Henhy Sagebbush.
THE WELAKA RIVER.
History of One of the Most Inter
esting of American Streams.
The historic Welaka river, the modern
St. Johns, is to the- stranger one of the
I most interesting; rivers on the American
i continent. It is unique in many particu
lars which go to make up a river. Find
ing its source in the far south, it flows
northward for nearly all its length, until,
reaching the metropolis of Florida, it
turns eastward and pours its great volume
jof waters into the ocean. This fact seems
j the most strange since the universal opin
j ion prevails that the extreme South is low
and flat, and would leave the impression
I that the river ran up hill as it cuts its way
through the much higher land of our
I northern boundary.
This, however, is a minor point of inter
est compared with the wild appearance it
presents to the eye of the stranger as first
he beholds it with its somber cypress al
most awaking superstition, and the swamp
hickory with its peculiar foliage and small
but rich sweet nut, upon wnich the far
famed razor-back hog, alike with the
beautiful gray squirrel, feasts in profound
silence, but doubtless with voracious ap
petite. A large part of the shore on each
hand conveys an idea of vastness of ex
panse, because impenetrable to the eye.
This somber scene is relieved by the
stately palmetto, on which are often fes
tooned from tree to tree the wild con
volvuli. When seen in the early morn, as
the palatial steamers, seagoing and river,
swiftly make their way up and down the
majestic stream, these turn their beautiful
cup-shaped flowers white as snow toward
the coming king of day sparkling with
dewdrops.
The broad savannas occasionally lie al
most, apparently, on the level of the river
itself. On these queer formations abound
wild flowers of every hue, shape and bo
tanical order, making one vast picture,
framed in the surrounding forests, en
livened ail over with birds of every hue
and sweet song, while the strong, green
growths present a tropical vigor of life
which is really an inspiration to health
and strength. — Jacksonville Times-Union.
Age Should Be Tranquil.
One's age should be tranquil, says Dr.
Arnold, as one's childhood should be play
ful; hard luck at either extremity of
human existence seerrsto me out of place;
the morning and evening should be' alike
cool and peaceful; at midday the sun may
burn, ana men may labor under it.
THE LETTER
BOX
Dedicated to a wee girlie with a dolls-house.
Dear Pitti Sing:
As I have time
I send a letter, writ in rhyme.
To say that Dinah 's very blue,
Because she stays so long from you.
I've set her in the corner back-
She gives me looks so very black.
(She needn't feel so very mad,
But thankful be that she is clad).
Does Mr. Gray still lose his hat?
And is the baby growing fat?
Does Wv Chin sweep the kitchen clean?
If not, she thinks he's very mean;
And, I'm afraid, when she gets back
From that same broom he'll feel a whack!
She has a pair of new kid shoes ;
They hurt her feet— she would get twos.
Her dress is blue. She wears no shirt,
But has the new divided skirt.
Her collarette is small and bright;
Her turban is a gorgeous sight !
The dressmaker that you engaged
For Louisette is in a rage,
Because the pattern that your ma
Thought fine looks too wide by far.
The pinking-iron cannot be found,
Nor silk enough to go around.
The wardrobe now is all in bits —
Impossible to make parts fit-
But when they meet the "Automatic"
They'll rush together quite ecstatic.
Next Saturday you must come down
To spend the day with me in town.
Then I'll return with you, to stay
A week at lovely Fontenay.
We'll chat a little, sew and sing-
Try every sort of pleasant thing—
A walk to school, a party gay,
A reading-lesson every day.
The week will much too short be found ;
But Christmas day will soon come round,
And my surprise
Will make you open wide your eyes.
Between these lines, love and a kiss
To share with that dear little miss
Who teases me and plays with you.
Now love to all, and so adieu.
I'll send this off without delay.
From your godmother, Marian A.
Bloomfield. Cal., June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor : As I did not see any letters
from here I thought I would write. I have a
pet cat, I call her Tabbie, and a pet dog called
Nig. The blackberries are near ripe and so
are the hazelnuts. Our school will be out this
week and we will have a short vacation. Hop
ing this letter will escape the wastebasket, I
am your new friend, Nona Herbert.
San Francisco. June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor : This is my second letter to The
Call.
Our school closes on the 19th of June. lam
going to spend my vacation on my uncle's
ranch.
I liked the stories, "Rita's Rogue," "What
Flora Saw When She Went in Search of the
Fairies" and "Seven Pumpkin Pies." I hope
more such stories will be published soon.
This is all I will write. Hoping this will be
published, I remain, your friend.
Lillie Maskow.
San Fhanctsco, June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: I am 10 years old. I go
to the Cooper Primary School. I am
in the fourth grade. My mother takes
The Call every morning. This is my
first letter and I hope it will be in the paper.
Now I will close my letter, bidding you good
bye. Your friend, L. Qceirolo.
Lincoln, Cal., June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: This is my first letter to The
Call. My father takes The Call and likes it
very much. I like to read the stories on the
boys' and girls' page, especially the letters.
And besides thero are so many funny stories.
I will close. Your friend,
LULU A. WOLFENBARGAR, aged 10.
Box 203, Grass Valley, Cal., June 15.
Dear Editor: I have solved two of the puzzles
in The Call of June 14, so I thought I would
send them to see if I have them right. If I
have I will try to solve more next time. Your
friend, Mabel S. Ivey.
Santa Clara, Cal., June 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: It has been some time since I
have written to The Call. I think the stories
and letters are very nice.
This week I have got the answers to all the
puzzles. Hoping they are right and my letter
will be printed in next Sunday's Call. Your
little reader, Gladys Brock (9 years old).
San Francisco, June 22, 1896,
Dear Editor: My papa has been taking Thb
Call for twenty-five years. I enjoy reading the
Children's Realm very much. I have eight
pups, pugs, and they are all for sale. I hope
my letter will escape the waste-basket, so I
close. Frank Stone, age 9 years.
625 Third street.
San Francisco, June 22, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have been reading the letteis
in the Sunday Call from children and thought
I would like to see a letter of mine printed. I
am 9 years of age and go to the Madison Pri
mary School. lam In the fourth grade and
my teacher's name Is Miss Otto. I also send
19t> words taken from the word Gladstone. It
will make me so happy to Bee this letter
printed, so please do so. I remain yonr little
reader, Florence Agnes Bennett.
Lincoln, Cal., June 16, 1896-
Dear Editor: This is my second letter to The
Call. I like to read the stories on the chil
dren's page every Sunday. I have lots of fun
with my little playmates. I have been down
to see my aunt in Oak Park, and I had a nioe
time. I shall close, hoping to see my letter
printed on the children's page. Good-by.
Your friend, Minnie V. Wyatt.
Antioch, Cal., June 20.
Dear Editor: I am to-day 12 years old. I
have seen so many little letters written in The
Sunday Call on the children's page, sol take
the pleasure of sending a few lines too. My
papa has taken The Call over fifteen years,
and always finds it a nice paper. Since it
changed hands to Mr. Shortridge there are so
many more pleasant things for children to
read. When I come from Sunday-school I
spend the rest of the day reading the "Child
hood's Realm." I saw last Sunday two letters
in The Call from my little friends at Tracy.
So will you please, if this letter snould reach
you in time, publish it in The Sunday Call.
I remain your friend, Elsie yon Barm.
Independence, Or., June 16, 1896.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Dear
Sir: I am agent for your world-renowned
paper in this city of 3000 inhabitants. lam a
boy 14 years of age. I have several subscribers,
but intend to get more. My father takes
The Call, and says there is so much, news in
it that he does not get time to read it through.
Do not put this letter in the waste-paper
basnet, for I expect to see It published in next
Sunday's Call. Yours truly, Roy Irvine.
San Francisco, June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: My grandma has been taking
The Call for thirty years, and I enjoy reading
the children's page every Sunday. I hope I
will see my piece in next Sunday's Call.
Annie E. Godfrey (aged 8 years).
Minna street.
Los Angeles, Cal., June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl only 11 years
old and take great pleasure in making out the
puzzles in The Sunday Call.
This is the first time I have sent in the an
swers and hope they are right, and that I shall
see my name in next Sunday's Call.
lone Smith.
Berkeley, June 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: My papa takes The Call and I
like to read the children's page. I like the
story of the owls. On one of the pages it told
•bout a boy 4 years old who could draw trains i
and other things very nicely. I was interested
in him because I like to draw trains, too. I am
nine years old. Your friend,
Oeville Adams.
Berkeley, Cal., June 15, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam writing to you because I
can answer the puzzles. My father has taken
The Call for eleven years and he likes it very
much. I enjoy the children's column. lam
in the sixth grade, was promoted, and am 12
years old. I like Berkeley. It is a very
healthy place. I must close. Your friend,
Pinkie Forgie.
June 16.
Dear Editor of The Call: I thought I would
solve the puzzles, and did most of them. I
could not succeed with the others. I was so
pleased when I saw my story, "The Little Gos
sips," published in Childhood's Realm a few
weeks ago. We take The Call and a)l enjoy it
very much. Isabella Geass.
Golden Gate, June 17, 1896.
Dear Editor: I have been reading the Chil
dren's Page every Sunday. I should like to
write to you too. lam just 7 years old. I live
in Golden Gate, Alameda County, Cal. It is
vacation now and we are having a good time.
lam in the third grade. My teacher's name
is Miss Grindley. The principal's name .is
Miss Stokes. I like them both very much. I
was honorably promoted this term.
Jt Is very warm over here now.
We are going to a picnic to-morrow.
Wei!, now, dear editor, I shall close my let
ter, hoping to see it in next Sunday's Call.
Your friend, Ida Holles.
San Feancisco, June 17, 1896.
My Dear Editor: We take The Call, and every
Sunday I look first of all for the "Childhood's
Realm," and read it all.
I enjoy the puzzles, and send the answers to
as many as I could solve. I am 12 years old,
and am in the sixth grade.
As my letter is getting pretty long, I shall
close. Respectfully yours, Zorah Tureh.
Pamoche, June 18, 1896.
Dear Editor: lam a little girl, 12 years old.
My mamma takes The Call, and I enjoy reading
the "Childhood's Realm."
I go to the Panoche School, and my teacher's
name is Mr. Johnston. Our school closed on
last Friday, and I am having a good time dur
ing vacation. I have a little pet lamb, named
Daisy, which I raised. I like The Call better
than any other paper, because it is for ladles'
rights. This is my first letter. Please print it.
I remain your friend, Mi.nme Velladao.
San Francisco, June 14, 1896.
Dear Editor: We have taken The Call for
seventeen years, but this is the first letter I
have written to you. I am 12 years old, and
have six brothers and eight sisters. Your
constant reader, Solomon Rhottenboum.
Dear Editor ;
It I were a pansy,
I know what I would do,
I'd fill the flowers with gladness,
Fill them through and through.
Sometimes I'd wish for sunshine,
Sometimes I'd wish for rain,
And pray to God to hear me
Again and again.
Now, what flower would not be happy
To have me for a male?
VBBA f.'HISHOI.If.
NaPa.
Dear Editor: I am visiting my aunt in El
Nido, near Napa. I live in Oakland.
My aunt takes The Call and she is collect
ing all tue nice stories and pictures to put in a
book for my birthday in August, when I will
be nine years old. and all the stories for tiny
folks she is collecting for my little cousin
Douglas.
I have just read the rhj me about the owls
and I think it exceedingly funny.
I shall enjoy reading all the stories when
auntie has them arranged, for those I have
read are very Interesting.
Now I shall say good-by. Yours truly,
Donna Otet.
San Francisco, June 7, 1896.
Dear Editor: In my last letter I forgot to tell
you where I lived. Well, I live in the Mission
district of San Francisco. I would not live in
town for anything. Many of the girls and
boys who read my letter (if it's published) will
wonder why. It is because you can't get any
nice wild flowers in town.
You were very kind to publish my letter,
and also to make some corrections. I could
hardly wait till Sunday came to see if you had
published it.
1 am very glad vacation Is so near.
I have a brother and a sister. Their names
are Georgie and Ella.
Last Sunday and also this, besides reading
"In Childhood's Realm," I read about the rat
tlesnakes. It is very interesting. But I must
close now, as I am afraid my letter is too long.
If you publish it you will please your little
friend, Antoinette Crawford.
Madera, Cal., June 16, 1896.
Dear Editor: As I enjoy reading the letters
that are published in The Call every Sunday
evening I will endeavor to write you a
lew lines. Igo to the Christian Sunday-school
and church, every meeting that they have.
There is a minister here now holding meet
ings. As my letter is growing longer I will
close hoping to see this published in next
Sunday's Call. lam your little reader,
Rose Wells.
White Bear, Minn., June 7, 1896.
Dear Editor: My father subscribed for Thi
Call three months ago, and, as I thought you
would like to hear from a Minnesota boy, so I
have written you a letter. White Bear Lake is
twelve miles from St. Paul. In winter we have
fine times skating and ice-boating. I made
myself a nice boat and had fine times with it,
I sailed all over the lake. The ice-boat is
shaped like a triangle; the large ones go over
a mile a minute. It has three runners, one at
each, corner; the back runner is used as a rud
der. I have for pets a bird and a cat. The
cat's name is Tommy. When I come home
from school nc comes to meet me and mews as
if it was talking. This is all I can think of, so
will close, hoping to see this in Thb Cau*
Yours truly, Roy Tuttlk.
PUZZLES
I. Where may happiness be found?
11. What is the difference between a cat and
a comma? 11. Boboher?.
ILL Out of the following words create the
name of a month in summer, its flower and
birthday stone:
AS TO GUN
WE JAIL REED
IV. Take a word of eight letters meaning
cautious, transpose the letters and have "mer
ited"; again transpose and have "turned
backward."
V. In the following sentences find hidden
names of trees:
(a) Lucy, press your dress.
(6) Ahem! Lock the door, John.
(c) Come, peep. I never felt so curious be
fore.
(d) Once, darling, I thought you loved me.
(c) Clap! Please clap louder.
(/) He walked with firmness.
(g) Anna should go.
(h.) Well, if I go, you must stay.
VI. (a) Name of a State.
(b) Name of a State.
(c) Name of a State.
(d) Name of a fruit.
(c) Name of a State.
(/) Name of a State.
(a) Name of a fruit,
(ft) Name of a State.
The first letters of the answers arranged ia
the order above will spell the name of a great
river of the Southwest, noted for its wonderful
scenery.
Correct answers to puzzles of June 21 :
1. Sight of land.
2. (a) Fine feathers make fine birds, (b)
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
3. (a) Better late than never. (6) Enough la
is good as a feast.
4. A burnt child dreads the fire.
5. Car-o-line. Caroline.
6. (o) McJKinley. (b) Kine, milk, mice, lice,
mink, Mike, line, lime, mien, lie, mile, mine,
key, lien, ice, mince, kiln and ink.
Names of those who have sent in answers to
all or a majority of puzzles for June 14: Maud
Mallory, Julia Brieger, Bolton Hamble, Zorah
Turey, Walter Duane, Frank Brown, Herbert
Brown, Oscar Angilley, Kate Morris, lone
Smith, Monica Giauella, Isabella Grass. Pinkie
Forgie, H. Borchers. One unsigned list from
Arroyo Grande; also one unsigned from San
Francisco.
For June 21— M. J. Selig, Alice Bell, Rose
Tumelty, Zoe Hall, Eva Navone, Jennie Mor
gan, Annie H. Goward, Madeilna Lagomarsino.
Quite Possible.
"Lovely eirl," he said after the introduc
tion. "I should like to see more of her."
"There's no difficulty about that," re
turned the mutual friend.
"Really?"
"None at all. If you will go to Narra
gansett Pier this summer you will sqe a lot
more of her, if she wears the same bathing
suit she did iast summer."— Chicago Post,
2728
THE MIRACLE OF
PROFESSOR LANGLEY.
A Wonderful Man-Made
Monster That Soars in
Midair.
Light Thrown on the Most Re
markable Mechanical Mys
tery of the Age.
Description of an Eye-Witness Who
Sf-w che Flying-Machine in Suc
cessful Operation.
When the startling news was made pub
lic by Professors Bell and Langley that
the latter's flying machine did on the 6th
of May, 1896, actually fly, everybody in
the world was excited to know the partic
ulars. The two eminent scientists would
only say that their flying machine did fly,
and that the experiment was made near
Occquan.
The reticence of the professors may
have been pardonable fiom their point of
view, but it was exceedingly exasperating
to the world at large, and a correspondent
of the Pittsburg Dispatch set out to locate
the place and get a pen picture of the won
derful machine.
Alter various vicissitudes the secret
workshop of these modern magicians was
discovered on an island in the Potomac
River, and is described as follows:
Hid away in a secluded cove at the
edge of the marsh, unsuspected until one
came close to it, was the "ark," in which
has been fondled a flying creature, which
will be of far greater significance to the
future of humanity than the dove which
winged its way from the Ark of Noah.
The "ark" suggests a sort of boathouse.
Upon an ordinary flatboat, or scow, a
cabin has been built, almost as wide as
and two-thirds the length of the vessel.
Three windows in each side have strong
board shutters, which are closed and se
curely fastened when the engineers are
absent. So, also, at such times the heavy
do r is secured with a big padlock.
The interior is an unknown world to all
save the inventor and his assistants.
Here some parts of the mysterious winged
creature are made, and the whole is fitted
together when an experiment is to be tried.
Upon the top of the cabin is a curious
framework that revolves on wheels like a
turntable. Upon tliis frame the aerodrome
is placed when ready for flight, and its
head is turnea toward that point from
which bows the most advantageous wind.
A portion of the frame which works upon
hinges, or loose joints, is then raised by
leverage to lift the airship clear of all ob
struction, steam is let on. and slowly and
stately the monster bird rises in the air.
One who has s- en the aer irome in va
rious stages of development gave to the
writer a much more satisfactory account
of the latest performance than that made
public by the inventor. As a neighbor to
the island he has had unsought opportu
nities to learn facts which he describes as
foilows:
"This flying machine, as it is called, has
pas.-cd through many changes since I saw
the early experiment, but it is changed
less in form than in material, the last
form, which gave such astonishingly suc
ces.-ful results, being by far the lightest in
weight, while presenting a much larger
wins? surface in comparison to the weight.
"The wings, or planes, are about four
teen feet from tip to tip, are of fine steel
rolled almost as thin as paper, are guyed
or stayed with fine wire and are some
what similar in shape to the outstretched
wings of a bird. The engine and propel
ling wheels, which are so diminutive they
look iike toys, are placed centrally under
the wings, like the body of a bird, and
serve a purpose similar to that of ballast
in a marine vessel. In fact the aerodrome
is but an air vessel possessing many of the
characteristics of a sea-going vessel. It is
both flying fowl and swimming fish.
"I happened accidentally to be placed in
a position to witness the experiment of the
6th of May. My heart jumped into my
mouth as the toy naphtha engine began
to revolve its little wheels and vent its
hiss like the whisper of a zephyr. Slowly
the great bird began to sail away. Grace
fully as the eajrle and with as sublime a
confidence in itself as the eagle feels the
strange creature rose higher and higher,
choosing a circular course for some rea
son I cannot explain. The circle included
almost the area of the island and the
highest flight was probably 150 feet. Twice
it traversed this circular path, soaring
more steadily than the frightened buz
zards, which watched it from far away,
and then its motion was retarded by the
lessening pressure of the steamer. Start
ing slowly on its descent it swung once
more around a segment of the circle, and
gradually and gently as a feather is wafted
downward till it settled into the shal
low water. It had not sustained the least
injury.
"A second time the bird of steel was
placed upon the framework from which it
started. The tiny reservoir was filled with
flui(', the steam began its little hiss, tne
signal was given, the lever was moved,
the wheels began to revolve. The course
this time varied from the other, but the
phenomena of flight were similar, the alti
tude reached being perhaps a little higher.
The remarkable feature of the perform
ance was that after the steam was ex
hausted and the propellers ceased to
move, there was no disturbance of the
equanimity of the machine. Its outspread
wings balanced perfectly, and its approach
to the water was on the line of a gently
inclined plane. The professors, mechanics
and photographers who caught the bird
in its flight were wild with delight at the
wonderful success of the experiment."
"What do you suppose will be the next
move of Langley and Bell?"
"From what I overheard I am assured
that they will at once begin the construc
tion of a large machine, with at least a
one-man carrying capacity, and a steam
or electric motor with sufficient lasting
power for a thorough test. The present
machine, even with its spread of fourteen
feet, may be called a mere toy, as it
scarcely weighs more than thirty pounds.
I shall bs greatly surprised if within the
next year we do not witness the spectacle
of aerodromes in grand flight with full
grown men at the helm. The safety and
practicability of the invention seem now
so well demonstrated that I think of ap
plying for the honor of being the first en
gineer to take flight with the big bird of
steel." ____________
The telephone "information bureau"
will probably be a development of the
near future. It will serve as a city direct
ory, almanac, railroad and steamboat
tiiiie-tahle, hotel reporter, blue book, etc.
i
'rofessor Langley's Aerodrome Poised Ready for Flight on Top of the Ark That Serves as
Workshop, and Is Hidden in the Potomac Marshes.
FROM A PHOTOGRAPH OF THE SEA SERPENT CAPTURED NEAR TACOMA.
REMARKABLE SPEED
OF A TIDAL WAVE.
Indications on This Coast of a Dis
turbance More Rfcent Than
the Japan Disaster.
Pecuiar Action of the Gauge at Sausa
lito-Pencil Registered What
Could Not Be Seen.
The tidal disturbances observed at Van
couver Island and at New River, in Men
docino County, within the past few days,
indicate unerringly, according to the gen
tlemen locally connected witu the Coast
and Geodetic Survey, that one or more
earthquakes have taken place since the
awlul wave that caused the loss of 30,000
or more lives at Yesso. The exact date of
the tidal disturbance at Vancouver Island
is uot known, so thai there may be a ques
tion whether the manifestations there and
at New River worked the same natural
convulsion. The register attached to the
tide gauge at Bausalito told of the Yesso
calamity before many of the facts had
been received by cable. But the extent of
the information traced on the maregram
at Sausalito, as it is called, was only that
there had been an earthquake which had
caused the ocean to undulate in an un
! usual way. The observer at Sausalito re
ports that when the pencil attached to the
. tide register was recording the Japanese
I tidal wave he could not see anything un
-1 usual in the appearance of the water.
Earthquake waves or those given rise by
earthquakes are transmitted with iuch
; enormous speed that the Japan disaster
I was recorded at Sausalito about twelve
hours after it occurred.
There are valuable records in the office
of the Coa3t and Geodetic Survey which
show beyond question that a speed of six
miles a minute, or 360 miles an hour, ia to
| be expected under such conditions.
The overwhelming of Simoda, a town on
the island of Niphon, appears to have
been almost a complete parallel in physi
cal manifestations with the recent occur
rence at Yesso. On the 23d of December,
1854, a sharp earthquane shock was felt in
Simoda and upon the shipping at 9a. m.
This was followed at quick intervals for
half an hour. At 9:30 the sea was ob
served washing into the bay in one im
mense wave, thirty feet high, with awful
velocity.
In an instant the town of Simoda was
overwhelmed and swept high from its foun
dations. This advance and recession of
the water occurred many times. The
Russian frigate Diana was hurled about by
the rising and falling oi the waters, which
varied from less than eight feet to more
than forty feet.
Captain H. A. Adams wrote of the
Simoda disaster that the sea rose five
fathoms above its usual height, '"overflow
ing the town and carrying houses and
temples before it in its retreat. When it
fell it left but four feet of water in the
harbor. It rose and sank this way, five or
six times, covering the shores of the bay
with the wreck of boats, junks and build
ings. Only sixteen houses were left stand
ing in the whole place. The entire coast
of Japan seems to have suffered."
That terrific happening was recorded by
the tide register at San Francisco twelve
i hours and thirty-eight minutesjater. The
distance between Simoda and San Fran
cisco is 4527 nautical miles. The wave
j transmission varied, according to two
estimates, from 358 miles per hour to 370
miles per hour or 6.2 miles per minute,
which is about six times faster than the
most speedy railroad train travels.
The tide-gauge was established at Fort
Point about 3852 and was removed to Sau
salito by Professor George Davidson in
1877. The first large earthquake wave re
corded on the nauge at this port was that
of Simoda. The great convulsion at Kra
katoa, in the Strait of Sunda, which took
place only a few years ago, was registered
at the Sausalito tide-gauge, and the news
that a great earthquake had occurred was
made public by Professor Davidson weeks
before the information was otherwise
known. From calculations based on the
record made by the tide-gauge at Fort
Point after the Simoda disaster of 1854 the
Coast and Geodetic Survey estimated the
average depth of the Pacific Ocean, and the
accuracy of the estimate has been subse
quently demonstrated by deep-sea sound
ings. It is an interesting fact, in view of
the recent calamity at Yesso, that the loss
of life by earthquake disturbances up to
1896 on th« entire earth has been at least
13,000,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
COMBINED HEARSE AND CARRIAGE.
The spirit In favor of funeral reforms is growing constantly, and an invention in this direc
tion is the combined hearse and carriage by the use of which the cost of funerals will be cut
down by 50 or 60 per cent. As will be seen in the cut the receptacle for the coffin Is on top of
the carriage, and the place below for the friends and relatives. There is also a private com
partment for the immediate relatives of the deceased. The idea is patented by Eugene Cook
of New York.
First position.
THEY CAPTURED A
REAL SEA SERPENT.
Seventeen Feet Long and Weighs
One Hundred and Fifty-
Four Pounds.
Smooth Skin, With Spots Like These
of a Rattlesnake — Ferocious
as a Tiger.
The sea serpent has at last been taken
alive in his native haunt, or rather from
his native haunt, if this the placid waters
of Puget Sound can be called the haunt,
of such an animal, where the majestic
snow-clad Mount Tacoma towering as a
sentinel gives a picture nowhere equaled
on the North American continent.
A porpoise finds his way into the sound
from'ttie Pacific, and occasionally a whale
is seen spouting, but the sea serpent was
never thought of until two Tacoma fisher
men, R. E. McClean and W. J. Kennedy,
while fishing for black bass about two
miles north of the Humi Humi River,
which empties into Hoods Canal near this
city, made the catch. They were along
side a ledge where the water drops off 100
to 150 feet deep, and were using minnows
for bait, when their attention was
attracted to a commotion in the
net, and the water becoming agi
tated was followed immediately by the
head of the monster appearing above the
surface. This struck terror to the already
frightened fishermen, who at once made
for the shore, dragging it after them and
hauling it up on the beach.
The monster was as ferocious *s a tiger,
and bit and snapped the gaff stick in
pieces, and when hauled on the beach
rushed back over the sands with the 100
feet of line and swam out to sea as far as
it could go. The reptile was seventeen
feet long and as big around as a man's
body, and has every characteristic of the
snake except the head, which is much
like that of the pugnacious bulldog. The
under jaw is heavy and covered with
skin, the eyes are as large as a man's and
as bright, and will follow the movements
of a person as closely as the eyes of
a cat follow a mouse, and without
the animal ever moving its head. The
general color of the serpent is darkish
blue, with spots much like those of a rat
tlesnake, the spots fading out into lighter
blue at the circumference. The skin is
■mooth like that of the snake. The mon
ster is finned much like the halibut, hav
ing a long dorsal, very thin, running down
Second Position.
Photograph of a Tornado, Taken
at Oklahoma City May 14.
the back, while underneath there is a sim
ilar fin, but only near the caudal extrem
ity. The animal's jaws are set with rows
of sharp teeth, like those of a cat, and the
great strength of the jaw enables it to
sink its fangs to the base in a stick of
wood.
Immediately on its capture the animal
was lariated near where captured, and the
water was lashed into foam in its efforts
to escape. McClean and Kennedy say
they are positive it is the sea serpent
which has so long worried the marine
world.
In the water, they say, the reptile looks
larger than it really is, and from this fact
lies much of the exaggeration from those
who claim to have seen sea serpents. They
say that such a monster as they have
taken swimming alongside arowboat with
raised head would turn the oldest and
bravest fisherman's hair gray.
It has not been fed any since its capture,
and subsists on whatever it can find within
the radius of the water within the rope's
length. The fishermen have been relieved
of their burden by Gilbert Girard, the ac
tor, who happened to stop this way on his
way East and who intends presenting the
monster to the Smithsonian Institution.
—
J. L. Kerr insists on the inferior value
of boiled milk compared with uncooked as
a food. The latter is lanrely composed of
living cells, which are, he~th"inks, absorbed
alive, and enter the circulation without
change. This view is supported by the
work of Koplik, who showed that the un
absorbed nitrogen iti the feces is much
greater after a meal of cooked than after
one of raw milk. Other writers, however,
have found a more rapid increase in weight
in children fed on boiled or sterilized milk
than in those fed on raw.
HOW FAR CAN THE
EARTH BE PENETRATED?
Proposition Made in France
to Travel in a Straight
Line.
Colonel Hennebert Gives Inter
esting Facts Showing Its
Impossibility.
Man's Limit of Ascension Appears
Equal to the Depth He Can
Penetrate.
Under this title, Colonel Hennebert con
tributes to La Nature (Paris, May 23) a
criticism of the proposition which, it
seems, has been made in France with some
show of seriousness, to travel from place
to place in a straight line by tunneling be
neath the earth's surface instead of follow
ing along that surface, which compels us
at present to move in a curve. ' Such a tun
nel, although accurately straight, would be
"down hill" for half its length and "up
hill" for the remaining half, hence most of
the distance oould be covered by means of
gravity alone. Colonel Hennebert con
cludes that this project is impossible of
realization, for reasons which will appear
from the following extracts, translated
from his article. After allusions to Jules
Verne's fantastic tale, "A Journey to the
Center of the Earth," he goes on to say:
"This geographic romance is charming
from one end to the other, but it is after
all only a romance, and since people will
persist in desiring to penetrate the mys
teries of the interior of our planet it is best
to disabuse these curious adventurers.
The best means to dampen their ardor by
means of a curative douche is to demon
strate to them mathematically the impos
sibility of a journey of this kind, an im
possibility that should have been revealed
to them by their own intuition."
Colonel Hennebert tells us that M. Col
lignon. a French geometer, has recently
worked out mathematically the move
ment of a point on a chord of the terres
trial sphere; that is, practically, the mo
tion of a railway car, let us say,, on a rail
way laid in such a tunnel as we have sup
posed. As may be easily seen, it would
mote faster and faster to the middle of the
tunnel and then slower and slower to the
other end. This end would be reached if
there were no resistance, but the friction
of the wheels would stop the car at some
point between the center of the tunnel and
the farther end. Colonel Hennebert quotes
M. Collignon's conclusions as follows:
"At a time when people are not afraid
of long tunnels it would seem that there
would be a great advantage in employing
a means of locomotion in which gravity
would do almost all the work, and which,
by piercing the globe in straight lines,
would establish rapid communication be
tween the most distant geographic points.
The characteristic of this mode of trans
port would be that the traveler would
always have to descend to reach his ob
jective point, and that the journeys would
all take the same time, no matter what
the distance might be."
Colonel Hennebert calculates this time
(which is, of course, done on the supposi
tion that there is no friction), and finds
j that it is 42 minutes 11 seconds, which
is, he remarks, little enough for a trip
from London to Melbourne, or from Paris
to Timbuctu. However, it appears that
an important practical consideration has
been hitherto overlooked. Says Colonel
Hennebert:
"We hasten to declare that a journey of
this kind belongs to the domain of the im
possible. Without stopping to consider
the mass of objections that might be op
posed to his calculations, M. Collignon
sees an absolute obstacle to the realization
of his plan in the enormous pressures that
would be developed in the air at the depths
that would have to be reached in the
course of journeys at any length."
A table, showing the number of atmos
pheres corresponding to the pressures at
different depths is here given and shows
that at a depth of only a fiftieth of the
earth's radius the pressure would be repre
sented by the number 34,547 followed by
57 ciphers! The article goes on:
"We must then admit that in the whole
central part or the tunnel, if it has pene
trated to any depth in the subterranean
strata, there is a sort of impassable wall,
formed by compressed air, in which bodies
from the surface of the globe would be
stopped, crushed, perhaps burned up.
"To what depth beneath the sea-level
can we descend in a pit freely open to the
air? It can be shown that the pressure of
three atmospheres is the extreme limit of
pressure that can be borne with impunity.
To this limit corresponds the depth of
8750 meters (28,700 feet, or more than 500
miles), and when this has been reached
the first fifth of the earth's crust has
scarcely been traversed. This depth is yet
far from having been reached, even in the
most famous mines.
"It is a curious fact that this number of
8750 meters also nearly expresses the limit
of height to which we have been able to
rise in the terrestrial atmosphere.
"From ail these considerations we can
conclude that within the limits of less
than nine kilometers, either above or
below sea level, by a series of the most in
teresting conditions man sees himself con
fined by the fateful decree: Ne plus ultra."
A Suggestion for Inventors.
When electricity was first adopted in
houses an attempt was made to perpet
uate the old gas brackets, chandeliers, etc.
It took a certain time for the vendors of
such articles to realize that their form
might be altered for the better, as the
heaviness which was needed where a tube
was necessary was out of place when a
thin wire replaced the tube.
So it seems to be with motor carriages,
so far as I have seen them. Carriage
makers, or whoever design the new ve
hicles, cannot get out of their head the
lorms that are suitable for carriages drawn
by horses, and they seem to be under the
impression that it would be almost a crime
to deviate from the old models. The man
whose motor carriage will eventually be
come popular must emancipate his mm d
from the tyranny of continuity. — London
Truth.
Photographs of a Tornado.
The Engineering News prints the photo
graph of a tornado of which the accompany-1
ing cut is a reproduction, and says that it wil
be examined with especial interest at this
time, both by those who have had and those
who have not had the fortune, good or ill, to
witness one of these terrible storms. The
photograph was taken by T. Croft, a local
photographer at Oklahoma City, Oklahoma
Territory, at about 4 p. m. on May 14. The
tornado was about six miles distant when Ihe
photograph was taken, and a rough computa
tion indicates a probable diameter of the fun
nel of about 1000 feet.
Tne negative is, unfortunately, exceedingly
faint and the print should show the sky much
darker than it does, but a tornado is a difficult
subject to photograph at the best; in fact,
most people who have witnessed one of these
twisters have found other things to occupy
their time than taking pictures of the threat
ening spiral. So far as known this is the first
actual photograph of a tornado ever published
and it Is believed that only one other has ever
been taken. This is referred to in Russell's
••Meteorology" as having been secured at the
Howard mines, Soutn Dakota, on August 28,
1884, the cloud then being twenty-two miles
away, and a rather poor pen picture is inserted
in the book, drawn from the photograph.
TO PROMOTE INSANITY.
A new puzzle has recently appeared which,
the New York Evening Sun thinks, bids fair to
fill the lunatic asylums or ruin the eyesight of
the unfortunate persons in whose hands it
chances to fall. No skill or calculation is
required to solve it. The thing works itself,
but how and why is a mystery.
The name of the puzzle Is "Get Off the
Earth." It consists of two pieces of card
board, one square piece, in the center of
which is fixed a circular piece, which
revolves on a central pin through an arc
of about an inch. The circular piece is
painted like a map of the earth, and about the
edges, partly on the earth and partly in the
surrounding air, are twelve Chinamen, wear
ing swords. Turning the cardboard round
about it is found that one of the Celestials has
completely vanished. To find out where is the
puzzle.
Simple as it looks, this is a difficult problem.
A simple turn of the cardboard does appear to
put on the earth an extra man; a reversal of
the center piece and he is gone. And yet all
the parts that make up the men are in plain
sight, and none are concealed beneath the re
volving world.
After a large series of careful observations
one of the principal electrical companies In
the United States has decided to put Crookes
tnbes on the market, and tubes of approved
sizes and types may now be purchased. It is
said, says the Electrical Review, that very
successful results have been obtained with the
tubes already furnished. Experiments are be
ing continued, in order that the most im
proved forms may be within reach of the pub
lic continually.
The Russian petroleum trade was badly in
jured last winter by inundations, which inter
rupted for weeks the working of the Trans-
Caucasian Railroad, which extends from the
petroleum wells on the Caspian to the Black
Sea, through what were formerly known as
Circassia and Georgia. There Is now serious
talk of a pipe line to connect with another
railroad north of the Caucasus.
Certain kinds of diamonds, those of a hluish
white tint, have been found to phosphoresce
on exposure to the ultra-vioiet rays of an elec
tric arc or other strong light. It is suggested,
that as these particular tinted diamonds are
the only ones which phosphoresce, the phos
phorescence may be due to some contained im
purity.
NEW , TO-DAY. _ . „, , n -.-,-.' ____
What it The teeth— decay. • The breath— from impurity,
saves: The gums— from softening. The pocket— money.
S rary JEW £& w saswwpi^ —
Teeth^Br^thT
A sample of liquid Sozodont by mail, provided you mention this publication and send three cents
for postage. Address HALL & RUCKBL, New York City, Proprietors of Sozodont, Sozoderma Soap,
bpalding's Glue and other well-known preparations. • .
: . RAH.ROAD TRAVEL!
■OVTHKRN 'PACIFIC COMPANY.
1 (PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
TralM leave and are due to arrive at I
SASi KItAX fS4«>. A;/
bate- — From Juke 7, 1896. — a k ivb
"^SiOOa. Niles, San Josa and Way Stations. . . 8:45 a
7:00 a Atlantic Express, Ogden and Rut.. - *•«■"•»
7:OVa Benicia, Vacaville, Rurcsey. Sacra-
• mento, Oroville and Redding via '
Davi3 6545p
7:00 a Martinez, San Ramon, Napa, Calis-
toga and Santa Rosa C:l3f
•:30a Niles, San .lose, .Stockton. ■ lone, . '■.-.
Sacramento, Marysvilie and Res .
81uff..... 4 5p
•S:3Oa Peters and Milton »7:13p
9:OOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa ' ' '
■ Barbara and Los Angeles 4:45*
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 11:43 a
9:OOa Vallejo «:13r
l:0Op Niles, San Jose and Livermore 8:43 a
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers «S:O0r
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations. . ...... «:45p ]
4:0 Of Martinez, .San Ramon, Vallejo, •/->
Napa, Calistoga, El Verano s.nc .
• Santa Rosa :....... »ilSa
«x«*p Benicia, Vacaville, . Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marjsvills,
:•' : .,' ■■*.-- ■-•.'.. Oroville and .Sacramento l#i«a
4:3»r Niles, San . Jose, Livermore and
Stockton :... 7:15p ;
4:3*r Merced. Berenda, Raymond (for
emitu) and Fresno 11j4Sa ;
siOr New Orleans KxpreEs.rresuo.BaterS":
field, Santa Barbara.Los Angeles.
jDeming, £1 Paso, New Orleans and
East.... 1«:1»A
- sis)*p Santa Fe Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojava and East 1»:15a i
5:00p Vallejo ll:S.>a
6:0« - European Mail, Ogden and East.... 0:45 a
6:00 r Hay wards, Niles and San Jose 7:48*
t7:o«r Vallejo f7:45p
7:00 Oregon Express, Sacramento, Marys-
villo, Redding, Portland, Pnget
Hound and East 10:45 a
' SANTA <:itHZ IHVIMON (Narrow (Jaui;e;.
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, hanta Cruz
and Principal Way Stations JB:Mp
8:1 Newark, 7 ose.Feltou,
• V " Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
* ■ Stations ......i.. sis«p |
**:13? Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, )souldsr Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations ;....... «I1:20a
|4:15 - Newark, San .lose and Los (iatos.... H!»:.1Oa
COAST DIVISION (Third & Tnwiisciiil Sis.)
*6:43 a Han Jose and Way .Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays 0n1y).....'., 8:4~a ;
t7»3*A Sunday ' Excursion for - San Jose.
Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations.. }8:35p .
■:15a San .lose, Tres Pinos, Santa Cruz, • •;.-.:
Vacilio Grove, Paso Rubies, Sac ■
Luis Ohispo, Guadalr.pe and Prin-
cipal Way Stations .........'.....- 7:05r-
-19:47a Palo Alto and Way Stations tl :30p
M»:IOa San .lose and Wny 5tati0n5......... 5:00 1-
-11:3Oa Palo Alto and Way Stations 3:30p
*2:30p San MaU'O, Mcnlo Park, San Jos*
1 GflToy, ' Tres Pinos, Santa Crui,
Salinos,MontereyandPaciQcGrove *IQ:4Oa
*3:»Op Sail Jose, Pacific Grove and Way
5tati0n5.;.....;.........,.......,. *1;30p
•4:30r San Jose and Way Stations *(»:«Ga
5:»Op San Jose and Principal Way Stations "8; a
O:UOp San Jose and Way Stations .... : 6:33 a
|11:45p San Jose and Way Stations... .t7:43p
SAX IiKANmtO AM) IIAI WARDS LUIAL.
<*O:OOa") ( 7:15 a
8:00 a i t »:-85A
iS.OOaI Mclrose, Seminary Park, \^ X
"Hoop Fitchb«rg,S» Le-«dro j « :jg^
«:OOp ' Md . 4:«5p
4:00p ■* 3:4 3 p
5:30r Baprards. «;»3p
1 7:«0p : '■ - . y \\ 8*45 r
Sloop* »* Runs through to Niles. : io'^o r
HllflZj tyromNiles. { mSI
CREEK ROUTE FERRY/
from SIR mNCISCO— Foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. tl:ao * 2:3 ° » :Ci;
•4:03 -t5:00 •6:00 p.m. - IWI
from OAKLAND — Foot of Broad »»j. — "t>>oo $■>■
■ 10:00 a.m. tI2:CO •1:00 (2:00 - *3 00 ±4 : Cf
- "5:00p.m. .' ;,:-■- : -, ' .- . '.: -■':
A for Morning. - p or Afternoon
• Sundays excepted. , . \ Saturdays onh
. .... ■ _ X Sundays only.
' ' Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only
*i Saturdays and Sundays for Santa Cruz.
PTB ( PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
wv« c  (>la Sausalito Ferry).
irrom San Francisco, commencing j une 15 . 1896.
WEEKDAYS. .June 10, l»9b.
1 lX*in y >°d:Ban A^fael-.8:00, *900
6-30 «'-4S « & U - '' 1%J :3J ' * a :ao - * 2 ••16. •4- 00
lilob a. v. 880 '* KxtT " trlp to Sau.aiito^
Trains marked • rnn to San Qnentin. "™™
P. m. does not run to Mtll Valiev
For Poinr THROUGH TRAINS. ' -
CHILDREN'S EYESIGHT
IMPROVES WITH AGE
Singular Results of an Exami
nation of School
Pupils.
The Percentage of Normal Vision
Found to Increase With Years.
Bad System of Light.
The growing use of glasses by people
who are in their prime and should possess
good eyesight has been the subject of much
discussion. Oculists claim that with
proper care and treatment of such troubles
giving nature a chance to assert herself
imperfections in vision may be remedied
and overcome, so that the use of glasses
can be done away with after a time.
It seems that the School Board of Balti
more has not been so short-sighted in the
matter, but recently assisted a committee
of oculists in the work by having the
schoolteachers co-operate with them.
The results are shown in the following
statement, published in Philadelphia:
The eyes of 53,067 pupils were exam
ined by the tests ordinarily used by
oculists, and the results are interesting
and suggestive.
Nine thousand and fifty-one pupils were
found to have such defective eyesight as
to make school work unsafe. Fifty-three
| per cent of the children were found not to
■ be in the enjoyment of normal vision,
i but curiously enough the percentage of
defective eyesight steadily decreased with
the age of the pupils. The percentage of
normal vision was found to be as follows
in the different grades: First grade, 35;
1 second, 41; third, 47; fourth, 49; fifth, 48;
! sixtb, 48; seventh, 54, and eighth, 5*J. No
explanation is offered for this improve
| ment in eyesight with age and the use of
I the eyes under school conditions.
Until such explanation is given it might
be argued either that the eyesight of the
race is deteriorating, being worse in tho
children latest born, or that there are de
j fects in vision which are remedied either
i by nature or art.
But at least one definite conclusion was
reached. It was found that many black
boards and maps in the schools were not
i placed in the proper light, and the report
i of the oculists recommends yearly cx
i aminations hereafter of the pupils' eye-
I sight, and that a uniform system of adjust
able seats and desks be adopted, and
that these be regulated to the heights of
j the children.
—:—r : ; : j
' RAILROAD TRAVEL. ' ■
SMFMCISCO& NORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiboron Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O^ 9:00, 11:00 a.m.- 12-3 S.
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. M. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. it. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. it.
SUNDAYS— 7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:30,
6:00, 6:20 p.m. .«*.**
; . San Rafael 'to San Francisco. ■■<.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 A. *.•
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— "trios
at 1 :55 P. it. and 6:35 p. m. • W
SUNDAYS— 7:36, 9:35 ' 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:4 a
5:00, 6:26 p. M.
Between San i'rancisco and Schuetzen Park sama
schedule as above.
l<e«T« Tnp««wt Arrive '
San Francisco! I°riT^ San Francisco.
. Week I Sun- lle .\, ) n a ttoß ■ Sosr - I ,Wh«-
Days. | days. destination. DAYa . [ DaY3 '
7:30 am 7:30 am Kovato, 110:40 am 8:40 ah
3:30 pm 9:30 am Petal lima, i 6:05 pm 10:10 am
5:10 pm 5:00 p.m Santa Rosa.| 7:30 PMj 6:15 pjc
Fulton, i
7:30 am Windsor, ' 10:10 AM
■ Healdsburi:, ■
Gevseryille,
3:30 pm : 7:30 am 1 Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
j Pieta, i ~ '•■
7:30 am 1 i I Hopland & ■ . 10:10 ah
3:30 pm 7:30 am j Ukiah. , 7:30 ■ 6:15
7:30 AM . ~ 10:10 am;
7 :30 am Quernevllle. 7 :30 pm
3:30 PM ■ -6:15 p»c
7:30 am 7 :30 am Sonoma 10:40 am- 8:40 Ale
■ and .
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:05 pm 6:15 psc
7:30 am|7:3O am] SebaatoDO . 110:40 am 1 10:10 ax
3:3opmls:oopm| eDaatopol - j 6:05 pm| 6:15 pit
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Ska?ss Springs; »;
Cloverdale for he Geysers; at Pieta for Highland
Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay arid kakeport; at
Hopland for Lakeport and Bartiett -^ Springs* at
tkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. Porno, Potter
Valley. John Day's, Klverslrte, Lierley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrln Heights. Hullville, Booneville
Oreenwood, Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City
Fort Bra?pr, Wsstport, Usal, Willets. Canto,. Co-
ve!o, Laytonville, Harris, Scotia and Kureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates- ...
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points be-
yond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St., Chronicle bulldlnc
H.C WHITING, R.X. RYAN.
Gen. Manager. j Gen. Pass. Agant.
■ .
Atlantic H|^^^^
RAILROAD lili^ifiM^^
Trains leave from and arrive •YSsSßraTviiQ
at Market-Street Ferry. C&Qf&^ZynEl
SANTA FE EXPRfcSS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
Leaves every day at 5 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars tor
Denver and St. Louis. - ■—./»*,
The PODttiar S.«TA FE ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
with the very, latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, running
through to destination. ;"
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery)
and good meals in Harvey's dining-rooms. ■ - ■;
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chrom. •!»» tUiililln-r.
LI PO TAJ JR., l /^>v
; Chinese . Tea and Herb LK j ,
Sanitarian], SnWHB
I No. 727 Washington St., \«- I
San Francisco, Cal. \'9£ ' f : •
Cor. BxenhJim Place* abOT* VK - X
the plaza, ■ - _^sF*^ /Jh»^.
Office Hours: 9to 13, >-— "^fm /XIJ^N.
1 to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- *Lh£ifr
, day, 9 A. M. to 13 M. ,»^
Li Po Tai Jr.. son of the famous LI ?»
Tai, has taken hi» fathers businoa*
and is, after, eleven yeara* study lix
China, fully prepared to locate an*
treat all diseases.JWodish Sowns
Worn by Women On and
Off the Stage
All of the fashionable world still left to
the mercy of the winds and dust as
sembled last Monday to welcome John
Drew and his gifted company. As usual,
the actresses wore well and stylishly
Kowned, for they know by expeiience that
a San Francisco audience is well able to
criticize every toilette from bonnet to
shoes.
In the first act Maud Adams in an even
ing frock of black looked touchingly sweet
and fragile. Ueautii'ul embroidery adorned
the bodice, and produced the effect of large
sapphires strewn over the black chiffon.
The loose front most admirably suited the
wearer's slender t:g.ure and the darfc velvet
skirt hung to perfection.
The next time we see this little actress
she wears a very handsome cape of rich
purplish velve:. Her hat is a large black
one with blacK ostrich plumes and here
and there a crimson rose. When she re
moved her !iat and cape a dainty gown was
revealed of a pinkish poplin. The bodice
was cov< red with pink mousseline de soie;
fold afn r fold of it produced excellent re
sults, md the sleeves were models of the
coming style. They were of the poplin,
which fitted the arm closely, and over it
was the mousseline. This was rucked all
the way up the arm until the shoulder was
reached and there the mousseline ex
r nded into a small puff. But most chic of
f. 1 was the last gown in which she ap
-1 eared ready for a dinner party. The
<kirt was of a heavy creamy-white satin;
over the back widths was a flight
of silvery butterflies. The bodice was
of orange satin with moderate sleeves.
Hie carried a great bunch of white
sweetpeas. About Maud Adams I
especially noted how excellent were her
sleeves and gloves, and her hair was most
becomingly dressed. Her skirts were so
well cut and hung that, although of nine
or ten gores, they gave her the necessary
air of slenderness now so fashionable.
Miss Annie Irish is a stylish woman,
but she was always at her best in full
evening dress, and in the "Squire of
Dames" her dinner gown was highly
satisfactory, being of a rich pale-green
silk, which was covered with quaint,
artistic figures in an odd bluiah-green
shade.
The bodice was- of a plain green silk
completely covered with mousseline de
soie beautifully embroidered in silver.
The mousseline was put on very full; the
sleeves were medium. Her fan, in white
«nd silver, was much admired, as it seemed
to have been especially designed to suit
the toilette. In her gown of a soft pinkish
cast she is not half so stylish, but with it
she wears a stunning bit of a bonnet of
grass gieen straw over which pink roses
nod in artistic confusion.
What a well-jcrown fresh-looking woman
Ethel Barrymore is. She wore in the
first act a sweet gown which might be
used as a model for a girl's snmmer even
ing dress. The skirt was of white organdie;
four ruffles composed it, on each of which
were three narrow rows of creamy
Valenciennes lace. The bodice was most
cracefully draped and the foundation for
the gown was of white taffeta. A few rich
primson roses here and there gave a wel
come touch in color.
In the next scene her toilette of coarse
brown canvas was excellent. The skirt
was full and absolutely unadorned, being
yimp'y bound with black, and this touch
of black appeared in a quaint sort of little
jacket, which was of the canvas bound
with black and stitched with an outline
figure in white. It was lined with a shot
greenish blue silk and was worn over a
blouse waist of wonderfully fine organdie,
which has many lines of fine Valenciennes
insertion. As the curtain falls Ethel is
robed in a dinner gown with a skirt of old
rose pink satin and a bodice of creamy
white chiffon and lace, about which is in
troduced a touch of pistache green.
In one scene the effect of the Western
girl's costume is somewhat 'spoiled by her
plove4 of long black suede being decidedly
the worse for wear, but then her hats were
quite lovely; not one was overloaded and
all were becoming.
Gladys Wallis was a winsome maiden in
her really lovely and simple frocks of or
gandy. One was covered with Dink blos
soms on a white ground. Soft falls of lace
and ribbons added to its charms, and it
was made in a manner suitable for a girl
of fifteen, and from it many maidens
might learn a lesson, as most of them will
not rest content until arrayed in a dress
quite suitable for their sisters, who may
be ten years their seniors.
Gladys is a picture in her white gown
with Irish point, under the inseitions and
edgings of which were introduced blue
satin ribbons, and baby ribbons were
abundant on the dear Jittle waist. 80 you
see I had reason to enjoy the bright play
and the costumes as well. Among the
cowns in the audience I observed that, as
has been usual for the past few seasons,
there was an epidemic of light bodices and
black silk or satin skirts. Of course the
sfcirts you know all about, and many of
them have done long and faithful service,
but some of the bodices were exceptionally
good. One of heavy white corded silk bad
a brocade design over it of grape leaves
and a deep pointed collar of black velvet
edged with a steel and crystal passe
menterie.
The sleeves had been diminished but
slightly in dimensions. An artistic crea
t:on was of white silk crepe over white
BiljC The crepe was covered with pale and
dark violets and looked as though the
pattern might have been drawn by one of
the sprites in a "Midsummer Night's
Dream." Insertions and real lace made
it still more lovely. Soft folds of white
completed it at the neck, and the sleeves
were the very latest.
The handsomest bonnet in the housi
rested on the beautiful and abundant
Bnow-white hair of a very handsome
matron. It loudly announced its Parisian
origin, so do not be surprised when I tell
you ihat I simply cannot describe it, for
to say ihat it seemed to be composed of a
substance like jet, but which was changed
when the gaslight tell on it from a browr;
to gr^cn and orange does not convey air
very definite idea*, but it was fascinatingly
chic; to that I can testify. Several young
girls in the house were noticeably pretty ln
light frocks; one of silk, a white ground
covered with ulue corn flowers and a Jace
yoke, and a full ruff of real Jace, and an
other was covere 1 with apple blossom
and bad a ruche of imitation bJossoms,
which gave it a Frenchy touch.
But I must give you the results of
my very latest information from foreign
parts, and to begin you must know
Louis Seize bodices will be worn no longer.
Cha.itiliy has settled that, for the secon
meeting was largely attended by the
elegantes of Paris, and the most perfectly
dressed women appeared in either very
short jackets in flowered silks or elabo
rately trimmed taffetas, and mousseline
de soie capes opening over lace, or fancy
bodices encircled with golden or jeweled
waistbands. Many waistbands worn were
made of a heavy galon, embroidered in
the Russian style with large cabocbons,
or with compact masses of golden beads,
dividing the belt into compartments.
Some were composed of bronze and steel
spangles, sewn upon an elastic foundation
so in.eniously fastened as to remind one
' of the scales ot a fish, and almost equally
brilliant and beautiful. Others were in
leather covered with a sort of mother-of
pearl tissue, with blue or pinky tints.
Cheap imitations of these are abominable
and not to be tolerated. The simple belts
of the best white or cream kid, with a
queer head as a fastening, are in good
taste.
We are all interested in cravats and the
i "Cravate Guizot" is the latest, It has
! been so called as it resembles slightly the
old-fashioned stock worn by Monsieur
Guizot. It is really too warm for summer,
and is composed of either black or white
moire, showing at the top a narrow line of
turned over linen collar. It is scarf-like
in form, passed from front to back and
then brought forward and knotted in a
sailor knot with long ends. We are in
structed to wear it with either ecru or
i colored silk batiste blouses. Blouses are
i now to be had of great elegance and per
! fectly cut. In price they are extraordi
! narily extravagant.
The fichu bravely holds its own, and the
! latest is of flowered taffeta. The large
i flowered silk paletot-sec is built quite
! short with a deep flounce of plisse mous
j seline de soie, usually black, at the bottom.
I The sleeves are enormously wide, so as to
I slip easily over those belonging to the
! bodice, and the main trimmings are loops
I and bows of black 6atin ribbon, generously
i disposed back and front. The taffeta
! fichus have black and white gauze plisses
I on their edges very often, showing charm
ing ( plestrons, which should harmonize
with the colors of the silk. Wide satin belts
j are frequently worn, of course black is
I preferred, which enfold the back and front
ends of the fichu. The fichu will not
have the necessary air of style without a
belt as it gives the pretty waist line,
i Black satin corselets of ribbon are seen on
; colored nfuslins, organdies and indeed on
every description of light transparent ma
: terials, and also upon the favorite white
I taffetas with the porcelaine-blue ara
j besques and the crepe de Chine dresses,
when the entire costume is of one color.
The ten-gored skirt most worn in the
evening on cersmonious occasions meas
ures exactly six and a half yards round;
for simple skirts nine gores are all-suffi
cient. For those who have dressmaking
I done at home I strongly advise using pat
j terns that are not only correct and re
liable, but those which are easily followed,
because accompanied by a full-size model,
! neatly put together.
The very latest evening dresses have no
I sleeves, but our low-cut bodices would in-
I deed have a very unfinished appearance
were this remark to be taken literally;
but no sleeves in this case means that
there is neither a long nor a short sleeve,
nor in fact any kind of sleeve of the ma
terial of the frock, either silk or satin;
only a billowy mass of tulla finishes the
bodice at the shoulder. Layers upon
layers of unhemmed tulle, like a ballet
dancer's skirt, start from trie armhole and
just cover the top of the arm. This tulle
can be of any color harmonizing with the
toilet, but white, pink or Nile green are
usually employed. The effect is ravish
ing, as nothing is so softening and becom
ing to the complexion as tulle, and the
neck of such a bodice is usually finished
with soft folds of the tulle. Truly, how
quickly we lay aside our most cherished
modes for the "latest," which we fall in
love with promptly and declare to be the
most beautiful ever devised.
At the present moment Frenchwomen
are raving over crepe de Chine, and writes
a correspondent: Every good gown I
meet displays this most charming fobric,
the palest shade of pavement gray and a
Tuscan tone being unquestionably the
I most favored hues, while the trimming is
mostly embroidered lawn, traced with a
little gold thread, and the belt may be
formed of glace silk, and belts are details
to which the Frenchwoman is much de
voted. She prefers these In corselet form
folded round her waist, extending almost
to her bust, where some soft muslin or
chiffon will overhang them. Black silk
and Chine silk make these corselets as a
rule, and the bodice usually boasts a small
frilled basque beneath them.
Enthusiastic Wfteelwomen. i
There are few more enthusiastic wheel
women than Miss Helen Gould and her
handsome sister-in-law, Mrs. Edwin Gould.
Miss Goald ir living at her home la Irving
ton. Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Gould are at
Beachwood, their beautiful summer place
at Dobbs Ferry. Both young women are
learning vo ride bicycles and each is
delighted with the sport.
Mrs. Edwin Gould, although very young,
is a charming hostess. When I called at
Beachwood one day last week Miss Helen
Gould was there also. Both were talking
bicycle* with the eager interest of novices
and with as much spirit and animation as
many women would display in discussing
a new bonnet.
"We have just been arguing about the
proper adjustment of handle bars," said
Mrs. Gould, smilingly; "it's a very im
portant matter, I assure you.' 1
When entering the house I noticed a
tandem and five or six single bicycles.
"You have quite a stock of b;cycles, 1!
I observed.
"Yes, indeed," said Mrs. Gould. "We
keep several extra machines for our
friends. When we have callers — and most
of our friends ride — we take them out on
the road for a social spin instead of sitting
on the veranda or, under the trees, as wo
used to do.
"Mr. Gould and I ride the tandem, or
rather we shall ride it as soon as Mr. Gould
is able. He was thr.iwn from his horse a
short time ago, you knew, and his knee
was injured quite badly. He resigned from
his regiment just because of the injury.
When his knee is well again he will give
up riding horses and take to the tandem.
I am very glad, too, for I think horseback
ndin dangerous."
"And it is not as so iable, either, as a
tandem bicycle," said Miss Helen Gould.
"That's true," replied Mrs. Gould. "One
cannot imagine how much pleasure and
sociability there ig on a tandem bicycle
until one has tried it. And when one's hus
band is on the tandem it is a great relief
to know that he is not in danger of being
hurt by trying to jump horses over high
fences."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
MEN'S VIVID WAISTCOATS ARE LOSING FAVOR
In London the gant de suede is not so
popular as the kid glove, and yellow
gloves are much worn.
The vivid waistcoat is not in favor
among well-dressed men in England.
Many waistcoats button very high— about
ten. Between ten and twelve buttons are
frequently seen.
Care should be taken not to wear a shirt
that too violently contrasts with one's
waistcoat. Even a tie should be selected
carefully. For instance I saw a man to
day who wore a pink shirt with hair lines
of white running through it and his white
tie had horizontal lines of dark blue. The
effect produced was common, although
the shirt was excellent.
I do wonder why Mr. Drew has such a
fancy for the Bilk braid down the seam of
his evening trousers. He wore trousers
disfigured in the same way last season.
His frock coats are well cut, but his riding
coat and breeches are not beyond criticism ;
however his boots and pumps, his
waistcoats, collars and ties are. I give an
illustration of the style of breecnes worn
by him in "The Squire of Dames." In
the same plays Mr. Baker and Mr. Byron
also wore good frock coats. About the
latest frocks it may be said: "There is a
smartness which suggests skirts, and yet
when analyzed the garment is seen to be
perfectly square cut. The soft shirts in
colors are worn a great deal in the coun
try, and the effort to put frills on the
bosoms of them has not met with much
success."
Concerning trousers it is well to remem
ber that "fancy trousers which are worn
with black frock coats are made of cash
mere. The patterns are in stripes, in
dart grays and blues. I have seen a num
ber of black and white plaids and a few
checks, but the stripe remains in favor.
The trousers are cut about nineteen and a
half in the knee, and eighteen bottom.
They are wide, bui have no spring. Ditto
trousers of cheviots and tweeds and shep
herd's plaids to be worn with coat of same
color and material for morning suits are
cut perhaps a little wider.
"Knickers are made very full and baggy
at the knee, and without the leather ex
tensions with which they were formerly
arranged."
Trousers are quite full, generally speak
ing, but oot baggy and have no percepti-
Dle spring.
A man asks an Eastern journal what
shirts he should wear to business, go as to
be in good form ; he is answered correctly
and fully: Colored percales, Oxford or
zephyr will be most in vogue. The style
will be white collars, all-around turn
down. The most popular patterns are in
stripes of darker blue, pink, brown, buff
or lavender on a lighter ground; stripes
running up and down. Cuffs are of same
ma eria! as shirts. White figures on col
ored grounds and colored figures on white
grounds >re also in vogue. The bosoms
are efther stiff linen or else unstarched.
Two shirt buttons and not three.
Russet shoes are out of date, excepting
for the depths of the woods and the coun
try. Then they should be laced, not but
toned.
So much green has been introduced into
almost all mixtures for summer suits that
Fancy Trousers Worn With
Black, Frock Coats Jlre
-
.Made of Cashmere
With Stripes in
Spays and
Blues
the critical man now avoids it when giving
an order for a new suit, knowing that it is
becoming common.
Some men certainly do not know how to
dress for coif, so it is interesting to note
Vogue's remarks concerning the game and
appropriate togs for it. Itsays: "Golf is not
a game of ease. Most golfers find them
selves in a dripping perspiration after they
have played a long course, and their suits
are adapted to this condition. In very hot
weather tho most approved suit is thin,
pray Russian duck, which is very light,
and through which air circulates freely.
The shirt is plain white, with no tie, the
shirt at the throat beins unbuttoned and
the sleeves rolled up to the elbows. Many
golfers wear no caps at all, preferring
to go bareheaded; and when they do
wear caps they should be of the
same material as the knickers and
very light. The shoes have very thick
soles, with spikes or hobnails and gaiters-
Scotch stockings are almost invariably
used, and should be carried aDove the
knee, the knickers fastening above the
knee. A year or two ago, when golf first
began to be played generally in America,
knickers were worn with box-cloth exten
sions and the stockings turned down below
the knee at the extensions. This, how
ever, is hot and uncomfortable and vir
tually obsolete to-day. In cold weather
sweaters are worn, and in very cold
weather both sweaters and a coat."
At the present moment in Paris there is
a great demand for marrow bones, as an
eminent physician has declared that mar
row on toast wonderfully aids digestion;
as a result all men are demanding it at
their clubs. Doubtless it will shortly be
called for here.
The comic papers joke about the good
democratic Scotch sport of golfing and
represent the golfer as an animated cos
tume, says the New York World. Shrewd
tailors have taken advantage of the golf
craze to create enormous opportunities
for weak-minded rich young men to make
themselves absurd, and such young men
rarely overlook such opportunities.
But these foolish youths are not golf
players, and they cannot be used as an
argument that golf is a foolish amusement
or that it demands the innumerable clubs
and clothes and other expensive things
that they love to indulge in.
Rather look at TayloV, the open cham
pion of England, and admit that it is
much fairer as well as much safer to judge
the game by him than by the Newport
youth.
Taylor often plays in ordinary street
clothes. His name is to golfers what
Pirn's name means to tennis players, or
Bob Cook's to amateur oarsmen. If any
player had a right to indulge in frills it
should be he.
As described by a writer in the Strand
magazine, he not only wears his ordinary
clothes, but he usually carries bis own
clubs, dispensing with the caddy which
the toy golfer glories in.
This is satisfactory proof that golf has
something to it besides clothes and cad
dies if that fact were not likely to be sus
pected by sensible people anyway. It has
spread with wonderful rapidity amongst
the rich since its introduction in America
a few years ago and it is inevitable that it
is to become one of the most popular
games for everybody as soon as the stigma
of being a clothes-horse amusement wears
off.
What makes it a good game? The fact
that it beats you oftenerthan you beat it.
There is hardly any such thing as making
a perfect shot. In baseball a player
catches a ball or he "muffs" it, but in golf
there is hardly a stroke a man makes that
he might not have made it better. All
this means that it has the essential quali
fications of a sport just as billiards has.
It beats one and keeps the interest
, aroused. C. C. ,
J} Pietupesque
Costume of White Silk and
Coat of Black
This very picturesque frock here repro
duced has a skirt of exceptionally rich,
soft white silk, with a bodice ot the same
veiled in a fichu of white chiffon. The
sacque-backed Eton coat is of black satin,
and the folded sash of crimson silk. The
black bonnet has bows of the crimson.
This toilette was worn at a large charity
bazar, and it will doubtless suggest in
various combinations some valuable ideas.
The jaunty Eton jacket model is being
made up for numberless slender women in
various fabrics. The cat must be faultless
to insure an air of style.
Black mousseline de soie, exquisitely
painted by hand, is in great vogue; also
made over colored or glace silk. One I
am delighted with is covered with grace
ful bunches of wistaria and is made over
a glace silk which shades and gleams like
a great opal. The vest has innumerable
ruffles of black mousseline de soie, edged
with real lace of a creamy hue. Shaded
sequins give the necessary touch. This
is a costly garment and one which will be
chic until the end of summer.
All long sleeves in Paris have a short puff
and are tacked to the waist. The only ex
ception to this rule is in the coat and
skirt combination; in it the sleeves are
slightly full and drooping. Evening bod
ices have long points in front. No fashion
able woman is now seen wearing white
gloves in the daytime, Jemon-colored kids
being in demand, as well as all soft shades
in suede kid. The tulle bow is a thing of
the past.
To sum up the fashions of France of the
hour. As a fabric, crepe de Chine is the
idol of the moment; the most popular ;
color is pale gray ; the next moment, I
venture to assert, it will be red ; while, as
a combination of colors, blue and violet
hold sway. Skirts are full, sleeves are
small, barques are short, belts are übiqui
tous, and even the most captious of critics
could be found to say a good word for the
modes of Paris as they are to-day, when
realized by the best artists and worn by
the woman of tact. Of course, that there
are other folks who live to caricature
Fashion's best laws is an unalterable fact
of existence. It is a sorry one, but inevit
able in a free country, where sumptuary I
legislation is a dead letter.
Truly fetching is a tea gown owned by a j
youthful bride. It is composed of a bro- i
cade having a pearl ground, over which !
are scattered pale mauve lilacs and green
leaves. Beneath this is worn an empire
dress entirely formed of mauve accordion- i
pleated silk hanging from a yoke of trans- j
parent lace. Two frills of this accordion
kilted silk make the sleeves. Bands of in
sertion, set transparently, adorn the fronts
of the gown on either side. It is mounted j
on mauve silk eiaborately frilled inside |
the hem with mauve and green glace, j
Tais gown is not difficult to mate, as the |
accordion-kilted silk may be purchased by j
the yard, and its great width on a woman
of medium height would be found suffi- ;
cient to hang from the lace yoKe which
just reaches the bust. A few yards of bro
cade will make the back, and the sleeves j
are easily mad a if the accordion frills are j
used with the narrow uncrushable silk ;
now to be had. It is a fact worth noting j
that accordion pleating never looks so well 1
on anything as on white, either chiffon or
silk.
Of all the dark colors this season, blue, ,
dark navy, is most worn, and truly attrac- j
tive morning gowns are made of this in j
canvas, trimmed with narrow white braid. 1
Frequently the bodice has a short-tabbed i
basque, worn with a very narrow white
kid belt or narrow folds of white ribbon.
The ribbon is most effective.
Glace silk continues to enjoy a great |
vogue, especially in green and white.
Alpaca will soon, I predict, be on the I
bargain counter, although it has not yet !
been given up, as it so perfectly sheds the |
dust, and a stylish frock of this fabric is of j
a medium shade of gray. It is braided i
prettily with white and has a front of j
white muslin over white silk. With it is j
worn, by one of the prettiest girls in the
country, a hat of black chip with a grace- j
ful roll of mousseline de soie and a few
black quills. Very simple you may think,
but it assuredly is charming. 1 wonder j
when women will learn the value of a j
little soft whiteness near the face. It has !
such an effect that words cannot do it jus- ]
tice. Try it if you have not done so al- ;
ready. It is most desirable for the women j
who have too much color, especially those '>
who have a purplish cast. Positively an j
ugly woman may become picturesque if .
she will w,e«r soft folds if she is stout, and
frills if slender, of some dainty fine white
stuff. Dark or dingy tones all emphasize
an unbecoming amount of color.
For coat and shirt suits white cam- \
brie fronts, exquisitely tucked and !
hemstitched, are less expensive than j
others, but we must supply ourselves
with at least six of them. The
slight girl looks well with a hem- !
stitched frill down the front and the white j
linen collars which turns over each side at
the top seem to have been especially de
signed for her.
In Vienna white pique riding habits
with white sailor hats are an admired nov
elty. The habits are of soft but very thick :
pique; the skirt is short, and both jacket
and waistcoat have strapped seams. The
collar of the waistcoat is high and quite
NEW to-day;
<t^_ oo Given
*P-«O* = Away
in for
GOLD U ants
Who can form the greatest number of words '
from the letters In CONTESTANTS by using
them backward or forward? You are smart
enough to make fifteen or more words, we feel
sure, and if you do, you will receive a good reward.
Do not use any tetter more times than It appears
In the word. Here is •an example of the way to
work it out: Con, cost, coat. on. test, to, ear. Ac <
The publishers of Woman's World and Jenness-
M Iller Monthly will pay $10 in gold to the person
able to make th" largest list of words from the
letters in the word CONTESTANTS; «8 for the
second lurgest; $5 for the third; $3 for t c fourth,
and $1 to the Jif;h, and a lady's handsome Ameri-
can movement watch for each or the seven next
largest lists. Every person sending a list of
fifteen words or more Is guaranteed a present by
return mail of alarze 100-page book, "Beside the
Bonnie Briar Bush." by lan Maclaren, one of the
most fascinating books of the axe. The above re-
wards are given free and without consideration
for the .purpose of attracting attention to our
handsome and valuable ladies' magazine, twenty-
four pages, ninety-six long columns, finely illus-
trated, and all original matter, long and short
stories by the best authors; price $1 . per year. It
is necessary for you to send 12 two-cent stamps
fora three-months', trial subscription - with your
list of words. satisfaction guaranteed In every
case or your money refunded. . List of successful
contestants published in the September Issue. I Our
publication has been established nine years. ' We
refer you to any mercantile agency for our stand-
ing Write to-day. Address J. H. PWMMKR,
Pub., 905 Temple Court, New York City. Men-
i tlon this paper. -
military in cat. The sleeves are small.
White gloves and white patent-leather
boots gave the finishing touches. And
speaking of Au stria reminds me that a
charming Countess living in Vienna gave
last month a "May dinner." Most of our
fair hostesses will be interested in the de
scription, which I quote:
"The table, which was octagon in shape,
was adorned with a veritable profusion of
apple and peach blossoms tastefully dis
posed in low jardinieres of silver filagree
work and knotted here and there with
broad bows of pink and silver ribbon.
Other baskets, also of silver filagree, con
tained pyramids of luscious-looking
strawberries, whicn peeped forth from
among their own glossy, heraldic leaves,
while candelabra of exquisitely chiseled
silver upheld pink candles, the soft light
of which was still more tempered by rose
hued shades of fluffy pinked-out silk
gauze. The dinner service was of pink
Sevres china of almost priceless value;
the crystal was Bohemian and also pink
in hue, and each plate was surfounded by
a slender garland of pint daisies. The
boutonnieres for the men and the corsage
bouquets for the women, deposited beside
each place, were composed of white and
pink heather and were made up in the
shape of diminutive horseshoes."
Marcella.
HEW TO-DAY. _
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥ »
* *
£ Special S aving Sale 3
* ■■ ~T«i *
* IMITATION CUT GLASS, |
* Almost as bright and clear as the germ- ♦
* me, and the patterns just a3 pretty. At JJ
{ these special prices until Wednesday *
'? night: Fruit or Salad Bowls, 25c and
£> 35c; Pitchers, 15c, 20c, 30c and 45c; t£i
it, Berry or Icecream Saucers, 45c and 55 c
* per dozen, and many other" articles <*
* equally cheap. See them in the window. J
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- *
1 & 4*
T A Quarter of a Block Below Shrevs'3. Ju
* WANGENHEIM, STEENHEIM & CO., J.
I 528 and 530 Market St., *
*27 and 29 Sutter St., ♦
»> . BELOW MONTGOMERY • ♦
* . '♦
22 Geary St., Near Kearny. I
j | The times denote the exclusive
1 houses are the successful ones.
I EXCLUSIVELY -&
BLACK
FABRICS.!
Mohair Fancies, the Suit - $3.50 i
Mohair Sicilian Fancies, the |
Snifc • • ... . $5.25 I
Mohair Novelties, the Suit • $7.00 I
| DUST-REPELLAMT MATERIALS I
| Crepon IVouretean ■ $1.25 per Yard Ij
I Crepon houreteaa • $1.50 per lard I
f Purchasers of black should inspect ■
I the magnificent assortment we offer. ti
[ R. T. KENNEDY COMPANY. |
FREDDS CORSET HOUSE.
SPECIAL SALE OF CORSET.*.
300 dozen LADIES' BLACK AND DRAB SA-
TEK.V, . I'KIiFK'TKI ITJXU FBKKCH
MODEL COKBETB, regular price $1 75, will
be closet out at $1.
The Ventilating or Summer Corset, new
in style, perfect in shape. Price from
75c up.
Genuine Jenness Sillier Model Bodice,
Equipoise Waists.
PATENT "(400.-Si-.NBE" COKBET WAISTS,
UENCINE JACKSON, FAVORITE WAIST.
o■** * °J@w/* ■ H \\\V\tlV^ S" B
— BICYCLE CORSETS.—
ur BUSTLES are the Standard of Fashion.
CAUTION — Having no agencies, or branch
stores, our Corsets can be purchased only at oar
establishment. ■ -' ■
. Mail orders receive prompt attention.
Illustrated Catalogue mailed free.
MAKE NO BIISTAKE IN OCR ADDRESS
3VE. FnEUD efts SON,
742-744 narket St. and 10-12 Grant Aye.
r^^^^^^H 313 0 1 1 1 1 k :iA DaiP^rs^^^^M
EMOVES SUPERFLUOUS HAIR BY ELEO
XV tricity at |1 a sitting; first sitting free: no
scars left; moles, warts, e'e, also removed.
2930
THE SAN FRANCISCO STAGE
1 " ' c
It was not John Drew's fault that h
had homeopathic-sized audiences at the
Baldwin Theater last week. His play was
smoother and more finished than -'The
Gray Mare" at the California, and his sup
port* on the female side was more efficient
than Herbert Kelcey's. But even with
charmine Maud Adams thrown into the
Baldwin balance, "The Squire of Dames"
could not reasonably be expected to
br'ng $1 50 on the same Rialto that was
selling "The Gray Mare" for 75 cents.
W ith good, smooth acting going so cheap
at the California, nothing could have filled
the Baldwin short of a startling foreign
star with a big name and a brand-new
method.
"The Gray Mare" is a racy comedy, with
one defect— the whole thing hinges on the
improbable fact of a sedate man who never
rode in his life suddenly declaring that he
has ta&en a mad scamper across country
on a gray mare. A long and amusing
chain of circumstances is based on this
absurd statement. One can imaeine the
authors building the play— it is the fashion j
nowadays to "build" plays— on the princi
pie of "The House That Jack Built"—
This Is the maiden ail forlorn,
Who fled with the man that trampled the corn,
Who rode the mare
To the French count's lair —
And so on down to the fundamental state
ment, "On the ride that John took."
The play demands that John should say
he took a ride when, as a matter of fact,
he was soberly attending to His duties as a J
medical practitioner and bis nephew was
scouring the country on a gray mare, ab
ducting maidens and otherwise, stirring
up enough trouble to last his uncle for a
lifetime. As everything hinges on John's
ride the authors have dragged it in by
main force, and to dc them justice they
had to work hard to" do it. Most of the
first act is devoted to tallcily giving John
a motive for telling a lie. Once the deed !
is done and John has shaken off all affinity •
with George Washington the fun becomes j
fast, and furious. In fact, at the outset |
one wishes "The Gray Mare" had never
been written, and at the end one could
have enjoyed another act of it.
As "John," Herbert Kelcey had a part
which suited him to perfection. There j
was something positively delightful about j
his pedantry and his despair. "Serve you ,
right," was what you wanted to say to
him for being such a prig, but his suffer
ings were so real that if you had an ounce
of pity in your composition you could not
help being sorry for John.
Almost a panic has been aroused on the j
New York Rialto by the news that j
Abbey's Theater has been leased to Al I
Hayman, and that the Western man has
already announced his intention of
settine the pace during the season of
1896-97. In most quarters this announce- j
meat is "viewed with alarm," for predic- :
tions are rife that there will soon be a j
complete chain of Hayman theaters, ex- |
tending from San Francisco to New York |
and Boston, and that the Hayman-Froh
man "octopus," owning all the best
houses, will be abie to control the lead
ing attractions, and set the prices for
every star in the country. This is the
view expressed by a number of actors' and
managers, though it may be inspired by 1
"envy, hatred, malice and all uncharitable- j
ness." The New York Press sums up the
situation from the theatergoer's stand
point:
"Notwithstanding our esteem for the
shrewdness of Frohman and Hayman, the
change of management at Abbey's is to"\)e
watched with concern. This theater has
long been the scene of the most distin
guished performances of modern dramatic
art. Under new management, for without
doubt Charles Frohman will have a word
in shaping its policy, the house will prob
ably be even more prosperous in the future
than it was in the past. But box office re
ceipts do not always chronicle distin
guished achievements on the stage, and Mr.
Hayman's pain may be the city's loss. If. \
as is more than likely, the house is to be
conducted in accordance with the system
that rules the other Frohman-Hayman
thf aters, an exact platform of art has been
demolished in the removal of Abbey's
name from the portal of the playhouse. I
Here we became acquainted with Coque
lin, Rejane, Mounet-Sully, Beerbohm
Tree and John Hare; here we studied the
genius of Bernhardt ana the consummate !
skill of Irvine. In present indications it I
is improbable that these distinguished j
actors will return to the stage on which I
they first won the approval of our au- j
diences. Abbey's passion, like that of
Augustin Daly, is for fine art. Mr. Hay- j
man, like Mr. Frohman, is first of all a j
business man. The new policy of this
(beater is one of the most important and
interesting speculations of next season."
And while the New York papers are
exhausting adjectives in lauding the Na
poleonic foresight of the Hayman busi- |
ness-office policy, as exemplified at the ;
B&ldwin and California Theaters, our ears !
here are still tingling with the biting things j
Nat Goodwin said about those same two
houses playing against themselves.
They must have a lightning-speed com
poser at Grover's Alcazar, to judge from j
the following note inserted in the pro- j
gramme of the "Cross Roads of Life" :
"Between scenes 1 and 2 of Act 11, j
the orchestra will play the 'Railroad !
Galop,' especially composed for this pro- I
dnction, during the short time necessary'
for the cliange of scene."
A man who can compose a galop "dur
ing the short time necessary for the
cnange of scene," should be heard more
from, particulaly as his galop is really
quite effective.
Manager Friedlander promises to make
things lively in Oakland theatrical circles
now that he has secured the handsome
Macdonough Theater.
California Theater.
"A Bunch of Violetß" will be the bill
for the third week of the Stockweli
season at the California Theater, which
begins to-morrow night. Tne play is by
Bidney Grundy, author of "Sowing the
Wind," etc.
The characters include Sir Philip Mar
chant, a swindling Baronet, who is finally
driven to commit suic:de; his child
Violet and his two wives, from neither of
whom he has been divorced. The role of
Sir Philip was played in the original pro
duction by Beerbohm Tree, and will be in
terpreted in the coming cast by Herbert
Kelcey. It is a strong part, whic will
afford the leading man many opportuni
ties. Several of theother characters are ]
said to be wsll drawn; they will be in the
hands of John T. Suilivan, L. R. Stock
well, William Beach, Effie Shannon, Olive
Oliver, Wmona Shannon, etc.
Frederick Warde and Rose Coghlan
will arrive here during the week to make
preparations for their opening of "Car
men" on July 13.
Baldwin Theater.
For the next four weeks the Baldwin
Theater will be closed for its regular
summer vacation. The season will com
mence on Monday evening, July 27, with
Charles Frohman's company from the
Empire Theater, the opening performance
being Clyde Fitch's "Bohemia," an adapta
tion of '"La Vie de Boheme," which Has
proved very popular in New York. ''Bo
hemia" will be followed by "The Benefit
of the Doubt" and "The Masqueraders."
The Ions; list of plays already booked for
the coming season at the Baldwin in
cludes '"The Gay Parisians,' 1 "The
Prisoner of Zenda," with James Hackett
and Isabelle Irving in the leading roles;
Katheryn Kidder and Augustus Cook in
"Madame Sans Gene," Julia Marlowe
Tabor, "The Brownies," Alexander Sal
vini, etc.
Columbia Theater.
The Frawley Company's offering this
week will be William H. Crane's produc
tion, "His Wife's Father." Th<» play is
by Miss Martha Morton, but she acknowl
edges having taken the leading idea from
a well-known German comedy. It has !
been in Crane's repertory a little over a
year, and during that time has proved one
of the best drawing of his attractions.
As the title implies, the story is one of
too mucb father-in-law. When Buchanan
Billings' daughter marries he cannot re
sign himself to giving her up to a strange
young man, ana consequently insists on
making a third in all the voting people's 1
undertakings till they surreptitiously move i
to a home of their own, in order to enjoy !
some tete-a-tetes. This nearly breaks the
I old gentleman's heart, but in the end
everything is smoothed out, and a fas
j cinating widowconsoles Buchanan Billings
for the loss of his daughter's society.
Grand Opera-House.
With to-day's performances the produc
tion of "A Perilous Voyage" at this house
comes to a close. It is to be followed to
morrow by E. E. Price's comedy-drama,
"One of the Bravest," the leading role in
which will be taken by Emmet Sberklan.
j This young actor comes from the East
j with exce'lent credentials as to his ability
as a comedian and singer.
"One of the Bravest" deals with modern
life ir New York, the Fire Department of
that city forming its principal feature.
There are a few sensational incidents,
such, for instance, as a burning tenement,
with. jumping nets, scaling ladders, and
other paraphernalia of life-saving are used.
The comedy element will be made much
of by Gilbert <fr Goldie and the favorite
soubrette, Josephine Gassman, all of whom
have been especially engaged for this pro
duction.
Tivoli Opera- House.
The operatic spectacle, "A Trip to tne
Moon," will continue to be the attraction
at the Tivoli until further notice.
Friday evening, July 3, will be the
eighteenth anniversary of the opening of
the house, and a special feature of the oc
casion will be the distribution of souve
nirs containing pictures of the artists and
a record of all the leading performances
I given under the Kreling regime.
After the run of "A Trip to the Moon"
the grand-opera season will open under
the direction of Gustav Hinricns and his
Eastern company, which includes: Mine.
i Louise Natalie, Mile. Nina Bertini Humph
! revs, Mile. Anna Russell, Sig. Fernando
Michaelena, Sig. Maurice de Vries, Sig.
j Abramhoff, Sig. Virisarri and Richard
i Karl. In addition to this company there
will be Mile. Marie MilJard, Mile". Clare
Prince, John J. Raffael, Martin Pache and
; W. H. Tooker, together with an enlarged
j orchestra and augmented chorus. The
; first two operas on the list are Gounod's
"Romeo and Juliet" and Verdi's "Rigo
letto."
The Orpheum.
The new bill at the Orpheum this week
includes the return appearance of the
! Rossow Brothers, those midgets who made
I such a hit when seen recently at the Or
! pheum with the Hopkins show. Their
engagement this time is for a short stay
only.
The marimba players from Guatemala,
after an interesting and varied experi-
I ence in this country, have now, through
j the assistance of the Sheriff and Gustav
I Walter, secured possession of their instru
j ments, and are positively announced to
j appear. The marimba is constructed on
j the principle of the xylophone, but the
I volume of sound is greatly increased by
the addition of pipes. The players will
I appear in native costume.
The Fredericks troupe will come direct
from the Empire Theater, London. They
style themselves "the oetnon athletes."
The four Maisonos are musical eccen
triques who will also appear. Watson and
Dupre will give a comedy sketch, and a
numb -r of last week's performers will be
retained.
Grov«r's Alcazar.
The triple star cast will continue at the
Alcazar in "The Crossroads of Life" for
Fourth of July week.
Tom Sharkey, the sailor lad, and Danny
Needham, the record-maker, will spar four
rounds at to-day's matinee and to-night.
COQCKLIN'S DREAM.
Ho Hopes to . ntlrely Kcllpue the
Comedle Franchise.
Constant Coquelin is not only trying,
bnt actually hopes to succeed in inducing
the French Minister of Fine Arts to estab
lish for him (Coquelin) a new theater on
the lines of the Ccmeiiie Francaise — a rival
Government house to play against the one
already existing.
"Imagine," says Le Temps, "'an aspir
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, *JIINE 28 ? 1896.
ing clerk, who goes to a grocer's to learn
the tricks of the trade, and wnen he knows
grocering by heart solicits the honor of
becoming his master's partner, gets his
customers, and when he is sure of himself,
sets up a rival store across the street.
"That is the history of Coquelin. The
grocery business is one trade, dramatic art
is another, but the principle is the same.
'•'Ah! That Comedie Francaise,' cries
Coquelin. 'Don't talk to me about it. I
was crushed there; I had no good parts.'
''Indeed be had no good parts. And
yet the very parts he has been playing at
the Porte Saint-Martin were the parts he
played at the Comedie Francaise. There!
there! He wanted to make more money;
that was all. He must not be surprised
that the Comedie Francaise bears him a
grudge for the injustice he has been doing
it. The question is a commercial one, ana
he ought to find it natural that people
judge him according to the rules of com
merce."
COST OF DRESS.
Miss Shannon Explains What It Means
to an Actress.
Miss Effie Shannon says the education
of the actress in matters of dress is quite
as necessary as the education in her
dramatic art. There are many young
actresses who have taste enough to com
bine with a low-priced dressmaker and
with her help array themselves in more or
less dainty confections for the stage at mod
erate figures. But she pities the woman
lacking in taste whose purse is slender.
A well-dressed actress must have money
or taste. The perfection of dress is brought
about only by the combination of both.
The price of gown? made by first-class
couturiers in Fiance, England or America
is about the same. The prices will begin
say at $50 for dainty ingenue dresses of
simple, inexpensive material, but prettily
I cut, and run from $70, to $100 or $125 for
tailor-made or calling costumes, $i 25 to
I $150 for pretty ball sown?, and $150 to $-00
i for more elaborate ball gowns or recep
tion dresses, etc.; beyond this for hand
some court costumes. The price reaches
up to near the thousands if handsome and
expensive trimmings and laces are used.
Dramatic Brevities.
Leonard Grover is having a play prepared
for Tom Sharkey to star in.
"The Masqueraders'' will be sent out to
the coast for the first tour in August.
"Madame" will be the closing produc
tion of the stock season at the California
Theater.
Corinne and her burlesque company are
among the early fall attractions booked
for the Columbia Theater.
Charles Frohman has Murray Carson
and Louis N. Parker, the authors of
"Gudgeons," at work on a play for the
Empire Theater Company.
Another great New York Lyceum The
ater success will follow "His Wife's
Father" at the Columbia Theater. It is
"The Wife," also written by De Mille &
Belasco.
The marriage of Miss Josephine Jeffer
son, granddaughter of the actor, is set
down for to-morrow. Charles J. Rolfe,
the young Boston lawyer, is to wed this
' handsome eldest daughter of Charles B.
I Jefferson.
COOKIES FOR THE FOURTH
Long List of Luscious Contribu
tions Promised by Mer
chants.
The Mills Building Has Eecome
Veritab.e Hive of Patriotic
Preparation.
The rooms of the Fourth of July Com
mittee, in the Mills building, are a hive of
patriotism.
Two floats have already been selected
for the parade. One will carry the God
dess of Liberty, and children, each of
whom will represent a State of the Union.
The other float promises to be very beauti
ful and entirely novel, the subject repre
sented to be the "Surrender of Cornwallis."
On either side of the general will stand
officers representing the different armi6s.
The float will be escorted by lines of Con
tinental Guards.
The decoration committee have decided
to make the illumination particularly fine
on the corners of Market street. Huge
lanterns, eight feet in size, for electric
lights, will be hung at these places.
One of tne most charming features of
the literary programme at the Auditorium
on the Fourth of July, will be the singing
of the "Star-spangled Banner" by twenty
ladies. The musical director, J. \V. Mc-
Kenzie, is hard at work drilling his large
chorus, and desires to announce to the
members of the chorus that there will be
two more rehearsals. The first rehearsal
will be at his house. 524 Eddy street, Tues
day evening, at 8 p. m. The second and
final one will take place at the Audito
rium, corner Eddy and Jones streets, on
Thursday evening, at 8 o'clock.
The invitation and reception committee
have received the following contributions:
Baldwin Hotel, 200 cookies, 500 sandwiches;
California Hotel, 500 sandwiches; Occidental
Hotel, 500 sandwiches; New Creamerie, 200
doughnuts; Original Creamerie, 250 dough
nuts; Zinkand, 1 ham, 1 roast, etc.; William
duff & Co., 1 box raisins; Emporium Cafe,
candies and cookies; Snreiber, 10 pounds
of cft:idy; Lick House, box of eatables;
Eu?s House, 200 sandwiches; Poodle Dog, 300
sandwiches; Roberts, 10 pounds candy; 3par>
rowe, 10 pounds candy; Grueuhagen, 10
pounds candy; Page it Talbot. eatables; Town
send's, 25 pounds candy; Golden West, 200
sandwiches; La Estrella Parlor, N. D. G. \V.,
cake; Buena Vista Parlor, N. D. G. W., cake;
Levin Brothers, 1 liam; Haas, box. of candy ;
Quade, groceries; California Cafe, bread and
cake.
LAST FOMENTS
OF ERNEST ROSSI.
A profound impression of regret was
created in Italy by the announcement that
Ernest Rossi, the great actor, returning
from a triumphal tour of Russia, had sud
denly to stop at Pescara, struck down with
a terrible malady.
The regret is not to be wondered at; he
has not only been one of the brightest
lights of the stage, but, in his case, genius
was accompanied by goodness and ami
ability.
He had been several times before to
Russia, indeed he was the idol of the Rus
sian public, which has always shown a
fondness for Italian artiscs. This year,
however, Rossi went for the first time in
the severest rigor of winter. Although
nearly 70 years old the Italian actor had
preserved an almost youthful vigor, and
the cruelty of the Russian cold did not
rob him of any of his usual flourishing
health.
One evening, three months ago, he had
acted Othello at the Hermitage Theater,
Moscow. He expected to return home in
his comfortable closed carriage, but the
coachman had been drinking, and did not
put in an appearance. After waiting some
time, Rossi decided to return in adroshky,
a little open hired carriage, which let in
the heavily falling snow. He was heated
and excited after the performance, and the
next day fell sick of influenza (grippe).
According to the Russian doctors, this
was the original cause of nis malady.
For twelve hours he kept his bed; then
he insisted on continuing the perform
ances, for which he had been paid in ad
vance. No one could persuade him from
doing so. "I must," he said to his actors,
"keep my contract."
For his jubilee, which celebrated fifty
years of dramatic arf, he acted in the
Aquarium at St. Petersburg "The Miser,"
by Pushkin, and an act of "Hamlet." The
public showered honors and rich gifts on
him, but in the midst of the applause and
♦he ovations he was noticed to totter, and
when he left his dressing-room after the
performance every one in the troupe no
ticed the pallor of the great artist.
The Russian doctors went on counseling
repose. He replied according to his in
domitable temperament, "No, I want to
end like a soldier in the trenches; I will
act to my last day."
Whenever he appeared the theaters
were crowded with the elite of the Russian
public. From St. Petersburg he traveled
to Ka rkov, then to Rostow and Taganrog,
aud everywhere anxious eyes watched
him growing more frail. His troupe loved
him, adored him in fact, as a father and a
master, and he was always encircled by
their loving care.
One evening at Odessa, while he was re
citing the part of King Lear, he stumbled
and fell against the young actress who
was playing Cordelia, and could not raise
himself. He was carried to his dressing
room, where the doctor who visited him
declared him to be afflicted with angina
pectoris. His troupe united with the phy
sicians in begging him to take repose, but
in vain. Two days after, he acted the
leading role in Tolstoi's "Ivan."
Rossi appeared again at Kiev and then
j returned to Odessa for his farewell per
formance. The public there adored him,
, and it is speaking literally to say that on
I the last appearance they suffocated him
i with flowers. During the whole perform
ance a doctor was in attendance in the
great nctor's dressing-room.
On May 4 Rossi embarked at Odessa on
the Austria Lloyd steamship Pandora.
On board he became gay again, and sang,
for he was an enthusiastic musician, and
those who have once heard him sing have
never forgot;en his voice. At Constanti
nople, where he had before been received
by the Sultan and had given two perform
ances before the Odalisques in the harem,
he went on shore lor four days, embarking
again at the end of that time and going
by the Pandora to Brindisi. There the
doctors advised him to stay, but he per
sisted in his intention to take the omnibus
train for Florence. Toward 2 o'clock in the
morning he started from his berth, exclaim
ing "I am dying, dying," and to the actors
} and servants who rushed to his as
sistance he complained of acute pains in
his chest, which were aggravated by the
motion of the cars. The bell was rnng
for the conductor and he was begged to
stop the train immediately, but expostu
lated that it would be impossible to de
-1 scene! from the cars by the wayside in the
! middle of the night. At Pescara the train
j stopped and Rossi was carried to the wait-
I ing-room, where he was visited by the
j nearest doctor, who pronounced him to be
in grave danger. Telegrams were dis
patched for his family and for the best
medical advice, and he was given every
comfort in a hotel which adjoined the sta
tion.
Rossi himself was not moved by his
sufferings. His one regret seemed to be
that he had not died at Odessa when he j
fainted in the role of King Lear. "It was
my dream to die in harness, on the stage,"
he said. For over a week he lingered on,
and then the end came quietly when he
was surrounded by his laniily. He was
buried on the 6th inst. in Florence, where
his admiring fellow-citizens gave him a
magnificent public funeral, at which were
present representatives of the Ministry of
Public Instruction, all the principal
officials of the city .and the province of
Tuscany, as well as the principal fraternal
and other societies.
Rossi was one of the great actors of the
ceutury. He had played in many coun
tries, always with success, and to young
and struggling actors and actresses he was
at once a master and a friend. Elenora
Duse and many others testify to what they
owe to him. He leaves a fortune of about
two million francs to his wife and daugh
ter. — From the Italian.
TO-DAY' BALL GAMES.
Pugilists Corb«tt and Sharkey Will Be
Counter- .'. ttractions.
There will be baseball galore in this City
to-day. The California Baseball League
opens its season at the new grounds. Six
teenth and Folsom straets, and the fourth
game of the Cily League championship
series will be played at Iresidio athletic
p;;rk. At the former place Pugilist Thom
as Sharkey will appear as umpire and at
the latter Champion James J. Corbett will
play first base for the Pacifies.
In addition to the usual number of lov
ers of the National game there will, of
course, be present at the two places a
large following of admirers of the respect
ive "pugs."
•—• — ♦ — • ■
Park Music To-l>ay.
The programme for to-days concert in
Golden Gate Park is as follows:
March. "Xl t'apltnn" Sousa
Over ure. '■Rom»«lique" Keler Bela
"A Voyage in a Troopship" O. Miller
f Description— "Xi uvm,' Portsmouth," "The sol
dier's Tear," "Bosun's Call," "All Hands Up An
chor," "Cupstan Chorus" (vorai). "Then Fare
TnoeWell. Fair Portsmouth Town," "The Anchor
Weighed," '-A Wet Sheet and a Flowing Sea,"
"The Bay of Biscay," "tstorm," '-Prayer in the
Storm," '-Fair Weather," '—anta Lutfa," -We'll
h'ant and We'll Hoar Like True British Shilors,"
"'lorn Bowling," -I hn While iSqutll." "Saturday
Night In the Fo'cs.\e," "Hornpipes and Fifes,"
"Uule Britannia." I
"A Dervish Chorus" (an Oriental scene) Lebek
"Potpourri of Student hours'' Moshr
Overture, •'Alfonso and Kstrella" Sch'.mert
"Influmatus from istabat Mater" Kossinl
"I'iiust Fantasia" fJounod
V>aitz, "Jolly Girls" Volstedt
Match, "Tue Hose Carnival" Tilton
Catholic Union Officer*.
Leo Assembly No. 4, Young Men's Catholic '
Union, has elected the following officers for
ensuing term: President. P. J. McCormick;
first vice-president, Tnomas McGuire; second 1
vice-president, J. A. Foley; recording secre
tary, J. J. Sheehan; financial secretary, D. F.
Ahearn; treasurer, J. J. Mclnerney. Trustees
— T. M. Leuihan, M. J. Kehoe, J. E. O'Connell,
P. Brennan, M. Kennealey, M. J. Hessian and
M. Callan. Delegates to the Ninth Grand As
sembly to convene in this City August 3, 1896 :
P. Braze), O. Morgan, J. C. Murphy, J. Ryan
and J. Cullen.
OLYMPICS' ROAD RACE.
Entries and Handicaps for Their Five-
Mile Event To-Day.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen will hold
a five-mile handicap road race to-day from
San Mateo to San Carlos. The race will
start at noon, and the entries and handi
caps are as follows: H. P. Taylor Jr. and
Charles H. Jordan. 2:30; A. L. Mueller
and Nich Buja, 2:15; A. Celliar and R.
Bowman, 2:00; J. A. Code Jr., H. H. Cos
griff and F. J. Cormack, 1:30; H. D. Ha
denfeldt, J. F. Cunningham, M. L. Espi
nosa and H. C. Ramsay, 1:15; L. H.
Smith, E. P. Slosson, C. F. Lemmon aad
W. H. Haley, :45; G. E. Kroetz and F. G.
Stanley, :30j J. E. Wing, G. P. Fuller,
George Tantau, Ed Chapman and W. J.
Christ, scratch.
Captain Fawcett has called a run of the
club to witness the race, leaving the club
house at 8:30. The racers will go down on
the 10:52 train from Valencia-street sta
tion. After the race the club will ride to
Redwood City for lunch.
The Bay City Wheelmen will have a ten
mile road race to-day over the San Lean
dro triangle, starting at 10 o'clock, and the
San Francisco Road Club a five-mile event
from San Leandro to Hay wards, starting
at 2 p. m.
The California Cycling Club held its an
nual banquet last evening at a downtown
rotisserie, which was attended by a large
majority of the members. After the re
past music, speeches and other entertain
ment was the order, and it was a late hour
when the party dispersed.
Sena rated the Katzes.
Judge Troutt yesterday granted Lillian Katz
a divorce irom Gustave Katz because of the
latter's extreme cruelty. His Honor also
awarded the plaintiS the household goods in
the former home of the pair at 1516 Leaven
worth street and $1250 in money— halt of the
community property.
A Church Mortgage.
Bt. John's Presbyterian Church has peti
tioned the Superior Court for permission to
mortgage its property at California and Steiner
streets to raise $16,000 with which to meet
the floating indebtedness of the church.
NEW TO-DAY.
A REMARKABLE VOYAGE.
Mr. John Jacob Astor's former mate,
Captain Charlsen, an old "sea dog,"
sailed Sunday, June 21, from the
Battery, New York, for various Euro-
pean ports in his twenty-foot open
sailboat, the " Sozodont." Hi* brother
accompanies him. The voyage will be
made by the northern passage to re-
turn next year. The first serious at-
tempt to cross the Atlantic both ways
in a small boat. Will it be Successful ?
Captain Frank Charlsen, f ormerly an officer
on Mr. John Jacob Astor's yacht, and his
brother have built a fine little vessel es-
pecially for this voyage. She is 20 feet long
over all, 6 feet 8 inches beam and 26 inches
draft; is sloop-rigged, with jib mainsail and
small flying jib. By an ingenious contrivance
the mast is ready to house instantly in case of
emergency. She has been christened the
"Sozodont," in honor of . the well-known
dentriflce of that name, and will carry pack-
ages of Sozodont and advertising matter for
special use in England. No American product
has ever before been sent over in such a bout.
The "Sozodont" will proceed by the North
crn Passage to Queenstown, and thence io the
following, among other, ports in Europe: Isle
of Wight, Southampton. London, Hamburg,
Bremen, Berlin;- Antwerp, Copenhagen, Stock-
holm, Christiania, Bergen; returning, to Huil,
to Leith, by canal to Edinburgh, thence to
Glasgow, Liverpool, Newport (Wales), Cork,
Belfast, Londonderry, and thence to New York,
arriving in the summer of 1897.
The boat will lie at the Battery from Friday |
noon to Sunday afternoon, June 21, when the
start for Europe will bo made, probably. be-
tween 3 and 4 o'clock. Visitors will be allowed.
No Admission is to bo charged.
No other ocean voyagers have attempted to
do what these men will undertake. Theirs
will be the first small boat to cross the Atlan-
tic both ways. About ten years ago "Ked,
White and Blue," a bark-rigeed cabin-boat,
sailed from New York to Liverpool. Later
the following accomplished the voyage one
way:
Captain Andrews, from Atlantic City to Spain
in the "Sa polio," a cabin-boat; Captain Fritz.
a Russian Finn, from New York to England in
the "Nina," a forty-two-foot schooner-rigged
cabin-boat; Captain Anderson, from. Norway
to Chicago (World's Fiir), in the "Viking"
(seventy-eight feet long), a reproduction of the I
original Norse bout ot that name. It will also
be recalled that Captain Webb went across one
way in "The Dark Secret," a deckboat.
•••••••••••••
SVITAL!TYinMF.N§
S dOfcHistoriiilt
xSEP "vff^i^Tf & Failing Sexual^*'
• ; ->9: **» Strength in Old or£k
Young Men can be^^
®5*- -CwSieJSSkr*^"** QCICKLY and feuma-a I
■B • i' 7y/sip* >jf nently cured by moe»
Viu' -Sofas' %.^ 1 to a healthy, vigorous 3E
•fliP Z ' lty • l
• its** l''V7 Weakness fa ;
V|P\ffiVoCT Varicocele
Got l/';K''"W and all wasting diseases, Hll
' V*T%\p f to 0 "' 1 * wr "* to me or » dTl ""-2
A I hnve been a close r- v JM^*^,^4 EJ^J
©student for many years L > V*v«gS&2ta3S* c '<■>. w£
oftheHubjectof woak- Pi*Tsv4i*%^s- ~ i>\ fcSl
necs in men, the fact S£~3if'>*^?V^2' > ' *2Sr
waausutlerermy- "#^Vj_- {£*- ySJP? 'dSS
■hkcK. Too bashful to sTO&'/>''<l?S^ *£**
2?*'- o'*0 '* tho nid of elder * //l/t^//%H'/w\ 4»v
fiSatncn or reputable nhy- . fM.z(%l2fiT//3?ili\ *$h
, Wsioians. I iuvmtigatcd 'MMffif/llfflMX-^G*
•tha subject deeply and (>m WWilAtn/mff JUm rfESS
discovered a simple W^liP^^W/J W
most remnrkably Ift^B'/^- OXul/r-, '■■ ggs.
■Bsucceoeful Remedy vSI i^>»<7////>Tr-v ****
that completely cured %inmJ^UM(i»^: IB
nr. fully enlarged mo TtfiZvx////'r\ / f''/' MR
\§&tf rom a shrunken, stunted amW^yZvfrW/a '*»'
©condition to natural size V n jm&s{\\\ ■ ££*,
and strength. Iwuntovery [ y \\ /I Hi
— vouneproldman to know f/a \'<A jSSi
fl^nbout it. I take a personal \m \\ fat
l^interesfc in snehenses, and ' V ,l [if
®no one need hesitate tp-r" £J ••'■•-'Aw ■ /Rs
write me, as allcommuni- ■v**' j» Wgj/
cations are held . strictly - - *'.-:? .»jk
con ial. , I send the recipe of this rsm.edy£||3 i
absolutely free of cost. Do not put it off, hntw I
jfi&write me fully at once, you will always bless^ta :
Sj^the day you did so. Address, ' ; : • . x&f i
A THOMAS SLATER, Boor 2283 .*& |
jfiff Shipper of famous Kaluiuaioo Celery, KaUmaioo, Slcb.^^
o H I /■
The most certain and safe Fain Remedy. Instantly
relieves and soon cures all Colds, '• Hoarseness, Sora
Throat, Bronchitis, : Congestions and Inflamma- 1
1 tions. 60c per bottle, Sold by Druggists -
NEW TO-DAT-AM^EMENTS. _,_^-~.. —
San Francisco's Great 3Mi*»io Ball.
O'Farrell Street, bet. Stockton and Powell. _
GUSTAV WALTER, Director General Orpheum Circuit.
Coxuxnenoiiig Monday, jXixw.© 29, 1888.
18 GREAT A^Tn E b R R F iHkN E^CIO. N LLE STARS 18
im^rl^a^ FRPnPßir^^ TROUPE
TT^rvelons- rnLlJClilb^O «MV
6 Demon Athletes— IN NUMBER— Demon Athletes 6 '
FOUR MAISANOSfIir
RETURN ENGAGEMENT OF THE FAMOUS
ROSSOW MIDGETS!
WATSON and DUPRE,
America's Greatest French Comedy Duo. .
2S MARIMBA VIRTUOSI
LAST WEEK of the Wonderful VITASCOPE— tow Pictures.
BILLY VAN, STEWART SISTERS,
LI LLIE WESTERN,
Greatest Living Instrumen talist.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), JUNE 28.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c; Children, 10c, any part.
ritICDLAnOtR.GOTTU)D« O>- LtiiMAnonAfiA«M»--
&&SWO THEN COMES "A GEM" COMEDY
'I«^L HiS WIFE'S FATHER
A CONTINUOUS ROUND OF LAUGHTER.
JPSI i^OTW/A. A WHOLE YEAR'S RUN IN NEW YOHK.
itW^^^B^' THE - FBAWLEY - COMPANY
\\lB\\\\)H / I Jmy^y^^^C^!^* San Francis Own Home Organization.
WWUfIS/ I MjM£%?2%%^- - j BY SPECIAL' KEQUEST, .'
\ vM HI IM%y%o&2£r^ Repetition of the Delightful -Curtain- Raiser,"
j\\\\!/f%@^?^^ ".a.- SILENT SYSTEM."
HE MR. FRANK WORTHING
■ fir m 5HE.......M.1^S JMAXXN^K K IjK TO f"V
'f ' Always New Scenery and Klegant Costumes.
#AI IFABNlfl^i^r HIS EfKIIW— LAST PERFORMANCE
THEATRE » PROPS 4< THE GREY MARE"
L. R. STOCKWfcLL'S | BEGINNING TO-MORROW (MONDAY),
COMPANY OF ONE WEEK ONLY.
PLAYERS SOMETHING NEW FIRST TIME HERE
The Great New York and London Success,
INCLUDING A ■ tTTTVTf^TT
MR. HERBERT KELCEY, JCT2L. M » «—/ -i.^%l Jfc-Jfc-
MISS EFFIE SHANNON O^*
AND THE VIOLETS
STAR OAST. | By Sydney Grundy, Author of "Sowing the Wind."
bvSSng 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c.
v MATINEE — 3 5o and. 500.
ISTErXIT — — "A3VIEH.ICANS ABROAD."
k N p E 1 E A p A o R R A A T ii N - "CARMEN" KS^ s Fg^iR < t^^A A R N dE
PRESENTATION OF v/i.nmi^n and L. R. Stockweli's Co.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOROSCO • Solo Lessee and Managse
COMMENCING (TO-MORROW) MONDAY EVENING, JUNE 29,
THE DISTINGUISHED COMEDIAN AND SWEET SINGER
EMMETT SHERIDAN
/ IN THE ROLLICKING COMKDT DRAMA
"ONE OF THE BRAVEST/
SPECIAL ENGAGEMENT OF THE EVER POPULAR FUN-MAKERS (
GILBERT AND OOT-iDIE,
In their Latest Songs and Specialties, and of the Favorite Soubrette
JOSEPHINE Q ASSM AN.
NO ADVANCE IN OUR POPULAR PRICES.
TRO BATH
VENETIAN WATER CARNIVAL JSg*
BEAUTIFUL ELECTRIC ILLUMINATION AT NIGHT.
This Will Surpass All Others Ever I nHM'T IX/lIQC ITT
Given on the Pacific Coast. • I UV^IN 1 IVIIOO 111
■A?s^- • A I TA7AD
MATINEE TO-DAY- 10c, 15c, 35c.
TOM SHARKEY!
And DANNY NEEDHAM, 4-round Glove Contest.
'■THE CRO>S ROADS OF LIFE!"
Grand Spectacular Production
i 8 Stars— COLLIER. AMY LEE, DOANE.
BHAKKEY AND NEEDHAM Matinee and
.Night.
NO Increase in Prices— loc, 15c, 25c, 35c and 50c.
PARK THEATER.
Grove Street, between Polk and Van Ness Avenue.
\VM. K. JOHNS Lessee and Manas^r.
This (Mindav) evening, June 28. last perform- j
ance of DA-N .MCCARTHY, in "THE CRUIS-
KEKX LAWN." To-morrow (Monday). June 29, !
grand production of "THE RAMBLER FROM
CLARE," by DAN MCCARTHY and the Park
Theater ; Stock Company. Popular prices— .Re-
served seats 15c and '25c; gallery 10c.
THE CHUTES.
Open To-Day From 10 A. M. to 11 P. M.
PERILOUS PARACHUTE JUMP.
t-A-T 4:30 •
MISS ESSIE VIOL*,
,pf The World's Greatest Lady
' Aeronaut.
Look Out for the Fourth of July !
Admission— Adults, 10c; Children (including Mer-
ry-go-round Ride), sc. ;,'"
Jiitw gatfe.
[ OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P. M.
I Special Attractions This Afternoon and Evening.
I THE FLYING METEORS!
: They have performed the entlie world over and '
• - *;=-■ have no equal.
PROF. E. C. WILBEK rides a bicycle on a tight-
■ rope 50 teet above the water.
B. B. CORNELL • of the &. K. swimming Club in
- his Marvelous Drowning Act.
WATER POLO GAME!
; RAW FRANCISCO VS. OAKLAND.
| Admission— lOc; Children, sc.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mas. Jt.uxKti l- in e Kbklins, Proprietor & .\laaa£as
-A. GOOD THIKTG
THE BRILLIANT SCENIC PRODUCTION"
Of the Operatic Spectacle,
"A TRIP TO THE MOON"
FILLED WITH •
'"THUGS THAT (AHOT BE EXPLAISED"
EVERY EVENING.
A TREAT FOR YOU KG AND OLD.
Popular Prices— and sOc.
BLAIR PARK (OAKLAND),
Grand Balloon Ascension & Parachute Jump
PIiOFKSSOR KOBKRT EARLSTOX.
Sunday. June — The Banner Bill of the Season.
(Billy) GILBERT & GOLDIK (Walter)
"TWO TRAMPS FROM AMI HICA."
The Bis: Acme Four
TOOHIG, STi OMAN, COOK, Mc.v'ALLY,
In their latest Acrobatic Keats.
Grand Concert by the Fifthlnf«iitry Band
Take Piedmont Cars. Admission Free! Free 1
SPECIAL TO MONTEREY.
Friday, July 3. Young Men's Christian
Association's Annual Excursion to
Hotel del Monte. Monterey
. and Pacific Grove.
Leave Third and Townsend-st. station 7 a. it
sharp: Va'enciast. at 7:10 a. M. Number of tickets
positively limited. The -Teat advantage of this
train is getting down in the early cool of the morn-
ins and fcOlngwith a select party. Tickets sold
only at the V. M. C. A. office. Ma on and El. is sts.
Secure them at once. Children under 12 years half
fare. Special train will return same day, leaving
Pacific Grove at 4:25 p. M., but all tickets will be
good for seven days, up to and including Thursday,
July 9. 1 Cheapest rate ever offered. Will give ail
the opportunity of witnessing the grandest cele-
bration ever known in California.
i.----,'-'-"" .-, ■• -■ - . ..■':■
OPENING OF THE GRAND CIRCUIT
TKOTTISu-HORSE BREED: RS' ASSX
RACES^JIgj^ RACES!
X3XT GLESIDB.
' June 27, 30 July 1, 2, 3, 4, 1896.
-.. Great races every day. Best horses on the Coast
ssr^Jss&ftii sea* m >* io ™™THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SCBIMAR* OF THE MARKETS. •
Bank Clearings lose 18.16 ;.
Coffee dull.
Silver lower.
Shipment of $3ai74 to China.
Wheat steadily declin ng.
Barley, Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay very weak.
Bv»nns neglected.
otatoes and On;ons unchanged.
Butter. Cheese and Eggs weak.
••: ables ncout tbe same.
Poultry nominal.
Aprlccts in large supply.
Peaches firm.
Heavy receipts of Berries.
Nothing new In Dried Fruits,
oranges steadily getting scarcer.
Provision trade very good.
Hides unchanged.
TREASURE SHIPMEXT.
The Cit ••• of Rio de Janeiro took out a treasure
list of $38,174. conßlstin« of $) 1.034 In Mexican
Dollars, if 140 In Gold Coin and $27,000 in Silver
Bullion.
BANK CLEARINGS.
local bank dearinr* last week were $ 9.985,947,
•gainst f 12.202,366 for the same week in 1895
a loss of 18.1 6.V
Explanation.
Th» arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
«ays; those underneath it, if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and huudredths,
anting the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
liaes, connect points of equal air pressure- iao
ir*£ m A l o^. dotled lines ' equa * temperature. The
word "hich" means high barometric pressure and
usually accompanied by fair weather- "low" i
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accompanied by c:omly weather and rains. ;
~r° WS l sually first a '' !> " r on the Washington
coast. When the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along the coast, rain is probable:
but when the "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
curvature, rain south of Oregon Is improb- i
able. With a "high" in the vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weather may be expected in summer and colder
ther in winter. The reverse of theseconditions
will produce an Opposite result
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
United States Depabtmejit or AGBicuir
TfKK, Weatheb Bureau, San Fbakcisgo, June
27, 1896, sr.Jt Weather conditions and general
forecast*
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka 56, Red Bluff 92. San Francisco 58
Fresno 98, San Luis Oblspo 76, Los Angeles 76
Ban Diego 72, Yuma 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 58,
minimum 51. mean 54.
A moderate barometric depression Is central this
evening in Oregon, whlcn Is causing cloudy
weather along the coast from California north
ward to Puget Sound and into the interior ai far
east as Idaho, Light rain has fallen at Winne
mucca during the day. Considerably cooler weather
is reported to-nifcht from Northern California, ex
cept along tie immediate coast. The norther
which has prevailed almost continually for the
past three weeks has practically ended. Normal
temperatures are expected throughout California
Sunday.
Forecast msde at Ssn Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight Sunday, June 28. 1896:
Northern California— Fair, except partly cloudy
in northern portion and probaoly sprinkles of rain
on the extreme northern coast Sunday; cooler in
the interior Sunday; fresh southwesterly winds.
southern California— Fair Snuday; fresh west
erly winds.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and — Partly cloudy Sun
day morning, followed by generally fair during
the day; brisk westerly winds.
AY. H. Hammox, Forecast Official.
SEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.— Liquidations
were the order of the day at the Stock Exchange,
and the lowest figures of the week were made in a
number of instances. At the opening the market
was inclined to firmness because of higher cables
from London, but the improvement was unimpor
tant. The firmness was short-lived, and before
the expiration of the first half hour of business
the entire list was on the down grade. The lack of
demand from outside sources was quite pro
nounced, and the dealings tor foreign account in
significant. This left the market practically in the
bands of the traders, and as this class is bearish
for the moment prices yielded anywhere from %
to 3 per cent Business was more active, sales
aggregating 118,807 shares, a fair total for a half
holiday.
All the prominent issues participated in the
downward movement, but the greatest losses were
made by the industrials, the grangers and the in
ternationals. Sugar fell 2 T H to 118%; Burlington
and Quincy, 2% to 745/ 8 ; .St. Paul, %to 753,4;
Kock Island, 1% to 68%; Northwestern, 1 to
101%: Lonisvllle and Nashville, 134 to 485/ 8~;8 ~;
Manhattan, 114 to 101 Vi; tobacco, 1% to 63;
Tennessee coal, 1% to 22: Leather preferred, 1%
to 57%; common, I to 17: Jersey Central, 134 to
1063/ 8 : and Reading Ito 14*4.
The heaviness of the market and the Increased
disposition to assume the short side of the market
was ascribed to the great strength shown by the
free silver advocates and to the belief that they
will be in absolute control at Chicago.
The dullness of^eneral business and the prevail
ing low figures for cereals were much commented
upon by the bear traders. The grangers were de
pressed by reports that the May statements of the
Burlington and Quincy and St. Paul will make a
poor showing. In the case of Kock Island, mem
bers of tne so-called directors' party were con
spicuous buyers at the decline. In the inacive
issues, Rubber preferred brought forth 73%
against 79 yesterday. Specnlation closed heavy.
Net changes in the prominent issues show losses
of */i@2% per cent. Bonds were lower. The
transactions aggregated $487,000.
Grain.
FLOUR— weak: Winter wheat, low
(Trades, $1 70@2 65: do, fair to fancy, 92 4&@
3 46; do patents. $3 70@3 90: Minnesota clear,
$2 40<3>2 90: do straights, $2 95@3 55; do
patents, $3 25@4 30: low extras. SI 70@2 25;
city mills, 84: do patents, $4 20@4 25; rye mix
ture, $2 40@3 10: superfine, $1 60@2 25; fine,
$1 50@2 Oj. Southern Hour dull, easy: common
to lair extra. $2 10@2 70: good to choice do, $2 70
(a,3. Rye flour quiet, $2 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL— DuII, steady; yellow Western,
f 2 05@2 JO: Brandywine. 82 15.
RYK— Quiet; Western. 39c.
BARLEY— Quoted at 84c f. o. b. afloat. I
BARLEY MALT— DuII: Western, 48@56c.
WHEAT— market dull, steady; Vie lower;
f. a b., 89% c; ungraded red, 60(3>70c; No. 1 North
ern, 64-/gC.
Opium* were dull and weak at i/g@Vic decline
with the West and on local r'-alizing, without special
features. Septemoer and July most active. No. 2
red. June and July. 616/ August, 61»/ic; Bep
tesiMr, 6?*4<>; December, 64c
< 01'..\-:,pot, dull, firm; no. 2, 33S^c elevator;
34 5/8 c "foal.
Options dull and steady at @i/4c decline, follow
ing the West, with only a local trade. July and
Sep ember only traced in. June, 336/fec: July,
33% c: September, 343/ B'-.8 '-.
OATS— Spoi, doll; steady.
Options sieady, dull; July, 20% c; September,
StO%c- .
:-| 01 prices: No. 2. 22r; No. 2 white, 23c:
.\o. 2 Chicago, 223J4C: No. 3, 2lc: No 8 white,
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
WntbLOCK & CO.,
4 Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954 '
BRANCH OFKICE '
623 Market BU, Palace Hotel. Tel. Main 6828
J. S. PI'BDT, Manager. •
Orders instantly executed on latest market quo- •
tations. Reference Ist National Rank, H. F.
CHICAUU fKIVAXJi VfiHU. HiUW YORK, J 1
2214 c: mixed Western. 22@23c; white do
21VJ8@22%c; white state, 21%@26c.
FEED BRAN-50@65c
MIDDLINGS— 60c.
RYE-Feed, 660.
I'rovislons.
F-Kasy: inactive; family. $3 60<§;9 ; extra
mess, $6@7. Beef hams weak, dull, $14 50®15.
Tierced beef slow; steady; city extra India mess,
$11@13. Cut meats firm! better den.and; pickled
bellies, 12 pounds, 41 jc; pickled shoulders, 4y 8
* Vie; pickled ha* s. 9@9%c.
LAUD— Quiet: easy; Western steam. $4 20;
city, $3 75@3 80; July, $4 20. refined, dull- conti
nent, $4 45; south America, $4 85; compound,
4@4l/ 4 c.
PORK-Weak: fair demand; old mess, $7 75(3
8 25; new, $8 60@8 75.
BUTTER— Quiet: unchanged: State, dairy, 10@
15c; do creamery, liy«>r<ai&%c: Western dairy
8%@11%c: do creamery, 11%'g)15y a c; do fac
tory, 8@llc; Elglns, 15% c; imitation creamery
10@12cT
CiiEESK— Moderate demand: State, large, 6@
6%c: do small, 6%®Bc; part SKlms, 2@4y a c; foil
skims. @'-'c.
EGGS— Freely offered; State and Pennsyl
vania, 12@12%c: Western frtsh, 10y 2 @liy 2 c;
do per case, $1 50@2 85.
TALLOW— DuII; weak; city, 3 5-16@3S/ 8 c;
country, 3S/ c.
COTTONSEED OIL-Quiet; easy. Crude, 20(§
21c; yellow, prime, 245 / i@2sc.
RnslN — Steady; strained, $170.
TURPENTINE— DuII, steady: 25%@'26ViC
MOLASSES— FairIy active; unchanged.
COFFEE— Dull; June, 10 points up: others 10 t<
15 down: June, $12 10@12 20: July, $11 65(5
11 75: August, $11 15: September, 810 70@10 90;
December, $10 15@10 20: January, $10 85;
March, $10 05. Spot Rio dull, steady: No. 7, 13c.
SUGAR— Raw quiet, firm; fair refining. 3 11-16<
bid,- centrifugal 96 test, 3 9-16 c bid; refined firm
quiet, unchanged.
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, 8V2«9y 2 c.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %i ib, 12@13c; do unpeelea,
case.
PRUNES— Four sizes, nominal. 5c asked.
RAISINS— loose Muscatel, 3%c: dc
three-crown, 434 c; do tour-crowu, 4%&5 c; Sul
tana, sc; London layers. 90c@$l.
HOPS— Unchanged. State common to choice,
2v (aßc; Pacific coast. 2 (;di7c
WOOL— Firm, moderately active. Domestic
neeee, 16@21c; pulled, 15@3Sc; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
Pin iron — Quiet, unchanged. American,
$10 50<aiX
COPPER-Dnll: lake. $11 50®12.
LEAD— Steady; domestic. *8 02%®3 05.
UK-Easier. Straits. *13 50@13 55.
PLATES— Moderately active.
fci-ir-L'ij-.ii-UuU: domestic. $4 06@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO. lix, June 27.— Board of Trad«
people are disposed to enter an emphatic denial 01
the improved business conditions as reported bj
prominent people in interviews which appeared
in a morning paper to-day The past week ha;
been one of almost unprecedented dullness, and
to-day's session was neither better nor worse thai
any that preceded It. The feeling of the wheal
market was easy, a break in the securities in the
New York stock Exchange conveying depression
to the grain business. The news of the day brought
nothing cheering to holders. The weather coin 111
ued good and crops excellent. Liverpool cables
were quiet and steady. Receipts at Chicago we«
eight cars, and 52,914 bushels were taken fron:
store.
The Northwest received 380 cars, against 501
last Saturday and 237 a year ago. Argentine ship
ments of wheat for the week were 320,000 bush
els. American shipments from both coasts for the
week were quite liberal at 2,837,000 bushels, but
to-day's Atlantic seaboard clearances were light
a: 189,500 bushels. Closing continental cables were
generally lower. The last half-hour's trading was
rendered somewhat conspicuous by the amount of
July liquidation which took place, prices weaken
ing further under the weight of offerings. Sep
tember wheat opened from s<SV'3'' t> 56s/ B e, de
clined t055%c, where it closed, 3/ @y 9 c un er yes
terday. Estimated receipts for Mon lay, 16 cars
COUN — Moved off lower in price under the weak
ening Influence of wheat. The trade was li;ht
1 and unimportant, with nothing but local Interest
displayed. Receipts were large at 476 cars and
j 64,076 bushels were withdrawn from store. Liver
i pool rabies were quiet and steady. Argentine
shipped 664,000 bushels of corn last week. Export
clearances were 78.231 bushels. September corn
opened at 28 L 4c, sold at 28c, closing at the inside.
Vie under yesterday. Estimated receipts for Mon-
I djy, 505 cars.
oats— With an undertone of weakness, and
a surrounding atmosphere of depression It wat
hardly to be expected that oats would show any
inclination to improvement. Receipts were 838
cars, and 512,601 bushels were taken from store,
Export clearances were but 250 bushels. Septem
ber oats closed V±c under yesterday. Estimated
receipts for Monday 360 cars.
FLaX— Was eas/. Cash, 78% c: July, 78c
September, 79%@79i$ic; Decemoer, 813,4 c. Re
ceipts were 19 cars.
PROVISIONS— The amount of trade In product
was about as usual for a Saturday half holiday
The hog market on the last day of the week is sel
dom an Important one, and product, except on ex
traordinary occasions, sympathizes 1 1 the dull
ness. The feeling in .be market to-day was aoom
steady. Toward the close the weakness of wheal
had a discouraging effect. September pork closed
17% c lower, September lard a shade lower, and
seii.i'rabfr ribs unchanged.
1 lEii— Fancy grades of creamery butter in
good demand and steady, but .other binds Inclined
10 drag. Offerings liberal.
Creameries- Extras. 14% c: firsts, '13®14c:
seconds, 10®12c; imitations, fancy, 12c. Dairies-
Extras, 12c; firsts, lie; seconds, 9c. Ladles-
Extras, 10@10%c; firsts, B%@9c; packing stock,
he ; roil, 6>&7c.
EUGs— Steady with a good business transacted
Receipts were somewhat larger, but the demanr
cont nil' d good. Fresh slock sold from 10Vg(ij
11 %c %* dozen.
MoSEV-Wm s@t>% on call and b% on time
loans. New York exchange was quoted at 70«
premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT — June. Sl3/ g July, 64% c; Sen
tember. 55 %c
CORN— June. 26% > July, 26y 8 c; September
28c.
OATS— JuIy. 15% c: September. 16c.
PORK— July, $6 92%: September, $7 10.
LARD— JuIy, 43 87%; September, *4 02%.
I.IBS— Jujy, *3 66; oeptemoer, $3 80.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, li,t.. June 27.-Onlj
a few cattle were received to-day, and they wer«
disposed of at steady prices. The hog market was
active to the extent of the supply. Prices wen
Steady. Sheep were active and steady.
CATTLE — ReceiDts. 600. Fancy beeves
$4 50&4 60: choice to prime, 1300 to 1800 pound
steers. $4 30(a»v 45-. good to choice steers. 1201
to 1600 pounds. 84 00(34 25; medium steers, 100 C
to 3 600 pounds, $3 80,'a,3 95: common to fair steers.
950 to 1300 pounds. $3 60(&3 75: leeders,
900 to 1200 pounds. $3 60®3 85; common to choice
stocsers. $2 6b(gt3 50; Dulls, cnoice to extra, $2 81
@3 25: bu Is, poor to choice, $2 ® 2 85
cows and heifers, extra, $3 76®4 00; cows,
fair to choice. $2 503)3 50: cows, common to fan
canners'. $1 25(612 25: calves, good to choica.
$4 60<s5 25; ca ves, common to Rood, $3@4 50;
Texas'steers. $2 40@3; Texas fed steers. $3 10 (a
4 04 : Texas cows, bulls ana oxen. $1 90®2 85; nit
ers ana springers, per head, $20®35.
HOGS— Receipts. 14,000. Heavy packlnz ana
shipping lots, $3 00(33 25: common 10 choice
mixed. 8 3 05 3 46: choice assorted. »3 50&3 65;
light, $3 25®3 50; pigs. $2 750*3 50
btlttl- Receipts. 5000. interior to cnolc*
f2(b4; iUiit/«, $3*6 50.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
NEW YORK, N. V., June 27.— The Earl Fruit
Company sold California fruit in the Consolidated
Auction to-day, realizing prices as follows;
Cherries— Black Republican, $2 05@2 95 per box;
Royal Anne, $I@2 95; , Black Tartarian, $1 30(S
2 66; Black Bigarreau, »1 70®2 50; Napoleon
Bigarreau, $ I@2 25. Prunes— $2 3S<§
3 86 per half-crate. Abundance, $2 20@
2 25 per half-crate; Clyman, $1 So@l 70. jtlks-
California, $1 60 per half-box. Peaches—Alex
ander, 65c®$l 10 per box. Apricots— Royal, 46c
©*1 05 per half-crate.
Porter Bros. Company sold to-day: Prunes-
Tragedy, $3 20. Cherries— Assorted. *2 20@2 56;
Royal Anne, $1 90@2 30: half boxes, $1 16.
Plums— Cly mans, $1 25@1 50. Apricots— Royals,
70t@$l 15. Peaches-Alexanders, $1 10@l 45;
others, 65c@$l. Pears— Half boxes Madeline,
80c@$l.
CHICAGO. lix., June 27.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold: Prunes— Tragedy. 81 80@185; Simon 1,
$1 20. Plums— Burbanks. $1 80.
NEW YORK STOCKS..
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
'. Shares.
Money on call Is 2%. Prime mercantile pa
per. 5@5%%. Bar silver, 69c. Mexican dol
lars, 53%@548 > Sterling Exchange quiet, with
actual business in bankers' bills at $4 87%
for 60 cays and $4 BSI4 for demand. Post
ed rates. $4 88@4 89. Commercial bills. $4 86%.
Government bonds steady; State bond* dull; rail
road bonds dull, Sliver at the board steady.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91% Norfolk * Westrn. 4
Atcnison .....13%t Preferred. 9-.
Preferred 20y 8 Northern Pacific. 9%
Adams Express. ...l4B j Preferred 17 .
Alton, Terre Haute 68 Northwestern 101 a
American Expresslll Preferred .148
AmerlcanToDacco. 03% N. Y. Central , 96y a
Preferred......... 96 N.Y.,Chicago<fe<L. 12
Bay State Gas 24 Ist preferred 70
Baltimore <fe Ohio.. 17% ■Yd preferred 29
Brunswick Lands.. % N. Y.& N. H. 171
buffalo, Roch AP. 18% X. Y. & New Eng, 48
Canada Pacific 60 N. V., Susq & W... Hi/x
Canada southern.. 4954 Preferred. 23
Canton Land 60% 0ntari0...... 11
Central Pacific 16 < uurio «t Western 13%
Ches. & Ohio i4 3 A Oregon Improvmut y
Chicago Alton 155 Preferred
Preferred J7O Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q 7*-6/fc Oregon Short Line. 8
Chlcavo<t E. 111... 41 Pacific Mai1....... 22%
Preferred 99 Peorla, D. & Evans 1%
Chicat-'O(.as 66*4 PittsburK <fe W. pfd 15 •
Cievett PUtßbnrg..l64 ' Pullman Pal ace.... 15 3
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Gas.. Preferred.' ; 18
C. C. C. & St. Louis 31% Reading..... 14%
Preferred. 76 RioGrande&Westn 15
Colo. Fuel & iron.. 25 Preferred......... 40
Preferred 100 Hock Island 68
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11 Rome WatAOgden.lls
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. <fe S. W...... 4%
Del. Hudson .126% Preferred »y a
Del. Lack& Westrn. 163 St. Paul..; 757/
Denver &R.G..... 13% Preferred. 127%
Preferred. 46% St. Paul A Duluth. 18
Distillers 16V«' Preferred.... 85
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
1
General Electric... 30 Ist. Paul <& Omaha. 40
Erie 13% Preferred.... .....124
Preferred 38 |SL P. M. A M...... 11l
Fort Wayne 160 silver Certificates. 69«ys
Great Northern pfdlltt Southern Pacific... 18%
Green 8ay.......... % Southern R. R..... 85%
Harlem ...........294 Preferred ;....... 26%
Hocking C0at...... 1 Sugar Refinery ... .11364
Hocking Valley.... 16%! Preferred 101%
Homestake......... 33% Term. Coal & Iron. 22
H. & Texas Cent... i Preferred 90
Illinois Central..... 93 Texas Pacific 7%
lowh Central....... 7% Tol. A. A.& N.Mich.
Preferreo ....... 31 Tol. & Ohio Cent... 30
Kansas & Texas... 10% Preferred......... 70
Preferred... Tol.Si.Loui3<fe K.C. 5
Kingston & Pern... 3 | Preferred 6
Lake Erie & Westn 18 Onion Pacific .. 7
. Preferred. 69% U. P. Den A Gulf.. 2%
Lake Shore 151 U. S. Cora age 5
National Lead 23% Preferred 9%
Preferred 87 Guaranteed 19y a
Long Island. 74 U. S. Express...... 40
Louisville & Nash. 88% U. & Leather 71*4 ;
! Louisville Na<&CU 8% Preferred 57V 2
Preferred .... 18 U. S. Rubber....... 16V3
! Manhattan Consol. IOI14! Preferred.: 73
j Memphis <S cnaris. 15 iUtica&B. River. .ls9
! Mexican Central... 9 ab. b. L. & Pac.. 6%
; Mlchiga • Central.. 96 Preferred 16V»
j Minn &S. L.. — Wells-Fargo 90
Pre.erred Western Union... tMVi
Minn it St. L com. 17 Wisconsin Central. 1% !
• Ist preferred...... 78 Wheeling &L. E.. 87/ 8 !
2d preferred...... 46 Preferred. 84Vs
Missouri Pacific.. 22% Am Cotton Oil pfd. 62" 8
Mobile Ohio 19%W.U.Beef 7» /4 i
Nashville & Chatt. '• 6K > Ann Arbor **% j
National Linseed.. 18%' Preferred 24
N. J. Central 105 'Brooklyn Traction. 22
North American... 4%lErie 2d pfd 15
CXOSINO BONOS.
!U S 4s, registered.. KT2ds ...... 58Vi i
! Do 4s. coupon.... 10PJJ4 Do 4s 82% |
U S 4s new, regstrdllt 34 Mutual Union 65... 134
Do 4s, coupon 116% N J Cent Gen 55. ..120
Do as 963,1 Northern Pac lsts.ll6
Doss 113 I D02d5...... 110% !
1 coupon 113 i D03d5.... 67
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l4o
Do 1887 10J Do deb 6s 110
Do 1898 10 1 OR 4 N lsts. HlVi
Do 1899 100 StL&lronMtGen 5s 76
Pacific -is 0f '95.... BtL<fcßF Gen 113%
DC 3-65s lOUViSi Paul C0n5015. ...132
Ala Class A4s 105 St P C «ft Pa ..119
Do Class B 4, 55.. 105 Do Pac Cal lsts. .110
LaConsoi 4s 96 Southern R R 55... 51
Missouri funding. Texas Pacific lsis. 85%
N Carolina con 65. . 122 Texas Pacific 2ds.. 2 1 Vi
D 045.... 100 Union Pac 15t5 '96.1035/8
So Carolina 4%5... 106 West Shore 4s. 10«s /+ j
Term new 8s 80 Mobile & Ohio 45.. 66,
Va funding debt... 68% RGrandeWest lsts 76% |
Do registered Ches & Onto 6s — 107% ■
Do deferred 65... 5 Atchison 4s 78% '
Do trust rcpts st. 6 ! Do 2ds A 3914
Canada Sou 106 GH4SA 6s . . . . 101
Cen Pac Istsof '85.102 Do2d 100
Den &P. O Ist 11l HA Tex Cent 65.. 109
Do 4s 92 Doconßs. 100
Erie 2ds 65 Reading 45.. 79%
Kansas Pa Consols 70 Missouri 03. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den dlvlllVi
FOREIGN MARKETS.
V 'WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, En«., June 27.— The spot market
is quiet at 6s2y d@ss 3%d. Cargoes dull at 26s 6d,
sellers, prompt shipment. '
FUTURES.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
4s 9%d: July, 4s 9*4 d; August, Is 93, 4 d; Septem
ber, 43 9S4d; October, 4s 934 d.
SECURITIES.
LONDON, Esq.. June 24. — Consols, 113%;
sliver, 31 9-16 d; French Rentes. lOlf 10c
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
I Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f 4 88
i Sterling Exchange, sight — 489
I Sterling-Cables — 4b9%
! New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine silver, ft ouuCe — 69
Mexican Dollars 54% &* B /i
•
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures and spot prices are steadily
declining, and as buyers have left the market
trade is depressed. No. 1, 92V / / 4c 9 ctl;
choice, 95096 V4c; lower grades, 87y2®90c; extra
choice for milling, $I@l 10 %i ctl.
~ALL board sales.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December—
500 tons, 96% c: 2400, 97c; 300. 96%c
-iiK«ii:LAii Morning i^kssion— December— 300
tons, 97c: 600, 9t>%c; 100, 9b^c; 16U0., 9b%c.
BAKLEY— Very quiet. Futures are still weaker.
I Feed, 67%@68%c; choice bright, 70c; Brewing,
76@80c.
CALX. BOABD SALES. 'V;V;V
Informal Session — 10 o'clock— No sales.
Regular Jlobnino Session— December— 2oo !
tons, 6dV%c; 400, 68y*C.
OATS— No business of any consequence. Mill
ing. 87Va@9Oc fk ctl: fancy Feed. 90(g)9aV4C 9 ctl;
good to choice, 82V?@90.': common to fair, 77%@
82V2 : Gray, 80@86c; Surprise, 06c(g»?il O2y 2 .
CORN— at the quotations. Large Yellow,
90@95c; Ismail Round do, 97Vsc&$l; White, 77%
&B^y a c ii ctl. . :'--<::-
RYK-72%@76c 1» ctl.
BL'CKWtii!.AT— BS@9Oo "ft ctL -:--
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF9.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: * Family - extras,
$3 75<53 85 V bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 60;
superfine, $2 75@3.
CORNMKAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, $19 50@20;
Cracked Corn, $20 60@21 V ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in 10-tb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
2*4 c: Kye Flour, 3V*c; Rice Flour, 7%c; Corn
meal, 2%@3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal, I
3S,ic: Oat Groats, 4 Vac: Hominy, 4w.4i.2C; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3y 2 c; Farina,
4%c; WholeWheat Flour, 3c: Rolled oats, 41.4 c;
1 ( arl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4^c; Ur«en do, .
6yic %* ib.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— BO $ ton.
MIDDLINGS-sl7 60@18 50 "$ ton for lower
grades and $19@20 ft ton for the bast.
FEEDSTI FFs— Rolled Barley, $15 50@16; Oil
cake Meal at the mill, $21 per ton; jobbing, $22;
Cottonseed Oilcake Is out of market.
HAY — Receipts have been smaller during the
past day or two, but the market continues dull
and weak. New Wheat is quotable at «7 60
(0,10; New Wheat and Oat, ?7@9: new Oat. $6@B:
new Barley, $5@7 50; second cutting of Alfalfa, $6
(36 50; new Clover, $tf(§,B. Old Hay is quoted at $7
! fall 60 "$ ton for Wheat and $B@lo for com
pressed Wheat.
a W-20@40c $ bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Is still very dull. Bayos are
quotable at $1@1 07% it ctl ; Small Whites, «1 15
1 (£1 30: Pea, $1 20@l 35; Large Whites, 90c@$l 05;
j Pink, 85@92y a c; Reds, $1 25; Blackeye, nominal;
I Red Kidney, nominal: Limas. $2 35(3:2 65: But
| ters, $1 25@1 40 for small and $1 26@1 50 for
! large. . .
SEEDS- Brown Mustard is quotable at $1 60®
i 2 25 ft ctl: Trieste, $2@2 60 Veil; Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40®l 60: Flax, $1 70@l 80: Canary. 4 c
V* lb; Alfalfa, 7%@9% V n>; ltnpe, a Vise $ ib;
Hemp, 3y a c $ tb.
DRIED PEAS— SI 25@1 40 ?> ctl for Nlles and
$1 25(5»1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES
POTATOES— Garnet Chiles, 80c@$l: new
Peerless, 75@90c; new Early Rose, in sks, 75c©
$1: new Early Rose in boxes, 75c@$l 25: new Bur
bank Heed lines, $I@l 40; Oregon Hurbanks, 66®
85c; Humboldt Burbanks. 60@70c V c:l.
ONIONS— White. 35@,50c; Red, 16@25c ft ctl.
• VEGETABLES— Were quiet yesterday. Green
Corn, 40c@$l 25 ft sack: Alame<ia Corn, $125®
1 75 "f- crate; Summer Squash. 26@40c for I ay;
Egg Plant, : Tomatoes, $2 60@3 * bixi'Cn
! cumbers. 50c@$l 25; Alameda Cucumbers, $1 60®
: 2 '$ box: Asparagus, 60c@$l ft box; Rhubarb, 40
@7Pc * box: Dried Peppers. 12V 3 c: Green Pep
pers, 12y @15c %t Ib: Green Peas. sOc(Sisl ft sack
tor common and 2@2%c ft lb for Garden: String
Beans. 2(43c for common and 4016 c for Garden:
Dried Okra, 12% c; Cabbage, 46®500 tictl: Gar
lic, 2® 3c %i Ib.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS. .
- BUTTER-Is easy at the decline. .
Cbeamkhy— Fancy, 16c; ' seconds, 14@14y>c
ft Ib. *
Dairy— Fancy, 13®13y 3 c; good to choice, 12®
12y 2 c; lower crades, Tl@il^c. "
CHEESE— Fancy mild new,.6®6%c; common
to good. 6®5%c: Cream Cheddar. 9c; Young
America, 7(g.Bc it lb; Western, lOtollc; Eastern,
12@12y a c. ... .
• EGGS— DuII and easy. Farallon Eggs, 17@18c;
Oregon, 10c: Eastern Eggs. 10@12c: store Kges,
10%(iA12c: ranch Eggs, 12(g)15c; Duels Eggs, 12%
®14c"%iaoz.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— Was nominal yesterday. .^.-t: : .
■ Live Turkeys, 12®13c for Gobblers, ll@l2c for
Hens: Geese, ft pair. 76c@81: Ducks. $3@3 50
for old and $3 50@5 ft doz for young: Hens. $4@
5: Boosters, youni:, $6 60(98: do, old. $4654 60
ft dor.: Fryers. $5@6 60: Broilers, $3®4 for large
' and $2@2 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 25® 1 60 ft doz
for young and old.
, GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
. ORCHARD FRUITS— .
' Peaches are very firm. Apricots are in large sup
ply. Other kinds show no particular change.
Arrivals of Cherries wera 266 bxs, selling at 85c
$$1 35 ft box for Black, and 75c@$l for Royal
Anne. -
, Peaches, 50@90c ft box. and 60@90c V basket.
Plums, 40<§>(5c ft crate and 26(&~6')c 14 box.
Cherry urns. 25®40c ft box
"' Apples, 25@50c ft small box and 40c®? 1 ft large
box.- ;.' -:r, , ' ■ ■•-• ■■>-■ '• . ■■ -■: , ;•• ■.
. Green Pears, 20(^'5c ft box.
Royal Aprlc^ ts, .f@4oc ft box, 40@50c ft crate,
15@30c ft basket and $12 50@20 * ion In bulk.
Idoorparks. nominal. - - .
Figs, 25@50c ft box for single and 40@75c ft box
for double layers. ■ - »-•-■.•■• .-; , .
. BERRIES— Prices snowed no material disturb
ance. ' ' ■ •
Receipts of Strawberries were 1 029 chests, selling
at $3 5005 ft chest for Longworths and $2 60@3 60
for large berries.
Raspberries, $3@K ft chest.
Blackberries, $2@4 ft chest.
Currants, $3@5 ft chest. ■c. . ' :
I GKAPES— Thompson's Seedless from , Yuma sold
at $1 76 crate.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are steadily getting
scarcer at $I®2 60 ft box for Seedlings, $3 50
@4 •ii box for Navels, and $2 60@3 50 $
box lor Mediterranean- sweets; - Lemons, $1 50
t2 for common and $2 50@3 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes, $6@<s 50; bananas, $I@2 $ bunch;
Pineapples, *J>l@* r dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRTED FRUITS- ;
Quotations on the Fruit Exchange areas follows:
Carload Apples, l%@2c i» Ib for quar
tered. '2c for sliced and - 4@4%0 for _ evaporated;
Peaches, £@5c and 6c for fancy: Apricots, 6V2@7c
for orlme to choice. B®9c for fancy and 10(a>lic f>
lb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 2%c for im
pressed: White Figs, 4c in sacks; Pears, 7c tb
for evai orated halves, 3yj.@6c %* ib for quarters:
Prunes. S@3i,ic: Plums, 8y 2 cii lb for pitted and
2 'u,'Jc for unfitted; Nectarines, »yaS^so %* lb for
prime to choice and 5%0 tor fancjr
Jobbing Prices— j<.vaporatea apples. 4@sc
$ lb; bun-dried, lVis<g,2c: Peaches. 3%@oc ana Be
for fancy; peeled in boxes,l2%c Tfr Ib: Prunes. 3%c
for four sizes, 41/jjC for 40<gt50's and 4c for
50@60's: Apriots, 7(Sa9e lor prime to choice,
10(all for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3y 3 c:
While figs, 3®sc: Pears, : 8c t* tb for evapo rated
halves arid 4@7Vi c for quarters; Plums. 3Vii@4c
for pitted and l(isl%c forunpltted: Nectarines,
4@sc 1* lb for prime to choice
RAISINS— Prices are as follows, carload lots, f.
o. b. Fresno: Four-crown, loose, none; 3-crown,
loose, 3c; 2-crown, 2%c%4tt>: seedless sultanas,
3c: seedless Muscatels, l%c: 3-crown London lay
ers, 70c V box: clusters, $1 35@1 50: Dehesa clus
ters, 82 10@2 25; Imper.al clusters, $2 60@)2 75.
Jobbing Pricks— Four-crown loose, none; 3
crown, 3@ Vie V lb; 2-crown. Be. Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c %l ib; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90c: clusters, $1 50t£l 75;
Dehesa clusters, $2 50; Imperial clusters, $2 75.
. NUTS — Quotations , are as follows: Wal
nuts, 9@llc for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c 9 lb for
paper-shell, jobbing lots; Almonds, 6@7%c for
Langnedoc and B%@loc for paper-shell, jobbing;
Peanuts, 6@6%c f- Id for Eastern and — for Cali
fornia; Hickory s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9©lo ■ ft lb: Cocoanuts. $4 Sordid "^ 100.
HONK V -Comb 10@12%c %i Ib for bright and 8
(S.9c 3* Ib for lower grades; water-white extracted,
6@5%c ft lb: light amber extracted, 4y*@4%c;
dark amber, 4c; dark. 2@3c.
BEEsWAX-25<&-7% > : $ lb.
% - : J PROVISIONS.
Trade is very good at the moment.
CURED ATS— Bacon is quotable at 60 IP
Tb for heavy, 7c Ib for light medium, 9c "9 Ib for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c 9 Ib for sugar
cured; [■.astern Sugar-cured Ham-. llv->@l2c $ tb:
California Hams, f@lOo f, lb; Mess Beef, $7<§>B:
extra mess do. $8 50(ai9: family do. $10: extra
prime Pork, $B<SB 50; extra ■ clear, $14 ii bbl:
mess, $12 bO&ls'fi bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c <£ tb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 5V4c $S Ib
for compound and 6 1 4 c for pure; pails. 7c $ Ib;
California tierces, 43/^c for compound Ind 6c for
pure; half-bbls, 6V4c; 10- tins, 7c; do 6-tb, 714 c
COTTOLENE— in tierces and 68/ 4 @7y 8 c
* lb In 10-lb tins. -
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKlNS— Heavy salted steers. 7@
71 i. ■ V* lb: culls and brands. 6@6!a<' ~E* Ib: medium,
Ciaftf 1 21- 9 tb; culls and brands. 5@5%c $ Ib: light.
6c: culls and brands, 4c: Cowhides, 5@5%c: culls
and brands, 4@»V2C: salted Kip, 5c "0 Ib: salted
Calf. 7@Bc: salted Veal, 6c: dry Hides, 10%©llc:
culisand brands, B@B%c;dry Kip and Veal, B®9c;
culls. 7c: dry Calf, 15c; culls, 10c; Goatskins,
20@35ceach; Kids, sc; Deerskins, eood summer.
30c; medium. 15@-sc; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearliugs, 10@15o each: short wool, 2>;@
3f;C each; meuVum. 40^50c each; long wools, 50@
60c each. Culls of all kind* about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1. rendered. 3iA<g>3%c: No. 2.
3c; refined, sV>@s%c; Grease, 2%c f, lb.
WOOL— Valley 1 regoh is quoted at 9@loyoc; do
lower grades. B@9V 2 c Q Ib; Nevada, 6@9c lb;
ban Joaquin and southern Coast, six months, 4@6c;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7(g,Bc: San
Joaquin, year's fleece, 4%®6y3c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, s@6Vfec |j lb.
Nominal at lV2©3c %i lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Hairs, spot. $4 25; San
Quentln, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24%@26y c
COAL— Wellington, $8 3 ton ; New Wellington,
$8 V ton; Pouthtield Wellington. $7 50 %i ton;
Seattle, $5@5 60; Bryant, $5: Coos Bay, $4 50:
Wallseml, $7: Scotch, $7 50; BrymDO. *7 60;
Cumberland, $11g.12 In bulk and $13<514 In sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Eg*. $11 50; Welsh
Anthracite, $8: Cauael, $7 50; Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; coke,
$11@12 in bulk and $13 \t ton in sks.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular says: "Very
much the same conditions prevail as given In our
last report, and it is evident that any improve
ment in demand cannot be expected until the ap
-1 proaching National holidays are over. Although
prices have been held extremely well under the
circumstances, the market has not been able to re
sist the unusual siege of dullness, and sales, when
ever possible, w nt altogether in buyers' favor. In
some instances Quotations remain unaltered sim
ply for want of transactions upon which to base
values, but the desire to sell seems general and
concessions could undoubtedly be obtained upon
all except strictly fine qualities, the latter holding
ground through scarcity. Eastern markets are
without any features of interest and in the sama
lifeless condition. Receipts of new Coffee at the
Brazilian ports are early and full, aud crop esti
mates shortly expected are awaited with Interest
by the trade at large. To-day's stock consists of
2659 Costa Rica, 334 Nicaragua, 15.368 Salvador,
16.461 Guatemala. 175 Me.xican-ln all 34,995
bags, against 32,824 same time last year. The
steamer Colon Is duo about . .Inly - 8 with- 2850
bags.'.' We quote market dull and nominal.
Costa kica— lß«4@2o%o for good to prime; 18
?)19c tor good mixed with black beam; 16%@
17 % c for fair; 13ys($li3%c for common to ordi
nary. ■ .
Salvador- 18®19Vic for good to prime washed ;
1714@i75.41: $» tb'for lair washed: 19Va@-0c for
good washed peaherry; 17@17VaC for superior
unwashed: 16s/«@ltS%c for nood green unwashed;
19@19 l /ic for good to prime unwashed peabt-rry.
GUATEMALA AND .MBXICAX— 2OV2®2IViC for
prime 10 strictly prime washed; 19@20c for
good to strictly good washed: 17y2@18%c for fair
washed; 16@17Vic for medium; 14i/4@15»/ic for
ordinary: lv:@l4cfor inferior to common; 2014(3)
21c for good to prime washed peaberry ; 19(fc(19
for food to prime unwashed peaberry.
' SUGAR— The Western Sugar Hettnerv Company
Quotes, terms net cash: cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6%c; Dry Granulated, sVic;
Confectioners' A, 6%c: Magnolia A. 4%c; Extra
C. 4Vac: Golden C, 43/ 8■•;8 ■•; half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, aud boxes %c more.
SYRUP— Gulden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
* eaL
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaughter
ers are as follows:
BEEF— quality, sc, second 00, 4%@4%c:
third do, 3%@4c f lb.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small, 6@6c "$ Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@5%c: Ewes, 4@4y c
"$ Ib.-
LAMB— Spring Lamb. s@si/2C '$ ft.
PoßK— Live Hogs, 3y B fd)3Vic H lb for large and
S%©3<i-B<s for smalt and medium; dressed do, 4%
©5340. . T . .
RECEIPTS OP PRODUCE.
FOB 24 hoitm.
Flonr, or. sks.... 12.831 Cheese, ctls 40
Wheat, ctls 060 Kggs, doz 6,760
Barlej.ctls... ... 2,760 Hides, no ;J67
Beans, sks. 200 I'elts, bd15........ 450
Corn, ctls 60 Wool, bis 672
Potatoes, 5k5..... 2,445 Wine, sals 37,000
Onions, sks 435 Tallow, cus 17
Midtliliigs,sks... 283 Lime, bbls. 120
Bran, sks ........ 090 Leather, roll 3SO
Hay. ions 383 Quicksilver, flsks 120
Butter, ct15....... 154
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
San Francisco Pioneer Woolen Factory to Wil
liam Fries, lot on NW corner of Beach and Polk
streets, W 281 by N 187:6: $1800.
Same to same, lot on NX corner of Van Ness
avenue and North Point street. X 384, N 275, W
261. S 137:6, W 123. B 137:6: $30,500.
William and C. T. Niool to Matthaus Hofmann,
lot on SW cornerof Tonquin and Broderick streets,
8 6. :6 by W 100: $10.
John M. and Mary K. Klein to Marion L. Mowry,
lot on E line of Alabama street, 208 N of Twenty
second, N 26 hy B 100: $10.
William T. and Mary Davenport (by B. P. Oli
ver, Commissioner) to II i hernia Savings ana Loan
Society, lot, on X line of Col Ingwood street, 100 S
of Eighteenth, S 25 by E I*s: $2833.
Jacob and Sarah Jacobs to Alex Jacobs, lot on S
line of Union street, 137:6 Wof Powell, W SO by
8 62:6, subject todeed of trust; $2500.
John A. jMirreHy to Mutual Savings Bank, lot on
S line of Stevenson street, 175 W of Seventh, W
155 by *75; $10.
Caroline iMxford to W. A. Macßae, lot on SW
corn* r of California street and Nineteenth avenue,
S 'JOO by W 1 20 ; $1.
John W. and Fannie M. Butler to California
Guarantee Investment company, lot on SE
line of Prospect avenue, 500 sW of Coo avenue,
SW fiO by sK 70, lots 266 and 267, tiff map 3: $10.
Edward P. Draper to <*. Howard Thompson, un
divided half of lot on 8W line of Fourth avenue,
250 -N W of N street, NW 50 by SW 200, block 83,
tide lands: $3000.
ALAXEDA COUNTY.
Joseph S, Emery f o Amelia M. Emery, lot on E
lire of Watts steeet, 125 RotR ot Park avenue, E 60,
8 126 to N line of Park avenue, E 530 to W line
of San Pablo avenue, thence N 387:3 to S line of
lands of J. H. Smith and Mary S. FernaW, thence
W :>9O to E line of Watts street, thence 8 260 to
beginning, being a subdivisoo of plat 6, rancho V.
an& D. Peralta, subject to det-a of trust to San Fran
ciscu Savings Union, Oak a/id: gift.
Horace Kanda 1 to Reua B. Randall, iots 19, 20
30 and 31, block 1 . Broadway Terrace Tract. Oak
land Township: $10.
K. B. and Sarah Hayes to Henry A. Nelson, lot
on w line of Everett itreet. 100 s of Buena Vista
avenue, s 50 by W 122:734, being lot 6 in Foley
Block.Alameda; $10.
A. S Matht-ton to Mary J. Ryer. lot on N line of
Pacific avenue. 200 E of 1 >ak street. X 60 by N 160 ;
also lot on N line of Pacific avnue, 300 E of oak
street, E 60 by N 150, being lou 6 an>t 7. block 46,
lands mi jacenl to urinal. Waineda: $10
H. KeUev to i.lsle I. Sinclair, lot 4, block 4, map
Of Central Park at Alcatruz Statio 1, quitclaim
deed, Berkeley; $5.
j-.lsi' 1. Sinclair 10 Oakland Building and Loan
Assojiii on. sa r.e, Berkeley; $10.
Smmi and i.eonttne Hium to Albert E. Blum,
nndlvi le.i V' 3 in.crest i 1 lot on SK corner of CVtm
eron and Wtu.er scr-ets, X 219:sJy a by s 410:6,
being the W V 2 °f Plai «J, Map of Cameron Tract,
East Oakland; $5.
The McCarthy Company (a corporation) toT. R.
Goth and I arl F. Crane, lots 21 and 22. in sub
division G, Frultvale Terminal Tract, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Jose Leveira to George Levelra, lot on NW cor
ner or Cbnmatia and Harrison streets, W 50. N to
bank of San Leandro Creek, E to W Harrison
street, S 3ti .'. to beginning being lot 6, and ESO
feet of lots 7 to 10. block 4, map of X part of San
T.eaiidr>, Eden Township: gift.
John W. and Fannie M. Butler to California
Guarantee Investment Company of San Fran
cisce, fractional block 25, bounded N by Eleventh
street, E by second avenue, M by Tenth street and
W by an estuary, Oakland: $10.
• — ♦ •
THE STOCK MARKET.
Last week was a bad one for the Comstocks, for
they declined steadily all the week, closing de
pressed yesterday at a fail of 15c to 30c from Fri
day's best prices. The decline during the six days
will be seen by tbe table of fluctuations below.
There is nothing whatever to maintain values at
the moment, as there is nothing goin/ on In the
mines beyond the usual routine work, and there
are no ore development of any consequence any
where. Hence the market Is falling back of its
own weight and the recent flurry now turns out to
have been a mere flash in the pan caused by a
pocket find In the Chollar.
The Geary-street, Park and Ocean Railroad
Company has declared a dividend of 50 cents per
share, payable on the 29th. This Is the one hun
dred and thirty-fourth dividend.
The Ca umet and Hecla copper Company of
Michigan has dec ared a dividend of $5 p'-T share,
or $500,000, payable July 13. Ibis will make
$45 850,000 paid in dividends by this famous mine.
ihe weekly report of the Con. Lai. <fe Va. is as
follows:
1000 level— West crOs>cut 2, started at a point
in the north drift 650 shaft station, has beeu ad
vanced 26 feet; total length 436 »eet, passing
through favorable-looking porphyry and clay
separations and narrow lines of quartz assaying
50 cents per ton.
1650 level— on ninth floor, first floor above Rill
floor of this level, south drift from eas. crosscut
from drift run south from en.l of stope has been
extended 27 feet, passing through purphyry. clay
and quartz assaying $150 per ton; to:al length
381 teet.
1750 level— From thirteenth, sixteenth and
twenty-flrst floor at north end of stupes in old
ground ol former workings have extracted during
week 43 tons of ore, average assay value of which
per samples taken from cars iv mine was 972 66
per ton.
Part of our men working in old slopes have con
tinued tilling in with fine rock the open stope or
square sets at south end of openings ab ye this
level Working part of mine is well ventilated
and free from gas.
The total extraction of ore for the week amounted
to forty-three tons, the average assay value of
which, per samples taken from the cars when
raised to the surface, was $67 47 per ton.
The Morgan mill, in cosing the run, worked 123
tons and 80 uouuds of ore, average assay value of
which (per battery samples) was **9 89 per ton.
Bullion shipped to Carson mlut (clean up), assay
value, $34,766.
10l 1 o wing Are tbe Highest r rices Daring
the Past. Week.
liOAi.u >AL.KS.
FoUowlnewera th« si"^ •» tha San Pranslsaa
Blocit Board yesterday:
' REGULAR HOBNTNI SRS<ITO!f mv\fWl«i 9:TI.
200 Alpha.... 14 100 ConH.... 1.001600 0vrmn....2l
400 »13i 50 C P0int... 46 HOO 20
100 Alta 10100 45 lOOOPotosl. 1.15
100 Andes... .321150 U <fcC. 1.15 600 1.20
3t>o BAB 83 200 1.20 400 Sava« 95
100 82100 H<£N.. 1.40 21)0 Scorpion.. o6
100 Bodie 42 1600 1.35 300 S Nev....60
200 8u11i0u...1» 100 Justice. ...os 500 61
100 8u1wer... 28 300 JUxcn 95 100 62
400 80600 97 450 Uni0n.... 60
850 Ch011r.. 2.55 500 Occdt Bf> lUO Utah 10
100 CC*V\. .l.B5 400 Ophtr... 1.15200 V Jack(...46
following wera we saiaj m tin Pactda Stoat
''Card yesterday::
BEQUI.ATI BFssrrtx— lo:7'l.
! 20fl A1nha.~..13i2500 Con 1m..02 0phir....114
200 1 4 300 ConN V.. 04 950 1.20
300 Alta 400 Crwn Pt...46!2U0 1.17%
200 Andes. sOoExchqr...oU6oo 1.16
100 Belcner... 4B 700 U&C... 1.20700 0vrmn....20
1 400 ».... 46900 1.15 400 P0i0j1..1.20
800 B <fci> 81 300 1.17%1400 1.17%
! 400 82 800 H&N... 1.40 600 X.16
300 .....—....78 200 1.42%'500 .1V 8
■ 100 Bodie 41 300 13 20 a Say» 97
100 42 1000 1.30400 95
: 800 Bullion... 19 300 Ju1ia. .....09 300 9B
1 200 8u1wer.... 29 400 Justice. ...Ott 200 93
800 Caleda 13 300 Kentuck.. o3 400 Scorpion..o6
250 Cha11ge.. .32 500 L Wash.. .o4 500 S B A M...14
300 Ch0ir.. .2.50 700 Mexn 67|400 » St 61
600 2.621^ 400 68800 ......62
500 -..2.55 WO Mono 07 1000 » Hill.
900CCV..1.87yj -100 Oood 87600 Union C . 60
1000 1.8. joo 861500 U:an 10
100 C0nn.. ..1.00 100 851700 V JacK«t..46
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Jane 27—12 »c.
SULAsJced.\ Bid.Asked.
! AiphaCon. ... 13 14JaIia — 12
I Ana. 10 lliJustlce 05 06
j Andes 31 32 Kentuck 03 04
I Pelcher 45 47iLady Wash.... 03 05
I Best <fc Belcher 78 801 Mexican 66 b"7
I Benton C0n.... 20 —Mono 06 —
i Bodie 40 — Nevada Queen. — 05
! Bullion 19 20 Occidental. ... 84 86
Bulwer 28 SOOphir. ...1.16 1.20
I Caledonia. 12 14 overman 21 23
Chollar 2.50 2.65|P0t05l 1.10 1.15
Con.Cal<feVa...l.B6 I.9o|savage 92 94
Challenge Con. MO iM Scorpion 06 08
Con. Imperial. 02 03 Seg. Belcher... 12 13
Confidence 1.05 1.10 Syndicate. — 04
Con New York 04 - silver Hi 11.... 02 03
Crown Point... 44 46 sierra Nevada. 60 61
KastsierniNev — 16 Union Con 57 58
Exchequer 06 06 L r tah 09 10
Goulu dt curry. 1. 10 1.15, Yellow Jacket. 42 44
JialfitNorcrs.l.3o 1.351
GOLD MINING UXCUAN'CK.
Champion 400 Lock wood Con. 34
Asked... 26 00 85
200 Edna. 89 Providence
400 m 40Asked 80 00
100 41 300 Savannah. ...... 43
100 Grant..... 1.1J300 44
200 » 14100 45
Kennedy 100 Sevastopol 49
Bid 1000400 „ 60
Asked 1200 Thorps
Keystone Con. Asked... 95
Bid 65 001 Asked Ybarra .... . 100
LOCAL. SECURITIES.
Bid 2 ITumboldt Bank 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron Works 85
Asked 60 Tuscarora Water 6 SO
. STOCK AND BOND .EXCHANGE. ,
SATURDAY, June 27— 10:30 A. It
UNITED STATES BONKS.
Sid. Aiked. - Bid. Asked,
US 4s coup.. 108 Vs - U8 4s reg...109y 8 —
Do new lsßuelloV2H7Vsi
MISCELLANEOUS BONDS,
Cal-itCbleTn. — » 1121/2 Pacßoll M6s. - —
CalElecL6s — l'-^Vg Do 2d is 65... — —
CntraCW6s 95 97 llv 65. 105 120
Dpnt-stex-cp 9f> 100 P«fcChßy6s. — 107
Kdsn L&1'631-.'O — Fwl-stRR6% — 116 V,
F4CHKR6S.IOS — Reno, WI&L — 105
Geary-stRSs. — 105 Sacto PAL. — 10ay,
LosAngLUs. — 99 SK&NI'RBs.IOOi/ilOlVa
.Do Outeed - 103 SPRR Ariz 6s — 97 -
Mkt-stCble6sl23 — SPRRCal6s.lO«i^lll
D0KyL0n55..105%106 SPRRCai 6s. — • —
IS at Vin6s Ist 96 - SPBrRCaIBs. 99 V* 101
NevCNgß7s. H5 105 ' 9VWater6s.. 1191^1 19*4
NPCRR6S. — 108 BVWater4s.. 99V* 993/4.
NRyCal6s.:os 107y StktnG&K6s - 100
NBy Cal 6s. - 100 Suns.T&Tßs 100 -
Oak Gas 55. .100 1041* Sntter-stRSs. 108 VfclO9Vi
Lo2d Is 55..104%105V* ViSttliaWCtSs — —
Omnibus 08.H8V4 — .:
' WATER STOCK". ■
Contra Costa 37 — iSan Jose — — ■
Maria C 0.... 50 — |Sprn? Valley 98% 99V4
GAS STOCKS.
Capital.. — 30 Paclfto Li?ht 47% 49
Central 95 — San Francsco 9414 94%
OakUL&ll 62 52 V Stockton..... - 21 V 3
Pao Gaslmp. 86% 87 vi
INSURANCE STOCKS.
Flreman'sFdl7o — |Sun 25 50
. COMMERCIAL BANK STOCK!!.
Amerß*TC. — ' — |LondonPAA.l2BVilßo
Anglo-Ca1.... 51% _ LondonAsF. — 27%
Bank of — 341 Merch Ex... 12 —
cal 8 D&TCo 64% :-7: -7 Nevada...... — —
FirstNa:ionl. — 187% gather Co. — —
Grangers.... — — |
SAVINGS BANK STOCKS.
Her S&LCo. 1400 1445 Sav&Loan.. — 100
llumhhA;L.lloo 1460. Security... 250 • 860
Mutua1....... — 40 Union Trust. 7so —
BFSavUnion — 490
STREET BAILROAD STOCKS.
California.... 108 - (Oak SL&Uay — 100
Geary-5t.....'. — 65 iPresidio 7 —
Market-5t.... 448 a 44% Sutter-st. ....— —
POWDKK STOCKS.
Atlantic D... 15 — Giant C0n.... 24 1/« 24»i
Eastern D... 75. 80 Jndson U.... — ■ -
California.... 75 100 Visoriu — 96c
MISCELLANEOUS BTOCK3.
AlasksPkrs. 90 97 Nat VtnCo.. 76 —
BlkDCos'Co. — 10 Oceanic SSCo 19 J»4Vi
Cal Cot Mills - — PacAnxFA I .-- —
Cal Dry Dock — — I'acl'or.ixCo. 98 100
Kdlson Lightl2o%l2l Pac Roll Mill - —
Gascon Assn. — — Parf PaintCo 6% 7%
Ger Lead Co. ' 85 '-. — PaeTr nsCo. — , 24
HawC&SCo.. 18>»4 20%PacT&TCo. 75 100
Hutch Si J Co 23% 23% Sunset 1"& T. 41 ' —
MerKxAssu.loo 110 United C Co. — 25
B'Elec Light ■ 414 4%l
BALES— MOHNiXH BX9SIOX I*
Board—
10 Pacific Gas 1mp...... 87 00
. 60 SF Gaslight.. 94 25
' 6SV Water 98 75
• Street —
10 Edison Light & Power C 0...... ; 120 50
.25 S V Water...:................... US 75
THE CALL CALENDAR.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates of Departure 1- mm San Franelaco.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
C. p. Coast ant> Gkodbtio Sitkv*y Ttos')
BtURTIS PUBLISHKD BY OPFICIAI, ' >
.AUTHORITY OF TRI BIIPtBINTRSDEST. J
Sunday, June 2b,
Sunrises 4.481 Moon rises 10.01pm
Sun sets 7.37 1 M00n sets
Note— ln the above exposition of the tides the
early morning tides are given in the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
when there are but, three tides, as sometimes
occurs. Tbe heights given are additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Survey
charts, except when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractiva
from the depth given by the charts.
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydboobaphic Office, U. a N., "»
Merchants' Kxchangb. V
wav Fbancisco, June 27. 1896. J
The time ball on Teleeraph Hill was aronped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m., Greenwicb time.
A. F. Fkchtelkb,
Lieutenant 0. 8. It. In chiirge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
'• Arrived.
SATURDAY, June 27.
StmrDel Norte.Stockfleth, 69 hours from Grays
Harbor; pass and lumber, to E X Wood Lum
ber Co,
Stmr Alcatraz, Walvig. 60 hours from Yaquina
Bay: stave bolts, stone, etc, 10 Meyer it Akmann.
Stmr Orizaba, Yon Helms, 14% days from Guay
mas, v a finsenada 48 hours: pass and mdse, to
Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Strar Laguna, Peterson, 46 hours from Re
dondo: ballast to Pollard & Dodge.
Bt Btmr Gaelic, Pearne. 28 days from Hongkong,
via Yokohama IP days, via Honolulu 7 days;
pass and mdse. to O O S Co.
Hktn Archer, Calhoun, 28 days from Honolulu;
sugar, to Welch «fe Co.
Brig Luriine, Miller. 30 days from Eabulnl; pass
and mdse, to Allen & Lewis.
Cleared.
SATURDAY. June 27.
stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle; Kruse & Madi
son.
sstmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Mineoia, Plilsbnry, Tacoma: Pacific Imp Co.
Stmr City of Rlode Janeiro, Ward, Yokohama
and Hongkong, via Honolulu; P M S 8 Co.
Stinr Acapnlco, Mortensen, Panama, etc; P MS
SCo.
stmr Umatilla, Hunter, Victoria and Port Town
send; Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Alice 1 ooku. Penballow, St Michaels;
Alaska Commercial Co. >
si- 2: Sailed. .
SATURDAY, June 27.
Stmr Columbia, Holies, Astoria.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson, KocKporU
Stmr Mineola, Pillsbury, Tacoma.
Stmr Acapuico, .Mor.emen, Panama, etc.
Stmr Lakme, Anderson, Seattle.
Stmr Protection. Ellefsen. I'sal.
Stmr City of Rio de Janeiro, Ward, Hongkong
and Yokohama, via Honolulu.
I Br ship Couisbead, Bromley, Queenstown.
Bark Forest Queen. Lampe, vv O rt Gamble and
Honolulu. ■
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, Bowens Land
ing.
schr Christina Steffens, NordUng, Walsh Land-
Inr.
Schr Bobolink. Nelson. Mendocino.
Schr Alcalde. Saunders. Port Blakeley.
Schr Rio Rey, Isigkeit, Slusiaw River.
v :•;.'<; Telegranhlc,
POINT LOBOS. Jane 27-10 p. m. — Weather
Cloudy wind SW; velocity, 20 wlioi-
Charters.
The bark Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hilo ;
brig W G Irwin, mdse lor Honolulu; bktn Tropic
Bird, mdse for Tahiti and Marquesas: Br shin
Vt-n ura, coal at Comox lor this port: bark Snow
& ISurgess, lumber on the Sound for Port Pirie,
38s 9d, Melbourne or Adelaide, 41s 3d— prior to
arrival.
The Br ship nance was chartered Drior to ar
rival for wheat to Europe, 27s 6d— ls 3d less direct.
Domestic Ports.
REDONDO— Arrived June 27— Stmr Newsboy,
from Port Los Angeles.
ALBlON— Arrived Jane 27— Stmr Scotia, hence
June 26.
EUREKA— Arrived June 27— 8tmr Pomona, i
hence June 26.
■ ASTORlA— Arrived June 27— Stmr Portland,
hence June 20-
Sailed June 27— Stmr Portland, for Nanaimo.
YAQUfNA BAY— sailed June Stmr Faral
lon. for San Francisco.
COOS Arrived June 27— Stmr Empire,
hence June 24. .
Sailed June 27— Stmr Araso, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed June 27— Stmr Noyo, for
San Francisco.
Foreign Port».
LIVERPOOL— Arrived June 26-Ger ship CH
WaUen. hence Feb 20.
MAURITIUS— saiIed June 23— Br ship Pytho
mene.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed June 26— Ger shl->. Flott
bek, for Liverpool; Ger bark Mathilde Dcussen.
for Limerick. - ' .
LONDON— Arrived June 28— Br ship Celtic Bard
hence Jan 23.
SHANGHAI— Arrived June 23— Bktn Chas F
Crocker, Tom Vancouver.
HONOLULU -• Arrived June 12— H»w bark
Manna Ala, irom Newcastle, NSW. June 13— Br
stmr Altmore. from Portland; scar Transit, hence
M.y 29. June 17— -Mm r Peru, hence June 10.
Jane 18— Bktn S G Wilder, hence June 7; Us
stmr Charleston, from Yokohama. June 19— Brk
Highland Light, from Newcastle, NSW.
Saile.s June 13 — s*bij> Jose) B 1 homaj, for Bos
ton: Brstmr Altmore, for Yokohama. June 16 — •
Schr Hubert Lowers, for San Francisco. June 17
— Haw bark I. P Rithet, for -»mi r ruiiclscu; stmr
Peru, for Yokohama June 18— Bktn W H Di
mono. lor?-a!i Francisco; Jap s mr Toyo Maru, for
Yokohama; Ger bark II Hnc<ie!d. for Lysan Is
land. Sun ■ iO— Bark Sea King, for Port Towns
end. . .
To sail June 22— Br bark Jessie Osborne, for Port
ESwS/-— <£» fi*fsr <— * _J MlllllllWWl* fllla*£ I wills UVitalizer.tbeprescrip-
nf (Vv <^' Wr* "*"> $ MANHOOD RESTORED^---"
LM <• *-J iW ■ ••■••*»*#■# HbV I VlllßMVitalizer.theprescrip-
ITv <^ f\ WV* ■*"!> » t^n.°^rf* m . ova Fr « e ?^ h P oT Biclan. will quickly cure you 0/ all ner-
ls\y^ /A I\> ,\] lonsI ons , dl «J"V es i of^ he o ge , ne c mive "'pans, such as Lost Manhood;
' M T ; Mm] V ' tmt\\ losomnia-l'aiTJs In the Stick;, Seminal Emissions. Nervous Debility
H I ji^L V '"Sr S mp »i eSt « tJnflt . to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
M' NT r S^lf Constipation. It stops all losses by day or night Prevents quick.
m > *-' . Va^. nessol discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
13 BEFORE and AFTER f\\, ' h ehorrorsof Impotency. €:UPlD»JBE cleanses thollver, Ui«
X ? \. kWne ' Ban 4 theurinar y organs ol aUtonQriUea. -
™ CVPIDEKE strengthens and restores small weak organs. .
«»__^ h^. . llso " eT £T » re not cnrert by doctors is because ninety per cent are troubled wtth
Pros tat It PI DENE is the only kno-n remedy to cure without an operation. 5000 testimoni-
al*. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent cur*.
|LOO a box, six for $5.00, by mail. Send for fbek circular and testimonials.
Address JJ A VO Li MEDIC 13 CO.« 1170 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. Forsaleby
H9»riMpBMHH|HM BKOOKS' PHARMACY. 119 Powell atroo*. ,
Townsend. June 23— U 8 stmr Charleston, lor
San irancUco. ,
Importation).
YAQUINA BAY— Per Alcatraz-350 tons stone,
28 eds stave bolts, 3552 ft ash lumber. ,
GRAYS HARBOR— Per Del Nor;e-34& M ft
lumber, 11 pkgs mdse, ' 1208 pkg3 shooks, 3 rolls
VGnf t?r.
GUAYMAS, ETC— Per "Orizaba-3 sks horns. 3
bxs copper wire, 10 pkgs chile pepper 1061
sks silver ore, '-'OS sks gold ore. 1 cs books, 2 crates
shells. 1 bx shark fins,. 2 cages birds, 160 dry
bides, 9 bales deerskins. 7 bars 1 pkg gold bullion,
48 bars sliver bullion, 42 sks me:al, 8 bxs feath
ers, 81 bars bii'llo-i,l bx typewriters. 8 pfegs mdse,
27 bags slag, 8» sks sulphates. 32 sks damlana, 8
sksoregano,.B3 green hides. 622 Ddls hides, 94 s'<s
pearl shells. 'i bl's fish fins, 1 snells. 1761
sks minerals. 1060 baas susrar, 66 bales Ixtle, 7
pkgs beeswax. 400 sk Hour. 51) sks bark, 151 bxs
mangoes. 5 bxs chllies. 48 turtles.
KAHULUI— Per Lurline— 9ooo Dags sugar, 63
bdls hides, 1 roller, 16 pkgs castings, 1 pkg mdse,
12 dozen broomi.
HONGKONG — Per Gaelic — 250 pkgs hemp
and gunnies, 1631 pkgs matting. 32 pk«s silk
goods, 28 pkgs parcels, 1923 pkss tin, 166 pkirs
curios, 76 pkgs birds etc. 448 pkgs oil, 3728 pkgs
tea. 2d(il pkgs rice. 13.739 pfcj{3 mdse.
For overland— 6 pkgs matting. 72 pkgs silk
goods. 120 okg3 parcels, 98 pkgi curios, 202 pkgs
raw silk, 8619 pk--s tea, 465 pkgs mdse.
For Central and South America— 64 pkgs silk
goods, 5 pkgs curios, 270 pkgs mdse.
. <'<>n*i<rn«»«'«. - - . -1
Per brig Lurline— Allen & Lewis: Alexander &
Baldwin: Hawaiian Commercial Co.
fer Orizaba— Cabrera. Roma & Co: Henry Lund
& Co: Thiedemann & Dellus: Thannbauser & Co:
Ciias Tetzen; General Electric Works; T Harmon
Co: L F Lastrato: Belby Smelting and Lead Co;
Bank of California: Candeiaria Consolidated Min
ing Co: G.Staaclte & Co: R E schultz: I Gutte; F
Ruther <fcCo; H M Newhml: Brown »fe Adams; F
Toplltz Garcia & Magginl ; APaladini: H
Levt & Co: Gilbert Clements. ■ >
Per Alcatraz— Baker Hamilton: J D McGU
very: Pacific Woodenware and Cooperage Co. -
Per Del Nort«— TUlmann & Bendel ; E X Wool
Lumber Co: Murphy, Grant <fc Co: Weston Basket
and Mfc Co.
Per Gaelic— Mscondray * Co: W P Lewis; Castle
Bros; Daniel Meyer; Tillmann & Bendel; London
and Ban Francisco Bank : M Lowell: Bank of
British North America: JMcFarland; C B Jen
nings: A C Robinson: MendeUon & Co: M J Bran
denstein & Co: A schilling & Co: Tubbs Cordage
Co: Macondray Bros & L Co; order; Chinese and
J apanese merchants.
Tor Late Shipping Intelligence See Fourteenth Page
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
ASTORIA AWPORTLANtt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class.
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Columbia sails June 2 7, July 7, 17 and 27
Elate of California sails. ."....July 2, 12 and 2:1
From bpear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 .*. iC
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO., Genl. Supts.
F. F. CON > OR, General Agent,
' _ " ■ 630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT_RATES
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND. :
Plxrfllt Class... &G.OO
Second. Class -dSOO
Meals and berth Included. \
Ticket Office— 4 New Montgomery Street,
GOOD ALL, PERKINS CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP GOIIPIII
STEAMERS WILL HAIL FROM Afffj.
. Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as £BBK
follows: : ■ „
For Mary Island. Lorln^ WransteU Juneau. Kll-
Itsnoo and Sltka (Alaska), at y a. m., Jane 3,
13, :8. ViB July 8, IX, ii. 28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
June 3, . 13. it*. 23. 28. and every flftl*
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wlta
the C. P. R. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. R,
at Poattlo with G. X. Ry., at Port Townsend wlta
Alaska steamers. '
For Eureka. Arcata and Fields Landing (Horn-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona. 2 p. >c. June 2. 6. 10.
14 l v •£•!. 2rt 3 i and every fourth day thereafter.
For Banta Cms, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos.
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hneneme. San Pedro, East 8»a
Pedro (Los Angeies) ana Newport, at 9 a. if.. .lima
4. s. 12, 16, 20, -4. 28 and every iourtn day tnera-
For San Dle«o, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port Lo»
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport. 11
I. if- *n m 2. B. 10. 14; iS, 22, 26, 30 and every
fourth day thereafter. ,
For Knsenada, Pan Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan. La
raz. Altata and Guaymas (Mexico), sir. Orizaba,
10 a. m., June 2, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
afr r. '
Ticket office, Palace Hotel. 4 New Montgomery
* ll * e <!iboDALl« PERKINS A CO., Gon'l Agent*
10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. C days TO
HAWAII, SAMOA, ft^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, [1 » v .
AUSTRALIA. \Js.S. AUSTRALIA.
a. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Satur-
day, July 11, at 10 a. m. Snectal party rates. .
S. P. MA IHu satis via HONOLULU an!
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, July 'i ',
at 2 p. x
Line to COOLGARDIE, Aust.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa. • '
J. 1). SPRKCKELS <6 BROS. CO., Airts.
114 Montgomery n.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GENERAL TR A JSATL.HT«|DB
French Lin« to Ravrn,
POMPAN Y'S PIER (NE W),42 NORTH a-«
\J River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by ■£**£&
this line avoid both transit oy English railway ant
the discomfort of crossing the channel in a small
boat. New Yorit to Alexandria, Egypt, via PatU
first-ciass Si tiO: second-class, *1 1U.
I A TOURAINE. CapU BanteUl....May 3l\ Ba.ii,
LA NORMANDIE May 23. 8 A. if.
LA GABCOGNE ...Ju c 20, 7 A. K.
LA KOH.i . Ni)li- _ July 4. 6 a. h.
LA GAeCOONK July 25. 11 A, M.
LA NOR HA VDIK. Alleust 1, 6 a.m.
LA ROURGOONE. Capt. Leb»eiif. . June 6,7 a. m.
49* For further particulars apply to -
A. FOROET. Agrent. !
No. 380 mei ne Green. New Yoric -
3. P. FUGAZI <ft CO, Agents, 5 Montgomwf
»venue. San Francises. - .
WHITE jnp USE.
United States and Royal Hall Steamers
BETWEEN
New York, Queenstown & Liverpool.
.SAILING EVKKt AVKIiK. 7
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- j*«b
Ins to steamer and accommodations waHt
■elected: second cabin, fSB and R4O: Majt-*i;c ™a
Teutonic Steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd Denmark
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
■tiling dates and cabin plans may be procure!
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at tv«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
■BOM Grand Hotel. o. FLETCHER. •
.. ■ ■ General Agent for Pacific Coast.
ROYAL JUIL STEAMJACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ASPINWALL fTljtM
fortnightly for the West Indies and "iiia^a
Pouthampton, calling en route . at . C^rbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers. t .;
Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mall S. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195; third
class *97 60. ■ For further particulars apply to
tAIUiOTT A CO., Agents,
' ■ • 306 California at.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St..
At 5 F. 31, Daily; after Ju.y 1,6 P.M.-
freight received up to :.'{J F. M.
Sunday at 7 I*. M.
IS" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone
BTKAMXSKsi
T.C.Walker, J. D. raters,
Mary Garratt. City of Stockton.
'leieuhouH Main 805. Cat. Nay. and impt. Ca
FALLEJO. MARK ISL 111, 'BSIICIA, POM
COSTA All CROCRK'IT.
/ . STK.MONTICELLO,
Oally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. »
and i P. K. ; Saturday, 10:80 a. a., 3:30 r. Mi
;.■■-■ , Sunday— a p. tL
Hr.M. only.
landing, aii»sion 1. Pier *.
3132
PROTEST AGAINST
PRIVATE CONTRACTS
Merchants Have the Street-
Work System Investi
gated.
ORDER POUND ILLEGAL.
Say It Is Contrary to the Best
Interests of Property-
Owners.
AN EXHAUSTIVE REPORT MADE
Will Submit the Document for the
Consideration of the Super
visors.
The Merchants' Association has caused
to be made by their consulting engineer a
reinvestigation of the subject of havine
street work done by private contract. The
association has forwarded this report to
the board with the following letter:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of i>an Franciono— Gentlemen:
The Merchants Association had occasion on
Decer . i > protest agaiust a system
of having street work done by private contract.
Accompanying the protest was a thorough re
port prepared at that time upon the contract
system by the consulting engineer ot this
association. On December 23, 1895, an
ordinance was passed by your honorable board
virtually abolishing the private contract
by stem 6f doing street work.
It is, thereiore, with great concern that this
association views the order passed by your
honorable board on the 2'2d inst. entitled
order X<». — , amendatory of section 28 of the
order 1588, relative to the construction and
u-e of streets and sidewalks. This order will
restore the system of doing street work by
private contract.
This association has, therefore, requested its
consulting engineer to investigate this subject
again and report upon :his new order to your
honorable board. Ilis report has just been re
cefved, and as it states that the order recently
i by your honorable board would be
illegal and* contrary to the best interests of
property-owners, we respectfully submit It to
■nsideraticn. We respectfully ask that
iio further action be taken in executing this
recent ordinance until the matter has been
folly Investigated, and if yon find the conclu
ii our engineer correct that further
action be Indefinitely postponed upon said
order.
Sax Francisco, .Tune 27, 1896.
T the Honorable tht I • ■>/ the
San Francifco — Gentlk-
HJEN: In response t>> a request for a report on
the question of private contracts and work
done under the proposed onier of the Boord of
Supervisors, which was passed to print last
Monday, I have to submit the following:
lon 8 <>f part 111 ot the general street
laws of the Htate of California, act of 1885,
defines the Street Superintendent as the per
son who shall have eharee of the streets, or
the improvement* thereof, in any city. The
power is m.t conferred on him by statute to
designate where work is necessary or should
be performed. Ihe power to order street work
done is vested alone in the Board of Super
ior the City Council. The Street Super
intendent ran only order repairs.
The courts have held that power to initiate
proceedings is vested only in tbe officials
designated by the Legislature (72 C'al., 404),
and that the power cannot be delegated by
such officials (35 Cal., 699, and also 47 Cal.,
Power to improve streets does not dispense
with the passage and publication of a resolu
tion of intention (52 Cal. 270), and in order to
recover a street assessment tne plaintiff must
show that ail statutory requirements have
been fulfilled. (47 Cal. 45« ; cited 47 Cal.
458,604. Also see 53 Cal. 45.)
There are many other decisions in the same
line, but enongh have been here given to show
that the order passed to print last Monday will
be void if passed by the board. When street
work is ordered there must first be a resolution
of intention passed, published and posted. It
must be followed by an order for the work,
etc-, and the object of all these proceedings
is to give the property-owner timely notice
and an opportunity to be heard.
Under the order now being discussed no
resolution of intention needs to be passed by
the board, and the Superintendent of Streets
receives greater power than the board itself
possesses. His order deprives the people of the
right of protest, and the board must by law
hear protests and stop work for six months
upon receipt of a protest. In granting the
Ptreet Superintendent greater power than it
possesses the board has passed an illegal order
and one against public interest.
The section mentioned reads as follows:
"Whenever the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares shall deem it
necessary, for the public good'or convenience,
to order the improvement of the roadway or
sidewalks of any public street, lane, alley,
place or court in the City and County of San
Francisco, not accepted by the City, or the re
construction or repair of any sewer already
constructed therein, he shall serve notice in
writing uP°n the owners, tenants or occupants
of the lo»s or portions of lots fronting upon
such street, lane, alley, place or court upon or
in which the above-named improvement, re
construction or repair is required to be made,
Rnd the owner, tenant or occupant of lots or
portions of lots so notified as aforesaid shall,
within five days after receiving such notice,
commence such improvement, reconstruction
or repair, and prosecute the same diligently
until completion.''
It is claimed that the order is essentially the
same as section 13 of the act of 1885. l'f so,
there was no need of passing it to make such
section operative in San Francisco, as the act
is a general one and applies in all municipali
ties in the State. But there is a great differ
ence between the order and section 13, as the
latter begins as follows: "When any portion of
any street, avenue, lane, alley, court or place
in said .city improved, or any sidewalk con
structed thereon shall be out of repair or need
ing reconstruction and in condition to en
danger persons or property passing thereon,
or in condition to interfere with the public
convenience in the use thereof, it shall be the
duty of the Superintendent of Streets to require
by notice in writing to be delivered, etc., etc."
This section provides for work to be done on
streets which have been improved but not ac
cepted, and further, only provides for repairs.
No comment is needed. Under the law also,
as provided further on in the section, the
Street Superintendent must describe fully the
character and amount of work to be done and
tne materials and workmanship. On these
points the order is silent.
Subdivision 2 of the order unaer discussion
provides for the granting of permits for pri
vate contracts, but neglects to mention specifi
cations for the work or whether the work will
be accepted by the board or any official.
My former report of November, 1895, men
tioned the evils of private contracts as carried
out generally, bo it is not necessary to mention
some features. It is well to say, however, that
unless the work is performed in accordance
with specifications governing public work,
that a great injustice is done taxpayers.
Every man who pays for street work expects
to have the street accepted by the City, and it
is only right that the City officials see ton
that the work is done to the proper standard
and under their supervision. It is not right to
expect the taxpayers to maintain forever
streets which have not been properly con
structed in the first place. This is a matter in
which every resident is interested.
A resolution (No. 14.639) was passed last
Monday to grant permits for private contracts
on certain streets. If the permit was granted
and no provisions made for specifications or
acceptance by the City the property-owners
should take care that they are not being in
jured. Before paying for the work they should
understand where they have placed them
selves by signing the contract.
If the private contract was signed because ot
an order issued by the Street Superintendent
to do the work in five days they cannot be
compelled to pay for the work, for the order
compelling it was void and the contract being
eigned under compulsion was not right. Re
spectfully submitted,
Ernest McCui.locgh.
On Monday the association will send
copies of the following letter to 2000 of the
leading firms of the city :
To the. Merchant* and Taxpayers of San Fran
eitee— Hear Hiw: Your immediate attention
iB respectfully called to the circular letter sent
te you at our request by the Board of Election
Commissioners, requesting you to have some
el your clerki lerve v official clerks at tne
approaching election, for which they will be
duly compensated by the City.
The coming gem-ml election on November 3
is of special significance to the present and
future of our ( ity. Tne question of the adop
tion of a new charter for San Francisco will
then be decided. It is therefore highly im
portant that competent and reliable clerks
and watchers be stationed in the election pre
cincts, so as to insure a correct and prompt
couiit of the ballots cast. This association has
arranged to co-operate with the Board of Elec
tion Commissioners in providing as many as
possible of the election clerks from the clerical
lorce of the business community.
You are, therefore, earnestly and urgently
requested to have one or more of your clerks
serve in that capacity; and fill out the election
blanks sent to you by the flection Commis
sioners. If you have already done so, please
send duplicates of the same immediately to
this office. If you have not yet complied with
the request of the Election Commissioners,
please ao so at once and torward duplicates to
this office.
Any further information that you may desire
will be cheerfully furnished in person or by
letter upon application to the oflice of the
Merchants' Association.
You are, no doubt, aware that at the last
election grave frauds worn perpetrated at the
ballot-box, which this association will en
deavor to prevent. For this, as well as the
foregoing reasons, we hope that you will give
this very important matter your prompt atten
tion.
LATE SPORTING NEWS.
Boxing Tournament of the Acme Club.
Trap-Shooting Contests.
A bantam-weight boxing tournament
for the championship of the Pacific Coast
will be held in the Oakland Athletic Club
gymnasium on Tuesday evening next.
An excellent programme has been ar
ranged for the occasion, which consists
of wrestling matches between Harry Gel
der, the champion feather-weight, and R.
Wixon of the lightweight class. In all
probability J. M. Whelan will be matched
to box an unknown at K>~) pounds.
It is amusing to note the many chal
lenges that are now being hurled at Cor
bett by fighters who have long since been
declared past numbers. Every pugilist
whose hide is saturated with bad liquor
is now looking for notoriety, and the
sooner those broken-down pugs depart for
the happy lands of Jordan the better it
will be for the sport of fisticuffs.
A meeting of novices in the art of blue
rock shooting was held in Alamc-da
Wednesday evening, June 24, for the pur
pose of effecting the organization of a club
to encourage outdoor sport and to give the
members a.n opportunity of shooting in
animate targets at a minimum of cost.
The name "Encinal Gun Club" was
adopted, and the following officers elected:
H. A. Hoy. v , president; J. J. Knight, vice
president; L. A. Hagy, secretary; H. Bet
ten, treasurer; F. Schultz, captain; direc
tors — J. Cummings, William Murdock, G.
W. Lewis.
Monthly shoots will be held at Birds
Point and prizes will be given to members
making the best scores." The club starts
with twenty charter members.
After the regular shoot of the Empire
Club, wnich will be held to-morrow after
noon at the Empire grounds, Alameda, a
fifty-bird open race will take place. The
entrance fee is $2 50 and splendid prizes
are offered.
■\Vork has been commenced on the exca
vations for the Acme Athletic Club's new
home on the north side of Eleventh street,
near Broadway, Oakland. The building
wili be a handsome one on the Venetian
order, with a front of pressed brick and
stone. In the basement will be a large
swimming-tank. A room for the wheel
men will also be provided. On tne second
floor offices will be arranged, while on the
third floor a magnificent gymnasium will
be constructed. It is expected that tne
building will be ready for occupancy in
October.
De Witt Van Court, tne boxing in
structor who was recently discharged
from tbe Acme CluD, has been engaged
by the Reliance Club, and will commence
giving instructions in boxing to the mem
bers on the Ist of July.
Professor Ai Lean, who is wrestling in
structor of the Reliance Club, was severely
injured by a weight falling on this back
while training for the Caledonia games.
Lean is sufficiently recovered to go to
work, and is once again teaching his pupils
how to wrestle.
NEW MUNICIPAL BUILDING
Drillroom to Be Located
in the Base
ment.
Other Changes Recommended by
the Commitcte of tbe
Supervisors.
Important changes will be made in the
plans for the new municipal building to
be erected on the old City Hall site. Chief
of Police Crowley and Architect Frank
Shea were heard yesterday forenoon at a
meeting of the Municipal Building Com
mittee of the Board of Supervisors.
The subject of locating the drillroom
and the dormitories for the police on the
basement floor was discussed in tne pres
ence of Supervisors Benjamin, Wagner,
Hirsch and King.
It appeared from the discussion that the
driilroom. if located on the UDper floor,
would interfere with the business of the
courts and the departments below, as it
would be impossible to entirely deaden
the sound of a large body of men drilling.
It was argued that the vibration would
cause damage to the buildin -, notwith
standing all precautions, while the location
of the prison in the basement would be
undesirable by reason of the odor arising
from the kitchen.
The location of the prison on the upper
floor would allow of proper ventilation and
be an advantage to the safe keeping of the
persons therein confined, while the loca
tion of the drillroom and dormitories in
the basement would permit the force to be
ready for immediate service, which would
not be the case if located on the upper
floor.
The Chief of Police informed the com
mittee that in the municipal building of
Philadelphia the prison was located on the
upper floor and in his opinion it was &
good idea and worthy of trial.
Mr. Shea told the committee that it
would take fotir weeks' time to prepare
proper plans and specifications. In order
to carry out the intention of the board and
the wishes of property-owners he would
work day and night to complete the task.
As the buildings to be erected are for
the police and several departments and
also for a public Morsue and must be let
in one contract, bidders must specify a
sum for which the same can be con
structed. ■ It was the expressed intention
of the architect to have the buildings com
pleted in ten months' time from the day
of signing the contract.
The committee decided to recommend
that the Board of Supervisors should at
once direct the architects to make the
changes in the plans as above suggested.
The new plans may also contain a more
spacious and convenient entrance on Mer
chant street, as business men nnd otherj
east of Kearny street and south of Wash
ington will prefer to enter the hall on
Merchant street rather than walk around
to Kearny and Washington streets.
A JAUNTING PARTY
A Straw-Ride to the Cliff to
Celebrate a Birthday
Anniversary.
A Btraw-ride to the Cliff was given to Miss
Josie V. McCarthy on Tuesday evening, it
being the anniversary of her birth. The par
ticipants were: Miss Josie V. McCarthy, Miss
Emily Nicoll. Miss Annie McCarthy, Miss Mag
gie Delury, Miss Varnie Tunney. Miss Annie
O'C'onneli, W. Anderson, J. Blodes, T. Flynn,
L. Bideman, C. Flanagan, L. Hatfield, G. Gott
lieb and Miss Kitty McCarthy.
Thomas Slater has a message for every man on
page 30. Don't fail to read it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JUNE 28, 1896.
r ■-..-■ y>cv >^< w!r xuTllßnfiY vh 39- >^ xy^ ill
) f LACE Tf?s3i?J<?}'
j| CURTAINS iffjf^
4 The knife that ////// } £fh N
•{ .scalps prices has I /Llx\Jr
" been busy in Lace W//c7&hl\
n Curtains this week. )^ c ?^sllmM
W Cash buying: and di- fv^vr // nHj
1]" rect importing make jp'~*M//'j\ ifj
U these prices possi- }' t==sf§^yAJjj
« ble. Bargain won- |a«==sl|\^./f? (
'1 " ders every one of
v them.
f To-day we place on special sale 3200 pair ol
i NOTTINGHAM. LACE CURTAINS in white
1 and ecru. You can buy for rive days at these
•§ prices. New Curtains for house-cleaning. Bona
\I t fide reductions.
■ 3 yards by 36 Inches— Regular 60c,
1 i v This week 45c pair.
?3 yards by 45 Inches— Regular SSc,
F This week 630 pair.
i3V_ yards by 45 inches— Regular $1 25,
J £ This week 95c pair.
•• 0 ai /s yards by 58 Inches-Regular $1 50,
1 T f This week $1 10 pair.
13% yards by 60 inches— Regular $1 75,
! I This week $1 25 pair.
■9 § 3y 2 yards by 60 Inches— Regular ¥-' 00,
]| F 'J his week *1 65 pair.
,i i IRISH POINT CURTAIXS-In ecru
5 Z only, 3i' 2 yards by 50 inches. These
' f F are the *3 50 kind. At Hale's Cur- (JJjO.BS
} tain sale this week tjpA
1 ■•>■ :«■'._ .
[BUNTING FOR THE FOURTH.
1 i
It f Hales are headquarters _ t^ < N _
I I fsr Bunting;. Uncle Sam's vit*v_i
I 1 agents for the Red, White )|SS_M;
i I • and Blue. All kinds and /\q&K
I I t never so cheap before. JffSKSsSjV
I I stripes all over. .Stars fd^g^^tii
I iall over. Stripes and fflfTCf^J'iv He
* stars. Flags at almost i$S_W_J&
I f f any price. PEOPLE IN rfwJRPfcV
I IHE COUNTRY had bet- u "^S4gEgg~?
Iter order early. .Show '•"
your Yankee^ blood or American breeding.
! ) I Decorate your house, your horse and your hat.
iii COTTON BUNTING, % yard wide, all CC
5V kinds. Forthe Fourth O
X Yard
X COTTON BUNTING, % yard wide, a QIC
%W little better. Special O3
J^ Yard
jL RED, WHITE AND blue ribbon—
%M A full line for the Fourth. Fix things 1 (11C
_jK up for your Uncle Sam's birthday. _._•>
C* Our prices are from 35c to Yard
O / [INCORPORATED]
V 937-945 Market Street,
O Nan FKANCISCO.
AMADOR COUNTY'S
MINING ACTIVITY
Work Is Resumed on a
Mine Which Has Paid
Handsomely.
UNION CONSOLIDATED.
Immense Bodies of Ore of a
Paying Quality in
Sight.
A PERFECTLY IQTJIPPEP MINE.
They Are Now Sinking the Shaft to a
Depth of One Thousand
Feet.
Amador County is advancing rapidly to
the first place among the gold-producing
sections of the State, and, singular as it
may seem, this section of the great gold
belt, though having yielded millions of
dollars' worth of the precious metal, is still
in its infancy as a quartz-mining region.
In the early fifties, and up to within a
recent period, the miners of Amador
County confined their operations to placer
mining principally, and not until the now
famous Kennedy and Zeile mines aston
ished the mining experts of this ana
European countrirs, did the people of
Amador realize tnat within its confines
was more wealth contained than its most
visionary citizen ever dreamed of.
Then commenced a system of deep min
ing which is developing this class of prop
erty not only on the mother lode, but in
some instances miles away from the parent
lode.
One of the remarkable instances of that
fact is the Union Consolidated, formerly
known as the Clinton Consolidated. Ttiis
property is situated eight miles southeast
from Jackson, toward the Volcano district.
Some years ago more than a quarter of
a million dollars' worth of gold was taken
from this mine, although at that time it
ha i not reached the 300 level. Re
cently the mine has been purchased by
practical mining men and material addi
tions to the working capacity of the plant
has been the result.
During the period that the property re
mained idle water filled the shaft to the
200-foot level, and as the main shaft is
down to a distance of 330 feet it required
some expenditure to relieve the shaft;
but, with the perfect pumping appliances
now in use, as large as any on the coast, it
only required ten days to get the mine in
vorKing order.
A tunnel 1400 feet in length taps the
shaft at the 200-foot level, and at the
level of 300 feet two drifts, one of 210 and
one of 280 feet, extend on either side of
the shaft, and an immense body of ore is
in sight, ore which has averaged from $13
to $10 per ton.
When the n<ain tunnel reaches the shaft
at a depth of 200 feet it is the intention of
the company to pump all water from the
lower levels into this tunnel and thereby
send the surplus water about 1500 feet
NOTIONS.
Our Summer equipment in No-
tions takes in about everything
worthy in the Notion line. Just
the things you want for this
week.
1 BONA FIDE RKDUCTIONS THIS
WEEK IN MILLINKRY TRIMMINGS.
All new summer of '96 novelties. Buckles,
Hat Pins, Aigrettes. Birds, Jewels, Butter-
flies, Wines, etc., at Vs price. 35c articles
for 'JOe; 125 c reduced to 18c; 65c reduced to
45c; 40c reduced tv 25c; $125 reduced to
90c. We eunrantee those reductions. Come
early for full assortment.
We carry full line of JAPANESE BA9-
KKTS. Just the thing to make your sum-
mer trip with. All sizes. Prices from 20c
up. In the Bazaar.
OUR BAZAAR.
Our Big Basement Bazaar shows all the
picnic necessaries— Lunch Cans. Baskeis.
etc. Complete assortment of stationer*- and i
Toilet Articles, Toys. Books and frames.
All at prices to correspond with our reputa-
tion as pricemaKers.
LADIES' AND GENTS' FURNISHINGS.
GENTS' FLANNELETTE AND GENTS' NIGHTSHIRTS— Heavy Mnslin AQO LADIES' LISLE THREAD VESTS.
COTTON CHEVIOT OVER- ACC and fancy trimmed collar and cuffs, ttO L. S, N. S. Fancy ribbed. "I QIC
bHIRTS— Dark colors, well made, plenty big. special this week Each Pink and blue. An offer for a J-^.2
Taiue 75c. Spec! ■! this week.... Each ; : .H;;"^ ; week Each
GENTS' LAUNDERED SHIRTS— INFANTS' LAWN BONNETS— The dear- LADIES' SILK VESTS— L. N.,
H«avy muslin, re-enforcea back KQC est little things you ever saw. Prettily QQC N. S., Swiss ribbed, cream color, QCC
j and front, 75c kind. Special this Ou trimmed. Made for 75cselllng. Special DO sizes 2, 3 and 4, Will be closed --«-'
week Each this week Each out this wees. Special at Each
mm~- •» —mm mm ■-«»•■-«»» -mm- -*^ —mm 01 "~^2? — ' m^ m T' "S J 3* ~~?£ "*5 "^S~ **
from the shaft. The equipment of this
mine is most thorough. The hoisting en
gine, of the most, improved pattern, is
from the Risdon Iron Works, while the
pumping engine is an Erie.
Both of these are operated by water ob
tained from the Volcano ditch, but a short
distance away. This water is afterward
utilized to furnish power for the air com
pressor, thus economizing as far as is
practical. The nir compressor, thus set
in motion by the surplus waste of water
from the main shaft, is capable of running
three machine drills. These drills have
been started, and work in sinking will not
stop until tbe 1000 level has been reached.
Over |500,C00 has been expended in the
Union, but that is a smaii sum compara
tively with what is in sight. There is
now a thirty-stamp mill in operation and
another of like capacity will be erected
soon. This fact alone bespeaks an im
plicit faith in the future of the Union, so
far as the company is concerned. With
sixty stamps from 140 to 200 tons of ore
may be crushed daily.
The nine-inch pump, connected with a
twelve-inch column, is capable of keeping
the mine dry unuer any circumstances.
It is run by a ten-foot Pelton water-wheel
fed from the ditch with a fall of 19<i feet.
Thirty-five men are now at work in the
Union, and there is no doubt but that
double that number will soon be needed.
As an illustration of the faith of the
stockholders in this mine, one has but to
look at the perfect equipments and the
commodious quarters designed for the
comfort of the employes. The superin
tendent's residence, in close proximity
to the main works, is a substantial and
cozy home, presided over by one of the
women who make men's fortunes.
Then there are tenement-houses fitted
up with a view toward the comfort and
convenience of the married operatives and
a large and convenient boarding-hou?e
capable of accommodating sixty men for
the single ones.
The Union Consolidated Company owns
800 acres of patented land, and the ledge
now itl sight is not the only one which in
all probability will be struck, as another
tunnel is being pushed in another direc
tion with every prospect of running into
a new body of pay ore.
It is these vast bodies of low-grade ore,
almost limitless and always paying, which
are fast acquiring for Amador County a
reputation which miiiht be envied by any
mining section in the world.
A chlorination works, a timber-yard, ad
joining tlib shaft building, and a large
blacksmith-shop completes as fine an
equipment as could be required lor the
successful operation of any mine in the
State.
WIDOWS ARE HIS BANE.
Edward BartHch Arrested on a Charge
of Insanity and Released on His
Own Recognizance.
Edward Bartsch, manager of the Kirk
wood Hard Rubber Company, was ar
rested yesterday morning charged with
being Insane. He was taken before Judge
liebbard and his examination was con
tinued till to-morrow morning. Attorney
Davis later procured his release by Judge
Slack on his own recognizance.
Bartsch declares that the charge of in
sanity is simply a continuation of a sys
tem of persecution to which he had for
years been subjected from Mrs. A. L.
Childs, a widow of Sacramento.
"In 1889," said Bartsch, "I entered into
partnership with Jacob Hoehn of Sacra
mento for the manufacture of a patent,
Hoetin paying in $5000 for a half interest.
Hoehn died in IMW and his widow sold
one-half of her interest to Mrs. Ghilds for
$XOOO. The business did not pay and Mrs.
Hoehn put into it the $3000 she received
from Mrs. Childs. Then Mrs. Childs sued
Mrs. Hoen in Judge Catlin's court for the
$3000 and judgment was given against
her. Since tlien she has been trying to
injure me in every possible way.
"I have been unfortunate with widows.
I married one and soon found I had made
a great mi stake. Then I had one as a
partner and she took in another one into
the business by selling her a half interest
and she is doing all she can to ruin me." '
SPECIALS.
r~~~~77~ ~ The I2V3C kind — un- (TIC
CANTON beachea— 3o Inch— very I 3
FLANNEL heavy— Special... ■ Yard
1 ~ Plain colors— r egu 1 a r 71c
COTTON l_%c quality— Special 13
CKEPON Yard
_____ __________________
Regular 18c— 2 yards
BLEACHED wide— no dressing. We "I QC
SIIKETING will sellout 10 yards to i-O
■ a customer. Special Yard
You'd pay 4 5c— bleached QQC
TABLE —58 inches wide: all OO
DAMASK linen. Special Yard
85c Napkin— size— /'QO
itliKA KED all linen. Special Ot/
NAPK N ■-... Doz
Linen finish — warranted I
BIACHINK 3 cord— so yds to spool | 9C
THREAD —White and Black: sizes A
25,30,35. special I Spool
~ An inch thick— for pen- /|C
SCHOOL ell use. Special rt
TABLETS ■ Each
. Stock t— "Hale" QC
DRESS Brand— wash O.K.— Nos. .O
SHIELDS 1 and 2. s D cml Pair
Mostly shell color, waved 1 f\O
lIAIK —3 to 3y 2 inches lbi.g. 1U
PINS Special Doz
Colored glass— metal
SOAP stand— hang on :he wall. 1 CC
DISHES Uoarding-house keepers I -L O
Supply your roomers | Each
Buy a pair for the fourth
of July outing— heavy
SILK stitched backs — colors IQC
GLOVES Tans, Slates and Black— 1 O
S.zess%toB Pair
Ruffle thU with Chiffon ~~
and you have a $2 col-
j LACE lart-:te. A big chance ore
COLLARS for Itnlustrious workers: AO
Butlorcoior. special — Each
NEWS OF WOMEN
AND POLITICS
Chautauqua Gives Suffrage
a Day at Pacific
Grove.
MANY LADIES TO SPEAK
Rev. Anna Shaw Has Planned
Out a Lively Two Months'
Campaign.
M'GOWAN WILL GO ON STTJMP.
The Story of Hew Indomitabla Suf
fragists Got a Big Audience
at Fortuna.
There was rejoicing at the Suffrage
headquarters yesterday over the brilliant
success of Friday's ratification meeting in
Metropolitan Temple.
"The audience was more than half men,
and that was unprecedented at a woman's
suffrage meeting," said Miss Susan B.
Anthony. "That very fact shows that the
men are interested. They have been
largely helped to become so by seeing a
paper of the standing of The Call come
out for suffrage."
Miss Anna Shaw left yesterday after
noon for Santa Barbara, where she will
rest for a week and be the guest of Dr. Ida
Stanback. One week's rest is all she in
tends to allow herself. At the end of that
time she will go to speak on the 11th and
13th of July at the Chautauqua meeting at
Oregon City, and on tne Sunday between
those two dates she will preach at Port
land.
From Oregon Miss Shaw will visit a
number of Chautauqua meetings, prin
cipally in the East and the Middle West,
lecturing at all of them. Toward tne
middle of August, she will turn her face
westward again and will reach Boise City,
Idaho, in time for the Republican State
Nominating Convention, when the women
will hold a State Suffrage campaign, sim
ultaneously with the men'r* convention.
At Boise City Miss Shaw will be joined by
Mrs. Carrie Chapman Catt of New York
and after the convention sne will come
back at once to California, to plunge into
the campaign work in September.
The Ciautauquans at Pacific Grove have
oflered the California suffragists a whole
day during the coming meetings, and July
17 has been chosen. Among the speakers
on that occasion will be: Miss Susan B.
Anthony. Mrs. A. A. Sargent, Mrs. E. O.
Smith of Ban Jose and Miss Mary G. Hay.
There will be three sessions during the
day. and it is expected that a good deal of
enthusiasm will be stirred up, which will
result in votes for the amendment. On
the 20th Miss Anthony will lecture, and
on the 2lst, Miss Shaw, who expects to
pay a visit to Pacific Grove, will also be
heard.
Miss Yates, another of the Eastern lec
turers, bade farewell to her friends at the
DRESSJjOODS
1 The Summer Dress Stuffs talk
: with no uncertain sound. There's
1 a money-saving: argument in
every yard of these— just about
loom prices.
FANCY FIGURED SILK, A TWO- OKC
1 toned novelty, 19 inches wide, all AO
light colors for linings. Special.. Yard
1 A MISCELLANEOUS LOT OP
FANCY SILKS, including Ben-
galines. Crystals, fancy chancre- QKC
able Surahs and plain Brocades. OO
Special Yard
! SEVENTY - FIVE -CENT TAF- rrvc
JKETA, fancy two-toned effects, O\J
19- inch, all good colors. Special. Yard
ALL-WOOL CHECK SUITINGS, 1 CC
32 Inches wide. Here's a buzzer. 1 O
Special Yard
ALI.-WOOL CHEVIOT, 35c kind,
37 inches wide, all staple spring O?IC
colorings, come in and inspect AO
this. Special Yard
SEVENTY-FIVE-CENT FRENCH
NOVELTY SUITINGS, tbU sea-
son's stuffs, all wool unJ silk nd
w 001, 38 to 42 inches wide. About f^QC
wha: it cost, to raise the sheep. OO
: Special Yard
headquarters yesterday. Slie leaves for |
the East to-morrow. Miss Harriet Mills
is stfll lecturing in Humboldt County and
expects to stir up a suffrage wave in Del
Norte County before September. Miss
Anthony will remain here all summer,
with occasional trips to interior towns.
To-day she speaks at Mill Valley.
Mrs. Smith, an ardent suffragist, arrived
here yesterday from Humboldt County.
She says that the way in which the men,
especially the young men, attended Miss
Shaw's lectureswas something quite re
markable. "For one thing, people ad
mired Miss Sliaw's pluck," she said.
"There was one occasion that was a good
deal cited. Through some mistake in the
date, when Miss Shaw and the other speak
ers arrived at Fortuna they found no one
to welcome them and no hall taken fox
them to lecture in. Did they give up?
Not a bit of it. They took a hall right
away and hired a boy to go round with a
bell, calling 'Woman's suffrage meeting
to-night!' The hall was crowded and
Fortuna got suffrage before the lecturers
left."
Senator McGowan of Hnmboldt County
has announced his intention ol stumping
the State for suffrage this fall, however
the fortunes of politics may treat him per
sonally.
ELECTRIC RAILWAYCARS
Fourth and Towmcnd Line to Connect
With the Ellis-Street
System.
Next Monday the Market-street Railway
Company will begin some important work
of railway construction. The old Fourth
street line will be reopened as an electric
road and operated in connection with the
Ellis-street lines.
In accordance with law the following
official communication was tiled in the
office of the Board of Supervisors yester
day:
Notice is hereby given that on Monday, the
29th day of June, 1896, the Market-street Rail
way Company intends to and will commence
the work of reconstructing its railroad trucks
on Townsend street, from, at or near Third
street, to Fourth street, and on Fourth street
from Townsend street to and across Market
street to a connection with its tracks on Ellis
street, in the City and County of San Fian
cisco.
The locality of said work is as above stated,
and the character of said work is the coustruc
tion of a double-track electric street railroad
between the points aforesaid and the erection
of poles and wires to be used in connection
therewith.
In witness whereof I have hereunto set my
hand and thes-'cal of the Market-street Railway
I Company on the '27th day of June, 1896.
J. L. Wii.cutt,
Secretary Market-street Railway Company.
Dnring the reconstruction of the Fourth
street line, the Howard-street cara will
transfer to the Fitth and Sixth street lines,
and transferring to the Kentucky-street
__ _r _rv _: r _rf * _n _p_ _r_ %■_. <*% _■_ ft
Boys' and $35 a IT a
Misses' ! $40 j^^^ B V/^^
Wheels $50
:!', CASH OR INSTALLMENTS.
CLEVELAND— Stands for all that can be desired in the Highest Grade Bicycles. Trice 100,
CRESCENT-Stands for the best $75 Bicycle In the Market. :
:•.•............... .................:.. Second $15
•Our High Art Bicycles, '96 : m_| * <fr*\)
': Model, at $47.50. are ADprect-i 11-1110 $25
: ated and Selling: Rapidly. • \\/|-| t $30
1.:........ ...:..."...;:.-.. ' i Wiieels i^c
LEAVITT & BILL,
303 Larkin Street, San Francisco, or 1 1 1 Broadway/Oakland.
<§» OUTING T
fjjk SUITS. |
/-YA&)'Ui Don't miss a trip J
iAA MTV to the seashore or a ■
\JSj££2L/ conntry because I
*" ff Vi« you've no dress j
%\\\(i . Y'hs suitable. Step into • •
'/'/'/I X" one here. Pay about l
-4I I. v half its fair worth,
have it altered to fit and you're ready m
to start. ~'~ '{/^
25 LADIES' BROWN MIXED DUCK * •
SUlTS— Blazer Jacket with strap, <
very full skirt, sizes 34 to 40. A
swell thing and worth yoar inspec- ffl»9-»0
tion. A summer girl's garment at «U>*i — T • •
a Fourth of July price _acn |
40 LADIES' WHITE UUCK SUITS-
The nobbiest suit of the season.
Blazer effect, sizes 32 toll*. Here a ■■ "
1 your chance, ye wanderers. .Come 02 V' s
and look and buy. Cheap at $3 50. «JP— ; — -
Fourth of July price ..: ( --*en
30 LADIES' MIXED SUITS- Blazer m ■
effects, jacket fancy silk lined, skirt
5 yards wide and bound with velvet.
You'd expect to pay $10. A vac*- C£7 i
tion opportunity and a Fourth of HP ■ — - «
July price. — • Eaca |
25 LADIES' BLACK SERGE SKIRTS, J
51/2 yards wide, thoroughly lined . | |
and velvet bound. The maker made ©JyOO I a
too many or they would be $7 50. iiD*J — - ]
However, our Fourth of July price la .bach
25 LADIES' FANCi' MIXED SUITS. • •
Blazer effects and the cutest little / ' w
pearl buttons imaginable. ', Then It's
well lined and bound. The skirt is 1
By 2 yards wiae and the sizes are 34 C A
to 40. They ought to be $15. Never CM fY SO ■■
mind how we got 'em. The Fourth «■£ J-V/
of July price Is .: •• Each 11
18 LADIES' SUITS— Jn Tan Kersey, .
box coat, skirt 5Vi yards wide, lined . *
throughout and velvet bound, jacket ' ••
lined with fancy silk, velvet collar,
blu pearl buttons, sizes 32 to 40. y 3 ©1 (i«SO II
less than they ought to be. Fourth «JP-LU ||
of July price Each \
_-j^ - Order your Vaca* <
V H_*3teT». tion an< * Fourtn ?'■■-
■£_S^tfj»S^S. July things by mail.
Experienced help to *%jr
t Order your and 1 1
tion and Fourth of M
July things by mail.
Experienced help to y
represent you and %%
, iJA^^ / _^r/ satisfaction guaran- {p
5 teed. Write early J\.
I^^A^pPftfor Bunting and -j
«I_/^' Fourth of July Rib- J
bon. • . •:
I (INCORPORATED] V
; 937-945 Market Street, V
SAN FRANCISCO. O
and Ellis-street lines from the Fourth*
street cars will be suspended.
TO SAVE CITY LOTS.
3layor Sutro Advises That a Cortect
Survey Be Made at Once.
Mayor Sutro has sent a communication
to the Board of Supervisors stating that
the records of the Surveyor's office show
that in block 6, New Potrero, there are
some City lots. According to a diagram
sent to the Mayor's office at the request of
the acting Mayor, C. L. Taylor, the west
ern boundary of such lots intersects the
northern line of Fifteenth street. It fur
ther appears that on the easterly side of
Harrison street a Drivate owner or claim
ant has erected a fence inclosing a yard.
It is suggested that the City and County
Surveyor should at once be directed to
make a correct survey to protect the City
interests.
Richard Cunningham's Estate.
Judge Black yesterday issued letters of ad
ministration to Alice I. Cunningham in the
estate of Richard Cunningham, which is worth
$5760.
NEW TODAY.
THINGS ARE
WARMING UP.
FIREWORKS!
We put up Assorted Boxes - for Chil-
il re ii, including Firecrackers, Torpe-
does, etc., for $1, «■: and $3.
.We make a specialty .of Lawn Dig-
plays— assortments for $5, 88, 812, ■ *2O
and upward.
Special Designs, Portraits and sugges-
tive effects in Fireworks made to order.
CALIFORNIA FIREWORKS CO.
Salesroom 219 Front Street,
Upstairs,
BET. SACRAMENTO AND CALIFORNIA.
Telephone No. Front 38.