VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 99.
NERVOUSNESS OF
GREAT NATIONS.
It Is Typified in the Wild
Agitation Over Italy's
Disaster.
CRISPI CANNOT RETURN
Neither Can Di Rudini Become
Premier, for His Policy Is
Opposed by the King.
HUMBERT IS NOT FOR PEACE.
Meanwhile the Powers Keenly Watch
Events and Await the
Outcome.
ICorjTight, 3596, by the New York Times.]
LONDON, Eng., March 7.— For months
international affairs have been growing
more and more unsettled here in Europe,
i^nd now Italy's tragic misadventure has
thrown them altogether out of balance. If
the battle of Adowah had been fought on
the slope of the Alps it could hardly have
wrought more blind confusion and diplo
matic panic. No nation feels that it stands
where it stood last week, but there the
knowledge ends. No one can tell what
new combinations may ercerce when order
subdues chaos again. Italy itself in its
wild agitation typifies the nervous con
vulsion which has set all its neighbors
shaking. It is not merely a bad defeat
upon the Tiper highlands of Nubia that
lias nurled Crispi from power and brought
mobs out into the streets of fifty Italian
cities and turned the Italian Parliament
into bedlam. At another time such, a
disaster might have passed with little
notice. It came, however, at a moment
when the public mind there as elsewhere
had grown saturated with apprehensions
of it hardly knew what, and thus coming
it promptly produced a crash.
"Whatever happens, it seems clear that
Orispi cannot come back. The earnest ob
server in Rome reflects the belief that no
body can succed him and hold his place
who does not agree to make peace with
Heoelik and withdraw the Italian, forces
to the portion of the Red Sea littoral about
which there is no dispute with him. This
is understood to be di Rudini's policy, but
for that } fj .rea,spo it appears that di
Kuu"h»-rVa\fiOi, .sruier. because King
Humbert has declared that he will aodi
cate rather than consent to take such a
step.
Thus the problem shifts round to the
contest between Italy and the Savoy
dynasty, and all those manifold prophecies
of the overthrow of the monarchy which
were rife two years ago are clamoring in
the air again. It is too soon to listen much
tp them, but it is plain enough th*t the
situation may easily come to that. There
l? a sinister signiheance in the fact that
those German papers which speak for the
German Foreign Office all urge Italy not
to hesitate for a moment, but to redouble
her energies to wipe out this blot on her
prestige, and conquer Abyssinia at all
hazards.
The Austrian official press reports this
advice in a rather vague, halting way, but
from Germany it conies urgently and with
out reservation. I say that tuis is signifi
cant, because it shows plainly what these
dispatches have long been insisting on,
that Germany no longer relies on the
Triple Alliance and no longer has a dircet
interest in Italy's conserving her strength
for possible European action. Her one
interest in Italy is now to keep her em
broiled with France, which is what the
Abyssinian adventure does, and thus let
these two Latin nations neutralize each
other, while Germany and Russia pursue
the projects of their new partnership un
disturbed.
Some perception of this treachery is in
every Italian mind, and more than any
question of African conquest it has aroused
the Italian popular passion wave of indig
nation, under which Crispi had gone down
and even the throne is shaken. It is. really
directed toward Germany and the mockery
of the German alliance. If the statesmen
who are now controlling France, and they
seem by happy fate to be statesmen, have
the genius to rise to the occasion, they
can undo now in a week all that the Triple
Alliance has done for the past seventeen
years.
England has a palpitating concern in
the possibility of such a combination as
that of the British. French and Italians in
a West European league and is fondly
tempted to hope that Austria might be
brought into it as well. There is. at least,
the suspicious omen that the Emperor of
Austria this week has broken the tradition
by which no ally of the German Kaiser
met a French President, and it is also a
hopeful sign that in Faure's progress
through the south of France Bourgeois
has seen him cheered as loudly as he, and
that the President has gone out of his way
to sliow his joy in the fact.
Although voluminous enough, to-day's
London press comment on the Venezuelan
blue book may hardly becalled important.
Most of the papers take it for granted that
England has made an exceptionally pow
erful case, and assume that when the
Americans perceive its unanswerable
strength they will at once admit that they
are surprised and hasten to advise Vene
zuela to give in. The Daily Chronicle
alone shows a comprehensive knowledge
of the details involved, and consequently
alone criticizes the report rather sharply
as a piece of smart, lawyer-Use case mak
ing, which skillfully ignores or glides over
'iiflicult spots and lays street on the points
favoring its own side.
The Chronicle, moreover, pressed the
legitimate party point against Lord Salis
bury that he is now revealed as willing to
subscribe to a treaty of arbitration, which
ten years ago, on succeeding Granville at
the Foreign Office, he deliberately tore up,
but after all, the main thing is that the
English have at last made an official state
ment of their case, so that the two Gov
The San Francisco Call.
ernments can apply themselves to the taste
of arranging the settlement for which both
nations have shown sufficiently the desire.
If it had not been for theexcitine Italian
smashup, which more or less directly con
cerns everybody in Europe, the week l s de
velopments in Washington and Madrid
about Cuba would have attracted much
more attention than they have. Sundry
uninformed journalists on the Continent
started at the beginning of the week a tale
that France had begun negotiations with
Spain to lend her the necessary money, or
otherwise support her in Cuban matters,
in return for which the French were to
occupy, with Spain's consent, certain Mor
occo territories and receive guarantees
that Spain would contract no other alli
ances for a given period.
This has been repudiated both in Paris
and Madrid, but the spirit of it still colors
European comment on the subject, while
the reports of warlike preparations and
popular tumult in Spain are much exag
gerated. It is understood that there is
no doubt that Canovas will be overthrown
f he attempts to meet in any way the
terms of the House resolutions, or treat
them as at all open to discussion. At
present thfre is no way in which any other
power could exhibit practical sympathy
with Spain in her dilemma, but if later on
any power is to do this I fancy it will be
Germany rather than France, and cer
tainly not England.
An obscure scuffle has been going on in
side the Liberal party here ever since the
session began about the organization and
leadership, and it seems likely now to come
to the surface in an open skirmish next
week. It is an extremely complicated
fight, having its origin in the period when
Chamberlain was the head of the radical
wing of the party add built up at Birming
ham a national Liberal federation, which
he controlled and used as a club to coerce
Gladstone and the Whigs when he catered
to the Tories* This federation fell into the
bands of the official Liberal and has been
there ever since. Now the Radicals desire
to get hold of it again ana employ it as a
weapon against Rosebery and his subser
vient party machine, but their bark is
much more impressive than their bite.
Much to everybody's surprise Cainpbell-
Bannerman last night gave notice of a
motion to strike out the additional $9000 a
year of pension to the Duke of Cambridge
in the estimates. This is the first time an
ex-Cabinet Minister ever led opposition
to a royal grant. It is true that the pres
ent case is peculiar!}- aggravated, because
Baifour gave a ipecitic pledge August .'SO
that no such pension would be proposed
in addition to the $11,000 which the Duke
already has as colonel of the Grenadier
Guards, and it can hardly be denied that
the Ministry has hroken faith with Parlia
ment, but, all the same, it is felt that
Campbell-Bannerman would hardly thrust
himself into the breach if it were not for
the uncertainty about the Liberal leader
ship, which makes it worth his while to
play a bold move for the chieftainship of
the fighting Radical wing.
There are rumors that further anti-
Healy measures will be proposed at Tues
day's meeting of the Irish party, but the
minority who are tnus threatened profess
ertire i:>d inference. The mystery of j
Davtti's having seconded Dillon's election j
as chairman, after publicly declaring that
he would not vote for him, seems ex
plained by the fact that one of his special
labor agitator pets named McGhee has re
ceived tDe nomination for the South Louth
vacancy.
The convention will be shamelessly
packed by outsiders, and McGhee himself
is one of the lowest types of professional
strike organizers who is not even known
to be a home ruler in politics. Not a tew
of Dillon's better class of supporters in
the party frankly admit the disgust which
is being expressed openly by decent na
tionalists all over Ireland, but I am no
longer sanguine that anything can be done
to save the party from disgraceful ruin.
It has practically a majority now of ig
norant paid heelers who vote as the bosses
command, and a 9 vacancies occur the ma
chine is strong enough to bring in more
creatures of the same sort.
The betrothal of the daughter of the
Due de Chartres to the Due de Magenta,
sDn and heir of the late Marshal Mac-
Mahon, creates more interest than any
other Orieanist marriage for a generation.
It is the first time that the Bourbon roy
alty has entered into relation with the
Bonapartist family, and the spectacle of
an Orleanist Princess wearing a title of the
second empire will, it is foreseen, have a
great effect in the French conservative
politics. Naturally rumors revive of a
combination between Bonapartist and
Orleanist pretenders, but inasmuch as
neither have any dynastic chance which
he could pawn for a $10 bill, interest in the
subject is purely academic.
During the current spasm of enthusiasm
for a big navy frequent reference has been
made in Parliament, and out of it, to some
supposed remark of Wolseley that the
navy was not so important as the English
were disposed to think, and that th 6 army
ought to receive more attention. Lord
Wolseley in a lecture last night disclaimed
this idea, and made a highly rhetorical
jingo speech about the glorious inde
pendence of both services. Incidentally
he eulogized as a grand thing the fact that
in American schools children were brought
up in tLe conviction that they belonged to
the greatest nation in the world, and that
their people were the mightiest people in
the world, and that they were prepared to
fight all creation. This sentiment was
greeted with laughter and cheers by a big
military audience, but its effect in type on
the civic mind is to raise the question
whether the professional fighters on both
sides of the ocean might not with advant
age wear tiehter muzzles.
General Techeverin'a death is discussed
as likely to put an end to the system of
secret police terrorism which he Duilt up
around the person of the late Czar. Very
possibly tlie organization over which he
presided may undergo changes, but as
Russia is moving now it is folly to sup
pose that anything will be liberalized in
any direction, for that makes Techeverin's
activity as protector of the Czar ridiculous
ly exaggerated. He was only nominally
in charge of the lamous imperial branch
of the third section during later years, but
in reality he was the Czar's body com
panion, and in Russia he is popularly
credited with having led him into that
habit of inordinate champagne drinking
from rooming till nieht which not e\en
Alexander Ill's extraordinary physique
could stand.
On the principle of the old paradox that
the ablest lawyers draw up for themselves
the most defective wills, they are laugh
ing at the remarkable blunder made by
Lord Chief Justice Russell, who alone
among the peers forgot that he had to
take the oath at each new Parliament,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY MORNING, MARCH 8, 1896— TWENTY-EIGHT PAGES.
The Genius of Republicanism Comes Forth Armed for the Combat and the
Gangs of Political Corruptionists Take Flight.
and accordingly has been attending ses
sions and incurring penalties of $25(X) a day
for weeks.
Fortuuately there is an indemnity act
for an inadvertence of this sort, so the
fines are not to be exacted. Oddly enough
this act was passed to relieve another
Irishman, Archbishop Lord Plunket, from
the consequence of a similar mistake eight
years ago.
Sir Julian Goldsmith's estate pays a
legacy duty on about $5,000,000. Contrary
to expectations the will leaves extremely
little for charities, but puts a great bulk of
property in trust for his eight daughters,
with the provision that if any of them,
being either a spinster or a childless
widow, marry outside of the Jewish reli
gion she is to forfeit half of her inheri
tance.
The big expenditure on the navy this
year has again dashed the hopes of Eng
lish musicians that they would be able to
secure official abandonment of the silly
English pitch, which is a half tone higher
than the French pitch of the Continent.
Nobody now here defends this idiotic sin
gularity, which dates back to the repair
of the Westminster Abbey organ in 1821
for the coronation of George IV. It has
destroyed by over-strain thousands of
young English voices and has for jears
laid a heavy tax on orchestras,! which
were compelled to have two sets of instru
ments when they were to work with for
eigners.
Now that the Philharmonic Society has
adopted the French pitch the confusion
here is indescribable, but it would cost so
much to altar the instruments of the mili
tary bands that again the War Office has
had to say "no."
By far the largest and finest discovery of
a neolitbvc burial place known to science
is reported from Worms. Over seventy
graves have thus far been opened, and this
is only a fraction of the whole. There is
no trace of metal, but much unique stone,
bone, and shell ornamental work, mostly
in the form of arm rings, of which women
wore four or more on each arm. The
skeletons are remarkably well preserved,
and Virchow exp.-cts notable results from
data of skull measurements which are to
be obtained.
"Shamus O'Brien" at the Opera Comique
had a better popular and critical reception
this week than any other comic opera in
London for years, and this despite the fact
that Irish things are far from being the
fashion here. The music is described as
especially characteristic and charming,
and the sincers, who are chiefly Irish, are
praised on all sides for their admirable
work.
Gilbert & Sullivan's "Grand Duke" will
not take high rank among their produc
tions, perhaps, but Mme. Ilka yon J'almay,
the Hungarian prima donna in the chief
role, has created a great personal furor,
and will probably occupy London's atten
tion for a long time. Habold Frederic.
JtEJUANJ>£J> THE PRISONERS.
Pearl Bryan'* Slayer* ■ Will Boon Be
Taken to Kentucky.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March Judge
Buchwalter this afternoon '•„ examined all
the papers, regular and legal, in the Jack- (
son-Walling case, and at the same time
dismissed the ■ suits ; on ■ habeas - corpus
which had been filed on behalf ■; of % the
prisoners and remanded - them to ; Chief
Archibald, and 'granted a stay of execu
tion until next Saturday," when the matter
Will be heard on error in the Circuit Court.
The prisoners will, therefore, remain in
jail in Hamilton County until next Satur
ay, 1 and ion : that date, March ■ 14, ; . will, if
the habeas corpus proceedings do not ter
minate otherwise, then be taken to Ken-
, tucky by Sheriff Plummer. :^"" •
UNDER HOT FIRE
FOR FOUR HOURS.
Huntington Is Finally Re
leased From Morgan's
Clutches.
SOME HARD QUESTIONS.
Collis Does Not Believe Congress
Has a Right to Forfeit His
Property.
AND DOES NOT THINK IT WILL.
He Explains How $2,000,000 Was Legit
imately Expended in Influencing
Legislation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
hearing of the Senate Committee on Pacific
Railroads was resumed this morning,
with President Huntington of the South
ern Pacific on the stand.
Morgan's examination began with the
subject of transcontinental rates, traffic
agreements, pools, etc., that may have ex
isted between trunk lines east and west.
Huntingtcn said, in answer to further
questions, that the Southern Pacific did
not own and control an uninterrupted line
of road between San Francisco and New
Orleans. The break occurred in the Cali
fornia Pacific. The Southern Pacific might
have a traffic arrangement with that cor
poration. Huntington admitted that he
owned one-fifth or one-sixth of the road,
ana the Stanford and Hopkins estates each
the same amount. Finally, Huntington
admitted that the California Pacific might
be under lease to the Southern Pacific, al
though he had never seen the lease.
Under various agreements of all these
companies, Huntignton said, the Central
Pacitic was given 50 per cent of the whole
business. On all the lines under the con
trol of Huntington the rates on freight, he
said, averaged about 12 mills per mile per
ton. Passenger rates averaged a little less
than 2 cents per mile. Tne people of Cali
fornia, said Huntington, were carried as
cheaply, if not more cheaply, than any
where else where roads were operated un
der similar conditions.
Morgan entered at some length into the
coal suppiy for the Huntington roads, the
examination on this line covering the
mines owned by the Southern Pacific, the
cost of mining and transportation, the
points to which hauled and the price paid
for coal when purchased at other points.
Going back to the traffic arrangement be
tween the roads, and referring again to the
50 per cent of the business given the Cen
tral Pacific, Huntington in reply to a ques
tion why it was given that amount replied
that it was because that road earned it. It
was a good line for through business be
cause it was shorter and more direct; its
local business was not good, as there was a
stretch of 600 miles on which there was no
local business at all.
Morgan asked Huntington if it was not
a fact that the merchants of Los Angeles
complained that they could only get their
freight by paying the charges to San Fran
cisco and back.
Huntington denied this. When the
road was first started, he said, there was
some complaint on this score, owing to
the fact that this had to be done to realize
enough to pay the fixed charges; but
Huntington said he had heard no com
plaints about it for at least twenty years.
There were complaints that the road
charged more for the short than the long
haul. This could not be avoided and the
Interstate Commerce Commission law
granted such authority. It could not be
remedied by the railroads. Tbe long haul
was taken at less rate because it met the
competition of roa.ls between terminal
points and of transportation at tidewater.
"Have you not," Morcan asked, "re
fused to deliver goods along the Southern
Pacific from New Orleans to points north
of Mojave until you hud sent them to San
Francisco and back?"
"I never heard of it."
Huntington called attention to the case
now in the California courts in which the
reduction in rates by the California Rail
road Commissioners was being contested,
and he denied the authority of anybody
to take the property of his company with
out consideration. This was the effect of
the proposed reduction in rates.
"Is not this very complaint that you
ship £oods to San Francisco and back and
charge that extra rate a part of the record
in the suit now pending in the California
courts, and has not the grievance com
plained of continued up to thfs date?"
asked Morgan.
Huntington replied th»t if anch was the
case lie knew nothing of it. He did not
even thiuk Congress had the right to for
feit his property and he did not believe it
would either.
An investigation of the freight rates
brought dut the fact that on California
fruits the Southern Pacific got 54 per cent
of the rate for carrying the freight 435
miles, while the Central Pacific carried
the same good 742 miles for the same per
centage.
In explanation of this Huntintrton said
the Southern Pacific gathered the freight,
iced it and did all the preliminary work.
Huntington said the Southern Pacific
had hauled freight three times as far for 80
rents as the Union Pacific did for $2 25 for
the same amount. Wines and brandies
were carried at a very low rate for the rea
son, Huntington said, that the road was
compelled to compete with the water routes
on those goods.
"For the reason, I suppose," said Mor
gan, "that the longer such goods are in
shipment the better they become?"
"I don't know about that," replied Hun
t.incton, "Some people claim so, but I be
lieve a ride by rail would do them good."
Morgan sought to bring out the fact that
it was the fruit tonnage that created what
he called ti>e monopoly of the Central and
Southern Pacific roads, but Huntington
denied this. The green fruit was an inci
dental part of the annual tonnage, he said.
The great bulk of fruit was dried, pre
served or canned, and could be shipped by
any line, overland or water— speed was not
essential.
The examination was next diverted into
a review of the various construction com
panies and their financial status — all of
which has been gone over heretofore.
Later on it developed that during the
early days of the Central Pacific the most
stock Huntington ever held was 2000
shares. He now owned about 6000 shares,
the difference having come to him when
the Contract and Finance Company set
tled up its business. He never bought any
stock in the market, he said, and all he
owned had been transferred to the South
ern Pacific Company, organized under the
Kentucky laws.
In seeking to ascertain why the Califor
nia Pacific had not been merged into the
Southern Pacific corporation Morgan
asked: "Why did you Keep that road
in the hands of a gang by itself?"
"A what?" ejaculated Huntington, in
unfeigned astonishment.
"A gang Dy itself. That's a Southern
expression you probably don't under
stand," said Morgan.
"No," replied Huntington, "I must say
I did not understand it. I'm glad to hear
your explanation."
"The Southern Pacific is a good prop
erty, isn't it?" asKed Morgan, with a
touch of irony.
"Yes, "retorted Huntington, deliberately
and earnestly, "I think very well of it. It
is a promising property, and will work out
all right in time."
Morgan read some extracts from the
complaint in a suit brought in the Fif
teenth Judicial District of California
by Samuel Brennan and R. O. Ives
against the Central Pacific Railroad
Company, and asked Huntington if those
charges were true.
The answer was that the suit was got up
as a blackmailing scheme, and that some
thing had been got out of Stanford. It
had been hashed and rehashed and pub
lished by a little clique in San Francisco.
The farther examination of Huntington
called out some asperities between Sen
ators Frye and Morgan, which at one
point of the proceedings became exceed
ingly personal.
Frye aaid he was at least entitled to be
treated with politeness.
"You get treated," said Senator Morgan,
"with all the politeness you deserve by
me on all occasions. At the same time
when I am asking a witness questions I
expect him to answer them."
Huntington's examination being con
tinued, he was questioned on the subject
of the Central Pacific Company havinz
spent over $2,000,000 to influence legisla
tion. He replied that he did not regard
that as a large amount considering that
it ran over thirty years and over
more than, that number of legisla
tive bodies. That amount was paid, not
for votes, but for time and services of
men who could talk to Senators and Rep
resentatives in Congress and in State
Legislatures and explain to them the
merits of the proposed legislation touch
ing railroad matters. He declared most
emphatically that he had never paid any
money to anybody directly to influence
his vote. He instanced t lie case of the
London and Northwestern Railway of
England, which had spent £500,000 in get
ting its charter through the English Par
liament, and nobody, he added, supposed
that the company ever bought a vote with
the money.
"If the company did not do so," said
Morgan, "it violated English customs.
We have not got to it yet as a regular
business."
On another Doint, where a question of
ethics was involved, Morgan remarked
that every man must judge that for him
self.
Huntington assented, but added: "Any
body brought up in Connecticut, as I was,
would get the right s.art."
"Yes," said Morgan, "but when he had
lived to be an old man he might be out of
the way."
Huntington rejoined: "I don't know
about that. When I get there I will
judge better."
Then Senator Morgan inquired about
the suit brought against Huntington by
Mrs. Colton and about the 400 or 500 let
ters that had passed between them.
"You are not prepared to deny that they
were all true?" Morgan asked.
"No, I am not prepared to deny that
they were all true," Huntington replied.
He added that when he was in California
four different parties came to him and of
fered to sell those letters to him after they
were stolen out of his sffice, but he refused
to buy them and told the persons offerins
them to take them to the newspapers and
sell them.
Finally, after about four hours spent in
the examination of Huntington, Morgan
allowed him to take his leave as a witness.
The committee adjourned to Friday,
March 13, when it is expected that Messrs.
Clark and Mink, two of the Union Pacific
receivers, will be present for examination.
THAT HYPNOTIC MURDER
New Phase of a Kansas Crime
Which Attracted National
Attention.
Strong Effort to Secure a Pardon for
Anderson Gray, Under Life
Sentence.
WICHITA, Kans.. March 7.— A strong
effort is being made to secure from Gov
ernor Morrill a pardon for Anderson Gray,
who is now serving a life sentence in the
Kansas penitentiary for complicity in the
murder of David Patton at Conway Springs
two years ago.
The case attracted National interest
from the fact that Gray was charged with
having exerted the power of hypnotic sug
gestion over Tom McDonald, and thus
causing him to kill Patton. McDonald
confessed to the murder, and gained his
liberty by testifying that Gray hypnotized
him and then influenced him to io the
deed. McDonald has made an affidavit
that he swore falsely at the trial in Well
ington. He now claims that he killed
Patton of hia own .free will.
Petitions to Governor Morrill and copies'
of this affidavit are being circulated
throughout Kansas. A remonstrance
against the proposed pardon is also being
circulated by Gray's old neighbors at Jef
ferson, O. T., in which he is characterized
as a "huh-handed villain," and the state
ment is made that Gray's son and daugh
ter induced McDonald to make the affi
davit, after convincing him that he could
not twice be put in jeopardy for the same
offense, and giving him a team, wagon
and harness as compensation.
Xew Quarters of thn Booths.
MONTCLAIR, N. J., March 7. — Com
mander and Mrs. Booth will enter their
new headquarters, 116, 117 and 118 Bible
House, Astor place, New York City, on
Monday. They ask that all mail to them
be in future addressed there.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WAR MATERIAL
PROMPTLY SENT
Italy Does Not Propose to
Rest Under the Stigma
of Defeat.
TROOPS FOR ABYSSINIA.
Guns and Men to Replace Those
Taken by King Menelik's
Shoans.
STRAGGLERS ARE COMING IN.
Of the Eighteen Thousand Missing
Soldiers, Seven Thousand Are
Heard From.
ROME, Italy, March 7.— Much relief
was experienced to-day through the re
ceipt of a dispatch from General Baldis
sera, the newly appointed commander of
the Italian forces in Abyssinia, in which
he stated that of the 18,000 men who were
missing after the battle fought at Adowa
last Sunday, 7000 have returned to the
Italian camp, and others are arriving
daily. The information relieves much
anxiety by the families of the soldiers
serving in Africa, who now build hopes on
their relatives having escaped.
As yet no list of the killed, wounded
and missing has been received and until it
comes to band there will, of course, be
much anxious conjecture throughout the
kingdom.
General Baldissera asked in his dispatch
that the Government send to him with all
possible dispatch additional guns to re
place those the Italians were compelled to
abandon. He also requested that addi
tional artillerymen and munitions of war
be sent.
The Government has acted promptly on
the request, and six batteries of artillery
and six battalions of troops will be dis
patched to Africa as soon as the prepara
tions for their departure, which are now
actively proceeding, can be completed.
The prompt response of the Govern
ment to General Baldissera's request is
taken as an indication that Italy intends
to take measures to remove the stain
upon her prestige, and this despite the
popular demand that the troops be re
called irom Abyssinia.
General Baldissera has been authorized
to evacuate Adigrat and Kassala and con
centrate his forces at Asmara if in hi 3
judgment circumstances warrant such a
course.
The Government has also received ad
vices from General Baldissera stating that
he had sent Major Salsa to ask King Men
elik for permission to bury the bodies of
the Italian soldiers who were killed in the
battle at Adowa on Sunday. Major Salsa
was also instructed to ascertain, if possi
ble, the names of the prisoners taken by
the Ayssinians in the engagement.
The statement made in these dispatches
Tuesday night to the effect that Sipnor
Crispi does not hold himself responsible
for the Abyssinian policy of the Govern
ment is borne out by the fact stated to-day
that he will present to the Chamber of
Deputies document 3 proving that if the
Ministers had accepted the proposals made
by him the disaster to the Italian forces
would not have occurred. It is well
known in official circles that Signor Crispi
did not approve of a policy of aggression,
font he was overruled by his colleagues
and in this case followed their lead.
It is argued by his opponents that he, as
Prime Minister, should have insisted upon
the Ministers following him, and in the
event of their refusal to do so should have
retired from office. It is charged that he
was so enamored of the power he wielded
as Prime Minister and the social position
accompanying his office that he preferred
to give half-hearted approval to a r>olicy
he was really opposed to, and that, there
fore, he is equally, if not more, to blame
than the other members of the Cabinet.
The popular excitement is rapidly cool
ing, and the manifestations against the
Government decreasing. The people are
beginning to asfe what the outcome of it
all will be, and fear that further burdens
in the shape of taxation will be placed
upon them. It can truthfully be said that
the people are not in favor of the attempt
to expand Italy's colonial possessions, par
ticularly when they stop to con
sider the cost. To regain the territory
from which they have been driven by the
Abyssinians would cost enormous treas
ure, to say nothing of the lives, and the
country, as is well known, is in no condi
tion to incur further expenses.
Hopes are entertained in some quarters
NEW TO-DAT.
IEYI STMUSS
&co'§
COPPERRIVETED
OVERALLS
AND
SPRING BOTTOM
PANTS.
EVERY PAIR GUARANTEE!!
*0R SALE EVERYWHERE.that Italy will find assistance from some
foreign country, perhaps Great Britain.
t>ut those well informed as to Italy's rela
tions, believe this hope to be fallacious.
There has been no change to-day in the
Cabinet crisis. A report was current that
King Humbert would authorize the Mar
quis di Rudini to form a Cabinet, but up
to a late hour to-night no confirmation of
the report could be had.
The calling out of the reserves of 1872
has revealed the iact that numbets of
them are not at all anxious to serve their
country under arms. Many of them are
exiling themselves to escape such service.
Three hundred of the reserves of this class
are reported to have arrived in the Tyrol
to-day, their object being to evade the call.
FROM HAD TO WORSE.
The Situation in Italy Jirclared to Be
Verif Serious.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— A spe
cial dispatch to the Heraid from Rome
says: The situation is going from bad to
worse. Signor Itudini's efforts to form a
cabinet have tailed completely.
The King, encouraged by the Embassa
dors of Germany, Austria and England,
will persist in having the war carried on.
The visit paid Friday by Emperor William
to Sir Frank Lascelles, English Ernbassa
dor to Germany, had reference to the
moral support to be accorded to Italy by
the three Cabinets.
Signor Eudini insisted that the expe
ditionary force should be reduced, and de
clared to the King that to carry the war
through to a successful conclusion would
cost 100,000,000 lire.
The revolutionary acitation directed
against the monarchy is increasing. A
serious dispute has taken place between
the King and the Prince of Naples. The
latter is supported by the Queen. The
King has lecided to carry out the mobiliza
tion of nearly the whole Italian army.
A Cabinet under Signor Saracco, who
has filled the office of Minister of Public
Works in Signor Crispi's Government, is
again spoken of as probable.
Signor Oreste Cors-i, the nestor of the
Republican party, says that the Kinsr's ab
dication in favor of the Prince of Naples
is becoming more probable every day.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 7.— A spe
cial cable dispatch to the Herald from St.
Petersburg says: Large subscriptions are
being taken up here or. the stock ex
chance for the Abyssinian wounded.
The Italians in the city are sending 10,
--000 rubles to King Humbert through the
Marquis Maffei di Boglio, Italian Embas
sador to Russia, for the assistance of the
wounded in the Abyssinian campaign.
The Novosti, speaking of the Abyssinian
campaign, says that Italy's last card has
been played. It only remains now for
Italy to go to her old ally, France.
The Novosti suggests that France, Italy
and Russia should form a new triple alli
ance, which, with the Balkan States,
would form a very strong combination.
Germany is now said to be making ad
vances to Russia, but Russia is satisfied
with France.
The Triple Alliance is surely going to
pieces and Germany will remain isolated.
It is reported from Milan that 12,000
Italians were killed in the recent disaster
at Adowa.
Russians are subscribing freely in
Odessa for the purpose of sending Red
Cross assistance to the Abyssinians.
FIRED UPON INTRUDERS.
Bowen Sykes Used His Rifle With
Deadly Effect Upon White
Caps.
Four Men Who Broke Into His House
Fatally Shot and Six Badly
Wounded.
TAMPA, FLA., March 7.— Attacked by a
mob of white caps, Bowen Sykes used his
rifle with such effect that four men are
dying and six others are so dangerously
wounded that they cannot be moved.
Sykes lives in the Peru settlement of
Hillsboro County. About 2 o'clock on
Thursday he was awakened by a pounding
on his front door.
Barely had he sprung from his bed and
seized his rifle when the door gave way
and fifteen or twenty masked men rushed
into the room. Without waiting to ask
any questions Sykes opened fire as rap
idly as he could work the trigger of his
gun. Four men, who had appeared to be
the leaders, fell to the floor, and the others
took to their heels. Sykes ran to the door
and fired on the fugitives, wounding six
others, but not so seriously as to stop their
flight.
He then looked at the four who were
groaning on the floor, and discovered they
were John C. and Alonzo Barnea, John
Gilliland and Dennis Driggers. The
Barnes brothers were wounded in the head
and Driggers and Gilliland had bullets
through their lungs.
Sykes at once sent a message to the au
thorities here, and officers went to his
house. They found that all four of the
men were dying. They searched the
houses in the neighborhood and found six
others had been shot while fleeing.
Many letters have been sent to Sykes re
cently warning him to leave the neighbor
hood. On Wednesday morning he found
a picture of a coffin nailed on his front
door with this warning: "Leave or you
will till me." He determined to stay and
defend himself. It is said the neighbors
have no specific charges against Sykes, all
of them seeming to di3like him on "gen
eral principles" only.
ABSASSIXATIOA' ITS FORTE.
"Remarkable Enterprise" by the Chicago
AsMociated I'rest.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— ln an edi
torial to-day, under the head "Remarkable
Enterprise," the Dispatch says:
"Really, can nothing be done to curb the
murderous bloodthirstiness of the Associ
ated Press? Yesterday it rounded out a
notable career of assassination by slaugh
tering ex-Premier Crispi of Italy. Of coor3e
Crispi is all right again to day, but it was
very unkind to kill him, even for one
night.
"Within the last few months the same
bloodthirsty news association has assassi
nated the Sultan of Turkey, General Cara
y>os and President Cleveland. It also
courtmartialed and shot Dr. Jameson, gave
an international yacht race to Dunraven
and surrendered Havana to the Cuban in-
eurgents.
"We submit that as a newsgathermg in
ptitution the Associated Press has no
equal on earth and that it should have no
imitators."
Mining- Exchange Directors Jiesiyn.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.-At a
meeting of the directors of the recently
organized New York Mining Exchange,
held to-day, the resignations of Directors
James H. Korr and Edwin A. Beers were
tendeied and accepted. The board ad
journed until Monday, when further resig
nations are expected. An effort will also
be made on the day named to settle the
differences between tne Eastern and West
ern members.
BOWERS AND THE
FUNDING BILL
Says It Would Be a Crime
for Such a Measure
to Pass.
LETTERS AND CARTOONS
Congressmen Warned and Be
seeched Daily by Those on
Both Sides.
IN taHE INTEREST OF JUSTICE
The Southern California Statesman
Cries Out Against Further Aid
ing the Monopoly.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.-Rep
resentative Bowers says telegrams and
letters are almost daily received by mem
bers of Congress beseeching them to let
the funding bill go through. Bowers said
to-night:
"Probably half the members of the pres
ent House have not given any thought to
the Pacific railroad question, having had
no occasion to heretofore. These, with all
the other members and Senators, have
become thoroughly disgusted by the
anonymous communications they receive
daily, postmarked San Francisco, the en
velopes having always printed on the out
side in flaring red letters such sentences
as these: 'Bribery and corruption wher
ever Huntington appears,' 'What Hunt
ington thinks he could do with $.X) 0,000,'
and 'Kow to bribe Congressmen.'
"These envelopes, when opened, are usu
ally found to contain extracts from the
Pattison report. Occasionally one con
tains a coarse caricature of the Speaker
and other members of the House. Thi3
coarse abuse of the Representatives natu
rally tends to aid those who are scheming
to avoid paying their just debts while
abundantly able to pay them. If these
missives would lead to an investigation of
the whole matter, then they might do
some good; as it is, they are in every case
thrown into the wastebasket unopened,
and have only served to provoke the mem
bers and the committee.
"The facts in relation to the building
and operation of the Pacific railroads are
plainly set forth in the report of the Pacific
Railroad Commission. This report is veri
fied history and is a revelation of the
shameless misappropriation of money, of
dis lonest accumulations of vast fortunes,
unparalleled in the history of the United
States, but the proper and only question
for reasonable men to consider is, Wnat is
the best thing to do now, the best for the
whole people, not for very few rich individ
uals? To arrive at a just conclusion, we
must take into consideration the thirty
years' record of persona for whose benefit
this refunding proposition is ruade. Know
ing their methods of doing business in the
past, we may fairly conclude that there
will be no material change iv their methods
in the future.
"I heard one of the directors declare in
the presence o^two other airectors in the
Horton House in San Diego, about the
year 1873, that 'no railroad not owned and
controlled by the Central Pacific Com
pany should be built into the State of Cali
fornia while we live. That may come
after we are dead, but not before.' That
declaration is absolutely true to-day of all
of California north of Los Angeles.
"The building of the Sun Joaquin Valley
Railroad shows to what extent the cu
pidity and extortion of the Southern Pa
citic corporation has driven the people.
Will this Congress be found Bup
portine the Southern Pacific in its
extortion-s, making it a present of many
millions of money, while the farmers
of California are struggling to save their
homes from being sacrificed to this Gov
ernment-endowed monopoly? I cannot
believe it will. Let it be distinctly under
stood that no action by Congress is
necessary at thi3 time to protect the in
terests of the Government in respect to
these roads. The Government is fully
authorized tinder law to collect its debts,
to do all things necessary to secure it
without further legislation. Any refund
ing act will be wholly in the interests of
those parties who are trying to avoid the
payment of their just debts.
"The only purpose of a refunding act —
the only substantial effect it can haye — is
to continue by the aid of the strong arm
of the Govern me" t this repressive railroad
monopoly that curses the people of Cali
fornia to-day.
J£"lt will be a shame, indeed, if Congress
shall uphold these men in their notorious
scheme. I cannot believe that any Con*
gressman who will inform himself upon
this subject, with an open mind and desire
to do justice, will aid and abet this wrong.
I am not the keeper of other men's con
sciences, but as for myself, should I vote
for the refunding bill, I could not go back
and face the people who sent me here to
represent them. I would know all the rest
of my life that I have committed a crime
against my own sense of justice, against
all the people of the Pacilic Coast, and
against even those men who are writing
letters in favor of the refunding bill, be
cause they are not free agents and I am."
OF IXTEREST TO THE COAST.
Petition of a Orange for an Export Duty
on Staples.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.—Rep
resentative Loud to-day presented the
petition of Grange No. -32 of Pescadero,
Cal., urging the passage of Johnson's bill
providing for the protection of agricultural
staples by imposing an export duty.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Owen S. Warland,
Jamestown; John H. Adler, National Sol
diers' Home, Los Angeles; Jesse S. Pritch
ard, National Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles.
Twenty years' service— James Buchanan,
United States receiving-ship Independ
ence, navy-yard, Mare Island; James
Kelly, Vallejo.
Washington : Original— Patrick Gribbin,
Tacoma.
Oregon : Original— Charles Breen, Port
land.
Mrs. Henrietta Leschinsky was to-day
appointed postmistress at Gas Point,
Shasta County, Cal., vice C. E. Benson,
resigned.
The A'nme of the Deity.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.—Peti
tions bearing 100,000 signatures have been
received by the House Judiciary Commit
tee favoring the joint resolution to put the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
name of the Deity in the constitution.
The resolution was introduced several
months ago by Morse of Massachusetts.
A hearing will be given by the committee
on the proposition on next Wednesday at
10 o'clock.
THE TORPEDO-BOAT ERICSSOS.
After Many Trials the Government Will
Accept Her- : ...
WASHINGTON, D.C., March 7.— The
recent dock trial of the torpedo-boat Er
icsson at New London, Conn., insures the
acceptance of that unfortunate little ves
sel by the Government. The only trouble
found was that the machinery was nearly
six tons overweight. The board found the
Ericsson strong and durable and ; built ac
cording to the specifications. The machin
ery worked well. Next week the Ericsson
will be placed in drydocK and her hull ex
amined by a naval "constructor. Under a
recent agreement with the Navy Depart- !
ment the contractors for the vessel, the
lowa Iron Works of Dubuque, agreed „to
waive all right to make another attempt
to earn premiums through a speed trial I
■ and forfeit $16,000 for, overtime penalties.
WITH FOIiTY-FIVE STABS.
Secretaries JLatnont and Herbert Arrange
the Sew flag. *
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— With
the approval of the President publicity
was given to-day to the design agreed on
between Secretary Lamont and Secretary
Herbert for the arrangement of forty-five
stars in the National nan, made necessary
by the admission of Utah to statehood.
The new arrangement will be fully in
augurated in the army and navy by July 4
next. The design agreed on by Secretaries
Lamont and Herbert arranges the stars in
six rows, the first, third and filth of eight
stars each, and the second, fourth and
sixth of seven stars each. No new ar
rangement will be necessary till the ad
mission of new States, as additional stars
can be added to the second, fourth and
sixth rows without disturbing the uni
formity of the design.
Approved by the President.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
President has approved the military
academy appropriation bill, the invalid
pension appropriation bill and the bills
authorizing a bridge across Lake St.
Francis, Ark. ; granting to the Columbia
and Red Mountain Railway Company a
right of way tbrougli the Colvilie Indian
reservation, Slate of Washington.
Xo Election in the fifth.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
House Elections Committee No. 2 to-day
decided that no election had occurred in
the Fifth Louisiana District. It concluded
that there had been so much fraud,
violence and intimidation at the polls as
to invalidate the election.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood at $125,056,528. The
withdrawals for the day were $01,700.
POSTAL AFFAIRS DEBATED
Congressman Loud of California
Says the Department Is
Extravagant.
He Believes a Business Man Could
Reduce the Expenses Nearly
One- Half.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.-The
House to-day, in committee of the whole,
continued its consideration of the post
oflice appropriation bill. A general debate
lasted for an hour and was notable only
for two statements by Loud (R.) of Califor
nia, chairman of the Committee on Post
offices and Postroads, which prepared the
bill.
One of these was that the fact that the
Government operated the Postoffice De
partment was in his opinion the gravest
menace to the existence of republican in
stitutions, the other was that so extrava
gantly is the business of the department
managed that in his opinion a business
man conducting the postal business and
receiving therefor the $90,000,000 now paid
by the Government will profit from $30,
--000,000 to $40,000,000 a year.
Several efforts were made, unavailingly,
to increase the compensation for fourth
class offices.
Having disposed of one page of the bill,
tbe committee arose and at 4 :40 o'clock ad
journed until Monday.
Before going into committee of the
whole, the House passed a. Senate bill
authorizing the Secretary of the Treasury
to distribute the diplomas and medals
cwarded exhibitors at the Columbian
World's Exposition and the House bill in
corporating the Grand Lodge of Masons of
the Indian Territory. The Senate amend
ments to the agricultural bill, with two
exceptions, were non-concurred in, and a
conference ordered.
The two amendments authorize the im
mediate publication of 75.000 copies of
"Diseases of the Horse" and 70,000 copies
of "Diseases of Cattle and Csttle Feed-
ing."
By a vote of 117 to 106 the House re
fused to concur in the Senate amendment
authorizing the publication of 25,000 copies
of "Cattle and Dairy Farming."
OX FUGET SO VXD.
Slept Being Taken to Establish a Large
Military J'.mt.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.-A Sun
special from Washington says : The estab
lishment of a large military post at some
point on Puget Sound, opposite the British
naval station at Vancouver, is now under
consideration by the War Department,
and will be undertaken within the next
few months. General Merritt has come to
Washington at the direction of Secretary
Lamont to consult with the authorities re
garding the most advantageous locality for
the post.
Congress has authorized the establish
ment of the post, but so far has made no
appropriation for the erection of the build
ings. An examination of the various
points suitable foi a station has been con
ducted by the board, of which General
Merritt is president, and its report was
submitted to Secretary Lamont this week.
One of the principal arguments in favor
of the post is the fact that the Govern
ment has a large naval drydock which
is not defended from land attack. Secre
tary Lamont will ask Congress to pro
vide sufficient money to begin the work of
constructing buildings and making other
improvements for quartering a full regi
ment of infantry, which it is proposed to
station there.
MILLIONS ABE jyVOLVBD.
Decree of Forectosore in an Important
Jltiilroad Suit.
GRASD RAPIDS, Mich., March 7.— A
decree in the Grand Rapids and Indiana
foreclosure suit was handed down by
Judge Severns, in the United States Court
to-day. It favors the second mortgage
bondholders to the amount of $3,734,765,
and orders the sale of the entire Grand
Rapids and Indiana property on April 27,
1896, after six weeks' notice. The decree
is made subject to the first mortgage
bonds, amounting to $6,157,645 91, and to a
lien on equipment amounting to $356,55442.
By its terms the holders of the third
mortgage bonds, upon which there is out
standing $3,996,000, are entirely cut off.
MINISTER DE LOME
TALKS FOR PEACE.
Says All the Universities
of Spain Are Being
Closed
TO PREVENT OUTBREAKS
He Attributes the Action of the
American Congress to
False Reports.
REBUKES SHERMAN AND LODGE
Represents Weyler as Too Humane
for a Spanish Commander
in Cuba.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.—Min
ister Dupuy de Lome received an official
dispatch to-day announcing that the Gov
ernment had closed thy* universities at
Madrid, Barcelona. Valencia and Granada,
the Cadiz Medical School and the College
of Surgeons at Madrid in the effort to pre
vent further outbreak against the United
States, all the disturbances hitherto hav
ing been confined to or led by young stu
dents. The Government, he declares, is
exerting its influence in all possible ways
to prevent any insults to this country and
harsh measures are necessary, because of
the strong feeling engendered by the
speeches made in the United States Sen
ate.
In regard to the reports about Spanish
naval preparations, it is said that if bellig
erency is to be recognized by the United
States the additional duty will be forced
upon Spain of maintaining a rigid and
effective blockade of Cuba.
The cabled reports in no instance convey
the impression that vessels have been se
cured with any armament which would
fit them for any offensive uses against the
United States. They appear to be alto
gether merchant vessels, adapted only for
blockade uses and for transportation of
troops.
"The Spanish Gevernment," the Minis
ter says, "can surely be relied upon to do
only what is proper and to tate every pre
caution for preserving its honor to all other
countries, and I cannot doubt that the
Government of the United Sta'.es will
appreciate this and be always animated by
the same high sense of public honor.
Spain may be relied upon to prevent ncr
people from being carried away by their
impulses, but it must be admitted that the
provocation for excitement has been very
great. Americans have heaped insults
upon the Spanish people because of misin
formation, and the climax has been reached
through speeches made by Senators in the
discussion of the Cuban resolution's which
were well calculated to enrage any self
respecting people."
Senor de Lome says that all the sensa
tional remarks in the Senate debates whi< h
aroused his countrymen were either mis
leading or altogether false, as, according
to his belief, were most of the things
which have been printed broadcast in the
last year about the cruelties of the Spanish
authorities in Cuba and the tyranny of the
military officers there.
Even Senator Sherman, whose reputa
tion for conservatism caused his speech to
carry great weight, allowed himself to be
imposed upon by untrustworthy informa
tion, says Minister de Lome. In a terrible
and unmerited invective against General
Weyler, he said :
A book was published in Spanish — which I
am very =>orry I cannot get from ihe library —
written by a Spaniard named Enrique Don
deris, who came over from Spain with the
Spanish troops to see the war of 1872, and
who was .so horror-stricken with the high
crimes ho saw committed that ho flew to the
United States and there published his manu
script. Telling is this evidence, and it shows
that General Weyler, stripped of all the hon
orable arms of military authority, Is a brute,
pure and simple, his hands forever stained
with the biood of defenseless men and women.
Senor de Lome says he secured a copy of
the book witb exceeding difficulty. It is a
little 43-page pamphlet published by En
rique Donderis, and nowhere in it does
Weyler's name appear. It describes many
horrors of the late war, attributed both to
the Spanish and the rebels, but makes no
reference to Weyler whatever. Donderis,
the author of the book, was an officer in
the Spanish army who deserted, and after
ward fought with the Cuban rebels.
Senor de Lome thinks that Senator Sher
man may disavow his statements when
shown how utterly baseless they were. As
a matter of fact Weyler only occupied a
subordinate position while in Cuba before
the present insurrection, and in numbers
of pamphlets written by Cubans about the
previous war, which have been collected
by the Spanish legation here, none has
been found containing anything about
Weyler.
In Senator Lodge's speech there was a
translation from a Spanish paper giving
an interview with Weyler on leaving Cadiz
to take command in Cuba, regarding his
intention to pursue a policy of extermina
tion.
Senor de Lome says he has all the pa
pers, and is prepared to demonstrate to
Senator Lodge that some one has imposed
upon him a maliciously fraudulent report.
In fact, in the Minister's opinion, that is
where most of the trouble lies. He asserts
that General Weyler's proclamation
against bandits applies only to such lead
ers as Manuel Garcia, Mirabel, Matagas
and Perico Delgado who, he says, live the
year round, even in times of peace, by
marauding the plantations, blackmailing,
kidnaping and resorting to all sorts of
crimes.
General Weyler intended to pursue them
just as similar bands would be pursued in
any State of the American Union.
Senor de Lome continued : "Great stress
has been laid by Senators and others upon
an alleged proclamation about to be given
to the people of Cuba. by General Weyler.
The authority that such a proclamation
was about to be published was a copy
righted telegram of the Associated Press.
The prediction has not been verified,
though weeks have passed. No such state
ment was made."
Senor de Lome says he baa refrained
hitherto from answering the untruthful
statements published, but when utter
ances, founded wholly upon misconcep
tion, from the capital of the United States,
are beginning to strain the cordial rela
tions between the nations, he considers it
his duty, although against the convention
alities of his position, to appeal to the
honest common-sense of the American
people and their famed reputation for ac
cording fair play.
SI? AXIS II FORCES ItJEFEATEV.
Minor Encounter* in Which the Jnsur
genta KPere Victorious.
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Cuba, Feb. 26
(via Key West. Fla.. March 7).— On the
24th inst. the guerrillas of Cobre, 180 in all,
had an engagement in Paso Lajas with
rebel forces of the battalion Crombet, sixty
in number, and the Spanish were obliged
to retreat to the Cobre. A rebel cavalry
force of eighty men, under Commander
Diego Palacios ptirsued them and captured
seventeen prisoners. The Spaniards left
on the field twenty-two killed. The rebels
had two killed and nine wounded. On the
25th a foraging party of seventy Spanish
met a rebel party of ninety men under
Commander Reyes, near Cobra, who at
tacked them suddenly. The Spaniards
retreated 10 the Cobre, leaving ten prison
ers in the hands of the insurgents. The
rebels had three wounded, and the Span
iards six killed and seven wounded.
Rebel Colonel Joaquin Planas, with 400
cavalry, met fifty Spanish soldiers in the
pasture ground at La Juira, between
Cibarra and Holguin, on the 20th inst.
Colonel Planas attacked the Spaniards
with only 100 men, killing four men and
capturing twelve prisoners, with their
arms and ammunition. The rebels had
one killed and six wounded.
Guantanamo is in a great state of alarm
on account of the arrest of many innocent
people wbo are taken from jail and from
their homes in the middle of the night and
assassinated outside of the city.
Therebels have set fire to the cane fields
of La Isabel, San Carlos La Rosa and others
in Guantanamo.
The Spanish Governor of this province,
not having enough troops to guard the
small towns of this jurisdiction, has
ordered the garrisons to abandon the
posts, burning the places before leaving.
Among those towns are Tiarriba, Pioruan
ganaguas, Venta de Casanovaß and Se
corre.
More than 100 residents of Cubita, three
miles from here, left last night to join the
insurgents.
Last night thero were arrested here Dr.
Tomas Padro, 55 years old, father of Dr.
Tomas and Eduurdo Padro, who have
been with the rebels for some time, Jose
Ochoa Castillo and his sister Pilar and
ten or twelve other persons.
AMERICAN VESSELS BARRED.
t
Another Boycott Begun by Spanish Mer
chants in Cuba.
KEY WEST, Fla., March 7.— The Cap
tain of the steamship Whitney, which ar
rived in this port this morning from Ha
vana, reports that the merchants of Cuba
are holding meetings to protest against the
importation of merchandise in American
vessels. The merchants in Cienfuegoa have
already boycotted American ships, and
the general belief is that the same meas
ures will be adopted in Havana. The feel
ings of the Spaniards in Cuba is very bit
ter against everything American.
ELECTRIC CAR'S PLUNGE
Left the Track on a Bridge, Fall
ing Fifteen Feet Into
a Stream.
Fourteen Persons Were Injured and
Several Deaths Will Prob
ably Result.
MEMPHIS, Tenn\, March 7.— Fourteen
people, mostly men and children, were in
jured more or less severely in an unusual
streetcar accident this afternoon. Some
of the victims will probably die from in
ternal injuries, among them Mrs. John
Heinrich, an aged white woman, Mrs. J.
S. Rosamond and her 7-year-old daughter
and Motorman George Bennett.
An electric car, running down-grade at
a rapid iate, left the tract as it struck a
bridge over the bayou on Lauderdale
street, plunged through the frail railing
along the side of the structure and landed
in the shallow stream, fifteen feet below.
The fearful plunge was witnessed by
scores of people. For a time it was neces
sary for the injured and imperiled passen
gers to do for themselve3, owing to the in
accessibility of their position, but the work
of rescue once organized was soon com
plete. The passengers were terribly shaken
up and painfully bruist-d.
SHOULD HAVE USED A SHOTGUN.
Rather Remarkable Comment of a Vener
able Ju r !ge in Granting a Divorce
to an Injured Husband.
KANSAS CITY, Mo., March 7.— A3 the
Phillips divorce case terminated in the
Circuit Court in this city to-day the spec
tators were astonished to hear Judge W.
J. Henry, the venerable and conservative
jurist, reprove the defendant, Ballingal
Phillips, for not using a gun to defend hi 9
honor. Thereupon the plaintiff, Mrs. Net
tio B. Phillips, fainted and was carried
from the room. The case has been replete
with disgusting testimony from the start.
The defendant, Ballingal Phillips, was
shown to be the injured party, and was
given the decree.
In giving his decree Judge Henry, ex-
Judge of the State Supreme Court, said:
"The only fault 1 can find with you, Mr.
Phillips, i's that you have been too much
inclined to leniency. If yoi had taken a
shotgun and vindicated your home you
would stand better before this court and
the community."
THEFTS OF A TELEGRAPHER.
Got the Combination of a Safe and Con
tents on a Forged Order.
CINCINNATI, Ohio, March 7.— John R.
Pierce, telegraph operator for the book
making tirm of Sol Sharpe & Co. of Cov
ington, got the combination of the safe
from Cashier Payne on Tuesday evening
last upon a forged order from Sharpe and
took $6000 from the safe.
Wednesday he drew $4000 from Ihe bank
with which Sharpe did business upon a
forged check. He left Wednesday morn
ing. It is supposed he went to Canada
and sailed for Europe.
A CASE OF BLACK FEMALE.
Corbett Bounces a Colored Lady Who
Tried to Collect a Bill.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— James J.
Corbett, the pugilist, was arrested this
morning on a warrant sworn out by Sarah
Johnson, a colored woman, who alleged
that she was ejected from the Great North
ern Hotel by the ex-champion when she
called with an attachment for money due
her for a dress delivered to the present
Mrs. Corbett two years ago. At the police
station the case was settled by Corbett
paying the bill and costs. He claims it
was a case of biacKmail.
Failure of a Bank.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., March 7.— The Farm
ers' Bank of King City, thirty miles east of
this city, was taken in charge by State
Bank Examiner Jones to-day. The liabili
ties are about |60,000, with assets over one
half that amouut.
LATEST GOSSIP
FROM GOTHAM
Tammany Men in Favor of
William C. Whitney
for President.
POLITICIANS ARE ACTIVE
It Is Said a Cleveland Man
Will Be a Candidate for
• Governor.
PLANS FOE THE BIG CAMPAIGN.
There Is a Promise of Lively Contests
Among Delegates Elected by
Rival Candidates.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— lt was
reported in Democratic circles la9t night
that the Democratic State Committee
would meet the tirst week in April and
call the Democratic State convention for
the election of delegates-at-large to the
Democratic National convention for the
first or second week in May.
County Clerk Henry D. Purroy voiced
the practically unanimous opinion of Tam
many when he said yesterday that in his
opinion the man for ttie Democrats to
nominate for the Presidency was William
C. Whitney. VMr. Whitney," said Mr.
Purroy, "is the candidate of every sound
Democrat in the State, and his popularity
is as wide as the country. I believe that
he would accept the nomination if it were
the expressed wish of the convention, and
if he does accept it I sincerely believe that
he Will be elected. I would not have said
this a month aco, but now the chances'of
the Democracy are improving everyday,
and I believe that with such a candidate
as Mr. Whitney the result will be a Demo
cratic victory."
Some politicians want Roswell P. Flower
to become the nominee for Governor,
while others think the situation presents
an opportunity for Senator Hill to success
fully seek vindication.
An active Cleveland man from Erie
County said yesterday that he believed
union in the party was nearer of accom
plishment than at any time for years.
His idea of it is that the Cleveland men
shall be given the candidate for Governor
and Tammany Hall the candidate for
Lieutenant-Grovernor, and that an agree
ment shall be entered into that if the
Democrats carry the Legislature by a large
enough majority next fall to elect a United
State Senator, David B. Hill will be re
elected without opposition.
The Tammany men speak well of the
candidacy of W'iliiam R. Grace for the
gubernatorial nomination, and are also
favorably disposed toward Perry Belmont.
But the men the Tammany Senators and
Assemblymen in Albany most lean toward
is Daniel B. Laraont, if he can be prevailed
upon to run.
Republican Presidential boom managers
have made up tneir minds, in view of
their experiences in Florida, Mississippi
and Texas, that the committee on cre
dentials of the St. Louis convention will
virtually determine who the .Republican
Presidential nominee shall be. Itisafore
eone conclusion that there will be contests
in every State in the South, and the con
trol of the credentials committee will be
the main point of issue in the organization
of the convention.
The same game, it is said, n ill be i.'ayed
that resulted in General Harrison's second
nomination and his defeat. The delega
tion sent for McKinley will be contested by
the Morton- Allison-Reed combination, and
whenever the combination claims regu
larity the Ohio men will enter contests.
With this situation probable the predic
tion is made by conservative politicians
that the St. Louis convention will not be
permanently organized in less than a week
from the time it iB convened.
Last night was a great night for Walter
Damrosch. His opera, "The Scarlet Let
ter," was produced with scenery, cos
tumes and all accessories, including a cast
of singers capable of interpreting the
difficult music well. Mme. GaJski was
especially successful, making a careful,
earnestly studied and graceful delineation
of the heroine's role. Her costumes,
though simple, were exceedingly pictur
esque, and wore exquisite in their soft col
orings.
Dam roach was said by the Wagner So
Spring
Medicine
Your blood in Spring is almost certain to
tbe full of impurities — the accumula-
tion of the winter months. Bad yen*
tilation of sleeping rooms, impure air
in dwellings, factories and shops, over-
eating, heavy, improper foods, failure
''■■ of the kidneys and liver properly to do
extra work thus thrust upon them, are
. the prime causes of this condition. It
is of the utmost importance .that you
Your Blood
Now, as when warmer weather comes and
the tonic effect of cold bracing T air is
■ ; gone, your weak, thin, impure blood
will not ; furnish necessary strength.
That tired feeling, loss of appetite,' will
open the way for serious disease, ruined ,
health, or breaking out of humors and
impurities. : . To make ■ pure, ! rich, "red
blood, Hood's Sarsaparilla stands ur»-
equaled. ; Thousands': testify to .?i ts
merits. - Millions take it as their
Spring Medicine. Get Hood's, because
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the One True Blood Purifier. All druggists.?!.
Prepared only by C I. Hood & Co., Lowell, Mass.
Hood S Pi lIS o^ty Pill« to take
1 1UUU » fills with Hood's Ssnapuuia
ciety representative, who r,r- »
young composer wi i h W^ P™*n ed the
incased copy of "The Bcftr ,/ 1 n , 9ll 7""
be "the first American who h^ 1 ' 6 T ' l °
opera on.an A merica n n sub"^ "ade an
brought it out It, P ranc ojS "S,
America," to which DamrS „ tyle J"
in a neat and amiable speech o ,? h ° nded
reminding the audience that hi 1 honlM '
greatness thrust upon him be forM U ***
really able to cope with hi^ 'V * M
ties, and he added that he had Cn % ■ i
to work and study with tiemendon, B< l
and effort in order, to bring his pow t 1 "
an equality with his obligations "0
thanked the audience for its kind re
tion of his work, produced here now Sit
perfect garb for the first time.
, NEW TO-DAY. ~~
-. J0 An important m«_
g% M sage often comes b 7
■ S*7 .JSF telegraph, but the
■ most important mes-
■'Mmßßr^-'-'- sage that ever was
WmW&xm delivered to mankind has
Wjl^^a been given to them through
Trej«|&» the newspapers. It is given
ySS/^W again in this article.
//\ 1 It is the information that
/ j\ I 90 per cent of all cases of con-
l/I j ll sumption can be completely
fe/> I V and permanently cured.
ffji \ \ There is no doubt about it
' \A. The '■*■ statement is net made
V recklessly, but after the ex-
perience of thousands has made it an in-
disputable fact. Consumption is not a dis-
ease of the lungs. It is a disease of the
blood, which in weak lunged people man-
ifests itself by the formation of tubercles
in the lungs and the wasting away of lung-
tissue. The cure for consumption is simple.
It consists in the administration of a medi-
cine that will assist the !fl»gs in throwing
off tuberculous matter, and that will cleanse
the system so that this refuse matter will be
replaced by strong, healthy tissues. That
sounds like a very simple , operation, and
yet consumption baffled the combined med-
ical skill of the whole pbrld for hundreds
of years. Consumption was considered in-
curable until the advent of Dr. Pierce' 3
Golden Medical Discovery- This great
remedy is the most wonderful blood purifier
and strengthener that the world has ever
known. It is the result of years of study
and experiment, by a. scientific physician
and has been tested in every way by him
for over 30 years. It has an unbroken
record of success. It cures a great variety .
of diseases, because almost all diseases
have their origin and support in impurity
and weakness of the blood. As long as ta
man's blood is rich and pure, he is in no
danger from diseases. The blood is the
medium through which food is carried from
the digestive system to all of the tissues of
the body. If- it carries impure things, or
an -insufficient quantity of good things,
trouble will ensue. There is nothing about
that so very hard to understand. It is per-
fectly plain and natural and rational. The
"Golden Medical Discovery" puts the di-
gestive system in perfect order, purifies
and enriches the blood and so puts the
whole body into perfect tune.
This talk in continued in Dr. Pierce* Common
Sense Medical Adviser. This 1008 page book
sent free on receipt of 21 one-cent stamps to
cover cost of mailing- only. World's Dispbm-
H»v Medical Association, Buffalo, K. Y.
®®®®®®®®®®@®®
Mil! I
© __ '- /■• ©
@ We fitted out that big (*^
£fe Alaska' expedition 'last £*
£& week. Yes, pretty busy. (g±
s»v Rush over now,v^and
Sg ready again with j**-* jg
I SMITHS' ©
I WEEKLY ©
© SPECIALS! 1
$ REDUCED FOR THIS WEEK ©
© O)LY TILL MARCH 14. ©
\Z 10c Butterfly Tomato??, 4 cans 2."> c *j\
W9 ii.V Dessert Orated Pineapple 10c \a&
>r 25c Acme Beef, sliced. 18c 2JC
HQ 'lon Yellow Cornmeal, 10 lbs 20c (Z«J
\F 6(ic ).a Dellcatesie Clieese Pots ...3: J -: 2x
Cm 15c Hulk Grated Cocoanut.'.... ICe fzJk
Vr 25c llusset Shoo I>resslnic. 10c
£VV 60c Plush-Top Clothes Brush 10c /®J[
\y 10c Garden Trowel 6c t7
g>k 20c Celery Glass.... ..8c fS\
ri/ 5.00 Men's Button Shoes f1.50 *&
£%! 10c Ginghams..... „ 5c M\
F«J 91.00 Imitation Smyrna 1tug,......25c W9
25c Ladies' Dude llat 15c j*tv
tP£i 91.50 Baby Shoes.... 60c B«|
x[ 91.50 Dolls, 14-ln., dressed .....60c J££
tjp FREIOHT PAID 100 MILES. - (£$
Q) 2 Premium Bicycles Free to (&
/pK Largest Buyer by April 1. 2j\
>T BICYCLES— Last year»»: S
125 c I-ailies' Nearly Half Price. (&
fI.SO Baby Shoes ftOc &i
$1.50 Dolis, 14-in., dressed 60c i<
FREIOHT PAID 100 MILES. *V>
2 Premium Bicycles Free to (&
Largest Buyer by April 1. 2K.
BICYCLES— Last year's
Nearly Half Price. Q*
fth TANDEMS— 2 Second-hand (Q
at Half Price. £<
Sf Smiths' Cash Store, )§
W 414, 416, 41 8 front st., s.f. ™
Kp Largest Western Department Store. . (Ji
SEMI-ANNUAL EXAMINATION
OF
TEACHERS!
Bait Francisco, March 3, 1896.
The regular semi-annual examination of appli- ■
cants for teachers' certificates (High School, Gram-
mar and Primary grades and special certificates)
will commence at the Normal School building,
Powell street, near Clay, on HID AY. March 18, .
1896, at 3 o'clock p. m. Applicants who wish to
pass an examination for High School certificates
or special certificates will send notice to tnls office
oner before March U:h. ' •
■In compliance with the State School ! law each
applicant must pay an examination fee of S3 in
advance. Applicants who Intend taking the ex-
amination must register prior to the commence*
ment of the same, as no fees will be received on
that date. * >
Applicants for Primary Grade certificates will be
required to pass upon the following subjects:
Arithmetic, Grammar, Geography, Composition,
History of the United States. Orthography and
Defining, Penmanship, Rend in«, Methods of "teach-
ing. School Law, Industrial Drawing, Physiology,
Civil Government, Elementary- Bookkeeping and
Vocal Music. Applicants for Grammar Grade cer-
tificates, in addition to passing on the above stud-
ies, must also pass on Algebra, Physics, Pedagog-
ic*, Geometry, General History and Literature. :
■'■'■-:'?'■' vi M. BABCOCK,
Superintendent of Common Schools,
Georok Beanbton, Secretary. - .
UPOTAIJR, .'/TV
Chinese Tea and Herb Lfc V
Sanitarium, SMMi
No. 727 Washington St, \«- 1
San Francisco, Cal. -v .. V^s£ '. ■
Cor. Brenham Plao* above \j» . X f
Use plasa. •.?;;•■-,■,- ■. .-•»■•..■ , JSP* / JL^
Office Hours: 9to 12, — "ifc ff&\.
I to 4 and 5 to 7. Sun- N
day, 9 A. M. to 13 M. T^
UPo Tal Jr., son of the famous lIP 9
Tai, Has taken Ma fathers iraaine**
and Is, ; after eleven years' study ia
China, fully prepared to locate and
treat all disease's.
BD IIC II EG £2* BABBEBa BAK-
Dlf Uljlltlir < bootblacks balk-
KwJrT^ hLi M^TJtr h9am *> billiard - taM j,
HSi«^2Sllii? fc^? u . ndrle> l Sundries, na^r
I ■*»*•*■• l»t?*w. Painters, shoe factorie* itaiTf
■mb, tar-roogn, tanner*, tallori/wcT
*nuhM»nur»ctur.re 4 008^imnnteSkTWO BALLOTS
FOR SENATOR
Scenes of Wild Excitement
in the Legislature of
Kentucky.
VOTED FOR CARLISLE.
Tactics of Some of the Republi
cans to Prevent the Election
of Blackburn.
TROUBLE CAUSED BY A "FAKE."
An Announcement Sent Out by the
Chicago Associated Press Imposed
Upon Statesmen.
FRANKFORT, Ky., March 7.— Two
ballots were to-day taken for United
States Senator by the joint legislative ses
sion and they resulted as follows: First
ballot— Blackburn, (30; Boyle, 59; Carlisle,
5. Second ballot— Blackburn, 49; Carlisle,
15.
"Horse play" on the part of the Republi
can members before the session was called
to order was indulged in. The balloting
proceeded without incident until Irving
ton's name was called. He again voted
for Blackburn and a report was circulated
that Poor would vote with him, but he
Btuck to Pettit. After the oallot was com
pleted, Poor arose before the result was
announced and changed his vote for
Blackburn amid cheers. A stampede of
the Carlisle men at once went to Black
burn and. one by one, Elliston, Smith,
Holloway, Noe and other bolting sound
money men began to come to Blackburn
amid the wildest excitement.
The Republicans were plainly discon
certed as one by one the most violent anti-
Ulackburn Democrats began to fall into
line for him. To stop the stampede the
Republicans, led by Senator James, began
to vote for Carlisle. In the midst of the
terrible din Representative Lyons of New
port, perched upon a chair, declared that
if the Republicans tried to elect Carlisle
he would vote for Blackburn.
The House and galleries went wild. Dr.
Chambers of Kenton, seeing Blackburn's
election in sij;ht, demanded a vote, though
paired with Senator Weissinger, and al
most a riot resulted. The sertreant-at-arms
was ordered to clear the galleries in order
to restore quiet. The chair finally obtained
order and announced the ballot, which the
clerks bad footed up during the confusion.
Howard moved to adjourn, but the mo
tion was iost.
The second ballot started off as harm
lessly as the first. The Republicans de
clined to vote, and the original Carlisle
Democrats went back to him. On the
second ballot enough Republicans re
frained from voting to break a quorum,
and a r^otion to adjourn was carried.
Sr^'i'v.r Bu.oi.bnrn wsf the most sur
prises "ban in all Kentucky this evening
when notified of his election through con
gratulatory telegrams from friends in
every direction. No one here could under
stand how such a report originated until,
atter investigation, it developed that the
Chicago Associated Press was only treat
ing the country to its daily mess of in
formation.
JHPOSED UP OX BY A "TAKE."
Statesmen at First Accepted the- Report
of THackburn'a Election.
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.—Mem
bers of Congress in both houses were im
posed upon this afternoon cruelly by the
Chicago Associated Press, which issued a
bulletin a few minutes after 2 o'clock an
nouncing the election of Senator Joe
Blackburn, by the Kentucky Legislature,
to succeed himself for the term which ex
pires March 4 next. About twenty
minutes after 2 o'clock this afternoon
every one about the Capitol was surprised
by messenger-boys of the Associated Press
scurrying through the corridors and into
committee rooms exhibiting a bulletin
under the caption of "The Associated
Press," announcing the foregoing startling
result, but without particulars. The news
spread like wildfire, and the Associated
Press believed it had scored a distinct
triumph over the United Press, which
issued no bulletin.
A bulletin with this fake news was sent
into the room of the Senate Committee on
Pacific Railroads that was then hearing
C. P. Huntington. Senator Morgan ex
pressed his gratification at the announce
ment, and Senator Stewart, the free-silver
ite, interrupted the proceedings by leaning
back in his chair and laughing heartily
over what he believed must be the dis
comfiture of the administration over the
result of the election of the Kentucky
champion of free coinage.
Senator Harris of Tennessee and Senator
Bacon of Georgia, and Colonel Bright, the
sergeant-at-arms of the Senate, and all
the silver men read the news from one of
these alleged bulletins and immediately
went into ecstacies over it. Wherever a
Senator could be found he was promptly
notified of this great news through the
"enterprise" of the Chicago association.
Representative McCreary of Kentucky
was startled when he was handed a piece
of the flimsy paper containing the intelli
gence that announced the defeat of the
administration's desire for a hard-money
Democrat. The silence of the United Press
was so ominous that Senators soon began
to send to that association to corroberate
the "news." It was then discovered that
the news was as pure a piece of faking as
has been exhibited to the country, even by
that Chicago association.
Senator Harris was vieorous in his de
nunciation of the conduct of the associa
tion that circulated the report, and other
Senators declared their disapproval of
such business methods. Silver Senators,
who were thus disillusioned of their hopes,
were severe in their condemnation.
One Senator who has been longing for
the re-election of Mr. Blackburn, and who
was thrown into despair by the correction
of the alleged news, recalled the fact that
it was a clear day throughout the country,
and the association that indulged in this
pleasantry at the expense of the Demo
crats and Republicans everywhere could
not plead the existence of a fog and their
inability to see the yachts, as they did
when tney bulletined that now famoas
piece of news that the Valkyrie 111 had
won the race for the America cup.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 7.— The Chroni
cle in an editorial to-day says:
"The Chicago Associated Press, which
supplies the Chronicle's contemporaries
with telegraph news, reported yesterday
that Premier Crispi had been stabbed to
death by an assassin, borne other things
which the Chronicle's contemporaries have
printed at various times, which the United
Press showed to have been false, are the
assassination of Sultan Abdul Hamid,
the assassination of President Cleveland,
the capture of Havana by the Cubans, and
the winning of the first of the America
cup rac?s by the British boat.
"To-day the Associated Press adds to its
long list of blunders by falsely announc
ing the election of Senator Blackburn of
Kentucky."
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— Newsboys
filled the downtown streets this afternoon
with cries of "All about Blackburn
elected." All the papers which rely on
the Chicago Associated Press for news
gave much space to the supposed Demo
cratic victory in the Kentucky Legisla
ture. The jubilation of the Democrats,
notably those from Kentucky, who lived
tiere, was short lived, however, for they
learned through private dispatches from
the scene of the deadlock as well as from
the United Press dispatch that it was an
other glaring example of idiotic faking on
the part of the alleged Chicago news or
ganization on a par with the sevenfold
stabbing of Premier Crispi. One of the
duped afternoon papers, however, printed
the Blackburn fake in two of its editions.
In this case there was not even the subter
fuge of "it is rumored" to fall back on in
case of necessity. There was outspoken
denunciation of both the Crispi and Black
burn fakes among newspaper readers in
this city to-day when the facts became
known.
PEFFER FAVORS HOLCO3IB.
But the Populiatt Have A'ot let Selected
a Standard-Bearer.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., March 7.— Senator
Peffer left for Washington this afternoon.
In an interview he said:
"As to the Presidential situation among
Populists, it is quite as chaotic as that of
either of the other parties. We are beset
with peculiar conditions. We are expect
ing recruits from the dissatisfied members
of the other parties by reason particularly
of the dissensions there in respect to silver
coinage.
"These probable accessions depend, of
course, upon the action of their party con
ventions on the money question. In case
we should receive large concessions from
that direction, the new men would be en
titled to be heard in our party councils. I
can say safely just now that Populists will
not be likely to support any candidate who
is not openly and avowedly with us upon
all matters which we regard as funda
mental. They will not follow the lead of
any man whose platform contains no
more than the silver plank.
"Personally, I incline strongly to the
opinion that Governor Holcorub of Ne
braska would make an acceptable and a
strong candidate. This I say without any
personal knowledge concerning the Gov
ernor's feelings in the matter."
WILL FOItCX THE FIOMTISO.
Silver Men Sot to Compromise With GoW
Hugs,
WASHINGTON, D. C, March 7.— Harris
of Tennessee, who is the official head of
the Democratic free silver organization,
says that so far as he and those whom he
represents are concerned, there is to be no
compromise whatever with the single gold
standard party.
"We are going," he says, "to make the
issue at Chicago next July. We propose
to force the fighting. We believe that the
people have been duly educated. I am
sure that we will have a majority of the
delegates to the National Convention. I
say this because of the correspondence my
committee has had with prominent Dem
ocrats in all States of the Union. We are
busy circulating our literature, and there
is no doubt whatever in ray mind that we
will control the declaration of the next
Democratic Convention upon the financial
question."
WILL MEET AT MACON.
Democrat* of Georgia Getting Heady for
the Campaign.
ATLANTA, Ga., March 7.— The Demo
cratic executive committee met to-day in
Atlanta pursuant to the call of Chairman
A. S. Clay. By a vote of 22 to 11 the com
mittee to-day decided to hold one State
convention for the election of delegates to
the National convention, choice of elec
tors and nomination of Governor and
Statebouse officers.
Thursday, June 5, was fixed for the date
of the convention and Macon as the place.
A letter from Congressman Crisp was pre
sented to the committee, suggesting that
he would like to have the Democratic
masses vote on the question of Senatorial
nomination for the iSenate in approaching
primaries. A resolution was adopted
which in effect refers the matter of Sena
torial primary to the independent action
of the several county Democratic execu
tive committees.
. DELEGATES INSTRUCTED.
Those Elected in Ohio Will Tote for Mc-
Kinley.
CLEVELAND, Ohio. March 7.— At the
Twenty-first District Congressional con
vention held here to-day Colonel Myron
T. Herrick and Sylvester T. Everett wer*
unanimously chosen delegates to the Re
publican National Convention at St. Louis,
James E. Benson (colored) and L. J. Ro
bottom were elected alternates, and Luther
Allen, ex-president of the Chamber of
Commerce, Presidential elector. Speeches
were made indorsing McKinley and the
delegates were instructed by resolution to
work for the Ohio candidate. Hon. T. E.
Burton was unanimously nominated for
Congress.
FROM LIXCOLX'S CABIX.
The Gavel Which Will Be Used at the
Republican Convention.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— The gavel
which will be used at the Republican Na
tional Convention in St. Louis is now on
exhibition at the Illinois Republican head
quarters in the Great Northern Hotel, hav
ing been brought to the city yesterday by
W. H. Barthelsof Carthage, 111., who of
fered it to the National Committee. The
boay is made of the wood from the log
cabin built by Abraham Lincoln at New
Salem, 111., in 1832. The presentation
speech will be made by Senator Berry, who
was Lincoln's partner when the cabin was
built.
Arms Shipped Openly.
CAPE TOWN, South Africa, March
7.— The Cape Town Times, in an article on
the arrest of Mr. Rutheiford, the local
agent of the De Beers Mining Company
here; and Gardner Williams (an Ameri
can), general manager of the De Beers
Mining Company at Kim berly, upon the
charge of removing arms without "licenae,
says :
"Two thousand guns were sent to the
Rand. They were part of a lot of guns
that were imported for use in the Mata
bele war and were not used. They have
remained here ever since. The guns were
forwarded openly by Rutherford on behalf
of the British South Africa Company.
They were consigned to Williams and the
cases which contained them were plainly
marked 'guns and arms.' It is probable
that funds will be raised for their de
fense."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
MAY RUPTURE
THE DREIBUND
Fears That the Radical
Element in Italy Will
Get Control.
ATTITUDE OF GERMANY
Formation of a Ministry Under
Di Rudini of Rather Doubt
ful Advantage.
CRITICISM OF NEWSPAPERS.
It Is the General Sentiment That
the War in Abyssinia Be Vigor
ously Prosecuted.
BERLIN, Germany, March 7.— Public
interest in international political affairs
has been completely absorbed by the sit
uation in Italy. It is not alone the de
plorable revelation of the weakness of
Italy as an ally that is feared, but that the
Dreibund may be ruptured if the Radical
element in Italy should get the upper
hand or that they should become practi-
cally in the ascendant through some
coalition which would render Italy's part
in the event of an European war no longer
reliable.
High official opinion deems even the
formation of a Ministry under the Marquis
di Rudini a doubtful advantage to Ger
man}'. Though under his former premier
ship Italy was a steadfast member of the
Triple Alliance, since he has been out of
office Rudini has displayed more and more
a tendency when occasion has offered to
criticize the alliance.
While he was in office, it Is now recalled,
he always treated the Dreibund as some
thing to be endured, and it is generally be
lieved that King Humbert is really the
solid rock upon which the alliance rests.
It is an open secret that he long ago as
sured Emperor William that he would
never assent to a Cabinet or accept a
Premier who had not been previously
pledged to the support of the alliance and
tnat it would therefore require a revolution
to shatter the existing relations between
the parties to the Triple Alliance.
Although the interest of Germany dis
tinctly lies in a cessation of the Italian
policy of venture abroad, the bulk of Ger
man sentiment approves a vigorous prose
cution by Italy of her war in Abyssinia.
The Colocne Gazette voices the opinion
of the Foreign Office in the matter in a
vigorous article in which it urges the
Italians to allow no narrow considerations
based upon merely monetary troubles to
prevent the vindication of the honor of
the nation. "If," the Gazette says, "the
patriotic ideal is followed and the cries of
cowardice are silenced, then Italy may
still carry weight in the councils of na
tions."
The Kreuz Zeitung blames Signor Crispi
for taking on half measures in Abyssinia,
and advises the conclusion of an honorable
peace with King Menelik as quickly as pos
sible, in order that Italy may keep her
soldiers at home to defend her own coun
try. This, the Zeitung thinks, is far more
desirable, not to say necessary, than the
enlargement of an African colony of
doubtful value at the cost of blood and
money greatly in excess of the advantages
to be derived.
The Zeitung also deplores the financial
and military weakness of Italy. There is
no confidence in the existing constitution
of the country, and if this feeling is main
tained the nation may be on the eve of a
revolution involving the overthrow of the
monarchy. A strone hand alone, the
paper says, can preserve Italy from ruin.
Count Goluchowski, Austrian Minister of
Foreign Affairs, is due in Berlin on Mon
dpy, when he will have a conference with
Prince yon Hohenlohe, the Imperial
Chancellor. An official communication
from Vienna says that the only purpose of
his visit is to return the visit to Vienna
made by Prince Hohenlohe last December,
but it is believed here that the object of
his coming is to consult with the German
Chancellor as to the position of Dreibund.
The Vienna Fremdenblatt intimates
that the coming interview between Count
Goluchowski and Prince Hohenlohe has
immediate connection with the recent
events in Italy, and adds that long prior
to the disaster of the Italian army at
Adowa. Count Goluchowski advised Pre
mier Crispi to conclude peace with King
Menelik.
The Austrian embassy here will give a
dinner to Count Goluchowski on Tuesday,
at which the Emperor and Empress and
most of the Embassadors will be present.
Prince Hohenlohe will entertain him at a
banquet on Thursday, and he will leave
for Vienna on March 14. The length of
the Austrian Foreign Minister's stay in
Berlin indicates that his visit is not one of
mere ceremony.
The Bundesrath has given its assent to a
petition presented by the city of Stettin
askine that part of the municipal territory
known as Molln Meadows become a free
port with the enjoyment of most of the
privileges possessed by free ports, such as
Hamburg. The authorities and residents
of Stettin justly hold that the concession
is one of the greatest importance to the
future development and prosperity of the
city as a great seaport.
Mrs. Runyon, widow of the late United
States Embassador to Germany, and her
daughters were the guests of the Empress
at luncheon on Tuesday.
Governor Griggs of New Jersey has sent
through the State Department at Wash
ington a letter of thanks to the American
colony in Berlin for the resolutions passed
at a meeting of the colony expressing
sorrow and sympathy at the death of the
late Hon. Theodore Runyon.
Mrs. F. C. Zimmerman, wife of the
United States Vice-Consul, and Deputy
Consul-General Zimmerman gave a dance
and supper at her residence on Thursday
to a hundred guests. Among the other
social events of the week were an "at
home" eiven by Mrs. Cleves Symmes and
parties by Mrs. Slafer and Mrs. Hunt of
Washington.
Zott Treaaure Recovered.
HAVANA, Cuba, Feb. 28 (via Tampa,
Fla., March 7). — The divers at work on the
wreck of the cruiser Sanchez Barcaizegui
have broken into the staterooms of the
submerged vessel. After much labor they
removed the fastenings of the treasure
chest. The chest was then hauled up and
landed on the deck. It contains consider
able gold. This cruiser was sunk last fall
at the entrance of this harbor by the Her
rar line-steamer Morter.
SPAIN'S DISORDERLY STUDENTS.
One Crowd Enters a Church During Devo
tions and Shouts -Death to
the Yankees."
MADRID, Spain, March 7.— The stu
dents of the university at Saragoza to-day
entered a church which was filled with
ladies at their devotions, and snouted
"Viva Espania" and "Death to the Yan
kees!"
Their actions for a time created a panic,
and most of the ladies left the church with
all possible speed. There was excitement
in the streets throughout the day. The
Governor of the province, the Mayor of the
town and the rector of the university mixed
with the groups of excited people and tried
their best to calm them.
Gendarmes are now patrolling the
streets and all public buildings are strong
ly euarded. A strong guard is stationed
aoout the American consulate at Cadiz.
To-day a number of medical students
hooted and stoned the gendarmes guard
ing the building. The latter charged upon
the mob and soon scattered it.
The Queen Regent drove to church this
afternoon. Crowds lined the streets
through which she passed and loudly
cheered her. The greatest enthusiasm was
manifested. General Azcaraga, Minister
of War, has received from an English
gentleman an offer to supply 10,000 ex
soldiers for the Spanish service on condi
tfon that he himself be given the com
mand of them.
BILBOA, Spain, March 7.— A manifes
tation of the popular feeling occurred at
the Eden Theater in this city to-night.
During the performance the French and
Spanish flaps were displayed, causing the
wildest enthusiasm, and vivas for a
France-Spanish alliance were repeatedly
and heartily given.
MALAGA, Spain, March 7.— The sailors
of the French warship Drome, at tnis
port, paraded the streets to-day singing
tne Spanish national anthem and the
"Marseillaise," and cheering for both
France and Spain.
JAMES H. M'VICKER GONE
Death of the Veteran Theater
Manager at His Home in
Chicago.
Became Noted as an Actor In the
Early Days of the Lake
City.
CHICAGO, 111., Marc£ 7.— Death came
painlessly this afternoon to James H. Mc-
Vicker, the veteran theater manager and
actor, at his home, 1842 Michigan avenue.
Four weeks ago he fell from a chair he was
sitting on, the cause being a paralytic
stroKe.
No arrangement for the funeral will be
made until the arrival of Horace Mc-
Vicker, the only son, from New York,
where ne is the manager of Abbey's Thea
ter. He will reach the city to-morrow.
McVicker's Theater, the oldest in the city,
was not closed to-night, because there was
not time to notify the patrons.
Mr. McVicker was in his seventy-fourth
year, naving been born in New York of
Scotch-Irish parents. He determined to
become an actor when 18 years old and
played several small characters before
coming here in 1848. His first appearance
on the btage here was at Rice's Theater in
"My Neighbor's Wife." His success was
assured from that time. He was a mem
ber of the stock company at that house,
now gone, for two years, the building be
ing burried in 1850 during a performance
of the opera "La Sonambula."
Rice's new theater was built in 1851 and
McVicker and his wife appeared in the
cast, he also acting as manager. In that
year he also appeared in a "Yankee"
character at the American Theater. New
York. He managed the People's Theater,
St. Louis, and in 1857 returned here to
build the theater which has always gone
by his name, although named the new
Chicago Theater. The famous house was
burned in the great fire and in 1890, but
friends always came to his aid. He died
worth $700,000 to $800,000. Hi 3 only
daughter, Mary, who died years ago, was
the first wife of Edwin Booth.
FRANCISCO BOCA DESERTS.
The Leader of the Nicaragua!! Revolution
ary Government Is Very Weary of
the War.
NEW YORK, N. V.. March 7.— A special
cable dispatch to the Herald from Mana
gua, Nicaragua, says that Francisco Boca,
President of the Revolutionary Govern
ment, has deserted and that he held Gen
eral Ortiz resDonsible for the terrible de
feat of the rebels at Nagarote. Boca also
asked the President of Salvador to inter
fere in the interests of peace.
President Zelaya wants the complete
surrender of ttie rebels. He guarantees
the lives of the men, except as to military
leaders, who will be tried by court-martial.
The rebels must pay the ox penes of the
campaign, delivering up all arms.
The Honduran troops are encamped near
Chinandega, Generals Benilla and Sierra
commanding. Other troops under Gen
eral Florep at San Marcos are preparing to
attack Estelli to-day.
The Government has 1000 men stationed
near Metapa and Matagalpa. The finan
cial condition of the country i* good, half
a million being still in the treasury.
There is no necessity for a forced loan.
PLOT AGAINST HIBPOLYTX.
Arrest and Seizure of Arms at Kingston,
Jamaica. • • • :
KINGSTON, Jamaica, March 7.— A ; plot
to take up arms against President Hippo
lyte of Hayti has been discovered at Port
au Prince. ; Fifty rifles have been seized in
the { house occupied by the mother of
General 7 Francois ; Manigat, the leader of
the revolutionary party, who •is now an
exile here, having been deported five years
ago for conspiracy against the administra
tion of 1 Hippolyte . ;.; The women and a
number of others have been arrested.
The Queen Going to France.
LONDON, Eng., March 7.— According
to the present programme the Queen will
start for France on Monday. She will be
accompanied by Prince Christian. Her
daughter, the widowed Princess Beatrice,
will meet her at Nice.
The Prince of Wales is timed to arrive
in the south of France on March 13, spend
ing a day or two at Paris en route. He Is
enjoying unusually good health.
To Challenge for the Cup.
LONDON, Eho., March 7.— Sir George
Newnes, the wealthy publisher, for whom
a yacht is being built by the Henderson
Bros, at Glasgow, informs the representa
tive of tbe United Press that be intended
to challenge with the new boat for the
America cup in 1897. He also stated
that the details of the yacht had not yet
been fully decided upon.
STARVING ON A
MODESTO RANCH
Turfman McCarty's Blooded
Horses Dying One
by One.
GIVEN NO SUSTENANCE.
Though "The Call" Exposed
the Cruelty the Authorities
Have Not Acted.
OVER FORTY HAVE PERISHED.
Rancher Canty Says He Will Let
All Starve if He Is Not Paid
for Their Food.
MODESTO, Cal., March 7.— Despite the
exposure in The Call ten days ago of the
horrible cruelty to a band of 300 horses be
longine to "Whitehat" McCarty, the San
Francisco turfman, and pastured on the
J. M. Canty ranch, not a morsel of food
has yet been given the animals,
and the authorities have taken no ac
tion. The case is one that would ap
peal to the better instincts of even an
Indian. The horses— all of them thor
oughbreds and some very valuable — are
dying at the rate of six or eight a day. Over
forty have already perished from starva
tion, and the rest, gaunt and staggering,
will probably never fully recover from
their present condition.
Canty absolutely refuses to turn the ani
mals into a better pasture until he has
been paid for feeding them. The field in
wnich they are now confined is totally de
void of grass, and the roots of weeds and
herbage have been pawed up and eaten by
the famished beasts. Many of them, still
living but unable to keep their feet, lie
upon the ground suffering agonies of which
they have not voice to complain; and yet
Canty, fearing a suit at law, will not al
low them to be shot. Canty has. however,
yielded a point, and says he will allow Mc-
Carty to remove the horses if he does so at
once. The rancher had been urged to turn
them loose, but this he steadily refused to
do. He was renting a pasture for the
money there was in it, and when the
money was not forthcoming a few dying
horses would not stand in the way of his
securing what was due him. Said Canty
to-day :
"I took in these horses and had an ex
press agreement that the pasturage bill
would be paid in advance every month.
Only one payment was made. I notified
McCarty, and even went to San Fran
cisco and told him he must pay or take
the stock. He promised, but failed to do
so. I notified him again, and Assembly
man Richards notified him, but no money
came. I knew the stock was mortgaged
to McCarty's son and I dad no security.
Pasturing stock is a part of my business,
and I refused to move the stock into an
other pasture because I cannot feed Mc-
Carty's or anyone else's for nothing. All
the feed was eaten off the land and about
forty horses died, and still there came no
money from McCarty. Two hundred
and ninety-five animals remained with
nothing to eat. If he will take them away
I will not hinder him, if he does so imme
diately. Some of these horses are as fine
bred as any in the United States, but I
positively won't feed them under the cir
cumstances."
It is said that District Attorney Ful
kerth and Sheriff Purvis have been inves
tigating the case, and that the former has
at last reached the determination that
somebody will be prosecuted in the crimi
nal courts if the thorouehbreds are not fed.
He intimates that that "somebody" will
be "Whitehat" McCarty. The friends of
the turfman cannot see the justice of a
prosecution against him rather than Canty.
That the horses have been starving has
been due to his inability, they say, to
raise the money with which to pay for
their feed. They declare that Canty has
pasture land on his island ranch, between
Laird Slough and Grayson Bridge, where
grass ankle deep is going to waste; that
the rancher could have held the band for
their feed and compelled McCarty to pay
him before taking them away, which
the horseman would have done as soon as
he could secure the money; but that, in
stead, Canty allowed them to starve to
death, one by one.
Secretary Holbrookof the Society for the
Prevention of Cruelty to Animals is urg
ing the District Attorney to act, and if the
horses are not either removed from the
ranch or turned into a pasture that is not
barren a prosecution may follow. People
who have been shocked by the almost
fiendish cruelty fear that the last horse's
bones will be bleaching in the sun before
anything is done.
BIG HAyDICAP riOEOy SHOOT.
The Winner Secured the Largest Prize
Ever Contested For.
RIVERTON, N. J., March . 7.— Thomas
S. Dando of the Riverton Gun Club to-day
won : the big  handicap on the Riverton
grounds, defeating among others Charley
McAiester, Fred Hoey, George Work and
Captain Morey. The conditions were 100
birds each, handicap ; rise and ? fifty yards
boundary. ' Each man contributed $100 as
an entrance fee, which as there were thir
teen entries, made the grand prize, $1300,
the largest ever shot for.
The shoot was started early," both
grounds : being used - and the shooters di
vided into squads. Dando shot splendidly
throughout, seeming to have all his speed
ana centering his birds nicely. Finletter
also did well. ) : Hoey and Work stuck de
terminedly :to their task, but had more or
less hard luck and could not keep to the
fore. . ■■ ■■ ■■'■■■■■.■'.■ ■\. ' ■'»■;&: ■ '■'■■ "... ■'- : . ; --; 1 ;'
- The weather was bright and toward the
end of the shoot, which was not concluded
until nearly dark, 1 the wind started blow
ing at a good brisk pace, which helped the
; birds : materially, especially on f the { river
grounds. ■■'■'■>. C :.--' i ''^',- '■:--,' ■--'. : > ;•" v"l
A match was , made .at ; the . close of the
shoot for teams of four men, representing
New York and Philadelphia. Dando won
the toss ; and ' decided that the shoot shall
be at Riverton within seven 'weeks. The
New York ; team will -^ probably be Hoey,
Work.Murphy and Palmer. Philadelphia
will have McAiester, Dando, Finletter and
Davis or Welch. :^ • - v
Following is the total of the handicap
shoot : \iv-fc; "■-■:':; -A '.'. ■■- i!--i^;^.'?;- ; -~'- - :: '- ''■■ '■■'■''' .^,".
Grand total— Dando killed 91, missed 9; Fin
letter killed 90, missed 10; Hoey killed 86,
missed 14; McAlpin killed 86, missed 14;
Thomas killed 82, missed 18; Langen killed
39, missed 15; McAlest* killed 81, missed 19;
Davis killed 85, missed 15; Toland killed 66,
missed 15; Ellison killed 57, missed 15; Work
killed 85, missed 15; Armstrong killed 65,
missed 15 ; Money killed 46, missed 15.
XO BECOBDS WEBE ItBOKEX,
But There Waa Some Good Sport at the
Tale Track Meeting.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. March 7.— The
annual meeting of the Yale Track Athletic
Association was held to-night at the Sec
ond Regiment Armory and was the most
brilliant ever held by the association. Fast
time and long distances were made in
every event. No records were broken.
Fifty-yard dasn— First, Gerard, Yale (3 feet).
Time, b\ seconds.
Half-mile run— First, Boardrnan, lale (oo
yards). Time, 2 :05 2-5.
One mile run— First, T. P.Conniff, Holy Cross
A. C. (scratch). Time, 4 :34 4-5.
Running high jump— First, Winsor, U. of P.
(scratch). Distance, o feet 9 inches.
Fifty yards hurdle— First, Van Inge n, Yale.
Time, 6% seconds.
One mile walk— First, Liebgold, N. J. A. C.
(10 seconds). Time, 6 :56.
Putting the snot— First, E. L. Hopkins, Bos
ton (3 feet). Distance, 36 feet 9 inches.
Pole vault— First, Allis, Yale (4% inches), 10
feet 6 inches.
The Cht'xs Championship Match.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., March 7.— The
fifth game of the chess championship
match was played to-day. The game was
splendidly played on Showalter's part.
It lasted a little over five hours. Score :
Showalter 3, Kemeny 1, drawn 1. Sho
waiter won on the thirty-ninth move,
Kemeny resigning.
Garden City Cyclers' Belay.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— Great inter
est is being manifested by the Garden City
Cyclers in the 100-mile relay race in April.
Their team this year will oe a strong one,
and will be composed aa follows: Otto
Ziegler, Wilbur Edwards, Henry Smith,
Vie Benson, H. Downing, E. M. Smith,
Tony Delmas, Koma Dow, Earl Keiser and
Campbell.
Will Xot Sell Alix.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— Monroe
Salisbury states to-night that there is no
truth in the report of the sale of Alix, the
champion trotter. He said that be would
ship Alix and Azote back West to-morrow.
SANTA CLARA'S FORTUNE
Fruit Uninjured by the Recent
Snowfall and Freezing
Weather.
Results of an Investigation Con*
ducted by Horticultural Com
missioner Ehrhorn.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.—Horticul
tural Commissioner Ehrhorn, in discuss-
ing the effect upon fruit of the cold weather
during the recent storm, said that he had
made careful and extensive investigations
of orchards in various sections of the val
ley, and that not the slightest injury had
been done the growing fruit crop in Santa
Clara Valley. He said :
'At the present time the peach, almond
and apricot blossoms are out in a perfect
and thrifty condition. On some I noticed
only a slight effect on the outer petals, but
the interior was as free from frost as if
none had appeared. The prune and the
cherry crops are not far enough advanced
yet to be at all subject to frost, and for
that reason there is no occasion for alarm
as to those trees.
"From various fruit centers along the
eastern and western sides of the valley I
have received reports from the leading
growers, and they concur with what I
have ascertained by my actual investiga
tion. I found that at 7 o'clock each morn
ing during the cold snap the thermometer
registered 36 degrees, which shows
that the frost hadn't prevailed long
enough to have had any serious effect."
EXCAVATED YEABS AGO.
Discovery of an Old Well in the Center of
a Hi-ghway.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— A discovery
of an old well in the center of the San
Francisco road, near Mountain View, was
made this afternoon. Charles Schwall,
driving along the highway with a team of
horses and a light rig, broke through the
crust of earth over the top of the well, but
he was going so fast that he escaped with
out injury.
Koadmaster William W. Garlipp then
investigated, and made the discovery that
the opening was into a deep and large well.
The diameter at the top was over six feet.
It had a large amount of water in it and
its depth could not be ascertained, although
some soundings were made. The well,
whose existence was not known to any of
the present residents of the neighborhood,
is believed to be over fifty years old.
EJECTED JFBOM A TBAIX.
Damages Demanded, for a Forced Sojourn
on the Color ado Desert.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— A. S. Me-
Williams, a prominent resident of this
city, to-day filed a suit in the Superior
Court against the Atchison, Topeka and
Santa Fe Railway Company for $20,000
damages alleged to have been caused the
plaintiff by being put off a train at Blake
Station, in the middle of the Colorado
Desert, last November.
McWilliams purchased a ticket from El
Paso to San Jose, and rode as far as Blake,
when the conductor ejected him. Mc-
Williams offered the conductor $10, the
difference between a first and second class
ticket, but the latter refused to accept the
money, and give him a receipt.
McWilliams was obliged to spend the
night at Blake, and he alleges that he con
tracted an illness, from which he has not
yet recovered.
Sued by Mis Patient.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7. — Seth
Churchill to-day began suit against Dr.
Fred Bangs, who conducts a private sani
tarium on North Third street, for $5000
damages alleged to be because of the negli
gence and unskillfulness of the physician
while treating him for a dislocation of the
left arm at the wrist. In 1894 Churchill
met with an accident whereby the bones
of the left foreaYm were forced apart at the
place where they join the wrist, and it is
alleged that by the neglect of the de
fendant in setting the bones he has lost
the use of his wrist and become crippled
for life.
JPalo Alto Delegate*.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— Palo Alto
Parlor No. 82, Native Sons of the Golden
West, has elected B. A. Herrington and
W. H. Carmichael delegates to the Grand
Parlor, which convenes in San Luis Obispo
in May. W. T. Nolting and W. Binder
were elected alternates.
Campbell Veterans Organize.
SAN JOSE, Cal., March 7.— A Union
Veterans' Association has been organized
at Campbell with a membership of about
thirty. Colonel S. F. Cooper was elected
president and W. W. Turney secretary.
The association will hold a reunion in
April.
Little Damage at St. Helena.
ST. HELENA, Cal., March 7.— An ex
amination of local orchards shows that
the damage by the snow and ice was not
as extensive as at first announced. Early
figs are killed and almonds considerably
damaged. Early peaches were badly
blighted in a few exposed orchards, but
others were scarcely touched. Orchardists
say they will be recouped for all loses by
the increase in quality and size of the fruit
unhurt, except the almonds.
NEW TO- DAT. "■ -_•
wmr
®®®®®®®®®<§Xi)®^^
TM
i THE
SWEETS!
Owing to the overwhelming
reception which our grand final
sale received at the hands of the
public this week, and the big
overflow and outpour of the
masses Saturday (a day never
to be forgotten), we have been
prevailed upon, and as a cour-
tesy due to the many who could
not receive attention Saturday,
we've decided to extend this
greatest of all sales of ours for
another week.
It has proved one of the big-
gest drawing cards, one of the
greatest new - customer - getters
that the big store has ever held.
■--%■-'■■,',■ ■ B
The above picture hardly does
justice to the cleverness of the
Suits in those fine Blue and
Black Serge Cheviots at
-$7.00-
Is it a wonder, then, with such
cleverly tailor-made garments,
with such brand new Spring
styles, that the big store was
crowded all week ?
You that were there need no
telling regarding the success of
this sale, but you that weren't
have now an opportunity of at-
tiring yourselves in the very
swellest of clothes for Spring at
-$7.00-
You'll join the rest of the
people in saying, that twice ; .$7
is nearer the .right price for the
Suits and Overcoats. You'll see
'em in our big corner window.
RAPHAEL'S
(INCORPORATED).
THE :' FRISCO ; BOYS, .
9,lU3,lsKearnySt
34
SAN DIEGO'S GAY
WATER CARNIVAL
Thousands of People View
a Dazzling Pageant
at Night.
■
BARGES iIN A PARADE.
Intricate Maneuvers Executed
by Brilliantly Lighted
Craft.
THE PROCESSION A MILE LONG.
Officers and Marines From the United
States Cruisers Join in the
Revelry.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March 7.—Thou
sands of strangers, winter tourists
and residents swarmed to the city front
to-night to witness and participate in the
dazzling water fetes. The weather was per
fect, the water unruffled by a single breeze.
Hundreds of small craft, ablaze with light
and crowded with merrymakers, man
euvered in reckless 'propinquity to the dan
gerous-looking commerce-destroyers of
Uncle Sam's navy, while music and laugh
ter arose like a grand joy -song from a
' square mile of water. For San Diego" j
carnival was a success.
The procession was over a raile'in length
and composed of barges, launches, tow
boats, yachts — in fact, all manner of craft, i
artistically and brilliantly decorated "with
lanterns atd colored lights, and contain
ing hundreds of pretty girls, uniformed
officers of the navy, marines, civilians,
bands of music and orchestras.
At 3 o'clock the procession started from J
beacon No. 8 and began to wind in and out
among the big warships at anchor. All
the vessels, including the Philadelphia,
Thetis, Albatross, the German ship Ori
ent, the Nicaraguan schooner Pacheco and
a fleet of schooners, were beautifully
lighted, and as the glittering carnival be
gan to reach its height the big flashlights
of the Philadelphia were turned upon the
throng of boats ana paled into insignifi
cance the puny glamour of the thousands
of electric lights.
Here, there, everywhere the white streak
of light was thrown, now- outlining the |
circuitous path of the revelers along the j
water, now shooting athwart the rigging I
of other ship?, now illumining the city in
a white glare.
Meanwhile the small craft were turning
around the frowning sides of the Philadel
phia and dodging past the anchored }
barges, where great roars' and explosions
marked the spouting of fireworks. The
design of the line of inarch was intricate,
but. beautifully executed. The thousands
of spectators, whether gathered near by J
on the wharves or several miles away on I
the city heights, were alike treated to a [
scene of novel beauty, rivaling the storied I
pageants of Venice when doge and senator
passed in picturesque procession to glory
or death.
A single mishap occurred, and that was
when a laughing girl fell into the bay from
a barge. Her escort jumped into tbe water
and rescued her without difficulty. She is
a member of one of the numerous rowing
clubs and is almost daily seen swimming
in the bay, so her informal ducking did
not alarm her. She came out laughing
like a Naiad, and the carnivai, temporarily
demoralized, continued its way.
The night's festivities wound up by ail
the craft in the line forming a labyrinth
wherein all the lights, music and fun be
came tangled in an intricate design, ap
pearing at a distance to be a magnificent
jewel upon the dark waters of the bay.
WILL yoT BE SOLD.
San fiieyo's Mamtnoth Sew Brewery la
Not on the HarUet.
BAS DIEGO, Cai.., March 7.— lt was
rumored here that the San Diego Brewing
Company had sold to the San Francisco
Brewery Association. John G. Hinkel,
president of the company, is in San Fran
cisco. He was asked to-night by wire as
to tbe truth of the rumor and his reply
was, "No truth in report whatever; brew
ery not for sale at any price. "
The San Diego Brewery is now under
construction and will De one of the largest
establishments in the State when com
pleted. The main building will be six
stoTies in height and the entire cost of the
plant will be "about $200,000. The founda
tion ia aow being laid and contracts have
been let for the machinery. If the brew
ery remains out of the trust it may result
in a big beer war on this coast during tbe
summer, as the San Diego plant will have
beer on tap by July 4.
FRES.\O'S COSTLY J'ILLARS.
One Thotißand Dollar Pilatters Replaced
for Sixty Dollars.
FRESNO, Cal.. March 7.— Pilasters came
high, but the county, under the manage
ment of a former Board of Supervisors,
paid for them. This refers to posts as
dome supports on the Courthouse prior to
the fire last July. The additional beams
■was under consideration by the Board of
Supervisors to-day. Mr. McCann, super
intendent of reconstruction of the Court
house, was pointing out where, in his
judgment, certain changes in the original
plans would be desirable. It was proposed
by McCann to give six additional iron
pilasters to support the dome.
There were four under the old dome,
and they are there yet. The six new ones
will make ten in all. They are heavy iron
pillars from the ground to the base of the
dome. This change was adopted by the
board without a dissenting vote.
But one important point was brought
out. which caused the Supervisors to look
at each other and wonder what was com
ing next. It was in regard to the price to
be paid for thf-se pilasters. Mr. McCann
agreed to put them in just like the old
ones for s6o each.
The surprise lay in the fact that the old
ones had cost the county more than $1000
each. The only conclusion was that the
county had paid from ten to fifteen times
as much for the old ones as it should
have paid. The old pilasters were put in
by Smilie Bros. Mr. McCann's proposal
to put others in for $60 each was such a
surprise that the board at first thought
that he must be mistaken, but he insisted
that he was not mistaken and that the
work could be done for that, notwithstand
ing the county had paid $1000 each for
similar pillars less than three years ago.
(harmed Life of a Bolinaa Chick.
BOLINAB, Cal., March 7.— John Mc-
Coy of this place found a drowned chicken
in his milk barrel yesterday. Not wishing
to allow his cat to contract the bad habit of
eating chickens, dead or aiive, he threw
the carcass into a furnace which he had
left to cool off. When he came back in the
evening to prepare the chick for burial the
bird walked out of the furnace and scamp
ered away, to McCoy's great astonishment.
The heat had revived the chicken and it is
now well and happy.
FEXCED IX A FRESXO ROAU.
hand Wanted by the Valley Road Claimed
by an Illinois Stun.
FRESNO, Cal., March 7.— lt has been
ascertained that a gentleman from Illinois,
by name John Kirk, a brother of County
School Superintendent Kirk of this county,
i owns a valuable bit of the earth's surface
near this city. Dr. A. J. Pedlar of the
local Committee of Ten of the San • Joa
quin Valley road appeared before : the
Board of Supervisors and presented a
communication • from the County Sur
veyor regarding a road over which the
Valley Railway is desirous of running its
line. The Supervisors were asked to gfant
the right of way along that road.
It is found that a portion of. the road
has never been . declared ; a public high
way, aud the owner, of the land, Mr.
Kirk, learning that the Valley road would
ask for a right of way there has fenced it
in, and now the land must be condemned.
The County Surveyor states that the road
had been used by the public for more than
ten years. The Supervisors will at once
proceed to open ; the road, even if it be
comes necessary to condemn the land.
The Supervisors have not announced
what they propose doing with the road
when they open it, but the inference is
clear it will: be transferred to the Valley
road, and will become the route for the
railway. About ninety days will be re
quired to clear the title tor the land.
POTTER'S TACOMA ESTATE.
»«* Than $1000 north of Property
Left to 11 is Widow.
TACOMA, Wash.. March 7.— Mrs. Alice
Kersaw Potter, widow of H. Cranston Pot
ter, whose body was found on the beach
near the Cliff House at San Francisco a
month ago, was to-day appointed admin
istratrix of the estate. Contrary to gen
eral belief, the deceased was practically
without property, uearij- ali of the large
holdings here being in his father's name.
Affidavits hied to-day set the value of the
property at under $1000.
CAUGHT NEAR BRIGHTON
Alleged Slayer of Two Japa
nese Tourists Captured on
a Ranch.
Proves to Be an Ex-Convict, Who
Murdered a Sacramento Man
Years Ago.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 7.— Ever
since the brutal and unprovoked murder
of the two Japanese near Arno station last
Tuesday Sheriff Johnson and his deputies
have been scouring the surrounding coun
try in an endeavor to capture the murder
er, of whom he obtained an accurate de
scription from the wounded Jap who died
after being brought to this city. This af
ternoon, white in the vicinity of Brighton,
eight miles from this city, he learned that
a man answering the description had ob
tained employment at the ranch of James
Rutter. Accompanied by Deputy McDon
ald he visited the ranch and found that
the description obtained from the dying
Jap tallied with the appearance of the
stranger. He was dressed in light trousers
and dark coat, wore a Derby hat and the
ends Of his mustache were lighter than
the rest.
Sheriff Brown placed the man under ar
rest and brought him to this city. On ar]
riving here the prisoner was immediately
identified as Simon Raton, the Russian
who unprovokedly shot and killed James
Lansing in this city in 1883, and who so
narrowly escaped lynching at the time
from the hands of the citizens, it having
been necessary to call out the militia with
Gatling guns to guard the jail day and
night. Raton was sentenced to State's
prison for life, but was pardoned by Gov
ernor Markbam.
Katon, when interviewed by the authori
ties, gave an interesting account of his
wanderings aU over the United States
since his release from the prison on Feb
ruary y, 1895. He claims to have left
Stockton last Sunday night, and says that
he arrived at Rutter's ranch on Tuesday,
but Mrs. Rutter claims that he came there
Wednesday morning.
The murderer of the Japs was seen by a
gang of section men, but it was impossible
to get them to Sacramento to-night, and it
cannot be definitely ascertained whether
Raton is the murderer or not until they
have seen him.
When arrested and searched Raton was
found to have two watches in his posses
sion, a nickel watch and a silver one with
chain and charm attached, the latter of
which answered the description of the
watch and chain taken from the murdered
Japanese. This was found secreted in the
inside pocket of Katon's vest. His pocket
knife was also found to be encrusted with
blood stains, although in no case was
either Jap stabbed.
Raton tells numerous conflicting stories
and Sheriff Johnson feels positive that he
is the murderer.
SACRA MEN TO HE FA. VL XER.
Frank Mallory Found to Have Fleeced
tit* Butter Club.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., March 7.-Frank
Mallory, assistant secretary of the flutter
Club in this city, whose sudden disappear
ance last Thursday gave rise to any
amount of surmise on the part of his
friends and acquaintances, was fully ac
counted for this evening when the safe of
that institution was opened by an expert,
whose services had been procured by
the club members, and it was found
that all the funds of the institu
tion on deposit in the safe had
disappeared, together ■ with sundry
amounts that had been left on deposit by
various members. There are also numer
ous unpaid bills which have been pre
sented since Mallory's disappearance and
which were supposed to have been paid
by him. In all, the club has probably
suffered to the extent of $2000, partially
covered by a bond in the sum of $1000 in
the Pacific Surety Company.
It is believed that Mallory has gone to
Cuba, as for some time he bad evinced a
great interest in the welfare of the Cuban
insurgents and had ofteu expressed a de
sire to aid them. His young wife is
Utterly prostrated at the news of his defal
cations.
Fresno Lighting Contract.
FRESNO, Cal.. March 7.— The contract
for lighting the city of Fresno for the year
ending April 15, 1897, was to-day awarded
to the San Joaquin Electric Company,
whose plant is operated by water-power
thirty-five miles from the city. The rate
is less than one-third of the old rate.
There will be three or four times the num
ber of lampß as at present.
Suicide at Santa Ana.
SANTA ANA, Cal., March 7.— Mrs. M.
Kia.ien of this city committed suicide to
day by swallowing strychnine. Before
dying she told her husband she had taken
the poison. The woman attempted to end
her life eight years ago. She was afflicted
; with mental aberration.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
MT. TAMALPAIS
RAILWAY STRIKE.
Teamsters on the Scenic
Road Walk Out in
a Body.
SAT THEY ARE ROBBED.
Orders From the Commissary
Enrage the Already Dis
gusted Laborers.
FORCED TO BUY TIN PAILS.
An Attempt to Make Them Subsist on
Cold Lunches Precipitates
the Trouble.
MILL VAT-LEY, Cal., March 7.— At
noon to-day all the teamsters employed
by the California Construction Company
in the building of the Mill Valley and
Mount Tamaloais scenic railroad struck.
The walkout was caused by an order is
sued from the commissary department to
the effect that each man would be com
pelled to buy from the store of the con
struction company a tin dinner-pail cost
ing 3o cents, and in it carry his. lunch for
the day. The men refused to buy the din
ner-pails, and asserted that they would re
fuse to work unless they were given lunch
at the camp.
When 12 o'clock arrived to-day there
was no lunch, and the twenty-five team
sters unhitched their horses from the dirt
wagons and came back to Mill Valley,
where they put the animals into their
proper stalls in the large stable used by
the construction company, near Eastland
station.
President Egan's lecture to the com
missary some days ago, in which he told
him that unless the men were better
treated he would hire some one else to
manage the commissary department,
seems to have had little effect.
One of the men who Btruck to-day was
seen by a Call correspondent. He said
that the men did not blame the California
Construction Company, but they did
blame the commissary, who from the first
had ill treated them.
•'President Egan," said the man. "we
believe is trying to do the right thing by
us, but we will not eat cold lunches on the
mountain when we are competed to pay
$5 25 a week for board. We object to pay
ing 3d cents or any sum for a dinner pail
from the store of tne construction com
pany. There are about twenty-five of us
teamster?, and we do not intend to go to
work again unless this is counted as a
full day's work and we receive full pay
for it.
"What the trouble is," he continued,
"is that the commissary is trying to make
a record at the expense of us fellows work
ing for $1 75a day and paying |6 25 a weak
for meals."
The men seem determined to stand
their ground, and President Egan will
probably be compelled to discharge th^
commissary before anything like harmony
reigns in the camp.
WARBLERS FROM. IRELAND.
Still Valley Hills and Dales May Ring
With Their Joyous Notes.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 7.— The
secretary of the Mill Valley Improvement
Club, Thomas Fotrell, has received word
from Ireland in regard to the importation
of song birds. A number of Mill Valley
citizens not long ago formed a club for the
purpose of importing and raising Emerald
Isle warblers in Mill Valley. Action in
the matter was delayed until communica
tion could be had with people in Ireland
as to obtaining them. The letter received
by the secretary of the Improvement
Club from Mr. Molony, ( a Mill Valley
citizen, now residing for a short time in
Ireland, states that it will be possible to
obtain all the birds needed at very little
expense.
Mr. Molony writes that the only diffi
culty that he sees will be tho shipping of
them to Mill Valley. He suggests that
the birds be sent by some Northern route,
so as to avoid the extreme heat.
The secretary of the Improvement Club
said to-day that he thought the difficulty
mentioned by Mr. Moiony could easily be
overcome. The birds could be sent in the
same manner as they are sent to dealers
in the cities. Mr. Molony's communica
tion will be handed over to the gentlemen
of Mill Valley who have taken the matter
in hand.
It is probable that immediate action will
be taken by the bird-fanciers, and before
the summer is over it is expected the hills
and dales about Mill Valley will ring with
joyous notes.
COXGREOATIONALISTB UNITE.
Construction of a New Church Soon to
Be Commenced.
MILL VALLEY, Cal., March 7.— The
Congregational church of Mill Valley has
been organized, with fourteen members.
Rev. John Rea is pastor. The council for
the completion of the organization and its
recognition and reception into the General
Association of Congregational Churches
will convene in Mill Valley next Saturday
afternoon. A number of prominent min
isters will be present and the exercises will
be of an interesting character.
Mr. Rea said that work on the new
church would be commenced in a few
weeks, as the plans were drawn and
enough money had been subscribed into
the building fund to warrant the erection
of the church.
Marsh Will Not Leave.
MILL VALLEY, Cai,., March 7.— George
F. Marsh, who owns the Japanese villa
in Mill Valley, and who threatened to
move away and sell his place if the electric
mountain road ran upon Corte Madera
avenue near his residence, has won ais
fight, and the route of the road was re-
Burveyed and made to run by the side of
Corte Madera avenue, instead of crossing
it, as was the original Intention. Mr.
Marsh is quite elated at his victory, and
has now given up his intention of selling
the property.
CHILES VALLEY GOLD.
Prospector • Moss cover* a Ledge of
* , Paying Ore. .
1 ST. HELENA, Cal., March 7.—Excite
ment has been created here and in Chiles
Valley ; by , the ' discovery ;of ; gold in ; the
hills near the old Chiles mill. For four
months past '. Thomas ' Moss, with 'an ex
pert miner, has been working to uncover
a ledge which he believed to contain gold
in paying quantities, and he has had sev
eral assays made, w Reports from three of
them just received show that the rock will
yield from $70 to $100 per ton of free gold,
and there is a large quantity of the rock
insight. .■/::<-.■,- fr:r:.-:~ --■■- ■:■;-:■-■ ■
The. mine is ten miles east of St. Helena
and easy of access. To-day a number of
residents of that locality will commence
prospecting for other ledges, and experi
enced miners express faith in the develop
ment of a rich mining district.
PAR A VISE PLATEAU OLIVES.
Grown in a Red hoain Wiiich Impart* a
Peculiar Firmness and Flavor.
CHICO, Cal., March 7.— ln the foothills
| of the Sierras, fourteen miles from Chico
in a northwesterly direction, lies the
Paradise Plateau, a tract of forty-two
square miles, at an altitude of 1650 feet
above the sea. It is reached by a wagon
road through the valley to the foot of the
hills, thence by an easy four-mile grade.
The Boil of this region is a rich, red loam,
taking its color from the presence of the
red oxide of iron, which imparts to the
fruit grown here its firmness of texture,
high color and deiicious flavor. The soil
seems to be especially adapted to the
growth of the olive and the prune. A num
ber of small prune orchards planted here
six or seven years ago nave been in bear
ing for two years past, and their yield nas
sold for prices far in excess of any grown
in the valley country on account of their
superior size and flavor.
On this plateau there are several small
olive groves and one quite large one, be
longing to Dr. Mack of Chico. Dr. Mack
has sixty-five six and eight year old trees
of the Mission and Picholine varieties,
which have been in bearing for the past
two years. During the coming summer
ne intends to build oil works. Dr. Mack
has now some of the crop pickled in the
fall of 1894, and they are still as firm as
when picked from the trees.
BAN BERXARVISO FAILURE.
Jonat Bros.' Clot.iinrj Store Closed on an
Attachment.
SAN BERNARDINO, Cal., March 7.—
Th3 clothing house of Jonas Bros, was
closed this morning on an $18,000 attach
ment. The creditors are Neustadter <fe Co.
of San Francisco for $14,431 and the Bank
of San Bernardino for $3546. This firm has
branch stores also at Oakland and Santa
Cruz, and the failure is said to be due to
the embarrassment of the Oakland house.
The firm in this city has been doing a
splendid business and the closing of the
store causes general regret. J. N. Jonas,
the manager in this city, says it is proba
ble that matters will be gettled in a day
or so.
SANTA ROSA'S SCHLATTER
Putnam, the Victoria "Healer,"
and His Christian-Science
Home.
Many Sonoma County Pupils Still Prac
tiring His Faith-Cure
Methods.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 7.— Dr. Wal
ter Putnam, who is reported to have
healed hundreds of people in British Co
lumbia by methods similar to those of
Schlatter, the Denver "Messiah," and
wtio suddenly disappeared from Victoria
yesterday, formerly resided here. While
here the doctor established a "Christian
Science Home," which is still in operation
in charge of his sister.
In this city Dr. Putnam did not attempt
any cures by the laying on of hands nor
by any of the methods now used by the
numerous "healers." All that he required
his patients to do was to believe them
selves well — to have faith enough to be
lieve that the rheumatism, gout, neuralgia
or whatever ailment complained of was
imaginary and all in their mind, when,
presto 1 the lame walked and tho blind
saw.
Many pupils of Dr. Putnam are still
here practicing faith cure, and many pa
tients are vainiy striving for the faith that
cures.
HELD JO A CONTRACT.
Farmer Jewell Will Receive the Full
Value of Hit Hops.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., March 7.— The case
of the Santa Rosa National Bank vs. Flint
& Co. was argued and given to the jury to
day. It took the jury but a few minutes
to decide upon a verdict for the plaintiff
for the full amount sued for— s24Go.
The action was brought to compel Flint
<fe Co. to fulfill a contract made with Sam
uel R. Jewell of this place, wherein they
agreed to purchase his hop crop for 15
cents a pound. When the crop was har
vested Flint & Co. refused to live up to the
contract, claiming that the hops were not
up to the standard in quality. Jewell was
forced to sell his crop for the market price,
which was about 4 cents a pound, and the
action just decided was for the difference
between the price sold for and that which
Flint & Co. had agreed to pay.
CARSON'S BOGUS MELTS
Prosecution in the Jones Trial Is
Fixing the Date of the
Thefts.
Assayer Ellis Tells of Suspicious Pro
ceedings in the Refiner's
Room.
CARSON, Nev., March 7.— Melter and
Refiner Hirsch Harris of the mint to-day
testified at the trial of John T. Jones for
the alleged stealing of bullion that be had
sent experimental bullion to the refinery
to teat the honesty of the men; that detec
tives had been hired to watch Likens,
O'Connor and Bradly, but nothing was
found against them.
Pearis Ellis, the assayer, corroborated
Harris in regard to the Bodie melt and the
bogus bar. He said that on June 21, 1893,
the work in the lefinery was prolonged un
til 6 o'clock. A reinelt was being made.
As this was the night on which the prose
cution claims the bogus melt waa made,
Ellis' testimony is Important. The re
finers, he said, claimed to be remelting
gold deposit No. 14. It assayed 544>£
ounces in gold, and in silver 407 ounces.
He could not say whether they were realty
melting the Bodie bar or the one they
claimed. The points were very nearly the
same. Remelting refines the metal ; the
melt lacked 54 of the lOuO, and the Bodio
bar was very close to this. There was no
necessity of re melting it.
The prosecution claims that the remelt
of this bar waa fraudulently reported, to
cover the melting of the bogus bar. Har
ris has sworn that some of the bars bad
the figures in a straight line and some zig
zag. Ellis said he had never critically ex
amined the figures.
The attornoy laid stress on the fact that
the figures on the spurious bar were zigzag,
indicating that it was done by a rmn of no
experience. Ellis, when questioned, said
that he could not tell about the experience
of the man who stamped the bars, but it
looked as though it was done in a hurry.
The bars were exhibited to the jury.
The trend of the testimony to-day was in
proof of the contention that the bogus melt
was made on June 21, under a pretext of
melting other bars.
ASIATIC INROADS
AT LOS ANGELES
White Workmen Forced
Out by Mongolians and
Japanese.
CHEAP LABQR INVASION
Need of National Interference
Urged at a Citizens' Mass- .
Meeting.
STEONO BOYCOTT ADVOCATED.
The Government Scored for Its Failure
to Intercede for the White
Laborer.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., March 7.—
Through a singular oversight the anti
Japanese and Chinese demonstration to
night did not conic up to expectations. A
large crowd assembled in front of Council
of Labor Hall, on Mew High street, and
patiently awaited for the band to put in
an appearance. Many finally became dis
gusted and went away. It ■S'as given out
early in the day that the Musical Union
had donated music for the occasion. There
must have been a misunderstanding.
Finally the parade started without music
and a comparatively small crowd marched
to Hazard's Pavilion, where an audience
of about 12*30 had assembled to listen to
the speeches. H. E. Fisk, formerly presi
dent of the Council of Labor, called the
meeting to order and introduced the first
speaker, prefacing the introduction with a
short speech. A few months ago, he said,
thsre were only two or three Japanese res
taurants in this city; now there were sev
enteen.
Gradually the Asiatics had been making
inroads upon the white restaurateurs of
this city until the proprietors of the latter
bad become alarmed. Many cooks and
waiters were walking the streets, unable
to obtain employment.
Rev. Will A. Knighten, an old Califor
nian, was introduced and hi 3 speech was
repeatedly cheered. He said he had never
patronized Japanese or Chinese restaurants
and never would, and believed that it was
the duty of white men to refrain from pa
tronizing these places.
Mr. Knighten was followed by Judge W.
T. Williams, who believed in boycotting
these places; that it was just and right.
Professor W. Bowman, in a characteristic
speech and in an impassioned manner,
presented the matter from a socialistic
standpoint. Mr. Bowman was followed
by Job Harriman, well known in labor
ranks in San Francisco. He agreed with
Professor Bowman that no blame was
attached to these foreigners for taking
au vantage of the Government's invitation
to come here; but the Government and
the politicians, who made such things pos
sible, canw in for a severe roasting, and
this seatirnent was vigorously applauded.
The Asiatics, he said, were unlike all
ot her foreigners, in that they could never
assimilate witii and become citizens of
this country, and for this reason they
should be boycotted.
Notwithstanding the drawbacks the
meeting was a success, and will result in
good.
MUST REIMBURSE THE STATE.
Sixth District Agricultural Director* Ii»
--buKcil by the. Governor.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., Marcn 7.— The
board of directors of the Sixth District
Agricultural Association at a meeting
this morning listened to a homily from
Governor Budd. Those present were the
directors, who were accused of minor mis
deeds some time ago, which caused an in
vestigation.
The Governor read the report of the ex
pert who had examined the books. This
snowed that a bad system of accounts had
been followed, and the directors were repri
manded for allowing its use. Then the
Governor told the accused directors that
they had done wrong in paying them
selves $5 each for attending meetings of
the board. He said that he had no doubt
they had done as they had with the best
of motivee, but he would have to insist on
their returning the sums they had paid
themselves, which aggregate a tew hun
dred dollars.
The directors are: J. C. Newton, George
Hinds, W. H. Wylie, C. C. Brown and
Dan Stephens.
♦
Fresno Horticulturist* Unite.
FRESNO, Cal., March 7.— The Fresno
County Horticultural Society was formed
here to-day, with thirty- three charter
members. W. "VV. Phillips was elected
president, B. E. Hutchinson vice-presi
dent and 0. B. Olufs secretary and treas
urer. Steps were taken to establish a
fruit cannery at Fresno. Sentiment was
strong against consigning fruits to East
ern brokers to sell on commission.
Encountered Frigid Gales.
VICTORIA, 8.C., March The steam
ship Victoria of the Northern . Pacific line
arrived here from China and Japan to-day,
after a-, fourteen-and-a-half-day l passage
during the coldest weather she ever experi
enced . crossing the I Pacific to this ■•■ port.
During the voyage the mercury . fell - to : 15
deg. . below j zero, and the vessel at times
presented an Arctic appearance.
PALO ALTO'S SOCIAL HOP
The Sophomore Cotillon Goes
Down in Class History as
a Success.
Contentions That May Result in the
Basket-Bali Match Being De
claied Off.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal.,
March 6.— The sophomore cotillon last
night was attended by about fifty couples,
and the affair was one of the most success
ful of its kind that ever took place here.
Financially, however, the expenses of the
function far exceeded the revenues. The
next social dance will not take place for a
month, when the junior hop will follow
the festivities of Junior day. The final
social event is the senior hop, which occurs
at the end of the semester— some time dur-
iug the latter part of May.
Since the rain set in, athletics of all
kinds have had to drop, and until the fields
dry off athletes|are compelled to train in
the gymnasium, chafing under a restraint
which none enjoy. Beginning on Mon
day, there will be a revival of activity on
field, track and diamond. A baseball
game was to have been played to-day, but
Captain McLaine was unwilling to have
the nine at work on a muddy field. Coach
Lange manages to keep the batteries at
work pretty regulariy, and has the
pitchers busy if a dry spot is anywhere
available. The players, as a rule, do not
show the improvement that might be cx
i pected, though most of them have turned
out regularly for daily practice. The com
mon fault seems to be an indisposition to
work hard and with the necessary will.
On the track the athletes intend to go in
for hard training as soon as weather and
grounds permit. The next field day will
be awaited with considerable interest, in
asmuch as the records made in the soDho
more-freshman match were made with a
high wind, which affected all the results.
In the case of the sprints, jumps and
vaults the records were much better than
they might otherwise have been. In the
long runs and walks they were poorer
than would have been the case had no
wind prevailed. Nevertheless the results
in some events were astonishing, «nd
there is a desire to have another meet here
as soon as possible, in order to see just
what the men can do.
Unless the Berkeley co-eds are willing
to play on regular grounds out of doors
with the Stanford basket-ball team it is
not likely that any match will take place.
Captain McCray and most of her players
would be willing to grant almost any con
ditions asked by the Berkeley girls in
order to induce them to accept the Stan
ford challenge, but as the Stanford players
have never played the game on a board
floor there would be great hesitancy in
granting such a condition.
Seattle J>rydoek Inspection.
SEATTLE, Wash., March 7.— The offi
cial test and inspection of the Government
drydock at Port Orchard will be made on
March 20 by the United States steamer
Monterey's execntive officer, likely upon
that occasion, according to a private dis
patch received in this city to-day, to be
Lieutenant A. V. Wadhams. The Mon
terey is to leave Mare Island for Puget
Sound next Wednesday.
Death of a Chieo Pioneer.
CHICO, Cal., March 7. -William P.
Goodrich, one of Chico's oldest citizens,
died iast evening at his residence. Mr.
Goodrich was a native of New York State,
and came to Chico in 1860. He was 69
years of age. He has held the positions of
police officer, deputy sheriff and constable
here. Two daughters and a son survive
TO OPEN MEANT DEATH
Infernal Machine Sent to P. D.
Armour, the Chicago
Pork-Packer.
Hyde Park Postoffice Officials Become
Suspicious and Discover the
Plot.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7. — A small
pasteboard box addressed to P. D. Armour,
the millionaire packer, was to-night re
ceived in the Hyde Park postoffice. Fore
man Woodruff carried the box into the
office of Superintendent J. S. Hendrickson,
to whom he handed it, explaining the
manner in which it had made its appear
ance at the Hyde Park station.
Superintendent Hendrickson examined
the package carefully and was about to lay
it on his desk, when a slight click, not
unlike the noise made by the trigger of n
revolver, attracted the attention of both
men.
Then Mr. Hendrickson carefully untied
the string and pu"ed the wrapper from
the box, which proved to be a small affair
of two compartments, one sliding into tbe
other.
i\ot wishing to run any risks the super
intendent cut a small round hole in the
middle of what appeared to be the upper
portion of the object and discovered
through the hole in the lid a piece of three
quarter-inch gas pipe, fastened securely,
so as to avoid rat Cling.
At its end was a protruding fuse, which
was connected with a small cap that was
so arranged that it would explode if one
box were drawn through the other, as
would necessarily follow in case its recip
ient tried to get at the interior.
The superintendent immediately put the
box in his safe and then made out a re
port, which will be forwarded to Post
master Hesing to-morrow morning.
The postal authorities will make an ef
fort to discover where the suspicious
article was deposited for collection, with a
view to the apprehension of the persons
who mailed it.
AS OVERZEALOUS DETECTIVE.
Sentenced to Life Imprisonment for Kill
ing the Wrong Man.
CHICAGO, 111., March 7.— ln the case
of the murder of Frank White in mistake
for his criminal brother, Clarence White,
by operatives of the Berry Detective
Agency, who went out after Clarence with
revolvers and a warrant, the jury to-night
returned a verdict of guilty as to all of the
six defendants. The McDonald brothers,
one of them superintendent of the agency,
were acquitted several days ago. William
J. Dix, who fired the fatal shots, was con
victed of murder and his punishment fixed
at life imprisonment. The other five,
Jacob Fiscel, Charles A. Thompson, John
Frew, William F. Mayo and Charles J.
Poole, were convicted of manslaughter and
their punishment was left to the Judge.
Heanv in Xeto Tork.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— Captain
Heany, the American member of Dj.
Jameson's staff, who participated in the
latter's inglorious raid on the Boers in
South Africa, arrived from England to
day. In reply to a question concerning
his connection with the Transvaal raid,
Captain Heany said to the United Press :
"I don't care to discuss the matter at all.
It would be folly for me to talk upon the
subject. lam sorry ior Jameson and the
other boys. They seem to be in a ticklish
mess."
Captain Heany comes here to place him
self under the protection of the American
Government;
INCENDIARISM SUSPECTED.
Cohen & Co. Have a Narrow Escape
From Lynching at Laporte City,
lowa.
LAPORTE CITY, lowa, March 7.— A
fire to-day totally destroyed the Walker
building, in which wa9 Cohen & Co.'s
peneral store and other business houses.
Total loss, $43,800; insurance, $21,900.
Chief Esper and Fireman Babcock were
seriously burned ana four others were
slightly injured.
While tne fire was In progress S. M.
Cohen, H. Cohen and Ike Cohen were ar
rested on charges of starting it. Their in
surance had been increased within a week
and it Is alleged to have been twice the
value of the stock. The infuriated people
threatened to lynch them and they were
taken to jail.
Knitting Mills Burned at Troy.
TROY, N. V., March 7.-The Glen knit
ting mills at Cohoes were burned to-day.
The mills employed about 100 girls, but
all were out when the lire was started
The loss will reach about $75,000.
Vancouver Mill Destroyed. "
; VANCOUVER, B. C, March 7—The
Hastings ; Shingle Manufacturing Com
pany's mill was ; totally destroyed by fire
last ievemng.v The loss is $8000; insur
ance, $3000.
TRAIN WRECK
NEAR DELMAR
■
Chicago Limited on the
Southern California
Ditched.
FIRE IN THE COACHES.
The Entire Train in Danger
of r Destruction by the
Flames.
FEW PASSENGERS INJURED.
Falling of Trucks or a Spreading of
the Rails Believed to Have
Caused the Disaster.
SAN DIEGO, Cal., March The Chi
cago limited, due . here at 10 o'clock to
night, was wrecked a half mile north of
Del mar, twenty miles north of here, at 9
o'clock. The train was running at the
regular rate of speed, when a sudden crash
brought it to a standstill. The ladies'
coach was turned over on its side, the par
lor-car smashed to kindling-wood, the en
gine and tender hurled 100 ) feet forward,
and the sleeper and smoker trucks de
molished. ;
The parlor-car caucht fire and was con
sumed. Tnree of the cars left the track,
and the sleeper was the only one resting in
position.
A boot 100 passengers were on the train.
So far as can be learned none of these suf
fered more than slight injuries. Conduc
tor A. E. Kinney and Baggageman King
were injured, but how badly cannot be
learned. .
•This meager information comes from
Bra&eman Cornick, who left the train im
mediately after the wreck and went to En
cinitas, eight miles north; to telegraph the
news. ' ' - '^"'y
Delmar has no wire cut in, but a little
information was gained by telephone to
the effect that many of the passengers had
arrived there and that reports of injuries
had been heard from them.
'rßrakeman Cornick wires that the prob
able cause of the wreck was the falling of
the rear trucks of the parlor car. He said,
however, that it might , have occurred . by
the spreading [of the rails. The track is
badly torn up. .Later he said the smoker
was on the track with no trucks under it,
The Pullman car is all right also.
The day coach is a wreck and the ladies'
coach is lying on its side and burning.
The whole train will probably burn unless
the sleeper is moved. The passengers
were badly shaken up, but none badly in
jured so far as can be learned. •
The first news came to this city by tele
phone, and Agent Keeler immediately
ordered a special sent from National City.
Great ; delay . was caused, as f. the engine*
were all j being cleaned and the pies were
drawn. : , ■--..:■ -. ... ' .",'-/' ." ' ''-■■;■.,■' I^rV -. '■-■
W
JOY'S Combination
For Twenty-Five Cents.
Trv ,,, r> Mnnyon's .. .. .... .......;.-.„ f 150
JOYS Allcock's Plasters 10c
**--7: 1 Beecham's Pi 115....... 15 O
. . 400
. Discount for combination... 15c
JOY'S 25;
McKenzle's Kidney Plasters. 35c
„ m \\f9O Brandreth's Pills 15 O
J\JT O Yucca Root Toilet 50ap...... 100
60c
' Discount for combination. . . 25c
JOY'S _ ;?g
Combination •
JOY'S For Fifty Cents.
: " 1iab1ache.. ................ 30<j
» Bromo Seltzer 20c sIM
j/~\\r 9 Pierre's Toilet Water..... 60c ■
JOY S ■ ?i^r
Discount for combination 60
■ * 50c
JOY'S =
McKenzle's Toilet 50ap....... 260
Syrupof Fig 5.........."....".* 860
Bottle Bay Ham 250
lOY f^ ~~
* Discount for combination... 300
; . 800
JOY ' S Combination
For One Dollar.
JOY'S Warner's Safe Cure....... 85c
** w * *"* Joy's Tooth Powder 60c sin
- Carter's little Liver Pills 160 ---TT
' ■■'■■■■"■■■- -.''■-■ ": *1 60 ". •
IHV'Q Discount for combination 60 . •
9X09
IAV'O Palne's Celery Compound....* 60
JUI O "■" Pierre's Perfume (2 0x)...^,. 00
. r Strengthening Plaster.. - 10
lAVO Discount for combination... . 70
JOY ; s : _ |§
JOY'S Combination for Two
v - Dollars and a Half-Dollar.
Dr. Hebra's Blood and' Skin
trw/9C\ • Treatment.... :.;.-.v.!:.\;.»3 50
JOYS Canada Malt Whiskey, $1 size 100
■^ * *"* Horlick's Malted Milk, 91 size 100
94 50
_"__■ l^'- Discount for combination..; aOO
■ T»^\^'O ' r ' ■■■■. ... -*"*
J\JJ& ■;,-; ..rtaao'
inv'Q Combination
JUY /For Five Dollars.
Dr. McKenzie's Catarrh Treat-
. _._ i*r\ ment, with Atomizer for
IflV'Q 6 m0nth5............ $5 00
*J\J 1 O Ko-Tc-8ac.:... ......-■ * g?
Joy's *arsaparilla. ...'.'.'.'.'."" ks
1 Syrup of Fig 5. ...;....... ""' 05
Pond's Extract •"' '«
inV'O Ca5t0r1a......... ....;■".■■"■■•• 05
J\J I O . Pierre's Extract Apple Bloom ;-■■" '
(4-oz 8ize)........;..v../.. 300
JO V » Dlscount for combination * X 5 it
/■••;" ■ : .  " : ■ ... ■ ■ ..: 95 00 .
JOY'S " What you 9 et at Joy's ':
,: ' ■ . * w Is Good." ■ - - ■-■ .-':.■ :{
w^,,^ MOroUGEI IT.
JOY'S —
JOY'S
JOY ' S BAIDWIS PHARMACY,
-Under Baldwin Hotel, '-
IC\V » Q * PoweU aDd Market Streets.
Jr^-A v-<?- . • Send ua Mail Order* « •TWO MORE
WORLD'S RECORDS
Edwards Again Lowers the
Mile Mark at the
Tournament.
THE RECORD NOW 2:14.
Osen, the Professional, Rides an
Unpaced Quarter, Flying
Start, in :2a. 3*5-
ALL RACES HOTLY CONTESTED.
Raynaud, Mott, Edwards and Tantau
Won the Mile Events and Wells
the Ten-Mile.
There was racing yesterday afternoon
and evening at the indoor track, and it
was of a very hi;zh-olass order. Tha pre
liminary heat 3 end eem:-i;na!s were ali
The Mechanics' Pavilion Thronged With Spectators to Witness the Bicycle Tournament.
[Sketched by a "Call " artist.]
hotly contested, the finals were foucht out
toth«,very last, an<i there were none of
th<>e "loafing tactics displayed by the
riders which have heretofore served to
spoil many a well-planned race meeting.
In the afternoon the pavilion was com
fortably filled, and there were no vacant
seats to be seen anywhere. The attendance
waß largely composed of ladies and chil
dren, and t ey seemed to enjoy the sport
immensely, particularly the Chinese race,
which was absurdly comical.
But it took all the capacity of the build
ing to contain the immense throng which
passed through the doors in the evening.
The crowd commenced to pour in about
7:30 o'clock, at which time every reserved
peat had been sold. For half an hour the
entrance jammed, and when the races
were called at 8:15 there was an audience
present which insured large financial re
turns to the management and a great boom
to the sport.
The management of the tournament has
decided not. to have any racing at the track
this afternoon or evening. Some of the
exhibitors did not think it desirable to
have Sunday racing, and there was some
question as to whether or not the League
of American Wheelmen would sanction it.
There is r.o rule of the league, however,
prohibiting training or preliminary prac
ticing on Sunday, and the entrants for all
the different events next week will be in
constant practice at the track ail the after
noon and evening.
The full Presidio band will be in attend
ance all the afternoon and a grand prome
nade concert will be the order of the after
noon and evening. The exhibitors will
make special efforts to make their various
booths particularly attractive, and, v.-itn
out doubt, there will be enough of interest
and excitement to suit all the lovers of the
sport.
Not a single local club has a run called
for any place out of town to-morrow.
They will all go to the track in the after
nooii and evening, as the interest in the
training of the men and the exhibits is so
all-absorbing to the average wheelman he
has little use at present for anything else.
The "Fowler Sextet," for the past week
on exhibition at the cycle show, will be
ridden through Goiden Gate Park, starring
at Bi»ker-street entrance at 2 o'clock
prompt, thence on by main roadway to
the Cliff House, returning via same route.
A ston will be made each way at the band
stand to allow the public to view tnis won
derful machine built for six men.
The "Sextet" will be rfdden by Messrs.
R. P. Aylward. W. A. Terrili, A. N. Jones,
T. C. Dodge, O. .0. Osen and C. C. Hop
kins.
This run is made to convince tne public
that a bicycle for sir is a practical ma
chine and "to satisfy the thousands of bi
cycle riders whose curiosity has been
aroused.
The races contested in the afternoon
were a one-miie novice, two-mile scratch,
Chinese and one-mile handicap. There
were a great many entrants for each race.
and in the one-mile events ten preiimi
nary events each were necessary, two semi
finals and a final. This tave the specta
tors all the racing they couid possibly
wi.ih for.
The first heat of the novice was won by
A. W. Kitchen of Oakland in 2:45 3-5. The
second heat was 50 slow that Referee
Welch declared it no race and disqualified
tne riders. M. M. Cook, Imperial, won
the tnird beat in 2:33 2-5. A. A. Orfion.
another Imperial rider, took the next heat
easily in 2:31 3-5. BtiU another Imperial
man! E. Bozio, won the fifth heat. Time.
2:32 1-5. The Acme man, Agnew, won the
eixth heat in 2:37 1-5. The seventh went
to J. R. Kenna, Acme, in 2:25 2-5. B. J.
Kaynaud, Bay City, won the eighth and
iaM beat easily in 2:26 3-5.
As a pleasing divertisement a two-mile
Chinese handicap race was next started.
There were four starters, wJHMtt names
were unintelligible, and who were handi
capped at various distances' from the
scratch mark to 300 yards. It was a very
amusing race and withal quite interesting,
as the riders fougi.t the entire way with
a spirit worthy of emulation by some of
**.«> amateurs who are given to loafing
tactics. They exchanged setting pace, bat
tled for favorite positions ana generally
rode out the race in good style.
Charley Pong, who hails from Oakland,
who has frequently competed in Chinese
races at Oakland and San Jose, was the
scratch man and rode up to his accustomed
form. He passed all but one man, J. U.
Sheuk of Oakland, who had 200 yards
handicap, and won in 5:31. Fong was a
close second.
The one-mile handicap, run in ten pre
liminary heats, two semi-finals and a final,
proved an interesting event, all the heats
beins: well contested. T. Del mas, Garden
City. F. R. Haley. Liberty, H. S^ernberg,
California, and F. M. Byrne, Imperial,
rode in The first Meat. Byrne, who was on
the scratch mark, was over-handicapped
and never got near the limit men. Del
mas won easily from 75 yards m 2:14 1-5.
In the second heat were; P. L. Day and
S. B. Vincent, Bay City; M. Hewitt, Gar
den City; Charles Goodwin, San Francisco
Road Club, and P. M. Lefevre, Acme. This
was a pretty heat, as the men wore soon
bunched and riding furiously for home.
Vincent made a good sprint on the last
lap and came in slightly in the lead. Time,
2:193-5, from the 55 yards handicap.
Wells, tiie Bay City crack, had the
scratch mark in the next heat, with R.
Cashing, Garden City, N. Ackerman, San
L-'.ancisco Koad Club, end C. A. Parks,
Alain eda,' handicapped over him. Wells
caught hi? men in three lips and finished
the half mile in 1:07. It was easy for
Wells at the finish and he won in 2:23 3-5.
A fast quartet came out for the next
heat— Yeoman, Reliance, Menne, Bay
City, and Metcalf and Onion, Imperial.
The four made a fine sprint for the tape
on the last lap. Onion rode wide on the
last curve and his wheel struck the rail
ing, bending ttic handle-bars, but never
even scratching him. Metcalf beat out
Yeoman by a few inches. Time, 2:18, from
70 yards handicap.
In the fifth heat the starters were Boy
,!en, Reliance, Hall and McKay, Bay City,
nn>l Leuvitt, tfan Francisco Road Club.
A pretty finish resulted between Hall and
Boyden, the former winning in 2:24 3-5,
with 70 yards handicap.
T. A. Griffith's. Bay City, P. R. Mott,
Reliance, J. H. Lynch. Imperial, and. J.
D. Cardinell, California, rode in the sixth
heat. It looked like Griffiths' race after
■ the fifth lap, but Mott nipped the victory
away from him at the tape, winning from
; 45 yards in 2:18 1-5.
The seventh heat brought out Ed
Chapman, Olympic, A. L. Holling, Bay
City! A. Theison, California, and M. 11.
i Cook, Imperial. Cook won about as he
! pleased, with Chapman second, though
; the knowing ones thought it would be the
'other way. Time, 2:161-5; handicap 70
yards.
In the eighth heat were: C. M. Smith,
Garden City; E. Languetin, Bay City; J.
:E. Scott, Acme; A. Young unattached.
Languetin beat Smith a few Inches in
! 2:10 4-5, from 65 yards.
W. W. Needham, Olympic, and E. Lan
: ger, Imperial, contested the ninth and last
heat. They made a hot race of it, Langer
winning by a very small margin. Time,
' 2:22 4-5, handicap 100 yards.
The first semi-final of the one-mile novice
was then run. Those who had qualified
by winning in their preliminary heats
were : A. W. Kitchen, Oakland ; M. M. Cook
and E. Bozio, Imperial; J. R. Kenna,
Acme. The winners of the semi-finals and
fastest seconds were made eligible to com
pete in the final. Cook proved to be the
beat man, winning in 2:37 3-5. Kenna
was second.
In the second semi-final the riders were:
; B. J. Itaynaud, Bay City; A. H. Agnew,
Acme; A. A. Ortion, Imperial. They
', made a great race of it, but Raynaud
j showed his rear wheel to the others in the
j last few yards, winning in 2:35 1-5. Ortion
! was second.
Next came the first semi-final of the one-
J mile handicap, Vincent, Hall and Langue
i tin, Bay City, and Metcalf, Imperial, hav
j ing qualified for it in their heats. The Bay
| City men made the race. Hall winning in
j 2:18 4-5, Vincent second.
Mott, Reliance, Lander, Imperial, and
j Delmas, Garden City, rode in the second.
: Mott made a runaway ride of it, winning
■ by 20 yards in 2:17 1-5 from 45 yards. Del-
I mas second.
The final one-mile novice had three
! starters, Cook and Ortion, Imperial, and
Raynaua, Bay City. Everything went
lovely until the last lap, when Raynaud
, made a Jump and was yards ahead before
the others realized what was tip. He won
; easily in 2:25 1-5, Cook second.
Those who had qualified in the semi
! finals for the final one-mile handicap were:
T. 8. Hall, Bay City, 70 yards; P. R.
i Mott, Reliance. 45, and To-ny Delmas,
I Garden City, 75. Wells qualified in his
heat, but did not start in the final, as he
was saving his strength for the great con
tests of the evening's racing. Mott caught
up his handicap in two lengths ana then
the pace was easier for him. He made the
be3t ride at the finish, winning in 2:24 3-5,
Delmas second. Hall third.
AFTERNOON SUMMARY.
One mile novice:
First heat— A. W. Kitchen, Oakland. Time,
2:45 3-5.
Second Riders disqualified for loafing.
Third heat— M. M. Cook, Imperial. Time,
2:33 2-5.
Fourth heat— A. Ortion, Imperial. Time.
2:313-5. -Pi
Fifth heat —E. ; Bozio, Imperial. Time,
2:32 1-5.
Sixth' beat — H. Agnew, Acme. Time.
2:37 1-5.
Seven tti heat— J. R. Kenna, Acme. Time,
2:25 2-5.
Eiehth heat— B. J. Raynaud, Bay City. Time.
2:26 3-5. . V:^
Fitst semi-final— First,- M. M. Cook. Imperial.
Time. 2:37 3-5. .Second, J. K. Kenna, Acme.
Second semi-final— First, li. J. Raynaud, Bay
City. Time, 2:35 1-5.' Second, A. A. Ortion,
Imperial.
Final:
B. J. Raynaud, Bay City, first. Time,
2:25 2-5. M. M. Cook, Imperial, second.*)
One-mile handicap:
First heat— Delmas (75), Garden City.
Time. 2:14 1-5.
Second heat— S. B. Vincent (55), Bay City.
Time, 2:19 3-5. - V
Third heat— C. S. Wells (scratch), Bay City.
Time. 2:23 3-5.
Fourth, neat— P. Metcalf :7O), Imperial.
Time, 2:18.
Fifth heat— T. S. Hall (70), Bay City. Time,
2:24 3-5. .
Sixth heat— P. R. Mott (45), Reliance. Time,
2:18 1-5. -
Seventh heat— M. M. Cook (70), Imperial.
Time, 2:161-5.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
Eighth heat-E. Languetin (65), Bay City.
Tinie, 2:10 4:5.
Ninth heat— E. Langer (100), JmperiaL
Time, 2:22 4-5
First semi-final-T. S. Hall (70), Bay City.
Time, 2:18 4-5.
Second semi-final— P. R. Mott (45), Reliance.
Time. 2:17 1-5.
! Finai— P. K. Mott (45), Reliance, first: second,
! T. Delmas, Garden City. Time. 2:24 3-5.
The evening's programme commenced
with a one-mile post race. There were
seven preliminary heats, three semi-finals
and a final. In the final the men leading
the end of every Jap were credited with a
certain number of points and the winner
so many, a prize being given for each win
ner at a post and the final.
In the first heat Edwards, Olympic;
I Robinson, San Francesco Road Club, and
: Ward, Y. If. C A., started. Edwards won
I easily in 2:29 3-5.
j Yeoman, Reliance; Cushing, Garden
I City, and Raynaud and Hall, Bay City,
| started in the second heat. Yeoman won,
though his lead over Hail was but a trifle.
Time, 2:314-5.
Leavitt, San Francisco Road Club; T. A.
Griffiths, Bay City, and Alborelle, Im
perial, started in the third. Griffiths won
in 2:24 3-5.
H. W. Squires, Acme, won the next heat
in 2:33 4-5, against Smith. Garden City;
Ackerman, San Francisco Road Club, and
Lefevre, Acme. It was a eluse race, how
ever, as Smith led almost to the tape.
The starters in the fifth heat were:
Menne and Languetin, Buy City; Agnew,
Acme, and Thiel, San Francisco Road
Club. Languetin "won in a walk," the
sporting element said, having a lead of ten
yards or so at the finish. Time, 2:28 3-5.
Vincent, Bay City ; Goodwin, Road Club,
and Barley, Imperial, rode the next neat.
Vincent won in 2:32.
In the seventh heat were Thomas, Cali
fornia; Day, Bay City, and Lander, Impe
rial. The latter made a runaway race of
it, winning in 2:28 1-5.
The mile scratch invitation gave prom
ise of being a fine race. It was run in
seven heats, two semi-rinals and a final.
The starters in the first heat were: Day,
Bay City; Mott, Reliance, and Thiel, San
Francisco Road Club. Mott proved him
self the better man, winning easily in 2:37.
Smith, Garden City ; l^anguetin, Bay City
and Robinson, San Francisco Road Club,
started in the next heat, and they finished
in the order named, wheels' lengths apart.
Time, 2:38 3-5.
In the third heat the starters were Tan
tau, Olympic; Menne, Bay City, and
Leavitt, San F-iancisco Road Club. Tan
tau was true to his form and won easily in
2:233-5.
The next three to come out were Delmas,
Garden City; Boyd, California, and Bates,
Reliance. It was a hot finish between
Delmas and Bates, and they finished in
that order in 2:37 2-5.
Crafts, Acme; Hall, Bay City, and Wil
liamson, Santa Rosa, started in the tifth
heat. Hall was easily the bost man, and
won without appreciable effort. Time,
2:291-5.
In the sixth heat were Lefevre, Acme;
Barley, Imperial, and Pels, San Francisco
Road Club. Lefevre took the heat by a
small margin, his time being 2:36 2-5.
Boyden, Reliance, and Metcalf. Impe
rial, started in the seventh and last heat.
They made a hot race of it together, and
Metcalf carried off the honors. Tinie,
2:43 4-5.
After a short intermission, giving the
riders a chance to rest and get a Breathing
spell, the two semi-tinals of the one mile
post race wer^ run, those who had quali
fied in their (eats being Edwards
(Olympic), Grirh'ths (Bay City) and Yeo
man (Reliance). This trio comprises as
ppeedy a set of riders as any contesting
in the tournament, and every one knew it
would be a hot race. They did not make
a very hot pace until the last two laps,
when they shot around the curve three
abreast with Yeoman on the inside and a
bit in the lead.
Edwards came like a shot on the last
lap, however, and passed him, mid deaf
ening applause. The Olympic boy is very
popular with the audiences and is cheered
every time he appears on the track. He
is a clever, gritty rider -md deserving of
all the credit ho receives. The heat waa
ridden in 2:30 1-5.
In the second semi-final the starters
were Souires, Acme; Languetin and Vin
cent, Bay City, ami Langer, Imperial.
The two Bay City boys made most of the
pace and fought it out side by side, with
Squires right alongside. Vincent got rirst
place in 2:26 4-5, Languetin second.
Oscar Osen, the champion professional
rider, then came out for an exhibition
quarter-mile ride against time, flying
start, n n paced, to b^at the world's record
of .'JO 4-5 seconds. Osen made a great ride
of it, covering the first eighth in lo seconds,
and, cheered on by the audience and
the yells of his club mates in the Olympic
Cyclers, came tearing around the banks on
the last lap and down the homestretch the
watches were snapped on him at 2f) 3-5 sec
onds, another world's indoor record for the
Pavilion track.
In ihe semi-finals of the one-mile invita
tion those whe had qualified in their heats
for the first were: I*. R. Mott, Reliance;
C. M. Smith, Garden City; Lefevre, Acme;
Metcalf, Imperial. Smith rode wide on
the west bank of the sixth lap and fell,
but was uninjured. Metcalf beat the oth
ers out in n hot sprint in 2:25 1-5, Lefevre
second, Mott tn'ird.
lii second were: Hall, Bay City; Delmas,
Garden City, and Tantau, Olympic. The
public were at a loss to pick the winner of
tiis heat, they were all so evenly matched.
1 Ley kept even up to tne last JaD, then
Tantau lost his pedal and was out of it.
Delmas beat Hnll out not more than a
coupie of inches in 2:34 2-5.
At this juncture Announcer Knapp
stated that the gate prize offered by the
management each evening had been won
that evening by Dr. Charles Parent, a
prominent local physician.
The starters in the final of the one-mile
post race then came from their dressing
rooms and took their places for what was
one of the prettiest rides of the evening.
They were Edwards, Olympic? Vincent
and Langnetin, Bay City. The announcer
stated that the leaders at each quarter
mile would receive a special prize, besides
the usual first and second prizes at the
finish. The pace cut out was lively from
the start. Vincent led the first and sec
ond laps, and Lanjruetin took the next
two. After that it was all over, practi
cally. Edwards camo up from behind
with a terrible rush, and led. them
| past the three-quaner mark and home,
winning by twenty yards. :-: Vincent and
Langnetin were back of him in that order.
! When the timers stopped their. watches it
i was seen that another world's record had
! been brought to the track, as Edwards
had covered the mile in 2:14, lowering
Yeoman's time of Friday night a fifth of a
second. .The applause was deafening, and
his club mates put him on their shoulders
and carried him in state around the hall.
It was the most exciting race of the tour
nament and delighted the spectators.
A one-mile Oriental handicap was the
next on the long programme; the riders
entered being, according to the announcer,
"lour highbinders." It was a funny race
and the result was in doubt up to the
very finish. A Chinese costumed in pink
crossed the line first, and a crowd* of
Olympics and Bay Citys immediately got
together arid gave the Imperial Club's
yell, much to the amusement of the audi
ence. In the excitement the Chinese kept
on riding for several laps more and had to
be called off by the judges. ,'
Next came the final of the one-mile in
vitation, the starters being Lefevre, Acme ;
Delma9, Garden City; Metcalf, Imperial,
and Tantau, Olympic, the latter being al
lowed in under a protest, he claiming to
have bfcen fouled by Deimas In the second
semi-final. Half the audience favored
this decision and the other half did not,
so the cheers intermingled with the hisses
about equally as Tantau came on the
track. The riders made a good ride of it,
though somewhat slow for the first half
mile.
They livened up towards the end. Tan
tau taking the lead, with the others close
behind. He kept to the front the balance
of the distance, winning in 2:30 3-5, with
Delmas a close second. The victory was
protested against by a part of the audi
ence, who hissed Tantau as he came off the
track, but he had the majority of the
c,rowd with him. Tantau is a square racer,
and the opinion of most of the people was
that his protest was.well grounded.
It was now 11:30. with the ten-mile race
yet to be run, and still the audience stayed,
as Interested and enthusiastic as at the
first. The race was announces to be run
by Edwards, the Olympic Club crack, and
Wells, the champion of the Bay City
Wheelmen. The men started out well,
covering the first mile in 2:34; second, I
5:024-5; third, .7:32; fourth, 10; fifth, j
12:3-12-5; sixth, 15:01; seventh, 17:413-5;
eiahth, 20:17; ninth, 22:58 4-5.
Then there was a mile sprint for home,
Edwards leading the first four laps, at a
pretty hot pace, but it was not warm.;
enough for Wells, who came up alongside j
and set a terrific clip for home. They
came neck and neck down the stretch and
finished, it seemed, abreast of each other," j
the crowd going wild with enthusiasm.
The timers said the time .was 25:21, but
the judges could not decide as quickly
who won the race. After considerable de
liberation they gave it to Wells, and the
decision was loudly applauded.
SUMMARY, EVENING.
One-mile post nice:
First heat— J. E. Edwards, Olympic Time,
2 '29 3-5
Second heat— William Yeoman, Reliance.
Time. 2:31
Third heat— A. Griffiths, Bay City. Time,
2:34 3-5.
Fourth heat— 11. W. Squires, Acme. Time,
2:33 4-5.
Fifth heat— E. Languetin, Bay City. Time,
2:28 3-5.
Sixth heat— B. B. Vincent. Bay City. Time,
2:32.
Seventh heat— E. Langer, Imperial. Time,
2:28 1-5.
First semi-final— E. Edwards, Olympic,
first. Time, 2:30 1-5. William Yeoman, Reli
ance, second.
Second semi-final— S. B. Vincent, Bay City,
first. Time, 2:26 4-5. E. Languetin, Bay City,
second.
Final— J. E. Edwards, Olympic, first Time,
2:14. S. 11. Vincent, Bay City, second.
One mile, scratch, invitation.
First heat— P. R. Mott, Reliance. Time, 2:37. :
Second heat— M. Smith, Garden City.
Time. 2:38 3-5.
Third heat— George Tantau, Olympic. Time,
2:23 3-5. .
Fourth heat— Delmas, Garden City.
Time, 2:37 2-5.
Fifth heat— T. 8. Hall, Bay City. Time,
2:29 1-5.
Sixth heat— B. M. Lefevre, Acme. Time,
2:36 2-5.
Seventh heat— P.. Metcalf, Imperial. Time,
2:43 4-5. -\ „ <
First semi-final— Imperial. Time
2:25 1-5. P. M. Lefevre. Acme, second,
Second semi-final — T. Deimas, Garden City.
Time, 2 :34 2-5. T. S. Hall, Bay City, second. :
Final, first— George Tantau, Olympic. Time,
2:30 3-5.
Second— Dclmas, Garden City.
Ten-mile club cup-race:
Charles S. Wells, Bay City Wheelmen, first
Time, 25:21. J. E. Edwards, Olympic Club
Wheelmen, second. ,;.'•'/.
ACTIVITY IN OREGON.
H. K. Ankeny Says the Mining, Fruit
and Grain Outlook Was Never
Better Than Mow.
H. E. Ankeny, manager and a large
owner in the widely-known Sterling placer
mine, eight miles west of Ashland and tbe
same distance south of Jacksonville, in
Oregon, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by his family. The Sterling is conceded
to be about the best placer property in
Oregon. It is an old mine, having been
worked for over eighteen years.
The mine is being worked night and day.
The water is obtained from Applegate
Creek. Along this stream Mr. Ankeny
ana his gamier, Mr. Cook, own the ground
for five miles. There is a force of twenty
two men at work.
"This is probably the best-known mine
in Oregon, said Mr. Ankeny yesterday.
"It is paying a handsome protit. There
are a number of both quartz and placer
mines in that vicinity mat promise good
profits. A good many men have during
the last few months gone in and made lo
cations and bought other mines out. They
will all make gome money.
"About Ashland; too, work haa been re
newed in the quartz mines. The old Ash
land mine, which is situated right in the
town, haa started up and I understand is
doing well. Then below there is a con
glomerate formation, bearing gold, in which
a crusher has lately been placed. Other
quartz properties along Bear Creek are also
being worked. Tiie mines all through
that part of Southern Oregon look well.
"The fruit and grain around Ashiand,
Medford, Jacksonville and other sections
of the llogue Kiver Valley also promise
big yields. Ido not know that I ever saw
belter indications. The recent snow we
had there fell just at the right time. Al
together it looks as though there would be
a good deal of prosperity in Southern Ore
gon this year."
Mr. Ankeny, after remaining here a
short time, will visit Monterey and other
places. He has been an owner in the Ster
ling mine for five years.
A MISSION FEUD.
William McCarthy, a Shlp-Calker,
Arrested for Stabbing C. Menglier,
a Neighbor.
William McCarthy, a ship-calker, liv
ing on York street near Array, was ar
rested yesterday morning and taken to the
Seventeenth-street Police Station, where
he was charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.
• The complaining witness is C. Meagher,
a neighbor. The families have been at war
for years, and arrests for threats to kill
and disturbing the peace on both sides
have Deen frequent. On Friday night
Meagher and his wife and McCarthy got
mixed up in a tight and Meagher was cut
on the chin, side of his head and under
the left eye. They are only flesh wounds.
He notiiied tho police yesterday morning
that McCarthy had staDbed him, and the
complaint led to the latter's arrest.
McCarthy was released on $1000 bonds.
He deniedhaving used the knife, but de
fended himself the best way he could.
Ktrn County Indictments Set A/tide.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., March 7.— The
indictment against Thomas Orr of Delano,
re tn rued some time ago by the present
Grand Jury, was set aside this morning in
the Superior Court on the ground of
prejudice of grand jurymen. W. B. Tim
mons, a member of the Grand Jury,
testified to that effect.
NEEDS A WHOLE SHIP.
An Old Shoemaker Who Lives Alone
on a Hulk in China Basin.
Years ago when the steamer Oriflamme
was in service she was considered large
enough to accommodate 200 or 300 men.
Now, although she measures the same
from stem to stern, there is only room on
her for one man, at least that is what the
man thiuks. Inherday the Oriflamme was
a good ship, but for the last ten or fifteen
years she has been but a dilapidated hulk,
lying in the mud back of the Arctic Oil
Company's works. The man who needs
the whole of the vessel for his accemmoda-
HULK OF THE OLD SHIP ORIFLAMME.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
tion is an old German, scarcely able to !
speak English, who refuses to tell his i
name, but is referred to by the people in j
the vicinity as "Mike," incongruous .
though the name be.
It is a little over a year since Mike took ;
possession of the hulk. He says tnat he
rented it from the owner and intends to
have the lull use of it. His first work wa3
to put up several notices, such as, "Keep
off," "No admittance," "Loafers not al
lowed," etc. In several places he painted ■
a rude representation of a skull and cross- '.
bones as a deadly warning to all tres
passers.
After Mike had the notices fixed to suit J
him he constructed a rude house on the
stem of the hulk. It is made of all sorts
of odds and ends of lumber that he found j
in the vicinity, and presents a most dilap
[dated appearance. It is here that he lives
alone and works at his trade of shoemaker.
Every few days he takes his finished work
to town and brings back more to do.
If nobody attempts to board Mike's do- ;
main, he may not venture where he can be
seen for days at a time; but should a
stranger dare to set foot on the edge of the !
hulk he will be >.reetsd with a bowl of in- ;
dignation. mingled with all the well-known
oaths of the Fatherland. If the trespasser
understands German he will quickly make
his escape, but if he don't and attempts to !
explain in English. MiKe will unceremo- i
niously attack him with his shoemaker's
hammer that he always carries with him
on such occasfonb — that is, provided the
man is not larger than Mike, who weighs i
170 pounds. There is a man who has al- !
ways fished from the old hulk and Mike ;
never says a word. The man is a w«ll- !
built young giant and weighs over 200
pounds.
Why the old man should wish to make
his home on the decaying hulx is a mys
tery- The vessel is bo far gone that it is
hardly worth breaking up for firewood.
The timbers have rotted to such an extent
that the first sou'easter is li&ely to break
it to pieces and endanger the' occupant's
life. Mike has been warned of this by the
longshoremen, but it has had no effect,
except to increase hia vigilance at keeping
sway trespassers.
Old Mike has never been known to have
"New York for flights, Chicago for
'nights' and San Francisco for ease,
comfort and a good shave." Frisco's
barbers bear knowing. Polite, cool, in
telligent, up-to-date and easy shaving.
True, it is not only in the glide of the
razor, the clip of the scissors and the
part of the hair that San Francisco bar
bers excel— no, it is for those delicate
finishing touches, here and there; it is
the knowing how and when to use hot,
cold, lukewarm cloths, where to part
and how to part the hair, and, lastly, to
leave the customer the free option of
tipping or not at his own sweet will.
Yet, hold, let me pause to bring you into
the presence of one of Frisco's gifted
barbers. You see his portrait above;
his nam •is George Jordan. He is well
known and it is well to know him, for
he is the true type of a "Sunset" bar
ber. Yesterday I did chat with Mr. Jor
a friend. He owns a dog, but the creature
is afraid of him and would most likely
make ite escape were it not tied. Mike is
disliked by the neighbors and some of them
whisper that be has treasure concealed in
the depth of the old vessel he guards so
carefully.
ON THE TWENTIETH PLOOE.
Familial Who Live at the Top of Sky-
Scrape ri.
Hiph life on lower Broadway differs
somewhat from high life on Fifth avenue,
of course. But both are picturesque.
High life downtown is confined to the
roofs of the sky-scrapers, and the colony is
growing. These curious little homes are
well worth inspection. Seme of them are
set exactly on a line with the pavements
of Broadway, while others have been built
a few feet behind neat little front gardens,
which bloom in season. Many of these
quiet home nests rest on foundations some
hfteen or twenty stories in height, and are
consequently free Jrom damp cellars and
similar complaints.
These apartments, the highest in the
metropolis, rent for a few dollars a month ,
which is very reasonable, considering the
value of real estate on Broadway. They
are inhabited by the jan'tors of the im
mense buildin.es whicn form the founda
tions of the modest cottages. Real estate
on the lower end of Manhattan Island has
grown so enormously in valne that even
the roofs of twenty-story buildings cannot
be allowed to go to waste. The architect
ure in many of the small homesteads fol
lows the style of the eighteen or twenty
story foundations on which they rest. In
many cases the cottages have been con
structed at a cost of many thousands of
dollars. Some of them are built entirely
of stone or terra cotta, or other valuable
materials, and are elaborately decorated.
The most picturesque of them »11 is located
in the tower of the Produce Exchange
building. Viewed from the street this
tower looks more like a dovecote than a
human habitation. But it is two and a
half stories high, and contains a dozen
comfortable rooms, which shelter the jani
tor and his family, not counting the dog.
A parapet keeps the household gods from
dropping to death while viewing the pass
ing show on sea and shore far below.
These high homes have their advan
tages. Few homes here can boast of so
large a front yard as the one enjoyed by
the tenwits of the Produce Exchange roof
top. It is nearly a block in length and
quite as bright in summer as any city or
suburban yard can be, barring natural ef
fects. He has fresh air to breathe at all
seasons, both of the land and the sea
breeze sort. Housekeeping goes on up
near the sky much the same as on the
solid earth 200 feet beiow. The front yard
is well supplied with clotheslines, on which
the wash is regularly hung out to dry.
MR. GEORGE JORDAN.
dan, and among other things he spoke
of the great good the native remedy had
done for him. Said he: "I praise Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla because it is well
worthy of such praise, because it as
sisted my friends and helped my own
health. I now feel in the prime vigor of
good bodily health, and I believe Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla brought this
about. I was not suffering from a
broken leg or any very serious trouble,
but I was tired, easily exhausted, all run
down and did not feel my true self. One
bottle changed all this. I am now so
much the better for that one bottle of
Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla that I would
not forego its taking for many dollars.
There is good health locked up in Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla, and during these
spring months every one should use the
native sarsaparilla. Nn, I never had a
pimple on my face, I never experienced
the least bad effect. I took Joys Vege-
Tbe roof ia covered with sand, qivin? it a
ground effect. There are no trees or grass
growing there, to be sure, but in season
there are several flower beds arranged in
boxe3, which add a pleasant touch of color
to the whoie. The dog kennel stands be
side the kitch* n door, and the bow-wow
1 roams at will, with no opportunity to ex
ercise his jaws on tramps or burglars.
The children who live in these high
altitudes have carried their bicycles,
wheelbarrows and toys up with them, and
have a ground all to themselves, which is
not equaled by any millionaire's child's
playground in tbe "city. Just at present
they nre running up their sleds to enjoy
the sleddinsr in their airy playground oil
lower Broadway. The interiors of these
lofty habitation are cozy, as well as quiet
and sef.ure, providing the occupants do
not dream of fire, cyclone or earthquake.
The occupants of these high homes are as
a rule not very neichborlv, as calling after
nightfall is a physical impossibility. After
the express elevators ?top visits necessarily
cease. It would consume an hour's time
to reach a neighbor living within speaking
distance, as stair-chrnbing is both hard
and slow, especially in a one floor town
that is full of '"lifts." But the high-life
population is increasing, and the outskirts
of the settlement now extend as far north
as Central Park, and will soon be hugging
Harlem. — New York correspondent of the
Pittsburg Dispatch.
REAL ESTATE TKANSAOTIONS-
John Gi'mour to Sarah Gilmour, lot on N line of
Pace street, 82:6 E of Laguna, E27 by N 120;
$10. ~; . - ■ - ".. , • r. -. .. •
Clement L. C. Blethen to Robert K. Hind, lot on
SE corner of Sacramento and Buchanan streets, E
B0:l»4 by S 127: 8V4; $10.
' Georsre D. Gilmour to Sarah Gilmour, lot on N
line of Page street, 82:3 X of Lacuna, E 27:6 by N
120; Hi bo lot on 8W line of Harriet street, 225
N\V of Brvant. NW 25 by S\V 75; gift.
J. A. and ilathew M. Clover to L. B. Edwards,
lot on \v line of • Lyon street. 50 B of . Hayes, 8 25
by W 81:3: $10.
C D. and Libby A. galfield to Emily 8. Newell,
lot on N line of Waller street, 137:6 \V of Shrader.
W55 by 85; $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to John and
Mary Sommers, lot on S corner Stevenson and
Brady streets, SW 50:6 by SK 64; $10.
- Josephine Golden to K. J. Kierce, lot on W lino
of Dearborn place, 125 :S S of Seventh street, S 25,
by \V 85; $10.
;. John F. Mullen and Thomas F. O'Bay (execu
tors estate Thomas O'Day) to T. B. O'Neill, lot on
\V line of Bryant avonue, 208 N of Twenty-third
street, N 52 "by W 100; $8075.
Lucy B. Kapp to Louise Kllwln, lot on E line of
Castro utrppt. 26:6 N of Twenty-third street, N 50
by E IGo: 910. -
John and Ada M. ninkel to Patrick C. Jordan,
lot on Kline of Leavenwortn street. SB:3Vis S|of
Washington. S 22:01/3 by E 137:6; «10.
■ Hern Henciie (executor) and Metr\ Clootz
(executrix of ' estate of A. Glootz) to It. Flshbeck,
lot on B VV . corner of ' Santa Clara and De Ha ro
streets. W 230 by 8 183:5: $21,000.
Carl A. P. Jnrgens to Joseph Statt, lot on E line
of Twentieth avenue, 146 N of California street, N
26 by E 120; $10. "
Sallle R. Clark to Elizabeth F. Hr.slcell, lot on
W line of Second avenue, 325 N of Clement street
26 by W 120; $10. ,
Joteph Meyers to M. Maler, lot on SW corner of
lot 1444, gift map 3, N 30 by E 70; also lots 7, 2-',
block 65, tide lands. South dan Francisco; $10.
George B. M. and Alice M. Gray to Charles N.
Wood, lot 16, gift map 4: $10.
J. F. Turner to Moritz A. Rose, lots 22 and 28,
block 37. lot 26. block '.'B, lot H. block 10, lots 22
and 23, block 45, Bunny side: $10.
; Lake .View and Sunnvside Improvement Com
pany to John Miller, lot 26, block 34, same; $10.
VlolettaC. Mudge to John T. Coe, lot on W line
of Ford street, 100 N of shields, N 100 by W 100,
City Land Association ; $5.
Henry Marshal to James S. Mackle, lot on SK
corner of R street South and Eighth avenue
Houtn, E 75 by S 100, u'N. and H. 169; $10.
James A. and Ida L. Clark to Donald McDonald
and Harry Cohen, lot 13, block V, Park Lane
Tract 2: &10. £'■ .-..': ■■■■':■
Odd Fellows' Cemetery Association to Mathilda
S. Engwer, lot 21, I'lat 5, Omega Section; $315.
ALAUEDA COUNTY.
W. B. Shant to Carl W. Elfvinsf, receiver In ac
tiou No. 48,44 i!, goplila Komke vs. Home BeueUt
I>lfe Association et alius, lota, block A, Fanny
Davenport Tract, beiug a subdivision of lot 6,
Yoakum Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Nicolo Ratti to Luigi aud Giovanni VolJsonl,
Giovanni B. and Pietro G. Haiti, undivided 4-5 on
I* line of Pleasanton avemie, 400 W of Morton,
W 400 by N 1060, containing 10 acres, and being
lots E and H, Amended Map Oakland Land and
Improvement Company's subdivision of a portion
of the Santa Rita rancho at Pleasanton, Murray
Townauip; f 1250.
Builders' Contracts.
Peter A. Smith with C. Krecher, carpenter work,
etc., for a double two-story brick building on w
line of Fourth street, 48 H of Bluxome; $2571.
Same with J. M. Hanavan, concrete work, etc.,
game; 83000.
Robert Wannenmacher with J. Bucker, carpen
ter work, etc., on SW corner o! Baker and McAl
lister streets; 97872.
table Sarsaparilla as I would take tea or
coffee, with pleasure, with palatable
gratification. It is the only sarsaparilla
I have ever taken that is nice to the
taste, and yet it is so efficacious."
I have endeavored to give the language
of Mr. Jordan, so all may judge the true
tone of this youne pentleinan. He is
given to no exaggerations. He speaks
with feeling, speaking from the heart.
Wherever I have been throughout the
length and breadth of the coast all the
good people are praising the native
remedy, Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla. I
have endeavored to do away with all
coloring, to give the facts, to speak sin
cerely, and I believe that Joy's Vege
table Sarsaparilla will be the gainer.
Every day the remedy gets closer and
closer to the masses. Every day it be
comes harder antl harder for druggists to
substitute. This is as it should be.
HENRY TILLMAN.
56
THE POWERS
OF A JUDGE.
Decision of the Supreme
Court in People Against
Knutte.
THE THIRTEENTH JUROR
Carroll Cook Says It Works Only
in the Interests of the
Defendant.
DISCUSSED BY THE LAWYERS.
Great Interest of the Legal Profession
in Justice Van Fleet's
Opinion.
Wherever two or moie San Francisco
lawyers met yesterday, whether in the
nearly deserted courtrooms, at luncheon,
Et the liar Association, or the club, if the
conversation became ai all general it
toucheii upon the decision of Justice Van
Fleet in the case of the people against
Christian Kmitte as reported in Thk Call.
And usually it more than "touched"
upon this topic; it discussed quite thor
oughly and often at considerable length
the merits or demerits of the decision. As
a rule lawyers whose briefs are mostly in
criminal cases upheld the decision and de
clared that it was not only the iteration of
a well-recopnized principle, but the laud
able emphasizing of a just one,
Lawyers whose practice is largely in the
civil courts took the opposite view. In
Justice Van Fleet's opinion (concurred in
by Justices Harrison and Garoutte) they
paw the alarminc emphasis of a principle
which, they claim, gives the presiding
Judge entirely too great discretion over
matters of fact.
The criminal lawyers pointed out that
n defendant could never be the one to suf
fer under the strictest construction of the
rale which constitutes the judge the
thirteenth juror, because this discretion of
the trial court can only be exercised in re
gard to the jury's verdict and then only in
case the verdict rinds the defendant guilty;
never in case of an acquittal. The civil
lawyers, however, declare that the grow
ing tendency, as exemplified in this opin
ion, to make the court arbiter of the facts
bs well as the law, not only makes the
judge the thirteenth juror but constitutes
Lim the sole juror— iv fact, renders useless
the functions of a jury.
The civil lawyers, as a rule, cite that
provision of the Code of Civil Procedure
■which declares "All questions of fact,
when the trial is by jury, * • • are to
be decided by the ]nrv, and all evidence
thereon is to be addressed to them."
But what becomes of the jury's right and
f.uty to decide the fact when, as Justice
Van Fleet says, the Judge "ought to be
ed that the evidenct- as a whole was
sufficient to sustain the verdict."
"In my opinion these words constitute
the Judge the sole juror in the case," said
Attorney Joseph Leggett, in discussing the
opinion. "If this is to be the practice of
what possible service can the jury be in a
civil case? I believe it to be contrary to
the spirit and letter of the constitution,
which sedulously forbids the Juaye to even
intimate to the jury that he has an opin
ion one way or the other concerning the
facts."
"It certainly does amount to an infringe
ment upon the system of jury trials in
civil cases," said Henry E. Highton. : 'lf
a Judge is to decide the evidence, the fact
as well as the law, why have a jury at ail?
Certainly, in that case the jury is a useless
incumbrance."
"The rule seems to be immensely broad
ened by these words of Justice Van Fleet,
said Attorney James L. Gallagher. "I be
lieve there is great danger to the jury sys
tem in this view of the functions and duties
of a trial judge.''
The decision which caused all this inter
est and discussion is here given verbatim,
as reprinted from the typewritten copy
now in the hands of the publishers of
"California Decisions." It reads as fol
lows: •
. Filed March 0,1896.
department 1.
People (Appellant) vs. Christian Knctte
(Respondent). ,
Criminal, No. 63.
indent was tried for the offense of ob
taining money and property by false pre
tenses. At the conclusion of the evidence in
chief for the prosecution the court advised the
jury to acquit, for the reason that, in the
judgment of the court, the case had not been
established; and the cafe was then submitted
to the jury, upon the instructions of the court,
without evidence on behalf of the defendant
or argument of counsel. The jury, notwith
standing the advice of the court, found the de
fendant guilty, and thereupon the court, of its
own motion, made an order setting aside the
verdict and granting the defendant a new
trial.
From this order the people prosecute this ap
peal, the sole point made being that the action
of the court was an abuse of its discretion.
The case is argued here by both parties upon
the assumption that the new trial wasgrauted
uoon the ground that the evidence was
deemed insufficient to sustain the verdict;
and, while no specified ground is stated in the
order of the court, it may be safely taken.
from the court's action in advising the jury to
acquit, that this assumption of counsel is cor
rect, It has been so repeatedly held here as
to become axiomatic that where a new trial is
grante.l on this ground, or where it is. one of
various grounds upon which the trial court
may have based the order, its action will not
be disturbed except in a case showing a man
ifest and unmistakable abuse of discretion.
This discretion is, of course, not arbitrary, '
but, like many other judicial functions, is to
be exercised under the sanction of the judi
cial oath; and the strong presumption being
always tnat it was so exercised, it will
require in any case a very clear showing to the
contrary to overcome such presumption and j
enable us to say that the power of the court in
that respect whs abused. While it is the ex
clusive province of the jury to find the facts,
it is, nevertheless, one of the most important
requirements of the trial Judge to see to it that
this function of the jury is ir.telligentlv and
justly exercised. In this respect, while he
cannot competently interfere with or control
the jury in passing upon the evidence, he,
nevertheless, exercises a very salutary super
visory power over the verdict. In the exercise
of that power he should always satisfy
himself that the evidence as a whole
is sufficifxit to sustain the verdict found,
and if in his Round judgment it does
not, he should unhesitatingly say so
and set the verdict aside. (People vs
Lum Yit, 83 Cal. 130.) . V v
it can, of course mAke no difference in the
exercise of this power by the court that the
evidence in the case was wholly that of the
prosecution and stands, in the sense at least
that it is not controverted by evidence on be
half of defendant, without conflict. The same
duty rests upon the Judge in such a case as
where the evidence is conflicting to satisfy
himielf that guilt has, been established: and",
notwithstanding the evidence m«y be ail one
way, he is not required to believe it, "A
court may reject the most' positive tes
timony, though the witness b« not dis
credited by direct testimony impeach
ing him or contradicting his statement.
The inherent Improbability of a statement may
deny it all claims to belief." (Blankman vs.
Yelk-jo, 15 Cal. 638, 645.) The Judge has the
witnesses before him, and, as suggested in
People ' vs. Lum Yit, supra, "an equal oppor
tunity with the jury to observe the manner of
witnesses, the character of their testimony and
to judge of their credibility and to discover
their motives: he, too, ought to be satis
lied that the evidence. as. a whole was
Mitticif nt to sustain the verdict: it, he
was not. it was not only toe proper exercise oX
a legal discretion, but his duty, to grant a new I
trial." .'People vs. Haker, supra; People vs.
Ashnauer, 47 Cal. 98; People vs. Ilotz.. /3 Cal.
241.)
N<>r does it affect the question that the evi
dence in the case may have a legal ♦■•"
denoy to prove nil the* mntcrial facts. Guilt
is to be established beyond a reasonable
doubt; and while there may be some evidence
to support each fact, this docs not signify that
it is necessarily such as to sr.Hsfy the con
science of the .ir.flse that a case is made which
warrants conviction.
Applying these principles to the record be
fore us, we cannot say that the learned Judge
of the court below improperly exercised his,
discretion in the premises.
In this view it is neither pertinent nor
proper for us to review or comment upon the j
evidence, since another trial niu*t )>e had. j
Nor for the same reason is it proper at tbls I
time to indicate our views upon the point
urged by defendant, that the evidence is in
sufficient in law to warrant a conviction.
That point should not be anticipated, since
upon another trif»l the evidence may be so
esw ntially different that it may not arise.
The order is aflirined. Van Fleet, J.
We concur:
ELuasmr. J.
(lAIKitTTE, J.
"I can easily see how this opinion is re
garded with disfavor by the civil lawyers,"
said Carroll Cook; "but the man wrong
fully accused of crime has nothing to fear
from it. The discretion accorded the trial
Judge, even when as broadly put as in
these words of Justice Van Fleet, can
never be employed against a defendant,
but only as an estoppel in the case of a
verdict of guilty when, in the discretion of
the court, that verdict is unjust from any
rrason whatever.
"And this ha 3 long been the practice in
this State and elsewhere. There is a ten
cited as early as 186*>, in the sixth Cali
fornia. This was the case of Peoole
aeainst Benson. The jury convicted.
There was a conflict in the evidence. The
Supreme Court granted a new trial, and in
doing so said:
The story of the woman (ihe proserutiut;
witness) is go improbable in itse'f as to warrant
us in the belief that the verdict was rendered
more upon popular excitement than upon the
Eaots. * * * A conviction upon such evi
dence would be a blot upon the jurisprudence
of me court and a libel upon jury trials.
"Again, in the fifty-first California, in
1575, xinder almost similar circumstances,
the Supreme Court, in granting a new
trial, said:
Her (the complaining; witness') story is so
grossly improbable upon the face of it as to
render the inference irresistible that the jury
most have been under the influence of pMaing
prejudice.
'•The principle is further illustrated,"
said Mr. Cook, "in some of the cases cited
before the Supreme Court recently in the
case of the People against Flood. If you
remember, Flood was convicted by the
jury, but the Judge set aside the verdict
and granted a new trial. From this rind
ing the District Attorney appealed to the
Supreme Court. One of the cases cited in
support of the Superior Judge's ruling
was that of Curtis vs. Starr & Co., In B6
California, wherein the Supreme Court
said:
He introduced some testimony tending to
■how this p.nd the jury entirely believed it.
But it must not be y>re»unied that the Judge did
not; and, if he did not, it was his duty to grant
a new trial.
The Judge should set aside the verdict
whenever he is not satisfied with it
upon the evidence, And his order in that
r«-pard will not be disturbed on appeal
if the evidence is substantially conflict
ing. The learned counsel Is in error in
supposing that this rule is confined to
cases tried without a jury.
"Another case cited there was that of In
re Smith, 98 California, wherein the Su
preme Court held that:
It is sufficient for us to know that there
is a substantial conflict in the evidence
and that the Judge, who was entirely
familiar with all its details and in a
much better position to give weight t<»
all its facts, has exercised the discretion
conferred upon him by granting a new
trial. "
"Now it appears to me," continued Mr.
Cook, "that a good deal of this language is
not very different from that used by Justice
Van Fleet in this decision.
"But what is to prevent a trial Judge
from exercising this discretion against a
defendant?
"A constitutional inhibition in criminal
cases; nothing in civil cases. The con
stitution says that 'No person shall be
twice put injeopardv forthe sameoffense.'
Now, if a trial Judge should interfere in
any way toward securing the conviction
of a defendant, well, that would oe suf
ficient grounds for a reversal— that is all
there is to that. He could not set aside a
verdict of acquittal. To hold that would
be preposterous. It is impossible to set
aside a verdict of acquittal in the United
States. The Federal constitution prohibits
it. The most an unfair or prejudiced
Judge can do to narm & defendant is to
insinuatingly influence a jury before ver
dict, and this can be done in any event,
with or without the discretionary powers
as laid down in Van Fleet's opinion. The
remedy for it is a reversal by the Supreme
Court.
"It is a fact that the trial Judge, by all
the authorities and by all the rules of
criminal procedure, has no right, in a
criminal case, to say anything which
would even let the jury suspect that he
holds an opinion on the facts at issue.
This opinion of Van Fleet's relates solely
to the Judge's power to set aside a con
viction when, in his judgment, the facts
were not sufficient to warrant such a ver
dict."
PAINTERS WILL STRIKE.
They Demand Higher Wages and
Shorter Hours of Their
Employers.
It Is Believed That the Difficulties
Will Be Adjusted Within a
Few Days.
The painters of this City will go out on ,
a strike to-morrow morning for higher j
wages, shorter hours and a recognition on :
the part of the boss painters of the work- .
ing-card system. This is not a sudden
movement on the part of the Painters' and
Decorators' Protective Union. Two months
ago they sent a letter containing their de
mands to the bosses. The painters de
mand $3 for a day of eight hours, and $4 j
for the decorators; also a recognition of j
the working-card issued by the Building;
Trades Council, and that no non-union i
men should be employed; and, further,]
that no more shoddy work shall be done j
nor inferior materials used.
Although the most reputable master
painters have agreed to comply with these
demands there are a number who have
either refused or declined to notice the
demands of the painters for a betterment
of their condition. It will be aaainst the
latter that the strike will be made. The
union now numbers about 700 members,
and all have received orders- to walk out of
every shop where the bosses decline to rec
ognize the union's demands.
All the painters who walk out will
go at once to the Temple, at 117 Turk
street, and report to the special strike com
mittee. There will be no trouble in the
shops favorable to the union.
Union leaders state that there is not
much fear of the strike lasting over two or
three days, because of the favorable atti
tude of 'the better element in the boss
painters.
The rainy season in the country trav
ersed by the Ashantee expedition does not
commence until April. The average max
imum of shade temperature in January
and February is 82 aeg. to 87 deg. Fahren
heit. The dress of the men consisted of
serge clothes, flannel shirt and flannel
vest.
Some one threatened to burn the school
house of a Kentucky district. The trus
tees built wheels for it, and every night a
pair of mules hauled it into the yard of the
"house of one of the trustees, where it was
guarded all night with a Winchester and
a bulldog.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
A LETTER FROM TRAYNOR
The Supreme President of the
A. P. A. Congratulates
State Leaders.
RECORD OF THE ORGANIZATION
Will Not Put a Ticket in the Field
Unless Ignored by Both the
Old Parties.
The State Convention of the American
Protective Association was brought to a
close yesterday. Shortly after the open
ing of the morning session President Hu
delson called the attention of the con
vention to this paragraph in the Monitor:
We have been disposed to underestimate or
to overestimate the strength of tlie A. P. A.
President Hudelson in his address claims a
membership of 50,000. Of course it is impos
sible to verify this assertion or to prove it
false. Hudelson himself does not know, and
from the nature of the case cannot know; but
it would be very surprising to those who know
anything about the order if he were out more
than '20,000 in his calculations.
We may take it for granted, therefore, that
there are in this State 30,000 men at. least
who have given themselves, body and soul,
into Hudelson's hands. These 30,000 men
represent 30,000 votes, which he can fling
from one party to the other as a unit. Prac
tically such voting power would render
lludeison dictator of California. If the A. P.
A. can keep its men together, and if there is
no general and systematic opposition to the
candidates which it favors.it cannot fail to
control the next election. •
The reading of the article brought every
member of the council to his feet.
M. B. Cusick, president of Merced Coun
cil, moved that 10,000 copies of the article
be published for free distribution among
the members of the order. J. W. Turner
of Eureka moved for 20,000. C. P. Mc-
Glashan of Truckee moved to make it
30,000. W. W. Coons of Sacramento added
20,000 more, making it 50,000, one cony for
each member of the order. This motion
prevailed and that number was printed
and sufficient copies to be forwarded to
each council for its members.
The committee on legislation recom
mended the preparation of a bill to the
effect "that all children between the ages
of 7 and 15 be compelled to attend a public
school at least three months of each year."
Adopted.
The committee on constitutional amend
ments recommended that subordinate
councils be permitted to fix the monthly
dnes of its own members at any sum it
might see tit; also that a committee of
live be appointed by the chair to revise the
constitution and report at the next annual
session; botli oi which werf adopted.
The committee on the political standing
of the order, of which Governor Sheldon
of Pasadena was chairman, submitted the
following, which was adopted:
Tne actioc that shall bo taken by the A. P.
A.'s this year for the National, or munici
pal campaign will have a'.arge^and controlling
influence on the rMQIt Its power will depend
upon compactness of organization, {unanimity
of action and the intelligence and wisdom in
which it is divided composed, as it Is, of men
of every previous party affiliation. It may be
difficult to throw the masses of votes of this
association in favor of any particular party, on
account of differences which exist on questions
other than those on which this order has pro
nounced itself distinctively.
In the opinion of your committee the time
has not arrived to attempt to organize a sep
arate political party under the auspices of the
association. Under the circumstances the
question is, What course shall the members
pursue? Yonr committee unhesitatingly ex
presses the opinion that they should regard as
paramount and controlling the principle
and demand of the order when, in issue. In
such eases all oiher issues should be held as
secondary and subordinate, and in order that
our principles may become operative and
effective in public affaire by Congressional,
municipal and legislative bodies.
Therefore it is of the first and highest im
portance that only legislators of ail classes
should be chosen, who are known to be un
flinching friends of our cause, and in order to
avoid possible mistakes it is best to elect to
such positions, whenever practicable, mem
bers oi this order whose character afford irre
fragable proof of lh«i* sincerity and courage.
Whenever impracticable to eiect such, we ad
vise that the vottß of the members be thrown
for those on the outside of the order who can
be most safely relied upon to tupport our
measures.
In regard to the candidates for other than
legislative positions we advise that the same
policy be pursued; and we further advise,
whenever necessary, sacrifices be ma.le to
secure the election of our iriends to legislative
positions.
Should neither of the existing political par
ties recognize cur principles in th?ir plat
forms, and should all of them nominate candi
dates for President and Vice-President whose
characters, sentiment or previous conduct
render them unworthy of the coniidenco of
our order, it will, in the opinion of your com
mittee be the daty of the A. P. A. to put in the
field a ticket of its own, and under the same or
similar circumstances we advise that the same
course be pursued in State, district or mnnici
pal affairs.
This order must and shall be recognized for
what it is, a power la the field of poll'ics, and
it cannot be made a tail to the kite of any po
litical paity. Whenever it is so made it will
cease to be serviceable to the cause of pure pol
itics, good government and progressive Amer
ican civilization. As an order we must force
the issue between true Americanism and ec
clesiaetlci*m in our political affairs.
It must not be expected that we shall sail on
an unruffled sea. We shall encounter eddies,
breakers and storms. We shall be beset by
bosses, demagogues and tricksters. There will
be bland pretensions to the adherence of our
principles by men who want to gain our votes
and at the same time keep on good terms with
our enemies. Such will betray us in the future
as they have in the past
The order will not deserve to succeed and
will not succeed unless it moves on the high
plane of good principles; unless it puts its
foot on impure and irregular politics, assures
good government to the people, promotes
civilization and maintains popular ruie, which
are the fundamental principle- 1 of our free in
stitutions.
Just as the convention was about to
adjourn a letter was read from Supreme
President Traynor. It is as follows:
B. F. Iluddson, State President American Pro
tect he. Association, San Franciico, Cat.— Dear
Sir: Next 10 being present at your honorable
anil patriotic assembly— a probable pleasure
that 1 have dwelt much upon within the past
few months only to be compelled to forego at
the last moment — I know of no greater happi
ness thaii this opportunity afforded me of
being present with you in spirit, and no more
perfect sense of satisfaction than my knowl
edge of the absolute independence of the or
der iv the State of California of all extraneous
assistance, and its ability, born of good gov
ernment and efficient administration, to con
duct its own attnirs and maintain those prin
ciples and carry oil in the belt possible man
ner among adverse conditions those purposes
for which it was organized.
The State Council of California is a striking
exemplification of what latriotism, disinter
estedness, ability and tenacity can accomplish
when judiciously applied. Two years ago it
was an infant in growih and experience, and I*
feel that I was no false prophet when at the
Supreme Council held at" Dcs Moines I prog
nosticated for it a niagnilicent future. 1 must
confess that the prophecy has been more than
fulfilled already, for California now stands
within one State Council of the head and front
of the order iv its labor of reform. This is a
record which should bring pride and joy to j
the heart of every Californfan A. P. A. and a
sense of supreme satisfaction to those into
whose hands the charter of authority was com
mitted.
While the order in your State has doubtless
been afflicted with- all those ailments, etc.,
which organizations of this class are heir to;
while you have encountered the opposition of
an uninformed public from without and the
tru ks aiui conspiracies of the spies of partisan
rings and party bosses from within, it should
send a thrill of joy to every loyal heart to-day
that you stand unharmed by the conflict and
purified by adversity.
Jt its fair to assume that like all other States
you have had your internal trials and dis
sensions, Hie all other States too that perfect
and general satisfaction has not always gone
baud in han-i with success. So km* as men
are human, so long as officers are mortal, this
must be so. and it Is healthful that it is 30.
Difference of opinion honestly expressed is
the motive power of patriotism even as it is
the active principle of good government. The
council where this difference is absent is a
stagnant body in the first throes of dissolution.
Ii is where debate is lively, where every mem
ber is thinking, working with his whole
aoul— where the voice of the majority after
due discussion is the respected and effective
NEW TO-DAY— DRT G oo BS^^_^^_^^_^^^^~^^ — rr~~~~~ ~^"
2^ ."VfO CATHODE RAYS ARE NEED- TIKE A GREAT CONFLUENCE OF TTNPARALLELED DISPLAY OF THROUOHOUT .THE. .j^g
fci^ed here to discover values, that are -*^ the rushing waters, the choicest U Spring Novelties now awaits your 1. | en vth and breadth ;01 our -**»
2H so; apparent. Every department, productions of the season's styles come inspection. : Early / spring has never ■ , . 6 . t •„„- c * rprnniti every — •
fc flushed with the expectancy of :an rapidly rolling in. Weaves more fine brought forth before half .the new labynntnian Sioreiuum cvw J. -^
»~ immense trade for the coming season, and filmy 'than, the gossamer web, styles that we are showing at the alcove and winding has US --•
\t^ rises in its might for the opening sale, and in the light of whose artistic present moment. One visit will suf- ' iikn 'Tis hard amid z^
fc: and names such prices as these. shades and brilliant colorings the rain- | nee to convince that this is. the store attraction. »" .. . — «s>
g^; : — - bow pales. Words cannot convey nor ' par excellence to do your trading in the many glaring bargains iv -^
•*" I flHip«' C^neS imagination grasp the boundless ex- j the coming season, where your in- _ snf . _* the department :Z2
5^ UctUie^ va^ta. tent of the many styles already here. ! terests are always guarded with zealous point OUt in » ~« J f f t
2£: Spring Capes in all their attractive- Monday morning they will be appro- care. Look at our bid for patronage. which holds aiott tne greatest. -*m
fc" ness are here in ahundance. 100 priately displayed for inspection/ No inducement but, en passant, - r^g
*£- Capes will be placed on sale in ; the such collection has yet been recorded : ..,, ' ■+*,<>■ fnllowina:
' -. morning at a price that will make in the West, no such prices ever named _ : . . Will name me '«" un *» -«
STI .-.- tbemdoublv attractive; about 20 on the Continent. Behold the goods Wfl^h Dfess FabflCS specialties.
different styles, handsomely braid- m all their elegance, and wonder at \ »yaaH UIW l.ouiiwo !. =V lav "- • -^
«»- ed, embroidered and appliqued. the prices here affixed. >,■'" . . — '■ r^|
S^ well worth $10, for — Fine Crepon Zephyrs, absolutely fast - _^
£ »•', . „• 56.50. Silks., ' colors, in all the evening and street Parasols. 3
En.* x, „. «V, OllkS. shades; Dresden Madras, a beauti- Kara-SOIrJ* r-J
Extreme Novelties, High-grade Goods, ful new fabric, in handsome color- -«
•^ . in Ladies' Fine , Capes, bought to An immense line of Beautiful Taffeta ings and perfect dye. — T „._,•„- -eason =S
•jr: sell for $15 and $20, but in order to Silk «11 th npw rich rolor ; ne . s de- :- ■ The new tbines for the coming season ~2
|ZZ start the season with a rush we rimed loTth" iysent B?aso? at Silk-striped Linon Suiting, the stylish just landed. Styles entirely dif-
! S^' name the figures for the present signed for the present season, at goods of this season. The entire erent from any produced in for- 33
'»= $QSQ 50C a Yard. three lines at mer seasons. All the new Dresden _^
ZZ Ppiiltt Extraordinary value in a fine line of 2OC a Yard. ffects to T^v^rh^zvllxer™
5= , j. , c ..• Figured Striped and Dresden Ef- UO dress goods. Exclusive pat^rns
fcr LaUieS rSUItS. feet Taffeta Silk; splendid value  .. . . _. " ... here from g,
E Navy Blue Serge Suits, lined through- for $1. Our price'to-morrow u^Tn S' coloirV 7 $2.00 tO $6.00. 3
J»T • out, skirt full 5 yards wide. The- 7c „ Y^rH ' « *=•' w" ;; V; ' "2
2TI very latest style suit in the market, /OCaiara.. 15C a Yard. r^
S^= and the price we name is All the rich, rare new colorings in the . •. •»••;*»■ 22
;^ $7.50. Dresden Persian and Warp Dyed German Eiderdowns, in stripes, plaids Kid QIOVeS. =S
French Serge Suits in black, extra . nn Vat-H and figures, almost impossible to — _. , ;; _ -
»- quality, skirt lined throughout m Jpl.UUa lara, distinguish them from the French A o , reat department in our house. 13
with Rustle lining, full width and The newest of the new exquisite color- flannels. To-morrow s price Every kind of a glove that is ;^
ijn latest style, splendid value, for ings, charming effects, beautiful 121 c stvli&h can be found here. That -^
8^ * $12 5O designs, both in evening and street I , t^-^v*. sensational 4-Button Pique Glove, — *»
*pi*..ovi shades. Persian, Dresden and . ,  , . . ■««. i which created such a furor among ;^
I j. "7 T" f j chameleon effects. Not $2 50 or $3, A few choice colorings in the real the trade last week, we will con- -^
fc. LadieS JaCKetS. but . French Flannels, 75c quality, for t in Ue the %ale of for a few days
tZ 50 Jackets of various sizes, colors and $1.50 a Yard. • 35C. longer. No better glove on the _^
g^ designs, on sale early Monday. See . market for $1 25, yet our price is =^
j^: these values at Dl i /"» 'J Costume Crepons, an elegant summer ' TSC. -^
$5.00. DiaCK UOOUS. dress material, superior to any- - 13
o— . r. AA , 1 v . . . . ■• , „ ■ thing we have ever offered before —^
I 3Ii!S"E« P E An W»^sr*Bs« at " Me - O^ Price —., Laces. 3
fr^ f^f^ inch Cheviots. Your choice of the cream butter and linen shades, r^
«C IpI.UU. entire line at ;%. I S«z»«tf " the new silk Val. laces in abun-
o ~~T ~Z. t . . 50C a Yard. ■ LineilS. dance, linen Venice bands, in all --•
«^ Separate 5k irtS. — — _ widths and all-overlace and edges
I . A magnificent stock of.thew poods just Colored Dress Goods The first shipmentof our import oraer £Sj*aiK£aSis 3
landed. Two special things have ]ust to hand. Early Monday " Lon «nH linpn colored eal 12
fc: caught our notice; an All-wool Silk Striped Challies, choice designs, morning it will be ready for in- ' Kjass linen Correct prices. .ga =5:
£ Black Serge Skirt, fully 5 yards all £ att erns, full 30 inches spection. 50 pieces Fine German loons, all at correct prices.
>■•*- wide, lined throughout, for . an new_ patterns, lull do inches Damask, 64 inches wide, bleache* ■ : . ;
B $3.50. ' 25C a Yard. o^ unbleached, exceptional value Millinery.
;^ Black Alpaca Skirt, entirely new cut Novelty Dress Patterns, something ', 50C. ,77^* v 1 * — :
5= lined throughout, velvet faced land new in low-priced goods, one of a • _* ' Our new Spring Millinery has already -3
- . hve yards wide, any length. Price kind your choice of styles weaves 2Q pieces Pure ,-,.-, dlrect from arrived. The announcement of 3
! I . oDly $5.00. "ve^mTuSd'nktnd'wo"! • "<%!™££ *"*' g °° d •, eady Se^Every indication points 3
VW * mixtures, cheviots and illuminated value for $1. Our price that it will be the best of our many --
miL- Walcfc effects. To-morrow's price 75C. magnificent displays. Watch for -^
i • Olli\ VVdlala. -<6Q cr» o Cin'+ ■■■•.-.-.■ : - the grand occasion, • ■:^
;^ Ladies' Silk Waists, a superb collec- . ipO.OU d s>Ult. Bleached Satin Damask 2 yards wide, '' — "* 3
;^ tion extra quality silk tai or- The crowning event of the day iv extra nice quality, choice designs. Our Spring Catalogue is 3
;^I made, correct styles and beautiful be oO lin ported Dress Patterns, all o n s^ tn mnrmw »t spriwjj w«m»««&«
j fez designs; well worth from $7 50 to different colors, plaids, stripes, un.saie.ro morrow at . now on the presses, thor- r^
$10. Our price to-morrow broken checks, silk and wool mix- . ■ $1.00. 10 -hlv illn<:trated and a de-
i^ ■: ■ SSR OO tures. hair-line stripes and tiny OUgniy .UlUSiraieu, aim a
Jt: *^ IUUI ' pin checks, all worth $3 50. Our Large % Napkins to match for , tailed price-list of every ar- rS
i§i Children's Jackets. pricet0 ~ ff 9 _ „„.. : " $3.50 Doz. tide m the store, send in
E Three different lines, all extraordinary ■• , . $5.25 a Suit. your address and get a com-
S*^ : value, choice little garments, thor- By last night's express a few choice. 200 dozen % Napkins, the greatest plete encyclopedia of the dry-
E*" oughly made in the latest styles, French Dress Patterns for Mon- value of the season, for I crnnds hiuine«« free of charce. :^
C: best colorings and worth twice the day's trade; nothing like them yet nn gOOdS DUSinesS Tree OI cnargc. -^
•~- price asked— sl so, $3 and shown here; a rarity in the mar- *pim\J\Jm -^
!E $5 OH Each ket. To-morrow's price will be "~~~ . . Note it down this week, it -*»
k^- »p^.vy^ bach. within the reach of all, for we 175 dozen % Napkins, extra nice qual- ♦ ? " LJh^ „«. =^
SZ XT . .. , — • , . :-::■■■' make it itv for pays to do your trading at US
it: Note it down, this week it pays to do niakeil a ,_ _^. A . . Ui> lor . .j,, _.-. il-/ M , - :^
your shopping at The Maze. $7.50 Apiece. $1.50. The Maze.
•• _^^sBB^. ~^2
foctor— that strength and unity of action are
secured.
It U with a heart filled with joy and con
gratulation to California as to the order at
large that I announce to you the greatest tri
umph thai the American Protective Associa
tion has ret achieved— the complete defeat of
the Indian appropriations. Congressman
Linton has proven himself a veritable Lincoln,
than which I know of no higher attribute to
his qualities ol statesmanship. It needs no
suggestion from me for yonr honorable body
to recognize his noble ana disinterested efforts
in a iranner befitting his services.
Whiie the yudden diversion of about a half
million dollars annually from the pockets of
the papal priests has tested beyond ail ques
tion the patriotism and ability of our loyal
members in Congress, it has demonstrated
another fact, yet even more significant, that
tne power of the A. P. A. is waxing stronger
eacn year, instead of, as our enemies claim,
becoming weaker; that it is the Jmost potent
factor in politics ior good to-day, and can meet
the papal lobby upon its own ground.
I would urge" upon your honorable body re
newed activity in the" political arena In order
ttiat we may, at the next Congressional elec
tion, return to Washington 200 Lintons and
cleanse the Senate of its corrupt unpatriotic
ism. Lay your wires that California may send
at least half a dozen such.
I would also draw your attention to the im
mediate necessity of providing for efficient
means for .agitating the various measures of
reforms which our order advocates. These are
as follows:
A bill to secure a just distribution of Federal
offices.
A bill to establish a National university.
A bill to restrict immigration and regulate
naturalization.
Liuton'R joint resolution No. 11, amending
the constitution prohibiting for all time sec
tarian appropriations.
A bill— not formulated— prohibiting the official
recognition by the United States, or any officer
thercot, of any dignitary of any ecclesiastical
body or church, or the official recognition as
such as the delegates or representatives of any
church or ecclesiastical power.
A bill— not yet formulated — prohibiting any
body ef men other thau members of the Lntted
states army and navy and oi the militia of th<»
various States from drilling or parading with,'
keeping in any armory or using firearms or
deadly weapons of any kind, such act not to
{ extend to the uniform ranks of benefit socie-
A bill to secure an amendment to tbe consti
tution providing for the election of United
States Senators by popular vote.
\V_ J. H. Thayxor, Supreme President.
After singing "America" the conven
tion adjourned sine die.
MARCEAU AGAIN SUING.
He Wishes to Recover Money Ad
vanced by Him to His
Wife.
T. C Marceau has commenced suit to
recover $14,000 from his wife. It is in the
nature of an attachment suit, and a
garnishment is out for the money she has
in the First National Bank, which will b?
served if cnly an officer of the bans can
be found.
Marceau claims his wife owes him about
$60,0C0, advanced to her at various times
and in various ways, and he is going to
get it all back. He has commenced a suit
in Fresno to attach some land down there
untiJ she pays him $40,000 more.
Suits Filed at Fresao.
FRESNO, Cal., March 7.— Two suits of
foreclosure were brought in the Superior
Court here to-aay by Theodore C. Marceau
against his wife, Amanda J. Marceau, to
foreclose two mortgages, one for $12,000
on the old Fiske Opera-house on I street
and one for $15,000 against tbe Fiske block
on J street. When Marceau married Mrs.
Fiske these mortgages were on the prop
erty. Colonel Marceau paid them off and
they were transferred to him and he holds
them against the property at present.
This property is considered worth $100,000.
"Courtinp-sticks" were in use in New
England about 100 year? ago. They were
long wooden tabes, through which lovers
could whisper to each other when the
presence of other persons interfered with
the secret exchange of endearing expres
sions.
STRIKE IN THE REDBANKS
A Big High-Grade Vein of Gold
Quartz Opened on the
Merced River.
THE WALLS ABE OF SLATE.
The Lucky Owners Are Bratnober,
Wortenweiler and Salinger— Will
Erect a Forty-Stamp Mill.
J. T. Gove, who is well known through
out the West, he having been one of the
first settlers of Omaha, and afterward of
Salt Lake, who has been in and out of
Denver and Leadville a good deal, and
who knows a good deal about mines, with
which business he has had much to do for
» long time, is in the City.
Mr. Gove has for a good while been buy
ing lead, silver and copper ores. Ha has
often been in the Coeur d'Alene region,
where lead and silver predominate, and
J. T. GOVE.
[Sketched from life by a "Call' artist.]
has bandied some of the output there, as
well as of some of the camps of Montana
and British Columbia. For some time past
he has been at Coulterville, where he »ays
great progress is being made in gold min
ing. Among the developments there is ft
big strike In the Redbanks mine.
"This mine," said Mr. Gove yesterday,
"is owned by Messrs. Bratnober, Worten
weiler and Salinger, It is situated six
miles south of Ooulterville, near Split
Rock Ferry, on the Merced River. The
Sroperty was bought over a year ago, and
idn't have but a little ore in sight.
"They went to work and spent about
$75,000 there. They ran a tunnel, and
tinally struck the big vein at a distance
from the surface cf about 400 feet. The
vein varies from six to thirty feet wide,
both walls being slate.
"They must have between 60,000 and 70,
--000 tons of ore in sight there now, and
from what I know of it it must be good
ore.
"I understand it rnns about $12 a ton,
though estimates much higher have been
made, as for instance from $20 to $80 on
the average. Besides the tunnel which
reached the ore there are from 300 to 400
feet of levels.
"The owners have recently got down to
the mine about 800,000 feet of lumber for
their dams on the Merced River and for
building a mill. The mill is to have 40
stamps. The power of the Merced River
is to be used for running the mill."
Messrs. Bratnober and Wortenweiler,
two of the owners, are among the best
known mining men on the Pacific Coast.
Mr. Bratnober over a year aeo went to
Coolgardie, and he has been vibrating be
tween London and that wild camp since
then, and is said to have placed several
properties and made much money since
then. Mr. Wortenweiler is another lucky
mining man. He formerly owned the
Blue Bird at Butte, was interested in other
Montana mines and has had interests in
South America. He is a thorough mining
man.
RIGHT TO COLLECT FEES
Filing of the County Clerk's
Argument Supporting the
Fees Bill.
Large Number of Authorities Cited
to Prove the Law Is a
General One.
Respondents' brief in the case of Henry
Miller et. al. against Charles F. Curry,
the County Clerk, was filed in tbe Supreme
Court yesterday by their attorneys, Del
mas & Shoriridge.
This is a test case, and a most interesting
one to many City officials, since it involves
the right of the County Clerk to collect
fees for the filing of an answer to a pending
suit. In the words of the brief itself:
This is an apceal from a judgment of the
Superior Court of the City and County of San
Francisco, denying appellants' application for
avmot mandate to compel the respondent,
as County Clerk of said City and County, to
file an answer In a pending ajction without
collecting fees therefor.
The respondent justides his refusal to file the
answer because appellants have declined to
pay the fee, under the provisions of "An act to
establish the fees of county, township and
other officers, and of jurors and witnesses in
tnfs State," passed by the Legislature, and
approved on the 28th day of March, 1893.
There is no question as to the validity of the
act It is admitted that if it applies to the
City and County of San Francisco the respond
ent's position is correct. The Issue having
been brought before the lower court by the
pleadings, after full argument It decided" that
the act is a general one, operating uniformly
upon all the officers in this State who are
named in it. The fcole contention of appellants
is that it does not apply to the City and County
of San Francisco. "
Respondent cites numerous authorities
in support of the contention that the law
was intended to be. general, and says, in •
fact, that .. ;
The constitution provides that all laws of a
general nature shall have a uniform operation,
and that the Legislature shall not pass local
or: special laws regulating the practice of :
courts of justice, regulating county ami town- 1
ship ' business, ; affecting estates of ■ deceased
persons, minors or other persons under legal
disabilities, prescribing the powers and duties
of officers in counties, cities'. ■ cities and coun
ties, townships, etc., affecting the fees of any
officer, 1 uor in any other case whero a general
law can be made applicable. •
There can be no doubt that the Legislature •
could have made, and did make, this act ■ gen
erally applicable to all rases and to ail class
ofwhieh it treats; neither can there be any
doubt that the art itself can be made to apr-lv
to all county ana other. officers of which it
treats in this State, and that, without elvine
its ,words j any j other construction - than their
usual and r : ordinary interpretation i imports.
To adopt any other construction would- be to
condemn "upon, hypothetical. and scant evi
dence the members of the Legislature of will
ful or ignorant transgression of every on* of
the express constitutional limitations noted
above. It is maintained that legislative intent
was never less ambiguously expressed nor based
upon more sound reasons for fa existence.
: «^ n v h ?k P » O . i . n l' °, f '- :^ Bpo ' nii « nt ' B ' conten
tion .19, that "the legislative intent, based
X^ on ll u tioMl t requirements, cannot
nru??ion • * & ° 7 rUl ° ° f sCatulor - v ■»•
This point is amplified to some extent,
but the entire bhef is not len R thT and be!
yond the large number of author ties cited
but not quoted/the i document i, quite
Kj.'man Wn t0 the appreciation oi the :
layman. WnifßliWiiiTrrr* 'srNDAY MARCH 8, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
BAtmnv Thvatfr.— MarsicK. Monday even-
Ing "A Milk White T'lng."
( olttmbia Theater-"A Railroad Ticket."
-Vorosco's Oi>ERA-HorsK — ••The Midnight
Flood.'
GSOVWI Aixazar.— "Bohemißn GUI."
Tjvoi.l Opkra-Hoi-sk.— --Rip V:-n Winkle."
(■HrHK"M. — Ilish-Class Vftiirtcville.
The AriHTOKifM— Comer of Jones and Kddy
stri-t-:.-;— Somnolency. Thursday evening, March
12, Maiernu and O.nV.rioek.
Maciono.-oh Thkateb (Oakusd) — "King
Lear," to-morrow nißht.
StKOHANios' Pavilion— Bicycle Tournament.
Bkoox thr Cxoro— Daily nt Ha'.ght street.
ene block east of the Vark.
Goi-den Gate Park— Golden Gate Park Band.
1 acifjcCoast.lockky Cmjb.— K*oßt to-morrow.
AUCTION SALES.
Bt Voh Rbein Co. — Tuesday, March 10,
Real Kstate, at Salesroom, 513 California street,
b US o'clock.
By S. W atkins— Tuesday, March 10, Tatter-
sh!!'s Stable, corner Geary and Leavenworth sts.,
b; 11 o'clock.
Baldwin- & Hammond.— Real Estate, at 10
Moatgomery street.
CITY NEWS IN BEIEF.
Ira D. S&nkey does not like the new woman.
The will of Elias Goslinsky has been filed for
probate.
A church at the Panhandle has been named
in honor of Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper.
The rate for eastbound freight -via Panama
wW be reduced to 30 cents by March 23.
"Fiiir Snnday; iight westerly winds," is the
prophecy issued last night by Forecast Official
McAdie.
George Piuil has been sentenced to eight
rears' imprisonment in Folsom for burglary by
Judge Belcher.
George Moran has been sent to Folsom for
two years by Judge Bahrs for an assault with a
deadly weapon.
A debate between socialists and anarchists
will take place to-morrow night in Washing
ton-squiarc ll all.
T. C. Marceau Is suing to recover various
Fums of money advanced by him at various
times to his wife.
The carpenters' and painters mass-meeting
and "smoker" at 117 Turk street last night
was a grand success.
A peculiar romance has been unearthed in
searching for the particulars involved in the
if Scr!bner.
The winning horses at Ingleside yesterday
were: Dura.shieldbearer, EdKearny.Burmati,
Key del Bandidos and Yankee Doodle.
The A. P. A. Convention adjourned sine die.
A letter from President Traynor was received
with much enthusiasm by the delegates.
Clipper ships are carrying freight to New
York for 30 cents per 100 pounds and have
taken a hand in the thro ugh freight rate war.
Japanese hemp, as grown in Tulare County,
promises to take the place of expensive Cal
cutta jute in the local manufacture of coarse
bags ana twine.
The residence of Mrs. Miller, 715 a O'Farreil
s'reet, was entered by burglars yesterday
morning and several hundred dollars' worth
of jewelry sto'.en.
Frank Johnson, a racing man, pwore out a
■warrant in Judge Low's court yesterday for
tLe arrest of Attorney A. S. Xewburg on the
charge of burglary.
William McCarthy, a ship-calker living on
York street, was arrested yesterday morniug
for stabbing C. Meagher, a neighbor, during a
fight on Friday night.
Antoine Borel is suing tne estate of Louis
Blank and several other defendants to fore
(low on some land held as security for a vote
made by Blank for $22,000.
The health authoritiea are considering the
n of extending the "hog limits" of the
1 Lty and removing the swine ranches from Bay
View and the Excelsior Homestead tracts.
The bail of Peter t~. Lane has been reduced
from $15,000 on each charge of felonious as
fcault against him to $2500. It is expected
that ht will secure the bail necessary for his
release.
The decision of Justice Van Fleet in the case
of People aea.nst Christian Knutte, wherein
wen of the trial Judge are defined, has
teal of discussion among the
lawyers.
The Municipal Buildings Committee of the
• rvisors has recommended rive of
Th--' sixteen designs presented for the new mu
i:icipa'i building to be erected on the site of the
old City Hall.
Manuel E. Oliver, a painter, charged by
his mother-in-law, Mrs. Brady, 143 Minna
sireet, with perjury, is now charged by her
with bavins committed bigamy in marrying
her daughter.
The San Miguel Rancho Defense Club met
gbt in the Mission and received sixty
six new members. The members are making
- rogren in their combined fight against
the Noe heirs.
-an Francises and its Fifth P.etpmentof the
Boys' Brigade defeated the Second -Regiment
of the opposite side of the bay yesterday after
noon in'a football game at Central Park, the
Ecore being 10 to 6.
Pedro Cuda, who has a mania for attempt
ing to kill dissolute women, was yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court by
Judge Conlan in $2000 bonds on the charge of
lit with a deadly weapon.
Delmas <fe Shortrklge, attorneys for County
Clerk Curry, have filed respondent's bi
H-tof Henry Miller against the County
clerk. In which the iee9 bill is involved in so
far as it relates to »San Francisco at least.
The residents of the Potrero are earnestly
fitritating the question of immediately remov
• pesthouse from its present location on
Twenty-sixth street. At a meeting of the
Nuevo* Potrero Improvement Club held last
evening resolutions urging the Board of .Super
vison to take such action were passed.
The will of Charles S. Eaton, the music- 1
dealer, was filed forprooate yesterday, He left
an estate the value of which has not yet been j
estimated. He mentions a few small bequests
to relatives and friends,- and then directs that
the remainder of his estate go to his widow,
Jennie T. Eaton. The widow end Albert A.
Brown are nominated as executors.
NEW LABOR MOVEMENT.
1 lie Printing Trades to Form a Central
Council— The Brewerymen.
A new labor movement is about to be
brought forward to some extent different
from any ever before started in this City.
Last evening there was a meeting of com
mittees from the Bookbinders, Typo
graphical and Printing Pressmen's unions.
The object was to take the preliminary
<^teps to forming an allied printing trades
council, holding a similar position to that
of the Building Trades Council. By puch
a combination it is Delieved that all differ
erences between employers and employes
can De settled easier and quicker than
under the present order of things, where
every union is oblieed to make its own
It wa3 the sense of the meeting of the
committees that the council adopt a label
for their work, and all shops using this
label will be supported by the council and
no one will be permitted to work in shops
with non-union men. The committees will
recommend to their unions the formation
<f the proposed council. _
The United Brewery Workmen's Union
held a very enthusiastic meeting last night
at their headquarters, 1159 Mission street.
The declaration of principles and the social
i.nd political demands, as adopted and sub
in itteci by the labor convention, were con
sidered and indorsed.
The votes were cast unanimously for an
auxiliary political body working har-
: ■ (.-liously with the Labor Council, ihe
• ■ -retary 'reported that several new roem
hera had joined the union and the out
look at present was very favorable. The
following cail was issued:
To all Members of the United Brewery
V oricmen'6 Union, Local Union No. 7 of ban
Krancisco, Greeting-From this date until the
inn of April the initiation lee to this organi
zation will be $5 and all back dues and fines
i.-mitted. Let us unite once more to protect
oat common interests.
A Stringency in Feei.
Judge Slack baa Bet aside the order granting
counsel fees to the attorneys in the estate of
Bridget Wilkinson. It was found there was
not enough money in the estate to pay funeral
expenses, so the lawyers will nave to wan.
The estate was originally appraised at $9000.
nnd litigation was carried on in proportion,
I at the estate is hardly worth $2600, and a
consequent stringency in fees and emoluments
has taken place.
A MAIL STEAMER
LONG OVERDUE
What Has Become of the
City of Rio de
Janeiro?
FOURTEEN DAYS LATE.
Merchants and Underwriters
Very Much Exercised Over
the Matter.
OVER TWO MILLIONS INVOLVED
Gold and Silver Coin Running Into
the Thousands Included in
the Shipments.
"What has become of the steamer City
of Rio de Janeiro?" is the question that
shipping men are asking each other nowa
days. The vessel left here on February 6
The Pacific iVlail Steamship Company's City of Rio de Janeiro as She Appeared When Leaving Port
Last February.
[Sketched by a "Call" artitt.]
last for Hongkong via Yokohama, but
nothing has been heard from her since.
According to schedule time she was due
at Yokohama on February 23, but no re
port from that point has come to either
the Merchants' Exchange or the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company, and merchants
who had goods aboard, and relatives who
had passengers in the cabin, have been be
sieging the office of the Mail Company on
Market street for several days past.
According to the figures supplied by the
Mail Company the Rio is now fourteen
days overdue at Yokohama. Agent Cen
ter laughs at the idea of anything having
happened to the steamer, but just the
same 20 per cent reinsurance is being paid
on the vessel and cargo.
The China, which arrived on the sth
inst., reported having passed through a
hurricane on her way here and was very
severely handled. The Rio may have
been caught in the same storm and some
of her machinery may have broken down.
In any event, great anxiety is felt for
her safety, and shippers who did not in
sure are now seeking to cover a probable
loss.
In connection with the long passage of
the Rio ue Janeiro one of the crew of the
steamer Australia told an interesting story
yesterday.
"It was away back in 1888 that wecaugbt
it," said he. "Chief Steward James of the
Australia was on the steamer at the same
time. Ye gods, how it did blow. The
wind came from all directions at once, and
when we came to ourselves we were a
thousand miles out of our course ana short
of fuel. In consequence we had to econo
mize in the matter of coal and we were
just twenty-eight days in reaching Yoko
hama.
"Now, let me teil you something. The
Rio de Janeiro is what we men who make
our living on the briny deep (that's what
you call it. isn't it?) call a tender ship.
Tbat is, she was built to suit the times and
was not kneed up as she should have been.
Just the same, a better seaboat never sailed
out of San Francisco. In the storm 1
spenk of the San Pedro ran out of fuel and
had to put into Hawaii to secure a deck
load of blocks to feed the furnaces.
".She had over 200 Chinese steerage pas
! sengers, and each one of them was paid a
I dollar a day in order to get the blocks
aboard. The Rio de Janeiro rode the hur
; ncane like a duck, and we were never in
I any danger except from the seas that
i broke aboard and at times threatened to
I swamp us. Just the same it took us
i twenty-eigbtdays to reach Yokohama, and
we were thankful enough to get there
even at that late date."
"When spoken to about the matter yes
terday Ae;ent Center was anything but
cheerful. Still he attempts to put the best
face possible on the matter.
"You see," said he, "the steamer may
have arrived at Yokohama and we not
Know anything about it. The telegraph
operators in New York are not very care
ful, and our ' dispatch may : have - been
pigeonholed. I .think the first news we
will get from the Rio will be her arrival at .
i Yokohama. The vessel is overdue, well,
about eleven days, but then she may nave
run into a typhoon and been driven out
of her course. We expect to hear from
her at any time, and I don't think there is
any cause for alarm."
r : The Rio took out merchandise mani
fested a? follows: .
China '....."$ 38,466
Japan ...... 106,584
Korea •• V6l
5ingap0re.............. 3,300
J'enuutr..... 1.865
.Samar&ngr. :..... 1,401
Batavla 315
gandakan.. '•',:,
The shipments principally represented '
were as follows: .;
China— s22l barrels of flour, 4982 pounds of
ginseng, lt>B packages of groceries and pro
visions," 240 cases of canned goods, 1427
pounds of cheese, 3808 pounds of hams and
bacon, 10 barrels of pork, 12 ,024 pounds of
; beans and dried peas, 15 reels of barbed wire,'
etc. .■■'•■• ■■■ • ■ >
Japan— l 763 barrels of flour, 1,009,629
pounds of cotton, 2022 gallons of wine, 03
packages of groceries and provisions, 83 cases
of canned goods, 873 ; pounds of hops, 304
pounds of butter. 553 pounds of cheese,, 132
barrels of pork, 1258 pounds of ham and
bacon, 1510 pounds of lard, 392 packages of
i leather, 50,000 fish eggs, etc.
Singapore— looo barrels ;' of flour. To Pe- ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
nang— slo barrels of flour. To Samarang— slo
barrels of flour. To Batavia— 73 cases of
canned fruit. To Sandakan— loo pounds of
hams, 25 cases ot canned fruit ana 10t> gallons
of wine. To Korea— s barrels of flour, 300
pounds of sugar, etc.
Among the cargo was the following
shipment of treasure:
To Hongkong— Mexican dollars',"* $103,172 ;
gold coin, $835. .
To Shanghai— Mexican dollars, 8627,000;
silver Dars, $132,000. ■'■■'.
Chinese firms, 3172 •: Mexican dollars and
■335 gold coin; Anglo-Californian Bank,
100,000 Mexican dollars; Wells, Fargo & Co.,
$500 gold coin. „ . _
To Shanghai, option of Japan —Hongkong
and Shanghai Bank, 428,000 Mexican dollars;
i okohama Specie Bank, 199,000 Mexican dol
lars and 22,000 silver bars.
Adding the value of the ship to the
cargo the ligures mount up into the mil
lions, so it is no wonder the insurance men,
underwriters and merchants are scared
over- the vessel's protracted passage.
When spoken to about the Kio business
men all take a hopefui view of the case.
They point to the fact that the Ktrath
nevis of the Northern Paciiic line was over
a month overdue and that 75 per cent re
insurance was paid on her, but that finally
she was picked up and towed back into
port with a broken shaft. They ar^ue
from this that something has happened to
the Rio's machinery and that in the
course of time she will turn up all right.
The steamer Doric, which sailed for the
orient last Thursday, has instructions to
keep a sharp lookout for the missing
steamer and to go out of her way in order
to make a thorough search. In conse
quence the Doric herself may be a few
days late in reaching Yokohama.
The passengers on tne overdue steamer
are as follows:
Cabin— j. Fisher, Latnar Lyndon, Mrs.
Lamar Lyndon, W. T. Sylvester.
Steerage— A. Badiison, John Rosenfeld
Sr., J. Kosenfeld Jr., J. A. Biddle, A. V.
Garland, P. Oaillard.
In the Asiatic steerage were ten Japa
nese and twenty-two local Chinese.
The crew of the vessel consists of 109
persons, of whom 30 are whites and the
balance Chinese and Japanese. The white ,
attaches of the 9teamer are as follows:
Captain, W. J. Kussell; chief officer, J.
T. Robinson; chief engineer, J. H. Mat
thews; purser, O. K. Freeman; freight
clerk. Austin K. Tichenor; surgeon. S. M.
Terrill; second officer, J. C. Johnson;
third officer, L. C. Neweard; carpenter, J.
! Anderson; main deckwatch. William Bray;
, quartermasters, W. J. Palmer, D. C. White.
1". Smith; tirst assistant engineer, EL Me-
Mullin; second assistant engineer. J. E.
j Handley; third assistant engineer, Charles
I Smith; water-tenders, R. McCabe, J. S.
I Nordic and John Riley; oilers, C. C. Reid,
| John Cavanaugh, Thomas McFarren;
i steward, A. Burnll; steerage steward, S.
| Kidd; storekeeper, S. Hankin; stewardess,
I J. G. Dorman; butcher, George Lancae-
I shire; saloon watcn, Robert R. Kelley;
steerage watch, J. K. Spencer.
The Rio de Janeiro was built at Roach's
shipyards in Chester, Pa., in 1878. At that
time she was considered one of the finest
steamers in the American merchant ma
rine and was so classed. She is 2J75 tons
net burden, and can carry about 3750 tons
of cargo. She is 345 feet long, 38 feet G
inches broad and 19 feet 9 inches deep.
Captain Russell, her commander, is one of
| the most popular men in the employ of
j the Pacilic Mail, and was for years in com
mand of the San Jose on the Panama route.
Anxiety in Yokohama,
YOKOHAMA, Japan, March 7.— The
j American steamship City of Rio de Ja
i neiro, which sailed from San Francisco,
February 6, for this port and Hongkong,
has not yet arrived and considerable
anxiety is fel,t regarding her.
ASHWORTH REPLIES.
The Superintendent of Streets on Mayor
Sutro's Astonishing Assessment
Sewer Discoveries.
Superintendent of Streets Ashworth says
that Mayor Sutro's discovery of steep
charges for sewering Lake street in the
Richmond district, from Fourteenth to
Twentieth avenue, are not so much of a
discovery after all when the true facts of
the matter are taken into consideration.
In support of his position Mr. Ashworth
quotes the law and the figures for the work
as passed by the Supervisors, and, m con
clusion, says:
"This assessment was issued nearly six
years ago by a former administration and
was recently defeated in the Superior
Court, and a copy of the judgment filed in
this office requires that the Superintendent
of Streets issue a new assessment in accord
ance with a provision of section 9of the
street law.
"The expense of $21,797 35 was not borne
entirely by the propertj' fronting on the
work, but a districtassessmentwascreated
by the resolution of intention passed by
the Board of Supervisors. The property
fronting on. the btreets along which the
sewer was constructed is assessed about
$2 40 per front foot, and the property other
than the frontage assessed for the work is
taxed at the rate of (j cents per front foot,
thus an owner of a twenty-five-foot lot
fronting on the work is assessed for $59 88,
and an owner of a twenty-five- foot lot
within the assessment district is assessed
only $1 50."
Champagne Sec.
Of all champagne 3 Pomrnery Sec is most
in demand in London. It is the favorite
at all select gatherings, being preferred by
the refined and fastidious classes of Europe
rather than by the sporting fraternity.
Among recent prominent affairs, Pominery
Sec was served at the banquet in Atlanta
tendered to President Cleveland, at the
dinner in HamDurfr, given to the German
Emperor, and at the banquet in Bordeaux
tendered to the President of the French
Republic, and was a prominent feature at
the dinner tendered to Paderewski at the
Palace Hotel, being served exclusively on
that occasion. By real connoisseurs Pom
rnery Sec is considered the ideul chuin
pagne.
Clausnen Held for Mnrder.
The preliminary examination of Nicholas
Clausscn on the charge of murdering nis wife
on February 25 was concluded before Judge
Joachimsen yesterday. The Judge held him
to answer before the" Superior Court without
bonds.
HEW HONORS FOR
MRS. S. B. COOPER
The Sarah B. Cooper
Church at the Pan
handle.
STRONG ORGANIZATION.
Tribute From Members of the
Distinguished Lady's Bible
Class.
FOUNDERS OF THE CHURCH.
Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Tuttle Establish
a Thriving Work at Sunset
Valley.
A Congregational church at the Pan
handle has been named in honor of Mrs.
Sarah B. Cooper.
Mrs. Cooper's Bible class is one of the
fixed and prominent institutions of Con
gregationalism in this City. Its member
ship includes some of the most scholarly
persons in the community, some of whom
have been students of the Bible under
Mrs. Cooper's direction for many years.
Her winning personality, her scholarly at
tainments and her breadth of view in all
matters of spiritual as well as intellectual
concern have made the members of her
large class her personal friends. Of these
none are more ardent adherents than Mr.
and Mrs. R. A. Tuttle of 1G32 Grove street,
who are the founders of the thriving young
church at Sunset Valley which bears Mrs.
Cooper's name.
That name has figured prominently in
many reform and benevolent movements.
Its bearer is at the head of the successful
kindergaxten system of this City, which
has in training "iiO.OOO children. She is a
conspicuous figure in woman suffrage as
semblies and presided with dignity and
grace at the last Woman's Congress. She
has been rewarded for efficiency and faith
fulness in all lines of usefulness that have
engaged her attention by the high esteem
of San Francisco's citizens. Yet it is
doubtful whether any of the honors be
stowed upon her by religious or secular
bodies have been so gratifying to the re
cipient as the tribute paid by the church
at Sunset Valley.
'When Mr. and Mrs. Tuttle took up their
residence on Grove street they were sur
prised to find there was no church between
.Park Congregational, on Baker and Fell
streets, and the beach, a distance
of about four miles. Midway between
these points is Sunset Valley, a pictur
esque region commanding a view of the
Golden Gate, and dotted with homes, many
of which are the abode of relinement.
They selected this as the location of their
commendable enterprise, and there the
last Sabbath of the old year they opened a
Sunday-school. The school was held in
the rooms of the Improvement Club for a
few weeks, but the growing interest which
foon manifested itself iv doubled member
ship made it necessary to secure other
quarters. Mr. Tuttle therefore rented a
hall on Ninth avenue, near H street, and
furnished it for the use of the bcuocl, which
now numbers thirty students.
A month latrr a Young People's Society
of Christian Endeavor, which has since
enrolled thirty members, was formed, and
two weeks ago formal church services were
inaugurated, at which Sidney Yarrow, a
senior of the Pacific Theological Seminary,
officiates. The Sunday-school opens at
2:30 p. m, and church services at 7:30 p. m.,
the Christian Endeavor Society meeting
at the latter hour on Thursday. A ladies'
society has been organized, which meets
twice a month, and the Cheerful Workers,
an organization composed of ten young
girls, meets every Friday afternoon to
plan missionary work. Socials are held
once a month. In every branch of its use
fulness the infant religious enterprise is
receiving the heartiest encouragement.
When Mr. and Mrs. Tuttle organized
the Sunday-school they were aided by
Rev. Loyal West of the Sunday-school
publication department, but upon Mrs.
Tuttle as superintendent has devolved the
major part of the labor and responsibility
since that time. Rev. J. B. Orr, pastor of
Park Congregational Church, assisted in
organizing the Christian Endeavor Society.
Mrs. Cooper presented an organ to the
church.
Although a church in deed it is scarcely
so in name as yet. Steps are being taken
toward a formal organization, which will
take place about May 1. Plans looking
toward a building will then be con
sidered.
It is meet that this church, which is to
be known by the name of a woman, should
have as one" of its leading spirits a woman.
Mrs. R. A. Tuttle. who ia such, devotes
two-thirds of her time to the work.
A Contumacious Driver.
Alfred Jonasson, driver for the California
Brewing Company, was driving his dray along
Golden Gate avenue when Policeman Dugan
ordered him to stop. Jonasson pullea up, but
when Dugan told him to come down from bin
seat and go with him to the City Prison for
violating the boulevard ordinance he refused
to budge, and whipped up his horses. Dugan
held onto the horses' heads and gent for as
sistance to the Central police station. A large
crowd gathered to see the fun, and soon Jonas
son was dragged from hts seat and locked up
for violating the ordinance and obstructing
the street.
TOUR OF THE SOUTH.
Archbishop Riordan and Father Yorke
Will Leave for I.os Angeles
.Monday.
■ * ■"■■■■
Archbishop Riordan and Rev. P. C.
Yorke will leave for Los Angeles to
morrow. They will be absent from San
Francisco about two weeks and will visit
all the points of interest in the southern
part of the State. The Archbishop has not
been in good health of late and it is hoped
that a change of climate will benefit him.
There has been no especial programme
arranged for the Archbishop and Chancel
lor during the southern trip, but it is
known that Father Yorke will lecture in
Los Angeles on the evening of March 16.
His theme will be on the issues of the day ;
issues in regard to the relationship of
church and state. Father Yorke's fame as
a speaker and writer has already gone
over the State and he will doubtless be
accorded a big reception at Los Angele3.
In connection with the great contro
versy with Father Yorke on the one hand
and the Key. Donald M.Ross and the
Rev. Dr. Wendte and others on the other
the Chancellor announces that he will soon
issue a book on the subject.
"I will have the book published as
cheaply as possible," said Father Yorke
yesterday, "as I am anxious to have the
controversy generally circulated. I want
to have it placed in the hands of the pub
lic, as these old slanders against my church
have been squarely met and refuted. I
don't wish to make a cent out of the pub
lication, but will sell it at cost price."
Spring Opening.
You are cordially invited to attend onr
special exhibit of imported hats and bon
nets Wednesday and Thursday, March 11
and 12. No cards. Seavey's, 1332 Market
street. *
POTRERO FOLKS PROTEST
They Demand the Immediate
Removal of the Pest
house.
Decided Resolutions on the Subject
Passed by the Nuevo Improve
ment Club.
The citizens of the Potrero insist that
the Pesthouse must bo lemoved from their
neighborhood. To emphasize their de
mand the Nuevo Potiero Improvement
Club held a rousine meeting last evening
at their hall on Vermont street, near
Twenty-fourth. Large bonfires were lighted
in the vicinity of the hall and the result
was a large and enthusiastic attendance.
Chairman F. Coglan explained the ob
ject of the meeting and A. B. Maguire of
the South Side Clnb was called upon. He
said: "I have lived in this section of the
City for the last twenty-eight years and I
am interested in all that pertains to it. I
appreciate the fact that the only way to
get such a nuisance as the Pestbouse re
moved is to keep everlastingly at it." As
an evidence of the necessity of persist
ence he cited the efforts of the South Side
clubs to have an appropriation made for
the Folsom-street Doulevard.
Mr. Playwood of the Federation of Im
provement Clubs staled that he had been
connected with improvement clubs in thia
City for about seven years. "It seems to
me," he said, "that the members of this
ciuo are all representative citizens and
taxpayers and their wishes ought to be re
spected, if the Board of Supervisors
snubs you appoint a live committee
again."
"I do not see why the people of this
district should ue proscribed," said L. £.
Dwyer. "The Board of Supervisors have
been promising us that they would remove
it, and it seems to me it is time they were
doing it. I understand there is a pest
house in Chinatown in the rear of a
morgue. If that is the case it seems to me
the board should build a pesthouse for all
in some suitable locality. I think we have
1 been abused long enough. It is not
enough that Mr. So-and-so owns one
seventh of the property of the City and
County of San Francisco. "We are all citi
zens and taxpayers and the officials are
our servants. They should listen to our
earnest demands and grant our just ones.
If it comes to the test we will show the
people of San Franciaco that we are not to
be toyed with."
Rev. W. H. Tubb said the Board of Su
pervisors undoubtedly had the right to
remove that pesthouse, but the question
was, "How can you prevent the lepers
from getting out ?' ' he said, "and, as a mat
ter of fact, they gre not prevented from
getting out. Tney do not get out and run
about the neighborhood. These lepers are
human, and they should have humane
treatment. What kind of a place is that
where they are now located? It looks as
if it had been hero since before white men
first visited these shores. We should insist
on making a changp of the location of the
Pesthouse, but don': let them move it —
make them burn it • >\vn and plow up the
ground."
G. Sherrer expressed himself as very
much pleased with the prospect of having
the Pesthouse removed. He argued that
the main need of the City was a thor
oughly sanitary Pesthouse, such as the
large European cities had.
The executive committee of the club,
consisting of G. Guthrie, J. Barduhn, A.
Schumann, J. Kerrand H. Antonson, pre
sented the following resolution, which was
read by Secretary J. M. Smith:
To the Honorable Board of Supervisors of the
City and County of San Francisco— C, extlemen.:
n hekf.as, The residents and property-own
ers in close proximity to the present Pesthouse
represent that they are entitled to the fullest
consideration of their rights in trie protection
of their homes from the scourge of infectious
diseases that may exist by reason of the Pest
house being located in their midst; and
whereas, the Pesthouse in its present location
endangers the health and welfare, not only of
tbe residents of this section of the City, but
also the children on their way to and from
school.
Resolved, That the Board of Supervisors re
move from our midst the Pesthouse, which is a
constant menace to a thickly populated neigh
borhood and a detriment to a further improve
ment of the surrounding district.
The resolutions were carried unani
mously. Some discussion was indulged in
as to the propriety of suggesting a site for
a new pesthouse, but it was the final sense
of the club that this be left to the discre
tion of the board.
A communication was read from Super
visor J. K. C. Hohbs, wherein he expressed
regret for his inability to De present at the
meeting and declaring his sympathy and
co-operation with the desires of the Po
trero residents.
DOUBLE AIR DROP.
Essie and Kmil Will Together Make a
Senstitional Descent at the Chutes.
If the weather ia in any way favorable
this afternoon one of the most daring bal
loon ascensions ever given in this country
will take place at the chute grounds.
Essie Viola and Emil Markeberg will go
up attached to one big air bag, bat hang
ing to two separate parachutes, one below
the other.
The girl will be above and the man will
have to cut loose first. She will conse
quently be allowed to go up about 1000
feet higher than he, and the combined
double drop should prove most interesting.
Nevada Bank Forgers.
Captain Lees received a dispatch last night
from Detectives Whitaker aud Seymour that
they would leave St. Paul. Minn., to-night with
A. H. Dean and Joe McCiuskey, the Nevada
Bank forgers. It would seem, therefore, that
the habeas corpus proceedings instituted by
McCluskey htd been quashed.
ALONG THE WATER FRONT
Loss of the Danish Bark Lottie
in the Quicksands at
Altata.
WAS LOADED WITH DYEWOOD.
Charges Made by Sailors Against Cap
tain Goodwin and Mate Elwell
of the Dirigo.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Company's
Coos Bay which arrived from Mexican
ports yesterday, brings the news of the
loss of the Danish bark Lottie at Altata.
The vessel went on the quicksands and
in twenty-four hours had disappeared all
but her topmasts.
"The Lottie was bound from Altata for
Hamburg with a load of dyewood," said
Captain Jensen of the Coos Bay yesterday.
"When the tide served she was taken in
tow by the tug Altata and started over the
bar. Now to understand the situation you
must know that there are two channels
leading out from the harbor and between
the two is a dividing ridge of quicksand.
"The Altata and her tow got as far as
the bar all right, but when they were
crossing the towing line broke and the
Lottie went adrift. Captain Claussen of
the bark let go his anchors but they did
not hold and half an hour later the Lottie
was sinking into the quicksands. As soon
as the vessel began to settle the crew de
serted her and at midnight she was firmly
embedded and the next morning nothing
but her deckhouses were visible. The
crew made a raid and secured their be
longings and also the suit of sails that
was'stiil bent on the yards. By nightfall
the Lottie with her cargo of dyewood had
Bunk out of sight and not even her rigging
could be saved."
When the Coos Bay left Altata Captain
Claussen and his crew of fourteen men
were to leave for Guaymas, where they
would take passage for Germany via
Panama.
The Harbor Commissioners ar» still re
ceiving letters from country towns in re
gard to the free fruit depot on the front.
The Campbell Fruit-growers' Union of
Campbell, Santa Clara County, is the last
to send in a communication. It wants the
depot run under the supervision of the
Commissioners, or else to hare an in
spector 1 appointed to attend to the sales.
The secretary will send the usual answer
stating that the commission will give all
the necessary room just as soon as the
fruit-growers and merchants get together
and organize.
The first steel sailing-ship that has ever
entered the Golden Gate is not nnliKe her
sisters in the wooden line in regard to
"growlers." Seamen Thomas Moore and
George Sterling and Carpenter George
Nelson complain that Captain Goodwin
and Chief Otticer Elwell abused them dur
ing the voyage from New York to San
Francisco. They went before United
States Attorney Foote on Friday morning,
but were told to return on Saturday. They
failed to do so and of course no action was
taken in the matter. The men say the
mate kicked and ill used them and that
according to the captain's orders they were
only half fed. Captain Goodwin and Mate
Elwell laugh at the charges and say that
the men were too well fed and too well
treated.
About a dozen boys from Telegraph Hill
raided the British ship Ko by last Friday
night and secured considerable of her
cargo. Captain Oakley called all hands
when the watchman told him what was
going on, but it took the entire crew quite
a while to drive the gang away. The boys
showed fight, and it only the appear
ance of the police in the distance that
forced them to seek safety in flight.
Supply steamers for the canneries are
beginning to get away. The Alaska Com
mercial Company's Bertha and the Alaska
Packing Company's Afognak both sailed
for Alaska yesterday, so the salmon-pack
ing season may be said to have fairly
begun.
SANKEY AND WARDE ALIKE
Neither the Gospel Singer Nor
the Actor Fancies the New
Woman.
Sankey Is Preparing a Volume of
Stories About the Gospel
Hymns.
Ira D. Sankey is a joy forever to inter
viewefs, or he would be if he were not so
modest.
He has the kindliest brown eyes and the
pleasantcst smile, with a faint suggestion
of roguishness about it, in the world.
"Hurry up, there; don't wait to kiss
him," was the way he greeted a baby girl
at the reception in his honor Friday even
ing. The words may have startled the
owner of the rosy, upturned face. The
tone and the laughing glance that fol
lowed it were reassuring, and the little
coquette turned from the expectant face
on one side to the gray-whiskered one on
the other, and was tossed aloft by the
gospel singer, proud of his conquest.
Sankey wins adults, as easily as he does
; NEW TO-DAY. 1 '
theTowl
IMjk DRUG CO.,
f ITT P1TI?
, DRUGGISTS!
1128 MARKET ST.
BAKER'S Ar
TAR f lhn A POSITIVE
§2i& H M, ZpCi_ CURE -
THE OWL DRUG CO.
, San Francisco — Los Angeles.
; Pinkham's Vegetable Compound . .' . . . . . 75c
Paine's Celery, Compound .....: .60c
Joy's and Hood's Sarsaparilla .65c
THE OWLDRUG CO.
- . CUT-RATE DRUGGISTS.
Williams' Pink Pills. ; 35c
Castoria .'. .-. 25c
Syrup of Fig 5 .;..:........ ........ .;...'. 35c
Cuticura Resolvent :. . ;.."... . ... ...... .70c
Warner's Kidney Cure . . ...;.. 85c
Allcock's Porous P1a5ter5 ;.. ....:.... ... 10c
Carter's and Beecham's Pi 115.;;.......
Allen's Malt Whiskey. ;:;...;....:....^Bsc
Romany Oil .... ..... ... ... ... .... . . . . '. 20c
WRITE FOR PRICE-LIST.
THE OWL~DRUG CO.
children by the force of his combined
strength and gentleness of character.
He leaned back luxuriously in an easy
chair in (he Occidental parlors yesterday
and talked affably of everything, from San
Francisco to the" new woman, but depre
catingly of himself and his work.
"This is a delightful City," he said. "We
are charmed with it. I am much pleased
with the many improvements which have
been made since my last visit, fifteen
years ago. I am especially interested in
what has been done at the park and Cliff
House. The system of exchanges on the
streetcar lines is remarkable. I never saw
anything like it in other cities. 1 like thn
people of the State. It has surprised mo
to find out how many people from my
native State, Pennsylvania, are here."
Mr. Bankey explained that his party con-
Bisted of his wife, whose health he hoped
would be benefited by the trip, his brother,
R. W. Sankey, and wife, and Mr. and Mrs.
George C. Stebbins, the last-namfd couple
having come by his invitation. They left
Brooklyn in January for a three-months'
tour of > the West. Their chief purpose is
recreation and the meetings are merely in
cidental. They will sing at the Young Nten'a
Christian Association at 3 p. m. and 6 p. m.
to-day, and will hold a meeting at Berkeley
on Wednesday or Thursday.
Next Sunday they will spend at Santa
Cruz, wher« they will probably hold an
other meeting, and on the 22d inst. will be
heard at San Jose, and on the 29th at Oak
land. They will attend the State Sunday
school convention at Sacramento on April
1, 2 and 3, and leave the following day for
the East, stopping for a day or two at Salt
Lake City, Denver and other points, re
turning to their home on April 20.
Mr. Sankey is still associated with Mr.
Moody in his evangelical labors, having
completed some meetings in New Yorlc
shortly prior to his coming West.
"There is an impression that Mr. Moody
is coming to California," said Mr. Sankey.
"That is a mistake. He has no such plan
at present. The evangelist is well and
strong as ever. He is greatly interested in
his Northfield schools."
Mr. Sankey expressed himself as opti
mistic in regard to the religious outlook.
"I am a friend of the churches," said he.
"What could we do without them? I
fixed the hour of the meeting at 6 p. m., in
stead of 8, to-morrow because I did not
want the meeting to interfere with the
churches. Yet I recognize the fact that
supplementary work is needed. I am
glad to see the amount of individual and
organized effort being made in the high
ways and byways of the world. That is
right. In the church we find the official
Christ. Out in those byways is the real
Christ. Notable among these organiza
tions are the young people's societies.
Mr. Sankey regards "The Ninety and
Nine" as the most popular and efiectivt
of his hymns. He extemporized the mngic
after a sermon by Mr. Moody on "The
Great Shepherd" at a meeting in Edin
burgh, Scotland.
He is . preparing a volume of stories
about incidents connected with the com
position and rendering of the Gospel
hymns.
He does not regard the new woman with
favor, this famous man who has journeyed
from the Occident to the Orient and sung
for the benefit of every degree and condi
tion of humanity. "I fear she is too for
ward in some "things," he said simply,
"and that that forwardness will detract
from her womanliness."
A Reception to Blaternjt.
A reception will bo given to the great Wag
nerian singer, Mme. Alaterna, and Ilerr Franz
Ondricek, thp renowned Bohemian violinist,
on Wednesday evening next in the parlors of
the Palace Hotel. Mme. Mater na has a legion
of admirers in San Francisco, and there is
much curiosity to see and hear Ondricek.
NEW TO-DAY.
IfiFls
■
COLORED
DRESSGOODS
Additional Novelties!
We have now a most Elegant
and Extensive Assortment of
everything correct In Novelty
Textiles, direct from the Best
European Looms.
THE LATEST
Figured Mohairs,
Genuine Redferns,
Dresden Effects,
Genuine; Scotch Suitings,
Check Suitings, ;
Handsome Mohair Crepons,
Silk and Mohair Grepons,
\ Changeable Mohairs,
Diagonal Mohairs.
SEDABLA ESPANOL.
G. VERDIER & CO.,
SE. Cor. Geary and Grant Aye.
VILLE DE PARIS.
BRANCH HOUSE,
LOS ANGELES.
COAL! COAL !
Wellington ;.....;....;.... .f 10 00"
50nthf1e1d. ................... 950 • ....
Genuine Coos 8ay........... 7 00— Half ton. 3 50
BeatUe.... 8 00— Half ton *00 -
8ryant......:................. SOU— liaif lou : 4 00 ;
• Telephone— Black— 3s. . V. ' :
KNICKERBOCKER 1 COAL CO.,
62» Howard r Street, Near First* -
78
THAT BUYERS OF
MILK MAY READ
Alameda's New Scheme for
Obtaining a Pure
Supply.
A MONTHLY BULLETIN.
All About the Dairies and the
Milk to Be Told to the
Public.
DOCXERYS ACROSS THE BAY.
The Inspectors Adopt an Original Plan
That Is Troubling the
Milkmen.
The city of Alameda has taken an ad
yanced position in the fight for a pure
milt supply, and the regulations adopted
are regarded as the best and most thor
ough in the United States.
It is confidently asserted by the health
officers in the pretty little city across the
bay that there is not a diseased cow in all
the herds at the dairies from which the
milk supply is obtained, and also that the
milk sold in Alameda will average as high
in quality as the milk to be found in any
city of the world.
San Francisco methods of dealing with
the milk question are regarded by the
Alameda officials as crude and unscientific
and of very little practical value.
"They begin at the wrong end over
there," said Inspector Maillot of Aiameda
to a Call reporter yesterday. "Mr. Dock
ery is making a vigorous crusade, and is
very efficiently performing the duties laid
down for him, but, as he would undoubt
edly admit, he is not permitted tc go about
his work in the right way.
"To get a good milk supply, a city must
be sure that the dairies are good, that the
cows are healthy and that everything is
kept in the proper sanitary condition.
That is our plan in this city, and for two
years we have found it to work excel
lently. If everything about the dairy is
all right, and the milk is pure, the dilution
is a matter of secondary importance to ■
the consumers, provided that the water is j
pure. But, of course, we also look out for j
dilution or adulteration.
"San Francisco's plan is to inspect the
milk after it is brought to market ; ours is
to begin the inspection before the cows i
are milked and to keep it up until the
milk is delivered."
For two years Alameda has been carry
ing on its inspection of the dairies and
milk supply, but it has just adopted the
new plan of monthly publishing the re
sults of the inspection. In accordance
with this plan a big blackboard bulletin
has been placed in the Board of Health
rooms at the new City Hall, and on tnat
is printed the name of each dairy, the san
itary conditions and tne quality of the
milk. Every citizen can learn whether
the dairy that he patronizes is kept in
good sanitary condition, and he can learn
all about the milk that he buys.
The first bulletin is now before the pub
lic, and, while it shows a high average in
the milk, it is anticipated tnat plain busi
ness rivalry will have the effect of improv
ing the record for the next month. The
bulletin is as follows, the required stand
ard of the milk being 3.6 per cent of butter
fat and 6.4 of cream:
Name or Pa thy.
General
Sanitary
Condition.
Foodstuffs Used.
Bntter
Fat.
Per cent
Cream.
.-.-
Alameda. i
Anderson's. _ |
Datum's I
Durham..
'Hood iHay, bran, middlings
Fair ;Hay, bran, middlings
'Fair ! Hay, bran, midrtlinKS
■ Fair 'Hay. bran, middlings, oornmeal, malt
sprouts
i Fair Grass, hay. bran, middlings, oilcake
I Fair Grass, bran, middlings.
i.uii-i ! Grass, hay, bran, middlings, oilcake,
malt sprou ts
iFair } Grass, hay, bran, middlings
k;ood Gra-s, hay, bran, middlings
'Fair C'ornmepi, bay, bran, middlings
jGood i Hay, bran, middlings, oilcake
lair Hay. bran, middlings, oilcake
Fmr Hay, bran, middlings, oilcake
Fair Hey. bran, middlings, otlcake, cornmeal
iFair |Hay, bran, middlings
Fair I Hay, bran, middlings
IFair Hny. bran, mid<llinsc.«;. oilcake
i Fair jliay, bran, middlings, grass, malt sprouts
jFair |Urass, ha*, bran
iFair 'Hay, bra., middlings, barloy
iFair Hay, bran, middlings, barley
3.9
4.3
4.5
8.0
10.0
lao
Encina! i
>rothingham's j
Fruitvale Jersey
i
4.4
4.3
4.4
10.5
10.5
Gessler's i
Hainan Bros' I
Highland Park
Home :
Jlo;siein-Jers<'y
Jersey Bottif Milk Company. .
Jersey creamery
Jersey Milk C. and B. Co i
Laundry Farm
Newth's.... I
Old Alameda i
S-.i nset j
sykes A McDonald Creamery. I
Vossler'g |
4.2
4.1
3.9
4.«
4.3
4.6
10.0
8.5
8.0
10.5
10.0
12.5
4.0
4.3
4.2
4.2
4.3
3.8
4.0
3.5
9.5
11.0
12.0
10.0
10.5
10.5
"li.b"
Two dairies were marked as in poor
sanitary condition, but that was on ac
count of overrlooding by the heavy rains
in February, and the improper drainage
system has since been remedied. The milk
sold by these dairies was pure and of a
higher grade than that obtained from
many of the other dairies.
This new system is expected to make
the milk-dealers more careful and alert
than anything else possibly could. The
monthly reports will be watched for by
the consumers, and naturally the dealers
who make a poor showing will lose patron-
age.
The health officers believe that their
scheme will become ceneral, and that the
pure milk problem will be solved by it in a
way that is founded on scientific principles,
while practically operating in a business
way.
As there is always apt to be variations
in the grades of milk obtained from large
dairies, dealers whose rank is hich this
month may not appear so well on the next
bulletin, and dairies that have now an un
favorable showing may rank better, but
the bulletins will be important in show
ing the condition of the milk that any
consumer obtains, and the average for
several months or a year will be regarded
as an accurate indication of the quality of
the milk supplied.
"The inspections are made by Veterinary
Burgeon Carpenter," said Sanitary In
spector Maillot, -'and 1 assist in the work
when the other duties of my office perrnic.
Kvery herd is gone over at least once a
month, and each cow is carefully ex
amined. If there is any indication of
tuberculosis or other disease the affected
cow is taken out of the herd, and if it has
tuberculosis it is killed.
"Every dairy is visited from one to
three times a month and a careful study
Df the sanitary conditions is made. The
nature and quality of the food given to
the cows is watched and special attention
Is given to the water supply.
"The milk that we examine is taken
from the delivery wagons at any time or
place, and the milkmen never know when
&ot to expect us. We visit the dairies ahd
•top the wagons just whenever the dealers
nay not be on their guard. We give thor
»uj:h tests of the milk-laboratory tests,
rhich Mr. Dockery oannot do in his street
tests, and we use only the best scientific
apparatus.
"We are determined to have the best
milk supply in the world, and in iustice to
the dealers I will «ay that the supply is
now about as good as can be found in any
city. In almost every instance the test
shows the milk to be away above the re
quired standard. When the people know
about these bulletins, and consult them
every month, no dealer can afford to have
his dairy recorded as in poor sanitary con
dition. No.dealer will then add water to
his milk if he knows that his percentage
of butter fats and cream will be thereby
made lower than that shown in the rec-
ords of rivals. It is all brought down to a
plain business proposition, and there is no
way of avoiding the results by combina
tion.
"The dealers are very willing to adopt
the suggestions made by this department
for the improvement of their dairies, and
the showing for next month will undoubt
edly be a gratifying one as the result of
the first bulletin."
At the Friday evening meeting of the
Alameda Board of Health Veterinary In
spector Carpenter made a report of his
work. He called attention to the fact that
there can be no prosecution for selling un
labeled skimmed milk. The only proceed
ing permissible is under the general penal
provision against adulterated milk. An
other great obstacle against which he has
to contend is the ordinance which requires
the detection of the milkman in the actual
delivery of adulterated milk. He wants
to have the Jpw amended so that dealers
may be punished for having adulterated
milk in their possession.
In speaking of the management of
dairies he showed that it is not so much
the art of feeding as the art of knowing the
quantity and variety of feed to be given to
cows, which is the successful factor in
bringing up the percentage of butter and
cream fats.
Another measure adopted by the
Alameda Board of Health is a requirement
that dealers in meat, groceries or produce
display no food materials outside of their
stores within two feet of the sidewalk.
THEY TALKED AND SMOKED
Rousing Mass-Meeting and Social
of Carpenters and
Painters.
Hearty Indorsement of the Movement
of Workingmen to Enter the
Political Campaign.
Never since the building trades of this
City have been organized has there been
such an enthusiastic gathering as there
was last evening at the mass-meeting
and "smoker" held in the Temple, at
117 Turk street. The affair was given by
the carpenters and painters, under the
auspices of the District Council of Carpen
ters and Joiners. Tne large hall was
crowded to the doors, the speakers' ad
dresses were delivered with a snap that
pleased the audience, and in the intervals
instrumental music was rendered.
Then cigars were passed. On the whole
every one had s pleasant time and
promised himself to go again, as the
chairman, J. E. McVicker, said that similar
meetings would be held every month.
The first speaker was C. F. Schadt, the
carpenters' business agent. He explained
the object of the mass-meeting, saying
that it was for the purpose of bringing the
various branches of the building trades
together in a social manner.
It was the desire, *c said, for all branches
to become better acquainted than they be
come in their daily work. More than that,
it was the desire to induce all non-union
men in these trades to meet with those
who belong to the unions, and no better
opportunity could oe had than at social
"smokers."
P. Ross Martin delivered an interesting
speech in which he reviewed th€' labor
union movement from its incipiency to
the present time. He said that the labor j
leaders used to wonder why tne interests
of capitalists and laborers are so diverse
and yet so identical.
These questions led them to look far be
yond their trades into questions of polit
ical economy. As a result there had been
a tendency in a direction that would
prove the grandest movement of the age.
The first signs have already been manifest
in the recent labor convention and the
adoption of a platform of principles. The
speaker said that the labor problem will
never be solved by the trades labor union
alone. The workingraen must go further
and probe deeper into matters of political
economy and stand closer together in their
trades union relations.
The speaker made a strong appeal to all
non-union men to join the trade to which
they belong, and all who declined to do
so, he said, were cowards, because they re
ceived the benefits of the fights mado by
other and braver men.
R. T. Mclvor of the Painters' and Deco
rators' Union, who -jras introduced as the
walking delegate of that union, said that
if every union man should do his duty
there would be no use of a walking dele
gate. Speaking of the "ymoker," he said
that Indians usually smoke the pipe of
peace, but at this time the painters are
smoking the pipe of war. The painters,
he said, were going on a strike on Monday.
P. H. McCartney, president of the Car
penters' and Joiners' Union No. 22 spoke
upon the subject of permanent organiza
tion. "One of the greatest obstacles in the
way of progress," hesaid, "is that there are
so many side issues to the union movement,
and the laboring men are too sensitive to
what is considered public opinion. An
other of the troubles is that the working
men Co not have a correct idea of what is
public opinion. Too often they listen to
the voice of those in the employ of
capitalists, and regard what they s«ay to
be public opinionT Workingmen shoulu
create public opinion themselves and
stand by what they think to be right."
G. H. Benham, a member of the Typo
graphical Union, spoke of the introduction
of type - setting machines and said it
would be only a short time before hun
dreds of printers would be endeavoring to
get into the building and painters' trades.
T. E. Lant oT Carpenters' and Joiners'
Union No. 22 suggested that unions
would be held together stronger by form
ing an emergency fund for those who were
out of work in consequence of the stand
they had taken for principles. He said
that of the 1500 union carpenters 1000 were
employed.
Pictet, the great Swiss chemist, has
found that a combination of sulphurous
acid gases possesses remarkable power as a
disinfectant.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
DID DR. BROWN
PAY MRS, TUNNELL?
A Dayton (Wash.) Man Said
to Have Acted as
Messenger.
TELLS A PLAIN STORY.
The Pastor Is Silent, but Miss
Overman Makes a Flat
Contradiction.
FORECAST OF THE VEEDICT.
Six of the Council Known to Favor the
Accused Man — New Volunteers
Discovered.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., March 7.—Con
stable W. H. Patton in this city has been
carrying a secret in the Dr. Brown scandal
since January that might have materially
affected the investigation by the Congre
gational Church Council in San Francisco
had he told it that time. Constable Patton
knew the whereabouts of Mrs. Tunnell at
that time, bnt to save his brother annoy
ance kept the information to himself.
His brother, M. H. Patton. was in Santa
Cruz in the latter part of January visiting
and told the story of meeting and aiding
Mrs. T^nnell at Tulare, which Constable
Patton tells as follows:
"My brother Baid that while he and his
wife were visiting his wife's mother, Mrs.
Fowler, at Tulare, a woman came there
ana securod board and lodging. She
acknowledged that she was Mrs. Tunnell,
and was keeping away from San Fran
cisco to avoid being a witness in the Brown
investigation. A reporter for a San Fran
cisco paper at Visalia learned of her being
there, and Mrs. Tunnell Jeft the residence
of the Fowlers and went to a neighbor's.
My brother met the reporter and arranged
for an interview with her, for which 6he
received compensation. Mrs! Tunnell
went to Porterville, and my memory is
that she had the interview with the re
porter in an empty house, where n« one
would suspect there'was anything of the
kind going on.
"Then my brother went to San jTran
cisco with a message to Dr. Brown from
Mrs. Tunnell, in which she asked for
money to pay her way to Los Angeles.
Dr. Brown suspected him of being a detec
tive, and at first declined to be inter
viewed. But being assured that he came
on a friendly mission from Mrs. Tunnell
the doctor received him and paid him $20
to be given to Mrs. Tunnell. Dr. Brown
also paid my brother's expenses incurred
in behalf of Mrs. Tunnell. She received
the money and left Tulare for Los An
geles. It has been rumored that my
brother said he knew Dr. Brown was
i guilty, but he did not say that to me. He
[ is a conductor on tne Oregon Railway and
: Navigation Company's line running be
! tween Dayton and Pendleton, Wash. His
home is at Dayton. He had no interest in
! the Brown affair, but merely out of sym
pathy for Mrs. Tunnell acted for her at
her request."
Next Tuesday will mark the beginning
of the fourth week of the trial of Dr.
Charles Oliver Brown on three distinct
charges — intimidation, unministerial con
duct and immorality.
The council has devoted exactly twelve
days to disentangling the different ends of
tbis more than mysterious case, and seem
now to have reached a stage in their inves
tigations where an opinion is possible,
without prejudice to the testimony which
may come in by way of rebuttal.
Some few ot Dr. Brown's judges have
not hesitated to show by word and action
tnat Miss Overman's explanation of the in
criminatine letters was eminently satis
factory to them. They believe in her im
plicitly, and this has been materially
strengthened by the accused pastor's ear
nest and at times passionate recital of the
facts as he claims to know them.
Dr. Pond has on more than one occasion
given a public demonstration of an abid
ing faith in Dr. Brown's innocence so far
as immorality is concerned. Dr. Hoyt en
tertains similar views, and the Rev. Mr.
Sink is said to lean in the same direction.
Delegates McKee, Ruthraft and Barker
will require a great deal stronger evidence
than that already introduced, to convince
them that the accusations of Mrs. David
son and Mrs. Stockton are true in detail
and in fact.
Or. Williams and Rev. William Rader
may be classed as on the fence. They ad
mit no opinion as yet, but are content to
wait until the case for the prosecution and
defense is finally announced at closed.
The members of the council who have
been apparently most diligent in inquiry,
far-reaching in their questions and more
caustic, though at all times just in the
treatment of witnesses, are Delegates
Williams, Dodge, Rev. Mr. Scudder, Mod
erator McLean, Dr. Mooar and Dr. Ten-
ney.
From a minister who is in close touch
with the council, though not a member of
that body, comes the information that the
six Jast-nained judges place little faith in
the case as so far made out by the defense.
This does not mean that they have reached
a final opinion, but that it will require !
more than negative testimony to swing
them into a belief similar to that enter
tained by Dr. Pond and others.
They argue that Dr. Brown is in a posi
tion to secure a verdict which cannot be
questioned even by his enemies. The one
and only way, however, to bring this con
dition about is to secure the presence of
Mrs. Tunnell for the council. It is con
tended that, admitting Miss Overman's
story to be true in detail, the fact is
that Mrs. Tunnell's name has been men
tioned so often and prominently in the
case as to make a denial from her essen
tial to Dr. Brown's acquittal.
The fact that the pastor has admitted
contributing certain sums of money to the
support of Mrs. Tunnell since that lady
left for parts unknown is counted much
against him. Dr. Brown's enemies can
see no occasion for contributions on his
part to that lady's support unless he has
an interest in .having her remain away.
When the reverend gentleman resumes
the witness-stand next Tuesday he will,
in all probability, be put through a much
severer cross-examination than that en
countered by his alleged partner in crime.
The council as a wliole is not satisfied
with the way Mr. Woodhams has con
ducted the case.
While there was no outspoken protest
against this gemleman concerning the man
ner of cross-examining minor witnesses,
it was tacitly agreed that Miss Overman
should bo made to explain all matters not
covered in her general statement. To
cover this point beyond the possibility of
a doubt Dr. Tenney was selected as the
mouthpiece for the" council, and there is
no denying the fact that, for the once at
least, he made a most excellent inter
locutor. 4
The council, or rather that portion of
which Moderator McLean is generally sup
posed to be the head, will insist that Dr.
Brown also make clear to them many
things now under a shadow. Mr. Parkin
son, the member who has been sick during
the last week, is sufficiently recovered to
insure his presence at the next session of
the council.
To him will be intrusted the not easy
task of cross-examining Pastor Brown.
When the doctor is placed on the stand
he will be asked to account for certain ap
parent discrepancies existing in the pro
duction of letters written to Miss Over
man, and that lady's statement concern
ing the same. It will be recalled that
Miss Overman in explaining why "he had
no letters from Mrs. Tunnell declared that
prior to leaving Tacoma she destroyed a
portion of her correspondence. When the
scandal first came to the light of day
through Mrs. Davidson's arrest, Miss
Overman says she became alarmed and
without thinking that letters might be
come useful destroyed all those remaining
in her possession.
When Dr. Brown was oil the stand he
placed in evidence throe letters written to
his young friend while the latter was in
the north. These letters bore the date of
December 31, 1894; February 16 and Aug
ust 2, 1895. It will be noted that a period
of nearly six months elapsed between the
second and third letter submitted to tne
council by Pa3tor Brown.
Mrs. Davidson was released under $3000
bonds by Judge Bahrs yesterday. The
sureties are H. L. Livingston arid J. W.
Smith. Both have property unincum
bered or at least sutfiientlyso to make
them acceptable for such an amount.
Mrs. Davidson went immediately to her
former residence, 225 Geary street, where
she will remain for the present. She de
clares with much emphasis that Dr.
Brown's testimony, like that of Miss Over
man's, is founded on a tissue of falsehoods,
which sixty days' time has enabled them
to concoct.
Dr. Brown and Miss Overman have
practically recovered from the illnsss
brought on by their constant attendance
at the trial and the excitement incident
thereto. The pastor declines to discuss
the case in any way at present. He is
confident, however, ttiat the verdict will
be in his favor. He would give no reason
for this assurance except the abiding faith
he has that Miss Overman's story will oe
accepted as true and that his own will be
taken as a supplementary contiruiation of
the same.
Dr. Brown was called up by telephone
last night for the purpose of asking him
regarding the dispatch from Santa Cruz.
Miss Overman answered the call, however,
and when asked if it was true that Dr.
Brown had sent money to Mrs. Tunnell
through H. H. Patton of Dayton, Wash.,
replied at first that she did not know.
Later, however, she said all the money
given to Mrs. Tunnell had been sent
through her, and it only amounted to $15,
as stated in the council.
Mr. Patton is the gentleman who brought
the first message from Mrs. Tunnell to
Dr. Brov:n and Miss Overman, requesting
that the latter forwaid her effects to her.
It is then, according to the Santa Cruz
dispatch, that he told Dr. Brown of Mrs.
Tunneil's destitute conJition and of her
demand for assistance.
Mr. Patton married a daughter of Mrs.
Fowler, the lady with whom Mrs. Tunnell
was stopping when located by Thi. Call
correspondent on the night of January 9.
He was in the house at the time of the in
terview, but was not in the room when it
took place. The next day, however, he
was present when Mr 3. Tnnnetl handed
The Call correspondent a letter giving
wh at purported to be a full and complete
statement, of her knowledge of the case.
AN ATTORNEY IN TROUBLE.
A Warrant Issued for the Arrest of A.
S. Newbnrg for Burglary*
Frank Johnson, a racing man, swore out,
a warrant in Judge Low's court yesterday
for the arrest of Attorney A. S. Newburg
on the charge of burglary. Newburg was
arrested. He was released on $2000 bondni.
Johnson in September la^ leased from
J. T. Davis, the horseman, the three racing
horses, Peixotto, Coritnte And Mary Jones,
the contract being that Johnson should
pay all expenses and Davis to net one
third of the winnings.
Davis became dissatisfied with the ar
rangement and on Friday, through his at
torney. Newburg, took out a writ of attach
ment for the horses, of which Johnson
claims he was not notified.
Friday evening Newburg and two other
men went to the Bay District track and
broke into the stabie of K. W. Roberts,
where the three horses were kept, and took
the animals and the blankets that covered
them away.
Johnson has also instituted civil pro
ceedings for the recovery of the horses.
Newbury surrendered himself at the
Central police station last night and was
booked at the City Prison. He was imme
diately released on bonds.
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pitty-flrst Day of the Winter Meeting of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, Saturday, March 7,
■ 1896. Weather Fine. Track Good.
OA7 FIRBT KACE— Four furlong 3; two-year-olds;
Index. Horse and weight.
791 Dura 105
764 St. Duusian .'.... 103
........ Geo. Palmer .105
........ Straggler. ....... 108
769 Scarborough 103
778 Lady Hurst 100
(618) H0ward5.. ...... .113
641 Gorgon 103
778 Vikitm 108
Pink 5mith. ...... 10«
........ Duro .' ; . . 105
y a
........j
31
1 h
2 3
5 1
61
96
4 1
73
8 5
10 6
11
3 2
2 3
1 h
4b
74
5 2
9
10
11
1 1/8 ! T. S!oan
2 3 Chevalier
3 5 Pigcott
4 5 jPryce
6 4 )'•■ -.<\i' -liainp
6 V 2 ICochran
7 2 'J. Cborn
8 2 IK. Jones
9 10 'Snider
10 20 jMerryfJeld
11 { Coady
7
4
3
8
7
20
8-5 •.
*
30
100
8
8
3
6
16
. 8
50
3-a
#
50
250
60
I
V
|. ■.:..■.::
i......... i
Startlnc-Rate used. Won c
:50. »CouplPtl with Straggler.
f.. ly
OAO SECOND KA
; purse $400.
Horse, age, weight.
Fin.
(800) Shield Bea;er 4. .104
801 Bervlce, a ...'.: 108 \?i
776 LevenaC, «..•;:. 102 ;
789 Gallant, 4 104
770 Robin Hood 11, 6.107
769 Sleenlnjj Child, 4..101
(752) Repeater, 4.V.....101-
-797 Nephew, 6. ........107
728 Duke Stevens, 6..111
i
A
6
•2
8
4
9
7
5
:
1........
11
5 Va
cv 3
>s
2b
8 6
3h
71
12
21
7 8 3^
9
a h
6 2
4%
84
12
2 -2.
8
42
9
6
7
8 b
8
13
2 4
3h
4 10
51
61
7-J4
8 -0
9 .
E. Jones
Choru ..
Gurner
Coady
Chevalier
Mccialn
Hewitt
Meekiu ...'.
Bozeman
I v ■ .
5 8
3 14-5
3 11-2
8-5 6-5
30 100
20 40
20 80
8 8
39 200
|. .-...:.;
le used. Won easily.
by imp. Wagner-:
Time. J :
809. THIRDRAI
upward; handicap; purse $1000.
Index.
Horse, age, weight.
St.
V*
797 F.d Kearney, 6....:
(797) Sir Vassur, 3
(799) Mobalftsea, 8
(787> Ike L, 4
701 IThorr.bill, 5 1
766 Bed Glenn, 5 i
756 iMollle R, 4
805 Mack Rirhplieu, a.
799 i Wyoming. 3
I i
j 6
| I
'! 8
! 2
i| 4
4 li
1 3
6h
31
9
7h
81
84
2 Va
2h v '
9
6h
I*
2 1
2 V a
13
»V,
6 3
8
6 55
I*
44
12
33
I*
6
7
9
4 2
ih !
2 1
3 3
41
5 10
61
7 Ml
8 ill
P
T. Sloan
E. Jones
Garner
Hewitt
Donnelly
Coady
jFrawley
C. Slaughter..
8-5
6-2
H
20
5-2
•
20
10
:6,
7-2
3
40
4
100
110
10
! Chevalier
start ing-gate n^ed. Won driving. Winner, George E. Smith's eh. h., by Tom Ochlltree-Medusa.
Time, I :4Hy a . * Coupled with ThornhlU-
Ql A FOURTH RACE
Ui.v« lowancea; purse
over four hurdles; four-year-olds and up : al-
-7H7
798
(708)
760
7»8
684
ißurmab, 4 L
jArundel. 5 1:
;My Luck, a. 1
Nellie 0., a l:
Alexis. 5 1
Esp* ranee, 5 1
1 Hello, 4 1
Horse, age, weight.
1
•J
3
6
6
4
7
Std. Xv*-.!
In 1 2
21 2 2
3% 3y a
6 iO 4 I
61 Sb
•$%;• 6IS
7 7
-■» i
13
24 ;
6 3 \
3 1 I
4 2 i
6 10
.7-
-»/4
1 4
j 2 10
6 2,-;
I 32
i 6 10
Btr.
1 5
2 10
32
42
5 8
610
7
Fin.
1 3
28
3 2
4 1
6tf
■ 7 - i
J. Mara............
Cuddy........
| J. 0wen5...........
T. Murphy
I Ambr05e...;.:....:
Ga1ind0. .....;.....'
Swift.'..... ........
iletunc.
Op. Cl.
"4-5
10
11-5
6
200
; 150
60
Startlnc-Rate used.
Time, 2:OOVa-
Won easily. Winner, W. OB. Macdonough's b. g. by Bersau-Fatr Lady.
811. FUTH
Hor?*,age, weight.
V*
V*
% ■
Str.
Jockeys.
786
7P7
786
785 i
(796)
798
212
714
801
770
Chartreuse 11, 6...H
Collins, 4 H
Two rheors, 6 li
Treachery, 8 li
Schnitz, 4 li
Lizzie H, 3 :
Pnlomacita. 3 1
1,8...!
•8
6
1
6
10
9
4
3
7
2
6h
vt
71
94
2h
4h
- 8 h
10
7 1
2b
In
»h
94
6 1
4n*
81
10
w
2h
9 •
62 •
6 1 ,
?s*
10 -.-•.;•:
m
6 3
3 2
vt
4n
8 10
9
10
11
2 2
8 4
4 2
6 6*
72
8 I
9 'JO
10
i *>enran .
R. isom :
5hie1d5..........!
Chevalier. :.....
!f* i t^t _ .. _ v. *>. — - '
C. Slaughter
4 5
6
20 %
• 4 : :.
10
20
30
20
.6 •:■'■;
10
7-5
■ --' 4
25
8
12
100
25
20
 '.:4
30
H. Martin..:....
Mactltn
E. J0ne5..... "...
Garner ..........
D0nne11y........
cb. c, by imp. True
Time,
QIO SIXTH RACE— One mile; three-year-olds and upward;
Horse, age, weight.
St. V 4
.•-• 2V4
2 i a
1 3 3
5 5
#4 4 10
%
Sir. Fin.
"Hi 1%
2(5 2 10
hZVai ;31'i
-4 1U 4 20
5 .• • ■"•6-? -;
Jocitejs.
Bettlnc.
Op. Cl.
703 , Yankee Doodle,. 3 I
(760) Reiiicoso, 4 1
798 jForemost,* !
790 Kamsin, s «
707 | Arctic. 6. . 11
21
12
31
6
4 10
2 4
12
46*
6
j0nnenv........
'. 510 an.........
i.150m. ........
a- 2
7-10 4-6
80 70
2 4
100 1000
ochran
i. Martin
used.
b. c, by
Time,
■
IT'S THE SAME OLD TUNE
How Yankee Doodle Managed
# to Beat the Favorite,
Bellicose
LARGE CROWD AT INGLESIDE.
Ed Kearney Took the Special Handi
cap — Rey Del Bandidos Beat
Sam Leake.
If Bellicoso, the record-breaking son of
the dead Peel, could have talked at the
conclusion of the last race at Ingleside
yesterday, a mile dash, for which he ruied
a4to 5 favorite in the betting, one jockey
at least would, in all probability, have
leisure time in the future for soliloquizing.
He was ridden by Tod Sloane, the fashion
plate rider of the turf. When the odds
were posted 4 to 5 was chalked against
Naglee Burkes horse, and it was nailed
there. A carload of treasure from the
famed Vinctor mine of Cripple Creek
could not have rubbed those odds. The
members of the bookmaking fraternity
that did not understand why the price
should remain firm at that quotation
watched those who did, and they, too,
basked in the shower of golden shekels
that was showered upon them by the inno
cents.
There appeared to be but one contend
ing horse in the race, and that was Yankee
Doodle. He carried 99 pounds against 113
on theiavorite, who but recently created a
new coast record at seven furlongs with
120 pounds in the saddle. Very soon the
money ihat talks, but on'y in a whisper,
bepan pouring into the ring on the Doodle
horse, with the difference that his price
was rubbed. It is a tale that is now moss
covered in turf history. The favorite went
out romping in front until that fatal bend
for the wire was reached, when Yankee
Doodle began closing on him, or rather he
closed on the second cnoice.
Bellicoso went wild, and whether or not
Tod sought to place him with a silken
thread touch, Yankee Doodle passed him.
Raising his head and perceiving the sec
ond choice in front of him, Jockey Sloane
made the most frantic endeavors to re
cover; the ground lost,- but all without
avail— Yankee Doodle won by three parts
of a length. It was neaving dusk, the
poet's hour for reverie; possibly the offi
cials in the stand were thinking of a nice
warm dinner and a cold bottle, or possibly
their thoughts wandered bac_: to a charm
ing home and; a cosy fireside in the land
the other side of the snow crowned Sierras.
It was a splendid effort, well appreciated
by the watchful.
No fault could be found with the balance
of the racing. '.'. The weather was delight
ful and a big crowd was in attendance.
The track had dried up so rapidly that it
was found necessary to run a sprinkling
cart over the course previous to the open
ing event.
So brisk has speculation been at the new
course that twenty-one bookmakers were
seen on the block at yesterday's cut-in.
The favorites scored but twice, and the
layers of odds undoubtedly had the best
end of the argument.
The two-year olds were the first to
answer . the* bugle call. Eleven started,
with Howard S ruling a7to 5 choice. The
youngster had evidently not recovered
from his recent illness, for he ran un
placed. Dura, a 10 to 1 chance, took the
lead in the stretch and won quite handily
half a length before St. Dunstan, the sec
ond choice. ■■•'.:
The talent went down heavily over the j
defeat of Gallant, the heavily backed 6 to 5 i
favorite in the race following, a six-furlong
spin. Bhieldbearer, alO to 1 shot, practi- j
cally unbacked, jumped out in the lead !
when the barrier was raised, and, never i
headed, won by two lengths from Service. i
Levena C, away poorly, was a fair third, j
The favorite was badly messed about. I
Coady, who rode him, managed to get cut
off a coupie of times before" reaching the
stretch and cut but a small figure at the
finish.,
For the $1000 special handicap, over a
mile, Mobalasca was made a 2 to 1 favorite, |
but finished third. Ed Kearney, who vied
with Sir Vassar in the betting for second
choice honor?, headed the latter horse the
last furlone and won handily by a short
head. The favorite finished in the show.
The two-mile handicap hurdle event was
devlared off, and was replaced by a mile
and a sixteenth selline affair over four
hurdles. Burmah was a hot 9to 10 favor
ite and won as be pleased, with Arundel
finishing in the place. Nellie G was played
down from 12 to 6 but proved a disappoint
ment.
The fifth race, at seven furlongs, fur
nished one of the prettiest contests of the
day. May Day only was scratched, leaving
ten to face the issue. Rev del Bandidos
opened at even money in the books, but
later reeded to 7 to 5 from the force of a
etrong play on Sam Leake, who was backed
from sixes down to fours. The latter horse
took the lead from the outsider Tar and
Tartar turning down the backstretch, and
led into the stretch with a commanding
lead. Challenged by the favorite some- I
thing over a furlong from home, he was
not quite equal to the occasion and was
beaten a length. Tar and Tartar ran an
excellent race, finishing a close third.
Traok and Paddock Items.
Geo. Palmer, a youngster from the sta
ble of A. B. SDreckels, created a very fav
orable impression his first time out.
Frank Phillips, the owner of Shield
bearer, let his horse run unbacked, think
ing Gallant had a cinch on the race.
Palomacita, the sister to Arraitage, a
starter in the fifth race, was cut down.
In to-day's issue of The Call are engrav
ings of some of the prominent racers now
performing on the California turf from the
pen of the noted animal painter, Henry
Stull. The centerpiece represents the great
finish to the mile dash run at Ingleside
January 11, when Ferrier, Pepper and Ed
Kearney finished heads on the wire, the
former horse, ridden by George Miller,
gaining the decision.
Statuesque and stately imp. Star Ruby,
the conqueror of Gilead in the great four
mile contest, is easily distinguishable by
I his proud bearing. Bellieoso, holder of the
| coast record of 1:26 for seven furlongs, and
"Joe" Harvey's crack mare Wheel of For
tune will be easily recognized by ail race
goers that have seen these speedy per
formers co to the post. Gallant, who has
reached the wire first on different occa
sions in front of such cracks as Lissak
and Libertine, is a grand-looking animal
with a particular fondness for mud. He
sports the colors of A. B. Spreckels, presi-
I dent of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club.
A glance at Logan will recall pleasant
memories of the old "iron" horse and his
many victories, while Louis EzeJl's Kam
sin stands out as a worthy rej resentative
of game Blazes. The gelding's run in yes
terday'n mile race, won.by Yankee Doodle,
when he was almost left at the poet, but
started after the field, closing up a
block of ground and only being beaten for
third place in a drive, will long lincer in
the minds of racegoers. The steeplechase
division is represented by Burmah and
John Brenock's grand ••lepper," St. Bran
don. The latter won the rich California
stakes, two miles over eight hurdles, run
at Ingleside track on February 15, carry
ing the crushing impost of 165 pounds.
MILLIONS FOR DEFENSE
But the San Miguel Rancho Club
Will Not Buy a Quit
claim Deed.
Membership Increases Rapidly, and
the Fight Against the Noes
Grows Bitter.
The Mission Defense Union, which is
fighting the Noe suit on the San Miguel
Rancho titles, met last night at Guerrero
and Twentieth streets. The meeting was
attended by a large nurubsr of men who
own lots in what was once the rancho.
John H. Grady called the meeting to
order and stated the status of the suit
acainst the San Miguel Rancho. Then lie
distributed the following card:
NOE TITLES.
Millions fob Defense, but Not a Cent fob
Blackmail— The Mission Defense Union.
A finance committee, consisting of John
A. Lennon, William Wallace, Albert
Meyer, George Walcom and G. Fochs, was
appointed. Captain George Boyd was
added to the executive committee.
Sixty-seven property-owners deposited $1
each with the secretary and wrote their
names on the union's roll of membership,
thus swelling the total to 175.
A lady appeared before the meeting and
said that a man representing tome defense
club had collected $10 from her. She was
informed that the union could not help
her.
"The club Is not responsible for this
matter," said Secretary Van Dnzer, "but I
want to say that the executive committee
shall look into it and Keep a watch in
! future on such funds. And we will spend
! the last dollar in the treasury to send
i these fellows to prison."
It was decided to hold meetings every
Saturday night. The executive commit- ]
\ tee was instructed to prepare a correct i
map of the San Miguel Raucho for the use j
of members.
The secretary stated that an answer to
the Noe suit would be printed and copies
tiled at the earliest date possible on behalf
of the members of the union. Ke also said
he had obtained a stay of proceedings in
the case for seventeen days, and advised
all present under no circumstances to- pay
a dollar for quitclaim deeds.
Each member was appointed a commit
tee of one to co beyond Twenty-second
street and urge property-owners out there
to join them and be present at the next
I meeting.
A statistician says he has observed that
musicians have, as a rule, excellent heads
of hair. In the prime of life the musi
cian's hair flourishes most, and in every
100 music devotees only one hairless head
is met with, while in other professions
about eleven in every 100 are bald.
NEW TO-DAY.
They Say ! ! !
"77" breaks up a Cold.
"77" knocks out the Grip.
"77" stops the Snuffles.
"77" cures the Cough.
"77" soothes the Throat.
"77" works wonders in Catarrh.
"77" is peerless for Influenza.
"77" prevents Pneumonia.
"77" clears Clergyman's Throat.
"77" restores Lost Voice.
"77" annihilates Hoarseness.
"77" is a sheet anchor for Singers.
"77" aids Respiration.
"77" is Dr. Humphrey's Latest and
Greatest Discovery.
"77" is recommended by Physicians.
"77" is the Triamph of Homeopathy.
"77" is a safeguard agaiust Colds.
"77 makes you -'Cold-proof."
"77" acts like a flash.
"77" prevents half your sickness.
"77" is pieasant to take.
"77" just fits your pocket.
"77" is the best seller.
"77" tho' priceless, sells for a quarter.
"77" is Sold by Druggists Everywhere,
Or sent on receipt of price. Humphrey's Medicine
Co. 11l William at., New York
••To Be or Not to Be" One or the
Other Indicates—What?
A Conundrum Pretty Enough In It-
self, but There Are Side Issues.
TV A DIME MUSEUM "THE FAT WOMAN"
J- is ever in evidence, and the living . skeleton
keeps her company with a regularity that rivals
the accuracy of an astronomical clock. Now, it Is
a moot question as to which of these two specimens
of -'God's 'prentice work" is the more happy, or. to
put it in the other way, which of them wishes most
to be like the normal human being. To the phy-
sicist there is nothing very sad about either one of ■
these -freaks of nature." in fact, they may prove a
matter of passing interest to him. but he kno*s
little and usually cares less about the Heartaches
hat these poor creatures have as a rule, all be-
cause they cannot be as normal beings are- fit
and well made." But what comparison is there
between these ofttimes happy creatures and the
poor victims of insidious disease, who, if suffering
from. a wasting disease, gradually become skeie-
etons, or those who. if suffering from urinary or
kidney trouble, may become so very bloated in
appearance that their features are unrecognizable.
Surely there is none. It may be taken for granted
that when a man .who has one of -these. latter
classes of troubles begins to look less "puffy, It is
a "good sign," aDd that when a man is afflicted
with a nervons or draining disorder, when he be-
gins to pick np flesh he is improving.. Take the
case of Mr. S. M. Hooker, who at present resides
in Los Angeles. It is typical. Mr. Hooker came
within an ace of being one of "the sweet spirits
that sit up aloft and keep watch over poor Jack.'
But. he was saved, as thousands of others have
been, through the marvelous skill of the special-
ists at the Hudson Medical Institute. He is now
cured and has this to say about the matter;
IMS ASKKLKs, Cal., July 30. 1895.
Hudson Medical Institute, San Francisco, CaL—
Gentlemen: Your letters have Just reached me.
They were forwarded from Arizona. 1 have not
filled out the blank, as I thought it was uuneces-
sarv I now feel as though I was a cured and a
well man. I have gained ten pounds since I came
hero-just a month ago. lam very grateful tft you
for what you have done for me. Hospectf uiiy
yourSl S. M. Hooker.
Mr. Hooker was suffering from a disease which
was sapping his very life's blood, and that letter
shows how be was on the sure road to recovery
But it is the some story always with those who ap-
ply to these wonderful physicians. Just two or
three excerpts as examples:
K. C. Taft of Stowe. Cal.. says : "I am feeling
fine, without a sign of the disease now."
R. Ashurst Jr. of Panoche: ■ "I would not take
$500 16 relapse into. the state I was in before I
commenced your treatment,"
J. T. Ward of Park City, Utah, writes: "I am
very pleased to say that i«m cured of the terrible
disease that I had."
F. Minturn, St.- Louis, Mo.: "I have not felt so
well in five years as Ido now. I desire to express
my sincere thankb to you." .
And so the great work goes on. Day by day the
testimony is received, and the physicians feel
cheered by it. - And it is proverbial now that while
there is life there is always hope, If you apply AT
ONCE to the great specialists of the HUDSON
MEDICAL. INSTITUTE and consequently
THERE IS HOPE FOR ALL.
All the Following Cases Are Curable:
Catarrh of the head, stomach or bladder: all
bronchial diseases; all functional nervous dis-
pases: St. Vitus" dance; hysteria: shaking palsy;
epilepsy; all kinds of nloo.i troubles; ulcers; wastes
of vital forces; rheumatism: gout: eczema; all
skin diseases, from whatever cause arising; psoria-
sis; all blood-poisoning: varicocele: poison oak;
lost or impaired ma,nnootl; spinal trouble; nervous
exhaustion and prostration: incipient paresis;
all ' kidney diseases; lumbago: sciatica; or blad-
der trouble: dyspepsia; indigestion; constipa-
tion; ati . visceral disorders, which are treated
by the depurating department.
Special instruments for bladder troubles.
■ Circulars and Testimonials of the
Great Mud van sent Free. ;, v
' — '\ " :
Send for "A. Knowledge of the "FREE.
"Write for a "Book on the Liver." FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market and Elli* Sts.
DOCTOR SWEMY,
San Francisco's Leading Specialist,
SUCCESSFULLY TREATS ALL CHRONIO
0 diseases of the head, throat, lungs, heart, stom-
ach, liver and bowels; kidney . troubles, disorders
of the bladder and urinary organs, rupture, - piles,
varicocele, hydrocele and swelling of the glands.
Loss or partial loss of sexual power in either men
or women, emissions,' sleeplessness, mental worry,
bush fnl ness, failing memory and. all the distress-
ing ills resulting from nervous debility positively
an 1 permanently cured. Gonorrhoea, Gleet. Stric-
ture and that terrible and loathsome disease. Syph-
ilis, thoroughly and forever cured.
WP.ITE your troubles if living away from the
city and advice will be ?iveu you free of charge.
Address F.L. BWEANY. H.D.. •
737 Market St. (opposite Examiner Oftioe),
San Francisco, Cat
I THESUCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL EOOI
. — OF THE
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
- ' OPEN-UMTIL MIDSIGET. '
1 BTHEVKRY BEST ONE TO EXAMINE YOUE
J. eyes and fie them to Spectacles or . Eye;laMei
with Instruments ' of . his own Invention, trao<t*
superiority has not beon equaled, ity *uoc*m 444
fteesdue to the merits of my wots, •
Umce Hours— l- to ip. m. -.-.-. _. . ■ . . .
/S\DEW£Y &. CO.>??V
'v^HaQteaaieasaiwßEraassao?^
E^ 3
EL BONITO HOTEL
NOW i OPE N. ,:\ TO * TOURISTS FOH THF
fishing and boating; " redwood grove etc • 16 ™'
I reasonable. v. V," MORGAJf
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,C*LAPPOINTMENTS OPPOSED
Alameda County Republicans
Want an Open Primary
Election.
DISTRICT AFFAIRS
The Congressional Committee Leaves
the Seltction of Delegates to
County Committees.
A meeting of the Congressional com
mittee of the Third District was the
principal feature of yesterday's develop
ments in Republican affairs.
This committee met in the afternoon in
the Market-street office of Senator Guy 0.
Earl of Alameda County in this City, and
after lengthy discussion decided to leave
with the Tarious county committees of the
district the matter of the selection of dele
gates to the State convention, giving the
county committees discretion to either
appoint delegates or to order primary
elections. April 25 was fixed as the date
for the selection of delegates, either by
appointment or by election.
The Third District comprises the coun
ties of Aiarnoda, Contra Costa, Colusa,
Yolo, Lake and Solano. All the members
of the committee, with one exception,
were present, either in person or by proxy,
and E. K. Taylor and Guy C. Earl* of Ala
meda County, who were elected, respect
ively, chairman ana secretary of tho com
mittee a week ago last Saturday, were
present in their official capacities.
G. \V. Morrow's motion that the meet
ing be made executive was defeated, ana
Eli Denison, Rod \V. Church, Miles
Doody and other Oaklanders stayed in
side and watched the proceedings with
interest.
The only matter before the committee
was the question as to how the delegates
to the State Convention were to be chosen,
the commute* having absolute power and
discretion in the matter. After a short
discussion a resolution was adopted pro
viding that the Congressional committee
should be guided by thp wishes of the
county committees." • hairman Taylor
asked tne views oi The members present
regarding open primaries and selection by
appointment and U. L. Ingler of Alameda
began the discussion by expressing the
opinion that the majority of the Republi
cans in hi? county wished to avoid the ex
pense of a primary election.
Senator Lar. followed Ingler with a vig
orous speech in opposition to the appoint
ments by county committees and in favor
o? primary elections. He declared that the
Republicans of Alameda County were
largely in favor of the old and usual way
of selecting the deJegates by election. In
support of his argument Mr. Earl read
from a document left in his office at noon
to-day insisting that primaries should be
held to seiect the delegates. It was signed
by a long list of prominent and well
known Republican citizens of Oaklan i,
including such names as C. G. Dodce, R. P.
Crist, H. O. Trowbridge, George Metcaif,
Victor Metcaif, E. P. Vandercook, Jacob
Greenhocd, W. J. Palmameer, G. B. Dan
iels, P. C. Jordan, 6. G. Nye, F. A. Leach
and others.
C. S. Long of Alameda County favored
the primary method on principle, and said
tnat probably a majority of the Republi
cans of his county would express the same
view, but he urged tne consideration of the
question of expense.
W. W. Morrison said that the people he
represented were almost unanimously in
favor of an open primary election, and
Taylor of Alameda also spoke strongly in
favor of pbe primary. The views cx
i by all the rest of the members of
me comn:ittee present were in a similar
6train.
At the close of the discussion it was
unanimously resolved that the mode of se
lection oi delegates should be left to the
committeemen of the various counties. The
date of the primaries, in case they are
ordered by the County Committee, was
fixed for April 25. If they are named by
the committees without primaries theyaie
to be selected on that date.
There was to have been a meeting of the
<"<,ngreesional committee of the Fifth Dis
trict yesterday afternoon, according to a
call issued by Chairman Cornwall the
other day, but this meeting had been gen
erally understood to be postponed in view
of the action taken by the executive com
mittee of the State Central Committee day
before yesterday in the interest of har
mony. Chairman Cornwall had officially
announced the postponement of the meet
ing, but notices to tnat effect had failed to
reach S. F. Aver of Santa Clara and George
C. Ross of Redwood City, the secretary of
the committee. Hence these two gentle
men were on hand at the rooms of the Re
publican State Central Committee on Cali
fornia street yesterday afternoon. The
only other member oi the committee pres
ent was Daw son of San Francisco. Lpon
learning thesituation these tnree members
held a brief 'meeting, and decided to ad
jonrn the meeting of the committee untii
next Thursday afternoon in Redwood City.
It is more than possible that between now
and then some farther and different ar
rangements for the meeting will be ef
fected.
Next Thursday is the day the executive
committee of the State Central Committee
is to meet again, and the action of the
Fifth District committee will probably
depend largely on what is done by the
higher committee. Hence the affairs of
the Fifth District involved will probabiy
remain in statu quo until after next
Thursday.
The tangle in the Fourth District will in
all likelihood similarly remain in the con
dition it is now in until after next Thurs
day, in accordance' with the understand
ing that all interests shall avoid .further
definite action in view of the possibility of
harmonizing the situation. The regular
Fourth District committee elected on
Thursday evening by a majority of tho
Htate central committeemen of that dis
trict has not met for organization, and
probably wiii not do so untii after Thurs-
GOLD MINING FOSTERED.
A System That Has Long Been
Used to Great Advantage
in Australia.
Each Mine Center Has a Stock Ex
change With Public Daily
Reports and Sales.
Australia baa a mining system in her
god fields that in its workings inspires
confidence in investors ana makes the
miner himself a shareholder in the prop
erty his labor is developing.
The system may be introduced here.
B. T. Lacy of the Parke & Lacy Com
pany and a member of the recently organ
ized local Gold Mining Exchange, has
made repeated visits to all the great gold
mining districts of Australia, and it is his
opinion, after observing developments and
Investments in the different mining towns
of that country, that gold mining is there
carried on in a way that brings much bet
ter results to ail interested than does the
common system of this country.
Speaking of this successful method of
developing the gold mining industry, Mr.
Lacy said :
"Gold mining in Australia is carried on
more for the interests of the miners them
selves than is the case in the gold regions
of the United States.
"In the colonies of Victoria and Queens
land the people resident in the different
mining districts are an important factor in
determining tne value of shares. The
miners and residents generally nave and
take an active part in the buying and sell
ing of stocks. Each district has its local
mining bureau or stock board, controlled
and influenced by actual conditions as
they vary during the daily developments.
"The system baa proven that it is more
profitable for the many actually interested
in the mining business. In localities like
Bendigo, Ballarat, Clunes and Stowell in
the colony of Victoria, Charter Towers,
Gyapic, "Croyden and Maryborough in
Queensland saies are made in gold mining
stock twice a clay, the first cail being from
half-past 10 to 11 o'clock in the forenoon,
and the other from half-past 7 to 8 o'clock
in the evening. At these times those form
ing the. representative portion of the town
meet and sell or buy as they listen to the
explorations and reports of superinten
dents, owners or operatives oi the various
properties.
"The operatives share in the interests of
the mine, and they, together with the
other residents of the region, control in
the aggregate enough stock to have a su
perintendent 01 their choice. The result
is that immediate and reliable information
is publicly available regarding the daily
prospects of the mine. Confidence is in
spired in the intending investor, who, by
means of the daily discussions, and subse
quent printed reports, is able to get at the
true condition of things.
"The system of local 00-operati ve man
a^ementof stock boards is tbe history of
the mining industry in Australia, and it
has done more than all else to mak e min
ing successful to the many interested as
opposed to the few magnates.
"In Bendigo, or Sandhurst, as it is some
time? called, the social conditions result
i ing from this system are innnitely better
I than in the mining towns of California,
not excepting Grass Valley or Nevada City.
The- buildings, the general appearance of
the city, the social and esthetic surround
ings, are superior to those of any raining
Lown in California and aie to be compared
with Los Angeles more than with any
oilier place in the State. And in the other
towns referred to the miners seem to be
better off than miners In similar places in
this country. The social conditions are
superior.
"Tne people in such plsces have gone
there primarily interested in the industry
that started the town, and the community
concerned mainly in the mines has grad
ually introduced the modern improve
ments and conveniences of a well-regulated
city, g
"The largest commercial centers like
Melbourne and Sydney have their gold
mining bureaus also, but they simply
echo the bona tide conditions proclaimed
by the bureaus in the several mining re
gions.
"The Australian colonies, particularly
through the eastern part of the continent,
are more highly mineralized than a corre
sponding area of tbe United States.
"The output from many of the mine 3is
enormous. The large number of people
interested in the business and having con
fidence in the way it is conducted tends
to maintain the industry and permits of
new developments when they are desir
able.
"I is my desire to see any gold-mining
exchange in this country operate on the
Australian system if the change can be in
troduced under existing conditions. I be
lieve it is possible to make gold-mining,
as it has been in the past, one of the lead
ing industries on the coast."
MARTIN KELLY'S PISTOL
It Stayed in His Hip Pocket
and Jim Brown's Blood
Was Unspilled.
An Account of an Interesting Inci
dent of One of Martin Kelly's
Political Days.
Mprtin Kelly and ex- Assemblyman Jim
Brown of the Twenty-eighth District both
live and both, unscathed, tell their respect
ive tales of a meeting yesterday forenoon
in a saloon at First and Folsom streets at
■which there was an exchange of hot and
highly uncomplimentary cuss words, a
few rather harmless blows and threats of
murder expressed by pantomimic reach
ingo for hip pockets.
Martin Keily had not yet started for the
Baldwin Hotel to hold his first political
conference of the day with Senator Ma
honey because politics of the Baldwin
Hotel grade don't begin until after the
sun crosses Kearny street. Kelly was im
proving the forenoon hours by doing
Twenty-eisrhth District politics, and in the
course "of his political labors he met in the
saloon mentioned James B. Brown, who
went to the Legislature a few years ago
when Kelly ran his junkshop and the Re
publican end of the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict and who is now a boss stevedore and
a man with quite a strong following of po
litical friends.
In years agone Brown was a valued
friend" and elective lieutenant of M*artin
Kellrs in the Twenty-eighth, and on his
political books Kelly's account is a pretty
good sized one. But Jim Brown has not
been a political friend of Martin Kelly's
for some time. He has long declared that
Kelly didu'tdo the right and decent thing
by him an«s others of Kelly's old friends
in the Twenty-eighth when Kelly had pat
ronage to dispense.
So they were not two friends that met at
the bar. " Both joined in the same round of
drinks which somebody set up, and then,
according to the stories of the affair told
by eye-witnesses, a conversation started
between the two that quickly passed from
tartness to the use of cuss words. Brown
in vigorous style twitted Kelly with
"throwing down" his old friends who
helped make him a great statesman in
years gone by.
"And now you are tying
up with a white-headed old keyhole de»
tective and eiving the go-by to all tne
lriends that helped make you," Brown is
reported to nave declared. "Who did more
than Jim Brown to take you out of your
water-front junkshop and give you grip?
Now you're trying to throw down the
people that made you."
"Well, who and what are you?" roared
Kelly with scorn. "Why, you, I
picked you up from a stevedore's iob and
sent you to the halls of legislation."
Like a flash came a succession of biffs,
but friends jumped into the» melee and
separated the combatants. Then both got
to tne sidewalk with glares ana roars, and
on the sidewalk each eyed the other, ready
fora backward right-hand reach, and then
eac.D got his hand on his hip pocket. A
gun-fight seemed the program me for the
next minute, when again' friends got in
and saved bloodshed. That was why
Martin Kelly neither let nor lost gore
while doing politics yesterday forenoon in
the Twenty-eighth "District. The affair
has intensified the political situation of
Martin Kelly in the water-front district,
which has seen his progress from a little
junkshop to a pretty good-sized junk
shop — from a humble house to a better
house, and then to a two-story one with a
front stoop, and from the conquest of a
district primary to the conquest of muni
cipal conventions of the past.
Martin Kelly called at The Call office
last night and denied that he had had an
altercation with James B. Brown. He
said that there was absolutely no truth Vn
the story; that he and Brown were the
best of friends; that they had always been
on good terms, and he never carried a
gun under any circumstances.
ELIAS GOSLINSKYS WILL.
Half His Property Left in Trust for Hi*
Children.
The will of Elias Goslinsky, who died on
March 2, lias been filed for probate. His
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
"■'. •'" '. '.. ■ .-. .:. / ' "", .■■ : '-- ■ ■. . -.■./■. :'■ ' , ' ■■ NEW TO-DAY. '" > ~ » ' ; .; ■ ";■ '. ; r ■ ■'. "•
POWERFUL ATTR ACTIOfSHf SPRIG Gil
— -£_©>-O»-v©sS- j ' "
LACE DEPARTMENT ! The UNQUALIFIED SUCCESS of our last week's,^preliminary. display of I fl^f : DRESS TRIMMINGS !
— New Spring goods guarantees a most favorable reception for the immense ir —
batis^V^ycV^erS and shipments that have just arrived and are TO BE SHOWN THIS WEEK U^^^^&e B Tti^S^
BANDS, linen shade, the latest trim- pOR THE . FI RST TIME, for these Shipments Comprise a Variety Of THE . the latest and prettiest patterns.
RAREST AND MOST EXQUISITELY BEAUTIFUL NOVELTIES OF THE In ggaYl aY n Y d o_S
batiste lac^^^ings^nd all- NEW SEASON and, as the following items show, they are characterized by - $&SgZ*sß in every new and
OVERS, in linen shade. __. # T*« I "''«'— ' +•** *>» « I■* w -•« • ; \.
overs, m nnen shade. Prices That Will Command the Immediate New ' Style Dress Buttons, in all the new
A .' 4 --; mm \- • . t^ilCC& I liat YV 111 VUIIIIIIcIIIU tllC llillllCUlcllC ami^stylish patterns, Mn Dresden ef-
At 2oc to $1./o a Yard. _ • ■ . _»»-_• . . _•'*-* • - fects, Rhinestone, Enamel, Pearl ana
ISIGNY POINT LIERRE AND MA- • Attention of Discriminating Buyers! . • Giit,andinaiisi_e . v
LINES LACE,- in all widths and niltllllUH Ul UISU HlllliaUll_ UUJCI 5 .
x^S^Si -i MOMSFSIIIRNISHINGS! HOSIERY ANDJDERWEAR! ; GLOVES !_. GLOVES! LABIETmTS!
*&£ 2 A°N D to i!fR Y a S& ap- BOYS'IMEFSJURNISHINGS! HOSIERY ANDJJNDERWEAR ! GLOVES ! _ GLOVES! LADIES' BELTS!
3 PLIQCE LACE, in all widths. * At 25 Cents. At 15 Cents a Pair. , At 45 Cents. Tn Rmti . m flll — Gnld T , nMl
A. m '•* _o_n * 150 do_en BOYS' CALICO AND CHEV- BOYS' BLACK RIBBED COTTON HOSE, 2^ G ? a oVES H ?n° K rnod ND ESSE ? V? ESflS "and ISilk Befts\ in a big vS
At 10c to $2.50 a Yard. IOT WAISTS, made with -two pleats double knees, heels and toes, guaran- S^l Tre^ar^lnp si rwiii a K?i.i slate of styles in each of th ; different qual [.
CREAM AND BLACK CHANTILLY in back and front, in a variety of hand- teed fast black, extra good value for .*" 4^ f " n li. value * l> lUbe dosed ties.
LACE, all silk, in all widths. j some patterns, worth 50c, will be : of- 20c, will be closed ont at 15c a pair. . outas_oc a pair. ,
fered at 25c each.
BLAC^wStsSEIINP DB^Stp ap At 35 Cents. ; ■• ' At 25 Cents a Pair. 1500 pairs BIARRITZ ; KU) S 'gLOVES, iin WlfW v SIBUIiNS I
T_W_W_HS_S is t^=^= "Skills wsa-s&js&?r l™ m
match. Aimvera to sizes worth 65c, will be offered at 35c , toes - Hermsdorf dye black and tan \.{. At 50 Cents.
______ each. "■ shades, regular price doc. At 65, Cents. FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, elegant
, - . 1000 pairs 8-BUTTON LENGTH : MOUS- s designs, '6% inches wide value ; 70c,
•nir--«T«--TT --- .--,,-„-. • At 50 Cents. . , QUETAIRE UNDRESSED KID ' will be^offered at 50c a yard.
KmHRfIIMHY nifP A NT 75 dozen MEN'S FANCY TRIMMED At 25 Cents a Pair. GLOVES, in tan colors and black, reg- - '
_Jl!lUnUlUJ_ll 1 Uilll illL 1 lfli-11 1 1 NIGHTSHIRTS, made of good heavy LADIES' FINE EGYPTIAN COTTON .' -lar value $1, will be closed out at 65c ■' Af ft - rpnta
muslin and trimmed with silk and era- HOSE, "extra, high-spliced heels and a pair. ' At .do »_enis. :
At 5c to $1.00 a Yard. broidered trimmings, extra value for . toes, Hermsdorf dye, black and assorted : : , •"■'.■- \.. FANCY DRESDEN RIBBONS, in any
CAMBRIC. NAINSOOK and SWISS EM- 75c, will be offered at 50c each.. ; , tan shades, regular price 3 pairs for $1. .. q- ■ Cents number designs, value 90c, will be
CA BROIDiR^n^I K WidthS> WUh I In: • **_a r ' f :' ' ' ' 1000 Pairs 6-BUTTON LENGTH MOUS- at -a "— " ' '
sertions to match. At 50 Cents. " . QUETAIRE CHAMOIS SKIN '■■
125 dozen MEN'S AND BOYS'.UNLAUN- _ . _, T _, At **' 3 *- ems a l air « T GLOVES, in natural color and white, At 25 Cents.
: !,-.; At 20c to '$1.50 a Yard. DERED WHITE SHIRTS, made with LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED BLACK , regular value $150, will be closed out 31,' iNCH ALL-SILK. BLACK SATIN
GR\SS LTNEN B\NDS IN^FRTTONS douole backs, re-enforced all-linen LIbLE-IHKL AD HOSE spliced heels at 65c a pair. . :| x AND GROS-GRAIN RIBBONS, will
Q J_fD^SSSj|e_r» AU^S^SI l ronts \ felle V"^ 3 "-c d w^l U bi C %>^ l"LS£' Herm9dorf black « re^ uUr be offered at 25c a yard.
Flounces to match. : ;j , <oC « mI1 be offered " pno ° ■ ' ' ... At 75 Cents. .
•_______ ' ; 1000 pairs 5-HOOK KID GLOVES, colors • At 35 Cents.
MCKWEAE! : HECKWEAS! »^ o s #pls^ LA ffellSl« ■ 1 and black, regular value *1 25, will be "^«S^ 0^
,f mm .-Z:_ nr , . • iSi'Skir 0 '° C> Gred natural color, regular price ?1. 900 pairs- 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES (large ______
: At /OC to $/.r»O Each. a pair. ■ buttons to match gloves), all .hades V
NOVELTIES IN BATISTE. COLLARS ' . nn „  / * - and black, regular value sl so, will be . _ . -,.««,, TTTiTrimni
AND YOKES in linen shade; Mous- At 20 Cents. At 50 Cents Each. closed out at 90c a pair. T. A TITIrX WAISTS 1
- seline de Soie and Escnrial Collars and. 150 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED IM- T AT)TF q> RTriTFT T?TTiT?T?r» :■ ■' , UnJJIiJU HillOllJ.
Yokes; latest productions in Lace and 1 PORTED COT T O N SOCKS, with wifpvrH T tst v thrfaii vpw-'- ' _ —
Embroidered Neckwear. double-spliced heels and.toes, in as- f o % L^ an^Sveles^ilk M'ed , At 50 Cents. #
' BO J tan sruie sanu Diac^w orth *_ neck and arms, in white ecru, pink, pni)QT?fPQ I pn])Qli'l|lQ I LADIES' WAISTS, made of fancy striped
a dozen, will be ofiered at 20c a pair. sky and black co i ora> re g U , a _ pr i ce 75c. L_JK____sT__ ' LliKS _J 1 0 ' ! and fieured material, laundneJ. collar
tt-t»-it- . -...„.„ . . . and cuffs, will be offered at 50c each.
VEILING' YHLH.I -<i_- : Atsi. 2 s. " ------
fUiUIHU.; TUiUiilU . 7 6 dozen MEN'S UNDYED AUSTRAL- - •■ At $1.00. -; LADIES' SAT EEN CORSETS, latest T , _ iT _,_, „ AT A r t Q $I'°1 '°" > ff ne , v 1 „-,
■\. o - . ITT- - 1 lAN LAMBS-WOOL UNDERSHIRTS LADIES' RICHELIEU RIBBED SWISS French model, long waist and high LADIES' WAISTS made of fancy lawns
At 2oc to $2./o a lard. AND DRAWERS, warranted ' thor- CASHMERE WOOL VESTS, high bust, three side steels, silk embroidered, and dimities, laundered collar ana
THE LATEST NOVELTIES, in double ' oughly shrunk, worth $1 50, will be of- neck, long sleeves, white, natural, pink . guaranteed a perfect fit, black and cuffs in fancy colors regular price
and three-quarter widths, in all shades. .. fered at $1 each. and black color, regular price $1 25. ■ drab, regular price $1 50. $1 50, will be onerea at m eacn.
— — . : — : ; — : : ; ; — ! — ■ — : — _ — : : — : : ; • — . ; — , — : ! ; — . . ... ~ ' ' ~~~~ ~~
Ulg Murphy Building, / fir Ir Murphy Building, J \glf Murphy Building, J Wt\M Murphy Building, j ijU Murphy Building, /
Market and Jones Streets. Market anil Jones Street! Market and Jonas Streets. Market and Jones Streets. Market and Jones Streets.
estate is all community property. He
conlirms the half interest of the widow,
and after making some $1000 bequests to
his children and more distant, relations he
leaves the remainder of his estate to his
widow and his brothers-in-law, Kaspar
Conn and George Brownstein, in trust for
the benefit of his children. His daughter
is to receive her share when she marries
and the sons will get their shares when
they arrive at thirty years of age.
George Brownstein has been declared in
competent and Kaspar Conn has re
nounced the trust, so Mrs. Goslinsky will
handle the estate alone.
A VALUABLE SKETCH.
It Represents theßuin* of Casa Grande
as They Appeared Many Years Ago.
R. Weiss, the keeper of the lighthouse
at Goat Island, has in his possession a
sketch made by himself of the famous
ruins of Casa Grande, in Arizona, that is
undoubtedly one of the earliest pictures of
them in existence. The ancient ruins
were known to the early missionaries who
founded San Xavier del Bac, but it was
not until late in the year 1577 that a Gov
ernment expedition was appointed to ex
pjore them. For some reason the photo
graphs then taken were unsatisfactory.
Plenty of good ones were made along
about 1882, after the railroad got through
the territory and the country became
somewhat settled up, but in the meantime
the ruins had crumbled away until there
was little left but the four outside walls.
Mr. Weiss made his sketch early in
1879, and it shows the ruins much more
complete than they appenr in later pic
tures. He was working on the new South
ern Pacihc Railroad at the time, and it had
reached a point almost directly south of
where the ruins are located. With a pack
mule party he accomplished the trip of
thirty miles across the desert, and was so
interested he made sketches and measure
ments.
The sketch shows the ruins from the
southeast. A tower nearly fifty feet high
rises from the center of the building, and
at this time, Mr. Weiss says, was in a very
good condition. The floor beams were
The Ruins of Casa Grande in Arizona, as Sketched by Mr. R. Weiss in 187 0
still in place, and the tower looked as if it
would last for centuries. T? c- outer walls
wrre much higher tlran at present, al
though ba^'y cracked.
It seems incredible that the walls should
have crumbled away so rapidly, as they
are made of a sort of cement and stone,
unless it be that wandering Apaches has
tened the work. It is also remarkable
that the tower should have disappeared
before the outside walls. The hot, dry air
seems to have had a disintegrating effect
on tho composition, for when the Govern
ment made efforts to "restore" and pre
serve them in 1889. nothing was left but
ihe outside portion, and that was about
ready to topple over.
Casa Grande is said to be the oldest
building on the American continent. It
belongs to the same period as the cliff
dwellings, and a few crumbling founda
tion walls show that at one time it must
have covered several acres of ground. At
present it is about 35x50 feet. The highest
wall rises about twenty-rive feet. A sort
of roof haa been placed over the structure
that greatly detracts from its ancient ap
pearance; but if this had not been done
the whole pile would long ago have disap
peared.
STILL OF SOME USE.
Hulk of the Old Ship Ajax Turned Into
a Boat-Kepairing Shop.
When the wornout ship Ajax was towed
to China Basin a few years ago it was
thought that her days of usefulness were
over. She had sailed her lan voyage and
was hauled high on the shore, dismantled
and left to go to pieces.
For some time she lay with her bows in
the mud and her stern afloat. Then she
sprung a leak and her stern settled so that
she was about as immovable as a wharf.
One day an old ship's carpenter named
Hunter came by and saw au opportunity
of utilizing the wreck without moving her.
The topgallant forecastle stood well out of
the water at high tide, and from there
about twenty feet of the main deck Blopert
att at a convenient angle to the water. At
low tide there was sixty feet of deck out of
water.
Hunter at once applied to the owners of
the vessel and obtained permission to
make the place his home and a workshop
for building and repairing small boats.
He fixed up part of the forecastle by put
ting in a level floor and a bunk. This did
dutyas a bedroom and another portion
was partitioned off as a kitchen. A stove
and cooking utensils were put in conven
ient places" and the old man considered
himself comfortable.
The deck was laid with two sets of ways
and chests made for tools. Tackle was ad
justed and all was ready for business that
commenced to come in from the start.
The old man always had one vessel on
the ways and often three. He did his
work well and got all there was to do in
the vicinity.
The position of the deck made it an easy
matter to haul a boat out of the water.
The ways were protected from the action
of the waves by tne still standing bul
warks and at high tide a vessel did not
have to be hauled more than ten feet to
put it in a convenient and safe position.
Old man Hunter worked on the Ajax for
over a year and a few months ago sold out
to a couple of young men who seem to be
industrious and have all they can do.
When business is lively the wrecK pre
sents a curious and almost grotesque ap
pearance. The boats being repaired look
as if they do not belong there, and, being
newly painted, mate a strong contrast to
the weather-beaten sides of the Ajax. The
action of the elements has put some beau
tiful colors on the old hull. The sides
i-ave become a beautiful russet-brown, and
several feet of the forward portion have
become covered with a bright green moss
that looks as smooth and delicate as plush.
At low tide the stern of the Ajax shows a
iew feet above water. It is covered with
mud and barnacles, and looks more lite a
rock than part of a ship.
The hulk lies in a protected position, ;
and even in stormy weather is not beaten i
badly by the waves. The timbers appear i
NEW TO-DAY.
■£~*' T^ r F~\ • ' ' ■-'■ : LAKE STREET. ■ ■" '•-
• ■iff\ -■ I -fXaS I I^lAT'' ' I 32:6 25 25 25 25 25 25 25 32:6 P™""""
UU 1 U l/tt^. >. . -V| ; .""; . , j ;
rW^ fX -9 87664 8 2 I 2
I If) I O = l JflV. '3 0000 o 5 « 2
Take the S utter-street cars and transfer to ", g ;10 700 700 so - g
the Sutro Electric Road and get off at Eleventh !g 11 700 700 49 g
Avenue and see the block shown on this diagram. 2 12 700 700 48 g -.
The , \i:; ; § ;13 700. 700 47 g ='
, __L «
/t| j f A . « 14 700 700 4tf »f : *
Cheapest Lots , d g~~ 15-700 -sr-s— if { ,
In Richmond. " 3 :; 70 ° 700; : s " !
• Jt ; J.;l. ;■.' *\-lV^*JIJli-lvrl.Jlvl» ••••■■ 5 s ;17 700 700 43 S O'
This property has been placed in our hands . hIS 18 700 725 42 5£ 3
at prices away, below any other property in the , *|« 19/725 725 41 «l v o
entire section in order to insure a rapid sale. $ g V-; — — som^ 40 ■Jg a p
$50 Cash. $io>onthly. \ "-j— g-=-=-^-jf m
$50 Cash. $10 Monthly. ;„ m 725 ,; |
ALL STREET WORK DONE, ■'■ : ? ••''■'■^■'^■ ;;: 87 :l -? .. Iv
.'-'-/ .' '\ '.' ""','..".- • .: .- ;■.- g. ; -.! 24 725 725 88 f . § ;
Graded, sewered and macadamized. , Half block . ■: . . — — '.' -' ' .." :" — " ' : -
to public school. ;Be quick— l 2 lots sold already. * ;25 ; sold 725 . 35 . ■■..■.«
This is /a splendid chance to : make money or v 3 . -■:."• g . i
secure a home, lot. ■':'.■•;• : .<-'. c ;■;,. ;: '-ivy ; :.. ; ; :-' ; .;■■ ■;;", ( '■':*.. 1 §■ * ;'.:; :'::.' T'- 1 V !
Call. for complete list of Richmond property. 41 1 *" s vj '"'%'■■ 1 1 II
" . •. ■■. * - " ' , ■■-/.. . " - •;- .- ■ /••;-. :•■ '■ '_ cc ■ -■" ; cc/ajaccoo
1: " ; • . . ■ . ' - .  26 27 28 29 30 31 32 33 34
BALDWIN & HAMMOND, — ! 53:6s 3:6 "1» »»°« » » » -« |__
. ' " ? CALIFORNIA STREET. -..•.-; j
10 Montgomery Street. : ::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::»::::::::::
SHHK^i^^^Wsi^^&^f ■■■'"• '"': J ':- '. ■'" ••"■.■■■"' '■■:. : . -- - ' Car Line. ■ . ■ ■
THE AJAX USED AS A BOAT REPAIR SHOP.
{Sketched by a "Call" artist.}
to be in good condition, and it is likely
that the Ajax may be of use to somebody
for many years to come.
The celebrated "bottomless abyss" of
France is situated in the province of Vau
cluse, and is considered one of the most
interesting geological wonders in the
world. It is called the Abyss of Jean Nau
yeah, and has been known |fqr centuries.
It is from three to twelve feet in diameter,
and practically bottomless. It is supposed
to be the vent of an ancient geyser.
The Church of Eneland is supported by
income from investments, endowments and
t>y voluntary contributions. The total
revenue of the church is about £^,000,000.
910
SAN FRANCISCO "CALU"
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Call—
?10 Market street, open until 12 o'clock every
nignt in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 63O Montgomery street,
comer Clay: open until 9:3o o'clock.
839 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets, open
nntil 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
*" CHURCH NOTICES. -
t^-^^rR^T^2^URCH^I)F^H^D3T7^CIEN^
&Z& tist— Services at 11 a. m. in Beethoven Hall,
336 Post St., cor. Powell. Christian Science Bible
Lessons, International Series. subject: "The
Good Samaritan." All are welcome.
i-^sp ST. JOHN'S CHURCH (EPISCOPAL),
t^ 7 Fifteenth St., near Valencia.— Rev. Dr. E. B.
Spalding, rector. Rev. W. A. M. Breck, Rev. E.
B7 Church, Rev. H. B. Collier, Rev. T. J. Lacey,
associates. Holy communion, Sundays 7 a. m.
First Sunday in month, 7 and 11 a. m. Holy days,
7 a. m. Services, with sermon, Sundays, at 11
A m and 7:45 p.m. Services on other days as an- '
nounced. Sunday-school at 9:30 a.m. Services
at Holy Innocents' Chapel, . Fair Oaks St.. near
Twenty-sixth, at like hours. Sunday-scnool at
Mission of Good Shepherd, corner Seventeenth and
yoests., 3:30 p. m.
wtrs* "trinity CHURCH, cor. bush AND
c£— ' Gough sts.— Rev. George Edward Walk,
rector. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m. Morning
prayer and "sermon at 11 o'clock. Evening
prayer and sermon at 7:30. Holy com-
munion on the first and third Sundays of the
month, and on holy days at 11 a. m. All wel-
come,
aFTST" CALVARY PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Er-*^ corner of Powell and Geary sts.— Rev. ,
John Hemphill, D.D., pastor, will preach at 11
a.m. and 7:30 p. m. Topic, p. m., -'Res: for the
Weary." The following music will be rendered:
"Te Deum." Hunt: offertory, soprano solo, Mrs.
Priest-Fine. Evening service, "Bonum Est" (No.
1) Mosenihal; offertory, alto solo ana quartet,
"How Long Will Thou Form Me. Lord." by Pflue-
per. Sabbath-school at 12:30 p.m. Y. P. 8. of C.
K. at 6:30 p. m. All are matle welcome. ■
mrsp FIRST CONGREGATIONAL CHURCH,
Bt-^ corner Post and Mason sts.— Rev. C. O.
Brown, D.D.. pastor. Professor R. R. Lloyd will
preach morning service at 11 a. m. Evening serv-
ice at 7:30 p. m. Sunday -school, close of morning
service- I. H. Morse, superintendent. Young Peo-
ple's Society at 6:30 p. m. Samuel D. Mayer, mv-
Eical director and organist.
eFs§= THIRD CONGREGATIONAL
B^^ Fifteenth St., near Mission— Rev. William
Rader, pastor. Services at 11 a. m. Subject,
"The Messiah's Baptism. ' Services at 7:30 p.m.
Subject, "The Rock Under the Church," a sermon
on ihe Cathoiic controversy. Music by chorus
choir, under direction of Win. C. Stadtfeld. "In
Dreams 1 Heard the Seraphim," Fanre; "The
Voice of Jesus," Millanl: "1 Was Glad," Lynes;
-I Will Lay Me Down in Peace," Gadsby. All are
cordially Invited. . .
jijt^sp" FIRST UNITARIAN CHURCH, COR-
ur^£* ncr Geary and Franklin sts.— Rev. Horatio
Stebbins, D.1)., minister; William G. Eliot Jr..
associate, at the church Mondays from 10 to 12.
Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. Services at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Bible-class at 9:45 a. m., led by
Rev. Samuel Slocombe. Subject of evening ser-
mon, "Social Duties." All are cordially invited.
jr^gF SECOND UNITARIAN CHURCH. COR-
l*- ncr of Twentieth and Capi< sts.— A. J.
Wells, minister. Mr. Wells will preach at 11 a.m.
The evening lecture at 7:45 will begin a series
on '-Conscience in Literature." The special sub-
ject to-night will be "The Meaning of Conscience
and Its Place In Early Hebrew Writings." Bible
study at 6:45 p. m. Subject, "Hebrew Poetry."
Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m. All seats free. Pas-
tor's residence. 20 Liberty st.
l^ijp FIRST ENGLISH LUTHERAN
B-jy Church, on Geary St., near Gough— O.
H. »Gruver, pastor. Services Sunday at 11
a. m. and 7:45 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:45 a. m.:
prayer-meeting Wednesday at 7:45 p.m. Subject
in the morning, "Christian and Worldly Blessed-
ness Contrasted." Seats free. All are welcome.
Fp^s= CHURCH OF JESUS CHRIST OF LAT-
B^-^'^ ter-day Saints at 909 Market st.— Services
at 2 aud 7:45 p. M. Elder Henry S. Tanner, pre.i-
dent of the California Mission, will speak at the
evening service. Subject, "Pre-existence and Its
Influence on the Present." All are welcome.
jrC^p THEOSOPHICAL SOCIETY - FREE
\jr~& public lecture every Sunday evening at 320
Post St.. at 7:45. To-night : -The Meaning of lm-
nior:all:y." by Mrs. M. M. Thirds.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
ITS 3 CALiI -Hi; nia PSYCHICAL SOCIETY—
\^~S r Mr. J. J. Morse will lecture at National
Hall, Ellis st.. • bet. Polk st. and Van Ness aye.,
this evening at 7:45. Subject, "Man's Latent
Faculties: What They Teach," being the second
of a series of five lectures on "Some General
Illustrations of the Principles of Psychic Science."
Seats reserved for members. Admission free.
Pf"5P THE SOCIETY OF PROGRESSIVE
t«^^ Spiritualists will meet at Golden Gate Hall
on Sutter St.. bet. Mason and Taylor, on Sunday,
March 8, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker, J. Clegg Wright.
Subject, "The Road of Progress: the Martyrdom
of Man." Music by the Misses Lillian and Emily
Coleman. Admission free.
DR. ROBBINS LECTURES TO-NIGHT
IS^& on "If spiritualism Is True, What Good Can
It Do?" Tests by Mrs. Wrenn, the sick healed,
mediums developed and written questions answer-
ed by spirit power. Music by Prof. Ollert. Mag-
netized paper and circle tickets free. Washington
Hall. 35Vi> Eddy st. at 8 o'clock. Admission free.
ptSg=" LIBERALS AND FREETHINKERS—
X2r~& D r . York, the noted orator, speaks at Scot- j
tish Hall, 105 Larkin St.. this evening at 8 sharp
on "Gods and Ghosts of Superstition," with pre-
lude on Grover Cleveland 83 missionary of honest
money and Presbyterianism for the wide and
woolly West. .
E£^s= AT 997 MARKKT ST. (FIRST • PRO-
" r— f gressive Spiritual Church)— ll a. m.. devel-
oping circle: 2 p. m., test circle, Mr. Keegan, Pro-
fessor Mingo, and others; 7:30 p. m., Mrs. Dunham
Henderson. Mrs. Carman of Portland and others;
good music.
SPIRITUAL REFORMERS' LEAGUE
W-& meets to-night. 110 Hayes St.. 7:45.' Sub-
ject: "Spiritual love ■ and the need of pure
thoughts as illustrated by the licentious life of the
churches " Speakers, R. Brears and Dr. Peters.
Bt;^ GOOD CITIZENSHIP MEETING, MET-
&-& ropolitan Temple, Sunday. March 8, 3 p. m.
Address by Major T. C. Hyan of Columbus, Ohio.
Subject, "Nineteenth Century Patriotism; What It
Demands." Admission, 10c.
B»--jp MME. MONTAGUE WILL LECTURE
&-»' and answer questions, also baptize a little
child, before th- Psychical Society of Oakland at
Fraternal Hall. Washington St.. 8 p. m.
nprs= at dr. rin-es 1 spiritual meet-
xS^b 1 ing, 909 Market St.. 2 and 8 p. m.. circle,
and platform tests. Mmes. Bird, Henderson, Dr.
A. Tobias and others.
IPS-" W. J.COLVILLE LECTURES in ham-
lt>— ** ilton Hall, Thirteenth and Jefferson, Ms.,
Oakland, SUNDAY, 3 p. m. " Subject: "The Joys
and Sorrows of Satan." y-r' ".
»^S= GRAND SPIRITUAL MEETING TO-
K*^ night— Mrs. Shrmer and Seal: Inspirational
lecture and tests: good music; come. 11l Larkin.
f^g= MRS! COLBY WILL HEREAFTER
Bt-* 7 hold her circles for spirit messages Sunday
at 1221-2 Oak st. ; \
*^S=> C. V. MILLER, ETHEREALIZING, MA-
b^— ' terialinng seaDceto-nigfctat 8. 535 Post :soc.
■Psj=» MRST FULTON, MATERIALIZING
*~-*^ seance to-night; sittings daily. 31 Fell st. ,
Et~3p TO-NIGHT— KATIE HEUSSM ANN'S
Gt--* 7 test meeting. 793 Stevenson.off 9th; 10c: $1.
ZjElrg= MRS. STEERS. MEDIUM*- CIR. TUBS.
ur-JS' Fri. eve.; Thur. 2P. m.; readings. 101 Grove.
jtr~fF~ M Ft "v AIT K I N. MEDIUM; CIRCLE
" ; -* ? this (Sunday) evening: 25c. 715 Post st.
Ifr^ 3 TEST I :(LE TO-NIGHT: 10c.
U-«> YOUNG. 605 McAllister; come skeptics!!!
not JCJ ' " l jh T I xa a .
{K^g 3 GOLDEN GATE. LODGE No .30, _
tS<& F. and A. M.— Officers and members _^_»
are requested to assemble at the temple K^«P
THIS (SUNDAY) AFTERNOON, Maich/^/>
8, at 1:30 o'clock, to conduct the funeral of our late
brother, JOHN H. PETERS.
GEO. J. HOBE, Sec.
«-^g= WA LH ALL A ENCAMPMENT NO. X„♦
fc-*^ 7, I. O. O. F.— The officers and the*V r
Funeral Committee of this encampment are 'X
hereby quested to meet at Odd Fellows' Hall on
SUNDAY, March 8, at 1 :30 p. M. , for the purpose
of attending the funeral of our late Past Chief Pa-
triarch, J. H. PETERS. .
< hist ROEBER, Chief Patriarch.
. Max Schumann, Scribe, j .
WPS* «' MiililUA LODGPZNO. 122, >sS>jiUJUB* "
tar-— ' I. O. O. F.— The funeral com-^^s^;
nnu»-e Is lier«-V>v notified 10 assemble -=$^B@^
at Odd Fellows' Hall, SUNDAY, March " 5 'w/H\ < s : >
8, at 1 o'clock p. m., to attend the funeral of our
late brother, Past Grand J. HENRY PETERS.
By order of 11. A. SCHULTZE, N. Gr.
Christ. Rokrkr, Rec. Sec.
«^§=> AN ADJOURNED MEETING fe_;*-f>
m*& of the St. Patrick's Day convention XT ¥
will be held TO-DAY (SUNDAY) at 2 WwW '
p. m. at K. R. B. Hall, S - . cor. of O'Far-t^V«»
rell and Mason sts. Delegates are earnest- S"^E&
ly requested to be present, as questions of vital
Importance to the coming celebration will be dis-
cussed. The orator and poet of the day will ad-
dress the convention. - . "
THOS. R. BANNERMAN, Pres.
Peteb J. McCormack, Sec.
VZZZS* ANNUAL MEETING — tHIW^
W~& regular annual meeting of the stock- P*T
holders in the A. O. F. Hall Association of j?\
San Francisco will be held In Excelsior ft - \
Hall, A. O. F. building, 10'- O'Farrell st., San
Francisco, Cal., on SATURDAY, the 14th day of
March, 1«9«, at 7:30 p m. ■
JOHN HENDERSON, PresidenU
J. Falconer. Secretary.
U£^S= COURT DIANA OF INDEPEND-^l_/i?
■F-C cn t Order of Foresters meets In Myr- V*«
tie Hall, Alcazar building, every THURS- act
DAY. FRED MILLER, C. K. _li
ftps* THE ANNUAL GATHERING _. CV \,
llrZc? and games of the Caledonian Club _J7(
SATURDAY, May 30, at Shell Mound liW
Park. D. R. McNEILL, Chief. **^9%
Jamb» H. DfNCAN, Secretary. .
SPECIAL, NOTICKS. "
n^S^BAD^ TENAN^s^^TE^T^D^F^ir^iT;
8638' collections made, city -or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy su, room 6. Tel. 6580.
■E^F WINDOWS cleaned AND floors
■f^* V scrubbed; reasonable - rates: payment for
damages guaranteed. C. ROSSI & CO.. 242 Sutter.
m^S* MME. HANSEN AND ASSISTANTS—
m^r Electric, vapor, salt water baths. 116 Taylor.
y SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
SITUATIONS WANTED— ATTENTION,. LA-
dies. have first-class cooks and housegirls: ; sec-
ond girls, chambermaids and waitresses: country
orders attended to. MME. LEOPOLD, 20 Stock-
ton st. . • ' - ' ' ■■■' ■■'
TTHRST-CLASS FRENCH 3IAID AND sea.
X 1 stress desires a situation: ■ 2 years last place:
city or country. Please call, address or tele phone
MISS CULLEN, 323 sntter st.
T ADIES CAN SECURE RELIABLE HELP OF
Xj all nationalities by calling, addressing or tele-
phoning MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter su
OWEDISH EMPLOYMENT BUREAU, FIRST-
O class glri waiting situation. 315 Sutter St.
Oli U....T10N BY FRENCH GIRL TO
0 take care of children, do upstairs I work and
sewing; gooa seamstress: no objection to travel-
ing. Address F. G., box 127, Call Office.
RESSMAKER FROM ROPE, WHO
worked long years for the first ladles in New
York, desires work in families: will be very rea-
sonable; don't want to be paid if perfect satis-
faction is not given. Address Dress, box 143, Call.
RESPECTABLE COMPETENT GIRL ..WANTS
X*/ work by the day; not afraid of work; fine
laundress. Address D. M., box 76, Call Office.
A MERICAN WOMAN WANTS A HOME IN
■A. private family: best of references given: city
or country. ., Address D., box 51, Call Office. - •
W" ANTED BY COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO
»' housework: is good cook and laundress; good
bread and biscuit maker; don't mind large family;
city or country. 8 Anthony st., off Mission, near
Second. . .
T3ESPKCTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WISHES
XV work by the . day washing. Ironing and house-
cleaning. Address M. F., 35 Natoma St., basement.
INVALID NURSE— A COMPETENT, RE-
fined Danish girl desires situation to wait on
lady or care for invalid: Is willing to do some up-
stairs work; first-class references. Address lbo7
California st. .
QPANISH GIRL; 12 YEARS; SMART: QUICK:
O understands children and housework:, wants
position. Address ORPINELLA, 18y 2 Minna st.
OWEDISH WOMAN' WISHES TO DO GEN-
-0 era! housework: good cook; wages $20 a month.
306 Tenth St., near Folsom.
]> ELI ABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUATION
Xt as housekeeper I for widower's family or in
hotel or take charge of lodging-house, etc. Address
-B. W., box 49, Call Office.
<£9n WILL BE PAID ANY ONE SECURING
is>£i\J permanent position at ; moderate salary
for experienced- stenographer: owns machine.
Address C, box 19, Call Office.
A' OUNG LADY FROM THE COUNTRY
: X wishes situation as housekeeper. Please ad-
| dress Y. 8., box 134, Call Office. '
I^INE READER WISHES TO READ TO AN
J. invalid; will give lessons in elocution at hours.
Address E. box 16, Call office.
SITUATION WANTED BY FIRST-CLASS
waitress: good references. Address 195 Hyde.
yoi'so DANISH girl WANTS to take
X care of a child in a refined family. Please call
at 620% Minna st.. near seventh.
ELI ABLE WOMAN WANTS COOKING OR
X"V housework in city or across the bay; wages
$20 to $25. Call 440 Seventeenth st., between Va-
lencia and Guerrero. .
pOMPETENT WOMAN DESIRES SEWING;
\J plain sewing' or children's clothes; $laday:
machine furnished if necessary. Seamstress, 418
Ellis st.
ANTED— BY A RESPECTABLE FRENCH
" woman, work by the day; thoroughly com-
petent to take care of invalid or sick children and
to make herself generally useful ; good references
from private family. Address French, box 75, Call.
RESSMAKER AND SEAMSTRESS; GOOD
fitter and diaper; sews 50c a day. M. M., box
94. Call Office.
WOMAN " WANTS WASHING OR HOUSE-
'» cleaning; $1 per day and carfare. Address C.
F., box 77, Call Office.
RESPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED LADY
XV would like to taKe full charge of lodging-house;
references if required. Call or address 4% Yerba
Buena St., off Clay, bet. Mason and Taylor.
COMPETES T WOMAN WANTS WORK BY
\J the day washing, ironing, housecleaning. 419
Minna St., near Fifth.
RESPECTABLE i WORKING WOMAN WITH
Xt 2 children greatly needs work; good country
hand: good cook, milker and 'butter-maker and
poultry-raiser. Address Help, box 87, Call.
WORK BY DAY WASHING, CLEANING
»» and moving. 24 Verona St., oft Third, bet Fol-
som and Harrison.
WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE DAY
'» washing and housecleaning; $1 10 a day.
324% Fifth st. ■
STtuation wanted BY YOUNG girl TO
0 do general housework. • Call or address 117
Ellis st. ■ . ■
"OELIABLE WOMAN WANTS CHAMBER-
XV work; sleep home. Address K. H., box 147, Call.
EXPERIENCED DRESSMAKER AND DE-
Xj signer desires work by the day in families or
at home; exquisite fitting. Address New York
City, box 98, Call Office.
LADY OF REFINEMENT. AGE 35, WISHES
position as housekeeper: widower; grown-up
family : country preferred. MRS. 8., box 80, Call.
\\r ANTED— SITUATION AS PLAIN COOK
' ' and housework in a small family, Call or ad-
dress 1015 Clay st.
p ERMAN WOMAN, WITH GOOD REFER-
vJT ence as seamstress, wishes to go as second girl;
city or country. Add. D. C. box 85, Call Office.
yOI'XG LADY DESIRES POSITION AS
1 stenographer and bookkeeper: salary no object;
reference. Address J., Call Branch. 713 Larkin.
rpRAINED NURSE DESIRES POSITION;
X care of invalid lady or child; physicians' refer-
ences. 237 Oak st.
IDDLE - AGED AMERICAN WOMAN
wishes a position as housekeeper; country pre-
ferred. Address MRS. BLANK, Stockton, Cal.
/Competent WOMAN wants WASHING
\J or any kind of work by the day. 664 Jessie St.,
bet. Seventh and Eighth: rear.
V No. 1 WOMAN— POSITION AS WORKING
housekeeper: is No. 1 cook; first-class reference
I given and required. Call or address J. L., 1429 Mis-
! sion si.. 6 to 8 p. m. .
XPEBIENCED DRESSMAKER DESIRES
EX PKRI KNCED DRESSMAKER DESIRES
few more engagements by the day; terms
$1 76. Address 1020 Geary st.
YOUNG GIRL WISHES A POSITION : FOR
1 housework and plain cooking. Please call or
address 128 Silver St. -
pOLORED WOMAN WISHES DAY WORK,
\j washing or housecleaning or washing to do
home. Address C, box 98, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER DESIRES
X? work at her home or will go out; perfect fit
guaranteed; reasonable. 22 Fifth st.
VODXG WOMAN WOULD LIKE POSITION
-L as housekeeper or in linen-room and assist with
chamberwork In lodging-house or hotel; city or
country; best of reference. Address S. It., box 16,
this office.
/Competent WOMAN who can do
\J French or American cooking wants situation;
is first-class laundress; fond of children: will work
city or country In neat family; moderate wages.
Call 749 Howard st.
p ERMAN LADY WANTS PLACE AS COM-
V. J panion or do light housework and sewing. Ad-
dress 819y a Larkin st.
V FIRST-CLASS SEAMSTRESS IN COUN-
try. good cutter and . filter. Address C. F., box
16, Call Office. :
» MERICAN WOMAN WISHES NURSING
■_ i. or care of Invalid ; city or country; references.
1823 Market st., third floor.
/COLORED WOMAN WANTS PLACE; HOUSE-
\J work, plain cooking: can give reference. " 26
Bernard st., of! Taylor, bet. Pacific and Broadway.
pOMPETENT WOMAN WISHES WORK BY
\J the day. washing, ironing or housecleaning.
Call at 417 Ivy aye. • -
ANTED— POSITION AS SEAMSTRESS IN
1 » family or housekeeper for elderly couple. ' A.
M., 1802 Polk st.
XPKRIENCED TAILORESS WISHES EN-
J gagements to do plain sewing and mending.
Call or address 1201/2 Geary St., room 15. \- .
p ERMAN WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
iJT day, washing. ironing or housework; references
given. Call or address 663 Minna st.
IJVRENCH CHRISTIAN UNION OF CALiFOR-
X? nia Employment Bureau; free to employes;
1520 Clay st., bet. Hyde and Larkin; open from 1
to 4p. M., except Saturday. Wanted, a situation
for experienced lady's maid, speaking 4 languages;
also sewing for capable dressmaker, in family or
at the F. C. U. C. Home. . >>
"DELIABLE SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
XV a situation to do general . housework. Please
call or address 414 Folsom st., near First. :
OOD SCANDINAVIAN GIRL WANTS
place to do general - housework. Address 108
Sacramento st. : - . •. : ■_:'■'':■■■'
\\r ANTED BY A YOUNG WIDOW— PO8I-
»»■ tlon as housekeeper in widower's family. Ad-
dress A. X., box 102. this office.
p ERMAN GIRL WANTS PLACE TO TAKE
VI care of children. : Apply SE. corner Twenty-
fourth st. an d Treat aye. , • .
ITUATION WANTED BY COMPETENT
O woman : good cook and laundress. Please call
1169 Mission st. ' . .>-;■«.. -,;y:
EXPECTABLE MIDDLE-AGED LADY, COM-
petent for housekeeping 1 or any place of trust,
wishes situation in a good family; no objection to
country; references if required. : Address A. 8.,
Lorin station, Alameda County, Cal., Postofflce
box 65. ■■■.-: .-•.•.
XT'XPERIENCED STENOGRAPHER WHO UN-
X!i derstands bookkeeping desires position; good
city references. S. T.. box 135, Call Office, f . ,
yOI'SG LADY WANTS SITUATION AS
X housekeeper. •; 17a Sixth St.. room 1. -. :-•
XT' OU NG~LA WOULD LIKE A POSITION
X .as housekeeper. 203 Powell St., room 6. -
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
Market: !iOO rooms ; • 25c to *1 60 per night:
$1 CO to $6 per week:, convenient and resi>eciai>le:
free bus to and from the ferry - ' - - ■ -■'• ■>
SITUATIONS'. WA.* JTEJJ-JH ALB;.
cToTcOoiK ; frs7Hr^P]rvL^^
. branches :sh<iii riotlce. 14 Geary. 'tel. Grant 46. *
L.Vii.u i;u., t>liN»E AND JAPAN-
ese employment oflice, 17 Webb St.. - below
Kearny, bet. California and Sncrt;niento:,tel. 23L
-JAPANESE AND CHIN EMPLOYMENT ;
O office; best help. 3148 Sutter: teL Grant 30. :
(CHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
J office; best help. 414y 3 O'Farrell; teL E. 426. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
MTPATIOJiS WANTED- Continued. i
FIRST HAND ON t BREAdT^CAKES
and pastry, wants steady situation: city or
country. ■ 171 Clara st., near .fifth.' _; •' .
,W"ANTED— TO CARE fob, horses , AND
''garden by a middle-aged man who thoroughly
understands his business: can milk and make
himself useful; best of reference. Address C. 11.,
box 47, Call Office. ; ■-■••- ; ■..■- •■ - -■--;■
Ir-IR'ST-CLASS upholsterer WHO UN-
-T derstands carpets and drapery, wishes situa-
tion; wages $2 50 per day. Address Carpet, box
18, Call Office. . ■■■.:■•■■ V
irnuE man WISHES situation; MANY
-T years experience; best of reference. 416 Sec-
ond st. • - r
BOOKKEEPER WITH COMMERCIAL EX-
perience desires to keep accounts for 2 to 3
hours a day; good reference. Address B. X., box
143 Call Office. x y -.-, ■:•., ••,
ALTERS' WORK WANTED AS HELP;
worked in variety bakery on bread and rolls;
single man, aged 33; strong: low wages for steady
place. E. 8.. care of Mrs. Lecey, 70 Minna st.
SINGLE MAX, 27, GOOD EDUCATION, COM-
petent bookkeeper, desires employment: will
do anything from cart-driving up: city or country;
is sober and reliable. Address C. D., box 16, Call
Office.
p ENTLEMAN OF EXPERIENCE, speak-
VX ing and : writing English and German with
equal fluency, | desires a position .as bookkeeper,
cashier or collector in hotel, manufacturing estab-
lishment or real estate office. C. P. P., 221 Main st.
DVERTISER DESIRES EMPLOYMENT as
-T»- coachman, groom, valet or gardener, or one
and other combined; highly recommended. C, 16
Gildenst.' ' '••■■;' • tjjti
A7-OUNG MAN (GERMAN) WANTS WORK OF
X any kind; understands handling horses; can
milk. Address C. L., box 106, Call Office.
pOACHMAN — ENGLISH; THOROUGHLY
\J understands his business; also gardening and
cows; first-class references. Address. Doc, 1726
Everett St., Alarneda.
QITUaTION WANTED BY A GOOD JOB COM-
O positor. Address E., box 82, Call Office.
JAPANESE HOUSE-CLEANING AND car-
O pet; washing windows; any kind of work by
the day. 1600 Pacific aye., near Polk st.
ITUATIGN WANTED AS" ASSISTANT
0 bookeeper, salesman, collector, or driver of . de-
livery wagon; long general experience in this city;
good references. Address E. G., box 9, Call office.
SITUATION? WANTED— GERMAN. GENER-
aIIy useful; good horseman; understands gar-
dening; can milk ; city references ; moderate wages.
Situation. Poatonice, North Temescal, AlamedaCo.
I>ELIABLE GERMAN MAN WANTS WORK
IV in private place; take care of horses, cow and
garden: first-class references. W. H. A., box 4,
Call Office.
ITU ATI ON WANTED IN A PRIVATE FAM-
C? lly: understands the care of horses, cows and
garden. J. D., box 119, Call Office. ; 
OTEADY' MAN OF 30 WANTS SITUATION
k3 as salesman In first-class grocery or boot and
shoe store; was 7 years in grocery, 4 years in boot
and shoe business: best of references. Address J.
L. SALVAGE, 1045 Market st.
TTeli able~firBt-c lass man wants sit-
Xt uation around private place: is good coachman
ana fair gardener and can make himself generally
uselul around the place. Address 11. 8., box 112,
Call Office. . ,
AjAN AND WIFE, THOROUGHLY COMPE-
-I*l tent to run kitchen or dining-room in first-
class boarding-house. D., box 16, this office. ', ■
p ARDENER WISHES SITUATION; REFER-
VT ences. Address J. L. STOLL, 608 North Third
St., San Jose.
MOUNT OF SALARY IMMATERIAL; AM
X\. Al bookkeeper; experienced offlceman; type-
writer; energetic, faithful, willing and it is neces-
sary I obtain Immediate employment. Address
BERG, 112 Call Office.
VOTING MAN OF 25. ENGAGED IN EVEN'-
X ing study in the city, desires position in whole-
sale business or office; salary. secondary; refer-
ences. E. 1., box 4, Call Office.
AN. AND WIFE WANT SITUATIONS ON
a ranch; man good all-around ranchband;
wife good cook and housekeeper. Please address
M. A., box 137. Call Office.
AS NURSE. COMPANION OR VALET TO
invalid gentleman; comes well recommended.
Address V., box 38, Call Office. ■ ...
MAN 35 YEARS OLD, SINGLE, SEVERAL
years' experience in business, wants situation
as shipping or bill clerk ; best city references. Ad-
dress R. '• . box 35, Call Office.
THIRST-CLASS CUSTOM TAILORS' CUTTER
-F having leisure time during ihe day would like
to have custom cutting to do as piecework at very
reasonable figures; best of references. Address
J.H. HA WES, Crocker Building.
wanted — by an energetic, all-
" round business man employment, with pros-
pect of an interest, in some retail, wholesale or
manufacturing - business in the city or {country.
Address W. 8., box 40, this office.
YOUNG, COMPETENT MAN DESIRES POSI-
X tion as bookkeeper; best of references. Ad-
dress W. A., box 63, this office.
W A NTi-.D— SITUATION BY MAN; NURSE
" or traveling companion to invalid; can : give
good references. ■ Address Companion, box 17,
North Temescal, Alameda County, Cal.
OTHER WOULD LIKE TO FIND EMPLOY-
ment for ncr 2 sons; 17 and 18 years of age:
both bright boys; speaking French. German and
English. Address M. R., box 115, Call Office.
SWEDE WANTS SITUATION AS COACH-
man; understands care of horses and carriages
thoroughly: also care of garden; first-class refer-
ences; city or country. Address W. 8., box 101,
Call Office. • . . ■ . ■..- -
; FEMALE HELP WANTED.
OOK. $2?: 7 HOUSEGIRLS/ $20;" 15^ GIRLS
' at $15 and a number for $10 and $12. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
O SCANDINAVIAN CHAMBERMAIDS; A9-
— < sist - wait: $20; same house; fare paid. C. K.
HANSEN <fc CO., 110 Geary st. - .'
WAITRESSES AND 2 CHAMBERMAIDS
and waitresses; different country hotels; $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 110 Geary st.
WAITRESSES; COUNTRY HOTEL NEAR
city ; $20. C. K. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
O CHAMBERMAIDS AND WAITRESSES;
— same house: country; $20; fare paid. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
A WAITRESSES; CITY: $20 AND $15. C. R.
4: HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
AID AND SEAMSTRESS. $26; NEAT
fined second girl, $20: nurse, Santa Barbara,
$30; 20 housework girls, city and country, $20
and $25: 6 young girls assist, $10 to $16. MISS
CULLEN, 323 Sutler st. » ■. -
G(OOK, $30; HOUSEWORK, ■ ALAMEDA, $20
' Berkeley, $20 : cook, Vlsalla, $30. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 Sutler st. -■■ y-'. ; :
DEFINED GERMAN NURSE, CHILD 6, $16.
XV MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
1 FRENCH SEAMSTRESS, S2S. MISSCULLEN,
JT 323Sntterst.
nHAMHERMAID, ASSIST WAITING, HOTEL
\J near city, $20; girl for second work and sewing,
$20: housegirl, small American family, city, $20:
Protestant girl, near city, $16; woman with child,
$10. fare paid; 60 girls and women for other places
at MURRAY & READY'S, 634 Clay st.
L~~UNCH WAITRESS, $3 -' PER WEEK ; NO
Sunday work. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay.
GIRL, WILLOWS, 2 IN FAMILY, $25, FARE
r paid; girl, Livermore, $20. MME. LEO-
POLD, 20 Stockton st. -
ANEW BUSINESS HOUSE OPENING UP
In this city desires good, competent help
through the United States industrial Agency.
Among the positions to be filled are the following:
Salesladies for corsets, hosiery and gloves. Per-
sons holding certificates in this agency competent
to fill any of these positions are requested to call;
also those who are competent who have not yet
filed their applications in our office are Invited to
call at one. as we have a large number of : posi-
tions to till right away; also a saleslady who can
speak French is wanted at once by another house.
Room 167, Crocker building. ' This agency will re-
move its general offices to the Emporium building
op the Ist, Ui ae_t month- '■■■.■'--
OME FOR GIRLS— ROOM $1, OR WITH
board $3 per week. 47% Gilbert st.
tTeli able girl for general house-
work in small family. . 1113 Treat aye. ■■...;
PUPILS - FOR MILLINERY SCHOOL; - LES-
sons private or class: evening pupils special at-
tention: stylish trimming 25c. 410 Leavenworth.
I7IRTS-CLABS FANCY (i .ODS SALESLADY
X of experience Is wanted. . U. 8, Industrial
Agency, room 167, Crocker building. ■ y :
iv t AN TED-GOOD COOK and . house-
»» keeper in small American family; references.
Apply Monday, 1160 Golden Gate aye., cor. Web-
ster St. '<. '- :■■■ \' ■/:';■ .. ,v;t -■ ; : :■•.;'. - ':- "■ '■'
TT'XPERIENCED MAKERS IN MILLINERY;
X-i also good flower-brancher. 130 Sixth st.
"\fIDDLE-AGED WOMAN TO .ASSIST IN
1»1 housework a few hours dally. Apply after 10
o'clock Monday at,201 Taylor St.- . . ,
OMAN FOR GENERAL! HOUSEWORK;
sleep home; wages $1-6. 108 Ninth. .
IRLS TO COOK AND HOUSEWORK, ALSO
i second work, wait re and other good situa-
tions. Apply J. P. JOHNSON _ CO., 872 Broad-
way, Oakland. , ;„: ; . ■ ■>>:-V«
ANTED— YOUNG WOMAN AS . HOUSE-
■ keeper for bachelor. Apply 126 Fifth si.,
room 25. - -i- ;■ ■■ • ■  .-■,.
YOUNG GIRL TO LEARN ATHLETIC ACT
■ X for stage;, must be strong and well formed;
good home to suitable party. Address H. s., box
85, Call Office..- , . y
LADIES TO LEARN HAIR-DRESSING,
beauty culture,' etc. . 131 Post St., room 20. .::■
IRL ABOUT 15 YEARS, ASSIST LIGHT
: housework and baby. •, 530 Jersey at. :, . -
\\r an Fed —IN AMERICAN ; family,
*» young girl of willing and cheerful disposition
to do plain cooking and cleaning, with care of one
child of 5: no chamber work ; no washing or bak-
ing; wages $10 and carfare monthly; good home'
and kind treatment for a girl fond of children and
of lively disposition: references required. Address
MRS. T. V., box 136, Call Office. ■ y »■■...■ :
ANTED — MIDDLE- AGED LADY : AS
partner to ' assist in starting a poultry-raising
business; 120 acres; no rent. Address Single, box
59, this office. . -j/y.y^ ;?"';.::''
ll' ANTED - LADY' OF MIDDLE AGE TO
'' ' take i position where she can work into a pay-
Ing business. L. 0., box 109, Call Office. , '■-■■
U . ANTED- AMATEUR 'DRAMATIC, VOCAL
" and musical talent. Address H. W., box 68,
Call Office. '.'-^. ;
J; : HEI.P WANTED— Confirmed.
A PPRENTICE J)'OR HAIR-DRESSING. MAN-
leuring, hair work. Mme. Fanst, 9V a Stockton,
AIRDRESsING. 25c AND 35c: MORNING
and eve classes; 101essons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
RESSMAKERS AND GIRLS TO LEARN
XJ quick method Of catting, fitting and finishing;
new styles patterns, 25c up; families supplied with
dressmakers. ; McDowell Academy, 213 Powell.:
WINCHESTER .HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in very room: 200
rooms; 25c to $160 per night; $1 60 to $6 per
week: fro* bus to and from the ferry. ■-'.■: -. .' ' ; .
MOST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House. 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 per night : $1 50 to $6 per
week : free bus to and from the ferry. :,.;.;• "."::;••
A PPRENTICES TO LEARN DRESS CUT-
•£*■ ting and making. 14 McAllister. rms 67 and 68.
]' AWRENCE PATTERN HOUSE—
_^cint'ng school. 1231 Market s;..oet. Bth and 9th.
MALE • HELP WANTED.
."WfA^T^D-S^A^DTNA^IAN-NDiG^RMAN
''quartz miners: see boss here. "" C. *B. HAN-
SEN & CO., lip Geary st.
LACKSMITH FOR A RAILROAD CAMP, $35,
X* board. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
TRONER TO RUN SHIRT POLISHING MA-
X chine, hotel laundry, $28 • and board. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary st. ,
W ANTED-SCANDINAVIA N AND GERMAN
»» quartz miners: see boss here. ■ C. R. HAN- '
SEN & CO., lip Geary st. , * "
KA MEN WANTED: FROM $16 TO $60 AND
"v found, at MURRAY* READY'S Employ-
ment Office Monday at 7:30 a. _ .
LACKSMITH FOR RANCH 2 WIRE-NAIL
X> operators, $2 50 a day: asbestos miner; 1 6 tie-
hewers. $20; farmer and wife. MURRAY &
READY.634 Clay st. ...' .■■■ .- ' ,-■; ?"■■■ .."
pORTER, $20; PANTRYMAN. $20; 3 COOKS;
— 2 waiters; ironer, $30: man for private resi-
dence. MURRAY A READY, 634 Clay st. -,; ', '
W" ANTED — MIDDLE-AGED MAN WHO
"" thoroughly understands the raising of chick-
ens with Incubators: everything handy and a good
steady place for the right man: also farmers,
milkers, laborers, cooks, waiters and dishwashers.
W. D. EWER & CO., 626 Clay st. ,-
W" ANTED — FIRf*T-CLA~SB ADVERSISING
' » solicitor; must have San Francisco experl-
ence. Apply hotel GAZETTE, 420 Kearny st.
WE* BUSINESS HOUSE OPENING Up IN
±i this city desires good, competent help through
the United States|lndustrlal Agency. Among th«
positions to be filled are the following: Salesman
for dress goods, notions and linings; persons hold*
Ing certificates in this agency competent to fill any
or these positions are requested to call, and those
who are competent who have not as yet filed their
applications in this office are also Invited to do so
at once, as we have a large number of positions to
nil right away. Room 167. Crocker building. This
agency will remove Its general offices to | the Em-
porium building on the first of next month.
MAN WITH SOME CAPITAL, ACQUAINTED
around Mill Valley, will hear of a good busl-
ness proposition by addressing H. C. box 98, Call.
WANTED- YOUNG MAN TO TRAVEL WITH
'» small concert company as treasurer: ' must
have $20 cash. 301 Turk St.. bet. 10 and 12 a. m.,
Monday.
BOY TO PUT UP FLAVORING EXTRACTS;
14 to 16; $3 week. Address M., box 87, Call.
fls9oo PARTNER TO JOIN' IN BUYING
j *-'"* Market-st. cbophouse; no experience
required; sure business. 8. J., box 16, Call Office.
BOY WANTED DRUGSTORE, GEARY AND
Devlsadero sts.
WANTED — APPLICANTS FOR RAILWAY
»» mail clerk and other civil service positions,
examinations for which occur soon in San Fran-
cisco, to write for dates and valuable information '
(free). U. s. Bureau of Information, Cincinnati, O.
W" ANTED— AN INDUSTRIOUS CATHOLIC
" can make $15 per week.' J. N. ODELL, 927
Market st., room 401. •
Good SADDLE-MAKER is wanted at
r once. U. S. Industrial Agency, room 167,
Crocker building.
tir ANTED- FIRST-CLASS MEN TO SOLICIT
orders for custom-made suits at wholesale
prices: city and country. E. H. LEVY, 113 Bush.
W ANTED— DISHWASHER AT 1553 MAR-
" ket st.
WANTED-BOY, 16 TO 18, TO WAIT AT
" table. 524 Sixth st. ■ . ■.•■;"„:.■
MEN TO GO NORTH FOR THE SUMMER.
HERMAN, 228 Pacific st.
AILOR-SHOP FOR RALE CHEAP; LOW
1 rent. W. H. SPROW, 1137 Mission aU
DON'T BE HARD UP-I TOOK MR. COLE'S
advice: took agency for new aluminum goods,
sign letters, door plates, numbers and other spec-
ialties: they are elegant, catchy sellers; customers
delighted; pleasant business; I make $5 to $10
per day; work six hours: no capital. Write World
Mfg Co., \V2, Columbus, O. , .
W" ANTED— MiSN~ AND WOMEN TO WORK
" at home; I pay $8 to $16 per week for making
crayon portraits; new patented method; anyone
who can read or write can do the work at home in
spare time day or evening: send for particulars
and begin work at once. Address H. A. GRIPP,
German artist, Tyrone, Pa. ,..-.
ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
ery st., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not receive their just dues: no charge unless sue-'
cessful ; suits; Superior and Justice Courts. . .- . ■ .
1) ELI ABLE YOUNG MAN TO MANAGE
J-V branch office; salary $1200 per year; refer-
ences and 5450 cash capital required. Address W.
E., box 57, CJI office. •
1.-IOR SALE— ELEGANT BARBER-SHOP: 5
J years' lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
"V r ELLoW FRONT. 635 CLAY ST.; MEALS,
X with coffee or tea, 6 cents. ■ •,
VOR ALASKA: THE BRIG BLAKELEY, 145
-T tons, will leave San Francisco for Cooks Inlet
on March 10, with passengers; each passenger al-
lowed 800 pounds baggage., including rowboaU*
Information regarding mining will be given by a
practical miner who has been there. For further
particulars apply to FRED HOLMES, 606 Bat-
tery st.
X) ARBERS, ATTENTION-TO LKT, Al SHOP;
X> low rent. 406 Castro st, June. Market ana 17th.
"VTEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION. BET.
-1.1 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 50c; week $1 to $2 50; clean, quiet reading-room:
strictest attention to morning calls; open all night.
■EXPERIENCED SHOP-CUTTER ON CLOTH-
XJ ing; others need not apply. 20 Sansome st.
PA NTs (DKUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR SALE
anybody fitted. 618 Market st. ,
BEST MEaL ON EARTH; WELL COOKED: 8
courses, luc, at Seattle Restaurant, 137 Fourth.
"VTEW AND SECOND-HAND SHOES FROM
xi 25c up; men's half soles, 40c. 1003 Mission su
AN EXCEPTIONAL OPPORTUNITY FOR A
thorough business man, 25 to 30 years, with
small capital; must speak Spanish, give first-class
reference and furnish bonds. Address N. A., box
138, Call Office. ■
W"ANTEIJ-~MAN TO OPEN AND HUN A
»T pork-store, delicacies, etc Address P. O. box
63, Berkeley. "
WASTED-SEAMEN; ORDINARY SEA AND
»» green bands for deep-water voyages, whaling.
Apply 117Drnmm, upstairs. PETER McMAHON
TVfEN'S %-BOLING 60c: LADIES' 40c; DONE
■M. while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel.
DO NOT FORGET TO "DO AS YOU WOULD
be done by," and come and see: half-soled in
15 minutes, done while you wait; all repairing done
by machinery; all repairing at half price: work
guaranteed. 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second.
WANTED— MEN AND LADIES TO LEARN
" barber trade:' only 8 weeks required; tools
given and wages paid ■ fox Saturdays and Sundays;
catalogues, a. F. Barber School. 1515 Howard st.
F.N TO SELL MANHATTAN EQU FOOD;
is the best. C. KERTELL, San Mateo.
EN'S SECOND-HAND ,• SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c to $1 25. 662 Mission. - ■ '
IJ ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY- ■
i-> ment secretary. CONRAD TROELL. 667 Clay.
X) ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
XJ retarv Barbers' Asso., 326 Grant aye, a FUCHB.'
1J ARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
X> menu Secy, P. C. am an 238 V O'Farrell.
ELCHO HOUSE, 863>6 .MARKET ST.-
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
WHAT CHEER HOUSE, 629 SACRAMENTO
*» St.; 200 rooms; best In the city single rooms
20 and 26c a night. »1 a week: meals 10c. ." . j
OR THE BEST AND CLEANEST 100 . MEAL
— try l^Vi Grant aye. ; coffee a specialty. ■ - .
KAA MEN TO GET A FINK STILISH, DU-
O\JV rable calf shoe to order, $2 60. 959 Howard.
ffljl TO $4 PER WEEK: 200 SUNNY ROOMS;
<ff>X large reading-room. : New Grand, 246 Third.
ROSED ALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS ST.; ■ ROOMS
20c to 60c night; $1 to $4 week; open all night.
W ANTED— MECHANICS, CLERKS, LABOR-
" era to call if they do not receive their just dues;
law and commercial collections; no | charge unless
successful. KNOX Collection Agency, 10 Sutter st.
'ANTED— LABORERS AND MECHANICS
»» j to know that Ed Rolkln, 1 Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver I House, 217 1 Third st; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week. •■
W INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
" Market; 200 rooms, 25 cents a night; read— e-
room: free bus to and from the ferry. - -■' : , : - ■•
1 MA MEN TO TAKE . LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X\'\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
624 Washington st., near Kearny. v\ ■- ;..:: .' ;
EBT IN CIT SINGLE ROOMS. 16, 20 AND
26 cents per night; tl, $1' 26, $1 60 p«r week.
Pacific House .Commercial and Leldesdorff sts. .
WANTED— MEN TO GET BOTTLE SHARP
» steam be»r. 6c; bottle wine. 6c. ? 609 Clay st. :
1/>REE ■ BEER— TWO • SCHOONERS ; FOR sc;
X also a boui tof lager. sc, at 637 Clay st. " ' ;
rPRY ACME HOUSE, 957, .MARKET , ST M , BE-
' X low Sixth, for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week. .
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
week; rooms for two, 250 a day, $1 60 a week;
reading-room: dally papers. 36 Clay st. -
: houses WANTED. c . ]■-:,■.- .■
ANTED-FOR . RENT ; '■ NOW OR WITHIN
90 days; in Western Addition only: by steady
tenant; modern house standing alone with garden;
Address, with full particulars. Tenant, box 112,
Call Office. --; v ,: ■ r , ■;:-. '.
; '. ;; . ' ; : : BICKCL.ES. VS V-':!'. ■ ' :' ; '
pi RK^DYHjiRT— NEW^WHEKSTTb LETt
X. best accommodations. Terminus Geary, — f
▲Ulster and foweU iv car lines.
, AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED — LOCAL?" AGENT " in " every
» I , town (lady or gent); reference required; must
be satisfied with small salary at first. c Address,
with stamp for reply, Page Manufacturing I Com-
pany, 2iy a Third st., San Francisco. :
WANTED— MEN OF ABILITY AND EXPE-
'» rience as organizers (teachers preferred) for
the business department of an j educational enter-
prise: good references required.' Call at 522, Cen-
tral Bank building, Oakland, bet. the hours of 9
and 12 a. m.
TANDARD BRASS CO. SPECIALTIES FOR
0 all our agents: big money in them;, more
agents -: wanted. Manufacturers' ' Agency, 465
Ninth at., Oakland, Cal. -■»,.-■» *'.-■"? « ,
GENTS— WE HAVE THE ONLY MONEY-
maklng novelties for hard times; - write or
call; our agents are all making money. Alumi-
num Novelty Co.. 110 Sutter st.
FURNITURE WANTED
f_ALONE PAYS 20 PER : CENt" MORE
than elsewhere. for furniture to fill country
orders. 5 Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth st.
ASH PRICK PAID FOR FURNITURE. JA-
COB BCHWERDT, 821 Mission, bet. 4th & sth.
A BSOLUTELY HIGHEST PRICE PAID FOR
xi. second-hand furniture and carpets by i.undy
Furniture Co., 813 Market st.: call or send postal.
, WANTED— »IISCEL.L, AN EOUS.
W^^ANTES^Kcd^B^S^TaTsm^O^2oS)db
gallon water tank. JACOB HEYMAN, room
6, Crocker building.
W ANTED— SECOND-HAND TYPE-WRITING
"' machine. Address R. 8., box 3, Call.
ANTED — JEWELER'S TOOLS: " SECOND-
hand; viz. 1 seat bench, rollers, drawbench,
polishing machine, etc.; state price. Address T.
8., box 77, this office. ,
ECOND-HAND NO. 6 OR'7 BAR-LOCK T YPE-
O^ writing machine. Address S., box 20, Call. ,
WANTED- WINDMILL AND TANK. AD-
dress 3109 Encinal Aiameda.
ANTED— YOUR WATCH, IF IT NEEDS
repairing: best work at half the regular price.
DEUSS, watchmaker, 126 Kearny St., third floor.
ELL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
elry to A. KLEIN. 109 Sixth st.; send postal.
_______
MEDICAL.
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
ment or worthless pills used ; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores ' always In one day; if
you want to be treated safe and sure call on the
well-known DR. POPPER, who has practiced here
for the last 37 years, always with satisfaction, as
experience makes the master; private home in
confinement; call and see me before going else-
where. . DR. POPPER and MRS. DR. SCOTT.
Can be sent and used at home; all cases guaran-
teed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
OST BEAUTY AND SHRUNKEN .BUSTS
restored to natural condition and Improved per-
manently by Mamm.Uene treatment; book for 4c.
P. O. box 2438. San Francisco; Central Pharmacy,
Grant aye. and Sutter St., selling agents. ■ ■
MRS. G. WOOD, MIDWIFE, CURES ALL Dis-
eases of the womb, paralysis, rheumatism,
dropsy, liver and kidney troubles, malaria, cancer,
tumors: cure guaranteed.' 23o Clara st.
rriissuE TABLETS INCREASE YOUR
— weight 3 to 5 pounds a month; cures indiges-
tion and constipation: $1 a box. DR. CARPEN-
TER, 1170 Market st., San Francisco.
KS. Goodwin MAKES A specialty OF
diseases of women and restores all cases of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separate
home for patients : best skill ; medical . attend-
nee: low fees; regulator, $2. 1370 Market si, ..
» HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE.
J\. MRS. DR. FUNK'S, 1416 Eighth st.,Alameda.
R. J. H. JOSSELYN, THE GREAT SPE-
ciallst, still offers his valuable services to the
unfortunate. With a mind matured and enriched
by studies of an advanced order, there is hardly a
disease In the catalogue of human ills he cannot
treat to a perfect cure. His knowledge has been
strengthened by extensive experience. Ladies, no
case peculiar to your delicate organism is beyond
his sure control. His female monthly remedies are
sure and safe In their effects. His tried and valu-
able remedies for lost manhood are never falling in
their action and warranted for both young and old.
He excels all others in the cure of private diseases.
Over 50 years of practice enables him to warrant a
cure in all cases. Consultation parlors. 1320 Mar-
ket St., opposite Odd Fellows' Hall. Direct all let-
ters to box 2275.
I A DIES. CONSULT FKEE MRS. DR. SCOTT.
XJ 216 Powell at.; only qualified specialist; $600
for case I fail to cure; diseases of the eye treated
BLESSING TO. LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar, to
their sex: - latest improved method of treatment:
never falls: perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects ; . never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped immediately: prices to suit
ttie times; home in confinement. Woman's Dis-
pensary. 14 McAllister St., next Hibernia Bank;
consult free. DR. <fc MRS. DAVIS 1 French regu-
lating pills, $2 50. . , ,
I CHJ CHESTER'S ENGLISH PEN-
XJ ny royal Pills (Diamond | Brand) are the best;
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c. stamps for
particulars. "Relief for Ladles," In letter by return
mail; at druggists. ;■ Chicheater Chemical . Com-
pany, Philadelphia, Pa.
LL FEMALE IRREGULARITIES .\ RE-
stored In a few hours; safe and sure relief at
any time; travelers helped at once; home in con-
finement French' pills Kuaranteed: | consult free.
MRS. DR. WEYTH, 916 Post St., near Larkln. -
DR. CAUOHREAN. SPECIALIST— AS I'HJIA,
gravel, male and female diseases successfully
treated: poor treated free Fridays. 1118 Market st.
HOME, A FRIEND AND MOTHER'S CARE;
housekeeping apartments: strictly , private.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
A LPEAU'S FRENCH PILLK-A BOON TO
A ladies troubled with irregularities: no danger;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. ; don't delay
until too late. OSOOOD BROS., Oakland, Cal.
R, HALL, 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAR
;Jones- Diseases of women and children.
ADIES — DAUDET'S : FEMALE REGULA
XJ ting Pills: strongest, safest, best: ■ never fail
$1 per box. WIDBER'S drugstore, 14 Ellis sk,
formerly cor. Market and Third sts.. sole agents.^
A% SU RE CURE~FOR ALL FEMALE DlS-
eases, from whatever cause; a home In con-
finement with every comfort; satisfaction guar-
anteed, by MRS. DR. OWYER. 226 Turk st. ■
\* RS. DR. WEGENEK;- PRIVATE HOME IN
i'l confinement; irregularities cured in a few
hours without operation; pills $2. 419 Eddy st. ■
IF IRREGITLAR OK AN FEMALE DISEASTS
J. see Mrs. Dr. PuttT. and be content. 254 4t_
; EDUCATIONAL.
Y^EsTT^fc^LEXDIN^"^H*6^TIIAND~COIX
lege; individual instruction; 4 months' course;
fifty and evening 326 Montgomery st. *
ADY GIVES PIANO LESSONS, 25c; PU-
pil's home. , Address E.; box 9, Call. .
PANISH. FRENCH AND GERMAN ACADE-
my: Castilian, Parisian and Vienna professors:
3 lessons week; $3 month. Maze build's, room 37.
RS. MELVILLE SNYDER, STUDIO 514
Sntter; teacher vocal music (Italian method),
piano; elocution; dramatic elocution a specialty;
vocal and Shakespearean classes; dancing. ■- -
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. 1707 ■ Market.
/I UITAR, MANDOLIN, PIANO AND VOCAL
VX lessons; s3 mo. MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
AN JO, PIANO AND GUITAR, 50c PER.LES-
son: music furnished. 125 Tenth st. . ■• \-£
ENGLISH BRANCHES TAUGHT: PRIVATE
Xi or class: moderate. MISS DILLON, 305 Larkln.
LOCUTION— DRAMA, DELSARTE. PHYSr.
_i cal culture, voice culture. OLIVE HOFF
SCHROEDER. 299 Hyde st.: call after 1 p. if. ,
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE IMPROVED. :-; 82
Ninth st. * • ' ■ '■■'■■■■'■- :■ '.■' ■.■ -■
INDIVIDUAL INSTRUCTION BOOKKEEP-
X Ing, shorthand, etc Stiehl's College, 723 Market.
ELASCO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
X> Private theatricals arranged ; pupils rehearsed
on stage. ' R. 5 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block, 7th and Mkt.
QCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, ME-
-0 chanical engineering. surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN PER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt.
VIOLIN, MANDOLIN, GUITAR, CORNET
taught. Prof. L. MERKI. 225 Geary treasonable
PaNISH. FRENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
Meisterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell at
BALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand, !
typing, electrical engineer.' ng, telegraphy, modern
languages rapidly taught, * write for catalogue.
V IGHT SCHOOL, BUS. COLLEUE;24
li Post: commercial, shorthand. English: low ra'ei
IOLIN, MANDOLIN, CELLO, BANJO; REA-
V sonable. PROF. FRANCIS, 1045y Valencia.
HEMISTRY AND ASSAYING. CUNNlNG-
hani's School, cor. Geary and Powell sts. ■ ■ -'
___________________
DENTISTS.
ON^ST"^WO^3rrVE^Y^O^VEST^PRICEsT
DR. HARDCASTLE, 628 Montgomery, rm. 1.
ULL - SET-OFTEETH, $7; WARRANTED
1 five years. PR. V. CAVAL3KY. 24 Sixth st.
QET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DR. H.
0 G. YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. :■...
R. - GEORGE W. LEEK, THE GENUINE
Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of Improved bridge work or teetn
without any plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; ; CROWN
bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13 years',
experience. R. L. WALaH, D.D.S., 815% Geary.
1 vR. H. H. SHAW, 224 KEARNY — BRIDGE-
XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
DR. L. T. CRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS.
i crown ( work, bridge I work ■ and I teeth .without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary at., cor. Grant aye. ;
/^ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
y kef bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: ' only reli-
able agent for painless extraction: I artificial teeth
frm $6; fillings frm $1 : extracting 60c. with gas $1.
4117 a set. ix>r. teeth: warranted as
up I good as can be made; filling $1. DR. SIMMS/
dentist, 930 Market su. next Baldwin Theater. -
1 R.-LUDLUM - HILlu ;.- 1 1443 ; ■ MARKET. ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like I new;
teeth from $8 per set: extracting 6()c : gas given.
C^OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
/ ket st. .: DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings;; Sundays till noon.-
IX, WORK ;. REASONABLE ~. AND - WAR-
ranted. DB. J. W. KB 1123 Market su
PERSONALS.
MIDDLE - AGED~mXn~WANTS ""THe"~AC>
■ quaintance of a girl who : is ' willing ■to 1 marry
and assist him in business; proposal being honest,'
applicant must give, character, personal descrip-
tion, right name and address; letters not accepted
will be returned: confidence respected. ' Address
8., box 53, Call Office. ■
LADY 35 WOULD LI KE TO ma tin. i iv. Ac-
J quaintance of a discreet gentleman of means;
object matrimony. Address ■ MRS. LYLE HER-
TON, box 10, Call.
117" ANTED— ADDRESS OF MARY J. DE-
LARY. H. M., box 96. Call Office, Oakland.
ANTED — YOUNG, TALENTED, AMBl-
tious person without means desirous of study-
ing the piano: only serious student apply; gratis.
Address Paris, box 105, call. '
LL PEOPLE SICK OR IN TROUBLE CON-
sult MBS. C. P. FORD, metaphysician. Office,
26 Murphy building. .
EMOVAL SALE -JIMK. MARCHAND'S
Gray Hair Restorer. $1 75 ; 3 for ss; regular
price per bottle $2. Depilatory, $1 35: 8 for $3 90;
regular price $1 50 per bottle." Wrinkleine Cream,
86c. Wrinkleine Paste, 85c per jar: 3 for $2 40;
regular price $1. Creme de la Creme, 40c; 3 for
$1 15; regular price 50c. Tooth-powder, 35c:
regular price 50c. These preparations are indorsed
by our most eminent physicians and chemists;
send for booklet. MME. MARCHAND, hair and
complexion specialist (late of 121 Post), 28 Geary.
A DVICE FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE-
-tx clalty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O.W. HOWE.atty-at-law, 850 Market st
OME TO MY HAIR-DitESSINO PARLORS
once and you will come again, the prices are
so moderate and the work so thorough; 25c for
hair-dressing, includes waving and enameling the
face. G. LEDEREK, 111 Stockton st. -
1 /kftA CARDS, $1 50; SHOW CARDS, 15c;
1 UUU telephone, Black 141. HILL, 22 Geary
St., room 39.
EALTHY BABY FOR ADOPTION. MRS.
DR. FUNKE, 1416 Eighth St., A lame da.
SPANISH, FRENCH AND GERMAN ACAD-
emy: Castlllan. Paris and Vienna professors: 3
lessons a week: $3 mo. 1170 Market St., room 37.
ANCING FOR BALLROOM OK STAGE
taught at IRVINE'S, 927 Mission, near Fifth.
DAG CARPETS WOVE TO ORDER.FOR SALE;
-TV also chenille-wove rugs, silk-rag portieres; deal-
er In carpet twine In hank or chain at lowest rates.
GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth St.. Oakland, Cal.
O AN FKAN CISCO, MARCH 5, 1896— MY WIFE
O Margarita having left my bed and board with-
out provocation. I hereby caution the public I will
not be responsible for debts contracted by her
from this date. ERMINIO PON
JB. L. CASCADE TREATMENT WONDER-
• ful; triumph over disease without medicine;
removes cause. R. JACKS, agent, 214 Brannan.
SUPERFLUOUS hair PERMANENTLY RE-
-0 moved from face or limbs without injury oy
MME. WAMBOLD; consult free. 116Va Fulton.
TNFORMATION WANTED OF THE WHERE-
X abouts of JOHN WM. EUDEY, miner, a native
of England. Address New Wisconsin' Hotel, cor.
Pacific and Montgomery sts.. S. F. t
L>iO OUTDOOR STKREOPIICON SHOW EVE-'
X> ry night cor. Market and Sixth sis.: artistic ad-
ad vertlsements in living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market.
T ADIES' HAIR COLORING GUARANTEED;
XJ superfluous hair removea: bangs and switches
$1 up. MRS. E. H. HUBBARD, 923 Market st.
I/or fine POULTRY AND game go to a.
. J HTRASSER, 78 and 79 Center Market.
PANTS :(DRUMMERS' SAMPLES) FOR
X sale; anybody fitted. ; 518 Market st.
pAK.UIiIU.Va SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructor's, J. H. E. Partington. Gertrude
Partington, R.L. Particulars 424 Pine st
VV r HEN YOU GET YOUR HAIR DRESSED
»" at my establishment you don't pay . extra j for
waving, nor for enameling the face: 25 cents is our
price for making you look beautiful. - G. LEDER-
ER, 111 Stockton st.
p RAHAM'S DETECTIVE AGENCY, 632
VX Market st., r. 8.: quick work; terms reasonable.
RS. STEWART, MANICURE AND CHlROP-
odist: 50c and and $1. 120y Geary st., r. 10.
RAZOR-FIXING OUR SPECIALTY; GRIND-
ing new edge on ' razor, 25c; razor concaved,
60c: razor honing i and setting, 25c; first-class
work. Kazor Exchange. 630 Market st.
f...iU\Ai^l)li. -MILTON J. BOWERS, 124
O'Farrell. Telephone, Bush 21. "
©1 A ROOM: CARPETS CLEANED ON THE
«Ip -L floor. 206 Leaven worth st. '
pHEAPEST AND BEST; GET OUR FIGURES
\J for paper-hanging and painting. Co-operative
Paper-hanging Company, 636 McAllister st. 7" . '
A" "DDRESSED TO THOSE WHO WANT TO I
A; become rich— lnvest your money In Stockton i
(the future Chicago); I will sell you property for
$5 per month. Write to CHARLES PSCHER-
HOFER, 1706 Clay St., S. F.
OURCIUIN'S CAL'A; ASTHMATIC PAPER;
X) instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, SW. cor. Grant aye. and .Sutler ■
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM— WfxT
S~i Chester House. 44 Third St., near Market; 200
rooms, 25c to $1 60 per night; $160 to ftiper
week : tree bus to and from the ferry. ■ ■
1 iili!,l..Ai, ADVANCES ON DIAMONDS, JEW-
XJ elry, etc.: lowest rates. : 948 Market st. ': .
pLOAKS, CAPES AND SUITS RETAILED AT
\J infra' cost. Factory. 20 Sansome at., upstairs.
LD GOLD, SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing hough. COT.MAN. 41 Third St. I
JOitJcSSMAKJKKs.
isS^Er^GIBSONTiDESIGN ER " AND~COS^
turner, just arrived from London, Eng.; latest
styles and perfect fit guaranteed. 1622y Bushst.
UTTS, «2 AND UP; WRAPPERS, 3">c AND
up. 6053,4 Natoma St., bet. Sixth and Seventh.
TYLISH DRESS, $4 50 UP: FIT GUARAN-
teed; fitted a: the house. 404 Geary st.
IRST-CLASS DRESSMAKER WISHES
more engagements by day ; perfect fit guaran-
teed. D., box 7b, Call Office, Oakland.
R~ EMOVED-BBADLEY, TO 410 TAYLOR ST.
XV Elegant stylish suits $5 up: dresses made over.
V O V AN T.-S.
ME?'s^rE\vET?r7~ % ~~~~~~" -~— ~
SEVENTH DAUGHTER
OF THE
SEVENTH DAUGHTER.
This well-known and popular medium has re- I
turned from Los Angeles and • announces to her
old friends and patrons that she is located in hee
old offices, This marvelous woman possesses the
most wonderful clairvoyant powers, pronounced
by our leading thinkers to be the strongest exem-
plification of the occult science on the Pacific
Coast. '.-.".. - ' ■ ' .
Hay*» you quarreled with your husband or wife?
Have you been unfortunate in your business in-
vestments or your speculations proved disastrous?
t Have your mining interests proved unprofitable,
or the races unremuneratlve? If so consult M me.
Stewert. She alone j can remove the evil Influ-
ences and positively assure you a successful future.
• . Unlike many impostors who frequently : Infest
large cities, she has a. reputation augmented by
years of practice and successful predictions. ;
Be you a prince or a pauper, tell her your mis-
fortunes and gain relief and happiness.
Offices 3 and 4, 917 Market st. Cut this out.
AIL TO THE CHIEF ~~ ~~~ !~-
and visit MADAME SAYLOR^he brightest
star in the clairvoyant firmament. Her guides are
of the highest order: | their motto, . Excelsior, and
she as their mouthpiece is ' not swayed by the al-
mighty dollar, she is working for the good of hu-
manity. ■ She is gifted with a wonderful power of
describing your past, present and future and her
advice on business, mining schemes, love and mar-
riage and divorce, if followed, will lead to success.
MME. SAYLOR is also a powerful healing me- !
dium and can treat persons at a distance. . Fee, la- I
dies 26c, gents' 60c. 135 Hayes St., near Van '
Ness aye. Cnt this out; it will not appear daily.
OOF. ZANZIC, THE WHITE MAHATMA !
palmist and clairvoyant : medium, ' 303 Mason
St., tells past, present and future events with ut-
most truth; satisfaction positively ; guaranteed •
sittings— ladies 60c, gents $1. - ■ ..
ME. MOKEAU, BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present and future up. 764 Howard st.
ME. PORTER, CARD- READER; TELLS
past, present, future: ladies 60c, gents' sl;
palmistry, clairvoyant, sittings $1 60. 126 Turk st.
EST CLAIRVOYANT ON EARTH; LADIES
and gents; fee 25c. 206 Fourth st.
RS. B. BAUMAN. THE RENOWNED ME-
dlum and card-reader. . 132 Turk st.
ME. ARNDT,~BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 50c and $1 will show you the nic-
tnre of your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth.
MISS MELVINA, CLAIRVOYANT, PICTURE
Of future husband or wife. 766V2 Howard st.
ME. STEWART the GREATEST C A RD~
reader and clairvoyant In the world ; seventh
daughter; has read cards since 11 years of age: and
mining, lawsuits and- marriage:" ladies or gents
50c. 917 Market St., parlors 3 and 4. <
CAC AND $1. • -;.-..- 50c AND 91.
OU PROFESSOR LEON, ""-'"■
' 6;. 3 POST ST.
Wonderful power to tell the past, present and
future; valuable advice on all affairs: letters witn
stain ps answered : hours, 9to 8, also Sunday. -
ME. KA VENA ■OF ■ 828 HOWARD ST. AN-
nounces to her patrons removal to 5 Fourth, r.
3 and 4; sittings Pally ; tips races ; names given ; 25c.
MM E. DR. THOMAS, SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
er by eggs and cards; tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy; mistake I m-
possible: fee $1 ; letter $2. 929 Post St.. nr. Larkln.
SI'HUTUAi,ISJ*I. ,
A PROF. VAN ; DE VERE. ■'■■■.- ' A
■ A splendid opportunity to consult this famous
medium for a mere pittance. -
'■ If you - would ■■ Know ; : wha : the future holds for
you call without delay. • vice on all matters. -
 PROF. VAN: DE V ERE, . -
■.'■-,■: -. ■',-: ' : ,'. \ ,v. 1646 Market St. k
p YPSY ; MEDIUM— SITTINGS DAILY (SUN-
days Included) ; 25c. 946 Mission; hours 10 to 9.
RJ.J.HULTHEN.CLAIRVOYANT.TRANCE
Itl medium, mineral psychometrist. 1007 Market.
CZEMA. RHEUMATISM. ASTHMA; HAIR
grown on bald heads, and other chronic diseases
treated by W. H. DRUHE, at 1207 Market st., r. 2.
MRS. SEAL, MEDIUM: SITTINGS; TOBACCO
habit cured or no pay: . obsessions cured; dis-
eases of women cured: hrs. 10 to 8. ■24 6th, rm. 8.
85.. J.J.» WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; sittings $1. 18 Stockton st.
COLNTKY KEAXjKSXATi«^___
O'FARRELL & CO., DEPARTMENT.
DAVID BOSH, COUNTRY DEPABTME-> 1.
11 MONTGOMERY faT.
Alive orchard-the . most TOO^j
AJ hie of all industries; :75 acres: l m ' le J™£
Kenwood and 2 miles from Glen 0D , 0 ;
ma County 2600 olives, choicest varieties, in
bearing; 1500 French prunes. 7 years oia,
bearing: 250 Mtur peaches: family ore hard
of 200 trees: balance of land pasture and roil
Ing. well wooded ;6-room house; fine barn,
24x48; man's house, chicken-houses; all
fenced and cross-fenced; artesian water, with
horse power, and cement reservoir of 10. 000
gallons; 1800 feet piping to house and
barn and grounds; all the tools and stock go
with the place, : which is a beautiful and
healthful one, accessible Dy 2 lines of rail-
road, and is the cheapest buy in tne State, as
olives pay better than anything grown in the
State. Price $10,000, on easy terms. _ p
©I O f\CU\ A BARGAIN: 119 ACRES, 1
<ThlZ. [)[)\L mile west of depot, at Najia.on
county road to Browns Valley ; 30 acres culti-
vated, 6 acres in cherries, balance of the land
handsomely wooded pasture arid grain land
with plenty of watir; good hard-finished
house of rooms, with all modern city im-
provements; fine barn, with box stall •• car-
riage-house, servants' cottage and chicken-
bouses; water from springs piped to reservoir
of 137,000 gallons, capacity; wood on place
is live oak: splendid soil; will grow anything
« 4^PF:R ha Tc R r^ y rD^NISTRATOR'S
tlpTiD sale- 217 acres, IV2 miles from Cloverdale,
Sonoma County; 33 acres bearing wine
grapes, family orchard of 3 acres, 20 acres
bottom land, balance rolling and hilly; plenty
wood and water; pay to clear; oak wood ;
frame house 5 rooms: barns andoutbuim-
inas; water piped to house and barn; Deauti-
ful location: easy terms. ,„_,_. .
TOO ACRES FOR EX« HANGE. ON HOWELL
100 Mountain, Napa County: 30 acres bearing
vineyard of resistant vines: about 10 acres
In prunes, balance pasture and timber land ;
cottage of 5 rooms and bath: good barn; ail
fenced and cross-fenced: plenty of water.
Qf\ ACRES FOR EXCHANGE, IM} MILES
O\J from Sebastopol, all out in orchard: fine
house, barn and improvements; all stock ana
■ tools: price $6000.
5 ACRES FOR $2000.
10y 2 acres for $3000.
21 acres for $5500. ,
All in full bearing orchard; near Sebastopol,
' Sonoma County. ■'i : «vn 1
©"I OP; AN ACRE: 1920 ACRES. BEING
tjpX.ZO sections 1, 13 and 23. in township 2b
south, range 30 fast, Kern County; good
grain and pasture land; well watered; a bank
foreclosure. • ■ „_„
©in/if 1 WILL BUY 600 ACRES GOOD
TjpIUUU meadow land; well watered; will grow
alfalfa: in Kern County, about 6 miles from
'. - 'Glenville.
©9AA WILL BUY 40 ACRES OF LAND IN
HT/Li\)\J Murray Township, Alanifda County.
©I OAA WILL BUY. 80 ACRES OK LAND,
*JP±ZUU 21/2 miles NE. of Jolon Postofflce,
Monterey" County: 40 acres under cultiva-
tion; 20 acres more suitable for cultivation;
balance hilly with plenty of wood: good fruit,
wheat, hay and pasture land; nearly new 4-
-1 room dwelling: barn for 2 horses; well of
water; great bargain. •■' : ' ___
<2> A PER ACRE— 44O ACRES, 8 MILES HE.
tjptt of San Migusl, In Monterey County, near the.
line; all fenced and cross-fenced; house and
2 barns- 100 acres cultivated, balance rolling
land covered with oak timber; water from
springs; troughs for cattle.
•pDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.
REAL ESTATE DEALERS.
SACRAMENTO AND SAN FRANCISCO.
Of AA A A very LITTLE CASH required
tlr^UUv. as first payment: 20 acres near Mer-
ced, with 7 acres in fruit, 7 acres in vineyard and
the balance alfalfa land; all under irrigation : good
8-room house, barn, chicken-house, etc. ; fln« well
of water; good location.
C^TAAA 36 ACRES: ONLT 5 MINUTES'
tjp I UUU. walk from Madrone station, Sonoma
County. 16 acres in bearing orchard. 15 acres in
grain: fine house of 9 rooms; large barn, outbuild-
ings, etc.; good well and mountain spring water;
some personal property included;, adjoining the
above is 147 acres of fine loam .soil; 16 acres
cleared and planted to grain, the balance heavily
timbered; all fenced; numerous springs; price
$4500.
dl» T QAA 22 ACRES, 4 MILES FROM NAPA
tJ)XOUU. City; 2 acres in full bearing and 18
acres in young orchard: some scattering oak tim-
ber; living stream of water on one side; spring
water piped to the house, which has 4 rooms; fair-
sized barn; easy terms of payment.
EDWIN K. ALSIP & CO.,
9 Rotunda, .Mills building,
San Francisco.
RANGE LANDS. ~~
RANGE LANDS.
BARGAIN PRICES.
BARGAIN PRICES.
$70 PER ACRE. J"2S=3fe;
SIX ANNUAL PAYMENTS. -»~»C^\
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
ORANGE-BLOSSOM COLONY.
OAKDALE, STANISLAUS CO., CAL.
A 10-acre orange grove makes a nice home and
at the same time a good investment: it will cost
yon unimproved $700, ' planted and cultivated
$1750; about $300 cash, balance in five annual
payments: no interest; the trees nlanied on this
property will beein bearing in about 3 years, and
the fourth and fifth years will be paying large re-
turns. ' . ;.. ■ . .
We have an experienced horticulturist in charge
of the colony who will care for resident own-
ers' properties very reasonably. *, ■
' For further particulars, maps and circulars ap-
ply to EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market St., San Francisco,
Or F. T. KNOWING, our representative, Oakdale,
Cal. ' . ' .:.
AN EXTRAORDINARY OFFER.
n AC ACRES SEDIMENTARY LOAM, 32
DUJ miles out, with depot of 4 railroads and
steamboat landing thereon; freight to this city 75
cents per ton; will sell as a whole for $70 per acre
or will subdivide.
, A NEAT ORANGE AND LEMON HOME.
In the rich &l Capon Valley, near San Diego; 20
acres, of which fifteen are in fruit, bearing; all sub-
irrigated: neat cottage 4 rooms; all stock and
tools: to close an estate: very cheap.
1 i*iy ACRES, ONLY $10 PER ACRE: 40
JLO«£ miles out: 21/2 miles from station; never
failing stream; good porn and fruit land. '
4 ACKES, THIS CITY, 4% MILES FROM
City Hall; good land; $350 per acre. . -
HUGH SHIELDS, 602 Market St., Crocker Bldg.
SrABLJSHED .........16 YEARS.
Xli N. D. (SICKELS
THE
LAND AGENT. , .
SALE AND EXCHANGE of country property a
strict specialty (3000 propositions); 1 most reliable,
■:.'-:■; lates. and
Best systematized LAND OFFICE In America.
620 Market St., opp. Palace Hotel, San Francisco.
FOR SALE OR EXCHANGE — SPLENDID
dairy,' stock and hog ranch on the bay near the
city; everything complete. C. : HENDERSON,
304 Montgomery st.
EADQUARTERS FOR WATSONVIL.LE
LAND. V '
■ The home of the sugar beet, apple, hop, straw-
berry, raspberry and vegetable; no irrigation re-
quired; ■* send for catalogue. . R. P. QUINN, 53
Chronicle . building. San Francisco, or Watson-
ville. .. ; ■
■A(\ ACRES; LEVEL; SHASTA COUNTY; IM-
■~x\J provements; 3500; $100 cash. 269 Perry st.
OR . SALE — ON reasonable*
terms, the following property: 116.28 acres on
the Watsonville . road, two miles south of Morgan
Hill; ail in French prunes. 3 years old. 42 acres
near Evergreen: 3000 French prunes, from 4 to 6
years old : ; balance in wine grapes, best variety.
About 700 acres in Santa Cruz County, near Eccles
Station, on the narrow-gauge railroad. Finely im-
proved property on the corner of Eleventh and St.
John streets, in San Jose. The whole or any part
of the foregoing property will be sold at a low
figure to responsible ■ parties. For information
apply at 13 South First st., rooms 1 and 2, up-
stairs. San Jose. C. C. SMITH.
A SH U RST. COLON . •
•t\- At Ashurst you have an opportunity to pro-
cure a home that will be self-sustaining, attractive
and profitable, and on terms better than have ever
before been offered. We have our own homes in
this colony and are determined to surround our-
selves with neighbors who wish at once to have
schools and churches and reading-rooms in our very
midst. - We have every facility for a grand. devel-
opment. We make It possible for all who are en-
terprisin.g thrifty and industrious to make with ua
homes of comfort and abundance. Address -
: ' ASHURST COLONY,
Boom 10. Mills Building. S. F.
BEAUTIFUL AND. HIGHLY IMPROVED
X» home In Santa Ana Valley, Orange County, be-
tween range and Santa Ana, 23/2 miles; 40 acres;
first-class land; 32 acres in son-shell walnuts: 8
acres alfalfa: family orchard, house and buildings,
plot flowers, etc; artesian well, ample to irrigate
the whole; good house and dwellings; the prop-
erty said to be worth $10,000. but a misfortune in
the : family.: calls • them to the city; will sell or ex-
change for a good home in this ciiv or Oakland for
$8000. ALBERT E. CRANE, 410 Montgomery.
"117" ANTED— A RELIABLE, WELL-RECOM-
IiT mended farmer-tenant : for a 200 acres good
level ranch at Woodside, San Mateo County; take
charge M once; crop this season volunteer hay and
rammer fallow 1 3 the rancu;place suited for dairy;
has now 7-roomed bouse: close to school. Apply to
L. AI.TSCHUL, 320 Clay st., S. F. Terms liberal.
I MILK HOMES ; CLOSE TO TOWN; IM- '
Ji proved; eimv terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acre
pieces on S and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with smalt house, etc. : D. H. TWING, Sonoma
City. Inquire 682 Market st. S. F.
MAUIN COUNTY-5000 ACRES 26 MILE 3
from San Francisco. * ■_--: ;'■:
. -.'- '■■; Rancho de Novato. •■; '
Tracts rut any size desired; fruit, grain and
vegetable land, no Irrigation; both rail and water
transportation; $40 to . $75 uer acre; terms made
to suit; send for circular. '
v Improved dairy farms for sale with cows. ■
SYNDICATE ; INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building. ;..  ■
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES'
O for sale. WOOSTER & t WHITTON. San Jose.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
-A. WEEKLY, CALL, in wrapper, for mailing. •
AXTOBNEYB-AT-LA W; { ;'
jTN(H^ETC^vmjRI<E^TT^AW; 719
. Market st. advice free. '.■■• ,- . _. . v
A DVICE FREE— DIVORCE LAWS A ' SPECI-
xx alty; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc at-
tended to. G. HOWE, att'y-at-law. 850 Market.
m J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR
I X . law: advice free. ,;; 24 Sixth st., rooms 14, 15.
• W - W. DAVIDSON, ATTORNKY-AT-LAW.42JI
• California it., ma 14-11; adTic* &•»"« .^7.CITY REAL ESTATE.
(1 H. UMBSEN~dTcoT r~~~r ~™~~
T.
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. RENT COLLECTORS
AND AUCTIONEERS.
Office and Salesroom,
14 Montgomery st., near Market
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate Records, i
which contains a list of properties for sale in all :
parts of the city.
REFEREE'S SALE AT OUR SALESROOM
TO-MORROW.
MONDAY, March 9, 1896, at 12 o'clock
noon. (1) improvements consisting of 2-story
house of 9 rooms, windmill, stable, etc.. and lot
60x134:3. on the W. line of Eureka St., No. 413,
distant 28 :4 feet south of Ocean-house road or 21st
fit. (2) No. 24 Hunt St.. north side, 120 feet Nt..
of 3d. between Mission and Howard. 2-story house
of 9 rooms In 2 flats: rent $23; lot 20x75. ,
IMPROVED PROPERTY AT PRIVATE SALE.
BARGAINS.
DOWNTOWN BUSINESS CORNER.
3S9Q AAA. SUBSTANTIAL S-STORY
O-O.UUU. brick building »nd lot 37:9x80.
COZY MISSION COSTAGE.
CjQOfin ELIZABETH ST.-A BEAUTIFUL
*il.*J\J\J\J. bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and i
bath, etc.; brick foundation; stone walks; lot
25x80.
GOOD INVESTMENT ON OAK ST.
Wlfl 7^n REDUCED FROM $12,0004-
-*cIJ-"'c IJ - "' • O\J. substantial bay-window flats: brick ;
foundation, etc. ; rent. $69: lot 27x130 to rear
street; both streets accepted.
FINE MISSION RESIDENCE; CORNER,
QTxnn mission WARM belt — nice,
tip I DUu, modern and nearly new bay-window
residence of 8 rooms ad bath; all modern im-
provements and conveniences; lot 30x96:6.
FAIRMOUNT.
<iIQ^A BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE OF 6 1
<J*-<J<J\J. rooms and bath— large lot, 30x80.
COR INVESTMENT NR. MONTGOMERY AYE'
QQAAA CORNER ON GREENWICH ST.—
♦_ «'UUU. 5 flats and 2-story house; rent, $85
per month; lot 60x49:60.
COTTAGE, NR MARKET AND GUERRERO.
QOAAA CLINTON PARK— SUBSTANTIAL
(JOUUU, bay- window cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; brick foundation, etc., etc.
A BARGAIN ON CALIFORNIA STREET.
Ql A 2 S-STORY BUILDINGS: RENT
•JIU.UUU. $117, brick foundation, etc.; large
lot. 54:4i0x137:6, with I. 34:4 y 3 x37 :6.
ELEGANT PACIFIC HEIGHTS RESIDENCE. |
QIO CAA WASHINGTON ST.— CONTAINS :
• I — .UUv". 14 rooms and 2 bat etc., etc.: |
lot 32x103:10; unsurpassed and unobstructed j
marine views.
COZY MISSION HOME.
QAA SANCHEZ ST. - BAY-WINDOW
i?^Qy'yi . cottage of 5 rooms and bath and base- j
ment; lot 25x85.
CORNER STORE PROPERTY.
pORNER, NEAR 23D AND VALENCIA |
\J sts.; substantial building; store and 4 rooms ;
and bath, and upper flat of 7 rooms and bath; rent :
$30; tot 27x79.
REAL BARGAIN ON GOLDEN GATE AYE.
QKQAA 2 FLATS AND COTTAGE; XX.NT ;
CUt/UU. ?38; front part of lot vacant: 3 flats |
would make very fine investment: lot 27:6x137:6. i
NORTH BEACH INVESTMENT.
S7A.AA VALLEJO ST. : 2 3-STORY HOUSES
%. I \J\J\J. in several tenements; rent $70.
WESTERN ADDITION FLATS.
< IMKi STEIN ER ST.; 2 FLATS AND'
O"-ttJU\J. house; rent $42; lot 27:6x110.
UNIMPROVED.
$700— Kansas st. : 40x100.
$3800— Bargain on McAllister St.; 25x137:6.
$1800— on Diamond St.; 30x90; easy |
terms.
$300— silver Heights: '-'"\lOO.
$1100— Sanchez s:. : 86x105.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
TV ILL £. Jr'ISHER cfc CO.,
>> K£AL ESTATE AGENTS
AND GENERAL AUCTIONEERS,
14 POST ST.
HOUSES RENTED:
RENTS COLLECTED:
INSURANCE PLACED;
PROPERTY CARED FOR.'
RICHMOND. RICHMOND. RICHMOND.
WE HAVE THE LARGEST AND CHOICEST
» LIST OF LOTS IN RICHMOND.
From $300 to $1000.
t£?rAA ASIDE OF B ST., RET. 22D AND |
<£)tJ\j\J. 23«1 ayes.; ouprade; $£5 ticwu, ?5 ptr j
qZV'Zk A 20x100, ON 7TH AYE., NB. POINT '
0 I >>yJ. Lobos.
(-jO' DOWN. ?5 PE it MONTH: LOTS ON
«£— <-* line of sutro Railroad : large lots, 25x120.
SOUTH OF THE PARK.
QAZfI.4 BLOCKS FROM THE PARK: I
f^>rttJ\J. ready to build en; easy terms; only a i
few left.
; WESTERN ADDITION. v
CjQAft IN TRACT SW. COR. übarY AND
$«7VV. Williamson sts.; $25 down; $5 per
month.
Q. A '- A - CHOICE 25-FOOT LOTS ON DE I
1I" >O\J . Long aye., Dear Frederick st.
/..;/• AAA S.V. COR. DEVISADERO AND I
tJiU.UUU. Grove sts.; a 50-vara lot.
MISSION.
QOXA FLORIDA ST., NEAR 20TH.
01A A A LOTS ON VICKSBURG ST., NEAR
CiUl'U. 23d.
Oft 1 *)()() BRYANT ST.. NEAR 24TH.
©1 fICA* LOTS IN BLOCK 24TH, FOLSOM
OlDI". and 25th sts.; street work all done;
cheapest lots in the Mission.
IMPROVED.
q'o'a elegant modern cottage
fjjs«J— «JU. on Baker St.. near Washington; 6
rooms and bath: cost $4090 to build; no reason-
able offer refused.
Qft AAA HERMANN ST.. NEAR BC-
rwvUv. chanau: modern residence.
S7^AA CHEAP INVESTMENT? 27:6x120
*j5 1 O\J\J. to roar street: Turk St.. near Polk;
substantial house of 9 rooms and bath: rent $50.
flfcQA (\f\f\ ELEGANT CORNER FOR
•yjyjyj. business; east of Larkln and
south of California; old improvements.
House 3 and lots for sale in all parts of the city.
Call for lists.
WILL E. FISHER & CO.,
Real Estate Aeents, ;4 Post st.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
REAL ESTATE BROKERS
t AND FINANCIAL AGENTS,
108 MONTGOMERY ST.
BARGAINS.
C'QI KA JACKSON ST., NR. BAKER; 25x
«*jsO±ou. 127:81/4: good locality for flats: would
. rent ell ; a cheap lot.
Cm A QAA MUST BE SOLD: NW. CORNER
rli.Wv- Height and Broderick s:s.; 55x
137:6; with L 82:6 feet deep on
Broderick st.: 3 splendid lots; corner
is Improved with 2-story modern
residence; 10 rooms, bath and base-
ment; first-class condition: heaters
and all conveniences: «cod substan-
tial stable on Broderick st.; brick
foundation ; street work all done and
accepted.
£• 1 PiAA EASY TERMS; BTH AYE., NR. D,
£* 1OU I . Richmond; 23x120; street work done.
ru a nrA WANTS AN OFFER; BAKER NR.
f^ i X^mU\J. Greenwich; 24x94: good modern im-
~ provemenrs: store and flat; cable-
cars in front rents $35 per month;
street work done.
S*nrjrf\ DEVISADERO-ST. INVESTMENT
£D I O". in the business portion; lot 27:6x100:
cottatre of 7 rooms, renting for $660:
could be made a store.
C«/f"AA MUST BE SOLD; ENTIRE BLOCK
C^OUU. south of park; 240x600; good loca-
tion.
\\' ANTED— SAN FRANCISCO RESIDENCE
'» or residence Jot i i. 'Western Addition In ex-
change for Oakland business property, worih
57500. free of mortgage; but a very snon distance
from the City Hall, and has two frontages, 56x118
deep Improved with bay-window 2-story resi-
dence '0 rooms, bath, large basement and attic:
also stable for 2 horses and carriage; street work a!l
done and accepted: some mortgage would be as-
sumed; inquire aboat this without fall.
MCAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montgomery st.
DOTKEBO LOTS AT AUCTION BY CENTER
1 A: SPADER, 30 Montgomery St., Tuesday,
March 10, at 12 o'clock. . •■ V-
R ia£l§T clXS^co.,
" C- 333 MONTGOMERY ST.
RICHMOND DIBTRICT CASH BARGAINS.
1 sutro Heights. Point Lobos, Cliff House and
4 1st aye. ; choice lots on electri-car line,
a '<;oO-Fo;nt Lobos avenue, firsts l;is< corner lot-
KiSt J «. l J^Ho»2S°:na ayes, fine
Jst 6th, Btb, 12th and 32d aye. lots, near butro s
pipfirir-furllne* ready for Improving.
5?560-Cernaf Hel-nts: Gift Map lots, near Cort-
land aye.: school and cars. „, Heights, near
seiKcl-st. bnlldlng lots; Bernal Heighti, . near
CortJand aye.; cheap.. ■ p
DX BOOM TRACT,' ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
MISSION ST., OPP. ST. MARY'S COLLEGE.
L'-ls $400 AND UP. m ,'_ imMrM t
Kit MONTH: SO gJTK^KT
I SIS BUILT ON INSTALLMU-HT.
OFFICE ON THE TRACT.
oii.s BVERYDAY.' ' '
• March 10, at 12 o'clock, 30 Montgomery St. -
fr,,,,**.'' CHBAP HOME- GOOD CHICKEN
$0 < 5. placefel.ctrucars; Install. 63_SbotvvelI.
' tPOK 8 \LK— NEW HOUSE ~' OF 9 BOOM S ;
JT modern. improvements: concrete foundation,
can oe used us I flats. 1611 Waller St., near Park, j
CITY REAL ESTATE. •
MADISON & BURKE, REAL ESTATE
Agents; established 1858: 626 Market st.
SW. COR.VAN NESS AYE. AND O'FARRELL
St.; 120 on Van Ness a ye. by 178 In depth; 3
frontages. MADISON & BURKE.
mURK ST., NEAR JONES; FLATS AND
1 house, renting for $90 per month ; offered very
low; in perfect condition.
PARK RESIDENCE: FELL ST., NR. LOTT;
18 rooms and bath: all modern conveniences;
26x137:6; only $7250. MADISON & BURKE.
/CHOICE BONUS RESIDENCE OF 10 ROOMS,
\j bath, attic and basement: all improvements,
heater, etc.; Steiner, bet. California and Sacra-
mento; lot 26x106:3. MADISON <fc BURKE.
(m^'An WASHINGTON, NEAR DEVISA-
tT>O«)"". dero— 7 rooms and bath : . conserva-
tory; lot 25x127:8. MADISON & BURKE.
a, 'Ann baker, near sutter : 2
«JpOUUU. flats; rents $38: lot 25x72:6.
CL'PAAA PAGE, NEAR BRODERIPK; REBI-
tJOUUU. dence of 7 rooms and bath: lot 25x
87:6. MADISON & BURKE.
C? £ AAA * FLATS: STEVENSON ST.. NEAR
»^OUUU. Ridley: rents $44; lot 26x77:&
street accepted. MADISON & BURKE.
CM QAA HILL, NEAR CHURCH; NICE
£11 OUU. home; 25x114; cottage, 4 rooms.
(-.-I r-rrn. REDUCED; RENTS $24 PER
»> _LuOU. month : Le Roy ■ place, near Sacra-
mento and Leavenwonh sts.; lot 22:6x80.
r>nr/y 6 ROOMS AND BATH; RENTS $12;
«3>oOU. Potrero, near Union Iron Works; lot
25x65.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
$15.000— Capp and 19th: corner: 125x122:8.
$5500— Washington, corner Lyon; 31 :3xl00.
$4500— 24 th, NX. cor. Vicksburg: 50x114.
$4000—65x117:6; SE. cor. Sanchez and 23d.
$3500— Steiner, near Pine: 25x103.
J3500— Baker, near Jackson; 27:8x110.
" 52250— Cheap; Clay, near Baker: 25x105.
12-400— Castro, cor. Elizabeth: 26:6x105.
"-'oo— Lyon. near Grove; 25x100.
$2050— Ridley, near Scott: 25x117:6.
$1803— Nog, near 18th: 25x110.
$1350— Mission, near 32d: lot 25x111.
$1360— Jessie, nr. Hermann: 25x77:6; part cash.
1300— 19;h. near Sanchez: 25x114.
fc?anebez, cor. Valley: 26:6x100; $1250.
$500— Minot, near California aye.; 25x70.
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
A. H. LISBAK. O. F. YON RHIIS,
OF. YON RHEIN & CO., REAL EBTATE
. Agents, Auctioneers and House Brokers, 613 !
California street.
Corner Clay and Stockton; 69:8x68:9; Chinese
stores; rents $142 50.
Stockton, nr. Clay; 55:10x08:9: Chinese stores;
rents $45.
$ i ■-•.tXMl— Page, near Gough, to Rose aye.: 27 :6 x
120; - flats in front and 2 In rear: rent« $76.
$14.000— Howard, bet. Ist and 2d; 41:8x85; 2
houses: rents $45. .
$5000— Leavenworth and Lombard; 40x97:6; I
Dew bay-window cottage, 8 rooms and bath; cash '
$1000; balance at purchaser's convenience. '
$10,500— Francisco.near Stockton : 45:10x137:6; j
4 houses and 2 rear houses; 24 rooms: rents $82.
I.ooo— Pu?e, near Octavia; 27x120 to Lily
aye.: 2-story flats; 15 rooms and 2 baths; rents
$60. " .
$10,000— Pine and Pierce; 24:6x87:6 fine resi- |
dence. 12 rooms aud bath.
(Hi— Kissling, near 11th and Howard; 47x80; i
4 flats. *
$8000— O'Farrell, near Jones: 22:68:9; 2-story
house: 7 rooms and bath: rent $36: offer wanted.
*8000— Howard, near 23d: 62:4x122:6; 2-story
residence, 8 room* and bath.
i*SooO— Folsoni, near 16th; 60x101; 3-story
house: 20 rooms; rents $56.
$7000— O'Farrell, near Hyde: 23x90; 2-story
house. 7 rooms and bath; rent $35.
57000— Jessie, near 4th; 25x70; 2-story house,
saloon, etc.
$7200-r-Laguna, near California; <SOxllO; CQt-
tage, 7 rooms and bath.
$7000— Oak, near Laguna; 27:6x120 to rear
street: 2-story house, 7 rooms and bath; rents
$32 50.
$6500— Mason, near Post; 18x55; 2-story house :
7 rooms and bath; rents $31 50.
$6500— Mission, near 24th; 21:6x117:6 to an
alley ; store and fiat above.
$5200— Vallejo. near Leavenworth : 43:9x137:6:
w o front and one rear house; 16 rooms and bath;
rent* $46.
$5000-Broderlck and Clay; 27:6x100; 2-story
house; 6 rooms and bath.
$6000— Francisco st. and Worden place, near
Stockton; 25x68:6; n-story house: butcher-shop
ana 'I rooms, ana upper hat, 6 rooms and bath;
rents 539.
$4500— Green, near Lacuna; 23:7x100: nice 2-
story bay-window residence; 8 rooms and bath.
Guerrero, mar 21st; 28x9'--*6; cottage, 5
poi:« and bath.
!?it'GO — Stockton, rear Union: 20x57:6 to rear
street: sum and flat above: rents $29.
i*3 Boo— Vallejo, neHrKearny: 20x60 throughto
Hinckley o'.ley: 2 flats on Vallejo at., 3 flats on
Hlnckiey alley; total rent $44.
$3360— Vallejo and San Antonio, near Kearny;
19.6x57:6: 3-story flats; rents $25.
$3300— Laricin, " bet. Filbert and Greenwich; 2-
story house: 7 rooms and bath; rent $27 60; easy
terms: 22:8x99. % '-
$3250— 2 d aye., near Clement st. : 25x88:6; new
bay-window cottage: 5 rooms and bath; cash
«1100; balance easy terms. *-
Cottaee— Larkin. near Chestnut; unobstructed
marine view; $1200 casn, balance same as rent;
27:6x110.
Salmon, near Pacific; 20x60 toHlmmel-
mun place; front and rear house, 11 rooms; rents
$30.
Natona. near Ist; 23x75; 3 flats, 13
rooms: rents $32. I
$2500— John, near Mason and Jackson ; 22:11 x
60: 2-Gtory flats: 8 rooms: rents $28; cheap.
Fairmount Tract; Arlington, near Mi-
guel: 28x108; $250 cash, balance to suit pur-
chaser; cottage, 4 rooms.
UNIMPROVED.
Valencia, near 25th-st. railroad station; 61x
117:6 to an alley.
Dolores, from 27th to Army ; 3 lots on 27th and
6 lots on Dolores.
California, near Hyde: 27:6x137:6.
$4250— Pace, near Lamina; 25x120 to Lily aye.
fkl67s—23ci and Kansas: 25x100.
$3200— Dolores, near 29th; 50x75.
$2000— 25 th, near Noe; 60x114; will subdivide.
$1600— Stanyan, near Grattan; 26x80, increas-
ing to 110 depth.
$1200— Cor. B and 25th aye.; 60x188.
$1000— Homestead, near 25th; 60x250 through
to Kllen.
$1000— Homestead, near 24th; 60x125; will
subdivide.
$1000— Edith or Church place, near Dupont st. ;
20x65 to roar street. - ' .
8900— Hancock, bet. Sanchez and Noe: 25x114.
$800— Park Lane Tract; 2 lots, block R, Serpen-
tine road.
$500— Excelsior Homestead; London, near Rus-
sia; 50x100: will subdivide. ' -- ' ■
3 MODERN 4, 5 AND 6* ROOM COTTAGES,
with bath and basement.  - ' :
♦
NOW BEING BUILT ON THE HEYMAN
TRACT.
Make it an object to see them.
You will want one yourself.
Terms.s3oo down, balance $25 monthly, includ-
ing interest, for 5-room cottage; $200 down for 4.-
-room cottage and $20 monthly.
Ail street work done.
Lots are level and command grand view.
Lots north ana south of park from $100 . u.p on
easy monthly payments.
Building lots in different parts of the city on $10
monthly payments. ;7.~;:.
Take Mission-st. car and transfer at 22d St.; or
| Castro-st. car to 23d St., direct to the property.
.1 as. a. COTTER, resident agent on tract, will
show you all around.
JACOB HEYMAN, Owner,
Room 5, Crocker building, Post and Market sts.
j "iRCTIC OIL" WORKS EMPLOYES LOOK OUT
' ■A. for the sate of l'otrero lots at auction Tuesday,
March 10. CENTEr'. & Sl'A.-Krt. '60 Montgomery. |
ONTGOMERY AYE., BK I . UK KEN AND
Union— Large lot; 40 feet front; fine business •
! location; full particulars at ofiice. .
'■ $5000— Natoma st., near 6th; lot 26x80; 2 flats
! in frout, and house of 4 rooms in rear; rents $45;
I very good buy; income sure.
3d aye.. California aud Lake sis.— E. side;
: fine kit, 25x20: neighborhood fast building up.
ROBERT J. MERCER & SON; 410 Pine st.
&qQA7SrioSS~TitEAT AYE., NEAR 23
►pOOUU, st.; nearly n»w comfortable bay-win
I dow residence of 7 rooms and bam : contains every
| modern improvement; good stable; terms, $60J '
cash, balance .s3o per month: see It immediately.
•| 081 v .'.• Mi . .'. i.i.Y. 680 Market st. •
15J1 'JCA NEW COTTAGE WITH BATH,
; *]pI«>»JU. for large family; easy terms if re-
quired; 3 car lines: 14 minutes from City Hall
I also 2 choice lots, 120, near J or X street and
■ 47th aye., $90 each; don't purchase houses, cot-
: tacae, k<ts or blocks, until you find out how cheap
! I can soil. J. T. HARRIS, 632 Market st.
O YOU WANT TO BUY A LOT NEAR YOUR
work? Don't forget th« sale of l'otrero locs on
Tuesday next at 12 o'clock at auction by CEN-
TER & SPADER, SO Montgomery st.
L. BRESSK & CO., '■ ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
HOUSE AND INSURANCE BROKERS,
• 412 PINE ST.,
.. NEVADA BLOCK BUILDING.
TELEPHONE MAIN 6456. .
Call at our office and get a list of properties fcr
sale and houses to let. ■
Y(;l" WANT TO BUY A LOT NEAR YOUR
work? ' Don't forget the sale of Potrero lots on
Tuesday next, at. 2 o'clock, at auction, by CEN-
TER <fc SPADER, 30 Montgomery st.
L OR SALE— ONE OR TWO LOTS ON FALCON
JT- and Twenty-second st. at your own price. Call
at 865 Mission at. -.':■,
17OR SALE-CHEAP, LOT 25x125, NEW COT-
-1 tage: 6 rooms:, all modern •Improvements;
Diamond' St., near 18th; rented $16 per month.
App'.y 412 22d st.
"(J. I A A WILL SECURE a NEW BAY-WlN-
*4p IA/t ' v dow cottage; modern Improvements;
basement; lot 25x100; Broderick St., near liaight.
Apply LHO Mission st.
BEST VIEW ON EARTH FROM POTRERO
lots to be sold at auction 'l'u«-s lay. March 10, at
12 o'clock, by CENTER <fe SPADER, 30 Mont-
gomery st. ' '/ " ' •■' \
BARGAIN — LOVELY 2-STORY HOUSE; 7
rooms; bath, laundry; nicely papered; wooden
mauU-ls; fin view; N\V. of Park: $3300; part
cash, balance easy terms. > C. 8., 585 Sacramento.
CIHKAP FOR CASH ; HOUSE 5 ROOMS: 4
V lots. Cor. Crescent and Bank bis. (Holly Park).
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
------- city real, estate.
O'fXrRELL «fc VXX, ' ~:~~ ':'.-':"/'''"■'*
REAL ESTATE AGENTS. HOUBEBROKER,S
AND AUCTIONEKRS,
' ,11 montgomery ST.
qj7aaa probate sale; MAKE offer:
«p I \J\J\J. Washington st., near Dupont; rented
to Chinese lor *83 per month.
Ci^AAA, WEBSTER STREET; PACIFIC
«IpUUUU. Heights: magnificent view; nearly
new 2-story house of 8 rooms and bath; worth
$8000: sold at this low figure to make Immediate
sale; close to Paclfic-ave. .cable and Fillmore-st.
electric-cars.
<&. AA JACKSON - ST. CORNER, PRE-
tIDOUUU. sidio Heights; sold to close an estate;
make an offer. . .
CjOn^fl A BIG BARGAIN: DEVIBADERO
«C5^i\JUU. at., near Waller; fine view; lot 26x
116; short walk from the Haight-st.cable-cars. ■
S£9^AA COTTAGE ON POSTST.; I ROOMS;
*$£iO\)\3. lot 25x137:6; street paved and ac-
cepted.
fltJ-9^\fi BUCHANAN ST., NEAR BUTTER
<iW^juO\} . and California st. cable-cars: . resi-
dence of 8 rooms and bath; lot worth the money.
S£7P\AA REDUCED FROM $10,000; TURK
*IP I OKJVJ. gt., near Van Ness aye.: lot 27:6 x
120 to rear street: both streets paved and accepted;
2-story house, used for business purposes: rent $40
per month; tenant will pay Increased rental for a
lease, make his own repairs and pay the water bill.
<Bil 9AA ACH— 2 LOTS NEAR 17TH AND
«JP-LZiUu Market sts.;. worth $1800 each; if you
are looking for a big bargain in this line be sure to
call and get. particulars concerning these lots.
<5tA'\AA PROBATE SALE; MAKE aNOF-
•TjiUtJUU. fer; 3 2-story houses a short walk
from Market and Fourth sts.; lot 50x80; rents
$58 50; must be sold to close an estate. .
QQ^AA SACRAMENTO ST., NEAR DE-
«JpOOUU. vlsad-jro; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath; worth $5000; street pa^ld and accepted.
S97CA EIGHT AT TRANSFER POINT
«iP^ • Oy. between Sutter-st. cable-cars and Su-
fro electric-cars; large lot; suitable for business.
©QAA SANCHEZ ST., A FEW STEPS
«ipt/UV/. from 24th-st. branch of Mlsslon-st. elec-
tric-cars; lot worth $1350.
<3t9n AAA THREE HANDSOME, NEARLY
<]DZiVJ.UUU. new residences on corner right at
main entrance to Golden Gate Park; rents $160
per month; a solid and substantial Investment,
with an assured future.
GJXAAA CHEAPEST PIECE OF PROP-
i£ij\J\J\J. erty In the market: nearly new two-
story residence on the north side of Oak St., near
Scott; contains 7 rooms and bath and high base-
ment: street bitumlnized and accepted by the
city; if you are looking for a cheap home near
Golden Gate Park, be sure to see this place.
©QXAA RENTS $40 A MONTH: 4 FLATS
«TpOtJUv/. near Valencia and 18th sts.; always
occupied by first-class tenants: offered at this low
figure to make an immedia c sale; street paved
and accepted; stone sidewalks.
THE DEMAND CONTINUES AND SO DOES
THE SUPPLY.
The brisk manner In which lots are being sold
and houses are being built on our subdivision of
the Academy Tract is in itself the best guarantee
of its popularity aud the appreciation people show
when a good thing is offered.
With to-day we place our entire reserve, consist-
ing of some of the choicest lots contained In the
tract (some of which have never been offered be-
fore) on the market.
It will be a case of first come first served.
Toe prices remain the same, $375 to $500 In $10
monthly payments.
, Lots are level and ready to build on.
Come see them to-day.
We have a branch office on 'he property.
. Take the Mission-st, electric cars; ride to Fran-
cis St.: our representative will meet you and be
pleased to uirnish further Imormation.
O'FARRELL it CO., 11 Montgomery st.
IN HOME LOTS WE OFFER THE MOST DE-
slrable lota ever placed on the market at the
prices asked.
We have six level lots commanding a beautiful
view at $176 each.
FOUR LOPS AT $200 EACH.
TWO AT $300 EACH.
These are our special offering for to-day. All
are adjacent to car line and ready to build on. .
O'FARKELL & CO.,
11 Montgomery st., or at our branch office, Mission
and China aye. .
BOVEE, TOY & SONN"TAG, ~~ ~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
19 MONTGOMERY ST.,
LICK HOUSE BUILDING.
C*l£ AHA MUST BE SOLD; SIXTH ST.
©JIU.UUU. business property; S stores and 2
flats; lot 50x90; rents $87 50 per month.
S&QAAA. FOLSOM ST., BET. THIRD AND
»SOvUU, Fourth: 3-story frame building; store
below; 3 flats above; rents $70 per month.
lj,"'C)/| FIRST ST., MV. COR. LAUREL
<£iJO\J\J. place, bet. Fol3om and Harrison; lot
st'x7s: house of 8 rooms, etc; rents $30 per
month. v
AQAA MUST BE SOLD; VERY EASY
«3>i/Uv/.' terras: lot 25x70; cottage of 3 rooms;
near Mlssion-st. electric ours and Cortland aye.
C£*J(\ AAA RENTS $20150 PER MONTH;
©OU.UuU. prominent corner of Golden Gate
aye.: improvements consist of 3 stores and 4 flats;
mortgage of $10,000 can remain.
OOQAA TRKMOKT AYE., COTTAGE OF
♦JpOOU'./. 6 rooms, bath, etc.; large lot, 40:6 x
80 feet; very easy terms if desired.
Gil A AAA RENTS $66 PER MONTH:
♦UvIU.UUV. mortgage of $3800 can remain;
an offer wanted; Gongh st., sunny side; short dis-
tance from Geary: 2 excellent Cats of 7 rooms and
bath each: lot 27:6x137:6. - :
»orrcn mout<*a<;k of $3500 CAN RE-
OU I O\J. main; Golden Gate aye., nr. Scott St.;
3-story house of b rooms and bath; cottage in rear;
lot 27:6x110.
jiiOlAh FOURTH AYE., NR. POINT LO-
•iDOIUu. bos; sunny side; lot 25x120; new cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath. .
aio "AA RENTS: $185 PER MONTH;
»j* i O»«JvW. newbuitdlnjr, t, Powell and Bush
st?.; contains 4 flats; lot 44x112.
Q-AAA. SCOTT ST. RESIDENCE, SHORT
(JuUuu. distance from Huight-st: cars;. 2-
story bay window house; contains 10 rooms, bain,
laundry, basement, etc.: lot 25x118.
£i/*:r AAA PROMINENT N\V. BUSINESS
«4pUt).UUU. corner, located in central down-
town district; with new improvements, consisting
of 3 stores with btseraents and 3 floors above con-
taining 42 rooms; income $3960 per annum; lot
60 feet frontage, running through to rear street; 3
frontages.
CM9AA RICHMOND; FORCED SALE;
V-1.-UV/. must be sold: 8 large lots, each
26x120, on north side of California St., ur. 20th
aye ; owner leaving city.
<&1 RENTS $1140 PER AN>'UM;
tIpIO.OUU. extra large lot, 64:4x127:8V4; 2
houses of 10 and 8 rooms and bath, basements,
conservatory, etc. : modern conveniences through-
out: Clay si..; choice location. ; • • ; •
. For further particulars and list of property apply
to • BOVEE, TOY & SONNTAG,
• ■ 19 Montgomery st.
AL HOEIGEB. L.0U13 A. 80CC.
T A. SOUC A CO.,
JLJ 9
REAL ESTATE AND INSURANCE BROKERS.
HOUSES RENTED. RENTS COLLECTED.
465 AND 467 VALENCIA ST., NEAR 16TH.
Ab we make a specialty of Mission property and
are ri-.ht on the spot, we can save you time and
money by calling on us at once.
COO. AAA ONE OF THE BEST BUSINESS
»£)Zy.UUU. corners In the Mission; lot 65x
100; 2-story building, containing 3 stores and 4
rooms; 3 flats, 5 rooms and bath each; 2 bay-
window ( ottages, 5 rooms and bath; all In Al or-
der; renting for $2880 per annum, f
<£.•! A AAA COR. OUERREKO AND 20TH—
«Jp_L^r.v/UU. Lot 76:6x105: elegant bay-win-
dow house: 8 rooms, bath; saloon parlors; large
grounds and stable. .
C; 1A AAA FINE corner on 16th ST.,
«JpIv".UUU. near Market; store find 3 rooms:
upper flat 5 rooms and bath; . cottage 4 rooms; lot
! 30x85.
j <r./>~nA VALENCIA ST., NR. 20TH; VVT
j tJ*U')'»U. 25x90; bay-window house 8 rooms
and bath: could at: small cost be converted into
I business property. I *-> ■■■■< •:
(ii.''AA BARTi.ETT ST., THROUGH TO
«|p«_MU\J. alley; 30x117:6: modern , 2-story
house, 8 rooms, bath.laundry; heaters through
: house: all in A I order; stable for 3 horses; a splen-
; did home. •
I <£? I' AA A MISSK/N-ST. BUSINESS PROP-
»JOUU\'. erty; lot 25x80: modern store; 4
rooms; upper flat 7 rooms; bath; laundry; this is
cheap. , - ■ • • '
& AA A 26x100; FLORIDA ST.. NR. 24TH—
S CO'lUl/. modern bay-window flats, 4 and 5
i rooms; b4th: laundry; In perfect order. - .
■■ (m O7 A" 37:tix96: '. 18TH" ST., NR. VALEN-
«JpO I O't. cla: a snap; cottage of 5 rooms, bath,
laundry; in good order; the. lot, iB worth more
money.- ■> ' ■-' "■ -■' : ■ .
JkQ4>Cn SAN CARLOS AYE., NR. 19TH—
tj!)»jZiOU. 2 story house; 6 rooms; bath; street
work all done and accepted. • -
i.i'AA 27TH ST., NR. CHURCH; LOT
»JP £O\J\Jt 26x114; modern bay-window cottage;
5 rooms; bath: laundry; high basement. : ■
A FEW VACANT LOTS THAT MUST GO.
■ 60x125; Diamond St., nr. 20th; $1400.
25x114; 18th St., nr. Church; $1000.
27x88; Church St., nr, 17thr $1550.
26x90; 23d at., BT. Sanchez; *950.
. 25x100; Chenery st., nr. 80th; $600.
Our list comprises some of the best ■ property In
th* Mission. Lots of all s}%es in any of the home-
steads; also good business corners . in any part of
the Mission: call and get a list and prices. -
If you want your vacant 'houses rented place
them with us**.---- - ■ •■ ..
L. A BOUC & CO., 4H5 and 467 Valencia St., near
Sixteenth. .■•'.- '-■'"'"■ ■ ;;■'> ' ' ' •-■■-•-'; ■' ■■;
ASY TERMS: 1/3 CAHIC, BALANCE IN. 1
and 2 years; Potrero lots at auction Tuesday.
March 10. CENTER & SPADER, ■30 Montgom-
ery st. ~.- ' • '- .' '■'■■■' "•„' ' ■■- "■ •'■ "' : M - '■'
rjOME-SEKKERS, ATTENTION! ' <
H r A POSITIVE PICK-UP.* .-,-■■■
Desirable sunny B-room house, In fine condition,
with lot 25x93,'0an be purchased for $4too.
TERMS: $400 CASH, BALANCE $30 PER
MONTH/INCLUDING INTEREST; CHEAPER
THAN RENT." - .* • .
House located In Western Addition: has fine
marine: view. and is near the Park; Investigate
■ without delay.; ■: . , ■■''-.•■■'/■■■' .^:-: :r -,
H. K. POKHLMAN, Agent, 416 Montgomery.^
HOICK , REsTnENCK ' LOTS ON THE PO-
\J trero to be sold at auction Tuesday, March 10,
12 o'clock. CENTER & SPADER, 30 Montgom-
eryet. .,>':■ v ••,. .■■':..:.■ jy.:..\ ■.'.-.': '■•:" :■ "■■:■•; .-J^v ■.:■': ■?.
A AX80;: FINE PROPERTY; 3 STORES; 8
dbU flats; rents $160. Apply' 32s Fifth Bt..
CITY REAL ESTATE. »
SHAJJSWALD, iJUCKBEE <fe CO., REAL, £3-
TATE AGENTS, . •
218-220 MONTGOMERY ST., MILLS
BUILDING.
. HOUSES RENTED. \-
A O A A EDDY-ST. CORNER: 60- VARA
<JptL£.OUu\. lot with residence of 14 rooms and '
stable for 4 horses: price reduced. .
(j^QOXA MARKET St., NR. 16TH; VERY ,
ft OZOU. cheap; lot 16:10x110. <
"dl» AAArt BUSINESS CORNER NEAR MIS- '
ftt/UUU. sion and ' 7th sts.; rents $900 : per :
annum; lot 30x80. •
G* A OKA JESSIE ST., NEAR I4TH; NEW
tJP'ifc^OU. flats of 4 aud 5 rooms and bath; rents }
$37 50; look at these.
tfl»££rtrt CORNER STORE ■' AND FLAT ON s
ft DOUU. Twenty-first st.: substantial Improve- J
ments; rents $"50; lot 25x93 feet. j
©OKrtrt TWO FLATS: VALLEY BT., NEAR
tIp^OUU% Church: rents 24; very cheap; lot
27:6x114 feet. ; : ' ' ■ \V ' ]
ffiO£rtrt NEW MODERN COTTAGE : ON
ft^DUU. Clement St., near 2d aye.: 5 rooms '
and bath; lot 25x100 feet; terms, $600 cash, '
balance in monthly Installments.
AAA COTTAGE ON WASHINGTON .
ftttuUU. St., near Devisadero; 6 rooms and
bath; brick foundation; lot 25x125 feet.
©1 A AAA PAYS Bi s PER CENT; 3 NEW ] \
4 .UUU. flats on Pine st., near Webster; 7,
7 and 8 rooms and bath; lot 25x100 feet.
a»O1 Art OAK-ST. LOT. NEAR PARK: POS-
ft^yJLUU. itively the cheapest lot offered for '
sale in that district; 26x100 feet.
ffi*QOr;A FOI.SOM-ST. BUSINESS PROP-
ftO^OU. erty; store and 2 flats; rents $65;
' - mortgage $5000 can remain.
<D»97K.A SE. COR. WASHINGTON AND
ftDlOl/. Spruce ets.; 37:6x102 feet; marine
view. _____
<D»O1 £rt WASHINGTON ST., NEAR
ft__XOU. Spruce: 25x127:6 feet; marine view.
<_> OA Art WASHINGTON ST., NEAR
ft-iyUU. Spruce; 25x102 feet ; marine view.
CM TAA SPRUCE ST., NEAR WASHING-
ftx IUU. ton; 25x112:8 feet; marine view.
<H>£?AAA FOLSOM ST., NEAR 10TH; RE-
ftUUUU. duced from $6650; store and 26
rooms above; rents $65; lot 25x93 feeu
$O£rtrt HAVES ST.. . NEAR SCOTT;
ftZOUI". street work all done; 25x137:6 feeu
$2100— Oak St., near Ashbury; a bargain; 25x
100; opposite Golden Gate Park..
$2750— Ridley St., near Jessie; price reduced;
25x95.
$7600— corner: residence on Sacramento St.; 1
contains 12 rooms and bath; this Is an un-
doubted bargain; lot 28x90:6.
$2100— Nice cottaere of 6 rooms and bath; La-
guna st. ; lot 25x87:6.
$3500— Cottage on Cappst.; 5 large rooms and
bath; offer wanted; $500 cash; balance on
easy terms.
$4000— Clay St., near Larkin; 3 flats; rents $43;
. • offer wanted.
$18,500— Eddy St., near Larkln; price reduced
from $23,000: 3 substantial houses: rents
$127 50; lot 57:t!x93.
$4250— Minna St., near 2d; rents $42; lot
25x80teeU
$2000— 24 th St.. near Florida; lot 23x104; cheap.
$1650— Cherry st,, Presidio Heights, bet. Sacra-
mento and Clay; price reduced.
$1260— Stevenson st,, near 14tn, 26x65 feet; or. ;
three lots at same rate.
The above Is only a partial list. We will be glad
to furnish a complete list 0:1 application. .
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St., Mills building.
A AUCTION —
r SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO., •
SALESROOM
218 AND 220 MONTGOMERY STREET,
' ' . MILLS BUILDING.
ONLY ONE-THIRD CASH.
BY ORDER OF THE : •
M. MORGENTHAU COMPANY,
WEDNESDAY, MARCH 11, 1898, . ;
At 12 o'clock, noon,
We will sell the remaining property of the cor.
poratlon in . '
MISSION BLOCKS 144 AND 146, COMPRISING
60 twenty-five foot lots. ■
60 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twenty-live foot lots,
fid twenty five foot lots.
50 twenty-five foot lots.
50 twi iny-ilve foot lots.
60 twenty-five foot lots. %
"-'.' ON.
TWENTY-FIRST STREET.
TWENTY-SECOND STREET.
POTRERO AVENUE AND
HAMPSHIRE STREET.
STREETS ALL SEWERED.
LOTS READY TO BUILD ON.
Title guaranteed by the California Title Insur-
ance and Trust Company for the nominal sum of
$10 per lot. .
BHAINWALD, BUCKBEE * CO.,
218-220 Montgomery St.,
Mills building.
NEWHALL'S SONS & CO., Auctioneers.
AM. SPECK & CO. '»
V CHOICE INVESTMENTS.;,,
<*_ X AA CASH, BALANCE IN EASY MONTH-
<JpUUU. ly payments, buys elegant new house of
2 flats of 0 and 6 rooms and bath and large
lot; In perfect order. ■'•■' ■ ■
C_"9AAA HOUHE AND LOT WITHIN HALF 1
ftoUuU. a block of 9th and Market; always
 rented : part cash. : ,
i _L»9nAA 5 SPLENDID FLATS WITHIN 4!
ftOUUU. blocks of lUbernia Bank; rents $42; ;
-.-• ■;'•■• a ateaL '■•■'■' -■■■ ■•* ■'''•* ■-■■■-. ■-■ • :-.-•
"©OAAA ELEGANT MODERN 6-ROOM j
£\)\t\J . cottage: select location.
aurnflrt 'ELEGANT 7-ROOM RESIDENCE
•7H)vM_'U. on Pine St.. near Devisadero.
&9AAA STORE AND 2 FLATS; RENTS !
•JpOUUU. $30; only a few blocks from the City
Hall; must sell. . - .
(JTjOGi >A ELEGANT 9ROOM RESIDENCE:
I ft«Ji/>-»U. vicinity Washington and Broderick; 1
I (&"rtrtrt - ELEGANT NEW FLATS NEAR ]
tpwUUU. Hyde; rent* $50; 2 fronts: mortgage
■ ' • $4000. ..-.-"-■■•■ . '■ .:.-:,■.'.;
flj; Q7AA - REDUCED FROM $4800: 2 ELE- |
<350 I UU. ant new flats; within a block of _ ;
car lines: pays 10 per cent. -
©P " Art 3 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; RENTS
ftOOUU. 861; in vicinity of Haightst. ;
7 AAA ' BTORE AND; 2 : FLATS ON MIS-!
ft I UUU. sion st.
CI? QAA A ELEGANT RESIDENCE ON BUT-
ftOUUU. terand Hyde.
C'QAAfV STORK AND FLATS ON FOLSOM
ftOUU". St.: rntHs6B. . ■'..•: ~:^y---i
\ N OFFIsK WAN TED FOR AN ! ELEGANT '
A 20- room mansion on N. line of Eddy St., near !
Franklin; lot «4x120 to rear street; building |
nearly new: cost over $20,000. -
© 1 V AAA ELEGANT NEW FLATS NEAR
tDXO. UUU. Jones; always rented, $180.
©^^rtrt 2 .( ELEGANT NEW FLATS !ON '
ftOOUU. McAllister st. - >
©1 Pi A A ELEGANT MANSION OF 12
ft 1 «J. O\J\J, rooms, on Pacific : aye.; worth I
$25,000. ■-'■'■■•:■. ':• r. . ;■>-.• :-v\-,'— •
fi»9*>rtrt LOT 25x120 FEET; HAIGHT ST. ;
©7^9 rtrtrt BUSINESS PROPERTY ON |
01-.UUU. Mission st.: 60x80. , v
<fif"l 9 Artrt GRAND BUILDING OF FLATS; I
ftiO.UUU. within 2 blocks of City Hall; rents I
-■ . $100. ■ ••""-'•• -^ *'■ ».------V. ':;■-,: ■■-. :■'. '..-
©C<) rtrtrt BUSINESS. PROPERTY:' NEW |
ft"O_i.UUU. building, near Tivoll; rents $300. j
CL' 7 A rtrtrt MARKET J ST. INVE.SMKNT,
ft IU.UUU. near Maze: rents $420. • •••:-.-,
(^97 -;;aa- business property: rents
«[SO I i»)UU. $304 a month: lot 48x137. :*&&£%
'Qi. Q A rtrtrt corn er -. business - prop-
tJs OU . \J\J\J 'i erty, t with • good | improvements, !
within a block of the Baldwin; lot 68x75; all !
..■-'.; rented. '■ ■' " - ; ' '•■■'■'■ "•■"-' 'V--->,-t" > ■""■■.'.■-■-,>-•-/.'<•
©11 A AAA BUSINESS PROPERTY JON '
ftIIU.UUU.' Market st.; lot 50x165; 2 front-
'■- - .ages; inside. •■ •■ ■'." v;j - -''■'"'■ ■ •-■ ■ < •.■-.-.:•:.■-, .
■ A. M. SPECK <fc CO.,
-. f ' 602 Market st.
ASY ' TERMS; GOOD • VIEW: POTRERO
[ i lots at auction. ; CENTER A SPADER, Tues-
day, March 10. 12 o'clock, 30 Montgomery st. '.:
- - •:•■-.--.. •.'■-.■-..■
CITY REAti ESTATE. ■ '
EASTOIC^LDRIDGE CO.
EASTON, ELDRIDGK A CO. '
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.
■ 638 MARKET BT.-
-638 MARKET ST.
6SB MARKET ST. "
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
WiiiLL IMPROVED. .
2HOICK LOCATION. :•
<Si 1 Q £AA 3 FINE FLATS OF 6, 6 AND I
ijplO.uUU. 6 rooms and bath, on Grove St., ,
icar Franklin; also 4 tenements in the rear; lot
27:6x120 feet, through to Ivy aye.; pays nearly '
LO per cent per annum; always rented.
BIG VALUE. ■ V '.;•:
' HANDSOME HOME. ■ ;V: '
CN THE WESTERN ADDITION.
AAA A MODERN 2-STORY RESI-
ST 1 i .\J\J\J. dence of 8 rooms and bath, sub-
stantially bunt, brick foundation, on the north
iide_of Page St., near Fillmore; line lot, 36x137:6
feet ; this property cost present owner over $10,000.
ELEGANT FLATS.
ON A CORNER.
FACING THE PARK PANHANDLE.
mfififi 2 HANDSOME FLATS OF 8
«Jp ± JL . \J\J\J . rooms and bath each: strictly mod-
jrn, well built anil nearly new; rents $76 per month.
A SACRIFICE. - ■
• MUST BE SOLD.
BANK ABOUT TO FORECLOSE.
<iirnnn modern 2-story residence
tJ)DUWU. of 9 rooms and bath and stable on
the north side of 15th st., two blocks north of j
Market; large lot, 48x116 feet; half of lot va-
cant; mortgage of $4000 in the Uibernla Bank can
remain. ' •.'.: "",
ONLY $2500.
. FINE INVESTMENT.
PAYS $360 PER ANNUM. •
TWO FLATS OF 4 ROOMS EACH: RE-
cently renovated and In good . condition; on
Glover st., near Jones; the Improvements are al-
ways rented. . ' ':• .■A.;
A NEAT HOME.
NOE STREET, NEAR MARKET.
AT A SACRIFICE.
©OCAA A HANDSOME COTTAGE OF 6
tJp»Jt)Uv. rooms and bath; high basement;
brick foundation: stable: conservatory; etc.; cost
nearly $5000; lot 25x105.
P CHOICE LOTS.
SPECIAL BARGAINS.
WESTERN ADDITION.
fiL'Q^JAA CLAY ST., NB. MAPLE; 50x
tjpOOUV/. 127 :8VA; choice home site.
QZ.f\(\ WASHINGTON, NR. DEVISA-
<It)OOUU. dero, 30x127:8%; street Wtuminized,
©QQPIA VALLEJO ST., NEAR LYON;
»TpO^*)U. 50x137:6; ready for building; ma-
rine view. •
<2L»O^AA JACKSON ST., NEAR SPRUCE;
tJpZOUU. 25x127:8; marine view.
<SH~I A&(\ LYON ST.. NEAR FILBERT; 27:6
<U)lo:Ol/. xll2:6; opposite Presidio.
NEAR PARK PANHANDLE.
CL'^AAA cor. CLAYTON AND HAVES;
tJjjOUUU. 50x106:3.
(T»qAAA BAKER ST., NB. OAK; 25x96:10.
<2»6OPirt CLAYTON ST., NEAR PAGE; 25x
<S>~Z.U\J. 106:3.
©OinA CLAYTON ST., NR. WALLER,
& JIUU. 25x106.
£>IF;nrt CARL ST., NEAR COLE; 25x
«3)1 OUU. 137:6.
|ffCrt 16TH, NEAR ASHBURY; 25x102.
RICHMOND.
<!I*l Qf\f\ HTH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS;
«JS±OUU. 60x120. ■■.
©1/lAA 13TH AYE., NB. CALIFORNIA;
£lttUU. 60x120.
(UI rt^rt 4TH AYE., NR. CALIFORNIA;
iJpIUDU. 25x120. ■■-
a?/l£A r rH AYE., NR. POINT lobos;
O^OU. 25x120. ■- . -
ffi/i^rt 25TK AYE., NR. POINT LOBOS;
*3)ttOU. 26x120. • .
SOAn 27TH AYE., NR. POINT LOBOSj
OUU. 25x120. - .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE <fc CO., .
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 MARKET ST.
. 638 MARKET ' ST. '
638 MA.KKET ST.
RENTER <t SPADER
\J . — -
. •; . WILL HOLD
A GRAND SPECIAL AUCTION SALE OF
POTRERO PROPERTY
AT THEIR SALESROOM,
.. 30 MONTGOMERY ST.,
ON TUESDAY, MARCH 10, AT 12 O'CLOCK M.,
BY ORDER OF MRS. JOS. SEDGLEY.
IC. LOTS IN BLOCK 01, FRONTING ON
ID Utah, Nebraska and Nineteenth sts.
HLOTS IN BLOCK 92, ' FRONTING ON
Utah, Nebraska and Nineteenth sts.
"I f» LOTS IN BLOCK 106, FRONTING ON NE-
-L I) braska. Twentieth and Vermont sts., fronting
Baena Vista Park; Vermont st. graded,
LOTS IN BLOCK 75. FRONTING 176 FEET
iTon Potrero aye., 200 feet on Solano st. and
175 feet on Utah. ■■-
■VTORTHEAST CORNER POTBERO AYE.
ll and Solano ; 62:6x100.
SOUTHEAST CORNER EIGHTEENTH ST.
and Treat aye., 57:9 on Eighteenth st. by 197.
feet on Treat aye. ; street sewered.
SOUTH W-EST COR. OF 18TH ST. AND TREAT
C 5 aye. ; 39 feet on 18th . St. by 150 feet on Treat
aye. .
TOT ON THE EAST SIDE OF TREAT AYE.,
JU bet. 18th and 19th sts., 54x119.
THE ATTENTION OF MANUFACTURERS
JL Is specially called to | these last three pieces, as
they offer special inducements. .
CORNER LOT, FRONTING 60 FEET ON HAR-
\J rison St., 50 feet on Alabama st. and 124:6 t.'et
on Solano st. ; all streets sewered and graded. ■: . /-■.
lOTON THE WEST SIDE OF BRYANT AYE.,
i bet. 19th and 20th Bts.: electric cars pass this
lot; streft sewered and graded; 25x100. .
riORNER LOT, FRONTING 100 FEET ON
\J mat side of Hampshire street and 100 feet on
north side of Solano street. .
■pOTRERO AVENUE-LOT WEST SIDE, 100
X feet north from Solano street: 37:6 feet by 200
feet to Hampshire street; frontage. .
EASY TERMS; ONE-THIRD CASH; BAL-
J ance 1 and 2 years: title guaranteed by the
California Title Insurance Company.
■i For full particulars and subdivisions see dia-
grams at office.
CENTER* SPADER, Agents.
8. P. MIDDLETON, Auctioneer.
T OT.S ON 19 TTI, 20TH, VERMONT, UTAH,
ii Nebraska and Solano sts. at auction Tuesday,
March 10, at 12 o'clock, by CENTER & SPADER,
30 Montgomery st. /■'...•:.:
JOHN Pi>ORR, 3*9 MONTGOMERY BT., OPP.
O . Safe : Deposit, offers for sale : . .' . ■. . \ ;
$16,801)— 1^1 ue property on Powell st., near Post;
2 houses, front and rear; lot 21x100. s**H»4WMW!J»
$7000— Rents $60: Folsoni st., near 7th; stores
and 10 rooms above: lot 28x100. r : ■
$•^4,soo— Rents $225; ' downtown: corner * prop-
erty: 6 stores and Hats upstairs* ... .-■-■.■.
■ $5600— Brannan St., near 3d; 2-story and base-
m< nt brick house; saiooo below and flat of 5 rooms'
and bath upstairs'. '" .'."-"' . : :.
Reduced again to $30,000— NW. corner Mission
and 17tn sts.; lot G5:;100 feet, with improvements;
2-story; 3 store?, 3-flats and 2 cottages; rent $200.
Heduced to $1 1.500 from $14,000— Valencia St.,
S. of 10th; 2-story bay-window house, store and flat
7 rooms and bath upstairs; lot 30x88 feet; always
rented: make offer. • • ' ' . v '"•"' ■ v '
$3000— 7 th St., near Brannan; lot 25x75, with
improvements; renting at $30. ;• : ■. -;•'..'
DWELLINGS. ,
$7500— Fine 2-story bay-»vlndow house: McAl-
lister St., inside of ? Octavia; i 9 rooms and bath;
brick foundation; lot 25x1 37 :G. v : . ■ '•
$2000—5 rooms end bath; house, corner 26th st.,
near Valencia; rent $150. ...
!Ji-;250— St., near Dev'nadero; 2-story bay-
window house: 7 rooms and bath : lot 23x112.
$6800— Rent Sbs: lot 46:6x62:6; Jackson St.,
near Mason,' with 2 houses of 11 rooms each; al-
ways rented; •■' ■-■:'':•'"■ '■" i- .:.:;.■/.-
-■ $3100— A fine cottage, 0 rooms and bath, on 19th
St., near Castro; on installments without interest.
UNIMPROVED.'
■ $1250-25x80— 24th St., near Dolores.
$2600— or. Larkin and ; Greenwich sts.; large
10t,6'ix87:6. ; . ; ; -y
$:<r>oo— Dolores St.. near 22d; 26x125. '■..■
' $800— at., near 30th: lot 36:6x75. , :
$Ssoo— Fine corner lot 70x110, cor. I st. and 10th
aye., at side entrance to park.": -. . ' ;■
$650— 16 th aye., bet. C and D sts.; 25x120. <
i - Corner Fillmore and Ciernmnia sts.; 24x81:3. .-.
$3500— Lot 75x100 . feet; cor. ■ 19th , and . Eureca
streets; make offer. : . ;: ■.•-.. \. '■.■:  ; ; :--, •. ,'.v;-: .'r-,.;
BAJtGAIN— HOUSK AND LOT FOR SALE; 5
rooms and bath. Apply 929 Twenty-third st.
OTKERO AVENUE RESIDENCE LOTS AT
auction by i CENTER . it SPADER, Tuesday,
March 10, 12 o'clock, 30 Montgomery at. ; a ':'■,.
HOUSES AND LOTS FOR~BaTe ON EASY
■ term r McEWEN i BROS., 118 Montgomery.
a«1 AA CASH; BALANCE SAME AS RENT;
<$) JLUU cheap cottage home. McEWEN BROS.,
118 Montgomery st. .' " ;: ■■' V-; ; / •:•■• ':S.r-r. >w
— EST i VIEW ON EARTH FROM THE PO-
trero lots to be sold at auction Tuesday, March
10, at 12 o'clock, by CENTER A • SPADER, 30
Montgomery st. ■ • r: ; • ' : -.-- •■;.-:;
vfiCE 6 -ROOM, BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE
IN and bath; ; brick foundation; high basement;
all modern; will sell" with *or * without furniture;
cheap; easy payments. 1011 Capp st. .^:
CITY BKAL ESTATE.
TTERY CHEAP. ~-~---~~--~«->~-~~--
©OQfiA NICE BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE;
?Ip.£t3UU. Jersey- at., nr. Diamond: half block
from 2 car lines; only a small amount down, bal-
ance same as rent. -■- • ■■ .*. ' ■ ■
©1 1 f\(\f\ BENT $100; BUSINESS COR-
.UUU." ncr on Bryant St., nr. Third; good
Improvement; always rented.
SQKAA VERY CHEAP; WASHINGTON
Oo\J\J.' st., bet. Hyde and Leavenworth: an
excellent location for modern flats.
©CAAA ONLY $500 CASH, balance to
«H)UUUu.;sult; . 2-story bay-window house; 2
flats; also rear house of 4 rooms; stable; lot 25x
115 to rear street. '
$!Qftfifl A GREAT BARGAIN; NICE LOT;
<pOOUU. Fell st., bet. jrillmore and Steiner;
25x137:6; select neighborhood.
4)»£»KAA CHEAP BUSINESS PROPERTY}
*^yJO\J\J. cor. Minna and Mary sts.; close to
6th; store and flat: rent $60.
C&CAAA 14TH ST., BET. MARKET and
tijpUUUU. Sanchez: 2-story residence of 12
rooms and ba;h; lot 60x100; rent $32 60.
Qg^O^fi CLEMENT ST.. BET. STH AND
*ID<J£jO\J. 6th ayes.: fine new 2-story and base-
ment residence of 10 rooms and bath; lot 25x100;
$1000 cash, balance easy. *'--*."> f.
CfcdAnn FILBERT ST., BET. TAYLOR AND
<S)rtO\J\J. Jones; 2-story building, containing 2
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath each. '
OH 9 Rfin HANDSOME "RESIDENCE IN
<®x£'*J\JVt. best portion of Presidio Heights;
14 rooms; 2 baths; all modern improvements.
<£ t\Of\f\ SHOTWEU ST.," BET. 22D AND
ijpO\J\J\J. 23d; 2-story and basement frame
building of 9 rooms; lot) 32:6x122.
fl»7nnn Harriet st., near harri-
<D ( V/Ul/. son; 3 2-story houses of 6 rooms
each; rents $60; lot 50x75. • .v w .* ji
ffl»A9^n CALIFORNIA ST., BET. DE VISA-
t£)\J<zjO\J. dero and Broderick: 2-story and base-
ment bay-window residence of 8 rooms and bath -
lot 27:8x137:6. .- , ■■■■ . .
©KOCA BRODERICK ST., BET. BUSH
qp*JAO\J. and Pine; nice modern bay-window
bouse or 8 rooms and bath.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
10 Montgomery at.
TVEW BLOCK ' : "
li IN RICHMOND.
$50 CASH, $10 MONTHLY.
$600 and upward ; a chance to make money: to
insure a rapid sale the prices are put down below
■anything else in the entire section. Go to-day and
see the block bounded by California and Lake sta.,
10th and 12th ayes; prices $600 to $726; all
streets graded, sewered and macadamized; terms
only $50 cash, $10 monthly.
ONLY TEN LOTS
LEFT LN THE BLOCK
Bounded by 25th aye., Clement st. and Pt. ijohos
aye.; lots $400— cash, $10 monthly. If you
want one, be quick. -
LOOK AT THOSE
LOTS ON 4TH AND 6TH AVENUES.
California and Lake sts.; $1000: surrounded by
car lines; every convenience; prices low: terms
only $60 cash. $10 monthly. Call for a complete
list Of Richmond property.
BALDWIN <& HAMMOND,
.. 10 Montgomery st.
EAUTIFUL . ' " - - • "
D LEVEL LOTS.
$5 MONTHLY.
$350 TO $400.
If you have not seen that new block In the
Castro-st. addition you should go to-day: cake the
Valencia or Mission-st. cars and transfer at 14th
to the Guerrero-st. electric road, and get off at
the corner of Castro and Chenery sts.: car 3 pass
the property agent on the ground dally, Sundays
included. '
TELL US WHERE
You can buy lots within the same distance of the
City Hail for $350, on $5 monthly payments,
with ai; the street work done, including grading,
sewering and macadamizing; water piped to every
lot: many of the lots do not, require any grading,
but are read for homfvbnllding.
BALDWIN & HAMMOND,
■ ■ 10 Montgomery at.
ASY TERMS; V 3 CASH, BALANCE IN 1
and 2 years; Potrero lots at auction Tuesday,
March 10. CENTER & SPADER, 30 Montgomery.
CJ f\fUif\ RE NTS $30 ' ;~ 2~ HOUSES OF. 4
(jpOWv. tenements each: on Filbert st; 28x
137:6, to rear street: street work done; house on
rear street, only 5 years old; this property must be
sold- title perfect; make an offer. H. MURPHY,
628 Market st. .
liRUITVALE TERMINAL TRACT; D.PRATT,
Fruitv.sta. ; THE MCCARTHY CO., Market.
I~~f OR SALE— ELEGANT a- room house,
done by day's work; salon parlors; reception
and billiard rooms; furnace heat; beautiful garden;
stone walks: Golden Gate Park. 1917 Oak.
"T/>OR A HOM LOT— FRUIT VALK TER-
JC miual Tract; low prices; easy terms.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER, lit • ?;'=•"> ■ •
REAL ESTATE OWNERS,
ROOM A, FIRST FLOOR, CROCKER BUILDING.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
PRICES ARE DOWN TO BOTTOM.
Now is the time to buy bargains in lots.
(fh n TO $300 FOR SPLENDID LOTS NEAR
tjp I *J the park and Grand Boulevard; $10 down
and $5 monthly. 6OL GETZ & BRO.
CjOAA $400, $450, $500 TO 100 ; CHOICEST
(ipij\'\J. lots north and south of the park, ready
to build on, from Ist aye. to 20th aye. and Point I
Lobos, Clement, California and Lake sts. in Rich-
mond, and near Affiliated Colleges: opposite con-
cert valley and Strawberry Hill lake on the south;
terms to suit purchaser. SOL GETZ & BRO.
T OTS ON 19TH. 20TH, VERMONT, NE-
braska and Solano sts. at auction Tuesday,
March 10. at 12 o'clock, by CENTER & SPADER,
30 Montgomery st.
ffl>l AA TO $260: BUILDING LOTS NEAR
JL UU Mlsslon-st. and electric car lines: only
$10 down and $5 monthly. SOL GETZ & BRO.
CALL FOR MAPS AND DIAGRAMS.
GETZ & BRO., Owners, '- ?'•
Room A, first floor, Crocker building.
T OCATION HEALTHFUL AND BEAUTIFUL;
J-J Fruitvale Terminal Tract; lots $150 up.
IAKEVIEW NEAR, MISSION (INGLESIDE)
-i electric-cars— $10 per month. THE Me-
CARTHY COMPANY, 646 Market st. .• ■•
ODERN 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $25.00; flats
an ' cottages built at equally reasonable rates. Call
and see plans. JAS. McCONAHEY, 1149 Mis-
sion st. . . .
C. BE MIS.
.; REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
120x195— NW. cor. of A st. and 27th aye.; as a
whole or in subdivisions.
$11,000— Cor. Paciilc aye. and Baker st. ; 65x
187:6 feet. ". - ■ > . • - - ~ r.:
$2600— aide of Stanyan St., bet. Carl and
Frederick; 26x100 feet.
$450— San Carlos Villa lot; 100x150 feet.
$6700—50x127 :6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
Ing the Presidio and bay. , ■■■:. • ■
$6000—2 ■ modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 feet; electric road passes houses;
make offer. ■
$2500 — 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison st.,
bet. First ana Fremont.
$400— tot on Duncan St., bet. Nog and Castro: 25
xll4 feet. *: ,•-•■ •
$8500— Elegant NW. corner of Cole- and Carl sts.
' $300— Choice building lots north of park.
"sjl AAA : FINJS CORNER; 104x100; .. ON
«JpIUUU. Cal. and Nev. R. R. in Berkeley; $50
down, $15 monthly."" " ' :,
$350 — 1 acre hill land; $5 monthly. 2: ': ■.
$760— Business lot: 50x100 $10 monthly.
$1200— Lot 25x100: $5 down, $1 weekly. ■
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 16 Market st. -
Jl. "I r» A A ; FOR SALE— COTTAGE 4 ROOMS
•irIUUU. and bath. 11 Florence St., off Vallejo,
bet. Jones and Taylor. •;..-. '.-•,.'
Ousk OF 5 ROOMS, .BATH, LARGE CEL-
and garden, lot 22:6x96. 2439 Larkin st.
I Tor SALP3 OR ■; EXCHANGE FOR SAN
' Francisco property a modern house' of 8 rooms
In Oakland. No . reasonable oiler refused. : Apply
28y_Zoest., city. ; -. '■'■ ~ :i -■-'- :■•■'■ -' ■'■■■.■■
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA—
\J WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
acs free. ■ •■- t- > •• .. ■ ■ ■••-.■■ • '
; * TO EXCHANGE.
MO^E^N^FLTrsTeIIOO^IsTBA^HTIcA^H^
Western Addition, near Geary St.; $4000; ex-
' change for ranch, bay counties. ' . . , :
Business property; rents $65; price $8000; mort-
' gage $3000 ; exchange equity for I ranch near Los
Gatos. ; I. .>CiIARi-F, 18 Post st.
0 STORES AND 6-ROOM FLAT TO EXCHANGE
; £ for vacant lot or improved pro | ertv ; ill assume
mortgage or pay cash difference. Apply to H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opposite Fifth. v. ■
ii^XCHANGE. 2 COTTAGES IN OAKLAND,
( XJ near Telegraph aye., for improved ranch. Ad-
dress 112 New Montgomery si., San Francisco. ':..,'.
ANTED— TO . EXCHANGE^ VALUABLE
real ! estate for well-established weekly paper.
Address G. 8., box 134, Call Office. ■ ; . - ..:-
-1 »/QA ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
XZOUwater: tine for cattle-raising. N..bx.lg,C'aU
'■ ' STORAGE ; ... .. _- {] }■ ■< ; : , /
T' " "ThTr^o^e^yTt^mTssTo^^
•red need rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TORAGE OF FURNITURE, "PIANOS, t ETC.
O R. F. OSBORN <R CO., 751 and 763 Market st.
' A PPLY FOR BATES FOR STORING FURNI-
;A. ture, etc. SHIREK & SHIREK, 747 Market. ;
; A MERICAN; FURNITURE CO.. .1127. MAR :
I'A'ket; storage at lowest rates.'Phone Mint 32. .
I TORAGE OF FURNITURE, PIANOS, HOUSE-
iS told goods,' etc. J. M. PIERCE. 735 Market st.
ILSON.. brothers, 1710 market— '
Btorage ; low rates; telephone South 762. '
LOST.
OST— iaONDAY MORNING IN NE\\'"ciTY
Hall a package containing two hooks: property
of school-teacher. 1509 Howard at. : reward.
LOST— FRIDAY, A PARROT IN THE
neighborhood of Bush and Taylor. Suitable re-
ward if returned to 716 Taylor st. -
OST, MARCH 2-MICROSCOPE AND CASE"
Leave at , Call oillce, Broadway, . Oakland.
Large reward. . •
ROWN HORSE; REWARD IF RETURNED.
611 Broadway.
LOST-GOING FROM 300 THIRD ST. ON
Wednesday evening,' March 4. diamond ring
with 3 stones, straight. Finder will receive suit-
able reward if returned to 300 Third st.
OST— A PASS-BOOK WITHTHEHIBEKMA
Savings and Loan Society of San Francisco in
the name of JOHN Z % RUSSELL, No. 206.1222.
The finder will please return to bank.
OST— A PASSBOOK WI TH THK HIBER-
. nia Savings and Loan Society of San Francl.-tco,
in the name of DOMENICO RUMaZ; No. 131,-
-790. The finaer will please return to bank.
LOST ALL COMFORT AND PLEASURE BY
XJ not getting my shops made to , order by
GEO. BRYANT for 85. 204 T urk at., near Jones.
FOUND.
,
oIjTsTr^LXFTfTE™ BROWN RETRIEVER
Owner call Pioneer Woolen Mills.
HOSE\ TO LOA.I.
©"I A AAA TO LOAN ON CHOICE CITY IN-
tJpIU.UUI/ come property; no agents. Ad-
dress X. V., box 19, Call OlHce.,
ORROW MONEY ON YOUR PIANO WITH-
out removal, diamonds, watches, jewelry, seal-
skins, silverware, sewing machines, oil paintings:
low interest; perfect secrecy; • private entrance;
private rooms. . UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
ONEY - LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
other valuables at the Security Loan Office,
11C6 Market st.. nr. Mason; private entrance 7 Turk.
IRECT FROM US- ON YOUR FURNITURE
or piano; no removal; no delays; no commis-
sions; low interest; also warrants discounted. Pri-
vate office rtn. 68, Donohoe build 'g, 1170 Market sc.
LOANS ON REAL ESTATE: IST OR 2ND
JU mortgages, furniture or pianos without re-
moval in the city and Oakland or Alameda, any
amount; lowest rates. BECKER, 328 Montgomery.
IST A 3D MORTGAGES; INTERESTS IN E3-
ltates;lowest rates;no .MURPHY.62B Mrku
<RZ.(\(\ f\f\f\ ON REAL ESTATE: LOWEST
3j)OUU,UUUrates. A.SCHULLER.6OB Montgy
I ST&2D MORTGAGES, ALSO ON FURNITURE
X& pianos; no removal. 325 Montgomery St., r. 26.
MONEY TO LOAN ON MORTGAGE OR CO li-
laterals; low rate. J. E. DAMON, 303 Montg.
<Si^)f\(\ (\f\f\ MODERATE RATES OF IN-
«IpZUI/.UUU. terest. Rtu 214, 328 Montgmy.
TF YOU WANT TO LOAN YOUR MONEY AT
1 Bto 12 per cent Interest on good security call
at 410 Kearny St., room 6.
A DVANCESONDIAMONDS.JEWELRY, ETC
xx Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
A NY AMOUNT: IST, 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
J\. estates, undivided Interests, real estate in pro-
bate. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
LOANS IN SUMS TO SUIT BY THE COSMOS
XJ Loan Association, cor Batten- and Pine sts.
PAWXBKOK
AT 126 KEARNY ST.. ROOM 9— MONEY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc.; low rates: pri-
vate rooms: elevator: pledges for sal 3 cheap.'
~ FINANCIAL.
T^A^r^7bl)o^WA^T£r7lLT iy% per cent
XI on City realty. E. L., box 68, Call Office.
T OANS ON IST AND 3D MORTGAGES AND
JUllfe Insurance policies: low rate of interest;
bankbooks bought. 330 Montgomery s'-.
GUI C\C\ HA TO LOAN ON LIFE INSUR-
tJpIUU."UU ance policies: Cripple Creek and
Utah mining stocks bought. TOPLITZ, 330 Pine.
MOM V WANTED.
W"^~ANTED-^TC^BELL A FIRSTTiioRTGAGE
VY of $1000, bearing interest at 10 per cent, on a
fine ranch In Napa County; also want *300 on
house and lot in East Oakland, and. a few others
from $100 to $10,000 at 8 and 10 per cent on quar-
ter value: no expense to lender. Apply or write
to A. L. WILLEY. Golden Gate, AlaraeqaCo.. Cal.
TO LEASE.
TO LEASE— SUITABLE FOR MILK RANCH;
barn for 60 cows; house 4 rooms ; bath. 1613
Market at. ' '
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— oOB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATI!^
1 A _A CRES • HAY W ARDS : JHALF IN FRUIT;
1U $1600. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land. ■■.
HOUSE. FORTY-FIFTH ST.. NEAR GROVE,
• with $850 mortgage, for small ranch. C. K.
KING, 902 Broadway.
la 7 ACRES: SAN BENIT.O . COUNTY:
JLU I house and barn: $2500; mortgage $650: for
Oakland house. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
"I O ACRES; JUST BEYOND FRUITVALE:
Jl^ suitable to cut up into lots: very cheap for
cash. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway. ■
"I^XCHANGK LIST— HOUSE, BARN AND 10
-Hi acres fruit and : choice vines, near Brentwood,
$3000, clear; 2 lots In Stockton, near electric road,
$1000, clear; block of 12 lots ingrowing town of
Acton, $1000, clear: modern cottage of 5 rooms
and stable, $3500 mortgage, $1250; modern 7-
room house. Pacific avenue, Santa Cruz, for olear
ranch, 57500, bank loan $3000; 160 acres, Howell
County, Mo., $1600. clear: bargains in lots and
houses for sale. BENHAM & THOMAS, 465
Ninth St., Oakland. .
(JJjQOrA FINE 2-STORY MODERN HOUSE;
«JpO/-«JU. 7 rooms and. bath; must be sold;
large lot: 10 minutes' walk of City Hall. A. H.
BREED & CO., 460 Ninth St., Oakland.
HOUSE AND LOT, 115x145; GOOD LOCA-
tion; only $1000; terms to suit. LODGE &
POWELL, Frultvalle station. .-
AYE A HOME BUILT ON YOUR OWN
plans: Oakland, Berkeley or Alameda; easy
terms; want to exchange choice orange lands for
vacant lots: land free and clear; will assume some
mortgage. CHAS. P. KERN, Central Bank build-
ng, Oakland. " . .
LOOK! $1001 LOTS ON INSTALLMENTS;
no interest; near local trains and electric car*.
H. B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway, Oakland. - -". ■*■»=■. ~
P USLNESS FOR SALE; GOOD BARGAIN;
.13 home bakery and confectionery; cheap rent;
fine location: pays well;. owner leaving town;
F. O. WATSON, 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
OWER~FLAT 5 SUNNY^OM^rM^DERriT;
1 $16; near local train. Apply 855 Harrison at.
<2»O= 2 LOVELY FLATS ' COMPLETELY
tlr^O. furnished; centrally located; rent $'25.
For particulars see MARSHALL, the house-renter,
1118 Broadway, Oakland. _ ___^____^__
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMfOA ESAL i.STA ■
FOR SALE— -
X 1 House 8 rooms and bath, Central ave.;. house 4
rooms. Grand St.; cottage 6 rooms. Everett St.;
on long time and easy terms, or will exchange fop
San Francisco or country property. Apply
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
C* 1 f\f\ TO $250 DOWN, $25 MONTHLY; NEW
tjp 1 U" 5 and 6 room cottages with every modern
convenience; near station, school, etc ; with Inn? >
lot ; $2400 to $3000: ; send for Illustrated book of
Alameda, free. ■ Alnmeda Land Company, 1600
Park St., Alameda. . \
FOR SALt —$4260; HOUSE: 9 ROOMS; MOD-
em: gas, bath. etc.: lot 60x140: Central aye.
E. D. JUDD, 1424 Pf.rk St.. Alameda. -■--.':'
T OOK-$350 FOR LOTS . HALF A BLOCK
JU from Park St., Alameda. on installments: fine
location. H.B. PINNEY, 902 Broadway. Oakland.
Ci»OAnfi LARGE 6-ROOM r COTTAGE' ON
t3)ZUUU. Alameda aye.; -cheapest piece or,
property In Alameda; to be sold in 30 days. ', E. D. ;
JUDD. 1424 Park st.
anQnA AN ELEGANT NEW COTTAGE ;
tJrZoUU. 5 rooms and b.ith; lot 30x203; $150
cash, $20 per month— 732.: .
$1750— Cottage : 5 ropms and bath ; $20 per
month; snap— No. 736. '
$2000— New cottage: 5 rooms and bath; lot 30x
127; $150 cash. $20 per month— No. 739. .
$1500— Worth $2700 ; to close an estate; corner; |
94x115; street work, sewer, etc., complete; will
make 3 building lots. - - ;;^^HMHHMSMt
■■■ $3000— New modern cottage: . near station; ■ no
■cash down; $30 per month— No. 698. .
$950— IVa acres land on Bakers aye.; worth
$1700; one-half cash. - , ■ . ■
• .-■ Choice lots for sale, houses to let in all parts of .
Alameda. H. P. BOREAL & CO., 1432 Park at..
. ' ALAMEDA. HOUSES TO LET. , ,
fpOB^HOUsSxKKPI N G — FURNISHED SU.V-
--T ny bay-window flat; china and. linen; rent low
to riaht party. 708 Halsht aye.. between Webster
and Mastlck stations, A lamed*. " _^j
'■'■:') it lilt i». fciL-i 1 V liUu iCo iAT K.
S~acr~ifice- w e g7ve"y^u~the LOT, you
pay cost of the house. , ' • . ■ ■•
.sl46o— Buys good 5-room cottage: lot, 40x100.
; - $1400— Buva good 5-room cottaije; lot 26x100.
$1200— Buys good 5-room cottage; lot 33x100.
■' Owners must have money. • ■'■ '■•■■
"., . .H. D. IRWIN, Lorln Station.
OR . SALE-LOT. 50x130; STREET WORK
all done; one block from University and elec-
tric-car line; price $1600. Address MRS. RIVERS, :
3 University grounds. Berkeley. - .... ■-'■:
TOSEPH J. MASON,- REAL ESTATE AND
*) Insurance, removed to Berkeley station.
Additional Classified Adrtiseve-
ments on Page
1112
HOC9E»_TO_£_ET[j__ _^
7 :^o-rSHOTWELTAND TWENTY-THIRD-10
Groom, bath. 930: 1137 Guerrero, 6 rooms,
bath, newly papered. 920; 134 Fifteenth, near
Howard, 6 rooms, bath, 920; cor. kearny and
Chestnut, 8 rooms, marine view, newly painted,
t-tc _16-Q ( Natoma, 6 rooms, 916; 105 Diamond,
I rooms/bath, 915. W. H. CRIM & CO.. 118 Mont-
gomery st. -
QTYLISH MODERN HOUSE. 3022 CLAY-
-0 9 rooms, bath, garden, etc. Call on BALD-
WIN HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
mo LET OR LEASE-HOUSE, 8 SUNNY
1 rooms; bath; large basement; large barn. 421
Church st.. northeast cor. Dorland.
OUSE, 7 ROOMS: SUN BACK AND FRONT;
fine garden. 2132 O'Farrell St., near Devisa-
dero; rent $25 _^
4 a TWENTY-SECOND, NEAR DOLORES—
\jA _: 5 nice sunny rooms and bath; rent 912 50.
inn i WEBSTER, BET. PINE and cali-
iyU_: fornia— 2-story bouse, 8 rooms; cheap
rent. ' —
_»OO MODERN: 7 ROOMS; BATH; YARD;
t_)<-_2. garden. 2316 Webster st.
_Otl YORK ST., NEAR NINETEENTH—
D_O3 Sunny rear house: 6 rooms: 98.
OP MORRIS AYE.. OFF HARRISON. NEAR
_jD Sixth— Sunny 6-room house In good order;
yard: cellar; 913; water free; appreciated if seen.
VjoUSr: 6 ROOMS; BATH. 2402 POST, NEAR
J_L Broderick.
TTOUSE OF" 7 ROOMS, BATH: FINE LARGE
Jtl airy basement. Apply 353 Grove st.
OUSE 9 ROOMS, BATH. 430 O'FARRELL
Jj. St., bet. Taylor and Jones; 945.
OUSE OF 8 SUNNY ROOMS; BATH; ALL
newly papered; with all modern Improve-
ments; rent reasonable. 14558 Mission st.
TTOUSJ- BOOMS; CHEAP TO GOOD TEN-
XX ant. 235 Fell st.
7>On HOUSE 9 ROOMS; FOR IOR 2 FAM-
<J»_iU. ilies. 630 Webster st.
r>O4 ELLIS 3T.-HOUSE 6 SUNNY ROOMS;
O— i bath; water free; good location; rent cheap.
rf() LET-NEW HOUSE: STORE, 3 LIVING,
1 rooms; flat, 0 rooms, bath; cheap. S. C. OY EN,
6*oo Mission st., nr. Si-- - He House.
mO LET-2-STORY, BAY-WINDOW HOUSE,
1 in fine condition; rent low to grown family.
Key 526 Nineteenth st., bet. Mission and Valencia.
~6f\P LEAVENWOKTH, NEAR SUTTER— IO
uUO sunny rooms and bath; one month's rent
free. _____
Ofl MARY. NEAR FIFTH AND MISSION-3
_.U rooms, 912; also 4 rooms, 914.
OUSE OF 6 ROOMS: BATH AND YARD;
rent 916. 147 Valencia st.
000 l SUTTER-FOR 1 OCTOR OR DRESS-
O—t/2 maker; appreciated if seen; $45; water
free. ; _____
_>t ELEVENTH AYE., COR R. R. AYE.;
<s>lO. 30 rooms, barn and stable. NICOL, 634%
California st.
B~ ABY HAPPY; MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented: house rented from BALDWIN <fc
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery st.
~~~ I'lliMs-tl) HOUSES.
NEW FURNITURE AND PIANO OF 7-
i-i rcomed cottage for sale, complete for house-
keeping: house to vent: in Western Addition. Ad-
cr»«ss S., box 43, this office.
ON ACCOUNT OF IMMEDIATE DEPARTURE
a completely furnished house will be rented
very reasonable; 9 rooms: hath. 2317 -"utter st.
CO iTAGES TO LET.
QUNNY COTTAGE 'OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; 2
0 c osets: rent $10 60; 129 California aye. Ap-
ply 815 Mission st.
pOTTAGE 6 ROOMS; BATH: LARGE BASE-
\J ment: yard; flowers. 2105 Webster St., near
Sacramento.
C_U CHEAP COTTAGE, 11 RUSSELL
*£)O.O\J . St., near corner of Hyde and Union.
AY-WINDOW COTTAGE; 4 ROOMS; "HALL;
bath: yard. 127 Chattanooga st., near 23d.
T' ROOMS, BATH, GAS, CEi.LAR. 421 CEDAR
U aye., off Geary, near l.i.,,a:ia.
UNNY BAY-WINDOW COTTAGE FLAT; 6
large rooms, bath. 540 Fifteenth, near Dolores.
COTTAGE* ROOMS; B -TH.GAS. 1119 VAL-
\J lejo st., near Leavenworth; SI'S 50.
?H)TT AOE-4 L RUE ROOMS, BIG YARD,
\J suitable for chickens.' Key cor. of Twenty-
and Florida sts. or 418 Steve
"^•TI NEW COTTAGES ; BAY-WINDOWS; _
'11. rooms Point Lobos are, and Collins st.
fi_r_| NICK COTTAGE, 447. FIFTH ST.,
<„■ l-"x. nearßr> ani: 4 rooms; goodyard.-
-1-i.AIS lv _._...
oTqoTw^hi^gtonT^low erTT^oomT,
01 O-_ bath, view, f32 50: ccr. Stevenson and
Willows, lower, 6 rooms, bath, .$25; 2518 Mission,
upper, 6 rooms, bath. $22 50; 132 Thirteenth, nr.
Howard, upper, 5 rooms, bath, $22 50; 28-5 How-
i.rd. lo\\«r. 5 rooms. Oatn, yard, .?^0: 617 Seven-
teenth, upper, "rooms, bath. $20; 207 Second, up-
per, 7 rooms, $18: 58 Tehama, upper, 6 rooms,
$18: 1211 Guerrero, upper, 5 rooms, bath, $17;
423V2 Mississippi, lower, 4 rooms, bath, $15. W.
11. 1 KIM _ CO.. 118 Mongomery.
UNNY CORNER FLAT; 7 ROOMS AND
bnth; 327Tenthst.: rent $25. Apply DAVID
-TERN <fc SUNS, _ 0 Monteomery st.
~\ -AVER FLAT; 329 TENTH _ T., BET. FOL-
1j som and Harrison; 6 rsoms anil bath; rent
reasonable. Apply DAViD STERN «fc SO-NS, 20
Montgomery sr. .
ON 'T FAIL TO LOOK AT THOSE MODERN
D.N I KA I LTOLOOKAT THO^E MODK.RN
fiats o: 6 rooms, bat: , etc.; central location: no
carfare necesssrv; Turk St., near Larkin; rent only
$-5 a month. Apply MADISON - BURKE, tj_6
Market st.
ft] " ONLY- FIVE SUNNY R -OMS; BATH;
«J)L«j fine bast-meut and yard; 317 Colllnewood
0 .. near Nineteenth and Castro. BALDWIN &
HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.
YEW SUNNY FJ.AT-. 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
_.* wr.s $20, no.v $1.1 50: Castro cable; see photo-
graph. H'jVEY, 508 California m.
\" KW, •.MODERN, SUNNY, UPPER, CORNER
Xi flat; .6 rooms; bath; stable. 1232 Eighteenth.
9 ELEGANT NEW FLATS; 6 AND 7
<— rooms; all mod m; sun in every room; on elec-
tric line; the best location in the Mission. Twenty-
fifth and Folsom.
A ROOM S: UPPER; NEW; FRONTING PARK
_: panhandle. 162 Fell, near Lott.
OAI GARDEN, NEAR BRYANT OFF, 6TH—
OVJ'2 Sunny flat: 5 rooms: cheap; porch..
CD' HAVES— NEW UPPER FLaT; 7 ROOMS;
tOO latest conveniences; rent reasonable.
TTPPEB FLAT; BAY-WINDOW: 3 SUNNY
«-' rooms; bath: yard; gas. 1025 (.app it.
< 1 ft SUNNY 3- ROOM FLAT. 1615 GROVE
«£) XU. su, near Lyon, Golden Gate Par_.
I." LAT OF 3 NICE UNFURNISHED ROOMS
Xto let. 359 Vs First st., near Harrison.
lO|_ LAG UNA— LOWER FLAT; 3 LARGE
iOl _ rooms and basement; rent 912.
T>EAUTIFUL CORNER FLAT, i ROOMS:
-L) two finished rooms in attic; bath: all modern
Improvements; reasonable. 1596 Fulton, cor.
Lvod.
VI. AT. 91: OMS, BATH. SALT-WATER BATH
X included; all modern improvements. 916 Noe
street.
ROOMS PLEASANTLY SITUATED IN
rear of 416 Hyae st. Apply 418.
«> NICE ROOMS. 11 CLARA ST., BET. THIRD
O ana Fourth.
LEGANT~FLAT 6 ROOMS AND BATH;
X- all latest" lmprovements. 713% Grove st.
FLATS; 4 AND 5 ROOMS: "812 AND 8121%
Jessie nr. Ninth: $12 and $14: key at grocery.
<)A(\(\ FOLSOM , CO TWEN T lETH— 4 BIG
±.I\J\J rooms; flat; 810. -
CM 7 CAPP. NEAR TWENTY-FOURTH—
0_: • Modern 6-room flat; sun all day.
qi A FELL-FLAT OF 6 ROOMS; BATH;
i)lv latest Improvements.
a>9'J rfj ELEGANT SUNNY MODERN
•4Pi-«J.«JV/. flat opp. Jefferson square; 5 rooms,
bath. 925 Golden Gate aye,
2 FLATS: 5 AND 6~ROGMS; 914 AND 916.
1853 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
EAI'TIFUL FLAT - 6 LARGE SUNNY
XJ rooms, bat ii and laundry. 151 5 V 3 Mission st..
near Eleventh.
CM 1 3 ROOMS, BA I 1 H. 409% THIR
tyiXX. teenth St., above Valencia.
nCI FILLMORE-BUNNY CORNER SIX
I 2 rooms and bath; cheap to good tenant.
"VTICE SUNNY FLAT; 7 ROOMS; BATH. 316
■Ii Devlsadero st.,ne»r Oak ; 928 60.
1 /lOf^A SACRAMENTO, NEAR HYDE-UP-
X _:.«- <■! per fiat: 5 sunny room*; btfth; 920.
_»1 A UI'PER FLAT, 4 ROOMS. 109 GERMA-
<J?XV/. nla st. Apply grocery, Waller <_ Killmore.
fit! q AND 914-1124 AND HIOSiEVEN-
<J)XO. son, near Herman; nice flats; cheap rent.
3 ~ ROOMS; FLAT: LARGE ROOM AND STA-
bie. Apply 2 Ileywood s:.. nr. Eighth.
9 MODERN BAY-WINDOW FLATS; WARM
A belt of Mission. 320 Shotwell St., nr. Eighteenth.
AFLAT OF 7 SUNNY ROOMS AND BATH-
-925. 647 McAllister st.
ijUKST FLOOR-4 ROOMS; LARGE YARD;
£ unfinished basement; $16: clean and In good
repair: quiet, attractive, private street. DEMP-
bTER. 36 Glen Park aye., off Twelfth st.
LAT> TO LET, OPP. LUKLIN'e BATHS; 6
sunny rooms; bath; cellar. 1212Larkln at.
1 (\(\?\ HAVES, OPPOSITE ALAMO SQUARE
X\J\JO —Sunny flat; 6 rooms and bath.
LEW STEPS FROM CITY HALL; 2 ELEGANT
X flats; 6 and 6 rooms. 10 Grove st.
OUSE, 7 ROOMS, BATH: FLAT, 4 SUNNY
rooms, bath, garden. 1706 Post st, -
1/LAT. 914, SIX ROOMS. SUNNY; 629 SEC-
X ond st., nr. Townsend; cottage, 4 rnis.,yrd.. 911.
O At) HAVES, COR. BUCHANAN— 2 FLATS
U _;_ of 3 and 6 sunny rooms, bath, etc.
®>-\A LOVELY FLAT, 4 LARGE ROOMS,
«_)l*Jf« bath, _as and yard; water free. 25»/ a
Ford St., bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, Noe
and Sanchez. '
CIOZY FLATS: . SUNNY, NICE LOCATION:
' 4 and 5 rooms: bath; Hanover pi., off Sacra-
mento, below Mason. Apply 320 Sansome, rm. 4.
Q» I C ELEGANT FLAT 5 ROOMS, BATH,
«© 10. large yard; water free. 814 Nineteenth
St., bet. Noe and feanchez.
FLATS TO LET— Continued.
TTTT~ETJDY^^I_'sI^BTE""sirNNY COR.
It) trl flat; 6 large rooms: modern improvem'ts.
\tOST DESIRABLE FLAT of 7 ROOMS,
_*J with bath and all modern Improvements;
; 1635 Bush su; rent, 930. MADISON & BURKE,
agents. - ■"-■"-- ■
ABY HAPPY: MAMMA SATISFIED: PAPA
contented; flat rented from BALDWIN A
HAMMOND. 10 Montgomery su '•■
ELEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST., BE-
low Bryant. 6 and 6 rooms, hath: $8 to 916.
~ uoii :»._K._:_: pin Ji Kooais. . .
Anthony Street. . " .
8 ANTHONY, OFF MISSION, NR. SECOND—
Furnishod housekeeping rooms, 76c and $1
week. :
Brannan Street.
AC}C) BRANNAN-2 UNFURNISHED ROOMS
■__C_J for housekeeping. -
Broadway.
Ano BROADWAY — NICELY FURNISHED
_:' 'O housekeeping ' rooms: also single; well
cleaned. - ' •
Bryant Avenue,
Tim BRYANT— CORNER, 6 FURNISHED
1 Mil rooms or 3 complete for housekeeping;
low rent.
C'app Street.
-I AA' CAPP— LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
IUU(J room for l'ght housekeeping: bath.
- Clementina Street.
An-% CLEMENTINA— I KOOM FOR HOUSE-
*iv)l keeping; unfurnished.
.Eddy Place. ',
Fifth Street.
099 FIFTH-2 ROOMS FURNISHED FOR
O— j_^ housekeeping; 99. v -
Folsom Street.
QQC FOLSOM— 2 LARGE HOUSEKEEPING
'«>•) rooms furnished; yard and use of bath;
rent 910. _^
Q A fl FOLSOM — FURNISHED AND UNUR-
£/'_ U nished rooms for housekeeping; $7 and $8
I per month.
' T9^ll FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT BAY-WIN-
-I*_ 1 1 dow room; kitchen complete; $10 and $12.
Fourth Street.
OA7 FOURTH-SUNNY FURNISHED FRONT
{j\J I rooms; housekeeping; rent $10.
Grove Street.
"I O GROVE — SUNNY FURNISHED ROOM,
ID with use of Kitchen: $10; also single.
Harrison Street.
7rOH A R R ISON — THREE FURNISHED
! 1 uD rooms for housekeeping and other sunny
rooms. ■ ' '
Howard Street.
'M HOWARD-NICE FURNISHED FRONT
000 room for light housekeeping; $7.
IAIQ HOWARD — LARGE B A Y- WIN DO
1U IO front suite, furnished: also single rooms.
I-i -1 oa' HOWARD— 2 NEWLY FURNISHED
] 11OU housekeeping rooms for man and wife.
Jessie ."■treet. .
; f»'A JESSIE— FLOOR OF 3 NICE ROOMS,
] U<JU unfurnished; yard; cellar; rent $12.
l.urkin street.
J9Q LARKIN — NICE L V FURNISHED
: __st/ suites; single; running water; bath; gas.
iVicAilister Street.
OAf\ MCALLISTER— NICELY FURNISHED
O_c\/ sutiny rooms for housekeeping.
3liKs:on Street.
Xf'l MISSION — ELEGANT FRONT ROOM
: 001 and kitchen furnished complete for house-
■ keeping.
j Q^'-> MISSION" — 2 FRONT ROOMS FCR-
I *y«)«> nished for housekeeping; cheap; private
' family.
i U&l MISSION - LARGE SUNNY SUITES, j
t/Ol also single, housekeeping rooms: reasonable. '
i IA9 1 MISSION — SUNNY BAY-WINDOW j
: JU_."_ rooms forhousek'piug; other rooms; bath. :
I QOA MISSION-FURNISHED " BOOM AND '
1 0--U housekeeping room, $8 and $10 moath.
Minna Street.
i -: 7;: MINNA— ROOMS, FURNISHED
1 0 I O complete for housekeeping.
Ninth Street.
77 NINTH — 3 CONNECTING FUR- |
I I I nished rooms for housekeeping. i
O'iarroll Street.
6O"I O'FARRELL— TWO COMPLETELY FUR-
Ol nished rooms; housekeeping: no children. !
Polk Street.
-1 \A^\ POLK— UNFURNISHED ROOMS TO
j 1 _:_:_> let for light keeping. (
Scott Street.
I m SCOTT— 2 -LA KG SUNNY ROOMS FOR
: 110 housekeeping; partly furniine_.
Shotwell Street.
91 7 SHOTWELL— 2, 3OU 4 FURNISHED
_-l I rooms for housekeeping; gas; bath.
S_E_ X* reel.
'9Q SIXTH - 2 UNFURNISHED SUNNY
•J-_ >J rooms, with cellar, for man and wife, $0.
South Park.
I 1 n SOUTH PARK— LARGE FURNISHED 1
j J O housekeeping room, 98; also unfurnished
\ rooms. . 4
Stanly Place.
90 STANLY PLACE. KINCON HILL— 2 OR 3 ,
__«/ bay-window rooms complete for housekeep-
ing: reasonable.
Stockton Street.
m -613 STOCKTON, NEAR PINE— FLOORS
, Dll of 3 and 4 unfurnished rooms and yard.
Third Street.
j rI A TniRD, COR. SOUTH PARK— FUR
; O\- 1/ wished housekeeping rooms.
Turk Street.
j q9"| TURK— UNFURNISHED FRONT AND
! • )_. 1 .back parlor, bath and gas: $14. .
Van Nets Avenue.
QOA VAN NKSS AYE. — NICELY FUR- i
O_ jU nished front sunny rooms for honsekeepg. !
Verona Place.
j 9 I VERONA, COR. THIRD, BET. FOLSOM
1 _. 1 and Harrison— Furnished rooms for house-
j keeping
Miscellaneous.
5. -I I F\fl SMALL COTTAGE, 3 TAY ST.,
L.t)'.*. near cor. Clay and Powell.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TK_J 1
WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
KOOMS TO LEX.
Brannan Street.
i A')Cy BRANS AN-FURNISHED ROOM; USE
! _:_._ of stove. ■
Bryant Street.
rA A BRYANT— PLEASANT SUNNY FUR-
c)_;_; nished rooms, cheap.
Bush Street. .
-I -I A 7 BUSH-HANDSOME PARLOR BUIT-
i 1 11' I able for lor 2 gentlemen; near Univer-
j sity Club building.
Clara Street.
"I 91 CLARA— FURNISHED ROOM TO LET
1 <—•£ In rear; $4 per month.
. ddy reot.
m EDDY— BEAUTIFUL GROUND FLOOR
IXO front suite cheap: other rooms $5 dp.
Eighth Street.
"I Al EIGHTH-NICE FURNISHED FRONT
■ XU2 room for man and wife: or two gentlemen. 1
O HERMAN APARTMENT HOUhE, 28 BTH
! O St., near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
Kills Street.
THE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS ST.. SAN FRAN-
-1 Cisco, MRS. KATE S. HART, manager— Just
opened; a newly furnished, well applonted, quite
house; containing 150 rooms, large and small,
I sunny rooms, single or en suite; gas and elec-
tricity, hot and cold running ' water in each
■ room; elevator and fire escapes: situate conven-
I ient to the business center of the city, principal
hotels and theaters: electric cars direct to ferry
and park pass the door. . ■' ■ -
791 ELLIS— LARGE SUNNY ROOM WITH
! I -51 bath; gas; $7; private family.
Fifth Street. .
Q9/f 1 FIFTH— FRONT ROOMS $6 A MONTH;
O_s _:2 single rooms $1 a week ; new house. ■
Q9,^ FIFTH— CLEAN ROOMS:
O-jcl $5 to 98 a month. . ? '.'■
Fourth • treet.
FOURT H — NICELY FURNISHED
UOU2 sunny rooms; also housekeeping rooms:
reasonable. . . . •
Franklin street. . -
5 FRANKLIN— LARGE UNFURNISHED I
from room; cheap. .".
Fulton Street.
i m FULTON— SINGLE BOOM FOR
X JL\J lady or gentleman; 83 month.
• tjoltfeu «•«.•» Avenue. t ■
9q-| GOLDEN GATE AYE.-LARGE FRONT
-vOX room, nicely, furnished, 912.
1 qqA GOLDKN-: GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
OO\J sunny room; private family; $0..
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALXi, SUINJJAr, MAKUH 8, 1896.
: ROOMS TO I.ET— Continued. - ,:
Geary Street.
C "I Q GEARY— ELEGANT SUNNY SUITE OF
•JIO bedroom and parlor; also mites and single.
O(\~\ GEARY — ELEGANT UNFURNISHED
O<"1 bay-window room; mantel ; 2 closets; new
corner flat. .
11A I GEARY, COR. VAN NESS AYE.. THE
11UJ Martinet; first-class modern apartment-
house: rooms en suite and single: new house; ele-
gantly fitted; breakfast if desired. ;■-. ■: •"•■ -■■- ■:.••"•
Haight Street. ;,
99 HAIGHT, NEAR MARKET - 3 NICELY
— — furnished rooms: rent reasonable: batb; gas.
7Q9HAI<3HT— NEWLY FURNISHED SUN-
i c/_j ny room with board; private family. -
. Harrison Street.
791 HARBISON — SINGLE FUBNISHED
I — jl sunny room, $5. :
1 1 qqi HAKBISON-SUNNY FURNISHED
XlOOa front room; private family; 93; to re-
spectable family.
Howard Street.
C\A HOWARD, BET. FIRST AND SECOND—
«J_j_: Beautiful sunny alcove room; man and
wife or 2 or more gentlemen.
__oq HOWARD — NICE FRONT ROOM;
!_)._. other rooms. .
Q99 H O W.A R D-S NN V FURNISHED
' __- rooms; gas, bath and grate; cheap rent.
QOqi HOWARD,: NEAR-. FIFTH — LARGE
t/_u2 elegantly furnished • front ;, bay-window
room : grate, bath, etc. ; rent only $10 to permanent
parties.
1 9AQI HOWARD— ELEGANT ■ BAY-WIN-
X_«U'-/2 dow parlor; use of piano; 1 or 2 per-
sons; $10. . .
9JLI HOWA R D - FURNISHED ROOM;
-110 front; sunny; 98.
_ liyde Street.
n HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED ROOM:
suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen; $7.
f?9l HYDE— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
U— iX sunny room; gas and bath. ' •
Jackson Street.
IAT Q JACKSON, NEAR ', MASON — FUR-
XUXO nished sunn; suite; single $5,
Jessie Street.
A7l JESSIE— FURNISHED FRONT
ill room with stove; also single; reasonable.
AJ\A 1 JESSIE— NICE SUNNY FURNISHED
_:«J"±2 room.
ones Street. '
907 JONES — THE VaN WINKLE: NEW
--v» I management: elegant ninny suites and
Blagie; newly furnished; bath, etc.; *lt>to*3o.
Kearny Street.
A KLINGTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLBAS-
J\- ant sunny rooms, en suite and single; first class
in every respect; terms reasonable. ;
Langton Street. •
_ie LANGTON — SUNNY FRONT ROOM TO
■_:«-) let: private family.
Lark in Street.
"I AA7 LARKIN— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
IUU I • light housekeeping; rent moderate.
I C 1 £» FRANKLIN- NICELY FURNISHED
I—' i sunny room: bath and gas; 96.
fliarkf II ree; .
3 SUNNY FURNISHED ROOMS, $6. APPLY
PATTERSON _: CO., 420 Spreckels building,
927 Market. • • ■
VOSKMITB HOUSE, 1045 MARKET. BET.
X Sixth and Seventh— Single and suites; pec
Bight, 35c to $1 : week. $1 50 to 95: families
McAllister Street.
99£»a McALLISTER-SUNNY FURNISHED
_._.".» rooms; private family; S3 and $10.
Z.OQ MCALLISTER — HANDSOMELY Fr^R"-
UOO nished sunny double parlors; other rooms.
Minna Street. .
ml MINNA-FURNISHED HOUSEKEEP-
-2 ing room, $1 76 week; bay-window room,
$2 50: quiet. -
C 4 A MINNA— NICELY FURNISHED FRONT
O^tV room; 94.
(*(*rr MINNA, COR. eighth-newly fur-
Uul nished bay-window rooms; 91 week; • tran-
sient. - ...
Mint Avenue.
9_l MINT FURNISHED SUNNY BAY-
-. ~t window suite, 912; also others, cheap.
Hussion >treet.
n-\ Q MISSION — MONTNOMERY HOUSE;
UlO nicely furnished front room, cheap.
V(*O MISSION— SMALL FUBNISHED ROOM,
I DO $1 week; fine f ont room for 2, $9 month.
UROPK HOUSE, 1169 MISSION — NICELY
X_ furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients.
1 P»9il MISSION— 2 LARGE LIGHT SUNNY
X«J_j*i front parlors, nicely furnished, for m n
and wife, in private family, board and rooms 950
per month.
Montgomery Street.
A! Qa MONTGOMERY NEWLY FUR-
IO nished sunny bay-window, double bed-
rooms, bath, gas; $8. 910, 912: gentlemen; new.
Ninth Street.
11 Q NINTH — BAY - WINDOW, SUNNY,
lit/ front room; folding-bed, grate, closet:
cheap.
1 9^*l NINTH— NICE LIGHT AIRY FUR-
-I_.U\» nished rooms; single or en suite.
O'Farreil Street.
r-l 9 O'FARUELL - SUNNY FURNISHED
«J 1 — room, with bath $6 a month.
Fine Street.
f*ll PINE— SINGLE AND DOUBLE BOOMS
UL 1 for gentlemen from 95 to $7 per mo. grates.
£9"l PINE— ROOMS .FOR OENTLEMEN, 96 !
O_jl up; gas; running water; quiet. .
Polk Street.
1 7 POLK -FRONT BAY WINDOW ROOMS;
It also single; from 94 to $12.
i (ihcll Street.
"I El POWELL— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
i-0% ny hall rooms, $1 50 per week ; larger rooms.
Seventeenth Street.
AQ A SEVENTEENTH —.SUNNY' FU R-
rxO\J nished room, with or without board, $5.
sixth Street.
9 SIXTH — NICELY FURNISHED feUNNY
front suite. .
m SIXTH ST.-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY;
single room.. . •
■ Stockton Street. .
,4 1 7 STOCKTON— FURNISHED SUNNY
_:1 I front bay-window rm., $10; single, 95 or 9(5.
Suiter ntreot.
nr\rr BUTTER — U NFUBNISHED FRONT
l\J I suit; 3 connecting rooms; office: gas: bath.
■I OAC SUTTER— LARGE SUNNY ROOM;
I_.U<J furnished or nnfnrnished; new flat.
Taylor Street.
of: taylor-nicely furnished rooms,
00 cheap. MRS. G. ALLEN, proprietress.
1 AQ TAYIA)R-KLKGANT FRONT PARLOR;
l_:t/ newly furnished; reasonable.
9JA TAY LARGE ROOM: SUITABLE
— i ' ' for or 2 gents: gas; rent 98.
Third Street.'
"TiriNCHESTER HOUSE— 44 THIRD, NEAR
»» Market; most convenient and respectable; 200
rooms 26c to 91 60 per night; *1 50 to 96 per week;
electric lights in ever? room; reading r'm : tree bus.
MAC THIRD, KOSTE"RHPUSE— FURNISHED
_Ut) rooms, single and suites; 98 and 416 up.
. Turk Street.
1 9£» TURK-FRONT SUNNY ROOM SUIT-
-1 _.*> able for gentleman: $6 per month.
9A91 tv R X —B A Y-WINDOW SUITE of
_-''_. ; roomsor 3 adjoining for office; also others.
(*] 1 TURK— UNFURNIHHJSD FRONT ROOM
Dll to let; rent reasonable. -
Miscellaneous.
pRAIOBOURN, COR. LABKIN AND POST—
\J Elegantly furnished corner sunny suite; every
convenience: suitable for doctor: also single rooms.
U~~ pFeR OB LOWER : PART OF ELEGANT
residence; unfurnished; central; private. Box
11, Call Office. -..-. ..,.,.
A WEEK'S NEWS FOB 5 CENTS — TH»
-_- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
STOKi.S TO LIST.
'coTTK^AR^Y^LAR^^TOR^T^a^B^SE"-
-: • '_- I ments, $150; 619 ' Kearny— Small store,
950; 617 Third— Store, living-rooms and cellar,
935: 1049 Folsom— Store and 3 rooms, 916; 641
Post— Store and 2 rooms, $12 50, W. H. CRIM •_
CO., 118 Montgomery.
rpo STORE WITH 14 BOOMS: SUIT-
X able for saloon and lodging-house; East st. Ap-
ply G. H. UMBSEN A CO., 14 Montgomery su*
"DABBER-SHOP TO LET. COB. SEVEN-
X> teentb and Church sts. .:'.*. : -.' ■»;..••-. ••-:';
/CHEAPEST STORE IN THE MISSION-CO
vnet Twenty-fourth and Mission sts.: fine open-
ing for grocery or French liquor store; cheap rent.
UMBSKN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
VERY DX SIR ABLE, ELEGANTLY FITTED
; V: store,' 108 Grant avenue; suitable for German
baker;- or mercantile business. Apply to BALD-
WIN A HAMMOND, 10 Montgomery st.:: -
TORE AND 11 ROOMS; RENT 926. APPLY
BALDWIN A HAMMOND. , : -- ,: : :
A STORE AND LIVING-BOOMS. 1668
<PIV/. Mission st. -.V-' ' : : v^i'C-'-.V'W. ,:- •■■■■. ,■ --.';-:
TORE , AT i INGLESIDE RACETRACK, AT
first gate; rent 915. ■ Inquire within.- ;" : : - t .";..y
A 1 ~(\ FOU RTH-SM ALL STORE, WITH'rOOM
-1U in rear; rent low. Apply to G. H. UMB-
-SH _ Co., 14 Montgomery su
BOAKDISG ANI> ROOMS.
SUNNY FRONT ROOM: FURNISHED OR UN-
furnished; cheap; housekeeping. 314 Octavia.
PLEASANT. SUNNY. ROOM WITH BOARD;
X suitable for 2; in private family. 2436 Cali-
fornia st.
141 n oCTA VIA-LARGE SUNNY FRONT
- 1 -'J-1-" alcove suit, with board; also single rooms,
lit* TURK-REMODKLED-NEWLY FURS-
X X wished suites and single; first-class table board
"vr iceTy FURNISHED ROOMS; UNSUR-
-." I passed for neatness and comfort; 50c, 75c and
$1 per day; 92, $2 50, 93 per week and up; $8 to
$30 per month. H ackmeier'B Hotel. -
EST TABLE BOARD IN THE CITY; $4 50
week, $16 a month, at Hackmeier's Hotel.
GEORGE URUENIG, Proprietor.
ACKMEIER'B HOTEL, 123-129 EDDY ST.;
I new management: GEORGE GRUENIG, pro-
prietor: board and room 96 and 96 a week and up.
OMKTHING DESIRABLE FOR GENTLE-
-0 men at 1401 Van Ness aye. cor. Bush sU . . .
HOTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod-
era conveniences. _____________'
" . ; CMI L O BOAKI>_;J>.
LADT W^\N^^^^R^~2~^CllixDß_V~^rO
board or infant to care for; good home;
mother's care. 1205 i>aguna st.
WANTED— 2 CHILDREN FOR BOARDING;
»' will receive ' mother's care. Apply 14 Chatta-
nooga st.
"V NG MARRIED WOMAN WOULD LIKE
X child to board terms $8. 1709 Lexington
avenue.
ADY WISHES CHILDREN TO BOARD
from 1 year up. Apply 324*/_ Tenth st,
GOOD~HOME FOR INFANT; TERMS MOD-
T crate. 1014 Jackson, bet. Powell and Mason.
ENGLISH WIDOW WISHES 2 CHILDREN
to board; furnished room for parent. 47Va
Gilbert st. .
OFFICES TO LET.
pONVENIKNT^i_^I^S^IfN^NE^v" J BUI_3f
VJ ing corner Market, Drumm and California sts.:
elevator, etc; rents low. Apply MADISON _
BUKKE, 626 Market st.
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET—
Elegant sunny offices; low rent; electric-light;
heating and janitor service free. Apply at build-
ing or G. H. UMBSEN & CO., 14 Montgomery st.
LEGANT OFFICE FOR PROFESSIONAL
man will be vacated on March 1, at 850 Mar-
ket st., cor. Stockton; first floor. ■
PIANOS. iuLl.iS, iSTC.
pHANCE 'OP A LIFETIME TO _%V AN
VJ oruan; we have 50 that must be closed out in
the next 30 days; cash or installments; prices
from 925 upward. BEN J. CURTAZ <_ SON, 16
to 20 u'Farrell st.
1 ORGAN FOR 980. 705 LARKIN ST.
<2jf»A PIANO: IST-CLASB MAKE; COST $376;
\jy>. on $5 Installments. 221 Leavenwoth sU
CtABINET GRAND KARDMAN; BARGAIN;
_!_ 9226. 525 Ellis at.
OPEN Full BUSINESS. ~~T
The Unei: line of new pianos for rent and sale
In San Francisco. - J. HARRY SCOTT,
.".-;■■■ 929 Market st., Spreckels building.
A RE YOU DESIROUS OF OBTAINING A
-fi good piano at a low price and upon very easy
terms? Then investigate ■ our new rent-contract
plan.- f HERMAN, CLAY' & CO., Steinway repre-
sentatives for the Pacific Coast, SW. cor. Kearny
and Slitter sts.
U" M. li. BADGER, 26 O'FAKRELL. ROOM 1,
''first floor; sole agents Ilallet& Davis pianos;
pianos, organs sold for cash or Installments.
90, (\C\(\ SHKKT MUSIC 1 CT. COPY. STAT-
4.\J.\J\J\J HAM'S Piano Store, 106 McAllister su '
WIDOW FORCED TO kF.MOVE TO NEW
*» York offers new Wheelock upright at the price \
of her transportation. Room 21, 809 Market st. j
L I I N R STEINWAY' OFFERED FOR SALE |
X I by private party; immediate sale necessary. 1
Room 10, Flood building. j
BARGAIN; FINE |PIANO; GOOD j
(^_-V». condition. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st.
TEfNWAY. 9165; WEBErt, $260; SMALL
upright, $80; bargains. BRUENN, 228 Post.
riOME IN AND HEAR THE LATEST
\J novelty— the Osslan attachment piano, man-
dolin, guitar, harp and banjo, all in one: very sim-
ple; guaranteed to keep 111 order; call and see it;
beautiful effect. .1. T. BOWER 3 <_ SON, sole
agents, -3 and 25 Fifth St., nr. cor. Market.
A GOOD SQUARE, 910; A FINK SQUARE.99O;
-TV a fineuprlgh', 9125. (all soon.
M AUVAIS MUSIC COMPANY. 769 Market St.
SHAW, 9425; 2 SI KIN WAYS. #215, $195;
_"\- Sommer, $.'37; square", 925, 955: rents $2
up, allowed on purchase. HEINE, 136 Kills su '.
PIANOS—
1 Hazelton, Hemme and Long, Brown and
Simpson ; easy terms. V 35 Market sU I
HAINES BKO*. PIANO.' PATTI'S PREFER-
ence; also renowned Bush & Gerts' piano.
A. L. BANCROFT & CO., 824 Post sU
CONOV ER PIANO; AS GOOD AS NEW;
V great sacrifice. Tha Y. W. SPENCER COM-
PANY, 338 Post su ,-: ■?■-';
hTcKEKING, KNABE, STECK.VOSE, BTER-
\J ling pianos; see our n-w piano for $187: pianos
:or rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, 16 O'Farrali.
fflj I rrr CASH OK INSTALLMENTS: WEBER
tJjX 10, upright; perfect order. 1019 Van Ness.
~\ \F-CKER BROS.. BTEINWAY,FI'BCHERANJ6
XJ other first-lass makes of pianos; little used;
cheap for cash or on easy terms. K-OiILEK <_
CHASPJ, 28 and »0 O'Farreil »L
AMY TERMS; LOW. PRICES. KOHLER A
CHASE.
Y~KUN MAUZY, 308 POST SOHMEB,
Newby * Evans,' Briggs and other pianos.
U R I OR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLU&NEW
0 H. Ml' LLKR, maker, repairer, 2 Latham Dlace.
CTEINWAY, $216* WEBER, 9265; SOMKR,
$237; Wily, |125; squares, $36 »nd $55.
HEINE. 410 Post st. ;
A BRIVED— A LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
_ V grnde T. L. Neumann pianos for the holidays:
prices and terms moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82
Ninth st.
LOUGtNO-IIOITSJKS FOR SALE.
£/"\-room corner;house [ . . 96000 '
\J\J 40 rooms, clearing 9150 per month.... 400
21 rooms on Eddy street, only ........:....... 600
19 rooms on Butter street, payments 1000
16 rooms on Taylor street.. 760
15 rooms corner on Eddy.... 1100 j
18 rooms sunny corner on Post 1600 >
4f« rooms on Market st : 2600 j
12 rooms new and good on Mission 500
H.C. DECKER. 1020 Market, opposite Fifth st.
M. SPECK & CO., 602 MARKET ST. ~~~~*
.15 rooms, genuine bargain; worth
91200 $500
18 rooms: beautiful-home; rent only 955.... 850
22 rooms; Post st.: none better.... 1,000
30 rooms; clears 9125 or no sale $1000 down
IE ACRE* ..AND I<KAR LOS ANG i- LKS TO
1 O exchange for lodging-house. DECKER,
1020 Market st.
Q 1 AAA LODGING - HOUSE OF 23 ELE-
*3) li"V. gantly furnished rooms on Market st. ;
paying house. CULVER <_ COLTON, 906 Market.
(&9XAA ELEGANTLY FURNISHKDLODG-
»]p_j«JI/v/. Ing-house of 35 rooms; central loca-
tion; party going Easu Address WARDK, box
. 109, Call Office.
©9PLA CHEAP; LODGING-HOUSE FOR
<IP_.« J JI/. sale: 55 beds: clears 9100 per month;
trial given. Call after 4P. M., 140 Minna st. ; ,
ffl»9~';A 11-ROOM HOUSE; BEST LOCATION
t-±O\J . in city; steady roomers; clears 935 per |
month over Its low rent; present owner 9 years;
must sell at once on account of other business.
Call between 10 and 12 a. m. Apply at Call Office.
_19P. O'FARRELL — WELL-FURNISHED
tr_j«J lodging-house; 15 rooms and bath: owners
forced to sell on account of leaving the city. / ■■
rp«> LET— BRAND-NEW HOUSES OF 60 AND
X 90 rooms; liberal terms. SPECK <_ CO., 602
Market st.
fi_ OX A HOUSE 8 ROOMS AND BATH; ALL
_T_______newly furnished. 36 Taylor st.
C9q JONES -FURNITURE OF 4 ROOMS; |
040 1 rented pays $12 a month. : ]
XV ELL~PAYISG LODGING-HOUSE OF 11
» » rooms; all full: rent only 9-6: water free; bar-
gain. Apply 8 central place, off Pine st., near
Kearny.
"I A-KOOM FURNISHED ROOMING-HOUSE;
x\J all full. Call 1637 Mission su C
flfcCArT 22 ROOMS; NEW CORNER HOUSE;
_T____y. all full: low rent. 712 Kearny st. / ■
gAgq Aq FOURTH-NEW HOUSE; WKLL LIGHT-
OV/Oed: room rent reduced. Apply to J. DE-
MARTINI. 317 Washington st. .
A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 ; CENTS — -THB
-"- WEEKLY CALL. In wrapper, for mailing.
1' li..i. i _•„_■; ;i' Li' -' »ALIS . -.:
mjr_ALK S T~ < * r^^r^o^r^^njy.
Prices stand till goods are completely dis-
posed of. ■ '
Oak bed sets ..........'. »18 50
Bed lounges 8 00 :
5t0ve5......................................... 750
Carpets, per yard. 65 j
Linoleum, per yard............ ............... 65 |
Matting, per yard.-. :. 10 |
.Till our new building Is erected these prices will
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at • BE, corner Seventh ! and Mission sts. -J. I
NOON AN. -.- :.- :• ; .^- :.■;;-:-; ; ... '-■■ . - ■■•-'■';:. : ;'■- -.. v
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW ............ $76 '
Uetllounges trimmed with p105h........ ...W 60
Brussels Carpet, laid ....... ............ ....45cnp
English Linoleum, laid. ..;... 40o np
Window shad's In 6 colors. .'...".'.'. 25c up I
SHIRKK <_ SHIREK, 747 Market St., opposite j
Grant avenue; no branch stores. ■■•'■■ '<-i\ • j
df\(\ CARPETS; : CHAMBER SETS, $14;
raw stoves, $5; parlor sets, $20: folding-beds,
1 910; bed- ounges, $7. T. D. MCCARTHY, lla
Fourth st. .. ;-.....; ■,■--■"■• ./-■.. ;'" ..-.-:- '■■ . P.-'-:. ■.
MAGNIFICENT BUREAU AND BEDSTEAD;
-U a bargain. 1610 Octavia. ' " ; ; ;
FURNITURE OF 4-ROOM FLAT CHEAP.
X 1039 Nineteenth st. ■ .7 :.;■>:■ aS:
HG. KRABKY, FURNITURE AND BED- |
> ding; new folding-beds, and np: step-lad-
tiers. 20c pr step; fornltcree-Chged. 779 Mission st. <
wriJLDINO^AIfIJ LOAN ARSOCIAIIO^ j
pONTINENrAL BUILDING AND LOAN~A_, !
VJ I sociation— Home office, 222 : Sansome su, 8 i F, .
I General vines <_ loan business. Ed E. Hill, Pi\_. 1
I Oliver Eldridge V.i'r. ; W Corbiu, Sect Gen.M»_
<&7Kf\ CORNER GROCERY AND BAR
«3? I *J\J. withliTing-rooms; good bar trade: cash
custom; low rent; In • very best location • rare
chance. Particulars 533 California at., Phcenixbar.
fl;lF; (\(\(\ THE i LARGEST f: AND , BEST-
<iPA-U.\J\J\J. paying beer and restaurant;
cream of trade; monthly Droflts of $1000 guaran-
teed; books open for inspection. Address S. G.,
WILKE, 1148-Sutter st.
BARGAIN; $750; SALOON* LOCATED IN ONE
it of the richest towns of 3000 people on the
roast ; elegant fixtures, fine location and a paying
Investment. Apply K. P. QUINN. 53 Chronicle
building. San Francisco.
RANCH BAKERY AND LAUNDRY OFFICE
reasonable, BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market.
T^OR SALE OR EX HANGE-DON'T FAIL TO
X look this up; the best appointed, the most ele-
gantly fitted up saloon, clubrooms and wine-cellar
in San Francisco; large stock; well established;
long lease; low rent; doing a good business; will
sell :or cash or exchange for City, Oakland or San
Jose property; reason for selling, retiring from
business. Address 51. W., box 34, Call Office.
HOT EL ', AND RESTAURANT, GOOD Bfsl-
- ness, at a bargain; in country, short distance
from San Francisco; saloon in connection with
business; well furnished: party desires to retire
from business. Address C, box 5, all Office.
WA PARTNER WITH SOME C APT
tal. urns' be good business man, ' for theatri-
cal enterprise. Address E.. box 9, Call Office.
OLD-ESTABLISHED BAKERY AT A bACRI-
\J hce on account of ill-healt ; 3 barrels of flour
a day used; good location, j., box 76. this office.
fIjIINB HOTEL~FOK RENT CHEAP; -12 BUN-
X 1 nyslde, City. Apply G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
CIANDY STORE, BAKERY. STATIONERY
\J and notions; doing agood business; established
16 years; must »ell on account of moving into my
own place; no reasonable offer refused. . 209
Twenty-fourth st.
ANTED— BY AN ENERGETIC, ALL-
around business man, an interest in some live
staple business in ihe city or country. B. A., box
<Btl ft(\ PORK AND DELICACIES; RENT
tIP A \J\J. taken out in trade; 2 living rooms: full
stock. Address P. D., box 16, Call.
<Dj J£|i NEW GROCERY NEAR MARKET
«JJ) iyi'. St.; large side room; a bargain. Ad-
I dress 8. W,, box 71, Call.
j 0J» 1 HZL "THE OLD NEWS STAND," CANDY,
| t]PX I U. notion and cigar store. 129 Seventh st.
living-rooms; a sacrifice; look at it.
WANTED— RENT CIGAR-STORE IN
" good location, or will purchase half interest I n
established paying cigar-s.ore, H., box 104, Call.
G-i OOD PAYING BAKERY AND DELICACY
VJ store for sale; retiring from bnsiness. 405
Jones st.
i 7X PARTNER wanted good paying
«IPlc>. business. HEG ART 860 Market St.,
room 10.
GENTS WANTED FOR GOOD SELLER.
HEP ARTY, 860 .Market St., room 10.
CM ALL FIRBT-CLASS DAY SALOON; GOOD
O reasons for sale.' Inquire fruitstore, Bush and
Dupontsts.; call 10 to 12, 3 to 4 p. m. !.:.
— WINE AND LIQUOR- STORE. ALSO
steam trade; centrally located, off Market st.
j Address T. A., box 72, this office.
KEISKR & TASSET, 3 FOURTH ST.— ELE-
IX gant fitted-np saloon good stock: booming
1 transient, trade; reasonable rent; Market st. center;
I best chance for two partners. '
1 fflji CX SALOON AND BOARDING-HOUSE,
i tjpX I O, city front, 9 rooms.bar, dining-room a.d
• kitchen; well furnished and doing good business.
| PIEUCK, 22 Kearny st.
PARTNER WITH CAPITAL: CUSTOM
X shirt business; big profits. A., box 80, Call. ■
Hi-: COMMERCIAL DEPARTMENT OF THE
United Slates industrial Agency has several
clients who have money to invest in good merean-
i tile lines of trade or oilier profitable and secure
i business Investments. We have an opportunity to
I place a large . mercantile business. Business
I strictly confidential. Buyer and seller brought to-
gether in a business way. Room 1t55, Crocker
building. . ' .
Ipo±4 SALE— OF THE BEBT-LOCATKD
I men's furnishing goods stores, on account of
sickness; stock, fixtures and lease at a bargain.
Address P. 8., 110.- Market st. • .
IRST-CLASS NEWSPAPER MAN TO TAKE
an interest In one of the best-payinsr newspapers
on Pacific Coast; must be sober and reliable. Ad-
dress N. P., box 76, Call. .
<B!l 'AA INTEREST IN MANUFACTCR-
<Ip 1 O\J\J. ing business with monthly salary. C.
UEN PERSON, 304 Montgomery st.
LADIES WITH SMALL CAPITAL CAN se-
cure a paying business: examination invited.
Address T. L.. box 18. Call Office. '
TORE TO LET— 3 ROOMS; GOOD LOCATION
for barber-shop: near 3 fines of cars. Seventh
live, and Clement St., Richmond.
ffbQYrT^CORNER GROCERY AND BAR;
DuU. transfer; pleasant living rooms. Apply
this office. •
SALOON AND RESTAURANT; GOOD PAY-
ing business; on account of sickness; $350.
714 Bryant si., near Fifth.
T/>OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— SA-
X loon: established fur years; finely fitted up and
carrying large stock and leas : cheap rent; good
location; near Market; no agents. Address S. 11.,
box 8, Call Office.
FOR SALE— MY RESTAURANT: I HAVE
£ other business. 1416 Howard or 2831 Sixteenth.
OOD. PAYING BUSINESS FOR A YOUNG
man. FRANK C. McCANN, 122 Market su
OR SALK— CORNER G ROCERY AND BAR,
X* with 6 living-rooms upstairs; rent cheap; good
trade. Apply at 201-203 Market st.
PARTY TO TAKE AN INTEREST IN A NEW
XT and valuable improvement in bicycle; also In a
small useful article in order to secure patent. Ad-
dress J. 8., box 58, this office.
■■WOOD. AND COAL- YARD for sale, IN
TV Western Addition. Apply 335 McAllister st.
OR GROCERY AND BAR. 721 POLK
street. . .
T ARGE BOARDING-HOUSE AND SALOON;
XJ good business place; rent reasonable; bargain.
Apply 322 Main st.
<£P\fin SHOES 1 ORE AND REPAIRING-
«JP«7VV7. shop: best location on Market clearing
9300 month; full investigation allowed; can pur-
chase any part of stock you wish. Apply KENNY,
766 Market st. •
/"HOAR-STORE FOR SALE; WILL SELL
\J half or whole and trade. ARTY, BSO
Market, room 10. '■
BARGAIN; RESTAURANT: Al LOCATION:
X> good business; Investigate this. LYNCH, 935
Market st. .. ; : "
NAP; SALOON; GOOD LOCATION: RARE
chance; see this. LYNCH. 935 Market st.
INEB 1 OPKNIN* IN -THE STATE FOR A
} JUNES OPENIN* IN THE STATE FOR A
real live milliner; a store for rent in O. A. ,
HALE & CO 'S building, San Jose, connected with
their mammoth dry-poods house; write or inquire
at Btore for particulars. O. A. HALE & CO., San
Jose, Cal. . ■
ROCEKY AND BAR: RARE CHANCE: !
vX cheap; leaving city. 1552 Folsom st, j
OR SALE, CHEAP— GROCERY AND BAR.
' Apply 117 Second st. -
IRST- CLASS BUTCHER - SHOP; HORSE
and cart; good trade. Apply this office.
OR SALE— PRODUCE, NOTION AND 08.6-
-eery: 4 rooms: store. Apply this office.
UTCHER-MHOP; CHEAP: ON ACCOUNT
IX> of siCKness. 1806 Howard st. . : ,
©97 Pi FINE, OLD ESTABLISHED SiT
»v — i *)• loon ; good location; cheap rent. 1026
Larkin st. . ,________■___
CJ*-| \(\f\ PARTNER WANTED; A LI V IS
tJpXO"'U. man; half interest in a manufactur-
ing and bottling business; one that Is willing to
take wagon route: full value for the money In- j
vested; reference given and required. Call on
GUS I. BI.KVIN, 621 Howard St., 8. F.
TEADY HONEST MAN AS PARTNER IN
well-paying restaurant : will clear good wages
. at present; good \ rospect of increase in business;
»160 required. See LUNDIN & CO., 1035 Market.
/IROCERY ANDBAR: i;ORSE AND \VA' ON;
U3 years' lease; no opposition. Apply Califor-
nia Brewery, Douglas and Diamond sts. .... :■ ■;-.■'
(Bl*)syZ. BARGAIN: RESTAURANT 20
fjpjj^it). Stockton si.; complete outfit. Apply
829 Mission st. ■.■.-■■ -' .;:.;.. ;
THIRST-CLASS SALOON: CHEAP; FINE
X cash register, safe and private rooms. 209 Ellis.
<£zt^rt RESTAURANT: WELL ESTAB-
: »4P^±«JU. llshed; good steady trade; everything
in good running order; rent paid April 1; sure bar-
gain. ■: 126 Ninth st.
IP OR SALE— GOOD BAKERY; GOOD REASON
J? for selling. Apply this office. ;
MALL MORNING AND EVENING ROUTES,
dally papers. Ap. 6to 7 p.m., 1713 a Buchanan.
ffli'AAA INTERIOR AGENCY OF* THIB
<Jp«JvUl/. paper for sale. Inquire at this office.
PARTNER IN WELL-ESTABLISHED PAINT
X store and house-pal nttng business; one with
■ some : experience ■ preferred; ': must . have i about
> f 1600 in cash or in property: full investigation;
1 rarest opportunity. Address, with references, T.,
box 71, this office. ;. ...
\ (J; I lAA CHICKEN RANCH FOR SALE:
«JpXXUU. cheap rent; 1000 laying hens, 300
young chickens, horse and wagon,' harness, cow
and tools. : Inquire MR»E. ARNDT, 529 Sixth at.
HOTEL, WITH BAR AND 34 ROOMS; ALL
I occupied : . north of Market st. ; run by present
owner 10 years; everything in good condition: Is
cheap; for sale on account of departure from busi-
ness. Apply at 400 Bay st., cor. Mason, 8. F.
ffl.-] CrtA FOR INTEREST IN A ; WELL-
vrXt)Uv/ established grocery and general mer-
chandise Business: stock and fixtures worth $3600;
one partner retiring; . Investigation solicited. Ap-
ply call Office. .■ . -'' '- : . ";■-:■ : . :
A SNAP; -CIGAR- STAND DOING A GOOD
business, for sale, on account of other business. .
See proprietor between 11 and 1 o'clock, 1 Taylor.
/CORNER GROCERY AND BAR; CHEAP IF
\J sold at once. 321 Twenty-fourth at. / ■
OR: SALE— SALOON: OLD STAND. 2862
Mission St.; call from 12 to 1.,;,ir? ,
SPLENDID BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY FOR
alive man: grocery and bar for sale, cheap: 9
| living-rooms: rent only $20: good reasons. Apply
this office; principals only. -■•.:■:■-.' i. : -}:J.. .:j- '
ANTED— TENANT. FOR THE MoMAHO.V
' »» House . in - Ilolilster: very favorable lease to
right party furniture, carpets and fixtures at half
price. Apply to THOMAS McMAHON, 628 Mar-
! ket st. . . ■ ';/■■ ';;.:>-; ■■: , : ;■■'- ■■;
BF SiyKSS CHAM CKS-Contlanefl .
■;ffl» CCA BUTTER, EGG AND FANCY GRO-
iSOU\J, eery business; Market St.; clears $ 100
per month. CULVER &COLTON, 906 Market st.
<Hj I F\(\f\ MILK ROUTE AND It) FINE
tIP -I O\J\J. milking cows, 4 horses, harness, a
wagons, cans and everything included! 45 Capp. -
T IQUOR-STORE FOR SALE. 213 THIRD
JU street. . * ; •.•-,■■
6 WAGON-MAKERS- WANTED PARTNER
In old-established shop in this city; first-class
woodworker preferred. Address P. O. 8., box 110.
Call. :-. - .. : --.-■■ •_ - -.- -■■..-. -. -
OR SALE-ONE OF THE BEST- EQUIPPED,
best-paying and • best-known livery stables;
located in one of the best livery towns in the trtate:
this is a snap that will bear full investigation ;
reason for selling other business demands entire
attention. Address Livery, box 70, Call Office, or
P. O. box 828, San Jose.
APER ROUTE FOR SALE, TELEGRAPH
i Hill district, covers 18 blocks; can be bought
cheap, and chances for increase are very good.
Apply this office, principals only. :
\\r ANTED TO BOY A GOOD BUSINESS ; 410
» » Kearny st., room 6. -
CAlU'iii' ti.i ANiNti.
T^e^t^^s^er^Ttl^vm^arpet^b^at^
U ing works; latest Improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORGE.otBce 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 263.
pARPETS~CLKANED. 3c PKR YARD; BE-
\J laid, 6c per yard. S. STRATTON, ID Eighth.
pITY STEAM CARPET CLEANING.BENOVA-
\J Ung, 38 Bth. EVENS, m«r. Tel. South 250.
CARPETS ILUKKI) AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. MACKINTOSH CO., successors.
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEANING CO., 240
• 14th st. cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
• ovating works. 453 Stevenson: tel. south 228. !
XTATIONAL CARPET BEATING AND RENO-
1> vatlng Works HAMFfON&BAILLY: layin? !
and altering. 313-315 Guerrero-. Tel. Mission '244.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPA ULDING'S PloneerOar-
p*t Beating Works. 853-7 Teaama: teL 80-40.
/ IONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORK* 3iS
\J Goldon Gate aye. : telephone east 126.
HOUSES.
poNTEjPrs^ u^^r^-nnKiTsALL btXble^
\J cor. Geary and Leaven worth sts., sold at auc-
tion Tuesday, March 10, at 11 o'clock.
ORSES PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch, 630 Commercial st.
"1 ST-CLASS PASTURAGE; PLENTY WATER
and feed year round. G.W. LUCY, 318 Market st.
UNSET HORSE MARKET, 220 VALENCIA—
Horses, mules, wagon*, buggies and harness,
] Cn SETS NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
J.OV/ ness: all kinds; wagons, buggies, horses and
scrapers; sand-wagons. 1128 Mission st.
T\R. C. H. WESTPHAL, VETERINARY SUB-
XJ Keon for S. F. Police Department. Office and
hospital, 121 City Hall are.: telephone south 401.
| A(\ HORSES FOR SALE: ALSO WAGONS
| "1/ buggies, carts, harness; Grand Arcade Hone
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every We" tier
■ day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
i I tifk SETS SECOND-HAND HAKNESS; ALL
j JLUI/ kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
, also 20 cheat) horses. Fifteenth and Valencia nts.
PHYSICIANS. V
I HEMoTE^^D^r^r7r^O^bN3TF^"fo~l^o6
| XV Market st. ; diseases or woman a specialty.
R.A.DKLUCIS.PHYSICN-SURGEON.ROYAL
University Turin, ltaly. Nucleus b11K.661 Markt
Additional Classified Adrtiseve-
ments on Page 13.
mm— MiauAtiEs— mmC
BORN.
I AIGELTINGER-In this city, February 29, 1896,
to the wife of Ed H. Algeltinger, a son.
BRODERICK— In this city, February 23, 1893,
to the wife of T. B. Broderick, a daughter.
CARROLL— In this city, February 12, 1896, to tbe
wife of C. J. Carroll, a daughter. ■
DOUGHERTY— In this city, March 2, 1896, to the
wife of John J. Dougherty, ■ twins— a son and
daughter.
FEY— In West Berkeley. February 28, 1896, to the
wife of Charles A. Fey, a son.
HICKEY— In this city, March 1, 1896, to the wife
J. M. Hickey, a daughter.
I MURPHY— In this city, February 24, 1896, to the
wife of James C. Murphy, a son. .
i MEEHAN— In this city, February 16. 1896, to the
■ \ wife of P. J. Meehan, a daughter.
I McELROY— In this city, March 2. 1896, to the
wife of Thomas McElroy, a son. •
McDEVITT-In this city, March 6, 1896, to the
wife of James McDevitt, a Hon.
PRATT— In this city, March 6, 1896, to the wife of
Dr. E. W.Pratt, a son.
I SIMON— this city, March •£, 1896, to the wife Of
George Simon a daughter. .
! TAY— In this city, March 3, 1896, to the wife of
\ • Charles F. Tay, a daughter. •
MARRIED
CHIPPERFIELD — H OWLAND — In this city.
March 6. 1896, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, A.
E. Chippcrfleld and Alice B. Howland, both of
fan Francisco.
ELORDUY— SILVER— In Oakland. December 4,
I 895, by Justice of the Peace Frederick C. Clift,
Cirilo J. Elorduyof the City of Mexico and Esther
. R. Silver of san Francisco.
GRIFFITH— STRUTHERS— In this city, March
4.'1896, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, O. T. Grif-
; nth and Miss F. M. Struthers, both of San Fran-
cisco.
HOGAN— WARNOCK— In this city. March 1,
1896, by the Rev. Father Santandreu, Patrick
Hogan and Mary Warnock. both of San Francisco.
McDON \ McGUIRE— In this city. February
18, 1896. by the Rev. Father O'Connell, D. j.
McDonald of fan Francisco and Alice G. , Me-
Gulre of Oakland. . •
ROACH— CA SSI DY— ln this city, February 9,
1896, by the Rev. Father Brady, ■ Joseph Roach
and Mary A. Cossidy, both of San Francisco.
SAYERS-GILKYSON— In Berkeley, February
28, 1896, by the Rev. W. D. Williams, J. W.
Sayers-of Alameda and Ruth Gllkyson of
Berkeley.
SLATTERY-HUGHES— In this city, February
13, 1896, Edgar F. Slattery and Catherine A.
Hughes. I • .
TALBOT-MISKEL— In this city. February 18.
1896, by the Rev. Father Doran, Edward Talbot
and Mary Miskel, both of San Francisco.
WHORF— BROWN— In tnls city, February 9,
1806. by the Rev. W. D. Williams, A. D. Whorf
and Miss M. Brown, both of San Francisco.
1 • DIED.
Arnold, John F. ■ Main, William W.
Baglin, Hugh ■ i ' Merguire, Fannie A.
Breed. Edward A. • Moriarty, Julia
Ball, Adelaide L. Me Kenzie, John
Cunningham, Mrs.M.A. O'Callaghan, James
Chandler. George C Pratt (infant) •
Clark, John H. Rice. Cecelia
Condon, James Richmond, Charles W.
Daniby, Julia Reynolds, Samuel W.
Fergueson. William Sprague, Adna
Gebhardt, Theresia . Sullivan, Edward N.
Goodspeed.Mrs. Lucy C. Schaumloaffel, Johanna
Hesse, Frank Shea, Cornelius J.
lversen, Elsie K. Steiner. Kmilte C. J
Jordan, Frank Smith, Joseph
Keniston, Mamie E. Thomson. Monroe
Lund. Catherine Wertherall, Mary
Weber, Sophia H.
i ARNOLD— In this City, March 7, 1896. John
- Franklin, beloved husband of Laura Ann
Arnold, and father of Herbert F. Arnold, Mrs.
A. A. Hatch and Mrs. C. W. Dak'en, a native of
Massachusetts, aged 69 years and 11 months.
BAG UN— ln this city, March 7. 1893, Hugh
; Baglin, a native of Ireland, aged 64 years. -
BREED-In Capitola, Cal., March 6, 1896, Edward
; A. Breed, a native of Lynn, Mass., aged 73 years
and 5 months. I Boston paper* please copy.J
J63~The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at : 2 o'clock -p. M.. from the par-
lors of N. Gray & Co., 641 Sacramento street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. . •
BULL— In this city, March 7, 1896. Adelaide
Lutitia, wife of Henry M. Bull, a native of Cali-
fornia, aged 34 years. •
jßST Friends are respectfully invited to attend i
the funeral services TO-MORROW (Monday), at
II o'clock a. m., from her late residence, 3230
Jackson street. I .. ■'
CUNNINGHAM— In this city, March 6, 1896, Mrs.
M..A. Cunningham. [Cincinnati (Ohio) papers
please copy.J
: . t(3~ Friend are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral THIS DAY, (Sunday), at 2 o'clock
r. m., from the residence -R. A. Bourne, 2120
. Bush street. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
CHANDLER— In this city, March 6, 1896, George
C. beloved husband of Margaret Chandler, father
of George L. Chandler, stepfather of I'.ose de la
Hauttere and Sister Mary St. Aloysius L. N. D.,
-. and brother of W. S. and Sylvester Chandler,
a native of London, England, aged 63 years 6|
month < and 23 days.
£s~ Friends and . acquaintances are respect-
I fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9 o'clock a. m.. from his late resi-
dence, 1613 Golden Gate avenue, thence to Holy
Cross Church, where a requiem high mass will
. be celebrated for the repose of his soul, commenc-
I ing at 9 :30 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery. SSjaS@a&
! CLARK— In this City, March 7, 1896, John H., be-
loved husband of Lizzie (.lark, father of Mamie,
Marcella, Lizzie and Margaret Clark, and brother
of Patrick and Annie Clark, a native of County
Westmeath, 'Ireland, aged 58 years. • ,
««~FriiT,<u and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO MORROW
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clocK a.m.. from bis late
i-. residence, 219 Elm ■ avenue, of? -Van Ness, be- ;
" tween Golden Gate * avenue • and .Turk street, •
- thence to St. Mary's Cathedral, where a solemn
. requiem mass will be celebrated for the repose of
'his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Inter-'
. ment Holy Cross Cemetery. ' : . ; ■ . :
CONDON— the-Clty and County Hospital, March
6. 1896, James Condon, aged 40 years. .;' : '
DANIHY— In this city, March 7, 1896, Julia, be-
■; loved wife of Timothy Danihy, mother -of
Thomas, Timothy, Mary and Daniel Danihy, and
sister of Michael . Cos.ello, | a native of County
Kerry, Ireland, aged 60 years 8 months and 5
da vs. f-.--:..*\> --.■ _:_. .;,;.■-■"■ ; --.-,-. . ' :' :■.•>:•-. ■■;;'■■■.;
- *s~Friends and ' acquaintances are respect-
| fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
I (Sunday), at 1 :30 o'clock < p.m.. from her late
' resldence,44s Minna street, thence to St. Patrick's
Church for services. Interment Mount Calvary 1
■ Cemetery. 'i:%- V-
FERGUESON-In this city, March 6, 1896, Wil- |
- Ham Fergneson. beloved friend of Thomas
Patton. a native of the parish of Kljtargal. Car-
kicky. County Donegal. Ireland, aged 65 years 1
month and 4 days.
m j(S-Frlends • and acquaintances are re&gKtr
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from tne residence
of Thomas Patton. 430 Tenth street. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
GEBUARDT-In this city, March 6. 1896, The-
resia, widow of the late Frederick Gebhardt, ana
• beloved mother of • Fred. Charlie. Marie ana
George Gebhardt, a native of Bavaria, , Germany,
aged 65 years 10 months and 11 days.
j»3-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fulTv Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 8 o'clock a. if from her late resi-
dence, 25% Hardy s-reei. between Sixteenth
and .-eventeenth. Church and Sanchez streets,
thence to St. Boniface Church, Golden Gate
avenue, where a hi?h requiem mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Mount Calvary
' Cemetery.
GOODSPEED— In this city, March 7. 1836. Mrs.
Lucy C. Goodspeed, a native of Wisconsin, aged
61 years. • •
*S"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the fam-
ily residence. 2408 Mission street. Interment
private, Mountain View Cemetery. Oakland.
HESSE— In this city. March 5. 1896. Frank Hesse,
a native of St. Gangloff, Thuringen, Germany,
aged 41 years. ,
Friends ana acquaintances are respect-
fully lnvitea to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday); at 2 o'clock p. m.. from Teutonla Hall.
1322 Howard street, where the funeral services
will be held und-r the auspices of Gesellschaft
• Teutonla. Remains at the parlors of Theodor
DierßS. 957 Mission street, between Fifth and
Sixth. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
IVERSEN— In this city, Elsie X., infant daughter
of C. M. and Kate lversen, aged 4 months and '44
days.
JORDAN— In this city, March 6, 1896, Frank, be-
loved son of Charles G. and Mary E. Jordan, and
brother of Dudley. George and Maud Jordan, a
native of San Francisco, aged 11 years and 5
months.
tiT Friends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of bis parents, 028% Natoma street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. Please omit flowers
KENISTON— In this city. March 5, 1896, Mamie
E., beloved wife of Joseph E. Kentston, mother of
Dorothy E. Kemstou, eldest daughter of Mary C.
and the late James E. Legge, and sister of Ed-
ward and Clara Legge, a native of San Francisco.
«B"The funeral will take place THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. m.. from the resi-
dence of her mother, 39Va Zoe street, thence to
St. Rose's Church for services. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
LUND— In this city, March 7, 1896, Catherine
. dearly beloved daughter of Captain H. C. and
Nellie Lund, and granddaughter of Mr. and Mrs.
M. McDonnell, a native of San Francisco, aged A
months and 6 days.
j6fS~Notlce of funeral hereafter.
MAIN— In tnls city, March 5, 1896, William
Washington, dearly beloved husband of Medora
Thaolin Main, and father of Mrs. J. C. Fitz-
gerald, Mrs. Ida T. Tarbox, Mrs. Owen H. Wynne
and Alice L. and Stanford W. Main, a native of
Boston, Mass., aged 67 years and 32 days.
[Boston papers please copy.j
' JO* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock w. m., from bis late resi-
dence, 911 Oak street.
MERGUIRE— In this city, March 7, 1896, Fannie
A., widow of the late George H. Mergnire.. and
mother of F. A. and C. L. ' Merguire and Mrs.
Jonn McClunie, a native of Brunswick, Maine,
aged 60 years 6 months and 17 duvs.
MORIARTY— In this city, March 6, 1896, Julia,
relict of the late Dennis Moriarty. and mother of
Michael, Dennis and the late Mary E. Moriarty.
a native of Glanmier, County CorK, Ireland, aged
65 years.
JB3" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. m.. from her late
residence, 6i£ Decatur street, off Bryant, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church for services, commencing at 2 o'clock
p. m. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McKENZIE— A McKenzle's Ranch, Sonoma
County, Cal., March 4, 1896. John, beloved father
of Margaret. William A. and Kenneth E. Me-
Kenzie ana Mrs. Eliza Hocking, a native of Scot-
land, aged 75 years and 26 days.
D3~Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Monday), It 11
o'clock a. m.. from 19 Van Ness avenue, thence
by 11:45 train irom Valencia and Twenty-fifth,
streets, to Cypress Lawn Cemetery, where ser-
vices will be held at the chapel.
O'CALLAGHAN— In this city. March ft, 1896,
James, beloved son of Mary and the late D. J.
O'Callaghan, and brother or Lizzie, Joseph and
Theresa O'Callagban arid Mrs. William J. Smith,
a native of San Francisco. Cal., aged 34 years.
US" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 8:39 o'clock a. m., from his late
residence, 23l Oak street, -hence to acred Heart
Church, ' where a solemn requiem mass will
be celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
PRATT— In this city, March 6, 1896, infant son of
Dr. and Mrs. E. W. Pratt.
RICE- In this city. March 5, 1896, Cecelia, beloved
wife of Frank Rice, a native of Albany, N. V ,
aged 32 years. Albany (N. V.) papers please
copy.] : -
. AT* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock a. m.'.' from, the par-
lors of James Hacan, 445 Valencia street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' })
RICHMOND— In this city, March 1896, at the
residence of nis daughter, Mrs N. B. Strong,
Charles W. Richmond of La Grange, 111.
REYNOLDS— In the City ana County Hospital.
March 7, 1896, Samuel W. Reynolds, aged 39
years.
SULLIVAN— In Oakland, March 7, 18P6. Edward
N. Sullivan, loving son of Michael Sullivan, and
brother Of Michael. George and Margaret Sulli-
van, a native of California, aged 20 years 6
months and 1 day. . ■ -
,BSrFrienas and acquaintances are respect-
fully invitea to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Monday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her father, 680 East Fourteenth street, Oak-
land, . thence to St. Anthony's Churcn, where
services will be : held. Interment St. Mary's
Cemetery, Oakland.
SPRAGUE— In this city, March 7, 1896, Adna,
beloved husband of Maggie Sprague, a native of
Hinsham, Mass.. aged 70 years.
JOSTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
" fully Invited to attend the funeral TUESDAY,
March 10. at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the Knights
of Pythias Castle. 909 Market street, where
- services will be held nnder the an spices of
Laurel Lodge No. 4, Knights of Pythias. Inter*
ment Masonic Cemetery. ■-
SCHAUMLOEFFEL— in this city, March 6, 1896,
Johanna Schaumloeffel (nee Noonan), wife of
M. Schaumloeffel, a native of County Cork, Ire-
land, aged 63 years. [Denver (Colo.) and Balti-
more (Md.) papers please copy.J
Friends are respectfully Invited to attend
the funeral TO-MORROW (Monday), at 1 o'clock
p. -m., from her late residence. Fifteenth and
Tilden streets.
SHEA— In this city, March 6. 1896, Cornelius J.,
beloved son of the late John and Catherine Shea,
and brother of Mary Ellen, Catherine, Abble and
the late Johnnie Shea, a native of Sacramento,
Cal., aged 24 years and 20 days. [Sacramento
(Cal.) papers please copy.]
AST Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 9:30 o'clock a. m.. from the funeral
parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
STEINER— At Bay View, South San Francisco,
March 5, 1896. Emilie Charlotte Johanna, widow
of he late Emanuel Steiner, and mother of Paul
F. E. Steiner. and George, Herman and Chris-
tian Hofstetter and Mrs. Emily Lafourguette.
a native of Ulm. Wurctemberg, Germany, aged
70 years 4 months and 29 days.
JdfJ" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. it., from her late
residence, Bay View, South San Francisco, thence
to St. Paul's Lutheran Church, corner Eddy and
Gough street, where funeral services will be held
at 2 o'clock p. m. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city. March 7, 1896, Joseph, hus-
band of Clara J. smith, and father of Jennie
Chase, Martha . Sutton, Mrs. Florence Fletcher
- and Emma. Gertrude and Arthur Smith, a na-
tive of England. {Boston ; (Mass.) and Seattle
(Wash.) papers please copy.] . ■
JHTNotlceof funeral hereafter.
THOMSON -In Shasta County, Cal.. March 0,
1896, Monroe Thomson, a native of New York,
agel 74 years.- - .
t&" Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the funeral services THIS DAY (-unday). at
3 o'clock p. if., at his ■ late residence. 16X8
Broadway. Interment strictly private, Laurel
Hill Cemetery. Please omit flowers.'
WERTHERALL— In Honolulu, February 17,
1896. Mary, wife of Samuel Wertherall, and
sister of Mrs. W. H. Hoogs of San Francisco.
WEBER— this city, March 6. 1896, Sophia H.,
beloved daughter of Henry and Louise Weber,
and sister of Henry Weber, Mrs. Henry Doscher,
Mrs. H.Jacobson ; and Mrs. Theo Bippen, a na-
tive of California, aged 30 years.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock p. m., from the residence
of her parents, 118 d Juniper street, between
Tenth and Eleventh, off Harrison. Interment
■ i. O. O. F. Cemetery. _
I UNITED UNDERTAKERS'
EMBALMING PARLORS.
Everything Requisite for First-class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates.
Telephone 3167. 27 aod 29 Fifth street.
I JVICAVOY & CALLACHER, 1
FDNFRAL DIRECTORS & EXBALHKB9,
90 Vlftfe St., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone 808 a
Jas. McM«no««t. ■"""""" McMzkou «t:
JAMES McMENOMEY ft SON.
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEKS,
■ 1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
TeJ«photu> Mo. 3864.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND '. EMBALMERS,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market st., San Francisco
Telephone »-o. 156. • - . ..
CYPRESS LAWN CEMETERY,
TIC SAN MATEO COUNTY; NON-SECTARIAN.
1 laid oat on the lawn plan; perpetual eire: bea£
Ufnl, permanent and easy of access: see it oaf m
ovliig a burial place elsewhere. ■ - aminm
City office, V City Hall Avon**Interesting Report of Important Up-to-Date News Items in Alameda County
MUHL NER'S CHANCE LOST
He Can Again Be Tried for the
Murder of Miss
Lewis,
JUDGE FRICK IS SUSTAINED.
A Ruling of the Supreme Court That
Applies to an Interesting Case
Now Before It.
Oakland Office Sax Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 7. )
I ouis Mnhlner will be tried again fur
the murder of Jennie Lewis. The opinion
of the Supreme Court in the case of Chris-
Kuntte contains a paragraph that
settles the case of Muhlner.
After the jury returned with a verdict of
manslaughter against the slayer of Jennie
Lewis, Judge Frick refused to accept it.
He created great surprise by his decision,
as it was the first time that a jucge in this
county had taken such a stand in a murder
trial. Judge Flick was satisfied that the
evidence was sufficient to warrant the find
ing of a verdict of murder. He therefore
granted a new trial on the ground that the
jury had erred in returning a verdict of
manslaughter.
The opinion upon which Judge Frick
based his order is one of the most peculiar
that was ever delivered from the California
bench. It raises a question whether a de
fendant has a legal right to complain in
the event of a verdict of guilty of a crime
less in degree than is warranted by the
evidence. He said the question whether
the defendant could take advantage of
such a condition was a most important
one, and he deemed it wise that appeal
&h ould be taken from his order to the Su
preme Court. He eaid there was no case
o n record in California in which the ques
tion had ever been decided.
District Attorney Church prepared his
bill of exceptions, and the matter sent
to the Supreme Court, and will probably
be reached about June. The decision ren
dered by the court Thursday contains the
following sentence:
"In the eXercise of that power he should
always satisfy himseli that the evidence.
■ as a whole, is sufficient to sustain the ver
dict found, and if in his sound judgment
it does not, he should unhesitatingly say
bo any set the verdict aside."
The Judge, by the opinion, is practically
given" unlimited power, and if he be not
. convinced beyond a reasonable doubt,
then he may set the verdict aside, even
though it be unanimous.
It was tnought the "twice in jeopardy"
plea might prevent M.ulilner from being
tried for any crime greater than that of
the verdict, . viz., manslaughter. This
theory is now exploded, and, unless, the
'Supreme Court reverses itself in a few
weeks, which is not very.likely, the second
trial of Muhlner will beheld as though he
had never been tried. .Under these cir
cumstances, it is yet possible that Muhl
ner may be found guilty of murder in the
Brat degree, in accordance with Judge
trick's idea.
READY FOR TRIAL.
The Complaint of Voting Adams Ex
purgated by the Court.
OAKLAND, t Cm-.. -March Attorney
-HyadciAati btcanie rather, heated in court
to'-uay^ lHe .was appearing for Mrs. Nita
Day-Adalas in the suit brought by her
youthful husband, Fred Stuart Adams, to
annul the clandestine marriage contracted
at Martinez. He waxed eloquent in de
nunciation of the somewhat erotic ex
pressions in the pleadings describing what
took place at certain little dinners at
which the fair Nita and Freddie were to
gether and the .wine flowed freely.
VI claim," said he, "that such alloca
tions are a scandalous, outrageous assault
upon a woman, and an attorney who would
plead such things ought to be severely
reprimanded. It is not proper to go into
what -might occur on such occasions. Is
it to be supposed that they would sit like
cold statues or obelisks under such circum-
Btances?. It is- not alleged that he was
flushed with wine when the marriage was
performed;"
. Ex-Judge C. N. Fox replied with some
heat: "As to the personal insults of the
attorney for this woman, I shall not reply
to them, but I claim that these are proper
matters to go into upon this trial. This
woman played upon the passions of an in
fant who had not arrived then at the men
tal condition that would enable him to re
sist her blandishments. We take the
proof upon ourselves. She may be thank
' ful that it is not more broadly stated."
■ In reply Attorney Hyndeman said:
"How can we meet such pleadings? If I
could attach this young "man to the an
ewer or make him an exhibit in the case,
if we could it would show what fol-de-rol
this pleading is. It is an attempt to make
this case so disagreeable, to go into mat
ters i:i the past which they have no right
to, ana force this woman to capitulate. I
appeal to your Honor as a humanitarian
and as a man to strike out this language."
Judge Frick ordered the words pbjected
to stricken out, except as to the
fact : that .. she filled him up
•with - wine. . ' ' Some other material
allegations were stricken out. The bal
ance of the ■ complaint' was allowed to
Btand and the general demurrer Jwas over
ruled. The. case will now have to go to
trial unless settlement is effected outside
of the courts. • '■' - . ■ ■
BAPTIST RECEPTION.
Cordial Welcome Extended to Rev.
. " ' Philip Graif.
' OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— A largely
attended reception was held last night in
the First Free Baptist Church to welcome
the new' pastor, Rev. . Philip Graif. The
ball was tastefully decorated and among
the audience was a large number of min
isters from both sides of the bay. Dr.
Coyle, president of the Ministerial Asso
ciation, welcomed the new pastor on be
hail of that body and paid a very high
tribute to his ability, both as a lecturer
and a pulpit orator. *, . .
' Dr. Coyle referred to the many occasions
'on -which Dr. Graif has attained dis
tinctions and expressed his sincere gratiu
c'atio'n at the choice of the congregation.
• Dr. Farnham, a missionary from China,
was also Voreaent and spoke, and Dr. Me-
Bprve of San Francisco made a speech. On
behalf of the congregation Professor Bur
rell made a speech of welcome and referred
to the perfect unanimity that exists in the
church, and the general desire to work to
getherto build up the congregation. Sev
eral other pastors and laymen spoke i and
come of the ladies assisted in the : enter
taining.' Alter the 'reception the ladies
served a sumptuous banquet and the new
pastor was launched ; on his permanent
pastorate under most favorable auspices.
■ .'■ TWO /BUSINESS FAILURES. -
. Jonas Brothers Go l"uder on Account
of Heavy Fire tosses. ;
OAKLAND, Oal.. March 7.— The Jonas
BroF.Clothine Company has become embar
rassed as a result of the big fire at the Santa
Cruz House a year ago, mi which they lost ,
$31,000. Thursday the First National Bank
levied an attachment for $7000, but believ
ing that the" matter could be adjusted the
• : affair was kept quiet. Yesterday the ; San
.Francisco Board of. Trade levied another
attachment for $14,000, and a receiver was
appointed.
Abraham Jonas, the head of the firm, is
very prominent in Jewish circles. He was
president of the Oakland Hebrew Congre
gation for some years and is now treasurer.
He was grand president of the B'nai B'rith
until last January. The affairs of the firm
are in the hands of their attorneys, Jacobs
& Wolfe, from it Is learned that the firm
owes about $90,000, with assets of nearly
$GO.OOO aL present valuation. Most of the
indebtedness is due to Eastern creditors,
though it is in debt to a great many
wholesale houses in the city. The princi
pal creditors here are the First National
Bank of Oakland. Murphy, Grant & Co.,
Levi Btrauss & .Co., xNeustadter Brothers,
Lewis Meyerstein, Buckingham <fc Hecht,
Triest & Co. of San Francisco.
If the Eastern creditors are willing ar
rangements will be made by which the
firm can continue in business.
Caesar Isaacs, who established the very
first dry-goods house i:i Oaklar.d, has also
failed. Isaacs never had a lame store and
his liabilities are under $2000.
TVarde Will Lecture.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— The
Womans' Exchange has arranged for a
lecture by Frederick Ward e next Friday
at 2:30 p.m. in the Fi-st Congregational
Church. This hour is fixed so as to ac
commodate the pupils of the schools.
His subject will be "The Women of
Shake&peare."
St. Mary's College.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— The mem
bers of the class of '96 of St. Mary's Col
lege are preparing to entertain their
friends with a musical and literary enter
tainment on Monday, March 16, in honor
of St. Patrick's day. The orator of the
evening will be W. A. Kelly of San Fran
cisco. The poet is Maurice J. Kiely of
Grass Valley.
At the M: -ilouongh.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— Frederick
W arde opens to-morrow night (Monday)
with "King Lear." The sale for the entire
week is very large and a brilliant success is
assured.
HISTOKY OF A DAT.
Alameda County Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office Bab Fraxcisco Call, \
908 Broadway, March 6. {
Aaron Bretz has retired from tne weekly pa
per known as Industry and has been succeeded
by P. B. I'reble and S. K. Hummer. |
Judge Ellsworth gave judgment yesterday
in favor oi John Rohan ior against Wil
liam J. Cody, for the support oi his daughter
by Rohan, who is his stepson.
Henry Smith, charged with drawing a razor
on Joseph Scannell, his old enemy, appeared
in tne Police Court this morning and through
his attorney. Abe P. Leach, pleaded not guiliy
and the case was set for trial onThursday next.
The Oakland Athletic Clnb gave a banquet
last night to its members at the clubrooms,cor
ner of Hollis and B streets, North Oakland, in
commemoration oi the victory achieved by-
Harry Gelder at the Acme Club on Feb
ruary 11.
Tbe Young Men's People's Party Club held
an enthusiastic meeting last evening at KXKJJj
Broadway. President Cornell related his cam
paign experiences, while a Congressional can
didate and lour new members were admitted
to the club.
"The First Unitarian Church will hold its
ninth annual meeting next Monday evening.
The Sunday-school orchestra will be in attend
ance, and refreshments will be served. The
treasurer* report, which will be submitted,
will show that the current expense* for tbe
year have been provided for and some reduc
tion made in the building indebtedness.
AN INCORRIGIBLE BOY.
A Deserted Mother With a Big
Family Unable to Re
strain Him.
The Board of Health Endeavoring to
Secure the Establishment of a
Meteorological Institution.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— Nobody
has yet appeared to swear to a complaint
against Muton Blake, the 9-year-oid boy
who stole a letter from the doorstep of
Mrs. Joseph Halloway of 1180 East Oak
land, notwithstanding that the letter con
tained |20 in greenbacks. The money has
been recovered by its rightful owner, but
the letter accompanying it, which was
from her husband in Honolulu, was torn
into bits by the young thief. The money
was recovered through the man whom he
offered to sell it to bringing it and the boy
to the police. The reason no action is
taken by the Postal Department is that
the letter had been delivered and thus
passed out of the hands and control of tha
department when the theft occurred. The
offender might be charged with opening a
letter not addressed to him, but this
charge, it is thought, would not have
availed much. The police have turned the
boy over to bis mother with the under
stand ing that if he is wanted he ohall be
produced forthwith. The boy's moiiieris
having rather a hard time of it. Her hus
band deserted het and ber six children
six months ago, and she rinds it very dif
ficult to get along at best. The boy is not
permitted to attend school because of his
pilfering proclivities. He would seem to
be a fit candidate for a reform school.
Fur a Meteorological Substation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— According
to the Board of Health there were nine
teen birthi during the year— ten female
and nine male.
The board will instruct the Health Offi
cer, now sojourning in Washington, to en
deavor to obtain from the Government
apparatus for a meteorological substation,
to be established in the large tower of the
City Hall and the executive officers of the
Health Department to have charge of it.
A Tour of Inspection.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— The Park
street station agents were surprised this
morning upon the appearance of an in
spection train, composed of directors' car
and Pullmans and dining-car, in which
were carried General Manager Krutt
sennitt, Superintendent Fillmore, Division
Superintendent Wilder, H. E. Huntington
and others of lesser luster. They care
fully inspected the new station and all the
road's interests and property in Aiameda.
Death of Thomas Newth.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— Thomas
Newth died last night at 6 o'clock. He
was a native of Trowbridae, England, and
almost 80 years of age. He was the father
of Mrs. W. W. Dames, wife of tbe well
known photographer; A. T. Newth of Ai
ameua; Captain E. W. Newth, now in the
Arctic in command of the steam whaler
Jeannette, and Mrs. J. R. Wilkins of Phil
adelphia. His funeral will take place from
the Presbyterian Church on Monday at 2
o'clock.
Republican Sleeting.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— The regu
lar Republican Club of Alameda will hold
a meeting this evening at Holtz's Hall,
West End. It will be addressed by James
A. Waymire, General Friedrich, J. P. Mc-
Elroy and C. G. Dodge. This will be the
first, meeting at the West End, and it is
expected to be a large one.
A Church Anniversary.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— The twenty
eighth anniversary of the dedication of the
First Presbyterian Church will be cele
brated to-morrow. In the morning the
pastor, Rev. F. S. Brush, will speak of the
early church organization, its struggles,
etc. In the evening there will be a eong
and praise service.
Arrested for Battery.
ALAMEDA, Cal., March 7.— Henry
Schu'er, proprietor of the Palace brewery,
bad an altercation with bis foreman this
afternoon. The latter was finally arrested
and charged with battery.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAIX, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
GOLD-BRICK SWINDLERS
Gordon and Raymond Held for
Trial and Ward Given His
Liberty.
OTHER VICTIMS HEARD FROM.
A Banker and a Widow Claim That
They Were Swindled by the
Prisoners.
Oakland Office Sas Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 8. j
"Bis Foot," alias Gordon, and Raymond,
alias Nesbit, the gold-brick swindlers, have
been held to answer to the Superior Court
in the sum of $10,000 each by Jud?e Wood
of the Police Court on the charge of
bunkoing Farmer Hofstra of San Jose.
The third one of the trio, Leake, alias
Ward, who ia thought to have played the
part of the Indian, was discharged as he
was not identifier!.
There is little doubt but what the men
will put up the cash bail or place ihe
amount in the bank to the credit of some
one whom they will secure to go on their
bail. It is estimated that the party haa
cleared up no less than $50,000 in this
vicinity at the very lowest calculation, and
if all were known the amoimt might be
swelled to a much larger hgure. It is be
lieved that the men would gladly put up
half of this to be allowed to escape.
While the examination was in progress
to-day an old lady dressed in widow's
weeds sat in a chair in the courtroom, and
confided to*a person sitting near by that
she had been swindled out of $9000 by the
same gang of operators, but she was very
anxious that it should not get out. She
said that she would not do anything about
it unless the swindlers escaped the pres
ent charge. If this should happen she
would come forward and teli the whole
story. She was accompanied by an old
gentleman, and before leaving the court
room the lady gave "Big-foot Dave" a
very hard lopk. According to her story
herhusband had been dead but a short
time when the honest old miner showed
up and interested her in his swindle.
She said she lived about a hundred miles
from here.
It has been reported to the police that
a banker in a little town in the Sacra
mento Valley met this same crowd and
assisted them to the extent of $2000. In
return he secured two rine specimens of
brass bricks. It is said he is a man well
advanced in years, well educated and
the head of a banking firm that has the
reputation of being a very conservative
and saie institution. He, too, is very
anxious that his name should not be made
public.
The evidence in the examination to-day
was regarding the storage of the trunks
in which the brass (gold) bricks were
found when their baggage was opened.
J. D. Puker testified to hauling them to
the warehouse. Hamilton Coleman, man
ager for the warehouse, testified to re
ceiving them and marking them in such a
way as to be abie to let Baymond, who
was going under the name of Miller,
send orders for their removal. Later the
trunks were taken out one at a time and
then returned in February. Raymond
explained tne weight of tne trunks by say
ing he was traveling for a hardware firm.
F. R. Williamson testified to furnishing
Gordon ana Hofstra a horse and buggy on
January 9. After being, away about two
hours Gordon returned alone. Sergeant
Hodgkins testified to the arrests and of
Raymond tearing up a note in his
presence, which he pieced together. It
was as follows:
San Francisco, Cal.
Mr. Marcvte— Dear Sir: Please let bearer
have telescope No. 3. The other baggage (two
trunks) will leave with you for probably two
months or more ; bearer will pay storage un
til I aend for them. Yours respectfully,
C. F. Miller.
The officer then identified the various
articles found in the outfit, including a
pair of shoes with the name Mills marked
in them, which was found in Raymond's
trunk. Mills id Gordon's alias. He
claimed that he had never known Ray
mond until a few days before the arrest.
When arrested he said his name was
Millß. This closed tbe case, and the court
made the order holding the two and dis
missing the other.
PRAISE FOR OLDEN BOURG
The Prospective Duke Receives
MaDy Congratulatory-
Messages.
Woman Suffragists Out .ins Plans for
Carrying the Constitutional
Amendment — Notes.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7.—Congratu
latory messages by the wholesale have
been sent to-day to Charles Louis Otden
bourg, the U. C. student, by his many
Berkeley friends, complimenting him on
his prospects of succeeding his uucle to
the title of Duke of Oldenbourg and of ac
quiring all the wealth that goes with the
royal cognomen. The prospective heir
went to Stanford University yesterday
morning on a visit to his fraternity broth
ers there and to attend the cotillon held
last night. There is much rejoicing among
his university friends here over the reports
of his good fortune, and tc-day "the com
ing duke" was the taik of the campus.
Numerous theories were advanced as tv
what be will do with all his fortune when
he gets it— whether he will build a castle
on the Rhine and dwell in luxury among
his relatives for the remainder of his days
or whether he will erect an observatory on
the crest of some Rocky Mountain peak,
to stand as a monument in memory of his
love for America.
Though Oldenbourg has not been in
Berkeley since the public announcement
of his enviable good fortune in The Call,
which fact has made it impossible to have
a personal interview with him here, yet
his fraternity brethren state tbat he does
not altogether relish the idea of leaving
the United States and his many friends
here ior a home beyond tht Atlantic.
It was remarked, however, that the pros
pest of coming into possession of the title
and all the vast riches of his uncle will
take him back, notwithstanding his at-
tachments here.
The entire chapter of the Greek letter
fraternity of which he is a member went
to Stanford to-day to join the prospective
duke and to offer him their personal con
gratulations and assist in the merry
making at the Palo Alto institution.
One of his friends at Berkeley to-day,
desirous of playing a joke on Oldenbourg,
sent him a dispatch purporting to be
signed by an official of the university ask
ing him for an endowment for the institu
tion. He will return to bis studies at
Berkeley on Monday.
Lecture by Colonel Greenteaf.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7.—Lieuten
ant-Colonel Charles R. Greenleaf, U. 8. A.,
lectured last night in Stiles Hall on "Hu
manity in War," the lecture being tbe
third of a series being delivered by well
known lecturers under the auspices of the
Unitarian Society. Colonel Qreenleaf de
scribed the advances already made by civ
ilized nations toward more humane meth
ods iv warfare, and gave interesting details
of the work done in war by various hu
manitarian organizations. France was
declared to have been tbe first nation to
introduce methods of caring for the sick
and wounded, Napoleon having organized
a medical department to bis armies,
though from purely utilitarian motives.
The lecture was well attended and Colo
nel Greenleaf's personal experience ena
bled him to illustrate his remarks with in
teresting anecdotes.
Woman Suffrage Campaign.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7.— Rev. Anna
Shaw, the w man-suffrage speaker, will
arrive from tue East next Saturday to
inaugurate in California the woman-suf
frage campaign for the passing of the con
stitutional amendment striking out the
word "male." She will speak in Oakland
on the 17th, in Alameda on the 18th, and
in Berkeley on the 19th. She will speak in
all three places on "The New Man." Mrs.
George W. Hai^ht, pres. .ent of the local
suffrage society, stated this evening, with
regard to the lecture on "The New Man,"
which Miss Shaw will give, ''I am sure
that it will be bright and sparkling and
full of philosophical reasoning drawn from
her personal observations.
"Miss Shaw always takes well, and I am
certain that the lecture which she will
give in Berkeley will be up to her usual
standard, if not above it.
"Our State campaign," said Mrs. Haight,
"will be carried along upon a carefully
planned and systematic basis. Conven
tions will be held in all the important
towns of thf various counties of California,
at which will be present both Miss Shaw
and Miss Anthony, as well as other speak
ers of note from tue East. About May 13
we will hold a tv/o lays' convention in
Oakland with the hope of laying a firm
foundation for the county work."
The local society will hold their regular
monthly meeting in .Stiles Hall next Mon
day afternoon, at which Attorney Green
Majors of Alameda and Mrs. Dr. Kellogg-
Lane of Oakland will spe >k.
Bought a Kailroad.
BERKELEY.CaI., March 7.— Henry But
ters of Berkeley lias purchased the street
railway lines of the City of Mexico, having,
according to report, paid $7,500,000 in Mex
ican money for the property. The pur
chaser is a brother of Mrs. P. R. Bovae of
Berkeley and Charles Butters whose recent
suit for alleged conspiracy against the
Boer Republic of South Africa attracted
much attention. Butters is said to be
backed by London capital in the Mexican
enterprise. He returned to Berkeley some
months ago trom South Africa, having
oeen very successful in the mines there.
Butters is now in Mexico. He will re
turn to Berkeley in about a month and
will spend the summer at his home ia
Shasta County.
A New Paper.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7. — The
Crescent Athletic Club is about to begin
the publication of a weekly paper devoted
to the interests of the club. It will be
edited by C. C. Enislee and various de
partments will be looked after by J. C.
Berry, P. W. Foss, F. B. WUkins, 0. A.
Putzken, W. A. Gompertz, Frank McClain
and Charles Kline.
Delegates Entertained.
BERKELEY, Cal., March 7. — About
fifty delegates from San Francisco, Oak
land, Stockton and Sacramento were ban
queted in the Odd Fellows' Hall to-day by
the Berkeley Chapter of the State Con
clave of Alpha Sitrma. The latter is a
fraternity of gra. mates of high schools
throughout the State.
Prison Life.
BERKELEY, Cal.. March 7.- Mrs. A. B.
Gove, State .superintendent of prison work
for the V.'omen's Christian Tern perai.ee
Union, will lecture on "Prison Life at s»an
Quentin" to-morrow morning at 11 o'clock
iv Friends' Hall, Ashly avenue.
DOING GOOD WORK.
Maps for Distribution of State aud
County Throughout the
tast.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— A large
and enthusiastic meeting of merchants
was held last evening to discuss the work
of the State Development Committee. The
Alameda County delegation was repre
sented by W. H. Weilbye, G. L. Fish. J. A.
Button, J. A. Kemniel and C. 11. Yates.
Messrs. Street, Forsyth and Buckingham
of San Francisco were present and spoke
regarding the plans of the association.
Mr. Weilbye, in speaking of their work,
said:
"The State Development Committee is
composed of 200 prominent public-spirited
men, representing every county in the
State. The object of the committee is to
assist in the development of the various
resources of the entire State and in estab
lishing a market for its products; to en
courage immigration of well-to-do people
and their settlement in jjood homes and
profitable business; to increase travel from
the East and Europe, and to improve the
facilities for entertaiuing tourists in all
sections of the State.
"To accomplish their object the asso
ciation is having 1,500.000 tine half-tone
topographical climatic maps of the State
made, \>n the backs of which are to be
printed accurate and full information
concerning the various counties of the
State. The plan is for each county to pay
for as many of these maps as they desire.
This number is then printed with the
facts of that county along with a fine half
tone colored map of the county. These
will be mailed to Eastern addresses direct
at furnished by the county delegations."
He then subscribed $100 toward the
fund. Messrs. Fish, Button and Keramel
followed with like amounts. 0. R. Yates
added $50. It is believed the balance of
the delegation will do as well or better
when the paper is submitted to them.
The maps of this county will be the first
issued, and will be samples for other sec
tions of ths State to judge of the value of
this work, and they will also be the first to
be sent Ease, and will naturally attract at
tention to this part of the State.
TEACHERS ORGANIZE.
The Alamrda County Teachers' Benefit
Association Formed.
OAKLAND, Cax., MarHi 7.— Some sixty
teachers of Oakland, Alameda, Berkeley
and the county met at the High School to
day at 10 a. m., and after deliberation de
cided to organize for the discussion of all
matters pertaining to the profession that
may come up. The matter of a pension
law will be one item that will be con
sidered. A resolution was passed declar
ing that the teachers assembled would no
longer pay any portion of their salaries to
ward the pension fund under the present
law, and recommended that all the
teachers of the county refuse to pay until
a more intelligible law can be secured.
The temporary organization was effected
by selecting P. M. Fisher as president and
Miss Elizabeth Sherman as secretary and
treasurer. The chair was authorized to
and did appoint a committee on constitu
tion and by-laws consisting of Miss Barah
French of Berkeley, Miss Emma Hilton of
Oakland and Charles True of Alameda.
The meeting adjourned to meet in the
same place at 10 A. M. Saturday, April 13,
at which time a committee from the Ban
Francisco Teachers' Mutual Aid Associa
tion will be present.
Movement? of Tr»m- Atlantic Staamara.
NKW YORK— Arrived M«r 7— Stmr Norge. frm
Copenhagen; stmr Alsa, from Mediterranean
points; stmr Patria, from Marseilles aud Naples.
« — ♦ — •
In Great Britain the yearly loss of wages
through ill-health in abont £11,000,000, and
it is estimated that 40 per cent of those
who start in business fail. March is con
sidered the slackest month for business.
CAME ONE DAY TOO LATE.
Young Hack's Father Intended
to Take His Boy
Home.
CROWDS ATTEND THE MORGUE.
Coroner Baldwin Refuses to Allow
the Curious to View the Vie»
tims of the Tragedy.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, March 7. )
Henry L. Hack of Sacramento, the father
of the young man who murdered Miss Pa
checo and then shot himself, deferred his
visit to Oakland one day too long. He
came down this morning, after receiving
the telegram from the Coroner, and said
that he had intended to come down to-day
and take bis son back.
Hundreds of people thronged around
the morgue to-day, trying to get a
look at the romantic young couple
who had decided to die rather
than be separated, but they were
denied admission. So great was the crush
that a couple of officers were necessary
Borne part of the day to prevent trouble.
This city has no public morgue and the
establishment of an undertaker is always
utilized aa a temporary morgue. This
bding so, Coroner Baldwin refuses to let
the curious see the remains of bodies, ex
cept in cases where they are unidentified.
Tne crush to-day was so great that the
Coroner was forced to hang out a printed
sign, which read: ic Only relatives and
members of the press are permitted to
view the bodies in the morgue."
"Because these people took their lives in
a tragic fashion," said Coroner Baldwin,
"it is no reason why they should be stared
at by eve:y vulgar and morbid person in
town. Tbeir remains are just as private,
as far as the public is concerned, as though
they had died natural deaths. If there
were any purpose to be serv-.d by allowing
the public to see them then I would admit
them. Tiiere is no crime to detect, no
doubt as to the young folks' motives, and
no doubt as to their identification. There
fore there is nothing to be gained by allow
ing thousands of people to gratify their
morbid curiosity."
Councilman Heitman and Supervisor
Johnstone called at tbe morgue and "were
greatly surprised that they should be ex
cluded. The Supervisor took the matter
philosophically when the coroner told
him that the youth's father had asked him
to hold the body till he arrived from Sac
ramento, and that it was therefore under
the same instructions as a private cage.
Councilman ileitinan, however, was not
inclined to take his disappointment so
calmly, and it was very evident that the
Coroner jeopardized one vote by his de
mand for propriety.
OAKLAND, Cal,, March 7.— At the in
quest held to-night I. Hack, the father of
me murderer and suicide, testified to the
facts as told in this morning's papers.
Miss Martinez, a cousin of Diana Pacheco,
told of her sister's methoa o: earning her
living as a domestic and as a waitress, ami
of her regard lor Hack, but had never
heard her mention a desire to die rather
tban be separated from ncr lover.
The jury returned a verdict of murder
and suicide in accordance wit., the letters
Jeft by the young couple, ana the evident
manner of their death as proved by the
position in which they were found.
Puzzling Ouostion.
Mrs. Verger (reading a paper) — The
saloons in New Yorfc are all closed at mid-
night.
Colonel Verger— They are, eh? Well,
where do the poor night policemen goto
get warm and talk over the politics of the
ward?— Texas Sifter.
THE STOCK MAEKET.
The Comstocks were irregular yesterday, some
beiug steadier and others weaker. The higher
priced ones were slightly off as a rule, but there
were no fluctuations worthy of note. Prices at the
clos- were about where they were at the close of
the preceding week, bnt durin? tho interim there
has been a decline aud a subsequent recovery.
On tlve Stock and Bond Exchange San Francisco
gas recovered to $80 Vi»
The Alta and Justice delinquent assessment sales
will be held to-morrow.
The Silver King assessment, of 25 cents per
share, will be delinquent in the company's office
to-morrow.
Mining assessments falling delinquent this
month amouut to $70,500, of which Nevada mines
want $40,000, California mines $14,500 acU Ari
zona mines $25,000.
The weekly report of the Con. Cal. & Va. is as
follows: - ■
165O|level— On the ■ fourteenth floor, the sixth
floor above the sill floor, south 'drift started at
south end of slope has been advanced 10 feet
through quart?", assaying 60 cents uud $1 per ton;
total length, 47 feet. , i
1750 level— Continue to extract some ore from
fifth and' Birth floors above sill floor of this level:
working through {upraise 2 and through upraise 8
carried up from end of west crosscut 3 on sill floor
of this level. ;• ' '■•■■ : ■' •■ :*-
In working to ■ north on I west side of these open-
Ings ore continues to show a width of 3 feet, assay
ing about $34 25 per ton. ' ■ ■
From these openings and from north end of
stop« In old ground of former workings on twelfth,
thirteenth, fourteenth, fifteenth :■ and sixteenth
floors, and from northwest drift upraise on east
side of ledge have extracted 129 ■ tons .of - ore,
average assay value of which, per samples taken
from the cars in mine, was $51 46 per ton...
From the upraise started at 207-foot point in
northwest drift from main west drift from C. &
C. shaft, at a point 50 feet above sill floor, have
worked upward from . seventh to ninth floor,
following streaks of ore which show a width In
top of 2 feet, and have extracted; therefrom 40
tons of ore, assaying »21 60 per ton. - "• -■ • :
1600 level— crosscut from upraise (23 feet
above sill floor of level) at point S3» feet south of
north boundary line of mine has been extended
20 feet throu»h porphyry and quart! : total length,
47 feet; face in old ground formerly worked, in
which appear narrow streaks of ore and fillings
that will pay to save. Have extracted from this
opening six tons of ore, assaying $36 36 per ton.
North drift from the Con. Virginia (haft station
on this level has ; been advanced 29 feet, passing
through porphyry and : clay; .total length of drift,
621 feet. It has connected with drift run south
from Ophlr shaft station on this level. v_ -- * :
Total extraction of ore for week amounted to
126 tons, average assay value of which, per sam
ples taken from - cars when raised to the surface,
i?ulllon produced from 1169 ' ton* " and \ 1890
Bullion produced from 1169 tons and 1030
pounds of ore worked at Morgan mill was shipped
to office in San Francisco, its assay .value being
»24,735 46. :■"■•■ v■- -■ --■•• !■■'■:'■ ■' ■ ' ■ ■', ■ ,] : '/ -
Following Are the Highest Price* During
the Past Week.
ft
a. . ....-• -~-
ier...
& Belcher..
t
>n --.-•
•r
,
onla..
enge ......
DaL'X'vi"
CtLdtVk..
dence ......
a Point....
I it Curry.
an...
ikn.V......
■nta1.......
1.25
' 15
91
•.■-♦4
35
05
65
87
38
a...
i.
BOARD SALES.
following ware th« aalw In ta« San Francisco
- B toe £ Board yesterday: , . v. s , ;
KKAVI.AB MOBxrxa «i>!«Tr»!r OOm*ltXOT!Ht 9:80.
1600 A1ta.....11>; 50 Cballge. 1.3111 00 Justice. ...JO
200 Ande5.... '291100 .........."..32200 Occid 94
100 B &8....70 SO ............S3 3005aTag«..;.35
200 Bodie 2*400 CC*V....1.76|400 S N«t.....65
100 Ca1eda....09i160 C P0int... 36 400 Umou C.AH
200 Ccollar... 51600 H<fcN... 1.35 100 V Jacki...3s
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stoclc
Board yesterday :' Vv : .
>C"!'v ' ; - RF.niTT.*»l (MWHTov— l":^i. '
600 Alphiu.l2l4l3oo 0C <* V.I. 800 Mono ....08
1300....;. 13 200 :....... 1.77 2 350 0ccidt1.... 94
•/00 .::;........14|400 ..........1% 300 ............92
1260 Alia...:. 15|V:00 ...... .1.72% 200 ........... 93
1000 Andes. ..29 850 C0nfi...... 881:00 0ph1r...1.25 I
300 8e1cher..~..21 600 .....87 300 0vrmn.:..14 !
200 ....22 100 ............89 P0(05i..:..4S
200 ...... ...:.23 200 C Imp 01,500 Sava«r» 36
400 8&8......70200 ....^;.....02!1600 ScorploaOS
1000 ..........69'400 Crown 35 400 9 Xev....66
300 80d1e. .. 22 500 Exchar... ol3oo ............65
200 8u11i0n. ...32300 G * C. ..34 500 S Hill 02
200 Eu1ww.... 24(400 H<tN.. .1.35 500 Union C...56
400 Caleda^^.io'2oo ...... ..1.32 Vj'3oO Utah.. ....10
200 dialing.. Julia. 05 200 ......11
300 .."........ .,33 300 Justice.... 10200 V Jacicet..3s
200 34i40(> Kentuck..O!> 500 ............36
400Cb0uar....51 ! 300 L "Wa5h;.. 05 ! 200 ...........37
860 50J400 Mexican .58,300 ............38
, CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. March 7-12 m...
• - Bi«.Aiked\ . Sid.AtH*d.
Aloha Con 12 13 Jackson. 40 -
A «U............ 14 15 Julia. . — 06
Andes ..'2B 801Jnstice.. 09 10
Belcher 22 23 KentucK. ...... — 06
Beit* Belcher. 68 .70 Lady Waah.... — " 06
B«nronCon..-». 20 — Mexican 53 67
Bodie ......... " 22 —Mayflower — 1.50
Bullion.. .^.._ 12 13 Mono .......... — 09
8u1wer. ........ 25 25 Mt. Diablo 15 —
Caledonia 08 , 10 Nevada — 05
Challenge coa. 31 . 33 Occidental....; 82 93
Choiiar 60 61 Ophir... ...... X.20 1.25
Con. Cal.t'i Va. 1.70 1.7." Overman ..... 14 16
Cum. Imperial. — •. 02 t'otosi ....."..«." 43 44
Confidence...™ 89 90 bavaee 34 35
Con.NewYoric — ■.. 04 Sep. Belcher... 05- 06
Crown Point...- "34 ; ; 36" Sierra Nevada, 65 66
EastSiernKav . — 04 Scorpion — 03
Exchequer..... 03 05 Silver Hi 11..... —'- 02
Eureka C0n.... — •26 Syndicate.. .... -02 ■■< —
Uould & Curry; 32 33 Union C0d,.... 68 68
U«le<fe.Norcr4.l.3o 1.35!Ui*h;.....'..... 10 12
10w*. .......... — O4iYeUow Jaclca&i 37 88
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, March 7-10:30 a- tc
rXITKI> STATUS BOSDi '■'"
£itt. Asked. -'-.■■ Bill. Asked.
0 B4BCOup..K>* l / 4 — V 8 4»reg... 108*4 —
Do, new 15... 17 117%
' KISCRLUXKOrS BOtD".
Cal-stCbiess.llOVi — IDo. 2d !ss 65." — —
CalElecL6s.lO6' — P«fcOßy6s.los 120
CntraCWss. - 100 ; P&Ch Rr 6s. - . 105 "
Dpntrstex-cp 77 95 Pwl-st.RR6* — 116^4
EdsnLcSP6s.lO7i/2 — Reno. WL&L — ' 105
F&CH RR6s. 103 - 105 River Co6s — 100
Gearv-Btßss.lou ' 105 Saorop A 1.. . 100 102%
LosAneLßs. —•. 101 JSF&NPRRBsIOi 101*2
Do.Gnted.6s. - 102Vii!bPRRAriz - 06
Mkt-atCble6sl2B - |BPRRCaI6s.. 1071/2 -
DoßyCoass..lO«V4 — iSPRKCaiaa.. - 971/2
NevCNgß7s. 3 100 BPBrRCa!Bs. 96y —
N PCRR6S.IO3V4 - ,'SVWatertfs..— 120
KRy Cai 6s. - 105 6VWater4s._ — 99%
NRy Cal 53. — 105 StktnG&E6i — 103
Oak Gas ss..lO3V s lof> ißunstT.xTßs.loo —
Do. 2d iss6s.lO3y 3 - Sutter-s'tßss.llO —
Omnibus 6*.. — 121% ViaaliuWCda — B'J
PacßoUM6s- — —
• _ : -': -;".-?•■ : a WATER STOCKS
Contra Costa 40 — I Ban .lose — • »6
Alarm Ca... 49 - |«priui{Vallejr 98Va 99
GAS STOCKS. . •*(*»,
Capital — 40 i Pacific 46 60
Central.. .. 95 — Han Francsco ■SO — '
Oak LA EL 51 14 59 y Stockton..... — 21 V.
PacGaalmp. Ba^i 81 ' I
INSUKaXCI utooks.
FiremansFd.l6s — (Sun 40 —
COMUERCIAL BANK «TOrK«.
AmerBATU. — — LondonPAA.l3o —
Anglo-Cal... 6814 — London&SF. — 27%
Bank of Ca1.. 235 — iMerch Ex.... XU —
C"aISD&TCo.. 57 58 Nevada .... — •—'.'.
FirstNatlonl.l7B 1 83 W father B Co- — —
Grangers — — " — T ,
BAVIXOS BANK STOCKS.
GerSALCo..i42f) — Lean.. — 102%
I liumbS&L.lOOO — Security ?45 265
Mutual. ...1. — 41 Union Trust Bos —
SavUnion — 482y a
' STKKHT RAILROAD STOCK*.
California,... 107% — Oak.SL&Hay — 103
Oeary-5t...'.. 60 77% Presidio. 4i. a —
Market-5t.... i 6' t — Suuer-st .. — —
PO\VI>KB STOCK*.
Atlantic D... 15 — iJudson — —
California.... — 98 Vlgont. — 1
Giant....;..... 16% IP ' . .
- .:»llr''H.t.AX»on<> STOTJC*.
Alaska Pkn. 92y a 95 OceanicSSCo — 20
ElkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA.. 1 —
CalCotMUls.. — — Pac Borax... 98 100
CalDrv Dock. — — . Puc 1£ N Co. — SO
Edison Light. 98 99 Pac Roll Mill 29% 42%
GasConAssn. — — ParfJ'aintCo. 63, 7%
G^r J pa<l <o. 85 — il'acTrnnsOo. — 24
HawCASCo.. 1«% 17 lac T A 'Co 60 —
HutcbSPCa.. 173/4, lsys^nnsetTAT.. 41 —
JudsonMftcC. — — - jUnitedCCa. — 25
MerExAssnlOO 110 ,
Mm: - I vi* «r«i'iv
Board— so Hawaiian Commercial. 16 s i: '0 do,
165 8 : 100 Market-st Railway, 46i /4 : 30 Pacific ,
Gas Imp, HI; 60S F Gaslight, 79; 140 do, 80; 36 I
do, 80i 4 .
Street— BO Hawaiian Commercial, 1634. .
.■^■- ■- . - _..._.., |J^- W^,,:_ AUCTION SALES. .\ _- -- -^^-^■^-. J -^. w -^^ XJ -
BY ORDER OF
HON. ADOLPH SUTRO.
14 CASH.
YON RHEIN & CO.,
TUESDAY, MARCH 10, 1896,
At IS 14:. Sharp, at
513 C.A.I-iIFOiRN'I.A. ST.,
0. L. Blocks 225 and 224
FRONTING POINT LOBOS, 43d, 44th and 45th AVENUES,
■ :,- CUMEHn ' ■ ' sfß££T 3
Vv 120 I ■10 'WJ \**\ '10 ' /ZO \f.
M /a /? <v« «M /b /7 C^
? n 2.0 '• - *s ■ /f : •
, ? ib 2/ : , : t4 /9 '-
SI 'S tZ /J ZC •
I X ; /+ 2ZS : A3 - : /k 2*4 2' ..'» V
/3 Jv •• // 2Z t
; /2 *2S ■ * . ' » fO 23 '• ' ■
X j // : £ *• 9 •■-••■■■••' •■^.'sL
5 te I ' 27 -• *, ; 8 : *
isiiij CIS
Only 1000 feet from Sutro Heights, close to Station of Suiro and California
.-. : Street Railroads. The peerless l] New Cliff, the world-renowned Baths
and the couutless attrnctions of that vicinity. . ■','•"
% ' IN FULL VIEW OF THE PACIFIC OCEAN.
Catalogues, Diagrams and Full Particulars, at l . •
■•■■: •:. .> : YON RUBIN & CO., : Auctioneers, 513 California Street.
AUCTION SALE.
TUESDAY, MARCH 10,
At 11 o'clock,
I will sell the entire contents of Tattersall's Sta-
ble, corner Oeary and Leavemvorth streets, 30
bead Horses, 25 Buggies, A Delivery Wagons, S
Carts, 3 Surries. 2 Phaetons, 25 sett Single and
Doable Harness.
a WATKI NS, Auctioneer.
MBS. WILMORE HELD.
Must Answer for Receiving Stolen
Property.
OAKLAND, Cal., March 7.— Mrs. Ella
Wilmore, the mother of one of the boy bur
glars recently sent to Folsom for ten years,
was held to answer to the charge of
receiving the money stolen from Girard's
store. Judge Wood said that while he did
not consider the case against the woman a
very strong one, and while he might not
convict her of the offense if sitting ou a
jury, he could not dismiss her at this time,
unless he decided that all of Majors' testi
mony was false, which he could not do.
At tirst he fixed bail at $1500, but in re
sponse to an appeal of her attorney it was
reduced to $1000.
Attorney O'Brien announced immedi
ately after the decision that he would sne
ont a writ of habeas corpus in behalf of hia
client, as he did not thinK the evidence
sufficient to hold her for the crime. He
believed that the Superior Court would re
lease her on a review of tiie evidence. He
claimed that it had not been showp that
Mrs. Wilmore received the money in the
way contemplated by the statute.
FOR SALK-MISOKLLANILOnS.
mHOROUGHBRED CHICKEN EGGS- FOR
J. hatching; Leghorns, 91 per 13; Brahma, Co-
chins, Plymouth Rock, Minorca*, Andaluaian,
Spanish, Houden, Wyandotte, Hamburg, 50;
G. Poland and Bantams. F. KKAUS, 1031 Mc-
Allister st. . . ■■..•.. . . -.
FOB . SALE— STOCK AND FIXTURES . OF
branch bakery, confectionery, notions, etc; '1
living-rooms; rent low; eood location: bargain;,
mice «9.'>. Apply J. P. JOHNSON & ~ CO., 872
Broadway, Oakland. ■ ; v
GGS FOR HATCHING-THOROUGHBRED
brown Leghorn, 13 for $1, 2 dozen $1 50; In-
cubator lots low rates. HAUFE. 810 Webster. :
HERBARIUM CONTAINING 1200 DRIED
plants; classified German-Latin names. 233
O'FarrelJ st. - ' • !'r^: -
\f AGNIFICENT BUREAU AND STEAD;
i-Vl a bargain. Apply 1510 Octavla st.
DIAMOND RING AND FINE OPERA-
glasses, cheap. Address 8., box 3, this office. _■
TMPROVbD RELIABLE INCUBATOR: 200
JL eggs; thoroughly te»ie<l : almost new. 1324 Pine.
■VfEW WALL TENT, 10x10, GOOD CONDI-
, Xi tion, very cheap. 1205|Laguna st.:
pOOD DOMESTIC SEWING-MACHINE, WITH
AjT all attachments, for sale reasonable at 818
Treat aye. • •
pENUINK ENGLISH PUG. PUPS; SMALL
VT breed. Call 16 Valley at., Oakland. -,
*nc NEW ELEGANT winrp; SEWING-
t]r«-tJ l . machine; 5 drawers: latest style; attach-
ments complete; ca'ise departure. 2310% Taylor.
"\7ICTORIA LADY 8 BIUYCLE, GOOD as
V new, must sell, $45. 10 to 12. 416 O'Farrt-11.
pOMPLETE, FIRST-CLASS BARBKR FIX-
\J lures and business. Call at market. 676 Howard.
' p RE AT DANE DOG FOR SALE; GOOD PEDI-
VI Kree. 908 Broadway, near corner Mason at.
!\f\(\ CHICKS; 10c EACH; HATCHED BY
*J\J\J Hchule's self-regulating hot-water Incu-
bator: best in the world. 1213 Valencia st.
UANTITY NEW AND SECOND-HAND
safeties for sale cheap. 328 McAllister st.
USE PRtJsSIAN~Brrf ER3, BEST STOMACn
L> bitters In market: buy your wines, liquors, etc.,
at Bonanza Wine Vaults; free delivery city, Oak-
land. Alameda. PlI/.MAN A SCUURMANN,
prop., 341 Pine, cor. Montgomery: phone red 391.
I4UILDINOS BOUGHT: LUMBER, SASHES
J-> doors, mantels, etc.. for sale. 1166 Mission.
LACKS • rTH - SHOP OUTFIT. FOR G z"
ateam pump, boller&engine; cheap. 516 Mission
UV YOUR BABY CARRIAGES AND RAT-
tan furniture at the factory and save middle-
man's profit; wo will treat you risl-t. CALIFOR-
NIA RATTAN COMPANY. 61 Fir.ii . ur. Mission.
BOOKS AT GREATLY REDUCED PRICES.
KING'S old bookstore, 16 Fourth at.
NE SMALL MEDIUM AND LAKOE SIZB
/ire and burglar proof safe. 1 09, 111 Market at.
I/IRE AND BURGLAR SAFE. LETTER-
Jl press, platform sc&les and ■'.•■sk :chp;ip. 102 Clay.
X|EW RANGES CHEAPER THAN SECOND*
xV hand. W. a RAY Mfc Co., 12 California*^
OUNT E R S, 6UELVING. ~fc.HOWCA.SES
bought and »old 1121 Market bau7thandd:a
SKIVING MACHINES. .
©r UPWARD"; RENT 81 50 TO ?l" 75
»!j O monthly; repairing 26c; bought and ex-
changed: needles for all machines. 145 Sixth st.
A I . L" KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, EXCHANGED
rented, repaired ; lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
DR.WOi\'OWOO 4&^v
Cbluese Drags tX^^%£#A
and Tea and Herb MjF
776 Sanitarian), Wf 'St
776 CLAY STREET, Ml 9
Bet. Kearny and Dupont, K*l 4S&. ' CF
; ■ Ban iram.-isco. v■: '; i ■• ( '/ 1 *^?» '■'.'■■/m\'
I, the unuei signed, bave I A v ' 9M "
been cured from kidn6y UM ,- •* m
trouble, ' from wl..cb :J ► wSSL. " Z l^ m
suffered for over 10 years, f \SCJ\ _M '•m
by Dr. Wong Woo. BtX"^ isH
• Dalles, Or. MB IBSp J£*^M
Office hoars : . 9:30 to 11 H KdUA
4. M.; 1 to 3, 7to 9 T. X, ;
1314
JTEW TO-DAT.
FOR WIPLES : }$
PIMPLES lL^^/fl^^ :::: =^^^
Because the only preventive of clogging, inflammation, and Irritation of the pores, the CAUSE
of pimples, blackheads, blotches, rough, red, oily skin, baby blemishes, and falling hair.
N. — CUTICURA SOAP is not only the most effective skin purifying and beautifying
soap in the world, but the purest and sweetest for toilet, bath, and nursery.
Bale greater than the combined Bale* of all other skin and complexion tocp*, both foreign and domeitlo. Bold throofboot tba world. BrlUih dipott V. Utvmmmt li Iwrt. 1, Kizn
Edward-«t., London, E.C. Fottzb Dbus asd CasMicxh Cobpobaiios, Bole rroprleton, Bortoa, U. 8. ▲* . "
TO ROW FOR CALIFORNIA
Candidates to Compete in Eastern
and Northern Champion
ship Events.
FIRST TIME OUT OF THE STATE.
Most of the Oarsmen Selected Will Be
Drawn From the Ranks of the
South End Club.
The Pacific Athletic Association will
meet next Friday- evening and decide upon
a date on which to nold their champion
ship games and reeatta for 189«3.
At this meeting will also be discussed
thf-ir contemplated scheme of having the
winners of the field sports and regatta
compete in the Northwestern and Eastern
championship events.
The programme that will be carried out,
should the northern trip prove a success,
is as follows:
The winners of the championship events
of the Pacific Athletic Association will
journey north and compete in the North
western Pacific Athletic Association's con
tests. The winners of this contest will
then meet the champions of the Central
Athletic Association.
By this time the Eastern athletic clubs ;
Will have held tneir games, and the win- i
tiers of these games end the Central j
Athletic Association eventß will then
meet and decide the championship of j
America. In all about two months will
be consumed in making the crip.
Two officers of the PaciJic Athletic
Association will accompany :he athletes j
on thf-ir tour, and it is "thought that j
twenty-six field athletes and six oarsmen
will represent California in the Different '
events.
Outside Henry Petersen, the champion
singie-sculler of the Pacific Coast, Cali
fornia oarsmen have never rowed outside
their own waters, and the news that a
rowing team is to accompany 1 the other
atnieles has caused a furor in local boating
circles.
The merits of the California oarsmen
are now being compared with the North
ern and Eastern oarsmen by those who are
qualified to form an opinion in the matter,
and it is unanimously held on all sides
that the home oarsmen are qualified to
match oars with the best of them.
The rowers here have always been anx
ious to try conclusions with Northern and
Eastern rowers, but, owing to the difficulty
of raising funds to make the trips, have
had to confine their rowing propensities to
borne waters.
In all probability, all the oarsmen who '
will represent California will be from the i
South End Club of ihis City, as this club !
possesses the champion single scullers and
barge crews of the coast. Their senior
erew — whose personnel is as follows:
Henry Bode (bow), Bob Mac Arthur (for
wardwaist and captain), Gus Carson |
(afterwaist), Frank Duplissea (stroke) |
and George McGrill (coxswain) — is con- j
sidered invincible.
The crew is not an exceedingly heavy
one, but is composed of all trained ath
letes. They have defeated the best oars
men on the coast, and have made better
time than the South End's professional
barge crew.
Frank Duplissea, the stroke of the crew,
although 19 years old, holds the champion
ship of the coast in the single scull, and
unless he is defeated by William McCaus-
Jand in the next race will be California's
representative in the single scull.
He is the son of George Duplissea, the
captain of the celebrated Canadian tug-of
war team, and is 5 feet 10 inches tall, and
weighs ISO pounds. He is looked upon as
a coming world's champion.
The tower of strength of the crew is Gus
Carson, the afterwaistman, whose rowing
prowess is known all along the City front.
Too much praise cannot be given Bob
Mac Arthur, the famous athlete of the
Olympic Club and captain of the crew, for
the scientific manner in which he trains
them for the contest. Mac Arthur hails
from Toronto, Canada, and has taken les
sons from such celebrities as Ed Hanlan
and O'Connor.
Henry Bode, the bowman, has been row
ing boats from the time he was able to pull
an oar, and is considered one of the best
barge- rowers in the country.
The pride of the crew is their coxswain,
George McGrill, the champion coxswain of
Senior Crew of South End Rowing Club, With Coxswain George McGrill, California's Candidates for the
Honor of Representing the State in the Forthcoming Northeastern and Eastern Tour.
[Reproduced from photograph/.]
the Pacific Coast, whose • uniform is cot
ered by a shield of medals won in races
achieved by the club. .
J^, m pt". .wo ss^'m'tcsis:
--rowing programme;' of the tour is con
cerned California ought to be able to show f
that we have oarsmen here who can row a
little. •■• ■■/-" <"7.-'--:^ ■"'■" '•" V
The olive has been grafted on a juniper,
a peach on a myrtle, pears on oaks, apcles
on plums, mulberries on figs, a rose on an
orange, carnations on fennel, peaches on
mulbeiries, and red and white grapes, with
peaches and apricot*, on the same stem,
ior, as all buds are distinct, the stem fur
nishes nutriment.
In hunters' lore there is an idea that the
jackal is the lion's provider; that he lo
cates the game and takes the lion to it.
This superstition has no more foundation
than is found in the fact tnat after a lion
has slain his quarry the jackals always at
tend and wait the conclusion of the repast,
in order to pick up the leavings.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, "MARCH 8, 1806,
A. S. HALLIDIE RETIRES
Was Fifteen Years the Presi
dent of the Mechanics'
Institute.
The Seven Trustees Were Installed,
but Failed. to Elect a New
President.
At the regular quarterly meeting of the
members of the Mechanics' Institute last
j evening, A. 8. Hallidie, who has officiated
as president of that institution for the past
fifteen, years, read hi farewell report, and
\ *• -«» «*~ <*— »*■ r # "c
i tlon were installed., The financial report,'
| showing; a summary of the receipts and
• expenditures for the year ending February
j 29. 1896. shows a net profit of $1221 29.
The ; summary :of ', the report for the
library during 1895-96, submitted by A. M.
Jellison, shows ; ; an "- increase of - 3475 Tol-'
umes, making a total number on the
shelves of 70,818. : ,  '/-;\ : -•■■ •'."• '..•'■ ■'■'; r :
Mr. Hallidie read a concise statement of
the work done during his fifteen years of
service. • . _ - •
He recited that the institute bad been
in existence nearly forty-one years. On
December 11, 1854, the first meeting was
called to take measures to create the
society.
"It has ever been," continued the presi
dent, "an integral part of the City of San
Francisco, and since its foundation has
been steadfast to the purposes for which
it has been organized. Since its reorgani
zation in 1869 it has gone steadfastly for
ward in its march of crotcress and success."
Mr. Hallidie was given a rising vote of
thanks for his unselfish devotion to the
institute.
C. M. Plum. John Richard 3 and A. Van
der Naillen were appointed to othciate in
the installation of the newly elected trus
tees. Those taking the oath were:
Joseph M. Cumming, E. P. Heaid. P. J.
Healy, Joseph Leggett, Oscar Lewis,
George R. Presson and G. Howard Thomp
son.
The seven trustees whose terms of office
still continue are: Grove P. Ayres, E. H.
Cole, Ernst A. Denicke, R. P. Doolan,
Ferdinand Formhals, Howard C. Holmes
and Rodney Kendrick.
As soon as the ceremony of installation
was over the new board proceeded for
mally to vote for president. Twenty-
three ballots were taken, each ballot re
sulting as follows: Ernst A. Denicke, 7;
Oscar Lewis, 4, and Joseph Leegett, 3.
The meeting was declared adjourned
until next Monday evening, when the
voting will be resumed.
THERE WILL BE ANOTHER LINE.
To-morrow morning
at 9 o'clock there will
doubtless be another
long line in front of
Sherman, Clay & Co. 's, '
when the reserved
seat sale commences
for the great musical^
combination of Ma-}
t*rna, Ondricek and-!
their concert com-g
pany, perhaps the
greatest organization
that has visited San
Francisco in years.The
two concerts will tase
torium on Thursday cv
Saturday afternoon.
place at the Audi
ening next and on
WILL SPEAK IN
MANY TONGUES
An Oratorical Duello in
Four Different
Languages.
GORI AND NATHAN.
Anarchists and Socialists Will
Argue Out Their Dif
ferences.
THE FRENCH TO "CHIP 15."
But the Chief Combat mts Will Be
Most at Home in German
and Italian.
The anarchists of this City have for
mally challenged the socialists to meet
them in a duel of words to-morrow night
in Washington-square Hall. Pietro Gori,
the head of the new anarchist party, has
sent the following challenge to the Amer
ican socialists:
Sax Fraxcisco, Cal., March 7, 1896.
To the Central Committee of the Socialist Labor
Party— gentlemen: I hereby formally invite
the socialist party of San Francisco to send a
special orator to the debate to take place Mon
day, March 9, at 8 p. \r, at Washington-square
Hall, Bersaglieri building, atthe corner of
Stockton and Union streets, between the un
dersigned and L. Nathan. Thejdebatejwill be
between socialists and anarchists. Yours
faithfully, Pietro Gobi.
Arturo Conti, an active member of the
American socialistic party, has charged
himself with laying this letter to-night be
fore the socialists. The council does not
meet till Tuesday, but it is probable that
special action will be taken at once in re
ply to the anarchist invitation to come out
and debate. The French Socialistic
League met on Friday night in Apollo
Hall and the members pledged themselves
not to miss the oratorical duello which is
to occur to-morrow.
It is more tha n probable that there will
be a "red-hot" time during the progress of
the debate. The meeting will resemble the
neighborhood of the Tower of Babel, as
far as the measure of tongues ib con
cerned. The anarchist Gori speaks very
Jittle Englisn. but he can wax eloquent in
French and Italian. Gori's socialistic ad
versary, Nathan, knows no Italian, but he
is an expert in throwing off guns of oratory
In English and German, and as the mem
bers of the French Socialistic League will
"chip in" with remarks in the language
of la belle France, there is every probabil
ity that the interpreters will hare their
hands full in keeping the orators from
tangling themselves up in a confusion of
tongues.
Arturo Coati, the socialist who first ac
cused the anarchists of not being all his
fancy had painted them, looks upon the
coming debate more in sorrow than in
anger. "I regret to say that I have found
the anarchists to be confusionists," he
said last uigat. "It is true that I presided
at Gori's first two lectures, but that was be
cause they couM not find anyone at the
lßst minute to take the chair and I did it
to oblige them. Gori represented that his
party intended lirst to secure socialism
and so far I was with Him. Ido not con
sider him capable of duplicity; on the con
trary he strikes me as being very sincere,
but the more I learn of his views the less I
can coincide with them."
The first rock on which Mr. Conti and
bis fellow-socialists split with the anar
chists was on the question of the ballot.
"They do not believe In voting, ' said Mr.
Conti. "In fact, they do not seem to know
what they do want. Gori teaches that
there is to be a great revolution, and peo-
Die will live happily ever afterward, but
how can a revolution be brought about if
there are to be no heads to command it —
no leaders? They do not believe in getting
power by means of the ballot — no one is to
have any power.
. "We believe in the majority ruling, but
they think that if one man kicks against
the will of a million, he has just as much
right to carry his own way as the million
have. That sort of reasoning seems to me
to lead to nothing but confusion."
Even the people of Arturo Conti 1 !" opin
ion, however, own that Pietro Gori has
quite a strong following in the Italian
quarter, and there is considerable interest
in seeing who will get the better of the de
bate. Every one will be admitted, and no
restrictions of age, nationality or tongue
will be placed upon the speakers. What
ever else the meeting may prove to be, it
will certainly be entirely unique of its
kind.
LIFE INSURANCE.
A California Company "Distances" All
Competitors.
The report of Hon. M. R. Higgins, In
surance Commissioner of California, has
just been published, and below we give
some very interesting figures taken there
from:
Tbe Bankers' Alliance of Los Angeles
did by far tbe largest business in tbe State
among tbe life companies, the amount
written being $5,706,750 n 1895, against
$2,048,750 in 1894 Tbe amount in force
in California December 31, 1894, was
$5,578,750, and on December 31, 1895. $9,343.
--000. snowing an increase of $3,764,250 dur
ing 1895.
The New York Life wrote in 1894 $6,753,
--000, but fell back to $3,696,670 in 1895. The
lapse? of this company in tbe State for 1895
were $6,177,000, or $2,4*80,330 more than the
new business written.
We find that the Equitable Life wrote
but $2,054,399 in 1895, while it wrote $3,888,
--723 in 1894. The lapses in 1895 were $2,892,
--035, or $837,636 more than written in the
same time.
DEFECTIVE SEWER PIPE.
A Large Lot Seized on tbe Street by
Kxpert George W. Elder.
George W. Elder, the street expert of the
Board of Supervisors, made an important
capture of a large lot of unserviceable
sewer-pipe on D street, between First and
Fifth avenues, yesterday. Street con
tractors have been putting in a sewer in
the blocks mentioned, and Mr. Elder had
occasion in his regular rounds to inspect
the materials that had been carted tbere
for use. Out of 300 or 400 feet of pipe on
the ground he found that fully half was
badly cracked, some of it also showing
signs of disintegration.
The unserviceable pipe, which came from
San Jose, was condemned and the con
tractors will be compelled to get a new
supply before being allowed to resume
work.
CHARGED WITH PEKJURY.
Manuel K. Oliver Arreated on Complaint
of Hi* Wife's Mother.
Manuel E. Oliver, the painter, and his
young wife, Rosie, appeared in Judge
Campbell's court yesterday, the former to
answer a charge of perjury and the latter
a charge of vagrancy. TJie complaining
witness is Mrs. Brady, 143 Minna street,
Oliver's mother-in-law, who declared that
I Oliver committed perjury in regard to his
HEW TO-DAY-DRT OOOD«. _ .„
UNI iPMMIT!
THE LARGEST AND
MOST COMPLETE STOCK
_
The Lowest Prices!
We have just received an enormous
shipment of HOUSEKEEPING LINEN
GOODS in both IRISH AND GERMAN
MAKES, and as they come to us direct
from the manufacturers, we are enabled
to sell them at extremely low prices. The
collection includes TABLE DAMASKS,
DAMASK LINEN SETS, LUNCH SETS,
DAMASK NAPKINS, HEMSTITCHED
LUNCH SETS, HEMSTITCHED NAPKINS,
DOYLIES, DAMASK TOWELS, HUCK
TOWELS, TRAY CLOTHS, HEMSTITCH-
ED SCARFS, LINEN SHEETS, GLASS
LINENS, CRASHES, STAND COVERS,
BATH SHEETS. Turkish Towels, Pillow
Linens, all widths, and Richardson's cele-
brated 4-4 Irish Linens.
-e== — SPECIAL! S3-
sex) dozen Satin Damask Napkins, 25
inches square (Irish manufacture), new
designs - - - - Price $2. 50 a dozen
Housekeepers should examine our stock
of above goods. --
All, 113, 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
wife's age when be took out the marriage
license.
Rosie in court yesterday testified that
she told Oliver she was 19 years of age, and
the Judge was about to dismiss the case
when Mrs. Brady started from her seat
and declared that "Oliver has a wife in Ne
vada City. Oliver admitted that he at one
time had a wife, but the records of the Su
perior Court would show that he waa di
vorced from her over two years ago. The
case was continued till Monday to enable
the court to ascertain the truth of Oliver's
assertion.
CARNIVAL OF ROSES.
C. O. Dunbar Deßcrlbes the Prepara-
tions for the Santa Rosa Festival
In May.
C. 0. Dunbar, secretary of the Santa Rosa
Rose Carnival and chairman of the trans
portation committee, was in the City yes
terday on business connected with the car
nival. He was very enthusiastic over the
present prospects for a splendid fete of
flowers and merriment in the rose city of
Sonoma.
"My business here,' 1 he said, "was main
ly to look after transportation of visitors to
Santa Rosa. I had an interview with the
managers of the Donahue road, and while
no definite arrangements can be made un
til the board of directors meet, I was given
reason to believe that the company intends
treating Santa Rosa handsomely this time
— even better than in the past.
"That is, we are almost certain of a $1
rate return from San Francisco, and that
trains will be run late at night from Santa
Rosa during the carnival to give you peo
ple down hero a chance to enioy the even
ings with us.
"All the towns in the valley have fallen
in line this year and are standing by
Santa Rosa. There will also be a carnival
at Healdsburg. Already we have nearly
|3000 collected for expenses, and that is
just three times as much as we had last
May.
"Our plans at present are for eight beau
tiful arches of flowers and evergreens typi
cal of Flora's presence among us; but
there will be no bunting or other material
to mar the general effect. Everything
with us is to be part and parcel of the car
nival of roses, and so to be distinctive in
itself and in harmony with the floral dis
plays and also the spirit of the occasion.
"Our programme is practically com
pleted. We are considering plans for a
magnificent electric display in which
lights will be strung from the courthouse
dome to the four sides of the square.
There will De a big bicycle meet, and the
races are to continue during the three
days of the carnival, April 30 and May 1
and 2. The new bicycle-track, built ex
pressly for this tournament, is almost
finished, it will, I understand, be one of
the best in the State.
"On the first day suitable preparations
will be made for the grand coronation of
the rose Queen at night. The second day
will be the floral parade and a ball in the
evening, when Governor Bndd and his staff
will be present. The battle of roses will
take place after the parade. The third
day will be given over to sports of various
kinds.
"The Queen contest will begin next
month, and already there is considerable
quiet rivalry among some young lilies
and their friends for the prospective
honor."
- Hampton Court Palace is now divided
into fifty-two suites of apartments,; the a^
commodation of i which >, varies very. much
in f size, some i having -as many M forty
rooms, n These apartments are solely , 'at
the Queen's disposal, and are granted ofttxn
to the widows of officers or those Ik.- have
served the state.
• A general, simultaneous census ot tho
world for the year 1900 is »*koa tyV- bytbo,
International Statistical lu-iiauic. ' : U <?aft
be taken, if slight nunhtlo*iu>us iii iuo tuuo
of their regular censuses are ju'ado ' l»y tUo
chief countries in the woiKL
♦ *
{ Six head of fair ill $4 eutirclv. soumi
horses were sold in th« U»\y'»\ or liukoXUiw,'
Or., recently, for an itv mail «> pi' $0 (>o. oaW- !
One of the horses biougUt aiUji H C»o.' ' *
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO,
I STAMPED ON A SHOE
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
co ie X /
WE SELL ON OUR MERITS.
There Is one thing we wish to impress on the
minds of our customers, and that Is that every-
thing we advertise we will puarant»e. We have
no fake sales, but we are so blockaded by the
SprecKels fence that business compels us to' offer
unusual reductions. This . week we offer for sale
the finest Shoes for the money ever offered in this
city. They are Ladies' Extra Fine Doneola Kid
Button, with either cloth or kid tops, needle toes
and patent-leather tips, reversed button flies and
flexible soles, and we will sell them for
62.15.
These Shoes are very stylish, as they are new
goods and made according to the laces; fashions,
but we offer them at a sacrifice, for they sell regu-
larly for $3.
"We have just received an invoice of Ladies' Bas-
set Leather . Southern Ties, with hrown cloth tops,
pointed toes and tips and hand-turned soles, which
we will offer for $1 50. They are neat, styilsa and
good wearers. . f .n .;„■•/•.-;; ■:.:>.- . ■ ■
*3~ Country orders solicited. • :
*T Send for .New Illustrated Catalogue.
Address
B.KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
, 10 Third Street, San Franc i
MEN-AGES
. *&— —^k. Quickly, Thoroughly,
: '^n^fi9 ; '^^^w ■■' k'»xv%vr Cured. >
g^\3\^\ A suffer,: nervousness,
1 ; M ■ /> rfc : A I taental worry, attacks .
I v L^^JJ I of" tlu> blued," are but
\ /w^ -v\ / P a - yin tha Penalty of
eatly excesses. Vic-
'^^ '■'■.■■■ - tiui3» reclaim your '
-^^ r " ii " ""*^ tuaahood, regain your
-vigor. ; IVu't dea2>atr. Scuil for v book with •
explauatioa and proofs. Mailed (sealed) freo. •
ERIE MEDICAL CO., Buffalo, N.Y.
DISEASES
TJ1"" OINTMENT
', lv« «I«op!«. ■. , > ; 1«» •'. " 3 «»»11'i OIITMCrt" wttHoa*
B iotrrn^' mtiMciaa, jriU -*** »ut o*m of Tetter Salt
-, »lie«a,Kli>Kw,o T w.^iU'«,lUU.&«»«.Plm v r ,, l « iu .4 )lb
»otn»t«r&c« for » cv, likaM, |l.l^ b, .lru««tiM.
Bob, f^jljUUHhU, r*. A»k jJw 4f u«£tfa(^ j '
iThftrnQ^CcftrUlttßml »*(« I'.kiu kUuuiiU . Instantly
?. rMle.v'OA fcJiiV aw»ci cure* »\l Colas, tU>»rsouo»«, sori
Throat," UttxwhUts, Cou«e»tlous »uJ tutuiutu*.
Uani" 1 6Wi Pot bottle. Sold by X>tug gut*California's Great Plant
Specialist.
CALIFORNIA has a world-noted
hybridizer in the person of Luther
Burbank of Santa Rosa, a man
little known on this coas-t, though
hundreds here as elsewhere enjoy
the results of his twenty years of devotion
to his fascinating art.
Hardly a street-hawker of market prod
uce but oracularly proclaims before our
doors the superior merits of the Burbank
potato — a variety originated by Mr. Bur
bank and introduced to farmers by James
Gregory of Massachusetts. Then we are
all more or less familiar with the extra
quality of the Burbank, Wickson, Sweet
Botan and Satsuma plums and the deli
clous honey prune ; or have read in East
ern catalogues and horticultural publica
tions glowing descriptions of marvels in
hybrid berries sent out from California —
the Golden Mayberry, Great American,
Primus and Iceberg — all of which are
numbered among the "new creations" cf I
Luther Burbank. In fact, the achieve- j
ments of this scientific specialist in the ;
production of new forms of plant life have
msCM him the wonder of pomologists on j
two continents. Dr. L. H. Bailey of Cor- j
nell University in a recent letter says, !
"Tne results of Mr. Burbank's hybridiza- j
tions simply astound me," and Dr. Robert j
H. Lamborn of New York declares this |
phenomenal success in plant-crossing to i
be "the most practical outcome of the Dar- ;
winian evolution of thought." The Febru- j
ary number of the American Agriculturist j
gives an extended account of the life and j
plant development of this "wizard of j
TWO ACRES OF HYBRID LILIES GLORIOUSLY ABLOO3I.
[From a photograph.]
horticulture," and the .London Garden
takes a lively interest* in every new prod
uct sent out from the Burbank experi
mental farm ; while a late issue of the Koyal
Scientific Journal, a Hungarian publica
tion, devotes a sixteen-colnmn article to
the "great California plant specialist."
All this evidence but proves the truth of
the old adage that "a prophet is not with
out honor save in his own country." But
now that the name of Luther Burbank is
honored in all centers of nomoiogical
science, Californians are becoming inter
ested in the quiet mai. who toils early and
late on a gentle slope of the Sonoma foot
hills, his personality almost lost to his
nearest neighbors in the prodigious ab
sorption of work to his hand. He was
horn of Scotch parents in Lancaster, Mass.,
March 7, 1849, and was sent to school until
he was 18, when he learned wood-carving.
Afterward rinding this worJt too confin
AN ACRE OF HYBRID BERRIES ON THE BURBANK FARM.
[From, a ' phoKgra."*-' 1
ing he went to farming on a small scale in
Lunenberg. From earliest boyhood he
showed a marked aptness for plant study
and experimentation, and before he was
21 had sent out the Bnrbank potato, whic,h
was soon widely known as a Btandard va
riety. The climate of New England prov
ing too severe for his choicest plants, he
sold out in 1575 and came West to Sonoma
County, California, which has since been
the field of his astonishing labor.
Though kindly disposed and even con
ciliatory in manner, Mr. Burbank has no
mind to have his time wasted by thought
less visitors, as the following instance will
show: One day in June, when thereconld
be seen from the road two acres of hybrid
lilies gloriously abloom and other acres
of cross-bred gladioli and cannas, all flam
ing like torches in rows, two ladies alighted
from a carriage before the gate and leisure
ly walked up the garden path. Their ex
clamations of delight were heard by a man
in a stooping posture over an ailine plant.
He arose promptly and came forward,
dusting his hands meanwhile on a flaring
tropical leaf which he plucked by the way.
His clothes were of coarse brown tweed,
but with a certain neatness about the neck.
There was a straightforward look in the
blue eyes that faced the unwelcome vis
itors, and a barely perceptible smile on the
pleasant mouth as he bowed gravely. The
foremost lady addressed him with airy
condescension:
"We have driven out from Santa Rosa
to have Mr. Burbank show us his lovely
flowers. Do please tell him we are here,
so we won't be kept waiting."
There was no hint of harshness in the
gentle but positive answer:
"Mr. Burbank is very busy and has
given positive orders that he is not to be
disturbed, but he will not mind if you
look at the flowers."
And they did look at them, their hands
preedily hovering over the strange, splen
did blossoms, but not daring to break off a
single one while that imperturbable "gar
dener" kept close to their side.
•'I am sorry not to give you a bouquet,"
he said, considerately, "but this is the
month when people come from great dis
tances to see the nursery, and so we have
orders not to cut the flowers."
His reticence and evident desire to get
back to work had the effect of shortening
the call, and the disappointed ladies took
their departure, each with one rose, which
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, J896,
was cut short-stemmed to spare the buds
and handed them at the gate as a sort of
peace offering. Nor was their chagrin
lessened when the driver, an old resident
of the country, remarked a little later:
"You ladies was mighty lucky to run
across Mr. Burbank the first thing. Most
folks as comes oninvited don't get so much
as a sight o' him— his hull time is so took
up with mixin' plants."
That was about the truth of it. This
"mixin 1 " of allied species of vegetable life
is unquestionably a slow process, necessi
tating infinite patience and unhindered
time. As these experimental grounds are
private property, and the plants not for
sale at retail, the curious or idle visitor has
no justifiable excuse for coming here. On
the other hand, an invited guest is sure to
meet with a hospitable reception on the
part of the master, whose unaffected cor
diality and responsive intelligence make
him delightful to meet.
An amusing incident is told of how cer
tain local characters regard Mr. Burbank's
erratic methods of running a nursery. A
stranger once got off at the nearest rail
road station, and, looking about him in
quiringly, finally asked a rural-looking
individual if he knew Burbank. The old
farmer's answer was graphic and straight
to the point:
"You bet yer life I do. I worked fur
him once nigh onto a year. He's a mighty
cur'ous chap — sold out a big nursery that
was payin' well, an' went to raisin' acres
an' acres o' stuff, an' every summer digs
'em all an' burns 'em. I wouldn't give a
hundered dollars fur the hull kerboodle."
The stranger, who happened to be th-3
senior member of a large Eastern floral
firm, gravely thanked his informant, and
the same day went to the Experiment
farm, where he selected a half-dozen plants
for which he paid $GOGO.
The Burbank grounds are in two plats;
the one on a level ten acres in suburban
Santa Rosa, and the other a foothill plan
tation eight miles west of this lovely val
ley city, and just outside the quaint cross
roads village of Sebastopol. The latter
nursery is a veritable wonder garden, cov
ering the eastern slant of a picturesque
hill whose summit is tipped with young
redwoods and madrones. The choicest
plants are grown here, as the place is shel
tered from winds and fogs, and the soil is
a ricn, sandy loam, with an underground
seepage that does away with the need of
irrigation even in the driest summer, it
is not one nor one Hundred variations of a
plant that is seen, but many thousands of
hybrids, all traceable to the same stock
and each having more or less of the char
acteristics of one or both parents. These
j combinations have been coaxed into being
i by the patient manipulation of science and
I the brooding and nurturing of this wizard
! hill. All countries seem represented here,
and in their successive seasons one
i sees strange, flaring blossoms from
Japan, Asia, South Africa, New Zea
land and Australia, with line upon line of
, their unrecognizable crossbred progeny.
! There are superb improvements in double
; clematib, myrtles, giant and dwarf callas,
; a gorgeous canna that puts to shame the
famed "Madame Crozy," acres of lilies in
1 midsummer, all phenomenal in Bhape,
i brilliancy and size. Old species have been
broken, cross-fertilized, hammered, as it
were, out of former shapes by this "horti
cultural wondersmith" and made to
thrive and flower upon a scale so extensive
as to suggest magic rather than the sober
work of science. Parent defects are les
sened or totally obliterated, and the
changed forms embody to a degree of
perfection all beauty and desirability in
the old. When a flower is too ephemeral
the master painstakingly sets about re
placing tbe flimsy petals with fleshy,
polished ones which are proof against
wind and sun. It may take years to
eradicate one plant habit or create a new
one.
■; Though it < is barely spring the ground is
warm to the feet and the sun streams like
a". flood ■ from the ■ unclouded j east. Upon
every hand '■ is . an ineffable landscape — a
sweep of plain, oaK-islanded ,in fields of
emerald 'grain, round-backed hills, grassy
between , clumps of trees ;or wearing a
striped livery of grapevines, green notches
in i the : j slopes, where picturesque villas
nestle, orchards whitening with blooms,
and over all a sympathetic calm and soft
ness in the air which adds an almost hu
man tenderness to the lengthening of the
March days. > A land of opulent orchards,
vineyards and gardens, all growing with
homely naturalness and not with the arti
ficial luxuriance noticeable in the irrigated
portions of ' California, where nature has
always a ''dressed-up" air, or, as dear old
Alec Macrab ;of Mendocino puts it, "2sa
ture in a white shirt V'/--'': : '-^h^SKf&^^^
Ihere axe acres of hybrid berries at iK^
LUTHER BURBANK, "THE WIZARD OF HORTICULTURE."
[From a photograph.]
Sebastopol farm with every conceivable
variation in appearance and habit. A
large percentage of these vines are sure to
prove comparatively worthless and so will
have to be uprooted and destroyed. Out
of thousands of seedlings growing here
for purposes of selection only a dozen
bear the master's seal of approval in the
form of bits of white rag tied to each cane.
In speaking of the painstaking operation
of testing so many berries Mr. Burbank
says:
"Last summer I found the task too
much for me alone, so I had one of my
men to help. It needs an educated taste
to discriminate between slight differences
in flavor and one who makes a business of
it must have abstemious habits. I make
it a point not to hire a man who uses
whisky and tobacco."
When a plant is proved to be of real
value it is sold out to wholesale buyers
like John Lewis Childs of Floral Park,
New York, the Stark Brothers and A.
Blanc & Co. of Philadelphia— old firms
who have dealt extensively with the Bur
bank "creations." A plant novelty of ex
ceptional merit is never a drug on the
market and brings a price ranging from
several hundred to several thousand dol
lars, the originator reserving no rights as
to its future propagation. The time has
arrived in the history of American horti
culture when purchasers of specialties in
fruits, flowers, ornamental trees and shrubs
are aware that Europe is not the only field
open to them, as in late years America fur
nishes a constantly increasing supply of
new and valuable plant novelties.
A late achievement of Mr. Burbank's, in
which lie shows pardonable pride, is a
thornless raspberry— a cross between the
Cuthbert and black cap.
"1 have been working !or seventeen
years to get it, and now you can see for
yourself," drawing slowly through his un
gloved hand a polished, leafless vine.
"There isn't a pricker on it, and not a par
ticle of rusty down. Last season it had an
abundant crop of mulberry -colored ber
ries of fine quality, though not so large
sized as I would like."
A moment after he called attention to
another "new creation," which was also
in liich favor. It was a white blackberry
—a vigorous bush of the Law ton type,
which bears the snowiest, clusters ever
known to berry cultivators. The entire
stock of this superb novelty, consisting of
one strong bush and 300 hardy plants from
root-cuttings, was recently sold to an East
ern purchaser.
Among the imported foreign varieties is
a magnificent giant blackberry from the
Himalayan mountains, the balloon berry
from Japan, a showy, inflated shell that
bursts with the picking, and which Mr.
liurbank whimsically designates "a first
class Japanese swindle," and the Rubus
capensis or Stanley berry, brought here
from the interior of Africa. '1 his delicious
berry was first described by the famous
explorer whose name it bears. Its chief
characteristic is its profusion of elegant,
WHITE HYBRID BLACKBERRY. ONE OF MR. BURBANK'S SUCCESSES.
[From a photography
brocaded leaves, which make it a striking
feature of the grounds.
The best of the Burbank hybrids are pro
duced from crossing standard varieties
like Cuthbert, Shaffer's Colossal and Law
ton with the wild berries of this coast. In
making selection from the latter it was but
natural to begin experiments with the
handsomest of these native plants, the
thimbleberry (R. Nutkanis), salmonberry
(R. Spectabilis), and the Rubus ursinus or
wild dewberry. What traveler through
the Coast Range but has seen whole moun
tain sides trailed over with riotous thimble
berries, their large, four-lobed leaves of a
fresh, tender green and upholding flatwise
■white, silklike blooms as big as wild roses.
These berry sloces. floating their scarlet,
button-shaped clusters in mid June, add
unspeakable blitheness to young groves of
fluttering oaks and maples. But unfor
tunately all this suggestive loveliness is
proved of no avail to the pomologist; this
prettiest of our coast berries is obstinate to
improvement, resisting in fact the most
indefatigable efforts along lines of polleni
zation and selection.
Nor is the salmonberry much more
amenable to the persuasions of culture,
though it is one of the most attractive
shrubs of our northern sea-line wcods, and
certainly worthy of cultivation for orna
ment. In several instances a cross with
the sa.'monberry has produced a fairly
good hybrid, but take it all in ail the re
sults have not been satisfactory. It is re
served for the wild blackberry or dewberry
to be the pistillate parent of. some of the
finest of the new berry strains which, in
every instance, excel either parent in size,
productiveness and flavor. Oddly enough,
too, these dewberry hybrids ripen their
fruit several weeks earlier than the orig
inal plants, the large spicy flowers being
followed in an incredibly short time by
rich, glossy berries.
Another attractive line of fruit hybrids
are several new varieties of standard
quinces, the "pineapple quince." In
speaking of the pineapple quince Mr. Bur
bank said :
"When it was yet in the seed box I
noticed its superiority over iis 700 brother
seedlings. The leaves had a richer green,
and were finer cut and more luxuriant.
Last year it showed what it could do in
bearing. The fruit was perfect, a beauti
ful varnished yellow with no touch of the
disagreeable fuzziness characteristic of
the quince. The grain was fine and en
tirely free from harsh acid and the flavor
a delicious blending of quince with pine
apple. It got mellow like an apple and
could be eaten raw like one or baked and
stewed into sauce."
In the production of variations in plant
life, Mr. Burbank does not stop short of a
high rank. He admits that the re
sults of some of his experiments
are as great a surprise to himself as
they are to others, but is positive no limit
can be fixed to improvement in vegetable
types if there is a persistent patience and
the eye trained to note the slightest devi
ation in variations. Nixetta Eames.
IN BLUE GRASS LAND
The Ashland Thoroughbred Stock
Farm Made Famous by
Henry Clay.
NOW CONDUCTED BY A WOMAN.
The Successful Venture of the Widow
of the Great Commoner's
Son.
LEXINGTON, Ky., March 2, 1896.— The
Ashland thoroughbred stock farm is just
out of the limits of Lexington, and is one
of the most fertile and beautiful farms in
the blue grass region. Standing on the
front porch of the comfortable, ancient
brick residence may be seen — two miles
distant — the apex of the magnificent mon
ument reared by admiring friends in
honor of the American who said "I had
rather be right than President," on which
stands his marble effigy, with eyes fixed,
summer and winter, toward Ashland, as if
his mighty spirit were keeping eternal
watch over the old home he loved so well.
The breeding of thoroughbred horses on
this estate began as a pastime for Henry
Clay. The birth of the first little equine
aristocrat — 1831 — is recorded by his own
hand in a stock- book atill in use. But the
"Great Commoner" had but little time to
spare from the affairs of state to devote to
any private taste, and his son John, early
showing great love for the thoroughbred,
took charge of the stock, which, under his
care, soon furnished- leaders on nearly
every racecourse in America, and were
sent across the ocean to compete on their
own ground with English racehorses, with
flattering results, the son of Maggie B B—
Iroquois — winning the Derby and other
Mrs. John M. Clay, Who Owns and Manages the Ashland Stock Farm.
[Drawn from a photograph.]
prominent events; and the son of Sly
Boots— Sachem— besides winning races,
was third in the Derby.
In regard to his broodmares quality, not
number, was John M. Clay's rule. He
would say, "One good one is worth a
drove," and from a few well-selected dams
he bred so many good horses that he was
called the "Sir Joseph Hawley of Amer
ica."
Yorkshire, presented by Commodore
Morgan, became a stallion of great re
nown, celebrated for the staying qualities
and the ability to carry weight he im
parted.
Magnolia was a gift from Dr. Mercer.
She is called the "Queen of the Stud
books." Her thirteen foals were thirteen
winners of celebrity and, after their trans
ference to the stud, they, with equal dis
tinction, transmitted the royal blood of
their progenitors.
Margaret Wood, who was presented by
Colonel Hampton, •is reckoned scarcely
second to Magnolia. The performance of
her granddaughter, Balloon, is without
parallel to this day, winning in the autumn
of her three-year-old form at one, two,
three and four mile heat races. Subse
quently she gave to the turf the distin
guished triad, Revolver, The Banshee and
True Blue.
So convinced became J. M. Clay of the
unrivaled excellence of the blood of Mag
nolia and Margaret Wood that he elimi
nated from his stud every female not their
descendants. And nearly forty years of
almost unbroken prosperity as a breeder
evinced the correctness of his opinion.
For his unblemished integrity and
kindly heart Mr. Clay was much loved
and honored, and when, aged 67, at the
home of his birth, his good white head
was called to its final rest, the sorrow felt
was sincere and abiding.
It now seemed certain that the stock
would be dispersed— the old breeding
establishment broken up. But yet living
was an owner whose heart was in the right
place. Mrs. Clay made this announcement:
"No changes are contemplated; the busi
ness will be continued on the same meth
ods as near as possible, and managed by
myself."
Of course at first she had many diffi
culties and discouragements; but these
she met with the steady resolution befit
ting 1 the great-granddaughter of a brig
adier-general in the War for American In-
dependence.
Eight years have passed, and her work
shows for itself in the pervading appear
ance of thrift and good management. The
twenty-five miles of substantial plank and
post and rail fence, twenty-six buildings,
thirty gates and twelve sets of bars all evi
dence constant supervision. And no otner
breeder can show better kept stock. And
when her yearlings are sent to the sale
ring they go in the pink of condition. In
a sale at Morris Park one of her yearlings
brought $8200, thfi lot averaging $3500.
Some of the good performers soid by her
are: Riley (Derby winner), Minnie El
klns (Derby winner), Rainbow (Derby win
ner}, Guiifurd (winner of forty-two races.
once lowering a record) ; Yon Tromp, Ap
pomattox, Barefoot, Bright Phoebus, Sem
per Fidele, Semper Rex, Semper Lex, Sem
per Ego and Loki, all high-class stake win
ners.
She has great tenderness for her horses
ana her affection is returned. Promptly
they will come at her call and wait for the
caressing pat and the friendly word. Once,
when showing some yearlings to a visitor,
three frolicsome fillies began to pull at her
broad-brimmed straw hat. Smiling she
stood, making no effort to protect her
head gear, which was snatched away in
three separate bits. "It didn't cost but a
quarter," she remarked in the tones of one
apologizing for the bad behavior of spoiled
children. "And just to think," she added,
a sad look coming over her face, "I have
to put up those babies to be sold and there
is no telling how they will be treated;
why, these little things have never had a
cross word." However, she has indemni
fied her feelings to the extent of providing
for the comfortable future of every super
annuated animal on her place. A provision
in her will secures $50 annually to eaca
one for life.
A PECULIAR BIRDHOUSE.
It la Nailed to the Top of a Very High
Pine Tree.
On the northern slope of Mount Tamal*
pais, in plain sight of one of the numerous
trails leading up from Ross Valley, is one
of the most interesting looking birdhousea
to be found anywhere. The miniature
house itself is not so unusual looking, but
its position is so strange one involuntarily
asks, "How did it get there?"
The tiny structure is fastened to the top
of one of the highest pine trees in the vi
cinity. The tree is dead, and perhaps ha 3
been for some time. The top is at least
seventy feet from the ground. The trunK
is very slender and even if the tree were
young and springy would not support a
man so that he could climb to the top and
nail the birdhouse in place.
How long the birdhouse has been in its
present position is another question
hardly possible to answer. It looks
weatherworn, but seems to be in good,
condition otherwise. The supports that
fasten it to the tree are apparently strong
enough to nold it in its present position
for a long time.
Nobody living in the vicinity knows
anything about the origin of the bird
house. Some say it has been there for
twenty years and others say only a short
time. There seems but one solution of
the way in which it got into its present
lofty position, and that is that a number
of years ago, when the pine tree vr&a
younger, another tree grew close to it, up
which somebody climbed and fastened the
birdhouse in place. The tree that waa
Blrdhouse on Top of a Pine Tree In Ross
Valley.
[From a sketch.]
used as a ladder was afterward cut down.
The quaint old structure on its lofty perch
always seems to have tenants.
It is quite common in Fiji and Samoa
for a man to bear upon his arm or body a
certificate of his birth which is practically
indelible. Tattooing is-carried on in these
islands to an absurd extent, and it is the
practice to tattoo on the hand of a mother
the date of her children's births. Some-
times also an enthusiastic father will tattoo
the date of the birth on the child itself,
and no matter how long it lives, the certifi
cate will remain easily decipherable. In
some adjoining islands every child is tat
tooed almost from head to foot upon its
completing its twelfth year. The result is
very remarkable, especially if the child is
crowing rapidly, so that the spaces between
the tattoo-marks increase in size year by
year. _
The tea plant is said to be a variety of
the camellia.
1516
WONDERFUL INVENTION
IN the forenoon of a brilliant summer
day two lads, each about 14 years of
age, wandered . far away from the
camp of their parents in the Santa
Cruz Mountains of California, and
came suddenly upon an odd-looking house
planted in an obscure canyon which opened
into the gorge of the San Gregorio. This
in turn ran tortuous'y down through tiie
mountains to the Pacific Ocean. On the
far side of the gorge was the grade which
crosses the range.
It was evident at once to the sharp
witted boys that the little canyon had
been selected for its remoteness and diffi
cult accessibility, and that great care had
been taken to set the house among the
dark redwoods in a spot where its discov
ery would happen only by an unliKely ac
cident. This fact did not impress them so
strongly as did the character of the house
itself. The structure was of generous size
and was built of logs and roofed with poles
covered with a thatch of boughs. In no
•particular did it resemble the woodcutters'
cabins so common in the range nor the
houses of the widely scattered settlers.
Its most peculiar feature was its entire ab
sence of windows, though its considerable
dimensions indicated the necessity for
them ; the only opening was a door, which
was massive and strong. Neither road nor
trail led to it, and yet in its immediate
vicinity the lads found evidence of its
present occupancy.
Moved by the curiosity of their species
they approached cautiously and in silence.
No sound greeted their ears. They gentiv
tried the door and it opened to their touch.
No one was within. The greater part of
the interior was given up to a room con
taining v quantity of machinery, and low
partitions inclosed two small chambers
used for sleepine purposes.
As the moments passed the boys ac
quired an increasing Bense of security and
began a study oi the machinery in the
larger room. Its general character was
familiar to them, for they had seen the
like 01 it before. A water-mill, fed by a
pipe leading through the wall to some
distant source of supply, was easily recog
nized, as also was a powerful dynamo
placed near it ; but although this latter
apparatus had the general characteristics
of a dynamo it bad a number of queer
lookins attachments wholly unlike any
thing the boys had ever seen before. Sus
pended in the center of the room, and
connected with the dynamo by massive
copper wires, was a large and exceedingly
complex appliance, which, however strange
its appearance, still suggested an arc lamp
of tremendous power.
As the boys were exchanging their
views to a whispered conversation one of
them, called Harry, suggested that as
everything seemed to be in perfect work
ing order, it ni:ght be well for James, his
companion, to try tho experiment of turn
ing on the water in order to ''see the tnintj
go." James complied in rather a gingerly
fashion, and insiantiy tho machinery re
sponded. The water-mill whirred, the
dynamo groaned and rumbled, and the
complicated apparatus resembling an arc
lamp sputtered ominously.
In it moment the ooys began to ex
perience an extraordinary sensation, the
nature of which they could not under
stand. They watched the lamp to observe
the appearance of the brilliant spark
which they expected, but it did not be
come manifest. More than that, the lamp
seemed to become invested with a rapidly
gathering haze. The Jads regarded each
other in surprise, and tlien became aware
that something strange was afoot through
out the house. Their hrst impression was
that The sun had suddenly become ot>
scured in some extraordinary manner, for
the light in the room was rapidly fading
and a deepening twilight was falling.
They turned simultaneously to look
through the open door and discovered that
the brilliant sunshine without was fast
graying, as though a cloud deeper and
blacker and thicker than they had ever
Known before had worked the miracle of
"As the bays reached the crest of the mountain there I.ap.'d forth from the canyon below a giant column
of white smoke crowned with timbers, pieces of metal and human limbs."
appearing in a California sky in the mid
dle of summer.
In another instant, before any instinct
to fly could have found exercise, they were
overwhelmed in an awful blackness,
through which not the faintest ray of light
! penetrated from any source whatever.
There are few persons in this world who
know what absolute darkness is. It is
difficult to find, except in the remotest
depths of the deepest caverns. There is
only one thing so terrifying as perfect
darkness, and that is absolute silence; and
this is another exceedingly rare human
experience. Such blackness as that in
which these two lads found themselves
seems palpable, ponderable, thick and op
pressive; it weighs upon the sensibilities
as a nightmare; it gives the impression of
drowning in a sea of viscid ink. With its
stifling and its terrors it conduces to mad
ness.
Dazed and helpless at first with the hor
ror of their situation, the boys clutched
each other to secure the consolation of
companionship in their fearful extremity,
and then, gasping and scrambling, began
to grope about in a searcti for the door.
By good fortune they presently found it
and tumbled headlong out upon the
ground, where they lay panting in the
brilliant sunshine that they had left when
they entered the house and that had
lured them abroad that summer morning.
Hand in band, with no loss of time, they
scuiried away to a safe distance and paused
to recover courage and breath.
They looked toward the house again
and saw another marvelous thing. In
their tiight they had left the door wide
open, and they now beheld what appeared
to be an extraordinary structure stretch
ing from the door across the Ded of the
canyon, the farther cud resting on the
opposite hillside. Its sectional dimen- |
sions at the house exactly lit ted the door- !
way; in length it was seventy or eighty
yards, and it evenly increased in size >
toward the hillside. Evidently an open- !
Ing for it had been cut through the forest. >
Although of so great length, it was sup- |
ported neither by truss nor scaffold, i
But the color was even more remarkable, j
It was a dead black, without gloss, seam
or bolt, and the boys had never seen a
thine like it in their lives before, and cer
tainly it had not been there when they
approached the house. As they watched
and wondered, well concealed in the brush,
looking at the strange object which
stretched across the canyon and listening
;to the whirring and grinding of tin
machinery in the house, they saw an old
man of singular appearance hurriedly and J
anxiously pushing his way through the j
undergrowth toward the building, pausing |
now and then in a listening attitude, his
face v.-hite with alarm and haggard with
anxiety.
It was clear to them that his perturba
tion had been caused by his discovery, as
\ l.c was approaching the house, that the
j machinery had been started by strange
! and vandal hands. He hurried forward, i
! paused in a passing transport of pleasure I
I to admire the strange black thing which j
lay acro-s the canyon, then cautiously ap- I
proaclied the door and thuust his head to j
! one side in peering within, though his at
j titude suggested listening instead of look
| ing. In doing this he had to push his
i bead and one shoulder into the long black
object issuing from the door. There they
were entirely lost to view. He had per
formed this feat in spite of the apparent
solidity of the object. But the most singu
lar phenomenon was that as h9 thus stood
j he appeared to be without a head! It ia
j impossible to describe the sensation which
j this spectacle produced in the minds of the
• silent watchers in the brush.
The old man then disappeared wholly in
the body of the black object at the plane
of its juncture with the door, and a few
! seconds afterward the grinding sound of
the machinery was stilled, and the great
black thing began to turn gray; it faded
| quickly, became a faint shadow and then
I disappeared altogether.
The boys were yet too fascinated and
| overcome to escape from this uncanny
place. While they waited in wondering
silence two other persons approached the j
mysterious house. One was a young
woman, handsome and sprightly, and the
other a young man, evidently her inferior
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
in intelligence and station, but none the
less strong, well-favored, competent and
whoJesome. There seemed to be a
recently developed understanding between
them. He was shy, but his eyes were rilled
with adoration as he gazed into her face.
Her manner was bolder and alluring. His
contained an element of guilt and shame.
Evidently she was the love-maker of the
two, and manifestly it was more shyness
than conscience that placed a certain con
straint upon him.
They had seen nothing of that which
had given the old man so ureat alarm, and
they were unaware of the lour eager young
ears that ambushed their conversation in
the brush.
"Oh, but it is dreadful to be that old
man's wife !" she exclaimed passionately.
"He seems very kind to you and to love
you very much," the man responded.
"How can he love me, wnen he buries
me in these lonely mountains and terrifies
me with his dreadful invention? Do you
call that love ? Is it possible for a girl who
has lived in the world to bear such horrors
as these?"
"But," the man protested, "he has now
perfected his invention. It is a wonderful
thing, and it will make him famous and
rich. And then you will return to the
great bright world, and will forget the
ignorant laborer who built your house and
cooked for you and helped your husband
set up the machinery."
The woman cast an arch glance upon
him, and, throwing a wealth of feeling
into her voice, said :
"Can a woman ever foreet a handsome,
kind and gentle ruau who did all these
things for her sak6? Is a woman blind
not to see in everything that a mau does
the one thing that to her is the most
precious in all the world ?"
They had paused very near the lads.
She was looking up into his strong face
with an appealing glance that it was not
in him to withstand, had he suoh an in
clination. He caught her in his arms,
kissed her and held her thus; and then
she gently put his arms away and they
both stood looking at the ground. The
man tried to speas, but his voice failed
him. She had a surer tongue and began
to talk about the commonplaces, hard
ships and terrors of her life. The man was
grateful to her for that and quickly fell in
with her composure.
"Tell me," she said, "what is in that box
you brought over the mountains the other
day."
An expression of pai 1 came into the
man's face. "He made me promise
solemnly not to tell you," her companion
haltingly made answer.
"But you will tell me," she pleaded, tak
ing his arm in both her hands and nest
ling her face against it, her red lips offer
ing a kiss.
"He — he told me it was dynamite," «the
man said, his face Blazing with shame.
She puled instantly and recoiled.
"What ia he going to do with it?" she
eagerly inquired.
"He didn't tell me."
"But you have some idea — you know."
The unhappy man had not the art to
| conceal the truth nor the strength to do
his duty.
"I—l have an idea," ne stammered.
Having the fine perception to see that
she was building a wall of ice between
them she changed her tactics. Her hard
insistence became soft wheedling and in
sinuating love-making. The man broke
down completely and confessed:
"I think it's to blow up the whole works
With if anything goes wrong."
"Well, if what jroes wrong?"
"He never said."
"But you have an idea."
The man was now sincere, as well as be
wih ered, when he answered, "I haven't
the least idea."
Tbe woman drew a deep breath and
gazed silently at nothing.
"He has hidden it; doyouknow where?"
"Upon my honor I don't. I didn't know
he had."
Tiie two then went on to the house and
entered, closing the door behind them.
The silent watchers recalled their wits.
Their courage and spirit of adventure had
returned and they held a whispered con
ference, wondering what it all meant. The
situation was too tempting, the possibili
ties too rich, to be abandoned. Even a
knowledge that a box of dynamite was
concealed somewhere about was not suffi
cient to stay their enterprise. Like cats
they crept xound through" the brush to the
rear of the house and, approaching nearer
and nearer, came so close that they could
hear the conversation eoing on witbin, as
the sound of it escaped through the ven
tilating spaces underneath the eaves.
The old man, whom the others called
"Professor," was evidently in a rage, and
was upbraiding them.
"How do I know where you have been
or what you have been doing?" he cried.
"I left you, madam, in charge of the place,
warned on your life not to abandon it for
an instant. I return and find the house
empty and the machinery in operation —
undoubtedly the interference of human
hands; and that means a premature dis
covery of my invention and the ruin of all
my plans!"
"Sir," came the voice of the woman, car
rying a fine, strong ring, "I have been a
true, faithful and long-suffering wife to
you, and I am not willing to submit either
to insult or reproach. As you know, Fred
preceded you this morning; he went to
cut wood — I had no idea where. After you
had left I became very lonely and afraid.
A mountain lion began to growl above the
house, and in sheer desperation I ian
away. I was gone less than an hour.
While gone I heard the sound of Fred's
ax, and so found him, and he was coming
to the house with me to cook our lunch
eon."
The old man, without appearing to be
overwatchful, nevertheless had kept an
uncommonly sharp eye about him, as the
lads judged by tbe shrewd observations
which he made, but more particularly by
the dreadful denouement of the scene.
The professor's voice suddenly changed in
quality and temper to a cheerful and
friendly resonance.
"After all," he remarked, with a laugh,
"it seem.* to me that we are inclined to be
a little testy. I have just examined the
DRAGGED FROM THE JAWS OF DEATH
An Incident in a Mail-Carrier's Life.
JUDGE FRANCIS ADAMS, now
a San Francisco attorney, was one
of the early pioneers of the great
West, and few of the old-timers have
witnessed more thrillinc occurrences
or participated in more exciting events
than he.
"Perhaps the most narrow escape I ever
had," said the Judge, a few days ago, in
recalling scenes that antedate the gold dis
covery, "was in an encounter with hostile
Indians in the year 1347." And here is
the story. It reads like tiction after the
lapse of fifty years.
In the above-mentioned year Adams,
then a boy of 17, was engaged in carrying
military mail between El Paso, Tex., and
Albuquerque, N. Mex. The greater por
tion of the country through which cc
passed was a desert waste. One piece of
the way was particularly dangerous, being
in the vicinity of a frequent rendezvous
of the Indians, and for the mail-carrier's
safety and protection a small troop of sol
diers was regularly detached from the mid
way post of Manzana, on the Rio Grande,
to meet the mail boy at a certain point of
rocks, at which he always halted, and to
escort him over that part of the road which
was considered unsafe.
The spot in question was generally
reached after niebtfall. It so happened
that the oificer in charge of the troop waa
Sergeant William J. Graves, who after
ward became prominent as a lawyer in
this State, but who has long since joined
the silent majority. Young Graves was
of herculean build, brave as a lion and as
reckless as he was brave. Week after
week he led his company of seven troop
ers from Manzana to that point of rocks,
and rode along with the mail-carrier
through the danger-fraught region.
Young Adams had on several occasions
been hard pressed by savages, but he was
well mounted, and bis steed had always
carried him through unscathed, although
arrows sometimes whizzed annoyingiy
close to his head.
No incident worth mentioning had oc
curred for quite a little period; so that
upon one occasion Sergeant Graves felt in
clined to take matters rather leisurely.
Then, concluding that he would miss the
mail-carrier if he rode to the point of
rocks, the sergeant resolved to strike
ahead and meet Adams on the highway.
As usual, the mail-carrier halted. It
was after nightfall, but the big silver moon
made the night radiant, and objects could
be distinguished clearly for a considerable
distance.
The horse was allowed to graze about,
and Adams sat down to rest. Then he
looked toward Manzana for the troopers,
but they were nowhere to be seen. Soon
the horse pricked up its ears, and moved,
in a frightened way, toward the master.
Adams knew whatthat meant, and lead
ing the animal to the cover of the rocks,
peered about and discovered that the red
skins were quietly closing in on him from
all sides.
Delay meant death. Adams put his
water-cock and discovered that it leaks
slightly. In closing the door when you
left, my dear, you were so frightened and
in so great a hurry that you forgot to latch
or lock it, or even to close it tightly. Some
wild animal of the mountains pushed its
way in and accidentally opened the water
cock in its effort to get more water than
that which dripped. It is all clear now."
"I am glad your senses have returned,"
said his wife.
"They have, indeed, my dear; they have
returned with amazing clearness. This is
all the more gratifying in view of the fact
that I have decided to break up our home,
where we have spent so many strange
months. As you know, I have perfected
my invention; and though 1 say it myself,
it is certainly a very wonderful thing. 1
have prepared this written explanation of
it as the basis of an application for a pat
ent; but I now destroy it" (and tne lads
without heard the crackling of burning
paper), "for the reason that it might fall
into untrustworthy nands before it reaches
Washington. I have no uneasiness. It is
all perfectly clear in my memory ; and if I
live sufficiently long I can write it all out
again in Washington, and present it in
person to the Patent Office."
He was heard to chuckle softly in the
deep ensuing silence which filled the
room — a portentous and uneasy silence it
seemed to the boys as they listened.
"Well," resumed the old man, "after
all, when 1 give it to the world it will be
no longer mine. It will no longer be pos
sible for me to say this solely to myself:
'You have seen electricity employed to
produce lisht, which dispels darkness;
you have now reversed that function and
transformed its marvelous energy into the
opposite of that operation. By infinite
labor and study you have accomplished
the incredible, for under your magic
touch electricity has been made to dispel
light and disseminate darkness. You may
turn this simple water-cock; it starts a
water-wheel; that lends energy to the
dynamo; the current thus generated
passes through these modifiers, or re-
carbine in order, sprang into his saddle,
selected an opening in the Indian line,
and driving his spurs into bis horse's side
made a desperate dash for life. The In
dians were momentarily disconcerted by
the bold movement. Adams used his
carbine on the nearest of the enemy, and
despite a rain of arrows, plunged through
the line.
Just as he thought himself fairly in the
race to save his scalp, be saw ahead of him
in the pale light another band of Indians
that he had not calculated on. He whirled
"Quick," cried Graves, lenrrng down from his saddle.
to one side and then a chase against heavy
odds began.
For ten miles the painted warriors pur
sued him, gaining on him every minute.
The arrows pierced his clothing; the
Indian yells almost drowned the noise of
the hoof-beats of his steed. Hi 3 horse was
wounded, but the faithful beast still strug
gled on. The sixty-four rounds of ammu
nition carried by the rider were nearly ex
hausted. The norse was weakening fast.
The Indiana were now riding, with tri
umphant shouts, almost alongside of their
certain prey. Arrows fell thicker than
ever; both rider and Horse were bleeding
from wounds made by the winged shafts.
The gun was burning- hot. and Adams
began emptying his pistol. His moments
seemed numbered. Now he regained the
highway, and just as he waa in the act of
swinging his horse into th« road the ani
mal fell dead.
Adams was on the ground, and around
him was a band of devils.
At this juncture tiring was heard afar.
The Indians were stayed by sudden terror.
They glanced toward the fresh scene of
conflict. It was & brief respite for the
prisoner in the midst of the savages.
"Frank, Frank! where are you?" came a
powerful voice.
"Here I" cried the prisoner. And
through the hostile band, Graves had
burst his way. knocking Indians to the
right and to the left. The savages scat
tered like children before him.
"Quick," cried Graves, leaning far down
from his saddle, extending his strong
hand, and locking it around the enfeebled
hand of young Adams. "Swing up be
hind!"
Adams mounted behind the sergeant.
The Indians had not recovered from the
surprise and shock of the young giant's
charge when they were aware of two
whites on a single horse riding away in
the moonlight at a speed that mocked pur
suit; -riding away to be joined by the
troopers, who had began to despair of their
young commander's life; riding away to
tell the near-by camp at Manzana, long
after sunrise, how younp: Adams was
saved from a death of torture, and how
young Graves had gloriously redeemed
himself, at the risk of life and limb, from
a charge of negligence, that nobody could
have preferred after such a night and such
a deed.
Resignation of a Fire Brigade.
The members of the Darwen Corporation
Fire Brigade have tendered their resigna
tion as a protest against a statement re
ported to have been made at the last town
council meeting, that the firemen were
inefficient. The men have; held a
meeting, at which great indignation was
versers, or whatever we may be pleased to
call them, and its whole character is
turned wrong end forward. The lamp
sputters; its emanations, radiating in
straight lines and diminishing in force
with the square of the distance, counteract
the power of the all-pervading ether to
transmit light, and thus, by a negative
operation, produce darkness; produce
more than that— absolnte blackness. 1
"Those things have I cherished as being
able to say to myself. But where is the
good in it? Life is light, darkness is
death; worse, darkness is concealment.
It is terrible to reflect that even in the
broad Ifght of the blazing sun dishonor
able things may be done under the fan
cied security of isolation. It were in
famous to increase the opportunities for
evil-doing by introducing artificial dark
ness to serve that end. 1 '
The listening toys heard a slight com
motion in the house, followed by this
sternly delivered admonition from the old
man:
( "Stop there instantly or I press this but
ton, and then, madam, there would be
some one to give an accounting to besides
the husband whom you have betrayed.
One step nearer, one finger raised, a single
word uttered and then a precious box of
dynamite buried under this house will
babble so loudly of a tragedy that the
sound of it will startle the world."
Whatever more the mad old man might
have said the two frightened lads did not
stay to hear, for with the instinct of rats
deserting a sinking ship they sped thence
as fast as nimble legs and energetic fear
could carry them. Wildly they tore
through the brush. It was not nntil they
had scaled the mountain to the nearest
crest that there leaped forth from the can
yon below them a giant column of white
smoke, crowned with yellow timbers,
pieces of bright metal and human limbs,
and an ensuing trembling of the ground
on which they stood came ahead of the
hoarse rumble and the ear-hurting inipac
tion of a tremendous explosion of dyna
mite.
expressed about the allegation, and unless
it is withdrawn, and the firemen induced
to continue their duty, the town will be
without an organized fire brigade after
Thursday next, when the notices will ex
pire. Their remuneration is only nominal,
ranging from £20 a year for superin
tendent to 50 shillings for ordinary fire
men. — London Chrouicle.
Never Leaves British Soil.
A Waldorf Hotel group were discussing
the extent of British territory a few even
ings ago wiien an experienced traveler
made a remark that set others to looking
up their atlases at the first opportunity.
He had said that a traveler can leave Lon
don and go around the world and never
set foot on other than British soil.
Asked to outline the itinerary he
answered: "From England to Halifax;
to Victoria over the Canadian Pacific;
across the Pacific to Hongkong, stepping
there on the British reservation ; thence to
Singapore, Penanp, the island of Mauritius,
Cape Town. South Africa; St. Helena and
home to England: or from Penang you
may go to Ceylon, thence by way of Bom
bay, Aden, Perira, Malta, Gibraltar and
thence home."— New York World.
Chile fa said to possess more poets in
proportion to her population than any
other country in the world.
SEV TO-DAY.
ACCIDENT AHHE PARK,
A BICYCLER FELL AND
HURT HIS KNEE.
HE GROANED WITH PAIN.
ALL THE WHEELS STOPPED.
A CROWD GATHERED.
One said, "Put off Raw Meat," otherg cried,
••Call the patrol-wagon, quick!"
Then came a man who
READS THE NEWSPAPERS,
And thus knows all there ia going.
HE JUMPED OFF HIS WHEEL
And took a bottle from the toolbox.
"Let me get to him and he will soon
RIDE HIS WHEEL HOME/*
He Dathed the hurts with Mitchell's Marie
Lotion. •
GRINS SUCCEEDED GROANS!
AND WENT OFF ON HIS WHEEL.
Try it if you
ACHE OR GET HURT, HAVE
NEURALGIA, TONSILITIS OR
A SORB THROAT,
And see how surprised and happy you will be
Any druggist can get it lor you.
' KEW TO-PAY^ _^^«.
HONEST PEOPLE TESTIFY
STEOIfi'STITEJIESTS h favor of his
IMPROVED HOMEOPATHIC REMEDIES.
FACTS THAT CANNOT BE DENIED.
Ob.tinate Forms of Rheumatism,
Catarrh, Dyspersia.^Kldney Com-
plalnts and Blood and Nervous Dis-
eases Are Promptly and Permanently
Cured by Munyon's emedieß-ASK
Your Druggist for Blunyon' s Guide
to Health, Select a 25-Cent Remedy
and Cure Yourself.
Mr. H. Zander, who lives on Bellevue
Terrace, Los Angeles, has this to say oi
Munyon's Remedies: "I have been a great
sufferer from rheumatism. It affected me
in various parts of the body. The pain
times was excruciating. I have tried al-
most every known remedy and have paid,
large of money to doctors with but
little or no benefit. Hearing of some of
the remarkable cures made by the Munyon
i Remedies, I purchased a 25-cent vial of the
Rheumatism Cure, and, much to my grat-
ification, I was completely relieved before
half the bottle had disappeared, and I con-
sider myself . entirely cured. I can heartily
recommend your remedies." ,r
Munvon's Rheumatism Cure never fails
to relieve in from one to three hours, and
cures in a few days. Price 25c. ...
Munyon's Dyspepsia Cure positively
cures all forms of indigestion and stom-
ach troubles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Cold Cure prevents pneumo-
nia and breaks up a cold in a few hours.
Price 25c.
Munyon's Cough Cure stops coughs,
night sweats, allays soreness and speedily
heals the lungs. Price 25c.
Munyon's Kidney Cure speedily cures
pains in the back, loins or groins and all
forms of kidney disease. Price 23c.
Munyon's Nerve Cure stops nervousne33
aDd builds up the system. 25c.
. Munyon's Catarrh Remedies never fail.
The Catarrh Cure (price 25c) eradicates the
disease from the system, and the Catarrh
Tablets (price 25c) cleans.6 and heal the
parts.
Munyon's Asthma Cure and Herbs re-
lieve asthma in three minutes and cure in
five days. Pries, 50c each.
Munyon's Headache Cure stops headache
in three minutes. Price 25c.
Munyon's Pile Ointment positively
cures all forms of piles. Price 25c.
Munyon's Blood Cure eradicates all im-
purities of the blood. Price 25c. .
. Munyon's Vitalizer restores lost powers
to weak men. Price, $1. f
' ■ A separate en re for «>ach disease. At all
druggists, 25 cents a bottle,
i Personal letters to Prof. Munyon, 1505
Arch street, Philadelphia, Pa., c answered
with free medical advice for any disease.
BAZAAR *
THAT
■■-. m. >_ 4 ' R Jl\ 'R .'■ '
TRUSS=FRAME
MEANS
THE "FOWLER!"
SEE EXHIBIT
Spaces No. 11 and 12, Cycle Show,
MECHANICS PAVILION.
-A-GHEJIKriVS AIjSO
FOR THE—
"BEN=HUR,"
The Best Bicycle Made
FOR $85.00.
BICYCLE REPAIRING A SPECIALTY
Full Line of Bicycle Sundries
at Lowest Prices.
DR. PIERCES '%- GALVANIC
CHAIN BELT .
,Istbe Latest Patent; contains all Improvements
and , is sold at one-half tbe price asked for inferior,
but much-advertised electric belts. ._ ;
, The results accomplished by Dr. Pierce 3 be. ts
are simply wonderful, thousands of cures Having
been made where pnysiclans and medicine* had
"rSi ™^M.s S iole evidence will be given t. \
Inquirers mto the efficacy and •"P 6^. o "'} °* JJS
tierce's belts.- and a th ?j; ou S h , l f x B 8 ) f 1 o n t h t '° n , a a mir n i
coniparlsoi. of these Roods with all others is r»
■pectfifllj -Invited of all Intending purchaser* of a C
IBM *«- CHI or writ* 'or «™c
.^^Skck * son,
;; 704 Sacramento Street.
2d, 3rd and 4th floors. San Francisco, CaL _
DR. LEPPER'S
ELECTRIC LIFE!
Cure* Rheumatism, ; Neuralgia, Bruisss*
' • Sprains, Stiff Joints aud Swellings.-
IT STOPS Alt PAIN.
ALL DRUGGISTS BELL IT. *
50 CENTS AND 91 A BOTTLE.TELEGRAPH HILL
A VIEW of San Francisco which
omits Telegraph Hill may be not
inaptly compared to the repre
sentation of the face of a great
man which omits his character
istic wart. In these days of scientific won
ders the man whose vanity suffers through
the consciousness of a facial blemish re
lieves his mind and his features by visit
intr a specialist and having the defect re
moved. But how odd it will seem to the
old pioneer to hear serious ta'k of the re
moval from the face of San Francisco of a
feature so prominent and so famous as
Telegraph Hrtl.
Yet it is beyond question that the Cali
iornians of the twenty-first century will
read of Teiegraph Hill with about the
same peculiar interest that we now read of
mountains and cities that have disap
peared from the surface of the earth. They
will wonder how it looked; wonder if it
really rose abruptly to the towering height
of 300 feet- above the City's waterfront;
and wonder again if nineteenth century
historians of the golden West were not
given to exaggeration when they alluded
to an impassable mountain barrier to the
progress of Kearnv and Montgomery
streets (both of which, of course, shall
then run in an uninterrupted course from
the heart of the City to the bay.)
Telegraph Hill is doomed — it is grad
ually passing. As of old, it looks defiantly
down Montgomery street, and the glance
of the casual observer from the old
thoroughfare reveals no change. But the
sight from the bay shore yields a different
story— the woeful fact that Telegraph Hill
is being unsparingly cut and hacked and
shot in the back of the nect. From the
summit, looking down on this scene of
demolition, you may see ant-like swarms
of creatures carrying away tiny loads from
the base. Little men are ceaselessly pick
ing away at the gigantic rock, and now
and then blasting out a cubic yard or so.
And what a vast weight there is in a cubic
yard ! Four-fifths of a cubic yard of this
rock weighs a ton. And these little men
who are picking and picking away and
finding so much heavy labor in the re
moval of one of those tons have no time
and no inclination to consider the world
of work that remains to be done ere the
last stone or fragment of rock of the great
hill shall have been whirled away.
Telegraph Hill is almost one solid mass
of rock. There is from twenty to twenty
two blocks of it, and these blocks repre-
A PORTION OF NORTH BEACH AS IT MAY LOOK WHEN TELEGRAPH HILL HAS BEEN REMOVED
[An ideal sketch by a "Call" artist.]
Bent a total of about! 40,000,000 cubic feet,
or about 50,000,000 tons. Only a quarter of
a block of it is gone.
Where is that quarter of a block? It
has been distributed in almost every
quarter of the world. It has gone as bal
last in the big ships. Dirt ballast fills the
ship with slime, while this rock is clean.
The crushed rock is used for concrete in
Liverpool. Britain holds a ground-up bit
of Telegraph Hill; some of it is lost in the
streets of Paris; a little has gone to the
Antipodes; the Asiatic shore has had a
sprinkling of it; Africa has not been
Blighted, and why may we not imagine
Borne Telegraph Hill concrete being
utilized to hold together some of the
ancient classic piles of Athens and of
Rome?
The rock from Telegraph Hill is being
put into seawalls; into foundation-walls
and walls of streets; it is being used up in
riprap for railroads and in macadam for
roadways in many cities by the bay. It is
too seamy for building purposes. Three
hundred men are kept busy blasting and
crushing and loading it for a multitude of
destinations, and it may be observed that
Ban Francisco is the only city in the world
where a stone quarry is being worked and
a rock- crushing plant operated within five
blocks of the postofhce.
Telegraph Hill may in the not distant
future furniso rock for walling in and re
claiming the stretch of land from Oakland
to Oakland mole; it will be used to build
seawalls for China Basin and all alone; the
west score; it may some day furnish rock
For a bridge across to Goat Island and
somplete a mole that shall unite it with
the Alameda shore. The sooner these and
other vast improvements take shape, the
quicker will be the downfall of Telegraph
Hill.
The heart of the pioneer waxes sora at
the thouzht of this worse than vandalism.
Old San Francisco will be no more when
that hill is gone. That hill is nearly all
that ia left of it to-day. In '49 the people
3f the City were warned of the arrival of
Vessels by signals flashed from Telegraph
Hill. The signal thrilled many a heart,
tt meant tidings from the Union; tidings
Ironi loved ones on the other side of the
tontinent, and in those days the other side
kf the continent was the other side of the
fcorld. California was the jumping-off
>lace. From Telegraph Hill the eagerly
iraitins City was apprised by signal of
California's admission to the sisterhood of
Itates. The whole population watched
jbe hill that day and burst into a common
jubilation when the signal shot forth the
Its Past,
Present and
Future.
intelligence that a new star of the West
had been added to the National galaxy.
Later on, and within the memory
of the present generation, the hill
loomed up as the scene of an enter
prise of magnitudinous proportions.
What a glorious conception was that
which genius lent to enthusiastic capi
talists in the idea of a cable road to the
summit of Telegraph Hill, whereupon
they should build a resort that should be
the envy of rival cities and the admiration
of travelers. The scheme was gigantic; so
was the failure. The cable road was built
up Greenwich street to the pavilion of I
pleasure at the top of the hill. It was
even in contemplation to have the car at
the completion of the ascent lifted to the
platform of a hydraulic elevator and
dropped down to the level on the perpen
dicular bayside of the hill, whence a trip
to the seawall might be enjoyed. Tourists
were expected to so wild over such an ex
cursion, and it was thought certain thac
the people of the bay cities would keep
coming in a continuous stream to swell
the receipts of the Telegraph Hill Cable
Company.
The cable-cars ran up the hill; the
pavilion rose and kissed the clouds ; but the
very few madly delighted people never got
the chance to drop down in the hydraulic
elevator. The cable hadn't been running
very long before the bottom dropped out
of the scheme. It was found, of course, to
be stupendous folly. Subscribers to that
enterprise, who invested big wads of good
money in that gold-fed undertaking, do
not care a continental fox the fate of Tele
graph Hill.
There is something lamentable about
the destruction of this hill. It once sloped
gently to the sea, and wealthy people,
attracted by the scenic site, built homes
thereon and from their doorways feasted
their eyes on pictures of never-waning in
terest — on busy streets, on domes and
spires, on sails and masts, on distant hills
and mountains beyond them, on islands,
bay and sea, and cities rising by the wave
afar.
The City of San Francisco made a sad
mistake when she abandoned that hill to
the quarrymen. Improved and beautified,
what a rare ornament it would have made !
Voyagers on ships coming in from sea
would have been charmed at a picture of
splendid homes greeting the eager gaze as
the vessels steered into the placid harbor.
What a glorious place that hill might
have been made had the City been gifted
with foresight long ago. Telegraph Hill
should have been terraced. A roadway of
easy grade should have wound about it
from base to summit. Then mansions
would have lined the roadway. The hill
would not be, as it is, an unsightly rock
to the gazer from the bay. Its summit
would not be reached by cleated paths
along rows of ramshackle structures; the
greater part of the hill would not be bare
and cheap-looking, and people would re
gard it with pride where they now view it
with pain and pity.
It is too bad that some millionaire did
not see tit to perpetuate his memory by
providing for an observatory of some pre
tensions that should rest on Telegraph Hill
like the topmast jewel of a regal crown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAROK 8, 18.98.
In spite of years of legal battle against
it the blasting process goes on. Is it too
late to save what remains, and must the
hill be torn away piecemeal? If this blast
ing could be stopped, might not this hill
yet be made a thing of beauty?
If you want a breath of good sea air, if
you want a birdseye view of the rush of
the world of trade, If you want marine
views, if you want muscle-building exer-
cise, Telegraph Hill still stands with an
open invitation to come and enjoy any
and all of these.
Will some old-timers speak out in its
behalf? Or has the old historic landmark
not one friend left? And must it then be
for ages an eyesore and a blight before it
vanishes forever?
Gray Bros., who work the quarry and
rock-crushing plant, are the heaviest
owners of Telegraph Hill property to-day.
TELEGRAPH HILL AS IT APPEARED IN 1849.
[From an old print.]
G. T. Gray of this firm has figured out
that the hill will have disappeared in a lit
tle over a hundred years. The hill is the
residence quarter of a large class of for
eigners, of whom many own their lots. As
the blasting moves deeper into the hill the
lots above are purchased by the quarry
owners, who may hate acquired the whole
rocky eminence before many decades
go by.
"No great value attaches to the hill
property now," said G. T. Gray, "but in
the day that sees it leveled down it will be
a splendid possession. Then Kearny and
Montgomery streets will run through to
the water front, and the way may be lined
with stores and manufactories. The hill
is bounded by Broadway, Lombard, San-
some and Dupont streets. The only ob
jection I have heard to the removal of
Telegraph Hill is that a large portion of
the City would be directly exposed to
winds, where now the hill acts as a wind
break. Nobody alive will ever feel the
change, but it is well to have a thought
for posterity. I think even this objection
is not well taken and that the importance
of the hill as a windbreak is exaggerated."
In order to settle the question of possible
climatic change, supposititiously due to a
removal of Telegraph Hill, Weather Ob
server Hammond was consulted in his
cozy nest at the top of the Mills building.
"It will make no climatic difference,"
said Mr. Hammond. "The only effect of
the removal of Telegraph Hill would be
to allow the fog to flow in moFe swiftly
TELEGRAPH HILL AS IT APPEARS TO-DAY.
[From a sketch made at the foot o/Santome »treeU\
from the bay. At present the hill acts as
a sort of barrier against the low fog-banks.
If the location of the hill were to the west
instead of to the north, it would be in the
course of the winds, and a removal, in
that case, would make a material difference
to the City."
People needn't lie awake nights worry
ing for fear of climatic changes in this
regard. The hill will be in evidence, any
how, for some time yet; although it is
going by degrees, and the change that time
will bring to the blocks where it stands
will be more wonderful than the conver
sion of bleak sand dunes into perpetual
flower gardens.
Fancy (a couple of hundred years from
now), a curbstone philosopher, addressing
a friend in front of a store on the Mont
gomery-street extension of the future, and
relieving himself thus:
"lt doesn't seem possible that a cable
road ran up a mountain and landed at a
pavilion 200 or 300 feet high directly above
where we are now standing in the open
air, does it ? Our forefathers were great
liars."
DEATH OF WILLIAM MAIN
A State Pioneer and Prominent
in Commercial and Civic
Circles.
Connected With Leading Eastern Fam
ilies—His Death Due to a Fall
From a Ladder.
William Washington Main, an employe
of the firm of Mam & Winchester, died at
his residence in this City Thursday morn
ing. While fixing a screw-eye at his office,
214 Battery street, on Monday morning the
stepladder upon which he stood collapsed
and he was thrown violently to the floor.
When picked ud he was unconscious, and
it was found that he was suffering from
concussion of the brain. He did not there
after regain consciousness.
The deceased was born in Boston, Mass.,
sixty-seven years ago. He came to Cali
fornia in 1849, and has since then been a
resident of this State. He was one of the
most prominent and energetic of the Vigi
lantes in the early '50's, the honesty and
straightforwardness oil bis character al
ways asserting itself on the side of truth
and right. After the Vigilante excitement
in this City Mr. Main went to Petaluma,
where he established a large and lucrative
business. He also organized the Petal uma
Fire Department. After the opening of
the railroad Mr. Main turned his eves to
the greater commercial center of San
Francisco. From that time on he was
identified with the firm of Main & Win
chester in the capacity of head of its most
important department.
His sudden demise has deprived the firm
of one of its most valued and trusted em
ployes. It has also bereaved one of our most
respected families of its head. William
Washington Main leaves behind him, be
sides a sorrowing widow to mourn his loss,
three married daughters, Mrs. J. C. Fitz
gerald, wife of the publisher of the Silver
Advocate; Mrs. I. T. Tarbox and Mrs.
Owen H. VVynne; one unmarried daugh
ter, Miss Alice L. Main, and a young son,
Stanford W. Main. The head of the firm,
Charles Main, feels the loss keenly, the
more so as it is only two months since he
lost his wife. The sad event will t»e de
plored by numerous families in Philadel
phia and other Eastern cities, where Mr.
Main had many influential relatives. He
was connected with the Hartwells of Phil
adelphia, among the oldest settlers of the
New England States.
The funeral will take place to-day at 2
p. m., from his late residence, and Rev. Q.
W. Eliot Jr.. associate pastor of the First
Unitarian Church, will officiate. Inter
ment will be at Laurel Hill Cemetery.
Starting Racehornes by Machines.
The Ingleside Starting-machine Company
has filed articles of incorporation. The com
pany is formed to manufacture and sell ma
chines for starting racehorses. The directors
are: R. E. de B. Lopez, E. Corrigan, A. B.
Spreckels, W. 8. Leake and R. P. Ashe. The
capital stock is $100,000, $250 of which baa
been subscribed.
Among the principal industries of Ven
ezuela are the cultivation of coffee and
cocoa, cattle-raising, the growtn of sugar
cane and its manufacture into sugar and
rum for local use.
FAMOUS LOUISE MICHEL
She Is Soon to Expound Her
Fiery Doctrines in This
City.
REGARDED AS AN ECCENTRIC.
The French Colony Prepared to
Receive the Celebrated Woman,
but That's All.
The prospective arrival of Louise Michel
in this City is not exciting the French
colony to any alarming degree, excepting
in the sense of pleasurable anticipation.
Those of the colony with employment
around and in the markets contemplate
the advent of the famous "petroleuse"
with the satisfactory knowledge that they
will be able to listen to her fine oratory
without overtaxing their purses. As to
the others, they will patronize their coun
trywoman as they would Sarah Bernhardt,
Coquelin or Jane Hading.
"The absence of hot-headed Frenchmen
at this time — men who love to incite riot,"
stated Editor Chaigneau of the Franco-
Californien, "has much to do with the
quiet situation. The Frenchmen of this
City and State have greatly entered into
the spirit of Americanism as it has been
taught them in their adopted country, and
they have little use for firebrands, bombs
or nmirchi.Us.
"I do not believe there is more tban one
Frenchman in this city with ideas any
way socialistic, and he is mild— very mild,
in fact — with a strong preference that all
differences between factions be settled
through the ballot-box. I am alluding to
E. J. Dupuy, chief editor of the weekly
called Le Relevement."
The ideas expressed by Mr. Chaigneau
are shared by the most prominent mem
bers of the French colony. Such men as
Raphael Weill, M. Goustiaux, E. Dubedat,
M. Julien, M. Pizoli, J. Bergez and scores
of others are anxious to see and hear
Louise Michel, who stands pre-eminent to
day among the women of France who have
contributed toward making history.
The Cercle Francais. although only a so
cial organization, will welcome Louise
Michel. She is the most important visitor
who has come to this country from France
in many years, but the reception will not
partake of a political or socialistic nature,
but will be purely a welcome to the woman
who was greeted by Clemenceau, Henri
Rochefort and Louis Blanc upon her re
turn to France in 1880 from Noumea with
other pardoned prisoners of la Commune.
There is no likelihood that Louise
Michel's visit will cause a split in the
French colony such as occurred after the
arrival of Gori among the Italian resi
dents. She is coming here not to work up
a feeling of unrest, but to make money
for a charitable purpose.
There is no questioning the fact that the
woman stands alone and pre-eminent
among the party leaders of the world. She
is about 63 years of age, and, as a very
small girl, started in life as a school
teacher. At the close of the French em
pire she embraced politics, and during the
Franco-Pruasian war she donned a uni
form and was wounded at the taking of
Fort Issy.
When the riots of the Commune broke
out after the siege of Paris. Louise Michel
was one of the leaders wifh the torch and
petroleum. On the 16th day of December,
1871, she was in custody and was tried,
Sbe refused to defend herself, saying : 'I
belong entirely to the revolution and I
am proud of having set fire to Paris. All
I wanted to do was to start a barrier of
flames to offset the invaders."
The woman captured the hearts of the
populace by her impudence before the
judges.
"You are cowards," she cried. "If not,
you will condemn me to death, not to the
penitentiary."
She was sent to New Caledonia for a
term of six years. Some steps were taken
in 1872 to have her pardoned, but she
wrote to the President protesting against
any leniency in her case, and stating she
did not propose to return unless all the
other prisoners were pardoned as well.
It was during her incarceration at
Noumea that she wrote "Le Livre dv Jour
de lAn," a volume for children, one of the
most popular story-books iv French litera
ture.
In March, 1883, Louise Michel headed
the populace of Paris in what were known
as the "bread riots," when her speech ad
vising her followers to drown the members
of the Government caused her to be ar
rested and sent to jail. In 1886, at Havre,
she was shot and severely wounded by
another crank named Lucas. The latter
while in jail appealed to the woman for
mercy, and she secured his liberty.
This wonderful French woman has
written a number of interesting booKs,
among which may be mentioned "La
Misere," "Les Meprises," "La Fille dv
Peuple," "L« Batard Imperial," "Les
Microbes Humains," "Le Monde Nou
veau," and a play entitled "Le Cog
Rouge." All of these are congested witu
ncr anarchistic personality and ideas.
Her mission to America is to make
money for the purpose of establishing a
home m London for ancient and un
fortunate socialists.
ANXIOUS TO BUY STAMPS.
Collectors Preparing a Petition
to Be Forwarded to
Washington.
Labels That the Government Jealously
Guards From the General
Public.
One of the rules of the Postoffice Depart
ment that has always been incomprehen
sible to the intelligent stamp collector is
that which absolutely forbids the sale of
what are designated as newspaper or peri
odical stamps and postage-due stamps to
the public at large.
The newspaper stamps are never, in fact,
sold to anybody, but are simply affixed to.
the voucher showing the payment of post
age by a daily or periodical publication
and then canceled. The postage-aue
stamps are put on letters that have been
inadequately prepaid to show the amount
of the shortage which is collected from the
addressee.
Bat despite the strict rule of the depart
ment against their sale in the ordinary
way large numbers of these labels find
their way into the albums of collectors.
A favorite way has been for some schem
ing collector to note the appointment of a
new postmaster in his neighborhood and
to make purchases of the proscribed stamps
before the postmaster has properly famil
iarized himself with the rules.
Tne higher values of the newspaper
stamps are, however, not obtainable in
this manner, as only the very largest post
offices keep them on hand. These reach
the hands of collectors in a no less objec
tionable manner.
It is the cusiom for each country on the
issuing of a new stamp or series of stamps
to send 700 sets to the headquarters of the
Postal Union at Berne, Switzerland, for
distribution to the Postal Union countries
that they may Know that these stamps are
properly in use, each country being en
titled to at least two Beta. Gilts of sets are
also sometimes made to high diplomats as
a special favor.
The face value of the set of newspaper
stamps that has just Deen superseded by
a new set is something over $200, and that
of the new set is very near that amount.
Owing to the impossibility of buying the
complete set in the regular way at a post
office many of the stamps are quoted in
tne philatelic market at considerable over
their face value, even when current. And
it is known that this state of affairs has in
many instances tempted the attaches of
foreign postoflices or of legations to dis
pose of these stamps to dealers or col
lectors.
This irregular practice meets with the
strong disapproval of the best members of
the philatelic fraternity, and a movement
has recently been started by the philatelic
societies of the United States to induce
the Poßtoffice Department to put these
stamps on sale at all postoffices, so as to
do away with all temptation to sharp
practice on the part of collectors. It is
claimed that no possible reason exists why
these stamps should not be sold to the
general public, as no injury can result to
the Government. It is argued on the con
trary that the revenue of the department
would be largely augmented by the de
sired innovation, as many collectors would
be only too glad to avail themselves of tbe
opportunity to add these handsome labels
to tneir collections.
The movement was started by the Chi
cago Philatelic Society, of which Post
master Hesing of that city is a member,
and Mr. Hesing's name heads the petition
that will be presented to the Postmaster-
General on this subject. He will also
write a letter to accompany the memorial
to Washington, and which is expected to
carry much weight.
One of the largest purchases recently
made of stamps was of a collection of Ger
man stamps by Charles J. Phillips of Lon
don. It is said to be practically complete.
The purchase price was £6000, or fiO.UOO.
This gentleman is also reported to have
sold an unused copy of what is known as
the 4d error wood block of the Cape of
Good Hope for £500, or nearly $2500. This
is the second highest price ever paid for a
stamp, the highest having been recorded
by a St. Louis firm, about six months ago,
in the sale of two copies of the 20-cent
postmaster's stamp of St. Louis for an even
$5000.
One of the serious evils that stamp
collectors have to contend with is the
manufacture of counterfeits of the rarer
stamps, the laws on the point Deing at
present ineffective. Relief is promised,
However, from the next session of the
members of the Postal Union, which is to
take place in Washington. It is said that
the members are arranging to make a law
regarding the forging of postage-stamps
more stringent than it it at present in all
the countries within the union. Where
there is no such law at present, as in
Austria»Hungary, Spain. Siam and Vic
toria, it is intended to introduce the neces
sary measures.
NEW TO-DAT.
Every package of this popular dentifrice contains:
A large bottle of liquid Sozodont. •• A box of Sozodont Powder.
' A sample cake of Sozoderma Soap, for the skin.
■B vi^ A w w A w Ww n
MfBHQ W flB mm MK¥KmU m a M in
hHHHEvv W IV Ww m U 4H
. ■ M^~^m M Mm Mf mSk
Use liquid Sozodont dally; the powder twice a week. A small sample of the liquid by mail,' if yon men-
tion the San Francisco Cam. Address the Proprietofs of Sozodont, Kali, & Rcckkl, New York.
hB H HP* Ih b^^^Bi HA
PLUG
"The largest piece ol
Good tobacco
ever sold for jo cents
v^^^^^^i Choice Bulbs and Plants.
Jff^^Sg^Sl^y^yV We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants
fSßSwH^SjKjSjf^ Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
ftra^M SMC^—^\H»t. B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
SiafCJ jPßmflM^i C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c _"7 J
9KkAM9RSIS D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
MBVNI SIRV^IISam r E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc FOR
fKOC. TRIAL SETS
Choice Bulbs and Plants.
We prepay the postage and guarantee safe delivery of the Plants
Set A— 3 Beautiful Palms, 3 sorts, strong plants 50c
B— lo Lovely Carnations, 10 sorts 50c Any
C— lo Prize-winning Chrysanthemums, 10 sorts 50c "" J
D— s Superb double Petunias, 5 kinds 50c 3 Sets
E— s Grand large-flowered Geraniums, 5 kinds..soc FOR
U— lo Elegant everblooming Roses, 10 kinds 50c ffil 9R
NjJM»HEflßW\sSJ»\iwll*' K— lo Flowering Plants, viz: 1 Fuchsia, 1 Heliotrope, 9 I =*!?
\^>a*- >^ ■ 1 Manettia Vine, 1 Carnation, 1 Geranium, or
1 01411 ™' x Petunia, 1 Abutilon, 1 Hydran- 5 Sets
; I- - ."\ ' • YjUMjip ■ gea, 1 Chrysanthemum 50c
HVWi^- '1 1 UlolAt ninnln m 3 plants "New ■Calif. Violet, -.I°*-.
12 Violet Plants, 50c. * b%^j^ e * $2^
SfcSiZW Sa Can/1 -frit* nut* Illustrated Catalogue. It contains a
<^K!HH DcnU lUr OUT complete list of our Flower, Vegeta-
I^Wi'i'H H ble, Grass, Clover, Tree and Shrub Seeds, Fruit Trees and Small
Fruits; our latest importations from Germany, France, England,
: Australia and Japan; all the Latest Novelties in Flower and Vege-
table Seeds. . AAV SEE p A||D pLANT '. Q Ouf San Francisco -
.-,. v»MJL «bcV ANDrbANT vvi; wan rraIiCISCO
1 " -*-x 411* 413 Sansome Street
PEDDLERS AS BURGLARS.
The Residence of Mrs. Miller, on
O'Farrell Street, Broken
Into.
Every Bedroom Ransacked and Sev«
eral Hundred Dollars' Worth of
Jewelry Stolen.
The residence of Mrs. Miller, 715 a O'Far
rell street, was entered by burglars yester
day morning and several hundred dollars'
worth of jewelry was stolen.
Mrs. Miller and her two daughters
locked up the house at 10 o'clock yester
day morning and went to church. They
returned between 12 and 1 o'clock, and to
their surprise they foiiDd the rear door
open.
They suspected something wns wrong,
and when they went upstairs their worst
fears were realized. They always took the
precaution to lock all the doors inside the
house when they went out and every bed
room door was found open. Contents of
bureau drawers were scattere d about the
floors and every place had been searched
for money or jewelry.
A tin box in one of the bedrooms con
taining $50 in Coin and a quantity of jew
elry had been pried open, but neither the
money nor jewelry was taken, which led
to the belief that just at the time the
burglars had been scared away.
An examination showed that the rear
door and all the bedroom doors had been
iorced open with a "jimmy," the marks
being plainly visible.
Mrs. Miller at once notified police bead
buarters of the Durglary and Detectives
Bee and Harper were detailed on the case.
Most of the recent daylight burglaries in
the Western Addition have been attributed
to peddlers, and two of them were seen in
the locality of Mrs. Miller's residence yes
terday morning and it was noticed that
they did not have a wagon with them.
Their mode of operations is to go around
with a potato or two in their hands. If the
potatoes are wanted at the house the ped
dler does not return. When there is no
answer to the doorbell one stands on the
lookout in front while the other goes to the
rear with a "jimmy" and breaks into the
house.
Five peddlers in the Mission were ar
rested on suspicion of being burglars
ten days ago, and after being detained
two or three days were released, as no one
could positively identify them.
1718
p^-. p^HE engagement of Walter Hobart
| and Miss Hannah Williams was
\ the sole topic of interest in society
JJL circles during the past week.
Every crumb of information
that could be obtained in regard to the
happy young couple was seized with avid
ity and eagerly descanted upon.
Certain it is that never was there a more
delightful gallant than Walter Hobart and
equally certain that there never has been a
more popular and charming belle than
Miss Williams.
The past season— Miss Williams'
first in society — was for tbe handsome
debutante a succession of triumphs. So
cial attentions were lavished upon her.
Her rooms were filied with flowers, and at
her first cotillon no less than eighteen
young gentlemen stood in line waiting to
bid her good-night.
But ail these attentions have not turned
her beautiful bead even the slightest bit,
and friends, acquaintances, and rivals,
alike have but kind things to say of her.
Although nothing authentic has yet
been given out in regard to the wedding,
those in a position to know state it will
probably be a very quiet affair. Miss Wil
liams' mother has for many years been a
confirmed invalid, ana the excitement con
sequent upon an elaborate wedding would
be more than she could bear. The bride's
sister, Miss Juliet Williams, will be maid
of honor, Miss Hobart and Miss Mcßean
the bridesmaids. Mr. Hobart has asked
harry Stetson to be his best man.
Speculation is rife concerning the en
gagement ring. Again those in a position
to state declare it will probably oe^the
celebrated Hobarc ruby.
When the Hobart jewels were divided
among the heirs this ruby fell to Walter
Hobart's share. Mrs. Hobart set great
store by tiiat stone, which is said to be one
of the finest and largest rubies in the
world and is valued at $7000.
Young Hobart makes an ideal nance.
The notes he has sent out in answer to the
thousands of congratulations that have
poured in on him testify to his great hap
piness. He fully appreciates the many
gifts of the young beauty he has won and
writes: "Her beauty is the least of her
many charms."
An interesting engagement to announce
is that of Mrs. K. B. Faver and Harry
Babcock, both of this City. Mrs. Faver is
a sister of Mrs. Lawrence Pool. Mr. Bab
cock is the son of the late William Bab
cock and brother of Mrs. Charles B. Brig
ham, Mrs. George Storey and "William
Babcock. The date of the wedding has
not yet been set.
Mrs. Osgood Hooker (nee Goad) has
been entertaining in a very quiet way
some of her most intimate friends at her
lovely place at Sausalito.
Those who have been fortunate enough
to be the guests of the youne bride are
enthusiastic about the beauty of her sub
urban cottage and the rare taste with
which it is furnished.
Many of the elegant wedding presents
have been brought over to embellish the
lovely home.
Mr. and Mrs. Burt Holiaday (nee Hunt
inEton) are expected in about a fortnight,
and a large number of entertainments in
their honor are already beine "planned.
The young couple wiil make their home
with Mr. Holladay's parents at "Holladay
Heights," corner of Clay and Octavia
streets. * '
The friends of the Prince and Princess
Hatzfeldt have been apprised of the fact
that they nave taken a handsome English
country estate, adjoining that of Sir
Bache and Lady Cunard (nee Burke). The
prince and princess have been for the past
two months the guests of Lady Cunard
and so charmed were they with the sur
roundings and the hunting and shooting
that they secured the neighboring «eat.
Some idea of the immensity of the estate
may be gleaned from the fact that it re
quires a retinue of thirty servants and
there is a stable of forty horses.
The Hatzfeidts are to have large house
parties during the hunting season next
fall and it is rumored that some of their
California friends will be asked to join
them.
At the Presidio there have been a num
ber of changes that have brightened up a
bit the dull Lenten monotony. Dr. Girard,
who has been ordered to Jefferson Bar
racks, near St. Louis, wiil be relieved by
Dr. Wood ana Dr. Edee. Dr. Kdee is a pop
ular man in Washington society and both
he and Dr. Wood are bachelors.
Lieutenant fie mining of Kentucky
(Fifth Artillery) has been ordered to
Washington, a position he has secured
through the influence of iiia father, auditor
of the United States Senate. Lieutenant
Flemining will be a distinct loss to army
circles in this City. Young, handsome
and accomplished, he was one of the most
popular officers at the Presidio.
Ibere are to be quite a number of fash
ionable weddings during the month. On
the llth ihe wedding of Miss Stella Greene
b.iUDi and Mr. Simcn will be celebrated.
The m:(rriu r e of Miss Carrie Heller and I.
Fleishman is Bet for the 19th, and will
take place at the residence of the bride's
parents, corner of Franklin and California
streets. On the 2ith Misa Ruoy Lov.en
berg and A. A. Brown will be married at
the Palace Hotel, and on the 25th Miss
Jennie Schwabacher and A. Rosenbauru
will be married at the residence of the
SOCIETY
bride's parents, corner of Jackson and
Octavia streets.
On Monday evening Miss Minnie Schwa
bacher gave a delightful theater party
complimentary to her cousin, Miss Jennie
Schwabacher, and her fiance, Mr. Kosen
bauni. The party occupied four boxes at
the Columbia and after the play went to
the Maison Kicbe for supper.
The supper tables were elaborately deco
rated with American Beauty roses and
smilax and an elaborate menu was dis
cussed. Among those present were: The
Misses Minnie and Jennie Schwabacher,
Miss Ajjnes Brandenstein, Jesse Triest,
Charles Rosen baum, Henry Brandenstein,
Louis Schwabacher, Mrs. Olga Triest, Leo
Schwabacher, Misa May Scblessinger, Mias
Minnie Lewis, Miss Bloch, Miss Jean
Roth, Max Blum, Al Erbman, Mr. Good
man, Miss Minnie Fechheimer, Mr. Gold
smith.
Mr. and Mrs. Louis Schwabacher gave an
elaborate reception last evening at their
home, 1820 Clay street, complimentary to
Mrs. Heilman, Mrs. Stern and Mrs. Haas,
who leave shortly for Europe.
The parlors were elaborately decorated
and there were music, dancing and a de
licious supper.
ENGAGEMENTS.
Elaborate Preparations for a Number of Spring
Weddings.
The wedding of Douglas B. Crane of the Oc
cidental and Oriental Steamship Company and
-Miss Georgia M. Wightman, daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. Jonn Wightman Jr., will take place
In St. Stephen's Episcopal Church on Fulton
street at noon to-morrow.
The engagement is announced of Miss Flora
Lemle and#Max Sommer. The young couple
, will receive on Sunday, March 15, at 1320 Oc
i tavia street.
The engagement of Miss Hattie Fenster, |
niece ol Mrs. Julius Heyman, to Joseph Horn
isjinuoun.-ed. They will receive on .Sunday,
March 8, at 2412 Post street, near Brodenck,
between 2 and 5 p. m.
The engagement is announced of Harry G.
Gray of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, Oakland, and Miss Georgia Bennington
of this City.
The engagement is announced of Max Som
mer to Miss Flora Lemle. Reception Sunday,
March 15, at 1322 Octavia street.
The engagement is announced of Miss Susie
Meyer end Carl Goldberg of this City. They
will be pleased to see their friends Sunday
afternoon, March 15, from 2 to G o'clock, at
1317 Golden Gate avenue.
The engagement is unnouneed ol Miss Stella
Breyfogle, daughter of Mrs. Olivia Breyfoglo
and the late Charles "Wesley Breyfogle of San
.lose, and Morton McDonald of Columbus, Ohio.
The wedding will take place April 15, and will
be a quiet family affair.
A WEDDING.
The Msrtin-Liebes Marriage Celebrated on
Sunday Last.
The wedding of Mrs. Bophie Martin and
Julian Liebes was celebrated at noon Sunday
at the bride's residence, 1105 Franklin street.
The groom is a member of the firm of 11. Liebes
& Co., the furriers, and the third son of Her
man Liebes. The bride is the daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. J. D. Martin. The ceremony was per
formed by the Rev. Mr. Nieto. The maid of
honor was Miss Jeffreys Martin and the brides
maids Miss Elsie Liebes ana Miss Beckie Mar
tin. M. J. Lyon officiated as best man. The
gowns of the bride and ladies of the bridal
party were beautiful. That of the bride was an
elegant gray satin, trimmed with chiffon and
lace. At the conclusion of the ceremony an
elaborate breakfast was served, and in the
afternoon Mr. and Mrs. Liebea left for the
I south. They will visit the Water Carnival at
I San Diego and then return to this City for a
I few dayß. They will then start for the Eastern
i States and Europe, where a tour of a year's
duration will be made, and a trip around the
world will probably conclude the journey.
CLUB ENTEETAIJfMEKTS.
Tbe McXenzi* Mnsicale and the Olympic
Leap-Year Party.
The members of the McKenzie Musical So
ciety held the second of a series of soirees, m u
sicales and hops on Tuesday evening at Union,
sauare Hall. The affair was a most enjoyable
success.
The following Mas the evening's programme:
Overture (selected), W. V. Piise's Orchestra;
romance for tenor, "Mignon" (Thomas), Mons.
F. Baumgartner: piano solo, "Tannhauser"
; (Wagner-Liszt}, Roscoe Warren Lucy; (a) sex
tet and chorus, "Lucia" (Donizetti), Miss Mio
nie Powell, Miss Kitty Kelly, John Braid, A.
H. Littlewood, F. A. Griffing, Lyman Stiles and
McKenzie Musical Society; (6) "Love Will Like
a Wild Birdling Fly," "Carmen" (Bizet), Miss
Minnie Powell and McKensie Musical Society;
(a) quintet and chorus, "Martha" (FJotow),
Miss Etta La Chapolle, Mrs. J. Iko, Mr. Charles
Lelong, Mr. John Sale and Mr. Frank Bron
son; (6) waltz, "Like a Bird" (arranged by J.
W. McKenzie), McKenzie Musical Society; (a)
I "For All Eternity" (Mascheroni): (6) "My Own
Dearest Boy," first time (J. W. McKenzie;, Mr.
J. P. Grodiens; comic selection (selected), Mr.
[ Richard I. Whelan; (a) Goodnight Quartet,
"Martha" (Flotow), Miss Vinnie Greenlaw, Mrs.
! G. Muhlner. Mr. Charles Lelong and Mr. J. P.
! Grodj«ns; (6) "Soldiers 3oid." by general re
quest (arranged by J. W. McKenzie, from Sou
sa'd Manhattan Beach March), McKenzie Mu
ical Society (accompanied by Piise's Orchestra).
The entertainment concluded with a dance.
The San Francisco Church Extension Society
held it* ninth annual tea on Thursday after
noon at the Simpson Memorial Methodist Epis
copal Church, corner of Hayes and Buchanan
streets.
I he members of the Olympia Club gave a very
enjoyable leap-year party at their clubrooms,
30 Erie street, on Saturday evening, February
29. Among those who attended were the Misses
Lillic MacKinnon, Elsie Young, Adel Btschoff,
Tillie Lulimenseu, Ida Knell. Nellie Prende
gast, £llu O'Connor, Abble Cook, Nellie O'Mara,
Kitty Barrett, Lulu Murphy, Miss Grimmengcr,
Lizzie Theissen, Maggie Lynch, Annie Barry,
.losie McCarthy, Maggie McDonald, Lottise
Kretz, Maggie Culllgan, and the following
members: Charles Boutin, H. Holters,
Charles Child, E. P. Thornton, A. Burke,
R. Butler, J. Campbell, H. P. Collins,
E. A. Rirsac, E. Houston, L. Houston,
O. Heitler, 11. Cobb. J. Grimmenger, W. Mil
ler, D. Crawford, T. Steen.T. Brvne, C. Ducker,
B. Peine, H. Uiliuore and Mr. James. A very
enjoyable time was spent by all present until
the small hours of the morning.
TEEATEE_PABTIEB.
Society Gives Borne of Its Attention to the
Play.
A very pleasant theater party was enjoyed by
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1596.
a party of young folks at the Columbia Theater
last week. " Among those present were: Misses
A. Baker, F. Soatena, T. Cooney, K. Gadsby, J.
O'Neal, C. Ener, J. A. O'Xeil, F. Maguire;
Messrs. Fitzpa trick, G. Fox, J. Campodonico, F.
Burke, A. 11. Grannini. G Thompson, W. Mead,
J. F. Sullivan.
Misses Alice James, May James, Nora Coul
ter: Charles F. Ratto, II. "H. Boarman and Ar
thur Ford composed a party attending the
Paderewski-Marsick recital at the Baldwin on
Sunday evening. After the concert the party
partook of a supper at the Maison Riche.
SUSPEISE PARTIES.
A Number of Enjoyable Leap-Year Surprises
During the Week.
A very pleasant surprise party was given to
Miss Ella A. Reed at ncr residence, 2422 Mis
sion street, on Monday eveninp, March 2. The
following were present: Mrs. ilabel Kennedy,
Miss Agnes B. Willejr, Miss Emma Salter, Miss
Ethel Murphy, Miss Nellie Kingsbury, Miss
Lilibel Ettinsr, Miss Mabel Etting, Miss Erne
Chambers, Miss Maud Phillips, Miss Ella A.
Reed, \V. R. Chambers, A. A. Reed, Monroe
Callender, George Golder, Ralph Whitley,
Georpe Post. M. Post, Ernest Whirle, Charles
Etting, Leslie Collom, Hoy Ray, Mr. and Mrs.
Chambers, Mrs. S. C. Gorhani and several
others.
Mr. and Mrs. Stelling were tendered a very
enjoyable surprise party at their residence,
425 Geary street, last Thursday evening, by
the Lyra Zither Club, in honor of their recent
marriage.
Musical selections were rendered by the
club and dancing was indulged in until
10:15 o'clock, when all repaired to a well
known rotisserie, where a sumptuous repast
vas partaken of, and after a toast by the
president of the club, W. K. West, and music
by the club, all parted for their respective
horae?, having enjoyed themselves in a most
delightful manner.
The following were present: Mr. and Mrs.
Stelling, Mr. Satke, L. Becker, Mrs. Pleiu, Mrs.
Goebel, Mrs. Dreyselius, Miss A. Adams, Miss
M. Taufenback, W. E. West, C. J. Annbruster,
R. H. Armbruster, C. Bensen, George Benseu,
J. W. Stutz, George Goette and H. Hansen.
A leap-year souvenir surprise party was
given to Mis-sGoldie Zucker on Sunday even
ing, March 1, at her residence, 437 Eddy street,
by the Pentonia Club in honor of her birthday.
Mrs. Lubosch and Bessie Borren assisted lv re
ceiving the guests. Among those present
were: Mrs. Charles Franks, Meyer Anthony,
the Misses Frances and Tillie Friedlauder, d.
Freed. E. stamper, Gertie and Budie Rosenthal,
L. Brainer, George Fowzer, Louia Auker.
Morris Rosenberg of Portland, Phoebe Lach
man, Mrs. Anderson, Mary Goldberg of Oak
land, Carrie ghebena, May and Viola
Franks, Miss Bophie Goldring, Miss Cohn,
the Misses Mildred and Sadie Blum,
Melville Lubosch, C. Goldberg, D. Michaels, J.
Anthony, Mr. and Mrs. S. Zucker, Mannie Pey
ser, Ike Hassen, 11. Stark, Dan Lewis, Charley
Claussen, Goldle Zucker, Henry Lewald,
Mr. Hopkins, Mr. and Mrs. Carlonett,
Miss Sarah Lubosch, Mr. Gordon, Mr.
Schneider, Mr. Sullivan, Mr. Hertz, Miss Bes
sie Borren, Mr. Shebena, Dr. Nessbanm, Miss
Etta Sisenvine, Ray Boas, Mr. and Mrs, West,
Dore Harris, Fishel Zucker, Mr. Goldstein, Miss
Mary A brains.
A very pleasant surprise wa9 given Ralph
Meyer in honor of his birthday, at bis resi
dence, 2229 Geary street. The evening was
pleasantly 6pent in music, recitation, games
ana dancing. About IS o'clock the guents
partook of a delicious supper.
A very pleasant surprise party was tendered
George W. Dettner Thursday, February 20, at
his residence, 1489 Twenty-third street, the
occasion being tiie anniversary of his birth.
The parlors were handsomely decorated with
palms and ferns. The evening was devoted to
both vocal and instrumental music, and at
midnight a dainty repast was served, J. W.
Bird officiating as toastinaster.
The following were present: Mr. and Mrs.
G. VV. Dettner. Mr. and Mrs. J.W. Bird. Mr. and
Mrs. E. H. Dettner, Mrs. G. Dettner, Mrs. F.
Meaney, Mi«s Mary Meaney, Miss Katie Dett
uer, Miss Sarah Meaney, Miss Maggie Meaney,
Mrs. Nail Mulcahy. Miss Cassie Meaney,
and Messrs. Aloert Dettner, Gus Nahl, E. M.
Miller, Ted Dvttner and Carl Bennett.
WATEB PASTIES.
Charming Party on Board the Colombo—Bi
anchi Yacht Party.
Count Arrivabene entertained on board the
R. N. Colombo Saturday afternoon last Mr.
and Mrs. A. Sbarboro, Misa Aida Sbarboro, Misa
Alvia Cousins, Miss Lotta Musto, Alfred E.
Sbarboro, Professor Seregni.
On Sunday last, Match 1, Mr. and Mrs. E.
Bianchi Jr. invited a party of ladies and gen
tlemen on board of the launch Amy, Peterson
captain. After steaming to all the principal
points of Interest in the harbor the whole party
repaired to an uptown rotisserie, where an im
promptu repast was had.
HOME ENTEBTAINMENTB.
Beception3, Dinners and Dances of the Past
Week.
Mr. and Mrs. H. G. Pieberst gave a dinner
party and reception last Wednesday evening
at their home, 2 Liberty street, in honor of
Frank H. Belcher, the popular barytone.
Mrs. Allen, Mrs. Bruce and Mrs. Franey en
tertained a large number of friends at their
residence, 29 Freelon street, Saturday evening
last. Singing, dancing and gamee kept up till
an early hour in the morning, during which
the orchestra rendered beautiful music.
Those present were: Miss G. Allen, Miss L.
O'Hair, Miss L. O'Toole, Miss M. Mathieson,
MissM. O'Toole, Miss K. Kohler, Miss A. Kern,
Mrs. Bruce, Mrs. E. A. Allen, Mrs. J. 11. O'Hair,
Mrs. A. R. Allen, Mre. B. Lausten, Mrs. Franey,
Mrs. K. Slaven, Mrs. K. O'Hair, Mrs. Mathieson,
Mrs. W. O'Hair; Messrs. George W. Atkins, Ray
Allen, Hene A, Dumont, H. G. Klung, A. K. Al
len, H. Lausten, W. Bruce, E. A. Allen, YV. G.
Mutz, J. R. Cook, George Allen, D. O'Hair, B.
Lausten, W. Franey, Mr. Wright, F. Franey, C.
O'Hair, M. Mathieson, P. E. O'Hair, E. P.
O'Hair, B. Rice, Charles Baab, W. O'Hair, J.
O'Hair, H. Mathieson.
A pleasant evening was spent on Satur
day last by some hundred and fifty young
people in dancing and feasting in Crystal
Hall, Pythian Castle.
The occasion was a complimentary party
tendered by Miss Juanita Castillar and Miss
Emma Niles to their classmates of the Poly
technic High School. Tom Magner, assisted
by F. Moss", ably managed the floor, so that
none who cared to dance wanted for a partner.
About 11 o'clock a march was formed and the
merry guests filed into the banquet hall, where
Mrs. Castillar and Mrs. Niles had provided
bountifully, taking the precaution of provid
ing a number of assistants, so the hungry
euests were quickly served. The hall was
beautifully decorated with flowers and pale
blue and pink streamers offset by hanging
Japanese bric-a-brac.
The eighteenth birthday anniversary of Miss
Minnie Schilling was celebrated Wednesday
evening at the home of Mrs. A. M. Schilling,
1427 Steiner street. Nearly 100 friends of the
young lady were present to assist in making
the evening an enjoyable one.
The Amateur Dramatic Company produced
"An Obstinate Family." The farce was well
produced, all tbe participants sharing in the
applause. "Reuben and Cynthia," Dy Fred
Paulsen and Mrs. H. M. Wolf, provoked consid
erable merriment. At midnight an elaborate
repast was served.
Those present were: Mr. and Mrs. Algeltin
ger, Miss Sophie Aigeltinger, Miss R. Bau
inann, Carl ttaumaun, Mrs. A. M. Schilling,
Mr. and Mrs. Ed Aigeltinger, Miss Pauline
Schilling, Mr. and Mrs. w. G. Wreden, Charles
Schilling. Miss Minnie Schilling, Mr. and Mrs.
J. Hilpisch, Mr. and Mrs. O. Johnson, Mr. and
Mrs. H. M. Wo'.f, Mr. and Mrs. J. R. McLean,
Mr. and Mrs. Bucholtz, Mr. and Mrs. H. Paul
sen, Mr. and Mrs. Claus Wredeo. Mr. and Mrs.
F.\een, Mr. and Mrs. F. Witzel, Mrs. Henschen,
Mrs. C. Munder, Mr. and Mrs. Ca.sseims.nn,
Mr. and Mrs. L. Bendel, Professor £. Rosen
dorn, Mr. and Mrs. B. Sammann, Mr. and Mrs.
J. M. Cdhn, Mr. and Mrs. Uieske, Mr. and Mrs.
Leonhardt, the Misses M. and E. Plaeeinann, E.
and T. Cased. E. and M.Tidemanu, E. Paulsen,
E. Conradt, T. and A. Seifke, K. Kruckel, T.
Meyer, D. Henschen^C. Hock, Messrs. H. Hol
llng, T. Weitzinant, G. H. Schumann, E. and B.
Schwartze, H. and F. Paulsen, F. Miller, J.
Moss, H. Ascher, W. Spiegel, J. Hilpisch, G. and
R. Dyer, G. and F. Meyer, G. Chrismann, H.
llock, F. Minzenmaier uod Meyer Cohen.
On Saturday evening, February 22, Miss
Anna Howard gave a delightful house warm
ing at her elegant residence on Masonic
avenue. The large parlors and music-room
were canvased for dancing, which was
kept up until an early hour. Those
present were: Miss M. Boyle, Misi Nell
Casey, Miss Dollie Wyants, Miss E. Wright,
Miss Kittie Wright, Miss Maud Casey,
Miss Mac Cole, Miss Kitty Morrison, Miss Sarah
Roston, Miss Sharpe, Miss B. Simpson, Miss
Ada Kelly, Miss Josie Alexander, Miss Hughes.
Miss M. Taylor, Miss Tessie Armstrong, Miss
Annie Armstrong, Miss Maud Barclay, Mrs.
Simpson, Mrs. Cole. Mrs. Roston, Miss Mab
Sawyer, Mrs. Morrison, Miss 8. Mills, and
Messrs. Charles Wvants, Bert Mahoney, C.
Morrison, Dr. Ames.'E Bennett, W. Alexander,
George Lewis, W. Adams, C. Cole, George
Wright, J. Carroll, H. Knight. R.Murray, F.
Fields, 8. Graham, G.Taylor, W. Armstrong,!,.
Baily, W. Simpson. E. Tildsn, G. Coot, J. Wil
son, I. Mills, J. Turner.
Iff THE FUTUEE.
A Nnmber of Fashionable o!ab Entertain
ment;! Annonnced.
The proposed exhibition of Oriental rugs.em
broideries and curios for which arrangements
are being made by Mrs. Irving M. Scott, presi
dent of the Sorosis Club, promises to be one of
the finest and most valuable exhibits ever giv
en in this City. It will take place on Wednes
day, March 18, at the clubrooms, 424 Pine
street.
At a meeting of Niantic Parlor No. 105, N. S.
G. W., held Tuesday evening, the following
committee was appointed to maka arrange
ments for its anniversary party, which is to
take place at Native Sons' Hall, on Mason
street, Thursday evening, April 9: William
A. O'Leary (chairman), .1. F. Eggert, M. E. Car
roll, Thomas Sloan, Fred Kauimann and
Thomas J. Bridger. Admission is to be by in
vitation only.
The Empire Dramatic Club will give its
twenty-second entertainment and grand ball
at California Hall on Friday evening, March
24, on which occasion will be presented the
great comedy-arama entitled "Friends." The
best-known talent in the City has been pro
cured to present this production.
Bay City Parlor will celebrate its anniver
sary with a "Tainale Party" in the banquet
room of the new Native Sons' Hall on Monday
evening, April 13, 1896. A programme will
be rendered to suit the most fastidious and the
committee promises an inexhaustible supply of
tamales.
Social Council No. 46, Order of Chosen
Friends, have issued invitations for an enter
tainment and social Thursday evening, March
12, at Washington Hall, Red Men's building,
320 Post street.
Olympia Circle 141, C. O. F., will give a
leap-year party next Saturday evening, Febru
ary 18, in Social Hall, 102 O'FarreU street.
Many new features will be introduced and no
pains spared to make the party a grand suc
cess.
PERSONALS.
Dr. Middleton, U. 9. A., and Mrs. Middloton,
who have been passing the month at the Riche
lieu, have left for a short visit to Salt Lake
City.
Miss Jennie Catherwood has left for Coro
nado. where she will spend two months with
her aunt, Mrs. Jerome, who has taken a cot
tage there.
Mr. and Mrs. Cutler Paige have gone to San
Jose for a^hort visit.
Mr. and Mrs. W. D. O'Kane, who have been
passing the winter at the Richelieu, have gone
to San Rafael for a two months'visit.
Irving Ballard and his daughter, Mrs. James
Welch, and her family are stopping a month at
the B«rkshire previous to leaving for New
York, where they expect to permanently reside.
The home of Mr. and Mrs. Charles Fox Tay
has been brightened by the advent o£ a
daughter.
The Mlssei Mary and Louise Harrington are
spending a few weeks at Coronado.
Miss Short, Susan B. Anthony's f-ecretary, ar
rived from the East on Friday, and is a guest
at tho Berkshire.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles H. Lux of San Jose will
shortly take up their permanent residence in
this City.
Mr. and Mrs. Daniel Roth, accompanied by
the lr daughters, the Misses Jennie and Renee
Roth, and their son Lester, leave about March
-'< for au extended trip abroad.
Mrs. Bertha Sonnenberg has returned af'er
one year's visit to New York, and is located at
the Berkshire.
Mrs. E. E. C&swell has returned from her
Eastern trip.
Mrs. Martin Sachs, Miss Hattie and Miss Car
rie Sachs and Edgar Sachs will leave March 14
for a European trip.
Mr. and Mrs. George D. Graham have re
turned from their southern trip.
Miss Louise Meyer of Saeramanto is visiting
friends at 1232 Post street.
Leo Schwabacher of Seattle is in town on a
visit to his parents, Mr. and Mrs. Sig Schwa
bacher.
Charles F. Lntgen is recovering from tho
serious attack of nervousness, of which he has
suffered for the last six weeks in consequence
of overwork.
Mr 6. J. M. Jacobi (nee Altmeyer) will be at
home to her friends on Saturday, March 14, at
824 Turk street.
Dr. Luella Cool, who recently returned to
Guatemala City, will go to Qnezaltenango,
Guatemala, to take charge of the practice of
the American dentiFt, Dr. Nye, who recently
died of the fever. Mrs. Cool will be the only,
dentist in that part of the country.
Mr. and Mrs. G. G. Burnett, who have been
traveling in Europe and the Atlantic States for
nearly five years, will return to this City about
the midale of March. Their daughter, Miss
Jennie, U attending Maryland College for
young ladies at Lutherville, and will return
at the summer vacation in June.
Mrs. Dr. Thomas Flint of San Juan is in the
City and is stopping at the Grand.
Tin: Misses Martha and Hannah Ososke will
be at home on the first and third Sunday
evenings of each month.
MILITARY KICKERS.
Fifth Regiment, Boys' Brigade, De
fented the Second Ilegiiuent at
Football.
This side of the bay as represented by
the Fifth R.egiment of the Boys' Brigade
triumphed over the other side and its
Second Regiment yesterday afternoon in
a closely contested football match at
Central Park.
, The Alameda 'team-- sporting the blue
and gold early secured a touchdown, and
converted it into a goal. After the second
kickoff, however, the home team suddenly
altered its tactics of close-in plays, and
with a sensational dash Bishop circled the
left end, veered further and further out,
avoiding several desperate attempts to
tackle him, and finally fell over, the line
carrying his . tackier with him, and scor
ing a touchdown after a brilliant run of
thirty yards. . . .:
'Bacon failed to kick the goal, and from
then until late in the second half the
Alameda team held its lead of two points.
The winning score came like the memor
able -intercollegiate blocked kick of '111,
when Fiedert stopped a. punt for Stanford
and Cochrane . pursued ; the : rebound over
the line and gave the game to the wearers
of the red." Alaraeaa, after f stopping
several dangerous advances near her
15-yard. line, got the ball and Dinsmore
immediately tried to punt. Specht broke
through the line like a rocket and Duden
was the successful man in the . general
scramble back of the goalposts. Bacon
kicked the goal and red and gold was four
points in the lead. ,* V
Little time remained. Alameda kicked
off and set a lively pace, while the Second
Regiment band poured out Sousa - with
the frantic effort of ; a desperate hope.
Hamilton caught and returned the kick,
sending the ball well Into Alameda terri
tory, where Louis Ward, in ' two telling
dashes in succession, caused Alameda to
long for just a few more ' seconds. But a
fumble gave the ball to the local team; the
band blared and wheezed down; to a full
stop, and in a moment or two the whistle
blew, and the youthful guards that had
patrolled the side lines in military dignity,
trailed their guns in their eager rush -to
join the hilarious crowd ' that surged to
ward the. dressing-rooms. .-' '..•'
Davidson, Duden and Bishop of the San
Francisco eleven are members of the cham
pion Y.M. C. A. team, while Captain Tay
lor of the : , Alameda > team *is; a ; senior ?at
Berkeley and P. Brod well is a sophomore
at the State University. V .■/,] , ' ■ - ■
Following are | the details *of the ?■ game
and . the : two ; elevens as : they faced y each
other. | Stripped weights only are given. ;;
_ Fifth Regiment. « Line Up. 3 Second Regiment ;'-;'
R. Masters, 135 L. End R Dinsmore, 130
Hamilton, 165......£. Tackle R. ...... Noble, 133
Bacon, 14O.;-.;7;..-.,L. Guard R Hughes, 166
Swltzer, 140..........^Center.:.;.......Gunter, 160
Duden, 140 ;jX ....k. Guard L...... Anderson, 147
SmSES* 18 °} •«• Tackle i,;:;^McK-ne/l30"
Specht. 118......... R. End L.'..:.;.;. 8. Ward, 129
£ 0 3 ";-%;" •••••• ..Quarter.... F. Borrtwell,lia
Davidson, 148 ;;•.-..£*' Half R.;...P.Bord well, 185
Bishop, 130 . . . : . . ; B. Hair I.;! Hr. . . JU Word, 130
Capt. Morrison, 132 . ...FuU Capt. Taylor. 146
v Touchdowns-Fifth ' Regiment 2;' by Blsnop and
by Duden; Second Regiment 1, by L. Ward. :
_- Goals— Fifth Regiment 1, by Bacon; Second
Bejlaient 1, by IV Bonlwell. r v ;, <
< Score— Regiment 10, Second Regiment 6.
Halvea-35 mtuutea. TUn« of game 1 hour 4s
minutes. ■ ; ; _.
Officials: Referee-W. B. Hughson; amplrJ-W.
L. Jehu ; linesman— Ed Bishop.
- ■ -■-.-_ ■■ i ,
BAB IN A SERIOUS VEIN
Some of the Revolting Travesties
on Love Are Laid
Bare.
WOMEN RUINED BY SOCIETY.
Sacrifice of Honor, Morals and Home
Happiness for Social
Duties. .
NEW YORK, March 2, 1896.— 1n the
description given of the tragic death of a
well-known man, who had gone away
from lift home because he was ill, there
occurs this Jine — which may be true or un
true — "His wife would have been with
him but her social duties prevented her."
Her social duties ! What is the world
coming to? Are the social duties of a
woman to rise superior to her duty and
devotion to her husband? Shall your
social duties, or my social duties, make us
the less loving, the less quick to recognize
that which is really right, or that which a
woman should do? Of how much worth
is society when put in the bal
ance against true love? There fell
on the newspaper as I road tbis a
little valentine sent me by a child lover,
and below the flaming heart and the smil
ing Cupid were the words, " 'Tis love that
makes the world go round." Jsit? Or is
it one's social duties? Did the wonderful
women of the past who gave their lives,
not by merely dying, but by living from
day to day in such a way that life was
daily death — did these women consider
their social duties as most important or
did they believe that it was love that made
the world go round? Think of all the
great women in history, think of all the
women of tradition, think of all the
women of Biblical lore, and be sure it was
love of God or man that ruled them and
not their social duties.
Do you suppose $hat when Ruth clcng
to her mother-in-law, claiming that "Thy
people shall be my people, thy God my
Goa," it was because she thought it a so
cial duty ; or was it a reflection of the love
she bore her husband, of the duty she felt
she owed him, and which made her help
the woman who bore his name and needed
her help? The comic papers and the vul
gar people laugh and jest about mothers
in-law—it always seems to me a dreadful
thing. A woman wins the love of your
son— the pride of your heart— the child
that has been cared for by you through
long illnesses, possibly nursed back by you
when close to death, and to whom" you
taught everything that was beautiful and
noble. Uecaose of this new love, shall he
love you any the lest;? And shall not the
woman to whon. he has given the strongest
love of his life, who feels honored by bear
ing his name, shall not this woman give to
you who bore him, cared so much for him,
a great love, an enduring love, a love not
governed by the law, but by the heart
and its rules? Think it all over. Haven't
you known mothers-in-law who were veri
table refuges in distress? I sometimes
wonder if a woman ever thinks of her son
when she is disagreeable to the mother of
her husband. My friend, even in this
world the law of compensation holds
good, and as you treat the mother of your
husband so your danghier-in-law will
treat you. If you find that your social
duties are too great to allow you to con
sider the woman who is the mother of your
husband you can Jook into the future and
you will see that to you will come just
such treatment from the one who wins the
heart of that son who, to-day, is nothing
but a baby boy. I despise these so-called
mother-in-law Jokes, and I cannot imagine
how a woman with either heart or brain
can smile at them.
.But that wasn't the text of my sermon,
for I am moved to sermonize a bit to-day.
Suppose the social duties of the two Marya
had kept them from arising early that
morning, would they have met the angel
at the tomb? Suppose his social duties
had kept Christ so busy that he could pay
no attention to the poor and the blind, and
the sick of body and the sick of soul,
what would have happened then? My
friend, did you ever try to think out what
your social duties were? Plainly put, they
are simply what you owe to the society in
which you live. But sometimes I think
they go further than that, and the society
in which we really live is that in which
love reigns, and no other society can
demand a duty from us. Women
are wonderfully true to the demands
of the heart, but sometimes there comes
a curious, a meaa ambition. It is to
beat the bead of a gossiping, frittering
silly set who are friends, dear friends, in
prosperity, and who are indifferent when
sorrow comes unless that sorrow is draped
in the most expensive crape and lived
down according to the rules of etiquette,
to burst out at the proper time in a great
gladness and in overwhelming merriment.
This society, it is true, is made of men and
women, men and women with hearts, but
hearts bo well covered with social draperies
that except in a physical way they scarcely
know how to beat. I don't know whether
it is for good or for iil that in the social
world you and I and our neighbor wear
the conventional mask — we teach ourselves
to smile whon our hearts ache; we teach
ourselves to overlook neglect when we are
in trouble, because it is wise to be on good
terms with the social rulers; we throw
ourselves down bet >,c the social car of
Juggernaut and are rolled over, crushed,
wounded, hurt, and we rise up with a
smile.
But always somebody is misjudged by
society. Yesterday it was a woman, who,
throwing back the great crape veil that
society had ordered her to wear, claimed
her right to God Almighty's sunshine and
to hope. The day before it was a woman
seen comine out of a pawnshop. The
looker-on told the story, and society made
up its mind that she had pawned her jew
els to pay her dressmaker's bill, whereas in
truth they had been put there to get the
money to bury the dead. The day before
that it was a girl — society criticized her be
cause it said she affected religion— she
knelt so many hours in church — and the
truth was that the church was warm, and
her tiny room in the fashionable boarding
house was cold and cheerless. And she
had not the courage to go where life was
simpler and more comfortable because
she feared society and because she believed
she must live up to her social duties.
Auother day. It is a man, and somebody
laugfcra because he always seems so hun
gry at dinner or at supper — he will not
work, and the pittance that comes to him
monthly barely pays for his fashionable
clothes and a room in a well-known
apartment house. Do you wonder that
he is hungry? And he isn't just one;
there are hundreds like him. And there
is another. No word is too vile for
what he is now, and yet there was a
day when he was truthful, bonorableand a
gentleman. But he felt the demands of
society. He thought hia social duties of
most importance, and not having money
enough to live as he wished he managed
to get, nobody knows how, letters that
compromised first ttiia woman, then that
woman, and then another woman, so al
ways there was somebody to pay him to
keep from making those letters public.
Ana he is a prominent guest at smart
dinners, and he is a favorite on yachting
parties, and he is spoken of as being "so
liked by all the women." Nobody thinks
to say. So feared. And yet it was because he
felt he must pay what he owed to society
by appearing well dressed ,and living like
a lily of the field that, from being a gen
tleman by birth and education, he became
a blackguard.
And there is another— a woman— bright,
piquante, perhaps a bit sarcastic; bat
then men laugh and say that probably she
would have softened if she had married:
and the man who takes her out to dinner
doesn't dream that her beautiful fan is
paid for by a scurrilous story written
against her hostess; that her gown was
presented to her by a woman to whom she
wrote this note: "My Dear Doily: I have
just heard the story of your visit to Nice.
It is most interesting. I am sure you
would hate to have it get into print.
Would you kindly let me have, by bearer,
a couple of hundred dollars? I will pay
you when my rents come in next
month. Lovingly yours, Margie. " A
threat? Oh, no. But the woman who
got that note could read between the lines,
and she knew, unless she sent that $200,
that the story of her escapade, which was
not really bad, only compromising, would
be publisned in a so-called society paper,
so slightly disguised that everybody would
recognize the heroine. Bow do women
reach this depth? From an overweening
desire to pay proper attention to their
social duties. To such women it is hard
to decline an invitation because a proper
gown is not possessed, because new gloves
cannot be got, or because the money
for a cab is not at hand, and they stain
their character* and blacken their souls,
and think they are no worse than anybody
else because they never err from a social
standpoint.
There is another woman, a beautiful
woman, a woman fond of society, but one
who has vowed to love and honor a man
who has become an invaiiu. She thinks
her duty is done when she knows that he
has eood doctors and good nurses; she
goes in to show him how she looks before
she starts to the dance, or whatever it may
be, and she drops a kiss lightly on his
forehead and says, "Good-night; you will
be in bed before I am back." And
away she goes. Society gives her the
right to do this; society counts her
as among its decorations, and de
mands her. But what about the man
ill and lonely at home? What are trained
nurses to him ? It is true they may know
how to attend to his physical wants better
than the wife he lovre, but be sure that he
longs for her presence; he longs for her
womanly words, and he longs for what he
has a rigrht to demand — the presence of his
wife. Women need not speak or act to
tell of a loving devotion, when there are
nurses and doctors. It is the being there
only that is wanted; it is the knowledge
that to somebody this sick man is more
than all the world, and that he comes be
fore the duties of society.
And the Jittie valentine says, "This love
that makes the world go round." And it
means not justto-aay, but yesterday, to
day and forever. It means that finest of
all loves — the love which forgets eelf and ;
which is worth — well, it is worth all that i
there is in the world to come. I '
do not mean by this the love which !
finds its best expression in continual I
caresses, in continual words of love, but I |
m.can the love that works always in one
way or the other, the love that denies
itself something for dear love's sake, the
love that can endure and keep quiet. I
have never been much of a believer in the
love that told of itself continually in
words. But there are those who think
this love the finest. Think of a woman
who knew that death was only a matter of
a few months, yet who during that time
made herself lovely in appearance, charm
ing in manner, and never once let the man
she loved know that that most dreadful of j
all thines, a cancer, was eating away her
life. She died looking pretty. Those
months when she suffered had been
months not of life, but of aeatb, but at the
last she could say again "I love you,"
and bhe knew that during that time
she had created a strong love that
would make all the world better for
her purpose. It does, my friend, it does.
There can be no great love without this
world gaining from it. The man who
love? a woman well will respect and be
gentle with all other. women for her saKe.
The man who loves a woman who has
shown to him how beautiful is an unself
ish love, how beautiful it is to think of
others first, to care for others most, and to
remember those who suffer, has preached
a sermon in her life greater than any that
ever came from the pulpit. Men, as a
general thing, are not prone to speak of
their loves — when they are great— but they
are influenced by them, and he who is
hard of heart will suddenly one day rind !
himself growing tender for a woman's
sake. He who is stern in judgment will
discover mercy because he has loved well,
and he who saw nothing but that which
was dark and gloomy will grow hopeful
because a woman bids him to, and believe
in a future since she earnestly asks him
to, because there their U>ve will be con
summated in the finest way.
And always when I say that there comes
back to me the one line in a play, "If there
vrere more women whose hearts were fail
of sentiment, there would be fewer un
happy men." All the great and noble
actions in this world have been prompted
by sentiment. Men who have loved
women, men who have been patriots, have
all been men of sentiment. You cannot
cite a hero who did not love a woman, and
there is not one in the history of the world
in whose life this woman love was not the
best and tenderest part. It seems to me
that what we women of to-day reed to
learn is not our social duties (those of us
who are not acquainted with them may
learn them from books of etiquette) but
to love well — that means to make better
men of our sens and of our husbands; to !
make all life better. Do you remember j
what a great woman writer said, a woman
not like that petty new woman of to-day,
but a woman great of heart, great of brain
and overflowing with love toward her own,
toward all the world and toward God?
The world waits
For help. Beloved, let us love so well.
Our work shall still he bettor for our love,
And bC ill our love be swreter for our work.
And both, commended, for the sake of each,
By all true workers and true lovers, born.
Isn't that the ideal Jove? And the man
standing beside her said, seeing their love
in the world to come, framed by that
wondrous wall that had
Jasper first.
And second, sapphire; third, chalcedony;
The rest in order— lr.^t an amethyst.
And so it stands forever; the perfect
love of the man and the woman — unselfish,
beautiful, greater than all the social duties
that may arise it is writ upon an amethyst,
the sacred stone which means God's love
and man's love in union. A preacher?
" 'Ti. love thatmakesthe world go round,"
and in its whirl are drawn all human be
ings. It reaches out and makes sweeter
the heart of humanity, and to form that
heart— that great, kindly, unselfish loving
heart— is needed you and your neiehbor,
and Bab.
NEW TO-DAY.
It's the
talk of all the clubs
— the wonderful suc-
cess of the "MAN-
TELL" cigar.
10 cents— 2 for 25 cents— 3 for 25 Cents.
ALL DEALERS.
HEW TO«PAT.'
Vf\ NOLAN BROS.
: 1 % I SHOE CO.
MONSTER SALE
or
Black Shoes
To make room for forty carloads of .' j •
TAN SHOES
Which will arrive April 1.
'■; ; 'We will close out all our
Black Shoes at 25c, 50c and 75c
lOn1 On the dollar for net cash, according to
> — — - the styles. . .
We have no space to carry them over, as we will
need it all for our
TAN SHOES.
PRICES WILL BE NO OBJECT
In closing out our
BLACK SHOES.
We want this known as the
! BOSS SALE OF THE SEASON
And to make it the Boss Sale we* will make the
i prices so low that every one will buy the* Shoes
; during tnis sale . one to boy all the Shoes they
It will pay auv one to bay all the Shoes they
need for the next twelve months during this tale.
BEAR IN MIND
You will have nothing to lose and all to gain by
i purchasing your shoos during this sale, for if
! Shoes are not satisfactory, or just as represented,
j return them at our expense and we will refund the
I money. .; : -
A RUBBER BALL OR BASE BALL
• Given with every purchase of Shoes.
We have just Issued
1 50,000 MORE CATALOGUES
Showing all the latest style and up-to-date Shoes,
j and all at reduced prices.
Send us your address and we will mall yon a
' Catalogue. t [
I Notice to Our Out-of-Town Patrons
We Prepay Express or Mail Charges to any part
! of the Pacific Coast on all orders for shoes at Cata-
I logue prices on receipt of remittance.
WE HAVE
NO BRANCH; STORE
|ON MARKET STREET. f ? : ~
Mail orders receive prompt attention.
s
NOLAN BROS,
SHOE CO.
812-814 MARKET STREET,
; 9 and 11 o'Farrell St.,
PHELAN BUILDING.
Long Distance Telephone 5537. ..
FURNITURE
FOR — —
4 ROOMS
$75.
Parlor — Silk Brocatelle, 6-Peice Suit, plush
trimmed. : \
Bedroom- Elegant Suit, bed, bureau,
vrashstand, two chairs, rocker and table; pU-
' lows, woven wire and top mattress.
Dining-Room-ti-ioot Extension Table, four
Solid Oalc Chairs-
Kitchen— Kange," Patent Kitchen Table and tw»
•' Chairs. *
EASY PAYMENTS.
■ Houses furnished complete, city or country, any-
where on the Coast. Open evenings. , ....
HI. FRIEDMAN & CO.,
224 to 230 and 306 Stockton
and 237 Post Street. ! *
33~ Free packing and delivery across the bay. ,
HALE &
NORCROSS
QTOCKHOLDERS WHO ARE TIRED OF OF.
O : ficial i extravagance : and consequent ■ unneces-
sary assessments, and who desire a radical Changs
in the present management, will please write or
call t immediately at room 21, Stock Exchange
building, Pine street. JKKEMI AH LYNCH.
HALE &
NORCROSS
(STOCKHOLDERS OF THE HALE & NOR-
O cross mine should first call at the office of this
n & f£° m 1 : 0 -. 261 Nevada block, and be In.
formed of the facts in relation to the|abov« adver- '
tisement. Hale & Norcrost Minin^Co^inV }
President Hale <fe Norcross Mining Company.
Office-Boom No.. 26, Nevada block, 309 Mont-
gomery street, San Francisco, Cal. ' ■
Opposite V. .8. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth St., san
fjanplsco, Cal— The mo3t . select family hotel In
the city.- Board and room. »l, $ 1 25 and $1 50 pee
dß cordin toroorn.-; Meals 25c Rooms, 500
tSSJ^?* 7 * Free ooach *° nd from ">• hotel «
Look for the coach, bearing the name of the Co*.
mopolitan Hotel. • : - wi£ FAttEY. ProprietorTHE
LATEST FASHION GOSSIP FOR WOMEN AND MEN.
HOW rapidly the days fly! The
lectures, concerts, Shakespearean
readings, etc., which are consid
ered proper relaxations at this
season, have all been so excellent
that we have not willingly missed one of
them, and they have taken up every spare
moment during the daytime. This week
I have heard of a highly enjoyable euchre
party which; was given in the Western
Addition on Thursday evening ; numerous
have been the informal little teas and
musicales, at all of which one hears pretty
complimentary remarks concerning the
charming debutante whose engagement
has just been announced. How seldom
does an engagement cause such general
satisfaction and felicitation, for never has
a belle had more lovely manners. And
ail girls should remember that any one can
be rude and brusque, but that more of
them would be belles were they to culti
vate unselfishness, a low, gentle voice — "a
most excellent thing in a woman" — and
sweet mannors. It is delightful to be
beautiful, but in the end other qualifica
tions are more necessary.
"We all sincerely regretted the cause
which necessitated the postponement of
the reception which was to have been
given on tin^ 29th at the bie house quite on
the top of Pacific avenue.
Not a few of us are thinking about Santa
Barbara anu Los Angeles and are planning
to enjoy the fete and festival, and most of
us will soon be flying around attending
openings. I received one milliner's card
announcing her spring exhibition of hats
the day of the snowstorm (and if this
■weather continues I shall return to a dis
cussion of velvets, furs and perhaps skat
ing costumes, as now the contemplation
of mulls and mu3lins is not in the least
to my taste), and here about two weeks
:>_ we were looking up last year's shirt
waists and consuming icecream and sodas
und sherbets, but then I have alw«3's said
we have a marvelous climate, and I like it
no matter what tricks the elements play us.
As usual I have a few illustrations to
discuss: The mourning gown has a new
make of bodice and sleeves, with a full
skirt admirably adapted to any black ma
terial. Observe the way in which the
folds in the front of the bodice fall ; the
graceful bows and buttons at the waist.
The collar cape is formed of ribbons with
jet buttons, the fronts gracefully falling
over the sleeves and back and front. It is
not only distinctive, but original as well.
The dinner dress for a matron i?, as you
see, simple and effective. The skirt is of
the best duchess satin and the bodice of
the same, the blouse effect being produced
with black chiffon, on which are seven tine
reifies and insertions of rare lace. Any
dark rich satin is effective, but black is by
far the most useful, as the skirt can be
utilized with so many waists.
The last model is from Paris airect, and
is very exquisite, being of plain pink
miroir velvet. The deep lace adorning
the low-cut neck is, in the original, almost
priceless, and the buttons are fit for a
princess, as they are of picked pearl?, one
large rink one being in the center of each.
I'earJ-colored glace taffeta lines it through
out, ruches of pearl and pink completing
it around the bottom. Few of us can have
such a creation reproduced, but the ex
quisitely graceful cut an 1 simple arrange
ment of lace may be profitably carried out
by an expert dressmaker with surprising
ly good results for a customer with a well
proportioned figure.
At this season novelties are hard to find,
and what will be accepted styles for the
spring and summer of '99 can only be
guessed at. The new designs and confec
tions now flooding the country will be
carefully scrutinized by fasinonaole wo
men, and all good points combined and
toned down to suit their peculiar styles of
feminine loveliness. The latest budget
from Paris informs us that light suede
gloves are to take the place of white kid
{his spring, and I am sincerely thankful
for this expected chancre, expected firstly
because the white kid has become too
common for the smart woman any longer
to tolerate, and secondly because it looks
coiled after two hours' wear. However,
this has not prevented some women fi'om
apparently wearing the same pair day in
and day out for two weeks, regardless of
appearance, but I am not again going to
indulge in remarks about soiled gloves, as
you may remember I said a good deal on
the subject not long ago. and two days
after my appeal for cltan gloves a woman
6at in front of me with the very worst
gloves 1 have ever gazed upon. I was sim
ply fascinateu by her hands, which seemed
to afford her a strange satisfaction to con
template, otherwise she was well turned
out. That person should be induced to
always wear black gloves in future.
I remember a dear old Southern gentle
woman saying to her granddaughter, "My
child, a lady may have to wear a sbabby
eown, but she always will strive to have
her gloves and shoes of the best quality,
and even if they are old at least they can
be kept in perfect order." Tnere is a little
typewriter in this City who supports her
self and mother entirely by her exertions.
Of course there may be many such, but
this one interests me, for she is the trim
mest bit of a woman possible. Her dark
blue serge dress is always well brushed,
the binding around tne bottom is invaria
bly fresh and clean, and she wears the
neatest collars and cuffs, which are fresh
every morning, and her gloves and shoes
are never minus a button, but I must not
describe her an v further, because you might
know her if I did. However, lam certain
if she ever marries she will marry well, as
men are not slow to appreciate such at
tractive points in a woman.
Among the girls who are to be pitied are
those who have to keep up appearances
on little or nothing because they or their
parents con-ider it beneath their dignity
to do anything but try and secure ricn
husbands*. Tr.ey wonder they do not suc
ceed, and fairly shudder when they hear
that Jack, on whom they had all beamed,
had actually married a schoolteacher or a
typewriter, forgetting that the bright face
and trins, well-groomed appearance was
far more attractive than their blase beauty,
which too frequently is not even enhanced
by attractive apparel ; on the contrary,
only too often their finery is limp and
soiled.
Fortunately this class of girls shows a
decided tendency to diminish, for most of
them are coming to the conclusion that
there is nothing undignified in honest
work and that the securing of a wealthy
husband is not the one end and object of a
true woman's existence. But I nad no idea
of giving a lecture so let us chance the
subject and talk about shirtwaists, which
Will be worn as much as last summer,
proving an exception to the rule, that as a
style becomes convenient it is no longer
fashionable, but remember, there are shirt
waists and shirtwaists. Thousands of
the-e ready-made orfes are sold here dur
ing even- "month, and for the girl with
the regulation figure they are very
we'l,. but few smart women purchase
them. The up-to-date matron and maiden
usually has hers made to order by one of
the best haberdashers in the City.
While walking up one of our principal
streets a few hours ago, I noticed in the
window of one of the swellest men's storse
here a very excellent shirtwaist; it was of
a line piece of eoods of a light ecru 6hade,
through winch ran narrow white lines
about an inch apart. The style of this
waist was indisputable, so I entered at
once and made inquiries, and as I know
you may want just such a garment I will
tell you what I wa? informed. You can
have a shirt made just like the model for
$2 50 if you furnish the material, but if
you do not it will cost you between $4 and
$5, according to the grade of material se
lected, and you can feel certain that you
will not have your waist duplicated, which
is a real satisfaction in a small city. It
does seem a good deal, perhaps, to give
$0 for so simple a garment, but I assiir>»
you that you will find it cheaper in the
end to have the correct thine, and scarcely
any ready-made waist ever fits properly
arouna the neck.
I presume, however, that a special price
might be made wnen a dozen waists are
ordered, but under all circumstances do
not imagine that you can so to any fash
ionable summer resort and feel comfort
able in a cheap, ba'd.'y cut, ili-fitting shirt
waist. You will probably look, unless a
regular Venus, like a meai bag, and if
father or husband objects to the outlay
tell him your shirtwaist must be as care
fully cut' and made aa one of his shirts,
for such is really the case.
In New York fancy shirtwaists vary in
price from 69 cents to $3">. Tne cotton
ready-made shirt may be had in a good
cotton and well sewn here at about the
same figure, but as yet I have not investi
gated the high-priced new ones which
have doubtless already arrived. East,
shirts, made of plain-colored French cam
bric, are trimmed with line edging and
insertion; the insertion is worked in
raised dots, which match the shirt in
color. These waists are imported and
rank among the novelties. They cost
about $4 25. For an additional quarter
may be had in this same style tine French
ginghams made upon the bias. These are
gay and pretty. Twine-colored linen ones
with white cuffs and collars are good, and
are worked in the same color. They are
more blouse-like in styles. Twine-colored
wash batistss are attractive, with collars
ana cuffs of very fine white muslin edged
with narrow Jace; the front plait may also
be edgi-d with iace, or the collar, cuffs and
front plait can all be covered with a very
line embroidered muslin, edged with lace.
Some of the expensive waists really do not
come under the bead of shirtwaists,
nevertheless they are so classified,
although spoken of as bodices.
Our parasols are to change but little in
style this year. Those with pale or
white grounds over which are scattered
brilliant (lowers in conventional and ar
tistic desicns will be the favorites, and the
most chic have those delightful Louis XVI
stripes on a whits surface witu tiny
garlands.
Tr.e ribbons this summer ar3 marvels of
beauty, for on evening frocks are to be
seen gold ribbons, silver ones, and chine
ribbon will be enriched with* sequins,
jewels and lace, and the simplest of gowns
composed of organdy, lawn, muslin,
jaconet or batiste will be beautified with
exquisite ribbons.
Veils are always interesting topics in
San Francisco, where ttiey are weil nigh
indispensable, especially in the summer,
so it is well to know tiiat plain black tulle,
as I previously stated, is correct, and may
be finished with a scroll in wbiu-noss
silk around the edge, or with v tiny edging
of very narrow line real lace. The ends are
tied in a full bow upon the brim of the
hat at the back and allowed to follow their
sweet will instead of being tucked away
out of sight. 1 like to sec the ends crowed
at the back and pinned in position with a
small ornamental pin much better than
the bow, for after a bow has been tied say
half a dozen times the veil is spoiled.
The grace and beauty of the plain skirt
have laid such a hold on the affections of
most women that the trimmed and
flounced skirts, which are now especially
designed for evening wear, are not being
received with enthusiasm. A delightful
white satin was lately worn; the corsage
ornamented with lar^'e revers, thickly em
broidered by hand in pearls and silver
thread. These revers fell over the sleeves,
which were of the finest point de Brux
elles. A large tablier of the same delicate
lace adorned the skirt, which was other
wise plain, much gored, very full at the
hem.
From all ball dresses the train has van
ished. White brocade has recently been
used considerably in ootnblnatien with
white satin, and the results are good. A
white brocade was admired which had a
wide, perfectly plain skirt and large folds
of tulle on the bodice, embroidered with
pearls in a pattern of marguerites.
Hand-painted gowns am growing in fa
vor, and one of the very handsomest court
dresses worn at the last Duolin drawing
room was of green satin. A huge bunch of
exquisitely painted rnalmaisons adorned
the leftside of the skirt. They were won
derfully shaded, being the work of an ex
cellent artist. The bodice was draped with
rare oriental embroidery, in which were
used pearls, emeralds and gold paillettes,
which looked as though held in place by a
cluster of malm;iisoii3. The sleeves of
green chiffon terminated in a band of simi
lar oriental embroidery. The train was of
rose-colored velvet, lined with green and
draped with green chiffon. The mantle
worn with this creation was of pink velvet,
lined with cream satin and arranged with
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
chiffon, lace and a trimming of gold thread
and green and pink sequins. It had
large reyefs, lined with cream satin, edged
with this galon, the snoulder drapery be
ing in deeply accentuated points.
A model Paris toilet is described as hav
ing a low corsage vest and godet skirt or
namented with hand-painted wreaths,
sprays, lovers' knots which enliven the
pointed front and describe two panels on
.either side of the skirt framing of pearl
traceries. Waistcoat in velours, miroir,
vieux rose, trimmed with paste buttons.
Balloon sleeves in velvet, finished off with
a gaged band in taffeta, veiled with the
upper part of the mechlin lace frilling.
Kerchief epaulets, with iahot in yellow
lace. A single rose at the side.
Turquoise blue and black are to be ex
tensively seen in combination. For ex
ample, a godet skirt of duchesae satin of
a turquoise blue shade has a low round
blouse composed of black satin bands,
which sparkles with exquisite jeweled
embroidery. The bodice has epaulettes of
black ostrich plumes, wiiich also edge it
around the neck. The waistbaud is of
folded black satin. The sieeves are short
puffs of miroir velvet, which matches the
skirt. They are iinished with a band in
black satin which ties in a sprightly bow.
The charms of such a gown can be imag
ined. With a change of sleeves this beauti
ful bodice might do duty with several
skirts, making a considerable saving if
necessary. Just as described, it would be
very handsome with a skirt of black satin.
All of the newest cloih costumes show
white facings, white waistcoats an<l cuff,
while some of the darkest stuffs are braided
in white. Indeed, the keynotes of the
' spring fashions are blnck and white, so
many pretty white bodices are bein<»
planned of white satin, as when of a good
quality it will ciean perfectly, and speak
ing from experience I should state
that white satin will look clean quite ns
long as pale green, pink, blue or buff.
Many waists of this fabric are worn with
black tailor jackets, the swcllest of
which have a lining of it. With such a
costume let me recommend a jaunty little
black hat of ihe new braid, trimmed with
a large white osprey atone side, and at the
back violets and three or four white gar
denias. Those who are more economical
can substitute a black satin blouse waist
buttoned with tiny diamond buttons.
Such blouses mast have a collar or vest of
the new black lisse with the white lace
applique.
A blouse wnich has caused many com
plimentary remarks wherever worn is of
pale yellow chiffon and lace. t"he outlines
j are early Victorian. It is trimmed with
! black velvet covered with an applique of
I creamy lace.
A simple little spring costume consists
of a coat and skirt of petunia frieze cioth,
the skirt made with a short full basque
and quaintly cut revers. The waistcoat is of
white face cloth, braided in sold, and fas
tening down the center with tiny sold but
i tons. Another, equally good, is in hussar
blue face cloth. The short full basque is
! very smart in appearance, and the full,
drooping shoulder pieces arid strap.? across
the bodice from bust to waist i<ive a de
cided touch of novelty. The vest is of
white cloth braided in a darker shade of
bine. The handsomest tailor dresses are
all beautified with the loveliest of jeweled
buttons which, by contrast, look especially
well on dark, rou^h surface!", and the
smartest of jackets are now making their
appearance.
One of the latest models is from rue de
la Paix, ft light Havana cloth, warm,
I brilliant in tone, and so becoming gener
ally. The jacket is longer than those we
are wearing and the basque does not rip
ple at all, lies merely in graceful ease. A
beaded passementerie of steel and jet cover
the seams. The sleeves are the usual gigot
coat mod**]. The cachet of this garment
lies in the hood, for it 5s a genuine
Trianon, such as the merry queen often
I wore going to her toy palace. A Trianon
capuchin lies flat acro«s the shoulders and
bust and then rolls up below very grace
! fully with a spring that rives great width
across the shoulders aixl increases the
slenderness of the waist. A large double
jeweled clasp fastens the hood at the bust,
and when fur with stole ends is worn the
( ends are slipped under; with this is worn
i a very modish black cloth skirt.
When writing to Marcella, correspond
i ents must not neglect to give their name
j and address, and they should make their
| questions as explicit as possible; for in-
I stance, I have just been asked about the
style of sleeves for spring and summer,
j but the "anxious subscriber" do-JS not say
for what style of gown, muslin or cloth,
day or evening, so I can only repeat what
I have already said, the principal chauge
in our d 'asses will be in the sleeves, and
so excellent an authority as Vogue says:
j "We are certain that the old sleeve model
I is to return, not the glove-ntting one, but
I the moderately close sleeve we wore befpre
i the balloon came in"; and in speaking of
blouse-coats for early spring, Harper' 9
Bazar says "sleeves are of gigot shape,
I "or the straight bishop sleeve." So if nay
! inquirer want* a safe style fora wash frock
let her have a bishop sleeve; ifforacloth
I recommend the gigot.
Please remember aiso in asking ques
tions to state whether the style is desired
; for a woman, young girl or child, as I
want to make my information as exact as
possible; and I also want to know whether
the design is for a short or slender, stout
or thin subject. For a thin woman a
blouse front is stylish. Made according to
the new model rach waists must always
have a perfectly fitted foundation. Round
bodices, stylishly trimmed, are being well
received. For evening wear the newest
bodices have jacket effects, the revers
opening over a lace vest; others are
bioused. The leading fashion papers
abound in plates which offer good sugges
tions, and any of the papers I mention are
to be relied on.
Mohair and cheviot will be much worn
and the jacket bodice model is the favorite
! for them, a 9 the vest and plastron admit
lof many variations. Such dresses depend
MOURNING GOWN.
entirely for their cachet on their graceful
hanging and perfect fit, as they are en
tirely destitute of trimming of any descrip
tion.
A dressy bodice just designed for the
Riviera is described as having a close-fit
ting under bodice which is made in white
satin of soft chiffon, with horizontal bands
of black lace insertion, and over this
bright cerise or petunia velvet, satin or
brocade, are draped with the intention
that the sleeves should be a part of the
bodice. They require most careful arrange
ment, standing out in folds from the arm
in a new and remarkable way. They need
skilled dressmaking, and then are a marked
success. The neckband matched the
sleeves in color, and so do the tight gaunt
lets, almost to the wrist; but the waist
belt, the band from the collar to the bodice,
and the two encircling the waist are of
black satin. This answers charmingly for
a theater bodice, a tea jacket, and for an
afternoon reception dress. And, says the
same authority, one of the prettiest no
tions in the way of sleeves closely resem
bles a Canterbury bell. It is quite close
fitting and plain on the shoulders and to
the elbow, where it ends in a multiplicity
of soft trillings of lisse and lace. Then
there is another shape coming in, quite
ti,'ht also, but with an upper sleeve almost
as wide as a child's frock, drooping a little
over the elbow and just reaching to the
bend of the arm and sewn in on the shoul
ders in broad box-pleats.
Crepon is so completely de mode that the
wise woman will not invest in even kin
dred fabrics. In all washing materials
chine designs will prevail.
Beautifully jeweled combs are the rage
everywhere, and the Duke de Morny Bet
the fashion, for at Christmas time he sent
as presnts to many of his friends tortoise
sheil coraos richly jeweled.
Silver toilet articles are. entirely out of
fashion, end are now considered banal.
Tortoise-shell is seen on the most perfectly
appointed dressing tables. Our belles are
having their silver and gold handeled par
asols and umbrellas incrusted with gems,
to the goldsmiths' delight, aa these fads
keep them all busily employed.
Green, lettuce green anil the real tur
quoise blue and tnlle are to be found in or
or. most of the Parisian hats, with which
we wiii presently amuse and torment our
selves. The swelleat hats are trimmed
with tulle, or the cream - colored lace
scarfs which I have bc-fore' mentioned,
and the osnrey made of flowers is truly be
coming, and flowers are to be beneath the
brims "of most chapeaux. The French
have taken a violent fancy to the tail of
the bird of paradise, so it, in a vivid shado
of green, adorns many a model. We must
wear our ha f s well forward on our fore
heads, says Dame Fashion.
I have just been doing a piece of appro
priate Lenten work, which may be of use
10 several readers. More than six months
MATRON'S EVENING DRESS.
ago I purchased a piece of excellent black
alpaca, which I made up into a very useful
petticoat. It was well cut and had around
the bottom two ruffles of bluish gray silk
shot with black, and the yoke wa? of the
same fabric. I saw a few clays ago that
the silk ruffles had worn out, so I renewed
them and the yoke, as the alpaca still is
perfectly good, ana replaced them with a
deep ruffle of black silk, which has alter
nate pink and black stripes. . Then I put
on a yoke of pink satin matching the pink
stripe and as a result have an excellent
petticoat for rainy days and morning wear
at a small outlay, as I only purchased
four yards of the silk for the ruffle
the yoke coming out of my scrapbag. I
suppose you all have sucn bags. If not
institute one at once, as many a bit of
silk apparently oi no use comes in very
nicely when least expected. I forgot to
say that to make my petticoat as durable
a? possible I finished it around tlie bottom
with a binding of the best black corduroy.
I am watching an opportunity to secure a
p'rettv sprigged silk which I suall ruffle,
and frill in the newest and most approved
fashion, as I find the sprigged silKs are
effective for this purpose.
For those who do net care to pay from
$5 to $20 tor skirts and yet love dainty
underwear let me advise them to try
those of home manufacture, as I am cer
tain, Judging from my own exertions, that
they will oe surprised and gratified at tne
results.
I have been requested to discuss the
comparative merits of silk, lisie thread
and linen-mesh underwear for summer
wear; but at present I cannot do so, never
having tried the linen. However, some
day I may, and will then be in a position
to 'speak from experience; but, consider
ing how differently people are constituted,
1 mink that if delicate they should obtain
the advice of their physician on such sub
jects, and in this climate I am a great ad
vocate for light-weight woolen garments.
The prettiest way of having a trousseau
marked is to have "the Christian name em
broidered on each article, but if initials
are preferred they shouid be of the mar
ried name. Mabcella.
TOR MES.
As the subject of men's clothing is
easily exhausted, we find such authorities
as Him constantly discussing whether we
will ever go back to knee breeches and
silk stockings, ruffled shirts and patches,
and we are solemnly notified that colored
evening suits are in demand on the Con
tinent, and conservative "Him," who is
supposed to be the "Glass of fashion and
the mold of form," informs us that he has
ordered "a white silk waistcoat or so,"
and is absolutely listening to the sug
gestion of one in pongee silk of a canary
color for evening wear; however, we much
doubt his appearing in this novelty.
A few "W est End" tailors in New York
have been making dinner jackets without
pockets. No such jacket ever has more
than two pockets, and, of course, they
never have Haps. Those without pockets
were so satisfactory that probably many
more will be-ordered.
Some young men are again trying to
make the velvet collar on the evening coat
fashionable. There is little doubt but that
they will not succeed, as the result is ex
tremely ugly and lacks smartness.
The correct evening tie you must tie
yourself. It is of white lawn and has
square (not pointed) ends.
Strictly speaking the evening coat for
men at all seasons of the year is the black
Inverness, which may be lined with either
silk or satin.
The question sometimes arises even now
as to whether in going up and down stands
a woman precedes the man, so I quote a
good and concise reply :
"The woman precedes the man in going
upstairs, and she precedes him always
wh«re there is no possibility of any mis
adventure occurring. Where there is such
a chance and a disturbance or difficulty of
any character is likely to arise, the man
precedes the woman. In going into a
theater, or any public place, entering a
church or restaurant, or a public convey
ance where there may be any difficulty in
the crush of a crowd or questions about
seats, etc., the man precedes the woman,
but in going upstairs in a private house,
the woman precedes the man.
"There is an absurd idea, which is prac
tically obsolete to-day, that in going up
stairs the man should precede the woman,
because there might be some vestige oi
chance that the man would see the
woman's ankles in case she is ahead of
him. As this is ridiculous on its face, it is
ridiculous to have the man precede the
woman' on this theory."
Varley says: "At the dinner to the Hon.
Charles A. "Dana at the Lotos Club on last
NEW TO-DAT.
I QOARiNTEE
J^ GOOD
O| THINGS.
\^T Wrinkles, crows-feet,
-Js&?~ Vgj deep lines effaced. 1 •
'^SgßtyP Pimples cured.
:.,^|^2f '..:' Faces cleared of
; ?fc^* "** freckles, moth patches,
sallowriess. Gray hair restored
to original color. Superfluous
hair forever removed.
■ ■ V - .:■-■ ':■ :-'■■ •■— ', ' ■• " '-'
rn M ,r,l "DAf Ladies out of town send-
JLTIdI.XUt-- ing this ad., with 3 10c in
stamps will receive a book of = instructions
and a box of " " ..'■' . .
Lola Montez Creme
. PC > FREE. .
I MRS. NETTIE HARRISON,
1 DERMATOLOGIST,
I 40-43 GEARY ST.. %[ . San Tranciaoo.
Saturday evening— a tribute, by the way.
evidently fully appreciated by the dis
tinguished journalist— the ices were in
closed in boxes wrapped in a miniature
'extra' of the Sun, giving an account of the
affair, paomising a later edition with full
report, a novel and bright idea." C. C.
THE BABY DID IT.
The tittle Thing Wai m Beam of Sun
shine in That Dingy Streetcar.
On one of the cold, rainy days of the
past week a Star reporter was on a car on
the Pennsylvania-avenue line coming
down Capitol Hill. There was a pretty
good load of passengers. It was cold, wet
and uncomfortable inside of the car, and
the rain beat a tattoo on the windows
without that brought anything but pleas
ant reflections to the passengers who would
have to face it.
At the Peace monument there was a big
re-enforcement of passeneers. They piled
in very unceremoniously, bringing with
them a rush of cold air and scattering
showers of spray from their soaked gar
ments.
In the crowd which got aboard was a
woman with a baby in her arms. The
woman was rather poorly and thinly clad
ana had no umbrella. There was some
delay in her trotting a seat and she looked
decidedly lorlorn and helpless trying to
maintain her balance and at the same time
look out for her child.
But with all the environment calculated
to make men m an and snrly some one had
enough gallantry in spite of the weather to
offer her a seat But mother and child got
many a reproving look from the other pas
sengers. Those who were in an ugiy mood
on account of their unpleasant surround
ings found it very soothing to their ruffled
feeling to think, "Well, there's a bigger
tool than I am," and one lady whispered
NEW ' TO-DAT. v |
— -- - - !
FOR THE CHILDREN !
j^tS^ Genuine Rog-
iß? .ji.R M era Extra
M i£2**3fcM<» %% ' Plate Child's
JeaiL $&l %' • Sets, consist-
#^l3K^Ri2l # ■ Ing of knife,
■ ' /iZX'jtfT jT»^> ' fork and
.'y-^.'l rirfrii t* *"^» spoon, re?u-
/^v«J v.V,v ,/V r J^ I . ar price
1f25 » ttt 73
• Jifi^O^/^NC^Ov cents. You
/v^- 7^m/^ ; i C > vs. know what
/^^»* '/'^^^^ Rogers ware
A\vS»-i*.\ x e r * '"."'^^^ Your choice
//• \>y • p *^.\j' i> +£//'• t> of all of our
U \ VS* *j**-*?"yr \} Finest Gold-
-1 \\^C ? ~~r^t'Zrf " Hned : Quad-
V •'•A* xVV^*^/* V ruple Plate
■_> :*\ * ■-■*il-7r- : '\-' Napkin kings
■1 -•* ', \> n. ♦■ ri tf^f " guaranteed
> Sl* >**"ri *" 4S ■ the -- best, for
3 9>*^ 35 cents, reg
ular prices
/gh $1, 85c and
f• ' " - K}V" —^^* , 75c. These
•■ ' . -cy .' Si , are for grown
- ' . -. "** * .folks. Mon-
day, Tutsday and Wednesday only.
THAT BIG CHINA STORE .
A Quarter of a Block Below Shr eve's,
WANGENHEIM, STERNHEin & Cp. t
528 and 530 Market St.,
27 and 29 Sutter St.
BELOW .MONTGOMERY.
ft GRAND OPENING OF |Sj |
fit SPRING AND SUMMER -@ |
(» STYLES V. ■■»■
f& Stop paying extravagant prices • ij^ \
JP©. for your clothes ! You can get ,04 i
Stylish, Perfect-fitting Garments made to !
order fay JOE FCHEIM, the Tailor, at ;
Of PER CENT LESS than
.'.■^2vJ v any other house on the
; -l^J^T-; Pacific Coast* . Jbfr
Business Suits, $13.50 to $25 $rf .
(made to order) X; ' '
day Worsted, $17.50 to $40 &S^L
French Pique, 20 to 45 HL
Ail-Wool Pants, 4 to 6HH
I Dress Pants,' 6 to 10 ]|||jK|g|
Stylish Overcoats, 15 to 35 WjSBB
My Suits from $ 7.50 to $35 I WKr
cannot be beat in the world for « I wuH
stylish cut, best of workman- liSlTj
ship, trimmings, and quality. lira SIR
Joe Poheim II |
'The Tailor' 7t?^ ;
has no competitor in fine tailoring at mode**
ate prices. Perfect fit guaranteed, or no sale.
201 & 203 Montgomery St., Cor. Bush,
;•;: 724 Market Street. • : .
; JJJO & \\\2 Market Street
* " . San Francisco, Cal. -: ■ ■
".■;."■ .'. ■ . -. IRON BEDS,'; '■
l^y ■■ BRASS BEDS,
7^T^v;v:.:i: FOLDING BEDS'
„- Wire and Hair 51 at-
-'. " tresses, Reclining'!
Chairs, Wheel -Chair*, 1 j
til 1 ' II -■ • . . ' Vommodes, Back Keass i i
; , 111 l k ftTTttflf " ■ W. A. SCHROCK,
r ' _.i 1 i tst jl>
M < I ■■ ..^^ Siiaa .-Sew Montgomery
.V : ***I ••■ . : ■ St.. under Oraad
... , ■ ■ -■■;•■ : -. ', Hotei, H. F. ■■ . - ,
to her neighbor loud enough to reach the
ears of the writer: "The very idea of tak
ing a baby out in such a storm," aDd fin
is ed her sentence with a shrug of her
shoulders, wbich meant more than she
said.
But baby was wrapped up snug and
warm in a blanKet, and its mother, heed
less of what her neighbors might think,
began to unroll the quaint covering to see
how his diminutive majesty was getting
on. Everybody in the car was watching
her with looks of mingled disapproval and
curiosity. She finally got the roll undone
so that Mr. Baby's face became visible.
And such a face as it was! There was
probably never a more completely sur
prised set of people in that streetcar be
fore. Baby- was a real beauty of the sort
that is apparent to somebody else besides
the mother. Such eyes, such dimples,
and, withal,' such a bright, healthy, smil
ing face in all probability will never light
up a similar occasion.
Baby's appearance worked like a magic
charm on the rest of the passengers. As
soon as his face was uncovered lie took a
survey of the passengers about him with
owlish gravity. Then, as if struck by some
highly ludicrons idea in the contempla
tion of the scene, he burst into a great fit
of baby laughter. He chirruped and
chuckled and kicked up his heels in such
high glee that inside of a minute he had
the entire car on bis side. The scowling
looks had all disappeared as if by masric
and people forgot all about the disagree
able weather outside arid their uncomfort
able surroundings within and joined with
baby in a broad smile at the novel situ
ation. Somehow that baby's genuine,
healthy and spontaneous trood spirits had
for the time put an entirely new phase
on life with all who saw him. — Washing
ton Star.
THE L.AST WOKD.
Who hag not felt a magic power,
t That through the heart has stirred,
As memory brings back the hour .- *
And the last parting word?
A mother from her son must part.
While tears course down the cheek,
He turns to clasp her to his heart,
The last fond word to speak.
And though they never may meet again,
Ere she sleeps with the dead,"
His heart her image will retain
And last kind word she said.
A brother (ere he leaves to roam)
A sister's voice will check ,
To twine again the arms at home <
, Around the loved one's neck.
Amid the busy scenes of life
■ Her form he can descry,
Rising from out the din and strife
A sister's last good-by.
The lover from his mistress turns,
But ere he galas the door
She calls him back: her spirit yearn*
For just one sweet word more.
Heaven looks down with eyes so bright!
• While to his heart she's pressed.
Of all the loving .words that night .
The last one was the best.
And so It is, with old or young, i .
Memory may recall
* Tee la*t word trembles on the tongne
With loving wish for all.
And when, beside the couch of death,
Imploring accents seek,
■ Oh, God! to stay the fleeting breath ,
J ust one more word to speak.
In vain, in vain, the die is cast,
■ The fondest ties are riven; ' :
But when this troubled life is past ;
No parting words in heaven.
. . — Hamilton.
Musical Items.
The minister. Parson Downycouch, was
at dinner with the Chaffie family. Johnnie
spoke up and said :
"Can a church whistle?"
"Why do you ask, Johnnie?" asked the
clergyman, kindly.
"Because pa owes twelve dollars back
pew rent and he says he is going to let the
church whistle for it."
After the clergyman bad taken his de
parture there was a vocal solo by Johnnie.
—Texas Sifter.
The games of dominoes, chess, baccarat
and lansquenet have come from China and
are very old, being traceable as far back as
two or three thousand years before tha
Christian era.
\ ' TOW TO-DAT.
HEADQUARTERS FOR:
BICYCLE GARMENTS.
J33D13 OCJJHL
NOBBY BICYCLE SUITS
FOR 1896.
For Ladies, Gents and Children
[ The styles will interest, pleas« and sur-
prise yon.
. THJCY LOOK WELL. _
1 v THEY. WEAK WELL.
I They Give Perfect Satisfaction.
WE SHOW~STYLES IN
SWEATERS
That Cannot Be Seen Anywhere Else.
I WE SHOW~
i E?erythiDg That a Rider Wants From
Cap to Leggins.
OUR PRICES
ARE THE LOWEST.
See-bur Exhibit at the Cycle Show,
. Booth 36.
. illustrated Catalogue and Price List mailed free
npon application. ' . .-. >~*gj|gjsg^g3ag9ggMj
NEWMAN & LEVIHSON,
135, i 137. 129, 131 KearnySt.
1 Branch Store "43 and 744 Market 8t»
1920
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDQE,
Editor and Proprietor. j
SUBSCRIPTION RATES- Free:
Tally and Sunday Call, one r.eck, by carrier.. $0.15
pilly and Sunday Call, one year, by mail 6.00
Daily and Sunday Cali, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Pally and Sunday CAXX, three months by mall 1.50
rail}- and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .65
Bntday Call, one year, by mail 1.60
Weekly Call, one year, by mai1..... .. I*W
BUSINESS OFFICE:
■JIO Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone .^^ .....Maln-1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone .^^ Maln-1574
BRANCH OFFICES :
6SO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open nntU
t:3O o'clock.
839 Hayes street; open until 9-30 o'clock.
713 Larkia street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
b\V . corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open '
until 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
116 Math street ; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE:
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Booms SI and 32, 34 Park Row. New York City.
DAVID M. i'OLTZ, Special Agent. .
SUXDAY MARCH 8. 1896 |
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL. !
In honest politics there is party har
mony.
There was a cold day for us once, but
there is sunshine now.
Skies are brightening, crops are ripening
and politics is doing both.
In political whist the game must be won
by honors and not by tricks.
Spring has shaken winter from her lap
and begun to till it with flowers.
As the Sunday rest comes to you with
out cost you can afford to take it easy.
To the questions of Senator Morgan the
replies of Mr. Huntineton don't answer.
The Republican State Committee should
meet again and start off on the other foot.
However hot it may be in politics there
i? always a comfortable place in it fora
cool man.
Ti.e time is coming when the bicycle
race will be very nearly synonymous with
the human race.
It is true, Republican politics started a
little bit wrong in this campaign, but it is
going right now.
The next thing Europe knows King
Menelek may proclaim a Monroe doctrine
for Central Africa.
There is no instance on record of any
woman who abstained during Lent from
thoughts of Easter bonnets.
If we do not see a grand sight at the
Lng of the Sutro baths it will not be
from any lack of a good spectacle.
As at present disclosed the results of the
Oriental war are glory fcr Japan, reform
for China, and the stakes for Russia.
It is evident the students of Spanish
universities are sadly in need of something
like a football game in which to let off
steam.
In the coming campaign Republican har
mony will furnish the tunes to which the
people will keep step in their march to
victory.
Congress has loaded up the administra
tion cart with Cuban resolutions, but the
executive donkey has laid his ears ba<_k
and won't budi?e.
By and by the monopoly will learn that
corruption wins not more than honesty,
and then if it does not repent it will at
least feel sorry for itself.
Dr. Brown's commendation of The Call
for giving fair reports of his trial will be
indorsed by the public. Truth-speaking
is popular with all classes.
All divisions of the Republican part}'
are coming together, and, what is more,
tbey are making their reunion on a plat
form broad enough for all without crowd
ing.
King Menelek has demonstrated to the
world tnat as soon as a race learns to use
modern rifles it ceases to be barbarian and
its lands are no longer subject to coloniza
tion.
The next instructive surprise Darty i
Europe receives may come from Central
Asia. Tnere a/c good weapons and good
tiphiers over there as well as in Central
Africa.
The latest expectation of the cathode
ray is that it may be so used eventually as
to dispense with the need of vivisection and
thus be made to serve the purposes of
mercy as weil as of science.
Dr. Jordan's statement that intellect is
superior to instinct inasmuch as it is "an
ability to make a choice" leaves us decid
edly up a tree when we get into a position
where there isn't any choice.
The effect produced in Europe by the
news from Abyssinia shows that a battle
blow struck in any quarter of the globe
makes the war drums throb from the
steppes of .Russia to the British isles.
If science asserts, as Dr. Jordan says,
that freedom of the will comes under the
same category as the free kiss, Mrs.
Grundy is going to have her opinion of
science after this and keep an eye on it.
Russell Sage has been required to pay
$40,000 to the man who saved his life, but
it must not be assumed that the jury es
timated Sage's life to be worth that much.
It was on the injury clone to the other fel
ow that the estimate of damage was based.
Some schemers in New York are trying
to get an act through the Legislature* re
quiring a proof of criminal intent in pros
ecutions for the sale of adulterated milk,
as if there were any proof needed that a
man who has slop milk for sale intends
to sell it.
In saying the Pacific Coast would rather
have a representative in the Cabinet than
in the Vice- Presidency Mr. Harrison Gray
Otis is ripht. It is a characteristic of the
men of the "West that they would at all
times rather be in the band-wagon than
standing round waiting for a funeral.
The death of Prince Hanry of Battenberg
is said to have occasioned in England a
widespread discussion on malarial dis
eases, and, as a result, it is more than
likely such au increase of knowledge will
be pained that the life of many a poor man
will be saved because of the death of the
Prince.
TEE " STATE COMMITTEE.
The confusion resulting from the recent
I meeting of the Republican State Central
j Committee seems to render it necessary
that another meeting should be held at an
early date. This result comes not so much
: from wdat was done as from what was
! left undone. The vacancy caused by the
J death of Mr. Boruck is to be filled, the de
tails of the apportionment of delegates to
i the State Convention are to be fixed, and
other matters of a somewhat similar na
ture are to be attended to.
A careful consideration of all the cir
i cumstances of the situation has led to a
i general agreement on the conclusion that
the best and promptest way to find relief
! from the confusion that prevails is to have
the State Committee meet again and re
, vise its work. That plan offers an easy
; means of settling all doubts concerning
; the situation by submitting them to the
■ highest authority of the party in the State.
In response to this feeling which has
been brought to the attention of the com
mittee it is very likely that the proposed
meeting will be called without delay. Such
at any rate is the outlook at present and
to the party generally it will be gratifying.
This is a Republican year and must there
fore be a year of Republican harmony and
unity. Any step that tends to that end
will be good, and loyal Republicans will
approve whatever plan most speedily
brings organization out of confusion and
replaces argument by action.
THE CLIMAT.E UNCHANGED.
A favorite belief cherished by some of
the unthinking among us is that the cli
mate of San Francisco is "not what it
used to be" and that the winters are grow
ing colder. This can be true only because
the sun may be steadily falling into de
crepitude or the axis of the earth is going
astray, and if that is so then the climate of
the whole world is growing delirious. The
least knowledge of the causes wnich pro
duce our climate will convince even the
most thoughtless that it is a physical im
possibility for the climate of San Francisco
to have undergone any appreciable change
whatever since its acquisition by the civil
ized world and that it would be a physi
cal impossibility for human ingenuity to
measure any change that could occur in a
period short of millions of years.
The sole reason for this is that our cli
mate is absolutely independent of changes
possible to the hand of man. It is con
ceivable that the climate of a city situated
in the midst of a vast region of forest
might be affected by the destruction of the
trees, for extensive forests have a definite
effect on thermal and other conditions,
but in this locality the climate is manu
factured by a gigantic machinery so
vast in its organization and so stupen
dous in its force as to be incapable of
change by any conceivable human inter
ference.
The crude material of our climate is
produced by the Pacific Ocean, itself an
exceedingly complei machine for the
manufacture of climate, and its ally is the
trade winds. For the purpose of present
ing us with the best material which it has
at hand, the work of our ocean begins at
the tropic* and ends in Bering Sea, and by
a very wise and nice adjustment of these
extremes, employing immense and unal
terable currents in the process, it gives an
admixture of the two in such a way as to
abolish both summer and winter at San
Francisco. Thus the great Japan current,
bearing the warm water of the south,
flows northwardly along the eastern coast
of Asia, swings across the ocean toward
us, takes in some of the coid water coming
down from the Arctic sea, and then turns
southward and flows down our coast.
That is a gigantic scheme, and its ef
ficiency is heightened by the trade winds.
When all this raw material for climate is
thrown against our coast it encounters an
other stupendous and independently act
ing machine in the shape of great moun
tain ranges separating the coast from the
main body of the continent. These, work
ing in connection with great air currents,
generated over broad areas, manufacture
the raw material of the ocean and trade
winds into the graceful finished product
which makes life in California a luxury.
It will be observed that the conditions
under which our climate is produced are
as stable in their working as anything on
this earth can- be. Not until the trade
wind* are degraded to doldrums, the Pa
cific Ocean dried up and the mountain
ranges of the western coast are leveled
need we exnect the least change in the
climate of San Francisco.
KAILHOAD FIGURES.
A number of years a^o, when the Cen
tral Pacific was the servant of the public
instead of its master and tyrant, Charles
Norflhoff, the well-known descriptive
writer, wrote a long and manifestly in
spired article for Horp»r's Monthly, in
which, among other things, he asserted
that the total contribution of the firm of
Huntington, Hopkins & Co. to the railroad
building fund was $30,000. Then Mr.
Nordhofl went on to show how bonds,
suDsidiee, donations and subscriptions
were bestowed upon the road, and how
the business talent and sagacity of the in
corporators were displayed i:i securing the
construction of sucu an immense under
taking with the outlay of so little indi
vidual capital.
The question arises if Mr. Nordhoff Knew
the figures of original investment so well
when he wrote his article — and, obviously,
they must have been supplied to him—
how does it happen that C. P. Hunting
ton is, or professes himself to be, unable
to tell what his original investment was?
In reply to a series of questions put by
Senator Morgan, Mr. Huntington said he
could not tell how much he and Hopkins
had put into the building of the Central
Pacific, but the contributions embraced
money, real estate and merchandise. He
could not say how much, but it was con
siderable; always enough to pay the debts
when they became due.
What a shifty, evasive and unconscion
able rascal this man must be. To pretend
that he does not know how much he or his
firm was worth when the railroad project
was set on foot, or how much the firm
put into the enterprise, is as unlikely as
that one »hould forget his own home or
the place of his birth. There ara some
thincs that cannot be forgotton, and when
the partners in a hardware firm in tbe
then little city of Sacramento took their
money out of the business and put It into
railroad building, be it much or little, it is
impossible that the amount 80 diverted
could escape the memory of any party to
the transaction, unless he had softening of
the brain or some cognate form of brain
lesion.
Collis P. Huntington refuses to remem
ber because he does not wish to remember.
He knows that his enormous personal for
tune and the fortune of his associates
sprang from tbe v<*ry smallest beginnings,
and that from the very start the plan and
scheme was to get something for nothing,
aad never to pay a debt until the last ex
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MABCH 8, 1896.
tremity was reached. When he told Sena
tor Morgan that he was doing the best he
could, and that ho must be given the
credit of being honest in his replies, he
knew perfectly well he was saying the
thing that is not, and there is every reason
to believe that he did not deceive Senator
Morgan for a moment. Whatever may be
the fate of the funding bill, C. P. Hunt
ington will have «one upon record as a
man wholly unworthy of belief, and one
to whom the sanctity ol an oath is as
meaningless as the blowing of the wind.
Perjury is a harsh term, but when a wit
ness displa5 r s such a remarkable and as
tounding lack of memory as Mr. Hunting
ton has done, it comes perilously near an
offense which is covered by the criminal
law, and is justly held in reprobation in
all law-abiding communities.
THE YOSEMITE EOAD.
The announcement that a strong com
pany composed of responsible San Fran
cisco capitalists has been formed to con
struct a steam railroau from Merced up
the Merced River to the Yosemite Valley
will be welcome news to Californians in
particular and the tourist world in gen
eral. The present 60-mile stage road from
Berenda to the valley means a long, weari
some and expensive trio and the cessation
of travel during the greater part of the
year. The projected railroad, running on
a much lower level, will be easily kept
free from snow, and will be operated all
the year at a cost to travelers very much
less than the present. Besides this it will
tap the mother lode and pass through one
of the richest gold-mining, timber and
scenic sections of California.
Comparatively few persons have ever
beheld the winter glories of the Yosemite.
The valley is so much lower than the stage
road by which it is reached that by the
time the road is open for travel every
vestige of the winter wonders of the valley
has passed, and long before the season has
closed the splendid waterfalls have dwin
dled to insignificant ribbons. More than
that, the greatest number of transient vis
itors in California come to spend the
winter months and must return without a
view of this incomparable natural wonder.
Those who have seen the marvelous ice
formations at Niagara Falls may form a
faint conception of the strange beauties
which the Yosemite takes on in thp cold
season. Hardy photographers, willing to
remain prisoners in the valley through the
winter, have given us pictures of these
marvels, and they almost surpass credi
bility. Prodigious icicles, mystical tiir
reted castles, solemn domes, echoing ice
caverns and a thousand other grotesque
formations possible to rivers plunging over
a great chasm nearly a mile in depth, are
the ordinary accompaniments of the win
ter months, and the scene is infinitely
varied by the abundant trees and smaller
plants decorated with the freezing mists
which issue from the falls. With the
opening of spring and the melting of the
vast fields of snow on the contieuous
mountain heights the rivers become tre
mendous torrents and in falling present a
sight of unparalleled grandeur. The win
ter aspect of the valley is immeasurably
more impressive and unearthly than the
summer and wholly different.
A common explanation of the absence
of adequate and economical means of
reaching the valley is that if it i 3 made too
convenient of access it will cease to be re
garded as a wonderful thing that every one
must see. That has not been the expe
rience with Niagara. On the contrary,
the railroads have produced an enormous
and steadily increasing travel and caused
the erection of numerous great hotels for
the accommodation of visitors. That,
surely, will be the result at Yosemite.
For there is only one Yosemite; nothing
can degrade it. and its opening to the
world will add immeasurably to the fame
and progress of California.
AN INCORRECT ' REPORT.
Two German newspapers, Germnnia and
Die Deutsche Warte, published at Mil
waukee and enjoying a large circulation
among Germans, who are very numerous
in the Northwest, contained on the 15th
ult. a letter from a California correspond
ent, written in response to a request to in
vestigate and report upon the merits of a
German colony scheme which has been
projected in Nevada Count}- on the narrow
gauge railroad connecting Colfax anc 1
Grass Valley, The letter so grossly mis
represents that section and the fruit in
dustry of California and is calculated to
work so serious harm to the State that it
cannot be permitted to pass unnoticed.
The Call is not in possession of any
direct information concerning the parti
cular colony concerned, but it has a general
knowledge of that region, of the fruit in
dustry and of the successful working of
colonies in California. The assertions
made by the letter are in brief these: That
the land in the colony is not worth $40 an
acre; that in the winter heavy storms of
rain ana snow occur, the snow seven years
ago having fallen to the depth of eight or
ten feet; that ten acres in fruit cannot
support a family, as the people of the sec
tion have their own fruit trees; that spe
cially favorable situations are required for
growing late vegetables: that in winter
the thermometer ranges from 18 to 28
degrees above zero; that the correspond
ent does not see how a town in the pro
posed locality can exist, as "the fruit
business in the whole State is very rotten
and does not pay many farmers the ex
penses"; that Grass Valley and Nevada
City can exist only through gold mining,
which the correspondent thinks is a most
excellent business for persons or com
panies with capital. He winds up with a
warning to avoid colonization schemes.
Of all the farmers who have established
themselves in California the Germans have
been the most successful. They seem pos
sessed of a special order of intelligence
that enables them to accomplish wonder
ful results, and they can prosper on a
smaller tract of land than any other
people. This letter ignores that fact, and
does the race an injustice thereby. It
attempts to create the impression that
only a home maritet for fruit exists, de
liberately or In ignorance ignoring the
fruit unions. that handle fruit in the East-
em market and the further fact that only
a small part of the product is intended for
local consumption. It is true that the
fruit industry has been under a cloud, but
that was Decause of the lack of intelligent
co-operation in seeking an Eastern market.
This machinery is constantly expanding
and improving.
It is a gross misstatement of fact to say
that the fruit business of California is
•'rotten." Even in its temporarily de
pressed condition it is far more profit
able than any kind of farming in any
other part of the United States, and is re
garded as poor simply because the enor
mou? profits of a few years ago have been
greatly reduced ; but they will be surely
restored in considerable measure. The
foothill region of the Sierra has only re
cently begun to be developed for fruit
growing, and It is found to give astonish
ing results. Hardly any irrigation is
required, lands are as yet comparatively
cheap, and the brightest prospects await
those who engage in the industry.
"With regard to colonies, it may be said,
in a general way, that the price of land
within them must always be higher than
that of outside lands for many reasons,
including easy terms to purchasers, heavy
expenditures for the community interest
and other items of expense. . The fact that
the price of colony lands is comparatively
high has no value unless many other fac
tors, including the honesty of the man
agers, is taken into account.
THE RAISIN INDUSTRY.
The raisin-growers of Fresno have at last
realized that there is something wrong in
the discrepancy between the prices at
which their raisins are gold to Eastern
consumers and the amount received by the
growers. It is evident the condition of the
industry could be greatly improved by
turning this discrepancy to the benefit of
the growers, and that is what they are now
attempting to do. Of course the only way
to do this is to organize. Many attempts
to accomplish that end have been made in
the past, but there has been heretofore a
failure to make the agreement binding on
nil the members. The new plan obviates
that difficulty completely, for it is based
on the idea which has made the associa
tion of winemakers co strong, raised the
prices of their product about 100 per cent
and insured a sufficient market with com
paratively small expense in reaching it.
The plan consists in incorporating the
growers, pooling the raisins, establishing
one central head for controlling and mar
keting it and abolishing the consignment
plan. This does away with middlemen
and commissions. The raisins are to be
graded by the central body and the pro
ceeds of bales are to constitute a common
fund, to be distributed in proportion to
grade and quantity. Losses, if any, are
to be similarly shared. An excellent fea
ture of the plan is to make advances when
needed on the delivery of the crop. This
will assist picking and the other expenses.
Likely it was the early prospect of the
Valley road that gave the growers heart to
lift their heads and strike for the prosper
ity which the Southern Pacific monopoly
has prohibited them from enjoying. The
burdensome charges which have been
levied were not confined to the rates which
the growers had to pay on their product,
but of course extended" to their supplies
and labor. By reason of these exorbitant
charges and a low import tariff it has
been impossible for some years for the
growers to make any money out of what
should have been one of the most profit
able industries in California, ana it was
this hopeless condition of affairs that
largely explains the inability of the grow
ers to effect a strong combination in the
past.
The advent of the Valley road will
put an entirely different complexion on
the industry. Fresno will be enabled
thereby to reach tidewater and the ocean,
and tnat means an exemption to a large
extent from the transportation burdens
which it has borne in the past. The pros
pects are that the Valley road will reach
Fresno in ample time to handle the entire
raisin crop of this year. But it is not
alone the raisin-growers who will receive
the benefit. The outlook for Fresno is ex
ceedingly flattering, and there is every in
dication that it will resume the incom
parable prosperity of a few years ago.
PERSONAL.
J. Lamson of Shanghai It at the Palace.
J. W. Drysdale oi San Jose is in tne City.
Judge S. S. Holt of Sacramento is in town.
Judge S. F. Geil of Salinas is at the Occiden
tal.
P. H. Mack, an attorney of Inyo County, is at
the Russ.
B. F. Tillinghast, of Davenport, lowa, has ar
rived here.
F. D. James, a business man of Japan, Is
quartered at the Palace.
W. R. Louttit of Stockton, ex-Deputy Btate
Treasurer, is i« the City.
Ex-Judga J. M. Wallinc of Nevada City is
among recent arrivals bore.
C. C. Prouty, a leading resident of Dcs
Moines, lowa, is at the Occidental.
John A. Schmidt and wife, Charles Stegmalre
and Peter Forne, all of Wilkes Barre, Pa., are
at the Grand.
11. F. Alien, the grocer and commission mer
chant, left on the Monovrai yesterday for a
visit to Honolulu.
L. S. Ainsworth, Mrs. Ainsworth and Miss
Ainsworth, who have been here for several
weeks, will leave lor their home in Portland
to-morrow.
Captain J. E. Ilansen, who has long been
connected with the Alaska Commercial Com
pany, and who has been running one of the
steamers in northern waters, returned here
yesterday, after an absence of several months
in Europe.
Among the arrivals at the Palace last night
was a party consisting of General A. R. T.
Dawson of Deadwood; E. W. Giddings Jr., a
leading business man of Cripple Creek, and
William Lamox and Alton L. Dickerman,
wealthy residents of Colorado Springs, who are
interested in Cripple Creek mining.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, N. V., March 7.— Among recent
arrivals are: Z. Eldredge, Windsor; C. F. yon
Bergen, Morton; G. Chamberlain, Plaza; E. A.
Gamble, Coleman; H. R. Piuhl, Gilsey.
HUMOR OF THE HOUR.
''Every man should give his wife a regular
and liberal allowance," he said righteously.
"Yes," wae> the reply. "It gives a man some
place to go and borrow between salary days."—
Washington Star.
kittle Boy— Please, I want the doctor to come
and see mother.
Doctor's Servant— Doctor 1 ! out. Where do
you come from?
Little Boy— What! don't yon know met Why,
we deal with you; we had a baby from here
last week.— Londou Tit-Bits.
Bridegroom— My friend Meekes says he Is
afraid you didn't like his wedding present
Bride— Certainly I dldl Why, I kept it a whole
month before I exchanged it.— Puck.
A member of a rural school board visited a
school under his jurisdiction. When asked to
make "a few remarks" he said: "Well,
children, you reads well and you spells well,
but you hain't Bot still."— Harper's Bazaar.
"I hear that you have stopped calling upon
Miss Roxy," said one Piitsburg young man to
another.
"Yes; the old man kicked about it," was the
reply.
"I wouldn't mind that."
"But you don't jenow the weight ol his
foot."— Pittsburg Chronicle- Telegraph.
"What is a good way to attract attention?"
"One of the best ways I know is to leave the
front door of a streetcar open on a chilly
day."— Detroit Free l'ress.
"Tommy, do you ever play hookey?"
"No'm; I can't."
"Why can't you?"
"Teacher boards at oar house."— Chicago
Record.
"Madge, what is a Lenten mustcale?"
"It is a concert where the music is so bad
that it drives the audience to seek religious
consolation."— Chicago Record.
"Who generally gets the last word when one
of your conventions gets into an argumeut?"
And the lady orator locked pityingly at the
masculine inquirer, and answered:
"There isn't any last work.'— Washington
Star.
"Fannie, I have told you time and again not
to speak when older persons were talking, but
wait until they stop."
"I've tried that already, mamma. They never
stop. "-Texas Sifter.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
D. T. Davies, general manager of the noted
Carbonado coal mines, at the town of Car
bonado in the Cascade Mountains of Washing
ton, is at the Palace.
These important mines belong to the Pacific
Improvement Company. They are near the
Carbon Ri*er, one of the wildest at certain
seasons of the yeftr in that region of country.
The river has its rise among the glaciers in
the vicinity of grim Mount Tacoma. The coal
lies in enormous beds, and is of unusual qual
ity. Several hundred men are constantly em
ployed there.
Mr. Davies has had charge of the mines for
D. T. Davies, the Widely Known Manager of the Big Carbonado Coal Mines.
[Sketched from life by a " Call " artist.}
over' a dozen years. His home for some time
past has been at Tacoma, where the coal is
brought by rail for shipment on the Pacific
Improvement Company's steamers.
The veteran miner has acquired a considera
ble fortune, partly by reason of investments in
Tacoma town lots, when Washington was a
Territory and Tacoma scarcely able to be dig
nified by the name of a town.
He was at the Palace yesterday conferring
with his friend, S. B. Doty of trie Pacific Im
provement Company. Jack Doolittle of the
Gonld & Doolittle mine and others joined
them and they held quite a levee, for several
of them had not met for a long while.
Mr. Paries is down on a business trip. He
will remain several days. He is widely known
over the coast.
The Carbonado River is at certain seasons
filled with salmon and as bears are fairly
abundant in the neighboring woods they feast
on the salmon, literally, according to the
stories of the pioneers, lifting them from the
river with their paws, so plentiful are the fish.
MAKING HIS PILE.
Early and late he's a-worklng —
Says that's his naiurul style.
He wasn't cut out ri«ht for shirking;
And they say he's a making his pile.
"Married, of course," r snßeested,
"With babies to rlimb on his kueeT"
"No: too many dollars invested —
He's never had leisure, you see.
"No hand for sports— lsn't active;
And ask him to go to the play.
And he'U say it's mighty attractive,
He'd be glad to— on some other day.
'•And suppose yon suggest that he's losing
I The joys that make living worth while;
He declares your Idea.) arc amusing
And asks: 'Ain't 1 making my pile?
" 'No wife to disDUte my dominion,
No children to go to the bad :
Give me cash, in my humble opinion,
The best friend a man ever had.'
"If you speak of the pleasures of giving,
Up puts on a cynical smile.
And remarks that 'you'll learn more by living.'
Poor fool! — but he's making his pile."
I'rank Putnam in Chicago Times-Herald.
CALIFORNIA'S OLDEST FLORIST.
The first florist to arrive in California during
the height of the gold excitement was Edward
Ralner. That was in 1852, and he is still liv
ing in this City at the corner of Folsom and
Twentieth streets. He is a hale and hearty
man nearly 75 years of age, and entirely
wrapped up in his business. In fact, it was
his love for his business that resulted in his
coming to California. He was born in Ger
many of well-to-do parents, and after receiving
a flrst-cla^s education, including a special
course In botany, was appreuticed fo a florist
in Berlin. After his time was up he was given
charge of the estate of a prominent Ger
man nobleman, and he did bis work so
well that in less than a year he
Edward Roiner.
[Sketched from lijc by a "Call" artist.]
was made overseer of the Government Botanical
Gardens in Berlin. He studied his work care
fully «nd made several trips for the purpose of
getting new' specimens of trees 'and flowers.
Young Ralner was highly pleased and con
tented with his lot, but one day was horrified
to learn that he had been drafted to serve four
years in the army. The idea of war was revolt
ing to his nature, and the service also meant
separation from hie beloved flowers and trees,
which was unbearaDle. He determined to for-
BAke friends and country, and made his escape
to Belgium. There ho had charge of several
large • botanical gardens; and in a few years
went to England. He. worked in the famous
Kew Gardens for over a year, and came to the
United States in 1849. . -■. r^r
Mr. Kainer's first worK iin this country was
laying out the grounds for; Governor Morris'
residence In New York. That took him over a
year, after which j he had | several | other pieces
of work and then came to California by way of
the isthmus. • •
When Mr. Rainer arrived in this City in '52
he was surprised to find a great demand for
flowers. - There were ■: a couple of . men in ; the
business, but they simply bold at high prices
such cut flowers as they could buy from the
Mexicans. He saw his opportunity and went
to work systematically to import such trees
and plants as his experience told him would
do well nere. He knew just where to get them
and his first order -was almost a shipload of
rooted trees, slips and feeds. To Mr.
Rainer belongs the credit of introducing
in this State most of the trees and flowers that
were not indigenous, although now quite
common. The beautiful boxwood hedge was
his importation and also the magnolia. He
imported at least a dozen varieties of fruit
trees and a large number of grapevines. In
the way of flowers he brought the first real
camellias here and also tulips, fuschias and
several dozen varieties of roses. For the first
ten years he was here nearly every ship
brought him some new variety of plant. For
everything he broutrht out he found a ready
sale at any price he had a mind to ask. Peo
ple wanted flowers in profusion and wanted
ihem everywhere. At many of the parties
given here between 1855 and 1865 the rooms
would be decorated with thousands of dollars'
worth of flowers.
Besides raisine and selling flowers Mr. Rainer
gave considerable attention to laying out.
private grounds, and could make his own price
for the work. Nearly all the fine gardens in
the City at the time were laid out by him. He
also designed and laid out Captain Weber's
place at Stockton, Flood's place at Menlo Park,
the Kalgton place at Belmont, etc. Mr. Rainer
was the first person to train and trim the
Monterey cypress into a hedge.
Mr. Rainer made as much as $5000 a month
out of his business in the old days, but now, he
says, it don't pay at al'. People don't care for
flowers as they used to. Wealthy men lay out
their gardens in crass, and many ladies never
know what It is to have a fine bouquet.
In nature and disposition Mr. Ranelr is
kindly and gentle, with a strong love for
everything in nature. His nursery out on
Folsom street does not pay him, he says, and
he only cultivates It for the pleasure it gives.
He has had it for tiftecn years, and Ray« he
could not live without his trees and flowers.
He works early and late, and looks upon every
plant as a friend. Even the birds tnat make
their nests in his trees know his feelings for
them, for they are perfectly tame and will fly
down and perch on his shoulder while he is at
work. Mr. Kaneir's face has more the appear
ance of a student's than a workingman's. His
eyes are deep set and thoughtful, and his com
plexion Is bronzed by the sun and wind. He
says he can do as much work as any man, and
all because he has plenty of outdoor exercise.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
REFORM PRESS ASSOCIATION.
MOKE THAN HALF THK STATES REPRESENTED.
RESOLUTIONS PASSED.
The National organization of the editors and
publishers of People's party newspapers,
known as the Reform Press Association, re
cently met at Dallas, Texas, and a majority of
the States were represented. There are now
nearly 2000 Populist papers, quite a number
oi them being dailies. The average weekly
circulation 19 over IGOO, making a total weekly
circulation of a little over 3,000,000. Ab the
campaign opens it is estimated that over 1000
new papers will be started, and by the Fourth
of July it is probable that there will be not less
than 3000 of these papers published, with an
average circulation of 2000, or a total weekly
issue of 0.000.000. Vast numbers of 10-eent
oootlets are sold by these newspapers as pre
miums for subscriptions, and some of the more
notable speeches of Senators and Representa
tives are issued at 1 cent a copy and circulated
by the million.
It will be of interest to the readers of The
Call to have a summary of the resolutions
passed by these editors as an indication of
what they regard a» the most pressing issues
Of the day. Disclaiming any authority to for
mulate a platform, and congratulating the
party "upon the unity and fraternity" of the
Reform Press Association, and expressing their
pride in the "devotion to the principles enun
ciated in the Omaha platform" by all these
newspapers, they thus define their attitude
toward the proposed union of the Populists
with silverites and other reform elements:
"We congratulate the noble rank and file of
the People's party upon the bright prospects
for a union with all the reform forces of the
nation without the sacrifice of a vital princi
ple," and they "look forward to such a union
as the brightest ray of hope for the producers
and voters of the age." They "announce to
the world" that they "are in favor of an hon
orable union," and declare that their "doors
are open to the North, South, East and West,
to all who desire the emancipation of our in
dustries and institutions from the rule of the
British gold power."
On the ballot, the school question and for
eign immigration theysay: "We will continue
to wage a determined fight for a fair ballot and
an honest count, and we are a unit in favor of
Tree schools," and "we unitedly deprecate the
invasion of this country by the pauper labor
of Europe, who drive free and honest American
toilers irom active employment into idleness
want and desperation.'*
They "are proud of the fidelity, integrity and
loyaity ot Populist ""legislators, members oi
Congress and Senators," and "suggest the dis
cussion of the Coxey good roads and non-in
terest bond propositions as an object lesson to
the people in getting money into circulation
by employing the unemployed in making pub
lic Improvements and in abolishing usury"
They urge a complete organization of thepartv
in every precinct in every State, and then say
of silver: -
"We stand uncompromisingly in favor of the
free and unlimited coinage of silver by the Gov
ernment oi the United States at the ratio of 16
to 1 without reference to any other nation on
The next resolution Is of so ranch impor
tance, as indicating the wav in which it mar
be easy to secure a union of' all reform forces
and at tue same time raise a new and vital is!
sue, that I give it in full: iai ls^
Realizing that many of onr demands such
as the income tax, tho referendum, election of
Konators by the people, ownershipof t e leg rflD hs
ana railroads, one term of the President can
not be accomplished without the revision or
nmendment of the Federal constitution and
I If you want a sure relief for -»ains in the back, side, chest, or ,
7 limbs, use an ■
A II COCK S Plaster ]
Bear in Mind— Not one of the host of counterfeits and unit*- '
tions is as good as the genuine. I
tors and neople study and discuss the advisa
bility of 'the St. Louis convention declaring in
favor of a National : constitutional convention
as nrescribed in our Federal constitution.
The spirit which animates these men is
further disclosed by a short resolution which
says"- "In : the name ; of 'humanity and free
eovernment we pledgeour unfaltering fidelity
S SSsrtSSf SU&SMB&
precious interests in their hands M ._ n _
The association was welcomed by the Mayor
of Dallas and the members were received a a
guests on whom every courtesy a hospitable
people could W^»ffffSSSSlAm.
•-. 11 Essex street, San Francisco. * •
SENATOR PERKINS' NAMESAKES.
A Washington gossiper tells how Senator
Perkins of California is in a Heap of trouble,
owing to certain rash promises that he once
made. Fifteen or sixteen years ago he was
elected Governor of California, and a. remark
ably popular sort of Governor he proved to be;
so popular, in fact, that bouncing baby boys
were called by his name in each county. Gov
ernor Perkins heard of every one of these inci
dents. The fond fathers and mothers imagined
the rich young Governor was generously giving
up hundreds of dollars in recognition of all
these compliments. But, instead of settling on
the spot, Mr. Perkins wrote letters to every
pair of proud parents, in which he said all
manner of nice things, nnd ended with a flour*
ish of promises, .as follows: "When George
Perkins Smith is grown let me know, and I will
send him to college." He never imagined that
he was going to be a Senator from California,
with ambitions for re-eieetion, fifteen or six
teen years later. But there he is, and tho*e
letters are earning home to roost. Already
four young men named George Perkins Smith,
Jones or something else have put in their
claims for a college education at the expense
of the former Governor. "I expect there are
twenty or thirty more of them," says the ;ena
tor, "and I'll have to honor their drafts, even
if it bankrupts mo."— New York Tribune.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Mme. Nordica and Mrs. Clara Louise Kellogg
Strakosch are learning to ride the bicycle.
Philadelphia boasts of a successful woman ar
chitect. Mrs. Minerva Parser Kichol is her
name.
Mr. Rudd.ore of the great money kings of
South Africa, is said to be descended from the
alleged father of Louis Philippe. He is proud
of his descent irom Chiappini.
Colonel John S. Cunningham of North Caro
lina is said to be the owner of the largest to
bacco farm in the United States. He hadneariy
3,000,000 hills to cultivate and harvest last
year.
Among the jewels owned by Calve is a
brooch representing & figure of Fame, ■with
jeweled pinions, and the name Victoria in
sapphires passing nround it in a semicircle.
The pin was a gift from the Queen.
Fall River claims the smallest voter In the
United States in the person of James Gardner,
who is only thirty-two inches tall. He was
born in England in 1870 and came to America
in 1880, since when he has worked in a mill at
Fall River.
Stephen Salisbury of Worcester, Mass., has
given $200,000 with which to build a museum
of fine arts in that city. His desire to save the
handsome Worcester Common has induced him
to make offers of several other sites for the
city hall, which the authorities intend to build
on the common.
A London journal asks William E. Gladstone
to give a satisfactory explanation "of his con
stant use of the article 'an' before a vowel
which does not require it on the ground of
euphony— for example, when he writes 99
speaks of 'an unton,' 'an European,' or 'a«
useful place/ etc.'
The little King of Spain had for his lesson
the other flay the mottoes of the different Eu
ropean countries. He got as far as England,
and promptly replied, "Dieu et Mon Droit,"
and then abruptly asked, "What is tho motto
of America ?" Count Z , who happened to
be in the room at the time, answered, "Dieu et
Mon roe."
The London Athenseum says that Faifessor
Cowell ol Cambridge, who has just completed
his seventieth year, was presented on his
birthday with his portrait, which had been
painted at the cost of fifty-six of his old pupils
ana others who in maturer years have con
tinued to work with him at any of the many
languages— Sanskrit, Persian, Pali, Old Welsh,
to say nothing of Italian and Spanish— in
which he is thoroughly versed.
AN ATTRACTIVE SHIRT WAIST.
The high turnover collar is a stylish feature
of this season's shirt waists. The one showa
above has a pointed yokeback, the fullness in
front being gathered into the collar-band.
When detachable collars are desired the neck U
Mmply finished with a straight banfl an lneh
wide when made: thl9 is supplied with buttcn*
holes, corresponding buttonholes Leing made
in the collar.
The cult's can be arranged in the same way.
There i* a fancy for different cuffs and collars
to be worn with one waist. These may Da
white, pink, blue, or any color that lancy dic
tates to harmonize with the figured good!
which is chosen for many waists this season.
Some of the handsomest waists are made of
all-over embroidered batiste. The detachable
stiff cuffs and collars may be left off and sub
stituted by a soft crush collar of ribbon.
E. H. Biack, painter, 120 Eddy street. •
California glace fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, 15c to 4oc. 81l{4th, nr.
barber. Sundays, 733 Market (Kastshoestore).*
Sfkcial information daily to raanufacturori.
business houses and public men by the PraM
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Monr^omary.
Mrs. Yeast— l understand our minister is go
ing to preach a sermon on bicycle- riders next
Sunday.
Mr. Yeast— l suppose he'll call it the "Sermon
on the Mount!"— Yonkers Statesman.
To Impart strenitth, purify the blood and to give
a feeling of health ami vigor throughout the sys
tem, there is nothing equal to Hood's fearsaparilla.
Take only Hood's this spring.
DR. Siegebt's -Angostura Bitters, Indorsed by
physicians and chemists for purity and whole
somenesv _ . ' ■ '
If afflicted with sore eyes use Dr. Isaac Thomp.
son's ye Water. Imigglsts sell It at 25 cents.Books
and
Bookmakers.
INSTANTANEOUS photography, espe- I
cially that branch of it known as I
chronophotography, has already won
for itself a recognized position !
among the methods of scientific
research, and in tbe near future
it is probable that it will be even more
generally appreciated. Marey and May
bridge are regarded as the two pioneers of
the method; the works of the latter,
n in English and published in
America, have been lon^ within the reach
of all who can read the English language ;
the other hand the works of Marey
have been for the most part inaccessible to
■those who are unfamiliar with French.
Fur that reason Eric Pritchard, M.A., ob
tairip.i permission to translate Professor
E. J. Marey' s work, "Le Mouvement."
This is one oi the most recent and impor
■ üblications of tne eminent French
i ist and physiologist, and it is claimed
the most comprehensive summary
hitherto published of the results and pos
sibilities of instantaneous photography.
The book, "Muuvement," which has been
issued in the International Scientific,
i? not only full of interest for both special
ist and general reader, but jb replete with
Eue-gestiveness of new lines of research.
Professor Marey, in hispreiace, remarks
that the graj.inc method, with its various
developments, has been of immense ser
vice to almost every branch of science, and
The Photographic Gun.
[Reproduced from '• Movement."]
consequently many improvements have of
late been effected. Laborious statistics
have been replaced by diagrams in which
the variations of a curve express in a most
striking manner the several phases of a
patiently observed phenomenon; and,
further, a recording apparatus, which
works automatically, can trace the curve
of a physical or "physiological event,
which, bi reason of its slowness, its fee
jg oTits rapidity, is otherwise inacces
sible to observation. Sometimes, however,
a curve which represents the phases of a
phenomenon is found so misleading that
another and more serviceable method —
namely: that of chronophotography—
has been invented. Professor Marey has
b en afforded unique opportunities for car
rying on his investigations by the physio
logical station endowed by the French Re
and by the city of Paris. In com
paring the locomotion of various species
of animals he has studied each under the
natural conditions essential to success—
fish in fresh water or marine aquariums;
insects in open air; and man, quadrupeds
and birds in wide spaces in which their
movements are unfettered. The develop
ment of the new methods of analyzing
movement could never have proceeded
within tbe confined space of a physiolog
ical laboratory. Marey demonstrates that
photography will permit the exact meas
urement of "time intervals, and that pho
tography can also reproduce the trajectory
of a body moving in space, and it follows
that, if the two motions of time and space
can be combined in photographic images,
a chronophotographic method has been
instituted which explains all the factors
Three Series of Images to Demonstrate the Corresponding Position of the Bird,
- When Taken From Three Different Points of Views.
[Reproduced from " Movement."]
in a movement which it is the desire to
understand. It also affords a very simple
experimental solntion of certain very com
plicated mechanical problems. The whole
question of "mechanics" is based on a
knowledge of the movement which is im
parted to a mass, for from the movement
the force which produces it can be measured
The book contains over 200 illustrations,
nnd among the subjects outlined are: Hu
man movements from the point of view of
kinetics, certain movements in man from
the point of view of dynamics, locomotion
in man from an' artistic point of view. 10
--romotion of quadrupeds and of aquatic
animals, aerial locomotion, flight of birds
and insects, and the acientific applications
of chronophotography. [New Yortc: D.
Appleton & Co. For sale by \\ lUiam
Doxey; price $1 75.]
BTONEPASTUKE9.
Eleanor Stuart is the author of a short
novel, "Stonepastures." She writes like a
novice In the realm of fiction. The plot of
the story in question is not developed with
remarkable cleverness, although some oi
the incidents are oddly interesting. Es
raying the Swedish dialect, she makes the j
{Scandinavian heroine discourse in the
style of the "down-East Yankee" of the
melodrama rather than like a countryman
of Ole Oleson. Stonepastures is the
Poverty Flat of Soot City. The authoress
is probably a pioneer in one thing, how
tver—she has chosen for her heroine a
i 6 male oaxber. Kmma Butte is the name
iof the female r.izor-wielder. She and her |
j father keep a couple of boarders— Simeon
| Quarry, an Englishman, is one; August
i Jarlson, a Swede, the other. Emma and
Jarlson are in love. The day of the wed- j
ding is fixed, but just before the appointed j
i time for the ceremony the biidegroom is
■ brought home from the furnaces, singed,
blackened and sightless and all but dead.
; He ha« been "blasted" by a premature ex
; plosion. There is a lengthy description of
I the "blast riie." No one in Soot City was j
! surprised at a funeral for a man yet in I
i the rlesli. "Such rites were the cus
tom of the terriole, black little town,
I where the birds rlew low, for the >
; damp of the steam and the prevalence !
! of soot in the air, and where any nn<> rnaa
I who took life eagerly in the" morning
I might be blasted at the noontide siiuck.
j * * * One idea that is <!irectly referable
j to the Swede minus i* that which gave
! rise to the blast rites. This fueling had be- i
| come general that a man might 'get be- j
! yond the blast' — that is, get over its scorch j
I and 3hock — if only Ins friends could be
brought to behave as if he were really .
dead." And so Jarlson had funeral ser- '
vfces sung over him, and it was Emma's
| task to bring the dead back to life. When
. Jarlson was "blasted" a paper was found
on him willing all his property to Emma, i
Tne latter had been running a barber-shop j
for a livelihood, and she laid down the
I razor and the brush when she came into
a fortune of $"00. Quarry had always
been jealous of Jarlson, and he now made
haste to court the liutte girl. She ap :
peared to be rather reckless with her
money, and Quarry, seizing an oppor
tunity, stole all sue had saved. Theieis
no talk of punishing Quarry for this crime,
although he confesses his theft and by his
deed drives Emma and Jarlson penniless
from Soot City out to the free dwellings of
the poor at the stonepastures.
Quarry visits the family in the new
quarters and plots with Emma's father
near the supposedly unconscious form of
Jarlson. The former awakens from his
deathlike sleep. A strike occurs in Soot
City and it is planned to blow up the
I shops. Jarlson has heard the plot from
Quarry's -own lips while the latter sup
posed the former dead to the world of
sight and hearing. Emma, following the
instructions oi the lover, whose life she
had preserved, hurries to the scene and
frustrates the devilish design, and Quarry
is shot dead while endeavoring to escape.
| Jarlson becomes himself again; Emma
i gives up shaving. The couple are mar
ried and move from poverty-flat into a
downtown room. It is shown how justly
j Quarry met his fate tnrough Jarlson's in-
I formation, as the latter discloses the fact
i that Quarry had set oft the blast with mur
] derous intent at the time Jarlson was
j nearly singed to death. Jarlson becomes
I an inventor and the book winds up with
i Emma (too fine for the barber trade) learn
ing to play the piano, and Jarlson getting
a reputation as a tenor singer. [New
York: D. Appleton & Co. For sale by
[ Doxey ; price 75 cents.]
SUCCESSORS TO THE TITLE.
There is one commendable thing to be
' said about this new novel by Mrs. L. 13.
I Waiford, just issued in Appleton's Town
.' and Country Library: its moral tone is
high, and juvenile readers will be rather ,
| benefited by its perusal. It is a simple J
j story, showing how great things may be ',
i obtained through a little perseverance, j
i The hero is a listless fellow, with no par- |
.-ticular aim in life. He visits a country
| town, and there falls in love and marries
j a girl with a small fortune. They travel
! on the Continent for a couple of years,
never remaining long enough in one place
,to tire of it. Then the hero learns, to his
! surprise, that he has fallen heir to a for*
: tune and a title. The pair take possession
of their new estates, and their common
and underbred manner causes much harsh
! comment. They awaken to a sense of
their unfitness, and, with the aid of a kind
| friend, prepare like students for the world
lof refined society. After a time they gain
the love and respect of all, and none
might know that they were not "to the
manner born." [New York: D. Appleton
& Co. For sale by Doxey; price, 50 cents.]
••FANCIES FRAMED IN FLOREN
TINE."
This is the title of a pretty little volume
by Henry Russell Wray. There are tbirty
i eight "fancies" or poetical prose sketches,
| each accompanied by one or more illus-
I trations from the pen of Vernon Howe
I Bailey. There are some beautiful senti
i ments in the volume, which touches
: themes on all sides of life, while many of
the author's flowers are strewn on graves.
| Here is one "fancy" which affords a fair
• example of the style:
CHARACTER.
"The whole world Is an archery field and its
people are the targets; for at certain ages
every man comes forward in his regular turn
! and serves as a mark for the darts from the
I drawn bows of Joy, Sorrow, Jealousy, Disap
! pointment and Hate.
"Often the aim is false and the arrows fly
wide of their mark, while at other times they
come daugerously near: but oftener they
pierce him, and this wound influences all his
! Future life, for man is young when he enters
i the field where, the life game is played. Then
there is great rivalry for points or' score among
I this band of archers so widely different; and
! - how eagerly, with drawn bows, they await
each newcomer!
"He who ri joices In being the target for Joy
and Love finds that they are always joined
sooner or later by another archer called Sor
row, whose aim is unerring. Jealousy, Disap
pointment and Hate score many points; for
when the coward (and the greater number oi
targets are cowards) confronts that row of
wicked bows and flees ior lack of moral
strength to stand the wound, the quick eyes
and practiced hands of Jealousy, Disappoint
ment and Hate send their arrows witn sure
and rapid flight on iheir crippling missions.
"But the telling game, which nas been played
since time wah, goes on and will continue as
long as time is. The old targets relate their
experiences over nnd over again, as guides to
the young who have not yet entered tho arena.
It matters not, however— the marksmen seem
to know their own.
'•The whole world is an archery-field and its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MAKCH 8, 18SM3.
badly. These wounds as they heal leave scar*
called character.". [New York: Transatlantic
Publishing Company. For sale at the book
stores.] -:■■ ■ ' --: . ■ .
"-MONTH ART RE. f:
C. A. Murdock & Co. of this City are the
publishers of a communistic "poem" by
Austin Lewis. The title is "Montmartre,"
and it celebrates the uprising of the Paris
Commune in 1871; just a quarter of.a cen
tury ago this month. Mr. Lewis is evi
dently a mild type of the anarchist. He
isn't a poet, but might pass in a crowd of
everyday rhymesters. The . verses are
printed in pamphlet form and the cover is
illustrated with a picture of Anarchy, the
title being inscribed on a significant red j
scroll. It was. perhaps, of just such as
Mr. Lewis that Pope wrote, ''A little learn
ing is a dangerous thing."
THE PORT OF SHIPS.
Joaquin Miller's poem, "The Port of '■
Ships," which was first published in The
Call in October, 1892, under the title "Co
lumbus," has received high praise across
the ocean. In a recent critical article on
American letters in the London Athenaeum
is this sentence: "In point of power, work- ;
manship and feeling, among all poems
written by Americans, we are inclined to
give first" place to the 'Port of Snips' of
Joaquin Miller." As the reader may feel a
fresh interest in the poem, since our British
cousins have accorded it such exalted
recognition, it is here reproduced:
Behind him lay the gray Azores,
• Behind the Uates of Hercules:
Before him not the ghost of shores,
Before him only shoreless seas.
The good mate said: ".Sow must we pray, ;■ v l .
For !o! the very stars are «one.
Brave Adm'rai speak— what shall I say?"
"Why, say, 'Sail on! Gallon! and on "
"My men grow mutinous day oy day:
My men grow ghastly, wan and weak."
The stout mate thought of home; a spray
Of salt wave washed his swarthy cheek.
"What shall I say, brave Adm'ral, say,
If we sight naught but seas at dawn?"
"Why you shall say, at break of day,
■Sail on ! .-ail on ! Sail on ! and o:l '.' " ,
They sailed, and sailed, as winds might blow,
Until at last the blanched mate said:
"Why, now not even God would know
Should I and till my men fall dead.
These very winds forget their way,
For God from these dread seas is gone.
Now speak, brave Adm'ral; speak, and say—"
He said: "Sail on! Sail on! and on!' 1 *
They sailed ! They sailed! Then spake the mate:
"This mad sea shows its teeth to-night;
He curls his lip, he lies in wait
With lifted teeth, as if to bite!
• Brave Adm'ral, say but one good word—
'What shall we do when hope is gone."
. The wows leaped as a leaping sword :
"Sail on ! i-all on ! Sail on ! and on '."
NEW MEMORIAL TO LINCOLN.
All the founders of McClure's Magazine
are recent graduates of Knox College,
i Galesburg, 111., and the editor, Mr. Me-
Ciure, is a trustee of this college. They
have undertaken to assist the college in
establishing "The Abraham Lincoln School
of Science and Practical Arts," as a worthy
memorial to Abraham Lincoln. Before
1 Lincoln was even nominated for the Pres
idency Knox College conferred on him the
degree of Doctor of Laws, and at the time
of the famous Lincoln and Douglas de
bate, held in Galesburg, October 7, 1858,
the students «carried banners ■ inscribed
"Knox for Lincoln." The publishers of
McClure's Magazine have established 100
scholarships in this new school. Each
scholarship entitles the holder to all the
i privileges of Knox College, ana can be
! earned by securing 500 subscribers to Mc
i Clure'a Magazine. A scholarship pays the
j board, room rent and tuition of any young
' man or woman for a year. The publishers
of McClure's Magazine have also under
! taken to raise an endowment fund of "a
' quarter of a million dollars for this new
i department of Knox Colloge. On October
! 7 of this year the college will celebrate the
anniversary of th« Lincoln and Douglas
debate. The oration will be delivered by
the Hon. Chauncey M. Depew, and many
' men of National fume will be present.
| Then will undoubtedly be thousands pres
ent who were present at the debate.
THE INSPIRATION" OF FOE'S "RA
VEN."
Edgar Allan Poe had much trouble with
i the critics during his strange, eventful
; career in the flesh. Of recent years critics,
as a rule, have paid homage to Poo's
genius, and his works complete are now
being published in gorgeous style, possi
bly as a speculative outcome of this latter
day interest and devotion. But Poe's
weaknesses are not to be permitted to find
oblivion, and his fame is not to be trum
peted unchallenged down the corridors of
time. The latest attack on Poe and his
writings appears in the New York Journal
over the initials, "A. H. L." The latter
quotes Dr. Thomas Dunn English, who
affects to throw new light (sort of a cathode
ray, as it were) on the "source of inspira
tion" of Poe's "Raven," and who is, fur
thermore, pleased to expose some of the
poet's numerous shortcomings. Poe's
fame will not be eclipsed by Dr. Thomas
Dunn English, and even the article in
question, which 13 printed below, seems
like an echo of the assaults that were made
on Foe by enemies during his lifetime:
It was no great number of months ago when
I had the pleasure of a chat with Dr. Thomas
Dunn English, for a long time Representative
of the Newark (N. J.) District in Congress.; Dr.
English is one of the last strong figures of a
literary past, which reaches backward in its
morning to include such names as Fenimore
Cooper, N. P. Willis and Washington Irving.
Dr. English, of all he has written, regrets noth
ing but "Ben Bolt," which he composed with
out money and without price at the request of
N. P. Willis, when the latter became editor of
the New York Mirror. , .
While talking with. Dr. English I was told
much that was new and interesting. The con
versation fell on Edgar Allan Foe, whom Dr.
English knew closely and well. • .
At one time Dr. English and Poe were warm
friends; as much friends, at least, as was pos
sible with one of Poe's erratic and shallow
nature. • Poe was not to blame for his makeup,
which was, however, a peculiar ' one. All
sense of moral obligation was left out of Poe.
He might borrow your watch in the blandest
way. and when you got it again you would re
ceive it from the pawnbroker, where Poe had
got all he could on it. Nordid this abash him.
He was as freely in your presence afterward,
never offering to ret>ay your loss or explain
the phenomenon of his pawning jour watch.
He appeared to regard and relish it as the
most natural good and proper thing to do. :
You could always tell when ; Poe had been
drinking byhisslouchy.unkemptdress. When
sober Poe was a vast fop, a great dandf . He
was a lion among women, and ■ they . saw a
great deal in his dark, melancholy, sensitive,
but exceedingly weak- face which was veiled
to men. Indeed," It i was from i women whom
Poe us a rule did his bprrowing, and it was
their jewelry which he regularly pawned. Poe
was born in Boston, but preferred \ to have it
■believed that his native place was Baltimore.
He never failed to refer slightingly to the
Yankees and their literature. ,*,■ >
After Poe had attained a good deal of fame
he was asked to attend a dinner in Boston and
read a poem written ' for- the i occasion. He
spoke to Dr. English , about it at the last mo
ment. .■•■-•■■• ■..:. ■■'■' ■ : ./t'O.- ■■..■-.■
"I don't know whether to goornot," he said.
"What's the matter?'.' Dr. English asked.
"I've not written any poem," Poe replied.
At this Dr. English suggested that he'd bet
ter say tie was sick. This he might fairly do,
as he'd just been rescued from one of, his
sprees. :.--.' ■.'■-. : . 5 : • ■
"But,". said Poe ai the suggestion that he
stay away from the: dinner, "I can't remain
away. I must go,' you see, because they are go
ing to give me $100. " v :
. Poe went and read a poem which he'd writ
ten utii he was a bur. and which had never
been regarded as worth publishing. It was a
weak, puerile thing. But Poe Tead it, having
collected first his $100. Some one of the com
pany ventured to say that it was far below Poe's
other poems then published. Poe arose at this
and told the party that he had written the
poem they had heard when he was 14 years
old and read it to them to try the accuracy of
their taste and poetic knowledge. He got very
.little fame out of this scrape and was roasted
nnd scorched in the papers without mercy. I
only tell it as showing the shallow vanity and
lack of honest worth in Poe's nature.
1 asked Dr. English his opinion of Poe's
"Raven."
"What do I think of Poe's 'Raven'? It is
more wouderful as verse than as poetry. At
the time it was written many thought it was
the wcrlt oi Hurst, a clever Irishman, who,
while not much of a poet, was the most finished
versifier of the day. But Poe wrote it, and
Hurst didn't. The idea of the Raveu and its
climbing and perching was obtained from one
of the conversations in Kit North's 'Koctes
Ambrosiana.' The style of the verse itself
was gained from Mrs. Browning's poem. 'Lady
Geraldine's Courtship.' Oh.no! there was no
intended plagiarism in it. Poe got $30 for
•The Raven,' and $5 a verso for 'The Bells,'
which was written and published one verse at
a time. No; they didn't pay much to your
poets. They paid more for prose. Graham,
who founded Graham's Magazine, once paid
Feuimore Cooper #1000 for a short story called
'The host Handkerchief.'
"How did 'Lady tieraldine's Courtship' run?"
I asked, as the doctor paused. I'd never heard
of it being Poe's moilel for "The Raven," and
was anxious to make a comparison.
"It canters like this," replied the doctor,
"and would scarcely fail to remind you of Poe's
masterpiece, which was written afterward:
Soh! how still the lady standeth! 'Tis a dream, a
dream of mercies 1
•Tw:.Tt the purple lattice curtains how she
Btandeth, still anil pale!
'Tis a vision, sure of mercies, sent to soften his
self curses,
Sent (o sweep a patient quiet o'er the tossing of
his vail.
"Eyes," ho said, "now throbbing through me!
Parian s'atue s:one:
UndtTui'ath tuat calm white forehead are ye ever
burning torrid
O'er the desolate sand desert of my heart and life
undone?"
With murmurous stir uncertain, in the air the pur
. pie curtain
Sweileth in and swelleth out, around her motion
less pale brows,'
While the Sliding of the river sends a rippling
noise forever
Through the opening casement whitened by the
moonlight's slant repose. '
Dr. English thrashed the author of "Tbe
Raven" on one tumultuous occasion. He does
not like to have the aftair referred to, but it
ought to be told nevertheless.
I'oe, who, as 1 siateil, was In the sadly too
frequent habit, had pawned certain jewels he
had borrowed from & lady. She complained.
Poe made some remark about her which
reached the ears of her brother, who soon
came after Poe with a crabtree cane. Poe
walked into Dr. English's office, where he was
writing, and asked for a pistol, saying that
the brother in question was looking for him
with a cane intending to beat him. Bob Tyler,
brother oi President Tyler, was sitting with
Dr. English at the time. The doctor expressed
a sincere hope that the brothel might lind Poe
and flail him to death. This opened up the
avenue of a discussion between Poe and Dr.
English, to which the doctor gave a climax by
whipping Poe. The poet needed it.
"BLEAR HOUSE" LOCALITIES.
Charles Dickens, the younger, in his in
troduction to "Bleak House" (Macmillan's
newly issued reprint of the original edi
tion), identifies some of the localities men
tioned in the story. Tom-all-Alone's has
disappeared, but the present Took's court,
Cursitor street, London, was Snagby Cook's
court; Chiche3ter Rents, leading from the
cut side of New Square, Lincoln's Inn, to
Chancery lane, is the court in which Mr.
Krook came to such a bad end; and Rus
sell court, between Catherine street and
Drury lane, is the thoroughfare whence
"a reeking little tunnel of a court" gave
access to the iron gate of the "hemmed-in
churchyard, pestiferous and obscene," the
"beastly scrap of ground" in which the
remains of Captain Hawdon received
Christian burial.
Russell court has been cleaned up of
late, and the horrible little churchyard has
been converted into an asphalted play
ground for the children of the neighbor
hood, but the archway, and the tunnel,
and the steps, Mr. Dickens says, are still
there. Mr. Tulkinghorn's chambers were
not far distant from 58 Lincoln's Inn
tields, where Mr. Forster , lived, and Mr.
Dickens has always ' thought that, al
though the surroundings of the two
houses are altogether different, and al
though there was not the faintest likeness
between their occupants, Chesney Wold
I was much more than a mere accidental
resemblance to Rockingham Castle, in
Northamptonshire, . the residence of the
Hon. Mr. and Mrs. Richard Watson, to
whom "David Copperlield" was dedicated.
Although "Bleak House" when it first
appeared was one of the most popular of
Dickens' books, it excited a good deal of
spiteful criticism. Lord Den man, for , in
stance, who had been Chief Justice of the
Queen s Bench, was very angry indeed
with the story, and ; criticized it. with con
siderable acerbity in a series of articles
which he contributed to the Standard. The
causa teterrima was Mrs. Jelly by. Lord
Denman, an enthusiastic advocate of the
abolition of slavery, overlooking the fact
that the novelist was as good an abolition
ist as himself, somehow persuaded him
self that the satire which was directed
against the absurdities and extravagances
of which Borrioboola-Gha was a fair
enough type was "calculated to obstruct
the great cause of human improvement."
He failed to see that one might satirize
the foolish hangers-on of a movement and
yet preserve a complete respect for and de
votion to the cause itself.
Till-: GERMAN PRESS.
Dr. Ellis Paxson Oberholtzer of the Phil
adelphia Evening Telegraph is the author
of a volume rec ehtly issued in Berlin en
titled. "The Relations between the State
and the Newspaper Press in the German
Empire, with Some Outlines of the Science
of Journalism." The book is an important
co ntribution to contemporaneous litera
ture, and 'sheds light on the severe press
restrictions of the Kaiser's realm.
"Every Prussian,'' says the Prussian
constitution of 1850,."is entitled to express
his opinion freely by word, writing, print
or artistic representation. Censorship may
not be introduced; every, other restriction
on freedom of the press will only be im
posed by law." Up to the year 1874 every
German state had its own peculiar press
law, but in that year all these various stat
utes became merged into one for the whole
empire. By this law the press of all Ger
many was relieved from some vexatious
restrictions— such as stamp duty, censor
ship and bail for good behavior, under
which it had theretofore groaned.
Nevertheless, it still continued subject
to a series of severe penal provisions, cal
culated to establish in the mind of every
public writer what Bismarck termed a
wholesome equilibrium between the sense
of freedom and the sense of fear. , This
equilibrium, however, may be said to have
been in a state of ; complete derangement
to the disadvantage of freedom between
the years 1878 and 1890, during ' which
period the anti-Socialist law made confis
cations and prosecutions of the daily press
an almost everyday occurrence. True, the
German press is not now subject to censor
ship in the sense that its productions must
first receive the imprimatur of the police
before they can see the light. But the
"repressive" measures ; which have now
taken the place of the old "prohibitive" or
"preventive'^system are of a very incisive
and vexatious kind, making the lot of the
German journalist anything but a safe or
haijpy ; one. A copy of . every newspaper
published in the German Empire must be
sent to the chief of the local police on the
early : morning of > its ? issue ; ■ and ■ if this
number contains anything which ; appears
to bring It < within the penal action of the
press law or the; Criminal Code, the whole
issue of the number in question may be
summarily impounded, together with its
stereos and > type "form»." This ' may be
done, for example, if the paper in ques
tion fails to give the name of its publisher
and responsible editor ;lii it reveals move
ments of troops or measures of national
defense;; if it publishes anything of a trea
sonable character,'; or in the nature of an
insult to the Emperor or one of his federal
allies, or offers its readers any material of
a lewd and impure kind, or incites to the
committal of a penal offense, or stirs up
the various classes of the lieges to violence
against one another. The police of course
and their coadjutor, the public prosecutor,
have here a very larpe and elastic margin of
judgment; and their object being an imme
»i ■■.■.■J.iiiniiimiimim MinHl I 111 i^l HtJ»Hllti T .iy.'; j Wrffißi'«SWi#*
diate one, is attained even if, after a day or
two, their act is reversed by judicial deci
sion. For when the contents of newspa
pers are thns hung up to dry like onions,
so to speak, for rive or six days, they are
absolutely valueless as news. On the other
hand the German journalist may commit
some offenses which are unknown to the
laws of otuer countries, certainly, at any
rate, of England and America, and it is
the dread of the possible consequences of
these offense* which is ever before the
mind's eye of the men whom Bismarck
once contemptuously characterized a3
mere"quill-cattle"and the present Emperor
denounced "us "press scamps" — unscrupu
lous rascal 9 who were recruited from the
"proletariat of passmen" that formed the
curse of modern Germany.
Over every editorial chair in the em
pire the Damocles sword of the press law
hangs suspended by a mere hair, filling
the occupant of this seat with a constant
feeling of nervousness and apprehension.
And first of all he has to keep perpetually
in mind the class of privileged persons
who enjoy such a degree of immunity
from criticism that, as Herr Oberholtzer
remarKS, the safest course for the journal
ist is to say nothing at all about them if
the something which he Das to say is not
in their favor. At the top of the list of
this privileged class stands the Emperor,
and his very name must be treated as
sacred, otherwise a prosecution for Majes
tats-beleidigung, or lese-majeste, will be
the result. There used to be a special
crime known aa Bismarck-beliedigung,
but this of course has now ceased to oc
cupy the courts. It is a pity that Herr
Oberholtzer does not illustrate this part of
his subject by some of the most salient
cases in' which a charge of lese-rnajestehas
been trumped up, but a writer in the
Contemporary Review supplies the defi
ciency in the moat amusing manner.
What constitutes lese-niajeste ana wnat
does not lies with the Judge to determine,
but in no circumstances is trutu allowed to
be justiiication for any statement held to
be libelous about any "privileged person,"
and the list includes the federal allies of
the Emperor, as well as all the members
of their families, the sovereigns of friendly
states, embassadors and members of tiie
federal council. When a monarch is dead,
however, he sinks to the same level as a
private person — as far as the law of libel is
concerned. Nevertheless, it would be in
the highest degree dangerous for any writer
to abuse, say, the memory of Frederick
William IV "or Frederick 111.
But apart from the crime of lese majeste,
the law is also very ingenious in bringing
within its scope press offenses which are
construed as "high treason," and under
the latter category falls the publication of
military secrets. Moreover, should any
journalist dare to cross the line which
forms the boundary between "revolution"
and "reform" he will very soon be made
acquainted with the inside of -a fortress.
The journal, too, would have a bad time
of it which ventured, say, to advocate the
restitution of Alsace-Lorraine to France.
The only means of bringing home ex
trsme ideas of any kind to the minds
of the people is to get them ventilated in
the Reichstag or any other Legislature in
the Fatherland, where speech is compara
tively free, and then these speeches may
be reported in full provided they are re
ported truthfully. This is the only field,
as Herr Oberholtzer says, in which the
newspaper press is relieved from its other
wise constant sense of responsibility to
the State, and hence even the anti-Socialist
law was never able to withhold from the
eyes of the workingmen the fulniinations
of leaders like Bebel and Liebknecht from
the tribune of the Imperial Parliament.
On the other hand the press does not en
joy the barue immunity from prosecution
in respect of its reports of proceedings in
courts of law, which are subject to very
stringent rules.
With regard to press offenses against
private persons, the law is almost equally
strict, and, it may be added, equally elas
tic and eubtle. Nowhere easier than in
Germany can actions be brought for de
famation, libel, or "insultine the memory
of a dead person." In the latter case "the
insult must be of such a kind that if it hatf
been offered the deceased when living it
would have tended to make him appear
contemptible, or reduce him in public es
teem." But it is criticism of the living
which constitutes the greatest danger to
the German journalist, especially when
delivering himself on productions in the
fields of literature, science and art. For
here he must never at his peril cross the
shadowy and movable line which separates
"unfavorable opinions" from positive "de
famation." Then the "booming" of ma
terial enterprises is hedged about
by a wonderful series of stipula
tions, as, for example, that Germans
must "not be tempted to emigrate by the
publication of 'false facts'"; and if any
newspaper is caught in the act of misrepre
senting the conditions of life and labor in
other countries, its "responsible editor"
will have to "sit" for it. "Sit" means
going to jail ; and consequently many
journals have got Sitzredacteure, or
"dummy" editors, being ordinary mem
bers of the siatf whose duty it is to -'sit"
out the penalties imposed upon them by
the courts. Every journal is bound to
print the name of its "responsible editor,"
a legal personage through whom the law
is supposed to get at the real author of a
press offence; but the institution of
"dummy editors" often defeats the long-
Ing of the law in this respect, and thus it
happens that a man is paid so much a year
for acting as the scapegoat of his col
leagues. When a newspaper offense can
be tabulated under no other title it is
brought into the category of "disorderly
conduct" (grober Unfug), for which the
penalty is a fine of 150 marks or imprison
ment.
But here Herr Oberholtzer leaves the
reader in the lurch. There are degrading
depths of discussion to which even so
patient und exhaustive an expositor as he
cannot descend. "The author," he says,
"as a journalist, must politely decline to
subject to Berious discussion a law which
has been interpreted by the courts in a
manner which places his profession on the
same level as the barking of a dog, a false
alarm of fire, or a gross public offense
against decency." But there is one stipu
lation of the press law which appears to
command the approval of our indignant
author, and that is the clause — the famous
eleventh — which imposes upon an editor
the duty of inverting a matter-of-fact "rec
tification" (Berichtigung) from an ag
grieved person with reference to any state
ment published in the said editor's paper
affecting the rectifier's interests or
honor. Apart from these "rectifica
tions," German newspapers contain almost
no "letters to the editor," which
form so conspicuous a feature of the
English press, and are at once the out
come and the sign of civic liberty and pub
lic spirit in their highest form. Under
11 disorderly conduct" the Government
lumps all the newspaper offenses which
cannot be otherwise assigned a name; but
with the confiscation of particular issues,
and the punishment by fine or imprison
ment of convicted editors, it does not ex
haust its powers of making the press feel
the weight of its displeasure. It has at its
disposal a still more potent means, per
haps, of bringing recalcitrant writers to
their senses in the shape of its almost un
restricted power over the sale and distri
bution of the journals, though this is a
subject that would require a column of ex
planation all to itself. Little wonder that
when, last year, the Emperor proposed, in
his ill-fated anti-revolutionary law, to add
still more to the fetters of the press, the
whole nation rose up and declaimed
against the idea as a positive outrage on
the civilization of the nineteenth century.
LITERARY NOTES.
Meehan'a Monthly for March is re
plete with valuable contributions to the
science of horticulture.
R. D. Blackmore's new novel, entitled
"Dariel: A Romance of Surrey," will be
published by Messrs. Dodd, Mead & Co.
It will not appear until 1897.
A volume entitlea "Studies in Judea
ism," by S. Shechter, which Macmillan &
Co. are soon to bring out, deals with some
obscure topics in the Jewish faith.
A. Blanck (New York) has just pub
lished "Sarah Bernhardt, Artist and
Woman," by A. L. Renner, with numer
ous autograph pages esDecially written by
Bernhardt. The volume contains sixty i
illustrations and fac-similes, with the
scenery of "Izeyl."
Kirk Munroe has written a new .story
for Harper's Round Table, the first install
ment appearing in tLe current number.
It is called "Rick Dale." and contains the
adventures of a young Californian, the son
of a millionaire.
Messrs. Henry Holt & Co. announce
"Emma Lou, Her Book," edited by Miss
Mary M. Mears. It is the diary of an in
genuous lfi-year-old Western gir!, whose
lofty views of life supply an elemeut of
unconscious humor.
Warburton Pike's volume of travel,
"Through the Southern Arctic Forest, "will
be issued this spring by Edward Arnold.
It records a canoe journey of 4000 miles
from Fort Wrangel to the Pelly Lakes and
down the Yukon River to Bering Spa.
The publishers of McClure's Magazine
have decided to spend $20,000 for short
stories during the coming year. " They an
nounce that new writers will be especially
welcome. Stories should run from 2000
to 6000 words. The shorter the story, the
better chance of success.
The Messrs. Macmillan will publish in
the spring "The Pilgrim, and Other
Poems," by Ellen Burroughs. Thisnomde
plume, well known to readers of the maga
zines, is that of Miss Sophie Jewett, an in
structor in English literature at Wellesley
College. This is her first volume.
The Walton edition of the Rev. Dr. Van
Dyke's "Little Rivers," which the Messrs.
Scribner announce, will be printed by De
Vinne, on hand-made paper, with a photo
gravure portrait and extra illustrations on
JaDan paper, and will have a new preface.
The edition is limited to 150 copies.
Messrs. Harper & Bros, will publish in
book form the series of out-of-town
sketches by Mrs. Rosina Emmet Sher
wood which have appeared from time to
time in their various publications. They
have also in press "The Bicyclers and
Other Farces," by John Kondrick Bangs.
A "Library of the World's Best Litera
ture" is announced by Messrs. J. A. Hill &
Co. Charles Dudley Warner is the editor
in-chief, with Professor Harry Thurston
Peck and H. W. Mabie as associate editors.
An advisory board of eleven well-known
men-of-letters will lend its aid to the edi
tion.
Count Tolstoi professes admiration for
Ibsen's morality and earnestness and ad
mits him to be a writer of striking indi
viduality. Tolstoi confesses, however, that
Ibsen's plays impress him as being confus
ing, that their foundation and form are to
him unsympathetic and that their purpose
is anything but clear.
Messrs. Frederick Warne & Co. will pub
lish immediately "Sport in Ashantee," a
story of the Gold Coast in the days of King
Coffee Kalcalli, by J. A. Sketcnly; "The
Carbuncle Clue: A Mystery," by Fergus
Hume; and "The Right Hon. Joseph
Chamberlain," by S. H. Jeyes, in the series
of "Public Men of To-Day."
The Philistine for this month is full of
good things. It is published by the Soci
ety of the Philistines, an international
association of book-lovers and folks who
write. The society was organized to fur
ther good-fellowship among men and
women "who believe in allowing the
widest liberty to individuality in art."
Messrs. Way & -Williams will publish in
April "The Lamp of Gold," a sonnet se
quence by Florence L. Snow, illustrated
by Edmund H. Garrett. The idea of the
sequence is taken from the reference in
"The Marble Faun" to the seven-branched
golden candlestick. They announce for
the same date "A Mountain Woman/ a
volume of short stories, by Elia W. Peattie.
The New Amsterdam Book Company
have in press three books which will be on
the market this month: "Seven Frozen
Sailors," by George Mannville Fenn; "In
Scarlet and Silk; or. Recollections of
Hunting and Steeplechase Riding," by
Fox Russell; and "New Sporting Stories, 11
by G. G., author of "Sporting btories and
Sketches."
"The Capsford Mystery, or Is He the
Man?" is the title of W. Clark Russell's
new book, announced by the New Amster
dam (N. V.) Book Company. The author
has heretofore been known as a writer of
sea tales only, but the new novel deals al
together with "land-lubbers." In this
work Mr. Russell has so skillfully veiled his
plot that until the close of the volume the
reader is unable to determine "Who Is the
Man."
The March Romance is the most inter
esting of tiie series, since its change into
an illustrated magazine. It contains a pa
thetic little story, a charming poem by
Eoen. Kexford, and illustrated articles
upon a half-dozen timely subjects. There
is a good anecdote told in its brief little
story about dogs, while the article on the
next Paris Exposition gives an idea of the
trend ot talk about the great French fair of
1900.
A new volume of stories by Richard
Harding Davis, including a Van Bibber, is
on the press of the Messrs. Scribner. Mr.
Davis has been commissioned to visit Rus
sia to be present at the coronation of the
Czar, and also to visit Athens next month
to witness the revival of the Olympic
games under the patronage of the King of
Greece. He is to "write up" both of these
interesting occasions.
Messrs. Houghtou. Mittiin & Co. have
just published "Moral Evolution," by Pro
fessor George Harris of Andover; "The
Life of Thomas Hutchinson, Last Royal
Governor of the Province of Massachusetts
Bay," by James K. Hosmer; "In New
England Fields and Woods," by Rowland
E. Kobinson; and new editions of "Over
the Teacups," Harriet Beecher Stowe's
"Fink and White Tyranny" and Juiia A.
Shedd's "Famous Painters ana Paintings"
and "Famous Sculptors and Sculpture."
The March Nickel Magazine has the
■ usual quota of good articles and pictnres.
I The really remarkable value given in this
' publication for 5 cents rather disarms crit
icism, but one is still inclined to wish lhat
the publishers had chosen some less gaudy
i hue than imperial blue for the cover. The
! general effect of a rather pretty design is
j marred by this fault, but it will probably
! enhance its selling qualities, ana that is
the main point to be gained in these days
of big editions and infinitesimal profits.
The Lark for March is as able a protest
against the dictum of these who have in
sisted on taking it too seriously as it is an
exponent of free ana wide-swinging
Bohemian ism. It has too much brains to
be irresponsible and too fine a sense of
satire to offend. Mr. Doxey is responsible
for the mechanical part of it, and that
means that the queer, outlandish, obscure
and altogether original character of the
monthly is receiving all possible assistance
from an appreciative business manager.
Notable features of Outing for March are:
"Duck-shooting on Savannah River"; "In
cognito," a racing story; "Wild Sport in
Ceylon"; "Across the Mesaba," a story of
a woman's adventures while homestead
ing; "Among the Russian Bears';
"Adolph," a story of the Canadian lumber
woods; "Model Yachts," a practical treat
ise upon how to build and rig miniature
racing craft. The editorial ana record de
partments are interesting, while the gen
eral sketches and illustrations are up to
the high standard maintained by this pop
ular magazine of sport, travel and recrea
tion.
W. Earl Hodgson, who claims to be a
friend of the British Poet Laureate, says
that Mr. Austin, originally a Catholic, is
now an Agnostic; "yet he is no more dog
matic about Agnosticism than he ever was
about faith, and so supports the Church
with might and main." Mr. Hodgson also
tell 3 the readers of the English Illustrated
that one of Mr. Austin's personal friends
is the Queen, who for years has been in the
habit of sendiu'g",him, on appropriate occa
sions, a photograph of herself or some other
token of remembrance and esteem. An
other ia the Prime Minister, who, when he
goes to Swinford Old Manor, feela that
there is an exception to Lord Beacons
field'a rule that a country-house visit is
three days of boredom in which a man can
only eat'and sleep.
"A Warmer Climate Than New York.
"Have you • heard recently from your
divorced nusband?" said a New York
lady, meeting a friend.
"Yes; the last time I heard from him he
was wearing his summer clothine."
"Good gracious ! "I didn't know he was
dead."
-• "He isn't; he's' down m Florida."—
Texas SUM:.
THE HOG RANCH NUISANCE.
The Residents of South San
Francisco Say the Pens
Must Go.
PLACES THAT BREED PLAGUES.
Mr. Woolfs Ideas of a Lady's Parlor.
The Hog Limits to Be
Changed.
The citizens of those portions of South
San Francisco known as the Bay View
Tract and the Excelsior Homestead are
complaining, and witli excellent reason,
of the hog ranches iv the vicinity of their
homes.
A pig at best is not dainty in his tastes,
and will grunt joyfully in view of a mud
bath in any convenient puddle, but it is re
served for the penned-up swins of South
San Francisco to demonstrate how low
these animals may sink and live. And to
the moral credit of those imprisoned pork
ers some of them do not live, as the dead
carcasses now lying inside of the pens at
many of the ranches will prove.'
But nothing euphonic will fully and
clearly explain just now filthy these places
are, and a look at the creatures wading in
the cesspools of their, habitations is dis
gusting in the extreme. The pens in every
case are too. small for the number of hogs
crowded in them, as all of the ranches are
owned by- small landholders, who make
their living by fattening swine for the mar
ket. The animals are fed on the slops
from the restaurants, and every day these
unsightly tankwagons can be seen making
their way over the hills to the hog ranches.
Neither vehicles, nor drivers are very
nice affairs as they go along the public
thoroughfare.
There are about twenty-five of these hog
farms within the City limits, each and
every one of them a nuisance to the neigh
borhood. In many places families living
near these unclean spots have been at
tacked by sicKness in the form of an
epidemic. Empty, dwelling-houses can be
seen alongside of hog ranches where the
tenants were driven away by the malodor
ous and perm-breeding institutions.
v The Excelsior Homestead is a pretty
tract drained by Islais Creek, and along
both slopes of the stream the hog-rancher
has located with his pens and slopwagon.
When the drainage from the establish
ments reaches the creek the little stream
flows on polluted to the bay. Arthur Me-
Cooey has a ranch on Italy street of 300
hogs. ■ , •
This is one of the places complained of,
and when Health Inspectors Kinne and
Duren and the reporter visited it yester
day they found that an effort had been
made to clean the pens. However, for
sanitary purposes, if not for the practical,
the attempt was a failure and the place
was not nice, to say the least.
. G. Herrin has an atrociously unclean
ranch at the corner of Athens and Italy
streets — mark how the classic ana the arts
are associated with the South San Fran
cisco home of the hog.
John Tyson on Madrid street, near Per
sia, has about 100 swine penned up in un
speakable filth.and to every three hogs
he has one cur dog that growls and grow Is.
Julius \Vbolf, who runs a ranch at the
corner of .Paris and Italy streets— l he
European names of the thoroughfares go
one way and the names of capital ci ies
, the other on the Excelsior Homesteat:—
was helping to feed Tyson's swine yester
day. He mentioned that his own place
was "a lady's parlor" compared with Ty
son's. The visitors learned subsequently
that Mr. Woolf's ideas of "a lady's parlor"
are very limited, as a more wretched set of
pens a pig was never confined in. When
the hog farms leave the City Mr. Woolf's
should head the procession.
In all the ranches on the homestead the
drainage of the pens is allowed to run
into the street, creating a nuisance in pub
lic view of the passer-by. In some places
efforts have been made to impound the
seepage by catching it in deep holes dug
for the purpose. This creates a" cesspool
which does its part in poisoning the at
mosphere and spreading a pestilence
around. But bad as affairs are on the Ex
celsior homestead, down in Bay View they
are worse. Many places in this pretty
suburb are made unfit to live in by the
neighboring hog farms.
Here the dead animals were found lying
in the drainage outside of the pens. Frank
Schuster has about thirty hogs in a few
old' filthy peris \on the corner of Twenty,
first' avenue South and I street. He stated
that the high tide, once a month, reached
his place and cleaned his yard. The place
did not appear to have been visited by any
tide since the deluge.
The place of Peter Golfrey, a near neigh
bor, was | equally bad, but the ranch of
George bough threw all the others in
the shade. Its foul, or rather vile, condi
tion, is indescribable and merits the imme
diate attention of the Board of Health. -
In fact the line known as the "hog lim
its" should be placed further south, so
that the swine-infested spots in Bay View
and the Excelsior Homestead be cleansed.
In view of the numerous complaints
from property-owners in those tracts the
health authorities are satisfied that the
matter must be acted upon and the
ranches removed to localities where they
will not be an offense to residents in the
vicinity.
It is estimated that of the 90,000 paupers
in London two-thirds are able-bodied and
capable of working.
NEW TO-DAY.
<IM| . . j ' . ' From U.S.Journal of Medletnt
■ -^ ™ J|_ Prof. W. H. Peeke, who
B <■ M^ makes a specialty of
M AL* Im. Epilepsy, has without
|*4 rj I doubt treated and cur-
Q * H ed more cases than any
a m n living Physician ; his
m |3 L 1 success is astonishing.
Jg^ J^ VP^^ We have heard of cases
of 20 years' standing
C*^ cured by
— him. He
larxe bot-
tle of his absolute cure, free to any sufferers
who may send their P. O. and Express address.
We advise any one wishing a cure to address
«rnf.W. H. PEEKE, F. D., 4 Cedar St., ITew Yor*
; eRATEFUIi-C©MFORTINCh
EPPS'S COCOA
BREAKFAST-SUPPER
•mi THOROUGH KNOWLEDGE OF T3B
JIJ natural ■ laws which govern the operations of
< digestion and nutrition, and by a careful applies*
tloc the fine properties of well-selected Cocoa.
Mr.Kpps has provided for our breakfast and supper
: a delicately flavored beverage, which may save ua
many heavy doctors' bills. It is by the judicloaa
use of such articles of diet that a constitution may
; tie gradually built up until strong enough to resist
every tendency. to ; disease. - Hundreds of subtle
■ maladies are floating around I us, ready to attack
wherever there is a weak point. We may escape
many a fatal shaft by keeping ourselves well font*
, tied - with pure" > blood and : a properly nourished
frame."— Service Gazette. .
Made simply with boiling water or milk. SolA
only in half-pound tins, by grocers, labeled thus:
a ABIES KPPS & CO., Ltd., Homaeopathlo
Chemists, London, England.
P*\RAIAi\KNTL.Y REMOVES sri'KiU- 1.; d
hair by electricity at $1 a sitting: first sitting
free: no scars left; moles, wans, etc., also re-
nioved.
2122
s .i./k -^t Jy / V>v X
THE theaters last week did not
offer anything that would have
tempted the anchorite to break
li is Lenten abstinence from the
pomps and vanities of this wicked
world. Frederick Warde's King Lear, at
the Baldwin Theater, was the only per
formance that ro.=e above the respectable
mediocrity that prevailed in dramatic cir
cles. Even Warde's Lear did not draw as
it might have done, for tie actor-manager
had kept his best till the last, wmch was a
mistake. If the season had begun with
"Le.ir" and ended with "The Mounte
bank," people would probably have seen
less plainly that Warde without James is
reaily a less powerful attraction t!>an
James without Warde.
Local concert-goers will have an oppor
tunity this week of comparing Marsick
and Ondricek, the two violinists who have
attracted most attention in the East this
winter. They represent such widely dif
ferent styles that they cannot be classed
together. Marsick, although a Belgian,
is thoroughly French in his perfec
tion of detail and intolerance of rough
ness. He has been most accxistomed to
gauging his tone to the tiny nail of the Paris
Conservatory and the almost parlor-iike
dimensions of the Salle Erard, but, as
Eleanor Hooper very truly says of him,
"Marsick is a genuine player, from whom
much can be learned, lacking: in power,
verve and surety of technique, but truly
artistic in detail, and not to be bribed by
popularity into any chicanery of play, as
others have been, ffho have won greater
fame here."
Ondricek, although a Bohemian, belongs
more to the German school as an expo
nent of technique. The claim of greatness
is made for him. Whether this be true or
not he has succeeded in arousing scenes of
enthusiasm which prove that he possesses
the power of swaying the musical multi
tude.
Minnie Maddern Fiske, or her manager, !
is responsible for a new and appalling de- ;
parture, which if widely followed would i
drive dramatic editors to despair and sui- \
cide. Every few days the press of this en- |
lightened country is bombarded with let- j
ters recounting the new and marvelous ;
triumphs achieved by Minnie. Lately '
these precious products of the press agent's j
art have rained in on the papers in such
profusion that the people who haudle the
dramatic news quail before Opening a type
written communication addressed '"Dram
atic Editor," for their prophetic souls tell
them that the contents will be headed,
"Fresh Triumphs Achieved by Minnie."
These tributes do not profess to
be cullings from the flowers of
press criticism ; for the most part they em
anate unblusbingly from the press agent.
The soul recoils with horror at the thought
of the amount of useless correspondence
that woula be inflicted on a long suffering
press if other members of "the profession"
took it into their heads to imitate Min
nie's pernicious esam pie. Let the actress
beware, however. Even a worm will turn
at last, and the dramatic editors are only
6upporterl in their present visitation by
the comforting knowledge that a day will
come when they will have an opportunity
of comparing Minnie's actual work with
th« "fresh triumphs." They will speak
quite plainly if they find her pres9 agent
has been dallying with fiction instead of
fact.
Baldwin Theater.
Hoyt's latest play, "A Milk White
Flag," opens at the Baldwin Theater to
morrow night. It is a satire on the Na
tional Guard, and is said to poke a good
deal of sly fun at citizen soldiership,
though the jokes are of a kind that can be
enjoyed by the most ardent militiaman
•without offense.
The play deals with the jealousy existing
CHARLES B. WARD AT THE ORPHEL'M.
between two rival companies of militia,
the Ransome Guards and the Daily Blues.
The Guards have the best of it till the
Bhie.s decide to eclipse thorn by holding a
military funeral. The difficulty is to ob
tain a corpse, as all the members are hale
and hearty. Finally a man who ha 3 been
accidentally killed is elected to honorary
membership and his remains are appro
priated for a magnificent funeral. As the
polemn cortege of the Blue 3 passes the
Guards' armory the latter overwhelm the
strains of the "funeral march by playine
"Ta-Ra-Ra-Boom-de-Ay." and a free
fijrht between the rival companies ensues.
The last act shows the remains lying in
sta'e in the Blues' armory, when the
humiliating discovery is made that the
new Honorary member is not dead at all,
but is only stunned from a blow on the
head. The corpse comes to life and the
Blues' disappointment is mitigated by the
suggestion that instead of a funeral they
give their first "Grand Resurrection Ball.' 1
Marsiek Concert.
A grand orchestral concert, with Marsiek
as the soloist, will be given at the Baldwin
Theater to-nicht. August Hinrichs will
direct the orchestra. Mrs. Ernest H. Cal
mer will be the vocal soloist, and the pro
gramme will be as follows:
Overture, "1m Hochland" (Gad.c), orchestra;
graud concerto, Op. 10, ailegro moderato
(Vieux temps), Marsick and orchestra; cantab
ile from "Snmson et Dalila" (Raint-Haens),
Mrs. Ernest H. Palmer and orchestra; cqneerto
(Mendelssohn), allegro molto appassioimta,
andsn'o. nllepro molto vivace, Marsiek ami
ort'iit'.-ira; meiociio. Op. 8, No. 3, from "ChaiUs
dv Voyagenr" fPaderevrski), orchestra; song.
"A Summer Night" (A. Goring Thomas), Mrs.
Ernest H. Palmer and orche-tra; Rondo Cap
riecioso(Sainl-Saens), Marsick and orchestra:
Aragouaise :rom "Le Cid" (Massenet), orcbes
tra.
Columbia Theater.
Eugene O'Rourke, who is identified
with delineations of Irish character, will
appear at the Columbia Theater to-mor
row night in a new Irish comedy-drama,
especially written for him by the actor
autiior, Mark Price.
It is said that in this new play the
dramatist has departed from the conven
tional lines of Hibernian drama in which
the same characters have appeared under
different names for so many years. In
■'The Wickiow Postman" there are no
British soldiers to badger tne hero, the
blackthorn i 3 not even mentioned and the
old stage-worn types of Irish diameter
have given place to something newer and
more up to date.
Eugene O'Rourke and Mark Price will
have among their support tne great ex
ctiampion of the world, John L. Su'.livan,
j and America's ex-champion, "Paddy"
'■ Ryan, the latter being introduced by the
well-known manager and backer of ath
: letes, Charles E. Davies, more familiarly
! known a? "Parson" Davies. "The Wick
low Postman" will only run for one week.
Grofer'i Alcaxar.
The Carleton Opera Company will pre
sent for their hnal week's attraction at
the Alcazar, commencing to-morrow, a
granil double bill, "The Charity Girls" and
"The Mikado." The engagement closes on
! Saturday night, March 14, and it is stated
j that this week's performance will mark
| positively the farewell appearance in San
| Francisco of W. T. Carleton. By special
I request Mr. Carleton will sing at each per
i formance the "Trilby"' 9ong, "Ben Bolt."
On Sunday next, March 15, there will be
a matinee and night performance. The
i Bailey continuous show commences at
Grover's Alcazar. Popular prices will be
resumed.
Grand Opera-Home.
The well-Known melodrama, "The
Silver King," will be presented at the
Grand to-morrow night. A number of
strong situations occur in the plot, which
is always found to be an interesting one.
The leading roles are to be taken by
Darrell Vinton and Essie Tittell. Butler
will play the very difficult part of "The
Spider" and Frank Hatch will be Daniel
Jakes. The piece is to be excellently
staged.
TItoII Opera-House.
Charles Lecocq's merry operetta, "The
Hoolah." will be presented at the Tivoli
to-morrow nigbt. The plot, with its
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
amusing matrimonial complications, af
fords plenty of opportunities for effective
stacini:, as well as for dances and fun.
Ferris Hartman will apear in his old role
of the Hoolah, the man whose profession
is to wed a wife and shed a wife for the ac
commoiation of people who have become
entangled in legal complications. Martin
Pache will play the part of Prince Torpid;
John J. Raffael will be Moka, the Cadi;
Kate Marchi will appear as Namouna, the
pretty Persian ; Fanny Liddiard as Kou
kouli, tne Cadi's wife; Carrie Roma as Ba
bouche, an ex-ballet dancer; Jennie Ktock
meyer as Nakid, the Prince's page. After
a week of "The Hoolah" the ballad-opera
"Maritana" will be sung, to be followed
by a revival of Richard Stahl's work,
"Said Pasha."
At the Orpheara.
Charles B. Ward, the original "Bowery
Boy," and the celebrated Athos family, a
quintet of acrobats, will be this week's ad
ditions to the Orpheum's bill.
Ward is a singer, ballad-writer and
comedian of note, and his appearance at
the Orpheum is looked upon oy tne man
agement as one of unusual interest. Most
of last week's favorites are retained.
The Garrisons will leave for Los An
geles after to-day's matinee and Wills and
Collins, Alburtus and Bartram, the An
dersons, the Filliopis, the Pantzersand the
Wiltons will remain.
California Th enter.
Edwin Milton Royle is said to have a
successful play in his latest work, entitled
"Mexico,"' which is to be saen at the Cali
fornia Theater on Monday night, March
Hi.
New Auditorium.
A great musical event will be the
Ondricek-Materna concerts, which will
occur at the Auditorium on Thursday and
Saturday of this week.
Frau Amelia Materna is almost too well
known to need introduction. She is the
woman of whom Wagner exclaimed when
he heard her sing, "There is my Brun
hilde," and the compliment may be the
more appreciated when one rea'izes that
for months the composer had vainly
sought a prima donna whom he con
sidered a great enough artist to be in
trusted with the magnificent role. Ma
terna, who was to some extent Wagner's
CARRIE ROMA AT THE TIVOLI.
inspiration as well as his disciple, sines
the master's music with all the weight of
Wagnerian authority, and to hear her will
be a great lesson to every one interested in
music.
Ondricek is the court violinist to the
Emperor of Austria and he has had orders
conferred upon him by a number of the
crowned heads of Europe. Since his ad
vent in America Ondricek has played with
the Sew York Philharmonic Orchestra
and the Boston Symphony Orchestra,
always with enthusiastic success. He is
said to be a warm, magnetic player, en
dowed with the power of enthusing his
audiences.
Miss Anna Eva Fay will continue her
white magic performances at the Audi
torium for the next three days. Tuesday
evening will see the last exhibition by this
pupil of Mme. Blavatsky.
Mscdonou|h Themt«r.
Frederick Warde opens to-morrow even
ing with his latest success, "King Lear," at
the Macdonough Theater, Oakland. The
play wiJl be repeated on Friday. For the
rest of the week i he repertoire is as follows :
Tuesday evening, '"The Mountebank";
Wednesday evening, "The Lion's Mouth";
Thursday evening, "Virginius" ; Saturday
matinee, "Julius Caesar"; Saturday even
ing "Damon and Pythias."
Music Treat Forthcoming.
Mr. Frank Belcher, the talented vocalist
and popular Native Son, will give a con
cert at Native Sons' Hall on Thursday
evening, March 9. Mr. Belcher will be
assisted by select talent, comprising vocal
and instrumental soloists from both sides
of the bay.
THE STAGE FATS.
Why So Many Novels Have B«en Dr»
mnttzed This Seasou.
Tliis is a srreat year for literature on the
stage. Funny phrase, isn't it, when we
consider that the stage is a rather good
place for literature to visit. But this the
atrical season has been the most prolific
in years as regards the dramatization of
books for stage representation. The nov
elists are falling over themselves in wild
attempts to reach a playwright and with
him collaborate to enrich the stage. Thus
far this reason we have seen in Philadel
phia dramatizations of Mark Twain's
"Pudd'nhead Wilson." Richard Harding
Davis' "Her First Appearance" ("The
Littlest Girl") Dv Maurler's "Trilby,"
Hope's "The Prisoner of Zenda," Edward
Townsend's "Chimmie Fadden," Miss
Train's "A Social Highwayman" and Co
nan Doyle's "A Straggler of 1315," pro
duced here by Mr. Irving under the title
of "A Story of Waterloo." And now
wora comes that William Dean Howells is
collaborating with Paul Kester on a dra
matization of "The Rise of Silon Lapnam."
The play is to be produced by Wiiiiain H»f
Crane in the latter part of this season.
Evidently the novelists have found out
that the stage has greater pecuniary re
sults than booß-writing, all things being
equal. The successful playwright can buy
and sell the successful novelist, as a rule.
But when one is both a successful novelist
and a successful playwright— ah. of such
is the kingdom of heaven !— Footlights. •
BRIEFLY TOLD.
A Critic's Views Termi the PreM
Agent.
This is bow the New York Recorder
sums up last week's performances in
Gotham:
Lillian Russell— Dumb show and a kick.
"Robin Hood"— Two thousand years old
or thereabouts.
"Marriage"— Stuff.
Eleanora Duse— Art.
"Prisoner of Zenda"— Romance, a trifle
frayed.
"Gentleman Joe"— Stuff.
"The Heart of Maryland"— Cheap senti
ment.
Maud Adams— Art.
"A Black Sheep"— Nonsense.
Loie Fuller— Dress goods exhibit
1 The Sporting Duchess"— Cheap sport
ing drama.
Many Vaudevilles— Chiefly anatomical.
The following is how the critic of the
; same paper gives his comments on the ef
| fusions of the press agent :
t John Drew and his admirable company in
"The Squire of Dames" are attracting large
j and fashionable audiences to the Garrick
, Theater.^ During his present engagement Mr.
Drew will be seen in a new play.
Until then Mr. Drew will stilt coldly
around the stage in the "Squire of Dames/ 1
and Miss Adams will carry the piece, as
she has all the other pieces in which Mr.
j Drew has made his "great successes." !
Better one performance by Maud Adams
than a cycle of John Drew.
The run of "The Heart of Maryland" at
the Herald Square Theater seems to be indefi
nite. It it still drawing crowded houses.
Tuesday nitjht, in celebration of the one hun
dred and fiftieth performance, miniature sil
ver curfew bells will be distributed as souven
irs.
One month from date you could prob
ably collect all of the "silver curfew bells"
(sic) from the homes of worthy inhabitants
of Hackensack, Keokuk, Tukaboe and
Yaphank.
One may express the hope that the
manager of the "Heart of Maryland" had
no idea of bulling the silver market.
"Burmah," the stirring English military
melodrama, will bring its run at the Ameri
can to a close next Saturday night. It has
been a profitable one, and its great battle
scene has given excitement and pleasure to
thousand* of theater-goers. The drama is
handsomely staged.
I suppose that such noise was never heard
on any stage as nigbtlj assaults the tor
tured ear in "Barman." Take the children
to see "Burmah." Tney will like it. They
are usually fend of a boiler factory.
So many rf quests have been made for "Fe
dora" that through the kindtuu of Fanny
Davenport, who owns the American rights to
Sardou's drama, Duse will be seen as the pas
sionate Russian princess . before the close of
her present engagement.
Duse does all things well. Miss Daven
port says she is not afraid to play against
Duse.
Oh, what actresses dare do!
Dramatic Brevities. -,f 
James O'Neil will be the attraction to
follow "A Milt White Flag" at the Bald
win. -'--■:..
Sarah Bernhardt is the grandmother of
two little girls, the eldest about 6 years of
age. -t
On the 10th, 11th, 12th and 13th ins t. the
Dry-goods Men's Association will have a
benefit at the Columbia Theater. .
"The Strange Adventures of Miss
Brown" will come to this City with Ed
win Foy in the leading role.
The American humorist Robert J. Bur
dette will soon be an attraction at the
Auditorium entertainments.
Frank Mayo, it is said, has a promising
party of young actors and actresses in his
support in Mark Twain's "Pudd'nhead
Wilson." Frances Grahame, Eleanor Mo
SO£N£ FROM "THE SILVER KING" AT MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
SOME OF THE FACES SEEN IN "A MILK-WHITE FLAG" AT THE BALDWIN.
retti. Lucille LaVerne, Arnold Paly,
Franfc Carupau and Adolph Klaubsr are
young people who arc winning a reputa
tion in "Puiid'nhi'ad Wilson."
The New York Recorder says: The San
tuzza of Duse is perhaps the most won
derful ami vivid piece of characterization
this stage or any other has ever seen.
Richard Mansfield recently produced a
nc-w version of "Robert Macairo" in Kan
sas City. The piece will be in the actor's
repertoire when he co-mes to the Baldwin.
Henderson's "Sinbati" Company in
cludes quite a number nf people who nave
never been seen In San Francisco with that
organization, which this year numbers
112 people.
A few years ago Manager Hammerstein
of New Yuri: was the editor of a tobacco
journal at i(.iS a week. Royalties from
patents brought him $200,000, and now be
owns a $3,000,000 theater.
AN UNEXPECTED LEGACY.
It Led to the Discovery of
a Forgotten Ro
mance.
Why Susan Srribner Left Her Prop
erty to Her "Nephews and
Nieces."
A peculiar story has been unearthed by
Charles J. Heggerty in his search for the
facts of the life of a Mrs. Susan Scribner.
Mrs. Scribner died in this City on January
29, 1894, leaving the greater part of her
$HO,OOO estate to her four "nieces and
nephews."
The legatees denied having an aunt by
the name of Susan Scribner and they could
not prove, therefore, that they were the
ones mentioned in the will. The attorney
investigated the case and found that the
"nieces and nephews" of Mrs. Scribner
were her own children, and that they were
so designated in the will to hide the past
of their mother.
Mrs. Serioner was the wife of John C.
Scribner, whom she married a good many
years ago. Previous to her marriage to
him she was living with a man named
Tom Hogan, with whom she eloped from
her first husband, Richard Barnes. She
had married tfarnes in 1827 ana the fonr
children to whom she left her property
were the result of this union.
In leavinc them her money she spoke of
them as the children of Richard and
Hanna Barnes. Bhe herself had been
known as Susannah or Raima Barnes.
Mrs.. Scribner had left her home in 1845.
The man she went, with was a boarder in
tho house kept by herself and her husband.
She has never seen her children from the
time she left them, and it was to keep
from calling up the memories of her pasi
that she lelt her property to her "nephews
and nieces."
FIVE DESIGNS FAVORED
Architects Who Have Chances
for Municipal Building
Prizes.
ONE WILL GST NO PREMIUM.
All the Estimates Were Close to
$; 75,030 — Names of the Fa
vored Designers.
Five of the sixteen architects who sub
mitted plans, specifications and estimates
to tbe Supervisors for the new municipal
building that is to be erected on the site of
the oid City Hall were made glad yester
day by having the result of their labors
recommended by the Municipal Buildings
Committee of the board lor further consid
eration.
Of these five designs the one that makes
the most impression on the board will
gain for its author the contract for super
vising the construction of the building,
the second will receive a prize of $750, the
third $500 and the fourth $200.
It was the original intention of the com
mittee to pick out four designs, each one
of which would receive a prize, but after
three had been selected the committee
divided on the fourth, Supervisors Spreck
els and Hirsch being in favor of recom
mending the design of Smith <fc Freeman,
while Supervisors Benjamin nnd Wagner
stood out for that of J. Cather Newsom.
A compromise was reached by admitting
both designs into the recommended list.
Supervisor SprecKels made tie motion
to favor the design of W. 0. BanKs. while
Supervisor Wagner stood sponsor for that
of Moo«cr <fe Mooser. Shea ife Shea's de
sign was favored on motion of Supervisor
Hirsch. The estimates of cost of the build
ings designed by the five architects arc as
follows:
W. O. Ranks, $274,871; Mooser <fc Mooser,
Shea & Shea and J. C. Newpom, $275,000
each, and Smith & Freeman, $274,901.
The committee then decided on render
ing the following report to the board:
Gentlemen: Your Committee on Municipal
Buildings wcVuld respectfully state that it has
devoted considerable time in critically exam
ining the different plans and specifications
for the erection of a municipal building, and
hns from ihe sixteen different designs selected
those 01' W. O. Banks, Mooser & Mooser, Shea &
Shea, Smith A Freeman and J. Gather Ne wsom—
five in all. The committee endeavored to make
a selection of four plans to report back to the
board for its determination as to the plans and
specifications to be selected, but was unablo
lo agree as to the superiority of the respective
plans of Smith & Freeman and J. Gather Hew
so in.
The plans selected are those which your I
committee recommend for the consideration '
of the board to determine the plan to be
chosen for the erection of the building on the
site of the old city Hall; also the plans which
in respect to mcrii are entitled to tne prizes of
$750, #500 and $250 respectively.
Your committee, in view of the number of
competitive plans submitted, many of which
are meritorious, rcgrei that more premiums
were Hot offered, as many of the architects
must have spent considerable time and labor)
in designing and preparing the plans, specifi
cations and estimates.
Your committee further recommend that*
the clerk be instructed to return to the respect- !
ive architects the t>lans which have not been ;
selected by the comiui nee for further consid
eration.
A REAL BAD MAN.
Pedro Cuda Has a Mania for Attempt
ing to Kill Dissolute
Women.
Pedro Cnda, a sailor, is a real bad man.
He has a mania for attempting to kill dis
solute women. Yesterday morning his
preliminary examination was held before
Judge Conlan on the charge of assavKing
Marguerite Marceau of St. Mary's place
with a deadly weapon. The Judge held
him to answer before the Superior Court
in $2000 bonds.
While the examination was going on
Detective Ed Gibson went into the court
room and recognized Pedro as Juan Go
mez, who was held to answer on March
13, 1893, for a similar assault upon a Chi
nese woman. On a previous occasion he
was arrested for trying to kill a woman in
Qnincy place.
Pedro boasts of having killed two men.
Recently he was involved in a row on the
water front, when the captain of a vessel
was stabbed, and it was thought Pedro
did the stabbing, but no proof could be
got against him.
He tried to create a scene in court yes
terday when the Judpe held him to an
swer, but he was promptly suppressed by
Kuilif! Kelly and Policeman Behan.
lark Music 'In-I»ttv.
The following programme has been arranged
or the open-air concert in Goldeu Gate Park
to-day :
March, "The Thunderer" 8ouo»
Overture, "Die irr'atitt urn's GSueck" Suppo
Selection, "Snr la Mntadetia" Vidnl
" f resiiiio Walls" ;.; Belcb ar
Selection or the popular songs of the day.. Brooks
Overture, "Mncbe'h" Hatton
Trombone quartet (Mlected) '
Messrs; Tohin, Scheii. r, Pruf fe- and Bellman.
Reminiscences of Bellini .Arranged by Godfrey
With solos for all Instruments.
"Ballet, de Coppella" ... .I^o Del! ben
"Ma Ani{eline,".coon two-step march. ripe Johnson
Liverpool machinists receive 'a weekly
average pay of $8.
NEW TO-DAY.
I A DYINGS PARK
! Stop Right Now! Don't Light An.
other! You're Burning
Your BFains.
,
j WRECKS ALONG _THE STREET-SIDE.
ixw lull Ofttimes tobacco's vie-
jT *\JndAms look at the dying
"\|t^^ O spark in the cigar stump,
\2i(* or at the big masticated
<w£^< "chaw" of tobacco just
"~}A expectorated, and with
Vr^ nerves nicotinized with
—iLM ■jij. '■ j ' J] tobacco, mentally re-
l^sL^>^ . .*^\ solve, '' Now, that is my
%i^nMMia^i last. I will never use it
j again, i know that it is. injuring me
i physically and financially and my nerves
j are becoming so irritated that I can't
! stpnd the ; least annoyance." What is ; the
j result? These good resolutions are gen-
i erally made while the effect of the use of
tobacco practically paralyzes the craving 3
of millions of irritated nerve centers and
just as soon as the effects commence to
pass away there good resolutions weaken,
showing conclusively that the use. of. to-
bacco is not a habit but a disease of the
j nervous system caused by the education
i of the nerves to crave for the nicotine
] poisoning. "What, then, is the easy, per-
manent, natural way to relieve yourself of
the use of tobacco? Certainly not by dis-
continuing it and suffering the nervous
reaction and prostrating effects and
mental degeneracy sure to follow the long
and continued use of tobacco. Does it
not suggest itself to you that the natural
thing to do is to take a remedy that is
specifically prepared to eradicate the
effects of the nicotine in the system and to
overcome ■■ the ■ nerve-craving effects and
restore the tobacco-irritated: nerves to a
I normal and healthy condition? To this,
we all say "Yes, where is the remedy? 1 '
Yon will find it: in No-To-Bac. This is
easily eaid and we all naturally ask for
proof. Certainly. If No-To-Bac fails to
| cv.re, The Sterling Remedy Company, of
j New York, Montreal and Chicago have so
! much faith in their remedy, that they
positively guarantee to refund the money,
and the concern being owned and oper-
I ated by some ;of the most reputable busi-
ness men of the Enst and West, is abso-
lutely- reliable and, we are glad to say,
able in every way to live up to its guar-
antee. •;. . .- ,- . ■•■-■ : .-/' :: • /
The sale of No-To-Bac within the past
few years has assumed enormous propor-
tions, almost -entirely developed upon its
• -merits and the recommendations of the
\ ! cured.; So great -is the sale that it is
i hardly possible to go into any leading
; drugstore without rinding it .on sale, and
the druggist has nothing but words of
praise to give it. : ■ - " : ; •■:•-..•- - ;
. . . ' ■ . ' . ■ ■
A PHYSICIAN WHO HAS DBVOTKD THIR-
JA. ty years to the treatment of biood disease, and
I who Is in possession of a form Ola which has never
failed to cure syphilis In any stage, will ratio any
case under n positive guarantee to cure or refund
I money. . Consult him at once. .Write for full in-
I formation, free, to the Mofr«t Chemical Co., room 1
! 632 Market st., Sari Francisco, Cal. Openeveniii"»
! 7 to 8 and Sundays 10 to l'J. OS
__ . ______»_____ __ _ , _
I Weak Men and Women
| OHOULt) USE DAMIANAKITTKIiS.TfIIS
i *J great Alex.can Itemedy; giv©« JAealUi »»<
j Strength, to tUo Sexual Organ* *"•»» •■«HOW A CONFEDERATE
PRIVATEER WAS CAPTURED IN
SAN FRANCISCO BAY.
It was in 1863," said WDlard B. Far-!
1 of. the California Pioneers' Society, as j
he settled down in a fine old easy-chair to
tril about the capture of pirates on the
bay of San Francisco during the War of
the Rebellion.
"Yes, lam sure that was the year. I
was Naval Officer of the port at the time. !
Captain Edward Travera was a ship
broker, and he came to me one day in
February and said he had been employed
to buy a vessel for some men who were
going to turn pirates under the sanction of
the Confederate Government.
'The war was going on, and the men
that Travers represented had planned to
tit up the vessel as a privateer under a
letter of marque from Jeff Davis.
'T asked Travers to keep me informed of j
everything that was done, and he said he
would. He came the next day and told
me that he had bought the schooner J. M.
Chapman for Aubrey Harpending, llidge
ley Greathouse and a young Englishman
named A. Rubery. These were the pro
jectors of the privateering enterprise.
"For about three weeks Captain Travers
made daily reports to me, with informa
tion of the guns, ammunition and sup
plies that were purchased. I called in Dr.
John T. McLean, now of Alameda, as he
was Surveyor of the Port at that time. He
ana I co-operated, and we knew about
everything that was going ou aboard of
the schooner.
"Well, at the end of three weeks Travers
notified me that the Chapman wa? coing
to sail next day. The sloop-cf-war Cyane,
Captain Paul Shirley, was in the harbor,
lying over toward Goat Island, in about '
•what is now the track of the Oakland
ferry steamers. I arranged with him a
code of signals, and he held two boats'
crews of heavily armed men ready for ac
tion at a moment's notice.
"Then I chartered the steam tag Ana
sha and stationed her at the Clay-street
wharf, with fires banked. I called Captain
Lees of the Police Department, and he.
Dr. McLean and I went aboard of the tug
t.> remain all night. The Chapman was
at the Pacific-street wharf, 1 believe.
•At about 3 o'clock in the clear morning
oi March 15, I remember it well, we saw
the Chapman haul out into the stream
and droo anchor to wait for the breeze.
She had not cleared for any port. Wei
gave the signal to Captain Shirley, show- j
ing two red lights from the head of the |
wharf, and started after the schooner with j
the tug Anasha. We got to her'just about j
as the two boats from the Cyane came up i
from the other side.
"We all went aboard, but Greathonse
The Capture of the Privateer Schooner J. 31. Chapman in the Bay Off Goat Island.
[Sketched by a "GatS" artist from a description furnished bj W. B. la.icrU.]
and Rubery and one or two men forward
were all that seemed to be there.
"Greathonse came up to me with a big
B how of anger and wanted to know what
business I had there.
" 'You go below,' I replied, 'and con
eider yourself under arrest.'
'He grumbled, but he did as he was
ordered. Rubery and the others were ar
rested, too.
"Captain LeP3 then took a candle and
began exploring the ship. He got in
through a bulkhead somewhere by taking
out a plank. He stayed in there a min
ute and then he backed out to where we
were and he said:
" 'I don't think there are more than
twenty -five or thirty of the d d scoun
drels in there.' Tuat was just the ex
pression he used.
"We went up on deck and took the
main hatch off, and there we found Har
Dr. John T. McLean, Who "a £n.vcyor of hi l-o t at the Time of the Capture
of the Pnvatocr J Rt. CVapm-n
[from a photograph.]
lending and nearly twenty others. We
put them all under arrest and took the
Chapman right in tow to AJcatraz. The
prisoned we turned over to Captain Win
der, who was a Virginian but remained
loyal, and they were all locked up.
"Captain Lees went oark to the hold of
the schooner, and he picked up a lot of
little bits of paper that he bad seen there.
He picked un ever; scrap there was, and
by putting them together he obtained the
entire letter of marque. It had been
issued by Jeff Davis to Rubery, if my irn
prcssion is right, or peihaps to Harpend
ing. Stowed away in the schooner was a
splendid equipment of arms."
Mr. Farwell paused to recall what there
was in the outfit, and then lie went on:
''The pirates had two big brass how
itzers— 12- pounders— a lot of sea-rilies and
Other guns, swords, a Coifs navy revolver
and a bowie-knife to each man and a com
plete supply of ammunition. The equip
ment was "valued at $4000. It was the
intention, we afterward learned, to go
down to the Mexican coast somewhere and
take on some additional big guns.
"You see, the California steamers used
to take about $2,000,000 in srold at every
voyage in those days, sailing twice a
month, and the privateers intended to
capture two of the steamers, take the gold
and general cargoes and then sinu the
vessels. They figured that they could
capture the steamship Oregon and an
other of the steamers before word could be
sent to the authorities, and then go to
Victoria and divide the spoils.
"We began proceedings against the
prisoners, and Harpending, Greathouse
and Kubery were convicted and sentenced
to ten years' imprisonment. The others
were not tried. Judge Hoffman tried the
cases. Harpending tried t tie insanity
dodge, and tore his hair out in handiuls,
but he was examined by Dr. McLean and
others, and lie finally jrave it up.
"Soon after that President Lincoln is
sued an amnesty proclamation. Harpen
ding and Greathouse were brought before
the court then by their lawyers on writs of
habeas corpus, and they were released.
Rubery, being an English subject, did
not come under the terms of the proclama
tion, but he was liberated through the
intercession of John Bright.
'•The Rubery case was regarded as estab
lishing an important precedent, and it
was recently brought up in England — in
the Mrs. Muybrick case Ithink.
"Greathouse was rearrested on the same
charge later, there being some question as
to the legality of his release, and he was
placed at Fort Lafayette in New York
harbor. He escaped by swimming ashore
from the island, and he got away to
Europe.
"The following year I was in Paris and
_. -.^
while I was walking along the street a
man came ud to me, smiling, and held out
his hand. 'How are you, Mr. Farwell?'
he said. It wasGreathouse. He was good
natured and he showed no animosity on
account of his arrest.
"Harpending was afterward in the big^
'diamond mine' operations at Arizona, ana
he has been successful in California gold
mining.''
At the time of the stirring adventures
related by Mr. Farwell the schooner Chap
man was commanded by Captain Low.
The captain was not aboard at the time of
the capture of the ship, but ho was after
ward arrested and he turned State's evi
dence.
•The records show that the Chapman had
taken a cargo of quicksilver, worth $26,000,
clearing for an Eastern port. Barron it
Co. were the owners of the quicksilver, but
the privateers would have succeeded the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
W. B. Farwell, Who Was Naval Officer of the Port and Assisted In the Capture
of the Privateer J. M. Chapman.
[From a photograph.]
firm in that capacity if they had got
out of the harbor.
Uniforms were found in the schooner
and there was a copy of the oath by which
all the men swore that if any member of
the party should prove recreant they
would not rest until they had killed him.
The names of the men in the privateer
ing venture, aside from those already men
tioned, are: First Orlicer Libbie, Thomas
Reole, Joseph \V\ Smith, Alfrod Armond,
Henry C. Boyd, R. H. Duval, W. D.
Moore, J. W. McFadden, William M.
Maron, John E. Kent, Albion T. Crow, D.
W. Brown, John Fletcher, James Smith,
George W\ Davis and M. 11. Marshall.
An official report that was made to
Gideon Welles, Secretary of the Navy, is as
follows:
Cokxandant's Office, )
Navy-yap. (», Mare Island, ('al../
Marcu 17, 18t>tf. )
Sir: I have the honor to inform you oi the
capture of the schooner J. SI. Chapman on the
13th inst. by the boats <•£ the United Stntes
ship Oyane, in the harbor of Sau Francisco,
which vessel, there is every reason to believe,
was, from the munitions of war found on
board and the large number of her crew, de
signed to prey upon our commerce.
A Dopy of lieutenant-Commander Shirley's
report ia herewith inclosed.
The capture of this vessel Is conclusive evi
dence of the importance of having a vessel of
war at all times lying off the City of San Fran
cisco.
I am, sir, very respectfully, your obedient
servant, Thoh. O. Selfridoe,
CormiiHndant.
Hon. Gideon Welles, Secretary of the >nvy,
Washington, D. C.
The report inclosed with that letter to
Secretary Welles ia as follows:
United States Ship Cyane. )
San Francisco HaBBOB, March 17, 1803. \
Sir- Having bec-n apprised by Mr. Rankin,
the Collector, and Dr. McLean, the Surveyor of
the Port, that the schooner J. If. Chapman wan
fitting out here, and would soon put to sea for
the purpose of preying upon our com mere*', I
determined to seize her, and now have the
honor to report that cfbout daylight on the
morning of the IStb inst. I was informed by
the officer of the deck that the said schooner
was getting under way, when 1 dispatched two
armed boats under Lieutenant Yaies, the ex
ecutive officer of this ship, with orders to seize
her and then act iv conjunction with the civil
authorities.
The schooner was taken without resistance
and brought to anchor, immediately after
which the Surveyor of the Port and W.B. Far
well, the Xaval "Officer, went alongside in a
3team tug, and, taking the schooner in tow,
proceeded over to Fort Alcatraz, where the
cargo was examined, and among other things
guns, ammunition, etc., found on board. Some
seventeen persons had been found concealed in
the hold, who were confined in Aicatraz; and
the schooner was then brought up and an
chored near this ship. I put an officer and four
men to look out for her, a policeman also re
maining on board. The crew of the schooner,
four in number, I had brought on this ship and
put under the sentry's charge. The greater
part of the cargo was discharged at Alcatraz.
All of which is submitted and instructions
asked for.
1 have the honor to be, sir, your obedient
servant, Paul Shikj.ey,
Lieutenant^Commander.
T. O. Selfridge, Commandant Navy-yard,
Mare isiaud, Cal.
It is an odd fact that in February, 1862,
a little more than a year before the cap
ture in this bay, the schooner J.M. Chap
man gave valuable assistance to a United
States line-of-battle ship that was nearly
wrecked on the Massachusetts coast. '-.;- The
Vermont had started ; from Boston in tow
of two < tugboats, bouud ; for Port Royal,
S. C. In a tremendous pale the tow lines
were let go. i The Nantuck'et Shoal? were
barely avoided, the Vermont's rudder
having been r -> carried >■'-% away, and then
the schooner Chapman came in sight and
remained six days with the disabled Ver
mont."."The Vermont was: nearly wrecked
where the steamer San Francisco was lost
in 1803. rv ' ".-. ■•■"■■■■ " : ■ .•■•■;! - '■■■'■■.
The schooner J. M. Chapman was from
New London, Conn., and when she gave
relief to the battle-ship Vermont she wus
under the command of Captain A. J.
Chapman. On coming to this port she
was bought by Broker Travers for the men
who attempted to make a privateer oi iaer.
She was a splendidly built schooner, of
beautiful lines, and was a rapid sailer.
At the time of the capture of the Chap
rnun in this harb;>r there was a general
attempt, though feeble and without any
prospect of success, to "lire the Southern
heart" throughout the State. A report of
a threatened uprising was made by the
Sheriff of Napa. County, who warned the
officers of Mare Island of a plan, nurtured
at Napa, of capturing the navy-yard.
There was also a project of taking posses
sion of a steamer at Sacramento, secretly
advancing and taking possession of the
arsenal at ßenicia and then hurrying on,
to add Alcatraz and Fort Point to the
Confederate strongholds.
A SUMMER PROGRAMME
The Olympic Club Athletes
Will Meet the Mult
nomah Flyers.
Games That Will Be Held Here in
April— Cross-Country Run '
and Clambake.
■ ~
The directors of the Olympic Club will
try their utmost to create a stirring inter
est in outdoor sport this summer. If the
athletes will appreciate the good work the
officers of the club and the Pacific Athletic
Association are doing in their behalf there
will, most assuredly, be a boom in athletics,
this year. ; W. .
Captain Leonard Gill of the Olympics
has arranged the following extensive pro
gramme of sport, which should attract the
attention of athletes who will be given an
opportunity of proving to the sport-loving
public what they are really capable of ac
complishing in Held and track athletics.
"Commencing on April 5," said Captain
Gill, "a 100-yard handiaap race, open to
all amateur members of the Pacific Asso
ciation, will be held at the outdoor grounds.
"On April 12 a 220-yard handicap wiil be
held, and on April 17 a half-mile handicap
will oe run. Tbe two men winning the
greatest number of points in those events
will receive respectively beautiiul gold and
silver medals.
"The idea in giving those races is to
bring out the Jatent mleiit from among
the members, and to encourage the boys
to go ahead and practice assiduously lor
the championship games which, I pre
dict, will be notly contested this year.
"I propose picking a rattling good team
of ten athletes from the local fraternity
with the object of paying Portland, Or., a
visit in June. The president of the Mult
nomah Athletic Club is very anxious to
place a team which will represent Oregon
in an all-round outdoor athletic competi
tion against a team from the Olympic
Club.
"The latter team will, of course, repre
sent California. It is through competi
tion* of this kind that an interest in clean
athletic sport will be aroused. Possibiy
Los Angeles may also be included in tho
programme of games that will be arranged
later on to cover various parts of the coun
try.
"Just as soon as the weather will permit
of a tramp in the interior 1 will order it
cross-country run from San Mateo to the
beach, where the boys will enjoy a clam
bake of the most elaborate k :ui. On the
evening of the 31st inst. a championship
wrestiing tournament will be held at the
Olympic Club, and the weights will be 125,
1-10 and 158 pounds.
"Any of the entrants who will scale more
than the last-named ligures will be classi
fied as heayy-weighta. You may note
therefore that" athletics will receive aa im
petus this spring and summer."
Professor George Miehling of the Olym
pic Club presented the famous head-bal
ancers, the Pantzer brothers, with a gold
medal, valued at $250, last evening at the
Orpheum Theater. The directors and pro
fessors of the Olympic Club, who had wit
nessed the wonderlul balancing feats of
these famous athletes, placed their signa
tures to a card, on which was printed in
golden letters words complimentary to
those daring and famous German athletes.
JAPANESE HEMP.
A Cheftp California Article Substituted
for »n Expensive Calcutta Jute.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation will soon branch out in a new di
rection by organizing a home product club
in Bakersfield, Tulare County, that will be
an auxiliary to the institution in this City.
As soon as the Bakersfield club is organ
ized that body and the parent organiza
tion will make an investigation into the
possibilities of cultivating Japanese hem p.
In sevoral parts of the United Mates this
fibrous plant has been raised with success.
I n the Middle States it grows six feet in
height, but experiments in Tulare County
show that it attains a height of fifteen feet
and two crops a year can De gathered. In
that county an acre of the Tielta ground
will produce about 4000 pounds, worth 8
cents per pound. The cost of production
is not over $50 an acre.
The intention is to have the Japanese
hemp take the place of jute for bags, twine,
etc. A man in Bakerstield claims that he
has perfected a machine that cleans the
fiber ready for commercial purposes.
The local officers of the association have
sent letters of inquiry to Mr- Rutherford
of the Oakland JiUemills and to the super
intendent of the juteruills at San Quentin
with the view of learning if the hemp from
the Japanese plant can be substituted for
the Calcutta jute now being used. If so a
new industry will immediately spring up
in this State. ; •
fElifliiilEATßL
Hard to Convince Critics and Doubters,
Although Drs. Copeland and i
Neal's Offices Are Well
Patronized.
READ SYMPTOMS ~ CAREFULLY.
Disease, When Taken at Its Incipiency,
Is Easily Conquered, Hence Delay . i
Is Dangerous.
"■ - .'■■. •.■ ~ ~ ■ - ■'• ' ,' '" ;
IF: ONE COULD GET THE READING AND
, . thinking public to accept the exact, unqual-
ified truth, regarding the ..work '.Drs': ; Copeland
and Neal are doing, ; no! building in the city
would bo large enough to ; accommodate the
crowds that would flocic to them.
The exact truth, painted by no exaggeration,
dulled by no atmosphere of advertising. The
exact truth : Just who Drs. Copeland and Neal
are, what their vast experience nas been, how
many cures they have effected, .what means
they use to cure their patients, what medicines
they provide, by what management the very
best medicines and the very best skill are
afforded the people at fees ■ hardly one-fourth
: of those usually charged.
Great numbers of people suffer from
the malign poisons of catarrh, as from
other subtle chronic maladies, without
any correct or definite idea of the nature
of their affliction. The 'following symp-
toms have been carefully arranged by
Dr. Copeland to enable many sufferers to
understand just what it is that ails them.
Many diseases, known under " various
specific . names, are really of catarrhal
origin and: nature. Every part of. the
mucous membrane, the nose, throat,
eyes, ears, head, lungs, stomach, liver,
bowels, kidneys, etc., are subject to
disease and blight by catarrh. The
proper course for sufferers is this : . Read
these symptoms carefully over; mark
those that apply to your case and bring
this with you to Dr. Copeland. If you
live away from the city, send them by
mail and ask for mail treatment. In
either instance, and whether by mall or
oflice treatment," the patient may be as-
sured of the speediest relief and cure
possible to medical science.
"CATARRH of the HEAD and THROAT.
The most prevalent form of catarrh re-
sults from neglected colds. Speedy and
inexpensive cure by the Copeland sys-
tem.
"Is the breath foul ?"
"Is the voice husky
"Do you spit up slime ?" ■ •
"Do you ache all over?" , r •
"Do you blow out scabs '!"
"Is the nose stopped up ?".
"Do you snore at night ?".
"Does your nose discharge ?"
"Does the nose bleed easily ?" •
"Is there tickling in the throat ?"
"Do crusts form in the nose ?"
"Is the nose sore and tender ?"
"Do you sneeze a great deal ?",
"Is this worse toward night ?"
- "Does the nosu itch and burn ?"
" Is there pain in front of bead ?'
- "Is there pain across the eyes ?"
. "Is there pain In back of head ?"
"Is your sense of smell leaving ?"
' "Do" you hawk to clear the throat ?"
"Is there a dropping in the throat ?"
"Is the throat dry in the mornings?"
"Are you losing your sense of taste ?"
"Do you sleep with the mouth open ?"
"Doe's your nose stop up toward night V
CATAKRH of the BRONCHIAL TUBES.
."When catarrh of tho head a«d throat is
left unchecked it extends down the wind-
pip© into the bronchial tubes and in time
attacks the lungs. Speedy and Inexpen-
sive cure by the Copeland system.
"Have yon a con i?h?" ..
.: "Are you losing flesh?"
' '"Do you cough at night?"
' "Have you pain in side?"
"Do yon take cold easily?" '
"Is your appetite variable?" 3
: "Have you stitches in side?" -
"Do you cough until you gag?"
-. "Are you low-spirited at times?" .* ;
: "Do you raise frothy material ?"..•, :
"Do you p pit up yellow matter?' 1 r
- "Do you cough on going to bed?"
''Do you couch In the morning? 11 -
"Is your cough short and hacking?"
.. "Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?" t >
| "Have you a disgust for fatty foods?"
"ft there, tickling behind the palate?"
"Have you pain behind breastbone?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"' -y,
"Is there a. burning pain in the throat?"
"Do you cough worse night and morning?"
"Do you have to bit up at night to get
breath?' 1 .
CATARRH OF THE KIDNEYS.
Catarrh of the kidneys results either
from colds or from overwork of the kid-
neys ,in separating from the blood the
poisons that have, been absorbed from
catarrh of other organs. \ Speedy and in-
expensive cure by. the Copelaud system.
. "Do your hands and feet swell?" :
"Is this more noticeable in the mornings?"
"Arc they cold and clammy?*"
"Is there pain in small of back?"
"Is the urine dark and cloudy?" ,
"'■ "Does a deposit form when left standing?"
"Is there a desire to get up at night?"
"Do you see spots lloatinc: before the eyes?"
■ "Are the eyes dull and staring." 1
"Is there a bud taste in mouth?"
"Have you pain in topof bead?"
"Is your hair getting gray?" • .
"If so, is it silvery wuite?"
• "Is the skin dry and harsh?"
"Is the hair dry and brittle?"
- "Is there nausea after eating?"
■ "Has the perspiration a bad odor?" ■
. "Is there puflines.s under the eyes?" •.-..■»
"Are there dark rings around the eyes?" ,
"Is the skin pale and dry?" ,'.■•;.
"Has the skin a waxy look?"
"Do you sco ' unpleasant things while
asleep?" ■ '^ •
"Have you chilly feelings down the back?"
"Do the joints pain and ache ?"
, "Do tho legs feel too heavy? '
: ! CATARRH OF THE EARS.
Catarrh extends from the throat along
the Eustachiah' tube into the ears, caus-
ing defective hearing. Speedy and Inex-
pensive cure by the. Copeland system.
"Is your hearing failing?" ■ •
"Do your ears discharge?". ,; _ ;
"Are the ears dry and scaly?" '
"Do the ears itch and burn?" : '. v '
"Is the wax dry in the ears?"
"Is there a throbbing in ears?"
"Are you gradually getting deaf?" r ■
"Have you pain behind the ears?"
"Is there a buzzing sound heard?"
"Do you have a ringing In the ears?"
"Are there cracking sounds heard?" 
"Is your hearing bad cloudy, days?"
' "Do you have earache occasionally ?'.'..
"Are the sounds like steam escaping?"
' "Do you constantly hear noises in the ears?"
"Do your ears hurt when you blow the nose?"
"Is there a roaring like a waterfall in head?"-
-: "Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Do the noises in the ears keep you awake?"
"When you blow . your : nose : do the ears
crack? ; ■ ' v ' : '. '
d "Is your ; hearing worse when you have a
cold? ■______
$5 A MONTH.
No fee larger than $5 a month asked for any
disease. Our motto is: "A Low. Fee. . Quick.
Cure. Mild and Painless Treatment." ' .
The Copland Medical Instituts,
PERMANENTLY ■ LOCATED IN THE , ; f '
COLUMBIAN BUILDING,
r ■ ; SECOND FLOOR, . ; ■ .
91 6 Market St. Next to Baldwin Hotel,
\ >■-- Over'Beamish's. - ■ '-
. ■ W. H." COPELAND,* M.D.
, J. G. NEAL, M.D. ;
SPECIALTIES— Catarrh ; and all diseases of
the Eye. Ear, Throat and Lungs. Nervous Dis- 1
eases, Skin Diseases, Chronic Diseases. ; ■
: Office ; hours— a. m. to si p. m., 2t05 p. ic,
7to 8 :30 p. m. ■•■ Sunday-10 a. m. to 2p. M. :
Catarrh troubles and kindred diseases treated
successfully -by mail. Send 4 cents in stamps
, for question circulars. • ■ '. : J ""- * """
NEW TO-DAY-AMUSHIMENTB.
BALDWIN THEATER. EXTR^.
3 Weeks— Opening Monday March 9th,
HOYT'S
Greatest Success, the Stupendous Spectacular Musical
Comedy and Military Satire,
A MILK WHITE FLAG !
r 1 ..-~ mi .if jiijr/ :,ji i
A Tribute to Our Citizen Soldiers by One Who Would E
Gladly, Join Their Ranks If He Knew How to Dance. ' j
Will Be Produced Exactly as During Its Phenomenal Run at Hoyt's H
Theater, N. V., with a great cast and complete scenic outfit. , '?
BRASS BAND, NEWEST CATCHY MUSIC! 1
A LAUGHING TRIUMPH! I
SO-PEOPIjB !-5O 1
BALDWIN THEATER ORPHEUM.
Ax Hayman & Co. (Incorporated) .... Proprietors i OTarrell Street. Between stoclcton an! Pa ■vail. ;
-«\ JT- •~~ "^ 1(; " T ~^. .--- | MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), MARCH 8.
i\/J /\ I— V »^TrjT«C ' Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, any seat, 10c;
JJ"-^A— I- * lfc -' J -V' Jt *' Children, 10c, any part.
- The great Parisian violinist, In ■ r-
GRA2*l> O'CKKSTRAL CONCERT AS DIPOSING NEW BILL!
. -. At: 1 opnlar Prices— 2sc t0*81.50. ■ S — -NEW PEOPLE!— B
Orchestra of 40- — A. Hinrichs, Conductor. ,,, , _ ■*L 1 t\-'f*\t , ivic
. MItS. E. H. PALMER, Vocalist. WILLS AND COLLINS, • *
MRS. nr. J. hinbichs, Accompanist. • ALBURTUS AND BARTRAM,
BKILLIANT PKOGKAJIMK THF ANnPPSONS '
Overture, "1mH0ch1and"................ Gade - * -rwc re rV ir' r,.r-
Grand Concerto, Op. • 10 (allegro moderato) 1 rib DE FILIPPIS, '
.......,.....................". .........Vieuxtemps THP PANT7FRS
- • MarsiCK and orchestra. me ArN liCK:>
CantabUe from "Samson etDellia"......Saint-Saen» And Our Renowned- Vaudeville Co.
; Mrs. Ernest H. Palmer and orchestra. • — —
Concerto MaV^andorchVst r a:- Mendelssohn THE 'AUDITORIUM, '
Marsick and orchestra. THE AUDITORIUM,
Jlelodio, Op. 8, No. 3, from "Chants dv Voy- Corner of Jones and • Eddy Streets. > <
ageur" Paderewski Friedlander, Gotllob & Co., Lessees and Managers
:..-... ■ - . - ( >rchPstra. . .-- - ..•,»-..-.—.. . ..... ....... ... ™— i • ... -„,-.., . . >- ** <-i ,.,
Song, "A Summer Night"....... A. Goring Thomas T ; -TO-NIGHT — .■
b■ U Mrs Ernest II Palmer and orchestra. La st performances Monday and Tuesday.
Rondo Capriccioso ................Salnt-Saens The Wonder of the Nineteenth Century, .
... Marsick »nd orchestra. jSL.JSriNr.A. E!'\7'^\. DP'^Sl."??" I
Aragonaise from "LeCid"...... ...... ....Ma55enet Thousands Bewildered If iuhtly! .
i; ,-■: Orchestra. Her Amusing and Mysterious Entertainment.
3IOXDAY NioilT-HOYT'S SO33WC2STC>IjE3Xrc;Tr 1
"A MILK WHITE FLAG." 1 Popular PriceB-15c, 25c and sOc.
THE AUDITORIUM, «=£
I'RIEDLANIXER, GOTTLOB & CO Lessees and Managers.
£ j^tf^^i The Greatest of All Masical Events! . <Q£§is^
//^^™^j; Engagement Extraordinary of <||S|laf§jt
fl^rl- Mine. Amalia Materna film
''"iSi : -'& M The World-renowned Wagnerlan Singer, • t-mSrs
'ms&i. Herr Ffanz"Ondricek, k^r
•?-" • \/. n A r/; The Great Bohemian Violinist. T^/ //[f '
A I / /' ISIDORE LUCKSXONE, Pianist. 1 -"4^iUv'
x VXy TWO GRAND CONCERTS!
THURSDAY EVENING, March 12, at 8:15, and '
SATURDAY AFTERNOON,. March 14, at 2:15.
The SALE OF SEATS will begin TO-MORROW (Monday) MORXING at 9 o'clock, at Sherman,
Clay <fc Co.'s music-bouse. RKBEKVKD SEATS— 50c. $1, $1 60 and $2. -
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKOSCO Sole Lessee and Manager
TO-MORROW EVENING MONDAY, HARCH 9,
NOW FOR THE CRACKER JACK!
Grand production, after weeks of preparation, of the incomparable English masterpiece,
"THE :: SILVER :: KING!"
Without a solitary exception
"TJio G-roatest Drama oJT tlio Ooxxtixry !»»
Prisented by the entire strength of oat stock company and
STAGED IX THE MOST ELABORATE STYLE!
NOTHING IN TOWN TO EQUAL THIS.
OUR USUAL POPULAR PRICES.
§$/*^ALCAZAft
3IATINEE TO-DAY AT 8 P. M.
PRICES— 35c, 35c, 50c-No higher.
"BOHEMIAN GIRL V
CARLETON OPERA CO.
Monday, "Charity Girls" and "Mikado"
Sunday matinee and night, March THE
BAILEY CONTINUOUS SiiOW— loo artists and
special ies.
niCOLADOLR.C-OTTLOD«» &• LtsiMAnonArtAatß*-"
•'', AiidTo-Night We. Leave You! -
FREEMAN'S FUNMAKERS in
"A RAILROAD TICKET!!
The Only Keal Fun in Town. .
Monday Next-EUGENE O'ROIiRKE in
"THE WICKLOW POSTMAN."
SHOOT THE CHUTES
AND TRIP THE TROLLEY!
•rO-X3f-A-75T, TO-DAY,
At Half-Fast Four,
The Most Daring Feat of the Decade !
DOUBLE PARACHUTE DROP
BY
ESSIE VIOLA and EMIL MARKEBERG.
ADMISSION- 10 CENTS.
Children (including Merry-Go- Ride), 10s.
MECHANICS' PAVILION. ;
March 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10 and 11. '
BICYCLE TIRMMMT
AND CYCLE SHOW!
OVER $3000 IN PRIZES !
i BICYCLE GIVEN AWAY EACH
'■'.I NIGHT ASA GATE PRIZE.
ALL THE CRACKAJACKS
CONTEST IN THE It ACES.
- ALL PRINCIPAL DEALERS COM-
PETE IN THIS CYCLE SHOW.
Admission— Afternoon 35c, Evening 50c
Children Under 13 Half Price. 'j-'-
MANHOOD RESTOBEDS—
9 IZCLimm ■■■'«llllllWM<'l|k|9.|.UllLUvitalizer,tliepfescrip.
W *<? nT ffs» *»v & tien ot a famous French physician, will quickly cure you of all nor-
lNV'lW!l^;v-,S-\l^? onB or diseases of the. generative, organs, such as Lost Manhood,
V. <aM» Vlv -^-^ll Insomnia^Pains In the Back, Seminnl Emissions. Nervous Debility,
I m^L T *flW|r Pimples, Lnfltness to Marry, Exhausting Drains, Varicocele and
Sr r■: V :.-/•' Constipation. » It stops all losses bydny or night * Prevents quick-
>»-/ ; ness of discharge, which if not checked leads to Spermatorrhoea and
OFFORF >Mn AFTER all the horrors of Impotency. CfTHIDE.^K cleanses the liver, thf
BEFOR6 * N0 M r Ttl *rkidneyBandtheiirtaaryorgans;oiaUlinporitleß. \ - **^
1 CVPIDEXE strengthens and restores small weak organs. •"■ '"->-;^ •■-•■. ' • •
' : , i The reason ■ sufferer; are not cured by Doctors is because ninety per cent are tronbled with
- Pro* tml it!*. CDPIDENE is the only known remedy to cnre without an operation. 5000 testimoni.
■ als. A written guarantee given and money returned if six boxes does not effect a permanent eura
■■■'. f 1.00 a box , six for (5.00, by mall. Send for free circular and testimonials* ;- : - ;
Address DATOL MEDICINE CO., 632 Market street, San Francisco, Cal. - For sale by
-;- --_ -v. --■-■- •■-; .-•■•-•- j;.. ■■ - v . BROOKS' PHAKMAUY, 119 Powell street.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Mes. Eb.nestise Kbelixq, Proprietor & Manager
TO-MIGIIT
LAST TiME!-LAST TIME !
"RIP
VAN WINKLE!"
SPLENDID CAST!
New Scenery!— — Correct Costumes!
— —TO-MORROW EVENING
The Merry Opera,
"THE HOOIiAHJ"
SONG— DANCE— -FUN. -
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MACDONOUGH THEATER
(OAKLAND).
6 Nights and Sat. Mat., beginning To-Morrow,
The Favorite Tragedian, •
FREDERICK WARDS.
Monday and Friday evenings.. " King Lear"
Tuesday evening.. ......' ."The Mountebank "
Wednesday evening " The Lion's Mouth "
Thursday evening. . .7.." Vinrimus "
Saturday Matinee.......... .'.." Julius Ciesar "
Saturday evening. " Damon and Pythias"
CHOICE SEATS NOW SELLING.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OR SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION SI. OO.
Take Southern Faciiic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. it.
Fare for' round trip, including admission to grand
stand, $1. Take Mission-street electric line direct
to track.
A. B. SPRECKELS, . W. S. LEA KB.
President. ■ - : Secretary..
WAGONS. CARRIAGES 111 HARNESS.
? ' '^iffliait.'' 1 Fifty per cent saved!
■^Q Sfff Jb'.iotury prices — Send
■ : \l^^^S^ Bupgies $75 to ifi'2s
LSBt* xaß JHrT^N. Carrm?e3..*loo to S'JOJ
X/3S?S^ w asojis....?si) toSIOO
P^B^^^^!K%^w^ I Ye shI P everywhere.
KX?WWCA/X AtQa\/ California Wagon and
Ca. 3ttVa to
■.^r 3 ™^^! - , ; - » - ,"™*44Vss. Fremont st., a. F.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
riH ABLE 3 • H. PHILLIPS, '*- ATTORNEY-AT>
\J law and Notary Public, 638 Market st., oppo
site Palace Hotel. Kesidence, 1620 Fell St. Tel»
phone 670. r Residence telephone. "Pine 2581."
2324
In Chilhoods Realm.
DEARY me, deary me, I just won
der sometimes if the boys and
cirls do care one single spec for
the mysterious somebody who
tries to please them so hard every
Sunday, and if they do why they won't re
member to write only on one. side of their
paper? I'm not real discouraged yet, but
I'm afraid I soon shall be. Lots of you do
remember, but some of you don't. Please
all remember after this, and you'll make
me ever and ever so happy.
I am glad to know that you are so much
interested in "Childhood's Realm," and it
makes me feel very joyful when the post
man brings your letters to me. lam es-
"RAGS" DOESN'T THINK IT IS IOLLY TO BE PELTED WITH SNOWBALLS
pecially interested when you tell me of
your home life, your pets and your work
and amusements.
Keep your eyes open, girls and boys;
watch the trees which grow around your
homes, the flowers and birds and animals
which are about you, and you will be sur
prised at the number of interesting and
wonderful things you will have to write
about. ' : "\"V U:'_
The Good Wind That Blew Nobody 111.
It blew a kiss from Elsie,
Straight from her finger-tips, .• ' .
Over the way to grandma.
And left it on her lips.
It blew slow Tommy 6Choolward, '
Ho he wasn't late again. .
It blew away the cobwebs :'
From puzzled Polly's brain.
It blew the dry leaves, dancing,
Hither and thither and yon,
And Ted with the sorry toothache . -
Forgot it, watching the fun.
It blew the Happing clothes dry
On Irish Nora's line.
It blew away a cloud or two
, From the face of the dear sunshine.
It blew a laugh from" the children
Into tired mamma's ear.
It blew past r><-bby's grieved blue eyes, .
And blew away a tear.
It blew the good ship By-Low,
Becalmed, with baby in it,
Due westward to Noddle's Island,
All in a twinkling minute.
Oh. it played the missionary
All the windy, livelong day,
And then, with a whistle merry,
It blew itself away!
Annie Hamilton Donnki-l In Youth's Com
panion. '
What Rags Thought of the Snow.
I sleep on an old lounge in the base
ment, and I can tell you I felt pretty cold
last night.
When I opened my eyes, and stretched
myself this morning, I thought I would go
and see if my breakfast was ready. ,
I climbed the cellar steps and looked
around. My ! how changed the back yard
was. Instead Of being all black ana brown
it was covered with a soft, white stuff that
I had never seen before. It looked good
enough to eat. Just like that creamy stuff
that is between the nice bits of cake I
some times eet; and so soft that it seemed
to me it must be just lovely to walk on; I
thought I'd try it. I did. Ouch ! how cold
it was! Maybe you think I didn't howl,
and scamper back to my lounge as fast as
I could.
Pretty soon I heard my little master
calling me very softly and. gently. He
was in the backyard. I forgot ail about
that horrid cold stuff and jumped at his
call; but alas! alas! Just as 1 was about
to reach him he and his brother began to
pelt me with great balls of that horrid
cold stuff, and then for the second time I
had to scamper back to my lounge, hun
gry and cold and covered with a kind of
■lush.
By and by my little master called me
again, and, as I love him very, very much,
when I heard his voice • 1;■ forgave him for
the way in which he had treated me and
gladly went to him— a little more slowly
than I usually go and with my eyes wide
open. . '.
"This time he did. not. pelt me, but took
me into the nice warm kitchen, and as I
was eating my breakfast he told ■ me ' all
about that horrid, cold ; stuff. -He said it
w£s bertt-ti-firi eoe w, Wd tJwt it was jolly^
fun to pelt folks with snowballs. I wagged
my tail and said, "Bow-wow, bow-wow,"
which meant, "I do not think so at all,
and hope the be-u-ti-ful snow will never,
never come here again."
SOMETHING STRANGE.
Coasting on Real Snow in San Fran
cisco.
Ont in the "warm belt" of the Mission,
as it is called, the snow fell quite heavily
last Tuesday morning. Tt was about an
inch deep, as all the boys and girls in that
part of the City found out. Two little
boys, Newton and Aubrey, who live on
Twenty-first street, near the corner of
! Dolores, had never seen snow in San
Francisco, so when their father looked out
the window at 4 o'clock in the morning
and saw the sncw coming down he awak
ened them and let them enjoy the sight,
as it may be a long time before they will
have another chance like it. It may not
happen again in their lifetime.
Newton and Aubrey were rolled up in
blankets to keep them warm, so they
wanted to wake up Muriel, their liitle
sister, but mamma would not let them do
it because Muriel will have lots of time for
watchine the snow when she gets bigger
and visits cold countries.
Just opposite the home of Newton and
Aubrey is a bright electric lamp, and when
the boys looked out at the snow it seemed
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
just like a scene at the theater, only pret
tier and more natural. They raised the
window and ra«ced in some snow from the
window-sill and made snowballs and threw
them across the street, and ate snow till
their teeth ached, just as if they lived in
Siberia or Chicago. -
But their greatest surprise and joy had
yet to come. They could scarcely sleep a
wink after they knew it was ; snowing, so
at 6 o'clock they were up again and dressed
and out on the street, rolling in the snow
like little Alaska Indians. All at once
they saw Samrnie and Harry, two of their
playmates, coming down the Twenty
street hill on what they knew was a sled,
for they had seen pictures like it in their
St. Nicholas books.
They went by like a rocket,, but came
back after they reached the bottom and
said that their father had made the Bled
in twenty minutes out of some lumber he
had been saving for a door to the hen
house, but a sled was more important un
der the circumstances. They were gen
erous and let Newton and Aubrey coast
down on the sled. Now they can tell their
friends in years to come that in March,
1896, they coasted down hill on real snow
in San Francisco, and lots of people will
I forget about it, and think it is a mistake;
and little boys and girls who are too young
to remember, or who are born afterward,
will hardly believe it, because they have
never seen snow in San Francisco them
selves.
EASTER MONEY.
Some Ingeniqus Ways of Earning Dimes
>■ v No- ; an d Dollars.
Before the merry Christmas bells have
ceased to ring bow to fill Easter bsxes is
discussed. The money must be earned.
One's own exertions must pay the price.
One church guild agreed upon a dollar
each, another any sum possible, while still
another congregation raised an Easter
fund by their united efforts.
Birthday bags of red calico, six inches
square, and drawn together by a narrow
tape, were sent to each one. As many
pennies as years were put in, and pasted on*
one side of each bag was this jingle, writ
ten on paper:
Place in this bag (and shed no tears)
As many pennies a* you've lived years,
And to the ladles, who fear to tell
How many years on earth they dwell,
We guarantee no one shall know •
One from another here below !
More than $100 was the result of the
most delightful evening at a private house
where grandparents and babies, from 82
down to 1 year, filled the bags.
Sunday-school children made and sold
caramels and popcorn balls; the young
cooking classes in the public schools fur
nished reception cakes and salads. They
took orders for Saturdays two months be
fore Easter. One choir began with 5
cents' worth of popcorn. It grew into
$10, which his father called "John's 5-cent
investment plan." One day he composed
this sad verse and gave it to his Sunday
school teacher:
As I lugped popcorn from door to door,
1 \va? told, ".Little boy, don't come any more;
Your popcorn makes my children sick,"
So off I hustlfd, double quick.
In the slush and snow of February the
lads of one large society, brooms in hand,
swept the crossings until a foreigner pass
ing up the avenue exclaimed one day : "In
this country there is so much money the
street-sweeps dress like gentlemen."
A young matron on Connecticut avenue
kept* books in her husband's office for a
week. Another merry young mother re
ceived large wages as nursegiri in a friend's
household.
A tall, dark-eyed society girl took ladies
to drive at 50 cents an hour on Woodley
.Land road or to the Chevy Chase Hunt
Club, she herself driving her own ponies
and two-seated cart. She earned $25 and
had no end of fun.
The young gentlemen of "her set"
offered to pay $1 each for a drive of five
miles.
"Agreed," she said. "To-morrow morn
ing at ten."
At the given time and place thirty-five
young men met the tailv-ho coach. The
bugles rang out clear and loud, the driver
cracked his whip and a royal ride they
had of twelve miles to Great Fails. The
young lady sat beside her brother, ''who
held the ribbons," but on their return the
fares were paid to her.
' In Fairfax County, Va., a society of
bright girls gave straw rides to their
friends. The horses and wagons were do
nated by fathers and brothers. Jolly,
wide-awake married folk in a small vii
j lage earned $50 for Easter, giving little
I suppers in their own dining-rooma, "25
cents a plate."
Mme. It entertained a glee club and
: paid to a young fashionable girl the florist's
price for decoration. So great praise was
given the artist that she went as decorator
to the finest houses at the capital, all for
her Easter money, so beautifully earned.
Little Dorothy B— - — , whose father is in the
House of Representatives, brought into
church on Easter day $5 she had earned
AT THE WINDOW.
selling flowers "to the members" »t 10
cents a bouquet.
Tommy Harris reported $1, with this
verse :
Instead of polishing up
The handle of the biu front door
I expended all my muscle
On my mother's parlor floor.
Mary Grey, only 10 years old, bought
apples at the market and made apple tarts
to sell on Saturdays. Young people in the
country sold most beautiful potted ferns,
arranged in low baskets or jars for the
table.
The One Dollar Club were very ingenious
in their methods and very successful in
their reports to the president at the
entertainment given for the general church
fund. In prose and rhyme, in blank verse
and jingle their stories were absurdly told.
For the best report the following took the
prize. Only a few of the verses can find
room :
Nor friend nor foe
Could ask for more
Than begging work
From door to door;
To humble pride
And earn for you,
The dollar asked,
The dollar due.
This "fad" is highly amusing, and Wash
ington's gayest and brightest young people
are already at work planning how to get
their Easter money.— Margaret Spencer.
•'No You Don't!"
The old farmer of whom this story is
told by an exchange only followed in the
footsteps of famous disputants, whose
squabbles were about words.
In Judge Gibbon's court the other day
an old farmer from De Kalb County was
the defendant in a suit for a piece of land
and his lawyer, ex-Judge Jones, had been
making a strong fitrht for it. When the
plaintiff's attorney began his argument he
said :
"May it please the court, I take the
ground — "
The old farmer jumped up and sang out:
"What's that? What's that?"
The judge called him down.
"May it please the court," began the
attorney, not noticing the interruption, "I
tike the ground — "
"No you don't either," shouted the old
farmer, "anyhow, not until the jury
decides the case!" — Youth's Companion.
DONALD SERIES-NO. XIX.
FOR TINY BOYB.
Donald never wakens in the morning in
time to be dressed before breakfast, so
when the tinkle, tinkie of the bell sounds
through the house, calling the folk 9to the
morning meal, he just slips on his pretty
"A STITCH IN TIME SAVES NINE."
[Reproduced from Wide Awake.]
pink flannel gown and bis little red sup
pers, and then what do you suppose hap
pens? Why, a great, big, funny horsie
with only two legs comes snorting and
prancing backward to the little bed, Don
ald jumps upon his back with a laugh and
a shout, and away they go, across "Hall"
land, down, down "Stairs" hill, at a fright
ful rate of speed, scaring mamma "half
out of her wits" ; but the gay rider and
steed always arrive safe and sound in
"Breakfast" valley, panting for breath
after their wild gallop, the little boy some
times with his heels where his head ought
to be.
But something happened lately, some
thing that made the little rider forget all
about his faithful horsie; something that
made him jump out of bed and hustle into
his clothes while his steed was still wan
dering through green pastures in the land
of Nod; something that made his eyes
sparkle, his cheeks glow and his finger
tips tingle.
I know all you bright youngsters under
stand what I mean. "Oh, yes, yes," 1 can
almost hear you shout, "the snow, the
snow; hurrah for the snow!"
Wasn't it a surprise? That is just the
way. When tiny boys think they've had
all the fun, and there's not one bit left,
and are so tired of their toys, and don't
know what to do with themselves, some
thing perfectly lovely happens, like the
coming of the beautiful, beautiful snow.
When Donald looked out of the window
the other morning and saw the feathery
Hakes falling so softly and so lightly his
face was filled with a sweet, mystified won
der. After silently gazintr at it for awhile
he laughed gleefully, shook his curls and
exclaimed, "Oh, mamma, I feel just like
hugging dear old March for bringing us
truly snow."
And then the next morning when the
blue eyes opened and saw how the brown
and green world had been changed into a
great white one by the magic power of the
snow king the little boy was so delighted
that he turned three or four somersaults.
"Oh, mamma, dress me quick, so I can
go out," he cried, and out he soon went
to have a merry game of snowballing with
all the rest of the boys. What fun it was
to pelt the other fellows with the soft
snow. Ha didn't think it much fun,
though, when a ball came swiftly through
the air and. struck him on the ear. My
how it did sting 1
When breakfast- time came Donald left
the sport very unwillingly, saying: "I
think it's a mean shame that boys have to
stop to eat when there's real snow here."
After the meal was over mamma allowed
him to gather up a great dishful of the
pretty white snow and take it into the
kitchen.
He amused himself all the rest of the
morning molding out of it snowballs,
snowmen and all sorts of queer animals.
At. night, when the little fellow was
going to bed, and be and his mamma were
talking about the wonder and beauty of
the snow, he said: "Now, mamma, I
know it's some use to wish for things.
Yon know how Iv» always wished it
would snow here, so ire boys could plaj^
'snowball.' and now it has; so, if Igo on
wishing for a Shetland pony, Aladdin's
lamp, and that I may find a 'pot of gold'
at the end of the rainbow, I'm pretty sure
my wishes will some time come true.' 1
Fairy Footsteps.
See the white violets,
Glistening here and tberei
Like a broken string of pearls
They are scattered every whan.
Don't you think the fairies,
Trapesing through the snow,
Have left i he: r dainty slippers
Amid the ferns to grow?
iniKi. Hatton in Wid* Awake.
THE EDITOR'S LETTKK-BOX.
San Francisco, February 28, 1896.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: The an
swers to the questions of last Sunday, February
23, areas follows:
1. The stamp act was passed in March.
2. Yes. St. Patrick's day.
3. Because ne was the patron of Ireland.
4. The Irish.
My name is Maggie Donegan. I live at 48
Bitch street.
P. S.— l hope my answers are right, as this ia
the first time I answered them.
Downieville, Cal., Feb. 25, 1896.
Editor Children's Page— Dear Sir: We re
ceive The Sunday Call on Tuesdays and I am
much interested in the Children's Page. Will
try to answer puzzles as follows 1
1. E and A are the letters omitted to the
proverb, "When the cat's away the mice will
play."
The 4th of March is inaugural day. The
17th of March is St. Patrick's day and is cele
brated by the Irish in honor of St. Patrick. .
Holiday— l, Lay. 2, Hay. 3, Hoi. 4, I. S,
Oil. 6, Lid. 7, Oh!
This is my first attempt to answer puzzles.
AN INTRUDER.
Hoping I am correct, I remain yours truly,
Lolla A. Dknmike, age 11 years.
Ban Francisco, March 2, 1896.
Editor Children's Page— Dear Sir: Here are
my answers to the questions in Sunday's Call:
1. "As mad as a March hare."
2. "March comes in like a lion and goes out
like a lamb."
3. You (v) sigh for (0) a cipher (0),
But I slKh for (0) tb«e.
Oh ! siKh for (0) no cipher (0),
But oh, sigh for (0) me.
4. John Wood,
Johnwood,
Mass.
I am not sure of the last answer. Yours
truly, ' Alice M. Bell, age 13.
1923 Geary street.
• - : : Sax Francisco, Feb. 27, 1896.
Dear Mr. Editor: My parents have been tak
ing The Call for quite a while. I read the
Children's Page every Sunday, and I like it
very much, especially the puzzles, some of
which I am ijoing to answer for Sunday.
1. Wnen the cat's away the mice will play.
2. 3, 6, 7, Lay. 1, 2, 3, Hoi. 2. 4, 3, Oil. 1,
6,7. Hay. 4,1. 3, 4, 5, Lid. 2, 1, Oh. My
whole is holiday.
3. The stamp act was passed in March.
4. St. Patrick's day, celebrated by the Irish,
because he was called the patron of Ireland.
Annie Roach, aged 12 years.
48 Hitch street.
Dear Editor: Now that we have finished talk-
Injr about St. Valentine ana Washington's
Birthday, I want to tell the little Call readers
about my colts. We have five beauties, all
bre<l from our handsome Nutmont. I know
you boys would enjoy seeing them race — some
times one beats and again another, but they
always seem happy and good humored over
the result, and enjoy it more than we boys do
a game of marbles or spinniug tops. May Day
has been rather unfortunate. My papa had all
the horses in a pasture a couple of miles from
the house, but drove to see them every day.
One day he found that little May Day had got
tangled in a piece of barbed wire, and her
hocks, breast and neck were badly cut.
W« brought her home, and with skillful
treatment she soon recovered. Yon should
have seen Dolly, her mother, when the men
were holding May Day to doctor her. She was
frantic with grief, and pawed until one was as
sorry for her as fur the afflicted colt.
If 'our editor, who makes us children so
happy by giving us a part of his valuable
paper, cares to ride, I shall be happy to givo
him a spin around our lovely valley behind
any or all oi my beauties.
UEoiiGE A. Sill, age 10J£.
Watsonville.
San Francisco, March 1, 1896.
To the Editor Children's Page — Df.ab Sir:
The following are my answers for the ques
tions asked in The Call on the Ist of March:
DROPPED VOWKI-.«.
1. "As mad as a March hare."
2. March comes in like a lion and goes out
like a lamb.
THE STORY OF CIPHER.
You know a love,
Hut I know thee;
Oh, lovo no one,
But, oh, love me.
The strange address on a letter is John under
Wood and over Massachusetts; to be written
as follows:
John Underwood,
Andover,
Massachusetts.
Hoping I am correct, 1 remain yours truly,
Anna V. Massey, age 15.
March 1, 1896.
Editor of Children's Page: I am. very much in
terested in the Children's Page and I am going |
to try to answer the questions to-day for the j
first time, the first questions being two well
known sayings about March.
1. 'Mid March hours. March comes in like a
lion and goes out like a lamb.
2. U O me.
Oh, no.
But I O thee.
3. John Wood, Massachusetts.
Hoping these are correct. I wish to see them
published in next Sunday's Call.
320 Oak street. Agnes Higgins, age 13.
Sorra San Francisco. Fee 27, 1896.
Dear Editor: I thought I would write you a
few lines to let you know something about
George Washington. He was the father of his
country, and he was the first Presidentof the
United States. Last Saturday. February '22,
was his birthday. Last Friday we celebrated
his birthday at school. We sang many songs
about him. This is one of the pieces that were
spoken at school, as follows :
George Washington a lad was he
That never told a lie:
No matter what his task would b%
His answer was, "I'll try."
So good-by. Your loving friend,
Theodore O'Doul.
We take The Call, and it is so good that I
cannot stop reading it. I hope this will be in
next Sunday's Call. I am a little boy 9 years
old.
Answers.
The correct answers to questions published
on March 1 are as follows :
1. "As mad as a March hare."
2. "March comes in like a lion and goes out
like a lamb."
3. You sigh for a cipher
But I sish for thee.
Oh, sißb for no cipher,
But oh sigh for me.
4. John (under) Wood (and over) Massachu
setts.
John Underwood,
Andover,
Mass.
PO.NALD EIDLNQ DOWN "STAIRS" HILL.
Puzzle* for Busy Brains.
DROPPED VOWELS.
Lf s rl; If » mat
'cd th irrv s nt ■ gl,
Ds( th rt t fist rtrnst
Wd nt spkn f th si.
—Longfellow.
"RUng stn gthrs n mss."— A proverb.
Answers of the following twelve questions to
be names of plants or flowers:
I. A very gay and ferocious animal.
2. My first is often sought for my second.
3. Fragrant flowers.
4. What a father said to his son in the morn
ing.
5. My first wears my second on his head.
(3. My first is an animal of the jungle; my
second is a tail, fair lady.
7. A tattered songster.
8. My first is a facial expression of pleasure;
my .second a woodsman's means of earning his
living.
9. My first is as sharp as needles; my second
is a* soft as down.
10. The color of a horse.
11. My first is sly, but cannot wear my
second.
12. My first is the name of a bird ; my second
is worn by cavalrymen.
Who of you can tell what is meant by a "Red*
letter day?"
The Absent* Blinded Tailor.
The tailor's wife to the tailor said,
"Go fill the water-pall.
And measure off a yard of cloth—
Now, mind you do not fall."
The absent-minded tailor went,
The pail filled with nainsook.
And measured off a yard upon
The surface of the brook.
-L. J. 1., in Wide Awake.
A diamond for catting glass* lasts about
three months. '„, r • . .. } J .:. ."
NEW TO-DAY.
107 AND 109 POST STREET
1220-1222- 1224 MARKET ST.
Almost Time
For Spring
House-
Cleaning.
You will want a lot of pretty
drapery stuffs to cover up shabby
spots. Probably you will need
some new Curtains. A bright
Portiere will add fifty per cent
to the sitting-room. Here are a
few special prices on such things.
Are you interested ?
NEW SILKOLINES— In Persian and
Dresden patterns and colorings, of
course, for those are the only correct 1 f)10
styles now; a yard wide; 20c quality -I — 2
for Yard
PRINTED BURLAPS— DuII colors;
Fleurde Lis and Empire effect!: the "I ItC
material used for wainsco.ing, furnl- ■It-'
ture covers, etc Yard
BEAX 7 TIFUL TAPESTRIES, 50 Inches
wide; 6 new color effects; rich pat- JO^
terns, different from anything shown *i"
before Yard
Better grades— more colors— 6oc, 75c
NOTTINGHAM CURTAIN?— Three bi(C
specials for this week; patterns count
in Nottinghams, and these patterns
are unusually pretty.
3 yards by 45 inches, ecru; were $1 25.. 75 c pair
31^ yards by 54 inches, ecru and white;
worth $'2 50 •. 91.50 pair
4 yards by 60 inches, ecru only; bay-
window curtains; worth $3 50 $',2.00 pair
IRISH POINT CURTAINS, a lot slightly
soiled in stamping patterns: hard (JJJO.OO
to find the danuw; if perfect $3 50 a tjp.4
pair; a very special bargain Pair
Some beauties at $2 75, $3, ?3 50, $4 and
$5 pair.
CHENILLE PORTIERES-Brand new
line; 3 yards by 45 incnes; heavy
fringe; deep dado borders; brilliant «JP^-
colors; unique patterns; *3 60 value.. Pair
Some Dainty
Linen Colored
Laces Came
In last week. They are the
new Batiste and Valenciennes
edgings and insertions for
trimming summer gowns.
Prices range from 121 c to $1
the yard. There are also 27-
-inch ALL-OVER NETTINGS
to match.Novelties IN THE Realms OF SCIENCE
LITERATURE
AND ART.
AT the Intent Office in Washing
ton new devices are received
every day tiiat would puzzle the
ordinary human being to operate
or understand. Some of them
are useful and some are not. One of the
v.soful articles on which a patent was is
• cently is an electrical oven. It is
composed of a metallic box-like structure
wound about with wires, asbestos being
interposed between the oven and the first
layer of wires and between the successive
layers of wires. The whole is surrounded
by a protecting casing, a suitable opening
A BATCH OF QUEER INVENTIONS RECENTLY PATENTED.
being left: for the introduction of articles of ;
food. The inventor claims that if a turkey :
or any other article of food were placed in
the oven and the electric current turned
into the wires the turkey would cook from
the center outward. In other words, the ;
cooking would commence within the body ■
of the turkey and proceed gradually out- I
ward until the skin would brown. The |
only explanation eiven is that the oven is!
so wound with electric coils that the lines !
of the different magnetic fields all con- ,
verse at the center, thereby bo disturbing ;
the normal conditions as to generate heat ;
at that point. The heat is also generated
by the usual resistance of the wire to the
passage of the electric current.
* Of a newly patented combination plow :
and cannon the inventors say: "This
plow is constructed in tne usual manner
except that the beam, which is of metal, is j
red and formed into a cannon. As a
piece of light ordnance its capacity may
vary from a projectile of one to one of j
three pounds. Its utility in the twofold !
capacity 13 unquestionable, especially !
when used in border localities. As a j
means of defense in repelling surprises
and skirmishing attacks on those engaged j
in peaceful avocations it is unrivaled, and j
it can be immediately brought into action !
by disengaging the team. In limes of \
danger it may be used in the field, ready
i barged with* its deadly missiles of baJl j
and grape."
The principal feature of "an eccentric i
bicycle" is the rear wheel. This, to gain |
leverage, the inventor claims, is journaied :
eccentrically— tnat is, with its axle out of i
the center of the wheel. The consequence
of this peculiar construction is that the
rider rises and falls as he rides, with a I
sweeping, gliding motion similar to the i
ocean's swell. If he tires of the long, I
steady swell he can get a short choppy sea j
by increasing his speed.
There is also a dog bicycle, which, in
construction, is slightly larger than usual.
The rider's seat is placed over the rear I
•waeel. The front wheel is of sufficient size
to accommodate two good-sized dogs ana !
ELECTRIC LIGHT FOR CONDUCTORS.
is built on the order of a treadmill. It I
much resembles the wheel of a squirrel's ;
cage.. The dogs are chained within this
wheel, and in their endeavor to run for- ;
ward turn the wheel, at least so the in- i
ventor explains.
People who now tolerate mice or rats in
the house certainly must be blind to the
fact that a luminous cat, which costs little
to secure and nothing to keep, has been
invented and can be placed in any dark
corner or nook to scare away such pests.
This cat Is struck or stamped from sheet
metal or other like material. It is painted
over with phosphorus, so that it shines in
the dark like a cat of flame.
The new aerial railway consists of a cable |
anchored at each end and extending, say,
from Philadelphia to New York. A bal
loon, fully charged with gas. is provided
with a roller or grooved wheel pendent
therefrom by fcuitable ropes or rods. This
roller or wheel is adapted to fit upon and
roll along the under side of the cable as
the balloon passes forward by the action of
the wind or propelling devices.
People may expect, in the future, upon
entering a friend s parlor and taking a
seat, to be greeted with the strains of some
popular opera. At least, this is made pos
sible by a recently patented invention for
a musical chair. This chair has the ap
pearance of an ordinary one, 'and to ail in
tents and purposes is, except that under
the seat is concealed a muaic box. The
seat proper is flexible, so that, when sat
upon, it will be slightly depressed. This
depression operates a catch and releases
the drum of the music box.
A steam man is an intricate piece of ma
chinery. His legs are operated by suitable
levers, cranks and steam cylinders, so that
when hitched to a carriage he has every
appearance of an ordinary man drawing a
coach behind him. He is supported in an
upright position by the shafts of a coach.
A pipe protrudes from his mouth and the
smoke and steam are discharged through
the same, making it appear that he is en
joying a smoke while dragging his heavy
burden along the street. The levers,
cranks and other parts are, of course,
hidden suitaWa clothing or livery.
A cannon motor, to the mind of one in
ventor, is the ideal method of generating
power. This motor consists of an endless
chain carrying teeth and projections, the
chain being supported on suitable wheels
for transmitting power. The power is de
rived from two cannonß arranged on oppo
site sides of the machine and fired alter
nately against devices that er. rage the
projections on the chain, one cannon be
ine reloaded while the other is discharged.
An automatic gallows is the subject of a
recent patent. With this device no special
person can be pointed out as the man who
sprung the trap sending the unfortunate
convict to his death. The device is set
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
and the trap is sprung by a time catch, i
The body of a new toy cow is formed of
either wood or metal, and is an exact rep- '
resontation of an ordinary Jersey as she j
stands while being milkod. A suitable I
tank is arranged within the body and can !
be filled with milk from the outside. This i
lank is provided with suitable nipples, i
which are operated in exactly the same |
manner as in milking the real every-day j
article. This movement of milking the
Jersey also transmits motion to her piv
oted jaws, and it thus appears that she is
chewing her cud while being milked.—
Chicago Times-Herald.
To Make Sugar Float.
Get some lumps of sugar and dip them
for just a moment into a weak collodion
solution, such as photographers use.
Then expose them to the air fora few days
so that all the ether in the mixture will
evaporate, leaving only the thin envelope
; of collodion behind.
Now give your friends at table some
lumps of this sugar for their iced tea.
! They will drop them into the cupi and to
their consternation the lumps will rise to
■ the surface in a few moments, refusing to
| be coaxed down again with tapa of the
i teaspoons.
The secret is that the real sugar is
i melted and only the envelope of collodion
remains, which filled the interstices of the
lumps. Being much lighter than was the
sugar this "ghost" of the lump floats on
top of the tea. The illusion to the eye is
Floating a Sugar Lump.
perfect, but if the spectral lump is taken
up between the fingers a slight pressure
will destroy its form and loaves only a
gelatinous mass.— Popniar Science News.
Constant' Bicycle Alarm.
For bicycle riders who ride at night or
on crowded Btreets a constant bell alarm
Constant Bycicle Alarm.
has been devised. It fits on the hub of
eitherwheel. The bells swing in socket s
while revolving to insure greater noise.
An Klectrie Locomotive.
The Baldwin-Westinghouse electric lo
comotive, just completed, is the first one
of the kind in the world, and, besides the
fact that it is expected to make seventy
five milei an hour, it has other claims to
attention.
Not the least of these, says the New
York World, is the revolution that it will
doubtless create in the lives of locomotive
engineers, and they belong to one of the j
most important classes of citizens in this
country. Shielded behind the glass win.
dows that frame them in, with no smoke,
soot, grime or grease, there is no reason
why the engineers of the future should
not dre ss exactly as the president of the
road does, unless a uniform be deemed
desirable.
The new locomotive is thirty-eight feet
long by nine feet wide. It is mounted on
eight wheels, forty-two inches in diameter.
The wheels are of wrought iron, spoke
centered, with heavy steel tires. The ma
chine without the motor weighs thirty
tons. The electric equipment will add !
thirty tons.
A comDartment eight feet Bquare is all
that will be required to operate the mech
anism, and tue remaining space may be
utilized in any way tnat is desired.
The electric equipment consists of four
250-horsepower moters geared so as to
regulate the speed. In appearance these
motors are like those used on trolley-cars
but they are much larger. One man will
run them. He will be called the driver.
He will view the track from a window di
rectly in front and above a powerful
searchlight. Air brakes will be operated
i iust as on the steam engines. There will
i be an electric air pump, and it is claimed
I that it will be possible to stop a train in
i perhaps half the space of time that is now
| required.
In about two weeks the new machine
i will be tested on the Turtle Creek branch
|of the Pennsylvania Railroad. The power
j will be taken from an overhead trolley or
! from the wheelless underground system.
j Ihe new locomotive costs $10,000.
A Spark-Stopper.
A device designed to prevent the escape
A Spark-Stopper.
to the smokestack of sparks and cinders,
while permitting the free passage of the
products of combustion, is shown in the
accompanying illustration. To the ex
haust-nozzle is fitted the lower end of a
conical tube, whose upper end fits into the
lower end of the smokestack, and in the
sides of the tube are U-shapr?d slits, hav
in«r tongues of metal, which are pressed
inwardly, as shown in tbe small figure.
The gaseous portions of the products of
combustion pass freely upward to the
smokestack, while the solid portions,
striking the tongues, are thrown back into
the sniokebox.
An Automatic Vending Machine.
A slot machine designed to afford un
usual facilities for vending a wide variety
of articles, particularly such as are com
monly supplied in elongated-sized pack
| apes, is shown in the accompanying illus
tration, and has been patented by Charles
W. Goldsmith of New York. It is now
being introduced in many places through
j out the city. As shown in the illustra
tion, the machine is arranged to deliver
stamped envelopes and note paper of dif
ferent kinds, various samples of which are
shown in the vertical glass-covered caae at
the rear, the top of* tbe machine casing
beinß formed for u?e as a desk. The mer
chandise receptacle, as shown in the small
view, is sustained centrally in the casing,
and projections therefrom form bearings
i for rock shafts which operate frames to de
liver the goods, a single package at a time,
tbe mechanism being set in operation by a
iever, an arm of which projects into an
orifice of the coin way.
When tbe merchandise with which the
machine is supplied has been exhausted a
stop lever comes automatically into oper
ation to close the end of the coinway and
prevent the insertion of additional coins.
The machine, as manufactured, i 3 easily
operated, and does not seem liable to get
' oat of order. The merchandise to be de-
J Jlvered, on the insertion of the proper
: coin, drops from the central receptacle
\ through a guide, falling upon a chute, by
means of which it is passed out through
tho delivery opeuing.— Scientific Ameri
can.
Electric Tight tor Conductors.
An effort is being made to introduce on
the railroads of this country an electric
j light for conductors or ticket takers. The
light is fastened to the coat and is supplied
with current by a battery carried in the in
side pocket. The scheme is being tried Dy
I the employes at the Vauxhall station of
I the London and Southwestern Railroad in
London, and its success or failure there
will probably determine its fate in this
country. Its recommending features are
its cleanliness and convenience. It leaves
both hands free for the collection and
punching of tickets. •
Veritable "Jim the Penman."
Many Ftories of skill in imitative pen
' manship are to.d, but the following, re
; lated by an English authority, is probably
the most wonderful authentic case ever
recorded.
In ISGO Robert Stewart, a famous master
of penmanship, executed a live-pound Bank
: cf .England note with such marvelous ac
: curacy and reality that he waa waylaid in
the streets one night and robbed" of the
note by a rutiian who had seen it in his
! possession a few hours previously. Stew
j art, indignant at ihe treatment to which
be had been subjected, gave chase to the
thief, and with the assistance of the police
I succeeded in recovering the sham note.
At the subsequent Police Court proceed-
I ings no one sremed to have the slightest >
i suspicion as to the genuineness of the note,
i which was- handed round to the vaiious
j persons encaged in the case.
A few weeks later Stewart, who was a
personal friend of the cashier of the local
(Newcastle-on-'lyne.) bank,, took the note
to him one morning ana asked that it
might be cashed. In return ior it he re
ceived five sovereigns and left the bank.
An hour or two afterward he paid a sec
ond visit to his friend the cashier, and,
i taking him on one side, confessed that the
note was a foreery and refunded him the
money. The cashier, whose surprise was
creat, refused to believe the note was a
counterfeit, and was not convinced until
Stewart had executed another one in his
presence.— New York Mail and Express.
Shed Mi* Skin.
John Allen, a farmer living in Lake
i City, reports that some six weeks ago a j
j boy in his neighborhood about six years
; of uge stuck an oranire thorn into his hip,
! which inflamed until tbe boy was ter
-1 ribly fevered and swollen from head to
I foot. Finally the peculiar swelling sub
i sided, however, and tho boy recovered.
But immediately his skin began to
flake off in strips and patches, until he
had as completely shed his entire cuticle,
from crown to head, as a snake at molt
ing time, including that over the palms of
NEW ELECTRIC LOCOMOTIVE TO RUN SEVENTY-FIVE MILES AN HOUR.
his hands and soles of his feet, which came
off whole and resembles somewhat a cast
off shoe, and being quite as hard and thick.
It is a perfect cast of the feet, showing the
lines of the skin, and it is about the con
j sistency and much of the appearance of
I hard glue. But the boy has a completely
I new skin, and is doing well. — Florida
Times-Union. x
Crooked Kuilroading.
An engineer who formerly ran on the
Decorah division, known among the rail
; road boya as the "peavine" on account of
its many curves, tells of a remarkable oc
currence that happened near Brainard,
where the railroad is said to be as
crooked as anything to be found in
1 the State. A freight train was being fol
\ lowed close by the passenger, both being off
time on account of a washout. A head
light was placed on the rear of the caboose
| as a warning to the passenger train which
followed. Suddenly the train came to a
halt. The engine was reversed, and the
engineer and fireman were aeen to jump.
The train was on a part of the road that
I was so crooked that the engine had turned
around, and, seeing the headlight on the
rear end of the caboose, they thought they
were going to have a head-end collision. —
Mason City Daily Globe-Gazette.
A Ticket-Holder.
George F. Kincaid, a mechanical engi
neer of thia City, has invented something
tnat will be very convenient for commut
ers. It is a ticket-holder.' By reference
to Figure 1 it will be seen that pressure on
the wire A causes the lever B to force the
clamp C, which holds the ticket, upward
along the guide-rod D; and on releasing
the wire A the spring in it will return the
parts to their normal position. When the
whole is incased in a neat morocco cover
ing the popping in and out of the ticket is,
to say the least, very mysterious. Mr.
Kincaid expects before long to have the
Case for Holding Commutation Tickets.
holders ready for commuters here; he also
has adopted the novel idea to a cigarette
and match case.
A Folding Desk.-
A universal desk bus been constructed
by Louis Atzert m
Kasp cl , Germany,
which is a very practi
cal, compact and solid
stand. All its parts
are lijrut and strong
and connected by
metal thumb screw?,
thus combining rigid
ity with extreme light
weight, it folds into
almost no space at all
and since the table top
may be fastened down
at any angle it can be
applied to a great
many purposes. Thus
it can be used as a
desk, to stand upon a
table as a book-holder
when reading, as a.
music stand, as a drawl
ing table, and without
a table p for bed-ridden
the crosspieces a
The Desk Table Extended.
invalids. An inkwell can be let in at the
ri<;ht hand corner.
Invented the I-ueifer Match.
London Daily News.
Who invented the lucifer match? Sir
Isaac Holden had the first idea of it in
England and stated it at a lecture, but
A VENDING APPARATUS.
took out no patent, and thus lost j 1
a chance of rinding a fortune. M. <
Jean Renaud now says the lucifer .
match i 3 due to Charles Sauria. a fellow
student of M. Grevy at the Lycees of <
Poligny and Dole. Sauria vainly tried to j
obtain loOOf to work his invention, which I j
he communicated to M. Nicolet. the pro- : !
fessor of 'chemistry and natural phil- 1
osopuy at the Dole Lycee. Kenauu often i
saw Nicoiet use at his class lectures phos- > .
phorous and sulphur to strike lights. He : .
gave Sauria credit for the invention. In i.
IS3I Nicolet was sent on a.scientiiic mis-;,
sion to Germany. He was instructed to ;
see to what account chemistry had been i
turned in arts and manufacture. There his
tour embraced the industrial cities of Ans- : I
tria and Hungary. What, asks M. Renaud, , i
is more probable than that he should have '. <
spoken there of Saaria's lucifer match ? It j 1
may be that the three Austrians, Sauria i
and Sir Isaac Holden thought ont the mat- I <
ter independently of each other. — London ; I
Daily News. ]
As Polite as Usual.
"Le Menestrcl' 1 tells an amusing story of
the late General Sir Henry Ponsonby, who j ;
was for many years Queen Victoria's j
private secretary. The general was noted
for his politeness, and whenever an artist ; ■
performed at court, he always telegraphed 1 1
the following day to inquire after the per- J
former's health, ii a complete troupe per- i '
formed at the castle the general employed a '
formula, always tue same, which included , '
the various members of the company. ! '
A short time ago Rogers Prat was sent to i }
court to exhibit his trained geese before j
Queen Victoria's grandchildren. The-day ' •
following the "artist" received the tra- , 1
ditional telegram from General Ponsonby, I *
written in the following" immutable terms: i !
"Her Gracious Majesty would be delighted ; >
to know if the members of your troupe i ■
are well and if they have had an agreeable i '
journey. For my own part I beg you to j
convey to them the expression of my j 1
esteem." The geese were no doubt very i 1
much flattered.
Women Really Run the Town.
In Decatur, Mich., the population of
which is 1500, the president of the village j
council is Mrs. Alma Sage, and all of the '
___^__ NEW TO-DAY.
It Has No Equal!
The man or woman , •~sT^. ; -^a' ::^^** **The sound, thrifty
who . buys an. article to r^^^ij^^c^ buyer makes his pur-
restore health should ■' do - ; e2 ''M£~&%£^? chase on the established
so on the same plan that *^*j^j£r basis that a good article
he or she would buy a §fe#^jp^f is cheap at a reasonable
watch for service^ not for ,^^^to«^ price while a poor one i*
■ a toy. , ■ . . \yffjyi\\ V\^ ■ dear at any price.
, . "'n/.tt V A. T. STEWART. "
POINTS OF S
ELECTRIC POWER.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT
generates double the power of any other
Electric Beit made. The arrangement of
the metal? is upon the most approved
scientific basis; the Voltaic piles, being
quadruple, so as to brin* ont a steady,
powerful current; perfectly' insulated, so
Iha.t, different from all other belts, the full
force of tne current is conducted into the
weakened system in a continuous, life-
giving stream. It gives tone and energy
to the nervous system and all its depend-
ent organs. As "Electricity is life" Dr.
Sanden's Electric Beit is the modern life-
giver.
DURABILITY.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
positively guaranteed for one year. Every
Belt broken or by any circumstance,
whether the fault of the belt or the wearer,
having lost its curative powers of elec-
tricity within one year, is replaced with a
new one at no expense to the wearer. If
Dr. Sanden's Belt was twice its present
cost it would still be cheap, aj no other ap-
pliance made can be sold with this
guarantee.
CONVENIENCE.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is
applied on retiring at night and worn until
time of arising in morning. No care or
trouble is incurred in its use; no time is
wasted in using it, hj its soothing,
strengthening current absorbs into the
weakened organs while you sleep. Benefi-
cial results are noticed in one night's use,
•nd the sleep is made sound and refreshing.
It quiets the nerves and builds up the weak
Darts in humane manner.
*»jaL2?«rx>as!2>T sleotric co. r
630 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE MOTEL; SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— B A. M. to 8130 P. M.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
: : : .-— OFFICES AT :■
• LOS ANGELES. CAL. ;»! .'..■■ -PORTLAND,' OR.
204 South Broadway. , [ 253 Wa&aljßgtoa street
town offices, except that of official dog
batcher, are filled by women. Mrs. Dr.
Kinney is one of the leading physicians.
Mrs. Ada Gregg is a preacher, and her
shareb — the Advent — is taken care of by a
janitress, Mrs. Barneit. The restaur
ant of the town is conducted by
Mrs. Crane and Miss Ilaines. The
biggest store in the place is owned
end kept by Mrs. Mary Schood. Mrs.
Nicholson is the Postmistress. Miss Clara
Hotaling is a shoemaker, and a good one.
May Percival is a furniture-maker. Miss
Anna Pardnett makes harness. Mrs. Car
penter is a florist. Mrs. Child is a car
riage .painter. There are several women
painters, weavers and brokers: The wom<>n
have a secret society run on the endow
ment plan. There is also a woman literary
club. The women control the saloons, and
the only things to drinK are soda and pop. •
In a village near by there is a woman un
dertaker, who can attend to all of the de
tails of a funeral, even to driving the
hearse. — Utica Observer.
Louise Michel's Tame Rats.
Mile. Louise Michel called attention,
after a long period of imprisonment, to the
sociable and other qualities of rats. She
taught her three cats to live amicably
with troops of rats that visited her at regu
lar hours twice a day. The cats began by
attacking the rats and killing one and
breaking the leg of another. Mile. Michel
tended the injured rat and thus won the
confidence of its fellows. One of their
virtues was respect for the aged, another
was family feeling, another compassion
For unfortunate brethren. The governor
oi the prison used to send the broken
bread from his table for the prisoner's
Foor-footel visitors, and often came him
self to witness the visits. A M. Armand
Leyritz has been bitten with Louise-
Michel's foulness for rats. He aerees
svith her in thinking that there is no four
footed creature more Susceptible of educa
tion. He has formed this opinion from
personal observation. — London News.
Most of the inhabitants of Haugesund,
Norway, have never tasted intoxicants.
It has a population of 6200, and for twenty
nine years not a drop of spirituous liquor
has been sold there.
SUPERIORITY.
You Can Regulate Its Power.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT Is co»
structcd with a patent regulator. No othef
Electric Belt has it. When you have placed
the Belt on the body and feel the powerful cur-
rent penetrating your system you adjust lt|
strength by turning to right or left a small
snrew attachment, setting the current at any
desired force, and you can then enjoy a restful,
quiet sleep without being awakened in the
middlo of the night by a sensation whicli
makes you imagine you are being electrocuted.
Those who have used the old-style belts know
what this is, and hundreds who have die-
carded them anl are now being peacefully r*.
stored to health and strength by Dr. Sanden'g
Electric Belt are testifying to the value of the
new method. If you don't want to ba bura«4
to death in your sleep use Dr. B*nden'4
$5000 REWARD.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT gives into
the body a genuine current of electricity for
several hours at a time. $5000 reward will be
paid for one of these Belts, which will not
generate a current which is perceptible to the
wearer immediately after charging and eppljp.
Ing to the body.
IT CURES.
DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT is credited
with some three thousand cures on the Pacific
Coast ailone during the past ten yeara. Curet
In fact. Cures of men who are manly enough
to proclaim to the world their recovery of man*
hood and the means of getting it. Dr. San-
den's Elactrip Belt is no experiment, and the
names and addresses of hundreds of grateful
citizens of this State can be found in the little
book, "Three Classes of Men," which gives full
information, a scientific diagnosis of all case*
which can be cured by electricity, and price*,
It is free. Get It to-day.
2526
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SVVOIAKY OF THK MARKETS.
Eighteen failures last week.
Co flee continues dull.
Silver unchanged. ..
Bank Clearings gain .331^^.
Wheat lower and excessively doll.
Barley Inactive and week.
Oats steady.
No decrease In arrivals of Nebraska Cora.
Rye dull. Buckwheat lower,
Hay steady. F^edstuffs unchanged.
Beans very quiet.
Large shipments of Beef and Flour to Vladi
vostock. ;'-« r
Potatoes and Onions weak.
Asparagus lower. - - />". | * .- ,-
Butter and Eggs off sllgbtly. '
Dressed Turkeys scarce and higher.
Gam» firm.
Apples bring more money.
Oranges quiet and easy.
explanation.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top figures
Bt station' Indicate maximum temperature for the
days; those underneath it, if any, the amount of ,
rainfall, of melted snow In inches and hundredth*,
during the past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lines, connect poi..ts of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "high"' moans high barometric pressure and
Is usually accompanied by fair weather; "low" j
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded and
accompanied by cloudy weather and rains.- "Lows" :
usually first appear on the Washington coast.
\Vben the pressure is high in the interior and low
along the coast, and the isobars extend north and
■onth along the coast, rain is probable: but when |
the "low" is inclosed \vi;h isobars of marked curva- :
ture rain south of Oregon is improbable. With k
"high" in the vicinity or Idaho, and the pressure i
falling; to "he California coast, warmer wen: may
be expected in summer and colder weather in win
ter. The reverse of these conditions will produce :
an opposite result.
j
|
,
1
;
\
]
i
j
I
!
|
j
j
j
i
I
;
;
!
|
j
1
'
j
:
j
j
j
\
'
j
j
!
\
1
]
'
i
;
'
'
j
j
1
j
!
I
!
j
:
;
|
'
j
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT. /
United States Department of Agriccltur'e,
Weather Brp.F.AT-. San Francisco, March 7,
1896, 6 p. m.—Weather conditions and general
forecast: :.
The. following are the seasonal rainftills to date
as compared with those of the same date last sea
son: Eureka . last season '32.33; Red Bluff
14.49. last season 23.13; San Francisco 13.89, last
season 21.97: . :■■ no 4.93, last season 11.3-': Pan
Luis Obi-j>o 14.61". last season 22.46: Los Angeles
7.B'J. last season 11.68: San Dieco 4.44, last season
10.17; Ynma. .88, last season 3.01.
The following are the maximum temperatures
reported from stations in California to-day: Eureka
56, lied Bluff 58, San Francisco 58, Fresno 60.
Independence - —, Si»n Luis Gbispo 64, Los Angeles
70, '-an I ego 62, Yuma 68.
Mm Francisco data: Maximum temperature 58,
mum 45. mean 52. No precipitation in past j
twenty-four hours. /
The st,L>rm. which was central this morning off j
the cor.j-z ot Was on, has moved northward,
increases in energy, and is to-night over Vancou- ;
ver, a pressure of i.'9.68 Inches brine repor;ed at, !
Taioosh island with hia;n southeasterly winds. Rain i
has fullen from Kureku northward along the coast, '
wl th snow at Baker City.
The temperature has remained stationary over
iCallfornia, but has risen more than 10 clej. aur
n? the past twenty-four hours over Nevada, D ah
and Arizona. Temperatures higher than 60 (leg.
ar»- reported to-ni?ht at several southern stations.
I be conditions are favorable for showery weather
In Northern California to-night and Sunday fore
noon.
Forecast made at Pan Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight, March 7,189<5:
Northern California— to-night In north
crn portion and in extreme north Sunday; t fresh
southeasterly winds.
Southern California—Fair; light westerly winds
Sunday. r - .-;•;■
--. Nevada—Cloudy . Sunday.
Utah—Fair Sunday. .
Arizona—Fair Sunday.'
San Francisco and vicinity—Fair Sunday; light
westerly winds.
A. G. McAdie, Local Forecast Official, ;
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK. K. V., March The transactions
In stocks at the board to-day were only 121,500
shares. Tobacco broke from 733/ 8 to 71Ss,.and
near the close, on orders to cover short contracts,
there was a rally to I -8. at which the final trans
actions were effected. The early break was the
reoult Of reports from the West that the company's
revenues were being materially reduced through
the operations Of its competitors. It was also
stated that the company had or would issue
82,000.000 preferred stock. Cotton Oil preferred
broke from 62 to 57 and later recovered to 61). The
early break was the result of rumors that the com
pany had not earned its interest and dividend re
quirements for the year.
This was semi-oflicially denied, and the securl
tiesof the cempany closed comparatively steady.
General Electric was exceptionally strong, arid
rose from 32% t0 34% on rumors that the com
pany had made several important contracts.
There was very little to the railway list, and there
is not likely to be until the street has a better un
derstanding of the Cuban question. At present
the average trader and operator is In the dark and
Is disposed to c*> slow. Baltimore and Ohio and
Denver and Rio Grande preferred were heavy in
the early trading.
Baltimore and Ohio declined «,4 to 13% and ral
lied to 14%. There were no new developments in
regard to the property, although It is generally 1111
derstood that the New York bankers will endeavor
to bring about a rehabilitation of the property
without foreclosure. An official statement of the
actual condition of the road is anxiously awaited.
Denver and Rio Grande preferred fell 2y 8 to 47%
on light trading. Speculation closed quiet and
firm In tone. Net changes show gains of i /8£ii
per cent. Suerar lost */£, Delaware and Hudson 1/2.
Pacific Mail 3i, Lead 1, Cottonseed Oil 2^4 and do
preferred 2.
Bonds were dull and lower. The sales aggre
gated $775,000. Denver and Gulf consolidated
fives fejl Ito 37: Western New York and Penti
sylva nia firsts, l*/i to 106. Northern Pacific, Mon
tana first fives cerllricntPS rose 1i,4 to 34i/ 2 and
do consolidated fives certificates, IV4 10 -45%.
In Governments $&06,U00 coupon fours of 1926
sold at 117iA(ail7s/i; $50,000 do registered at
111 1/*; i*4ooo~coupon fours of 1907 at 11034; $13.
000 coupon fives at 113 and $25,000 do registered
at 113.
Grain.
FLOUR—DuII, easy, unchanged. Winter wheat
low grades, ■'52 50&3; winter wheat, fair to fancy.
»■' 80(*:i 90: winter wheat patents. 93, 90&.4 15:
Minnesota clear,92 70@3 30; Minnesota Straltß,s3@
8 st»- Minnesota p«tent*. -$3. 35(&4 30: low ex
tras ' $2 60&3: city mills, $4M5@4 25:' city
mills patents^ 94.30®4 45; rye mixture. $2 50Cg)
3 30: superfine, -*2 10@3 70; fine, $2&2 55.
Southern flour—Dull, easy, unchanged. Rye flour
-Quiet, easy, 92 60@2 85. ■:. ■ ■" . -.■ .
CORNJIEAL—Quiet, steady, unchanged; yellow
Western. $2 2O(gjJ2 25: Brandy.vine. 92 20.
RYE-^tate, 40c delivered; Western, 48V.C
BARLEY—Nominal. Ungraded Western, 43®
A Of.
BARLEY MALT—Firm. •- V.'estern, 55<<tr>Sc.
WHKAT—DuII, tower. No. 2 r«*a. store and ele
vator. 80Vic; atloat, 81% c; i. o. b., 8234 c; No. 1
KSjsSiSSf23^r free offerings, with fine
weather West and absence Of clearances, closed
June and July, 71% c. „„,,-'
CORN—lnactive, strong, firm. Iso. A 39%®
40c elevator; 40V^@41c attof t :' wh«; May, 86c;
Options dull, yse lower, with wheat; May, SBc;
July, 36% c.
BpS dull', "effi- March. 25%@253/ic; May
25% c. Spot prices: No. 2. 2bc; -\o. a rtlw,
27V2C: No. 2 Chicago, 27c: NO. 8, 25c; No. d
white, 26^c: mixed Western, 26@27c; white
State and Western, 26®29y 2 c.
FEED—Bran, 62Wai65c.
MIDDLINGS—67£.«*72V6&
RYE—Feed, 62y 2®tJsc.
Proviisionß.
BEEF— Steady, unchanged. Beef hams inact
ive. $14 60015: tierced beef, dull: extra -India
mess, ?16@16 50: cut ' meats, dull: P><*.eu
oellles, 12 pounds, *%c; do shoulders, 4^c; do
bams. 9y 2 *B Ac. .ck...
LARD— easy. Western steam. «5 50;
:itv,s6; May, *5 07. Refined, quiet: continent,
(ft 90; South American. *6 15; compound, 46/ 8 @
17 1 ? ORK-Dnll. easy. Mess, 510@10 60.
BUTTER— Moderate demand: Slate dairy, 10®
20.-. do creamery h*ld. 13@18c: Western creamery,
14g(2li^c: do held, 12@18c: do factory, »@K-tc;
Elgins. 2iy 3 c; imitation creamery, liy2©l6c;
-rolls. S@l2c. " _„„,
CHEE.SK— Fancy steady. State. large, 6@loi4c;
do fancy, 10i>ic: do small, 6@1034c; part sktnis,
3i4«7c: full skims iy <§>3c.
EGGS— tfteady. State and Pennsylvania. 12c;
Southern, 10@llc: Icehouse. cas<v £2@2 70;
Western, fresh, ll@liy»c; duck. 23@S!Sc.
TALLOW— Quiet, steady. City, 313-16 c: coun
try, 33/. @3%c. - . - . ■ .■-.•■ . .
COTTONSEED OlL— Dull, easy; erode. 21c:
yellow prime, i (di'2o\/ :i c; do off grade. Zb
RESIN— DuII, steady; strained common to good
f 170®i 75. : *-■ '. ' , ,
TURPENTINE— Quter, steady; 29 1 .4@29 1 ,2 C.
POTATOES— Steady; unchanged. o ,.V;i,
RlCE— Steady; domestic, fair to extra, 3@5«4c;
I Japan", 33,i(34c , _,
.MOLASSES— Firm; New Orleans open kettle,
good to choice. 27©37 c. •• . ,-'■- •"■"»
COFFEE— lnactive; unchanged to 5 points up;
March, $12 85: June, $11 95; September, all 05
©11 15. Snot Rio dull, firm: No. 7. 13% c. • ■ -
SUGAR— Raw dull, firm; fair rettatng. 33 /4 c;
centrifugal 96 test, 4i^c. Refined, quiet-, steady;
No. 6. 434<-: No. 7. 4 6-16 c: No. «, 4V 4 c; No. 9,
4 8-l«c; No. id. 41 «c; No. 11, 4 11-16o: No. 12,
4c; off A, 4 9-16@4 11-16 c: mold A, 6*,ic; stan
dard A, 514 c; confectioners' A, 4 %c; cut loaf and
crushed, y go; powdered and cubes, 51/4 C; granu
lated, 6c -- \ • - ■ -
Fruit and Produce.
" CALIFORNIA FRUlTS— Apricots, bags, Q 3 A@
l"'c ; . ■ - ; ; .
'"PEACHES— Peeled. ©15c; nnpeeled, 4Va@
ey-c
PRUNES— Four sizes, bags. sVic ■::■_;■ .<■- .v.
RAlSlNS— Clusters, $1 V!6<ai 40; do London
layers. 76@85c; do loose Muscatel, S-crown,
SJ4@3i^c; do 4-crown. 4y 2 @sc.
ALMONDS— Soil-shell, 7Va@Bc; do paper-shell,
usai'jc.
: WALN UTS-Standard, 6y 2 @7c; do soft-shell,
B%@loc. „,,
HOPS— Quirt: State, common to choice, ly^
@Sc: Pacific Coast. 2y 2 @Sc. . __._ ■
WOOL— Quiet; firm; domestic fleece, 16@22c;
pulled, 15@S3c: Texas, «@l3.
HjL-ffi^fjt Merchandise.
PIG IRON— : American. $11 75@13 50.
COPPER— Quiet: Lake. Slliffill l-! l 2-
LEAD— Easy: Domestic, $3 15@S 17%.
TlN— straits, $13 80: plates, quiet.
BPELTER-Ciuiet; domestic, S4 10@4 15.
CHICAGO MARKETS. . .
; CHICAGO, 111., March 7. — The weakness
! which came over wheat just before the close yes
terday continued to-day. It was the pressure of
long wheat and the cbsence of anything but an un
important and insignificant short interest that
worked the demoralization. Commission houses
which until recently have professed great bullish
cess have of late been advising clients to take the
other side, explaining that nothing but crop scares
could help prices. Each day the prospect of injury
to growing wheat grows more remote, and already
trie most cheering advices are being received from
many sections.
To add to the depression of the market today the
weekly export statement by Bradstreet's. showing
the shipments from both coasts.was unsatisfactory,
only 2,408,000 bushels, including wheat and Hour,
going out. Liveruooi cables were weak and Id
lower. Receipts in the Northwest were 403 cars
I agi>inst 490 !ast Saturday and 277 a year ago.
Chicago received 49 cars and Inspected out 110,000
bushels. Argentine shipments last week weft
! 1.172,000 bushels. Export clearances at Atlantic
ports were 146.603 bushels. Closing Paris and
Berlin cables were lower and Antwerp unchanged.
May wheat opened from 65yjC to GSi/ic, declined
to 647' B (E6sc, closing at 65i g @6si.4c, 1 -''^' r '»'' un
i der yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday 80
■. cars. J ' .■■..■■•
CORN— Suffered from the weakness of wheat and
' from larger receipts than expected, 537 cars.
There was a fair trade, which was main!;/ of a
local character, but the attention of operators was
diverted by 'he greater v activity in wheat. With
: drawals from store amounted to 47,800 bushels.
; ' Liverpool cables were quiet aud steady. Export
i clearances were 970 bushels. May corn opened
ai 80y B e, declined to 80c, closing at 30<SS0V8C, i< 8 c
I under yesterday. Estimated receipts for Monday
i 530 cars.
! OATS— A fairly steady oats market was noted,
I but there was no trading entitled to particular at-
I tention. Buying by "snorts" steadied the tone and
J prevented prices from following the course of (he
other markets. Receipts were. 241 cars, and |
: 17.436 bushels were, taken from store. May oats
closed unchanged from yesterday. Estimated re-
I ceipts for Monday. 260 cars.
FLAX— Was steady. Cash, 89y 2 c; May, 90c
I bid. Receipts were 19 cars.
PROVISIONS— Traders in provisions reported a
! poor business, whatever there was being purely
I local. The hog market was a trifle strouger this
; morning, and that furnished support to product.
Through sympathy with wheat prices declined
: later. At the close May pork was 7^c under yes
terday, May lard il^%e lower, and May ribs a shade
I lower.
Closing: Prices.
WHEAT — March, 63* 4 c; May, 65y g @6si,4c;
! July 655
CORN— March, 28i /8 May, 30@30y 8 c; July,
31@31V8C
, 1 is— May, 20% c; July, 21c; September,
-: . -:' '-
PORK— May, $9 67y 2 : July. $9 85.
•LARD— May. $5 40; July. $5 s_'J«.
i:.i.<— May. So 17^; July, $5 27^.
Livestock.
: UNION STOCKYARDS. 111. March 7.—Offer
; ings of cattle to-day v.-ere light and prices steady.
i Only a few were received. The arrivals of hog»
j were light, and a good demand was noted. : Prices
averaged 2Va@sc higher. The few sheep arriving ,
to day were closed out at steady prices.
i OATTLE-ReceiDts. 700. Fancy beeves, f 4 55
] (24 65: choice to prime, 1300 to 1750 pound steers.
$4 25@4 40: good to choice steers. 1200 to 1600
: pounds. 93 90&4 20; medium steers. 1160 to 1300
' pounds, $3 651&3 83: feeders. 90J to 1200 pounds,
1 $3 45@3 75: cows, poor to good canners, $1 50®
! 2 45; calves,' common to -OjJ, $2 75@5; Texas
: fed steers,* .$3 10@4 10: -common steers. 950 to
11200 pounds,' ?3 00(3,3 60; mockers, 800 to 900
pounds, $2 75@3 45; bulls, choice to extra, $3@
i 3 50; Texas led bulls, oxen and cows, $-Jt 35(gj
! 3 25. , "
HOGS— Receipts, 13,000. Heavy packing; ana
shipping lots. $3 90@4 10: common to choice
mixed. $3 90@4 12%: choice assorted, *4 .00
4 17Vb: iigbt, *3 90@4 20; Digs. *3 10@4 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 16UO. Inferior to choice,
%'i bOS*3 «5; lambs, $3 60@4 70. :
HEW YORK STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
_ 'ri- Shares.
jaoney on call nominally 3@3y 2 %. Prime mer
cantile paper, sVa®6%- Bar silver, 688/ c. Mexican
i dollars. b434@56V2C. bterling exchange steady,
with actual i.usi'aess In banuers' bills at *4 blis
4 87- l lor 60 flays and *4 88@4 SBl4 for demand.
Posted rates *4 87i/2©4 89. Commercial bills,
S4 >-60.4 SO 2- Government bonds strong; State
bond* dull; rburoaa oonas lower. Silver at the
! board was neglected.
ii-OSIKd STOCK*.
Am Tel & Cable.... 91 Norfolk & Wes"... 1%
A-chison_ 16V 8 ! Preferred 7i 4
Preferred . * '^Ye Korthern Pacific. 4
Adems Express... 147 Preferred.... ..... 17
I Alton, Haute. 56 western. 103p,
American Express.llo Preferred 14 »
American Tooacco. 73% N. \. Central 073,4
Preferred-- ■...'••100 jN . Y. Chicago l^Va
j Star*: iiaa 17 .I . let preferred 70
! Baltimore & Ohia. U% id preferred 2«3/ a
■ BruuswjcK Lands.. M>. }.•*£• H.......1J8
! Buffalo Roch &P. 1* K. New Eng. 40
Canada Pacific. ... 6»% NVY Bnsa * W... 9%
Canada Southern.. Mi ■■ Preferred......... 27
Canton Juand 60y 8 Ontario. U
• Central Pacific. ... 15 j Ontario* Western. 15
i Cbes.<fc Ohio. 16% Oregon . lmprovmt. 3
chlcAKO A1t0n.... .155 ' Preferred.... —
! Preierrea.. .....170 i Oregon Navigation. 13V a
( hlcaito, B.& Q.... 76% Oregon bbort Lin*. 6
Chlcalo& K. 111... 43 Pacific Mail ....... 25%
Preferred **<* J'eona, D.& Evans. 2y 3
Cbicagooas! ...... 06 Piusburu & W pfd. '20
CleveA Pittsburd.l«O Pullman Pa1ace.. .156
Consolidation Coal. 30 Quicksilver.. _ iy a
; consolidated Gas.. 154*4 Preferred...... ..15 1- 2
IC.C. C. & Loui* :S6 Beaaing ....:..... liy 8
Preferrea «*>Va RioGr»nde«fcW«eui *"<V4
' Colo. Fuel & Iron.. M) ; Preferred......... 45
Preferred 9H Rock: 1ajand....... 7 iy %
Cotton Oil Cert 15 ilomeVVat &OgdenllsVa
Comm«rclal Cable. 153 .St. L. & & W.......V 6
he]. Hudson 126 'Preferred.... it
Del.Lack&Weaternlßiyaet.Paui.-. 77
Denver dsK.U 1-JVa Preferred.... 1-9
Preterrea 477'b St. Paul Duluth. 76
DlstUiers..... 17V* Preferred «9
Central Electric... 34Vs 6 '» Paul & Omaha.. 4 Va i
I trie ■ 1 » i/.» Preferred, 124-
Preferred.... .... iusy "*■ P. M - & to 109
j Fort Wayne....... 162 Oliver Certincates.. 68V3
! Great Northern fcouthern Pacific... i 9
idreenliay - */% boumern K. X.. — 9Va
U&rlem .-...29 Preferred... 30Vi
' Hocklne Coal.. ... AS ' A fengar Refinery....] 16
Hocking Valley... 17 I Preferred......... 10.1%
: HomestaKe .. 30 iTcnn. Coal <fc Iron. 2 *>i/4
H.i Texas Ceut_. l l Preferred....,...: 100
Illinois Central.... 9-> lexas Pacific 8' 2
i lowa Central. ...... B%n ol. A. A.dc N.Micn. —
Preferred... 1 / 2 To). & Ohio Ceo... i.O
; ' Kannasi& Texas. _ 1154 Preferred...;..... 65
Preferred.... /4 lol.St.Louls&JCa - 4 '
! Kingston & Pern... -3 I Preferred..^...... 10
< lake trie Westn 20 1 /4 ; Union Paclnc 7%
Preferred 73 11 . p.. Den. & Unit 4V*
' Lkite shore 147 j U.S. Cordage....... 6.
! Nauonai Lead—... - r ' :l Preferred.......^ lo
Preferred....;.... 85i}/ Guaranteed.... .«. '21
: I.one Jsiana :81 D. S. .cxnreas...... 4*2
j Louisville & Nash. 5 8/4 U. S. Leather 9Va
; Louisville Nad Cn. 9 1 /" Preferred. 8 i'/»
• Preferred......... 2^ '. U. S. Rubber...... a 45/ 8
SJHriliatian Consoi. ]'•"<' 8 Preferred... 'H8 '
Memnnm<t Charts. IS ltlca<t It. River.. 161
; Mexican Central... Hl4 VVab. «. L.dtPao.. 6%
< M lchijran Central.. 95 | Preferred I'" I .*
j ■Mlnn&S.L Weils-Fanta 96
Preferred.. — - Western Union.... 84ya
: Minn. <fcBL Lcom. 19 V4W is Centra*........ 31/ a
Ist preferred 7»y 2 Wheeling <fcL.K.. 10» A
id preferred...... 50 1 Preferred.......... 37
! Missouri Pacific.. 24 ;A m Cotton Oil pfd. - lit
! Mobile* 0hi0..... HVa w U 8eef .......... 9'i
Kaehvllle Cbau.... 68 Ann Arb0r......... lo
National Linseed.. 16 Preferred...-.....: 25
K. J. Central 106% Brooklynß Transit 23
North American... &V 4! ; ., ;
U 84i,it(5.; ...... .108i/41MKT2d5. .../.. .. r.014
Do, 4» c0up0n... 11 05/ 8 i Do, *»..;.. .....;.. 86%
tj « new re* 117 i/ Mutual Union 65.. .115
Do, 4i coupon. ..ll7i' b N J Cent Gen 6s. ..1 7
Do. 25.. ..85 {.Northern Fao lsts. 117 V 2
Do, 6s ...... .....1123^ .•D0,'!M«.....;..:..11aVi
Do. 6s c0n00n.... 11/3.1 Do. acia;. ......... 81Va
Cherokee 4s. 1896. 100- Noun west Consols. 38 .
Do. 1897 .....;. 100 . Do.deb Os 10. Vt
Do. 1898..... 100 OB4N 15ta......111V4
Do. 1899... ....... 1-0 SiL&lronMiGen 6s 79y 2
Pacific 6s 0f '95.... KtLA SJ?G«a6».ir7
D. C. 8-6 110 Ist Paul Consols ... iat> >, 3
iTSE SAN tfKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
Ala Class A 4....... 118 'St. P. C. &Pa 18U.H8 *• j
Do. Class 84, ss. 103 I Do, Pac Cal ists.. HO /
LaConsoms.....;.. 98% Southern R. R. Os^ 9a
Missouri funding..— .Texas Pacific firsts »9Vs
N Carolina con 65.. 122 i Texas Pac seconds. !JBMI
Do, «s .......... .10» !UnionPaolßtor96.lo2^
So Carolina 4Va»... 108 West Shore 45.. ...105% j
'ifci.n ntw ;>s MS i Mobile & Ohio 45.. 6 l 2
Va funding dobc... 61 i R UrandeWesc lsu 757/ 8
Do, reg — Cheß&O 65. ;...,. .107%
Do. deferred 6a... - 6V 2 Atchison 48........ 78 •
Lo, trust rep st 6 1 Do, 2ds A ....... 2Ri/i
Canada (South 2ds.. QH4SA 6a...... 105
Cen Pac Iris or '95 100V 2 Do. 2d 7s. ... .. 102
Den* RU Ist 118 H & Tex Cent 55.. H0
.Do. -4s. .v... -88% Do. con 65........ 106 -
Erie 2d5. .......... 73Vs Heading 45... 78
Kansas Pa Consols 76 Missouri b5. ....... 100
KhPk Ists Dendiv-107 |
FOKKIGN MARKETS.
.. WHEAT 15 LIVEBPOOL.
LIVERPOOL, Exo., March The spot market
is dull at 5s Bd. Cargoes steady at SBs 6d prom'pr
shipment.
. ■ ... . . : FUTUBEB. .-. .V» ■
. The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Llvej-nool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: March,
•Is 7i4d; April, fs 71 ' d; May. Os 7y a d; June, 5s ,
4 d; July, 63 7s^d. " ' '
SECURITIES.
i LONDON, Esq., March : 7.-Consols, 1-18;
silver, SI 5-16 d; French Rentes, 102f 67c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 day5...... — 14 86%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 88
Sterling Cab1e5..........:....-..... — 4 88 Vi
New York Exchange, eight:..... — Par
New Yorn Exchange, telegraphic . • — Par
Fine Silver, %» ounce '. — 683/.
Mexican Dollars 65y a 56
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were 561,175,
against 093,838 for the same week In 1895,.
a gaiuof.33y3V. . ~\
EXPORTS OF BREADSTUFFS.
Exports of Flour from this port for the first eight
months of thecurrentcrop year were 646,400 bbls,
against 561,430 bbls during the same period of the
previous crop year. Reducing this Flour to wheat
and adding it to the exported wheat, gives total ex
ports of wheat during the first eight months of the
crop year of 10,454,200 ctls, valued at $10,650,000,
against 7.424 ctls at $6,383,000 for the same
period in 1894-95. • ■■'■■■
.THE -WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 18
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week ending yesterday as compared with 22
lor the previous week and 18 for the corresponding
weeK or 1895. The failures for the past wees are
divided among the trades as follows: 1 men's
furnishing, 1 blacksmith, 2 restaurants. 1 carbo
nated waters, 2 mining, 1 hardware, 1 poultry, 3
reneral store, 1 wood Mid coal, 1 dry goods, 1 paint
ing and whitening, 1 jewelry, 1 contractor and 1
1 crick.
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHKAT AND OIHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— TIie Caaabona takes for Leith 18,348
ctls. valued at 820,641.
The decline in futures during the past two
or three days has been pronounced and spot
prices are also lower and largely nominal, as there
is nothing doing at the moment. No. 1,?1 10;
Choice, $1 II1.4: lower grades, $I@l 083,1; extra
choice for milling, $1 ITJ.VAI 25 $ ctl.
■-:. •;, CALL. liOAlcn HALES.
Informal Session'— lo o'clock— May— 3oo tons,
$1 Ill's: 300, $1 13 V*: 800, $1 11. December
-200, $1 101,4; 300, $1 10; 100, »1 093,;.
Regular Morn Session— December— soo
tons, $1 09:'»; COO. ?1 09%: 1000. ?l 09i ; '2100,
*1 0914. May— loo, $1 105-g: 300, *1 10« : 500,
$1 10"/ 8 Seller '96, new, storage paid— 2oo. fl 08.
BAltLEY— Shipment of 21,617 ctls Brewing
valued at $18,374, to Lettb. 1
The market is weak and excessively dull. Feed,
673 70c.- %» ctl; choice. 7iy±(gj72V2C. Brewing,
75<&«-.jy a c.
CALL J.OARI) SALES.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— May— loo tons,
70c.
Kk..!-!.ar Morning Session— May— 2oo tons,
I TOJ s 100, 70 Vic
oaTS — steady, with moderate receipts.
Millinc, 75@80c V ctl; fancy Feed. BO@B2 y 2 c $
Ctl: rood to choice, 72y 2 @77y2e; common to fair,
65(g,70c: Gray, 7U(£7sc; ited, lor seed, 86<&*1 05;
Black 65c@91 10; Surprise, 90@93c.
CO UN— There is apparently no let-up to the In
flux from Nebraska. On the other hand, very lit
tle is being received from State sources. The mar
i ket continues dell. Large Yellow, 87L-j|@9o(:;
! Small Round do, 97y 2 c@sl; White. So(gßsc $ ctl.
RYE— Dull at 80<Sj82V2C $ ctL
BUCKWHEAT— Lower again at gs&9bc?ctl.
FLOUR AM> MILXSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Shipment, of 12,260 barrels to Viadl
vosiock. Net cash prices areas follows: Family
extras, $3 90&4 # bbl: Bakers' extras, $3 80® ;
3 90: superfine, $- 75<j.'-' 86 >' bbl. I
( OR.NMI.AJ.. ETC. — Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 *£ ton.
MILLET UFFsi— Prices in 10-tb sacks areas fol
lows, usual discount to the trad«: Graham Flour,
2''4,c; Kvt? I- lour, SVic; Rice Flour, a c; Corn
meal, 2<54@3c; extra cream do,, 3V^c: Oatmeal,
334 c: Oai Groats, 4i/ c; Hominy,* 4fa*lJ/fec; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, i^fro; Farina,
4V2C; whole Wheat Flour, 3c: tolled vats, 4i,. a v;
Pearl Barley, 4»,<jc; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
51/4.C %4 tb.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN-sll 60@12 & ton. ;
MIDDLINGS— *I6@I7 *f> ton for lower grades
ana 9 17 6<l@lß 50 fi ton for the best. ; .._
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@17^ton;
Oilcake Meal at th- mill, *21 ton: jobbing,
$21 50; Cottonseed Oilcake, $21: ■
* HAY— Dealers quote a .steady market with mod
erate arrivals. Wheat Is quotable at $ft@ll 60
•£ ton; Oat, $ 8&9 ?) ton; Wheat and Oat, $8<&ill
¥> ton: Barfey,>>7<<s9 ; Alfalfa. $7@9: Clover, $6f<s
.8 60: Compressed. $7fa>lo 50; Slock, $6@7 $ ton. 1
bTRAW— 3S<a»tiOC «* bale.
' BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos,?l@l 12y 2 : Small Whites, $1 25
®1 40 <£ ctl: .Pea. ?1 40® 1 50 "$ ctl ; Largo Whites,
$1 10@l 15; Pink, 85c@Sl 15; Reds. *1 20@l 40;
Blacfceye, nominal : !'.»• 1 Kidney, nominal; Li mas.
$2 25@2 &5; Butters, $1 40@l 60 '& ctl. ::--'•■
SKEDS— Brown Mustard, $1 95©2 05; Trieste".
♦2(at2 20 9 ctl ; Yellow Mustard, sl 40@l 60; Flax,
$1 70<al 76; Canary, 3V4(a3y 2 c%< It.; Alfalfa, 5@ <
7c %4 th: Rape, I%<s'Jc %)lb: Hemp. 4c ■$ lb.
DRUM) I'EAS-*l 2551 40 * ctl for Niles and ,
?1 25@1 45 for Green, v
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— The market is well supplied. New
Potatoes are quotable at 2@2-V»o %» tb: Stock
ton Sweets,> $1 50@l 76: Merced Sweets, $2@
2 25; Salinas Burba.. 60@90 «i ctl: River Bur
banks, 30(a>40c f> suck; Oregon Burbanks, 50@70c;
Oregon Garnet Chiles, 60@70c; River Reds, 60@
60c %» ctl: Early Kose, 40(&60c; Petalumas and
Tomales, ..."(;-.■■. . .-?■-• .
ONIONS— There were only about 600 sacks In
from Oregon Friday, instead- of IbOO, as errone
ously, reported. Still, the quantity was ample In
the present weak condition of the market. Good
to choice, 50(a,i55 %i ctl; Cut Onions, 25@*0c; Ore
gon, 75<as85ci* ctL . '
VEGETABLES — Arrivals were 284 boxes
Asparagus and 297 boxes Rhubarb and 119 sucks
Peas. ' x
Asparagus is lower. There are hardly any receipts
of Tomatoes and String Beans at the moment.
Egg Plant, 10@12y a c * !b; Mexican Tomatoes,
91 50(3(1 76 V- box ; Cucumbers, 60c@*l 50 V doz;
Asparagus, 6@9c ft lb for ordinary and 10@liiVsC
for extra; Rhubarb, 50<@?l •$ box; Mushrooms,
20@25c tb; Dried Peppers, 10@)2Vic; Green
Peppers, — — lb; Los Angeles Tomatoes, $150
¥< box; Green Peas, 4c %> . tb for Los Angeles
and 4@6c %* lb for Bay; String . Beans,- "$ Jb-
Dried Okra, 12y 2 c : Cabbage, 40@50c^ctl; Oarjlc,
4^jsc x" : Marrowfat Squash, $40 f. ton. •
. BUTXEB, CHEESE AM) EGGS.
BUTTER— Quotations still tend downward and
the marketjs very very weak. '
CREAMEEy— Fancy, 19@20c; seconds, 17@18o
'f, tb. ■ ■ ■
Dairy— Fancy, 17c 39 lb; good to choice, IB@
16c; lower grades, 14(fl)16c. *
Eastern— l3@l6c & lb.
CUEESE— Fancy mild new, ll@l2o^ lb: com
mon to good, 9<g)loc fi lb: Cream Cheddar, 12®
121/2 C: Young America, : ll@12c ; Western, 12«U
12y 2 o; Eastern, 13@14c : •• - «"
LOGS— Another slight decline la noted. Stocks
are too heavy for the demand. ; Store Eggs, 10 Wo}
lie; ranch Egg*, 111/20121/30, with sales at 13c #
dozen. ...
■■ POULTRY AND GAME. '
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys were scarce and
sold higher. :': -. " ~ - ...
Live Turkeys, 14@15o! for" Gobblers and 14®15c
f( tt> for Hens; Dressed Turkeys, 18@20c; Geese, 9
pair, fl 50feil 75; Ducks, $5 60@6 50 for old and
$7rg7 50 for young; Hens, 94@6 60: Roosters,
young, $7@7 50; do. old, $3 ; 50®4: Fryers. 96®
6 50; Broilers, : $bt&H for large and $4®4 60 tor
email; Pigeons, 92 75@3 W dozen for young and
$2ra.'2 25 for ola. '- • :  ...,,,
GAME— Hare, $I@l 25;, Rabbits, 91 26@1 60
for Cottontails and $'l > dozen forsmalL .' •«. ,
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS ~ FRUITS.
- : APPLES— 25 •£ box ;. for good to choice, 60
@85c for common to fair, and 91 50@2 for fancy.'
Stocks are rather small and the market Is firm at
the advance. :«"■; . •" . ' " ' :- : y. ■■";.:..-
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges are dull and easy
again at: 75c@91 15 '$ box for Seedlings: 91 60
@2 75 for Navels and $2 25ra12 60 for Malta Bloods:
frozen stock goes ' down to nothing; s Lemons, 91®
1 50 for common - and '■ 92@2 75 for , good to choice ;
Mexican Limes, •$4 50®5; California Limes, 75c
t* box: Bananas, 91 25(jgi2 50 "$> bunch; Pineapples,
$S®s %> dozen. - , ;■ ■ ' '
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: ,■.-*'•';'"• :
Carload Lots— Apples, 2%@Bc 9 lb for quar
tered, 3@3y c y. lb for sliced and 414 c 9lb for
evaporated: Peaches, 3^®4c "f. lb and 6%@6c for
fancy; peeled In boxes, 12c; Apricots, 7^VaJBJ/2C
for crime to choice. 9y 3 c for fancy and lo@llc
$ Jb for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black. 2y»c for un
pressed; White Figs, 4@sc in sacks: Pears. 7c &
ib for evaporated halves, 4@6y 2 c %lb for quarters;
Primes, 33,4@4c: Plums, 4c 1* lb for pitted and
lVa@2y 3 c*or, unpitted; Nectariues, 6@6c fy Ibfor
prime to choice and 6i/2 c for fancy. : .;..-.;: ,■ .
Jobbing P*aicw»-rApples. 4@4y 2 c; Peaches, 3®
4c and 5c fortancy; peeled in boxes, 10@12y a c;
Prunes, 4c for the four sizes, 6c '& ft. for 40@60's
and 5c tor 50@60'si Apricots, 6@9Voc for prime to
! choice, 10@llc for fancy Mooruark: Figs, black,
! 2i4®23/ic: White .figs.. S@6c ;■ Pears. 6V3C for
evaporated halves and ;-t^sVjc for i quarters;
Plums. 3i/.@4c for pitted and l@iy c for unpit
ted ; Nectarines. 4@sc 9Vb for prime to choice. ; :
RAISIiVS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are
as lows, carload lots, f. o. b. San * Francisco:
London layers, 85@900 3 box; fonr-crown, loose,
3«/ic ■« - Jb; .: three-crown, loose, 214 c• $ lb: two
crown, : 2c; seed loss = Sultanas, 834@4c ; | seedless
Muscatels. 2V»@'^ s /i c ! throe-crown London layers.
70c: clusters, "$1 36@1 60; Dehesa clusters, $2 10
@2 25: Imperial clusters, $2 60®2 75; Dried
Urapes, 2VjjC $ 8. .: - - .. . ._
JoEßisa Prices — Four-crown loose, 3c; 3
crown, 2i4@2%c: 2-crown, l*/i@2c- Seedless «ul
tanns, 3?4@4c: Seedless Muscate ls, 2y a c; 3-crown
London layers, 85c@»l: clusters, 81 40@l 50:
DeUesa'clu:tere, 92 25; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, '_'V2 C - ' ' ■ .
NUTS— Chest nuts,- 6@Bc^ji lbs Walnuts, 7@Bo
'$ & for No. 1 hard and9@9V2forßoftshe]l,jobbtnsf
lots; Almonds, ior Languedoc and By ? @
100 for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts, 6@Bc for
Eastern and 1 3 "■,'jg<a4 i ,^c for California: I Hickory
Nuts. s®6cr' Pecan's, tic for rough and 8- for pol
ished; lberts, B@9c; Brajll Nuts, 7i/2@Bc|4 Jb;
Cocoannts. 54 50@5 ?> 100. .; J * -,-r.' .-. » -
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10©12 c Ib for
bright. and B@9o '<g> lb for lower grades; water
white extracted, . S@SV2 C lb; light amber ex
tracted. 4U(g-43ic: dark amber,- 4c: dark, 2@3c.
! BEEBWAX-34®27c %> It.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Shipment of 4800 bbls Beef
to Vladtvostock. This Is the shipment of which
mention was made several weeks ago . Bacon
Is quotable at W^c # *lb for heavy, 7VjjC
lb tor light medium, 9y2C ft lb for light, 10y a o for
extra light and 12^c for sugar-cured; Eastern
Sugar-cured Hams, 1 iy«@l2c; California 'Hams.
lOio.r'llc: Mess Beef, $8 fi bbl; extra mess do,
$8 50; family do. if 10; extra prime Pork, $9'# bbl;
extra clear, $16 f bbl: mess, $14 D bbl; Smoked
Beef. 10@10y 2 c ?,Ib. -.. .--?,,
LARD-Easteru, tierces. is quotable at 61.4.C f>
lb fbr compound and 8c for pure; pails, 8i/ 3 Cali
fornia tierces, 6c for compound and 6V2C for pure;
half-bbls, 6»/ic; 10-tb tins, 7y c; do 5-Ib, 73-ic ft !b.
COTTOLENK— 7i,ic in tierces and 8c «4 lb inrlO
lb tins.' : ' - . *■
HIDES. TALLOAV, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— Heavy salted steers, 7c;
culls and brands; 6c ft medium. 6c; culls and
brands, 6c ; ; light, sc; culls and brands, 4c; Cow
hides, 6@si/ 2 c; culls and brands, 4@<iVac; salted
Kip. sc? lb: salted Calf, 8c ft lb; salted Veal,
6c; dry Hides, 10@llc; culls and brands, 7@7Vjc;
dry Kip and Veal, 9c: culls. 6V 2 @7c; dry Calf,
16c; culls, 10c; Goatskins, ?o@3sc each: Kl«Js, sc;
Deerskins, good summer. 25@30c; medium, 15®
25c; winter, 10c; -sheepskins, shearlings, 10(&
16c each; short wool, 20@35c each; medium, 40
@50c each ; long wool, 65c each. Culls of all kinds
about i'>c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3y 2 @4c; No. 2, 8c;
refined, 6y2@sS4c: Grease. 2V3C ft lb. -
WOOL— we quote Fall as follows: Eastern Ore
gon, 9@llc i* !b; San Joaquin and Southern, 3@
6c: Nevada. 9c^ ft.
HOPS— Nominal quotations are 2y £ @5c ft ft.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July delivery,
SJ4 12i.0@-i 25; San Quentln, $4 20: Wool Bags,
24@26c. . ';">: . ; '
COAL— Wellington is quotable at $8 9 ton; New
Wellington. $6: Southfleld Wellington, $7 50 ft
ton: Seattle, if ,"(g,o 50 ; Bryant, $5 50: Coos Ray,
.* I 50; Wallsend, *6 60; Scotch, ¥7 60: Brymbo,
$ 7 60; Cumberland, $13 50 in bulk and $15 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, 13; Welsh An
thracite Egg,, ; Cannel, 98: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $7 60; Coke,
$10 50 in bulk and $12 50 1?. ton in Hacks.
COFFEE— C. E. Bickford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this port during the first two months of
the year at 25,968 bags, against 33,229 during the
same time in 1895. The sales from first hands
were 15,297 bags, against 25,941. The stock on
hand March 1 was 9863 bags, against 7972. ! The
world's visible supply M.arch 1 was 3,012,0.00 bags,
against 2.678,835 bags March 1, 1895. The circu
lar says: "The withdrawal -of pressure to sell by
holders of Salvador ha* given the market a steadier
tone within the past two days, but prices have not
improved either for this description or other sorts.
In fact, values have settled slightly, notably for
those qualities coming Into competition with Sal
vador anil which heretofore have been hardly able
to keep [ace with the rapid decline of the latter.
Business is quiet but the timely return of much
needed rains- throughout - the Interior promises
future activity, and dealers are much more cheer
ful. Tue New YorK market has advanced 1,4 e for
Brazil grades 'since the 28th ult. closing steady.
To-day's stock is i;s3l Costa Rica, 30 Nicaragua,
3374 Salvador. 7760 Guatemala and 848 Mexican
—in all 18.043 bags, against 21.312 on March 7 last
year. The steamer City of, bydney is due about
"the '6th inst. with an unknown quantity." We
quote: ..' * • •'■"■ ■• /'i *•- "~>- . " -
Costa Kica—l9@2ol£c for good to prime; 1814
@18*/ic for good mixed with black beans; 17@18c
num. tor fair : 14<&ltiV2C ; for common to ordinary.
> Salvador— l7y4@lßV&c for fair to good washed;
19y 3 # 2oc for good washed peaberry: 163/i@l7Vic.
for' Miwrior unwashed: 16% c for good green un
washed: in@l9%c for good unwashed peaberry.
Gcatemai^a am) Mexican— ft tt. for
prime to strictly prime washed: 19@l9 a /ie for
good to strictly goojl washed; ;j 7 1 /a@l" < t c.Jor fair
washed ; : 16(^1 ? c . for rnednim ; I4@loy 3 c> for
ordinary; 12<»14c for inferior to common ; liO*/.,®
21c for good to prime washed peaberry; 19©1 9 l
for good unwashed peaberry. ' ■. -. " - .
CANNED SALMON — The Alaska Pack era
Association quotes Red Salmon as follows: ■' in lots
of 25,000 cases. 95c ; 50.000 cases, 92 V««! . 75,000
cases, 90c ft dozen, net cash f. 0. b. ex-ship. , ■ .: >
• bTJ' iAR— i Western Sugar Kefinery Company
quotea, terms, net cash: Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine, Crushed, all -6c: Dry Granulated, 63/gc:
Confectioners'. A, 5 Vie; Magnolia A, 4%c; Extra
C. 4 ; i,e: 1; olden C, 4i/ 2 : half-barrels, . Vie more
than barrels, and boxes y 2 c more. -
SYRUP— Goiaen, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
ft gal. ' ■••■••■;.■•■< :■■--■-■ :
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ..-
. BEEF— First: quality. 6Voc; second quality,
4V>@sc: third do. XV2@*c ft lb.
Vt.Atr- Large. 6@6c: small, 6@7c ft lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6®6y 2 c; Ewes, &i/2<3Bc
ft tb. ■'■' <j ■'■...- - . . ' .■■< ■' ■ -
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 10c; yearlings, 7c ft lb. I
PORK— Live : Hogs, 4Vic for large and 4\4@
43.gc for small; dressed do, ;V:,r. ' k - ■ '<& Ib.
RECEIPTS OF INTERIOR PRODUCE.
■- FOB 24 HOURS. '
Floor, or. 5k5......,5,4tf 7. Pe1t5, »,..... 47
0reg0n.:.........? 612 Wine, gals. 60.8U0
Wheat, ct15........ 7,150 Brandy, gals.. 8,750
Barley, ct15. ....... 426; Butter, ctls 273
Oats, ctla... : 330|Cbeese, cd 5. ....... 7
Potatoes 5ka....... 1,020 Eggs. doz ......... 17,370
0reg0n........... ' -'iA Leather, rolls 65
Onions, sju ...... 148] Wool, bis 4
C0rn, ct15.'.... .....;' 435 Paper, reams 1,724
• Nebraska.:...... 1.600 Quicksilver, flask* 364
Brmn, nit 5.. ......... -785 Mustard Seed, ska U62
Middlings, 5ka..... 320 Lime, bb15......... 81
Hay. tons. 387;Tailow t ctls ....... 47
Hide5.n0.......... 426
HOTEL A&RIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
W R Pless, Stockton E J Carlow, Sacramento
O L Hmith A w, Sacto J H Taylor, Navarro
W H Alinon, Cal C H Randall, Cal
M Small, Woodland D 0 Lewis, Cal
H C Ward, Miipiias S A Martin, Mllpitas
O M Martin, Napa A M Knnc, Napa
Miss Kane, Napa Mlns X Hutcb, Sacto
Frauk D Harcb, Sacto James Oman, Boston
Miss Oman, Boston Miss fclia Chum, Boston
DG Fanning, Ohio G E Atkinson & f, Ohio
Miss F Atkinson, Ohio B T Olson, Stockton
W R i.ouult. siockton H E McMilea <ft w, Aim
Miss Jackson, Sacio S Solan Hall, Sacto
A Kauouse, Chicago J A Schmltt & f, Wis
Peter Forn, Pa A Bradley, Dayton, O
R J Boker, N V Mrs R J Baker, N V
J Talt, Stanford J is Fhippen, Mayfleld
D Lyons, N V F W Ireland «fc f, .Denver
G X Mansfield, Wis W F Morley, N V
C A Robertson, Chicago L Fngel, Cal
J N Kussell. Portland J II Taylor, Navarro
J S Reed, Mt Tumalpias Mrs J S Heed, LaytonvUle
F H Prior, Conn W F Peacock, Chico
B D Conanton, Wis Mrs Parker, San Jose
H X Black, Los Ang F P Littlefied, Redwood
PALACE HOTEL.
L R Wing, Chicago J H Lesher, Chicago
L B Jones, vt isconßin C M Williams, L Angeles
C C Tiffany, US Monterey J M Gait, Stanford
S s Piachel, Wisconsin R M Uunmere &w, Pens
J Samson, hanghai F L Jauies. Japan
W T Thomas, St Loula O B OonschucK, St. Louis
W A Bowden, San Jose W Hoffman &w, Mill V
MrsM H Fovvler.Missoun Miss J Wood, Missouri
Mrs X X Bell, iSew York Miss M B Bell.Xew York
Mrs L J W'iiittemore.N V Misa MEPerry.Pawntukt
C L Buffum &w, Mass C L Burbttiu, Mass
M H Bendbeim, St Louis L X Meikel, Untarlo
J F Outwater, Brooklyn EII I'helps & w.ispgfleld
J PiAdair, Chicago I' lilackmar, Chicago
ilrs M F Greeu, Fresno C Uenne, Stanford
T H Williams, Stanf- rd FII Coyne, New York
Mrs B H Campbell, XV OK Evans, Baltimore
Miss A Spring, Portland Mrs L Spring, Portland
J L Clark <fe w, Rockford J F More, Belmont
C J Newman, Stanford B Steinman, Sacramento
T X Ltedyaril, San Jose J M Morrison & w, Boston
A WykKs, New York A Baron, New York
T W Kroeter, New York
COSMOPOLITAN HOTEL.
J W Lehman, Dubuque M O'Brien, San Jose
W W Williams, lowa Jos D I csbiut, Los Ang
M P Lesher, Fresno D Barnard, Bakersfteld
E Bormey, Woodland B McClurg, Woodland
H tiilenthal, Man Miguel J H Gordou, Fresno
A L Hemtree, Sacto J Thansworth, S Simeon
J J Klllilea, Illinois Mrs E Edmonds, Sacio
R H Robinson, Los Ang H Houseley, Denver
C W ticcleston, Tacoma F O Remhart, N V
C E Fleming, Merced Thomas Ryan, Colo
BenJ Yorke, Astoria G E Mitchell, sta Clara
Jos Tarfar, tsanta Crui J Wososon, Mendoclno
T V'aun, Aleruio-'ino J N Burr and son, 111
M Parker, Ireland D M C French, Revenue
C W Reed, Wellsvllle, Mo Cutter Service
T A Bell, Montana J N Gray <v. wf, Chicago
J E Southsou <fe fam.'Or J JJ Younger, Victoria
J E Mccarty, Sab Diego
BALDWIN HOTEL.
C F Oliver, San Jose O Zlegler Jr, San Jose
G D Fisk Jr. Fresno T J Onffey, Salinas
T B Sloss, New York Dr J B Cutter. Portland
J X Manchester, Omaha G H Clark, Colo
J Cain, Lemore W T Pratt Aw, Agnews
E Pearsoll, New York J C Reder, New York
J M Mattoon, Belvedere J M Amguicino, S Mateo
C E Hartwell, New York G Kimpel, New York
C M Williams, St Paul J Howard &w, Vallelo
J B Case, New York J T R Wurch, Phila
J II Moss, San Mateo C F Giles, New York
J A Chase, San J ode 8 X Johnson, San Jose
W Hlnkersbein, s Jose W F tsauzes, San Jose
T Derby. New York.
LICK HOUSIi.
Miss W Weldv, Modesto E L Wllliams.S L. Oblspo
D Symington/Detroit , J Sweet &w, Martinez
J D Culp, San Filipe Mrs Porter, Santa
Miss Porter, Santa Crus J Feeley, Red Bluff
E B Dana, NY • D B Black, San Jose i
M V French, Sacto J B Smith <fe w. Chicago
H S Harringfon, Oakland 3 S Wallace, Chicago
T H Gaeueard. Stockton A Brooks. Oakland - ■ :
J T York, Napa p,j T B Merry .Ventura '-:',.
N Beeman.SaltLake City Miss Bee man, Halt lAke
I) O'Callaßhan, San Jose Dr KetsalA w, Haywards
J Armstrong ecatur J VV Drysdale,' Ban Jose
X N Ehrharnf Mt View G H Sergeant, San Jose
ft W Strohl, Stockton - G Becker, lowa
\V CofTman, Merced : <- 0 L Bundy.^anta Monica
v>C-& : . .'- . NEW WESTEKN. -: -'-.. ■■ ...'■;.' ■'.- .
D Kelliher, Angel Island W McCause A f,Mt Vern
J E Jones, Tacoma ' L D Jones. Portland •■--:.
J Collins, Alcatjaz J B Carrick, Portland
Miss Kimbell, Benicia A H Gable, Benicia
\V Pitzer, Alcatraz - DM Ellis. Porterville
X H Wise, Whatcom C J Bennett, N V
THE CALL CALENDAR. ]
MaWCH. 1896. ___
Mo.
W.
!sa.i
8
9
10
13
U
c New Moon.
March i 4
16
17
18
/-^\Ftrst Qua
March
24
27
fi2\ Full M«
sg? March
i.
■■' OIt.AN STJSAMEKS. , • \ '
Dates of Departure
ram
IT-AM BR.
DKSTINATIQ-f
If.>.
ftunu .... .
areata.:.*:.:
JFaranon....
Queen.......
Walla Walla
EantaBoaa..
Australia....
Pomona.....
Homer
Weeott......
araco .....
Bt Paul......
Coos Bay....
Corona......
State or Cai
China........
L'mutllla. ...
I niwnon ...... ;
i Coos Bay. ......
. aaulna Bay..
! Portland...:...
Vic & Fgt Snd
Sau Dleeo
Honolulu......
Humboldt Bay
Coos Bay......
Eel River
COOS Bar......
Newport ......
Mexico........
Kan Piesro
Portland.......
China A Japn
I Vic A Fat Hnd
Mch & J.AM
Mi'h 8.10am
Mch 8.10am
.Men 9.10am
; Mch 10. 9am
0.11am
MchlO.lOAM
McblO. i!PM
McblO. ftPM
Mcbll. 9am
Mchll.lOAM
Mch la. 9am
McblS.lOAM
Mchl4.1lAM
'.10am
I Mch 14, 3pm
Mchl5. 9am
: Pier 2
! Pier 24
Pier 9
| Pier 11
: Oceanic
iPler*
Oceanic
I Pier 13
j Pier 13
I Pier 11 .
Pier 11
Pier 11 :.
I Pier 21'
jPMS 3
j Pier v .
sxkajieks to aubivk.
Bantaitosa.
Weeott..........
Araeo ..........
Costa Rica..:...
Progreso........
Pomona.
Homer......;..".
fctPaui .......;.
City of Sydney.
Umatilla...
Slate of Cal.....
Corona.;
Alameda.
San Benito
Crescent City. ..
Eureka ....
fiunol.....
South Coast
Empire.....
Del None
City of Puebla..
Queen...........
Man .Diego.......
Eel River.....
Coos Bay..........
Departure Bay.....
I Seattle...........
Humboldt Bay..........
Coos .Bay
Newport. ................
! Panama
| victoria & Puce'. Sound
i Portland
I San Diego...........
Sydney.
{ r&coma.....
Crescent City.,. .........
j Newport.
'Grays Harbor
| Portland
| Portland
Grays Harbor...........
! Victoria <& Puget Sound
Portland '. . .....; . :.. .
. . _»_ .: u a
..Mch 8
..Mch 9
...Mch 9
..Mch fl
..Mch 9
..Mch 9
..Mch 10
..Mch 10
..Mchll
. Mch 11
..Mch 12
..Mch 12
..Mch 12
..Mch 14
..Mch 14
..Mchlft
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mch 16
..Mchl6
..McblC
SUN, MOON AND TIDK.
U. 8. Coast axd Gkodktic Survey Tide")
BtTI/LKTrs* PUBLISHKD BY OFFICIAL >•
AttTHOKITY of THE Scpkkiktkndkxt. )
Sunday, March 8.
SanrlaM 6.30 ' Moon rises 3.22au
Sunsets B. 12; Moon sets.
March- 1896.
JTlme!
1 1» W i
Feet
Time
H W
|l w
{ Feet
iTlmfi
8! 0.421 3.1| 6.391 4.9
8 -'.081 '2.9 7.48 5,0
10i 3.U 2.5 8.4S 5.0
Hi 4.00 2.8 9.44 6.0
12 1 4.-'ol 1.510.35 6.0
13' 5.18! 1.4 11.21 4.8
i H \V I Feet L W Feet
14' 0.02: 4.7 5.52 ' 1.1
2.121— 0.M1
3.02 -ac
I 3.451—0.8
| 4.22-0.8
I 4.521—0.3
6.29! 0.1
H W ! Feet
12.04| 4.5
.its
4.'
i 4.'.',
iiiw
I 5.56
J.I
Note— ln the above exposition of the tHes the
early morning tides are given !n the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day in the
Order of occurrence at to time. The second time
column gives the. second tide of the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
haml column gives ihe last tide of the day, except
when there are but three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heights given are additions to the
soundings on the TTnlted States Coast Survey
charts, except when i minus sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtractive
from the depth given by !he chart*
HYDKOGRAPUIC BULLEXL\.
. Branch HTnROQKAPHio Offtcb.. U. S. N. •)
Merchants' Exchawoic V
Vili: -^. > San Francisco. March 7, 1898. J
The time ball on Telegrapn Hill was drop(>od
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noon of the 1 120 th
meridian, or exactly at 8 r. if., Greenwich time.
- A. F. Fechtelkb, j i
: • Lieutenant U.S. N.. in charge, v.
BHIPPI.NU INXKII.Hifc.Nri;.
Arrived. ' V*'.V. '•-■'. ; '-.
;'..;;• v 9 SATUKDAY, March 7.
Stmr City of Everett., Buckmann, 81 hours from
Departure Bay ; 3656 tons coal, to R Dunsmuir &
Sons. 1 - '■■ '" ■•■ '■* -- v "'• .■'•.•■ >•■.■
Stmr Mackinaw, Ltttlefield, 85 brs frm Tacoma:
4000 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct. « •
Stmr Navarro, Hard wick, 38 hours from Hue
n. in.- ; 6012 , sks barley, to Jonas Erlang*r & Co;
286 sks beans, to H Dotard. Port Costa direct.
Ship Alexander Gibson, Hodgman, 139 days
from New Yorfcjmdse, to Williams. Dimond & Co.
Br ship Arctic Stream, .Bo wen, 80 days from
Newcastle, NSW; 2312 tons coal, to J J Moore A
Co. . - ■ ■',■■'. : ,"/-- :> 'u l i'~'-i-, .•;.-.? ■.-■•£,•.'
Scbr Moro, ' Jorgenson, 23 . hours from Albion ;
lumber, to Albion Lumber Go.' :».',■' -■■■: _•-•.
Schr Martha W Tuft, Olsen, 6 ; days from - Grays
Harbor; 200 M ft- lumber, to Grays Harbor Lumber
Co. ■ ■ ■■.-.•-• ■ ■ ..--- "• - ■ • .■•'■', ■ ■-"
Schr John A, Heilqutst, 4 days from Humboldt;
445 M ft lumber, to Geo L Sweet. -
Bcbr Emma flaualna, Nielsen, 14 days from
Tacoma, via Clallam Bay 7 days; 260 M it lumber,
to Dickins Lumber Co; 86 ship timbers, 24 ship
kne s. to Cbas Nelson. ' • .
Schr Jennie Wand. Christiansen, 21 days from
Kahulul; 6600 bags sugar, to Alexander & Bald
win. '
Novelty. Herrlman, 6 days from Columbia
River; 716 Mft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co. <
; Cleared. .
SATURDAY. March 7.
Stmr Queen, Green, Astoria; Goodall, Perkins
A Co. :■;- ■ -■- ; ■ ■■- ' ■ • ■ ■ '
Stmr Eureka, Jepsen, San Pedro; Goodall, Per
kins & Co. ■ '■ ■'• '
Stmr Willamette Valley, Yon Helms. Guaymas;
Goodall. Perkins & Co.
' Htmr Colon, * Mark union, Panama; Pacific : Mail
Steamship Co. - J . • .
Stmr Afognak, Moller. Karluk; Alaska Packers'
Association. ' ■ -
ißr ship Senator, Lewis, Seattle; Meyer, Wilson
A CO. :' ■ - - ■":'■%• -'■'■ .-.- ' 3 ..,■■.
* Ship MP Grace, De Winter, New York: John
Rosenfeld's sons. .
. Ital bark Casobona, Cuneo, Leith; Balfour, Guth
rle Co. ■ -•--■■ '■'■-■ ' '■ ■' ■ :■ - ' "-■■ -'■'■.•
Bchr Falcon, Pettersen, Kodlak; North Ameri
can Commercial Co. ■ .
Balled: :i :
— -* SATURDAY. March 7.
" Stmr Colon, Mackinnon, Panama, etc.  •
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Scotia, Johnson. Kockport.
Sunr Afognak. Moller, Karluk.
Stmr Point Arena, Johnson, MendOOtDO. - : -- .
Br stmr Monowal, Carey, Honolulu and Sydney.
Btmr Geo Looznis, Brid«ett, Ventura.
Stmr Bertha. Hays. Port Townsend.
Stmr Sunol. Dettmers, Grays Harbor.
stmr Progressist. Pinkham, Nanaimo.
Htmr Whltesboro. Johnson. ■ .
Stmr Albion. Lnndquist, Nehalem River. '-■■
Ship William J Rotch, Lancaster, Vladivostok.
Haw bark Andrew Welch, Drew, Honolulu.
Bark Albert, Griffiths, Honolulu. -
Bktn Northwest, Lund, New Wbatcom.
Schr Newark, Beck. Bo wens Landing.
* Schr Mary Etta, Wetzel. Flslcs Mill.
Schr Corinthian. Zaddart. Point Arena.
Scbr Bender Brothers, Thompson. Blhlers Point.
Schr Bessie X, Anderson, Albion.
■ : '-., ■ Te>ecr»phto. •
POINT LOBOS— March --7— lo * v— Weather
clear: wind SW; velocity 8 miles. .; v; ;.•<■;■ :>
■■.;■-'.•'■■■'•'•■ Char «r* ••■".■-' . : -:-■;-''
The S G Wilder,. W G Irwln and -W H Dimond
load mdse for Honolulu : scbr W F Jewett, lumber
at New Wha'.com for Kahului/ v .; 'a "
: --- ■. .' ' " .. . 1 Spoken. " *■ .''■ . '.'.''..
' ; March 3-Lat 71 8, long 36 W, Br ship Ilala, ;fm
Liverpool for Esquimau. ■ ; . .- - , -
-,>, Dec 26-Lat 66 8. long 78 W. Nor bark Prince
"Amadeo, from Puget Sound," for Halifax. (; •
Jan 2— Lat 65 S, long 64 W, Br snip Talria, hence
Nov 2, for Queenstown. ' : . : . >
■ Jan 16— Lat 31 S, long 32 W, Br ship Zlnlta,
hence Oct 80, for Queenstown. „-— v <
.. Domestic Port*. .*; :,* ■;,\
ASTORlA— Arrived Mar 7— Schr Lettltla, • from
Redondo. - ; ••-.■>. , ■- .-'■•■ •
; TACOMA— Sailed Mar 7— Stmr Lakme, for San
Pedro. ■■-.. '■ ••■-•-•■•■;• •'--';■.■'■■'■';,• -■■■ ;■'■
.JKUHEKA— Arrived Mar 7— Stmr Pomona, hnc
Mar 6 •- ■> '?-•"■■«: •;-" ■ '■-■. '■■* .•-■•■•>-••.. . . . -
GREENWOOD— Arrived Mar 7— Stmr Alcazar,
hence Mar 6. - * - ■■'■-. : .
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Mar 7— Schr Ex
' celsior, from San Pedro. V ■'..>-<-••:;■>:
BOCKPORT— Arrived Mar 7— Stmr Scotia, hue
Mar 6. <■ ■• • ••• ' '•■ ■. ■ :• ' -. :■■ ■■■ ■:-.- - .' .'.*:--.-.:
COOS BAY— Sailed Mar 7— Stmr Arago, for San
Francisco. :■..-■■ •■■■,.■.■>•. '■• ■..-■.■•,.•
- TATOOSH— Passed Mar 7— Brstmr -Wellington/
hence Mar 4, for Nanaimo; stmr City of Puebla,
hence Mar 6, for Victoria. • - ; > .- ,- . ,- . .
■ CLALLAM BAY— In bay Mar 7— Br shin Gen
eral (Jordan, from Vancouver, for Sydney. • » ,
PORT ANGELES— port Mar 7— Bark Ferris
S Thompson, from : Seattle, for San Francisco:
bktn Bkaglt, from Port Gamble, for Honolulu. > ■
- PORT HADLOCK— SaiIed Mar 7— Schr Sequoia,
for San Diego. .V- -- ' -■■-'■ -'■ >; ■"'•'•:■ -A; ■'-■ ' •->.. .
> SAN DIEGO-Sailed Mar 7-Ital warship Crlsto
foro Colombo. . :' ;
' :^^.:'. '■. v ft.-;':v--"- Foreign Ports. >"*.-%• ~
IPSWlCH— Arrived Mar 6-Uershlp Allda, hnc
Oct 20. v v ■■:-,- - ."■,■-.- ■:. ■;...,:,.
LTVERPOOI>— Arrived Mar 6— Br ship Glene
rlcht, iinnre Oct 25.
aUEKNSTOWN— Arrived Mar 6— Br ship City
Of Benares, hence Nov 10.-
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Xov 6— Br stmr Btrath
nevls, from Tacoma.
FALMOUTH— Arrived Mar 6— Br ship Eurasia,
hence Oct 20.
Sailed Mar 6— Fr bark VHle fie Rouen, for Gal
way: Brsnfp Kinkora. forDuoHn.
COLON— Sailed 31ar s— Stmr Allianca, for New
York.
Movement* of Trans-Atlantlo Steamars.
NEW YORK— Arrived Mar 7— Stmr Stuttgart,
from Bremen.
Sailed Mar 7— Stmr Spaarndam, for Rotterdam
and Boulogne: stmr Per3!a, for Hamburg; aimr
La Bretasrno, for Havre: simr Umhria, for Hver
pool; stair Kniser Wilhelm fl. for Genoa and
■Naples; stmr Furnessia, for Glasgow; stmr Vir
ginia, for Jteitin.
QUEENSTOWN-Arrlved out Mar 7-3tmr
Campania.
HAVRE— Sailed Mar 7— Stmr La Touraine, for
New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Mar 7— Stmr St Paul,
for New York.
GLASGOW— SaiIed Mar B— Stmr Pomeraalan,
for New York.
LlZAßD— Passed itar 7-3tmr Southwark, from
New York, for Antwerp.
importations.
LOPAZ— PerCoOs Bar— '2 sks sugar.
Mazatlan— l bx picures. 9i bxs green tomatoes,
5 bxs chili peppers, 6 sks peas, 12 bxs lemons, 42
pfcgs nio,es. 246 bags silver ore, 16 Sks horns, 6
sks 24 crtssheils, 1 pkg cola bullion, 6 turtles, 1
bdl silver bullion, '2 bags Mexican coin.
Ensenada— 1 bag Mexican coin.
Per Coos Bay— Brown A Adams; F Ruther A Co:
L F Lastreto; W Loaiza <fcCo; Thiedemann <fc
Delius; Thannhauser A. Co; Gardner dc Xhornley:
Nordman Bros; Chinese merchants.
Wtur'lAXtA Shipping • JntrUinrnee *". Twelfth Paa*.
gSSL ■ OFFICE FDRNITURS
K^wl AND FIXTURES.
K^CF. WEBER & CO.,
3fXT to SOfi Post St.. cor. Stoc^tfti
_ OCEAN STEAMSHIPS. • • '
riCIFIC CO IST STEAMSHIP COMPAQ
CUT RATES
- -—TO
VICTORIA, B. C., and
PUGET SOUND.
1 First Class &8.00
Beoond Olam )1500 |
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office — 4 Ifew Montgomery Street
eGODALL. PERKINS A CO.,
' .'..■ ■■- ; : General Ageqta.
O. I^.. jcf3 IV.
ASTORIA AIiPORTLAND.
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Colnmbia 5ai15........ March 9 and 19
State of California sails... March 14 and 24
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. M.' : ,
60ODAJLL, PERKINS A CO.. Genl. Snpts. ' -
F. f. CONMOR, General Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPMI
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FKOIT .-J^ggL
Broadway wharf, San Francisco, as -StafiK
follows: •'' •■ '
For Mary Island, J.orinjr, Wrantrel. Juneau. Kil-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at 8 a. k., March 15, 30,
April 14. 29. ■- '.'.-■
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and New
What com (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9 a. m.
March 5. 10. 15, 80, 25. 30. and every fifth
day thereafter, connecting; at Vancouver wlta
the C. P. K. R., at Tacoma with N. P. R. X.,
at Seattle with G. -V. By., at Port Townsend with
Alaska steamers. ... -. ••: ?. -' .. ■ ■' '
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landing (Hum-
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. St., March 2, 6, 10,
14. 18, 22, 2«, 30, and every fourth day thereafter.
- For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucoj,
Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gaviota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura. Hueneme, san Pedro, East San
Pedro (Los Angreies) ana Newport, at 9a. m., March
4. M. Ii, 16, 20, '24, 28, and every fourth day
thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harford
(Ban Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port Los
Angeles. Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
A. M., March '2, 6, 10. 14, 18, 2-', 26. 3!), and
every fourth day thereafter.
or Knseuada, San Jose del Cabo, Mazatlan, La
Paz, Altata and Guayoias (Mexico), str. Willam-
ette Valley, 10 a. if.. 25th of each month. .V, -v
Ticket office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery,
street. ■■ ■ . *• < - \ -. ■■■ ■ ■■■-. ■..-  •■ ■ -
-.- . GOOD ALL, PEP E INS A CO., G«nl Agent*
: " ■■■■'■ ■■■■'- 10 Market St.. San Francisco^
STEAMSHIP COMPASY.
' (Freemantle), Austra-
tJ * k fly ,„ Ha; ?220 first class;
* |v Nr\l jlL*'' $110 steerage. Lowest
_gjy_ (^»_Bs^tefc'*' v rates to . Capetown,
WBBJf M^k vKk Steamship" Australia,
RRf •siAbVv xtiSk Honolulu only, Tnes-
■r vaLtfnM dav ~ March "*• at 10
' ajwglF /fly Australian steamer,
Honolulu and Auck-
Spkciai, Pabtiis.— Reduced rates for parties
March 10 and April 7.
; Ticket Office, 114 Montgomery street.
- Freight Office, 827 Market street ■
. J. D. SPBECKKL3 A BHO-*. CO., - I
: . General Agents. l t
COMPAGSIE OEIEBIL TRANSATLANTIC
i French Line to Havre.
/COMPANY'S PIER (NEW). 42 NORTH Aftl
\J River, foot of Morton at. Travelers by ■gra>g>flp
this line avoid both transit oy English railway and
the discomfort of crossing the channel, in a small
boat. New Yoric to Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris,
first-class f 160: second-class, $116.
LA GASCOGNE. Capt. 8aude10n........."...... •
..............:. March 14, 10 a. m
LA BBETAGNE. Capt. Rupe....... ...... ....... i
...March 2l, 5 A. v
LA BUUBGOGNE, Capt. Leb0euf...... ........ i
............ ............ ...... ..March 28, 10 a. if
LA NORMANDIE, Capt. Delonc'.e., ............
............April 4, SA. W
tW For further particulars apply to :".':
; ...» A. FORGET, Agent,
. No. 3 Bowling Green, New York. ;
J. F. FTTGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue. San Francisco. ; -. • . , ;
SETHERLASDS AMERICA! STEAM lAVI-
-1 GATIOH COMPAH.
Now York to Boulogne (Paris), Rot-
terdam and Amsterdam,
Sailing from New York EVERY SATURDAY at '
9 A. M.
Cheapest route to Europe.* First cabin $45 and •
upward. Second cabin $36. ■ Round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. ; Lowest steerage rates to all points. ,
For passage ' apply ito local : , ticket i\ agent . or
THOMAS COOK <& SON, Pacific Coast passenger
agents, 621 Market at.. S. F. : '
MITE JSTAR LIME.
United States and Royal Hail Steamers
'<.'■-. -■■ •' ' BETWEEN . '
New York, Queen & Liverpool,
. isAIUNU £V£K lf WJE.EK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWABD, ACCORD- nf fh
V* lug to steamer and accommodations aSfifiaT
selected: second cabin, $85 and *4o; Majestic &uU
Teutonic. > Steerage Tickets : from : England, Ire- '
land, f Scotland, Sweden,' Norway • and ■, Denmark -
through to Saa Francisco at lowest rates. * Tickets,
sailing dates and . cabin plans may be procured
from ,W. H. AVEBY, Pacific Mail Dock, or at the \
General Office of the Company, 813 Market street.*
aider Grand Hotel, vy- o. w. FLETCHER, j
:• ' '■ ;g,"i; General Agent tor Pacific Coast. '
ROIAI lAII ;jai packet COMPACT.
STEAMEBS LEAVE • ASPIN WALL AflBV
fortnightly for the West ladles and ffjfta
Southampton, calling en rout* - at '• Cnbourgh,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.' • ■ "■ . . '
Through bills of lading, In connection with the
Pacific Mall S. 8. Co., issued for freight and treaa*
■re to direct ports In England and Germany. -J,
' m Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth,
Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, 195; th'.H
•laa*. 997 MX For further particulars apply to
:^TT. PABROTT A CO., Agents,
 306 California St.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 8. Washington St,
■ At SP. 31, Dally, ; Except Sunday. .
tpr- Accommodations Reserved by Telephone. ":
:-. jh ■ - -.•".:-: SXKAJttJiK : ;,?-. . '
T. C. Walker. J. D. Peters, .
Alar; Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 108, CM. N»v. and Impt. Co.
f ALLEJO, MARE ISLWD,*BEHCIA, PORT
COSTA AID CROCKETT.
STB. MONTICELLO, ifi-
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:3o A. *
and 4 F. m. ; Saturday, 12:30 noon* ■;- ■
1 ' • ' "■'■-, Sunday— a r. ic
•4*. v. only. '- v . •. -• v
/ . Landing Misiloa 1, Pier 3.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
BIG REDUCTION IX RATES BY RAH
PORTLAND, OH..
M0NDAY........,............: MARCH 9
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foot
0/ Market su, at 8:00 p. m.
! <Kr A a— lncluding -Berth in Pullman Tourist
%90iUU peeper.
....ALSO...
First-class tickets, including berth In QIA.OfI
Pullman Standard Sleeper, <!P-*-" — ■
SPEC! »L NOTICE.
This train will not stop to deliver or take on pi»
sengers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets o»
sold or baggage checked to such points.
, tRT Through Tickets for Pu?et Sound
points on Sale at Ileducod iiates.
..■ For further Information apply at :,.
* 613 MARKET STREET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Office), San Francisco.
RICHARD GRAY, ; T. H. GOO DMA IT,
' ■ Gen. Traffic Mgr. . Gen. Pass.*
■omrsnoui pacific cohpait.
1"1 (PACIFIC HVBTEM.I ' ; s"/S L
Trains leave »nil nredne to arrive at >■
»AN t'l:A.\nsc«.
leave — FHOM November £0, 1895. — Aitnivi
~6:30a Hayward3, 2?iies~asd Way Stations.. 10: 1
7:«0a Atlantic Express, 0;>lc!i and Kast.. 8:45j
7iooa Benlcia, VacaTiUe. Kurr.3ey. Sacra-
■ - monto, and Bedding via Davis.... 7jl3i
7:30 a Martinet, San Ramon, Napa, Calls-
. toga and Santa Rosa 6:15 i
StaOANiles, San Jf,sc, Stockton. lone.
Sacramento. Marys*ilh\ Ue<l Uiuff
nud Sundays exeppted Oro'lllo — * » I l
•8j»»a Peters and Mi1t0n......... «7:13|
9:00 San Leandro, Haywaida & Way fc t'ns 11 :*S*
SsOUaLos Angeles Lxpress. Raymond,
. ; • (for Yosnmite), Bauta Barbara
and Los Ancclea 4i43|
■ O:©Oa Marti and Stockton...: I»s43 j
1O:O«a San LeaDdro, lliywirila r.n<l Niles . . 1:431
12:00 m Saa Leandro. Ilaywarda 4 Way Si'n3 2:451
I:OOp Riles, Ban JosoendlJTermcre...... 8:4»J
•I:OOp Sscrarocuto ) liver *»:OO|
ft:3op Port Costa anil Way Stations. ....... ♦2 1 l
.'?: OOp San LeanUro, llaywao'dst V/ty Bt'ot 0:45 i
4 :00p San I.caadro. Hay wards & Way Sfcs 6*45»
4:0«p Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo,
, Nana, Caliatoga, 111 Verano and
■J^^V- SariUKosa... til 8«
«:••* Benleia, Esparto, vVoodlrmd, >
1 Kulgl-.is • I-imiuig, Marysfillo.
Oro^ills and (Sacramento 19t484
4it*r Niles. San Jose, LiTorniore and
5t0ckt0n......................... ««i»l
5:00p San Leandrc, naywards & Way St'ns 8:431
8:UOr He-* Orleans Kxp.ess.Vresno.Bakers-
fielil. Santa Bnrbara, 1 os Au£tr3,
__ Ceming, El Paso, JTew Orleans nad
Ea5t...........:............. I«*4»>
3:30p Santa Fo Route, Atlantis K>;i>re«»
for Mojavo ami Bast 10:43*
6:00 - Kuropaan Mail, Og<)cn Red Kask.... 0:43*
«:<»Oi> .Harv.anlH, Kites Hml Kan Jo«o 7:JB*
I J7:OOpVallojo. 17:4»p
. 7:00r Oregon i:rprpss,Sucramento, Maijß-
ville. ItoUUing. I'uitlaud, l'ufcct
Sound ami Kast I«s-I3A
7:0 Op San Leandro, Hay wards & Way Sfus 1 0:5«»
9«oopBan Leandro, Hay vranififcV/ay fit us itl2s*9A
flllMr " Sunset Limited," Fresno, Los
- Angeles. El Paso, New Orleans
'■■'• and East §1*4,11
TtllllB: BaaLeandro.Haywaf(lg&V<*aySfn« 7:18*
SANTA ClirZ DIVISION (Xarroiv flange).
8:1 A a Newark, frvillt-.Sini. l osc.l'oltnii,
Bonlder Cieek, Cruz and Way
':.:■■ Stations........ si»»t
, •8:15p Newark, Ccnterville, San Jose, New
'Aliaadcn, Fclton, liouldcr Cr.'-ek,
: Santa Cruz and ■ Trinclral ■ Way
;'< :- . .'. . ' Stations.;. •ll:2O»
: 4ilrji« Kewark, San Jo»9 and 1.03 (.'alps.,.. V:39a
♦ I1:-13p HuntsTs' Kzccrsion. Baa Joae and
Way Btatiors ■.■....:;..' ;.... ■ p;B>T
■COAST VISION (TltiriF A To»ns>-inl StK.)
' 6t45A ban Jose ami Way Stations (New '
' '." * '~Als>adcn' Wednesdays only),, j..';. '1:4*1
BilsASan Jose, Tub l'iiios; Kaut.l Cruz, ■■■'-
feel ••-. PaciQo Grove, Paso Robler, San.' .-'
, ' Lni3Obiepo, Guadalupe anil Priii- ,
r ' ' «!i»l V.'ay Statiors 7:031
! 10:40 a San Josoriiil WaiSUtions »-«©*
I 11:43 a Palo Alto and Wlty Statious S:aoi
•2:30 1- Han Jose, Gi!rr>y, Tres Piaos, Santa
. Citiz, Kalinasi,Monteii>y ami Tacltic
♦ Gr0re...... *....::: :.?. «IO:4Oa
•»:30p San Joaearul Principal Way Stations ; »:47*
•4:30 - SaD Joss Way Stations.. **:OG*
s:3oi> SauJOBO anil Way Stations.... # 8:18 a
6::j©!» San Jose end Way Stations fi:33*
>11:45p flan ninl Way Statmnß. 4 * :4 >
; CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
I Prom SAB fRaKCISCO— root of M::ket Street (Slip 8)—
♦7:li 9:00 - 11:00 a.m. $1:00 *2:00 J3:M
" •i:00 • ' " 45:00 *fI:OOP.M. ;
j Trom 04HIHD— Fo»t of Broidwar.— " *fi:00 8:0«
10:00 a.M. J12:00 •1-00 - tS:fiO *3:CO ti:W
•5:00 p.m. •
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
* Sundays executed t Saturdays only.
t Sundays only.
U Monday, Thursday and Saturday nightn only.
"BTueaday 3 and Saturdays « Sundays hub Thursda«%
SMFRISCISCO & SORTH PA-
CIFIC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DATS- 7:40, 9:20, 11:00 a.m.; 12:35
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
H\ at 11 :30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BONDAYS-8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a.m.; 1:30, 3:30.
■ ' 6:00, 6:20 p. k.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
! WEEK DAYS-6.25, 7:55, 9:30, 11:10 a. it;
13:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. it. ■ . * ■
SUNDAYS-8:10, 9:40, 11:10 A. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:26 P. m.
Between San Francisco and ScUuetzen Park same
■ schedule as above. ■■-'■ ,
'■•:.*.: Leave" ■■'■*• l *fn*iiiZt~' ' Arrive-
I San Francisco. - O ct 28. , San Fr » ncl » '
! WKKK j SON- ito, I t?nation SclN " I WmM *
Days. I days. "*«» nation. -I)AYaj | p AY>
7:40 AM 8:00 am Xovato, 10:40 am 8:50 AX
! 3:30 pm 9:30 am! Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:30 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm, Santa Rosa. 7:30 pmi 0:15 PM
" ■ • Fulton,
740AK I Windsor, 10:30 am
Windsor, 10:30 am
7 . ; HealdsburK,
i Geyserville,
8:80 8 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
~ ! ~~" Pleta, ■ .-;•;■■■
Hopland A
7:40 Ay| 8:00 am Uklah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
! 7:40 am . 10:30 am
8:00 am Quernevllle. 7:30 pm |
| 8:30 pm _J | 6:15 pm
7:40 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:50 am
6 :10 FM : 6:00 pm and 6:05 pm i 6:16
| I Glen Ellen. j ' ■-■■- , :,
i 7:40 am|8:00 AMI Spba ,, O3ol 110:40 am 10:30 am
i 3.30 pm 5 :00 pm i Sebaatopol. | 6 :05 FJI 6:15 pm
Stages connect at San Rafael for Bo'.inas. .
Stages connect at Cloverdale for the Geysers.
Stages connect at Pleta for Highland Springs,
Kolseyvllle, Lakeport.
Stages connect at TJkian for Vichy Springs, Blue
Lakes, Laurel Dell. Upper Lake, Booneville, Green-
. wood, Mendocino City. Fort Bras:?, Usal, Westport,
, Cahto, Wllletts, Calpella, Porno, Potter Valley, John
! Day's, Lively's, Gravelly Valley, Harris, . Hcoila
and Eureica. - .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
sates. ■ ■ ' ■ * ■ '
• On Sundays round-trip ticket* to all points be-
yowl San Bafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market at., Chronicle building.
H. Cl WHITING, B. X. RY AN,
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent. _
Atlantic **IpSO
Trains leave from and arrive Egs&3?Ptg£2g&£
at Market-Street ferry. sf<^3t9Kn\JTn
.'; SANTA FE EXPKb^
To ■ Chicago via A. & P. Direct Line
i Leaves eyery day at 3:30 P. m., carrying Pnllmau
1 Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex can to.
Denver and St. Louis. _~.~!
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-cars,
t under Harveys management. Connecting train*
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. and 3:30 p. m. daily.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties'; no dust: Interesting sceneryl
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or diniov
' can. ..•■■"■' > : ■■-•...:■ p .-:..-■
Ticket Offlce-644 Market Street,
; ' Chroniclo Pnilglca*
I — — — — — -
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
: •> (Via Sausalito Ferry). ; ; '
i From San Francisco, beginning October 27, 1893.
' . '. ■■ ■.'■■■ -.WEEKDAYS.' ;•• " -.
! For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 9-16, 11:00
i a. M.; 1:45, 3:45. 6:15, 6:80 p.m. .
I San Quentln— 7:3o, 9:15 a. m.: 1:45, 6:16 p. m.
, £xtr* trips for San . Baiael on : Mondays, Wednea*
day* and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m. .
-■-' r...<;.: :■ SUNDAYS. •- « -.■ ■■ -
I For Mill Valley, San Rafael and San Quentln—
10:00, 11:30 a.m.; 1:30, 3:00, 4: 80, *6:11
T. M. *l)oes not run to San Qucntin.
: .-; THROUGH TBAINS. / -'■:■?■■''
i :30 A. M. weekdays— and way stations. -
' 1:45 p. M. Saturdays— and way stations.
1:00 a. m. Sundays— Point Reyes ana wayatatlona)
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON ; STS.-.RB-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A CO. I
' European plan. ■ Kooms 60c to SI 60 per day, $2 '
: to 98 per week,' $8 to CSO per month: free baths;
hot and cold water every room: tire grates In
•vary room i alavaiar runs all uiitht. • :,. ; . •. .■.■■- •■:•,,-
2728
CLIPPER FREIGHTS CUT.
It Is Now a Bitter Three-Cor
nered Fight for Through
Business.
SIX DOLLARS TO NEW YORK.
That Is the Rate at Which Freight
Will Shortly Be Taken via
Panama.
As matters now stand there is little pros
pect of an early settlement of the through
rate war. The interests involved are so
important and so many ihateven if a truce
v.ere declared at once it would take from
thirty to ninety days to adjust matters so
that shippers can fa.sure on stable rates in
transacting their business.
It is now known that a third factor is
making a quiet but effective right for
through business. This is the Dispatch
line of clipper ships, of which John Rosen
feld's Sons are tne local agents. And this
lends another complication to the situ
ation.
It is now a matter for the transconti
nental lines, tl:e Panama-Pacific Mail
combination and the clipper people to
effect an arrangement that will restore ]
peace and permanent rates.
The Dispatch line has now the M. P.
Grace on the berth and is taking freight at
30 cents per 100 pounds, notwithstanding
the tact that the charter price of the vessel
is the same amount, it is also reported
that shippers have been quoted a 20-cent
rate and one merchant is said to have been
tempted with a lf>-cent rate.
Louis Bosenfeld* ween asked about the
peculiar attitude of his firm in this matter,
stated that no rate had been offered tDat
was less than 3u cents per 100 pounds,
"but," he added, "irrespective of cost we
will maintain our business and carry
freight if we have to carry it for nothing.
I will add that we are to-d;iy yetting much
larger shipments, as against the railroad
rates, than before, ana we are contem
plating a further reduction to go into ef
fect before long, to meet the proposed re
duction via Panama."
Whether the Pacific Mail Steamship
Company consents or not a 30-cent rate on
east-bound business will go into effect on
the Panama route o-n the 23d inst. Notice
was given the Pacific Mail Company by
the Panama company on the 3d inst. that
it was desirous of having this new rate go
into effect, and, according to the contract
between the allies, this rate becomes ef
fective twenty days after notice is given.
T;;e Pacific Mail" has the privilege, how
ever, of putting it into effect at once, but \
this it is not likely to do.
At the Southern Pacific office it was
stated by C. F. Smurr, the general freight
agent, that no cut was contemplated by!
the railroad company to meet this reduc
tion of the water carriers.
Traffic Manager Stubb? views the situa- '
tion with discouragement that is deeply j
tinged with disgust at what he declares to |
be the unfair attitude of the Panama peo- |
pie. He pointed out that according to his i
idea no less than ten distinct railroad in- I
terests were interested in through freights
between Atlantic and Pacific ports, and
added that the Panama Railroad Com
pany, having smaller interests at stake
than any one of these roads, was yet de
manding a much larger proportion of busi
ness than any of them. He then ex
plained that the war could not be brought j
to a termination by an adjustment between
the Panarua-Pacihc Mail combination and
the Southern Pacific; ail the transconti
nental roads — twenty or more of them —
would have to confer and decide on the
matter.
Manager Schwerin yesterday took ex
ception to the light his company was
placed in by a shipper, who, in an inter
view published in Friday "s Call, claimed
that there was a lack ot dock room and
that great inconvenience resulted from the
practice of receiving ireight not earlier
than two days before the sailing of a
steamer. Mr. Schwerin explained tnat the
trouble was caused by the heavy tratlic
with Central American ports. The facili
ties there, he said, for unloading vessels
are very poor and the steamers are conse
quently prevented from keeping schedule
time, making their stay in this port shorter
than contemplated. It is desired to have
the vessels lie here eight days, but the
steamer that left before that of yesterday
was at the wharf but three days, and the
Colon, which left yesterday, but six days.
Their brief stays were said to be due" to
the lateness of their arrival.
"So far as dock room is concerned," said"
Mr. Schwerin, "the merchants of San
Francisco ought to pay a visit to West
street, New York, and see the trains of
trucks there; they would not then be so
ready to complain, particularly when they
stop to consider that we have worked up
this Central American trade to its present
extent."
ST. PATRICK'S MISSION.
The Bedemptorist Fathers Will Begin
a Season of Prayers at the Old
Church To-Day.
The Redemotorist fathers O'Shea,
Lindner and Stuhl, who have been hold
ing a series of missions in the various
parishes of the City during the past few
months, will begin a mission at St.
Patrick's Church on Mission street at
10:30 o'clock to-day. It will continue for
four weeks. The opening sermon will be
delivered by Rev. Father O'Shea at the
high mass to-day. The Redemptorist is
well known as an eloquent pulpit orator,
and his discourses in the vauous churches
of the City have drawn large congrega
tions.
Beginning to-day the first week of the
mission will be for the married women of
the parish and the second for the single
women; the third week will be for the
married men and the fourth for the single
men. The order of exercises each day for
the four weeks will be as follows:
First mass with instruction, 5:30 o'clock
a.m.; second mass and sermon, 9 o'clock
A. m. ; evening services, rosary, sermon
and benediction of the blessed sacrament,
7:30 o'clock p.m. A mission for tne chil
dren will commence at 8 o'clock a. m. to
morrow and continue for one week. There
will also be an afternoon service at 3:30
o'clock.
It is ten years ago since the Redemp
torists gave a mission in this historical
old church, which includes many
thousands in its communion. The Vin
centian Fathers conducted the la-t mis
sion held in the church. This was some
six years ago.
Father Suihl recently arrived from
Seattle, where the community-house of
the Kedemptorists js located. He came
especially to assist at the St. Patrick's
mission, as this is the largest parish in the
City. The masses on Sunday will be held
at the usual hours during the mission.
Will DUcuag the Chnrter.
The quarterly meeting of the Merchants' As-
Fociation, which will be held in Beethoven
Hall on the 12th inst., promises to be well at
tended. The principal subject for considera
tion will be the new charter. The members of
the Board of Freeholders, who framed the
charter, have promised to speak upon the fol
lowing subjects relating thereto: "The Char
ter," Joseph Britton ; "Legislative Depart
ment," I. J. Truman; "Finance and Revenue,"
Colin M. Boyd ; "Executive Department," G.H.
Cmbsen: "Legal Department." H. N. Clement;
"Pnblle work*," Jrving ■ M. Scott: "Schools and
Libraries," William K. tiibson; "Police Depart
ment," George T. Marye Jr.; "Fire Depart
ment," M. H. Hecht; •'Health Department,'"
I>r. J. A.Anderson; "Election Department,"
Louis Sloss Jr.; "Civil Service," J. J. O'Brien.
"■.-■. . . ' . , ■'■ ,- / ■ •■■..• -. .'' - ': ■'■ : ' '■■ '■■ -■■■■ - ' NEW TO-DAT. ' / ■-- ' .-:'■'.'.'■ '/. .'--■:-. ■..' / - ... -■^l^^^^^. —
Taldry goods storemtorTall !
The Largest and Busiest One on This Coast.
. •*£*-*?
Here it is. Whatever your desires— be they inclined to the choicest goods, or the medium, "Trash has no
residence here," we'll meet them. No Dress Goods stock ever showed better taste and judgment in its selections.
No Domestic house ever showed to better advantages in low prices. The store is a half larger than last year, the
stock nearly twice as large. The New Department for Ladies' Capes, Jackets, Suits, etc., 80x30 feet, is the finest
appointed in the city. Everything for Spring that money and experience can gather is here, ready. As to our
prices, that's a question between you and us— there's no dealers' profit to pay at H ALES.
, ■ ■" :. .■ ■ - ■ ' . / ' ' ■ ■■■ - -- ---■•• ■■ -. - ,-. ,-■.- ::-.. «■"-.. , :...■.•. ■ ■ '-" ''-■-'■.•■■ ' • - ."- , '-■■'; v . ' f . ''■' ;"v • ' ' • ■ ' '
DEESS_GOODS.
It's the bird with fine feathers
| that gets plucked first. An
| early choosing from such
stocks as these is a privilege.
FRENCH NOVELTY SUITINGS, 40 inches,
crepe effects, swell colorings, very new.
. • Price, 51. 50 Yard
NOVELTY BROCHE SUITING, very striking,
yet stylish designs, this season's novelty, in
lour colorings, 40 inches wide.
Price, 51. 2 5 Yard
BISON CLOTH, In gray, brown and blue mix-
lures, 44 inches wide, for outing suits, etc.
Price, 81.25 Yard
SILK AND WOOL STRIPE, a very desirable
suiting, 3-toned color effects, 40 inches wide.
Price, 81.00 Yard
FRENCH NOVELTY, a silk and wool mixed
fabric, ribbon-grass effects, very exclusive,
4U Inches wide.
Price, 81.00 Yard
REBFERX CHECK: small checks are de-
sirable now, very modest 44 inches wide.
Price, 81.00 Yard
BICYCLE CLOTH, 46 Inches wide, in tan,
gray, brown and blue mixtures, the correct
bike cloth. V v.'v
Price, 75c Yard
NOVELTY SUITING. 38 Inches wide, a small
silk thread running through a richly col-
ored ground. '
■ ■ Price, 75c Yard
FIGURED MOHAIR, 40 inches, swell pat-
terns, desirable colorings.
:;, Price, 50c Yard
—^— — — — — —
THE NEW SPRING CATALOGUE.
Wo are promised It ready for mall-
ing about March 16. This Catalogue
! Is for our distant customers. None
i w lll be distributed In the city. '■ '• I
i
937,939,941,943,945 r/f: fi //^v^ V 937) 939 ' 941 ' 943 ' 945
Market Street. C^^Z^^6vV^Z/# Market Street.
The Light-House
on
Coat Island.
IT was not until the year 1875 that the
United States Government estab
lished a lighthouse on Yerba Buena,
or what was then known as Goat
Island, and it became necessary then
on account of improvements in the Oak
land ferry service. Up to that time there
was but one line of boats, and they made
hourly trips only. The pier where they
landed extended more to the south than
the present one and much further into the
bay, so there was no need of running close
to the island. The light is practically of
Lighthouse.
[From a photograph.]
little value to shipping, as it .cannot be
seen by vessels entering or leaving the
harbor at night.
At the time the lighthouse was estab
lished the island was used as a military
post. Five acres of the foutheastern por
tion were allotted to the lighthouse, and
that has since been sufficient for all needs.
The buildings that can be seen to-day are
those originally erected, and there has
been no change in their arrangement. The
residences are on a high point of the island,
and the lighthouse and foe-signal are over
a hundred feet below. The grounds are
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, MARCH 8, 1896.
SILKS.
Your "some time" is here.
You've always had a secret
hope that sometime you could
afford a new Silk Waist.
GROS DE LONDRES SILK, a fancy wavy
effect on a three-toned colored ground, 20
inches wide, light and dark colors.
Price, 51. 25 Yard
GROS DE LONDRES SILK, dainty little
lovers' Knots scattered over a trlcolored
ground, in 16 colors, 21-inch.
Price, 91.25 Yard
GROS DE LONDRES, floral designs scattered
promiscuously over a three-tonod scroll-
worked ground, 12 colors, 21-inch.
Price, HI .25 Yard
GROS DE LONDRES, large floral designs on a
three-toned ground, very stylish, 20 shades.
Price, SI.OO Yard
GROSDE LONDUEB, fancy floral designs on a
tricolored icround, 19 lnchos wide.
Price, SI.OO Yard
TAFFETA SILK, a good, stiff, heavy quality,
a black stripe on changeable grounds, a very
striking material for skirts, an exceptional
value, seven shades, Including black.
Price, SI.OO Yard
FIGURED TAFFETA, narrow yellow stripes of
dainty floral designs on a three-toned
ground, for waists, 10 shades, 19 inches
wide.
Price, SI.OO Yard
FANCY PLAID SILKS, new creations in
Canela Plaid silks, broken effects in new
colorings, very heavy, 20 inches wide.
Price, 51. 50 Yard
FANCY TAFFETA, 19 inches wide, heavy
quality, was 76c.
Special Sale, 59c Yard
FANCY TAFFETA, 20 inches wide, the best
lin<» of novelty silks ever offered for the
money. All new.
Special Sale, 75c Yard
kept in perfect order, cement walks, bor
dered by beds of flowers, connecting the
different buildings.
The lighthouse tower is a tasty wooden
structure twenty-five feet high and erected
on a point sixty feet above high tide, so
that the light is about eighty feet above
the surface of the water. The lower part
of the tower is used as a lamproom, from
which a ladder leads up to tb.3 lantern.
Everything about the place is immacu
lately clean, and all the brass work is
polished until it shines like gold.
Goat Island light is of what is known as
the fifth order, and is the smallest-sized
light placed in a tower by the department.
The Jenses of the lantern are of the stanri
ard form, and were made by L. Sautter &
Co. of .Paris, France. The lamp used very
much resembles in shape an ordinary
household table lamp. It is what is known
as tne "Haines" pattern, and is made en
tirely of brass. It burns a circular wick.
One quart of mineral oil will fill it, and it
is supposed to develop 16 candle-power for
twelve hours. The lenses increases the
lieht to about 60 candle-power, and it can
be seen for twelve miles.
Although alampful of oil will burn all
night the brilliancy of the light decreases
as the wick "chars." To overcome this
two lamps are used. One is lighted at
sunset and allowed to burn until mid
night, when it is replaced by another that
burns until morning. The night is di
vided into two watches, the men al
ternately taking the last half of the night
and changing lamps as soon as they
go on.
The steam fog-signal is located about
thirty feet beneath the light tower and
fifty feet nearer the water. All the ma
chinery is of the beet pattern and built in
duplicate. The wnistles are of the ordi
nary 10-inch locomotive pattern and are not
intended to be heard very far. They auto
matically give three five-second blasts
every minute. Steam is not kept in the
boilers all the time, except in bad weather,
as fogs do not come up as suddenly as they
do nearer the Golden Gate, and the sta
tion is also equipped with a fog-bell ma
chine that is always ready for service.
The bell machine is located in a building
almost oveihaneing the water. It extends
out over the cliff and in stormy weather its
supports are washed by the waves. The
bell machine is a curious mechanical con"
trivance, built by J. D. Custar of Morris
town, Pa. It greatly resembles the works
of a clock, except in its enormous size. It
is operated by a weight weighing 'Over, a
ton attached to a chain that passes over a
drum and then through the floor of the
building. The machine is wound ud by
hand, the operation consuming over twenty
NOTIONS.
We make every state-
ment an honest one and
solicit your attention on j
that ground.
HAT ELASTIC, round, In black only.
lc Yard
LION HEAD SAFETY PINS, sil-
vered, one dozen on a paper.
3c Paper
COTTON ELASTIC, 1 Inch wide,
white only. Reduced to
3 c Yard
PENCIL BOXES, plain wood; pen-
holder, lead and slate pencil go
with it.
3o Each
BELTS, leather and canvas, entire lot
of odds and ends to be closed.
5 c Each
PENCIL TABLETS, unruled, 1 Inch
thick.
■ 5c Each
LACE SHELF PAPER, 10 yards to
a piece, blue, yellow und white.
7c Piece
PICTURE FRAMES, cabinet size.
10c Each
SILK HEAD RESTS, cord and tas-
sels, assorted colors.
15c Each
TRAY CLOTHS, white, hemstitched,
15x26 inches, value double.
150 Each
PROGRESS LEAD PENCILS, nickel,
tipped with rubber, 3 for 6 cents.
20c Dozen
CRUMB PAN AND SCRAPER,
nickel-plated; will close &t
— — 25c Set
DENIM TABLE COVERS, 36 Inches
square, stamped to order.
25c Each
PILLOW SHAMS, hemstitched, white
lawn, 30 inches square, stamped.
65c Pair
LADIES' DERBY GLOVES, tans and
English reds, sizes from 5V2 to 7Vis-
65c Pair
NEW IDEA PATTERNS— Just re-
ceived, new patterns for skirts,
shirt waists apd outing jackets;
every pattern same juice.
10c Each i
minutes if the machine is "run down." |
This is never allowed to happen, however,
as the machine will run continuously for
four hours with one winding and a few oc
casional turns of the crank will always
keep it in readiness to be started. The
machine can be started or stopped by the
moving of a small lever.
The keepers' residences on Goat Island
are pretty and comfortable structures.
The grounds surrounding them are ex
tremely fertile, and vegetables can be
grown to perfection. Numerous springs
on the hillsides afford an abundance of
pure water for all purposes.
Goat Island lighthouse is in charge of R.
■Weiss, and with one assistant, C. Neilson,
he does all the work of the station. The
lamp does not require much attention be
yond watching to see that it does not co
out from some unusual cause. The great
est amount of work comes when the
weather is bad, and the fog signal has to
be kept going day and night. Mr. Weiss
has seen seven years of service in the
lighthouse department, three of them be
ing on Goat Island. He was at one time a
man-of-war's-man in the American navy,
and has traveled al! over the world. Since
he has been on Goat Island he has made
many improvements, having planted all
the flowers that adorn the grounds.
The lighthouse supply and buoy depot
is also locateil on Goat Island. It is at the
base of the cliff on the eastern side of the
island and is in charge of M. Linne. All
the buildings, except the residence, are
built on the extensive wharf that was con
structed in 1875.
Supplies for district 12 of the lighthous*
must all be obtained from this place. No
matter where they are originally pur
chased by the Government they are first
sent to Goat Island before distribution.
Some supplies, such as coal, may be pur
chased by the schooner-load, but even in
that case the vessel must touch at Goat
Island, so that they can be "checked off"
as received and delivered.
The large storehouses are piled high
with everything needed about a liirht
house. Mineral oil comes in ten-gallon
cans and tnere are thousands of them
awaiting distribution. Wicks of all sizes
are there in bales and also the different
portions of lamps. There are small boats
by the dozen, and ropes, chains and
anchors are piled up everywhere. There
are bundles of polishing cloths and scis
sors and t lie numerous small tools re
quired for keeping lamps in order.
Each of the numerous articles must be
kept track of and the keeper must be able
LIGHTHOUSE SU PLY A" D BUOY (EP)I AT G >AT I L\ND.
[Fiom an official phot ><j rap h,]
CLOAKJ3EPT.
We had expected to show a
complete department of these
goods to-morrow, but recent
storms have delayed freight
shipments. Ordinary stores
would call our present stock a
big exhibit, but ours is not an
ordinary store. We ask you to
inspect the present collection.
¥ Some trade-bri.iglng ¥
¥ specials to introduce ¥
¥ the department. Rev- ¥
delations in cloak-?
¥ buying. *
100 LADIES' TAN COVERT-CLOTH JACK-
ETS, % silk-lined sleeves, capped with
silk, double-breasted loose front, 24 inches
long, ripple back. This garment must be
seen to be appreciated. Regular $8 50
jacket.
Our Price, 95.00
7ft LADIES' JACKETS, in tan, high collar,
buttons on sides with two large pearl but-
tons, strap seams in back, all lined with
printed warp, silk strap on sleeves, trimmed
with small pearl buttons, a bargain at
$16 60.
Our Price, 910.00
60 LADIES' CAPES, tan, trimmed all over
with brown braid, high ruche collar of fancy
silk. This is a decided bargain at $8 50.
Our price to start the season
95.00
60 LADIBB' SILK VELVET CAPES, lined
with black silk. 24 inches lone, chiffon col-
lar, a regular $16 50 cape. Our price as a
leader
910.00
LADIES' ALL-WOOL TAN COVERT-CLOTH
SUITS, 5Va yards skirt, 34 inches jacket,
double-breasted loose front, cheap at $12 50.
This suit will b« on sale Monday only, as
we have a limited quantity and cannot re-
place them.
Our Price, 97.50
to tell at once at what lighthouse a certain
tool is located, so that it can be obtained
without delay. It is known just what
amount of material is required to keep
each lighthouse in perfect condition, and
if a keeper requires more he must give a
good reason for doing so.
The buoys not in use are allowed to lie
outside on the wharf, but each one of them
has to be kept account of. There are all
kinds and all colors — whistling buoys,
bell buoys, lamp buoys and red. yellow
and blue buoys, some plain and some
striped. There are dozens of the large,
half-globe shaped pieces of iron that are
used as anchors, weighing all the way
from a few hundred pounds to several
tons. The smaller sizes are used for bays
and rivers and the larger for holding
whistling buoys out in rough water.
All of the supply buildings are painted a
pure white. In addition to a landing place
for the lighthouse steamer Madrona the
wharf has a float for small boats located
behind a section of the wharf so that the
' water never gets rough except in very
stormy weather. In that case the people
are cut off from the rest of the world as
they have no means of communication ex
cept small boats in which it would not be
safe to venture.
There are very few visitors to Goat Island
notwithstanding its nearness to San Fran
cisco, and those who do go are mostly peo
ple who have business or those on "some
semi-official excursion. During the month
of October last year there was not a single
visitor to the island and less than a hun
dred during the whole twelve months. On
January 1, IW)S, the Government put large
visitors' registers in each lighthouse on
the coast so as to make an estimate of the
amount of interest the public took in such
institutions. At the rate at which the
Goat Island book is be in*.' filled a new one
will not be needed for a thousand years.
Advertising for Skin.
Myrtle Bruna was severely burned sev
eral weeks ago, and the burns will not
heal.
Her physicians to-day advertise in the
newspapers for a dozen healthy men who
will be willing to furnish small pieces of
their skin for the purpose of grafting over
the little Bid's wounds-
The doctor says he will require 100
square inclies of epidermis to cover the
w\>und. The Bruna child is in a weak
condition, and unless volunteers respond
as requested, she cannot live much
longer. — Mnrmetro (Wis.) correspondence
o Chicago Tribune.
DOMESTICS.
Men folks must stand aside.
I The ladies have the right of
I way to our Domestic Depart-
i ment.
WHITE NAINSOOK, 27 inches wide, small
patterns.
Special, Yard, 5c
AMERICAN SHIRTING PRINTS, big vari-
ety patterns, light and medium colors.
Special, Yard, 5c
COTTON CHEVIOTS, 27 inches wide, heavy
quality, checks and stripes, dark colors.
Special, Yard, 7c
BLEACHED MUSLIN, 36 inches wide, soft
finish, value 9c.
Special, Yard, 7c
NEW WASH DIMITY, 27 Inches wide, raised
cord, light and medium colors.
BV3C and 12^c Yard
SCOTCH TENNIS FLANNEL, 31 Inches
wide, wool filling, value 25c.
Special, 16% c Yard
NEW ART DRAPERIES, crepe effects, tin-
seled with pretty fioral designs.
Special this week. 15c and 20c Yard
NEW LINEN EFFECTS, 29 inches wide,
solid colors, raised cord, variety of patterns.
18% C, 15c and 20c Yard
NEW MADRAS CLOTH, 32 Inches wide,
extra fine quality, soft finish, pretty ior
waists and dresses.
15c Yard
NEW SATEENS, in all new and desirable pat-
terns, figured Persian effects and stripes.
15c and 18c Yard
LINEN SWISS, 32 Inches wide, colored dots
on linen-colored ground.
Yard, 50c
NEW DRESDEN DRA PERY, 36 Inches wide,
white stripe and dots on Swiss ground, with
floral designs.
Yard, 25c
BLEACHED NAPKINS, odd lots, fine quality,
slightly soil. -a.
22x22 inches, were $2 50: special. $2 00 dozen
25x25 inches, were $4 00; special, $2 95 dozen
27x27 inches, were if s and $6; special $3 90 doz
BLEACHED TURKISH TOWELS, 21x40
inches, value $1 75.
Special, 91.25 Dozen
A NATURAL GALLOWS.
Oak Tree in Calaveras County on 'Which
Forty Men Have Been Hanged.
On a level tract of land close to the side
of the old road between Milton and Cop
peropolis, in Calaveras County, is still
standing a venerable oak that earned for
itself in early days the title of "Hang
man's Tree." And it well deserved the
name, iudging by the stories told by some
of the "old-timers." Not many men living
to-day recollect things ' that happened
when the old tree was doing its best to
jjive justice to horse-stealers and murder
ers who did not "shoot in self-defense,"
according to the ideas of the men who sat
in judgment. The late Captain Weber of
Stockton was a man who remembered
nearly every hanging that tooK place on
the tree in the early '50's and could tell
some grim tales of frontier justice.
When the tree first sprang into fame
Stockton was known to the miners as
"Tuleville" and the hills around Copfler
opolis were filled with camps that bore
musical names such as "Ragtown" or
"Whisky Chute." The tree was an old
one then, so that it must by this time
have seen nearly a century of life.
Just who %as the first man hanged on
it is unrecorded, but he committed his
offense in Copperopolis and paid for it the
same day. One trial of the old tree was
enough to convince the hangman of its
merits. It was located in a handy plaoe
and its largest limb reached out over the
road as beautifully as thoueh it had been
grown for executions. It was a natural
gallows and did its work for a large sec
tion of countiy.
There was no more ceremony attending
an execution on the Hangman's Oak than
was gone through with in other parts of
the State at about the same time. The
culprit was taken to the spot in the handi
est way. Sometimes in a wagon and at
others he was compelled to sustain his
balance on the soft side of a rail carried on
the siioulders of the executioners. When
the spot was reached the man who was to
be made to "shuffle off" was placed on the
end of a wagon with c. rope around his
neck, one end of which was fastened to the
limb above, his head. Sometimes, when
they wanted to give a man a good "drop,"
FURNISHINGS.
Specials this week in Ladies'
and Gents' Furnishings. Some-
thing for every one. Nothing
undesirable.
50 DOZEN INFANTS' AND CHILDREN'S
LAWN BONNETS, open work and corded
ciown, full lawn ruche with lace trimmed
rosette on top.
Special, Each, 20c
50 DOZEN CHILDREN'S LAWN HATS, 3
styles, colors white, pink and blue, embroi-
dery and ruffle trimmed, every one worth,
75c,
Special, Each, 50c
LADIES' COTTON VESTS, L. N., N. S., ecru
color only, Swiss ribbed, crochet edge on
neck, value 25c.
Special, Each, 15c
100 LADIES' CARRIAGE PA RASOLB, cov-
ered with Silk Gloria, good quality, solid
frame, neat black wood handles.
Special, Each, 50c
A better grade— Special each, 75c
100 LADIES' SUN UMBRELLAS, 22-inch,
covered with black Union Silk Serge, good
heavy quality, Paragon frame, natural
wood ami all black handies.
Special, Each, 91.00
BOYS' UNLAUNDERED NIGHTSHIRTS,
fancy colored corded edge, heavy muslin,
re-enforced shoulders, regular 50c quality.
Special, Each, 35c
GENTS' UNLAUNDERED GOWNS, heavy
twilled muslin, re-eni'orced shoulders, the
regular 75c kind.
Special, Each, 50c
300 DOZEN GENTS' COTTON CHEVIOT
OVEKSHIRTs, heavy, all new patterns,
stripes and checks, rejrular 50c grade.
Special, Each, 350
he was made to stand on a box Ar barrel
placed on the end of the wagon.
At a signal from the man in Charge of
the hanging, the horses attached to the
wagon were whipped up and them an paid
for his crime against the opinions of th#
community. If the offense had been very
serious the occasion was enlivened; by the
offended populace drawing their six
snooters and. filling the swinpintr body
with bullets. On several occasions" fights
occurred and it was necessary to make
turbulent members of the party take their
plates beside the first man hanged.
It is said that over forty men have
passed into eternity from the largest limb
of the hangman's tree. But that is not
all the old tree has been a silent witness
to- On one occasion a man had been exe
cuted just as a party of his friends, who
believed him innocent, came up to rescue
THE HANGMAN'S TREE.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist.]
him. A fierce fight ensued, and the rescu
ing party, being the best shots, came off
victorious.
Twenty men shed their blood on this
day. At tne end of the fight five of the
hanging party who executed the first man
were left alive. They surrendered and
asked for mercy, but were not given it,
and in less than'fi ye minutes their bodie3
were swinging beside that of their victim.
Fourteen dead bodies strewed the ground
around the tree. At least a dozen fights
of this kind have taken place Deneath the
old tree, and people say the ground is
"soaked with blood."
It is many years now since a man went
to his last home by way of the old tree,
but the limb that was used as % gallows
has never put forth any leaves in the
place of those rubbed off by ropes. There
is a little bunch of green on the end, but
during the days of bloodshed that was
most likely only a young twig. The tree
belongs to that order of scrub oak com
mon in the locality, but is an unusually
large specimen. Even in the rainy season
it now looks withered and dry, and some
thing about the place where it is located
makes one shudder and feel that it is a
spot to be shunned.
The following are among the recent ad
ditions to the London Zoological Society's
Gardens: One green monkey, two bonnet
monkeys, two puff adders^ iwo leopard
tortoises, four pranticoles, four marbled
ducks, one Southern River hog and two
polecats.