VOLUME LXXX.-NO. 9.
McKINLEY MUST NOT DODGE.
Called Upon to Squarely
Face the Free Coinage
Question.
PROTECTION IS FIRST IN
THE FIGHT,
But All Classes Are Demanding
That Silver Be Given a
Fair Chance.
SENTIMENT MANIFESTED DUR
ING AN EASTERN TRIP.
John Panl Cosgrave Tells of the
Demands Made on the Bona
parte From Ohio.
ST. JOSEPH, Mo., June B.— As one
crosses the snowy summit of the Sierras
when leaving the garden land of Califor
nia he realizes that the public sentiment
of the Golden State is for protection first
and free coinage after.
Since the Democratic Wilson tariff bill
ruined the Democratic sheep-raisers, raisin
yineyardists and wine-producers all over
the State, the Democrats of the San
Joaquin Valley, chiefly in the Bourbon
hotbeds of Stanislaus, Merced, Fresno,
Madera, Kings, Tula re, Mariposa and
Kern, where Democracy is said to be a
religion, have lost all interest in their
party. They have become impoverished
by a theory, and now that the free-trade
condition confronts them with a jeer at
their poverty, in the same manner as the
footpad clubs and kicks his victim be
cause he had not more money to be robbed
of, they have become convinced by the ir
resistable logic of a hungry stomach that
■protection will lead them ontof the desert.
Hence they are protectionists first, silver
ites second.
The placer and quartz mines of Califor
nia are gold, and if the issue before the
people was simply as to the relative mone
tary value of silver to gold they would be
unanimously anti-silveritee, but outside of
the banker and most of the capitalists
class the people are outsptucen in favor of
silver, the question of free coinage being
second in importance to that of the protec
tion of American industries, because free
coinage means the employment of thou
sands of idle men with which the country
is at present afflicted, and a return of the
prosperity which prevailed before the sen
timental theories of Democratic free trade
had lured the voters into the jaws of pov
erty and desolation.
After leaving California and plunging
into the heat and solitude of Nevada's sage
brush deserts, the traveler finds that pro
tection has ceased to be so much of an is
sue, and that free coinage is looming as
the great question. Silver is the life-blood
of the sagebrush State. Without it she
must relax into barbarism, typefied
by the shiftless Piute, ana into
that semi-barbarism of which the cow
boy is the most conspicuous example.
Silver nngled in the notes of the meadow
lark when I awoke at Ogden at 5 in the
morning. Even the great Salt Lake shone
like a sheet of burnished silver, reflecting
the snow-streaked peaks, the blue sky and
the white clouds that curtained the gate
way of the silver land of Utah, and along
the line from Ogdenjto Salt Late City and
up high in the treeless rocky mountain
to the coal-begrimed cabin at Castle Gate,
silver was the cry. Its echoes flowed down
the mountains and across dreary wastes of
sagebrush deserts to the pictured pink
cliffs and the dark green alfalfa fields of
Colorado.
Ask one of these adventurous settlers,
whose cabin of cottonwood logs starts up
from the sagebrush with the suddenness
of a surprised jackrabbit, as to his opinion
on the subject ot the tariff, and ne will tell
you with some show of indignation that
he would not be so poor were it not for the
goldbugs of Wall street and the gold
bonds of Grover Cleveland.
In Denver, that pretty monochrome in
red brick, they say that tne prosperity of
the State was paralyzed when free coinage
was slungshotted in '93, and that they are
silverites first, silverites second, and Dem
ocrats, Republicans, Populists and Pro
hibitionists last. The same song is sung
on the gently undulating praries of Ne
braska by the thrifty farmer as he walks
behind the cultivator between the rows of
young corn. He wants protection, too.
but he demands free coinage first. Thence
through lowa, Kansas and Missouri, free
coinage is the prominent topic. Protection
increases in importance until the rippling
of the Mississippi is heard, where protec
tion seems the more pressing need.
Farther East, in the thickly settled cen
ters of trade and production, protection
stands in the first place, so that all in all,
taking into consideration the wishes of
the great masses of the people, protection
will be the battle-cry.
The personal characteristics, the intel
lectual and political strength of the candi
dates for the Presidency whose names will
be presented belore the Republican Na
tional Convention at St. Louis next week
are the subjects next in importance, the
cfcief question being, "How does he stand
upon silver?" for it is assured that, no
matter who the nominee may be, he will
be a strong protectionist. Within the past
two days the question has been repeatedly
and even threateningly asked of Mr. Mc-
Kinley and his managers by the leading
newspapers of the West.
The Bt. Louis Republic, a Democratic
paper, in a prominent editorial calls upon
Mr. McKinley to define his attitude on
the financial question, and strongly in
sists that he cease "this palpable jug
gling." Republican papers, evidently
guided by a common suggestion, are
fiercely making the same demand. They
base it upon the fact that the lieutenants of
the Bonaparte from Ohio are claiming 530
votes in the convention— nine more tban
are necessary for a choice. Hence Re
publican adherents of free coinage in
sist that they have a right to be
informed as to whether they will I
The San Francisco Call.
be asked to cest their ballots next
November for a foe in the guise of a friend.
They have come out into the open and are
declaring that unless Mr. McKinley drops
the role of the sphinx and speaks his fealty
to the cause of free coinage they will fight
him, not only on the floor of the conven
tion but on the stump during the campaign
and at the polls on el ction day. So much
at heart have they this subject that they
say they will bolt the Republican party, if
needs be, if that party should refuse or
neglect to rear aloft the banner of free
coinage, and will tight and vote with the
Democrats, the Populists or any other
party that will espouse with their cause.
Leading advocates of the silver cause are
saying hard things about the Ohio major.
They assert that he has been too long asso
ciated with John Sherman to be expected
to be a friend to the silver cause. They
add in corroboration that amons Me-
Kmley'n foremost backers i- G. W. Baker,
president of the First National Bank of
New York, a nephew of John Sherman,
and they insist that a politician should
always be judged by bedfellows. One of
these bedfellows is said to be Superintend
ent Fricke of the Carnegie works, and the
other is J. Pierpont Morgan of the Ameri
can Gold Trust.
If there be any truth in a political rumor
current in Utah, Colorado and Nebraska,
the gold rin- has unlocked its treasury
and has made arrangements to make its
fight in the St. Louis and Chicago conven
tions on a gold basis, the story going that
the hotel biils of the gold workers, amount
ing to $60,000 per day, will be paid by
checks from Wall street Stress is laid
upon the fact that within the last two
weeks several papers have become gold
advocates and that the Associated Press is,
under the guise of news, sending to the
newspapers served by it editorials boom
ing gold and McKinley. Thus, in an ac
count of a battle between a dog and a coon
somewhere way down South, the Asso
ciated Press makes a drunken man shout
"Ho Ray for McKinley." Instantly the
dog and the coon are forgotten, the air is
black with flying hats, and every welkin
in seventeen counties rings with cheers for
McKinley.
Colonel Isaac Trumbo, who is on this
train on the way from San Francisco to
St. Louis, is makine a fight for Teller and
is ripping McKinley down the back at
every stopping place all along the line.
Colonel Trumbo's grievance is that the
wool and lead trusts have domineered the
far East, and that they are attempting to
cripple the West and the South. He says
that the lead trust wants the duty on
manufactured lead to be as high as possi
ble and raw lead to be imported into this
country free cf any duty whatever. This
is because of their cheap investments in
the peen iabor of Mexican lead mines.
"The silver question is not sectional,"
I said Colonel Trumbo this morning. "It
belongs to the entire Nation. New York
is more vitally interested in silver than is
California, Main than Utah, Ohio than
Colorado, and so on through the entire
list, and it must be settled by the Nation.
When they speak of the silver miners beins
the foremost advocates of this issue they
say that which is untrue, for they are in
reality the smallest losers in the game. The
loss of their entire product last year was
$19,200,000, while the loss sustained by cot
ton producers was over $80,000,000. The
loss on wheat, corn and other grains was
$127,000,000. Dairy and other agricultural
products had losses correspondingly as
large. 1 So you may see that the farmer
and the manufacturer are really more in
terested in free coinage than are the silver
miners. Outside of the silver-producing
regions, however, everybody from the con
ductor to the porter and men at the way
stations express the opinion that protec
tion will bring back prosperity and that
the Republican party may be safely trusted
to wipe from the statute books the ruinous
Wilson tariff, which helps England and is
ruining America, and to inaugurate
measures for the protection of the Ameri
can farmer and laborer. All admit that
the money question is the important issue,
but it is safe to say, leaving purely local
interest aside, that the first controlling
issue of the campaign will be Republican
tariff with a surplus against the Wilson
tariff and an increasing deficit."
The Caiiforman excursionists have had
brilliant weather during the whole trip
since leaving the drizzling rain at Truckee.
All along the route, wherever there were
cultivated lands, and particularly along
the green and rolling prairies of Nebraska,
the crop outlook is excellent, the grain
being exceptionally heavy and the young
corn thrifty. Farmers are therefore in a
hopeful mood, and are waiting for the
return of the party to power, when they
will obtain good prices for their products.
The avant couriers of the California dele
gation on this train are in high spirits,
but I regret to say that instead of admir
ing the beauties of nature they are playing
peiro, George Heazleton and M. H. de
Young of the Chronicle being pitied
against Samnel M. Shortridge and Colonel
Isaac Trumbo. Mrs. Clara Foltz of New
York is reading a new work on constitu
tional law and the remaining ladies of the
party are listening to the song of the
meadow-lark and watching the refreshing
prairie breeze ripple the fields of young
j corn, aslant as with a woman's pen. We
will arrive in Bt. Louis to-morrow morning.
Thomas D. Riordan : who is a delegate
to the National Convention, being W. W.
Montague's alternate, expressed the opin
ion that the regular delegates from the
San Francisco Fourth Congressional Dis
trict will be seated, as it is against all
precedents for a National Convention to
go behind the decision of a State Conven
tion and inquire into the facts.
John Paul Cosgravb.
COMPLICATIONS AT ST. LOUIS
Trouble May Grow Out of Accommoda
tion* for Colored Men.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June B.— The complica
tion that arose yesterday over the hotel
accommodation for negro delegates deep
ened to-day. The warmest expression on
the matter came to-day from National
Committeeman George W. Hall of Ten
i^ssee, who has sought in vain for rooms
for the Tennessee delegates.
"Unless quarters are provided," said he,
"I shall telegraph the colored members of
the Tennessee delegation to stay at home.
1 do not intend they shall come to St.
Louis and either go hungry or eat in a
place in which they would not stable a
horse at home."
Judge Loug said: "I am thoroughly dis
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY MORNING, JUNE 9, 1896.
gusted with the whole matter. I have
spent all day in looking for rooms for the
colored delegates. The doors of all the
hotels are barred against them. Mr. Hill,
National Committeeman from Mississippi,
told me that he actually went hungry dur
ing the forenoon. The local committee
promised us quarters for colored delegates,
but there is none. Unless this whole mat
ter is remedied by next Wednesday, when
the National Committee meets, the facts
will be placed before them and a motion
made to adjourn the convention to some
other city.'.'
James Hill, National Committeeman
from Mississippi, arrived in St. Louis a
day or so ago and has tried to find quar
ters for his delegation. So far none have
been found. He said : "When St. Louis
was asking for the convention I did all I
could to bring it here. The local com
mittee promised that no color line would
be drawn. We are looking to the local
committee to see that the pledge is ful
filled."
The secretary of the Business Men's
League says that the Mississippi delega
tion did not apply for quarters until all
the ieadine hotels had contracted their
rooms. He says further that every prom
ise of the league will be fulfilled."
"Five weeks ago rooms were engaged at
the Monahu," said the secretary, "for the
Mississippi delegation. After the storm a
letter was received from the secretary of
the delegation saying: 'Understanding
that your city is destroyed and the con
vention will be removed to Chicago, please
release us.' "
The proprietor of the Monahu wrote
back denying the rumor, but he received
no reply. He has, therefore, contracted to
furnish rooms for the H. L. McGregor con
testing delegation from Texas. The Ten
nessee delegation had made no arrange
ment, and are receiving the reward of tar
diness. However, they will all be cared
for, the convention will be held in St.
Louis and every promise fulfilled.
National Committeeman Charles Leland
Jr. of Kansas arrived to-day. He says
Kansas will have a full delegation for Mc-
Kinley. "Besides," said he, "there are
30,000 McKinley soldiers in Kansas."
Applications for quarters from Alaska
were received to-day. The delegates are
Thoma.« S. Nowell and Charles S. John
son. They will be in St. Louis on the 13th.
A splendid bust picture of the Ohio
statesman graces all the show-windows of
downtown shops and stores and McKin-
The Late Frank Mayo, Who Achieved Fame and Fortune on the Stage, and Who
Was a Great Favorite on the Pacific Coast.
[From a photograph taken by the Elite Gallery.]
ley button-venders do a thriving trade.
Hon. William Gaittree, alternate dele
gate at large from Ohio, has the matter
under his care and is doing it thorouehly.
McKinley pictures and literature are scat
tered broadcast and the order of the Mc-
Kinley ribbon will be conferred upon the
general public next Monday.
The gavel of the temporary chairman
was made from the timbers of a secession
convention hall by a Confederate soldier.
That for the use of the permanent chair
man has a great historical interest. It is
an excellent piece of wood carving done
by W. H. Bartels of Carthage, 111., who
selected the wood— a hickory log taken
from the log cabin occupied by President
Lincoln at New Salem, 111., in 1832.
There are panels on either side, which
are filled with inscribed plates of gold
and silver. The donor is understood to be
a bimetallism as he snowed no discrimina
tion in the ornamentation of the gavel.
"There will be but one rollcall in the
convention, and that will result in the
nomination of McKinley," were the words
of Judge A.. C. Thompson of Ohio at the
McKinley headquarters to-day. Judge
Thompson's statement was in reply to an
interview with Mr. Filley of this city,
printed in an evening paper, wherein he
stated a rollcall must be completed before
a nomination could be made, and proposed
an informal ballot.
"I am familiar," added Thompson,
"with the mode of procedure in National
conventions and I have never in my life
heard of such a thing as an informal
ballot. If, when some State like Penn
sylvania, South Carolina or Texas is
reached and some delegate sees that Mc-
JCiniey has already received votes suffi
cient to nominate him, who is to say that
a delecate has not the right to move that
Major McKinley be nominated by accla
mation ? It was done at Minneapolis four
years ago. When Texas was reached it
was evident that Harrison had votes
enough to nominate and the vote was
made unanimous. No one objected to it
and no one proposed an informal ballot."
One of to-day's arrivals was Hon. W. S.
Manning of New York, who is chock full
of McKiniey enthusiasm. "Major Mc-
Kinley will win on ths first ballot," said
Manning. "Threo-fourths of the conven
tion's vote will go to him. The only ques-
Continued on Third Page.
FRANK MAYO'S
SUDDEN DEATH
Expired While Traveling
From Denver to
Omaha.
COULDN'T BE AWAKENED
Companions Watched Him, Little
Suspecting That His Sleep"
Was Final.
HAD A REMARKABLE CAREER.
The Noted Actor First Achieved Fame
During the Early Days in This
City.
OMAHA, Nibj., June B.— Frank Mayo,
the distinguished actor, died to-day on the
train while en route from Denver to this
city.
Frank Mayo missed his last engage
ment. Yesterday he was looking forward
to an evening of recreation and rest in
Omaha. Rest came all too soon for his
friends. With his head reclining gently
on his arm, while his companions sat all
unwittingly near him, quietly and peace
fully his long sleep began. An hour, two
hours, maybe three, passed before his com
panions called him. No answer came, and
they told each other sadly that 'Pud
diu'head Wilson" was dead.
The company was en route from Denver
to Omaha, as was also Roland Reed's com
pany. Mr. Mayo was to finish his season
with a four nights' engagement in tnis
city. Sunday evening he was bright ana
even more brilliant than usual. During
the night he complained a little of dys
pepsia and slept the greater part of the
time in his chair. In the forenoon he was
sitting with Julian Reed and Mr. Cam
peau, chatting and napping. About 9
o'clock he went to sleep. About 1 o'clock,
while the train was west of Grand Island,
Nebr., Manager Block went to wake him
and found him dead. His face had been
visible to his companions all these hours
and they had walked on tiptoe so as not to
awake him.
The shock was a great one to the com
pany and nearly prostrated Mrs. Edwin
Mayo, who was on the train. He died
from paralysis of the heart. It is feared
that the news will prove too much for his
wife, who has been receiving medical
treatment at Philadelphia for some time.
Mr. Mayo worried considerably about her
condition the past few days.
Fifty-eight of the Elks Lodge met the
remains at the train. Sadly and tenderly
the body was borne on a stretcher by the
pall-bearers— W. F. Gurley, "Spud" Far
rish, Charles Howard, John Tetard, Lloyd
Jones and Walt Misener— to the Elks'
lodgeroom.
Mayo leaves a widow, who is critically
ill at the home of her daughter, Mrs.
Elverson, in Philadelphia. The children
are Mrs. Elverson, Miss Derondo Mayo
and Edwin Mayo, all of whom are in Phil
adelphia. Mrs. Elverson is the wife of a
prominent newspaper man and Edwin
has just finished his theatrical season in
New York City.
No arrangements have yet been made
for the funeral.
DENVER, Colo., June B.— Frank Mayo
played "Puddin'-head Wilson" for the
last time on Saturday at the Broadway
Theater. It was the three hundred and
sixty-seventh performance, closing a sea
son of forty-eight consecutive weeks. The
business of the company in Denver was
the lightest of the entire season. For
some time Mayo had complained of severe
pains about the heart, which he believed
to arise from dyspepsia and from the
effect oi his hard work writing out the
play from ihe story as written by Mark
Twain. He declined to call a physician
i hough repeatedly urged to do so, and two
nights he did not unaresa as the oain was
so severe. He alternately felt that death
was near and that he would soon be well
again. He longed for rest and was glad
he had but a few days more. Although
he kept up during the latter end of the
week by the liberal use of stimulants he
left Denver last evening apparently in
good spirits. All his company had signed
for another year, and their signatures we*e
attested by thumb marks.
\FRAXK MATO>a CAREER.
Achieved JTame in This City I>uring
Early liaya.
The news of the death of Frank Mayo
came to the theater-going people ot this
City last evening with that shock that
never fails when suffering from a sudden
personal loss.
He had but left this City a few weeks;
had played here a successful engagement
and appeared to be in perfect health.
Frank Mayo was, perhaps, the oldest
star actor on the stage. After ten years of
financial failures he was, with ''Puddin'
head Wilson," on the road to the making
of another great fortune. One of the old
men of the stage— he was 64— he still
played young, vigorous parts, and he was
still young in heart and spirit. Among
his fellows he was popular and, notwith
standing the financial failures that at
tended his excursions into the legitimate,
he was one of the most capable of the
artists who have essayed these roles. ■
He had, however, so completely identi
fied himself with the romantic part of
"Davy Crockett" that the people "refused
to accept him in any other. He made a
large fortune with the play. He attempted
Shakespearean revivals on a splendid and
extensive scale, himself assuming the
leading roles. They failed. He had a
play written for him under his own direc
tion, a romantic play that tie and many of
his friends thought was exactly fitted to
him ; but it proved a failure.
Then he secured the play in which he
recently appeared in this city, "Puddin'
Head Wilson," a dramatization from
Mark Twain. This became an Instant
success, and was so continuing, and Mayo,
it was predicted, would soon recover the
fortune he had lost in bis expensive at
tempts at the legitimate.
Frank Mayo was born in Boston sixty
four years ago. Be came to San Fran
cisco as a boy and in the early sixties
entered upon the duties of "super" at the
Jenny Lind Theater in the old City Hall
building which has just been torn down.
Within eighteen months after that he was
playing as leading man at the same place.
He played d'Artagnan in the '-Three
Guardsmen" with Charley Thome. Soon
after this he went East, playing Tom
Badger in the "Streets of New York."
He returned to this City in 1863, playing
a long and successful engagement. His
first appearance in the metropolis was in
1869, when he was engaged to play Ferdi
nand in "The Tempest."
It was shortly after this that "Davy
Crockett," written for him, was first pre
sented. This idyl of the Western pioneer
made an instant hit and "Davy Crockett"
and Frank Mayo became one and the
came in the public mind and so continued
for many years.
Mr. Mayo was married in this City.
His wife residing in Philadelphia sur
vives him. Two children also are living,
a daughter, Ellen, .he wife of a wealthy
merchant of Philadelphia, and Edwin, a
youns actor, now playing in "The Heart
of Maryland."
A Call reporter conveyed the intelli
gence of Mr. Mayo's death to Nat Good
win yesterday afternoon at his rooms in
the Palace. The actor was greatly
shocked. "I have, then, lost a dear
friend and the stage a great actor. Only
this minute I had in my nand a portrait-of
his daughter, whom Mayo was wrapped
up in. This is a great shock. The last
time I saw him we stood together at the
presentation of the loving cup to Joe Jef
ferson. He was a man. I considered him
the best all round actor on the stage."
JULES FRANCOIS SIMON.
Death of the Celebrated French
Statesman After an Illness
of a Fortnight.
Accepted Cousin's Advice to Change
His Name B fore He Became
Famous.
PARIS, France, June B.— M. Jules
Francois Simon, the celebrated statesman,
life member of the French Serrate, mem
ber of the French Academy and formerly
Prime Minister of France, died to-day. M.
Simon has been ill for a fortnight with
neurosis of the stomach.
Jules Francois Suisse was born at
Lorient (Morbihan) on December 31, 1814.
He renounced his patronymicjin 1839 at
M. Jules Francois Simons, the Great French Statesman Who Died at Paris
Yesterday.
LAKE CITY IS LAID IN RUINS
the instance of Victor Cousin, who said
to him : "Leave off that frightful Suisse.
A man can't become famous with a name
like that." After studying at small
leges in his native town and at Vannes he
became assistant teacher at the Normal
School at Rennes.
M. Cousin, whose disciple he was, called
him to Paris and got him a place in the
Normal School there. After being sup
plemental teacher in philosophy he gave
the principal lectures. He succeeded
Cousin in the chair of philosophy at the
Sorbonne about the time he gave up the
name of Suisse. For twelve years he had
been one of the chief instructors of France.
He was made a Knight of the Legion of
Honor in 1845. The next year he pre
sented himself as a candidate for the con
stitutional Left in the Assembly at Lan
nien, but was defeated. He was elected
from the Cotes dv Nord after the
revolution of 1848 and classed him
self with the moderate Left in the As
sembly. After the coup d'etat his
lectures at the Sorbonne were suspended,
as he refused to take the oath of allegiance
to the empire. He was returned to the
Corps Legislatif in 1863 and continued a
member until the fall of the empire. He
ranked high as an orator and was the chief
of the Republican party. He made him
seif prominent as an advocate of free trade.
He had the post of Minister of Public In
struction, Fine Arts and Public Worship
in the government of the National Defense.
Having failed of election in Paris he got
himself elected to the National Assembly
in 1871 from the department of the Marne.
He classed himself among the members
of the Left and received from Thiers, on
February 19, 1871, the portfolio of Public
Instruction in the Cabinet of the Concilia
tion. He retained it until May, 1873, when
he resumed his seat in the Assembly, be
coming the chief of the Left. He was
elected a Senator for life on December 16,
1875. He became Premier of the new
Ministry, which was formed in December,
1877, holding, with the presidency of the
Council, the portfolio of the Interior. He
wao forced out of the Cabinet by Marshal
MacMahon in May, 1877.
M. Simon was elected a member of the
French academy in 1875 and the academy
in 1880 elected him to the new supreme
educational council. He was elected per
manent secretary of the Academy of Moral
and Physical Science in 1882. His last ap
pearance in political life was when he ad
vocated frte trade to no purpose in No
vember, 1891.
The list of M. Simon's works is a long
one. Most of them are on politico-eco
nomical and historical subjects. He con
tributed largely to the reviews.
CARRIED OFF BY BRIGANDS.
Wealthy Women Seized Near Constant!-
nople, and Are Held for a
Big kansom.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turret, June B.—
A startling case of brigandage occurred
yesterday almost within tne precincts of
the capital of Turkey. Two carriages, one
containing Mme. Branzau, a wealthy
French lady, and the other bearing Mme.
Paragamian and daughter, the wife and
child of a rich Armenian residing in this
city, were attacked by brigands at Yalove,
twenty miles from the city, and the occu
pants of the vehicles were carried off. To
day their captors caused to be conveyed
to Constantinople the information that
the ladies will be held until the demand
of the brigands for £2000 ransom is com
plied with.
EGYPTIANS FOUGHT GAMELY.
Eight Hundred Verviahes Killed in the
Battle at JFirket.
CAIRO, Egypt, June B.— Advices re
ceived from A&asheh, the advanced post
occupied by the Egyptian troops in the
Soudan, this morning sayinjr the battle
which took place between the Egyptians
and Dervishes at and around Firket, 800
Dervishes were killed and 450 taken prison
ers. The number of wounded Dervishes
is not reported. The number of Egyptian
troops engaged in the battle was 4000,
while the Dervishes are estimated to have
numbered 4500.
The gallantry displayed by the Egyp
tians is highly praised.
The »tr Nhah Enthroned.
TEHERAN, Persia, June B.—Muzaffer
er-Din, the new Shah of Persia, was for
mally enthroned to-day at 12:30 p. m. His
Majesty will receive the members' of the
diplomatic corps in audience at 4 o'clock
to-morrow afternoon.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Disaster Comes From the
Skies Upon the Modoc
.Village.
BUILDINGS WRECKED BY
A WATERSPOUT.
Few Structures Escape the Fury
of an Awful, Whirling
Torrent.
MANY MADE HOMELESS BY
THE FLOOD.
Great Loss of Property in the Little
Hamlet — Aituras Is In
undated.
REDDING, Cal., June B.— The once
beautiful little village of Lake City, nest
ling in the foothills at the head of Surprise
Valley, in Modoc County, is a scene of de
vastation, ruin and disaster. What was
once a brisk and lively burg of 200 inhabi
tants, with neat and cozy dwellings and
substantial business nouses, is now but a
vista of tangled wreckage, nearly every
building in the town being wholly or
partially demolished.
The inhabitants of Lake City were
aroused from the"ir early morning slum
bers last Friday by the roar and rußh oi
angry waters, and before many of them
had time to look to their own safety, with
out attempting to save their effects from
residences, stores or business places, a
flood of water came pouring down upon
them from lowering clouds that had been
threatening destruction all night, and
when the torrent had passed buildings lay
in ruins on all sides. Lake City had been
struck by a waterspout — a veritable water
cyclone.
The whirling mass of water struck the
center of the town with terrific force. The
frightened residents, warned by the on
coming roar, hurried to and fro in frantic
efforts to save themselves from what for a
time seemed certain death. Small trees,
stumps and timbers were carried down
and through the streets with awful force,
and the most substantial structures were
weakened and tottered before the rush of
the water.
Dry's flouring-mill, a well-built building,
was completely ruined, the damage being
estimated at $6000. W. T. Cressler, who
owned a store, storehouse and residence
on the bank of a small ravine that runs
through the town, lost everything and
barely escaped with his life. Twenty tons
of sacked flour was carried off as a bundle
of 1 eaves would travel on the water.
Mrs. Hamlin, a widow living opposite
Dry's mill, was sick in bed at the time of
the storm and her escape was miraculous.
She vainly attempted to rise and breast
the Hood, but failed. A man swam to the
rescue, and she was carried in safety to
dry land. Two minutes later the waters
carried away her cottage.
The whole town was undermined by the
flood, and the damage is estimated at over
$30,000, a heavy loss considering the size
of the place.
At Alturas, the county seat of Modoo
County and about twenty miles from Lake
City, a waterspout struck later in the day.
In a few moments all the streets were con
verted into great waterways, and people
fled to the second stories and roofs of their
houses for safety. Boats were brought into
use and the only travel for hours was ac
complished by the aid of small craft. The
roads between Alturasand-Cedarville were
washed out and traveling was almost en
tirely stopped.
Out of four substantial bridges across
Thorns Creek only one remains, and that
near the head of the creek. Across Cedar
Creek two bridges are washed out, leaving
but one standing, just above Cedar ville.
Never before has such a disaster visited
Modoc County, and the wonder is that no
lives have been lost.
The waterspout started near the north
fork of Pitt River and traveled in a north
easterly direction for about tbirty-five
miles before it spent its force. Everything
in its path was ruined. From down the
mountain-sides huge trees, bowlders and
rocks were carried, and at one point
along the creek, near Cedarville, a
small farm, which before the storm
was bearing a fine crop of oats, was made
the dumping place for an endless number
of trees and stumps. But meager reports
have been received, and when full details
come in they may carry accounts of losa
of life and stock.
Added to the calamity of the storm, an
epidemic of typhoid pneumonia is spread
ing in the valley. Several deaths from
the plague have already occurred.
Pitt River, even as far down as Fall City,
in Shasta County, was higher than ever
known before. People have been com
pelled to provide temporary lodgings, and
tents have been brought into use to ac
commodate those who have been rendered
homeless by the flood.
DEATH OF MILLIONAIRE YOUNG
Was Voted as a Progressive Lumberman
and PhtlanthropiaU
CLINTON, lowa, June B.— W. J. Young,
the millionaire lumberman and philan
thropist, died to-day.' He was born in
Belfast, Ireland, in 1827, came here in 1858
and engaged -in the ; lumber business.
He built his first mill here in 1860, 1 and
when his mills closed and he retired three
years ago be had the largest plant of the
kind in the world. . He is : accredited with
introducing new rafts and being among the
first to tow logs with steamboats. He has
been the poor man's friend always and
will be sadly missed. He has liberally
aided the churches, especially the Metho
dists', and built and presented to that
society the Esther . Young . Memorial
Chapel.' He .was reported worth from six
to ten million. _.-. :,*■ ,:.-..
Approved by Cleveland.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June B.— Th»
President to-day approved the modified
general deficiency bill.2
MORGAN ASSAILS
FAIR CUBA'S FOES
General Weyler Denounced
as a Most Brutal
Soldier.
NOT ADVERSE TO WAR.
It Would Be Well for Uncle Sam
to Check the Crfnrse of
Island Cruelties.
AS TO THE QUEEN REGENT
The Alabama Senator Says She Should
Witness the Barbarities and
Stop Them.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June B.— The
Senate passed the general deficiency bill
in less than three-quarters of an hour.
Ordinarily a bill of 130 printed pages
would have taxed the powers o' the read
ing clerk for at least two hours, but the
reading of this bill was completed In half
an hour. An attempt was made by Harris
of Tennessee to have the claims under the
Bowman act, aggregating about half a
million dollars, placed in the bill, but they
were ruled out on points of order and the
bill was promptly passed. A final con
ference report was made on the postoffice
appropriation bill and was agreed to.
Partial conference reports on the Indian
bill and the District of Columbia appro
priation bill were agreed to and further
conference ordered.
The immigration bill was taken tip, and
Morgan of Alabama made another long
Bpeech upon tbe question of tbe war in
Cuba, in the course of which he disclaimed
heretofore having said anything offensive
to the Queen Regent of Spain. He eulo
gized her as a woman of very high char
acter and of almost unexampled virtue,
and entitled by virtue of the regency of
womanhood to the utmost respect, and
every Senator so treated her and so spoke
of her. He spoke of General Weyler,
however, as a brutal soldier who plunged
his blood-stained sword in the bosoms of
women and children.
Morgan went into the Cuban question at
great length, giving statements of occur
rences in the present and in the preceding
ten years' war, and asserting that the
Cubans had been selected by the Spanish
Government for ruinous, oppressive and
unbearable taxation. He confessed that
he was not adverse to a war with Spain if
she continued in her course of abominable
despotism. It was a misfortune, that the
people of the United Stales should be
drawn into it by reason of their ancestry
and traditions. He did not deny his
sympathies with Cuba, but as an Ameri
can citizen and an American Senator he
had confined his action in the matter en
tirely to the constitutional duties of the
Government of the United States to its
own people.
Alluding to a newspaper statement that
be had on the floor of the Senate made
hard and unpleasant remarks as to the
Queen Regent of Spain, Morgan said that
he had on that occasion referred to the
Queen Regent merely in connection with
her speeches from the throne, where she
claimed that the United States was in con
troversy with Congress and in controversy
with the peoplo as to their sentiments
about Cuba. If the Queen of Great Brit
ian, the Queen Regent of Spain, the Queen
of Greece and the Empress of Germany
were to meet in the island of Cuba and
were to witness some of the thinzs done
there in the name of Spain, upon innocent
women and children, who were shot to
death by a brutal soldiery, those great and
noble women would rise in their majesty
and would strike to death the power which
enabled a brute like Weyler inflict such
wrongs.
"Would to God," Morgan exclaimed,
'that the Queen of Spain were there to see
these things. The delicacy of her nature
would not permit the infliction of such
brutalities upon women and children.
But are we to stand by, according to the
President's theory, idle and mute, and
witness the continued repetition of these
brutal acts on that island? I wish those
noble women were there to see them. They
would lay their hands on the arm of the
brutal soldier who now wields the brutal
sword of Spain there, and would tell him
in the name of God and humanity and
Christianity to forbeat his inhuman
deeds."
On motion of Perkins (R.) of California
the Senate bill appropriating $350,000 for a
public building at Oakland, Cal., was
taken irom the calendar and passed, and
tbe Senate adjourned.
RUIN WROUGHT BY FLOODS.
One of the Prettiest and Richest Valleys
in Nebraska a Scene of Destruc
tion and Desolation.
ST. PAUL, Minn., June B.— The full ex
tent of tue damage done by Friday night's
storm is just beginning to be realized.
Every bridge on the North Loud from
Scotia to Fullerton, with the single excep
tion of tbe Burlington and Missouri River
Railway bridge, is washed out.
Scores of low-lying farms are flooded,
thousands of dollars' worth 'of livestock,
farming implements, etc., have been swept
away and one of the prettiest and richest
valleys in Nebraska is now a scene of de
struction and desolation. Several irriga
tion plants which were put in last year
and the year before were completely wiped
out.
The course of the river is changed in
several places, and much good land was
carried away by the terrible volume of
water. Very little grain, except that in
the actual path of the flood, was damaged.
OMAHA, Nebe., June B.— The storm
which visited the Loup Valley Saturday
was the worst that has ever swept that
section. Tbe railroads have suffered the
most, and traffic will not be resumed for
several days, owing to the washout of
bridges and culverts. Much of the country
is inundated.
Officials of the Union Pacific say it will
be impossible to move trains before Fri
day. The greatest damage done to the
Burlington was between Greeley Center
and Burwell and between Farwell and
Loup City. General Superintendent Dig
nell and other officers are now on the
ground with a large force of men and pile
drivers and are rushing the work of re
pairs through as rapidly aa possible. The
entire line will be in working order by
Thursday night.
A brief telegram received by General
Manager Holdredge says that Wotbacn
was completely inundated, the water
standing to a depth of ten feet over tbe
entire town. The depot was also com
pletely destroyed and six boxcars stand
ing on the side track were washed several
miles away. It is learned that twenty-two
bridges on the Ellchorn road between
Chadron and Deadwood were washed out.
GALLANT SOLDIER AND AUTHOR.
Death of Captain John G. Bourke, the Noted
Indian Fighter, Scientist and
Writer.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June B.—Cap
tain John G. Bourke, Third Cavalry, U. S.
A., died here this morning. Captain
Bourke was stationed at Fort Ethan Alien,
Vt. His wife was with him when he died,
but the daughters were at their home in
Burlington, Vt. The remains will be in
terred in the National cemetery at Arline
ton. Captain Bourke was as well known
for his writings as his fighting of Indians,
his talent being in the direction of their
anthropology and folk-lore. He was a
stanch friend of the red men of America
in time of peace. He was a member of
ECientiric societies in France, England and
the United States. One of his most valu
able works, on the medicine men of the
Apnches, was published by the Smithson
ian Institution. His most popular books are
the "Snake Dance of the Moauis," which
he was the first white man to describe in a
book from being an eye-witness; an
■'Apache Campaien," and "On tbe Border
With Crook," all of which have had Eng
lish editions. At the last meeting of the
American Folk-Lore Society Captain
Bourke was elected president. He enlisted
a3 a private in the Fifteenth Pennsylvania
Cavalry during the war and fought in the
A> - my of the Cumberland. He was awarded
a medal of honor for gallantry at Stone
River, and when the war closed the Presi
dent appointed him a cadet-at-large to
West Point.
JOLLY GERMANS RALLY
The Opening of the National
Saengerfest at the City of
Pittsburg.
President Cleveland Signifies His Good
Will With a Great F.ood
of Light.
PITTSBURG, Pa., June B.— The Iron
City has capitulated to the Germans. All
day the members of the Saengerbund came
in from every direction, and to-night when
the reception concert inaugurating the Na
tional Saengerfest was opened 800 jolly
people were in the Saengerfest Hall. All
the members were gay with badges, and
several of the societies added to the jollity
by carrying immense white umbrellas.
This evening every society expected had
delegations in the city. A heavy rain
storm in the evening played havoc with
the gorgeous street decorations, but it did
not deter about 8000 people from attending
the concert given by the local society.
At 8:15 o'clock, President Dimling ap
peared upon the darkened stage and read
a brief telegram of friendly greeting from
President Cleveland. As Mr. Dimling
ceased speaking the electric wire connect
ing the Saengerfest Hall with the Execu
tive Mansion in Washington was closed
by President Cleveland pushing a button
and in an instant the spacious hall was
flooded with light. Long and loud ap
plause greeted both the messaga from the
President and the beautiful effect of the il
lumination, the most attractive feature of
which was the mammoth lyre, constructed
of hundreds of vari-colored electric globes.
When quiet had been restored the or
chestra of seventy-seven pieces, under the
direction of Heinrich Zoel!:ner, rendered
"The Kaiser March," which was fully ap
preciated by the vast audience.
Fest President Dimling delivered an ad
dress in acception of the Saengerfest flag
and introduced Lieutenant-General Wal
ter Lyon, who heartily welcomed the
singers. The Mayors of Alleghany and
Pitt3burg followed in brief addresses of
welcome to the twin cities. After the
rendition of "Freedom" and "Father
land" Rev. F. Ruoff delivered the festival
oration and Governor McCorkle of West
Virginia made a few congratulatory re
marks. Then followed "The Deluge,"
''Old Folks at Home" and the famous aria,
"1 Have Lost My Eurydice," sang by
Grace Damian.
At 11 o'clock to-night a "Student Com
mers" was given in the old Cuy Hall in
honor of the representatives of the press.
AH OUTLAW EXECUTED.
Had Killed Several Men P.rfore Ha Paid
the Penalty.
BUTTE, Moxt.. June B.— Bill Gay, a
noted outlaw, was hanged at Helena at 11
o'clock to-day for the murder of James
Mack, a deputy sheriff, in May, 1893,
while being trailed by a sheriff's posse.
Deputy Sheriff Rader was killed at the
same time by Gay's brother-in-law, a man
named Goss, who escaped. Gay was
captured about a year ago in Southern
California. Never in the history of Mon
tana have more efforts been made to save
a criminal's neck than in this case. When
the Supreme Court refus d to grant him a
new trial the case was taken to the United
States Supreme Court, and the Justices
were appealed to one at a time. When
hope was abandoned in that direction at
tention was turned to Governor Kicards,
and he was flooded with petitions for a
commutation of sentence, but he refused
to interfere and Gay was hanged. He
broke down at the last moment and hud
to be carried to the scoff old. Gay had
been an outlaw and had killed several
men.
Mother and Babe Drowned.
CHICAGO, 111., June B.— Crazed by do
mestic troubles, Mrs. Barbara Koch, a
comely young German woman, waded into
the river near the California-avenue bridge
to-night with her two-month-oid baby in
her arms and plunged into the deep water
of the channel. Mother and child were
both drowned. Her son Charles, aged
nine, escaped death by tearing himself
away from the grasp of his frenzied
mothe-. Mrs. Koch quarreled with her
husband early this morning ovei the boy
Charles.
Strike of Linotype Operators.
BT. PAUL, Minn, June B.— At 6 o'clock
to-night every linotype operator of the
Globe, Pioneer Press, Dispatch, Tribune,
Journal and Times went on a strike.
With them went the advertising composi
tors, the proof-readers and their helpers —
140 men in all. The newspapers have
manned their typesetting machines with
typewriters and reporters and have ar
ranged a temporary newspaper. The pro
prietors ask that the price scale— Yl% cents
for nonpariel and 14 cents for minion — be
abolished and that all men work for $23 a
week. The printers asked for $24 and a
week of 48 hours.
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
ONE SESSION TO
THE CONCLUSION
The House Will Not Ad
journ Until Finally on
Saturday.
WINDING UP BUSINESS.
Passage of Several Measures of
Much Importance to the
Nation.
ABSENT MEMBERS ARE SOUGHT
All Leaves of Absence Revoked and
Orders Given for a Fu'l
Attendance.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 8.-The
House sat eight hours to-day in continua
tion'of Saturday's session, by this parlia
mentary fiction continuing in effect the
resolution of last week, making in order
motions to pass bills under Saturday's sus
pension of the rules. Operating under
this resolution the following measures
were passed:
House bill directing the construction of
a Federal prison at Leavenworth, Kan., to
cost not exceeding $150,000.
House bill making further appropria
tiona to pay deficiencies of the current fis
cal year.
Senate resolution directing tbe Secretary
of the Treasury to order a scientific inves
tigation of the Alaskan fur-seal fisheries.
Senate bill re-enacting and amending
the law of 1889 for the protection of the
salmon fisheries of Alaska.
House bill amending the law relating to
the employment of sailors, abolishing im
prisonment for infraction of contract and
the system of allotments of seamen's
wages and providing the quality and value
of rations provided for them.
House resolution clothing the pur
chasers of the Northern Pacific Railroad
at foreclosure sale next month with the
rights and privileges of the original cor
poration and imposing the same obliga
tions.
House bill establishing: a new division of
the eastern judicial district of Texas, and
providing semi-annual terms of court at
Beaumont.
Senate amendments were agreed to to
Commander Cronje, the Boer Of ficer Who Defeated the British Forces at Polchev.
stroom and ramous Amajuba Hill, and Who Recently Compelled Dr.
Jameson and Ilis Troops to Surrender at Doornkop Last January. John
Uays Hammond Says Cronje Is the Only Man the English Fear in the Field.
the House bill to expedite the transporta
tion of import packages valued at not ex
ceedinp $500 and not more than 100 pounds
in weight.
Conference reports were presented and
agreed to on the following bills: Post
office, Indian and District of Columbia
appropriations.
In order to maintain the presence of a
quorum the House adopted resolutions
offered by Dingley (R.) of Maine revoking
all leaves of absence excepting those
granted on account of illness, and direct
ing the sergeant-at-arms to telegraph
other absent members that their presence
here is necessary to the transaction of
public business. In this connection the
I House heard with applause the message
announcing that the Senate had passed
without amendment the general deficiency
bill, which the House patsed Saturday
afternoon.
Twice Daniel (R.) of New York endeav
ored to bring up for consideration the re
port of Klection Committee No. 1 on the
contested case of Aldrich vs. Underwood,
from the Ninth District of Alabama. The
first time the House refused to enter upon
its consideration ; the vote on the second
motion had been announced, when at 6
o'clock a further recess will be taken until
to-morrow. It will be in order then.
There will be, it is understood, no adjourn
ment of the House until it finally adjourns
for the session.
Loud (R.) ol California submitted the
final report of the conferees on the post
office bill and it was agreed to.
In connection with tbe presentation of
the report Loud took occasion to p"resent
some figures going to show that the
operation of the "sample copy pound
rate" law passed in 1883 was responsible
for the increasing deficiencies in postal
revenues. These had increased, he said,
from $3,1fi0,000 in 1833-84 to $10,196,000 in
1894-95. He exhibited samples of what he
characterized as the "stuff" which under
that law was transmitted through the
mails and the exhibit seemed to greatly
interest the members.
Johmon (R.) of California, rising to a
question of personal privilege, denounced
as "malicious, false and slanderous" a
statement published in the San Fran
cisco Examiner regardine his action upon
what is known as the mineral land bill,
the passage of which was desired by the
miners of California.
CHICAGO'S WILD WHEAT MARKET.
Up Jumps the Price and the Bulls Quickly
Unload Millions of
Bushels.
CHICAGO, 111., June B.— There wnsone
of the wildest wheat markets of the year
on the Board of Trade today. July wheat
opened with a rush at from 62% to 62^
cents, and in a brief time was crowded
down to 61£ cents. Bull efforts were soon
redoubled, however, and an exciting boom
sent the cereal to 63^ cents, or a rise of 2
cents above the lowest price previously
recorded. There was a total advance of 7
cents last week. Immediately upon the
news Being posted of the small decrease in
the visible supply for the week, compared
with tSe same week last year, the boom
collapsed and prices fell like a rocßet- ;
stick to 60"s cents, a break of '2% cents in j
fifteen minutes' trudins-. John Cudahy
became a towering figure in the turmoil
of the pit. He was credited with taking
1,000,000 bushels, and when the top notch
of the excitement was reached he sold so
heavily and in such an open manner that
nothing could stop the break. Millions of
oushels were unloaded by the bull clique
during the panic.
KRUGER WILL TRIUMPH
Great Britain Must Make Con
cessions to Appease the
Boers.
Commandant Cronje, tha Only Man
the English Feared in the
Field.
JOHANNESBURG, South Africa, June
8. — President Kruger and his Government
have not decided that $7,500,000 is in
demnity enough for the Jameson raid. It
will be more than a monetary considera
tion that is to be asKed — more than likely
the British Government will give the re
public an ocean harbor, which Cecil J.
Rhodes' trickery prevented them from get-
ting about eighteen months ago. Un
doubtedly this would somewhat appease
the Boer anger toward the British and
will at the same time place Paul Kruger
on a level with the foremost diplomats of
Europe. "Up to the present time not one
man in Europe has been able to outwit
Oom Paul.
Next to President Kruger the most pop
ular man in South Africa is Commandant
Cronje, who has recently gained fame
among newspaper readers the world over
from a statement made by John Hays
Hammond. In his testimony at the trial
of the "reformers" Mr. Hammond said
that Mr. Cronje is the only man the Eng
lish feared in the field.
The cry that fortications would be
erected on the hills overlooking Johannes
burg is without foundation. At one time
the Government had the matter under
consideration, but it being represented to
them that there was more danger than
safety in the forts were they to be cap
tured by an army from the city the idea
was . abandoned. At Pretoria two forts
will be constructed and admittance to them
will be harder to obtain than paying mine
share?.
The well-known Barney Burnato was a
witness against the Reformers, but his evi
dence did not amount to anything. He
was aware, however, that a reform move
ment was in ■ the air, and to save himself
from loss floated his mines— good, bad and
indifferent— on the British and European
investors, who have the shares and Barney j
has their money and titles to most of the
good mines back again in his safe, besides
hoidir.e large blocks of stock in thftothers.
Trie head of the assizing department
states in his report to the Government
that there is no place in the world where
the adulteration of liquor is practiced to
such an extent as in Johannesburg.
Produce and forage have reuched ruin
ous prices in Johannesburg. The locusts
have destroyed everything green, and ti is
country will have to depend on Australia
for hay and other produce.
For a long time people here have b»en
at a loss to understand why the London
Times was always able to get tbe doings
of the Reformers during the troublous
times hours before we did. Now the cat
is out of the bag, in the fact that Lionel
Phillips' brother was and is tbe Times'
correspondent in this city.
A movement is on foot among the mer
chants of Cape Town to hold an inter
national exhibition. The Government of
Cape Colony is being interested in the
matter.
The rinderpest is spreading with fear
ful rapidity. In many districts there is
not a hoof alive. When the plague breaks
out among cattle in a district nothing re
mains but to slaughter every head before
they are all stricken down and thus save
something out of the loss by turning the
carcasses into salable meat. Hundreds of
farmers have been utterly ruined between
drought, locusts and this rinderpest, so
South Africa is not a farmer's paradise,
even though it may be considered the land
ot gold.
The Orange Free State Parliament has
refused to consider a motion for the re
peal of tbe resolution pledging the Free
State to assist the Transvaal in case of
need. England will have heavy work on
her hand in her next attempt at revo
lution.
In the Transvaal. Orange Free State and
Natal the Boers refuss to sell iiorses, giv
ing as a reason that t.ey may be required
at any moment to strike for their inde
pendence.
The reason the Matabeles kept outside
the range at Buluwayo was from the fact
that a train of dynamite had been laid
around the town. The train was to be
fired by electricity, and the Matabeles
learned tnis from their spies. The natives
can't understand electricity or dynamite,
and therefore are fearful of both.
At least 16,000 Matabele are engaged in
the present war against the Charter Com
pany's forces. Over 160 Europeans are
known to have been killed.
The annual report of '.he registrar of
deeds shows that three-fourths of the total
farms iv the Transvaal are owned by the
original burghers and the Government,
and the remaining fourth by uitlanders.
There.are 11,045 surveyed and inspected,
complete farms in the couutry; of these
5575 belong to the original burghers, 664 to
foreigners or non-residents, and 525 to
uitlanders resident in the republic, some
of whom are naturalized burghers; 758 are
owned by local companies; 10S7 are held,
and have been floated by foreign com
panies, wnose head otiices are in England,
France or Germany, and 3636 belong to
Government. The farms belonging to
original burghers are estimated to have
cost over $17,000,000. The farms owned by
uitlanders cost over $4,000,000; non-resi
dents paid over $l,800,00J; local companies
over $5,900,000, and foreign companies over
$18,000,000. Farms purchased by Govern
ment for public purposes and native loca
tions cost over $600,000. The value of the
farms amount to over $48,000,000.
RACING IN THE EAST.
Winners of Events at St. Loui*, lorsyth,
Oakley and Gravesend.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., June B.— The first race
alone was taken by the public choice to
day. The second, fourth and sixth went
to well-played second picks and the tnird
and fifth to outsiders.
Five furlongs, Dawn won, Horseshoe Tobacco
second, Satatillo third. Time, 1 :06J4'.
Six furlongs, Harry Duke wor., Dave Pulsifer
second, Joe O'Sot third. Time, 1:181 a.
Seven furlongs, Scniiler won. Captive sec
ond, Metair third. Time, 1 :333 a".
One mile, Sunburst won, Damocles second.
Battledore third. Time, 1 :-i7J^.
Five funongs, Lady Britiiinnic won, Moralist
second. Royal Lancer third. Time, 1:07)^.
Seven and a half furlongs, Muskalonge won,
Sligo second, Jane third. Time, 1:41.
CHICAGO, June B.— The talent was all
at sea at Forsyth to-day; the neavy condi
tion of the track militat d aeainst its
picking the right one. Five races went to
outeiders, the only favorite to win being
Freddie L. T.
Five furlongs— J. H. Graf ton won. Corcorella
second, Melody third. Time, 1:04%.
Four and a half furlongs— Vanessa won, Tom
Anderson second, Easter Eve third. Time,
■.57}£.
One mile— Freddie L. T. won. Otho second,
Del Coronado third. Time, 1:48%.
Six furlongs— Ferryman II won, Mobalnska
second, Rubberneck (by Himyar) third. Time,
1 '18
One mile— Doctor G. won, Kirk second,
Mamie G. third. Time, 1:45 S 4-
Six and a half furlongs— Ashland won, Hazel
Hatch second, Revenue third. Time, l:2s>a.
OAKLEY RACETRACK, Ohio, June
— Only one favorite won to-day.
Five furlongs, Adowa won, Scarfpin second,
Dulcina third. Time, 1 :04; K.
Seven furlongs, Chatterbox won, Daisy
Bolnnder second, Hardenburg third, Time,
1 :3O%. s
Five furlongs, Banqno II won. Viscount sec
ond, Cavalero third. Time, 1 :04^.
One mile, handicap, Caesarian won, Urania
second, Iselin third. Time, 1:43.
One and and a sixteenth miles, Aimee Good
win won, Ondague second, Say On third.
Time, 1:53%.
Seven furlongs, Stowaway won. Helen Mar
second, Old Center third. Time, 1:30.
GRAVESEND RACETRACK, N. V.,
June 8. — The principal events to-day were
the May and Amazon stakes. Refugee,
an odds-on favorite, captured the former
event from Emotional, with Forum third,
and the race for the Amazon stakes was
won by Golden Dream, another favorite.
Six furlongs, Agitator won, Glenmoyne sec
ond, Tinge third Time, 1:14.
One and a sixteenth miles, Chugnut won,
Lehmnn second, Sue Kittio third. Time,
1:48%,
The May stakes, six furlongs, Refugee won,
Emotional second, Forum third. Time, 1 :16.
The Amazon stakes, half a mile, Golden
Dream won, Loyaletta second, Lady Louise
third. Time, :49'4.
Five furlongs, Euphemia L won, Staclcelburg
secend, Gee Gee third. Time, 1 :04.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Wathingtont Defeat Chicngo* by a Score
of Twelve to One,
WASHINGTON, D. C, June B.— Mercer was
hit in the leg by a batted ball in the first in
ning, and King took his place in the second.
Only four hits were made off King's delivery
during the eight innings he officiated. Score:
Washington*— l 2, 15, 1; Chicagos— l, 6, 3.
Batteries— King and McCiutre, McFarland and
Donohue. Umpires— Weidmann and Keefe.
BOSTON, Mass., June B.— St. Louis- Boston
game postponed: rain.
BALTIMORE, Md., June B.—Baltimore-Louis
ville game postponed; rain.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., June B.— Cleveland
defeated Philadelphia to-day in a ten-inning
game. The errors of the home club were
costly. The game was stopped in the
tenth inning by rain, but was re-umetl after a
delay of five minutes. Score: Philmlelphias—
7. 16, 7; Cleveland— B, 12, O. Batteries-
Taylor and Grady, Young and Ziminer. Um
pire— Hurft.
BROOKLYN, N. V., June B.— The visitors
bunched their hits in the third and fourth
innings after chances had been offered to
retire the side. Killen was a puzzle to the
Brooklyns. Attendance 2000. Score: Brook
lyns—O. 4, 5 : Pittsburgs— 9, l2, 0. Batteries-
Kennedy and Burrell, Killen and Sugden.
Umpire— Emslie.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— The Cincinnatis
outplayed the New Yorks at every point to
day. They put up an errorless fielding game.
The home team showed a surprising weakness
at the bat. Score: New Yorks— 3,7, 4; Cin
cinnatis—6, 7, O. Batteries— Clarke and Far
rell, Ehret and Vaughn. Umpire— Henderson.
National Circuit Racs.
LAREDO, Tex., June B.— The National
circuit races, held here under the auspices
of the Laredo Bicycle Racing Association,
were a complete success. The severe heat
interfered with the pace.
One mile scr&tctv professional, Arthur Far
diner won, W. A. Terrell second, C. R. Coulter
third. Time, 2:11 2-5.
Quarter of a mile, scratch, amateur, M. J
Morris, Fort Worth, won. Time, :33 3-5.
Otto Ziegler, trial for record, unpaced, flying
start, quarter of a mile, :28 2-5.
One mile, handicap, professional, O. L.
Stcvena, Waco, won. lime, 2:19 4-5.
MOBS THREATEN
THE ANARCHISTS
Great Excitement Follows
the Barcelona Bomb
Explosion.
MARTIAL LAW PREVAILS
Prisoners Arrested on Suspicion
of Being Implicated Are
in Danger.
VENGEANCE IS NOW DEMANDEI
Nearly All of the Eleven Who Met
Death Were Women and
Children.
BARCELONA, Spain, June B.— The ex
citement caused by the explosion of the
bomb by which eleven people were killed
yesterday shows no signs of diminution.
The people vieorously demand that no
effort be spared by the authorities to pun
ish, the authors of the outrage and to guard
against a repetition of the dastardly act.
When it became generally known that the
killed numbered eleven instead of six, as
was stated in the first reports, the indig
nation of the populace was very violent.
In fact so threatening was the outlook that
the authorities, as a measure of precau
tion, proclaimed martial law, and the city
is now under military government.
Twofmore arrests of suspects were made
to-day, maKing a total of thirty-two men
who have been taken imo custody on sus
picion of having been concerned in the
perpetration of the outrage. The prison
ers are confined in the prefecture.
To-day an angry mob gathered around
that building and demanded the summary
punishment of every one of the prison
ers, whether his guilt be proved or not.
Occasionally it looked as though the mob
would storm the prefecture in order to
wreak vengeance on the suspects. Tbe
civil guards on duty at that place were
speedily re-enforced and were frequently
compelled to charge upon the crowd to
make them keep their distance. The mob
would scamper away temporarily, but
woula soon gather again threatening to
lynch the prisoners.
Barcelona is not alone in its attempt to
repress with a firm hand the recrudesence
of anarchy. The Royal Government and
the municipal authorities are taking
measures to prevent the commission of
outrages in the capital. One of the lead
ing anarchists of the city was arrested to
day. It is thought that he was in some
way concerned with the outrage. The
Cortes and the Government have promised
to assist trie relatives of those who were
killed or wounded here, and this* action
meets with hearty approval.
Speculation is rife as to the causes which
led to the sudden outbreak of the an
archists. Some persons attribute it to the
animosity of th« anarchists toward every
thing pertaining to religion, and believe
they took advantage of the Corpus Christi
processions to give vent to their hatred.
But there liave been many religious pro
cessions since anarchy was rampant in
Spain which were in no way interfered
with, and it is generally believed that
some motive deeper than hatred of re
ligion lies at the bottom of the last out
rages committed.
All the people killed belonged to the
working classes. A majority of them were
women and children, and this fact has
Good
Is essential to health, y^ f j
This is true from the 131000
very nature of the hu-
man body. The blood is the circulating
fluid which carries nourishment to all the
organs. The health of the body, the
strength of the nerves, depend upon the
quality of the blood with which the nerves
and other organs are supplied. Good
blood means strong nerves, good digestion,
robust health. The surest way to have
good blood is to taue Hood's Sarsaparilla.
This medicine possesses exactly those
qualities which enable the blood to carry
health' to every nerve, organ and tissue.
It creates a good appetite, gives refreshing
sleep and cures that tired feeling.
Hood's
Sarsaparilla
Is the best— in fact the One True Blood Purifier
Unnrl'o Pillo tDe best family cathartic
nUUUd 1111 5 and liver stimulant. 25c.
n NEW TO-DAY
BLACKWELL'S I , WfIMT
s*r>. i vvMNi Kudu Mi
Hi WBgRH
P%\ 'mrf ilr'Vii^ / \ ANU I »'* Will kit.
Yon vrlll find one coupon __X h ±™lff J/ J|||mK.^w
Inside each two ounce bag, J^rW^tjfw^^iJliJi \| — T
and two coupons Inside each fj 3^^lFffl/wilil I ('
four ounce bag of Black* , — -/^ /H^^^iiilllliM- J M \ ajjf I •—•
■well* Durham. Bar a bag - J? i J _^ -m^P^^ ffi^ 1 * J/ j^T**^ '
of this celebrated tobacco \§Jtjjja«|*» l^L jP^^Tanf KP^~T?
and read the coupon— aEfjjlff *WJ^ Vgar ■
give* a list of valuable pres- .|B IfllHTn rJ jTjti /"V'£'"J 'il
ents and now to get them. |'"fl P WfP IP 1 f "I- -j»
much to do with the bitterness displayed
toward the anarchists.
PARIS, France, June B.— The French
police recently warned the Spanish Gov
ernment that the auarehists were prepar
ing to commit an outrage, with tbe oon
-1 nivance of Cuban filibusters who resided
■ in Barcelona and who have absconded.
CREATED A SENSATION
Alexander ron Hohrnlohe Made Sharp
Remark* in the Ilrichxtag.
BERLIN, Germany, June B— A great
sensation was caused in tne Keichatag to
day durine the debate on the Govern
ment's trades bill. Alexander yon Ho
henlohe, son of the Chancellor, attacked
the clause forbidding commercial travel
ers to transact retail business. He de
nounced the state for meddling with peo
ple's private affairs, and said the tendency
to empower the police to restrict personal
liberty was the malady of the day in Ger
many.
The members of the Left, especially the
Socialists, greeted the speech with tu
multuous applause and cheers. It is sup
posed that Alexander yon Hohenlohe was
acting as the spokesman of his father, who
was absent, and seems to have failed to
enforce the will of the Cabinet.
HEW TO-DAY.
EAGLESON&CO.
Factory Prices!
OUTING SHIRTS,
NEGLIGEE SHIRTS,
i
FANCY SHIRTS,
WHITE SHIRTS,
SUMMER UNDERWEAR,
SWEATERS,
HOSIERY, ETC.
748 km 750 MARKET STREET, S. F.
242 5105TG0MERY STREET, S. F.
LOS ANGELES and SACRAMENTO
PHILADELPHIA SHOE Cl
I STAMPED ON A SHOB
MEANS STANDARD OP MERIT.
ShOO
DON'T THAT MCE HURT
Your trade ?— a question we are asked every
day. and our answer is: I'ernnpi It does, bat you
see we are offering such bargain*, and elvlns? such
Inducements to our customer* that thay are more
than pleased to walk around the obstruction, and
Inconsequence our business Is more than holding
its own. We recognize the fact, that we mast sell
cheap If we wish to do business and we are selling
Shoes and Oxfords cheaper than they were ever
offered before in this city. Tills week wo are »ell-
in? Ladies' Russet Oxfords, with Pointed Toes and
Tips and Hand-turned solos, for SI. OO. We have
them in C, D and X widths.
We have a solid wearing tt »1 /*"""N^"" N
line of Misses' Dongola JD I .LJLJ
Kid Button Shoes, with ~-
Patent leather Tips and I ~*2~~§
Spring Heels, which we US /
will sell lor 81. per I S 1
pair. They fit well, wear / •*) I
well, and are well worth V^V 4
much more than we are S*j m
asking for them. We >%>i^ ■
carry them D and X wide. _f—-*C-U'^~ ,-irf
erg" Country orders solicited.
jfcir Send for New Illustrated Catalogue
Address
B. KATCHINSKI,
PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.,
1O Third Street. San Frmnolaoo.
Wnen ordering please mention call.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
rtHAKLES H. PHILLIPS, ATTORNEY-AT-
\J law and Notary Public, 1533 Market st, oppo-
site Palace Hotel. Telephone 67a £«aldeao« ISM
i'ellifc Telephony "Plat" '4691.EXTERMINATING
NON-COMBATANTS
Stories of Great Cruelties
Committed by the
Spanish.
KILLED IN COLD BLOOD.
Innocent Men and Boys Taken
by Soldiers and Quickly
Put to Death.
NO CHECK TO THE BUTCHERIES
One General Who Usurps Weyler's
Powers ai;d Sanctions a Mock
Court-Martial.
HAVANA.Ccba, June 6 (via Tampa, Fla.,
June 8). — That the work of extermination
of non-combatants continues to a greater
or less extent is evidenced by tne reports
which are received from the country. Not
a day passes without some shocking story
being told of brutal assassinations com
mitted by the troops on defenseless peo
ple, whose sole crime is being witnesses of
the war raging ail over the island without
taking any part in it. Here are a few facts
selected from the many that are told:
On the 2d inst. a column of Spanish
troops commanded by Colonel Ochoa,oper
ating around Jaruco, Havana province,
captured a poor, miserable boy of fifteen
years, named Juan Rodriguez, suffering
from nervous prostration and so weak that
ne coiud hardly move without assistance.
This untiappy creature was dragged from
his Dome and without any compassion for
his pitiable state he was butchered on the
roadway to Tapaste for the crime of being
a cousin of the leader of a band, named
Victor Simon.
On June 1 Simon Yruri, member of one
of the best families of Jaruco, was arrested i
on suspicion of being a rebel sympathizer,
by orders of General Melguizo. He was
too well known to be taken out of town
and shot in the fields, as this would make
a scandal, so they made a semblance of a I
court-martial, and with all the apparent '
formalities of the law he was publicly 1
shot in the square of the town.
Ti.e deed created general indignation ]
when it was known that Meleuizo had or- '■
dered the execution on his own authority, !
without consulting the captain-general,
who is the only one empowered to order
such proceedings.
On June 4 Lorenzo Medina, a native of
the Canary Islands, 49 years of age and a
cattle-dealer, and John Toledo, a Cuban,
30 years of age and the owner of a cart- I
shop, both well known and esteemed in
the town of Jaruco, were arrested on no
Snown charges.
They were iocked in the civil guard's
barracks and the next morning they were I
taken out of the town on the promise of j
prompt release and treacherously shot be- j
hind the slaughter-house. It is known
that Valencia had a fight with Colonel
Dondevieia of Campo (Fla.) fame in which !
this "brave' was completely routed, losing j
thirty dead lelt on the field. This has
never been repeated officially.
The Bayarao guerillas, about 100 men, |
commanded by Abiga Guerra, have joined i
the rebels, seduced thereto by Calixto Gar- j
cia when he passed near that place last i
week.
In Sancti Spiritus a band of musicians j
of the local volunteers, headed by its j
bandmaster, Justo Alvarez, with all the I
instruments of the band also went over to !
The woods to enliven the time of the revo
lutionists.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— A Herald
special from Wilmington, Del., says: In- !
formation was received here that the
cargo of ammunition sent to the aid of the
Cuban insurgents on the yacht Vindex,
which left here last Monday morning, was
successfully transferred to a steamer
bound for Cuba near the Delaware capes
on Friday morning, and that fifteen vol
unteers from Delaware boarded the
steamer at the same time for the purpose
of enlisting in the Cuban forces.
The Ward liner Seguranca, which ar
rived here to-day from Havana, brought
the last cargo of Havana tobacco from
<üba which will arrive here until General
Weyler's order prohibiting the shipment
of tobacco from the island shall have been
rescinded. The cargo consisted of 1208
bales and twelve barrels of leaf tobacco.
McKINLEY MUSTN`T DODGE
Continued from First Page.
tion left is the choice of Vice-President. If
Reed persists in a refusal some time will
have to be taken in deliberating this
point."
"Who will the candidate be if Eeed re
fuses?"
"H. Clay Evans should get the place,
but he cannot get it I feel sure. The* In
diana people are solid for McAlpen, but
who is he? Then the Jersey ites want
Hobart, but I cannot see that he has any
claims. This nomination is an open one,
and will be the oniy interesting thing
about the convention."
"Will there be no fight on the money
plank?"
"Why, no. The Republican party Is for
gold, and that is all there is to it. Besides,
that is not the issue. The tariff is what
the fight will be made on. McKinley is a
gold man. There is not a line in his
speeches that can be construed favorably
to free silver. I heard him make his tirst
Fpeech at Niles, Ohio, when 'he declared
for gold."
KANSAS' CORN TRAIN.
forty Orators Abonrd Who Will Talk for
McKinley.
WICHITA, Kans., June B.— Amid the
booming of cannon, the playing of bands,
the shriek of factory whistles and the
shouts of a vast concourse of people the
McKinley-decorated corn train started on
its journey to the Republican Convention
at St. Louis this afternoon. It will not
arrive there until the 13th mst., as a stop
will be made at every town of importance
on the way, and the forty orators who ac
company the train will make McKinley
speeches. The Wellington band was also
taken along.
The forty cars were brought into the
city this morning and have been the cen
ter of interest from the throngs. Political
cartoons, pictures and mottoes advtrtisin;
the resources of the various companies
furnishing the grain decorate the entire
length of the train. After the St. Louis
convention the train will proceed to New
York, mating stops at all the important
cities, and in the event of McKinley's
nomination a day's halt will be made at
Canton and there will be a big celebration
there. Previous to the departure of the
train a grand rally was held at the audi
torium, addressed by Hon. J. R. Burton
and Judge Sutton. Colonel H. W. Levy
of this city read an original poem, to cele
brate the consummation of the corn-train
scheme. The meeting -then adjourned to
the depot, where other addresses were
made.
"Syl" Dickson, who inaugurated and
carried out the enterprise, was introduced
and wildly cheered by the crowd. A score
of strong men made a rush for him, and
he was carried on their shoulders, while
cheer after cheer for Dickson, McKinley
and the orators who accompanied the
train rent the air.
To-night there was another great meet
ing, addressed by ex-Senator John J. In
galls. Speaking of the corn train and the
circumstance that it was struck by light
ning on Sunday night, he said : "Syl
Dickson is the Ajax of Kansas. He de
fied the lightning and laughed at the
thunderbolts. In spite of the lightning
his corn train left strictly on time, and It
will reach St. Louis as scheduled, a day
or two before the McKinley ratification
meeting."
"The word 'impossible' has been elimi
nated from our vocabulary," said Ingalls.
"The idea of the Kansas man is to per
form the impossible, surpass the unat
tainable. This the projector of the Mc-
Kinley corn train has done."
The ex-Senator defined his position on
the money question thus: "I am in favor
of rational constitution and bimetallism,
but intend to stand on tha St. Louis plat
form whether it coincides with my in
dividual opinions or not."
He took strong ground in favor of re
stricting foreign immigation, and declared
himself more of a protectionist than ever
before. _
Hreckinridge a Candidate.
LEXINGTON, Ky., June B.— Colonel W.
C. P. Breckinridge announces that he will
be a candidate for Congress at the next
election.
LIEUTENANT PEARS`S PLANS.
Goes to Newfoundland to Arrange His
Northern Voyage.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— R. E.
Peary, United States navy, sailed from
Brooklyn on the Portia yesterday morn
ing to St. John's, N. F., to complete ar
rangements for his coming voyage to
Greenland. He will return to this city
shortly and expects to sail for the north
about J uly 8.
Peary had intended to sail for England
Dn June 2 to fill his long deferred engage
ments to lecture before the Royal Geo
graphical Society of London and the Scot
tish Geographical Sociery of Edinburgh,
but he found at the last moment that the
interests of his next Greenland expedition
would not permit him to go abroad and
so his foreign engagements are again post
poned.
A number of scientific men and students
who, for purposes of their own, desire to
visit Greenland, will take advantage of
this opportunity to sail on Peary's
steamer. Some newspapers have an
nounced that Peary is going north again
to secure the very lar^e meteorite which
lie was unable on his last return from
jreenland to bring home with him,
ihoutih he did secure the two remarkably
me aerolites that are now in the Ameri
can Museum of Natural History in this
■ity. This, however, is merely an inci
lent of his enterprise. Nobody knows
vhether his vessel will be able to get
within many miles of the north shore of
Melviile Bay, where he found this great
meteoric stone.
Peary's most northern point on this trip
svill be Cape Sabin, at the entrance to
smith Sound. Turning south again he
will endeavor to push into Jones Sound,
which is very little known, the only ex
plorer who has ever pushed far into it be
ing Inglefield in 1852.
After he has picked up the parties he
left on the coast he will visit Cumberland
Sound in Baffin land, where Dr. Franz
Boas spent a winter among the natives,
and if the conditions are favorable Peary
will spend a week in Hudson Strait, the
Erreat waterway 500 miles long that unites
Hudson Bay with the sea. The prospects
are that Peary's fourth expedition to
Greenland and his seventh, counting the
auxiliary expeditions which have supple
mented his arctic work, will be fruitful
and interesting.
— — ♦—
Pass- forgers Convicted.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— Eugene
Barnett and Joseph Weimar, who for the
past two weeks have been on trial before
Judge Fitzgerald, in the General Sessions,
for forging passes on the Southern Pacific
Railroad, were to-day found euilty of
attempting to commit forgery in the third
degree. They were remanded until Fri
day for sentence. The two men were
ticket-scalpers at New Orleans. They de
irised a scheme for issuing the bogus
passes over the Southern Pacific. Clar
ence Barnett, brother of Eugene, who lived
in this city, was also in the scheme. He
:urned State's evidence and pleaded guilty.
He will probably be let go.
Money Not forthcoming.
CAIRO, Egypt, June B.— The Egyytian
mixed tribunal, formed for the purpose of
deciding as to the legality of the advance
money from the Egyptian treasury for the
purpose of meeting the expenses of the
Soudan expedition, has formally pro
nounced judgment against the proposal to
draw upon the commission of public debt
for the sum asHed or any* part .thereof.
This action of the tribunal was taken de
spite the refusal of the British and
Egyptian Governments to recognize the
competence of the tribunal to decide upon
the question.
Murdered in Mexico.
JIMINEZ, Mexico, June B.— The bodies
of two well-dressed Americans were found
yesterday on the Batopilas mountain
trail, west of here. Both men had been
shot to death. It is supposed that the
crime was committed by robbers. The
men were evidently on their way to this
city from one of the mining camps west of
here when they were ambushed and
killed. There were no papers on their
bodies to indicate their identity.
Three Ships Provided For.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June 8.-The
naval conferees agreed to-da7 on the
battle-ships in the naval bill as was indi
cated in the United Press dispatches of
Saturday night. Three ships are provided
for with a stipulation that contracts for
armor-plate are not to be made at any
price until Congress shall have further
acted upon the subject.
Without Cleveland's Signature.
WASHINGTON, D. C, June B.— The
following bills have become laws without
the President's approval: Providing back
pay for the President, judge advocate
general of the navy, and erantinp pensions
to Major-General Joseph R. West, General
W. H. Morris and Wilbur F. Cogswell.
Treasury Gold Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. 0., June B.— The
treasury gold reserve at the close of busi
ness to-day stood $106,229,789. The day's
withdrawals were $188,000.
Grocees' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San KafaeL *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
TRIED TO SLAY
A CHICO MAN
Rancher Ackerman's Battle
for Life With Butcher
Dunham.
GRIME OF YEARS AGO.
An Attempt at Murder When
the Campbells Man Owned
a Nursery.
INHERITS A VICIOUS NATURE.
Once Confessed His Father Was an
Assassin— Futile Search for
the Fugitive.
CHICO, Cal., June B.— The history o;
Charles Dunham, the Santa Clara mur
derer, in Chico is not one that a respecta
ble citizen would be proud of. Of those
who became acquainted with Dunham
during his stay in this vicinity non« knew
hid disposition better than Fred Acker
man, a rancher, who in the spring of 1&93
hired Dunham as a laborer, afterward
taking him as a partner in the nursery
business. During the first two or three
months of his labor for Ackerman Dun.
ham was very agreeable and he and Ack
erman got along well together.
Dunham seldom talked about himself or
his relatives, but one day he became con
fidential and told Ackerman that his
father had killed a man and buried him
on a ranch either in San Diego or Santa
Barbara County, and that he made such
an artistic job of it that no one would be
any the wiser or ever find it out.
As Dunham became better acquainted
his demeanor changed, and what little re
spect his fellow employees had entertained
for him was lost. His first offense in
Chico was when at one time he went to
Ackerman and told him that if he would
discharge one of his choremen ne would
obtain for him an industrious young man
of good character who would do the work
for $5 a month less. This was agreed to,
and Dunham brought to the rancn a man
whom he introduced as "Jim," not giving
his other name, and it was not learned
until the month was nearly up that "Jim"
was his brother. Dunham at first denied
the relationship, but afterward had to ad
mit it.
Mrs. Ackerman repeatedly complained
to her husband of Dunham's actions.
Dunham was very disrespectful and impu
dent and Bhe was afraid of him. Things
went from bad to worse, until Ackerman
and Dunham became involved in a contro
versy in regard to some trees. Ackerman,
not liking the way Dunham had been con
ducting the nursery, told him so, and was
threatened by the partner. Soon after
ward Ackerman went to the barn to sad
dle a horse. He had saddled the animal
and was about to mount when some one
pounced upon him from behind and
knocked him down. It was Dunham. Be
ing nearly 60 years old, Ackerman was no
match for his adversary, who was young
and strong. Dunham grasped the old man
by the throat with one hand, holding the
other over his mouth to prevent an out
cry. Dunham then began to twist Acker
man's head in an attempt to breag hi.-*
ne ck, but Aclcerman struggled hard for
life and succeeded in crying out. His
scream was heard by one of the men on
the ranch, who came to the rescue and
p ulled Dunham from his victim, who wag
so exhausted that he bad to be hel pec to
the house.
Dunham told some of the men that he
wished that he had finished Ackerman
before help arrived, and that it would have
been an easy matter to have claimed that
Ackerman met his death by falling from
the haymow and breaking his neck.
Dunham was then discharged and after
ward employed by Z. W. Burnham, who
owns an orange orchard in the foothills
near here. At this place he was employed
for a short time only, as he soon quarreled
with the foreman of the orchard. After
leaving Burnham all trace of Dunham was
lost.
Dunham went by the name of "Sweet
Potato Jim." The origin of the cognomen
is not known, but it is known that Dun
ham is very peculiar in his eating, and
while here would eat no light bread, but
would make a full mea? on corn bread or
vegetables.
. It is significant as proving Dunham's
intent to murder Acfcerman that he killed
Mrs. Dunham by twisting her head until
her neck was broken. In the case of the
rancher, fortunately, this method failed.
CLAIM THEY SAW DUNHAM
People at Various Point* Who Came Upon
Various Strangers.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June 8. — Sheriff Lyn
don has not relaxed bis endeavors to as
certain the whereabouts of Murderer
James C. Dunham. The greater part of
to-day was occupied by himself and corps
in making a review of the situation, in
order that no section of the country
through which the fugitive was liable to
seek escape was left unguarded.
That Dunham was or had been in the
mountains between Mount Hamilton and
Panoche the Sheriff did not doubt, but if
he was still there he believed it exceed
ingly unlikely that he conld escape with
out detection and capture, as the moun
taineers were well posted as to Dubam's
appearance and were upon the constant
lookout for him.
On this account the Sheriff did not con
sider his long and tedious search as either
time or labor lost. He had established
sentinels throughout the mountains who
would at once communicate any informa
tion received regarding the murderer.
- In addition to these he reported Sheriffs
Scott of Fresno County. Bargwardt of
Kern County, Merritt of Tulare County
• and Warfield of Merced County as being
upon the hunt in the western foothills of
the San Joaquin Valley. , .
Sheriffs Holbrook of San Benito County,
Matthews of Monterey County and Ballon
of San Luis Obispo County were reported
to be on guard on the eastern side of the
mountain range, and all had their senti
nels among the residents.
A large number of the ranchers are re
ported to be scouring the mountains in
the hope of securing a trace of
the fugitive. Sheriff Lyndon, to facili
tate this search, yesterday decided to
issue 10,000 placards containing the two
pictures of the murderer and announcing
the rewards for general distribution.
One thousand of these will be printed in
Spanish and distributed in Mexico and
among Mexicans in various sections.
The reward fund now reaches almost
the $5000 mark. Chairman M. H. Hyland
| of the citizens' executive committee yes
terday stated that the citizens' fund was
nearing $4000 and that $1000 of this was
secured irom the vicinity of Campbells.
He expected the fund to steadily increase
as the days passed.
Deputy Sheriff Gardner yesterday stated
that he did not consider the suns of sacks
worn over shoes as evidence of the pres
ence of Dunham, as the custom of placing
sacks over shoes in ordex to facilitate
rough mountain climbing was not a new
or unusual one.
After a thorough search of the moun
tains Gardner believes that Dunham prob
ably went south as far as the Mountain
House and then retraced his ?teps and
came north again in order to throw the
posses of the Sheriffs off his trail.
A general opinion seems to prevail
among the officers that Dunham is in
hiding not very far from this city. This,
however, is given as merely a belief, with
out any definite grounds to substanti
ate it.
The following letter was received by
acting Chief of Police Robert Anderson to
day:
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June 7, 1896.
Friend Bob: lam sure I met Dunham Satur
day. It was on section 10, twelve miles north
of Bakerstield, on what is known as the Kraz
mer ranch. I have been at. work there for the
past twenty days. Your friend,
Will H. Russell,
P. S.— l know him.
Russell is a railroad carpenter, who re
sided in San Jose at one time.
The following letter was forwarded to
the Sheriff's office by the Abend Post, a
German paper in San lrancisco:
PANOCHE, Cal., June 7. 1896.
German Abaid Poet, >'a» Francisco, Cal.: The
murderer, James Dunham, must unquestiona
bly keep himself around this vicinity. He was
seen by a number of people around here. Just
now officers are swarming around our neigh
borhood by day and by night, questioning all
whom they meet in regard to Dunham.
The fellow slept at my brother's barn on the
night of the 4th to the sth of June. On the
following morning I Bhowed my brother Dun
hnrn's picture as it appeared in the Chronicle,
when he immediately recognized Dunham.
Thereupon we searched the whole vicinity,
but we lost his trail and no one seems to know
what has become of him. Respectfully,
George Berg.
N. B.— Judging from the way the people
hereabouts express themselves I do not be
lieve that the murderer can be taken from
here alive. t*. B.
N. B.— A fellow who evinces such an amount
of shrewdness in evading the officers our peo
ple do not consider an insane man. G. B.
Sheriff Lyndon was in Panoche last
Wednesday and knows that if Dunham
strikes there at any time word will imme
diately be sent to him by some of the of
ficers now in that locality.
W. J. Peall, who has a ranch on the
Kincaid road, back of Mount Hamilton,
came to the Sheriff's office to-night with a
rather startling report, which proved later
to be immaterial. Peall's nearest neigh
bors in the mountains are the Scott fam
ily.
This morning he went over to the Scott
place and found on the front door of the
cabin a string, attached to which were four
mice, all hung by the necks. Beneath the
mice was a piece of brown wrapping
paner, on which was written the follow
ing:
This is the way I treat my family and this is
the way I will treat you if you are at home
when I come along. J. C. Dunham.
The Sheriff compared this handwriting
in letters known to have been written by
Dunham, and found not the slightest sim
ilarity.
The fact that Dnnham is an educated
man, and that the person who executed
the writing on brown paper spelled "fam
ily" with an "c," and "come" without the
"c," was considered further proof that the
whole thing was the work of some thought
less person.
NOT IN FRESCO COUNTY.
Man-Hunters Return in Wsntist After
following false Leads.
FRESNO, Cal., June B.— Deputy Sheriffs
L. P. Timmins and Thomas Lynch re
turned to-day from the pursuit of Dun
ham. The officers are satisfied that the
murderer is not in this county and never
was. They even scout the idea that Dun
ham came southward at all.
The cause for the belief that the fugitive
bad been in Fresno County was the state
ment that an old rancher named Schoo
bert made to the effect that Dunham had
called at his place for a drink of water.
When seen by a Fresno officer Schoobcrt
said that he had no reason to believe that
the murderer dad paid him a visit. A
stranger who was passing on the trail had
called at his house for a drink. Such oc
currences are frequent, and Schoobert said
that he took no notice of the appearance
of the stranger. He merely told him to
go to the creek below the house for
water.
"There are only two trails by which
Dunham could have traveled into Fresno
County," said Deputy Sheriff Timmins to
a Call correspondent to-night. "Lynch
and myself made a careful search and dili
gent inquiries along each and we could
not find the slightest trail of the fugitive.
I am positive that Dunham never came
into Fresno County."
The officers had'a very hard trip. The
weather was very hot and water was
scarce. _____^^________
SEATTLE SEALER'S COMPLAINT.
Declares That American Revenue Cutters
Give Corporations a Monopoly
on Furs.
SEATTLE, Wash., June B.— Captain
Larsenof the sealing schooner Bering Sea,
who has been engaged in the business for
many years, declares that the efforts of the
United States to protect seals have loug
been a farce. He boldly asserts that the
Bering Sea fleet of revenue cutters "stand
in" with corporations, and that meanwhile
the seals are slaughtered and exterminated.
"The slaughtering goes on," the cap
tain said, "and our Government winks its
eye. The Alaskan Commercial Company
and the Northwestern Commercial Com
pany have a lease from the Government
of islands where the seals breed. While
the sealers are killing a lew animals out
in the open sea guarded by Uncle Sam's
cruisers these two companies have men
employed slaughtering them by the whole
sale on the islands. They say the pups
die because we kill their mothers out in
the open sea, when the fact is that the
hunters ashore, in their merciless exter
mination of both sexes alike, wound num
bers of young seals which crawl off and
die."
*'A revenue officer told me it was a dis
grace the way the Government was cater
ing to those two powerful corporations.
Why does Victoria get all the sealing
trade? I will tell you. American revenue
cutters watch American sealers like cats
watch mice, and pounce upon them on
every occasion, when at the same time
they will pass a suspicious-looking sealer
flying the British flag. Thus it is that so
many American schooners swing the
British flag from their masthead."
NORMAN WOOED AT SANTA CRUZ.
An Ice Toboggan Slide One of the fea
tures of the festival.
SANTA CRUZ. Cal., June B.—Negotia
tions are in progress for the putting in of
an ice toboggan slide as an additional fea
ture of the coming Venetian carnival.
This will add to the many amusements
that are being arranged and is further evi
dence that this year's carnival will be the
greatest in California's history.
Lieutenant-Governor Jeter and Lieuten
ant A. A. More? of the Naval Reserve left
for San Francisco this afternoon to meet
Admiral Beardsley, to perfect plans for
the naval display here by the three vessels
of the Pacific squadron.
The queen, Miss Josie M. Turcot, will
appear in the street parade in a magnifi
cently decorated carriage, to be drawn by
four horses, and in the river parade she
will travel in the finest of the barges, pre
pared especially for her and to be rowed
oy experienced boatmen. Her maid of
honor will, in the street parade, follow in
another carriage and in a sepefate barge
on the river.
FRESNO SLEUTHS
ARE BAFFLED
Fail to Trace the Slayer
of the Shahamarian
Family.
CLEWS LEAD TO NAUGHT
Russians Deny That They Passed
Upon the Fate of Young
Benjamin.
TALE OF THE
How Women Were Insulted and Chil
dren Wronged by One of the
Victims.
FRESNO, Cal., June B.— The assassin
of Stephen Shahamarian, his son, Ben
jamin, and daughter, Queen, is still at
larpe. Though diligently at work, the
authorities have been able to find no clew,
save the conviction that the Armenians
were the victims of Russian rage, invoked
by the younger Shabamarian's insults to
Russian matrons and maids.
A Call correspondent to-day visited the
home of Albert Brandenberg, the Russian-
German, whose wife and little daughter
had been insulted by Benjamin Shaha
marian, and whose name has been con
nected with the crime. Mr. Brandenberg
lives in Russiantown, just across the road
from the home of the murdered Shaha
marians. Mrs. Brandenberg did most of
the talking to the interpreter, who accom
panied the correspondent. Both were
eager to tell everything they knew, and
appeared as deeply mystified as any one
as to the identity of the murderer.
The Brandenbergs said they have lived
as neighbors to the Shahamarians for six or
seven years and their relations had always
been pleasant. Only a few days before the
murder, Queen Shahamarian, the
daughter, came over to Mrs. Brandenberg
and asked her to assist in making a dress.
Recently, However, they became un
friendly to the Shahamarian boy. On the
night of the murder Brandenberg and his
children retired at about 8 o'clock. His
wife followed an hour later.
Neither Mr. nor Mrs. Brandenberg
heard any noise from the Shahamarian
cottage during the night, although it is
only eighty feet distant from their place.
On the evening before they had seen the
Shahamarian family and young Daniel
Schermerian sitting on the front porch of
the cottage.
Queen Shahamarian had been a frequent
visitor at Brandenberg's house. She had
told Brandenberg that she had been en
gaged to young Schermerian, but her
j father objected on the ground of relation
| ship, they being cousins. Schermerian
j continued to visit iris uncle's house and
I the attachment between him and Queen
did not cease. The Brandenbergs say
that the Shahamarians frequently quar
reled with each other and were mentally
unbalanced. Queen, the girl, would stand
at windows and go through strange antics.
Mrs. Brandenberg ttien told of the
strange actions of Benjamin Shahamarian.
j His treatment of a little three-year-old
girl of Brandenberg, as described by the
mother, was shocking. Mrs. Brandenberg
also toid with old-country simplicity of
the insults which the youth \ad offered
her on Friday afternoon. At this point
of the tale Brandenberg laughed anil did
not show any evidence of the anger which
would have prompted a man to murder,
for be it known that Brandenberg is under
a sort cf suspicion.
Mrs. Brandenberg had gone before
Justice Austin and swore to a complaint
against Benjamin Shahamarian, but as
the only evidence against him was the
statements of two little tirls, and as the
boy flatly denied iais guilt the court dis
charged him. A warrant was then issued
for his arrest on another charge. Upon
investigation by Deputy Constable Pick
ford no conclusive evidence could be ob
tained, and this case was also dismissed.
Brandenberg stated that when he re
turned home and way apprised of young
Shahamarian's crimes he decided upon re
newing the case in court. It was the
proper manner to have the boy punished,
lie said.
Mr. and Mrs. Brandenbere denied any
knowledge of meetings held in Russian
tnwn to decide upon what punishment
should me meted to the youth for his con
duct. The meeting held in the church on
Friday night, which was reported to be a
gathering of Russians to consider Ben
jamin Shahamarian's actions, was a re
ligious affair, according to the statements
of the Russians. These meetings are
siirilar to prayer-meetings and are held
almost nightly. Mr. Brandenberg is a
teitcher in the Sunday-school of the
church.
Wnen asked their opinion as to the iden
tity of the muruerer, Mr. and Mrs. Bran
denberg shrugged their shoulders and re
plied that they did not know. The only
enemies of the Armenian family, to their
knowledge, were two Armenians. One
HEW TO-DAY:
"He who runs may read," and he who
reads (this) should run— run to oar store
while our exceptional Shirt chances are
in full blossom.
Outing Shirts, 75c and up.
Fancy Bosom and Cuffs— white body— the Shirt
of the da-, $1.
A nugget : of good First-rate White Dress
Shirts. 90c.
The difference between our Haberdash-
ery Department and the big furnishing
goods stores is that our expenses are lighter
and prices lower.
All- Wool Sweaters, $2 ones, 4 shades, f 1 25.
Extra Good Belts, 25c ■
Bike Hose, Pajamas, Night Robes, Traveling
Rugs, Bath Robes, Gowns, House Coats, etc.
N^^g : ai-aa-35-37T(EAnifjy : sfci^:.'
Mall Orders— Satisfaction or money refunded.
had difficulty with the elder Shahamarian
over the depredations of a goat, and the
other, whose name was Peters, had trouble
over business matters. Peters and Shaha
marian came to blows. This was nearly a
year ago.
Pastor Legler of the Russian church was
seen. He said that whenever he was
wanted at the Courthouse, he would tell
what he knew. He did not know anything,
he said, except the rumors that were
afloat. He seemed to be much excited be
cause Russians had been suspected of the
murder. At his prayer-meetings nothing
"earthly" was spoken of, much less Ben
jamin Shahamarian and the inability of
courts to punish him. As to who the per
petrator of the murder was, Legler said he
had not the slightest idea. He was posi
tive, however, that the crime was not com
mitted by any Russian or Russians.
The Russians in general say ihat the
murder must have been the work of Ar
menian enemies, while the Armenians de
clare that the assassin can be found among
the Russians. A few months ago the elder
Shahamarian had trouble with a Russian
named Huben. The Russian, armed with
an ax, pursued him, and Shahamarian
took refuge in his house.
THE PIGALLA TRIAL
Suspect Hay net Displays Remarkable
Ignorance as a Witness.
VISALIA, Cal., June B.— Little or no
interest seems to be taken in the trial of
Silas Lovren, the alleged leader of the at
tempted train hold-up at Tagus on the
night of March 18. The first and only
witness called to-day was John Haynes, a
man who did not know the names of the
months, although he knew the days of the
wee*.
Haynes swore on cross-examination that
neither McCall nor Britt ever told him
that Ardell or Lovren would come to the
camp and go with them to rob the South
ern Pacific train. The witness never saw
the sandals, masks or red cloth found on
the body of McCall, the bandit killed in
the hold-up, until he saw them in court.
On the Tuesday before the attempted rob
bery the witness quit the plotters because
he was afraid McCall would kill him.
Haynes said he was * honest when he
"jined" the Salvation Army, but his hon
esty left him after he had the first talk
with McCall about robbing the train. He
continued to go to the Salvation Army
meetings and pray and sing as usual, but
he was not honest. Lovren told him to
continue to attend the Salvation Army
and he would not be suspected of com
plicity when the train was robbed.
RAID ON A TIJIQUE HOME
Hirelings of a Brazilian Don
Attempt to Abduct a
Maiden.
One of the Invading Party Slain by
Her Father in a Pitched
Battle.
ALBUQUERQUE, N. Mex., June B.— A
Brazilian claiming to be a Count and call
ing himself Don Juan Miguel de la Cerda
became enamored of the pretty 16-year-old
daughter of Merchant Dow, in the little
town of Tijique, forty miles ea3t of Albu
querque. The girl rejected him and her
father ordered him away from the house.
After a few days the Don enlisted a
squad of sheepherders and gave it out.
that he intended to storm the place and
carry the girl away by force, but the father
heard of his coming, and when Don Juan
approached the house yesterday evening a
pitched battle ensued in which one man
and a horse on the Don's side were killed
outright and several men on both sides
dangerously wounded. Dow held the fort
and the Don's forces retired without the
girl.
GRADUATE AT RENO
Eighteen State University Students to Re-
ceive Diplomas.
RENO, Nkv., June B.— The commence
ment exercises of the Nevada State Uni
versity have begun, the first feature being
class day, in which the seniors took part.
Rev. Dr. McKensie is to deliver the com-
mencement oration and the conferring of
degrees will be dy Dr. Stubbs, president of
the university. Following are the names
of the graduates: Adelaide M. Boyd, 8.A. ;
William L. Brandon, 8.A.; Albert W-
Cahlan, 8.5. ; Jay H. Clemons, 8.A. ;
Louise Frey, 8.A. ; Andrew Hanson, 8.5. ;
John M." L. Henry, 8.5. ; Gertrude
Hironymous, 8.A. ; Fred M. Linscott,
8.5.; Arthur P. Mack, 8.5. ; May .E.
Palmer, 8.A.; Emmet A. Powers, 8.5. ;
William H. Segrave, 8.5. ; Laura Smith,
8.A.; Fred E. Walts, 8.A.; Albert W.
Ward, 8.A. ; Mildred M. Wheeler, 8.A. ;
Otto T. Williams, B.A.
Captured Near Goleta.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., June B.—
Louis Olavas was arrested to-day on a
charge of grand larceny, he having stolen
the sailboat Genova, the property of A.
Larco, with which he attempted a voyage
to foreign shores. He was stopped Dy a
fog and caught close to the Goleta shore.
His confederate in crime, an unknown
man who was at first reported to be Mur
derer Dunham, escaped, but the local con
stabulary is looking for him.
Suicide Sear Marysville.
MARYSVILLE, Cal., June B.— James
Nomss, a prospector, aged 70, committed
suicide this morning on the county road
four miles east of town. He sent a rifle
bullet through his throat and bled to
death.
NEW TO-DAY— DRY GOODS.
Silk Sale
OF THE-
Season !
■TiiescLay, ■ June 9
(AND UNTIL SOLD),
J±T BOTH STORES.
The Greatest Bargains in Dress Silks
Yet Shown in San Francisco.
19-INCH GLACE SHOT DOUBLE WARP SURAH, in all the desirable shadings; an
excellent quality; considered a bargain any time at 50c; only 60 pieces,
35c a Yard
GENUINE PRINTED WARP DRESDEN EFFECTS DRESS SILKS, in light and
dark colorings; beautiful patterns: all the latest flower effects, 20 and 21 inches
wide; regularly sold at $1 25, $1 50 and $1 75 a yard.
All at 93c a Yard
■..-.• ■ - •• ■■■- ■ . . ■ .
KO LBERG, STRAUSS
& FROHMAN,
107-109 POST STREET —and--— —1220-1224 MARKET STREET.
NAPA'S GREETING
TO FAIR NATIVES
Daughters of the Golden
West Given a Hearty
Welcome.
THEY OWN THE TOWN.
Bells Are Rung and a Band
Plays When the First-
Comers Arrive.
SERENADED IN THE EVENING.
The Grand Parlor Will Meet and
Organize To-Day — Reception to
the Delegates.
NAPA, Cal., June B.— The people of
Napa have completed the pleasant task of
decorating the streets and buildings in
honor of the Native Daughters, an>l are
ready to entertain their guests. Two car
loads of delegates arrived this evening,
and a large number of citizens with a brass
band met them at the depot. As the train
arrived all the factory whistles were
blown, bells were rung and flays were
thrown to the breeze from the public build
ings.
Nearly every man, woman and child in
town wears the Grand Parlor colors in
some form or other; red and yellow
badges, neckties, hatbands, sashes and
bouquets are seen on every hand. Bicycles
adorned with the colors of the setting sun
are much in evidence, and even the dogs
are pressed into service by the enthusiastic
natives and many a canine wears a har
ness more or less elaborate of red and
yellow bunting.
The wind, which had tempered the heat
of the day, played havoc with some of the
decorations, but tne damage has all been
repaired. As the visitors enter the busi
ness part of the town from the depot they
cross the Third-street bridge, which car
ries a great mass of evergreens and bunt
ing. Main street, from Third to Pearl, is
spanned by hundreds of streamers, and to
night is rendered as bright as day by
scores of electric lights. Every storekeeper
on the street has dressed his place of busi
ness more or less elaborately. On all the
cross streets the decorations continue. An
immense arch of evergreens reaches from
the courthouse to the city hall. The fronts
of these two buildings are garbed in bunt
ing, and on the front of the courthouse is
the greeting, "Welcome N. D. G. W.,"
formed with electric lights.
Many of the delegates have friends here,
with whom they are stopping, and the
others are given accommodations at the
hotels. After they arrived the visitors
were serenaded at their hotels by the band,
and later in the evening a concert was
given on the courthouse square.
The Grand Parlor will meet and organ
ize to-morrow morning. The day will be
largely taken up with the preliminary
business. The sessions will be held in Odd
FeJlows' Hall. In the evening a reception
will be given in the opera-house. Mayor
J. A. Fuller will present to Grand Presi
dent Mariano Bertola of Martinez tne key
of the city. Hon. Frank L. Coombs, ex-
Minister to Japan, will deliver the address
of welcome. An excellent musical and
literary programme, in which Miss Laura
Pugh, Mrs. E. W. Churchill, Miss Gertrude
Lamdin, Mrs. Richard Wylie, Miss Hattie
Trowbridge, Miss F. W. Applegate and
Dr. W. H. Evans will participate, has been
arranged. ____________
FOUND IN A SEATTLE CONVENT.
Mrs. de Mooy of San Francisco Seeks to
Recover Her Child, Stolen Nine
Years Ago.
SEATTLE, Wash., June B.— The recov
ery of her child, a 10-year-old girl, whom
she claims was stolen from her nine years
ago while she lay on a sick-bed in a Sacra
mento hospital, is the mission of Mrs.
Ella de Mooy of San Francisco, who ar
rived in Seattle to-day, The girl, who was
supposed to have been the lawful daugh
ter of James W. Smith, a well-known
sporting man, who recently died in this
city, appears in reality to have been adopt
ed by Mrs. Smith. The child is known as
Isabella Smith, and since the separation
of Smith and his wife about three years
a-o it has been an inmate of the Sisters'
Academy.
Mrs. de Mooy is invoking the aid of the
law, and declares she will never return to
California without her child. She sava
she was robbed of the little one through
the connivance of a brother-in-law resid
ing at Fresno, her former home. Durine
these many years she claims to have been
in ignorance of the child's whereabouts.
34
SAD PLIGHT OF
A STOCKTON MAN
Ex -City Clerk Campbell
Crazed by Continued
Misfortune.
FOUND IN A BOXCAR.
Discovered by His Sons After a
Search of Several
Days.
HIS REASON HAS DEPARTED,
Stares Blankly at Kith and Kin
Without a Gleam That Betokens
Recognition.
STOCKTON, Cal., June 8.-C. A. Camp
bell, formerly City Clerk of Stockton, who
has been missing from his home on San
Joaquin street since last Thursday, was
found this morning in a demented condi
tion in a boxcar of the Valley Railroad in
the western part of the city. On Thurs
day morning Campbell went as usual to
his office in Parkers alley, where he had
been conducting a collection agency, and
was there up to the noon hour. Then he
left to go home to luncheon, but was not
seen after that time by his family until
discovered to-day in the boxcar.
When he did not return for his evening
meal Campbell's relatives began to worry
over his absence, and his sons started out
to look for him. On Friday the matter
was reported to the police, but on account
of Campbell's prominence they kept his
disappearance a secret. They made little
effort, however, to find him, and he was
discovered this morning only through the
efforts of his sons.
Since Campbell was defeated for office
last year he has been acting as accountant
for several concerns and conducting his
collection bureau. The latter business was
not remunerative, and it is believed that
his ill luck so preyed upon his mind that
he became demented. He was seen walk
ing near the banks of Stockton Channel
on Friday night, and it was then feared
that he had plunged to death in the
waters. A young man named Fanning
saw Campbell wandering aimlessly about
in the western part of the city yesterday
and reported the fact this morning to the
missing man's sons. They at once started
to search for him and later discovered him
lying flat on his back in one of the unused
boxcars on the Valley road.
Campbell was staring vacantly at the
top of the car and did not recognize his
sons when they entered and asked him to
go home. They lifted him to his feet and
placed him in a carriage, taking him direct
to his home. Up to the present he has
not recognized any of his family and
nothing can be learned as to his wander
ing* since Thursday noon.
Campbell was elected City Clerk in 1886
and held the office continuously until last
year, when he was defeated by J. M. Mc-
Call, the Democratic candidate. He is a
member of the Odd Fellows, United Work
men and Knights of Pythias and has held
prominent offices in all of these orders.
COCOS ISLAND'S TREASURE.
Tales of Pirate*' Buried Loot Confirmed
by an Old Sailor.
STOCKTON, Cal., June B.— Since the
expedition from this city on the schooner
Hayseed in search of some $60,000,000 of
buried treasure that was supposed to be
hidden off the coast of Costa Rica on that
garden spot in the Pacific, the Isle of
Cocos, and the failure of the Hayseed's
crew to locate the treasure, Jacob Simon,
the projector of the plan, and Captain
Geissler, his aeent, have obtained from
the Costa Rican Government a concession
to farm the island for a long term of years,
and are now colonizing it and planting it
with coffee. These facts were related in
The Call, and as a result letters have
been pouring in upon Simon from all
parts of the country.
Several days ago he received an offer
from a prominent Honolulu capitalist, who
proposed to send a colony to Cccos Island
to help raise coffee there and seek for the
buried treasure. As Simon and Geissler
have an iron-clad contract with the Costa
Rica Government, the proposals made by
the Honolulu merchant have not resulted
in anything.
Simon recently received anotner letter
from Oregon, in which the writer states
that in 1848 he was a sailor before the mast
and had a* a companion on the voyage a
Kanaka, who told him about the hidden
treasure the pirates are supposed to have
sto'en and buried on the little isle.
His companion made him' promise to
save enough money to go with him in
search of the treasure, but they became
separated after the voyage and the Ore
gonian forgot all about the story told him
by the Sandwich Islander until he read in
The Call a few weeks ago about the efforts
of Simon and Geissler to locate the mil
lions in Spanish doubloons. Then the
tales of his old shipmate recurred to him
and he wrote to Simon to tell him that he
had heard the very same facts of which
the Stocktonian and his partner are in pos
session.
The Stockton man intends to keep up
the search for the hidden money, and, al
though he is wealthy now, he nopes some
day to possess a portion of the loot of the
gold-laden ship bound for Spain.
REAFKINS AT A CONQUET
Reception to Two Officers of the Odd
Fellows' Mater Order.
STOCKTON, Cal., June B.— A reception
in Odd Fellows' Hall was tendered to-nicht
to Mrs. Hoyle Greenwood of this city, the
State president of the order of Rebekahs,
and to Mrs. Tborndyke, who was recently
elected grand trustee of that order. All
day long the members of the organization
were engaged in decorating the hall. The
lodgeroom was beautifully garbed in pint
and green. A banquet to which nearly
200 guests sat down was given at the con
clusion of the reception.
By the afternoon train a large delegation
of visitors came from all parts of the
country. Among them were: Mrs. Mi
nerva Karsner, grand vice-president, of
Oroville; Mrs. Mary E. Donoho, grand
(secretary, of San Francisco; Miss Dell
Savage, grand marshal, of Livermore;
Miss Olive Allen, past grand president, of
Santa Rosa; Miss Gertrude E. Maryland,
past grand president, of San Jose; Miss
Fannie Benjamin, past grand president, of
Los Angeles; Mrs. C. A. Hoxett, past
grand representative, of Gilroy ; Mrs. Solhe
Wolf, grand trustee, of Sacramento; 8.
Moreland of San Jose, Dr. Savage of Liver
more, S. N. Wyckoff and wife of Berkeley
and A. P. Murgotten and wife of San Jose.
/>!■;; ti*ts Invade Santa Crua.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., June B.— The ad
vance-guard of delegates to the twenty*
sixth annual convention of the California
State Dental Association, which opens on
Wednesday rrorning, arrived to-day.
They are Dr. Russell H. Cool and Dr.
Walter F. Lewis of Oakland and Dr. A. H.
Mories of Alameda. With Dr. Bliss of the
local arrangement committee they ppent a
part of the day in acquainting themselves
with the plans. The main body of the
delegates will arrive to-morrow in a
special car, which is to be placed at their
disposal at San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO ROMANCE.
From Hymen's Shrine to a Prison Cell
/s a Young Husband Cruelly
Hustled.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June B.— John G.
Rose, a young man of Portuguese descent,
was arrested this afternoon on a charge of
perjury preferred by his very recent fath
er-in-law, A. L. da Rosa. For sometime
past Rose has been "making love" to
Phinie da Rosa, a demoiselle of fourteen
summers, and this afternoon John ap
peared before the Deputy County Clerk
and made application for a marriage li
cense. Unfortunately, he swore that the
girl was of age. Procuring the necessary
document, he hied to a Justice of the
Peace, in company with Miss Phinie, and
the bonds which no man is to put asunder
were woven.
John and his youthful bride returned
home, and received the congratulations of
all the elderly female members of the Por
tuguese colony, and a grand celebration
was inaugurated; but in the midst of the
feast the father-in-law put in an appear
ance with a myrmidon of the law, who
placed John under arrest.
The weeping bride attempted to cling to
her husband, but was torn from his em
brace by her angry father, and incarcerated
in tne house, while John occupies a ceil in
the City Prison. The affair has created a
furor among the Portuguese settlement, all
sympathy being with the young couple.
CONTENTION ATTACHLS
Abomination* for Positions at the Demo
cratic Gathering.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June B.— John
Markley, William McLaughlin and Judge
Add O. Hinkson, the committee on at
taches for the Democratic Convention,
have selected the following gentlemen
whom they will recommend to the dele
gates to fill the several offices: Secretary
of the convention, Edwin F. Smith ; clerk,
Hugh M. La Rue Jr.; clerk, P. A. Byrne;
clerk, James C. Carroll; sergeant-at-arms,
Thomas W. Johnston ; first assistant, Mat
Coffey; assistant, C. C. Duhain; assistant,
1. N. Smith; assistant, Charles Studarus;
porter, Prince Bufford; porter, Thomas
Halloran; porter, Ni P. Brofy; page, I. N.
Makree; page, Samuel Waits; page, John
McLaughlin; page, Mervin Norton; page,
Malter Sheehan.
As t :e city has volunteered to defray all
expenses of the convention those named
for the positions have agreed to donate
their services, as was the case in the Re
publican Convention. It is feared that
considerable delay will occur in the roll
call, as several counties have failed to for
ward lists of delegates.
Brady's Captor* Rewarded.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June B.— At the
meeting of the Board of Examiners to-day
the claim of Thomas O'Brien, asking for
the $300 reward for the capture of Brady,
the train-robber, was rejected, and the
amount equally divided between Alex Mc-
Donald and W. A. Johnson, who found
the bandit secreted beneath a bridge and
captured him.
♦
Saernntento Street- Car Hold- Up
SACRAMENTO, Cal., June 9.— An elec
tric-car was held up at Twenty-eighth and
P streets by a masked robber at midnight.
Ihe conductor was forced to hand over
what money he had— about $6. The rob
ber escaped
GOLD IN FRESNO STREETS
Pay-Dirt Struck by Laborers
While Digging on a Main
Thoroughfare.
A Mining Claim at Once Staked Out
On a Vacant Lot
Adjoining.
FKEBNO, Cal., June B.— Gold was dis
covered in a street of Fresno to-day. A
force of laborers was digging a hole for an
electric-light post at the corner of X and
Calaveras streets when the discovery was
made. The men were digging out hard
pan about six feet below the surface, and
threw the dirt upon the street. Foreman
A. D. Smith noticed that the earth looked
similar to gold dirt, he having formerly
been a miner in Colorado. He washed
three panfuls of it and secured 24 cent 3
worth of the metal. There appeared to be
a streak of ore-bearing earth through the
stratum of hardpan.
All the dirt which the workmen had
thrown up in the street was placed in
sacks and hauled away under the direc
tion of Mr. Smith. A mining claim was
also staked out on an adjoining lot, which
is vacant.
Affray at Vanden Station.
SUIBUN, Cal., June B.— J. B. Fineout,
a teamster on the Brooks ranch at Yanden
station, shot and seriously wounded A.
Dorse} 7 , a negro, this morning. The two
quarreled over a trivial matter, and Fine
out claims Dorsey struck him with a
rock. Fineout ran into the house and
procured a shotgun. When he emerged
the colored man commenced throwing
rocks at him, and Fineout fired. A charge
of shot struck Dorsey in the back and
thigh. Fineout was arrested.
Fire year Astoria.
ASTORIA, Ob., June B.— A cannery on
the Washington side of the Columbia, op
posite this city, supposed to be that of
the North Shore Packing Company, owned
by George & Baker of this city, was
burned to the ground to-night. As there
is no telegraph or telephone communica
tion with any point nearer than Chinook,
no particulars have been obtained. The
fire is supposed to be of incendiary origin,
resulting from the Columbia River fisher
men's strike.
Sicbe Trial Postponed.
Nothing was done in the Siebe perjury ense
in Judge Wallace's court yesterday morning,
except to adjourn until Friday morning. Sec
retary Willcutt was to have been put upon the
stand, but he is sick in bed with bronchitis.
Mr. Clunie is waiting for the Supreme Court
decision in the contempt matter before closing
his case, and his threat last week to read the
taxroll has made the defendant willing to
grant a postponement. Mr. Clunie yesterday
morning submitted to Judge Wallace for his
signature a commitment of Secretary Wlllcutt
for contempt, which the Judge will probably
take action upon by Friday.
Lady of Mercy Academy.
The graduating exercises of the Academy of
Our Lady of Mercy, at Fremont and Harrison
streets, will be held next Tuesday at 2p. m. In
vitations have been issued for the occasion by
the Sisters of Mercy.
i'aby Dunham Adopted.
Mr. and Mrs. M.T. Brewer yesterday formally
adopted Percy Osborn Dunham, the Infant
child of the San Jose murderer. The child's
name is now Brewer. The papers were signed
In Judge Slack's court
A sponge having a circumference of 5
feet 6 Inches has r>een taken from the
waters of Biscayne Bay, Florida.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
TRAVELED AS A
SAN JOSE WIDOW
Mrs. Emma Parker's Gay
Masquerading in
the East.
A "MRS." TO HER NAME.
Appeared as a Young Woman
Who Mourned a Hus
band's Death.
FATHER -IN - LAW'S FAILINGS.
Mrs. Bickel's Reminiscences of the
Capitalist Whose Will Is
Now Attacked.
BAN JOSE, Cal., June B.— The contest
of the will of George H. Parker, deceased,
instituted by Emma L. Parker, the widow
of the testator's deceased son, was re
sumed in Judge Reynolds' court this
morning. Most of the day was taken up
in reading depositions. Some of them
tended to show that Mrs. Emma Parker
nad led a rather gay life before marrying
Edward L. Parker, and that she had mas
queraded through the East as Mrs. Brown,
a rich young widow from California.
W. E. Crossman, a real estate dealer
of this city, was the only witness called for
the contestant this morning. He stated he
had known the late George Parker inti
mately for many years. On one occasion,
shortly after his return from the East in
the summer of 1892, George Parker came
into his office and said he was worried over
the disposition of his property, as his son
had married an adventuress. Parker said
that his sister, Jane Pomeroy, had in
formed him of the bad moral character of
Mrs. Emma Parker. At that time Ed
ward Parker was sick and his father did
not expect him to recover.
The deposition of Dr. James Campbell,
president of the Board of Health of Hart
ford, Conn., and a member of the Yale
faculty, was read. Dr. Campbell stated
that he had known Edward L. Parker well
for years. He considered Parker mothodi
cal, business like and of good habits and
lie bore that reputation in the com
munity.
A deposition from John P. Wheeler,
treasurer of the Connecticut Trust and
Sale Deposit Company in Hartford, was
also read. Wheeler testified as to Parker's
good business and personal habits. His
reputation as a business man was so good
that on one occasion the bank loaned him
$1000 on his unsecured note of hand.
Depositions of E. S. Kippy and W. W.
Walker, grocers of Hartford, Conn., were
read. Both Walker and Kippy were neigh
bors and friends of Edward L. Parker and
his wife. Both testified as to the cordial
relations between Edward Parker and his
wile. Their character and standing in the
community was considered very good. Par
ker was not extravagant. W. W. Walker
had gone on Mrs. Emma Parker's bond as
administratrix of her husband's estate.
The next deposition was that of W. H.
Birpe, who had been employed as book
keeper in Edward L. Parker's shoestore in
Hartford from 1870 to 1876. He saw Mrs.
Parker only once before her marriage.
Then she was known as Mrs. Brown, a
rich young widow from California. He
first saw her in Parser's store. After Ed
ward Parker's marriage he had several
conversations with Jane Pomeroy. On
several occasions she said she wanted to
separate Edward from his wife, as she did
not regard Mrs. Parker as a fit companion
for Edward. She said she had written to
George Parker all about his son's wife,
and when ne came East Irom California ■
he would settle the matter. Mrs. Pomeroy |
Baid that Mrs. Emma Parker was a schem- I
ing adventuress and had entrapped Ed
ward into marriage, and that if he did not
leave her his father would disinherit him.
Mrs. Sue Bickel went upon tne witness
stand on behalf of the contestants. She
was Mr. Parser's housekeeper and had al
ready testified in the case. She said :
"After Mr. Parker returned from the
East his mental condition bad changed
for the worse He was given frequently
to talking to himself. He had a 'painful
distaste,' as he told me. He complained
of kidney trouble and I often had to heat
water to relieve him in the ni.ht. Just
before he went East in 1893 he told me
that trouble would drive him insane. He
said that once when he was in trouble he
went almost out of his mind.
"When he returned from the East, he
said they held a seance at his sister's
house and his departed wife conversed
with him through the colored medium,
Joe. Mr. Parker spofce of a great many
mediums, among them Fred Evans. He
brought slates home twice, showed them
to me, read them and I read them. He
took copies of the slate messages and sent
the copies to his sister, Jane.
"When the letters came to him from
Mr. Lewis in reeard to his son's condition,
Mr. Parker sent them back to his sinter
Jane. He said he did not understand
why Mr. Lewis should be so much inter
ested in the matter, and if he expected
anything from Jane Pomeroy for his ser
vices b:e would probably 'slip up on it. 1
"Letters came from Hartford speaking
kindly in regard to his son's illness, and
Mr. Parker sent them back to his sister.
In the letters the writers said tney would
keep him informed in regard to his son's
illness.
"Mr. Parker said he was uncertain from
the letters he had received as to what his
son's condition really was. He thought
some of the letters were written under the
influence of his son's wife. Ido not re
member that he told me what his condi
tion was when he made his will. He took
his will to the East with him, and when
he came back he said he had changed his
will so as to take away Ed's $10,000, and
the $1000 income was changed to $300 to
please Jane Pomeroy.
"He said he did not intend to give the
Pomeroys anything except that he would
give one of the daughters a Normal School
education. He spoke of giving one of the
Ponieroy children, who was lame, a cork
leg. The purchase of the cork les was
suggested by Mr. Franck. Mr. Parker
seemed quite put out about it, and he said
Mr. Ponieroy had money enoueh to buy
the cork le^ himself. He remarked that
he would deed the Pomeroy children the
piece of property at the corner of Market
and William streets. He did not say any
thing as to what he wonld do for Marshal
Pomeroy in the way of leaving him any
thing.
"After Ed was taken ill Mr. Parker said
the cause of it was that his son was living
high and burning the candle at both ends.
He said he received information in regard
to his son's wife from Jane Pomeroy. Mr.
Parker remarked that he might live with
his son and his son's wife, but not during
Jane or Noah Pomeroy's livesi."
The witness wa3 shown a photograph of
a young woman. It was intimated by
Judge Patterson that the picture was that
of one of the dancing girls in the troupe
that G. H. Parker intended to organize.
"I cannot see what relevancy this photo
graph has in the case," remarked Mr.
Deimas. "This is a picture of a very fine
looking woman. Ido not think it would
be an evidence of unsound mind for the
testator to tako an interest in such a photo
graph and its original. However the pic
ture is a green spot in a dreary desert of
testimony to-day, and I shall not object to
looking at it myself and allowing the jury
to look at it."
The picture was then handed to Judge
Reynolds, and subsequently it was in
spected by the attorneys and jurors. It
was that of a young woman in very modest
attire, except that there were no sleeves to
her dress. As regards the original of the
picture, the witness said she understood
from Mr. Parker that it was a photograph
of Mrs. Barto.
"I know of my own knowledge that it is
not a photograph of that lady," said Mr.
Burchard.
"It is an outrage that her name should
be dragged into the case in this way," said
Mr. Deimas.
"I insist that the picture shall go in evi
dence," said Mr. Patterson, and it was
marked as contestants' exhibit 5.
On cross-examination by Mr. Deimas,
the witness was shown a letter which she
identified as being in her handwriting.
The letter was offered in evidence by Mr.
Deimas.
It was written to Jane Pomeroy, and re
ferred to the runaway accident and the
death of Mr. Parker, who was referred to
as "Pop" in the letter. The writer said
she did all she could for him in his ill
ness. On further cross-examination the
witness testified :
"Mr. Parker always spoke of his son
kindly. He sometimes remarked that he
did a great wrong in letting his son go
away from him. He was affectionate to
his son, as far as was in his nature."
Fay Declared Elected.
BAN JOSE, Cal.. June B.— ln the Second
Ward election contest J. P. Fay, the con
testant, was this evening declared elected
Councilman by four votes over Homer
Prindle, who, by the original count, had
thirteen more than Fay.
Held for Stealing a Bicycle.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June B.— George Law
head, who was arrested at Martinez a few
days ago on a charge of stealing a bicycle
Hon. J. Sterling Morton, Who Received Threatening Letters From a Silver
Advocate.
from Charles Stiver in this city about a
month ago, was arraigned before Justice
Gass to-day on a charge of grand larceny.
Lawhead's examination was set for June
10. In default of $1000 bail he was sent
to jail.
Heath From Apoplexy.
SAN JOSE, Cal., June B.— Coroner Se
cord this morning held an inquest upon
the body of John Campbell, who died sud
denly yesterday afternoon while riding on
a Julian-street electric car. It showed
that death resulted from apoplexy. Camp
bell was about 35 years of age, and engaged
in the wood business at Ninth and Julian
streetß.
ROSENBERG MANIAC SHOT
Wounded While Resitting Capture by
Supposed Enemies,
ROSEBURG, Or., June B.— C. L. Rob
erts, son of William Roberts of Myrtle
Point, became suddenly deranged this
morning, and as a result he is now suffer
ine from two bullet wounds. F. W.
Haynes saw Roberts prowling around the
Marks building on Jackson street. Haynes
started upstairs to his dental office in the
building. Roberts ran up ahead of him,
shut and locked the iron doors, and would
not al!ow Haynes to enter.
Haynes called several other young men
to his assistance, a ladder was procured,
and Eueene Parrott attempted to effect an
entrance through a hall window. Roberts
went to the window and kicked Parrott on
the side of the head, but did not knock
him from the ladder. Louis Reizensteiu,
who was standing on the ground, drew a
revolver and shot twice at Roberts, bitting
him in both shoulders. Parrott was
through the window by this time and suc
ceeded in overpowering Roberts, though
he fought desperately.
Roberts was taken to the City Jail,
where a physician extracted the bullets.
The wounds are not serious and he is rest
itg easily. Roberts believed he was hiding
from imaginary pursuers.
LOS ANGELES CONGRESS.
The Southern California federation of
Women* Soeietie* Sleet*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June B.— The
quarterly meeting of the Federation of
Women's Societies of Southern California
opened this morning in the hall of the
Friday Morning Club and adjourned soon
to the First Methodist Episcopal Church
to accommodate the overflow.
After a recitation of the Lord's prayer by
the assembly thirty-eight societies an
swered to the rollcall. Mrs. R. H. Herron,
president of the Los Angeles branch of
the Needlework Guild of America, dis
cussed the work of the guild, and Mrs.
Mary E. Lynch outlined the work of the
Ladies' Auxiliary of the Young Men's
Christian Association. Each paper was
limited to twenty minutes, and the dis
cussions were brief and pithy.
KERN COUNTY INFANION
Million* of Gratthopper* Swarming Over
Field* and Vineyards.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., June B.—Grass
hoppers have invaded the southern end of
the valley at the foot of San Emigdio
Mountains. They swarm in by millions
and are doing much damage. Various
means are being taken to meet them, but
still they come in myriads. Poisonous
sprays are being used on iruit trees in the
pathway of the pests, while coal tar and
asphaltum are also used to burn them.
Ranchers in the vicinity fear that their
crops will be ruined.
MORTON AFRAID
OF HIS LIFE
His Goldbug Ideas Did Not
Please a Silver Advo
cate.
EMPLOYED A BODYGUARD
Also Had Detectives Vainly
Hunting for the Man Who
Threatened Him.
IS SAFE NOW IN WASHINGTON.
Assures His Friends That a Gold
Candidate Has No Earthly Chance
of Winning Hera
Secretary Morton is busy nowadays tell
ing his Washington friends what a narrow
escape he had from being assassinated by
the silver "cranks" of San Francisco on the
occasion of his recent visit to this City.
It is safe to assume, however, that the
Secretary is not telling his intimates all
the details of that visit, including the em
ployment of a body guard and two or three
detectives to hunt down the man who
caused him so much uneasiness and inci
dentally threatened to take his life.
Mr. Morf.on arrived here May 12, and
that night submitted to long interviews,
in which "sound money" formed the prin
cipal part of his talk. Tne next afternoon
Mr. Morton's peace of mind was visibly
disturbed by tne receipt of the following
letter:
Occidental Hotel, May 13—4 :30 p. m.
Secretary Morton, San Francisco: You
goldbug, get out of California. You are a
liar and a traitor. It costs more to mine silver
than gold. To hell with you and Cleveland,
Carlisle and Sherman.
You are all a lot of thieves and robbers. Now
you do not want to stop a day longer in this
btate. Wo are patriots and bimetallists in Cal
ifornia and consider it a duty to walk up to a
goldbug and shoot him down like a hyena,
for of the two a hyena is preferable. N. S.
P. S. — Get out you villain. Away from
the West. Our people are starving. Get out
of California or be shot dead. N. 8.
That evening the Secretary dined with
some friends, and with much seriousness
read the letter to them. He was assured
that it was the work of some playful fellow
who thought it smart to joke with one of
of the Nation's distinguished represen
tatives.
Somewhat reassured Mr. Morton re
turned to his room, but hardly was he
comfortably seated when there came a rap
at the door and the following was handed
him.
Occidental Hotel, May 13, 1896.
J. S. Mort on, Palace Hotel— Sik : No goldbugs
are wanted in California. Get out oi the State
or else have your — brains shot out. Go back
to Washington and remain with the other
traitors— Grover, tho plutocrat, and Sherman,
the minion of Shylock. Get away from here
as fast as steam will carry you. Our people
are starving on the gokl standard.
We propose to kill all such — villains as sjm,
and make room for honest men at the Govern
ment. Get out of California immediately and
go back to Wall street, you thief, robber,
traitor, imposter and villain combined.
Naiive Son.
P. B.— Fair warning. N. 8.
From this point the story differs a little
from that told by the Secretary's friends.
Mr. Morton, so it is said, immediately sent
to a private detective agency and engaged
a man to go with him wherever business
or pleasure might call. That is to say, as
long as he was in San Francisco. His
friends claim that the Secretary was not
the least worried over the threatening let
ters, but to the contrary was inclined to
treat them as a joke.
In any event, either he or his friends
thought enough of the situation to try and
find the author. For weeks the "sleuths"
have been following up every possible
clew, but, so far, without avail. During"
Mr. Morton's brief stay in this City there
was a rugged, rough-looking stranger near
at hand, whether the place was the the
atei, the dining table or the streetcar.
Of course, Mr. Morton was never In
the slightest danger of assassination
while in San Francisco, but nevertheless
his visit was much shorter than orig
inally intended. Whether this was due
to the supposed leaden notes of the''pil
ver crank's" letters or a longing for the
goldbugs of home will probably never be
known.
That Secretary Morton'B visit to the
West convinced him that it was silver and
not gold the people wanted may be seen
from the following extract from an inter
view recently had in Washington:
"There is no hope of electing gold can
didates anywhere in the West, and right
in San Francisco, where tney have more
than a hundred million of gold coin in the
vaults of their banks, where deposits are
paid in gold by specific contract, and
where greenbacks have never been good
enough for them, the people are crying
silver. California is not a silver-producing
State. It is a gold-producing State, and
it is extraordinary that the people of that
State should prefer silver money to gold."
PEPPER OF LOS ANGELES TALKS.
Replies in Bitter Phrase to Baker's Pub-
lished Statement— War of the
Bimetallists.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June B.—Con
siderable interest has been awakened here
among the silver party adherents over the
controversy in The Call between Messrs.
Ufieil and Pepper on the one hand and
G. W. Baker of Oakland on the other.
Pepper's attention was to-day called to
Baker's statements, printed in Sunday's
Call, anent the late letter of J. J. Mott,
chairman of the American Bimetallic
Union to himself (Pepper). After a care
ful reading of Baker's statement and
Udell's letter, contained in the same issue,
Pepper said:
'•Mr. Baker seems determined to mis
understand and pervert the substance of
Chairman Mott's letter to me, a correct
synopsis of which was printed in Thk
Call under date of Los Angeles, June 3,
which I read and now approve. The dis
patch said nothing about the 'officers of
the Bimetallic Union' baying been
changed by the National committee, as
was alleged by Baker in his letter to The
Call. Mr. Mott's letter very appro
priately recognized me as chairman of the
California State Executive Committee, and
directed me to attend to the work of or
ganizing the silver party in this State, to
the end that a strong and able delegation
go to the National Convention of our party
on July 22 at St. Louis. As correctly,
quoted by Mr. Udell, Mr. Mott says:
" 'As chairman of the State Committee
you are in authority over the State and
have the power to name committees, pro
visionally, for the Congressional districts
and order the work.' Only this and noth
ing more.
"I am gratified to learn that Mr. Baker
has some time to devote to the interests of
our party ; would that he had done so
months and month's ago. Had he, Mott's
letter of instruction to me would never
have been written. I have no desire to in
terfere with Mr. Baker's work in any man
ner whatever, but, as Mr. Udell says, our
Congressional district convention work
shall go forward regardless of Baker or
any one else. We have Mott's instruc
tions in black and white and we propose
to abide by them to the best of our ability.
"Mr. Baker had been derelict in his
attention to silver interests in the State so
long that I suppose Chairman Mott saw fit
to discipline him. I read with pleasure
the comments of Mr. Udell. He is right.
But this is the first intimation that I ever
had that Mr. Baker is so intimately con
nected with the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company.
"I desire to state further that our organi
zation, of which Mr. Udell is secretary,
antedates, in point ox time, any other silver
organization in this State, and I believe in
the United States; and further.it sprang
from the people here, and their popular
conventions for that purpose, held at Mc-
Donald Hall, in the city of Los Angeles, in
the winter of 1894 and 1895.
"It makes me smile to see Baker prate
of bogus calls for conventions. If there is
anything bogus about this business It
emanates from Baker himself. I should
like to ask Mr. Baker where, how and from
whom did he acquire the title of chairman
of the Bimetallists of California. When
he has answered this question I may ask
him another."
The Congressional conventions referred
to in this controversy will be held as fol
lows: First District, at Santa Rosa, on
July 13; Second Di strict, bt Sacramento,
on July 14; Third District, at Oakland,
July 10; Fourth District at San Francisco,
July 11; Fifth District, at San Jose, July
8; Sixth District, at Los Angeies, July 11;
Seventh District, at Fresno, July 9.
REPLY TO MITCHELL.
Los Angeles "Long Hair*" Smile at Hi*
Published Boast*.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., June B.— The in
terview with John W. Mitchell of this
county, contained in Sunday's Call, has
been a source of considerable comment
and great amusement in political circles
here to-day.
"The Sagebrush statesman from Cahu
enga," observed a member of the "Long
NEW TO-DAY.
A
Straight
Cut
Of 10 per cent has been made on
everything in the house during our
Alteration Sale. All grades, all
prices, in Ready-Made Garments
discounted 10 per cent from our reg-
ular wholesale prices.
So reserve I Every piece of cloth
goes for 90 cents on the dollar.
Our urgent request to return any
article not satisfactory is a positive
guarantee.
COLOMBIAN
WOOLEN MILLS,
MARKET 541 STREET, '
Only Branch in 3. F., 211 Montgomery street.
Avoid firms Imitating our name and methods.
hairs" to a Call correspondent to-day,
"likes to air himself in print.
"He knows his crowd is beaten, horse,
foot and dragon, but still he pretends that
the railroad will send twenty-five or thirty
of the thirty-nine delegates to the State
Convention.
"And how ridiculous are his observations
about Gaffev and the Federal brigade.
The Mitchell-Last-Buck!ey-railroad crowd
was defeated in the late primaries by the
people."
The Creightons, editors of the Los An
geles Herald, the local Democratic organ,
said :
"Mr. Mitchell is shooting wide of the
mark in his remarks about the strength of
his faction in the County Convention. The
Mitchell-Last crowd is really not in it at
all. so far as the County Convention is
concerned if the others were disposed to be
pigtrish, but we are in favor of giving this
minority faction fair treatment and allow
it some delegates£to the State Convention.
The 'purity push,' as Mitchell calls us,
could shut those people out completely it
we had mind to.
"The instruction, however, will reflect
the sentiments of the majority and the
delegation to the State Convention will be
compelled to vote as a unit — so what is
the difference if some of the 'short-hairs'
are in it?
"The railroad will be outvoted two to
one, George S. Patton will be chairman of
next Saturday's convention, but all will be
treated fairly.
"A resolution may be projected into the
convention to recognize both factions from
San Francisco on eqaal terms, but it will
not carry. The delegation to the State
Convention will, in our judgment, favor
the Junta."
ARIRONS DEMOCRATS.
— —
Cleveland* Financial Policy Condemn**
and free Coinage Indorsed. -• . '
PHOENIX, Ariz., June B.— The Demo
cratic Territorial Convention elected six
delegates to tne Chicago Convention. The
platform denounces the financial policy of
Cleveland, and indorses free coinage of
silver at 16 to 1, without regard to the ac
tion of any other nation on earth. The
convention selected Mark A. Smith as
National Commltteeman. The delegates
are: W. H. Burbage, W. H. Barnes, J. F.
Wilson, J. L. B. Alexander, Wiley E.
Jones, Hugh Campbell.
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael. *
HEW TO-DAY.
This Lucky Number Proves to
Be the Mascot of Thou-
sands.
Why It Is So— What Has Been Ac-
complished in Connection
With 737.
You may reject all belief in omens.as they
are often founded upon superstition, but
the simple number of 737 may have much
to do in the shaping of your future happi-
ness and final destiny. The secret of this
lucky number is not revealed to you in
dreambooks, nor can you glean it from
the stars. You must loolt for it in another
direction. You can see thousands of men
and women in every grade and condition
of life who pin their faith to this number
and build their hopes upon it. The
affluent banker, the eminent lawyer, the
pious clergyman, the sturdy mechanic,
the sun-burnt farmer, the dashing broker,
the hardy miner, all elbow each other in
their eagerness to reach their Mecca.
737.
The vast throng who continue to daily
seek this number do so in quest of happi-
ness, with which they have not always
been blessed. Perhaps you, yourself, have
not. Possibly you have been foolish in
your younger days or indiscreet in after
years and now suffer the evil effects of it.
While you may be afflicted with no acute
disease, yet you are conscious of the fact
that something is wrong with you. You feel
that you are nervous and irritable. You
feel that your thoughts and ideas are dull
and often become confused. You feelithat
your sleep is bad, unrefreshing and some-
times disturbed by weakening dreams.
You feel that your energy and ambition
are gone. You feel that you are unfit for
study, business or the proper enjoyment
of either married or single life. You there-
fore meet with repeated failures and from
the depths of your gloom and mortifica-
tion you cry out that fate is against you,
never thinking that
737
Market street, San Francisco, holds the
key to your health, happiness and future
success. There,' at this well-known num-
ber you will find Dr. F. L. Sweany, who is
acknowledged to be the greatest living au-
thority on all chronic ailments of the hu-
man system. His specialty embraces not
only ev6ry form of nervous, sexual and
private diseases, but he addresses himself
in particular to diseases of the eye, ear,
heßd, throat, lungs, heart, stomach, liver,
bladder, kidneys and urinary organs. He
also effects a radical cure in tne shortest
possible time of piles, rupture, varicocele,
hydrocele, gleet, gonorrhoea, syphilis and
kindred troubles. Female complaints,
which make miserable the lives of a large
portion of the American women, receive
careful attention and perfect cures from
Dr. Sweany. If you are discouraged,
down-hearted or pain-tortured by any of
these or similar diseases and desire to get
rid of them and be restored to sound,
healthy manhood and womanhood, then
737
Solves the problem. Go to that number
this day. Don't fool away any more time
and money dosing with patent medicines
and other cheap remedies tnat will do you
no permanent good, but put yourself
under the skillful, scientific treatment of
Dr. Sweanv, whom you know will cure
you. He has brought about brilliant
results in apparently hopeless cases, in
proof of which ne has thousands of
genuine testimonials for private exhibi-
tion in his oflice. If you cannot call upon
Dr. Sweany describe to him, fully and
frankly, your troubles by letter. He will
then understand your condition thor-
oughly and tell you candidly whether or
not he can treat you successfully at your
own home by correitpondence and by
medicines sent. In this manner he con-
tinues to cure cases in all parts of the
country. The doctor's offices are now, as
they have been for many years past and
always will be in the future, located at 737
Market St., opposite the Examiner office,
San Francisco, Cal. His hours for con-
sultation and treatment are from 9 to 12
a. m., 2 to 5 and 7 to 8 p. m.; Sundays, 10
to 12 a. m. only. Having received the
benefit of this great physician's treatment
you will never forget the talismanio
number.
737.LAYMANCE CALLS
IT A BIG BLUFF
Fleming Formally Presents
His Protest From
Alameda.
MAY UPSET EVERYTHING
Credentials Issued to All Dele
gates Elected on the
Returns.
CONTEST IN THIRD WARD.
Alameda's Fate Will Be Settled by
the State Committee on
Credentials.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The Demo
cratic County Committee met to-night to
issue credentials and hear protests from
district* that claim that the results of last
week's primary were ODtained by fraud.
Chairman Laymance issued the creden
tials to all the delegates that the returns
showed to have been elected, with the ex
ception of the Third Ward. In that ward
W T . B. White, the defeated delegate, pre
sented a protest sustained by affidavits.
The leading affidavit was sworn to by
B. W. Worley, and the most damaging
statement in it is the following:
After Mr. White had stated his case the
matter was set over till next Saturday for
final settlement.
To the surprise of the committee the
much-talked-of contests from Alameda
were not presented, nor was anybody
present to raise any objection to the issu
ing of credentials to the Laymance dele
gates.
After the committee had adjourned
John T. Fleming of Alameda, vice-chair
man of the county committee, appeared at
headquarters and tola Chairman Lay
mance that he wished to enter a verbal
protest against the seating of the Lay
mance delegates from Alameaa.
"Our grounds are these," said Mr.
Fleming: "In the first place we were
refused a sufficient number of copies of the
roll to run the primaries as we desired.
We did not consider that under the call
the executive committee had anything
to do with the manner of con
ducting our primaries, as it disinctly
seated that the County Commit tee in an of
the district should supervise the primary.
\Ve claim that many Democrats were dis
franchised ; that one polling-place at Park
street was insufficient, as it required that
men should come three miles from the
other end of town to vote, and many j
stayed away on this account; we also as- |
sert tiiat if the primaries had been con- j
ducted under tne call, we could have !
elected our delegation by a vote of 2 to 1."
In explanation of his position, Mr.
Fleming said: "We opened a polling
place in the west end and kept it open all
duv. Four vote 3 were recorded in the
ballot-box, and we claim that if only one
vote iiad been deposited, it would be sutti- J
cient to uphold our contest. As vice
chahman of the County Committee, I
shall issue credentials to the delegates who
received those four votes."
Mr. Laymance stated that a verbal pro
test was not authentic and that Fleming
should have appeared before the whole
committee.
Mr. Fleming said he realized that a ver
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
pacific Coast Jockey Club. Ninety-fourth day. Monday, June 8, i 896. Weather fine.
■ Track good.
bal protest was of no avail, but that be
did it so as not to waive "any of his r'ghts.
He created some surprise by stating that
he had met Frank h. Gould at Stockton
and had conversed with him on the situa
tion.
A warm discussion took place between
Mr. Fleming and Mr. Kawson, another
comniitteeman from Alameda. Mr. Raw
son said that Mr. Fleming's account of
how things occurred over there was not
true, and Mr. Fleming declined to dis
cuss anything with anybody who could
not use gentlemanly language. Mr. Lay
mance smoothed matters over and Mr.
Flamming proceeded to outline his case.
When he said he had met Mr. Buckley
in San Francisco Mr. Laymance said ex
citedly: "There you are showing your
hand, old man. You've seen Frank Gould
and you met Buckley, and yet some of
your men say that I was helped by Buck
ley. L<*t me tell you what Buckley's man,
Rothschild, did to me the day of the pri
maries. He sent a special man over here to
serve some papers on me that would have
caused me a great deal of trouble, but I
was busy and not at my office, and 1 was
not served till next day. That's the kind
of hf)j> I got from Buckley.'.'
"Well, I'm not a Fiizgerald man,'' said
Fleming. "I merely tried to help out
Kearney. He is a Fitzgerald delegate and
is employed at the Mint, and, of course, a
man whether in the Custom-house or the
Mint has to get out and do politics once in
a while to hoid his job. Kearney is a man
with a large family and supports his
aged mother, and I just stood by him as
man to man. I have always been friendly
to Mr. Laymance, but I went into this to
help Kearney. If we had received ah the
clubrolls we" asked for everything would
have been all right. However, I realize
that this fight is not to De made here. I
shall issue credentials to the Fitzgerald
delegate and tnis matter will be fought
out at Sacramento.
"You will issue credentials to men who
received four votes and will disfranchise
| the 270 men who voted for the successful
| candidates. Now, look here, Fleming,
I you know perfectly well that this affair is
just one big, cold bluff. It won't work
though. I can promise you."
"Well, I came over here to perform an
uupJeasant duty," said Mr. Fleming. "I
I have done it, so good night, gentlemen,"
I and Mr. Fleming returned to Alameda.
On the result of these two protests hangs
! the fate of Foote and Fitzgerald. Ala
meda has four delegates and the Third
Ward has one. The returns showed that
the Laymance-Foote ticket had elected 21
out of 35, leaving 14 for Fitzgerald. Should
| the five delegates contested be given to Fitz
gerald, the figures will be Laymance 16,
Fitzgerald 19. Everybody realizes that
! merit will cut no figure in either fight at
Sacramento, but that all will depend on
the partisanship of the credentials com
mittee.
MORE TRANSFER ROWS
Two Disgraceful Streetcar
Brawls Took Place Yes
terday.
Spectators Supported the Passengers.
Mike Asheim and E. E. Howe
Arrested.
When the streets were crowded and the
street cars filled with passengers last even
ing a man, who had neglected to exchange
his check for a transfer, Doarded a Valen
ciar car at Powell and Market streets
bound west. After passing the junction
at Powell street he was summarily ejected
by the gripman and the conductor.
He attempted to get on the car again
and the scrimmage between him and the
car men was renewed. A crowd soon sur
rounded the combatants and as usual its
sympathies were all with the passenger.
The starter of the company, stationed at
the junction, ran to the aid of the grip
man and conductor, but was seized and
held back by several of the bystanders.-
Just then, Mike Asheim, a| peaceable
commercial traveler came out of a
restaurant near by, and getting into the
midst of the crowd was swept into the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
center of the street where he was arrested
by patrolman J. A. Ryan for disturbing
the peace. He immediately deposited $20
bail and was set at liberty.
The passenger who had been the un
witting cause of all the excitement in the
meantime boarded his car and rode away
without being further molested by the
scared employes of the company.
Several conductors and gripmen nlso
tried to eject a passenger from a Mc> lifter
street car on Market street, near 1 ogwell,
yesterday afternoon.
E. C. Howe, a young student, got on the
dummy of the car, and along wi h the
others shouted to the passenger to hold
on. Detective Crockett jerked Howe off
the car and told him to keep his mouth
shut.
Howe answered that he was doing noth
ing wrong, and Crockett could arrest him
if he felt that way. Crockett then grabbed
him by the arm so bard that it was black
and blue and took him to the City Prison.
A mob followed hooting and jeering.
At the prison Howe was booked for ob
structing the street and disturbing the
peace- Judge Conlan was holding court
and wh«n the facts were explained to him
released Howe on his own recognizance.
"If this sort of thing does not stop," said
the Judge, "some one will get killed. Justas
I was coming to the court there were sev
eral hundred people round a car at Seventh
and Market streets, and the conductor and
gripman were trying to eject a passenger."
MISS MARIE MILLARD.
This Charming Young Prlma Donna
Made Her San Francisco Debut at
the Tivoli Last Evening.
Miss Marie Millard, the charming daugh
ter of Harrison P. Millard, the well-known
Bong writer, made her San Francisco debut
at the Tivoh last evening in the comic
opera of "Lorraine." Miss Millard as
Madeline is pretty and sweet-voiced
enough to win the love of a king let alone
that of Lorraine, the young soldier, who is
unaware of his ancestry. In the tender
sentiment- of this rather martial play, the
song love of the couple bloom into no \v
ers of sweetest melody.
The young prima donna is more than a
charming singer; she is an actress, bright,
unaffected and thorough in every detail of
her role, her stage appearance demon
strating the excellent histrionic training
given by her late father.
The staging of "Lorraine" also marks
the ieappearanceof Miss Louise Royce, an
old favorite. John J. Raffael, W. H. West,
Ferris Hartman, Martin Pache, Anna
Schnabel and Irene Mull are also cast in
the roll. The costumes and stage effects
are well adapted to the bright music, and
doubtless good houses will greet the opera
during this week. •
GENEROUS SOUTH-SIDERS.
A Large Amount of Money Cleared on
the Benefit Given to William Daley.
The Southside Club met last night at 514
Fourth street for the purpose of presenting
to Mrs. Daley the proceeds of the benefit
tendered by the club last Saturday night
to her son, William Daley.
Treasurer O'Connor reported that $730
had been netted by the entertainment,
which was one of the largest of its kind
ever held in this City. William Daley, for
whom the benefit was given, has been suf
fering from cancer of the throot for several
months, and nis friendsgaye the entertain
ment to assist him in meeting his expenses
for medical aid.
•—•• — • »
Slitter-Street Railway Election. CV
The stockholders of lhe Sutter-street Ranway
Company, in annual session yesterday, elected
the following officers: President, R. F. Mor
row; vice-president, J. L. Schmitt; secretary,
A. K. Stevens; treasurer, Maurice Schmitt:
superintendent, Johnson Reynolds. Including
the president and vice-president the board of
directors elected was as follows: W. G. Morrow,
J. Naphtaly and E. Durbrow.
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To-Day 's Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleside Track.
In races where the horses have no record »i the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are glvon.
AobreTiatlons— F., fast; Fa., fair: H., hearr; m., mile; f., furlong; •, about.
THE ERRATIC DUKE AGAIN
At Odds of 20 to 1 Duke Stevens
Fooled the Bookies a Sec
ond Time.
TWO CHOICES WON PURSES.
Levena C Beaten Out in an Excitine
Finish— Clancy Took the Hurdle
Event on Artemus.
If the notorious old rogue Duke Stevens
were to line up at lunch time to a tooth
some bran mash or a bundle of sweet
alfalfa hay and Jockey Charlie Weber hap
pened along on the scene it is dollars to
doughnuts the Duke would lose his appe
tite. But nevertheless he will exert him
self for Weber, something he will not do
for any other jockey. On June 4he sad
dened the camp of the bookmakers by
winning a five-furlong scramble in a big
romp, backed down from odds of 30 to 1.
Yesterday he was one of ten starters in
the last race of the day at halt a furlong
further, with Weber on his back. The
bookies laid 20 to 1 against him at one
stage of the betting, and at the conclusion
of the run they once more had cause for
repentance.
Thelma was a 7 to 5 favorite, but when
the field was started Nell Flaherty carried
the webbing away with her, and Snider,
on the first choice, fearful of being entan
gled in the flying band, pulled his mount
up. Weber shouted the old familiar war
cry in the ear of the Duke and off he
sailed. Never pressed, he won pulling up
by three lengths. Easel, al2to 1 chance,
who kept him close company to the bend
for home, took the place by a neck from
Gracie S, a 6 to 1 outsider." The winner
was backed down to 10 to 1 around post
time.
The programme did not call out the bet
ter class of horses, and up to the victory of
Duke Stevens the talent had been groping
along in an uncertain way, barely holding
its own. Montgomery and Carnation,
both odds on choices, were the only ones
that justified the support accorded them.
The finish to the record event, a six-fur
long sprint, although resulting in the de
feat of the 8 to 5 favorite, Levena C, was a
very close and exciting contest. After
making all of the running, the first choice
was joined by San Marco and Clacquer less
than a furlong from the wire, and finish
ing next the rail, H. Martin on San
Marco got his mount past the line a head
in front of the favorite, with Clacquer
beaten but a nose for the place. The books
had 5 to 1 against the winner.
Tortoise got out of the maiden class, in
the opening four furlong scramble for two
year olds. The Lone stable's Vivo was a
slight favorite over El Ladrone. Tortoise
came through at the end, and won by
three-parts of a length, with £1 Ladrone a
length before Billy Vice.
Belirinser was an even-money chance
for the mile and a sixteenth hurdle event,
but had an opportune fir of the sulks and
was never in the chase. Artemus, with
Clancy up, made all of the running and
at the end won easily from Huntsman,
with Arundel finishing in the show. The
winner was 3 to 1 in the books.
The 4 to 5 favorite, Montgomery, led his
field throughout in the fourth raco, a six
furlong spin, passing the judges ridden
out a leneth clear of Cadenza, an 8 to 1
chance. Lucille, one of the second choices,
was a close third.
Jockey Piggott evidently reposed great
confidence in Carnation, the 3 to 5 favorite
for the six furlong show that followed.
Getting away from the post none too well,
he let his mount fall still farther back, not
cutting loose until in the stretch, when he
won easily at the end by three parts of £
length from Big Chief, a long-priced out
sider.
CLOSE OF RACING SEASON.
A Great Programme at Ingrleside
To-Morrow— lt Will Not Be
"Ladies' Day."
To-morrow marks the close of the racing
season in San Francisco, and the Ingleside j
management are making preparations to
see that it is celebrated as the occasion de
serves. Money will not be spared, and the
big crowd that attends will witness some
grand sport. Long-distance racing has
proved so popular that a handicap over
two and a quarter miles for a $-500 purse
has been arranged, with an addtional $500
added if the winner breaks the world's
record of 3:56*4, held jointly by Preakness
and Springbok.
The following horses have entered for
the big event: Cabrillo, imp. Fullerton
Lass, Senator Bland, Wawona, Little Crip
ple, St. Lee, Flirtilia, Thornhill, Rey del
Bandidos, imp. Ivy, Articus and Two
Cheers.
Another splendid attraction will be a
handicap at seven furlongs, banning to
gether the best three-year-olds on the
track, among them : Peru, Yankee Doodle,
Belle Boyd, Summer Time and Walter J.
For the first time since the popular in
novation was introduced "ladies' day"
will be dispensed with. An immense
throng is looked for, and there will be lit
tle vacant space to spare for those who
pay the usual admission charge. Ingle
side has been very kind to the fair sex,
and there is no cause for complaint on this
score.
Atkins and Lottridge will leave for
Windsor, Canada, on Saturday with a
string of six horses. Among them are
Belle Boyd, Scarborough, El Ladrone and
Quantrell, two very shifty maidens that
will win their way out.
Tortoise pulled up lame after winning
the two-year-old event.
Hanford, who was well backed at long i
odds to win the fifth race, was over- J
anxious on his road to the post and ran
away over two miles with Tommy Butler.
Rumors have been floating around that
Road Warmer and one or uwo other horses
were piloted by iockeys who carried an
electric battery. "Weber, who rode Duke
Stevens, was searched for one, but was
found "not guilty."
Tommy Lottridge has severed his busi
ness connections with Bookmaker George
Rose, and it is said the ex-trainer and pen
ciler do not speak as they pass by. The
coldness is said to have sprung up since
the win of Belle Boyd on June 5, wi.en the
stable is said to have taken in the neigh
borhood of $6000 out of the ring.
CAME FOR MACHINERY.
S. Koenigsberg, a Russian Min
ing Expert, May Buy
Mines Here.
S. Koenigsberg, general manager of
some very rich gold, copper and platinum
mines in the Ural Mountains, is at the
Palace Hotel. Mr. Koenigsberg arrived
on the steamer Alameda. He has hitherto
been in Soutn Africa, Australia and New
Zealand, in all of which country his com
pany owns gold and copper mines.
Mr. Koenigsberg is one of the most
eminent mining engineers in Russia. His
company is very rich. He says the mines
in the Ural Mountains which the com- [
pany owns are worth the extraordinary
sum of about $2,000,000.
The mines employ about 5000 men di
rectly and indirectly, but the methods of
mining there are very primitive.
"One of the objects I have in coming
here is to study your methods of mining,"
he said, "and the machinery that is used.
I expect to buy a very large plant of the i
finest American machinery when I have
found out exactly what I want.
"I shall go from here to Colfax and ex
amine a number of mines there, and then
to Nevada City. I have many letters to
different mine-owners at those places.
"Whether we will buy some mines here
depends on the mines and the price. I
shall report on some of them to my com
pany. The company owns a great many
mines in different parts of the world.
"We want only gold and copper mines. !
We do not care to look at any other kind. I
"Our mines in the Ural Mountains are i
on the Siberian dde and 4000 miles from i
St. Petersburg. They ara 300 miles from j
any railroad and it requires six days of !
travel by rail alone. The mines are in the |
province of Perm, the richest mining re
gion in Russia. The mines are very rich
and very big.
"I have been away from home a long i
time now and have in my investigations j
traveled nearly around the world.
"I 6hall spend several weeks in Cali
fornia, examining mines and making ex- j
pert reports on such properties as I think !
are worth considering. Then I. will go to
Montana, where 1 will visit the copper
and gold mines and then go on to Michi
gan. I will examine the great copper
mines of Lake Superior."
. \ AN you afford to have ' -
your face and hands filled with pimples
and blood blotches ? If you can— if you
want boils in your hair, on your face, on
your body, all over yourself— if you wish
great big sarsaparilla trademarks on your
face — use a sarsaparilla containing iodide
of potassium. If you want a clean face, a
clean stomach, a clean body, use •
4f^___ fe
; TESTIMONIAL.
The Edw. W. Joy Company — Sirs : I
have been a sufferer from a Horrible blood !
disease for the last five years. Have suf- j
fered untold misery, both bodily and men-
tally. Have used Joy's Vegetable Sarsa-
parilla continually, and have derived
wonderful from it. i -"
I had .ruined ray stomach by taking i
mercury ' and potash until; I became a j
chronic dyspeptic, ! unable to retain the ■ .
least solid on my stomach. At the writ- j
ing can eat anything and digest it thor-
oughly without any inconvenience. When
I commenced taking Joy's Vegetable
Sarsauarilla I weighed. 125 pounds, now I
weigh 160 pounds, teel well, eat well and \
beiieve I am well, but will continue taking j
the remedy right alo'njr. '
You may publish, tbis, as I want all suf-
ferers to be benefited by my experience.
(Signed) MR. THOMAS Q. BROWN,
.;,;;■; Mayfiela, Cal.
SHUN THE SUBSTITUTE,
c ßubinstein' s beautiful "Toreador et Andalouse" and the "Chant B
Voyagcur" by Paderewski, will be rendered by the Grand EMPO- %.
RIUM Orchestra at the Concert to-night. See the full program ||
DOORS OPEN JIT 7:30. CONCERT BEGINS AT BP. CM. (5
SAN FRANCISCO, June 9, 1896. |
SPECIAL SELLING TO-DAY OF I
CHILDREN'S REEFERS 1
AND COATS. I
At 8 o'clock this morning we will start the sale of ft
7£o Reefers and Cloaks for Children, ages ito 5 years. H
A manufacturer wishing to close out the balance of §
his Summer stocks asked us for an offer. — We made fi
an absurdly low one. — He accepted, and to-day you |l
shall have these pretty little garments, made of Fancy I
Pique, Imported Fancy Crepes, Ladies' Cloth, Benga- ■«
line Silk, etc., at 1
ONE-QUARTER THEIR ACTUAL VALUE. I
Pique Reefers - - - - 69c, 98c, $1.29 up to $2.98 |
Children's Cloaks - - 98c, $1.29, $1.59 up to $4.98 |
Take First Elevator to the left of Rotunda. jg
EXHIBIT OF CHILDREN' SWEAR IN EAST SHOW WINDOW. V
Children's In connection with the '
, „, big sale in the Chil-
Lawn dren's Department
Hats* we will offer a line of
Children's Hats and
Caps at half their actual value.
Prices during the sale will be 10c,
14c, 27c, 49c, 55C» up to $3.48.
Millinery An exquisite collection
w\ ' »♦ of imported and domes-
Uep v tic Hats and Bonnets—
J. models from some
0_ of the .world's
sT"]_ most celebrated
/[-I milliners; especial
?*/ attention given to
M£~?\ Mourning Milli-
„ /7,~ ■k'-sjSS^yn nery.
irV-VM MILAN STRAW
7 V^S SAILOR HATS,
V 'l 1 in blue, white or
L_<^_^- . . black, 40c to 60c.
, x '^i Imported Sailor
' •_? fer"* Ha . $h «4, $s-
■3*^ ■ A full line of
Children's Hats, 40c to $1.75.
Large assortment of LEGHORN
FLATS, from $1.10 to $1.25.
Trimmed Hats for Children from
imported designs, $2.50, $3, $4, $5.
Also an importation of the swell
"Cqnsuelo" Sailor Hat has just been
received.
Towels* Huck Towels, $1 a dozen.
r v 100 dozen Huck Towels,
Lrasn. S j ze 18x40 inches, regular
price $I.3s— cut price to-day $i per
dozen.
Cotton Crash, 3 i-2c per yard — 16-
-inch Twilled Cotton Crash— the kind
usually sold at 5c a yard. Price cut
to-day, 3 i-2c.
Men's Hats.
At Si. 35 Each — Fedoras — not
the cheap quality retailed at 85c
and $1, but the extra $2.50 kind
reduced for this sale — colors
black, brown and otter.
At $2.00 Each— The EMPORIUM
Derby a recognized $3.50 Hat.
We have sold hundreds of them
since the opening 'of the store,
and every customer is pleased
with his bargain. Colors brown
or black.
Boys' Hats.
At 25c — Boys' and Youths'
Straw Hats.
At 25c Each— Children's "Rob Roy"
and "Yacht" Caps— endless
variety.
Thin Stuffs The largest and
r~- c - -.- most exquisite
lor summer collection of print-
Dresses. ' Ed cottons ever
shown here. Sec-
tions of the Dress Goods Depart-
ment, are devoted to Wash Fabric
selling, and lively selling it is, since
people are becoming better acquainted
with the quality and prices. Vaca-
tion almost here — has come
when ; you must get your vacation
dresses ready. Will goods and prices
like these be an inducement to you ?
At 5c a Yard— 40 pieces Johnson's
Bookfold Gingham — never sold
less than 10c a yard regularly.
At ioc a Yard— 6o pieces of 37-inch
Percale — fast colors — brand new
designs —an extra value for
12 i-2C. '•
At 12 i-2c a — Golf Suitings —
entirely new fabric for Outing
Suits that will do up well and pos-
sesses satisfactory wearing quali-
ties — 15 colors and patterns —
actual value 20c a yard.
At 15c a Yard— Covert Suiting— an-
;; other new Wash Fabric — much
superior to Duck— in plain or
mixed brown and mixed gray
effects— also narrow stripes in
the same colorings — be a
value at 20c per yard. '
At ijc a Yard— Russian . Canvas
Cloth — 30 inches wide— great
demand for seaside and moun-
tain frocks. Better grade 38
inches wide at 29c and 35c a yard.
At 38c a Yard— A very choice collec-
tion of Silk-mixed Scotch Zephyrs
— full 30 inches — very de-
sirable for waists. . Not sold here
before for less than. 50c.
Department T^/ fLM*^' ~$ *
. fw^^^^^j^AßßET street;
San Pram a sco, (/\ljf
Letters requesting samples- or orders for goods should be addressed '
"The Emporium Mail Order Department." ,
— ;
PROGRAM, j
TUESDAY, JUNE 9th, BP. M. j
PART I. . I
1. March, "The Rainmakers" - - Gray
2. Overture, "Festival" Leuttier
3. Walti, "Estudiantina," Waldteuffel
4. Polka, '"Pi^icato" - Strauss '
5. Toreador et vAndalouse • - Rubinstein |
6. {Melody, "Chant Vqyageur" - - - 1
----- - Paderewski !
7. Fantasie, "Tannhauser" • - Wagner i
TART 11. I
8. Overture. "Light Cavalry" - ■ Suppe . ,
9. Walt^, "Blue Danube" Strauss
to. March," Emporium" • • tMarquardt ''
11. German War Rockets -- - Conradi I
12. Air Louis XIII Ghys I
13. Totpourri, "The Rambler c ßendit ;
14. Galop, "^Awakening of the Lion"
Kegel
— ______
11 Picturesque I ?*. fin l e . st l boo ! < ,
America." of the kind pub- 1
America. Hshed in the
United States. Contains 700 pages,
with illustrations of American Scenery
on each page and 30 full-page steel
engravings. Originally published
and sold only by subscription at $10
in Cloth and $12 50 in Half-Russian.
We have just purchased all the copies
of this book remaining in the hands
of the publishers for OUR BOOK
I DEPARTMENT, and now offer it ex-
clusively in the Pacific Coast States :
Cloth, $3.50 ; by mail, $4 25.
Half-Russian, $4.75; by mail, $5.50. 1
The number of copies limited. When
sold it will be impossible to obtain more.
I Trimming Our !ate opening this
! Qnor'ale ** season compels us to
j opeCiaiS. sell Trimmings about
half the prices they were manufac-
tured to sell for. An immense stock
to select from— a stock of such mag-
nitude that an immediate clearance is
necessary.
At iSc a Yard— Spangled gilt braid —
bead — different colorings.
Would be a bargain at 25c.
At 8c a Yard— One row spangled
iridescent colors a regular 15c
trimming pieces only.
At 8c a Yard— Jet edgings— a good
15c quality— 17 pieces left.
At roc a Yard— Another line of jet
edging 14 varieties on linen
thread beads — fall off —
regular 20c value.
At 58c a Yard— Iridescent Spangled
Band on Net— rich colorings and i
latest creations— actual value 75c. 1
Pianos. A complete Music Store at ■
riaiiua. theEMPO RiUM-oneof 1
#the most complete '
/%Y of our many de-
>^\V_ partments. Pianos, <
i-^. I __\_ t -? all kinds of Mv- j
-sgy^fcii.^^ sical Instruments
fcp and an immense ;
*fp^ip^p^^ stock of Sheet <
__ II "rs£ Music at popular '
I *^sJ3iL S prices. Among ,
"•^l__, &■*• the Pianos w e
havethe"SHAW,"
the popular "NEW ENGLAND" and
our own Home Industry the "HEINE." <
IWe can sell you a good new Piano, '
with stool and cover, for $i#>, such ,
as others would charge you $300 for. ,
I
Musical Instruments, f '
I
Guitars from ----- $3.00 up '
Mandolins from - - - • 2.90 up I
Banjos from 3.2$ up <
| Violins from - - $1.00 to $1000.00 (
Accordions, Concertinas, Harmon- j
j icas, etc., and all the trimmings and '
I necessary adjuncts in connection with
{ them. " - ••■■)
NOTE — A talented Pianist at your
I bidding in the Sheet-Music Depart- ,
ment to play any piece you may de- <
sire to hear. '
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.15
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by man — 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Call, three months by mail 1.50
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mail.. .85
Sunday Call, one year, by mall 1.60
Vi *£k.jly Call, one year, by mail -.. 1-50
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you going to the country on a vacation? If
to, it is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
NO EXTRA CHARGE.
BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main-ISC*
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
' Telepboae..... Matn-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
630 Montgomery street, corner Clay: open until
9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
bW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open ,
mntll 9 o'clock. . ■ '
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
118 is inth street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
808 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Jtooms 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New York City.
- DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Agent-
TUESDAY..... JCNH 9, 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
This year California will be solid.
St. Louis will soon, forget all about that
cyclone.
Weyier should go back to Spain to look
after the anarchists.
The Iroquois called it a picnic, but the
braves took their tomahawks alone.
"Wherever there is a walkover on the
programme, there is liable to be a surprise
party.
Every movement at St. Louis will be
lively and every one at Chicago will be
deadly.
Everybody looks to the Republican Na
tional Convention to settle every problem
in sight.
Whatever action is taken at St, Louis
will be cordially ratified by the whole
country.
"Free silver and Grover's record" is the
way the Democrats will fit the war cry to
the straddle.
There will be many stalwart fighters at
the Republican Convention, but they will
not be there to fight.
The Democrats will probably put up
Boies to be defeated this year, on the
ground that he is used to it.
It may be truly said of the Eastern
windstorms that they travel in circles, for
there seems to be no end to them.
It is patriotism to protect the homes of
America, and it is also patriotism to pro
tect the wages that maintain the homes.
About all that Pattison or llussell can
aspire to at Chicago will be that of serving
as a golden tail to soniebod3 r 's silver kite.
It is said that unless all signs fail Con
jrress will adjourn this week, but we have
not heard that any one is betting the odds
on it.
If Cleveland bolts the Democratic party
he will have to go to England. There is
no place in this country for him to break
away to.
The Republicans of Kansas adopted no
plank on the money question. Whatever
is done at St. Louis will be good enough
for them.
The golden promises of fruit crops in the
Kast have begun to fade away, but in Cal
ifornia they are brightening with every
ray of sunshine.
Now is the time to look out for roor
backs and canards, for the silly season
has begun and is setting in with more
than usual severity.
Between the cyclones and th«> floods, life
in the prairie States is a3 full of vicissi
tudes os a melodrama and as uncertain as
a Democratic convention.
The Republican Convention will not
throw away its golden opportunities for
the sake of pleasing a few goldbugs. This
is going to be a bimetallic year.
The Dreibund cannot agree on the Arme
nian question nor on the Cretan question,
and would now be much obliged if some
one would ask another conundrum.
When Congress adjourns and Cleveland
goes fishing, the country will enter upon
its summertime rest and get ready for the
grand march for protection in the fall.
The municipal campaign is some dis
tance off, but the people are already be
ginninc to ask what has become of the
public money and those pledges of econ
omy.
If it be true that the Cubans have en
listed women in their army the defeat of
the Spaniards is easily explained. There
are very few soldiers who can resist a
woman.
The earth whirls through space at the
rate of nineteen miies a second, and even
at th»t rate it hardly moves fast enough
to keep up with the Democratic party
going down bill.
The rapidity with which the Republican
clubs of the State are increasing their
membership is one of the best si<?ns of the
time. It means that Californians are to be
in the van for progress and prosperity.
, As the British expedition up the Nile
has got far enough along to win a victory
over the dervishes, the ice of the campaign
may be said to have been broken, and we
may now look to hear that the expedition
is in hot water.
There will be more trouble and friction
in the movements of the Democratic State
Convention at Sacramento than in the
great Republican National Convention at
St. Louis. The one will come together for
a fight and the other will assemble to or
ganize victory.
The weather record of the prairie States
this season has been something terrific.
Cyclones, tornadoes, cloudbursts and
floods have followed one another with
appalling rapidity, and the destruction of
property has been almost as great as the
cost of a considerable war, while the loss
of life equals that of a great battle.
CONTEMPT OF COURT
The circumstances under which C. ,K.
McClatchy, managing editor of the Sacra
mento Bee, was sentenced by Judge Catlin
to a fine of $500 for contempt of court are
such as t« justly excite comment through
out the State. From the facts as reported
it seems clear the Judge has carried too far
the power of the courts to punish for con
tempt, and has trespassed not only upon
the lawful liberty of the press, but upon
the constitutional rights of citizens.
The facts of the case as published are
these. In the suit of Talmadge vs: Tal
madge, a divorce case being heard in the
Superior Court of Sacramento with open
doors before Judge Catlin, one of the
parties to the suit, C. V. Talmadge. under
cross-examination made charges reflecting
upon an attorney for the other side, who
was cross-examining him. The Bee pub
lished what it claims to have been a fair
and true report of that portion of the
testimony. The next day the attention of
the court was called to the publication,
and the Judge, speaking from the bench,
declared it to be "a grossly false state
ment — a gross fabrication." He added,
moreover: "There was not the slightest
ground in the testimony of Mr. Talmadge
upon which such a statement could be
based."
To this declaration of the Judge the Bee
retorted by affirming the essential truth
of its report, and added: "There is no
paper anywhere that has a higher regard
for fair and impartial courts than has the
Bee, but there is no paper anywhere that
has a supremer contempt for a Judge who
will approve the unmitigated falsehood of
an attorney as Judge Catlin to-day ap
proved the brazen misstatement of Judge
J. B. Devine."
For this "attack on the court" Editor
McClatchy was summoned to answer for
contempt. He claimed the right to prove
that his publication of the testimony was
an accurate and true report. His wit
nesses to prove the fact were the witness
Talmadge who had given the evidence in
dispute and other persons in the court
room who heard it, Judge Catlin, how
ever, refused to accept the evidence. He
would not permit the truth to be proven
or even inquired into, but pronounced
Editor McClatchy guilty of contempt
and subjected him to a fine of $500.
This arbitrary action of the Judge not
only ignored or set aside as of no force
the Barry law restricting courts in
punishing for contempt to such acts as
are committed in the presence of the
court, but also deprived the accused of his
right to justify himself by proving the
truth and fairness of hia publication.
In pronouncing judgment in the case —
the full text of which is published fn the
Bee June 6— the Judge made the curious
remark: "The answer of the defendant in
this case does not present anything in the
way of diminishing or extenuating the
charges. It merely reiterates and justifies
them. ?i Merely justifies them! "What
would Judge Catlin have in bis court?
What is he paid for but to hear evidence
and do justice? When a man can Justify
himself by proving the truth he certainly
has a right to do so, and it is an extremely
arbitrary action on the part of a Judge to
forbid it.
As the Judge icnored the Barry law, it
seems he regards it as unconstitutional.
If the Supreme Court should uphold him in
this it will then be in order to amend the
constitution. The principle of that law is
essential to the liberty of the press and the
risihts of citizens, and Editor McClatchy is
fighting for the common good of all when
he opposes such arbitrary action on the
part of the courts.
THE TAX DODGERS.
A very much needed reform movement
in San Francisco is the organization of a
taxpayers' leacue. There are men who
are honest in the everyday affairs of life,
but who appear to think it no wrons: to
commit perjury to evade paying an honest
debt to the City or State; as a matter of
fact, however, there is no difference be
tween lying out of a debt to an individual
and lying out of a debt to a municipality.
Some men regard ft as an exhibition of
good business sense to undervalue their
property holdings to the Assessor, but, in
fact, it is an exhibition of dishonest pur
pose.
When a railway corporation is assessed
less than 25 per cent of its value as secur
ity for loans the presumption is that it
has deceived the Assessor or the money
lender. In swearing that the Market
street Railway system is worth only $4,
-000,000 when it is to be assessed for taxa
tion, and then swearing thai the property
is ample security for a loan of $17,000,000,
the inference is that an immense amount
of perjury was indulged in. The man who
returns bis personal property at a valua
tion that is two-thirds or four-fifths below
its real value may find consolation enough
in the saving of taxes to justify the act,
but he is. in the inner meaning of the
term, a refugee from justice.
The tax-dodger does not lessen the re
quirements of the Government for
expense money. He merely shifts the
debt he owes the Government to the
shoulders of those who could not, if
they would, and would not if they could,
lie out of it. It is the great middle class
that have to make good the underassess
ments of those who think it smart to rob
the Government, and it is this class that
should inaugurate a taxpayers' league
movement. There is Jaw enough to com
pel the equalization of the burden of
maintaining the government of San Fran
cisco, but it needs an organization that
will see that the law is enforced without
fear or favor.
COME TO CALIFORNIA.
With nearly every day come accounts
of the ravages of the cyclone or the
tornado in the valleys of the Mississippi
and Missouri rivers. It is not surprising,
perhaps, that people will persist in living
in a region that is likely to be storm-swept
any moment, for it is a pretty good agri
cultural country and a very lame percent
age of the people are fairly wejl circum
stanced. Grain crops, however, are not
always certain to escape drought, grass
hoppers, hot winds and the several
other ills that prairies are heir to, but
when ali goes well life tuere is worth
living.
The surprising thing is, though, that
after the people have been caressed by a
blizzard or two; blown up and down and
across the wild, bleak and treeless prairies
by a cyclone: struck two or three times by
lightning, and washed away by a cloud
burst, they do not coma to California,
where the climate is faultless; the air
pure and wholesome; seeding and harvest
time coming without variableness; where
crops are always bountiful, and where
peace, joy and good health come to all
without the asking. The only drawback
to California is that people live so lons
that they are deprived for so many years
of that blissful peace which awaits the
righteous when the mortal coil is shuffled
off.
The people of California overflow with
sorrow when they hear how those who
live beyond the mountains are being storm
swept and grasshopper eaten, and they
are ready with their gold and silver to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
repair the wrecks of the wild-rushing tor
nado, but they urge those living over there
to come to one of the valleys of the eolden
coast country and live as human beings
may and should live.
TROUBLES OF THE DEMOCRACY
The pronunciamento of Chairman Har
rity of the National Committee, com
manding Democrats everywhere to get
ready to rally to the support of the Chi
cago nominees without stopping to ask
who they are or what they stand for, is
not meeting with the hearty and cheerful
obedience that was expected. The Phila
delphia Record says the Democracy "can
not be spitted and held fast to the wall"
under any and all circumstances. The
Record admits that as to "matters of prin
ciple" the majority should govern, but it
i» quite different when it comes to "mat
ters of fact." and then it clinches its
argument for a bolt if the silver men
control by saying that "there can be no
submission of judgment. When a major
ity shall essay to convert the National
Convention into a Populist ratification
meeting, true Democrats must be counted
out."
The Record points out the predeter
mined course of the single standard wing
of the party if the silver wing shall control
the convention. The Record stands very
close to the administration, and therefore
we may conclude that it speaks by au
thority when it says in effect that the will
of the majority is not always binding.
This is a new Democratic doctrine, but it
aopears to have a good many converts
already, and no douot it will draw still
more to it after the Chicago convention.
The theory of the Cleveland following is
that while as a rule the will of the ma
jority should govern, there may be times
when the majority persists in departing
from the faith, and that at such times the
minority must take the bull by the horns,
so to speak, and rule or ruin. No doubt
Cleveland believes that the party, which
he delivered from its hiding, has fallen
under the baleful influence of such per
sons as ex-Republican Boies and ex-
Democrat Bland, and that no self-respect
ing Democrat would help them turn the
Chicago convention into a Populist ratifi
cation meeting, or be bound in any way to
submit his own sound judgment to the
vaparies of such people. """^
This means that the only way to
prevent a bolt, and hence the destruc
tion of the party, is for the major
ity to submit unconditionally to the will
of the minority. The withdrawal of the
gold standard minority would not mean a
coalition of silver Democrats and Popu
lists. The Populists have aiready de
clared that they will receive recruit 3 from
other parties, but that in no event will
they form a copartnership. Of course, the
Populists could not alone hope to carry
the country, nor could the silver Demo
crats, hence to convert the Chicago con
vention into a Popuiist ratification meet
ing would be the consistent thing to do.
No one sincerely believes that were the
Populists and silver Democrats to consoli
date their forces they could elect their
candidate. But it so happens that the
leaders of the silver movement in the
Democratic party draw their inspiration
from ix desire for personal political prefer
ment, and that the doctrine of free silver
coinage is merely a means to reach the
desired end, and the same is true of the
leaders of the Populist organization.
Thus, it will be seen, there could be no
coalition.
But notwithstanding the contemplated
bolt of the single standard minority of the
Democratic party, and the impossibility
ot an offensive and defensive agreement
between the Democrats and Populists, the
Republican party should prepare for the
coming battls just as though all the oppo
sition parties would be in the field and as
allies. It will not do to trust to anything
for victory but the party's own strength.
There may be one chance in ten thousand
that the Populists, the free silver Demo
crats and the National Silver League will
join their forces under one banner, but if
there be only one chance in a million that
such a combine will be made, it matters
not. Tne Republican party should take
no chances at all.
ADJOURNMENT OF CONGRESS
Most likely Congress will adjourn to
day. The deficiency bill passed yesterday,
and as that waa the only really important
measure pending no doubt Congressmen
will be seen examining their fences in a
few days. It is unfortunate that the
Nicaragua canal and the Pacific railways
bills could not have been disposed of, but i
on the whole Congress accomplished a '
great deal.
At the opening of the session the Repub
lican majority in tne lower house tried
very hard to relieve the strain upon the
treasury, and passed a most admirable bill
for that purpose, but the Democratic and
Populist members of the Senate refused to
let it go to the President. The Republican
side of Congress is not, therefore, re
sponsible for the inability of the Govern
ment to meet current expenses from rev
enues received by the operation of the
Wilson tariff act. If it shall be found nec
essary to sell more bondß to maintain the
gold leserve before Congress meets next
winter — and tnere will be occasion to se
cure more gold, without a doubt — Demo
cratic and Populist Senators will have to
assume the responsibility of it.
Passing the river and harbor bill over
the President's veto was a jjreat victory
for Republican principles. The party has
always stood for internal improvements,
which, together with a protective tariff,
has raised the Nation to the very front
rank in numerical strength, individual
wealth and National prosperity. In ad
journing, therefore, with so much unfin
ished work on hand there will be no con«
demnation of the Republican majority, for
they did all that could be done for the
country. With a hostile President and an
obstructionist party, composed of Demo
crats and Populists, in the Senate, it was
hard to do much for the people, but after
next March the work of building up the
waste places will be taken up in earnest by
true representatives of the people.
A curious illustration of a waste of food
for lack of transportation is given by the
London Chronicle in the statement that
last season on the coast of Essex 2000 tons
of sprats were sold for manure at a shilling
a hundredweight, when they .were selling
in London for ten times that sum. It is
believed that electric roads connecting
the metropolis with the coast will stop the
waste and provide the people with cheaper
food.
If Judge Catlin of Sacra mento is right
in declaring what is known as the Barry
law of 1891 to be unconstitutional, then
the constitution must be amended. The
principle of that law is essential to the
liberty of the press and the rights of men.
A constitution which denies it is a con
stitution unworthy of an American com*
monwealth.
In the cases now being tried against
Siebe for the assessments made of the
property of Judge Wallace and the Market
street Railway, it would seem there ought
to be a fair chance for honest men to get
their dues of just assessments hereafter.
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Allen P. Brown, a rich Philadelphian, who
has recently been at a notable dinner in Paris
at which sat Bartholdi of the Bartholdi statue,
New York, Eiffel of the Eiffel tower, and other
great men connected with the world's exposi
tion of 1900, is at the Occidental Hotel.
He says the work at Paris is going on rapidly
and that there is no doubt that the exposi
tion will immeasurably surpass any and all
others in the world. He said yesterday:
"I found that France was giving much atten
tion to preparations for the exposition. It is
understood thai two palaces will be substituted
for the Palais de I'lndustrie.
"The extension of the exposition grounds to
the Champs Elysecs, with a bridge constructed
over tne Peine, has been virtually decided
upon. A French syndicate and the city ol
Paris have united to carry these projects into
Allen P. Brown, Now Here, Who Dined With Bartholdi, Eiffel and Other Great
Frenchmen, and Learned Strange Details of the Exposition of 1900.
[Sketched from life by a "CcUi" artist.]
effect. This will be incidentally advantageous,
tor it opens an avenue which will require the
demolition of, many old structures, at the end
of which the golden dome of the Invalides
Church would spring into view from the
Cbamps Elysees. So far ii looks practical and
would remain as a last great monument to the
already existing embellishments of the city.
The opening of such a street in a crowded
metropolis is a gigantic undertaking, and
after the colossal work of Mansard, Haussman,
Eiffel and others nothing would seem to brook
the audacity of the French architects.
"Invitations have already gone out to all the
nations of the world, and, whether choice or
necessity makes exhibitors, all without par
tiality or distinction have been asked to join
France in commemorating the close of the
century, with good will from every order and
condition of man. and in signalizing the ad
vent of the year 1900 with the crowning efforts
and .'products of Christendom.
"The only question is, wbetner the exhibi
tion shall be held on both banks of the Seine.
"It is proposed to bring all the converging
lines of transportation— express and freights—
as near to the center of the city as possible.
The cost of this will be 75,000.000 franca or
$15,000,000. It is proposed to raise the
money by the Government issuing directly
lottery bonds without any indorsement or
guarantee.
"The French are noted for grand coups, and
we shall see how they will startle us by the ad
vances they have made in the eleven years
from the time of the last Paris exposition.
The people are living in expectation, and the
tradesfolk of the nation, who reach ou^ after
the money expended by visitors, are exuberant.
The tramways and buses of Paris will be
taxed to their utmost in the carriage of pas
sengers during such a popular influx, and if i t
Is amous? the possibilities to equip and furnish
the projected tubular underground electric
tramway as planned by BtrHer from the Bois
de Vincennea to the Bois <ie Boulogne, all dif
ficulties in this regard will have vanished.
"The road will ext 'nd more than eleven
miles in length and will be accessible from
eighteen stations. It will pass through one of
the most densely populated sections of Paris,
viz.: Place de Bastile, Rue dv Louvre, Palais
Royal, Rue de Castiglione, Place Victor Hugo,
Gare ac Lyon, Place dc la Concorde, Avenue de
i'Alma, Arc de Triomphe, etc., and will be one
of the municipal engineering triumphs of the
time. The purification of the water of the
Seine is one of the reforms which is occupying
the health bureau, and which will also im
prove the sanitation of both banks of the river.
One hundred millions of francs have been ap
propriated by the city. The system employed
is intricate. It Is culled the bonclier or shield,
and is worked by hydraulic pressure. 1 '
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
POPULISTS AND SILVER.
As to Democratic Free-Silver Nominees at
Chicago.
To the Editor of the Han Francisco Call—Sw.
In the judgment of candid and intelligent
men of all political parties the Populist vote
now numbers not less than 3,000,000, and an
estimate baaed on the gains in Oregon would
make it 4,0yp,000 at least. But let us assume
for present use that the*»traight Popuiist
vote will not exceed 2,000,000, though any
politician who bases calculationson that figure
will get badly left in his reckoning and his
error will come home to plague him in his day
of disappointment.
At the present moment the question is anx
iously debated by silver men in both parties,
as well as by gold men, "Can the Populists be
induced to indorse the nominees of the Chi
cago Democratic National Convention if the
nominees are well-known free-silver men, such
as Buies, Sibley and Tillinan, and the platform
adopted is a plain and uncompromising de
mand for the free and unlimited coinage of
silver at the old find well-tried ratio of 16 to 1,
without waiting for the alliance or consent of
any other nation?" It is the purpose of this
letter to lay the foundation for a fair and re
liable answer to the foregoing question.
The importance of a reliable answer be
comes manifest when it is conceded that a
solid union of all the honest and earnest sil
ver forces ih necessary to secure a certain vic
tory at the polls next November for free coin
age. Populisms realize the undeniable fact
quite as well us other silver men do, and for
this reason they made open and honest over
tures more than six months ago to all silver
men in all other parties lor a complete and
honorable union of the silver forces on joint
candidates, with sepnrate and independent
but not antagonistic platforms. Unconditional
silver men in the old parties, who place
country above silver and silver above party,
at once accepted the overtures made by the
Populists for such a union, and, by concerted
action, after due no»ice, met in the city of
Washington on January 23 last, adopted a
broad National platform on the whole money
issue— not merely a free silver single plank
platform — and then effected n preliminary Na
tional organization, selected Dr. J. J. Mott of
North Carolina as National chaiiman and is
sued a call for a National convention based on
that platform, and fixed the same time and
place for the nominating convention as that
of the Populists, namely: July 22 in St. Louis.
Naturally enough the old parties ignored
this proposed union of silver forces on joint
candidates as much as possible; but it gained
headway so rapidly that it soon became a
serious menace to the old method of conduct
ing a National Campaign, aud when it became
an accepted lact that the gold men would con
trol the Republican party, although for a
blind to the public a show of distrust of llc-
Kinley and a sham opposition to him by the
gold men was kept u>\ it was apparent to all
men who are intelligent enough" to vote un
derstandingly that to have two gold candi
dates for the Presidency belore the people -
■was bad politics and midsummer madness,
and so it was arranged by our real rulers—
the money lords— to let the silver men in the
Democratic- party control their National Con
vention at Chicago, and thus divide the silver
forces and, if possible, thus also prevent any
reunion of silverites and Populists at St. Louis.
This brief, retrospect brings us fairly to the
present moment, and face to face with a criti
cal situation in the affairs of our country.
Candor compels the admission that the gold
men are at present masters of the situation.
They will all vote the Republican ticKet. Like
Jay Gould with railroad politics, they are Hill
Democrats in Democratic States and Wolcott
Republicans in Republican States, but in all
States they are for gold. There Is no lack of
union nor good eeneralship In the gold rants,
while there is lamentable lack of union and
even third-rate generalship in the silver
ranks.
To complete the statement of the present sit
uation, it must be set down here with all possi
ble emphasis that the gold men have for years
beeu quietly getting ready for the fiual con-
flict, which now seems inevitable in the pres
ent campaign of 1896 between the concen
trated wealth and the unorganized industrial
and commercial forces of the country, by gain
ing control through ownership of all the chief
avenues of intelligence by which public opin
ion is molded, including the great daily
newspapers, the leading magazines, the reli
gious journals and larinere' papers; and
by founding great universities, gaining
seats as regents in our State univer
sities, with power to discharge any
professor who dares to teach the new econom
ics and whose heart yearns for the welfare of
the common people, and finally by becoming
the main support of the churches bo ps to
check any undue expression of sympathy with
the struggling masses by the high-salaried
"preachers of righteousness," who too of'en
seem inclined to inculcate contentment "with
whatsoever lot the Lord in his providence"
has seen fit vg assign "the poor whom we are
always to have with us."
Vnder these adverse conditions is there any
Jiope that the industrial or commercial inter
ests of our country, represented by tne free-sil
ver forces, can be united? Cau they be united
on the nominees of the Democratic Convention
at Chicago if they are free-silver men on a
free-silver platform? I can only say now that
out of not less than 2,000,000 straight Popu
liit or People's party voters they wili;not get a
single vote, and in my next letter I will give
convincing reasons for making this unquali
fied statement. Joseph Asbvry Jonhson.
11 E— ex street, San Francisco.
TO MY CYCLE.
Dear other self, so silent, swift and sur^
My dumb companion of delightful <Jay»,
Might fairy flng rs from thy orbit rays
Of steel strike music, aa tbe go is of yor*
From reed orsheli, what melodies would pour
On my glad e«rs: what son us of woodland ways,
Of summer's wealth of corn, or the sweet lays
Of April's budding preen; while evermore
IVe twain, one living taint;, flash like the light
Down the long trackfl that stretch from sky to sky.
Thou liast thy music, too; what time the noon
Beats sultry on broad roads, when, gathering
niaht.
We drink the keen-edged air: or, darkling, fly
'Twixt hedgerow* blackened by a mystic moon.
— Adriel Vere, in tfce London Spectator.
DAINTY NIGHTGOWN OR LOUNG
ING ROBE.
The charming gown shown here shows the
impress of the Empire style. It is a model nted
both for lounging robes and nightdresses. For
the latter it may be made of a variety of
fabrics from muslin or flannelette to china
silk. In the latter material it is shown for
trousseaux trimmed with butter-colored or
white lace; ribbons of bright but delicate
tones are run through the lace which confines
the front below the bust.
A very dainty gown in nainsooK had trim
mings of narrow yellow Valenciennes lace
with bands of fine Hamburg: embroidery.
Colored lawns and batistes with white em
broidery or lace, either white or yellow, are
very dainty. The batistes especially will be
found quite satisfactory, for they launder
beautifully.
A lounging robe of twilled French flannel of
a medium pink, is dainty with trimmings of
white lace with blue ribbons run under. A
violet and white checked flannel with white
lace and violet ribbons is another pretty com
bination.
A gown of pink and green striped wool had
the square yoke top of green satin ribbon, with
(rills of pink chiffon.
' One hi the daintiest creations in the way of
a lounging robe was seen in an elaborate trous
seau. It was of white flannel. The square
yoke waa of white satin ribbon, with a border
of sable on either edge, anil at the outer edge a
frill of white chiffon hung. The belt was of
white ribbon.
NOT THIS TIME
Bodie Mining Index.
Republicans seldom poll their vote. They
split up into "isms" and "ists," while Demo
crats pull together like a well broke raule
team, which explains bow they are able to
elect a minority President.
PERSONAL.
E. 8. Baker of Topeka, Kans., is in town.
Frank A. Stone of Seattle is at the Palace.
James H. Kirk of Nogales, Ariz., is in town.
Louis P. Wardle of Virginia, Nev., is in
town.
General T. B. Bunting of Santa Cruz is in
the City.
Frank A. Miller of Riverside was among yes
terday's arrivals here.
H. G. Rowland, a merchant of Puyallnp,
Wafh., has arrivea here.
Colonel J. B. Hammond, a wealthy resident
01 Portland, is at the Palace.
J. Humphrey, a miner of Gold Bar, Oregon,
is among recent arrivals bere.
Alex Neilson, one of the owners of the Union
Iron Works, Sacramento, is in town.
R. B. Can field, the land-owner and business
man, of Santa Barbara, is on a visit here.
W. 0. Chapman, a Dusinees man of Tacoma,
is at the Palace, accompanied by his wife.
J. H. Sloan, a newspaper man of Santa Fe, N«
Ilex,, is at the Palace, accompanied by hit wife.
E. Downs, proprietor of the Wilson Hotel,
Salem, Or., is registered at tae Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
H. Bnrrows, a, prominent resident of Port
land, Or., is staying at the Cosmopolitan
Hotel.
Dr. William R. Cocfirane of Philadelphia, ac
companied by Mrs. Cocaraoe, is at the Occi
dental.
W. Jacobson, a wealthy young business man
of Salt Lake City, is a guest at the Cosmopoli
tan Hotel.
M. J. Wright of Sacramento, ex-Surveyor of
the Port here, ia on a visit to the City, and
is at the Grand.
Colonel Ely E. Weir of Chicago, president of
the largest match company in the United
States, is at the Occidental.
W. W. Burton, a society man and real estate
dealer of Santa Barbara, came up from the
south yesterday for a tnree days' visit with
friends in this City.
D. D. Davidson of Sonoma, who has been
here for several days in the interest of a oele
bration to commemorate the raising of the
Bear flag at Sonoma, left for his home yester
day.
Dr. Michel Revon, philanthropist and editor
ot the leading Polish paper of the country,
who has been studying the civilization of
Japan for some time past, and who arrived
here Saturday, has gone to New York and
Washington.
Tracy Russell, the Stanford baseball catcher,
who graduated at Palo Alto lait year, has re
turned to bis home in this City for a three
months' vacation, having successfully com
pleted a year's work in the College of Physi
cians and Surgeons In New York City.
W. B. Wilshlre, president of the Wilshire Safe
and Lock Company, formerly of this City, and
now of Los Angele.s, is hero on a visit. He says j
the building permits issued by Los Angeles are i
more numerous now than at this time last
year. The value of the buildings is not quite
up to last year, but there are many more real* i
dences. A large new hotel, the Van Nuys, i
with nearly 300 rooms.will be finished in time
for the winter business.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— At the Grand—
N. D. Hodges; Holland— X. Maddox, E. Mc-
Cutchen; Astor—H. E. Smith; Broadway Cen
tral—J. H. Taylor; Grand Union— F. WaUon;
Marlborough— Mr. and Mrs. H. M. Wolf, Miss
E. Wolf; Albert- W. B. Van Vorhees.
DESERVES SUCCESS.
Vancouver Kegister.
The San Francisco Daily Call, the leading
daily newspaper of the Pacific Coast, has de
clared for woman suffrage. Friends of equal
rights on this coast will rejoice in the fact that
they have secured the aid of so able and fear
less a champion of their cause. The Call is a
leader, not a follower. It waits not for others
to mold public opinion and then trim sail to
catch the popular breeze. It takes advanced
ground as a great metropolitan newspaper and
hews its way lo success by sturdy blows for
the ritrht. .The Call is a champion of free coin
age of silver and has the bravery to stand by
its colors regardless of the immense pressure
now being made throughout the country to
coerce the rank and file of the Republican
party into tne adoption of the British gold
standard system of finance.
The Call has opened its columns to a fair
and impartial hearing of the principles advo
cated by the People's ptirty, and this last move
in espousing the cause of equal rights regard
less of existing public sentiment confirms to it
the title of a great, independent newspaper.
The Register hopes to see The Call stand un
flinchingly during the coming campaign for
the party which champions the cause of free
coinage of silver, greenbacks and no further
issue of bonds. This is the |.aramount issue of
importance before the people, and mere party
success is a consideration secondary and triv
ial compared with the triumph of the above
principles. THE Call surely deserves thesplen
did success it is achieving in the field of
National journalism.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Sigrnor Crispi will shortly undergo a surgi
cal operation at Naples, as the cataract in bis
eyes is spreading.
There is a rumor in Vienna that ex-Ktng
Milan of Servia is coming to Ame rica to begin
life over again as a gentleman farmer.
Among the students graduated this year by
the Baltimore University Law School waa ex-
Judge George W. Lindsay, who has just cele
brated big seventieth birthday.
Mrs. Ellen Spencer Muwey, who is making a
reputation as a lawyer in Washington, is the
widow of the late General R. D, Mussey, who
make a creditable record in the civil war.
One of the guests at the ceremony of unveil
jng the statue of General William Henry Har
rison in Cincinnati on Saturday was Bernard
McDonald of Grant County, Ind., now more
than 80 years old, who acted as pallbearer at
the funeral of General Harrison.
The birth of a son to Count William Bis
marck is a very welcome fact to the family of
the ex-Chancellor. There are plenty of grand
daughters, but for a long wnile it looked as if
there would be no male descendant of the
third generation to transmit the name of the
principal branch of the house.
Jt is said that James Lafitte Smith, a clerk in
the Washington Postoffice, is the postoffice
clerk who sold the first postage stamp and the
first stamped envelope ever issued by this
Government, and who registered th« flm
letters that were presented for registry when
that system of mail protection was Introduced
in the United States. He entered the post
office as a clerk in 1847, and is now 79 years
old.
CURRENT HUMOR.
He— lt seems to me that, under certain cir
cumstances, a minister mignt be justified in
using another minister's sermon.
ghe— Under what circumstances?
He— Well, for Instance, if it wa» a very short
sermon.— Puck.
Dyer— What is your business, may I ask?
Boorish Stranger— l'm a gentleman, sir. That
is my business.
Dyer— Ah! You have failed, I see.— Truth.
Emperor William's latest freak, that of ap
pointing the chief kfttle drummer of the Ber
lin opera, on his retirement after fifty years'
service in that arduous post, to be "Royal
Chamber Musician," is numbered among the
oddest of hia Majesty* many odd actions.
"This here new light of Edison's would be a
good thing to hey in hotels, I'm thinking," re
marked Mr. Hayseed as he blew out the gas.
"I wonder if I shall live to see it."— Chicago
Dispatch.
Teacher— And how, James, was the hosiery
made in former days ?
James— Don't know.
Teacher— Nest!
The Next— Er— er— er—
Teacher— Next!
The Next— Dunno.
Teacher— Master, Flipp, do you know?
Master Flipp— Nit. (Is Bent to the head.)—
Judge.
"I presume you carry a memento of some
sort in that locket of yours?"
"Precisely. It is a lock or my husband's
hair."
"But your husband is still alive."
"Yes, but his hair is all gone."— Hartford
Times.
THE POOR ARE SNUBBED
Dr. Warren Scores Churches
That Have No Needy Com
municants.
Rev. F. H. Mooar Expresses Strong
Disapproval of the New
Bible.
At the Presbyterian Ministerial Union
yesterday a paper was read by Rev. J. B.
Warren. D.D., of Berkeley on "TheDea
conate." The speaker said tbat the office
of deacon has to a great extent fallen into
disuse in Presbyterian churches and that
deacons have only a nominal existence.
"v" v "It is true that in a few churches dea
cons are employed in the Christ-liKe work
of using the alms of the church for the re
lief of its poor communicants, and not
only carrying to them financial help but
spiritual aid and comfort. It is true also
that in the reports of sessions it is not in
frequently said that needy communicants
would be relieved if there. were any in
their churches, but there were none such
among them. As the deacons have been
reduced to the narrow duty of attending
to the poor, if there are no poor and suf
fering brethren in the congregation, what
is the use of having deacons?"
Dr. Warren said he shrank from enter
ing into the question of how far the
churches were to blame for the appalling
fact that the poor and needy are seldom
found among their members. "It will
not do to say that the poor are welcome if
they come, they are not welcome and they
know it. Should one enter a city cnurch
in his rough dress be is instantly oeasured
by the brisk usher ana coldly placed in
some back seat, wnile the next stranger,
if well-dressed, is politely ushered into
Mrs. Society's pew. It will not do to say
the poor need not pay pew rent and can
sit in the galleries. These are wordd and
three-fourths of those who utter them
would not recognize or welcome a really
poor man if he should come to church.
The speaker expressed his belief that
this state of thines would end if deacons
were assigned more active duties. He de
cried the idea of having trustees who
were not church members and urged the
handing over to the deacons of all the tem
poral affairs of the church.
In discussing the paper, Elder T. B.
Roberts denied that the poor are neglected
in the churches. Rev. J. Clark said that
the poor came to the churches in rags, but
such is the elevating influence of the
gospel that they did not remain in rags.
Rev. J. Gumming Smith thought it was
the duty of the churches to look after the
poor *'nd 10 see that there were fewer poor.
Rev. Mr. Harris, a visitor from Chicago,
objected to the dictating!* of the wealthy
members of congregations.
Congregational Club.
The Congregational Monday Club, which
grew smaller by degrees and beautifully
less during the trouble in the First Church,
is now showing signs of resumed vitality.
There was quite a large attendance of
members in the parlors of the Grand Hotel
yesterday morning, many prominent Con
gregational pastors, both from this City
and across the bay, bein:» present.
A paper was read by Rev. F. H. Mooar of
Niles on the "New Bible," now in process
of publication under the direction of Pro
fessor Paul Haupt of Johns Hopkins Uni
versity. The speaker argued in favor of
the Bible now in use. "Why must the
Bible, the good old Bible, go? Has the
worla outgrown Its precious words? Has
the time come that we need another?
Must this good old book follow the wake
of human- things that need remodeling?"
A number of arguments were used to
prove the needlessness of the revised
edition of the Bible. The spirit in which
the work is being undertaken was also
decried. ''The new Bible is to upset the
old teachings and promises revelations
that will astonish: the world. I While we
welcome light we cannot see the word of
God itself brought into question."
•—• — ♦ — • !
California, glaoe fruits, 50c lb. Townsend's.*
- ? ■ . ■ i — — — ♦ — —
Cream mixed candies, 25c a lb. Townsend's.*
Grockrs' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetxen Park,
San Rafael. ■ ' • . . - ~ J - : /'^ ,' J -?,* C
Special information daily to manufacturer!
business houses and public men by the Prast
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. •
. .1... ♦..♦ — ♦, .-.
Sir Edwin Arnold would like to gee in all
Christian governments a minister of state
charged with the interests of birds, beasts and
tiisbes. ____^__^________
967. 5O— Special Train— S67. 3O. Repub
lican t'onvention at St. Lonii.
Leaves Jrrancisco Thursday, June 11. at 10
a. m. via Salt Lake City-Denver, thence Burling
ton route. The entire California and Nevada dele
gations have aceommoda' ions on this tr in. Hate
to st. Louis and return, $67 &0. Bertns for this
train must be secured at olliceof Burlington route,
32 Moutgomery st.
St. Lonli Convention
P»rtfes raking advantage of the cheap rates to
the Republican Convention can secure ticket* re
tnriilpv via St. Paul and the Nor barn Pacific
Railroad, T. K. siiueler, general ngeut. 638 Mar
ket street, San Francisco.
Ladies take Dr. Blegert's Atiaostarn Bitter* gen
erally when they feel low spirited. It brighten*
them up Immediately.
. ,—, — 9 ... * ,1 »
Luxttbiant hair with its youthful color assured
by using Pabksk's Hair Baisam. * "/;.•"";?
Parker's Gisuek Tonic the best cough cure.
Smith— Old Dr. Pills' sou is matins ducks
and drakes out of the fortune that his father
left him, bo I hear.
Jones— Well, what else could you expect?
The old man was a quack, wasn't he?— J-udge #
- .. ■ *-.' NEW TO-DAY.
mm ulllllB Ware
■ in. AT
MONEY-SAVING PRICES.
Cups, Saucers and Plates, decorated, 7>£c
each.
Decorated Pitchers, Porcelain— lsc, 20c,
each.
Crystal Glass Berry Sets, per set, 25c, 35c,
' 50c.
Table Tumblers, per set, 20c, 25c, 30c.
Decorated Dinner Set, complete, 60 pieces,
$4 65 and $5 25.' :U-»- ,
Decorated Toilet Set, complete, $1 65.
Genuine Carlsbad China, exquisitely decora-
■■-., ted, Dinner Set, 100 pieces, $15 00.
The kind and quality others charge $95.
* •**
Great American Imp ortina: Tea Go.
MONEY SAVING STORES;
1344 Market st. . 146 Ninth st.
2510 Mission st. 218 Third st.
140 Sixth st. 2008 Pillmore st.
617 Kearny st. . 965 Market st.
1419 Polk st. 3096 Sixteenth st.
521 Montgomery «ye. 104 Second st.
333 Hayes st 3259 Mission st. 'V *
' 5a Market st. (Headquarters). S. P. .
1033 Washington st. 616 E. Twelfth it.
i3i San Pablo aye, 917 Broadway, Oakland
■ 135S Park St., Alameda.
♦ '. ....',■ .
t Walk Right in; Take a Seat.
ujf Yes, plenty of time to talk since I got the
Ml Hkrculks Gasoline Engine: runs It-
■BMJ"*srlf. you know. Engineer? No, Jam the
■_ Engineer; start it and it goes right alone. .
You want one f Write for Catalogue and
n~W% Price List to the
•""*» American Type Founders' Co.
405-407 Sausome Street,
. . San Francisco, CaU 1ffihfc (fall
TUESDAY ........JUNE 9, 1898
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin Thkatkb.— "ln Mizzoura."
Colcmbia THKATKR-'Brother John."
Mobosco's Opkka-Housk— "Brother Against
Brother. '
Tiyoli Ofira-Housk.— "Lorraine."
Orpjieum— High-Class Vaudeville.
Metropolitan- Temple.— « Miss Jerry." to
morrow evening.
The Emporium.— Concert to-night by the Em
porium Orchestra.
JJ acton ore h Thkatkb (Oakund) — "The
School for Scandal. '
Sctbo Co.nkv lelakd— Bathing and Perform
ances, j
Shoot res Chutes— Dally at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
Pacific Coast Jockey CT.rn.-Racea to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Cbas. Levy 4 Co.— This day (Tuesday),
Furniture, at salesroom, 1135 Market street, at 10
o'clock.
By M. J. Mcßridb— Thursday, June 11, Horses,
at 507 Jessie street, at 11 o clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF
The estate of Giovanni Rocca, recently de
ceased, has been appraised at $17,258.
The weather forecast for to-day is "Fair,
slightly warmer, fresh winds In the afternoon."
The Woman's Federation will draft a peti
tion, praying' for a lady M.D. at the Reoeiving
Hospital.
The San Francisco Orphanage and Farm re
solved yesterday to purchase a tract of land at
San Rafael.
The Congregational Monday Club was ad
dressed yesterday by Rev. F. H. Mooar on the
revised Bible.
Judge Seawell yesterday re-opened the Wood
ward divorce case to allow new testimony to
be introduced.
Tortoise, San Marco, Artemus, Montgomery,
Carnation and Duke Stevens captured purses at
Ingleslde track yesterday.
The Supreme Court yesterday decided that
remedy against the Pacific Railway Company
can only be obtained in Illinois.
The Women's Educational and Industrial
Union last night decided to hold a benefit for
the purpose of establishing a home.
Flora Hoalt, known to the poiice as the
"thieving servant girl," was arrested last
night on the charge of grrand larceny.
More than half a million dollars due for de
linquent taxes was paid to tbe State bjr the
Southern Pacific Company yesterday.
Henry Siddal yesterday applied for letters of
administration on the estate of Harry W. Ju
call. He left property valued at $2600.
Nathaniel Feldman, ''medical man," was ar
rested yesterday on his return from Los
Angeles on the charge of grand larceny.
David Myers, an old man, fell down a side
walk elevator shaft at 411 Market street last
evening and broke his right shoulder-blade.
James R. Wood, a Boston detective, gave
borne damaging testimony yeßterday against
the plaintiff in the suit oi Ashley Vs. Baldwin.
Richard 3. Williams, inspector of Chinese
for the Custom-house, was put to flight yester
day by means of a pistol his wife pointed at
him.
The State Board oi Fish Commissioners met
yesterday morning. The time was devoted to
the regular routine business— the session was
briei.
J. B. Courtney, who suddenly departed from
San Jose last week, is in this City, and says ne
is- going to New London to collect $75,000 left
him by his uncle.
Twenty-five drivers of the Pacific Carriage
Company went out on strike last night at 5
o'clock because of a reduction of wages irom
£1 50 tosl 25 a day.
Dr. Warren read a letter before the Presby
terian Ministerial Association yesterday, in
which he scored the churches Which have no
needy communicants.
The double transfer system of the Market
street Railway resulted in two more disgrace
ful street brawls yesterday. Mike Ashrin and
E. C. Howe were arrested.
A letter was received from the National
Municipal League yesterday by the Merchants'
Association concurring with the provisions of
the proposed new charter.
The Carnival of Golden Gate committee at
Its meeting yesterday accomplished a great
amount of work in the appointing of commit
tees and the adopting of by-laws.
A letter was received by the Labor Bureau,
in which charges were made against the City
and State Contractor of Streets at Sacramento,
accusing him of working his menten hours.
United States ex-Senator John B. Allen of
the State of Washington is here. He says
Washington agrees with the other Pacific
Coast States in favor of silver and a high tariff.
The Pacific Coast scientific societies held a
meeting in the Academy of Sciences last night
In honor of the fiftieth anniversary of Lord
Kelvin's professorship in the Glasgow Uni
versity.
The authorities have granted a license for a
tour-round contest between J. J. Corbett and
T. Sharkey, under the auspices of the National
Athletic Club, to take place in this City on the
24th inst.
Labor Commissioner Fitzgerald has received
a strongly worded petition from the broom
workers asking that tne State ameliorate the
increasing difficulties surrounding the broom
making trade.
Two burglars entered the room of E. Mar
tinez, in the third story of the Carrolton
House, Market street and Golden Gate avenue,
and one of them escaped by sliding down the
telegraph cable.
Steward L. H. Wahrman of the Goat Island
Lighthouse station was nearly killed by Cook
Cooper last Sunday. The cook was arrested
yesterday by the Harbor Police on a charge of
assault to murder.
The opposing legal forces are preparing for
a stirring contest over the motion for a new
trial In the Hale & Norcross suit. The state
ment is now being made out by the defense
and general objections are listed.
James Corbett and Thomas Sharkey, the
champion heavy-weight of the world and
champion heavy-weight of the Pacific Coast,
respectively, have signed articles to fieht a
four-round contest on the 24th inst.
Mrs. Addie L. Ballou, assisted by Mrs. Eliza
beth Sloper, has been appointed by the liter
ary committee of ihe Tennessee Centennial
and International Exposition to collate aud
exhibit the published and unpublished works
of California's lady writers.
Vice-President Watt and Chief Engineer
Story of the Valley Road declare there is no
foundation for the impression that tne terms
of the China Basin lease have not been com
plied with, and the report that the road in
tended to abandon that point as a terminus.
The officers and men on the cruiser Phila
delphia had an exciting time of it yesterday.
The schooner Mary Dodge ran into her and
the launch was piped away to clear the two
vessels. The officers of the Mexican man-of
war paid Admiral Beardslee a farewell visit
and a salute had to be fired. Then the cruiser
dragged her anchor, and later in the day was
moved to a safer anchorage off Folsom street.
THE NATION'S BIRTHDAY.
Preparations for a Grand Celebration
Being Made by the Committee.
At the meeting of the Fourth of July
committee last evening it was announced
that $551 had already been collected for
the celebration on the Fourth. The lite
rary committee reported that the Audito
rium had been secured. The literary ex
ercises, it was estimated, would require
the expenditure of about $350. It was rec
ommended that a committee be appointed
to examine the poems submitted and select
the best.
The parade committee asked for an ap
propriation of $3500 and an additional $50
or $75 for a prize for school children. Two
prize banners will be awarded to the best
floats of school children.
The printing committee reported having
awarded a contract for 20,000 souvenir
programmes and 5000 progammes of the
literary exercises.
A resolution was earned requesting the
committee on donations to take steps
toward having Market and other streets
decorated and illuminated in a fitting
manner. .
After instructing the secretary to inquire
from the chairmen of the various commit
tees the probable amount they would each
need the committee adjourned until next
Monday night, when the regular meeting
will be held.
Penetrated His Abdomen.
( Iverson, a leather-cutter living at 1244
\ Howard street, had one of the open knives
used in his trade in tne pocket of his trousers
last night. He stooped to tie his shoelace and
the point of the knife penetrated his abdomen.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital. The
wound is not dangerous.
ALL EXCITEMENT
ON THE CRUISER
The Mary Dodge in Col
lision With the Phila
delphia.
CLEARED BY A LAUNCH.
Officers of tbe Zaragoza Who
Visited the Cruiser Received
a Farewell Salute.
AN ASSAULT TO MURDER CASE.
The Cook of the Lighthouse Station at
Goat Island Nearly Killed
the Steward.
The officers and crew of the United
States cruiser Philadelphia were kept busy
yesterday. Early in the morning a big,
three-masted schooner fouled her, and she
had to be got away. Later the admiral
and officers of the Mexican man-of-war
Zaragoza paid her a farewell visit, and the
usual salute to the Mexican flag had to be
fired.
The schooner that ran into the Phila
delphia was the Mary Dodge. She got in
from Kahului, H. 1., last Sunday night,
with a load of sugar, and yesterday when
a breeze sprang up she attempted to sail to
the sugar refinery. The captain would not
accept a tow, and when the tide began to
set him down on the cruiser he was power
less to avert a collision. By the time the i
vessels came together the man-of-war had !
launched her steam cutter, and the
schooner was soon out of her dangerous
predicament. The wind fell light and she
came to an anchor, but at once began to
drag. She brought up on the cable, and
the telegraph people at once hired the tug
Annie and had the sugar vessel moved
again. Then the captain accepted a tow,
and his schooner was moved to the sugar
refinery. The schooner was damaged
about her top hamper, but the cruiser was
only scraped a little.
For some time past Navigating Officer
Ingalls of the cruiser has been dissatisfied
with the anchorage off Clay- street wharf.
One night last month the Philadelphia
broke adrift and went over half a mile I
with the tide before she brought up. An j
appeal was made to the Harbor Commis
sioners to lay down moorings, and that ;
body will do so if the Lighthouse Board j
will help. In the meantime the Philadel- j
phia tugued at her anchors and drifted a j
little every night. The navigating officer
got angry finally, and yesterday, after the
visit of the Mexican men-of-warsmen, the
anchor was tripped and the cruiser moved
up to safe moorings off Folsom-street
wharf.
The booming of cannon announced that
the official visit from tbe Mexican man-of
war to Admiral Beardslee was over. The
boat in which the visitors arrived lay-to
about 100 yards from the cruiser. The
latter then ran up the Mexican flag and
fired eleven sruns.
The little Mexican launch, with the flag
floating over its stern, the white cruiser,
with the Mexican flajr also fluttering in the
breeze and the stars and stripes at her
gaff, and several vessels in the background,
formed a pretty picture. Then, when the
cannon was fired, phe smoke rose up and
circled around the warship and made her
look almost ghostly in the envelopment.
After leaving here the Zaragoza will go |
for a short cruise down the coast, and will
then return to San Francisco. She will be
here for the Fourth of July celebration,
and may be at that of the raising of the
flag at Monterey. While here the warship
has been thoroughly overhauled at the
Union Iron Works, and she will now be
good for another six months of service.
Some time ago five of her boats went
adrift and only two were recovered, so
that the other three had to be replaced.
"Old Bill" Wartord and Henry Roland
had a row on the water front last Sunday i
that the latter will not soon forget. Both j
men are boatmen, but Bill is in the sere j
and yellow leaf, while Henry is a young i
man. Tbe latter had a quarrel with the I
old man, and was knocked down. He j
pulled Bill down, and began to bite and
scratch, but some of the other boatmen
pulled him off. Half an hour later Roland
followed Warfqrd into a saloon, and then
Bill went for him. He gave his persecutor
such a beating that his friends had to
rescue him and take him home in a wagon.
"Stevedore" Charles Johnson, who has
been on the water front for over forty
years, was in trouble on the front on Sun
day. He has been an attache of the firm
of Piper, Aden, Goodall & Co. for a gener
ation, and on Sunday he got it into his
bead that the windows wanted cleaning.
He borrowed a towel, some soap and water
and a ladder and went to work. He placed
the ladder, as he thought, against the
wooden framework, but it was resting on
the glass. He began to climb, and when
half way up the ladder the glass gave way,
and in a second $25 worth of damage was
done.
Johnson was in despair and he drowned
his sorrow in lager beer. Several hours
later he went crashing through the glass
door of a cigar stand and then he forgot
everything until he awoke in the City
Prison yesterday morning. He sent a
message to Harry Piper and the latter at
once secured his release. Johnson was as
mad its a hornet over his arrest yesterday
and says he is going to report the matter
to the Police Commissioners. He cannot
understand why a man of his forty years
of service on the water front should be
treated so.
There was almost a murder on Goat
Island last Sunday, and in consequence
one of the lighthouse crew is in jail on a
charge of assault to murder. For some
time past Harry Cooper, the cook, and L.
H. Wahrman, the steward, have been
squabbling, and Cooper, wlio is a bit:,
strong man, frequently threatened to "do
up the steward."
Sunday last the trouble came to a cli
max, and a fight was only prevented by
the other men on the island. Wahrman
went to his room to dress for a visit to the
City, and a few minutes later Cooper fol
lowed him. As the steward was benJine
over a bureau drawer to take out a collar,
the cook rushed in and struck him on the
back of the head. Wahrman's head sank
into the drawer and Cooper at once closed
in on him. His neck was thus caught in
a vice and the cook wreaked his vengeance
at leisure. He kicked the half-strangled
man until he was tired, and then let him
drop to the floor. Wahrman lay insensible
for half an hour and then went to bed.
Yesterday he came over to the City and
swore out the warrant, which was served
by the harbor police.
Tbe Pioneer Yacht Club will celebrate
the battle of Bunker Hill on the 17th inst.
by a regatta. Tbe yachts will assemble at
Powell-street wharf at 10 o'clock sharp;
thence to fall in line and follow flagship
Volunteer to stakeboat off Mission Rock
buoy; thence to Blossom Rock Duoy;
thence to Anita Rock, off Presidio;
thence to Sausalito and Angel Island,
where a grand entertainment will be given.
Commodore George Engels will command
tbe Volunteer.
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San RafaeL *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
The United States Cruiser Philadelphia as She Appeared Yesterday When Salut
ing the Mexican Flag in Honor of the Officers of the Mexican Man-of-war
Zaragoza, Who Had Paid Admiral Beardslee a Farewell Visit.
[Sketched by a "Call" artist. I
HER JEWELS
IN THE SAFE.
Coroner Refused Possession
of the Property of Miss
Mayne Worrall.
PALACE HOTEL HOLDS IT
Cablegram Which Says Her
Sister io London Is Mys
tified Too.
CORONER MAY GO TO LAW
Analysis of the Stomach Still Un
completed — Indications of Poison
Are There.
Last evening Coroner Hawkins, accom
panied by Joseph K. Hawkins, who is his
attorney and brother, went to the Palace
Hotel for the purpose of claiming and tak
ing charge of the property of Miss Mayne
Worrall. The thickness of the mystery
surrounding the death of the young Eng
lish woman has been lightened up very
little by the developments so far, and the
Coroner desired to search the baggage for
any information that might be concealed
there.
When he took possession of the body
last Saturday afternoon he supposed there
would be no dispute concerning his right
to the baggage when he got ready to take
it away. But when he called at the Palace
last evening Assistant Manager Warren
refused to allow him to take the baggage.
The reason for this is that Mr. Warren
wants to be positive that the hotel com
pany would De in no way liable in giving
up the young lady's personal effects.
Coroner Hawkins and his attorney then
made a formal demand for the property.
Mr. Warren exprassed a desire to consult
his attorneys, and promised to let the
Coroner know later what his final decision
was. The Coroner waited at his office till
11:30 last night, but no word came from
Mr. Warren.
Attorney Hawkins said that this morn
ing he would take legal steps to compel the
hotel to give up the property, if he could
not get it otherwise. And this is why a
search of the young lady's effects is stopped
at the present time.
The baggage comprises a flat trunk full
of dresses, underclothing, etc., a hand
satchel which contains comb, brush,
toilette articles and a half-used package of
Virginia Brights cigarettes, an inexpen
sive brand, notwithstanding the reputed
wealth of the young lady.
There are also some letters in the satchel,
but the Coroner was not permitted to
peruse them.
Inspection of her room has disclosed the
fact that Miss Worrall was very fond of
cigarettes. The drawers of her bureau
contained many cigarettes.
Miss Worrall's jewelry is locked up in
the hotel safe.
Dr. P. W. Nathan, acting autopsy physi
cian at the Morgue, has reached the con
clusion that Miss Mayne Worrail came
to her death from a poisoii of a non-cor
rosive character.
He made an examination of all the or
gans of the body, and found there was no
lesion. The stomach was taken out and
preserved for chemical analysis, and the
brain and spinal cord kept for micro
scopical examination.
It was at first thought that Miss Wor
rail died from cigarette poisoning, but the
condition of her heart did not warrant
sucfi a conclusion. It will be several days
Defore Chemist Morgan can finish the
chemical analysis of the stomach.
No action in the matter has been taken
by the police, and will not until the analy
sis is completed, and not then unless the
report of the chemist warrants it.
A Dispatch From London.
LONDON, Eng., June 8. — On receipt of a
cablegram announcing the sudden death
in the Palace Hotel in San Francisco of
Miss Mayne Worrall of Chester Lodge.
Gilston road, South Kensington, London,
Saturday, a representative of the United
Press called upon Mrs. Hyde, a sister of
the deceased lady, at her residence in the
Hyde Park mansion.
Mrs. Hyde informed the reporter that
Miss Worrall was of a bright and happy
disposition and entirely free, so far as she
knew, from care. Only yesterday she had
received a letter which her sister had
written to her tbe day before she sailed
from Sydney, N. S. W., for San Francisco,
on board the steamer Alameda. In the
letter Miss Worrall made a number of in
quiries concerning family affairs and inti
mated that she was in excellent health
and high spirits.
Mrs. Hyde could not conjecture any
reason why Miss Worrall should have
died from the effects of poison, as alleged,
self-inflicted or otherwise.
REAL ESTATE AUCTION.
G. H. Umbien * Co. Sell the Old
French Hospital and Other
Properties.
The auction sale of miscellaneous prop
erties held yesterday by G. H. Umbsen &
Co. brought out a good crowd and there
was quite active bidding on some of tne
pieces put up.
The principal offering was the old French
Hospital property, on Bryant street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth, consisting of a 100
-vara lot and a three-story brick building.
About three months ago $50,000 was of
fered for the property and refused. Yes
terday the best bid was $49,500, and it rests
with the board of directors of the French
Benevolent Society whether a sale at this
figure will go through or not.
Of the other properties offered a two
story house with lot 27:6x80, located at
the northwest corner of Fulton and Web
ster streets, sold for $8100. A lot 26:6x70,
with improvements consisting of double
house, located on Stevenson street, be
tween Fifth and Sixth, brought $3650. A
lot 25x125 on the east side of Dolores*
street, 160 feet north of Twenty-fift ■>, was
sold for $1675. A lot 25x100 on Bright
street. Ocean View, brought $85. Two lots
25x121, each located on the south line of
Eighteenth street, 125 feet west of Clever
alley, sold with an "if" fur $800 apiece. A
lot 25x137:6 on the south side of Oak j
street, 287:6 feet west of Devisadero, was
sold also with an "if" for $1950. The
premises 315 and 317 Golden Gate avenue,
consisting of lot 34:4)4'x137:6 and two
nine-room houses, was offered and the
best bid obtained for same was $15,000.
CLOAK OPERATORS.
A Movement On Foot to Consolidate
All Those Engaged in Clothes
Making.
The cloak operators and press hands en
gaged in garment making held a meeting
at Academy Hall, 927 Mission street, last
night.
Tne report of the executive committee
of this branch, recommending the holding
of a mass-meeting on July 12 for the con
solidation of all the hands engaged in the
tailoring business to meet and take final
action, was adopted.
MRS. WILLIAMS` PISTOL
The Effect It Produced on the
Federal Inspector of
Chinese.
He Disobeyed an Order of Court That
He Should Not Even Speak to
His Wife.
A revolver in the hands of a woman
with a determined look upon her face
frightened Richard S. Williams, inspector
of Chinese for the customs department,
yesterday morning.
Some time ago Mrs. Williams com
menced an action against Williams for
divorce on the ground of cruelty, and
upon the representations Judge Seawell
made an order that, while the suit was
pending, Williams should not interfere
with or molest his wife, nor even speak to
her.
Yesterday morning Mrs. Williams, in
company with the Misses Runge, was in
a store at Powell and Greenwich streets,
when Williams approached and expressed
a tiesire tn talk to his wife.
"I told him," said Mrs. Williams, "that
1 did not want to talk to nim or have any
thing whatever to do with him, because he
was armed. He said that he knew he was.
but that he did not want to harm me.
One of the young ladies with me thought
that it might be the easiest way out of the
matter to hear what he had to say, so I
asked him what he wanted. With that
he caught hold of my wrist, when Miss
Hattie Runge went for an officer and re
turned with one. Williams tnen released
me, and the officer suggested that in com
pany with my friends I get on a car that
was approaching.
"We did so, and as the car started Wil
liams ran after and boarded it. So did the
officer, who rode along a distance of three
blocks, when he left and "Williams ap
proached me again and caught hold of me.
When the car reached Sacramento street
he pulled me off the car, but at that mo
ment a gentleman came up and made him
release me, after which he went away, i
attempted to board the car again when
Williams seized me by the neck, and to
save myself I took out an old revolver I
had with me and pointed it at him, when
He turned deadly pale and backed away. I
and my friends then got away. When he
caught me by the neelc he said he wanted
roe to go to a Mrs. Ferry, and that he
would make me go there."
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
HACK-DRIVERS
OUT ON STRIKE
Employes of the Pacific
Carriage Company
Quit Work.
RESENT A REDUCTION.
Not a Living in $125 a Day
When They Have to Bear
Expenses.
TWENTY-FIVE MEN AFFECTED.
Have Readily Secured the Indorse
ment of the Company's Best-
Paying Customers.
The drivers for the Pacific Carriage Com
pany went out on a strike last night at 5
o'clock because of a reduction of wages
from $1 50 to $1 25 a day.
They had expected the cut would be de-
I clared and were ready with a petition
! which they submitted to the company's
best customers, who readily agreed to
stand by them and not patronize the com
i pany's coupes or carriages while the re
' duction should be maintained. Three of
! the largest undertaking firms, which in
themselves are the mainstay of the car
riage company's business, have given
their support to the striking drivers, and
several of the largest cafes and restaurants
are already pledged to aid the strikers'
cause.
Twenty-five men, including ten extras,
! are affected by the strike. Only two regu
i lar drivers have remained for duty.
The drivers say it was hard enough to
j make a living on $1 50 when they were
I compelled to pay for all breakages, make
\ good bad bills and furnish their own
liveries. On $1 25 they declare they can
not do this and. make a living.
One of them, speaking of tne matter last
night, said that the drivers are expected
to supply themselves with ariving-coat,
silk hat and kid gloves and present a neat
! appearance. In addition to this expense
j item to be found out of their meager
wages they must make good the fares left
unpaid by unscrupulous customers who
often leave the carriage waiting in front of
a saloon while they retreat by the rear
way.
A majority of the strikers are said to be
men with families.
Early in the evening a number of men
in sympathy with the striking drivers
gathered about the three carriages at the
ferry and hooted at their drivers, calling
them scabs, but the striking drivers de
clared that they took no part in the
demonstration. Some of the enthusiasts
even went so far as to attempt to overturn
the carriage driven by a man whose per
sonality made him particularly distasteful
to those who stood out for restored wages.
The police, however, interfered and pre
vented further disturbance.
Oliver Hinkley, superintendent of the
Pacific Carriage Company, made no pro
vision last night for new drivers, nor had
he said anything about an agreement with
the strikers^
BANKS AS CREDITORS.
Court of Appeals Gives Them the
Preference Over Common
Depositors.
By tbe Decision Rendered It Ts Safe
for One Bank to Loan Money
to Another.
The United States Court of Appeals, i
Judges Hawley, Gilbert and Ross on the I
bench, handed down an important deci
sion yesterday affecting th* liability of one
bank to another in the event of failure.
The title of the suit as it appeared in the
appellate court was "George B. Blanchard, j
receiver of the First National Bank of j
Whatcom (Wash.), vs. the Commercial j
Bank of Tacoma." By the decision just
rendered banks are made preferred cred
itors.
Some months ago the First National i
Bank of Whatcom was placed in the hands I
of a receiver, George B. Blanchard being
named for that position. Four months
prior to this act the Whatcora bank bor
rowed $10,000 from the Commercial Bank
of Tacoma, agreeing to return the same j
within twelve montlis, with 10 per cent
ad-led.
The crash came, however, before that
time and the Tacoma people found them
selves simply one of many creditors.
Later, on the advice of counsel, they in
stituted suit against the receiver of the
defunct institution to recover the amount
loaned. The case was tried in the United
States District Court and a judgment ren
dered in favor of the plaintiffs. Receiver
Blanchard appealed the case on the
ground that it made preferred creditors
of the successful litigants. The Court of
Appeals reviewed the deliberations of the
District Court, returning the decision
already mentioned.
The importance of the decision is found
in the fact that heretofore a bank loaning
money to a sister institution has in the
event of the failure of the borrower been
compelled to take its chances with com
mon creditors, depositors, etc The con
clusion just reached, however, makes
every bank perfectly safe, so far as money
loaned to each other is concerned.
The opinion was read by Judee Hawley
and concurred in by Judges Gilbert and
Ross.
CARNIVAL OF NATIONS.
Worthy Ladies to Hold a Fete to Se
cure a Home.
The executive and advisory boards of
Women's Educational and Industrial
Union of San Francisco met at their rooms,
7 Van Ness avenue, yesterday evening to
consider the subject of having a benefit to
the Union for the purpose of founding a
borne.
The Union aims to prepare women in
trades and occupations whereby they may
earn a livelihood, to supply the defects of
early education, and to provide cheap in
struction in all branches of culture.
A number of classes are at present main
tained, including cooking, dressmaking,
millinery, hair-dressir.g, manicuring,
stenography, type-writing, physical cul
ture, French, German, Spanish, vocal and
instrumental music and painting.
Every year the indies have been obliged
to call upon the public for assistance in
defraying their expenses, and. as Mme.
Sorbier says, they are tired of this and
want a home of their own, where there
will be no rent to pay.
It was decided to hold a historical car
nival in Golden Gate Hall, at which there
will be eighteen booths, representing as
many different nations. The ladies and
gentlemen conducting each will be robed
in appropriate costume.
Single admittance -will be 25 cents, and
season tickets admitting two will be $2 50.
Tickets will be sold only at 7 Van Ness
avenue and at Sherman & Clay's.
"MISS JERRY."
A Delightful and Novel Picture Enter-
talnment Given at Metropolitan
Hall Last Evening.
The audience t!i at saw "Miss Jerry" at
Metropolitan Hall last evening enjoyed a
most exquisite treat. It was a novel enter
tainment consisting of a series of rapidly
changing pictures thrown upon a darkened
screen, and the story they tell, given by
Miss Carrie Louise Ray, a pretty young
lady with a sweetly modulated voice.
The lady of the pictorial features of the
play is a Miss Geraldine Holbrook, a re
porter, and her interviews are tiie theme
of the story. As the scenes dissolve into
each other before the audience Miss Ray
speaks all of the characters, producing an
effect both realistic and pleasing.
Between the acts Miss Don M. Cann
sang several songs in one of the sweetest
contralto voices ever heard in San Fran
cisco. Her tones were smooth, full and
clear and her manner simple and charm
ing. The entertainment is under the
management of Frank F. Miller.
"Miss Jerry" will be repeated at the
Metropolitan Temple to-morrow and
Thursday evenings.
"AMERICA" AHEAD.
Another Victory Added to the Many
'.triumphs of the Patriotically
■Named Yacht.
A beautiful three-mile windward race
before four hitherto unbeaten model
yachts was sailed on Sunday afternoon
fTom the foot of Powell street.
The course was a tnree-mile straight
beat to windward in the direction of An
gel Island, and the race was won easily by
the America, a mere pigmy, compared
to her three rivals. She made the three
mile beat to windward in 22 minutes, and
the clever handling of the America by
Captain F. P. Gilbert, in the heavy sea
that was on, was very creditable.
The America is a very shallow and a
very light boat, her entire weight being
scarcely more than the weight of the lead
in her rivals' keels. She das established
an enviable record, nevertheless, having
won every race she ever entered. She was
the winner, it will be remembered, of the
I Puritan miniature yacht race.
WANT A WOMAN DOCTOR.
The Woman*' Federation Wants a Lady
M.I». at the Receiving Hospital.
At the meeting of the Womans' Federa
tion for Public Good yesterday Mrs. Dr.
! Janes stated that she had investigated the
' Receiving Hospital and had found it to be
' clean and well kept, though lacking in
some things, such as sheets and cooking
utensils. She paid a tribute to the effi
j ciency of the service there. The appoint
! ment of a woman doctor at the Receiving
I Hospital was urged, and tne federation
appointed Mrs. Dr. Janes, Mrs. Rose
French and Mrs. Patterson a committee to
draft a petition to the Board of Health
i praying for the appointment of a woman
doctor.
Mrs. Nellie B. Eyster made a speech
against sensational journalism.
Republicans to Reorganize-
The old Phcenix Republican Club, which
took an active part in the elections of '92
and '94, will be reorganized this evening at
Scottish Hall, 111 Larkin street. All old
members and Republicans of the district
are invited to attend and unite for victory
next November.
Rnn Over by a Wagon.
T. B. Johnston, an old card-writer, was pass
ng the entrance to a livery stable at Twelfth
and Market streets last nipht when he was run
over by a wagon. The wheels passed over his
right leg breaking it below the knee. He was
taKen to the Receiving Hospital.
NEW TO-DAY.
Where is the woman
who does not like to
have her baby fat and
chubby and cunning?
And where is the
woman who does not
like to have rosy cheeks
and plumpness herself?
Scott Emulsion of
Cod-liver Oil is for
both/ but its merit is
44 peculiar to itself ft and
its effect cannot be had
by using any substitute
for it,
NEW TO-I»AY— AMUSEMENTS.
O'FarreU Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Week Commencing Monday, June Bth,
A GREAT BiLL OF NOVELTIES!
Edison's Latest Wonder, The
a acoPE ! .
Marvel of the 19th Century.
HAVES and POST, ..LMA HERZOG,
THi. MARIMBA PLAYERS.
24 ALL STAR ARTISTS 34
Reserved Seats, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera Chairs
and Box Seats, 50c. , ■ ■ '.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsomest Family Theater in America.
WALTER MOKO3CQ, Sole Lease* and .Manama:
THIS EVENING AT EIGHT.
—INITIAL PRODUCTION IN THIS CITY
Of Frank Harvey's Latest Success,
BROTHER AGAINST BROTHER!
• . An Interestinc Story of To-day,
Full of Action, Humor and Pathos.
£vKtisn Prick.*— and 5>3.
family Circle and Gallery. 10&
Usual Matinee* Saturday ana Sunday.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
WEDNESDAY AND THURSDAY EV'GS
The picture play,
"MISS JERRY,"
MISS DON M. CANN, VOCALIST.
PRICES-25C, sOc and 75c.
Seats at Sherman, Clay & Co.'s. \U'--
SUTRO_BATHS.
OPEN DAILY FROM 7 A. M. TO 11 P.M.
GRAND ELECTRICAL STKREOPTI-
CON EVERY EVENING.
| Beautiful Pictures, Magnificent Color-
, ings. Prominent Sights and Scenes. -
GENEUAL ADMISSION—
Adults, 10c "/ '..'.'.'■ — Children, So.
JUDGING BY FACES.
Tour True Condition Can Be Told by
This Most Infallible Means.
The face is a true index to the state of the
health and a person's looks will always show
when anything serious Is the matter. For in
stance, the signs of a run-down system are
plainly indicated by wrinkled brows, a pale or
sallow complexion, dullness of the eyes, bad
breath, dark circles under the eyes, twitching
of the muscles and a tired, miserable expres
sion.
There are thousands of men and women who
bear these signs of ill-health in their faces. We
meet them in the street", in the cars, at church
and elsewhere. All of them show the imprint
of sickness, unhappiness and misery. Ask
them if anything ails them, ani in most cases
they will tell you they suffer from tired feel
ings, strange sensations, dyspepsia, constipa
tion and loss of vitality.
But is there no way for such people to change
their sickly appearance into looks of health
and vigor? Yes, but not without help. Nature
requires and must have assistance. The sys
tem needs stimulating, strengthening and
building up. How? Simply by the use of a
pure, medical stimulant, and for this purpose
there is nothing better than pure malt whiskey. .
Leading physicians and scientific men hnve
declared this fact and it has also been proved
by experience that no whiskey is so pure and
strengthening as Duffy's pure malt. It stimu
lates healthfully, fet-ds the wasted tissues,
quickens the circulation and invigorates the
whole body. All grocers and druggists keep
Duffy's pure malt, but in purchasiug see ihat
yon get no inferior imitation. Accept only the
genuine, for nothing else can produce the
same effects.
3.11 fiiifet/
KNITiJ"INGCO.
120 SutterSt., rooms 21-24, S. F.,
Take Elevator.
ONLY HEADQUARTERS FOR
# Bathing
1 9m- : Suits
N^K^ SWEATERS,
Km BICYCLE
jf* SUITS,
■*"■ ' l\|-^__ For Men,
j£jl Women and
-^J^r^. Children.
Newest Styles. Most Reasonable Prices.
We will remove to 105 Post street on or
about July 6, 1896.
Send for Illustrated Catalogues.
DEALERS.— Write us for trade
prices. You c=in do best with us.
NEW TO-DAT— AMUSEMENTS.
AL HAYMAN & GO'S THEATERS.
I h"'»' ~T i TO-NIGHT I
Baldwin wsl
1 ' ONLY.
MATINEE SATURDAY.
INSTANTANEOUS AND
UNEQUIVOCAL SUCCESS
The Distinguished Comedian,
NAT. C. GOODWIN
And His Superb Company
In an Elaborate Production of
"IN MIZZOURA"
By Augustus Thomas, Esq., Author of "Alabama."
VTA. Sterling and Wholesome Play
of intense interest and brilliant comedy.
AT THE NEXT
CALIFORNIA MONDAY NIGHT,
Star Cast DRAMATIC STOCK CO.,
Presenting the Latest Lyceum Theater Success,
"THE HOME SECRETARY."
>eat« Ready Thursday.
Prices— lsc. 25c, 35c. 50c, 75c.
I rmCDLAnOLfUOTTLOD** G>- Ltiit3Anorwr«4tß»--
CARRY """"A REGULAR
THE McKINLEY
NEWS BOOM
AGAIN A TRIUMPH!
AGAIN CROWDED TO THK DOORS!
DID YOU HEAR OP
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY'S
GREAT SUCCESS LAST NIGHT !
William H. Crane's Play,
BROTHER JOHN
WITH THK OLD FAVORITES,
AND SOME NEW ONES,
As Big a Hit as the First Play.
Next Monday- 'THE CHARITY BALI,"
De MUle and Belasco's Great Success. ■
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
MBS. I-.B.VK9HNK Kbxlino, Proprietor .\laua£ac
THIS EVE3XTIKTG
FIRST PRESENTATION IN THIS CITY
Of uelllnger's Melodious Romantic Comic Opera
LORRAINE
"A STORY OF COURT AND CAMP."
STIRRING FINALES! •
Beautiful Numbers! Superb Ensembles!
First Appearances of Reappearance of . -
Miss Mabik Millabd, Miss Louise koyck,
Prlma Donna Soprano. The Favorite soubrette.
A Perfect Production in Every Detail.
LOOK OUT FOR —
"THE TRIP TO THE MOON '."
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
__ , _ —
MACDONOUGH THEATER ,
(OAKLAND).
TO-NIOHT-One Night Only, v : yt.hA Z
ADA REHAN and the Daly Company.
In "THE SCHOOL FOX SCANDAL."
Choice seats selling. Reserved seats 50c to $2.
"June 22-23— .Nat. C. Goodwin In "Mizzoura."
THE CHUTES
ONLY OPEN SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
AFTERNOONS AND KVENINGB until
completion of improvements,
Unless Otherwise Specially Stated.
PACIFIC COAST
JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleside Track).
FIVE OR MORE RACES DAILY.
(RAIN OK SHINE.)
FIRST RACE AT 2:00 P. H.
ADMISSION 81. 00.
TRke Southern Facilic trains at Third and Town-
send streets Depot, leaving at 12:40 and 1:15 p. v. '
Fare for round trip, including admission to graai
stand, $1. Take Muusion-aireet electric Una dlraoa
to track.
A. B. SPRKCKELSh W. S. LEAKS,
President. b»cretarr<
78
WAS A WOMAN
OF MYSTERY
Mrs. McDougall's Life Was
as Strange as Her
Death.
ASSOCIATED WITH CRIME
She Claimed to Have Unwill
ingly Assisted Opium-
Smugglers.
JOHN W. HAY IS IMPROVING.
He Rallied Yesterday Morning, and
Was Removed to the German
Hospital.
Mrs. Kittie M. McDougall, who. shot
and in all probability mortally wounded
John W. Hay, and then endei her own
existence by sending a bullet through her
heart, in a lodging-house at 330 McAllister
street, Sunday evening, was a woman of
mystery.
She posed as a United States secret
service agent at times, and again as a
court stenograpner and typewriter. In
cidentally she would state that she was a
tourist, traveling on R. H. McDougall's
(her husband's) money. On various other
occasions she alleged that bhe had pro
cured a divorce from McDougall and was
shortly to marry a prominent Portland
attorney.
Although of short stature and slender,
Mrs. McDougall was quite prepossessing.
She had a wealth of fluffy hair which was
as black as the proverbial raven's wing,
and if her cheeks were colorless, and ber
complexion as white as wax, it all only
served to accentuate the darkness of her
hair and eyes, the pupils of the latter being
actually of a lighter color than their sur
rounding beds. Those who knew her best
bay that she was witty, shrewd and calcu
lating, but, notwithstanding these quali
ties, the darkness of her eyes, the most
]>eculiar feature of her appearance, bespoke
her cruelty, and caused her acquaintances
to fear her and feel that she was a reckless
and altogether dangerous woman.
The tragedy of the Sabbath evening
proved that their fears were only too truly
grounded.
What her object was in visiting this City
is as mysterious as was her life. At times
she wa3 inclined to partake of wine
slightly to excess. During these periods
brr friends say that she became very talk
ative and told some strange tales, which
were evidently true, as they were of a too
serious nature to he taken lightly. As
one instance, she stated that the" object
s-ho had in view when she visited this City
was to procure certain information from a
convict in San Quentin regarding opium
smuggling, which had been carried on for
years on the Oregon coast. She was con
fident that in case she procured the infor
mation she was seeking it would be the
means of placing a number of prominent
tteople behind the bars and releasing a
number of men who had been convicted of
smuggling the repulsive drug.
"On the night that George H. Sayres
was murdered in Portland, a shocking
tragedy which occurred in that city a few
ypars ago," said .Mrs. McDougall to a
friend a few days ago, "I was invited to
attend a rowing party, and, as entertain
ments are not numerous in that city, I
decided to attend. The party started out
in a boat and headed down the river, and
I then noticed that we were making for a
small schooner which was anchored close
in to the shore about two miles distant
from us. When we reached the schooner
its captain and ons of the gentlemen of
our party engaged in conversation, and in
a few minutes a number of packages,
which I have since learned contained
opium, was placed on board. We rowed
back as rapidly as possible and on the
way home passed a boat in which were
'Bunko' Kelly, and, if 1 am not greatly
mistaken, X. N, Steves. We proceeded to
the shore and buried the opium. As it
happened the next morning the body of
Sayres was found not thirty paces from
where we made our opium plant."
" 'Bunko' Kelly and Steves were immedi
ately suspected of murdering old- man
Savers, and were promptly arrested.
'i>unfco' Kelly was convicted, and is now
serving a life sentence in the Oregon peni
tentiary. X. N. Steves has so far escaped
conviction, and is now out under heavy
bonds awaiting trial.
•' 'Bunko' Kelly was living with a wo
man in Portland who was much wanted by
tue police, and through my innocently be
coming entangled in the smuggling case
they forced me to shield this woman and
keep her under cover during the progress
of Kelly's trial. For weeks and weeks
this woman was afraid to leave the house,
and it would have been dangerous to have
carried food into the house in an open
manner.
"We were in aquandary fora while, but
I finally concluded to carry the young
woman the necessaries of life in my
yockets. I did this for a number of
months and ruined many valuable dresses
and coats, but I was amply recompenced
by the men who had made me an unwill
ing 'tool.' If I procure the evidence lam
looking for I will return to Portland and
place the alleged murderer behind the
bars for the rest of his life, or else my
silence shall be deemed golden by them,
and golden to the extreme."
The detectives in this City are now busy
ing themselves in searching the woman's
effects for any clew which may tell them
the story of her past life.
Captain Lees and Detective Seymour
found yesterday a letter which was ad
dressed as fallows:
In information— To whom It may concern:
In case of nay sudden death to be opened by
proper persons. Kittie McDougall.
Feesno, May 5.
I wish to write here to-night, as I am quite
flfraid that I, Mrs. Kittie McDougall, have
been in the habit of taking morphine for some
years for hemorrhages from the lungs and of
late I have experienced some very strange
sensations after taking morphine and have
been afraid it might some time prove fatal. I
do not wish any one else to be blamed or to
have the wrong impression given of the affair
in case of any accident of this kind,
l'lease telegraph to R. H. McDougall, Benton
Hotel, St. Louis, Mo., or cure bumdar.l Portrait
< 0., 310 and 312 Van Buren street West, Chi
cago. 111.; also to \V. Scott Beebe, 103 Third
street, care of Pope & Hollisier, Portland, Or.,
and leave all my effects as they are until you
hear from my husband. All expenses wili be
promptly met when he is advised of the fact;
also as it cannot do any good after all is over
to publish the matter let the public think it
was due to heart trouble, as I have been
troubled with that for a long time, and pre
sume that that accounts for the sudden change
ami harm that the medicine has wrought.
This is I hope to fall into good hands, and be
as kind as possible for my dear mother's, and
husband's, Hnd friends' sakes in regard ta keep
ing the matter secret if it is to be. I sign this
in my right mind and while in perfect control
and in full possession of all faculties.
Mrs. Kittie McDougall.
The only note found from Hay to her
was one of date June 6. It was brief :
Just got your note. Will see you at Bush.
and Montgomery at 9 o'clock to-night.
Jack.
A teleerram from her husband, R. H. Mc-
Doneail, from St. Louis, dated May 3, and
MRS. Ml>"A McDOUGALL.
[From a photograph.]
addressed to his wife, care of Judge F.
Church, Fresno, was also found. It reads:
Have written to arrange. Come East, leav
ing Fresno May 12.
It was evident from this that she in-
tended joining her husband at that time,
but had changed her mind. The let
ters from her husband were couched in
the most affectionate terms and he had
apparently no knowledge of her intrigues
with other men.
Her marriage certificate was also found
among her papers. It showed that they
were married in Kalamazoo, Mich., on
September 30, 1884, by Rev. A. W. Gould,
pastor of the First Metnodist Episcopal
Cnurch, the witnesses being Helen Wells
and Mary Beckwith. Her maiden name
was Kittie M. Wells.
Captain .Lees said that from his investi
gation he was satisfied that Hay's state
ment that she shot him and then shot
herself was correct.
Hay rallied somewhat yesterday morn
ing and there is now a hope that he will
recover. His father and mother and
cousin drove to the hospital early yester
day morning and his mother remained at
his bedside all night nursing him. Dr.
Morse was given the case yesterday morn
ing and by his orders the wounded man
was removed to the German Hospital in
the afternoon.
Drs. Morse and Weil performed an
operation upon Hay at the hospital yes
terday afternoon by opening the pleiiral
cavity and washing it out. If he should
live for the next twenty-four hours he will
probably recover.
According to the wounded man, Mrs.
McDougall made another attempt upon
the life of John Hay. They were in the
Russ House, where Hay had to leave her
room and seek refuge with Mr. Polinski,
who resides at the corner of Geary and
Mason streets.
A few minutes later Mrs. McDougall
knocked at the door of Mr. Polinskfs
room and was admitted. She walked over
to Hay and said, "So you are going to
quit me, Jack?" When he answered
"yes," she drew a revolver and was about
to shoot when Polinski wrenched the un
loaded revolver away. The woman was
hurried away.
The following dispatch from Portland
tells of the woman's "actions in that City:
PORTLAND, Ok., June B.— Mrs. Mina
McDougall, who is the central figure in
the double tragedy in San Francisco last
night, was well known in Portland as hav
ing perpetrated a series of blackmniling
schemes on a few prominent business men
here.
Mrs. McDougall left an elegantly fur
nished house on Eleventh street a few
weeks ago and disappeared under such
circumstances as led to the belief that she
had made away with herself. The house
was seized for debt to numerous creditors
who trusted the fascinating grass widow.
She liked good wine, fine clothes and
fast horses, and during the time she tar
ried here she led some young men of the
town a merry pace with their cash. She
was known under an alias here. It is
known that two of her blackmailing
schemes worked to perfection.
She represented that her daughter — an
adopted soiled dove— had been led astray
through association with a couple of gay
young men with wealthy parents. By
making pathetic appeals to their fathers
she obtained her price, and this accounts
for the sudden departure of well-known
young society men for Europe.
Mrs. McDougall was divorced from her
husband in this State about a year ago,
and a contest in the courts over the child
was carried up to the Supreme Court. It
is stated that the husband is in Seattle and
that he was formerly with John
Rutledge & Sons Wire Company of New
York City. Mrs. McDougall's infatuation
for another man Jed to her separation from
her husband, and when deserted by her
lover she became an adept adventuress,
and her accomplishments were such that
she was equally at home as queen of a
drawing-room or on the keyboard of a
typewriter.
BY NATURE A THIEF.
Flora Hoalt, Known as the "Thieving
Servant Girl," Arrested for
Grand Larceny.
Flora Hoalt, a pretty girl 20 years of age,
was arrested last night by Detectives An
thony and Crockett and booked at the
City Prison on the charge of grand larceny.
Flora, although young in years, is well
known to the police as the "thieving ser
vant girl." She first came to their notice
about a year and a half ago, when com
plaints were received about her.
She procured a situation with a Mrs.
Arnold on Haight street, and aftes a few
days disappeared, taking with her all the
jewelry and clothes she could carry away.
She next went to tbe house of Mrs.
Berman on Webster street, where she*
walked off with jewelry and clothing.
Theodore Conn, 828 Union 6treet, was the
next victim. She stole about |iOO worth
of articles from his house.
After considerable trouble she was ar
rested and got six months in the House
of Correction. She served her sentence,
and nothing more was heard of her till a
few days ago when Mrs. Webber, 4<;.;i ;
Jessie street, notified the police that her
servant girl, whom she had engaged on
May 28, had disappeared and taken with
her $100 worth of jewelry, silk dresses and
other articles.
Shooting: at Alameda.
The California Tournament Association will
hold its opening shoot on Its new grounds nt
Alameda Point July 4 and 5. All clubs and in
dividuals interested in trap-snooting are cor
dially invited to attend.
Justice Field Coming.
Chief Justice Stephen J. Field is on his way
to San Francisco from Washington with his
Wile. He will probably rernaiu here until tue
middle of September for his health.
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
ENRICHED BY
HALE A MILLION
Delinquent Taxes Paid the
State by the South
ern Pacific.
DUE FOR NINE YEARS.
Their Validity Tested Before the
Highest Tribunal in the
Land.
FUNDS PROCURED WITH EASE.
This Vast Sum Raised by the Corpora
tion Supposed to Be "Hard Up"
on Three Days' Notice.
In Judge llobbard's court there was
entered a record yesterday which, though
brief, meant that the State had been made
richer by more than a half miliion dollars.
This entry showed that a judgment for
$.540,485 99 delinquent taxes of the South
ern Pacific and Central Pacific railroads
had been satisfied.
This ends a cause that has been stub
bornly fought on both sides ever since the
suit was instituted in 1889. It has en
gaged the attention of the Superior and
Supreme courts of California and of the
highest tribunal in the land, and its final
settlement is the cause of great gratifica
tion among railroad people, for it is now
their boast that they do not owe a single
do'lar for taxes inthis State.
The original judgment of Judge Heb
bard was for nearly a million dollars, in
cluding taxes assessed by the Board of
Equalization for the year 1887, which had
become delinquent, and interest and at
torney fees.
An appeal was taken from the judgment
of Judge Hebbard and carried to the Su
preme Court of the State.
Here Judge Hebbard's decision was af
firmed, but the original judgment was re
duced in the matter of interest aud cer
tain fees.
From this decision and judgment the
Southern Pacific Company appealed to the
United States Supreme Court on a writ of
error. That tribunal, a short time ago, af
firmed the decision of the California Su
preme Court and the satisfaction of judg
ment entered in Judge Hebbard's court
yesterday was under that decision. As
finally adjudicated the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company's taxes, penalties, in
terest, costs, attorneys' fees, etc., amounted
to $257.820 63, and those of the Central
Pacific Railroad to $288,665 36. .
Of the above sura there was originally
$41,015 62 allowed for attorneys' fees, but
the accruing interest ran tho amount up to
$50,625 80.
Penalties and costs in the first place were
127,343 61. These, with interest up to date,
amounted to $33,750 37.
The entire sum of $546,4&5 99 was paid
yesterday to W. W. Douglas., Deputy State
Controller, acting on behalf of the State,
in the form of a check by N. T. Smith,
treasurer of the Southern Pacific Com
pany. Douglas came to Ban Francisco
from Sacramento for the special purpose
of adjusting this matter with E. B. Ryan
of the Southern Pacific Company, whose
special charge is to look after the taxes of
the big corporation. Their figures, com
puted independently, tallied to a dollar.
Accompanied by J. E. Foulds, an at
tache of the law department of the South
ern Pacific Company, the party of three
waited on J. B. Langhorne, who had ably
represented the State during the entire
period of litiaation and arranged for the
settlement of the case and the entering of
the satisfaction of the judgment.
In view of the general impression that
the Southern Pacific Company was in sore
straits, so far as ready money is concerned,
an interesting feature of this denouement
of the famous railroad-tar case is that the
company had but three days' notice that
it would be required to make this pay
ment of over half a million dollars, yet
not the slightest difficulty was experiencedn ced
in raising the money.
Sued for Life Insurance.
The estate of John H. Knarston has entered
suit for $5000 on a life-insurance policy held
by him in the Connecticut Indemnity Associ
ation. Payment was refused on the ground
that Knarston was not Insured in ihut com
pany.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
CHINA BASIN TO
BE IMPROVED.
No Intention of the Valley
Road to Abandon
the Place.
RUMORS WITHOUT BASIS
All the Terms of the Lease Said
to Have Been Fully Com
plied With.
IN NO DANGER OF FORFEITURI
Vice-President Watt and Chief Engi
neer Storey Are Emphatic in
•Their Views.
According to the opinion of two of the
chief officers of the San Francisco and San
Joaquin Valley Railway nothing has trans
pired or been neglected that in any way
affects its fifty years' lease of China Basin
from the State, to be used as terminal
property.
At the session of the Harbor Commis
sioners last Thursday the matter came up
for discussion in an incidental manner,
and Engineer Holmes was instructed to
investigate the matter and report at the
next meeting of the board.
In the course of this debate Commis
sioner Chadbourne declared it was com
mon talk among those who pro/essed to
know that the Valley road intended ask
ing for Jackson-street pier for a terminal,
and asserted further that the Valley road
did not desire China Basin.
It was also claimed that by reason of not
doing a certain prescribed amount of work
on this property it was liable to forfeiture.
Vice-President Robert Watt of the Val
ley road, who is at present acting presi
dent, when spoken to on the subject yes
terday said:
"We have done everything required by
the terms of the lease and the law under
which the lease is made. The Harbor
Commissioners and Governor knew very
well when the lease was given us that we
could not avail ourselves of it immedi
ately, and it would be no use building a
depot at China Basin until we had built
our railroad to that point.
"The terms of the lease required us to
make a beginning within six months and
to pay a rental of $1000 a year. We have
complied with these conditions and have
not asked for anything else."
Cnief Engineer W. B. Storey Jr. was
equally emphatic in his opinion that the
rights of the Valley road to China Basin
were intact. He said :
"We certainly want China Basin and
intend to carry out our plans so far as
China Basin is concerned. They have not
been changed one particle.
, "We began work there according to tbe
terms of our contract with the State, and
that was all that was necessary to do at
that time, and onr rights, therefore, still
hold under that lease.
"It is onr intention to do everything
necessary to hold our rights intact until
such time us our road is built to a connec
tion that will give it a terminus at China
Basin."
It is believed that tfte attempt of the
California Navigation and Improvement
Company to secure additional wharf space
is what led to the idea that the Valley
road intended to abandon China Basin.
This steamship company, which operates
between Ktocktcn and this City, is negoti
ating for the transportation of the Valley
road's freight and passengers between this
City and Stockton until the Valley road
has itsjown facilities between these points.
FOX'S NATURAL ENEMIES
The Hale & Norcross People
Preparing for Another
Fight.
Pointed Excerpts From the Statements
on Motion for a New
Trial.
The Hale & Norcross Silver Mining
Company is preparing to make a vigorous
legal fight for a new trial and also against
the decision of Judge Hebbard awarding
M. W. Fox $803,000.
The motion for a new trial will come up
for hearing in a few days and in tbe mean
time the attorneys for the defendant cor
poration will perfect their statement and
bill of exceptions.
The statement has already been drafted
by Messrs. Garber, Bolt & Bishop, Lloyd
tt Wood and W. E. F. Deal of the attor
neys for the defense and submitted to
Messrs. Baggett, McKissick and E. 8.
Pillsbury, the legal representatives of M.
W. Fox in the million-dollar fight.
According to Judge Hebbard's decision
Mr. Fox looks to the Hale & Norcross Sii
ver Mining Company for about $800,000,
w hich the court said had been wrongfully
kept from the plaintiff Fox by the de
fendant corporation, the means used hav
ing been described heretofore at length.
In the statement of the Hale & Norcross
Company it will be objected that the court
had no right to allow the introduction of
testimony by which to prove that the ores
of the Consolidated Virginia Mining Com
pany and the Overman Mining Company
were worked up, at a percentage of 80 per
cent of the car sample assay, whereas the
defendants made a return of 52 per cent.
In tbe Fo£ Buit it was contended that
the ores were worked at tlie percentage as
quoted above, and that the return to the
stockholders was 30 per cent less. The
court, instead of allowing the full car
sample assay of 80 per cent, which would
have brought the judgment up to some
thing well over a million, allowed 67)^
percentage, or $803,000, for the plaintiff.
The defense will claim that the ores, the
car samples of which averaged 80 per cent,
were from a different mine and taken out
subsequently to the ores under contro
versy. An objection will also be made to
the introduction of the company's books
showing that ore mined or car sample of
88 or 89 percentage had been returned at
51 and 52. This objection will be made on
the ground that the ores were taken out
prior to the controversy.
These are the essential objections, and
they arise in fifty or more lorms in the
statement now being prepared. In short,
it is claimed that the testimony on' which
the court based its decision in favor of
Fox for nearly $1,000,000 was irrelevant,
inadmissible and calculated to mislead
the judicial mind.
If the motion for a new trial is denied
the case will be fought by strong legal
forces in the Supreme Court.
1 eJSfr!' * a multitude
, T^ZSsJi &>~\W l OF CURES.
The wonderworker of the nineteenth century is the great
remedio=treatment, Hudyan. Multitudes of men in different walks
of life have been cured and have praised the great remedio=treatment,
Hudyan.
"No tongue can tell it's value, no heart express the true grati-
tude, no voice sound its actual praise." Why? Because Hudyan
makes man. The great remedio=treatment is a man=maker.
Hudyan cures falling sensations, dizziness, blues, lost vigor,
neurasthenia, nervous exhaustion, drains and lost or failing man-
hood. This new discovery has elicited heartfelt praise from some of
the most eminent doctors. liudyan is harmless, but no one else can
administer Hudyan except the old doctors of the Hudson Medical
Institute. Weak men, in mind or body, come and be restored. Put
away false pride and false modesty— be a man. Circulars and testi-
monials of this new wonder- worker will be given or sent to all who
call or all who write Hudson Medical Institute, Market, Stockton
and Ellis streets. ■
Pjlllllfllllllg|lllililll|llllllg|gll|^^
Hi te
5] ... _ ■ JM
1 rwISM W / f^ I
I « "Takes the Cake." |
[si t
I PLUG i
Hj \SEsr g
m You may have money to g
1 burn/ but even so, you needn't |
| throw it away* For JO cents you |
ID get almost twice as much "Battle I
m HE
ID Ax" as you do of other high grades |
ii for the same money* M
The most pop- •■ '$W!A trade '/,
ular shirts of iffy jj^|-f"&* \
the season are %V / j? f= j?
the "STANDARD" VV WI
Percales and Outing Shirts.
The designs are most unique
and up-to-date. Don't accept
substitutes. None Just as
good."
NEUSTADTER BROS., Mfrs., S..'f-.
rlf */ "* —
•£ '96 Model Highest Grade. \{\
I~J Fully guaranteed for one year. j^j
9 vC FIRST PERWEEK g^
& WW PAYMENT I? L 40 WEEKS f-3
| INDIANA BICYCLE CO.M
rjj :18 20 McAllister St.. j It}
$•* .Open Evenings. San Francisco. J'' •
EsB&ESZPJ WIIiCOX COMPOUND
Tft WIJLCOX COMPOUND
ANSY9P/LLS
«« m ,soM Safoand SUEE. Always reliable. Take
nosnostltute. Forsaleby alldruegists. j:.oo. Bend
4c. for Woman- .? Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIC
CO.. 228 SOUTH EIGHTH KT..riIILADA..i\A.
THESIJCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES 1 GRILL ROOM
OF THE —
PALACE HOTEL.
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UXTII, MIDNIGHT.
RAILROAD TRAVELS
Atlantic
Trains leave from and arrive faVs9srilrt^£fc
at Market-street Ferry. 3^T^
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. Direct Lino
Leaves every day at 5 p. m., carrying Pullmaa
Palace Sleepers and Tourist Sleepers to Chicago
via Kansas City without change. Annex cars for
Denver and at. Louis.
The I'ounlivr bA.xTA FB ROUTE EXCUR-
SIONS leave every WEDNESDAY for BOSTON
I with the very latest up-to-date upholstered tourist
| sleepers, in charge of experienced agents, omnins
through to destination.
The best railway from California to the East.
' New rails, new ties: no dust: interesting scenery;,
! and good meals in Harvey's dining-room*.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
■ Chronicle gliding.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
j (Via Sausalito Ferry).
From San Francisco, Commencing March 29i 189*
•WEEKDAYS.
Fox Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00. *8!00
•0:15 10:15, 11:45. i a. m.: »IUB, i::0, 4:15,
6:15, *6:0 O. F. M. M
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«lM»
aayß and Saturdays at 11:30 P. Ac .
Wn Mffl Valley and Rafa«4-»8:00. '^00,
**t Mm Valley and San Rafa«J-»S :00, »9:0(\
i •10:0B,11:8Ua. u.;**irSJ. •] :30, •2:15, *4:00,
; 6:30, 6:15, 8:30 p. v. Extra trip to Sauaalitoa*
11:00 a. m.
Trains marked • run to Saa Quentin. ••12:St
p. x. does n?t run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. : ''-i.
I 1:45 F. M. weekdays— Cazadero and w_y station*,
I 800 A. m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations. .
1 B*o a. M. Sundays— roiat Reyes aaa w^y stations
RAILROAD TRAVEIJ
SOUTHERN PACIFIC COMPANY.
; • (rACIFIO SYSTEM.)
Trains leave »u«1 »ro <Iho to »rrlT« at
SAN FUAM'IM'U.
IE aye — Fi:o >f May 3, 1"96. — ARRtra
•C:0«U Nilea, San Jose and Way Station*. . . 8:43 a
7:OOa Atlantic r I 111 111. Og'lcn and Nast.. 8:43*
7:00 a Bcnida, VacavUle, Rumaoy. Sacra-
mento, and Keddirjg via DaTis .... •>4Sp
7:09 a Martinez, San Ramon, ffapa, Cilia-
toga and Santa Bow 6:lSr
B:!tOANiles, San Jose, Stockton,' lone.
Sacramento, Marysville, Red llluff
auilSuDd33T3 escepted Oroiilie.... 4tlsp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *T:lsf
O:OOa Los Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.m Angeles 4t4Sp
9:00 a Martinez and Stockton 10:15 a,
O:OOa Vallejo 6:15p
1:00? Nilcs, San Jose and Livermore...... 8:45*
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers »«:OO p
fl:3op Port Costa and Way Stations f7:43»
4:OOp Martinez, Ran Ramon, Vallojo,
Napa, Calistoga, IX Verauo and
Bai-.taßosa...:!; »: 1 5 *
<:••* Bonicia, VacaviJle, Woodland,
Knights Landing, Marysville,
Orovillo anil Sacramento 10:48 a
4:3orNile3, San Jose, Livermore and
M Stockton 7:»5»
4:307 Merced, lierenda, Raymond (for
Yosernitc) and Fresno 11:4*4,
0:99r New Orleans ]''xprcr.3,Fresno,Bakers-
field, Santa TJarlmva.Los Angeles,
Semiiig, El Paso, New Orleans and ,
East I*ilSa 1
SiOOp .Santa Fu Route, Atlantic Express
for Mojavc and East 10:15 a
S:—t VeUejo 11:45 a
S:OOi> European Mall, Ogden and East.... 1): 15*.
G:OOi> lluyirarda, Niks and San Jose 7:45*
J7:ooi- Vallejp f7:43p
7MOp Oregon Sacramento. Warys-
*-. .. . Tilled l:«tldln(f, Portland, I'uget
■ Sound and East 18:45 a
SANTA CXII/ DIVISION Qnrroir linage). ~~
~ {7:43 a Santa Cruz Excnrsion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Stations IStMr
■ :13a C'en tcrvi l le.Kan. lose, Felton,
•. ... Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations Si9«r
•S:18r Newark. Centertllle, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Crfelr,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •11i2«4
4ilsp Newark. San Jose and Tios Galos. ■ . . »:."»> a
COAST DIVISION (Iliinl A 'I'owineiul til*.)
•6:43 a San Jose and Way Stations (New *
Almaden Wcdneudays only) *1:43r
{7:30 a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz. Pacific Grove, ana
Principal Way Stations I8:84r
■:13a Son Joso, Tres Finos, Hanta Cruz,
Pacillo Crore, Paso Robles, San
Luis Ol'isiio, Guadalupo and Prin-
cipal Way Stations' 7:oSpi
t»:47A Palo Alto and Way Stations Ui43p
1O:4O« .San Jose and Way Stations S:00p
11:43 a Palo Alto ami Way Stations S:3op
*2:30p San Jose, Gllrny, Tres Pinos. Santa
Cruz, Sallnas,Monterey and Pacific
Grove *10:40 a
•:s:aop San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:47 a
•4:3opSan Jose and Way Station* *8:00 a
5:30 c Joso and Way Stations »8:4»a
O::»»i> San Jose and Way Stations 15:35*.
fUi3sp San Jose and Way Stations f?:4Hp
' SAN LKASDKO ANl> HAYWAKDN LO<:AL.
{*6:OOa 1 7 7: 13 i
8:00 a 10:45 a
»S:SSt Melr^,Seml M ryP.rk, i^» A
<X a:SSp Fltehbnry,SaaLeaadro «««;
3:00p ! - m A 4:ISp
4:OOp " " a " 0:45p
S:OOp n..-.^. O:13p
O:3Op HajTWMM. T:4o*
7:00p Bl4flp
O-OOp « through to Kl)w. ioisOp
ttll:lspj tFromNUes. t'lg:OOp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIN PRaXCISCO oot or Market Stre«t (Slip 8)—
•7:15 0:C0 11:00 a.m. }l:03 *2:00 13:C0
•4:00 t5:00. *6:oOp.>i. -
from OAKLAND— rootorßroidwT.— "6:00 8:00
10:00 a.m. t!2:00 *1:00 J2.-0D *3:CO ti:CB
*3:QOr.M.
■ ■
A for Morning. p for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. i Saturdays only.
, • t Sunday* only.
i * '-- "' 1 '" •''■••• ■"■•!
I ■
SMFRAMSCO&SORTHPI-
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry-Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS-7:30, 9:00, 11:00 a. if.: 13:33,
3:30, 5:10, 6:30 p.m. Thursdays— Kxtra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
BDNDAYS-7:30, 9:30, 11:00 a. it; 1:30, 3:3*
6:00, 6:20 p.m.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:I*, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a. it;
12:45, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:55 p. M.and 6:35 p. v.
BUND AYS— 7:3S, 9:35. 11:10 a. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 P. M.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetren Park sama
schedule as above. - .
.Leave Tn -•»„,* Arrive
San Francisco. |prii a Ban Fra nclseo.
Week i Bux- T-.tfi^'ion 6v *' I Wkkk
Days. I days. destination. hays. | Days.
7:30 am 7:30 am Xovato, 1 10:40 AMI 8:40 am
3:30 0:30 am j Petaluma, 6:05 pm 10:10 am
s:lopm 5:00 pm | Santa Rosa. 7:30 pm 6:15 pic
Fulton, " "~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 AM
Heaidsburg,
Geyservllle,
3:3Qpm 7:30 am Cloverdale. 7:30 pm 6:15 pk
~~ Heta, .
7:3oam I Eopland & 10:10 am
3;3Or*i 7:30 am Ukiah. 7:30 pm 6:15 pm
7 :30 am " 10:10 am
7:3OAM|GuernevUle. 7:30
3:30 tm j ■ . 6:15 pm
7:30 am 7:30 am Sonoma 10:40 AMI B*4o am
6:10 5:00 pk and 6:05 fm - 6:15 pm
! Glen Ellen.
I;lBpM|l;ggpM|^a 3tO p<>l.llo; 0 0^ [ 10:10AK
Stages connect at Santa Kosa for Mark WMt
I Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska<r<?s .Springs- at
for the Geysers; at Pleta for Highland
j J-prlnKs. Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and uHcepoYi;- at
> opland for Lakeport and Barrett Sprigs' at
j Ukiah tor Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs. Blno
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake. I'omo Potter
alley, John Day's, Lierley's, Bucknell'ii San
hedrn .Heights. Hullville. Boonevllle GreeS*
wood, On-. Hot Springs, Mendoctno city Fon
' Bragg. Westport, Usal, Wlllets, Cahto. Covbi^
Laytonvlile, Harris, Scotia and Eureka. U>vel0 '
raus 1 "'' 1 * 5 ' toMondav round-trip tickets atreduoed
ro°nilrn d^aTa^Mel etB " M »> l ** *»*
i ■Gn. aianager. Gea. Paas. Ageat.MISS ASHLEY'S
BOSTON RECORD
Interesting Disclosures De
veloped in Yesterday's
Trial.
NEW WITNESS ARRIVES.
Detective Wood Gives Damag
ing Testimony Against
Plaintiff:
DECLARED HER A BLACKMAILER
Claimed to Have Living Evidence
Against Her of Many Other
Misdeeds.
The arrival of Detective James R. "Wood
of Boston has infused new interest into
the Ashley trial. In the brief time that he
was on the witness-siand yesterday afttr
JAMES R. WOOD, THE DETECTIVE FROM BOSTON.
noon he gave an account of incidents that
happened in the East, which, to put it
mildly, would prove very interesting if it
could appear in fall. Besides his oral testi
mony a letter of the witness was intro
duced, despite the objection of Mr. Crit
tenden, Miss Ashley's attorney, which, as
a cenuine scathing is rarely matched.
Farmer John Osborn of Oregon was
asked further about the love letters he had
•written to Miss Ashley. Incidentally, a
conversation he had in Lawyer Johnson's
office was gone over in which Osborn had
said of Miss Ashley that she "had carried
out what she said she would; if Baldwin
knew what I know he would not want me
as hia witness."
After flome inquiries about Mr. Osborn's
trip home to Oregon he was allowed to de
part and Detective Wood was sworn.
Mr. Wood, who served through the Civil
War under Burnside, Hooker, Meade and
Grant, has been a detective in Boston for
the past thirty-two j-ears. He has been at
his present quarters,2s6 Washington street,
Boston, nearly seventeen years and first
became acquainted with Miss Ashley in
June, 1893.
Detective Wood went to Misa Askley to
rind out what the intended to do in regard
to Colonel Albert A. Pope, whom she was
then 'trying to see. Bhe acknowledged
that she was going lo Pope's home to see
his wife and she declared that she would
see Pope or commit suicide by taking a
bottle of laudanum, which she had with
bet then. When Wood asked her why
she was persecuting the colonel, she de
clared that he-had ruined her and she was
going to make him settle. A year before,
in 1892, Miss Ashiey claimed that she had
been sent by a charitable woman to
Colonel Pope, who, she was told, was
charitably inclined and would assist her.
Accordingly she saw Pope and told him
she wanted money to go to Kentucky.
After calling twice without obtaining
satisfaction, the third time she called
Colonel Pope, she averred, accomplished
her ruin. Thereafter the colonel gave her
various sums of money. She declared,
however, that she would have more money
or she would expose the colonel. Finally
she said if she had enough to buy a little
home near Pasadena or Los Angeles she
thought she and her brother could make a
living.
She told this to Detective Wood, who
was then in Pope's employ, and he com
municated it to the colouel. The colonel
said that he was under no obligation, but
Mr. Wood, thinking perhaps that Miss
Ashley would leave Boston and that it
mijbt be a good thing, arranged to furnish
her" the $2000 upon her signing certain
paeprs. Accordingly, upon her declara
tion that she would not annoy or bother
Colonel Pope any longer, Wood made ar
rangements for her to purchase her little
home, which was to be deeded absolutely
to her at the expiration of a year provided
hhe kept her promise to cease troubling
the colonel.
Wood then executed a conditional deed
to this effect, and Miss Ashley signed a
r.aper which was delivered to Colonel
Pope, in which she did "release and dis
charge the said Albert A. Pope, his execu
tors and administrators, from all claims,
demands, damages, debts and sums of
money recoverable by me, or due to me, or
to which I am entitled from the said
Albert A. Pope, for or on account of any
and every matter, cause and thing what
soever, which happened or existed pre
vious to the date hereof, and for or on ac
count of or by reason of any act or doing
oJ the said Albert A. Pope at any time
previous to the date hereof. '
At tliis time Miss Ashley confided to
Wood that she was then in trouble and
tnat "Lucky" Baldwin had caused it. She
recounted how she had become acquainted
with Baldwin, and how the Thompsons,
with whom she was living, intended to
come to California at the invitation of
r.aidwin. She had also been invited, and
at the last moment the Thompsons could
not come ami she had to come alone.
Baldwin met her at Oakland aud took
ocr to his hotel where she was dazzled
with the splendor about her. There, at
various times and also at Coronado, s"he de
clared, Baldwin had been intimate with
her and had caused her downfall. She
understood Baldwin was worth about
?15,000,000 and she asked Mr. Wood what
she should do. He advised her to go back
to California, get settled in her little
home at Pasadena and then sue Baldwin.
Wood also told her that if, when she re
turned, s.'ie would forward to him an affi
davit stating that Baldwin had ruined her,
be (Wood) would take action about it.
Before she left, however, Wood had sev
eral conversations with her, in which he
learned that several of the letters she was
to have surrendered in the Pope affair had
been kept by her, either in the original or
in copy. From this and other circum
stances Wood claims to have become cog
nizant of the woman's perfidious and
blackmailing character and he refus j d to
have anything more to do wrth her. How
complete a revulsion occurred in his feel
ings toward Miss Ashley can be seen from
the following extracts of a letter which he
sent her in August, 1893, two months after
her return to Pasadena:
I hardly know how to commence this letter
to you, but I will say that I have had thirty
years' experience with the criminal class of
America. I have had to do with some of the
smallest thieves in the country, and a great
many of the largest, also have been connected
with twenty-five ; different murder cases, and I
must say that with all my experience, I never
saw a case where so much deception and bo
much depravity was displayed as in your own
case. When I advised my client to buy you a
little home near Los Angeles I believed what
you told me (or at least a part of It) might be
so, although my client told me square to the
contrary to what you lold me. But lam kind
hearted and I looked upon you as a woman in
need, and I thought by giving you a little es
l sistance, and by trying to put you in a posi
I tion to maintain yourself it might be doing a
I good act, it my client was not under any obli
j Ration to you, as he always told me he was
not..
Alter that paper was drawn up in my office
and you told me about your connection with
"Lucky" Baldwin it attracted my further
Hympaihy for you. I told Baldwin what you
had said. lie heard me all through. He then
told me it was all a lie from beginning to end,
and he said your letters to him would show to
anybody that he had never been intimate
with you. He told me that the first he ever
knew of you you wrote him some two or three
i years before he ever saw you. You wrote him
| about horses. He answered your letter, think-
I ing that you might te some one who
was Infatuated with horses, or a half crank.
j He received many letters from you in and
about the same strain that he never answered.
Finally he had business in Boston at the time
you s-ia he called on you at Thompsons in
Winchester. He went there merely out of cu
riosity. He saw that the Thompson's were
nice people. They treated him kindly. He
gave them an invitation to call upon him
when they came to California, and you led him
to believe that they were coming to California
htkl t!;at you were coming with them.
Yon led him to believe that you were
an adopted daughter of theirs, and
when you did appear in California and
came to his hotel he treated you kindly on
account of the Thompsons, but he soon saw
mat there was something wrong. You tried to
solicit him; you held our inducements to him;
y>>u begged of him to give your brother a situ
ation, in other word?, you "did everything that
your wit prompted you to do to get him in
| your possession. Even when he left to goto
I Pasadena after ttie train had got out a few
miles he was surprised to see you upon the
train. Ycu said you thought so much of him
that you wanted to be near him, wanted to go
with him. And your story and his does not
agree because he says he only remained over
night at Pasadena, returning to Los Angeles the
next day.
Now, Miss Ashley, I have seen all your let
ters, or many of them, to him. Long before
you ever knew him you -wrote to him about
your "dear Uncle Balch;" you called him
"your dear Uncle Balch". When you met Mr.
Baldwin in California you referred time and
time again to your "dear Uncle Balch," and
you said that it was sad he took his own life.
In many of your letters to Mr. Baldwin you
said to him if he would ouly give your brother
a situation you would do anything ne might
ask of you; you even tried to stigmatize the
man he nad in charge of his billiaro hall.
You held up to him an argument in your let
ter that if he would only give your brother
that position to have charge of the billiard
hall you would write to all your influential
friends in Boston and "New York to
patronize his house when they came to Ban
Krancisco, and that they would fill his house
full. How absurd the ideal You wrote to him
on several occasions that if he would <3o 6O and
so by your brother it would show the manager
of his house that he (Baldwin) was the man
ager, and that ho would have his own way. In
fact, your whole communications to him nil
go to show to me that instead of he being inti
mate with you it was far from that. You
would nave written to him differently about
giving your brother a situation if it had been
so. Mr. Baldwin is a smart man and at the
same time I think a pretty honorable man. I
have made a great many inquiries among peo
ple who know him, and I believe If he did w ith
you as you say he did he would do the right
thing by you, but I do not believe he has had
any more to do with you than I have had.
I dislike very moon to goto the grave and
dig up one's mindeeds; they ought to be buried
with the individuals; but in a rase like this it
becomes necessary. Mr. lialcli is dead and
buried, but there are to-day witnesses alive
who know about many of his transactions.
And when I say to you there is living evidence
of what I have referred to in regard to you and
Mr. Balch lam telling you what you must
know is the truth, or I could never have
known it.
Now, believing as I believe, and knowing as
I know, I could not be n party to the scheme to
be played on "Lucky" Baldwin. lam not the
blackmailer you took me for. Neither would I
be a party to a blackmailer, and I firmly be
lieve that if there were ever two blackmail
ing schemes concocted and attempted to be
carried out, the one upon my client and tne
other upon "Lucky" Baldwin are the blackest
I ever heard of.
I am surprised when I think that a woman
like you, born and educated in Vermont and
had the advantages tnat you had, should turn
her wits in the direction that you have turned
them. Had you used half of the energy and
sagacity that you have displayed in those two
plots, if you had turned them in the right di
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
rection, you would have boen nicely situated
somewhere to-day.
1 can only account for it in this way: That
you dislike to do anything that there is any
labor to and that you had a desire to become
immensely wealthy. I will admit you have
played lor high game, but your whole transac
tion only demonstrates the idea that "murder
will out." It is said the world over: "Give
the devil rope enough and he will hang him
self," and you have "hung" yourself.
My client is a gentleman of high standing—
a great, noble-hearted man — a man who has
given away thousands of dollars every year,
ever since he had it to give, to the poor and
deserving. You preyed upon him as an object
of charity; he gave to you out of the purest of
one motive, and that is all he did it for. What
did you do? You lied to him about the lady
who sent you to him; you lied to him about
many other things that it is unworthy my
time to mention, and when you thought you
had got every dollar that he would ever give
you, you then turned your attention to
"Lucky" Baldwin.
Now, Miss Ashley, I shall advise my client
never to buy any home for you nor to do any
thing more for you, and he will stand ready at
any and all times to defend any and all suits
you may bring.
I am satisfied from what Mr. Baldwin said to
me that if you should attempt to make any
trouble that you would bo very apt to get bo
hind the bars." That is just the position that
my client stands in here to-day. You are wel
come to all you have had from him, but you
will never get any more, and if you see fit to
trouble or annoy him in any way, shape or
manner, he is now in a position to go to the
front and deal with you as with any other
blackmailer.
I would therefore advise you to try and turn
your attention to earning an honest living,
and give up tnis scheming and attempting to
get big money, because you are not adapted to
the busiuess.
Tha trial will bo resumed this afternoon,
when Detective Wood will be further ex
amined, and when details even more spicy
and interesting than to-day will probably
be divulged.
SUICIDE IN THE PARK.
Sickness and Despondency Cause J.
H. Andersen to Take His
Own Life.
J. 11. Andersen, formerly of Stockton,
committed suicide yesterday morning
near the Golden Gate Park lodge by shoot
ing himself in the head with a revolver.
At an early hour yesterday morning
Andersen called on John Bendicksen and
asked him when he was going toMarysville.
Bendicksen told him and he left, appar
ently in good humor. Thirty minutes later
the dead man's friend received the follow
ing note:
Friend Bendicksen : Pleasa mall these letters
nn<l papen for me when you hear of my death.
QoOO-by. JOHM AMDUtKX.
l'lease do not tell anybody about this, uutil
you hear of my death.
The letters and papers mentioned did
not come with the note, the presumption
being that in his excitement he forgot to
place them in the package. 15endickseii
stated that Andersen had been sici lor
some months and was despondent.
RICHMOND'S POSTOFFICE
A New Branch to B3 Located in
That Progressive
District.
Meeting of the Point Lobos Club To-
Night— Scoping Up the 01 i
Racetrack.
To-night the Point Lobos Improvement
Club will hold an important meeting at
Crosthwaite's Hall, on Fifth avenue, be
tween Point Lobos road and Clement
street. The principal order of business
will be a strong opposition to any exten
sion of the Geary-street Railway franchise,
which will expire in 1903.
The Richmond people are strongly
against the proposition and they intend to
make their influence felt. They hold that
their locality is fast building up and be
coming more valuable to the Geary-street
concern, which taps the district. In a few
years — say about the time their present
franchise expires — somebody else may be
anxious to pay tbe City for so rich a
privilege as running a railroad along
Geary street from the bay to the ocean.
This the Market-street company sees and
is desirous of securing or rather of resecur
in<* so rich a plum.
Another idea which the Richmond dis
trict improvement people propose in their
us ually strong way to carry out is to work
by themselves. They do not intend to
join the confederation of improvement
clubs and have refused to do so.
"We must stay at home and work for
ourselves," said President Fletcher of the
Point Lobos Club yesterday. "All that
Richmond has ever received she fought
for and she won without the help of out
side clubs."
Another indication of the progress of
the district is in the fact that a branch
Postoffice is to be located there. The
building selected for that object is on
Sixth avenue, between Point Lobos road
and Clement street, near the center of the
present settled portion of the district.
The rapid growth of the place has moved
the postal authorities to establish the
branch in that section.
The nearest dslivery station at present
is F, situated on Day sadero near Post
street, far away from Richmond, and thu
letter distribution there is very irregular.
Even this station will be farther away
when it is moved eastward down Sacra
mento street, as is intended when the
street-railway delivery is put on.
The Richmond station, which will be
known as M, will be opened in about two
months. It will be provided with five car
riers and mails will be distributed out
as far as the Cliff House.
Warren & Malley, the graders, are be
ginning to scoop away the old Bay Dis
trict Racetrack. The high fencing and a
number of buildings have already been
torn down and six-librse teams are plow
ing up the great hard track, where for a
score of years fleet hoofs have beaten the
turf so solid.
To-day 100 men and a number of teams
will be boarded and lodged in the old
grand stand and stables and the work of
clearing up the grounds will begin in
earnest. About 1,000,000 cubic yards of
earth will be moved in the leveling of the
hills inside the grounds. The southern
part will not require much scraping, but
the northern half will be entirely removed
to make the tract surface again correspond
with the natural dip of ttie ground to the
north, as it did twenty years ago.
When the grading is finished the streets,
which heretofore have halted on all sides
against the old track fence, will be ex
tended on through the grounds, sewered
and macadamized. In a few months not
even a memory of the old Bay District
will remain.
THE WOODWARDS' WOES.
Reopening of the Divorce Suit to
Introduce New Testimony.
Judge Seawell yesterday reopened the
divorce case of Mrs. M. Woodward against
Frank Woodward, in order that additional
testimony as to cruelty might be heard.
Mrs. H. S. Walters was on the stand
yesterday afternoon and testified to prac
tically what she told on the first hearing.
She told of Woodward's bareheaded wan
derings about his yard and of the abuse he
heaped on his wife when she brought him
a hat.
Mrs. Woodward's screams for help were
of such frequent occurence that the neigh
bors talked of tarring and feathering her
husband. Certain talks of great vehemence
were also frequently heard after the couple
had retired. It was on account of Wood
ward's drunken antics : and loud quarrels
that the charge of insanity was preferred
against him, Mrs. Walters said. The case
will be continued on Thursday. f " ,
■» ♦ — ♦
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael. / ♦
THE STREETS WILL
BE IN DARKNESS
Supervisors Order AU the
Lights Out for Two
Weeks.
A MEASURE OF ECONOMY
Auditor Broderick Gives the
Beard a Financial
Warning.
HEALTH FUNDS OVERDRAWN.
Dimond's Transfer Check Ordinance
Finally Passed Without a
Protest.
Beginning with tbe night of the 15th
inst. San Francisco will be without street
lights until July 1, when the appropri
ations for the next fiscal year will be
available to pay for the same. Like nearly
all of the funds that are used to carry on
the City government, the street-light
fund is nearly exhausted, and the two
weeks of darkness was occasioned by a
resolution introduced yesterday by Super
visor Hirsch, chairman of the Street
lights Committee, who by this means in
sures that the funds under the control of
his committee shall not be overdrawn.
Auditor Broderick politely but firmly
gave the board to understand that he was
keeping a watchful eye on the various
appropriations under the control of the
board in the following communication:
Tbtht Honorable Board of Supervisors, City
and County <>/ Son Franrisco: 1 beg leave
herewith to submit a tabulated statement
showing the condition of MVenU ai.]>ropria
tiotis made by ordinance 2905, approved
September 23. 18i).">, so far as the auditing of
demands relate* mure to, up to date of June 4,
1890. This statement will show the condition
of each appropriation account, but does not
■haw what the condition of each appropria
tion would be if outstanding dumanus against
the same now in the hands of the Board of Su
pervisors were included.
1 respectfully inggMt that it is more than
probable that leouona 1 and 4 of ordinance
•^905 are being violated, and would resDect
lully ask that some action bo take rV by your
honorable board to meet thu situation.
Section 1 limits all boards, officers and de
partments in expenditures for the fiscal year
to the various appropriations. Section 4 di
rects the Auditor and Treasurer to refuse audit
or payment of any demands in excess of ap
w<ii.nations, unless reotiircd to do so in pur
suance ol decision of Supreme Court. An
examination ol the condition of the various
appropriations, as shown in accompanying
Statement, and the demands against tne some
now awaiting your action, will show that
many demands must be denied by myself imd
the Treasurer if we comply with the "terms of
section 4of ordinance 'J.'.*O~j. 1 have been in
formed that many demands are being held in
suspension by your honorable board, so that
Other certain demands may lie allowed by tne
Auditor without the violation on his part of
section 4. li this be so I beg respectfully to
call your attention to the terms of section 90
of the consolidation act that demands that
may now be legal should not sunVr by the pen
alties imposed upon failure to present for al
lowance and audit within the time specified in
said section. Yours respectfully,
William Broderick, Auditor.
The tabulated statement referred to by
Mr. Broderick shows that several funds
going to make up the Health Department
funds are heavily overdrawn, Health De
partment expenses being $t>s3 60 behind
and Quarantine funds $324 41) overdrawn.
Other funds overdrawn are municipal re
ports fMil 78 and reporters' expenses in
criminal cases $4033 87; The matter was
referred to the Finance Committee without
debate.
Tne Sunset Telephone Company sent in
a communication calling attention to a
petition signed by over two thousand of
their subscrioers whose telephones are
supplied with nickle-in-the-slot attach
ments.
Tne petitioners stated that the "drop-a
nickle" arrangement was of great benefit
to them, as it reduced the cost of their
machines and prevented in many cases
strangers from using the phones and caus
ing the subscribers extra expense.
This matter, as well as the question as to
which of the many street-car fenders that
have been submitted shall be adopted by
the board, was referred to a committee of
the whole.
Supervisor Dimond's ordinance, doing
away with the transfer check system es
tablished by the management of the Mar
ket-street system, and which has caused
the patrons of the cars so much incon
venience, was finally passed, and only
awaits the Mayor's signature to make it a
law.
Four ineffectual ballots on the plans
for the new municipal building were taken,
the result being a scattering vote that
failed to indicate any definite change
from previous ballots. Shea & Shea had
rive votes that stuck closely to them, but
tbeotier six scattered over nearly all of
the other candidates for coin and architec
tural honors. The matter was finally laid
over for one week.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Work Under Con
sideration of the Board.
Following is a detailed account of the
street work before the Board of Super
visors :
AWARD OF STREET WORK.
Baker, Tonquin to ! Lewis— Grading 40 cents,
Warren <fe Malley.
Chestnut, Larkln to Polk— Grading 37 cents,
John Kelso.
liallroad avenue. Eighteenth to Twenty-fourth
avenue south— Grading 14% cents, roadway 8 1 / a
cents, sidewalks 1% cents, curbs 14% cents, John
Kelso.
Railroad avenue, Thirtieth to Thirty-fifth ave
nue south— Grading 12 cents, roadway 2% cents,
sidewalk*. 1% cents, enrbs 16 cents, M. c. llogan.
Kailruad avenue, Thirty- to Ban Bruno—
Grading 12 cents, roadway 25/ 8 cents, sidewalks
I^3 cents, curbs 15 cents, M. C. Hogan.
Capp and Twenty-rmh, crossings— Bitumen 13
cents, Pacific Paving Company.
Church, Eighteenth to Nineteenth— Basalt 1 6y 8
cents, granite curb* 68 cents, Union Paving ana
Contracting Company.
- Douglass, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Basalt
16% cents, granite curbs 68 cents, Union Paving
and Contracting Company.
Eddy, Oouph to Octavia— 18 cents,
granite curbs 80 cents. Pacific Pump Company.
i-lllmore. Tape to Oak— Bitumen, 19% cents,
granite curbs 69 cents, Union Paving and Con
tracting Company. ■
.Lyon, Tune to Golden Gate avenue— Stone side
walks 15 cents, granite curbs 90 cents, Flinn &
Treacy. •
Twenty-first, Florida to Alabama— Plank side
walks 69% cents. J. M. Handley.
Palmer. Fairmount to Twelve-Inch
sewer 761/4 cents, manholes, etc., each $25, J. M.
Handley.
BESOMJTIOSJS OBDERINGBTBKKT W OKK.
Pierce, Eddy to Kills— Stone sidewalks.'
Pierce, Kllis to O'Karrell— sidewalks.
Hayes, Steinerto Pierce— Stone sidewalks.
' Scott, Oak to Fell— Stone sidewalks.
Fifth and Shipley— Stone sidewalks.
. Twentieth, Howard to Shotwell— Ten-Inch
sewer. ■ .
Freelon. Fourth to Bitumen sidewalks.
Brannan. Fourth to Fifth Bitumen sidewalks.
Flllmore. Broadway to Vallejo— Granite curbs
stone sidewalks and cobbles.: , . • .■: ■ ,
Pierce, Jen Gate avenue to Turk— Stone side
walks. '*
Howard, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Stone
sidewalks. ■■■•"• .'■ '■••■■■
Alarueda, Potrero avenue to Utah— Grading.
■> BESOLCTIOSJ OP INTENTION. .
Lombard, Van Ness avenue to Franklin—Bi
tumen. ■ i ■ '
Lombard and Franklin, crossing— Bitumen. .
Lombard, Franklin to Gough— Bitumen.
Lombard and Gough— Bitumen.
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
Lombard, Gotigh to Brodericfc— Bitumen. '
Lombard and Laguna— Cesspools, stone covers,
etc.
Lombard and Buchanan— Cesspools, stone cov
ers, etc. , ...
Lombard and Webster— Cesspools, stone covers,
etc. ; .- ■ . .
Twenty-first, Potrero avenue to Hampshire—
Eight-Inch sewer. .. i » « . . - ■-■■■••■.• «
Octavia, Jackson to Broad way— Stone sidewalks.
Octavia and Broadway— stone sidewalk south
east corner. ,—;•.--..-.
Geary, Buchanan to Webster— Stone sidewalks.
Geary, Lagnna to Buchanan— Stone sidewalk. _.
Buchanan, Geary to Post— Stone sidewalks.
Webster, Suiter to Post— Stone sidewalks. -
Union, Scott to Devisadero— Stone sidewalks.
Eighteenth and Guerrero— corner, south
east. '. -
Sacramento and Baker— corner, south
east.
Grove and Devisadero— Stone corner, north
west.
Stanyan, naves to Fell— Twelve-Inch sewer.
Stanyan and Fell— Twelve-inch sewer, manhole,
gram curbs, stone side walks, corners, etc.
Stanyan mid Fell crossing— Bitumen.
ASSESSMENTS.
Seventeenth, Clara avenue to Douglass—
ing, etc., by Williams, Belser & Co., confirmed.
Montgomery and Shotwell— Appeal by Carville
Manufacturing Conpany on cost of sewer. To be
heard June 16 at 3 o'clock. -
LAFAYETTE PARK.
Resolution granting permission to citizens to
build a reservoir tor use of the park.
Resolution requesting John Tuttle to perform
the work of grading In conformity with new grades
provided by City Engineer.
GRADES.
Army, near Castro— Petition to establish grades
referred to City Engineer.
Presidio Heights— Petition for resumption of
construction of sewer system referred to City En
gineer to report and estimate cost.
SPECIAL PERMITS.
Valencia, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Artificial
stone curbing will be accepted. *
Waller to Devisadero— Artificial stone curbing
will be accepted. . • - .
EXTENSION'S OF TIME.
Onondaga avenue and Mission— Water Inlets,
thirty days. /
Lombard and Polk— Cesspools, etc., thirty days.
Caselli, ■ Jr alcon to Danvers — Grading, thirty
days.
Caselli and Falcon crossing— Grading, thirty
days.
. Seventh avenue, Point Loboi to B— Grading,
thirty days.
York, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Paving, etc.,
thirty days.
Grove, Baker to Lyon— Paving, etc., fifteen days.
Ninth avenue south, M to A' Grading,
twelve months.
ACCEPTANCES.
FoUom. Ninth to Tenth— Basalt.
Masonic, Waller to Frederick— Basalt.
Masonic and Waller crossing— Bitumen.
Folsom and Ninth crossing— Basalt.
Folsom and Eleventh crossing— Basalt.
Folsom and Twelfth crossing— Basalt.
SIDEWALK SEDUCTIONS.
Thirteenth, Howard to Harrison— In
width three feet and established at ten feet; re
ferred to Street Committee.
GRADES LOWERED.
Second avenue and B— Two feet. (
Second avenue and C — Two feet. , ;
Third avenue and A— One foot.
Third avenue and B— Four feet.
Third avenue and C— One foot.
CONDITIONAL ACCEPTANCE.
Stelner, Washington to Jackson— Bitumen.
Carlos place, O'J-'arrell to end— Bitumen.
rUXX ACCEPTANCES.
Klwooa, O'Farrell to end— Bitumen.
Bernard, Leavenworth to Jones— Basalt.
Capp. Twenty-third to Twenty- Bitumen.
Devisadero, Thirteenth to Waller— Bitumen.
Page, Hhrader to Stauyan—
Steiuer, Clay to Washington— Basalt.
Scott, Hayes to Fell— Bitumen.
Stevenson, Folsom to Shotwell— Basalt.
Sanchez, Seventeenth to Eighteenth— Bitumen.
Scotland fell— Bitumen.
Fell, Masonic to Ashbury— Bitumen.
Fell, Ashbury to Clayton— Bitumen.
Fifteenth, Valencia to Guerrero— Bitumen.
Grove, Laguna to Buchanan— Bitumen.
San Carlos, Eighteenth to Sycamore— Bitumen.
Twenty-second, Church to Chattanooga— Basalt.
Fell and Ashbury— Bitumen.
Fell and Clayton— Bitumen.
RECOMMENDATIONS BY SUPERINTENDENT OF
STREETS.
Fifteenth, Castro to westerly termination of
Fifteenth— That grades be established.
Railroad avenue, Twenty-fourth to Thirtieth
aye. south— Thai city Engineer be instructed to
ascertain amount of grading to be done.
EXTENSIONS RECOMMENDED .BY SUPERINTEND
ENT Of VS.
M south, Fifteenth avenue to Nineteenth south-
Grading, ninety days.
Van Nen, Union to Bay— raving, etc., sixty
! days.
Thirteenth, Castro to Paving, sixty days.
Alamo in, Potrero to York— Grading, sixty days.
Folsom, Sixth to Nineteenth— Repairing, thirty
days.
N south, Railroad avenue to Sixth avenue—
Grading, twelve months.
STREET WORK RECOMMENDED BY THE SUPERIN
TENDENT OF STREETS.
Halght and Cole — Stone sidewalks, cesspools, etc.
Cortland. Mission to Andover— Plank sidewalks.
Church, Market to fifteenth— Plank sidewalks.
Devisadero, Waller to Thirteenth— Stone side
walks.
Fell, Buchanan to Webster— Bitumen.
Army, Church to Sanchez— Plank sidewalks.
Geary, Polk to Van Ness— Stone sidewalks.
Julian avenue, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Twelve
inch sewer.
Sanchez, Twenty-ninth to Army— side
walks.
Douglass, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Plank
sidewalks.
Twenty-third, Castro to Douglass— Plans side
walks.
Elizabeth, Castro to Douglass— Plank sidewalks.
Hubbard, Howard to folsom— Stone sidewalks.
Pine, Dupont to Stockton— Stone sidewalks.
Jessie, Third to fourth— Stone sikewalks.
Minna, First to Second— Stone sidewalks.
Howard. Second to '1 bird— Stone sidewalks.
First, Mission to Howard— stone sidewalks.
■ Turk, Baker to Lyon — Ten-inch sewr.
Turk and Baker— Ten-inch sewer, fourteen-lnch
sewer, manhole, cesspool, granite curbs, plank
sidewalks, etc.
liernlce and Thirteenth— Stone sidewalks.
. Halght, Clayton to Cole— Eight-inch sewer.
Haight, Ashbury to Masonic— Ten-Inch sewer.
. FULL ACCEPTANCES RECOMMENDED BY SUPKBIN
TENDENT OF STREETS.
Market, Sanchez to Noe— Bitumen.
Market, Noe to Castro— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Castro to Diamond— Bitumen.
Seventeenth, Diamond lo Douglass— Bitumen.
Seventeenth and Diamond, crossing— Bitumen.
Fillmore and Hermann, crossing— Basalt.
Market and Sanchez, crossing— Bitumen.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Brannan, Ninth to Tenth and New Channel-
California Paving Company, for extension of sixty
days on paving.
Rattier test— San Francisco Asssociatlon of Im
provement Clubs, to abolish.
7 Fifth avenue, Point Lobos to Fulton—Property
owners, for cancellation of paving proceedings.
Point Lobos, Fourth to Fifth avenues— W. C,
Raise h. for reconsideration of application for re
lease frem contract for water inlet.
Gough and lily avenue— Flyun & Treacy, to
construct 10-inch sewer.
Street work performance— From Williams
Asphaltem Paving Company, requesting pre
scribed rules.
M South, Ninth to Tenth avenue South—Prop
erty-owners, grading. ■
Van Ness, Green to Union— Van Ness Improve
ment Club, for sidewalks.
Sansome, Broadway to Union— Western Sugar
Refinery, to erect poles for electric-wires.
Hampshire, near Twenty-fiith— Plank side
walks.
Nineteenth, Castro to Sanchez — Property
owners, for permission to lay plank sidewalks.
Romaln, Corbett to Douglass— Property-owners,
for postponment of grading.
Van Ness, Union to Bay— Union Paving and
Contracting Company, requesting proportional
assessment for paving, etc. , ,'
Jones, Green and Lincoln— Plank sidewalks.
Romain, Corbett to Property-owners,
Central avenue, Halght to Waller—Property
owners, for sewer. -
Material for sidewalks, etc.— California Paving
Company, for repeal of order pertaining thereto.
Folsom, Thirteenth to Fourteenth—Property
owners, that established grades remain.
OaK, Stanyau, Baker and other streets surround
ing Golden Gate Park— From association of Im
provement dabs for appropriation for putting in
proper condition.
Richmond property- regarding franchise
of Geary-street Railway.
PETITIONS REFEBBED TO FINANCE COMMITTEE.
Lobos square— From i roperty-owners or 910,000
for improvement. A ■.■■;■■"': ,
From Mission Improvement union for appro
priation to purch«Be two blocks bounded by
Eighteenth, Twentieth, Dolores and Church for a
public park. v
PROTESTS BKFERRED TO STREET COMMITTEE.
Tenth evenue, II to I— Grading.
H street, Tenth to Eleventh avenues— Grading.
Thirteenth avenue, H to I— Grading.
Sixth avenue and A— Property-owners against
Fifteenth. Valencia to Guerrero— Mrs. C. Tobln
against acceptance. _ ■ .
B Sixth to seventh avenues— Grading.
Dore, Harrison to Iryant— Property-owners
against changing sidewalks. . _
Elizabeth, Diamond to Douglass—Property
owners for sidewalks. ■ • .
Grove, Devisadero to Scott— Pacific Hebrew Or
phan Asylum against 10-inch sewer.
Fillmore, Geary to O'Farrell— Sidewalk.
steiner, Tune to Eddy— Property-owners against
sidewalks.
Cole, Haiebt to Waller— Property-owners against
stone sidewalks. :„■ ' „
Clayton, Haight to Waller— Property-owners
against paving, etc. I " .
Fifth avenue, Point Lobos to A— Property-Owners
against paving, etc.
sixth avenue. Point Lobos to A—Property-own
ers against 8-inch sewer.
APPEAL FROM ASSESSMENT.
Laurel, Clay to Sacramento— From Williams
Belser & Co., plank sidewalks.
LOWEST BIDS.
Fifteenth, Castro, to westerly termination—
Grading 89 cents, John Kelso.
Thirteenth, H to I— Grading 9 cents, John
Spencer. -
Twenty-fifth, San Bruno to Vermont— Grading
16 '•■nts, J. M. Handley. -
Twenty. Vermont to Kansas— Grading 3
cents. Warren & Mailey.
Bay, Jones to Leavenworth— Basalt 16V4 cents,
curb 75cents, City Street Improvement Company.
Central and Pacific avenues, crosiings— Bitumen
18 cents. Pacific Pa vine Company.
Eighteenth and Diamond, crossing— Bitumen 18
cents. Pacific Paving Company.
Eighteenth and Colllngwood crossing— Bitumen
18 cents, each corner $31, Pacific Paving Com
pany.
Fulton, Baker to Lyon— Bitumen 1 18 cents, curb
40 cents. Jeffdrson Martenet.
• Seventeenth and Sanchez crossing— Paving 18
cents, Pacific Paving Company.
Taylor. Green to Union — Cobbles 9 /i cents,
curb 78 cents: Pacific Paving Company.
Twenty-fifth and Lilac avenue— Bitumen 18
cents, curb 60 cents; City Street Improvement
Company..
Twenty-fifth and Cypress avenue— Bitumen 18
cents, curb 60 cents- City Improvement Com
pany.
Vallejo, Fillmore to Webster — Bitumen 221/3
cents, stone sidewalk 1 cent, curb 25 cents; John
T. Brennan.
Gough and Clay crossing— Sewer 70 and 85 cents,
connection $59, manhole $35: John Dolan.
■Gough, Sacramento to Clay— sewer 69 cents,
manhole $30; John Dolan.
Gough, Washington to Clay— Sewer 69 cents,
manhole $30; John Dolan. •
NOTICE OF STREET WORK.
Charles, Chenery to right of way of Southern Pa
cific Railroad— curbs, macadam, etc.
Caledonia alley, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Side
walks, bitumen. > - •-
Eighteenth, Dolores to Church— Bitumen.
Eighteenth and Church crossing— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, Church to Sanchez— Bitumen.
.Kisnteenih and Sanchez crossing— Bitumen.
Eighteenth, Noe to .Sanchez—
Eighteenth and Noe crossing— Bitumen.
Vallejo, Pierce to Scott— Complete with cobbles.
Mission, Tenth to Eleventh, south side—
walks.
Dolores, Twenty-fourth to Army— Plank side
walks.
Twenty-fifth, Guerrero to Church— Plank side
walks.
Chattanooga, Twenty-fourth to Jersey—
sidewalks.
Jersey, Dolores to Church— Plank sidewalks.
. Twenty-fifth, Florida to York— Plank sidewalks.
Twenty-second and Dolores, northeast, south
east and southwest corners — sidewalks.
Twenty-second, Fair Oaks to Dolores, south
Side— Sidewalks.
Steiner, Green to Union— Basalt.
ASSESSMENTS SIGNED BY THE MA YOB.
Clay, Locust to Spruce— Sidewalks.
Jackson, Maple to Cherry— Sidewalks.
Jackson, Walnut to Laurel— Sidewalks.
Capp, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth— Paving.
Twentieth avenue, Point Lobos avenue to Clem
ent—Grade, etc. --•■■ J : -
Jackson, Locust to Spruce— Sidewalks.
Pacific avenue, Walnut to Central avenue-
Grade, etc.
Clay, Locust to Spruce— Sidewalks.
■ Jackson, Maple to Cherry— Sidewalks.
Jackson, Walnut to Laurel — Sidewalks.
Capp, Twenty-third to Twenty-fourth — Paving.
Twentieth avenue, Point Lobos avenue to Chest
nut—Grade, etc.
Jackson, Locust to Spruee — Sidewalks.
Pacific avenue, Walnut to Central avenue— Grade,
etc
Seventeenth and Kansas crossing— Sewer.
Tenth, Folsom to Harrison— Paving.
ASSESSMENTS WAITING THE MAYOR'S SIGNATURE.
South Broderick and Fourteenth, intersection —
Macadam, etc.
ASSESSMENTS BEING MADE OCT.
Eighteenth and Connecticut crossing— Granite,
curb, raacacnai.
Thirteenth, Scott to Noe— Bitumen.
Scott, Hayes to Grove— Sewer.
Olive avenue, Octavia to Lagnna— Sidewalks. H!^
Fourteenth, Castro to Noe— Plank sidewalks.
BIDS TO BE OPENED JUNE 15.
Broderick, Jefferson to Tonquin— Grade, mac
adam, etc.
Flllmore and Fell, crossing— Bitumen.
Noe and Fifteenth, crossing— Bitumen.
Webster, Fell to uak — Bitumen.
Fell, Scott to lievisadero—
Union and Pierce, southeast corner— Sidewalk.
Union and Steiner. northwest, northeast and
southwest corner— sidewalks.
Fifth avenue and A, southwest corner— Cesspool,
sidewalk, etc.
Fifth avenue and B, southwest corner— Cesspool,
sidewalks, etc.
Fifth avenue and C, southwest corner— Cesspool,
Sidewalks, etc.
Point Lobos and Seventh avenue, northeast cor
ner—Wa er Inlet.
Point Lobos and Ninth avenue, northeast cor
ner—Water inlet.
I'oint Lobos and Eleventh avenue, northeast
corner— Water inlet.
Point Lobos and Twelfth avenue, northeast cor
ner—Water Inlet.
Halght, Shrader and Stanyan— Sewer, etc
Ninth avenue, Clement to Point Lobos— Sewer,
etc.
Utah and Seventeenth— Sewer, corners, etc.
Utah, Seventeenth to Marlposa— Sewers, etc.
Vallejo, Webster to Fillmore— Sewer, etc
Street Committee Report.
PETITIONS, ETC., BEFEBBKD TO JOIST COMMITTEE
OX JUDICIARY AND FINANCE.
Park Hill Improvement Club for $75,000 appro
priation.
Mission street and Preclta Valley property
owners for acquisition of land on east side of Mis
sion, at junction of Valencia, fora park.
Mission Improvement Union —To secure for
park purposes the old Jewish Cemetery blocks.
BECOMMENDATIONS BY STREET COMMITTEE.
Harrison, Second to Third— Basalt, stopping pro
ceedings, and that owners be permitted to plank
roadway.
Thirteenth, Howard to Harrison— Making side
walk ten feet wide.
Guerrero, Eighteenth to Nlneteeth — Stopping
work on sidewalks for six months,
Lake, Pint to Second avenue.
Second avenne. Lake to Point Lobos.
Second avenue crossings— Referred to Superin
tendent of Streets to recommend bitumen.
Cole. Halght to Waller, Clayton. Haight to;\Val
ler—Postponement for six months, sidewalks.
PETITIONS REPORTED FAVORABLY.
■ Jackson, Front- to Davis— Plank sidewalk.
Chapultepec, Coso to Esmeralda— Grading, sew
ering, etc.
• H, Tenth to Eleventh— Grading.
Nineteenth, Alabama to Florida— Sewer outlet.
rnOTESTS FAVORED.
Nineteenth, Sanchez to Noe— Sidewalks.
Army and Guerrero— Against change of grade;
laid over one week.
Seventeenth and Ashbury— Against Changs of
grade: laid over one week.
Chestnut and Polk— Against paving, etc
Folsom, Sixth to Nineteenth— Property-owners
against reducing width of sidewalk and in favor of
indefinite postponement.
PETITIONS REPORTED ADVERSELY.
Seventh avenue, X to I John Tuttle for con
tract for grading, until petitioner states a definite
sum.
PLACED ON. FILE.
Seventeenth, Uranus to Ashbury— Petition of
property-owners for assessment district.
Lafayette Park— Protest of S. W. Holladay
against providing Spring Valley reservoir.
. Guerrero, Twenty-seventh to Army— C.C. Bemls,
against sidewalks.
SUPREME COURT.
Pacific Railway Company Suit Must Be
Brought in Illinois.
Tha Supreme Court yesterday unani
mously affirmed the order and judgment
of the Superior Court in the case of Ed
ward Russell vs. the Pacific Railway Com
pany et al. This action was brought by a
judgment creditor 01 the Pacific Railway
Company in hia own behalf and for other
creditors of the corporate defendant and
of the Los Angeles Cable Railway Com
pany for the appointment of a receiver, for
the "sale of the railway property, and asked
that tne sum due from stockholders to the
company on their stock, so far as neces
sary, be called in. Many stockholders
resident in California were made defend
ants.
A complaint in intervention was filed in
behalf of many creditors of the railway
company. They have no joint or common
interests, but claim tbe right to join under
the provisions of a statute of the State of
Illinois, which was proven at the trial.
In Chicago in 1891 a judgment was ren
dered in favor of Charles H. Morse against
the Pacific Railway Company, and an
execution was issued which was afterward
returned as no good. Afterward, the cor
poration being declared insolvent, Morse
caused a receiver to be appointed by the
Chicago court.
About the same time Russell recovered a
judgment in Los Angeles, commenced
this action and procured a receiver to sell
the property of ttie railway company.
It was found that the railway was in
solvent and judgment was entered in its
favor. The case was then appealed.
Trie Supreme Court decides that the
company, being an Illinois corporation,
the remedy of law can only be obtained in
that State, and hence upholds trie judg
ment of the lower court.
Miss Mary Anderson made her stage
debut on November 27, 1875, in Louisville,
Ky.
new to-dat:
PACIFIC REFINING AND ROOFING CO.
153 CROCKER BUILDING.
Coal Tar, Asphalt, Roofing and Paving:
Fitch, Roof Faints, Roofing: Felt.
Felt, Pitch and Gravel iloofs as put on by us are
the standard roofs for business buildings In the
most progressive cities of the hast Am States. The
quality of our work is unexcelled anywhere.
D £ D COMPOSITION AND
■IVa-Di- GRAVEL ROOFING.
Parafflue Paint Co., 118 Battery Street.
PHILIP S. FAY,
Artificial Stonework, Bituminous Paving
Sidewalks. Driveways, Cellars, Etc.
124 SANSOME STREET, ROOM S.
i Yard— S. W. corner Harrison and Eighth Streets.
NEW TO-DAY.
JOHN E. MILLAR. THOS. B. SIMPSON.
SIMPSON Mil MR Searchers
Branch Office, NW. cor. McAllister and Larkln.
535 CALIFORNIA STREET.
Telephone 1932. San Francisco
CITY
Street Improvement Co.
Rooms 11 & 45, Fifth Floor, Hills Building.
Telephone Main 5377.
SACRAMENTO OFFICE: 411 J STREET.
H. DTJTARD 12 .1. W. McDOXALD, Pros
C. B. STONE I 2 W. K. DENNISON, Sec.
T. B. BISHOP [ 9 COL. J. H. MEN'DELL.
J.W. MCDONALD I C Corps of Engineers, U.S. A,
W. E. DENNISOU ] a (Retired),
CONSUI.TIXU EXdtXKKR.
PROPRIETORS CONTRACTORS
Santa Cruz, CaL, All Kinds •of Street
and Work, Bridges and
King City, Monterey Co., Hallway (Jongtractlon.
BITt'M HIKES. Wharves, Jetties and
dUUJILi 1)11.1 IM. Sea Walls.
REAL ESTATE INVESTORS
SHOULD HAVE THEIR TITLES INSURED
Before purchasing. Property which docs not
have a perfect title Is a bad investment. A
policy of Insurance in the
CALIFORNIA TITLE ISSUANCE
AND TRUST COIPASY
GUARANTEES A PERFECT TITLE,
And secures the purchaser against all lon
and damages Incident to record defects.
The Company has a paid up cash capital ol
$250,000 and a cash reserve fund of $25,000.
Abstracts Made for the Use of Attorneys.
MONEY LOANED on real estate at cup
rent rates.
This Company has the best abstract pla«f
west of the Rocky Mountains.
OFFICE— BUILDING-
OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS:
Timothy Hopkins, J. S. Severance.
W. T. Smith.
A. C. KrisKsett President
J. H. Swift VlGe-President
F. C Lewis Secretary
PACIFIC PAViIO COMPANY
(Incorporated 18S7),
GENERAL STREET CONTRACTORS.
Santa Cruz and San Luis Onlspo Bitu-
minous Kuck For Sale in Any Quantity.
OFFICE-Rooms 106 and 108 Phelan
Building. Telephone— Main 65G.
GRAY BROS.
Concrete and Art Stone Work.
CRUSHED TRAP ROCK
FOR
Macadamizing and Concrete.
OFFICE--316 MONTGOMERY ST.
Telephone Main 5111.
A. E. BUCKMAN,
802 Montgomery Street, Room 4,
GRADING, sewering,
macadamizing;
BASALT and BITUMINOUS PAVING.
TUNNEL, RAILROAD
and CONCRETE WORK.
OFFICE TELEPHONE
Main 991.
STABLE, STEINER AND WALLER STB.,
Telephone West 14.
THE FIRM OF
SIMPSON & MILLAR,
SEARCHERS OF RECORDS,
IS STILL COMPETENT TO CONTEND
against all competitors and to conduct all busi-
ness intrusted to it without outside assistance
other than the well-merited confidence extended by
the public. ■
WARREN & MALLEY,
OFFICES:
232 Montgomery St. CONTRACTORS.
Telephone, Main 1202. VVll 1 Hill 1 Vlt>\
212 Ninth Street.
Telephone, South 161.
Bay and Laguna Sts.
Telephone, West 789.
San Bruno Quarry.
Telephone, Mission 200, i bells.
CALIFORNIA
ONCRETE ZgQi.
OMPANY. *Q ;
Artificial Stone Pavements, Foundations,
Cellar Floors, Steps, Garden Walks and Orna-
! mental Work.
14 POST ST. Telephone Main 110.
CUSHING-WETMORE
COMPANY.
CONCRETE AND ' ARTIFICIAL STONE.
FIRST QUALITY ONLY.
508 CALIFORNIA st., room 9.
JOHN TUTTLE,
CONTRACTOR,
Telephone West 583. 918 Halght St
ENSIGN & McGUFFICK,
LUBRICATING OILS,
Paints, Varnishes, Nevada Compound , eta
23 SPEAK ST. Telephone 5320.
D A D BUILDING
JVaJL paper. . .
SOLD BY ALL DEALEK&
GEORGE GOODMAN,
PATENTEE AN D MANUFACTURER OF
ARTIFICIAL STONE
IN ALL ITS BRANCHES.
OFFICE-307 MONTGOMERY ST.
NEVADA BLOCK.
FLINN & TREACY.
ART -- STONE -- SIDEWALKS - AND
STREET PAVEMENTS.
3O 1 MONTGOMERY ST.
r In t r nUUr 135 a - market st.
DfIMAIJ R&IPIff Gt-ADDING,McBEANBCO.
fflUlTlHra Drtlwfl 135a-i3so market st.
. _ . .
C. K. EAGER, E. P. GRAY
President. Secretary.
California
Construction
Company,
CONTRACTORS FOR
Street Work, Railroads, Teaming,
Macadam and Concrete Rock.
Granite Curbing:, Cement, Gravel, Etc.
■ Office— 4o4 Seventeenth Street. Barns— s33 and
535 Seventeenth Street. Telephone Mission 188.
President and (Secretary's Office— 6s9 Market
Street, Boom 12. Telephone Main 57bU.
910
WHITE OR FOOTE
FOR CHAIRMAN
Gould Is Defeated and the
Democracy Turns to
Nobler Men.
FRIENDS START BOOMS.
W. W. Foote Declares Himself
Against Giving Daggett
the Party.
JOHN J. GAFFEY IS FOR WHITE.
A Rapid Change in State Convention
Prospects as the Time Draws
Near.
The one short-week preceding the Demo
cratic Scate Convention opens with the
defeat of Frank Gould as chairman of the
convention made practically sure and
with a joint boom for Senator White and
W. W. Foote, which in a day or two will be
come definite and concentrated on one or
tbe other. The war on Gould will be active
and general in another day or two.
The change that has thus come over the
prospects of the State Convention is some
what similar to the marked and sudden
one that a lew days apo came over the
prospects of the National Convention.
The Federal brigade and a small coterie
of politicians had represented a small
minority of the party, but a majority of
its practical activities. The machine
worked steadily without interference, ex
cept from the Bucklevites in this City, and
its programme looked strong and big be
cause it was alive.
Daggett, McNab and Gould had worked
long and hard to make Gould chairman,
and last Saturday they were sure that he
was a winner. But the mass of the party
had not got around to the chairmanship.
Gould, as chairman of the State Central
Committee, was to put through as far as
was in his power the Daggett-administra
tion-goid-Junta programme. Th« party
landslide to silver made this programme
look sick, and now, as the convention
nears, the predominant sense and senti
ment of the party is waking up and dis
playing its style and power.
It was judged before yesterday by many
that the Democracy of California would
not measure its dignity and character
with Frank Gould, but not until this week
ha= this become plainly evident to those
in touch with the strong party forces and
those in a position to note the party pulse.
As the chairmanship becomes a timely
question to the rather extensive portion of
the party apart from the Daggett-McNab-
Gould-Rainey combination, the party
seems to turn to White and Foote as by
instinct. Either is recognized as the
sort of man worthy of the place and ap
propriate to the honor. The sense of the
party seems to involuntarily recognize
them as the two among the many worthy
party leaders who are in the greatest de
gree, circumstances considered, natural,
logical and desirable candidates for the
place.
So friends of each are starting booms
for them without their consent. Foote's
boom has started among his victorious
friends in Oakland. White is called for
on every hand, and John T. Gaffey is un
derstood to be ready to play his boom in a
day or two.
Silver will rule the convention. Gould is
bound up in all sorts of ways with the
gold-administration forces. "White and
Foote are silver men.
The convention will be strongly anti
railroad. Gould is controlled by his polit
ical partner and boss, Daggett, who repre
sents the railroad wing of the party.
Foot°'s anti-railroad record is a long one
and White's is as unimpeachable.
The convention will be strongly anti-A.
P. A. Gould, perhaps unjustly, has long
been on the defensive along with McNab
on this proposition. Foote is strongly
against the A. P. A., and White's attitude
needs no explanation.
It is declared by leading Democrats who
are opposed to Gould, and who are de
manding either Foote or White, that
Gould is a man of no weight, that his
party record and services do not entitle
him to the honor, that he has shown him
self a man of small tricks, and that he is
unpopular throughout the State and in
his own county, as shown by his inability
K>to be elected delegate-at-lara-e from San
Joaquin County, and his necessity of eo
ing as an Assembly district delegate.
His partnership combination with Da?-
McNab on tneir Junta programme
:is being hoisted, into prominence. It is
f widely said that for cracking through the
State "Central Committee Vhe recognition
i of the Junta, and for the rest of the ser
vices to be rendered in throwing
the State machine Daggett's way
4ie was promised the chairmanship
of the convention which he expects to put
him in line for the nomination for Gov
ernor two years hence. It is pointed out
that he is the partisan of one of the local
factions, and that his election as chairman
would be discreditable and also unwise, as
not condncive to party unity and success.
White and Foote are men of large cali
ber, deserving of party honor and popular
with tbe mass of the party. It is said by
their friends that if either are made candi-
dates Gould would not get fifty votes out-
Bide of the Junta delegates. Both W ite
and Foote are candidates for delegate-at
large, with election certain. This is the
only impediment to the candidacy of
either, but it is not expected to be insur
mountable in either case. Neither one
will become a candidate except through a
widespread party demand, and that de
mand appears to be risine 1 .
White is expected home in tw.o or three
days, and his candidacy will probably not
be settled until then. John T. Gaffey,
who was given his collec.-torship through
White, is for anything White wants. He
ended his few day- connubiating np there
yesterday and left for home. When he came
M'hite was not talked of for chairman and
he came with the idea of making George
S. Patton of Los Angeles chairman of the
convention. He found it couldn't be done
and left with White in his mind.
W. W. Foote pome little time ago
checked a b«om for him by declaring that
he was not a candidate, because he wanted
chiefly to go to the National Convention
as a delegate-at-large, and he was not a
hog.
Now his friends are reviving hifi boom
and declaring that they will make him a
candidate anyway. Foote's rising boom
brought Max Popper. Sam Braunhartand
some others to his office in alarm yester
day. They wanted to know the danger of
his sidetracking Gould. Foot* repeated,
emphatically, his declaration that he was
not a candidate, but did not declare tbat
he would repudiate his friends if they
made him chairman.
To a Call man Mr. Foote said yester
day:
"I have told my friends positively that I
am not a candidate for anything but dele
gate-at-large. lam ngainst anything that
Mr. Daggett may seek to do. It seems to
look now that Mr. Gould will be elected,
but if he is running for the chairmanship
on Daggett's prestige I will be against
him. No Daggett candidate can be elected.
I assume that Mr. Gould is doing the best
he can for the party, but it he is running
for Mr. Daggett's benefit he is damning
the party.
"Mr. Daggett was read out of the party
for betraying it, and if be gets his just
deserts he will be read out of the party
again by this convention. I will not go
into a combination that seeks to give Mr.
Daggett the party machinery of this State.
We are all anxious to know how that
stand?. White, Jeter or La Rue would,
any of them, make an admirable chair
man, and they would act in accordance
with just and reputable Democratic doc
trine. 1 am not a candidate myself and
am physically not able to perform the
duties."
A large majority of Alameda County
will be against Gould and all at his
combination represents. So will practi
cally all of the lios Angeles delegation,
for both factions are opposed to him. Mc-
Nab has been claiming the Los Angeles peo
ple, but while here Gaffey announced his
hostility. The Mitchell faction is opposed
to him beyond all doubt. The solid So
lano delegation, half of the Colusa and a
large share of his own delegation, the one
from San Joaquin County, will be for
somebody else. Marin will be solidly op
posed to" him, and so on through the
State the true strength of Gould appears
in contrast to McNab's shouts of victory.
The anti-Daegett sentiment in the party
shows itself more prominently as the con
flict wears, and wi.ile Daggett seemed
two weeks a^o to have a fighting
chance to use and win much
power in the convention it now ap
pears certain that Daggett's proeramme
will De ripped up the middle. Gould was
put forth by Daggett and McNab, and, as
he represents that programme and has a
partnership interest in its success, he will
be opposed by every delegate who is »p
-posed to Daggett's administration pro
gramme, to his efforts to get party power,
to McNab and to handing the local party
over to Daggett, Rainey and McNab.
The warrinc: Alameda County factions
have not cooled down. John P. Irish
has returned from the Yosemite. Regard-
The Scene of the Desperate Attempt to Escape Made by the Fleeing Burglar.
ing the result of the primaries he said yes
terday:
<; Mr. Fitzgerald carried all but three
delegates from Oakland and beat Mr.
Foote in his own ward by a majority of 53.
Personally I am grateful to the Democracy
of Oakland for this answer to the personal
slanders, vulearity and threats directed
against me and for the choice of a gentle
man like Mr. Fitzgerald as a party repre
sentative. His fourteen votes from Ala
meda County made certain his selection
as delegate from the district, which will be
a distinct triumph of decency."
It may be remarked that the majority of
the Third District delegates will be against
the Dasrgett-Gould end. The Englishes
will marshal many friends from Solano
and other counties.
John T. Gaffey while here declared him
self opposed to the idea of giving the party
interests in San Francisco into the hands
of the Junta bosses, and in favor of giving
each delegation half a vote in the State
Convention and reorganizing the local
party through a primary at which fairness
was made sure.
It appears that Mr. Gaffey did not in
fact dine Chris Buckiey at his Santa
Monica home, as John W. Mitchell stated
on information and belief in yesterday's
Call. He merely attended a dinner to
Mr. Buckley, and Mr. Mitchell corrects
the statement in the following note:
San Francisco, June 8, 1896.
To the Editor, of The Call— Sir: I desire to
correct a misstatement made by me in refer
ence to Mr. Gaffey, Collector of Customs at
Los Angeles, to the effect that Mr. Gaffey en
tertained Mr. Buckley at his home In Santa
Monica during Mr. Buckley's recent visit to
Los Angeles. I was so Informed, and the state
ment was also made in a Los Angeles paper.
But I learn that such was not the fact, and I
desire to correct the same as far as possible, as
I would not ■willfully do Mr. Gaffey or any
other gentleman an injustice, whether he be
a political opponent or not. Please make this
correction as prominent as my original state
ment, for I now regret that it was made. Very
respectfully yours, John W. Mitchell.
ROBBED A ROOM MATE.
Nathaniel Feldman, Who Ha* a Mania
for Suicide, Arrested for Grand
Larceny.
Nathaniel Feldman, who gires his occu
pation as, "medical man," was placed in
the City Prison yesterday afternoon by
Detectives Gibson and Wren on the charge
of grand larceny.
On May 6 the Sheriff took possession of
the lodging-house, 1123 Howard street,
where Feldman lodged. He offered to
assist the landlady in removing the furni
ture and while doing so, it is alleged, he
stole a gold watch valued at $200 and a
diamond cross pin valued at $150, belong
ing to Daniel McCoy, another lodger, who
was out of the City at the time.
Feldman pawned the articles and left
for Los Angeles. He returned two or three
days ago and Gibson and Wren arrested
him yesterday afternoon on Kearny street.
When searched at the City Prison a re
volver was found in his pocfcet and an
additional charge of carrying a concealed
weapon was placed against him.
In his pockets were also found a lot of
letters in which he spoke of committing
suicide. One of them was addressed to
Rabbi Levy, whom he asked to see that he
got decent interment when his body was
found.
• — ■* — ♦
Grocers' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San Rafael. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
SLID DOWN A
TELEGRAPH CABLE
Daring Act of a Burglar
in the Carrolton
House.
THREE STORIES HIGH.
His Companion, James Edwards,
an Ex-Messenger Boy,
Arrested.
ROBBED E. MARTINFZ' ROOM.
A Lrdy Roomer Almost Scared to
Death by the Burglar Climbing
Into Her Room.
A burglar sliding down the cable of the
San Francisco District Telegraph Com
pany, at Golden Gate avenue and Market
street, about 7 o'clock yesterday morning
from the third story of the Larrolton
House, with his face covered with blood,
was a sight that for a few moments caused
the greatest excitement among the few
who witnessed it.
There was no policeman in sight and
the burglar, after jumping on to the porch
over the entrance to Kapp <fc Street's
saloon, thence to the ground, a distance of
about twelve feet, rushed up Taylor street
and made his escape.
E. Martinez, the strong man who lifts
heavy weights with the greatest ease,
occupies room 25 on the third floo- of the
Carrolton House, the main entrance to
which is from Market street, No. 1206.
He got up shortly before 7 o'clock yes
terday morning, and, not feeling well, he
went to a drugstore to get some medicine.
He was only gone a few minutes, and
when he returned and inserted the key in
the lock he was surprised when some one
pushed hard against the door and said:
"Don't come in; I'm dressing."
Martinez thought for an instant that he
might have gone to the wrong room, but
on looking up he saw that it was his num
ber. "Come out of that," he said, "or I'll
bo re a hole through you."
He was unarmed, but the bluff had the
de sired effect, as the door opened and two
young men walked coolly out.
Martinez stood with his back toward the
stairway, so that they couid not escape,
and divining that they were burglars,
he struck the taller of the two such a ter
rific blow on the face that he fell like a
log, and the blood flowed from a cut on
the cheek.
Martinez grabbed the other, who proved
to be .lames Edwards, an ex-messenger
boy, by the throat with his left haud and
held him securely.
The other struggled to his feet, and
Martinez, with another blow on the face,
again knocked him down. He jumped to
Ins feet and put his hands to his back as if
to draw a revolver. Quick as a tiash Mar
tinez pulled a big pocket-knife out of his
pocket, opened tbe big blade and made a
slash at the burglar's neck as he came at
him. The burglar sprang back, threw up
his arms and fell in a heap against the
door at the end of the hallway.
Edwards had been trying to break away
from Martinez's hold and got so trouble
some that Martinez had to turn his atten
tion to him for a moment by tightening
his grasp on his throat. It was enough
for the other burglar, who had got upon
his feet and dashed through the open door
into Martinez's room, closing it behind
him and throwing his weight aeainst it.
Thinking he had him secure in the room
Martinez walked along to the top of the
stairway with Edwards to get some one to
go for a policeman.
That .s where Martinez made a mistake.
The window is a bay one and faces on
Golden Gate avenue. The burglar opened
the west portion of the bay - window,
climbed out and stepped along the coping
to the next window of room 23 S occupied
by a lady roomer. He opened the window
and crawled in.
She bad baen asleep, but the noise awoke
her, and the apparition of a man with a
bloodstained face crawling into the room
through the window took her breath away.
She shrieked and sprang from her bed and
was rushing to open the door to call for
help when the burglar took the key out of
the door and said in imploring tones:
"For God's sake, madam, don't cry for
help. There's a woman in the next room
who tried to murder me and I bad to
escape by the window and come in here.
Protect me for the love of heaven."
She stood irresolute for a minute or two
while the burglar paced excitedly up and
down the room, the blood dropping on the
carpet from his bleeding fac?. He sud
denly stopped as the cable of the telegraph
company, which was two or three feet
from the west side of the window, caught
his eye. He opened the window, crawled
through, made a grab for the cabie, caught
it and slid down to the coping at the first
story. He jumped from that to the top of
the porch over the entrance to Kapp &
Street's .saloon, thence to the ground.
Mrs. Carroll's housekeeper saw him, and
she shouted for a policeman. No one was
in sight and there were only a few pedes
trians and the bootblacks on the corner
in sigbt. Before they could recover from
their astonishment at seeing a man slide
down the cable the burglar had turned the
corner of Taylor street and was soon lost
to view.
Martinez held Edwards till the Central
police station was notified by telephone,
and Policemen Gaynor and Welch soon
arrived and took Edwards to the City
Prison, where be was booked for burglary.
He positively refused to disclose the name
of his companion. He is 19 years of age,
and until recently was a messenger-boy in
the Sutter and Kearny street office.
Martinez's room had been thoroughly
ransacked by the burglars. His overcoat
had been rolled up ready to be taken
away, and $6 50 which he had concealed in
the bottom of his wash-basin was missing.
His wardrobe had been completely turned
over, and even the fireplace had been
searched for plunder which might have
been concealed there.
A skeleton key was found on the floor in
Martinez's room, which had evidently been
dropped by tbe burglars. There were
bloodmarks on the carpet and on the
window-sill of his room, and also in the
room of the lady roomer from the cuts on
the burglar's face.
"I wonder now," said Martinez yester
day, "that I did not dash their heads to
gether and kill them. My blood was up
when 1 thought he was eoing to draw a
revolver upon me, and if I had got a hold
of him I guess that is what I would have
done. But perhaps it is better as it is. I
would know him again, and the marks of
my knuckles will be seen on his face for
some time to come."
CARSON'S MINT SCANDAL
It Is Revived by a Peculiar Suit
in Judge McKenna's
Court
Heavy Mortgages Transferred by
Convict Heney to His Two
Attorneys.
The old Carson Mint scandal was re
vived in Judge McKenna's court yesterday
when Assistant United States Attorney
Sam Knight asked that Treasurer Coffin
and William Woodburn be restrained from
further procedure in the matter of foreclos
ing certain mortgages held by them.
After hearing the facts in the case Judge
McKenna immediately issued an order
conforming with Mr. Knight's request.
The mortgages referred to were prior to
December 21, 1895, the property of James
Heney, who, on the day in question, wis
convicted of embezzling $21,000 belonging
to the Government. Heney was a dis
solver in the United States mint at Carson
Pity, and when the Grand Jury returned a
true bill against him his trial and convic
tion speedly followed. Heney was sen
tenced to eight years in the penitentiary
and to pay a fine of $5000. It was to avoid
the payment of this sum that the mort
gages were transferred.
On the nig lit of his conviction the ex
dissolver sent for his attorneys and in
formed them that be held morteages on
property in San Francisco amounting to
nearly $10,000. He admitted having kept
the affair quiet in order that the United
States Marshal mignt not learn of the fact.
He asked his attorneys if they would ac
rent an assignment of the mortgages and
they readily agreed to do so.
Coffin took a $3000 mortgage on Nine
teenth and Caj'p streets and Woodburn
another for $6200 on property at Twenty
fifth and Banchez. Heney proceeded to
his new prison home, while the attorneys
came to this City hoping to realize on
their unexpected fortune.
Some days ago Mr. Knight learned of
the transaction and he at once set about
to thwart the neatly laid scheme of the
convict. An affidavit was filed in the Cir
cuit Court on Saturday last declaring that
the money invested in the morteages had
been stolen by a mint employe while act-
I ing as dissolver, and consequently he was
I not the owner of the property already
| mentioned. Yesterday Mr. Kr.ight secured
i a temporary injunction against tne parties
now holding the mortgages. The case
I will come up for further hearing July 6.
In the meantime Attorneys Coffin and
I Woocburn are mating ready for a virot
ous fight to protect the property which
1 thus came into their handd.
• — ♦■ — *
RESTAURANT EMPLOYES.
Constitution of the Socialist Trade and
Labor Alliance Adopted.
The Hotel and Restaurant Employes met
last night at the Turk-street Temple, Fred
Morf, president of the union, in the chair.
The constitution of the Socialist Trade
and Labor Alliance was unanimously
adopted. This constitution has been sent
every union represented in the Central
Trade and Labor Alliance for their adoption
or rejection.
A communication from the Building
Trades Council requesting indorsement of
the boycott on the Parrott block was acted
on favorably to the request."
Leon Brown, labor secretary, reported
all members of the union employed, and
Theodore Lynch, delegate from the Cen
tral Trade and Labor Alliance, reported
the transactions of the central body.
Twenty-five tickets were received from the
committee of the united German unions
for their picnic and festival at Wildwood
Glen Park, Sausalito, on Sunday, June 14.
Short speeches by Eugene Brown, B.
Krieger, P. Paul Haitmann and others
brought the meeting to a close.
The fraternity of Hotel and Restaurant
Employes have set forth the objects of
their union to better their condition and
educate the cooks, waiters, kitchen hands,
Dorters and all other persons employed in
and about hotels and restaurants. The
advantages incident to a membership in a
union of this description are only too evi
dent when compared with those who are ]
not organized, and who fail to assume a
definite altitude toward labor in the great
struggle for an existence. All engaged in
the work are invited to join. There is an
employment office in connection with the
union for the benefit of Its members.
Art at Mills College.
R. D. Yelland, L. Maynard Dixson and C. C.
Judson, after examining the work of the Mills
College art department for the past season,
made the following report to Mrs. Mills: "We
are much pleased with the work exhibited by
the art department of the college. The draw
ings from cast are very creditable in the efforts
shown to render direction of line, truth of pro
portion and proper values in light and shade,
as seen by the surfaces of the model and the
relief from background. We especially com
mend the instruction given the class, and its
results in sound technical methods. The draw
ings compare favorably with those of our best
art schools. We saw much excellent work
among the pen-drawings, water color and oil
paintings. The still life studies are good in
tone ana color, and arc painted with breadth
and freedom. Altogether Mills College has
reason to be proud of its showing in art for the
year 1895-96."
A Suit for Damages.
Adolph Corpee has sued the George H. Tay
Company for $5000 damages for injuries re
ceived while at work at a stamping machine in
their factory on Battery street.
BROOM-WORKERS'
ELOQUENT APPEAL
Say Their Occupation Is in
Sore Need of Ready-
Assistance.
ITS THREE OBSTACLES.
Deplore the Work Done by Con
victs, by the Blind and by
Chinese.
DESIRE STATE AMELIOKATION.
A Strongly Worded Petition For
warded to Labor Commissioner
Fitzgerald.
Fifty representatives of the broom- j
making industry of this City nave pre- I
pared the following eloquent appeal, which j
they nave sent 10 Labor Commissioner |
Fitzgerald:
To the Hon. R. M. Fitzgerald, Commissioner of I
Labor for the State of California— Tiear Sir: We,
the humble petitioners, as laborers in the
broom-making art, beg of you to allot some of
your valuable time in tne interests of those oc- I
cuDied in the above-named art; to investigate ]
its condition, and in the interest of many ■
honest American-citizens in general ana Calf- i
lornians in particular, free laborers, men and j
boys.
Matters in this honest occupation are com- ■
ing to where a just and honest help is meded, j
and as soon as possible, for if something Is not I
done soon, we are suffering now, but shortly
we all will be thrown out in the cola without
a chance to earn an Jionest living for ourselves
and our families. All that will be left to us Is
the cola help of common charity, which we
disdain while full of strength and the vigor ot
American manhood. What else but the above
will be left to u< if we arc robbed of our rights
to do an honest day's work for our support ex
cept the road to "the poorhouse? or for our
younger mates except the road to the peni
tentiary? or to be shot by the Government
forces if we dare to cry for justice and bread?
Therefore in you we lay our hope to help
and ameliorate our condition while in time to
help us, by investigating fully now the un
happy industry for tne free American citizen,
but once a very profitable oue to all those who
were connected with it. This above-named in
dustry was good for all connected with it up to
two or three years since; the general depres
sion came, and all lines of lites pursuits suf
fered, and it with the rest, but three other ob
stacles caused it still greater loss, by forcing
j it to the ruinous competition.
First, the competition of prison-made goods,
shipped here; second, tne local Chinese
I factories, which naturally employ their own
people, the Chinamen; third, the last and tne
! worst, the State broom factory for the adnlt
j blind.
Now to compete with the free American la
borer the prisoner does not need to worry for
! his meal, lor his three regular meals are pre
! pared with the same punctuality that theciock
! dial goes the rounds of the twenty-four hours.
1 This is coming to him surely, regardless as to
j whether the industry in which he is occupied
i Is bringing profit or loss to the State that holds
him.
The second free and honest American labor
! ers" competitor, who may well be termed the
American social and economical parasite, is
1 the Chinaman. Are we to hope to compete
with him, who can live for 5 cents a day in
! this lana of plenty? Further comments are
! useless in this ease.
The third competitor, the adult blind, and
i the hardest, because in the midst of our
homes and fostered by the very State which
should wiitch safe our honest chance for an
; honest living. Here do not misconstrue our
i good intention and good feeling toward our
' more unfortunate brother, the blind, whom
; nature has robbed of one of the most needed
I faculties to man. No; because we are sensible
' to the necessity that society should care for
them ; yet the State should not do so by forc
ing them to ruin tbe chance of living of those
who would gladly help with their own labor
j to sustiiin them in the comforts of life, which
! fact is actually being done now.
.Shail we strike against our employers? Such
would be of no use, as they are in no better
condition than ourselves, for they would 1 c
willing to eive work, but through the cause
described they lose sales and therefore a loss
to the laborer. In the face of all these ob
stacles they cannot be expected to keep losing
their capital simply to give the laborer em
ployment. When loss is created by the state
1 no particular person grieves over it. This is
i the reverse with the individual. If his capital
! is lost the State will not reimburse him as it
i does its own factory. Therefore all we can
I hope for is to reduce the number of theem
| pioyed, which has been increased for the whole
I of last year until we are all thrown out of
work.
We, therefore, pray you to investigate those
\ three very destructive channels to the free
I American "laborer, and do all that lies in your
power to ameliorate our cause.
To this petition is appended fifty names.
In connection with the petition is sub
j mitted an article which appeared in The
: Call May 12, giving the iorniation oi tbe
increased output from the State Asylum
of the Blind ot manufactured brooms.
Beneath this is written the following:
As by the- above item their glorious and
boasted increase of output is our unfortunate
loss, our humble petition is proved to be correct.
Mr. Fitzgerald stated that the serious
| ness of this matter was not overdrawn by
I the petitioners, and that he would accord
j it a. full investigation and take such steps
I to ameliorate the hard condition of the
I broom-workers as lay within his power.
NEW TO-DAY
1 THE OWL
DRUG CO.,
CUT-RATE
| _DRUGGISTS.
' THE OWL'S
BIRTHDAY,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
On That Day Every Customer
. Will Receive
10 % DISCOUNT
On All Purchases made '
in our San Francisco or
Oakland establishments.
Only One 10 Per Cent Benefit Day
At The Owl,
WEDNESDAY, JUNE 10TH.
1128 MARKET STREET,
SAN FRANCISCO.
Broadway and 10th Street, Oakland
MITCHELL'S MAGIC LOTION.
HEAD COLDS.
row to-pat;
It
fca Av-r W\N^Lx
"Cupid and J»«ye/ie."
MANHOOD!
The Most Precious Ele- i
ment of Our Physical i
Be in g. You Do Not
Know How to Appre-
ciate It.
When a man is broken
down in his vital powers as
a rule he is not the only one
who suffers. Others, family,
friends, those who enjoy his
company and protection, no-
tice the depression in his
spirits, the lack of ambition,
dogged disposition, nagging,
irritable temperament. ' It J
makes all who come in con- ?
tact with him unhappy.
Let the reader understand
that all this misery comes
from the loss of nerve foree —
that element which is the
well spring of all joy, of all
mental and physical pleas-
ure. It is the loss of this ,
nerve force that leaves the
mind and body weak, and
causes the sufferer to feel
that the best of his life has
been spent.
To replace the force and
strength of the nerves we
must use Electricity — not
drugs — as Electricity forms
the basis of all animal life.
It is the nerve force, the life |
of the nerves, and the life of j
all nervous and vital organs
increases when Electricity is
applied in mild, soothing
currents, as it is from Dr.
Sanden's Electric Belt.
It is hard to convince some
people of the value of this
great Electric Belt, for every
sufferer knows too well the
great amount of fraud and
deception which is practiced
by makers of a cheap grade
of belts, and how these char-
latans impose them on the
public with the announce-
ment that they are "as good"
as Dr. Sanden's.
"I have read about other electric belts," says
a correspondent, "which claim to d* as good as
yours, but they don't show as many cures as
yours does."
"I have tried many different remedies and
several other makes of electric beMe, but re-
ceived no benefit until I used yours. It has
caused a -permanent cure," says James H.
Burden. 417 Clementina St., Stockton, Cal.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt ,
will positively cure all weak- '
ness arising from early
habits or later excesses. If
you are weak you owe it to -
yourself, to your family and
friends and those who will
look to you for a heritage of
health, to cure yourself now.
Get Dr. Sanden's Electric .
Belt to-day..
Book, with price list and
full information, free.
Call or address
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO.,
630 Market Street, San Francisco,
Opposite Palace Hotel. Office hours: 8 a. m. to
8:30 p. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1.
OFFICES AT:
LOS ANGELES, CAL.. I PORTLAND, OR.,
204 South Broadway. j 253 Washington street.
_ IRON BEDS,
*f ,— 1 — BRASS BEDS,
< ~~ * FOLDING BEDS*
Wire and Hair Mat-
tresses, Reclining
trttl 1 Chairs, Wheel Chairs,
' TTj j , -' ; Commodes, Back Rests
Hyll W " A - SCHROCK.
«^^^^ Ij~i3ll| • Sew -Montgomery
■ 1 ' «** I St., under Grand
ji Hotel, S. Jb\
F ' FTY- DOLLAR
||^MiELECTBIC BELTS
Kjrfrjt^ij^Lvlitn V OR $?5; $40 BELTS
EPiyafßWtfTnrfg^ £ for 20, and $30 Belts
f&y>Rv£&iyi!j?' for 15: alsogood belts for
/f^^RrJif'* ? 6 * L* 1 ** 1 patent and all
" • %)6rV Improvements. tS~ Call
* C^Vs or write for • new pamphlet
PIERCE & SON. 704 Sacramento «?, co P r SS KearnV '
second, third and fourth floors, San (rancisco. I
COSMOP»OIiiTAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Fifth . St., Saa
1 rancisco, Cal — The most select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, *1, $1 26 and $1 50 per I
*«y. according to room. Heals 25c. Rooms, oOa
and 750 a day. Free coach to and from the hotel.
i«ok for the coacu bearing the name of the Co* •
toopolitan Hotel. Wit FAHKY. ProprleKJ* 1
HEW TO-DAT.'
SOLE AGENTS FOR THE
MAQOIONI KID GLOVES.
NEW GOODS
—ON
SPECIAL SALE!
Ribbons,
Gloves and
Ladies' Skirts.
Don't waste time and money in shopping
when you can secure such values as these
RIBBONS.
8500 yards Fancy Silk Ribbons. 5 Inches
wide, in the very latest patterns in Dres-
den, Changeable, Ombre and Figured,
regular value 75c and 85c per yard.
Special - 50c per Yard#
These goods should not be confounded with •
inferior qualities, as they are superior
goods of the BEST make.
GLOVES.
Continuation Sale of our well-known La-
dies' 4-Button Celebrated ENNEL'S' KID
GLOVES.
Special - $1.25 per Pair.
All colors— all sizes. Every pair fitted to .
the hand by experienced fitters and guar-
anteed.
SKIRTS.
Ladies' Grass Linen Skirts, extra wide, two
ruffles, edged with Van Dyke braid.
Special - $1.25 Each.
Ladies' Tolle dv Nord Skirts, extra wide,
wide flounce, trimmed with wave braid.
Special - $1.25 Each.
Ladies' Mohair Skirts, in fancy colors, large
variety, lowest prices.
See "Chronicle" and "Examiner" for values
in other departments.
Mail Orders Promptly Filled.
NEWMAN &LEU
125, 137, 129, 181 Kearny Street.
BRANCH STOKE— 742 and 744 Market
Street.
02%
"BAZAAR*
OA£AAr\
TOP '96
NOTCH- MM
ERSI Bicycles
$85^
$10 DOWN AND
$2 PER WEEK.
Absolutely high grade. Made In all
height of frames for
LADIES OR GENTS.
A FEW '95's
LEFT AT
$60.^:
SAME CONDITIONS AS ABOVE.
WA6OJS. CARRIAGES AND HARASS.
Fifty per cent saved!
KBBHP Factory prices — Send
j. N^By, Buggies $75t05125
*~^Bltfx^ Carriages.. sloo to ••-•01)
A/«SKj! I3s§a?«£ a/\ w »s° n 8- • • • *5o to $100
f^^lßpWgJtfficSkjri Harness $8 to $J5
L-fcSrS'S^ yiVPw^Qr^/ w e ship everywhere.
VtJYSrvVTQAA \\/ California Wagon and
r^*i«iT 'HrlJiffa Carrla st., d. t«
. •*&*^^V^ Fremont at., S. IJ*
PIEKBUIUIP JM ,
AZMRNYSf
TS THE VERY BE.SI ONE" To EXAMINB
! J- your eyes and tit tnem to Spectacles and Eye-
glasses with Instruments of hla own invention,
' whose superiority has not been equaled. My an?
' ecus has been due to the merits of my work.
I Office Hours— to 4p. m.ON THE SPECIAL
FOR ST. LOUIS
Delegates and Alternates for
the National Con
vention.
LEAVE THURSDAY NEXT.
Union League Club to Dine the
Delegation To- Morrow
Night.
LARGE BANQU£T INDICATED.
Many Representative Republicans Will
Attend— General Backus to
Preside.
To-morrow evening a dinner will be
given by tbe Union League Club to the
members of the Republican delegation to
the St. L< aia National Convention. Al
ready fifty members of the club have sig
niheil their intention to be present and
tbe acceptances from delegates and alter
nates number nineteen, with others to
hear from. The invitation is extended to
alternates and contested delegations as
■well as to the Tegular delegates. The list
of acceptances embraces the names of
John D. Spreckcl?, George A. Knight, W.
\V. Montague, Frank D. Ryan, Dan T.
Coie, E. C. Voorhies, 'William Cluff. Hervey
Lindley. A. B. Leiumon, Frank 11. Shorb
and C. M. Belsbaw.
It is probable that a meeting of the dele
gates will take place some time to-morrow.
As far as can be ascertained the special
train from San Francisco to St, Louis,
leaving Thursday morning, will not carry
many passengers other than the delegates
and several alternates. The coaches
assigned to the delegates will be hand
somely decorated. Dan T. Cole, delegate
from the First Congressioual District, is
looking after th» decorations and pre
sumably attending to the supply of ice
and Shasta water.
Some of the delegates would lite to
have a meeting to-day or to-morrow, in
order to ascertain definitely whether all
tne supplies required for a journey so long,
so dusty and so warm have been pro
cured. Assurance has been given, how
ever, that Mr. Cole knows by past experi
ence of summer travel to National con
ventions what is most needed and how
the needful should be stored and served.
Should anything absolutely required be
missing when the train goes the Harbor
Commissioner's lot will not be a happy
one.
Brooke 4 a well-known sign-painter, has
painted for the train four banners,
each seventy feet long. Each banner
bears a large picture of William McKinley
and the coat-of-arms of California. The
lettering will indicate that the delegation
is Republican, hailing from California and
speeding to St. Louis.
Since the wires announcett to Eastern
readers the names of the delegates elected
by California every member of the delega
tion has received letters and dispatches
ealore, asking for bis Presidential prefer
ence, ni* views on the silver question and
foreign immigration. One New York
paper has requested delegates to send en
typewritten copies of prepared speeches,
agreeing that speeches so supplied in ad
vance will not be published until they are
spoken in the convention.
A.S George Stone, president of the Union
League Club, is an alternat«»-at-large and
refore to b« one of the puestsat the
club banquet to-morrow evening, the
agreeable duty of pre-iding will devolve
upoo General Samuel W. Backus, ex
president of the organization.
A Sunset limited train, consisting of
four nuuble drawing-room Pullmans, one
uining-car and one composite car, will
carry the Republican delegates to St.
Louis. The appointments of the special
are complete. In style and general equip
ment for personal comfort tbe train rep
retantc the best of modsrn features on the
rail. W. D. San born of the Burlington
route will personally manage the exhibi
tion. The highest speed Is not contem
plated.
The start will be made irora the ferry
on, foot of Market street, at 10 a.m.
'lhurdday. The lirat atop of any conse
- will be made at Glenwood Springs,
v m., Juiir 13. Tbe special is
.iled to arrive at St. Louis, Monday,
Jun« J5, at !<:^o a. m..
Among the passengers booked for the
fx\ edition' are:
John I). HprocHeis, Dan T. Cole, W. W, Mon
tegue, <». a. Hale, K. C. Vooraen, C. M. Bel'
Kh«w, Jaei.U 11. Sett, A. B. Ummon, William
• luff, >V. H. MrKiuriut, Georpe Stone, C, K.
McClatchy, Frank 1). Ryan, Frank H. Short,
Hervey Undley, J. A. Wnymire, Tuoraaa Flint
Jr., Justice Garroutp, State Supreme Court,
William KorEythe of Fresno, A. H. Hickheiiuer,
(.eurtfe A. Kn'iebt, J. M. Cleaves, D. K. Knignt,
W. K. Pond, L. A. Sheldon, H. Z. Osborne,
Kranlt A. Miller, Charles A. Gardner and T. J.
Held.
L,ieutenar.t-Governor Thomas Flint Jr.
will be a candidate for re-election to the
ritate Senate from tne district embracing
Monterey and San Benito counties. The
neglect of Lieutenant-Governor Flint to
attend the meetings of the State Board of
Regents has been observed. Mr. Jeter of
Cruz, who was appointed Lieuten
ant-Governor by Governor Budd, has been
attending the sessions of the Board of
Uegentsrecently and participating in the
proceedings^
WAR OF THE DOCTORS.
Coroner W. J. Hawkins Has the
Body of Jens W. Sonderup
Exhumed.
Protest of Dr. Kuhlman, Who Sought
in Vain to Cover a Technical
. Point.
Coroner Hawkins yesterday ordered
that the body of Jens W. Sonderup, who
died April 15, be exhumed from its resting
j.lace in Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
Tlie purpose of the diainterment of the
bony was to hold another inquest. A jury
was impaneled yesterday afternoon and
viewed tbe remains, and the time for the
continuance of the inquest was fixed for
to-morrow afternoon.
Dr. Charles Q. Kuhtruan, who an
nounced his intention yesterday of bring
ing suit against Coroner Hawkins for $75,
-000 damages to offset indignities which he
asserts he underwent in the attempt of the
Coroner to commit him to jail for refusing
to Ustify at the previous inquest in the
Sonderup case, has been again summoned
to appear and testify.
When aeked laat evening what he was
going to do about ttre summons Dr. Kuhl
man said :
"I suppose the Coroner will attempt to
put me in jail apain, for I shall not tes
tifiy. I think, instead of appearing at the
inquest, mat I shall pay no attention to
the summons at all. 1 regard this second
attempted inquest as illegal as well as the
first, and in addition I depreciate desecra
tion of the ;jrave of a man who has been
dead and buried for weeks. My opinion is
that the disinterment of the body and this
second inquest are all done in the interest
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany to get evidence for use in the suit
the widow Sonderup has brought against
tbe octopus for $10,000 damages for caus
ing the death of her husband."
LADY WRITERS` CHANCE
Mrs. Addie L. Ballon Appointed by the
Tennessee Exposition to i xhibit Cal
ifornian Ladies' Literary Products.
The Tennessee Centennial and Inter
national Exposition, which opened May 1
for six months, has decided to place on
exhibition the published and manuicript
works of the prominent literary women of
all the States in the Union.
For this purpose persons have been com
missioned in each State to select an assist
ant and form a committee to take the
matter in hand.
A few days ago Mrs. Addie L. Ballon of
this City received a communication from
Mrs. Ann E. Snyder, the chairman of the
literary committee of the woman's board,
stating that she had been appointed, sub
ject to her consent, to carry on the work
in California.
Mrs. Ballou at once signified by letter
her willingness to collate the works of Cali
fornia's female authors, and received very
I courteous thanks. Then she appointed
j Mrs. Elizabeth Sloper as her assistant.
The unpublished works of the Golden
I State's lady authors are to be collected,
j type-written and daintily bound. Those
i already known to the California public
; turoush !he medium of the newspapers,
: magazines and periodicals, will be pasted
in dainty scrapbooks, with the author's
| name neatly emblazoned upon the cover.
j Books will also be gathered together and
i sent on at once.
Both ladies are enthusiastic over their
pleasurable task and declare that they
h.tve already run across many beautiful
literary genv^
WILL PURCHASE A FARM
The Presbyterian Orphanage Has
a Large Scheme on
Hand.
An Old Ladies' Home and Rest Cot
tages for Weary Girls From
the City.
A philanthropic scheme on a large scale
j will shortly be inaugurated by the San
i Francisco Presbyterian Orphanage and
F.irm. It is intended to purchase a beau
tiful tract of thirty acres in the suburbs of
San Kafael and build a much larger or
phanage than the Gilbert House, which is
already rented by the Orphanage Associa
tion. There will also be built on the tract
of land neat cottages for eirl workers in
the City, fresh-air cottages for children
; from tbe slums and an old ladies' home.
The land is already selected, but the
! board is not desirous of naming it pub
licly till the title has been found to be
i yatiffactory and the land has been found
to be well watered. At the regular
monthly meeting, held yesterday after
noon and presided over by Mrs. P. D.
Browne, the subject was thoroughly dis
cussed and great enthusiasm was ex
pressed.
Eight of the lady members of the board
pledged themselves to raise $100 each, and
as $400 is alreudy in hand it was resolved
that this was sufficient to authorize the
opening of negotiations with the owner of
the farm, and a committee of two was ap
pointed to examine the title and report on
Saturday. It was stated at the meeting
that as soon as the board resolves to pur
chase euch an active canvass for funds will
be inaugurated that the sum needed to
complete the amount will soou be in
hand.
A lady, who desired her name to be sup
pressed, announced through one of the
members of the board yesterday that as
soon as the farm ia purchased she will do
nate $600 toward founding an old ladies'
home in connection with the orphanage,
and it was resolved to accept her offer and
inaugurate one. The home will differ from
moat other institutions of the kind, as no
initiation fee will be asked. Old ladies
will be required to pay $10 a month for the
privilece of remaining in the home, but
they will be able to come and go as they
please.
At present the orphanape in the Gilbert
House is saaly crowded. Therelare sixty
nine children and i. was resolved to limit
the number to seventy on account of lack
of accommodation. This is one of the
reasons for the desire to acquire the farm
end commence building immediately, as
donations of lumber ior all building pur
i poses have been promised, and the ladies
beli> ye that they have enough promises of
furniture to fit out the orpnanage and the
old ladies' home. At present the orphan
ape is badly in need of donations of gra
ham meal, flour and groceries.
In connection with the Gilbert House et
San Rafaei a charming cottage is now
ready for young girl worKers in stores,
i etc., who want a country outing but can-
I not afford to go to a farm. A fee of $3 a
month will be charged for rooming at the
co;tai?e, but the girls wiU be expected to
provide their own meals, cooking accom
modations being provided. The kinder
garten cottaee being closed for the sum
mer will be turned into a fresh-air cottage,
where poor chi.dren from the City w o
are in need of a little country air will be
taken care of by a matron and boarded at
the orphanage.
Mrs. P. D. Browne oM 165 Jackson streeet,
Oakland, and Mrs. \\. B. Noble of San
Rafael are making an active canvass to
raise funds in order t at the farm orphan
age may be inaugurated without any debt.
BREAKS THE TIME LIMIT
A Sacramento Contractor of City and
State Street Work Accused of
Violating the Ordinance.
A communication was received at the
Labor Bureau yesterday by Commissioner
Fitzgerald from James Fletcher, atatirrg
that the contractor in Sacramento who
was doing the work of paving the streets
for the city and the State is working hia
men ten hours a day, and will not employ
any man unless he works that number of
hours, and that the contractor evades the
law by hiring his men dv the hour.
The letter further states that the eight
hour law was passed through the efforts
of the labor union, and that this man is
defying the law, even while working
around the buiiding in which the law was
passed.
The writer is anxious to know why the
Governor does not stop the matter, and
says it was exposed in the Sacramento pa
pers and that the writer intends bringing
it before, the union.
Mr. Fitzgerald intends making an inves
tigation of the charges set forth, and seek
to remedy tiie evil.
An Insurance Suit.
Ann E. Reavis and the representatives of D.
W. Reavis' estate were yesterday sued by C.
W. (lark for $'J3,286 25 due on notes. Clark
pray* that two insurance policies on the lite
of I). W. Reavis, deceased, be held as security
lor whatever judgment he may recover.
Gkockbß' Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
San RafaeL *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
ST. LOUIS' DAY
MAY BE SHORT
Ex-Senator John B. Allen
Predicts That for the
Convention.
HIGH TARIFF WANTED.
All the Pacific Coast States, He
Says, Are Undoubtedly
ior It.
THE FEELING ABOUT SILVER.
The Steady Rise of One of the Best
Known Men in Washing.
/ ton.
Among the noted arrivals at the Palace
Hotel is ex-United States Senator John B.
Allen, of tne State of Washington. Ex-
Senator Allen has long been one of the
conspicuous men of the Northwest.
He was three times appointed United
States District Attorney for the Territory
of Washington, first by Grant, then by
Garrield and finally by Arthur. After
ward he was elected delegate to Congress,
but as the election was in March, and as
the State was admitted to the Union a few
months thereafter, before Congress could
meet, he never took a teat in it.
But he took a higher place. He went to
the Senate and served out tho term of
something over four years. Both Senator
Hearst and Senator Stanford were there
when he took bis seat, and he served with
them then till their death and afterward.
Mr. Allen is here on land business. He
has three cases in the United States Court
of Claims, and will probably be here for
some days.
"My opinion of the St. Louis conven
tion," said he, "is that it will be brief. I
think the delegates will get down to busi
ness speedily, and that the country will
soon know what they want.
"If it were a matter of the tariff alone
the convention would be even shorter. I
take it that pretty near everybody now
wan ts a tariff. Certainly all the Pacific
Coast States aie for a UriYf. The East has
long been for a high tariff, and even in the
States aiong the Mississippi River now
the majority of the people seem to want a
tariff, and with an inclination toward a
hisrh one, too.
"The country, it may be said, is united
on this question.
"When it comes to the money question
the situation is different. It is my opinion
that as regards silver all of the Pacific
Coast States stand about the same. They
are friendly toward it. I noticed Cali
fornia at the recent Republican State Con
vention indorsed it strongly.
"1 think the sentiment for it among the
people is about the same in California, Or
egon and Washington. lam unable to de
tect any difference.
"Is there danger of a split at St. Louis
on the money question ? I hardly think
so. A convention is so powerful, usu
ally, that it sweeps things like the roll
of the tide at tne beach. I do not look for
any split. I don't think there will be a
chance lor it.'
Senator Allen ia a tall, robust man, with
gray eyes and a florid face, and appears
little over 40 years old. He went to Walla
Walla, in Eastern Washington, as a youth,
was at length admitted to the bar there
and built up a large practice. Since retir
ing Irom the Senate he has removed his
home to Seattle, where be is now practic
ing law.
He says Washington is improving in
business, though not rapidly.
CHEAP YET VALUABLE.
State Development Committee Publish
a California Climatic Slap.
The topographical and climatic map of
California, which is being published by
the State Development Committee for
eratuitous Eastern distribution is out.
As a work of art it is highly satisfactory
and it brings out the topographical fea
tures of the State as though they were in
relief. It is 22x28 inches in size. The
price fixed for each is 5 cents, which
covers the cost of printing, etc.
In addition the committee have col
lected and compiled at considerable cost
many thousand names of bankers, real
estate agents, teachers, attorneys, mer
chants, farmers and others who n.ight be
interested in learning more about the
State and its wonderful resources.
NEW TO-DAT.
¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥¥
I ■. • • : I
Ispecialclocksale!
*, These dainty, pretty Porcelain Clocks 3[)
IT are all the rage now. Nine handsome 2
<? styles, regularly $2 75, $3 and if 3 50, go *
* on pale until Wednesday night at $1 75, *
♦$1 90 and $2 10. Decorated with Blue •#
♦ Delft Marine Beenes, Dresden Flower «§*
£ Sprays or Cupids. See them in the *
fo window. 4|
£ ♦
J THAT BIG CHINA STORE- J
isi A Quarter of a Block Below eve's. <#
£ WANOENHEIM, BTEBNHEIM & CO., J
* 528 and 530 Market St., *
'* 27 and 29 Sutter St. |
» BELOW MONTGOMERY. ♦
Wriflft Mai Teptalile Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persona who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach, Pimples, and
purify the blood. - , , ■ r
Grossman's SDBciflcMixtura
. With this remedy persona can. cure themselves
without the least - exposure, change of diet, or
change in application to business. The medicine
contains nothing that is of the least injury to the
constitution. Ask your druggist for it. Price $1 *
bottle.
THE BARTLETT
SPRINGS
TTAVE THE MERITED REPUTATION OF
•*-*■ being one of the wonders of the world, and
seekers of pleasure and lovers of sightseeing, as
well as those in search of hkaltu, will be well
paid by visiting them.
The Finest Summer Climate In Cali-
fornia.
LARGE NEW SWIMMING TANK.
A Positive Cure for Rheumatism, Liver,
Kidney and Stomach Troubles.
TERMS 810 TO SI S PER WEEK.
Two Routes to the Springs, S. P. Co. autl
S. F. and N. P. way.
Address all correspondence to BARTLETT
SPRINGS COMPANY, 22 Fourth street, ij. 8,, or
Bartlett Springs, Lake County, Cal.
PACIFIC CONGRESS SPRIMS.
THE LEADING SUMMER and WINTER
RESORT IN CALIFORNIA.
lOCATKD IN A CANYON OF THE SANTA
J Cruz Mountains, convenient to San Jose, amid
most enchanting scenery, about 1000 feet above
sea level. No fog, no mosquitoes; all sunny rooms,'
with a frontage of 450 feet south. . ■ ■ -
I'IKK BPKINS or the celebrated. CONGRKSS
SPRING MINERAL VVATKK of the alkochaly-
beate class; very valuable for table use, dyspepsia,
liver and kidney troubles, rheumatism, gout, skin
and nervous affections. Indorsed and recom-
mended by all leading physicians.
HOTEL AND COTTAGES, (ESPECIALLY DE-
SIGN F.li FOR HKAIJI'H AND COMFORT.
ALL modern improvements; electric bells, tele-
phone and telegraph: good stables.
RATES, *10 to *15 per week: only ly, hours
from San Francisco, via 8. P. Railroad. Write for
particulars. J. F. PFKTCH, Saratoga, Cal.
/ — hjT~\ T' 10 Beautiful
• HOTEL
€Hi§§> VEHDOIE
SAN JOSE, CALIFORNIA.
Never did this popular resort look more inviting
than now. Newly pain inside and out. In the
center of its lovely grounds. Conspicuous for its
unexcelled table, service and general appoint-
ments, it Is enjoying deserved patronage and
prosperity.
" GEO. P. SNELL, Manager.
PARAISOIu
**• health.rest.pleas-
lire, climate, accommodations, scenery, flower
beds, cleanliness, table, hot soda tub and plunge
baths, hot sulphur tub and swimming tanks, mas-
sage treatment, banting and listing, children's i
playground, croquet and dance hall for families. ;
Paralgo stands unsurpassed in the Mate. Plenty !
enjoyment for young and old. Take train Third I
and Townssnd streets. San Francisco, 8:15 a. m.
dally, for Soledad; Return-trip ticket, I*B. Seven
, milts by stage. Telephone and Pnstoflice. For
j illustrated pamphlets and special inducements for
1896, address R. ROBERTSON, Manager.
MPA SODA SPRINGS,
California's Famous Mountain Spa!
avk You Bken Thebk Lately?
1000 feet above Napa Valley. Climate unsur-
passed. Views magnificent. Table supplied from
I orchard and ocean. Weld and farm. Hot and cold
I Napa Soda water baths. Telephone and PoHtomce.
Burros to ride. Bowline alleys, tennis, croquet,
swings and hammocks. New improvement* every
1 year. Gas and running water in every room. Re-
lief for asthmatics. WARM WATER SWIM-
-1 MING TANK. Aw ideal summer resort. Chil-
dren's paradise: mothers' delight; husbands' rest.
Address AND RE W JACKSON, Napa Soda Springs
P. O. ■■• - ■•■ ■_^ •■ • _^_
when !!I»fIAH
VISITING «JIVI/\n
STOP AT THE
PALACE HOTEL.
W. H. FORSE & SONS, PROPRIETORS.
miIJS ISTHE NEWEST, LARGEST AND BEST
1 hotel in Uklab, and it is headquarters for
tourists.
Stages to all resorts and other place* arrive at
and depart from this hotel. Free bus to and from
all trains. Baggage transferred free of charge.
LAUREL DELL,
PLEASANTLY LOCATED ON LAUREL DELL
i- Lake; new hotel, new sanitary provisions. It
Is now one of the most attractive outing places in
Lake County. Rates *8 to $12 per week. Uoatlua
and bathing free. Brine your bathing suits. Ad-
dress H. W.vMBOLU, Bertha.P. P.. Lake Co., Ca!.
SARATOGA SPRINGS,
I' ARE CO.-MOST BEAUTIFUL SUMMER
J resort In State: 8 different springs: good Ilsh-
ing and hunting; accommodations first-class; rates
$10 per week ana upward: table unexcelled; hard-
finished rooms and cottages. J. MARTENS, Bach-
elor P. P., Lake Co., Cal.
HOTEL EASTLAND,
Mill Valley, Marin County, : *
\yOW OPEN. A BEAUTIFUL" SUMMER RE-
IN sort. MRS. J. J.CULLEN, Prop.
I HAVE BEEN TO A. B. flcriATH'S;
HUNTING, • FISHING. . BATHING AND
camping out wit 11 the boys, and never had
: such » good, time before in* my life. Completely
1 forgot I was ever anything but a boy, and, feel like
; going into business again. I tell you that is the
1 place to go to have a real good time and complete
I change. For particulars address A. B. McM ATH,
Hullvlile, Cal. ISiii&i
HIGHLAND SPRINGS;
On the Border of Clear Lake,
LAKE COUNTY, OAL.
DO YOU ENJOY A SUPERB CLIMATE,
dancing, lawn tennis, croquet, billiards? Do
you like fine bathing, boating, hunting and fishing?
Do you need recuperation and rest afforded by over
thirty kinds of mineral springs? bhortest stage
route into Lake County.
All this and more can be had at Highland
(springs. • r;v?n-: ■
New hotel. Finest dining-room north of San
Francisco.
From San Francisco It costs only $8 for the
round trip, and the hotel rates are 81 50 to $2 90
per day or $10 to $1(5 pur week. Take the 8. F.
and N. P. Hallway via Pieta, thence by a short de-
lightful stage ride. J. CRAIQ, Manager.
i-au Francisco office, 316 Montgomery st. -
YOUR VACATION <
Where Shall You Spend It ?
Go where monotony is impossible,
where you may mingle with the lieht-
hearted social throng, or bask in the sun-
shine by the surging sea, or stroll under
the shade of the majestic redwoods!
THE SEA BEACH HOTEL,
SANTA CRUZ, Cal.,
Now under the proprietorship of MR.
JOHN B. CHACE, offers all these oppor-
tunities. It is the ideal health and pleas-
ure resort, nestling in a very bower of
loveliness. For further Information ad-
dress J. R. CHACE,.
. Proprietor Sea Beach Hotel.
••Absolutely the finest fishing in the West."—
Forest and Stream. ■ • • •
LAKE JTAHOE.
TALLAC HOUSE.
THE SUMMER RESORT OF CALIFORNIA.
The entirely new hotel open; ibis season. Hotel
and grounds lighted by electric lights. All modern
Improvements, lutes $15 to $21 per week.
Tahoe Inn, Tahoe City.
OPEN UNTIL NOVEMBER 1.
RATES $10 TO $14 PER WEEK.
Great reductions in fare toiallac this season.
The steamer " Tallac " carries its patrons fret* of
charge to and from all points on Lake Tahoe.
Hound trip ticket irom San Francisco. Oakland,
San Joae, Lnthrop Stockton. sl6; Sacramento.
$13 50; f-anta Barbara and Los Aneeles, $33 50.
Buy ticket to Tahoe City only, thereby saving
63 on trip.
M. LAWRKNCE & CO., proDrietors.
Send for Illustrated circular,
For route and further Information inquire of
Southern Pacific Company's ticket office.
TWO HOTELS AND COTTAGES.
Under cue Old Management
ON AU.-TIN CREEK, IN Till. SONOMA
Redwoods, N. P. C. K. R.. via Bausalito ferry.
Train leaves at 1:4). Hotel Cncadero rates, $10
to $14 per week; Elim Grove Hotel rates, «6 to 88
per week; teats, $3 to $5 per week, (send for cir-
cular.
. C. F. BURNS, Proprietor,
Cazadero, Cal.
SODA BAY_ HOTEL.
SODA BAY, SITUATED ON CLEAR LAKE,
is most Dlcturesque. soda Spring is famous for
the vast volume of delicious soda water which
It throws out daily, amounting to ove ; 1,000,000
gallons. Hunting, fishing, boatinsr and swimming
are unsurpassed anywhere. A tine liar has jus:
been opened. The table is supplied with the very
best the market affords, and the comfort and wel-
fare of all guests carefully looked alter. Free
camping grounds. A coach will connect with th«
daily stage from Pieta and Highland springs,
Adams, sultrier, Blue Lakes and Saratoga. Fare
from San Francisco. $5 50; round trip,. 11). Spe-
cial rates for families. <*• B. WYATT, proprietor.
Soda Bay. K*>isey ville, Lake County, Cal.
CAMP TAILOR, HOTEL AZILEA, ,
Tocaloma, Bertrand's Hotel," Hariri Co., Cal.
FIRST - CLASS ACCOMMODATIONS: DE.
lißhtful climate for camping; dancing pavilion,
croquet and lawn tennis; tine trout fishing, bath-
Ing and swimming; splendid drives to Bear Val-
ley; postofflCß, express, telegraph ' and livery at
both hotels; terms $8 and $li! per week.
VICTOK W. KRAI'Ss, Manager.
JOS. F. BE XT RAND, Proprietor.
City office, 112 Taylor st. ; Fridays, 2 to 4 p. m. "
SEIOLER SPRINGS,
L iK» COUNTY.
"POPULAR HEALTH RESORT. OPEN THE
-L ' year round. Telephone connections. Round-
trip tickets at Southern Paoifc ollices, $10; special
conveyance daily. For inforn address JOHN
BPAULDINQ. aelgler Springs, Lake County, CnU
EL BONITO HOTEL
TVTOW OPEN J TO TOURISTS FOR TUB
xV season: salt and fresh water bathing, hunting,
fishing and boating; redwood grove, etc.: term*
reasonable. G.W.MORGAN.'
Duncans Mills, Sonoma Co.,CaL
URIAH STABLES AID STAGE COMPAQ
W H. MILLER, PROPRIETOR, ueODTCRX-
»»■ • outs for commercial men, tourist and fislilne
parties a specialty. < State street, adjoining Palace
Hotel, Ukiah, Cul. , Vichy Springs stage mcc a all
trains. Daily stage for 1 lue Lakes, Laurel Dell,
.Saratoga Springs and Upper Lake.
»— I — l 1 — 1.1 iv» 1 j ... ■ . ■■ - ) '■" •-■■■■_ ; —
SUMMER BOARD SEAR GILROY.
APLEASANT.HOMELIKE RESORT: ELE-
pant climate, fishing, hunting and soenery.
Low price. -. • ■"■ ...
. Terms of W. T. TBOMBLY, Gilroy.
WHITE OAK FARM,
•\TEAR CLOVERDALE-SPECIAL ATTES-
iX tion given to table: terms $7 per week. ; .for
particulars address W. H. HI ATT. Cloverdale, C al
2t/hen writing for further particulars io any of tha health or
(Pleasure (Resorts in these columns kindly mention the C<7{jCjC.
GILROY HOT SPRINGS
A Place Where the Invalid Can Surely
Regain Health— Where the Tourist
May Kegale Himself Upon
Magnificent and Picturesque Scenery,
Where the Summer Pilgrim May Find
Rest, Refreshment and Relaxation.
1 Mecca for the Annual Seeker After
Repose and Recuperation.
A Rural Retreat, Where the Adjacent
Hills Are Clothed in • itrmenis
of Matchless Glory,
Where the Ogre Malaria Never tiffs His
Ghastly Head and Where the Waters
of. Healing Pour Freely From
•Nature's Own Fountain.
TAKE 8:16 A. M. OB 2:20 P. M. TRAIN FROM
1 Third and Townsend streets, 8% hours from
ban Francisco. Fare, $7 15 for round trip.
Bfg~ Stage connects with train from Third and
Townsend streets. S ,;v .
ROOP & SON, Proprietors.
SASVTA CITALIM ISLAND.
Augmented Attractions for Season 1896.
TTNEXCELLED FISHING, DELIGHTFUL
U coast excurs.ons, tally-ho staging, wild goat
| bunting, bathing, boating, horseback riding, dan-
cing, pyrotechnic displays, water carnivals, grand
concerts every day after June 6. Popular Hotel
Metropoie now open, Island Villa In July.
For full information, illustrated pamphlets ana
rates, apply to
WILMINGTON* TRANSPORTATION' CO.,
'Iii South Spring st., Los Angeles, CaJ.
SANHEDRIN HEIGHTS.
Li. B. Frasier, Manager.
Over 4000 feet elevation among the pines. Na-
ture's Game Preserve. Beautiful scenery, purest
air, coldest water, good shooting; fine trout fish-
ing near by; regular mall; table supplied with the
best in the market; vegetables from cur own gar-
den; good home cooking and home comforts; ac-
commodation from 20 to 80; season opens June 1,
Distance and fares— Buy round- trip ticker, $12
(unlimited), at office of 8. F. and N. P. Rnllroaa.
Rail to Uktan, thence by BerryhtUs popular stage
line via Potter Valley to > i anhedrin. Boom and
board $1 per day. Guide (when wanted) $2 per
day. Saddle horse (when wanted) $1 per day. No
other charges. lor further particulars address L.
B. FRASIER, Sanhedrin, or LA-DD'B GUN-
STORK, 9 Third St.. San Francisco.
MARK WEST SPRINGS,
The Gem of Sonoma County.
Ninf» miles from ~anta Rosa.
WITH ITS BEAUTIFUL GRAPEVINE AR-
»' bor; the place where you feel at home. Table
first class. Croquet. Billiards, Shuffle-board,
Swings, Swimming-pool, Dancing Pavilion, Fish-
Ingand Hunting. Terms, $10 and $12 per week.
bf«c!»l rates for clubs and large families. Bound
trip, $3 75. Baths free to guests.
FRESJS <fe JL'ERGENSEN. I
« TT l ft ft n HOT SPRINGS, Sonoma
V V A I > II V County, only 4V 3 hours from
\ X Illtlt\ San Francisco; but 8 miles
i II l\ H II II II staging: new road through
MUUU V* ft* canyon; new stages: sanitary
plumbing; natural temperature of water 130" Fahr.
of wonderful curative properties; no fogs or disa- |
greeable winds: mosquiios and other annoying j
Insects unknown. Take Tiburon ferry at 7:30
a. m. or 3:30 p. if. Round-trip ticket only $5.50.
Telephone and telegraph, dally mall and express.
Rates $1-' a week; but ha free.
J. V. BIULGREW, Proprietor.
LYTTON SPRINGS,
SONOMA COUNTY. ;
AN IDEAL FLACK FOR HEALTH. BEST
AND PLEASURE: no staging; i^-mile from
station. The only genuine Seltzer Springs in the
United States and the celebrated Lytton Geyser '
boda Springs. Wonderful curative properties.
Table first-class. Mend for circulars.
MOUNTAIN HOME. '
The Recognized Family Summer Resort
in the Santa Crux Mountains.
Health, pleasure, swimming, fishing and hunt-
ing. New dancing pavilion. Deer park. Table
excellent. Climate unsurpassed. Send for souve-
nir. Staea at Mad rone every Monday, Wednes-
day and Saturday after June 1. connecting with
train leaving the City at 8:15 a. m.
VIC PONCKLET, Llagas. Cal.
PLANTATION HOUSE.
18 nilcs from Cazadero, on Stage Line.
GOOD TROUT FISHING, PLENTY FRUIT,
cream and milk: free conveyance for parties of
two or more; grand redwood scenery. Address
JOSEPH LL'Ti'ItINGEK, Seavlew, Sonoma Co.,
or apply KRUSE & CO., 207 Front St., San Fran-
cisco, for particulars.
INVERNESS.
INVKRNKISS, JIAIII.N COUNTY—
X privileges to rent, and lots for sale; situated
on an inland bay; good beach: salt-water batnlnc;
water 15 : degrees warmer than any other resort
on the coast; beautiful drives; shooting and Hub*
Ing: within 2 hours of San Francisco on the North
Pacific Coast Railroad. stages meet trains. Apply
11 10 2 dally, 331 Montgomery street, room 51.
ASTORG SPRHQ JINERAL WATER.
THE FOUNTAIN OF PERPETUAL YOUTH;
X cures most any disease at long standing: cured
hundreds; recommended by tbous nils in four
months in this city : no agents. A..AKTOKG, 108
Fifth St., sole proprietor; Glenbrook Hotel, Lake
County, one-quaiter mile from spring, has piivllege
of the water. '
MAGNETIC SPRINGS.
IN THE HEAKT OF THE .SANTA CRUZ
Mountains; hot and cold magnetic baths; hunt-
ing and fishing: cottages for families; stage meets
morning train; terms $H up. Address JOSEPH
I.IN DHKY. >.ienwoad, <-'ai. -
MOUNTAIN SPRING FARM
WILL BB OPJSM FOR BOARDERS JUNE 1.
Write or particulars WM. J. ROSS, proprie-
tor, Oakville, Napa Courny, t.'al.
SPEND YOCK VACATION AT
LAUREL GLEN FARM.
Fine sprine water, plenty milk, cream, fruit and
home comforts. Particulars apply MRS. V. STU-
BK.NRALSL'H, box 159, Napa, Cal. . .
SUMMER BOARD AT BURLINBAME:
Redington Place "A Mild Rest Cure." ■!
Addre55................ IRA G. HOITT.
Holtt's School reopens August 4. ;
KLAMATH HOT SPRINGS,
BESWICK, bISKIYOU COUNTY, - IAL., A
noted fishing and health resort. Hot mud and
sulphur baths.
EPSON BROS., Proprietors.
HOME REST FOR THh SUMMER.
QUMMER BOARD IN SAN JOSE: PLEASANT
O rooois; large grounds; fruit and flowers. Ad
dress P. O. box £2tf. - v ■-:•..
/ETNA
SPRINGS.
. •>
Where lavish nature made a paradise of health
man has added the comfort* of civilization, and
all are now at your disposal.
Swimming baths, tub baths, hotel, clubhouse,
recreation of all kinds. •
Take 7 o'clock Southern Pacific train to St.
Helena. stage leaves thereat 10 a. k., stooping
at A wing for lunch, but no long wails as in the
past. Returning th* stage leaves the Springs at
10 A. m — 110 Kettlng up at 5 a. M. Unlimited
round-trip tickets, $7. Rates, $10 to $14 a week.
For further information call at 313 Battery st.,
San Francisco, or address W. L. MITCHELL,
manager. I,i<lt-ll I*. P.. Nnpn County. Cal. "■
CALAVERISJIG TREES.
The Hotel Situated Right Among: the
Sequoias is Now Open,
HERE IS FOUND THE FINEST OF FlSH-
ing. Postoflice and Telephone office.
J. L. PPERRY, Manager.
THOMAS COOK & SON. 621 Market street,
S. F., Agents.
VILLA LA JOT A,
Howell Mountain, !\apa County.
THAT BEAUTIFUL STONE-BUILT RESt-
.I dence will be let for the summer, with board,
on very reasonable terms; also two Furnished
Cottages. Poatoflice, Long-distance Telephone and
Swimming Tank within half a mile.
T. ALGEKNON ELWELL.
Angwiu, Napa County. California.
THE GEYSERS,
Sonoma County, Cal.
UNDER NhW HANAGKMKKT.
DATES $2 TO *'-' 50 PER DAY, $d TO $14 PER
Xt week: all baths free.
-- W. H. HARRIS. Proprietor.
(SO TO DUNCAN SPRINGS,
rp\VO MILES FROM HOPLAND, M.ENDOCINO
1 County, for your health and pleasure. The best
medicinal mineral waters in the State. Fine elec-
tric and mineral baths; new modern hotel; 250
feet above the valley; Hue view. Furnished cot-
tages to rent. Plenty of amusements. Free bus
to 7:30 i rain from San Francisco, and other trains
when notified. Terms, $10 per week.
O. HOWELL, President.
Telephone at Postoflice. _^ .
SKYLAND, SANTA CRUZ MOUNTAINS,
would like a few boarders; new house, adjoin-
ing church and Postoflice; good view. For further
particulars address MRS. H. M. C LOUGH, Sky-
land, Santa Cruz County, Cal. ; _
PAMPERS' CLOTH SIGNS CHEAP; RESORT
\J printing and signs. HILL, 2"_'i a Geary •'..
A TTRACTIVE LOCATION- PLEASANT
A rooms; fresh fruits, strawberries, cream, chick-
ens, etc., all raised on home farm. For particular*
and terms address box 85, Sebastopol, Sonoma Co,
MONTR VISTA— THIS DKLIGHTFUL RE.
sore in the Sierra pines is now open to guests;
terms reasonable with free carriage to and from
trains. \ (Send for illustrated circular descriptive of
scenery, climate, table and the new attractions of
1890, to C. E. KINNEY, proprietor, or C.
HAZARD, manager, Dutch Flat, Cal.
HOTEL VICTORIA, SONORA, CAL,, THE
gem of the mountains, famed for its equable
and salubrious climate; near nature's won-
derland: altitude 1985 feet; the pleasure and
health seekers' paradise: th* accommodations of
the Hotel Victoria will be found of the highest
order; rates if 10 to $15 per week. JOHN C. MOB-
RISO.N", lessee.
OTEL DEL MAR-OX THE SEASHORE; 30
11 minutes' ride from Santa Cruz; climate per-
fect; table unexcelled; surf bathing; sailing, row-
ing, fishing; buses meet- all trains; children, $3
to $5 per week: adults, $9 per week: special rates
to societies and families. Address MANAGER
HOTEL DEL MAR, Santa Cruz, Cal., or room 29,
Maze building, 8. F.
IVERSIDE RANCH-ON THE BANKS OF
Eel .River. 6 miles from Potter Valley, Men-
doclno County: round trip, $9 75 from San Fran-
cisco; Cubing, hunting, bnthlng and boating un-
surpassed. Terms, $7 per week. Excellent table;
milk, fruit, vegetables raised on the ranch. T. J.
GILLESPIE, Potter Valley, Meudoctno County.
LUE LAKES PLEASURE RESORT— NEW
hotel, now open; many new improvements for
the entertainment of the guests: the pavilion built
ever the water; a naphtha launch, etc. • good fishing
and hunting. Address CARL METER, Bertha
P. 0., Lake Ca Do not address Blue Lakes.
f BELMONT. SAN MATEO ■ COUNTY,
board for summer months: private family;
beautiful grounds; large rooms: 3 minutes from
station; 1 hour fm city. MRS. HANSKN.BeImonu
I>ROOKSIDE FRUIT FARM; FINK SHADE;
i* plenty milk, cream, chickens and fruit; good
accommodations. Address Brookslde, Napa.
jftYPRESS LAWN FKUIT FARM— GOOD TA-
\J ble: home comforts. T. H. EP XV. Napa. Cal.
HOTEL EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF, . •■ #
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. , 100 looms, with Baths,
200 suites, 2 to 7 rooms each, with private bath**
10 minutes from businets and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and the Hudson Ri»er»
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anywhere in
• America. , '/■. '
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L 7' to 66th St., or Broadway cable
cars to hotel. Boulevard cars passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel in 10 minutes. European
plan. 81 up. American plan, S3 op. Most com-
plete! yea nipped and most liberally managed hotel
in New York W. JOHNSON QULNN, Mgr.
WM. NOBLJ&, Propr. - ■ ■ t
In " Vfill "^ro Tiuoat, i'implc3, CoppprT)&
»Mnn7t lUU wlored Cpots, Aches, Old 8ore»,
■■I'lccrs in Mouth, Hair-Falling! Vv'rito C'OOCLB
ifjiSErtZlißY CO., SG7 Masonic Temple, *§
SjChtearro, In., for proofs of. cures. Capl-
■vftail, So 3C,O©»». worst cares cured In 15fl|
QBto 35 diij ». 100-pcec book IVee.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonlo forth*
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and *
reat remedy for diseases of tho kidneys an 1 blaV
der. A great Restorative, Invigoratorand Nurvio*.
Bells lon I its own Merits— no long-winded testi*
monials necessary.
i>..tii.K. .ILM & BIS UN E, Agents,
523 Market St., S. if.— (send. tor Circular.)
Til HI) II n A laxative refreshing fw
[ jl IBS fl X fruit lozenge,
I nlllnil very agreeable to take.
CONSTIPATION
_ ■ ■ hemorrhoids, bile,
E U II § C II loss of appetite, gastric an«
111 II IC la intestinal trouble* and
■ ■■ ■* ■ *a ■■ headache arising
from them.
Anil I ffi%i K. GKILLON,
IvKi § lIN 38 Rue dcs Archives, Part*
U! PI IlaLs V If bold by aJ> Druggist*.
1112
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS
Sugar lower.
Sliver unchanged.
Wheat futures lower.
Other Cereals as before.
Hay steady. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Beans hard to sell.
Potatoes and onions abont the same.
Butter and Cheese unchanged.
More differecce in Eggs.
A car of Eastern Poultry in.
Vegetables rather weak.
Cherries higher and in brisk demand.
Berries and Currants firm.
Limes in light stock.
No change in Dried Fruit.
Hides and Wool unchanged.
Coffee quieter.
Explanation
Tne arrow fllsa with the -a md. Tbe top figure*
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
•ays: thoie underneath ft. if any, the amount of
rainfall, of melted snow in inches and hundredtbs,
taring the past twelve bo>'.rs. Isobars, or solid
Uses, connect points of equal air pressure; iso
therms, or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
won! "hieh" means high barometric pressure and
Is usually arcomDanied by fair weatbei: "low"
refers to low pressure, and is usually preceded
and accomptinied by cloudy weather'and rains.
"Lows" usually first appear on the Washington
coast. Wh^n the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coast, and the isobars extend
north and south along tbe coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain o it b of Oregon is improb
able. With a "high" in ice vicinity of Idaho, and
the pressure falling to the California coast, warmer
weatrier may be expected In summer and colder
•reatber in winter. The reverse of tbese conditions
mil produce an opposite result.
WJEATHKR BUREAU KEPOIiT.
r.viTKn States Dkpabtment of Agricttit
tcre, Wkathek Bubkac san Francisco. June
8, 1896, 5 p. m. — Weajher conditions and general
lorecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Eureka 51.90. last season 46.33; Red Bluff 22.43,
last season 29.71; San Francisco 21.25, last season
25.70; Fresno 5.16. last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.70, las: season 26.04: Los Angeles
9-S5, last season 16.10: San Diego 5.93, last season
I'J.'JO; Vuma.Bß, last season 3.01.
The following maximum temperatures are re
lon'.-d irom stations in California to-day:
Kureka 58, Bed Blurt 9., Sin Francisco 67,
Fresno 96, San Luis Obispo 76, Los Angeles 74,
ban Diego 66, Yuma 104.
*an * rancisco data— Maximum temperature 67,
minimum 51, ii-.ean r>9.
An area of hitjh pressure is central this evening
on the coast of Oregon, and the lowest pressure is
repotted from Southern California and Arizona.
Much warmer weather prevails throughout tbe
plateau region of Utah and Eastern Nevada. The
temperature is slightly lower in Northern Califor
nia this afternoon, but the change Is only tempor
ary, and conditions are now favorable for a more
severe norther than has prevailed during the past
two or three "lays. Probably the temperature will
rise in California during Tuesday and Wednesday,
and will approximate 100 degrees In the interior
valleys Wednesday.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending midnight. June 9, 1896:
Northern California -Fair: warmer in the north
portion Tuesday: probably still warmer Wednes
day: brisk northerly winds.
A hot noriher in the Interior.
Southern California— Fair; continued warm
Tuesday and Wednesday: fresh northerly to west
erly winds. A hot norther in the interior.
Nevada— Fair Tuesday.
Utah— Fair: slightly cooler Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair; continued high temperatures
Tuesday
ban Francisco and vicinity— Fair: slightly warm
er Tuesday; fresh northerly winds, probably shift
ing to westerly in the afternoon.
W. H. llammon-, Forec&st official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— The transactions
at the Stock Exchange to-day bareley crossed the
100,000 share mark and the trading \v.-s devoid of
feature until the last hour,' when Jersey Central
suddenly dropped » bout 3 per cent, to 1035/jj. The
break in Jersey Central encouraged the bears, but
they were careful to keep their sales within very
narrow limits. While the decline In the general
list ranged from Vi to 1% per cent it did not dis
turb holders and very little lone stock came out.
The greatest losses were made In the stocks of
properties undergoing reorganization, Tennessee
Coal and Iron and Sugar, as of late the trading
element was responsible for the chances In prices.
The leading operators have temporarily retired
from the field and commission houses and foreign
business Is of a small proportion, the political sit
uation being surrounded with too much uncer
tainty to permit of ventures except by thescalpers.
Tobacco showed more strength and rose to 66151
65y«. Sugar was weak and sold down to 1233/ g ,
notwithstanding the declaration of the usual divi
dends by the directors. The sellers of the stock
claimed to be disappointed on account of the
failure of the management to distribute pur; of 1
the company's surplus at this time. Speculation
closed weak with prices Vi^-ij/g lower on the day.
Tobacco, however, gained % per cenu
Bonds were weak. The transactions footed up
$782,000. St. Louis southwestern seconds fell 4
to 25, Chicago and Northern 1 acih'c fives certifi
cates 1 to 42%. Missouri Pacific Consolidated sixes
1 to 86.
In Government bonds $14,000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 116%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Steadier, quiet, unchanged; Winter
wheat, low grades, $1 7C@2 85; do fair to fancy,
$2 45@3 66; do patents, $3 70@3 90: Minnesota
clears. 92 46@3 06: do straits, $2 95@3 65: do
patents, $3 ib@i 45; low extras, 91 90@»85; city
mills, $4 Oi@i 15: do patents. *4 3(i(g,4 55: rye
mixture. $2 bO@3 20; pupt-rliuo, 91 95@2 20: flue,
91 70(g>2 10. southern flour, quiet: common to
extra, »2 2U<ia,S 80; good to choice, $2 80@3 10.
Rye flour, quiet, steady, at *2 40@2 80.
CORNMEAL-Qulet. steady: yellow Western,
$2 05@2 10: Brandywine. 92 15.
- RYE— Quiet, firmer: No. 2 Western, 42@42%c.
LEV— Nominal; ungraded Western, 3i*@
41c.
BARLKV MALT— Quiet; Western. 48@53c.
WHKAT— DuII, irregular, closing easier: f. o. b.,
72c to arrive; ungraded red, 66@76c; No. 1 Nortn
ern. 706/sc to arrive.
Options were active and excited, with prices
Irregular, advancing l%@2c on higher cables and
local covering*, declined 2Vb@2S/ 8 on free foreign
selling and .general liquidation, closing weak at
%@S/8C below Saturday. September and July
must active. No. 2 red. June, 6714 c: July. 67%0 ;
August, 663/ g c; September, 66% c; | December,
68 1 /2 C.
stocks of grain in store and afloat June 6'
Wheat 2,331,024, corn 1,300,860, oats 1,835
rye 65,000, barley 21,500, malt 112,000, peas 715
bushels.
CORN— Spot, dull, easier: No. 2, 33i / 4@33V'ic
elevator; 3-U/ 4 @33Vic afloat.
Options wen: dull and easier with the West and
on local realizing, closing weak. October and Sep
tember most active; June. 333/ 8 c: July, 3-1 3/ a; Sep
tember, 353/ 8 c; October, 36c.
OATS— Moderately active; ea sier.
Options dull, easier. . June, 22 B Ac; July, 23c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 22*4*: Mo. 2 white, 25c-
No. 2 Chicago, 28% c; No. 3, 2154 c: No. 3
white, 23*40: mixed \Vestern, 23<ai24c; white
Western and white state, 24y 8 @24%c.
FEED BRAN-Unchangea. r>a@6o£
MIDDLINGS— Unchanged, 60<g.65c
*Vt- Unchanged: feec.bOc.
Provisions.
BEEF-Quiet, firm; family, 98 60@»; extra
mess, ?6@7; beef hams, slow, 914 50: tlerced
beef, quiet, firm: < Ity extra India mess.
FINANCIAL.
CHICAGO GRAIN, PROVISIONS
AND NEW YORK STOCKS.
vVrifctiL'JCK & CO.,
•4. Leidesdorff St.. Tel. Main 1954-
-IIKANi II OFFICK.
623 Market St.. Pa.ace Hotel. Tel Main 6828.
J. !S. I'I'BDV, Uanuger.
Orders instantly executed on lat*M market quo-
tations. Reference Ist -National Bank, .S. F.
CHICAGO. PHXVAT& WHUi. NEW YORK.
$11@12; cut meats, dull, easy: pickled bellies,
12 pounds, 4c: do shoulders. 414 c; do bams, 9@
9V 2 c
LARD— Quiet, lower; Western steam, $4 45:
city, 84 10; July. $4 50. Refined, dull, easy;
continent. $4 75; South American, $5 15; com
pound. 3%@4Vic.
PORK— Qulei, steady: old mess, $8 75@9:
new mess, $9<£9 50.
BUTTER— Fancy, steady, fairly demand; state
dairy. 10@15c: do creamery. 11@15%c: Western
dairy, B(jliy2c; do creamery, 11%@15%c: do
factory,' 8(allc; Elgins, 15% c; Imitation
cream , 1 0@ 1 2c.
CHEESE— Quiet, colored easy; State - large,
new, s%@6<^-gc; do small, new, 4@7c; part skim,
2@4%c: full skims, iy 2 (S:2c
iCGtiS— Easy; State and Pennsylvania, 13c;
Western fresh, 12@12y 2 c; do per case, $2 10@3.
TALLOW— Quiet, nominal; city, 314 c: country,
3yß@.3i/4c.
COTTONSEED Easier; crude, 19@20c;
yellow prime. 26c: off grades, 26c.
I.TIU )LEUM— Steady.
RESIN-Dull, easy; strained, common to good,
*1 72%.
TUKPENTINE-Quiet, steady: 25%@26c.
POTATOES— Steady, fair demand; Bermuda, $1
@3 60.
RlCE— Steady; Domestic, fair to extra,
3@sS4c.
MOLASSES— steady, quiet; New Orleans open
Kettle, pood to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Quiet; &@IO points up; September,
810 60&10 65; December, 10 10: March, $9 95.
spot Rio dull, steady: No. 7, 13*4 c.
SUGAR— Raw, firmer, quiet: fair refining,
3 5-16 c; centrifugals, 96 test, 3 11-1 Refined,
fairly active, firm; standard A, 5 6-16 c; confection
ers' A, 4 15-16 C; cut loaf, 6 11-16 c; crushed,
6 11-16 c; powdered, 53/gC; granulated, 5 l-16c;
cubes, 5 6-16 C
Fruit and Produce.
APRICOTS— Bags, B%@loc.
PEACHES— PeeIed, %t to, 12@13o; do nnpesled,
6y2«Bc.
PKUNES— Four sizes. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose Muscatel, 306*40:
do three-crowu, 4@4i^|C: do Jour-crown, 4i^(ißsc:
do London layers, 90c@$l ; do clusters, f 1 25@
1 40.
HOPS— Quiet, steady; State common to choice,
SVjftSSc: Pacific Coast. 2i/>@7c.
WOOL— Moderate demand: steady; domestic
fleece, 15@21c; pulled, 15@33c; Texas, 7@l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON — Moderate demand; American,
#10 75013.
COPPER-Firm: lake. Sll 4O(|HI 75.
LEA I>— Quiet: domestic. S3 »0.
XTK— Steady; straits. «1» 25@13 35.
PLATES— QuieL
bPELii-K-Quiet: domestic *4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, June B.— As a legacy from
Saturday, wheat this morning was possessed of
firmness and strength, but the business was not
what might have been expected of a bull market.
Of course, the bull feeling was founded on the crop
damage stories, more particularly those from
Kansas, of which a fresh batch were on hand to
day. Thomas, in his report, gave a falling off in
condition of winter wheat of 5.9 per cent. The
visible supply as usual attracted its share of atten
tion, causing fluctuations at the different stations
reported. The final result was a decrease of 193,
-000 bushels occasioning surprise and some selling
by reason of its smallness. Liverpool cables were
firm and VjgOlVid higher.
Receipts in the Northwest were 545 cars,
against 818 for three days last week an'i 317 for
I the corresponding day a year a^o Chicago had
. 20 can and inspected out 103.483 bushels. The
world's shipments for the week were very large
(7.9-9,000 bushels), and in conjunction with the
disappointing visible supply statements were the
cause of a sharp decline. The amount on oceau
passage increased 3'i0.000 bushels. Prices dis
played intense weakness during the last hour, of
ferings of long wheat growing in volume as prices
receded. Closing Continental cables were higher.
Export clearances amounted to 423.949 bushels.
The English visifcle supply decreased 983.000
bushels. July wheat opened from 62Vsc to 62' 40.
sold between 63V2C and 60% c, closing at 61%©
60% c, l@lv 8 o under Saturday. Estimated re
ceipt» for to-morrow 32 cars.
CORN— Displayed not the faintest symptom or
desire of participating in the early advancing
movement of wheat. The true inwardness of the
weak tone arose from the brilliant crop prospects
»nd the coming forward from the country of old
corn. To-day's receipts were lartre at t-69 cars.
Withdrawals from store were good at 251,443
bushels. The visible supply showed an increase
of 962,000 bushels. The amount on ocean passage
decreased .40.000 bushels. Shipments of corn
from Argentine, Russia anl Danubian ports the
past week agcre^-ated 1,232.000 bushels. Export
clearances amounted to 281.744 bnsbels. July
corn onened at 28*40, declined to 38V8C, closing
at 28Vs@'-8 1 4C 1 2(0' 5 i*c under Saturday. Esti
mated receipts for to-morrow, 600 cars.
OATS— Were of the same inclination as corn.
In face of the strength of wheat prices declined,
the market being ruled by the bearish conditions
which prevailed. Receipts " were heavy at 356
cars. Withdrawals from store amounted to 291,
-626 bushels. The visible supply showed an in
crease of 12,000 bushels. Export clearances were
171.948 bushels. July oats closed ViM^/gC under
Saturday. Estimated receipts for to-morrow 600
cars.
FLAX— Wasfirm. Cash,Blc; June, 81J£c; Sep
tember. 83V 3 @B4c Receipts were 33 cars.
PROVISIONS— Business in product was In a
rut, and traders were apparently without interest.
Even the activity incident to the recent decline
was lacking, very few orders either to buy or sell
being in the market. The close was easy in sym
pathy with grain. July pork, lard ana ribs each
closed 5c lower.
BUTTER— The butter market was in good con
dition to-day. Offerings were moderate A demand
goo! and prices firm. Creameries— Extras, 15c;
firsts, 14@!4i4c: seconds, ll@13c; imitations,
fancy, ll@l3c. -Extras, 13c: firsts, lie;
seconds, 9c. Ladles— Extras, 10@10%c; firsts,
B%@9J/2C; packing stock, »«@By2C.
iXiGS— Were easy. Offerings were large and the
demand limited. Fresh stock, 9@loc ? dozen.
MONEY— Was 6% on call and 6®7% on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 60c premium.
Closing Prices.
WHEAT— June. 60% c; July, 60*4 c; Septem
ber, 6is/g@6l%c.
CORN-June 27%@27%<r. July, 28VB@2Si,ic;
September, 29%?.
OATS— JuIy. I 8y B c-. September, 18y4@18%c
PORK— July, *7 17%; September, 97 3*%.
LARD— JuIy, 94 27y 2 ; September, »4 42%.
RlßS— July, $3 90; September, *4 05.
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, IK*, June 8-The re
ceipts of cattle to-day were larger than expected,
but there was a good demand and prices held firm.
Arrivals of hogs were light. The demand was good
early and for a time prices wero 5c higher. The
close was easy with the advance lost. Offerings of
sheep were heavy and prices averaged 10c lower
In consequence.
CATTLK— ReceiDts, 17,000. Fancy beeves.
?4 15@4 88; choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $3 95(£&410-. good to choice steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, S3 70&4 00; medium steers. 1000
to 1600 pounds, $3 50f«3 65 common to fair steers.
950 to 1400 pounds. $3 30(^3 45: leeders.
900 to 1200 pounds. S3 40<gi»75; cows and heifers,
extra. $3 20@3 75: cows, fair to choice. $2 20<a
3 10: cows, common to fair, $1 60@2 10: Texas
grass steers, $2 40@3 10: Texas red steers. S2 90
@3 80; Texas cows and bulls. $2 10@3 10: mukeri
ana springers. pe.r Lead, 520@35; common to
choice stocicers. $2 65@3 45: bulls, choice to extra.
$2 Ho@3 00; bulls, poor to cnoice. $2 00@2 75
-calves, good to choice. 94 60@5 20; calves,
common to {rood. 93 2554 60.
HOGS-Receipts, 36,000. Heavy packing ana
shipping lots, $3 20&3 40: common to choice
mixed. S3 16(0.3 45; choice assorted, $3 45«&
3 56; pigs, $2 60@3 60.
toHEh.1 3 *- Receipts. 18.000. Interior to cnoico,
92 60&4 40; lambs, 93 60®6 35.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
CHICAGO, Irx., June B.— The Earl Fruit Com
pany sold California fruit at open auction to-day,
realizing the following prices: Royal apricots'
91 80<g)2 40 per half-crate; Newcastle apricots,
91 50@l 55: Clyman plums, $1 35@1 60 per half
crate: Cherry plums, $1 05; Alexander peaches,
81 35@1 75 per box: Governor Garland peaches,
$140@155; Royal Anne cherries, $1 25@1 55;
mixed cherries, $1 25; Black Republican, $1@
1 25: Centennial, $1 15@1 30: Black Blgarreau,
$1 10@l 20: Black Tartarian. $I@l 25.
Porter Bros. Company sold at open auction to
day California fruit as follows: Apricots— Kovals
$2 30: seedlings, $1 70@l 85: Newcastle 9')t(a
$1 40. Plums— Cly mans, $1 85: Cherry, in
10-pound boxes, 65c. Peaches— Alexanders. 91 30
(dl 70. Cherries— Royal Annes, 60c@$l 45-
Bigarreaus, 85c@?l 30; Centennials, 70c<S49i 30-
Tartarians, 75c@$l 20; Assorted, 95c®$l 15'
Black Republicans. 85c. -"7..; -'
MINNEAPOLIS, Minn., June B.— Porter Bros.
Company sold at open auction California cherries
which arrived In very poor condition, as follows;
Tartarians arid Bigarreau», 35@80c. ■
NEW YORK, N. V., June B.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold at open auction to-day California fruit
at following prices: Plums— Clymans, 91 95®
3 25. Apricots— Hoyals. B2 75; Bee<llingß,sl eS'SI
1 90. Cherries— El tons, 81 85; Governor Woods
81 50: Rockport3, 75c@*l 76; I-.igarrcaus $l(qj
1 55: Tartarians. 65c@$I 40: Oxhcarts, $1 30.
'1 he Earl Fruit Company sold California fruit
at open auction to-day at the following prices-
Clyman plums, 92 25@3 10 per half crate; Koyal
apricots, $1 70@2 25 per half crate: skyhlgh apri
cots. 91 60@l 85: Seedlings, $1 25@1 90; Alex
anders peaches, $1 45@1 86 per box.
NEW YORK STOCKS.
I Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Shares.
Money on call easy at 1%@2%: last loan at '4%
and closing offered at 2%. Prime mercantile paper
*%@6%. Bar silver, 68% c. Mexican dollars,
63VgC. Sterling Exchange is steady, with actual
business in bankers' bills at $4 87i4@4 87%
for sixty days and 94 88*4 (3,4 88% for demand.
Posted rates. 94 88@4 89. Commercial bills
84 Bt)i.4@4 86%. 1 Government bonds were steady
State bonds firm: railroad bonds lower. Silver at
the board was easier.
■ CLOSING STOCKS.
Am Tel * Cable.... 96 Norfolk & Westrn . 43/.
Atchison 14% Preferred. 10
Preferred......... 2iy Northern Pacific, 38/.
Adams Express 148 Preferred...... 14
Alton. Tefre Haute »-0 Northwestern. .....1048/i
American Expresslll : Preferred.. 14b
American Tooacco. 65 ' N. V. Central 96
Preferred.'. ...... V 97 N.Y., Chicago*-. L. 12
Bay State Gas 275. Ist preferred..... 70
Baltimore* Ohio.. 17 Yd preferred...... aIV4
Brunswick Lands.. %N.Y. AN. H.... 176
Buffalo, Koch AP. 19 N. V * New Eng. 40Va
I Canada Pacific...; 62 N. V., Susq & W... t<%
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, ,lUNE 9, 1896.
Canada Southern.. 60 1 Preferred... 2334-
Canton Land....... 50 % Ontario .....12
Central Pacific 14% Ontario & Western 13%
Cues. & 0hi0. ...... 'x 53/ g Oregon lmprovmut 1
Chicago Alton 157% Preferred --—•.'■
Preferred 70 Oregon Navigation 14
Chicago, B. & Q.... 77V» Oregon Short Line. 5
Chicago &E. 111... 41 j Pacific Mai1...:.... 2«4i
Preferred .99 '.Peorla, D. & Evans 8
ChlcagoGas 67%!Plttsburg & W. pfd 15
Clevedt Pittsburgh 163 Pullman Pa1ace.. ..158
Consolidation Coal. 32 Quicksilver. 1%
Consolidated Ga5.. 154%' Preferred 14
C. C. C. <fc SL Louis 33y B Reading 83,4
Preferred 82 RioGrande<&Westn 16
Colo. Fuel A iron.. 26 i Preferred 40
Preferred 100 'Rock Island ....69%
Cotton Oil Cert .... 11% Rome Wat&Ogaen.ll6
Commercial Cable. 150 St. L. <fc S. W 3%
Del. Hudson 126»4 Preferred 9
Del. Lack& Westrn. 160 St. Pau1..... 76
Denver<fcß.G 12% Preferred. 127
Preferred. 47 V 4 St. Paul & Duluth. 22
Distillers 163^ Preferred 86
General Electric... 32% St. Paul it Omaha. 42
Erie ..: 14 Preferred......... 124
Preferred 34y4|Sl. P.M. &M 112
Fort Wayne 163 'Silver Certificates. 68%
Great Northern pfdl 18 {Southern Pacific. 19
Green Bay %'Southern K. it 8%
Harlem 295 1 Preferred. .:...... 28V4
Hocking Coal l%Sugar Refinery ....1233/
Hocking Valley.... 16 Preferred 104
Homestake. 32 Term. Coal <& Iron. 2414
H. & Texas Cent... | Preferred. 90
Illinois Central 93 Texas Pacific 7%
lowa Central 8 Tol.A.A.&N.Micn.
Preferred... 32 <«. To!. & Ohio Cent. . . HO
Kansas & Texas... 10*/4 Preferred 70
Preferred 23S/ B Tol.Si.Loiiis<fe K.C. 5
Kingston & Pern... 3 , Preferred 5
Lake Erie A Westn 18 Union Pacific 7
Preferred. 70% U. P. Den & Gulf.. 3
Lake Shore .1508/4 v. S. Cordage 5
National Lead 24 % Preferred 9%
Preferred 88% Guaranteed 19
Long Island ..78 U. S. Express 40
Louisville Nash. 49% U.5. Leather l A
Louisville. N a <fcCh 83^: Preferred 63y 8
Preferred. 20 iU. S. Rubber....... 20 8/*8 /*
Manhattan C0n501.104%1 Preferred 80y a
Memphis & Charls. 16 Utica &B. River. .160
Mexican Central... 9% Wab. fc>. L. & Pac.. 6%
Michigan Central.. 95 Preferred ley*
Minn<feS. L Wells-Fargo 97
Preferred — - Western Union.... 85
Minn & St. L com. 16% Wisconsin Central. 1% I
Ist preferred 76 Wheeling &L. E.. 95/g j
2d preferred 46 i Preferred 34
Missouri Pacific... 22%iAm Cotton Oil pfd. 54%
Mobile Ohio 19 / W. U. Beef 7 3 A
Nashville .feChatt. 68 Ann Arbor 8
National Linseed.. 15 i Preferred 22
N. J. Central Brooklyn Traction. 24
North American... 6%Erie2dpfd 20
CXOSINQ BONDS.'
U 4s, registered.. 108 MX T 2ds ..58
Do 45.c0up0n....109y 2 Do 4s 82
U S 4s new, regstrdll6% Mutual Union 65... 114
(Do 4s, coupon 116% !.N j Cent Gen 55...119i/8 j
Do as 94%iNorthern Pac lsts.ll7 i
Do r.s 1123/ 4I4 I Do2ds 114%
I o 6s, coupon 1123,4 Do 3ds 70
Cherokee 4s, 1896.100 Northwest Consols.l 37
Do 1897 10U Do deb 5s 108
Do 1898 10(1 iO R & lsts. 1103/ i
Do 1899 100 !stL&lronMtGen6s 78
Pacin'c of '95.... St L & S F Gen 63. 11 3
DC 3-65s 109V*St Paul Consols.... 1 31 1/ 2
Ala Class A4s 106 St PC& Pa 15t5... 118
Do Class B 4, 55.. 106 Do Pac Cal lsts. 110
LaConsol4s 98 Southern RR 55... 92%
Missouri funding. .. Texas Pacific lsts. 84*%
N Carolina con 65.. 12 i Texas Pacific 2ds.. 20
Do 45... 104 Union Pac lsts '96.lo4y» '
So Carolina 4%5... 106 West Shore 4s. 106% I
Term new 3s 83% Mobile & Ohio 45.. 68
Va funding debt... 69%' R Grande West lsts 76
Do registered iChes 4 Ohio 5s 107V4 I
Do deferred 68... 6 iAtchlson 4s 78 1 /*
Do trust rcptsst. 5 1 4 iDo 2ds A 40S/ 4 ;
Canada South '.lds.. 104V 2 (i 11 ASA 6s 105
Cen Pac lsts 0f '95.10:* Do2d7s 97y 3
Den A P. G Ist 11l H A Tex Cent 55.. 109
Do 4s. 9iy 8 Do con 65.. .......100
Erie C4l/4 Reading 4s 79
Kansas Pa Consols 71% Missouri 6s. 100
Ks Pa lsts Den divll2y 3
FOREIGN MARKETS.
WHEAT IN LIVERPOOL
LIVERPOOL, Eno., June B.— The spot market
Is firm. Cargoes strong at 26s 6d, arrived.
FUTURKB.
Tne Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 2 Red Winter: June,
5s 2yid; July, 5s 4 tl; August, 6s 2i/id; Septem
ber, 5s 2i4d; October, 6s 2V4d.
' securities.
LONDON, Ens.. June 8.-Consols, 113 S-18; sil
ver, 31 5-lSd; French Rentes. 10H 77V»c.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — f 4 88 14
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 89i/j
Sterling Cables — 4 90
New York Exchange, sight — 12%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
Fine silver, V ounce — 68%
Mexican Dollars 543,4 65
PRODUCE MARKET
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures were lower In sympathy with
Chicago, though Liverpool quotations were higher.
No change In spot prices. No. 1, 98 :l /i@$l 041/4;
choice, $1 02%; lower grades, 95<g)t»7y c; extra
choice for milling, $1 O7i/2<3»1 16 1? cii.
CALL BOARD SALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock — December— loo
tons, *1 01%: '.'OO, $1 01%; 500, $1 01%: 400.
Bioiy 8 ; 700. 91 013/ i 200. $1 011/4: 200. 91 0iy 8 . ''
Regular Morning Session— December— lloo ',
tons, $1.005/ ; 300, $1 OOy*.
AfTEKNoux Session — December— l3oo tons, '
91 : 100. 91 001-8.
BA LEY— Quotations showed no change. Feed, |
70rd>7U4c $ ctl; choice, 72y 2 @73%c; Brewing, i
2 <3>Bsc. i. .■■;,. :~i.
(ALL BOABD SALKS.
Informal Session— lo o'clock— December— 4oo
tons, 7iy 3 c: 200, 713/ c.
Ksgulab Morning session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — No sales.
OAT.-i — and unchanged. Milling are quot
able at 85(a87y2C %i ctl: fancy Feed, 87y 2 @92y ;
good to choice, 82%(a87y2c; common to fair, 75®
80c; Gray, 80@85c; Surprise, 92y c@$l %! ctl.
CORN — market continues Inactive. Large
Yellow, 87y a ®90c; Small Round do, 97y a c; White,
80<g,85c $ ctl.
l:V!;-75(g)76yic^ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— BS@9OC ft ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 i* bbl; Bakers' extras, $3 55@3 65;
superfine, 82 75@3.
CORNMEAL, ETC. — Feed Corn, 919 50@20;
Cracked Corn, 820 60@21 i». ton.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In 10-lb sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
234 c: Bye Flour, 314 c; Rice Flour, 7y 3 c; Corn
meal, 4(g,3c;4 (g,3c; extra cream do, 3%c; Oatmeal,
3%c: Oat Groats, 4%c: Hominy, 4&4% c: Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 3yoc; Farina, I
4y 2 c; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled Outs, 4 Vic;
Pearl Barley, 4%c; Split Peas, 4%c; Green do,
sy*c * lb. ' ■ .
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFB.
BRAN-816@16 ? ton.
MIDDLINGS-816 50@17.50 "9 ton for lower
grades and 818@19 %* ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, $16@16 50; Oil
cake Meal at the mill. 920 per ton; jobbing, $21 ;
Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 f* ton.
HAY— Steady. New Wheat. ?B®lo 60 IS ton;
New Wheat and Oat, ,$7 50@9 60 »S ton; new
Oat, $7@B & ton; new Barley, 86 60@7 60 '$
tor. Old Hay is quoted as follows: Wheat, $8@
1150 # ton: Oat, $7@9: Wheat and Oat. $B@l l ■
Barley, 97<a>8 50 * ton; Clover, 86<S>7 50 fi ton:
Compressed Oat, 96 50(&8; Compressed Wheat, 97
@10 50; stock, $6@7 per ton.
i STRAW-20@40c $ bale.
BEAKS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— There are plenty of sellers, but few
buyers. Bayos quotable at 90c@$l f) mis Small
Whites, $1 25@1 35 $ ctl: Pea, $1 20@l 30 ~f, ctl:
Large Whites, 90c@?l ft ctl ; Pink, 85(a)96c; Reds,
8125; Blackeye, $176; Red Kidney, nominal-
Limas, 82 5032 70; Butters, 81 40@l 60 for small
and $1 26@1 50 for large.
SKKl)S— Brown Mustard is quotable at 81 50®
225 » ctl: Trieste, 82@2 60 $ ctl: Yellow Mus
tard, $1 40®l 60: Flax, $1 70@l SO; Canary, / ic
~f lb; Alfalfa, 7%r3i9% ** lb; Ripe, 2%c %i ib;
Hemp, 3y 2 c lb. » ... yr.7,,.^:,.. ',
DRIED PEAB-81 25@1 40 $ ctl for Niles and
$1 25@1 45 for Green.
POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTATOES— Prices showed little change. New
rotatoes, in sacks, 85c@$l; new Early Rose In
boxes from the River, 81 @1 25; new Bur bank
Seedlings, $I@l 50; Oregon Eurbanks, 76@90c:
Early Rose, 60@,60c: Petaluma and Tomales, 65®
75c % ctl; Humboldt Burbanks. 70@85c ctl.
ON IONS-Continue p entlfulat 25@35c $ ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 687 boxes As
paragus, 77 boxes Rhubarb and 392 sacks Peas.
Prices for several descriptions were weaker.
Hummer Squash. 6@6c $ n> for Hay and 76c
<a>sl if* box in small coxes: Egg Plant, # th;
. Los Angeles Tomatoes, $I@l 50 ft box: Cucum
bers, 50c@l 'j* dozen; Asparagus, 50c@$l %i box
for ordinary and 81 25@2 tor extra: Rhubarb,
50c@$l m box; Dried Peppers. s®l2i/»c: Green
Peppers. $ tt>; Green leas, 50®76c $ sack for
common and $I@l 25 for Garden; String Beans,
s@aci* tb; Horse Beans, 40@50c $ sack; Dried
Ok ra, 12y 8 c; Cabbage, 46@50c fictl; Garlic, 4@
DCf la
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
BUTTER-Strictly fancy is steady, but cheap
grades are weak.
Crkamery— Fancy, 14%@16c; ' seconds. 13®
DAiRY-Fancy, 13@13%c; good to choice. 12®
J2y 3 c; lower grades, ll@ll%c.
CHEESE— Fancy mild new are : quotable at
6%c %* lb; common to good. 6® 6c; Cream Ched
dar. 9c: Young America, 7®Bc V tb; Western, 10
@llc; Eastern, 12@12%c. »
EGGS— The gap between ranch and store Kegs Is
widening, the former being firm and the latter
I weak. Eastern K|ba, 10@12c: store Kggs, K»@lVic
ranch Eggs, 13@15c; Dock Eggs, 14@15c %4 doz.
. POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY — A car of Eastern sold at 13@14c for
Turkeys, S3 50 fo rDuct<s. $5 50@6 for Hens, $4 :0: 0
i (£5 for old Roosters and $3 25 for Broilers. Local
stock was nominal. Llv • Turkeys are quotable at
12%@14c* for Gobblers, ll@l2%c. for Hens:
Geese, pair, 76c@81 25; Ducks, $3@4 ■ dozen
for ola awl . *4@5 for youni:: Hi-fis, $3 su(d)
$4 50: boosters, young, $6 &0@8; do, old, $4(3
4 50: Fryers, 85 50(J46; Broilers, if.l<&s fur large
and S2@3 for small; Pieeons, *1 25@1 60 * doz
ior young unc old.
GAME— Nominal.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There has been a good deal of skepticism on the
nan of the public as to the reports of a short crop.
The majority of dealers and buyers have all along
insisted that there would be plenty of fruit and
that, the growers were exaggerating the damage.
They are oeniutiin« now to tind out their mistake.
It is safe to say that the whole crop of the State
will be more or less deficient this year, except
probably Pears, and buyers are going to find it out
in spite of their talk about ample crops. A glance
at the quotal ons for Cherries. Strawberries, . Goos
eberries. Currants, etc , will tell the story. Reports
yesterday that the Apricots were beginning to drop
seriously set the trade to thinking. Apples are also
dropping in some sections, and altogether the out
look Is against cheap fruit this year.
Buyers were eager for Cherries and took them ud
quickly at the advanced prices and would have
taken more. ■■ . _ - v ,
ORCHARD FRUITS-Arrivals of Cherries were
1849 boxes, selling at 60@75c tor White, 70@90c
<& box for Black, and Hsc@sl for Royal Anne.
Cherries in bulk, n/ 2 @7y 2 c '?> lb or Wh.te nd 6@
7c for Black and B@9c for Royal Anne.
Peaches, 75c@$l 25 %l box, latter figure for prime
ripe fruit.
Plums, 76c<a*l H crate.
Cherry Plums, 40@tS0c 9 box
Ripe Apples from Australia. $2 5U@3 ft . -.,,-
New Apples, 50@75c f* box In small and Sl@
1 60 in large boxes and 60c <$ basket.
Green Pears, 50(c675c « box and 35c y basket.
Royal Apric, ts. 76c@jl 25 ¥ box, outside figure
for 6-inch boxes. ...
BERRlES— Receipts of Strawberries were 161
chests, selling at $9©12 # chest. for Longwortbs
and $o@7 for large berries. ■
Gooseberries, 2y 2 @3c * ft in bulk for ordinary
and 4@sc -f, lb In bulk for large.
Raspberries, 40@75c f* drawer; Newcastle
Raspberries, $1 25 ft crate.
Blackberries. 81 25@1 75 $ crate.
Currants. 84©5 fi chest.
CITRUS FRUITS— The supply of Limes is insuf
ficient to warrant quotations. Oranges quotable
at $I@l 75 V box for seedlings, $:-i@4 & box for
Navels, $1 s<J@2 50 for Malta Bloods and *l_2aia
225 for Mediterranean Sweets: Lemons, 75c@
$150 for common and $2@3 for .good to choice;
Mexican Limes, ; California Limes, $1 box;
Bananas, $I@2 # bunch; Pineapples, #3@6 *
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
DRIED FRUITS— The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
Cakload Lots— Apples, l%@2c 1* lb for quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4@4%c for evaporated;
Peaches, S@sc and 6c for fancy; Apricots, tfy 2 (j^
8c for prime to choice. 9c for fancy and 10@llc $
tb for fancy Aloorpark; Figs, black, 2y 3 ct'orun
pressed: White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c S» tb
for evaporated halves, 3i/2@*> c ■"$ * for quarters;
Prunes. 3@3yic; Plums, 3y s c* tt> for pitted and
l%@2c for imputed : Nectarines, 3y2&Jsc %*. lb for
prime to choice and SV^c for fancy.
Jobbing Peickb— Evaporated Apples, 4@4%c
* lb; sun-dried, li /2 rdi2c: Peaches. 8i/ B @sc and 6c
for fancy; peeled in boxes, 12y 2 c %4 lb: Prunes, 3%
f>4c for four sizes, 5c for 40(c650's and 4y ? c for
50@60's; Apricots, 6%«9c for prime to choice,
10(g)ll for fancy Moorpark; Figs, black, 3y c;
White Figs, 3<s6c: Pears, 8c lb for evaporated
halves and 4@7y 2 c for quarters; Plums. BV a @4c
for pitted «nd l@l%c foruupltted: Nectarines,
4@sc fi S> for prime to choice.
RAISINS AND DRIED GRAPES— Prices are as
follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose, 3»4c; 3-crown, loose, 3c; 2-crown.
2 1/2 c%4 ft: seedless Sultanas, 3%@»% c: seedless
Muscatels, 2yn@2%c: 3-crown London layers, 70c
box; clusters, $1 35@1 50; Dehesa clusters,
*2 10@2 25; Imperial clusters, $2 60@2 75: Dried
Grapes, V tb.
Jobbing Pkic*s— Four-crown loose, 3Vi@4c; 3
crown, ay^c* lb; 2-crown, '2*±@Vc. Seedless -Sul
tanas, 4c ii lb; Seedless Muscatels, 3c; 3-crown
London layers, 75@90e; clusters, $1 50@l 75;
Dehesa clusters, 82 bO; Imperial clusters, $2 75;
Dried Grapes, . ■ • " ■
NUTS— Walnuts ere quotable at 9@llc f, Ib
for No. 1 hard and ll@l3c.^ lb for taper-shell,
jobbing lots; Almonds. 6@7y 2 c "& lb for Laugue
doc and! BVo@loc for paper-sliell. jobbing; Pea
nuts, si/2(»7c tor Eastern and 4yi@sy 2 c for Cali
fornia; Hickory Nuts. s@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough
and 8c for polished; Filberts, B@9c; Brazil Nuts,
9@loc fy lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 'f, 100.
HONEY— Comb is quotable at 10@12c V tb for
bright ana B(a>9c fy tb for lower grades; water
white extracted, 5(55y 2 c ? lb: light umber ex
tracted, 4Vi<a4»/ic; dark amber, 4c; dark, 2@3c
BEESWAX- < %i lb.
PKOVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon Is quotable at tfc "8
Ib for heavy, 7c ft lb for light medium, 9c 1» rb for
light, 10c for extra lieht and 12c ¥ Hi for sugar
cured; Eastern Sugar-cured Ham?, lie $ Ib: Cali
fornia Hams, 10c $ Ib; Mess Beef, $7 50(%8:
extra mess do, 88 50i:ai9; family do, $10: extra
prime Pork, $8 50@9; extra clear, $14 $ bbl;
mess, $12 f> bbl; Smoked Beef, 10c f» lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6V4c lb
for compound and 634 c for' pure; pails. 7%c;
California tierces, SVicror compound md 6'/4c tor
pure: half-bbls, 6Vi®6%c; 10- lb tins, 7i.i ( -; do
6- it,, 7*54 9 it.. ...
COTTOLENE— 6@6Vic in tierces and 6S^@7VBC
¥lb in 10- tb tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— salted steers are
quotable at 7@7%c; culls and brands. 6@6%c:
medium, 6&6V2C; culls and brands, s<iss%c; light,
6c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides. s©sVs'': culls
and bmnds, 4@iy- > c: salted Kip, 5c ft ib; salted
Calf, 7@Bc: sailed Veal, 6c; dry Hides, 10%@llc:
culls and brands, B@B%c; dry Kip and Veal, &l&t)c:
culls, 7c: dry Calf, 16c; culls, 10c; (joatskins,
20@35c each; Kids, sc; Deerskins, cood summer.
30c; medium. 16@25c; winter, 7@loc; Sheep
skins, shearlings. 10@15c each; short wool, 2(,(q)
35c each; medium. 40(*60c each; long wools, 50@)
60c each. Culls of all kind* about %c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@3%c: No. 2,
8c; refined, 6%@53/ic: Grease, 2Va« %* lb.
WOOL— Vailey Oregon, 9@ 10 1/2 C%» B>: do
lower grades. S(a)9 i - i c %i lb; Nevada, 6@9c f» lb;
San Jo'uqui and southern Coast, six month!}, 4ffi6<:;
San Joaquin, foothill, good to choice, 7@8o; San
Joaquln, year's fleece, 4%!a6y 3 c; northern free,
7@9c;do defective, 5@6%c "j* lb.
HOPS— %( lb. - . -
' GENERAL 3IERCHANDISE. . . '
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, spot. 94 25; June-
July deliTery, 94 37%; San Quentln, 84 20; Wool
Bags, 24y a 2 c. ■
COAL— Wellington. 98 3 ton; New Wellington,
88 # ton: Southtield Wellington, 97 50 ? ton;
Seattle, $0(^.5 50: Bryant, 95; -Coos Bay, 8* 50:
ail send, .Scotch, 87 50; Rrymoo. 97 50;
Cumberland, Bll@l2 in bulk and $13@14 in sks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Kgit, 811 60; Welsh
Anthracite, 98: Cannel, 87 50: Rock Springs,
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, *7 60; coke,
$ ! Wai '.' In bulk and $13 ¥• ton In sks.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford's circular gives the re
ceipts at this port during the first five months of
the year at Vt8. 573 bags, against 117,118 bags dur
tlie same time in 1895.' The Kales from first hands
were 64,329 bags, against 80.029 In 1&95. The
stock on hand June 1 was . 1.0 M.' bus, against
83,006 June 1. 1895. The world's visible supply
Jnue 1 was 2,446,000 bags, against 3,08ti,491 June
1,1895. Theciicular says: "On all sides dealers
complain that the demand from the interior,
usually good at this season of the year, Ims been
daily growing poorer, '■ and ' extreme dullness char
acterizes the condition of 'this markei sinco the
27ih tilt. In other quarters the staple is likewise
slow of movement ami generally lower, the decline
in Braalls in New York being fully %c within the
past month. Here tine Coffees are a turn dearer
and wanted : all other kinds would be a shade lower
were business being done. We let former prices
stand ' as nominally representing to-day's condi
tions. First-band stock is 2408 Costa Rica, 82
Nicaragua. 12,874 Salvador, 18,846 Guatemala,
219 V xican-ln all 29,429 baps, against 33.005
same lime last year." We quote market dull at:
Costa Rica— l9(g;2o%c for good to prime; 18®
19c lor good mixed with black bean<; 1634®
1734 c for fair; 13%@16%c for common to ordi
nary.
Sa:.vaiX>b— lß(ai9i4c for good to prime washed;
17i,4@17 3 /4 c* «> for lair washed: 19»i@20c for
good washed peaberry; 17V5@175/ 8 c for superior
washed; 1654@16% c for wood green unwashed;
19@19y 2 c for good to prime unwashed peaberry,
Guatemala and Mexican— 2o>/2@2 for
prime 10 strictiy prime .washed: 19v4@°^OC for
good to strictly good washed: 17ya@>1834c for fair
washed; 16@17i.4c for medium; 14V±@153/ic for
ordinary; l*@l4cfor inferior to common; 2014®
21c for good to prime washed peaberry: 19@19Va c
for good to prime unwashed peaberry. ■
; SUGAR— The Western Sugar Keflnery Company
has reduced its prices and now quotes as fol
lows, terms net cash: < übo, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 5 %c; Dry Granulated, 6 Vie;
Confectioners' A, sygc; Magnolia A. 46,01-; Extra
C. 4%u: Golden C, 4^gc; half-barrels, 14c more
than barrels, and boxes Va more.
SYRUP— Golden, in bbls, 16c; Black Strap, 10c
$Bal. .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
terers are as follows: ' '
BEEF— First quality, 6@5%c; second do, 4y ®
48/4o: third do, :)Wii)4c ■?< lb. - - • ■
VEAL— Large. s@6c; small, 6@7c ft tb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 5y 2 @6c: Ewes. 6%c lb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb. 6@6Va r - "f- lb. .
PORK-Live Hogs, 3c •# lb for large and 314 c
for small and medium; dressed do, 4 Va'<?>" >t v ji lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
FOR 24 KOUBS-'
Flour, qr. sks.... 24.510 Cheese, ct15.....i 6
Wheat, 0ti5.......' 1 18.789 doz... 11,130
Barlej.ctls Hides, no 186
Oats a,6B9li'elts, Idls 130
Beans, : 3.00« Wool, bis 220
Potatoes, 5k5..... 1,741: Wine, gals 67,400
Onions, sks... 663 Brandy, gals 500
Bran, sks 1,401 Leather, rolls 25
Middlings, sks... 501 Quicksilver. risks 76
Hay. tons 466 Mine, bb15........ 240
Straw, t0n5...... ■ •20 Paper, reams 2,000
Butter, ctls a7s'Tallow, ci 15...... 12
,■: ■ ■ :_ _■ . - : , i^-
THE STOCK MARKET
There was quite a rise In mining shares yester
day morning at the opening, Chollar selling up to
$4 30, Potosl to 82, Hale A Norcross to 93 40 and
the others proportionately. The market soon
weakened off, however, and was soft the rest of
the day at gradually declining prices. Hale A
Norcruus slumped off to $2 80 on the afternoon
call.
The close was dull and lower.
On the Bund Exchange the Sugar and li-_-ht
stocks were higher under a moderate busin' ss.
Th.- Alta asM-H ,1111 i;t falls delinquent tn ollice
to-day.
Additional reports from the Comstook are as
follows:
In the Ophir mine, on the 1000-foot level, west
crosicut 1, seventy feet north of the Consoli
dated California <fc Virginia boundary, is in 325
feet. Th? face is in cla • . porphyry and quartz, the
last giving low assays. West crosscut 1, '230
feet south of the Mexican boundary, on the same
level, is in 480 leet. The face shows clay s»ams,
porphyry and narrow lines of quartz, which aasay
50 cents per ton. There . were no important
changes in Ihe old Central tunnel workings of tbe
Ophir during the week. - : .'. • *.
At the Andes mine durin; the past week they
hoist the remainder of the ore that had accumu
lated and shipped this ore to the Mexican mill for
concentration. Shipped, 150 tons;, assays aver
age: Gold, $30 74; silver, 53.2 ounces per ton.
. BRUNSWICK lode WOPK. - ■
Best & Belcher. Gould & Cx:bry and Con.
California A • Virginia— Brunswick Lode—
The joint shaft. No. 2, has been sunk 8 feet on the
incline; total depth 2.J4 feet; bottom In hard por
phyry. • Owing to necessar/ repairing having to be
done to the tunnel, the east crosscut has been dis
continued for the present. '. ..: ' -
Hale A Norcboss— Brunswick Lodk— 2oo
level (prospecting work under management of the
H. <fc N. M. Co.)— The main north drift was ex
tended 19 feet: < total length 229 feet. Face in clay
and porphyry,, with stringers of quartz. Have
started an east crosscut from the main north drift
at a point 201 feet east from incline station and
advanced the same 20 feet. The face is in clay
and porphyry. . Have also started a winze on the
east side of the main south drift on our south
boundary and sunk the same 15 feet. Bottom in
quartz and porphyry. "-..-. '-'i-
Chollar-Brunswick lode— The south drift on
the 200 level from shaft No. 1 has been extended
28 feet during the week, and is now out 80 feet
trom the Chollar-Norcro>js line. The face of the
drift is in porphyry, with silos of clay and seams
of clay through it There is a slight seepage of
water from the roof. A portion of the week has
been occupied In getting in a blower and some air
pipe, and there is now an abundance of good air
for ventilation. No. 1 shaft has been sunk 8 feet
on tbe incline, passing through porphyry, clay and
quartz; total depth 4G4 feet. Work has been dis
continued in the bottom in order that a station
may be cut out and a chute made for the 300 level.
OCCIDENTAI.-560 level — The east crosscut
from the lower tinnel which Is being run to con
nect with the Edwards shaft .is now in 156 feet,
having been extended 44 feet during the. week.
The face or the crosscut Is In hard porphyry. 650
level— West crosscut 2, which was started 25 feet
south of the main winze, is in 369 feet, having
been extended, 32 feet. The face Is in hard por
phyry. 760 level— upraise from the north
drift from the west crosscut Is up 18 feet, follow
ing under and along the ore body. Have resumed
work in the north drift: face in ore of fair quality.
The south drift from west crosscut has been ex
tended 20 feet; total length 51 feet; face in fair
grade ore. .
.BOARD SALES.
following were th» «at«* iv th» Han Pranstsae
Btoc* Board yesterday; . . ■•■-',
REc;rr.AR MOHNIXO SSBSIO!T • COVU KHCTJTO 9:30.
100 Alpha. .... 24 3000 C Imp ..03,450 P0t051..2.00
100 Andes 53400 C P0int... 550 ...... 1.96
1000 ...... 52 300 Exchqr.. .15 10 1.90
100 Belcner...«lj2oo AC... 1.70700 5ava?..1.90
•200 B & 8.. 1.66 300 1.75 60 ...... ...1.86
100 ... ..%... 1.60 300 HAN. ..3.40 300 Seg B 21
100 Bodle 660.. ; ..3.35 100 22
200 .;......\...71250 3.30200 S Nv...l 30
650 8u11i0n... 44l 100 Kentuck..o6ll6o .. 1.25
100 43600 Mxcan. 1.351 50 1.20
100 8u1wer....38 60 1.30 Uni0n. .1.20
650 Caleda.... 16860 0cc1dt1..1.75 550 ....... .1.26
550 Cb011r.. 4.25 750 0ph1r... 2.40 200 Utah 20
650 ....... .4.20 100 0vrmn... .3*200 V Jackt..73
150 4.30 400 88200 71
400CC&V...5.15 100 ....42 200 70
100 3.201100 ....44 400 ...Ti
■', ■ AFTKBXOOJf SESSION"— 2: 30.
300 Alpha 34 520 ChoUar.. 100 0phir.... 2.20
300 20 60 Conti.... 1.35:450 2.15
100 ....:.V— -31 1000 Con 1ni..04|100 Overman. 42
1000 Andes. ..6l loo C P0int.. .70.1C0 41
200 60 200 900 40
100 Belch«r...7M 60 69 450 P0t051...1.76
150 79 200 G A C. .1.65450 ...... 1-80
200 B &.8.. 1.60:100 1.60 550 Savage.. l.VJO
200 Bodie 701650 HAM... 2.90(300 1.85
1100 8u11i0n. .401150 2.95 260 Seer Bel. . .21
250. 41 200 2.80 lOOSNev.. 1.20
200Caled .14100 .2.85 3M> Union... 1.20
100 Ch11nge...61200 Kentuofc..O62OO Utah 19
200 50 850 Mex... 1.25 450 V Jclil....tJß
200 CC&V...3.05 300 N G& C..11 300 ....69
50 8.001450 OccidU-1.66
.Following were tne sale's m ins Pacino dtooic
lewd yesterday: •■ v^;;-./ <•*::'.• n*/'r-"-
MorUR BESMOJT— IO:3I).
400 Aloha... 25 250 Ca1eda.....15i100 0vrmn...38
800 Alt*. 21 300 fcicnqr...ls|4oo ...43
200 Ande5....53 35004C.1.67%300 ......42
•200 .. 54 760 1.70100 44
300 Belcher... 83 200 ...».;:. 1.65500 40
100 : ...80 1900 H&N..3.2.'. 400 Pot os l.. 1.95
300 8A8.... 1.85 700 .3.40150 .......1.97%
650 1.60 250 i 3.50 650 1.90
250 1%460 5.45 100 1.921/js
300 1.57% 150 8.35 100 ...... 1%
200 80d1e... ..73 250 8.30 100 1.80
400 8u11i0n.. .41 950 ..3.20 1000 1.60
800 ......;. ...42 100 2.90 200 1.75
900 48400 2.92y 2 750 5av5;.... 1.80
100 44 200 2.97y.1i50 1.85
3008u1wer...85 950 V. 2.95300 1%
600 381100 ...H.05 400 ..1.00
400 dialing. .. 300 3.00 500 Scorpion.. 13
60 -.51 100 Justice.. ..l3 7oo 58AM....23
350 Ch611....4.10;200 ...15i 100 ....22
600 ....4.26 400 Mem... 1.251800 ......21
60 4.20 SOO 1.27% 400 •* NT....1.20
300 4.16 300 1.22^200 ••••• 125
300 .....:....4%'/00 ...1.3U|200 1.22%
600 .....:... .4.00200 0cc1d....1.70j200 1.17%
400 .3.96 400 0ph1r...2.251-'OO UninC.l.2O
•250 ..'. 3.90 200 *.27%|100 1.15
200 CCV.... 3.16 200 2.851400 V Jacket.. 6 B
10U ...... .—3.20 100 2.H0 300 ..„.:..... 69
100 : 3.07Va 60 «.22^!450 70
200 Crwn Pt... 74|300 0vrmn... .36,200 72
VOO 76100 39.50 71
350 72 . I .
AFTKRNOON BESMON— 2 :80. p
500 Alta 21300 Con Im. 100 0vrmn....41
400 Andes... 52:400 Kxchqr.. . 13200 Potos 1.82 2
100 60260 UAC... .154250 1.80
♦00 Blchr 80600. 1. Go 600 1.76
£00 78150 ..3.00 300 .......1.77y a
«00 200 2.95 400 8avag...1.85
200 BAB.I. 400 : 2.90:600 ..........1.80
100 Bodle 71 450 ...2%400 .......1.82Va
300 70 100 2.80.100 Scorpion.. 12
800 69,300 2.85.200 S 8&M....22
200 Bullion. ..41 200 Julia... 13 ! 200 Nv.... V2O
600 40100 Justice.. ..l 2 50 ;1.17%
200 Bulwer...Bßaoo Kentuck..O6 soo 81l Hi 11. ..06
300 Ch0ur... 3.50 400 Mex.'...1.25;*00 Uni0n. .1.20
100 3.921-2 550 1.22%i200 ;..;;. 1.1 7
100 CCV 3UO 0phir.. .3.201100 1.15
250 3.021.2 60 :2.22yJ.v:00 Utah:... 20
100 Conn.... 1.60260 ;2.17%j100 .•...:... ....19
650 C P0int... «9 250 \ 2.15 400 YJaok«l..6B
60 ....... .': . . 68 300 Ovrmn.Y. . 40|
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY. June 8-4 p. if.
Sid.Asked.\ /. :.-. .. Bid.Asked.
Alpha Con. ... 23 25 J011a... ....'... . — 15
A1ta..... 20 22 Justice.:.: 12 13
Andes 49 51 Kentuck. ..06 06
Belcher 78 80! Lady Wash.... 04 05
Best &Belcherl.ss 1.6U Mexican. :..... 1.20 1.26
I Benton C0n.... 20 —M0n0.'..,. — 08
! Bodie 69 71 Nevada Queen. — 05
8u11i0n........ 39 40OccIdental. ...1.65 1.70
Bulwer... 36 40 i 0ph1r.... :..:.. .2.15 2.20
Caledonia. .''IS —Overman.. -40 41
Ch011ar...:....3.85 3.90 Potosl 1.75 1.80
C0n.Ca1.&Va..3.00 3.05 Savage 1.8" 1.85
Challenge Con. 49 608corpion.: 12 ;13
Con. Imperial. 03 O4'seg. Belcher... 20 22
confidence 1.36 —Syndicate. 04 . 05
Con New York - lO^Uver Hill.. 06 08
Crown Point... 69 70 Sierra Nevada.l.l 6 1.20
KaatSlerrnNev — C 6 Union Con 1.15 1.20
Kxchequer.... — 13 Utah..:. ;.."..■.. 18 20
Gould &Curry.l.ss 1.60 Yellow Jacket. .: 68 ' 69
Hale ANorcrs. 2.80 2.85 " . ..
GOLD MINING KXCHANT.K.
•- '■■■ - » • ■-■ ■• .
600 Amalle 260 .' Providence
500 265 Bid 50 00
Champion Asked ............ 80 00
Bid 20 00 100 Savannah.. ...» 40
A5ked.......... 25 00 100 ............... - 41
200 Edna 34 200.. 42
300 36 ...;.... - 43
lOOGranU 14 100 ../...TV 44
Kennedy.......' 400...... - 45
Bid ;.. 10 60 400 Sevastopol....- 49
Keystone.. • 200 ...„..:.. 48
Bid 65 00 . -.Thorpe . ........
700 Lockwood Con.. 85 8id....... 70
900 , 36 A5ked......... 76
O." .. ? LOCAL, .riIITIES. .
Bid 2 Hmnboldt 8ank.....'..... 1100 00
Asked 100 Atlas Iron W0rk5......... 90
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water........... " 00
STOCK AND BOND; EXCHANGE.'
- \, . MONDAY, June B—2 p. m.
; UNITED STATES BONDS. , ~~ :\- > ".
•!/-'- , Bid. Asked. '-."-,',.. '. Bid. Asked.
US 4s c0up.. 1083/ 4 — - U S4s reg...109% — _-
Do new lssuelltfValies/s ■ -.
MIBCKLI,ANKOUB BONDS.
Cal-stCbless. i - 118 iPacßoll '- ' -
CalKlecL.es — 122% Do 2d is tfs... — —
Cmra C 63 95 97V%|P *O Xv 69.105 1 120
Dput-stex-cp 77 96 P&Ch By 6i. — 107.
LAP 6B - 122 Vi l'wl-si RKBs. - 116y,
I''&CHKU6s. 1041/2 — Keno.Wl.4tL. - 106
Geary-stß6n. - 105 ,ISacto P& L - 102%
LosAugLOs. - 100 Sf&XPR 65.100yi1018,4
Do<intecd6s - 103 SPBiKArizfls - -9V,
Mkt-stCble6sl23 - SPKKCaI 6s.lO«Ji]4lll
IfoßyConSs.. - 105 SPRRCaI ss. — -
SatVln6slst 65 100 sPBrRCaIBs- - 100
NevCNgß7s. Ib 105 SVWater6s..Uß% —
NPCRR6S.IO3 110 SVWaler4s.. - 98%
N RvCal6s.lO2^> - StktnG<fc ,^, 68 ,^; lo °
NByCaies. - 100 BunstTAr6s 100 -
Oak Gas 65.. 101 104y 3 Sutter-stßss.lo7V4 -
2d Is 65.. -- ' 106 • VisaliaWC6B - »i
Omnibus bB.IIBViH9 l / 4; , .
..'.'. I ■•.;. WATK.R STOCKS. .
Contra Cost* 87 38%|8an Jose .. . . . — -
MarinCo.... 60 - laprng Valley 98% 9»
B AS STOCKS.'
Capital....... 20 27 (Pacific Llsht r — 47*4
Central ' 95 - San Francsco 94»/, 04»/
OakGli&H - »3 Stockton - 21^
PacGaslmp. — 86%! . .
";.-,.; •.'.,.,.■ • INSURANCE STOCKS. - .
Fireman's - |5un .::.',..'... 26 60
COMMKRCIAI, BANK STOCKS.
Amerß&TC. U-- - |LondonP&A.l3B%l3o 1 ,
Anglo-Cal..:. 51»/» - iLondonAS*. — 27%
BanfcofCal. — 242%'jJlerch Ex... 18 -
Cal 8 D&TCo 55% 67Vi Nevada...... — —
FirstNalionl.l7B 183y,8ather BCo. - -
Grangers:... — — ',',-
M>:-- • BAVINOB BANK 1 STOCKS.
OerSiliCo.l4ls X4J»6 jßav<fc Loan.. - 100
Huml)S*&L.lloo 1460 'Security 250 280
Mutual ..■ - 40 Union Trust. 7os 800
SKbavUnion .•;— 490 |- •,' '- ;
• •;' ./ i • BTBKET BAILBOAD STOCKS.
California.. V. 108 - Oak SLA Hay — 100
Gearj-5t.....'. — 65 Presidio 7 —
-Market-5i.... 43V4 43%Sutter-5t..... — —
- POWDEK STOCKS. ;.'
Atlantic D... — l«i /8 Giant Con.. .. 24 24%
Kiistern D... — bU% Judson D.... — , —
California.... 75 - iVigorlU..... «0c 95c
MISCELLANEOUS STOCKS.
Alaska Pkrs. 96 97J£iNat Yin Co.. - —
BlkDCoalCo. — 10 Oceanic SFCo 22% 2*%
Cal Cot Mills - - Pre Aux b A 1 —
Cal Do- Dock - - PacßoraxCo. 98 100
Eoisou LlghtX2o 121 Pac Roll Mill - -
Gascon As3ii. — - |Parf PainlCo 6Vi 7 Vi
Ger Lead Co. 85 — PacTr-nsCo. — 24
HawCASCo.. 20S/» 20% Pac TAT Co. 56 70
HutchSPCo 303/ s 25ty 3 Sunset TAT. 41 —
MerExAssn.loo 110 iUnitedCCo. — 25
6ALKB— MURMN. bKASIOX
Board —
25 Alaska Packers' Association 96 75
64 Edison Light A Power Co. 12') 00
100 Hawaiian Commercial *0 87^
6 do do 20 75
60 Market-st Railway 43 75
60SFGas!lght 84 J 5
25 S V Water 98 87V 3
25 do do,b3 98 87V4
•fSOOOS V 6% Bonds 119 00
SALES— AFTKRITOOX EXSaiOX 1 .
Board—
200 Hawaiian Commercial 'JO 87^4
*!i Hutchinson S P Co 26 lv x /a
80 do do 26 50
10 Market-st Railway 43 SO
'.iO S F Gaslight 81 50
$5000 US 4% (new) Bonds. 116 50
Street—
30SV Water 98 87V«
HOTEL ARRIVALS
PALACE HOTEL.
A Davies, NY AH Tanner. Portland
A Meyer A wf,L Angeles Mr Fentonifcwf.Coronado
Miss Fenton, Coronado W H Wyman, Coronado
C J Neuman, Stanford A HindekooperAw.Chigo
W Blancbard, Chicago Mrs Gleason, Delhi
J B Allen, £cattle J A Hasslnger, Honolulu
Mrs J Kittle, Honolulu Miss Kittle, Honolulu
Mr Kittle, Honolulu E Monkhouse, London
W s Simpson. London A Meyer, N V
W H BlacK, Chicago F A Steele, Seattle
H G Rowland, Seattle J Sloan A wf. Santa Fe
W T Smith, Elko G E Hamilton. London
A H Lezinsky, NY E Bechowsky, S Gabriel
P B Armstrong, Sacto M Huntraft. Philadelphia
C N Beal, NY R BiaisdellAw.L Angeles
F Miller A wf, Riverside F B Hammond, Portland
W Dinsmore, L Angeles G H Burlingame. N V
G H Evans, Oroville A D Mac Tier, Montreal
A Hughes <fc wf, London W ChapmanAw, Tacoma
Je.ssie Suele, Kansas R Cantield, Santa Barbra
A Baker A wf, Kansas C Stella Baker, Kansas C
E P Baker A wf, Topeka E Kelly, Chicago
W McCreery, Belgium J McMullln, Fresno
W T Jeter, Santa Cruz O A Murry. Santa Cruz
A C Griffith, stnta Rosa Mrsßucklngham.Vacuna
F McAllister, Phiiadelph J Williams & wf, Englnd
C F Shaw, Boston Dr H H Davis & wf, N V
H ShuttieworthAw, N V
GRAND HOTKL.
C A Stephens, Fresno Dr W Davis, Sacto
J L Gil.is, Sacto W F George. Sacto
M V Brown, Sacto P H Brooks, Cal
N Wines, Santa Barbara C R Savage, Salt Lake
R E Savage. Salt Lake C Ormsby A wf, Pittsbg
E S Hadlpy, i?acto v D Graham, Cal
T E Hatch, San Jose Mrs R J Atkins, San Jose
T E Jacobs, Boston R M Gaynor, Boston
I E Rlsily. Red Bluff Mrs M Waters, San Jose
Miss Waters, San Jose J H West A wf, Red Bluff
C N Holden A wf, 111 C 8 Andrews. Portland
H C Ross A wf, Texas M J Wright, Sacto
F E Mariner, Auburn E M Frost. Los Angeles
E H Day, Mass P Tocnozzini, Cayucos
X H Draper, Chicago J H Tolfree, Los Angeles
M Campbell A wf, Term J M Kile A wf. Itl
H Frankenheimer, Stktn L P Wardie. VirClty
Alex Neileon, Sacto J J Burker, Cal
E F Winn, Merced J A Mclntyre, Sacto
O Breeden, Santa Ana Mrs Breeden A sn, s Ana
Miss V Ellis, Los Ang Dr Boone, Red Bluff
A J Weavherheaa Aw, O W W Turney, San Jose
L Burger, Los Angeles Dr W P Ingiish, Vacavle
F Phillips, Los Angeles M A Buckley, S Cro*
H G Turner, Modesto 8 T Fuller, Los Angeles
W H Graham, Napa E H Winsbip. Napa
C Rule, Duncans Mills W C Ruth, Sacto
RUSS HOUSE.
A J Hoabb, Ind Dr D A Gore A w, S Ana
W E Barclay, Mont Mrs J GranviUe, Butte
D M Sailsbnry, Tacoma J C Jens Aw, Belmont
S N Cleland, Menlo Park J F Davis & w, Sacto
Miss Rollins, Elmlra R H Brandon, Paris
MissESßrullard.Stockin Miss E Drmlard, Stock tn
U Clay A w, Modesto W Muir, Michigan Bar
A Pixley, Trinity W A Hentz. L Angeles
J L .SufKes, Oakland A McLeod, Kentucky
F French, Ohio H L Cone, Suaanville
A S Uawson, Chicago E T Mayland, San Jose
Mrs J Kohler, Oakland F F Haggett. San Mateo
A Meyer & w, Missouri N Sexton, Goid Hill
N T lieming, West Va C E Burrett, Conn
J B Wheeler, Conn MissCO'ConnelJ.SutterCk
C Gray, Hedges J F Brandon, Ceuterville
R Pomcroy, Oregon W 8 Shoemaker, Oregon
\V 1' Forse, Ukiah F Dable, Pt Arena
E X Dortt, Mendocino L D Shepard, Cal
J West, Oakland J Humphry A w, Oregon
G Julian, Oakland T C Hasket, Auburn
W X Price Aw, Fresno J H Kirk, Ariioua
MrsH MMoore.sLObispo W Stone, California
0 X scott, Portland T E Cohen, Missouri
J P Collins, Davisvllle
LICK HOUSK.
Wm C Davis Aw, Sacto J F Franklin, Chicago
Francis Crane, OaKland Chas M Donohue, Sacto
W J Henry, Los Angeles J Mannlon, Calaveras
J C Price, Santa Rosa Mrs S Andrews, Oakland
J i) Wilson, San Andreas S B Moore, California
E Porter, Bradley Miss Brewster, Wash DC
M J Hnssey, Mt Hamltn Geo R Porter. California
Max Gundlach, Bksflcld Mrs M Chase.Kalamazoo
Mrs F J Mauafee. S Cruz L C Kinney A w, Astoria
J Callaghan, San Diego J J Donovan, Santa Clara
C H Keys, Pascadero Miss Macintosh, Wdside
D M Adams, Visalia J Dannenbaum, Vallejo
G V Northy, Sulphur Ck Wm L Besbee, California
Hy C White, Portland Or.
BALDWIN HOTEL.
F M McCarty, Portland W W Beebe, Seattle
F B Taylor, Sacramento G Stracbam, New York
Miss M C Cook, NY A Kacinpher, New York
II A Murphy. Los Ang J A Morrissey, Stockton
Mrß Morris.vy, Stockton M P Stein, Stockton
Miss M Marks, Stockton H W Heiss, New York
B C Cobb, Stockton B C Poole, Stockton
J Giles, Chico T I'.oaoh. Marysville
F A 'lhorn A w, Denver N Bloclc, Vallejo
F O Crocker, New York Mrs Richerson, Brooklyn
Miss Taylor, Brooklyn H Scott, Santa Cruz
Miss Marston, Sacto T Myers, Yolo
R Loxan. Fresno F A Clark, Fresno
Miss Watts, Montana T Uobaon, Montana
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Buscblin, Aurora A Hackett, Alameda
E L Newman, S Cruz W N Evans, Santa Crui
H Berz. Ninon O W Johnson, Oakland
H Hulft A w, Boulder A J Johnson, 0 S N
J Desmond, USN J Coffin, Angel Island
Jossie Duprll, NY J J Harris, S V
D D McClure, Portland A Pattison, S Barbara
A E Hitchcock, Omaha H G Lower, Deadwood
W P Harrison, Seneca E Diaz. Mexico
A Ray, st Paul J L Gallatin, York
B C Gorndo Aw, S Jose F A Marsh. Fresno
♦ — ♦ ♦
Amsterdam is intersected by canals,
which divide the city into about ninety
islands. Communication with them ia
had by about 300 bridges.
THE CALL CALENDAR
Jvan. 1896.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
' V. 8. Coast ajtt> Geomctio Sitrvit Tidbi
, Boll'lctin.Pvbi.ishkd BY OFFICIAL >
AUTHORITY OF TRI SDPKBTNTIXDKJCT. )
Tuesday June 9.
SnnrlaM 4.46 1 Moon rises 2.57 am
Sunsets :. 7.32 1 M00n sets
«orr.— In the above exposition of the tldei the
*arly morning tides are given In the left hand
column, and the successive tides of the day In th«
order of occurrence as to time. The second time
column gives the necond tide of tho day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day. exoept
when there are bat three tides, as sometimes
occurs. The heichts given arc additions to the
soundings on the United States Coast Purvey
charts, except when a mlnns sign (— ) precedes the
height, and then the number given Is subtractivs
fron !>'» rl ■ •■■ - v<-n hv lie ,-hnr ■»
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN
Branch Hydrookatuic Ofkhk, V. S. N., "|
MkRCHAXTS' XCHANUK. {■
San FRANristx. JuneH, 1896. )
The time bail on Telegraph Hill was drooped
exacily at noon 10-day— l. c.. at noon of the l'ioth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. m-, ureenwieh time.
A. F. FRCHTEXKR,.
1 Lieutenant U. s. N. in charge.
OCEAN STEAMERS
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
Arrived.
MONDAY. June 8.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefleld, 85 hrs tnn Tacoma;
3500 tons coal, to S P Co. OaKland direct.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson, 62 hours from
Newport; ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr Corona, Mall. 62 hours from San Diego
and way ports; pass ana mdse, toGoodall, Perkins
& Co.
Rtmr Crescent City. Allen, 35 hours from Cres
cent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs, Wall A Co.
Stmr State of California, Ackley, 50% hours fm
Portland, via Astoria 41% hours; pass and md.ie,
to Hoodall, Perkins & Co.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 6 days from San Pedro:
ballast, 10 F Heywood.
Schr Jennie Theliii. Hansen, 36 hours from Eu
reka 150 Mft lumber, to California Door Co. Oak*
land direct.
Schr uotama, Brissem, 6 days from Coos Bay;
236 M ft lumber, to Simpson Lumber Co.
Cleared.
MONDAY, June 8.
Btmr San Bias. McLean, Panama: P M S S Co.
Br ship Gantock Rock, Evans, East London
(South Africa); Eppinger <t Co.
Sailed.
MONDAY, June 8.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and Port
Tcwnsend.
Stmr Caspar, Anfindsen, Caspar.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Btmr Whitesooro. Johnson.
Stmr San Bias. McLean, Panama, etc.
Stmr St Paul. Green, San Pedro.
Stmr National City, Andresen, Eureka.
Stmr Navarro, Hardwick.
Stmr Point Arena. Johnson, Mendoclno.
Bchr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Bender Brothers. Thompson.
Charters.
The schr Alice Cooke loads for St Michaels;
schr J DTallant, r. 'se, forKahulul: brig John D
Spreckels, mdse for Mahukona; bktn Chehalls,
lumber at Burrard Inlet for Shanghai. 47s 6d
prior to arrival: Br bark. Glenogle, salmon at Vic
toria for London, 35s— prior to arrival: bktn Re
triever, lumber on the Sound for Santa Rosalia.
Telegraphic.
POINT IiOBOS, June B—lo r. M.— Weather,
hazy, wind NW; velocity. 20 miles.
Spoken.
Jan 24— No lat or long— Br ship Beecroft, hence
Jan 7, for Hull.
May 31— Lat 61 N, long 24 W, Br ship Flint
shire, hence Jan 9, for Queenstown.
Apr 4— Lat 41 8, long 5H W, Br ship Wasdale,
from Newcastle, for San Francisco.
April 19— 26 S, long 33 W, Br ship Celtic
Bard, hence Jan 23, for London.
Apr 30-Lat 4 N', lone 89 W, Br ship Lord Cairns
from Swansea, for San Francisco.
May 31— Lat 49, long 39 W. Br bark Penrhyn
Castle, from Oregon, for Queenstown.
March 30— .Lat 43 S. lons 45 W, bark Largo,
from Oregon, for San Francisco.
Domestic Ports.
PORT BLAKELEY— June B— Haw ship
Hawaiian Isles, for Sydney.
BANDON— Arrive! June 7— Schr Joseph and
Henry, hence May 31.
PORT BLAKELEY— Sailed June 7— Scbr Fanny
Dutard, for Ventura.
EUREKA— SaiIed June 7— Schr Jennie Thelin.
for San Francisco : schr Eva; stmr Tlltamook:
stmr Pomona, for San Francisco; stmr Alice
Blanchard, for Portland; stmr. South Coast, for
Tr nidad.
Arrived June 7— Stmr North Fork, hence June 6:
June Stmr Alice Blanchard. hence June 6; stm
South Coapt, hence June 5.
YAQUINA BAY— Sailed June 7-Stmr Farallon
or San Francisco. . -
ASTORlA— Arrived June B— Stmr Empire, hue
June 2: Br bark Earlscourt. from. Newcastle,
NSW. S
WEST PORT— Arrived June B— Stmr Albion,
hence June 6.
USAL— Sailed June B— Stmr Protection, for Saa
Francisco.
HOQUJAM-Arrlved June 4-Schr Ida McKay,
hence May 26: schr Chas R Wilson, hence May
26.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June7-Bchr Orient
hence May 22; schr Maid of Orleans, heuce May
30: schr San Buenaventura, from Redondo.
TATOOSH— Passed June 7— Ship El well, from
Nanaimo, for San Francisco. June 8— rar City
of Everett, hence June 4. forNanaimo: Haw stmr
San Mateo, hence June 4, for Comoi ; bktn Quick
step, from Amapala, for Puget Sound.
PORT LOS AN'GELKS— sailed June B— Nor
Peter Jebsen. for Nanaimo.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed June 6— Schr Serena
Thayer, for Enreka; scbr Mary Bubne, for Eureka.
Arrived June B— -chr Bangor. from Port Gam-
Die.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed June B— Schr Vega, for
Puget Sound.
BOWKNS LANDlNG— Arrived June 8— Sehr
Corinthian, hence June 5. ■■. --..■,
POINT ARENA— Sailed June B— Stmr Green
wood, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived June B— Schr Abbie,
hence June 3; scbr Maxim, hence June 4.
sailed June B— Stmr Rival, for San Francisco.
WESTPORT— SaiIed June B— Stmr Albion, for
Devilbiss Landing.
Eastern Forts,
HAMPTON ROADS— Sailed June 7— Ship Cy
rus Wake field, for San Francisco.
Foreign Port*.
NAGASAKI— Arrived Juno 7— Snip Kennebec,
from Philadelphia.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived June 6— Ger bark J C
Glade, hence Jan 5. and sailed for Dublin.
ANTWERP— June s— Br ship G W Wolff,
for Oregon.
SHANGHAI— Arrived June 6— Schr Puritan,
from Moodyville,
Sailed June B— Bark Topgallant, for Puget
Sound.
Movement* of Trans- Atlantic Steamers.
NEW YORK— Arrived June 8— Btmr State of
California, from Glasgow.
NEW YORK— Jnne B— Stmr Saale, frm
Bremen and Southampton; simr Manitoba, from
London. '
BKEMERHAVEN— Arrived out Juneß-Stmr
Alter.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived out June B— Stmr Fnlda.
LEWIS ISLAND— Passed Juneß— Stmr Island,
from New York, for Stettin.
LIZARD— Passed June B— Stmr Veendam, from
New York, for Rotterdam.
Importations. ■
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— lo kef %
3 hi-kegs 129 tubs 99 bxs butter, 2 sks hides, 75
uulse. 8 dressed calves, 3 rolls leather, 111
M ft lumber.
SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— l ptg beeswax, 48
Sk.s dry fruit. 323 bxs oranges, 1166 bxs lemons, 1
cnest tea. 1 cs paint, 2 ca axle, grease, 1 bx glass, '£
sks rubber. 8 sks Iron, 1 lot loose iron, 13 bdls dry
fish, 12 sks abalone meat, 66 sks shells. * pksja
household goods, 202 sks rags, 6 coils rope, 3 sks
copper, 5 sks zinc, 2 wheels, 1 sk quartz, 252 pea
corbinr, 3 sks grape fruit, 1 bx limes, 1 bx plants,
1 bxd gun.
Newport— l bdl burlap, 306 bxs oranges, 60 sks
peanuts, 25 bxs lemons. 1 bdl fish poles.
Port Los Angeles— 2 bbls 33 bxs lemons, 23 bxs
tomatoes, 19 bxs squash, 7 wheels, 4 axles, 1 pk(
cross bars, 4 p<gs household goods, 69 bdls pelts, 2
cs pictures, 5 cs advertising matter, 25 pkgs
cheese.
Redondo— 60 tierces lard, 2 lots rails. 1 cs cof
fee, 1 bx oat meal, 5 cs Milwaukee beer, 10 M
hams, 24 coils bale rope, 1 bx glassware, 61 pkes
household goods, 1 sk clothing. 6 bxs old type, 142
bxs oranges, 66 bxs lemons, 1 bx glass.
Santa Barbara— l bx butter, 47 bxs oranges, 178
bxs lemons, 4 bxs iresh fish, 6 pkgs household
goods, 1 pke carpet, 1 horse. 1 bx hams.
Port Harford— 6 tubs 94 bxs butter, 1 c» dry
goo 35 cs eggs. 1 draper, 3 pKgs hardware, 9 a
5 bxs 3 hf-Dxs Mexican cheese, 1 pkg mdse, 2 bxs
fish, 5 dressed calves. 2 coops chickens. les shoes.
I keg olives, 576 sks bituminous rock, 114 sks
beans.
PORTLAND-Per State of Callfornla-2020 pit its
paper. 1353 bdls shooks, 231 pkgs barrel heads, 10
M ft lumber, 13« sks wool. 934 gunnies 1776 or
sks 722 hf-sks 1762 sks flour, 570 sks bran, 1280
wheat, 88 ska oats, 1607 sks potatoes.
Astorla-1898 bdls shooks, 223 sks oysters, 5
pugs express.
Consignees.
Per Crescent City- Dodge, Sweeney A Co: F Url
6 Co; C E Whitney & Co; Baker A Hamilton; H T
Atkinson: Hllmer. Breaboff * Schulr; Geo Brad
ford: Thomas Loughran: LI) Stone Co; Broad
way Brewery; Enterprise Brewery ; Chicago Brhw
ery: Hobbs. Wall* Co; Bis»ln?er<fc Co. >■
Per Corona— >an Francisco Breweries: Milwau
kee Brewery; Enterprise Brewery; Wetmore Bros;
selby smelting and Lead Co: D E Allison & Co: M
J Branrtenstelu; Hills Bros: Klauber, Lev! & Co;
WP Fuller* Co: W V Mitchell: Cliluda A Flack;
Geo l: Starr: A Galli Fruit Co: M T Freitas A Co:
Chas Teuen; H F Risdon: Chas Harley Co: O A
Wlliard- J Ivaucovlch & Co; Harvey A Clutes It
OGMenbood; Dalton Bros: JW Goodwin A Co:
Gray A Barbleri; JJ Miles; Southern California
Fruit Co- H 1 - Hammond: Nash* Co; lmmel A
Co- L Scatena A Co; Oregon Fruit and Packing Co;
A Summerriekl: Ryan A Newton ; J W Goodwin <fc
Co- McDonoush A Runyon; LCi Sresovich A Co:
WC Price Co: W A Schrock; ET Allen: FII
Ames A Co;' Wellman, Peck CO: Hawley Bros;
W B Isaacs: Hermann & Co; Pacific Ammonia
and Chemical Works: W Eastman: L Goodfriend;
Amer Press Assn: C W Chamberlain; J H Morgan;
E<l Adams & Son : D X Allison & Co: W s New
hall: D H Rom >t Co; D W Osborni'* Co: H Stock
ton: Sawyer Tanning Co: C E Whitney A Co: MP
Gleason: Cunningham, Curt is* * Welch; GctzACo;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co; Levi Spteeel A Co; Crown
Distillery Co; A Paladlnl; Schilling A Co: Italian-
Swiss Colony; Cal Bottling Co: De Bernard! A Co;
American Union Fish Co; Brlgham, Uoppe*Co;
Milan! * Co; Moore, Ferguson A Co; L«vy A Co;
Wleland Brewing Co; Norton. Teller* Co: P*c.rlc
Paving Co; Goo lall. Perkins* Co; FBllatsbt;
Western Meat Co; U H I'ilden A Co; Dalton Bros:
Slnshelmerßros: Marshall A Riemers; J 11 Cain A
Co: BO Hunt A Co: Ross A Hewlett.
* Per state (of California— Darbee A Immell-
Wells, Fargo* Co; Morgan oyster Co; Will Pulp
and Paper 10: Crown Paper Co; California Barrel
Co; .1 A Lacy; X 9 Wichan-s A Co: Hulme A
Hart; .1 Woollier; Wolf A Sons: Dalton Bros; L
Jaguar: John F English: Erlanger A GallDger-
EX Ltevens A Co: H Dutard; Gould A Jaudin-
Moore. Ferguson A Co: Otis, McAllister <£ Co
-1) 1 Russell; Flint Wise; ft X Sheldon: H B
Manin A Co; M P Detels; C J Lcist A Co; Allen *
Lewis, n iMummnimwirtiiiniiiiMiiimWALKS THE EARTH
A MINDLESS TRAMP
Fate of a Woman Who De
serted Husband and
Children.
ONCE A HAPPY WIFE.
Tried Marriage a Second Time
and Was Quickly After-
ward Deserted.
WRECKED BY WOODWORTH.
The "Power" of the Evangelist
Proved to Her the Power of an
Evil Genius.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 8. j
If a playwright were looking for a char
acter around which to weave a companion
story to that told in "The Wages of Sin"
he could not find one more appropriate
than that of Mrs. Mary Cleve, whose career
from affluence to vagrancy has been swift
and sure.
For more than a week the attention of
people on Clay street has been attracted to
a strange looking woman carrying a large
bundle. No matter how hot the day, the
poor creature strugjrles along witn her
earthly possessions clumsily packed in her
parcel.
Her face is the wreck of features that
were once handsome. Her gait is irregular
and seems to be guided by her erratic
thoughts and fears. Her -figure, still that
of a compaiativcly young woman, is bent
till it resembles that of a woman of sev
enty years. Her dress was once costly, but
has been out of fashion for a decade.
Parts of it are in festoons that are foreign
to its original pattern, and her once luxu
rious black hair nangs over her shoulders
in a few unkempt curls which are almost
gray-
Several years of dissipation have under
mined her reason, and on more than one
occasion she has answered to a charge of
vagrancy in the Police Court. She wan
ders around with her bundle, and when
asked where she is going or where she
lives she always answers, "Nowhere."
A query as to why she always carried
her bundle brought forth a more intelli
gent answer. She replied that unless she
carried all her earthly possessions around
with her, including her accordion, which
she plays with much skiil, she is fright
ened she would return home some day
and find that they had been stolen. What
use anybody could possibly make of such
a mass of repulsive rag 3 is a conundrum,
but Mrs. Cleve views the matter differ
ently. She is now a harmless lunatic,
without an aim, without a friend.
Ten years ago she was the wife of a re
spected citizen of San Francisco, but al
though the mother of four children, the
outside world contained more attraction
for her than her home, and after her de
sertion of her family a divorce followed.
Very bitter and short was her experience
of gilded life in San Francisco, and within
a year she was in Oakland living among
the lowest class of those on whom the law
has set its ban. Remorse followed and
with it came a desire to rise again from
the depths into which she had fallen. Her
"De Profundia" was heard by some Salva
tionists, and she was the first woman to
enter the little Rescue Home that has
since been supplanted by the large, busy
institution at Beulah. The death of two
of her children helped to bring her to a
realization of what she had done and after
six months she started out again to face
the world as a domestic. As she proved
herself a worthy woman friends inter
ceded and Bhe was given the custody of
her little golden-curled baby.
For a few years she kept on top ot the
billows of trouble and gained some notori
ety as an evngelistic worker, but her resolu
tions again met defeat when the Wood
worth craze struck Oakland. Mrs. Cleve
was one of the first to go under the
'power" that actually proved to her the
power of an evil genius. While overcome
she had to be carried out of the tent
where the meetings were held, and one of
the men who assisted to carry her out
professed to fall deeply in love with her.
A marriage followed and within a week
the unhappy woman was again deserted
and from that time her downfall dates.
Many times have her friends of old tried
to create new ambitions within her, but
her mind is unable to grasp things as they
are presented to her, and, fortunately,
memory has been kind and refuses to re
vive the past.
Another arrest for vagrancy, a probable
commitment to a lunatic asylum and then
the grave— such is the future of the
woman who should now be an honored
member of society.
Board of Education
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The Board
of Education to-night abolished the posi
tion of head of drawing department, with
a salary of $1950, and teacher of physical
culture, with a salary of $1500, and made
other reductions in tho salaries of public
f-chool teachers, amounting to a total of
$4390 over those fixed a year ago, but
in doing so created new positions or in
creased salaries to the extent of $4220,
leaving only a net cut of $170. Sitting as
& high school board the same body re
duced the salary of Professor S. P. Mead
$300 and re-elected every teacher for
another year to the same position they
have held in the past.
Kruttachnitt'a a "Rasper. '•
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— Genera! Man
ager Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pacific
Company appeared before the City Coun
cil to-night to oppose the opening of
Brush street. H« stated his argument,
and was frequently interrupted by Coun
cilman Bassett. who spoke of the "raspinc
manner' 1 in which the manager was speak
jng. Councilman Manuel opposed the
language used by Bassett, and wished it
understood that such expressions did not
represent the whole Council. The usual
wordy war followed, and it was finally de
cided that a special committee snould
visit the scene of th« proposed opening
and report next week to the Council.
Meohauio and Merchant.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The weekly
meeting of the Merchants Exchange will
be attended by a committee of the Oak
land Carpenters' Union to-morrow. One
purpose of these conferences is mutual pro
tection against irresponsible builders who
Deat merchant and mechanic.
The Carpenters' Onion are arranging a
public meeting that there should be-a bet
ter understanding by the public of the
purposes of labor unions. It will be held
in Germania Hall, Tuesday evening, June
16, and re presentatives from various crafts
will speak.
Cable Picked Up.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The steamer
Arago, Captain Conway, coal ladened.
picked up about 300 feet of three-inch wire
cable in the ship channel this morning.
It was so wrapped about the propeller that
the vessel had to be grounded and a tug
summoned to move her to the dock. The
cable was one from a raft of pile 3 brou^at
in by the Southern Pacific Company and
let drop when they were removed. The
cargo had to be shifted forward and re
moved from the stern so as to get the pro
peller near enough to the surface to cut it
away.
Main Thoroughfare.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— There is a
movement on foot to have Wood street
extend northward to the city limits and it
is expected that citizens of North Oakland,
Bay District and West Berkeley will co
operate in having Sixth street, West
Berkeley, which is being extended to the
racetrack, connect so as to make a contin
ou3 driveway from West Oakland to West
Berkeley. This would make a magnificent
I main thoroughfare or avenue for cycling
and driving, connecting the Oakland
Mole and the Contra Costa County terri
tory.
The Divorce Courts.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— Kate Bor
dell has sued her husband, J. W. Bordell,
for divorce on the ground of desertion.
The suit of Mrs. Falconbridge for a
divorce from Frank Faiconbridge has been
referred to tne Court Commissioner.
The suit of Martha Mullikin for a divorce
from J. C. Mullikin, transferred from
Contra Costa County, Judge Ogden allowed
plaintiff $40 a month alimony, $25 costs
and $100 attorney fees. There were seven
other cases on the Superior Court dockets
this morning.
At the Macdonough.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— Ada Rehan
in her famous role of Lady Teazle, with
the unexcelled support of the Daly com
pany, will present "School for Scandal" at
the Macdonough to-night (Tuesday). The
largest and moat brilliant audience in the
history of the Macdonough will witness
the production, including the most promi
nent society people of Oakland, Alameda
and Berkeley, and also a large contingent
from San Francisco.
Chinese-Japanese Conflict.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The Chi
nese-Japanese war broke out afresh in the
kitchen of the Sathena residence this
morning. Ah Uge Sing, the Chinese cook,
and George, the Japanese scullion-boy,
were discussing the reJative prowesses of
their horae lands, when anjrer got the bet
ter of their judgments, which resulted in a
free fight Detween the two in which the
Chinese was vanquished. He applied for
a warrant at the City Hall for tne arrest of
his assailant.
POLITICAL EQUALITY CLUB
How Shall Married Women Ob
tain Permission to Attend
Conventions?
Obsequies of City Attorney Taylor's
Wife— Floral Fete Receipts— City
Trustees Adjourn.
ALAMEDA, Cal., Jane B.— Mrs. C. L.
Wood presided at the stated meeting of
the Political Equality Club this afternoon.
A large number of ladies were present.
Miss Clara Bowen read a paper prepared
by Mrs. Ida Harper, and Mrs. Paxson one
written by Rev. Henry Ward Beecher.
Both were on the benefits of woman suf
frage. j. '.':
A lady in the audience sought advice.
She wanted to know what a woman ought
to do whose husband objected to her at
tending conventions and suffrage meet
ings. She stated that some of the hus
i bands in Alameda had set their feet right
I down against their wives participating in
the movement. Hs^f
The responses were various. One lady
said she would go first, and confess her in
discretion afterward; she would obtain
forgiveness or . Another lady re
marked she would argue the question qui
etly with her husband and try to convince j
him of his error; but she would go any- ;
how. The majority, however, could not ■
concede that such a state of things ex- \
isted or would exist, as their husbands j
were firm advocates of woman suffrage,
and had been the converters, not the con
verted.
The ladies had a social chat, the out
come of which was that on near dates they
would appear publicly in two plays; one
I entitled "Love and Politics," by Mrs. Has
tie, and the other "The Extra Session,"
by Miss Severance.
Frank McGowan of Humboldt City has
i been asked by letter if his services can be
j obtained in furtherance of the suffrage
! cause in this locality.
Mrs. Taylor Buried.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. Jane The sympa
: thy-extended toward City Attorney Tay
-1 lor for the loss of his wife. Mrs. Susie B.
I Taylor, and the respect entertained for her |
I were made stronsrlymanifest this morning. |
The funeral services were announced to
be private, but that did not prevent all
classes of the community showing their
I tense of Mr. Taylor's loss by their pres-
I ence at the residence while the last rites
, were held. The floral offerings were so
numerous as to require a special vehicle to
transport them to the cemetery at Moun
tain View. From 11 to 1 o'clock all busi
| ness on ParK street was suspended and all
.shops were closed. >
The Rev. Edward Dennett officiated at
the funeral services and E. D. Crandall's
quaitet sang "Abide With Me," "Blessed
Are the Pure in Heart" and "Lead,
Kindly Light."
The pallbearers were Joseph F. Forderer,
Ben F. Lamborn, J. F. Butterick, Stanley
Stephenson, J. 0. Smith and J. A. Collins.
Mrs. Taylor's father and mother, Rev.
and Mrs. W. R. Gober and all the imme
diate relatives were present and journeyed
with her to her last resting-place.
Alameda Driving Association. ,
ALAMEDA, Cal., June — At a meet
ing of the Alameda Driving Association
held this evening an invitation was re
ceived from the Pacific Coast Trotting
horse Breeders' Association requesting the
members to participate in its meeting, to
be held at Ingleside during the week of
June 27 to July 4. ■
A purse of two or three hundred dollars
is offered for competition, entries free and
; the rest is restricted to members of the Al
j ameda Driving Association.
A committee was appointed to arrange
entries. The track committee was re
quested to force the contractor to put more
teams on the track.
Alameda Fete Receipts.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June B.— spite of
the unkind weather, the receipts at the
Alameda floral fete reached $894 75. The
net profit to be devoted to charitable pur
pones will be about $450. If some lumber
on hand can be disposed of the amount
will be increased about $25. Mrs. O'Neill
and her other lady helpers are more than
satisfied with the results of their labors
and tender their best thanks to
everybody, the press included, who assisted
in bringing the affair to such a successful
issue.
City Trustees Adjourn.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June B.— The City
Trustees met this evening, and, after call
ing the roll, formally adjourned for one
week out of respect to the City Atttorney
in his bereavement.
Rev. Sir. Lane's Vacation.
ALAMEDA, Cal., June B.— The vestry
of Christ Episcopal Church has granted a
leave of absence for two months to the
rector, Rev. W. M. Lane, in order that be
may- recover his normal health.
> » ♦ — • — • ■
Gbocebs* Picnic to-morrow, Schuetzen Park,
Ban Rafael. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
SIX GRADUATES
READY TO MARRY
Pioneer Class of the Pres
byterian Social Syn
dicate.
SOME UNiaUE EXERCISES
All Members of the Society Must
Be United in Wedlock
or Move.
SOCIAL ANNUAL TO BE READ.
The Graduating Class to Render a
Sextet Wedding Class in the
Church.
Oakland Office Saw Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, June 8. J
The most remarkable "commencement
exercises" ever held will be given to-mor
Miss Mabel Ransome, a 10- Year-Old Graduate of the Presbyterian Social
Syndicate.
[From a photograph.]
row night at the Centennial Presbyterian
Church.
Six yonng ladies will graduate from the
senior class of the Social Syndicate into
the first stage toward wedded life. This
statement needs some explanation, and it
is to be found in the description of the
syndicate given by the president, Miss
Lottie Ransome, this afternoon.
"Our society, which we call the Social
Syndicate," said Miss Ransome, "was
formed by the pastor, Rev. J. W. Ellis, a
few months ago. Although the Centen
nial Church is its headquarters, any mem
ber in good standing of any church in the
neighborhood can become a member by
fulfilling the conditions. Once in it a per
son can only get out by marrying or mov
ing away, and for this reason some of the
young ladies of the church have given it
the name of 'M. M., 1 which they interpret
as meaning 'marry or move.' The basis
of the society is sociability, and it is
formed on collegiate plans, with four
classes through which to pass, but it is
age and not knowledge that makes
eligibility.
"The first class is the freshmen, includ
ing children of both sexes, varying in age
from 5 to 9 years inclusive; the sopho
more class takes in children from 9 to 15,
the junior from 15 }o 18 years and the
senior class association takes in all un
married men or women over- 18 years of
age. When members graduate from the
senior class it is equivalent to the an
nouncement of their engagement. There
are about eighty-five members of both
sexes in the syndicate."
Rev. J. W. Ellis recently decided that
although the syndicate is not yet a year
old it would be advisable for the gradua
tion exercises to be held at the usual time
of year for such things. To-morrow night
is the time of the nrst graduating class
and the members are: Miss Louise Childs,
Miss Anna Parks, Miss Angie Watson,
Miss Mable Ransome, Miss Caroline L.
Woods, Miss Thankful Arbuckle and Miss
Daisy M. Plomteaux.
The programme has been prepared with
great care. Key. J. W. Ellis will render
the introductory prayer, and then the class
of '96 will sirig the "Sextet Wedding
Song." Miss Childs follows with : "Sandy's
Romance," a recitation, after which Miss
Anna Parks will sine "Believe Me if All
Those Endearing Young Charms." Miss
Angie Watson and Miss Mabel Ransome
wiltsing a duet, "Wanderers' Night Song,"
and Miss Caroline L. Woods will give a
reading. Miss T. Arbuckle will sing and
Miss Plomteaux recite, after which Miss
A. Morns Rust will render "Where the
Lindens Bloom." A cornet solo by Miss
Esther Wood will be followed by the event
of the evening.
This will be the reading of the Syndicate
News by the editor. It will contain much
personal matter, and it is expected will
make a rare hit. The affair will wind up
with "The Spinning Chorus of the Social
Syndicate." Miss Anna Parks and Miss
Edna Camp will be the accompanists.
Since the establishment of the syndicate
affaires de cccur have taken on new life
in East OaKland and Fruitvale, and the
new venture has been voted a grand suc
cess. No membership fee is required, and
at the monthly socials nothing is ever
charged for admission even when they are
open.
Miss Waters, another of the seniors, will
also leave the class, but she is not goin.* to
marry, but to move to San Francisco.
There will undoubtedly be an immense
audience to see the first class of six "gradu
ate."
Republicans Active.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The Repub
lican Alliance of Oakland that has figured
so prominently in i>ast campnigns gave a
house-warming to-ni{;ht and inaugurated
the campaign at their headquarters at
Dietz's ODera-house. It was the lirst gather
ing since the organization last week. The
alliance i 8 known throughout the State as
the best uniformed club in California.
Nichols' Kstate.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 8. — Judge
Greene to-day authorized the ex-Public
Administrator to sell certain land in
Berkeley to pay off claims against the
estate of tne late W. W. Nichols, a iornaer
brewer of this city. There is property on
San Pablo avenue, in this city, estimated
to be worth $6000, but the court refused to
let this^be sold.
THEIR ACTS VOID.
Board of Works Sitting as Street-Open
ing Commissioners Hal No
Force.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— Judge Ells
worth rendered 'an oral decision to-day
which renders void all acts of the Board of
Public Works sitting as a street-opening
commission. He held that the act of 1893,
under which they sit as such Commission
ers, was unconstitutional, in that it at
tempted to classify cities for the purpose of
opening streets, in opposition to the gene
ral law of 1883, classifying cities by popu
lation for purposes of legislation.
»—-» — -• — •
WILL MEET FRIDAY.
Republican County Central Committee
Called Together.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The meeting
of the Alameda County Republican Cen
tral Committee to take some action in
connection with the Congressional Com
mittee mudd le has been changed from 2
p. m. Saturday to the same hour Friday
afternoon by Chairman Mantalen. This
action is to accommodate some Native
Sons, who are members and who desire to
attend the celebration at Sonoma Sat
urday.
Took no Action.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The Board
of Supervisors decided to-day that they
bad no authority regarding the affidavit
of James B. Barber, County Tax Col
lector, in which he sets forth that certain
property of the Southern Pacific Company
in this county had been assessed more
than once.
The Contract Let.
OAKLAND, Cal., June B.— The con-
tract for filling in the marsh between
Twelfth and Sixteenth streets from Wood
street west to the railroad embankment
has been let to Captain John Haskett. It
is expected work will commence about
June 20 and completed by September L
EXPERTS ABE EXPENSIVE
Supervisor Johnson Talks Plainly
of Criminal Cases With
No Convictions.
Too Many Detectives and Experts for
the Results That Are
Obtained.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 8. j
For a long time there has been a feeling
of dissatisfaction at the number and size
of the bills presented by the District At
torney for "expert" witnesses and "detect
ive" Bervice in criminal cases. During the
present administration many thousands
of Hollars have been paid out, but very
few convictions have been secured.
For a long time everything went
smoothly, bat last week the Supervisors
cut some of the bills very seriously and the
District Attorney raised a big objection.
There was quite a lively tiff between Mr.
Snook and the Supervisors this morning,
and in discussing the matter this evening
Supervisor Johnson said : "We had a pic
nic to-day over the cut in the bills of ex-
Eerts in the Ghiradella murder case,
ast week they were cut to a decent figure
and passed, but the witnesses have refused
to accept the money allowed, and to-ilay
District Attorney Snook threatened to
have us up before the courts to show why
we should not allow the bills as he had
presented them.
"I faced him and said :
"Look here, Snook, you are making it
cost the taxpayers of Alameda County
thousands of dollars and keep piling it
on, and yet you neyer get a conviction. I
for one think it time for you to let up."
He wont away angry, but I can't help it.
it is an outrage the way those bills run on
and no chance whatever of ever convict
ing one of the men under arrest."
HISTORY OF A DAY.
Alameda Connty Happenings Told in
Brief Chapters.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call, )
908 Broadway, June 8. \
J. H. Burns has Deen appointed assignee of
Kohlnor, the insolvent, with bonds in $52,622.
The settlement of the bill of exceptions in
the case of Colonel Wettstein against the
Southern Pacific has been continued till June
11.
The store of S. Kubel at 863 Broadway was
entered last night, the cash drawer wrenched
open and all the change, amounting to about
$2, stolen.
The estate of Elizabeth Paul has been ap
praised by W. M. Brandon, M. T. Moses and
Henry Maloon at $52,622. The estate consists
of real estate in Alameda, San Francisco and
tresno counties.
Ed Shaw, the young man from the country
who came down to net a taste of city life and
ended up by attempting suicide in jail, has
been taken home to Sonoma by his sister.
While out riding Saturday evening Mr. and
Mrs. Isaac M. Merrill had the misfortune to be
thrown from their buggy, and Mrs. Merrill
had her arm broken just above the wrist joint.
The wedding of Miss Flora Huggins, daugh
ter of Mrs. E. J. Huggins, and Rev. Frank
Hlnckley will take place on Tuesday at the
home of the bride on Fourteenth street.
The Oakland Political Equality Society will
meet at Odd Fellows' Hall to-morrow after
noon at 2:30 o'clock. A full attendance of
members is desired, and a cordial invitation
is extended to the public to be present.
Another delay has taken place in the settle
ment of the tight between A. C. Hammond and
the Trustees of the town of San Leandro. The
plaintiff has been granted an extension of
time of ten days in which to file a bill of ex
ceptions.
PROSPEROUS YEAR
IN BERKELEY
Town Trustees Receive
Annual Reports of
Officers.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Berkeley Stands Second in
Healthfulness in the En
tire State.
THE CITY OFFICIALS DISAGREE
The Marshal Dissatisfied With the
Conduct of the Prosecntion in
Liquor Cases.
BERKELEY, Cal., June B.— The Town
Trustees held a meeting this evening,
when reports for the past year of all the
town officers were received. J. W. Rich
ards, president of the board, also made an
elaborate review of the year's work.
The facts adduced in the various reports
show that the year has been one of rapid
growth for the university town.
Street Superintendent Chick's report
showed that there are now twenty-seven
miles of macadamized streets in Berkeley
and that during the year ending June 1,
1896, about $100,000 had been expended
upon the streets of the town, as against
only $11,248 in the previous twelve months.
The • actual public street expenditures
were $59,501 95, private $36,912, in addition
to which sums a large amount has been
spent on construction of sidewalks.
The report of Dr. H. N. Eowell, Health
Officer, gives Berkeley the second place
for healthfulness in tne entire State, the
death rate being only 10>£ per cent. It is
noteworthy that out of 114 deaths that oc
curred in the town during the year twenty
five were Coroner's cases. Dr. Rowell said
that the health of the town was most grat
ifying, and that the only epidemic that has
visited Berkeley was one of a mild form of
measles, which recently attacked Ward
four. Forty-seven pupils were excluded
from the public schools, but no deaths
hays resulted from the disease.
Marshal Lloyd reviewed the famous
liquor fight, and in the concluding words
of his report hit District Attorney Snook.
"The illicit liquor traffic can only be sup
pressed by vigorous prosecution,' said the
Marshal, "but that cannot be expected
with the District Attorney's office as at
present organized."
As a result of the raids made by Lloyd
five of the "speak-easies" have been
closed,
"The present violators of the liquor law
are doing a very small business," said
Marshal Lloyd.
"After July 1," said President Richards,
"we shall have power under the new water
ordinance to order new hydrants placed
on all streets havine four-inch mains."
Mr. Richards called attention to fig
ures furnished by Sanitary Inspector
Thompson, showing that in nre months
since January 1 sixty new buildings have
been erected in Berkeley at a cost of
$150,000.
Reports were also submitted to the
Trustees by Town Clerk Hanscom, by
John Squires, treasurer, Sanitajy Inspec
tor Frank Thompson and Poundmaster
Lauterback.
Five hundred copies of the reports will
be printed by the board for the use of the
public.
Comedy by Student Actors.
BERKELEY, Cal., June B.— The class
day exercises of the Berkeley High School
will be held to-morrow evening in Shat
tuck Hal. Members of the graduating
class will present Mrs. Burton Harrison's
"Two Strines to Her Bow," a comedy in
two acts.
The cast will be as follows:
M. Dumesoil, a bourgeois father, A. T.
Hughes; Mine. Dumesnil, his wife, May ML
Howell; Cecile, his daughter, Stella M. West;
M. Coudray, a friend of the family, R. S.
Haseltinc; Alphonse de Luceval, suitor of
Cecile, Mark 11. White; Baptiste, an old
servant, Carlton H. Parker; country girls-
Agnes P. Steedman, Daisy M. Clark, Lulu P.
Frame, Fannie E. Tyrrell, Grace A. Tyrrell,
Vivia M. Gage, Alice Stewart, Ella Roberts,
Jennie Ellison, Lucy W. Dewing, Charlotte A.
Henley.
The play will be preceded by a musical
and literary programme, the music being
furnished by the High School orchestra.
Carpenters Want Fair Flay.
BERKELEY, Cal., June B.— The car
penters and building contractors of Berke
ley are discussing the organization of a
Builders' Trade Association for tbe pur
pose of preventing contracts for local work
going to San Francisco and Oakland firms.
It is said that outsiders now secure an un
due share of the business of the town owine
to the fact that the architects employed
usually give Oaklaud or San Francisco
bidders the preference. The Berkeleyans
propose to bring influence to bear on the
architects.
Killed Near Redding.
BERKELY, Cal., June B.—Superin
tendent Wellendorff of the Alameda Water
Company has gone north to the scene of
the accidentof last Saturday, by which his
son, Paul C. Wellendorff, was killed. The
young man was the victim of an explosion
while working in a mine near Trinity Cen
ter. The explosion occurred in a waeon
drawn by ten horses, which young Wel
lendorff was driving. He was thrown to
the ground and trampled to death by the
horses.
The deceased was 29 years of age.
Death of 11. F. Norrli.
BERKELEY, Cal., June B.— H. F. Nor
ris, Superintendent of the San Francisco
Baptist Mission, died yesterday at his res
idence, 1909 Vine street, North Berkeley.
The deceased was a native of Alabama,
aged 45 years and had resided in Ber
keley about six months.
A HEAVEN NOT ON HAND.
"Major" McKenley Wanted His
Wife to Live in a Cabin
on the Dumps.
She Refused to Do So and Now She
Is Explaining Why She Wants
a Divorce.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, June 8. \
Major L. M. McKenley of the "Army of
Heaven at Hand" is being sued by his wife
for a divorce and the case was on trial
before Judge Ogden to-day. Mrs. Mc-
Kenley said they had been married about
fifteen years and all went well until Cap
tain Maybell persuaded her husband to 02
a major in his religious army. At that
time the "army" lived on the dumps in
San Francisco and McKenley wanted his
wife to go and live with him in a shanty
on Brannan street. Mis. McKenley went
Auction Sales
CHAS. LEVY & CO., AUCTIOXEERS,
Salesrooms— ll3s Market Street,
Bet-ween Seventh and Eighth. Regular Saledays,
Tuesdays and Fridays. Telephone, Jessie 76L
THIS DAY.
Tuesday Jane 9, 1896,
At 1') o'clock a. m. at salesrooms,
1135 MARKET ST.. bet. 7th and Bth.
\VK WILT. SET.L
An Elegant L'neof Furniture; Ranges; Carpets: 1
Upright Piano; Counters : showcases; 1 Iron Safe.
CHAS. LEVY & CO.. Auctioneers.
on to describe the snrroundings, which
were tanyards and stagnant pools of
water. She said she refused to go to live
there, when McKenley "packed up his
grip and left."
The major conducted his own case and
cross-examined his wife.
On redirect examination Mrs. McKenley
said that her husband jumped out of the
bed one morning, took an umbrella,
opened all the doors of the house and
drove the devil out of the house, the devil
having come, he claimed, from her mouth.
The case will be resumed to-morrow
morning.
» — * *
APPROVES THE CHARTER
The National Municipal League Heartily
Concnrs With the Provisions of
the Proposed Instrument.
The following communication was re
ceived yesterday by the Merchants' Asso
ciation :
Merchants' Association, Mills Building, San
Francisco, Cal— Gentlemen: I am obliged to
you for a copy of your synopsis of the new
charter for San Francisco. I have not been
able to curefully examine all portions of the
charter, but I have noted several features
wbicli have my hearty approval.
I am glad to see that you have made the
legislative department a single body of twelve
Supervisors to be elected at large, each to re
ceive a salary of $1200. I believe very strongly
in a single legislative chamber and in the pay
ment of those who devote their time and re
tention to city business. Every laborer is
certainly worthy of his hire and I know of no
reason why municipal legislators should not
be compensated just as we compensate our
State and National legislators.
| (Our Legislature in Philadelphia is modeled
on the National Congress. We have two
bodies, one composed of one councilman from
each ward forming the upper chamber; the
lower chamber is composed of one councilman
for every 2000 voters, elected from the wards.
We have none of the advantages which it Is
claimed accure from having two chambers,
one to watch and cneck t;ie excesses of the
other, and we have all of the disadvantages
which are alleged to follow the action of a
single body.
Had I the time I . could by reference to
specific instances demonstrate that two cham
bers do not of themselves promote good govern
ment. Suffice it to say that our experience
cannot be quoted in favor of bicameral legis
latures. I think, the tread of sentiment
among those who have given the question of
municipal government careful thqucht and
attention is that a single chamber is produc
tive of the best results; but after all it is not
bo much a question of the form of government
as of the men you elect to carry it out.
In some cities like that of Springfield, Mass.,
the system of government is antiquated, and
in some parts inconsistent. Springlield is well
governed, however, because it elects only good
men to office. In other cities that I know of
they have admirable forms oi government, but
because they elect bad men to office they have
corrupt and inefficient government. I am glad
to see thai you have incorporated a provision
in the charter providing for the granting of
franchises to the highest bidder, and the re
quirement that a percentage of the gross re
ceipts be paid to the City, and that no exclu
sive franchises shall be granted. The trend of
enlightened public opinion is certainly in this
direction, and the experience of those cities
which have granted permanent franchises
■without adequate protection and compensa
tion to the cityis not at all a satisfactory one.
The provision making the Mayor of your
City the responsible head of the government
with sufficient power to enforce his responsi
bility is also in keeping with what I think is the
development of the best thought along these
lines. Clinton Rodgerb Woodruff,
Secretary National Municipal League.
The National Municipal Leajnie is com
NEW TO-DAY.'
Back of m
The Guarantees
in the new Guaran-
teed Cash Value
Policy stands a
Society 'with over
forty million dollars
of surplus. To find
out what the guaran-
tees are, see policy
itself.
THE EQUTPABIiB
LIFE ASSURANCE SOCIETY,
ISO Broadway,
N.T.
SAN FRANCISCO OFFICE:
Crocker Building, Market, Montgomery
and Post Streets.
-wst
miMm
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store, it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that. •;
/^\. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Mstißl^L KEARXT NT. Established
Bi « 1 •^^'Ja In 1554 forthetreatrnpntof Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
62oKEAKSYST. Established
i In 1534 for the treatment of Private
I'lsensi'.s, Lost Maohixid. Debility or
?pj gt§| Sgi disease wearing on body and mind and
- tjkS nWK [Skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
£1 VfiMgJ others fall. Try him. Charges low.
if urea guaranteed. Callorwrite.
) l>r. 4 . *'. WXBBQMI Box 1937, Saa Francisco,
AICTIOA SALE !
THURSDAY.
Thursday ..Juno 11, 1896,
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
NEW YORK STABLES,
507 Jessie, Bet. Mission and Market.
"WE WILL SELL, WITHOUT RESERVE,
TWENTY HEAD OF HOUSES,
Top and Open Buggies,
Milk Wagons, Harness, Kto.'
■ .'I. J. McHltinK, Auctioneer.
posed of many affiliated municipal organ
izations throughout the United States.
The president of the league is Hon. James
0. Carter of New York. It has five vice
presidents, being prominent citizens of
Philadelphia, Boston, Portland, Or., New
Orleans and Chicago. Hon. Charles J.
Bonaparte of Baltimore is the chairman of
t!ie executive committee, composed of
eleven citizens of National reputation.
. ♦ • ■
Death's Sudden Call.
OAKLAND, Cal., June 8. — Daniel L.
Heath, a native of New York, aged 64, died
very suddenly last evening. It is supposed
heart trouble was the cause, as he has bad
several fainting spells. He has resided in
this city twenty years. He leaves a widow,
a grown son and daughter, and was a
member of Monterey Lodge No. 99, A. O.
U. W.
•—» —*
Stabbed Four Times.
Murdoch McDonald, 73 Natoma street, had a
row with Eugene McCarthy last night, and
McCarthy stabbed him four times with a
pocket-knife — in the chest and once on
the arm. lie was taken to the Receiving Hos
pital. None of the wounds are serious. Mc-
Carthy was arrested and taken to the Southern
station, where he was charged with assault to
murder.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS:
ASTORIA ANDPORTLAIItt
$2.50 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
fctateof California sails. June 2, 12 and 23
Columbia sails June 7, 17 and '21
From Spear-st. Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a, K.
6OOCAI.L* PERKINS & CO, Genl. Snpts.
P. if. CONK OR, Uenerat Agent,
630 Market street.
PACIFIC WIST STEAMSHIP COMPANY
CUT RATES
TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
S*JLzrst Class &0.00
Second Class .. &000
Meals and berth Included.
Ticket Office—4 Sew Montgomery Street.-
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
General Agents.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPAS!
STEAMERS WILL BAIL PROM jSf£f*
Broadway wharf, San .Francisco, as <^*<ra*
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorlnc Wrangel, Juneaa. Kll-
ltsnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), at » a. m., June 3,
18. 18. 548. July 3, IS. 18, '28.
For Victoria and Vancouver (B. CO. Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Kverett, Anacortea and New
Whatoom (Belllngham Bay, Wash.). 9 a. m.
June 3. *, 13, 18, 23, 88, ana every fifth
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wltn
the C. f. R. R.. at Tacoma with N. KB. R.,
at Seattle with O. N. By., at Port Townsend wltt»
Alaska steamers.
For Eureka, A rcata and Fields Landlnc (Hum-
bvldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 p. v.. June '2, ti. 10,
14. IK. '22, 3d 80 and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon, Cayucos,
Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), Gavlota, Santa
Barbara, Ventura, Hneneme, .San Pedro. East Saa
Pedro (Los Angeles) ana Newport, at 9 a. h., June
4, 8, l'J, its, M, 24. 28 and every fourth day there-
after. '
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Harfor 1
(San Luis Obispo), Bant* Barbara, Port Lot
Angeles, Redondo (Los Angeles) and Newport, 11
a. m.. June 2. 6. 10, 14; iB, 23, '26, 30and every
! fourth day thereafter.
For Knsenada, Ran Jose del Cabo, Maiattan, La
Fat Altata and Quay mas (Mexico), st,r. Orizaba.
10 a. m., June 9, 27, ana 25th of each month there-
aft« r.
TiiKet office, Palace Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
"uOODALI* PERKINS & CO., Oen'l Agents.
UOODALL, PERKIXS 4 CO., Genl Agent*,
10 Market st- San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. f\ Mntt
HAWAII, SAMOA, fUt HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, 1 *r
AUSTRALIA. \J S.S. AUSTRALIA.
S. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only. Tues-
day, June 16, at 10 a. m. Special party ra •■g.
S. S. ALAMF.DA sails via HONOLULU and
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY, Thursday, June 25,
at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Anst.,and CAPETOWN,
South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Ajrts.
114 Montgomery st.
Freight Office. 327 Market st., San Francisco.
COMPAGSIE GESERAL TRA^ATIAITI(|DB
; French Line to Havrn.
COMPANY'S PIER <N'EW),42 NORTH jn^rt*.
VJ River, foot of Morton st. Travelers by fiKggg
this line avoid both transit by English railway an J
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a smalt
boat. New Yors. to Alexandria, Kgypt, via Paris,
first-ci*S3sltsO: second-class, 9110.
■LA TOURAINE. Capt. BanteUi....May 2:<, 8 a. m.
LA NORJIANDIE May '23, 8 A. if.
LA GASCOQNE.. Jn c 20, 7 A. M,
LA NOKMANDIK...... July 4. 6 a. m.
LA QASCOGNK July 25. 11 a,
-LA NORMANDIR..... .'... AlHTiist 1, 6 A, M.
LA BOUROOGNE, Capt. Leboeuf. .June 6, 7 a. U.
f(3" For further partlcalars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent,
No. 3 Bo«!|nit Green, New Yorlc
J. F. FCGAZI <fc CO, Agents. 6 Montgomery
avenue, San Francises.
I fl^sK DAMBURCvAMERIC USE
! agi|W» TWIX-SCREW EXPRE33
*& "»■'■^^^S3^S!^^ Line from New York to
Plymouth (London), Oi»rbour:, i'aris & Hamburg.
A. Victoria. June 18 I Columbia. July 3
F. Bismarck June 25 I Normßnnla July 9
I. Cab., $95 and upward; 11. Cab., $50 and upward
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4% h.. free of charge,
I by special train: CHERBOUUO-PARIS, 6% h.
For paswre apply to HaMBURO-AMERICAM
LINE. 37 Broadway, N. V., or to KAIIN & HER-
ZOO, Agents. 401 Cal»ornlft3t..San FrancUco.Ual.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJLPACKET COMPANY.
STEAMER 3 LEAVE ASPINWALL /STSSU
k5 fortnightly for the West Indies and /a"Sflflp
Southampton, calling en route 'at C^rbourgh.
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
i Through bills of lading, in connection with th«
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and treas-
! ure to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from Ban Francisco to Plymouth,
! Cherbourg, Southampton. First class, $195: third
Class. *97 60. For further particulars apply to
■ PARROTT A CO., Agents,
SOS California st?
WHITE JSTAR Lip.
! United States and Royal Mall Steamers
BETWEIM
1 New York, Queenstown* Liverpool.
SAILING EVEItY WEEK.
CABIN, $60 AND UPWARD, ACCORD- -»-«
lnc to steamer and accommodations feS-Sal
select*!; sei-ond cabin, 88 and R4O: Majc»i.ic and
Teutonic- steerage Tickets from England, Ire-
land, . Scotland, Sweden, Norway «nd l>?nranrle
through to ban Francisco at lowest rates. Tickets,
calling dates and cabin plans may be procured
from W. H. A VERY, Pacific Mall Dock, or at th«
General Office of the Company, 613 Market street
BSder Grand Hotel. U.W.FLETCHER.
-- . ■ ■ General Agent for Vacifio Coast.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No; 3, Washington St.,
At 5 P. M, Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. H.
03" Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
■V . , Sii-.AJIi.K->:
T. C. Walker, . J. D. Peters.
Mary Garratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co
FALLEJO, HARE ISL.tfiD, *BESICIA, POST
COSTA 111 CROCKETT.
. STK. MOMICELLO,
Dally, except Saturday and Sunday—lo:Bo a. »
i and 4F.H. : Saturday, 10:30 a. it, 3:3U p. Ml
Sunday—3 P. si.
•4 V-only.
1 landing. aiisiioa 1. ri«r a*
1314
WIFE'S RIGHTS DEFINED
Court of Appeals Decides That
a Husband Can Mortgage
Community Property.
An Opinion Which Is of Vital Interest
to Every Woman in the
State.
A decision of interest to every woman in
California was 'rendered by the Court of
Appeals yesterday. The opinion was read
by Judge Ross, Associate Judges Hawiey
and Gilbert concurring.
The case in question was one of long
standing, David Hearneld against Fred
W, Bridges et al. to quiet the title to cer
tain land in the City and County of San
Francisco.
Both parties claimed the property in
question under a title from John H. Daley,
to whom a quitclaim deed was executed I
by the City and County of San Francisco,
March 5, 1870.
It appears that Daley, long since dead,
mortgaged during his life time the land
now in litigation to David Hearneld. Mrs.
Daley, on the death of her husband, laid
claim to the estate on the ground that it
was community property, and that conse
quently her husband had no right to mort
gage it without her consent.
Tne lower court, however, entertained a
contrary opinion, and now the Court of
Appeals sustains that position. It will be
seen, therefore, that the husband has a
right to mortgage any property standing
in his name, regardless of the fact that his
wife might be equally interested in the
same.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Alfred and Josephine Bouvler to Leonide C. Gur
ney, lot on N line of Broadway, 87:6 Eof Scott
street, E 50 by N 100: $10.
Margaret A. Skelly (administratrix of estate of
John Scanneli) to Charles A. King, lot on S line of
Pine street, 200 Wof Devisadero, W2sby B 137 !
$4410.
Charles A. King to Belle W. Holstein, same; $10.
Henry M Colety to Ellen Colety, lot on \V line
of Columbia (FloriJa) street, 234 S of Twentieth,
6 26 by \V 100 ■„ gift.
Frank E. Farley to Lizzie V. Farley, lot on E
line of Fair Oaks street, 158 N of Twenty-fourth,
N 20 by E 108:3: also lot on E line of Steiner
street, 48 X of Germanla, N 24 by X 81 :3; also lot
on s line of Twentieth street, 130 E of Sanchez, E
25 by s 114 gOt,
Jessie M. Plevin to William Paterson, lot on E ;
line of Doug'as street, 123 N of Eighteenth. E 125
by N 25: $10.
Johanna 8. E. Lunstedt to Edward Lunstedt. lot
on ]•; line of Jones street. 40 N of Chestnut, N 20
by X 68:6: $10.
Cornelius G. Dahl to Sophie Schwarzkopf, lot on I
N line of Suiter street, 24:10 E of Jones, E 21
by N 65 (ie-record); $1.
Sophie and Christine E. Dall to Samuel J., Paul
D., An aJ. and Louis E. Brun, same; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to hliza Tes- i
more, lot on NW line of Mission street, 375 S\V of I
Fifth, SW 25 by NW 90; $ .
Mary Murphy to Lizzie M. Ryan, lot on JNW !
line of Minna street, 102:8 NE of Seventh, NE i
22:6 by NW 75; $J.
Elizabeth Blackwood to Mark L. McCord, lot on I
SW corner of Twenty-fifth (Yolo) and Mississippi
streets, S 50 by W 100; $10.
.Mark L. and Etta M. McCord to August C. L. i
Stahle.same; $10.
Potrero Land ana Water Front Company to I
same, same; $5.
Gustavo or August Muettmannto Kmme Muett- '■
man, lot on W line of First avenue, 175 S of Deeth
street (California street south), s 50 by w 120; i
gift. '■ ::■. "-■■
Jones, Allen & Co. to Roseanna Feely,lot on NW :
line of Athens street, .625 NE of India avenue, ;
NE 25 by NW 100, block 68. silver Heights; $iO. !
Jacob and Lina Heyman (by Oscar Heyman, !
attorney) to Roxaunah A. Joyce, lot on SE corner
of Naglee avenue and Old san Jose road, S 56.10, !
E 111, N 55, W 125, West End Map 2; $10.
ALAMEDA COCNTY.
John W. and Fannie P. Hope to George T. Haw
ley, lot on SE line of Vernon street. 220 NE of ;
Santa Rosa avenue, NE 40 by SE 132, block F, I
Stanford Tract, Oakland $10.
Frank Silva to Richard J. Graf, lot on SE corner
of seventh .and Linden stieets, 8 88, E 82, N 24,
W 38, N 64, S to beginning, Oakland: $10.
Lena Schaffer to Domecico Lavagetti, lot on W
line of Telegraph avenue, 60 N ol Garfield street,
N 25 by W 100, being lot 84, Drexler Tract, Oak
land Township; $10.
George T. and A. S. Hawiey to John W. Hope,
lot on SE corner of Jean street and boundary line I
of Sunny Slope Tract, N 102.74, E 172.13, S i
12.055, W 196.94 to beginning, block B, Sunny
Slope Tract, Oakland: $10-
Henry Hayes to Lence Schaffer, lot 84, map
of Drexler Tract, Oakland Township; Rift.
James A. and V. A. Mayance to Annie E.
Draper. lotonNE corner of Clement avenue and
Willow street. N ISO by E 300, block 15, lands ad
jacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Alia F. Tyler (by attorney) to Helena Morgen
stern.lot on & line of Lincoln avenue, 250.33 X of
Everett street, X 32 by N 193:3, Alameda: $630.
Christian Bremer to Magdaiena Bremer. lot on
N line of Central avenue, 270 X of Prospect s reet i
850 by 148.13, being lots 21 and 22, map of
Shephardson property, Alameda: gift.
Ant'ta and Adelina Malestesta to aria L. Lopez,
Sots 14 and 21, Ghlradeili tract, quitclaim deed,
Brooklyn Township: $1.
Mar L. l.npez (wife of J.) to D. Edwards Col
lins, same; $10.
A. V. and M. A. Tuohy to Kate Ames, lot on S
line of Jonesstreet, 291f W of Telegraph avenue,
W 29 by s 100, being portion of lot 12, corrected
map of Jones Tract., subject to a mortgage for
$2100, Oakland; $10.
Frederick and Austina Delger to J. J. Lamping,
lot on NWline of Telegraph avenue and Elm
or Twenty-fourth street, N 100 by W 99, being a
portion of lots 1 and 2, block O, Kelsey Tract, Oak
land: $10.
William G. ana Hetty T. Henshaw to J. S. John
son, lot. on S line of Tenth street. 40 E of
Kirk-ham, E 25:8 by S 100, being lot 26 and por
tion of lot 27. map of b ocks 549 and 550, prop
erty of Colonel John Scott, Oakland: $10.
Annie Cliear to Christopher A.Mulvey, lot on
W line of Grove street. 7sN of Fourth, N 25 by W
75, being lot 19, block 47. Oakland; $10.
Lizzie S. Wright to W. G. Killips. lot on SE
line of Twenty-first avenue, 65 SW of East
Twenty-fourth street. SW 50 by SB 100, block 75,
Northern Addition to Oakland, East Oakland; $10.
Frank R. Whitcomb (administrator of theestate
of J. B. Wbltcomb) to Milton D. Buch, lot on
KW corner of Bancroft way and Union street, W
45 by N 130, block 3, Villa lots, adjoining the
University site on the south, Berkeley; 10.
Henry Warnholz to Margaretha Warn holz, lota
18 to 27, block 2, Jessen Tract, Berkeley Town
ship; gift.
Joseph A. Leonard Company (a corporation) to
F. ('. Roberts, lot on S line of Eagle avenue, 48 E
of Willow street. E 42 by H 125, block 17, lands
adjacent to Enclnal, Alameda; $10.
Alia F. Tyler to Joseph Knowland, lot on X line
of Lincoln avenue. 282.33 X of Everett street, E
96 by N 193:6, Alameda: $1770.
F. J. and Izabel Do Kozario Thomas to Robert
Gordon, lot on S line of C street, 133 W of Main,
thence SK 110, SW 50, NW 110, NE 60, Hay
wards. Eden Township: $10.
Lloyd Read to Samuel J. Clarke, all interest in
estate of Joseph K. Irving; also all interest in any
and all real property in State of California which
Joseph K. Irvine possessed; also all interest of
said Jos, K. Irving, deceased, in and to the Rancho
San Antonio in Alameda County; also al! interest
of said Joseph K. Irving, deceased, in and
to rial estate situated in city of Oakland:
also all interest of said Joseph K. Irving in the En
cinal Temescal which is a portion of Rancho San
Antonio: also all interest in and to Rancho Son
Antonio and in said Encinal of Temescal: also
all interest in and to all lands in said Rancho of
San Antonio and said Encinal Temescal: also all
interest of the first party of Interest of Milly R.
Coleman and Taylor and Martha Berry in and to
all the lands aforesaid as conveyed by them to me,
quitclaim deed; $5.
Daniel swett to Alia F. Tyler, lot on NE corner
of Everett street and Lincoln avenue. E 410:33
by X 193:3, quitclaim deed, Alameda; $1.
Alia F. Tyler to George T. Watterson, lot on
NE corner of Lincoln avenue and Everett street,
E 250.33 by N 193:8, Alameda: $7195.
James K. Richards and A. L. Todd to Ann M.
Starkweather, lot 16, block X, Thermal Hill Tract,
formerly Howe Tract, Oakland Township; $10.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to John Mo-
Henry, lot on N line of Le Conte avenue, 200 \V
of Le Roy, W 50 by N 125, owing lot 11, block 13,
Daley's scenic Park, Berkeley; $10.
Alia F. Tyler to Elmer E. Johnson, lot on N line
Lincoln avenue, 378.33 E of Everett street, £ 32
by N 193:3, Alameda; $680.
Helen C. Dlxon to Esther K. Chlchester (wife of
C. A.), lot on 8 line of Butler avenue, 100 W of
Herzog street, W 60 by S 150, being lot 13, block
6, Amended Map of Butter Tract, Oakland Town
■hip; $10. c
— «. — •
Every civilized nation of the world, even
China and Japan, now has a weather
bureau. ____________
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Fraaclsco Cai.t~
JlO Market street, open until 12 o'clock ererj
aignt In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery street
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and lliaaion street*, opei
ontil 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
• NOTICE OF MEETINGS.-
GOLDEN GATE LODGE NO. 30, " _
&5C' f. and A. M.— Called meeting THIS _JV
(TUESDAY) EVENING. June 9, at 7:30 "jZJt
o'clock. Degree 3. r^yy
GEORGE J. KOBE, Secretary.
n^-j= ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144, ¥. _
SE35' and A. M.— Third decree THIS _#__
{TUESDAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. "Jtjf
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /V>
MEETING NOTlCES— Continued. •
__— CALIFORNIA CHAPTER NO. 6, ~mT~
B&5&' R. A. M.. will meet THIS^B_^
(TUESDAY) EVENING. June 9, at 7:30^2f
o'clock. R. A. degree. By order of the H. f^y »
p. FRANKLIN H. DAY*, Secretary.
■fcr-c* PACIFIC LODGE NO. 136, F. AND* __
wZ& A. M.. 121 Eddy st.-Meets THIS _JV_
EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. 3D. KJf
GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary. f^F^
r>-" ELEVENTH ANNUAL PIC- rjt^
eVJ*' me and family reunion of the <&££» •
Servian Montenegrin L. and B. Society, MM .
SUNDAY, June 14. 1896, at California FH?iC»_|
Schuetzen Park, San Rafael. Boats BMStSPs
leave Tiburon ferry, foot of Market st.,EJCS3r3
at 9:30 and 11 a. m. and 1:30 and3:3UjnDU
p. m. Special train will leave park at vtCfllr
6:30 p.m. Adult's ticket, round trip, in- T «fileW r
eluding admission to the park, 50c; children's
ticket 25c. Grand tombola: first prize $30 cash,
and 130 other valuable prizes. COMMITTEE.
SPECIAL/NOTICES.
HOai^^OR^AGED^DIS^
&<& abled, 507 Lombard st— The undersigned,
on behalf of the board of directors of this chariiy,
in this manner conveys its most sincere thanks to
each and every lady, gentleman and youngster
who, by personal attendance in booths, donations
and in any manner otherwise, assisted to make
the late fair given in its behalf a successful one.
SAMUEL POLACK, President.
H_sg=» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
I**-*' collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co., 415 Montgy st. room 6. Tel. 5580.
B_ss= NOTICE— ABANDONED CHILDREN"
wf-S' in the Roman Catholic Orphan Asylum
since January, 1896— Martha Frost, age 7 years;
Anna Deeney, age 10 years; Rose Deeney, age 6
years; Margaret McCarthy, age 8 years; Mary Hig-
gins, age 10 years. Respectfully,
SISTERS OF CHARITY.
■"-""g 3 COFFJSY'S COLLECTION CO.. 235
l»^^ Kearny St., ejects bad tenants for $10; all
costs paid. Telephone Red 364.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEMALE.
COMPETENT GERMAN WOMAN, WITH A
V-> child 5 years old, desires situation: best refer-
city or country. MISS ■CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
SUPERIOR SWEDISH COOK DESIRES >IT-
O vation: understands all branches of cooking:
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 323 gutter st.
I?OR BEST SERVANTS AND RELIABLE
help, leave your order with J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 312 butter st. _ 1
NEAT YOUNG GIRL: CHAMBER WORK OK
Xi waiting; well recommended. J. P. JOHN-
STON <fe CO., 872 Broadway, Oakland. . ,
DELI ABLE. ELDERLY, PROTESTANT WO-
XV man, first-class seamstress and good invalid's
nurse, wants a situation. Address P. J., box ISO
Call Office.
T\RESSMAKER; FIRST-CLA~SS CUTTER AND
XJ fitter: is good designer; wishes engagements
at $1 50 a day: can make a dress in 2 days. Call
at 163 Octavia st.
"PLDERLY WOMAN WANTS A SITUATION
X\i to assist in small private family: home more
an object than wages. Call or address 226 Filbert.
QITUATION WANTED By COMPETENT
O woman, for general housework; good cook.
628 Haight st.
YOUNG MARRIED SWEDISH WOMAN
X wants work by the day, week or month. Ad-
dress MRS. ERLANDSON, 1029 De Haro St.
LADY DESIRES SEWING AND MENDING
by the day, or will do any kind of work. Room
8, 472 Stevenson st . .
SITUATION BY A FIRST-CLASS GERMAN
cook; best of references; wages $25. Inquire
15 Rondel Place, off Sixteenth, bet. Valencia and
Mission.
PESPECTABLE AMERICAN WOMAN WITH
XV one child wants a situation to do general house-
work in a small family; country preferred. Call
for 3 days at 530 Sixth st
ONEST, RELIABLE YOUNG GIKL WANTS
housework ; wages S2O. Call 064 Broderick st.
PESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES SITUA-
XV tion to do washing and Ironing; best of city
reference. Inquire in teastore, 203 Fourth st.
\\J OMAN WANTS PLAIN SEWING OR
*» mending by the day. Call 124 Wildey ava.,
off Bush st. , bet. Steiner and Flllmore.
T7»XPEHIKNCED DRESSMAKER WISHES A
-Hi few more engagements by the day; terms,
$1 50. Address E. A., box 82, Call Office.
DESPECI ABLE GIRL WISHES SITUATION
XV to do general housework: no postals answered.
1605 Pacific st, near Polk. Reference given.
pELIABLE AMERICAN GIRL DESIRES
XV situation for general housework. 133 Dolores
st, nr. fifteenth.
DELIABLE GIRL DESIRES "SITUATION TO
XV do general housework; is a good plain cook:
neat, willing and obliging; references. Call for 2
days 24lo Geary st.
L>IRST-CLASS CHAMBERMAID WANTS A
" situation to do general housework. Call or ad-
dress 737 Howard st., bet. Third and Fourth.
pERMAN SECOND GIRL WANTS SITU-
VJ ation. Inquire Prescott House, 933 Kearny. ;
WEDISH GIRL WISHES SITUATION IN
small American family: city reference. Please
call 126 Fourth St., room 1.
\\T AITRESS AND PARLOR MAID DESIRES
'» situation: city reference. Address American,
box 137, Call Office.
PESPECTABLE WOMAN WANTS ANY
XV kind of housework by the day or week. Call
908 Powell st.
ESPECTABLE YOUNG GERMAN GIRL
XV would like a position for light housework and
plain cooking. Call 623 Powell st., upstairs.
/COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work and cooking. Please call at 1312 Brod-
erick st., near Geary.
\VEDI>H GIRL WISHES WORK BY THE
day; washing, ire&ing or housecleaning. 112
Erie st.
PESPECTABLE, MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN
XV wishes situation for housework and cooking;
also a girl for housework: call for two days.
1100% Stevenson St., off Market
\I RELIABLE HOUSEKEEPER
lX wishes a situation in city or country. 225
Powell st.
p IRL WANTS POSITION GENERAL HOUSE
vJT work, private family. Cali 448 Seventeenth
st, cor. Guerrero. '
YOUNG LADY WISHES ENGAGEMENT AS
X saleslady. Address S. L., box 132, Call.
PESPECTABLE WOMAN WISHES A SITUA-
XV tion to do general housework: plain cook and
laundress ; city or country; many years' references.
Apply 364 Jessie. ■
'OUNG LADY WANTS A POSITION AS
X housekeeper in lodging-house or hotel. 203
Powell st., room 5. *'
DESPECTABLE GERMAN WOMAN WITH A
XV child 6 years of age wishes a . place as cook or
to do general housework.. Call at 149 Perry St.,
bet. Third and Fourth.
ITUATION WANTED BY A SWEDISH GIRL
O to do general housework. Address care C. A.
ANDERSON, pastor of the Swedish M. E. Church,
29 Lafayette st, bet. Howard and Mission.
'OUNG WOMAN, WITH CHILD OF 10
X years, wishes situation as cook in the country.
Call or address 1559% Market st.
ANTED— SITUATION BY YOUNG GIRL
to assist In light housework and take care of
child. Call or address 120 Valley st.
OUNG GIRL WISHES SITUATION TO DO
X light housework. 31 Board man place, in rear.
RESBMAKErt; PERFECT FIT; LATEST
1J style. 127 Turk st.
IRBT-CLABS FRENCH CHILDREN'S
X* dressmaker wants few more engagements by
the day, wees or month; terms moderate: satis-
faction guaranteed. . Address H. H., box 122, Call.
YOUNG WOMAN DESIRES A POSITION AS
X cook or housekeeper. Please call at 118 Eddy
st, room 5. No triflers need apply.
T\RESSMAKER WISHES WORK BY THE
U day in families; terms $1 per day. Address
917 Pacific st, ;
\ir ANTED— POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER
' > or as nurse or companion to a lady ; salary sec-
ondary consideration. Address E. li., Call Branch,
713 Larkin. -
WEDISH GIRL WISHES TO DO GENERAL
to housework; wages $20 to $25. Apply 1135
Florida st.
YOUNG WIDOW FROM NEW ORLEANS
X with a child wishes a housekeeper's position or
some light work to do. Please call 917 Market st.,
room 18. *
W INCHES! ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST., NR.
VV Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ana baggage to and from the ferry.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALE.
OTElTc^ol^'wTrT^RlC^oi^RS^AND
men for all work can be secured at J.F. CROS-
ETT & CO.'S, 628 Sacramento st.
UNTUR <fc CO., CHINESE AND JAPANESE
employment office, 17 Webb st, below Kear-
ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE EMPLOYMENT
\J office; best help. 414% O'Farrell: tel. E. 426.
pHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
help; tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY&CO.. 640 Clay.
\J C. «.>. COOK'S sue. SUPPLIES COOKS; ALL
X .branches: short notice. 14 Geary. tel.Grant4B. .
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE, 413
tl Stevenson st, bet. Fifth and Sixth. .
JW. JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY.
. ment office. 637 Commercial: tel. black 1261.
JAPANESE AND CHINESE" EMPLOYMENT
O office; best help. 31411 Sutter: tel, Grant 30. !
YOUNG MAN WANTS A SITUATION IN A
X private family to take care of horses and gar-
den and make himself generally useful. Call or
address E. MILLER, Frank Ho. el, Alameda.
POSITION WANTED BY A GOOD. SOBER
X man as assistant gardener or man about bouse;
can drive or do any kind of work. Address P.,
box 151, Call Office. .
VERY GOOD FKENCH WINE-CELLAR
V man for all kinds of work wants situation;
best reference given. Address W. C, box 104,
Call Office. ,
WANTED— BY COMPETENT HORSEMAN
»» and driver to care for horses. . H. M. LANE,
323 Grant aye., Ahlborn House.
OODWORKER— JOB WANTED: GOOD ME-
chanic. Address M. GLENN, Morgan Hill, Cal.
PAINTER AND PAPER-HaNGER WITH
X tools wants piecework; paper hung 9c per roll,
620 Larkic sU
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
ARBER— SITUATION WANTED BY A
good young barber, to work steady. Address
E. E., box 134, Call Oflice.
AN AND WIFE; EASTERN PEOPLE:
man understands general work on private
place, horses, cattle, poultry; wife competent
cook, housekeeper or second work: references.
Address T. 8., box 63, Call Oflice.
"VTOTJNU GERMAN WISHES A SITUATION
X as coachman, milker or gardener: good reJer-
ences. Address G. W., box 63. this office.
YOUNG MAN EXPERIENCED IN BOOK-
X keeping, shorthand and typewriting and good
penman desires position. Address B. X., box 94,
Call Oflice.
AN AND WIFE (SWEDISH) WOULD LIKE
to take care of gentleman's place during the
summer: city or country; can give the best of
I city references; no family. Address C. HALLE'S,
i 317 Fremont st.
YOUNG BOY, LIVING WITH MOTHER,
would like to get a place on milk ranch or
fruit farm: a«ood home aud kind treatment more
I au object than wages. Call or address CHARLES
D., 8 Essex st.
SOBER AND RELIABLE YOUNG MAN
desires position in office or store: thorough
knowledge of bookkeeping; speaks German
and English; first-class reference. Address G.
BO.SSERO, 34 Hill sU
OBER AND WILLING YOUNG MAN
(Danish) aesires a steady jobo" any kind; will
j drive wagon. Address J., box 140, Uis Qflßce.
ROFESSIONAL ACCOUNTANT OFFERS
his services in the expertins of books, opening
j and closing of partnership accounts, writing up
I books and general expert work. Address P. C,
box 137, Call Oflice.
I WILL PAY $20 TO $50 TO ANY' ONE SE-
curing me steady employment. Address S. E.,
box 137, Call Office.
TAPANESE WISHES WORK IN PRIVATE
O famfly: housework, waiter or plain cook; city
or country; reference. R. J. MATSU, 531 Jessie.
APANE SE WANTS SITUATION AS
schoolboy. Address I. M., 709 Geary st^
I7NGINEER WITH LICENSE AND YEARB
X-A of experience in city and mines, can run
dynamo, wishes a situation; city or country. Ad-
dress S. A., box 88, Call Office.
tjelTable man wants situation as
XV valet or private waiter; has 18 years' refer-
ence. Address H. B. S., box 104, Call Oflice.
YOUNG MAN OF 22 DESIRES A SITUATION
X in business house or store; willing to do any
kind of work; is a good stenographer and type-
writer and is familiar with office work and assist-
ant bookkeeping. Address W. W., box 60, Call.
INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
Market— Electric lights !n every room: 200
rooms; 25c f> $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: free bus and baggage to ami from the ferry.
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44' thIrD, NEAR
»» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 60 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week: tree busanl baggace :o and from the ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, $30: SECOND GIRL, SAME HOUSE,
$26; 15 housework girls, city and country,
$20 and $25: 8 young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter St.
IDDLE-AGED IRISH WOMAN; $12. MIBB
CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
TNVALID'S NURSE; $25. MISS CULLEN, 323
X Sutter st.
\\T OMAN FOR HOUSEWORK, $5 PE R WEEK ;
»" sleep home. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
young gFrl as companion and light
X housework: 2 in family; $12. MISS CUL-
LEN, 323 >utter.
r\OOK FOR MEN ON A RANCH, $25: COOK
\J for few people, $15: nursegirl for family in
hotel. $15: waitress, small boarding-bouse, $25:
girls for housework, city and country, $20 and 815.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 1 10 Geary su
O NEAT YOUNG WAITRESSES; $25. C R.
— HANSEN & CO., liO Geary St.
T ADY SHAMPOOERFORTURKIBH BATHS;
Xj $35. C. R. HANSEN A CO., 110 Geary St.
'\\T ANTED— GIRLS LOOKING FOR SITU-
»» aiions will find it to Their advantage to see
the positions we have to offer, which is too long a
list to advertise; we have situations for (German,
j Scandinavian, French, American and Irish girls at
j $12 to $30 per month. J. F. CROBEIT <fc CO., 312
I Sutter su
11/ ANTED— COMPETENT SECOND GIRL. A
'» short distance, $20: small family; see lady
here at 9 to-day. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 312
Sutter su
OMAN. 30 TO 35 YEARS OF AGE, TO
cook for men, $20, see party here; waitress,
I small restaurant, $15: hotel waitresses, $15 and
i $20; cooks and housework girls. MURRAY <fe
HEADY. 634 Ciay st,
ANTED — FIRST-CLASS PROTESTANT
cook, $30; laundres and chambermaid,
country, $25: nurse and second work, $16; Ger-
man chambermaid. hotel. $20; girl to assist, lodg-
ing-house, $15. LEON ANDRE, 315 Stockton st.
WAITRESSES, 920, ROOM, ETC; 3 WAlT-
ress»s, $16. room, etc.; chambermaid, $20,
room, etc.; cook for a resort; 5 honsecirls, $20; 15
liousegirls. $15; 13young girls, $8, $10 and $12
per month; nice families. MARTIN'S Employ-
ment Agency, 749 Market st.
YOUNG GIRI~TO MIND BABY. CALL
X after 3 P. M., 329 Jersey sU
V* l OMAN TO IKrDOWNSTAIRS WORK FOR
1 »' a small family: must be a good cook, washer
1 and ii oner. 9-"J Eddy St., 9t012a. X.
Ol NG GIRL~TO mFn D "CHILDREN; CAN
sleep home. 1217 Webster st.
YOUNGGIEL, COMPETENT FOR GENERAL
X housework; small family. 219 Broderick st.
OOD TAILORESS WANTED; ALSO AP~-
prentice girl. 219Va Tehama st.
TIT" ANTED— GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUfeE-
»» work. 1445 Ellis St., over fruit store.
VOUXO GIRL FOX HOUSBWORB^ 1808
X Larkin st.
fi IRL TO CARE FOR 2 GROWN CHILDREN;
" I assist housework. 910 Sutter st.
OOD FINISHER AND BUTTON-HOLE
maker on custom coats. L., box 3, Call Office.
ANTED— GIRL TO SET TYPJi. 1935 MlS-
sion st.
QALESLADY IN MUSLIN UNDERWEAR
O department for out of city position; also sev-
eral lady canvassers on salary and commission.
U. 8. Industrial Agency, room 165, Crocker biding.
AIR-DRESSING AND MANICURING LES-
sons given. MISS DOYLE, 119 a Powell st.
and 105 Ninth.
IRL TO DO GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
cook and assistants wanted of all nationalities.
Employment Office, 306 Mason sU
I~jURST-~CLASS FINISHER ON VESTS. 427
Natoma.
TV* ANTED-NEAT GIRL FOR LIGHT HOUSE-
»T work: must understand cooking. 2319 a Pina
YOUNG GIRL TO DO LIGHT HOUSEWORK.
X Call 1636 Post st.
XPERIKNCE S IRONERB AND MANGLER
bands. St. Nicholas Laundry, 17th and Folsom.
JiINISHKRS ON CUSTOM-MADE COATS,
also apprentice. 368 Va Clementina st.
AUI JiS TO LEARN HAIRDRESSING, MANl-
curing, beauty culture. 131 Post su, room 20.
YOUNG WOMAN WITH ABOUT $300 AS
X partner in new coffee-saloon at onoe. Address
W. E., box 9, Call Oflice.
ANTED— GIRL TO WAIT AT 5 TABLE.
Tony Frelta's Overland Restaurant, First and
Broadway, Oakland.
G" IRL WANTED FOR STORE, CALLTUES-
day 9.' a. m., Bombay Tea Co., 241 Sanchez.
ANTED— 2 GOOD WAITRESSES. CALL
MRS. A. BTKEET. 406 Pacific St.
W ANTED— GIRL GENERAL HOUSEWORK;
'» must understand cooking. Apply 1309 a
Hayes st.
ANTS FINISHER; STEADY WORK. 1286
East Fourteenth St., East Oakland. Call
ready to work.
ANTED— PUPILS FOR A MILLINERY-
schooI; class forming for fall season; thorough,
practical: satisfaction guaranteed; reasonable.
410 Leaven worth st.
T EARN THE DKESSMAKING TRADE THOR-
XJ oughly at MRS. R. L. JONES', 506 Fell st.
Ir'REE TREATMENT TO THE ~POOR~(M A G-
-1 netically) Mondays and Fridays, 10 to 12; con-
sultation free. 1026 Market St., room 1.
APPRENTICES — FREE LESSONB EVERY
Jt\. Tues. in dresscutting. 14 McAllister, room 67.
PENSIONS— J. H. BHEPARD <fc CO., OLD RE-
X liable attorneys, 1068 East 16th su, Oakland.
11 AIRDKES.-SING. 25c AND 36c: MORNING
XX and eve classes; 101essons.fi 60. 1248 Mission.
C OAT- FINISH KRS WANTED. 541 MARKET
street.
OST CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
Winchester House, 44 Third st., near Market;
200 rooms; 26c to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to $6
per week; free 'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
KESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
taught; new styles: perfect fitting patterns
25r tin. MCDOWELL Academy. 2l:t Powell sU
MAI.K HELP WANTED.
CANADIANS OR EASTERN~M^nF~FOR
teaming and chopping, $26; men for hay field,
$26; farmhands, s2o; 4 farmhands, sls, and har-
vest wages; teamsters, country, haul wood, $2(1;
sawmill and woods laborers, $20; waiter, hotel,
city, $25. R. T. WARD & CO., 608 and 610 Clay.
FARMER AN D~WIFE, SEE PARTY" HER E^
$40: 3 farmers, same ranch near city, $20 and
found; 2 Swiss milkers, 820, see party here: man
to break work horses, $2U: 6 farmers, different
ranches. $26, $20, $15- milker, see party here this
morning, $16. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 110 Geary.
HEAD COOK, $65, SECOND COOK, $45, FOR
country hotel: 2 neat young waiters for
springs, ?25: waiter, country hotel, $25; bellboy
with references, hotel, $15. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 110 Geary st.
WAsHKR WHO CAN RUN AN ENGINE,
W $36 and found; Ironer, $30 and found, for
country laundry. C. R. HANSEN <fc CO., 110
Geary st.
ASTERN CLUB WAITER; $40. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 110 Geary st.
W ANTED~UPHOLSTF.RER FOR WoRK IN
"" exchange for room. 922 Post st.
IDARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. MEETS
XJ Ist and 3d Tuesday ; Alcazar bldg, 4th floor.
rpo MERCHANT TAILORS— BEST VESTS
X made at reasonable prices. 935 Market, r. 14.
HELP WANTED— Continued. ■
LABORERS FO R A WMILLS AN
O\J woods, $20 and found, half R. R. fare paid:
20 tiema ers, 8c and 10c each. MURRAY <»
ADY, Leading Employment Agents, 634 and
636 Clay st .. ___________-———-—
TjLACKSMiTH^Tf36~AN"D FOUND; FOR
I) camp. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
RAILROAD LABORER , $1 60 DAY; 5
O woodchoppers. MURRAY <fe READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st
on farmers FOR ORCHARDS. VINE-
—v yards, ranches, etc.. at $26 per month; call
early; boy for . ranch. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st_
<-)C\ HAYMAKERS, $1 A DAY AND BOARD.
—v MURRAY «fc READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay St.
X COOKS. $30 TO $66; 3 WAITERS, $25; 2
0 dishwashers, $15; second cook. $5 week: 2
waiter-boys, $15; ironer, Troy machine. MIR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment Agents.
634 ana 636 Clay st. ' -
"I •*. MILKERS FOR DIFFERENT PLACES.
XtJ MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay su -
ANTED-2 MINERS FOR QUICKSILVER
mines, $52 per month; man to run self-binder,
$40 and board, lead team; also man to run self-
binder, $30 per month, second team; woodchop-
per, sonoma County, $1 25 per cord, good layout;
choreman about country hotel, $15; 2 milkers,
$20; farmers, $20 and 525, and others. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St.
"ANTED— NURSE FOR PRIVATE INSANE
" asylum ; $30 and found. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st. —
I C RANCH HANDS, $15, $20 AND $26 PER
XO month; waiter, $30 per month ; pantryman,
$20; baker's helper, $15, room, board, etc; laun-
dryman. steam laundry. MARTIN'S Employ-
ment Agency, 749 Market st. _____
ANTED-HEAD WAITER, COUNTRY RE-
:.»» sort, $40; good cook, country resort, $56;
waiter, $30; 2 boys for private families, $10: dish-
washer, $15; French porter, $15, etc. LEON AN-
DRE, 315 Stockton st '
ANTED— DRILLER, $1 DAY AND BOARD;
farmer and choreman, $25: milker, $20,
$22 50, $25; woodeboppers. lineman, $35; 2 labor-
ers for country, $1 day and board ; farmer and wife,
$25: waiter, country. $25; bread baker. $30;
saloon porter and barkeeper and others. Apply to
J. F. CROSETT «fe CO., 628 Sacramento st.
GORDON PRESS BOYS THAT CAN
make ready. BROWN & BLEY CO., 49 First.
WANTED -FIRST-CLASS BARBKRS;
steady work: 60 cents on dollar. 207 Fourth.
TJARBER WANTED. 626 FOURTH ST.
YOUNG MAN OR BOY TO LEARN BARBER
X trade. Inquire 107% Fifth st '. .
OOTBLACK WANTED; MUST BE GOOD
X> shiner. 34 Fourth st.
TJOOTB LACK WANTED. 911% LARKIN ST.
OY TO LEARN THE TAILORING TRADE.
i > 6 Eddy St.. room 118.
QHOEMaKER WANTED— GOOD MAN ON
0 repairing. Apply Fulton st., nr. Baker, at once.
OY OR MAN AS WASHER. 3279
'J Mission st - 'u'-- ' : --
ANTED— DISHWASHER; $10 A MONTH;
old man preferred. 146 Tenth st. '
T WO M.EN TO SOLICIT AND COLLECT FOR
X reliable company; gcod opening for an ener-
getic man. Room 10, Macdonough bldg, Oakland.
T>OY WANTED. 814 CLEMENTINA ST.
HOEMAKER ON REPAIRING. 1060 HOW-
O ard st.
"EXPERIENCED CLOTH CHOPPER; ONE
XLi who understands applying proof measures; not
necessary to understand measuring. 641 Market
r ANTED-LADY AND GENTLEMAN TO
" solicit for family trade: good positions for
right parties. Bombay Tea Co., 241 Sanchez st.
ARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
XJ ment secretary, CONRAD TROELL, 657 Clay.
L) ARBERS' ASSOCIATION Oi' CAL. KMPLOY-
X> menu ■ Secy, P. C. Ham ami, l / 2 O'Farrell.
DARBERS- FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL SEC-
X> retarv Barbers' Asso., 325 Grant aye. S. FUCHS.
"DARBER'S 3-TUB BATH OUTFIT COM.
X> plete, at sacrifice; ncake offer. 725% Fifth ay.
ARBER-SHOP FOR CHEAP. APPLY
XJ at 1144 Folsom st.
ARBER-SHOP FOR SALE; WHOLE OR
X) part; long lease. 131 O'Farrell st.
AP.REH-SHOP, NO RENT. 16c. PAYING
well, for $160. STOLTZ, 630 Market at
ANTED— STEADY MAN TO ASSIST IN
store and make himself useful in cash busi-
ness; must have $150 cash. See GUS STRAND,
917 Market st., room 2.
I PARTNER WANTED— OF GOOD ADDRESS,
j X with small capital: in nice business. Address
E. C, box 89, this office.
ANTED— PARTNER IN WELL-PAYING
barber-shop, Oakland. 405 Fourteenth st.
WO MEN, GOOD TALKERS (INSURANCE
X proposition). Call forenoon 6th floor, room 6,
Mills building. •
VI,- ANTED — A GOOD BUTCHER. 31 VA-
»» lencia St., corner of Herman.
ANTED-BARBER TO BUY A 4-CHaIR
shop with lease; best location on Market st.;
price $250. B-, box 134, Call Office.
TEADY MAN WITH $300: SALARY $80;
mechanic preferred. Address M., box 101,
Call Office.
WANTED— BARBER TO BUY A GOOD 15-
-*» cent shop on Sixth St., near Market; will be
sold to highest bidder; very cheap rent. Make
offer at 164 -Second St., cigar-store.
<B» 1 F.A FINE BUSINESS FOR SALE:
tJpXOU. trade; security; cheap. Columbia, 128
Fourth st.
TV* ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
'» some simple thing to patent? Protect your
Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN
WEDDERBURN & f"O., Dept. L, Patent Attor-
j neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
I and list of 200 inventions wanted. '
j WALDO HOUSE, 765 MISSION, BET.
! .IN 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c to
I 60u;week $1 to $2 50; reading-room ; strictest atten-
tion to morning calls; clean; quiet; open all night
B~~ESI PLACE IN THE CITY FOR SECOND-
band shoes, 749 Mission st, opp. Grand Opera-
house; new calf shoes, pointed toe, our make, $2 50
and $3: ladles', gents' and children's misfit and
cast-off shoes bought or exchanged.
LCHO HOUSE, 863% MARKET ST.—
Rooms 20c, 25c. to 50c. night; $1 to $3 week.
JUST OPENED: CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 621
') Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 15c per night; clean beds, sunny rooms. ■
ANTED— _ABORERS AND MECHANICS
to know that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprie-
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 160
large rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
\\T INCHESTER HOUSE. 44THIRD8T..NEAR
' » Market; 200 rooms. 25 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— MEN TO LKARN BARBER
• > trade; only 8 weeks required; tools given and
catalogue sent 8. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard.
(KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT;
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 612 My, teL m. 363.
BEST IN CITY— SING' E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
26 cents per night. $1. $1 26. $1 60 per week.
Pacific House, Commercial and Leldesdorff sts.
pALF SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
j \J half-solelng 26c up. 969 Howard St., nr. Sixth.
4 BTHMA CURE GUARANTEED; DR. GOR-
/A- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. Clay.
S. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; .BOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 6 cents.
poOMS 15c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 600 TO $1 50
XV per week. Oriental, 225 Drumm . . ■ ■
ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutter
HAT CHEER HOUSE, 529 SACRAMENTO
st; 200 rooms: best In the city, si ngie rooms
80 and 25c a night, 9 1 a week: meals 10c.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
1 ' st 3 .; single furnished rms 76c week, 16c night
111/ 1 MEJN TO TAKE LODGING AT lOC, 15c
X\t\J and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
e24 Washington st, near Kearny.
ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 160 A DAY: $1
v»ek; rooms for two, 26c a day, $1 60 » week;
reading-room: daily papers. 36 Clay st
ANTED— FOR THE UNITED STATES
Marine Corps, U. S. navy, able-bodied, un-
married men between the ages of 21 and 30 years:
not less than 6 feet 6 inches in height; of good
character and temperate - habits; able to read,
write and speak English properly; only citizens of
the United States or persons who have legally de-
clared their Intentions to become citizens will be
accepted ; this Important branch of the naval
service offers special inducements: giving op-
portunities to visit all parts of the world on board
our new cruisers. For further information apply at
the Recruiting Office, 20 Ellis St., San Francisco,
Cal. . , ■
WE ARE SHOE DOCTORS; WE REPAIR
" your old shoes and make them as good as Dew,
and with our new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
\,l EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
i'l all grocers keep it ■' -
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES, SOME
nearly new, 25c 10 $1 25. 662 Mission. i :
REE BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 60;
also a bottl eof lager. 6c, at 687 Clay st '
rpRY ACME HOUSK. SO7 MARKET ST.. BE-
J low h'T-h. for » room: '■'"•- " nwh' ■ SI ■•« wpek.
PARTNERS WANTED.
: DAllTirEltr > HirrEir^U&lNi£s^r % $^oW^R^
X quired. OWNER. 1178 East Fourteenth St.,
Oakland. '
WANTED-MISCELLANEOUS.
A^T^l7^T^"R^N^ ;^r^ALL^irrT[ ; EN ; r;
if suited will buy. Address W. B. L., box
329, Call Branch Office. * .
T7URST-OLASS DENTIST WILL EXCHANGE
JO dentistry for carpets. Address Dentist, box 50.
Call Office. ■.-■_. . •-•..- '' ' ' - '' ■
V\T ANTED— ASSAY ER'S SCALE OR COM-
• V plete assaying outfit; must be first-class. Ad-
dress P. O. box 2046. '
IGHEST PRICES PAID LADIES', GENTS',
children's clothing; postals. Mrs. Hahn, 316 3d.
KLL YOUR BOOKS, CLOTHING AND JEW
O eiry to A. KLEIN, 109 Sixth St.; send postal.
AGENTS WANTED.
/CANVASSERS. LADIES AND GENTLEMEN;
\J big commission; $5 per day easy; no samples;
work near home: It will interest every one. ■ Call
10 to 12 at room 30, Flood building. ■
* GENTS WANTED IN HAYWARDS, SAN
xV Leandro and Alameda; an energetic woman
of good address for lucrative employment Ad-
dress G., Alameda. . - .. : -. ....
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED — UNFURNISHED" HOUSE^ IN
Western Addition, containing about 12 to 14
rooms; house with sable preferred. Address
stating rent, etc, J. L., box 131, Call Office.
\\ r ANTED— COTTAGE OR SMALL HOUSE.
» » furnished or unfurnished, In the "warm belt"
of the Mission ; must have grounds or garden ; best
of references given. Address G. G.. box 137, Call
ROOMS WANTED.
WANTED— NICE PARLOR FLOOR OF 4 OR 5
" rooms: partly furnished; light housekeeping,
or small house; suitable for teacher: central and
reasonable. T. i).. box 164. Call Qllice.
educational.
ANJC> ANI) PIANO instructions;
prices reasonable; pupil of George Dobson,
New York; home 2 to 8 p. m. H. L. MILLER,
907 Howard st.
XPEItIENCED TEACHER WISHES FEW
XJ more aault pupils of neglected education: pu-
pils coached; strictly private. Call or address F.
G., 619 Geary St. ._
MRS. MELVILLE - SNYDER, STUDIO 614
Sutter st; vocal music, piano, elocution; dra-
matic elocution; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte,
etc Vocal classes Monday, 8 p. m. ; $1 per month.
"DOOKKEEPING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
Xj ant teaching; 1/3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 669 Market.
A TTEND STIEHI/S COLLEGE, 723 MARKET
.ti. st The very best Individual Instruction;
20 trial lessons in shorthand. Bookkeeping, Pen-
manshlp, Typewriting, etc., $1; books free.
HECHT'S 10-LETTER SHORTHAND IS THE
latest and best; 100 words per minute guar-
ant'd; 2 mo. (incld. typewriting), $25. 927 Market.
GUITAR MANDOLIN. PIANO AND VOCAL
VT lessons; $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS, 39 Fifth.
RIVATE ACADEMY* OF DANCING; CLASS-
es Tues. and Frl. Misses HCDDY, 6a Hyde st.
PROFESSOR G. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
X violin, guitar, mandolin, banjo. 1707 Market
JOSEPH GREVEN, VOICE-IMPROVER. 82
O Ninth st _-
BOOKKPNG, WRITNG, ARITHMTC, GRAM R
XJ day & night ; noclasses ; $5 month. 845 Mis ion
SPANISH, FRENCH ACADEMY. CASTILI AN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Maze b1d.,r.37.
OPaNISH, FRENCH, HERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 122 O'Farrell s:-
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL- ,
lege, 325 Montgomery st. ; individual instruc- '
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, etc.; life
scholarship $50; low rates per week and month.
ELASCCS LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING— !
XJ Private theatricals arranged; pupils rehearsed .
on stage. R. 6 and 12, 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mkt
OCUOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING, MX-
O chanical engineering, surveying, architecture,
assay; estab. '64. VAN DER NAILLEN, 723 Mkt. :
EALD'S BUSINESS COLLEGE, 24 POST ST.
Bookkeeping, business practice, shorthand,
typing, electrical engineering, telegraphy, moden
languages rapidly taught. rite for catalogue.
IV IUHTbCiiOOL-.UEALD'S BUS. COLL*.UE;34
Xi Post: commercial, shorthand, English: lowr»'»»
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 6 CENTS — TEQS
WEEKLY CALL. In wraooer. for mailing.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
~— "'"'" ' A , -' "I^_l*^
50 cts and $I—so cts and $I—so cts and $1.
"KNOWLEDGE IS POWKR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE AND VAN DE VERB, ,
1728 MARKET ST.
Their readings astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of interest to humanity. Busi-
ness, speculation, investments, insurance, love,
courtship, marriage and divorce; settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, interpret dreams, cure bad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the '
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonders, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. m. Sundays 2 to 6P. M.
Letters containing stamps tins were 1.
PROFS. EUGENE <& VAN DE VERB,
1728 Market, st.
A BSISTANCE AND ADVICE
A that makes the unhappy, broken-hearted and
unfortunate happy and successful.
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNELLE,
The world-renowned clairvoyant and business me-
dium, may be consulted In love, marriage, court-
ship, divorce, business, lawsuits and mining spec-
ulations; restores lost affections, removes evil in-
fluences, bad habits, etc.; the future plainly re-
vealed, lovers united, troubles healed, brings the
separated together, causes a speedy and happy
marriage with the one of your choice; reveals
everything you wish to know concerning the fu-
ture. Those wishing to consult a genuine medium
call on PROF. Mi L. CARNELLE, 220 Eddy st.
Letters with stamp answered. Hours— 9 to 9
daily and Sundays.
A,l ME. MOREAU, BEST MEDIUM; REVEALS
ItX past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st
ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
ant, card-reader, born with a dou Die veil and
second sight; ladles 50c, gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 Turk St., nr. Jones.
PROF. C. LEON, 1007 MARK NR. SIXTH;
X wonderful power; advice on all affairs: busi-
ness confidential; letters $2: 9to 8; also Sunday.
VI RS. WILSON— PAST, PRES~ENr, FUTURE;
I'J ladies 50c, gents $1 : no sign. 1722 Market st.
pLAIRVOYANT— LADIES ONLY; FEE 25c.
V' 41 Minna St.. basement.
p YPSY LIFE-READER; LADIES 25c;
VX gents 50c; all questions answered. 5 Seventh.
ME. LEGEITE; PRESENT. PAST AND
future: 25c. 811 Tehama, upstair.*, nr. Fourth.
!\f ME. STEWART, THE SEVENTH DAUGH-
i'I ter, is a born medium: guarantees you a true
likeness of future husband or wife: materializes
before your own eyes, so no fraud is practiced upon
the public, for 50c and $1; call and be convinced of
her wonderful gift. Rooms 3 and 4, 917 Market st.
ME. TRUE, celebrated gypsy, gives
infallible love charms to all; unprecedented
success in New York City; greatest card reader on
the coast. Rooms 44-45, 306 Stockton st Hours
9 to 8; elevator. ■
ME. RAVENA READS LIFE FLUENTLY:
tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth. ;
THEL GRAY, CLAIRVOYANT AND PALM-
Ist; mental magnetic healing. 1362 a Market st.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLS FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee 25 cents. 914 O'Farrell st. ■
MX ARNDT, BEST FORTUNE TELLER IN
the world: 60c and $1, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
PETURNED, WORLD-RENOWNED MME. .
XV SCHMIDT, from the principal cities: tells past,
present and future: prices moderate. 856 Mission.
SPIRITUALISM.
T3EMOVAL— ADDIE SWAIN, ASTRAL SEER
XV and psychic physician, 14 McAllister, near
Jones, r. 18 and 20: no fee except as a gift ' ,
m EST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT, 10c: MME. YOUNG.
X 605 McAllister st. ; skeptics invited.
RS. KATE HOSKINS' TiiST CIRCLE TO- ;
night. 136 Oak st, 26c ■
\i RS. SHRINER: TEST CIRCLE TO-NIGHT;
I>X tests to all, 25c; sittings dally. ."11 Van Ness.
Vj RS. KATE HOSKINS, TRANCE AND BtJSI-
iVI ness.medium; sittings dally; $1. 136Oakst.
RS. DR. B. REYNOLDS, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium; life readings with full diag-
nosis of mental and physical difficulties given ■
without asking questions. . 8 Mason st., cor. Mar-
ket, room 8. ...■.-
VfME. DR. THOMAS, CLAIRVOYANT 25
lX yrs. Kearny, now 929 Post; fee $1; letter $2.
RS. J. J. WHITNEY, CLAIRVOYANT
trance medium: sittings $1. 218 Stockton st
ASTROLOGY. '
planets: daily or by mail, $J. 361.3 Geary st.
planets; daily or by mail, $2. 36% Geary st
ATTORN ETS-AT-LAW. •
'^^vTci^R^E^rjfv^RTlE^A^S^A^S^E^l^
A ally; private; do charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. O. W. HOWE, att'y-at-law, 850 Market
LE. PHILLIPS— U. S. AND STATE COURTS;
XJ. R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on es-
tates; charges moderate. Offices 608 California st
J. NOLEN, ATTORNEY-AT-LaW. 719
. Market st : advice free. . . ■
fTI J. MURRAY, ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
X . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st. rooms 14, 15.
WW. DAVIDSON, ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 420
. California st. rooms 14 and 15: advice free.
.- ■ '" . ■ ~~ STORAGE. — —
TH. ROONEY'. 722 MISSION— STORAGE AT
• reduced rates: basement storage, Bl 60 per load
STORAGE— CHE IN THE CITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkln.
I FURNITURE. - PIANOS, TRUNKS: AD- '•
X I vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TAYLOR,2O4Post
LOWEST RATES— FURNITURE, PIANOS.
XJ household goods, etc J. M. :»'erce, 735 Market
AB. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ENLIST
.low rates: li'-e-nronf building: Kastern plan.
■■■■.■ ■ ; PHYSICIANS. — ~
pEMOVED— DR , C. U O'DONNELL TO 1206
XV Market st ; diseases of woman a specialty. .
■TVON'T FAIL TO CONSULT DR. "JORDAN AT
XJ his museum, 1051 Market st. ; his 30 years'
successful practice Is a guarantee of fair treatment:
the worst cases treated satisfactorily by mail. .
BICYCLES.; ■".'.
ARK CYCLER NE\V~*WHEELS TO _GT;
best accommodations. Terminus Geary. _lo-
AU later and Powell at car lines.
typewriters!
ost, $30; caligraph, $25; send for
JL sample work. SCOTT & Ban NAN, 333 Monty
BUSINESS CHANCES.
ffl>99X BESTUARANT AND COFFEE sa-
«lP__ O. loon near City Hall: neat attractive
place doing A 1 business: large number regular
boarders; bargain. STENBERG COMPANY,
632 Market st.
ffit/tnO RESTAURANT, NEWLY FITTED, i
Vj)^.O\J. near the Mint, big steady trade; excel- !
lent chance for 2 ladies or gentleman of energy, i
STEINBERG CO., 632 Market st
©£•"-. A CORNER GROCERY. BAR: WEST- :
tJpUUVf. em Addition; well established; rent for i
building only $35; 4 sunny rooms: good place for i
man and wife. STE N BERG CO., 632 Market st. {
POT CASH PAID FOR STOCKS OF UK- i
chandise. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
So?! FIXTURES OF li A KERY AND DELI-
tITOv/. cucy store: locality good and rent cheap.
T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<njQAA RESTAURANT AND OYSTER PAR-
«IDi/vU. lor taking in $35 a day; fine locality:
cheap rent; furnished well and a rare bargain; see
this at once; object for selling going to Europe. T.
LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
<H» 1 thrift "BEER bottling works: 3
(JpIUUV/. teams; fine route; business actually
paying above expenses. $160 month; investigate
this rare chance: the place will stand the fullest
investigation. T. LUBBLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©On A A PARTNER: ONE OF THE BEST
fjP^LdXjyjyJ, paying newspapers in lively northern
town ; presses and type all of the latest; all county
printing: object for sellin- need the services of en-
ergetic man. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TTAVE PURCHASERS FOR COUNTRY BUST
XX ness places. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
© 1 AAA PARTNER IN FINE BUSINESS; j
«3>JLvUU. no Sunday or evening work: the :
place is already established and doing well: will
stand the fullest investigation, with the finest ref-
erence; experience not required. T. LUBELSKI,
7 City Hall aye. ;
fflj_ AAA CORNER SAMPLE- ROOM IN
iK)rr\J\J\J . choicest location: low rent: large
patronage; average daily sales $50: no triflers
need apply. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
<n*Qf-.A SAMPLE ROOM, ESTABLISHED
i&ijOxJ. years, with first-class patronage; choic-
est location: owner keeping two places; make an
offer. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California st.
ffljl C±C\{\ CORNER SALOON IN VERY
iPIUW, best location, with large patronage;
must be sacrificed, as owner bought hotel.
WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
©QfiA RESTAURANT, DOING LARGE
<"POv/v. bus'ness, good prices; % interest or
whole. WILKE <fe WOLF, 531 California St.
<C<-tnn CORNER GROCERY AND BAR, 1
tJpUUU. block from Market st., near Wells-Fargo
office, doing, large trade; death calls owner East;
rare chance. WILKE & WOLF, 531 California.
QJJOCA CIGAR STORE ON SUTTER ST.;
«]P— OVJ. daily sales $10: owner sick with rheu- •
matism. WILKE & WOLF, 631 California st.
■VTOTICE— HAVING BUYERS WILLING TO
-lv invest in some legitimate business parties de- I
siring to sell apply to HEALY <fc CO., 23 Kearny. j
©OAA PARTNER IN MANUFACTURING I
([JpZiUU. and new and second-hand furniture-
store; fine chance for steady man to be connected
with first-class man. HEALY, 23 Kearny st.
ffljOAA RESTAURANT AND COFFEE-
i\pJm\J\J. house; clearing $75 per month; trial
given: sickness cause of selling. HEALY, 23
Kearny st.
CM A A ROAD HOUSE NEAR CITY; 14
ypTiUv/. rooms: dining-room; fine bar; using 8
barrels beer weekly; plenty of ground: pigs; ducks;
chickens; etc. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
ffljOAA BAKERY, OLD - ESTABLISHED,
<IP*J\J\J. with large route; baking 2 barrels daily.
JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st.
pIGAR-STORE; ON PRINCIPAL STREET;
\J one of ihe best in this city: cheap; rent mod-.
crate. JOHNSTON, 26% Kearny st
ffijftn NICE LUNCHROOMS AND DELI-
<IpUU. cacy business. HICKOK & CO., 873% I
Market st. ■ ' •-.
•ft/Kin BRANCH BAKERY AND NOTION I
(tjpri\jyj. store; 3 livingr-ooms: good stock; i
cheap rent :bargain. HICKOK & C 0.,873% Market i
ffIjQAA BAKi.RY AND CONFECTIONERY !
tg)O\J\J. store :;largeBtock; doing good cash busi- i
ness; ■ Investigate this. HICKOK & CO, 873%
Market st. . :
¥qnf) RESTAURANT: WELL LOCATED: J
«J)t)VU. doing good business; seating capacity,
52: owner leaving the city; this will bear investi-
gation. HICKOK <& CO., 873% Market St.
(Uj/f CA SACRIFICE: COFFEE AND CHOP
dp^O\J. house; clearing $100 a month: present
owner, 4 years, has other business. HICKOK <&
CO., 873% Market st.
(aWCAA CASH GROCERY IBUSINESS:
nP— U\J\J. horse and wagon: flirst-class busi-
ness: good outside trade. HICKOK & CO., 873%
Market. j
OjQAA STORE, CARRYING KITCHEN j
f^lOyjyj. furnishings, agateware, etc. also no-
tions, stationery and confectionery; full value in
stock; location and trade good. KENNY & CO.,
765 Market st.
OJO^A RESTAURANT; EXCELLENT LO-
«JpOUV/. cation; part cash, balance monthly
payments; trial given; aood ci ance for man and
wife. KENNY <fc CO., 765 Market st.
qr» I rrr f\ FINE SALOON: ELEGANTLY
«4P X I O\J. fitted up; location unsurpassed; pat-
ronage the best: one chance in a thousand: please
investigate. KJKNNT & CO., 765 Market st.
<J£zl^A SALOON: 9 FURNISHED ROOMS;
<g)-±OU. worth $1200. DECKER, 1020 Market
UJJ7-CA WILL BUY CIGAR, STATION KRY
«JP I O\J and notion business; clearing over $100
month; building included: ground rent small;
great bargain. BARRETT & SKIFF, 921 Market.
17^ PARTNER WANTED IN SALOON
«IrK I O. north of Market, near Kearny; owner
there 6 years. M. LESS <fc CO., 783% Market st. j
ffIjQKA FANCY-GOODS STOKE AND GOOD
<JpOe>U. laundry office. HEGaRTY, 1004 Mkt.
fijJQAA SALOON AND REST KANT
<SDO\J\J, downtown; receipts $40 to $60 dally.
HEGARTY, 1004 Market st. j
ij-OR SALE— WHOLESALE AND RETAIL |
commission business, clearing from JMSO to
$200 per month; will bear Investigation. Apply
STANLEY, 21% Third St. -
Tho SELL A BU.-INESH OF ANY KIND
X quick for cash, see GUS STRAND, 917 Market j
ffi./«AA RESTAURANT, WELL FITTED UP; \
'IT'JUU. clearssl7s a month; 2 living-rooms: I
great bargain. GUS STRAND, 9 17 Market st.
(JI«C7£~A DRY' - GOODS STORE ; OFEER
«Jpt/«Jtf. wanted. GUS STRAND, 917 Market.
©DO*. COFFEE-SALOON; 2 FURNISHED j
t]pO*itJ. rooms; clears $75 a month; good place
for men and wife: bargain. GUS STRAND, 917
Market st.
C_OAA SALOON; FINE PLACE ON MAR-
tJpOwv/. ket St.; full value; pays ■well; great
bargain: cheap at $500. GUS STRAND, 917 |
Market st. - ,
p ROCER 1 -STORE, WITH GOOD ASSORTED !
VJT stock, doing large family trade; this is a fine
opportunity to get a good-paving business. Par-
ticulars of J. B. Ml HaN, 509 Kearuy st
AKERY, CANDY, STATIONERY AND FUR-
X> niture, account of death; cheap. Apply at Call.
IP OR SALE-FINE GROCERY AND BAR AT
r a bargain. Apply California Brewery, Douglass
and Diamond sts.
ANTED— PARTNER IN PORK STORE.
1430 Howard st.
RUGS- PHYSICIAN HAVING DRUG-
store and stationery stock in suburbs of Oak-
land will sell at sacrifice on account of sickness:
no opposition ; low rent. Address E. 8., Call
Office, Oakland.
ASH GROCERY AND BAR; DOING GOOD
\J business; fine stock and fixtures: no reason-
able offer refused. Apply Call Office.
pHANCE OF A LIFETIME— I WANT A NO.
\J 1 single man, with a good record, able to do
hard work in the. country; must engage for one
year and have. $300; salary $50 a month and
board; profits on investment will amount to $1000
a year • xtra; particulars at personal interview.
Address W.. box 121, Call Office. _^
T SACRIFICE— GOOD SALOON; HOWARD,
near Fourth: must sell to-day. Inquire at 116
Front st
ARTY WITH $150 TO TAKE HALF IN-
terest and introduce patent; $20,000 in six
months. J., box 43, Call Office. *
f^OR SALE-WELL-KNOWN DYEING AND
cleaning establishment; good reasons for sell-
Ing. Por particulars apply at Call Branch Office,
619 Valencia st.
T7IOR SALE— BRANCH BAKERY, DELI-
T cacies and lunchroom; doing good business.
2708 Twenty-fourth St., nr. Potrero aye. ; no agents.
ANTED — YOUNG MAN AS PARTNER,
with $250 capital, In best reliable cash busi-
ness; first-class trade: will guarantee $60 and
boara. W. V., box 138, Call Office. ■
OR SALE-RESTAURANT; CHEAP FOR
1 cash; rent $25; owner going to Oregon. Call
to-day at 116 Sixth St., room 14, from 12 to 2 P. if.
oiiA CIGAR-STORE WITH living-
<jp_Ul/. rooms; on account of sickness. 1127
Mission st.
<B»T KfiA FOR SALE-FIRST-CLASS SA-
*&i-O\J\J. loon, on best business block in the
city; a good paying and well-established business;
every opportunity to investigate ; only responsible
principals. Address A. Z.. box 95, Call Office.
<Bi^nnn CHAMPAGNE BUSINESS FOR
<$iO\J\J\J. sale: well established: complete
manufacturing plant; stock, etc.; principals only.
Apply F. L CAsTELHUN, rooms 4 and 5, 325
Montgomery st _--. .
ROCERY-STORE; 8 ROOMS; FIXTURES;
VJT some stock; to let. 2;01 Fifteenth st. •
<st9^nO WILL ACQUIRE CONTROLLING
iS)AO}J\J Interest for the Pacific Coast in the
manufacture and sale of a device that will yield
$-JO,OOO this year. Address J., box 60. Call Office.
pHOPHOUSE JUST ~ FITTED UP NEW;
\J must sell at once; good reasons given. 232
O'Farrell, bet. 11 and 1 p. it.', no agents.
ANTED— PARTY WITH $2000 TO $3000
'» to purchase a one-third or one-half interest in
an enterprise that will pay at least $5000 per year.
Only small sum need be paid down, balance can be
placed in bank as working capital. The present
owner is a professional man, and cannot aevote to
It the necessary time. To an honest, reliable man
he is willing to give entire charge and manage-
ment. Positively no risk, as business is assured.
About 800 acres of land are included in the propo-
sition, only those meaning strict business need
apply. If you want a good - thing, Investigate this.
M., box 92, Call Office. .
A BARGAIN; CORNER SALOON, WITH 11
' furnished rooms in business part of the city;
present owner conducting business for 12 years;
reason, retiring from business. . Apply SW. cor.
Sacramento and Drumm sts.
BUSINESS CHANCES-Contlmied;
<_. rr A FINE GROCERY AND BAR; 8ITU-
&000. atedonflne corner in Western
tion: carries nice stock: good bar trade; _ 4 11 vine
rooms; cheap rent; a bargain. GEO. srKWAisii
602 Market st. _____
<2!l&(\ PARTNER WANTED: STEADY
&lOU. man to look after office, handle cash,
etc., in legitimate business, situated across trie
bar: experience not necessary; duties < b » s ' | y
learned: has fine horse and buggy: will clear from
$65 to $75 per mouth to each. See GEO. STE W-
ART, 602 Market st. .
OL'Q^A CIGAR-STORE, FINELY FITTED
<Jt)oOU. up; large stock; situated on good cor-
ner, at prominent transfer point; owner sick;
must sell ; stock will invoice price asked. O.E.U.
STEWART. 602 Market st.
riOZY SALOON: CENTRAL AND NORTH OK
V^ Market. Address Cozy, box 36, Call: no agents.
RUIT STORE FOR SALE; REASONABLE:
on account of death. Cor. Twenty-third ana
Shotwelt sts.
GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT: FINE Lo-
cation; nicely fitted up; living rooms; rent
$17; good reason for selling. 3279 Mission st
/COMPLETE CLOAK FACTORY. CONSISTING
\J of i machines, cutting tables. P.. box 137, Call.
T3UTCHKR-BHOP FOR RENT; NO. 1 FIX-
X> tures: low rent. Apply UMBSEN & CO., 11
Montgomery st . __ .
miCA A WELL-ESTABLISHED BUBI-
<Jpx»JV/. ness, paying a net cash income of $15
weekly, which can be proven to buyers' entire satis-
faction, no agents. Address C. X., box 84, Call.
OuD, COAL AND EXPRESS: PAYS $125
per month, for sale. 810 sixth st.
POR SALE — HORSE, HARNESS, BUGGY,
r bicycle, 1 electric fan- for sale, trade or se-
curity ; a bargain. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
p ROCERY AND BAR; TRANSFER CORNER.
VJT Apply this office. ' ;
171 OR SALE— FRUIT AND CANDY STAND;
■ inside depot Cor. California st and Central aye.
ANY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
for cash; city or country. M., box 2, Call. .
T^LOUR-SACKS FOR SALE: NICE CLEAN.
X and in good order; always plenty on hand. J. 8.,
322 Pacific st, basement.
GOOD ROUTE FOR SALE ON THIS PAPER.
Apply T. P. RIORDAN, 632 Market, room 2.
T.-INE CORNER 8ALOON; GOOD LOCATION;
X 1 owner going in other business. Apply
SAMUEL BROTHER, 132 First st '
BEST- paying .RESTAURANT IN the
X) city; cash receipts $45 a day; for sale: security
taken or will trade for some other business; a
snap. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
I RANCH BAKERY, NOTIONS: SUNNY'
I ' rooms: good corner; low rent 449 Guerrero.
QALOON FOR SALE-$800: WELL STOCKED;
0 good- location: good reason for selling; no
agents. Address T., box 60, this office
MILK BUSINESS OF 30 CANS, RETAIL
iX trade, for sale cheap; must be sold by the 15th,
of June. Apply this office.
OR] SALOON WITH LIVING ROOMS;
cheap rent; bargain. Apply 212 Eighth St., cor.
Tehama. , • ,
HOTEL, 26 ROOMS, CHEAP: SELL ON AC-
count sickness; rent $35. Apply this office.
WHOLE BAKERY OUTFIT; MOVABLE
• " oven: for sale, trade, security. Columbia, 128
Fourth st
Ij"OR BALE— ONE OF THE BEST. PAYING
1 businesses in the city: will sell, trade or secur-
ity. Columbia, 128 Fourth st.
I,'OR SALE —'WELL-ESTABLISHED mil-
V lmery and dressmaking business: on account
of ill-health, at a sacrifice. Address ii. M., box 30,
Call Office. '
ESTAURANT; FIRST-CLASS TRADE: FOR
sale cheap on account of sickness; will ex-
change for property or business of equal value la
locality and climate suitable for a consumptive.
Call or address 3321 Mission.
IP OR SALE— SALOON DOING GOOD BUSI-
-1 ness: cause for selling sickness. Address T. R.
GOULD, box 8, Petaluma.
OR SALE— EXPRESS BUSINESS; 2 SINGLE
X 1 wagons. Stand corner Sansome and Sutter, J.
C. FREDERICKS, owner.
pENTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
vJ lady of means, 9100 capital. 12 Mason st., rm. 2
OR SALE— CANDY AND STATION-
ery store; make offer. A., box 10. Call Office.
<21l i^H EXPRESS BUSINESS: GOOD
is}±-O\J. stand;. clears $80 per month; sold on
account of sickness. Apply cigar-store, 205 Larkln.
OARDING-HOUSE; 16 ROOMS: CHEAP
rent; good opportunity; $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st.
W ANTED— TO BUY FOR CASH, SMALL,
" paying business; no agents. Address J., box
4, Call Office. - ■' •■ - ■ '-• *
LODGING-HOUSES FOR SALE.
TcHtOOM COR. HOUSE, NEAR BALDWIN;
It) must sell. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
0 A -ROOM CORNER HOUSE, $650: WORTH
—^ $2600: must be sold. DECKER. 1020 Market
QCi BOOMS: COUNTRY HOTEL: ONLY $1200,
OP worth $2000. Apply DECKER, 1020 Market.
1 A ROOMS: ON EDDY ST., NICELY FUR-
1 V nished; $350. DECKER. 1020 Market at
IF YOU WANT TO BUY OR WELL A LODO-
ing-bouse see T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
m» oc (\ 10 ROOMS ALL FURNISHED COM-
«J!O«J\J. plete; $35 Income above all expenses:
fine locality; cheap rent; rooms all full; investi-
gate this at once. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye,
<J» 1 CAA 50-ROOM HOTEL, NEAR UNION
nPIOUU. Iron Works; low rent: selling ac-
count of death. BARRETT & SKIFF. 921 Market
$1 fill LODGING-HOUSE, 13 ROOMS.
«3)XUu. nicely furnished. HEGARTY, 1004
Market st. ■ • ' ;
JO ROOM* . BEST-PAYING HOUSE, CHEAP;
lO easy terms. 115 Second st
T)OARDING-HOUSE: 16 ROOMS; CHEAP
1) rent: good opportunity; $500. New Hansa
Hotel, 320 Drumm st. .
ELL-FURNISHED HOUSE OF 8 ROOMS;
newly painted and papered: large basement,
laundry, yard: $550; must be sold. Address 11.,
box 113. Call Office.
MUST SELL; 15 WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS;
see this and make offer. 644 Sacramento. ;
on WELL-FURNISHED ROOMS FOR $600;
— O low rent Inquire grocery, 40 Sixth st I
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
AT L. J. NEUMANN'S, 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time, open evenings.
Ip IRE SALE .'
Prices stand till goods axe completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed 5et5...... ,,,,,., $11 51
Bed lounges .„ 8 Oil
Stoves ._, 763
Carpets, peryard ..._, 55
Linoleum, per yard _, 55
Matting, peryard 10
Till our new building is erected these pries* win
stand. Till such time we are conducting business
at SE. corner beventh and Mission sts. J.
NOON AN. ■ -
At\i\ CARPETS; CHAMBER BETS, $14;
tiUU stoves, $5: parlor sets, $20: toldlng-bedi,
$10: bed- ounces. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 112 4th.
~~ FURNITURE WANTED. ~
OD-HAND FURNITURE FOR COUNTRY";
— good prices. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
M ALONE PAYS 20 PER CENT MORES
than elsewhere for furniture to fill country
orders. Leave orders at KING'S, 3 Fourth «t
IF YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOR FURNl-
ture and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkin.
FKORE SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057 Market
BASCH. 321 SUTTER. WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1185 Market: tel. Jessie 781.
CARPET CLEANING.
G^REAT WESTERN^ C A RF^ET^BEATING
VX works; latest machinery: cleaning 3c and lay-
lng 3c yd. G. GEORGE, 11 Bth; phone Jessie 253.
JONES CO. CAKP--T - CLEANING AND
d renovating works. Main office 35 and 27 Bth.
PA RPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARD; LAID 3a
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON. 19 Eighth st
WHEN YOU BECOME. DISGUSTED WITH
poor work send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works, 363-57 Tehama st ; teL So, 40.
pONKLIN'S CARPET BEATING WORKS. 33J
\J Golden Gate aye.; telephone east 126.
ITY STEAM CARPETCLEANING.RENOVA-
ting, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL South 250.
PARPETS CLEANED AND RENOVATED
\J like new. FERGUSON A CO., 23 Tenth; taL
South 86. D. MACKINTOSH <fe CO.. successors. .
E. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th St.; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74.
MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING ANDRES-
. ovating works. 463 Stevenson: tuL south 228.
HORSES. ~.
T^TT^etslTew^an ;b second-hand haiC
.LOU ness, all kinds; wagons, buggies, surreys,
rockaways, carts: must be sold. 1128 Mission st
UCTIO.V SALES of HORSES, BUGGIES,
A. wagons, harness, etc, at- Derby stables, 645
Geary ,cor. Leaven worth, every Tuesday 11 o'clock.
C. R. MARTIN, prop.; S. W ATKINS, auctioneer.
Finn SET NEW AND SECOND-HAND HAR-
OUU ness; all kinds; buggy. wagon, carts, surrey
&rockawav; 40 cheap horses. 16th and Valencia.
A A HORSES i UK SALE; ALSO WAGONS,
1U buggies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horde
Market, 327 Sixth st ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
ORSE3 PASTURED: SEND FOR CIBCO-
Iwr. The Hrde Ranch. 630 Commercial st
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
•VTE W FARM WAGON FOR SALE CHEAP.
IN Inquire at 1340 Klrkham st. Oakland.
ANDSOME FAMILY CARRIAGE, NEARLY
XX new, . and single harness, together or sepa-
rately, for sale. 822 Broadway, Oakland. '.
CTANDING-TOP DOCTOR'S PHAETON: GOOD
Oas new. At ROBERTS', 1613 Market . ;
CJ LIGHTLY SOILED DRIVING GLOVES-
O samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sansome st
•VTEW AND SECOND-HAND BAKERS', LAUN-
Xi dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
ana 2 fine buggies. 828 Harrison atHOURKS TO LET.
OE 707 CH_»TNtfTT~~iI ROOMS AND
<J>OO. ba h: splendid marine view. ASHTON
<fe GARDINER, 411 Montgomery st.
AMI HYDK — HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND
flO bath. Inquire at 418.
71 Q DEVISADERO, BET. FULTON AND
i 1 'i Grove— B rooms and bath: $30; water free.
WILL K. FISHER A CO.. 14 Post st.
'<£.•>.> in * ' ELr.GANT NEWSUN-
fj^OZ..O\J. Ny 6-roora house. 612 Guerrero st.
mo LET— SUNNY RESIDENCE BE. CORNER
X Taylor and Broadway: 10 rooms and bath; fine
view. Apply H. MEYtR, 929 Broadway.
ROOMS; YARD; BASEMENT; $10. 32T
Tenth st.
OUSE OF 8 ROOMS; SUNNY YARD; RENT
II low. 27 Clementina st.
1 1 (\7 HOWARD— UPPER PARTOF HOUSE;
XXU i 5 sunny rooms and bath; cheap.
OQ9/«~A ST.. NR. DOLORES-2-STORY
OO^iU house 8 rooms and bath; furnished or un-
furnished; rent reasonable. Apply to L. A. SOUC
A CO., 465 and 467 Valencia st.
(JjQA MODERN HOUSE 7 ROOMS: BASE-
'?<>"■ ment: lar c yard: stable. 417 Ridley st.
HUUSE-A MICE HOUSE AND OTHERS
to rent by BALDWIN &. HAMMOND, 10
Montgomery s:.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
XpLKG A .'nTLy"* URNISHED '^NbTnEWLY
XJ tinted flat 4 rooms: bath. gas. etc.; water free,
etc.; reasonable. 913 Polk, ur. Geary.
"FURNISHED HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS AND
X? bath; 4 months at $40. 1509 Jackson St.. be-
tween LarKin and Polk.
T^OR SALE: FLAT: BROOMS; FURNISHED;
rent reasonable: 110 dealers. 44 Third st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
MICK COTTAGE; G aR!>EN;~BArV:~REA^
— * sonable: modern improvements. 3528 Sacia-
mento st.
COTTAGE OF 8 KO.jMS; BATH; GARDEN;
yard. 3824 Mission at.
7QK WILLOW AYE— COT TAGE OF 5 ROOMS:
I OtJ rent $9. Apply 500 Grove st.
i^Q r.l\ COTTAGE; FLAT, $11 50; LARGE
<TU.U'J. yards: cheap, ll'J3 Vall*josU
'fiOTTAGE: 4 ROOMS: BASEMENT; STABLE
\J for horses: cheap. 1303 'alters:.
FURNISHED FLATS.
TrLTT^T^O^M^r^U^NI^TErTrNO^Ib^AL^
J ers: rent reasonable. 447 Minna st.
FLATS TO LET.
ffijOK 1727 MCALLISTER. NEAR BRODER-
'.. —O. lck-8 rooms and bath: tin", large out-
side dtnlng-room. ASHTON & GARDINER, 411
Montgomery st, -
C SONY ROOMS; B vTH. 2219 FIFTEENTH
0 at.; rent $14; block from Castro-streetcars.
MIDDLE FLAT; 5 ROOMS BATH; REA-
■JX ■onable. 3439 Sixteenth st.. near Sanchez.
SUNNY TOP FLAT 4 ROOMS AND BATH;
all latest improvements; $16. 713 Grove st.
I UST APPROACHING COMPLETION.
Five choice modern flats on corner of Twenty-
fifth and Folsotn'sta.; all sizes, inquire on prem-
ises.
I^ORSALE— FURNITURE OF 5 ROOMS AND
bath complete; sunny house: rent $25; live
minutes' walk lo Chronicle building. Address
F. F.. box 117, pall Office.
VUTS 1 0 LET- FINK St 1 ! 1..V l's ; 4,5
X I aud 6 rooms and bath each; Valencia and
Twentieth sis.-, rents $14 to $17. Apply to L. A.
SOUC & CO., 465 Valencia st. ■_
HOUSE 9 BOOKS. 1! ATM -.GARDEN: GOOD
order: rent reasonable. 1427 Post, near Gough.
■\TICELY FURNISHED FLAT OF 6 ROOMS
—^1 and bath: piano: reasonable. 120 McAllister.
1 01 /T MINNA. NEAR ELEVENTH ;~4~SUN-
XUX"± ny rooms; var,;; water free; rent $13 50.
Q9la FILLMORK— SUNNY, NEW 7-BOOM
OZ.I flat; rent very low.
A-\ A HAIGHT-SUNNY FLAT, 5 LARGE
■^tIU sunny rooms; all improvements.
<5»1 - GRAND FLAT, b ROOMS. BATH, GAS.
Q-LtJ. 3930 Nineteenth si., bet. Noe and Sandier.
I^LAT: 4 SUNNY ROOMS. 13 HAMPTON
•t., off Folsom, bet. Second and Third.
LAT: 4 ROOMS; MODERN. 118 ASH AYE.,
off McAllister, above Polk.
IOyS SACRAMENTO ST.— FLAT OF 3
Xo— rooms; separate entrance: rent $10.
"PPER OR LOWER FLAT..4 OR 5 BUNNY
1 rooms: bath and stable. 2, 21Va Bryant aye.
"L^LAT, 4 MCE KOOMS; BATH. 527 GOLDEN
X: Gate aye.
9QI "I CALIFORNIA— UPPER SUNNY FLAT:
ZiVXXi rooms; large garden and basement;
rent $35.
79A HAVES, N. SI UE— UPPER FLAT! 7
I £j\J rooms: rent $27 50.
I I£l FULTON — GOOD LOWER FLAT; 6
XXV 2 rooms: bath: near City Hall: $18.
T/ILATS TO LET: PROPERTY FOR SALE:
-C all over town. PATTERSON <£ CO., 2 Va-
lencia st.
A(\7Q TWENTY-THIRD; 100 FEET FROM
"v 1 O Castro cars: lovely many upper flat of 5
rooms: modern improvements; rent only $16;
water free.
1 A OO MCALLISTER- MODERN FLAT OF 6
I -I>JO rooms and bath, $27 60. UMBSEN, 14
Montgomery st.
UPPER LOWER FLAT OF 2 OR 3 SUNNY
<-■ rooms; bath, laundry; 36 tlgin Park, off Rid-
ley Bt., above Valencia.
Q UNNY FLATS; 3 AND 4 ROOMS; BATH;
0 garden: $13 and $16. 1706 Post st. _^
VUT-A NICE FLAT AND OTHERS TO
X rent by BALDWIN <fc HAMMOND, 10 Mont-
gomery su -v > --<
ICA7 STEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
ICU 4 flat: 6 modern large sunny rooms; bath.
£> I 1 FOUR NICE ROOM S; 515 THIR-
yI L . teemh St., bet. Guerrero and Market.
JO \V~t X FLAT— 4O77 TWENTY-THIRD ST.,
Xj 100 feet from Castro cars: 4 rooms: bath; large
yard: sun all day; rent $14: water free.
L 1 LEG ANT NE~\V flats, seventh st., be-
I ' low p.rvant. 5 and « room*, hath: $8 10 $16.
HOUSEKEEPING KOO3IS.
CalUornia Street.
•;-.CM CALIFORNIA— 3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— .»^»>l nlshed rooms, bath, for housekeeping,
cheap; call forenoon.
fcdilT Street.
71 O EDDY — SUITE OF HOUSEKEEPING
il-i/ rooms; running water; gas.
.bills Street. ' -
£.09 ELLIS-4 SUNNY, UNFURNISHED
' '•)_ ;ooms and bath for housekeeping.
7f\Ci ELLIS— 3 FURNISHED ROOMS; NEW-
% \J\J ly papered and painted; complete for house-
keeping
Fourth street.
5 FOURTH— TWO FURNISHED HOUhE-
-0 keeping room*, connecting: also single rooms.
Jolsoin Street.
© O MONTH— 2 SUNN V ROOMS FURNISHED
tJiO for housekeeping. 735 Folsom st.
Q£Q FOLSOM— large, SUNNY, FURNISH-
' ''»>ed bedroom, connec.ing with kitchen;
yard: complete; housekeeping.
Franklin Street.
ftOQ FRANKLIN— 2 NICK SUNNY HOUSE-
\J\JO keeping rooms: rent reasonable.
teary st. ees,
c "I Q GEARY— SUNNY SUITE OF PARLORS;
*J1 O other sunny rooms; light housekeeping.
tough Street.
91 r GOUGH— 3 LARGE SUNNY HOTTSR-
ZjX O keeping rooms; elegantly furnished: $18.
Hermann Street.
cyr HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA-1 OR 2
Z.*J rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1 9E HOWABD-2 LARGE ROOMS; FTTR-
OZ.O nished complete for housekeeping or single;
reasonable.
-1 1 AC) HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY FUR-
-1 J i«- nished housekeeping rooms; bath; range;
rent $12 50.
1/<A4 HOvVARD— 2 FRONT ROOMS: BAY-
I \J\J~t window; complete for housekeeping; gas:
bath; private family; rent cheap.
Kearny Street.
5 OR LESS ROOMS, SUITABLE FOR HOUSE-
-0 keeping. Kearny Bt., near. Suiter. Gas or
water free. Apply 15 Grant aye.
Larkin Street.
Q9£ LARKIN — 2 OR 3 SUNNY HOUSE-
iIiO keeping rooms: furnished complete; central.
Ql 7 LARKIN~HAB~CHANGED HANDS";
•JX'l nice sunny rooms, double, single and
housekeeping, all furnished. $7 up.
Linden Avenue.
9Q LINDEN AYE., OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
_. »./ Hayes St.— Large uniurnished room; stove.
McAllister Street. '.- .
BOH MCALLISTER, corner OCTAVIA-
OUU Nicely furnished sunny rooms with cr
without housekeeping. ' . :
At In 11 a > tree l.
JA9I MINNA — LARGE RUNNY FRONT
iUi'» room, with kitchen: light housekeeping.
Mew Montgomery street.
1 AC NEW MONTGOMERY ST.— CHANGED
J WO hands; furnished housekeeping and single
rooms: cheap.
1 Natoma Street.
79A NATOMA ST.-LARGE NICE BUNNY
I Zi\J room, with use of kitchen.
HOUSEKEEPING- ROOMS - Continued.
Mil tii StreetT~ "~"~"
on ninth, nr. market-front SUITS,
£*\s housekeeping, stove, gas, wafr: single.
OctavtH Street.
1 403 OCTAVIA ST.. COR. ARY-FREBH-
-11VJ(I l.v furnished bay-windows and others; $7.
folk Street.
fill POLK-2 OR 3 BUNSY FURNISHED
Uii rooms; exclusive kitchen: gas stove.
Post Street. ;
Q99 PO , Sr - 2 HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS, $10;
t.»-j^i 3 finely furnished, $25; large yard.
sixth 9 reec.
"1 9] SIXTH-CHEAPEST IN THE CITY:
_L —.l. cogy housekeeping rooms and others.
490 SIXTH — 2 NEATLY FURNISHED
~^yJ rooms; water; complete for housekeeping;
no children; $11. . -
<S9Q SIXTH-4 CONVENIENT UNFURNISH-
"-« ed rooms and cellar; $11; also 2 unfur-
nished rooms; $6.
Second Street.
Q~[ Ql STOCKTON— 2 NICE ROOMS, PARTLY
VXO2 furnished ; large yard; water fret; $5. ■
Shot well Street.
901 SHOTWELL— UNFURNISHED LARGE
•*-"-> I bay-window front and back parlors with
small private family.
lehama Street.
9TEHAMA, NEAR FIRST — COTTAGE; 6
Bunny rooms: large yard; rent lowered.
Union Street.
m UNION-VERY LARGE FRONT ROOM
and kitchen; all conveniences; private
house: $10.
KOOMS TO LK'f.
liUKli Street.
"I I fi7 BUBH HANDSOMELY FURNISHED
XXU • sunny rooms, gas, hot and coid water,
bath, reasonable.
j-<icly Street.
£1 A EDDY, NR. LARKIN-SUNNY FRONT
D room; gas, bath, closets; newiy furnished;
$8;
jKj£hth street.
SHERMAN APARTMENT HOTJbE, 28 BTH
■1., Dear Market; furnished and unfurnished.
Ikllla Street.
rpHE RAMONA, 130 ELLIS; MRS. KATE S.
X MART, manager— A quiet house; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
OOSEDALE HOUSE, 821 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
V at reduced rent; satisfy yourself: open all night.
OOn ELLIS, COR. LARKIN— FURNISHED
U' )•' bay-window alcove: gas stove; bath.
1 oiMini Street.
1 941 FOLSOM— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
I" iJL kitchen If desired; $8 up; single rooms,
$4 up.
Fulton Street.
1 fr FULTON, NEAR THE PARK-NICELY
1 <jO\J furnished sunny front rooms, single or en
suite. _^
Ueary Street.
91 71 GEARY-LARGE SUNNY FURNISHED
All] or unfurnished rooms: key at 217.
l.ol<JU-u tiate Avenue.
QQA GOLDEN GATE AYE.— PLEASANT
OO' ' sunny room for gentleman; baih and gas;
private family; $6.
-fi /• GOLDEN GATE AYE.— HANDSOMELY
OX I) furnished rooms, suitable for 1 or 2 gentle-
men. |
C O- GOLDEN GATE — FRONT OR BACK
O^O parlor clc?ly furnished: gas, bath, etc.
. trove Street.
■I AQ GROVE— V FURNISHED ROOMS;
XttO suitable for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
999 GROVE— NEWLY FURNISHED FRO NT
— — .— , bay-window room for 1 or 2 gentlemen;
also single room.
Hermann Street.
9' HERMANN, NEAR VALENCIA— I OR 3
—«J rooms; nicely furnished; with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
H^r HOWARD-SUNNY FLAT FOR MAN
XXDO and wife. -. -
1 9^zl HOWARD-LARGE SUNNY BAY-
1-tli window room: suitable for man and wife
or 2 gents: every convenience: cheap.
Howard Court.
2 NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS FOR 1 OR 2
gentlemen. 5 Howard court, off Howard, near
Fourth.
Jones street.
nr JONES— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
• alcove room; private.
907 -'"BHi<-TUis van WINKLE. NEW
— ' ' I znaoaeement: elegant sunny suites and
single; newly furnished: bath, etc; «10 to S3t>.
jk-earnv Mreo..
A BLINOTON HOUSE, 127KEARNY-PLBAS-
xi. ant iunny rooms, en suite and tingle: flraciau
in every respect: terms reasonable. . ...% • ; .
Larkin street.
ci 9 larkin-2 UNFURNISHED ok i
OX— large furnished room, $9.
Mmkri Street.
V OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
I night, 85c to $1; week, $1 50 to $5: families.
Martha Place.
6 MARTHA PLACE, OFF GEARY, NR. HA-
son— Nice furnished sunny rooms; $7 month.
Minna street.
nnrr MINNA, COR. EIGHTH— NEWLY FUR-
UU I nlshed bay-window rooms; $1 a week.
ailMlim -i reel.
HI Q MISSION — NICELY FURNISHED
DID rooms. 15c to 60c per niebt; $1 to $2 weeic.
HE WILSON HOUSE, 776 MISSION. NEAR
Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms; all modern Improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite; 25c tosl 50 a day.
-1 fi9fk MISSION— FURNISHED ROOM; HOT
XU-.U and cold water. . . -.
Natoina Street.
17 (\ 4 NATOMA— FURNISHED ROOMS FOR
1 v/'i housekeeping or otherwise.
O'*arrell street.
DAI O'FARRKLL— ELEGANT FURNISHED
GUI sunny cor. bay-window parlor rm. for 1 or 2.
Folk Street.
Q-| 9 POLK - ELEGANTLY FURNISHED
OX sunny alcove and kitchen, complete for
housekeeping; new carpets and furniture; very
reasonable.
Sixth Street.
1 Ql SIXTH-NICE SUNNY FRONT SUITES
J. 02 of rooms; reasonable: transient 60c per
night; suitable offices for doctor or dentist.
41.17 SIXTH— 3 SUNNY FRONT R00M.9;
— ,— 1 suitable for doctor or dentist; $25.
9 4 9 SIXTH— LARGE ROOM SUITABLE FOR
*-■!_. 2 gentlemen; reasonable.
butter street.
A T HALF FORMER RATES— FUR-
J\ flisbed rooms, $2 50 per week. The Shasta,
320 V2 Sutter st.
7AO SUTTER. COR. TAYLOR (THE/ SAN
I \JO Reml)— furnished sunny rooms; en
suite or single; references. 1
Taylor Street.
•1 An TAYLOR — SINGLE ROOJTS; SINGLE
JLUZj and en suite, cheap; also established doc-
tors' offices.
"1 AQ TAYLOR — NICELY FURNISHED
X vO front rooms from $1 60 to $3.
1 (\Q TAYLOR-SUNNY PARLORS: OTHER
X\Jo rooms: $6 up.
9Q TAYLOR- NEWLY FURNISHED
O+.>J throughout; all sunny rooms: prices to Bull
the times.
Tenth Street.
m TENTH, NEA"R~MARKET-3 LARGE
gunny rooms: housekeeping or board.
'lurk Street.
t\AA TURK— NICELY FURNISHED SUNNY
*J^l^£ front rooms en suite or separate; moderate.
gO-j. 1 TURK-SUNNY FRONT BOOM; $6.
William Street.
m WILLIAM, NEAR POST. BET. TAYLOR
and Jones— Nicely furnished front room
Independent, $8 per month: private family.
BOARDING and ROOMS.
G^^u^hT^rTp^e^nlc^iTy^furnTs^e'd
large sunny room suitable for two gentlemen
or married couple: board optional: private family.
Address Reasonable, box 113, Call Office.
71 9 POST— NEATLY FURNISHED SUNNY
i X.& rooms; good table board: $20 up.
Cie TAYLOR - SUNNY BACK PAHLOR
t) J U with board for two; $20 apiece, and other
rooms. - -- ■
OTEL BERTLING. 714 BUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; all mod- -
t-r" convynlencp*. _^ -
~ CHILDREN BOARDED.
I~~~ADY ""w^VT^^ciSILDREN^TO BOARbT;
XJ reasonable: good care. Call 18V 3 Freelon st.
bKWING MACHINES.
TVTO- 3 SINGER HARNESS SEWING-MA-
1\ chine cheap. 1916 Mission, be. 16th and 16th.
A KINDS BOUGHT, SOLD, exchange dT
A rented, repaired; lowest rates i!O5 fourth id
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1800.
STORES TO LET.
9 I O FIRST-^TXR^E*I?mRTrwTTirTROOSr
*Ji- suitable for any retail business; low rent.
Apply St. Nicholas Ho. el, 214 f ixn St. ■•■-•;
■LUNE CORNKR~STORK: GOOD LOCATION I
X 1 for grocery or drugstore; cheap rent. Corner I
McAllister and Broderlcic sts.
mo LKT-122 GEARY ST., A FINE BASE-
X ment: centra!.
ALOON— FINE SALOON TO LET CORNER
of Bryant and Gilbert streets; fixtures for sale;
cheap; rent $20.
HALF OF STORE; 7 KEARNY ST.; NOW
occupied by P. sentmeri: will be vacant July
4. Apply J. A. SCHMIDT, 42b Ellis St. ' "
d.l ft FOURTH— SMALL STORE WITH ROOM
tt-LU in rear; suitable for any retail business; low
rent. Apply to G. H. UMBsEN <fc CO.. 14Montg'y.
OFFICES TO. LET.
O^C^^U^S^rwTr^JPPEBr^XO^R^BTjILT^
ing 126 O'l-'arre 1 street, near Alcazar Theater-
rent 850. ASHTON & GARDINFR, 411 Mont-
gomery st. . y : •
PRECKELS BUILDING. »27 MARKET-"
Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light;
beating and janitor service free. " Apply at building
or O. H. UMBSKX «fc CO.. 14 Montgomery st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
TTILEGaNT PIANO: SLIGHTLY USED; FINE
XJ order: cheap. sheriff's Warehouse, 211 Larkln.
TTPRIGHT PIANO; EXCELLENT TONE;
«J fine case; imperative sale this week: an offer
is wanted. Room 12, Flood building.
A BEAUTIFUL STEINWAY UPRIGHT:
J\. must be sold; a sacrifice sale. Room 10,809-
Market st. ■
STEINWAY $175; STECK $150: HTERL-
ingsloo;Ladd $60., BKUKXN'S, 228 Post.
LAN OS— DO YOU WANT ONE? FINEST
X stock on the Pacific coast. THE F. W. SPEN-
CER CO., 933 Market St.
TEINWAY BABY GRAND, NEARLY NEW,
at a sacrifice. THE F. W. SPENCER CO.,
933 Market st. ■:?r;. t -v i i.r
fflj 17 r ALMOST NEW: ROSEWOOD; FOR SALE
<{p I O. on $5 'installments. 221 Leavenworth st.
1^ BEAT OPPORTUNITY: 6 TINE UP-
VJT rights, $125 and $160 each: call early if you
want a bargain. MAUVAIS, 769 Market st.
EFORE BUYING SEE HAINE BROS.', BUSH
XJ & Gerts and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <fe CO.. 324 Post St.
LOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OF
V. ' small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay; violins. $1 ?,b: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. $3;
antoharps, $1; accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc.; new
pianos for rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market St., Spreckels building. - .-: .- •:. :
,2»1 9- FINE CHICKERING: SCHMITZ, 16
«jrl-jt-». McAllister St., next to Hibernla Bank.
QHERMAN, CLAY <te CO., STEIN WAY REP-
-0 resentatives, show the largest assortment of
pianos and organs in the West; all grades ana
prices; easy monthly payments: everything guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny and Sutter.
A BRIVKD— LOT OF CELEBRATED HIGH-
A grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and term*
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth st.
pHICKKKING, KNABK, STKCK. VOSE, STBR-
\J ling pianos; see our new piano for $187; piano*
lOr rent. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 16 O"Farreli.
YRON MAUZY, 308 POST bT.-SOHMEK,
Newby <fe Evans. Rrleei and other pianos.
QUPERIOR VIOLINS, zithers, old&~ne\v
O H. MULLKR. maker, repairer. '-' l.a:liam nlac».
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
SECOND-HAND BICYCLE IN GOOD CONDI-
tlon; «26. Frultstore, 1127 Howard su
BARGAIN-GENTLEMAN'S HEAVY 18-K.
gold chain and diamond ring. 916 Jackson su
ICYCLE BARGAIN S-'96 MODELS: STRICT-
i'Iy high grade; tandems, la lies' and gents'
wheels; don't fall to call and inspect before buy-
Ing. F. R. GRANNIS & CO., 609 Market st.
I^RESH HOLSTEIN COW; 4 YEARS OLD;
' gentle. 1312 Folsom su
TTPRIGHT - BOILER AND ENGINE. ! 5
yJ power; Bxl2 .rock-breaker. Engineer
t 404 Third gt.
1 EGHOHNS, WHITE. BROWN AND BUFF,
XJ $1 each: fine layers. Address CUMBERS,
1183 Broadway, Alameda.
MEW & 2ND-HAND " '95" BICYCLES, $25 TO
X> $65. Hamilton Cyclery, Baker and Hayes sts.
OUNTKRS, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
\J bought and sold. 11211^ Market, bet. 7th & Bth.
SIX-HORSEPOWER GAS OR GASOLINE
engine for sale cheap. Apply or address 215
Bay st. .__ ■ ■
THIRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
-I ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal-
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Address C. A.,
box 100, this office.
QECOND-HAND GAS OR GASOLINE EX-
Ojflnea; various sizes ; guaranteed perfect order;
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call.
ARGAINM TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES;
write for prices. Typewriter Ex.. 310 California.
oilersTe i. 1 e-.-Jd-hand machinery,
JJ waterpipes Mclntosh <fc Wolpman, 187 Beale.
UILDINUS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHKd
J> doors, mantels, etc. for sale. 1166 Mission. **
NE fc-MALL MEDIUM AND LARGE SIZB
fire and burglar proof safe. 109, 111 Market 9c
LMRE AND BURGLAR SAFE, LETTER-
X I press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
IVTEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BEOONO-
-> hand. W. S. RAY Mfg Co., 12 California st.
MEDICAL.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RE-
A stored in a few hours; safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay-, pri-
vate home in confinement; regular graduate
physician: 30 years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used; ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense; consultation free and confidential.'
MRS. DR. WYKTH, 916 Post St.. near Larkln.
DBS. GOODWIN, DISEA-ES OF WOMEN A
specially: unexcelled In restoring irregularity
or other conditions; home in confinement; best of
care: low fees: pills $2. Removed from 1370
Market su to 904 McAllister st.
DR. JOSSELYN, T_t X ORE AT SPECIALIST,
has removed to 1206 Market su, near Sixth.
SYCHO - MAGNETIC COMPANY CURES
-I paralysis, cancer, rheumatism, insanity, female
weakness, nervous disorder, heart and lung
troubles; no charge unless cured. 8 Mason si.,
corner Market, room 11.
1 A DIES, CONSULT FREE MKS. DR. SCOTT.
JU 216 Powell St.; only qualified specialist,; $500
for case I fail to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
PECARD'SS PILLS— DISEASES OF WOMEN A
X specialty: also "fine Baths." Rooms 3 and 4,
MacDonough building, Oakland..
RS. DR. WEGENER TAKES LADIES BE-
fore and daring confinement: infanta adopted
into good homes; treats all female complaints or
irregularities successfully. 419 Eddy st,
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE Dis-
ease see MRS. DR. • PUETZ. 264^ Fourth «U
■VTIOE PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT
— .1 all female diseases treated; expert physicians;
terms moderate. Office, 235 Kearny st., room 9.~
NEW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used; every woman her
own physician for all female troubles, no matter
from what cause: restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home; all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny su
PRIVATE HOME IN CONFINEMENT.~MRsT
X DR. FUNCKK, 1416 Eighth »t., Alameda.
A BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest improved method of treatment:
never tails; perfectly harmless; free from any bad
effects; never makes them sick to make :hem
well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
the times; borne in confinement. DR. * HII4
DA VIES, 14 McAllister si., next Hlbernia Bank;
consult free. French regulating pink pills, $2.
X7RE CURE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,
from whatever cause: a home In confinement
with every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MRS. DR. QWYKR, 226 Turk st. •
DR. HALL. 14 MCALLISTER STREET, NEAit
1 Jones- Diseases of women and children.
A LPEAU'B FRENCH PILLS-A BOON TO
A ladles troubled with Irregularities: no dancer;
safe and sure; $2 60 express C. O. D. : don't delay
until too late. OSGOOD BROS.. Oakland. Cal.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for a CONCRETE BULK-
X head and bituminous yard work— sealed propo-
sals will be received by the Superintendent of
Common Schools in open session of the Board of
Education, new City Hall, San Francisco, on
Wednesday, June 24.-1896, at 8:30 o'clock p. k.,
reconstructing a concrete bulkhead and for bi-
tuminous yard work at the North Cosmopolitan
Crammer School In accordance with plans and
specifications (and the con lllons mentioned there-
in) at the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
the board, room 55, Flood building, corner Fourth
and Market streets. The board reserves the right
to reject any or all bids as the public good may re-
quire. GEORGE BEAN 3TON, Secretary.
PROPOSALS FOR SUPPLIES FOB VETK-
X rans' Home Association— Notice is hereby
given that sealed proposals will be received by the
board of directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion, at its office, room 13. 320 Sanxome street,
San Francisco, Cal, up to 10 o'clock a. m.. Satur-
day. June 27, 1896, and opened Immediately there-
after in the presence, of bidders, tor furnishing and
delivering quartermaster and commissary supplies
for the Veterans' Home, Nnpa County, California
(railroad station, YouTitville), for the six months
commencing July 1, 1898, and ending DecenjDer
81. 1898. •
Schedules with information and instructions for
submitting bids will be furnished upon application
by the undersigned. Bidders will carefully follow
the conditions of the schedules, and no bid will be
considered unless It is In accordance with such
schedules Each bidder must accompany his bid
with a certified check upon some well-known and
responsible banking house for at least 10 per cent
of the amount of his bid, payable to J. c. Currier,
Treasurer, conditioned that the bidder will enter
Into a g od and valid contract upon notice of ac-
ceptance, as required by law. The board reserves
the right to reject any or all bids, and to order any
quantity over or under the amount specified.
Address J. J. BCOVILLK, Secretary Veterans'
Home Association, room 13, 3£o tSansome street,
San Francisco, Cal. \ *• \ ■ ;
By order of the Board of Directors.
J. J. SCOVILJuE, Secretary.
"PERSONALS.
al\^TT"mwcths old for adop-
t'ou by well-to-do family who can furnish good
Lome to child. Aaoress W. R., box 8). this offlce.
EGGS, 10c A DOZEN: BUTTER, 20c I'KK
roll: condensed milk, 6c per can; sardines, 5c
per can ; jelly, 10c a can : t-ornstareli, 5c per pack-
age- picnic bams, 6c per pound; Eastern bams, 8c
per pound; 20 pounds sugar, $1: flour, 85c a Back;
25 pounds of prunes. Dears, apricots or apples, $1.
LINCOLN BROS., 226 Sixth St., between the two
markets. ■ I
* LICE-TOM SAYS HIS GIRL GOT HER
A hair dressed at G. LEDERER'S, 111 Stockton
St.. and it was "out of sight": you'd better go
there: it's only 25c, too; the store is nearest Geary
St. ' ''ROSE.
AIR DRESSED. 25c; SHAMPOO, 25c: MAN-
lcnrc.26c BUTLER'S. 131 Post, r. 20,elevatr.
"DARTINGTON'S SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration; day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlngton. Gertrude
Partington.R. L. Partlngton. Particulars 424 Pine.
A DVICK FREE: DIVOKCJS LAWS A SPK-
A. dally 1 private: no cbaree unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc., at-
tended to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law. 850 Market st
AZOR EXCHANGE. 630 MARKET ST.;
fine edge put on razor for 25 cents.
T>ARISIAN MILLINERY SCHOOL; A FULL
X course taught in six weeKs: competent gradu-
ates guaranteed positions. 8 Golden Gate aye.
WATCH AND JEWELRY- REPAIRING:
Vl low prices first-class work guaranteed. Give
a trial to J . N. BRITTAIN, 20 Geary, nr. Kearny.
pONSUMPTION TREATED BY A NEW
\J method. DR. AMERICAN, 36Va Geary st.;
hours 12 to 2:30. ■
eo. W. ATTORNEY-AT-LAW, 215
Sansome St., room 4. ___;
UITS TO ORDER ON INSTALLMENTS TO
0 guaranteed parties, $15 upward. Cut-rate
Talortng Company,] 117 Market st.,bet 7th and Bth.
rjnHIC ECONOMY" MILLINERY* RED FRONT,
X 40, 46 sixth st; children's school hats sc: dyed,
pressed 26c. ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled be.
T IBKIIAL A D V A C ON DIAMONDS, JiiVV'-
XJ elry, etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market st.
SPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER <fe CO., MERCHANT
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317.
Gentlemen furnishing cloth can have suits or over-
coats made from $9 up: trousers $2 up; workman-
ship and trimmings guaranteed ; self-measurement
cards sent, free; conn try trade solicited.
ifiRUNKS MOVKD, 25 CENTS, COMMERCIAL
1 Transfer Company. 43 Sutter st.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
1 t\l\f\ CARDS, »1 60: SHOW CARDS, 15c:
IUUU lei, Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary St., r. 39.
A TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU
J\. can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ; also
dress goods, cloaks, jewelry, at M. ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM |
XJ Winchester House, 44 Third St., near Market:
200 rooms, 26c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
Sktrozyn.sk 1, LEADING ladies' Hai-
r. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. Popular prices.
fMTY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
\J Geary, remc7ed from Larkin st. to 119 Stock-
ton; first-class laundry. MRS. JaUSSAUD.
"UIG OUTDOOR STKUEOPTICON SHOW EVE-
Xj ry night cor. Market and Sixth its. ; artistic ad-
vertisements In living light; promoters of busi-
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market St.
_D GOLD. SILVER, GENTS' AND LADIES'
clothing bought. COLMAN, 41 3a. cor. Jessie.
(CLOAKS. CAPK3 AND SLITS RETAILED AT
\J wfr»' cost. Factor*. '20 Kansome St.. upstair?.
WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THE
WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSM.AIi.ERS.
FPICk'fOR . SALeTIONVEST RENT: RARE
chance to catch on. Departure, box 81. Call.
RESSES $2 UP; WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP;
-L/ lawn $1 up. 505 :! 4 Natoma St., above Sixth.
"™ ~ DENTISTS.
lAIRST-CLASS DENTISTRY: FIRST-CLASS
JO prices; first-class results: painless extraction
and painless implantation of teeth. W.C.HAR-
DING, CM., M.D., 500 Sutler st., corner Powell.
1-iR. DUCKETi,T7O3 POsT ST., NEAR BU-
XJ cnanan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
R. L. T. IRANZ— EXTRACTION PAINLESS,
crown work, bridge work and teeth without
plates a specialty, 103 Geary st., cor. Grant ays.
ROOME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
\J ket, bet. 3d and 4th, gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
inn $5; fillings frm $1; extracting 50c, with gas $1.
<_>7 A SET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED A?
0 I good as can be made; filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
dentist, 930 Market St.. next Baldwin Theater.
1 \R. LLDLL'M HILL, 1413 MARKET ST.,
XJ near Eleventh: no charge for extracting when
plates are made: old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per get; extracting 60c; gas given.
J^ULL SJil' OF iEElii, $7; WARRANTED
1 five years. DR. V. CAVaLSKY. 24 !->ixth st.
ET OF TEETH WITHOUT A PLATE. DX. H.
O. YOUNG. 1841 Polk si. ■_ .
] JR. GEORGE W. LEEK. THifi GENUINK
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extraction
and patentee of improved bridge work or teem
witnout any plate, moved from 6 10 20 O'Farrell st.
T>AINLESS EXTRACTION. 60c; CROWN
X bridge work a specialty; plates, $5 tip; 13vear*
experience. R. L. WALSH. D.D.S.. 815*4 Geary.
I \R. H. H. SHAW, 22*. KEARNY - BRlliUfi-
U work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9.
OLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATION. 806 MAR-
ket st. DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
R. J. J. LEEK, 1206 MARKET, COR. GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings: Sundays till noon.
' A LL WORK REASONABLE AND WAR-
A ranted. DR. J. W. KEY 1123 Market st.
TO LEASE.
A"^TJa^g^jn^TFo^^e^s^~fßr^t^rlJ~()f
ears, 100 acres near N lies, Alameda County,
Cal.; fine grazing and part for farming. Inquire
of S. SALZ. Ontervllle. A lamed a County.
TRUSTEES' SALES. ~
fTIRUSTEES' SALE.— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
1 the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by MELVINA J.
DAYTON and DATUS D. DAYTON (her hus-
band), parties of the first part, to HENRY C.
CAMPBELL and THADDELS B. KENT. Trus-
tees, parties of the second part, and the SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, party of the
third part, dated December 21it, 1893, ami recorded
In the office of the County Recorder of the County
of Tulare, Mate of California, in liber 10 of Trust
Deeds, at pages 893, and following, and in pursu-
ance of a resolution passed on the 23d day of
April, 1896, by the Board of Directors of said SAN
FRANCISCO SAVINGS UNION, a corporation,
and the holder of the note (No. 12,687), to secure
payment of which the aforesaid deed of trust was
executed, declaring that default had been made in
the payment of 1 he principal sum and other sums,
due under said note and deed of trust, and request-
ing and directing said HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, to sell the
real estate described therein to satisfy »aid indebt-
edness.
We, HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. KENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 16th day of June, A. D. 1896. at
12 o'clock, noon, of that day. and at the auction
salesroom of Easton, Eldridge & Co., No. 638
Market street, in the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, state of California, we will sell at public
auction, to the highest bidder, for rash In gold coin
of the United States, all the pieces or parcels of
land situate in the county of Tulare, State of Cali-
fornia, described as follows, to wit:
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States :
In Township Twenty (20) South, RangeTwenty-
four (24) East, Mount Diablo Base and Meridian.
Of Section Twenty-three (23). the . northeast
quarter of the northeast quarter 14 of NE 1/4),
and lots numbers one (1) and two (2), containing
one hundre 1 and forty and eighty-nine one-hun-
dredths (140.89) acres of land: .
Excepting therefrom, however, a strip of land
one hundred (100) feet wide, lying equally on each
side of the Southern Pacific Railroad Company's
track constructed on said land, together with the
appurtenances. ■ -,■
TERMS OF SALE.— Cash in Gold Coin of the
United States: ten per cent payable to the under-
signed on the fall of the hammer; balance on de-
livery of deed: and If not so paid, unless for want
01 title (ten days being allowed for search), then
said ten per cent to be forfeited, and the sale to be
void. Acts of sale at purchaser's expense.
HENRY C. CAMPBELL. 1 T f .
THADDEUB B. KENT, } Tr ustees.
rPRUSSTEES' SALE— IN ACCORDANCE WITH
X the terms and under the authority of a certain
deed of trust, duly executed by OTTO BR v NDT,
party of the first part, to HENRY C. CAMPBELL
and THADDEUS B. KENT, Trustees, parties of
the second part, and the San Francisco Savings
Union, party of the third part, dated February Bth,
1893, and recorded In the office of the county Re-
corder of the county of Tulare, State of California,
In Liber 10 of Trust Deeds, at page 265, and follow-
ing: and in pursuance of a resolution passed on
the 14th day of May, 1896, by the Board of Direc-
tors of said Han Francisco Savings Union, a cor-
poration, and the holder of the note (No. 12,292),
to secure payment of which the aforesaid deed of
trust was executed, declaring that default had
been made In the payment of the principal Bum
and other sums, due under said note aud deed of
trust, and requesting and directing said HKNItV
C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS B. KENT,
Trustees, to sell the real estate described therein
to satisfy said indebtedness.
We. HENRY C. CAMPBELL and THADDEUS
B. BLENT, Trustees, do hereby give notice that on
TUESDAY, the 23d day of June, A. D. 1896, at 12
o'clock noon of that day, and at the auction sales-
room of Easton, Eldridire <fc Co., No. 638 Market
street, in the City and County of San Francisco,
State of California, we will sell at public auction,
to the highest bidder, for cash in gold coin of the
United States, all the pieces or parcels of land sit-
uate In the county of Kings (formerly part of the
county of Tulare), State of California, described as
follows, to wit: ■ , , ,
According to the official plats and system of sur-
veys of the Government of the United States:
In township nineteen (19) south, range twenty-
one (21) east. Mount Diablo base ana meridian.
. Of section thirty (30). the northwest quarter
(NW. 14).
Of section thirty-two (32), the northwest quar-
ter (NW. 1/4). ' : '- ■' '-'•■
Coutainini?,. three hundred and twenty (820)
acres of land, more or less.
Together with the appurtenances. ■
Terms of sale— Cash in gold coin of the United
States; ten per cent payable to the undersigned on
the fall of the hammer; balance on delivery of
deed: and if not so paid, unless for want of title
(ten days being allowed for search), then said ten
per cent to be forfeited and the sale to be void.
Acts of sale at purchaser's expense. - : ■■■ ; .
'HENRY C. CAMPBELL, •»„,„,.„„
THADI>£US H. KKiVj:, j ""SK^s.
__ CITY REAL ESTATE.
■TfiiNis'KESIbENCK : """"'"• : ;
X SUiTERsI'RKET, NEAR FRANKLIN.
AT SACRIFICE PRICE.
ffl»-i/j (\(i(\ a handsome house; 9
tap lt.yjyjVJ. rooms and bath; u^rth side of
Butter st.; elegant neighborhood and haudy to
town; lot 3oxl2o ft. through 10 Austin aye.
KASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO.,
J 638 Market st.
ONLY $1000 CASH REQUIRED. ~~~~
• . : ELEGANT FLATS
SACRIFICED FOR IMMEDIATE SALE,
till Hi || TWO , HANDSOME MODERN
<IPJ.I7. U' 'U. flats nearly new of 8 rooms and
bath each on a corner facing the Park Panhandle;
beautifully decorated' and elegantly finished inside
and outside: entrance on different streets to each
flat: lot 28x91 :2 ft. ; mortgage of $9000 7 per cent
interest can remain: flat or installment loan plan.
EASTON ELDRIGE & CO.,
■ . 638 Market st.
IG VALUE. ■
- MODERN RESIDENCE.
IN THE WESTERN ADDITION. - -
! <J> f*(\(\(\ A SUBSTANTIAL WELL-BUILT
! »JpUUUU. two-story house of 8 rooms and bath
i and basement on Devisadero st., near Haight;
nicely decorated and in first-class condition; well
worth $8000; lot 25x100 feet.
KAH'IOiV, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
/CHOICE FLATS. ,
VJ - DESIRABLE LOCATION.
HALF A BLOCK NORTH OF MARKET bT.
<n» ,|£nn FINK pair OF FLATS. 5 AND 6
fiprrOiiyj, rooms and bath; In splendid condi-
tion; north side: of the street; lot 25x115 feet;
this property has a grand future.
ISABTON, .ELDRIDGE <te CO.,
. 638 MarKet St.
COZY HOMES. ~ ~
ON EASY TERMS.
$200 CASH. $16 PEK MONTH.
(Bj 1 OAfJ EACH— 2 PRETTY COTTAGES IN
•]pX/£Uv/the Fairmount Tract: 4 rooms and
bath each; well built; In good condition; lots 26x
IUO feet each. EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
___^ 638 Market st.
A GREAT BARGAIN.
HANDSOME HOME.
AT HALF ITS VALUE.
m»opnn modern RESIDENCE of 8
tJpOtJUv, rooms and bath near Castro and 20th
•tr.; substantially built; only 4. years old; cost
about $6000: selling at this sacrifice to close an
estate; lot 25x97:6 feet.
KASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
638 Market st.
BIG BARGAINS. . IN CHOICE LOTS.
FOR BUILDING. FOR SPECULATION
©/lOnn SUTTER ST., NR. DEVISADERO;
tJ'T'—UU. 30:6x164: just the place lor flats.
$4000— NW. cor. Church and Army; 88x80;
business corner.
$3400—2 choice lots on Presidio Heights; 50x
127:8; reduced from $4000.
$3500— Washington, nr. Devisadero ; 30 ;
street bltuminized.
$3250— Valiejo, near on; 51:6x137:6; marine
view; very cheap.
$3000— Baker, near Oak; 25x90:10; overlook-
ini: the park panhandle. . ' .
$2100— Clayton, near Page; 25x106:3; reduced
from $8000.
$1100— Lake, near Second aye.: 25x102:6; th«
choicest part of Richmond.
$900— 6 lots in Excelsior Homestead; 150x100;
a safe speculation.
• $800—1 st., near 12th aye.; 25x100: easy terms.
$750— 10 th aye., near California; 25x120; very
cheap,
$400— 25 th aye., near Point Lobos: 25x120;
graded; street macadamized.
JSAbTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.
ffijQKfin JUST FINISHED: ELKGANT 2-
«4POI)UU. story bay-window house of 7 rooms;
latest Improvements; cash $500. Bryant aye.,
near Twenty-first st.
Q_Qnn NEW COTTAGE AND LOT; 5 RMS.;
tjPOUI/. hard finished. Inquire 210 Andover
ay»., bet. Crescent and East aye., Holly Park Tract.
QJjOl AA COTTAGE 6 ROOMS AND BATH
w£X\J\J. on lot 60x122, near station; terms
easy; $400: lot 40x120; $25 down, $5 monthly.
CHARLKS A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery st.
■EXCHANGE— SAN RAFAEL KhSTDKNCE;
XJ 8 rooms, etc. : accepted street: value $4000,
will exchange for city residence. J. 11. ROCHE,
San Rafael.
e )(\f\C\ NEW bay-window cottage;
<Jp_iUUU. lot 25x100; part cash; bargain. F-,
box 39, Call Oflice. • '
fIT«£»7C WORTH DOUBLE; LOT ON LOM-
«JpU I «->. bard St.; easy>terms. 1128 Valiejo st.
WHY PAY RENT? :.;->:--
'i When you run buy cheap on easy terms'one of
the finest nouses of 8 and 10 rooms In the Pan-
handle, east side of Cole st., near Waller: all
modern improvements; street to be bituminized;
large lots, 25x125. Owner on premises.
UST BE SOLD IX THE NEXT 10 DAYS.
$10,000— See this beautiful business corner;
BW. cor. Foisom and 21st sts; 95x90: offer wanted.
$2750— 2 lots 25x1C0 each; N. side of Page su,
37 feet from Shrader; bet. Shrader and Stanyan
offer wanted. Inquire 1205 Market st.
ARGAIN; SACRIFICE: NO REASONABLE
offer refused; beautiful home; grand view;
large grounds; water, stable, etc. : would exchange.
SHaDBI'RNE. 415 Montgomery st.
UUSTANTIAL, MODERN HOUSK BUILT
at from $150 to $275 a room: call and see
plans. JAMES McCONAUEY, 1149 Mission st.
A COB HE? If AN, REAL ESTATE, HAS
removed to 11 Montgomery st.
T.-'OR SALE. CHEAP— TWO 2-STORY HOUSES;
X lot 27:6x85; 7 rooms; bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking
tubes; stone walks. On Waller St., near Stanyan,
half block from Golden Gate Park.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
rnRADK nortiier n~cT£?f ornia a"n d
A Oregon property, one or both, for lot or house
and lot in city or for rooming-house from 10 rooms
up: central: fine furniture. Address F. F., box
133, Call Oflice. ■' .
1 C ACRES XEaK LOS ANGELES, BEST
±O valley land, to exchange for Oakland, Ala-
meda or Berkeley property. Apply to H. C.
DECKER, 1020 Market st.
f.AA BARGAINS— WHAT DO YOU WANT?
O\J\J 20 houses and lots from $1250 to.. .$lO,OOO
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 80,000
100 busiuess places, all kinds, from $50 to. 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels from $200 to. 3,000
. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st., opposite Fifth.
O EXCHANGE— AN ELEGANT SUMMER
villa in Santa Cruz Mountains for clear city
properly. CHARLES COLTON, 906 Market St.
Qi^nnn elegant new 9-room house
<IpUUv/l/. with bath and all modern improve-
ments on line corner lot in choice part of Oakland;
easy terms or exchange equity on farm or stock of
goods. Address R., box 114, Call Office.
"TT'OR EXCHANGE— FOR PROPERTY IN OAK-
-T land or vicinity: 3-0 acres, level land, in artes-
ian belt, Tulare County; near located line of
Valley road to Bakersfield. Address A. TUSIN,
Call Office, Oakland.
If OR SALE OR EXCHANGE— ELEGANT SAN
-T Francisco residence; also Berkeley lots. CUR-
TIS & BOWLEY CO., 310 Safe Deposit building.
1 f)O|\ ACRES TIMBER LAND, KERN CO.;
J —.CM* water: fine for cattle-raisine. N..bx.l6.Cail
PROPERTY WANTED.
WA NTED^IM PROVED OR UNIMPROVED
lot in vicinity of Ocean View or Colma: must
be a bargain. I. p., box 103, Call office.
LEGAL NOTICES.
■VfOTICE IS HEREBY GIVEN BY ORDER OF
JIM th ■ Board of Directors of the San Francisco
and :-an Joaquin Valley r.ailway Company that a
meeting of the stockholders of said company has
b^en called by said board, to be held on TUES-
DAY, the 16th day of June, 1896, at 3 o'clock in
the afternoon, at the principal place of business of
said company, at the building where the said
Board of Directors usually meets, namely, at the
oflice of said company, No. 321 Market street, In
the city and county of Kan Francisco, In the State
of California; that the object of said meeting is to
consider and act upon the proposition that said
company create a bonded indebtedness of six mil-
lion dollars ($6,000,000) in gold coin of the United
States, for the purpose of raising money to com-
plete the construction and equipment of the rail-
road of this corporation from the city and county
of San Francisco to the town of Bakersfield, in the
county of Kern, State of California, and to pur-
chase and pay for any other property within the
purposes of said company, and to secure the
bonded indebtedness so proposed to be created by
a mortgage or trust deed upon the railroad anil
railroad lines and other property of said company
now owned or hereafter to be acquired by said
company. * '
By order of the Board lof ■ Directors of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Railway Com-
Pa rOorporate seal.] ALEXANDER MACK IK.
Secretary the San Francisco aud San i Joaquin
Valley Railway Company.
A WARD OF CONTRACTS— AT A MEETING
J\. of the Board of New City Hall Commissioners,
held June 3, 1896, the following resolution w.as
passed to print: •-
Resolved. That Contract No. 84, work and
materials in the rotunda and tower-dome, be
awarded the San Francisco .Novelty and Plating
Works for $83.31146. That Contract No. 85,
marble and lie work in rotunda and tower-dome
be awarded the California Travertine Co.. first
floor. $16,584; second tier of gallery, W. H. Mc-
Cormick, $4156 80; grand stairway. W. H. Mc-
Cormick, $5361 50. For plain glass, contract No.
86, be awarded F. N. Woods &Co., $900. That
Contract No. 88, electrical elevator, northeast
wing, be awarded Cahill & Hall Co. for $3675, and
that the same pass to print. n :
Ayes— Commissioners Taylor, Creswell, Broder-
Ick. J. J. McCAKTHY, Secretary.
TTNITKD STATES CIRCUIT COURT, NINTH
U Judicial Circuit, Northern • District of Cali-
fornia. ' ' ' ' . : ♦ ' '
In the matter of a special session of said Circuit
Pursuant to section 68 4 of the Revised Statutes
of the United States It is .
Ordered that a special session of the Circuit
Court of the United States of America of the
Ninth Judicial Circuit, in and for the Northern
District of California, be and hereby Is appointed
to be held at the courtroom of .said court in the
United Slates Appraisers' building, in the City
and County of Sau Francisco, in said district, on
Friday, the 12th day of June, In the year of our
Lord one thousand eight hundred and ninety-six,
at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. •
Witness my hand and seal at the City and
County of San Francisco this twenty-sixth day of
May, A. D. 1896. ' ■■■ .'■.:;;
Seal. [Signed] ■' JOSEPH McKENNA.
United States Circuit Judge, Ninth Judicial Dis-
; - trict.~ •-■- ■■■-•. ->-•■ ■ .■■ ■ ■ ■; '
To BARRY BALDWIN Esq., United States
Marshal, Northern District of California, ;-.-,.
And W. J. COSTIGAN Esq., Clerk United States
Circuit Court, >.ortneru District of California.
, _ COUNTRY REAL ESTATE. ' _
©O'APER ACRE: 15 ACRES OF THE
♦ipOtJU finest full-bearlns orange grove In the
State: on main line of railroad at Penryn: all
under high state of cultivation and under irriga-
tion canal. This property will pay for itself In '2
years. No such property lias ever been offered be-
fore tor less than $1000 per acre. Examine this
at once.
ALSO- HO ACRES CHOICE LAND IN SAME
location: mostly In bearing fruits and under
high state of cultivation; at $175 per acre; cheap
at»3oO. ■ -
<sn C\Of\ la °° acres: A FINK stock
•IPX«J.\M 117. ranch in x ana County; all fenced;
30 acres vineyard; good house} large barns: plenty
of water; all tne implements: some stock: 200
acres under cultivation, 600 more can be if wanted;
will sell or exchange; must be handled at once, as
owner has other business to attend to. Submit
only first-clasH properties. Will entertain Los
Angeles property.
EDWIN K. ALSIP <fc CO.,
Room 29, second floor, Mills building.
E\C\C\ AN ISLAND OF 15 ACRES IN THIS
'iPOXJXJJ Russian River; house and barn: all
first-class bottom land. An elegant summer villa
with 15 acres in the Santa Cruz Mountains.
CHARLKS COLTON. 906 Market St.
Mil! SALE— PLEASANT HOME, 5 ROOMS:
r 4 lots, 200x120 (half acre) fine place for poul-
ry or flowers. WILLIAM LAMBERT. Mlllbrae.
VOX SALE— RANCH OF 582 ACRES NEAR
-T Half moon .bay: 200 acres in grain; balance
suitable for agricultural or stock: plenty of living
water: large house: barns; grain bins; hogsheads;
4-horsepower mill: price $30 per acre; worth $45.
PRENTIS3. room 30, Flood building. _^_
a&KnOli FOR ALE or EXCHANGE: 10
t\p\J\J\J\J. acres planted all varieties fruit; 4-
room house, windmill, horse and cart and all farm-
ing utensils included. Apply F.B. HOOSON. Hay-
wards.
(Ji/'^nn FOOTHILL HOME; 5 ACRES IN
«j!UUUI/. San Mateo County: 25 miles from
San Francisco; hair mile from railroad: modern
house; 9 large rooms, bath, etc. ; tine stable for 4
horses. C. S. MERRILL, room 8, floor 8. Mills
Building, San Francisco. ' .
1 (\i\ ACRES GOVERNMENT LAND; FINE
ll)U home; cheap. 20 O'Farrell st., room 4.
RUIT ORCHARD INVESTMENT; WILL
-F net SO per cent; 30 acres peach, apricot, prune
and pear, selected especially for canning and dry-
ing; cannery near that will make rive year's con-
tract for fruit; best and safest fruit orchard propo-
sition in the Slate. JOHNT. HALL. Alameda, Cal.
A LAMBDA LAND COMPANY, 57. CHRONI-
xx cle bide., are selling choice fruit lands, lV^hrs
from fan Francisco, at 35 per acre; title pt-rfect.
ARIN COUNTY— 3OOO ACRES «6 MILES
from city? Lo s any size; fruit, grain, vegeta-
ble land; rail or water transit; $40 to $75 per
acre; terms to suit. syndicate Investment Com-
pany, 65 Chronicle building. ■
OR HOMES IN LOSG4TOB OR ORCHARDS
in the vicinity or in Santa Cruz Mountains call
or address C. R. STETSON, box 298, with B. H.
Noble <& Co.
ENDFOROUK LIST OF ORCHARD HOMKS
for tale. WOOSTKR <fe WHITTON. San Jose.
T ITTLK HOMES CLOSK TO TOWN; 1317
XJ proved; easy terms; also 4, 6 and 12 acrs
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small bouse, etc. D. H. TWINU, Sonoma
City. Inquire 632 Market st. S. F.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
D"~ ON^TIPATiKENTr" '.
For sale at a sacrifice, new cottage of 6 rooms
011 Fruitvale aye.: lot 75x175; on sunny sideof
street: splendid fruit trees on this lot; price $3000:
only $50 down and $20 per month; In the same
bock cottage of 6 rooms: lot 30x175; price $1800;
will sell on the same terms: don't buy without look-
ins; at these beautiful homes, surrounded by beau-
tiful flower gardens; electric cars pass the door:
this property must be sold as tne owner is going
East; make offer; also on Mozart street, Alameda,
cottage of 6 rooms: lot 50x150; price $3800, on
easy payments: also property for exchange. Ap-
ply to P. KELLY, 459 Ninth St., Oakland.
pOZY HOME; $3250. CASH $1250; 5 ROOMS,
\J porcelain bath; choice flowers; greenhouse:
cement waiks: near churches and schools;
centrally located: will net. purchaser 7 per cent;
owner will remain as tenant or vacate; principals
only. Address K. CRAG, Call Office, Oakland.
ffl»9Mfin HOUSE 8 ROOMS; LOT 30x115:
tJp^UUU. near station: must be sacrificed on
account departure. Apply A. J. TAIT, 1566
Seventh st., Center station, Oakland.
<£ftnnO To LOAN UN GOOD SECURITY
(IpUUUU at 12 per cent: money on hand: no
commission. J. K. EDSON, 908 Broadway. Oak-
land.
©97-/1 READ! READ READ! $30 PER
«Ir^" • O\J . month and no cash down for a new
modern 8- room house: bath: lot 35x125. ALDEN
& CO., 902 Broadway, Oakland.
OR RENT— SEVERAL HOUSES; $4 TO $10.
Inquire MRS. M. P. McCOUkTNEY, cor. For-
Ueth st. anil Telegraph aye.. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES TO LET.
HANDSOMELY FURNISHED HOUSE AN D
grounds; first-class neighborhood; 2 blocks
from depot: 10 rooms and bath: to rent or lease.
961 Madison St.. Oakland.
OAKLAND OBIS AND BOARDING.
OuItTE^NTII AND cXsTRO^TO LET\
with board, 2 front rooms furnished; southern
and eastern exposure. 1203 Castro at. '
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
"2TQ^r~i :: u ßNiT uiirE~4^^
'7 l •'• HAAS', 408 Eleventh m., Oakland.
MEW FURNITURE OF 8 ROOMS AND KITCH-
Ii en for pale on account of sickness; suitable for
rooming-house: price $225. Address M. M., box
3. Call Offlce, Oakland. ■ '
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— PARK STREET.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
MARCUSE EEMMKL, CONTRACTORS
and builders, Bay-street station, Alameda,
Cal., telephone &
$-'200— 525 cash, $20 monthly; 37:6 frontage;
handsome new colonial cottage; 5 rooms and bath.
$2450-$25 cash, $22 50 monthly: 63x117; cot-
tage of 5 rooms and bath.
$2800— No cash, $25 monthly; 35x100: sunny
corner house; 7 rooms and bath.
*3000— No cash: 825 monthly; 37:6x100; NW.
corner: cottage; 5 rooms.
$3250—6 rooms and bath, to be built to order, in
elegant location.
Several special bargains in lots. 1
, Houses and stores to let from $10 up.
Open Sundays and holidays.
t(>A(in - BEAUTIFUL NEW MODERN
tJUUUU. two-story house, finely finished and
beautifully frescoed; large rooms; Central aye.,
one Dlock west of Park st.; it will surely please
you: investigate; terms to suit. G. B. M. GRAY,
463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
BARGAIN— $1850; NEAR BROADWAY; LOT
45x150; house of six rooms; $350 cash;
balance $13 36 per month. WILLIAM P. TODD,
1002 Broadway, Oakland.
T>SIF.S~BUILT ON TERMS WITHIN THE
reach of all ; rare chance to secure a home on
easy terms: 4, 5, 6 and 7 room cottages and 2-story
dwellings on easy terms; from $2000 up: $150
cash; balance on easy monthly payments to suit.
Address A. R. DENKE. real estate, architect and
builder. 1502 Seventh si. . Alameda. -■•>-;.
ALAMEDA ROOMS TO LET.
S^^R^^mcTs^^R^olasT^Uß^i^HED^^FOß
housekeeping: very convenient. 3219Briggs ay
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
"tOSEPh"'^' MASON,' REAL AND
O Insurance agent, Berkeley station, adjoining
bank. • -
GOOD HOMES FOR RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. 'O. G. MAY «ft CO., real estate 1
and buildlnc. 2123 Center St.. Berkeley.
Berkeley houses.
or r^nT^choicest? locatioiT^n
Berkeley: lot 100x270; fruits and flowers ga-
lore: 8 rooms, bath, laundry, etc; all beautifully
furnished; to first-class tenant long term. See
CAPTAIN MORRISON, Berkeley.
IpOR RENT— FURNISHED HOUSE: 6 ROOMS
' andbatn; piano; $25 '^014 Virginia st., near
ShattncK aye.. Berry station. r^.
MONEY TO LOAN. ! •
IST A V!D MORTGAGES: INTERESTS IN E3-
JL tales west rates;no deIay.MURPHY,62BMrkt.
A DVANCKSONDIA-MONDS.JEWELKY, KTO
J\ Columbia Loan & Collateral Office. 9 Grant aye.
lOANS ON REAL ESTATE IST OR 2ND
''mortgages, furniture or pianos; no removal; any
amount; low rates. BECKER, 3'JB Montgomery.
A DVANCES ON DIAMONDS, WATCHES.
■£*- jewelry, also on furniture, pianos, without re-
moval: lowest rates. BALDWIN JEWELRY
STORE V Market st.; open evenings.
A NY AMOUNT: IST. 2D or 3D MORTUAOES:
xx estates, undivided interests, real estate In oro-
bate. McCOLGAN.^24 Montgomery, room 3.
OAKS ON BONDS, DIAMONDS, WATCHES,
jewelry, silverware, sealskins, silks and instru-
ments: interest low: private entrance: private
rooms; is. reel attendants, at UNCLE HARRIS,
15 Grant aye. - ■ . . . . ,
ONEY LYING JDLE: TAKE AT $5 INTER-
fst per month for each $1000; same rate sec-
ond mortgage or lite insurance. Coin, box 2. Call."
VI ONEY LOANED ON JKWISLRY ANO
111 other valuables at the Security Loan Offics,
ll(!6Marketst..nr. Mason: private entrance 7 Turlc
I \IRECT ON YOUR FURNITURE OR PIANO;
XJ no removal: no delays;: no commissions: low
Interest. Rm. 68, Donohue bldg, 1170 Market st.
OS. B. TOPLITZ HAS $100,000 TO LOAN ON
v life insurance policies, 33u Pine at. .'^ ■;■ '
T OANS ON FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
XJ diamonds: confidential. Room 107. 6 Eddy st
,■"-■' PAWNBROKERS. '
T 128 KEAKSY ST.. ROOM S^MONKY
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc; low rates: pri«
TMe rooms; elevator; pledges for gal 4 cUe*p,
LOST.
1" N THE VICINITY OF FOURTH OR FOLdOM!
X sts.. a leather satchel containing a pair of opera
glasses. Liberal reward if returned to Clara St.
FEMALE PJJG DOG: 4 MONTHS OLD;
name, Dolly. Return 783^2 Market st ;reward.
7 OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
XJ Savings ana Loan Society of San Francisco, la
the name "of ANNIE RICHARDS. No.
70408. The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBERNIA
Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
thenameof MAX KOLANDER, No. 128725. The
finder will please return to bank.
DIVORCJi PKOCJtKUXNUd. .
Suits fllei: .
Lizzie G. Noell rgalnst Ransome A. Noell.
Marie V. Levy against Julius Levy.
Nellie Davidson against William Davidson.
Annie Dougherty against James J. Dougherty.
Divorces granted :
- Mrs. K. L, Strachan from H. G. Strachan: will-
ful neglect: Judge Murphy.
Martha A. Griffin from John L. Griffin; failure
to provide. . • .* ■-.)>
Celia Gilligan from John T. Gilligan; willful
neglect and failure to provide.
BIRTHS— MIRIAGES— DKAim
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by xo.\\\
will not be inserted. They mast be handed la at
either of the publication offices and be indorse!
with the name and residence of persons authorize!
to have the same published.]
BORN.
ENGELBREGHT— In Seattle, May 31, 1896, to
the wife of Robert T. Engelbreght, a son.
HOG AN— ln this city. June 6, 1896, to the wife of
J. J. Hogan, a son.
HOLSTEIN— In Alameda, June 5, 1896, to the
wife of R. O. Holsteln, a son.
NIX— In Oakland, June 5, 1896, to the wife of S.
G. Nix. a son.
SCHURMANN-In this city, June 7, 1896, to lbs
wife of F. W. Schurmann. a son.
WORRALL— In this city, May 30,1896, to the wife
of Albert Worrall, a daughter.
MARRIED.
ANDERSEN— HAKSBN- In Oakland, June 5,
1896. by the Rev. I. L. P.Dletnchson, Jens H.
Andersen and Sophie M. Hansen.
BENAS— SANZET— In this city, June 6, 1896,
by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Maries Benasof Vailejo
and Lena sanzet of San Francisco.
BUTLER— PA LA DINI— In this city, June 6,1896,
by G. F. Cook, Peter C. Butler and Amalia Pala-
din 1.
OMAN— LEARY— In this city, June 7, 1896, by
the Rev. W. a. Urmy, Joseph Oman and Mary
Leary, both of San Francisco.
SPITZER— TRAYNOR— In this city, June 8,
1896, by the Rev. William H. Tubb, Jules Hugo
Spit zer and Fanny Traynor, both of San Fran-
cisco.
TOD— CRABBE— In this city, June 2, 1896, by
the Rev. W. S. Urmy, James Tod and Eliza
Bruce Crabbe, both of San Francisco.
WOLFE— GOLDSMITH— In this city, May 28,
1896, by the Rev. M. S. Levy. Hyman E. Wolfe
and Minnie Goldsmiih. , ■ v
illicit.
Brettshneider. Fritz Lindley, Thomas M.
Christie, Isabella P. McCredden, Edith F.
Denehy, James J. Mandich. Gllgo
Driscoll, Margaret Moran, Milton J.
Flood, James Norris, H. F.
Glenn, John H. Oster, H annah M.
Gilligan, Mary l'eterson, Charles
Hickey, Emmet Peterson. Alda L.
llardman, Elizabeth Schwartz, Phillip
King, Stephen G. Sullivan, Dan
Swanson, Ullie V.
BRETTSHNKIDER— In this city, June 7, 1896,
. Fritz, beloved husband of Kathrine Brett-
shneider, a native of Germany, aged 66 years
and 6 days.
£9"Frienas and acquaintances are r*si>ect-
f»"y invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. if., from the par-
lors of Charles J. B. .Meizier, 636 Washington
street. Interment i. O. O. F. Cemetery,
CHRISTIE— In this city, June 8, 1896, Isabella
P., beloved daughter of Margaret P. and George
Christie, and sister of Margaret Christie, a na-
tive of California, aged 27 years 9 months and
10 days.
JO-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday'), at 2 o'clock p. M., from the par-
lors of the Golden Gate Undertaking Company,
2429 Mission street, near Twenty-first, inter-
ment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DENEHY— In this city, June 7. 1893, James Jos-
eph, dearly beloved son of Cornelius and Mary
Denehy, in<l brother of Daniel, Mamie and Neil
Denehy, a native of Smar;svllle, Yuba County,
Cal., aged 19 years 8 months and 29 days.
Marvsvilie papers please copy.J
Frienas < and acquaintances are resoact-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 8:E0 o'clock a. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents. 12 Morris avenue, off Har- .
rison street, between Fifth and Sixth, thence to
St. Rose's Church, where ii requiem high
mass will b> celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock a. m. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
DRISCOLL— In this city. June 8 1896, Margaret,
beloved wife of Daniel Driscoll, a native of Ire-
land. >,ged 65 years.
Orlnterme it private. Please omit flowers.
FLOOD— In the City and Co-.inty Hospital, June
8, 1896, James Flood, aged 35 years.
GILLIGAN— In Oakland June 8, 1896, Mary, be-
loved wife of James Gillizan, and mother of Ed-
ward F., James, Thomas, Nellie, Jennie, Annie,
Mrs. Vincent Chloupeck and Mrs. Ernest Brown,
a native of County Sligo. Ireland, aged 72 years.
. j(hi~NO[iceof funeral hereafter.
GLENN— In this city, June 8, 1896. John H., be-
loved husband of Hat tie A. Glenn, a native of Ht.
Paul, Minn, aged 45 yea 8 months and 25 days.
[St. Paul (Minn.) papers please copy.J
HARDMAN-In Alameda. June 7, 1896. Eliza-
beth Hardman,' wife of the late James H. Hard-
man, a native of Philadelphia, Pa., aged 80
years 2 months and 26 days.
trW Friends and acquaintances aw 'respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. M.. from her late resi-
dence, corner Pacific avenue aad Chestnut street.
Interment private.
HICKEY— In the City and County Hospital, June
8, 1896, Emmet Hickey, aged 38 years.
KlNG— in Marvsvilln. June 6, 1898, Stephen O.
King, a native of San Francisco.
LINDLEY— In Sacramento, Juno 6, 1896, Th0mas
Morton Lindley, a native of Indiana, age! 76
years 9 months and 28 days.
MCCREDDEN— In Oakland, June 6. 1896. Edith
F. McCredden, a native of Nevada, aged 23
years and 8 months.
MANDiea— ln this city, June 7. 1896, Glieo
Mandich, beloved nephew of Nicholas Kujaclcn,
and cousin of Milo.s Mandich, a native of Ka-
meno. Bocche dl Cattaro, Austria, aged 18 years
10 months and 18 days.
JO-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the hall of
the Servian-Montenerrin L. and B. Society,
thence to Russian Church. Interment Russian
Cemetery. ,
MORAN— In this city, June 7, 1896. Milton J.,
beloved son of James and the late Man- Moran,
a native of San Francisco, aged 6 years and 7
month?.
AST Friends and acquaintances Are respect-
fully Invited to attend tiie funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clock p. m., from the resi-
dence of his parents. 336 Eleventh avenue, oft!
Point Lobos road. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery.
NORRIS— June 7, 1896, H. F. Norris.
»S"The relatives and friends of the family are
respectfully invited to attend the funeral
THIS DAY (Tuesday), at 11 o'clock a. m.,
from first Baptist Church, Berkeley, Dwighc
way station. .
ORTEH— In this city, June 7, 183 6. Hannah" K.
Oster (nee Hickey). relict of the late Harry P.
Oster and dearly beloved mother of Ed ward J.,
George W. and F. J. Oster, a native Of County
Waterford, Ireland, aged 71 years 2 months and
2 days. \
jgr Interment private, Holy Cross Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city, June 7, 1896. Alda
Lourina Peterson, belov' d daughter of Edgart
and Amanda Peterson, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 5 y ear 3 7 months and 27 days.
JtS"Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. si., from the residence
or her parents, 2001 Va Duoont street. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
PETERSON— In this city. June 7, 1896, Charles
Peterson, a native of Sweden, aged 30 years.
tST Friends and acquaintances and members of
the Pacific Marine Firemen's Union are re-
spectfully invited to attend the funeral THIS
Day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock p. m., from the un-
dertaking parlors of McGinn Bros.. 31 Eddy
street. Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
SCHWARTZ— In this city. June 7, 1896, Phillip,
beloved brother of Henry Schwartz, Mrs. M.
Jacobs . and Mrs. S. Falk, a native of Rogasen,
Prussia, aged 68 years.
AS" Friends and - acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Tuesday), at 10:15 o'clock a.m., from B'nal
B'ritb Hall, 121 Eddy street. Interment Hills of
Eternity Cemetery, by 11 :30 o'clock a. m. train
.from Tnird and Townsend streets.
SULLIVAN— In this city, June 7, 1896, Daniel
Sullivan, a native of Ireland, aged 41 years.
SWANSON— this city, June 7, 1896, Lillie V,
beloved daughter of Victoria Wagner, mother of
Hazel Swanson, and sister of Jennie. Bertie and
John Wagner and Mrs. D. White, and Mrs. L.
Keller, a native of Nashville, Term., aged 'A'l
years and 4 months. <
»j#~Fr!ends and acquaintance* are rMn*?--
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from the par-
lon of H. C. Porter & Co.. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
T MCAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIEKCTOES £ RHBALHKRS,
80 Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln.
Telephone 3080.
IJas. McMenomky. CHAS. McMkxomkt.
JAMES KaMßlOian & SON,
UNDERTAKERS AND KMBALMERS,
1057 Mission Street, Near Seventh.
Telephone No. 3354.
AS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMEIt*
FUNERAL DIRECTORS,
19 Van Ness aye., near Market St., San Franclica
Telephone So, 156.
1516
CORBETT AND SHARKEY WILL MEET.
They Have Signed Articles
for a Four-Round
Contest.
TWO CHAMPIONS AGREE.
The Referee Will Decide Who
Is the Better Man After "
the Battle.
THE M DEAW" CLAUSE CUT OUT.
A License Has Been Awarded the
National Athletic Club to Bring
Off the Affair.
San Francisco. June 8, 1896.
We, the undersigned, James J. Cor
bett of San Francisco and Thomas
Sharkey or the same place, agree to
contest in a boxing boat of four rounds
before the National Athletic Club of
thin City, on June »4,' 1896, at a place
to be selected by said club on the fol
lowing conditions, to wit:
First— he National Athletic Club and
Thonia-i Sharkey agree that should the
latter be awarded the decision his com
pensation to be 35 per cent of the net
receipts, and in the event of a draw
his compensation to be 25 per cent of
the net receipts. '
Second— The National Athletic Club
and Thomas Sharkey agree that James
,1. Corbett shall receive 50 per cent of
the gross receipt*.
Third— "We both agree that the referee
■ hall I award his decision to the party
v. ho, in his judgment, shall have done
the most effective work and who will
appear the. stronger and in the better
condition at the expiration of the four
rounds.
Fourth — We further agree that the ref
• ree shall be selected at the ringside
and that he shall be agreeable to both
contestant*.
Fifth— We agree that in the event that
the principals cannot agree upon a ref
eree then the National Athletic Club
■hall select one.
Sixth— We agree that the contest shall
be governed by the Marquis of Queens
berry rules and that the gloves shall be
of regulation size, viz., five-ounce
glove*.
Seventh — We both agree to be in good
physical condition and ready and will
ing to enter the ring at 9 o'clock on said
evening to carry out. the above agree
ments. JAMKS J. COKBKTT,
1). J. LYNCH
(For Thomas Sharkey),
J. J. GROOM
(For National Athletic Club).
With but a single exception the articles
of agreement published above are correct
in respect to the coming meeting of Jim
Corbett and Tom Sharkey.
The exception is to article fifth in re
pard to the referee, in whose power lies so
much.
Corbett, surrounded by a hundred men.
prominent in almost every professional
career, crowding his brother Harry's sa
loon, chatted with his Iriends. Used to
such gatherings, he paid absolutely no at
tention to the throng whicn was being
kept away from the curtained side office
by a dozen sturdy fellows, who from time
to time grabbed some too enthusiastic
admirer and ran him out of the place.
"I'll sign the articles as soon as I am
satisfied they are all right," Corbett an
swered, when asked if he really meant to
meet Sharkey.
"We have come to an understanding
and the articles have been read to me, but
that isn't the thing; I'm going to read
them myself as soon as you newspaper
men get through copying them.
"You see," he said, "I've seen Sharkey's
people and everybody else in this affair
twice or oftener each day, ana I have set
tled with tnem each time on one basis or
another. But when the articles have come
up aome hitch or hurdle not contemplated
had to be jumped. I want to read those
articles myself and be sure they're right."
Big Jim did not have to declare himself
again, the articles being presented to him
immediately for perusal.
"Here, Lynch!" Corbett exclaimed after
a moment or two of reading. "This isn't
ri«ht. Hut that's so — I forgot to tell you
about it."
He wa< pointing to article V, reading:
Fifth— We agree that in the event the prin
cipala cannot agree upon a reteree then the
National Athletic Club shall .select.
"But then," he said after a moment's
consideration, "we can Jet the articles
stand as they are. What do you say to a
side agreement that we meet two days be
fore the contest and select our referee?"
Danny Lynch, the horseman, who has
taken Torn Sharkey under his wing and
who has brought about the meeting with
Corbett, thought the proposition just the
thing.
"Yes," added Corbett; "that will save
us all kinds of trouble at the last moment.
That's understood, isn't it. Lynch? We'll
select a referee two days betore the contest
takes place; we'll get some good man who
will De satisfactory to ali concerned."
"That goes, 1 ' answered the horseman.
So the articles as signed are all right ex
cepting that slight change.
Tdere is nothing more in the way of Jim
Corbett showing his San Francisco friends
the improvement he has made since he
was seen here years ago at the old Califor
nia Athletic Club in his draw against Peter
Jackson, excepting, perhaps, the authori
ties.
Under ordinary circumstances, the Na
tional Athletic Association would have no
fear whatever of bringing off the four
round go without interference. It is dif
ferent in this case. There are factions at
work at the present time endeavoring to
impede the contest being brought to a
NEW TO-DAT.
THE PMZE/y KANSAS
BABYy^^y CITY
Cured oT^^^J^jj the
Disfiguring \, - CBTICIIRA
ECZEMA REMEDIES
: Our baby when three weeks old was badly af-
flicted with Eczema. Her head, arms, neck, limbs,
• and nearly every joint in her body was raw and
bleeding when we concluded to try Cuticera
Remedies. We began with Ccticcra (oint-
ment) and CuTicuitA Soap, and after the first
application we could see a change. After we had
used them one week some of the sores had healed
entirely, and ceased to spread. In less than a
month, she was free from scales and blemishes, and
to-day has as lovely skin and hair as any child.
She was shown at the Grange Fair, and took a
premium as the prettiest baby, over sixteen ethers
MR. £(sfss. Pakk. 1609 Belleriew Are., Kan. City.
Bo'< •TtrTvntr*. Ton** Dbvq * Chm-Cost., Boston,
conclusion. People who believe that they
should be recognized as leaders in pugi
listic events are beginning to form other
athletic clubs, or to bolster up clubs that
have died out, hopiDg either to force the
authorities to recognize them, or else pre
vent Corbett's appearance.
Aside from that, there are two very bit
ter clans which will not understand" why
Corbett did not give their respective
champions— Cnoynski and Joe McAuliffe —
a chance to meet him.
If these elements do not interfere with
the granting of the license by the Mayor
for the four-round go, Jim Corbett believes
it will come off.
The meeting has been the talk of the
sport-loving people of the City for three
days, Corbett being regarded mainly as
making a "bad break" in accepting any
proposition from a man so far in the pugi
listic fog as Sharkey. There is nothing
but the few dollars for him to win and he
is taking chances of losing a reputation,
which is worth a fortune to him, by some
accidental blow. Sharkey is regarded
quite properly as a man who can take a
great deal of punishment, and to knock
him out or even best him so as to have
that result apparent to the referee, Corbett
must necessarily injure his hands, which
would prove many points against him in
any other and more important engage
ment.
"I don't care for that," Corbett said yes
terday. "1 want to meet Sharkey who is
considered a hard man, so that 1 may
show my Iriends I am all right. I don t
know whether I will be able to knock him
out, but I do feel I will give him such an
amount of punishment that I will be de
clared the winner.
"The fight may last but a single round.
I can't tell how he'll act. If he wants to
protect himself and not try to get at me
I'll never be able to get him out. If he
fights and tries to get me out that's differ
ent.
"I'm on a pleasure trip here and I do
not propose to go into severe training for
the purpose of permitting Sharkey to
stand up before meforfourroiindsor less."
His trainer will be the well-known Billy
Delaney, and he will be assisted by George
Green, better known as "Young Corbett."
He will train at the Olympic Club, and get
down to work there to-day.
Sharkey, the sailor lad, will go into ac
tive training to-day at the Acme Athletic
Club in Oakland. His training will also
be. confined chiefly to handball. If he gets
tired of the came, there is plenty of muscle
and wind producing apparatus in the big
gymnasium of the club for him to play
with. He has been exercising moderately
there every day since he met Williams at
the Pavilion the other night and carried
off a $1500 sack. Tom Sharkey's trainer
will be Danny Need ham.
CORBETT TALKS RULES.
Wrong Impressions Extant in Ra
gard to Striking When Clinched.
Corbett, when asked if it was right for a
pugilist to strike an opponent in a clinch,
said that a large number of sporting peo-
THOMAS SHARKEY.
pie were under the impression that when
two men were clinched they should not
make an attempt at hitting until separated
by the referee.
"Now, let me tell you," said the cham
pion, '"that the sooner the sporting public
understand the Queensberry rules the
better it will be for boxing, and all those
who are concerned in it.
"I have frequently heard the spectators
of a boxing match shout like demons at a
referee when the latter failed to give a con
test against a boxer who had struck his
opponent during a clinch.
•'Mind you, according to the Queens
berry rules a boxer can strike at an op
ponent when one arm is tree.' 1 And then
Corbett illustrated what he meant by
placing the elbow of his left hand under
the chin of a friend who was listening to
the conversation and gently planting his
right on the friend's ribs.
"Now such a thing as back-heeling is
not according to rule. Then again you
will sometimes note that pugilists tamper
with their gloveß by forcing the padding
back from the knuckles. Tricks like these
are certainly unfair, and the referee should
declare against the perpetrator.
"I find that quite a number of people
who are supposed to know all about box
ing have never read a line of the rules
which govern boxing contests of the pres
ent day, therefore it is no wonder that
very few referees can be got who will de
cide a contest between two men when
there is much money wagered on the re
sult."
The rules of Queensberry mafce no refer
ence to clinching or hitting when clinched,
but it is presumed that the referee must
use Mb best judgment as regards what is
generally considered foul lighting on the
part of either contestant. The Marquis of
Queensberry rules read as follows:
Rule I— Weights: Bantam, all under 118"
feather, 118 to 128; light, 128 to 138: welter'
138 to 148; middle, 148 to 108; heavy, all
over 158.
Rule 2— No wrestling or hugging allowed
The rounds to be three minutes' duration and
one minute allowed for resting between each
round.
Rule 3— ln all contests two time-keepers
shall be appointed and the referee under no
circumstances shall keep time.
Kule4 — During the contest if either man fall
through weakness or otherwise he must get up
unassisted, ten seconds being allowed him to
do so; the other man meanwhile to retire to
his corner, and when the fallen man Is on his
legs the round is to be resumed and continued
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JUNE 9, 1896.
until the three minutes have expired; and if
one man falls to come to the scratch in the
ten seconds allowed the referee shall give his
award in favor of the other man.
Rule 5— A contestant hanging on the ropes
in a helpless state, with his feet on the ground,
shall be considered down. No seconds or any
other persons but the referee to be allowed in
the ring during the round.
Rule 6— When either contestant is knocked
down within the allotted three minutes, he
shall be allowed ten seconds to get on his feet
again, unassisted.
Rule 7—l tie gloves to be fair-sized boxing
gloves ot the best quality, and new. Should a
glove burst or come off, it must be replaced to
the referee's satisfaction. A man on one knee
is considered down, and if struck while in
this position it will be considered foul. No
shoes or boots with spikes allowed.
Rule B— That any pugilist voluntarily quit
ting the ring previous to the deliberate judg
ment of the referee being obtained shall be
deemed to have lost.
Rule 9— That the seconds shall not interfere,
advise or direct the adversary of their princi
pal and shall refrain from all offensive and ir
ritating expressions, in all respects conducting
themselves with order and decorum, and con
fine themselves to the diligent and careful dis
cbarge of their duties to their principals.
Rule 10— If either man shall willfully throw
himself down without receiving a blow,
whether blows shall previously have been ex
changed or not, he shall be deemed to have
lost the battle; but that the rule shall not ap
ply to a mau who in a close slips down from
the grasp of his opponent, or from obvious
reasons.
Rule 11 — If a glove shall burst or come off it
must be replaced immediately to the satisfac
tion of the referee. Any tampering with the
gloves, by forcing the hair from the gloves or
orherwise, shall be considered loul.
Rule 12— An honest and competent referee
who is familiar with the rules shall be chosen,
whose orders shall be promptly obeyed, and
his decisions in all cases shall be final. In
order that exhibitions may be conducted in a
quiet and pleasant manner it is suggested that
the referee should always request all persons
present to refrain, while a contest is in
progress, from any loud expression or demon
stration.
THE PERMIT ISSUED.
The National Club Exhibition Will
Take Place on the 24th Inst.
After having refused to entertain a
resolution offered by Supervisor Diamond
that tbe Mayor be allowed to issue a per
mit for the National Club exhibition that
takes place on the 24th inst., the members
of the Board of Supervisors changed their
minds yesterday afternoon and sub
scribed a petition to the Mayor ' asking
him to sign the permit under the present
existing ordinance. It was represented to
the Supervisors that Corbett, who is to
box Sharkey on that night, is anxious to
leave for England, and that if the exhibi
tion was delayed by an uncertainty an to
the law he might be delayed. Under the
circumstances the members signed.
Acting Mayor Taylor issued the permit.
The board passed to print the boxing
exhibition ordinance yesterday. The
measure provides that for each exhibition
a license of $100 shall be paid, and that
the same shall not tase place except on a
permit issued by the board. The exhibi
tion must be of a purely scientific nature.
SMITH AND DAVIS.
They Will Box Ten Rounds on the
Evening: of the Big Figrht.
At the boxing exhibition at Mechanics'
Pavilion on the evening of the 24th inst.,
tbe event of the evening will be a four-
round boxing bout between Corbett and
Sharkey.
The entertainment will open with a ten
round contest between Billy Smith of
Australia, who boxed at the last exhibition
of the club, and Jack Davis, the champion
heavy-weight of Omaha, who is at present
residing at the Cosmopolitan Hotel and a
guest of Colonel Fahey.
The club intended to match Billy
Gallagher of Los Angeles and Danny
Needham, as the last named boxer was
not satisfied with the result of
his recent match with Gallagher. The
tighter from the orange groves has been
imbibing rather freely of late and
his presence could not be discovered at a
late hour last night, hence the match
now consummated between Smith and
Davis. Smith is in fine form and his
friends are sanguine that he will wnip the
big heavy-weight of Omaha.
The following lotion was put up for
Corbett last night by a leading pharmacy :
1 gal. witchhazel, 1 gal. alcohol, 1 oz. tinc
ture of benzoin.
Billy Delaney, Corbett'a trainer, says
that there is nothing better than this fbr
an athlete to annoint himself withJafter a
good rub down.
HOT TALK BY CHOYNSKI
Thinks He Was Not Treated Right
and Challenges the Champion.
Jce Cnoynski, Corbett'a old opponent,
is a very sore man mentally. He said yes
terday that if Corbett desired to prove to
the people of California that he was not a
physical wreck he should have taken on
somebody else besides Sharkey to satisfy
the public mind on that point.
"When I arrived in this City," said Joe,
"I made up my mind to challenge Corbett
should the latter come to town during my
stay. Now you ,know what Corbett said
in reference* to my challenge. He came
out with the statement that he did not
come here to box anybody and that he
would leave in a week or so to chase Fitz
simmons to England.
"The next thing we heard of Coroett
was his grand-stand play lor the dough,
as he states. Well, bo far ad the dough is
concerned, I cannot see how in the deuce
he can fail to get it in a match witn Shar
key.
"The agreement is so worded that Cor
Champion Jim Affixing His Signature to the Articles of Agreement Whereby He Binds Himself to
Meet Sharkey on the 24th Inst.
DANNY NEEDHAM.
bett is not taking a single chance. Where
Sharkey will eet off I would like to know.
I never read of such an agreement in my
life. It's all for Corbett and nothing for
Sharkey. I suppose Tom will get in some
where on the dough side or otherwise he
would not go on with the champion.
"Why did Corbett not accept of my
offer? I was ready to sign articles that
Billy Delaney.
certainly could not be refused by him.
He whipped me once, that I will allow,
and I whipped him once also in the Olym
pic Club, and Billy Brown handed me $10
after the mill for having taken some of the
starch out of him. He wanted me to
whack up. Just think of it! But I could
not see the point of his joke and pocketed
the coin. He now wants me to get a repu
tation and whip Fitzsimmons or some
good man. I virtually whipped Fitzsim
mons two years ago in the Boston Opera
house.
"We were matched for eight rounds and
in the third round I dropped Fitz on his
back and in the fifth round the police
stopped the contest when I was having all
tbe best of it.
"Well, let bygones be bygones. lam
here to fight and am ready to meet Cor
bett in a contest of from one to ten rounds
at any time and any place. My agreement
will be let the best man win everything,
and if we get together again I promise
you the people of this City will sco some
thing like a contest."
AT THE CITY THEATERS.
Nat Goodwin Scores a Success
With His New Play "In
Mizzoura."
"Brother John" Continues to Draw at
the Columbia— "Miss Jerry"
Told in Pictures.
A warm welcome was given to Nat C.
Goodwin when he appeared at the Baldwin
Theater last night in his new play, "In
Mizzoura." After several of the acts
efforts were made to induce the comedian
to make a speech, but he succeeded in con
fining his acknowledgements to bowing.
"In Mizzoura" is by Augustus Thomas,
author of "Alabama." It has been heralded
as a great success, but so many mediocre
plays are so heralded that theater-goers
grow wary of believing without seeing.
Augustus Thomas' latest effort, how
ever, was weighed by the Baldwin audi
ence and was not found wanting. It is a
drama based rather upon human interest
and emotion than upon elaborate plot or
striking situations. Some of the situa
tions are remarkably effective, though,
particularly the one in which Goodwin, as
Jim Radburn, the Sheriff, sits down-un
armed in front of the cupboard where the
stage robber is concealed and commands
him to come forth.
The story of "In Mizzoura" is based on
the misunderstanding of the Sheriff's real
motives and character by the woman he
loves. He is a rough Missourian, kind
hearted, with a fund of dry wit, but lacking in
anything like artificial polish or culture.
Kate Vernon, the blacksmith's daughter,
craves for the higher education and at Rad
burn 's expense is sent to the seminary. She
returns a woman and not knowing that she
is indebted to the Sheriff for her education
she straightway falls in live with a glittering
scoundrel, who proves to be a stage robber,
and she flouts the faithful Sheriff.
When suspicion fails on Travers, the stage
robber, there is a fracas, in which he shoots a
man, and being hounded by the whole town
flies to Kate Vernon for hiding. Radburn fol
lows and is upbraided by Kate for persecuting
her lover out of jealousy till Radburn, in his
dry, deliberate way, explains that he has come
to offer the fugitive his horse to cross the
State line.
Travers attempts to thank him and to take
his hand, but Radburn draws back, exclaim
ing: "You may have my horse, but I'll be
if I'll shake hands with you."
Despite this unpromiiing condition of affairs
the play has a happy ending. One of the chief
charms of -'In Mizzoura" is the amount of local
coloring which pervades it. The plot is laid
among people In the lower walks of life. One
scene is laia in a blacksmith's shop, another is
the interior of a Missouri cottage, but all the
details are faithfully carried out and there is
picturesqueness in the reßlism of the way in
which the play is staged. Most of the perform
ers assumed the slow, drawling accent as if to
the manner born.
Nat Goodwin was seen to excellent advau
tage as Jim Radburn. He conveyed to the
audience in the most natural way the manli
ness, the slow, dry humor, and the underlying
current of pathos* which were characteristic of
the Sheriff's role. I'requent applause showed
that his efforts met with thorough apprecia
tion. Louis Payne gave a clever rendering to
the part of Dave, a hired man, in love with his
master's daughter, who could not have her till
he got a steady job. "And I can never have an
hour off to get a steady job!" was the haid
workiug Dave's lament.
Clarence Handysides was effective as Joe Ver
non, the blacksmith. So was Frazier Coulter as
Colonel Bollinger, a politician. The other
male roles were in the hands of actors who
made of them careful character studies. As
Kate Vernon, Blanche Walsh was fairly effec
tive, though she was too cold aud lackadaisical
for an ideal Kate. Miss Ethel Browning gave
a spirited interpretation to the part of
'Lizabeth Vernou, Kate's sister, who had no
craving for the higher education, but was con
tented to wallow In placid ignorance.
At the Orpheum.
The chief novelty at the Orpheum this
week is the first public exhibition in this
' City of Jidison's vitascope. It resembles
the kinetoscope in being based on a series
of instantaneous photographs, but the
magnified figures are thrown on a screen,
where they appear about two-thirds of life
size and have ail the appearance of being
the reflections of moving tigures. The exhi
bition last night included a three-cornered
duel between Uncle Sam, John Bull and
Venezuela, an exhibition of skirt-dancing,
a contortionist act, the May Irwin kiss
and a view of Herald square, New York,
with cars, etc., in motion. The vitascope
aroused a good deal of interest on the part
of the audience, but it was not greeted
with the enthusiasm which was a-corded
to some of the other "turns."
Hayes and Post, the acrobatic dancers,
tumblers and high kickers, made their ap
pearance, and being Californians, were ac
corded a rousing California welcome.
Hayes did a black-faced act, incruding a
sobbing recital, which was very amusing;
his hign-kicking was also remarkably
clever. Post did some clever dancing, and
seconded Hayes in keeping up the fun.
Their act is thoroughly amusing, without
vulgarity.
Papinta continues on the bill, and she
has added to her dances one in which
faces of prominent statesmen are thrown
on her swirling draperies. The gallery
keeps up a running comment on this part
of the performance. Golden, Chalfont
and Golden appear in a new act, so do
Le Clair and Leslie. The Meers brothers
have added stilt-walking to their aero
bating on a single wire. Lizzie B. Ray
mond's singing toucnes the gallery in a
tender spot, but her choice of song 3 might
with advantage be improved upon. slc-
Avoy and May make as much noise as
ever and win as much applause.
Columbia Theater.
There was as large a house as on the opening
night of the season, to see the Frawley Com
pany in "Brother John," last night. A num
ber of members of the company, including
Macklyn Arbuckle, (Jeorge W. Leslie, Blanche
Bates, Margaret Craven, Lansing Rowan, etc.,
who did not appear last week, were in the cast
and were accorded a warm welcome.
"Brother John" is by Miss Martha Morton,
one of the new "lady" dramatists who are be
ginning to come to the front. The comedy,
which is in four acts, tells in a fairly humor
ous and picturesque way of the adventures of
a worthy family who are suddenly absorbed
with an ambition to glitter in society and who
take a villa at Long Branch.
It reminds one a little of Charles Dickens'
story, "'lhe Tuggs at Ramsgate," though the
authoress probably had no such idea in her
mind. •
The only member of the family not afflicted
with a desire to glitter is Brother John him
self, a worthy hatter, who is the good genius
of ail the worthy characters whom he finally
succeeds in rendering perfectly happy.
The characters of Brother John and of his
womenkind and the men who follow in their
train are all cleverly drawn, though not with
out exaggeration, which Miss Morton will no
doubt tone down with more experience.
It is needless to say that Macklyn Arbuckle
as the hatter made the most of his part. Much
of the vim of the performance was due to his
humorous acting. Clever Miss Margaret Cra
ven was charming as Hetty Rolan, the fore
woman of the factory. Her lecital of how her
father was goaded to commit suicide showed
that she has made decided progress in her
command over pathos.
Blanche Bates was sprightly and pleasing
as ever, though the role of Sophie Hackett was
not one to show her at her cleverest. Miss
Phosa McAllister, Wilson Enos, Hope Ross,
Gertrude Elliott, William Maitland and the
rest of the cast all did good work and the
play was well received.
Grand Opera-Honse.
A full house greeted Frank Harvey's play,
"Brother Against Brother," at Morosro's Grand
Opera-house. It is a strong, sensational piece,
a melodrama full of plots and revenge, and
thrilling from act to act. As usual at Mo
rosco's, the play is well staged and the scenic
effects are extremely realistic.
"Brother Against Brother" will be given the
rest ot the week.
— •• — — •
Plasterers Draw liineg.
At a meeting of Plasterer's Union No. 927
last night, a rule was adopted that all archi
tects and ornamental workers be notified that
in future no work will be done on any build
ing unless the ornamental work be done by
union men. There such work becomes a part
of the building, and also that all apprentices
and improvers join the union. The boycott
on the Parrott buildine was ordered contin
ued.
NEW TO-PAY. '
•aeoGooe«9oeeeoeee«ce«e
[Always FIRST .
! Gail Borden
i Eagle Brand
! CONDENSED niLK
1 For 35 years the leading brand. ,IHs th«
1 Best and the most economical. ;
I A PERFECT FOOD FOR INFANTS .
NEW TO-DAT. .
~~ ZK
MANOFACTDBER'S
STOCK
ODE*
WINDSOR TIES
AT HALF PRICE!
We to-day place on sale
the balance of a manufac-
turer's stock of Windsor
Ties which we bought and
in turn offer at
A Fraction of
Regular Prices!
At \2X Cents.
500 dozen ALL-SILK WINDSOR TIES,
in plaids, stripes, figured and opera
shades, regular price 25c each, will be
offered at 12}£c eacn.
At 20 Cents.
300 dozen ALL-SILK HEMSTITCHED
WINDSORS, in a large variety of neat
patterns, regularly sold at 35c each,
will be offered at 20c each.
At 25 Cents.
250 dozen LADIES' AND CHILDREN'S
ALL-SILK WINDSORS, in a variety
of patterns, regular price 50c, will be
sold at 25c each.
At 35 Cents.
175 dozen LADIES' REEFER SCARFS, '
in plaids and stripes, regularly sold at
65c, will be offered at 35c each.
ISif Murphy Building, /
Met aid Jones Streets.
LEVIN BROS
Leading Grocers
Special Forrjis Weeß.
ALE AND PORTER.
Guinness* Extra Stoat, Dor's Head;
Bass <fe Co.'s I'aie Ale, Dog's Head; bot-
tled by Beed Bros, London Doi., fl 75
Regular price $1 90. '
GILKA KUMMEL.
Genuine Imported GllKa Kummel
Bottle, «1 10
Regular price $1 36.
COCKTAILS.
Fletcher Cocktail Co., Newark, N. }.:
Martini. Vermouth, Manhattan, Whisky,
Congressional, Holland Gin, etc.. Quarts, 000
. .Regular price $1 25.
PINEAPPLE.
C. Favre & Co. 1 Singapore Whole Pine-
apple Large Can, ISa
Martin, Wagner • A Co.'s Grated and
Sliced Small Can, 10c
Regular price ISc and 25c
OYSTERS.
Extra Selected Lunch Oysters, ready for
the table, Monogram Brand Can, lOe
Regular price 15c.
BONELESS SARDINES.
Our Own Importation, Manlere D'Ouvrir,
Bordeaux, France; Best In the Market
Largest Size, 28c
Regular price 35c.
TOURIST AND PICNIC SUPPLIES.
Full Assortment of Potted Meats. Deviled
Ham, Corned Beef, Puree de Fole Gr&s.,
etc at Lowest Rates
Telephone South 398
Send For Monthly Price List Free.
Country orders promptly attended to.
Freight paid by us when within too miles.
1324-1326 MARKET ST.
Opposite Odd Fellows' Hall
AND 134 SIXTH ST.
* •* N FRANCISCO.
COB. 10th AND WASHIK3TOM SIS. -) OAKLAND
1734-1736 SXVIITTH SIMM BRANCHES
fc 7#5 fO »4 ROOMS
%|^ m %J consisting or
PARtOR.BEDROOM KITCHEN
EASY PAYMENTS.
Tapestry Brussels, per yard *« Cent*
Oil Cloth, per yard TaX 6 .
Matting, per yard JOCenU
Solid Oak Bed Suit. 7 pieces ■••••.• «25 OO ■
Solid Oak Folding Bed, with Mirror B*s OO
T. BRILLIANT,
410 POST ST., above Powell
OPEN EVENINGS
, Foor-Koom Cit»logur» Milled Free.
I (ty Free and aero« Urn Bar.
WEDDING
Invt ions. Announcements, 'Cards, eS;., Enirraved
and Printed. Correct style, low rates. "20 samples
and directions for correct form, modern weddings,
mailed postpaid for 10 cents in stamps, • BRUNT.
Fi-vb Pbintino, 635 Clay St.. San Francisco. Call
§J?W * PRIVATE DISPENSARY.
SPECIALTY— IXBKABBB OF MEN, IXCLUD-
ing all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dis-
eases of a private nature. Over 20 years' experience.
Book sent free. Patients cured at Home. Terms
reasonable. Office Hours. 9to 3 daily; 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. BOSCOI JIrNI'LTT, M. D.,
26,' i Hearnj Street, Sm t'ranciKv, Cal.