VOLUME LXXIX.-NO. 15J3.
Cleveland Cables Kruger in
Behalf of John Hays
Hammond.
SENTENCE IS COMMUTED
But the Punishment of Those
Convicted in the Transvaal
Is Yet Undecided.
BOERS HOLD THEWINNING HAND
Telegrams Show That Jameson Acted
Under Instructions From High
Sources.
PRETORIA, South Africa, April 30.—
It is rumored that President Kruger has
received a personal cablegram from Presi
dent Cleveland regardin?.Tohn Hays Ham
mond, one of the leaders of the reform
committee, who was sentenced to death
for hiph treason.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April SO.-Sec
retary Olney, on the 2Mh inst, telegraphed
the Secretary of State for the South Afri
can Republic that it was assumed that the
death sentence of Hammond and other
American citizens was imposed with the
understanding that the sentence would be
commuted, and that he would like assur
ance on that point. The answer came this
morning from tue Transvaal Secretary as
follows:
"There was no talk of an understanding
between the Judge and the Government
before the sentence of death was pro
nounced, but before the reception of your
telegram the Executive Council had re
»otved to let mercy take the place of jus
tice and not to enforce the death penalty."
Secretary Olney later in the day re
ceived a second cablegram, which ex
plained why Yice-Cons:il Knight's mes
sage haa not stated the nature or severity
of the sentence of Hammond. The second
cablegram was from Mr. Chapin, the agent
at Pretoria of Grace & Co. of. New York.
He said that the substitute sentence of
Hammond and the four others condemed
to death had not been decided upon. As
for those who were sentenced to two years'
imprisonment, three years' imprisonment
and $10,000 fine the Executive Council had
taken no action.
The petition signed by the Senators and
R'spreFentativeJ asking clemency for Ham
mond will be cabled immediately.
Evidence of tha Duplicity of the Englinh
in the Raid.
LONDON*, E>B., April 30.— A dispatch
from Pretoria to the Times says that the
health of John Hays Hammond is in
such a state as to cause great anxiety.
He is obliged to eat ordinary prison fare,
which in the state of his health is any
thing but beneficial. New rules go into
operation to-day, the correspondent says,
which permit prisoners to have better
food and enjoy many comforts now denied
them. The leaders condemned to death
are coiifined in one small room, where
they are visited by crowds of friends and
relatives.
A rumor is in circulation on the Stock
Exchange that the Transvaal Executivp
has imposed a punishment of five years'
penal servitude, with banishment at the
end of the imprisonment, upon Ham
mond, Rhodes and the other reform com
mittee leaders whose sentence of death
T *as commuted yesterday.
In the House of Commons to-day Cham
berlain said that he was informed that the
presiding Judge who imposed sentence on
Rhodes, Hammond, Farrar, Phillips and
the other members of the reform commit
tee in the High Court at Pretoria bad been
borrowed from the Orange Free State. His
name, he said, was Gregorowski and he
was of Polish nationality.
Dalziel asked whether the selection of
Judge Gregorowski was an indication of
impartiality or corruption, and Chamber-
Jain made no reply. Dalziel gave notice
that he would ask the question again for
mally.
A vastly different aspect has been put
on the Transvaal trouble by the publica
tion of a number of cipher telegrams,
translations of which will be found below.
It has been claimed by many interested
persons that Cicil Rhodes, the head and
front of the British South Africa Com
pany, and other officials of that concern
were not cognizant of the intended raid
into the territory of a friendly State and
had no knowledge that a revolution was
pending in Johannesburg.
Some critics of the company, notably
Mr. i^abouchere, M. P., editor of Truth,
held that the company's officials were
fully aware of the intended movements,
and scathingly arraigned them for their
duplicity and hypocrisy. This called down
upon his head vituperative abuse from
ceitain journals, against whicn there is
more than a suspicion that they are sub
sidized by the company.
It appears now, however, to be pretty
firmly established that the event has justi
fied Sir. Ltbouchere's charges, and this
fact is admitted even by the papers that
have heretoforo been firm in their defense
of Mr. Rhodes and Ins colleagues. The
publication of the telegrams will prove a
rather severe blow to tlie cock-sure di
plomacy of Mr. Chamberlain, Secretary of
State for the Colonies, who has been
lauded on all sides for the great skill he
had displayed in the negotiations with
President Kruger.
A careful review of all the facts since the
trouble beiran will show that every move
on the diplomatic chessboard has been
won by the man, whom many of the Eng
!i;hme« characterized an ignorant Boer.
He may be ignorant, he himself has even
confessed that he has little learning de
rived from books, but ail through the
trouble he has shown that for the Trans
val he is the right man for the place he
holds. He is a natural-born diplomat,
who has made Mr. Chamberlain bis toy
throughout. His keeping all knowledge
of the incriminating telegrams from pub
lic knowledge until the mo«t opportune
moment arrived for their publication is
considered, even by those who can in no
sensa be called his admirers, as a master
stroke of diplomatic sagacity. It leaves
the whole crowd of "chartered free-boot
ers," as they have been termed, without a
leg to stand upon.
So convincing is the proof of their com
plicity in the crime that some of their
apologises intimate that the dispatches are
forgeries, "or that they have been willfully
mistranslated. There is convincing evi
dence, however, that they are genuine,
and that the translations are correct. They
prove that for some time prior to Dr.
Jameson's raid into the Transvaal the
leading official.* of the Chartered Company
were fully aware of what was going on,
and that Dr. Jameson was acting under
instructions from some one high in the
councils of the company. When the crash
came the prime movers in the revolution
ary agitation scurried for shelter, and Dr.
Jameson, thoueh perhaps equally guilty
with tbem, was made a scapegoat for all
their wrong-doing in this direction. As
the case at present stands President Kru
ger is master of the situation, and con
siderable interest is felt as to what the
next move on the part of Mr. Chamberlain
will be.
It is noticeable that the papers that were
so bitter in their comments upon the
Transvaal Government when the an
nouncement was madeof the severe sen
tences that had been passed upon the Pre
toria prisoners are now rather more than
mild in speaking of the matter, which is
very good proof that the publication of the
dispatches has had the effect that Presi
dent Kriiger undoubtedly intended it to
have. Messrs. Rhodes, Beit and Harris
will very likely be called upon to explain
their connection with the conspiracy, and
a further explanation will be due from Mr.
Rhode* of the assurance he gate to Mr.
Chamberlain during his reeeni, visit to
England.
PRETORIA, Sor-rit Africa, April 30.—
A great sensation has been caused here by
the publication of a series of telegrams
that were entered as evidence at the trial
of the members of the reform committee.
These telegrams, it is claimed here,
show beyond any doubt whatever that the
raid of Dr. Jameson was not the result of
a desire to protect the women and children
of Johannesburg, in the event of a rising
there, as lias been argued by certain Eng
lish newspapers, but was the outcome of a
carefully prearranged plan on the part of
certain individuals of the South Africa
Company to seize a portion of the Trans
vaal, a portion well known to be the rich
gold reef of "Witwaters Rand on which
Johannesburg is located. Some of the tel
egrams were in cipner and on their face
were apparently harmless business mes
sages that had passed between different
men connected with Johannesburg and
the South Africa Company.
At the time Dr. Jameson and his com
panions were captured by the Boers the
Jatter found in the doctor's bag a key for
code messages- This was taken possession
of by the authorities, who later obtained
the message- containing words correspond
ing -with those in the Key. In certain cases
the words in the original messages could
not .be deciphered by the use of the key,
and in these cases the code words were
read as in the dispatches.
The dates of the aispatches ranged from
December 7 to December 29. Following
are extracts from the messages:
December 11— Colonel Rhodes, Johannes
burc, to White, Male Icing: Inform Jameson
not to send more horses before January. No
room for them.
December 13— Stevens. Cape Town, to Colonel
Rhodes, Johannesburg: Jameson wires most
strongly urpiag no postponing shareholders'
meeting. Let Hammond inform weak part
ners that any delay most injurious.
December IS— Hammond, Johannesburg, to
Cecil Rhodes, Cape Town: Cannot arrange re
spective interests without Beit. Flotation
must be delayed until his arrival.
December 18— Dr. Wolff, Johannesburg, to
White, I'itsani: I suggest that you immedi
ately instruct Major Grey to forward as soon as
possible 200,000 rounds of his surplus ammu
nition to Gardner Williams.
December 21— Colonel Rhodes, Johannes
burg, to Charter, Cape Town: Inform C. J.
Rhodes stated chairman won't leave unless
special letter inviting him. Definite assurance
been given by all of us that on date flotation
you and he will leave. There must be no de
parture from this, as many subscribers agreed
to take shares on this assurance. You re
sponsible for chairman's departure.
December 21— Han is, Cape Town, to Colonel
Rhodes, Johannesburg: Beit has telegraphed,
urging start flotation new company. Reply
when you can start float, so I may advise
Jameson same day.
Harris also sent a dispatch similar to the
above to Dr. Jameson at fitsani.
December 23— Harris, Cape Town, to Colonel
Khodcs, Johannesburg: Boit has wired Phil
lips, assuring him thtt chairman starfs im
mediately the flotation takes place. No invi
tation necessary.
December l!3-Harris, Cape Town, to Jame
son, I'itsani: Company wiil be floated next
Saturday midnight They are very anxious
that you do not start before 9 and secure tele
grnph office silence. AVe suspect Transvaal
getting slightly aware.
December 26— Cecil Rhodes, Johannesburg,
to Charter ,Cape 'Town: Absolutely postpone
flotation. Leonard left last night Cape Town.
On the above date Harris re peated the
last-mentioned dispatch to Dr. Jameson,
adding: "You must not move until you
hear again. Too awful. Very sorry."
On the same date Jameson's brother
telegraphed to Johannesburg to Dr. Jame
son, informing him that it had become
necessary to postpone the "flotation"
through unforeseen and unexpected cir
cumstances, and "until we have C. J.
Rhodes' absolute pledge that the officers
of the imperial Government will not be
insisted upon."
On December 27 Harris sent a dispatch
to Dr. Jameson, referring to a share
holders' meeting to he held on January 6,
and requesting him to wait patiently.
On the same clay Harris sent another
dispatch to Dr. Jameson referring to the
distribution of the British South Africa
Company's police.
On December 28 Harris, in another dis
patch to Dr. Jameson, stated that Leonard
and Hamilton had informed him that the
movement was unpopular in Johannes
burg. This message concluded: "Wecan
not have a fiasco."
On December 28 Dr. Jameson telegraphed
to Dr. Wolff at Johannesburg saying:
"Meet me as arranged before you leave,
which will enahla us to decide the best
destination. Make cutting to-night with
out fail. Have great faith in Hammond,
Lawley and miners with Lee-Medford ri
fles."
The Harris whose name appears in the
foregoing dispatches is evidently Dr. Har
ris, secretary in South Africa of the Char
tered Company.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY MORNING, MAY 1, 1896.
Criminals Given Very Short
Shrift at Cripple
Creek.
EVIDENCES OF ARSON.
Little Doubt That Incendiaries
Caused the Destruction
of the City.
RELIEF FOR THE DESTITUTE.
Provisions and Tents for the Homeless
Sent From Denver and Colo
rado Springs.
CRIPPLE CREEK, Colo., April 30.— The
cause of yesterday's fire is a matter of
speculation. A waitress in the Portland
Hotel was in the kitchen when the blnze
first broke through the partition-wall, and
she states that the fire originated in the
Chicago Restaurant, adjoining the hotel.
But the fire burst out simultaneously from
so many places as to still leave the iru
pression that arson was committed. Coal
oil fumes were detected about the school
house to-day, and some women created a
sensation this afternoon by telling of see
ing two men trying to set lire to a resi
dence near the reservoir. One unknown
man was killed yesterday, one shot and a
number of suspicious characters were ar
rested during the night and locked up in
boxcars, in lieu of any bettor place to con
fine criminals.
The burned district of yesterday covered
seventeen blocks. The Masonic Temple
building was but partially destroyed, ana
there the mass-meeting of citizens was
held to-day to consider the grave situa
tion. . Committees • were named to take
charge of relief work and headquarter*
were opened at the Midland Terminal
Depot and at the two schoolhouses.
Men, women and children, cold, hungry
and worn out with their hardships of the
night, flocked about the depot when the
relief train from , Denver and Colorado
Springs arrived at 6 o'clock this morning.
Their wants were soon satisfied, the tents
were rapidly set up and by noon pome
thing like order prevailed. What provis
ions were saved from the fire commanded
fancy prices, beef selling at $1 a pound
and bread 25 cents a loaf.
The First National Bank opened before
9 o'clock in a warehouse and money was
issued upon demand. The Bimetallic
Bank will open to-morrow morning. In
the burned .district of Saturday's fire the
work of erecting temporary building* w»
3
resumed, and the piles cf salvage from
yesterday's lire, which had been carried
there, were put in something like order to
day.
Trains of supplies of all kinds came in
late to-day and more is announced. The
generous response of the entire State is
greatly appreciated, and while there wil!
be many cases of Hiffe : ig during the
coming two or three day the people will
soon ho able to Ta ■•>- ,' thcui.^elver
There is a determination plainly shown
to rid the camp of undesirable crooks and
tramps. At noon fifty tramps were lined
up and drummed out of town. All arrested
suspects were later on sent to Colorado
Springs. A vigilance committee has been
formed, and no mercy will be shown to
violators of good order. I his committee
will work quietly, and wiil not give out
anything to the public. The result of this
policy has been wholesome, and few com
plaints of thieving have been made.
It is impossible to state to-night how
many were burned in the fire yesterday.
All kinds of rumors are afloat and many
persons are missing, borne ivive gone out
of town and some are off on the hills with
friends. At the improvised morgue are
tbree dead bodies — that of Charles Griilith,
a miner: the unknown incendiary shot by
Floyd Thompson, and an unknown miner.
The revised list of the injured is as follows:
John Rose, broken leg; Claude Stanton.
badly brqiifed; E. W. Lewis, cut and
bruised ; Tom Sewall, leg injured; George
L. Ryden, burned and bruised; J. W.
Criger, head and face cut; E, E. Brad way,
face badly cut; E. K. Hinckley, cut on
head and legs; John Youngstrum, slight
cuts; Charleg Kagodali, skull fractured;
How Huntington's Hench
men Obtain Signatures
to Petitions.
THEIR SCHEME EXPOSED
Affidavits Tell of Daring Methods
Employed in Behalf of
Santa Monica.
HUNDREDS OF NAMES "FAKED"
Discoveries That May Yet Defeat
the Plans of the Southern
Pacific People.
LOS ANGELES, Cxr,., April 30.— The de
ception, duplicity and forgery to which
Collis P. Huntincton's Los Angeles man
agers have resorted in the past in making
a showing from this city presumably in
favor of the Santa Monica harbor scheme
have been brought to licht and exposed by
affidavits from the parties who circulated
the many false and forged documents. It
is an exposition of double dealing to the
point of utter amazement.
To-morrow morning when this darinp
mess of perfidy is published to the world
the public will know for the first time how
to account for many apparent incon
sistencies in connection with this double
harbor fight. Petitions have, from time
to time, been forwarded by Hunttngton'a
henchmen in Washington purporting to
come from "labor organizations" and "cit
izens of Los Angeles" in great numbers
and with hundreds of signatures. The
Chamber of Commerce and Free Harbor
League here, favorable to the San Pedro
appropriation alone, have been at their
wits' end to account for these numerously
signed petitions favoring Santa Monica.
The first inkling the people here had of
the=e wholesale forgeries was contained in
the Times here this morning, in a dispatch
from its special correspondent at Washing
ton. The very first name forged was that of
Colonel Otis, editor and manager of the
paper. From Washington comes tele
grams from committees of the Chamber of
Commerce and other friends of San Pedro
making inquiry as to purported messages
from various prominent citizens and
bodies of men here favoring Huntington's
schemes. When it was discovered tnat
petitions sent by wire had been forged,
inquiry as to mail petitions were sent to
day by the Free Harbor League to Patter
son and Hazard, representatives in Wash
ington of the league and the people. The
following response was received here this
afternoon :
Washington, D. G., April 30, 1896.
To T. E. Gibbon : Have just prepared for
Wells full copies of petitions mailed to White.
Many signatures evidently written by same
person. W. C. Patterson,
H. T. Hazard.
These are undoubtedly the petitions re
ferred to in affidavits of Lowden and Man
ning hereafter appended. In addition to
this dispatch, Hon. John F. Humphreys
of this city, a member of the Chamber of
Commerce and Free Harbor League, re
ceived this afternoon the following:
Did you and Workman (referring to ex-
Mayor Workman) forward me a postal tele
gram April 16, containing petition of large
number of members of Chamber of Commerce
favoring Santa Monica and inner harbor (Saa
Pedro)? See original postal office.
Stephen M. White.
To this Mr. Humphreys immediately
sent the following:
: To Senator Stephen M. White, Washington, D.C.: \
We did not. c Any item with our names thereto '
favoring Hun ting ton's Santa Monica scheme is
& forgery. Long list of forgeries published in
to-day's Times. Great indignation exists here
about it. . The people realize if Hunting- ;
ton gets recognition now he is strong enough
to defeat San Pedro later on.
John F. Humphreys.
The first and most startling affidavit is
that 'of George Anderson, who manipu
lated the whole business for Huntington's
local managers. These affidavits have
been procured, by the Chamber of Com
merce here and the Free Harbor League.
They , we.* a, given to the correspondents
late this afternoon, and to-night will be
telegraphed to Senator "White, Congress
man ' McLachlan and Patterson and Haz
ard, and will be made public there to
morrow. This, it is believed, will defeat
one of the biggest steals ever attempted on
the National treasury for private ends.
These affidavits will be corroborated by
statements from fifteen out of twenty- two
labor organizations of this city, who de
clare that t.he names of persons purport
ing to belong to said organizations are
fictitious from . beginning to end. The
league has also the affidavit of E. D. Mor
ris, referred to in Anderson's affidavit, fully
corroborating all the allegations in regard
to himself. : ; ' •
According to Anderson's affidavit, he em
ployed one E. D. Morris to procure names
to petitions favorable to Huntingdon, with
out regard to residence or occupation, and
•hat the whole was manipulated and paid
for at so much for each petition ; that J. P.
Carrere, editor of the Evening Express of
this city, made the bargain with him; that
said Anderson filled a clerical position on
the Express and that J. M. Crawley of the
Southern Pacific knew about the arrange
ment; that he employed E.D.Morris to
secure the signatures, and that as fast as
Morris brought in the petitions he (Ander
son) took them to said Carrere.
Morris, in his affidavit, tells how he
wrote the names of any one he could think
of to the petitions and got signatures from
loafers about saloons and similar places
and at Santa Monica. Two supplemental
affidavits are given as follows :
State of California, County of Los Angeles. —
W. Lowden, being first duly sworn, deposes and
says: That he is a citizen of the city of Los An
geles, by occupation a waiter, and is ac
quainted with E. I). Morris; that some three
weeks ago the said E. D. Morris came to him
and asked him to sign his name to a petition
addressed to Senator White and Mr. McLach
lan purporting to be from the citizens of Los
Angeles and asking them to endeavor to secure
the appropriations tor San Pedro and Santa
Monica harbors which the House Committee
on Rivers and Harbors had at one time agreed
to recommend; that he signed his own name
to said petition, and at the request of Mr. Mor
ris signed several other names, probably seven
in all; that in signing such names he was not
endeavoring to get the name of any particular
person, but signed such names as came into
his mind, without reference to any individual
to whom they might belong.
W. H. Lowden.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30 th
day of April, 1986. , , M. K. Young,
Notary Public, Los Angeles County.
State of California, County , of Los ' An
geles.—J. Manning, being first duly sworn, de
poses and says: That he is a citizen of the city
of Los Angeles, by occupation a laborer, and
is acquainted with E. D. Morris; that some
three weeks ago the said E. D. Morris came to
; him and asked him to sign his name to a peti
'. tion addressed to Senator White and Mr. Mc-
Lachlan. purporting to be from the citizens of
Lob Angeles, and asking them to endeavor to
secure the appropriations for San Pedro and
Santa Monica harbors which the House Com
mittee on Rivers and Harbors had at one time
agreed to recommend; that he signed his ow n
name to said petition, and at the request of
Mr. Morris signed several other names, prob
ably 150 in all; that in signing such names
he was not endeavoring to get the name of any
particular person, but signed such names as
came Into his mind, without reference to any
individual to whom they might belong.
J. Manning.
;' Subscribed and sworn to before me this 30th
day of April, 1896. • ,, . M. K. Young,
Notary Public, Los Angeles County; California.
FIVii.V'.* Minority Report on the Santa
Monica Approjyriation.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— The
division in the Senate Committee on Com
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
Crowned Ruler of the Santa
Rosa Carnival of
the Roses.
GIVEN THE GOLDEN KEY
Care Cast Aside by the Joyous
Residents of Sonoma County's
Metropolis.
BEAUTY OF THE DECORATION!,
An Elaborate but Tasty Profusion of
Red, Green and Yellow Is
Displayed.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 30.— The
carnival holds full sway to-night, for the
Queen has just been crowned with pomp
ana pageantry, and as President J. C.
Sims expressed it: "The peerless Queen
has revealed herself to her loyal subjects,
and- has issued a proclamation of banish
ment to consuming cares."
The weather all day has been glorious,
and the preparations for to-morrow's pro
cession have been progressing merrily.
To-night the city is one mass of brilliant
carnival colors and fragrant ftower3. Even
the oldest inhabitants say they scarcely
know Santa Rosa in her '9t> carnival dress,
so greatly have the decorations trans
formed the city. The courthouse, from
dome to stairway, is resplendent in red,
green and - yellow bunting. Streamers
flutter from the apex of the dome to points
all along the parapet, the columns all en
twined in carnival colors, and the statue
of Minerva, which surmounts the struc
ture, wears a tri-colored cap and waves
aloft the American flag.
The square surrounding the courthouse
is one mass of red, green and yellow, for
scarcely one of the buildings has omitted
to decorate, and Fourth street presents
one long vista of fluttering flags, arches
and incandescent lights. Most of the
stores wear the carnival colors, many of
them being resplendent in artistic decora
t.ons, where moss, flowers, bunting and
colored lanterns play a conspicuous part.
There are six arches distributed along
the principal streets, and strings innu
merable of fluttering streamers cross and
reerosa the principal <uree;. Elaborate
decorations nave been lavished upon the
Donahue depot, and even the streetcars
wear carnival colors and are garlanded
with flowers. Wherever a convenient spot
offers pretty airy-looking booths have been
erected along the route of to-morrow's
procession, and in these booths the weary
wayfarer can find food and cooiing drinks
for an almost nominal sum, while he sits
to eat under garlands of roses and ever
green.
Last year visitors came in such hordea
that even bread ran short, but for the
present carnival enough provisions have
been laid in to feed an army. People have
been arriving in town all day, and before
8 o'clock this evening there was a dense
throng assembled outside the Athenaeum
to see the Queen and her cortege arrive.
Her Majesty's procession was led by
Roncovieri's Band playing the ''Fiesta
March," recently composed by the band's
conductor. The Queen rode in a barouche
drawn by six milk-white horses with white
satin trappings, her coach being lined
with satin and furs of white. The maids
of honor followed in gayly decorated car
riages. It was well on toward 9 o'clock
before the strains of the band announced
the approach of the royal procession. By
this tiroe^the.crowd outside tht Athenaeum
had increased and every seat in the build
ing had been taken, while people were en
camped in the aisles on stools.
While waiting for the Queen there was
plenty of time to admire the decorations.
The roof was festooned in carnival colored
bunting, Chinese lanterns and cypress en*
circled the gallery, and the platform wag
banked up with masses of lilies, ferns and
palms.
The throne was white, on a dais of white
bearskin, and overhead was a huge pink
and white butterfly. As the commotion
outside warned the people within the
theater that the procession had arrived,
there was a loud and prolonged applause.
The queen and her attendants adjourned
to the anteroom, while the band took the
platform and played the overture to
"Robin Hood."
President Sims, who delivered the in
augural address, said among other grace
ful things:
"The Santa Rosa rose carnivals have at
tracted particular attention and have
achieved a special glory. The residents of
this community annually make princely
preparations for them, ami all take pride
in their success. Thanks to the kind
efforts of the people and of the press of
this State, failures are as yet unknown.
To thesu carnivals all are invited and
given a fitting welcome."
The speaker went on to pay a graceful
compliment to the queens of the various
festivals and spoke warmly of tha
athletic sportWind their beneiicial influ
ence on the young people. : 'In conclu
sion, let me say to those who have favored
us with their presence durine this festival,
that with the fragrance of our flowers, we
mingle the sweeter fragrance of our wel
come."
As soon as the applause aroused by the
president's speech had subsided, a bugle
blast from the entrance, answered by one
from the platform, announced the advent
of the Queen. The band struck up the
"Coronatioa March," the doors were
thrown open, and a train of eight little
maids in white entered, throwing flowers
in the Queen's way. The children, who
all looked about 8 years old, were led by
Mable Ware and Marguerite Kingston.
Next came the maids of honor, dressed
two and two alike, in dainty shades of
white pink and green organdie. They
were: Dacia Fairbanks and Henrietta
Camel, Petaluma; Lena Brash, Clover
dale; Annie McLain, Healdsburg; Sadie
Me Mullen, ISebastopol; Edith Brooks,2
Irma Wood, Carrie Frear, Lillie Hill and
Kate Lewis, Eanta Rosa.
Miss Rose (£rooks of San Francisco, the
maid of honor, was gowned in soft poid
colored organdie. Queen Laura moved
Blowiy down the aisle, followed by twelve
picturesque Jittle Hoys," dressed as pages.
Charlie Thompson and Tom Gale held
her sv.eepinp Watteau train of white satin
ana tulle, which was garlanded with pink
roses.
Her corsage, which was cut decollete,
was also trimmed with roses and her large
sleeves were draped with white tulle. Her
Majesty.v.'hoisapretty, jtiquante brunette,
was deliberate and verv dignified in all her
actions. She ascended the platform amid
applause, and Miss Lena Hoag tripped up
the steps of the theater and made a pretty
little coronation speech to Queen Laura,
concluding with "I crown you Queen of
the Roses."
The crown, a gorgeous, glittering thing
of pearls and diamonds, sat as comfortably
on her Majesty's head as if she had been
in the habit of wearing one all her life.
Its rays caught the light and glittered in
quite a regal fashion as she ascended the
throne and settled herself back gracefully
to receive the homage of Mayor Jesse, who
had ji^t appeared on the scene staggering
under the weight of a huge gilt key. The
first thing the Mayor did was to hand this
outwar.l and visible sign of the possession
of Santa Rosa into Queen Laura's keeping,
and as her Majesty took the key the Mayor
Mid:
"Most Gracious Majesty: The moment
has arrived when your many loving sub
jects call for you to ascend the throne
amids-t a wealth of flowers, bedecked
streets and buildings, with the air laden
with sweet perfume and insence to Queen
Flora. Amidst a vast array of beautiful
maidens, fair ladies and gallant men there
is a universal voice saying, 'Let her
Majesty be crowned,' and the wish of the
populace lias prevailed. Gracious Queen,
surrounded as you are with vour retinue,
the chief executive of tnia fair city of roses,
upon me devolves the pleasant duty, let
me say the honor, of extending an open
and most cordial welcome to you and your
court from a host of subjects, for whom I
can bespeak loyalty, love and affection."
The Mayor's speech closed the corona
tion ceremony. The Queen and her ladies
withdrew to the dainty pink and white
boxes that bad been prepared f<?r them
beside the stage, and every one present en
joyed an illustrated concert by Ron
covieri's band.
While the*e things had been going on
inside the theater, crowds of people who
had been unable to obtain admission were
parading the streets to inspect the decora
tions. One of the most admired trans
parencies was a representation of the new
Call building, which hung outside the
Santa Rosa Call office. Tne transparen
cies were colored and were represented as
having all the windows illuminated.
Above the device was draped tiie carnival
colors.
The programme for to-iuorrow includes
the tilting tournament, which will take
place at 11 a. m.. on Mendocino street. At
12 o'clock the grand floral parade will be
held; at 2 p. m. the balloon ascension will
take ylace and the bicycle races will be re
sumed, and in the evening the carnival
bail will be held.
Most Interesting of 'he Kporta Were the
Wheel Jiaces.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., April 30.—
bicycle races were fairly well attended on
this the first day of the meet and the
Santa Rosa "Wheelmen received many
compliments on the fine track and perfect
arrangements. A large number of ladies
were present, and during some of the ex
citing finishes stood upon the bleachers
and cheered their favorites to the echo.
The first race was a third of a mile
Bcratch for amateurs. There were twenty
five entries and sixteen starters in the
race, and it was run in three heat?, the
first and second man qualifying lor the
final neat. There were three prizes, con
sisting of unset diamonds, for the first,
second and third man of the final heat.
The first heat was captured in 4'j seconds
by G. P. Fuller, 0. C. W., Ben Noonan, &
R. \\\, being a close second. In the second
heat B. C. Raymond, B. C. W., was rim in
M 1^ .'•cconds, with W. H. Hammond, S. J.
R. C, second. The third heat went to ri.
F. Terrill, B. C. \Y\, Tony I>elmas, G. C.
C, coming second. Time, hl\i seconds.
In the final Fuller, Downing and Delmas
crossed the tape in the order named and
were awarded the prizes. Time, olji sec
onds.
The second race was a mile novice,
Henry Noonan, B. It. \V. T capturing the
rim heat in 3:24 and the linal heat aud
tie $10 medal offered in 3:07. Chester
Armstrong was first in the second heat
and a good second to Noonan in the final.
In the mile handicap for amateurs there
were fonv-one entries and twenty-six
starters. J. J. Carroll of San Jose took
the first heat, with J. C. Near (S. R. W.)
second and C. Armstrong (S. R. W.)
third. Time, 2:41. In the second intall
ment of this race B. C. Raymond
(B. C. W.), "W. H. Hammond (S.
J. R. C.) and H. Noonan (S. R. W.) were
first over the line in the order named in
2:44. The third heat was taken by Tony
Delmas (G. G. C.) in 2:34, with G. P. Ful
ler (0. C. W.) second and J. C. William
son (S. R. W.) third. In the final G. P.
Fuller (50 yards) took the first prize, Tony
DfJma8 (15 yards) a close second and
Hammond (80 yards) lapping wheels with
Delmas. Time, 2:45.
The amateur mile scratch, which was
the next event, had twenty-five entries and
sixteen starters. H. F. TerriU (B. 0. \V.)
took the first heat, J. J. Carroll of San
Jose being necond and B. C. Raymond (B.
C. W.) third. Time, 3:0S.
The second heat whs won by J. C. Near,
S. R. W., in 2:46, George Felix, S. R. W.,
taking second place. The third heat went
to H. Noonan, B. R. W., in 3:17, H. Down
ing of San Jose second. In the linal heat
Referee Plummer announced a tinio limit
of 2:50, which nad the effect of lowering
the time to 2:51, which being considered
exceptionally good time the iimu was de
clared off.
The prizes went to Downing, Terrill and
Carroll in the order named.
The final event was a one-mile handicap
for professionals and attracted great in
terest. B. B. Barnes of Healdsburg hav
ing competed for & money prize in a
Fourth of Juiy celebration was of course,
classed as a professional, but being con
sidered clearly out of the fight with such
fliers as \V. P. Foster, J. E. Edwards and
Allen Jones, was allowed 200 yards. W.
A. Terrill had 35 yards, Allen Jones 50
yards, and Foster started from scratch.
By a fine burst of speed Foster caught
the'buncb, but the Heaidsburp man was
still 200 yards in the lead, and after the
second lap it was clear that the bandi
capper had underestimated the speed and
endurance of Mr. Barnes, for he was never
headed, coming in 150 yards to the go»d,
but very tired. Jon?s and Foster sprinted
it out for second money, the former taking
the place. The prizes in this were $50, $30
and $20 cash.
The running hiph jump wafc a tie,
Charles Goshen of Petaluma and H.
Wooley of Santa Rosa each clearing five
feet two inches
The 220-yard dash was won by G. Dubois
of Sauta Kosa in 2-k seconds.
Dynamite and Not Gas the
Cause of the Big
Scare.
A WARNING TO WEYLER.
Gomez Again Advancing With
a Large Force of Faithful
Followers.
HOT FIGHTING IS EXPECTED.
Several Minor Encasements in Which
the Spanish Forces Are
Routed.
HAVANA, Crux, April 30.— A dynamite
bomb caused the explosion in the captain
geueral's palace Tuesday and not a gas
engine as reported. The noise was tre
mendous and caused intense excitement
in the palace and vicinity. The general
and officers rushed about giving orders.
General Weyler left the room greatly ex
cited. Only one person was hurt and he
slightly. The others escaped miraculously.
The whole palace was shaken by the force
of the explosion. Clouds of dust blinded
all persons inside and many windows were
broken. The bomb destroyed the parti
tion wall of the principal counting-room
and broke two *safes. The bomb was
placed in the watereloset at the southeast
corner of the palace, on Mercedes and
Obispo streets. The occurrence is the
general topic of conversation. It is be
lieved to be the work of laborers. The
police are making diligent search, but no
arrest has been made. Strong measures,
it is said, will be adopted to prevent a
repetition. This happened at 11 a. m.
Gomez's advance is confirmed. It is
now reported he has enterad Matanzas
province with a strong force of 10,000 or
12,000 men, five pieces of artillery and
plenty of ammunition. It is presumed an
attack on the trocha on both sides in com
bination with Maceo will follow, and hot
lighting is expected.
News of a bloody battle near Zanjo,
province of Santiago de Cuba, has been re
ceived. General Munoz tried to prevent
General CaliytO Garcia from crossing the
Canto River. Munoz organized a strong
Jand column and, ordering gunboats up
the river to co-operate, left Munzanillo to
intercept Garcia. The latter, with Rabi's
column, made a junction with the forces
of Maria Rodriguez, from Camazuey. The
combined insurgent forces attacked Munoz
as he was advancing and defeated him.
Munoz lust over 200 killed and 400
wouhded. But for the gunboats Munoz's
column would have been destroyed.
Munoz retreated to Manzanillo, and Gar
cia is now operating witnout opposition.
Colonel Andanaz has- arrived at Holguin.
He reports that his command had two en
gagements with rebe's near Zanjo and
Caibaguan. The insurgents had many
kiiled and wounded. The troops had
three men killed and two officers and
fifteen privates wounded.
Captain Pozo, commanding the Palma
guerrillas, who captured two men be
longing to the Lahorde expedition, had a
hot right with the rebels near Rio Blanco.
Captain Pozo was seriously wounded, A
lieutenant was slightly wounded and one
of the guerrillas was killed. The rebels
lost seven killed and many wounded.
A rebel band, commanded by Bandera,
attacked the town of Artemisia, which is
situated on the military line across the
iskind. They burned a few houses and the
neighboring cune lields. The garrison re
pulsed an attack from the trenches, using
artillery. The troops had two wounded.
News reaches hereof an important battle
on Friday last between Colonel Sepuera's
command and the rebels under Robau,
Nunez and Zayas, about -four leagues
southwest of Sagua la Granda. No details
have been made public.
Consul-General Williams to-day visited
Caotain-General Weyler and the marine
authorities on behalf of the Americans
alleged to have been captured on the fili
bustering schooner Competitor, which was
seized Tuesday off the north coast of the
province of Pinar del Rio. Mr. Williams
refused to say what the result of his inter
view was. declaring that thd con tulate
wa6 no news agency.
Fifty-one political prisoners were de
ported to Ceuta, Africa, to-day, by a Span
isft mail steamer.
That Account of Hit F.ieape Frotn Morro
( n-tit- Branded a fake.
PORTLAND, Or., April 30.— "What's
the sense in publishing snch abominable
bosh as this?" exclaimed Senor Francisco
Sancho this afternoon in the Portland
Hotel loboy, as he handed The Call corre
spondent the morning paper containing an
Associated Press dispatch from Spring
field, 111., headed "Escaped From Morro
Castle— Interesting story told by Walter 8.
Whitcomb."
"The merest glance at the map of the
slightest bearing upon Morro Castle puts
the stamp of 'fake' on the story, although
there is nothing particularly bad about
that phase of the matter, but the fake is
so outrageously weak that it make one
who knows anything about Cuba and the
condition of affairs there simply exas
perated. In the first place there is no
such port or province on the island as Del
Rio, which translated means the river. In
the second pli»ce, would a pass from An
tonio Maceo be a proper paper with which
to enter Havana, a city occupied by Span
ish troops? Again, th» fellow states that
at night he was confined in the great,
dingy tower, after being placed in Morro.
I was born in Havana and have spent
many pleasant hours playin* about the
weather-beach front of Morro Castle, and
the only tower I ever saw about the fort
was that used as a lighthouse, which is
not higher than the fourth story of one of
the business blocks of Portland, and also is
not fitted with cells, all prisoners being
placed in dungeons of the fortress and in
that portion facing toward Havana.
"But the bribing of the guard and
swinging off into the Gulf of Mexico
to swim to a boat and escape is
the silliest portion of all tha story.
Had the fellow who wrote or told the
yarn but taken the trouble to procure
a photograph of Morro, he could readily
have seen how impossible such an attempt
would be. The only facade of the fort
which ia really swept by the sea id that
fronting directly on the harbor entrance
and at the oase of this wall are sharp,
jasgert rocks whicb even at hieh tide are
not wholly covered. To attempt to clam
ber over these to deep water would mean
to be shot through and through from the
rifles of a dozen sentinels in'the parapet
above. On the weather and landward
sides are Bandy boaches patrolled day and
night by soldiers. If this fellow Whit
comb would only tell how he managed to
drop into the 'Gulf of Mexico,' as he calls
that part of the Atlantic Ocean which
sweeps into Havana harbor, he would con
fer a favor on many Cubans who have
friends and relatives now confined within
the walls ol the fort."
Charges of Conspiring Against Baker and
Hill to Be Investigated by the
Grand Jury,
CHICAGO, III., April 30. —On complaint
of William Skakel, tbe "bucket-shop king"
of Chicago, the Grand Jury to-day decided
to investigate charges of conspiracy pre
ferred by him against President William
T. Baker of the Board of Trade and Civic
Federation; John Hill Jr., chairman of
the bucket-shop prosecuting committee
of the Board of Trade; Thomas Candy, a
civic federation detective who obtained
evidence against the raided bucket-shops
and others. The alleged conspiracy is in
connection with the procuring of Justice
Court warrants on which the successive
raias were made by the police. The Grand
Jury did not return a bill to-day in the
new cases against SKakel, which have been
considered for two days. The investiga
tion of the Board of Trade officials was
taken independently of the State's Attor
ney, who repudiates tbe Skakel complaint,
although aadressed to him.
Tells of His Peculiar Experien
ces in the Prison at
Cincinnati.
With Boyish Simplicity He Tries to
Fasten Pearl Bryan's Murder
Upon Another.
CINCINNATI, Onio, April 30.— When
court opened in the Jackson trial this
morning Attorney Crawford asked for the
letters written by Jackson. When they
were produced Crawford passed them to
the prisoner, who read them seemingly
with great care. After he had finished be
took the stand. He detailed his life up to
the time he first met Peari iiryan, which
was during the holidays of 1894. He re
ferred to the conversation he had with
Wood at various times on the subject 01
Pearl Bryan's, condition. He s&id Wood
was very much concerned about her, and
if something was not done soon he said he
would have to leave town.
Jackson said the last time he saw Pearl
alive was the Wednesday before her body
was discovered. He says it was on Tues
day night that ha was with her at Wal
hngford's saloon.
Jackson detailed minutely all the cir
cumstances in connection with his move
ments lor the three days immediately pre
ceding and those immediately following
the murder. He fixed the hours of his
meals, his arising in the mornings and his
reiiripg at night with exactness. Skil
fully and witu wonderful tact and cunning
he told, wiLh the simplicity of a boy, be ii
feigned or genuine, oi all the damaging
evidence against his own character, while
the entire drift of his testimony was 10
make Woods the betrayer of the girl and
Walling the supposed and only man di
rectly concerned in her death.
The sensation of the afternoon proceed
ings was in that part of Jackson's testi
mony relating to his prison experience.
On this point his counsel drew him out
fully.
Some of his statements were highly sen
sational. Alluding to his experiences in
Cincinnati, he said that before his removal
to Kentucky Chief of Police Dietsch came
to him alone and said to him that a re
moval to Kentucky most probably meant
ueatii as soon as he reached Kentucky
soil. He said after Colonel Dietscli had
worked on his fears he pulled out his
watch and said: "Now, Jackson, I'll jiive
you rive minutes to tell about this murder
and tell me where the neaJ is." Jackson
says that Dietsch paced up and down the
flour for some time with hia watch open,
but not being able to get a confession from
him lei't.
Colonel Nelsou announced that the
prosecution wouid not cross-examine
Jackson.
Relief Refused the Southern Pa
cific in the Matter of
Reduced Rates.
Western Trunk Lines Protest Against
the Encroachment of Terri-
torial Rights.
CHICAGO, Ili», April 30.— The chair
man of the Transcontinental Passenger
Association to-day refused relief to tbe
Southern Pacific in tbe matter of making
reduced rates to tbe convention of the
American Society of Civil Engineers to be
held in San Francisco next July. The
competitors of the Southern Pacific voted
against making any reduction in rates, al
though the Canadian Pacitic is reported to
have offered concessions, lhe Southern
Pacific will probably give notice of inde
pendent action.
The Northwestern gave notice to-day
that it would make the same rates from
ti.t* Atlantic seaboard to Australia via
San Francisco as the Canadian Pacitic
make via Vancouver.
At tbe request of the Northwestern a
proposition to remove trans-Pacific busi
ness irum the Western PassengT Associa
tion agreement haa beeu submitted to a
vote.
Western trunk lines are protesting
against what is considered an arrogant en
croachment of territorial rights on the
part of the board of manaeers of the Joint
IraUic Association in relation to the issue
of joint rate sheets. Although a Western
or transcontinental road wants to reduce
rates on its line and pay the Eastern con
nection it!- full proportion of the through
rate the Eastern magnates nave decided
that Mich rate sheets cannot be issued
without the approval of the board of man
agers. The compiler! of the Missouri
Kiver, Kansas City and Illinois rate sheets
have already been taken to task in this re
spect, but the Illinois official has entered a
vigorous protest against such interference.
A number of roads will not comply with
the demands.
NEW YORK, N. Y., April 30.— James
Mitchell, chairman of the New York Stock
Exchange, died suddenly in Brooklyn this
mormug of heart failure.
Premier Meline Makes a
Statement to the
Deputies.
RECEIVED VERY COLDLY
Interrupted by a Radical Who
Declares the Constitution
Is Violated.
THIS CAUSES A BIG TUMULT.
Various and Needed Reforms Are
Promised by the New
Ministry.
PARIS, France, April 30.— M. Meline,
President of the new Council of Ministers,
made a statement of the policy of the new
Cabinet in the Chamber of Deputies to
day. The Chamber received tue state
ment very coldly, scarcely half of the Dep
uties applauding his utterances, and the
Socialists interposing their accustomed in
terruptions.
In the Senate the Ministerial declaration
waa read by M. Darlun, Minister of
of Justice. As he was beginning the state
ment M. Girault, Republican Radical,
shouted: "It is useless to read it; the
Cabinet is unconstitutional."
A tumult ensued, but after it subsided
M. Darian proceeded with his reading and
at the conclusion he was applauded.
In his statement M. Meline made an
appeal for reciprocal goodwill toward the
Ministry on the part of the Chambers,
which, he said, would solve and settle all
discords. He placed the fiscal reforms
before the Chamber as matters of the first
importance. The probate laws and the
laws regulating the traffic in drink, be
saiil, would be introduced in the
budget and would be operated under a
system which dispensed with an inquisitor
or any other arbitrary measures, and
assured a better division of the direct
taxation, thus relieving small taxpayers.
The Government, he said, would vigilantly
apply the economies which the nation
demands and simplify the present com
plicated administration. They would also
spare no effort to aid the interests of agri
culture, to complete the national defense,
to regulate the hours of labor and the
liability of employers and to organize pen
sion funds.
M. Goblet, Republican Radical Socialist,
offered an interpellation, saying that un
der the circumstances of its formation the
Cabinet had violated parliamentary rules.
The Cabinet, he declared, did not repre
sent the Republican majority of the
Chamber. It was the result of a plot
formed by the Moderates, who, in order to
give the country such a Ministry, had pro
voked a conflict Jjet ween the Senate and
the Chamber of iVputifes. The Premier,
he said, must render an account of his vio
lation of the constitution. The programme
of the Cabinet was contrary to the de
mands of a majority of the Chamber, as it
rejected the income tax. It was in fact, a
ministry in defiance of the majority of the
Chamber.
M. Descbanet, Republican, said univer
sal suffrage w:is. certainly supreme, but to
declare that the Chamber of Deputies was
omnipotent and the Senate powerless was
a negation of the sovereignty of the people.
The Bourgeois Cabinet, he said, had for
five months exercised upon the Chamber a
sort of moral blackmail.
'Ihe president, M. Brisson, interrupted
the speaker and demanded that he with
draw his expression in regard to tho late
Ministry.
M. Deschenet modified the expression
by substituting the words "outside the
Chamber" for "urpon the Chamber," and
continued, saying that during his term of
office as president of the Council of
Ministers M. Bourgeois had not executed
■ single reform, but had merely propagated
collectivist doctrines.
Ex-Premier Bourgeois maintained that
either dissolution of the Chamber or re
vision of the constitution was the only
proper solution of the situation.
Premier Meline replied that the Cham
ber must now choose between a policy of
the conflict with the Senate or a policy of
conciliation.
The Chamber, by a vote of 279 to 251,
refused to give prior' tv to the proposal of
M. Henri Ricard, reaffirming the Cham
ber's right to preponderance in the repre
sentation of the principle of universal suf
frage.
The Chamber then adopted a resolution,
which received 660 affirmative votes,
affirming the sovereignty of universal suf
frage.
The Chamber, by a vote of 531 to 196.
approved M. Meline's declaration, and
then adjourned until May 28.
Charles McCann, skull fractured, face cut;
T. \V. Gerbeck, head and neck badly cut;
Larry Maroney, blown off ladder, seriously
injured; K. H. Smith, superintendent of
water work?, injury to head and lace
caused by flying glass; Ed Oabey, fireman
Davy Hose Company, badly injured; Lee
Corcoran, fireman Whitney Hose Com
pany, injured: W. S. Fisher, injured;
Grant Lewis, foreman fire company, badly
injured: Herb Winkler, Davy Hot>e Com
pany, arm crushed; George Layden,
Georgetown, hands broken and lacerated,
n«ad and face badly cut; H. D. Ordway,
may die; J. \V. Lynch, Loveland. Colo.,
arm blown off; Willis Walker, mining
enfcin >er, seriously injured; John Evan,
cut on face and head ; Chris Coff more, tire
man, severely injured. Dr. Crane broke
his leg to-day while assisting to lift an
injured man out of a wagon.
A corps of twenty-five insurance adjust
ers are trying to figure out their losses.
They roughly estimate the property loss
at $1,250,000, not more than 20 per cent of
which is covpred by insurance. The loss
by the two fireB will reach $2,000,000, and
the total insurance loss about $400,000.
There will be little trouble experienced
by the officers of the city iu preserving the
best of order to-night. The people need
only rest, food and shelter, all of wUicli
has beea fairly well supplied to-nifrht.
Departure of a Second Relief Train From
DENVER, Colo., April 30.— A second
relief train, supplied with everything ne
cessary to the comfort of the sufferers at
Cripple Creek, left the Union depot at 4
o'clock to-day. All the morning loads of
contributions were dumped out upon the
depot platform, and many telegrams offer
ing cash were sent to the proper commit
tee in the camp. The Clearing-house made
a cash subscription of $1000, and the fund
was run up to $10,000 before night. Bene
fit concerts have been planned, and local
eocieties are collecting supplies. The
railroads are transporting the provisions
and clothing free.
Generous Action of the Chicago Mineral
and Mining Hoard.
CHICAGO, III., April 30.— At a special
meeting of the Chicago Mineral and Min
ing board held to-day, the following reso
lution was adopted :
"This board having heard with deep re
gret of the terrible disaster which has over
taken the city of Cripple Creek, desires to
extend its heartfelt sympathy to the suf
ferers in the hour of their extremity. The
president is hereby empowered to tele
graph the Mayor of Cripple Creek, in
structing him to draw on this board for
$500 to assist in caring for those who have
been rendered homeless and destitute by
rire."
In addition a committee was appointed
to solicit and receive subscriptions to a re
lief fund to be forwarded to Mayor Steele of
Cripple Creek.
One of the Murderers of the
Meeks Family Pays the
Death Penalty.
With His Brother George, Who
Recently Escaped, He Committed
a Fearful Crime.
CARROLLTON, Mo., April 30.— Bill
Taylor wa^ hanged here to-day. At ten
minutes to 11 Father Kennedy placed a
crucifix in Taylor's hands and the march
to the scaffold began, Taylor walking with
a firm step. His nerve never deserted h ini
after ascending the scaffold.
Taylor's legs were then pinioned, he
kissed the crucifix held by the priest,
Sheriff Allen waived a white handkerchief,
the trap was sprung noiselessly and Tay
lor dropped. His neck was broken, and
the body hung motionless. In ten minutes
he was declared dead and the body was
cut down.
Old Mrs. Meeks had forced her way into
the jailyard with her blind son George,
and was an interested spsctator. Five
thousand people surged about the inclos
ure surrounding the jail, but there was no
disorder.
The crime for which Taylor was hanged
was the murder, on the night of May 11,
1894, of Gus Meeks, his wife ar. 1 two little
cnildren. George, Bill's brother, was to
have Deen hanged with Bill, but he es
caped from jail and has not yet been cap
tured. On the night of the murder the
two brotners called at the Meeks home
and induced Mr. Meeks to leave for an
other part of the country, promising to
assist him. The Meeks family started
away that night in a wagon, with all their
belongings. Next morning the dead
bodies of four of the family were found
under a haysiack on George Taylor's
farm. The sole survivor, a girl aged seven,
gave the alarm and posses were organ
ized to capture the Taylor brothers. It
was several weens before thuy were appre
hended.
The first trial resulted in a disagreement
by the jury; but on August 3 the jury in
the second trial, after being out a few min
utes, found the prisoners guilty, and Judge
Rucker sentenced them to be hanged. The
case was appealed, but the lower court was
sustained. Pending the carrying out of
the sentence tne two brothers escaped, but
Bill was captured. The Supreme Court of
the United States refused an appeal for a
stay of proceedings. Governor Stone also
refused a like appeal, and the execution of
to-day followed.
Bill Taylor was a lawyer and banker in
Lynn County. He had a bad reputation,
but held his place in society by reason of
his wealth. He had been arrested on
several charges, the latest "beinz stealing
cattle. Gus Meeks, tue murdered man,
was an accomplice in this crime and was
the principal witness against Taylor, which
was probably the reason for the quadruple
murder.
letuptrane- Women Have at Last Called
In Their Petition.
CHICAGO, III., April 30.— There is con
siderable jubilation among the members
of the various branches of the National
Keeley League over the report that the
Women's Christian Temperance Union
has abandoned its advocacy of the Eujflish
scheme of imprisoning inebriates in State
institutions. Petitions in favor of this
project have been scattered throughout
the country by the department of legisla
tion of the union, of which Mrs. N. B.
Ellis of New Jersey is National superin
tendent, and the Legislature of every
State that has held a session since tne be
ginning of the year has been petitioned to
enact laws imprisoning drunkards from
one to two years as a measure of reform.
The Keejeyites have made a vigorous
fight against the iaea and have, so it is
claimed, aroused public sentiment on the
subject to such a pitch that the depart
ment of legislation of the Women's Lnion
has decided to call in its petition and al
low the issue to go by the board.
CHADRON, Nbbr., April 30.— Judge
W. tf. Westover to-day appointed A. A.
Record of this city receiver of the Chadron
Bunking Company. The report of the
bank examiner shows that a number of
persons owe the bank, which will probably
be lost. The dei<osits amount to $120 000
of which there is $4000 county tunas.
PHILADELPHIA. Pa., April 3O.-With
the refu>al of Governor Hastings to grant
Holmes a reprieve tne last hope of the
murderer is killed, and unless death bv
natural means or suicide should intervene
he will surely swing from the gallows on
May 7.
INDIAN APOLIS.Ind., April 30.— The re
cent conference of Indiana coal operators
at which it was decided to reduce the scale
of 55 cents resulted to-day in a strike,
which extends generally over the coal belt.
Nearly 4000 miners quii work.
BOSTON Mass., April 30. — "Warren
Fisher, who vaa involved in the famous
Mulligan letters with James G. Blaine,
died at his home in Rozbury this morn
ing, aged 71.
Vigorous Efforts to Reduce
the Number of Battle-
Ships.
FINANCES AND POLITICS
Allen Predicts the Collapse of
Both the Democratic and
Republican Parties.
GORMAN'S AMENDMENT BEATEN
Senator White Prefers Better Coast
Defenses to an Increase in
the Navy.
WASHINGTON, IX C, April 30.— The
naval appropriation bill had the undivided
attention of the Senate to-day; but when
the session closed no progress had been
made upon the bill beyond the exclusion,
on a point of order, of Quay's amendment
to increase the number of battle-ships
from four to six. Gorman's amendment
to reduce the number to two was the
proposition before the Senate when it met
and remained so when it adjourned.
Speeches were made by White of Cali
fornia, in favor of coast defenses rather
than of an increased navy; by Allen of
Nebraska, predicting the collapse of the
Democratic and Republican parties — the
former within three months and the latter
by the 4th of March, 1901, and by Gorman
of Maryland in enforcement of his views
as to the necessity of that economy in ap
propriations.
Immediately after the routine business
the naval appropriation bill was taken up,
the pending question being the amend
ment offered by Gorman (D.) of Maryland
reducing the number of Sattle-ships pro
vided for in the bill from four to two, and
the addition to that amendment offered
by Quay (R.) of Pennsylvania to increase
the number to six.
White (D.) of California, while declaring
himself ia favor of an effective navy,
argued as to the greater necessity for
coast defenses, particularly on the Pacific
Coast. He quoted statements of Generals
Miles and Craighill and of Admiral Walker
in support of his argument.
Allen (Pop.) of Nebraska spoke of the
interest which he had felt in the debate of
the last two days and which he said dis
closed to the country the fact that the
issue to be made in the approaching Presi
dential campaign was the issue of tariff,
rather than the issue of financial reform.
The financial condition of the treasury
would not warrant an appropriation for
four battle-ships unless there was an over
shadowing necessity for the Nation to
prepare for some contemplated war. In
the course of a lone speech Allen asserted
that the McKinley act had not produced
sufficient revenue, and he declared Mia
belief, if the Harrison administration had
remained in power, it would have issued
United States bonds before the 1st of April,
1893. He remarked that rumor had it that
Secretary Foster would have profited
largely by their issue.
Piatt (R.) of Connecticut asked Allen to
give his authority for that statement.
Allen naid that he made no such state
ment, he merely mentioned it as a rumor.
He had read at the time in the press dis
patches that Mr. Foster was to make two
and a half million dollars out of that
transaction.
In the course of a long speech, Allen pre
dicted the disruption of the Democratic
and Republican parties and the uniting of
the people under the banner of Populism
(or some other, like name), having for its
| motto, "A Government by the people, for
I the people and of the people."
At the closo of Allen's speech (at 4 p. M.),
the question was stated to be on Quay's
amendment to Gorman's amendment in
creasing the number of battle-ships to six.
A point of order was raised by Gorman
against Quay's amendment, that it in
creases the approDriation without an esti
mate, and the point was sustained.
Remarks favoring the bill for four battle
ships were maae by Call (D.)of Florida
and Bacon (D.) of Georgia, the latter giv
ing as a reason for his position the fact
that there was now a surplus in the treas
ury.
Gorman contradicted that statement
and showed that the surplus in the
treasury was more than covered by appro
priations made oy Congress, but not ex
pended.
"Every Senator knows," he said, "that
it will take every dollar now in the
treasury to meet current expenses and
these extraordinary appropriations, and
then will occur— before December next, in
my judgment— precisely what occurred
last year. The moment the treasury has
not a working balance the money sharks
will make another raid on the treasury
go'd. It will be run down below the
$100,000,000 limit, and then will follow the
sale of bonds again."
Chandler (R.) of New Hampshire said
he would be willing to see Gorman's
amendment adopted if an appropriation
were made for torpedo-boat destroyers
and torpedo-boats. The reduction of
battle-ships to two would bo a saving of
from ten to twelve millions. He there
fore gave notice of an amendment appro
priating $4,500,000 for thirty torpedo
boats and torpedo-boat destroyers.
The bill went over without acrion.
Hale stated that if it was not passed at 6
o'clock to-morrow he would ask then for
an executive session.
House bill increasing the pension of
William Grose of Newcastle, Ind., briga
dier-general of volunteers, to ?100 a month
was passed with an amendment making
the pension $75.
The Senate at 6 p. m. adjourned until to
morrow.
Three Contested Election Cases Are I)ia-
posed Of.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— The
House to-day disposed of the three con
tested election cases from Mississippi by
adopting the resolutions reported from
the Elections Committee confirming the
tittle of the sitting members, Allen, Wil
liams and Spencer, Democrats, to their
seats. The contestants in these cases
based their claims for the seats upon an
alleged violation of the Federal law regu
lating the representation of Mississippi in
Congress by the constitution of that State.
The committee declined to make a declara
tion upon that question.
A bill was passed increasing the pen
sion of General William Grose 01 Indiana
from $20 to $75 a montb. Five hours were
then devoted to a further discussion of the
bankruptcy bill, the general debate clos
ing with to-day's session. The principal
speakers were De Armond (D.) of Mis
souri, Tawney (R.) of Minnesota, and
Bailey (D.) of Texas, against the bill, and
Burton (R.) of Missouri, Culberson (D.) of
Texas, and Ray (K.) of New York, in fa
vor of the bill. The latter two admitted
their conversion from an attitude of
opposition to a bill containing the invol
untary feature. The discussion developed
the fact that the House was practically
unanimous in favor of a bill providing for
voluntary bankruptcy — the difference in
opinion was as to the incorporation of the
involuntary feature.
The letter of Governor Upham of Wis
consin, offering to Congress the statue of
Father Marquette on behalf of the S*ate ol
Wisconsin, was referred to the Committee
on Library.
At 5:40 o'clock the House adjournea
until to-morrow.Senator Cullom's Supporters
Quickly Compelled to
Capitulate.
TO JOIN THE BUCKEYES
Delegates Instructed to Present
the Name of the Ohio
Statesman.
GREAT WAVE OF ENTHUSIASM
Strangers Shake Hands, Friends Em
brace and Women Hug and
Exchange Kisses.
BPRINHFIELD, III., April 30.— The op
ponents of Governor McKinley'a Presiden
tial aspirations capitulated to-day before a
terrific onslaught of the friends of the
Ohio statesman. By a majority of 329 in a
total vote of 1335— a majority as unex
pected to the supporters of the Ohioan as
it was staggering to Senator Ctillom and
his friends— the Republican State Conven
tion instructed the four delegates-at-large
from Illinois to the St. Louis convention
not merely to vote for and support the
Ohio candidate, but actually to present his
name to tiiat body as the candidate and
choice of Illinois for the .Presidential nomi
nation.
It is true the form in which the resolu
tion was adopted — the substitution of Me-
Kinley's name in the Cuilom resolution—
waa due to the over zeal of a delegate who
anticipated the regular JtcKinley indorse
ment which was to have been presented by
the spokesman of hi^ following, but in the
enthusiasm and uproar that attended the
contest between the two factions this point
was lost to consideration, and as a result,
by the record as it stands, the Illinois dele
gation to St. Louis may, should it see fit to
carry out its instructions to the letter,
claim a share with tne Buckeyes in pre
senting to the convention the favorite ton
of Oiiio.
That the outcome was a crushing defeat
for Senator Culiora and the Chicago ele
ment that for years has held the Repub
lican party fast i;i its iron grip, is con
ceded alike by vanquished and victors,
and the result will be to make the coun
try Republicans for years to come more
]><>ter.t than heretofore in the councils of
the party. All that j<ood per.eralsbip, in
fluence and trading of votes for the va
rious candidates on the Hrate ticket could
do was done by the defeated faction to de
. iree expression of the McKinley ele
ment. It captured the committees and
dictated the principal nominations and up
to within an hour of the crucial test even
the McKinleyitea wore almost willing to
con ftss that their fight had been a losing
one. The turning point came when a can
didate for Auditor, who was especially
championed by an anti-Catholic organiza
tion and to whom the machine had
pledged its lull support, was defeated by a
Limed veteran of the war by less than
a baker's dozen of votes. The sentiment
attached to the old blue uniform had
more to do with the result than any other
consideration, but the friends ot the de
feated candidate, and they ran up into the
hundreds, charged treachery upon the
machine.
From the moment the result of the bal
lot was declared it was evident the oppo
sition had lost its grip, and when the op
portune moment arrived not only did the
delegates who had received instructions or
indorsements stand to their guns, but the
unlnstructed brigades poured broadside
after broadside into the anti-McKinley
ranks.
Before the last county had recorded its
vote the majority of the opposition was
tumbling over itself in its eagerness to se
cure seat3 in the band-wagon, and before
the clerks had been given time to foot
the figures for an official: announcement
the chosen country champions of Senator
Culloin and the leader of the Chicago fac
tion were shouting against each other to
securt the substitution of the name of Me-
Kinley for that of Cullom and to advocate
toe adoption by acclamation of the resolu
tion as amended. Three of the proposed
deleprates-at-large whose names were to
have gone on the anti-instructions ticket,
Nixon and Patterson of Chicago and ex-
Governor Fifer, will go to St. Louis under
the new conditions, while keeping their
company will be the especial net and pride
of the country McKinleyites, the vener
able "Uncle Dick" Oglesby.
To-night with bands and bann?r?, glee
clubs, torches, red tire and songs of tri
umph, the visitors had undisputed pos
session of the capital city.
Chairman Berry called the impatient
delegates to order at 9:45 o'clock. To pre
vent a repetition of the demonstration of
yesterday, when the galleries created pan
demonium whenever a McKinley cham
pion made himself conspicuous, the issue
of general admission tickets for the second
day had been restricted one-half.
Nominations for Secretary of State were
called for. Speeches were barred. Five
candidates were named — John A. Reeves
of Decatur, George C. Kankin of Mori
mouth, James A. Kose of Golconda, Isaac
>'. Pearson of Macomb and Homer j. Tice
of Greenview. Rose was nominated on
the third ballot.
The following candidates for Auditor
■were placed in nomination: C. J. Kinney
of Winnebago County, J. EL McCullough
of Champaign County, Thomas B. Needles
01 Washington County and N. B. Thistie
wood of Alexander County. After the
liist ballot Needles and Thistlewood with
drew and Mr. McCullough was nominated
on the second ballot.
Nominations for Treasurer were than in
order and. the claims of Henry L. Hertz of
Chicago, Dr. George A. Sellars of Peoria,
Charles Fetzer of Springfield and Mayor
Albert F. Schoch of Ottawa were presented.
Mr. Hertz was nominated on the first bal
i^V- ■■;.'..:' ; - V ■•'.'• ■ ' ■ . : "■' ■
For Attorney-General, Edward C> Aitken
of Joiiet was nominated on the second
Liallot. ■ ■ :".':' j
Just as soon as ti:e attorney-generalship
had been disposed of the decks were cleared
for the resolution on instructions. -The
chair insisted on absolute order and the
sergeant-at-arma compelled order and all
on the floor to be seated. This accom
plished. Senator Fuller of Belvedere
mounted a chair in the center of the Chi
cago delegation and submitted a resolution
iufiiruciirig the delegates at large to be
selected to present to the National Re
publican Convention the name of Shelby
M. Cullom as the choice of Illinois for the
Presidency. The cheering with which this
was greeted was confined almost entirely
to the left wing of the hall, the Chicago
men getting up on chairs, waving hats and
handkerchiefs and yelling frantically for
"Cullom and victory."
When the resolution had been read a
second time by the clerk there was a
cyclone of "noes," hisses and groans.
■With considerable heat the chair appealed
for order, declaring that he would keep
the convention in session all night unless
he could secure sufficient order to enable
each side to have a fair and honest hear
ing. This had its effect and Senator Fuller
forced his way through the crowd to the I
platform, where he made a short Bpeech. I
The speaker concluded somewhat abruptly.
He had scarcely turned his back when
Delegate S. H. Bethea of Dixon, anticipa
ting Speaker Calnoun, jumped upon a
ohair and moved to substitute the name of
McKiniey for that of Cullom in the resolu
tion. The demonstration that greeted the
mention of McKiniey was terrific. Two
thirds of the convention and the thousands
in the gallery rose en masse and cheered
for three consecutive minutes and the
tempest was repeated when the chair re
peated the°amendment.
Speaser Calhoun was then recognized
and eulogized McKiniey, and ex- Attorney -
General Hunt made a brief speech in
behalf of the Ohio man. The shouts of
"vote," however, rendered his utterances
almost inaudible, and then Senator Fuller
closed the debate with a final plea for Cul
lom.
At this juncture Delegate Messick of
East St. Louis moved that the instruc
tions for both Cullom and McKiniey be
tabled. This was met with a storm of dis
approval, and Calhoun made the point of
order that under the resolution adopted
yesterday a direct vote should be taken
without evasion or subterfuge. But the
chair ruled against him and accepted the
situation.
A ballot was ordered on the motion to
table, and this time there was no necessity
for an appeal for order from the chair.
Delegates and spectators alike kept tab,
and the silence was only broken by the
cheers that greeted the heavy McKiniey
votes from uninstructed delegations. Cook
County gave the Ohioan 82 votes, or about
half of what had been anticipated, but the
country district, immediately lollowmg
rolled up their tens and scores and hun
dreds against the senior Senator from
Illinois.
Here and there a delegation that was in
structed for McKiniey gave a solitary vote
the other way, but in the overwhelming
majority the instructions were respected
and indorsements regarded as just as good
as instructions. The only notable viola
tion was that of this (Sangamon) county,
the twenty delegates from which, in sDite
of McKiniey instructions, voted solidly
for their fellow-townsman, Senator Cullom.
When Stephenson County had been
passed, with fifteen counties still to hear
fronu the motion to table was defeated by
ten majority. .There was an attempt to
renew the. enthusiasm of '.. a few moments
before, but the delegates wanted the full
vote, and it was not until Woodford, the
last county, on the list, had been called
that the pent-up feeling broke loose. Then
the convention wenti.nto hysterics. Cheer
after cheer followed and banners and
lithographs of Ohio's ex-Governor were
waved in a dozen parts of. the hall.
Tiie footing of the convention, secretaries,
gave the result as 834 against tabling the
instructions to 502 in favor, a majority of
329, but before the vote could be announced '
Senator Fuller was on his chair to move
that in t.he resolution which he had pre
sented the name of William McKiuley be
substituted for that of Shelby M. Cullom.
This capitulation of the opposition again
let loose the enthusiasm and it swelled
into a cyclone when Alderman Madden, on
behalf of the Cook County machine, fol
lowed suit with a motion that the substitu
tion of McKinley's name be made by ac
clamation. The compact was sealed with
a mighty shout and then for ten minutes
the victorious element gave itself up to a
general jubilation. Men who had never
met before shook hands like old acquain
tances, frienas embraced friends, and the
women on the platform kissed and hugged
each other. But the defeated Chicago men
took, the situation hard. They sat glum
and morose and refused the invitation of
the victors to make the best of it and join
with good grace in the jollification.
Presently they ' had a small revenge.
The report of the committee appointed
yesterday to name delegates at large, and
which had been made up in Cullom 's in
terest, was presented. It named William
Pen n Nixon of the Chicago Inter Ocean,
R. W. Patterson of the Tribune, ex-Gov
ernor Fifer of Bloomington and David T.
Littler of Springfield.
The McKiniey majority of the Chicago
Three Hundred wanted Mayor George B.
Swift substituted for William Penn Nixon
and another tedious rollcall was in order.
Two hundred and fifty Chicagoans voted
against the Mayor, and, aided Dy Mr. Nix
on's large personal following in the county
delegations, succeeded in defeating Swift
by a majority of 105—720 to 615.
It was now after 7. o'clock. The great
building was in darkness save a few
spluttering are lights that only served to
intensify the gloom. The convention had
been in continuous sesr.ion for over ten
hours, but the delegates were not inclined
to maKe another day of it. Littler with
drew his name for elector and the Mc-
Kinleyites chose the venerable ex-Gov
ernor Oglesby in his stead. Patterson and
Fifer were acceptable to them, and their
names went through with a rush.
A couple of colored delegates got the
floor at this juncture to make a plea for
the recognition of their race on the list of
National alternates, and their oratorv
made so good an impression that W. Cha
vis of Adams County, a colored Republi
can leader, was elected in the place of
Georere W. Perkins of Pope, one of the
nominees of the committee.
The other names in its report, J. W. Ells
worth and Charles M. Pepper of Chicago
and Senator P. T. Chapman of Vienna,
were unanimously confirmed, and General
Horace Clark of Mattoon and Kabbi PZmil
Hirsch of Chicago were selected as electors
at large. Amid considerable confusion
Chariman James H. Gilbert read the re
port of the committee on resolutions and it
was perfunctorily adopted.
The features of the platform are em
bodied in tie following synopsis:
The present administration of Grover Cleve
land, by bad administration of good Republi
can laws and the enactment of bad Democratic
laws, has demonstrated that the Democratic
party is constitutionally incapable of manag
ing the affairs of this great nation.
The Republicans of Illinois are unyielding
and. emphatic in their demand '. for honest
money. We are opposed, as we ever have been,
to any and every scheme that will give to this
country a currency in any way depreciated or
debased, or in any respect inferior to the
money of the most advrnced and intelligent
nations of the earth. We favor the use of sil
ver as currency, but to the extent only and
under such restrictions that parity with gold
can be maintained.
The Republican . party from the time of
Lincoln has been \ devoted irrevocably to the
doctrine of protection to home industries, and
we hereby renew and reaffirm our faith in this
fundamental principle. We believe in a tariff
that will produce a revenue sufficient to meet
tbe wants of trie Government honestly and
economically administered and high enough
to insure to home labor regular and remunera
tive employment. We believe in reciprocity—
the reciprocity of James G. Blaine— re-enforced
by experience and an earnest wish to extend
our foreign commerce to the fullest extent
consistent with the control of our own markets
in the sale of articles that can be profitably
produced at home.
We believe in the exercise of a genuine
American spirit in all our intercourse with
foreign nations and are opposed to the exten
sion of monarchical institutions upon any
part of American soil; we condemn the vacil
lating and un-American policy of the present
Democratic administration and advocate a
firm, vigorous and dignified policy toward all
nations. And to that end we recommend the
further strengthening of our coast defenses
and such an enlargement of our navy as shall
command the respect of other governments
and will more effectually promote our peace
ful relations with all the world. We believe
that the sympathy of this Nation should be
extended to all peoples who have been driven
by oppression and wrong to take up arms in
behalf of self-government, and wo therefore
express our sympathy for the people of Cuba
in their struggle for independence.
The exact wording of the resolution of
instruction as adopted oy acclamation is
thus recorded by the official stenographer
of the convention :
Kcsolvcd, That the delegates to be elected by
this convention to the Republican National
Convention be and are hereby instructed to pre-
Bant to said National Convention the name of
the Hon. William McKinley of Ohio.
After the selection of three trustees of
the 8tate University the convention ad
journed sine die.
merce, growing out of the appropriation
of a little moie than $3,000,000 for the im
provement of Santa Monica harbor, Cali
fornia, will be carried into the Senate, Mr.
White of California having prepared a
minority report for that purpose.
Mr. "White contends that his appropria
tion was not placed in the bill at the sug
gestion of either of the California Senators
or at the instigation of the member of
Congress from the district in which Santa
Monica is situated. He strenuously con
tends that all these members of Congress
were opposed to It, and that the over
whelming sentiment of the people of Cali
fornia is in the same direction. Officials
of the Government, he says, charged with
the management of harbor improvements
have uniformly and unanimously re
ported against the breakwater proposed to
be constructed at that point.
Other reasons given are that the action
of the committee establishes a dangerous
precedent, as it disregards the carefully
formed opinions of the board of engineers ;
the location of this extensive work is arbi
trary,and is at a point demanded by private
I interests only; its ultimate success is but
problematical ; the proper site for a harbor
is at Si'.n Pedro and not Santa Monica; if
there be a doubt a committee should in
quire into the subject as bet-ween the con
tending sites and a contract should be
made only on a full report.
Mr. "White further refers to the desires
of the Southern Pacific for the location
agreed upon by the majority, ana attrib
1 utes it to the fact that at that point the
' road has no rival, while at San Pedro it
, has competition. "No doubt," Bays Mr.
White, "the wharf at Santa Monica would
never have been built if the owners of the
structure did not feel themselves able to
overthrow the report of the engineers and
overcome local desires. Had it been sup
posed that the Government would make a
deep-sea harbor at San Pedro the venture
would not have been made."
1'rctidcnt Cleveland Itoes yot Approve of
the Appropriations.
WASHINGTON. D. C, April 30. -The
river and harbor bill will probably come
up for consideration in the Senate to
morrow afternoon after the naval bill is
disposed of. The bill will be vetoed by
President Cleveland without doubt. He
has been carefully reading the reports of
boards of United States engineers recom
mending San Pedro for the deep harDor
site, but whether he will make the Santa
Monica appropriation the basis for his
veto is, of course, only a matter of con
jecture. It is known that he objects to an
outright appropriation of $10,000,000 car
ried by the bill, in view of the low p. ate of
finances of the Nation, and opposps tbe
ultimate expenditure of $<J0,000 ,000 addi
tional (under the continuous contract
system), which future Congresses will
have to provide for; but those who have
talked with him lately believe that he
will also have something to say about the
Santa Monica job.
Senator Frye, chairman of the Commerce
Committee, which reported the river and
Harbor bill, said to The Call correspond
ent to nigbt: "Yes, I have heard it ru
mored that the President intended to veto
the biil, and I believe that he will do so."
Senator Perking of California says the
bill will undoubtedly pass over his veto,
however, as two-thirds of the members of
both houses have enough "pork" in the
barrel to insure their votes. Mr. Perkins
said: "I shall certainly stand by ray col
league, Mr. White, in his fight against
Saata Monica, but if the Senate should
refuse to eliminate this paragraph— and
the bill goes to the President and is vetoed
by him — I will vote to override the veto,
for although the Santa Monica appropria
tion is objectionable, there are so many
features in the bill of vast benefit to Cali
fornia that I would not feel justified in
voting against the bill in its entirety."
If the bill comes up in the Senate to
morrow Senators White and Perkins will
both speak against the Santa Monica ap
propriation. Senator White's speech wili
follow the lines of his minority report.
W. C. Patterson, president of the Los
Angeles Board of Trade, said to The Call
correspondent to-nisut:
"I consider Senator White's minority
report the most forcible and comprehen
sive statement of the harbor situation
which has yet been made. It is dignitied
and yet pungent and scathing. It bristles
with statements of fact which cannot be
controverted, and which should be over
whelmingly convincing to any unbought
and unpurchasable mind. Since observ
ing for two weeks the methods which are
being used to defeat the project of a deep
water harbor at San Pedro, and having
been told that the only hope of securing
anything is by joining a combination with
G. P. Huntingto-n and yielding to his de
sires I have modified my previous conserva
tism. I have reached the deliberate con
clusion that the people of Los Angeles had
infinitely better receive no appropriation
at all for a deep-sea harbor than to sur
render their sell-respect by bowing at the
shrine of King boodle and becoming his
craven beneliciaries. If this be treason,
make the best of it."
Entrancing Profusion of
Beautiful Blossoms
and Plants.
LILIES AS TALL AS MEN.
Roses as Big as Footballs and
Plenty of Them at Red
wood City.
THE FLOWER SHOW EXERCISES.
Germania Hall Crowded— Many Visit
ors From All Over the Country.
The Baseball Game.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal., April 30.— San
Mateo County's floral revels are now fairly
on, and these are Redwood City's gala
days. The Queen of the carnival of roses
was crowned last night; necessarily, there
fore, Redwood City awoke at a later hour
this morning.
Now that the coronation ceremonies
and ball are things of the glorious past,
people realize how great the success really
was and what a dazzling spectacle they
witnessed.
This afternoon— a little late, because the
decoration committee's work was delayed
a little — the great flower .thow opened in
Germania Hall, and this evening the for
mal opeuing exercises were held. The
hall itself was beautifully decorated with
foliage and blossoms, roses and evergreens
predominating, though there was lots of
line ferns and some wild flowers. The
front of the stage was covered with gar
landa of pink roses and green foliage, and
in the center of the hall was a hiirh tower,
built of ferns and trimmed with roses.
One could scarcely mention in detail all
the exceptionally pretty features of the
fair of roses, but some of the special ex
hibits really demand notice. One of these
is Mrs. J. B. iN'hroeder's table, near the
entrance to the hall. On a large semi
circular table, covered with a Nile green
cloth, are a wonderful profusion of sweet
peas and roses. The sweet peas predomi
nate. They are of many varieties, giving
an exquisite perfume, and of monster size.
Mrs. Schroeder has also a smaller table,
showing oranges which were grown at her
home at Bay Kulge.
Another feature of the fair ia the corner
table of Sirs. James A. Robinson of Red
wood City. Behind it is a lattice-work
niece filled with red roses, and on the
tables in front are big roses in vases —
altogether a collection that would make
its owner rich if it could be transported to
New York by some magician's wand.
Indeed, a stranger from the East would
think Koine magic alone could produce
all this profusion of blossoms in April,
and, of course, he would be quite right in
his guess. There is a deal of magic in it
all — the magic performed by Dame Nature
for her favored sons and daiif/uters of the
Santa Clara Valley — a magic beyond the
wildest dreams of Kabauli-t or M ahiit :na.
Mrs. George C. Jloss' collection is quite
unique in its way, even for San Maieo
County. All her flowers arc watched and
nursed by her own sympathetic hand, and
she has red roses as bi^ as a football, Paul
Neyrou roses and callas as high as the
tallest man. Mrs. Ross' place is at Wood
neath, Belmont. She has two large tables
at the fair. One of these is devoted almost
entirely to the beautiful pelargoniums; the
other table groans under a burden of
Shirley poppies, snapdragons, sweet peas,
maidenhair ferns.
Just above Mrs. Ross' tables is the
Queen's dais, upon which the throne rests
in a perfect fairy's bower of roses and
delicate greiT) thinps. All in all the deco
rations of the hall are very beautiful.
Flowers abound lavishly and in exotic
abundance. The whole hall is a fairy dell,
from which one hesitates to depart and
regrets that it cannot be photographed in
its existing colors. Some of the other
notable features of the fair, together with
the names ot their lady patronesses, aro as
follows:
Japanese tea garden— Mrs. K. E. Cpoper; as
sistants—Miss Addie Underiiill, Miss Jennie
Kelly, Miss Clara Mirainoutes, Miss Charlotte
Miramonte*.
Single rose voting booth— Mi>s Alta Turner,
Miss Eugenia Turner, Miss Hallie Nelson.
Icecream booth— Mrs. H. \\ . snow, Mrs. C.
Jacobus; assistants— Miss Lottie Christ, Miss
Blanche Walker, Miss May Cook, Miss Olga
Heiner, Miss Kdna Hatch.
Candy booth— Mrs. Robert Brown; a?sist
ants—Miss Mattie Btelter, Miss Madeline Bart
lett, Miss Maud Beesou.
Lemonade booth— Mrs. Fred Olrnnan; as
sistants—Miss Kaunie Crowe, Miss Clara Crowe,
Ida IJinma Harvey.
Queen Lillian and her maids of honor
held high court at Germania Hall this
evenine. J. J. Bullock was the Prime Min
ister for the time being, and presided over
the exercises. These began with a very
neat little speech by Mr. Bullock, in which
he announced the formal opening of the
San Mateo County tloral festival, after
which he introduced as the orator of the
evening A. J. Thatcher of this city. Col
onel E. F. Preston was to have delivered
the address of -he evening, but at the last
moment his law business called him to
Stockton. So Mr. Thatcher was induced
to perform the important function. He
congratulated the Free Kindergarten As
sociation upon the splendid success that
so far had attended their efforts, and also
congratulated San Mateo County st large
upon the success of this its tirst carnival
season, and upon the enthusiasm and un
selfishness with which everybody seemed
to have entered into the spirit of the oc
casion.
Mr. Thatcher spoke of the eeneral bene
fit of floral festivals in this State. They
not onlv helped greatly to advertise Cali
fornia in the East, but they served as oc
casions of healthful outings lor the people
at large, induced many people of the city
to get out into the country and enjoy na
ture's own beauty and freshness. The
festival also did much toward bringing out
the true spirit of mutual help among
neighbors, and the desire to work together
harmoniously for a common good. San
Mateo County would be immensely bene
fited by the present festival, he felt as
sured, and this would be but the begin
ning of many future successful floral carni
vals.
Mr. Thatcher's address was succeeded by
the following programme:,
Horn solo ...;.. .....Ed Tribolet
Living picture, "On Ureas Parade," by....;.,,.
George Puole I • Tom Curran
Carl Brleger Arthur Lotbrop
Bert hold Werder : Bert Lovie
Krnest Werder Albert Mamfleld
Bert Leahy Harold Hefner
Vocal solo .James Lynch
Vocal duet The Misses Wynne
Sash drill and tableau, by
Olca Helner " Ella McNulty
.Mabel McXamara Ruble Wilson
Jessie Gilbert Mattie Jordan
Heuie Allen . Dagmar Hyndlng
Lulu Knights
Spanish song (in costume) Miss L. Miramontes
Friday afternoon the programme will
consist mainly of exercises by the kinder
garten pupils. There will be first a grand
Maypole dance, then games and songs,
by the following pupils:
Jesse Wlnne Aleen Glennan
OttoOffermann Korma Jacobus '
J.i-liiiid itathone ■ Koby Lipp
Florence Stelter Lisa 2\air
•Evelyn Curren Henry Boose
Lester Mullen Charley Bomberg
Helen Boose Kugene Kerr
Leon a Bean Archie Mayberry
Jsabelle Beer -.' l'e«rl Morrel
Hazel Haumerson Mareuerete Winters
M argil e Mansfield Frauds Kerr
Floyd Ulennau Jennie Bono
Muriel Thatcher Adolph Assorio
Helen Curren Edna Chrl3tenson
Lisle Winters Irma Joyce
The remaining features of the pro
gramme, which will be continued Friday
evening ana Saturday afternoon and even
ing, are as follows:
Cornet duet.'. Hurlburt brothers
Living pic. lire. "Sweethearts"
Miss Nellie HammersQn and Koy Cloud.
Living picture, "Fortune Telling"
Miss Mary Uenochia. Miss Florence Barry,
Miss Alt* Turner.
Whistling solo Miss Mary Winne
Vocal solo William McDonald
Living picture, "Lilies" Miss Marie Heiuer
Instrumental duet
the Misses Lulu and Mary Winne
Piano solo Miss Dollie Kearse
Selections Stanford Lady Mandolin Club
Flute solo Dr. .1. H. Mallard
Living picture, "Meditation" Miss Lucy Winne
Living picture. "Pets" Miss Minnie Hughes
Statuary, "Galatea"... Miss Mary Coot
Among the noticeable private decora
tions in Redwood City is one of the big
show windows of Einstein & Small, the
dry-goods merchants, on Main street, next
to The Call oilice. There is a very taste
ful display of plants, grasses and flowers
here that attracts a good deal of attention
from the visitors, and is an additional
pride of Redwood City.
Across the street is the Magnolia Res
taurant, run by F. A. Fouts. Its interior
and exterior has been appropriately dec
orated for the occasion. There are, indeed,
on every hand, not only in Redwood City
but at San Mateo ami in other parts of the
county, many evidences of the hearty sup
port accorded this floral festival by the
people of Pan Mateo County.
As the bicycle track is not in good con
dition, the tournament scheduled for Sat
urday afternoon has been postponed, but
in its stead will be the boss baseball game
of the season in Fan Mateo County, De
tween the Eedwood Citys and the Menlo
Park boys. The match will be held at the
Daseball grounds inside the bicycle track
at Redwood City. It will be a hot game
from start to finish, for the two teams are
pretty evenly matched. There is a purse
of $25 for the winning team, and this will
not cool the ardor of the players.
P. P. Chamberlain, the County Treasu
rer, is manager of the game and the um
pire is yet to be chosen. The teams are
composed as follows;
1IKNLOPARK- BKDVOOD PITY.
K. Weeden Catcher O. Mulvey
Jeff Pitcher.. G. Stalter
1. .Mulom-y First base ..C. Btalter
li. Weeden second base F. Joyce
C. JUissoll Tli ird base E. Gould
K. Weedi-n Shortstop K. Mulvey
.1, Maloney J,eft field D. EL Stafford
W. Canny Center field II. I.ovie
J. luyior KIrih field VV. Murphy
This afternoon the Teachers' Institute
adjourned after a most successful meeting
and many of the pedagogues remained in
town to enjoy tne rest of the carnival sea
son.
The Citu »« ' Af Mor« Oayly Attired
Than Ever It* fore.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30.— The work of
decorating the streets for the carnival of
roses beeaii to-day under the direction of
the street decorating committee. Every
telegraph and telephone pole and all signs
in the business part of the city will be
decorated with a redwood tree. Seveu car
loads have been received and it is expected
more will be required. The streets to be
decorateu in this manner are: i^anta Clara
street, from the narrow-gauge depot to
Third street; from the broad-gauge depot
to San Carlos street on First, from St.
James square to San Antonio street on
iSecond, from the broad-gauge depot to the
City Hall on Market street.
The buildings of the city will be hand
somely festooned with bunting and ever
greens, and across the streets will be
stretched lines of Haps, banners and car
nival colors. Immense banners with the
word "Welcome" will also be displayed
across the principal streets.
The decorated streets will be illuminated
at ni^'tit with vari-colored Chinese lan
terns and tne city will present a prand ap
]>earance during the evenings of the car
nival.
On Saturday, the last day of the carnival ,
there will be a race meet under the aus
pices of tlie Garden City Cyclers. One of the
features of the day will be an attemnt by
Wilbur J. Edwards, paced by a sextuplet,
to lower the world's .one-mile record. The
events scheduled are: A novice race (one
mile), one miie scratch and two-thirds
mile handicap, amateur, and a two-thirds
mile scratch and a one-mile Landicap pro
fessional.
The C'ifw a Yrritahh- Hvehive — K%-erybody t
Working for the Fiesta.
HEALOSBURG, Cai,.. April 30.— Even
a Btrangcr visiting this city would note
that something unusual was on the tapis.
Carpenters are blockading the business
thoroughfares, and piles of lumber are
stacked on the grass plats of the public
square to be used on the band stand and
queen's stand. Great piles of evergreens
are stacked up to be used in covering
arches, towers and stands, and the festive
small boy is intently watching the pro
ceedings.
This all means that Healdsburg is pre
paring for its second annual floral festival
to be held here, commencing on Wednes
day of next week. The festival directors
are busily at work arranging details lor
the fiesta and giving instructions to the
sub-committees, and everything is so that
the big show will be ready to open on
schedule time, will be at their
best during the dates, for the cold weather
kept the buds back, and now the warm
sun is bringing them out in all their
splendor.
"Queen Alice Haigh has selected her
maids of honor, and the six fair girls who
will do duty are the Misses Nellie I'etrav,
Lena Zane, Edna Biddie, Violet Luedke,
Nettie Barnes and Zoe Bates.
The race meet promises well, the track
will be at its best, and several of the crack
riders of Central California will compete
for the prizes offered. Local wheelmen
are happy to-night over the victory of
Ben H. Barnes at the Santa Rosa meet.
SEATTLE, Wash. , April 30.— A telegram
from Departure states that the steamer
Mexico, which it is expected will bring au
thentic news from the steam schooner
I.akme, about which so much anxiety is
felt, will arrive in port to-morrow morning
about 4 o'clock.
TACOMA, Wash., April 29.— Two car
loads of steel plates have arrived for the
new torpedo-boats, which are expected to
be finished before contract time. Moran
Bros, report that the work will now be
pushed vigorously. ]
Bad Day for Lovern and
Ardell at Their Ex
amination.
TEE OMINOUS THIRTEEN
Testimony of the Thirteenth Wit
ness Causes Defendants
Uneasiness.
IS A SALVATION ARMY MAN
And Tells How He Furnished the
Powder for the Job and Then
Became Scared.
VI8ALIA, Cai», April 30.— At the pre
liminary examination of Lovern and
Ardell, the prosecution to-day introduced
thirteen witnesses and adjourned until
morning. Leon Goldstein, clerk for the
Sweet Company, testified that Si Lovern
purchased 10 cents worth of cheesecloth
on March 18, Lovern remarking at the
time, "I want it for the old woman to hang
outside." The sample of cloth and the
piece around the lantern was similar to
that sold to Lovern.
Eugene Kequard, alias Frenchy, the
porter of Lovern & Ardcll's saloon, swore
that on the 18th he was carrying in wooti
at the French laundry when Lovern came
to him and said, "Frenchy, I want you to
go and get my two guns and dog-collar."
He could not remember the time of day.
There were several men in the saloon
when he gave them to Si and walked
away.
M. L. Weaver, gunsmith, identified the
two guns broughc to hiB shop by Billy Ross
and afterward delivered to Requard, or the
man known as Frenchy, on the morning
of March 18.
Tlie thirteenth witness, John Haines — a
Salvation Army man — said his name was
"Mr. Haines." He had been acquainted
with Lovern four years and with McCall
and Britt two or three months. Was in
troduced to McCall by Ben Hicks. He ad
mitted having had conversations with
Lovern, Ardeil, McCall and Britt about
the attempted train robbery.
Witness was cutting wood near his
home when McCaJl came by and asked
him if he wanted to "make a stake" easily.
He said '"Yes." McCall then told him he
meant to rob a train and wanted him to
stand in. They met a few times and tne
matter was mentioned again. Finally,
two or three weeks after, McCall invited
witness to go to Visalia and confer with
Lovern and Ardell about the matter. He
did so on Saturday evening, attending the
Salvation Army meeting first. Was intro
duced to Lovern by McCall as his friend.
Lovern, Ardell and McCall were in tbe sa
loon consulting together. He talked
awhile with them, they assuring him that
their plan was a good way to make a for
tune soon. Next Saturday night, after
meeting again, he visited the saloon and
had another talk with the three. Lovern
showed him the guns and said he would
have them fixed up well ; also a sixshoot
er. At the next visit Lovern urged him to
stay with them and not back out, as there
was a good stake in it. The three were
there again. Lovern assured witness that
he and Ardell would be there at the rob
bery if they were needed. Lovern also
said he would furnish the guns. This
meeting was the Saturday nignt before the
attempt.
All were to get a share of the money
captured. Haines was to furnish the giant
powder, as McCall said he didn't have
any, and Lovern and Ardell thought it
would look suspicious if they bought it in
town, and woodchoppera generally had
some. On March 17 he brought the powder
to McCall and Britt. Next day McCall
told him "it was generally the third man
that gave these robberies away." He,
being the third man, got frightened and
quit.
Haines' testimony, beine; different than
the counsel for defense expected, caused
the defendants to shift uneasily in their
seats, also causing counsel and clients
to put their heads together.
What Millionaire Jilist Sate Where the
Itntn Has Cut.
VISALIA, Cal., April 30.— When George
D. Bliss, the ruillonaire stock-raiser, was
put on the stand to-day to testify in the
contempt proceedings in the Farmers'
Ditch Company case, as published ex
clusively in The Call of April 21, on being
asked if he saw anything on that Sunday
when he visited the scene of the cutting
of the dam, "Yes," he said, "I saw there
a gang of outlaws."
After one or two more questions and an
swers had gone into the record counsel for
the Kaweah and Mill Creek Company,
who had not understood exactly what Mr.
Bliss said, objected and wished to have
the term "outlaws" stricken out.
Judge Cross said the objection should
have been made sooner and overruled their
motion.
Later witness spoke of seeing J. J. Fulg
ham there and said the rest of them
seemed to look up to him as though he
were a pod. Mr. Bliss said he thought Mr.
Fulgham was too good a man to be up
tbere working on Sunday. He designated
tuo whole crowd at work on the dam as
outlaws ard too cowardly to do that work
on a week day. He told them there that
this business would cost somebody $10,000;
also, that they were all guilty of violating
an injunction and were in contempt of
court.
The Defendant* Held to Appear Before
the Superior Court.
WOODLAND, Cal., April 30.— The pre
liminary examination of Collum and
Shepherd, charged with burning the
Woodland Woolen-mills, was concluded
to-day. The defendants were held to ap
pear before the Superior Court, with bonds
tixed at $2000 each.
SEATTLE, Wash., April SO.— United
States Senator Watson C. Squire tele
graphed ex-Sheriff William Cockrane to
day that he had secured an appropriation
of $20,000 pur year tor the improvement of
the White, Black: and Duwamish rivers in
King County, until they are put in naviga
ble condition. An appropriation of about
$75,000, the Senator said, had also been
made for toe improvement of the Noon
sack, l'uyaliup and Skagit rivers iu this
State.
34
The Wind-Up of a Busy
Week at San Luis
Obispo.
A LONG DAY WELL SPENT
Every Section of the State Is
Represented in the Grand
Body.
THE BANQUET IN THE EVENING
Raising of the United States Flag at
Monterey to Be Celebrated
May 7.
SAN 1/0 IS OBISPO, Cal., April 30.—
The officers elected by the Native Sons of
the Golden West at the Grand Parlor ses
sion to-day are as follows :
Grand President— Henry C. Gesford of Napa.
Grand Vice-President— George I>. Clark ol
Ean Francisco.
Grand Secretary— Henry Lnnstedt of San
Francisco.
Grand Treasurer— Henry B. Martin of San
Francisco.
Grand Lecturer— William M. Conley of Ma
dera.
Grand Orator— Frank MattUon of Santa Cruz.
Grand Inside Sentinel— 0. C. Dunbar of Santa
Rosa.
Grand Outside Sentinel— Joseph D. Norris of
Centerville.
Grand Trustees — J. fl. Blake of San Luis
Oblspo, R. C. Rubt of Jackson, Milton D. Mar
ratt of San Francisco, Frank L. Coombs of
Napa, Frank Sabichl of Los Angeles, Rod W.
Church of Oakland, P. E. Zabala of Salinas.
The whole day was occupied with the
election work of the convention, and it
was 11 o'clock at night when the delegates
got away from the hall and proceeded to
the banquet-room.
In the forenoon the report of the
finance committee was adopted. It was
resolved that in the future the president
be not compelled to answer mere queries
addressed to him by individuals of sub
ordinate parlors concerning the interpre
tation of the laws of the order. It was
further resolved that only decisions on
statement of fact certified by the president
and secretary of subordinate parlors be
permitted in the digest.
Carroll Cook presented a resolution em
powering the grand president ana grand
vice-president to make arrangements to
have a complete digest of all decisions of
grand presidents and action of the Grand
Parlor thereon printed in book form. The
resolution was adopted.
Then the nomination of officers was be
gun. Frank L. Coombs of Napa nominated
Gesford lor grand president. B. F. Wool
ner of Athens seconded the nomination.
The grand secretary was instructed to cast
the ballot of the Grand Parlor for Gesford.
Past Grand President Miller placed
George D. Ciark in nomination for first
vice-president, and there being no opposi
tion the irrand secretary cast the ballot.
Frank Sabichi of Los Angeles nominated
Henry Lunstedt for re-election as grand
secretary and the ejection wa3 recorded.
Past Grand President M. A. Dorn nomi
nated Henry S. Martin for treasurer and
the election was made unanimous.
C. M. Casein of AVatsonville placed W.
M. Conley in nomination for grand lec
turer. There was no opposition.
The contests were begun with the elec
tion of a grand orator. Past Grand Presi
dent Dorn nominated Edward A. Meserve
of Los Angeles. James D. Phelan of San
Francisco placed L. F. Byington of San
Francisco in nomination. Past Grand
Frank D. Ryan nominated Grand Trustee
Frank Mattison. Tiie first ballot resulted :
Byington 79, Mattison 78, Meserve 41, scat
tering 1.
The election was decided on the third
ballot, as follows: Votes cast 192, neces
sary to a choice 97; Meserve 18, Byington
89, Mattison 105.
On motion of Meserve, Wattison'n elec
tion was made unanimous by acclama
tion.
The candidates for «»rand inside sentinel
were C. 0. Dunbar of Santa Foaa, George
Van Orden of San Francisco and J. M.
Dugan of Badlands. Tiiere was only one
vote, which resulted: Dunbar 109, Van
Orden 54, Dugan 18.
In tee grand outside sentinel contest
Past Grand President Thomas Flint Jr.
nominated John Leathers Jr. of Wood
land, Grand Trustee Percy V. Long named
Joseph D. Norris of Centerville, Charles E.
Snoofc of Oakland nominated A. W.
Fiedler of Liverraore, and George E. de
Golia of Oakland nominated Joseph A.
Bouqnet of Oakland. Three votes were
taken. The candidate receiving the lowest
number of votes was dropped out at each
ballot, and the results were as follows:
First ballot— Norris 61, Leathers 57, Bou
quet 48. Fiedler 27.
Second ballot— Norris 93, Leathers 58,
Bouquet 41.
Third ballot— Norri3 119, Leathers 62.
The candidates in the election of the
Bcven grand trustees were: Carroll Cook,
Milton J). Garratt and James Dockery of
Ban Francisco; Rod W. Church of Oak
land, R. C. Rust of Jnckson, Frank L.
Coombs of Napa, W. J. Sills of San Diego,
Charles M. Cassin of VTatsonville, A. P.
Brady of Grass Valley, A. T. Hyde of
Merced, B. A. Ilenngton of San Jose, J. F.
Schaffer of Gridlev, P. EL Zabala of Sa
linas, Frank Sabichi of Los Angele?, John
Tatharn of Hollister and J. B. Blako of
San Luis Obispo. Blake, the local candi
date, wa3 elected by acclamation, in ac
cordance with the usual form of courtesy.
Ru3t, Garratt. Coombs and Zabala were
elected on the first ballot, the vote stand
ing: Rust 137, Garratt 133, Coombs 131,
Zabala 102, Sills 81, Church 80, Brady 73,
Sabichi 61, IJerington 60, Casain 57, Cook
56, Dockery 50, Tatham 41, Schaffer 36,
Hyde 33.
At tho evening session 8abichi and
Church were elected. The final act of the
convention was the installation of the
new officers. John T. Greany of San
Francisco, pasi grand president, was the
installing officer.
James D. Phelan of San Francisco to
night introduced a resolution that the
fiftieth anniversary of the raising of the
United States flag at Monterey be ob
served with literary exercises at San Fran
cisco on July 7, of this year. The resolu
tion was adopted.
Tbe United State? man-of-war Phila
delphia is at Fort Harford and to-night
the Marine band added interest to the cele
bration. A reception was given to Ad-
miral Beardslee and other officers at the
Ram on a.
The concluding celebration by the dele
gates to the Grand Parlor convention was
the banauet in Mannerchor Hall, begin
ning at 11 o'clock. Speeches were made
by the newly elected officers and by John
T. Greany, Carroll Cook and others.
Many of the visitors were to have started
home this morning on the St. Paul, but
owing to the pressure of the convention
work and the social activity nobody got
away.
An Elaborate Concern Vnder Construe-
tion in Tehama County.
CHICO, Cal, April 30.— Homer "Wilson
of the Ashurst Colony has commenced
work on the creamery at Kirkwood, Teha
ma County, and when completed it will be
one of the most extensive in this section
of the State. It will have two cream sepa
rators and an ice plant and by means of
the latter three rooms will be kept at tem
peratures of 50, 47 and 40 deg., respective
ly, during the hottest summer days.
Mr. Wilson is one of a company which
owns seven large creameries in California
and Nevada, and this company has its own
commission house in Kan Francisco for
handling its own products. He says the
Kirkwood creamery will be constructed
upon the most improved ideas and when
completed the total cost will be about
$18,000. Its capacity will be for 3000 cows
and it is being constructed for the residents
of Ashurst Colony, who will conduct it on
the co-operative plan. A start will be
made with 300 cows and the number will
be gradually increased.
Mr. Wilson is conversant with the busi
ness in all its details and says the Kirk
wood creamery will turn out the very per
fection of butter, as well as manufacturing
fine French cheese— such as is used by the
Palace Hotel, Ban Francisco, and Del
monico'a.
Dr. Trueman Sues Santa Clara
County for Performing
an Autopsy.
A Little Boy Fires a House Just to
See It Burn — Swindled
His Landlady.
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30.— Dr. J. E.
Trueman to-day began suit against the
county of Santa Clara in Justice Dwyer's
court for $200 alleged to be due for per
forming an autopsy over the remains of
Klerer Frost, who died in this city on July
16. 1895. Erwin Frost, a son of the de
ceased, claimed tbat his father had been
poisoned, and at the request of Coroner
Becord Dr. Trueman, Dr. Cbauncev Burr
and Dr. Cunningham, a chemist at "Berke
ley, were called in to liold an autowsy and
make a chemical analysis. The previous
sum allowed for autopsies was $25, and the
county refused to ray the claims. In this
case the body hud to'be exhnmed and the
doctors claim tbe fee is a just one. Similar
»uits were also tiled by Drs. Burr and Cun
ningham for $200 each.
Burned a House " Just to See It Go Up
in Smoke."
SAN JOSE, Cal., April 30. — Gussie
Brecbtel.aged 8 years, and a self-confessed
arsonist, was brought before Justice Dwyer
by his mother this afternoon to be repri
manded for burnine a vacant house on the
Cottle ranch, on the Monterey road, last
Monday afternoon. Young l^rcchtel, in
company with Bertie and George Sullivan,
aged 8 and 11 years, respectively, played
truant from school on Monday i and com
ing across the deserted bouse on the Cottle
ranch set it on fire, "just to see it go up in
smoke." Justice Owyer Rave the young
ster a good lecture and allowed him to go.
The loss is about $600.
Hote a San JFrnndtmn SrttJed a Hoard
Tiill at >(!■! i/oii>.
SAN JOSE, Cat.., April 30.— Mrs. Emm*
Manner, proprietress of the Commercial
Hotel, has sworn to a warrant charging
Thomas A. Clark, a former boarder, with
forgery. Clark became indebted to the
hotel for $12 board, and when pressed for
money he gave Mr*. Manner a check drawn
on the Safe Deposit Bank by T. W. Hobson
& Co. for $15. She took the check and gave
Clark $3 in exchange, and tbe latter at
once left the house. When tbe check was
presented at the bank it was pronounced
a forpery. Clark is believed to be a San
Francisco crook.
Wat Hunting Hint* on a Strawberry
Ranch Tt'lth Ttca Gun*.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 30.—
Sheriff Hick9 this afternoon received a
telephone messace telling him that the
dead body of an unknown bov had been
found in a canyon near the Stow ranch,
beyond La Patera, some sixteen miles
away. No explanation has been made of
this mysterious affair beyond the intima
tion that the lad may have been one em
ployed on a Chineso strawberry ranch in
the vicinity.
To-night the Sheriff and Coroner brought
in the body of the boy reported as killed
on the Stow ranch. The boy proves to be
Eddie Dotty, a lad of 15, better known as
Eddie True, whose mother and stepfather
live in this city. The young fellow was
engaged as a strawberry-picker by some
Chinamen, lessees of thu Stow ranch,
owned by a son of the late S. P. Stow of
Han Francisco, thirteen miles from here,
the «( one of the tragedy being in a canyon
a mile above the Stow residence.
The Chinaman states that birds had
been destroying his berry crop of late, and
he gave the boy a commission to slisot
them while he and another Celestial and
a smaller American boy were picking ber
ries.. He heard the report of she gun
about 9 o'clock this morning, but sup-
Dosed Eddie had shot a bird and did not
ever, look in the direction from which the
report came, when, realizing some fifteen
minutes later that the boy had DOC called
out or moved, he crossed the filed to inves
tigate the causa and found the lad lying
dead. • . .
The chin and one side of the face were
torn away by the shot, which evidently
severed the jugular vein. The boy was
carrying two guns and it is believed that
he stumbled, causing one to discharge.
There seems every reason to credit the
Chinaman's statement, which ia confirmed
by all the circumstances. A Coroner's
jury has been subpenaed and wll hold an
inauest to-morrow.
EUREKA, Cal., April 30.— The follow
ing delegates were chosen by the Hum
boldt Populist County Convention as mem
bers of the Populist State Convention, to
meet in Sacramento May 12: Hon. 8. W.
Buck, G. J. Moore, A. Waddington, F.
Zappendorff, W. L. Mercer, W. H. Hern
sted, T. J. Knight, B. H. "Willie, H. C.
H»wson and H. J. Rinir, who w\i3 also
elected a mnmher of the State Central
(ornmittee, the Populists having adopted
the rule of choosing the members of the
State Central Committee by county
conventions.
SANTA BARBARA., Cal., April 30.—
Santa Baibara has broken the record on
runaways, having three at one time this
forenoon wildly dashing alon? State street,
one vehicle belonging to A. Blair Thaw of
Montecito, another to Mrs. Conant and
another to Mr, Leete. Happily little
damage was done and no one was injured.
Induced to Invest in Land
Located in a Garden
of Eden.
LURID SIGNS OF RICHES.
Traveled Many Days, Only to
Halt in a Earre n
Desert.
THE ROMANCE EUDELY ENDED
Promoter Gathers in Many Shekels
and the Victims Gain Some
Experience.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., April 30.—
Seven vreeks ago a party of seven Santa
Barbarans started out from here, a por
tion on horseback and the remainder in
teams, their object point being a locality
in Southeastern Nevada.where they wished
to inspect some school lands in which
they had invested togetner with a number
of friends in this vicinity who were unable
to make the trip.
The leader of the expedition was a for
mer resident of this county who had
borne an excellent reputation and who
proves to also wield a facile and flowery
pen. He had induced a considerable col
ony to invest in the valley to which they
were traveling on his representations that
it was a small paradise containing some
20,000 acres of rich, tillable soil, beauti
fully wooded and watered, with valuable
deposits of the richest rock salt and di
rectly on the surveyed line of the Salt
Lake City and Los Angeles Railroad.
Every stage of the journey was marked
by an enthusiastic and highly coloied let
ter from this gentleman, published in a
local paper, describing in romantic lan
guage the delightful country through
which the party was traveling, the splen
did hunting and glorious prospects before
it. Suddenly the tinal letter stating that
on the next day the goal would be reached
wasabruptly followed by the news pub
lished by the local press that the writer
had returned in wonderfully quick time
across country, and that his companions
would be along in a few days.
These gentlemen have now arrived and
tell a story of grewsome experience with a
sorry ending. They state that after being
led across a dreary country where water
and fodder were lacking, and suffering
every discomfort and privation, they
came to the alleged paradise, which proved
to be a small and barren tract, of which
the valley portions were poor anil worth
less and the mesas above tho reach of irri
gation. Some lines were made by a sur
veyor, and the sections for which some of
the party had paid proved to be worthless
rivor-bed.
Their leader and organizer at this junc
ture went off to look up some horses, and
it is a matter of general gratification
among the rest that he never returned, as
they were then in a mood to organize- a
necktie party on the spot. They made
their way back across the deserts and
mountains they had crossed and entered
Santa Barbara wiser and more contented
men than when they left.
The extent of the loss entailed by this
wildcat colonization scheme cannot at
this moment be ascertained, although it is
known that about 10,000 acres had been
filed upon, a large number of the in
vestors having in good faith paid their
first installment of 25 cents an acre and
an additional quarter on every acre to
their guide for locating the lands.
A meeting of those interested has been
called, and some steps will be immediately
taken to retrieve their losses.
1 he most bitterly disappointed among
the group are at a loss to account for the
extraordinary fraud perpetrated upon
them, and their locator seems bewildered
and unable to explain his behavior. While
he has pocketed a considerable amount of
money, he has made no attempt to escape
the law's clutches, and has offerea to turn
over what property he possesses to make
good the losses sustained.
Meanwhile, several Santa Barbara men
with nice bank accounts who had author
ized friends in the expedition to select
locations for them are congratulating
themselves on their escape.
Dramatic Scene in the Court
house Over the Custody of
Annie Reger.
H?r Mother Takes the Girl From the
Foster Parents, but Loses
Her Again.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 30.— There
was a dramatic scene at the Courthouse
to-day when Judge Clark decided that he
had no jurisdiction in the contest for the
guardiar;.«hip of Annie Roger, tbe 14-year
old daughter of Mrs. Kate Kusack, who
came all the way from Seattle to Los
Angeles to got possession of her child.
Mr. and Mrs. G. A. Hendricfcs, who
have cared for Annie since Bhe was a babe,
had applied for letters of guardianship,
which were denied and Mrs. Kusack was
informed that she waa at liberty to lake
her offspring.
All the interested parties were in court
when the decision was made, and Mrs.
Kusack, assisted by her attorney and a
strong man hired for the purpose, forth
with proceeded to seize the girl, who
clung to her foster parents ana sobbed
hysterically. By sheer force she wai
drac^ed. screaming from, the courthouse,
hurried into a hack, driven rapidly to the
Southern l'acihc station and placed aboard
a train for San Pedro, where Mrs. Kusack
intended to board a steamer with the un
willing girl lor Seattle.
{Sheriff Burr this evening received a tele
phone message from Mrs. Kusack, at San
I'fdro, informing him that Annie had
given her the slip and was making her way
back to Los Aujjeles. The Sheriff waa
requested to look out for her, but he re
fused to inteifere.
Annie's mother was a domestic in the
Hendricks family lor many years, and
allowed them to keep the child for four
years after she married Kusack.
It was not until Bhe was nearly prown
up and her stepfather wanted her as a
waitress in his restaurant at Seattle that
the mother demanded and secured the
custody of her child by a decree of court.
But Annie ran away from her mother and
joined her foster parents in Los Angeles,
where the legal contest for her guardian
ship t was revived upon Mrs. Kusack's ar
rival here a short time ago.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 30.- Sheriff
Borcwart of Kern County has written
Sherff Burr of this county, stating that
there is a man who lives in that county in
a way to invite suspicion that he is hiding
from arrest. He stays in a secluded part
of the mountains, does not leave the local
ity and always goes heavily armed. He
is described as beinc G feet, 30 or 35 years
old, dark complexion, of Irish descent,
and gives his name as Jim Johnson. He
always has two pistols on him. The
Sheriff wants to know if such a man is not
wanted in Los Angel s. The supposed
bandit is not known here.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 30.— H. K.
Kelton, a young man who came to this
city from West Bay City, Michigan, a
short time ago for his health, committed
suicide in his room at 811 South Main
street this rooming by sending a bullet
into his brain. The young man evidently
braced himself against the bureau, and,
looking into the mirror, placed the muzzle
of the gun directly over the temple. Death
was instantaneous.
Deceased was about 21 years of age and
nearly dead with consumption. His
father is at the head of a large hoop manu
factory at West Bay Citv, Mich. He was
immediately notified of his son's death.
LOS AN0ELE3, Cal., April 3O.-The
case against J. W. Pitroff, the man
charged with shooting at Milo Payton,
the young man who was too friendly with
his (Pitroff' a) wife, was dismissed by Jus
tice Morrison this afternoon and Pitroff
discharged.
Grand Jury Foreman Arrested
on a Charge of Criminal
Libel.
Reflections Were Cast Upon the
Supervisors' Methods of Making
Appointments.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 30.-John
Weil, foreman of the Grand Jury, has
been arrested on a charpe of criminal
libel, sworn to by J. M. Morrison, chair
man of the Board of Supervisors, as the
result of statements made in the late re
port of the Grand Jury, which reflected
unjustly, it is claimed, on the actions of
the latter gentleman and his colleagues.
The main charge which has incensed the
Board of Supervisors is set forth as follows
in the complaint:
We, the Grand Jury of Sacramento County,
have thoroughly Investigated the matter and
manner of appointments by the Supervisors of
Sacramento County composed of said John F
Dreman, J. W. Todd, J. M. Morrison. William
Gurus and Thomas Jenkins, and found that
they nave been for several years corruptly sell
ing appointments. The deal is always a cash
transaction, and when an applicant for sn an
pointment is in doubt about being able to ray
their price and make the office pay they have
advised, him how to manage that part of it,
and such advice is never in the interest of the
county.
It was in evidence before the Jury (meaning
thereby the Grand Jury of Sacramento County)
that they (meaning thereby said John F. Dre
man, J. W. Todd, J. M. Morrison, William Cur
tis and Thomas Jenkins) held the office of
License Collector to be worth to the Supervisor
ring $1200 lor a two years' appointment. This
corruption was found to apply to several of
the more important appointive offices under
the control of the Supervisors, he.the said John
well, then, there and at all times, well know
ing the *ald defamatory libel to be false and
the same was and is false.
It is also claimed that warrants will be
sworn to against June Harris and John
Sheehan, proprieton and editors of the
Sunday newt, :i weekly paper issued in
this city, charging them with criminal
libel in bavin* repeatedly published de
famatory reports of the actions of the
Board of Supervisors. The latter are dis
tinctly on the war path and threaten suits
against every member of the late Grand
Jury.
After Four Months the Search for Young
XtcGrade Hat Iteen Abandoned.
ETREKA, Cal.. April 30.— William Mc-
Grade and wife, with a partv of five men,
have just returned from Wild Grass Prai
rie, where they have been searching for
four weeks in hopes of finding the body of
their aon William, who was lost on a
hunting trip in the redwoods last January.
After all means have been tried they have
reluctantly decided to abandon the search.
The merchants of Eureka have fitted out
expeditions thoroughly provisioned to en
able Um relief parties to make systematic
searches. The services of Indian scouts
have been secured, and rinullv, William
McGrade. father of the boy, ha* superin
tended the ."eurch in person and his wife
has done the cooking for the party. The
density of the timber and the wild 'growth
of underbrush make it difficult for a thor
ough search. Young McGrade has proba
bly fallen over a bank into a canvon or
been drowned in an attempt to ford some
stream swollen by the winter freshets.
Shipped From San Frnncitro to Seattle
and Stranded.
PORTLAND, Or., April 30.— Kenneth
Rose .Jones, a seven-year-old tourist from
San Francisco, bound for Seattle, landed
here in a stranded condition this morning.
The conductor of the train on which he
arrived turned him over to the police, with
whom he will remain until the Aid So
ciety makes arrangements to forward the
boy to his destination. Little Kenneth
carries with him a note stating his name,
and that his destination is Green Lake
Seattle, to visit his grandmother, Mrs.
Mary D. Rose, and his aunt, Miss lsie
Ro«e.
His parents, who work in a restaurant
on Third street, between Mission and
Howard, San Francisco, furnished him
with transportation to this city only,
trusting to luck that charitably disposed
people would see to his further transpor
tation. The child had but 40 cents when
he left home. He was very hungry.
FRESNO, Cal., April 30.— The Populist
County Convention met to-day and elected
the following delegates to the State con
vention: At large, D. T. Fowler, J. L. Gil
bert, A. J. Waterhouse aud E. S. Van
Meter; Supervisor district No. 1, Milton
McWhorter; No. 2, E. J. Harrah; No. 3. G.
8. Ramsay; No. 4, Thomas Martin; No. 5,
A. Von Schriltz. J. L. Gilbert presided
over the convention. The platform con
sisted of the usual Populist pJanks, and
among other things, says:
Viewing with alarm attempts that nave been
matle to subvert the spirit oJ our constitution,
ana recognizing the rights of all men to wor
ship as their consciences dictale, we are op
posed to the further appropriation of monev
for sectarian purposes, and demand entire
separation oi church uud State.
SEATTLE,"\Vafh.. April 30.— The Seattle
Poatoflico authorities have received notice
of the award to the Alaska Transportation
Company, of the contract for carrying the
mails— nve trips annually, beginninR June
I, 1W6— between Janeau and Circle City.
Dazzjing Carnival of Water
and Electricity Is
Proposed.
NATIVES AT THE HELM.
The Return of Their Delegates
to the Grand Parlor Is
Awaited.
UNIQUE FEATURES SUGGESTED.
To Be the Grandest Celebration of Its
Kind Ever Held in the
State.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 30.— Next Mon
day evening the Native Sons will hold a
meeting in their hall in the Austin build
ing to hear the formal report, of the dele
gates to the Grand Parlor at San Luis
Obispo. These are District Attorney Nut
ter, Georjre Catts and H. R. McNoble. At
that time the matter of arranging for the
entertainment of the crowds that will be
in this city on Admission day will be
brought up, and probably an executive
committee of six or more will be appointed
to carry out whatever plan of entertain
ment that may be decided upon.
L. E. Frankenbeimer has been one of
the most active workers in securing guar
antees of funds to carry out the Admis
sion day celebration. He said this morn
ing that the members of the executive
committee would probably bo made the
heads of the various sub-committees to be
appointed on- decoration, reception, enter
tainment and the !Qd^ so that there will
always be some one on hand to report
what the sub-committees are doing vfhen
the executive committee meets.
"It is very hard ju9t now to say what
the main feature of the celebration here
will be," said Mr. Frankenheinier. ''There
have been several suggestions made,
among them that of holding another car
nival on a very large scale. Sacramento
had an electrical carnival last year, and we
could use electricity to great advantage
here in decorating the city. We shall
probably do this wherever we caD within
the amount of money we have for the pur
nose of display. An immense electrical
arch at the head of the channel would be
a pretty feature, while clear down the
channel the heads of the piles could be
utilized by stringing Iinesof electric-lights
along the banks. There is no end to the
display that could be made here on the
water.
"I understand that Sacramento is goinj;
to hold a regatta there on day.
We will see if they will not abandon the
idea and let us hold bv.e on a larger scale
than has ever before been attempted. We
did all we could to aid them last year, and
I think they will do this to aid us this
time. They are too near Stockton to do
anything to detract from what entenain
ment we have here, and be-ides we have
the finest body of water in the State for
rowing. We may ask the Stockton Ath
letic Association to take in hand the
arrangement of a monster field day here,
and «et a St:He meet of the clubs belong
ing to the Pacific Athletic Association.
All these matters will be discussed by the
members of Stockton Parlor just as soon
as our delegates return from t-an Luis
Obispo.
"Tnere will be an immense amount of
work, and for that reason we will proba
bly pet to work without delay to plan
what to do on Admission day. The parlor
is open to any suggestions that may be
made as to what would he a fitting enter
tainment to provide for the thousands
who will be in the city on tho 8th, 9th and
10th of next September.'
There have already been a number of
vpry valuable suggestions m.vl-> as to what
sort of a demonstration to hold. Among
them the idea of another water carnival
has been advanced, with tableaux on the
waters of McLeod's Lake depicting scenes
from Shakesj-eare and other dramatists'
and poets' works, f«t:ch as Cleopatra 1 ? bar<e,
and other things of a like nature.
Electrical fountains can be easily ar
ranged in the lake, whose waters ere
never very deep, and the shores, which are
wooie.l ou one side, could be turned into
aa pretty a scene as can bo arranpod any
where. .Last year the Fourth of .Juiy com
mittee, with only a few hundred dollars to
operate with, made a very creditable dis
play on the night of the Fourth, for the
reason that this city has natural advan
tages over nearly uny other for any dis
play on the water.
Mr. Frankenheimer suggested to-day
that all the launches from Belvedere could
be brought up here, as those who partici
pated in the carnival held there some
time ago had all tho paraphernalia yet that
was used in that display, and could utilize
it here on Admission day night.
It is very probable that the Board of
Supervisors will undertake the work of
decorating the courthouse, and if this work
is done properly with electrical effects it
can bo seen for twenty miles about, as the
country here is so level.
That tne citizens will unite with the na
tives to make the celebration the greatest
thing of its kind that has ever been held
in the State there can be no doubt, and the
work will be mapped out very eoon by the
committee from the local parlor.
Body Found Which May lie That of a
JUairmor* Victim.
VALLEJO, Cat,., April 30.— As Walter
Buckles and E. T. Armstrong were com
ing over from the Contra Costa Bide in a
small sloop about 21 o'clock tin- morning
when within about 200 yards of the navy
yard, near the lighthouse, they discovered
the body of a man floatinz in the water.
A line was made fast to hi* legs and he
was rowed up to Vallejo near ihe terra
cotta works and word sent to Coroner
Trull, who • had the body brought to
Callener's undertaking warerooms.
The man has the appearance of beine an
English sailor, as lie wears an English
seaman's coat with braid upon it. He also
wears blue overalls, and the supposition is
that he is one of the crew from the ill
fated ship Blairmore that turned over in
San Francisco JBay.
Appearances indicate that he is a colored
man. The hair is mostly off from his
head. Just above the forehead is a scar.
No valuables or other thing was found on
hia person to lead to the identity of the
man, who is large and powerfully built.
Heavy brogan shoes are on his feet.
At an inquest this evening nothing fur-
ther was developed, except that the body
was that of a white man about 6 feet hisjh,
and that he wore n black plaid coat re
sembling a pea jacket, and wore a blue
shirt with two pockets in front. Over the
undershirt was a white shirt with narrow
stripes. He wore no stockings. He was
about 40 years old and had the appearance
of being a seafaring man.
Coroner Trull will hoid the body until
the day after to-morrow, in case any one
desires to come from Blairmore to recoe
nize him. There was about a week's
growth of beard on his face. The only
hair on his head was a small piece about
an inch long in a depression over the right
eye. The body is badly decomposed and
no tattoo marks are visible on his person.
No one is missing in this section.
A Gigantic Project Which 1'rotuisea
JMueh for San Bernardino.
8AN BERNARDINO, Cal., April 30.—
The great Victor reservoir project made a
forward movement to-day.
Fonr years aso ttie scheme to impound
the water of Mnhave River was conceived
and active wo r k commenced to carry out
the great vrojecta, which means the con
verting of an immense area of now worth
less lands into beautiful farms and pro
ductive orchards.
Surveys and estimates wero njade of the
probable cost of the dam, canals, reser
voirs, etc., and the figures swelled up into
the millions.
ifatters were progressing favorably when
the financial panic enveloped the country,
and all negotiations stopped.
At last the Columbia Colonization Com
pany, composed of Eastern capitalists,
with H. P. Sweet of Los Angeles as gen
eral manager, undertook to carry out the
great scheme. Near Victor the Alojave
River pours its water through a narrow
EOige of solid rock, an ideal place for such
a dnm as the one proposed.
The proposed reservoir will impound
186,000,000,000 gallons of water, or twenty
six times the capacity of the great iJear
Valley system. The country which will
be supplied with water is very fertile and
only requires water to mate it very pro
ductive.
To-day a deed was placed on record con
veyinc 10 the company nearly 5000 acres
of land within the reservoir site. The con
sideration was if V 0,000. The grantors. Brown
and wife, reserve all rights to use the
land until water from the Mojave River
shall by a dam be laised to a level with
the house and said Jands. Mr. Sweet
stated to The Call reporter that work
will immediately be commenced and
prosecuted until the great project is com
pleted.
Jiesult of Trouble Jiettoeen a Watchman
and a JUine- Owner'* Son.
SOXORA, Cau, April 30.— W. E. Nevills,
son of Captain W. A. Nevills of the Raw
hide mine, was shot twice in the left leg
below the knee at Quartz Mountain this
evening by one Harrold, nijjht watchman
of the App mine, one of the Nevilla group
of mines.
It seems Nevills and Harrold had some
troubla at the mine a few 8ven ings ago,
while Harrold was on duty. This evening
about 6 o'clock they met in front of Har
rold's house and had some angry words,
when Nevills drew his pistol and fired,
HftrroJd returning the fire, two shots tak
ing effect in Nevills' leg, Harrold escaping
injury.
Nevills drove over to Jamestown where
Dr. Congdon extracted the bullets. The
wounds are very painful, but not neces
sarily serious. Xevills is at the Fisson
Hotel in Jamestown. His father. Captain
Neville, has been in Sau Francisco several
davs, but will return to-night. No parti
culars regarding the nature of the quarrel
can be learned at this time.
OROVILLE, Cal., April 30.— John Ja
cinto, a PortOgntM, while working in a
mine at Ctitrokee, was suffocated Dy pow
der smoke thi-* afternoon.
He entered the drift too soon after blast
ine and was found by Kmanuel Rose lying
in a drift uiu-onsieious. He lived but a
few minutes after being brought out. He
was only 1" years of aj*e.
VALLfcJO, Cal., April 30.— A discharge
of thirty-five men took place in the de
partment of steam engineering at the
navy-yard this afternoon. There is plenty
of work, bat little fan<ls. It is hoped the
deficiency bill will soon be passed; other
wise another discharge is looked for.
8AXTA BARBARA. Cal., April 30.—
Lafayette, who now calls himself George
Links, the morphine fiend wno with his
woman companion broke into Marquis'
drugstore in Carpe-^teria night before last,
has surrendered to the Sheriff.
ITin n*r* of Events at Lexington, Wa»h-
inq'nn. rorstjth and \rt»hrilir.
LEXINGTON, Ky., April 30.— The rac
ing to-day at t'.e Kentucky Association
track, as compared with that of yesterday,
wa- much better. Four out of five
favorites won.
Mile, Rasper won, Katberlne second, Eliz
bert third. Time, 1 :•!-.
Six furlong--, ltrace Girdle won, The Dragon
second, Rubber Neck third. Time, 1:15.
l'epperstake.nine-slxteenthsof a raile.Suisun
won. Enpenie iikes second, Blitzen's Sister
third. Time, :54»£.
Mile and a sixteenth, Rey Del Mar won,
Galon d'Or second, Probasco third. Time,
1MSK.
Ninc-slitcenth'Bof a mile, Mead Thorpe •won,
Orion second, Daisy Gordon third. Time
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.-Fore
boding skies and a card of no weighty
proportions were respon^iole for the small
I attendance at Bennings to-day.
Half a mile, selling, Marsh Harrier won
Lizzie B II second, Bicycle Girl third. Time,
:5l 2-5.
Six furlongs, selling, Knight won, Mrs.
Stuart second, Hal via third. Time, 1:17 1-5
One mile. Prig won, Sue Kittio second, Re
straint third. lime, 1:44.
Six furlongs, H*vrarden won. Factotum sec
ond. The Sago third. Time, 1 :16 4-5.
Two and a half miles, hurdle handicap,
Woortford won, Caracas second. Golden Gate
I third. Time, 4:42.
CHICAGO, III., April 30.— Tambio
| helped a few wise men to capture money
j at Forsyth to-day by winning the mile and
| an eighth hurdle race. lie was backed
from 100 to 1 down to 15 to 1 and whipped
by Jockey J. Level over half of the jour
ney, he crossed the line two lengths before
Miles Standisb, the even money favorite
Only two of the favorites won.
Six furlongs, Willie L von, Bon Hur tecond
Potsdam thira. Time, l :1G>^. '"""
Six furlongs, Weola won, Marten Pet second
Aunt Lid* third. Time, 1:15><. '
Five furlongs, lit Henry won, Roy Lochlel
second, Gomor third. Time, 1-OlU
Seven and a half furlongs, handicap. Doctor
Q won, Caufleld second , Onalaska third. Time,
One and an eighth miles, over four hurdles
2inl Tim"' 2-06 - Standlsh BeCOna ' «d«
MfiStiSa'^gssfiSSi Kxcufle iecond '
. NASHVILLE, ". Traac.,. April 30.-To
day's results: .
n™i!ll lhl1 ' '" longs. . Tartarian won, Old
Dominion second, Lizetta third. Time. 1:23.
One mile, Bjng Bingerwon. Galley West sec
ond, Fresco third. Time. l:50Vi.'
Four and a half furlongs, ■fruxillo won,
Boanerges second, Storm King third. Time,
One mile, Leonard B won, Maxima second,
Raffle Boy third., Time, 1:55. .
Four furlongs, Eton Jacket won, Iiey L sec
ond, Marie C third. Time, :52.
Anson'H jlfcn ITfn an £aay Victory JFrotn
Mi Lotii.t.
CHICAGO, III., April 30.— Alison's men
won an easy victory from St. Louis to-day
| aa an opener for the home season. Despite
the threatening weather fully 8000 persons
saw the locals win the first time and gave
each man a hearty reception. Friend was
put in the box for the home team and was
invulnerable at the most critical times.
The pame was devoid of sensational or un
usual features. Score:
ChlcaROs .......10 301003*— 8 10 1
St. Louis.. 010000020—3 7 3
Batteries— Friend and Kittredge, Har land Mo-
Farland. Umpire— Weidman.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa.. April 30.— The
Philadelphias again defeated New York
to-day by batting out six runs in the sixth
inning. Taylor was hit freely. The
weather was clear and cool. Attendance
4330. Score:
£fjy}'° rI <3 C 3 0 32 00 11—10 11 4,
l'hiladelphlas 0 2 2 u l 6 0 0 ♦— 11 10 4.
Batteries— Klvnn and Farrell, Taylor and Grady. 1
Umplrea-Kecfe and Henderson.
BROOKLYN. NY., April 3O.-Pitcher
Payne made his debut at Eastern Park to
day ami the 3000 spectators voted him
a great twirler. The Senators found
him for five hits, which were scattered in
four innings. Anderson muffed Selbach's
long drive in the second inning. This was
the only error made by the home team
and it enabled the Washington to tallv
two runs. Score :
\Vnshln*:ons ...0 2 0 0 0 00 00-" •> ■>
Brooklyns 0 10002 0 4 •— 7 lo 1
Batteries— McJames and McOuire, Payne and
Burreil. Umpire— Lynch. * a
CLEVELAND, Ohio, April 30.— Cleve
land-Cincinnati postponed — rain.
BOSTON, Mass., April 30.— Too Bostons
were outbatted nearly 2 to 1 to-day by the
iSahimores, but their support, base run
ning and perfect fielding pulled them
out. Nichols won his fifth straight game
Attendance, 3500. 6core:
Bostons. 1 a 1000 0 1-8 7 0
Baltlmores 2 0 100*0 00 1-4 13 *
Batteries-Xlchpis and Oanrel, McMahon and
Clark. Umpire— Hurst,
LOUISVILLE, Kt., April 3O.-Hill'a
wildness and good base running by tha
Pittsburgs gave the latter the game. Fore
man was very wild also, and as the Louis
villes hit hint hard in the fourth Hawley
took his place in the fifth. Attendance
1800. Score:
LoaUvllIet 100310000-5 7 3
Pltisbnrgg.. 000610003-9 7 1
Batteries— Hill and \Varn«r; Foreman. Hawley
and Merritt. Umpire— Emslle.
Plenty of Funds for the Carnival, and
Its Success Is Assured.
VANCOUVER, B. 0., April 30.— re
gatta carnival to come off here some time
in September is now assured, a by-law em
powering the city to donate $5000 for the
purpose having passed by an overwhelm
ing majority. The carnival executive
committee, composed of leading citizens,
have taken initiatory steps in arranging
for a world's championship single scull
race. The carnival will last a week, and
as the question of funds is now beyond all
doubt it is expected the event will eclipse
anything of the kind previously held on
the coast.
PJTTSBURG, Pa., April 80.— The Clear
water-De Oro match for the world's cham
pionship will have to be played over.
This is the decision given by the company
who offered the medal. The two pool
experts will likely come together next
week.
SEATTL/E, Wash., April 30.—To-mor
row will witness the opening of the pro
fessional baseball season in this city, a
game between Seattle and Tacoma under
the auspices of the new Pacific League
being scheduled for the afternoon at Y.
M. 0. A. Part.Building Trades to Enforce
the Working Card
at Once.
WILL DELAY NO LONGER.
A Mass-Meeting of the Unem
ployed at 115 Turk
Street.
TO ORGANIZE COMMITTEES.
Large Bodies of Men Will Strike
Every Non-Union Jjb They
Caa Find in This City.
May 1 is not to pass without a demon
stration on the part of the lal>orin
people. As predicted in The Call on
Thursday the Building Trades Council
has decided upon radical measures to
enforce its working card and the first
movement will be taken to-day.
Last night after a Ions and spirited dis
cussion tne council decided that it was of
no use to dilly-dally with the principles of
unionism any longer. Nothing remained
but to strike every "unfair" job in San
Francisco and tight the non-union men
and enemies of organized labor to the
bitter end.
This does not mean a general striice at
the present, hut such a course may have
to be resorted to ii the plan adopted fails
to accomplish the desired results speedily.
The council's working card went into
effect April 1, but in many cases it was
more honored in the breach than in the
observance, and manv union men are !
working with non-union men. Further- i
more, the carpenters sent out notice to all
building contractors that on May 1 they
would demand $3 as the minimum wage
for nine hours' work.
Last night, Business Agent Mclvor. in
asking for instructions, c-illed attention to
the condition of affairs.
Delegate Zant offered a resolution thai
the affiliated unions stand no more non- '<
sense, but proceed to enforce the card
fcystem.
The plan finally adopted shows more '
judgment than in 'some difficulties of re
cent date. It was to call together at 10
o'clock this morning, at 115 Turk street,
ail the unemployed members of the un
ions affiliated with the Building Trades
Council. In iaot it will be a bie mass
meeting.
Committees of from twenty-rive to fifty
men will be appointed for each of a dozen
districts in the City. These committee?,
under the direction of the two business
agents and the crievance committee, will
sally forth in bodies and call a strike on
every "scab" job in their respective dis
tricts. No union job? will be molested,
but there will be trouble for the non-union
ones.
In the first place, demands will be made
on the contractors that the non-union
men be unionized or discharged.
In the event of a relusal the union men
at work, if there tie any, wiil be ordered
out and the objectionable job will be
''picketed" by a goodly number of t&e
committee.
To make it still plainer, the life of the
non-union workman will be made miser
able as well as tha: of the unfriendly bo?-*.
By a simultaneous strike of this descrip
tion the union men expect to unionize the
City by force of munbers.
The unions that will participate in this
movement are the five Carpenters' unions,
Lathers', Plasterers', Iron-roofers', Cornice
workers', Laborers' or Hodcarriers', Stone
cutters', Glaziers', Painters" and several
other organizations, numbering nearly
50CJ0 men. Of this number there is a re
markably small proportion at work, and
it is believed that tae committees them
selves will be small armies.
These will march over their respective
districts in bodies and no doubt present a
formidable appearance to the non-union
workmen who nave refused to fraternize
with their fellow-workmen.
In the afternoon at 3 o'clock a second
mass-mieting ol the unemployed working
men will be held at 115 Turk street to
further perfect the plans and instruct the
committees.
It is douotful if more than one or twe
jobs wiil be "struck" to-dav, but on Sat
urday arid Monday the ac'ti-e work will
begin.
If moral suasion with the non-union
men ana unfriendly contractors does not
succeed, there is little doubt but that a
general strike of all the building trades in
the City will be ordered. At any rate,
lively times among tiie trades unions may
be expected within the next ten days.
The matter of providing a fund for the
relief of tho&e men who will be ordered
out on strike was ditcussed by the council
and referred to a special committee.
The Union Beermakera Are Indorsed
by the Building Trades
. Council.
The United Brewery Workmen's Union
Is preparing for another biz right with the
Brewers' Protective Association unless the
members of the latter organization agree
to a settlement of the old troubles.
Secretary Walters recently sent a letter
to the association asking for the appoint
ment of a conference committee to discuss
the situation, bnt later he was informed
that for some reason the letter was never
:ead, and under these circumstances he
decided not to open the fight until after he
vras folly informed of the stand of the
boss brewers. However, last night he
sent the following letter to the Building
Trades Council.
To the offirrm anri memben of >h<: Butldtvg
T ada OowkU—Vklubw Wop.kmkn: The L'nited
Brewery Workmen's Union of San Francisco \n
faced with an alternative of giving Tip their
union or lighting for their recognition. We
bave tried by every honorable means to aToid
this conflict, but have been met by insults and
repulses. We are now determined to make a
i final test of strength, and ask your sympathy
! and moral support when the time of action
arrives.
We desire an expression of your opinion and
! ideas at this time, us a knowledge of such Is
■ vital to the suc.ess of our plans. We take it
' for granted that the helping hand of fraternal
. friendship will be extended to us by you, and
; ask such assurence as a matter of detail and
i preparation only.
Fraternally yours, United Brewery Work
man's Union. Joskvh Walters, Secretary.
The council unanimously promised the
Brewers' Union its support. Simiiar
action will no doubt be taken by the labor
council to-night. As stated by Walters
his purpose in this course is to learn of the
attitude of the other unions in case it
comes to an open fight.
In such an event steps will be taken to
introduce union b3er from the breweries
j of adjoining towns. Here is where the
! labor union support will be wanted to bov-
I cott the one and patronize the other.
This means but one tiling— a cheap beer
j war, which the bosses are only too anxious
to avoid.
St. Mary's College Tarish Picnic.
There will bfl a picnic and outing of the
St. Mary's College parish at Shell Mound Tark,
Berkeley, to-morrow. A band will leave this
City Rt 9:80 a. m.. and upon its arrival at the
j>ark Eestiritiei w. i il begin.
A Coroner'! jury yesterday exonerated the
rstlroMi la t!ie < Hse of the boy Fegon, who was
Mruck Jiv a train at Harrison street on April
21, and later died from his injuries.
National Electrical Exposition
Will Open on Monday
Next.
' Aided by Electricity Its Governor
Will Fire a Ponderous Gun
in This City.
The mighty report of a ponderous
cannon in I'nfctn square, fired with a
golden key, on which rests the hand of
New York's Governor, Levi P. Morton,
will herald to the people of this City the
turning of the first wheel of the National
Electrical Exposition on the evening of
May 4 in New York City. Before the echo
of this cannon's report has died away
arnong the hills the machinery in the far
away metropolis will be in full swing, and
many thousands of people will witness a
sight of almost unparalleled grandeur.
In connection with the opening cere
\ monies of the Electrical Exposition it is
proposed to start the machinery by a
I current, that is looped around the whole
I continent.
The Postal Telegraph Cable Company,
; through its vice-president, W. H. Baker,
i offered its tine service between New York
and San Francisco for the purpose. Mayor
Sutro and General Forsyth, the latter be
ing in command at the Presidio, not being
satisfied with the silent electric messenger
which would speed through this Citv, pro
, posed to have the wires connected with a
; cannon in some central location that all
raignt be apprised of the great exposition 1 ?
opening. Arrangements are now being
made with the Postal officials for the exe
cution of this intere>ting plan, with the
; co-operation of a long string of offices
scattered over the <<000 miles of wire.
The company has equipped its lines with
heavy copper circuits and believes that it
! can illustrate in a most interesting man
ner the instantaneous character of the
transmission on the evening of May 4.
1 The merest pressure of the golden key
i will then flash the signal to the Golden
\ Gate, will cause the cannon to belch forth
a merry salute and. will then be back to
the exposition buiidine in the twinkling
. of an eye.
One of the most interesting exhibits to
be seen at the exposition will be a tiny
, model of the Niagara Falls Power Compa
| ny's plant, whose ereat original will itself
furnish the power by which the miniature
i model will be operated.
j«o well planned is this miniature mode',
• that it shows the city of Niagara Falls and
; surrounding locality, from a point just be-
I yond the line of the power-tunnel on the
north, to the center of Goat Island on the
south, and from a point beyond the Clifton
House, Canada side, on the west, to a
point beyond the big tunnel-canal on the
east. The model is 12 feet long by 3 feet <>
inches wide. The height of the model
when on exhibition is about six feet, but
one-half of this is in a line glass case,
I which protects it from meddlesome hands
and mist.
The power-houses, wheel pits, cross sec-
I tion of the canal, turbine wheels and the
■ tunnels are all faithfully reproduced from
j the original. When power is applied water
i will flow down the penstocks and shafts.
As the water passes from|the turbine it
| enters a drift or small tunnel leading to
1 the main tunnel and is carried through it
i to the gorge below.
In the construction of the model the
scale used was one of about 100 feet to an
inch and a half. All the streets and build
ings shown are perfect in form and direc
tion, and one acquainted with the city of
Niagara Falls has no trouble in locating
well-known places. The total number of
i buildings shown is 197. while the number
; oi trees which grace the streets of the city
in the model is II.jO. Every one of the
trees Mr. Allen, the model maker, suc
; ceeded in locating with precision.
Although held under the auspices of the
j National Electric Light Association, the
j exposition is far from being restricted «.o
j the field that was covered by the associa
| tion when it was formed. As a matter of
' fact the exposition will accentuate and di
: rect attention to the remarkable fact that
I central stations are rapidly undergoing
; evolution, and every day they become Ies3
; and less plants for mere lighting, and
, more and more reservoirs for the supply of
! current for a wonderfully wide range of
uses, many of which are barely yet known.
In all events, the exposition will serve
i as a stimulus to another period of pros
i nerity in the electrical industries, but San
! Franciscans will have to be content with
t!.e boom of the great caisson as it her
alds the inauguration of the gigantic ex
hibition.
That Is the Fourth District's
Contesting Combi*
nation.
A SIGNIFICANT MOVE.
What the Success of Kelly and
Mahoney Would Mean to
the Party.
REVIVAL OF "GOOD OLD TIMES"
Martin Kelly and J. H. Mahoney Make
a Play to Float in on the
McKinley Tide.
The Kelly-Mahoney-Rainey delegation
from the Fourth District met last evening
and in accordance with directions received
from Martin Kelly and Jerry Mahoney
j adopter, resolutions pledging the delega
tion to McKinley. This move is a bright
exposition of Kelly- Alahoney politics.
The idea of Martin Kelly and Jerry Ma
honey caring anything about or knowing
anything about "protection," "money,"
or any other National issue is one to make
botti horses and bicycle-riders laugh.
Kelly and Mahoney want their delegation
seated in the State Convention that they
may obtain some measure of local politi
cal power, and as a shrewd play they are
very naturally shouting "McKinley."
Kelly and Mahoney are trying to float
into local power on McKinley 's name and
hope to play their practical tricks in such
! a way that they may take advantage of
j the McKinley sentiment and with the aid
• of their brass band and their shouting win
enough sympathy to accomplish recogni
tion by the State Convention through
making their "whoop"' hide the dements
of their cause.
As the opposition to the Kelly- Manoney
delegation is composed of the mass of the
Republican party of the Fourth Congres
sional District, and as the regular delega
tion nominated and elected by the people
of the district represents the Republican
sentiment of the district, the outcome oi
an issue between the party and two dis
carded bosses who have raised one of its
banners as a political trick is not in
doubt.
The Kelly-Mahoney aelegation repre
sents the McKinley sentiment of the
Fourth Congressional District exactly as
Martin Keliy represents the Republican
ism of the Fourth Congressional District.
Among the regular delegates to the
.State Convention arc more sin
cere and intelligent friends of McKinley
than there are in the Kelly-Mahoney dele
gation, but the regular delegation goes as
a body of free and representative
, Republican voters, the majority of
whom are in favor simply of a
delegation to tne National Convention
unfettered by castiron pledges, while the
Kelly-Mahoney delegation stands forth as
a ounch of votes pledged to MlKihIcv,
wholly that Martin Kelly and J. H. Ma
honey may gaiu thereby a tactical advant
age in the Mate Convention in their little
play for local political power.
The manhood and the Republicanism of
the State Convention will deal with this
fact and this contemptible motive, along
with the facts in the case, which disgrace
this contest, born in fraud and fathered
by two of the most disreputable renegades
j that afflict the Republican party in Cali
fornia.
A contest, the strength and force of
which consists of three things: Kelly and
Mahoney, the noise they can make ana
7300TOtea which were added to the 300
which the "push" of Kelly and Mahoney
could muster at the late farcical primary.
The success of Kelly and Mahonev at
the State Convention means the entry of
Sam Rainey into the Republican politics
of San Francisco.
What a foothold by Sam Rainey in San
Francisco Republican politics means is
well understood by the people of San Fran
cisco, and is fairly well understood by the
Republicans of California.
If any broad political fact i? well known
it is the one that now and for a dozen
years Sam Rainey's political partners on
the Republican side have been Martin
Kelly and Jerry Mahoney.
The ascendency of Kelly and Mahoney
in San t rancisco politics means that these
two conscienceless und corrupt district
bosses will make any and all local politi
cal combinations that may be to the com
mon advantage of thete freebooters.
Jerry Mahoney is the political creature
of Sam Rainey, who gave him the first po
litical job a dozen years ago. For twelve
years Mahoney and Rainey have done
politics together in the way that municipal
bosses who care nothing about party do
politics.
Sam Rainey was Jerry Mahoney's po
litical friend and sponsor twelve years
ago; he has been his friend and political
| co-worker ever since, and the story
! of how Sam Rainey and his
gang turned out at the last pener.il
election find helped knife J. T. Kurke, the
Democratic candidate; Williams, the inde
pendent Republican candidate, and ihe
| general Republican ticket that Jerry Ma
i honey might go again to the State Senate
| is an old one to every politician in that
part of the City.
Martin Kelly was a Fire Commissioner
j once by grace of Sam Rainoy, and Martin
Kelly did for years fumble the Fire Depart
ment, which was owned by Sam Rainey.
For four months, Sam Rainey, Martin
Kelly and J. H. Mahoney were in almost
daily open consultation, up to the time
Rainey went to San Bernardino County.
There is in San Francisco no political
combinntion so surely established as
that composed of Sam Rainey and his old
and tried friends, Jerry Mahoney and
Martin Kelly.
The success of Kelly and Mahoney in
politics means now, as it always has
moant, the entry of Sain Rainey into the
politics of San Francisco.
It I* Feared That Many Miners Perished
in a Colliery.
LONDON, Exc, April 30.— An explosion
of firedamp took place to-day in-tae Micfc
eiheld colliery. About a hundred men
were in the mine at the time. As soon as
possible rescuers entered the mine and
soon succeeded in bringing twenty-five
men to the surface. All of them were
terribly burned and some will undoubt
edly die.
The rescuers are still in the mine, but
are working under great difficulty. It is
feared that the others have all perished.
The Times- Recorder Company of Aetr
Fork City Incorporated.
ALBANY, N.Y., Aoril 30— The Times-
Recorder Company of New York City was
incorporated to-day with the Secretary of
State. The capital stock is $2,500,000, di
vided into $li >0 shares.
The company is to begin business with
f, 3 X)0,000 cash capital. The directors are:
Anton J. Dittmar, Theodore L. Herrman,
Theodore H. Lord, of New York City;
"Wilson P. Marchbank of Newark, N. J.,
and William C. Taylor of Brooklyn.
MEW YORK, N. Y., April 301— It was
rumored in newspaper circles to-night
that the New York Times is to be con
solidated with the New York Recorder.
Orders Issued for the Trial
Trip of the Battle-Ship
Oregon.
The Pacific Funding Bi 1 Will Sooa
Be Considered in the House
of Representatives.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 3O.-The
Navy Department to-day sent orders to
San Francisco for the trial of the Oregon.
The conditions of the trial trip will be the
same as those in the case of the Indiana
and Massachusetts, and the trial will take
place over a thirty-one-knot course in the
Santa Barbara channel, just outside of the
old Olympic course. The California build
ers are expressing confidence that they
will be able to match the 16.20 knot9 of the
Massachusetts when the trial is run off,
which will be as soon as the board can re
ceive the instructions mailed to-day.
The Cam correspondent to-night re
ceived definite information that the Pacific
lunding bill would be made a special or
der for consideration in t'ue Hou.se of Rep
resentatives on Tuesday, May 12. This
corner from Speaker Reed through a mem
ber of Congress. There have been reports
circulated here to the effect that the Presi
dent would veto the bill if it passed Con
gress.
"The passage of this bill would furnish
an excellent chance for the President to
make campaign material for his party.
His veto of the Santa Monica job and the
funding bill would striKe a popular chord,
and I have no doubt he would veto both, 1 '
said a Pacific Cua>t Congressman to-day.
WhM this was "suggested to Senator
Frye, however, he .-aid: "While I have no
doubt the President will veto the river
and hai bor bill he will not veto the Pacific
roads Dili."
By direction of the Secretary of War.
Captain Guy L. Eddie, a-^-tant surgeon,
upon the expiration of his present leave of
absence will report to the commanding
officer of the Presidio for duty at that
post, and by letter to the commanding
general of the Department of California.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Eryin K. Robinson,
Lob Angeles; Louis William Grothen, Sac
ranunto. Additional— Morria H. Nolan,
San Diesro. Restoration and reissue—Wil
liam L. Moore (deceased), Santa Monica.
Increase— Patrick H. Creedon, Glenwood ;
James Kearn^, Soldiers' Home, Los An
geles. Original widows, etc.— Matilda J.
Little (mother), Riverside; Eliza J. Moore,
Santa Monica; Mary L. Haves, Escondido.
Survivor Indian wars— Andrew W. Stice,
Sacramento.
Oregon: Original— James W. Colelough,
Ashland. Original widow— Victoria Baer,
Ashland.
President Cleveland. Sends the House a
Copy of Correspondence.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30.— In re
sponse to a resolution of the House passed
April 9, President Cleveland this afternoon
transmitted to the House a copy of
the correspondence on tile at toe State De
partment relating to the case of Mrs. Flor
ence Maybrick, who is confined in an Eng
lish prison under life sentence for the
murder of her husband, a Liverpool mer
chant. There are sixty-two letters and
telegrams in the budget and thev recite
the efforts at various times made bv
the Secretary of State on behalf of the un
fortunate woman to secure some measure
of relief through the Embassador at Lon
don. Secretary Olney sends to Embassa
dor Bayard copies of strong letters from
Countess Itoque, mother of Mrs. May
brick, and H. A. Dodge of Hamilton,
Mass., brother of Gail Hamilton, in whose
behalf he writes.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., April 30.— An order of
sale of the St. Louis and San Francisco
Railway, in the event of fifteen days'
further default in the payment of interest
on mortgages and bonds, was issued to-dav
by Judge Henry C. Caldwell of the United
Circuit Court.
The interest amounts to $1,474,716, and
is on consolidated mortgage bonds held by
the Mercantile Trust Company of Ne?:
York. No bid of less than $1, 250.000 is to
be accepted. The decree covers the road'?
main line to Seneca, Mo., its Texas line,
Kansas line and all its branches and lease
hold and other holdings.
CHICAGO, III . May 1.— The ironwork
ers who are working niijht and day on the
Northwestern and Union Elevated Loon
railroads went out on strine at midnight
to enforce a demand of the Bridge and
Structural Ironworkers' Union for an in
crease in pay froni 37 1 j cents to 41}^ cents
an hour.
About 4(10 men on big buildings and ele
vated roads will be idle at the usual time
for beginning work to-day. The main
trouble is with the Eastern concerns, which
are building the Nor:hwestern elevated
road and the Fifth-avenue portion of the
union loop.
WASHINGTON, D. C. April 30.— The
treasury figures, which will be officially
proclaimed tomorrow, show that up to
May 1 t!ie excess of expenditures over re
ceipts for the fiscal vear aggregates
$23,200,000. For April the" excess is $4,50u,
000. In round figures the receipts for ten
mou tin of the fiscal year are $274,800,000,
and trie expenditures $298,000,000.
WASHINGTON, D. C, April 30—Go'd
withdrawals at Ne^? York amounted to
$64,400, leaving the treasury reserve at the
close of business to-day at il25,325,9C6.
Some Fine Sport Furnished Race
gcers Opening Day at
Ingleside.
FORTUNA GETS IN AT 30 TO 1.
George Palmer Bsat Scarborough by
a Close Margin— Mt. McGregor
II Dumped the Talent.
Ingleside track was favored with Beauti
ful weather for its reopening day. Many!
of the sport - loving public who had |
been recuperating during the Bay Dis
trict's spell of racing again turned out in
numbers and the ring presented almost as
animated appearance as early in the sea- !
son when the game was fresh. Needless
to remark, the fair sex did full honor to
"Itdies.* day." They occupied the greater
part of the grand stand and grew hysteri
cally enthusiastic over some of the many
close finishes.
The suort was tar above the average.
The driving rinishes precluded all chance
of there being many "lobsters," although
the performances of one or two horses did
not reflect much credit on their riders.
And, witnal, while the racing was excel-)
lent, it was a disastrous day for the talent.
Two of their hardest downfalls were on j
Olive and Mt. McGregor II, both favorites ]
of tno "cinchy" order. Montalvo, the |
jumper, and George Palmer were the only
winning first choices.
The swell upset of the day occurred in
pacific Coast Jockey Club's W inter fleeting, ingleside Track. Seventy. third d«y, Thursday,
■ April 30, 1896. Weather fine. Track good.
1 1 0(\ ** IKBT **ACE— Flv« and a half furlon?s; maiden three-year-olds: allowances; purse $400.
1-Oex. Horse, weight. 8L. I V* 1 Vs a A Str. j Kin. j Jockeys. Op 6 "'"?'!
1013 Carnation 107 1 33 | 2 iy 3 : 12 I 13 Macklln ~3~ 6-2
1092 Montgomery 109 3 2 i£ lh 2 3 23 C. slaughter. . . 1-2 1-2
1066 i Yucatan II 100' 2 56 41 3 2 3 V, 'Dow ell 50 100
414 IMitsoera 100 5 4% 5 10 42 46 Snider ! 6 8
802 Adios 109 6 : 6 Ms «4 63 ' 6 10 H.Martin 10 "'.*-< 12
1052 Canvasback 109 8j 81 72 7 10 6 Vi Cleary 30 150
777 JimBuad 102 4 I lh 31 6 1 71,3 Johnson. ... 30 40
....■ Hroad Billow 109 10 1 7h 8h 8 83 Maxey 50 150
921 j Moron 102 7| 91 93 . 9 . 94 Smith 50 150
988 Rome Harris 106| 9 i 10 10 ; 10 10 Castro. 50 150
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, A. B. Spreckels 1 ch. f., by Flambeau-imp. Amalie. Time,
1:10. -
1 1 07 SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; Belling; three-year-olds and up; purse *400.
Index. ! Uor««e, age, weight.! Bui V* M 3 /i 8tr. ! Fin. ' Jockeys. (^"'"ci
1050 Kncino. 3 96 6 4 2 46 8V a 13 Johnson j 3 6-2
218 Warrazo, 5 105 3 ........ 6 1 62 5 23 Snider. 6 9
1077 !rn;a. 4 102 Si Ill 22 22 j 34 H. Martin 6 13-2
825 Red Pike, 3....... 97 1 2 1 lh 1 1/2 4h Slaughter.... 9-2 9-2
1052 Nervoso. 4 104: 7 3% 3 lit 45 j 56 W. Flynn 8-5 2
1098 Gondola, 6 106 5| 6^ 6 2 I 8 6 3 Castro ...50 80
1086 Capt. Sp nc«r, a. .107 « 8 8 8 7 10 Cleary 30 100
Sands Foreman,6.107! 4 I I 76 74 17 18 Bergen | 6 8
Starting-gate used. Won easily. Winner, Enc!no stable's ch. c, by imp. Brutus-May D. Time,
1:171,4.
1 1 OS THIRD RACE-Seven furlongs; selling; -year -olds and upward: purse $400.
Index. Horse, age, weight, \ fit. 14 J V* I 34 str. Fin. I Jockey*. LJJ* 111^
1007 Fortuna. 5 104 6{ 41 j 63 i 64 31 I Ins McClain 15 15
(1012) Olive. 4 102 3; 11 3 iy 3 1^ 214 23 (oohran 2 .-..'Si*
(1086) Joe Terry, 3 95 61 3 ij, 1 lh 2 1',-> lh I 32 ,<: Slaughter.... 2 3
1053 Nephew. 5 109 16 6 ! 6 " 6 4U Berjsen 20. BO
(1083) All Over, 4 1O8 4! 2h 2h 4 y« 4 % j 64 Shields 3 11-2
997 |Ry d! Bandldos, 3.104 3| 6h | 4 1 | 3h 6 4 b Coady 4 8
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, Knclno stable's br. m., by Imp. Brutus-Viola Rea.
Time, 1:29 V*. ■■-; -:j
1 1 00 FOUIVrH RACE— Four and a half furlongs: Boiling: two-year- allowances: purse ?4OC.
Index. ! Horse, weight. , St. '. Vi B ,s 3 /i Str. | Fin. j Jockeys. ' op 15 * 1 "^'
1000 George Palmer.. .105 S] 22 j 23 lh In Macklln ~1 9-5
1101 Soirborouih 108 2 31,3 4 2 6 2 2 3 H.Martin. ! 16 20
1000 Sister Adele 105 .7 6 1^ 3^ SI 3h Cochran i 10 12
1073 Adam Andrew. . .luH 1 lh I lh 2 1 41' C. Slaughter 2 p-5
(1073) Lost Girl... 105 6 6 Vi 6 Vi 6 \ 5 i/C, Snider. 7-2 92
1060 .Karly Notice 107 5 4h 5 1/4, 4 y* \ 66 Thompson 15 " 155
1073 TnflHmmator 10) 8 "1,4 7 3 7 7 10 'V. Flynn . 20 30
1015 Cyrus Kins; 108 4 i 8 5u 8 8 I 8 20 Bergen. . 15 20
1 Rosa Magenta. ...10& 9 1 9 I 9 . 9 18 iMcCUin ; i 10 30
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, A. B. Spreckels' b. g., by Ecuador-Kittip Gunn. Time.
:56Vz. > '■'.; .;■
1 "1 10 FIFTH RACE— One and three-sixteenths miles, over five hurdles: selling: on r-y ear-olds and
111U. upward; penalties : purse $400. v t *- ; ■
Index. I Horse, age, weight. St. HA. I 14 I % | % I sir. Fin. j Jockeys. ' EeUlD
(1096)|Montalvo. 5 149 6 52 4% 2 Va 11 13 13 (ochran ~~L 1
1082 Silverado, n 150 2 2h i 3 3 Vt 4 20 2 2 2 3 T. Murphy. 10 15
1056 T«-mplemore, a. ..141 1,3^ 134 14 lo 3h 4 20 3n Bovd...... 10 25
(10SS) Artemus, 4 136 4 11 13 14 22 33 146 Clancy 2 8-5
1005 Bassanlo, a 144 3 43 5 6 5 10 5 10 5 10 5 10 'Mnrte"nus... . 20 40
1062 April, a .....144 1 6:6 6 6 6 6 6 Spence....... | 6 10
Good start. Won easily. Winner, Esell & Cochran's b. h., by Sid-May Belle. Time, 2:14Vi- ~
' 1 "l 1 SIXTH RACE— furlongs: selling: three-year-olds and up: purse. $400.
Indox. Horse, age. weight,! St. j V* j Vi % Bit. \ Fin. ! Jockeys. r, Bettln , ? .'i
(1084) Summer Time. 3. 96 4, I 4 22 23 lh Piston 2 4
1095 Mt.McGregorlI,3.100 2 2 3 12 13 2 6 H.Martin. 3-2 4-5
1021 Kowalsky, 3 96 1 3h 4 4 3 1 Cochran.. j 5-2 3
(1069) Perhaps, 3........ 93 3 ........ lh 31 ; 32 4 (Johnson 20 v»5
1079 Walter J, 3. ...... lol left ) | \ | McClain 12. 12
Starting-gate used. Won driving. Winner, El Prlmero stable's D. f, by Fitzjames-SpringliKe.
Time, 1:15. ' . - .
To-day** Entries at Pacific Coast Jockey Club's Ingleslde Track.
lr tim where Hie tones have do record at the distance to be run the recorJs at tba cert »>r«j I
distance aredvec. :
a ci-reviatloBs— F.. f»nt: Fa,. fntr: H.. heavy; m., mile: f., furlong; •, about.
FIRST RACE— Ha'f a mile: maiden two-year-olds.
I I i Best ~ ~ \ i " .
Index. I Name. Lbs record. Disc Lt» Tic. j Owner. Pedigree.
1C89 Tortoise 113 E. Powo ! Brown Fox-Turquoise
S'J3 The Kid.. j 103 n. 1 loyd Ked Iron- Viola
1093 ViUn? 110 G. Wri tat 11. ra d-Elleena
V.,-9 wielaiu 106, : .... La Siesta =t'k farm. Imp Chesterfield-Harriet
1058 Cousin Joe 106 1 V. Nevada stable . jHK.o.>y H ettieHumphry
«<9G Orv»t««.. 106 :.. : way action Ip. OrniondD-KNsln? C.u't
162 Venciudor 113 : , — Dr. Ilcwell hi Rfo Her- Avail '
San Mateo ... 113 ; ! — W. 8. liobart sa vatorins
Altama.t 113 i .. ... }!urnstv at«r o.is- Imp Maxim-Altitude
1015 The Horn an 10b I ...' — wood st » farm Imp. rinuusBcauty
1008 Grata .106; ■■■■ ' |.. . ... Alna Dale stable .. Martenhurst
bECOND RACE— One and a quarter miles: selling. — —
I Best : T | i
Index. Name. j Lbs ; record. i Dlsu Lbs Tk. Owner. redlerao.
llO'J Belle Boyd I 94 1:29 7f 104 F.. J. P. Atkin ! El Rio Itey-Svlvia
• 1070 Pan.* 99 1:4334 l m i 90 Fa. J. Carrol Imp. Keene-Oray sail
1094 Uncl* Giles 115 1:54 U/ 8 m 10* F.. Nevadastable El Rio Rev-Ue™Humphrey
1070 sclmetar ! 99 1:42 |l m | 89 F.. J. H. Shields. Imp. Kothen-Wva- otte
1102 Lucmia Borgia 94 1:U |1 m 1 100 Fa. ; Kim wood stock frm! Imp Brutus-Lcdette
(1001) O.B.Morris 116 a -.40 U^m 106 Fa. P. Dunne ; Longfellow-Queen Beluga
THIRD RACE— One mile; purse. ~~~ ~"~~
— — — — — | j . — : ~ , _ ~~
Index. Name, Lbs record. Dlst. LbslTlc Owner. Pedigree.
1001 Perseus SS 1:36 ! 7f ] 96 H. Cambridge stable.. Imp. Kine Gallon- Vahka
(908) KHirfaitn........ 107 1:S8H 7 f ! 102 F... A. G. Blakeley ! Johnion no«.e C^*
1099 I'olask. 103 ! Owens Bros Captain Al-Gold Rn<T
(474) Joan | 94 1:27V 4 7f ; 108 F... J. Cvcbran *t. Carlo^acatelle g
1056 i Instigator | 8Gl:17Va 6f j 118 H.. I Elmwood sick farm Imp. ■ Bruius-In«al!aHnn
1016 ! AdlphSpreckels! 99 1 : 28% 7f j 101 F... K. orrl.ap .. Isaac M urphy.Je Tracy
FOURTH HACK— Five furlongs; selling. ■ > .-<<»-v. ■ ~ ~~ : — ~~ J -
- j Best ! j j "~~~ : ' ' ' : r~ ' ■ — :
Index. Name. Lbs Record Dlst. Lbs Tk. . Owner. Pedigree.
(1OVU) Wm. I'inkerton.' in flse^fl .109 iTsTc. Ilildreth ... rishannonFanu.P Ir-.J
(1032) Gold Bug u . a 110 1:00 3* it \ 108 £: J. Hunter . ..... Piusburc MolM« s bmi «
1016 Ip:p.SantaBella ! 106 1:07 5V 2 f 115 F. . W O'B. Macdono~h M t h;n !|Lp i,
1014 Moralasca | 95 1:10 5i| f i 110 F.. Alma D?le stable.:: ' I^iu^May^Vllev "®
_Je2 »> vla •-•• — ... .... b. Brown Imp. Wagner-FuberiVt
HFI1I RACE— Six furlongs: selling. " ' — :
> - ■-.'. ~ \ ~ I Best . i .' .. . . [ ! ~ ~ ~
Index. .Name. Lbs record. Dlst.. Lbs Tk. Owner. Pedigree.
105'J Huntsman.....'. 107 1:07 it 133 H. R. Herzoz Prn Knrfniir " — ~ —
107-J LInvllle 107 1:1514 6 t 103 F. Musto& Ru'yi.' Warwlrk sh,., ' HlLviie
1099 I Fullertonbass 107 1:18* 6f 101 H.. Shabont "able:"" Fu"ertoV-Cas!awav "
lilt ( % r e ?:::::::•: '23 \W 14 r E ?r^ e stable -
. SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs: selling. • ~ ~
~ i '■ : ~ i 1 Bent • i 1 ~ i 1 : ; : —
*"<*'*• y< "°*- Lbs record. Diiu ; LbVTk. j . Owner. • . Pedigree
||g il^ ill . j| |p H^--:;;; S^»^
1100 Nknac 91 l'-o^ 5^f II p" w kel8 "" *>Uowcharm.Jennlo Belsw
j i«« i»ua«c »1 i.u.^; o*/a • O» r .. W. F. Boeder'. Tatp Vnt!rti-PirTili»
low :Howa Wer - in 1 jS ?! 10. S>- 2" § Morrl.*^:: ? Meath
]°vll Kt:5; '9 1 ! JffSS *«' 102 Hi! W.^^ndaYr"-
1043 i Major Look 1:13 | 6t 104 F... Livingston stable.. Bulwark-Sister to Violei
the third event, a seven-furiong run, for
which Olive went to the post a top-heavy
favorite, bacKed from twos down to 9 to 10.
Joe Terry and All Over, the second *nd
third ciioices, respectively, both went back
in the betting. The favorite and All Over
made the running to the far turn, where
the latter fell back, and Joe Terry took
second position. Into the stretch Olive
gradually forged ahead and appeared to
hold the race safe, when McClain suddenly
brought the 30 to 1 shot, Fortuna, on from
third place, and in the hottest sorr of a
drive snatched the race by a short nose.
Joe Terry was a good third."
The bookmakers chalked up 1 to 2
against Montgomery in the betting on the
opening race, a rive and a half furlong
dash for maidens, but he did not seem to
stand in very high favor with bettors, and
the greater portion of the coin went in on
the 2>i to 1 second choice, Carnation. Be
fore reaching the stretch the latter had
passed Montgomery, and at the wire beat
him out easily by three leuths. Yucata n
a 100 to 1 sbot, finished in the show.
A selling affair at six furlongs followed.
Nervoso, with Willie Flynn up, opened a
pronounced G to 5 choice over the other
seven starters, but receded until 3 to 1 was
obtainable. This price was later back«Kl
down to 2. Red Pike, Irroa and Encino
were all fairly well supported at longer
odds. Red Tike showed the field the way
to the stretch when he had enough. Irma
thea took up the running, but was passed
by both Encino and Warrago, the former
winning easily by three lengths.
The betting on the two-year-olds, with
nine facing the starter, was sharp and
brisk. Around post time it was 9 to 5 and
take your pick against either George Pal
mer or Adam Andrew. Long odds were
laid against the majority of the other
starters. Adam Andrew showed promi
nently in the lead for a while or until the
pace grew too hot for him. Straightened
for the wire, George Palmer took com
mand, and in a rattling drive with the 20
to 1 outsider, Scarborough, who came fast
on the inside, gained the verdict by a nose.
Sister Adele ran a good race, finishing a
cood third.
A hot tip out on Artemus at one time
made him an equal choice in the betting
with Montalvo, but a reaction took piace
and he closed at 8 to 5, with evens the best
offer against Cochran's jumper. The other
entries were not greatly in demand. Arte
mus led for a bit, but grew weary early in
the game, falling back in the bunch. It
was then only a gallop for the favorite,
who passed the stand the easiest of winners
over Silverarlo, a 15 to 1 shot.
Another big plunge made on Mt. Mc-
Gregor U, the favorite for the last race of
the day, a six-furlong spin, helped swell
the winnings of the bookies still more.
Opening up at 2 to 1 a tremendous play
cut his odds to 4 to 5. Summertime and
Kovuisky both had twos chalked against
them at the opening, which prices were
greatly lengthened out at post time. The
odds-on favorite was in front almost from
the jump and appeared to be winning
hanailv, out opposite the drawpate appar
ently wanted to run out and then prop
ping waa beaten a head by the fast coming
summertime. Kowalsky was a poor third.
The winner went to the post 4 to 1.
TRACK AND PADDOCK ITEMS.
Fourteen book-makers handled the coin
in the ring yesterday.
Fortuna pulled up very lame after her
race.
On Wednesday, Cadmus, the conqueror
of Pepper in their great contest for the
Ormonde stake, was given np by a veter
inary. Yesterday the crack racer, who
has been suffering from bowel complaint,
showed signs of improvement, and it is
now thousht that his «reat sameness
will pull him through, and that he will
again face the flag.
The Spreckels colors thrice flashed past
the wire in front yesterday.
The run Scarborough marte yesterday
was a vast improvement ever his race in
the stake at the Bay District the day pre
vious.
Jockey Slaughter left for the East yes
terday.
Thomas Williams With War
rants for the Men Who
Plugged Horses.
The President of the Jockey Club
Investigated Matters Himself
to Some Purpose.
Thomas Williams, president cf the Cali
fornia Jockey Club, hunted up Judge
Campbell late last night and had him
issue two warrants for the arrest of two
men whom he suspects of the crooked
work which was done at the track last
Tuesday.
When the mare Marjorie was ready to
come to the post last Tuesday, it was seen
that she was distressed. It was thought
that she had been drugged, but it was
found her nostrils were plugged with fine
silken sponges. This led to further inves
tigation, and it was found that the mare
Decision, who had run very shy, had been
treated in the same way.
Nobody knew anything about the trick,
and at the time investigations were use
leys, but since then Williams heard some
thing which led him to suspect two men,
and so he hunted up Jud^e Campbell.
The Judge was found just leaving the
Tivoh, Dut he went up to the City Hall
and issued the warrants and about 1
o'clock this morning Williams and some
officers started out to serve them.
At 3 o'clock they were still hunting for
the miscreants.
Ihf Building Trade* Council to Take
the Matter to Washington.
Aside frnni its action upon enforcing the
union working card the Building Trades
Council last evening transacted considera
ble other business. By a vote of 12 to 9 it
decided not to recognize the shinglers'
delegates to the council because of differ
ences between the carpenters and shinglers
relative to their respective lines of work.
Another complaint has been sent to tnis
City from the carpenters working in Mill
Valley, Marin County. A letter was sent
to Business Agent C. F. fcchadt of the
council, which says:
J. W. Anderson, a contractor, is advertising
in the San Francisco papers for carpenters
and bringing them here to work on a nine
hour job. Several members of the .San *ran
cisco have come here not knowing that they
wore acting in any way different from the
other carpenters here.
The facts are that all the jobs here, with
this one exception, are union jobs, and about
twenty or thirty union carpenters are at
work.
Anderson gets the men on the representation
that all the jobs hero work nine hours.
We leave it to your discretion to do what you
think best to prevent this man obtaining anv
more men under these pretense*. We have
already seen him and can gut no other reply
than that he proposes to run his job to suit
himseif. We have got two men away and will
do all we can to get the remainder away.
The Polishers' and Yarnishers' delegates
were admitted to the council.
Business Agent Mclvor made a report
upon the violation of the eight-hour Fed
eral law in the painting of tue battleship
Oregon. He said he had called upon
United States District Attorney H. S.
Foote, who hesitated and showed his dis
inclination to enforce the law against the
big Union Iron Works sub-contractor who
was doing the painting.
Foote turned P. Mclvor over to a deputy,
who imitated his superior. The council
decided to place the matter in the bands
of the grievance committee wite instruc
tions to communicate with the Pacific
Coast Keuresentatives and the Justice De
partment at Washington. It will be
pushed so far as the labor unions of this
City are able.
56
CHARLES M. SMORTRIDOE,
Editor and Proprietor.
« J =
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Dally and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.
Dally «nd Sunday Call, one year, by mall. . . . 6.00
Dally and Sunday Call, six months, by mall.. 3.00
Dally and Sunday Cali,, three months by mail 1.60
Dally and Sunday Call, one month, by mall.. .65
Bunday Call, one year, by mail . 1.60
Wkkkly Cam., one year, by mall 1.60
• o THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are yon poing to the country on a vacation T If
to. It Is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
four address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss It. Orders given to the currier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention,
IHO EXTKA CHAUGE.
'^BUSINESS OFFICE:
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Main— 1868
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
617 Clay Street.
Telephone - Main— 1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
830 Montgomery ktreet, corner Clay; open until
1:80 o'clock.
S39 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Lariun street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
CW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open
»ti] 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street;' open until 9 o'clock.
116 &Uub«ireet; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
906 Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
teems 81 and 32, 34 Park Row, New. York City.
DAVID M. FOLTZ, Special Aeent-
JKIDAY... MAY 1. 1896
THE CALL SPEAKS FOR ALL.
Among Democratic candidates there are
np favorites.
It is Mayday everywhere, but nowhere
like it is here.
To-day Europe longs for a froiic and
prepares for a fracas.
A delegation loses half its power when
deprived of all its freedom.
One faction or the other at the Chicago
convention must either bolt or crawi.
See Redwood or Santa Rosa as you
please— you will have a bis time at either.
Cripple Creek now understands that
there is such a thing as beintr too red hot.
Democracy claims to be looking for a
Moses, but it is really hunting around for a
golden calf.
Gorman in the role of au economist has
shown himself one of the best comedians
in the Senate.
There is already enough compressed sir
in the democratic National machine to
run it or bust it.
The fake journalism that demoralizes
trade can be ruaue a losing trade if tiie
merchants combine.
Democracy mny j'et decide to fling
Cleveland into the ring again by way of
throwing up the sponge.
California should no tuSt. Louis pledged
only to the Republican party, the National
•welfare and the interests of the Pacific
Coast.
Protection to American industry in its
fullest scope is protection to American
civilization and the social development of
the people.
Spring in the East has brought an un
usual number of cyclones, flood3 and bliz
zards, but in the meantime we rejoice in
our festivals.
In the new French Cabinet Premier M.
Meline will hold the portfolio of agricul
ture, aral there is bonietning in the fact
that is significant of j^eace.
Barnev Barnato believes that by shutting
down his mines in the Transvaal he can
make the Boers open their eyes to the sit
uation, and perhaps hs can.
The Cripple Creek method o! dealing
with fire-thieves by shooting them on the
spot was rather lawless, but it seems to
have suited the occasion it was made for.
Having received the indorsement of the
Democratic Convention in Pennsylvania
the Pattison boom is now a little bigger
than Harrity's mouth, but not much big
ger.
The only logical solution of the Demo
cratic problem this year is for the conserv
ative members to join the Republicans
and let the otner fellows go to the Popu
lists...
England may well rejoice in her surplus
•while she has it, for her chances of finding
big Trars on her hands before the year is
over are liabilities that may reduce it
before !ong.
The Kelly-Mahoney combination did
not get on the rolJ as they expected, but
all the same they got a roll on that will
land them in the mud when the State Con
vention meet 1 ?.
Since they have indorsed the Cleveland
administration uny one who refers to the
Democrats among the Micliiganders here
aiter will put the emphasis very strongly
on the "ganders."
After hunting around Democracy has
found a number of candidates ready to
enter the Presidential race, but, unfor
tunately none of them belong to the
Presidential class.
The Boera may bluster a good deal about
the British and American miners who
have developed the wealth of the Rand,
but they are too wise to kill the goose that
lays the golden eggs.
The Kelly and Mahoney combination
vociferously asserts itself to be a supporter
of McKinley, but to the wiser friends of
the Ohio statesman it seems more like a
dead weight on the movement.
Whatever may be said by the partisans
of the various favorites among Republican
candidates, the rank and file of the party
Jcnow tbat an unpledged delegation of
strong men is the common-sense of the
situation.
Wolcott's letter expresses the senti
ments of the great mass of Republican
bimelallists. It would be better to have a
Republican administration, even wittj the
gold standard, than to turn the country
over to Democratic bunglers or unbal
anced Populists.
As an illustration of the way in which
Southern Democrats are getting together
for the campaign it is worth noting that
the Richmond (Va.) Times says: "Bland
is an admirable specimen of the humbug
and winabag to put in the lead of such a
Falsiaflian, Moldy, Shadow, Wart, Feeble
and Bull-calf party as the Missouri conven
tion would make of the Democratic party."
In the whoie course of the discussion
concerning the attitude which the Cali
fornia delegation should take at St. Louis
there has not been advanced a single valid
argument by those who desire that the
delegation ehaii stand for one man in
antagonism to all others, and who urge
that the delegation be pledged to vole for
that man first, last and all the time.
All that has been said by those who
favor guch a pledged delegation is that
California bas a favorite among Republi
cai. candidates for the Presidency and that
her representatives at the National Con
vention should not even consider the
claims of any other. It requires an ex
treme Dersonal partisan to see any wisdom
in a policy of that kind. U it were car
ried out ia every State in the Union there
would be no advantage at all in holding a
National Convention. Everything in the
form of deliberation, counsel and careful
study of the situation would be set aside
and men voting from preferences, passions
or prejudices would determine the leader
ship and the policy of the party without
regard to great National considerations.
Fortunately the extreme partisans of
any particular candidate are not suffi
ciently strong to dominate the Republican
party of California at this juncture. The
common-sense of the majority has begun
to assert itself and is made evident through
the voices of the press and interviews
with prominent Republicans of all sections
of the State. These men differ in their
personal preferences. Allison, Cullotn,
McKinley, Morton and Keed have each
earnest supporters among them. All of
them, however, see the advantage to Cali
fornia of having an uninstructed delega
tion at the convention, and that advantage
they are too wise to forego.
As the discussion proceeds, this view of
the case becomes more and more appre
ciated by the rank and tile of the party.
The one way of faithfully representing
California Repubiicani.^m is by sending to
8t. Louis a delegation of strong men, un
plfdged and un trammeled. That is what
should be done, and all signs now point to
the conclusion that it will be done.
In his letter to Irving W. Howbert,
chairman of the Republican State Com
mittee of Colorado, Senator Wolcott lays
down a rule of conduct that seems ad
mirably to meet the diHiculties presented
by a divergence of views on tqe silver
question. Although written as a sugges
tion to the Republicans of Colorado, who
are unanimous for free silver, it applies
equally well to all other silver Republi
cans. He says:
When the Republican State Convention
meets on May 14 it may aeciine to be repre
sented at St. Louis or it may select delegates.
It" the latter, the duty of the delegation, in
my opinion, will be to attend the convention,
make the host fight possible for bimetallism
in the committee on resolutions and on the
floor of the convention, if there shall be an
opportunity for discussion oefore the whole
convention, and after having insisted by every
proper method upon the duty of the con
vention to declare in favor of the restoration
of silver as a measure of valne equally with
gold, to acceDt the will of the majority of the
convention and endeavor to secure the nomi
nation of the candidate most friendly to West
ern interests.
There is no sacrifice I would not make to se
cure the remonetization of silver, both because
in my opinion prosperity will never return to
us until bimetallism at the former ratio is re
established and because the appreciating
value of gold and the shrinkage of the values
which necessarily follow this appreciation
must bring only disaster and poverty and
suffering to all the people of this country who
Rre not lenders of money. To secure the un
limited coinage of silver, I would count carty
ties as nothing. At this moment, however, the
situation which confronts us is this: Both of
the two great parties are apparemly opposed
to free coinage by the United States. The
Populist party favors free coinage, but only as
a means to secure more currency and as a
stepping-stone to unlimited paper money, and
it unites with its free coinage advocacy social
istic and paternalistic doctrines which are
daugerous in tendency and which would be, if
adopted, destructive of free institutions.
This exhibits a true party spirit and
means that the comprehensive aims of the
Republican party are too great and of too
vital interest to the welfare of the country
to be destroyed by factional dissension.
At the same time, astute as Senator Wol
cott is known to be, there is a chance of
error on his part when he assumes that
"the two great parties are apparently op
posed to free coinage by the United
States." In any event it is the duty of
free-silver Republicans to make as hard
and persistent a fizht as is possible with
out disrupting the party, trusting to time
and to the pressure of their influence
within the ranks of the party to win a
peaceful victory in the end.
The reports from the floral festival now
being held at Redwood City show that the
intelligent residents of San Mateo County
have bounded at a leap into the front
rank of progressive citizens, who under
stand the value of these festivals and ap
preciate the opulence of the material
which nature has placed at their disposal.
A queen serving as a perfect complement
to the beauty and grace of the flowers is
already in possession of the town, wield
ing her floral scepter with imperious
grace and puissance, and the coronation
ball was an event to be remembered. The
festival will come to a close to-morrow.
The fact that the festival is held for a
local charitable purpose removes from it
somewnat that broader aspect observable
in festivals heid for the general advance
ment of the community. That, however,
is merely a surface view. The people
have proved just as responsive and their
efforts have been as prodigal of artistic
and picturesque results as though their
carnival had been planned on broader
lines. As San Mateo County contains a
generous share of the wealthy people who
povern the destinies of San Franci.sco, it is
uncommonly well equipped to make a fes
tival of this kind an exceptionally attract
ive affair.
In indorsing ex-Congressman Eland for
the Democratic nomination for President
the Democracy of Missouri emphasizes its
right to be called the biggest fool wing of
all the wings of the general parly. If the
Republican party were not absolutely sure
of having more electoral votes than it will
have any use for, the nomination of Mr.
Bland would be most weicome, but as it is
it would make victory too easy to give
spirit and energy to the campaign. The
Republican nominee will want to see
some show of opposition to bis election,
otherwise the race would grow unsuffer
ably monotonous.
Aside from being something of a bimetal
list, in vhich he shoyrs that a few gleams
of the light of advancing civilization has
penetrated his denBe Bourbonism, Mr.
Bland is as closely wedded to untenable
economic principles as one could be. He
still breathes the same kind of political
atmosphere that inspired James Buchanan,
and he believes that moss upon one's back
is necessary to a clear and comprehensive
understanding of ti.e science of govern
ment. But in that he is not far behind
Carlisle, Gorman, Morrison and the score
or more other aspirants for the honor of
being knocked out by the nominee of the
St. Louis convention.
Putting aside the better phases of his
theory of a financial system for this coun
try, which are really sound and sensible
in spots, Mr. Biand has always been a
consistent Democrat in supporting his
party's time-worn opposition to the doc
trine that the world moves and that civil
ization does not advance with the wrong
end to. Mr. Bland is an extremist on the
tariff question. He would turn all cus
tom-houses into free storage places for
foreign pauper labor made commodities,
and he would cordially invite India and
Argentina to fetch their wheat to our
mills to be ground into flour for American
consumption. But after all Mr. Bland is
a representative Dencocrat, except that he
is not a gold monometallic, as are nearly
all the leaders of that party. The Dem
ocracy of Missouri makes a fool of itself in
trying to create a great statesman out of a
backwoods politician. Nevertheless, Mr.
Bland ought to be deemed eligible to make
application for the Chicago nomination,
even if it is the fact that what little lie
knows about the science of finance is all he
knows about any question of .National in
terest.
The Colorado Senator Scores Populists
and "Bows" Himself.
To the Editor of the San Francisco Call— Sir:
The letter of Senator Wolcott of Colorado,
which appeared in the news columns of The
Call tnis morning (April 30). is a notable pro
duction and challenges attention; but within
the limits of a brief letter It is impossible to
consider it in detail, as I would Imj only too
glad to do. I note the fact that it was trans
mitted from Washington while the great de
bate between his colleague, Senator Teller, and
Senator Sherman of Ohio on the silver issue
was in progress, and I quite agree with Senator
Sherman, the ablest Champion of the gold
standard of values, that "'the time has come
fora linal settlement of the silver question by
the people"; and 1 further ugree with him that
"each party should BtSte its position honestly
aud manfully." In this view of political duty
Senator Sreriuan is in full accord with the
gold-standard advocates ia both of the old par
ties.
S nator Wolcott declines the issue, although
he represent* a silver Slate, and declares in
his letter that. "There is no sacrifice I would
not make to secure the remomtizatinn of sil
ver.' aud again that. "To secure the unlimi'ed
coinage of silver 1 woold count party ties as
nothing.'' One would say that Senator Wol
cott is explicit enough, and that the logic of
his position, thus explicitly stated, would
place him Inside Senator Teller, who said in
debate with Senator Sherman that when his
party ceased to represent the views he held to
be paramount to the country's weltare he
would cease to act with his party. He had
helped to form the Republican party by leav
ing the Deniocraiic party, In compliance with
this principle, and if his party now declares
for the gold standard he will leave his party.
Hut Senator Wolcott declines this issue also.
Up finds nimself "between the devil (the Popu
list party) and the deep sea" (political ob
livion), and he becks to make his way to safety
by the same means so successiullv employed
by Senator Hill of New York, who in per
plexity lias alwavs found a way out by ex
claiming, "1 am a Democrat."
"Under these circumstances and condi
tions," says Senntor Wolcott, "1 desire to be
counted a.- a Republican." and assures us that
he is "still hopeful" that his party "may on
this great economic question yet rank itself
on the side ot humanity and civilization," and
trusts that "some common ground may be
found upon which bimetallists untainted "with
Populism may Mnnd."
Just how n ucli "hope" and "trust" he may
have that his party "may yet rank itself on
the side of humanity and civilization" can be
■MO In this statement: "At this moment the
situation which confronts us is this: Both of
the two great panks are apparently opposed
to free coinage by the United States," and he
bows to the will of the gold-standard majority.
Quite as a matter ol course Senator Woleott
pays Mime attention to the Populists. "The
Populist party favors free coinage," he says,
"but only as a means to secure more currency
and as a ttepplng-stoM to unlimited paper
monty." Hut he iailed to move this to be a
fair sta'enient by quoting the Populist Na
tionfil platform adopted at Omaha, in which
the third section of the linanciai flunk reads
as follows:
'•We demand that the amount of circulating
medium," including gold, silver and paper,
"be speedily increased to not less than $50 per
capita," the estimated volume of money in
circulation at the close of the Civil
War, the era of greatest prosperity ever
known in t.'iis couutrv, as Senator Wol
cott himself will freely admit. If that means
•"unlimited paper money" Senator Wolcott
may find that a surprisingly large number of
intelligent American citizeis are quite ready
to vote for it. It would seem that Senator
Wol colt has so little respect for Populists that
he is willing to put himself on record over his
own signature as capable of making a gross
u-raent of their" position on tbe money
question, which any intelligent man will
know to be false and intentionally misleading
by simply reading the Ornaha platform. A
man of senator Wolcott's conceded ability and
his high position is in a bad way who can re
sort to such puerile tactics in order to excuse
himself for bowing to the will of the gold
standard majority when he represents a silver
State. Poor Wolcott! Poor Pettigrew! Barely
the cause of "humanity and civilization" will
prosper with Kuch faithful champions aud
brave defenders.
But these dangerous Populists ar« not to be
let off by Senator Wolcott merely by a gro.^s
misstntement and perversion of their position
on the money question. A* a further excuse
for his desertion of the constituency which
sent him to the Senate of the United States to
protoct and defend their Interests as a State,
waxing warm and growing bold he relieves his
feelings in these withering words: "Thare is,
in my opinion, one event which might involve
our country in worse disaster than mono
metallism, and only one, and that would be the
triumph of Populism." Of course there is a
chariuble view which fair-mindi-d men
can take of Senator Woicott's stat«- of mind and
it is this: If be has no mure delinitu knowledge
or better understanding of the principles of
the Populist party than lie displays in stating
their financial demands nil men of generous
impulse will readily excuse him in his hour of
weakness wiien he yielded to the syren of the
gold standard and humbly Petttgrewod him
self, for in his present Mate of mind it would
seem unkind to hold him to a strict account
ability. Joseph Aseubt Johnson.
11 Essex street, San Krancinco.
"Politeness is a (jood thing," said the under
tRK<-r, "But that idiot of a Jibson will find out
that he is carrying it too far if he don't quit
his practice of asking me to excuse him {or liv
ing." — Indianapolis Journal.
Bucolic Delights.— Redmond — Going to spend
your summer on a farm, as usual, this year?
Black— No; the house that I live in now has
a stable in the rear; that's good enough.—
} J hiladflphia American.
"Come here, Johnny. I must teach you
your letters. Do you see that round letter?
That is o; and that letter with a dot over it
is i."
Johnny gaped and loosed in the opposite di
rection ana said : "Let's play something else."
—Judge. , ;v;
"Rose's marriage is off." ',
"How embarrassing I Her wedding invita
tions were out."
"Yes, but she just called them in and made
it a 5 o'clock tea."— Chicago Record.
"There ought to have been some baseball
games amoug those Athenian contests," re
marked Manchester to Birmingham. '
"Nonsense!"
"What would have been more appropriate
than for the American* to show the Greeks
what they know of Homers?" — Pittsburg
Chronicle-Telegraph.
Ex-Speaker Crisp, whose health is said to be
seriously impaired, will spend the summer at
Newport. He has already, engaged quarters
there for himself and his family.
"Would you like to take acnance?" asked
the timid, rosy-cheeked maiden of the stran
ger at the church fair.
"Would I?" exclaimed the stranger radi
antly. "Well,* should say I would, but—" his
voice fell to a whisper and the eager light in
his eves died to a far-away, sad expression, "I
am already married."— Washington Times.
"Did my singing disturb you yesterday?"
said the musical young woman.
"Were you singing?" asked the impolite
boarder.
"Why. of course. Didn't vou hear me?"
"I believe it was your voice I heard. But I
thought you had teen mouse."— Washington
Star.
One of the best known men of the Northwest
is ex-Mayor J. T. Ronald of Seattle, who ar
rived here yesterday and is at the Grand.
Ex-Mayor Konald is a Democrat of a pro
nounced type. He is also a laryer. The gen
tleman came from Missouri in 1S75 and settled
at Lincoln, near Sacramento. In 1832, im
pelled by the boom in Washington growing
out of the building oi the Northern Pacific
road, he moved to Seattle, then as now the
largest place in Washington. It had, as Mr.
Konald said yesterday, between 0000 and 70UO
peqpli-.
'•Sow, as near as I can figure it," he said,
"we have about 55,000 or 50,000. We did
have about 00,000, but the dull times lessened
the number some, and between 3000 and 4000
have gone to Alaska.
"There has been great interest in these
Alaska mines. Old-time residents at Seattle
tell me there has been nothing like it since
the Fraser River excitement. Steamer after
Eteamer has been thronged wila men, and
schooners were brought into requisition. Even
then the men who wanted to go couldn't pet
off. There were too many. S tea nib hip owners
had to stop selling tickets.
"The wholesaling houses Imve done an Im
mense business. Large firms likeSchwabacher
Brothers have assured me that business was
just as good with them as it ever wai. Iliis,
occurring at a period when there was unpre
cedented dullness, shows what the Alaska in
terest is. I think only a few women aud chil
dren have gone, however.
"As regards the State of Washington I would
not be surprised if we had the hottest fight
there ere long that has ever occurred. I refer
to the political fight for the United States sen
atorship on the west side of tho Cascade Moun
tains.
"Senator Watson C. Squire is out hot and
heavy lor a nomination, and Governor Mc-
Graw is also in the field. McGraw is very
shrewd in politics. Besides these two there is
A. F. Uurluigb, now receiver oi the Northern
Pacific Railroad. Rurleigh is a very skilled
lawyer, a ready, plausible «alker «na a strong
man for making a run or this kind. He came
over from Helena, Mont., a few years ago, where
he had been for some Hi tie time, and located
at Seattle.
'•In a way he has taken the place of Colonel
J. C. Haines, who died some time ago. I
haven't heard Burleigh's" candidacy proclaimed
In any way by himself, hut it is understood and
whispered around that he will probably be in
the field.
"I wouldn't be surprised at all if there was a
deadlock, the same as we Lad before onco up
there. ,
"I am just down here to look around, that
is, that is mainly it. I am going to visit two
or three of my old college associates here, and
am alao going up to Lincoln and Sacramento,
where I have a number of old friends."
Yrrka Journal.
As the time draws near for our State and.Con
gressional Conventions to meet at Sacramento,
the sentiment ol nearly the entire press of the
State eeems to favor sending an unpledged
delegation to St. Louis. Wuile many stanch
Republican newspapers throughout the State
have a personal preference among the promi
nent men mentioned for Presidential honors,
yet they believe in placing their own personal
desire in the background and act for the best
interest of the State. A delegation which is
hampered by pledges is never in a position to
do anything for their State, unless their man is
fortunate enough to receive the nomination,
and even then oftentimes they receive little
consideration, as everything worth having ia
given away to gain the support of those who
are working in the interest of some other can
didate. It is very much like a man throwing
all the bouquets to his opponents, feeling that
his friends will be loyal at «ny rate, but some
times they learn to their t-orrow that the
friends like an occasional bouquet.
If the California delegation is sent un
pledged the cnanees are fuvorable for Califor
nia naming a Cabinet officer, which would
doubtless be of uniol.l benefit to this State. The
big fight niftiif to bring the National Conven
tion to San FrancD-co and the visit of a num
ber of men of National reputation to our
shores, has brought the great resources and
needs for their development under the notice
of our Eastern friends, and If we can get a
good man in a Cabinet position, together with
the attention we have already attracted, we
would certainly obtain a great deal of benefit.
A pledged delegation is almost sure to earn
the enmity of the candidates they are not sup
porting, and when they finally see their man
cannot get in, and are compelled to go into
another camp, they do so with a feeling that
they are of very little consequence, and are
usually treated accordingly.
We have good, honest, upright men in the
Republican party in this State, who can be in
trusted to work for our interests. They are
personally interested in the welfare of the
State, and are familiar with all the principles
which are essential to the prosperity of the
country and to California. We don't want to
select these men and then tell them that we
cannot trust them or rely upon them to do
what is right, but we must lay out a pro
gramme which they must follow regardless of
consequence*. The press of this State has
spoken for an unpledged delegation, and
when the press makes a fight for anything
they usually get it, so we believe we are abso
lutely safe in predicting that California's dele
gation will go to St. Louis free to do a; they in
their judgment believe is for the best interest
of the State, ami if their efforts shall result in
gaining nothing for us we can at least feel
that they ucted honestly and with the highest
motives, which they are sure to do when in
trusted with our confidence.
The Tali, is making a vigorous effort to have
the detection from this State go to the Na
tional -Republican Convention uninBtructed.
It claims, ana rightly, too, that the delegation
will have more influence in the convention
for California's future interests if the members
are left free to art after they reach St. Louis.
If the delegates go instructed for any man
they cut no figure in the contest, as they are
counted beforehand; but if they arc there to
deliberate and select the best and most avail
able man they will be consulted, and can get
con.cessions.from the loaders of any candidate
who desires their vote. The (alt. wishes a
member ot the Cabinet for California. This
State is entitled to a Cabinet position no matter
which party may succeed at the polls, Dut it
will never get even the promise of such a po
sition if the delegate vote to the National Con
vention is instructed and thus pledged before
hand to support some particular candidate.
This applies to the Democrnts and Pooulists
as well. The result of the Presidential cam
paign cannot be foretold. The people of "the
United States are apt to surprise the politicians,
and the assured air of victory which the Re
publican press now assumes may be changed
after they hear the people's verdict. It will be
well, then, (or California if all political par
ties send their wisest and best men to repre
sent them in the National conventions, with
the view to select the best men as candidates
and to secure reroanitioa for the State in (he
coming administration.
I.afceport Bee.
TnK Call is agitating the sending of an un
pledged delegation to the Republican Nation
al Convention at St. Louis. It claims that it
would have more weight and might possibly
dictate who would be the standard bearer—
that is, if the contest is close, and they have
the balance of power. They would then be in
position to make terms and could at least get
a Cabinet office for this State. Heretofore
this coast has been ignored at Washington, all
because we had no pull with the powers that
M. It would not necessarily Interfere with
any candidate's chances for nomination. We
henrtily indorse the proposition and hope the
California delegation will be uninstructed.
Petalumlan.
We believe with Thb Call that In
the event of the election of a Republican
President the chances will be excellent for a
seat in the Cabinet coming to California if an
unpledged delegation is sent to the National
Convention. It doesn't take but one good eye
to see the weakness and impotence of a delega
tion that is tied hand and foot by a Pledge.
This is not on our side of the nouse and is not
our pir, but we would like to see California in
a yos tion to command recognition from the
next President, whether he is to be a Demo
crat or Republican.
Bismarck says the hardest thing attending
his retirement from oflice waR the compulsory
idleness. "It was a curious feeling," he said,
"to wake up of a morning and find thai the
ouly thing I had now to do was to wind up
my watch."
When Justin McCarthy retired from Parlia
ment not long ago it was surmised that he
would probably spend tome of his time in ex
tending his "History of Our Own Times." It
now appears that lie is to write for the Out
look a popular life of Gladstone.
A. H. Heincmann of Xapa Is here.
Dr. Cort of Eureka is at the Grand.
Robert Graham of Los Angeles is in town.
Tivoli Koenlg of Paris is at the Occidental.
Dr. G. D. Marvin of Blue Lake is at the Grand.
Professor E. N. Griggs of Stanford University
is in town.
Murk L. McDonald of Santa Rosa is at the
Occidental.
L. M. Lasell, a business man of Martinez, ar
rived here yesterday.
E. F. Walker and son of Green Castle, Ind.
are at the cosmopolitan.
Deputy County Clerk Eugene Wachhorst of
Sacramento is in the City.
W. H. Perry, an extensive lumber-dealer of
Los Angeles, is on a visit here.
C. B. Reas, a Porterville orange-grower, with
his wife, is at the Cosmopolitan.
Cyr Pauwely, a wealthy cattle and sheep
raiser of Dillon, Mont., is in the City.
Robert L. Crooks, a merchant of Santa
Rosa, is in the City, accompanied by his wife.
William N. Ross, a prominent cattle-raiser
of Humboldt County, is among the recent ar
rivals here.
J. C. Mogk, the well-known grain merchant
of Colusa, is at the Grand. He is here on his
wedding trip.
Among those who registered at the Palace
yesterday was Edward .Morse of Chilcoten,
British Columbia. . , . .
Hugo Toland, the actor, who long resided
here, arrived from New York yesterday. He is
at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Eddy of Missoula, Mont.,
are at the Rubs. Mr. Eddy is one cf the wealth
iest men in Montana.
Mrs. F. M. Irwin and child, and Miss Spauld
ing of Honolulu, arrived here from the East
last night and are at the Palace.
Ex-Congressman Louttit of Stocktot, is at the
Lick. He is bronzed from a trip to Tuolumne,
Calaveras and other counties on mining busi
l ness. . ; : - '.•-..'
R.S. Tiffany, the great dealer in precious
gems, has arrived here from his home in New
York for a brief stay. He is accompanied by
G. M. Ransom, also of New York.
A prominent party from Cleveland, Ohio,
consisting of the Rev. Z. L. Randolph, Chap
lains Dunbar and McWhorter and Frank
Brightman, arrived here yesterday.
The Rev. W. F. Hubbard of Walla Walla, ac
companied by Mrs. Hubbard, Mies Hubbard
and Henry Hubbard. is at the Occidental. • '
J. M. Davles, business manager and one of
the owners of the Los Angeles Express, arrived
here yesterday, accompanied by Mrs. Davies.
They are at the Palace.
Charles Bowling, an old resident of Nevada
who has made a fortune in cattle raising, is at
the Russ, accompanied by his family. He has
been lately for a little while in Alameda.
Stanley O. Post, a letter-carrier who has
been connected with the service for twenty
years, left yesterday on the Mariposa for Aus
tralia. He has been granted a leave of absence
of one year by the Government.
Joseph R. Walker, principal owner of tht
Union Bank of Salt Lake, of the Walker House
there and a vast amount of other property, ar
rived here last night and is at the Occidental.
He is accompanied by Mrs. Walker and Ray
Walker. Mr. Walker is one of the early pio
neers of Salt Lake.
Clarence E. Edwards, managing editor of
the Kansas City Journal, the big morning Re
publican paper of Southwestern Missouri, who i
arrived here over a week since, has taken his
departure for Honolulu. Mr. Edwards' hard
campaign work in the recent municipal con
test is the cause of his going to the islands.
He needs rest. Mrs. Edwards is with him.
NEW YORK, N. Y., April 30.— At the Astor,
J, C. Beur; Murray Hill, Mw. H. Grant Winn;
bt. Denis, Mr.-. Archibald and Miss C. Archi
bald; Continental, E. B. do la Matyn and J.
McLoughlin; Hoffman, A. Goldberg; Marl
borough, I. Goodfriend.
The world had all gone wrong that day,
And tired find In despair, > ■ . -■
Discouraged with the ways of life,
I sunk Into my chair.
A soft caress fell on my cheek.
My hands were thrust apart,
And two hii?. sympathizing eyes
Gazed down into my heart.
I had a friend; what cared I now
tot fifty worlds! I .knew
One heart was anxious when I grieved—
-My dog's heart, loyal, true.
"God bless him," breathed I soft and lov*
And bugged him close and tight.
One lingering lick upon my ear,
And we were happy— —Lift
A stylish shirt waist is shown here, which is
also suitable for making up lawns and the
Hphter weight cottons. Grass linen made after
this model is as stylish and comfortable a waist
as one can well have.
Wliite lewn with ruffles of yellow lace are pre
ferred by some women to the severely cut and
starched shirt waists.
An Old Date— G. W. B., City. The 24th of
August, 1854, fell on a Thursday.
Thk First Issue— Mrs. E., Stockton, Cal.
The first number of Thk Call was issued De
cember I, 1856.
Army Promotions— R. t., City. You will
have to write to the Secretary of War for infor
mation about examination and proniotioaof
privates to the grado of second lieutenant.
Debt— R. T., City. In California the only im
prisonment ior debt is in the case of a party
found guilty of misdemeanor in disposing of
hi* property for the purpose of defrauding his
creditors. For this he may be sent to jail.
AQUA Tofa'na— D. E., City. Aqua Tofa'na,
or manna of St. Nicola of Bari, was a colorless
and tasteless liquid invented by an old woman
of Naples, named lotiaua. It is stated ttiai
more than 600 people were put out of the way
by means of tliis insidious drug.
The Six Vessels— F. C. J., City. The picture
showing six vessels (British ones) at Sausalito
waiting for charters was published in The
Call on the 20ih of March lRst. The names of
the vessel* are: Cruigend, Eden Valleymore,
Hyderabad, Kilmeny, Hahnemann and'Wynn
stay.
Tom Moore's Parents— J. J. P., City. The
father of Tom Moore, ihe Irish poet, was Jotin
Moore, & native of Kerry, a grocer and wine
merchant, and his mother was Auastasia, the
eldest daughter of Thomas Codd, a wine mer
chant of \V ex lord.
The Double Tow— F. C. J., City. The picture
of a tug towing two vessels into port was pub
lished in The Call of July 31, 1895. The tug
was the Alert, Cantuin Brokau, mid th# vessels
the ship Eudora, Captain Ogilvie, 139 days
from Swansea, and the barkeuune B.O. Wil
der, Captain Hay, twenty-nine davs iroiu Hono
lulu.
Divorced Woman— E. E., San Quentin. Cal.
Your question in regard to a divorced woman
and promissory note is one thai cannot be
answered without a full knowledge of the
facts. If a note is signed Mary Smith thai is
all that i« necessary, ii that is her name. The
title "Mrs." is not necessary. As a rule an
action is against the maker ol the note or the
iiiiiorser.
Four Vicars— L. M., City. It bas recently
been held by a Judge of one of the Superior
Courts that at the la.-t held election the county
officers of this state were elected for a term of
four ypnrs. Tin; Election Commissioners of
this City hold that the law and the decision
do not apply to san Francisco. The Supreme
Court will probably be called upon to pass on
this question.
Tariff on Pianos— W. H. H., City. The
tanS on pianos imported into the United
States is 25 per cent, but if brought Into the
country as household effects there is no tax,
for the household effects and usual furniture
of persons or families from foreign countries,
if actually used abroad by them not less than
one year, and not intended for any other per
son or persons, and not for sale, arenot subject
to duty.
Rose Leaves— Mrs. B., Oakland, Csl. Rose
leaves may be preserved so that they will re
tnin their fragrauce by sun-drying them, but
their fragrance does not last very long. The
better way is to preset e them in a rose jar, pre
pared as follows: Sundry the leaves of the
Black Prince, Pauline or other fragrant rose,
place them in a fancy jar, add a few cloves, a
little cinnamon bark and a little alcohol, just
enough to moisten the leaves, and men place
the jar for a time in the sun where it may eet
warm, but not hot. The cover should always
be kept on whiie the jar is in tne sun. After it
has been so exposed a moat dolightiul odor is
emitted from the jar.
Citizen-ship— G. C. P.. City. If you have been
In the United States fourteen years and have
obtained your naturalization papers what
more do you want to become a citizen of the
United States ? If you have but recently ar
rived in this State and wish to exercise the
privileges of a citizen thereof at the next elec
tion, you will have to go to the registration
oUice end show that you have resided in the
Mate one year, in the county in which you claim
your vote ninety days and election precinct
thirty nays. As your communication is not
very clear, it is possible that you mean that
you have your first papers and now want to
obtain your second, but cannot find any one
who can prove that you have resided live years
continuously in the United States. In that
case go to the naturalization bureau- of the
party you intend to affiliate with, and"you will
there obtain all the information.
Throwing the Hammer— Subscriber, Naps,
Cal. The following are the rules for throwing
the hammer:
The head and handle maybe of any size, shape
and material, provided tne length of' the com
pleted implement, shall not be more than four fett
and its weight not less than sixteen pounds. The
competitor. may assume, any uosiilon he chooses
and use either one or both hands.
All the throws shall be made from a circle seven
feet in diameter, and this circle shall be divided
into halves by a line drawn through l.a center.
A fair throw shall be one In which no part of the
person of the competitor touches the ground out
side the circle and the competitor leaves the circle
by its rear half. A throw shall be foul if
any part of the person of ■ the competitor touches
the ground outside the front half of the circle be
fore the throw Is measured.
Foul throws and letting go of the hammer in an
attempt shall count as trial throws
The measurement of each throw shall be from
the nearest mark made bv the fall of the head of
the hammer to the circumference of the circle, on
aline irom the mark mnde at the head of the
hammer to the center of the circle.
The number of trials and methods of decision
shall be the same as in the running broad jump.
('Each competitor shall have three trial jumps
and the best three shall each have three or moie
trial jumps The competition shall be decided by
the best of all the trial jumps of the competitors.")
•Hammers shall be furnished by the games com
mittee. Any contestant may use his private ham
mer, if correct in weight and length; in which
case the other contestants must also be allowed to
use it if they wish.
DEVELOPING GOLD PROPERTIES.
What the Gold Hnmta Eichakge Propose
Doing.
To the Editor of the Han Francisco Call— Sir:
Your timely editorial of the '27th inst., headed
'•Gold Mining Prospects," is clearly on the line
of work laid out by the Gold Mining Exchange.
To select and examine meritorious properties
will be its direct purpose. The monev re
ceived from the Bale of tnese shares will be
applied only to development purposes, and
correct reports will be regula r ly furnished to
stockholders and the public. To avoid compli
cations stock which may be subscribed for at a
stated bedrock price will be held in escrow by
the company, receipts beinn given in their stead
until such time as the mine is paying its own
expenses. Sufficient treasury stoek being thus
provided for all necessary development work
and the erection of tbe most improved ma
chinery, assessments will not be necessary.
\Vith the exchange to guard over the funds of
the company, a guarantee of safety will be
spread about ihe investors.
The well-known frieudliness of The Call to
the mining industry and its lurge circulation
and Influence throughout the coast will be the
means of great assistance to the Gold Mining
Exchange in its efforts for the development
and exploitation of many of our great gold
properties now lying idle for want of capital.
Very truly, Walter Turnbull.
San Francisco, April 29, 1896.
The Queen of Belgians plays the harp ex
uisitely.
Emperor Wilhem of Germany is very fond
of operatic music.
According to Hamilton W. Mabie, the Scarlet
Letter and Pembroke are the best American
novels.
Another "genius" has just been discovered
in Paris in the person of one Eeepmaker, a
Dutch novelist.
The favorite hobby of Prince Adolph Schaum
burg-Lippe is to array himself in military attire
and drive a tramcar.
Judge Albion W. Tourgee has undertaken a
crusade against books with uncut leaves, which
lie pronounces "a senseless and snobbish fad."
The Austrian Empress Elizabeth amused
herself while in Naples recently by buying up
the entire stock of a toy store and distributing
it among a crowd of delighted children.
Unlike his predecessor, the young Czar of
Russia walks almost daily in the streets of St.
Petersburg. Sometimes he is attended by no
one but his wife. On other occasions he goes
alone.
Hcrr Schoenlank's collection of paintings,
which includes Van Dyke's "Charles I," from
the Hamilton collection; Rembrandt's larga
landscape with "Judah and Tamar," Paul
Veronese's "Catterina Cornaro," and genuine
Titians and Lucas Craaachs. will soon be
sold at Cologne.
A Nice present for Eastern friends— Town
send's CaL glace traits, 50c lb. 627 Market at. *
. ■ — • • :-'-■ ' ■ •„ V ■„. . / 1 ' '. .'
Special information daily to manufacturers,
business houses and public men by the Press
Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Montgomery. •
■ * * — •
Flower fete surpassed by the wild flower
carnival along the route of the N. P. C. R. R.
via Sausalito ferry, which families end private
parties can enjoy without annoyance of Sun
day picnics and boisterous crowds. ;:.'■■■• • r
« » — « i . i'n.Y-
Prince Krapottin, revolutionary exile and
Nihilist, leads a patriarchal existence among
the Kentish laborers, with whom he has made
his home. He has a . kindly, thoughtful,
bearded face, a figure bent with the "literary
stoop," thin, nervous hands,- and the courtesy
to be found only in the best class of Russian
society. ! _____________
To purify the blood, restore the lost appetite and
build up the whole system take Hood's Barsa
parllla. The necessity of a spring medicine is
universally admitted. Take only Hood's.' o--V?».^
Important change of Time.— The 12th lnst.
the Northern Pacltic Railroad inaugurated adoubla
daily passenger service between Portland and St.
raui, making a saving of ten hours between Port
land and Chicago. These are the fastest and finest
equipped trains that ever were run out of the Pa
cific Nortnwest. The superior accommodations in
our passenger equipment reconr -nend our line to
all. Ours Is the only line that runs dinlag-can out
of Portland. T. K. STATELER, general •xeat,
638 Market street Han Francisco.' ■ :
a "Sirs. "WlnsloW* Soothing Syrap"
Has been used over 50 years by mtlllois of mothers
for their children while Teething wits perfect suc
cess. It soothe* the child, softens th» gums, allays
Pain, cures Wind Colic, regulates the Bowels and
Is the best remedy for Diarrhoeas, whether arising
from teething or other causes, For tale by Drug
gists in every part of the world. Be sure and a*<
for Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Cokojtado.— Atmosphere la perieetly dry, soft .
•nd mild, and is entirely free front the mists con*
mon further north. Round-trip tickets, by steam
■hip, including fifteen days' board as the Hotel i»l
Coronado, $60; longer stay $2 60 per day. Apply
4 2>ew iioiugomcry 8 t., ban .Frauiisca. "F&ISA.T ............................ .KAY 1, MM
Mr?. -.-.Booth- Tucker's health Is Baid ; . to be on
the mead. '■'_' ::-. ; ..•."■■
;;The Olympic boxing carnival •will- be /held.
this evening. ■.■.■."•■■■■■•.■■■•.■- . ■•. . ~.^r. ■-.',..-■',
■••■' < : Hpv. M. Berliaut will officiate at the Congre
gation > e vah Zedeck Saturday, next.
yv : The Rev. ; lir. Brown and . his friends express
glad hopes for the ex-pastor's future. .-.-.■.; . :•-:
■' The weather forecast for to-day is "probably
cloudy with brisk westerly winds."' '-Ir
The Ormonde Yacht Club will open the
;:BfeaS'.qa.bp;: : M.fty-.lO in the yacht Volunteer. i':'%£
: ■■-Achir.e Riv.arde 1 .- concert last night at, .-the.-
Columbia Theater was a b.riliien.t success.
An enthusiastic Salvation Army ; meeting^'
t.e.ok. place last night at the Metropolitan
Temple. - , : ' ■'■' -. : ..' ■•-.-/',■'. ■:'.'■.'• -::::;' :/r^.-' :' ; -i.:
■■ The ii^n^rRl Conference of the .; Methodist
Epiiciii'H'. Church . will open to-day in Cleve
;:lanl, oh'.o.
v ;>t? win hold their Mayday parade;
a'His ::.h>s- meeting in Mt troppH^b; Temple :
th^i evening.
i ( 'offey has defined a few of the powers ;
of a trustee in the settlement of accounts Kin"
ttie\Vi!coxc-u;e. ■ : ■-. ■ ■■■.■•;■■ ■■■:;■; . . - -
:>;''Jrhie^estateof ; ;;.r>r.;Ge: oVee : Gerlach, who coin
'■inrtteii:>iiicicie"lait;: : • : mber, has : been : ap
praised at >1_. :;."'<>. \ ':■- ■ ' . _. '
■■ ':■ or'ce VV. Elder \va>: appointed inspector of'
■yi-iii t-w a i k s'-ti y : h v .ft'reVt Co ui in i .1 tee of the Board
of -<Lip<.:\ -01- yesterday ' ;.' ' . ■ ■■'-.
Judge Hunt will preside at the -next en tor
>rXih.tnie:i." given ' y •'..•• ■.-. Pre^Glub:. atwitl: be.
, given on the evening of June. 0, ; . ■-.■: ■■■ .•■■ •;•:■•
Rates and regulations governing the.ship
viiipntssp:' deciduous : green fruits fur the com- '
mir .- '..-on have been announced.. ..
The bod} o: an unknown man was found in
llie :'4!) : in:u:ng cami. 'a t: '■> o'clock lasvnight by
.a .k.linspn of the Bay District Track. ■■.;:.•.••■.■ y
'- : .' : o re than ' 5»K) children have been ■ Actively;
; : .jyr<' ; ;iann^" their ■ roles.. during .■ th>- pa<t few
weeks for theMay festival at .Siurn'-s baths.; "V;.;' ;
TJie rose show opened .yesterday in the
ftiK pie and.mBtbie rooms of "the : I!alaee-:',H.ptel,'.:-;
antlasadispjay it rivals any forrner Exhibit. "
Theold Ho.var 1 Presbyterian Church^ that •
la- been a landmark: on; Arission 'v. street for
t b i .-Ly-oue years; nas been sold for a warehOiise. .
5 f U.'riitedSis -~ district Attorney Foote cbri-; : .
'•'•:•!• 'i.h is arg-ument in the •"rpvernmerit ihtcr
■ >•:. t;.;:i sui: in JuJge McKenna'sciiurt yester^
day.
■■ ; . American Society of; Civil Engineers has
■ il K'i'de 1 id hold its twenty-eighth ■" annual-coii-
Vtfttlpri^iri < this ; City .'.pit.- ' or about the 30 th : of :
June. ' ■• ; : ■ •. ; . "■ ■■■.;.. . ; '■■■ : '. : '-' -' ■'■.■' ' .* "
:. Ed ward H. PMley committed suicide at 703
:■:.••.•• .".:.■■'. i,. II. MontijoTnery: a: li;;l
■X'liiffPrnja street some time AVednesd^ night.
. Bo;th',turr.ed on thegts. ■-".:. ■■■•■■• -v ■■■.■•:■.■•..■•;■■ ■■•.■ '..
ThomasCnrley, an ex-co.nyicf,. was charged
•• Bt"-'th'e;:City . ; Prison yesterday with
•i.nto;nh.e;H.ariiiitPn"\Gram : mar:Sch^ and-ran-.
--• .viau' the t--.&c.h,-r^ dr.- .-.
Judce saT»iler>bn made an order; yesterday
;. <1 i fee tine ': the • Receiving,- . HospitaJ authorities"
• "admit an; insane man whom ■■ .they had
"/viouily refused to care lor. ■•:';.. ;■ \.V . •' • ■';
liisoside track^jreppehed.. yesterday with a :
?;'large attendance. The ; winning horses were:
•irnation, : Encino, Fortuna., George Palmer,
■Montalvo.and Summertime.. . .-.::,■ ■•. ■ :■■■■■
:..j;:L. East on delivered a social' and economic ■
".»-. :;:re, entitled "Loose Screws," to prove that
: ttie'pcM)x:oppr*:s> t heiri selve>| at Plymouth Con
• c". national Church, last night;-." ;; ■••. :■-.-, -.■-.■■:■:
;V'A cannon in Union square in this City,
• '■'■ t p i-.clied off .; by. wire 'from New York, will : : aii
'/ hduiice.'t6'''Sa'n^Franci5cd;.'-;in'ipy?i'pe'ii.ing'':.of : the
Electrical Exposition in New York. •<■•:.;:.:. .
;'■' The estate 'of Eugene Tainere has been ap
.:praised at $60,000. ..Taiiiere . ; was the man ;
: -was Skilled, by being thrown from a bicycle.
: against a bituminous-rock reducer.
Kruma Smith, 623 Bush street, : swore out a
.v.arrant in Judge Joachimsen 1 ? court yester
day for the arrest of J. Campbell, a medical
nan. on the charge of grand larceny. .
;■'■•■ Mi-s Lillian- Ashley : of Pasadena, who is :
v«uing f-'Lucky", Baldwin- for. $75,000 damages
: lor seduction, arrived here : yesterday to attend
trie trial before Judge Slack next Monday. ;.- ■■:.■■
Mrs. Geary/ 208 Jones street, had her purse
-.> t i»:en :: irom v her pocket on Ellis.- and. Market
streets last ni^ht,: and Jacob Ganib, . a black
; smith, was arrested on a charge of stealing it. "
■V".;.; A beautiful: new. gateway of elaborate sand
s' • ■:>•■ - : , pillars : surmounted ' by ■ two -bronze
.; Ft.nynxe; 1 is being built at 'the entrance to the
. .St ii :d University campus; as a.synibol of vic
• "■>"• v -." , :
;- ; A man who gave his' name as Jo'.in Lewis was
•Errested.whnk'- trying to strangle- a woman on
, : Merchant street last night.: It thought he is
cesponsible for spine of .the. recent strangling :
basis. -. . ' " : .;. " : .: ; ; ■;; •: : : : ' v' ; ;. ■ \ .:. :
•'-'■•■ The pastor and congregation of v Trinity
Methodise Episcopal Church are considerably
f-xercised over the mysterious disappearance
pi Thomas Barnes, a prominent young mem
ber of the church.
; : ■< The establishment of ■■ a new Postoffice at the
ferries will disr-ense with the working force at
r-th'$Vupt<j.wnx>ffic'e;- : as according to the new ar
.rftiieerrifnt;: nil ty mail will be received 1 and :
: .ti eiivertd at the water-front. ;->i- : ■;."■ • ■•' • . : .:■'.-.■■
v Hra. Goldlng, one of • the sure ties for Frank
Stocking, alias Williams, charged with pet--'
; ry. induced: him. to accompany her to ': Judge V
tow's court yesterday, and, t<"> his surprise,.'
surrendered him into custody. -.:.:-......
: N. -.Piers', a saloon-keeper at Fifth and Folsom
:fireets,:. complained to the ; : police .yesterday 1
That he had been robbed by a woman* in Carr's
Ealppn'at McAllister ;itnd'. . : Jjarkin streets of. his
'■;: old- '^Vtiich' and ; chain, diamond piu; money ■
and hat. " ■ .. ;:";: : ' ' ■ ; ■■ '.;'.■ '.'.. ' ' '■■ .': .,:■ -.
Svlvain Wt'ill, who resigned lSjst Wednesday.'
:night;as : president br.thf>;Sopiete'Franc'aise:<i<?/
--Jileiif aisahce Mutuelle. ■■■.'hns refused .'; to recall - 1
resignation. Tiiree out of tenT-difectPrs
• who resigned when Mr. -Vi'eill .• did, will reebn- •
slder their decision. . . ' : ' ;- . ■ ■ •.
'■(■ Jules Mersfelder, tne young artist, painted :
pictures landscapes rtseinbling Keith's and
re leaving here sold ..them to an art dealer.
v b pat them '.beside;' Keith's -: masterpieces.
Tins caused no end ; of trouble, at which the :
erti,sts were greatly amused. .-.'.. -.■.■■ ,. : .: ,. V .
on February 29, 139f>; George R.Morgan,
Mrs. .Morgan and Miss Clara Paul, while riding ■
on ; Fifth avenue, were struck by a ateamcar:
and were thrown in all ? directions. Now
Morgan and his wife are stung for $7500 dam
ages and Miss Paul is suiug-.for;^o0o. : 5." : :: r :. .(,yk
Th»: Minion Improvement Club, through its '.
executive committee, held a consultation with
Mefisrs. Brown ana Anspacher, the presidents
of the former cemeteries in -the Mission, with
a view to arriving at a fair selling price incase
the .Supervisors should 1 decide: to purchase the
land. ' ■ ' ' ■;' ; .- - : : . , ■ . ;'
<va!es are being put on the trains of the At
inri^ic,' division . of the Southern Pacific Com
p.i'y on a large scale as an experiment, with
good " prospects ;:of: the innovation being ax-
to the Pacific system and the conse
quent deprivation of free rides on the Alameda .
lo a: trains. . :-. : ■.-. . :
. Schilling will this ; morning move that
tin- piinrdianship matter oi Peter Owen Met
tliews.be : akon from Judtre Coffcy's jurisdic- :
ti-.n. because the Judge is prejudiced. The
.;i -in will made before Judge Slack.
Schilling: ;'-is Matthews' guardian and he and
Judge Cofley ...do- not agree. ■.■y. '■•■? :■■ j-._--.y_ :•■•■:.- ' :• ..-■..'. •
• - ••.•- .;; .- ..-•• ••..-.■-•.•,...••• • ••.- • •- •--■:•
Another Big Coal Ship From
Australia Now Long
Overdue.
LARGE; RE INSURANCE PAID.
Sailing of the Mariposa for Australasia.
.^~:V-; ; Drew a Big = Crowd to the - •:•; :■. ■.[■
.. . : > Oceanic Dock.
the Oceanic Steamship Companv'sMari
posa sailed for Sydney, N./S. W., via Hon
olulu,Apia and Auckland, yesterday. : She
h ad a very . h eay y cargo j; among,* h ich were •'
400 tons of flour, 300. tops of. wheat and 100
tons of liops. The cabin passengers were :
■'• For Honpluiu-'M. S. (JrinT.auin fcnd wife, W.
L. Hinehnian, Mrs, '.Heir £•' Holmes, Miss;' M. : .
MacuirerH. Hvman,;Mr=. J.. •.:\Vv.: Podmoreaad
two children. F. I.. Miss Stoat. : : :i ;' : '-'; V."' .-.
For Apia— . I. .AVK'htxnfur.J.r; ' •;■•■■ ;.- ;.v ■■'-:■ ■■; ':'■■.■::';.
■ For ■A.ucklRnd r ->IisKBbyd > Miss L. ' Boj-'d , J. .
■. : A.: Wauc.hope and '.vile. ■ ■■;>-■ : ; . "■'"■■ : i. •;•.■■:•-. : ■.■•.•:'•":
ForSydJif y— J. S. JSa.lcer. C. C. Brown-Doug-;
las and' wife, L. j;;i>Hyi!esVHent : > tssip, George:.
: Horse; I)avid Huiiut and :wire-3V.MUam-..Peter-'
: arid wife, A. E. I'ost. :O. Post, R: : -.Kisi-nK. K. 1'.
.t-w:inefof>1, Mr*. A. H. Vail and. two children,
George E.Woodhea'l^ , v-, ; " .^!.';:';-v t : ■.■...;-;•■.;■;
Join at ; Honolulu— r. P. Allen, Miss Belle G.
Black; G. K. Sauuders akd wife, Mrs. 51. H. S.
Jackson. . -V". '■- . : . '"'.•'■■":■. '-■ / . : :: '■':' ■} : ' ; .: ; '■.> - •'.. ■;■
j. A Wauchope is a mining man from
Wellington, New Zealand. He has been to
London in the '. interest 7 of the . capitalists
and has succeeded in raising a large loan*
.}■■.■ At : Honolulu Mrs. Kobert Louis Steven
:son and her son, Lloyd Osborne, will join
the steamer. Mr. Oshorne will be accom
panied by. his bride, and all three will slop
at Apia, Samoa, Mrs. : Isabel Strong
will also be a : passenger from Honolulu,
but -she will go to New Zealand to arrange
'for X h c ' puhiiration in ; the ■ colonies of •■ the
Stevenson Table-talk. ':-:s^l-^ : K^^\^i -VSr
Si < .'. Post, who has been a letter-carrier
in San Francisco for. twenty years, has
been -granted /-al; long leave •, of absence.
Should he make ■'■iiVv'.'ten-s. trine 1 '.;'; at Cool
ganiie he will remain : at the mines, but
should things not turn out as well as he
expects he will return to California and go
back to delivering mail matter. •■■--•.. ■. :. •
The Harbor Comini«Moners held a short
•esfsion yesterday. The Western ; Union
Telegraph Company . • has,': bee occupy inc .
space on Second-street wharf and paying
no rent for it. On motion s of €bm!mis
sioner Cole it was decided to make 7 the ;
rent $10 a month.
J. W.H. Campbell has been blocking
' foot, of Stockton : street for ' years, pre
veriting.free ingress to the water ■: front. ;
; ' He has a grain elevator on the ";st fee t ; and
; : has hot paid rent eitlrer to the State or
City since the seawall ; ;:\\-a^::;b^ . The
matter was ; referred to the Chief Engineer
with instructions to see that the obstruc
tion: was removed arid the street opened.
.Gould & Co. have an bflice in section 2 ;
of: the seawall. /,: Their rent ; if in creased.'
| ;frp'rn;$^^tp^^a;:m^hthv;:^V:>;'i';;^v ;^^
; ; O. D. Baldwin a d • a d el tibn : from the
Islais Creek Improyement Club appearea
before the board and asked that a thou
sana-foot wharf be built. It was explained ;
;that;Arniy. .street from Sa:; Bruno road to
Kentucky street was now graded and in ■
good order. If a wharf v.-as built, accord
ing to Mr. Baldwin, then all the trade pf.-.
the Mission : and. • Butcliertown - . wouid ' go,
there. The : matter was referred .to ' Chief
Knciheer Holmes; and he, President Col-;
noh and Commissioner Cole will go but
-;th«re to-morrow to examine into the . feas- .
ibility of building the wharf. .:.
."■'. There is another rate war on the front..
"Sam" Wells and ; L. Ji. -"Lucas have been r
for years two of the: b»;>t known and 1 most!
successful : runners for ■'■^ the; transfer com
■pa'ri'ie.s,'on the water front, tatteriy .they
went into business on theirown account
and starteil a transfer company for them.-,
selves. Yesterday the State California
was oi> her way in from Fortland and tiam
caucht her off "Fort Point. He got bis cir
■ culars aboard '.anil when the vessel reached '
the dock he secured nearly all the baggage:' ; :
A few hours after the State got in the
City of Puebla from "Puget Sound came in
and Lucas caught her off Fort Point. He
was not to be outdone by his partner, and
he also got his cut-rate circulars aboard.
Theconseqnence was that Wells and Lucas
got nearly all the business on both steam
ers, and the old-time companies at once :
I declared a v rate war. Lively times are ex
pected and there will be lots of fun at the
Oregon dock : when the next eteamer gels 1
in. - ; --v .'..•' .."': ;; v . - " ■"'■■ '.' ■ L ■
Anxiety is felt for another of the New- :
castle (N. S. W.) coal fleet. This time it is ;
the Craigmore, sist*r ship to the unfortu
nate Blairnjore now at the bottom of Mis
sion Bay. She is out : 88 days, and 40 per
cent reinsurance has f : been paid on her.
Coal men have faith that she will turn up,
however, a? ; her cargo is from the Greta
mine, and that is a coal ; that. ;^so; far. has
never caueht fire. When 40 per cent re
insurance is paid, however, it shows : that
the underwriters have become frightened
over the losses on the Alexandra;
and Republic.
The schooner Neptune, Captain Estwold,
arrived last night, eight days from Kla
vraolc, with merchandise lor the North
Pacific Trading Company, consisting of
li'vJ cases palmon, 47 barrels salmon
bellies, 14 bales of hair sealskins, 39
bundles deerskins and two boxes of fur«.
Clever Ruse of Mrs. Golding,
Who Was One of His
Sureties.
She Got Him to Accompany Her to
Judge Low's Court and Sur
rendered Him.
A lady and two men entered Judge Low's
courtroom yesterday afternoon while a
case vasjin jprogress and created a mild
sensation by .interrupting the proceedings.
V'T want to surrender this man." said
the lady; excitedly, as she jabbed her fore
finger several times on the shoulder of one
of the men. "This is Frank Stocking and
Lam on his bond."
"Come here, Stocking," said the Judge
{ from the bench, and Stocking, who seemed
struck dumb with surprise, walked me
chanically forward, followed by the lady,
who was Mrs. Golding.
There was a brief conversation and the
Judge ordered the bailiff to take Stocking
to the City Prison.
Stocking, alias Williams, was arrested
some weeks ago on the charge of perjury.
He went on a bond accepted by Judge
Conlan in which he declared he was the
owner of property on Octavia street. An
investigation by Judge Conlan revealed
the fact that Stocking did not own the
property, hence his arrest.
The case is on Judge Low's calendar for
to-day. His sureties, Mrs. Golding and
George Duffield, became alarmed that he
might not face his trial, and yesterday
tney went to him and prevailed upon him
to accompany them to court, telling him
the case was to be heard yesterday instead
of to-day. Then Mrs. Golding sprang her
surprise upon him.
On the evening of May ti the old Pan Fran
cisco Fu«ileers will hold their annual meeting
at the armory on : the corner of Pace and
GouRh streets. At one time this body was one
of the elrongest independent ajUitary orgau-
izations here, and from all appearanceslit is
evident that it will soon regain some of its old
spirit. In tne circular to iho members the
committee says: "As we very seldom come to
gether, and some members no; having at
tended meeting for years, we hope you will
come this time." After the meeting luncheon
will be served and a good time is assured to
all. The committee consists of Herman Huber,
John Kingen and Otto Lemcke.
Thomas Curley, an Ex-Convict, Ar
rested for Ransacking Teach-
erg- i>< ,k-.
Thomas Curley, alias "Tom Fort," an
ex-convict, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detective Harry Reynolds
on the charge of burglary.
At noon time Wednesday while the
teachers of the Hamilton Grammar
School, Geary and Scott streets, were eat
ing their lunch in the basement, some
one forced open the cloor of the schbpl
room with a poker and broke open the
teachers' desKs, evidently looking for
money. TUe teachers fortunately had
their purses with theih;
Curley was at orte time a pupil in the
school, and from the description of a
young man seen to leave the building by
the monitor and three scholars, Reynolds
arrested Curley a few liours later. A long,
crooked poker was found upon him when
searched. Yesterday the four scholars
-Men titied him in the City Prison.
Curley has served rive years vin San
Quentin for burglary and- a term in the
llou-e of Correct ion for petty larceny.
A b< i u t four y eur.-< ago he vy as arrested for
U-iliing a Chinese on Franklin street,
but was acquitted as there was hot suffi
cient evidence to couvict.
The Ormonde Y»cht Clnb'- -tVlll Cruise
in the Volunteer.
On May 10 the Ormonde Club -will open
their yatching season with a cruise aDout
the bay on the yacht Volunteer. Yacht- i
I ing parties have become a fixture in the
organization and are looked forward to
with pleasant anticipation b^ members
and friends alike.
Th ree silver medals are offered as prizes
for as many swimming contests at 100
yards. 240 yards and one-half mile. Many
very good swimmers are enrolled in the
club and good sport is expected. Aquatic
sports, however, will not alone be indulged
I in, as foot, hurdle and jumping matches
j are also on the programme.
The athletes of the club are training
faithfully for these events and they will be
not the least in interest. The outing com
mittee are: A. Goldstone, J. Gosliner and
K. ■Earha.rdt, under whose direction it is
safe to predict a successful season.
Much music, mirth and laughter will
.filLanook in the programme ot the day's
I festivities, and a welirproportioned larder
| will make tne hearts o f all on board glad.
The officers for the day are: Commo
dore, Lee Barnert ; Sailing-master, Daniel
Doody; spiritual consoler, Anthony Dud
dy; ctief de cuisine, Herruann Kadloff;
assistant chef, John Driscoll; ejector,
James Burson; gunner, <Jus Betilow.
Those of the crew are: William Robert
sen, ■■■ X. Duffy, H. Gardiner, A. Goldstone,
J: : (Joiliner. Daniel Gavigaii, Philip Gold
stone, F. S preen, Joseph Weber, J. Ma
lone, H. Vedenieyer, Phil Bread, T. Lan
non, V. Cogarna, H. Cullen and James
Milligan. '■■-'■■ , . .:■■--,■• -.;-;. ;■
Proceedings Looking to the Pur
chase of a Mission Pleasure
Ground.
Improvement Clubs to Receive Ass'st
ance From the Old Jewish
Cemeteries.
The Mission Improvement Club is deter
mined to leave no stone unturned in se
curing for the residents of Sunshine Val
ley a park out of the next appropriation
levied by the Supervisors.
To accomplish this end the improve
ment club, through its executive commit
tee, sent a written communication to L.
Brown, president of the Jliils of Eternity,
and Abraham Anspacher, president of the
Home of Peace, the two cemeteries which
the improvement club are anxious to se
cure for park purposes. The letters con
tained a request for a friendly exchange
of ideas as to the price for which the ceme
teries association would be wiJling to sell
the property.
in response to this invitation the presi
dents met Messrs. Mag-uire, Center and
■\Valker of the improvement club and ex
pressed their willingness not only to sell
the property for the purpose^itended, but
promised to make the price as low as possi
ble. They could not state at what price
the property could be offered until the
1 subject should b« brought before the ceme
j :eries association, which they promised to
I do at an early date.
Both Messrs. Brown and Anspacher
j have issued a call for a meeting of the
i board of directors of their respective asso
: ciations for the early part of next wet k, at
which definite conclusions will be arrived
i nt and a price fixed at which the propertv
will be offered to the City.
When this is clone the Mission Club
will present the facts to the Supervisors
and ask that the amount be included in
next year's tax levy. ;
The views of botti the presidents of the
cemeteries were expressed yesterday.
Mr. Brown said; "Speaking for the Hills
of Eternity association, I am in favor of
selling the property to the City 'or park
purposes cheaper ttian I would to private
individuals. On no account will I be a
party to placing a fancy price upon the
ground simply because it is sought for by
the people. We are willing to bear our
pro rata of taxes for public improvements
— and I must say that this is one of tnat
class which meets my most hearty in
dorsement.
"The Mission people are entitled to a
public park, to a high school and to many
other things asked for by this improve
ment club. I will bring this matter be
fore tne directors at the next meeting, and
a selling price will be fixed at which the
property will be offered. "'
The same sentiments were expressed by
Mr. Anspachcr, when spoken to, and he
also promised to bring the quesa'on before
tte directors of his association at a meet
ing called lor next week-
Judge Van Reynegum is of the opinion
that the property can be purchased at a
less figure by the City than if offered at
public auction.
Constructor Lynch of the Market-street
Railroad has set his gang to work on Fol
som street, and as a result the street from
Nineteenth to Seventeenth is torn up and
will be ready for track laying by Monday.
As soon as the Ingleside extension is
finished, which will be by Saturday night,
ihe men now there will be put on to the
Folsom-street work, which will be rushed
to a iinish.
Mr. McDonald will foilow immediately
with bis army of concrete workers and
before many months Folsom street will
be transformed from a dirty, ill-paved
street to a boulevard.
',' 'Judge Cofley ' has ; sold.: some Montgomery
street belonging to the estate of C. II.
Strybing for $33,600. The property ' is on the
west line of Montgomery street, between Sut
ler and Post, and has a irontoge of 34 feet 4V
inches and a depth of 60 feet. A bi'l of $70 '-
000 was offered some timu ago, but Judge Cof
fey held on to the property, as. he" was sure he
could get more. :.;••; ■.; .-. '.■'■■'. ■.■'■. ■'- ::". ".-.
Something Gkand— Flower show— 427 and
429 Sarisome "street.- Sunset Seed and. Plant
. Company. . _ ••;. ; : , .... .. * ■
Out at the Cliff the Children
Will Be Given Full
Sway.
ARE ELABORATELY PREPARED.
They Will Crown Their Queen in a
Fiower • Garden Suspended
Above the Waters.
Oat at the Cliff House, under the glass
roof of the baths, preparations are being
made for the children's Mayday. Under
the direction of Colonel Rol>insoa, the big
interior is being arranged to receive the
large number of children who are expected
to gather there to-day. The platform over
the tanks has been enlarged and in the
center a throne has been built for the M ay
queen. The platform will hold 400 chil
dren. This will be literally covered with
flowers* taken from Mayor Sutro's grounds.
Two Maypoles will be placed at the cor
ners of the platform, and the seats for the
children, who will all be dressed in white,
will be arranged in a semicircle, rising to
the throne like an amphitheater.
While Colonel Robinson has oeen occu
pied at the cliff, more than .JOO children
have been just as assiduously preparing
the parts they will take in the entertain
ment.
Under the direction of Professor O'Brien,
the little ones have practiced their roles
for the past four weeks. ;'..r
The Queen of the May is little Pearl
Landers, who has already distinguished
herself in the public eye by her pretty
singing and dancing, at the Tivoli Opera
house, where, during the long run of
"Ixion," she danced with Gertie Carl vie,
and in "Rip Van Winkle" took the part of
Meenie.
Her crown-bearer is Ethel Swaner; her
maids of honor, Mabel Rogers and Veva
Anderson; pages, Roswell Wilder and
Bob McCartv.
The programme for the day will begin
with swimming racos for boys, 50 yards;
for youths, 100 yard?. MayorSatro will
give to the first and second winners in
each of these race? a gold and silver
medal. The California Swimming Club
will do fancy swimming and hieb and
fancy divint:, and there wil! be a ticht-rope
performance and clown act by Major Rob
inson, the dwarf. The Japanese troupe
will also perform. This will begin at 10
o'clock in the morning ana continue until
12:30 o'clock. The music will be fur
nished during the day by tne First Regi
ment band.
in the afternoon the real fun will begin.
Aftor the hour's intermission at noon the
procession will be formed, "of every child
that wants to take part," said Colonel
Robinson, "even if the number be 10,000,
provided they dress in white." The pro
cession will move along the lower prome
nades and finally terminate on the throne
platform. The queen will then be crowned
with all due songs and ceremonies, after
which the following programme will be
rendered by the children:
Pranlsh Castanet danre, Mabel Forbes; High
land fling, Bessie Harris ; tambourine, Lela
Coggins. Dance around the two May;>.il.e% tirst
se I— Mabel Forbes, Lola O'Brien. Lerline Lyons,
Nellie Winchel, Rubie Loveland, Ethel Clark,
May McCartv, Jessie Armerger, Rosie Quimbly,
Jessie Wlaaeu, Katie Glass and Minnie Lyn
strom; second set — Pauline Phillips, Isabel
Davis, Minnie Lyiistrom, Jennie Quat, Ethel
Taylor. Bessif* Harris, Nora CahfU, Pearl Fenton,
Vesta Atkinson, Edna McClureaud Edith Earl.
"I/overs' Quarrel." Ethel Swaner and Lela Cog
pins; Roman scarf, Veya Anderson; tarati
teile, Pearl *enton; milors' hornpipe, Lola
O'Brien, Theo and Milton Wilder and Ethel
Clarke; Hnnparian. Ruby Lovelaad; fan
dance, Miss Lilian Greent; Gitano, Pearl Lan
deres and Mainie McCartv; caprice, Ethel
Swaner; mayflower, sixteen dancers; High
land fling, Theo Wilder; Irish washwoman.
May McCarty; reel and breakdown, Veva An
derson aud Ethel Clarke; Persian dance, May
BfcCattr; Polish dance, Lolo O'P.rien; flai?
dnnce, Ethel Swaner; Irish jip, Ethel Clarke;
Minuet de la Cour, eight little tots.
The festival will continue until 10 o'clock
in the evening.
Judge Coffey Clearly Defines
the Powers of a
Trustee.
Heirs Need Not Abide by Improper
Investments Made With Their
Funds.
Trustees under wills probated in Judge
Coffey's court havejhad a few pointers Riven
to them from the bench, in a decision
rendered yesterday in the adjusting of the
accounts of John Berminghani and 8. T.
Spence, who were trustees under the will
of A. H. 'Wilcox. The estate amounted to
over $600,000.
Spence died some years ago, and Berm
ingham continued to serve aJone. When
the heir came of age and the accounts of
the estate were investigated it was found
that $10,0S5 had been invested in San Luis
Obispo Bituminous Rock Company's
bonds. These bonds the heir refused to
accept, and it was might to make Berm
ingham liable for the amount. Berming
ham maintained that the court had no
right to review the acts of a trustee under
a will, and besides that, he said the bonds
had been purchased by Spence without his
knowledge, as they ha'd agreed to manage
separate parts of the estate.
Judge Coffey said the trustees should
have acted tosether, and he held Berming
ham liable for the money. In doing so he
said :
The theory of counsel is that trustees can
do what they please with trust property— give
the children what they like, and it concerns
nobody. It istdangerous doctrine, surely, but
it is not true doctrine in equity or law. There
is nothing in the will that absolves the trus
tees from liability from loss through improper
investments or relieves them from using good
judgment nnd sound discretion tn the per
formance of their trust. In making invest
ments they are required to obey the law, and
they will not be permitted to say they are
above the law. The court would be derelict in
its duty if It undertook *.o force him to accept
the reminiscence of an era of inflation and
speculation for the substantial coin his father
left him. ■ •>"."'
1 ' '■ — : • — ♦ — »-^— ■ ■
The Favorite Resort Will Be Open on
the 3d last.
El Carhpb will have another boom next
Sunday. The grounds have dried out,
and should the ■weather prophet in the
Mills building have any honor, in his own
country the chances are that it will be a
perfect day for outing. . . ...
Given tine weather there is no place in
California where ; an enjoyable day can be
spent at less expense tliari El Carnpo. It
is a sylvan retreat, and as steamers run at
all hours, the excursionists can go and
come at their pleasure. All kinds-", of
amusements cin be found on the grounds
and for a row on the quiet waters of
the bay are always obtainable. . ; ;
Rev. Dr. Birch, the Noted Eng
lish Divine, Coming
Here.
For Fifteen Years His Pulpit Oratory
Drew Audiences of 5,000 in
Manchester. : ; .
Calvary Presbyterian Church is to have
a new pastor for a month; beginning prob
ably with the second Sunday in May.
The Rev. Dr. John Hemphill is goine
away for a vacation and the great English
divine, the Rey. Dr. Willis in Lincoln
Birch, has offered to fill the pulpit in his
absence.
Dr. Birch only recently arrived in this
State. He came here from New Zealand
primarily in search of a climate tr>at
j might benerit his wife's delicate health.
I 'r. Hemphill says that his temporary
successor comes more highly recom
mended than any other man he knows of.
That great English clergyman, the late
Charles H. Spurgeon, wrote of him: "He
[Birch] has done as mnch In the ministry
and in orphanage work as the foremost
man in England, and all upon the most
self-denying terms." And John D. Con
nolly, United States Consul in New Zea-
I land, also wrote: "No man has more gen
erally extended the right had of fellowship
to the poor and lowly than Pastor Birch
durine his ministry in New Zealand."
For lifteen years he preached in the his
toric Manchester Free-trade Hall, where
he had a constant congregation of 5000 per
sona, attracted by his remarkable powers
as a pulpit orator. Later be went to New
I Zealand as the successor of the Rev.
Thomas Spurgeon, at Auckland.
At present the Rev. Dr. Birch is in Los
Angeles, where he is studying the fruit in
dustry with the intention of working up a
. fruit trade with the Australian colonies.
j His idea is to have dried and canned fruits
j shipped directly from California instead of
; from England."
He is also working on an all around the
! world ABC guidebook, which he pur
poses soon to publish.
Flayer* and Flay-Writers From Cali
fornia IV ho Are Making Headway
in the Kant.
Hugo Toland arrived in town from New
York night before last, and will remain on
this coast until next September, when he
will begin an engagement with the Froh
man Company in the East.
Speaking of ihe success of Californians '
in New York, he said that Mr. and Mrs.
Grisrcer were doing well at the Academy
of Music. They expect to come to San
Francisco within the next few weeks and
pass the summer here.
Clay M. Greene if said to be doing a
profitable business with the various plays
and sta.se productions in which he holds
fui i::tvrest. He has a beautiful summer
place rear New York, where he entertains
his friends most agreeably.
Ed Townsend's "Chimmie Fadden" has
proved j>. *;reat success on the statre, and
the author is encouraged to dramatize the
"Daughter of the Tenements."
The American Society.: Has Decided to
• . -,.. •";■•/ Meet in This City. v:\-;.. ,'^%?i
"According to a communication received
by W. G. Curtis, Superintendent of main
tenance of way of the Southern Pacific
Company, the American Society of Civil
Engineers has decided : to hold its : twenty
eighth' annual convention "in" this City on
or about June 30. :■;■;•.:::■ " v ..V^iV -'v •■;• ••■.;.: : . :^.
(3 The : organization is second in prom
inence of its", kind in . the . world, being
ranked only by the Institution of Civil
Engineers of England. •■ . : -;.".- : ; . :- ; . ; . .yi ..'
; Its membership is between 1800 and 1900,
and about 200 • are expected to attend the
session in;. this City. As projected, the
plan is to come West on one of the United
States . transcontinental : routes, and to
return via Portland, Vancouver and the
Canadian . Jf acific Kailroad. -. .- '--.' ■,-,■.
Appointed Inspector of Sidewalks
by the Board of Super
visors.
ORDINANCE TO BE ENFORCED.
Contracts for Street Work Recom
mended by the Committee
Yesterday.
The necessity of a more complete in
spection of sidewalks in this City, and the
more rigid enforcement of the laws relat
ing to them has led the Street Committee
of the Board of Supervisors to waste no
time in appointing a successor to John W.
Reid, the inspector who oied recently, and
at yesterday's meeting of the committee
George W. Elder was named for the place,
subject to the approTal of the board at its
meeting on Monday next; . . .
■ Numerous complaints have been made
of late regarding violations of the sidewalk
ordinance. Citizens and taxpayers have
objected to the manner in which the side
walks have been fenced in where new
buiidings were being constructed, and to
the numerous obstructions in the way of
merchandise and empty packing-case*
that have been allowed to block up the
sidewalks in the business portion of the
City. ■■;■■■-'■ .■;':■ >;■:■:,/■■■;■; ■ £.;-C.; > '■:■ :' . ' :■
Mr. Elder has for sonie time been the
pavement expert of the Street Committee,
paid by Chairman Spreckels out of his own
pocket, and will probably fill both posi
tions in the future. . .
Some conflict with Superintendent of
Streets Ashworth regarding the payment
of the salary of $100 a month. Hied by the
committee, is expected, as the Superin
tendent and the new appointee are not on
the best of termn, and the former has al
ways contended that the Supervisors have
no right to make such an appointment,
because the salary com»s out of the Street
Department funds, and no special provi
sion has been made for it. Should the
Superintendent refuse to sign Elder's sal
ary* demands the next tax levy will prob
ably contain a provision for the office.
The committee deci<ied to recommend
the awarding of street work as follows:
Sewer in Bryant, from Twentieth to
Twenty-first, Daniel Kelleher, for $500;
grading ot M street 9611m from Twelfth to
■ Thirteenth, to M. C. Hogan, $2500; paving
with bitumen of Cherry, from Hacramento
to Clay. Robinson Nugent, $2500; also
Laurel, from Sacramento to California,
Pacific Pavine Co.npany, $2500; also Wal
nut, from Sacramento to Clay, Robinson
Nugent, $2500; also Willow avenue, from
Gough to Octayia, Robinson Nugent, $2500.
Contracts for the Construction of storm
*rater inlets on Market, at the crossings
i and intersections between Valencia and
Castro, were awarded to Warren & Malley,
Garrett, Burke and D. O'Connor. .
There was .a' merry afternoon at the Audito
rium yesterday when nearly 1500 orphans and
homeless Children were regaled with a treat
that they will long remember. It was ajhappy
idea ot Professor Bristol- and' Messrs. Fried
lander, Gottlph <& Co. to invite these waifs to
witness the great horse- show that is now at
tracting thousands to ever* performance, and
to «ay that they enjoyed it ATOuld. indeed be
putting it mildly.. ■■■•■. : .-. .;■'.;. ■■■.■.'..'.;
78
What ; Dr. Brown's Friends
] Say of His Posi- ;.' : ; ■
tion.
NOW HE WANTS PEACE.
The ■ Fas or • and ' His Family
'-•- x Intend Visiting Among -
Friends.
IMPORTANT PAPERS MISSING.
The Church Clerk Is Anxious to Know
What Has B:£cm» of Certain
'■ ■ - - " Documents.
.With an o'.j 1: -vt jammed on his head, a
patriarchal overcoat -.:• enveloping ■•.. his
receding form, ana a -pair, of sorry- gloves
covering his hands, the Rev. Dr. Brown,
■wJsetrseen at nib home -yesterday,: looked
every inch a man: "a-moving." ;".-'.;•
- And moving he as. His month's rent i
•was up, km : friends had invited him and
Ills ; fa miiy, ip spend ■■■ a ■;■: season of sadly
needed, rest am:il peaceful surroundings,:
mid the '. \- --tor of he First Congrega
tional Church hfthimfd a. cheery hymn
tune to nun --elf as he battled amid moun
tains of l>e<i.-teads and. bric-a-brac. ■': •••'
. "Ye?," he sunl, with a bright smile,
hen .;■> a ke das . to ■ his future movements,
'.•.rmgohi;:. to give inyself.aiul. my- family.:
an interval of rest and a- /brief .surcease
from the dreadful worriineni: which has
kept us ail. on the rack for so ionp. For
t!;t: i resent I am making nop!ans,as what
I most n ecu l- peace and quiet. Some
pood and faithful friends have placed
their Louies ..I their hearts.at our dis
po-a.l, and we are going to take advantage
of th?ir great kindness;!'/. ;.f. ; -.,; ; =._• .'■-; Y.
"Where do those friends live r'.'; inquired
axei)c>r:cr. who happened;; to. be present
"Nevermind,'', replied the doctor,. with
■someVspirit:;,- "when 1 /i et ready : I'll send
'roimdvniy cards if 1 take the notion.. .
: ••Iiv '.In- Avay." went on the ex-pastor,
lit luisiaptioaily ■•■;' "did you notice how my :
flock stood by .me ia>t night ? If ever I
f t ■ ': pi>> it whsthen.- .';■'.:'•''' '':*■. - '■■'': '■■'■■■.:;■■■ -. >:■
: 'It seemed to .;rne- that., there was one
it and di^Jiitied course to pursue un
■ circt; : ni>:an"CP;*-: namely, to make a
..'::■. per.j-y-iial sicniice in order to save
in v (if ar church from disruption. Hence
i:: v ri-y lu'iia-titjiii and insistence upon ititil&r
ceptHiice." .;■■ ;;■ - -\ .-■. : : 'V' ":■■:_■ ■';■■■■■:'■"[.' ■':':■'■
The parlors ,- : 6! ; : the : pastoral- resi;lehCe
yl-erefuil of fVjeinl?, had gathered to
pive their fornier ia>.t or an : assurance of
their i-iyr.'ty. : Pot'-.p if them had .come
from a great -. < ; at no small eipense
i!i;orc]e.r.tp; take part in thecuurch meeting
pf; : f!:o preceding evening. "'-- : : ; "; : -.c'\/-.- '■'■ ';:■":
..VDon't. yon know, Dr. Br "n." said one
tall\: gray-haired geni.lejnon mprcEsively,'
";!nt if u vvislsed you < o organize an;
in'depenflo'nt chare .in this .-A . ry City with ;
at least : -O'.'| ■ s' 1 . stain ing ■ . m in rs"- : a rid. an
:a;':;eVii^;fe:\;: Sunday attendance.:' of : 1<X)O or:
: ?"-,-.'. - : - ;
• Please don't -speak of what I might or ;
could do," rejoinLd the doctor; "what I
want to do, is niy duty : as aministar and a
Christian . . I am not looking fora chance
&b.ine iiefore the public. : Indeed, have
hai}.}eiiQugli:'6f."nQtbr.iefy. already, heaven
ki}b:^s;'^.-'VV ; .:^:.:^v : \.-^^ : -^:^V/,\ ; \^^>^ ;^ ''■'-■'-
=',:A.t:- ! his".jahcUire. the postiiiar} ' brought a
chnpleof letters for. the clergyman. Dr.
read one .:v r in thru~t it in'his pocket.
He then tore oren the nther, and. as- he
perused it, a smiie : irradiated -his- counte- •
anxicey ■ -;-v ;•'£$?: ; i'>V/- ■■:■■ '■■:.;. ':':'■: ■' ■' - : -.'- ; : ".:-•
..; ■Look at that," he cried, concealing the
'signature and showing the . letter ; • to ' a
friend ; -who stood: near him. .; "Who : can:
say now. that C.Q. Brown has no friend 2" ;
•■'. The letter, was an autograph invitation
fr.'ia W. K. Goodwin, pastor of the Cali
fornia-street M.E. Church, expressing the.
.hope that tie reverend doctor would oc
capy the sender's pulpit on Sunday after
:nexr. ;.•%-• } : '. [.■■:/:.' : - : ■l'- : '-^'.'"v'..~-';V'.-'.-.' : -;.;;'/ '5
.' "What's the use of speaking about the
fmure?^ ; : a<«ked Mr?. Brown. "I am ''■} so
much afraid that, things may be misrepre
sented." ":'•■. ; ..- v;^v ; v. ;--:■. .•■••.;;>• ;.".;/• : : .'■•■ ■:. . : -: : : .
: "I have nothing to conceal," replied the
dc ctor. "What I say-here at home among
my friends I would, proclaim, ii necessary,
f lionsetops; Hasn't C; O. Brown
as much right as : anybody else to take a
vacation an 1 go or come where he pleases,
if h« does rigiit?" • -..:■■:' : \ •••■ '-■"■■ '■ . ■' ■:, ..-.-' :
■ "Yep," rejoined Mrs. Brown, "but I hate
to have people know that we are moving."
.; •■•'•' We are not committng a crime," was
the clergyman's response. "If we choose
to visit fr'ends I cannot see what shame
there can be in it or- what reason for con
cealing : - it. Further than this I cannot .
Bpeak in relation VtO: my ; future move- •
:rnpnts." •■ -..-.•'. "■••':-■:. YC: : .'~ . ■■■•.• .- ; - ,■••■■■ - ■:";-■' -','{* ■.:■:■'
i/v^VaiJiiemar : F. Christensen; the church
cierk, was jubilant When the matter of his
pastor's attitude-was mentioned.
; y "Dr. Brown," he said, "has v come out
from his pastorate with his head as high
as when he first took charge of the -church. '
.Of course we are sorry to lose him ; but he
preferred that it should be. so and the
members acceded, ■':. though,-, most unwill-
. ingly. y; The opposition, as thev call it
would gladly have refused accept the
resignation in order to be abio to expel
the pastor if it could v but in spite of all its
endeavors the flock obeyed the '■ voice of
:t he shepherd; ; •■ :■:■;: : ' -. ; -V •/':- : '.v'-!- ;r :v .-c ■■-•'■■■-•
"Dr. Brown has no reason to fear for his
• f iiture. During the/past few months ene
mies have sprung up; r in various auarters
but friends, noble; ■ and influential, have
crowded about the accused pastor from far
• and hear. '"• Dr. Brown : has held big own:'-
and held it well, v" :. : :';. :; ■'■;.-- : ' :'■":.':'::' '■
:,:;. "There is another matter about which I
.am'^somewhat:. ■■^o.r-ricd,-'.V- v co n t i n u d M r.
Chrbterisen. "I have been ordered by the
" pastor and.' trustees ' to write: certain let--:
ters, which I cannot write until I have
. so me ents before me. : Th^se ''dbcu-'
' ments on \ the -: night : before : . the ■ meeting
were spirited off to one of the newspaper
: offices; and tnough I have j made the most
strenuous efforts to regain possession pi
j them.'- I have not yet succeeded. I even
werit to the newspaper office on Wednes
day night-:. shortly before midnight, but
• was unable to learn anything as to the fate
of the papers which were, or should have
been v 'entrusted to my official keeping. In
case;! do not get them this eyenine I will
•. have to adopt legal measures for their; re-
covery." •••' .■:■■■;'.'■■:.';■.■ •'.;' i-..^v : •■■'■'■■..'.■:'
v Opponents of Dr. C. O. Brown went up
arid down yesterday in the elevator of the
Columbia building in high glee. . ; '■/; -;,■■
.:,. They were on their way to and from the
office of Dr. Jonathan T. McDonald to
squeeze. his hand and to congratulate him
and one . another on the : : fact that Dr.
•; Brown was no . longer - pastor of > their
church. ;.= : - -".'..••'■.■ '-:.C-;'' : :. "''>->-:
They speculated as to the identity of the
new pastor, but no one was mentioned for
that position, according to Dr. : McDonald's
statement, and nothing had been done or
was on foot looking toward the •• naming of
' a successor to the vacant pastorate.'. • • ; :
: • In fact the doctor, \vho has been at the
bead of the anti-Brown forces for months
past,, did not seem , to know any ' more
about the affairs of the church than the
elevator boy. K ; ' .
iS Deacon Morse denied the report that
there hitd been . a meeting of D:. Brown's
friends yesterday morning. lie said that
Dr. Brown would occupy the pulpit on]
Sund.iv and that the deacons would meet
I sometime next week and talk over the
| matter of a successor to the ex-pastor.
I Tims iar nothing had been done.
The resignation, he added, had come
j upon the membership as a surprise ana
j nothing whatever had been done regard
i ing plans for the future. He had not
heard any person spoken of as a successor
to the doctor.
"Although this whole sad affair has
been the occasion of much talk and scan
j dal," said Mrs. Sarah B. Cooper, "I re
j gard its outcome wit'u satisfaction. The
| First Congregational Church will now
[ have an opportunity to recover the ground
1 it has Io3t iu the past four months. If tne
DuDuque Conference wants Dr. Brown
they are privileged to take him. The con
tention of his friends that the affair re
sulted in a victory for him is ludicrous.
He is to-dav without a church, and he has
no ofiicial standing in Congregationalism.
Is that a victory? lam glad the matter
is ended. I never pursued Dr. Brown in a
spirit of vindictiveness, but I desired that
truth should prevail. I was opposed to
Dr. Brown because I haa irrefutable evi
dence of his guilty acts, not because I had
any personal enmity toward h:m.
"The 29th of the month," added Mrs.
Cooper, '"seems to be Dr. Brown's un
lucky day. The doctor's complaint against '
Mrs. Davidson, which opened the scandal,
was filed on the 1'itth of last December; on
the 29th of the following month I ap
peared on the scene, and to wind up the
whole unfortunate affair Dr. Brown pre
sented his resignation on the -"^th of
April. If he is at all superstitious he will
decide to give the 29tb day of each mouth
a irtde berth in future."
"Only a noble man, inch as Dr. Brown
is recognized to be, ?;ould dare take the
stand which he took and held," remarked
Charles G. Nagle, barrister-at-law, the ex
pastor's attorney.
"He sacrificed himself in order to avert
dissension, and while acting solely for the
benefit of the church, managed to cover
himself with glory and honor."
Other prominent members of the church
expressed themselves for or against their
late spiritual father, but no one, so far aa
learned, Went s^> far as to accuse the Kev.
Dr. Brown of managing his case in n
.bungling fashion. The general verdict of
friends and foes was:
"Dr. Brown can hold his own and keep
his head as hich as ever."
Lecturer Eastern's Stricture on
: v the Machinery of Eco
■^ /•> '""' : :-\ • nomics. • •.:"••.'■; • : -.; ; : ' \
"Peace on Earth, Good ; Will Toward
; : ■;.;. Men," to Come With Individual
'<:' " ■•■.■ .- • '- Responsibility. ..; ; -,. : - ■
/.;. Plymouth: Congregational Church was
well filled last night to hear a lecture on
"Loose Screws," : by R. A. Eastern , one of
the church's member?. -.-,' "' ■'::''-.}:'...'
The lecture was devoted to a discussion
of yprevailini* political ;' and :. . economic
issues, and,' as the title indicates, the con
dition of the body politic was compared to
machinery in which a loose screw renders
harmonious action impossible. , .- ■":'
"; "Those who are familiar with machinery, .
whether it be a sewing-machine, . a .. mow
ing-machine or a steam engine," said the
lecturer, "Know that a loose screw | affects
the running of the machine, causes un
steady motion or a pounding of the loose
joints, and. sometimes makes so much
'noise that. the loose point is plainly . dis
cerned. Again, the screw may be so hid- •
: cien.lnthe. works. that only a practiced ear
can detect the exact. where lies the
'injury. : \. .■ -v .;■ : ■''- ,.Y 0. a: ■£. '>'■■_"■..' ''"■ ,■; .; ': ■
"in the social world and the body politic
there are some screws so loose as to attract
attention .'; to . the condition : of '. the ma
chinery. All the experts of all the parties
are busily, tinkering with that part of . : the
/linactjih'ery : which seems the most defec
tive. ■ ■•.: . :■;-.;';.':. • ■ ' :r:'l ■■-'- ?■'':■'■ -"■ '■■"'' '!.'..
. "Now ; it seems : to me that this. loose
screw of eo-called capital and : labor, while
it is "so plainly. seen, and the thumping and
jarring of the machinery, are so heavy tuat
a olind man would kuow that xiie ma
chinery •;is.; undergoing a strain, would
draw our attention to the fact that there is
also something the \- -niatter. with, • the
ipundatir non which it is placed. •;; : ;- '. .- ..
"The real loose screw that is causing all
this trouble ; is/,, the lack of individual re
sponsibility to God and to man that per- \
meates the world to-day. : v-. : ' '.■.:••:.••• .; \\{
"It is a noticeable fact that men who are
loudest in their cries against '■.'the moneyed
rich do not use the wealth which is at
their, hand and is their's by title. :
"Tne fact that , the : moneyed men are
grinding the life out of the poor man—
riving him to the wall— not more l rue
than the fact ; that the poor are grinding .
.themselves and each other. ';. /.v -, ■■.■;••.:.
.•/. "The practices of the great corporations
are not different from the practices of men
the' whole length .; of the : line. The labor
organizations v say to a man, 'Come and
join us,' ; and if he refuses, .they will not
work nor let him work. { And while/, they :
are crying against the oppression of the
rich with one breath, with the next they
ai e ■'•• beating • down .. the hire : : of him : who
stands with them in enduring the burdens
and the heat ; of the day." ; ; •-;;>.: £. ■''■'■ IV;
?■.. 'Tii'e '•'■ lecturer.^. then entered : into. an ex-;
haustive discussion to prove that it is not
the rich that are oppressing the vpoor,; : but
: the poor that are: oppressing themselves. .
: Lecturer illustrated this by giving
the Case: of a : builder who wished to cut the
■ : wages of the men he had hired to construct
; a house. '■:. One of •' the . carpenters railed
loudly i- at this. The . builder ':. after ward
changed his mind and let the construc
tion of ; the ; house ;' to a contractor. The
carpenter that railed at the builder so
loudly because 1 he wished. ; to hire ■ men lor .
less than. regular wages' got the contract.
His first act was to cut the .Wages of his
: laboiers; > by the .. same sum the builder
wished to do. •';"■:.•>!.. -'■■-..-'.■ ■ : •-.•':
"• "Take the instance of the recent police
corruption trouble in New York,'.' said, the
-speaker ;.= "there . was a loud clamor over
the tact that a screw was loose somewhere.
How. about the merchants w.ip put money
Into the pockets 61 the policemen to get.
; them to pass by and •'pay. i no attention"- to
the boxes, they. had : piled ■ on the side
walks? This was a case of the citizens
debauching the very officers they -.-had
hired to protect them. And bo it goes." -.
He gave a humoer of ill ustra-tibiis. treat- '.
ing on. the: subject of ; organized and unor
ganized labor; v^v-:..:''.:/.^'";:.;-'- *;•'. :•; .'• I
"1 he comink conflict," . the Lec
turer in conclusion, "is not of swords, but :
of brains;; not of .. men, bat of thought. :
The college professor, the preacher, the
layman, .t&e. • striker and ' the teachers re
.thinking ' out problems as men never
thought before, r'^- -'. "-. ;'i •" :'.; -,•■'• - £H>
;;."-".\\ hen men get an idea of their indi
vidual responsibility and attend to the
wants' of • their spiritual being instead of
their grosser natures a happier condition
of. affairs will arrive, and there will truly
be Teace on earth, good will toward
men. -V '..-:...'.• -.•• ; . .■■•. .■'.-.- .' ■ ■ . ;. ■;■:■■" .•
The German Benevolent Society Pre
;'.-.• paring to -I acreage Its Members. "...••••'
: A meeting of the German Benevolent
Society was held in Druid's Hali, Butter
street, and two propositions were submitted
for the increase ol membership. ■•- ■ •",;"
- One was an amendmeutdping away with
the initiation fee for one year, the fee now
being $2. The other 'was to eiuoower the
board of directors to admit to membership
at their discretion any person over 50 years
of age. . '■'•.■. •'• .-"/• • -. ■-.■ • ' :
Both propositions were submitted to a
committee of five which will report upon
them at the next meeting. - : .■.•;. :; ;■:
The membership of tne society at pres
ent is ; 3097, and the idea is greatly to in- '
crease it. ■ , . .-. v..'
The Rose Show Opens as an
Exotic Bower of New and
Rare Blossoms.
WITH SIX HUNDRED VARIETIES
A Un : que Display of Flowers From
Historical Gardens cf the
State.
The ordinarily beautiful Maple and
Marble rooms of the Palace Hotel have
been converted into a temporary conserva
tory, in which all the choicest roses and
other flowering products of amateur and
professional gardens are artistically dis
played in almost endless variety.
It is the thirteenth semi-annual Kose
Show of the State Floral Society, an or
ganization the sole aim of /which is to en
courage the cultivation of home gardens
and the propagation of new and beautiful
flowers. And the great increase in varie
ties due to ambitious competitors is one of
the best evidences of the succesa of the
society's efforts.
Primarily the object of the show is not
the encouragement ol professional florists,
but their exhibitions set a standard that
furnifhes the amateur an object lesson,
ana at the same time indicates what may
be accomplished in the way of new varie
ties. ' :•.:." ■■■■;■-.. '.•: :•;' . • ; ■ ■ ■■.■'■ ;■
Probably the most attractive large dis
play is that of John H. Sievers, who has
on exhibition seventy-five enormously de
veloped new seedling carnations tnat have
yet to be named and a number of exquisite
orchids and other tropical flowers and del
icate ferns. But the great long-sternmed
carnations, with their extremely unusual
colorings, are a noteworthy feature of the
show.
Then there is the large exhibit from
Golden Gate Park, occupying the entire
end of the Marble room, and including as
spec! » features the Cocas Weddelena, the
most delicate and dainty of all the palm?,
and the caricature plaut, with its little
Humanlike faces doited all over its large,
beautifully veined clothlike leaves that
| rival fancy dress patterns in their attrac
tive appearance. \ '■■'■.-■- :-.'-
John Rock has an exhibit of all kinds
of flowering shrubs and Professor Emory ;
E. Smith of Palo Alto, the manager of the \
committee of arrangements, says it is the
finest display of the kind ever made in
California. It includes tue historical
Breath of Heaven, ribbon grass, and many
shrubs combining variations of nearly all
the primary colors. But these are not all.
There are in the same exhibit over 1U0 va
rieties of roses.
Whatever may be the poetic suggestive
ness of the flower-bedecked and lragrant
rooms there is one little table that has
about it a sentiment greater than that as
sociate! with all the others combined.
Mrs. W. S. Chandler, California's most ex
tensive collector of wild flowers, has con
ceived the idea of displaying flowera from
ail the historical places in California, from
gardens that have old romantic associa- i
tions or that have witnessed some event |
in the early history of the Golden State. ;
For instance, there is a great cluster ol i
rich Cloth of Gold roses from a foriy-vear- j
ola bush in the old Larkin garden in Mon
terev, where the papers were signed an
nexing California to the Union.
Mrs. L. O. Hodgkins has a unique dis
play of nice varieties of flowery cacti tuat
lorms a particularly beautiful collection of
rare blossoms.
Then passing over the great display of
roses, for there are 600 varieties on exhibi
tion, and mentioning oniy briefly some of
the individual flowers as examples, there
is the fragrant and delicate white San
Juan flower from Mexico; rhododendrons
in great variety and in wonderful color
ings; white, pin k-sV/eaked and delicately
tinted clematis; "Mrs. Cleveland," a beau
tiful new California eeedling rose of a rich
red; the "Rainbow," a California product
from the Papa Gontier; a new rose with
waxy. Dink petals liqhtly streaked with
blood red; the "Bell Sicbrick," a new
Eastern *ose first exhibited in California,
and bavin-; rich, pale pink petals; "La
France de '89," a La France rose of dark
wine color, while the original of the name
is so different; azalias originally from the
slopes of the Himalaya Mountains, and
others from China, purple, A'hite, sainion,
cream, magenta, lavender; the "Rosa Ru
gosa," a peculiar wine-colored California
seedling single rose from the Japanese va
riety; new .-jiant California seedling;
white Marguerites with stems a vard lon»r;
a first exhibit by Professor Emory E.
Smith of a variety to be introduced'next
year.
Amateur exhibitors whose display? are
particular features of the 6how are Mrs.
E. Lewellyn of San Lorenzo, with a fine
array of peonies, clematis, rhododendrons
and roses; Mrs. Theo Sachan, also of San
Lorenzo, with a collection of 150 varieties
of roses; Mrs. W. H. Smith of Berkeley,
roses; Charles Alborn of Alameda, with a
very large collection of roses, carnations
and pelargoniums, and Mrs. Stanley
Stephenson of Alameda, fine roses.
Some of the flower-lovers prominent at
yesterday's preliminary exhibit were: D.
J. Staples, John L. Howard, Mrs. Timothy
Hopkins, Mrs. W. C. Burnett, Eiisha
Brooks, principal of the Girls' High School;
Supervisor Der.man, Dr. Behr of the Acad
emy ol Sciences, Mr. and Mrs. Rockwood
of Chicago, Mrs. Laura Immery of Grand
Uapiils, Mich., Dr. F. I. Forman, John I.
Sauin, LonisGhiss, Itev. O.C. Miller. Mrs.
B. N. Rowley, Mrs. Horatio Stebbins, Mrs.
Austin Sperfy, O. D. Baldwin, Dr. John
Wagner, Dr. Charles Bri^-ham, Mrs.
Charles B. Dean.
To-day will see the exhibit completed in
all its details and perfected whera the late
storm made yesterday's display slightly
backward. All in all, it is pronounced the
equal of the Lest show yet given, and that
in the face of climatic difficulties.
Suicide by \ Gas ; of Edward H.
] ;' Daley j and George H. ; V :';."•
■ • ■"( MonaghaD. ■'.. ■ -./*. ; •;
They Were ;' Despondent . ; Over Lack
:.: of Employment , and ■'. Sought • ./
V . Relief in Death. / -: . . •
V- V'-V •:'•'•■■. i: V.: : ''" '••' '"""■'■' ■ :•■ '. ':• : '■'. : . '..
f. Edward H. Daley and G. H. Sibtiaghan
committed : ... suicide some ..". time /; during
Wednesday.';' night "•^by turning on the gas.
The former was found : dead in his room in
a lodging-house at 703 Stockton street, and
the latter died at 1434 California street.
Both left notes to their wives, saying that
they', were despondent and died to v end .
their earthly troubles. V ■:■ '. • V :"' ••
'.; vMbnaghan. was a plumber and lived with
his wife at 1434 California street. He was' i
50 years of age. He attached a rubber
hose to the i gas. jet : in his room and,. plac
ing the other end in his mouth, turned on i
the deadly fluid. He made the hose secure
: by 'fastening it about bis neck with a piece
of twine. On the bed by his Bide the sui
cide left this note: . •'..' : ..: .- :•■■'.■•■
.. .'■■• • ■'..'.■:■ " •■•""■. •'••. Apr 1129, :iS96:
Dear Wife: Forgive me for this act, tut I can
hot help it.- Good ; by and hope .more .luck for
you in future. ■ ■■^■- ■ • " ■'' ■ G. H. Monaghan. .
Mrs.Monaghan cou'd assign no cause for
I her .'husbands suicide, but said he had
been acting rather strangely of late.-. He
( had.. been out of work for tithe.>- ■'. •'■
.'• Daley left a note to his wife who lives at
2620 California street. He merely said he
was discouraged, and bade her farewell. '! ■'
"Let the City bury me." he wrote. "Mv
valise is.in a Clay-street 5-cent beer 'sa
loon." •'•/'•...•. ;• .•.•■;..■ .".••;•••."•■•
Daley : was careful that he should not
fail of his purpose. . - He pasted paper over
the keyhole and other cracks which would
have afforded an outlet for the gas. • ••
■ « — ♦ — «.
John Gough was charged with violating the
election laws during the canvass of the vote at
the last election. He was charged with acting
as an election officer without Having qualified
for the place, bnt there was no proof that there I
was :my willful fraud, and so Gough was ac
quitted. [
One of the Questions for the
Methcdist Episcopal Con
ference.
TO OPEN TO-DAY IN OHIO.
Shall Delrgates of the Weaker Sex
Be Seated or Rej-cted ?— A
Vexing Problem.
The General Conference of the Metho
dist Episcopal Cnurch will open to-day in
Cleveland, Ohio. Many people prominent
in the Methodist Episcopal Church of this
State will be among the delegates and
visitors.
The General Conference of the Methodist
Episcopal Church meets once in four years.
It is composed of about 600 delegates— 200
laymen and 400 ministers. While the
ministerial delegates ars in the majority,
yet the laymen may. demand a separate
vote on any question, and such question
cannot be passed unless a majority of the
laymen are in favor of it.
The General Conference in the law-mak
ing body of the church. The only restric
tions placed upon it are known aa the
"aii restrictive rules." These relate to
the articles of religion or the creed of the
church, the Episcopal form of church
government, the right of a minister or j
member to trial and appeal, and the i
alienation of the proceeds of the publish
in p houses from the Bupport of the super
annuated ministers.
These six reatrictive rules may be
changed by a vote of three-fourths of the
ministers in the annual conferences and a
vote of two-tnirds majority in the General
Conference. These restrictive rules have |
been in effect the constitutional law of the j
church. Aside from these safeguards, the !
General Conference can do as it pleases by
a majori ty vote. In the General Assembly
of the Presbyterian church its legal enact
ments must be approved by the presby
teries before they become law. In the
Congregational and Baptist associations
the deliverances are not binding on the in
dividual church and come simply as recom
mendations.
The aieeting of the General Conference is
attended with much excitement, because
the least change in the machinery of the
church will effect eve-y local church to
the full extent of the change. Another
thine which makes the General Conference
specially exciting is the elections.
Its patronage is very large. It elects
bishops for life, secretaries for the various
benevolent societies, editors of all the Ad
vocates, book agents and committees and
boards of management for the term of four
years. Posts oi honor are 'filled until the
number reaches hundreds. Not all these
are salaried ollicers, but many of them
are, and others are affected by the consti
tution of these committees and boards of
management.
There are several questions to come be
fore the present General Conference, which
meets in Cleveland May 1, and will proba
bly continue until near the close of tne
month. These questions have been agi
tatint' the church for a decade. They
have been put off by compromises and
temporary devices from time to time, but
all the while growing more intense.
The first of these is known in church
parlance as the '"Woman Question." In
the General Conference of 18»8 four
women were elected delegates, but they
were not seated, because it was claimed
the constitution of the church deoarred
them. A constitutional amendment was
sent down to the annual conferences, but
failed to carry. In 1892 the amendment was
reversed and was so woraed that unless
three-fourths of the ministers voted for
continuance of the law as it is, the con
struction of the constitution should be
that women were eligible to membership
u the General Conierence. This was
looked upon as revolutionary and was pen
erallv repudiated by the church. The
original amendment of 1888 was taken UP
flml pent the rounds of the conferences,
but it was defeated by the small number
of lifty-seven. Four women delegates
have b< en elected to the present General
Conference. The opinion of some is that
they should be seated, and that the action
of the two former general conferences
should be ignored.
They claim that each General Confer
ence is a law unto itself. Others think
that inasmuch as the church has already
voted on the question twice and it has
failed each time, that it would be a flag
rant and radical violation of ail law to
consult the church accoiding to the forms
of law and then proceed directly opposite
to that decision. The conservative party,
the opponents of the women, claim that
the question should be sent down to the
churches again! An analysis of the vote
shows that' the West generally favored
t e admission of women by a large major
ity. New England also favored them by
a gaod majority, but the Central J-Jast was
strongly the other way. New Yorfr,
Pennsylvania and the surrounding States
were more conservative. It is due to the
women to say that most of them prefer to
come into the law-making body of the
church by the retruJar constitutional
amendment and not be crowded in
through the backdoor by a mere majority
vote.
The second great question that has agi
tated two preceding general conferences is
the removal of the time limit in the pas
toral appointment. When Asbury had
his way in the early davs ministers were
changed every six months. This a little
later oecame lixed at a term of one year,
still later two years, then three, and in
18sS it was extended to five years. The
aggressive reformers in the church are
now urjring that it, be removed altogether.
To an outsider this would eeem to be a
simple and easy thing to do, but the Meth
odist itinerancy is a unique organization.
To make the appointments at all upon any
other than an crbitrary basis every pastor
must surrender his appointment at the
session of his conference. If the whole
work can be adjusted as well Dy his return
Tie is returned. The key to the arch is the
"time limit." The fact that one man's
time has expired is a reason why all the
members of the conference must stand on
an equality with him. The time limit
beinsr taken away there would be no as-
Burance that a pastor desiring a change
could have an appointment.
The "time limit" is really the key to the
itinerancy. To remove it will be equiva
lent to changing tfce whole Methodist
ministry to the independent basis of Con
gregationalism.
To ihose unacquainted with the working
of the General Conference it may be of in
terest to explain tnat the conference is di
vided into iarge committees.
All matters pertaining to the Bishops
and their administration are referred to
the committee on episcopacy, amendments
to the book of discipline to ttie committee
on revisals. etc., etc., and the great battles
are often fought in these committees be
fore the matter comes betore the General
Conference for final action.
The election of Bishop is always at
tended with intense excitement. It means
a good deal. It is a position of great
honor, a life term, a free passport to all
parts of the world. It is eeneraliy conceded
that four new Bishops will be elected.
Who these fortunate persons will be is a
question of much speculation. Dr. Earl
Cranston, now at the" head of the Western
Publishing-house, Cincinnati; Dr. John F.
G=>ucher, president of the Woman's Col
lege, Baltimore; Dr. John K. Day, presi
dent Syracuse University; Dr. Frank
Bristol of Evanston and Dr. Henry A.
Battg of Drew Theological Seminary are
doubtless among the strongest candidates
for tiie episcopacy. No one can certainly
forecast the action or a general conference.
Two-thirds of the delegates are new hands
at law-making and unacquainted with the
candidates for the episcopacy, never nav
ing been in a general conference before.
They are usually conservative.
The delegates are from all parts of the
world — Germans, Swedes,! Japanese, Chi
nese, Africans— so that it is quite impos
sible to analyze the opinion of a general
conference touching any great interest in
advance. Tue booming of candidates is a
sure way to defeat them. It is supposed
that the delegates will make up their
minds as to the fitness of candidates in a
quiet and unbiased manner. All "candi
oating" is strictly against the traditions of
the church, but as long as there are places
of ..onor and salaried offices to fill and
human nature is as it is there will be
some "striving among the brethren for
the best gifts.
To change laws which affect 2,500,000
members is a grave responsibility. It is
therefore probable that many of the radi
cal changes proposed will never seethe
light. Hundreds of the memorials will
be strangled in the committees.
Judge Hunt to Sire the Next
Entertainment of the Press
Club.
The Enlargement of the Library,
Increase of Membership aud Pros*
perity of the Club.
The Press Club is preparing to give a
uniqne midsummer jinks in its handsome
rooms in the Thurlow block, on the even
ing of June 6. At the last meeting of the
board the date was set.
Superior Judge John Hunt, who for the
place is probably unsurpassed on the coast,
and who for his dry humor and rare
talents otherwise is widely known, is to
sire the jinks. He is acting in connection
with the entertainment committee, and is
enlisting much of the best talent of the
club. It is believed that it will be by all
odds the best jinks yet given.
The club has had a signally prosperous
career during the past few months. Dur
ing the present administration seventy
five additional members have been ad
mitted, and others are asking for mem
bership. The new members are profes
sional men of high standing, and they as
well as the old members are taking great
interest in the institution. ' ■'■ "■'■■
--Its- finances have been put on an abso
lutely sound busis. Its billp are paid with
promptness as they are agreed upon, and
its credit is as good as that of a bank.
The library facilities have been doubled
and new books are being constantly added.
Several new and valuable pictures have
also been recently secured.
Mrs. K. S. Hart, niotlier of the late Wil
liam. N. Hart, has presented to the club
about fifty volumes formerly belonging to
that well-known newspaperman. Also a
large collection of Samoan relics, including
warelubs, cymbals, a larpe volume of photo
graphs of the wrecked Vanaaiia, Trenton
and ot..er warships.
These were obtained by Mr. Hart at the
time of the Samoan war. when he was
there as a special correspondent, and at
this date, and because of this association
are of great value. There are other thines
in the collection, and all are liiphly prized.
More room is beginning to be needed by
the club,, but as the management believes
it best to procrcss soiidly and safeir, no
immediate effort will be "made to net other
rooms. The increased number of mem
bers constantly in the. rooms -fittest in a
partial way the prosperity of the organiza
tion. .... . ..
:\ : "The Day-spring From ' on. High," is the
title of the next lecture of the course on "Civil
and Religious Liverty," to be Riven by Rev.'.
Father Yorke at Metropolitan Temple on Fri
day evening. May 8, ander the auspices of the
American Women's Liberal League. Reserved
seats for this lecture! are being rapidly sold at
the headquarters of the league; room 6. Dono
hoe building, corner of Taylor and Market
street*. ■•'■•••.. . ' " • - :• •■ .•• •.Great Changes Promised in
the Local Postal
System.
STREETCAR DELIVERY.
A Scheme to Centralize the
Working Forces at the
Water Front.
AIDED BY THE DEPARTMENT.
The New Bui'ding Will Be Used as a
General Delivery and for Ad
ministration Purposes.
The establishment of a postoffice at the
water front, where toed iff eretit car lines
terminate at the foot of Market street, Has
been rinally agreed upon. It is the inten-
tion ol the State Board of Harbor Com- •
missioners to erect a separate building for ,
the convenience of the postal service on
the site at the ferries now occupied by the .
baegaee-room of the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
This new scheme will virtually despense
with tne usefulness of the new postotlice
and United States Court building, which
the Government proposes to erect on the.
Bite, purchased for. the purpose, at the i
corner of Mission and Seventh streets. It
will bi used, however, as in administra
tion building and as a general delivery.
Anyway, the scheme is to centralize the
working forces of the postal department
at the wator front.
The main Postoflice will then be U3ed
sjlcly as a general delivery, and at the
pace the Government architect is proceed
ing with the plans, according to reports
from Washington, there is some doubts
about the time when work will be actually
bepun on the new building. It may be
commenced in the lifetime of the young
est inhabitant and it may never be com
menced- .
Meanwhile the new Postoffice at the fer
ries will be buiit. The idea is to central
ize the business of the Postoftice at the
water front. How this metnod wii- suc
ceed remains to be Been. Thus far it is
only an experiment.
This contemplated innovation is the re*
salt of the streetcar postai system in tro
uuced at Boston,' Philadelphia, New York
and other large cities, and in the course of
human affairs is expected to become a
pern'anency in San Francisco.
. it the reason why the postal author
ities are anxious for the erection Gf a sep
arate postofiice at the water front, and al
ready plans have been completed for the
building. It will \>e two stories in height
and will be pavilion-like in it= interior ar- I
rangement. The second story will have i
gallery encircling the entire building, and
there will be a large skvlisrht in the csnter i
of the structure which will be sufficiently
large to accommodate the entire working
forces of The Postoffioe.
A money-order department, stamp win
dow and general delivery will also be
maintained at this branch, which will in
every way serve the purposes of a central
omce, and in the course of time it is
Loped the public will become so accus
tomed to the ferry postoffioe that no other
will be required.
According to the new streetcar postal
receiving and delivering system, which
has met with the encouragement of the
Postal Department at Washington, the
mail streetcars will receive and deliver
the entire mail of the City, and as all the
streetcar Una terminate at the ferries it is
i bought that San Francisco will be much
better served bv the new system.
..'■■.■:"- ~~~~~^ ■ ■
Banker and". Merchant Weinbnrg, Now
• ■; Here, Ha« Large Losses.
Among the arrivals here is C. L. Wein
berg, senior partner.iii the ; Weinberg Shoe
and Clothing Company and the Weinberg
Banking and Brokerage Company, Cripple
Creek, recently burned. • The gentleman
left the big mining camp before either of
the three fires occurred, which destroyed
it totally.including, of course, Mr. Vein
berg's two big business houses. He says
he thinks his Josses will exceed $45,000, the
amount stated in one of the dispatches.
He thinks the town will be rebuilt, for
the mines are extensive and rich, and the
people of indomitable energy. About
20,000 of them are homeless, and Mr. Wein
berg fears there may. temporarily be some
suffering. : :, \ • ■ ,'■'-.': ■-■ " - "i .7^"-" ':■ %Y
The gentleman " owns a large orange
ranch near San Bernardino, and was ex
pecting to go on there when the telegrams
came announcing the fires. He feels like
a man with his abode wiped off the earth,
r>:it will go on to San Bernardino, and ere
lcnp: will return to Cripple Creek. He is
at the Grand.
Auction Sale To-Morrow of Choice Keil
dence Lot* and Villa
Sites.
To-morrow the San Mateo Land Asso
ciation will offer at auction 255 choice
suburban residence lots and villa sites on
Fan Mateo Heights. These lots are lo
rated in the most beautiful residence por
tion of ttte growing city of San Mateo.
The streets are graded, the sidewalks laid
and palms planted. A modern sanitary
sewerage system has just been completed,
while water mains are being laid and elec
tric light wires put up.
The lo*s have a frontage of from 50 to
200 feet each, and a depth of from I.tO to
■2'_'5 feet. A special train will leave t-an
Francisco from the depot at Third and
Townsend streets 'at 11 o'clock to-morrow
morning. The fare for the round trip will
be 50 cents.
* — ♦ — • ■ •
An Eastern Finn Looking to the West
for Investment.
Secretary J. A. Filcher of the State
Board of Trade yesterday received a letter
from a firm in Indianapolis asking if there
are a sufficient number of steam bakeries
in this City to warrant the establishment
of a plant here for the manufacture of
steam-bakery machinery, etc.
Mr. Filcher in reply said thai there were
but few bakeries of that class in this Citv,
but that there were between 300 and 400
bakeries of all kinds here. In conclusion
he said:
"Such a factory as you contemplate
ought to supply the large bakeries of Port-
land, Washington, Nevada, Arizona, Utah,
New Mexico, and probably all of them
would be glad to give support to your en
terprise, yet I would not cave you estab
lish it on our recommendation without in
vestigating the subject further."
N. Diers, a Saloon-Keeper, Vic
timized by an Attractive
Woman.
While Asleep His Watch and Chain,
Diamond Pin, Money and Hat
Were Stolen.
N. Diers, a saloon-keeper at Fifth air
Folsom streets, reported at police head
: quarters yesterday morning that he had
': been robbed of bis valuable gold watch
: and chain, diamond pin valued ai $150 and
; $3 in silver by a woman.
Late Tuesday night he said he went into
| Carr's saloon, on McAllister and Larkin
streets, and was having a drink, when an
i attractive woman came up to him and the
j bartender introduced her to him. He did
! not remember her name.
He treated her, to several drinks. He
' drank so much that he fell asleep and did
j not awaken till yesterday morninc.
.; He found his watch and chain, diamond
I pin and money eone. Not only that, but
I his new hat nad disappeared and an old
j one had been substituted for it.
• He was firmly convinced that the woman
' robbed him as soon as he fell asleep, but
' he is puzzled to know who could have
stolen- his hat. He feels sure he could
■ identify the woman acain. -Ho could not
'gut any satisfaction -from the saloon peo
ple and accordingly made his complaint to
■ the police. . : :
. Diers will sweaT out a warrant for the
! woman's arrest this morning, and mean-
I time .Policeman Buckley has been detailed
■ to make a thorough investigation.
Emma Smith Charges a Medical Man
'-• With Grand Larceny.
Emma Smith, C23 Bush street, cx
casbier in a restaurant on Siztu street.
: swore out a warrant in Judge Joachim
i son's court yesterday for the arrest of T.
F. Campbell, a medical man, 23. Grant
• avenue, on the charge of grand larcenv. "
She said she was taken sick a few days
1 ago and sent for Campbell. He prescribed
for her and paid him his fee. She had
a pair of diamond earrings: in- her ear. 1
worth $100, and next day Campbell paid
her a visit. He asked to look at her ear
i rings, and as she raised her head from the
■ pillow he must have chloroformed her, as
I she remembered nothing more. 'When
she recovered Campbell had gone and so
had her earrings. • .. - V ~ ■;.
She claimed that, Pampbell had shown
the earrings to two people. Besides the
grand laTceny warrant she also obtained a
search warrant. Up to a late hour last
night Campbell had not been arrested. •
_« — • — •
The Sunday afternoon lectures of Dr. Mor
gan nt Scottish Hall are Baid to promise early
results. It was announced last Sunday that a
plan was already on foot looking toward the
organization o! an Evangelical League in this
City. It was explained that tbia would not
necessarily militate against the existing rela
tions of any person belonging to any Evangeli
cal church" There are large portions of Scrip
ture embraced iu the writings of the ancient
prophets which are seldom or never discussed
in the pulpits. And it Is to recover and propa
gate this portion of the Bible that tho ieagut- is
proposed. Dr. Morgan is expected to speak of
the "Seven Apocalyptic Seals" next bunday.
when notice will bft given as to what measures
will be necessary to complete the organization
in this City.
Hill, Russell, Pattison and Car
lisle as Presidential
Timber.
A WESTERN MAX IS WANTED.
Preferences Expressed by Several
Leading Demociats of Cali
fornia.
The meeting of Democratic conventions
in some of the Eastern States and the
voice of Pennsylvania instructing for ex-
Governor Pattison of that State have
caused Democrats in San Francisco to
taik of Presidential cardidates. The
National convention of the party will be
held in Chicago some time in July, but
the interest in the coming event is not
sufficiently active to c^use the lights of
the party in this region to remember the
exact day of the meeting. It is acknowl
edged, however, that a convention will
be held and a candidate be nominated.
John Bog£S of Colusa may well be
designated as one of the war-horses of the
Democratic party in this State. His
Democracy dates back to the days of
Jackson. He has served his party in
National and State conventions, in the
Legislature and in public boards and com
missions.
In that notable convention of Democrats
at San Jose ten years aco, when George
Hearst was defeated lor the gubernatorial
nomination by General Stoneman and the
Southern Pacific, John Bogcs was the pre
siding otlicer and gained laurels for wis
dom and patience. The "sage of Colusa,"
as Mr. Boggs is called, was in town yester
day. He spoke of Democratic possibilities
in a nominating sense.
He said: "I believe the Democratic can
didate for President should come from the
West. I am not sure that Carlisle is just
the man we need to lead the party in the
next campaign. There will be no* trouble
in finding good men, but 1 am inclined to
think that it would be a mistake to nomi
nate au Eastern man.
"The convention at Chicago," continued
Mr. P-opgs, "should not meddle too much
with the money question. The settlement
of thai issue should be left mainly to Con
gress. Our representative in Congress
will understand the subject fully as well
as the delegate to the National conven
tion. It should be understood that the
candidate of the convention should, if
elected President, allow Congress to legis
late on the matter without executive in
terference."
Arthur Rodgers, regent of the univer
sity, lawyer and orator, is a sound-money
Democrat. This means that he is opposed
to the coinage of too much silver at the ra
rate of 16 to 1, but that is not his definition
of sound-money doctrine. In gazing about
for the discovery of another Democratic
Moses Mr. Rodgers permits his eye to rest
on ex-Governor Russell o£ Massachusetts.
The attributes of statesmanship which the
Massachusetts Moses may not in fact pos
sess are readily supplied by Mr. Rodgers'
imagination, which does invest Mr. Rus
sell with political genius and great patriot
ism.
"Mr. Rr.sseil belongs to the school of
pure-minded and able statesmen. He
commands the greatest influence and re
spect where he is best known. His t-u
perior abilities have brought his n;«nie to
attention. A man of liis type BhoaR! se
cure the Democratic nomination for Presi
dent."
"But he is a hard-money Democrat,"
interposed the interviewer.
"So tun I; so am I," rejoined the recent.
"When a Droad-miivie.! Republican Presi
dent cuides the destinies of France and an
able-bodied Democratic President holds
the reins of Government in the Fnited
State? Raphael Weil is happy. The se
renity of his joy imparts to his counte
nance a licht -'like that the limners gave
to the beloved dbciple." To Mr. Weil's
mind there may be in the future other
Democratic Presidents in this country, but
Cleveland is the one and only true Hoses.
Speaking of Democratic possibilities he
said:
"Russell is a good man. Pattison is an
able man. Carlisle is well known for his
ability, but lie lias been in public life a
long time and his position on the question
of finance has not been consistent. Whit
ney is a strong Democrat, but Russell be
longs to the your.g ana progressive ele
ment of the party and would make an ex
cellent candidate."
Dr. George Chismore, the new president
of the Bohemian Ciub. who mav become
famous as the only Democrat elected to
office in the year 189*i, gives free rein to his
admiration for David i>. Hill tl Now York.
The genial doctor reads all of Hill's
speeches and regards the Senator as one of
the foremost statesmen of the uay.
"Hill's reply to Gorman," said Dr.
Chiamore, "was masterly. His defense of
the administration stamped him a ttates
man. Then, he is sound on every public
question. 1 doubt if the Democratic con
vention could nominate a better or a
stronger candidate."
John E. Budd. brother of California's
Governor and a Regent of the State Uni
verity, in speaking of Democratic Presi
dential timcer, said: "The nominee of
the Democratic convention should come
from trie West. Kill, Russell and Patti-
BOO may be able men, but tiie people
demand a Western man. I cannot say
now to whom the nomination should be
given."
Jere Lynch, ex-State Senator, is giving
more attention to the workings of the Hale
<£ NorcrosB mine than to political subjects.
'It is too early," he remarked, "to talk
of Democratic candidates for President.
There will be plenty of time to consider
the subject after the Republicans name a
candidate."
Ex-Postmaster "William Bryan is a Demo
crat of the old school who has held office
nmler Federal and local anspices. He
says that the Occidental Club lias no favor
ite candidate for the Democratic nomina
tion. In rppard to Car.'isle, Mr. Bryan re
marked: "Outside of the Federal office
holders I do not hear much talk of Car
lisle. I hear occasional preferences ex
pressed for Whitney. I think he has a
strong following in the party. He is rated
as a statesman of nn-t-Huf^ abilities, and
would command the full strength of the
party."
Arrixal of the O. and O. Steamship
I>orle Making a Quick Trip.
The Oriental and Occidental steamship
Doric arrived last night about 9 b'cluck, 12
days 22 hours and 18 min. from Yokohama,
!ier lirst trip, and the fastest one ou record
from the Orient. Her coming wa3 a sur
prise, as she was not expected. Sho brings
0 cabin passengers, and 287 Chinese, 19
Japanese and 4 whites in the steerage.
The vessel did not stop at. Honolulu, and
consequently brings no news from the isl
ands. She brings a clean bill of health,
but will be fumigated by the quarantine
officials this mornintr. The cabin passen
gers will be landed after an examination,
but those in the steerage will be detained
a while at the quarantine station.
From advices it is learned that the
plague in Hongkong is beginning to
assume more serious dimensions. There
have been as many as eighteen cases in
one day and the total tip-to April H was
three hundred and eiehty-ihree. In Japan
no case has occurred since that of the Chi
nese youth, who landed surreptitiously
from the Gaelic and died at the Chinese
hospital in Yokohama.
A violent storm swept over central Japan
during the night of April 13. At a place
calleii .Matsuye, in the province of Izuuio,
fifty-five fishing boats were swept out to
sea and nothing is yet known as to the fate
of their crews, numbering three hundred
an<1 fifty men,
The men from the sailing schooner Alton
belonging to this- port were lost in their
hunting boat, March 30, on the coast of
Japan. There sufferings were intense be
fore they w*>re rescued by the natives.
Tnpy were Hans Isaacsen, Victor Carlsen
and "Fred Bartlett, all well known here.
Mrs. Geary L.oie« Her Purse and
Jacob Ganib I* A/rested for
Stealing It.
Mrs. Geary of 208 Jones street and a lady
friend were standing at Ellis and Market
streets last night watching the parade of
the Salvation Army when she felt some
one abstracting her purse, containing $10,
from l.er pocket. She turned quickly
round and noticed a man, who slunk
away. She searched for a policeman, but
could not find one, and then she and her
friend hurried to police headquarters and
reported the theft.
Detectives Graham and Gillen were
detaihd on the case and in less than half
an hour they arrested Jacob Ganib and
took him to "Mrs. deary's house. She at
once identified him as the man who had
been standing beside her. He was taken
to the City Prison and booked on the
charge of grand larceny. Mrs. Geary will
swear out a warrant this morning. When
searched $15 in gold and 15 cents in silver
were found in his pockets.
Ganib said lie was a blacksmith and
came from Crescent City a few days ago.
He denied rt**flng the purse.
Mr. Higgins Made a Protest, but
Was Mistaken as to
Eis Facts.
THE CASE IS CONCLUDED.
On Next Saturday Morning the Com
miltee Will Decide all the
Contests.
The Congressional;- Committee of -the '
Fifth District continued its \ investigation
yesterday morning into the Thirty-seventh
Assembly District primary election squab
:ble;:-^- h -;> : ° : V;v;^'-'\/v ;:; - ; "-.V--; ; ;.:7 ;; :' : "
■Y, The committee met in the office of John
E. ; Richards ' in the Crocker building,
Janies.W. Rea in the chair, and John E.
Ricnards, Robert Toplitz, Al Stetson and
James Alva. Watt present. '; '■} ■■_. \i\-.
.. Judge. Marcus J. Waldheimer appeared
for the contestants and Ed Donnelly as
sisted him. •■';..•..;■'.•.■.•, ;.; v ;'*•">»*• '•
• The first witness called was a man whom
none of the committee knew, and who was
introduced .' as Frank T. Donavan. Mr. ;
Donovan told the committee that ; . he [did
not vote at the primaries, yet there ap- :
peared on the poll-lists the name of "F.T.
Donovan, 610 Hayes street." At the lime
of the primaries the witness lived at 397
Htiye3 street. He now lives ; at 61614 La
guna. ... ' : \\ -'■;■;;.'. ' ;■ ■ •■'--.\\ ;? ; : ." ;< y-\°'i
' The committee were of the opinion that
Mr. Donavan's statement proved nothing,
because there mi&ht : have been . an ; F. T,
Donovan in the .City other than -than
the Frank T. Donavan who appeared be
fore the committee. ' ; ; '-■' !■■.•■■.■.■'"-.•'...
. John Higgins of 320 Oak street voted at
the primaries, and he objected to the
entry on the. poll-lists of the name of
J. Higpins, 19 Oak street. He did not be
lieve there was such a person./.- The com
mittee showed Mr. Higgins his mistake
by. exhibiting his name~and residence on
the poll-list and also the name and resi
dence of J. liigcins of JO Oak street on the
poll-list and the great register.- • " '.V-'V'-'v.':"
■ A. W. Johnson voted at. the primary,
but could not Jind his name on .the poll
list. Instead there was. the name of
"A. W. Meyer." Mr. Johnson saw his
ballot put into the box. >:':■.■• : '•>"*; .v.".-i
•• "• "Then it was counted.". said Chairman
Rea, "and you have not suffered any." ; -:
.-. '•You would drop this .contest," asked
Mr. Rea of- Judge Waldheimer, "if you
found that .there were : not .iraudulent
votes enough. to reverse this election?" -v;
:,'■• *'If we can get lifty respectable.Irespon
sible citizens and business men, replied,
the.. Judge,, "who will swear that they
didn't vote at the primaries, but that their
names are on the - poll-lists, we will, ask
that the election be reversed." .. •''■ . ./•'.< '.
\ "Under that -protest," : said Mr.-, Rea,
"Jim Budd could not have been seated."
This was all the evidence except the affi
davits of five citizens; who swore that when
they- presented •; themselves': at ; the polls
their ballots were refused, because, as they
were informed 'by the election officers,
some one else had voted in their names.
Judge Waldheiraer made a little speech
witn the fire of eloquence in his eye and
h!s plug hat in his hand. He remarked
that fraud is the creation of • superior;
minds and- that detection of fraud is
the product of an abler mind. He had' no
doubt that the committee : . would decide
the matter fairly. ;r'; v^'i:-:J v :.:fV
. After, having -, received permission to
copy the poll-lists the contestants with
drew. -, The committee went into ; secret
session, and at the end of a half hour an
nounced that they would render a de
cision at II A. M. next Saturday.'. .'>.■ '%>/?
-♦— ■ «
Services to Be Held to the -Memory
•V- -. ; "V ■ -. 'ir^ot, Baron ■■! ■ r-i-ii. ••-.-■.•.■•■ ■,.°;-v
;.* The " memorial service, in: honor of the
late Baron do Hirsch will be held at tbe
Temple Emanu-El on Friday evening at
7:45. •••'\V;-/ :: - ••■■•. -■:■■ :}P- -VV- "■;.•■■ : ' i7 - .''■''•.■•
'-'■' The 'music specially prepared and com
posed by the cantor, E. J. Stark, will be of
a high, and elaborate character. A number
binders have been added- to the regular
choir and Mtae. : Breitschuck-Marquardt
(harp) and Henry i ley man (violin) will
play the obligates In the various composi
tions. ■"■ • '"-::•• -'-: ; ' S''-: : :'' ""'.'■■ ';' . . .•
The principal numbers are: f .•:.'; : .';:;
'Opening hymn, "Blessed Are the Departed,"
Spohr; Sabbnth hynin, "Holy Sabbath Rest,"
K. J. Stark ; memorial hymn, "Why art thou
qastdown," K. J. Stark (for soli, double chorus,
with violin harp obligato): closing hymn,
"O Lord, .what - is man?" £. J. Stark (for
soprano . : and barytone solo, .with chorus and
with yiplin and harp pbligato). . . . _ . ;
The soRranb, Miss Daisy Cohn, the con
■ tralto, Miss J.Wilcox, and'. the barytone,
Cantor Stark;, will sing the foIos in the
respective compositions, Daring the silent
devotion Mrhe. '.. Breitschuck- Marouardt
will play Zabel's "Seraphic Sounds.' 1 . .
'■Lj — • » •
The Mission Improvement Association will
hold a mass-meeting of residents of the Mis
sion to-morrow evenin? on the corner of
Guerrero and Twentieth streets. The purpose
is to disomi tho proposed new charter. F. YV.
Dohrniann and J. Kit/hard Freud, presideutand
secretary of th? Merrr.nn!-. 1 Association, ■will
address \he meotinj;. The associntion's synoic
sls of the charter will l>e distributed. It is
expected that between 800 and 900 Missionitea
will attend tne gathering.
J. Q. Jeffress, George w. Collins and H. B
Jennings, a. committee from Monteiuma Tribe
No. 77, Independent Order of Ked Men, waited
upon Judge Campbell in his chambers j-ester
dity morning and formally presented him with
a handsomely engrossed and frnmed set of
resolutions of condolence, passed by the tribt
men on the occasion ol the death of his mother
iu Oregon. The Judge is a member of the
tribe.
Mysterious Disappearance of a
Prominent Young Church
Member.
WHEBE IS THOMAS BARNES?
A Pathetic Air That It Is Thought
Made Him Temporarily
Insane.
The mysterious disappearance of Thomas
Barnes, a bright and highly respected
young man, is causing the greatest alarm
among his friends and the congregation of
Trinity Methodist Episcopal Cnurclj, Six
teenth and Noe streets, of which he was a
prominent member.
Before coming here about a year ago
Barnes was a schoolteacher in Oregon and
had a first-class certificate. As he failed
to get a position as teacher he had been
working for some time for A. Bonig, 86
Clipper street, who has a cracker route for
the American Biscuit Company. He lived
with the Boniir family.
A week ago last Wednesday Bonig and
Barnes started together to go over the
route. Barnes was sent to the grocery on
Eighteenth and Capp streets for an order
ami that was the last seen or heard of him.
Mr. and Mrs. Bonig waited patiently for
a clay or two expecting that he had possi
bly met some friends and would turn up
all rigtit, hut as time wore on they became
anxious about him and called rpon Rev.
Dr. Bovard, pastor of Trinity Methodist
Church. Barnes was treasurer of the
Young People's Society of the church and
~aa a favorite with theentire congregation
and the pastor; as he took an active in
terest in the work. His room was visited
and in the pockets of the trousers lie wore
on Sundays the ruouey belonging to the
society was lound.
It then dawned upon themtlnu some
thing serious must h:ive happened to the
young man. All his clothing and other
personal effects were in his room and he
had taken notbinsr with him except the
clothing he wore. The day before his dis
appearance he received $1H as wages and
he ar>part>ntlv had that amount with him,
as it was not in his room.
It was decided to notify the police and
Detective Harry Reynolds was detailed on
the cato. He has made the most diligent
inquiry, but has been unable to find the '■
Slightest trace of the ruissins young man.
Tim-e weeks ago to-night Barnes was at
theEpworth Methodist Episcopal Church
at an entertainment. A dialogue was
given there which he thought seemed to
outline li is career in leaving home. He '.
came to Dr. Bovard the following Monday j
and said he thought that it had been made !
as a thrust at him. He seemed to be labor- !
ing under some sort of hallucination. He
was very much excited over it and seemed
to think something underhanded regard
ing him had been done.
Looking for a theory for his departure,
Dr. Thomas Fle.chef, one of the gentle
men associated with the church, who has
taken an aciive interest in the young man
on accouut of liis earnest enaeavor in the
cause of Christianity, said yesterday tha: ■
the young man had " taken a stronginter
est in the work of the Floating (,'hristian
Endeavor Society, of which the Mariners'
Church is trie headquarters. "If this dia
logue worried him," said Dr. Fletcher,
•"if lie thought he had wronged his par
ents in any way by departing, he might
have quietly embarked on one of the ships
ond gone home in that way. 1 think my
self that he is mentally "deranged from
some caune or other, though np to this
time he showed himself to be a good, sen
sible boy, and was always in a good humor
and working during his leisure hours for
the advancement of religion."
Mrs. Bonig also throws some little light
upon the mystery. She says that on Sun
day night previous to his disappearance
Barnes accompanied her to church. Dur
ing the service one of the ladies in the
choir aang "Where Is My Wandering Boy
To-night?" and he appeared to be deeply
affected by the air and the pathos of the
words. He was strangely absent in his
manner all that night and was worse the
following two days.
He was a young man of exemplary
i habits. He neither smoked nor drank,
i and all his spare cash was spent in buying
lawbooks, which he read wljh avidity.
His ambition was to become a lawyer, and
his nights were spent in deep study.
Bennies being treasurer of the Young
People's Society of the church he was a
member of the Band of Hope and of the
Forosters' organization.
In his room was found a letter from his
! brother J. B. Barnes, 63 Woeppel avenue,
j Buffalo, N. Y., and the police have Com
municated with him. His parents are
believed to be in Chicago.
Barnes is an Englishman by birth, 26 or
I 27 years of age, 5 feet 8 inches tnll, light hair,
; blue eye?,8Ciooth face marked with pimples.
] When thinking he has a habit of covering
j his face with his hand. He wore at the
j time of his disappearance dark clothes and
a blacK Fedora hat. He was not known
to be keeping company with any young
lady.
Frances. Meaeini Die* K;ir;v Lnit Kven
•.'••■ .- ln{Froin Injuries Received on -
; : "'*\". v Saturday. ■ '*• '
Frances Meseini, the tiny infant daugh
ter of Lorenzo Meseini, who resides. at 702
Broadway, died last evening at 7 o'clock,
the result of scalds she received by the
accidental overturning of a pot of boiling
water last Saturday evening. At the time
of the accident a bath was being prepared
for an older sister ami the little child, who
was playing on the floor, overturned the
hot water. For a few seconds the child
was completely enveloped in the scalding
fluid ana when picked up from the floor
it was found that the flesh had been com
pletely--cooked. in several places on her
little body. . A physician wcs hastily sum
moned.- but a cursory examination con
vinced him that the child had been fatally
burned. She lingered along, however, un
til last evening, when death ended her
misery. :: : - .. . r-\. :
• — ♦ » —
Word has reached the president of the San
Francisco Nursery for Homeless Children that
some person unknown to thtm is circulating
a petition asking contributions of money ior
the Nursery for Homeless Children. The presi
dent wishes to warn the public against giving
to such person or persons, as they are un
authorized by the members of the Institution.
910
The Government Closes Its
Case in the Railroad
Suit.
STATE RIGHTS DISCUSSED
Legislative Acts Relied On to
Defeat the Railroad Com
mission.
ADJOURNMENT UNTIL TUESDAY
"This Great Government of the
United States Is Contending for
Principle, Sir."
In the United States Circuit Court yes
terday. District Attorney Foote. after talk
ing all day on the intervantion of the
Government in the case of the Southern
Pacific against the State Board of Railroad
Commissioners, closed his argument. He
spoke as follows:
"If the court please, it is not necessary,
perhaps, to advert to the fact which is so
patent to all men, and especially to those
who have either listened to the arguments
here, or read them as printed, that there
has perhaps never, in the history of judi
cature been a case which lias been more
ably argued by distinguished counsel than
this case has been upon the part of the
Kuilroad Commission. And from the fact
that the Attorney-General and Judge
Hayne are gentlemen who have alwavs
been my friends, and for whom I enter
tain the highest respect and affection, it is
hardly necessary for me to pav them any
fulsome compliments as to the" method in
which they have presented this case to the
court. ]iut it is certainly a source of
graiitication to all those concerned that
this great case has been presented with so
much ability and ingenuity and so much
of that p;.re instinct of gentility which
belongs to the first-class lawyer. "We are,
if the court please, to be congratulated
upon this fact.
"The truth is. in view of the fact that at
this lime, when this great debt to the
Government of the United States, t>y
means of which this National highwa\ of
the Central Pacific and Union Pacific, and
all the lines which entered into that
Bcheme at that time, were inaugurated by
the tiovernment, being considered from
the standpoint of a National highway,
and the time having come when the vast
debt which is due from' that road is about
to mature; in view of the fact that the
security by which the Congress of the
United States in its wisdom, by its various
acts from L862to 1M:'., attempted and en
deavored to secpre to the Government of
the United Slates the payment of this
debt by the sinking fund has proved al>or
ti\t>, has not turned out as expectations
seemed to warrant; and in view of the
fact that this great question as to the set
tlement of al! these facts has been precipi
tated by that and by tne decision of this
court, indorsed by the unanimous bench
of the Supreme Court of the United States,
that there was no liability upon stock
holders, it became a matter of the most
momentous importance to the Govern
ment of the United States.' .
Mr. Foots then paid his respects to the
court, referring particularly to the "pa
tience and clear mind" which Juiige Mc-
Ktiina had brought to bear upon all ques
tions coming before him.
"It is very important for us to consider
in the outset what haa actually been done
by way of legislation by this body of Rail
road Commissioners," continued the Dis
trict Attorney. "It seems to me that we
have but to turn to what are termed, and
whic.i I am willing to admit for the saue
of argument are. their legislative acts to
find that there can oe out one consf ruction
placed upon that. 1 can see no difference
whatever as to the scope and effect of
these legislative acts witli iespect to the
K per cent reduction on grain rates and the
•Jo per cent reduction as to all other mat
ters."
Mr. Foote went over the ground of the
resolution, which declared that the trans
portation rates of the Southern Pacific and
its leased lines were unjust to the shippers
of the State and that an average reduction
of 2o per cent should be made on the rates
in force since December, 1894. He defined
the position of the Pacific roads toward
the United States and the lien the latter
has on the former.
"The whole history of tli is Railroad Com
mission shows from the time when these
pledges were attempted to be exacted us
to one of the Commissioners, who says he
did not make it, «nd the oth«>r of whom
aaniits he did— from the time that polit
ical policy was inaugurated by the con
vention 01 one of the great parties of tins
State, antil the time when it was crystal
lized and consolidated into the language
of tins legislative act, there could 1* no
conclusion that a sound lawyer could
arrive at other than that the" Hoard of
Railroad Commissioners meant exactlv
what they said, and then 1 was to come
here to meet the declared issue, that these
gentlemen had undertaken to regulate a
corporation called the Southern Pacific
Company, which had leased these lines,
and valid leased lines, including the Cen
tral Pacific in this State, upon which this
Railroad Commission claimed the right
and Jurisdiction to reduce rates.
Mr. Foote argued tbat ia view of the fact
that the Government had a lien on this
property for money advanced it was not
legal to cripple agencies of the Government
by acts which impair the obligation of a
contract. He paid that any such action
was against the constitution of the Gov
ernment. The Railraod Commission in
sisted that nothing was involved in the
case but the grain rates, and upon that
theory had attempted to minimize the
scope of the suit.
Mr. Footo contended that the case in
volved the 25 per cent reduction as well as
the 8 per cent reduction.
The resolution showed that the Commis
sioners decided on an absolute 25 pet cent
reduction, and that, too. without any ex
press qualification or condition.
"What the Government insists upon is
to preserve intact its rates under the Thur
man act, nnd whether the reduction
threatened in this case is much or small
it presents a strong c:;«e for equitable in
terposition of this court. It is no answer
to the principle involved that the loss of
of a few thousand dollars only will be suf
fered by the Government. Jf the State
can reduce this sinking fund to the extent
of $3000 then it may and probably will pro
ceed to extinguish the fund altogether.
Mr. Hayne — Does not the act of the
State say "Subject to the laws of the
State?"
District Attorney Foote— Yes; but the"
whole act must be taken, together with
reference to what was then being done.
There was nothing granted bv the State of
California to this corporation but the
mere skeleton right to be a corporation,
and here was the natural purpose of Con
gress endeavoring by this legislation to
make a great National road and to fur
nish the nnewa of war by which it should
be built and to give security to the rest of
the people of the Vnite<l States that they
should have some chance for repayment.
The court— Do you consider in the
course of your argument Judge Hayne's
contention that these acts must all be
viewed with reference to the right of Con
gress to regulate interstate rommerce and
the right of the State to regulate interstate
commerce.
Mr, Foote — I say that is a false quantity.
I say tnere is nothing in the view which* I
lake that involves the question of inter
state commerce at all.
The court— Then you dp consider all the
elements of Judge Hayne's contention.
•Mr. Foote — I consider it in that light,
yes; that is the view I take of it.
Then followed a long argument between
the court and the District Attorney over
the question of State rights. At 2:30
o'clock Mr. Foote finished his argument,
after which court adjourned until Tues
day morning at 11 o'clock.
A Prominent Nevadan Succumbs
to the Dreaded Miner's
Consumption.
His Ambition Was to Help the Real
Workers of the Country — An
Honorable Career.
Hon. Eric O. Leermo, familiarly known
among his friends as "Aleck" lieerrao, for
many years a prominent citizen of Ke
vatia. died in this City recently, his mal
ady being miner's consumption, an insidU
ous and much-dreaded disease of those
who toil to develop the mineral resources
of the country.
A few weeks ago Mr. Leermo came to
this City, desiring to improve his health,
yet scarcely daring to hope that the
change of ciimate would be of material
benefit. He seemed to realize that the
doom of death was pending, for he knew
ttie nature of his disease and spoke of it
calmly as one of the frequent consequences
that may hefall the br.ive-hearted men
who delve in the depths of the great gold
and silver mines of Nevada and California.
One of Mr. Leermo's last remarks was
that those who thus risk their lives In the
vitiated atmosphere of the mines, in addi
tion to the ever-threatening accidents,
were certainly entitled to all the compen
sation that they ever received. In this
view Mr. Leermo is sustained by Bach
men as John Mackay, the late Senator
Fair, the late Senator IIear«t, Lolonal E.
D. Boyle, D. B. Lyman, R. P. Keating: and
in fact all the prominent mining engineers
and superintendents ever known on the
Pacific Coast.
Mr. Leermo was born in Norway, Sep
tember 1, 1842, and came to the United
States early in life with his father and
mother and settled in Wisconsin. He left
the family roof while a young boy and
came to the Pacific Coast in 1860. After
prospecting for gold in several mining
camps he drifted over to Nevada and
located in Gold Hill in 1864, where he was
active in the organization of the Miners'
Union of Lyon and Storey counties.
He was president of the Gold Hill Union
and at one time represented Storey County
in the Legislature.
A man of some inventive genius Mr.
Leermo spent considerable time and
money in that direction, but never real
ized anything from his inventions. They
were considered meritorious, but he lacked
the means to develop his plans.
It was one of Mr. Leermo's ambitions to
ameliorate the condition of the real work
ers of the count ry, and in this direction
he bent his energies to securing an amend
ment to the constitution of Nevada in the
interest of organized labor unions. He
was frequently prominent in political
affairs, and it is said that at one time he
was offered the appointment as Lieuten
ant-Governor of Nevada by the late Gov
ernor C. C. Stevenson.
The funeral services were conducted by
the Knights of Pythias, of which order
Mr. Leermo was an honored member. At
the grave, in addition to the touchine cere
monies of the I'ythians, there was singing
by a select choir, and an address was de
livered by Hon. George H. Morrison, who
paid an appropriate tribute to the high
character and honorable career of the de
ceased. He was buried in Cypress Lawn
Cemetery on April 20th.
The preliminary examination of Hannah
Landridge. charged with robbing Felix Bush,
a farmer from Vancouver, B. C, of $390, was
tielil before Judpe Joachimsen vestcrday. No
iK-w facts v.r.- eluitedand the )u<lge reserved
his dei-wion till to-day. This was the woman
who was the means oi throwing suspicion
upon Policeman Kourke by telling a messen
ger boy that slip had money to nivide with
nini, but the Police Commissioners exonerated
Kourke from complicity in any dishonorable
The Old Howard Presbyterian
Church Sold for a Ware
house.
HISTORY OF ITS VICISSITUDES.
Little Carpenter-Shop in 1850 That
Grew to Be a Mission-Street
Landmark.
The old Howard Presbyterian Church
that has been a familiar landmark on Mis
sion street for thirty-one years has passed
into other hanus to become a sort of ma
chine-shop and warehouse.
While the sale has not yet been made
public, it is privately asserted by members
of the church that Thomas Day & Co. are
the purchasers of that part of the prop
erty on which the church building stanus
— 78 feet front by 115 feet deep — and the
price agreed upon was $600 a front foot.
There still remains unsold twenty-two
feet front, comprising that part of the lot
devoted to the old chapel. When that
shall have been soid the proceeds will be
turned over to the building fund of the
congregation's new quarterp, consisting at
present of a large chapel near the pan
handle entrance to the park, ami which
will be ready for occupancy in about two
months. Meanwhile the congregation
will probably continue to hold services in
the old building, although the organ has
already been removed.
The history of Howavd Presbyterian
Cirirch is one of trying vicissitudes, fol
lowed by remarkable revivals, each one of
which was a timely infusion of new lite
and vigor into a declining hope.
\Y. L. Palmer, a member of the congre
gation for the last forty-four years, as the
oldest member of the church is in a posi
tion to review its record.
It was on the 19th of May, 1S50, he said,
that the first Sunday-school was held in
an old carpenter-shop on Mission street,
near Second, in a district then known as
Happy Valley. That was the nucleus of
the chu»ch itself, which was organized on
the lfith of September of the same year
with the Rev. Samuel II. Willey as its
first pastor.
On May 1, 1S64, the Rev. Mr. Willey
was pucreeded in the pulpit by the Rev.
\V. W. Martin, and he in turn was fol
lowed by the Rev. II. Brodt. In Auril,
18G5. the celebrated H. M. Scudder, D.D.,
became the pastor, and one of the earliest
events in his successful labor during six
years was the move made in 18t>5 into the
new church on Mission street, the build
ing that has now ended its usefulness as a
place of worship and has been sold lot and
all for barely more than the building cost.
Tnc original lot for the church had been
given by W. D. M. Howard, an old pio
neer, after whom Howard street was
named and in whose honor the church re
tained its name even after it was moved
from Howard street.
In 18G7 the membership had grown to
301 from fifteen communicant? in is r >l,and
the Sabbath-school enrollment was 400.
Following the Rev. Mr. Scudder came
the Revs. II. B. Carpenter and A. S. Fiske,
and during their administrations the
financial depression came and left its
gloomy shadow upon the church. The
great decline ot values precipitated the
congregation deep into debt, and in order
to avoid publicity the church property was
voluntarily turned over to the mortgagees,
and when tne Rev. Dr. Robert Macken
zie took charge of affairs in 1880 the church
was actually renting the property it for
merly owned. Through his efforts and the
more* prosperous times of 1880 and 1881 the
congregation was able to repurchase the
property and had nearly paid for it when
in 188(J Dr. Mackenzie was succeeded by
the Rev. M. N. Cornelius. The late JDr.
Hanson Irwin was also pastor and pre
ceded the incumbent, the Rev. F. R.
Farrar.
Three great turning points made the his
tory of the church — one in 188G under
Evangelist A. B. Karle, another in 1880 un
der Evangelist Dwight L. Moody, and the
third in 18U2 under the Rev. B. Fay Mills,
and each time there were large additions
to the membership of the church.
It was often remarked that the building
was unusually plain, and particularly so
with a spire so generally considered a dis
tinctive feature of Presbyterian archi
tecture. Mr. Palmer explains that there
were three considerations at the time for
this: the fear of earthquakes, the addi
tional expense of a spire ana new ideas in
architecture.
National Guard Cavalry Company of
Halinat May l'arade Ilere on
• In ly 4.
A. W. Barrett, adjutant-general of Cali
fornia, and J. Wallace Diss, major and in
spector of the First Brigade, N. G. C, re
turned from Salinas yesterday. They
inspected Captain Burke's troop of cav
alry at that place and speak in the highest
terms of the efficiency of the organization.
General 1 arrett talks of bringing the
Salinas troopers to San Francisco on July
4 next, just to give the people of the me
tropolis an opportunity of seeing what
kind of a cavalry company the National
Guard can turn out.
Major Diss says that the troop numbers
eighty men, and nearly every man owns
the horse that he rides. The horses are
not half broken-down Jivery plu^s of all
conditions and ages, bnt are active and
superb steeds. The troopers are first-class
young men of the county, and many of
them can ride like Comanches.
The First Brigade oJ the National Guard
has two troops of cavalry— this one at
Salinas and the oth»r at Los Angeles.
Funeral Services Orer the Remains of
Colonel William Barnes.
The funeral services over the remains of
Colonel William Barnes were held yester
day afternoon under the auspices of the
Society of California Pioneers in their hall
on Fourth sfeet.
John F. Pinkham, marshal of the society,
read the usual services, supplementing
them with a short address, the main feat
ure of which was:
"There is another of us gone to the great
beyond. It is unnecessary for me to dwell
upon his life and his manhood, for he was
a pioneer, and. like all who have gone be
fore him, he had the virile traits of the
hardy men who built this great State."
Rev. Dr. Case officiated at the religious
ceremony
The remains were removed to tne under
taking establishment, whenre they will be
shipped this morning at 7 o clocK"to Peta
lunia for interment.
Among those present to pay the last re
spects to their friend and okl pioneer
were: Collector of the Port John H. Wise,
ex-Collector of the Port Thomas Shannon,
William Dormer, Count Robson. George
Treat, Joseph Stewart, Gus Mellis. Mike
bmith, J. t. Day, John Crawford, Ernest
Hacquette, John Vreeland, Charles Gildea
Hon. Thomas H. Eegers, Frank H. Powell'
John Greer, Hon. Jame3 H. Lawrence,
Jack Rice, Frank W. Marston and George
Covey.
Favorable Report as to the Con
dition of Mrs. Booth-
Tucker.
Scenes of Enthusiasm at Last Night's
Salvation Mee ing in Metro
politan Temple.
Consul Mrs. Booth-Tucker is in a fair
way to recover from her recent severe ill
ness. When a man from The Call made
inquiries at her rooms at 1141 Market
street the nurse said her mistress was
resting easily, and according to the pre
diction of the physicians would soon be
able to be on her feet again.
"Praise the Lord! Hallelujah!" cried
a thousand voices, as Major Alice Lewis,
the consul's secretary, announced that the
ladywas improving In health.
"Yes, praise the Lord," continued the
lady major, "though still confined to her
bed, Mra. Booth-Tucker is getting better.
All her engagements have been postnon ed
for a week, in which time we hope to have
her among us, well and strong, and able to
fight the battle against Satan for the
world's salvation."
A strong chorus of "Hallelujahs,"
"Amens" and loud drum-beats greeted
this announcement, after which Major
Lewis continued :
'"We have telegraphed to Commander
Booth-Tucker, asking him to come to his
wife's aid, so we will have them both with
us, and we have every reason to hope for a
Pentecostal season. Brigadier Keppel's
child will be dedicated to the service of
the army as soon as the commander comes,
and we hope others may follow our dear
brigadier's examine in thus devoting his
little one to the labor of salvation."
Another burst of hallelujahs and a can
nonade of drum-beats welcomed this in
telligence.
Staff Captain Mclntyre opened the de
votional exercises with a song, being fol
lowed by Mrs. Ensign Bull, who led in
prayer.
Captain Michael Flaherty, an ex-Cath
olic, then related his experience. He said
he was first attracted to tne army by the
resonant drum, and having attended a few
meetings, made up his mind to cast in his
I lot with the organization. Two brothers,
I who were sent after him to bring him
back to his old faith, also went over to the
army, and one of them. Captain John
Flaherty, gave his experience.
A strong and impassioned appeal to the
impenitent W8s delivered by Captain
Marian Evans, who is in charge of the
Salvation Army dive at the intersection of
Sacramento and Kearny streets.
"Gathering up the Gems From the
Slums" was the refrain of a song given by
Captain Fannie Fields, and she sang it
well, the Diano accompaniment bv Mr?.
Minnie Burchard adding much to tne
effectiveness of the rendering.
Major Lewis gave some interesting paees
from her experience in India, calling par
ticular attention to the conversion of a
tire-worshiper in Bomoay. She dwelt
earnestly upon the necessity for a special
exercise of divine power within the soul
as a requisite of real conversion.
The San Francisco, Sacrameuto and
Charioteer bands, composed entirely of
Salvationists, gave a well-rendered fan
tasia of popular hymn tunes, with varia
tions, after which 'Major Fritz MalaD, an
Italian convert, spoke at some length on
the value of time and the need of repent
ance. He drew a striking word-picture of
tr.e last judgment, and in response to bis
urgent and repeated calls six persons pre
sented i themselves at the "mourners'
bench" to be prayed for. Much enthu
siasm was manifested arid the meeting
was Toted a splendid success.
Those for the Coining Season
Have Been Announced on
Shipments East.
REGULATIONS TO BE IN FORCE.
Ventilated Cars Likely to Have Advan
ta°;es in the Matter of Time
Over Refrigerators.
Although the season for shipping preen
deciduous fruits East from California does
not begin until tne end of May, the rates
and regulations regarding such shipments
have already been decided upon. They
are as follows:
IN FACKAOK8 OR IN CARS HAVING FIXED OR
TKANSIKXT CKATES FOR bAME.
I In carloads of not less than
20,000 lbs. Kates in
I cents per ICO lbs.
From shipping points "< <»•?
on the Southern Call- 1 *• a
lornia Hallway and 1 2. « £
I'aciBc system of! in 5-3
the southern Pacilicj 2 "o
Company as provld- • ■> 3*
ea below to 3 eg" •
i ■ ?; ,
: - s • "
Denver, Colo "
Springs, i'uebio,
'1 rini da a, Council
Bluffs, Omaha. Kan-
sas City, Ualvestou,
ilouston • and San
An.onio 126 200
St. Louis and New 1
Orleans 125 216
Chicago, St. Paul and
Minneapolis I 125 226
New York, N. Y. (Jer-
sey (aty delivery), .•'■•.•- : '
Philadelphia, Pa.,and
Buffalo, N. Y 150 '. 250
Boston. Mass 156 - i56
To intermediate points, or points common
with those named above, rates by freight train
will be the same.
Shipments must be released. Incase such
release is not given, or the conditions named
herein are not fully complied with, the regu
lar rate provided by the Western classification
will be charged.
The Union 1'acific system notifies all parties
that H will only take .laily by its passenger
train No. 8 not exceeding three carloads of
fruit, and that it will not take by Its passenger
train No. 2 any.
The Atehisoii system, for its line via Grand
Junction, will take daily by its passenger
trains not to exceed two cars per train.
The Rio Grande Western Railway and its
eastward connecting lines, viz.: the Denver
and Ilio Grande, Burlington and Rock Island
routes, Missouri I'aciticltailway, the Atchison
route via Grand Junction, under restrictions
as to the number of cars for latter as indicated
above, hereby notify all interested that they
will take daily by the through passenger
truins from Ogden any number of cais, re
frigeraior or other, but only when same are
equipped with passenger-car trucks and air
brake?, charging for refrigerator-cars their
proportion ot 25 per cent additional to the
rates provided herein for service by approxi
mate passenger-train time.
The carload rates named above will apply
only on shipments from one consignor at one
shipping point, consigned and to be delivered
to one consignee at one destination. Cars will
D<M be allowed to be stopped in transit at any
intermt'diutf point to complete loading or to
partly unload.
Kau-s named above apply from fruit-ship
ping points on the Southern California Kail
way and only from main iine fruit-shipping
1 1 " 1 1 1 1 s on the Southern Pacific Company's
l'acific system.
The only green fruit that will go forward
earlier than the end of May is the cherry —
thut is, the early varieties, and the quan
tity of these will depend largely on the
weather. If it remains cool there will be
comparatively few early shipments, as the
weather now prevalent has a tendency to
make the fruit grow rather than ripen.
It was explained at the office of the
Southern Pacific Company that shipments
in ventilate.! cars of that company and its
connecting lines will move under this
tariff.
Shipments in refrigerator cars of the
refrigerator companies having contracts
for the moving ot deciduous fruits will De
moved under rates arranged with the re
frigerator companies, who make an addi
tional charge for the icing and care of the
fruit in transit over and above the rates
fixed by the carriers. In ventilated cars
the minimum weignt will be 20,000 pounds
and in refrigerator cars 24,000 pounds.
The companies that will do business this
season in the refrigerating of California
deciduous fruits in transit are the Conti
nental Fruit Company, the Fruit-growers'
Express, the Santa F"e Fruit Refrigerator
Line, the California Fruit Transportation
Company and the Goodell California Fruit
Line.
Shipments in refrigerators will not be
handled by passenger trains, because under
the regulations governing the movements
of fruit on passenger trains it is required
that the cars shall be equipped for Dassen
ger service; that is. shall have passenger
couplers, air signals, and generally con
form to the Master Carbuilder's rules for
passenger trains, and refrigerator cars are
not so supplied.
Ventilated fruit cars furnished by the
carriers can run in passenger trains when
such cars are equipped for passenger serv
ice, and such cars can be furnished as a
rule on the requisition of shippers.
A Street Parade and Demonstra
tion Will Be Held This
Evening.
Followed by a Bi§ Mass-Meeting in
Metropolitan Temple— Programme
of Exercises.
The socialists all over the civilized world
will to-day (Mayday) hold a grand
demonstration.
This day was selected a lone time ago by
the socialists in the Old World as an oc
casion for the workingnian to take a holi
day and rest. In other words, the opening
of the spring, the bursting into life of trees
and buds and flowers, is a fit occasion for
the man who labors to throw aside cnre
and free himself from the fetters of toil.
Socialists, who really come up from the
ranks of the employed, took this view of
the occasion, and thus May 1 has become
not only tne laboring man's day all over
the world, bnt tlie socialists" day as well.
That it will be observed in this City has
been stated in The Call, but the principal
features and exercises will take place in
the eveninp. This matter was placed in
the hands of a committee of arrangements,
consisting of H. Warnicke, Theodore
Lynch, John Lutz, Henry Rosenblough
and H. Salendrr.
Letters inviting all laborers and unions
to participate in the exercises and parade
were sent recently, and many have an
swered that they will assist in mafcinp a
grand event in the early historv of social
ism in San Francisco.
At 7 o'clock this evening all of the so
cialist branches and the labor unions will
assemble at the headquarters at 115 Turk
street and form into a procession. The
socialists in the line will be the American,
Liberty, French, Jewish, German, Italian
and Scandinavian brandies ol the Social
ist Labor party of this City and the Oak
land branch. There will also be delegates
from San Jose, Los Angeles, San Diego,
Sacramento, Stockton and Ventura.
T;ie local trades unions which have sig
nified their intention to parade are the
Woodworkers, Barbers' Association of San
Francisco, Fraternity of Hotel and Restau
rant Employes, Bakers' Union No. 24 and
the Confectionery Bakers' Union.
The procession will start about 7:30
o'clock and march down Turk street to
Market, to Third ami Market, where the
countermarch will be made back to Metro
politan Temple. The procession will be
headed by a band, and over the column
will float the red flag of the socialists. The
latter disclaim that the crimson banner is
an emblem of blood, violence and anarchy,
and say it is the emblem of peace and uni
versal brotherhood. Hence its universal
adoption.
On arriving at the Metropolitan Temple
P. Ross Martin will assume charge of the
meeting, officiate as chairman and de
liver the address of welcome. After this
the.Social Mannercbor wili render popular
airs. This will be followed by a recitation
by G»orge Aspden.
The first speaker will be James Andrew,
and his subject will be the -'Mayday Cele
bration." A violin solo and a song by
Miss Martha Aspden will follow. The
next will be an address by Paul Grott
kau, who will give way to the musical
trio, Professors Dietz, Se'lo and Parnelie.
One of the most brilliant speakers in the
cause of universal brothernood is Mias
Jane A. Roulston. She will make a spir
ited address upon the principles to which
she is so ereatly attached — socialism, its
aims and objects. E. T. Kinesley, another
earnest worker in the cause, will also oc
cupy the platform. The conclusion of the
programme will be more music by the So
cial Mannerchor. It is expected that Met
ropolitan Temple will be tilled to the
doors.
He Discovered Selkirk, Sacked Guaya
quil, and Invented Dover's Powder.
Not many persons who have taken a
Dover's powder have any idea of the ro
mantic career of the man who gave his
name to the preparation. Professor Osier
of Johns Hopkins University, in a paper
puulished in the Lancet, tells his story.
Thomas Dover was born in Warwick
shire about itiGO, and after studying at
Cambridge, and with the famous Dr.
Sydenharu. settled down at Bristol, for
centuries the home port for adventurers,
privateers and slave traders. He was
nearly 50 when he joined in a commercial
and piratical venture with a number of
Bristol merchants. Two ships, the Duke
and the Duchess, were fitted out lor a
voyage to the south seas, from which Wil
liam Dampier, the circumnavigator of the
world, had brought wonderful tales of
Spanish riches. DamDier, who had ;
come to erief in his last expedition
to those regions, was taken along as
pilot, while Dover went as third in cony ■
mand of Captain Rogers, and appears in
his narrative as Captain Dover. The ex
pedition was memorable for two events.
On February 1, 1709, the ships arrived off
the island of Juan Fernandez and Captain i
Dover, who was sent ashore in the pin
nace, brought back with him to the ship a
couple of days later a man clad in goat :
skins, who had been left on the island lour
years and a half before. This was Alexan
der Selkirk, the original Kobinson Crusoe.
Later the expedition sailed up the South
American coast and found what it was i
seeking in the two cities of Guyaquil,
which it attacked and sacked. Dover led
the van and cured the sailors of the plague
which broke out after the capture of the
cities. After cruising in th* Pacific for
another two years for the Spanish treas
ure ships they returned to" England in
1711, having collected plunder to the value
of $850,000. Dover's share made him f\
wealthy man and left him free to wander
about the world for some years.
He settled down in London as a phy
sician in 1731, carrying into his practice
the pugnacious habits of his buccaneer's
life. To attract public attention he pub
lished his book, "The Ancient Physician's
Legacy to His Country; being what he
has collected himself in forty-nine years'
of practice designed for the use of all
private families." The book ran through
eight editions, the last apparently being
published in 1771. On page 18, on the sec
tion on gout, is given the formula for his |
famous powder:
"Take opium one ounce; saltpeter and
tartar vitriolated each four ounces; ipe
cacuanha one ounce. Put the saltpeter
and tartar into a redhot ruorlar, stirring
with a spoon until they have done (laming.
Then powder them very tine, after that
slice in your opium, grind them to a pow
der and then mix the other powders with
these. Dose, from forty to sixty or sev
enty grains in a glass of white wine posset
going to bed, covering up warm and drink
ing a quart or three pints of the posset;
drink while sweating."
The publication of the book made a great
noise and brought Dover into many quar
rels with his fellow- practitioners, who
treated him as a quack, as they did Syden
ham for that matter. He carried on "a bit
ter war against apothecaries, too, and died
in 1742. His powder is still in the British
pharmacopceia.
A statement just published shows that
of the 1SS,277,OOO tons of coal which the
mines of the United Kingdom yielded dur
ing the year 1894, no less than 42,G87,000
tons were disposed of to the foreigner.
This was by far the largest coal exporta
tion of which any country could boast,
and it was the result of a process of steady
development.
Miss Lydia Tilton, who died last week
in Hanover, N. H., at the age of 89 had
been a member of the College Church of
that place and a constant attendant at the
services for seventy-four years.
President Sylvain Weill's Res
ignation Was Given
Forever.
FRENCH SOCIETY TROUBLES.
A General Meeting Will Have to Be
Called Soon to Nominate New
Candidates.
The resignation of Sylvain Weill. as
president of the Societe Francaise de
Bienfaisance Mutuelle, followed by those
of ten out of fifteen directors Gf that insti
tution at its meeting Wednesday night, hat
thrown the French colony into a fever of
excitement.
President Weill has held that office
seven times, and thrice he has been vice
president. These honorary offices and the
fact that he was a member of the board of
directors of the society as far back as
1867, have educated the 4000 members of
the society in the State to believe that
without him at the helm, the whole thing
wouid go to pieces.
The Call in yesterday's issue gave an
exclusive account of how Mr. Weill aud
the ten directors came to resign their port
folios.
Yesterday two of the only four directors
in fifteen who did not resign were closeted
With Mr. Weill pleading with him, in be
half of the Frenchmen of this State, to
withdraw his resignation.
These gentlemen were fuil of assurances
that the other directors would follow Mr.
Weill's example in going back into the
society as they had in quitting it.
These gentlemen were Messrs. Lemoine
and Bocqueraz, and they were joined by
P. A. Bergerot, one of the men wno re
signed out who declared that he hud done
it in a moment of excitement, believing it
the best policy, but who would withdraw
his resignation.
It is well understood that, in addition
to Mr. Bergerpt's resignation, those of
Messrs. 1'ogothey and Carraine are to be
withdrawn.
It is not unlikely that Secretary J.
Deschamps will also go back into the "fold,
for the simple reason that without him
I the remaining director?, who are new in
their oilice, can hardly get along without
his aid. He reserves his right, however,
to retire as soon as the interests of the
society will be sure of protection.
Byivain Weiil was seen at his place of
business yesterday afternoon. He was
flushed with tiie excitement of standing
off his friends and advisers, who wishes
hiru to again acsunie the reins of the
society.
"I cannot accede to these requests, as
flattering as they are," he said. "I re
signed out of principle, not liorn a spirit
i of anger.
"The cause of it is plain : Drs. Brighar.i
and Boyd have served gra'.is and with the
most satis;actory results for the society
during many years. To not re-elect thorn
j was an affront the committee never should
i have inflicted upon men to whom they are
morally indebted— capable men, who have
been of inestimable benent to our organ
ization. I as president of the society re
signed because I did not want to lend my
backing to this faux pas. 1 regret that
my resignation was followed by those of
ten other directors, especially th'at some of
those who resigned were voters in favor of
Drs. De Marville and Mayer, as against
Drs. Brigham and Boyd.
"These directors, as L told them at the
time, should have had the courage of their
actions, and, having secured the election
of De Marville and Mayer, they should
have stood by their guns and not Bur
rendered.
"The only thing to do now with the
society is to call a general ni"eting, which
I wiil do in a day or so, that candidates
may be presented for election to take the
places oi the directors who have resigned.
I will not allow my name to be placed be
fore the meeting.
"I have got enough of the whole thing,
and will not again have anything to do
with the executive end of the society until
those fractious elements in it can see that
they cannot conduct the institution as
well as did the old board. ■'
It is likely that the general assembly
will be called for two weeks from next Sun
day.
Dr. Bourgognon de Marville. the newlv
elected surgeon, stated last evening tha't
he would make no changes in the person
nel of the hospital, and that it wa< not
likely that any but very minor positions
I would be shaken up a bit. The cursory
I observation he has had of the Freiun
| Hospital has impressed him with the opin
ion that it would be nard to better its ser
vice.
J. F. Mastin has filed his promised suit
against the Harbor C'ommi«.sion. He prays for
an injunction from proceeding under the con
tract allowing the stone from the Coluia quar
ries to be used, and he asks that th>- contract
be annulled and that the commission be com
pelled to use Oregon stone. The case will be
tried before Judge S.atk.Partial Adoption of the
Device on the Sun
set Route.
FREE RIDES PREVENTED
Manager Kruttschnitt the In
ventor of the Gate Now
Being Used.
ITS EFFECT ACROSS THE BAY.
Alamedans Will B? Compeled to Pay
Fares on Local Trains as the
Oaklanders Now Do.
As the re-ult of the practical and theo
retical ingenuity of General Manager
.1 ulius Kruttschnitt of the Southern Pa
. tic Company, ail the trains of this com
. re de'tineJ m all probability to
have the steps leading to the platforms of
t c rars guarded by a gate.
Aiout a year airo Mr. Kruttsehnitt took
a trip over the Chicago and Alton Railroad,
which has had the gated cars in use for
the pas: two or three years with very sat
isfactory results, and was much impressed
with the innovation and concluded to
adopt the device on the Atlantic system
on one of the regular passenger trains
running between Houston and New Or
leans, the one doing the heavy local busi
ness.
ButMr.Kruttschnitt conceived a collaps
able gate, designed to give even better re
sults than any in use, as his invention
differs from all others in that it extends to
the lowert step, thus completely closing
the entrance to the car platform, and
effectually preventing any one from jump
ing on the car while it is in motion, in
connection with the adoption of the sate
on the division mentioned a rule was put
into effect requiring all passengers to show
theix tickets before entering the cars, sim
ilar also to that in vogue on the road from
which the idea of the gate was taken.
Speaking of this innovation yesterday
Xt, Kruttschnitt said:
"It is a good thing, as seen in the er
penenoe of the Chicago and Alton road.
It keeps people who have no business on
the train off it at the stations. In the
South particularly when a train stops it is
invaaed by idlers and loafers, who go into
the cars to pet a drinfc of ice-water or t
buy a paper from the 'batcher.'
'•It also prevents accidents by doing
away with the practice of people jumping
on and off trains while they are in motion,
and furthermore it permits of greater at
tentian being given «by conductors to the
running of their trains by making the
man at the gate look after tickets, leaving
the conductor nothing to do but take the
tickets up.
'•In tde South the nuisance of people
riding on trains without having provided
theinseives with tickets has become very
great, particularly so with the negroes,
who seeui to have an inherent objection to
buying a ticket. He will never buy one if
he can help it, and trains are often delayed
while the conductor is trying to collect
fares from the darkies.
"In the sugar season a large number of
laborers— negroes and whites— are sent out
to the sugar plantations, and the negroes
will never buy tickets."
"is it not the intention to extend the
new departure to the Pacific system, and,
in fact, to all the passenger trains of the
company?" was asked.
"That," answered Mr. Krutt6chnitt, "I
cannot say at this time. This is really an
experiment ona large scale, and on its re
sults will depend what we shall do else- |
where. The litting of cars with gates is a
; matter of considerable expense, and their
i adoption also requires an extra man to
every two coaches, which, means double
the number of men now on the trains.
"Another evil with which this will do
away is the practice that manv indulge in
of riding between stations without buying j
tickets, hoping that they will not be !
noticed by the conductor until they reach
their destination. It is this idea on the
part of the negroes in the South which
gives us so much trouble.
"Now, take another view of it from the
standpoint of the traveling public. It has
been proven a great convenience to them ;
acro^ the bay. Before we put the gates
on the cars over there the coaches were
usually unduly crowded by people who (
really had no right on the train*. Now,
those who ride find things much more
comfortable.
"The matter of debarring those who
have no tickets going aboard trains is not
a new thing by any mean9 in the East.
There, where they have a pretty heavy
passenger traffic, no one is allowed in the
trainshed except those who have tickets,
and where the gate-cars are used the gate
men are simply transferred from the
station to the train."
On being again asked if it was not con
templated to introduce the pate in this
section Mr. Kruttschnitt replied that they
were now arranging to place gates on all
the trains running between Houston and
New Orleans, and when this had been ac
complished and the results appeared to
warrant it the change would undoubtedly
be made on the Pacific system also. Mr.
Kruttschnitt stated, however, that he
could not even approximate the time when
this would be done.
Among the most important effects of the
general adoption of this system will be, of
course, the complete deprivation of the
| privilege now enjoyed by the people of
Alameda of riding free on the local trains
running between that town and the Oak
land ferry landing.
He Has Been Dangerously Sick With
Pneumonia, but Is Now Better.
United States Minister Albert S. Willis
of Hawaii, who arrived here from Hono
lulu a week ago yesterday, has pneumo
nia and is quite ill. At one time his case
was reeardtd as very dangerous. Dr.
McNutt is attending him.
Mr. Willis took cold on the steamer the
day of his arrival. The next day he went
forth in the rain and caught an additional
cold. On the following morning, when he
had expected to start, he was too ill to get
out of bed, and he has been there ever
since. His wile and son, who arrived with
him, are by hia tide.
It was given out yesterday that the Min
ister's condition was improving. It will
no doubt be some time yet before he can
resume his travels. There were many in
quiries about Minister Willis yesterday.
An Italian company is now playing ''The
Taming of the bhrew" at the" Niccolini
Theater at Florence. In the Italian trans
lation the play is entitled "La Bisbetica
Domata." In order, however, to attract
the English and American residents and
visitors, large placards are posted announc
ing [Shakespeare's "Tamed Shrew." — Lon
don News.
Miss Lillian Ashley Arrives
From Pasadena Ready
for Court.
WHAT SHE SAYS ABOUT IT.
The Big Trial for $75,000 Damages
Will Begin Before Judge Slack
Next Monday.
Miss Lillian A. Ashley of Pasader.a, the
young woman who is suing Millionaire E.
J. Baldwin for $76,000 for basely deceiving
her, was among the arrivals here yester
day. She has come to consult with her at
torneys, preparatory to the beginning of
the trial on May 4.
Crittenden Van Wyck have the case
in hand for her, and Lloyd & Wood and
Henry E. Highton are going to do all they
can to assist gay Mr. Baldwin to hold on
to his ducats. It will be recalled that
some months ago, when he filed an answer
to Miss Ashley's preliminary suit, he al
leged that his reputation was so notorious
around the country as a Lothario that it
should have been impossible for him to
.have deceived any lady by any sort of
specious argument. This was one reason
why he thought he ought to hold on to j
the $75,O(tO, or any other sum Miss Ashley |
might desire.
Apparently the young lady does not feel
in the njood to grant the millionaire's re
quest, however, and she thinks she can
j make a showing that will not add laurels
j to the erstwhile lucky man's position.
Wuen seen yesterday Miss Ashley was
just setting forth on matters pertaining to
i her case. Sue appeared as a rather tall
j young woman, with dark eyes, a high,
I rather intellectual face and dark hair. Her
manner is modest and retiring.
"My attorneys have asked me not to be
interviewed or go into the details of the
case," said Miss Ashley. "The trial will
begin almost at once, and will, i hope, be
carried through without delay."
At the office of Crittenden Van Wyck
it was stated that the trial would open
on May 4 and that an order had been
made for the 25th in&t as the time for the
direct interrogations, thug giving both
principals time to file their bills of ob
jections. H. C. Cbamblin and K. Y.
Harder will have to do with that part of
the business.
The trial, which is to begin before
Superior Judge 5?lack on Monday next, will
no doubt attract great attention. Baldwin
is so well known and the sum sued for of
so large size that throngs are sure to
attend. The young lady is by no means
devoid of attraction and she will doubtless
arouse deep interest.
Most of the testimony will be by deposi
tion. There have been several taken,
aggregating several hundred pages. The
deposition of Miss Ashley herself is spread
over four hundred and fifty pages. It prom
j ises to be a notable suit. ,
Zeigler and Green Are Still Growling
Over Referees— The Men In
Good Condition.
This evening the Olympic Club wiil take
possession of the Mechanics' Pavilion for a
few hours.
Tbe grand fistic exhibition of which so
much has been said and written will be
held under the auspices of the club, and ac
cording to all appearances an immense
crowd will witness the contest.
Zeigler has strongly objected to every
man who has been named by the Olympic
Club for referee. The other boxers who
will take part in the evening's entertain
ment have entered no objections against
the clubs selecting a referee whose duty
it will be to decide all bouts according
to the good or bad performances of the
contestants.
Zeieler is afraid that the Olympic Club
cannot select from its members a man who
will not show some partiality to a club
representative in a boxing bout, conse
quently he bot>es that Manager Kennedy
will select some person who is not a mem
ber of the Olympic Club for referee. Ken
nedy will make his selection to-day, and,
according to his own way of putting it, it
must go rain or shine.
The first event— a 10-round "go" between
Zei^ler and Green— will be called at 8:30
sharp. This will be followed by four six
round bonta, all of which promise much
excitement to the spectators.
Strange Word Left by a Suicide in th«
Park.
To the already Jong list of suicides is
added that of a man in the old 40er's
raining camp in the park yesterday even
ing.
The body was found by A. Johnson of
the Bay District trade at 8 p. m. The
body lay full length in some shrubbery.
It was evident that the man was about 45
years of age. His height was 0 feet and
he possessed dark hair ana a heavy, dark
mustache.
Near the body lay a barkeeper's apron,
on which was embroidered the initials,
"O. W. H." Tiie suit he wore was a cut
away of a dark material.
Several small scraps of paper lay near
the body. On examination they prove<i
to form "a note, which read as follows: "I
can feel the poison working. I have noth
ing to live for. My wife is a good woman,
but obstinate. I am dying beautifully."
Professor Syle'» Lecture in Lincoln
School on "Great Books."
The University of California has been
giving a course of lectures to the Hieh
School and graduating grammar classes of
the Lincoln Evening School of this City,
and tne last one for the term, delivered
last evening by Professor M. 1). Lyle, A.M.,
on "Great Books," was eminently pleas
ing^ to teachers and students.
The other lectures were by Dr. Lewis,
physicist; Professor I'lehn, "History and
Sociology"; Mr. Arme«, "Rhetoric."
The "university faculty deserve the
tnanics of Principal McDonald and the
Board of Education on behalf of the even
ing classes. The public can get acquainted
with Professor Syle through his book,
"From Milton to Tennyson," and his play,
about to be presented at the Columbia
Theater, this City.
Secretly Carried on in This Country
During the Crimean War.
In the North American Continent the
spirit of adventure is strong. During the
Crimean War I was an attache at the
Washington legation, and as this was
about forty years ago, I do not suppose
that I am disclosing secrets in saying what
then occurred. We received orders to re
cruit a force for the Crimea. This was a
fad of Lord Paninore, who was then War
Minister.
Sir John Crampton. our Minister, vainly
wrote to explain that this might get us into
trouble witn the United States Govern
ment. The only reply was an order to
obey. So we did. I was sent to New York
to look after the recruiting there. We had
a ship In the harbor and we found no
difficulty in filling it. A recruiter got $5
per man, and the man $5, accompanied
with many promises of good things.
When the ship was full it was sent to
Novia Scotia, where we had as
Governor an old soldier with the
reputation of being able to knock any regi
ment into shape. The Government of the
United States soon got wind of our pro
ceedings at New York, and at Niagara,
wnere we had a Hungarian employed to
slip recruits across the frontier. The re
sult was that the members of the legation
at Wastiington and the Consuls at New
York and one or two other places received
their passport?. What particularly amused
me was that the Consul at New York had
had nothing to do with the matter.
But we hau elaborated a far grander
scheme. We had found a sort of filibuster
ing general, who had agreed to provide us
with several thousand men, who were to
be recruited In Texas and the adjoining
Southern States. These were to be com
manded by the general. The negotiations
went off because while we were prepared
to give him the local rank of general in the
Crimea he insisted upon beine made what
ne called a full general in the Britisharmy.
To this we could not assent.
I never could discover what became of
my New YorK recruits. They were landed
in Nova Scotia, and soortly afterward the
Governor telegraphed that they had re
belled, and that tie was going to take steps
to reduce them to a fitting state of dis
cipline. This was the last heard of them.
The Governor was somewhat of a dun
dtrheaded man. We wanted (I forget
why) to have a ship sent from Nova Scotia
to Jamaica. We had a cipher dictionary,
but I could not rind the word Jamaica in
it, bo I telegraphed ttie code words for
"jam" and "acre." Thii was too much
for the Governor's intelligence. Again
and again he telegraphed to ask where the
ship was logo; again and again I tele
graphed back referring him to the code
words for '•jam"— "acre." Finally we had
to send a messenger with a letter.— London
Times. _
In 1S91 it was decided that the appoint
ments in the British Foreign Office should
be interchangeable with attacheships in
the diplomatic service, and the entrance
examinations were then made the same.
The limits of age are 19 and 25, and the
nomination rests with the Foreign Secre
tary. The scheme of examination em
braces French, German, Spanish, Portu
guese, Russian, Latin, and tne History of
Europe. In 1*92 shorthand was added by
direction of Lord Rosebery, then Foreign
Secretary. The examination in modern
languages is of a very seaching character.
Vacancies are few — about four annually —
and an examination fee of £6 is demanded.
Attaches receive no salary until they serve
two years; then they take the place of
third secretaries, with a salary of £150.
Second secretaries receive £H00 to £500,
while commercial attaches get £1000 to
£1300.
The prospects of clerks are excellent, for
the diplomatic service comprises 132 mem
bers, and £1000 is by no means an uncom
mon salary. There are twenty-six Minis
ters with "salaries running from £1250 to
£6000, while those of Embas3adors vary
from £5500 to £9000 a year. It is note
worthy that the British Embassadors now
at Washington and Constantinople re
spectively commenced their careers as
junior clerks in the Foreign Office.—Cham
bers' Journal.
Mormon Missionaries Who Are
Bound to Samoa and
Tahiti.
ALL OF THEM ARE YOUNG MEN.
It Is Their Life Work, They Say, and
They Wi 1 Never Come Back
But to Visit.
A delegation of enthusiastic Mormon
missionaries arrived here yesterday and
are at the Russ. The missionaries consist
of A. P. Hitchcock of Richmond, Utah;
David Neff, A. R. Curtis and Jerry C.
Curtis of Salt Lake, and William McDer
mott of Clifton, Idaho.
They are all young men and are bound
to Samoa and Tahiti to labor among the
natives. Messrs. Neff and Curtis will go
to the latter place by the first sailing ship,
and all the others to Samoa on the Mari
posa to-day. None of the young Mormons
have ever done any foreign missionary
work.
"We believe we can do some good to the
natives of those islands, said one of them.
| At any rate we are willing it. Our
church already hasmissionariesthere, who
have met with success.
"The lirst thing we will do will be to
learn the native language. We have books
printed in our publishing-house in Salt
Lake suitable to the needs of the
aboriginees. We will study these books
with them, and I doubt not we will get
along very well.
"In all probability we will stay awav
several years before we can even see this
country again. This is our life woric. We
do not expect to ever give it up."
The young men all aeem imbued with
the responsibility of this undertaking and
are destined to make the most of it.
Council May Fence It Up to Save Male-
ing Kepaira.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— The Coun
cil is wrestling with the problem which is
presented by the Eighth-street bridge over
the estnary to East Oakland. It has been
declared unsafe, and yet it is used by an
electric line and the public at large. The
Finance Committee lias decided thaj it will
be cheaper to fence up the street entirely
than to pay some big damage awards.
There are no funds available this fiscal
year to make the necessary repair3. Street
Superintendent Miller considers this the
proper thing under these circumstances,
as th<« city would be very liable to get
into some big damage suits if the bridge
was not immediately repaired or closed.
City Attorney Peirsol was instructed to
look up the law as to whether the city bad
power to fence up the tracks of an electric
line, as would have to be done if the bridge
was fenced. He will present a resolution
to the Council Monday night in accord
ance with his findings.
The bridge carries the 30-inch water
main of the Contra Costa Water Companv,
and the company is now taking the pre
liminary steps to remove it to the Twelfth
street dam. This move is in accordance
with a recent resolution of the Council.
A horse belonging to the Western Meat
Company was so seriously injured on the
bridge recently that it had to be killed.
There is now a bill before the Council for
$ti'JO. Another big break is reported in
the old structure, but the floor will be
patched so as to stand until the necessary
legal steps can be taken to close it to all
traltic.
Congregational Seminary,
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— The annual
commencement of the Pacific Theological
Seminary will be heid to-morrow. The
following programme will be carried out:
Address, A. P. Alexander, "Reflex Influence
on the Local Church; an Active Interest in
Missions."
Address, Alfred Bayley, "Influence of Chris
tianity for Civilization."
Address, J. M.Lewis, "Christ and the Novel."
Annual institutional address, Rev. W. F.
Day, P.D. , of Los Angeles.
Presentation of diplomas and address to the
president, Dr. J. K. McLean.
At 2 p.m. an ecclesiastical counril will con
vene for the examination of John M. Lewis as
candidate for ordination to the ministry. It
is expected that the public exercises of ordina
tion will take place at 3 :30, and will consist of
the following principal parts:
Ordaining prnyer, Professor George Mooar.
Kight hand of fellowship, Rev. W. D. Wil
linint-, ]).l>., of San Krancisco.
Charges to the new minister with general
address, President J. K, McLean.
Will Take Their Medicine.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 20.— A meeting
of the members of the suspended Lyon
Post, G. A. K., was held last niirht, and it
was practically decided that the best thing
to do was to wait quietly till the ninety
days were up, and then to commence
again and forget about the recent troubles.
A committee of two was appointed to con
sider the turning out of the members on
Memorial day. Thev cannot parade as a
post, so they will probably appear as an
independent body of veterans.
Daughters of Liberty.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 29.— Ookland
Council No. 3, Daughters of Liberty, will
give their next monthly entertainment
and dance at Washington Hall, East Oak
land, to-morrow. The principal feature of
the entertainment will be a farce comedy,
which will be rendered by the ladies and
gentlemen of the council. Icecream and
cake will also be served.
Board of Trade Officers.
OAKLAND, Cat.., April 30.— The newly
elected board of directors of the Oakland
Board of Trade met to-day, with M. J.
Keller in the chair, and elected officers as
follows: J. P. Taylor, president; H. O.
Trowbridge, vice-president ; George B. M.
Gray, treasurer, and Craigie Sharp Jr.,
secretary. The latter was elected a dele
gate to the State Board of Trade. Steps
wiil be taken to establish a permanent
exhibit of manufactures and products of
the county.
Nonsuit Denied.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 30.— The plain
tiff in the case of J. W. Tompkhis and
wife against George S. Montgomery, the
Salvationist, closed their case and a
motion for a nonsuit was denied. The de
fense is now putting in its case. Mrs.
Tom pk ins wants $30,000 damages for in
juries received in a runaway of a four
borse stage claimed to be the line of the
defendant.
Drilling Firemen.
OAKLAND. Cal., April 30.— Chief Fair
of the Fire Department is doiug all in his
power to increase tiie efficiency of the
men under him and is being met half-way
by them. He has instituted a system of
house drills, consisting of familiarizing
the men with their work.
» ♦ ■»
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— Residents
of Berkeley on University avenue are con
sidering a proposal to transform the street
into a beautiful boulevard. The avenue is
one of the longest and straightest thor
oughfares in the town, stretching from the
university crounds to the bay. It is pro
posed to line the avenue with shade trees
and have it kept in first-class condition
for a driveway. The work of planting the
trees could be done by the town if favored
by voters, and it is probable that at the
next general election the proposition will
be submitted to the people.
Dr. Watson's Visit.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— Dr. John
Watson of Queen's College, Kingston,
Canada, who is to be the guest of the
Philosophical Union of the university, and
who will deliver several philosophical ad
dresses before that body, is expected to ar
rive in Berkeley to-morrow morning.
Dr. Watson will speak in the new First
Presbyterian Churcu on Monday evening
on "Philosophy From Descurtes to Lieb^
nitz," and on Tuesday evening on "Kant
and Absolute Idealism." He will be the
cuest of Professor Howison while in Berke
ley.
Berg May Go Free.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— The case
of A. Berg, formerly of tne Acheson Hotel,
who is cnarged with violating the liquor
ordinance, will probably be dropped as a
result of the failure of the prosecution in
the case of Doran. The witnesses against
Berg are the same individuals who were
placed on the stand at the trial of Doran,
and as they refused to give the testimony
expected of them at that time, it is pre
sumed that tlieir evidence will also be
worthless in the hearing of Mr. Berg, who
is charged under circumstances similar to
those of Doran.
Woman Suffrage 'Workers.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30. — Mrs.
Eleanor Carlisle and Mrs. R. P. Thomas
of the Citizen Suffrage League of Berkeley
are endeavoring to organize a woman
suffrage society in West Berkeley. I tie
proposed to establish a West End branch
of t he Berkeley League.
"Love for Love."
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— The uni
versity student theatrical company W'.ich
produced Instructor L. D. Syle's adapta
tion of Conereve's "Love lor Love," at
Shattuck Kali, two weeks ago, will present
the play again next Saturday evening at
the Columbia Theater, in San Francisco,
as a benetit for the English department
library of the university.
A Prussian General Who Won a Victory
Without Knowing It.
The allies were holding their own with
difficulty toward Kulin, when suddenly
appeared on the sky-line of the moun
tains to the north the head of a column of
troops. They w ore blue coats and shakos,
and the French at once sent ud loud
cheers, for they looked upon the new
comers as the relief sent by Napoleon. So
they attacked more furiously than ever.
But soon smoke appeared upon the moun
tainside and artillery commenced to play
against the rear of Yandamme's little
army, and the French realized that in
stead of comrades they had Prussians
making an attack upon tbeir rear.
It was the corps of General Kleist, on
his way from Dresden, who was taraily
joining the allies by way of Nolleiuiorf.
When Vandamme saw that his retreat was
threatened, he at once attacked Kleist's
Prussians with all the force he could spare,
still facing the Austrians and Russians,
who now had an easy tight of it. The
allies had a decided advantage in cavalry,
and they soon surrounded the French, so
that Vandamme's only hope was to
breaK through where Kleist Darred the
way.
And so well did Vandamme right that
Kleist, who did not know what was going
on among the Russians and Austrians,
thought himself beaten, and sent a mes
sage to that effect. His men were carried
away along with the wreck of Vandamme's
army, and that nL-ht French and Ger
mans lay down in the woods about Kulm,
completely exhausted, each iti doubt as to
the result of the battle. Both sides agreed
not to tight any more, but to become pris
oners next morning of whichever side
proved to have won the day. Next morn
ing the news was known that Vandamme
had been captured, along with 10,000
Frenchmen and a long list of cannon and
other trophy.
Nobody was more surprised than Kleist
himself. He had seen nothing of the bat
tle excepting disorganized Prussians right
ing impotently, an then being carried
away amidst a stream of fugitives- He
had stumbled upon the scene at 10 o clock
in the morning; had been attached and
had got decidedly the worst of it. He rode
despondently to his tiijrht quarters at Ar
be>au after the day's work was done, and
confided to an intimate friend that he ex
pected to be tried by court-martial for
failing to cut his way through the French,
and thus joining the allies. His despon
dency was heightened, no doubt, by the
consciousness that i>e had not in hh de
feat dode anything»to relieve the military
• fame of his country. He considered his
career as ended. What, then, was his sur- |
prise to be waked in the middle of the [
night to be told that he was tie winner of !
a glorious battle, that he fad been the
savior of hi* country, and that his King
proposed cloti.ing him with splendid
honors.
Poor Kleist thought it all a dream or a
joke. But it all came true. He was made
a Count Kleist of Nollendorf, and triven a
splendid estate worth three hundred
thousand thalera. He has a grand monu
ment in Berlin, equal to that of Scharn
horst or Stein.
Vandamme, on the other hand, had
made an excellent fight of it; had counted
upon the assistacce of Napoleon, which j
never came, and been defeated. The Czar I
sent him to Siberia, and had him trans
ported like a hiphwaymRn, exposed at
every posthouie to the hootings of the
mob. «
Such are the fortunes of war. — Poultney I
Bigelow, in Harper's Magazine for April. I
The real hero of the town is a 13-year-old
boy who lives in Price Addition. His
mother is dead, and there is quite alarge
family of young children, yet he keeps
house for his fattier and takes care of his
brothers and sisters, and does it well. He
can cook and wash dishes as well as any
girl of his age in town, and he finds time
to raise a garden, too. His brothers and
sisters are devoted to him, and mind him
as they would their mother.— Atchison
Globe.
An Insane Man Turned Away
From the Receiving Hcs
pital.
JUDGE SANDERSON'S OBDER.
I. G. Fredrickson's Friends Finally
Appealed to the Court for
Assistance.
It took an order of court signed by Supe
rior Judcre Sanderson to get I. Q. Fredrick
son, a man whose mental condition ren
dered it necessary that be should be
restrained, into the Receiving Hospital
yesterday to await an examination by the
authorities as to his titness to be at large.
Fredrickson's friends have noticed for
several days that his actions were strange,
and yesterday they came to the conclusion
that his mind was unbalanced and that
he should be taken care of in some secure
place until he either recovered or was de
clared insane.
He was accordingly placed in a hack
and conveyed to the Receiving Hospital,
where the physician in charge was re
quested to admit him until he could be
taken care of elsewhere, the representa
tion being ma'le that he was likely to in
jure himself or others if not kept in re
straint. The answer was that the hospital
was full and that the man must be taken
to some other institution. In vain the
friends who were caring lor Fredrickson
expostulited. The physician was obdu
rate, and the man, who was becoming
violent, was taken to the City Prison, his
friends not knowing where else to leave
him. Here he was put into an ordinary
cell, the prison furnishing no other ac
commodations, and those who had inter
ested themselves in his behalf hurried off
to ascertain what course to pursue to hav«
him properly earea for.
An attorney was consulted and he coun
seled calling on the Superior Court. Judge
Sanderson was indignant when he learned
of the refusal of the Receiving Hospital
authorities to admit Fredrickson.
"Draw up an order of court directing
the physician in charge to admit this man
immediately," he said, "ana I will
sign it."
Within a few moments Fredrickson's
friends had procured the order and were
back at the prison, where two stalwart po
licemen were keeping a sharp watch on
the man to prevent his injuring himself
by dashing his head against the iron bars
or stone wall- of the cell.
The Receiving Hospital people made no
further objection to receiving Fredrickson
when the order of court was presented to
them, and he was made as comfortable as
the circumstances would permit. It is be
lieved that Fredrickson's aberration is not
of a permanent character, and that with
proper treatment he will recover within a
short time.
An effort will be made 10 have Judge
Sanderson join with Judge Kebbard in
trying to induce the Supervisors to make
proper provision for insane patients at the
Receiving Hospital.
Among women it is always considered
good manners to go around to the back
door of a neighbor's hou^e when on a bor
rowing errand, to the side door when on
an informal visit and to the front door
when making a formal call. — From the
Atchison Glob-.
Pine Knot is the highest place in Ken
tucky, 1428 feet.
1112
SUMBIAltY OF THK MAKKETS.
Fruit crop estimated at 40% damage."
l{nisi!i8 ; i>eitiK boHsiit.up. ;.-'•'., :"■ : ••'•'
Mexican Dollars tower '.-•.'.'.;.! ;•'.•: "'-.'": : "■•".
Funk (.'Searings ''■[ ;•-. •; -. -." - • ' ; ' •; •'
Silver u:i«ii:nn;/-(i. \' ;'.- :'-•'.";-"■.."• •;•'.'••.: • /■
\Vhf;al,^uH ja^'dheasy.. .';•■ "•,';'••:■.- : .V- •'■•': ■.■•:'.■
feed i*:ir!ry ii< id lii?her» ': '■'"•.":.•. '=:" ' * "•". .
Oats.<iu:et. : ..'Corn.cIult''- •■.; : ■'■ ,' ■•;'■ .' " '■••
FwediPiflsruncJiunged'. ■'.'•:'■...•.■.•• ';■ . •• )■■■■ ' ■••••.
Cominon;ila>; ; vi-ry weak. *■•'..:■.■. . •
Beans neglected: . ■/'; '•.■ '■';
Heavy-arrival?! of -'Potatoes.' ■•; . ; •"' . •
New. iniious'-lowiT. • -. : '-' : ".''£'*'■' •: .'
Greeii Peas :andi-trinij- Beans In heavy supply.
larger receipts. of Butter. •'.■••.. ' .. ■■; ■ .. :..-
Cheese'.andKggs going down.' ■ ' '. '•'. • •' : '
Poultry about the some.. : . ':".• ■ ■ v V>v"-j
Blackberries iti. from Southern' California. •;" ■
Cherriesl/lQweiv; '■■;"-■-".•.•.:.-■•...■'■• ••;.■■
Citrns. Truits: unchanged-. ■.. : .-- \>' ■,' -., -. ■ -
Provisions ujiilistBrbed.'-...' "•'■. ••'■ ' .'I ..- ..■•'•'.••.
Hides and '.Wool Vjuiet.;/- --Vv^'-V ''■ : -. ':'■.' ■ '
■inc. arrow ji:«8 wtin wind. The top.;ngi;res
" »' stationlndiraM- maximum ; r.. r--fur-ihe:
days; •.those . ur.J-r: e-.rh- it; if any. i!.- •-.Kmni of
: raintall, of me 1 :.e-d . ■»• o Sv-iiil m-ties . ami fill t <1 red t i: •<; '
. during the pas: tw • lye.; hours. :-.'] sobarS., wr- : sn'.kl '■■.
lines, coirnict points ■ ■p.fv.wj.ya'.^air'-. in-<-ir.' s ■■'
.therm*, or du;t^d :l!nv«; : .V(iiuii : ;>-n'iivriitari»/;;.'.lliV.'
word means high larome.tno r | ri«-.ure.aiad : ;.
■lB^.tislrMly•. : ..iviinipan:wl :^by^fair.•»'e'a:ll«•'.r:■■■' : ••low"
; rtt?r3.,io I'rt-sMirf. h!ui is u>iiat]y preceded
and : ;acconip..'n!» il' by : eVu !v we*Mier*an<i ra;ns;
"Lows" usually firs!, ».■; ..r on the Washington
COAst, '..'AVbi u the ■pros lie •< men in th? lriterioi
: and: low alaag: the c.i.is . iuitl thi- isobars .exit 1
north and south alone ib'\.coa«t.:rain is probable ;V
■but when t he. -low"' is ; inclosed with isobar*; of.
marked curvature; rain so nh 01 Oregon' is unprob
.able. ...With arliich" in ilift vie nUv of !d.i!iO,Hn;i"
• the. jiressure. falling to. the< coast, warm r :
weather may .be expected .in summer' and colder
weather In winter., .The re "verse or these condition*
»ill produce an opposite result. ■ ; ';.;-.. .:::';■ ;.;.-.- : -. ■;■:'■-:';.■
■•-•■VAVKATH t B 15 U KK A U REPORT.
■ ('NiTr.i> States Department of A«Rirn
t;rk, Wf.athkb BlBKAf. HAS VPRAXcisCoV,
■■Aiiril'36'^lS9tfi ; !5." -> p. J*. — Weather conditions and
general';, forecast •■'l-.iffj/' •.:'••.■":} ; 1 ;•'■'? ':.•■■/-. ■■.,'.■':'.'•■• ■"■-*,
• following lire : the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of the same date last »ea-';.
son: : Eureka;. 43. 6.3/ last s.-ason -10.64: Red Buff
20.21, last season 2H.03: -vui Francisco 20:33,
last seasoD '_'5.l0: : Frt;.s:i6S.ltJ, last . season ; 14,16;
!-an Luis Obiapp 17.6'J, ia,i season -J5.57: : l.os An-
geles '■ 9.06. last season 15.91: San Meso 5,90, last
season, 12.01 : Yuma 88. last season 3.01; .■■'::..::
••■ The following maximum temperatures are- rer';
ron»d from stations in "California durwn: the.past'.
twenty-four hours: : tturcrka 50. Ked Bluff. 60,;. s-an':
>ran(-i»co : .56..> ; r»'sao 68. ..-an Luis Ohispt) 60, Los
Angeles 70.' : San DieRO tW t Yn m a '-.: '-: . i '■'■'■''■" . < "i
■■..■ -an Kraneisco data— .Maximum .temperature 56,
minimum 46. mean 51- ■\'~"\<'.~.' : £--\. ■ ":' : ;
■ 1 he pressure Is hmhest this" eveninR the-'
Central California toast and ; in Vtali, and lowest
in the Missouri Valley 1 and on the Washington
coast. Rain la fulling : frorirthef-xtrpmp; unit i> rr
portion of California n orth wan!. Fair . weather
.HtiU continues throughout CaHfurnia except; in. the
eitreme. north portion. - 'v' ;
.-..- Forecast made, at ■:■ an Francisco; for. thirty hours
ending midnight. May 1. 1S9»3:
.;. Northf-rn t'alifornia— Fair in the. so-nh portion:
I an.v cioudy In the nor:hern portion, »nd. rain in
the extreme northwest portion Friday: brisk
sou herly to westerly; winds in the north portion. y
■ southern CahlorniE— Fair Friday: fresh north
. west winds. •;:•.': \'.:~y? ';,-■,' V •:.'."■■;!" ■■':■':. ?'] .'■•'■ "■• : .v... : -"e:;
■ ■ Nevada— Generally fair except showers in the
extreme north por.Jon Friday. 1 ./- ■■'■:'■ '■■:•'■'{ "r:-\: [ /;^Jl
'■'. :'■■ rir.h — Fair Friday.:: ■:.•-..'/■.■. ... ; -- ■'•'••-'.* \'- :
■ . Arizona— Fa r 1 ; .: : . : -:-' : :"' . y-'i-'r ''.'-';':;■,:'.■.:•. ''"'■;'.■.
■'•■.■.'San vicinity— Probably partly :
cloudly Friday ; brisV w>--r".. U> southerly winds.
..'.:■ . . : v ,':••• -.W.j.Hi HamM'.n. Kor«ca»t ; ,Uflii;tai.'. ■■
NEW VOItk MARKETS
.. ■•..--• .•■• Fiiiaiu ial. • ■. ■■:•.-- ;:.::;•.
■ '■■ N F.V YORK. N. Y., April 30-Thn stork mar
ket T\ as; a very (am« again' to-ilav. The
volume of business, was small, and the changes as
a rule confined within narrow limits. v>-. fter com
paratively steady oiji-iiing the : bears male a derii
onstratioii against.tnejma.rke.t;. an 1 : succeeded in
hrifurin? aoout a decline of Vi 'O V- per c<?nt. The
hears used the telic aboui ini;«, i. liiii. h- avy sliip
nn-msoi' sold against the market, but thejr raid'
brought Piitvery little lone .-iicck aiid in theaftiT^
noon the early hellers turned buy tr^.,"; ;T|>e : creat
es' contest was over which was so>i down '
:to lj'j^ 4 soon at" er the opening. When the s lions
.attempted tocov«r:he stocSc ros« rapHly t6.li'3 : 4
and 'h'- supply on th« way : up was «mall. .: '. r .
:• Amertcan.Tobacro : ros-' tmni :7is.'s to 72 vj-,;rei. :
acted to 713.;, null close lat 4 . fhi a.o » ;;»'< .]••
veloped renewed strength, :8s high a.-. 7' '3
and closing a- 69*4- The '•niters left off within
:li ia" s percent ol las' hiiilit's prices. ' A.mons; the
speiialtles Mi-tropo it.'in Traclioii :junit>ed 'i. !>>
II 7 l /2.': -Tii'e r:;'I riL- was ii-li:. ; >i.i|.inenn *).f.e6ia.
• by Sat urday'.ii:St earners are still Indefinite.. i>ppci:
la.ron: closed firm.- in tone, Total .sales werr
: li&.500i>lja res : ; 'N ••' chanj es as a rule show gains-"
.•'Of '/'j, to - ; 4 per ren 1 .. - :.■-■.■-. ..-....•..,--:. .-:..
•■ :■• Bonds were; duU and easier;' ; ihe sal»-s footed up'
(931,000. At(liisoii>». ;r)tid-< 1 l.ii:ss A "< -erMfii-.-it. B fei]
1 to "JO 1-2; L'hlc;ii;'u »n 1 Nortliern raciiic cer
tllicates,: 1 to "i^/2 : .L"uisyi!lJ-. New ; Albany and'
Chicago genera) si. i:< 8 to 7:5: st;.;i,ouiH snii san
I- ranoisco second 6's, ci a vs i!; 2 1> 2 to 1 1 5 ;■ do. Class
; <:,-'. '£ to 115: ■■dp,;-'c.>ii«ii>!!d.ti.-fi"!/s;^l ; .'>,Vto.'-3'2;-»n ; 'l :
North* -in I'.., ,t: ' . ■ :i.l -rr ;.. 1 >;■.,:.;<>. TJ : «Vf-.TUiV.
hois Central :- ' ■>'-■ '* to 104 U in ' t.o.veriiuient
• (•oii'ls f 42,000 caii : poii-4.'s:oi: 19"J5 'brOUisht :118 3 i"
, and $1500 do roister, i 11 7 ' 4 . .;
■•■ruiiK ■ ' ■■•■.•" ■ ■' ■ '-■' ■ : "'
:■'. ri.<iTi:- Diili. easy; in. ; r. wheat, low (jrades, 1
S'J •_M)-.'d:i: do fairto faiu-v, ..-•_• -vH'r :i. 85: do pat rri is.'
$S9( j»420: Minnesota '. l.-.ir.' ; : .*£'S0fc.:vl.5: ■• do
:- straits, 5 '3feX St»::.:,.dovpat.«iV!s;:..*3-v'.45r*4. > ;.V'.' low'
grade exti s •'.' i'<);.!:i:<ity mills;' 1iim.1 '.'0: do.
patents. .• i ; -Oc. l ."■(!. rye' rr. i x t n r«\ .i .-<ii?i()fn :vy.d:
siipertine. -f J'.'.-' 36 :<•■■, $2@2 ip.'i ><;>.iuhV-rti:-ti6ut
'. dull. ■■;• steady : '. .1 . r;. :.•..'..■. •., -,;• Vitras, .•f'i:.4(>fe3.i'
pood u. crhoice di ,ja'j» :;.' : j'.A-e Hour, *-.;
•_■ HO."Btick\vbeai'-:flo-.ir.$l ■■ L.20 '■■-:.■.•;..,■' '^
CKWHl-.A I 1' i42c /: ;'.. ~ : :,. ;•".. '; ;,;/.;: ;::■•■.:
:>: » TlRXMK AL- Qn ■ v yellow Western, $2.
226: liw!:<ly.w:-t,i : ; .■<-' L'o. -. -.^v.^.- ',\*,.-- ..--r,-;
:'■ I'.'i 1. -. No i'.iuai.;:..\Ve».t.<'rii, -451 1 'a,4')'" StAte
4 V2&47c;v : '. •,-'.■•■;•..;■.';■.:■.;•..■•;■. ;'v >;••", ■■-■■.■■■..i::.".:'-.':.V'-'.-r':
:..' : ' BAKLkY— -Qu.ic-t -:'-"-ii.ii«rn !• d , ; <-r-. :;Ciu41<- ?
v. HI a I - :. nrnier. ?. o. »• . :>•■'„■■' : ' ; ■ • v,.
bngrndea led; 6t)^>l ■'•: .v>. ; -i:-vN<,rV> -.nV,^ ..: rn ; -i«; :
air.-. ' *
;-.. Options--actiy>. : ;-^fM5-iii:/.'l.ir.ui;':'ii...:^,fir.i,r-';.V!'va.nc'<- : :
on, foreign, buylne. 'hivher Wipsi :l:riil cuyenircs:
and- .reported .de.tiiap.; i<i i's.jt.aiii.sh-.'-rro.'fi. ;■■ Li/il-v.i'.i't.iri.'
M-hw most ac^y<-..--N-i^;;.2^:ri"-.l^.: -Miiy.-.'-an- !':':;! iilV v '
. •7i)S/ t( : .Inn , ~i)y..r; beptember. 70- < 1 . ■ peceiu
• lw-r. .7214c-.' :'V: :•.•■..■...■-■;.■-■-■.■■ '-WV. ■.;'.-;.'..\-' : ;:.' ■{.■•■:.;.••:■.•.• ■.'.■'.i,',.':"..v.
: . i'.K.n — l»uH; firm. No. 2, ;+:,:'. g r tlevator
' 363/ s^ afloat. '
■'.' Options .;flr_m. and ui" h .■..-,!. May a:Vd Julv
moa. active- >!a;;-3j!jr; Jury. 36-y 8 c'; ■ SepVemi
t>er. 376/ge,-..-.' ■ ;: ,. •'.:;■.:• /•-•■.-.v : ;-. ■ - ; ' .'.--V '•-"-.-::•, :V -.-"--:
. . OAT- -steady, dull. - : .. '' ■■.>.:■ ;■;.;.■.: .-■.■■.■••■ ■'■'.- ■-:•/' ■
ions l'nl : May, 24c: Ju!y. 213 8 c. ■'■■.- f.v.-.-V
spot prices: No. 2 white,-; 26c:- No. 2 C'hicapi;
26Vic: ,,r N.i. 3;.24l/jf;:.No. ! .i white, : mix-ed^
' Western, 2p^2tic.;-wbite.xlo . and white ."slat.-,
" 1-K.I D : BiiAxi.my(S6i%fcV' : r-"...-7^.v-i'V : " c ri..v' :2;x
ii J]JDLIMiS^(j2.'oi7uc.:- ■.■.■•'..'--.•'■■. v ■' ' : >: -.
.. tr^ift;il,'ti5^7l)c. ...■:; : - ■;;•■■; V / -;':.\V: :■•-■■■:' : - ..,■.'
■;' :"•'. . '.■';• ■ .'."{•' V.l'rov.isloiis. 'CV'.''.)'!'-.^.-.'---.' ■' ■
BEEF— .Reef hur. s ;.n<l tierced beef dull, iin
cbanKod: COt "meats, 8tea<.ly>.:.(]5.i.|ot,''.ui>.cbiirii;i-dV r
plvkJed bellle* :■_■ lbs, 41/i5>434e- : do sliobldera.
41 -j, ■i-'-'i'-- '■'• ham* •.'■•)'..• •••:■•.• ■■.-.■: ; .v-. "■•;?;: '-^i ''.v
l.AJ-tl»T-<«>tilet; firmer: "western gteaiia',-'S5' 05;
city. $4 50: ; May. Kenned, dull"; continent,
T5 35:.ssouth American. 7.V. compound, 414c %-'
i'( 1 hk— steady ; ' moderate demand, 1 - Old 'iKess;
?«t<a950.' .',-. •.-..;.;; '.^.sV •;./..;.-., v«V;'.-. r^V: -•/'.
.• u'v'TTKH- Firm: receipts: extra "dairy, 8
@10>,4<-. do creamery.' 10@15V2cr Western dairy,
old, 7ict»c; do creamery. 1 p ii.:.c: held. lil'
. K'us. 15c: imitation creamery, 9V5>@1 lV->c. .-. - .'," ?." ■
CHKi-.SK- iloderare demand: "statejhrije.' '!>&
9»ric: do lancy. 0- _.-n. ' ; 1 ,-^^ do m,.hii. 4i/.(J10e;
jiuu jitcirns. :-t^t4J/ 2 c; ■ i... BKims. ; 2(g,2Va<S- ; • : "- . ■'.'•'
• »-.•;■.- Wealcr-Western frestii 10(<tl I.e.:--. ■"':■:■ ---•
■TA Ll.'.tW — \\ '<::k; .city, c3/ 8 c ; country \8 1
3% C ' ■• ■■••- - : ;".. . ■ ' :.■• '....■•." . ..•.:•-.;.•;•-...,.••
' . « • 1 i<jN..sf.F.1> Oll^Kasy:' crude. •'2li^@22.c':
yellow, prime, 25Vic: ; 40. off trade. '-.'")' 41. -. • ' .'•
f!l-:slN— Firm; si rained common 10 roou,'S2.V' •
Ti 'in kn 1 INK— Dull, steady.: 2«34(ct29c;- • -:l<
Ptn'ATOES— .New, nrni: sweets l(g,5./ • • .'•.-'■
■: KICK— Firm; fair demand. Dpniesuc. 'fair 'to
extra. :«&:.«-«'■: Jnpao.'4®4\4&' •.—-:.-,• \ . ■:■■- .!■-'
• MO|,A!?hks- Fairly active: Brm.* Orleans
open kettle, pood to choice. 1'" $S7c ■ .-.'•'•,■.•;..■
". COFFJili-^atfettdy, nnctiajmed. 10 1Q po'inlsviip/
May. 6138801290: June, #18 70: July, $12 50:
Ausust.$12 O.*)(SS12 10: September. 60: Decem
ber. $1090. Spot Hio steadier. qt«et. No. 7. 13 • *' •
SUGAR— Steady. Raw firm: more active, hair
reilnine. 3*4C; centrifugals. 9t. test, 4V*c Refined.
1 J-ltic lower. Off A. 4V«<35 1-16o; mold A,
6 ll-16c; standard A, 6 7- lb>: confectioners' A.
5 5-16o; cut loaf ami crushed, ]!•]*■; powaered
and cubes, 5 11t16c: granulated.. 5 ;7-16c.
■'."■.• .■ ■ Fruit anil Produce.' '■ ; • .;■
CALIFORNIA FKUIT.S— •:.■■••, v. ... >.' '.''' : '-;
ALMONDS— Soft-shell, \7W,@Sc; do -paper-shell,
ll(S13e. ' .-..•;-.■ . ': ■.•:■.■•.'•■■■• ■.■■.•.■
APKICOT8— 8%(4!l2^ : • •
PEACHES— reeled, r &>. 10@12c; do unpMl«a,
r r-_s i ,,c. ■•'.-.; ■.•■ •.'■:■ . .-■■ .. ■■ .■.••••.•-■•.■.••■
PRUNES— Four sizes. Be. '- " . •■ - ■
HA i sins— Two-crown. 23'i@3c: do three-crown.
3»i<S4c; do London layers. -..-*'..
ilul'S — Pull, unchanged; <xmiinon to cho»ce,
2'AfMtc; Pacific Coast. \l^ s &7c,. ■".-'.
WOOL— Steady, unchanged;, domestic fleece, IB
@21c: pulled, ir>fe33c: Texas,?@7Vic
-..-• Merchandise..'
PIG IRON — Moderate demand, unchanged;
American. tllf is 50. \
COPPER— Bull: l-ake,$1075. :' .'-;'•'
LKA 0— Easier: domestic $H 0.'.
TIN-Qoie't; limits. SIS &5&18 40: plates, fair
deniHnd. <■!• -
SPELTKK-Steady; domestic, Si 05@l 10.
CHICAGO .MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 'Iix., April 30.— The winding up of
the trades In May wheat came to-day. The longs
sold out the remnants of their holdings and were
enabled to do so during the morning without at all
depressing prices, the opening having been at an
advance over yesterday's close in consideration of
continued rains In the Northwest. The Cinoln
null Trice Current in Us summary reported but
unimportant changes In crop prospects. It stated
that some central localities still lacked moisture.
Liverpool cables were \±A lower. Receipts in the
Northwest were 290 cars, against 287 last Thurs
day and 231 a year ago-
Chicago received sixteen cars and inspected out
153,506 bushels. Closing Paris and Berlin cables
were lower and Antwerp unchanged. Prices did
not hold so well late in the session, the demand
showing no urgency, but Immediately prior to the
close a recovery took place, prices attaining the
position occupied earlier, t-.xport clearances at
Atlantic pots to-day vrere 271.08;! bushels. July
wheat opened from liS? s a '>:-P t c to 64c, sold be
tween G4 V 8 c and 63Vi@63s»c, closing at 04- *»■■
i&c higher than yesterday. KBtimated receipts for
to-morrow seventeen curs.
CORN— Presented no feature or Incident enti
tling it to distinction. The advances and declines
of wheat were reproduced on a looser settle, but th»
business was of small proportions an i unimpor
tant character Liverpool cables were easy. Re
ceipts wore 314 cars. and. 321,768 bushels were
i en from store. Export clearances amounted
to 194,280 bushels July corn opened ill 30S 8 c.
sold at »UV<t^)SU Vic. closing at, 303ki\ %c biclier
than yesterday.' Estimated receipts lor to-mor
row .310 cars. . ••-■
"ATS— Were quiet and without any mark of in
terest.' The las', day of the month brought some
liquidation by both longs and shorts, but iiO large
.or inrluentiai- trading t«n>k place. . Receipts were
.'JlH.C4ir---.and i!G:90-l*busb>.-ls were, withdrawn from
: -store)"; illy closed unchanged from y esierday; Ks
■tnrime.il iecvipts for t<vmorrow 2-5 cars
i I AX ■\\;»-i-..-.-isy. rii-.li. 91c';:.\fiiy,>6 '. o,-g,87^ 4 c :
: July.'-'.*! S /ic ;■' ■S(:!iteniber,: -, 91 V 2 @9'Jc.. Receipts
-.'. ■■!•■ 20 car's; : :-,^V-^^v--.'. ■'■.-"• ■'••■'..•* i
■■'i l ; liii\ l>lnNS— Ah easier, hot; cast at!
' !iiifi:y.ir:ib!e intimiii •• -o'vi.'r i<Vpiluct this morning,
•'•'bin prices aa nin -::*• r a .urea: deal, owing.to light
i tTiiaitic. :. i.-.rr •• • ■•. ••-• 'in i- of the. pork: stocks.
inChicago,;.Ma>^I ,-hy.(;>-\V;-.l'hiirips Jr., places the
■amoii tit. at- l.>8 0011 Kirr- N. .■•j<) 1 000 barrels of which '
: -H'old.poVt. .Un liio.i.r.i;.- o'ov.t-rnic i ,in :...-• -s liiler.
•Jni'lie-sesslpn jirief,-* nil.iir'u and prysen ited.. quit e:a.
little Iirinne.ts. At ttn- clos-- :Iai!\ pork was ll)«
I I" 1 * higher. July lard .'!"• 2 c higher and July ribs
.H- , .-r :han y«-stf.riiuy." *; V. ■"=.- •■•;'- ■...■. i< \-'v ._•■'■.'.•.. - '■'
; lil I lE.'l — 1 lie. batter market was lirm to-day.
and a inn her advance in price of the finer grades
Was estsb.lisheci.y.rhe'demaud was goo 1. Vi'li-- iea
mih tot new goods lias fairly opened. ■Creameries
=— Extras, : 15c;\ tirsls. 14^14,1 -c: seconds. ll©13c:
■ Imitations, fancy;'; lUfcillc. .lia.nes— Kxtras'
;iafs!ts';.'i iia,i ■-'<•; secoiids..; 9c. Lailes— fc-xtras, t)<g*
aye; •.firs'iv.Sy.-'Viic: packing stock ;7c. :?.- : .~f:'.?-: l;-\*'
.V.'.KijU.pj^ Wer.eVslow and weak. . Offerings-were
h«ayy, while Hie ileniKud was not. more than mod
erate ■: Fresh stocky 9{g9 1 ..c. ■■•. : . •■■.>■.;•;■'.•■■■.■-'.- ■••-'.'
MON V — \\ as steady at <6% on call and 6(g;7 # on
tune loans. New. York exchange sola at 8.Sc
.^premium, ■'■•.;;'■■■. r," ",:• -',:-'.: :: '- .■•"'■'■;:.•■■•-:.■• ;,. ■".-. . -.^ :...-■
;'s' J -'-S*:':.i : V.v'.' .'.V- Closing: Prices. ; - '".■■■'"."..".■'.■' ..;.-.. ;■'
. WHEAT— April, 62c; May, 62@62V8C; July.
64c. •-■;:; '■'■'':■:■:■.''■■:■■. '■'::.'J:-''--i:. : '.-' ; ' "■"•■' : '-' : ■••■?-" •'■■-:.'.'■. ;;
i : OHN— April. 285^c::May,,2S5,s3; July. 303 <- :
! .September, 315,a^j31»ic. •'.' >■;■}:■ -.r ■•.'•■■. "-. ' '■■ '■ : ''-".- : '.'-'J'-:':
•-.-" i \ ; s— May, ... l,"oC. July, 19 l 4«': • September,
• ; 'lSv8S-0c;,'.'. : ■.-■■' ■■':/:■' "■ ■■ :.' ; >: ■ V--'.' '-' -:■.■ -- :-:-.V---;-■■'■'..";
nuK-May, . 58 12% : July, *8 37 : Septem
■ ber, *& b7Vt::-:'- : =■ ::^ ■■ -\ : -\ ':.^: ■ }-. : ' ■';': r^ .:■■■'■ . : .■■'/' '' :
'■'■: LAHV-may, 70; July. SI S5; September, *5.
■! , , iil at ay, - *4 0 Vi ; V J uly, ''..$4 22 V» : Septem
•p^r,-9i'S%^'^.i<^v.'--y^i ■■':■" ■■'■::^?- : -:'-.'-r:''' '■ ■ "■■•'■■■
Livestock.
UNION STOCKYARDS, I i.i_ . April V 3O.-The
cattle market showed decided Improvement to
! day. The supply was '-..and.' buyers .;h'a<l' pay
1 advance on .yesterday's prices. The receipts ■
of hogs were large and quite a number were - held
Over -trbm- vest*rdav. ; The result was seen in a'.d<~
:Clin;e::.ot;6(julOci;io-d»y;.::()iT^rlnes: of sheep were
moilerate and everything » as disi>ose(l of at steady
I ■•itipUr«'.':V'--'-.: :: .'..h''~--..... ':"•-. '■':- ,r\ :':•'■■'■■'■ : -.-- v -- : -'W'- ; ,
! ; i A 1 ILK - Kecelpts, ■• -8000.". Fancy -beeves,
$■4 r«() jj.4 35: choice to. prime. 1300 to 1700 pound
• st«-ers.-. ..• $4 §. i -Vbi' .cbod. - to choice .steers. 1200
to 1600 pounds, S3 HO'a.3 95: medium :-.stef>rs.'flOOO :
■'.i.o-'J 400 pounds. $J tiofii i : 75 : common to fair steers.
■950 to 1400 pounds. #3 4' ((l3 &■):. choice - Jeeders.
: !<U0 to 1150 pounds. .-$ 3 65(£3 90; common to good
s ;ockTs. ;|.25(gi3 75; i.bulls and stairs, choice 10
extra. *3 05; .'. bulls,; ' poor : . io : choice, v. $2 '2b(qi
290: cows and heifers, extra.?:-! 50 (u, 3 90; cows, fair
to Choice. ■■ *a 40«0>i 40: , ; cows, coin:non -to fain -'■
: *1 • 60$'.!: : 25 : : ;' carves, . good - to choice, *4 25
I 0,4 75; calves, common to gbbd.':$3((£4 -20; Texas
steers, poor to choice;' $3 25^3 95: milkers and.
springers, per head,. SjOio.10. ■ ;■ i ; .". ':■';; '■.- ■ '- '"-'X: ■■■';'■■ ' ■• {■
•• Hows— KeceitiiB/'33,0oa' 'lieavy; packing ana
shipping lots. ; .*3 25(«3 40: .;. common : .i<a:;~ choice
m«ed. ?3 25(a3 60: choice ; Kssorte<l.'.?3' 60®
3 67' 2 ; light, Jf 3 4Ofe3 65; pics, $2 75©3 65 -I' ; -. . ■;
;■:■" '.*li KEl'-r-Recelpt s, 1 1 ,030. . : Interior to .choice,
5- 50195 75; lambs, $3 25. si* 90. : . •'..■■ . ■■:•.■■■;.;..■.;'
SEW \oi;k STOCKS.
Bonds, Exchange, Sloii^y/'aiid Railroad
■?■•';?.. '■'. '.'■■ -p?- '■':=■•"•■■'■<,;'•■• ";~ ??h - .-.'-'.O., ■■'■'■■ .-~'-'.': '■'"?'•' '.
; Monov on ; call easy at :;2(g,2 Vi ';: last . loan at 2%;
and closing offered at 2 *■ . I'rlniK mercantile
paper,' 5 ©•*%•' Kur silver, *>? -• • Mexican dollars.
64c " r ernn« ''exchange ;■ dull, with actual busi
ness in catiKersV Mils at • ?1 K7»i@4 ;b8l/4..for'.60 :
G*ya and -#4 8S*i(^4 *>Bi/ 4 lor utmand.'. ' I'ostea
rate*. t4 8H 1 2» 4 90 .: Commercial bills. *4 87 a,
■4 87 3 /i. Uoverliment. bonds dull; bian- . bonds linn ;
TaiIi«J»a boiid's easy, silver at the board was quim.
': .>'•■' '.'■-' • ''-?.:'% ' ':'!*-■' CI.OSINO STOCKS. '.'■ ';..-'"■. ■,'■.■ -; -.. '.
iniTH* Cable,... ; -'."*»-.v; ,>or:oik A -.iivev, Ap ■' ; i/ 8
;A:chls6n;.v.;..v^...;1^7'ki- , Preferred........ .'AVi,:
- hrtierrea ..... . *4 < + Ncrtliern l > aclflo...- : li^
A«5«n.s li.xpr#ss:; i .16O 'v r Preferred -...A-V4
•'AHon.'JerreHaute.:.::55;> A on western.. 10.i.v g
American Express.113 ■: ; ■:'■¥ referred..;...-... 14*
1 'Amerlcan.Tobacco.' Tl 3 /4 X, Y. Central...... »•■* .'.
. - i>rt!err«a . ; J ..:.... 97 . .N .V. Chicagoi3.rj 1'3«
bmteOas...... 17 : '/8 Is; preferred..;.; ' : "8x> '
Baltimore <fi. Ohio..':. 1.7 ; -'.{-'. 20 Preferred...... 33 •■ ,
■'ilirunswiclt.vLik.nas.,-.' ■:■/>'*. - V.AN. ''/'H ;-..',_-» -1694i;
I uflalo Koch iV i*. 1i;.,.n. i.aNew Ena. .40. .
'. lunaiis -.Pacl-nc.'v.'. :-.W: f- N . '-V. husq A W... :-• «i,
Canada feouthern.. '0i, - 1'reffcrred. :...:;.,: 2;-.
' canton l*n«l, 6>" b P »no; .-.V.;';:,;-; ii '.>.'-,'l 1 ■',.'.
' ' ( nr.rai.-J'acltlc .;.;: 15 ■:iO.ntar!u'&.WetterB.-''^.&^))'
1 t ces. A Ohio.. ..... I" 1 /! Oregon Improvuu. .T/ .
I Chicago Alton : ... W S: h Preferred, . .......—— : '
';V:Preterred.:.;v.wV;170 Oregon Navltatlon, 8 ■
' . ? cblcaco, M. * «4.... <reton bhort Liae. •*'%
-Chicago K.1U... 41 :■ f*ciUc MaU. ....... 27 i /t
";•■■ Preferred.. ....... 3"' ' *(reona.:D.,t Kvana. • V 2'Vi"
Cl-.ic*gD«ias . 6^i littsburg & W pfa. 15 -.
tie ye : Pittsbur? . 1 tiO . Pullman Palaos...lB2i. a
r ConsoildatipB Coai. .' : .31 -.. QuickiUver......... 1 ;■•;..
Consolidated Gas.. 2 ■'>•'■ Preferred........ 16 :
C. C. -C. <t 0Ubui».:.3;i . iheadihg;.-..- ; V-,;- ..;.-.;x2it
1'relHrrea... «4 KiotirandeAWssW ' '
; Colo. Fuel <S iron.. : V'.3 l'-Vi'"! Preferred......... '.43. '...
;-• Preferred.:;;.:;;.. -10" Kock lslana. ...... 7 l^i'
i Cotton. Oil cert. ;;. '-.' I*** itomeWat &Ogdea l 13V2
: Commercial Cable. ' ;BU' ! Li-<J: 8. : Vy ....... :.'43i.
D*l. Jiudson....... 127 1 1 . : 't 1 ftferred. : ..-;i.-..i'llV : .
■i 'Uel.Lnck<fcW«iternl •9.:;^feUl < aul.V,.^^;.i:'78i^
: : Lender & iii : .<?-'-.v.' ■ 1 1 - ; '• : I're'-erred. ........ -l27'i~
.', ,- Prel*-.Ted... ...... 4**,* 1 1. Paul D.iiluU*. -3 5 : •_..;
- I lslUlers......v..-. i^U Prfferrad......... *6
1 G t tieriki iilecirlo... '. 3 ■ ■'•« ' 1 1. Paul A Omilic'- 43"' 8
, ■trje. ;•.■■:;;.' ......... : 1» :: 4 Preferred.. ....... l'«> '.;■.
: ; ■■■Preferred .'.V: .... 9 /.: ! M- ■•K-'AIi-.&.'M.-U^i.l'-lO' ' '/■
! Tort : VVaj-ho....... 16u fcUver Ceruncates.;-6>«i /^:
OijeaiNonherUDta.llu • touftoern Paclllc... ?. 9 Vi»
GrreDliay... ....... ; -': ■v»>pu;nerh it K.^..V. i«Va'
! •' H«RHa ■ ;'.>::.;.■; 29° .... Preferrea. ......... Six,
ilbckipB Coal:.^.:;r - ; n tusar.jRenn.eryv..>
' r HoekiriK Valley... 1 •' '■ 2 • Preferred... ...... 103
;'HomesiaKe.';.; : i;;;:.' : 30 Teun. Coal <& iron. 30
II. A i exas C«ni.. -'j '"■•Preferrj'!i;;;-.: ...100 i -' ; .
' vlJiiiip.ls. Central.... ■• 9' Texas Pacific...... H ,
Iowa Central. -9^s 1ol.A.A.<fc N.iiion.-^— ';■■:
Jrt lerred. ;....._ "I ol. <St OaioC'en.... 3d
i : 'K'iinsRs <t. '•' xmi._; : •'.. .■"-•'■ ':■ ■-> Preferrea..:...... 73 ■■''•'..
:•■'. '■• Preferred ; ;;....„ \2 7.5 ;, l.olJSt.lrouls * K.C. ' V •' 0 V4'.
1 Kingston (c 1'em.,, 3 Preferred.. ...10 j
i -: lake. -dtAV estn .'1 8 ! -> I" nion : Pacific. .;.;. ' •' H'-,
'-• I'referred... ;.: 7<n I. P.. Den. & Uuii, ' :: -3»,i
; l.a«e shore. .;... ..1 '?*'< A I .E. Cordagii...^.. s
1 JSftionat i-ead...... > 2 '> J ., : Preferred.. ....... .1 1) V- ■:
1 Preferred V'li.J Guaranteed.....^ 20 ■
i ■ ■I.CHK Island.. ;■;..;•.'. 80 . ■■.-It'. -fc£i Dress. ' .\.Ji- 'J'i'b'. -,
Louisville ■'&.. Nash. (»2 .'-ii; .'K Leather ; ;;-.v ' 83 /4 :
I ; =Xpuisytll> .Sk<t Ob. -' '-'=: «i« Preferred. ........ ' : 62 ■
vPreserred..... £\ : V. H. Kuobcr. ...... 27 : - v
Manhattan ronsoi. :"si' 2 Preferred
Mf-nipnis A 15 .. I'tlca &B. River;'; ISO W
lleiKM cemrai... t- 1. ft ah. B. ,'U'-'«t:i*afl:iS,-:7V8
alichiean.Ceuirai.. % Pcetcrred.. ....... lh. 1
j»Ijiiii A. ». l........ . o W«ils-Far(to... 97
',■:.;■ J'lelerrea.. — - extern union.. ;b5?/i.
■■ i) inn. & St. ii icom. '• 19 ;.'J V\' is Centra,.. ....... ; :'' 'Zi5'
>,--3si preferred;.;.. \\ heeling : <t.L. E;.";lOV8
; 3dpr»ferrci 1 .-;'i.-.-'.;.^V4'--:;: : Preferred. ........ 3t>i A
. M lesourl Paclflc... 27 : /4 1 Am Cotton OU pfa.::.68 1 /4
Mobile* Ohio..... 21- - W V Beef .......... -V8- .
■ Nashville chatt.... 68 •■' Ann Arbor. ........ 1. 0 "•
; Kationai Unseed:; : IS ■■": I ;- Preferred.. ....... IS Va
N. J.Ceutral. ...... 107% Brooklyn Traction. 2* .
North American. .. -. ':■:• ;; •:• -^ '-■'■ t~- '■;■';.'•■•':
. . ■ < 1 lx>si no BONDS. .'■:'.•-. .':'.■ • ■•■■■.■..■'.
u 4d. ree...... ... "iO<ti/ 4 m K T 3ds.. :..... : eo?.':
•. Bo, coupon... Da, 4s. .. '"'...■.' ; 85.i / i
I F 4inewrf«g.....ll7:<, 4 Mutual Union 6s... 114 "
;.'■; Dp, 4a coupon... l-.\ 2% J Cent Gen Bs...ll» ' ■
.■■ Co. Sa. .....;..... 8a ' Ni rt hern 1st a 117 ; ..
■ Do, 6s...;.. ...... VIS 1 ' Da 2ds. ........ .:. 1 14i£
Do. bs counon.:..llsi, ft i bo. 3 As. - ' '■." : . 78' ■
Cherokee 4s. l(J9o. nil, ' ■ .Northwest Consols. '. -40 ■=:
i Do. 1897_... i ....100 ■' 1 Do. deb 6»........ 109 .
..":.Dp. 1898......:. .100 .-. O R * .\ 1st* HlVi
.,, Ib99... ...... .100 v- biLAlroniltUen3s «0
•FbcIDc 6s of '96.... bt 1. & b a«n 6s. — — '■
■ D;C.3-6 5s...::...;iO8Vi 6l Paul Consols V. 139 '•/:
Ala Class A 4...;;^ lO6v 1 t;UP. C. A Pa lstjj. 11
Do. Class B 4,6s;10b". J Do. Pac Cal ■'.•sta..llO '
• La CODsol 4s... „;■..'• 9g%jt>outbe'rii K. R. Os. 93;> 8
1' K.'eeourt funding — ., Texas Pacific firsts V 1 '
S Carolina con bs.. 124 ■ '.(Texas racseconas. : 2 Y JTfe'
•Do. 4s............ 105 : IL'nionPao lstofVS. 10 ti '.
*o Carolina 4i£i...l0ff IWestEbore 4a.....lO5T 8
'I tun new .19 80",* Mobile*. Olilo 4§.. t>;
Vfifun<llncaeot..i «isv I: <<rarinn\Vt-9t 1st* 76%
It. reg i dies <t O 6s ...lll^g
I'd. deferred Oj... 6 Atchlsun4s 8(1
J>o. trust rcDts s: 6 | Do, 'Ma a 25Vi
< rieOa mmtl: 2rts.. 1041/8 HAS 6« 105
l«n lsuofj»5 10Ji. A Do. 2U 7«. . . 101
licn&milat 116 H Tex Cent &■.. 10!)
, . do. «»:........... 915.i Do. rou 6s I'. 1 ." »
trieVds.. 67 I Reading 4a KOVs
{ Kaueaa la Consols 7iiV, Mlsnouri tta ICO
I ** lbU i^endivlll I -
FOKEIG-V 9IAUKKT3. \
;■ . ■ ••• .-. wiieat is livehpool. •'. ••. ■ •'...
LIVERPOOL, April 30.— spot market
Is steady at 6s 6ff(fi;Ss 7d. Cargoes dull at 27s 9d,
prompt shipmeat, sellers. :•'■•;• . . ,'/
.'" . .'. KI-TJ-BKR. " '}'
The Produce Exchange cable gives the following
Liverpool quotations for No. 'i Hod Winter: April,
5s 5(1: May, 5s 5d; June, Os 5d; July, 6a 6d; Aug
ust, 5s 5d. : ■.•..••_• .
• . S13CDRITIES. I ':.-. .. .-■■.■ •
LONDON. Kko.. April 30. — Consols, 111^«:
silver, 31 l-16d; French Rentes. 102f I2y a c
Survey of the Situation From a Can
ner's Standpoint. ..V.-: ;, ; : \.'.
The Cutting Tacking. Company has the following
forecast of the fruit crop this year, as regards the
recent frosts:
Aside from the business aspect of the market the
principal feature of interest baa been the continued
frosts, occurring at intervals during the past thirty
days, that have been unparalleled in the history of
the fruit industry of the State. It was supposed
for awhile that the early frosts in March were of
temporary effect and short-lived in their results,
and such might have been the case had they not
been followed by others of a still more severe
character, not only for one or two days, but for a
week or more. Of course, it is unreasonable to
suppose that the Dimness community as a whole
will agree in the conclusions that we have been
forced to arrive at, that th.. 1 crop as a whole has
been seriously damaged, Because they have been
over and over again deceived in this respect in
previous years, but the fact remains, nevertheless,
and although we are always slow to believe reports
of such serious damage, in the present case we «re
forced to state, as an honest conclusion, that the
crop us a whole baa been damaged to the extent of
fully 40 per cent.
we do not say by this that there will be 60 per
cent of an average crop, but rather that the crop
: of the present year has been damaged in that pro
portion. This damage applies In a general way to
ail fruit localities la the State, although it was
confined for <julte a while to certain localities,
notably those north of the latitude of Marysviil.-,
during the lirst half of March, since which date
both the frosts and continued cold weather and
ra.lus have operated disastrously in all other locali
, ties without exception, so that there is no fruit re
gion in the state, large cr small, out what has been
visited -and the crop depleted thereby. This ap
plies • especially to almonds, apricots, cherries,
| peaches and prunes— pears and plums have not, as
a whole, been treated so badly.. • . ■■ . .'••
I Although our information is special and reliable;
we are not fully convinced yet of the tinal damage,
because the recuperating forces of the deciduous
fruit-tree are immense, and good results may.yet'
follow It the weather be propitious: but us it will
take fully a month to arrive at such couclu sion we.
j feel that it is proper to put the facts as they- now.,
appear and .follow them later by -further informa
. tion as it may ■■come to US. - At present we are "ii
■:tirely'nt-*ea.as.tb ; the value of futures, and, conse
quently, have fixed no. prices thereon, although it
. i* -Ki.ir to say that., the condition of the fruit : cr0p,
a<Meii to; the enhanced- value Of - Sugar— nearly- 60
per.c.i&t pver that of 1H9S— and the fact that the
•other- material entering s.in'to.' the. '.production' of
panned. fruit ho cheaper than a year ago. all In-.
:;dici«te.t-ha.f our prices »r ■ futures,:- when made, will
; be considerably .above those of last year. : .- : ' - •;"';
The weather conditions have affected the tomato
j and other vegetables very, umavorahiy. and proa;
■ pects . for -a good crop are not nearly so good as ft
month ago, heuce no great effort Is being made; to
sell futures,-. but- on .the .-; contrary coast packers
have withdrawn prices that were- tern porarlly put
out. Spptmarket for not only tomatoes., but peas'
and other, .--. vegetables; • continues • -dull:: at :. ■• our'
quotatiops... '■• -■:■■::"■■■.•>.•.■.-: ■ : -■- : ■:■■ .
. l>l:li:n FRUITS— 'niefecent damage frost
ro -growing 'crops has not made itself apparent
j In prices, but will undoubtedly .'- cause an advance
( within a Very short time. The darn to crapes
has ' been the -heaviest,! and already speculators
' have. bought /up-all \outs.randlns; lots of raisins in
l first hand*. which has strengthened the market an
i 8 toa V* c: cent within the la.st few days, V 5 •".•■■:'•.-!
. •-• 1 hedeiu.,11.1 for dried fruit even at the exceed-
I iTig.y low. prices ruling has : . been exceptionally;
Itght : the trad p. lias been buyl nc ; only, from hand to
i nioinh. but: look for an improvement In the
I marker as scon as there is any increased Inquiry.
AKBiniTd- Hi little demand, no doubt owing to
the cheapness-pif ;pth>r fruits In comparison. •/ .-,
i'y.A HKs-Are movinc more freely than ■ any
other fruit with the exception of prunes. ••■
• PRVNKw-There is a little better demand than we
reported in pur: last circular, but prices remain the
same. V ■ ..:■:■■. ■..■::'■■:'■;;•;:'■■ .:/.'-•.: ■■'■:.''•■■'•'■. i. '. •.''■ ■■,"■ - : '
Haisixs— The market is advancing owing to
llfilu slocks which are held in firm hands, and the
: damage to the growing crop which Is esciroau- 1 to
be ; 40- per cent. ■'-.■■. ■"'•■\--i-.'",. 'A-~.-.' ■■;■■/" :•■ .■•v-', - .■■ .'■•
> KXCHANGK AND BULLION. -
str-rlinK KxchanKe, 60 days .■.'.'.•♦ — : ■ »4 PH' i
Exchange, sight .....— - .•■ 4H9it
>terlirii{ ('allies .-.:.„> .■•.i.-.v.'...,.. .-..**. 8»*i'-;-.* 90 ■ -
■ New Vork l-.xchnnjfR, slsrht. V- : ' — :'■-:■ ■ •'" o. i,
• '-JNVw York. Exchange, telegraphic; — ' .. : ' 10
I Fine Silver. > ounce .......:... :■>-.■• -. " 68 "■
i 'Mexican Dollars...... .;-..-... ;'.:'. 53» /4 ■••;•;". 54.; '.'■'.
BANK CLK AKINGS.
'•> IfOcalbarik clearings In April were $56,378i>8tf;
against »54,l»"p,0.43 in April, 1^915.: Jt'or the year
to date they are $V!'.>2-7H?.875, aeainst
309 during the same -.time-in. 1895, a gain for this
year of 5^7X.;-'-:' ; .y :.•■-'.-',". ':'.;:.■ : ■,'/': --;>,-,-.. ■--■■--_ . : : M::-- : ,:
rUODlCK KXCHANG^ SALKS.
Produce Exchange for April were: ' Wheat.
tons; r.arley. SI, 600 tons; total. 122,500
tons. Hales from July 1. f . 1896, to April 30,-I896
inclusive:, Wheat. ].»<60,600 tons-' Parley, 335,^00
j ■ tons; tot«!, 1,805,800 tpri».:calc«ma Bags, 100 000
■— . ♦
} WHEAT AND .UTHKK GRAINS. ;
.'. WHEAT-There Is hardly, any demand.: Futures
! are weak, bat spot quotations show no change
I ; whatever. No. 1. f 1 O7Vi(aa Otis- $ ctl; cuoice,
i $1 10: lower grades", :f 1@1 06Vi: extra choice for
1 milling,. «1 -15(g,i *&&< :.■■,-. .-.•:■. . ■;.:.;':'.; v ■■;:■■.
'A T.I. HOARD RALti. '..;! -• •./_:■.;....'. \'
Informal — 10 o'clock — December— 400
■tons; *1 OfS/g; 700, *1 <I8* iV-- Mav-JOO, $1 07
; loo, jioeyg. ■ '
■ .■•■•", Hr.'ii-UK Morntno .vkssion— May — 100 tons, '
: SI' 07. \'g- : ■.■■■■■.■.■--' ■■ ■• ■;':!„■':. '.•'..•. .-.'.■; :••.".•
•:'■ AriKKsrwis skssion— No sales. V. : -.- ; • :'.'-'-.'-.- : '
";: BARLKY-Brlant Feed is scarce arid held at the
. top figure, ■ • Kven cuiniiion dark is well held. 'The
market is nuiet, however. Feed, 7 : i , 4 (c 73:t . . •
choice, 76(376>/ 4 c; Brewing, PO@87Vic . ._ .. . '
■"■'.; ...': -"v '" •VS;\;fcAil '.BpABD-BAIiK.«).:!-. : -..' . : : '.:''; '•' '..
■ i Informal Skssion— 10 O'clock— jf sales. ?'■ "' •
Kk'.ii.ar Akirm.no Skhhion— l»eceinber— 100
tons -75 ! i4c:;100,.-.:75^.-V- -■:;-:>,:-.•. .. .'s ••;.""
■.;•; A KTKK.NfM>N;S>K.sl<)N^N;6flal«?S: '.;■;..;' ' V / \ • ." .:-'- -'.;.■
<>A I>-'I tin market pxtiihiio no feature worthy
of . note. MiliiiiK are quotable vac-: 75(<tH - ,c ■■ »■
rtl: fancy l-efd, 8;.'V2^b.7iii : c:- pobd : to clToice. 75®'
hOc; common to fair, tiTi 2 'a7L'' '-: ",ra\ 72J/i(a,
i •80c;- (surprise. 80c®$iv^ cu. . ■. •; " ■'.-.■■' : '■■:■ ■ : •■ "v
i CORN- Is very. Mull at.ubchnricefl prke.i. Lare<>
I Yellow qnotable at ; @9Oc 18 ctl; Small Kound
I •dt>;;97%cf»$l :• White; &7%(g,9Oc:* ctl; ! ■ '.'.> -. ' ■-.-■•
: KYK— 761*4(0.7 i* ctU?:':\ -. .-->■• -yr'..:-:: -,V- : .<
7 .:' BUCivVV H KA'l — 85(5.«0c * ctl. >; >,.'": . ;'v ' ■:•>,.•
FLOUlt A>D MILI.STCFFS,
FliOl T R — N«>t rash prices are: .Family extras,
■: '*.» 75@ 3 h5 ■■; > b '.til ; Bakers' extras, $a 65^3. 65;
| euperiine, 75(g,3 "#. Lbl. : VV; V ; . : •:::•', <r-v''
roRNMKAI., ETCVFeed : . Corn, $20@'.'0 60;
Cracked ( orn, $'.'1 ton. ';';; •' "V- '• ; ■'• :■"'■ :•/;.•• '.• ■' ; .•;"■•.■••
■ ■ M 1 1.L.STIKFS— Prices In 10-th sacks are • as ''foi-'
lows, usual discount to the trade: Flour,
l' ! 4 c; ltyr Flour. 31 Kice Flour. 7i, 3 c : Corn
nicul, 'J'y (g,Hc; cream do, Oatmeal,
M : U' : ; <.»aniroais, 4' <": oiriihy,: 4,'a4i.»c:"Buck
• wheat our, 4c;. Cracked %Vl.<-a:, ?.-.<;■, Farina,
■ i } :; Whole Wheat Flour, 3c: Kolled u»ts, il.,r
, Pearl ■> Barley , 4 i/ 2 c : «iHH Peas, : 4 a/ic ; Green -dbi
oi/^c^Ib. ■;;.-. .■;--.".-: : /; '■;>■' '•'-•. ■' ■'.'.;• .• ' ;••-: ■;..:::/■-.
HAT ANn FKEDStCFFS.
BKAN-$l.-)ral6 50 ton.
M!!U)LI.Nf;s-$17@i8^ ton ; for lower crades
and; f 1H 6O(gil9 50 .-.ji ton ioi-the r best. ; :.-.';; \"« >:"'. ; l' : "i : .
':-• KKK.DSTL'.FFS - Roiled • :Bariuy;V$i'8g>ii} 50;
OHcake Meal at the mill, ?•.'') > ton: lobbing; $21
• ( nitoiiM-ed :-on.jcakeV:*21<.-$. ton. .-:•.;• , •..;,•■ ; , : rv :,T^:^"-. V
: •■;.-; l HAY— The wit grades are quoted very weak,
but choice descriptions are -steady. : So cbsriice in :
. price*. :.\V li.-a: ,::?H@1 1 60 : : : Oat . SS<2 fl : Wheat and
Oai * 8@1 .1 •■: Barley. $7(gl9: Alfalfa." *7fg,9: Clover,
Compressed, 50; Stock, $6(g,7 %
.ton..- 5 :':--'v : .- : ;,v^ •■■. ■ '■■■>; ■>■ . . ; -^--!.
;. BTKAW-30@50c bale. -:•>!; .•':.';-.?i:>> i ;j;H ;l"
■; . BKANb AND .: SKKDS. ':"\
\ BEANS— bull and uiiclianged. Quotations for
I most -Aescripiions are ra:h.-r uominal. Ravos, 90c
.■@?i;:, : :Sin'Aii">-,\V-Jiite>;- $1 Sivil 45; : I'ea, »I !i5®
' *1 60«>ctl: l arse Whites. S.Irttl 10 ; ca::i'lnk;'
. 90(iti)f>c.: Ki-ds,...? 'l 'J6; >'» i-BCk.i?y.e. *1 4i>n 1 ttO: (:c<l
. K.i.!i>y, ' iiomiiiHl.; J.nnas. $-' 75r:3: Bu[.'ters, 91 40
1 (a.1 00 for shi.all-and $1 U6@l'.S(uOfoT lnrt,-"; : :':.' '' ■■■
— ' 1-- 1-: I > — - --ilrovvn : .Mu i tliiru Is 'ijuoialjte at $1 50
'"-■-' - r , ■. v : it'.: Trieste,;- .'fjfc) 1 .' 50 . * ctl; Yel-
Musiurd. $1 4O'a,l 60; l-fax, $1 70@l 80: Ca
nary, -« 4 .: Ib; Alfalfa,-..7J/ = @9y 2 cvV : Rape,-
VJi 2 c * It,; Uemp, HV 2 c *» tb.
: UIUKD PKAS-J1 -_'5(a,l 40 3 cti for NUes and
f 1 iisrgd 45 T«r Ureen. > l;-:^^
; POTATOBS, QMONS, VKGKTAKI,ES.
•". . POTA JOES— Receipts from all sources were
| over 9000 jacks, but the market for old stock kept
I ■ steai-! ,\i-.v Potatoes, River Burbaoks,
■ :4p4fSl!c'i;ureRpn I'.urhanks. 50(<£70c 1 c:l; Oregon
.(iarn-'t : li'lint-s,-7£e: ■./• Kar.y Uose. . : t;5(.?».Pcj l'.t:i :
' Im.ik and 'Toaa.ale3'.Vl?&t>.0c:%t ctl- lliimbdldt.Bur
.■.bahks..6u^70c'f4<:n i - ■:■•,..■■•.:•.•■•■••'•■-;.. .- ■■ .:.,::■•.•;..:.;
' ; uXio.ns— Quoted at ifl ■.76©i!;. : New Unions iire
.- weakatiFl ctl. : .' •••••■.••.•-.••':■"-.■■■■• '■'■'■ ■■■■■ • ■ .\ ■-;'.
. ..V'EGKTABLKS— ;Arrlyals: were 396 boxes As
• -paraeas, 408 boxes Rhubarb, 426 ''sacks Peas au'i
' ;74'8acis.'Boani';.'; .:;.'•■•?.:.•■.■.,•-."•••...;'.■•. ■.-.'. .'..'•• ■, ,
' r peas are plentiful and : still lower,, and
■ inany of.ihem are in poor conditfon. Beans' ire
also weak. Tomatoes are very slow of sale. ' ■■.'
hummer Squash quotable «i itlc \T<; Plant
15(ig2Oc. Los Angeles Torna'.oea, $1 50^,2 "ft box
• Mexican Toaialoes, f 2@2 2i "# bx ; Cucumbers, 7i>c
I (5»*1 V doz; Asparagus, $1 26@2 26 f» box for ordi
i nary and $2 BO@3 75 for extra: Rhubarb, 40©85c;
' Dried Peppers. 7@f)c; Green Peppers, )2y.<@15c:
Green Peas, 50c@$l t* »ack for common and
SI 25 'a' sacic for SweVi : String Beans, 5(a*7c "$ lb;
Horse Beans,' 35@ 55c •? sack: Dried Okra. la^bj
Cabbage, 40c 1* ctl; Garlic, 4Va(45c t?. tb. . . ;...
15UTTKR, CHBB8K AND EGGS.
BUTTER— rather easier yesterday, receipts
being larger. No change in prices. ....
i'kkajieky — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13i^c
n>. .;■• . .■.:■.'..' .v.- ..■■
Dairy— Fancy, I'ji.,f,il3".: good to choice, I2c;
lower grades, li@liy 3 c. • . •' ' "'••.'.':•- >; • : : .. ■
. Eastern- Nominal? ' : / ••■'••- "-.■
• . CHKK8E— Continues' to shade off. Fancy; mild
new, 7%@8c: common to good, fiV*@>7<-": Cream
Cheddar, lUig,llc <£ ];,; ; Young America. 8@9c fi
It : Western, 10©llc: Eastern, l'J@13V5(C V- lb. ■ ..'■.'•
'•-< .<;>— Stocks are large, the demand Is slow and
another decline is noted Orceon Kgss. 12y»@13c
V dozen; Eastern Ens, l'/@13c; store Eggs, ISM
IK : ranch. Kggs, 13<a,14c; Duck Eggs, 14@i6c '&
dozen.
. . POULTRY AND GAME. ..;'•''.'•. '
POULTRY— Changes were slight. Poor Hens
go at the lowest quotation. Live, Turkeys are
quotable at 15@lfic y. Hi for Gobblers, 16@lt- - c.
■ V tt. for Hens; Geese, r 1 pair. $1 2.")@1 75: Gos
lings, $1 60@2 50; Ducks, $4@S for old and $5<$
8 V dozen for young: Hens, $5 30*6: Roosters,
young, $7 5(»(a.;) v dos: do, old, 4-1&-1 50: Fryers,
$6<a6 60; Broilers. $5 : 0@tt tor large and $'.'<K4
for small; Pigeons, Ci 50<a2 for young end $1 50®
1 75 for old. • .
<. a.MK — Hare, $1; Rabbits, *1 25 for Cottontails
and *1@1 25^ O z for .small. : .. ' >.:.-T.
i>KCIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Apples, $1 25(83 ia box.
Arrivals of Cherries were 274 boxes, nelling at 3.'i
@75c for White, 35<<£$1 for Red and $1@1 76 '$
box for Hlack.
BKRRIES— Receipts of Strawberries were 443
chests, selling at Si4(a,7 f) chest for Longwortbs
and $"(31 for large berries.
Gooseberries. 4Ote50c 8 drawer and 3@-ic f 1 lb in
sa-ks.
Raspberries, $l@l 50 1* drawer.
Some fancy lilacKberries came in from Covina,
Southern California, but were not sold.
CITRUS FIIUITS— The market continues aul»t.
OrHoges a iv quotable at 6f)c@*l 50 "£ box for Seed
lings, -$1 50<a,H 50 for Niivels, $1 75®'.! 75 for Malta
lilooils and $1 60(gj2 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 7*icia*l 50 for common and $'J(g)'2 50 for ;
good to choice; Mexican Limes. $5 5O««6: Califor- ;
nia Limes,. Si; Uananas, fJ(S<- V bunch; Pineap
ples, SM.c.ti >', dozen. ,;'/-",:
DRIED FRUITS, RAISINS, NUTS, ETC.
The meeting of Fruit men, called by the Fruit
Exchange, has been postponed to the early part of
next week. '. ■
DRIED FRUITS-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange: . . '..■.■•■. ;;.•'• [
Carload Lots— Apples, lVb\^2c' .^. fb for- quar
tered, 2c for sliced and 4(jH1 4<\ for evaporated :
Peaches. a3 /4 ,'a.; c and 6c for fancy! Apricot!", 614.(0,
He for prime 10 ohokv. 9c lor fancy and 20(ujllc~V*
II) J or fancy Moorpark: Figs, black; '2*/ 3 c lor on
pressed; .White Figs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c?
.tt.forevapora'<~i halves, 3\'->@'jc ■"$ lb for quarters:
. Prunes, 3@: 1,4c; i'luius. :<?-c 1* \b for pitted and
lVi'ei'.'c forui-putcd; Nectarines, 3y a @&c lb for
prime, to choice-ami 51 ...• for fancy. - - •.
Joranra .1'kicks— i- orated ' Apples, 4@4iAc
V tt>: Riln-drltU. iy a 5i2c: Peaches, H<*4c and 6<i.'lr
for fancy; needed in boxes,. 11@1 2 i-^c; Prunes, 4c
for four s.zvj, .. r >@53^c' : for 4l»iO,JU'.-, and 4 1 a i.i ">•■
n>r 5<KrfC0'8;-Apncot«. '■'■ .:9c for prime to choice,.
yl0.4i.lc. lor fancy :.M66ri)itrk:.- Figs, black, :-»i .-.- : ■
:\yiin«*: Figs, .3@5c: .Pears,- 8c. "f 1 '.lb for ev:«;>r>i
riteJ. halves and 4<c 7 ■•<• ; tor 'quarters; Plums,
' 3Vj@-4c.lor pined nnii lal 1 -- .for ■unpitted;- Sec?.
: • tarnes. 4(dJc f» tt> for prime to choice." 1 :.. •;- .' .*
KAlsl.s v AND ]JR1KI> GRAl'ES^Pnces are as
'. : •. follows, cRrlbEd.lots,.f. o. b. f^an Francisco: Four
; - crown, loose; 33ie ■ >» lb: : <rown. loose, '.!>.. ■•: 2-",
1 crown, 2i . seeoleas Sultanas,. VSVi@35it'; seedless'
Muscutfls, 'Ji .,fc 4 c: three-rrown London layers,
70c box : clusters, $1 35.<vl 60: Dehesa clusters.
*■-' UK*.' 25; Imperial clusters, $2 «)(&2 73; Dried
■ ..Urapesv'ii^r- V It,. - ..: ■:■■' ■ :~r-. U-. " ; ."'■?■■.> ; ; ' ■'■■■:.'': ■ '■..'■>'••.
' ■,'.' J"HhiN'i Prices— Four-crown .-. loose, 3ijc; ' 3
: crown, •-'•"' 4 (a.3r : -2-crown, 4 a-'l 7 r. Seeiil.»s Sul
tanas. i~ V tt. : Beedleaa Muscatels, ; He ; 3-crbwn
; London layers,^ 750,90c: :.cl listers, *1 5001 75:
Drhega clusters;' $2 60: ' Imperial clusters, I'J 75:
I til (trapes. ■ . •■■.'-;,•■ -A;..'. .'■'X 1 - : :.-% ? :•-;■ ~g -.••
XT IS— Walnuts.. are.', quotable at 9®!lf ■& : lb'
. for ; No. 1 hard and 1 l@T3c V lb for paper-ahell, }pt>
blnc lots: Almonds, 6(o,~' a i- * Hi for Laiiguedoc:
', '. and 8i/ 2 (al0c for paper-KliPU, jobbing^ Peanuts, 5 'Va'--'
' (£7c.fpr. K:. tern and 4' :_.v! :- 1 2 .- for; California: Jiict
ory Nuts, 5CdKi': i'e<ans, for .rough <'n ! He for:
polished: berts,; 8090: Brazil. Nuts. 9@10c'f4
; . lb: Coc-oanuts. $4 5l)(a,.'> > ;100, ; : .: /;■ .. •: : -'-.-/.-.">-.V;\:-.
i./^]lONKY^L'om'b'''-ia'.qu'b.tkble'aiVlf^V2c:9?1b^fpe''
bright/' nnd 8Cqi9c " >. r Iti tor lower grades; '. wtit^r*
wlilte extrai-ted. : light amber ■**•
tracipil. 4i;i343;icvdarlv amber. 4c; dark, 2@3(i; ! ' '
.; IIEEsWaX— '^5^,27^0 V lb. : . "H : .V'v ;.••'':;.
. rR(»VlNlONS. . ;
,;. CURED MF.ATS— Bacon. 6c"\?l. lb for heavy. 7c
• for light.'. medium,;.' 9c'- f» : It. for light, lOo for exira
;)ighi and Rc V tt>- for. sugar-cured : : Kaste.rn>ugar-'
■• : cured : Hams, - ll^c. California Hums. 10c ': t» .;' lb^;''.
. Mrs* Beet, . f n't* bbl ; extra mess do,:.$8 50: fam
ily do, *10: exirn prim> Pork. : $9 »> hbl : extra
clear. *14'^bDr: mis*, f 13 V bbl; .Smoked Beef. !
- .ioc-'£vih^. : . ; "--/:',; '■;:■..■- ".;:• ■■'-'. ;...>•,■...,-:■■■:.,;•■..:/ :
; ;-li'A I*^Ka<l ern, ■. tierrp^ Is. qnoted.' at'fit^'p. -ji ft,;
; ] for compound -and 6-"V for pure; 7V a r: Cali- .'
. .f6rnla.'lierces;-'5Vj<i -'-jor :r<nn pound .and ti> «■. for
feora: bah-hbl"i, . 7e: 10- tb; tins, 7 Vic.: do B-Ib. 8c.: I
: - : >^''1t>i:'—"':-:- ■:-}".'■ •'■'■"'.:''■:".": ':■.■■.;••"' '■■-.■ ■."'■'• ' ■-." ■•■'.• v"--'.^-v. •
■' r COTTOLEXEi— Wic. In tierces and 7fv 8 c * »> In
:. : 10-tt> tins;.. ; ; ; ..';.: . ;.•■ ■-[ ■-:/'■;:■;'/ .7 yv> ;'-;. : '*.-■ ■_ 7 ■ ; v ■>,',:■ ■>■■.
; IIIUKS, TALLOW, VTOOL AM* HOPS.
■':..'. H II>ES AM> -<KINs— Heavy salted steers axe
quotable at 6',VjfTc. >* culls : and : ; brands^ 6>-j
• i^fir 'p'li);. medium. 5 1 , 2 m tie; c ill* and brands,:4i.n
(c..')<-; 5c: culls and brands, 4c; Cowhides, 5c j
V Tt. . oi.js aad brands, 4c: s.\:tel Kip, "f^ : :lb:
i si'.tied ( ult. t;to7c : ;:.88lted Veal, '5c:':'dry tildes, 0
®10c; (MHisaii'1 -.brands . 7' 2 '" dry. Kip and Veal; .
7 .: '■i ; inns. .'i(a ill.. Cult, 15crciills, ipci'Goat-:;
: Kk;nv : : 20fe£3.V:-< ; nch;- Kids.. :5ci ■ Deerskius.':good :
: 8ummer,25^:<0c: mtHllum.'15@25c; : "vvinter, P@lt'c;:.
SheepskiiiK shearlings, 10 5c; ea-h : short wool.
■ ■ 20@,36c each; medium, each.; long Wools,;
■ t>5c each, • 'tills of nil kinds about. 1 «c less. , :; :i ...;
j : TALL' 'W \... 1. renderfd,3V4@3"i/3C; No. 2, 3c:
V refined. 5iA@5/;4c: Grease. 2 1 ,^c.'fi.Ib. ' . ' ■".■', '•■.• '■:■'.'.■
: ,'. : :..'..WO0L— -> local circular siys: -The local market..
I co.'itiiiui-.s iiiicniin • il .'. ? ales and quotations both
nominai h.,i1 do eeneral lradi- to report. >■* erd.iy
( thv/V8ili.) was 'opViiliiK : day -lor .Me second of the '
: spring -series , of ,. he Ixindon; Woo! sales.-.: Prices
.. opinevl a . it: L- lower than the op.- 11 ing prices of the
jiri-vioiis sale, hut 11 is frequently the case that as '
: tin sail, V< rb«reLss better priceg : are Obtained: ■: 11, . :
', ■ : Aii.ernan ma'kot will 'not 'bey. well represented,
j. : however, at tliis sale, ain1 it is not probaDle.that.Te
: hulls will equal the previous There has been '
• h lit tW.'count ry buy ingu pin the Fresno con try at ;
uIm.ii: ftoiiUcfor 'best .foothill Woo'.;-- -No sales to:
r»-i)or;."" '.-;-; '•■: -■■-;••■..■'•: .-.'.'•' j'-. ' .vV;.: ■-'■ '.- '" ". • •- ■ '•'
quote Spring Nevada. lb: San Joa
,- ..qiiin. and southern Coast, six months,' 4(at6c %> Ib;
' sali Joaqu n, foothill, -'good to choice, 7(a,hc;: San
Johquin, year's fleeceV4i*(g6l-2C.-':.' - : -''\ • i-." •■ '
Nominal quo.iBtlons are.1J@4c "$.. tt>.'.:: ■•;•
fM :T'^ GENERAL ■' JltltCUANBlSE. /',.
■\ : BAGS ' - Calcutta [ (.rain . . Bags, /•pot, .54 05® !
. 4 117 ' a ; June-July delivery, f4 20; San Quentiii,
' $4 10: Woo: I'.a^s, '.' I ' 2 c. .'■•:•'>,.'•; ' i : ci'.' '.'■'. '■„
•',.'': < ' 1 A L— Weilincton, $& V ton.;: New Wellington. : ;
■■ /?8 •on: ■■Souttitleid Wellington, ?7 SO ton; :
. SeaitleV.*r>M5 50; Bryant, if 5- 60; Coos Kbv. -114 50:;
.Wullserid.,'^ 50; Scorch;;- .fT 50: Hrynibo *7 bO;
; Cumb/Thtmt. »18 50 in ■ bulk Mid .$15 .)n>.6hs::
■; i PerHjgylvanla Anthracite $13; Weliih Ati
. thra. He K cc . , : Cancel, ff8:-'.Rock' Springs,:
Castle /Gate- -and. Pleasant "Valley. $7 60;,. Coke,
'. $10 50 hi built «nd $-12 50 ¥ ton in sacks. • v.;.'
...>5UGAR— The Western "Hurar Ketitierr Company
;l quotes, tertus net cash: Cube, l nitihed. Powdered
: Hiid Kin.- < iiishnl. all 6^-r: ; Dry Granulated; 'iKcj:
: Gonfectlonpis'-'A,- .V . ■• ; •■Magnolia A, 51. 40: Extra
■C,r^5^c;:;Gr)Mpij. i:;'."oo- •• .half- barrel 1 ), ' i ■. more
than biwrfHlsiaud boxes Vs<>' mcire:..-'.:- " •-•> ':,.-.•-" : ■'. •■"•.•'
: , sVitlP-c.oldeu, ln;bbls, : i5c;, Black Strap/ 10c
y gal- -,;;:-.. -. .- ; ■ ■■..■■■^. -:\ :,■:■■.■ ::;■■■■ ■
• SAN FRANCISCO MKAT MARKET.
■ '!- Wholesale • rates !■ for •- dressed stock ;.' from •" the
■ ' 8iauKhter«-rs.are as follows: . ' ';■,'■ . :. .-' ' ;'■ '...'.; ". . '. .
', ■BtKl'-Kirst qualify, : second dp,;4i/ 3 @
4-">4C: tin r<l do; .,:..„) |.->lb. ; .": '■'.- '/•■... : ' : '','.'/ V. ". "■'
'• v 1. A 1, — I.arire, bic ":;. ■• small. 6@7c f* ft.- '•.■■..-:.;.. ;i ,
;;-;;:MUJ;iuN-^\v,-thvrs, ■. '■•t.66 i »^'(j;-.--Esyes..v;4i^®5b.;
:' V ti.. '•■-.■' ". " ' .:.-■.■. ■■•. ■'..'■. "}-"■ .-■■■■' ••:,.•■-•. ■:;.-•,>■, ■■;•:.
:. :■ I \MB-Sprins.(.ani".6'i6!'jc *.*• :-;'/. : - '.•.•■■:-■
.. Pokk — Live Uogs, ;.V4^,< 8' - "^. lb for larce; and ■
■ for small and mtdiuiii: do, *Va(g,i> •■*/*<-'
: : &*': ,^. ;- _:■:■'. ■■":/ ■'■"■'■■:. ':■ "! ; .. : ":-';' ; ';.- v -"''.'-:•'■" -\<:..^ : >.
■'■ ; ?^ KKCKI PTS OF- PKODUCE. ; ;
■'■ y : i. i '*•"■•:'• :"'-V'. •■ : '-; FOB 24 HOi'lUS :;-..; .;!.V-^ ; \f
, rirnr. or., 'stsii.V'.cliiittO^trawi-toni/.i'iV.V.v :- '• '3'/;
'. 1 >r.-i;on... ....... : .:i0 8VS Fr»T.' mm... ........ 1.000 ■:■
; ; ;T /Washington';;;.;;. t>.°4<) Mlddlingi. »ks..... 101;.
; Wbeat. ctls, :..:.'..'. 4.9H5 r ctls........ 520
• Washinstou..,. . : i.ixoc heeso. ctls.. : ...... 166
-... Barley, ctl«.V...;.v.l,ll>l>.'h:ggs.:dox. ;..... 23,71*0
■ Oats, ctls........... •; 680 Hides. no.... ..-.;•'• 235 r
' ..: ' urecon. .......... •J.hO-M'elts. ....... 4.2t>3v
Eean*. bm. ........ -^ott '.V00U bis. .:....... -^ ..17?'
■ '-. Rye, c.ls..... ...... . "'-■■■ -2» t'-' iircuon .... .; v . '.=•".t$s"
; Potatoes, ska. -;: ; QuicksilTer.'.nMlu ; 7.-\"J .;
"■ '". «iri'. ; ott. ::.;:.•...;;■..;• j..- to Leather, rolli...... ■ :-'-20.'
...- Washington.; ' 50DT.uinber.'M leet,. •,-,;10 : '
.Nevada ........ i.M«7 Wine, pals. ... ...136,400
•_;■ Ocloni. ski. ....... 77 Paper, VreamsvJ.';-.y;;'.2.00Pv
;' • Oregon. .. ;.-.;./'.>'4V4Llme,'bbi».-.v:vi-.-i ■; -.4^0.
.. Bay, ton*,......... : 323 Flaxseed, Or, sks.. •" 168 ;
;.; • hulliir : le(] the nilnlns .shafts yesterday, advan
riuc to r.8cun(ier lieftvy a clrnr gain
1 : of 25c over the |vr<r<Mi;ni. r il.iv. ;: .:l*iitosl- harden.^:
: in sympathy ' i ouohid 3-'c The other stocks : '.
were tiri.i as a rile, cud several gained sli;htly
civer Ueiliic.., i B y's best liKiin 1 *. TLe advance In
;. Chollar was due to Reports of an ore. strike in the
mine. The. close- was weaker all around. ; >.V-V, ":•;*':
vc. On the ; !BondKxchanse.trading was lighter.-. The
sugar storks were easy, and Uutcliinson was
;. lower. San KrnnrKco Gas t fell "back to f 92, and
Edison, to.fllii. : .:.^'.':v i ;;' ■•■•!..' : -.'-' i ' ; vii.':- ; i-.':»&s: •>
\ The yii-ui of Hi- Bclrher mine for the past week
Avns; fortviun :oish;oi or>'. th»- avt-ratre topoarsam
; pl«;of. w:iii.-]i.:vss:iy..d .«]:) :A f-T ton. '•/.• ■>-, - : ;' •.•■-■•:■:
; ,-.';The. joint; : v ; ontidpnce/'OJtttilenb'e''. : Con. and i I.rn
■ | •■rial w f,i i ins, .wt i fropj surfiite i ii.-incl is
• Oil t 604 ;f !•»•■•.■ Hi.- 'fai ois in lKirt! porphyry. '•" -.■•■..;•.,
•"•:■■ 1iij'h( ronn l*oim mine the west -crosscut; on
: the 00 level st.artLH|'fr6ni - th«|:mBln::-northiaterar
:'dr.!ftV'7.6 south of crosscut 1.. is out 4U f.et.
■ 1 be face is all In quartz of • low tirade. '■■: The raise',
from thcsouth drift, oh this level is up 3* ft-et. :The
..'PP. is in quartz and prrpliyry of about same
Rj>psaranc:e and Krade as last reported; Tho sbuf>
rtrlf t on the seven th floor of the raise • on the 1 100
level is now out. 8.) -feet. The face is |n porphyry
•»nd.Jow-'grade quartz.- .-••".■.-•. ■'" J- •-;' :■■ - '••• '. : - •' ■ •■
.'.' The Seeregated . Belcher - DDln« , produced 1 car ■
!^° ad s of ore averaging $22 67 per ton during the]
The Virginia Chronicle contains the following
account of the Occidental Consolidated improve
ment: , "The west crosscut on the 750 level of the
Occidental, which is cutting across the ledge at the
point of the recent strike of rich gold or-, has not
yet reached the footwail, .although it is steadily
pressing to the westward. The crosscut is out 25
fret, and the management think it will have to run
-'5 fret, farther before the foot wall . will be
uncovered, and the ledge is estimated to be
50. feet wide at this point. A hundred feet
above,. at the point where the strike was
■■ m *$*> M 1 * ort * lav flat aeairist. the footwal);
at the point on this lever .where the strike was
made It begun, to th* contrary, inside the hanging
w*)l. ■. Jistimatiiig from the pitch of the ledi^e. the'
w«lls of which were very straight .oil the 650
levej, and the distances covered in reaching it on
pot n levels, the conclusion is warranted that the
ledge is of the width stated or '• nearly, so. The.
crosscut on the 750 level Is passing through rock
of a mixed character at present— bunches of rlcn
ore mingled with quartz. The quantity of pav ore
uncovered, already is -considerable, and has m
rhTl'l 8 ''" 6 productive value of the mine mate-
The stock of the Pioneer Gold Mining Company
of a ni ad or County has been -. listed at the San
> rancisco Board. .... '■ "■''.<•;.
| The south Idaho Consolidated Mining and Mill
ins Company of Nevada County has levied an as
j'i"."'^" 1 Ol ''* ° X cent per slmre delinquent
Under date of April 25 Geonre J. Smith, paper
nuudent of the Grant gold mine, Tuolumne
County, reports: ■• .
."Since my letter of April 18 tunnel 3 has ad
\anced4 feet In quartz, making a total of 153 feet
4 inches. * ace of tunnel is in quartz, thequality
01 which is improving. The water is Increasing
and is coming In from face."
,. r Tct al >«» of the Gold Mining Exchange from
March 16 to April 30. inclusive: Grant, 144,200
shares: Thorpe, 48,000; Savannah. 49,350; Cham
pion, 1600; Keystone, 900; Providence, 900:
m .iiwf' 9 " 3251 Kennedy. 1100; Lock wood Con.,
b 1.300; Sevastopol, 5860: Mayflower, 600.
I he following local Incorporations disbursed divi
dends during the past month :
if amic. . per Share. Amount.
Bank or California. *3 00 S30.000
Nevada Bank... 150 45 000
California Safe Deposit 75 15 0,0
lireman'sFuud Ins. Co 3 00 30,000
Pacific Surety Co .......... 2 00 '.' 000 '
Cali:ornla Title In 150 3,750 i
KOisou L. and P. Company... 66=/ 8 13,333
Oakland Gas Company ■: 25 . 7,500
Pacific Cjas Imp. Company.... 50 15,000
1 RCihc Iiightiii!,' Company 30 •'. ' 6 000
S.F .Gaslight .■ 35 35.000
Stockton Gas und Klectric... 30 • '■ 3,000
Mann County Water Co... ... .'75 '■ ' 4.500
Spring Valley Water 50 61,500
Han Jose Water ....;.... 60 4.241
California-street Cable Co...... •■ 50 " 5,000
Market-street Railway. .;.....-. : 60 •■ 112 500
titl er-stri'«-t Cable. . .' : . .-'. . . ; . .' - 125 ■ 23 000
Alaska Packers' Ass'u , 75 : 35.532
nutchiu.sori Plantation .»..,..;•■ 15 '•• 7 500
Pacific Transfer Co ..;.-■ 50 •"' 3 HO.)
Pacific Telephone v;'.',..' :•.■.;■..;■' 30 :'. 9 300
.Sunset Telephone..;-..:. ,;.-.;■.:..'■ 20 ■ " 6,000
Alaskn-Mexloun Mining Co... 10 '.-.■•• ' 18,000
Alaska-Trtadwell Mining Co. 3<'».' 2 . '75,000
gaps Con. Q-.-'M . ..; . . .... . :■... . 10' ' . . 10,000 j
Morning .star .Mining CO."...:. 6 00 : , 14,400
Highland. Mining; Company:.. 25 ' "' ■■ 25,000
Jlomestake .M. Company. ..:>. 25 . ... 31,250
Ontario Mining Company..... 10 ' 15.000
•; Total. „. :.:...„.„.;.:...„ $728,306
A summary of the dividends for April is: an
nexed: .'. . ■.'■■.• :■• ■. •-■•.;■ . ■■..'••■•■,■■•■•.•;■;
'-"■■' : -y\ .'■'•~^ v : ':%■:• "■: i >'- 1895. ".^.; : 189e. :^
Banks. ..-.:;.%•.■.-... ;V.....vi:^$150.QOO : 150,000
Oh? companies ............ -88,333;. V,.r79 833-
Water tonipHhfes.-i.'. ;i.:...^- f "••.7t»,T441.. -.*''"■' -70, "4T'
:IiiHuraiice::vbnipiioies'..':.-. .';:<-: 32. 000 - '•'33,750 >■'
Powder companies. :... ... --7i5OO ■ ' ■■ ..■.■■.■.•'■•;
Street railroad, -bmiianies. .:.'.: 35,000 : ''- 112,500
6ugar'toujpanle8..i:;i.'i;4-.i.;...'";;- 7,500 ' '.. 7.500 :
.Telephone companies.... . 20,700 v ' : ' " 15.300-
Miinng companies;.'.^::'., ■..:.•;.; 156,250. > ' 188. «50'
Miscellaneous companies. .... ....... ;' .:.' 38,532
;-^Totat.;.;.-^;;..:;;^;/;.v:';;$576,62i^'-f728,aoiii :
j.-Vv:V',.:;v"'- l BOAKU ;^ALEis.
':'. Following were the '«»»»» "i» *.tb« '. n*n . Pr»n sluoV
Hoc* Board ye«terdfty: . ■ : ;*."o-' : •.'•".'.•. ':i'."-. \:. "- ; -.".'
.KEBlTI.XR.MORNi>ro.' SKMIOS V^OMMKNCrVri 9:30. i
100 Andes 27 .2200 Chollar . 5 1 3'>O Occdtl ..1.35 ;
300 Beicner.'.;4^900 '.'•:>. ■.'.;.;■. '.'.SOil 200 ...,..1.HO :
200 : -. ; , 1 ..;.. ;j ."iO'SOO ......... ..63700 .: ; ■: ■'. ,-.' : 1.25 ': !
350 i. .\ li .... 6 >■ 300 .:..;..;:.. iV62 1 200 Potosl ..'.:»
150 Vv;'..:'.>.:.:v,:57 MOO ...:.........54nOO „..,.. .30
500 Bu.iion. . m 200 G * C.i ;-.;'.'4'S .iob Savage.:;.. 30;
450 Bulwer...3ti|IOO ....; ... . . .4-|7«K) Meg Bel.... 16
1550 CC&V:l»7b 500 HdtN...l.t'. : :; 00':K.-Nev. :-. 63
■MH) < rwn PU..3: 30») Mexican. :>- -'00 Union.. ...04
100 .......... r .00 .. -I-.-:.: .-'. .ia ~ [ "50 I) tab-. .: .•'.'.04
100 ............ 34 i50UDhir...;.i. ftpOY Jackt,..37
• :•■'. '.' .'■'. .-; '•:;'.. a jirica-sr.'op.!*v.B'ES!»'ic»N ;i.:; : o.' .:■ .-.-' .'■ .':■■''■:■'■ '■'.
100 Andes. ; :28;2750 ChoIlar..tfH 1700 Potosl.. .37
ll>0 Belcnrr. ..49 200 .67iOO.:.- - -.: ..3(i
100 .; .;;...: ; . ; 4 81 1 00 CC V >;„ ] .75 700 6a v» e e; . ..32
.750 B A B. . • .57'3O0 O »ft C: ...-.4S ! 7u0 sieg' Bet. ; : 16
'". Hi:.... :.'.:.■.; 561200 HAN .-.'.1.2b -400' V:V. '.:.; 17. "
2tK):Hodle.;Uv5U 450 Mexican. 35 s Nev 63
i'00 Bullion.. 14 1600 OccUiu 1.25 2i»'l I'nion. . . . 65
600 Bulwer....31 40<»Ophlr .1.25.S00 i..;;; ; ....54
2U0 Cballug... 500 Ovrmn 13100 Utah .04
Following were uie 'We* .in; lui Pact.lo ■
;fco«nl;jtsterda>^::v.-.-'-'. : l^-}>-^'::\' : ;:i')i-: : ::.- : 's :^
,■;:."■■■•.■''■' -■■■;.• KEntTLAR ■■illlill 70' III : '"-■/■ - : - " V
; 700 : a if* »•'•::- • 1 3 «00 CCV . 1.771, 200 occid . 1 . 27
BOO Ali» ..O819OO ...,.:..,. 1% 300- Ophlr 1.27 • -
300. Andes , ; . : % Jb : 150 Court..... .J* 1 600. V.vii .-;.V.:lvio.-"'
.".S (Ml .: . .. ■.: is. . -J9fOOC Imp. ...01 hOO Ovrmn....ll
3400 Ke1ch«r..49ftOO .:."..;..;.:iO2:UOU Potosi...S2
1400 B&B 59 4OOCrwn I'l.Vai 1HO0 ....31
:»ooi.^.;i;; i 58 1200 .:/.;.vi^33H0«i.;: r .^^:30
1200 \... :..;.". 57 300 Excnqr. 04 900 ......J9 :
300 ; i.-.....:::i5.6 sup U 4 C^;.l.4i 1000 :;;:.. ...28 :
350 Hodle... 1.00 w: :;;;:.. 4 V 201) ......... .27;
100 .. ;..„,.: 60 300 HAN 1. 27^800 Savage. 30
16U0 Bullion.. 14 iOUO:.:;.::;.l.- i -6 500 Scorpion..04
400 ....... .;..l 500 Julia v.06 SOU SB4M. ..16
1000 Careda.. .On 5OO JustireTi.'.OS bOO S Nev..62W
900 Ch»lln« i .37 1000 Kentuck'14 500 :v... : :X:.-v.ba j
500 CholIar....45 5O0 L Wash... 04 1000 Hill.. 02
200 ;;..:;. i.-.;47 1800 MeXicau33 C.6,3 ;
:<0l)0 ....... .;.4H'300-^:;...i;^341400 ...'>4
1800 ......... 50 1200 Occid. .1.35 500 Utah.. ...04
800 %;..... -:.i-i'M : . 900 ..........13, :i400.Y Jacket36
700 .:..,;,.. .v55 *'«);. .,.:... l.;-su300 V.:;:.u.:..37
JOOC ■■:.::.:;-. 56S00 ....... .1.25i ■•. •■■■■, >- : '.■■:■, .-' v ■ .;•■.; • •;
: \-::.~'.: ... . ArrKKypox HKSSIC1N— 1 ■"•■' ; ■;-■- ■(, '■".
600. Aloha..^U2^^500 Cbollar .57 20ooccd. . ..1.30
30() Alts..:... (8 100 .. ./....;.. 6S 200 ..:....l.27Vi I
J4 00 Andes ... 100 f/. ..:;:;... f.J) l'-iOO .1.^5
700 Belcne'r.-.:49 1200 .:.. V.;:.:6«;. "><•<) ;...>:.l.22i',
lC'OO J..:..,....4Si2W ...... .::,.: 6) 1000 Opliir.. 1.25
HOO ..::...:„. 472500 .. .;;.... i6J 600 O.vrmn ; ..11
1200 1) <£. : B... 671300 „ ....::. 64,1200 1'otosi. .34
300 ■.'».-:...' .v.-.'; 68 300/. ,,.....;/. 65 2000 Hnvage. . 31 i
«00 Bodie .49500 1. .....:;. V.6B 300 .....32
;40av;;jv.:;::;.60 900^..::^;.<:..67 J 1000. ;r:^:.v^33;
1500 Bullion. .15 1400 C Point. . 34 *iK>0 !<(.orpton05 :
200 Bui wer....;sO 1800 CJ * C....44 S 1} A.M.. 16- j
500 Cnled.. . -.(>.'• *>00 : . .-;.. -V ...4i! 801) Nev... ..63 :
400 Challnc«*..37 900 HAN ....1.25 500 S Hill....
1200 CCA V. 1.70 Justice. ...05 1200 U hlon . ;.&5
200 V;.: : .,i !.72'o900 Mexican. .33 801) Utah.:;. : ..0&
100 Conti. 100 Mo:io.....l6 90J Y J*ckei..36
LOSING QUOTATIONS.
::"..:.■•; ;/'f- :'.." :'-;." ; : THURSDAY. April 30-4.P. »i.
■■: .- '.'.." ■-■'■■' jttii'.Aiiril. :1\. :'/-:} ■' '■'■?.[ '.-.' ■tli-*.Ai'ce4:
Alpha C<\n..... -.12- .13 Isrkson = 40 •: '■:"—■
Alia.;....:..,.. 07 Of'.iulia. ....... 07 •-".— .
. A jiae«.. .;•..•.;..•■■ 27:;-. : 2?? J!i«tlce;;V.;.;.« ;. 04' - 06
: Ueicher-. ...46 •.".■; 47 -KcntucK. •..'..« :'■—'■: : 04
B*st *B«lcaee, . 56 "■*."> ! adv Wasn.... — • -J-.vb-
•L'txil*;.;.'..•„.-.:. 40 ': 60 Mexican....... 33 -•::■ 34
bullion.... ...... 16 If Mono... ..... 15 . '"'16
• Bnl ... . i ... - .;■ 30 ''; :■ 32 Nevada Uiioea. ■ :■- — ■ ; • 05 •■
C*.l*abhia-.'.V.li : --: 04 •■ * 6 Occidental*.. 1.20 v -1.25
niallengeCon.- ''35 ■: ■ 36 ......... 1.20 l.-.\>
Lboliar .;!... Vi.'i' * 62 -' •' fiH Uverman ..... ■ 12 -V--.1 : 1
lon.Cal..fe Va.li65: 1.70 t'oio* ;;;..;;^ 33. -^%35 :
Cuu. lmDonai. . 01 ;~ 02iSavf b»/,,;v>;-.V '30 v -.'.3'l>
Continence..... 76 ■ — >est. Belcner... : 'v-'ltf :; : ' 17;
Con.New Yorx. : " — .0-JlKIerra.Ne.va4a,":;.' 62-.;:. 63
Crown Point,... .. 83 ■". . r 33 scorpion :.'.:'... ■ '02 "■ '■.':—■■
.'EastSierraAa*'-. — : .'.";- 04 Silver Hlli... — ;■ 01 '•':.■ 02
tiichequer..... 04 ■':06 l Pyndlcat*....^ .. 03-,'V- 03
' Eureka Con./..- — ' "•' : 25 Union Con..... 54 - ; 65
: Would 4. Curry. .--: 40 ; "• 41 Ul*h...;.. : .04..' V 05 ■'■'■
-.11 hie «t IS orcr*. 1,20 1.25 Yellow Jaclce4..3B . Jjg r
GOLD MININC: EXCHANGE.
100 Amalie ;.;.';> -1 55U00 Lock wood Con.. 33
200 ........ .....v:...;16«'!60O ..,:.... ..... ... 34
100 .............. ..1 65|2000 ...........;.,. 35
! -'. Champion ..... . •' ; 600 : ••.;:.:'..;'•;■ • : ; 36 i
Bid V. ; .-...;.;: .iv:.2O 00 300 Savannah.:... V. ' 42 i
Asked./ ....HO 00 x00Uv^;v . •;-.'.'.;." : 41
400 (irant... ..:V. 24|eiOO . -"•.■■ ' ■'■ ■ ' '■ 40
400 ;/.:,. •.;■..:::...:;-- 251500 ..;.........,..... 39;
■':'.'-.: jKenhedy>'.-;;;,i--.- .'-,-/ I /5'» Sebastopol... . . . .*• 65'
: Bid.....: /-.■.-;■:'•: II 50 .00 ; ................. : -60
; As>(,Hi. ....... .......13 00 lOO .......... ......... 62 I
/:■-.'• ■ Keystone. .vli'.i-^':' 100 ;-:;J'.".-;.v.'V.i."-i'-l>';:' •''"•' 83!
: Bid i .;-..v. i ::;y^i;;65pC 1 loo;;.;.',;.-....;.-;...:.;./ .'59; i
.':• v;Vj;'.;~ . \ :.:-.'' LOCAL SKUBITI K •- ■'■' ' ;: -; ! •■•:'■'.■:'.■:; ■ /:-.
Bid 60 Sun Francisco (ias. ...... . 9150
Bid 50 . Sprint Vitll.yWttter..... .......... .100 00
Bid 2- Hum boldt Ban ;•.•;■»•;; .•;^.-:^;-::- 1 .'. 1 100. 00
STOCK AND BOND EXCHiANGE.
THUKHuay, April 30-3 P.M.
£^^*ftv' i: _: ...;-. : ry?TH> sr.ATiai BiiNua. % K'^\\\. '■'■.'■: '"?
Jtin. Atfcnl.r Bi': Atka.1
: D 6 4s coup .;. 1«8> 4; --%: v :|U:.'8" ret... 10>- % i09 •
Do, new is. . . 1 lsi, a! I0i, a i ■/.:i^. '. 'v^^ /■; .V ;•:,.-.■. : : - :
.-'■.'■.-"'••.■.■/.-:,.'•;!.:' MiKoKi.i: ■; ..,.:<, Bf,-N-:n.. V ■ .:'^f v 7\/.
; CaI-n:Cb1e:>s. — 113 'MDo: 2d lss-'fl>. : >^-'--' ; .^ :^-"'v
. Cai Elec lids. ■-:.— -- lwai« P *O Ky 6s. 105 : 130 "
CntraCW 5s. 851,-j, 97 il'&CU Kv 6a. -:.;:io7A4
; Dpnt-stex-cp 77 .« .'■'-. «5 . Pwl-st . :' — ' 116 \Z-
EdsnLA-P 6s. 120 :.'■:. ■— '. . K«ho. WLA1. ' _ .. 105 '...;
i'&CUKIia».10i 107 r iKlverW CoOs — 100 "-
Uearv'StK.'>9. 101 104 . t-'actoP. it- L 100 •:•' lo-J«k
; LoaAncJb&si — : ', 10S : ' eFANPKR5«10_'V a 10ai.,
Do,Onted. «»...-': 103. bPRKArlx6» 951/4 8«i'4
.Mkt-atCbIe6jia3r - K BPl > .HCal6a..l08V4Vll. ■ '
VCoRyCori53.. 106- .-:.•- • -. SPKKCaia*^ '—i- . _ '
KevLNgKTs. 95 - 105 .,,' Bi'BrKColBs. "••: 9Si4'99 ' =
N C H 11 107% J^--' BVWater6s..'119V4J19!«i :
It Hy Cal tis. 1013 4 i03^jSVWater4s.., 100 100 *
K By Chi i>s. — ■ v : />-->-.-|Stlrt.'nt} < tEB!"- — ; 101 Va
Oak Gaa Ji.lim 104^2 SunslT&T6a. 100 '=. •'.— *■
•Do* 2d iss 64.103. ■'■: ■■— ■:■ Sutter-stK5s.H0 ■-•^-■ n .
Omnibus 6s.. ligVilHO- 1 VlaaliaWCdt — ■• ftl
PacKollMt5s_.. ; .-^-.v-..— ■ : . ;•;..;.-.> •.:•.. A .-. ; ";-:.vV ; :.. .;'.
'■::.'..- ;a:. ; ■^•^^■■•>Vaticr UTOCKV : .' w-\v ~v~ '■• <:'■
Centra Costa. 37^ .40- (Ban Jos«..... ' 75' 100 : :'
itartnCo.... . -. :.. 61%ISprIn«y»U«7l00%100.Vi
-.•'•." - : '•...:/• ,.' . "•;' '.-i At bTOCK< •.'•" ■•■'•.'•.•^i": .■-..•.".•.•.-;;!•..!
Capital. .1/V — V- 40 iPacIflcLlgHt. 46 :...48" ':
. Central Vi. :.•.•. fl5- : .- — San £ ranasco 93 92Vh
Oak Q LA H. : 52»4 531*, Siocktou. .... — ' V -- *iv£
k m-iina imp. b6 V-'.-86V* : ,. : v v: .'•"•";*: "".'■■■' ■'•'■•v'-'i : ": ■ . i
.'■•■:"-■;■ v, •■."■- '- .-IVSUKa > ■ -'. STOCKS,.'. '■..-■' ;■;;'«;•
HWmausFd.170 •"'. ..— '.. . ,|bun.. ;:...-,-.. -.4 ) X- ■ : ';
..;'',. -..." •; •-.-:.>• roMMtRCiAL B-iJNric <rro-K% '.-.' ■:.:■■ ' :. '•'■'
imM-BftTC,' ••'. — %— : '-:- .Lx>n'IonP&;v.l28 ISO ;
■Anglo-Cal ... 51 .59 •-' |Loudon&SP. — :; -27y.'
tank ot Cat . : •-•>-•'•. iMerch Kx.... lj .;':. ' — ••.;
CalSDATCo.. • 63Va : 65 : iNevada...... — : :■:" -. •'
Klrst>'attonL178 182Vii'*ftlnef B Oo- -•'-«..,' — . ■
(•rangers...; — .-. — _:■ | _. . ; - " ••'.'•..•-.': '..'.•' ••'".- . '•' ';
'•::. : ■•.'•'.■'•'• li": "avisos : BAific'sTocK: I '.-r ; .'". .:''-'■ - : i- ;
GerS<i:LCo..0415- .>'-;• • SavALoaa.;. — :••" 101 •:
HumbS*L.llO0 1450 .• Security.:..- V— -"260 - :
Mutual ; 371 3 40 .. Union Trust. — 810 ""
•bP-savUhiob--— - 185.-- 1 '.•;•■.■ -•- -;-••• ■■■■■■.■•-■: :':-:
■••'=■:■ -: ; - ■-■-■-. r-';'^. .• ''■' : '■' :■■:" ■:■':'■'-■": *&&:*•
. 6TRRKT KAILROADSTOCKV
Marltel-st.... 45 V a 461/i Sutler-":.....! - - "
troWi.t* sTiiCKi. ■ * .: ;"
Atlantic D... 16 _ ; IHlson _ _
California.... »o _ Iv^m...::.. 85c 90c
«;■■•-. '^-•^ l i ; *^ stock*. . :■••■■
K&Twt£&!; ~ ?6Vs!0ceftp| C S3C0 261/2 29 "
SlSrtAMIU^ ~" 10 p »CAuj;FA.. .1. - \
SSSSl- -.•■- Pac Borax... 93 100
*»? ; ue • 117 • ; r2cioVMai . ~- .. : " v •/
i.aaeonAssn. - - IParfralntC*. 6V4 7Vi
G^rlpa,i(o. 85 _ " PacrransOcx V-^, ?4.-
S'^f^' J?-% 2CviiracT *TCO BS' • • 70 • .- •
J 1 "^^ h x ?Sr 2^ S/8 . 2 2 3 /i;SuDsetT*XVi .41: -.. .
JBdBonMfsC.^ _ . • . UnitedCCO..- - - Mb i :
Her Kx Assn 100 ■: 1 10 | •■ . / •.'■' •...-. ; " '. f - r - ' '. . :'■ '
'■■ ■•••■'■■ i? SAI.E3— MOaNI.VO ' 8K8SIOX-. •• •' '.'■■•."•
Bc&ra — . ■■•'i',-- • '•■.. ..•■..• ' ■. ■ • ■.:.-.•
25 Hutchlnson 8 P Co... '„.;.; .^.y'-'o.j^,:/. : :
25 ; ■ do .'.■do.': •.::.„.... ■ v; . . . • 2° -25 ■■' ■'
100 do • do "'• - r - -----* .-.-.•-. ::V. T £." .'.! - «is 00 y :
<5 do do .'.". wi'ivj.
10 Pacific Gas Imp...; ■;...".'". v "/.]';.. 86 00' *
-'8 F Gaslight, bS....:.......,;. ; I" So 00 "
ysooo avix Bonds....,;,.;..;. .:;•;;:; iSo as .v
100 Vigorit Powder .....".■i.Vr.;.-"" 80 ■■
••• •■'• .sales— AFTERXOOX SKssro>r.''.' : • •:
• :■ Board — i •; " .:".; -.■ • • '.••■.•.■.••
3S I :<lison Light <t Power Co.. ..»:...„ >16 00
!■> Hutchinson s I» Co.....;, ....... ; , 22 G-'U,
100 Giant Powder Con 21 00
25-. do do ,.\ '"'■ 24 "5 ■
25 do .do . ....... ■■■"■■" <>4 -171 _
mo do do .::.....":■■* -"456
KM) MarkPt-st Railway, b 2 ' . '"' 40 00
*..000 Marke'-st Con 5% Bonds.......... 106 00
Gaslight. ........ . ' 92S7>
100 Vleorit Power ........ "•)(>'"
Street— .. . ■ ■■ ' ". " ' :' ; , •
40 b V Water..... ............ 100 12 Vi
GRAND HOTEL. . ;
JE Prescott, Auburn H Greet. St Paul
A B Alexander. Cat J C Mogk, Colusa
i) Mogk, Colusa ■ TU Kerier, NY
C WernKren, Portland LMdntosh, Cnico
E Smith, Pul6 Alto C C Picket!, Chicago
JK Krownlee, Vallejo a Diibbess, San Rafael
W Smith, Sacramento C K Daly, Eureka
jv H Harron, Geysers J II RoiirkeA w, Colusa
J>r Cross & f, Eureka Mrs Stevens & f.Chatham
£ II Mosher, Batavia J Reed, Cloverdale *
<i \V Thorne, Colorado M K Thorne. Colorado
II \V Riddell, The Dalles \V E Hawkins, Hollister
P W Breen, Hollister Mrs Parmeier, Wlnthrop
W B Mitchell. X Mer J T Rader, Ohio
A 8 Adams, Kalamazoo J U Joy, Salinas
b Pierce, Portland W Stace, Chicago
-Mrs Miller, Oakland \. Mrs 0 Murphy, Oakland
-Miss F Murphy, Oakland H .1 Carman, lacoma .
C M Lassel], Martinez W Cole, Providence
Mrs Moore, Winnipeg F A Yatts. Chicago
\\ Gar.an * Gr Rapids JC Slice, Stockton :
»v h (.nsss, Stanford ; Mrs R White, Napa .
Miss White, Napa T Bndd A w, san Jose •
(. Hollister Mrs OF Potter, Colo Spr
K Graham, Chico Mrs Burns, Milwaukee
D Uollister. Courtland Mrs Dr Flint, San Juan
C Leadbeater, Jr, Stcktn H Chad burn, Pleasanton
•V:?'- •'''.•; -'■:■•. '-■•; PALACE HOTEL. . {/ ; , : .-.••. '.
0 HHamond, Chicago J Maston. X.V. :i v.;J: . . -
F W Howe, Salt Lake. T F BurRdorff, U 8 A •" " .
\\ m Thompson, Rend; V : J K.Lewis,, Santa Clara
1 Smith. Santa Clara ,\ Mrs de Rosa, Santa Clara
1«1« urd .Morse, B C ,. G Pamvelyn, Mont .
A.a Hook, 1 os Angeles j JM Iiavies it y.\. Lob Ang
J. S Iieane & w, Pa >.. J Klein A w, N V . ..
Bl , l !vJJ- Ix>uis .• -. :- Mrs J A . raiidail, N- -Y:^.-
Mrs I' McLangblin, a Crz Miss A Mrl.aiKshhn.S Crz
J Meyer & w. NY .■■;. ; Mrs I> B Cnriis, N V - . • •
H Kucker, San Jose \. Miss M c Curtis, NY ••' : r
> c sc-hetike, Salt lake :. K A i d.-:y A i V . Mo t : : .
Mrs j c Thornton. Mont Miss 1 linrnton. Mont :- '
}\ S Hunter & w.Toledo Ii Stevenson Menlo Prk
H Stevenson. Jr. Park J r,tiin,:si7i.ouis •: v . i •:
Mrs E >i Kaslon, 111 : , ■ Miss B B Hall, III •:■■-.
Mrs R,A Smith; I11.V:. ':;: Mrs M C l'ur»i-r, 111 '•>'.-: '
Mrs H Bancroft, Boston s H . Howe, N Y
-■'' -.:•'.■.':. V.V; BALDWIN IKllKI.. ■:..-:..; - : \. :? ■ ; V.'. "■■'■
HB Price, San Rarael. j S Banden & wf, S Jose
S C Newhall. Sail Jose ' T II Selvage, Fureka ■■ s\;
H>Ii.Fotce .U--S.C »: ■> ! --J-.MarcuVe.-& wf. Wash : - '^
o Rollins* Phcpnix •; ■; -;.- Q HIldretn.Madera ; .
W C Wilson, Woodland = ■ J Taylor, X e v ' I •". ' r :: ": / ■
Jl.K Parihenter, US N" T L Morris, Ohio ■' : '. "'■
££?SE \ v l ;I:an ' s :: - '^AM. Williams. Conn •' :"
H. G'Trirdricks, Conn •• ■ ..W.BMadaock, Eng: ' •
W K Knapji. N Y . U Sc-,,tt, Viilleio ••:*::':• ' V-:;
O;Purns.-:>eattlp;~-.... ■;.; T Miller, Seattle; ■■.':•■■ ; 1 '-",'
■1 l: Morton, Portland C Berry., st Louis ! ' ■•' '■*> "
II Thomas. Kl Paso .: : H ColHna, El Paso • .
B Berg,:Texis;; •; . •;.•■ /,. ,W HSroit, Texas : ■ - : .'•
■/{/. '■;: NEW WESTERN . hotel: .; ..::■';;
J G Porter; Madera :^.:C II DoiieRah.Nw Haven
c (; enberg, Selbys ,;•; .; ,J; !> Karre,;, Saratoca ■>
Best, Lorin •..:•.-•: .■. i : Morse, l.orin ••"
Miss J. A Brown, Brklyn Mi.-,s McbonaM; Portlnd
K Gamble Aw, Seattle .i J J Brown, Aneeles 1
RCWatklm, Uvermre J> Donuhtie; Knoxville '■■
KJ Adi-.ms, Chicago ; . 1' J. Knb.x, Alameaa • " '; ;
F W.McClaln, Oakland- Jas A Smith. Nw Orleans
K D Andrewg, St. Louis v>-. • ; - ■ : ;; •. ■ -
' ■ «■ -'♦■ —^— — -ii- ' '-■ ;• '■
May, 189«. . . X
>i. Mo. Tu-I^l Th-| ir H H »-j Moon's PhaS]
■?•"•; ■-'■'. ■'■ v -i- - ; ■•'.- '■- .VX ■■■: ■,2' ; - ,■:■ .--/j^..::--.'^. ■■■■.: .
-■:;• . ■• .•■*-■ ■■■■■■■■ •.'/■■:' : : -.■■■■■■■.■■,:■. ■•./?> Last Quarter. •
• .-..•• ■.-.■■ ■■ "~~ ■~~-~ ~ r ~ .rr^ r^7*;|xS/.: ■ •: -j. May.i. ■-
>* -4;; .6.- :.e--;- .-.7: .-8.. -.&v j /.;;-- •.-;:.••;•/■;;•■•. ■
. ■- ■•. ,•• : "-TT r^ r^ crrr^ rrrr /*»>-.• New -Moon. : :
10 ; - 11 12 .' IS | ..j.4- 15 ,16.; •-£/,;: : ; : May 13.
17 ! 18 19 20 21 •;' 22 ■!■ 23 '/-^ First Quarter
: S— - ■— '~rr- — — -t— :V?<.;. ;, : May 19. .:
,,24/ ys 1.-.JS6 -.27 ■ ' :'28. : 2&; g^}: ■;','" .'-.'■: '..'^r^T ':■
. '^^^ -r^l-^— ■ '^- 1 -' ■—^— ,-t-: - — !^k Full Moon. : .
•■3V'A>- -■';.■•; ;;J^S/-'\.;V.May 26.
DtttrK of Departure From San Francisco.
- : ; KTKAMKH ■;{ I'KSTINATtON.] [. . ■■ BA IJ,S. ■;" r I EH,- ■;; :
Fomona. .-.; tiumbohi: Bay May 1. . 2rii ' Fler 9 : .' ■
Corona...... |e»anDieeo..... ,May 1.11am Pier 11 '• v
*an Juan.... rajiania. ...... May m I'M SS '
f'tteol U, »'ortH»nd._.. .May 3.10am Tier 24v.",-: "
Eureka.'.... ;NewDOP. ...... Slay 3, »aii Pier 11 °
Cltvl'uebla.. Vic & l*et:Sn<1: May .; 4. 9am Pier 9 ; ■"
ARianchani Oregori ports.." May S. -.5 Fir ' i'ier 13 •■
8«nt» Koi*.. s« n Uleiro, '..■..■ May. : 5.1U« Pl«r iiy- - .
City Pekinc. China <t Japan May ; 5 ; -3pm P M.S S- : :
On 7ah«...... Mexico MaV. : 5,10am Pier. 11 ■"••■ ■
A.raKO.';;.... ,1'om ■ tta,'r.''. :. May S.IUam I'ler IS •'
>nran6D — i lea ulna Bay. May 6, 9am Pier 2 ■ . ; ' -
Weeou..... : . EerKiyer.;.;".i' -May 6. '9 am Pier 13 ;■'
; *.! '.Paut:;;. ;..: NawDOR ;..... May 7. ; Pam Pier II '•
; Columbia...-. Portland ....;.. May 8,10am Plfr:24"
Colon.; :i ;::■;■ Panama:;:..-.:: Mii><"8.12 : m P M- S8 : :
_^*Jtkamkr I From | net .;.-.
KureKa. ..... ....•Newport........... . ;>. j .May ' X :
Colon. ... ....... i Panama.. ■..:.;.;../.:';;;; V.May. -.2
Alice Blancnanl Fortlandv.;^..'.;'.. .^;.;. ; ..May 'i
Wellington...... Departure .......... ..May 3
Bants Ko»«.. -«n Diego.. ........'...;.. ..May : 3
Weeo.lt..-..; h>i River.';,. ■..;... wi:.i : ..May 3
Araro. ..;...... "•■ Coos ! Bay ..».....,. :.-.•. May :■"•*' '
romona. | Humbouli Bay....-.:..;. ..May '-4-
Farallon. ...... v V aanlpa Bay ............ ..May ■; 4
n.... ....... ; -.>......■..;;.;'. v [.. May 5'
Tnickee ..'....; .; : . ... Tlllamoplc........ ........ ..May : 6
Colombia.... I'aiiamJi.';.^.;.;',,;,.:,.. ..May 6
*tl'aul..... ;.\ Newport.;;.....-.....:.:.; ..Mny 5
alia \V alia..'.;' ;Victoria&;PuKet.»oana ..Mny 5 ;
Crescent city. . . Crescent C:tv_ .......... ..May. ft :
• North :^orK. :•;".-.■ H URi*6oi'at:li'ay .......... -;. May 6
Willamette D^rariufe Bay.;.;..;..', ..May ■ 6
Coos Bay.. .;;.... IMexico... ................. '.' ..May 6
Corona;, .;:.' Siiri Diego.'. •.;'.-;•..; i.'..:-.;:'- '"V:5iay"--7. :
Monowai. ....... .Sydney ;!'...; ;■.;...'..:..; ..May 7
Empire. ........ ; Portlana......... ....... ...May 10
(Slate of Cal.... Portland. ............... i. May 10
- - - - -- _.■
"V C. 8. Coast : AND Oeo.i>ktio SritVEf TidiV ' '
■ ■'.■';. r.n.LKTIV JPvbivIshkd Official • •.V>w
V .AtTTHOKlTY: OF THK-SUPHRINTKNDKNT. >/) '^
__ ':.■ Friday. >lay 1.
Sunrl8*s.. > .. i . r. 11 Moon rises... ...11.55pm
sets :..„... ■•:-.».7.0-' | Moon 6et9....... i - : - : '•■;■ -a-
May-:180<5.
> Tl^ Fee: llM F }■ Wu&\ Feet
5 II 'V j 'foS I I,: : AVJ v .y\ i;HwJ;- I73#,y V ;; :
ll";V--2i ■■■•■S'S 8.48—0.9 :,■ 4.391 -3.5 -'8.82 4C2.9-
2-2.14 -.5,2 9.41 —0.8 5.42 3.6 .9/50 v 3.1
3 :3.22 < SO io.4i -0.6 •' « 35 ':,XS n.-M 8.2
4 -4,45 4.5 11.36-0.3 7.1H 4.0... -.'.V/.?'-
■.■;. ! L W Feet , H : AV Feet L- \V Fpet It-W Feet
;5| 0.85 1 SO -6.11 ;. 4.K ; 1'_»/:H 0.0 . ; 7.:.2-..-4^3.' :
6 2.00. ■■; 2.6 ; .-7.i!4 .>.-4.3. .. ; l.'JU : 0.4 v 8 24 ■ 4.5
7 '..4b 2.o ;. K.32V4.1 VJ.04; 0:8 H-.M 4.7:.:
Note— in the aoove^xjjoMMon or the tlrte* the
•arly morning tides are given In the left hand
OOluran, and the successive tides of the day in the
oMerof occurrence as to time. Th«y second time
column elves the. *econd tide of the day, the third '
time column the third tl.le, and the last or r'^lu
hand column given the Ir.st tide of thr day. except j
when therx are bui three tides, as so'meiuu. s
occurs. The helorhts Riven are additions to the
Hound ings on th« United SuiU's Coast Survey
chriris. except, when aniUms s'-n (— ) precedes tho
neigh', and then the numtK. ,,lven Is sublractive
from the deDth given bv lie chart* \:
Bbaxcr Hydrooraphto Officb, U. a. x. •>
■■ .-.'•■. ;". ' MKJt'CHANTH' ■EXCBAX««.. Y
■/■:'■ Ras Francisco April 80. 189*. )
Tb» time', ball on Telegrapn lull was dropped
exactly at noou to-day— i.e., ml noba of the l/20th
meridtau, or exactly. at 8 e- %t.. Oreenwlcii tim*.
A. F. Fechtei.-.ck,
Lipiuennnr I', s. N.. In ■ uar^e.
Arrived.
THURSDAY, April 30.
Stmr Doric. Smith, 23 days from Hongkong, via
Yokohama 13 dan, 2'2 hour* and 18 mm; pass
mi i mdse. to O4O8S Co.
stmr Rival. Johnson. 15 hours from Fort
Bras«: lumber »nt! r r lies, to Union Lumber Co.
Stmr Bonlta, Downinz. 54 hours from New
port and way ports: produce, to Goodall, Perkins
*.Cov ■■ : . j .--■■.■■■•. ; ■' :."■;• ■;. ■■'■■
Stmr Gipsy, Leland. 19 hoars from Moss Laad-
InK and way ports; produce, to Goodall. Perkins *
Co:;'--. : . V .-■■: ■;- - •;•;-'";:; ■- ■'"; '
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 61 hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports: pass and mdse, to
Cioodall. Perkins &. Co.
Stinr "Navarro, ilardu-ick, 15 hours from Men
dociup: paa.s and mdse, to Memiocino Lumber Co.
Stmr Newsboy, Fosen, 20 hours from Usal;
'J65 M ft lumber, to Usal Lumber Co.
Stmr Cleone, Miller. 36 nours from Crescent
City; lumber, to Mmpsuu Lumber Co.
Stmr Pomona, Doran. 17i/ 2 hours from Eureka:
pass ami m<1se, to Boo tall. Perkins & Co. .
stnir .State of California, Ackley. 58 hours from
Portland, via Astoria 11 hours; pass and mdse, to
RoodaB, Perkins it Co.
Schr Helen Kimbull. Helliugsen, 13 days from
Tacoma: lumber, to Dickins Lumber Co. "
Schr Christina Steffens, Nordling. 23 hours from
Elsies Mill: 70 cds wood, to R A Gtlbride A Co.
Sctu Neptune, Estvold, 8 days from Klawack:
mdse, to North Pacific Packing and Trading Co.
. scbr Eclipse, Gutrormsen, -1 days from Eu
reka; liunbeivand shingles, to Clfas Nelson.
•.'•• •.■:■.■-.■•■•.■■-• - •'-. ■>.-"-:'C!l'oijire«i-. . v '<'.■■. ''"..''■'■■'■
-'.' ,-. v - '.,^:.- •■■'-• V.V;; THURSDAY. April 30.
Stmr North Fork, Hanseri, : Eureka; Charles
Nelson.. ■'.• ••■'.•• •. >;*••'•";• :"■'.■' '':■'■■
stmr MaripORa, Hazards,- Honolulu aud Syd ■'
ney;J DSpreckels & Bros Co.. ■ / ■ / .-■
:-.Ur ' stmr ■ Progressist,. Pinkham, -Xanatmo; ' R
Durismiiir it sans, ''.■ ■•-!■■ '.' ... '■; ■".}.■ . ,-....
.. Stmr Corona: Hall, San Diego; Goodall. Perkins
«Co..-. ".'.:.iC ■ ■:;"..•" ■■ :■ ■-■■•'■•"- ■•':'".•-:■ ;•.',:■■'-■*■
■ Br bark Inveresk. Langford, Brisbane; Balfour,
Gutlirie & Co. :■•' ' • .■■' ; -\- " "•.-;: :■;:■' .':'■. ■'■ ■. ...
Bktn City of Papeete; Berule, Tahiti; J Pinet A
Co - : • ■-•■:■ ••-.;• ■'■'■■ ■ ■■ : ■"■■ ' ■■•■•■■./■- ■■ ■ ■
■.;:■•••■.•• •■■■;■■ . Sailed. ".-;.■.•. -.•-..•■.-<
: : ;":- : r.-.',V : . ;':A'?--. /"■ THURSDAY. April 30. .../
'-. Stmr Mariposa, Hayward. Honolulu and Sydney.
1 'Brstmr.l^rogressist. Pinkbam, Nanaimo. / -
••" stmr Snuol. DettmefS, Grays Harbor. : ;-.'. . ■•..•'
Stuir Crescent City, Allen. Crescent City. ■.•••■. :
Stmr Novo. Levinson. Fort Bragg. ■ ■'••-
Sc.ht James A Garllekl, Pnlrru;ren. Grays Harbor.
■ Schr Newark. Beck. Bowens Landing. :■■■ • .-•- . .
■\Schr Corinthian, Zaddart. Hear ja Landing.,;'.;/.
•,'•■.'. ': ; - •"■; • Telegraphic. . ' • .;.;. '"' : -.'v'-
POINT I.OROS. ADril 30-10 p. it— Weataar
clear: wind NW; velocity 14 miles. •..."•.. ■'. :•/..;.
'■'■.-" , ■ ". ' . Charters. .■■.'■...•';.'■•.•.. '.■.-.-. .-.
Br ship Brodlck Castle loads wheat for Europe,
August loading. 27s (5d-ls 3d less direct-prior to
arrival;, schr Jennie Wand, mdse lor Kahulul:
Ger Dark Paul Isenbers, wheat for Liverpool'
direct. 21s 3d: mmr Excelsior, coal at Departure
Bay for Unga Island. .
The ltal ship Cat en n a Accame Is chartered for
wheat to Europe, 21s 3d.
.. Spoken. ■ •
Mar 24— Lat 17 S, long 35 W, Br bark Ravens
court, from London, tor San Francisco.
Apr 24— L:it 12 X, lone '13 \V. Br ship Chelms
ford, from Hull for Portland. - ' ...
• ■ ■:'■■'• :'.'..■■' M i- in • hi ii ii in.
Per Navarro— Was unable to load at Point Arena
on account of rough weather.
: . ' M is c ! I iiiciiih ;
LONDON*. Apr 30— Forty percent paid for reln
s urance to-day on the Kr ship Cralgmore from
Newcastle, NSW, for San Francisco, 87 days out.
, '■ DoinnHtic Ports.
PORT LOS ANGELES-Arrlved Apr 29-Nor
atmr PetP.rJebsen, from Nanainio.
POUT GAMBLE— Arrived Apr 30-Schr Spok
ane, hence Apr 17.
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Apr 29-Schr C 9
Holmes, from San Pedro. : •
POINT ARENA-Hailed Apr SO— Stmr Green
wood, or san Francisco. '..' . '..■ ' ■ ■ '•. .-;•
GRAYS HARBOK-Arrlved 29-Schr M<*1
ancthon, hence .\pr 15: bktn Uncle John, henie
April; schr San Buenaventura, hence Apr 17;
Gem, hence Apr 1»; schr. C A Thayer, from
San Pedro.. Apr 30— Bktn North Bend, hence Apr
•2i.:-}\~: : ■:■:.;■■■ ■■- ..y .- ;-; ■::-■-■•■,■:•.•■•.;■■■•.
KEDONDO— Sailed Apr 30— Slmr Alcatraz.
SAN DIEGO— Sailed Apr 30— Schr Mabel Gray,
for Eureka. ■.'■•■ '.• ■: ■ : ! : . . i. : -. '•" ••■• . ■ ■ :
: FORT ROSS— Arrived Apr 30-Schr Etta B. hnc
Apr 28. /.:;-■. :.?; V> -;: .<■::■■■■.■■::■:■ :■•:./....;
Sailed Apr 30— schr Etta B. for San Francisco.
. MONTEREY— Sailed Apr 30— Schr Abbie, for
Fort BrHKjr- VV.: V >:.-••' • ■:. '■■■' : -'::'~ ' - : ■■:■: jV-.V.v. '. ■;.''..."
TATOOSH — Passed Apr Ship Glory of the
Seas, hence : Apr 16. for Nanalmo; bark Richard
Ill.hence Apr.7, for Nanaimo; ship John C- Pot
ter, from Santa Rosalia, for Puget Bound. . . • .-:• ■
CASPAR— Sailed Apr . 30— Stmr : J«wel, for San
Pedro. 1 ■■-.•■••= ■■' •■'•'■'. ; -v: : -. ••: i : r v. ; -;-. -..-. .■••■■• :;;-,;
•"■ FORT BRAGG— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Caspar, for
San Francisco. ■.-- : :.^'.'> ;■ - ■ .:•■:•■•" :•;. •,:-'■ ■■'■:■■.
•EUREKA.— Arrived Apr 30— Schr Fortuna, hnc
Apr.26: : schr Bertha Dolbeer. from Newport. :- . ■
■-"■: Sailed:.-.-. Apr 30— St me;:. Scotia and schr Mary
Buline. for San Francisco. :';.■ - : -: '■'.'.: ■■■.■.■ . '.•• ".'•". ..
■ ASTORIA— Arrived Apr 30— Stmr Queen, hence :
A] fJH. •:.-.:"; '.- '■:■•! '.. '■ <y-.- ':?.-."'■ ':>::,-.' ■<■: .'■■■ '---.■
. . KEW WHATCOM— Arrived Apr 29— Bark Ger
mania. hence Apr 23. -■ ■'■'■ ■-• ■■'.:■■ :.." •.. - ... :
-TACOM A— Bailed Apr 30— schr Peerless, for San
Pedro." '.;:X -:~v.- V' : •;-.':)- •'•.'■'■ ...,-- : >' :'- : ■;.'■■ .V-V : ,:
::...- .'v r --. Eastern Ports. ;;■■.-.. /r..;--' 1 ,;;.
NEW YORK— Sailed Apr 30— Stmr Advance,
for. Colon. .;X'; V ;-. .''•;■'.•.-,•■• :. : ■>/..:' ■'■; ;.'•. -;';■'' '■ ':■:;-:?■'; : ~y '■-.-: •'
■ -v- '-••■.-••'■ - : .-.'/- ; : Foreign Port*. :.:'■_'; '■'; ''.'•■'■■■.•
: NANAIMO— Arrived Apr 30— Bark Oregon, hnc
Apr 14. -■>^>.v/>>;;> v ;;-7-: ■-:.-;.:. '-':"..%.■ :■■ :■:.:■.:..■■.■:■ ' -■
ANTWERP— Arrived Apr 28-Br bark East
African, hence Dec '-'1. ■■.-.- ;V! -? : .v'.~ ;. ■ : . /::■;•:
;•- K I ROAD — Arrived Apr 29— Br ship Carnedd
Llewellyn, hence Dec a4./-.;v;-^-.:- /■,:•:/ ■•■ ■ •;.:
'; DUNGENESS^-Passed Apr/ 29— Br ship Niobe,
hence Dec 2, for Qii'eenst own; /.. .. '■: V '
V lil'EKNSTOWN — Arrived Apr i.'9— Brbark El
liot, henre 28, and sailed for Lelth. :•;:'•"■ '/.;•; ■.".'
Sailed Apr 29— Br ship Crown, of Scotland, for
Cardiff; . •'.":::■•."■ •.".■-.. .;-; : -.".: ; .v-:.- : V-.V- ;• V >.■:.•:.•;•. •'o •'-.••.:■
; - COLON— Sailed Apr 24— Stmr Finance,;/ for New
. York.''./-^'--v'-'- ■ .'■•■-'•' : .-:. : - -■ • - : ' -'... ■'■' - . . '•' ■ ■ -'' : -.'.'.
HAMBURG— Sailed Apr : 25— Ger ship Ariadne.
■ for Santa Rosalia. : : : ----;c ; :;-:. ■■;/•■; vv ; ; .- •,•.-••- ■■:■■):■:■■:
■■;. ; HONGKONG— bailed Apr 29— Brstmr. Empress
; of India, for Vancouver. -.-\- :'•■• }.':■ r':"V-.-. ■:-.- ' : :••■...:■:.'
Arrived Apr 29— Brstmr Coptic, hence Apr 8. :.■'
-" -. • Importations. r.'- : •./.•..: .;■■
■> VICTORIA — Per City of Puebla— 176 pkgs mdse.
1 cs cheese, 4 cs bacon. 3 kegs., syrup, 1! sks rice, 2
kegs sugar, 39 bags flour, .7 sks beans, 2 bis salt, 3
tubs butter. 1 : wine, 3 crts bicycles, 4 kegs
nails, 2 pkgs express. .•■■■•;"-^ ■':.-!"/:'.■'£ -\.".'-.'..:- : ."'■■■.::■.:': y'- : . . ;
. Tacoma- 54 mdse; 4 or drv goods, 1 cs gold
pins. 1 bbl brandy , 1 bx ore, 5000 sks Hour, 69 skn
•bones.". ; : ..:.- '■^:^.\i-; '.:''. 1-, ; ■•'. : -'-:.-'-V;^-.-. ■•-.'■•' ■•'■■ '-'.\-.:-. : ■■■'■'' ■'■
':':: Seat pkgs coffee, &pkgs spices, 46 bxs fish,
145 pkes mdse. 500 sks potatoes, 6 cs typewriters,
;2pkgs.cpin, 8 pkss express, 103 tons coal, -.3048 ft
flooring. 82 stoves, 2 cs hats.
:o N Ky via Seattle— 1 cs books, 1 cs glasswar»,
300 bags flour, 100 bdls cotton bagging. . ; - ■'■'■ ■: .-;
;•/• West of Fargo- via Tacoma— 57 bdls green hides,
.19 bdls dry hides, 1 sk tails, 19 bdls pelts. 916 hf
s'ks 408 sks Hour, 11 pkgs mdse, .819 sks wheat, 1
bx fui^.":hv^;V--:'.//..//V:y-''.'--.;>/- '-•■•'.":>•: ■'■■■■":■■■' ■ ■'■. '■ ■■.
.v." New Whatcom— 243 pes lumber, 7 bbls 1 lot of
scrap iron, 40 hd Is broom handles. . ; ;' :;.:: . .'• • ■:
•■ Vancouver— 6 cs tobacco, 34 cs r cigarettes. 6 cs
dry goods, 575 starch, 2 bxs pianos, 129 cs
rubber shoes, 2 cs clothing, 8 : cs cotton shirts, 4
clegs mdse, 5 bdls domestic, cotton, 3 cs buckets, 9
underwear. 3 bdls blankets. 4 cs hosiery.' ■ ... ■■ ■
.' -.East of Fargo via Tacoma — 6 bxs hardware, 60
crts bicycles, 12 crts books, 3 bbls oil. 1 pkg mdse.
-Departure Bay— 802 tons coal. : •; /■ ;:■.:}"...-•. " V. '
; ;' Everett— 1017 kegs; nails. '800 bars bullion, 183
rolls 903 bdls paper. 20cs book paper, 25 pkgs
mdse. -.:r. i -'.v:. 1 -"--"'':-- : "''-'*'-'' i 'v-'.:; " : " '• •••'.; ■'..■ .■::■■: - :".:%-y ■
■ Port Townsend— 21 pkgs mdse, 3 pkgs express. 3
■pkRscbln./ •■■;■.-:■; :: -: ./."/J'.f '■■■■ ■■■::■ v.--:.--i i';~i>:"'.\"-> "
■=: EUREKA— Per Pomona— 13 ' rolls leather, 414
brs butter. 1 coop chickens, 3 bbls mine. water,
8 pkes express, 2 sks coin. 1 crt separating bowls,
I cs shoes, : 3641 M shingles, 24 M shakes, 25 ci
cider. 20 dressed calves.- /:<•/' -. ; :' .:;::.,■:■■.•
.. PORTLAND— Per State of California— 09 cs
wool. 159 sks flax.seed, 793 sks 3208 qr-sks 1680
gunnies Hour, 5143 sks potatoes, 484 sks onions,
626 sks .'.pats;-:1920 pkgs paper, : 300 pkgs furniture.
•■ Astoria— 1439 bdls shooks, 8377 ..ft lumber, 97
sks oysters, Spkgs ex press-'->'/. :r: . •■'.■' .■•-/■■■•. ...
GOLETA— Per Bonlta— 35J£ sks wool, 1 bdl dry
pelts, 1 bdl ax handles, 1 bx hardware. •,;■.•■;.••. . /
.•- • Gavlota-r ; 46 hogs. ■ ■ ■/'-•'>>/;;. '-" : ".•':'•; •—.-■.. ■ : . •■: . : '/• ":' '.'.'■' : -:
:"--Lombpc Lauding— 24 pkgs mdse, 6 pkrs Junk, 9
sks dried fruit, 119 bxs butter, 412 sks. dry earth,
■54 hogs- ■•.•'.■•"• : '.;\ ; v- :•:..'.'. '•'v;>! s :"-' ; - ■.<■: -.-• ■ ;V .-;v;- ,■•■■■
; San Simeon— 35 hogs. • -: l : y." , . : . '/•:: ■ ■ '■''.'■:■■■ ■■■ . ':
MOSS LANDING— Per Gipsy— 3 cs eggs, 3 . bx«
batter. '/■'-■:/ /■;:':- '.£';".'">*"■> : .-'; : y"~ M-'.'-- . . : ■■.■■
Monterey— 6 bxs butter,' 8 cs cheese. ■' -'. ■".." •■ : ■/' ■
v Santa Cruz— V2 cs cheese,- 1 bx butter, 1 bbl wine,
II rolls leather. 2 bxs fish, 80 bbls lime. ■".:.; : -.
v. MENDOCINO— Per .Na'va'rro— 701 posts, 4995 rr
ties. 109,114 ft -lumber, i^ bbl pork, 2 bxa aba
lones; 1 cs baking powder, 1 piano, 8 pkgs mdse. ;
CHINA AND JAPAN — Per Done— 3748 pkgs
mdse, i pk~fcs..ri'ce and beans, 557 pkgg tea, . 5;-(5
.pkgs oil. : 4U3.pkgs curios. 250 .pkgs teak planks.
212' pkgs firecrackers, 16,100 pkgs. sugar,/: 2968
pkjrs tin. 126 pkgs coffee. 19 pkgs parcels, 30 pkgs
silk : goods.; 1200 pkgs: 'matting, 100 pkgs gunnies.
■'■'■■' For overland— pkes mdse, 90 pkgs rice . and
beans, 7737 tea, 98 .pkgs raw silk, 135 p<gs
.:curi.6sV8 v parcels', .12 pkgd silk goods. 401 pkgs
matting. -■':■/':;'; •'■■: '.■■"■■'.''' ■■■: -^V.-: '-■■'■■'■ ■ / ■ ■ • ..■-.•.■■'■ :
For Central and South America— 123 pkgs mdse,.
1113 pkgs ; rice : and : benns, 2'J pkgs. silk goods,. 7.
pkgs matting. ; ;/-.;^.v;vp:' v yr.vj:/ :'-.- /::.-:.--'-. ; : ;:: : : ."-i '••'. ' :
. : - Consignees. ■■.'/' '•''■•' : ...' : ' : ;.- ;; -" ,-■
Per Bocita-^-Thos Dennfgan <fe Sous: H Dutard;
Bros: Staudard Oil Co: Dairymen's Union;
South' Sun Franiiseo Packing and Provision Co;
■Wilson A Baerhtel: Hilmer, Bredhoff & Schulz; A
JV1I otalin?-.vv Co ; Hoppe>fc : Co:. Taylor*
."Taylor; ■:'■ 'A I'al-lies: • Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Mever
neid, Mitchell & Co: ■ Wheaton, Breon <fe Co: Cali
fornia Tul«s- H arid C Co; Get Bros & Co; Roth,
Blum & Co. o:\-v^.7.yj^'-i--''.~. v--^; ; 7 ?•■•■•.• "'.••.•■;•■-■ -'■■-' ': ;:
;• 1'e stare of California— Allen * Lewis; Crombip
:<fe CpVFj Hillr ns Co ; Ferpnson & Co; H B
, Martin ;;J. I* Thomas; M 1' Detels; Jonn K English;
Otis, McAllister &■ Co: : Willamette Pulp <fc Paper
VCbij'.J H : :Caini& Co; ITHutard: Crown Paper Co:
ME A Wagner: ; Wells, Fargo & Co: L JaKKer: Wm
i urrie <feCo; Dahoii' Bros;. Dbernbecker: Furniture
Co: Mcporiouc;h <!t Rnnyon.: Wolf & Sop ; Western
Roll Paper Co- norimh Fruit Growers' Union :
Clatsop Mill Co; MB Morachan: Darbee A IuauieJ,
'.I' Navarro— Tillmnnnvt Bendel.; Koth & Co: II :
: '•'.' Pi'tz: Mvmlocino : Lumber Co: Standard Oil Co:
' li"L Frederick. .:': ••■'.■■• :■:->■■■ ■'■'■"■•■■:•. : ':=.-'.v. : . '■/■:.-■: '.'■
■ - Per Gipsy— Herman Joost; Standard Oil Co; A P
VHoiallngit Co; Cal Ilottlinc Co: M T Freitas A Co;
-Brigham;'IIbp"pe<tCo: ffltmer, Bredhoif A Schul7.:
W !•' Mitchell; EKllS Bros: Whe»ton;;Breon'«fc Co;
■ ; Dairymen's/Union ;'.. Norton, - Teller ii Co; Pacific
.Fruit Co; Dodge, 'Sweeney. & Co: . H Co well & Co:
Krori T.".i!!ii:i; Co: ■■ San Francisco Fish Co ; ; P J
Marienstein; A Paladint. / : ■ ./-Jv •/.; ■./•'..
■'• ' Per Pompna— Brown A Adams; Gftz Bros A Co;
Dairymen's Union; Wells. Fargo A Co: Humboldt
Mineral Water Co:' Feillng, Cressy & Co; Eggers,
yould & Co: -Wltiel it Baker; C K Whitney A Co;
-Dodge, Sweeney * Co; Brisham, Hoppe A Co: Q do
/Luca: Calm, Slckelsbnrg A Co: Hie^ins A Collins;
!•■ i; Haight; Wills Bros; . Wltzel <k Baker; Ross
Hewlett ; Buss,- Sanders & Co; Norton. Teller A Co.
: - Per City of Paebia^-Ala.sKa Commercial Co; W
H Hinton: Wells, Fargo A Co: G CamUlonl A Co:
Pope Mfs: Cp:;Thomaa AfcV'eich; A Schilling A Co;
Frederlcksburg Brewery: \Vic'-»nd Urewlns Co; P
Berwin &Co}:MJlaal A Co; A Paladini; California
Commercial Co-. Wolf A Son; Bancroft, Whitney A
Co: Holbrook, Merrill A Stetson: Chas Fey Gold
stein A Co; Brown Bros A Co Forbes Bros; Phil
Hanf: Golden Gate Lumber Co- NevillevfeCo- M
Summereeld: Schweitzer A Co;Redington A Co: H
Brownfleld; : Church Bros; Davis, Haoer A Co; K
G Lyous: Laniel.'.v A Michaels; BisslngerA Co: Ci
«., How .-. l4rd: Ous - McAlllster A Co; Pacific Rolling
Mills: C: Anderson: C J Lelst A Co; Italian Swiss
Co:. Moore, tergusori A Co; \V Jury; Sprague,
Roller A Miller Bellin-ham Bay Imp Co; Jtidsoa
MfgCo. Cohn; American Tobacco Co: J T Cut
tins A Co; Kohl^r A C i»se; Miller, SlOSS A Scott
w. A J bloane A Co: Sel by Smelting and Lead Co ;
Levi, straus3 A Co; Murphy; Grant A Co: Harper
A; Co: C rarw«fle -. Mohns A Kaltenbach; StauiTer
AGo: Oregon Imp Co; McQueston A Co; 11 F
Havercrort. . .'•' ;. : .-". . .-.•■•, .
» Per Doric- Parrott ACo; southern Pacific Co;
A <. Robinson; Bank of British North America:
Lazard }?rer<?s: Brown Bros A Co: California and
Japan Trading Co;. Winter A >mtllle: Nippon &
Co; Morrimiwa Bros; Swayne A Hoyt: M J Bran
denstein A Co; order; Japanese and" Chinese mer-All Oakland Will Devote
Tc-Day to the Fabiola
Floral Fetes.
EFFECT OF SUNSHINE.
Grand Marshal Daniels Issues
His Final Orders for the
Big Parade.
EXEMPT FIREMEN ARE READY.
The Burlingame Polo Ponies Are on
the Ground Ready for the
Steeplechase.
:-''■: ■. ■:••-. ■.■■■•■
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, April 30. f
The bright sunshine of to-day cheered
the hearts of the Fabiola Floral Fete man
agement as nothing else could have doue.
Out at the trotting park, where the
f. es»a is to be held, many busy squads of
men worked till far into the niglit finish
ing the stands, completing the fences aud
running the heavy roller over the cycling
track. The headquarters of the lete in
the Central Bank building were no less
busy than was the scene of to-morrow's
gayety and contests. President Davis ana
Grand Marshal G. B. Daniels issued their
final orders and made their last arrange
ment, and when the day closed everything
that could be done to insure a highly suc
cessful fete had been clone.
To-morrow the whole city will be given
over to gayety. The department at Wash
ington has given permission for the Post
office to be closed as oh a legal holiday;
the banks have agreed to suspend busi
ness, the residents have said that the day
shall be a general holiday, and so Oakland
will transform itself into one gteat enter
tainment committee to receive the thou
sands of visitors that will come from all
the surrounding counties.
The order of events is as follows:
10:30 a. m.— Preliminary heat bicycle races.
12 M.— Lunch.
12:30 v. m.— Burro race.
1 p. m.— Decorated carriage parade.
3 p. n.— Decorated bicycle parade.
3:30 p. M.—Burlin game County Club event;
hurdle race.
4 P. m.— Final heats bicycle races.
The following are tha prizes for the
floral parade: . . ■■■[
For best decorated vehicle in decorated car
nr.ge parade— Buggy valued at $200.
For second be^t decorated vehicle in deeo
rated carriage parade— Harness valued at $50.
For finest decorated M cycle and rider in
decorated bicycle parade— One high grade
bicycle. ;
For finest decoration in groups in decorated
bicycle parade— Ca«h prize $20.
To club making finest appearance in deep-'
fatdd bicycle parade — I'iaiid lamp and stand.
To visiting club in decorated bicycle parade
.:in<; with ihe greatest number of men in
line — Onyx dock. .
To home club in decorated bicycle parade
with greatest liumbar of men in line— Silver
v liter pitcher a::d cup.
To v inner of Burlingame Country Club
event — Silver loving cup.
The following cycling clubs have entered
v c ll oral parade and there will be some
keen contests for the prizes:
Reliance Athletic Club Wheelmen, Acme.
« iut> Wheelmen, Olympic Club Wheelmen/Bay |
City Wheelmen, Imperial Cycling Club, Garden
City' Cyclers, San Jos< : Road; : Alameda
Cyclers, California ; C.yciingi Ctab. Crescent :
Road Club.-Crescent Athviir < mb, Diamond
Club. l. ; .b«-;ny Cylvnii club, Olympic
Gyclfirs.'Pathfindtx. hie yc-ie-'Cl-ubvSan Francisco-
Road ; Club, rAVaverley peeling Club, Oakland
Athletic Club,;:Ksn; : (>,,kland Cyclers, Golden
Gate Cycling Club. >.^;-V : -::: v:.^;^.;:^;^ ••:-•■•. ..^
' The ; Burlinj?ame steeplechase entries are
closed. The following v.iU ride: : :-: v : ;
(One and. one-half miles handicap over six'
hurdles for polo P^'rlies.igentlem^n'riders.; open: : .
to members of.Burli nga-tr.;e •tr.y.-ciu'b.oniv 'vi
Nameofjior.se-V ■ .t orors.' .' •..,V|-.:.. ; -:v -Rider. -■<■-'• ■■ ':'*'■
Brandy .■;■: • .i.i I lied'! . ; :, . ;;'v; ■ Hlji.-Hunii ' - : i
Jumping Jack. Yellow &:>irwfl | J. TkiboV c ifton
1,1 nun? C&ang '.:: i.;;..^] n..;;M-.:.Tobln;:--.^ v.-l
Jo Jo. .:;,;. ■ ..-^ Crimson- ;;...;'.. wt,, -..;;. r ' ■-•'■'.■.
The Duchess.. 1 White ;.•.../..•.• li. i . i. r -,i ( .n '" ' -'
Turk. •.-..--..>.. Blue... ■.:..:::; F. W. :>if.N>ar. i
I jincer ..:'•.'.%...■ P.I and Yellow Mr. tiih'edljferg.-''-'.- ■ ■
Chance..-.. -.."...• f 5 reen -.■.....,.•/ ' W. A'.Mc!L'reery.-. : '
Blucber.-.;."..-.-. Purple.....:.-..' Capt. Waiuntrht.
Tristan .:„.•..:•. iilne & White... Maas. • '/J >..":. ■■■■
Considerable interest is being shown in
tne novelty class. The veteran firemen
will enter it with their old hand engine,
'•Vigilant 9," and will probably take the
prize, although the class is a wide one and
leaves ample room for surprises.
The Fabiola souvenirs this year eclipse
all formor efforts in this line. The books
8re now out, and the neat make-up re
flects much credit on the committee which
had charge.
The attractive volume contains eighty
pagos, exclusive of cover?, and is printed
on the best o! book paper. It is descrip
tive of Alameda County, though the cus- j
tomary tedious descriptions are entirely i
hbsent. instead, the various attractions i
are portrayed by over forty tine half-tona
cuts, and as a handsome souvenir the vol
ume is well worth the small amount
charged for it.
Amen? the illustrations are the "Golden
Gate," scenes at the fete of '95, cuts of
various prominent buildings and streets, '
views of Lake Merritt and Lake Chabot, i
pictures of the High .School, Fabiola Hos
pital, State University, Young Men's
Christian Association and Mills College,
and many descriptive bits of rural life and
agricultural products of the couaty.
Grand Marshal Daniels issued his final
orders this evening. They are as follows:
All vehicles and equestrians which arc to
take part in the floral parade are requested to
report at the entrance to tho Oakland Trotting
Park at 12 m. sharp to the grand marshal.
The parade will be formed on the back
stretch of the racetrack and will move at 1 p.m.
! As It will take nearly an hour to form the
T'amde, it Is absolutely necessary that all
vehicles be ready to take their position at 12 K.
i The column will move in the following order:
L; : ' ; "'/■■':'■ ■■' '■'■ ; .■ ' Baiid; ; .- - ■ . "'.■.
G rand Marshal, Xi. B. Daniels.
• Cblefof Stan. U. C. Pardee,
Aids— J. W. Downing. Kvcret 11. Nlckerson, Mar
s' ens Hyde, Julius KUngen., ■. ., :
:. : l-'iist iJivislon. . . . ■ ;[■.:
Chief of Tiivlsion, Mr. J. L. Mayon.
Aid, A.'& MaedbnaW. ;
The division Will consist of the four-in
harids, tandems and novelties, about ten in
number...: ■".-';' ".■}•;} ''■■.'■: ■■■ '■ [ ' : -'- O'-'V ■■ '"': ' '.." : :,/: :
V Second division. V
'■'''. Chief of division, .lames Vaaghn. : ■
Aid, Dr. O. K. Brlulcerhoff.
; : . ■ Political Equality Cliib.
This division: will consist Of the two-horse
equipages, about thirty-live in number. . ? .
'. ; ■'.■'. ■'. . . -. Thini division. ; ; .! ; ■■:;.'
:■".;.' . Chief Of diyisibn. (Jeorpe Mason.
Aid;G; H. spear.
This division will consist of the single-horse
vehicles of about a dozen and the Veteran
Firuiuea and their visitors.
Fourth division.
Chief of division, Claude Sharon.
Aid, D. L. Roscoe.
T&iB division will consist of the equestrians,
some fifteen or twenty in number.
That Theme Handled by J. M.
Lewis, the Theological
Graduate.
The Pacific Seminary ths S:cn? of
an Ordination and Alumni
Banquet.
Oakland Office Sax Frvncipco Call,)
808 Broadway, April 30. f
The commencement exercises of the Pa-
J cific Theological Seminary were held this •
morning in the chapel of that institution.
There were three in the graduating class:
.T. M. Lewis, wno received the degree of
bachelor of divinity, and Messrs. Arthur
j P. Alexander and Alfred Bailey, who took ■
j the English course and received the usual '.'■
I certificates.' '■ ■'.-. .•■/. ■ :,'V ■ ."'■.: / i
There was a large attendance of friends
of the graduates and the institution. Mr.
| Alexander's subject was "Foreign Mis
j sions,'" while Mr. Bailey considered the
I "influence of Christianity on Our Civiliza
\ tion." ' • " . ;■ '. ■• : ■' [ ."' _ ; :■■ - _'• ;
The interest centered in Mr. Lewis, as
; he *v as to be ordained a minister during
tbe alternoon. His subject was "Christ
and the Novel." He said:
"Novelists tell us that it is the province
! of fiction to please. Yes, but fiction has
no moral right to degrade. The tendency i
I in modern literature is to reveal the un- !
clean, the impure, the loathsomeness, the !
beastliness of human life. It deals with <
', characters wallowing; in the mire of their i
; own immorality. It pictures a society :
in the sewers of its animalism. And I
t ii, forsooth, is called 'art.' It is false.
There is no inspiration in it. It suggests
; no thought of a higher life. It lifts no soul
I to a purer atmosphere. It has the odor of
j hell about it. 3ola, the Nero of modern fie- |
' tion, defends himself and his school in this !
i class of literature. 'If.' he says, 'I have j
I once shown you every known detail of
J every known sin, and the list, it must be j
i confessed, is a Ions one, you will then be
glad to Tvalk purely in" your appointed
path. You will remember what I have
described to you and be cautious.'
"It may be 'a study of character,' but it
is a study of character in its immoral ;
i phases. It is a study of the beast, and i
not of the man. Its heroes are Eeducera,
1 courtesans, liars and hypocrites. It turns '
its face away from the true, the noble and
the good. It ignores the divine in man. ;
It denies a beneficent God. Ana men sit
in the gloom of their own ruins, sad and ;
.disconsolate, weighted down with the per- |
sistency of evil, with no heaven of inspira
tion to inspire them to the ideals of life.
Faith i3 lost amid the debris of Humanity,
and man 'wandeTS in eternal space, ray
iess and painless.' Such a literature par
alyzes. Its influence disintegrates the
foundation of character, It sneers at re
ligion,it mocks, at sin, and teaches the
mind new possibilities of crime.
"This is a poor apology, poor philoso
phy. Mu«t a man go down into hell to
know what heaven is? Must a man asso
ciate with licentiousness to know what
purity means ? Must a man have fcept
step with Deelzebub to Ijarn to walk with
Christ? We are uttering no bigoted pro
test against iictioti. "We are simply bring
ing the ethics of Christianity to bear upon
it. Nor are we advocating the namby
pamby literature of some—and this some
is large— Sunday school libraries. We are
simply demanding a manly and healthy
tone for the nobiest of all art, the art of
letters. But the French realism —^nd trie
tendency .is increasing in American litera
ture-^-in" which this art is clothed, prt-sents
a morbid appearance. It is naturalistic,
niaterialistic, in all its conceptions. Kay,
t presents false views of life, a false
psychology, a false morality."
The young man was ordained this after
noon, and durine the evening the aluomi
enjoyed a banquet, during which speeches
ii toasts were the order from many who
had spent their closing schooldays within
the walla of the institution.
Several who. Have .Been Called to Eter
•-■:• .■.'•-. • '/..'• ■■., nal K««t. '•. .-:.': . , • •" •"■;.■'
.. OAKLAND, April 30.— Death has
claimed a number of the old settlers dur
ing the past twenty-four hours. Besides
A. K. P. Harmon's death, there were re
ported to-day those of John Herd Sr., Mrs.
Seth May.hew and Mrs. Annie C. Booth.
Mr. Herd has lived here twenty-two
years. He was a native of Liverpool and
77 years of age. Mrs. Mayhew has dwelt
here many, years and was past 78. She
leaves a son in Pasadena and a daughter
here. Mrs. Booth had been a resident of
the city over twenty years and was Gl years
of age. Oscar Sorge, an old resident of
Alameda, age 51, died yesterday.
■. — : • — ■-*■ — •"; i — ■:'• ;'•.'■ ■.
..George William Curti" once used a pen
name. It, was '•Howadji,' 1 and was used
as a signature to bis travels in Egypt and
the East. ■• - "... ... *,
All the Churches Unite to In
sure the ■ Success of the
Undertaking.
DELEGATES TO A CONFERENCE.
Fire Department Relief Fund Trus>
tees and Board of Health
Hold Meetings.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30.— The relief
society in connection with the Women's
Exchange held an enthusiastic meeting
this afternoon in the City Council cham
ber to make arrangements lor the coming
floral fete. Mrs. O'Neill presided, and the
various churches represented were:
Unitarian— Miss Elliot, Mrs. Plummer,
Mrs. Lynch, Mrs. Baurhyte, Mrs. R. Frank
Ciark.
Episcopal— Mrs. McGurr, Mrs. Winter.
Presbyterian— Mrs. Barton, Mrs. Bar
rett, Mrs. Minor Smith.
Methodist Episcopal— Mrs. W. H. Pol
lard, Mrs. C. R. Johns, Mrs. W. Johns,
Mrs. Waterson.
Baptist— Mrs. Weeks, Miss Spencer, Mrs.
Wdods, Mrs. Hubby, Mrs. Robinson.
Roman Catholic — Mrs. Columbus Bart
lett, Mrs. Shea, Mrs. G. R. Rossitter, Mrs.
Carpentier.
At large— Mrs. Sutter, Mrs. 8. W. Dennis.
The executive committee consists of
Mrs. R. Frank Clark, Mrs. A. M. Hickox,
Mrs. J. a. Hanley, Mrs. Wood, Mrs. G. K.
Rossitter, Mrs. W. H. Pollard and Mrs.
Branch, with Mrs. O'Neill as president and
Mrs. Rathgeb secretary.
It was decided to have seven booths
erected in the spacious grounds at Captain
R. Thompson's residence.
ine ladies alter considerable interchange
of ideas mutually arranged the Beven
kinds of "deadly heartburn" to be sold
and the floral decorations to be used.
The Baptists will sell popcorn and pea
nuts and bedeck their booth in pink and
white flowers; the Methodists, water ices
and use yellow poppies; the Congrega
tionalista, icecream and use yellow and
white marguerites: the Unitarians, candy
and use sweet peas; the Roman Catholics,
coffee and sandwiches and use roses: the
Episcopalians, tea and chocolate and use
carnations; and i he Presbyterians, straw
berries and use pink geraniums.
Fire Department.
AL.AMEDA, Cal., April 30.— The trus
tees of the Fire; Department relief lund
held a meeting in the Chief's office last
night. The only business of importance
was the consideration of a resolution sent
by Sherman Hose Company No. 3 to stop
all payments to the relief tund when it
has reached the amount of $1500, and only
resume them to keep the total at that
figure.
The resolution was made to prevent the
money accumulating faster than it is
wanted, so that in the case of a paid Fire
Department coming into existence — one
of the possibilities of the future— there
would not be too lar.e a nestegg to
revert to the city. When the question
came up to remit the subject to the com
panies interested in the matter the six
trustees were found to be equally divided
in opinion. Those against the resolution
wanted the limit raised to $Jo00. Eventu
ally Chief Krauth changed his vote to the
ayes and the matter will now be consid
ered at the Slay meetings of the com
panies.
Missionary Conference.
ALAMEDA, ;Cal.. April 30.— The six
teenth annual conference of the Women's
Foreign Missionary Society of the M-tho
dist Cnurch South openedthis morning at
the church, Cnestnut street, with some
thirty delegates in attendance. The an
nual report by the president of the so
ciety, Mrs. Q. S. Knox, San Jose, was
satisfactory and showed an increase in in
terest in the missionary movement
among the ladies of the church. Reports
were read from the auxiliary societies by
Mrs. Hawkins of Hollister. It was stated
that the Alameda auxiliary supports
female missionary in China.
Mrs. Josie P. Campbell, a missionary
from Boochow, delivered an interesting
address on the scop* of her work and the
success of her efforts in the Orient.
Board of Health.
! ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30. -The Board
, of Health held a short executive session
j iast night to consider the changes and
i amendments to the sanitary regulations
necessary to better provide for the public
health. They were along the lines of the
experience gained by the board's officers
and have regard to plumbing and milk
and food supply.
Real Kstate Market.
ALAMEDA, Cal., April 30— The real
estate market is quickening again. Num
bers of new nouses have been built lately
land many contracts let by the various
real estate dealers for the erection of hand
some residences all over the city.
Mn.fl.S. OrrJck and Daughter Injured
. . by a Kunavay.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— Mrs. O. S.
Orrick and a little daughter bad a narrow
escape from serious if not fatal injuries on
Broadway shortly after noon to-day. Mrs.
.1 Orrick was driving up the street, when a
spirited team of .C. A. Heron's came dash
ing toward her.
At first she aid not notice it was a run
away, as there was a man in the buggy.
When she realized that the team was un
controllable it was too late to avoid a col
lision. In attempting to turn out the
other buggy was given a chance *o lock
: with its rear wheel the rear whee of her
: carriage.
Both carriages were demolished, and
Mrs. Orrick and her baby daughter were
i thrown under the buggy and th» drivtr of
j the other vehicle upon the pavement. 1.
: M. Hloper ol San Francisco, at the risk of
i his life, rescued the little girl from under
the horses' feet after the animals had
I fallen.
The horses broke loose and continued
on their way down Broadway. Hundreds
of willing hands made but" a moment's
work to extricate Mrs. Orrick from
the debris. They were able to walk
into a drugstore near by, where Dr.
Frank Adams rendered assistance. He
found that they had escaped with a few
scratches, but baa fear of the nervous
shock that follows. Later Mrs. Orrick
was taken home. She is a sister of Irvine
M. Scott of the Union Iron Works.
I'.ough Estimates Show Gains and Losses
About Balance.
OAKLAND, Cal., April 30.— The field
work of the school census marshals is now
completed, except for a lew houses that
had to be omitted, for various reasons, on
the original canvass. No figures are yet at
tainable, but a rough estimate shows gains
of about thirty in tl;e Tnira Ward, thirty
tive in the Sixth Ward and sixty in the
Seventh Ward.
The same shows losses of about fifty in
the l'irst Ward, twenty-rive in ihe Second
Ward and liny in the Fifth Ward. Tifis
is an offset, with the Fourth Ward to hear
from. Tue total last year was 13,142.
OAKLAND, Cau, April 30.— Mrs. H. L.
Kelly, secretary of the Associated Chari
ties, has received from New York a letter
regarding a young man who is seeking his
greatuncles. Alexander and Thomas
Powell. It says:
"A voting man about 26 years of age,
named Alexander J. .Harris, native.oi'Ben
nin^hani, Verniort, now of 105 Bowery,
tliis city, is very anxious to learn if uvo
greatuncles of his, Alexander and Thomas
Powell, are still living in Oakland. They
are elderly men, having gone to California
in IMS), and are, he thinfcs, bachelors.
Harris' mother's maiden name was Tyler,
and her mother was a Powell, sister to
Alexander and Thomas. As he is now
<iuit« alone in the world he is very anx
ious to communicate with these relatives."
Celebrate Founder*' Day.
MILLS COLLEGE, Cal., April 30.— The
graduates and former pupils of Mills Sem
inary and College are invited to spend
next Saturday, Founders' day, May 2, at
the old home. If any have failed to re
ceive invitations they will still consider
that they are cordially invited.
Military Students at Berkeley
Don't Like to Be
Watched.
Lieut. Winn's Method of Preventing
His Class From Cribbing in
the Examination.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— The stn
denis at the State University who took the
military examinations to-day are much
incensed at the new system of keeping
guard over them to prevent "cribbing"
which was introduced this morning by
Lieutenant Winn.
Dunne the entire periods of the exam
inations, both morning and afternoon,
officers and "non-coms" were detailed to
pace up and down the aisles for the pur
pose of reporting to the department any
one who was caught "giving or receiving
information." The slander, a3 it is re
i yarded, of thus assuming that such espion
age is necessary has aroused much indig
nation in the student body.
The "war department" of the university
has always been unpopular with the
students and the innovation of to-day's ex
aminations will probably not tend to mend
matters.
No More llorsecara.
BERKELEY, Cal. April 30.— The Clare
mont, Ferries and University Street Rail
way Company is about to substitute gaso
line motor power for the horses now in
use on the system between East and West
Berkeley. Preparations for the change
have already been begun and the horses
will all be retired wituin a month. The
cars will be enlarged by lengthening the
platforms at each end. It is said that the
gasoline motors to-be used will enable the
curs to move with as much speed as a
trolley-car, thus giving qu:.k communica
tion between the two ends of the town;
College Settlement Kiitertainraent.
BERKELEY, Cal,; April 30.— The Bay
View CluD of the West Berkeley College
Settlement gave an entertainment last
nUht at theclubrdoms. as u wiud-up of the
work of the present college year. A pro
gra-mme of in usi cal nu tu be rs and. reci ta
nons was rendered by Miss Kelley, Miss
Simpson 'i)H, Miss Bradley 'y.j, Charles
Paine and A. W. Stamper '95. The settle
ment is in a very prosperous condition,
and will resume work aftor the summer
vacation. The club will occupy the Hey
wood house, on Delaware street, next year.
To Succeed Kev. Mr. Foster.
LORIN, Cal., April 30.— The committee
of deacons of the Park Congregational
Church, consisting of Messrs. Crew, Sun
derland and Dixon, have decided to secure
the Rev. E. Lyman Hood to officiate as
pastor of the church, succeeding the Rev.
J. D, Foster, who recently resigned. The
Rev. Mr. Hood is a post-graduate student
at the University of California and is
president of the Graduate Club.
Bicycle Stolen.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— An indi
vidual giving bis name as Aitkens secured
a bicycle from the March Cyclery on Tues
day morning, declaring his intention to
rent it for a ride, and he has not beeu seen
since. The theft has been reported to
Marshal .Lloyd, but there is little hope of
capturing lhe thiei now.
• — ♦ — •
OAKLAND, Cai.., April 30.— The Grand i
Jury weni out to San L^andro to-day and '
inspected the County Infirmary. "They j
also held a consultation with William
Fough, who was shot Sunday evening, to
determine whether the shooting was done i
by A. Santos, who is in jail charged with !
the ofteusti.
Close of A. K. P. Harmon's
Long Life of Activity
and Success.
WAS A PIONEER OF '49.
He Took the Nucleus of His Big
Fortune From the Early
Gold Mines.
MET WITH MUCH ADVERSITY.
But He Triumphed Over All, and at
His Death Fnled Many Honorable
Positions.
Oakland Office ban Francisco Call,)
90S Broadway, April 30. j"
After three-quarters of a century of
active life A. K. P. H&rraon died this
morning at his |residence on Webster
street. About a year ago his wife died and
since then he has been in failing health
and for the last four months it has been
apparent that the end was not far away.
A. K. P. Harmon's life was one continu
ance of successes. At the time of his
death he was a director of the Bank of
California, director of the Security Sav
ings Bank, vice-president of the Arctic
Sieam-whaling Company, trustee of Mills
Colleee, president of the Mountain View
Cemetery Association and president of the
Chollar, Potosi, Imperial, Silver Hill and
Challenge mining companies.
He was born at Scarborough, Cumber
land County, Me., in 1821. He served as a
clerk in early life in Portland, Me. In
1848 he left the East for California, taking
passage first to Chagres. At that time no
through ticket3 were sold, and the journey
was a dangerous one. It did not frighten
young Harmon, though, and on arrival at
Chagres he walked across the isthmus to
Panama, where he remained six weeks and
then took passage on the Oregon for San
Francipc >.
As an idea of the discomforts of travel in
those days it may be mentioned that Mr.
Harmon and hi9 companions made the
trip up Ch« coabt In a room improvised out
of the two forward deck boats.
It was April, 1849, when Mr. Harmon
finally landed in San Francisco. He did
not tarry in that settlement long, but at an
early opportunity took passage on a small
schooner for Sacramento, paying $30 for
the privilece of being on board the boat.
An oi team was now secured, and Mr.
Harmon and his friends proceeded to
Coloma, where they went to work in the
mines. His tirst day's labor was rewarded
with an ounce of dust, and under tbese
encouraging conditions he worked for
quite awhile. He left the diggings, though,
to participate in th» rush to Spanish Bar, j
where tie again encountered good luck i
and amassed quite a small fortune.
The subjoined biographical sketch is
furnished by Henry B. Livingston, histori
ographer of the Society of California
Pioneers.
The deceased was born in Scarborough
Me., July 13, 1821. Hia lather, John M.
Harnion, was a prosperous farmer of '■■
Oxford County.
After acquiring the rudiments of a
common school education in his native
town the lad when 14 years of age went .to
Portland, where he served as clerk in a
grocery-store during the following two
years. For a>irnilaT period he acted in a ;
like capacity in Scarborough, and at the '
expiration of the iatter term journeyed to i
Darien, Ga. He again resumed clerking
lor two years, when he' .began trading on
his own account. He opened a farstore,
and subsequently, under the name and firm
of Boothby it Harmon, continued in busi
ness until 1847. On the dissolution of this
partnership the young merchant met with
his first serious loss in the destruction of
his effects by fire.
At the outbreak of the eold fever in
California Mr. Harmon, with character
istic impulsiveness, resolved to be in the
van of the grand army of adventurers I
bound to the new El Dorado of ttte Occi
dent. A company of four companions
with himself was organized and duly
christened the "B. 0. R. Co." Without
loss of time they hastened to New York
and set sail for Chagres early in Decem
ber, 1848. A tedious delay of nearly two
mom. >s on the isthmus was happily ter
minated by the arrival from New York
via the Strait of Magellan of the steam
ship Oregon. He had no steamer ticket, ■
but fortunately through the kindly offices
of Agent Kandell he secured passage at
the regular rates. As an illustration of
the exorbitant prices demanded for tickets
it may be stated that at this time the late
J. B. Bidleman paid $950 at auction for a
Bingle fare^to San Frauciaco. Owing to the
crowd Mr. Harmon was compelled to sleep i
every ni>;ht in a quarter boat.
On* April 1. 1#49, the ship entered the
Golden Gate. She found the sister steamer ;
California swinging at anchor in this bav, i
a forlorn craft, her crew having deserted
and vamosed to the mines. In order io
save his own sailors Captain Pearson of
the Oregon ran his ship under the guns of
the United States man-of-war Ohio, and
her commodore, Catesby Jones, held the
iacktars on board the frigate until the
Oregon was reaay to leave on her down
ward trip to Panama.
Mr- Harmon and company pitched their
tent on Clay street, but at the expiration
of a week chartered a schooner and sailed
I up to Sacramento. The restless udventu
j rers here hired a team and pushed on to
Coloma, then the busy center of tne min
ing region. His first days digging
yielded him $16. A big enterprise was
that of turning the channel of the middle
fork of the American River at Spanish
bar.
A party of thirty-six, of whom Mr. Harmon
was one, entered upon t-e work, but aban
doned it without realizing a dollar. After
i digging with fair success for four months,
he turned his back on the Sierras, came
down to San Francisco and took a trip to
tne Atlantic States. He purchased mer
chandise in New York, shipped the same
to California and realized verv hand
somely on the speculation. He had a
i partner on Montgomery street named
i Quimby. They built a store on Merchant
i street, which went down in the big fire of
1850. The structure was rebuilt, and in it
the firm did business until the dissolution
of partnership in the fall of '50.
The theater of our argonaut's enterprises
! was now changed to Sacramento. Here
he became associated in the boot and shoe
trade with T. S.Mitchell. They fitted up
aline store, for not only city trade, but
country customers.
It became a popular emporium. Thither
resorted the rough dieter,; who cheerfully
paid his six ounces (?:»G) lor "No. 12 hip
< rubbers"; and here, too, the buxom dame
1 from just "the plains across" came to be
titted to ladies' "six" gaiters. The fire
; which on November 2, 1852, nearlv blotted
j Sacramento from existence, burned their
store, which was soon rebuilt. The title of
the firm was subsequently changed to
j Knight, Mitchell <fe Child*, and again to
j Harmon & Co. During his residence in
the capital city, Mr. Harmon identified
himself with various eleemosynary and
social societies, and was universally re
garded as a Dublic-spirited and in flue n
! tial citizen. His removal to the Bay I
I caused profound regret in the circle of his I
; numerous menus.
tor upward of thirty-five years the sub
! iect of this biographical sketch was active
j ly engaged in extensive mining enter
: prises. He was the official head of some
j of the richest, most substantial ana per
j manent Nevada companies. As president
! of those powerful organizations— the Chol
i lar, Potosi, Jackson and others — he man- I
; aged the same shrewdly and successfully,
i He invariably enjo3ed*the fullest cpnfi
| deuce of nis associates, whq never doubted
• his ability and integrity.
Our deceased pioneer was first married
in New York to Miss Marietta Randall.
By her he had a daughter and son, the
former born in Portland and the latter in
I Sacramento. She died in 1876 at Oakland,
; and two years thereafter he wedded Miss
| Sarah Johnson in Portland, Maine. Her
death occurred last year in Oakland.
For a quarter of a century prior to his
; demise Mr. Harmon resided in the beauti
! ful suburban city of Oakland. Hern lie
! erected a beautiful homestead, including
j a spacious conservatory, fitted with rare
I exotics, native flowers and shrubbery,
i thereby enhancing the attractiveness of
■ the grounds, which are picturesquely laid
out and cared for with exquisite taste.
During his long resilience in Oakland,
• Mr. Harmon was foremost in promoting
; the best interests of the community. He
ever showed iiimsell to be a representative j
iman in the truest sense of the word. Of !
I great business capacity, of unswerving in- |
! tegrity, his counsel and advice were eagerly \
[ sought after and cueerfully availed af. ,
In i>olitics the deceased was an earnest i
and conscientious Republican, and in his
religious belief a Cohgregationalist, the f:
family attending the church of that de- '
nomination while under; the pastorate of
j Rt-v. Dr. J. R. McLean. \ 0 • .'
In social life Mr. Harmon justly com
! manded the respect and esteem of his fel
j low-men and the sincere affection of his
devoted friends. His unostentatious acts
■ of benevolence have lightened many a
; troubled heart, and li is kind words cheered
many a perturbed spirit.
His loss will be deeply deplored in this
community, and more especially by the
Association of California Pioneers, of which
he Jaad lor many years been a life mem
ber, and frequently an incumbent of va
: rious offices within their gift.
The funeral notice will be found in an- !
other column of the present issue of this 1
journal.
.Aluweda'.'.Couhty. -Happenings -'.Told in
'•. : '.-' '•.'•'.:, '•■ I,' Brief Chapterg. •■.-■-■- -"{:'. : '\ -.-'.;■■
'; • v ' ": - Oakland Office San Francisco Call, V .
._•:".'.::.,.»:'• •"''■'■■' ;- : yus Broadway, April. 30. • | .
Elizabeth H. Parsons alleges in a complaint
'filed for a. divorce that John H. Parsous lias j
treated her cruelly. ..•..•.'• \.. "•.■..•.-...• :■'■■;..
;.! The preliminary examination of E. Martinell,
the messenger-boy groom, was continued this
afternoon to Saturday at 10 o'clock.
The attorney for Benjamin L. Hill has been
allowed ten days' extension of time to prepare
a bill of exceptions and ■ statements on appeal.
: The city and county lodges of Odd Fellows !
have decided to hold their picnic on Wednes- I
■ day/May (j, instead of Saturday, as was origin- !
ally intended. -.- .■• • ■ -. • jfer.^-.-g
Robert Risdon has filed a petition asking
that the aHairs of the copartnership which bad
i existed between him and Caroline and Henry
Xetshe be settled. • . . . ..
Colonel T. H. Allen, well known to Grand
Army men on this coast and long a resident of.
this city, is lying at the point 01 death at his
home in Fruitvale. ; • . .* .-
To-day a large force of men began work on
the new sewer for the Piedmont Sanitary Dis
trict, which is to cost $30,000 and will largely
'enhance values of real. estate in that part of
the city...-; •• ....... ,-,.=. .,
1314
Pauline! Myers to London and San Francisco
Bank (limited), lot on line of Sacramento street,
382:1 \V of Fiilmore. W 31:8 by X 128: S5. ; -- : .
London' and Sat: Francisco Bank (limited) to
Hamnel H. and Kate Collins,' same: $5. .■•:■•••■■•■
Juliet J. .Mezes to Charles V. and Eva E. Hee
gh.nril. lot on s line of Page street, 50 W of Lybn,'
\v 26 by s loo: ;.$;n).:' : i-':---:: ■"•■:• '■. '.. ■':/■ •' .'..." y.-.wr'i
■ : Bobert J. Layiig.lo Isabella H. Layn& lot on- E
Inn- of Clayton street, 103 X of Frederick, N 1*5:9
by F. 106: also furniture, etc. ; gift. \ . . , rV. -
John and Sarah Ward. to James McDermo't, lot
on .SE line of Folsbna street; 65 NE of Tenth, XE
25 by BE f»5: $10.. ■:: . / .''•• .-.,V~ .•:•': \0- -■.', •"■'.■ v^-'.'.
• Henry N. Westphal to Christian H. Westphal,
lot on. K line of Mission street, 68 S of Seven
teenth, 42 by K HO; also lot on W line of Thirty-
KPrond'- avenue, 125 S of I street. S 60 by W 120;
*10." V,.:-.- .'.■:.■ ::>.::,:.■■•::-; : ;^ vv ; : :fyi ;
. William and Henrietta •Carman to Peter and
Catherine E. Burns, lot on CV line of Duncan street,
161 \V of Church, W 33:6 by X 105: $10, , .: .
■ -Xicolai Fe:ersen to Charles l'rowse, lot on line
of Twentieth street. 50 E of Diamond. J-. 26 by X
£2:6: $10. :. ; ,.:: ■',."■ ';■■-.•:•.'.■•":-;: ":■ '<.;,;'; ..;'.::':
• Janet MacRae'i'o Hihernia Saving .'Loan So-'
ciety; lot on S line of Twenty-fourth street, 50 E of .
Douglass. E 50 by £90: $1. ; . 1 ':'• • -'.... •
trunk . Jones by \i. . P. Oliver, commissioner, to
same; same: $1616. ''■' '•'■:■-■■.-:■: .'■■■ ■'■■ :'■■• ";-.
William W. and Nellie J. Davidson ; to same,-:
same: :"•..• ' - :':y J- \ :'.■:.-■ '■'":' -^: ;■: ■<; ■
■ IV; or J. and Mary T. Dunne to Charles D. CusbV •.
Ing; lo: on X line of Washington iitreet, 263:1: W
of Leaveuworth, W 22:11' by X 137 r6; $10. '• •'•■■■
Joanna M. Wright toWeorKe T. Wright,' lot oni-X
line of X>Dmbard street, " 137:6 W of Jones, \V 68 :»
by X 137:6.:" $.(>. ■ . ":■'-... .■ ■ •■-. ' : ' ' "." '■-'.
: Margaret -A. Connolly, 'Annie A. Bride, James ■
and Mary F. Martin. William H. and Laura B
Powers lo Mary A. K. Roberts, lot on XW line of
Mission street, 55 NE of. Fourth, NE 25 by N\V
SO: also lot on NW line of Mission street, 80.-.XE
of Fourth. XE 25 by XW 160: $10. : -_. .... •
Anglo-Callfornian Bank (limited), P. N. and
Bella LilientbHt to Leon Guggenheim and A.
Mack. lot on NJ5 line of Fremont street; 137:6 SE
of Market. 8E 15:10 by XE 137:6-; $10.
Maty K. lic-.vme to RoderlcJc Q. Cluyett, lot on
S 1 : corner of !' gtn <■• and Twenty-third avenue, E ■
82:8 by 8 100: $10. -.
: Edward W. 81 i'er and Kate A. Williams to
Edward ICirkpa'.rick, lot 28, block 13, West End
Map 1; S10. - . ';
•Sunnyside Land company and California Title-
.Insurance and Trust company to the McCarthy .
Company, lots 1, 26. 31, 34, 35, block 10; lot 10,
block 37: lot 34, block 45. >unnyside: $10.
The : McCarthy Company (a corporation) to
Georse F. Bnssell, lot 31, block lO.Kunnyside; $10.
Jacob und Una Heymmi to Michael J. and Mary
A. Korean, lot 20, Jacob Heyman subdivisions of
block 17, san Miguel ranclio: $10.'.
UeorzeJ. Kobbins to Charles H. Balzer. lot on
S\V line of Twentieth avenue, 50 from BW corner
of K trept and Twentieth avenue, XW 25 by SW
100, block 403. .Sontli san Francisco Homestead
and Kailroad Association; $10. .':'. ;
AI.AMKDA COCXTV,
John R. and Mary W. Glascock to A.T. Ayer% lot
on \V line of Jackson street, 75 S of Seventh, W
75. X 1 : 4i •. E 75, S 1:4^ to beginninc, block 82,
Oakland; $10. .v;,. , " ...
A: T. and Nellie Ayers to John B.-Glascock, lot
on W Hue of Jackson street, 100 s of. Seventh, W
75, N 1 1 1 ... K 76, S 1 :4\' 2 to beginning, block 62,
O:tKlu:i<l; ( to. .' . ' .■"..'•
Charles and Martha A. Murcell to A".s.ust Kro
si'hel. lot on SE line of Eighth avenue, 50 sw of.
Kast Twenty-third street, .SW 75 by st 100, block :
137, Clinton, >::-.: Oakland; #10. , . .'. ■■:''• 4"'.'."
Jacob ami Gretha Kornahrens to Leopold Klau,'
lots 1, 2 and 3. block <., J.E. .McElratli" 'Tract,'
-Oakland Townshin: 10. .':•' ;•■':'■ ■" ■■■>...'
■ • l\ K'nd M;i::anna Borges (by. Commissioner) to
San Francisco and Oaklnnd Mutual Loin .Associa : .
tion. lot on NE line of (Live street. 708/59 SE of •
IVriUta a venue,. .-tE; 25.. XK 107. 16, N 2. >. sw
J06.-92 to. bei;innin(i, beiiiK lot 22, Peralta-ay'ehtie .'
Tract, Brooklyn Township: ?102.7v '.V.;'. ..•v':v- : i '-". : >:-'.v .'•.'
■ W.- K. and Krminia 1 j>r;rie to i. N. ScoHle'.d Jr..
lot- 221. map o$. the JUv-e ' Tract, Brooklyn Totvu-.
ship": ."jo.; •■; ';"..-' : - -W? <■'.':.- ■■■■' ! .'.-.-;j.s.--"!- ! .'- v ': :■■■ :V- -.■:.-!
• 1". and Delia H.irney to N. F. pann.lot
On S line 61 >aratp.ica ayemie, l'.(l Wo; Orchard'.
;stre.eU-.-\V:40 bvv. Si 1S2.:6. block 1;. uni Tided n.aii,
.'il-.i-g ■!>»■ t, Brooklyn Tpwiish!ji-:.*iO;'. .'. y...V. • ,::
.■ : ;:Ed\v;ir.l : 1- . .imld to Harry L.Cooli:.' lot on ! south
line of ,3Iercliai:t '•'•avenue, 150 K of : Vicksburg
■sin ft: !•: 60 livs :->3. bc.n- lot::4, block.C, Ju'dd.
Tract, apprtiott.of Pattereon Homcstfiad,
•I5rooiilyn-Towi's!up\:;i:l0. ! :" '^'r::':':i-r ;'.:''■■:{:■:■. >>3«
■vCarl;.ai:.)l. an 1 .Kyft Guniilach et':-nl.'.;io Guudr
l&ch-.B;ind3Ch.u.v\"jn^ Col; lot 6n'i!]i- south line of
:Hailfb'a'd--;';iveime.'-''i;i;f.:-:?:-\V 'of .' ; ihird avenue; .W.
109::f-by:S:au0.o\:;:iii«-<Ia':-:?5:;'C:.. ':::^:':-. : -:.v.: v "'v V:.V
... \viIliain;M(-y»'i"- «-.xVcu;or . ■• the >•>. ate of Curl W. j
Schw:<rti;:.to 1 :.:..-:•■. A. .i ■■.■•-'■.•), lot .: Oil;: west line
ofUninn ; t. "22.'i :•; ,:W, ; J li(;. avenue, N 50 by
\V 125. ■ ; ii;^:-l()['i ; U;0:vn!i : ... block map of
p'ropi-rty/of Cpl.iimb'iis-Bai:t;o:;, Ai:iiii>/1a;;.?120Q;' • ■-
• . . Le'eharao .seraln n'tfaV to/.Ma'^al.i no Goncfl vest;: lot : .
.on .-S/Hrie of"Centenrilj*r'.'a'yi-ii«e;.-l I .''2 i'.-»'. jlcl'her
sonsirte:. -E '25 !>y .- ! So, : l)>-i:i>: lot 19; b.ock 22,
Oak ; i .h.ade'.Tr:*ct-,;A'«amei5a ;' *.i;, ■■'•!' "'- ' ' ■• '. ■ " . •"' ' ■-. ;'
Charies-'C. senwebs to N. 1.. Smith, lot-on E line
pfA"ampb.-!l -street.^^;-S4;3 N of ' '-'Thirteenth
sir.-.-t, .* Jiiby: 1. 104, deed, Oakland;
510. .-.' :.•;'■;■', ; - ■■■",■-,.■.• : '-■'-<. ■:,:■'■- . ..'-& ~Z;. >~ •%■:'■''. ■*■
'.•■WiiHkmF/and A'.bertina E. Lewis to Emma J.
Tozer, lot on N line of Lydia street, ;-l'20':T'E of
Market, K 25 t»y : S :K0. <Vak.ab(!::'.^10.;v':.. ; ''=vC. : »: ;T '-'.^
'■•'■■ Eninia J. loz'-r- 10 WiillaaiF: Lewis, iot CD SW
corner of Thirtieth street Valid^tui.-l'abloti venue; : .'
W &0:B, S 100. .1: 109:4. -116 to beninniiifc. .being:;
lot -23; block C. Golden <iate.:li;pjiiestead/a.iihjeci to ;
a uibrtgase f6r.$4OOO. Oakland :?$ 10. "'•< r'-i-i' 1 - :;'
George F. and Mar E. Hardy to William M. Ha't
tl<l:. !.,t on/ N'W line of l-.l-'ventlrstreet, 52 E of
CentcT;'E52;by X.I 1O.. being lot 2, block 558. map
ef Center-street Home Lots at Oakland Point, Oak' . :
)AUd: $10. •,,: •:-r../v.iv / . ; V'-.-;V %ij )■'.''■ :}■:■. .. ;■■•:.••!:: . .....
': Charles. A. and Alice C. Bailey to 'Edward Jones,
tot on NW .corner of Fifteenth street and Channinx '
-*ay, \V SO :; by:N 100. block 127, corrected map of ;
Raymond Trac. Berke'ey ; $6;
'.'•■•Frank Kobertson .■to ; Lillian L. C. Fearn, lots 21
and ; 22;'b:ock-.C; Bueua VeiHuraTract, piap: 2,
n'lowhship; 10. V. : ':■". ■'■ . .
':-..|*lilllp ilener-.to; •poria-'Heneri lot on S\V corner '
of ralu venue aiid.St;:Charies street, H 2.25. W
241.887. ..XE 151. 213. X: 89.9 T.E 176 19-150 to
:beginnfne, Alanieda:..i:ift. ■'.:■■■ .;"";";■:":■.-.;■•;..! '•■_: '-,.. ;..V-':
Same msam> - , lot oh >W corner of Louisa arid
>t. Charles streets, -s- 51.83 hy W 252.10: gift;.
Clans Schmal/. to Anne ."sc'hmalz, lot on N line
of Taylor ay.rnue. 614 4 K irom the line be
tween the AuKhinbaiiEh 'j23-374^acre 1 tract '• and
Chipinan street, : Ji 1 1.1..6*»7-a»:re' tract, thence X :
122. : E 50:Hi 2 ■":'.■ > 122, W 50:2^ to : beginning, ? '
AUmeda; gift. _ . : . . ; . . •.■-■,•-.•.•"
Builders' Contracts.
r. . W./Rionlan. Archbishop of San Francisco,
With 1'. : Krodern-k. L'railiiiK and : concrete wall
around' part of Mbii'iit 'Calvary Cemetery, M. M.
O'siiau^hnessy; engineer;. $—-—. .-.-.'■ * '-y :; ov:';
Carolina A. I/ailmah with ; (Justav Williams, :
I-aiiitinp. srainini:,A-a.rnislilnc, etc.. on five build
ings on XK corner of li'-yisadcro and Turk streets. ; - :
$1600. ..: : ..,-..
..■ John and Catherine Bowr-s.-wlth John Keneally,
all work for a one->to'y frame cottage on E : line : of
•Tennessee street^ 50 v > vo: T wentv-s' cond, no
architect 51197..: "..'. ' . '■.'...". r\'.-:;".r-y.-:- ■
v''..J. H. Elieti w-iin T. K. Bais9tti Brb, all work .
e.TCf|it.:Vp.:uiiili!-ii?: and piiintingoii a.' three-story
building on X W. corner of S»ctameTito and Wi-tV
Rter streets, Balfleld ■./&■■ Koblberg architects;
?6u00: ■:,;■: ■■ ■■;■■- : ;. ; ; /'-lv:^ - : : /v:"-- ->t-:\: •.■;:.■:': ~*
■■■ ■"-' ■"'.■' ■ *'-'■*.' * — — ■ - ' ■
• As mercury freezes at about 39 decrees
below the zero point of Fahrohheii's ther
morneter. alcohol colored red is used in
:thermoirieter : -( .-uiV.- very cold places; More
than.lOiJ .decree.- |>elow zero can be meas
ured in an ai< ohol thermometer. v . :
SINESS orKIO- of tho Sari Francisco Cali~
710 MarkK stn ', open until 12 clock ever? .
nitrht in ill* piir. •':•■■■" '.:■.<.■;■* i- ':■■■ ■"'•. •■'■-. .■;•. '•'.';• ■'.'?
v HRA N< H :oKKKES_530 Montgomery street
rorner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock. • /, " .
;'-•'. 339 Hayps.;sin-t-:; open until 9:30 o'clock. :■.' .'"/^''v
713 Lark; li street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
s\V. .oriier sixteenth and Mission streets, Opat
until 9 o'clock. - . - ■..:.:-.■ .-.
2618 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock.
116 Ninth street,- open until 9:30 o'clock- .y1516
Isabella Morris Narrowly
Escapes Being Mur
dered.
ASSAULTED BY J. LEWIS
The Victim Thrown Down in a
Deserted Alley and Se
verely Used.
POLICEMAN BOBLES' CAPTURE.
Heard the Struggle in the Dark and
Succeeded in Arresting the
Offender.
Another supposed strangier is behind
the bars of the City Prison, and unlike
those who have preceded him he is in a
measure self-confessed and was also caught
in the very act of throttling a woman of
the half world in a dark and deserted
alley off Montgomery street, near Wash
ington.
It was at an early hour this morning
when the crime was committed, and at
that time, the electric lights being out, it
was dark as pitch.
Officer F. Robl, who patrols Mont
gomery street, was walking aloug his
beat, when he was startled upon reach
ing Merchant alley, to hear the gurg
ling sound of a strangling human being.
His mind being full of the recent out
rageous murders, he quickly arrived at the
conclusion that another helpless woman
was beint: assassinated and rustied up the
alley. Just as he reached the center of the
block, he heard si man's voice cry out: "II
you cry, I will strangle you to death as I
did the other notorious women of your
class."
This spurred him on in his search and
finally he spied a lar^e man with his
tinkers clutched around the throat of a
woman who was pivstrate on the pave
ment.
The would-be assassin and the officer
saw each other at the same time ami the
former released hi* hold on his victim and
sprang a* if to escape, hut Kobl was too
quick for him and soon hail him safely
ironed.
The woman then got up and both were
started lor the California-street Police
Station. On reaching the light it was ob
served that the victim of the assault was a
young colored woman.
When they reached the station a mes
senger was dispatched for Detective Ben
Bohen and in the meantime the man was
charged with battery. Up gave the name
of John Lewis and said that he was an
iron-molder by occupation. He failed,
however, to explain the motive which led
him to assault and nearly murder the
young colored woman.
When Detective Bohen arrived the girl
toi<l her story. She said her name is
Isabella Morris and that she liv«s in
Hinckley alley. "I was going through
Merchant street, " sl»- said, "in order to
buy some medicine at a drugstoie on
Montgomery street, near Clay. As I
reached the center of the block the prisoner
jumped on me and threw me to the
ground. He gra&ped my throat with one
hand and placed the other over my mouth
to prevent me from making an outcry.
"To add to my terror he kept cautioning
me not to make an outcry, as he said that
in event I did he would strangle me to
death as he had strangled several other
girls of mv class during the last rive
months. This failed to silence me, how
ever, but I could make no outcry and only
a gurgling sound came from my lips when
I tried to scream.
"Finally he released hia Lold and I im
mediately saw that it was a policeman
who had turned the tide in my favor. 1
honestly believe that if he had not been
interrupted in his work I would have been
strangled to aeath."
While she was telling her story the
prisoner stood by but never offered to
contradict her statements. When she had
finished he was led back into his cell
mumbling incoherent sentences as he
wal ked.
Detective Bohen, although he is not sure
that Lewis is responsible for the recent
murders, is not certain that he is not, and
he will be heid pending a lengthy inves
tigation, in any event he will be convicted
of assault and battery, and while he is
serving his sentence the detectives will
have ample time to look up his record.
The Full List of Athletes Who
Will Appear To-
Morrow.
Central Park Bjing Put in Condition
for Record-Breaking Per
formances.
BERKELEY, Cal., April 30.— The ath
letes at the State University are preparing
for what they expect will be the biggest
field day ever held on the Pacific Coast.
This mammoth contest between the younp
amateur muscle from all California will
take piace at Central Park next Saturday
afternoon.
Athletes from twenty of the most promi
nent clubs on the coast will be represented
at the meet and the special feature of the
afternoon's sport will be a prand bicycle
race between about forty of the California
crackerjacK*. A .special track has just
been completed for them at the park,
where all the events of the day will be
heid.
The old football ground at the park has
been converted into a veritable athletic
field, especially for the accommodation of
those WHO will participate in Saturday's
games.
The tield day will serve the double
purpose of beinethe coast championship
Held day and also of bein« in the nature
of a benefit for the University of California
Eastern track athletic; team, which ex
pects to leave California for Chicago next
week.
The men at Berkeley are bending every
effort to make the affair a irranU success,
both from an athletic point of view as
well as financially. They have already
purchased over 1000 tickets for the event.
The full list of entries for the champion
ship games to-morrow is as ioliows:
TRACK EVENTS.
100-yard run, first and second in heats to
run in* finals. First heat— W. M. Dickie, I", c. ;
O. E. Woods, K. A. C. ; .1. Morse, V. C; P. M.
Ward, o. A. <".; P. Lipinann, A. A. L. ; John
Brunton, L. S. J. I'.
Second heat— A. Esplein, O. A. C. ; Fred Butz.
O. A. C.; Colemnn Jellnsky. S. P. A. C; F,
Jenks, A. A. 1..; J. Schroeder'. Y. M. C. A. (S. F.)
Third heat— K duck, l\ C. ; W. P. Drum, A.
A. L.; R. K. Cochrau, B. F. A. C; E. F. Leilick,
Y. M.C. A. (-. 1 .;
l'JO-yard hurdle— Harry Torre y, U. C.;Ben
Bakewell, l\ ( '.; W. C. Patterson, O. A. C.
Fourth heat— W. Hupp. U. C: W. B. West,
Y. M. C. A., Oakland; K. W. White, Y. M. C. A.,
Oakland; R. D. Stewan, Y. M. C. A., San Jose.
Mile walk— Kdwin L. Leilich, Y. M. C. A.,
San Francisco; C. M. Yates, O. A. C. ; L. T.
Merwin. U. C. ; C. Jloltou, L'. C; James Mc-
Carthy. B. F. A. C. : A. M. Walsh, A. a. L.
Ball-mile run -Frank Hoik, Y. M. C. A., Oak
land; Hurry Eddy, Y. II. C. A., San Francisco;
Fdward H.'Ziska, Y. M. C. A., San Francisco;
Rav I. Carroll, U. C; O. C. Reeve, D. C. ;
.1. ' Guh, U. C; H. Coffin, 0. A. C;
Bert Coffin, O. A. c. ; Georee Klarmame, Y. II.
C. A., San Francisco; Thomas Csirkeek.S. A. A.:
David Sullivan, S. F. A. C.J George T. Stiaw .Ir.,
a. a. 1..; B. SteialeyA. A. l..; G. 6. Thompson,
Y. M. C. A., fc>an Francisco; Joseph DoyJe, A.
A. C.
220-yard hurdle, first and second in heats to
run at'/inal: First heat— II. B. Reynolds, L. S.
J. I'.; Ralph B. Mitchell, Y. M. C. A. (O) ; W. C.
1'atterson, O. A. C. ; Harry Torrey, U. C; F. R.
Wariiick, A. A. L. ; F. Marsion, U. i .
Second heat— II. B. Reynolds, L. S. J. 0.; R.
E. Cochran, 6. F. A. C; Ben Bakewell, U. C;
O. K. Wood, R. A. C.
UMi-yard novice run, first in each boat compete
in Dual: First heat— Ksrnest H. Ward, Y. M. C
A., >nti Francisco; Ralph B. Mitchell, Y. M. C.
A.. Oakland; William A. Kelly, S. M. C. A. C;
R. I). Stewart, V. M. ('. A., San Jose; M. .1.
Madson, B. F. A. C.
Second heat— Hugo Muller. Y. M. C. A., Oak
land; L. V. Bngnole. S. M. C. A. C.J K. W.
White, Y. M. C. A., Oakland; J. B. Osborne, A.
A. 1..; Ralph Lloyd, L\ < .
Third heat— Harry EdCy, Y. M. C. A., San
Francisco; Fred Fngstrurn. 1*. C. ; K. H. Ziska,
Y. M. C. A., San Francisco; David Grant,
A. A. L. ; A. Drennan, L T . C.
Fourth heat— FrauK Bolk, Y. M. C. A. (O.) ;
F. R. Warniik, A. A. 1..; P. S. Cummings. U.
C; K. F. Leilick, Y. M. C. A. [8. P.); H. C.Guit
tard, Y. M. C. A. <S. F.); 1). U. Coleman,
S. F. A. ('.
Two hundred and twenty yards run, second
men to ruu a trial, the winner of which will
COB&pete in tinal heat. First heat— O. K. Wood,
B. A. c. ; I', s. Cummings, U. C. ; R. Dresser, r.
»'. ; Will P. Drum. A. A. L.; C. U. Mclntosh, U.
t .: W. E. Horsey. A. A. L
Second heat— 1'. M. Ward, O. A. C; R. E.
Cochran, S. F. A. C. ; W. Hupp. 1. C. ; Frank
Bolk, Y. M. C. a., Oakland; ft. Chick, (". c.
Third heat— P. K. Magee, V. C: \\ . M. Dickie,
V. <■.; n. chestnut, V. c. ; J. Hone, U. C; k\
Jenks, A. A. I*
Mile rut.— Edward H. Ziska, Y. M. C A., San
Francisco; R. St^adman, L'. ('. ; W.B.Jackson,
0. C; E. J. Brown, I". C; Ray I. Carroll. I. <\;
O. C. Reeve, U. C: Kd HiKUera, S A. A.;
James McCarthy, S. F. A. C; David Sullivan,
S. F. A. C. ; Coleman Jelinsky, S. F. A. C. ; W.
llazeltine, A. A. L. ; P. Cutler, A. A. L.; 6.8.
Thompson, Y. M. C. A. (S. F.); Joseph Uoyle,
A. A. C. ; Frank Cooley, O. A. C.
Four liundred and forty yard run. first and
second in each heat to run in final ; lirst heat-
Bert Cottin, O. A. C.J Howard Coffin, O. A. C;
Harry Torrey, B.C.; J. B. Osborne, A. A. L.;
A. Drennan, D. C.
Second heat— C. R. Morse, U. C. ; James
Onerin. S. F. A. C; W. H. West, Y. M. C. A.,
Oakland; L. Hilborn, U. C; E. Steele, O. A. C;
Frank Jenks, A. A. L.
Third heat— R. J. Woolsey, A. A. L. : F. E.
Magee, V. C. ; Coleman Jelltuky, B.P.A.C.;
M. M. Deckie, U. C.J George' Klarmann,
Y. M. C. A. (S. F.); R. Chestnut, l\ C.
FIELD EVXHTS.
Putting 16-pound shot— Ralph B. Lloyd,
l T . C; F. Koch, G. C; R. Edgren. l\ C; Thomas
Ciirkeek, .S. A.C.; R. L Woolsey, A. A.L. ; A.
Cheek, A. A. L. ; Jerome Hohroeder, Y. M. C. A ,
San Francisco; R. T. Wilbur, L. S. J. U.
Running high jump— C. S. Dole, L. S. J. U. ;
David J. Grant. A. A. L; F. Koch, U. C. ; Love
Miller, U. C.J Ben BaKeweU. U. C; W. C. Pat
itHon, O. A. C. ; Robert E. Cochran, S. F. A. C. ;
A. cheek, A. A. L. ; J. D. Hoffman, A. A. [»;
Jerome sdirnoder, V. M. c. A., Sau Francisco;
George Toombs, L. 8. J. I".
Pn'e vault— F. T. Mumnia, U. C; A. Cheek,
A. A. L.; J. D. Uottmau, A. A. L.; Ralph 15.
Lloyd. I'. G.J C. S. Dole, L. S. J. U.; John
Brnnton, L. S. J. U.
Running broad jump — F. Bolk. Y. M. C. A.
(Oakland); F. Koch, U. C. ; II. Torrey. U. (.'.; R.
Dresser, V. C. ; A. L. Dorn, I'. C. ; A. Kspiin, O.
A. C- ; Fred Butz, O. A. C. ; R. E. Coehran, S. F.
A. C. ; Will 1*. Drum, A. A. L.; A. Cheek, \. A.
L. ; C. II. Parker, A. A. L. ; George Toombb, J.. 8.
J. U.; John Brunton, L. S. J. U.
Throwing 10-pound hammer — B. Hooper, U.
C; Rooert Edijren, L*. C; A. L. Dorn, V. r ;
C. M. Lynch, A. A. L.; R. T. Wilbur, L. S. J. U.;
Charles" Fichert, L. S. J. U.
Tug-of-war, six men on side, first trial—Olym
pic Club vs. South End .Rowing Club, G. E.
Jackson (anchor) vs. Neil Begg (anchor), D.
Mahoney vs. Gus Carson, W. H. Smith vs.
Thomas Barry, A. L. Buckley vs. Jame.« Palis,
F. V. Kington vs. Ed. Scully, E. McDaniel vs.
Frank Duplessea.
Second trial— San Francisco Athletic Club
vs. University of California. Henry Sullivan
vs. F. G. Radellinger, Arthur Dolan vs. A. E.
Perley, Thomas Brown vs. B. E. Hooper, John
Welch vs. F. J. Greigsberg, John McCafferty vs.
P. W. Hall. George Bates vs. E. R. Uohon.
Final trial.
The following are the entries for the
bicycle events:
One mile scratch, first heat— R. Cashing, D.
C; B. H. Elford, R. C. W.; F. S. Joost, C. C. C. ;
C. Goodwin, S. F. R. C; W. I). Jacks, I. C. C.
Second heat— G. H. Crafts, IT. C. ; G. A. Han
sen. O. C. W.; E. Curtis, R. C. W. ; J. Loveiand,
T. \V. ; L. 8. Leavitt, S. F. R. C.
Third heat— George Hamlin, S. F. R. C; L.
Olson, C. C. C; C. D. Gooch, R. C. W.; J. M.
Frietas, I. C. C; C. de Vore, C. A. C.
Fourth heat — A. H. Agnew, Acme; R. A.
Coulter. C. C. C; E. Ward.T. W. ; C.R. Griffith,
R. A. C; R. Robinson, & F. R. C.
Fifth heat— T. A 1 bore He. I. C. C. ; A. Theisen.
C. C. C; L. E. Pels, S. F. R. C; A. W. Kitchen,
A. A. T. ; E. Lauger, I. C. C.
Sixth heat— P. A. Deacon, R. A. C. ; L. Wag
ner. U. of C; O. Kiirtz, O. V. M. C. A.;J. R.
McKenna. Acme; G. W. Thomas, <:. C. C.
Seventhheat— P. G. Alexauder, C. C. C. ; H.
Vestal, Y. M. C. A.; A. J. Sohmitz, unattached.
First in each heat and second in fastest to
qualify for semi-finals ; first two in each semi
final to qualify for final.
A. A. Smyth, official hanrticapper of the
League of American Wheelmen, has ar
ranged the handicaps and bleats on the
half-mile handicap event as follows:
Half mile, handicap, first heat— G. W. Tan
tau, O. C. \Y., scratch; J. R. Kenna, Acme, 20
vards; C. D. Gooch, R. C. W., 35; H. Vestal, Y.
M. C. A., 45; A. Theisen, C. C. C, 50-
Second heat— R. Cushin«», U. of C, scratch;
J. A. Kuykendail, T. \V., 30 yards; E. Curtis,
R.C. YV.,40; W. D. Jacks, LC.C, 45; F.S.
Joost, C. C. C, GO.
third heat— G. H. Crafts, V. of C, scratch; A.
H. Agnew, Acme, 20 yards; li. JI. Elford, R. C.
W., 4 r ,; G. W. Thomas, C. C. C, 50; E. AVard, T.
W., 6O.
Fourth heat— George Hamlin, S. F. R. C,
scratch; P. A. Deacon, R. C. W., 30; P.. Wattr
man, T. \V., 40; C. de Vore, C. A. C, 45; R. A.
Coulter, C. C. C, 50.
Fifth heat— P. G. Alexander, C. C. C, 15
yards; E. Langer, I. C. C.,25; C. L. Griffith-, U.
C, W., 30; L. E. Pels, S». F. R. C, 50; O. Kurtz,
O. Y. M. C. A., 55.
Sixth heat— C. Goodwin, S. F. R. C.,20 yards;
J. M. Frieias. 1. C. C, 85; I.. Wagner, V. of C,
40: A. J.Schmitz, unattached, 50; J. b. Brear
ton, R. C. W.,(i(>.
Seventh heat -L. S. Leavitt, S. F. R. (;., 15
yards; T. Alborclle, I. C. C.,20; A. W. Kitchen,
A. A. L., 30; G. A. Hansen, O. C. W., 35; L. Ol
son, C. C. C, 45; J. Loveiand, T: \\., 00.
First in eiich lieat and second in tastest heat
to qualify for semi-Una Is; first two in each
semi-final h> qualify for final.
This will be the first opportunity to
jud^e the speed of the new six-lap board
track which has just been completed in
Central Park, and oy the performances of
these men to-morrow some idea may be
hati of what the professionals will rto on
it at the National circuit meet on May iti.
The Stearns racing team arrived nere
from Coronado yesterday, and the men
went at once to the Oakland Trotting
Park, where they will ride this afternoon
at the Fabiola floral fet« races.
The Meteoric Jules Mersfelder
Proved a Clever Imi
tator.
SIDE BY SIDE IN A STORE.
Keith Went Wild and the Artists
Grinned — Eccentricities of the
Young Painter.
Something has happened in art circles
in this City to disturb the even temper of
William Keith and to set the artists all a
laughing. Gossip of the studio has it that
the eminent landscape painter is furious
and indignant. At the same time the artists
draw mental pictures of Keith in his gal
lery on Pine street tearing out his hair
and fuming all afcout the oriental carpets.
And the innocent cause of it all — Jules
Mersfelder, votary of what he used to call
the "quality school," is far, far away.
Mersfelder's meteoric career went out in
San Francisco quite recently. His fading
away from the local artistic firmament
contained a pathetio story hidden beneath
the surface, and, unconsciously, it was ac
companied by a little transaction which
ruflled the lofty soul of his beau ideal-
Keith. Bringing the subject down to the
present, there are paintings by Mersfelder
and Keith side bv side in a Geary-street
art store, and only competent judges of
technique in 'painting ran distinguish
which is Keith s and which Mer?felder's.
Such a thing became possible through
the ambition of the young artist.
"It dawned upon me early in my
c.reer," he excluinied one d:iy in the
Press Club, "that it was ray destiny to be
distinguished as an exponent of the qual
ity school of painting. I went East and
studied, and was recognized in New York,
where my pictures had the place of honor
in the exhibition."
He produced a well-worn catalogue with
a sketch of a marine painted by him and
exhibited in the New York Academy of
Arts.
"That is proof of what I say," he con
tinued. "1 despise pretensions.
"I met Innes there, and found that he
and I were following the same ideals. We
painted in the quality school. Now that
reminds me. People out here have said
that 1 imitate Keith. Ridiculous. Keith
is a great artist, I admit, but he is work
ing in the same direction. That is all
there is in the similarity, of our work.
There is soul in the landscape when
painted in the impressionist, quality
style."
Then some friend of Mersfelder tendered
him a benefit concert in Golden Gate Hall,
ile had been exceedingly unfortunate in
disposing of his pictures ever since he
painted the panorama of San Francisco
lor the Columbian Exposition. The con
cert gave bim a new startand with the
generous !oan of costly Turkish rugs and
draperies he fitted up a studio in the St.
Anne's building.
"Now, indeed, do I feel inspired to per
form great deeds," Mersfelder exclaimed,
as he reclined on an oriental couch. "If
the artists of San Francisco were not j?al
ous of me, if they would only give me a
chance I know my pictures would create a
sensation."
He worked industriously for a month.
He went into the country and made
sketches of trees, and painted half a dozen
large scenes of glades in the forest. "A
Fojtcj Morning in the Oaks," "An Open
ing in the Forest" and "Sunset." the last
representing the glow of evening glinting
upon an autumnal scene tinging the foli
age with fantastic hues. These were the
best efforts of the month, not devoid oi
merit, and remarkably similar to some of
Keith's picture*. But the second month's
rent upBft the ambitious young artist's
nerves. The luxurious draperies of the
East were returned and Mersfelder disposed
of his whole stock of pictures to the Geary
street dealer for — "a song."
It seems that some of Keith's paintings
were in the same store, one of them a $ 1500
beauty lately purchased by C. IV Hun
tington.
As the story goes, Keith dropped into
the artstore the other day. The first thing
his eye met was this picture, and then be
side it were the copies of Mersfelder'^, all
looking so nearly alike that the uninitiated
might easily believe the one artist painted
the entire iot. The master of landscape
went wild at the sight and angry words
Jollowed, with the result that the dealer
and he are friends no more.
"The pictures were like peas in a pod,"
an artist explained when laughing with
fellow-painters over the story.
Mersfelder vanished from the City im
mediately after selling his pictures. He
met Chris Jorgensen on the Sacramento
train, and confided to him that he was co
ins to bis only iriend in New York. The
artists and connoisseurs here had con
spired against him, so he declared.
Whereat be wept bitter tears. He had a
ticket to Sacramento, and appeared in
styliph attire. •
And now a story comes from Sacramento
of a wonderful <lash maae there by the im
pressionist artist. It was told in Chris
Jorgensen's class at the capital. Accord
ing to it Mersfelder went to the best hotel
in town and pave out tbat he was there on
a contract with Mrs. Crocker to paint some
great historical picture. Anyhow, he got
the best apartments in the hotel, and set
the place by the ears with language that
passed through his sombrero. He put on
tremendous airs, and talked big things
about art, and Mrs. Crocner s order in par
ticular, till at last the people imagined
that Raphael had come back again to
earth and somehow alighted in Sacra
mento. This did not last long, however,
for Mersfelder had to subdue bis soaring
fancies abruptly. The latest account is he
lost himself somewhere at the other side
of the Capital city.
No AdmUalon Charge To-D»y at the
Murk Hopkins Institute.
To-day being the first Friday of the
month of May, the superb spring exhibi
tion of patronage by San Francisco artists
will be open to all, free of charge, at the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art. An the
weather indications point to a bright,
sunshiny day. a very large throng may bo
expected. Possibly the existing record of
2000 admissions on a single day may be
surpassed.
The paintings displayed at the magnifi
cent mansion on the hill are hiehly credit
able and worthy of careful study. Nothing
is more gratifying to W. G. Stafford, the
genial secretary of the Art Association, to
Mr. Martin, the manager, and to the lead
ing teachers, Messrs. Stanton, Joullui
Matthews, Yelland and Tilden, than pub
lic appreciation of tne work of local artists.
.Several directors have sipniiied a desire
to be present to-day and assist Mr. Martin
in extending a cordial welcome to all visit
ors. The teachers, as well as the pupils,
vie with Mr. Searlosintha purpose to make
the institute popular.
Balloon Ascension and Free Parachutes
at the Chutes This Afternoon.
Mayday will be celebrated in great style
at the Chutes and the children are prom
ised a splendid time. There will be a con
cert by the Children's band of twenty
pieces in addition to the regular concert
j given by the Chute musicians, and at 3
j o'clock Emil Markeberg, dressed as a
clown, will make a balloon ascension and
parachute drop.
Every youngster in attendance will be
given a souvenir in the form of a Japanese
parachute, and every precaution necessary
for the safety of the large crowd expected
will be taken. The orphan asylum chil-
dren have been extended the freedom of
the grounds and free transportation has
been j:iven by the railroad company.
Great Succens Achieved by the Famous
Spanish Violinist at ; the
Columbia. 1
Achille Rivarde's concert at the Colum
bia last night was. a grand > succesi. " The
programme embraced the following ■ num
bers:
Overture. "Midsummer Night'i Dream'
(Mendelssohn), orchestra; Scherzo (Chopin),'
M. Ainu- Lacchanme; Noel i Adam), Donald de
V. Graham; Concerto No. 3, B minor, op. 61
(>nint-<aens)— (a) Allegro non Troppo, (6) An
diuitino quasi Allegretto, (c) Molto • Moderato
Maestoso, (d) Allegro non Troppo— M. Achille
Rivardo; ''Invitation . to the Dance" (Weber),
orchestra; Second Rhapsodic (Liszt), M. Aitne
Lachaume; (a) "Ich Wandlc Unter Blumen"
(Meyer Hclmund). (6) "Forever and Forever"
(Cowen), Donald de V. Graham; Rondo Caprie
cioso (Saiijt-Saens), M. Achille Rivarde; Sla
vonic dance (Dvorak), orchestra. - ■"•','
Senor Rivarde s encores . were - after the
first number Godard's "Berceuse" (lul
laby), and after the second Sarasate's
"Spanish Dances" and Czchatkowsky's
"Eonianza." .- M. Lachaume • gave an
original gavotte and Lack's mazourka,
while Mr. Graham's "Only To-Night," by
Molloy, was one of the gems of the even
ing. .
There will* be three > more concerts— on
Friday night, Saturday matinee and Sun
day night. The prices for admission will
be 25, 50 and 75 cents. and $1, acpording to
location. The sale of seats is very brisk.
— *■'*.'*'■ — : r~" ;'■■'."•
Black, pink and golden-y«How pearls
are more valuable than white. ■■ - ■
Beautiful Gateway Being
Built for Stanford
Campus.
SYMBOLIC OF SUCCESS.
Massive Designs in Stone, Sur
mounted by Bronze
Sphinxes.
WILL BE THE MAIN ENTRANCE.
Designed by C. E. Hodges, and to
Be Completed Before Com
mencement Day.
As a fitting monument to Mrs. Stan
ford's ultimate triumph in the great Gov
ernment suit for $15,000,000, a beautiful
gateway is being erected at the main en
trance to the university campus.
It is the first substantial building in
keeping with the original designs of the
extensive quadrangle group that has
been attempted since the death of Senator
Stanford nearly three years ago; for soon
after that the estate became involved in
the litigation that barred all its sources of
revenue and left the university dependent
solely upon Mrs. Stanford's private for
tune for its necessary expenses, amount
ing to nearly $1000 a day.
In Hie minds of students and visitors first
passing through the portals, the new
sphinx-crowned pillars will hereafter
be associated with victory and wisdom, and
when the present seniors shall go out from
their alma mater at the end of this month
as graduates, content in the assured pros
perity of the institution, the sentiment
connected with the new gateway will leave
a lasting impression of one of the best tra
ditions of the college.
Each gatepost is formed of rough-hewn
yellow sandstone blocks, with four stone
pillars at the corners, and on the top of
tins substantial pile 13 to be a solid block
of stone as a pedestal fora bronze Egyptian
sphinx that will surmount the whole anu
make the top of the gatepost fully eighteen
feet above the ground.
From the accompanying sketch, made
from the designs of Charles Edward
Hodges, the university architect, may be
gained a good idea of the general appear
ance of the whole structure, which will be
completed about May 13.
Mr. Hodges is hIso authority for the
statement that the long-expected and
much-neded large auditorium or hall for
popular lectures will probably soon be
built.
The temporary chaptl building with
seats for 400 has long been made to accom
modate over 600 on special occasions, when
the extra persons have had to stand in
compact bodies and occupy every avail
able space on the sills of the tiers of small
windows peculiar to the Moorish architec
ture.
It is probable also that this deco
rative gateway marks only the beginning
of more extensive buildings to be erected
on the campus in accordance with the
elaborate but uncompleted plans suggested
by the present beautiful quadrangle.
The gateway marks the Palo Alto en
trance to the grounds, and is within 100
yards of the railroad station. At it begins
also the Palo Alto avenue, a broad drive
wav skirted by fan palms and leading to
th« quadrangle, a mile to the southward,
and yet not half way across the great tree
covered campus, which covers an area of
4800 acres.
G. Uccelli of Ocean View had his father-in
law, G. Ghiorso, arrested yesterday morning
on a warrant. He said that Ghiorso on
Wednesday chased him out of his house with
a shotgun, and ne tooK refuge in the House
of Correction. He was also chased by his
father-in-Kw's bulldog. Ghiorso then went
into Uecelli's house and let all his wine out on
the floor. Ghiorso blames Uccelli for beinjr
unkind to his young wife.
Sergeant McManus and his squad, who have
been in Chinatown for the past four months,
will be relieved to-day by a squad under com
mand of Sorgeant Harper from the Harbor
division. The squad consists of Policemen
Jacob Nelson, Company A; William McCottrv
Company A; Owen Heffernan, Company B-
Timothy Caluan, Company D; and James'
Belyea, Company D.
The police are endeavoring to find the
whereabouts of Louis Genet, a waiter, who left
his home. 738 Pacific street, on April 19 and
has not since been seen or hoard of. He left
all his personal effects in his room and no
cause is known for his sudden disappearance
The State has brought suit against the City
for $7000 due for criminals' keep at the
Whittier Reform School. The City does not
repudiate the debt, but claims it has do
money, so the State must wait as other cred
itors do.
Edinburgh has 22,000 cows, while Dub
lin comes next with 11,000, and London
stands tnird with a cow population of 8000.