VOLUME LXXIX.-XO. 168.
TEXAS HOMES ARE TWISTED INTO SPLINTERS
Terrible Devastation Caused
at Sherman by a
Cyclone.
ONE HUNDRED PERSONS
CRUSHED TO DEATH.
And It Is Estimated That About
as Many More Are Badly
Injured.
SCENES OF DESTRUCTION ALONG
THE PATH OF RUINS.
Bodies of Victims Blown a Great
Distance and Dead Children
Found in Trees.
SHERMAN, Tex., May 15.— The city of
Sherman was visited by the worst cyclone
in the history of Northern Texas about 5
o'clock this evening. The loss of life will
probably reach 100, with as many more
braised and wounded. The City Hall ana
the storeroom formerly occupied by S. G.
Holmes have been turned into temporary
hospitals, and eighteen bruised, mangled
and mutilated bodies are awaiting identi
fication at these two places. Nearly every
house in Fairview Addition was turned
into a hospital and the citizens rendered
all the aid possible.
The path of the destroyer was 100 yards
wide. It struck the city at the west end
of Post Oak Creek and swept in a westerly
direction for several blocks and then
Bpread and spent its force. The track of
the cyclone is a gruesome sight, the
devastation being complete — houses, trees,
fences, in fact everything in its path was
destroyed.
Following is a list of the dead so far as
known:
R. L. Burns, wife and two children; Mrs.
Otto Paulsing and two children; James
Nicholson, wife and two children; T. H.
Montgomery, wife and two children; John
Ames, wife and two children; Rev. Mr.
Shearer; eight members of the Pearce and
Richardson families at the Wakefield /arm;
child of Mrs. Craighead; Mrs. Burns and
two children; Mrs. James Davis; Mrs.
John Fields; Lucinda Lake, colored;
Charles Cox, colored; Eliza Cox, colored;
Bloane Ballinger, colored; Katie Ballin
ger, colored; William Nichols and four
children, colored; Wright Clark and. three
members of his family, colored; Mrs.
Athens; eighteen unidentified dead at the
City Hall..
Dr. Saddler, who has not been seen since
the storm, is believed to have been killed.
Seriously injured — Professor and Mrs.
Kahler, six children of J. B. Irwin, Ed
ward True.
Mrs. Atkins, fatally hurt; Otto Bal
linger, W. S. Bostwick, Jesse Brown. Mrs.
Jesse Brown, Lettie Burns, Lummie Burns,
Ben Cephus (colored! Mrs Ben Cephus
(colored) Clarence Cephus (colored),
Wright Clark, fatally hurt; Wright Clark's
family/number not known, fatally hurt;
Mrs. Wright Clark, Eliza Cox (colored),
Ed Halsell, Mrs. Ed Halsell, Har
riet Hendricks (colored), David Herring,
four Irvine children, Granville Jenkins,
Mrs. Thomas Jenkins, live Jenkins chil
dren, Mattie Johnson (colored), Mrs. J. B.
King, two Kir»g children, Harriet Lake
(colored), Mrs. H. Miller, John Newhouse,
(colored), Alice Newhouse (colored), four
Newbouse children (colored), Philip
Nichols, Hester Nicholson, Nannie Nichol
son, Mary Patrick (colored), three Patrick
children (colored), Mrs. D. L. Pierce, Isaac
81. carer.
Both Grays Hill and Fairview were
badly damaged.
The cyclone passed directly west of the
North Texas Female College, barely miss
ing it. For two or three blocks every
thing in its pathway was swept aside.
Then it would rise for a block or two and
little damage would be done.
B. B. Sales, a delivery man, drove down
Houston avenue directly after the cyclone.
He slated that he saw at least seven men,
women and children lying along the ave
nue dead and many wou.nded. The devas
tation in spots where the cyclone was the
worst is complete. • Captain Ely's fine
residence was blown to pieces. His wife
and two children were in a closet, but
fortunately escaped without injury.
Not a thing remains to mark the spot
where only a few hours before stood the
magnificent residence of Colonel Burgess.
His ■family was absent from the house at
the time.
Mayor Tone of Denison gives the follow
ing account of the cyclone:
"I was in the courthouse about s o'clock,
when suddenly I" heard a roaring wind
coming from the south. The next thing I
knew the air was thick with mud- arid
Email specks resembling ashes. The cy
clone did not strike the courthouse or jail,
but followed up Post Oak Creek. The
roaring did not continue over two or three
minutes. During all this time it rained
hard. In about five minutes rumors began
to spread that many lives had been lost,
and the reports grew worse and worse as
time passed. By 9 o'clock fifty dead bodies
had been brought into the public build
ings and searching parties are out for
more."
Dead children bare been found in trees,
under leveled houses and in Post Oak
Creek. An iron bridge over Post Oak
Creek was twisted into scrap iron.
Professor and Mrs. Kahler were both
The San Francisco Call.
! badly and it is feared seriously injured.
j The six children of J. B. Irwin are all
badly hurt.
Dr. Michael left for the west part of the
town just before the cyclone and was
caught in the storm and Dadly hurt.
Dr. Saddler left for the south part of
town just before the storm, and at the
present time nothing has been heard from
him. It is feared he was killed.
Mrs. James Davis and Mrs. John Fields,
who live ten miles south of town, were
both killed.
It is feared the destruction in that part
of the country is serious.
A mass-meeting was held to-night at the
courthouse to devise means to relieve the
distressed.
DETAILS OF THE DISASTER.
Whole Families Exterminated and Struct
ures Reduced to Splinters.
SHERMAN, Tex., May 15.— Five ele
gant residences were demolished in this
city. The Houston-street steel suspension
bridge was torn to splinters and huge iron
girders twisted like straw. Houses, trees,
animals and human beings were blown
thousands of feet. Whole families were
exterminated and separated by the relent
less storm.
The bodies of Mrs. Otto Ballineer and
| child were blown 500 feet up Grape Hill.
Many bodies are yet unrecovered.
A hundred negro cabins were blown off
the face of the earth.
Mrs. L. Ely and two children were
miraculously saved under the ruins of
their home. A bureau fell on the family
and a stairway on top of the bureau, pro
tectine them from falling walls.
Sixth street was not very thickly set
tled, but what houses were there were car
; ried upward in the mighty whirlwind.
A iarmer driving along in front of Cap
\ tain Ely's house was killed instantly. The
wagon-wheels were found, but no trace of
the team. Bodies of children beheaded
and disemboweled are oommon.
Six unidentified white corpses are in
Undertaker Harrinton's rooms. Some of
the victims have limbs broken in as many
1 as three places.
J. H. Herron, who lives five miles south
of town, brought in his only son fatally
injured. There was only the father and
son in the family, and they had been
batching together for many years. The
father is distracted with grief. He taw
the storm coming and went to the storm
house and escaped without a scratch.
! The boy was away from home at his
: uncle's, who was killed with his wife and
J baby.
Ten bodies were brought in from the
Wakefield farm, two miles west of the city.
A. F. Person, wife, granddaughter, mar
ried daughter and three other children,
who lived on the farm, were ail killed.
T'ae r.mosplieric condit: ons have been
much disturbed for several days in Texas.
Tuesday there were hail and wind storms
in various parts of Northern Texas. Tc~
'■ day there was a series of cye^nic storms,
i affecting mostly Grayson ana Denton
counties. At Sanger and Justin, in the
latter county, there was a cyclone that
doubtless extended into Grayson Couuty
and caused the disaster here.
The storm passed to the northeast into
the Indian Teiritory. It is thought the
: country for fourteen or fifteen miles
! around has been devastated and nearly
depopulated by tue storm.
The cyclone was preceded by a terrible
! claj> of thunder and much lightning. Ac
t conipanyiucit came a furious dash of rain.
The roar of the storm was heard all over
the city. Many fell on their knees and
prayed for life. Colored people terror
stricken sank on their knees in tne mud
and cried: "Jesus have mercy on us,"
"Save us.''
A big colored woman with both le^s
brofcen wat found in the creek crying, "On
the 15th of May the Lord done kill me and
all my children."
Five minutes after the storm the sky wss
bright and clear, but desolation, terror and
uncontrollable grief reigned where ten
minutes before were happy, united fam
ilies and pleasant homes.
Many private homes have been turned
into hospitals an'i physicians and sur
geons of this and aajacent towns will work
ail night. Some of the wounded in the
hospitals will die before morning.
The ladies of Sherman came to the res
cue nobly and bear up bravely in the face
of the most sickening sights.
MURLE NORN OF NELIEF.
yurses and Physician* Carina for the
Wounded.
SHEKMAN, Tkx., May 15.— A perma
nent relief committee consisting of C. H.
Smith, C. B. Randall, C. B. Dorchester
and Colonel George Murphy was organ
ized and will take donations.
It is distinctly stated that donations
from points outside of Grayson County
will not be received. Denison has
responded nobly, nurses and physicians
from that city rendering great assistance.
All railroads running into the city placed
special trains at tbe disposal of the local
authorities and brought help from all
neighboring cities.
A waterspout accompanied the cyclone
I and the creeks are all out of their bank-.
Several objects thought to be human
; bodies were seen in the water, but could
not be reached. The officers are making
every preparation possible to dredge all
the creeks in the vicinity at an early hour
to-morrow.
It is a remarkable incident that In every
case where there were deaths the bodies
from the houses destroyed were found 150
to 200 yards from the building in a diiec
tion opposite to that in which the storm
was moving. The storm was moving north
ward and in every instance the bodies were
found to the southward.
Telegraph and telephone poles were
torn up and driven into the ground. It is
j safe to assume that at least one-fourth of
tne injured will die in the next twenty
four hour's.
Another storm of a similar nature passed
about six miles west of the city at about
the same hour. Several houses were blown
down and many persons mjurned. Their
names cannot be obtained.
At Carpenter's Bluff on Red River it is
reported that six persons were hurt, five
seriously.
Buildings and other structures in the
way were demolished.
A daughter of Tom Jenkins was found
j lying in a pool of water. Bbc was c vi
SAX FRAXCISCO, SATURDAY MORXIXG, MAY 16, 1896.
nently drowned, for no marks or bruises
could be found on her
WIDE SWEEP OF THE CYCLONE.
It Causes Death and Destruction in
Many Ijocalities.
NEWTON, Tex., May 15.—Six persons
were injured, one of them fatally, by a
cyclone which passed near Mound Ridge,
a Btation on the Missouri Pacific, twelve
miles north of here this morning.
A stretch of country about eight miles
in length and 100 yards in width was
devastated.
Samuel Bass, a farmer, was fatally in
jured and his house demolished. Five
others, whose names are unknown, were
more or less seriously injured.
DENTON. Tex., May 15.—A cyclone
struck the town or Gnhble Springs, eight
miles north of Denton, this afternoon.
Four persons were killed and five others
so badly wounded that they cannot live.
The property damage is great.
JUSTIN, Tex., May 15. — A cyclone
struck the town of Justin to-day at 2:.>0
r. m., blowing twelve houses down, killing
one man named W. J. Evans of Keller.
Tex., and badly injuring seventeen others.
The cyclone also did much damage north
of here.
HOWE, Tex., May 15.—T0-day's ter
rible cyclone struck this town and its path
was a quarter of a mile wide. Eight per
sons were killed outright and many in
jured. Bark was ripped from trees and
much stock killed.
LEFT MUCH GOLD DUST.
Mystery Connected With the Death of an
American Miner.
DCRANGO, Mexico, May 15. — About
twenty years ago an American located
here established a camp in the Sierra
Uncle Sam— The gold cure doesn't work. I guess I'll have to sign that
silver pledge.
Madre Mountains, ninety miles south of
here, and engaged in sold mining. A lew
days ago two prospectors stepped at the
American's cabin and found his dead body
lying on the cot within.
A search of the premises was made and
gold dust, which will aggregate in value
$75,000, was found. The only paper found
was an old letter addressed to Frank r .
Lorn brick. 25 West Fourth stn-Pt, Cin
cinnati, Ohio. The writer was a woman,
who siened the name of Ol'ie Maroux
The letter was dated Wheeling. W. Va.,
1874, and the contents merely stated that
the writer would leave on the following
day for New Orleans, and would not re
turn to Cincinnati for several months.
ENFORCED CONVERSION CEASES.
Pressure of the Powers Not Brought to
Bear Upon the Turkish Authorities
in Vain.
CONSTANTINOPLE, Turkey, May 15.—
As a result of the vigorous action of the
foreign Embassadors and Ministers the
Porte has ordered that the enforced con
version of Christians to Islamism at Bir
edjik be stopped. The Suitan has ordered
the withdrawal of the local troops at that
place and the substitution of regular
troops, and has also decreed that a com
mission proceed at once from Marash to
Biredjik to arrange for the rebuilding of
the mosque and the Christian church
which were destroyed in the recent dis
turbances at that place and remain there
until confiaence in future order is com
pletely restored.
Leo's Letter to Hungarians
ROME, Italy, May 15.— The Pope has
issued an encyclical letter to the Hungarian
episcopate upon the celebration of the
One thousandth anniversary of the found
ing of the Hungarian kingdom. His
Holiness deals with the long entente
which endured between the church and
Hungary and deplores the recent depar
ture of Hungary from that relation. He
asks the civil authorities of Hungary to
act in accordance with tbe Catholic church
and beseeches the Hungarian people to
follow in the footsteps of their ancestors.
■ Buried in an Opal Mint.
QUERETARO, Mex., May 15.— A cave
in occurred at the opal mines near i.ere
yesterday, and ten men were buried with
earth and stones. Word was brought here
from the scene of the accident that four of
the miners were killed and several of the
otherß injured.
WARNER MILLER
NOT A CANDIDATE,
Would Not Accept the Vice-
Presidency Under Any
Conditions.
WILL SUPPORT MORTON.
But Is Ready to Work for Any
Goad Republican Who May
Be Nominated.
NOT INFLUENCED BY HANNA.
McKinley's Manager Never Attempted
to Buy His Support by Offering
Inducements.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 15. -Warner
Miller furnished the United Press to-day
with the following statement:
"I returned from a trip to the Adiron-
daoks this morning and find that some of
Governor Morton's friends are excited
over the fact that some papers have men
tioned myself as a candidate for Vice-
President on the ticket with McKinley.
and also that the oid and discarded story
that I had visited Mr. Hanna and made
arrangements with him has been revived.
"Ordinarily I would give no attention
to a matter of this kind, but under the
circumstances I think I may as well end
them both at once. To all of my friends
who have asked my views in regard to
being a candidate for Vice-Presfdent I
have replied that I was not a candidate
and would not be under any possible con
dition* that might arise.
"I have not seen Mr. Hanna since last
June, and I have had no communication,
direct or indirect, with him. In short, Mr.
Hanna ha 3 not attempted to buy my sup
port to MeKinley by offering me any
position or other consideration whatever.
I announced myself as supporting Gov
ernor Morton before many of his officious
friends did so; I have also been instructed
by the State Convention to support Gov
ernor Morton's candidacy. I have done so
and I shall continue to do so; but I want
the Republicans of the State of New York,
whom I have the honor in part to repre
sent at St. Louis, to understand that I am
not taking any part in any canvass which
has for its sole object the proposition
'anything to beat MeKinley.'
"1 have looked upon all the leading can
didates heretofore mentioned as in every
way competent and worthy to fill the ex
alted position of President of the United
States, and the nomination of any one of
them would receive my most cordial in
dorsement and support: but from my cor
respondence and connection with the Re
publicans of the interior of the Btat.e I
believe that a vast majority of them, after
and second to Governor Morton's candi
dacy, prefer the nomination of McKinley.
I shall attempt to carry out the wishes of
the Republicans of the State of New York,
and if the occasion shall ever arise in the
convention my oecond choice will be
Major McKinley. I have known Major
McKinley for nearly twenty years. I
know him to be an honest, straightfor
ward, conscientious and able man. He
has h&d a large experience in public
affairs, and would, no doubt, fill the ex
alted position of President of the United
States with credit to himself and honor to
his party,
"As 1 stated a few days ago in an inter
view I have no doubt that the St. Louis
convention will adopt a sound money
platform without any equivocations or
straddles in it and whoever will be the
candidate for President, whether Governor
Morton, Mr. Allison, Mr. Reed or Mr.
McKinley, he will stand unhesitatingly
upon the platform adopted, representing
the sentiments and the wishes of the Re
publicans of the United States. lam a
business man myself and deeply interested
in the question of currency ana the, tariff
and shall never give my support at St.
Louis to any platform which is not right
upon these two questions, nor my support
to any candidate regardine whose fidelity
to these principles I have the slightest
doubt. Wauneb Miller."
PRITCHARD THEIR CHOICE.
yorth Carolina Republicans Will Send
Him Bach to the Senate.
RALEIGH, N. C, May 15.-The second
duy's session of the Republican State Cou
vention bc^an at noon. State Chairman
Holter presided. Senator Priichard was
nominated as permanent chairman of the
convention, but declared he would not ac
cept, and Henry Mott was chosen. The
following resolution, offered by ex-Con
gressman Ewart, was adopted by acclama
tion on a rising vote:
Resolved. That Jeter C. Prltchard be nomi
nated as the candidate of the Republican party
for United States Senator and that the dele
pates to this convention pledge themselves to
use all honorable means to secure his election.
Senator Pritchard was given an ovation.
He made a strong plea for protection, and
attacked tbe present tariff. He disap
proved the Dingley bill, and declared he
was a friend of silver; that some people
claimed they were the exclusive friends of
silver, but that Republicans were its only
real friend.*. He also declared it would
suit Democrats to raise the silver issue
and befog the tariff question. Senator
Prichard offered a resolution, which was
adopted, instructing- the delegates to the
National Convention to vote for McKinley
for President so long as his name is before
I the convention.
The following resolutions were adopted:
We favor the use of gold and silver as stand
ard money, and the restoration of silver to its
functions and dignity as a money metal. We
are opposed to retiring greenbacks, the money
of the people, the money iavored by Lincoln.
We are opposed to the issue of interest-bearing
bonds in times of peace.
Senator Pritchard submitted a report of
the conference with the Populist State
Committee, which says if the Populist
State Convention fails or refuses to re
nominate its part of tbe candidates on the
State ticket the Republican State Commit
tee is given power to complete the State
ticket.
Hezekiah A. Gndger and Oscar J. Spear
are elected Republican Electors-at-large
by the State Convention. They were in
structed for McKinley.
The balloting for Governor began at 11
o'clock. Three ballots were taken up to
midnight, D. A. Russell leading, with O.
H. Dockery second, J. B. Boyd third and
J. A. Moody fourth.
At 1:30 this (Saturday) morning the con
vention nominated D. L. Russell for Gov
ernor.
ROSEWATER FLUSTERED.
Cornered by Bryan While Engaged tn a
Silver Debate.
OMAHA, Nebk., May Hon. W. J.
Bryan and ; Editor Rosewater of the Bee
met in debate to-night on the silver ques
tion before ; an . audience that filled the
largest auditorium in Omaha. Mr. Bryan
attempted to force his opponent to explain
the appreciation in money, but the noted*
journalist avoided the subject. Mr. Rose
water apparently played several times into
the hands of his enemies and became flus
tered before the crowd, which was appar
ently of the silver persuasion. His friends
admit that he was not at his best, although
his opening ' remarks were ' forceful and
clear. < £3fIfeHBSS9HS£33IM|
♦
McKINEY AND THE A. P. A.
An Alleged fear That the Order Will
Indorse Him. \
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 15.— A1l
the interest in the A. P. A. Convention is
BRUTAL BUTCHERIES COMMITTED IN CUBA,
now centered in the probable action to be
taken regarding Major McKinley. The
enthusiasm ol his support by a great ma
jority of the convention leaves no doubt
that the boycott against the candidate will
be annulled as soon as a vote on the sub
ject can be reached, but fears are now ex
pressed by some of the adherents of Major
McKinley that the convention will go
beyond that and forrually indorse the Ohio
man, as well as reprimand the advisory
board's executive committee whica pub
lished the charges against him. It is now
the effort of conservative Republicans in
the convention and out of it to prevent
this indorsement, for fear that it
might develop some back-action ef
fects, and they are insisting that the
convention take no positive action at all
in reference to political candidates until
after they are formally nominated and
before the country. The convention is
apparently transact ing little business of
public interest, although it is stated that a
strong attempt is being made to do away
with the secrecy of the organization and
make it open to all.
At this morning's session the report of
the committee on agitation and education
was adopted. It expressed the commit
tee's belief that agitation without educa
tion was dangerous, and that a bureau
ougnt to be established for disseminating
information. It also recommended that
the Junior A. P. A. be placed under the
control of the Women's A. P. A., and pre
sented an opinion that all property in the
United States except that owned by Na
tional, State and municipal governments
ought to be taxed.
A McKINLEY LOVE FEAST.
Funny Disclosure Relating to a I. ttile
Morton Room-
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.— There was
a lively MeKinley mass-meeting last even
ing in West Sixtieth street, where a large
number of the Ohio man's friends met to
sound his praises. The meeting was a
long one. but few men left the hall before
its close, and the one "oman present also
remained until the fin.ih. T. C. Camp
bell acted as presiding officer ana deliv
ered a speech that time and again stirred
up much enthusiasm for McKinley. But
the most interesting feature of the even
ing's programme was in the form of corre
spondence bearing the signature of C. W.
Hackett, chairman of the Republican
State Committee. Campbell referred to
the fact that Piatt had charged that Mc-
Kinley had subsidized the press, and then
proceeded to read the correspondence
mentioned. The first document produced
was a copy of the Searchlight, a paper
published by and ior negroes at Austin,
Tex. It contained a page and a half of
Morton matter and a picture of the Gov
ernor as well. The second document was
a letter to the editor of the Searchlight
signed by Chairman Hackett, saying that
"We should be pleased to send you cuts
and some articles on the candidacy of the
Governor, which we would be willing to
I>ay for at liberal rates."
The third document was a bill from the
Searchlight for $330 for the column for five
weeks, and the fourth was a letter from
Hackett denying mat he had ever offered
to pay for anything in the paper.
VOTED THE DEMOCRATIC TICKET.
Secretary Carlisle Settles a StisunJer-
standing in Kentucky.
LOCISVII.LE, Ky., May 15.— Since the
election last November a report has been
industriously circulated in Kentucky that
Secretary Carliile <".;d not vote the Demo
cratic State ticket. This charge was pres
ently enlarged into an assertion that
Carlisle voted the Republican State ticket.
This Carlisle denied in a telegram, but
inquiry from Hon. John S. Shea, a promi
nent silver man, caused him to reply more
definitely as follows:
\Vaslitnoton, May 9.
Hon. John S. Shea, KussellvH'e, A'»/.— Dear Sir:
Your favor of the 6th just receive!. Notwith
standing the industrious and persistent circu
lation of reports to the contrary, I voted the
entire Democratic ticket, State and municipal,
last November at the election In Kentucky.
Very truly yours, J. G. Carlisle.
Judge George G. Perkins of Covington
saw Carlisle vote and connrms the Secre
tary's statement.
SENATOR TELLER, DELEGATE:.
Says the Republicans of Colorado Knew
Bin rirtci.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.—Sena
tor Teller will go to the St. Louis conven
tion. "It is not necessary for me to say
anything as to what I may or may not
do," said the Senator thia afternoon. "I
informed the Republicans of my State
what my position was, believing that in
so doing I was acting in good faith.
"They knew before they elected me as a
delegate to St. Louis what were my views,
and in the foil knowledge of those views
they made their choice. Under the cir
cumstances I shall be one of the delegates,
and wiil be at St. Louis. I stand just
where I stood in my speech and in my
letter to the chairman of our State com
mittee. Heyond thi=> it is unnecessary for
m«5 to say anything."
NOT A. McKINLEY ORGAN.
Editor Carey Say* the Aeto York Times
Has >>ot Changed Hands.
NEW YORK. N. V., May 15.— The fol
lowing is self-explanatory •
I understood that a report had been given
out cither in Cincinnati or Columbus, Ohio,
that a syndicate composed of Mart Hanna. H.
H. Kohlsaat, Mayor W. I_. Sl'ong, Chris Magee,
General Sam Thomas and General Wager
Swayne had purchased the New York Times,
intending to take possession July 1 and make
the paper the personal organ of MeKinley. and
that the Recorder has also been purchased and
is to be made an evening edition of .the Tim»s.
While the anonymous source of the story might
seem to make a denial unnecessary, yet 1 wish
to say there is absolutely no foundation for it.
Hknry M. Casey.
Managing Editor New York Times.
McKinley Will Lecture.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 15.— Major
MeKinley arrived thia morning and is at
the home of M. A. Hanna. He expressed
surpiise when informed that a committee
of the A. P. A. convention at Washingto n
had arrived at Canton for the purpose of
interviewing him. He said he had not
heard of the proposed visit. His time of
coming to Cleveland had been changed tor
other reasons. To-morrow evening Mr.
MeKinley will lecture before the General
Conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church on "George Washington."
Kett> York's Democracy.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 15. -The Demo
cratic State Committee met at the Hoff
man House to-day and selected Saratoga
Springs as tbe place and June 26 as the
date for holding its State Convention.
PRICE FIVE CEXTS.
Innocent Men, Women and
Children Slain by the
Spanish.
THOSE WHO ESCAPE BUL
LETS ARE BURNED.
Fugitives Driven Into a Cane
field and Cremated by the
Soldiers.
OTHER ATROCIOUS TACTICS ARE
NOW IN VOGUE.
Victims Bound and Weighted and
Their Eodies Cast Into the
Waves.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 15.— An
afternoon paper to-day printed the follow
ing story:
No more forcible evidence of the butch
ery of unarmed and unprotected Cubans
by the Spanish troops could be adduced
than by advices received in this city this
afternoon from Matanzas, Cuba, which
graphically depict the barbarous and inhu
man means employed by the Spanish sol
diers in their war against the Cubans. The
letter was dated May 9 and reached this
city through private sources for the reason,
as cited in the communication, that all
letters that go via Havana postollice are
tampered with and frequently do not
reach their destination. It was pointed
out that letters containing any informa
tion against the Spanish Government led
to the imprisonment and often to the death
of the writer.
The letter received here this afternoon
started out with the statement that sixty
four non-combatants — men, women and
children— were met by a Spanish column
under Colonel Aldea in the town of
Savanilla, near Matanzas, and fired upon
by his orders. Twenty-seven were killed
instantly and the rest fled into a cane
field, which was set on fire by the troops,
and all perished in the flames, and the
bodies were left as food for the buzzard 3.
Another was the case of two bodies of
white men which were found on the shored
of Matanzas Bay. These bodies were
lashed together and there was unmistak
able evidence of having been kil.ed by
machetes. The discovery of the bodies
caused a great sensation, and now the
I authorities are trying to make out that it
i was the work of insurgents.
The writer points out that this is ridicu-
Jous fcr the reason that the insurgents are
| not in possession of Matanzas, and that
the men were political prisoners confined
in San Severino Castle, where assassina
tions of this kind are said to be carried on
almost nightly, and the bodies cast into
the bay have been found with weights at
tached to their feet. In the case in point
the writer says the weights must have be
come loosened and the bodies floated
! ashore.
In a case before this it is stated that
fishermen brought up in their nets bodies
tiea together with weights, and since then
the fishing has been prohibited near the
fort.
Affidavits to all these facts are in pos
session of the person who wrote the let
ters.
ALL THE TRUTH NOT TOLD.
War Correspondent* Talk of the Inhuman
Warfare of the Spanish.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.— Frederick
W. Lawrence of the Morning Journal and
James Creelman, war correspondents, re
cently exiled from Cuba by order of Gen
eral Weyler, commander of the Spanish
forces on the island, and Nicholas Biddle,
correspondent of the New York Herald,
who left through his own volition, arrived
in this city to-day from Hoffman Island
on the quarantine tug Governor Flower.
Mr. Lawrence said that the state of af
fairs in Cuba could not be adequately
described.
"It is simply frightful," said he, "and
the facts are impossible to get because of
j their suppression by the Spanish authori
| ties. We know absolutely nothing of the
! slaughter that is going on inland, where,
'■ from the very fact that it is capable of be
j ing successfully screened from the outside
world, it must be 100 per cent worse than
about Havana and other frequented ports,
where the news of the butcheries is lia&le
■ to leak out."
Before the vessel upon which he sailed
left Havana Mr. Lawrence wrote a letter
to General Weyler. In the letter he stated
that before the vessel left there was time
to order the arrest of the writer, who in
vited it. Mr. Lawrence made, he says, a
proposition to General Weyler. It was
that if the latter would guarantee the
safety of his witnesses and an impartial
court of -inquiry he (Lawrence) would
guarantee to produce proof th it Weyler
was conducting the most brutal military
campaign the world had ever seen. He
received, he says, no answer to the letter.
Mr. Creelman said the United States
should demand some protection for
Americans and American interests in
Cuba.
"The Spanish have lost control of the
island," said he, "and those who upheld
the Spanish Government at first are now
helping the Cubans. The latter are now
resorting to the same cruel methods as the
subjects of Spain and the story of their
using explosive bullets is a pure fake,
although in some cases I believe they have
used what is known as 'express bullets.' "
Mr. Creelmau has in his possession
brass-covered bullets which the Spaniards
are said to be using. In passing through
the rifled barrel the brass or copper coat
ing is torn and the sharp edges mangle
the flesh and produce blood-poisoning.
The men said they were treated with
courtesy by the Spanish authorities, but
that was all.
WEYLER MAKES PROMISES.
Hut Those Convicted of JtebelUon Are
Tet Being Shot.
HAVANA. Cpba, May 15.-Captain-
General Weyler has issued a proclamation
ordering the farmers and peasantry during2
the next twenty days to transport to the
towns in their v cinity all of the corn and
other grain stored upon their farms. This
order applies to the provinces of Pinar del
Rio. Havana and Matanzas. The military
quartermasters are authorized by this
order to purchase the grain sent to the
towns by the farmers at the current price,
and if the giain is not required by the
Government it will be stored for the ac
count of its owners. After the period of
twenty days has elapsed, the proclamation
declares, any grain found upon farms in
the provinces mentioned will be regarded
as contraband of war and will be seized
and the owners thereof subjected to crimi
nal proceedings.
The rebel leader Manuel Romero was
shot this morning at Cienfuegos.
Manuel Martinez Ortega, conricted of
(he crime of rebellion, will be shot in the
Cabanas fortress to-morrow morning.
FAILED A SECOND TIME.
Munitions of War Sot Landed From the
Steamrr Bermuda .
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 15.—Cable
grams received here to-day from Honduras
show that the steamship Bermuda failed
the second time to land her cargo of mu
nitions of war in Cuba. It is reported that
fears of treachery induced General Vidal
and the ninety-seven men who were with
him aboard the Bermuda to leave the ves
bel when it returned to Truxillo the second
time. Captain Huehes, who commanded
several filibustering expeditions to Cuba,
sailed from New York for Honduras sev
eral days ago and it may be that he goes
to take command of the Bermuda. It is
further reported that the steamship Lau
rada is to land her careo on the shores of
the province of Santiago de Cuba and that
Captain-General Weyler knows of the
landing-place and lias made preparations
to capture the vessel. The Laurada is due
in Cuba Tuesday.
SPAIN MINLY A PROTEST.
Complaint! About the Cruises of fili-
bustering Steatners.
MADRID, Spain, May 15.— The Govern
ment has sent a communication totbe press
statins that on May 9 and 11 Senor Dv
l'uy de Lome, the Spanish Minister, pre
sented to the American Government
formal protests in the matter of the
alleged filibustering steamers Bermuda
and Laurada. Secretary of State Olney,
in reply, promised an inquiry would be
made in the matter, and if any of the
United States officials were found to be
culpable they would be recalled. The
note adds that when the Horsa case comes
before the Supreme Court Attorney-
General Harmon will personally report
the necessity for the interpretation of the
law in the matter.
JOINED BY THE SWELL SET.
Insurgent Ranlcs Increased by Jialtitnore
Society .Wen.
BALTIMORE, Md., May 15.— Society
and club circles are agitated to-night over
the report that two o; Baltimore's swell
Bet were passengers on the alleged fili- |
buster steamer Laurada, which sailed \
from New York last Saturday. Ad- i
ditionai interest is excited by the state- !
mem that another youth belonging in the \
top-notch circle went to Cuba a few weeks j
ago and has arranged to join the in- i
surgents along with the two Baltimoreans !
on board the Laurada.
Dr. Stewart McKira, a recent graduate
of the University of Virginia and a brother
of Mr. McKim, the well-known banker,
early espoused the cause of the insurgents
and recently went to Cuba, not, however,
declaring an intention to do more than
study the situation.
Ormonde Latrobe, a son of Stewart La
trobe and a nephew of ex-Major-General
Ferdinand C. Latrobe, and Stewart Jan
ney, who recently graduated from Johns
Hopkins University, are named as the
other recruits for the insurgents' ranks.
For some time, it is alleged, the young
men have been in communication with
well-known Cubans in Baltimore and else
where, and have been offered high posi
tions in the service. Mr. Latrohe, it is
Baid, is slated for a colonelcy. Mr. La
trobe's father declined to discuss the mat
ter beyond admitting that his son was out
of town.
SENDING MORE TROOPS.
Spain Hill IHxpatch Sixty Thousand Ad-
ditional Men to Cuba.
MADRID, Spain, May 15.— 1t is stated
to-day that the military expedition that
will be dispatched to Cuba in September
will probably number 60,000, instead of
iiO.ooo. first decided upon.
The Government has approved of a pro
posal to send a circular note to the powers
regarding Cuba and its relations with the
United States.
MAT TIE UP THE ROAD.
Engineers Demand That a Grievance Be
DENNISON, Tex., May 15. -Several
months ago an engineer named Lanaman
was discharged from the service of the
Missouii, Kansas and Texas Railroad for
an accident. A grievance committee of
the the Brotherhood of Locomotive En
gineers visited the officials of the company
at St. Louis, but they refused point blame
to reinstate Lanaman. The grievance
committee stated that unless Lanarnaa is
reinstated inside of five days, they will tie
up the Missouri, Kansas and Texas sys
tem. The ultimatum of the brotherhood
has been sent to the "Katy" headqua.-ters.
I»i J-'aror of Poivrtrrly.
PHILADELPHIA, Pa., May 15.-A ver
dict was rendered to-day in the Common
Picas Court against James R. Sovereign,
grand master workman, and the general
executive board of the Knights of Labor
for $4225 73 in favor of Terence V. Pow
derly, ex-master workman, who claimed
that amount for balance due him ior ser
vices as master workman of the order.
Tiie suit has been ponding since Sovereign
succeeded Powde-lv as hea I of the order.
NEW TO-PAT. . ;:
The added pleasure of
riding a Columbia Bicy-
cle is worth every dollar
of then oo a Columbia
costs/ & & & <& •$* *3*
Think well of this.
* t is a unanimous verdict.
STANDARD OF THE WORLD
Art Catalogue of Columbia and - Hartford
Bicycles is free if you call.
POPE MIIFAGTURISG (MPASY,
344 POST STREET. '
COLUMBIA CYCLERY,
} 970 PAG ST.. EAR STAN
DUPONT LOSES
THE CONTEST,
Not Entitled to a Seat in
the Senate From
Delaware.
POPULISTS AGAINST HIM
They Join the Democrats in the
Vote to Defeat the Re
publicans.
TARIFF REVISION DEMANDED.
Bacon of Georgia Argues for the
Repeal of the Power to
Issue BjDds.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.— The
claim of Henry A. Dupont for the vacant
seat in the Senate from the State of Dela
ware was decided adversely to him to-day
by a majority of one. The question nas
been debated at great length from time to
time and that debate was closed to-day at
sp. m. The result of all the legal and con
stitutional arguments for and against was
that the Republican Senators to a man
voted in favor of the claim; that the
Democrats voted just as unanimously
against it and that the I'opuiists allied
themselves solidly on the Democratic
side, making the vote on the amendment
which declared that Mr. Dupout was not
entitled to tho seat 31 to 30. A second
vote on the resolution thus resulted in ex
actly the same figures. There was no at
tempt on the part of the Republicans to
postpone the decisive i-sue.
The Cuban question was revived in the
Senate to-day in the offering of a resolu
tion by Senator Morgan of Alabama in re
lation to the American citizens captured
on board the Competitor and a speech on
the subject is to be made to-morrow by
Morgan.
The tariff and pubiic debt questions were
also brought up on the offering of a reso
lution by Gailinger of New Hampshire,
declaring a revision of the tariff law to be
imperatively demanded, and Gailinger
gave notice that be would address the
Senate on the subject before final adjourn
ment. A bill to prohibit the issuance of j
Government bonds without the authority
of Congress was made the basis of a long '
speech by Bacon of Georgia, in support of i
the bill. He advocated the immediate re- j
peal of the act of 1875 (the resumption \
act), under which the authority to issue
bonds is claimed by the President and 1
Secretary of the Treasury, and said that i
an adjournment of Congress without such
repeal would be an approval of past and
future bond issues under that act.
Routine proceedings began with the
conference report on the legislative, cxc- :
I cutive and judicial appropriation bill,
which was presented and read, and at the
; suggestion of Hill (D.j of New York, it
went over until to-morrow.
Morgan (D.) of Alabama offered a reso
lution which went over until to-morrow
instructing the Committee on Foreign
Relations to inquire as to the reports of
the United States under treaties with
Spain in respect to the treatment of
American citizens arrested in Cuba and
under sentence of death by the Spanish
military tribunals.
Gailinger (R.) of New Hampshire offered
a resolution which Wf-nt over declaring
that a revision of tariff laws is impera
tively demanded.
A resolution heretofore offered by
Aldriclr(R.) of Rhode Island for an in
quiry as to the effects of competition be
tween Oriental and American goods was
agreed to.
In pursuance of previous notice Bacon
(D.) of Georgia addressed the Senate in
favor of the bill to prohibit the issuance of
bonds or other injuring obligations of the
Government by tne Secretary of the
Treasury or other officers of the Govern
ment without the authority of Congress.
He arpuea that a delegation of the powers
of Congress over the finances of the
country was a violation of the letter and
spirit of the constitution.
Peffer (Pop.) of Kansas remarked that
whatever the responsibility of the Senate
might be in the matter the Populists had
no share in it, as he had called the atten
tion of the Senate to the subject two
years ago in a speech on the same lines
as that of the Senator from Georgia.
Bacon declared that if the day after the
Senate shall have adjourned and after the
Senators have hurried away to attend
political conventions, it was announced
that the executive department had, with
out a special authority from Congress,
determined to issue one, two or three hun
dred millions of bonds, there was no
power to say it nay, so long as the law
remained unrepealed.
"Let the record," Bacon said in conclu
sion, "show how Senators and Represent
atives, and how the political parties whom
they represent, etand upon this great
issue.
Butler (Pop.) of North Carolina com
mended Bacon's SDeech and called atten
tion to a bill which he (Butler) had intro
duced early in the session, prohibiting the
issue of bonds without the consent of i
Congress. He gave notice that he would '
on som? future daj»ask the Senate to take :
up that bill for consideration.
Hill objected to having the time farmsd
out in advance.
The Dupont election case from the State
of Delaware was taken up, and Platt (R.)
of Connecticut continued his argument
begun yesterday in support of Dupont's
right to the vacant seat.
Vilas (D.)of Wisconsin followed, speak
ing against the right of Dupont up to 5
p. m., when, uneer the unanimous consent
arrangement, the final vote was to be
taken.
The Vice-President stated the question
to be on the amendment by Turpin (D.) of
Indiana, declaring that Dupont is not en
titled to the seat. The vote was taken and
resulted: Ayes 31, noes 30, as follows:
Ayes— Allen, Baoon, Bate*, Berry, Blackburn,
Butler, Caffery, Chilton, Cockrell, Faulkner,
George. UibEon, Gorman, Gray, Harris, Hill)
Jones of Arkansas, Kyle, Linii-ey, Martin,
Mills, Mitchell of Wisconsin, Morgan, Pasco'
Peffer, Roach, Stewart, Turpie, Vilas, Walthall'
White— 3l.
Noes— Baker, Brown, Burrows, Cameron,
Cannon, Carter, Chandler, Clark, Cullom',
Daviß, Pubois, Elkins, Frye, Gallinger, Haw
ley, Mcßride, Mantle, Mitchell of Oregon, Per
kins, Pettigrew, Platt, Proctor, Quay, Sewell,
Sherman, Shoup, Teller, Warren, Wetmore,
Wilson— 3o.
The vote was then taken on the com
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
rait tee resolution as amended, and it was
agreed to by the same vote — 31 to 30 — thus
deciding the case definitely against Du
pont.
The conferente report on the bill to im
prove the merchant marine engineer serv
ice was presented and agreed to.
The District of Columbia appropriation
bill was taken up. The Senate then pro
ceeded to the consideration of executive
business, and at 5 p. m. adjourned.
HEARD I N THE HOUSE.
Private Pension Bills and an Explana
tion by Howard.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.— The
Houne spent the day in passing private
pension bills, favorably reported from the
committee of the whole during the past
week. Before the House took the usual
Friday recess at 5 o'clock 101 bilis had
been passed and thirty-four others had
been laid aside to await formal engross
ment before final action.
The contested election case of J. Hamp
ton Hoge vs. Peter J. Otey, from the Sixth
District of Virginia, was ended by the
adoption of the report of the Committee
on Elections No. 3, confirming Otey's
title to the seat.
Howard (Pop.) of Alabama made a de
nial of the stories printed two or three
months ago, charging him with being
drunk on the floor of the House, asserting
that he was sick and that since then he
had been near to death's door.
Howard resented what he declared to be
a cruel, baseless attack by the press of the
country. An article in the St. Louis Re
public, he said, was typical of the general
onslaught on him, and he read that. It
stated that Howard had come on to the
floor of the House in a state of intoxica
tion after a debauch of several days, his
appearance resembling that of a tramp.
He had gone to sleep, it said, on a lounge,
and had thence been removed by two col
ored porters of the House.
At 5 o'clock the House, according to the
rules, took a recess until 8 p. m.
The entire period devoted under the
rules to the night session was spent in a
fruitless effort to obtain a quorum. The
proceedings were characterized by Pugh
(R.) of Kentucky as those of "a kinder
garten in the National schoolhouse."
Toward the close of the evening Pickler
(R.) of South Dakota repeated a motion
just voted upon by the House. The
Speaker pro tern., Dalzell (R.) of Pennsyl
vania, evidently tired of the situation, de
clared the motion out of order.
Pickler — From that decision, Mr.
Speaker, I appeal.
Speaker pro tern, (sharply)— And the
chair declines to entertain the appeal.
At 10:30 the session expired by limita
tion and the House was declared to be
adjourned until Monday next.
BITTER WORDS SPOKEN,
Orators Say Harsh Things About
Catholics at a Mass-
Meeting.
James Waldrup Declares That the
Marquette Statue and Satolli
Must Go.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 10.-The
A. P. A. held a largely attended mass-
I meeting to-nigbt. The speakers described
; the objects of the association as being de
j cidedly adverse to the Catholic religioa in
politics. Judge Stone of Missouri pre
sided. The speakers were : E. H. Dunbar
of Boston, W. E. Shinn of New York, C.
C. Bradshaw of Montana, V. P. Jackson
j and Jafuea Waldrup, of California.
Mr. Waldrup, in his address, declared
I the Marqnette statue at the United States
' Capitol must go, and Cardinal Satolli
I must go; that no Italian would be recog
nized as s Catholic Embassador in this
country.
Thomas A. Hansen of Ohio said hereto
fore the Catholics had been the Goliath of
this country, but now they had met their
David in tLe A. P. A. Mr. Hansen is a
colored man.
Mrs. Carrie Fosdick of Michigan, the
National president of the Women's A. P.
A. of America, said every move of the day
had its woman's side. She spoke of the
woman's influence for the Catholic faith.
She said that the backbone of the A. P. A.
now is the woman's A. P. A.
Henry B. Ingram of New Yoric com
■ mented upon the appointment to-day of
1 the new Pension Commissioner, Dominic
: R. Murphy, in a rather sarcastic manner.
: Pubiie Printer Benedict came in for his
j share of sarcasm at the hands of Mr. In
-1 gram, who declared him to have been an
! obscure man in Ulster County, N. Y.
before his elevation. Fourteen hundred
out of 1600 of the employes of the Bureau
of Engraving and Printing were Catholics,
be said, but in the next administration
these figures would be reversed.
Major Holman of Massachusetts also
spoke.
ADMIRAL STEVENS DEAD.
Wat Aid to President Tyler, and Made
a Gallant Record.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.-Rear.
Admiral Thomas H. Btevens, U. 8. N.
(retired) died this morning at the resi
dence of his daughter, Mrs. Robert Brad
ley, at Rockville. He was born in Middle
town, Conn., In 1819, and entered the navy
as midshipman in 1836. He was aid to
President Tyler in 1842. Ten years later
he commanded the schooner Ewing in
surveys of the California and Oregon
coasts. He made a good record in the
Civil War. In 1879 he was in command of
the Pacific station and later was president
of the Board of Visitors of the Naval
Academy. . He retired in 1881 under the
62- year act. He has lor some months been
in feeble health.
Xotninnted by the President.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 15.— The
President to>day sent to the Senate the
following nominations: John Fowler of
Massachusetts, to be Consul of the United
States at Checfoo. China; Robert Lee
Jenkins of North Carolina, to be Consul of
the United States at Patros, Greece; Wil
liam Lochren of Minnesota, to be United
States District Judge for the District of
Minnesota, vice Renselaer R. Nelson,
resigned; Dominic R. Murphy of Pennsyl
vania, now first deputy Commissioner of
Pensions, to be Commissioner of Pensions,
vice W. A. Lochren, resigned; Napoleon
J. Dana of New Hampshire, to be first
deputy Commissioner of Pensions, vice
■Murphy.
Land Hills Favorably Reported,
WASHINGTON, O. C. May 15.— The
House Committee on Public Lands to-day
favorably reported bills authorising tue
appointment of a commission to examine
and classify certain lands in California
along the Central Pacific Railroad grant;
appropriating $12,000 for the payment for
certain improvements made in the Yellow
stone National Park, and to reimburse
purchasers and settlers on even-numbered
sections of public lands within limits of
Congressional grants in cases ol forfeiture
of odd-numbered grants.
WILL HEAR THE
FUNDING BILL
The Senate Sets a Day for
the Consideration of
the Measure.
KUNTINGTON YET TOILS
With Eoyd, His Man Friday, He
Hopes to Rush His Scheme
Along This Session.
BUT IT WILL NOT GO THROUGH
Determined Statesmen Are Ready to
Talk the Bill to Sleep at the
Proper Time.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.— The
steering committee of the Senate has
agreed to set a day for consideration of the
Pacific roads funding bill. The exact date
is not known, but it will be within ono
week.
Huntinstton, failing to have the bill
brought up in the House, concentrated bis
efforts on the Senate side, with the result
stated. He hopes to have tha bill passed
by th»» Senate this session, and then
through the House at the short session.
He realizes that it could hardly be consid
ered in both branches at the short session.
John Boyd stated to The Call corres
pondent to-ni^ht that they hoped to press
the bill through the Senate now, and
through the House next winter.
But the possibility of the bill passing
the upper House at this session is very
remote. A mere handful of Senators
could talk it to death, and there is no
doubt bat that a handful of them are
so disposed.
Morgan, although far from being a well
man, will try to make an exhaustive
speech on the subject, and so will Allen of
Nebraska, White of California and others.
The Call correspondent has wired re
peatedly that there is no chance for the
bill's passage at this session, and this pre
diction is reiterated.
The result of the Dupont Senatorial
election contest to-day has angered promi
nent Republican Senators, who are very
bitter against those Populists who voted
with the Democrats against seating
Dupont.
They declare unreservedly that Senators
Jones and Stewart of Nevada some time
ago bargained that, in return for their
votes for Dupont, the Republicans were to
support the Santa Monica deep-harbor
appropriation; but that Jones was so dis
appointed and angered because of Frye's
compromise amendment, he and Stewart
resolved to beat Dupont. Stewart voted
with the Democrats, and Jones was paired
with Wolcott (Republican), which was
equivalent to Ins votina against Dupont.
Jones and Stewart esper.-uly are held re
sponsible for the result to-day. The vote
stood 30 to 31, and if they had voted with
the Republicans Dupont would have been
seated.
SENATURN IN CAUCUS.
The Closing Programme J* A'ot Tet
Agreed Upon,
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 15.— The
Republicans of the Senate were in caucus
this morning for a little more than half an
hour, but adjourned without having taken
action of a positive character on any of
the matters that came before it. The
steering committee was instructed to ar
range an order of business and report to
another caucus to be held next weet.
Sherman precipitated a discussion of the
bill to repeal the free alcohol clause of the
Wilson bill, but the debate on that mess*
nre was confined to its parliamentary
status.
Platt of Connecticut was the particular
exponent of the antagonism to this repeal,
and he stated very frankly that if Sherman
persisted in his efforts to bring up the bill
he wouid embroil the Senate in a discus
sion of the whole tariff question and
effectually block any hope the people or
members of Congress mignt have of an
early adjournment.
Chandler concurred in this view, and
between them they warned Sherman that
under no circumstances could he secure
the Cnal passage of the repeal bill.
Although Sherman admitted nothing,
nor pledged hiruse'f to any plan of action,
the impression prevailed after the caucus
adjourned that he would not again try to
take the repeal bill up for consideration.
Bankruptcy, immigration, refunding of the
Pacific railroads debts and other matters
in which Senators are interested were not
even mentioned, but will probably come
up at the next caucus.
AS TO AMATEUR ATHLETES
The Pacific Athletic Associa
tion Sharply Scores the
A. A. A.
Members Who Have Committed
Breaches Through I?mrance Re
stored Wiih a Warning.
OAKLAND. Cal., May 15.— The annual
meeting of the Pacific Athletic Associa
tion was held in the Reliance Club build
ing to-night. The following delegates
were present: Acme Club, Baird, Dono
van, Tans; Ariel Club, Nolan. Pehder
gast, Hardy; Dolphin Club, Rothkopf,
Keenan, Patch; Oakland Athletic Club,
Van Avery, Fitzpatrick, Wixon; Olympic
Club, Elliott; Pioneer Club, Espey,
Callman, Klunder; Reliance Club,
Ames, Leonard. Berry; South End
Rowing Club. Barry, Humphrey, Linehan;
San Francisco Athletic Club, Coleman,
Tevenery; Stanford University, Brown,
Knowles; St. Mary's College, Solon,
Drady; U. G. Club, Brown, Koch, Miller;
Stockton Club, Parhe, Wright, Craig; Y.
M. C. A. of Oakland, Lynch, Williams,
West; Y. M. C. A. of San Francisco,
Ames. Everding; Academic League, Daw
son; Alameda Club, Sansome, Pembroke,
Cruger; Manhattan Club, Forbes, Muller,
Killeen. Fresno and Sacramento were not
represented.
After the seating of delegates, reports of
commutes were read and filed.
Bernard Miller of the U. C. made a
speech In which he denounced the habit
of academic schools forcing upon their
best men so many entries in contests, and
recommended that hereafter athletes be
longing to such schools be limited to two
entries. The recommendation was ap-
I'royed by the convention.
The committee selected to investigate
the Amateur Athletes' Association, re
ported it to be in a very unsatisfactory
condition. The contestants looked more
to the value of the prize than the honor.
Violations had been committed through
ignorance which really rendered members
professionals.
Amateur baseball was reported as being
almost unknown excepting by the Olym
pic baseball nine, which was found to
contain professionals, for some actually
accepted pay. The committee recom
mended that all violations be overlooked
and that all who had overstepped amateur
rules be declared amateurs, with untar
nished records.
., Tbe committee also recommended that
the following be declared professionals: J.
Cooney, J. Cosprave. H. Manahan, Gun
niel, Beckett and King of the Olympic
baseball nine, and Van Buskir*, J. A.
Gintey and J. Riley, of the Olympic Club.
The report concluded by asserting that
hereafter ignorance will be no excuse.
No investigation will be allowed on any
thing that occurred previous to this re
port.
It also recommended that the $30 30 re
ceived by the "Olympic baseball nine" be
donated to the "Little Jim hospital" fund;
that clubs shall be prohibited from giving
contests under the so-called "Olympic
club rule*," and under those of the Ama
teur Athletic Union. The importing of
atlnetes is condemned, and hereafter will
be punished as other violations.
A resolution, recommending to the
board of directors that they take steps to
make arrangements to have expensed in
curred by training and traveling of dele
gates paid, was referred by a unani
mous vote to the board of directors.
The election of officers for the coming
year followed.
W. F. Huniphr vs was elected president
by acclamation. The board of managers
was elected of one member from each club
as follows: Acme, Henry Tank ; Ariel, J.
J.Nolan; Fresno, J. P. Barnard; Oakland
Athletic Club, 0. Van Emery; Pioneer
Boating Club, W. C. Espey; Reliance. W.
H. iierry; South End, Linehan; San Fran
cisco Athletic Club, D. G. Coleman; Stan
ford, Dave Brown; St. Mary's, R. G.
Drady; University of California, F. W.
Koch; Stockton, Pache; Oakland Y. M.
C. A., A. E. Williams; San Francisco Y.
M. (J A., J. W. Amrs; Alameda Boat
Club, J. A. Sansome; Manhattan Club, J.
B. Ferris; Dolphin Boating Club, A. i\
Rothkopf.
COMPETITION FOR THE CUP.
Considerable Interest Aroused Over the
Story of Emperor William's Yacht
ing Programme.
LONDON, Eng., May 15.— Considerable
interest was created in yachting circles by
the statement published in a Glasgow
newspaper to the effect that Lord Lons
dale, who is a close friend of Emperor
William, had said his Majesty might chal
lenge for the America's cup in the eveut
of his new yacht, the Meteor, proving a
speedier boat than the Valkyrie 111. The
Evening Standard says Lord Lonsdale has
asked it to contradict the statement pur
porting to emanate from him. Lord Lons
dale, it is said, says he is convinced that it
is utterly improbable that Emperor Wil
liam will compete for the cup.
RACING ON THREE TRACKS.
Winner* of Events at th* Louisville,
Chicago and St. Louis Meetings.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 15.— T0-day's
results:
Six furlongs, Lucille H won, Motilla second,
Irish Lady third. Time, 1:15.
One mile, Lady Ine« won. Simon W second,
Idu Pickwick third. Time, 1:40*4, .
Four furlongs, Kosinante won, Lady Rover
second, Nellie Uiiker third. Time, :49."
Ono mile, Anna Lyle.won, Rasper second,
Lester third. Tune, 1:41^.
Six lurloiig.-, John Hay in won, Trilby sec
ond, Asaph third. Time, I :ls>^.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 15.— Summaries:
Six furlongs, Ardelle won, Aureola second,
Castalia third. Time, 1:20.
Six and a half furlongs, Frontier won, Jack
Martin second, Sycamore third. Time, 1 :'2t>}£.
Five furlongs, Typhoon won, Goshen secouu,
Forsythe third, 'lime, 1:05...
Six furlongs, Won't Dnuce won, Ursula
second, Sollie Clicquot third. Time, 1 :17}£.
Six furlongs. Tommy liutter won, Mercury
second. The Kitten third. Time, 1 US'*.
Five and a half furlongs. Maid of Honor won,
Nellie Smith second, Minnie Weldon third.
Time, 1:12.
CHICAGO, 111., May 15.— Summaries:
Five and a half furlongs, Untaa won, Pascola
second, Connemara third. Time, 1 :09.
Four furlongs. Yours Truly won, Ethel
Fnrrell second, Personne third. Time, ±ii))i.
Fiv ■ furlongs, Ardette won, Simmons second,
Excuse third. Time. i:o9|£.
.-mx iurlongs, Nikita won, Irene Woods
6t!cond, Dr. G third. Time, 1:14...
One mile, Evanatus won. Constant second,
John Hickey third. Time, I:4'2.>^.
Five and a half furlongs, Anua Mayes won
First beal second, Minerva -third. Time,
1 :07^.
ON THE BALL FIELD.
Chicago Hatted Me Un/1011 Hard and
l.aailii Won the Game.
CHICAGO, 111., May 15.— Chicago
batted McMahon hard all the way through
to-day and had no trouble in winning.
The features were Dahletvs batting and
the ceneral neldiug of the Colts. Score:
Chicaeos 108031 00 •— « 12 3
Bulilmores. 014000020-7 7 5
lit <rif-s— Friend and Klttredge; McMahon and
Robinson. Umpire- Keefe.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 15.—Cleve
land defeated New York to-day by hard
hitting. Wilson was a puzzle to Irwin's
men when hits were needed. The game
was full of good fielding plays by both
team?. Score:
Clpvelanrts 0 2 3 0 0 3 0 O 2— lo IV 3
New Yorks 01030 00 0 0-4 8 2
Batteries— Wilson nt:d Zimmer: Doheny, Cant
field and Farrell. Umpire— Lynch.
ST. LOUIS, Mo., May 15.— The best
game of the season hete resulted to-day
in victory for the Browns. But one hit
was made off Breitenstein up to the ninth
inning. Mercer's pitching was also tine,
and the game was sharp. Attendance,
1500. Score :
8U Loots 200010002-5 4 2
Washlneions 000000002-2 3 2
Batteries— Breitenstein and McKarland; Mercer
aud JlcGulre. Umpire— Kinslie.
LOUISVILLE, Ky.. May 15.-McGiH's
wildness and timely hitting by the Louis
ville* won the game for the Colonels.
Score :
Loulsvllleg... 0R020020*— 9 9 2
Philadelphia* 200 00 0 0 10-3 10 8
KaUerlr-s— smith and D xter; McGill, Boyle
and Cross. Umpire— Weidman.
PITTSBURG, Pa., May 15.— Boston won
from Pittsburg to-bay because they were
fortunate in their hitting and because
Pittsburg could not but Nichols at critical
stages. The latter was touched up in the
eighth inning, but that was the only time.
Score :
Plttsburgs 100100031-8 13 3
Bostons 112010120-8 12 0
Batteries— Hawley and Sugdtm; Mchola and
(ianzi'i. Umpire— Sheridan.
STANFORD'S NEW CAPTAIN.
Charle* L. Thompson to Command thy
Vnrnity liatebnll Team.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Cal., May
15.— Charles Lawrence Thompson '97 was
to-night elected captain of the Stanford
University baseball nine for next year.
Thompson played last year as a substi
tute and this season in the varsity right
field. He is a native <on, having been
born in t-anta Barbara twenty-one years
ago. He is a conscientious player and a
fair batter. His major study is economics.
High Score* Wrre Made.
MEMPHIS, Term., May 15.— T0-day was
the final day of the inanimate target shoot
ing of the Memphis Gun Club's tourna
ment. The weather was perfect and high
scores were made. To-morrow the live
bird handicap will conclude the shoot.
Director Elmer £. Shaner disqualified J.
P. Easton of Monroeville, O id, after the
first event on the charge of dropping for
third money, which Easton admitted. A
sensational score was made by J. A. K.
Elliott of Kansas City, who broke 162 out
of 165. Terry Woodward of Massachusetts
brolre 160 out of 163 Rolla Heikes of Day
ton, Ohio, scored 157 out of I(>s and F.
Parraiee of Omaha ltil out of lfr>.
Princeton Waa H-f.-ntr.-I.
PRINCETON, N. J., May 10.-Princeton
was defeated in the championship gun
shoot to-day by Harvard, after winning for
two consecutive years. Harvard's total
was 112 and Princeton's 96.
yightinoale Dropped Dead.
LOUISVILLE, Ky., May 15.— Hamlin's
Nightingale dropped deal at the course of
the Louisville Fair and Driving Associa
tion while being jocged this morning. Her
value was over $10,000.
CLEMENCY TO BE SOUGHT
Efforts Being Made to Secure
a Pardon for Captain
Howgate.
It Is Claimed That His Case Was Pest
poned Until He Was Not Pre
pared for Trial.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.-A Tribune
special from Washington says: It is un
derstood that efforts will be made to se
cure a pardon for Captain Henry How
gate, who id now serving a sentence in the
Albany penitentiary, having been con
victed of embezzlement while second in
command of the United States Weather
Bureau. The formal application for a
pardon will not be made to the President
until next spring.
One of the reasons urr;ed in behalf of
Captain Howgate is that while he used the
money of the United States improperly he
did not use it in his own behalf. He was
enthusiastic in the matter of Arctic ex
plorations and purchased and lined out
the steamer Gulnare with the funds of the
Weather Bureau ior that purpose. It is
said that he received no personal benefit
from the misuse of the funds.
Captain Howgate was better prepared
for trial in 1882 than he was last year. He
surrendered himself and was sent to the
United States jail, there being an under
standing between the United States Dis
trict Attorney and himself that he Bhould
have an immediate trial. It happened,
however, that the District Attorney waa so
much occupied at the time in preparing
for the trial of Guiteau for the murder of
President Garfield that the understanding
was not carried out, and Howgate subse
quently escaped from jail.
He roved about the country for some
time, but finally settled in New York
City, carrying on the business of dealing
in second-hand and rare books. He pur
sued this calling uninterruptedly for ten
years, when he was suddenly arrested and
brought here for trial an i convicted. In
the meantime nearly all the army and
other friends on whom he had relied to
escape imprisonment had died or passed
out of important offices.
Since his imprisonment in the Albany
penitentiary Captain Howpate has been
librarian of the prison. He is now an old
and broken man physically, and the few
friends who cling to him still think that
he has suffered enough. He has seven
years yet to serve. It is said that his
book business in New York has been con
ducted since his conviction by his daugh
ter, who gained many friends by the way
she clung to her father, notwithstanding
his wrongs to her mother, and those
friends, probably more than those of the
father, are most active in the movement
to secure a pardon.
I'or a Wedding Present.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.— A San
special from Washington says: The mem
bers of the Senate, without regard to party,
have subscribed a handsome sum for the
purchase of a wedding present for the
daughter of Vice - President Stevenson.
The list was circulated in the Senate
Chamber Wednesday and Thursday, and
the sum realized will be expended in a
handsome piece of silver appropriately in
scribed. While the list was in circulation
the Vice- President was absent from the
chamber, the deliberations of the body
being presided over by Senators Bacon of
Georgia and Carter of Montana.
Treasury Golil Reserve.
WASHINGTON, D. C May 15.— The
treasury lost to-day $1,123,000 in gold,
which leaves the reserve standing at $113,
-141,4G2.
NEW TO-DAY.
This is the way tb« wholesale c'otb-ctioppers
appeal to your "understanding."
200 pounders ! 300 pounders!
Aren't you born "free and
equal?" Must you pay that un-
just tax on your avoirdupois in
the form of tailors' sky-high
prices or cloth-choppers' worth-
less goods?
For whom are these fine
clothes for stout men — ready-to-
put-on? Perfect fit without ex-
tra charge.
Here's where we're strong.
Suits $7 50 and up; sacks,
frocks — all the styles.
Some "wonderfully wonder-
ful" bargains in Men's Suits and
Overcoats this week at $10.
Sizes, 34-44 ; Kearny-st. win-
dow.
Bike Suits, Sweaters, etc.
Samples ■ad catalogue for mail orders.
And be once more a man. If you hare
used too much food and have dyspepsia,
if you have used too much drink and suffer
from it, if you have erred in youth. If
you now suffer from prematureness. If
you leel irritable and lack ambition. If
you are weak and weary
QUIT
AND USE
HUDYAN.
Hudyan is the great remedy for man.
It gives tone to the entire system, builds
up the entire system, makes man a power-
ful fellow. Try yourself to be more manly,
and if you don't succeed Hudyan will
make you a man. It will help you to be
a man. It will restrain you from being
other than man. You can get Hudyan
only by applying in person or writing to
the old doctors of the Hudson . Medical
Institute.
: HUDYAN :
BOOK
FREE. :
TAINTED BLOOD,
Impure blood, awful scrofulous
blood and regular blood dis-
orders in the
FIRST,
SECONDARY
AND
TERTIARY
State means much for you if
you are not prompt. Be sure
you get the right treatment, be
sure you go to the right people.
BLOOD
BOOK
rnrr
_ FREE.
Hudson Medical Institute
Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.
* J TRADE I*
MB.
I MARK I
a JH
Is this on your shirt—
on the neckband If so, you're
safe— safe on the side of Home
Industry, safe in knowing
you've received full value for
your money.
Ask for
"STANDARD"
SHIRTS.
Neustadter Bros., 8. F., Mfr».
Jns_Watelies
n^!iiMtiiBinirifniii!i]finnxi[7!innnHutfwiituuHMniMnHiinn
B a' riARVELLOUS LINE,-a dozen I
til sizes— a hundred styles. Never before j
I A ' _ has such a chance been offered. Men's !
IJ^vjy watches. Boys watches. Misses' watches, j
11 Ladies' watches— at) the latest styles i
U and all fully warranted. For sale at I
l\ our new office. Mills Building, San Fran- 1
V. Cisco. / I
\^ jhe waterbury "I
. .1 Watch I
Bargains I - • . _. i
<%. r I Company. |
Week! \Z__ , )
PCilcheit<r'« En«Uih Diamond Brand.
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-<K*V OH«tnul sad Only Genuine . A
- y -,/TPkN •*«; r%lw»yt reliable. l»oic» iff\
&%P£E&mondßrtind la Ked anil '-old meuiiio\\JW
"by —^fliWbox«. I'tied with bio* ribbon. Take vy
•IM t-Jno other. dangtrmu <iiJi«.* V
I'/ -r* <>"" and imitations. At Druggiiu. «■ aend4eb.
I(» .JS Is cosp* far p*rtict»l*M. iMtiEMBUIi »nd
V «• n "Relief for Ladle*," ■■'<■ l-v.t'. ;,» return
_V ' fir HalL 10,000 TVMUnocimli. .Yarn* Paptr.
x — — refclctae'it«rOhea»le«lCo.,lU««on8 < umr«%
lolfl to »il Loc»l Druai»«. Philtjd^. Fa,
f3nJi/C vnil Bore Throat, Pimples, Copper-Si
LBiiAV& I UU Colored Spots, Aches, Old Boresjffl
HlUlccrs In 3!outß. Hair-Failing! Write ( OOKCg
nBCXEOT CO.. HOT JUanonic Temple
Sf'hlcago, HI., for proofs of cures. Cupl-Wl
HRtal, &500.000. Worst cades cured In 1&H
Sjio SM» day. 100-pac« book, free. fpfl
COSMOPOLiITAN,
Opposite U. S. Mint, 100 and 102 Find • at., san
>r»uclßCo, C«J — The most, select family hotel la
the city. Board and room, 91, #1 25 and $1 60 Per .
day according 1 3 room. Meals asc Booms, aOa
and 760 a day. Free coach to and from tne hotel.
. Look for the coaou bearing th* name of th* Co*.
mopolUan HoteL wg I'AHKY, fropneUM.
5? OPIUM
The pnry essential extract from the native dm«. Con-
tains all the valuable medicinal properties oT Opium
without <ts noxioun element*. No sickness cf stomach
no vomit jig ; no coatireneas jno headache. AUDragglsta?MOSCOW IS IN
HOLIDAY ATTIRE.
Scenes of Splendor Being
Arranged for the
Coronation.
MAGNIFICENCE IN ORDER
Through Beautifully Decorated
Streets the Czar and Czarina
Will Pass.
DOMES AND IMAGES REGILDED.
Most Gorgeous of All Will Be the
Display at the Iberian
Chapel.
MOSCOW, RrsfiA. May 15.— Moscow has
practically been hard at work all the
winter, but it cannot be said to be ready
to welcome the Czar wkh fitting cere
monies to his ancient capital. For weeks
the city has been in gala costume, but
much sti:l remains to be done owing to
tbe fact thitt heavy rains have retarded
the completion of the work.
The weather is cold and, despite the fact
that the sun is shining brightly, every
body is wrapped in winter clothing. To
day tbe domes in the Kremlin and the
images in the Iberian chapel were re
gilded and many other works of decora
tion were completed. Everything is re
splendent with light and color, and the
whole city presents an extremely gay
appearance.
Thousands of persons of all classes
flocked to the cathedrals to-day, their
object being to behold the magnificence of
the decorations of these places of worship,
especially the Cathedral of the Assump
tion, which has been beautified almost
beyond the power of description. In the
Kremlin and over the route which the
imperial procession will take next Thurs
day in making the triumphal entry into
Moscow a bewildering magnificence is be
ing made for the coronation of the Czar
and Czarina. Perhaps the most wonder
ful object is the Kremlin and the build
ines within. The battlemented wi!!?
within their entire circumference are out
lined with heavy iron gaspipes decorated
with thousands of burners which will be
used in the general illumination on the
two nights succeeding the coronation.
The Iran Tower, at the foot of which
the famous great bell, is outlined with
electric lights, carried e-n a delicate skele
ton of wood. The arsenal, treasury and
other buildings are treated in the same
manner and will, on ihe nights of tha il
"umination, afford a most dazzling spec
tacle.
The Kremlin wall, between the Nicholas
and Spasky gates, alongside of the Red
Square, opposite the vast modern bazaar,
is one continuous grand stand, while in
side the spasky the great bell square, ex
tending from the gate to the Archangel
Cathedral, is a large stand capable of hoid
me thousands of people.
This will be occupied by invited guests
on the day of the state entry and again on
the coronation day itself. All the Govern
ment buildings and hundreds of privaie
houses have been prepared for the illumi
nation by being covered with little fairy
lamps in various colors hung on woo ien
frames, forming various devices, often in
the shape of Slavonic letters forming the
initials of Nicholas and Alexander.
Srrioui Accident at a Dock.
LONDON, Eng., May 15.— A serious ac
cident took place to the new dock at Hull
this, morning, involving a loss of £100,000.
The dock was virtuaLy completed, and a
• aisson had been fixed at its entrance to
prevent water flowing in. The caisson
i apsized at high tide, and the water flow
ing in from the old dock, forced vessels in
tbe new dock adrift. The flow was so
strong that none of the vessels could be
controlled, and violent contact with one
another reduced them to wreckage.
The I.nmrnottve Engineers.
OTTAWA, Oxt., May 15.— The Inter
national Convention of the Brotherhood
of Locomotive Engineers spent all of to
day's session receiving credentials. The
committee to night reported 438 divisions
represented, after winch the convention
adjourned until to-morrow, when regular
business will commence.
Tke delegates were given a reception at
the Grand Opera-bouse to-night.
Suicide of a I'n.itor's Wife
OTTUMWA, lowa, May 15._ Mrs. Har
land Scott, wife of the pastor of the Chris
tian Church at Paris, Davis County, com
mitted suicide last ni^ht. Sh« took a
doube-barrellert shotgun and placing the
butt on the ground pulled the trigger. 11l
health was the cause. Mrs. Scott was a
daughter of D. T. Stark, a prominent
Ftockman of Moravia, and leaves a hus
band and six children.
Routed the Matabeles.
BULUWAYO, South Africa, May 15.—
A party under Captains Grey and Wrcy
attached and routed a body of Matabeles
near Theba, Indus, killing nearly eighty.
Passed th- .Sugar Kill.
BERLIN, Germany, May 15. — The
Reichstag to-day by a vote of 144 to 124
I Lipsed the export sugar bill on its third
reading.
( 11.i1. (,[ H)R lilt: CHILDREN.
Jtail roads Will Collect Half of the Reg
ular Rates.
CHICAGO, 111., May 15.— A ruling was
promulgated 10-day by the chairman of
the Western Passenger Association de
claring anainst the practice of charging
children woo form part of a party of ten
or more only at the reduced party rate.
In future they will have to be charged
one-half the full tariff. All the Western
lines are failing into line behind the Great
Western in regard to honoring second
class tickets in first-class sleepers. The
Kock Island and the St. Paul are the latest
to give such notice.
When the restoration of transconti
nental freight rates to the basis in effect
three years ago was indefinitely postponed
by the executive committee recently the
understanding among the officials was
that the advance would be made January
1, the Southern Pacific objecting because
it was not ready. The situation at pres
ent, however, is Mich that there is no pros
pect of California and other coast shippers
having to pay higher freight rates in the
nea^ future. .
Hehearinfi J* Denied.
WASHINGTON, D. C.. May 15.— The
Supreme Court of the United States has
itnied petitions for rehearing of the foJ
lowing cases: The United States vs. the
State of Texas, invoivine the jurisdiction
over and possession of what is knnvn bs
iTreer County, decided in favor of the
i Inii-d State«. Brown v«. Walker, habeas
corpus case, appealed from the Circuit
Court of ihe United States for ihe Western
I District of Pennsylvania, which affirmed
the validity of the interstate commerce
act securing immunity from punishment
to those who testify to violation- of the
law with which they have b'?en connected.
TO FACILITATE R h-OHG AS IZ AT IOH
The yor them Pacific Bill Before the
Judiciary Committee.
WASHINGTON. D. D., May 15.— The
House JtuLciary Committee to-day heard
General Britton in support of the resolu
tion introduced by Hartman of Montana,
to facilitate the reorganization of the
Northern Pacific Railroad Company; to
secure to actuai settlers the right to pur
chase at a price not exceeding $2 50 per
acre the agricultural lancis wituin its
and to prohibit tbe consolidation of
the road with any parallel or competing
railroad.
Dx)!ittleand Hyde of Washington, Taw
ney of Minnesota, Cook of Wisconsin and
Hartman of Montana, Representatives
through whose States the road runs, were
present and look part in the discussion of
the matter. All favored the resolution.
No conclusion was reached and a further
hearing will be given on Tuesday next.
NO NEED OF THE BILL.
A Supreme Court Decision Has Settled
One Interstate Law.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May 15.— The
House Commerce Committee reconsidered
and by a majority vote adopted a resolu
tion asking the House to return to the
committee a bill reported by it several
weeks ago repealing the penalty clause of
the interstate commerce law and substi
tuting a fine of $15,000 for each violation
thereof. It was contended that this pro
vision was not necessary in view of the
recent decision of Justice Brown, that per
sons engaged in violations of the law may
testify as to such violations without sub
jecting themselves to prosecution. The
adoption of the resolution recalling the
bill to the committee was strongly urged
by Hepburn of lowa, Patterson of Ten
nessee, Corliss of Michiean and Aldrich of
Illinois, and was adapted by a majority
of 1.
VOTING FOR NEW BISHOPS
Lively Struggle Before the Gen
eral Conterence of the
Methodists.
One of the Colored Candidates Receives
a Surprising Support and May
Be Eltcted.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, May 15.— Bishop !
Fitzgerald, president of the Epworth
League, presided at the session of tie
Methodist Conference to-.iay. Fraternal
greetings were ordered sent from tt.e Gen- j
eral Conference to the conference of the
Methodist Protestant church at Kansas
C:ty to-day. The special order of the day, '<
the election of Bishops, was then taken
up. On the first baiiot J. W. Hamilton j
received 107, Eari Cranston 115; necessary
to choice 348. The vote was received with i
great applause. Another ballot was taken ;
and J. B. Crow moved to adjourn to 3 p. m.
to receive the report of the tellers. In the
midst of much confusion Dr. Buckley inti
mated that the tellers couid not keep the
oallot to themselves, and moved to anr-nd
by making -':30 p. m. tue hour of meeting j
instead of 3 p m.
Dr. Leonard said it was disgraceful to
say that the tellers could not be trusted to
do their duty. The conference must place
confidence in them. It was decided that
the conference must place confidence m
them and that the conferen:e meet at 2:30
p. m. to receive the result of the last ballot.
An interesting thing in connection !
with the first ballot was the extraordinary ;
lead obtained by the colored candidate, i
Dr. Bowen. It is an undisputed fact that j
the reduction of the number of Bishops J
•o be elected, from three to two, was in- j
tended to shut out a colored candidate, but \
it seemed as though the conference had
awakened to the fact and was determined
to give the brainy African a fair field and
favor. The vote was certainly a surprise ;
to those who do not wish a colored Bishop, j
The second ballot swept Chaplain Me- \
Cabe to the head of the iield and added 23
to Dr. Bowen's figures, thus making the
probabilities appear to be McCabe and
Bowen. The votes were: C. C. McCabe
218, J. W. E. Bowen 175, Eari Cranston
164, J. W. Hamilton 145. H. A. Bultz 96,
T. B. Neely 45, J. S. Day 27, J, F. Goucher ■
26, C. W. Smith 24, S. F. Uphara 19.
There being no election a third ballot
was taken, and the tellers instructed to
report after the reading of the journal to
morrow morning. The conference then
adjourned.
OF INT EREST TO THE COAST.
Representativ* Bowers Said to Be Seri
ouily 111.
WASHINGTON. D. C, May
sentative Bowers Is seriously ill, and upon
his physician's advice will leave for San
Diego immediately with his family.
Senator White's family left yesterday
for l.os Angeles.
A postoffice was established at Rands
burg, Kern County, and Frederick M.
Mooers appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
Washington: Renewal and increase-
William D. Wampler, Lacenur.
California— Original: Charles W. Tur
ner, Stockton; Maurice McDonald, Vet
trans' Home, Napa; George McConneU,
Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles; Edward
Harris, San Francisco; George E. Morsran,
Santa Ana. Increase: Durbin L. Bray
um, Mendocino.
Oregon — Original: John C. Collins,
North Powder. Original widows, etc.,
supplemental: Minor of John M. Wiison,
Flora. Mexican War widow: Josephine
Grabenheim, Portland.
INTERSTATE TAXES CEASE.
An Obnoxious Custom in Mexico to Be
Discontinued.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.-
Thomas T. Criitenden United States Con
sul-General at the City of Mexico, reports
to the State Department that an amend
ment to the Mexican constitution has
been adopted prohibiting any inter
state tax on commerce. The law will take
effect July 1. Mr. Crittenden says this
tax has been in existence for many years
and has been a source of much embarrass
ment to internal and external trade. Its
repeal, he adds, meets with general ap
proval, although some of the States will
be compelled to seek other articles of tax
ation to replace the money heretofore ob
tained by this interstate tax.
It la Simply a transfer.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.— The
nomination of John Fowler of Massa
chusetts to be Consul of the United States
at Chefoo, China, apparently has nothing
to do witli the recent Ilusso-Enehsh trouble
growing out of the foreshore of that port.
The nomination sent to the Senate take*
effect July I, and is simply a transfer of
Mr. Fowier from Ninrpp, where tie has
bees for some time, to Chefoo.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
BUCKLEY'S COUP
IN LOS ANGELES,
He Meets Opposition, Now
That His Mission Is
Known.
FIGHTING FOR CONTROL.
Supporters of the Blind Boss
Declare Against Precinct
Primaries.
AIDED BY FEDERAL OFFICIALS.
Cleveland Appointees Seek to Have
Silver Ignored in the State
Platform.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— Thk
Call's announcement that Christopher
Buckley is making in this city one of those
combinations for which he is noted and
which have given him a record for "politi
cal sagacity 1 ' is confirmed by local Demo
crats. The blind boss is laying the wires
to offset by outside votes the streneth the
opposition to his rule has in San Fran
cisco. He is rigntine the battle of his
life.
Recognizing the fact that Los Angeles
County would cast a large vote in the
Democratic State Convention, he came
south just prior to the meeting of the
Democratic County Central Committee.
This committee was called to decide upon
the method by which delegates should be
elected to the County Convention, which
will elect deiegates-at-lar^e to Chicago.
Wheu Mr. Buckley dropped into the
city local Democrats sought the chief.
Thereafter the edict went forth that ward
primaries were to be held throughout the
city.
Against this serious objections have been
made. Judge A. M. Stephens, chairman
of the committee, has taken a pronounced
stand in favor of precinct primaries. There
are forty-eight precincts in the city, and
it will be a hard matter for any clique or
erew — Buckley or Federal officials — to
handle them, according to the statements
made by those who are not in the Buckley
combine.
Buckley is trying to make a combination
with the local Federal orti':ials, who are
appointees of President Cleveland, where
by the financial plank of the platform of
the coming State Convention would be in
volved to the extent that it would be made
non-committal as to silver. Working with
him are Martin C. Marsh, Thomas McCaf
fery, Thomas Rowan, W. H. Workman
and a few other Democrats.
The secretary of the committee, Adolph
Ramish, will to-morrow tender his resig
nation. He feels that he can no longer
ally himself with the men who are con
trolling the party in this section of the
State.
Mr. Buckley is endeavoring by those
artifices so well known to San Franciscans
to disguise the purpose of his visit, but he
will fail. The local Democracy, even in
its disorganized state, understands him.
"If he could not win in San Francisco,
he selected a most unfavorable field for
his operations when he came to Los An
geies," was the remark made by Judge
Stephens', chairman of the Democratic
County Committee, this evening.
IDAHO REPUBLICANS,
The Silver Faction Certain of Victory in
To-Day's Convention.
POCATELLO, Idaho, May 15.—Dele
gates to the Republican State Convention
are arriving from all directions. Twenty
five Republicans from Ada County arrived
this morning in a special car and are
working hard to secure Senator Shoup's
election as a National Convention dele
gate. A lively time to-morrow is expected.
It is rumored that Shoup'i followers will
bolt the convention. The friends of Sena
tor Dubois feel sure of his victory, which
will promote the interests of free silver.
VERY ELOQUENT TRIBUTE
Paid to the Missionary Marquette
in St. Ignatius College
Hall.
Immense Audience Enjoys a Literary
and 'Musical Entertain
ment.
Bt. Ignatius College ball was crowded j
; Uft night and that means that at least i
2000 persons were gathered under its roof
to enjoy the musical and literary enter- '
tainmeiit given by the gentlemen's modal
ity of St. Ignatius Church. The large
; aud.ence showed its appreciation of the
artistic rendering of vocal and instru
mental music, as well as its hearty ap
proval of the eloquent addresses delivered.
The proeramme opened with an over
; ture— "Zampa," by Herold, after which
. James K. Keliv, presidont of the sodal:ty,
made a brief introductory st>cech. Jle
said it gave him great pleasure on behalf
of the association to welcome the audi
i ence. The only object the council of the
sodality had in view in giving the enter
tainment was to furnish an opportunity to
i members of becoming better acquainted
with each other and of drawing closer the
bonds of unity and friendship existing
among them. And yet the council had a
higner motive in view, a more important
interest >o serve. Its principal object was
to attract to the sodality those gentlemen
who would not have been aware of its ex
• istence but for these entertainments. He
made an appeal for new members, whom
be assured of a sincere weicome.
"Among the many organizations estab
lished by the Catholic church for the co
operation of the laity in the great work of
Christian progress," he said, "none, per
haps, lias uisplayed more activity or
, attracted a larger number of Catholics to
membership than has the sodality of the
Blessed Virgin Mary. For, travel where
yon may, pass from continent to continent,
and wherever the sons of Bt. Ignatius have
found a foothold, there also you will find
a branch of this society; either under the
spiritual direction of some active, zealous
and energetic member of his order,
or of some pious priest, who is acquainted
witb^the priceless spiritual benefits that are
obtained by liiose who are enrolled in
this association. It is our extraordinary
privilege as members of this sodality to be
placed under the guidance of these incom
parable leaders, to have continually before
our eves their luminous example, to have
at afl times the advice of these learned
and experienced cuunselors."
The men's etioir sang "Aye Maria" so
well that the house applauded until an en
core was triven. Then a very attractive
number was presented— an instrumental
quintet. "Melody in F," by Rubinstein.
"Alice, Where Art Thou?" was sung by
David Manllovd. Dr. Joseph G. Morrisey,
G. Berber and G. V. Wood. Then Jonn J.
Barrett d-iivered an address on "Catholic
Missions." Speakin? of the Catholic
' ohnrch he ?aid: "Her ministrations have
: been as various as they have been constant.
She rivals in one field her achievements
in another. One line of her endeavors ap
peals with special force to our admiration —
her missionary labors. The benighted
heathen has been to her since she came
down from the upper chamber a; Jerusa
lem, commissioned and equipped, her
special ward. From the lips of her
generous rivals in the work come the
warmest words of praise. _ Protestants
have done much tuwarJ lilting the savage
out of the dark pit of l agani-m into the
warmth and light of the knowledge and
worsh'p of the one true God. They merit
inucn praise. But in the onbroKen con
tinuity of missionary toil in the Catholic
church, in the unquenchable zeal that
hurried her heroic servants to fill the gap
in the missionary ranks, opened and in
duced by the tomahawk and tiie stake, in
their scanty resources, and -uniform suc
ce3S is a record which no denomination ri
vals and which all admire."
Passing in review tne Catholic mission
ary work of centuries in Europe, India,
South America, etc., the speaker came
down to the present. H- gui ted as an illus
tration the illustrious leper priest of Molo
kai, rather Daraien, who, Robert Louis
Stevenson said, "shut to with his own
hands the doors of his own sepulcher."
The work and saenrice of the learned pre
late, Liivi|;erie, amont: the Africans was
mentioned in glowing words. He said
that the theater of the best missionary
exertions of the church was the territory
now covered by the United States. The
well-known history of Catholic missioa
: aries in America *ras told briefly, and he
j had this 10 say of Father Murquette:
"The founder of the missions among the
Illinois was Jame- Marquette. No mis
eion.iry equaled Murquette in influence
over the Indians. None had their love
and reverence as fully as he. The entire
tribe gathered on the beach at his de
parture and begc^d him to promise to re
turn. It was while searching for these
abandoned children of the wilderness
that Marquette discovered and explored
the Mississippi. ,
'•Monuments rescue and preserve only
names and deeds that might die. There
are name» and deeds in the annals of men
I that outlive j^ri^hable marble. Deeds
I that need monuments are not worthy of
i them. Nations that forget their heroes
i will breed few of them. As long as the
j genius of liberty lingers about our land so
• long can the memory of Marquette forego
a monument.
"Hostile forever to the poisonous roots
lof bigotry is the soil that holds the
, treasured du-t of James Marquette, the
1 good sweet angel of the Illinois. The only
, answer to his golden deeds from the land
he favored was a lonely grave beside the
j wailing waters o! Lake Michigan."'
HARRIS' FATAL WOUNDS,
A Mysterious Casualty at the
Rossmore House on Stock
ton Street.
Said to Hiva Fallen Down an
E evaior Shaft— Evidences of
Asp yxation.
Ben Harris, a messengei-boy who re
sides at Pacific and Leavenworth streets,
was taken from the Rossmore House, at
310 Stockton street, early this morning in a
very critical ccndltiou and under very
peculiar circumstances, that suggest to the
police foul play.
When the Receiving Hospital ambulance
reached the Rossruore House they found
Ben Harris lying unconsciously in a room
on the lower floor.
Two wel!-dre*sed men stood Dy and told
the policemen and surgeon that the boy
had fallen down the elevator shaft.
Harris' skull was found to be fractnred,
and there were evidences of asphyxiation,
but no evidences were found that would
indicate a fall down a four-story elevator
shaft.
The attending snreeon at the Receiving
Hospital thinks it is a case of foul play.
Ben Harris is employed by the district
messenger service and is about 22 years of
age.
He did not regain consciousness and as
there seems to have been no eye-witnesses
found the whole affair is quite mysterious.
SIGHTS AT THE CHUTES.
»w Attraction* There Bring Rapidly
FMarrd in Position.
The new scenic railway is getting along
rapidly at the chutes and it will be in run
ing order in a few weeks. The foundation
for the big pavilion is nearly completed
and by the Ist of July the big pleasure
ground will be in a very attractive condi
tion. A novel haunted swing is being
placed in position and will shortly be
ready to mistify riders.
The erounds wiil be re-opened to-day
and every chil d in attendance- will be pre
sented with a Japanese souvenir kite.
This evening the chutes and trolley will be
in operation and to-morrow afternoon
Emii Markeberg will mako one of nil sen
sational ascensions and parachute drops
with the new balloon "chutes." The
price of admission remains at 10 cents
with children at 5.
ARRIVAL OF THE SYDNEY
Panama Steamer in Quarantine
on Account of the Yellow
Fever.
General Barillas, ex-PresdeDt of
Guatemala, a Distingu.shed
Pissenger.
The steamer City of Sydney, from Pan
ama, arrived in port last night and is an
chored off Powell-street wharf.
The Quarantine Officer will not board
her until the morning and there is a likeli
hood of her being placed in quarantine on
account of the prevailing epidemic of yel
low fever and smallpox in and about Aca
pulco.
The Sydney carries 100 cabin and twenty
steerage passengers.
Among ti.e notablea aboard are General
M. L. Barillas, ex - president of Guate
mala, and his nephew, Jose Bariilas, who
are on their way to Europe.
A Call reporter, questioning the officers
of the vessel from a launch alongside last
night, was assured that there was no sick
ness aboard and that the condition of
health aoout Acapulco was not such as to
endanger the rhances of the vessel being
allowed to dock in the morning.
The officers stated that they viewed
with pleasure the ma-nificent* showing
made by the battleship Oregon in Santa
Barbara Channel, even if the warship did
Come uncomfortably close at one time.
MISS CHOY A
FRESNO CAPTIVE,
Big Jim Obtains Possession
of the Slant-Eyed
Maiden.
A ROMANCE IN CHINESE.
Detective Stilwell's Strategy
Outwits San Francisco
Mongols.
PROUDLY ESCORTS HIB PRIZE.
The Lemon-Colored Beauty Rescued
From a Husband She Does
Not Love.
FRESNO, Cal., May 15.— Tie Choy. a
Chinese maiden of 16 summers, was
brought to this city from San Francisco
this evening by Detective C. J. Stilwell
and placed in the custody of Deputy Con
s'able Crutcher, who has a warrant for
her arrest on a charge of grand larceny.
Two weeks ago Miss Choy ran away
from San Francisco with friends from
Fresno and came here, placing herself
under tbe care of Big Jim, one of the most
prominent merchants in Chinatown, tiat
Detective Cody of San Francisco descended
upon the Chinese quarter and, armed with
a warrant charging the slant-eyed damsel
with stealing a gold bracelet from an al
leged husband in the Bay City, searched
until be found the prize. He took her
back to the home which she had left.
Big Jim enlisted the services of Attorney
Mark Walser and Officer Crutcher, and
they went to San Francisco to make Big
Jim's right for the possession of the girl.
Big Jim went before a J ustice of the Peace
and swore to a complaint charging her
with grand larceny, in order that Crutcher
might bring her back to Fresno by process
of law. In San Francisco Walser succeeded
in having the case dismissed, but Cuoy
wan rearrested. Habeas corpus proceed
ings were instituted, and during the con
tinuance of these by the court Walser and
Crutcher came home.
Meantime the court took up the case
and ordered Miss Choy released. De
tective Stihv ell procured a telephonic
warrant from this city, and under its au
thority brought the Chinese girl back to
Fresno.
Miss Chov says that she was not treated
right at San Francisco. She prefers
Fresno society. The young lady is con
sidered very handsome by local Chinese,
and Big Jim is willing to do anything in
her behalf. The case is but another of the
numerous contests in which Fresno
Chinese have been interested for the pos
session of lemon-complexioned beauties.
SIGHTED NEAR COOKS ISLET.
The Alasfta Schooner Lincoln Believed to
Be Jce-Bound.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 15.— A resident
of this city is in receipt of a letter from
Alaska in which the writer says that pas
senders on other boats bound for that lo
cality saw what appeared to be the
schooner Lincoln, which with twenty-one
passengers and a crew of four was reported
lost, well jammed in the ice near the head
of Cooks Inlet. While these persons feel
certain the Lincoln was the vessel sighted,
j-et a suspicious circumstance is that the
schooner upon leaving here in December
cleared for Kodiak, but has never touched
at that point.
TULA RE DA MAGE SUIT.
Outgroteth of a Countermanded Order for
a Suit of Clothes.
TULARE, Cal., May 15.— C. W. Bowser
has brought suit against Dr. C. F. Lan>
for $lo,ouo damages. Bowser is soliciting
orders for a Chicago tailoring establish
ment. Lane ordered from him a suit of
clothes, advancing $5. Later he wished to
revoke the order and demanded that the
$5 be refunded. This Bowser refused to
do, as he had sent in the order and it was
too late to countermand it. Words and
blows followed. Lane had Bowser arrested
for assault, but a jury found him not
guilty. Now Bowser sues tne doctor for
$10,000.
Catches of Coast Semlerß.
I'ORT TOWNSEND, Wash., May 15.—
Inspection of the catch of the Indian
schooner Teazer to day completed the
spring worK of sealers off the coast. Some
very good catches were made, but with
few exceptions purchasers could not be
found at any price. United States In
spector Enos 8. Fowler furnished the fol
lowing authentic list: Enpinger, San
Francisco, 1811; Columbia, Neah 8ay, .44;
Bering Sea, 228; Jessie, 140; Teazer, 127;
Swan. 121 ; Deeahk", M; C. C. Perkins, 39;
Puritan, 24. The nrst-named is an Ameri
can yes.-el. All the remainder are schooners
owned, officered and manned by natives
from the United States Indian reservation
at Neat Bay.
.Nan fa Rosa Damage Suit.
SANTA ROSA. Cal., May 15.— Edward
M. Esmond has sued the Southern Pacific
Railroad Company for $10,000 damages.
Esmond attempted to drive across the rail
read track in front of a moving train last
October, with the usual result. He now
claims that no whissle was blown or bell
sounded to warn him of approaching dan
ger, and that lie was injured and rendered
insensible by the shock.
Miss Shaw at Holllster.
HOLLISTER, Cal.. May 15.-Wells' Pa
vilion could not hold the crowd that gath
ered to hear the Rev. Anna H. Shaw's
plea for equal suffrage this evening. The
fair campaigner was enthusiastically
greeted ana captivated her audience. The
question is new here, but ail signs point to
a majority in favor of the c eventh amend
ment at the election this fall.
San Lulu to Celebrate.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 15.—
Thi> city is making preparations for cele
brating on the Fourth of July in old-fash
ioned style. It is proposed to have a pa
rade and barbecue, followed by a ball in
the evening. A committee of rive has tb»
matter in hand and is nieetin g with suc
cess.
Los Anneles Appointments.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 15. — The
following were appointed to-day by the
Governor as trustees of the Los Angeles
State Normal School: Percy R. Wilson
vice A. S. Davidson, and J. Marion Brooks
vice John Manshf id.
Lorn Ouillteos Ranch Encumbered.
SANTA ROSA, Cal., May 15.— The Se
curity Savings Bank has commenced suit
against the I^aac de Turk estate to fore
close a mortgage for $25,000 ou the 1200
-acre vinpyard in this county known as the
Los Guillicos ranch.
FRESNO PRISONER'S PLEA.
Swindler Richie Asks for Mercy Because
He fs by Nature and Instinct
a Criminal.
FRESNO, Cal, May 15.-Robert E.
Richie was to-day sent to the penitentiary
at San Quentin for passing him*ell" as an
agent of the Arroonr Packing Company
ana thus obtaining ere iit.
Ricnie has had a remarkable record. He
entered State prison in 18.">4, and has
been there nearly all thetimesinee. When
a term expires he js out only a few weeks
before he gue* back. In Mis plea to the
court for mercy he stated that it was as
natural 'or him to do wrous as for other
men to do right. He said he could not
control this" "disposition, and bowed sub
missively to the judgment of the court,
but asked for mercy. "Judge Carter gave
him one year.
SALVATION FOR ALASKASNN
Cemmander Booth to bend Soldiers to the
>ltm>nj Ca'nps.
PORTLAND, Ok., May 14.-The Salva
tion Army people of the Northwest are to
push there work into Alaska. This was
decided upon by Commander and Consul
Booth-Tucker and Major Giffordjupon the
return of the party from the sound ports.
Within the next two steamer dates and as
soon as arrangements can be made and
money for expenses is put up it is proposed
to send a corps of lads and lassies to do
work in Alaska mining camps, barracks to
be established at Juneau.
LOS ANGELES REUNION,
Delegates to the Late Repub
lican Convention Hold a
Jollification.
Speakers Declare the South Has
Wrested Political Supremacy
Frrm San Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— A re
nnion of Los Angeles County delegates to
the late Republican State convention was
held in this city last night. W. E. Arthur,
the State convention chairman, acted as
chairman of the meeting. Mr. Arthur
made a felicitous speech in wh:ch he
touched upon the pretensions of certain
individuals in this end of the State as
originators of the McKinley boom in Cali
fornia, and qaoted from Emory A. Storrs
of Chicago, when he said :
"The man who arrogates to himself
such credit had better before he does it be
out in the open ocean in a boat of stone,
with iron oars and sails of lead, with the
wrath of God for his wind and hell his
nearest port."
Chairman Arthur called on Hervey
Lindley for a speech. The district dele
gate to St. Louis pointed out the advan
tages of concerted action and indicated
the sure way to success on the part of the
Southern delegation.
The speaker maintained that the united
front presented at Sacramento some ten
days ago for the time being, at least, trans
ferred the State Republican shrine to the
section south of the Tehachapi, and that
hereafter Los Angeles, and not San Fran
cisco, would be the Republican Mecca in
California.
Others who spoke were John C. Lynch,
lately nominated as the Republican candi
date for Lienten ant-Governor, Judge W.
A. Cheney, Frank P. Flint, Mayor Cox
and Senator Simpson of Pasadena, Waller
Trask and Colonel Glaze, Mayor Rader, H.
Z. Os orne. Walter F. Parker, John C
Cline, Judge Holton, R. F. Ling and J. H.
Kiefer. All of the speeches were of a
congratulatory and reminiscent order.
Several delegates remained over to-day
and visited friends in the city and at the
Jonathan Clud.
Call for Bond Money.
WASHINGTON, D. C, May 15.-Secre
tary Carlisle has made another call on t;.e
depository banks of New York to pay to
the treasury about $4,000,000, still held of
the recent bond money. This amount must
be paid June 1. This leaves of the money
deposited in banks on account of the bond
issue still $4,000,000, and this will be called
for June 15. This is the last payment due
on the bond issue, so that the whole trans
action between the bank* and the Secre
tary will be closed at that time.
THRICE
HAPPY
-MOTHERS-?
A smart boy, a smart suit and the suit at about /
half price is a combination to make a mother's /
{ happiness complete. /
\ • Any good clothier can furnish the suit — /
\ but who furnishes the half price? /
\ Mothers! The retailer, no matter how /
\ honest he is, must charge you a profit. /
\ Come here, buy as cheap as the re- /
\ tailer, save that profit, which is gen- /
\ erally, if not always, ONE- /
\ HALF the retail price. /
\ Boys' Long-Pants Suits, 12 /
\ to 18 years, $5 to $12. Chil- /
\ dren's Knee-Pants Suits, /
\ 4 to 14 years, $1.50 to / ..-..,
DnUWN BROS * co
Wholesale Manufacturers
Prop*. Oregon City Woolen Mills
Fine Clothing
For Man, Boy or Child
RETAILED
At Wholesale Prices
. tw, tt iiuicjaic riikca
121-123 SANSOME STREET,
Bet. Bush and Pine Sts.
. ALL BLUE SIGNS
THE OREGON STOPS
AT SANTA CRUZ.
A Magnificent Run Up the
Coast During a
Gale.
PROOF OF ITS POWER.
Not the Slightest Jar in the
Machinery While Rid
ing Swells.
CAPTAIN GOODALL DELIGHTED,
The Monster Battle-Ship Will Anchor
in San Francisco This
Afternoon.
SANTA CRUZ, Cal., May 15.— The Ore
gon steamed into the bay here this after
noon and cast anchor off the Sea Beach
Hotel, where it will remain % until to-mor
row morning at 4 o'clock. The battie-ship
is expected to reach San Francisco at 2
o'clock to-morrow afternoon, unless the
weather should be unfavorable, in which
case its speed will be held down, making a
two hours' longer run.
Mayor H. H. Clark, Lieutenant A. A.
Morey of the Naval Reserves, District At
torney Carl Lindsay and John R. Chace,
proprietor of the Sea Beach Hotel, went
aboard.
They were well received by Mr. Scott
and Captain Goodall, who said that
though the sea was rough and an extra
ordinarily heavy gale blew after passing
Point Conception, the new battle-ship did
its work with perfect smoothness from
Santa Barbara to Santa Cruz. "To the ear
of an expert," said Mr. Scott, "sound was
everything, and there was not the slight
est jar in tbe machinery, The ship was
held down to eight knots an hour on ac
count of the gale that was blowing."
Captain Goodall put in here chiefly to
allow his guests, Messis. B. Sampson, W.
W. Bush, J. E. Tucker, A. H. Scott Jr.
and A. H. Small, to attend to business
matters necessary to he done by wire and
to take the train to-morrow rr Drning that
they may arrive in San Francisco at noon.
The gentlemen are guests of John R.
Chace of the Sea Beach HoteL
Anchored at Santa Barbara.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 15.— The
McArthur and the Gedney are still lying
in the harbor, the latter expecting to re
ceive instructions which will cause it to
weigh anchor to-night or early in the morn
ing. The Gedney is taking on supplies
preparatory to running over to San Miguel
Island to mate a survey of Cuylers Harbor.
Tehnina County Claims.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 15.— At the
j meeting of the State Board of Examiners
i to-day it was agreed to allow Dr. Ruggles
j of the State Board of Health a stipend of
j $10 a day for his services iv investigating
j the affairs of the Orphans' Home in this
j city and of the Whittier Reform School.
Claims were presented from Tehama
County, under the act of the Legislature
providing for the support of orphans by
the State. They aggregate $4900 and date
from 1882. The act provides that the
county may Bue for back support. These
orphans are not inmates of any asylum,
but are "farmed out" by the Supervisors.
The board laid the claims over until a full
meeting is held. Governor Budd said the
county should be made to sue on the
claims.
First Apricots From Phoenix-
PHCENIX. Ariz., May 15.— The first car
of apricots of the season was loaded to-day
by the Arizona Improvement Company
from its orchard near Glendale and was
shipped to Chicago.
34
MEDDLESOME LOS
ANGELES SPIRITS.
Benjamin F. Sanders' Home
Wrecked hy Ghostly
Visitors.
BRING DOMESTIC STRIFE
Mrs. Sanders Heeds Their Words
and a Suit for Divorce
Results.
TRUSTED WITH GREAT SECRETS
The Husband Objects to Repeated
Assurances of Murderer Dur
rant's Innocence.
LOB ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— Some
breezy anil more or less sensational testi
mony was jriven to-day in the case of
Samlers vs. fcnnders, an action for divorce
in Judge Shavv's department of the Su
perior Court. Mrs. Sanders, who is tall
and slender, is plaintiff in this suit against
.Benjamin P. Banders, proprietor of the
Cclderwood roomina - house on South
Main street. S lie asks judgment on the
ground of cruelty and because of atten
tions alleged to have been paid to one of
the roomers, Mrs. Ella ilarie Sickler.
Mrs. Sanders' description of the conduct
on the part of herhusband was given in a
ruat;er-o!-fact way and she refreshed her
memory from a paper held in her hand.
Her husband listened to her testimony
t niiiirjriy. Tho case was partially tried
several weeks as;o, but was continued for
further testimony, and to-day a number
of witnesses were present.
The fair plaintiff has long been a seeker
after "snint development" and much of
her trouble with her husband grew out of
her visits to mediums, sittings and the
like.
She said on the witness stand that her
husband accused her of intimacy with
Ben Barney. Barney was a married man,
and sne went to his house for spiritual
uevelopment — never was In the house
when Barney's wife wasn't there. Her
husband told her al! that she went there
for was to be "pawed over" by Barney,
which hurt her feelings. After they sepa
rated he also unjustly accused her of in
timacy with C. J. Barclay. Such are the
ealient points of Mrs. Sanders' allegations
of cruelty against her husband.
According to the defendant his ears
were constantly regaled with what his
wife heard from time to time from various
mediums. The oddest incident told by
Mr. Sanders in his complaint is with ref
erence to Durrant, the San Francisco mur
derer. Before his trial Mrs. Sanders de
clared that the ?r irits had informed her of
Durrant's innocence, and that Miss Boalt
and Mr. Pierce, with her assistance, would
save him. In pursuance of their plans
Miss Boait and Pierce weut to San Fran
cisco, and she remained in Los Angeles,
tut kept her mind completely fixed on the
i-aving of Durrant, much to Mr. Sanders'
disgust.
CASE TRAXSF ERRED.
Suit of Baker rs. Mayo lo Be Tried in
Snn Francisco.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— The case
of William H. Baker vs. H. B. Mayo was
transferred to Han Francisco yssterday
by order of Judge Van Dyke. The plain
tiff is a nephew of the iate Colonel Robert
B. liaiter of this city and son of William
L. liaKer, brother of Robert.
He claims to be an heir to the estate of
Colonel Baker and to be entitled to one
thirty-sixth part of it, and that his share
is worth 138,000. He states that some time
ano he employed .Mayo, a lawyer of San
Francisco, to undertake to secure his in
terest in Hip pstate.
tie saya that Charles H. Forbes, admin-
Sstrator of tl.e estate, had claimed that
sonn- $60,000 worth of stock in the Califor
nia Oii Works and the Peru Oil Company
was the Beparata property of Mrs. Arcadia
Baker, and he had turned them over .to
the widow.
Plaintiff claimed that this stock should
have beer BChedcled with tbe assetsof the
t-^tate. Also, that there was about $1,000,
-000 worth of land which belonged to the
estate and which was held by Mrs. Baker
in trust. It w;-.s !o f-'ei. this property into
th< estate that plaintiff hired Mayo.
He was also to i.irealaw firm of Han
Francisco to help Mm through. This was
not done, so plaintiff says, and now Mayo
wants to cane 1 the jssignment he has of
the plaintiff's interests in the estate.
I' ERSECI'T l.li A WOMAX,
And Received n Thvanhinrj at the Hands
0/ Jl'-r Husband.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— Henry
T. Andrews was tried here this morning
for disturbing the peace at tMe corner of
Spring and First streets on April 16 be
lort> Police Judge Owens.
E. N. Brown, with whom Andrews had
the fight, failed to answer, and his bail
bond of $20 was declared forfeited. The
evidence showed that Brown had annoyed
Mrs. Andrews in various ways, writing
her letters in which he assailed" her credi
bility and integrity.
She showed the missives to her hus
band, who hunted up Brown to make him
apologize and when he refused to do so,
gave him a good trouncing. Mr. Andrews
submitted one of these letters to the
court and after reading it Judge Owens
considered the ends of justice reached
by the imposition of $1 fine, which was
promptly paid by defendant.
Andrews remarked as he left the court
room: "I would not begrudge $20 any
time for whipping such an unmitigated
cur as Brown. Judge Owens has done the
decent thing by me, and is a good feiiow."
JUDGE i.ATHAM'S DEATH.
The Lot Angeles County Bar Loses a
Jtistinfluislied Member.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— The Los
Angeles County bar lost an able and dis
tinguished member last night in the
death of Judge EL W. Latham at his home
in Pasadena. His death was a surprise to
his acquaintances, as he was supposed to
be in good health.
Judge Latham came to California nine
years ago for his health. By open-air ex
ercise he succeeded In regaining strength.
During the Santa Barbara .flower carnival
be exposed himself in the chilling winds
and caught coid. During the fiesta here
he labored hard as one of the flora! judges
and overworked so that i;e was tec weak
to fight against the old trouble.
' Chief Wilklna* Tisit.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— C. P.
Wilkins, assistant grand chief conductor
of the Order of Railroad Conductors of
America, is in this city. This is Mr. Wil
kins' first visit to Southern California.
He s-aid this morning that he is out here
on no particular mission. He was enter
tained tins afternoon by the local lodge of
railroad conductors. Mr. Wilkins says
t fiat the order is in a most flourishing con
dition. It now has a membership of about
23,000. The biennial convention will be
held in Los Angeles next year, commenc
ing on the second Tuesday of May. Mr.
"Wilkins left for San "Francisco this
evening.
Solicitor Hunsaker Resigns.
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May 15.— Hon.
William J. Hunsaker, who for several
years has been solicitor fcr the Santa Fe
Railroad, has resigned. Increased private
business and his recent appointment as
attorney for a Scotch mining syndicate in
Arizona caused his withdrawal.
Barker Goes Free.
LOS ANGELES, Cal.. May 15.— John A.
Barker, on trial for the killing of William
Hendell in a canyon near Pasadena, was
acquitted this morning. Hendell had
tampered with the affections of Barker's
wife.
SACRAMENTO'S SENSATION.
Mrs. Lee Testifies to the Contents of Letters
to and From Ex -Mayor
Gregory.
BACR4AIENTO, Cal., May 15. - Mrs.
Lee was on the stand all this morning in
the Gregory embezzlement case. Her tes
timony consisted of identifying letters
written by Gregory to her. The contents
of the letters related chiefly to social mat
ters, md while they did not contain warm
expressions of love, referred to Gregory as
"the manager." Several letters stated
that the money loaned to Gregory Brothers
had been used to good advantage, and that
tne firm could use more, as it is found that
hard times had affected its business very
materially.
Mrs. Lee testified that Gregory called
on her at Red Bluff and told her be loved
her, she responding that she had not
thought much on the subject. Mr. Bruner
asked the witness if she had preserved
copies of letters written to Gregory. She
answered that she had copied most of
them. Bruner then moved that her testi
mony relative to her letters be stricken
out, as the copies were the best evidence
as to what the letters contained. The wit
ness qualified her statement by sayine she
had made copies, but had destroyed them.
It is understood the defense will intro
duce all of the letters written by Mrs. Lee,
for the purpose of showing that the loans
were made voluntarily, and with the
knowledge of Gregory Brothers' financial
standing.
♦
ROMANCE OF SAN LUIS.
District Attorney Palmer Appointed Guar
dian of a Girl in Order That She
Might Become a Wife.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Cal., May 15.— 8.
Erdmann and Miss Mamie Haskins, both
of Paso Robles, called on County Clerk
Whicher this morning to procure a mar
riage license, but Clerk Whicher dis
covered that the would-be bride was a
minor, although the groom was oi age.
They were informed that the youne lady
would have to procure the written consent
of her parents. She stated that she was
an orphan.
They then went before Superior Judge
Greeg and applied for a guardian for the
minor, and on the testimony the Judge
appointed Charles A. Palmer," Deputy Dis
trict Attorney. Then they secured a
license with Palmer's consent and stepped
into the large vault in the clerk's office,
where they were married by Justice of the
Peace Joyce.
The affair created a stir at the couit
house, and the young couple returned
home to receive the foregiveness of Mrs.
Erdmann's relatives.
RELIEF HILL MYSTERY.
James Corns Shot and Badly
Wounded by a Mining
Partner.
Strange Tale Told in Justification by
the Man Who Fired Upon
Him.
NEVADA CITY, Cal., May 15.— James
' Corns was shot and perhaps fatally
: wounded yesterday afternoon near Relief
Hill by Tim Fitzgerald of Moore's Flat.
The men had irone to look at a mine of
; which both are part owners. When about
; to return to Corns' cabin Fitzgerald took
' his companion's shotgun and went across
j the country while Corns took another
« route. Fitzgerald claims that as he nearcd
the cabin a masked man appeared, und
| with a pistoi in his hand ordered him to
| give up the shotgun. Fitzgerald responded
: by tiring at the masked individual, snoot
ing him In the left side and through the
Jeit arm. The man fell. I'pon an exam
i ination Fitzgerald found that he had shot
j Corns.
The story told by Fitzgerald, who went
j to North Bioomfield for a doctor and to
J give himself up to the officers, is not be
j lieved, the general opinion being that
: both men had been drinking and that dur
j ing a row that ensued the shooting took
place.
♦
BIG GAME NEAR POMONA.
Hunting Parties Camping on the Trail
of a Huge Grizzly Brar.
POMONA, Cal., May 15.— While pros
pecting on Wednesday for water in Cattle
Canyon, a retreat in the Sierra Madre
I Mountains only a few miles north of Po
! mona, H. N. Pierce, with several com
' panions, came upon fresh tracks of a big
; bear. Not being experienced in hunting
! that species of animal the men went to a
: cabin several miles away, where lived an
old bear hunter, who had trapped and
killed black and grizzly bears in the
Rocky Mountains thirty years ago. The
old trapper went back with them. As
soon as he saw the tracks he' said they
were those of a grizzly, and a big one, too,
for they measured 7 by 10>2 inches.
The party tracked the bear up the
j canyon some distance, till the trail was
lost in the mountains. There were tracks
also of a mountain lion, which had fol
lowed the trail or the bear.
Mr. Pierce and his companions hastened
I back to Pomona and equipped tnemselves
i with arms and provisions and started off
yesterday morning to join the old hunter
and scour the mountains in quest of his
bearship, whose hide they are determined
to bring back. Other parties are getting
ready to join in the hunt, for it is not,
often that sportsmen have the pleasure of
hunting grizzlies In this vicinity. While
it is well known to old hunters that on
i the Sierra Madre are many black and
grizzly bears, that in former years used to
come down into the vaileys, not in years
has a grizzly been seen within forty miles
of Pomona.
>
KERN COUNTY INDICTMENTS.
Two Alleged Offenders Bound Over for
Trial.
BAKERSFIELD, Cal., May 15.-Three
indictments were handed in by the Grand
Jury this afternoon. Two are against
"Jack" Douglass, who hart a road contract
under a bond issue of $250,000 two years
ago. He is charged with defrauding the
county to the extent of $2000. Douglass
gave bail.
The other indictment is against Lyons
Brown for the murder of Veterinary Sur
geon Lemke a couple of weeks ago. Brown
has entirely recovered from his wounds
and is ready to stand trial.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
BEEDLEY TO GET
THE VALLEY ROAD,
Expected to Cross the Kings
River Early in
July.
WILL ENTER THE TOWN
Tapping the Largest Wheat-
Shipping Point in the
Entire State.
ENGINEERS ARE NOW AT WORK
One of the Richest Districts of Fresno
County Almost Killed by the
Octopus.
REEDLEY, Cal., May 14.— At this time
Reedley, which has heretofore made no
pretensions toward commercial greatness,
is enjoying the incipient stages of what
promises to become a genuine healthy
business boom. The Valley road is com
ing to Reedley— that's the secret of it.
The new road will run through the center
Scene on the Kings River— Engineering Corps of the Valley Road Making Borings
to Determine the Nature of Soils Through Which the Bridge Piles Must lie
Driven.
[Drawn from a photograph taken expressly for "The Call."]
of the town almost, or* at least within a
couple of blocks from tne main business
street.
By July 1 it is expected that Kings Kiver
will be crossed. Then the San Francisco
and San Joaquin Valley Railroad will be
within half a mile of Reed ley. In much
less than a year, it is thought, Reedlev
will have become one of the most import
ant railroad centers of the valley. Already it
is the largest wheat-Bhipping point in the
valley, but the policy of the Southern Pa
cific, which runs a branch line through
this country from ReedJey to Porterville,
has been to kill Reedley from a commer
cial standpoint. And the Southern Pacific
has succeeded fairly well in this. The
handsome brick hotel constructed here in
tne old boom days when the Porterville
branch road was being built, has been
vacant for years. It costs $4 a ton to ship
wheat from Reedley to San Francisco, or
two bits a ton more than the wheat can be
sent to Stockton, tnere loaded on barges
and shipped the rest of the distance by
water.
Last week a man shipped eight-dozen
live chickens from Reedley to San Fran
cisco—and paid $9 for the privilege of
sending them in a Southern Pacific car.
Reedley is only twenty-four miles from
Fresno, yet the round-trip passenger rate
in $2 50— more than five cents a mile.
Reedley is cursed tjy the Southern Pacific
— that's the truth of it. It is cheaper for
two men to hire a livery rig and go from
Reedley to Fresno and return, or vice
versa, than it is to ride on the Porterville
branch of the Southern Pacific. The rail
road never takes more than it can get, but
it generally gets very nearly full the value
ofevery pound of freight it permits to
travel over its road.
But Reedley is now escaping from the
heavy hand of the octopus. George F.
Wakefield and party, of the engineering
corps of the Valley road, have been quar
tered here several days now, and their
presence in town has given Heed ley its
renewed hope. They have their derricks
on the Kincs River, half a mile north of
town, and are making an extensive series
of borings in the bed of the river. When
their work is completed the pile-drivers
will commence theira. There will be an
other railroad bridge across Kings River
in a few weeks, and then the wheat
ranchers and fruit-growers and cattlemen
in this section of the valley will be able
to move their product with some sort of
profit to themselves. Heretofore, no mat
ter how rich the harvest, all the work was
for the railroad. Tnis year is going to be
a very good one in this part of the valley.
There will be at least one-third of a wheat
crop, if not more. There will be a big
crop of hay and much fruit that escaped
the frosts.
Keedley is only ten miles from the foot
hills, which are lined with the nnest and
most productive farms in this part of the
country.
The nearest town is Dinuba, six miles
distant by rail; Banger is ten miles from
Reedley, Orosi twelve miles, Kingsburg
eleven miles, Selma eleven miles and Tra
ver eleven miles. Reedley is thus the only
center of an immensely rich and product
ive section of the San Joaquin Valley, and
needs only the benign influence of rail
road transportation at living rates to make
it spring iato prominence as one of the
leading valley cities.
In spite even of the curse of the South
ern Pacific Reedley has in some ways
prospered. While the big brick hotel has
been idle, the handsome brick 6chool
building has not been closed for a lack of
scholars, and there is to-day a comfortable
and well-appointed frame hotel, presided
over by Robert Simpson, that is famous in
this section for its hospitalities. Mr.
Simpson is a genial host and one of the
best known and best liked men in this
part of the valley.
Reedley is unique as being probably the
only town in California that can Doast of
50 per cent more churches than saloons.
There are several large and well-equipped
ranches on the outskirts of the town,
noticeably that of T. L. Reed, which is
quite extensive and improved and equipped
to an exceptional degree. William Heine
is one of the largest and best-known
ranchers in this part of Fresno County.
His land lies over toward the foothills,
and is very productive. The Wylick
brothers, Samuel L. Reed, J. R. Reed,
Christ Kaufman and the Henry brothers
are all extensive ranchers in this neighbor
hood and very well-known men in the
county.
Reedley boasts a bright and ably edited
newspaper, the editor and proprietor of
which is W. W. Holland. The Reedley
Exponent has grown with the town and
will continue to grow as the town is now
sure to grow.
Among the principal merchants and
business men of Reedley are: H. F.
Winnes, ones of the oldest residents and
largest dealers in general merchandise;
Frank Norton, the blacksmith and wheel
wright, known well for many miles
around; J. B. Moomo, the Reedley agent
for The Call, who has also a fine stock of
jewelry, is the proprietor of the lending
cyclery at Reedley and deals in general
merchandise; Gosliner Bros., extensive
general merchandise-dealers; Barnes &
Thomas, the well-known candy-dealers
and tobacconists; John Deason, the popu
lar retail wine and liquor merchant; W.
W. Greene, the druegist and successful
miner; W. P. Houseley, proprietor of the
most extensive and well equipped livery
stable in the entire region; Dr. Day, the
resident physician of Reedley, who has
little enough to do in such a genial cli
mate and is yet a favorite in the town; M.
Enos, blacksmith and wheelwright and—
but, of course, there must be a limit to all
things, and there are the big wheat mer
chants and warehousemen of this great
wheat-shipping point to speak of — or else
I Reedley's chief industry must go unno
j ticed.
These warehousemen are: O.M.Judy,
' who is superintendent of the McNear
1 warehouse; J. S. Jones, who runs Epin*er
1 & Co.'s warehouse. Siley it Taggart have
i a well-stocked meat market at Reedley.
' S. F. Earle, the real-estate broker, is also
j manager for the Carmelita Company's
fruit and stock ranch.
Of course the particular pride of Reed
, ley, as being the living witness of what
i this soil and climate can be made to do
when improved and utilized to the very
highest point, is the square-mile tract
operated by the California Land, Fruit
and Wine Company. This is commonly
j known as the "syndicate." Peaches,
I olives, oranges, lemons, grapes, apricots
'■ and prunes are raised here to the very best
! advantage. The product of the "Syndi
! cate" Las a wide reputation for quality.
Solomon Sweet is the president of the
j company.
Immediately surrounding the town of
i Reedley are any number of small vine
; yards and orchards, the owners of which,
I now that the Valley read is coming to
I Reedley, will soGn be reaping the full re
j ward of the thrift and enterprise they
have bestowed upon their holdings.
If the Valley road reaches Reedley in
time to move this year's wheat crop, corner
1 lots in the town will be high-priced and
scarce. And there Is every probabiiity
i that the Valley road will get here in full
time to move the crop. Reedley is the
coming town.
WOES OF A FLORIN MAN.
I Deserted by Wife and Children While Con
fined to His Bed With a Broken
Limb.
FLORIN, Cal.. May 15.— W. A. Was
son, a strawberry-grower of this place, fell
I from his wagon near the Connty Hospital
Wednesday evening, breaking his leg near
the ankle. He was returning from Sacra
mento, where he had disposed of a load of
strawberries, and the horses<aking fright
at some object made a sudden lurch,
throwing him from the vehicle. He was
taken to the County Hospital, where the
I fractured limb was set, and he was made
as comfortable as possible; but at his re
quest he was taken from the hospital to
his farm, a distanco of nearly five miles.
Then it was that Wasson discovered that
I his troubles had ouly commenced. His
leg was broken, it was true; but on his ar
rival at home he was confronted by the
painful fact that something far dearer to
him was also broken — his home.
It appears that Wasson and his wife
j have not lived happily together of late.
Wasson, it is said, was at one time a hard
drinker, but of late he has been unusually
steady, his domestic life apparently happy,
and he was believed to be on the high road
to prosperity.
Neighbors informed the hospital atten
dants that Mrs. Wasson had left the ranch
early in the day, taking her three children
and vowing she would never return.
Wasson, who at the time was lying
helpless in the bed of the wagon and suffer
ing excruciating pain, was almost heart
broken when this announcement was made
to him. He could not account for bis
wife's actions, and made every effort to In
duce her to return. She was informed of
the unfortunate plight of her husband,
but all entreaties and arguments were
In vain. The unfortunate man was re
turned to the hospital, bis ranch left in
the bands of strangers and bis wife stead
fastly refuses him comfort or assistance in
hia hour of misfortune.
Supplies for the Bering Sea Fleet.
SEATTLE, Wash., May 15.— The United
States steamer Grant, the last o! the Ber
ing Sea fiect to leave this port, will start
Monday with six months' supplies via
Sitka. Third Lieutenants H. G. Hamlet,
m 7>L panmen, R. M. Sturdevant and B.
M. Chiswell, who have just returned from
the West Indies on the schoolship Chase,
go up as passengers for distribution of the
supplies among the vessels of the fleet.
Laptain J. W. Keene eoes up as pilot for
the inland work of the fleet.
THE SAN JOSE
CONVENTION.
Christians Plan Conquests
for the Cause of
Christ.
APPEAL FOR OFFERINGS
President Kellogg Urges the
Need of Funds for Mis
sion Work.
A SESSION OF THE JUNIORS.
State Superintendent Bslle P. Nason
Reports the Progress of This
Body.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 15.— The sessions
of the State Convention of the Christian
Endeavor Societies tnis morning opened
with the rally song, "Christ and Victory."
This was followed by a talk by Rev. E. S.
Chapman of Oakland on '"How to Study
the Bible." A large number of delegates
were in attendance, and at the meetings
both the Presbyterian and Methodist
churches were crowded. President Giles
Kellogg read the following report:
This last year i. as been somewhat of a drouth.
We have had some hesitancy in calling for
money. We feel very much in need of it. Dear
friends, from one church there was an offering
made that properly belonged to Armenia and
we cannot accept Die money. We should go
further down into our pockets. We find that
the State committee has no right to accept
money, though coming from California, that
should go to mission fields in foreign lands, and
in the work of commercial travelers and sea
men we must be careful. The Baptist members
neea all the money they can get to forward to
their foreign missions; the Presbyterians, Con
gregationalists and other boards "likewise. We
do not want to infringe upon their prerogative ;
yet we do say that there is a necessity for
means.
Shall the work of our God go backward? We
want the Holy Ghost as a power in our lives.
We cannot say what the work will be in the
future. The president who takes charge of the
work tor the year should be a man more able
than I, and one who has more time to devote
to the work.
I do not ask for co-operation of allthe unions
Jn this important work. In order to rirepare
for the 30,000 Christian Endeavorers that we
expect Ht the National convention next year,
there will be a need of co-operation. You will !
need a president who can give time outside
the regu'ar working hours in order that we
may be able to do more effective work. Many
arecoming from the East and West, most of
them to reside permanently in our midst.
What will Le done to affect the future? The
new officers for the coming year will need
pledges in their benalf. Dear friends, the ex
penses that you hear urged are necessary ex
penses only. It is never to meet salaries. How
much we owe them to the officers, who give
not to us, but for the Lord 1 I make this ex
planation and you will see how much deep
gratitutae is due, and we want that the work
may go torward. We wnnt to work faithfully
for him to bring to bring into his kingdom
those in foreign and home lands. As we think
of the work in the future we hope to be in the
ranks and uphold the hands of the executive
committee as they have held up ours.
State Secretary Leonard Merrill's report
showed that the Presbyterians led in point
of members, having nearly 7000. The
Con^regationalists were second. During
the past year the Presbyterians had given
some $12,000 for all purposes.
State Treasurer P. C. Macfarlane's re
port was presented by E. C. GilDert, show
ing $1145 receipts, $900 disbursed. $165 on
hand. Reports were made on tho com
mercial travelers by W. G. Alexander and
on missionary work by Miss M. L. Berry.
The report of the superintendent of float
ing Christian Endeavor societies was pre
sented by P. B. Goss of tne warship
Thetis. The work of these societies is
among the sailors, six of whom are present
as delegates from the Thetis.
The first annual convention of the
superintendents of tbe Junior Christian
Endeavor societies in the First Presby
terian Church this morning was attended
by about fifty enthusiastic workers. Miss
Belle P. Nason of San Diego, the State
superintendent of juninr work, read an in
teresting report covering this ever-extend
ing movement and urging upon the older
Eiuleavorers the necessity of encouraging
and sustaining this work.
The great carnival pavilion on the Ala
meda was packed at the session of the
Christian Endeavor convention this
evening.
Rev. Alexander Patterson of Chicago
delivered an address upon "Influence of
the Holy Spirit" and Rev. William Rader
of San Francisco spoke upon "Good Citi
zenship."
TOUCHED A LITE WIRE.
A Telephone Lineman Falls Front a
Height of Twenty Feet.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 15.-Edward
Saltzman, a Sunset Telephone Company
lineman, came in contact with a live wire
while ape-ending a telephone pole at the
corner of First and San Fernando streets
this morning and fell to the rround, a dis
tance of about twenty feet. Saltzman,
who weighs over 200 pounds, struck on his
forehead, cutting a deep gash over two
inches iong. Both kneecaps were also
broken and ne was <;iven a severe shaking
np. He was picked up unconscious and
removed to the Receiving Hospital and
subsequently taken to the Sanitarium.
He bled internally for some time, but his
injuries are not considered dangerous.
The injured man has followed the work
of a lineman for years, but had only yes
terday started to work for the Sunset
Company.
Saltzman received the shock by taking
hold of a Rtnall wire that had been used
for suspending Japanese lanterns during
carnival week. The wire was lying across
four guard wires suspended above the
First-street trolley, from where the cur
rent came.
ROBBED HE HIS GUESTS.
Two loung Men Repay a Rancher's
Hospitality by Theft.
BAN JOSE, Cal., May 15.— H. Basse,
who resides in the San Antonio Valley,
back of Mount Hamilton, to-day reported
at the Sheriff's office the loss of a Win
chester ritle and a shotgun, and swore to
a complaint charging two unknown young
men with grand larceny.
Basse says that on Wednesday evening
about 9 o'clock two flashily dressed young
men came to his house and asked for per
mission to stay over night. They said
they had lost their way. He readily con
sented. In the morning he went to his
work and left the youne men at the house.
When be returned at noon they had de
parted with his rifle and shotgun.
Burglars Work in Daylight.
SAN JOSE, Cal., May 15.— The resi
dence of J. R. Bartroff at 190 South Sev
enth street was looted by burglars yester
day forenoon. Mrs. Bartroff heard a noise
in the front of the house, and going into
a bedroom surprised a man who was ran
sacKing a bureau. The man escaped
tnrough a window. A pocket kodak, an
amethyst gold ring, a chased gold ring,
other pieces of jewelry and four Columbian
half dollars were taken.
Drummer* Samples Stolen.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 1.5-A
daring burglary was attempted yesterday in
broad daylight, acouple of recKless thieves
undertaking to possess themselves of
gome drummers' samples at the Raffour
House. One gained entrance to the house
and passed the cases through the window
to his confederate outside. The man on
the inside was captured, but the police are
looking after his accomplice, who suc
ceeded in eluding them.
MARSH ALLS FLAT CASUALTY.
Mrs. William Joyce Accidentally Shot by
Her Husband's Stepfathtr.
SONORA, Cal., May 15.— What will in
all probability prove to be a fatal accident
occurred at Marshalls Flat, southeast of
here, Wednesday mopning. Mrs. William
Joyce and her husband, who owns a mine
in that vicinity, were sitting talking out
side of their home on the porch, when sud
denly Mrs. Joyce jumped up, exclaiming,
"I am shot."
'•You are mistaken," her husband re
plied, but seeing the blood a few minutes
later gushing out of his wife's breast, he at
once carried Her into the house and tele
phoned to this city for Dr. Bromley and
Father Guerin.
The parties mentioned set out without
delay and arrived at Marshalls Flat after a
hard drive of twenty-five miles over the
roughest kind of road, having covered the
distance in three hours and a half.
The doctor found on examination of the
injured woman that she had received a
shot in the back, near the shoulder-blade,
the bullet passing through her body and
scattering two ribs. The pleural cavity of
the riiiht lunjj was found to have been badly
lacerated, and Mrs. Joyce owes the only
possible chance for her life to her ability
to discharge the blood that flows from the
wound outwardly instead of inwardly, as
it is feared will prove to be the case.
Ttie story as to how the shooting, which
was purely accidental occurred, is as fol
lows : A man named Henry Sylvester, step
father of Mrs. Joyce's husband, was en
gaged in cleanine a 44-caliber rifle inside
tbe house, and not knowing that it was
loaded, accidentally discharged it. The
bullet passed through an inch partition,
through an adjoining room and through a
door leading outside, passed through Mrs.
Joyce's body, struck a post and fell to the
ground.
A SANTA BARBARA PEST,
Raspberry and Strawberry Beds
Ravaged by Flocks of
Tanagers.
Beautiful Louisiana Songsters Migrate
to California for the First
Tim-.
SANTA BARBARA, Cal., May 15.-
During the past few weeks much comment
has been made upon the advent in Santa
Barbara»in extraordinary numbers of the
beautiful and brilliant Louisiana tana^er,
a bird of brilliant plumage often con
founded with the oriole. The tanager has
hitherto been a rare visitor to this locality,
and there has been great rejoicing over
this spring's unusual migration.
This rejoicing bids fair to be turned to
lament. The dainty little visitor, so
warmly welcomed, is working havoc
with tne pmall fruit crops. The most ex
tensive raspberry-grower in this locality,
Frank Brink, reports that out of the first
crop on two acres he is doubtful whether
he can save naif. A strawberry bed on his
ranch has been similarly ravaged. From
other farms along the Goleta road come
the same discouraging reports, the birds
having appeared in flocks of thousands,
ravaging all the fruit in their course. The
tanager is usually regarded as an insec
tiverous bird, and it is hoped that it will
turn its attention to Its proper diet, for
those who have most sorely suffered
through its visitations are loth to see it
destroyed or ariven away.
ON A. SOTHEON JAUNT.
jJohn^ P. Spreckrla and S. M. Short ridge
Guenta of' the Jonathan CluG]
LOS ANGELES, Cal., May lo.— Hons.
John D. bpreckels and Samuel M. Short
ridge arrived here from San Francisco tuis
morning on their way to San Diego, where
Mr. Spreckels owns large property inter
ests, including the famous Coronado Hotel,
the belt railway and other street railways.
They left on the afternoon train for their
southern destination. While here they
were the guests of the popular Jonathan
Club. During their stay of a few hours
they were called upon by bcveral promi
nent friends and political acquaintances,
conspicuous among the number being \V.
E. Arthur of Pasadena, chairman of the
late Republican State Convention.
Mr. Shortridj:e was seen for a few mo
ments by a Call correspondent at the noon
hour. The distinguished lawyer and poli
tician said that he was always delightc!
to have an opportunity to visit Southern
California; that there was absolutely no
eel a joyousness, a great
gladness in every bone, muscle and fibre of
your body. How? By cleansing the blood,
the stomach, liver, kidneys and bowels.
You can do tnis with the best herb remedy
manufactured. It is Joy's Vegetable Sar-
saparilla. When you swallow Joy's you
find it palatable; when it does its work
you find it pleasant, agreeable. You will
be cured of habitual constipation and in
fact any bowel disorder if you use Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla moderately.
TESTIMONIAL..
x THE EDWIN W. JOY CO.-Gentlemen:
I tried to get another bottle of Joy's Veg-
etable Sarsaparilla and the clerk in the
drugstore brought something just as good.
I did not want something just as good, but
I wanted Joy's Vegetable Sarsaparilla, be-
cause I know what it did for me last spring.
I was aufrerinff from nasty sick headaches
and dyspepsia; my blood was bad. After
I took the great "Homo Remedy," Joy's
Vegetable Sarsaparilla, I could eat, sleep
and do my work as good as I ever could.
MRS. C. D. STUART,
1221 Mission street.
nil re ITCHING piles
rlLto BWAYNE '*
ABSOLOTHLY CURDS. Ulll I MEN I •
STMPTOMS-MoUtarat inlonee Itching sad
, • tlnglnc; mint at night; worse by (Catching. IT
allowed I" continue tumors form and protrude,
which often bla«4 an.l uio«r»t«s becoming: very
•ore. SWATHE'S OINTMENT »top» the itching
•no bleeding, heala ulceration, and In uoattaac*
remove* the tamer*. *j<jouiU2ugEUi tor it.
political significance connected with the
journey of Mr. Spreckels and himself at
this time.
He was accompanying Mr. Fpreckels,
whose attorney he is, and they were on
their way to be present at a directors'
meeting of the varied interests of Mr.
Spreckels at San Diego, where they would
remain for a couple of days, after which
they would make arrangements for their
trip East to attend the National Republi
can Convention ai St. Louis. Mr.
Spreckels is a delegate at larpe and Mr.
Shortridge a delegate from the Fourth
Congressional District in San Francisco.
Death by Fire at Fhanix.
PHOSXIX, Ariz., May 15.— Miss Cath
erine Agnes Lacy, asjed o*> years, was
horribly burned this morning at 4 o'clock
and died two hours later. She lived alone.
Somehow her clothing caught fire and she
was lying insensible on the tloor when dis
covered. The door was covered with blood
where she nad vainly attempted to open
it. She was a sister 'of ex-Councilman
Lacy, who died suddenly a few months
ago.
NEW TO-DAT.
DOCTOR SWEANY
fpHAT THIS NOTED SPECIALIST
-*- stand pre-eminently at the head of the
medical profession Is no longer a question
of doubt. That he has investigated far-
ther into the mysteries of life, and pene-
trated deeper the secrets of disease, than
his quite worthy, but less successful asso-
ciates, is now acknowledged by all. His
experience is life-long, and his record right
here in San Francisco, at 737 Market street,
is simply a series of professional triumphs.
There are thousands upon thousands in
this land t6-day who are praising his name,
because he has made their lives happy and
brought sunshine into their homes. The
following are among the diseases he cures:
L'lh\TW Inflammation of, Bright's disease,
IvllMli in diabetes, congestion of the kidneys,
urxmia, gravel, stone.
DI mnri) Inflammation, cystitus, cyster-
DLrIUULIi rhea, catarrh of the bladder.
VVD All cases of acute or chronic inflamma-
Eil tion, far or near sightedness, dimness of
vision, scrofulous eye, closing of the cyeduct,
squinting, cross-eyed, wild hairs, syphilitic sore
eyes, granulated lids, tumor, cancer of tho lids,
etc. ;,:\j. .;,;
rip Deafness from catarrh, singing or roar-
L.lll ing noises, thickened drum, inflamma-
tion of external ear, purulent discharging from
ear, etc. :• :_;.;;-'.
lIP IT! Neuralgia, sick, nervous or congestive
lI LAV headache, dull, full feeling, loss of
I memory, dizziness, softening of the brain,
' tumors and eczema of the scalp.
; TIIDAIT Catarrhal sore throat, acute and
Mlllv.ll chronic pharyngitis, enlarged ton-
! sil!" and palate, hoarseness, loss of voice, thick
; phlegm in throat, causing hawking.
I I[\ T f< Consumption in the first and second
■ LI IU stages, hemorrhages and chronic bron-
! chitis, dry and loose coughs, pains in chest,
difficulty In breathing, hepatlzations, asthma,
etc.
lIP 1 DOT Valvular diseases, weak and fatty
IcLilll heart, dropsy and rheumatism of
heart, languid circulation, etc. "
SkTAMlfll Catarrh, ulceration and acid dys-
- 01 UJltlvll pepsia. Indigestion, pain and full-
ness after eating, heartburn, waterbrash and
I difficulty in swallowing.
!!\TR VDirrV All diseases of the liver,
LULU, 01 LLL.9 spleen, bowels, all nervous
and reflex disorders, rheumatism an 1 all skin
diseases, eczema, salt rheum, ringworm, hip-
| joint disease, old sores, fever sores, stiff joint,
j hare lip, spinal irritation, nervous prostration.
I>|ipTl[j>P Piles, fistula, varicocele, hydro-
IILI lLllij cele, ami all swelling and ten-
I derness quickly cured without pain or deten-
j tion from business.
Yftl'\r WVX If you are troubled with
IvUlllf JlL.l, night emissions, exhausting
drains, pimples, bashfulnens, aversion to soci-
ety, stupidness, despondency, loss of energy,
ambition and self-eon tide nee, which de-
prive you of your manhood and absolutely un-
fit you for study, business or marriage— if you
are thus afflicted you know the cause. Get well
and be a man.
MIDDLE-AGED AM OLD Jir.i, thousands
of you troubled with weak, achine backs and
kidneys; frequent, painful urination and sedi-
ment in urine; impotency or weakness of
: sexual organs, and oilier unmistakable signs
of nervous debility nmd premature decay.
Many die of this difficulty, ignorant of the
cause, which is the second stage of seminal
weakness. The most obstinate cases of this
character treated with unfailing success. .
PKIVITP diseases— Gleet. Gonorrhea, In-
I ill Iftl Li flammations, Discharges, Stric-
tures. Weakness of Organs, Syphilis, Hydrocele,
Varicocele and kindred troubles, quickly cured
without pain and detention from business.
RlAiill \\l\ <k'IV leases, Sores, Spots.
DLUi'lf AAV Milt Pimples. Scrofula,
Syphilitic Taints, Tumors, Tetter, Eczema and
other impurities of the blood thoroughly erad-
icated, leaving the system in a strong, pure
and healthful state.
nKFJWOV Urt\iF\ If you are suffering
UliiL.iiHj-iVr IflfJlri.l fromanvof the dis-
eases peculiar to your sex, such a3 falling or dis-
placement of the womb, leucorrhea, suppressed
or painful menstruation, inflammation or
ulceration, bloating, headaches, spinal weak-
ness or any disease of the geni to-urinary or-
gans, call or write to him, aDd ne will tell you
just what can be done for you.
FREE TREATMENT i fo n r Sr e soTa^rce c £
Friday afternoons.
WliiTF your troubles if living away from
II 111 Hi the city. Thousands cured at homa
by correspondence, and medicines sent secure
from observation. . A book of important infor-
mation sent free to those describing their trou-
bles.
OFFICE HOURS: 9 till 12 a. K. and 2 till
5 and 7 till 8 p. M.' Sundays, 10 till 13 only.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Opposite Examiner Pmce. __^
HE EMPIRE,
FIRE-PROOF, *
Grand Boulevard and 63d St. West,
NEW YORK.
100 single rooms. 100 rooms, with laths,
200 suites. 2 to 7 rooms each, with private baths*
• 10 minutes from business and theatrical centres.
Overlooking Central Park and tho Hudson Eivcr*
AMERICAN AND EUROPEAN PLANS.
A cuisine and service unequalled anyuhere in
■ America.
Passengers crossing the Jersey ferries take either
6th or 9th aye. " L v to 66th St., or Broadway cable
care to hotel. Boulevard care passing Grand Cen-
tral Station reach hotel In 10 minutes. European
plan. $1 up. American plan, $3 up. Most com-
pletely equipped and most liberally managed hotel
In New York W. JOHNSON tffJJSSt, MgT. .
WM. KOSL&, Propr. •
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RB-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD * CO.
European plan. Rooms 50c to SI 60 per day, »i
to *8 per week, $8 to $30 per montti: free b»thi:
not and cold water every room; lire grate* la
i «very room; elevator runa all night.HOMEOPATHS END
THEIR MEETING,
Talked of Insanity Mani
fest in Abnormal
Desires.
LOCAL CASES ARE CITED.
Delegates Are Appointed to Sev
eral Eastern Conven
tions.
TOBACCO IS UNDER THE BAN.
Committees on Next Year's Pro
gramme and on the Place
of Meeting.
' Afte 1 three longand interesting sessions
yesterday the California State Homeo
pathic Medical Society concluded its
twentieth annual meeting and ended the
celebration of tne one hundredth anniver
sary of the establishment of the principles
of homeopathy by Dr. Hahnemann.
In all respects it was one ol the most
successful, as it was the largest, of the con
ventions the homeopaths of this State have
held. When tbe annual meeting opened
the society had a membership of 99; when
it closed at the end of the third day there
were 122 physicians in California enrolled
as members. And the efficiency and good
of such a society is supposed to be propor
tional to the number of persons actively
interested in its work.
Mental and nervous diseases formed a
subject that occupied the entire morning
session.
Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Diego, as chair
man of this branch of discussion, opened
the subject.
Dr. A. Stanley Do'an of San Bernardino,
the first assistant physician of the South
ern California State Asylum for Insane
and Inebriates, took up the subject as *'A
Dr. ratherine V. C. Scott, Who Took
Part in the Centennial Ceebration
of the lonnding of Homeopathy and
Uho Kead a Paper Entitled "Loyalty
to Homeopathic Principles."
fact< r in the causation of disease of the
- system."
Dr. Geofge H. Martin of San Francisco,
taking np another branch of the same sub
ject, treated "Its perversions as found
amoiij the criminal classes and its specific
relation to insanity and crime." This
paper was a startling resume of ;he char
acteristics of abnormally depraved human
ity.
As a preface to his subject he said :
One factor above all others in the human
organism impels to crime, and that is the sex
ual instinct; and crimes resulting from its
perversion are amon? the most terrible in the
history of crime. It is in the causes of these
perversions that the physician should be es
pecially interested, for it is often in his power
to recognize the incipient conditions -within
the individual which may lead to crime. And
strain, if crime has been committed it is for the
physician to determine whether the individual
was responsible or not for his wrongdoing.
All men and all women are born with strong
animal Instincts, the greatest two of which are
self-preservation and sexuftlitv. If the child
be guided right to manhood or womanhood,
nothing so conduces to Its highest happiness
as the latter instinct, for it is the foundation
of all love, sentiment and truth. By its proper
conservation higher, nobler feelings are awak
ened, which, notwithstanding their sensual
origin, expand into a world of beauty, sublim
ity and morality. It is the most powerful
factor in individual and social existence — the
strongest incentive to the foundation of a
Dr. E. R. Bryant, Who Read Two Papers
Before the Society and Who ilas
Been Appointed Chairman of the
Bureau of Surgery.
home and the awakening of altruistic feelings.
Its perversion, on the other hand, hurls the
individual to the lowest depths of misery and
human degradation.
During his paper, and while citing ex
amples of the different forms of such per
version, he had this to say in connection
with recent crimes in this City :
The two women of the town who were mur
dered here in the City recently were un
doubtedly the victims of & "strangler."
Themurdmr of Blanche Lamont was also a
"strangler" and undoubtedly enjoyed In
tense gratification while chokiue "her to
death. Tfiat the person who killed Blanche
Lamont also murdered Minnie Williams 1 be
lieve to be r fact for this reason, that the^e
criminals after having once given way to lust
murder experience an intense ' desire;
that they can receive the cr<-a-ost gratifi
cation only by murder and mutilation.
And al/ these departures from normal
instinct Dr. Martin considers indications
of insanity. The person who practice*
them, he believes, is suffering from a pe
culiar lorm of n.ental dlsca.-e and shouid,
when finally apprehended in the com mis
sion of a crime resulting from them, be
treated in an asylum, but never allowed to
f-erve a sentence in prigon and then go
forth again to endanger society.
When the subject was thrown open for
general discussion Dr. Arndt's and Dr.
Martin's idea? called forth many expres- 1
sions of individual commendation.
The afternoon session begau at 2 o'clock
and continued until after 6.
Three new members were voted into the
society. They were Dr. Sophie B. Kobicko
of San Francisco, Dr. M. M. Cronemiller
of Sacramento and Dr. A. S. Larkey of
Oakland.
President-elect Dr. Herbert M. Bi9hop
of Los Angeles announced several appoint
ments in prcperation for the next annual
meeting. A committee of arraneemeiits
consisting of Dr. S. S. Salisbury of Los
Angeles Dr. H. R. Arndt of San Diego, Dr.
M. B. Campbell of San Bernardino, Dr. E.
C. Buell of Los Angelesl and Dr. E. C.
Manning of Los Angele? will decide upon
the place where the next meeting will be
veld.
Dr. C. L. Tisdale of Alameda, Dr. Wil
liam Boericke of San Francisco and Dr.
George H. Martin of San Francisco are to
decide the question of transportation to
mat convention, and upon the rates they
may secure will depend largely the city
selected.
The following comprise the legislative
committee: Dr. George H. Martin. Dr. H.
R. Arndt, Dr. C. L. Tisdale. D-. C. B. Cur
rier of San Francisco and Dr. Wiliiam
Simpson of San Jose.
Chairmen were also named to take
charge of the different bureaus of discus
sion at the next annual meeting. The
complete list is as follows:
clinical medicine and electricity. Dr. H. E.
Ledyard of San Francisco; o^tetrics, Dr.
Suran J. Fenton of Oakland; gynaecology, Dr.
Ida V. Stambach of Santa Barbara; paediatrics.
Dr. George E. Martin of San Francisco; mental
and nervous diseases, Dr. M. B. Campbell of
San Bernardino; hygiene and sanitary science,
Dr. buy E. Manning of San Francisco;
ophthalmology, otoioey and laryngology, Dr.
Dr. A. C. Peterson, Who Recommends
Warm, Soft Seawatcr Baths as a
Treatment for Inflammation of the
Nose in Children.
i A. C. Peterson of San Francisco; materia
medica and provlnga, Dr. E. R. Arndt of San
Diego; anatomy, phy-iolo^y and pathology,
Dr. James T. Martin of Woodland; medical
education, statistics and necrology, Dr. C. G.
J Tisdale of San Francisco; »urgery, Dr. E. R.
Bryant of San Francisco.
He also appointed as delegates to the
World's Congress of Medico-Climatalogy
; to be held at Now Orleans this summer:
I Dr. C. B. Currier, Dr. William lioericke,
Dr. E. C. Buell, Dr. M. B. Campbell, Dr.
I William Simpson, Dr. H. R. Arndt, Dr. J.
T. Martin, Dr. J. M. Selfridge; and as
delegates to the next interstate meeting:
Dr C. B. Currier and Dr.Wiiliam Boericke
of Pan Franc^co, and as regular delegates
to the National meeting of the American
. Institute of iiomeopathy to be held in De
; troit next month Dr. J. A. Albertson of
San Francisco and Dr. J. C. Kirkpatrick
of Los Angeies.
Dr. Bishop himself began the pro
gramme of the afternoon, the main sub
ject being hygiene and sanitary science.
He took "the pesthouse" as a particular
feature, and characterized this institution
generally as a cheerless barn, uninviting
even to a doe.
Dr. E. T. M. Hurlbut of Sebastopol dealt
Dr. George H. Palmer of San Francisco,
*Vno Discussed " Tuberculosis of
Bone."
■with "specialties" in hygiene and sani
tary science, and mentioned as three priu
cijial conditions, hydropathy, mechanics
and homeopathy.
Dr. William Simt)son of. San Jose, in
"Some Notes on Sanitary Progress," said
that many sewer systems* and particularly
those of San Francisco are so poorly con
structed that they could be more cheaply
replaced by the best modern systems than
repaired as they exist.
Surgery was the next theme taken up.
Dr. Pliny R. Watts of Sacramento
described a case of "Surcical Reflexes.'
Dr. B. R. Bryant of Sen Francisco, in a
paper dealing with "Hip-joint Disease, 7 '
advised putting the limb of the subject in
plaster of paris, thus avoiding the neces-
Bity of confining the patient to a bed. Dr.
George H. Palmer of Pan Francisco gave
some very practical ideas on "Tuberculosis
of Bone."
Ophthalmology, otology and laryng
ology were treated in three papers. " Dr.
Simpson of San Jose cited a case of "Hem
orrhagic Glaucoma." Dr. Peterson of San
Francisco had for his eutiject suppurative
rhinitis in children. He expressed par
ticulaily the thought that most children
wear too much clothine and consequently
catch cold easily. Dr. E. R. Bryant of San
Francisco talked of the "Treatment of
Conjunctivitis Trachomatosa."
The use of tobacco came in for particular
condemnation from the veteran doctor, J.
If. Selfridge of Oakland. He held the
many . physicians who use the weed as
locally responsible for the spread of the
habit among youth. Dr. Arndt, a habitual
smoker himself, agreed that tobacco ib
highly injurious, especially to youth. He
thought women could discourage it if they
would honestly say they object to smoking.
The centennial of homeopathic practice
was celebrated in a symposium opened by
Dr. Boericke of San Francisco, and par
ticipated in by the following: Dr. Wil
liam G. Cole of Guerneville, who gave a
concise statement of Hahnemann's doc
trines as taught by himself; Dr. H. R.
Brandt, who told of a century's modify
ing influence upon them; Dr. S. E. Chap
mtfn, who dealt with their essential truth
as the basis of therapeutics; and Dr. C. V.
C. Scott, whose theme was '"Loyalty to
Homeopathic Principles."
As the di-cussions were continued it be
came evident that the programme could
not be completed without a very iate ses
sion, so many of those who had papers to
read agreed to have them mentioned sim
ply by title pending their eventual publi
cation in the journal of the society.
Following is the Ibt: Dr. E. R. Bryant
of San Francisco with a paper on "Knowl
edge of Anatomy, Phvsioiogy aud Pathol
ogy Essential to Good Therapeutics"; Dr.
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
AHce Bush of Oakland, "Anatomy and
Physiology of Kidneys" : Dr. A. L-* Cun
ningham of Oakland, "Pathology of Dif
fuse Parencuymatous Inflammation of
Kidneys"; Dr. Susan J. Fenton of Oak
land, "Anatomy and Pathology of Supra-
Renal Capsules"; Dr. Guy E. Manning of
San Francisco, "The Importance of Urinal
ysis."
Dr. Boericke was one of the last
speakers. His subject was "Homeopathy
as an Educational Factor." He was fol
lowed by Dr. Clara H. Case of San Fran
cisco with '"Homeopathic Pbysicians as
Insurance Examiners," a subject founded
on her daily work.
Fitting tributes, were paid the late Dr.
James E. Lilienthal and the late Dr. £. P.
Gaylord, respectively, oy Dr. Frederick G.
Canney of San Francisco and Dr. C EL
Tisdale of Alameda.
With expressions of highest commenda
tion for the untiring work of Dr. Eleanor
F. Martin, the secretary, to whom the suc
cess of the meeting was partially due, with
a vote of thanks to the press of San Fran
cisco for its kindly treatment and with
general expressions of satisfaction the
twentieth annual meeting adjourned a
little after 11 o'clock.
NAGLE LAID TO REST.
W it the Youngest of California's I'io-
oeen and a Member of the Bohe
mian Club.
The funeral of the late George W. Nagle
took place yesterday afternoon at 2 o'clock.
The simple Episcopal funeral service was
performed by the Rev. Mr. Moreland of
St. Luke's Church in the parlors of Pioneer
Hall, from which place the long funeral
cortage started for Laurel Hill Cemetery,
where the remains were interred in the
family plot.
The marshal and a delegation of Pio
neers accompanied the procession, for Mr.
Nagle had been a '49er, although he was
but three years of age when he arrived in
CaJifornia. The pail-bearers— all members
of the Bohemian Club aud personal
friends of the deceased — were Raphael
Weil, Henry Marshal, Vandrelyn Stow,
Charles G. Yale, H. M. Bosworth and John
Lathrop. The Bohemian Club also sent
as special representatives its vice-presi
dent, Peter Robertson, and its secretary,
Donald Graham. Many beautiful floral
pieces attested tbe kind thoughts of former
friends.
FORGOT SHE WAS WED,
The Charming Maxine Elliott
Has No Thought of
Divorce.
And All Rumors to That Effect
She Positively Avers Are
Groundless.
Miss Maxine Elliott, the charming lead
ing lady of the Frawley company, was
questioned last night at her apartments in
the Baldwin regarding a rumor extant to
the effect that sac had come to San Fran
cisco with the avowed intention of procur
ing a divorce from ncr husband, who is in
the East.
She said there was absolutely no ground
for the report whatever that she had
given the matter of divorce no thought at
all. In fact she went further than that
and averred she had tuken but brief and
infrequent thought even of her married
state.
"Oh, heavens!'' she exclaimed, with a
Lttle move, wuen the que tiou direct was
asked, "What will the papers say next?
It is groundless, groundless. I never have
thought of such a thing. I have enter
tained no idea whatever of getting a
divorce. This is not the first time that
Eastern papers have published this about
me.
"Why, do you know," Ebe continued en
ergetically, "I had positively forgotten
that I was married. It remained for soma
person whoße hands were idle to rake it
up for me.
"But why should I care if these reports
are sent out. Do you think I would come
clear across tne country if I wanted a
divorce? I assure you I have not thougnt
about it at all."
CONTINENTAL LEAGUE.
Earnest Republicans Are Itallying to
the Front With a Determina
tion to Win.
The Continental League of the Republi
can party held its u?ual weekly meeting
last night at its headquarters on Lr.rkin
street, Chairman Frank Worth presiding.
Maurice C. Asher, secretary of the league,
announced that 147 names had been added
to the roll during the week, thus making
the membership 583 in all since the organ
ization of the league.
The brigade committee, who in conjunc
tion with the executive committee had
been instructed to secure a suitable ball
for drill purpose, reported progress and
asked for further time.
The executive committee was instructed
to make preparations for a big ratification
just as soon as the president should be
nominated at St. Louis. Captain Bell,
chairman of the brigade, and Amos Curry
of the executive committee will co
operate in this movement, and San Fran
cisco will send back words of good cheer to
the Republicans of the East on the suc
cess of the convention.
Mrs. Ada Ballon and Mrs. Dr. Noble ap
peared before the league and spoke words
jof encouragement for the Republican
t party that had done so much for the
j women of America. They invited the
! officers and members to pay them a visit
I at the California Hotel at the next meet
[ ing of the Women's State Central Repub
lican Club. The invitation was accepted
; and a vote of thanks extended to the
■ ladies for their visit.
Frank Roony offered a resolution, which
| was accepted, indorsing the action of the
: Republican Convention which met at
■ Sacramento for the manner in which
i delegates had been selected to represent
i California at the National Convention,
i especially that portion in which McKinley
j was named as the choice of this State.
Chairman Worth appointed John Berg,
J. F. Bernard, A. W. Schealer, E. James
and W. Mulhner a glee club for the league
and also Dr. B. F. Flemming, A. E. Guss
man, Thomas C. Maher, H. Jones and
John Gilson as a committee on entertain
ment.
County Clerk C. F. Curry addressed the
meeting, paying his respects to Grover,
who knowing that the last days of the
Democratic party were fast approaching
hud secured . for such of them as are in
office a perpetual billet under the guise of
civil seivice reform. The only wonder, ho
said, was that Grover did not declare his
own ofhee as one that came tinder this
rule. This saily created much merriment
and laughter. ' .. ■ ■
The incomparable C. W. Kyle was the
next speaker. He dwelt at some length
on the blessings of protection of labor
under Republican administration?.
Captain Bell. Hugh Eraser, Will E.
Fisher, and other members of the league,
made short speeches, after which song*
and music were introduced.
Another Maid Sacrificed.
A warrant was issued yesterday for the
arrest of Edward Caldweli on a charge of
abduction.
Caldweli was engaged to be married to a
young woman of Alameda, and several
weeks ago he cot $2 50 from the girl's
mother with which tv procure a marr;a^e
license. He brought tti» Lirl over here
and placed her in a hou?e on Howard
street. After living with her a few days
he fought to traffic on her shame, and,
falling in that, he abandoned her. The
girl is 16 years of age.
LEGISLATION ON
MORAL SUBJECTS,
No Wine at Feasts of the
Grand Lodge of Odd
Fellows.
GILROY WINS THE DAY.
Rebekahs Favor Removing the
Orphans' Home From
Thermalito.
SOME IMPORTANT DECISIONS.
No Benefits for Those Members Who
Meet Death in the Commission
of Crime.
Though the Grand Lods;e of the I. O. O.
F. of California has now been busily en
gaged in discussing those weighty ques
tions which must of necessity come before
Past Grand Master William 11. Parne*., Who lias Been Re-elected Secretary of
the Veteran Odd Fellows' Association for the Eighteenth Time.
such a body for four days, the members j
and delegates aro still fresh in body and
in mind. Yesterday's session was marked
by the consideration of some new and im
portant questions, and the lodge came to
tbe discussion of them with minds not at
all tired oy the pref.-eding sessions.
The morning meeting was taken up
mostly with a discussion of the report of
the committee on appeals. Many of these
evoked lengthy discussion.
In the case of Herman Wittenberg
against Germania Lodge the law was laid
down that if a brother had money to his
credit for advance dues, and in the mean
time fines or assessments were charged
against Him, his rights to benefits
could not be forfeited until thirteen weeks
had elapsed from the time the credits to
his account dad been exhausted.
A magnificent collection of architectural
drawings, the work of Herman and Swain,
architects, are now on exhibition in As
sembly Hall. They were framed and
donated free of cost by the owners.
The decisions of the erand master, made
during the recess, which were offered to
the committee on appeals, were all ap
proved with the exception of unimportant
changes in Nos. 4 and 32.
It was resolved that hereafter permanent
secretaries will be required to open a
ledger account with the Grand Lodge, in
which all sums sent to the latter, either
directly to the grand secretary or through
the district deputy, shall be entered.
Certain matters pertaining to aged and
infirm members and to aged and infirm
members of lodges that have surrendered
their charters are stiil under considera
tion. A careful canvass among the mem
bers tends to ?how that the majority are
in favor of extending aid to members of
old and indigent lodges that have gone
out of exister.ee.
The proposition for a $.r>ooo. r >ooo permanent
membership in the Odd Fellows' Home at
Thermalito has not yet called forth deci
sive action. This, together with all other
unsettled questions, will be disposed of at
to-day's session.
The trustees of the home have signified
their intention of asking lor an appropria
tion of 50 cents per capita for the mainte
nance of the home. If the Grand Lodge
comes to the conclusion that such a tax is
i necessary, it will doubtless let the amount
! be 75 cents per capita, :ind an L extension
! of about eighty feet will be added to the
building.
The first item considered in the after
noon was the constitution of the Rebek
l ahs. After several slight amendments it
; was passed as a whole, and the assembly
empowered to make rules of order as they
may decide.
The appeal of Past Grand Holmes
against Circle Lodge was referred back to
the committee. The Grand Lodge de
, cided that when a man loses his life among
, disreputable companions and under
shameful circumstances he forfeits all
claims to benefits from the order.
The one thing that was given the most
careful ana searching investigation was
the trouble that has existed for the past
year between the grand roasters of Califor
nian and the Wyoming lodges.
They have had a long correspondence,
in which the grand master of the Wyom-
PAST GRAND PRESIDENT HAWLEY ON "THE
CALL'S" MOTTO.
"The stand 'The Call' has taken for the women had
prepared all of us to expect fair treatment at its hands,
and let me say for the Daughters of Rebekah that we
have not been disappointed. This session of the State
Assembly has been reported with a fullness and fidelity
that has delighted us all. 4 The Call's' motto that it
'speaks for all' is aptly demonstrated by the stand it has
taken in favor of the women, and I feel that it cannot be
accorded too much praise. It is the kind of newspaper
mothers desire to come into their firesides."
MRS. M. A. HAWLEY.
ing fraternity had wr tten a very dis
courteous answer to the grand master of
this State upon being nouiied that he had
violated the law of the order in having
permitted lodges under his jurisdiction to
solicit lodges here to buy tickets for an en
tertainment in said jurisdiction, thereby
trying to do by indirect means what the
rules proscribed.
The committee on the state of the order
approved the action taken by the grand
master and recommended that the grand
representative from this State to the
Sovereign Grand Lodge be directed to
bring the matter to the attention of that
body.
Amendments providing that lodges
should not in future lend any funds to in
dividual members were adopted.
The grand master's proceedings during
recess in granting dispensations, in grant
ing and refusing various permissions and
in granting and recalling charters were
approved.
The temperance question was brought
forward again, ratified and approved.
Henceforward no malt or spirituous
liquors can be used at any banquet or en
tertainment given by or in the name of tbe
order, whether held in the lodgeroom or
an y where else.
Permission to institute a new lodge work
in the German tongue was granted.
Charters for two subordinate and four
teen RebekaU loiges that have been in
stituted since the last session were also
granted.
In order to finish the work early to-day
it was found necessary to hold an evening
session, beginning at 7:30 p. m. By this
proceeding the lodge concluded that it
could reasonably expect to end its labors
by to-day at noon.
Nothing was done during the evening
session except to clean up the daily sheet
and make a few minor changes in the
management of the home, with the excep
tion that another slight change was made
in the matter of dues. Past Grand Master
Barnes gave notice of appeal to the Sover
eign Grand Lodge on the ground ttiat two
former decisions had been already made.
REBEKAHS' LABORS.
They Expect to Finish the Work by
Noon To- Day—Fourteena y— Fourteen
New Lodges.
The entire morning session of the Re
bekahs was devoted to a consideration of
the question of removing the orphans"
home from Therraalito to Gilroy.
Much warm discussion was elicited, but
it was plainly to be seen that the oppo
nents of the change were many and the
proponent? few.
Senator Jones of Oroville took the stand
that removal of the home from its present
situation would cause confusion and the
change was entirely unneccsary.
In reply Past Grand Master Gosbey ar
gued that the educational advantrges and
larger facilities for enjoyment that could
be had at Gilroy would more than cam
pensate for tbe confusion arising from the
change. He also thought it were bette'
for the children to be placed where they
could not clash with the older inmates of
the Odd Fellows' Home.
When the matter was put to a vote it
stood 202 in favor of Gilroy and twelve for
Thermalito. The question was then re
ferred to the Grand Ladge for final action.
In the afternoon the committee on the
state of the order brought in its report. It
showed that fourteen new lodges have been
instituted during the past year, and that
two have surrendered their charters. A
constitution and by-laws for the subordi
nate lodges was adopted.
There was no evening session, not even
the conferring of degrees. To-day will be
devoted to a consideration of reports, reso
lutions and all unfinished business. The
ladies expect to finish .their work by noon
to-day.
COUNTESS WACHTMEISTER
The Famous Exponent of Theo
sophy Will Arrive
To-Day.
Reception to Her To-Night at Hotel
Savoy— A Strange Career.
Wil Lecture.
The Countess Constance Wachtmeister,
widow of the late Prime Minister of
Sweden, and one of the most noted living
exponents of tbeosophy, will arrive here
on the Australia to-day.
The Countess has been delivering a
series of lectures in the colonies of Aus
tralia and New Zealand. She has also
been for a little while in Hawaii. On
leaving Europe she visited India, and
turned her attention anew to her occult
studies in that land of theosophy.
The distinguished lady will be given a
reception this evening in Beethoven Hall,
in the Hotel Savoy, by Golden Gate Lodge
of the American section of the English :
Theosophical Society. To-morrow even
ing the Countess will deliver a lecture in [
the same hall. It is said that this is prob- i
ably the only lecture she will give here,
as she has important business calling her ;
home to England.
• She expects to return soon, however,
and make a complete tour of the United
States. Her life has been singularly in
teresting. The lady, whose full name is
Constance Georgine Louise de Bourbe! le ■
Montjuncon, was born on Marcti 28, IMn
at Florence, Italy, her father being the '.
Marquis de Bourbel, who was of one of the
most ancient families of France. Having
lost her parents early in life Constance de !
Bourbel was educated in England and :
lived with her aunt there until in 1863,
when she married her cousin, Count ',
Wachtmeister, then Swedish and Nor- :
weeian Minister at the court of St. James. \
They resided for three years at Copen- I
hagen and then the Count having been
appointed Minister of Foreign Affairs in
Sv.eden they removed to Stockholm,
where the Countess was created a "state
lady of the land" and was the last to receive
such a title, as it then became extinct.
The Count died in 1871, leaving one son,
who is now also a member of the Theo
sophical Society. In ISSI the Countess
joined the society, and has ever since cc- ;
voted herself and her wealth to its cause.
She has written several papers and essay?,
but is best known by a book which gives
an account of how Madame Blavat-kv
wrote the Secret Doctrine. Countess ;
Wachtmeisteri is now and has been a veg
etarian for fourteen years. In person she
Ea of about the medium height with blonde !
hair and blue eyes, a pleasant voice, and
her face has a singularly sweet expression. ;
The Countess' pure English betrays
HO trace of her foreign origin, and her
enunciation is clear and perfect. This j
lady, who has devoted her life and her j
NEW TO-DAY.
L^^B^Tif*if* Tt: '"n''' i i^r r rr^iTiimii^rfrff'rPi ~~n 1 fii''Ti^^^^T 3 ""iZffpSr7r^'%il^Bl^ffß
This Round-Cornered Sack Suit is speedy — it far out-
distances all in its class. It has earned the premium of
highest praise — and it's only $8!
Just the suit for summer — cool colors, soft shades,
medium and light weights. Fifteen dollars' worth of
style, fit and wear for only $8!
There's a quality in all our clothing not to be had in
any others. It has come to be known as "Columbian
quality. It's in this suit — only $S!
Ours is a wholesale house, selling at wholesale
prices. We have but one branch in San Francisco — 211
Montgomery street. There are others, who imitate our
name, our methods, our advertising. Avoid them as you
would any swindle.
vVOOwoN MIMkiS
v__ ■_ x^v D
Your kidneys act as a sieve for the purpose of separating
the good from the bad, throwing into the blood the nutrition
absorbed from your food, and discharging the refuse matter
from the system. When your kidneys are inactive, not doing
I their work properly, the refuse sometimes gets into the blood
and makes you sick. This is a bad state of affairs for you, as it
I often results in "Bright's disease" and death. When you find
your kidneys working poorly you ought, to do something for
them quicker than you would for any other organ of your body.
Naturally, you don't want any more drugs, as you probably know
that they don't reach the trouble. The kidneys need a natural
strength— Electricity- — to revive them.
Electric Belt is the most successful remedy. Try it.
HUENEME, Ventura County, Cal., April IS, 1896.
DR. A. T. SANPEN— Detr Sir: The No. 5 Sanden Electric Beit which I got of you about six
weeks pgo has done all I expected of it and even more. 1 had been laid up for six weeks from
an injury to my kidneys. I was so bad that I would pass blood sometimes, and when I got your
Belt I was pretty bad. " In the six weeks that I nave worn it it has made siy kidneys entirely
well, and I would say that I will never begrudge the price I paid you for it. ' "
Yours truly, " J. S. JOHNSON.
The little book, "Three Classes of Men," can be had free.
It gives full information about Dr. Sanden's Belt and prices.
JS.A.ISrX^^EIXr EIjSCTRIO CO.,
030 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE PALACE HOTEL, SAN FRANCISCO.
Office Hours— S 'A. 3/1. to 8:30 P. M.; Sundays 10 ta 1.
• ; — OFFICES .A.T— —
I-OS ANGELES CAL, I PORTLAND, OR.
. - i:O4 South Broadway.. M~iK ;l •'. - 253 Washington streafc
wealth to theosopny, spent last year lec
turing in this country To her surprise she
\v:isi. .Mted by clergymen to lecture in their
cnurches, principally those of the Presbyte
rian, Unitarian and Vniversalist denomina
tions. She has lectured here to two tboos
and persons in a church with tbe clergy
man by ncr side. During last summer
Mrs, Besant addressed 3000 persons in a
rubiic church, and at the end of her ad
dress the clergyman thanked her most
Heartily.
The Countess came ou the Monowai to
Honolulu, and delivered tnree or four lec
tures at the latter place.
BERKELEY LOTS AT AUCTION.
Fine Kesidor.oe !*ites to lie Offered on
Liberal Terms.
This afternoon at 2 o'clock Easton. El
dridge & Co. will offer at auction sixty
selected residence lots in the Hillegasa
tract, Berkeley. They are but four blocks
from Dwight-way station and are near
D wight way and Telegraph avenue. The
terms are one-foarth cash, balance in
three annual payments.
The streets are in perfect condition, be
ing sewered, macadamized, curbed, graded
and water-piped. Cement atone walks are
also laid arounU the entire property. The
view from this locality is an exceedingly
fioe one and the lots are in every way de
sirabie for residence sites.
Hinkle Was Ke-engaged.
District Attorney Barnes requested the
Finance Committee of the Board of Super
vis, .rs yesterday to allow him to retain Walter
S. Hinkle in his office as special counsel for
another ninety day>. He stated that Hinkle
had been oi great* assistance to the office and
that his services were absolutely neces>ary.
The committee granted the request.
56
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE,
Editor and Proprietor.
SUBSCRIPTION RATES-Postage Free:
Daily and Sunday Call, one week, by carrier.. $0.1 5
Daily and Sunday Call, one year, by ma 11 . .. 6.00
Daily and Sunday Call, six months, by mail.. 8.00
Daily and Sunday Cam,, three months by mail 1.50
Daily and Sunday Call, one month, by mull.. .60
(Sunday Call, one year, by mail 1-50
Vxuuy Call, one year, by mall 1-60
THE SUMMER MONTHS.
Are you potng to the country on a vacation If
so, It is no trouble for us to forward THE CALL to
your address. Do not let it miss you for you will
miss it. Orders given to the carrier or left at
Business Office will receive prompt attention.
I»O EXTKA CHAUOE.
BUSINESS OFFICE: .
710 Market Street,
San Francisco, California.
Telephone Maln-186fc
EDITORIAL ROOMS:
517 Clay Street.
Telephone.. Maln-1874
BRANCH OFFICES:
f>SO Montgomery street, corner Clay; open until
8:30 o'clock.
SS9 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 L*rk'.D street : open until 9:30 o'clock.
faW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open
until 9 o'clock.
2618 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
116 street; open until 9 o'clock.
OAKLAND OFFICE :
60S Broadway.
EASTERN OFFICE:
Rooms 81 and 32, 34 lark Bow, Xcw York City.
DAVID AL FOLTZ, Special Agent
bATUKDAY MAY 16, 1898
tHE CALL PEAKS FOR ALL.
As for Ir\iUg M. Scott— he's all right.
To the Union Iron Works we point with
pride
It is time to be making ready for the
glorious Fourth.
The Oregon's record will stand supreme
until we build a California.
Under the Junta Democratic harmony
peeius to be a tinkling cymbal and sound
ing brass.
It is well understood now that patriotism
means protection and protection means
prosperity.
As there is a Secretary of the Interior in
the Cabinet why not a Secretary of the
Pacific Coast?
Our streetcar system will hf> a vanity so
lonp as the transfer nuisance remains a
vexation of spir.t.
The stream of prosperity will never flow
ea>ilv in this country until we get rid of
the Democratic debris.
"Wherever you hear sounds of enthusi
asm in thes* days yon know that Republi
cans are talking together.
After the St. Louis convention there are
sroinis to be some prediction bureaus sold
cheap enough for firewood.
Now that we have the Oregon afloat per
haps we can induce those Eastern fellows
to quit calling U9 a ruining camp.
Ti~e Prohibitionists have made their
platform bigger, but it is by no mer.ll3 cer
tain they will get more people on it.
We may now expect Eastern ship
builders to assert a belief that the Oregon's
course was measured by a California yarn.
If the appropriation bill proves to be big
enougn to provoke a Cleve'and veto and
then override it the country will be
pleased.
If the Populists succeed in swallowing
anything as long as the Omaba r>!atfor:n
they might as well take a giraffe for a
party emblem.
The only thing the peonle have to fear
in the proposal to renominate Cleveland
is that the old humbug may be too cun
ning to accept it
The lack of a late reference to the Me-
Kinley cabinet p.fforils presumptive evi
dence that the Democratic lyre broke a
string on the first strain.
If you wish to preach protection elo
quently in this campaign begin to practice
it now by helning to make San Francisco
a market for home products.
It is about as easy to get through the
eye of an needle as to transfer at Market
and Powell streets, but the bosses ride in
carriages and they don't care.
The whole Nation may be prond of the
Oregon, but it should not be allowed to
forget that fhe was built by Pacific Coast
energy and Pacific Coast skill.
Secretary Morton was right in saving
much of our fruit mn«t spek a foreign mar
ket, but all the same we must make the
home market safe by a good protective
tariff.
Many Democratic State conventions
have been held this spring, but none of
them have given Cleveland a chance to
annour.ee that he is not a candidate for
renomination.
The Sunday Call of to-morrow will
furnish the best family reading that can
be had anywhere for the price, but to
make sure of getting it you must leave
orders to-day.
The proposed festival may or may not
occur, br-t the Fourth of July is sure to
come and we should arrange for a celebra
tion of it that will be worthy of the City
and the occasion.
Indiana Democrats might as well quit
BHoutine for Claude Matthews and save
their breath for somebody else. No man
named Claude will ever be elected Presi
dent of the United States in these anti
dude days.
*
According to the way some people figure
the Republican candidates for President
and Vire-President both will be nominated
before the St. Louis convention meets, in
which case there will be a soJendid oppor
tunity to turn H into the largest ratifica
tion meeting this country every dreamed
of.
«
There were 2.iS failures in the United
States for fhe week ending May 9, as
against 227 for the corresponding week of
last year, being an increase of 11, while
in Cnnnda, for the pame periods, there was
a decrease of 10, but then the Canadians
are not operating under a Democratic
tariff. _
According to Admiral Walker if we
should put every ship-building factory in
the country to working at full blast in the
construction of warships it would take the
United Htates seven yeara to get a navy
equal to that of Great Britain, and it
would seem time, therefore, for us to set
about staking tae thing a little more even.
MORTON'S ADDRESS.
The address delivered by Secretary Mor
ton at the Board of Trade rooms on Thurs
day emphasized one of the important fea
tures of the present condition of the fruit
industry of the State. The amount of
fruit drown in the United States is so large
that much of it under prevailing condi
tions must seek a foreign market. In those 1
markets the best fruit will bring the best 1
prices and in the end the poorer fruit will
be driven out altogether. It is therefore a
matter of concern to our orchardists that
'he fruit sent abroad should be of the best
quality, well picked and well packed.
Without care in this regard the excellence
of our fruit may go for nothing, while
with care we may become the purveyors of
the luxuries of the world.
While there can be no dispute as to the
value of the counsel given by the Secre
tary it will not escape the notice of intel
ligent men that he has regarded the sub
ject from the standpoint of a free-trader.
To him the foreign market is everything.
He has not stopped to consider that under
better conditions the ho. no market of the
United States could readily onsunieall
the fruit products of California at prices
much above those which prevail in Eu
rope. The bias ot the Secretary is clearly
shown in a letter to the Examiner, pub
lished yesterday, in which he said: "Those
periods during which prices are high have
been generally cal'ed good times, but the
economic millennium will be when all hu
manity is oftenest fed and best clothed at
the smallest possible cost to each indi
vidual."
There is something enticing in the sug
gestion of a millennium when food and
clothing can be had at, the lea3t possible
cost, but that millennium prevails in the
tropic islands at this time. The result is
tlie people of those is'ands are satisfied
with bananas and a breech clout. They
<lo no work. They make no progress.
That is not the social condition Ameri
cans aspire to. We prefer a living that is
not so cheap. High prices, good wages, \
work, enterprise and progress are our !
iueals. That is the political economy this !
country proposes to practice after having !
experienced the disasters which even a
comparatively slight step in the other
direction has brought upon all the indus
tries and horres of the country.
It is undoubtedly well for us to follow I
the Secretary's advice in sending well- |
packed fruit to the foreign market, but '
that is not the most important step to be j
taken in the development of our fruit
industry. \Vhat is most needed in Cali
fornia at this time is a completer manu
facture of the finished products of fruit
and a completer control not only of the !
home, but even of the local market. ;
While we are 'mporting glace fruits
and fine conserves from France,
jams, jellies and preserves from Eng
land and marmalades from Scotland, the
possession of th 3 foreign market for raw
fruit is of Jess concern to us than the estab
lishment of fruit-preserving factories at
home.
I'nder a thorough system of protection
that would revive industry, employ labor,
raise wages, stimulate enterprise and jus
tify the increase of manufactured goods,
the California fruit-grower would have a
better market at home than he can hope
for in Europe. High wages, high prices
and the fuil manufacture of our raw mate
rial are the things to be sought. It sounds
well to speak of California as the purveyor '
of luxuries to the world, but we would
prefer to send those luxuries forth in a
finished form rather than send them
abroad as raw fruit at 5 cents a pound and i
have to buy them back as delicacies at hfty
times that sum.
THE OREGON.
The performance of the battle-ship Ore
gon on her trial trip proves that the L'nited '
States leads the world in war-vessel build- i
ing, and that in San Francisco is located
the Jeadm shipyard of the Nation. An
averaire speed of 16.78 and a maximum of
17.U8 knots an hour reveals the fact to
naval officers everywhere that America's
great battle-ship yard is not only in Cali
fornia, but that the science of war-vessel
construction ia known and understood
here better than anywhere else.
In these days of heavy armament and
steam-propelling power speed is the second
.important element in a naval conflict.
Ouns arc, of course, the death-dealing
agancy, but when a ship's epeed enables it
to maneuver rapidJy its power of attack
and defense is greatly strengthened. It is
in this that the Oregon excels. Its ability
to outsail an enemy is an advantage which
a naval officer can appreciate more than
any one else.
But it is the patriotic and the moral
effect of the Oregon's unrivaled record that
is mo«t valuable. It almost annihilates
the obstructions of time and distance, and,
theoretically, locates San Francisco upon
all the coasts of the country, for tne whole
country must feel stronger and safer now
that it has been demonstrated by practical
tests that t^e Pacific Coast is fully equipped
and well qualified to respond to the de
mands of the Nation should the country
be involved in war.
And, too, Californians have the right to
glory in the enviable reputation which the
State's metropolis has acquired in this
great achievement, not only because San
Francisco's shipbuilders bave the facilities,
the skill and the determination to secure
them lirst place, bui because the yard from
which the magnincent Oregon sailed away
to beat the world's record is wholly and
altogether a California industrial institu
tion.
RIVER AND HARBOR BILL.
The river and harbor bill, which has
passed the Senate, provides for the ex
penditure of over 11,500,000 in improving
the waterways and harbors of California.
This may be considered a very generous
appropriation, for some of it is for pre
liminary work and would seem to mean
further appropriations, equal to the re
quirements of the several localities. It is
especially pleasing to see that the bill sets
apart the Bum of $250,000 to be used in pro
tecting the Sacramento and Feather rivers
by the construction of restraining barriers.
This work will be in a laree measure under
the direction of the California Debris Com
m.ssion, and those interested in hydraulic
mining will have no reason to complain, it
is safe to say, about the way the money is
expended.
While the bill does not provide for all
the rivers and harbors whose improvement
would be advantageous to California's
commercial interests, it is, on the whole, a
good bill ana one for which the people of
California have a Republican Congress to
thank. Internal improvements are looked
upon as essential to the good of the coun
try by the Republican party, and when
the entire administration of the affairs of
the Nation shall pass to that party Cali
fornia will have no occasion to complain
because of neglect or indifference on the
part of tue Washington Government.
In this connection it is well to call the
attention of the paople of California to the
fact that they will have to look to the Re
publican party for whatever they may
want in the way of public improvements.
It is not now nor has it ever been the
policy of the Democratic party to under
THIS SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
take great enterprises for the betterment
of the facilities of commercial operations,
and there is no reason whatever to believe
that were that party to be return -d to
power it jvould permit a dollar to be ex
pended in river, harbor or any other im
provements for the accommodation or
protection of the people's trade and indus
trial interests. California wants facilities
for trade expansion, and it is of the
utmost importance to every line of busi
ness and industry that they be secured
without unnecessary delay.
"THE SUNDAY CALL."
Some old-timers hereabouts will be in
teres-teii and amused to read a hitherto
unpublished chapter of Mark Twain's
career in the mines, as it will appear in
to-morrow's Call.
There will be a great many other good
things in to-morrow's issue, all prepared
specially for The Call and properly illus
trated.
For instance, George Francis Train's
companion in his trip around the world
will present another sparkling paper on
the subject, this one dealing with an odd
occurrence in Japan.
"Miss Russ>ell'' will have a number of
new and instructive things to say con
cerning the treatment of horses' ailments.
Another chanter in the series on "The
Young Athlete" will be found full of valu
able hints from a writer thoroughly in
formed on the subject.
Artists and others will be interested in
an exhaustive paper on the "Spring Exhi
bition in New York."
"The King of the Pearl-Fishers" will
tell some of the strange secrets of his craft.
W. C. Morrow will have a story entitled
"The Kidnaping of Master John," Deing a
strong study in pathos.
A daring plan devised for navigating
the Green and Colorado rivers will be set
forth in detail.
An idea of how houses were shipped
around the Horn in early days will be
furnished in an article describing one of
the most interesting of the old houses in
the State.
An extraordinary cape of arrested de
velopment now existing in San Francisco
will be set forth.
Those are a lew of the special features.
The departments will be equally attrac
tive. Ttie excellence of the children's
page under the management of Mary W.
Richards has already attracted the atten
tion of the public. Music, the drama,
society, the fashions, arts and sciences,
ana all the rest will be found full of in
terest.
Eastern people who want to learn some
thing about California are always de
lichted to receive The Sunday Call from
their friends.
BIMETALLISM.
Bimetailists advocate a monetary system
that shall employ both gold and silver as
the standard money of the country he
cause there is not enough gold to meet the
business operations of the world, and for
that ami for no other reason do they de
mand the remonetization of silver. Gold
itself proves every day that it is inade
quate by widening trade balances, which
is but another way of saying that in ratio
to the inability of gold money to supply
tie n»eds of commerce are the commodi
ties of commerce depreciated in their
market value. Every seller of commodi
ties knows this to be true by experience.
Gold monometallists are trying very
hard to convince the people that the main
tenance of the parity of the two metals,
with equal purchasing and redemption
power, would be a commercial and finan
cial impossibility, but the people will not
be so convinced. The history of the coun
try prior to 1373 and their own good
common-sense tells them that the reason
ing of the gold standlrdites is that of the
money-lender, the mortgage-broker and
the bond-owner. Perhaps the most deeply
rooted of the political tenets of the real
wealth-makers of this country is their un
qualified belief in a monetary system that
shall make gold and silver the standard of
value without discrimination, a/ainst
either metal.
Since the slaughter of eilver. political
economists and statisticians tell us, the
average depreciation in the value of those
things which the great wage and farming
class produce, including wages, has been
about 45 per cent. But land-rents, dwell
ing-house rents, cost of travel, streetcar
j fares, interest on money ana the thousand
and one other things that are controlled
j by corporations, money-lenders and rent
gatherers have s-uttered no such Iocs; and
why have they not? The answer is found
in the restricted volume of standard
money which is the natural as well as the
intended consequence of driving the silver
dollar out of its legitimate place as gold's
companion in the country's monetary
system.
The poldites tell us that the Government
has coined more silver dollars since 1873
than id the whole previous lifetime of the
country, which is true, but they omit to
say that by the act of demonetizing silver
provisions were made to make the silver
dollar a token dollar, redeemable in gold,
thus forcing gold monometallism upon an
unsuspecting people. But for the fact
that gold is pledged to redeem our silver
dollars they would not pass for more than
about 50 cents. Tbev were boldly, un
ceremoniously and surreptitiously reduced
to their bullion value when the right was
conferred upon them to be full dollars just
so long as it suits the conspirators to re
deem them in gold money, but not a min
ute longer.
In order to keep silver wholly dependent
upon gold for recognition as money Sec
retary Carlisle grants the exclusive right
of option to the Government's creditors.
That is to say, the creditor of the Govern
ment is given the right to designate the
kind of money he wants his claim paid In,
and naturally he takes gold, because the
Government itself recognizes only gold as
the ultimate redemntion money of the
country, thus belittling all other kinds.
Now, all that is required to make both
silver and gold the standard money of the
Nation is for tne Government to reserve
the right to pay claims against it in which
ever metal, gold or silver, it may elect to
pay in. That would be the Government's
admission that it held one kind in just as
high esteem as the other and that it would
not be forced to discriminate against
either by any creditor. Then open the
mints to both metals without discrimina
tion or favoritism. That would give the
country bimetallism pure, simple and
honest. _^____^_____
The Illinois statute against bucket-shop
wheat brokers has been knocked to pieces
by Juage Hortonof Chicago, on the ground
that bucket-shops do the same business as
the Board of Trade, and that the law can
not forbid the one while allowing the
other. lie added,: "While I believe per
sonaily that it is all nothing but gambling,
the law allows it and the courts are power
less."
™A tariff that will shut out the products
of pauper labor and an immigration law
that will shut out the pauper laborer him
self is what the Republican party proposes
to enact for the protection of the American
home, but what does Democracy promise?
AROUND THE CORRIDORS.
Alexander P. Brown, a wealthy, retired
manufacturer of Philadelphia and for a long
time conspicuous in the Republican party in
the Quaker City, is at the Occidental, having
just returned from a visit to the grave of
Bishop Heber.
He is an experienced traveler, and on pre
vious trips to Europe aud other parts of the
world has written much for the American
papers that nas attracted attention.
Mr. Brown spent the winter in India, and
also put in several week< on the island of
Ceylon. Thence he went to China and Japan,
where he put in several months more.
"In India, where there are 300,000,000 peo
ple," he said, "the average price of labor is
only 5 or (j cents a day. In Japan tne best
Alexander P. Brown. Who Has Just Returned From a Visit to the Grave of the
Immortal i-i.-lmp lleber.
{Sketched from life by a "Call" $taff arlitt.]
skilled labor is but from 12 to 15 cents a day.
"I raw in Ciylon, in the city <'f < amda, the
native brick-layt-rs working all day for half a
rupee, or about in or 14 cents.
"I looked at the walleand they were of the
same width and laid as well as in Phila
delphia, where I paid recently £3 a day for
each T'j hours' work.
"I could not see any difference in the brick
laying, yet the difference between 13 to 14 cents
for a day's work of twelve hour* and $5 for
7? 2 hours' work is enormous. I don't know
wha,t to think of the matter of labor.
"From what I saw in Japan I became con
vinced that the talk about invasions of cheap
Japanese goods was largely a bugbear, yet it
looked to me as though such coutra^tb in the
prices of labor could not endure. It seeme to
me that certain kinds of American labor must
come down.
"Speaking of Ceylon it may not be generally
known that the body of Bishop Herber lies
buried there. Heber, who was the author of
the immortal hynm beginning 'Biow soft on
Ceylon's isle,' wa? a mibalonary ihere over
iixty years ago and died there.
"I visited his grave at Carada and shall never
forget the place. The isle of Ceylon, by the
way, is ideal. It is a most charming place,
and the bnuei that blow are soit and en
trancing, and altogether tne island is a sort ol
heaven upon earth."
FOR HER SAKE.
All day lonz. with sigh or song.
Toll I for her sake;
She is where the roses throng—
I where thunders break
From the reckless city's mart:
Bui a rainbow's round my heart!
For I sin*: "The day will die-
Toil ill soon be past,
And the stars in Love's own sky
Lead wo home at las'. !
Home, beneath the tranquil skies,
Where she waits with wistful eyes.
♦'Home! where love Is kindest— best,
Where the hearth Is bright:
Home! where sweetly on my breast
Fall bra curls of light!
Home! from all the world beguiled .
By the kiss of a child!"
Frank I- Stakton.
LADY'S BELTED BLOUSE.
The belted blonse is one of the season's nov
eltif*. It is made for spring wear of any ma
ted:', of wool, from cheviot to mohair. The
latter fubric being the most popular of any, is
a sonFible choice, for it is moderately cool and
thus serves for the summer as weU.
These waists are designed for street wear
without a jacket. One of blue mobNir with
•kin to match had gidt buttons set on the top
of each box pleat and was worn with a gilt
belt, a collar of white and yellow striped rib
bon finished the neck.
A brown cheviot serge was neatly trimmed
with turnover collar and cuff of flax-colored
batiste.
Separate waists of silk after this model make
a dressy costume with a skirt of mohairor 6ilk.
Hmrtsome buttons of mock gems are used to
adorn the pleats, and spangled or gem-studded
belts are worn.
The waist may b« varied by leaving off the
skirt portion, which is cut separate, and may
be put on a separate band ana worn at will.
Waists of homespun, lineti and brown Hol
lands, with skirt* of the same, make an all
around useful costume for summer.
The waist hookn tinder the center pleat in
front, the lining being fastened separate at the
same place. The limns; back is fitted with the
goods in one piece. The pcplnm or skirt por
tion is cut separate and sewn to the waist or
on a band.
LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE.
NO DRUMMERS' LICENSE REQUIRED
Chico Merchants Will Extend a
Hearty Welcome to Commer
cial Travelers.
To the Editor of the Fan FrancUco Cnfl— Sir:
For the information of commercial men doing
business with the merchants of the towns and
cities of Northern California, I desire to say
that there is not now and never has been a
license required of commercial men doing
business with the merchants of Chico. The
prosecution of one Haskell for violating the
license ordinance of chico, recently decided
by the Supreme Court in favor of this city, has
been several nines referred to mistakenly as
the "drummer's" license case by some of the
Ban Francisco newspapers, but the very pro
vision under which Haskell was successfully
prosecuted specifically excepts in terms all
persons from its operation who transact busi
ness with merchants or sell to the trade.
The ordinnnee provide* for a license from
itinerant merchantsor peddlers doing business
with the consumers of the articles they vend,
but excepts from its operation all classes of
business transacted with the merchants, and
in no manner or form includes or refers to any
class of commtrcial travelers, or "drummers,"
selling by sample or otherwise to the mer
chants of Chico. On the contrary, every en
couragement is and has always been extended
to this class of business ji^ople, both by the
ordinances of the city and the accepted policy
of business In Chico. The authorities and the
business people of the city have always and
still do recognize the fact that it is cheaper and
more convenient to have the wholesale busi
nes*es o! the princij al trade center? brought to
tlieir places of business at home than to take
numerous business trips to San Francisco
whenever anything is needed in stock.
No commercial traveler has ever been asked
to pay a license of any kma or class in Chico,
no such hie ns'j has ever been paid, and there
has never been an ordinance of the city provid
ing for suci. a license. F. C, Williams,
President of the Board oi Trustees.
Chico, May 14, 18D6.
NOT A SILVER DEMOCRAT.
John P. Irish Says That He Has Always
Antagonized Every Proposition
Looking: *o Free Silver.
To the FAitor 0/ tne San FranrUco Call— Sin:
In your notice of a pamphlet recently issued
to show past standing of various Democrats on
thesilverqucstlon.it is stated that I was a
delegate to the Fresno convention of 1892
and supported the free-silver plant in the plat
form. I was not a delegate to that convention.
It Is true that I appeared briefly on a proxy
from lMncer County for a certain specific pur
pose relatlne to the unit rule for the control of
the delegation to the National Convention.
1 sent to Congress a protest against the first
Bland act for free silver in 1878, and have con
sistently antagonized every proposition look
ing to free stiver, a chtuiße in our standard
money and the debasement of our currency
ever since.
I have not hesitated to oppose the local plat
form of my party on that subject as I opposed
its protective tariff plank in 188t>. The propo
sition of the silver men is opposed to every
principle of Democrccy and ?nubs every tradi
tion nf the party. It cannot be made a Demo
cratic principle by the declaration of a con
vention. Principles make parties; parties do
not make principles. Very truly.
John P. Irish.
San Francisco, May 15, 1896.
THE BEST TWO.
From Charles Gloeckner, Healdsbunr, Cal.
I will do all I can for the Rural Press — clean,
nice, best paper, The Weekly Call excepted
—the best two papers I ever took. Wishing
you luck and prosperity as you deserve.
CURRENT HUMOR.
A young man took his watch to a jeweler and
asked the reason of its stopping.
"Well," said the jeweler, "there is a bedbug
in it."
"Why, how could a bedbug get in a watch?"
"Easily enough," said the jeweler. "It went
in between the ticks."— Hennessy (O. T.) Press-
Democrat.
Mr. Henpec— Do you see anything wrong
with this hat?
His Friend— No. Why?
Mr. Hcnpec— when I wear that hat my
wife is always kicking at it.
His Friend— Well, it's plain she wants you to
get her a position in the ballet.— Puck.
The poster girls have scarlet «yes
And yellow cheeks and purple hair, -
With brownish ears and greenish lips,
In tints outre beyond compare.
Th« poster girls are gaunt and queer, ; C-- '.
With ghostlike wain and ghoulish feet-
Such ghastly bands and arms— dear,
What do the poster maidens eat?
" —Chicago Kecord.
The old family cat awoke from a nap before
the fire and stretched himself in a manner
common to cats. Margie looked at him with
distended eyeH.
"My doodr.ess!" she exclaimed. "I dess ze
tat's doin't boil over." — Judge.
PARAGRAPHS ABOUT PEOPLE.
Queen Natalie of Servia has the most beau
tiful teeth of ary royal personage in the world.
Count Tolstoi receiver letters in four or five
languages, and always replies in that in which
he is addressed.
General Sir Michael Anthony Shrapnel Bid
dulpb, the new gentleman usher of the Black
Rod, forgot his official speech in Parliament
the other day.
Mrs. George Gould's tiara, which she has
Just received from a London maker, cost $80.
-000, and is said to be one of the finest speci
mens of the jeweler's art in America.
Zola's enemies are preparing an anthology
o! the objectionable words and phrase* in his
works, to be presented to the French Academy
when he next offers himself aa a candidate.
The daughter of General Hippolyte, the
lately deceased President of the Haytian Re
public, is at present in Paris for the purpose of
perfecting herself in the Fiench language.
The Empress Frederick of Germany will spend
a large part of the next two years in England.
She will become, it is said, the tenant of Ditton
Park, the late Duke of Buccieugh's beautiful
old place near Windsor, now belonging oLord
Montagu of Beaulieu.
Field Marshal Lord Wolseley.comroander-in
chief of the British army, expresses the opinion
that "the man who believes that the time is
coming when there will be no wars is a dan
gerous dreamer— especially dangerous if he
happens to hold a public position."
Ernest T. Hargrove, the newly elected presi
dent of theTheosophical Society, belongs to an
old English family. One of his ancestors wag
General Harerove, once Governor of Gibraltar.
I and his mother was a descendant of Sir Martin
Frobisher, the famous navigator.
Miss Lydia Bradley of Peoria, 111., who has
already given that city a hospital, a home for
aged women, a church, and a park of 145
acres, has delared her intention of immediately
erecting a polytechnic institute, which, with
Its endowments and appurtenances, will rep
resent a cost of $1,000,000.
PERSONAL.
C. O. Alkine of Riverside reached here yes
terday.
C. H. Benedict, a mining man of Denver, is
in the City.
Dr. P. Frank of North Yaklma, Wash., is a
visitor here.
C. F. Bassett leaves to-day for a trip to Cen- |
tral Nevada.
C. W. Shryock of Spokane ia stopping at the
Cosmopolitan.
W. E. Robinson, a business man of Missoula,
Wont., is at the Palace.
J. L. Mand of the State Bureau of Highways,
Sacramento, is in the City.
W. M. Gray and family of Portland, Or., are
registered at the Cosmopolitan.
N. Schinsicheld of Aix la Chupelle, Germany,
is a recent arrival at the Palace.
Lieutenant C. A. Clarke of the United States
Steamer Thetis is at the Baldwin.
Henry A villa, ticket agent at the Fresno
depot, is a guest at the Cosmopolitan.
Robert F. Pennell, superintendent of the
State Normal School at Chico, is at the Grand.
J. A. Nangle of Guay mas, manager of the So
nora Railroad, is here on a brief business and
pleasure trip.
Charles Gallagher and wife are guests at the
Cosmopolitan. Mr. Gallagher is an extensive
cattle-raiser of Texas.
W. R. Sebine, a business man of Caldwell,
Idaho, on the Oregon Short Line near Boise, is
among recent arrivals.
Dr. C. W. Aby of Los Angeles, formerly man- 1
ager of Mrs. Langtry's ranch in Lake County,
was among yesterday's arrivals.
Ex-Governor J. H. Kinkead of Nevada, who
has been at one of the nearby resorts for a few
days past, is again in the City and is registered
at the Palace.
H. Button and family of Portland, Or., are
stopping at the Cosmopolitan. Mr. Button is
a life-insurance man and expects to locate per
manently in California.
Tue Rev. William H. Scudder, who formerly
preached in this City, but who for the last four
years has been in the EHSt, has returned here
and will preach in Oakland to-morrow.
James Clark, who is interested in opal and
sapphire mines in Queensland, is hero en route
to Europe. He says his mines promise great
things and he shows every confidence in thbin.
He has brought specimens of both sapphires
and ovals with him.
The Baron Curio of Italy, a red-mustached,
fierce-visaged nobleman, who came here via
the Orient a few days ago, accompanied by
Mario Rocca, a gifted author, took his de
parture yesterday. The Baron has gone to see
Chicago and like places.
Among the visiting passenger agents now
here is A. D. Charlton of Portland, general
Western passenger agent of the Northern Pa
cific Railroad, who is at the Palace. He says
thoueh it is generally admitted to De very
dull in Oregon and Washington his road is do
ing 100 per cent more business this year than
last.
Bishop D. L. Nidler of the Dunkard Church,
the most eloquent orator and prolific writer in
the Dunkara organization, has been in the
City for the past few uays. He has just com
pleted a tour of the world in the interest of
his church. The Bishop has been about a year
abroad and is now on his way to New York.
He left last night for Los Angeles, where he
will mtk a short stay.
The Rev. P. J. Jeram, formerly of Eden Col
ony, Mendocino County, August Erz and F. S.
Pot;s have been for a few days in the San Joa
quin Valley looking over lands for a large Ger
man colony. They want at least 30,000 acres.
They have examined hinds »it Fresno and also
45,000 acres in Kings County. C. 8. Young,
right-of-way agent of the Valley road, is with
them. >\ H. Lang of this City met them last
night at Lathrop to show them certain lands
in the Sacramento Valley.
Miss Kehan arrived here last night on a |
special tiain, accompanied by the followng i
members of Mr. Daly's company from Daly's
Theater: James Lewis, Edwin Stevens, Edwin
Varrey, Robert Bosworth, Frederick Truesdell,
George Clark, Hobart Gresham, William
6ampson, Henry Gunson, Sidney Herbert,
Charles Richman, John Craig, William Hazel- I
tine, George Wharnock, Robert Shepard, Mrs.
G. H. Gilbert, Miss Maude Winter, Miss Sybil
Carlisle, Miss Marie at. John, Miss Helina Nel
»on, Miss May Young.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, S. V., May 15.— At the Hoff
man, S. P. Ely; Holland. Miss Rose, Miss
Crockett. Sailed per steamship Saale for
Bremen, via Southampton, H. Diers, Miss Rosa
Fuller, Mrs. Colombia Brustie.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
Fair's Yacht— F. M., San Pedro, Cal. The
price of the gasoline yacht built for Fair was
$25,000.
Jewish Messenger— G. D. S., Forbestown,
Butte County, Cal. The Jewish Messenger is
published iv the city of New Ycrk.
"The Vice-President— a. S., Christine, Men
docino County, Cal. The name of the Vice
president of the United States is Adlai K.
Stevenson.
New York Schools— H. c, City. In the city
of New York there are 48 primary schools, 102
grammar schools. 4 evening high schools, 16
even ing schools for males, 11 evening schools
for females and 1 normal college.
The Training Schooit-E. A. S., Sacramento,
Cal. Up to this time nothing has been done
in the matter of establtshinj the training
school on Uoat Island. As soon as anything is
done it will be noticed in The Call.
Two Ships— A. 8., City. The ship Roanoke
was built at Bath, Me., in 1892. Har gross
tonnage is 3539, net 3400, length 311.2
breadth 49.2, depth 30.2. The May Flint (ux-
Persian Monarch) was built at Dumbarton,
Scotland. Her gross tonnage is 3428 net
3288, length 350.8, breadth 42.8, depth 27 9
Ferry to CLiFF-S.,City. The distance trom
the ferry landing at the foot of Market street
to the Cliff House in an air line is 31,680 feet,
aud along Market street from the ferry to
Geary, out Geary to Point Lobos avenue "and
out the av?nue, the most direct route, the dis
tance is 3b,590 feet. By the air line it is six
miles and about one-third, and by the route
designated six miles and about seven-eighths
Emerald Ibtjs —M. O'C, City. The term
"Emerald Isle" was first applied to Ireland by
Dr. William Drenna, who lived from 1753 to
1820. He was the author of "Erin Grendal
loch," in which he used that name.
W e i"^ rln flrs t arose from the dark swelling flood,
God blessed the island, he said It was eood.
The emerald of Hurope, it sparkled, ii shone
In the ring of the world, the most precious stone.
Ann of Erin, prove strong, but be gentle as brave
And, uplifted to strike, still be ready to save;
Let no feeling of vengeance presume to defile
Ihe cause or the men of the Emerald Isle.
The Lincoln Assassination— a. J. s., City
and others. Accounts oi the assassination of
Abraham Lincoln and information relative to
Mrs. Burratt may be found in the following
"Awaißination of Lincoln," by R. S. Collum
United Service Magazine, vol. I, page 157
-"Assassination of Lincoln," by J. Speed, North
American Review, 147, pa?e 314- "\ e w
Facts About Mrs. Surratt," by J. S F 'd and J.
Hall, North American Review, 147, page 83;
k ,1 °i MTM T Surrau ." by J. W. CUmpitt,
North Americn Review, 131, pa ge 223 :
'Assassination of Lincoln and Tnalof the
Conspirators." by Pittman, 18(55; "Behind the
Scenes of the Cumin of the Conspiracy," by
1889 484 tU Americau Review, vol. 148,
The Jury System-H. J., City. In January
of each year the Judges of the Superior Court
of San Francisco each prepare a list of names
of citizens who during the year shall be
called upon to serve as grand and trial jurors.
These names are taken from those assessed as
•ppears from the last preceding assessment
roll of the City and County and who are not
exempt from serving, not infirm or decrepit,
who are in possession of their full faculties,
who are of approved integrity, and who have
sound judgment. In case, during a trial of a
case, the names are ail drawn from the box
before the panel is filled the court makes an
order that a certain number of jurors be
drawn from the body of tne City and County
at large. When the jurors are so drawn any
one is liable to be summoned to appear. If a
person so summoned has an excuse for not
serving he can offer it. The fact that a man's
name does not appear on the assessment roll
does not disqualify him from serving, but if
he is challenged on that ground he must be
excused.
Leap Year— X. H., City. The real reason for
the name "leap year" is unknown, but it prob
ably arose from the fact that any date in such
a year after the added day, February 29, leaps
over the day of the week on which it would
have fallen in ordinary years; thus, if May 10
in the ordinary year fell on Monday, it would
the next year, if also an ordinary year, fall on
Tuesday, but if the year happened to be a leap
year it lears over one day and falls on Wednes
day, instead of Tuesday. Who it was that des
ignated leap year as the one in wliich ladies
should have the right to pop the question is
uncertain, but it is that it dates beck to
the time of St. Patrick in Ireland; that he was
appealed to to fix one year in seven when the
girls might ask the dilatory swains to become
benedicts; that he replied that they mi^ht pop
the question when there were twenty-nine
days in February, and that if the man asked
refused he should forfeit a silk gown to the
proposer. The 29th of the month is usually
selected by tne ladies because it is the one that
being added to February is the one that grants
ihem what is now known aB the "ladies' privi
lege."
Education'— J. 8., City. An act approved
March 27, 1874, in regard to the enforcement
of the educational rights of children, is as fol
lows:
Every parent, guardian or other person in the
State of California having control and charge of
auy child or children between the agea of 8 and 14
years shall be required to send such child or
children to a public school for a period of at least
two-thirds of ihe time during whicn a public school
shall be taught in such city, city or county, or
school district, in each school year commencing on
the first day of July, 1874. at least twelve weeks
of which shall be consecutive, unless such child or
children arc excused from such attendance by the
Board of Education ot the city or city and county
or of the trustees of the school district in which sucli
parents, guardians or other persons reside, upon it
being shown to their satisfaction that his or her
l odi v and mental condition has been such an to
prevent at endance at, school or application to
study for the period required, or that the parents
or guardians are extremely poor or sick, or that
such child or children are taught in a private
school or at home in such branches as are usually
taught in the primary schools of this State, or nave
already acquired a good knowledge of such
branches: prov.'ded public schools shall be taught
for three months during the year within one mile,
by the nearest traveled road, of the residence o*
any person within the school district, he shall not
be liable within the provisions ot this act.
A violation of this law is a misdemeanor
punishable by fine.
THE STARTONSISTOURS 5 CENIS
Strangers, take home Town6end's California
Glace Fruits, 50c lb. 627 Market, Palace Hotel,
• » <
Read The Star. It is fearless, frank and free.*
■ ■ •—• — • — • -
The Stab to-day roasts the daily press. •
—- »—.» — . . .
Soft chewing molasses candy. Townsend's.*
> » * .-. , •• ;.■;
Fresh buttercups, 25c a pound. Townsend's.*
. . • ♦ — « .':
Soft baby cream, 15c pound, Townsend's. •
» ♦ -» •. !
Best peanut taffy in the world. Townsend's.*
— «' ♦ » —
The Star to-day on Father Yorke and the A.
P. A., Rabbi Levy's patriotic sentiments. *
•—• — ♦ • — •
Special information daily to manufacturer?,
business houses and public men by the Presi
Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Montgomery. "
•• — — !—! —
Mark Hopkins Institute of art— Organ re
citals Sunday afternoon. Otto Fleissner organ
ist, Miss Caroline Boy an vocalist. ... •
» ♦ »
The N. P. C. R.R. via Sausalito ferry is the
only railroad company running out of San
Francisco that does not cater to Sunday pic
j nics, thus giving families and private parties
an opportunity to enjoy the country without
the annoyance of overcrowded boats and trains
| by boisterous crowds. •
Independent Journalism.
The San Francisco Star to-morrow will pay
its respects to the daily press and the A- P. A. ;
Judge Wallace's heartless tyranny; Rp.bbi
Levy's patriotic sentiments; Father Yorke's
courageous words; Vining's microbe policy;
Cator's supporters; conventions, etc. •
President Steyn of the Orange Free State,
now prominently before the public, received a
considerable portion of his education in Eng»
land, and studied law at Lincoln's Inn, where
he served several terms.
Take the Northern Pacific to All Points
Kast.
If yon are golnir Knst call at 638 Market street,
San Francisco, and get our figures. Finest service
in the Northwest. All trains vestibuled and
equipped with dining-cars, upholstered tourist cars
aod elegant i'ullman sleepers. Through sleepers
once a week. T. K. Stateler, agent.
Fob Coughs, Asthma andThboat Disorders
use "Jjroun'j Bronchial Troc)\e». n Hold only in
boxes. Avoid imitations.
Dr. SnsoKßT's. Angostura Bitters, a pure vege
table tonic, makes health and health makes bright,
rosy cheeks and happiness. ' . . ;
WEW TO-DAT.
ETsTate
FOB SALE BY ■ r ' :
TBos. Maps & Sons,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS I
And Publishers "Real Estate Circular."
4 Montgomery Street,
DIIOI i ill SI BUiLDUG, CORNER MARKET.
\ •~— — • ■ i
WESTERN ADDITION HOUSES AND
... LOTS.
- Reduced to$7000; California st., north side, near
Webster; '25x132:6, and good 2-story in first-class
order.
■ Octavia St.. bet. Broadway and Vallejo; 25.x
112:6, and 2-story in good order, 8 rooms, bath,
etc.; fine view: $ (5000; easyterms.
Bush St., near Fillmore: '27x137:8, and fine 3-
story and basement house. 10 rooms and bath, in
first-class order; verysuuny; 56500.
Northwest corner Fillmore and filbert; 24x100,
and cottage; $30U0. .
$5350; very fine house and lot, 25x100: Mc-
Allister, near Baker; very easy terms; only $1500
cash required.
Residence just finished: Presidio Heights; Jack-
son st., near Central aye. and the card: magnifi-
cent marine view, not to be shut oft; all modern
conveniences; house finished In natural wood;
Inlaid floors; $12,600. -■■'-. "
Washingtou-st. residence, near Central aye.;
3_\lo.'>; north side; fine residence, 12 rooms,
finished basement, nttic, all modern convenience*;
excellent interior finish; owner selling to leave
town: $12,500. ; ..-.
■ Eddy and Van Ness: elegant corner residence:
story and finely finished basement; suitable far
doctor's offices or billiard room ; 14 rooms and all
conveniences; solid brick bulkhead, etc. ; lot 30x
109; 824,000. - '
California-street residence, west of La puna; lot
27:tixlS7:l> and fine residence; nearly $3UOO lately
spent on it; line view from rear windows; only
*9500. ....
. Clay St., bet. Scott and r>ev!s»dero; flats well
built and cost (4000: - rents $67 60; and lot 25x
126: 96500: fine neighborhood.
Clay st., north side, bet. Filimore and Steiner: 25
x 102 and good 3-story; 7 . rooms and modern con-
veniences; $5000.
•5250— Fulion st., north side. bet. Goueh and
Octavia; 4 block's west of new City Hall r 25x137 :ti ■
and 2-story dwelling; street In jjood order.
$7000— 3 ft: new houses, just finished: 9 rooms
and all modern conveniences: tine view of bay;
only f 500 cash and . terms as rent if desired: Bn-
chanan st-, near Green: 3 short blocks from l'acific
avenue; 1 block from Uuion-s:reet cars, ana a
blocks from new line on Flilniore st.
WESTERN ADDITION tOKNER ioTS.
Reduced to $4100— Grove and Lyon corner;
87:8x100: for business or residence. ■.
-Corner Geary and Wood sta.; 29:8x100: reduced
to $2000; cheap. '
Klt-sant lot tor investment; 118xl2b: SE. cor.
Polk and Green; both streets in order; cheap; only.
$9500. ■• . . ■ ■
Corner. 35:6x100: $3100; cor. Fillmore and Fil-
bert; stone , blocks on Fillmore and Filbert »'..
sewered: a very desirable cbeaD corner.
SK. cor. Waller and De Long; 80x100; bet. sla-
sonlcand Ashbury: $3250.
Very «heap: NE. . cor. Webster' and Hermann:
37:6x87:6: *2800; easyterms.
- Pine and Buchanan, XW corner: 55x81:3;. both
streets sewered and Pine ' bitumlnlzed; $10,000;
make offer. . : / . :■ ,
MISSION CORNER LOTS. "
Corner.reduced to $3000— 50x114: Castro and
Fourteenth sis.: I streets sewered' and macadam-
ized. ■ ' . . . .
: Sa300— 114x80: N\V. cor. Sanches and Duncan.
Cheap: $2&C0: SW. cor. Castro and sixteenth;.
SOxliO: tine view.
NX. tor. i astro and Army; 25x114: $800; Cas-
tro-st. cars close by. .. : ,
:. SE. cor. Sixteenth and Flint, just above Castro;
50x58:6; $900, or corner, 68:6x90, or sH:b.\ltis;
flnevtew.^.^v-; ■ . _ , : ..SATURDAY MAY 16, 1896
AMUSEMENTS.
li*i.nwiN THiATiB.- "The Strange Adventures
01 Misi Brown."
California Thkatkr— Primrose and West's
Minstrels.
Ccixmbia Thiatib- "Faust."
Nobosco's OrKBA-HocsK— -The Cross Roads of
Life. •
9 ivoli' OrxnA-HorsK.-"Fra Dlarola"
Orphkum— High-Class Vaudeville,
s-vtro Coney Island— Bathing and Perform
ances.
Central Park.— Bicycle Races.
Blaik Park (Oakland) Balloon Ascension
and l'arachme Jump, Sunaay, May 17.
Shoot thk chutes— Daily at Haight street, one
block east of the Park.
Bay District TRAcx-Races to-day.
PICNICS AND EXCURSIONS.
Ho! For thk Santa Cruz Mountains.— The
Tirgt Anniversary Excursion and Family Picnic
of the Union Printers' Mutual Aid Society will be
held on Thursday, May 21, at Glenwood Pars.
Kxcuesion to Russian River— Sunday, May
El Campo— Music, Dancing, Boating, Fishing,
every Sunday.
AUCTION SALES.
By F. T. Kkklkr— This day (Saturday), Rare
Oriental Curios at 419 Kearny street, at 2 p. M.
By Geo. F. I>a van:*— This day (Saturday), Fur
niture, at 613 ('•ary street, 11 o'clock.
By S. Kasch— This day (Saturday), Agateware,
at 731 Market street. Also, Clothing, at Twenty-
Beco d and Mist 'on sts., at 7 p. M. Also, Cigars
an 1 Cigarettes, at 10 Eddy street, at 1 o'ejock.
Bi V. S. t-PKAR A Co.— This day (Saturday)
Show Cases, at 31 Sutler st., at 12 o'clock.
By WII.LIAM J. Ijisgf.k- This day (Saturday),
Teal Kb- ate, near I)wi«ht Way and Telegraph
avenue, Berkeley, at 2 o'clock.
By Eahton a I i.DniDOK.— Tuesday, May 19,
Heal Estate, at 638 Market street, at 12 o'clock.
By O'FiBBCU & Co.— Monday. May 25, Real
Kstate. a: 11 Montgomfry St., at 7:30 P. m.
By BHAIITWAUX I'.vckhk:-: A —Wednesday.
May 27, Heal K«!at<\ at salesroom, 218 Mont
i in .tv street, at 1" o'clock.
CITY NEWS IN BRIEF.
Fdir, Saturday; warmer— Alexander G. Mc-
Adir , local forecast official.
GeoigeW. Nagle, pioneer and Bohemian,
was buried yesterday afternoon.
Ihe total expenses of the Durrant trial have
b«en figured by Ihe District Attorney at 816,
-128.
Cars will carry passengers from the Mission
to any part of Kearny street on and after Mon
day noxt.
Visalia orchardists have found that the lib
eral use of water prevents damage by frost to
growing crops.
Members of the Italian colony will tender a
ba: quet to Dr. Pescia to celebrate his appoint
ment to the consulate.
Maxime Elliott, the leading lady of the Fraw
l< : company, say? <he entertains no thought
at all of getting a divorce.
No definite action was taken yesterday for
the adoption of convention rales by the Trans
continental Passenger Association."
George H. Thomas Post. G. A. R., has ap
pointed a committee to make suitable arrange
ments for Memorial day celebration.
The gentlemen's sodality of St. Ignatius
Church entertained a large audience at liter
ary and musical exercit.es last night.
Two of the More heirs have filed a sensa
tional petition to' have John F. More removed
from the administration of the estate.
J. F. Flynn, the accused father and murderer
oi Baby Browning, was acquitted by Judge
Low yesterday afternoon without argument.
Blacksmith Herold on the San Bruno road
tied Thomas Reynolds to a post and forced
him to reveal the names of his confederates in
a burglary.
The San Francisco Labor Union held a meet
ing last night at 1159 Mission street, s.t which
the funding bill was denounced and the singlo
tax issue raised.
My Sweetheart, Viking, Wandering Nun of
Argyle, Peru, Myrtle H, Senator Bland and
William Pinkerton. were the winners at Bay
District yesterday.
Fifteen persons have absolute control of the
Fir<t Congregational Church property and it
wil' be sold next week. The new site will be
on Suffer and Van Seat avenue.
The formality of ejecting P. L. Weaver as
Fuperinteudent ot the Almshouse was gone
through yesterday and Edwara Reddy, the
new jipponrtee, is now in eh- 'ge.
The Supreme Court has inted a rehearing
Jn the suit against the Treasurer of Los
Angeles, the case involving the validity of an
Issue of bonds ior street improvements. *
The Supervisors have answered the petition
of L. V. Merle fora writ of mandate compelling
them to award him the garbage franchise, and
In ai.-wtring they Compare the bids made.
ud Ganbartz, bookkeeper of the Brew
ery Syndicate, committed suicide yesterday.
He was in poor health and his wife Decame
da:.gerously ill a few days ago. Both circum-
Btanr>-s caused his Buicide.
At :be meeting of the California State Pro
e Association yesterday, there was a
llanos of the wholesale liquor-deal
• - I>:>ort-> of officers wore received and offi
cers for the ensuing year elected.
-T.ieme Court has denied the petition
• :. taring iv the ca-e of Burling against
ob, the suit involving $400,000 ad
••) William C. Kalston when ne was
of the Bank of California.
At a meeting of the Continental League last
148 members were enrolled, Bhowing
TtiiusiK»m in the prospects of a grand
.:can rauik-jiiipn as i-oon as the St.
'invention names the next President of
!h< e"n;te'l States.
W Ktrlly, administrator of the late James
I. Kerr's estate, baa announced the sale of the
■■r and Sportsman to Bertha H. Gol4
fciaitU fur .* - J5 over the chattel mortgage which
Bhe holds uti it. In future it will be run by
Ji'lson J. Moore and William G. Lang.
The annual report of the State Board of Rail-,
road Commissioners is ready for submission to
Governor Budd and wil! be in the hands of the
latter within a few days. All the important
matters that have come before the commission
ior con.s, deration during the past year are
fully dealt -with.
THE SUPERVISORS' ANSWER.
4 -.in;.;. ri -mi Between the Bids on the
Garbage FianchUe.
The Supervisors have answered the pe
li.ion of L V. Merle for a writ of mandate
compelling them to award the garbage
franchise to him, and in answering they
do a little figuring.
Tney say there are 90,000,000 pounds of
garbage gathered from the City every year,
and this without counting tin cans and
old iron. This amount makes 100,000 cu
bic yards, which at 20 cents a cubic yard,
which the franchise allows to be charged,
gives a yearly income of |«6,000 or $1,800,
-000 for the full term of the franchise.
MerJe's;bid is but $f>s6o.
On the other hand the Supervisors say
that with the same figuring the Sharon
bid would give the City a total of $73,800,
and with the growth of the City they be
lieve it would amount to over $360,000." For {
this reason the Supervisors say they award
ed the franchise to the Sharon bidders.
LIQUOR MEN MEET.
The Course of President Kdolt Heartily
Approved.
At the meeting of the members of the
California State Protective Association
there was a large attendance of the whole
tale liquor dealers, the business before the
meeting being the presentation of the re
ports of the officers and the election of
officers for the ensuing year.
President J. P. Edoff "was re-elected and
his course during the past year in his ener
e«.-tic efforts to secure v proper interpreta
tion of the side-entrance ordinance and
the privilege of having licences to saloons
and retail liquor merchants submitted to
the association lor its recommendation or
condemnation was heartily approved.
Winfieid ."Scott was also re-elected secre
tary of the association.
San liHiiii.ru Xurserjr.
The lady managers of the San Francisco
Nursery for Homeless Children will give a
luncheon for the benefit of that institution in
the old Young Men's Christian Association
building. 2:52 Sutler street, May 21 and 22.
The luncheon will be served between the
ii'iurs of 11 and 2 o'clock for the modest sum
of 'J5 cents.
The Vatican is one of the coldest nalaces
in Rome, because of it* immense size —
1100 rooms.
BROWN'S CHURCH
WILL BE SOLD,
Fifteen Members Have Ab
solute Control of the
Property.
PEWS VOTE, NOT MEN.
Debts Have Piled Up to About
Six Thousand Five Hundred
Dollars.
TRUSTEES TIRED OF PAYING.
The New Edifice Will Be Smaller and
on the Corner of Van Ness Avenue
and Sutter Street.
The First Congregational Church— the
church with a history; the church made
famous by the eloquence and the efforts of
that good old man, Dr. Stone.when China
town on one side ana the green blinds of
Dupont street on the other shocked his
well-to-do congregation; the church so
suddenly deserted by the flighty Dr. Bar
rows; the church which, through its late
pastor, had an unchristian wrangle over
the pessimistic utterances of Dr. Herron ;
tne church torn by a dramatic scandal,
with impurity, blackmail and anonymous
letters as the furniture of the stage— is to
be wiped off the face of the earth, and the
rich tones of the organ and the prayers of
the faithful are to ascend from a site with
out a history, good or bad, for a new
church is to arise on that aristocratic
boulevard, Van Ness avenue.
Oil Wednesday of next week Judg* 1
Slack of the Superior Court will order the
property to be sold on a petition filed by
the trustees and a majority of the pew
owner^. The petition asking for the order
has been filed by the trustees— W. F.
Whittier, Henry L. Dodge, John F. Mer
rill, Edward Coleman, W. J. Dutton and
I. F. Morse — and is in accordance with
the following provisions of tne constitu
tion of the society :
Article XII, section I— ln the decision of any
question that may arise concerning the dis
posal by sale or otherwise of the real estate or
buildings belonging to this society, on'.y those
of its members shall be allowed to vote who
are owners of pewi in the church edifice, each
pew being entitled to only one vote, ami in
case there are several owners of a pew the vote
of said pew may be cast as a majority in Inter
est of said owners shall decide.
Section 2—ln2 — In all other matters pertaining to
the business of the society every member
tnereof shall be entitled to a vote, but in no
event shall any member who has neglected or
failed to pay pew rents or taxes when called
upon to do so be permitted a voice in its de
liberations until he has paid the same in full.
The roll of the church members con
tains 900 names. Tne uaie will be made at
the imperative and not-to-be-denied re-
quest of a majority of six trustees and
twenty-two pew-owners, one of which
(Trustee Whittier) owns three pews and
will have three votes. Hence four trustees
and eleven pew-owners, making fifteen
persons in all, have cloned one of the
finest church buiiuings in the State and
will succeed in having the property sold
despite the protects oi the remainder of
tne 900 memoers should they be inclined
to protest.
The reasons why the trustees have de
cided to take this action are said to be
various. Members who insisted upon the
resignation of Rev. C. 0. Brown say that
the trustees are actuated by spite and tue
rule or ruin policy which they charge
constitutes the most salient charac
teristic of Dr. Brown and his stanchest
supporters. The trustees, on the other
hand, say that the church has not been
paying expenses, for 10, these many years,
and they have been paying the deficiency
out of their personal funds until the in
debtedness has reached about |6.J00. They
do not wish to swell the debt, there being
no prospect in sight for its reduction, and
they saw no other way left open for them
but to lock the doors .through which the
fair and intellectual Maine, tne pious and
venerable corset-maker Mm. Davidson,
and the giddy Mrs. Stockton, were wont to
enter for spiritual consolation from the
eloquent lips of its pastor.
A Call reporter visited L. H. Clement,
secretary of the Congregational Church
Society, yesterday, and requested an in
spection of the list of the twenty-two pew
owners.
"I have not the list," replied the secre
tary sadly.
"Are you not the secretary, and is not
the list a part of the records in your pos- .
session?" was asked.
"Well," replied Mr. Clement "I have
not the list for publication."
That was all that the secretary would
say. This unaccountable and unnecessary
display of secrecy is commented upon very !
unfavorably by the church members. They |
aay that if everything is regular and hon- i
est why should not the secretary be will
ing to let the sunlight shine thiough the
stained-glass windows of the historic j
church? Why cover a business transac
tion in which 900 members are interested
with the mantle of darkness?
But under the law of the church the
900 members cannot do anything to pre
vent the sale. One of the leading oppo
nents of the Dr. Brown methods said
yesterday that if, say, half of the members
should sien a protest and file it in Judge
Slack's court the Judge would forbid the
Bale; but no concerted action has been
taicen, and there is but little doubt that
the property will go under the hammer.
One of the trustees, who declined to
allow his name to be used, said that several
persons who signed the petition calling for
Dr. Brown's resignation had not attended |
services in tne church since 1877, and many !
had not attended since 1885 and 1886. He
said that the church expenses, estimating j
the pastor's salary at $5000, were $12,000 a
year; but that, owing to the so-called hard
times during the past few years, there hnd
been each year a deficiency, which had to
be made up out of the private fortunes of
the trustees.
The churcn building was completed in
1872 at a cost of $113,000. The lot cost
$35,000. The property is now valued by '
the trustees at $150,000, most of this being
in the land, the building being practically
worthk-ss to the buyer except for church i
purposes. It has a seating capacity of !
1500, and this is deemed too larte for the j
congregation. The site said to be --elected
by the trustees is on the corner of Van
Ness avenue and Sutter street, and the
building which they propose to erect will
nave a seating capacity of 1000.
Deacon Dexter denounces as a willful
and atrocious lie the statement in a morn
ing paper that he expects a $5000 commis
sion out of the sale. Deacon Morse sealed
the statement in the can of silence and
scornfully refused to make any statement
whatever in relation thereto.
The Pacific, the organ of the Congre- '
gational Church in this City, has the fol
lowing to say:
The officers of the First Congregational ',
Church and Society in this Ciiy have peti- '
tioned the court to allow tnem to sell the ptop- >
ertv of that church, corner of Post and Mason
streets. They have also closed the church to '
preaching, Sabbath-school, Christiau Endeavor i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
Thomas P. HarrJ9. A. A. Hooper, President. Charles J. King, Secretary.
THREE DIRECTORS OF THE WHOLESALE MERCHANTS' NINTH ANNUAL PICMC.
and everything else. This is a very sudden |
and singular proceeding. Six years" a?o this
church was jiayinß its mini-ter a s»lary of ;
j^tUM)!). The current income fully paid all ex- j
pemw. How is it tnat in so short a time its
officers have decided to cIom 1 the church and
sell it? Therf hns been little change in popu
lation in the past six year?. Business has come
a little nearer the church, and its members
have drifted very slowly westward. It is said
that the church is constantly running into
debt and cannot be made to uay expenses iv its
present locality.
Calvary Presbyterian Church, on the same [
block, is paying expenses, and has a surplus in
tho treasury. At this very time there is a plan !
on foot by a part of the First Church and
others to hire a hall near by at a rent of over
$100 a month and employ Rev. Dr. C. O.
Brown to conduct services. The expenses can
not be less than live to six thousand dollars
per annum. That does not look as though it
were impossible to sustain >crvices in tbe K ( rst
Church. Out in the •'Wtstern Addition"
churches are swarming; our own and other
denominations are largely ami well repre
sented, while around the present locality
there is an iinmeu«e population, never more I
than at present, with very few church privi- j
i leges. This is the largest and most beautiful i
. l'mtestant chunh edifice In the City. Itcost
I over 9100,000. It is nee.led where it is and
ought to i,e kept open. It lias a very large :md
n-.-pectable membership in its own neighbor
hood.
Then why couple with the proposition to sell
it the order at once to clos-j its doors and stop
all services? A wise sale, if it were to be sold,
could not be made in a week or a month, and
■ new building cou.d not be provided in many
j months. Shall its people in the mean time be
; allowed to scatter and Identify themselves
! witli other churches? We venture to say that
never before in the history of rongrega'tional j
I cburcnt-H in our country lias such an unwise*
I mode of procedure been attempted. Our |
trustees are good men and have given their
money freely to carry on this church, but now ',
we think they are ruakiu? a bad mistake. Iv
some ways the church has been very badly
handled in the past six years. Let it be opened
I again with reduced expenses and with the
blessing of God there is a grand future before
it in its present locality.
The Ladies' Aid Society held a meeting
yesterday afternoon and decided to pre
sent Dr. Brown with a purse of $300.
The friends of Dr. Brown intend encae
ingahallat an early date and selecting
him to huld services for tuem. It will not
be an independent Congregational Church,
they say, but merely a j lace of worship
for the member!" and others until the new
building shall hare been erected.
MERCHANTS GO MAYING,
They Will To-Day Invade Niles
Canyon by Whole
sale.
Arrived at Their Attractive Destina
tion They Will Enjoy the Mys
tic V ila Veila.
To-day the majority of the wholesale
houses will bt: closed. The narrow, cobble
stoned streets between the water front and
Montgomery street will wear a mournful
ana deserted air. Shutters will be closed,
and the merry roll of the loaded trolley
will be conspicuously silent.
For the wholesale merchants will be
j gamboling in the green fastnesses of >"iles
Canyon, whither they have been called to
participate in the ninth merchants' picnic
| and the great "Veila Veila." What the
I latter means will not be fully known until
I to-aay. but everything points to an un
j usually elaborate mystery.
Following are the officers of the organi
| zation and members of the working com
mittees:
President, A. A. Hooper.
Vice-presidents— Thomas H. Browno, Georgo
A. Kohn, Eniil A. EiiKelberg, Frank S. JoSni
son. Sol Elirman, Frank E. Brigham, Thomaa
Kirkpatrick. L. 11. Sweeney, A. w. Moigs, Mor
ri» Newton, Jacob Levi Jr.," \v. B. Veilman M
H. Weed, William F. :,,hii, Abe Mertif, A. Ven
sano, Frank li. Tyler, Wakefield Baker. George
L. Carroll, Charles C. Pennell, G. M. Pond.
Secretary, Charles J. King.
Treasurer, J. A. Folger.
Committee on transportation and grounds-
Thomas J. Harris (chairman), A. F. Baumeart
uer, W. A. Lieber.
Committee on finance and subscription— A
A. Hanz (chairman). W. K. Wicker W \v"
Sanderson, Charles J. King.
Committee on closing up— Emil Engelberg
(chairman), A. If. Bauinganner, M. Erlenbuch
Frank Httrrold, Julius Wolff.
Committee on music— lsidor Seiler (chair
man), Fred Dallam, G. R. Lucy.
Committee on games— John Short Jr. (chair
man), P. J. Kennedy, Samuel O. Never
Thomas Irvine, James Igo, Philip Teller'
Horace Howard, W. It Russell, Hugh Johns'
Ed Pond, D. Davis, W. M. Hrison, J. McCarthy'
J. W. Farnsworth, Fred Codington.
Committee on prizes— R. M. Duperu (chair
man), Frank Davidson, George Wheaton Carl
Wolbnck, James H. llarrold, Mark Ezekicl 11
C. Caseboit.
Floor committee— George W. Lamb (chair
man), H. W. M. SandDach, M. Goldsmith R
Luhnian, Charles F. Sace, C. M. Bredhoff, R,' M
Duperu, Newton B. Coghill, Arthur Mau O
Johnson, William L. B. Mills, L. R. Levy.
Auditing committee — M. H. Weed. X A
Eugelberg, J. Wolff.
SHAM BATTLE SUNDAY.
Platoons of the City Guard to Meet in
Conflict.
The great sham battle which has been
the talk of the National Guard of this City
and also of the regular army for a month
past, will tafce place to-morrow near Ingle
side.
The participants in the battle will be the
first and second platoons of Company B
City Guard, First Regiment, K. G. C. The
first Platoon will be under command of
Lieutenant Sturdevant and the second
under Lieutenant Ratnm. United States
army officers will accompany each platoon.
Army officers will also act as Judges.
It is the intention for each platoon to
leave the armory at different times and
approach the battlefield by different
routes. The platoons will take with them
cooking utensils, and rations will be served
to each man, a la regular army.
After the battle the com' any will en
gage in siliouette shooting, kneeling, lying
down and standing.
Captain Filmer is determined to keep
his company in the lead both in a military
sense and a social way.
The Loader of Thorn All.
This week's San Francisco News Letter deals
editorially with the following topics: 4< The
True Democratic Policy," "The McKinley Boom
Will Shrink," "Trades Unionism and the Rail
road, " "The United States ol Cireat BriUiin "
•The Woman's Congress," -Trie Almshou-e
Scandal," etc. "Pleasure's Wand" department
is full of charming dramatical talk and criti
cism, and a poem on the "New Woman" ar>
pears over the name of Howard Sutherland
The "Picturesque San Francisco" series still
continues, and is one of the be<t features ever
started by a weekly journal ivi v this City •
THE BEER WAR
IS NOW BEGUN
The Association Has Re
fused to Recognize the
Union.
IT IS A CASE OF FIGHT
Labor Organizations Will Use
Their Old Weapon, the
Boycott
ONE BREWERY IS BELECTED.
It Will Probab'.y Result in a Cheap-
B er Competition — Internal
Differences.
The Brewers' Association decided at a ,
i meeting yesterday to give the Brewery '
| Workmens' Ucion no recognition in the
' present strained relations. They had dis
-1 cussed tiie question at previous sessions,
' and hoped to arrive at some amicable ad
justment. It seems, however, that such <
a solution of the difficulty is now out of 1
question, since the brewers themselves ■
concluded 10 make a stand against the de- ,
I mands of the union.
Yesterday was the day for the brewers' .
annual session, but after they Nad met in
their rooms in the Blood building tlit-y
promptly switched off to the burning ques
tion of war upon their union employes.
The customary business of the yearly
meeting was laid aside temporarily. The <
meeting was held behind closed doors.
With but on* Of two exceptions every t
member of the associaton was present and
sat the meeting out for more than three
hours.
After the meeting adjourned Secretary i
Adolpu Mohr said he was too tired to give j
I information regarding the proceedings. '
, He had a typewritten document in his
hand.
"There is the whole of it," he said, hold
ing up the paper; "but it is too late now
to make copies of it. I want this to be !
published in the Sunday papers, and I am
going to loetc it up in the safe over night.
j I want to get a few more signatures to it
| to-morrow. Then all the members' names
will be on it and the paper will be ready
to publish."
"What is it all about?"
"I don't wish to say. To-morrow is time
enough."
"Did you take action on the Manufac
turers' Association resolutions that ap
peared in this morning's papers?"
"They were not discussed."
"A brewer stated to-day that these reso
lutions were not welcome to the brewers.
What is your opinion?"
"That's not so; any help for us against !
the union would be welcome."
"What action was taken on the commu
nication from the Brewery Workmen's
Union?"
"They simply asked for a conference,
but there was nothing to confer about."
"Have you decided on any course re
garding the union?"
"We won't recognize the union."
A member of the association discussed '
the manufacturers' resolutions with evi
dent feeling. "These resolutions," he said,
"were unasked by us and were unwelcome,
too, because that might prejudice the ami
cable settlement of our case with the
union. We are members of the Manufac
turers' Association, but we never received
a notice of yesterday's meeting, nor were
we represented at it. I believe that no
brewers were present. As the question
involved in these resolutions is still under
discussion" (it was then early in the day
and before the brewers met) "it was un
timely to adopt such measures. I can as
sure you none of the brewers took a hand
in it. Any comment oa the subject now
might be prejudicial to a friendly settle
ment All the brewers wanted was to
effect an arrangement with the men with
out trouble."
A. McLaughlin. vice-president of the
National Brewery Company and a member
of the association, did not care to discuss
what had taken place in the meeting, but
finally he was induced to talk, and he
gave the substance of the contents of the
mysterious document that Secretary Mohr
was so careful to put into the safe. Mc-
Laughlin in substance said:
The whole afternoon was devoted to the con
sideration oi this matter. It was discui-sed
from every point of view, nearly every man
present taking part in it. A resolution was
drawn up stating the position of the associa
tion, to the effect that its members would re
luse to concede to the demand of the Trades
Council; that they would not instruct their
employes to join any union, but that they would
pay wages on a ba<is as heretofore, considered
to be as high or higher than the ttverago for
similar work paid !n (he Kastern cities
The schedule of was:?* runs as follows: Cel
larmen $IH, inaltstei .» $17 and washhouae men
$15. Foremen of departments receive more
than this. The wages of the washhouse men
arc said to be the lowest paid any men in any
brewery in the city.
There were about eighteen members of the
association present, representing every brew
ery in the City, and ever}- one of them voted for
the adoption of the resolution.
Another member of the assaciotion
threw some light upon what took place in !
the meeting, and the subject was of such a i
| character that the brewers as a whole do
DOt care to have it made public. The rea
son is that it would unveil an internal
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
dissatisfaction that has existed for a long
time past. It peems, from what could be
learned, that the malthou?e members of
the association should not sell malt for
Jess than what it cost the brewers to pro
duce it. In this City are half a dozen
commission malthouses that sell to a large
number of brewers.
A part of the brewers of this City make
their own malt. The latter pay their
maltsters from $18 to $22 a week, while
the maltbonse people hire non-union men
from $9 to $15. Because of the difference
in the co«»t of production they sell their
malt for $1 GO per 100 pounds, or about 15
to 25 cents less than the brewers can pro
duce it. 'lhe brewers who muke malt de
clare this to be unfair in an association
that is in reality a pool. Moreover, it is a
direct violation of the agreement on the
part of the malthouse men.
When this subject was brought up in
the meeting it started a long-pent-up
storm. The meeting became so tropical,
so it was stated, that tne malthouse men
acknowledged that in a measure they had
been guilty of violating the agreement in
reducing the price of malt.
When the break bc^an malt was selling
at $1 SO and $100 per hundred, and the
rualthouse men baid that while it would
not be possible to jump the price back
to the old figures they would raise the
price of their product as high as the
custom would stand.
In speaking of the association's methods,
the brewer related how the little Columbia
Brewery on Clementina street was forced
to join the pool. This brewery was re
! cently started, and it has no facility for
making its own malt. The proprietors
were given to understand,that unless they
joined the association they could not pur
chase any malt from the commission malt
houses, all of which belong to the associa
tion. From what could be learned, the
malt difficulty is not yet straightened out
1 to the satisfaction of all interested.
Secretary .Joneph Walters of the Brewery
Workmen's Union took the news of the
; association's decision good naturedly.
He said that the decision leaves but oue
thing to do— tight, and the battle will be
bitter. In the first place the union's
treasury is in a good condition, and will
j be used for strike purposes. The case, in
fact, is in the hands ol the San Francisco
; Trades Council, but the decision of its
special o.nnmttee was practically arrived
at before the request was made of the asso
ciation.
The plan outlined is this: One of the
breweries of the association, a brewery
that is patronized by working and conse
quently the tra.ies union classes, will be
boycotted at once wherever its product is
sold.
The brewery to be boycotted has been
selected, but the name thereof will not be
made known for several days. The union
has several other weapons to use which
will be explained later. All boycotted
beer will be at once replaced by a brewer
who has promised to stand by the union
in its tight.
The Brewery Workmen's Union is
backed up by the Trades Council and the
Building Trades Council. No doubt the
Trades and Labor Alliance will lake a
hand in the battle. Werd was received
yesterday from K. Kurzenknabe and C. F.
Bechtold, the secretaries of the National
Union of United Brewery Workmen at St.
Louis, stating that the fight of local union
No. 7 is the National Union's fight, and
the latter will i elp all in its power.
It is most likely that this fight will re
sult in a cheap beer war amoug the brew
ers.
MONUMENT TO GRANT,
Colonel Fred Declines to Dis
cuss the Convict Scan
dal.
The Eldest Son Appreciates San
Francisco's Esteem for His
Father's Memory.
The demolition of the convict-made
monument to the memory of General
Grant in Golden Gate Park has caused a
general feeling of satisfaction with the
public in general, and Granite-cutters'
Union in particular. The fact that con
victs at Folsom have fashioned and dressed
the stone for the monument of one of the
greatest men, of the age was first made
public by The Call, and at once the Grant
monument committee began to correct the
mistake it had made.
Something like $16,000 subscribed by the
citizens has been lying idle for the past
three years and this will without doubt
be used to defray the expenses of having
the stone dressed by free men. The pub
lic has contributed the money to tnis end
and it will insist that the monument shall
be a tribute to the memory of General
Grant. To what other use could the money
subscribed be put?
At the present time all members of the
family of the late President are out of the
State. News of the monument scandal
was telegraphed to the East, which re
sulted in the following dispatch to The
Call last night:
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.— Colonel
Fred D. Grant, son of the late General
Grant, was seen to-day by a representa
tive of The Call and asked to express an
opinion upon the employment of convict
labor in the preparation of the foundation
stones for the Golden Gate Park statue of
bis illustrious father which is to be erected
in San Francisco.
He said: "Greatly do I appreciate the
kindness and coodwiil of the people ot
San Francisco in honoring the memory of
mv father with a statue, but I must abso
lutely decline to discuss or offer any sug
gestions as to the manner in which the
tribute shall be paid; it would be highly
improper for me to do so. I feel crateful
to the people of San Francisco for their
remembrance of my father, and I will not
enter into a discussion of any action they
have taken in the matter."
The Traded Union*.
An informal meeting of the paper-hangers
was held last evening at 115 Turk street, with
a view of establishing a union of their own.
These tradesmen are at present a part of the
Painters' Union. A committee consisting of J.
W. Rose, Charles Doyle, L. Taylor, Al Cheve
rier and C. K. Enstinc was appointed to canvass
the shops and report if the majority of the
cr.ift is in favor of unionizing. The subject
will l>e diaensaed further at tne meeting of the
Painters' Union.
The Shini'ltTs' Union will hold a social and
smoker next Friday evening at 115 Turk street.
HEROLD'S QUEER
USE OF A ROPE,
Tied a Boy to a Beam in
the Barn to Make Him
Confess.
REYNOLDS' STORY TOLD.
He Was Suspected of Breaking
Into a House and Stealing
Money.
FIVE PISTOL SHOTS MISSED.
Under Pressure of Hemp Reynolds
Said to Have Named His Pals
in Crime.
Thomas Reynolds, the boy burglar, bo
called, If he tells the truth is likely to
change his position from defendant to
prosecutor.
Up to the 17th of March the boy was in
the service of Charles Herold, a black
smith at the corner of San Bruno road and
Army street. The shop was entered by
burglars on the night of the 17th and
looted of some tools.
Herold suspected Reynolds of having
some connection with the robbery and
dismissed him. A few days later the boy
was arrested for petty larceny for having
stolen from a candy vender some of his
wares. Conviction followed quickly on
the heels of the lad's apprehension, and
he went to the County Jail for thirty days.
Herold it seema was unable to rid his
mindoftlie suspicion that the boy had
soraethine to do with the looting ot his
s'iop, and on Thursday evening he and
two of his friends caught Reynolds while
he was playing pool in a saloon ad
joining the blacksmith-shop, and look
vim to the barn in the rear of the shop.
They tried to make him confess com
plicity in the burglary of eight weeks ago,
and failing to extort "a confession tied him
up. so he says, by the neck to the arm of
a harness rack.
Charles Herold was i«een last night in
his residence at the corner of San Bruno
avenue and Army street, rie is an indus
trious horseshoer and wa^ron- maker, and
told a story of persecution at the hands of
burglars.
Reynolds, who is about 19 years old, was
employed by Herold as an assistant. On
March 17 or thereabouts Herold's residence
was entered by burglars and some small
articles were stolen. Herold suspected
Reynolds of having been concerned in the
affair and discharged him on the next day.
On March 2i) burgKrs cut out a pane of
glass from Herolas kitchen window and
stole a lemon-squeezer and some money
and jewelry. Herold's mother, a viry
aged woman, was awakened by the noise
and went into the kitchen, where she was
seized and choked by the burglars.
J\. tew nights after this burglary Henry
Lepl>old discovered two men engaged in
looting tiie blacksmith shop. He bor
rowed a pistol of a neighbor named Wag
ner and tired five shots at the marauders,
but not being a member of the Columbia
Pistol Club did not succeed in hitting any
of them.
Herold said that he tied Reynolds around
the waist and cbest and that he did not tie
him by the neck or string him up in any
way.
William Riordan, a neighbor of Herold.
?aw Reynolds after he had been tied up,
but could not say that the rope was around
Reynolds' neck.
32 /fV 32/
Pages *$jjs£ Pages
SOME FEATURES
SUNDAY CALL.
May 17, 1896.
The Kidnaping of Master John.
BY W. C. MORROW.
How Mark Twain Missed Becoming a
Pocket- Miner.
The Spring Art Exhibition of New
York,
BY VANDYKE BROWN.
*
The Night Side of Nagasaki— Showing
Some Strange Bits of Oriental Life.
The King of the Pearl-Fishers.
— _
Will Shoot the Rapids— Captain Mcl-
lon's Plan for. Navigating the
Colorado.
Suggestions to Youne Athletes,
BY OEOROE D. BAIRD.
A Man and Yet a Child— A Remark-
able Case of Arrested Develop-
ment.
The Story of the First Frame Struc-
ture Erected in California.
Levi Burr, the Crab- Man.
Novelties in the Realms of Science,
Literature and Art.
New Books Intelligently Reviewed.
The Latest Fashion Gossip for Women
and Men.
What Is Going On in Society.
Many Oth«?r Good Thin es May Be
Found in the "Sunday Call."
It Can Be Bought Wherever News-
papers Are Sold. <
'"THE CALL' SPEAKS '' FOR ALT.."
WEW AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMAN&.CO'S THEATERS:
hat the 71 LIST 2 SIGHTS
Baldwin >—-«
_ / TO-DAY.
EDDIE THE STRANGE
C-i^v ADVENTURES
FIJI OF MISS BROWN
Last Time Sunday Night. " .
yj&JL- I Al>A " RK " AN » «nder the-mftn-
\\ XXX | agementof >lr. Augustin Daly.
SKATS for the Entire Three Weeks
NOW SELLING.
Ist Week — 'Countess Onckl." "The Last
Word" and "School For Scandal."
•Jd \Vee<— "Midsummer Night's Dream" and
" Last Word."
3d Week— "Twelfth Night," "The Hunchback,"
"The Honeymoon" and "Taming of The shrew."
fl. AT THE ■. LAST
CALIFORNIA times.
PRIMROSE and WESTS
BIG MINSTRELS —
TO-NIGHT AGAIN
GRAND PRIZE CAKE WALK!
CASH AND VALUABLE PRIZES.
All Local Talent Can Participate Free of Entry.
Monday, May 18-IIoVT'S
"A TKIP TO CHINATOWN!"
.miCDLAnOtR.OOTTU)Di> 9- UJ«3AnorunAO«4—
See T~ TO-DAY
OF
3VEOHHISO3M 1 S3
Famous Scenic and Dramatic Production of
"FATJST"
Wonderful Scenic, Klcctrlc and Calcium Kffecis. •
The MarvoloiiH ','Brooken!' <iaem>,
Genuine l"l;i-.li<>« of Lightning!
->I:iui, i;;iin uf Fire!
Reserved Spat* 2."i0, r>o« % , "So. •'
Monday Next— AMY ill and FHANK DOANE
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE
Miw.i-.KMa.rixt KiiuiMi, Proprietor & Atanue«;
LAST NIGHTS OF
THE BRILLIANT REVIVAL
Of Anber's Tuneful Romantic Opera,
"FRA DIAVOLO "
KVKKY NUMBKK a GEM.
SEATS NOW'ON SALE FOR
NEXT WEEK
First Time in Operatic Form,
"UNCLE TOM'S CABIN !"
A Great Scenic Production.
Popular Prices— 2sc and sOc.
MOROSCO'S
GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
The Handsoment Family Theater In America.
WALTKU MoKOSCO. solo Leiuoa and Manager
THIS EVENING AT, KIGHT, !
Second Week of America's Leading Tragedian, I
EDMUND K. COLLIER /
In the Great Melodrama,
"THE CROSS ROADS OF LIFE"
fVfNiso Trick* -".Vs and Wj.
Family Circle and Mallerv. 10a
Punal Matiiieen >-tiur<l;iy aim .Sunday.
O'Farrell Street, Between Stockton and Powell.
Matinee To-Day (Saturday), May 10.
Parquet, any seat, 25c: Balcony, any seat, 10c;
Children, 10c. any part.
MAGNIFICENT NEW ATTRACTIONS!
A Marvelous Kill Throughout!
WOOD AND SIIEI'AKI),
JFIELU, AND LKWIs.
.KIHN W. KANSONE
And 14 Celebrated Artists.
CENTRAL PARK, MAY 16.
Afternoon and Evening.
NATIONAL CIRCUIT,
L. A. W. RACE MEET.
GIVEN BY THE
S. F. CYCLE RACING ASSOCIATION.
All the best Riders entered for the Races.
LARGEST PRIZES EVER OFFERED.
Kace* commence at 'i o'clock in the after-
noon and 8 o'clock sharp in evening.
General admission, including seat. 25c
Grand stand ' 500
Balcony , 75 C
Box seats. $1.00
Seats on Sale at Park. 1189 Market street.
These races. will be continued every Saturday
Afternoon and Evening during the reason.
SHOOT THE CHUTES!
Saturday & Sunday. Afternoons & Evenings.
TO-DAY ! ,
Free Japanese Kites for Children.
SUNDAY AFTERNOON,
Sensational Ascension and Parachute
Drop, New Balloon, " Chutes.**
ADMISSION :..........JOo
CHILDREN, including merry-go-round 5o
SUTRO BATHS,
TENDERED TO THE
nEAU SAIIjORS
OF THE
BURNED SHIP "REPUBLIC."
Realistic Representation
; ;v, -' 'Of Life on the Ocean.
Saturday Afternoon and Evening, May 16
GENERA^ ADMISSION:
. ADULTS 10c. CHILDREN 3c. i
GRAND CONCERT,
BALLOON ASCENSION
PARACHUTE JUMP,
BLAIR PARK..... .....MAY 17, 1896,
By PROFESSOR ROBERT EAKLSTON", .
The King of Aeronauts and Prince of Parachute
Performers.
Balloon loaves the earth at 3p. x. -
Take Piedmont cars ADMISSION FREE.
URIAH EX-
CURSION, TO-MORROW, May 17th. Leavo
via 7:30 A. M. Tiburon Ferry. Tickets for
round trip at ferry only $2. Children $1. No
extra charge for reserved seats if secured at 333
O'Farrell st. before 10 o'clock this (Saturday)
evening. Choice of stopping at PietaG hours,
Hoplandsljhrs. orOkiah4 hrs. Grand Family
Outing. Don't miss it. J.E.LOCKE, Manager.
EL CAMPO, .
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT,
Now Open Every Sunday During the Season.'
Music, Dancing, Bowling, Boating, Fishins; and
other amusements. Refreshments at city prices.
Fare, round trip, 25c; children 15c; including ad-
mission to the grounds.
• THE STKAMER UKIAH
Will leave Tiboron Ferry 10:30 a. m., 12:10 p. it,
i! and 4p. m. Returning leave El Campo 11:15
A. m., 1, 3 and 5 p. \i.
RACING! RACINGI RACING
CALIFORNIA JOCK CLUB.
-WINTER MEETING
Beginning, Thursday, May 14th,
BAY DISTRICT TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, .
Friday and Saturday. Rain or Shine.
FIVt OR MOKE RACES EACH DAY.
Races start at 2:00 P. m. sharp.
McAllister and Geary street cars pass the ata
R. B. AIILKOY. '• THOS. H. WIJUUAM3 JR...
' ;yv.;:; Secretary. ■ fresldaat. •
78
PYTHIAN KNIGHTS
TO ASSEMBLE,
Annual Convention of the
Followers of Damon
and His Friend.
A HOME IS PROPOSED
Some Important Matters That
Will Come Up for Final
Determination.
EETRENCHMENT AND REFORM.
Preparations That Have Been Made
for a Reception to the Grand
Representatives.
The twenty-eighth annual convention of
the Grand Lodge of Knights ol Pythias
will assemble at Union-square Hall, on
Post street, next Monday evening at 8
o'clock.
Monday evening will be devoted to re
ceiving and acting upon the reports of the
committee on credentials and conferring
the Grand Lodge rank upon past chan
cellors and seating representatives. The
serious work of the convention will begin
on Tuesday morning. The adoption at the
last annual convention of a new constitu
tion and a code of statutes to conform to
Supreme Lodge legislation and the experi
ence of the past year will make the amend
ment of many portions of the law an al
most absolute necessity. It is also prob
able that a proposition will be presented
having in view the object of securing the
consent of this Grand Lodge to the pre
sentation of a memorial to the Supreme
Lodge, which meets in August next, peti
tioning for the return to lodges having a
membership speaking a foreign tongue of
a former privilege — that of having the
ritualistic work translated into such lan
guage and permitting lodges to use it.
The proposed Pythian Home will occupy
tome little attention. For the past two
years a per capita tax of 10 cents per mem
ber ha» been levied toward the accumula
tion of a fund for that purpose, which
amounts now to over (3000.
The selection of a place of meeting for
the next annual convention will engross
the attention of the <Jrand Lodge for some
time. A fe^ members desire to see it per
manently located in San Francisco; others
■prefer that these annual meetings should
be held in various places throughout the
llanford, Pasadena and Santa Uar
ire points already mentioned as dos
hible aspirant-^ for such honors. Retrench
ment ::;;d reform will probably cut some
figure in the deliberations of this body; it
appears to be epidemic in form, as nearly
all grand bodies meeting recently have
i een attacked with the ailment. The se
lection of officers is of necessity a very im
portant part Ol the proceedings. Follow
ing tiie unwritten hiv.- that prevails it is j
probable that the present grand viee
chancellor, C. F. McOlasiian of Truckee,
\r:!l be advanced to grand chancellor, and
(iraml Prelate W. H. Grant of Woodland
will be grand vice-chancellor. The chief
contest will he in the olh'ce of grand prei
ate, for which several candidates have;
ly been mentioned. For grand
keeper of records and seal, the incum
bent, who hAS occupied the station for ten
ys ;trs past, will more than likely be re
tained, as will also Banker S. <J. Little of
Dia in for grand master of exchequer.
For the minor olhces and trustees there
may be some interesting contests.
Tbe first lodge was organized on March
25, 1889, California Lodge No.l, followed
quickly by others, until on September 28,
1869, the Grand Lodge was instituted by
Supreme Chancellor H. C. Berry of
Illinois, with eight subordinate lodges.
The hist lodge to be instituted was at Los
Angeles, on April 25, 18W, known as Los
Angeles No. 2>X>. The present active
lodges number 170, with an aggregate
membership on May 1 of over 11,000.
During these years since the institution
of the tirst lodge in this State, there has
t>e?n disbursed for weekly benefits, relief
and burial of members and relief of
widows and orphans, over $800,000.
Tne prei-ent corps of grand olhcers cora
prises: Carl E. Lindsay, past grand chan
celior; George Samuels, grand chancellor;
<". F. McGlashan, grand vice-chancellor;
W. H. Grant, grand prelate; H. Schaffner,
prand keeper of records and seal; S. G.
Little, grand master of exchequer: W. H.
l.ciiman, grand master-at-arms; E. H.
"Warren, grand inner iruard, and J. H.
Johnson, grand outer guard, with A. Per
rier, J. AY. Guthrie and S. Steiner as
trustees.
The judicial department of the order is
represented by its Grand Tribunal con
sisting of Hon. A. J. Buckles, George \V.
Fox and D. C. Clark by whom all com
plaints and appeals are heard and decided,
thus eliminating from Grand Lodge con
ventions the disturbing element of a hear
ing and dcci.-ion of such matters, leaving
the Grand Lodge free to legislate for the
good of the order.
Stanton L. Carter of Fresno, T. J. Crow
ky of San Kafael and Fr«nk McGowan of
Eureka are the chosen representatives to
. the Supreme Lodge to meet in Cleveland,
Ohio, in August next.
The convention will probably occupy
four days, closing on Friday evening.
A grand reception and ball will ba ten
dered the Grand Lodge on Thursday
evening next at Mechanics' Pavilion, for
which great preparations have been made
by the local lodges. An address of wel
come with appropriate response, a concert
by the Fifth Artillery band, a drill by a
detachment from the Fourth Cavalry, ana
possibly one by a division of the Uniform
Rank will be among the attractions.
Zerin Kapi Temple No. 52, D. O. K. X.,
will start several piUrimagesfrom Pythian
Castie during the coming week, Wednes
day and Friday evenings having been
selected. Tyros innumerable will under
take the journey to become votaries.
The Ten Immortals, a feature of tne last
year s assemblage of tbe Grand Lodge, will
be revived, the numerical designation to be
eliminated and a reorganization effected
upon broader and more enduring lines.
The Immortals represent the social aide of
these gatherings.
The following are the committees of the
Grand Lodge:
Grand tribunal— George W. Fox, D. C. Clark,
A. J. Buckles (P. G. C).
Committee on law— C. L. I'atton, E. I. Wolfe,
C. W. Nevin, W. T. Jeter, Raleigh Barcar.
Committee ;on state of the order— Carl E.
Lindsay (t*. 0. C), W. C. Graves (P. G. C),
George E. Church fp. G. C), J. H. Gyselaar
(P. P. R.), George B. Kauenstein (P. G. C),
Committee on petitions and grievancea — H
R. Arndt, S. N. Reed, C. B. Webster, J. H. Lig
gett.
( ommitttee on finance and mileage— C. S.
Hoffmann, J. B. Barber.
Committee on credentials — O. Norcross, T. F.
Carrigan.
Committee on reports— C. O. Clarke.
Committee on mileage and per diem— G. E.
Bittenger, G. Cdlegaris.
Committee on rules— E. E. Katz, B. S. Rector,
Kumar Rose.
Committee on foreign correspondence— L. S.
calkins, J. D. O'JJeara, B. C. Duffy.
Committee on Eudowment Rank— John
Huber, J. A. Wilson.
Committee on Uniform Rank— E. T. filack
mer (P. S. P.), F. W. Fisher.
Committee on l'ythian Home— Stanton L.
H. SCHAFFNER,
Grand Keeper of Records and Seals.
Carter (S. R.), L. E. Blum ben?, G. 11. Morrison
(P. S. E.), W. W. Stockwell, W. A. Mackinder.
The following is a list of the grand offi
cers and past grands:
Grand chancellor. George Samuels; grand
vice-chancellor, C. F. McGlashan; grand pre
late, W. H. Grant: grand master of exchequer,"
S. G. Little; grand keeper of records and seal,'
11. Schaffner; grand master-at-arms, W. 11.
Lehman; grand inner guard, E. 11. Warren;
grand outer guard, J. 11. Johnston; supreme
representatives — Stanton L. Carter. T. J.
Crowlcy, Frank McGowan; rest grand chancel
lors—J. A. Albertson, E. T. lUaekmer (P. S. R.),
W. H. Bodfish, A. G. Booth (V. S. R.), A. J.
Buckles. George E. Church, F. H. Farrar, J. L.
Fields, W. C. Graves. J. H. Gyselaar (P. S. R.),
J. H. Harney, G. B. Katzensteir, L. P. McCarty,
James Ross; brigadier-general I. R. K. of P.,
C. Byron Nichols; grand trustees— A. Perrier,
Sig. Steiner, J. W. Guthrie.
The representatives to the Grand Lodge
are the following named:
California No. 1 — Representatives, John
Huber, Charles G. Knhlman; alternates,'
Frank M. Zeising, William Horace Cobb.
Damon No. 2 — Representatives, Harry W. i
Patrick, A. A. Hatch; alternates, George W. '
Kidd, W.F.Robinson.
Golden Gate No. 3— Representatives, B. C.
Duffy, W. K. Forsythe; alternates, M. C. Dunn,
W. P. Nutting.
Laurel No. 4— Representatives, D. W. Paylor,
George H. Wolfe; alternates, John Dem, Ernest I
Ulman.
Ivan hoe No. 5 — Representatives. \V. C.
Ordwav. O.Norcross, H. W. Dodge; alternates,
Joseph Wiliains, M. I). Merritt, E.L. William
sou.
Washington No. 7 — Representatives, J. W.
Williams, George 11. Blume; alternates, James
Patterson, C. M. Brown.
Alt-mania No. 8 — Representatives, Henry !
Strieker, J. T. Hurley; alternates, Simon Vock, i
William Eybs.
Eureka No. 9 — Representatives, E. J. Wil
son. Andrew Larseu ; alternates, F. A. F. Postel,
J. W. ilaher.
Sacramento No. 11 — Representatives, M.
Hirsch, Louis Pizer, F. J. Dietrich; alternates, j
Rupert Melier, Theodore Schumacher, Chis
top&er Wilke.
Excelsior No. 12— Representatives, Geor£* H. j
Evans, John H. Iligbee; alternate, E.O. Keuxr.
Harmonic No. 15— Representative, H. Will-
Weber; alternate, Emil Streuber.
Myrtle No. 10— Representatives, C. W. Nevin, :
C. s. Hoffman; alternates, A. Hoffman, I. '
Wolff.
Live Oak No. 17 — Representatives. J. R.
Sloan, Philip Journal; alternates, U. A. Hoi- '
land, P. Jiatthewgou.
Charter Oak No. 20— Representatives, J. P. |
Abbott, J. H. Craig; alternates, D. N. Berlin, .
O. F. Atwood.
Fidelity No. 23— Representatives, T. M. Pick
ett, Herman Wiprut; alternates, G. W. Law
rence, T. N. Mount.
Metropolitan No. 24— Representatives.George ;
I). Dixsou, K. F. Lunge; alternates, Ray A. '
Hard, O. F. Dahlstrom. ■"*■- I
Santa Barbara No. 25— Representative, Geo.
W. Russell ; alternate, S. Fast.
Valley No. 27 — Representatives, F. B. Daley, i
K. E. Katz, Legare Allen; alternates, George !
H. Matticc, L. Steinbrenner, R. H. Curtis.
San Diego No. Representative, &.. H.
: Arndt; alternate, J. H. Simpson.
Vosemite No. 30 — Representatives, T. F.
Carrigan, J. F. King; alternates, A. T. Hast
ings, Thomas A. Mack.
Othello No. 31— Representative, Benjamin
F. Newby; alternate, J. D. Grady..
Brooklyn No. Representatives, L. D. Ins
keep, F. A. Brown; alternates, U. S. Tuttle,
Joseph Anderson.
Damocles No. 33— Representative, William
Sims; alternate, T. H. Fenley.
Lincoln No. 34— Representatives, C. H. Lea,
H.L. Ford, Andrew Johrdahl; alternates, A.
If. Smith. A. C. Dauphiney, A. S. Hitchings.
Liberty No. 35— Representatives, A. C. Par
tello. Jonn BUine; alternates, George Pettitt,
W.W.Moore.
Spartan No. 37— Representative, Josiah Glas
; Eon; alternate, Angus Mclvor.
Centennial No. 38— Representatives. Charles
: Ball, E. A. Trethaway ; alternates, John A.
Gray, T. H. Blackman.
: North Star No. 39— Representatives, J. H.
Bloemer, John 8. beeley; alternates, James
Johnson, J. M. Light.
Park No. 40— Representative, G. B. Staniford;
alternate, J. G. Saudercock.
Lodl No. 41— Representatives, W. C. Green,
George E. Lawrence; alternates, E. Wright,
G. E. Carver.
Columbia No. 42— Representatives, William
Quinton, Edward Goepel; alternates, Joseph
Dsv< y, J. W. Guthrie.
Pythian No. 43— Representatives, Jason Wat- i
kin::, J. 1. McCounull; alternates, E. J. Pfeifer,
J. H. Wright.
Bald Mounta n No. 44— Representative, J. A.
McGregor; alternate, C. H. llonold.
South San Francisco No. 45 — Representatives,
Charles ililly, W. J. B. Warner; alternates, 11.
F. Rahlman, Samuel Hansen.
Am a dor No. Representatives, Thomas
Richards, J. B. Bennetts; alternates, John
Mitchell, W. H.Williams.
Triumph No. 47 — Representatives, George
L. Rogers, Joseph Calice; alternates, H. H.
Johnson, J. S. Brown.
Milo No. 48— Representatives, L. S. Calkins,
B. S. Rector, Henry Hosken; alternates, C. A.
Pare, J. G. O'Neill, Charles Steffen.
Alameda No. 49 — Representatives, C. H.
Wever, James B. Barber; -alternates, Conred
Wehle, Andrew C. Webb.
Duroc No. sO— Representative, F. M. Lim
baugh; alternate, A. A. McClelland.
Aurora No. 51 — Representatives, Peter N.
Lund, R. D. Dunn; alternate, F. C. Haas, G. L.
Collins.
Placer No. 52 — Representative, Joseph H.
Oldhun; alternate, Joseph Smith.
Simmit No. 54 — Representatives, Daniel
McPhetres, F. M. Rutheriord; alternates, C. W.
Long, F. A. Irish.
Willow, No. 55— Representatives, H. J. Arm
brußt, P. G. D. Umiauff; alternates, Jacob
Click, J. M. McCall.
Lompoc No. 57— Representative, J. B.
ElKins; alternate, U. C. DimocK. -
Syracuse No. 58— Representatives, Casper
Samuels, Aaron Wa«ch; alternates, George Rab
bin, G. W. Pagander. :
Mono No. 59— Representative, J. A. Ken
nedy; alternate, A. D. Reading.
Tamalpais No. 60— Representative, Max
Herzog; alternate, John C. Hoover.
Unity No. 01 —Representatives, S. W.
Powell, W. J. Kidd; alternate, Frank Coleman,
A. J. Roberts.
Castle No. 62— Representative, Louis Kar
mel; alternate, F. L. May hew.
Golden City No. 63 — Representatives.
Numar Rose. L. C. Levey; alternates, E. 1.
Walsh, C. M. Graner.
Seaside No. 64— Representative, Bsnjamin
F. Bailard; alternate, George F. Martin.
Ivy No. 65— Representatives, M. A. Samuels,
G. S. Backman; alternates, J. M. Kecnan, H.
W. Uunsaker.
Mussel Slough No. 60— Representatives, David
Gamble, F. B. Blakely; alternates, . Justin
Jacobs, C. B. Rourke.
• Vinelaud No. 67— Representatives, Perry Le
Bane, T. A. Bell; alternates, J. M. Collier
Harry Wilson.
Tulare No. 68 .
Price of Butte No. Representatives,
Joseph Burroughs, W. V. Allen; alternates
Charles Fetters, Charles Croissant.
Piacerville No. 70— Representatives, Charles
J. Green, R. M. Zimmerman; alternates, P. M
Eaton, Shelly Inch.
Fowler No. 71— Representative, Albert Al
brecht; alternate, Frank M. Lyman.
Olympic No. 74 — Representatives, M M
Mitchell, Noah James; alternates, S. X Jones'
W. Lord. . '
Plymouth No. 75 .
Kern No. Representatives, S. N. Reed \V
S. Millard; alternates, C. L. Hollis, F. J. Bethel'
Perseverance No. 77— Representative, W. H
Woodbury ; alternate, S. O. Christeniieu.
Confidence No. 78 — Representatives, C S
Van Roy, Samuel Katzenstein; alternate* A
U. Anderson, M. L. Jenkins. '
Modesto No. 81 — Representative, W. H.
Bortles; alternate, P. J. Hazcn.
Redwood City No. 82— Representative.George
W. Lovie; alternate, George W. Winter.
Gait No. 83— Representatives, Hiram Fugitt
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
GEORGE SAMUELS,
Grand Chancellor.
William Fugitt; alternates, George Miller, E.
K. Stone.
Morning Star No. 84— Representative, T. F.
Ililler; alternate, E. A. .Brush.
Justice No. 85— Representatives, G. U. Pall a,
more, Frank Atkinson; alternate*, Max Katzer,
Frank I). Worth.
Oak Leaf No. 86— Representative, H. M. Han
sen; alternate, B. F. Smith.
Santa Rosa No. 87— Representatives, E. W.
Piivis, Robert Ross; alternates, J. D. O'Meara,
AHvii Uryant.
Avalon No. 89 — Representatives, W. T.
Jeter, 11. B. Irish; alternates, F. J. Hoffman.
B. F. Booth.
Santa Maria No. 90— Representatives, O. P.
Paulding, (Jeor^e Hemmingway ; alternates,
E. T. Bryant, George G. Brown.
Friendship No. 91— Representatives, George
H. Bush.B. H. Barnes; alternates, Theodore
Ilovey, G. E. Bailhaehe.
Matlole No. 92 .
Porterville No. 93— Representative, Levi M.
Owens; alternate. A. M. Lumlee.
Vesper No. 94— Representative, J. B. Thorp;
alternate, S. M. Mcriond.
Franklin No. 95— Representative, Raleigh
i Barcar; alternate. E. E. Carver.
He:iitia No. 99 — Representatives, Jacob
Brown, P. C. Mason; representatives, I. T.
Chambers, G. W. Goxllev.
Petaluma No.loo— Keprescn tative.Joseph A.
Cowcn; alternate, W. A. Middagh.
Eden No. 101 .
Oakland No. 103— Representatives, H. C. Al-
I drich, i>. 15. Gans; alternates, Sol Conn, Casar
I Isaacs.
.-Etna No. 107— Representative, Julius Goep
per; alternate, Edward Gerson.
Fairmonr.t No. KM— Representative*, James !
A. WiUon, R. E. Lane; alternates, T. E. Atkin
son, James A. .McDonald.
Golden Seal No. 110— Representative, W. J.
Montgomery; alternate, B. L. Mooney.
buisun No. Ill—^Representatives, C. 3. Web
ster, N. Garben; alternates, J. E. Haskell, G.
i. Wooderson.
Sunnvside No. 112— Representatives, George
E. JBittenger, C. O. Alkire, C. R. Stibbenti; al
ternates, C. I. Hancock, A. S. White, W. A.
Correll.
lolanthe No. 113 — Representatives, Jame9
Prescott, I. P. Hcick; alternates, F. J. Lennard, '
11. c. Wblte.
Bay City No. 117— Representatives, E. I. |
Wolie, J. R. Goldsmith; alternates, J. D.
Abrain?, & C Misli.
Wtbi BldeKo. 1 IS— Representative, l)an Dris
coll; alternate. F. TOO Sostcn.
Lathrop No. 119— Representative, T. J. Mur
phy; alternate,'!'. L. Sutherland.
Buena No. liJO— Representative, B. T. Will
iams; alternate. T. (). Toland.
Visalia No. l-l— Ktprenntative, B. M. Mad
dux; alteriiate, M. E. lower.
Mojave No. 122 — RepreaentatlTeß, Stephen
Bailing, S. J. Lewj£: aluruaies, W, A. Plainer, |
James Lawkr.
San Jose No. 125— Representatives, P. M. ;
Walsn, t\ L. Donahoo; alternates, C. E. Schroe
«ler, W. 1). Canney.
Sau l\dro So. 12G— Representatives, B. M.
Buker, Samuel Bennett ; alternates, N. C. Hertz,
J. \V. Buckley.
Gardenia No. 127— Representatives, W. H.
Cherry, F. B. Eiwood; alternates, \V. E. Ton-
I neson, W. J. Drake.
Gauntlet No. 129 — Representatives, A. H.
PanoM) Frauk \\ k t--. v , aiiernates, D. J.
Cooper, A. T. Anderson.
Pluto No. loO— Kepresentalives, W. A. Mac
kinder, A. h. Swartout; alternates, W. A.
Biiigham, J. ('. PeterbOO.
Pasadena No. I'JTZ — Representatives, N. A.
Dalrymple,Thomai>l>.Allin; alternates, Cliarles
Grimes, George A. Greeluy.
Madura No. 1 34— Representative, J. W. Rags
dale; alternate, John B. Meloche.
sierra No. loti— -:—.: — .
Colton No. l'.iT— Kfcpresentatives, Daniel D.
Swaitz; alternates, George Bond.
Fresno No. 13U— Representatives, F. V.
Fisher, C. E. R. J ova novich; alternates, N. P.
Justy, O. P. Kieldsen.
Newman No. 139— Representatives, C. E.
Trefts, N. A. Thompson; alternates, H. V.
Armistead, A. A. Biiher.
Lake JbiMiiore No. 140— Representative,
George S. Irish; alternate, John Dewey.
Woi < uikiand No. 141— Representatives.John
Crossman, L. E. Biumberg; alternates, C. A.
Peterson, C. \'. Wisner.
Mount Hamilton No. 142— Representative, F.
T. Scammon; alternate, 1. S. Tnompson.
tjumnerNo. 143 — Kepresentatives, Ben Leet,
Prosper Paijuettu; altcruatt.s, G. M. Whittaker,
Charies E. IJay.
Thtmis No. 14G— Representatives, Pig. Steiner,
F. P. Wiliard; alternates, I. N. Nightingale, A.
K. Kravath.
Roma No. 147— Representatives, G. Cale
garis, John Musso, G. Quierlo, G. TaCconi; al
i lernates, G. Seineuza, A. d'Audrea, G. Peuna,
L. di Grazia.
Bamaon No. 148— Representatives, D. K.Trask,
W. U. Stoekweii; alternates, George Weeks, .h.
E. Johnson.
Santa Ana No. 149 — Representative, James P.
Browne; alternate, E. E. Richardson.
Springville No. 150— Representative, A. C.
Edton ; alternate, Albert Kolley.
Castle Rock No. 151— Representative, G. W.
Tomliiifon; alternate, J. T.Johnson.
Rising Star No. 15"^— Representative, George
W. Hunt; alternate, J. l>. Meinhardt.
Red Star No. 153— Representatives, Harry \V.
Vlii<eut, Harry J. Piace; alternates, L. A.
Blochman, T. J. I;oweH.
Beatrue No. 154— Representatives, L. M.Wil
liams, Marcus Goldwater; alternates, J. 1"
iiasham, M. R. Keef.
belma No. 150— Representative, M. Vincent:
alternate, W. J. Berry.
Oceanside No. 150— Representative, I. Isaac
Irwin.
Capitol No. 157— Representatives, J. H. Lig
gett, J. B. Giflen; alternates, H. Lowry, W. A.
Gilbert.
1-oma No. 159— Representative, E. A. Horn
beck ; alternate, B. si. Johnson.
Arroyo Grande No. lUo— Representative,!. N.
Jatta; alternrtte, M. R. Swall.
Nemo No. lo'l— Representatives.F.C. Giftord,
M. MclMarmid; alternates, tj. It. T. Wright, F.
L. Hewitt.
University No. 162— Representative, George
W. Gunn ; alternate, R. W. Good.
Eagie cliff No. 103— Representatives, W. D.
Nunamaker, C. O. Clarke; alternates. K. M
Riggins, W. M. Hoyt.
Nipomo No. 104—Representative,W.J.Suther
and; alternate, Herman C. Fry.
River View No. 165— Representatives, W. J.
Emigh, J. McCormack; alternates, W. S.
Makemson, Jacob Stern.
Rathbone No. 106— RepresenUtives, Carl E.
Froelich, William irennery; alternates, Wil
liam M. I'enry, John P. Thomas.
Folhoni No. 107— Rtpresentative.A.A.Borges;
alternate, N. G. Wubbtna.
Yreka No. 108— Keprehentatlve.H.C. Schultz;
alternate, R. H. D«\\ itt.
I'nion No. 169— Representatives, Frank P. \
Otis, Jonathan Nicholas; alternates, A. A.
| Grant, George \V. Nicol.
Centreviiie No. 170— Representative, J. W.
Robinson; alternate, J. 1). Norris.
.San Ardo No. 171— Represeutativc.T.Rianda;
alternate, B. t. Brown.
Piedmont No. 172— Representatives, W.H. 11.
Hoigejr, Adolph Eieso; alternates, Meyer Levy,
P. J. Ryan.
San Justo No. 173— Representative, C. A.
Boucher; alternate, J. A. Chargin.
Maverick No. 174— Represeniative.J.T. Laird;
alternate, V. W. Jt-nks.
Lcs Gatos No. 175— Representative, F. E.
Johns; alternate, Peter Simon.
Orosi No. 176— Representative, W. B. Robb;
alternate, D. L. Reeu.
Nero No. 177— Representative, C. S. Hutchin
son; alternate, C. M. Craw.
Banger No. 178— Representative, J. N. Hood;
alternate. J. Bradshaw.
Jefferson No. 179— Representatives, L. Cor
rado, E. Gabnelle.
Monterey No. 180— Representative.J. T. Con
nelly; alternate, D. Donelson.
Amazon No. lßl— Representatives, N. K. Fos
ter, A. Mitchell; alternate*, Richard Leavers
Robert Muuce.
Marathon No. 182— Representatives, W. H.
Routzahn, George S. Adolph; alternates, W. E.
Pritchard, Chanes Stansbury.
Salinas No. 183— Representatives. H.V. Mul
ler. J. E. Uansiord; alternates, M. R. Merritt
P. E. Zabala.
Lily No. 184— Representative, W. A. Sharpe
alternate, Otto Klouman.
C. F. McGLASIIAN,
Grand Vice-Chancell
Mad River No. 185— Representatives.Charles
Hansen, H. C. Buckle: alternates, Duncan
Campbell, G. D. Marvin.
Redlands No. 186— Representative, T. M.
Blvthe; alternate, P. J. (ianey.
Vita Nouva No.lß7— Representative, Thomas
B. Smith; alternate. F. H. Games.
Sequoia No. 188— Representatives, C.L.Pat
ton, George 11. Morrison; alternates, James
Morse, T j. Shackleforn.
Perris No. 100— Representative, Grove 8. de
Line; alternate, W. B. Payton.
Tehachapi NoU9l— Representative, Charles
A. Heath; alternate, D. B. Newell.
Selby No. 19l'— Representatives. Theodore
llcules, J. g. Riiey; alternates, L. P. Ebert, P.
Hfiidnckson.
Sunset No.l93— Representative, EmllGrunig;
alternate, A. L. Rerat.
Hanford No. l'J4— Representatives, Francis
Cunningham. Henry Buck.
Angels No. 193— Representatives, C. R. Haw-
IPJ. J- I*. Myers; alternates, Leonard Estwick,
JW- l>orrah.
Cedar No. 19U— Representative, A. A. Fergu
son ; altemaie, Samuel Hughs.
Fern Leaf No. 197— Representative, C. A. Bur- I
leigh; alternate, A. S. Votaw.
Auburn No. 198-Representative, T. H. Fel
lows; alternate, J. X. Ward.
Cinnabar No. 199— Representatives, C. F.
OBnon, R. J. Pearce; alternates, E. T. Tre
goning. Jnmes Harry.
Colfax No. 'JOO-R'epresentative, J. M. New- I
man; alternate, R M. Acserman.
CoultervilleNo.2ol— Representative.Thomas !
B. McCarthy; alternate, W. C.Floto.
Mars No. 202— Representatives, T. E. Hnd
geons, Robert G. Barton; alternates, Seth E.
Vole, Marcus H. Beach.
Pacific No. 203— Representative.I. M. Merlin
jones; alternate, J. C. Charles.
Mariposa No. 204— Ilepresen tative, C. V. I
Jones; alternate, John lastagnctto.
Los Angeles No. 205 .
VIKING'S YELLOW CARS.
They Will Run From the Mis
sion Throughout Kearny
Street.
An Impor!ant Concession to the De
mands of the Retail Merchants'
Association.
General Manager Vining has made an
important concession to the demands of
the Merchants' Association for facilities
by which people coming into town from
the Mission may be carried to any part of
Kcarny street for a single fsre.
Beginning on Monday next a new line
of electric cars (painted yellow) will be
operated from the corner of Twenty-ninth
and Mission streets, via Mission, Third,
Kearny, Broadway and East streets, to
the ferries, returning via the same route.
Transfer? on inward-bonnd cars will be
received at Twenty-ninth and Mission
streets from inward-bound Twentyninth
street cars and from cars of China avenue
and Ingleside extension. The new rules
TlirOflAl# 9l
gfts r^ *!r--?ttSg ** A 4. A- j- • 638 MARKET STREET 111 a A a ] m ■
|7^gj|fe£ At Auction „...,>. At Auction
SAN FRANCISCO GASLIGHT COMPANY.
Remember mA 1 A 1 A 1 *-
the
San Francisco BUSINESS LOTS
Gas "t ■ m. *k
Light Compan 's Fronting First, Fremont, Beale, Howard and Moma Streets.
Light Company s -j
a * : ■■ ' ' . NATOMA STREET. V/
I~" 100 26 25 !25 100 ~ ~ ~ 137Ti ~ x 7 6 — ~ ■ ~^
Business Lots at ■_ » « * * ~J£_ — i " 6 ie •■ a
AUCTION, « ■■» — — •».. 1, ? t—i-t ; 10Q - ■" ■■
«s" 2 s s — IT: ng 5 3 5 s 13 sg
Tuesday, May 19, |! • ~ T ~" ~ '8 8 " « ~1 1 *-— 89 10 - i\
J ' * ?f1 * 100 25 25 25 100 a- , . 1 . 15 o 5 5 21 «l a
" P 15 25 a 5 J i
At 12 o'clock noon. . HOWARD street. ~ ~ !
25 25 25 25 25 3376 ' i ■
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., | c 5 * 3 2 i g . ' -
Auctioneers. * ox » 2 \ \-^*** , §
. 1_ __/ 8 • 3
r _ - Business and Mechanical Industries surround this property.
ffTTnih ■! Thls Property Is located In the present growing business portion of our city, and certalnlv h»« tv,« k-i~k» »
iMgl. outlook for Investors of any section. 690 " 1 bUSin ° SS P ° rtl ° n ° f ° Ur °^ C^ Mv *** th. Brightest
M^^^^V • Business men, capitalists, Investorsand speculators should examlnethls property, for It certalnlv nV«~*nt<«
JMK?88%K..,._ an elegant opportunity for one and all to obtain a large percentum on the capital they may Invest Pre^ ents
;r-j7 TERMS-One-fourth cash, balance In 1,2 and 3 years. Interest 7 per cent per annum
the N. 8.-Californla Title Insurance and Trust Company will Issue a policy of Insurance'to each nurcha*«r for
the amount of the purchase price for the sum of $25 for each 25-foot tot. Purchaser for
PROBATE SALE. J
Easterly line of South Park. 14-3 feet southwest of Second Street. Two houses, Nos 61 and 7O ah m.t «
rooms each, with cottage in rear of No. 70. House and lot No. 61 Is 22 by about 130 feet Housa and lof No 7O
IslSbyabout^Ofeet.wlthcottafire.nrear. The property will be sold as an entirety o in the two subdlv^ons
Handsome park In front of the property. TERMS-CASH. Subject to approval of Superior Court? Sub lvlslons
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO., AUCTIONEERS,
1 638 JVIAIiKET SM*ia33E!T.
concerning transfers to and from the
inward-bound cars— that is, cars hound
toward the center of the City— have just
been issued in the following form :
Issue transfers at Twenty-sixth street to Bry
ant-street cars.
Issue transfers at Twenty-socond street to out
ward-bound cars of the Twenty -second and
Twenty-fourth street line and receive trans
fers from inward-bound cars of that line.
Issue transfers at Sixteenth street to cars of
the Sixteenth andFillniore street line, bound
west and north.
Issue transfers at Fourteenth street to inward
bound can, of the San Francisco and Sun
Mateo electric line, and receive transfers
irom inward-bound cars of that line.
Issue transfers at Tenth street to inward
bound cars of Post and Leavenworth streets
line.
Issue transfers at corner of Mission and Third
streets to southbound cars of Third-street
line.
Issue transfers at corner of Kearny street and
Broadway to e'.ec trie-cars bound west and
north for North Beach, and receive transfers
from cars of that line bound south Rnd east,
also receive transfers from northbound
Third and Kearny street cars.
The rules issued concerning transfers
to and from cars outward bound, are as
follows:
Issue transfers at corner of Kearny street
and Broadway to electric cars bound north
and west for North Beach, and receive trans
fers from cars of that line bound south and
east.
Issue transfers at corner of Third and Mission
streets to southbound Third-street cars, and
receive transfers from northbound cars of
that line.
Receive transfers at Tenth street from out
ward-bound cars of Post and Leavenworth
street line.
Issue transfers at Fourteenth street to out
ward-bound cars of the San Francisco and
San Mateo electric line, and receive transters
from outward-bound cars of that line.
Receive transfers at Sixteenth street from east
bound cars of the Sixteenth and Fillmore
street line.
Issue transfers at Twenty-second street to out
ward-bound cars of the Twenty-second and
Twenty-fourth streets line, and receive
transfers from inwaru-bound cars of that
line.
Receive transfers at Twenty-sixth street from
Bryant-street cars.
Issue transfers at corner of Twenty-ninth and
Mission streets to outward-bound Twenty
ninth-streetcars and to cars of the China
avenue and Ingleside extension.
THAT CASTROVILLE TRIP.
Bills That Arouaed Blomentary Suspi
cion in the Finance Committee.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors signed the bills for the recent
excursion to inspect the Castro Lakes yes
terday with many winks and smiles. Of
course the bill did not amount to much,
only $149 50 for the twenty-four hours'
junket, but it was some of the items that
amused the committee until they were
explained.
"Freight on two demijohns, $I,'' read the
chairman. "Now it seems to me," he con
tinued, "that it was hardly necessary to
take so much liquid."
"Oh, that's all right," interrupted a
member who had participated in the trip,
"those jups contained water to be assayed
to ascertain whether it is fat to drink.
Instead of remaining in CastroTille over
night, when they found they could not
return to San Francisco the same day, the
party went to Monterev. and were housed
at the Del Monte. The bill for this hotel
was $3!) 23 for the party's lodging, $37
beins; for hotel and $2 '23 for wine.
"I suppose we are expected to believe
that the ten men who went down there
only spent two and a quarter for liquid re
freshments," said the chairman, but just
then his eye lit on an item in another bill,
"Refreshments, $15.'
"Ah, that accounts for it," he said.
The demand was signed without further
question.
NEW TO«DAT.
Consumption
r^tmmi^ and lung troubles
To the Editor : — I have a reliable remedy |
for Consumption and all Lunjr Diseases; also ;
for Loss of Flesh and all Conditions of Wast- j
ing. By its timely use thousands of hopeless I
cases have been Permanently Cured. So i
proof-positive am I of its power, that to in-
crease its usefulness and make known its great
merits, I propose to SEND TWO BOTTLES
FREE to any reader who will write me their ■
i Express and Postoffice address. Sincerely,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C.,
IS3 Pearl St., New York.
When writing the Doctor, please state you read his
letter In tin* paper and oblige— Tub Editor.
HEW TO-DAT.
| Your Doctor will tell
j you that Cod-liver Oil
i will make better, richer j
blood, bring back color j
\ to your cheeks and put !
on flesh where health
| demands it; that Hy-
pophosphites tone up
\ the nervous system,
relieve exhaustion and
permit healthy activity
|of mind* To obtain
| these results he will tell
you that you must be i
sure to get Scott's
Emulsion, which con-
tains the purest Cod-|
liver Oil and the largest
amount of Hypophos-
phites happily united by
its own peculiar process
and producing results
which no other Emul- i
sion can promise*
••BUILT LIKE A WATCH"
! STEPIT_.II>TC3-
BICYCLES.
YirHBKI.S AND I'ALMEIi TIRES OTJAHAN-
! »» teed fur one year. I'rice. 9100. If you want i
, to know mor>? about The Sterling send for our Art !
i Catalogue. Mailed free.
STERLING CYCLE WORKS,
i 314 POST STREET. San Francisco.
IS THE VERY ltKSi ONE TO EXAMINE
your eyes and flt tnem to Spectacles and Eye- '
! glasses with instruments of his own invention.
who6esunfriortty has not been equaled. My sao-
cess has been due to the merits of my work.
Otlicu Hours— l 2 to 4 p. v.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
i pHARLKS H. PHILLIPS. ATTORNKY-AT-
\J law and Not*ry Public, 638 Market st., oppo-
site Palace lion-!. Telephone 570. Residence X6'Mi
, Fell at. Telephone "l»ino" 2591.
NEW TO-PAY. , _,
"wTjudinqee,
Real Estate Agent and Auctioneer,
460-103 Eighth §treet, Oakland,
In conjunction with
J
If AT AUCTION
THIS DAY,
SATURDAY. MAY 16, 1896
At 2 o'clock p. it., on the premises,
Near Dwight Way and Telegraph Avenue,
AND FRONTING
College, Benvenue and Hilleeass Are-
nuet, Parker and Derby Street*,
GO 6O
SELECTED RESIDENCE LOTS
IS THE WELL-KNOWS
HILLEGASS TRACT.
The choicest location for family residences In this
city of grand views, ; . " -i
BERKELEY.
Surrounded by residences of the first-class busi-
ness men of Hun Francisco, the professors of the
State University and the best citizens of Berkeley;
but 1 block from I) wight Way, 1 block from Tele-
graph avenue and 4 blocks from Dwijhl Way
steam station: commands the finest view obtain-
able of the Golden Gate, .Marin County hills, the
bay and the City of San Francisco. '• he streets
are in perfect condition, sewered, macadamized,
curbed, graded and wat r-plped: all tho street
wort is complete. Cement stone walks around the
entire property. Public and private scboolsneat
by, the State University but three minutes' walk.
Terms exceedingly liberal — Only one-
| fourth cash; balance in 1, 2 and 3 years.
HOW TO REACH THE PROPERTY.
From San Francisco take the Berkeley train,
i get off at D wight Way, walk up same to Ulllegau
avenue.
f From Oakland take Telepraph-avenne electrto
car. gee off at Parker street, walk east one minute;
or Grove-street electne car. get oft at Dana or
Dwleht streets, walk east two minutes.
Fox catalogues, terms, etc., Inquire of
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
Real Estate Agents and Auctioneers,
638 Market street, San Francisco.
Or TV3I. J. DINGKK, Real Estate Auctioneer
460 and 46 2 Eighth street, Oakland.
A. H. BKKKD & CO.. 460 Ninth st, Oakland.
BERRY «fc BASU3, 120 flutter St., Ban Franclacq
THESOCCESS OF THE SEASON
THE LADIES' GRILL ROOM
OP THE
PALACE HOTEL,
DIRECT ENTRANCE FROM MARKET ST.
OPEN UNTIL MIDNIGHT.
§J DISPENSARY.
; CPECTAI/TY— DISEASES OF MEN, INCLUD-
. ►-'In^ all forms of Blood. Skin and Nervous Dis-
■ eases of a private nature. Over2oyears>xperience
I Book sent free. 1-atients cured at Horn«. Terms
reasonable- Office Hours. 9to 3 daily: 6:30 to 8:30
evenings. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consultation free and
I sacredly confidential. Call or address
P. ROKCOK McSTI,'I,TY, M. I>.,
26 i Kearny Street, San Francisco, Cal.
Baja California
Damiana Bitters
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonio for th»
sexual and urinary organs of both sexes, and a
great remedy for diseased of tho kidneys and blad-
der. A great Restorative, Invig-oratorand N'ervtna.
fells on it 3 own ilerita— no long-winded lesti*
inonials necessary.
>iAi*±.K, &U1 Jfc BKUNK, Agents,
323 Market St., a. F.— (Send tor Circular.)ELLA HOBART TO
WED C,A,BALDWIN
Society Agreeably Sur
prised by the Announced
Engagement.
TO BE MARRIED SOON.
The Match Considered an Emi
nently Happy One in
Every Respect
THE GROOM AN OXFORD
Preparations for an Early Summer
Wedding at the Hobart Mansioa
on Van Ness.
Society had its regular weekly matri
monial :-urprise yesterday, when Miss Ella
Hobart announced her engagement to
Charles A. Baldwin. As might be ex-
pected with a popular belle, rumor has i
several times connected the name of the j
heiress with various society beaux.
But, strange to say, the right man was j
never mentioned, still less thought of, and '
the engagement comes as a great surprise '
to all, save Miss Hobart's immediate i
tives. .»■•
From a worldly standpoint, the match
is imminently a happy one. Both of the j
young people are independently rich, are !
of congenial tastes, and are recognized as
leaders in their particular set.
Miss Hobart is one of the best-known '
young ladies of the younger set, of which I
she unmistakably is the leader. Aside '■
from her vast wealth, her genial disposi- !
tion and charming personality have won \
for her hosts of friends.
In spite of the great demands made
upon her time by her many social duties, j
Miss Hobart finds time each day to devote i
herself to serious study. She is interested
in art and literature and is also a linguist
of no mean ability. In appearance Miss
Hobart is petite and winsome. Her face
is expressive and attractive. She has |
honest, large blue eyes, a wealth of rip
pling brown hair and the dearest little
retrousse nose, which lends a piauant
expression to her interesting countenance.
Charles A. Baldwin, the fiance of Miss
Hobart, is one of tbe best known of the
society men, both on this coast and in the
East.
He is the son of Rear- Admiral Baldwin
of the United States navy, and was born
at Newport, It. 1., the seat of the old fam
ily residence, and where his mother still
makes her home.
Mr. Baldwin is an Oxford graduate.
Though a member of the various fashion
able clubs— the Pacific-Union and Univer
sity of this City and the Union Club ot
New York and prominently identified
with the Bnrlingarne Polo team. Mr. Bald- j
win manages to devote much time to the \
management of his large vineyard in Santa
Clara County. Like his future brother-in
law he is an ardent admirer of the horse, i
and is an expert rider and driver. 'The I
"hunt ball" which he gave last January in i
the Marble and Maple halls of the Palace
Hotel, was one of the most brilliant, as it
certainly was the most original entertain
ment ever given in this City.
The ball was preceded by an elegant
dinner, and the favors for the cotillion '
that followed were elaborate and expen- !
sive. The engagement is to be a very j
short one, and before her departure for i
Santa Monica yesterday afternoon, where I
the bride-to-be expects to spend a few I
weeks. Miss Hobart announced that while |
no definite date had been set for the wed- j
ding, it would be celebrated within three
months at the Hobart mansion on Van
Ness avenue.
POPULISTS ENCOURAGED.
Presidential Elector J. V. Web
ster Thinks the Party
Will Count.
Is of the Opinion That It Will Poll a
Heavy Vote— Lauds "The Call"
Reports.
J. V. Webster of San Luis Obispo, for
merly the Populist candidate for Governor,
and nominated a few days ago at Sacra
mento for Presidential elector-at-large, is
la the City. Mr. Webster thinks the Pop
ulists will poll a very large vote during the
next election. He said last night in re-
Kiird to the recent convention and other
matters:
"The personnel of the convention was
certainly good; in fact, the best of any one
ever held in this State by any party. We
had many men present, tne peers
of any in the land. Certainly its work
j justifies this conclusion.
"Yes, tlie press of this City gave us the
best nnd fullest reports ever acco rded any
convention of tbe party, for whicn our peo
ple feel very kiudly to all the great papers
ni this City, but more especially to The
Call, which, I believe, gave us the fullest
and most complete reports.
"As to our delegation to the' National
Convention which vill assemble in St.
j Louis on the 22d of July next, we have a
delegation in personnel and brains sel
dom if ever eqnaled in any delegation
from this State by any party, and if it is
not ,. n , ear d during said "convention I
snail lose my guess.
"^es, I consider our platform in the
I main excellent, and will stand like a
breastwork aeainst any fair and honest at-
I tav.k.
"1 saw very few place-seekers present,
I and most of them were sat down on hard.
"We are proud of our work and believe
H will bear fruit next November.
"As to our prospect of success, I will
I say that there is •nothing sure in this
j world but death and taxes.' In the last
campaign we had to struggle up a very
steep hill, and have yet to climb over
some rnnged ground, but as we ad
vance the route seems easier. Two
years ago there were thousand?, if
not tens of thousands, who agreed with the
I pany in principle, but, nevertheless, were
not persuaded of the expediency of voting
I the ticket, claiming that there was no
j chance to win. But since then the move
ment has more tLan doubled its vote as
compared with that of two years previous,
and from the encouragement we have and
the present status of the party it seems to
me I am justified in predicting another
doubling up next lull. But lose or win it
I is all the same to us, for we believe that the
fundamental principles of tbe party are
correct, and they niust ultimately prevail
if the Republic is to endure.
"As to how long the present financial
CHARLES A. BALDWIN.
strain can continue I will say that the
farmers of the State are nearing the end
of their tether. Many J.ornes are being
desolated by foreclosure, so that tenant
farming is increasing rapidly, with no
hope manifest in tue near luture. Ky
judgment is that the difference between
the McKinley and Wilson bill levies on
imports has but little influence over the
situation. It is a famine that can never
be relieved so lonjr as the farmer ia com
pelled to pay 8 or 10 per cent interest per
annum and receives only 50 cents per
bushel for his wheat."
FALL OF THE BASTILE.
French Kesidentg to Have an Elabor
ate Celebration.
The French residents of San Francisco
have agreed to celebrate the Hth of July
in fine style this year. There was a meet
in;' held last evening to prepare for the
event, at which the following committee
wa- selected: Sylvain Wc-iil,J. Deschamps,
P. A. Bergerot, A. Bousquet ana J. Go
dara.
It has not been decided whether the
celebration shall be held in this City or at
Shell Mound, in Berkeley. There is some
difference of opinion on this point, but it
lias been relegatoa to the committee with
power to act. On the proposition that this
year's celebration shall eclipse all others
held in this City, however, there is no dif
ference of opinion, and the indications are
that the event will be a splendid success.
Change in Mias Rehan's Kepertoire.
The management ot the Baldwin Theater an
nounces that the repertoire for the Ada Rehan
and Augustin Daly Com puny engagement, be
ginning next Monday mi-'iit, has been changed
and now stands as follows: If ondny , Tuesday
nnd Wednesday nights and Saturday matinee
"The Countess GuCfci"; Thursday aiid Friday
nlßhts "The Last Word"; Saturday night "The
School for Scandal."
Little's Big Bank Accoant.
The Tublic Administrator has applied for
letters of administration on the estate of
Andrew Little who was buried Thursiiuy. De
cease! hHS no known relatives In tms State,
and his bank-books show his estate to be worth
abuutslo\ooo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
THE PROBLEM OF
RAILROAD RATES,
Annual Report of the State
Commission Is Now
Ready.
VITAL ISSUES TOUCHED.
Governor Budd Soon to Have
Possession of the Impor
tant Paper.
STREET RAIIWAY JURISDICTION
Attorney-General Fitzgerald Covers
This Point Incidentally in
Other Decisions.
One of tbe most important reports ever
made by a Railroad Commission of tbe
I State of California is that which is now
ready for submission to Governor Budd,
and which v.ill be in his hands within a
few days.
It covers a number of questions that are
of vital interest to the people of the State.
Among these are the rates for transporta
tion Kast of California fruits, vegetables
and viticultural products; jurisdiction
over steamboat transportation companies,
street railroads and the Atlantic and
Pacitic Railroad, and the most important
matter of regulating rates on the lines of
the Southern Pacific Company.
During the last session of the Legisla
ture the commission was asked to inquire
into the cause for the high charges on
fruits, vegetables and vitiuultural products
transported to Eastern markets. As tbe
result of the inquiry made on this subject
the board reports as follows:
We have devoted considerable time to the
study of this question, and believe that the
exees&lYfl burden imposed upon the fruit
prowers of this State, for Kastern shipments, is
to n great extent occasioned by the private
ownership of the refrigerator cars used for
these shipments. This system we conceive to
he pernicious. Xo good reasons exist »-b» rail
road companies engnged in the transportation
of fruit, vegetables and viticultural products
of the Slate should not own and provide
Euitable cars lor such traffic, a3 well as
for other commodities handled by them, and
we believe that some steps should b3 tateen by
the proper authorities looking to the relief of
the great oppression under which ihese in
dustries now suffer.
The question of private ownership of tbeie
cars for interstate shipments rests more prop
erly with the Interstate Commerce Commission,
and recommendations have been made by that
body that Congress enact suitable regulations
to pnard against unjust treatment.
We are assured, and believe, that If such
action is taken, the shipments of these products
of California East will increase annually.
Attention is called to the fact that the
MISS ELLA UOBART.
r authority of the commission had been
j called into question in the matter of regu
lating freights and fares by transportation
companies other than railroads, yiz.:
steamship companies. The matter of law
involved was submitted to the Attorney-
Generai, and his opinion was that steam
ship companies as well as railroads were
within tbe jurisdiction of the commis
sion.
In the course of the opinion o! the At
torney-General rendered on this subject
j another interesting and important matter
was also apparently decided, and one that
directly affects the people of this and all
cities within the State who have recourse
to streetcars, and one which is at this time
attracting particular attention in San
I Francisco. In defining the scope of the
I powers of the commission Attorney Fitz
gerald took occasion to ?ay :
For the legislative interpretation of the
term "transportation companies" as used in
the consti tution of California you are referred
to the act to organize and define the powers of
the Board of Kailroad Commiesioners, which
reads in part as follows:
'Tne term 'trans portation companies' shall
be deemed to mean and include all companies
owning and operating railroads (other than
street railroads) within this tftate."
The same subject— the question of the
jurisdiction of the commission over street
railroads— is again and mere directly
touched upon in another portion of the
Commissioners' report. This states that a
controversy "has taken place between this
commission and various motor and elec
tric railways engaged in the transporta
tion of freight and passengers." The re
port then continues:
While the number of these roads is at present
small, still the wonderful progress of elec
tricity v a motive power will, we believe,
cause the construction of numerous electric
roads""for the purposo of engaging in local
freight and passenger carriage. It Is Impor
tant to have the question of the jurisdiction of
this board ascertained, and in the proceedings
contemplated by us we believe an authorita
tive decision can be secured which will fully
determine the powers of this commission over
all transportation companies. On this subject
we are advised by the Attorney-General as fol
lows:
"I am of the opinion that street railroads
within the meaning and Intendment of the
exception to the definition of 'transportation
companies,' found in the act to organize aLd
define the powers of the Board of Railroad
Commissioners, are such roads only as are
used exclusively for the transportation of
passengers." "' : - »' :
Attorney-General Fitzgerald then quotes
from Booth's work on railway law, which
in section 1 says:
, A distinctive and essential feature of a street
railway, in relation to other railroads, is that
it is exclusively for the transportation of
passengers and not of goods.
Attorney-General Fitzgerald then con
tinues as follows:
If the franchise ol the electric and motor
railroads in question merely authorized them
to operate them as street railroads, then, in as
suming to act as transportation companies in
the carrying of passengers and freight, or
freight only, they are unlawfully exercising
their franchises; and if your board will fur
nish me with evidence of that fact I will at
once institute proceedings against them to for
feit their franchises and at the same time to
enjoin them from further operating their
roads as carriers ot freight.
Reference is made to the stand of the
Atlantic and Pacific Railroaa Company
in denying the jurisdiction of the board.
In this connection the Commissioners' re
port says :
While our predecessors in office may have
accepted this position, we desire to announce
that we do not in any manner agree to the
same. Our determination is to fully inquire
iuto the local affairs and charges of this cor
poration and deal with them the tame as with
the affairs of the other railroad corporations
of the State.
In the matter of a uniform system of
accounts to be kopt by all transportation
corporations as provided by the State con
stitution, the report says:
Xo commission, to (air knowlecge, has ever
attempted the enforcement ol this provision.
It is most Important, and the adoption of such
v system would do much to simplify railroad
affairs and enable this commission to obtain
information absolutely essential for the trans
action of its boiineaa. This subject basbc-en
considered by 01 for some time aud we expect
to be enabled to perfect a,nd put In force such
a system as is contemplated by the constitu
tion.
Then come the comments of the com
mission on the great issue of regulating
freight rates now pending in the Federal
court in this City. They follow:
By far tho mn? t important matter that has
engaged the attention of the commission has
bee:: the adoption of a schedule of rates for
the transportation of grain over the leaded
lines of the Southern Pacific Company within
this State. Almost the entire tratlic of the
State is carried by this corjKiration, and from
our induction into oflice its afTsirs have re
ceived the most careful attention and consid
eration. Complaints of its charges for freight
and passengers transported have been made,
and action has been taken reducing charges
and formulating a new schedule of rates, par
ticularly on grain shipments. The proceed
■ cMent to the subject we deem proper to
sUit.- with some inrticularity.
A full review of the proceedings had be
fore the commission relative to the rate
reductions attempted last year is then re
cited and also the failure of the Southern
Pacific Company to put these reduced
rates into effect, and the subsequent in
junction suit of the Southern Pacific Com
pr.ny.
The report then concludes as follows:
The questions at isiue are of the utmost im
portance to the people of the State and in
v.'lvr do! only the right of regulation of rates
through tiie medium of the Railroad Commis
sion, but the rital question of the right of the
people of the State of California, through the
commission, to regulate or to interfere in any
manner with the charges fixed by the South
ern Pacific Company; and, if the position
taken by complainants is sustained, all hopes
for the regulation of the rates ot this corpora
tion are destroyed, and such charges as they
may deem proper will be enforced, regardless
of the will of the people.
One of the most unfortunate remtta of the
issuance of the omnibus injunction against
the commission has been the prevention of
any action toward the regulation of discrimi
nations against various rail and shipping
poiuts. This is one of the greatest evils under
which the Atpperi of California suffer, aaa
the discriminations are numerous.
This board has given considerable study to
the question and finds la almost every in
stance of the more important irregularities
investigated that the carrier urges a? an argu
ment in favor of these charges that the pres
ence of water competition is their justifica
tion. It Is true that in many sections of our
State, notably in lhe Sacramento Valley and
shipping points close to the bay, as well as
points upon the coast reached by water and
rail, shippers are more favorably situated for
transportation purposes, but discriminations
are specially prohibited 1 y the constitutional
provision ot section 'I\, article XII.
The actions of other commis>ions, including
the highest authority, the Interstate Com
merce Commission, recognizes water compe
tition as an important factor in rate-making,
and we believe that some legislative action or
constitutional amendment empowering the
Board ot Railroad Commissioners to determine
the extent of territory affected by this factor
would benefit shippers in general and deal
lairly by all carrier*. The nntnral advantage
of a shipping point, having water and rail
facilities should nut be destroyed by such
active competition that consolidation of the
carriers would result for mutual protection.
The board was engaged in the task of equaliz
ing the rates of the Southern Pacific Company
and correcting discrimination in grain rates
when enjoined by tbe Circuit Court.
The board has been unable to furnish a com
plete statistical report herewith, as the more
important railroad corporations delayed the
commission by failiug to give the required
data, and that which was on file ia at present
being used in the Circuit Court. The biennial
report of the commission will contain the
proper statistical Information.
JUVENILE BEGGARS.
Arrest of the Parents, Mho Own Paying
I'roperty.
Mary I.arsen. wife of Severein Larson, 1922
Filbert street, was arrested at 5 o'clock yester
day afternoon on a charge of compelling her
children to beg. The children— two girls, Ketta
and Gertrude— are of tender age.
The father ia a longshoreman and owns two
houses on 1-i.bert street, from which he colleutt
monthly rentals. The family lives in the rear
of one o't them nnd the tenant iv the front part
pa rIT a month.
flic mother admitted the charge. Larsen
pere will be nrrested to-day.
Looking for Security.
Tbe Sather Banking Company ia suing the
Eagle Automatic Can Company and the Pacific
Sheet Metal Company Sor $137,799, the amount
of money loaned. The Joan was supposed to
be secured by the property of thecancompany,
valued at $ 19 0,000, but in the meantime the
can company and the Sheet Metal Coinpttny
consoliduteU, and now the bank is suing to
have the new concern secure the debts due tlie
bank.
The Ferry D«pot Stone.-
The suit of James Martin to compel the
Harbor CommisMoners to use Oregon stone
instead of Colusa stone in tbe new lerry depot,
came before Judge Slack for argumeut on
demurrer yesterday afternoon. The question
rniM-il was whether or not the Commissioners
can change ppeciticat ions. The case was sub
mitted, and the decision on demurrer will
decide the cast 1 .
Cut With a Penknife.
Henry Revaiu, a newsboy, was brought to
the Receiving Hospital yesterday afternoon
suffering from o flesn wound in the back. The
injury was inflicted by a penknife in tbe bands
of another newsboy, colored, natned Howard.
A dtscaaaion ever the M*rket-street transfer
system brought oa the assault.
FUNDING BILL DENOUNCED
An Interesting Meeting Held
Last Night by the Local
Labor Council.
Vice-president Burn 3 Tendered His
Resignation, but the Union Did
Not Accept It.
The Labor Council of San Francisco
came to order last night at llf>9 Mission
street, with Vice-President Burns in the
chair. The minutes of the former meeting
were read and approved, when the new
matter incident to the meeting came up.
A communication from Henry White,
general secretary of the United Garment
Workers of America, was read, stating
that J. Goodman had been duly appointed
to act as organizer for that body tor San
Francisco and vicinity.
A communication from the Journeymen
Tailors' Union of San Francisco indorsing
the proposed amendment to article 13 of
the consitution was read and referred to
the committee on laws and legislation.
A telegram from J. E. Fitzgerald of
Kansas City to William Zahn made known
that thers was a strlte at the Armour
Packing Company and that tbe boycott
had been indorsed. It was stated that
further particulars would be written im
mediately.
Committee reports were then read.
Most of them reported that everything
was satisfactory. But Delegate Hoeber
from the Typographical Union said that
he could not repoit things as being in
good condition, as he understood that two
more linotype machines had been lately
ordered in this City. He did not care to
say by whom, he said, for politic reasons.
The executive committee brought in the
following report :
Whereas, Tlie efforts of C. P. Huntington to
have the notorious refunding bill passed
through Congress against the wishes and In
terests of the c-Htire United States in general
and the Pacific Coast in particular; and
whereas, the passage of the fundine bill
would be disastrous to the welfare of California
and encourage the Southern Pacific Compwiy
of Kentucky in Us outrageous treatment of
the citizens of this State; therefore be it
Jicsolveti. That the .-an t'rancisco Labor Coun
cil, in regulur session assembled, denounce
the refunding bill as a measure detrimental to
the progress of California and opposed to the
interests of the entire country; and be it
further
Baolved, That the representatives of Cali
fornia in Congress be requested to do all in
ti:>ir power to defeat the passage ot this
notorious steal. \\ . MrAKTHt'E (chairman),
J. \Y ALTERS,
T.F. Burns,
AI.EX MILAR,
Kxeeutive Committee.
The chair announced that ttiere were
two vacancies in the executive committee.
Delegate Hill of tlie Pattern Makers' Union
and Delegate Walters of the Brewery
men's Union were elected by acclamation.
Delnias of the Cooper's Union was elected
to lili a vacancy on the organizing and
visiting committee.
T. F. Burns handed in his resignation
as Vice-President and member of the or
ganizing committee. Warm discussion
was evoked by thi3 movement, and when
a vote was taken the resignation was not
accepted. Burns did not insist and there
fore will retain his position.
The union then went into executive
session.
German Theater Opening.
The first summr-r society drama and sin<»prs'
evening of the Ueutsches Yolks Theater. 323
Turk street, will be given to-morrow evening,
under the direction ol Hert Hans Veroni. It
will also be the fir-it appearance ot Frauleln
Knthnrina Kritg of the Carola Theater,
betosic. "Dei Verflixte Hund"— a teqriel to
a dcs show — will be presented by the follovt Ing
1 tat; Friedrich L#nge, Kaul'inaun, Ch. A.
Sihw ickratli ; Loolae, 'lessen Krau, Kathsri: a
Kriep; Meter, Ktmmersienrath, Hans Veroai;
( ifkar, desaen Boltn, Sekumlauer, Josie I. a Fon
taine; August, Hdu«knecht; Jette, btub«n
madchen (In Lange'a Dlensten), Alb.
Fisi/her, Emmy Meyer; Bebnell, Kommisionar,
Fritz Hmnaer; tin Mfnstmann, Amandus
BeUeif; Regie, Han* Veroni.
«. — «. — »
The Valley Koud Across the Merced.
The work of laying the track on the Valley
road from the Merced River to the town oi
Merced, about thirteen miles distant, will be
gin to-day, the river having been bridged yes
terday. All the grading to Merctd has D*een
piactirally completed, and the v.ork of laying
the rail* will, in consequence, go rapidly for
ward. The road will probably be ready for
traffic between Stockton and Merced iv auout
a mouth.
ESCAPED FROM CHILE
The Dangerous Adventure of De
tective W. M. Lugg.
Compelled to Ci^css tbe Mountains on
Muleback— Sick During
the Journey.
From the Examiner, San Francisco, Cal.
Four years ago. at tne time of the trouble be
tween the United States and Chile, as a result
of the killing of the sailors of the U. S. S. Balti
more, in the street? of a Chilean city, many
Americans were obliged to leave the country
for safety. Among them was W. M. Lugg. the
private detective and collector, whose office is
• in the Crocker building, San Francisco, Cal.
When Mr. Lugg left Chile he went across the
mountains into Argentina, traveling on mule
back.
Mr. Lugg says that the trip is a delightful
one in point of beautiiul scenery and perfect
weather, but many people dislike to under
take it on account of the unhealthful stagnant
water which they are compelled to drink along
tbe way. Many persons have been stricken
down with disease from having drunk of it,
and in a number of eases the attacks have
proven fatal. The native Chileans drink the
water without injury to their systems, but it
has a bad effect upon those who' are not used
to it.
•I fell victim to the injurious qualities of
the water," said Mr. Lugg. It affected my
kidneys to an alarming degree. . When I got
over into Argentina I thought the trouble
would gradually leave me, hut instead of that
it grew more aggravated and I suffered ter
ribly from pains iv the region of my kid
neys. I was en route to Chicago, and I
determined to reach my destination before the
complaint should grow so serious as to confine
me to my bed. Upon reaching Chicago I at
once consulted a physician, who told me my
kidneys had been affected by drinking pol
luted water. He treated me for Rome time for
that complaint, out I grew steadily worse and
new ailments were added to my already seri
ous condition. I began to have neuralgic
pains in my head, my spine was affected with
shooting pains and I had no control over the
urinary organs. It was next to impossible for
me to get any sleep. I lay awake many a
night suffering the most intense pains, and
the physician unable to relieve them.
••But relief came at last. One day one of my
friends came to my room and handed me a box
of Williams' Pink Pills. Of course I laughed
at him for daring to think tnat any patent
medicine could aid me when my phisiclun had
failed. I took the pills however, to oblige
my friend more than for any faith I. had in
them, and I was treated to the most joyous
surprise of my life when I realized that I was
being relieved of my pains. First, the peculiar
pains along my spine ceased, and then my new
ralgic trouble began to grow less and finally
left me entirely. It took a good while to im
prove the condition of my kidneys, but after I
hud taken r. number of boxes of tha pills I
knew that they had done their work success
fully, for then I had regained control of the
urinary organs and the action of my kidneys
was strong and steady.
"When I thought I was out of all danger I
quit taking the pills. The relief they had
afforded was permanent, however, and I hare
never since fella recurrence of the complaints.
1 hardly know how to praise Williams' I'ink
Pills as they should be praised. They cer
tainly are a wonderful preparation. I* have
recommended them to a number of my friends
who were suffering from kidney complaints,
and they have all been benefited by their use."
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills contain all the
elements necessary to glv« new life and rich
ness to the Dlood and restore shattered nerves.
They arc for sale by all druggists, or may be
had by mail from Dr. Williams' Medicine Com
pany, Schenectady, N. V., for 50 cents per box,
or six i>oxcs for £- 50.
NEW TO-DAT-DRT GOODS.
OF
. ■ •-.r.- ; -- '-'■ •-■-■ •
LADIES'
MDSLIN UNDERWEAR!
We take pleasure in inviting the attention of Saturday buyers
I to some of THE MOST ASTOUNDING BARGAINS EVER OFFERED
! IN LADIES' riUSLIN UNDERWEAR which, as the result of a spe-
cial spot cash purchase at a tremendous discount from regular cost,
we are enabled to place before our patrons
AT ABOUT HALF PRICE TO-DAY!
At, 25 Cents.
I 100 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, heavy muslin, finished with tucks and
embroidery, regular price 50c, will be closed out at 25c.
-A.t SO Cents.
75 dozen LADIES' MUSLIN DRAWERS, finished with insertion and ruffle of em-
broidery, regular price 75c and $1, will be offered at 50c
At 35 Cents.
70 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, yoke of fine tucking, heavy muslin, regular price 50c,
will be offered at 2>c.
At 5O Cents.
60 dozen LADIES' CHEMISES, made of Wamsutta muslin, yoke of embroidery, reg-
ular price 75c and $1, will be closed out at 50c. £r> v v
A.t 35 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of heavy muslin, tucked yoke, will be offered at 35c
At 5O Cents. .
40 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, Pride of the West muslin, finished with tucks and em-
broidery, regular price 75c and $1, will be offered at 50c.
At 75 Cents.
; 30 dozen LADIES' GOWNS, made of Wamsutta muslin, yoke of fine tucks, finished
with fine embroidery, regular price $1 25 and $1 50. will be offered at 75c.
.A.t $J5 1 .CZSCZ3
20 dozen LADIES' FINE MUSLIN GOWNS, round yoke of inserting and tucks, neck
and sleeves finished with embroidery, regular price |1 75 and $2, will be offered at $1.
/ M/jjP**^ MURPHY BUILDING) /
(/(/ larbt Strom, comer of Jones, /
RAILROAD TR AVEL. __^
BIG REDICTIof RATES BY RAIL
T0....
P Qi^r^AjXTJP. OR.
MONDAY.... ...MAY IS
And Every Fifth Day Thereafter.
Leave from S. P. Co.'s Ferry landing, foo:
of Market St., at 8 p. m.
OH fl— Including Berth in Pullman Tour-
gOiUU isi Sleeper.
....ALSO....
. First-class tickets, including berth In ClfT A. OO
rnllman Standard Sleeper. «!DJLv/
SPECIAL NOTICE-
This train will no: stop to deliver or take on pa>»-
I gangers at intermediate stations, nor will tickets be
i sold or baggage checked to such points.
tjjgf' Through Ticket* for Puget Sound
point* on Sal* at Reduced Kate*.
For further information apply at
613 MARKET aTKEET (Grand Hotel
Ticket Oflice), ban Francisco.
, RICHAKI' v.. ,».., i r H. GOODMAN.
Gen. Traffic Mgr. Gen. Pass. Agt.
I ~~ "
KOCTIIKItX l\< II <(»'IIM\V.
' ' (PACIFIC SVSTEiI.)
Trull! leave nml .-hi- clue (o arrive at
*V  . NAN FKANI'ISCO.
leave — From Mat 3. 1806. — arrivb
; *6:»Oa Niles, San Jose and Way Stations... 8:45 a
7:OOa Atlantis Kipress, (Mm and V.ast.. 8:45r
, 7»00a Uenicia, VacaviUe. Kuir.sey. Sacra-
mento, and Redding via Itevis.... 6:43p
7:00.i Martir.cz, San Ramon, l.*apa, Calis-
toja and Santa liosa, 6:13p
Bj3oa BUe*. Man Jose;. Stockton, lone.
Sacramento, Slarysville. Jie<l Uinlf
ami Sundays excepted OroTille.... 4:1 ftp
•8:30 a Peters and Milton *7:13r
9:OOa ix* Angeles Express, Fresno, Santa
Barbara and l.os Angeles 4:1."5p
0:00 a Martinez and Stockton IStl.Vv
W:O©A Vallejo 6:lop
l:OOi> Kiles, tan Jose and I.ivcrmcre »:15a
*I:OOr Sacramento Kiver Steamers •!>:t»(»p
tls3OpPoit Costa and Way Stations i":4Sr
4:OOr Martinez, San llamon. Vallejn.
Kapa, Oalistoga, El Verauo and.
fSaut.i Kosa 9:13 a
«s««P Bcnicia, Vscaville, Woodland,
Knights Lamliug, Maryaville,
Orovillo and BMRMMDto 10:45 a
• 4:50r Kilts, San Jose, livermoro and
Stockton 7:1.1p
*!*©* Mercod. Bereada, Raymond (for
YoEcniite) and Fresno 11:15 a
•'•Wf 2Tow Orleans Kxprccj.Krcsiio.Bakers-
; ~Xi (lelil, Santa n.iiltara.J,os Angeles,
r-j Oeniinp, El rsiso, Oilsans and
East 10:13 a
BiOOp Santa I'o Konte, Atlantic Express
for MojiTe ami East 10:15 a
Vallejo 11:43 a
•.-OWrr.uropcau Mail. Ogilen and Most.... O:I5a
B:oopllayi\anl3, Niks tuul San Jose 7:15 a
}7:9Oi> Vallejo 17:43p
7:00 i" Orcgou Express, S'aeran.ento, Marys-
\ille. Raiding, rottlaud, l':ij;et
Sound ami East 10:48 a
SANTA <,'!»)/ DIVISION (Narrow Haurei. ■
1,7:43 a Santa Crust Excursion, Banta Crnz
and Fricdpsl Tray Stations I»:«5p
•:13a NewarW.Centerville.Kuii.lose.Feltou,
Boulder Crcck.Saula Cruz and Way
stations SsSer
*Stl3p Newark. Centerrille, San Jose. New
Ahnailt'ii, l'elton, lionUlcr Creek,
.Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MltaaA
4:13p No war*. IS:in.lc*» end l.m Calm 9:.1« a
COAST IHVISh7n (lliir.l A louiispikl Mi.)
•6:43 a tjau Jo.-o aw! Way Stations (New
Altn^drn Wednesdays only) »1:45r I
}7jS6a Sunday Excursion for Sau Jose,
H.mt-k , Cruz, Pacific Grore, and
I'lirciral Way Stations £9:35f
■:13a .!<>>.., Tre* linos, Santa Cruz,
l'ncilio <;rove, Paso I'oUc«, Sau
J.uis <>'>isi>o, Gnadaluiienml Prin-
cipal Way Stations 7:03p \
t»:47A Palo Alto aDd Way btitiocs t k :43p ,
! 10:40 a San Jose unit TVgj 5tati0n5... ...... 5:O«»p !
11:43 a Palo Alto ami Way Station* 3:30p :
•8:30r Jim Jose, Gllrr>7, Tres Pinos. Santa
Cruz, Salinas, Monterey and Pacilic
(Jroro ...; .". *I9:-:0a
*n:3op San Jose and Principal Way Stations U: S7a I
•4:SOr San Joso ami Way Stations *S:OQa I
.">::;:>p fiau. lose ami AVay Stations »H:J«*a
«::!<»!• San Joss anil Way Stations G:;S-"> a. '
til: lop Sen .lose and Way Stations t7»l3p i
' WAX liKAJintO AMU HAxWAKUS LOCAL.
<«<J:OOa1 ( 7:13 a
K:O«)a t»:MA
iSJSSa *•!'••*> Seminary Park, ™;|g*
a *:°°£ FitehbargjSaßLeandro *-:*§*
Sp « a ariip
*§§» Hamaraa. O;««p
7:00? n:ssp !
«:Cop i Buns through to KOaa. lo = -Or
ttll:lSpJ t From Niles. UtJ2:Oop
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
From SIS FP.iSCISCO— of H»rket Street iS'ia 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 A.M. {1:00 *2:33 »40
•1:03 t3:00 •6:C3r.M. •
From 01IUII>— Foot of Broadway.— "6-00 8-00
10:00 a.m. «2:00 »l:00 *2:00 *3:00 - «!c9
*S:OCr.n. : : ■
A for Morning. : P for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. . \ Saturdays only.
i... '. __' * Sundays only.
— it Monday. Tliuuday at'l Saturday nitlits only.
RATLROAB i TRAVEL!
ISMFRASCISCO&KORTHPI.
CMC RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry— Foot of Market St.
San Francisco to San Rafael.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a.m.; 12:33,
3:30, 6:10. 0:30 p.m. Thursdays— trill
at 11 :30 p.m. Saturdays— Extra' trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. M.
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. if.; 1:30, 3:3<JL
5:00, 6:20 P. it.
San Rafael to San Francisco.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IS, 7:50, 9:10, 11:10 a if •
12:45. 3:40, 5:10 p. M. Saturdays-Extra trip's
at 1:55 p.m. and 8:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 7:3S, 9:35, 11:10 A. M.; 1:40, 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schaetzea Park same
schedule as above.
San Francisco. I Ineffect San Arrive '
! San Francisco. | VT San Francisco.
Wkkk i Scs- | ue^fnation Srx- I Week
Days, i days, "winatton. DAYa . | Da ys.
7:30 am 1 7 -.SO ami Novato, 10:40 AMI 8:40 am
3:30 9:30 am I Petalmaa, 6:05 10:10 ah
5:10 Pit 5:00 pm Santa F.osa. 7:30 pm| 6:15 ?k
Fulton. "
7:30 am Windsor, 10:10 am
Healdsburg,
<;•■%>. TviUe,
3:30 tm 7:30 am| Cloverdale. 7:30 6:15
l'ietu,
7:30 am Hopland & 1 10:10 am
3:30 7:30 am Cbiah. 7:30 ; 6:15 pm
7:30 am 1 10:10 Alt
7:30 am Gnerneville. 7:30 rv!
3:30 PMj | ■ I 6:15 pm
~:.i) am 1 7:30 am (*onoraa 110:40 am I 8:40 ax
5:2 0 I'm; 5:00 I'm and : 6:05 i-m 0:15 pm
I ( Glen Ellen. | |
sus&ijsga, »*»w- regffrsigg
s-tiißt s connect at Santa lio*i for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Sknggs Springs- at
Cloyerdale for the Geysers; at Pleta for Hi«hlaud
Springs, Kelseyvllle, Soda Bay and l^kepcr:. • at
Hopland for Lakeport and Barrett Springs: at
Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Bluo
Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper La*e. I'omo, Totter
I Valley. Jonn Day's. Llerley's, Bncknell's, Sanhed-
/ln Heights. Gravelly Valley, Booneville. Green-
wood, orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Brace, Westport, Usal, Wlliets. Canto. Coveio,
Leyionvllle. Harris, Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at reduced
rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all noinu be-
yond San Kafael at half rates.
Ticket Office*. 650 Market St., Chronicle bnlldln*
H.C. WHITING, K.X.RYAN.
Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
Atlantic 1^
RAILROAD llll^iliii^
Trains leave from aad arrive W^ScSjisiffi^j
•4 Market-Street Ferry. '^ScScS^oVJTe^
SANTA FE EXPRESS
To Chicago via A. & P. D ' rec * V'" 9
Leaves every day at 5 P. M- carrying Pullman
F^ace steeper, and Tourist Sleeper* to CWcag.
via Kansas City without change. Annex can tot
Denver and St. Louis. j . ,-».r-r»
CHICAGO LIMITED,
From Los Angeles to Chicago.
Solid Vestibule Train Dally, with Dining-car*
ander Harvey's management. Connecting trains
leave San Francisco at 9 a. m. aDd 5 p. m. dally.
The best railway from California to the East.
New rails, new ties; no dust: Interesting scenery |
and good meals in Harvey's dining-room or dlnla*
■an.
Ticket Office— 644 Market Street,
Chronicle StUlOing. _
SOUTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
from San Francisco, Commencing March 29, 189 &
WEEKDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael — 7:00, •Boo
•9:16 10:15, 11:45. a. *.: *1:45. 3VZO, 4:15,
5:15. »B:00. d:35 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, W«dM»
oaya and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
___ SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael-«8:00, »9:00,
*10:00, 11:31) A. m.;*»IS:BJ. »1 :30, *2:15. »4:00 L
5:30, 6:45, 8:30 p.m. Extra trli* to Bauaalitoa«
11 :00 a. m.
Trains mark-ed • run to San Qnentln, ••12130
r. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
THROUGH TRAINS. '
1:45 p. m. weekdayo— Cazadero and way stations.
»:00 a. m. Sundays— Caraiero and way stations.
9:00 a. m. Sundays-Point Reyes as- >v»yiiaUonai
910
THE FIELD OF SPORT.
What the Oarsmen, Athletes and
Cyclists Are Doing.
Wheelman will "take in" the country
to-morrow. Several runs to points of in
terest are slatad, and it goes without say
intr that after a series of wet Sundays the
bikers will thoroughly enjoy a sun bath in
the rural districts.
Anglers have at last an opportunity to
enjoy real good sport on favorite trout
streams. Latest reports lrom the country
give very flattering result^.
The oarsmen are training hard for the
El Campo regatta. The lovers of coursing
can make their selections now between
two parks, both of which are within easy
reach of this City.
Sportsmen who delight to smash inani
mate targets are looking forward with
much interest to the Stockton tourna
ment. The target-punchers continue to
keep up a lively racket at the Sheil Mound
and San Rafael range". Handball, basket
ball, cricket and other sports are well
patronized.
THE WHEELMEN.
Interest Centers In the National
Circuit Meet This Afternoon.
CLDR KVKXTS TO-MOKROW.
Acme Club "Wheelmen— llun to Little
Lake Chabot.
Kay City Wheelmen — Run to Pota
-1 in a.
Camera Club Cyclist* — Run to the
park.
Crescent Road Club — Run to Nile-,
Canyon.
liberty Cycling Clvb — Century Run to
San Jose and return.
Olympic Club Wheelmen — Run to Lit
tle Lake Chabot.
Outing Road Clvb — Run to Redwood
City.
Reliance Club Wheelmen — Run to
Centerville.
San Francisco Road Club — Run to
Redwood City.
Another of the National circuit race
meetings is to be held to-day, and for the
first time in ban Francisco. The races
will be run both this afternoon and even
ing on the new six-lap board track in Cen
tral Park. The park will be lighted by
electricity at night, as to mase it almost
as bright as day. The entries for the dif
ferent events were published in The Call
Thursday and the programme was given
yesterday. The meet is, of course, under
the jurisdiction of the League of American
Wheelmen and officers and members of
that organization will officiate as timers,
judges, etc., and control the running of the
events.
Chief Consul Kerrigan of the North Cali
fornia Division, league of American
Wheelmen, announces the appointment of
James W. Cuff roth of the Olympic Cyclers
as chairman of the transportation commit
tee of this division, vice Horace P. How
ard, resigned. Mr. Howard also resigned
as the representative of the Bay Ciiy
Wheelmen on the board of otlicers, ami A.
J. Menne «a? appointed by that club to
fill the vacancy. Mr. Howard's resigna
tions were handed in because he found
tnat other bu?ines* would not permit him
to give to the league the attention which
he honestly felt the work deserved, and he
withdrew rather than retard the forward
movement in any way. His withdrawal j
was accepted by the boaid of ollicers with i
regret as he had pruven a very efficient 1
and popular cominitteeman.
The supply of league road books for I
California is abuut exhausted, there being
not more than len left. New ones will be
printed at once and will be sent to the
members upon request addressed to Stan
ley (i. Scovern, secretary-treasurer, L 590
Fulton street, City. The" new book will
contain one new map — of roads in Kern |
County. The touring board has nearly j
completed its work on the handbook, i
which will be out ot the printer's hands in i
a month, and will, like the road book, be i
sent to members free upon application to
the secretary-treasurer.
The Reliance Club Wheelmen of Oak- |
land will have a run to-morrow to Center- i
ville, under Captain Griffiths.
The Olympic Cyclers have reason to feel ;
proud of ti e splendid entertainment they j
save Thursday evening at Native Sons' \
Hall. It was a minstrel show, and in the j
first part such well-known performers took j
Dart as Bob Mitchell, Jack Cathcart, Alec j
Rosborough, Will Hynes, Tivoli Kreiing |
and Dunphy. Will Hallett was the inter- !
locutor, and carried his end admirably,
while Will Finnic, Will O'Brien arid
George Tarbox sang in their usual clever j
style. In the olio, or second part, Mi.is.
Cnariotte Parry, the celebrated mimic,
and the Nightons, premier athletes, now !
performing at the orpheum, shared the I
applause with Alfy yon Bendeleben of the
Garden City Cyclers, San Jose, and the
National Quartet. The audience must
have been delighted with the programme,
by the way they applauded it, and there
was surely not a dull number on it. The I
stage was managed cleverly by Charles F. j
Morel, who, with J. F. Coffey, J. W. Cof
froth, Charles O'Kane- and John Cooney,
arranged the affair. Dancing concluded
the evening's entertainment.
The Outing Road Club, which disbanded
about a year ago, many of the members
affiliating with the San Franciscos and
Imperials, has been reorganized with the
following officers: G. W. Stamper, presi
dent; E. Wookie, secretary-treasurer; F.
W. Davis, captain ; E. Oelrich, first lieu
tenant; E. Jordan, second lieutenant.
Clubrooms have been secured at 1219 Fill
more street, near Turk, and the club is
prospering. Next Sunday a run will be
called by Captain Davis for Redwood City.
Leonard Gill, captain of the Olympic j
Club, is arranging an immense outing for I
the outdoor athletes of the Olympic Club
at Souther Farm, near San Leandro, on
Sunday, May 24, to which the four big
wheeling clubs of this State will be in
vited, the Olympic Cyclers, Olympic Club
Wheelmen and Bay" City Wheelmen <>I
San Francisco and the Garden City Cyclers
of San Jooe. There is a quarter-mile
track on the farm on which many bicycle i
and athletic events will be run, and at
noon the party will lunch under shade
trees. About 300 are expected on the out
ing, and it is unlikely that any one who is
invited will fail to attend.
Tandem riding is becoming more popu
lar every day. Two years ago it was a
rare sight to see the double-seated
machines, but that time is past.
E. F. Petersen of tt>- Verein Eintracht
Cycling Club, generally known as the
Eintracht Cyclers, is known to be a j
speedy, determined rider, and in the club's
road events ne is always sure of a place.
He is first lieutenant of the club and never I
misses a run. His friends are anxious that |
he should take to the track and Relieve j
that he would make a good showing in
amateur events.
The National meet of the League of '
American Wheelmen will take place this '
year at Louisville in August, and from
this time on interested wheelmen will
watch for bulletins pertaining to arrange
ments now under way. It is intended to
make the event one ot gigantic propor
tions, and the principal feature will be the
competition of the fast riders in the cham
pionship events. The mile race is, of
course, the star event of the meet, and if
the proposition stoes through to permit
professionals and amateurs to meet in
championship races, so as to demonstrate
conclusively who the real champion of
America is "this race alone will be worth
going miles to see. The entire meet will
last a week, including three days' racing
and tours, theater parties, banquets, etc.,
without limit.
Dr. A. Morgan and wife of San Diego
will start on a tour to Santa Cruz awheel
in a few days and upon their return may
ride to Ran Diego if they conclude the roads
will ho in good condition.
K. If. Welch, member of the National
Racing Board In California, has issued his |
Bulletin No. 10, as follows:
San Francisco, May 15, 1896.
Sanctions granted— May 16, El Paso Robles
Cvde Club, Xl Paso Robles, Cal. ; May 16,
\Vi>odmau's Lodge, Dallas, Or.: May 3u, Santa I
Rosa Cycle lark Association. Santa Rosa, Cal.; !
July 4. Riverside Wheelmen, Riverside, Cal.; I
September 9, Santa Kosa Cycle lark Associa
tion, Santa Kosa, Cal.
Transferred to professional clasf— C. S.
Wlelß, San Francisco; Newton Ackerman, Peta
luma. Under clause A.
Suspensions terminated— Walter K.Jamison,
San Jose! A. R. McAb-e. San Jote.
The Grand Pacific Circuit will start about
midsummer and will continue inio the au
tumn, running through California, Utan, Mon
tana, Washington, Oregon ami Nevada. Ap
plications for dates thereon should be made to
the undersigned not later than June 15.
KM. W ilch.
Member National Racing Board.
»:lt is well that the difficulty between the
League of American Wheelmen and the
Amateur Athletic Union has been amica
bly adjusted. When two organizations of
this character get to quarreling it cannot
E. F. PETERSEN OF THK EINTRACUT CYCLERS.
[Fiom a photograph by BtuhnelL]
help but result di«advantageously to the i
sport. Whether Chairm&n Gideon of the
league racing board wa.s wrong or who i
was right in the affair, it was best to have
settled it by arbitration instead of making
a howling farce uut oi the matter. The .
L. A. W. and the A. A. U. should always
be on the best of terms.
It is to be wondered whether the in- i
vasioii uf Europe by American racing men
is relished by tne riders over there. With \
Tom Eck's aggregation already in the
field and the coming of the Steams team
the cracks of Europe must imagine that '
they will have to move to maintain their i
respective standings.
Captain Argenti has called a run of the I
Camera Club Cyclists lor to-morrow
through the driveways of the park. Mem
bers will meet at the Baker-street en
trance at 9 a. m. After having had
"quantum aumcit" of riding the members
will enjoy lunch at the invitation of Mr.
and Mrs. W. B. Webster at their residence,
4U» Lyon street. Catjtain Argenti is ar
ranging a run for Sunday, Way 31, to the
Kate Johnson ranch in Sonoma County.
The members made this trip last fall arid |
it was pronounced one of the best they
ever took.
It will be a rare treat to see once more
the familiar forms of the old professionals
and the latter-day class B riders meeting j
in the same events and with the same
earnest competition that characterized the i
spirit of their endeavors when all were •
pure(?j amateurs. If Wintlle, Zimmer- I
man, Taxis, Lumsden, Tuttle, W. P. Mur- |
phy and some other old-titiiers will show i
themselves, it will furnish great interest I
to see them competing with Bald. Gardi- i
ncr, Ziegler, Kiser, Wells, Cooper, Murphy j
and other celeorities who wore the crowns j
last year. Then le: Michael, the Welsh |
crack, and Johnny Johnson join the band,
and there would be racing worthy the j
name.
Captain Beattie has called a century run I
of the Liberty Cycling Club to San Jose
and return tor to-morrow, and it is ex
pected that a good many of the members
will make the 100-mile trip.
The metropolitan riding district in
cludes New York, Brooklyn and several
miles of outlying country in every direc
tion, and contains 155 wheeling clubs. Of
these New York has sixty-one and Brook
lyn forty-six. There are twenty-three
clubs in the California Associated Cycling
clubs, all within a radius of fifty miles of
San Fancisco. Note the difference.
Captain Pixley nas announced a run of
the San Francisco Road Club for to-mor
row to Redwood City, leaving the club
house on Goluen Gate avenue at 8:30 a. m.
Twenty- four members were added to the
League of American Wheelmen in this
Slate last week. About twenty-five" per
week is the average continual increase in
the membership. Are you a member?
If not send to the cycling editor of The
Call for particulars and application blank.
Ti:e initiation fee is $1 and annual dues
$1. Less than 2 cents a week it costs to
belong to the greatest athletic organiza
tion in the world.
Captain Plummer will lead the Bay City
Wheelmen on a run to Petaluma to-mor
row, taking the 8 o'clock boat for San
Rafa-1, via Sausalito. The roads are said
to be in excellent condition, and a fine
luncheon will await the members on their
arrival at their destination.
It is the desire ot President Elliott of
the League of American \Y heclmen to in
crease its membership to 100,000 during
1K96 and make it an organization that the
Legislature of every State will respect.
From the rapid growth of the past three
months it seems possible that this end will
be reached before the year is out.
At the last meeting of the Crescent Road
Ciub the following officers were elected:
George Thompson, president; James Con
lin, vice-president; A. Bear w aid, treas
urer; Louis Bearwald, secretary; A.
Simanoff, sergeant-at-arms; James Con
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
lin, captain; Harry Gunderson, first lieu
tenant: Joseph Leve, second lieutenant.
Captain Conlm has called his first club run
to Niles Canyon for to-morrow, leaving on
the 9 a. m. boat, and expect? a large fol
lowing.
To-morrow the Olympic Club Wheelmen
will enjoy the hosn'tality of the Acme
Club Wheelmen of Oakland in a joint run
to Little Lake Chabot. The Olympics will
cross the bay on the 8 o'clock creek route
boat and join the Acmes at the foot of
Broadway, Oakland. Spaldixg.
THE ANGLERS.
Latest Reports From Trout Streams.
The Carp as an Eye Destroyer.
Anglers whose patience has not been
exhausted by weeks of waiting and hoping
for better days and better fishing, may now
look forward with pleasure to the enjoy
ment of some real good sport.
It is true that the condition of the
streams has been such that ever since the
first day of the open season for trout fish
ing not a single favorable opportunity for
A K<xkl whip has presented itself. Constant
rainstorms, accompanied by cold winds
and late frosts, have kept the trout streams
in a wreiched condition, which, of course •
signified poor sport for the angler and an
abundance of food for the fishe9.
All things considered, it is probably bet
ter that trout-fishing will be late, as the
fingerlings of six weeks ago have grown
rapidly and are now of good size.
Yesterday a gentleman named Pollock
returned from Salmon Creek with a nice
basket of small steelheads ranging in size
from eight to twelve inches in length. He
paid that the water w.is yet too high for
first-class fly-fishing, but" with a week or
so of fine weather, as we are now enjoying
grand tishing will certainly result.
Reports from Paper-mill Creek are favor
able. The stream is rapidly assuming its
summer appearance, although rather high
yet for what may be called "just right"
lot Ily-iishine;.
Further inland the streams are in excel
lent trim and large catches oi trout have
been made during the week by anglers
who availed of the opportunity of the first
Whip of the season over clear water.
T.ie Sonoma Creek will not be at its best
untif the end of the month. Last Sunday
evening it rained in torrents, resulting in
a rise of about two feet in the stream. Yes
terday the water was slightly off color, but
as the stream is rapidly ciearint; some
fairly zood sport may be enjoyed by those
who will fish it to-morrow.
Charley Ohm, the veteran angler, who
is now a resident of Shellville. Sonoma
County, was in this City yesierduy. He
said that since the freshet -of Sunday last
larL'e echools of trout of about four to the
pound made their appearance in the
stream near Shellviile and that the ang
lers of the town have been enjoyine a
feast of sport. The newcomers from the
sea are as bright as a dollar and very
game. Mr. Ohm is of the opinion that the
fishes will remain in the brackish water
until the creek runs very low, when they
will depart for the cool waters of the bay.
Conversing on fishes and the very
worthless carp, the veteran angler related
an instance concerning the destructive
ness of the carp which will prove interest
ing to the readers of this department. Said
Mr. Ohm:
One day, while fishing: in a deep pool at the
mouth of the creek for large steelheads, 1 made
a novel discovery. The water was very clear
and low, but 1 knew that two large fish were
located in this particular pool. I tried roe,
shrimp, spoon and in fact everything I had in
my po-sesston thHt would teinDt a hungry fish,
but it was no go; they would not recognize the
sweetest of lures.
Well, 1 sat and soliloquized. You know, I
made up my mind to have those fishes, and I
did not propose to quit trying until night came
on. At last I hit upon "a think.'* I thought a
nice little chub would prove just about the
proper tiling to coax those "artful dodgers"
from their biding quarters, which was under
a pile of logs.
1 ringed lor chubs and cau?ht seven or eight
fat fellows. Now, then, for sport, thought I.
Once at,'Hin I visited Mr. Steelnead's late resi
dence, and impaling the fattest and chubbiest
of my chubs on a hook that had been tried and'
found perfect, (quietly dropped the little fish
down into that pool and waited patiently for
that "yank" which causes such funny leelings
to a feilow when it comes, becfeube it means a
battle royal, you know.
The little chub had scarcely reached the
bottom when 1 felt a nibble. 1 knew that it
wus not the tug of a stettlhead, but as the latter
sometimes bite very tenderly, I momentarily
expected to see the tip of niy rod go down. I
tinally grew tired of waiting and reeled in my
line. I was anxious to examine that chub and
ascertain what was the matter.
Well, you can imagine my Mirprise when, on
mukiug'an inspection, I discovered that the
chub had lost both of its eyes. I was puzzled,
to say the least, but I made up my mind to
ascertain the cause of this strange occurrence.
I tried a second chub with exactly the same
result— both eyes had gone. The third chub
went down into the deep water, but instead of
allowing it to remain near the bottom, I
gradually brought it toward the surface, and
you can imagine my surprise when I saw a
carp, probably t'onr pounds in weight, follow
ing the chub, which he finally seized when
within a few feet of the suriace.
1 watched proceedings with much interest.
The carp sucked in the heud of the chub only,
and in a few seconds Mr. Carp let go its hold
on the little fish and departed for the deep.
The mystery was solved, and I now have
arrived at the conclusion that hundreds of
small trout are treated in like manner by those
worthless invaders of our streams and lake*.
There is no wav of exterminating them, tut
those who introduced this "beautiful German
fish" into this country should be exterminated.
They will ruin the fishing of any stream they
happen into.
Anglers who are looking for a good
afternoon's trout- tishing should not fail to
take advantage of the very cheap excur
sion that will be run from thi s City to
morrow to Pietn, Hopland and Ukiah
under the supervision of J. B. Locke. The
ronnd-tr:p ticket will cost $2 only, and for
this small sum anglers can rest assured of
tilling their baskHs with beautiful trout.
The train connecting with the 7:30 a.m.
boat from this City at Tiburon will not
stop until it arrives at I'ieta, which place
is only a short distance from Pieta Creek,
the most prolific of trout streams of this
coast. Five hours of fishing can be en
joyed, and any man who cannot succeed
in ling his creel in that time should cer
tainly conclude that he had never been
cutout fora trout fisherman. There are
other good trout streams near Hopland
which can be well fished before the time
for leaving.
first-class trout-fishing is reported from
\\ arm Sprine Creole, near Skaggs Springs.
i.. T. Allen of 416 Market street received
a dozen beautiful rainbow trout last Tues
day from J. R. Edson of Beswick. The
nsh were caught in the Klamath River by
Fred Calkins, and the smallest of the
number scaled 1% pounds.
Deputy Fish Commissioners Wilson and
cross returned yesterday from San Diego.
They caught a splendid assortment of
fishes in Lake Cuyamaca, consisting of
large-mouth black bass, yellow perch and
green sunfish. At Gosi.en the deputies
gave the Visalia Sportsmen's Club some of
the bass, which have been placed in
lulare Lake. At Modesto some cans con
taining bass and perch were given in
charge of sportsmen, who immediately
shipped the fishes to their destination—
Tuolumne River. The balance of the col
lection will bo placed in the Sacramento
River near Vina.
J. N. Creighton and T. Turn bull fished
the La Honda last Sunday with good suc
cess. The anglers caught 110 trout, which
averaged in size about eight inches. They
report that the stream was rather high for
fly fishing.
Louis Rondeau and a friend had "fairly
good success on Sonoma Creek last Sun
day. They reported that the river is yet
too high and that the fishes have an abun
dance of food.
John Gallagher, the champion trout
fisherman of Oakland, left last Monday
for a three weeks' outing on the streams
north of Ukiah. Mr. Gallagher is a thor
ough disciple of Walton.
James Orndorff, Charley Green and Wil
liam Brown will leave in a lew days for a
week's trout fishing near Fort Bragg.
Orndorff has promised everybody trout,
and his word has never been doubted.
The following article appeared recently
in the New York Sun on the latest styles
and prices of angl-.rs' rods:
The swell angler has a split bamboo rod of
the latest style, fancifully wound with the tip
thicker in proportion to the middle joint, and
the butt thinuer in like proportion than in
years gone by. It is the most delicate rod man
knows how to make, weighing anywhere from
three and one-half ounces up to eight or nine
ounces.and is from seven to nine feet long. The
rod most favored by fishermen weighs from
six to seven ounces, is nine feet long, fairly
stiff, so that long-range fly-casting may
be comfortably accomplished and quick
strides possible. With this kind of rod
any size trout can be landed with
flies or light bait— grasshoppers, ancle
worms, or minnows an Inch and i> half long
But for heavy bait fishing with large minnows
or shiners a special bait rod is made, consid
erably heavier, with the reel seat above in
stead of below the rubber-composition handle.
The less stylish fisherman has a Urge variety
of rods and other tackle to select from . He
can get a poor split bamboo rod for from $1 to
*5, or a fine wood rod for from f8 to 96. He
can get a substantial jointed roil, more
properly a pole, for 50 to 75 cents. The reel is
an important part of the fisherman's outfit.
On it depends much of his success. The regu
lation trout reel holus from SO to 50 yards of
letter Q line, with or without * balance
handles; a good click that can be set is more
than usefui. A reel that has been on
the market long enough to be pretty well
tested seems to have rilled a long-aching void.
This reel clicks only when the line is pulled
off. When winding it up it runs as freely as a
free running reel. It is a toy that is capable
of good business, and those who have had
their lines tangled by overrunning will appre
ciate what this means, as with this reel such a
catasthrophe is not possible. Multiplying
reels are little used in trout fishing by experts,
these reels being for heavier fishing or. bait
Casting, and the dealers all recommend a sin
gle action reel without balance handle as the
best for trout fly-fishing. The reel with a
spring in its make-ui'. which winds up
the line itself by the movement of a spring
drag, is used by a good many fisherman In
preference toother reels, but some could not
be hired to use it, it being a matter of choice
as to what breeds the most fun.
RIFLE AND PISTOL.
The Columbia Target, a Home Prod
uc', Favorably Received.
The voting contest among riflemen as to
j which of the three principal targets now
• in use on the ranges should be accepted
j as the standard for American marksmen j
; is attracting much interest all over th^
United States. The targets receiving the
I most attention are the Columbia target,
I with its inch center and half-inch circles,
I the Standard American and the oid Ger
' man 25-nng target with three-quar'er-ii'ch i
I lines. In the East dozens of clubs have j
j sent their votes to Sbootiag and Pishing!
in favor of the Columbia target, which was j
originated Ly Fred O. Young of San Fran- j
Cisco. Mr. Young is well known to rifle:
l and pistol marks'iion all over the world !
I not only as an expert shot, but as an au
| thority upon such matters. When he in
j troduced his target it met with a few Qbjec-
I tions, but principally by men who had !
j some motive for doing so other than a de- I
j sire to secure a perfect tareet. T'»ese ob- j
! jections have all been met and exi>lana- j
J tions of the principles involved given to
| those who did not nt first see the simplic
ity of the new target.
All of the best shots in the East have
given the California product their unquali
fied approval, as may be judeed by extracts
from the'r letters upon the subject. H. M.
NEW TO-DAT.
HtKUi
As far as the eye can reach no limit or bound to the
resources of the --old-line butchers exists, hence no jaded or
inferior stock is foisted by them upon an unsuspecting public.
It is sold, too, at prices that defy competition when quality is
considered. Patronizing the butchers who have helped build
up this Western country to the proud position it occupies
means protection to yourself. It means not only the protection
of vast business resources, but the maintenance of healthy
competition. The woman makes no wild guess who supports
home industry in opposition to the invasion of foreign monopoly
i\!L Mc ;l^ OTI " S* SOLOM ' Grand Central Market, Market Street,
.MARK STROM, Bay City Market, 1138 to 1146 near Sixth.
irn^^W i' ™ «ii §«1 • KATZ&SMS. Stalls Mto 100, California Market.
S™; B fL? CO. 246 Six h Street. or JOHX HAVDES, 124; Sinth Street. 525 Seventh street.
HAMMOSD & KRO., Justice Market, 33 and 3d Fourth SCBRADER BROS.,; City Hall Market, 1342-1344 Market
■■Street street. .
Pope, who makes the famous Pope rifle,
says:
The great advantage of Mr. Young's target is
that oue can at once tell how far one is from
the center. • • • I fail to see why the poor
shooter needs a large target. One feature of
the Columbia I think has been overlooked,
I and is favorable to the poor .shooter. Amiss
cannot Im; scored an 0, but must be some num
ber higher than the largest ring— say -JB. Now,
if the target be just twenty-eight inches in di
ameter it is impossible to say just how farout a
shot might be, and to give the shooter the
benefit of the doubt it would have to be scored
2s, while it might be much worse. This is an
argument in favor of the Columbia for poor
shooters. • • • I will close this ramblimj
letter by once more hoping that all shooters
wi.l unite on the choice of the Columbia tar
get, which hah more good points than all
others put together. H. M. Pope.
Another well-known marksman, who
signs himself "M," writes: "The Colum
bia target is the best one that has been
brought out, I think. It is simple and
plain, and can be used at any distance
from twenty-rive to 200 yards without
change."
E. J. Darlington of Wilmington, Del., is
one of the best pistol shota in the United
states, and under the dat« of May 5 he
wrote to Mr. Young as follows:
I look forward to infinite success in your at
tempt to introduce the new Columbia target.
* * * I have given it a fair trial, uud I must
say it is entirely satisfactory. I shot about lf>o
shots on it, and made some scores that com
pare favorably with scores made at your
range. My last score last Saturday was 2, 3, 1,
0. 7, ii, 4, 4, 1, 4— 3 c!, with the pistol at tifty
yards.
Mr. Darlington in another score on the
same day made 1, 4, 4, 4, 3, \ 3, 3, ."», 5— 33.
This closely presses upon the remarkable
score of A. B. Dorrell of the Columbia
Pistol und Rifie Club last Sunday at Shell
Mound, when he made 30 iv ten consecu
tive shots. All of these scores were made
on the Columbia target, the popularity of
which is spreading on this coast. The
Mount Eden Ciub in Alameda County, of
which H. Hesse is the president, has fully
indorsed it. So nas the Chico Rifie Club.
Charles liurrell of Arcata on the 10th sent
the following to Mr. Young:
I have this day mailed a vote in favor of
your target in shooting and Fishing contain
ing the names of all members of our club now
here.
The San Francisco Schuetzen Verein is
preparing for a grand tune at it? thirty
seventh annual May festival, which will
be held next Sunday and Monday at Shell
Mouna Park. Over $400 in cash prizes for
the best centers, the most points and other
I -attires. The prizes will run from $25 to
$2. On Monday tnere will be eagle shoot
inn including the King prize.
AI. J. White.
CRICKET CHIRPS.
The Came In Australia, England
and at Home.
The revival of the cricket season, com
menced in California, has become univer
sal, and the indications for a notable year
are everywhere present.
While the flower of their talent is pre
paring to win laurels in the old country,
the Australians are still active on the
home grounds. The annual match be
tween Victoria and New South Wales took
place last mouth. The result at the end of
the s*cond day — the latest report to hand —
wni in favor of Victoria by four wickets
and 73 runs.
The M. C. C. (Australian) played St.
Peter's College at Adelaide and were vic
torious by 58 runs.
From En.: I ami comes quite a laTge
budget of news, chiefly of colt events, the
big matches being yet in preparation. In
the Cambridge University freshmen's
match, some excellent talent was brought
to light. (1. L. Jessop made 103 in splen
did form, and bowled five wickets for 40
runs.
In the Surrey County trial match of the
first twelve against the next sixteen,
played at the Oval on the lid inst., tae
next sixteen put up 251 runs against first
class bowling.
The Australian team landed'at Tilbury
on the 27th of April from the Orient liner
Cu7co. As iv former years, they have
made their headquarters the Lavistock
Hotel, Covent Garden. They at once com
menced to practice at Mitcham Green.
Only one association cup match is sched
uled for to-morrow, viz. : the Alamedas vs.
I'acitics at the Webster-«treet grounds,
though the California team is to meet the
San Jose men at San Jose.
it is rumored that the all-round crick
i eter, W. N. Griffiths, will shortly return
from England and rejoin his old club, the
Pacific. This would be a godsenu for that
team. Umpire.
THE OARSMEN.
Crews That Are Anxious and Ready
for the El Campo Resratta.
The members of the South End Boat
Cluh are working hard to make their re
gatta at El Umpo on Decoration day a
brilliant success. They are already under
big expense for advertising the affair, but
as there seem.- to be no lull in the interest
inani tested in the event, it is safe to pre
dict that their efforts will be crowned with
success.
The oarsmen are sigog with interest over
the regatta, and a deal of mii-cle is being
developed by them for the contest. The
majority of the entrants are already in
good condition. Having been in training
lor the past month, but some added at
tractions to the programme have just been
made and the new men will have to make
the most of their limited time to condi
tion themselves.
The attractions, in addition to the junior
and senior four-oared barge races, the out
rigger skiff and single»scull races, will be
a special race between three four-oared
crews organized from among members of
the League of the Cross Cadets. A pro
fessional exhibition race is also down on
the programme.
There will be six amateur races in all,
a senior and junior barge race, senior and
junior outrigger skiff event, and senior and
junior sinclt-scull race.
The entries for the different events are
fast comma: in and by to-morrow the list
will be closed. Each race will have three
or four or more entries, and in the junior
four-oared barce event eight crews will
line up— tue Ariels, South Ends, Dolphins,
Olympics, Stockton Athletic Association.
St." Mary's College. San Francisco Athletic
Club, and probably the Pioneer Club will
enter a crew.
P. Duplissea, W. McCausland and J.
Coughlin are training like "Trojans" for
the senior single-scuil event.
A special trophy will be given the win
ner of the League of the Cross Cadets'
race. The boys'are now in active training
I from the South End boathouse. The
crews represent the companiea of St. Pat
rick's, Mission Dolores aud St. Theresa's
parishes.
The San Francisco Athletic Club has
never before participated in a boat race,
but will certainly make their rowing prow
j ess known in the approaching regatta.
In the senior four-oared barge race they
will enter the following crew: T. Barry,
bow and captain; D. Cambell, forward
waist; F. Smith, afterwaist: George Bates,
stroke: George McDermott, cockswain.
This crew was only beaten by two lengths
by the crack South End crew in a three
mile race not long ago, and intend to turn
the tables this time.
The club's captain, P. Conroy, will hare
a junior crew in the Be)d. oomposed en
tirely ol lightweight boxers. Their main
ambition will be to defeat tiie Olympic
Club's crew.
The personnel of tne Ariel Club's junior
crew is: J. Monti, bow and captain; A.
Racouillat, forward waist; J. Hockmau,
after waist; N. J. Prendergast, stroke, and
E. Wilson, coxswain.
The Olympic Club junior crew is im
proving wonderfully.
To-morrow the Pioneer Boat Club will
rendezvous in a boay at Goat Island. They
will leave the boathouse at 9 o'clock.
THE BOXERS.
Pugilists Who Are Training for the
June Tournaments.
The National Athletic Club will give its I
next hstic entertainment in June. The '
programme includes four ten-round bouts
between boxers of established reputation. '
The men who will meet within the ropes
are now stationed at their respective train- j
ing stations and going through the regular j
formula of exercise. The evening's enter
tainment promises to be particularly in
teresting, as Sharkey will be up against a
man on this occasion who will certainly
bring out the real fighting qualities of the
sailor.
Some of the wise men who generally
make wronc predictions say that Sharkey
will find in Williams an easy game, but
unless the latter has fallen away, that is
physically, he should be just the man
who will fight every inch of the ground
with "the coming" champion and make
the sport while it lasts very interesting to
witness.
The pugilipts who are matched to box
at the National Club will not appear at
the Palace festival as announced. In fact
the only bout so far assured will be be
tween Hawkins and Zeigler, and as the
latter is much larger and heavier than the
clever Californian, it should certainly be
no feather in Zeigler's cap to whip Haw
kins in a few rounds.
It is the general opinion, however, that
Zeider will not overtax his energies, and
that the spectators wil! witness the cus
tomary "draw." Hawkins is still nursing j
a sore hand.
The Acme Athletic Club of Oakland will
give a championship boxing to'irnament
on Tuesday evening next. Superintend
ent Van Court predicts one of the most
interesting entertainments that have been
given by the club in years.
HANDBALL.
Champion John Jones Writes That
He Will Soon Return to America.
Since Jack Riordan won the champion
ship of the coast from Harlow the latter is
said to have fallen away five pounds in
flesh. Harlow was sanguine of defeating
Riordau, and he now is of the opinion
that if Riordan had not used handballs
raade expressly for himself and by him
self the game would have resulted
differently.
The aspirant for championship honors
is not satisfied with his defeat and prays
for a return match, which Champion Jack
will probably give him in the near future.
Phil Ryan received a letter from John
Jones a few days ago in which the writer
says that business is very dull in Austra
lia, and that it will not be very long when
he (Jones) will be once again among his
American friends.
The games for to-morrow at Ryan's
court are:
W. Molloy and J. Costello to play M. Mc-
Carthy imd F. Sullivan; M. McNeil and W.
M tin ion to play P. Ryan aud C McDonald; J.
Nelson and J. Slattery to play P. Kelly and P.
ilutchinson: Al Pennoyer and J.Kearney to
nlay D. Connolly and G. Hutchinson; J. Rior
diin, the coast champion, and J. Lawless to
play P. Donnelly, the amateur champion, and
T. F. Bonnet.
♦
Basket-Ball.
Before a large and enthusiastic audi
ence the Rushers proved their right re- I
cently to the title of champions of the
Pacific Coast by defeating the crack Oak
land Y. M. C. A. team by a score of 5 to 4
in the second game of a series of five. The
Oaklands played a strong uphill game,
and in J. Lancaster, middle center, have
one of the best players on the coast, Two
halves of twenty minutes each, with ten
minutes' rest, were played. The following
officiated: J. Ever^ine, referee; E.Gor
man and P. Brock, umpires; A. Arm
strong, scorer; W. Hassell, timer. It is
the intention of the manager of the cham
pions, Fred T. Shaw, to arrange exhibition
games with the various other teams, at
which the public will be cordially invited
to attend. See further announcements as
regards same.
Coursing:.
The drawing for to-morrow's coursing
at Casserly & Kerrigan's Ocean View Park
took place at Pythian Castle on Thursday
evening and was attended by a large num
ber of leashmen. Thirty-two high-class
dogs at $1 50 each were entered, and a good
day's sport is expected.
The paddocks at Ocean View Park now
contain several hundred bares that have
been undisturbed for three weeks and
should be in good running trim. The
drawing was as follows:
J. O'Shca's Active, vs. P. Litter's Abbey Loss,
I). Murphy's Fireman vs. M. Walsh's Bel
linger, C. Evans' Dashaway vs. E. O'Brien'a
MEW TO-PAT.' ..
LOOK OUT
FOR IT.
Buy a wheel of manufacturer
who MAKES all the parts and
has them on hand. Otherwise,
the man who has your money
may be " full of regrets," but
empty as to what you want,
jfc.^ FIRST PAYMENT &g PER WEEK
This offer applies only to residents of San Francisco,
Oakland, Berkeley and Alameda — — ■
OAKLAND AGENCY, »O1 »AM P»«LO *
Catalog and Application Blank Frm
INDIANA BICYCLE CO.
J. S. CONWELL, Manager
18 & 20 McAllister St., SAN FRANCISCO.
Bargains
—IN
Bicycles.
and BICYCLE
SUPPLIES.
BUSINESS OF O.S. POTTER & CO.,
IN LIQUIDATION.
EXTENSIVE
STOCK
BEING SOLD
AT
CUT RATES.
48 FREMONT STREET,
CORNER OF MISSION.
*♦' i *T- > £jSju£Sßm> \l keen *•*
MONARCH -
p.
$ JIOMRCU CY IE I.MIFACTCUII CO., %
Jjjg 3 and 5 Front St., San Francisco. '♦'
■ ''HAS. BROWN «fe SON. 807 Market, Ag't. .V
■ C. F.SAI.MMO.V3OXA-CO., Twelfth ami Q
BBL Franklin streets, Oakland. A cent. »*1
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
Bicycles.
We have on hand a large
quantity of New and Second-
hand Safeties For Sale at rnar-
velously low prices for spot
cash.
Also Sundries very cheap.
Specially low prices to Coun-
try Agents and others taking
quantities.
Come and see them or write
for particulars. j.
WM. NORMAN,
ROVER CYCLE DEPOT
326 and 328 McAllister. Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. ■'■■''..
HHBBBgm WIIiCOX compound
TrANSY® PILLS
««imtw« Rafeßnd SURE. Always reliable. Tak»
norobstltute. For sale by all druggists. Send
& for Woman' i Safeguard. WII.COX SPECIFIO
CO.. 238 SOUTH EIGHTH ST., PHILAIm! PA.M«™, ' w" °.»? l V! aTs Flrenzi vs. T. Hammon's
Marguerite, W . Daw's Lady Clare vs. L Seger
"".; White Chief. P. Farreirs Unknown vs.
, •". cYanc V an g s. h x'" Ben Brush, B. Thompson's
Candid vs. T. Neenan's Pop Larkin, C. Evans 1
Mascot vs. T. Flynn's Captain Jim, M. Cas
>ii«i y a * ." • {0Tl } 1 ? Viol et vs. D - Chilldß' Happy
don' w* dam , s , Lm . y Du^ vs - J - Tracy's I''»
fon'« «' K H i; ?1? 1 £ ba locomotive vs. 1. Wai
ton 6 Bobolink, J. Bexamlth'i Mission Boy vs.
R. McCabe's King Carlos, W. H McComb'*
Blackbird vs. D. Tolnmi's Twilight? W J
Hynes' Joe Terry vs. J. O'Shea's Fearless I
son's MS" DubUa Stout vs. J.Seger-
Prizes are $90, $ 15, $7, $7.
pHee e a? P (W« "ate, announced to take
place at Ocean View Park on the "4th
promises to be an interesting event as
ore , are now in the neighborhood of
loua to try them out. ow " e " ar e am
ious to try them out.
art^SS * he »'V lln gs that will be entered
are representatives from Lord Clifton-
Rockette and Skyball-Vallev Queen litterl
the w7nner Pl SUlta ° ly inSCribed ' *iU 6" to
dd t PP m ta ! Ce ', at *2 50 entrance with
lithe s e a d n\e P a SS ° be run ou the 24thin8t
p«rit u 2.m g oS!t. al9Obe heldat Insleside
SACRAMENTO SPORTING.
A New Athletic Park-Cycling and
Trap-Shooting.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., May 15.-The
Capital City Wheelmen's Club and the
Sacramento Athletic Club have combined
in the establishment of an athletic and
lestival ground at East Park, in this city,
to be used for cycling, baseball, football,
handball, field sports and all kinds of out
door day and evening entertainments.
The grounds will consist of seven acres
of land inclosed with a high fence, and
wiil be laid out with a tweuty-foot clay
track, three lapa to the mile, for bicycles,
with a cinder path inside for sprinters!
baseball diamond, football goals, handball
courts, etc., and the w ole to be a fa'eid for
pageants such as the Circus Maximus,
society circus, moonlight socials, balloon
ascensions, practice and exhibitions in all
kinds of athletic sports.
The grand stand will be capable of seat
ing at least 4000 people and will contain
dressing-rooms and baths for athletes,
etc. It is thought that the entire scheme
can be perfected tor the sum of $7000 and
it is thought that work will be begun on it
immediately.
Tue Capital City Wheelmen have begun
work on the bike track between this city
rind Stockton and will extend it to Mc-
Connells station immediately; as soon as
the water goes down the track will be ex
tended as far as Gait, and from there on.
Ihe club has entered into arrangements
with th» Terminal City Wheelmen to
"pall off" a liity-mile relay race on the
track, tho race to take place either in this
city or Stockton, the club of the latter
place to set tiie time.
The regular shoot of the Felican Live-
F.ird Cluo is set for Sunday, and will be
LelJ at their grounds on the other side of
the American River. The Spoonbill Club
shoot takes place on the same date at
Agricultural Park. The latter having
I the Inanimate Target Association,
selected the following-named team to
Bent them at the Stockton tourna
ment: George Wutenbrook, \V. 11. Eck
hardt, John Fitzrerald, H. Steliing, Adam
Dam tn and J. Sole, with W. Chapman
sid J. Stieuler as substitutes.
Reports from the trout-fishing grounds
of Truckee and the Shasta districts are to
the effect that the trout are beginning to
"THE CALL" RACING CHART.
California J"ckey Club's Spring Meeting:, Bay District Track. Fourteenth day. Friday,
v ' May IS, iS96. Weather fine. Track fast.
LlB7. *
lKbr KACt— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-oids andupvrarJ; conditions; purse f 3OO.
Index.
1181
1181 .
llhl
10-1
1177
1100
1090
740
942
1087
1149
1104
1076
1099
Horse, age, weight, j Bt. { V* j ft j 3 A j *» Fin. f Jockey.. lop" 1 "^
My eetnear. ,4. lllll 61 vT 2v 2 ~IT TTu^dT.TTZ'. 1 1 10
Chinook, 4 11l 1 li 13 1 » 2 3 Knssell 4 6
Ml« ■.arvln. 4...U1 ■» 6h 5 4 33 She^art. ". *." I 15;~: 25
\ernou.4 113 13 9 7 6 41 80/eman " 1" >0
Rodeirap.4 118 9! Bxs b L Bereen B h
• I^ouise, a 113 14 7 9 7 6/3 T. Williams. 80 60
Garcia, a 115 10 13 10 10 . 7 Martin •••• °" °«
AddieJl.4 11l 2 ; 33 '-'% 32 8 PigKOttl 6 fl2
Manford,s 115 7^ 10 11 ™11 » Gio?n 05 40
Rotation, 4 113 8| 14 13 M 10 H. Wilson "io 60
G. \Vaaliin 8 t0n,a.115 6 42 6 8 11 Castro 60 150
svengall, 4 118 \V*\ 2h 3h 9 IS Ami. ""0 10
Jo.a 116 4 12 14 14 13 Peoples 60- 100
'•-Pldo. 4 118, 5 1 11 12 13 U J0hE50n.....:::: 7-2 7-2
stani.-.u-sate used.
Time, 1:16%.
Won driving.
Winner, G. Matthews' eh. m., by Major Ban-Libbertlfllbbeu
ICO SECOND P.ACE— Four furlonss; selling: m%iden two-year-olds; allowances: purse *300.
Index. I Horse, weight. jbu 1,4 ft % Btr. | Kin. j Jockeys. ii o ßettln
■ Op. CL
1174 Viking 108 1 12 12 14 Martin ~4 is-5
1174 Santa Paula 103 2 21 31 2ft Peoples.. 4 '6
1145 Jerilderlo 103 4 7 6 1 3 3 Khepard ' A 8
1168 Destra 101 7 3% 2ft 42 Snider..... ".".i.' 10 10
1168 Rpoekah 10S 8 8 » sft CoaJy .. . .. .. i 8 15
1150 urseno 106 5 51 41 62 Hennessy'.V.'."! 10 15
US'.' Valdos 106 12 9 61 72 Johnson... ... 8 15
1174 Sharon Lass 98 11 11 12 8 Frowley.. .. 10 15
1174 Kosa Mas-euta.... 98 10 12 11 9 Uouell . '" 20 100
1051 l^ord Chesterfield. lo6 3 41 9 10 riggou.:. 10 8
1068 Senator -Morgan. .lo3 9 10 7 11 Boz<-ruan . ' 1 6 6
1174 Tortoise 113 6 6 10 12 C. Weber..!. '" | 4 5
startiDg-gate used.
Won easily.
Winner. G. Wright's eh. g., by Herald -Eckeha. Time, -.49%
1 O(l THIRD RACh.— Hix iurlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; conditions; purse $300.
Index. j Korse. age, weight. I St. jVi % /4 I 6tr. j Fin. | Jockeys. I r£ etl
- _____ _____ _____ ■ "
1105 WnNunoJAgle.s.ll9 1 28 22 2ft 1 a,; coadv ~~ 4.5
445 Zotelr, 6 118 7 7 3h 33 25 Coffer I A
1186 Oracle 8, 6 113 6 lft 14 12 83 M Berien 15
594 Lonnie B. a IIS 4 31 4ft 41 4n Hennessy... . 30
1143 Carroll Cook, 4. ..113 6 1 4 1 62 6 55 Howan " 60
1045 Catalogue, 4 .113 2| 6 1 7 7 6 % Hbepani. ' 20
878 Tamalpais. a 115 », 61 61 51 7 Castro ' 30
1178 Jerome a. 118 8 8 8 8 8 C. Weber. '.'.'.'.'". »
1098 Arpo, 4 11» left T Kniler ... . ' 10
Jockeys.
I Hettin/t.
I Op. Cl.
:tinfi.
a.
9-10
11-5
20
30
100
100
100
6
8
btartlnp-gate used.
ime, l:l6Vi.
Wou driving.
Winner, La Siesta stock larms b. m., by Argyle-imu. Janet N.
1 1 Qf) FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; Inside course; selling; three-year-olds and up; penalties*
J. x t/V/ • purse $300. *
Index. Horse, age, weight. St. \
> !_
(11C9) Peru. 3 106 5
1169 Missßuth.4 10. 3
1177 Klnaer 5 10« 4
1151 Charles A, 5 IOC 3
1106 Adios, 3 lOt 1
1134 Navy Blue, 4 104 6
1177 Ida Bauer, 4 108 j 7
Horse, age, weight 8t- !
I I
V* IVa *A St..- I Fin. I Jockeys. op?"'"*!
6 1/3 63 8 1 2 2 Tl~ Martin.. 4T5 Zr
l__ IP 5* },¥» 'i v H.Wilson :::; 6 »
■6ft 41 42 44 3n Snider. 4 7-2
2 1 3 SI 21 32. 415 1'\tw11.......... 5 6
4 3 3h 53 5 4 sft ttozumun.. 15 «>O
.-tart ing-gate used.
Won handily. Winner, Al M oiine'B eh. c, by Ganc-Carnjalita. Time. I :3'iß/i
1 j (|1 FIFTH KAtE- Five furlongs; selling; three-year-olds and upward; peualties; purse $300.
Jinlex. j Horse, age. weight. 6t. ft I <% »/4» /4 fc>tr.
771 Myrtle H.*. 94 616 1 6 4 1
9XB Mollie X, i 10H| 2! 4Vi
1143 Sen'rMalioney.3. 99 A] 3ft 2 1
:04t> Monarch, a lllj 5 21 3ft
1 i CO i Crackajack, a. lllj lj 11 11
15 svmpua . ast. a.lll 717 1 7 6
1087 DeOroat, 5 11l 3 6 7
1140 Madwyn, 3 102! 8 8 9
1067 : Leilas, a 109; 11 10 10
1070 sallie Caivert, 4..106 12 9 8
876 .H to Lottery f,, 3.100 13 ' 11 12
117U : Magpie. 4 10SJ 9 12 11
Lucky D, 4 1(j8 10 13 18
1 i«f) 'Reno, a 113 15 16 15
■&i\ Jloliie B»wn, 3. ..103! 14 14 ..' ..14
]. Mutineer, 5 1 11 1 IB | 15 j.. ' 16
Fin. Jockeys. Betting.
1 2 Johnson ;10 10
2ft Snider. j 4 5
3IS FlggOtt &-2 11-5
4 1 Bfaachainp I 5 6
62 Bczeman 10 9
6 Martin. 7 5
7 T. Williams..... 15 15
8 Ames. 20 20
9 Wilson I 15 _o
10 ■ !:■!-. .■!', -.. Iso " 40
11 Butler.: V*o'.:--60
12 Jenkins 50 150
18 Steele mo 60
14 C.Weber. 10 10
15 Woods 20 r" 60
16 • Asknew 30 , 160
Starting-gate
Tine, liOtft.
used.
Won cleverly.
Winner, C. W. Cbappelle's b. f., by Torso-Lady Lelnster.
1I Q9 BJXTH HACK— hlx furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; conditions: allowances-
-1 J OsJ. $300.
purse
1 1
Index, j Horse, weight. j Ht. V* ft %
1165 S'liator 8;and....110; 4 it Va
(110 V!) Rebellion 102 6 6 1
1160 ! Vlrijie A 96 1 lh ........
1171 Perseus 104 6 4ft ,
(1178) Doubtlut 107 2 ........ 61
1074 I Decision 106 8 2b
1163 Imp. Kndvtnion.. 97 9 9 ....
H.9H ChHvo. 97 3 8
1039 Marionette.. ...... loo 10 10
1149 Kojab 107 11 11
1 14<5 I.naQue Amo ...100 7 71
1179 The Sheriff 107 I*2 12 ........
2ft Ift Fell 6
3 1 2 3 Martin 7-5
Ift 3h J0hn50n ........ 6
4 h 4 2 ' oßdy .......... 2
sft &« Cochran.... 8
62 6 h Peoples ;... 15
7 7 2 iDowHi 50
8 8 2 Hint. 60
10 9 2 Plpgott 6
11 110 2 Shepard.... i3O
9 11 Butler 15
12 I 12 Wilson 75
Mr.
Fin.
Jockey.
Betting.
Op. Cl.
10
1
8
13-5
12
40
100
200
8
100
20
100
HtartlOC-SMC UMd. Won driving. WinDer, W. D. l'.andall's cb. c, by imp. Inverness-Wood
Violet. Time, 1:143/4.
aiiduil's cb. c, by imp. Inverness-Wood
I I (iO SKVEJNTIi RACK— five furlongß; ■elllnc: thrr©-year-olds and upward: penalties- Dur c
i 1 UO. $300.
Index. Horse, age. weight, j St. Vi ft *,i. Sir.
117(T Wm Plnkerton,3.lo3 5 ........ 62 31 2ft
1144 La Mascoia, 3....100 4 2h 2y» 31
1173 Morven, & HI 1 I}_ ~1 V- I II
1180 Waller J, 3 105! 8 : 8 1 6 16
11t.9 ; inrhaps. 3 98; 2 ah 61 5
1164 Mount Hoy, 5.. Ill' 3 41 ift 41
(114«) I Heartsease, 3 90 10./. 9 V 8. 8 ■
1140 Kasel.3... 97 7 ........ 61 7 7
1173 Crawford. 6.. .....11 l 9 10 10 9
little a 1161 6 7 2 9 10
FID.
Jockeys.
. I Betting.
I Up. ci
1 1 Shield*. 8-5 11-5
2h Martin ..-; 8-5 9-5
8 3 Plggott I b • ' 7
4 2 C0ady....... .... 10 ' Is
5 1 I Johnson ilO 20
6 1 |T. Williams.... 15 40
7Va ! Krawly. •. 8 - 7
8 .'< ■ Rowan 20 100
15 M. Bergen lift 200
10 bn1Uer.. ......... I 6 15
starting-gate used,
Ime, 1:01%.
Won easily.
Winner, S. C. HUdreth's cb. g , by Bnaunon-Faonie Lewis.
tnketherly and good catches are being
made. Russ Flint and a party of friends
will leave for Shasta the middle of next
month to try the tishiug in tne McCloud
River.
Ptuart Upson will start on a 2000-mile
trip next week through the northern por
tion of the Btate. He will make the entire
trip by wheel. UDson is an accomplished
wheelman, holding several Pacific Coast
records and tan do 200 miles a day on
ordinary roads.
Doves are reported in great quantities
throughout the county and great sport is
expected this season. Kuthebfobd.
THE FROST FIGHTERS.
Visalia Orchard ists Belie** in the Llb-
erul Use of Water.
The question of how to preserve the
fruit trees from being injured by frosts
has caused much thniking and experi
menting on the part of California orchard
ists of late years. A number of these
living in the vicinity of Visalia, Tulart
County, believe that they have solved the
probleni. They tried smoking the or
chards during frosty weather until the
fohane was as smudgy as tne roofs of a
factory town, but to no purpose.
At la.-t these men made an experiment
in the use of water, and during the cold
snap in the middle of last month large
quantities of water were turned from the
canal upon the lands of Thomas & Son, D.
C. Anderson, the Grant Oak Fruit Com
pany, C. T. Lindsey' and S. C. Brown.
Tne ground was saturated with water on
all these farms. The other orchardists
surrounding used smoke. The results of
the two experiment" may be seen at the
Btate Board of Trade rooms, at 16 Post
street. Side by side are quantities of sam
ples of deciduous fruits, received yester
day by express. Those upon which smoke
was used show plainly that the object was
not attained, while the fruits on the irri
gated lands are as fresh and bright as
though there had been no killing frosts
where they came from. The irrigators are
p;\ti-ried that they can successfully fight
frosts with water.
Among the now fruits from the ranch of
Thomas it Son is the prcmu cardie, one of
the prune family, originally from the
northern part of China. It is believed
that it will be a success in this State.
A tine consignment of almond:' was re
ceived yesterday from the Armstrong
orchard in San Joaquin County. Several
splendid samples of gold ore came in from
Placer County.
The delegation from the Los Angeles
Chamber of Commerce, which was to have
attended the opening of the rooms on
Thursday, made an inspection of the ex
hibits yesterday.
Used Canceled Stamps.
P. H. de Blumford, 541 Clipper street, who
was arrested Thursday night, appeared beiore
Judge Morrow yesterday and was held to
answer to sundry charges contained in a secret
indictment filed by the United States Grand
Jury on Monday last. The principal charge
against Blumford is that of using canceled
stamps. Ihe complaint alleges that while a
resident of Sisson, Siskiyou County, the pris
oner took certaiu 1 and 2 cent canceled
stamps a-id by the aid of chemicals succeeded
in removing the cancellation marks. The
penalty for such offense is from six to twelve
months, or a tine of from $ 100 to $500, or both.
There are seven counts against Blumford.
""imiilUrii (o Hi* .\ v \ i:ii :> .
Judge Morrow signed an order yesterday
committing A. W. Bowman, charged with
sending indecent matter through the mails, to
the asylum at Ckiah. He will be taken to
Ukiah by Deputy Marshal Moflitt this morn
ing.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1596.
RACED FOR CHEAP PUSSES
Four Favored Ones in the Bet
ting Managed to Beat
Their Fields.
PERU STRUCK EASY COMPANY.
My Sweetheart, Myrtle H and Sen
ator Bland Were All Winners
at Long Prices.
A conglomeration of good and bad race
horses contested for pursed at the Bay
District track yesterday. The events de
cided were all at distances less than a
mile and in most instances the Voids were
large. First choices made rjo^-e than a
stand-off of it, capturing four out of the
seven races run.
In the way of long shots Myrtle H car
ried off first honors by taking the fifth race
at odds of 15 to I, while My Sweetheart and
Senator Bland both won the events in
which they started at odds of 10 and 12 to
1 respectively.
The opening six-furlong dash saw
Rapido go to the post a 3J4 to 1 choice
over the other thirteen starters, but failed
to get a mark. At the end, the outsider.
My Sweetheart, won very handily from
Chinook, who had made most of the run
ning.
Twelve maidens faced the barrier in the
four-furlong dash for two-year-olds.
Viking, backed down from fours to a 13 to
5 favorite, was away first, ana won gallop
ing, with Santa Paula finishing in the
place, ahead of Jerilderio.
The poor start to the third race, a six
furlong spin, undoubtedly contributed to
the favorite's success. Wandering Nun of
Argyle was sent to the post a 9 to 10
chance, and aided by the poor start headed
Gracie S in the stretch and passed the wire
a length before the 11 to 5 second choice
Zobair, who was away from the post
poorly. Jerome S was left at the post.
The Beven-furlong run decided over the
inside course clearly demonstrated how
greatly the 9 to 10 choice Peru outclassed
his field. Interfered with at the start and
compelled to fall back to last place, he
soon moved nn to second position, and
taking the lead from Miss Ruth when
headed for the wire romped in as he
pleased, a length in front of the mare.
Elmer F was third.
The winner, entered to be sold for $300,
was bid up to $600 by the owner of Miss
Ruth, tne stable retaining the colt with
the usual $5 bid.
Sixteen "crabs" started in the five-fur
long dash that came next. A wild plunge
was made on Senator Mahoney, cutting
his odds from 3 to 2 to 1, and he finished
third. Myrtle H, a 15 to 1 shot, cleverly
piloted by Ike Johnson, passed the judges
at the finish an easy winner over Mollie R.
The crowd could see nothing in the sixth
race but Rebellion, the other starters all
being neglected in the betting in the rush
to get aboard the good thing, who was
backed down from 7 to 5 to even money.
Yirgie A, Decision and Doubtful made tue
running to the stretch, where Senator
Bland came strong on the outside, and,
taking the lead, beaded the favorite out,
who came fast the last furlong, a length at
the wire. Virgie A finished in the thow.
Jack Follansbee's fast filly La Mascota
opened a slight favorite over William Pin
kertou for the final race of the day at five
furlongs, but around post time Pinkerton
had been played down to an 8 to 5 choice,
while 2JI to 1 was offered against the filly.
The other starters aid not command much
support in tne betting. Perhaps, Morven
and La Mascota went oat in front when
the field was sent away, and had about
raced their heads off by the time the
stretch was reacheti. Shields then gave
the favorite his heaa and he literally
"THE CALL'S" RACING GUIDE.
To* Day'» Entries at California Jockey Club's Bay District Track.
In races where the horses have no record Bt the distance to be run the records at the next nearest
distance are given.
ADbrevlatlons— F., fast ; Fa., fair: H., heavy; m., mile: f., furlong: •, about.
'v
longs; cc:
Ing; non-winners o:
three races in 1896.
I Best I ————___
Index, j ' Kam«. Lbs record, j Dlst. Lbs Tk. Owner. - " Pedigree.
1192 UnaQueAmo.. 96 1:08 \bt 103 Fa. Ferris Hartman.... Torso-Little Flush
1160 Joe Cotton 118 1:08% 5' 4, f 129 F... Kericeley stable.... Winters-Cot ion Nose
1178 O'Heeta 109 1:09 !5% f 106 F... J. M. Buckley.. . iHarrv O'Fallan-Mveta
1105 ReyAlta. . 109 1:0.'" 4 6? 131 H.. J. O. r.ayl.-y * Xlta Fannie D * "
y h^ ; Uarry Lewis.... 112 I I ..1.., J. Maddox Versaillps-Cousln Kate
(942) Johnny (apron 109 1:04 6 f 13* 11.. C. I. Thacker Sld-Moil!e Capron
8? V^Hi 1000"--1 000 "--- I1O» "OWO. ....... - rniy K. G. Grlffln Ed Corrigan-Idalene Cotton
11-** i°* U. 1 1- , 112 1:013 5f 108 F... Joe Hill Kingston-Lady HoUcn
258 ; Bob Tucker 109 1:0 at> t 106 c-...;J. J. Stern Bob Mlks-oaora
b4o* Lorena II 95 , .... 1 . ... |A 1 ilorine Apache-Rill
1160 ißelleomonewllilOT 1:18 I6f 100 H.. Niagara wtabie'.'.*.].*.' Spendthrift-Miss Nailer
SECOND RACE— Five and a half furlongs; aelllDg; non-winners of three races In 1896. ~
Owner.
Pedlirree.
Index. j
Name.
I Besi I
>Um, record. l Dlsu Lbs Tk.
Owner.
rerticrree.
}}'l ' Ill " for(1 I 9S 1 : ™& 6i^ * 106 Fa California stable... Imp. Kyrlel)alv-V:s«lia
<.« Perhaps 1»7 1:1(^ |{ 11* H. Alma Dale btab:e. JK0.,<1,,8k0-MnyJ K0.,<1,,8k0-Mny Viley
11H9 inni rm , aya v 107 1:11 ft\<, f J O4 H.. F. Brown St. Saviour-Ella T
298 sooladam ..... 109 1 :08»4 5% * 86 K..j \v. o. Jameson. ... Imp. Grt-enback-Half Sister
1154 Oreeon Eclipse. 112 l:iev 3 6 f 113 F.. J. Bobbins Joe Uooker-Lulu X gs
1?« btarlinit 110 1:11% 6^ f 109 Ji.. J. Flynn .. Lay star-l^rnmiiiti
\nn ww?Hn d i q ] : lls !¥» f }}? H - K-C. Sachs:/..:.... Bed Iro^-Fannle Jobniwn
110" tlL * rdo 112 1:161,4 6i 105 H.. ;S. F. Cappa iWildldle-Blue Bonnet
1143 La France 97 no rec !.... W. L. Sullivan.. ( Ben Ali-Fedalma
(1181) -Silver Mate .... 110 J W 6V a ' no F.. «>- Thompson.... Ip Cheviot ße™*e Shannon
1100 University !l09,l:10<5 6y a 1 100.H.. W.D. Randall Imp. 11l Uaeil-AfllnTv
THIRD RACE— Five fwlonm: two-year-olUs.
I Best I
.Index.. Name. Lbs record. Dist. Lbs Tk.
Ownrr.
Pedlsree.
C M l tetts2fi*"*raa :5 ° %m i*" tkln & Lo.tridge.. F.l Bio R^y-Fonsett*
182 •hel'lnnuer... !mi no rec "• '"• P. Archibald Imp. Idallum- Annie Lewis
1182 «namre.l 101 norec .... .... Nevada stable IKI Rio hev-Addle O'N'eii
Qllt? Iloman }}» ! 12 */* ft m 113 K..,:.l mw oo<l»i'k farm Imp Bruius-nJaut^ ■ c '
1150 £ urH V,- ' 10 :4V) |VV 2 m 101 F.. Pueblo stable , Haclne-Imp. Bes a • •
}}'$ Ho r at ' o -- I 1 l:Or ec | Bohemian stable... Imp. Mldlotblan-Lnrline
1162 Lady Hurst ,98 no rec ill »« u.: William Napier.... Imp. MartenhnrsV" h, erfnl
1182 1 Howards ,106! :39 |3 « 110U.. J. H. shioidi. Imp. WhUtlej^cket zA ca
iOI'KTH KACK— One and a sixteenth miles; Helllns.
I
Index.! . Name.
1185 ftea51de. ........
. ) 171 Tar and Tartar.
. 1169 111 1 p. Fllertn Lass
.1186 IWarrm-o .......
1166 Strativflower....
110(» san Luis Bey...
1166 1 Uncle Gilfw
1185 I Little Cripple...
I Best 1 I I
Lbs Itvcord Dlst. Lhs Tk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
]??} : ?.'„ iJ ° 5 I- ''• Slebenthaler.... , Imp. Mariner-
O i l > l?* /4 if' 76m!^f i, a A.O.Morris.. ; Hindoo Bran, hauna
Inn i In*? i m Jn, 1 i, 1 " Bnabona stable ,Full»Non-c«sta«-a
2 }linif , m Jgj £•"• harden Cllv stable. Warwick Fedalma
«2 iiia* liU ' ?>• &r " Senders....... Strathmre-FlowTr of Meath
ins 11c i • iSil£-- CC 1 * 08 *"* 011 stable.. Kpr. Nrflk-MollieMc(™ lit
113.1.56 iv m 102!F..|J. Webor Id. Pirate Pnr.nce-L IlmphrV
113 i.bb iy 8 m 10^ F.. J. Weber iD.PlrstePnmce-L b:anhpe
HFIH MACK- One
mile: nbndican.
Index. r««me.'
1172 All Over.. ..
1184 St. Lee :.
(1131) Belllcoso
(11".') Olive
(1152) Peter II
117*) Cliartreuse 11..
. 945 i Hasblmbt......
1159 i Yankee Doodle.
j Beat
Lbs j record. J)lst. Lbs Tk. !
Owner.
Pedlcrree.
JR2 ? : 2?# { tmlGm 112 I-- S. C-Hildretb...... Hanovor-fceceit ~
in* 1 :vSi/ I*' 120 £•• J u ** bl ° stable Peel-imp. Janet N .
10 ,. 6 . }■&& <f „ 10 - F - E - Corrliran Apache-Vir le
.»" w^'f™""; 107 Fa. Klmwoodstckfarm Imp. Brutua-Honnle Jonn
svi li V * i m II V- J> C - ""nipbrey... Imp. < heviot- mp. Zar a
,«o  , J m 88 F "- Hope Glen htk frm. Sunnam-Laura Winston
102 I:4a . 1 m 106, F... Cambridge stable.. Priawnoyal-Manzaniu
SIXTH RACK— six furlongs sellln;.
— — I Best I
Index. Name. . Lbs j record. | Dlst. Lbs Tk.
Owner.
rcdi«?ree..
1189 JeromeS 11l I:vm4 7<
1183 Model 107 1:14*4|6f
1183 jHoward ill 1:28^ 7f
1173 Icrawford 11l 1:10 s^jf
(! l < .!2)ifommis«lon ... 11l 1:17 Bf
(1173), 5ea Bpray 109 I: l*^6 f
1O8>". Jp. Weber Joe I>Hnie!s-S\ v( . c ; Irar
100 F. . (California atable.... Imp. »ir Modred-uy'nsv
103fK. . R. E. liolan |Tyran:-Mnyfite
108, Fa. Antrim «table Apache-F-mma Lonitfieid
111 F. . White* Clarke.... limp, snxon-lflulsef
100 F. . |p. (SiebaHthaler limp. Mariiicr-Mfcranette
SEVENTH RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling.
Name.
1 I Best I 1 I
Lbs Record Disc Lbs Tit.
Index.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1141 Nephew lia 1 : &/V, 11-JSm 109 11 .. G. n05e........ ..... Bprlnebok-The Niece
im Rebellion 96 1} : ii 8 5* X m ! 101 *a. Oakland stable Peel-imp. Mutiny
(1185) Long Lady 93 1 : *as, 4 1 m i9BF.. J. c. Humphrey.... Major Ban- Decoy Duck
1185 A1ver0.. ........ £3 1:17 6f 95 Fa. ■.-. C. Hlldreth . .... «.«no-LIIUta - * *
1183 Belle Boyd 187 l:BOVi ii 1 * ii * lnl 91 Fa J. P. '-'"i" El ■lo Rev-Sylvia
(1368) Instigator....... 106 2:00 iy 8 m 101 11.. Klmwood stk farm. Imp. Brutus-Ins lllation
163 Mlr*mbo 10.l : 431,4; l m | 91 \ k ; . Ambrose *' Miller. hi Kio Key-Question
EIOHTH BACE-Flve and a half furlongs: selling: non-wiuuers of three races in 1896.
Index. I Name.
> Best I
Lbs < record. | Disc
I
LbalTk.
Owner.
Pedigree.
1169 i 8anj0..... ...... 112 1:18» 6f
1167 Circe............. 107 1:08*4 5% f
1071 ' Last Chance ... j 112 l:0-V*;6f
114 a Ruinart 108 1:08 V* 6% f
824 Duchess... 95 1:01»/ 5 1
1161 Tim Murphy... 112 1:14 j6 f
....... Nell Flaherty... 110 .. .-. .
1154 Kncioo... 100; 1 :17Vt 6f'
1146 Gold Bnsr. 112 I:O9V* 3V<» t
1178 Gov. 8udd....... i »7il:l& ltfi
UliF... Odeil stable i Peregrlne-I «iy Foster
107 F...J Lone stable Hmo. Friar Turk- Jessie C
106: X.. . | Oakland stable ' i>uke Norfolk- Vedette
105 F...C RORe St. Carlo-Queen Alia
!?}'£"• «,v.- "umphn-y.... Ka Corrisan-chartotte
111 *... White & Clarke limp kyrle Da r-Miccie R
... .... R.*tlpe iLitlle -Up-Gypsy Q U £en
96 Ka. knclno stable limp. Brutus-May D
1M) Ka. J. Hunter IPlttsburi.'-Mollle S
Btf.i'... \S cudla«u»tßblc..|irresao-14o»inj
rolled in, with La Mascota getting the
place from Morven in a drive.
WOOD DEALERS PROTEST.
They Want Street Peddlers to Pay the
Same License as Other Vender*.
A petition signed by more than a hun
dred wood and coal dealers protesting
against the selling of wood by peddlers
without licences was sent to the Board of
Supervisors yesterday.
The protesting merchants stated that
the street wood venders were seriously in
juring their business, beinc able to under
sell the yards through not having to pay
licenses, and that some would have to go
oat of ousiness if the practice was not
stopped.
The petitioners asked for relief and re
quested the board to compel peddlers of
wood to pay the $10 per quarter demanded
of other street venders.
WENT OUT UNDER PROTEST
Superintendent Weaver of the
Almshouse Was Deposed
Yesterday.
Edward Reddy, the New Appointee,
Now in Charge of the City
Poorhouse.
The control of the Almshouse changed
hands yesterday as peaceably and quietly as
though there was to be no bitter le-al brittle
over the superintendence-, and to all in
terns and purposes Edward Reddy, the
gentleman appointed by the Board of
Health to succeed P. L. Weaver, is in full
possession.
When Mr. Reddy and his brother, who
also acted as his attorney, arrived at the
Almshouse yesterday morning they were
courteously received by Mr. Weaver, who
descended the stairs to meet them.
The entire party adjourned to the super
intendent's office, where Mr. Reddy made
a formal demand for the control of the in
stitution, stating that he had been ap
pointed by the Board of Health and pre
senting his commission.
"I know that you have been appointed,"
said Mr. Weaver, "but 1 deny the legality
of the entire proceeding, and I desire to
reserve all of my legal rights."
Attorney Reddy ttien took a hand in the
conversation and &uid that as a contpst
was inevitable it would be better to have
the matter amicably arranged. His
brother, he said, hud no intention of in
terfering with any of Mr. Weaver's legal
rights.
It was then aprefd that in order to pro
tect Mr. Weaver In lis contest the for
mality of an ejectment should be gone
tbroug".
Accordingly Mr. Weaver was escorted
out o' the building, Mr. Reddy's hand
resting lightly ou his shoulder. This
ceremony having been performed, Mr.
Weaver was invited to return as a private
citizen, and all went back to the office to
talk over the affairs of the institution.
Mr. Reddy told the employes that he
was the superintendent and instructed
them to obey his orders and no others.
Certain of the books of the office had
been locked up in the safe of which Mr.
Weaver alone has the key, and it was
agreed that they should remain there
pendinc a decision in the case.
Mr, Weaver then retired to his cottage
on the groun.ls where he proposes to re
main until the matter is settled in court,
while Mr. Reddy made an inspection of
the institution to familiarize himself with
the duties of iiisollJce.
ho effort wiil be made to dislodge Mr.
Weav. r until the legal battle is over.
Late last evening word was telephoned
from the A)m»house that Weaver had
abandoned the right to the extent of tiv
insr up the books. He had had a long and
amicable talk with Captain Reddy, who
desired to give Mr. Weaver and his family
every extension of time required in va
cating his present location.
NEAR THE WHITE HOUSE.
Personal Friends of the President Indorse
Paine's Celery Compound.
Following the Testimonials of Judge Powers and Con
gressman Grout Come Hearty Letters From Con
gressman Meredith of Va., Asst. U. S. Attorney
John Q. Capers, Maj. Gen. Birney, Congressman
Wilber of N. V., Congressman Bell, Lieut. McAllister,
Congressman Neill and Many More.
The proprietors of Paine's celery com
pound have never exaggerated either the
virtue of this wonderful remedy nor the
astonishing character of the indprseni3nts
it has received.
This greatest of all blood purifiers and
restorers of nervous energy ; this remedy
which is to-day in greater demand than all
the so-called spring remedies put to
gether —
This Paine's celery compound, which
was first discovered and prescribed by
America's most eminent, physician, that
giant among medic:il scientists of this pro
gressive aze, Prof. Edward E. Phelps,
M.D.. LL.D., of Dartmouth College—
This remedy, which has been a blessing
to thousands upon thousands of homes in
every .State and ci'.y of the country, which
has been enor stieaily indorsed by the
ablest physicians, which has received
thousands of heartfelt testimonials from
women and men in every station in life,
and has been publicly recommended with
out solicitation, by persons of such hifrh
character that they are honored by the
whole nation — this remedy that makes
people well, has received so many letters
in its praise within the last two or three
months, coming in every mail from every
section of the country — that it would be
impossible to print them allin the daily is
sue of any one paper.
Mr. Hearst's great paper, the Journal, in
New York, the Globe and the Journal in
Boston, Mr. Kohlsaat's powerful Times-
Herald in Chicago, have each of them,
within a month, devoted from one totnree
pages at a timu to tue most remarkable
canvass ever made of the druircists in the
great cities. And their best report rs, un
prejudiued one way or another, have found
that the druggists are meeting not only a
larger demand than ever before for this
one remedy, but that this demand — be
cause Paine's celery compound cures
J. L FLYNN IS ACQUIITED.
Judge Lowe Says He Did Not
Do Away Wiih Baby
Browniog.
Verdict a Source of Gratification to
the Accused's Numerous
Friends.
J. T. Flynn, the newspaper man and
real estate aeent charged with being the
father and murderer of Mrs Browning's
baby, which was found dead in a satchel
at the corner of Twelfth and Market
streets lour weeks ago. was discharged a
free man by Police Judge Lowe yesterday
afternoon.
The examination, continued from the
Bth, was resumed yesterday morning. The
defense called Mrs. Woods to the stand,
and she testified that Mrs. Browning and
a man named Dehck took rooms at her
lodeing-hou;-e. 1135 Mission street, early
in 1894, and lived as husband and wife
until January of this year.
Tighe, the man with whom Flynn had
spent the night of April 12, testified to
seeing a. woman come out of one of the
flats in the 100 block on Ninth street. He
could not swear positively that she came
where everything else fails — is so far
greater to-day than that of any other
remedy that it hag uo competitor.
Among the thousands of testimonials
that have been received by the proprietors
of Paine's celery compound thi3 spring
none have been more noteworthy than
those that come from the national capital.
The enthusiastic letters oi Judge Powers
and of Congressman Grout were recently
published in this paper. Above is a irooil
likeness of one of tiie ablest members on
the Democratic side of the House, a leader
oi acknowledged ability, a personal friend
ot the President, a man of great weight —
Congressman Elisha K. Meredith of Vir
ginia. A letter from him, dated February
4, from the House of Representatives, says:
"After a fair trial I "have no hesitation
in saying that I believe Paine's celery
compound all that is claimed for it, and it
nives me pleasure to commend it."
A letter from GongredSQQM Robert Xeill
of Arkansas contains the following :
"My home is ai Batesvtlle Ark. Daring i
the lasi spring and summer my eldest
daughter, then 17 years of age, was in
very poor health, suffering from general
debility, nervous prostration and t'r .quent
slight fevers, bhe" bad the best medical
attention, but apparently with little bene
fit. In the latter part oi" September last,
while stiil feeble, she began the uee of
Paine's celery compound and improved
in health continuously. In three months
ahe had fully recovered and is still in
perfect health. lam bound to think the
remedy is an excellent one anil do not
be&itale to recommend it to the suffering."
Lieut. C. A. "McAllister, writing from
Hotel Oxford, Marc . 28, said:
"For several years past I have been a suf
ferer from severe attacks of dyspepsia,
caused by too close attention to business.
On the advice of a physician I took sev
eral bottles of Paine's celery compound,
and have been greatly benefited thereby.
Hinee the first of last September I have '
gained :!■'> pounds, and am now feeling in
tim-rate health. C. A. M • Al lister,
"First Assistant Engineer, U.S.K.C.S. "
Hon. John C. Bell, member of Congress I
from Colorado, in a letter to Welis &
from 130 — Mrs. Browning's place of abode —
but he thought she did. He also saw
Flynn pass down the street with a woman.
He did not know who the woman was.
Fivnn was with him (luring the night,
lie told witness about his friend being
sick, and havine to go for a doctor; but
did not say what whs the nature of her
ailment.
The prosecution attempted to show by
the witness that Flynn had avoided bis
usual haunts for ieyeral daya after the
discovery of the dead babe, ot" whose
paternity he was accuser, hut Mr. Ti.:he
was a disappointment. He testified that
he had met his fritud in the u^ual places
the day following and for several days
after.
The cross-examination failed to shake
the witness' testimony, and Judge Lowe
discharged the prisoner without hearing
any argument.
"There is nothing to show any connec
tion between the defendant and the mur
dered child," remarked the court, "and I
dismiss the case without comment."
Flynn's acquittal will be a source of
gratification to his many friends here and
in Portland. While in' the latter city he
operated ext-nsively in real estate, "and
spent $100,000 tnere and in the adjacent
towns.
The Oregonian spoke of him as follows:
• * If Flynn should really prove guilty
of this heinous offense hia nature must have
undergone a fearful change since he migrated
from here to California. Hi*re he was regarded
as the soul of honor, who would injure no one,
to say nothing of committing a crime. It is
true, when he left this city, he was heavllv
burdened with debt, Which, though, grew out
of legitimate business operations In which he
found himself engaged when the financial
avalanche roiled upon the entire Northwest in
| Richardson Co., about the same time
told how he had used three bottles of
Paine's celery compound for dyspepsia
and rheumatism with satisfactory lesults.
Major-General Birney.who is now, at the
age oi 75, practicing law and doing depart
mental work in Washington, the unflinch
ing commander at the battle of Fredericks
buri; of the famous cWtb New York Regi
ment, in a letter to Wells & Richardson
Co. says:
"My wife has been taking the Paine's
celery compound for some time past, ana
I is so much pleaded with it that she wishes
I me to express to you her high opinion of
its merits. She thinks it tue best she has
ever tr.ed."
Congressman Wilber of New York, writ
ing in March, used these significant words:
"I was persuaded by a friend to try your
Paine's oeiery compound some time "ago,
and aft'-T its use am pleased to recommend
it to any ono who is in an overworked or
run-down condition as doing what is
claimed for it."
Many other letters from prominent
people who are not so well known are in
cluded in this year's files of testimonials
froai Washington.
Every city and every town in the coun
try is equally well represented in this
wonderful popular indorsement of the
remedy that purifies the blood, rebuilds
th« shattered nervous system, restores
strength, regulates the kulneys, liver and
bowels, cures disease, makes people well.
In these latter days of spring, in the
last of the turet? great months, the close of
nature's yearly revival season, when the
recovery from sickness is ihe most rapid
and lasting, Paine's celery compound will
make vigorous nerves and good blood.
During these latter spring days there is
a clearing oi tue air. It is the most favor
able time of the year to cure nervousness,
neuralgia, sleeplessness, headaches and
low spirits by the use of Paine's celery
compound.
Paine's celery compound points to a
woiiaeilui record air aiy achieved. The
most wide-awake, intelligent part of every
community in this country art* among its
most enthusiastic vouchers and indorsers.
1893. Even then no one doubted Flynn's in
tegrity, all his creditors reeling con ti dent that
in the event he made another raise he would
settle his obligations. Confidence also was re
posed in his business ability to successfully
ride the crest of the first wave of good fortune
coming ulonp.
WANT MORE REMOVED.
A Sensational Petition That Was Filed
by the Heir* IVSio Don't Want
Him.
E. M. Miller and C. A. Baldwin, who
represent themselves as heirs to the estate
oi A. P. More, have petitioned the Pro
bate Court to remove John F. More from
his position as administrator of the estate
and to appoint Miller in his stead.
In the petition fraud and conspiracy are
directly charged aaainst More and P. \V.
Watson. It is alleged that on the death of
A. P. More John IP. More and Watson se
cured possession of the papers of the
estate and engineered a cattle deal in
which they were to get $03,000, $30,000 to
Watson and $33,000 to More. Both had to
sue for their money and More got $26,000
and Watson $30,000.
It is further charged that they submitted
false reports on the number of cattle and
sheep on the islands, and that they traf
ficked in cattle at the expense of tne es
tale and to their own profit. The final
allegation made is that when C. E. Sher
man went to the islands to count tha
stock he was approached with offers of
money by More if he would not give the
true figures.
• — *■ —
An average of 1000 pigs are eaten in Lon
don daily.
111.2
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD.
MMMAKY Of THE sUBKKXS.
Dried Fruit trade Improving.
Silver firmer.
Wheat dull. Barley firm.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Hay an i Feedstuff* as betore.
Nothing doing in Beans.
Australian Coal getting scarce.
Large arrivals of Oregon Potatoes.
New Onions continue weak.
Vegetables about the same.
Butter steady. Cheese weaker.
No change in Eggs. Poultry weak and quiet.
Cherries lo*er. Berries firmer.
Limes he.d higher.
Good demand for Raisins.
Hides firm. Tallow weak and dull.
Provisions inactive.
Meat market unchanged.
Fourteen Failures thi s week.
Grapes wanted at $30 per ton.
rnospECTS improving.
Appearances Indicate That Kedrock
Una lteeu Touched.
The New York circular of Henry Clews says:
"In trie general situation there is a blending of
conditions that are distinctly hopeful with others
that are disturbing. It seems to be a broad rule of
tie National condition that while the raw mate
rial of prosperity is ready to hand and waiting
utilization, the mechanism for converting it Into
wealth Is deranged and distrusted. We have
really no seriously unsound conditions of trade to
contend with. Having undergone three years of
widespread liquidation, credit, though suspected in
some quarters, should be in a generally sale and
solvent condition. There is no inflation of values
In any department of either trade or finance.
••In a few branches of industry there may have
been a brief oversuj,ply of goods, but production
and Importation have been and are now being very
sharply contracted, and the country is fast moving
toward a state of underproduction and of meager
stocks of merchandise. Certainly, too, there is
nowhere any inflation of prices. All the rife that
occurred in the hopeful spurt of 1895 has since
been lost, and the current level of commercial
values is probably as low as a] any time within
the last thirty years, and on many important lines
of goods it la lower. In certain important branches
of production, there is a very large reduction from
the volume of previous years. We have nowhere
any 'booms': no .tpoculation in any kind of com
modities or enterprises.
■•In the homes of the people there has been for
three years a sharp curtailment of outlays on arti
< It- ■• of comfort and luxury. Tbe postponement of
domestic repairs and replacements has been gen
eral; and in our factories and workshops there has
been a reduction of outlays on repairs or renova
tions of plant. Three years of such deferments has
accumulated a vast amount of necessary replen
ishment which needs to be undertaken. The
country is suffering from this long period of en
forced conservatism and postponement of neces
sary wants, and canno: much longer defer supply
big them. Such a condition 01 affairs has always
proved to be the occasion :or a revival of business,
sometimes steady, at other times sudden; and
there is no apparent pood reason why the present
situation should fail to result in a like outcome."
MONEY IN THE UNITED STATES.
Ihe total amount of money in the country on
the Ist of May, according to the computations of
the United States Treasury officials, was as fol
iTci'rculation... $1,540,007,082
In circulation tl,S4O.(io7.OS'j
in Treasury 687,016,444
Total f 2. 227,023,526
The descriptions of moneys in circulation on the
Is of May were as follows:
(jold coin 9454,226,656
Standard dollars 53,602,363 .
Bubsldary silver 62,489,507
Gold certificates 4.1,05-.
Silver certificates 338.b34.413
Treasury noted 100,921,025
Uniieii States notes 237,349,381
Currency certificates :<•_', 9;-«).000
National Bank notes 216,602,179
To 540,007,082
Same lime in 1895 1,584,184,424
Deer sise., $ 44,177,312
During the twelve months ending May 1, 1b96,
there was a decrease In the amount of cold coin in
general circulation to the extent of $25,288,243,
together with a decrease o: 52u,536.575 in treas
ury notes, $19,t>86.378 in United states notes,
$5,190,630 in gold coin certificates and $3,895,000
in currency certificates, '>n the other hand, there
»as an increase of 087.657 in silver certifi
cates and *13,511.861 in National Bank notes.
The circulation per capita on May 1 was $2165.
The to hI amount of money iv circulation may r*
divided thus:
tJold 497,278,215 |
Silver w 555,847.307 i
Paper 486,881.565 !
* Total $1,540,007,081 :
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 14
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Territories
for the week, ending yesterday as compared with 16 i
for the previous week and 15 for the corresponding J
wees 01 1895. The failures for the past weec are I
divided among the trades as follows: 3 grocers, 1 i
manufacturers' agent, 1 liquors, 2 boots and shoes,
1 restaurant, 2 cigars, '£ butchers, 1 underwear, 1
lumber, 1 drugs. -
Explanation.
The arrow flies, with tb* wind. The top figures
at station indicate maximum temperature for the
«ys: those underneath it. if any, the amount of
ram.all, of melted snow in inches and huLdredtbs,
daring tl.p past twelve hours. Isobars, or solid
lints, conmct points of equal air pressure; isi>
tfierms. or dotted lines, equal temperature. The
word "nleh" means hi^h fcaromctric pressure and
is panaUjr accomuanied by fair weather- "low"
refers to low pressure, and Is usually preceded
and accompanied by c<u ly weather and rains.
"Lows usually first appear on the Washington
coast. \\h:n the pressure is high in the interioi
and low along the coas , and the isobars extend
north and south alonp the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
Barked curvature, rain eojth of Oregon Is improb
able. \\ lib a "nigh" in Ihe vicinity of Idaho and
the pressure falltnK to the California coast, warmer
weather may be eippcted In summer aud colder
Weather in winter. The revi-rse of these conditions
Will produce an opposite result.
AVKATHER 818 AC REPORT.
United States Department of Aobicui/-
TCRK, WKATHEB Borkau, AS Francisco,
May 15,1896, 5 p. m.— Weather conditions and
general forecast :
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to date
as compared with those of same date last season:
Kurpka 50.41, last season 41.91; lied Bluff 21.68,
last season 26.'25: .San Francisco 20.84. last season
25.41; Fresno 8.16, last season 14.67; San Luis
Obispo 17.64, last season 25.93;. Los Angeles
9.35, last season 16.04; San Diego 5.92, last
season 12.16; Yuma .88, last season 3.01.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature 61,
minimum 48. mean 54.
The following maximum temperatures are re
ported to-day from stations in California during
the past twenty-four hours: Kureka 54. Bed Bluff
68, an Francisco 61, Fresno 6H, San Luis Obispo
66. Los Angeles 70, -an Diego 64, Yuma 90.
The pressure continues to fall along the northern
coast, out there I; as yet 110 well-defined storm
area within the limits of observation. Kain is fall
ing to-night In moderate quantities over Washing
ton and Northern Oregon and will probably move 1
southward, covering the extreme northern portion
of this State. There has been a slight rise in
pressu c during the past twelve hours over Central
Caluornia and Western Oregon.
The temperature has remained nearly stationary
over the entire country west of the Kocky Moun
tain*.
North of the forty-second parallel the weather
has been generally cloudy with showers. In North
ern Nevada and Northern Utah also showers have
occurred. Toe conditions are a little uncer.ain,
but probably, fair weather will prevail Saturday
Mill Sunday over the major part of the Pacific
slope.
i'orecn*' made at San Francisco for thirty hours
ending inidnU'lil. May 16. 1896:
Northern California— Fair to-nlilit and Saturday,
except in the extreme northwestern portiou. where
light showers may occur: warmer In the northern,
portion; fresh northwesterly winds.
Southprn California— Fair Saturday; warmer in
the northwestern portion; fresh northwesterly
winds.
•Nevada— Probably showers Saturday in the ex
treme nor: hern portion: warmer.
Utah— Probably fair: Saturday: warmer.
Arizona— Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
warmer; fresh nor. h westerly winds.
ALKXANIIKK<i. MCADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK MARKETS.
Financial.
NFW YORK, N. V., May 15.— The factors in to
day's limited speculation at the Stock Exchange
were the attitude ot ttie London operators who
.turned up ns sellers of our securities, the cool re
ception given the New York City loan by the Lon
don investors, the agitation of the Cuban question
at Washington and a. Madrid, and the engagement
of a million gold for export to Europe to-morrow.
The fact that London changed its 'position on the
market was a distinct disappointment. V esterday
the foreigners bought fairly lame amounts of St.
Paul and Louisville and Nashville and some of the
low-priced bonds, and Indications pointed to a still
further buying for that account.
1 he reverse proved true, and local operators who
are of the opinion that a reaction is overdue took
advantage of this opportunity to bring about a !
lower range of prices. Manhattan's showing of j
earnings for the March quarter assisted the shorts,
the company, according to the statement tiled |
with the ltailroad Commissioners at Albany, fail- i
Ing to earn all its chorees, including dividends, by |
the sum of $65,239. The stock fell from 105% at j
the close yesterday to 103Va- Sugar, Bay state
(Jas, Consolidated tins, Louisville and Nashville.
Leather preferred. Tobacco and Tennessee Coal
and Iron were also heavy and lost l@2V£t per cent.
Sugar was particularly weak in the closing trans- j
actions. The market closed weak and Renerally
Vi@'-' 1,4 percent lower on the day. Total sales
were 107,250 shares.
Bonds were quiet and easier. The transactions
footed up $8*14.000. Hocking Valley consolidated !
fives fell 44 to 85; Illinois Central fours of 1953, j
3ito99s^; St. Louis and San Francisco consoli- j
dated fours. 1 to SI: Union Pacific sinking fund
eights, 1 to 91.
In Government bonds $6000 coupon fours of
1925 sold at 117%*.; $15,000 do registered at
117%.
Grain.
FLOUR— Dull, easy; Winter wheat, low grades,
$2 50@3 00; do fair to fancy, $•_• 65(5.3 85: do pat
ents, $..' &(><*-i '.'0: Minnesota clears, f 2 5UCai3 15; do
straights, *3 0()@3 50; do patents, $3 46@4 35;
luw extra. $■-' 20&3 00; city mills, $4 10iu.4 ZO; do
patents, $4 30<j»4 60; rye mixtu*-, S'2 60@3 50:
superfine, $2 UOi^VS 35: tine, $2 «Kg*2 30. South
ern flour, quiet, easy; common to fair extra, $2 40 i
@3 00 pood to choice. $3 00&3 30. Rye flour,
quiet, steady; $2 40b$2 b5. Buckwheat flour, (1 20. ;
BUCKWHEAT— 4O@42c
CORNMKAL — Quiet, easy; yellow Western,
f 2 05&2 10: Krandywine, $2 16.
RYE— Nominal; No. 2 Western. 40@44' «,c.
BARLEY— Quiet; ungraded Western, 39(<£41c. |
BARLEY MALT— Nominal; Western. 4»(a.53c. j
WliKAT— Dull, easier, with options closing firm:
f. o. b. 76Vs c to arrive; ungraded red,62@79c; No.
1 Norther';., 6M ;8 c to arrive.
Options were weak at %@%c decline on easier
cables, lower West and local liquidations. July ;
1 ill September most active. No. 2 red. May,
B;>3. 8 c: June. 69c; July, 69c; September, 683/ 8 c; |
December, TOVst'- L
COUN— DuII, easier. No. 2, 351,4 c; elevator, |
36i/ic afloat.
Options were dull and weak at VB@%c decline, <
following the West and on local realizing. Sep- |
tember and July most active. May, 35V^c; July,
353^c: September, 36% c
OaTS- Dull, mixed easier.
Options dull, easier. May, June and July, 24V*c.
Spot prices: No. 2. 24V*@24^ic; No. a white,
26Vic; No. 2 Chicago, 26^(aj*'s^4c: No. 3, 24c: No.
3 while, 25c; mixed Western, lsr^26c; white do :
and white State, 26^@28i^c,
FEED BRAN— '
M IDDLINOS-65@*OC
RYE— Feed, easier, 65c.
Provisions.
BEEF— Quiet: extra India $7@B: beef hams
dull, fl4 60@15; tierced beef slow; exira India!
mess,?l3@l& cut meats quiet, unchanged: bellies, I
pickled U£ pounds, 4 Vic; do shoulders, 4Vac: do
hams, 9<di9Vi>C.
LARD— Nominal; Western. $490; city, 20; !
May. $4 90; Refined, quiet; continent, $5 25:
bouth American. *."> 60: compound, 4 1 + c.
PORK— Quiet, weak; old mess, $8 75@9 25; new
mess, $9 25. ■
BUTTER— Quiet; fancy, fairly active; State
dairy. B(sls^c: do creamery. ll@16c: Western 1
dairy. 7@llc; do creamery, ll($15c: do held, 1
9(g.11c: do factory, 7®loc; itlgins, 15y 2 l@6c; !
imitation creamery, 8 l .A(*l -<•• V. '■ ; -..-
CHEESE— Quiet; new, easy; State large, new ;
6%@Bc; do new. 6*4(g,8y 2 c: do small, old, 4y 3 \
(a-luc: part skims, old, Stg-ih^t:; do, new, 2@sc;
full skims, 2(a.'JJAc.
EGGs — Steady : State and Pennsylvania, IOV2® 1
lie; Southern, B*jißVsc; Western fresh, 9@loV^sc; 1
do, per case, $1 25@-^ 10.
TALLOW— DuII, city, 3 3-l«fA3i4c: :conntry,
3yg(S.3y 4 c.
COTTONSEED OlL— Quiet, steady: erode. 21 •
i @21i*jc: yellow, prime, 26@26V*c; do oS grades,
2o<ji!sVfec.
ROSlN— Quiet, weak; strained, common to
good, $1 80@l 85.
POTATOES— Weak.
TURPENTINE— DuII. easy. 26Vi@s / 4c
RlCE— steady. Domestic fair to extra, 3@9^4c;
Japan, 3@4i.4c.
MOLASSES— Firm; New Orleans open Kettle,
good to choice, 27@37c.
COFFEE— Easy,:&(SIO pointsdown; May 13 OS®
13 10: July. $124 0; September, $1140; October.
$10 95@11; December. $10 66@10 70. Spot Rio. i
quiet, steady; No. 7, 14y B @l4i/ic.
SUGAR— Raw easier, quiet, fair refining 3<£fec; 1
centrifugals. 96 test, 4ygc: refined, firm, quiet: !
oil a. 4 11-16@5c: mold A, 6S/gc; standard
A, 58/ 8 c; confectioners' A, 61,4 c; cut loaf. 6c:
crushed, 6c; powdered and granulated, 53/gc;
cubes, 6%c, ■: ■ • , ;
Fruit and Produce.
CALIFORNIA FRUITS
ALMONDS— Nominal.
WALNUTS— Nominal.
APRICOTS— Bags, BVa®loc.
PEACHES—PeeIed, %i lb, 10@12e: do nn
peeled. f 'r,Tc.
PRUNES- Four sizes. sc.
RAISINS— Two-crown loose muscatel. 3c; three
crowu do. 3 3 / iWi4c: four-crown do, - 4y 2 @sc: do
London layers, 90c@$i.
HOPS — Quiet, easy; State common to choice,
2*/i(a.Hc: Pacific Coast, 2y @7c.
WOOL— Quiet: domestic neece, 16@21c; pulled,
16®33c; Texas, 7©l2c.
Merchandise.
PIG IRON— Quiet: American. »10 75@13 60.
COPPER-Firm: lake. $I'l 95@11 -2b.
LEAD— Quirt; domestic. $3 05.
TIN-Firm: straits. *13 46@1S 65; plates,
moderately active.
bPELTi^K-Quiet: domestic $4 05@4 10.
CHICAGO MARKETS.
CHICAGO, 111, May 15.— As far as was con
sistent with a dull and inactive market, wheat was
firm this morning. The tone was derived from re
ports of damage by bugs. Somebody exhibited a
few samples of the growing wheat from Indiana
and Ohio which were Infested with chinch bugs,
but whether the samples represented the general
condition or only isolated parts was a matter for
the observer to exercise his imagination on. The
weather was favorable throughout the West, that
being a check on the bull endeavor. Liverpool ca
bles were firm and 14c 1 . higher. Receipts at Chicago
were five cars and 28,110 bushels were taken from
store.
The Northwest had 274 cars against 351 last
Friday and 142 a year ago. Export clearances
were fair at 373,640 bushels. The market- was
sold off after noon on a rumor that Thoman had
issued a bearish report, but if he did the figures
were caret illy guarded. Closing continental cables
were lower. A drought which has been prevailing
in France was broken to-day, New York reporting
foreign selling orders on the news and sending In
turn commissions for a like action in this market.
July wheat opened from 6^B,'s fl i /2 c, sold be
tween 633/4 c and 62^(0,62%, closing at the inside
l@lVs c ui.der yesterday, intimated receipts for
to-morrow six cars.
CORN— Was an unattractive deal. Speculation
was of no consequence, being only local in its
character. Holders of privileges were using every
effort to recover their investment, but found the
operation rather trying in view of the modest
fluctuations. Wheat afforded the motive for
change in prices. Receipts were 157 cars and
431,367 bushels were withdrawn from store. l.x
port clearances amounted to 110,338 bushels. The
close was weak in sympathy with the leading
market. July corn opened nt 29% c, sold between
l 9"' 8 @;-t0c and 2a%c, closing at the inside s/ s c
under yesterday. Estimated . receipts for to-mor
row 250 cars.
OATS— Were quiet. The movement : of prices
reflected the feeling of wheat and corn, and, like
the crade in those grains, that of oats was re
stricted to local and scalping transact. Re
ceipts were 148 cars, and 195,782 bushels were
withdrawn from store. July oats closed Vs(<P'4c
lower, r.sumaied . receipts for to-morrow, '200
cars.
FLAX— Was firm. Cash, 87 Vjc: May, 84c
nominal ; July, 85y 3 c. . nominal; September, 871 AC
bid. 88c asked. Receipts were five cars.
PROVISIONS— The hog market communicated
firmness and weakness to product. At rim the
impulse wag to advance on reports of a gain of 5c
at the yards, but second advices were not so en
couraelne, and product readily responded. Jniv
pork closed 12Vi(§,lEc lower, July lard 2y»C lower
hiil July ribs 7Va®lo'- lower.
BUTTER— Finn makes of butter were in light
supply and good demand and were firm to-day.
Creameries— Extras, 16c; firsts, 14@14y 2 c: sec
onds. ll@13o: Imitations, fancy, 10@llc Dairies—
Extras lac; firsts. 10 (§ lie: seconds. 9c.
Ladles— Extras. 9@loc; firsts, 8@8»Ac; packing
stock, /c.
' EGGS— strictly fresh were wanted, and the feel
ing was steady for them. Fresh stock, B(g>9c per
dozen.
MONEY-Was 6% on call and 6®7x on time
loans. New York exchange sold at 800 premium.
.'. ».", Closing;: Prices.
WHEAT — May. 611,4 c; July, 62V4@625/ a c-
Keptember. 63y B e. ■ .v*u«"w:.
CORN - May. 28y a c; July. 29V4,c; Septem
OATS^-May. 19c; July, ' 19«/s@19i^c; Septem
u.Vls-May, 19c; July, 19-y»@l9i/2C: Septem
ber,* 1934 - >.-.;-• -• .:■.■■■
PORK— July. $7 «7V5,-. September. $7 85.
LARD— JuIy, $4 65; September, *4 80.
UlßS— July, f4 05; September, $4 16.
Livestock. '
I.MON STOCKYARD.-, li.v, May 16.-The
demand for cattle to-da£ was light. The supply
was rather large for a l-'riday and prices were
weaker. Arrivals of boss were not as larce as e\
p«cted and ear.y sales were at 6c advance, but the
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY. MAY 16, 1896.
close was not so strong. Heceipts of sheep were
fair. The market was fulrlv active and steady.
CATTLK — Receipts, 5000. Fancy beeves,
$4 40(J(i« 50: choice to prime, 1300 to 1700 pound
steers. $4 20(a> t 35: good to choice steers, 1200
to 1600 pounds. $4 00<S>4 15: medium steers. 1000
to 1400 pounds. $3 HO'atX 95: common to fair steers.
950 10 1400 pounds. $2 5U®3 76: choice feeders.
900 to 1150 pounds. $3 'o(a4 00: common to choice
stockers. #2 85(q,3 65: bulls and stags, choice to
extra. $3 O(Ka3 40; bulls, poor 10 choice, $_' 00$
" 90; cows and heifers. extra.s3 75@4 00; cows, fair
to choice, *2 40ioi i 70: cows, common to fair,
$1 50^2 3.»: calve?, good to choice- $4 60
W4 85: calves, common to good. $3®4 40; Texas
grass steers, $2 70.0.3 30; Texas fed steers. S3 40
(a,4 15: Texlis cows and bulls. $2 40@3 40; milkers
and springers, per bead, #-JOtrj 10.
HOGS— Receipts, 18.00 a linn packing ana
shipping lots, $3 25i(i3 45: common to choice
mixed, .;:> 2.Ya:-t st>. choice assorted, $3 45(<j,3 55;
light, $3 V Sift 3 50; pigs. $2 75&3 45.
SHEtP— Receipts. 10,000. Inferior 10 choice,
93 60 i£ 3 90; ltliibs, $3 25 3.5
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, N. V.. May 15.— R. G. Dun A Co.
In their weekly review of trade to-morrow will say:
Failures for the week have been 224 in the United
States, against 211 last year, and S3 in Canada,
against 37 last year. It is now the middle of Mar ,
too late for business to change materially until the
prospocts of coming crops are assured and definite
shape has been given to the Presidential contest
by the conventions. Until the future is more clear
there is a prudent disinclination to 'produce much
beyond orders or to order beyond immediate and
certain needs. If this waiting spirit prevails two
months longer It will crowd into the last half of
the year an enormous business if the outlook then
is good. For the present there is less business
than a year ago, though in some branches more,
and the delay following months of depression is
to many trying and caused numerous failures.
Speculative markets are comparatively inactive,
but the stock market is stagnant, and the average
price of railroad stocks has declined less than 1 per
cent tor the week and the average of trust stocks
only about half of 1 per cent. An attempt was
made to manufacture excitement in cotton out of
the Government report, but the price closed
exactly as it began the week, and the port receipts
have been actually larger than last year. All cur
rent Arguments based on the assumption that the
quantity used in manufacture had been or is now
at a maximum rate are disproved by the closing
of many mills for want of demand and the general
effort to reduce wages, which have cans -d some
strikes. Wheat is unchanged In spite of all rumors.
The volume of domestic business, thougn large
in tome brunches, is represented by payments
through clearing-houses 13.3 per cent smaller
than last year. The railroad earnings have been
for the first week of May 3.8 per cent larger than i
last year, showing a tritle better than the returns I
for April. The most fortunate of the chief indus
tries at present is the boot and shoe manufacture,
which is not only shipping to customers within 6
per cent of the largest number of cases ever for
warded in the first half of May, but is getting
many new orders and there are mauy urgent re
quests to anticipate orders for June and July de
liver.v, indicating that distribution to consumers
has outrun executions. Prices are unchanged at
the lowest average vet reached, but there is a
rather rapid advance in bides at Chicago and
leather begins to stiffen a little.
The iron and steel industry, on the other hand,
is pronounced as dull as it ever has been at Pitts
'burg, in part because of doubt about the mainten- ■
ance of prices recently advanced, and the demand i
is so small that in spite of such advances prices'
average 1.2 per cent lower for the week, Bessemer
pig being no higher than it was three months ago, 1
ami No. 1 anthracite is lower. The attempt to I
hold common bar at 1.2 c leads many large con
sumers to prefer steel bars, which sell at I.lc, and
prices of nails are expected to be reduced because
of scanty demand. There is much promise for
future structural work, but orders are deferred.
Textile mills are not yet gaining. Enormous i
bargain sales of cotton dress goods and of ready- '
made woolen clothing have hindered order* at any
price which the mills can afford to take, and most
have partly supplied the needs of consumers. For
some cotton goods a more active demand appears, ]
and low-grade bleached are an eighth higher, but I
Lonsdale ana Fruit of Loom 4x4 goods are cut to '
6%c and unsold stocks of many kinds are heavy.
Curtailment of production, partly by intention and .
partly by differences about wages, has not yet j
brought the improvement hoped for. Sale** of
wool have been a litile larger hi- past week. The
large drives in clothing have cleared out stocks of
some ready- mtide concerns, but check new bus.
ness, and the general disposition is to postpone or
ders as far as possible.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK, N. V., May 15.— Bank clearing
totals at the principal cities for the week ended
May 14. with comparisons, as telegraphed to
Brad street's:
Percentage
Citie9. Amount. Inc. Dec.
New York *572. -&3, > 18.0
Boston 8H.326.717 8.»
Chicago 9.">. 874,151 5.0 !
Philadelphia 59,192,182 16.4 ,
St. Louis 24,529,160 3.8
Pittsburg 15,904,374 16.9
Cincinnati 12,104.600 8.4!
Baltimore..-. 14,917.332 1&8
Ban Francisco 13,091,062 83
KansasClty 9,228,692 12.7
New Orleans 7,E94,".!39 2.3
Louisville 6,t515,.:40 18.»
Detroit 8.88&,MU 10.5
Minneapolis B 747,0«r 3.8
Cleveland 6.151, 12.0
Providence. 4.605.400 16.9
MilwauKee 4.9V9.:0, 4.6
lndianaooils 3,814,006 16 4
Buffalo 4,92*,618 98
St. Paul 4,591. 7.2
Omaha 4.427.150 33.5
Denver 2,438.798 14.1
Salt Lake 1,507,789 0.0
Los Angeles 1.308,897 12.1
Portland, Or 937.337 19.6
Tacoma 479.69 21.3
Seattle 58 .345 23.9
Spokane— • 475.014 24.0
Totals U. S $1,..09,0U9,"-78 12.3
Outside of New YorK
City 446,15-1,046 86
DOMINION (IF CANADA.
Totals $20,828,825
NEW \uli«v STOCKS^
Bonds, Exchange, Money and Railroad
Share*.
Honey on call easy at 2%@3:;: last loan at 2 1 •>!,';
and closing offered at 2%V- Ptime mercantile
paper, 5©5J^,... Bar silver, tgc Mexican dollars. >
&3V«c fining exchange is dull, with actual J
business in DoiiKers' bills at. $4 b"%@* 87»4 for '
Sixty clays and $4 HB% for demand. I'uniea
rat**. ** 88' 8 89%. Commercial bills, SI 80%
koi 87%. government bonds quiet; Stale bond*
dull; railroaa bonds steady. Silver at the board
was quiet. -
CLO6IXO STOCKS.
X m Tel A Cable-.. 91 | Norfolk A Wet" ... Vs
itcnlson *4»/i| Preferred. 8s, H
Preterred 2 -V* Northern PactOo.. s, 8 '
Adams express.. .l 47 Preferred 12
AHon.TerreHautsi 55 Konnweat«rn.... i . l°4y 8
American Expre»a.ll4 1 Preferred l*s
American Tobacco. 64*4 N. Y. central »6%
Preferred .. 98 N.Y.Cblcaco&iLl, 13
Eaybtatevias i!S s /i Ist preferred..... <8
U»iumor» & Ohio.. 17 1/*1 /* id preferred. 32
BrunswicK Lands- *ys *• >•* *• U... __A 73
Buffalo. Koch P. -4', 3 N. V«fc Sew Kng. 46
Canada Pacific. ... i •J*V*,N. V. Busq* W.« By,
Canada Southern,, 49» /4 Preferred _ 2a: 2
Canton Land - 607 Ontano l3Va
Central PaclOo..^ 14 Ontario Western, liv*
l 1 eg. A 0hi0....... 16i/ Oregon Improving 1
Chicago Alton 154 1 Preferred. —
PreTerrea 170 Oregon Navigation. J4
Chicago. B. A <4.... 7»% OrftKon buok lib*. 7i£
Chicago AX. 111... 41 I n .l.c ilali 2&i 4
Preferred. 9ai, B ireona. ii.A. Evans. 23. 4
Cblcagouaa 67s /4 Pittsburgh W pfd. 15
Cleve& Pitts bur*. 162 jftillman Palace... 157
Consolidation Coat. 30 Quicksilver m 1
Consolidated Uas..l*>JV2 Preferred........ 15
C. C.C.ASL Louis. 33 iPeaaing Hls/0
Preferred. 83 [KloGrande<fcW*stH 18
Cola Foal A Iran.. VBV4 Prelerred. _ , 73
Preferred. - ** Rock Island 69'^
Lotion Oil Cert.... 13 BomeWat <tOgdenll4
Commercial Cable. I.V) ft. L. it S. v*  41/3
Lei. Hudson 125 I Preferred. „ KHz,
1 «-..ljickAWeßlernl. ■' tt.Paul 77i^
DenTer«il.u» 1 ! ' 4' Preifcrred...,.....l2«i /S
Preferred. _ 47 V4 t<t- Paul A Duloto. 23
I litUlers « 17%! Preferred......... 86
■Utncral iCluctrio... B' ' - ft. Paul A Oman*. 4:-U/i
trie «- 14Vi Preferred 124
Preferred 36»/i eu P. il. Jt M......112
Fort Wayne 160 silver Ceruncatej.. 6S
lireaiNoriheruDta.il s Southern Pacino.^ 19
Grcenitay yy 2 >oumern it X..... I 4
Harlem 29& 1 Preferrea. ■ Vfli/4
UocklntcCoal jJfnl|Si 8enaery....122%
Hocking VaUsr... 16V^- Preferred. 103
Uomestatce :.. SI Tinn. Coal A Iron, •i,
11. & Texas Cent.. '-»% Preferred .100
Illinois Central.... 9&V a ,Texas Pacific 814
lowa Central....... S', 4 '101.A.A.A N..\iicH.— —
Preierrea......._ S3v<jlol. & Ohio Cen.... 3'i ,
KciibAi <£ Texas. — lli, 4 ; Preferred 73
Preferred 24:5 /4 lol.bt.Loulsdt 6y a
Kingston & Pern.., 3 , < Preferred. ......... •_
Lake Erie iKWestn 17 V. L'nlon Paclllo 7'- _.
Preferred ,-i*W I P.. Yen. * Oolt' 3
l.a*9 Hhors .14><V4 L ••*• Cordag*...^^ 4%
National Lead...... 25 I Preferred «. in..
Preferred. „ '.<< Gnarantoed. « 15
I onir island 60 1. B. Express...^. 92i/ 2
Looisville A Nash. 4 9 '/8/ 8 V . b. Leather....... 9 -
lxuisvUlarvatfcUo. <) » a Preferred.: -. 63%
Preferred......... iO Ruober „ 233,.
nnaunn Consoi. lOSVa Preferred.. 7"i'»
Mnnpnis ACnarls. 15 IHlca B. River.. lso'
Mexican Central... 10 IVV'ab. a. L. & Pao.. a\u
Michigan Central.. S3V«i Preferred. _ 17 1
Wlnn.fcß.jj.. — jWcllvFarsra....^.. 97
Preferrea.........-^ JWcstern 1 uiou.._ Hi%
Wlnn. A Ht. Lcom. 18 WisCentral. ........ 1
Ist preferred 78 Wheeling A U 8.. 9.%
20 preferred....^, 49 i Preferred......... 35
Ulnsourt I'aclflo.... 24% Am Cotton OU pfo. 65
JJoblleA Ohio lHi' a VV U 8ee!.....' 7*4
NaahvlUe Chatt.... 68 Ann Arbor.. , «ti /3
National Linseed.. 17 t Preferred 25
K. J. Central 104% Brooklyn Traction. 231
North American... 5Vi Erie 'M pfd.. 21Va
CIOStVO bonds.
U re 5.. ....... lUB%|M Ktm 69
Co. 4s coupon... 109 Do, 4s. 86
V S4snewreK.....ll7i^ 1 Mutual Union 0*... 114 ft
If. 4s c0up0n. ..117i /8 N J Cent Gen 65. ..119 .
Da 25.... 94 ii, Northern Pac ISIS.U6V4
Do, 65....V.......11-4VB Do 205...... 113
l'o. fj» oouiion ll'Jfv,} Do. SCs 7l'-. a
Cl:eroke«4t. 189t». JOb iNortnwesi Consols. 1«1
I'O, 1897 100 i Do, aeb 55........ IOBV2
10. li'fiß.. 100 OR&N Ist*.. .-.;.n0"
In. 1889......... 100' BtL<tlronMtUenS« 7HV a
rsclnc ha 0f '95.... Ist Lift S F G*n 6s. 112%
C. »-6 5s .*..... 1091/ i Paul Conso'.i ...ISO
Ala Class A 4. 100 itt. P. C. *Pa Ists. 117 Vi
Do. Clasi B 4, 6s. 10 i Do. Pac Cal <««.. 110
LnConaol4s. \97 , f-outliern X p ss. pa>/,
lli»Bourl funding:..— «• I Texas Paclnc flrjts 90 Vi
X Carolina con 65.. 124 ! Texas Pacseconoa. ■22
**>. *•.....■..;.::. 10* TnionPac l»tor»8. 103
60 Carolina 4i,,5. .. 108 ; ! West Shore 4s. 106
lennnewsss 83 Mobile & Ohio 4«.. 6614
.v ft funding deDe... til 14 li UrnnoeWest lsti 758?
}'<*> «*B .*..'. Ctiesd:O6s 107X£
i-o. deterred 65... 5 |Atchlson 45........ 791?
r-. trust rcDU st 6 I Uo.2asA.._ r tKJ
ranaca South 2<Js.. 104% o H A 8 A 6s 105
i^*"?, V 1"V 1 " or ' 95 102 I I-o. 2d 7s. .......102
»*»«ltt 110 Hi Tex Cent6i:.lOS
Ffr°-«"-'«"F fr°- «"-'«"- 91 ' Do.con6s 1»2
f rle^<»» 6"i 1.4 Beading 4s 795/.
£**?*, r * Consols 72Vs Mib*ouri tt4 100
>» ra Itts iit-nutvlll '
FOREIGN MAKKETS.
WHEAT IN UVEBPOOU
LIVERPOOL, E.v.}.. May 15.— The spot market
27 Bt ßd dy at BS 41/ a d @ Bs s^ d - Car *>'Oes steady at
FUTURES.
The Produce Exchange cable gives th» following
i v «f r P^° l quotations for No. 2 Red Wlater: Mar.
as Si/ad; June, 5s a d; July, 5s BfAdi August, 5s
4d; September, 6s 4d
. BKCUBITIE3.
LONDON, Kjcn.. May 15.-Cony.lv 112%: sil
ver. 31%J: French Rentes. 102f 67^c.
KXCUANGE AND BULLION!
Sterling Exchange. 60 days - $4 HHI4
sterling Exchange, sight :z:: — IS* 1
Sterling fables — 4 90
New -YorkV ork Exchange, sight — 12%
P»ew York Exchange, telegraphic. — 16
tine Silver. V ounce — «8
Mexican Dollars ... 64% 65
PRODUCE MARKET.
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Nothing doin«r. No. 1, $1 06Vi@
1 07 Va: choice, $1 oH»4<a>l 10: lower grades, $1
@1 05: extra choice fur milling, $1 16@1 20.
■ (ALL BOARD BALKS. •
Informal session— lo o'clock— December— 9oo
tons, $1 05 V4.
Rkodlar jmorninq Skssion— December— looo
I tons. $1 04«/ a; 500, $1 04%.
I AFTKRNI.O.V session— December— l2oo tons,
I $1 04 T/g.
. BARNEY— Futures are higher and spot (train
continues firm. Feed, 72V 2 @75c; choice, 76y*@
77V 3 c; Brewin , 80@85c. &
CALL BOARD BALBS.
Informal Skssion— lo o'clock— December— 100
tons, 76c.
Hhu-i.ar Morning Session— December—
tons. 76 % C ; 200, 75% c
Afternoon Skssiun — No sales.
OATS— Milling are quotable at 76@H2Vic V ctl;
fancy Feed, 82ViC«b7^3C: good to choice. 76@80c;
j PriT9oc®sf : Ura>l I* l ****-' * ur
j CORN - Large Yellow, 883 /+ (&92Vic > ctl;
Small Round do, 97y c(*$l; White, bs®9oc » ctl.
KYK— 76>-4ra,7B&ic %* ctl.
BUCK W H AT-65@90C ii ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTCFFS.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras,
$3 75@3 85 •$ bbl : Bakers' extras, $3 55©d 65;
1 superiine, $2 75@3.
CORXMEAL, ETC.— Feed Corn, $20@20 50;
Cracked Corn, $21 f\ ton.
MILLSTUFFS-Prlcesin 10- to sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour,
28ic; Rye Flour. 3i/ic: Rice Flour. 7^c: Corn
meal, 23 /4 (g;3 c; extra cream do. 3»-"C; Oatmeal,
334 c; Oat Groats, 4Vsc; Hominy, 4(g>4V»c; Buck
wheat Flour, 4c; Cracked Wheat, 31,2 c; Farina,
4%c: Whole Wheat Flour, 3c; Rolled' Outs. 4Vj.c;
I£, ar L B * rle *' 41 /ac: bpllt Peas, 4%c; Green do,
OV4C f* ft.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
BRAN— SI 4 50@16 "^ ton.
MIDDLINGS— $16@17 ? ton for lower grades
and $17 60@18 60 "$ ton for the best.
FEEDSTUFFS — Rolled Barley, $16@16 60;
Oilcake Meal at the mill, $20 ft ton; jobbing. $21;
j Cottonseed Oilcake, $21 fi ton.
HAY — Prices show no material change. Wheat,
$B@ll 50: Oat, *7(&!): Wheat and Oat,sß@ll: Bar
i ley, $7@B 50: Alfalfa, S7@9; Clover, $6@7 50:
, Compressed Oat, SB 50@8; Compressed Wheat, $7
($lO 60; Stock, *6@7 f^ ton.
STRAW— f* bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
BEANS— Bayos are quotable at 90c@$l ft ctl;
Small Whites, $1 26@1 40 x>. ctl: Pea, $1 25®
1 46? ctl; large Whites. 81@1 15 V ctl : PlnK,
t<s@97i^c; Reds, $1 26; BlacKeye. $1 40(0.1 66:
Red Kidney. $1 60@l 65: Limas. $2 60<a>2 76;
' Butters, $1 40@l 60 for small and $1 26@1 '60 for
; large.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard Is quotable at $1 50
:@2 25 * ctl; Trieste. $2«42 60 'f, ctl: Yel
low Mustard, $1 -t>.a,i 50; 1 lax, $1 70@l SO; Ca
nary, -'3,4 c»* ft; Alfalfa, 7Va^9VaC V- ft; Rape,
21 L-cL -c 9 ft; Hemp, 3V^c « ft. :
DRIED PEAS— SI .'s@l 40 t» ctl for Nlles and
$1 25<$1 46 for Green.
I POTATOES, ONIONS, VEGETABLES.
POTA TOES— The Oregon steamer brought down
6630 sacks, but the market rules steady. New Po
tatoes are higher at 85c@.$l 25 f* c;l; River Bur
l.a.iks, 45.i.:.(i- || c.i, Oregon. Burbanks, 60@
75c ctl: Oregon Garnet Chl'es. 70@85c 1". ctl;
Early Hose, 65(<575c; PetalSlM and Tomales, 65
@70c ft ctl; Humboldt Burbatiks. 60@76ti "£ ctL
ONIONS — are almost gone and nominal at
$1 60M.1 75. New Onions are weak at 60^80c V>
ctl.
VEGETABLES— ArrivaIs were 570 boxes As
paragus, 3-JO boxes Rhubarb and 535 sacks Peas. !
The market showed no change of any conse
, auence.
Summer Squash, $1 25@1 60 9 box: Egg Plant,
I.V: ■ ft; Los A neeles Tomatoes, $1 60<a,2 i* box;
Mexican Tomatoes, nominal; Cucumbers, 50e
(g:ijl ■{* dozen; Asparagus, $I@2 'f> box (or ordi
nary an $2 25(5.2 50 for extra: Ithubarb, 60c@$l;
Dried Peppers, 7@9c: Oreen Peppers, . 15c %> ft;
Green Peas, 7r>c^,sl 25 ft nk for common and 2^c
V lb for Garden; String Beans, 8(0.1 lc $ ft for Los
Angeles and 12VsC tor Winters; Horse Beans, 35
■4 •■•»'.■ r' sack: Dried Okra. 12V^c; new Cabbage,
40c > ctl; Garlic. 4V4@sc 1* ft.
l'-ITTEH, CUEKSK AND EGGS.
BUTTER— The market is in very fair shape for
i sellers, the demand being satisfactory and stocks
! moderate. .
< kkamert — Fancy, 14c; seconds, 13@13^0
V It.. .'■■••:
Dairy— Fancy, 13-: good to choice, 12@12V' 2 c;
lower grades, 1 l«i 1 ! 1 L .c
CHKESK— Is weak and in ample supply. Fancy
1 mild new is quotable at 7c V ft: common to good,
6@«Viac; crt-am Cheddar, 10<g,l lc ■$ ft: Young
America. B@9c f> ft: Western, 10@llc; Eastern.
l^lSi^c.
EUGS— No cbanee to report. Oregon I'*?s, lie Hi
dozen; Eastern Egfrs, llfd.n\ 2 r; Store Eggs, ll.js
12c: rnncu Eggs, 12@13VaC: Duck Eggs, 14ui5c
, %t dozen.
POULTRY AND GAME.
POULTRY— The market Is quiet and wenk.
! Live Turkeys quotable at 12y 3 @l6c ID for Gob
-1 blers, 12@il5c %4 ft lor liens: Geese, 9 pair. $1©
! 125: Goslings, $1 2,1,0.1 76; Ducks, $4@5 for old
: and $i(OjU 60 for young: Hens, $3 6O&I4 50;
itoosters, younn, $6 60@7 60: do, old, .f4i,i.; 50;
• Fryers, $6 60©; C; Broilers. *S il. r > for large and $•.(«
8 for small; Pigeons, Si 60 for young and $1 50
1 for old.
GAME— Is noglected and nominal. Hare, 50®
; 75c: Rabbits, $1 25 for Cottontails and $I@l 25 \\
I dot for small.
! LiKCIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
ORCHARD FRUITS— Arrivals of Cherries were
1902 ».oxes, idling at So@soc for White and Red
and fiO< (g,sl "3 box for Black. The canners bought
1 While at 4c || ft. Arrivals are in better condition,
but the demand is slow, which explains the de
, cline in prices.
liEP.RiM>._ Receipts of Strawberries were 497
chests. f.elliuf at $s@B chest for Longworths
and *3 50@5 lor large berries. ■ .;■-
Gooseberries. 25©30 c V drawer and 2@3c » ft
in neks for small and So@4oc drawer and S@
4c ft In bulk for large. :
: Raspberries, $1 25 drawor; Newcastle R»sp
, berries broucht $1 BO P I rale.
No Blackberries from Southern California.
Cnrranis. 76@>90c '(<• box-.
I URAPI-.s— j.uyers continue to bid $30 ton In
, th<- northern districts, but growers generally de
; ( line to sell. to . j r
j CITRUS FRUITS- Limes are in lighter receipt
; and nrnier. c, ranees. $1 35ftfi2 » box for Seed
. llnits, $2 50 ( u,4 for Navels, $1 75@2 75 for Malta
; Bloods an.) #1 ftt)@2 50 for Mediterranean Sweets;
Lemons, 75cg>$i 25 for common and $1 50@.' 50
I lor good to Choice; Mexican Limes, $5 60@8: Ba
, lianas, $l(a.J %i bunch; Pineapples, $a@6 fT dozen.
' DRIED FRUIT.-*; RAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
! At last the market shows signs of doing better;
During the last day or two a first-rate demand for
: both 1 ried Fruit and Raisins is reported, both for
: local and ahiuplng account, and free sales are being
I raaae. The Eastern markets show no particular
Improvement, however.'
Di;iKl» FKUirs-The following prices rule on
the Fruit Exchange:
j Carload Lots- Apples, li.' 3 ®2c *ft for qnar
; terea, 2c for sliced and 4®4Vic tor evaporated :
reaches. ai/l®4c and 6c for fancy; A pricou, (>i/»r«
8c for prime to choice, 9c for fancy and 10@llc >>
; !b lor fancy Moorpark: Figs, black. ■ 2V»c for an
pressed: White Pigs, 4c In sacks: Pears, 7c ,■s»
ft for evaporated halves, 3y 2 @6c "c* ft for quarters;
Prunes, 3@»V*r: Hums, :i'/,c » ft for pitted »nd
lW«2c for unpltted; Nectarines, S%@6c %4 ft tor,
prune to choice anil 6%c for fancy. » 
Jobbing Pricks— Evaporated Annies, 4@4^c
V»; sun-arle<l,iv,iftL2c: Peaclies. 2i/4(a4c and s@«c
I tor fancy; peeled in boxes. 11&.12» «c; Prunes, 4c
for four sizes, s(b.sVi|C for 40©50's and 4U,r<4sc
•or .)0(-i60'.s; Apricota. t'Vj@9c for prime to choice
lO&llc for fancy Moorpark: Figs, black, 8V»c:
I white lip.i, ( (usc: Pears, 8c fi ft for evapor
! ated halves, and 4®7iAo for quarters; Plums,
i •■»Vi@4c for pitted and l(aHVsc for unnltted; Nee
| tar lies, 4@6c %> ft for prime to choice." 
RAISI.ns AND DRIED GRAPES- Prices are as
i follows, carload lots, f. o. b. San Francisco: Four
crown, loose. SJ/ic v ft;.3-crown. loise. 2V£e: 3
crown. 2c; seedless sultanas. 3y 2 fg>33ic: seedless
Muscatels, 2i,s«n.'-« 4 c; three-crown London layers
ll l c ,f^° '- clusters. $1 Ss@l 60: Dehesa clusters.
$2 10®'.: •. 1 5: imperial clusters, $2 60(52 75: Dried
ti rapes. 9 m. .
Jobbing Prices— Four-crown -loose, 3V' 8 c; .3
-| crown, »*4 - 1 c. 2-crown, 2V 4 @2^c Seedless Sul
tanas, 4c V ft: Seedless Muscatels. 3c;- 3-crown
London larers,7s@9oc: clusters, $1 60@l 75:
innosa clusters, $-• 60: Imperial clusters, *2 75;
! Dr!e»l O rapes, _. . • .
- NUTS— Walnuts ar<» *- quota!) <■ at 9@llc ■« ft
for No. 1 hard and ll®l3c f* ft for paper-shell, job-
I blng lots; Almonds, 6M»7Vic f% ft for Languedoc
I and BV*i@loc for paper-shell, jobbing; Peanuts. 5Va
i ©. c for ta^tern and 4V4@s^c for California: Hick
; ory Ruts, 6@6c; Pecans, 6c for rough and 8c for
polished-. Filberts, B@9c: Brazil Nuts. 9@loc *
lb;(.ocoiiiiuts,*4 50@5 i> 100. - :
Hi»-KY-Comb is <motab!e at 10@12cf) ft for
bright and B(§9c $ tt, for lower grades; water
,l,° extracted, s<s,sy c ?> lb; light amber ex
tr?f£l?i*H%l%«: dsr * amber. 4c; dark, 2@3c.
. Bfa-fc*WAJC-:>6@27M,c y lb. W
PROVISIONS. « •
RED MEATS- Dealers report the market dull.
Bacon is quotable at 6c . 9 lb for heavy. 7c $
for light medium, 9c j» .lb tor light, 10c for extra
light and 12c ft tb for sugar-cured: Eastern Sugar
cured Hams, liy»c; California Hams. 10c >» th;
Mess Beef $7 60<jMI; extra mess do, $8 60<a9: fam
ily do, $10; extra prime Pork. $8 50@«; extra
?tf R « I 1I 1 * * bbl: meß3 « * 12 * bbl : Smoked Beef,
lUC f\ Uh
LARD— Eastern, tierces is quoted at 6 Vie alb
for compound and 63 /4 c for pure: pails, 7i/»c: Cali
fornia tierces, 6l /4 e tor compound and t>V4c for
mre: half-bbls, B *"**% C! 10- lb tins, 7 4 c; do 5 -">'
' S A C v ib.
COITULENE— 6%c in tierces and 7%c * n> in
10-tt» tins.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
The market continues to look better in sympa
thy with the Eastern markets, but prices show no
advance. Tallow is very dull.
HIDES AND SKINS — Heavy salted steers,
6V-K&7C $ H>; culls and brands, 6i,j,@6c f( ft;
medium, s%@Bc .$ lb: culls and brands, 41/2
@sc; light, 6c; culls and brands. 4c: Cowhides, 5c
IP lb; culls and brands, 4c: salted Kip. 4c ft ft;
(salted Calf. 6@7c; salted Veal. sc: dry Hides. 9
&10c; culls and brands. 7ysc: dry Kip and Veal,
7<&bc; cuns. s@6c: dry Call, 15c: cutl», 10c: Goat
sKins, 20tai35c each; Kids. sc; Deerskins, good
6ummer,26@3oc: medium. ls@26c; winter, 9@loc;
bhc-ppsklnu, shearlings, 10@15c each; short wool,
*ofe3sceach; medium, 40<g,50c eacli ; lone wools,
66c each. Culls of all kinds about V,c less.
TALLOW— No. 1, rendered, 3Vi@»%c; No. 2, 3c:
refined, sVa®s3/4C; Grease. 2y 3 c V ft.
%\ OOL— Jacob Wollner's circular says: "Arrivals
to date In this market are short about 15.000 bales
and the presumption is that, owing to the low
prices of Wool, a great many wool-growers are
keening their Wools at home. In a small way |
there have been a good many lots of Wool sold to ■
the general trade. Eastern manufacturers' agents
have not received orders or scoured Wool, al
though they worked hard sending samples at what
Is considered a very low price. The London sales
are now in progress, but are riot satisfactory and
bo will close two weeks sooner than anticipated at
the opening. Americans hare so far taken no Wools
from that source. The Eastern markets are re
ported dull, with !arne holders selling from 2c to
ac lower than they held two months ago. on the
»th Inst. sales commenced at Stockton with 1200
bales Calaveras, Llvermore and foothill Wools.
his is a new departure in that section and 1 am
sorry to say that it must be rather disappointing to j
growers and promoters of this sale, as the Wools j
were mostly in poor condition, having a great deal
of dirt and were mostly defective. On the opening I
day, although nine buyers were present, only one
buyer took about 200 bales. Another buyer the
following day took about 160 bales. Prices ranged
from 4c to 9c, but very little was sold at the latter
price. The sales ere finally postponed until the
iOth inst. On the Bth Ins;, the sales opened at Wed
bluff with 2500 bales Wool, which were disposed
of by the 11th inst. T&e Wools were in splendid
condition, in fact belter than they have been sin< c
1887. The prices realized were about 2c lower
than last year. Still the growers were all satisfied.
as the prices paid were higher than anticipated, as
at present those Wools cannot be shipped to the '
Eastern markets and realize their cost. Ihe mar
kM closes quiet,"
We quote Spring Nevada. 6@9c i» ft: San Joa
quin and Southern Coast, six months, 4@6c f. ft; '
han Joaquln, foothill, good to choice, I(g.bc; San j
Joaqulii, year's fleece, 4*..@6V»c: northern free, 7 i
@9c; do, defective, s@6»^c r ft.
HOPS— We quote nominally 2@4c ?* !b.
GENERAL MKKCUAN'UISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Brits, spot. $4 10@
4 15; June-July delivery, $4 3U(g,4 25; San Quen
tin, $4 20; Wool Bags, 24y 2 @26Vic
COAL— Harrison's circular says: "During the j
week there have been eight arrivals from the Coast I
miD»s with 17.987 tons of Coal; from Baltimore j
3000 tons. The very light Importations this week i
will aid to materially reduce the stocks in yard. >
Australian is virtually out of the market, as the
quantity on hand is small, ana the total amount to j
arrive here from Newcastle in the next HO days Is
less than 10.000 tons, no portion of which Is tor
sale, as it goes direct to consumers, who are In
actual need of .same. It Is very doubtful when the
Colonial shipments will commence again from '
Newcastle, as cabled information just received i
states there is no likelihood of a very early settle
ment: both owners and miners appear determined
no. to succumb. Meanwhile a few cargoes are
being loaded at Sydney for here, but a continuance
of the Newcastle strike means an advance of
prices of Sydney grades. There is no danger of a
fuel famine here, as there is a full stock on hand of '
British Columbia and Swansea Coals, which can I
be profitably substituted for the best Australian, I
besides there are some idle steam colliers here j
which can readily be called into requisition at an |
early date If a further supply of northern Coals was '
called for." ' J
- Wellington is quotable at $8: New Wellington, ;
$8 7 ton: Soutnfield Wellington. $7 50 > ton; !
Beanie. 55a,5 60; Bryant. $5: Coos Hay, $4 50: i
Wallsend, 86 50; Scotch, $7 60: Hrymbo. »7 50: ,
Cumberland. $13 60 in bulk and $16 In sks: |
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $11; Cannel, $8: |
Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, !
$7 60; Coke, $10 50 in bulk and $12 60 j> ton in !
sacks.
RICE- Chinese mixed. $3 20@3 40: No. 1. $3 60 i
f.3 70 r ctl; extra No. 1, $3 8&@4; Hawaiian, I
3 37 V^*S 50: Japan, $3 65@»0: Rangoon, $3 10. j
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Company
quotes, terms net cash : Cube, Crushed, Powdered
and Fine Crushed, all 6^4|C; Dry Granulated, 5%c;
Confectioners' A, 5%c; Magnolia A. 51.41-: Extra
C. 6V 8 c; Golden C, Oc: half-barrels, Vie more
than barrels, and boxes Vie more. 1
SY UUP— Golden, in bbls, 15c; Black Strap. 10c
»* gal. . .
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Prices show no change. The market Is quiet.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from slaugh
ters are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6@5y 4 c; second do, 4»A@
4»ic; third do, 3 1 - i (a4c V ft.
VI ; AL— Large, 6@6c; small, 6@7c t\ ft. -.'. - •■'
MUTTON— Wethers, 6@6V<ic; Ewes. 4%@5c
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 6@6 Vic ? ft.
PORK— Live Hogs, B@3i.ic ft ft for large and
F.s/ S f<s3i ?a c for small and medium; dressed do, 4V a
fevli'.-a' V ft.
.. KECEIPXS OF PRODUCE.
. . . ' FOR 24 HOURS.
noor.or. ok* 11.541 But ctls 165 '
Oregon Cheese, ctls. _ 14)
Washington 3,428 E*es. doz 7,580 I
Wheat, cUs 31.973 Hides, no 181
Oregon 2.J05 Pelts. Ddl«.._ ...^. 430
Barley, cv«. ....... 2,690,W00L bis 636
Oregon 1 90; Leather, r0115. ..... 29 ',
Oats, Or, ctls 3,055 Wine, gals 66.500
Baa ns, ska. 710 Quicksilver. Oasln 106 :
Potatoes, a1t5....... 938 Lumoer. M feet... 20
•Oregon. 6,630. Lime, bbls 81
Onions, sks 750 Flaxseed, Wsh.sk 225 '
Br»n, «ks ; 2,050 Hops, bis 16 i
Middlings, ska. 297 Tallow, 22
Hay, ions. 446 : -..-., -,
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Dairy Produce shows no change from last week.
. Meats and Poultry also sell at previous prices.
HI berries and Currants are added to the Fruit
list. Cherries are rather more plentiful but are
Still dear.
Vecesnbles show no noteworthy change.
■ Following is Tbi Call's regular weekly retail '
price list:
coal— rER tox. r.\ ■
Cannel...... — ®10 00 PleasantVaV 9 50@10 00 :
Wellington. (&10 00>8outhn>ld
New Wei- I Wellington — @ 950
. llngton.... — <8510 00 Scotch. — <A 960 '
Seattle 7 00@ 7 50 ! Coos Bay... 6 50(g> - I
Castle Gate. 9 60&10 00 -
I.AIUY PBODUCR, KTC.
Butter, fancy. ?■ Cheese, Eastern... 15@20 !
square So®3s Cheese, Swiss... 20!B30
. do. V roll ..30ftn— Common .l2l/2 -1, -
do. choice '.'6f«J — i rvancliKagsVdz... 15(a17 j
Ordlnaryao — (ai — j Honey, comb, "^1b.12(a)15 :
Cnetst*, Cal ..;... .10® — | do, extracted.... B@l3
*. • ( MEAT! 1 — TKR rouNr*. ■ '
Bacon „ 12017 Pork, fresh ...12@15
Beef, choice .12<&15 Pork, salt 10013
do, pood B©lo Pork Chops. 12@15
Corned Beef 8(3) — Round Steak B®lo |
Ham. Cal 121 A&l5 Sirloin Steak. . .12' —
do. Eastern 15(3)— Porterhouse, d 0... 17@20
Lard 12(515 Smoked Beef — <<pl">
Mutton iCia) — ! Pork Sausages — <ja)2t)
Spring Lamb IC@l 2 l Veal... 10@16
rOIURY AND IMMK.
Hens.each BO(g> 60 Turkeys, H ft.. 18r» 20 1
Young Hoosi- Ducks, each... 6U'd) 90 j
ers. each 75@1 00 Geese, each... 1 75(a>2 00 j
• Old Roosters, ! Pigeons, 9 pr.. 4Oa| M)
each.......... 50® «0 Rabbits, yr. . 35^ 40 |
■ Fry nrs, each... — @ 75 Hare, eftcn 15© 20
Broilers, each.. Hs§ 60
FHrm and inns,
Almonds, ft ft Lemons. V doz 15@20
Apples. "# lb.. 10 Limes, 1> d0z......12<ai5
Bananas, %» d0z...15@20 Oranges, f> dor....lO(ffiSU
Blackberries. «* lb.l«r«lsKaisins, t* lb 5««15 j
Currants, ¥* H 12W-15 Raspbflrries,f»oskt2s@3o
Cocoannts. each.,.lo@l2Strawoerrie3,
Cherries. « lb W(ailo\ V drawer .25@50
Gooseberries,^ ft. 6@ 8 Walnuts, ¥ lb 15© —
, .' '' . VFOETARLEB. .
Asparagus, f* ft... si»lo.Lettuce, "ft d0z... .15020
Arti<'hokes,f>.dOz..lO(a.»o'Mr'fat Squash.H ft — @ —
Beets, doi 12®15 | Onions, Vft "4j& !»
Beans, white ?ift.2%(a> 5 Peppers, green,^ft2OCa;2s
I Colored. $ Ui...2i*jfsi s:Parsnips,: Parsnips, f* 00z.... 16^20
Lima, V tb 4(o> 6, Potatoes, '?. ft 2(& 3
Cabbage, each 6(2,10, do. New. "£ ft:... 3® 4
Cauliflowers, each. fvn. B<Rhuoarl), %* ft... . -i - 5
Celery, >. bunch... 6(ii — Radishes.»dzbchs.lO(^ia
Cress. ■sdzbunchs.2O(426,Saee, fk ft..........25fj53S
Cucumber,^doz.7s^l s?siString Beans, fi 8.. i2,ails
Garlic, *ft 8(38 10 Thyme, V ft ...... .21*^30
Green Peas, ft ft.. 4(o) 6 Turnips, «* d0x....15:§20
Lentils, ft ft....... 6@.lslTomatoes. t» lb — 10^15
. ,: .•■ . FISH— P7.R POCVD.
Barracuda :..,»,.... 15©)— (5had......: B@lo
Carp;..... .-. B<aiOlSea Bass — f<*)s
Codfish '— 6316 Smelts...; _ ....12@ —
Flounders ......10fi» —'501e5...... :....... .10(a>12
Halibut ...... 1O«J — Skates, each K>u,i2
H«-rrlnK ....;..... 10(5» — ,sturgeon ....... — e> —
Klnsflsb. .'.:.* lotto — iT0mc0d. ..::.... 15ia —
Mackerel 2064 -Clams, ? gal .— @ls
' do, H0r5e....:....-— — Do, hardshell, V
Perch... .10<ifiH- 100..... ..;....'... 50«> —
Pomuano —<& — Crabs, each.... 12,'<5i15 ;
Rockflsh.....; 12(e»16 Do. aoftshell, da.25@SS
Salmon, smoked .".".2o& — Mussels, '^ qrt..'...10®15
Salmon, rresh...... 12^4 — Oysters, Cal,<j» 100.40ig> —
Bhrlmpa.. ...*._.:.. 8&IOJD0, Eastern, ? dz.25@)40
:.,. ■*'--' V, 1 ."■.. — — : ' m ♦' » HL-T. '",_'■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Edward F. Cluld to Sarah E. Cluln, lot on S line
of nayes street, 81 :3 Wof De visadero, WBsby S
76: gift. ■
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to Letitia
Rountree. lot on W line of Lou street, 100 Sof
Halght, S 25 by W 112:6; $10.
Patrick D. Casey to Caspar Muller. lot on NE
line of Norfolk street, 200 SH of Folsoiu. SE 25.
NE 53, NW 26, S\V 55:6: 910.
T. C. and Mary Murphy to Joseph Jacquemet.
lot on W corner of Coltou and Urady streets, s\V
99:6, NW 40, KB 25:4, SK 4. NE 74:6, SE 36,
subject to mor:ga?e; 810. •
Pacific Improvement. Company to '- Evan J.
Recce, lot on NE corner of Valencia and Hermann
streets, E 71, N 49:10y». W 68:8-%, S t 0:10y 8 :
$10. - , ..'■'..■'
: Solomon or Samuel Eliaser to Isaac Eliaser, mi
divided sixth of lot on E line of Natoma street, 190
S of Fourteenth. S 25 by X 75; also undivided
sixth of 01.o 1 . on s line of McAllister street, 137 :6 W
of Lacuna. W '27:6 by S IJO $10.
Pacific Improvement Company to United suites
Laundry Association, lot on E line or Albion aye
: nut-, 108 S of Fifteenth sir<et. S 6"i. E 76:4%, X
8:11*4, E 72:9V'g. S 12:11.4. X 7:6, N 18:1] > i. W
i 42, N »2, W to beginning: $10.
: Charles Rehn to Adelbeid Rehn, lot on W line
of street, 169 Sof Sixteenth, s 2»:6 by W
100; *1.
City and County of San Francisco to Ellen Fitz
patrick, lot on S line of Tw.-uty-si-coud street, 67
Kof Shotwell. 855:K by 8 95; * .
Simon Newman (by F. M. Thai commissioner)
to William Knopf, lot on line of Bryant avenue,
35 of Twenty-first street, S2sby \\ 10 $1923.
Sidonle L. Dredge to Lucy M. McPherson, lot on
W line of Bartlett street, 170 S of Twenty-third, S
30 by W l'JO; $2400.
Alfred W. Reay to Franz Braver, lot on s line of
Bay street, 137:6 X of Stockton, E 45:10 by S
68:9: $200.
Maria Soisson (by J. Henry Meyer, her attor
ney) to Louis S. Friedman and Herman Rogers,
lot on W line of Stockton street, 40 N of Vallejo,
N 60 by W65; $10.
L. S. and Dora Friedman. Herman and Bertha
Rogers to Joseph and Leopold Hlrsch, same: $10.
Joseph A., John E., William P. and .Mary A,
Sevens to Catherine Stevens, lot on s line of Cali
fornia street, 137:6 E of Hyde, E 27:6 by S 137:6;
gin.
James F. Stevens to same, same; eift.
Amanda F. and Sarah V. Harriot, Mary and 1
Annie A. Jones, Josephine H. Coddingion (nee
Harriot) and Martha F. Randolph (nee Harriot) to i
Henry Kissan*-, lot. on SW line of Kteuart street,
115:6 SE of Mission, SE 22 by SW 45:10: $10.
' Michael Parkinson to Catherine Hanna, lot on
NW lino of Howard street, 80 NE of Third, NE 20
by NW 65: $1080.
■Alfred Hahn (administrator estate Harriet
Miles) to W. B. Kreger. undivided Efy of lot on W ,
line of Gilbert street, 125 s of Branoan, S 25 by
W 80: $850.
W. B. Kreger to Silvia A. M. Bennett, all same; .
$150.
William H. Blake, Alfred Bennett, Mary J.
Hunter and Sarah E. Taylor to same, same, quit
claim deed; $10. - -
EUen P. and Gertrude M. Church, Geore« H.,
Edith D. and Aureiius E. Buckingham to William
Powers, lot on S line of I street, 57:6 E of Thirteenth
avenue, E 50 by S 100; $10.
William F. O'Brien to Margaret O'Brien, lot on
SW corner of X street and Nineteenth avenue, W
32 :6 by 8 100, also lot on W line of Ninth avenue of
129 sof X street, s 50 by W 120; $ia
Jones, Allen A Co. to R. C. An.lrus and J. A.
Reeder, lot on E line of Forty-eighth avenue, £00
S of T street, s 25 by E 120: $10.
W. M. and Mary K. Fitzhueh to Otto Kberle, lot
4, block 123. Sunny side Addition No. 1; $10.
, A LAM EDA COUNTY.
Edward E. and Susan A. Potter to C. D. Potter,
lots 63, 64 and 56, 66 and 67, map of Potter Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Joseph and Sarah J. Coxen to H. F. Norris. lot
on NE corner of Vine and Grove streets, X I'JO by
E 90, being the W. two-thirds of lots 18 ana 19, 1
block 4, Graves A Taylor Tract, Berkeley; $200.
Charles R. Harmon to Edward D. Harmon, lot :
on N line of Kent street, 218.42 E of Stanford av
enue. B 60 by N 100, being lot 14 and E 5 feet of
lot 13, block Q. amended map of Newbnry Tract,
Berkeley; $10. (
James J. Donovan to Kate A. Donovan, lots 6
and '14, Lorin Villa Tract, Berkeley: sift.
William H. Bonham (administrator of the estate
of Eleanor K. Bonham) to Samuel E. Moffett, lot
1, block 26, Daley Scenic Park Tract, Berkeley; .
$250.
Thomas and Clara Harm to Tcrrllla V. Wright,
lot on SE corner of Center street and Stanford
place, E 103.27, S 42.50, W 110.41, N 43.57, to be
ginning, block B, Blake Tract, maps 1 and 2, sub
ject to a mortgage to Homestead Loan Association,
Berkeley: $600.
Syndicate Investment Company to John Weber,
lot beginning at most E corner of subdivision 3 of
lot 47, Bray Tract, thence SW 'M.4£ feet. NW
176.39, NE 28.38, si; 178.60 to beginning, being
the NE % of subdivision 3of lot 47, Bray Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
G. W. and Abbie B. Fisher to Puget Sound Lum
ber Company, lot on NW corner of Champion and
School streets, thence SE 543.62 to W line of
Boston avenue, thence NE 218.52, NW 100, SW
108, NW 160, SW 31, NW 140, SW 15, NW
122.96 to X line of Champion street, thence SW
213.60 to beginning, being lota 6 to 24. block C,
Champion Tract, subject to a mortgage, Brooklyn
Township: $10. - . ■
Joseph Chappie to Rose E. Chappie, lot on W
line of Dana street, 120 NW of Bancroft way, X
50 by W 137:1*4, block 4, map of Villa lots join
in? the university site on the south, Berkeley:
also lot on W line of Louisa street. 166.92 s of
Delaware. S 50 by W 134.65, being lot 31, Map of
Twltchell Tract, Berkeley, quitclaim deed; $10.
•—• — ♦ — »
Baron Ferdinand de Rothschild's yacht
Roma is a floating palace. Forty can dine
comfortably in the luxurious dining-room.
THE CALL, CALENDAR.
May, 1896.
|jSu.;Mo. Tu.;^ Th. _Fr.!Sa.j Moons Phasos.
12 I '
i -j^Last Quarter.
! 3 4 6 6 7 8 9 |
' <f3h New Moon.
• 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 W May 12. !
17 18 19 i2O 21 22 23 /~S\ First Quarter
— ! - ! May 19.
24 25 26 27 28 29 ;30 i — j
— f*2\ Full Moon. I
31 I 1^27 May 26.
OCEAN STEAMERS.
Dates of Departure From San Francisco.
BTKAMKR | DKSTIN'ATION-. I SAILS. j PIKR.
Empire Oregon ports.. Mayl6. 6puiPlerl3~
P0m0na..... Hum tx> lilt Bay May 17. \lru Pier 9 '
Corona San Diego Mayi7,llAMi Pier 11
Colombia... i Panama IMaylH.l2 m P'MSS
Columbia... Portland ...... Maylß,loAM Pier 24
CltvPuebia.. Vie * Put and ' May 19. 9am ' Pier 9
Burcka . Nawi>ort May 19. 9am Pier 11
anuro Coo» U\r | May 21). 10 a m , Pier 13
Weeott i Eel River May2o. 9am Pier 13
China. ! China & Japn. .May 'JO, 3pm PM 3 S
KautaKosa.. -an l)lo;a Maj-21. 1 dor It.
Arcata Oregon ports.. MayiTl. 9am Pier 24
ABlancharu Oregon ports.. |SIay22.H)AM Pier 13
Del .None .. Urays HarDor. ilay'j-j. 1
Iftete of Cai ; I'ortiana May23,lOAM i Pier'Ji
■•- Paol Newport MayUS. Ham Pier 11
Australia.... Honolulu jMay23.IOAM ' Oceanic
J-arai.on. .. | V nautna Bay.. iMuy2». spm ! Pier —
DXS C
IXATION'. |
SAILS.
! pikr.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Stf.aukr
1 •'.. ■ -i
| nr«
Australia. | Honolulu
roniona. | Jiumboidt .Bay
Arena Portland
Mackinaw j 1 aroma
Truclcee Tillamook ."'.
Weeo:u j Eel liiver
Eureka ......... Newport
Araco.:.... | Coos Bay
Han Mateo '. Comox
Willamette Portland..... "Mil;
Santa Kosa. | Han Diego- .!....*.'."J.".*.V
Bo: |ric China and .Tana'n.
North ForK ! Hamboldt 8ay......
Alice Blaucnanl rortlana
Cleone | Crescent City .-. ". .*
Walla Walla — ' Victoria & Puget sound
ale of Cal ' Portland .
Dpl N0rte....... Grays UarDor.**.".".".".".'.".'.'.
Crescent City. | Crescent Clty»...
Faralton I Yaaulna Bay
St Paul .Newport.
San Bias .... Panama I'"'".'.'.""
C0r0na......:..*. 'San JJipcto.
Columbia. ; Portland. .. '..)
..May 16
..Slay 16
..May 16
..May 17
..May 17
..May 17
-May 17
..May 18
..May 18
..Maylß
..May 19
..May 19
..Majr \Q
..May 19
..May 13
..May '2o
. May -JO
..May ?0
..May 21
..May 21
..May 21
..May 22
...May 23
Mav2s
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
C. K. Coast AND Gfodktio Sdrvhy Tidb^
Bullrtist Published by Official >-
ArTHORITY OF 1 lIX &D?KRf!ITKXDtXT. t
: -:
;•';.: -Saturday May 16.
! Sunrises 4 57 1 M00n rises.
■ Bun sets 7.18; Moon sets..."."'. 11.11pm
»y-
-|JTUne p^jTVno K6et i Tlmn I Few
88 1 H \N |1, \V JH \v |L WJ
16 0.26] 6.7 ! 8.111-1.01 4.06! 3.7 7.46 3.1
H fH2 6 21 90 ° -° 8 454 4.1! 9.00 i 3.1
18 2.19 4.6 9.52-0.6 6.3* 4.3 10.34 2.8
19 5.44 4.4 10.47—0.1 6.17 4711 44 2.4
20 6.22 4.1 11.61 0.3 ! V.66 1.9 .. ..
91 L n cX F , ee - 1 H . w Feet IL W Fee .H W Feet
V> ?"r7J Vk' «?? 40 12.40 o.Bi 7.34 k.O
22| 1.50 1.0 1 8.10 4.2 1.88 1.2 8.10 5 3
NOTK-In the aoove exposiiion of the Udes tlia
I cany morning tides ar» given in the left hand I
; column, and the successive tides of the day in the
order of occurrence »\ to time. The second time
1 column gives the second tide or the day, the third
time column the third tide, and the last or right
hand column gives the last tide of the day, except
• when mere are but Ujree tides, as sometimes
! occurs. The heights given aro additions to the
: soundings on the United States Coast Surrey
: charts, except when a minus sign (— > precedes the
height, and then the number given is subtracivo |
! from the depth given by ihe charm. I
HYDROGRAPHIC BULLETIN,
BEAJJCH H Yr>KOQK.VPHIC OFFICB. V. B. S. "»
Merchants' EICHA.VUIt. V
Pan Fraxcisco. May 15. 189«. >
The tune ball 0:1 Telegrapn ' Hill was drooped
exactly at noon to-day— c., at noon or the l'JOth
meridian, or exactly at 8 p. v.. Greenwich time. ;
'■- A. F. Fkchtklkr. -
I >-' Ilenfon^n- l". S. N.. :.i cbar<9.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
Arrived.
FRIDAY. May 15.
Yacht Lucero. . from San Diego. Sausa
lito direct.
i Htmr Columbia. Bolles, sbi/4 hours frm Portland,
J vfn Astoria 39 hours; produce, to O R A N Co.
' Stmr Navarro, Hardwlck. 15 hours from M«>n
j douino: uaasand nidne, to iklendoclno Lumber Co.
Stmr City of Puebla, Debney, 66% hours from
Victoria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse, to
Goodall. Perkins & Co. *•'*•- ' ...
.-tmr Washtenaw. Crosscup. 80 Hours from la
coma; 4500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland direct.
Stmr .National City. Andrcsen. 26 hours from
Cayucos: ballast, to C A Hooper Co. - -i
Stmr Corona, Hall, 67 hours from San Diego
and way ports: pass ana mdse, loUoodail, Perkins
<fc Co.
Bum City of Sydney, Johnston, 21 days fra
Panama and wav ports; pass and mdse, to P M is 3
Co.
KKtn Tarn o' Shanter, Patterson, 5 days from
Columbia River; lumber and laths, to Simpson
.Lumber Co.
Schr Etta B. Madsen. 10 hours from Fort Ross;
30 h.is butter. '20 hogs, to Ross it Hewlett.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing; :M ft lumber, to F Hey wood. Up
river direct.
Beti r J Knptnsjer. White. BV2 days from Port
Townsend ; 1361 sealskins, to C J Hendry & Co.
Sour Chas it Wilson, Johnson, 4 days from
Grays Harbor: lumber, to Wilson Bros * Co.
Schr Falcon, Peterson, 11 days from Port
Blakeley; 300 M ft lumber, to Renton, Holmes *
Co.
Cleared.
FRIDAY, May 15.
Br ship Ked Rock. Williams, Cape Town ; Cat
ton. Beli A Co.
Bark Albert, Griffiths. Honolulu; Williams, Di
mond <& Co. ■ s • '
Sailed.
FRIDAY, May 15.
Stmr St Paul. 'Jroen. San Pearo.
Brstmr Progressist. Pinkbam. Nanalmo.
Mmr Gipsy. Lelaud, Santa Cruz. .
stmr fJeo Loomls. Bridgett. Ventura.
•Ship Yosemite, Fullerton. Tacoma.
Bark Albert, Or in" Us. Honolulu.
Bark Columbia, (Jove, Port Blakeley.
, Bark Heminole, Weeden. Puget sound.
bebr Nettle Low, Low. Point Beyea.
Schr Bender Brothers, Thompson, Biblers Point.
Schr Lena Sweasey, Johnson, Seattle.
Schr Christina Steffens. Nordling.
Charters.
The barks S C Allen, S G Wilder and 8 X Castle
10 id mdse for Honolulu: ship CF Harg<»nt, lum
ber ai Victoria for Sydney, 33s 9a— prior to ar
rival.
Telegraphic.
POINT LOBOS. May 15-10 F. it-W«ttU«
hazy: wind NW; velocity 36 mile*.
Domestic Ports.
SEATTLE — Arrived May 14— Bark Forest
Queen, hence May 3: bktn Northwest, hence May
SAN PEDRO— Arrived May 14— 8tmr Pasadena
from Umpqua; stmr I iliamook, from Kureka.
CASPAH— Arrived May 15— Stmr Jewel, hence
May 13.
TACOMA— Sailed May 14— Br ship Pass Of Kil
liecrankie, forCailao.
TACOMA— Arrived May 15-«tchr Helen N Kim
ball, hence May B; schr Twilight, from Alaska.
Sailed May 15— Xchr Nokomis, for Redoudo.
EUREKA— SaiIed May 15— Sttnrs Scotia and
Pomona, for 3;in Francisco.
SANTA CRUZ-Passed May 15 at 4:30 P M-U
8 stmr Oregon, from Santa Barbara, for San Fran
cisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— Arrived May 15— Stmr
Alcazar, from San Pedro.
TATOOSH-Passed May 16— Haw stmr San
Mateo. rroin Ccmox, for San Francisco; shipSoar
tau, from Seattle, for Nan 1 rancisco; bur.: Xonan
turn, from Vancouver, for Melbourne.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived May 15-Bktn Skagit,
from Honolulu.
GREENWOOD— Arrived May 16— Stmr Green
wood, hence May 14.
FORT BRAUG— Arrived May 15— Stmr Noyo.
hence May 14.
Sailed May 15— Schr Abble; stmr Caspar, for
Redondo.
Eastern Ports.
NEW YORK-Cleared May Ship S P Hitch
cock, for San Francisco.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared May IS— Ship Jabes
Howes, tor San Francisco.
Foreign Ports.
HAMBURG— SaiIed May 11— Br ship Vortigern,
for Santa Rosalia.
HULL— Sailed May 13— Ger ship D H Watjen,
for San Francisco, and passed Dungeness May 14.
KANGAROO ISLANDS— Passed Apr 16— Br
ship Mooltan. from Vancouver, for Adelaide.
HONGKONG— Arrived May. 14-Simr City of
Riode Janeiro, hence Apr 16, via Honolulu.
Movements of Train- A. Mint 1 St»» nan.
PHILADELPHIA — Cleared May s— Stmr
Wa*-s'and, for Liverpool.
DELAWARE WATER- Passed May
15— stmr Netherland, from Philadelphia, for Ant
werp.
SEW YORK- Arrived May 15-Stmr Island,
from Copenhagen ; stmr Augusta Victoria, from
Hamburg; stmr St Paul, from Southampton; stmr
Campania, from Liverpool and Queenstown; stmr
Prussia, from Hamburg.
Sailed May 15— Stmr Bonn, for Bremen; stmr
State of California, for Glasgow: stmr Patrla, for
Marseilles.
QUEENSTOWN — Arrived out May 15— Stmr
Lucania.
HAMBURG— Arrived out May 14-Stmr Pa a
tla.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed May 15— Stmr Fnerst
Bismarck, for New York.
BREMERHAVEN— SaiIed May 15— Stmr Stutt
gart, for New York.
LIZARD— Passed Mar 15— Stmr Zaandam, from
New York, for Amsterdam; stmr Veendam, from
Rotterdam, for New York.
Importations. \ ■
VICTORIA— Per City of Puebla-4SO bdls salt
hides, 25 bdls pelts, 5 bales wool, 1 bdl skins, 28
bdls bags.
N Pss SCo via Victoria— 7 bales bamboo baskets,
95 rolls matting.
Port Towmend— l bag coin, 1 chest express.
Douglass Island— l bx mdse.
Juneau— l cs cigars. VtC-
Seattle— Bo bxs potatoes. 3M ft lumber. 18 bdls
shingles, 202 ska potatoes, 104 tons coal, 997 bbls
lime, 4 bxs halibut. 17 bxs fish. . . .
West of Fargo via Tncoma— lloß Sis 606 hf
sks Hour, 225 sks flax, 33 pkgs tea. I
Everett— 29B rolls 4 cs 139 bals paper, 10 bdls
brown paper.
Tacoma— l bx shoes. 2 cs shoulders, 3cs dry
goods. 2 bbls wine, 2 bbls 822 cs maple syrup, i
bx M head. 1 bbl melrose, 2V 2 pkgs rock candy,
100 pkgs mdse.
C0m0x— 44,4 tons coal.
MENDOOINO— Per Navarro— 3 bxi type, 25 bdls
hide, and pelts, 2 sks wool, 5 pki?s mdse, 1 crate
bicycles, 4031 railroad ties, 92 M ft lumber.
Point Arena— loo bxs butter, 3 bxs chickens, 4
cs eggs. 62 hogs. 5 cs whisky. 2 dressed hogs, 1 bx
acalones. 1 let old iron, ID pkgs'mdse.
PORTLAND— Per Columbia— 6634 sks potatoes
6933 sks flour, 1903 sks wheat. 2584 sks oats. 185
sks baxlev.
I SAN DIEGO— Per Corona— l2o pkgs mdse, 1 cs
mustarl, 2cs baking 1 powder, 3 cs chicken food, 9
bx. limes, 124 bxs lemons. 17 bxs oranges, 1 sk
beeswax, 1 cs sweet oil, 2 cs starch, 3 pkgs tobacco,
5 pkss bicycles. 8 sks dried fruit, 1 cs cigars, B
pki;s leather. 1 cs shirts.
Newport— 9oo sks corn, 313 bxs oranges, 18
pkgs mdse.
Los Angeles via S C Ky— 2l pkgs mdse.
Redondo— l p kg mdse, 537 bxs oranges, 46 bbls
win ■. 19 bxs wine, 17 ska abalone shells. ,
Los Angeles via Port Los Angeles— 3l sks pop
corn, 68 pkgs mdse, 5 bxs tea and coffee, 40 bxs
tomatoes, 16 bxs oranges.
Port Los Angeles— 6 pkgs mdse, 3 es shoes. Ics
tobacco, 1 sk beans, 15 bxs squash, 80 bxs oranges,
17 bxs tomatoes, 1 bx egg plant.
Santa Barbara— l safe, 4 pkgs mdse, 2 bxs soap,
22 bxs lemons, 1 bx butter, 26 bxs oranges, 1 bx
bains.
Port Harford— 2B tabs 133 bxs butter, Ibx plate
ware, 4 csks 3 bbls 1 Cs crockery, 13 cs cheese, 3
bdls hides, 15 cs champagne, 19toks wool, 1 chest
tea, 10 coops chickens, 7 bxs fish, 9Sosks bitumin
ous rock, 55 dressed calves, ft 43 sks mustard.
PANAMA AND CENTRAL AMERICAN
PORTS- Per City of Sydney— 501 pkgs fruits, 5
pkgs mdse, 7010 bags coffee. 15 pkgs treasere.
Consignees.
Per City of Puebla— Btssln«cer& Co: Bank of
British North America.; Wells, Fargo & Co: C Solo
mon; Alaska Commercial Co; McQuesten & Co:
B%nK of California: WieJ«nd Brewing Co; S Mil
bt-nham: Stauffer«fcCo: W G Richardson: A L
Bryan Shoe Co; Getz Bros & Co: Lachman «fc
Jacobl; Schlesslnger A Co: Johnson-Locke Mer
cantile Co; Wilcox A Glbbs; Lin.lsev & Co: J W
Cain; Amer Press Assn: American Biscuit Co: '>
LGuthrie: V Hillens <S;Co: Murphy, Grant A Co;
G W Howard ; Kittle & Co; . Levi, Strauss & Co; R
Pleper; J D Spreckels & Bros Co; MaroDdray it
Co: Moore, Ferguson & Co: American Tobacco Co;
M P Detels: Sachs Bros; Calm, Nickelsbnrg * Co;
C R Wlns'.ow Co: C F Weber & Co; Dr H C
stratton; Oregon Imp Co; Langley <& Michaels;
Crane A Co.
Per Navnrro— Dairymen's Union; F R Halght: A
Newfield; Ross & Hewlett: Wheaton, Breon & Co;
Rohlffs Gerdan; Norton. Teller A Co ; Dallemand
A Co: Wilson A Baecbtel: Jones A Co: L A Pres
ton: W B Sumner A Co; A Bactealupl: Reichert A
Co; Mcndocino Lumber Co: O B Smith A Co; 11J
Miller; L Redeme^a; American Type Foundry;
Pone 31 fg Co; Capt J Erickson.
Per Columbia— H Dutarti; Wolf A Son; Page A
Son: McDonough&Runyon: Thomas Loughran:
J Everting A Co; Allen A" Lewis: J P Thomas; A
Wllhelm&Son; Wood, Curtis A Co; Dalton Bros;
Erlanger & Galinger: Gould A Jaudin; M P Dotels;
C.l Leist A Co; J H Cain A Co: A nspacher Bros
Otis, McAllister A Co: FHlllensACo: George X
Sheldon; W R Larzelere; Heißtand A Warner; t,
L Everett A Co. . ■ ' _, ■
Per Corona— San Francisco Brewery Co; Ryan A
Mack- Wetmore Bros; J JacoDs; L D Stone A Co;
Campodonico A Malcolm: Wood. Curtis A Co: M O
Greenhood; Main A Winchester: Heyneman A Co;
CC Tyler- Gen T T Crittenden: H C Loner A Co:
Wlttland Produce Co: H Falk A Co; Wolf A Son;
A Shirek A Co; McDonough A Runyon: Pa-nic
Butchers' Supply Co: Gray A Barbieri : Hills Bro<;
1 Ijevl Spiegel & Co; W B King; Chluda A Fl.tcta;
Max achwed; Gould A Jandln: Thos Williams:
Onus Tetren: Harry I'nna Co; D E Allison A Co;
XT Allen; APaphens: Lachman A Jacob!; CM
Volkman: Selby Smelting and Lead Co; W Balda;
L Dollieqiin;: Llevre, Frlcke A Co; C T Ruggles: A
GStroti; TBellngtoo; E L Whiteley;. A J B lm
mel : Gets Bros A Co; A L Bryan Shoe Co; W H
Miner: Robert Kulgora: Ito Sotornl; D Biagi A Co:
Smith's Cash Store: L Scatena A Co; F T Derlln;
iiarrold. Belcher A McCann; J Ivancovich A Co:
Rev LF Jones: Wheaton, Breon A Co: H Dutard;
Dodge, Sweeney A Co: Brigham, Hoppe A Co: Geo
Beale; Marshall, Teggart A Co; J il Cain A Co;
Enterprise Brewery; Fredcricksbnrg Brewery; >>
Strauss: F B Halght: Nathan, Dohrmann A Co; W
Wolff A Co; Norton, Teller A Co : Kowalsky A Co;
Dairymen's Union; -.Hllmer, BredhoiT AScnulz: H
H Cooksen: H NTllden A Co; II Heckman A Co:
Thos Dennigan A Sons; M T Freitas A Co; Jones
A Co: F B Height; Dalton Bros; W C Price A Co;
W F Mitchell JP Thomas: Russ, Sanders A Co;
CalßotUingCo: A Pailies: r.DStoneACo; Labor
Kxcaan^e; J Hoffman; Western Meat Co; Chas
Jacob'sen; American Union Fish Co: Pacific Coast
Fish Co; Garcia A Maz3trai: PaclHo' Paving Co; 8
Levy &Co J J Duffy A Co. ■ • ■
Per City of Sydney— Dunham, Carrlgan A Co; L
F La3tri*io: Montealegre A Co; Schwartz. Lowe A .
Co; Miller, Sloss A Scott: Otis. McAllister A Co; J
O Meyennk: J lvaucovicn A Co: tC schilling A Co;
L G Sresovlch A Co; Garcia A Magginl; Goldtree
Bros; Sperry A Co; Schwartz Bros A Co; Urruf-la
UrjOAtc A Co; \V Loalza &Co; Joan Wright;
E L G Steele A Co: Goldtre.» A Liebes; Haas Bros-
J Gundlarh < A Co; Baruch A Co: Bloom Bros-
Castle Bros; Cabrera, Roma A Co; Dieckman A
1 Co. •; ■ ■ ■ -■:■ ■■ ■ ■WANTS HIS PAPA
TO COME HOME,
Little Blazer Hill Visits;
His Condemned
Father.
MAY SOON BE ENDED.
Knows Nothing of the Fearful
Tragedy Enacted Last
-January.
QUERIES THAT ARE PAINFUL.
The Child's Request to See His Father
May Some Day Be
Denied.
Oakland Office Sax Feancisoo Call,(
90S Broadway, May 15. )
Little Blazer Hill was taken to the
County Jail to-day to see his father. Some
day he will want to go to see his papa, but i
his baby wish will not be gratified. His I
father vill not be there, but the child will
never know, unless some cruel tongue j
shall tell it, why his visits to the County j
Jail terminated. Little Blazer is young j
enough yet to grow out of the knowledge i
of those visits, although at present they j
are indescribably sweet to the condemned
man and his little one.
Blazer is motherless. On a beautiful
evening last January his father and
mother met after an absence 01 several
months. They left Mrs. Hill's lodgings
and walked toward the car at Twelfth and
Kirkham streets. Neither of them reached
it. Half an hour later Blazer's mother I
■was in the Morgue and his father was in ]
the City Prison charged with murder.
The quarrel, the firing of the shots, the
trial and the sentence of death are inci
dents that have occupied the attention of
Alameda County people for several
months, but the final chapter is now ap
proaching, and unless judicial clemency i
is exercised little Blazer will soon be a
whole orphan.
When Blazer is taken to the corridor,
where his father is permitted to prome
nade during the day, the other prisoners
suddenly become interested in each other.
They withdraw from the bench where the
unhappy man and his child sit and leave j
him to his joy and ancuish undisturbed.
Hill is a heavily built powerful man. He
was for years the heio of the "rooters" on
the baseball diamond and he has a heart.
It is true that in a fit of jealousy he
committed a crime for which the law de
mands his life, bat that is not known to
little Blazer. The child prattles on and
tells his father of his doings, and his
likes and dislikes. Blazer is inquisitive,
too. He asks questions, and there is one
query that is like striking a knife into the
father's heart. Blazer asks it often, not
only of his father, but of those with whom
he lives.
"Papa," said Blazer this afternoon as
Jailer White smiled at the little one and
brushed his eye with his hand, "why don't
you come home with me?" That is the
question to answer which is a harder task
for the father than to give up his life. He
leads Blazer aside and talks to him about
other things; but the boy is persistent and
his intuition crows each day — he is be
tween 2 and 3 years old— and the day will j
surely come when he will demand an
answer, and then—. But perhaps he will ;
not have the opportunity to do so.
One day Blazsr took a little rubber ball
to the jail with him. The many prints of
lingers on It showed that the child prizes j
it highly. It was a gift to him last Christ- j
mas— just two weeks before he last saw }
his mother. I The little ball recalls to the i
father's mind the last letter ever written
by the child's mother.
It was written on New Year's day and i
was received by Hill just before he left j
Portland for Oakland. In it Is this para- !
graph:
"Talk about Christmas, mine was just
ad bad as your*. I cried nearly all day,
and I have cried so much of late that I am i
nearly dead with the headache. I got a j
box irom Edith and she sent me a box •
with handkerchiefs in it and a pretty
hairpin box and Blazer a rubber ball and
two books and you a tie with a pretty
little pin in it. I will send it. Blazer got
a book and a pointed bib and a pretty
dress and $1 from home, and Lottie gave
him a cane with sleighbells on it and a !
train of cars and two horses to pull it. i
That is all we got. Well, I must close '
with a happy New Year to you from us
both and a kiss and a hug to you."
Hill is given every privilege consistent
with discipline, but his hopes are not very !
buoyant and he has expressed a desire !
that it may all end soon.
FLEMING INJUNCTION SUIT
The City Attorney Files an
Answer That Plaintiffs Are
Not Taxpayers.
Cap an Chipman Still Reigns and
Twenty-Two cf the Company
Are Discharged.
ALAMEDA. Cal., May 15.— City Attor
ney Taylor filed in the Superior Court to
day an answer in the electric-light injunc
tion suit, denying all the material issues
in the complaint, and alleging that John
T. Flemine, the plaintiff in the action, is
not a taxpayer. Further, that be is not
the real party interested, but C. R. Lloyd,
representing the Fort Wayne Electrical
Company, is, and that C. R. Lloyd is not a
taxpayer either.
They therefore have no locus standi, and
the defendant prays the injunction may
be dismissed, and notice was given to
move on May 18 to vacate the temporary
injunction.
Affairs iv Company G.
ALAMEDA, Cal.. May 15.— The so
called malcontents in Company G who
thought they had Captain OLipman where
they wanted him were treated to a double
surprise last night. They had applied to
Colonel Fairbanks for an honorable dis
charge and expected their leaving the
company would cause its being mustered
out. Instead of being discLar^ed, twenty
two of their number were dismissed from
the National Guard by order of Colonel
Fairbanks, "for the good of the service."
This was surprise number one; the
second being the receipt of twenty-seven
applications for membership from young
native sons who live in the city and who
are desirous of maintaining discipline.
Company G will therefore remain in ex
istence and is expected to be stronger than
ever. —
The last report of Major Charles Jan
sen, the military inspector, on the effi
ciency of the company reads: •
I hereDy certify that I have this day in
spected and mustered the company borne on
the muster-rcil and rind the discipline very
j good; instruction good; arms and other prop
erty very good; present 59, absent 2: percent
age present 90.
] The malcontents have formally organ
ized a society, to be known as the -Thirty
four Club," and have secured meetinc
rooms at 1521 Par* street. It is their in
tention to either join Company A. Oak
land, or torm a military company,
parading with arms, under permission of
Governor Budd.
It is now supposed that the course of I
action to be pursued last night was made
■■ known through the grapevine line, and
that the mischief and attempted incen
diarism of last Tuesday night was the con
sequence. ; : .- /:
University Academy.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 15.— large
attendance of friends and visitors filled the
lecture -hall of Anderson's Alameda
Lmversity Academy this evening to wit
ness the graduating exercises of the '95
senior class. Diplomas were presented to
P. G. Allen, Stephen Dodge, Edwin Dow,
Frederic Franks, Frederic G. Jacobs,
Joseph Russ, Clarence Langiey, Royal
Mac Donald, Ernest A. Victors and Samuel
fccott. The summer vacation commencing
to-morrow will last until August 4. The
programme of exercises was as follows:
Overture, "Mirella," Gounod; prayer,
Rev. P. Coombe: mazonrka, "One Heart,
One Hand," Strauss; address, Professor
C. B. Bradley, University of California;
"Serenade Espagnole," Mitra; presenta
tion of diplomas by Professor Anderson;
march. "Washington Post," Souza; song,
"America."
Some Accidents.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 15.— Dr. Sanders,
who holds the record in the county for
runaways, had another bolt this afternoon
j and a lame horse and broken dogcart as a
i consequence. Schrieber of Caesar II promi
j nence started for Fruitvale after lunch, ac
i companied by Sam Witt, the barber. The
: horse bolted down Park street and Dr. !
Sanders and Mr. Witt thrown out below j
Eagle avenue and the rig all smashed to '
pieces.
Later on the 3:25 train from the narrow
gauge mole ran into a' leaded brick wagon
at Park-street station and scattered bricks
and wagon all over the street. Fortunately
no one was hurt. The driver left the horses
and ran away, he was so frightened. His
employer further on the road had to be ar
rested for drunkenness.
\\ oiuan Suffrage.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 15.— The Ala
meda Auxiliary Woman Suffragist Asso
ciation held a business meeting this after
noon. In the beginning of the month it
j was decided to hold the convention of May
I 21 and 22 in Linderman Opera-house. Yes
! terday it was notified that the Unitarian
Church would De the meeting- place. To
day there is another change and Armory
Hall has been chosen for the assemblage.
Christian Endeavor Convention.
ALAMEDA, Cal., May 15.— The Ala
meda delegates from this city to the
i Christian Endeavor State Convention at
; San Jose are: First Presbyterian Church —
I Miss Lizzie Arnold, Miss Brown. Santa
| Clara M. E. Church — Miss Eva Sharpe,
I William Maurice Ira Sanford. First Con
gregational Church— Miss Jewett, Miss
Scott, Mr. Rodgers, Mr. Ross.
PRACTICE OF SOCIALISM,
A Venture Started That Has
Already Proved Success
ful in the South.
Co-operation Is the Principle That
They Will Attempt to Prac
tically Carry Out.
Oaklakd Office San Francisco Call,)
908 Broadway, May 15. f
The socialists of Oakland have this week
j put into practice gome of the theories ad-
I vanced in their weekly talks by opening
I up a co-operative socialist store in a neat
building opposite the Postoffice, on Tele
graph avenue, with J. T. Latiruer as man
ager.
The Co-operative Society was organized
; on Aprii 23 and now has forty-four mem-
I bers.
The plan on which the store is run is
simple and profitable, making each mem
ber his own storekeeper. To be a member
;it is not nece&sary to be a socialist. Any
' one can join. No creed, color, nationality
j or sex is debarred from membership, all
i being recognized as human beings with
human rights.
The membership fee is 50 cents to join,
I and the Bhares are only $5 each, and no
j one can hold over 200 shares, that being
the limit. There are no assessments or
■ dividends on shares. Each individual
member is entitled to but one vote, no
matter how many shares he or the may
own.
Every three months dividends on pur
chases are divided vp — so much on the
dollars, stockholders practically getting
the profit on their own goods. The store
I is conducted on the cash basis, and no
j credit is eiven.
Employes have a stated salary and $500 |
! bonds are required as ■ guarantee of the i
faithful discharge of duty. The business |
is carried on strictly on what is known in ;
socialist doctrine as the Belgium plan, i
The first experiment on the Pacific Coast :
j was tried one year ago in Los Angeles,
j where it is now on a thriving footing. Start
ing as one store, there is now a grocery
store, carpenter shop and a blacK^mith
shop, all in a most prosperous condition.
The Oakland store, under the manage
ment of Jlr. Latimer, Das started out most
promisingly to advance the principles of
socialism.
The store will under no consideration
undersell the market trice ot goods.
When the quarterly accounting comes
the profit is eiven in goods, money or
stock. A sinking fund is provided into
which the membership fee goes, and also
a small percentage of the net profits.
Economy is studied, and no perishable
or unnecessary staple goods are carried,
but can be had on demand. This is to
lower the rates of insurance.
The directors elected are Eugene Hough,
John Meyer, A. Levin, Theodore Radtke
J. H. Eustice (treasurer), J. T. Latimer
(manager).
WOOLEY ON PROHIBITION.
Addresses a Very Larg« Audience at
Hamilton Hall.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.-Hon. J. G.
Wooley addressed a very large audience
to-niyht at Hamilton Hall on prohibition
issues. Rev. Dr. R. F. Coyle opened with
a few brief remarks and prayer, and the
noted prohibitionist speaker at once
launched out upon his favorite theme.
His review of the progress of the party
during the past year wns very encouraging
and the speaker predicted that it was only
a matter of a few years when all the ele
ments composing the great moral force of
the country would unite on a prohibition
platform and place nominees in office.
The meeting was the most enthusiastic of
its nature ever held in this city.
Opening of a New Church.
The chapel to be occupied by the Evangeli
cal Luthcrsn Church of the Holy Spirit, Rev.
Oliver C. Miller pastor, is being fitted up, and
will be ready for the opening service Whitsun
day, May 24. The congregation began services
six months ago iv Franklin Hal, Flllmore
street. Services will be held to-morrow in the
chapel, 2127 Jackson street, near Buchanan.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY IG, IS9G
DEMOCRATIC WAR
FOR SUPREMACY.
Meeting of Alameda's Com
mittee Called for To-
Night.
FIGHTING FOR CONTROL.
Prison Director Fitzgerald and
Chairman Laymance Lead
the Factions.
EACH SIDE IS VERY CONFIDENT
Votes Are Being Sought For in
Every Precinct in tbe
County.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.)
908 Broadway, May 15. )
The Democracy of Alameda County will
meet to-morrow evening to issue a call for
a primary to be held the following Satur
day nic;ht.
Although it is generally conceded that
the delegates who will be named at Sacra
mento by the men to be elected at the pri
maries will not nominate the next Presi
dent, there is still a very warm tight in
progress for the control of the party of the
county.
Under the call issued by Chairman
Gould of the State Central Committee,
Alameda County is entitled to thirty-tive
delegates, this being on the basis of one
for each 200 votes cast for Budd for Gov
ernor. It is, however, left to tUe option of
the committee to elect one of the thirty
nve as a delegate-at-large, leaving thirty
four to be elected at the primaries.
It is considered probable that the com
mittee will take advantage of the oppor
tunity to elect a delegate-at-large, and the
candidates are R. M. Fitzgerald, W. W.
Foote and M. J. Laymance. The factions
aie headed by Prison Director Fitzgerald
on one hand and M. J. Laymance, chair
man of the County Committee, on the
other hand.
M. J. Laymance has a powerful follow
ing, which is said to include William D.i
English. Warren B. English, Frank J.
Moffitt, Postmaster White, P. E. Dalton
and ex-Sheriff McKiMu.ni.
R. M. Fitzgeraid is said to be supported
by John P. Irish, John R. Qlasscock, J.
D'aggeit ami Governor Budd. The tight
really represents the Irish and English
wings of the Democracy that have waged
a lively warlare against each other for
years.
In speaking of his candidacy Robert
Fitzgerald said: "I have not asked any
of tnem to help me, nor have I promised
m 3* support to eiti er ot them in the eveut
of my election. At the same time I shall
stand with my friends and will not throw
any bouquet? to those who are fighting
me. lam informed that every Democratic
Postmaster iv Aiameda County has been
directed to oppose my election as delegate
to Chicago. It will not surprise me to'see
the Alameda Democrats employed at Mare
Island down here voting against me at the
primary.
"Notwithstanding desperate efforts to
defeat me, I am confident of success, for I
rind I have friends- in every precinct in the
county. Eliminate the Democratic Post
masters from this li-:ht or permit them to
exercise their individual preferences and
the comoination of politicians against me
could not carry one-third of the precincts
in this county "in this fight.
"I am not lighting W. W. Foote, and it
has been claimed that I am making the
DaKgeU-Irisb nght in this county. This
is not — when the district convention
is over that settles it so far as I am con
cerned."
There are ninety-nine members of the
committee that will meet to-morrow
night, and as both factions have many
friends the result is in doubt.
The fight is not confined to Oakland,
but has been carried into the county and
will be fought out in every precinct.
BLIND PIANO- TUN KKS.
A New Branch of Tuition at the State
Home.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— Inmates ot
the Adult Blind Home will in future be
taught the profession of piano-tuning.
This was decided upon by the directors
last night.
In speaking of the innovation, Superin
tendent Hayes said to-day:
"The blind have a more acute sense of
hearing and sound than others not so un
fortunately afflicted. Sound and feeling
to them must take the placeof signt, so this
condition is only natural. There is no
reason why our blind men should not
mane apt piano-tuners; and. indeed, there
is every reason why they should.
"In Paris, I am informed, the majority
of tuners are blind men, and their services
are sought in preference to others who
have si^ht. The necessity of the men hav
ing a thorough understanding of music is
a fallacy. From competent authority it is
assert-d that the tuning of a great many
excellent performers on this instrument
is not at all first class. In some cases
technical knowledge of music is a draw
back. Sound alone, I believe, is the nio^t
important factor, and a comprehension of
the different tones. I believe, will readily
be acquired by our men."
W. C. T. U. Officers.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— The W. C.
T. U. convention met again this morning
and elected the following officers: Mrs.
N. Jolidon-Croake of Oakland, prtsident;
vice-president at large, Mrs. Wood: first
vice-president, Mrs. M. J. Hamilton; sec
ond vice-presdent, Mrs. Ida Jamison of
Alameda; recording hecretary, Mrs. Alice
E. Bangs of Berkeley; corresponding sec
retary, Mrs. Baser; treasurer, Mr*. Mary
Teeple of Twenty-third avenue; auditor,
Mrs. Grace M. Kimball.
Balloon Ascenalon.
OAKLAND, Cal.. May 15.— A1l persons
wishing to avoid the crowd going to Blair
Park to see Professor Robert Earlston
make his balloon ascension, and Zendeilo,
the famous contortionist, in a new routine
of introducing his great pedestal act, and
listen to the concert given by the Fifth
Infantry band on Sunday, May 17,
Bhoulrl try to arrive at the uark early in
the day by the Piedmont cars.
Prize Cakewalk.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— Primrose &
West's Mammoth Minstrel Company will
play at the Macdonough next Monday and
Tues lay evenings. A grand parade wiil
be given on the morning of each perform
ance, and for Tuesday eyenine a prize
Cakewalk is announced, which will be par
ticipated in by about fifty couples, includ
ing the Eastern and Western champions
and a number of local celebrities.
Davis It Called.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— Rev. Ed
ward Davis, pastor of the First Christian
Church, has received a call to the First
Church of San Francisco. A handsome
salary has been offered.
Confession of a Thief.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— Charles
Pierce, who is in jail for burglary, has
made an interesting confession to Jailer
White. He says he alone is guilty of the
raids made on the Meek warehouse, and
that he disposed of his stolen property to
an Oakland merchant. Altogether Pierce
stole over a ton of almonds.
Cow Poisoning.
OA.KL AND. Cal.. May 15.— Dog poison
ers are at work in We«t Oakland and
within the past few days several valuable
animals have been destroyed. Police Offi
cer Scanlan is detailed to try and catch
the miscreants. Several of the people
whose cows have been poisoned also had
their dogs poisoned some time ago.
Probably a Crank.
OAKLAND, Cal., May 15.— Coroner
Baldwin receive 1 a letter from Hallidie
Henderson, the crank who recently stated
that he murdered two women in Fruit
vale. He asked the Coroner to bury them
decently and send the bill to him. The
letter is very evidently that of a lunitic.
IIISTOKY OF A DAI,
Alsmeda County Happenings Told In
Brief Chapter*.
Oakland Office San Francisco Callj
1)03 Broadway, May 15. j
Florence W, Young has been grunted a di
vorce from John Young on the ground of deser
tion. The plaintill' may take her maiden
name of Chambers.
John A. Townley has appealed to the Sn
preme Court In the case against Edson F.
Adama in which a verdict of tut- jury in favor
ol the plaintiff waa set aside.
This morning Mrs. AnnaKlinker, 70 years
old, who has been living with a family named
Periasat 1540 San Pablo avenue, was missing
when the family arose at 5 o'clock and nothing
has been heard of her since.
The Finance Committee of the City Council
desired to hear the charges preferred by Mayor
Davie against City Engineer Wilson last night,
but Davie did not put in an appearance to
back them up. The matter was continued to
Tuesday night.
Solomon UaumKarten was dismissed by the
Po'.ice Court this morning for Ms latest of
fense — thai of beating his wife. No one ap
peared to swear to a complaint and we
defendant was released upon Hie motion of
the prosecution.
The estate of Philip Dreyer, the sea captain
who was murdert d by his Chinese cook while
en route to Jajiin. consists of an interest in
the schooner Lymaa I). Fobter, valued at
$3300 and personal property worth $175. The
deceased was a resident of Alameda.
C. A. Seifert, a druggist at 932 and 934
Seventh street, has filed a petition in insolv
ency. He owes #6883 94. His assets are esti
mated at i?7Son. ol uhichs2OO is exempt. The
stock is worih £7000, and he hus an equity in
certain stock In tne L'nited States Investment
Union valued at 9-JUO Hud $400 worth of book
accounu.
IS NEXT TO GLADSTONE.
Visit of Ex-Ottoman Consul-
Genera! Sweeney to the
Coast.
Will Address the Christian Endeavor
Convention at San
Jose.
Oakland Ornc* Fax Francipco Call, )
( .«J8 Broadway, May 15. j
Hon. Z. 8. Sweeney will arrive here to
morrow morning and will be the guest of
Rev. James Small. Mr. Sweeney is re
nowned the world over as an orator and
lion. Z. T. Sweeney, Said to Be the
Greatest Living Orator Next to Glad
stone.
he is also ex-United States Consul-General
to the Ottoman Empire. He is also the
Imperial Ottoman Commissioner to the
World's Fair. Mr. Sweeney is also a
Christian minister and the author of
"Under Ten Flftga." lie is the brother of
George W. Sweeney, for a lone time pastor
of the First fhristifiu Church, which pas
torate is now filled by Rev. J. Small.
Mr. Sweeney's home is at Columbus.
Ind.. and he was appointed Consul-Gen
eral to Turkey by President Ilßrrison. He
i^ saiii to be the king of tne American pui
pit as a platform speaker and orator. He
will address the Christian Endeavor Con
vention at San Jose on Sunday morning.
A new Tabernacle bas been erected in ihe
Garden City, on Santa Clara street, with a
capacity of 2000, for tne meetings that he
will conduct down there during the next
four week-.
When Professor John Stewart Blackie
was asked by Sir William White, "Who
next to Gladstone, is the greatest living
OTator?" Blackie replied : "The honor lies
between the Earl of Rosebery and Z. T.
Sweenev, an American torrent of elo
quence.^'
Mr. Sweeney's book has attracted world
wide attention, and has been translated
into several languages.
CONTRACTORS AT WAR
William J. Schmidt, John Stutt
and A. H. Broad Are at
Loggerheads.
Three-Cornered Fight With Warrants
for Arrest — Broad Fined
Twenty Dollars.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.— A large
crowd gathered at Cedar and Wheeler
streets to-day to await developments in
the war of Contractors W. J. Schmidt,
John Stutt and A. H. Broad, each of
whom has a force of men at work in the
locality.
Schmidt is grading Cedar street and
Stutt is tilling iv a lot at the corner of
Wheeler street upon which a house is to
be erected by Contractor Broad.
Three arrests have already been made
as a result of the contractors' differences,
which originated in an effort of TV. J.
Schmidt to prevent Stutt'a teams and
workmen from interfering, as he says,
with his work. Schmidt had Broad ar
rested for malicious mischief in tearing
Children Cry for Pitcher's Castoria.
up a sidewalk. Broad swore out a warrant
charging Schmidt with intent to commit
murder, aliening that he had made threat
ening use of giant-powder cartridges, and
Stutt was charged by Schmidt, in two
warrants, with disturbing the peace and
malicious mischief.
'As a result of an assault by Stutt, "said
Mr. Schmidt this afternoon, "one of my
horses is staggering in its stall with I be
lieve a cracked skull. Stutt became angry
at one of my men, and in endeavoring to
stop a team he seized a plank and battered
a horse on the bead. I had him arrested
for cruelty to animals and afterward for
disturbing the peace, as he was using loud
and boisterous language in venting his
displeasure.
"I have a very large force of men at
work on the street, and Stutt's men, work
ing on a grade above them, have been
piling dirt on where my men were carting
it away.
"The charge placed against me by
Broad is entirely without foundation.
Giant-powder cartridges were used by roe
in blasting, and if there was any ono in
the vicinity of the blasts who "did not
know enough to keep away froiu them
when told to I can't help it.
"Several times after fu=es wore lit on
my cartridges Stutt and Broad have put
them out, and I have therefore concocted
a new scheme and have a long and short
fuse, one of which usually ignites the
powder."
Stutt and Broad say that Schmidt has no
power to stop them working, ana that
they will continue to fill in the lot and
build a bouse as they have begun.
The forces of the three contractors were
at work all day to-day, but no trouble
occurred, and the crowd which gathered
in the hope of witnessing exciting develop
ments were disappointed.
A. H. Broad was arraigned in an Oak
land court this morning and pleaded
guilty to having torn up the sldwalK. Jus
tice Clift decided that the act was mali
cious mischief, and Broad was fined $'JO.
The chain against Schmidt has been
changed to disturbing the peace, as a war
rant tor intent to commit murder was not
obtainable under the circumstances.
The three contractors will continue their
work to-morrow and next week, and mean
while two charges of disturbing the peace
and one of cruelty to animals remain to
be disposed of.
Third Special Klection.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.— The third
special election of the year to secure
money for tc:>oo!s will be held in Berkeley
to-morrow. The election is to be under
the school district election law, which pro
vides for only one polling place. The
polls will open at 8 o'clock at the Kellogg
School and will close at sundown.
The measure to be voted upon iB a
proposition to raise by direct tax $22,500
to secure new school buildings. Some
of the present buildings are badly
overcrowded, and a considerable increase
in attendance is expected «t the opening
of the next school year in August.
President Boom bf the Board of Educa
tion baa issued a circular asking voters to
support the iax and calling attention to
the needs of the schools and the project of
additional requirement?, the increase in
the number of pupils having been nearly
tWO in the past two years.
The two former elections held this year
were for bonds. A two-thirds "ma
jority is required to carry a bonding
proposition. In each case the measare
was favored by a heavy majority, hence
as a simple preponderance of affirmative;
votes is all that is required to carry a di
rect tax, friends of the proposition "that is
to be voted upon to-morrow are hopeful
that it will be carried.
More Freshmen Than Ever.
BERKELEY. Cal., May 15.— From pres
ent prospect* there will be more freshmen at
tiie State University next year than ever be
fore, and 173, or about one-tiiird more than
at any time hitherto, are now taking the
entrance "exes." If the number of suc
cessful applicants for admission increases
in a corresponding ratio, the class of 19l»0
will doubtless reach the 500 or even 550
mark.
There is a growing tendency on the
pan of the faculty to be more strict and
' exacting in their markings than hitherto,
; which is evidently due to a desire to raise
j the standard of the institution and to
I prevent such an absolute overcrowding
i that they cannot give the students proper
attention. Last year there were 150 ap
p.icants who were unsuccessful in their
entrance examinations. As it was 417
gained admission. This year eighty-ei^ht
schools in various parts of the State de
sired to be accredited as against fifty-nine
of last year.
Merchants Hill Organize.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.-A number
Ol local merchants held a meeting in
! Pythian Hail iast night to discuss the
organization of a Berkeley Board of Trade.
Ait<*r general discussion of the projected
association committees were appoiuted to
interview the local tradespeople and pre
pare for tinnl organization at a meeting to
be held next Thursday evening.
The committeemen for East Berkeley
are S. H. Taylor and Cnarle« Demetrak:
for North Berkeley, August Vollmer; for
j the West End. Hi Heywood and J. E.
Bpenger; for Lorin, R. H. Baker, and for
Dwight way, J. K. Stewart.
After the Republicans.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.— Mrs. G. W.
Hui-ht and Mrs. Isaac Bangs of the Citi
zen Suffraee League of Berkeley were
present at the meeting of the West Berke
ley Republican Club last night and in
vited the members of the club to attend
the big suffrage rally that is to be held in
Shattuck Hal! on the 20th and 2lst of this
month, when Miss Yates and Miss An
thony are expected to be present. The
| ladies also asked the Republicans to assist
i them in arranging for a meeting in West
: Berkeley and a motion was carried to give
I the woman suffragists all the assistance
! possible.
Tore Down the Signs.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.—Superin
i tendent of streets Guy Chick went
j through Bcrkelev this afternoon with a
' heavy lumber wason and tore down all
j the auction and other signs which had
[ been posted on the tele^rapß and tele
i phone poles and fences contrary to the
, town ordinance. Before he had finished
I his work he hauied two heavy loads of
| posters, si^ns and placards to the back
j yard of the Town Hall, where he says he
I will raaKc them into firewood. The greater
part of tde signs were those announcing a
tug auction sale to-morrow.
Students' Gateway.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.— A corps of
University carpenters were at work to-day
erecting a gate at the new entrance to the
university grounds, directly in front ot
the lower end of the students' pathway.
j The gate and posts are of redwood, and
were put up with the purpose of supplying
only v temporary need. A stone and iron
gate will be erected later.
Skull and Keys Play.
BERKELEY, Cal., May 15.— The Skull
and Keys Literary and Social Club of the
State University will give their annual
play at Shattuck Hall to-morrow evening.
STOREKEEPER MISSING.
Nelson Dennis* Friends Fear Thnt He
Has Met With Foul Flay.
Nelson Dennis, storekeeper of the North
ern Pacific Railroad's supply house at
Tiburon, has been missing since last
Wednesday noon, and his friends and rel
atives are greatly alarmed over the fear
that he has met with foul play. "When
last seen Dennis had something over $100
in his possession, but as he is not a drink
ing man those who know him best scout
the idea that he is dissipating.
The case was reported to the police at
the California-street station last evening,
and the various watc es have been in
structed lo keep a lookout for the missing
man.
Augustin Daly Arrives.
Augustin Daly, known the world over,
who owns a big thrater in London, arrived
here last night, accompanied by Miss Ada
Rehan of his company and her brother, Arthur
Kenan. They are at the Palace. The Daly
Company is soon to open at the Baldwin.
GEO. F. LAMSOI AUCTIONEER.
Office— 4 10 Ke.irnv Street.
. THIS DAY.
Saturday May 16, 1896,
L, At 11 ° dock a. m., on th • premises.
K.O. 613 tiKAKV STREET,
_. „ I Will. SKI.L THE
SUFERIOR FURNITURE OF RESIDENCE,
' COMPRISING
1 Grand Square Weber Piano;- odd pieces Parlor
furniture; best Brussels Carpets; Lace Curtains:
Pictures: 1 very elecant Mirror Foldins-bed: 1
California Mirror Foldtns-bed: Walnut Chamber
suits; Oak Hal Rack: 1 elegant oak Mirror-top
Chiffonier; 1 line Oak Extension Table; Oak
IJinin; Chairs; line China and Cur i.iasware:
Table Cattery; 1 superior I.oun^c: 1 Refr gerntor;
Atrate-ware; Cook .stove; Laundry Articles, etc.
TKKM6— Cask.
i UEO. F. LAMSON. Auctioneer.
PAVILION AUCTION HOUSE.
319-321 Sutter St., Above Grant Aye.
CONTINUATION SALE !
AGATEWARE. ""AGATEWARE.
I will sell at public auction, on the premises, 731
Market St.. SbOtO worth of Agate and Imperial
Ware, consist!::;; of Saucepans, Mockpoo, Tea-
kettles, Coffee an! Tea Pots, Fry ing- Pans, etc., too
numerous to mention. I call the attention of ho-
tel-keepers, restaurant-keepers, Krocerj and deal-
ers and the public in general.
Note — The above stock is the finest ever offerra
at auction. Terms cash. S. BASCH, Auctioneer.
PAYILIOS AUCTIO3 HOUSE,
319-32 1 Sautter St., above Grant Are.
At 19 Eddy St., bet. Mason and Powell,
THIS DAY.
Saturday May 16, 1896,
At 1 o'clock r. m.. I will sell
The First-class Stock of Imported and Domestic
Clears, Cigarettes and Tobacco, Cigar-holders,
Lighters, Counters, , Shelving, Nat.onal Cash
Register. Hall Safe, Mirrors, etc,
S. r>v-ril. Auctioneer.
GRAND ARMY MEMORIAL
George H. Thomas Post Making
Arrangements tor the
Day.
Captain John Tuttle Wi 1 Solicit the
Service of C. M. Shortridge
for Orator.
George H. Thomas Post of the Grand Army
of the Kepubiie at its last meeting took steps
for the usual celebration of Memorial day in
honor of their departed comrades interred in
the National Cemetery at the Presidio. To
this end Captain John Tuttle was appointed
chairman of the committee of arrangements,
with the following comrades to assist him: G.
W. Walls, Joseph Simons^on, J. Onyon, Klisha
Brooks, A. J. lisell and Selden Sturges. Sub
committees were nnmed by the general com
mittee, that on floral decoration comprising J.
EL Carols, J. B. Pierrepont, Carter Houston and
W. R. Ptirnell. A committee wasalsoappointed
to wait ou Generals \V. M. Cirahuia of the reg
ular army and R. H. AYarfield, commanding
the National Guard, asking their co-opera lion
with the commands under their supervision
for that occasion:
The selection of orator of the day was espe
cially left to Chairman Tuttla, whose intention
it is 10 secure the service of C. M. Shortridge,
if that gentleman will favor the post on this
occasion. Dei>artini'iit Chaplain the Rev. Dr.
Cruzan will offer prayer, uiul Abraham Liu
-00 n'a Gettysburg address will be recited by
Nellie Hoibrook Bliun.
Flowers have beeu promised by the Ladies of
the G. A. li. and the seven Pines Circle, from
San Jose, Santa Cruz, Oakland and other adja
cent towns. The Golden Gate Park contribution
coming iv as usual, those precious gifts will be
worked into appropriate garlands by the San
Francisco ladies of the G. A. R. and Seven Pines
Circle.
Further arrangements will be made at the
next meetiug of the committee.
WHY GAUBATZ DIED.
A Bookkeeper Swallows a Dose of
Carbolic Acid Because His Wife
Is Dangerously Sick.
William Gaubatz, aged 31. employed in the
office of the San Francisco Breweries, limited,
as bookkeeper, committed suicide by swallow
ing carbolic acid yesterday morning.
Gaubatz went down to the office early, and
was apparently in good spirits. About 9
o'clock he left, saying he would return in a
few moments. Going directly to the Xovelty
saloun, corner of Mission and First streets, he
stopped in the doorway, and pulling out a
vial swallowed the contents. He told the bar
keeper he was sick and asked to be allowed to
rest awhile in a chair. Shortly afterward he
fell upon the floor unconscious.
The patrol wagon was summoned to take
Gaubniz to the Receiving Hospital, but lie
died on the way. A small bottle that con
tained, borne carbolic acid was found in his
pocket.
Gaubatz worked in the office of the brewery
syndicate tor six years, first as clerk and for
the last four years as bookkeeper. He was
formerly a clerk in the Fredericksbnrg Brew
i cry office tor a short time after coming direct
! from Germany.
| On May IS his wife went to the German Hos
pital, suffering from a sudden attack of dis
ease. Her case was regarded as critical,
though somewhat improved yesterday. This
had an efftct on Gr.ubatz, who had been in
very bad health and almost prostrated, and •
both causes are supposed to have affected his
reason, ills accounts were correct to date.
CONVENT ION RATES.
A Pleasure Trip Prevents Action Being
Taken on Them.
Little progress was made at the brief
morning session of the Transcontinental
Passenger Association yesterday. The
committee on convention rates submitted
its report, providing for half rates to the I
seven National conventions to take place
durine the summer, but no definite action
was taken on the report.
A motion was pending providing for a
vote being taken on the report of the com
mittee, when an invitation was received
and acccepted to go out on the tug Fear
less to meet the battle-ship Oregon on her
return to this harbor from her successfnl
trial trip. It was too late in the afternoon
when the members returned to transact
any further business and an adjournment
was taken until this morning.
OCEAW STEAMSHIPS:
COMPAGMI- GENERAL TRAMTLIITIfUB
French Lino to Havre.
pOM PANV'SIMKK <NE\V),42 NORTH am
V. River, foot of Morton St. Travelers by 1&P&9
this line avoid both transit oy English rali«uy"nuj
the discomfort of crossing the channel In a small
boat. New YorK to Alexandria, Egypt, via P<»ri*
first-ciass if 100: second-class, $11&.
LA BRKTA«NIfI. « apt. Rape May 16.4 a.m.
l A TOT!! A INF, CapU Santelll.. . .May 2.<> 8 a m
LA NORMANDIE MaY 8 A. M.
LA GAhCOGNE in c 20, 7 a M
I.A ><>i NIU« July 4. 6a. m. j
LA GAiCOGNK July 25. 11 a. h.
LA Mil: .\NDIK ....Antrustl, sa. M.
I.A BOTTSOOOKX, Capt. Leb >eul ..Tune 6, 7 a. m.
tST lor further particulars apply to
„ _„ A. FORGET. Agent,
» „ *.™ ■?. 3^^A in '- Green, New Yortc
J. P. FUGAZI A CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
avenue, ban Francisco.
ROYAL MAIL STEAJTPACKET COMPACT.
STEAMERS LEAVE ABPINW ALL <Tj|H_
fortnightly for the West Indies and -' 3&B
Southampton, calling; en route at C^rbourga,
France, and Plymouth to land passengers.
Through bills of lading. In connection with th«
Pacific Mail 8. S. Co., issued for freight and trea*.
Kre to direct ports in England and Germany.
Through tickets from San Francisco to Plymouth.
OtMTbourK, Southampton. First class, $195: third
•law, 997 ML For further particulars apply to
FABROTT & CO., Agents,
- 306 California ad
FALLEJO, BARE ISLHD. *BE.VICIA, POET
COSTA HI CROCRRTT.
STR. MOXTICELLO,
Daily, except Saturday and Sunday— lo:So *. »
mud lP.it: Saturday, 10:30 a. v., 3:30 r. V;
Sunday— H r. x.
Hr. only. ....
[ Lauding. Mission 1, Pl«r 4.
AUCTfOHALE !
SPECIAL SALE FOR LADIES I
PRESENTATiON SALE!
JAPANESE AID ORIENTAL GOODS.
4 19 Kearny Street.
THIS DAY.
Saturday.. May 16, 1896
At 1 V. ME.
• AT AUCTION,
A Mammoth stock of Japanese, Chinese and
Oriental Goods, consigned by an old merchant of
Chinatown, to be sol rvgar.Hess of cost. ■
At the close of each sale two or more Elegant
Presents will be given to the Ladles attending the
sale, free of any charge.
Chairs leserved tor ladies.
F. T. KEELAR, Auctioneer.
PAVILIOH AUCTION HOUSE,
319- 331 Sutter St.
AT COR. 22D AND MISSION STREETS;
THIS (SATURDAY) .EVENING,
At 7 p. m sharp, I will sell
An Elegant Stock Of CLOTHING, FURNISHING
GOODS, DRY GOODS, FANCY GOODS, HATS
LININGS. LACES, BUTTONS, THREADS,
TRIMMINGS, etc., and an immense line of other
goods generally contained in a first-class dry-
goods store.
■ 8. BASCH, Auctioneer.
EDWARD S. SPEAR & CO.,
Auctioneer*. 31 ami 33 Sutter Street.
TELEPHONE, MAIN, 518 L
SHOWCASES. showcases.
THIS DAY
Saturday May 16. 1896,
At 12 o'clock m.. in our salesroom,
. . ..\VB WILL SKI.I
50 New Shovrcasop. all sizes and lengths.
EDWARD S. bI'EAU & CO.. Auctioneers,
31 and 33 Sutter streot.
|]][^!PB©^|^SJ|iJ!||
ft' .1' l- i '!jS^ip?M^< / ' iffiP '.
"lepp 1
■ Tfifififc"'
inouflifog
A smart Broadway, New
/ \ York, druggist has
this sign hanging outside
his store; it marks the
new era of drug selling.
Is it any wonder that he
has to enlarge his quar-
ters, that his clerks are
busy, and that his store is
one of the most popular
along the leading thor-
oughfare ?
You can afford to trade
with a druggist that has
such a motto as that.
OCEAN STEAMSHIPS.
o. if*., jcS3 rsr.
ASTORIA ANDjORTLAND.
$2.59 Second Class, $5 First Class,
MEALS AND BERTHS INCLUDED.
Eiate of California sails May 23 and June 3
Columbia sails May 18 and '-'8
From Spear-stL Wharf (Pier 24) at 10 a. it
t-UOUALL, TERKINsIfc (*)., Geill. SaptS.
P. X. COXA OR, General Asent.
630 .Market street.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP COMPACT
CUT RATES
_ , TO
VICTORIA, B. C, and
PUGET SOUND.
3?"lx*flrt Class &Q.OO
Second Class OO
Meals and b»r-++i Included.
Ticket Office — 4 few Montgomery Street.
GOODALL, PEBKINS <fc CO..
General Agents. <
PACIFIC COAST STEAfISfIIP COMPAJY
STEAMERS WILL SAIL FROM V3«a
k^ liroadway wharf, baa Francisco, us -fe&Sy
follows:
For Mary Island, Lorin«, WrangeL Jnneaa. KU-
lisnoo ana Sltka (Alaska), as 8 a. m., May 14,
29, June 3. 13, .8, X&
For Victoria anil Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes andXevr
Whatcom (BelMngliuni Bay, Wash.). 9 a. it.
May 4. 9. 11, if, 24. • ■•.■». and every flf:li
day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver wttu
the C f. R. F... Ac Tacoiua with N. V. R. iL,
at Seattle with O. .N. Ity., a; Por: Townsend wita
Alaska steamers.
For Kureka, Arcata sad Fields Landing (Hunv
boldt Bay) str. Pomona, 2 P. m., May 1. 5. 9,
13. 1". 21. 25. 29. and every fourth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. Cayucoi,
Port Ilarford (San ' Luis Oblspo), Oavio'.a. san'a
Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San Pedro. Kast Saa
Pedro (Los Ansceies) ana Newport, at 9 a. m.. May
3. 7. 11. 11, 19, 23, 27, 31 ana every tourtU day
thereafter.
For San Diet^o, stopping only at Port Harforl
(Ban Luis Oh:spo). banta Barbara. Port Loi
Angeles, Redondo (Los A:itfe!es>and Newport, 11
A. U., .May 1. 6. 9. 13. 17, .'I, 25, 29 anJ
every fourth day thereafter.
For Knseuada. Han Joss del Cabo, Mazatlan. La.
Faz. Altata and nay run 4 (Mexico), »:r. Oriznba,
10 a. M.. May 5: str. Coos Bay, 10 a. 11., May 13.
Ticket office, Palaca Hotel, 4 New Montgomery
•treet-
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO., Gen'l Agent*.
- 10 Market st. San Francisco.
OCEANIC S.S. CO. ft D™?,!, 0 ,,
HAWAII. SAMOA, flL^ HONOLULU
NEW ZEALAND, Ql *r
AUSTRALIA. %£s.s. AUSTRALIA,
8. S. AUSTRALIA for HONOLULU only, Satut
day, May 23, at 10 a. m. Special party rates.
S. R. M>>NOVVAI sails via HONOLULU an<
AUCKLAND for SYDNEY. Thursday, May 2$
* LInetoCOOLGARDIE, Aust.. and CAPETOWN,
Line to COO LGAR DIE, Aust.. and CAPKTOWS,
B. Afr. J. D. SPRLXKhLS i BROS. CO.. Agts..
114 Montgomery st.
Freight OiTlce. 327 Market St., San Francisco.
HllßntG-JMERfCU LKfi
g*g?3jfcNyre^9 twin-screw express
— '■ 1 i lte *VfiM Line from New York to '
Plymouth (London), Cherboars, Paris <fc Hamburg.
Normannla May 14 I F. Bismarck May 28
A. Victoria. May 21 | C01umbia.... '..... Jane 4
I. Cabin, if 93 and upward; IL Cabin, $60 and $7S.
PLYMOUTH-LONDON. 4Vi h.. free of charge
by special train; CHERBOUItG-PARIS, 6Va h.
For passage apply to UaMBURG-AMERICAX
LINE, 37 Broadway, X. V., or to Lo<:al Agents.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St.,
v • > At 5 P. M. Daily.
Sunday at 7 P. M.
JKS~ Accommodations Reserved by Telephone.
STEAMEK*:-
T. C. Walker, J. D. Peters,
alary Oarratt, City of Stockton.
Telephone Main 805. Car Nay. and Impt. Co
V" "V -Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
is3^J&*' i r£.*S F:AIIX ' r ST - Established
Rli JftiJ V? 185 '* for the treatment of Private
|iyjJvs3V Diseases. Lost Manhood. lability or
*»2v> KIAEST ST. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
"isease wearing on bodyand mind and
M *^S r^ibSa • s kin Diseases 'I'neeioctorcureswheo
ifcgafoiitiffia "there fall. Try him. Charges low
CSUrjfcV^fYa <*nr<-»gnarnnt< «»d. Callorwrlta*
»r. a, F. ukUUUX. u«i i»37.sau Franctoe*
1311
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining Stocks Quieter at Generally
Lower Quotations.
Business In mining stocks was decidedly quieter
yesterday, and values were lower on the morning
and noon sessions, but net Into rise again on the
noon call. However, the best prices were below
tnose of Thursday, except in the cases of Chollar,
which sold up to #:■(. and Savage, which touched
$1 30. Bod i»- was very strong, advancingto $1 10.
The close \v#s lower. .
Busiuass on the Bond Exchange was quieter, and
quotations were generally easy.
It is sain that orders have been given to BO
ahead with the work of exploring the new find of
ore on the 200 level of the Chollar-Brunswick
workings.
The Virginia Chronicle says: The situation In
ton. Virginia. Ophir and Chollar is reported to be
about the same. An improvement was rumored
tol inn taKen place in Gould & Curry ground on
the Brunswick lode. The Crown Point and
Belcher are also reported to show very encourag
ing prospects.
The following local corporations paid monthly
dividends yesterday: Oakland 25 cents. f-sn
Frnnclsco Gas 35 cents, Kdi>ou Li-ht and Power
66 2-3 cents. Pacific Telephone and Telegraph 30
cents, sunset Telephone and 1 elegmpn 20 cents.
The Pacific Auxiliary Fire Alarm Company paid
11 quarterly dividend of 5 cents.
Milling dividends were paid yesterday as fol
lows: Calumet and He<ia copper mine of Mich
igan, $5uo,OOO; Moon-Anchor, $6000, and Victor
of Colorado, $20,000. „,
The Boston and Montana mine of Montana will
pay a dividend of $300,000 on the -Oih in.-t.
1 he Homest.ike Mining Company will pay a div
idend of i!sc per share on the 25 inst
The Anaconda copper mine of Montana paid Its
first dividend of 62^c per share, or «750. 000, on
the Ist inst.
The Florence mine paid a-divldend of $10,000
May 2
1 lie I'nion mine paid a dividend of f 12,500 on
the sth inst
CHAI.n SALES.
Following the »»■<>* "» 'ho San FraneUa*
Hocic Board vesferd»T:
BEOCUH MOKMNO SESSION rOVIIKNCI!»H 9:30.
50 Alpha ....'.'B 400 Ch011r..2.45 250 ODhlr.. .2.10
400 27 600 2.50700 Overrun— 2l I
100 264000 Imp 04 100 22 I
100 25 800 Conn .1.45 600 P0t051...1.40
300 Alta. 17 400 CrwnPt.. 7s 100 1.45
300 Andes 44 100 74 200 1.35
700 8e1cner...75 :<OO 73 350 Savage.. 1.00
100 76 750 G<tC. l.6o 500 1.05
100 77;800 1.55 300 1.10
-.'CO B A ±;..1.50;J50 H&N....1.85 200 Seg 8e1....22
hSO 1.45 .00 1.M)*50 8 Nev.l.lo
21)0 R0d1e...1.(J0 100 Julia 21 100 1.05
-00 8u11i0n.. .31 :400: 400 Justice. ...IMOO Sil Hi 11.. .04
400 30 100 20&00 St Louis. 60 |
100 milm i'l 500 Kentcic... o9 550 Union. .l.oo ,
300 8u1wer...42 700 10 400 Utah '^0
100 Cballng...6<l"'Oo Mexcan..9O 100 19 j
150 58 400 92 600 V Jackt..67
100 57 350 91250 66
620 CC&V...3.U0 0ccid....2.00
ATTKBNOOX SESBIOK— 2: 30.
250 Alpha 27 50 C0nf1....1.90|200 Occd 2.10
00 Alia 18150 2.00 200 0ph1r....2.35
400 Ande5. .. .50)150 C P0int... 83 3.0 2.10
200 100 M 600vrmn....24 ;
20U Belcner...9V!3Jo 85 -00 ....26 '
B & 8..1.50 5001!;xcnqr...12 500 27
HOD 1.75 250 & C...1. 70100 P0t05i...1.45 |
200 80d1e... 1.10 150 1.76 800 1.50 ;
•JOO 8u11i0n... 35 200 H&M...1.81M300 1.55
20J „.. 3*400 2.00 1750 Savage 1.30
500 Cha11ge.. . 64*250 1.9 300 Scorpion.. o9 '
7UuCLo:iar. 3.0U;200 Julia 28 1200 Se£ 8e1.. 30
lOuO 2.95360 Mexicn. 1.10 400 S Nev..1.30 '<
60 2.90750 1.05 400 Uni0n. .1.20
900 CC&V...3.30 800 0ccdU...2.05 100 V Jackt..7B
SOU 3.250.00 2.15 200 79
400 Con 1m...04' I
following were tne iiaie* la tha Paclflo Stook
toard yesterday:
KEortAB ißFPsrox— lo:3m
300 Alpha ... 27 100 Ch011ar.2.75350 0ph1r... 2.25
100 150 3.00 60 2.10 I
215 Alia 1696U 2.90 100 2.-0
100 Andes. ...45 450 CC&V...2.H0 250 2.30
100 48 150 3.00 2500vrmn....25
.so Belcher... r>2oor > 200 3.05 P0105). .1.3J
800 ... -■» 100 ?y B 'so 1.45
550 M: 150 3.10150 1.60
400 K). 00 Con 1m...04 100 1.55
50 -6 200 OX V 07200 1.52
-OO 9.300 CrwnPt. ..7S 1150 Savagel.oo
•JOO 90 100 SI 300 1.05
100 848.. ..1.60100 200 -..1.10
300 1.45 100 B'^ -'6O I.OTL. '
200 a Exchqr..-16 s(>o l.ii
•JOO 1.60 500 11 900 1.171 ••
100 1.67 ia MM it C. 1.56,400 1.20
ICO 1.70 100 1.50200 Scorpion..oß I
500 _.. 1.65 500 1.45 00 58& M....21
100 Bodie 98 200 1.40 200 22
400 .........1.00 100 l.tiO .00 ....„ 23 ;
500 94 250 HAN ...1.75100 26
300 Bullion.. 32 109 1.90200 24
I'OO .. 81250 1.85 200 S Ner..1.15 :
100 39 350 Justice.. .. lß UiO 1.20
50 37 150 Kentuck.. In 300 1.25
300 _..Ht)IUJ ilexcan.. 9b 250 Sll Hi 11 ....04
100 Bulwer 46300 1 5 2000 UnonCl.os
. ■ ii 4-1 600 1.02 Vi 100 1.10
200 Caleda 18 lUO 1.0U200 1.15 I
•».'>;) Chailne...t»M 100 Mono 18 100 1.20
250 Chollar.2.Uo I'M . 'JO 200 Ulan 20
300 2.65 JOOOccld.. 100 YJ*elC«..69
SM) 2.50 200 1.95350 70 '
150 2.52Vb,300 2.10:200 71
AFTKRNOON BKSSIOJf— 2:3O.
400 Aloha 26 50 CC&V...3.50 100 Ophir.
100 29 100 3.15 200 Ovrmn.. 25
300 Alia. 20 500 C Imp... 04 200 24
200 Andes 60 200 C Point. .8 500Potosi.. 1.60
150 Blcnr ... 9^300 O AC. ..1.75 150 1.50
3l'O is* 8...1.75400 1.65 600 Savage.. l.2s
600 ..I.BOIOD 1.77 V" 150 1.27 U.
300 1.77 V 3V 3 300 1.70 iOO 1.20
100 1.70 100 1.75200 1.171
150 80d1e.. .1.05100 H&N...1.90 60 1.30
200 8u11i0n... 37 400 1.93150 1.471 A
700 35 100 2.00 100 1.1 5
3uO 8u1wer.... 41' 50 1.95 600 S 11 AM . 27
Caled 18200 Justice ....lß 400 S N0v.. 1.35
25'J ChllUKe...sß 200 Keutuck..lO; 50 1.32V a
400 t)S6OJ iixcan. 1.05 450 .. .. 1.3U
150 Ch0uar..3.05 600 1.10200 125
50 2.90 300 1.17y 2 100 ....". .1.271
150 3.00 200 Mono . It) 300 S Hill., .Oo
350 CC<tV...3. 0ccdt1...'2.10 200 Utah 25
BUO 3.25 -00 2.05400 V J»CK«t..7»
300 ... 3.22y 2 -50 Ophlr.. ..2.30 400 80
150 3.10100 2.35 100 . . 84
300 ....... ...3.30 150 2. 32 100 75
250 3.15 2.271,2 100 74
CLOSINCr QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY. May 15-4 p. St.
BH.At*f<l.\ £td.Atk*d.
AlrJi* C0n..... 28 30 Jackson.. . 40 -
Alia 17 19 Julia. m 25 27
Anoci - 49 SI Jus:ioß- ..'...". 19 20
btlcner 82 83KentacR. ..._ 10 11
Be«: <£ Heloner. 1.60 1.65 I.tdv Wasn.... — 05
10di«... 1.00 1.05 Mexican _ 1.00 1.05
1 rnton(;on.... 30 —M0n0...,, .... 16 —
bullion 36 37 Nevada — 05
Bulwer _ 40 —Occidental 1.90 1.95
C&iedoma 15 17,Uplur 2.25 2.30
tholiar 2.80 2.85 UTermaa .... 24 26
ten. CaL dt Va. 3.15 3.20 Potosi .1.40 1.46
Cballenge Con. 64 65>avp|;e I 1.15 1.20
Loj. Imoenai. 01 05 teg. Belcher... V 829
C'ccridence ,1.80 —Scorpion 08 —
I on. New Yore 07 — Mlver H.UI 06 07
Crown Pom:... 82 83. blerra Nevada, 1.25 1.30
)«.-!>. trra.Ni» — 06UmonCou 1.16 1.20
McLequer.. 11 12 Utah 24 26
t>ouid Curry. 1.65 I.7o'Veilovr JaciUi. 74 75
.title ix Aorers.l.9o 1.95
GOLD MIKING EXCHANGE,
200 AmaliP 2 05 Providence
Champion ....... Bid 55 00
BW 25 00 Asked 80 00
Asked 26 00 100 Savannah 40
200 o rant 201100 .. 41
100 21100 42
Kennedy 500 . ... .. 43
Bid 9 501500 _ 44
Asked 11 00,700 Sevastopol....- 55
Kt-ystone. -600 6t
Bid 6600200 67
'.100 Lockwood Con.. 36*
IStr.Al, SECURITIES.
Asked 100 Atla-? iron Works 1 00
Bid 2 Hnmboldl Bank 1100 00
Asked 50 Tuscarora Water 7 50
STOCK AND BONO EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 16 -3 p. m.
rsITH) hi *T..i BO.VIM.
Kit. Afk'M. Bid. Alhad.
V F4sconp..lo9- J^lll U fS4s ret... 109 a —
Do. new is. 117 119 | 8
MlscKL:.<.vscnn< bovi>i.
Cal-s'.Cbless. — 113 'Do. 74 inn 4*. — —
L'alElecL6s. — 1 '.a V 2V 2 '1-Af) Ry 6*. 105 120
Cn;raCWss. 96y 3 98 r<tChßv6i - 107
Djint-stex-cp 77 85 J'wl-st.RRS^. — 1161/4
EdsnL&P 6s. — 122VJ. Keno. WL4L — 105
URtis.lo4l/2 — 'HlrerW — 100
liearv-stRSs. 101 105 i-»c;nl' ,'; L - ltfjy,
LosAneL6j. - 103 t■F4NPRR^sIO2 —
Do,Onted.6s. — 103 bPBKArUOS 96% —
»Ikt-BtCble6sl23 — KPRRCoI6».. lOM'/111l
JioKyi on6s.. — >06 'SPHU Cals_ — —
NevCN^R7s. 95 105 bi'BrKCalO*. 98&-» —
NPCRRSs. - 108 hVWa:er6s.. 119 1195/,
Ky Cal 6s. 102 105 bVWater4s_ 99 99Vi
NRy Cal ss. — 100 iStktnG&Ktfi — 101
Oak Gas 0%.. 100 104% SnnstT.iT6s.loo -
Da 2d I»sss.lO:JV 3 — Kutter-BtR6».IO7JA —
Omnibus 119/4 — Y_u_W'Cd» — Ui
IkCilolLMb*.. — — I
.wat " smam.
Contra Cost* 39y 3 40V^^anJose 75 100
i:aniiCu. ... 60 - |bpilnxV'alle/ 9UVs 99 9 / i
« / bTOCK*.
CfipUal — 35 Paclllc Light. 46V 2 49
Central 95 — ban J-rancsco 923/ a 928/
I'ukuUH. 51% 53 tMOClcton. .... — aiVi
ikcuuiui^L US MV(
ivsum.%, • HT)CIC«.
FlremansF<l.l7oy 8 — |Sun 41 —
COM I ...... a:, hank «to-ki.
AmerBATC — — iLondonP<fcA.l2BiAlV9
/.DRIO-Cal ... 51 60 ' LondonAdB 1 . — 27M
Bank of CaL. 239 242»/ 2 Merch Ex-.. Vi — '
CaISDATCa. :>:<i/4 — (Nevada — —
FlrstNatlonl. 178 182 valuer Co. - —
b! lingers — — I
M"l\-|i»EASK»TVi:t'
G«t=*LCo..)4ls ■ — Sav&Loaa.. -- 300
HumbSdLL.lloo 1450 Security - 260
Mutual — 40 I Union Trust. 736 bOO
fci buvLniou — 485 |
BTBKET KAILROAD STOCTIC*.
California.... - HO iOak.SL&Ha7 - 100
«;eory-5t...~ 65 . 75 Presiaio.;.,. 7% 10
Mtorkei-dt.... 45% 46% Sutter-s: . — —
. «,« . t. ITll.-K>.
Atlantic D... 16V» 171/4 J "« I »on „ — -
J a-- ru D.. — 90 lOlant 23% 2*\<
California.... 80 115 IVlßont. — 95c
yisr- LMNKntn STo^Km.
AlßHkaPkrs. 861/ i - OceanlcSSOO — 27V!
UlkDCoalCo. — 10 PacAuxFA,. X —
t'alColMllls.. — — I '* c Uorax._ 98 100
CalDrvl>oclc. — — ! Pacl&NOa — 80
Edison Light 117 IIBV3 PacßoU MUI - —
UabConAwa. - - iParfPalntC* «V> 7V.
Ger Lead Co.. 85 — I FacTransCo, — *4
HanCtSCOi. 20* i2l '.racTdtTUO 65 70
HntcbSPOo. 27% 28 |BunaetT*r.. 41 —
JodsooMfgC. — — United UCo.. — M
MerExAssnlOO 110 |
BALI3— MORN INS SESSION.
Board—
90 Alaska Packers' Association 96 25
3! Hutchtnson .-> P Co 28 (jO
$) 000 S Fife N P Railway Bonds 102 25
I.K.S— Af TKbXHiiS HKSSrOX.
Board—
60 Giant Powder Con 24 00
25 Hutchinson S P Co '■*'• 00
50 Hawaiian Commercial .. 20 B~Vi
116 do do, b2, 2100
100 do do 21 00
•25 do do. b3, 2100
75 Marfcet-st Railway 45 75
26 do do ...'. : 43 hVy 3
14 Pacific Gas Imp 86 00 .
BSFGaallghtr... 86 12V4
60 Gaslight 92 62y
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RU-ss HOUSE.
T A Peacock, San Itafael F M Kirkpatrlck,S Rafael
R X Pilrher * d, Ky E Spencer, Cal
F H (ireen. Schumann \V J Willinms.S L Obispo
F <• Slmter. Sacto M Caom van, San Hatael
C W Mnch, Alameda C P Blodget, San Die«o
F Goodman, Colo Mrs A Bldwell, Seattle
A Mafckeinosi. Stanford M T Shaw, Raymond
H C Dillere, LO3 Angeles C E Kins, Santa Hardara
V Morai.-, Santa Barbara U \V McCov, BaetO
(i RR. divine, Covello S T Barton. Saoto Valley
T v Peacock, ss a n Rafael J R Johnson. Ukiah
I. B Mahan. Kureka A D Chr<sthiusen. sacto
C Webb, I.aramie X 11 (ireen. Scliuman
W D Williams.s L Obispo J V Polls, San Rafael
I A W Francisco, Los An W L Wool ward. La
X S Field, Los Aiigeles E Chlopeck, Portland
\V M ul r, Sacramento J A HBrdln, Santa Hosa
J R Barnett, Uklah E S Gray & w. Healdsbi?
C R Scott, Portland L Allen & w. San Berdo
A J (iray 4 m, Klk Grove J B Stapp, Stockton
P F Majors, Conwall R R Clt-pp, Mrrced
Miss Corvlev, lipokane D T Johnson, Cal
J J Miller & w, Napa J II Baker, Nara
W West, Napn Dr J W Hosteller, Napa
M Daley, Portland D A Mably. Stockton
J H Buck, St Louis J Llpman, Cal
J W Blny, Los Angeles Mrs 0 Diamond, Chicago
H B Wills, San Jose W F Burbunk, Los An
i W R Martin, CarpenteriaG F Martin, Carpenteria
0 R Avery.Carpenteria J Morag, Santa Barbara
PALACE HOTEL.
(J B Cramer. Phila iirs.T Funnell .Tr, Tehama
(' A Harris A w. Vt A B Cross <fe w, Vt
C Hebard A w. Pa Miss Caße, Pa
P V Castle. Chicago J lialle^os. San Jose
111) Bervoise, Portld F M Colin. Portland
w R Sebrfe, Idaho J Wilson. Los Angeles
1 H Kinkead. Va A Manheimer. N V
A oppnili-imer, NY A E Maginuis, L Angeles
1" X Quin, N J H C Rowers & w, Portld
i J A Naofrte, Mexico A D < hart ton ft w. Portld
Mrs A A llarbeck, Texas M M Harris, J.os Anijeles
: W Raymond A w, Boston C 1 Madison. N V
W >-cliluus, England A Battle, Paris
■ F A ±iassler<t w. NY IDu smith Al W. Kng
W B l.otiinson, Mi.ssoula R T Crane Jr Chicago
| S S Salisbury. L Angeles J W Wuoley. Chicago
X P ( liwr, Denvr C C Davis. Co O
s Pie ra A w, Ventura Mrs J B Schluml, Buffalo
Ali^s sclilund, Buffalo J S Jones &w, . San Jose j
B B Kwlnc, st Louis Mrs N P Chlpman, R BlfT
i Miss Cbipnian, Red Bluff s McMurtric, (iuadaloupe
Miss X B Eliot, Bosto i J B Klio;. Busion
j T T L»«ie <t w, Angels C H Hammond, London
QKANO HOIEI.
;H A Hill, Sacramento R W Wiggins, San Jose
J H Taylor, Nananno C Bncklanil, Cal
11 McDowell, Pleiisanton W Barron. Piltstjurg
A McArthur, Wash »i F Morrison, Arbuckle
l»r KrauUs, Yakmia T C Miller, p. rtlana
J Wheeler, Portland H Me Kechuer, Pasadena
;A C Kent, San Rafael R E uibsoji, san Rafael
s S Hull, Sacramento J Reuss & w. Vallejo
Mrs E O'Neill, So<juel Miis W u'Neiii, soquel
B M Mappls. s.ui-kion R F Pinnell, Chico
F t ox, Aiiz li f'ruii, Monterey
C O Alkire, Riverside J <iraffe. Pnmoua
1 J Andr-ws, las Angeles Mrs A Ko lilen, < takville
Mrs U Rodden, Oakville E Cooper, Berkeley
I A Antrim, Los Angelts H A Preston, Jamestown
| D Stewart, lone A Diuke. spiel, Suisun
' C Clark <fe w, Redlands H H Sterling, Cal
A X >mith. Fresno i- Matuson, Santa Cruz
c; X Hall, con'-ord X w Morao, Oakland
B Buckingham, fkiah P V Castle, Chicago
;H A Bell, sacrami-uto H J Seymour, Sacramento
C W Childs, San Jose
lick, housp;.
D W Jenks, Altnras J A Bartlett, Cal
A Hose, Cal J McNelson I>urham
J N Blair. Sac C M I>.i!y. i'ortland
I' M Mooer, Astoria Mrs J.I Jennings, Wash
M vi H Jennings. Wash B D B<-ard <t w, Napa
F V ChandlerAw,E!mira O B, Uliawold, < al
KJ Parsons, Cal EC Chatham. Stockton
<. U'ormser. Dt-uiiui; S Mernil dkw, I-os Ang
. C C Beldlng. orovllle W H Rogers. Ksnusman
i 1 ■'.-.!, Victoria J 1> Whitney, Jamestown
iS'K Rea. College Park 8 T Black, Sacramento
It Burdeil, Mmrin Co W sexton, San Jose
'■ J s Louttit A w.stockton a L Vaughan, Chicago |
Miss X Burr, Monterey 0 L Bishop, Stockton
M 8 Cooncy. Davisville J F Mcl'ormick.lMvis vll
J I> Burne.t, Sac M J Tierney, Sac
: J X Hamilton, i.os Ang
BALDWIN HOTEL.
! J H Roberts. Sacto C Rkher. St Helena
H O Haas, Stockton Dr G Dtinker, N V
T F Smith Jr. San Jose B T Goolle, San Rafael
i C James «fc wf. Seattle Mrs s J 1 hnshaw. Prtlnd
i J W Baxter. NY H J Lewelllng.st Helena j
! A D Anthony, Portland A R (jillnini;. Los Ang
Miss cul>ert. Portland J B Kamps, Santa Cmr.
I A J Frank, Boston W c Uonglass, Si Louis
T B W ilnioth, N V Mrs Hood, San Jose
II 1 Marun, N V Mri I' B Scott. Boston
<• Burns. Vailejo 11 M^rritt. Seattle
C Morse, Portland H Bonner, St Paul
H Maxwell, Fla Missß' uner. st Paul
NKW'WESTEKN BOTSU
I T Qnegler, Seattle Mrs I> M H.irdy, St Paul
»; X Marston, I r.-at Falls F B Kcker. Sonoma
L D Henry >t w, Selma J (Jrittin. Pasadena
S Johnson, san Ar-io L B Hall, Walla Walla
A 8 ( 'uuninL'hitm.culcag B Taylor, Seattle
IW B Connolly, Fresno M M Lucy, st Louis
i L B Sloan, Chico M r^ Love, Vailejo
| L L Brooks, Visalla T Johnson, Vlaalia
j A B Burton, Visa ia
i
SAN FRANCISCO "CALL."
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco Caix
-710 Market street, open until 12 c clock everj
night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S3O Montgomery atreal
rornerClay; open until 9:30 o'ck>ck.
339 Hayes street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
713 Larkin street, open until 9:30 o'clock.
BW. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*, opei
ontll 9 o'clock.
2518 Mission street, open until 9 o'clock,
116 Ninth street, open nntil 9:30 o'clock.
NOTICE OF BIEETINGs.
I i
! Bff^S=» EXCELSIOR DEGREE < *SB»Sj9j ! >.
i IE-fi^ i,od?e No. 2, 1. 0. O. F. — Rwfii-SgP^fSci
I j lar meeting THIS EVENING. Third -^s?*^?
, degree will be conferred. "> ' N -
i A. K. KINOSFORD, I). M.
1 »2_P REGULAR MEETING OF. An C"
; i U^£/ th« Caledonian club THIS ;fc t%jjl
, EVENING at 8 o'clock, Scottish Hall, "«*vX£»
1 \ 111 Larkinst. D. R. McNEILL, Chief, ''e_^^
| James H. Dtncan, Sec.
! »r^s»~ AULD L\NG SYNE"— . cr^
B~~& Thirty-thira irrand annual exctrr- SS. Xrv'J
I* Rion, picnic and games of St. Andrew's "^.TtSjc
Society at El Carripo •iATURDA V , May '*c=^*
16. 189& Round-trip tickets: Adults, 50c: chil-
dren. 25c. Boats leave Tlburon ferry at 9 a. _
I and 1:30 p.m. ANDREW WILKIE, President
' William C. cook, Secretary. v.
1 _"_P coSFpaninon of THE I '" li >
. sPjS' est— Delegates and friends en route c^f
| ' to the eleventh annual session of the Su- Jl \
1 I rreme Grand Circle of the Pacific Coast X S
i i jurisdiction to be held in Ukiah. May 18, will
i leave SUNDAY MORNING, May 17, at 7:30
j '■ o'clock from Tlburon ferry. Certificate for reduced
fare may be secured at 102 O'Farrell street.
ELIZABETH R. ROY, 8. Secretary.
, fop OFFICERS AND MEMBERS 7
: B~JS' of the Austrian Benevolent Socl- fcra^k*^
: ety— You are hereby noiili<-d ,o assem- £<' ! ?5 J f2
' ble at 503 Last St.. cor. of WHshlngton, on «ft-SpF
SUNDAY, May 17, at 9 A. m. sharp to "Til* 8 *
participate In our twenty-sixth annual picnic and
reunion of the Austrian Benevolent societies of
San Francisco and San Jose, tv be held at Ger-
mania Gardens, Harbor View. Fines for non-at-
• tendance will be strictly Inforced. By order of
M. SOANATICU, President.
A. CONNICH, Secretary.
efTS 5 " SUNSET PARK.SANTA jO>T "
Vr<& CRUZ Mountains— Come yjffif?>
with the Sons of St. Geor.e of
San Francisco and Alameda to U-ttLjL?** I_^
1 their ninth annual picnic, to be >y^AJiA
I held at the abovedoliKinful resort W\ ■r'Ni-i^k
: on the 30th of Ma.. All kinds of ■ .Nfib*^**^;
• I games. Fine music. Dancing. ™ __§3<_3bb
A iar^e number of prizes. Trains '■SjfagffiSlWjy
leave the ferry at 7:45 and 8:45. Tickets SI:
children 50c.
, tr-g»~THK WORLD'S CHRISTIAN CO-OP-
-3 Cir-J^ erative Society (a corporation) will hold call
1 meeting in Golden Rule Hall on 16th of May at 8
o'clock P. m. for members' signatures to new by-
laws.
IKS' NOTICE OF STOCKHOLDERS' MEET-
<"»"■*' ing— Pacific Coast Jockey Club. Notice Is
hereby given that a meeting of the stockholders
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, a corporation.
, I will be held on TUESDAY, the 2d day of June,
1 1896, at the hour of 11 a.m.. at the office of the
company, Parlor A, I'alace Hotel, in the City and
: County of San FranciMCo, State of California, for
' 8 the purpose of electing a board of directors for the
, ensuing year and transacting such other business
as may legally come before the meeting.
A. B. SPRKCKELB, President.
W. 8. Lkakk. Secretory.
San Francisco. Cal., May 15, 1896.
gKS' PICNIC COMMITTEES OF ALL SOCIE-
I •"■*'. ties are requested to call on J.C.HOWE
Commercial Primer. 836 Clay st, for lowest rates
on quarter cards, posters and all kinds of picnic
printing.
s£^g= ANNUAL MEETING— THE REGULAR
<*~*' an nual ineetin? of the stockholders of the
Christy Mining Company will be held at the office
of the company, 310 Pine sL, room 28, san Fran-
cisco, Cal., on MONDAY, the 18th day of May
1896, at the hour of 1 o'clock p.m.. for the pur-
pose of electing a board of directors to serve 'or
the ensuing year, and the transaction of s"ch
other business as may come before the meeting
Transfer books will close on Friday, May 15, 1896
at 3 o'c ock P.M. GKO. K. SPINNEY, Sec
' Office— 3lo Pine st., room 28, San Francisco, CaL
» DIVIDEND NOTICES.
Jr^^^DfvnJHNITNOTICE^bl VI DEND NO."
' a _-&" 31 (twenty-five cents per share) of the
■111"! I HINSON SUGAR PLANTATION CO. wi!-
be payable at the office of the company, 327 Mar.
ket at, on and after Wednesday, . May 20, 1896,
Transfer books will close Thursday May 14, 1896
i at 3 o'clock P. M. _H. SHELDON, Sec
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
CHURCH NOTICES.
'HOWAIID^rrMETHODI ST CHURCH.
B>J©^ between Second and Third streets, two
blocks from Palace Hotel— Rev. W. W. Case, D.D.,
pastor. Morning subject, "Baptism— the Bible
Against Immersion." In the evening the seventh
anniversary of 'he Epworth League. Addresses,
music recitations, etc. The choir will be assisted
by V.T. Fleming, the well-known barytone, and the
Misses Pearl and Maud Noble with cornel and
trombone. Mr. Clair Ames, elocutionist, from
Minneapolis, Minn., will recite "The Bridge of
Sighs" and "The Gambler's Wife." Everybody
welcome.
f^S 3 SIMPSON MEMORIAL METHODIST
3r~£? Episcopal Church," corner Hayes and Bu- "
chanan streets— Rev. John Stephens, pastor; resi-
dence 309 Haight street Preaching at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 P.M. At 11 a. m. Rev. T. Filben, D.D.,
will preach. At 7:30 p. m. Epworth League an-
niversary; special music, addresses, etc. Sunday-
school at 12:30 P. m., C. B. Perkins superin-
tendent; Kpworth League at 6:30 P. M. The pub-
lic cordially invited to all the services of this
church, beats free. Ushers in attendance,
Prayer-meeting Wednesday evening at 7:46
o'clock.
ap-T|p FIRST PRESBYTERIAN CHURCH,
Ei-*-"* 7 cor. Van Ness aye. and Sacramento st. Rev.
Robert Mackenzie, D.D., pastor; Rev. Edwin H.
.lenks. co-pustor. Dr. Mackenzie will preach
morning and evening,, at 11 a. m. and 7:46 P. x.
Sunday-school at 12:45 p. m. Young People's
society of Christian Endeavor at 6:30 P. M. Prayer-
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45. All are wel-
come to these services.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
Br^ 1^ spondence and copying; abstracts copied;
prices moderate. 873 Market st., room 2.
tt^SS"* RENTS COLLECTED. ENTIRE
+3? charge of property taken. BROOKS, 214
Pine st
»^S» BAD TENANTS EJECTED FOR $4;
m~& collections made, city or country. Pacific
Collection Co.. 416 Montev at. 'room 6. Tel. 6580.
SITUATIONS IVANTED-FE3IALE.
in" ERMAN EMPLOYMENT OFFICE; BEST
VX help secured. MRS. LAMBERT, 306 Mason.
/COMPETENT WOMAN; BEST OF REFER-
VJ ence: wants situation to do general housework
in American family; good cook; city or country;
wages $20. Address N. D., box 99. Call Office.
|*1 OOD GERMAN SEAMSTRESS WISHES EN-
VJT gagement by the day: 75c a day. Address L.
A., box 83, this office.
' OMAN WISHES POSITION AS COOK OR
housekeeper; country preferred. Address A.
H., 1004 Larkin st.
•you NG WOMAN WANTS WORK BY THE
1 day. or to clean office. Address J. WILLIAMS,
14 V* Natoma si.
ADY WANTS SITUATION AS HOUSE-"
keeper; gentlemen's washing. Apply 821 Mis-
sion st., room 3, first floor. |
/~iompetent~co6k wishes situation
V' in private family: also competent Infant's
nurse; no objection to the country. Call at 227
Hayes st
OKFINED AMERICAN WIDOW, GOODCOOK,
Jl wishes a position as bouse Keeper, or would
take charge of v lodging-house. J. L., box 124,
Call office.
ITUATION AS COOK IN SMALL FAMILY
O by American lady: wages reasonable. C. E.,
box 63. Call Office. -
1 SPKCTABLE GIRL WOULD LIKE SITO"-
-atio n; la good cook; American family. Ad-
dress C. 8., box 78. Call Office.
1 Experienced young SWEDISH woman
-J wishes any kind of day work. Call at 217V<»
Geary St., in rear.
I~Tlderly- woman WISHES situation
J as housekeeper. Call or address 1906b Mission.
rpiIOROUGHLV CAPABLE LADY DESIRES
1 position as working housekeeper to a gentleman
with a family, or would care lor a| sick or in-
valid lady; best of reference. Apply 629 Bryant
St.. between Fourth and Fifth.
VOUXO FRENCH GIRL WISHES POSITION
1 to do upstairs work and waiting at table; city
references. Address E. C, 1014 Pacific st.
O RESPECTABLE GERMAN GIRLS WISH
—• situations in private families to do housework
and upstairs. Call at 129 Third st,, S. F.
\V ANTED— BY' THE END OF MAY. SITUA-
»* tlon as governess during the summer vaca-
tion: experienced teacher: references given. Ad-
dress A. D., Palo Alto, and oblige yours truly,
EDITH ACWORTH.
KESSMAKER WISHES ENGAGEMENT BY
the day, or will take work home; uses Mc-
Dowell svs«tem; terms reasonable. Apply 653
Folsom st
XPKRIKNCKD DAY AND NIGHT NURSE
XJ wants position: good references. Address R.
L., box 13, this office.
QALESLADY EXPERIENCED IN GLOVES:
O can repair: lias her own glove-machines; wishes
position 1-: glove department Address K. 8., box
84, Call Office.
pOLORKD WOMAN WISHES DAY'S WORK
VJ washing. Ironing or taking in washing. Call or
address 28 Hunt st., off Third.
\j\ COMPETENT WOMAN TO DO GENERAL
I > housework: city or country. Call or address
903*6 Powell st
VOUNO LADY WISHES UPSTAIRS WORK
J- or the care of children; no objection to the
country: spesks French: good sewer. 35 Hardy
st, off Sixteenth, -near Church. I
DEFINED YOUNG LADY WISHES POSI-
JV tion for upstairs work in private family. Ad-
dress or call 1620 Stockton st
• POSITION AS HOUSEKEEPER BY REFINED
X widow, lately from the East, for old couple.
I'll or address 225 Geary st
AN AMERICAN LADY WISHES POSITION
as nurse for Invalid; 1.0 objection to traveling.
(all or address MISS BKNTON. 208 Eddy st.
BUSINESS WOMAN CAN COMMAND A
trade, would like a posi.lon as housekeeper in
lodging-house; used to managing large ones, or
would do chamber work. Address A. B. C. box
151 this vtlice.
• WIDOW Of 34, WITH 6 YEARS' EXPERI-
, » ' ence, desires position as manager of first-class
hotel or rooming-house: Is a' so first-class pastry
cook: can give best of references. Address B. \i'.,
box 1, Call Office.
BOOKKEEPER — EXPERIENCED YOUNG
I » lady bookkeeper desires position; good ref.-r-
-■ ences. Address BOOKKEEPER, box 2, Call Of-
! rice, Oakland.
IADY OF 10 YEARS' EXPERIENCE IN
' lodging- house business would like portion to
marine r a lion Address M. 0.. 611 Kills st. •
GIRL 15 YEARS WANTS a SITUATION IN
family of two to do housework: references
exchanged. C.,11 or address 520 Third st.
\' O UNO LADY lI kCENTLY FROM HOPE,
I wishes situation to teach children: thorough
I French, German. English and music; or lady's
companion: u«e<l to traveling; best or references.
Address oox 507, Santa Cruz.
\\T INCHES . ER HOUSE. 44 THIRD ST.. NR.
'» Market: 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to s6 per week; convenient and respectable;
free bus ami hnggnc«"to end from tlie t»-rr.'.
SITUATIONS WAXTKI)- MALE.
pIIINiiSE~AN *ITj A P ANEsV:" EM pXoYMENT
VJ office; best help. 41 4 i/j, O'Farrell; teL K. 428.
/CHINESE AND JAPANESE RELIABLE
V^help; tel. Main 1997. BRA DLEYACO., 640 Clay.
1~ C. 1.. COOK'S bOC. HUPPLIKS COOKS; ALL
- • ranches :i>hort notice. 14 Geary. tel.GranllS.
J~ W.JIM. CHINESE-JAPANESE EMPLOY-
• ment office. 637 Commercial. TeL Black 1261.
A PAN USE AND CHINESE EMPLOYMENT
office; best help. HUB Sutler: teL Gram 30.
"LI UNTER A CO.. CHINESE AND JAPANESE
XJ. employment office, 17 Webb st., below Kear-
: ny, bet. California and Sacramento, tel. 231.
"yoUNG MAN WISHES SITUATION AS
-I nurse or to do cooking and housework for 4
men or good family. Address A. 11.. box 62, Call.
"OK LI ABLE YOUNG man wishes TO
XX learn blacksmith trade. Address S. A., box
64, this office.
OBER young man WISHES PERMA-
O nent employment: city or country; good ref-
erences. Address S. 8., box 106. Call Office.
QITUATION AS COOK BY GOOD AMERICAN
0 cook; sober and reliable; state wages. Address
G. W., box 96, Call Office. ■
VOUNn SWEDISH MAN, SOBER AND IN-
-1 dustrlous, wishes situation In a private family
where he can make himself generally useful; un-
derstands care of horses: also garden work; city or
country Address W. NELSON, 39 Eddy st.
IpiRST-CLASS MEAT AND PASTRY COOK,
-T with wife, wants situation In ho el, camp or
sawmill; HO years' reference. . Address Cook, box
8, Call Office, Oakland.
pOACHMAN; FIRST-CLASS: SINGLE: THOR-
VJ ought}- understands the care of fine horses,
carriages, and is a good, careful driver; is strictly
temperate, industrious and obliging; has long ex-
perience in the care of gentleman's place: has beat
01 New York and Chicago references. Address K.
STACK, 321 Ellis st
■yOUNG MARRIED MAN. WRITING AND
1 speaking German, French, Spanish and English
fluently, aeslres a position: best city references.
Address E. X., box 31, this office.
' OI'NU MAN WANTS SITUATION WHERE
1 there may be chance for advancement. Ad-
dress Advancement, 270 Fourth st., Oakland.
C"~OACIIMAN, ENGLISH, AGED 28, SINGLE,
VJ would like situation in private family; town or
country: first-class references. Address English,
box 99, Call. ;_.
HOTEL OR ranch manager— man and
wife desire | charge of hotel, ranch, public In-
stitution or other property in southern California;
large experience in handling help. Manager,
P. ' ■. box 2217. San Frauclsco.
ANTED— SITUATION BY AN ELDERLY
"» experienced German gardener: handy with
tools: sober; or take care of a gentleman's place,
or any position of trust. Address C. M., box 71,
this office. j
you n m a WANTS WORK IN private
1 family: make himself generally useful about
place; understands care of horses: careful driver;
best reference. ROBT. ANN KIT, 869 Market st.
T>ESP».CTABLE POSITION WANTED BY A
XV young man In town or country. Address D. F.,
box I*7, Call Office.
L'IRVI -CLASS PAINTER AND DECORATOR;
-T German: strictly sober: 3 years' notel refer-
ences; wants long or steady job in hotel, Institution
or with private party; will work cheap; city or
country. Address O£BMAK, box 136, Call Office.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
yOUNG M AN"WISH~KB A SITUATION WITH
X private family; knows how to milk cows and
take care of horsed. Address 529 Sacramento Bt.
GOOD STEADY WISHES TO LEARN
*J a trade; machinist preferred. Address J. M.,
2115 Pacific aye.. Alameda.
GARDENER WISHES PLACE WITH PRl-
vate family; city or country: middle-aged: 1
single: steady and thoroughly reliable. Address
J. P., box 16, Call Office. ■
LMRST-CLASS MACHINE-HAND (BHAPER,
-i trimmer, etc.) and cabinet-maker wants situa-
tion; city or country. Address C. 11., box 64, Call.
C ITUATION WANTED BY man and WIFE
O as head and second cook, or cook and waitress; ;
best of reference as to sobriety and ability: coun-
try hotel preferred. Address M. A., box 127, Call, j
OTEADY, TEMPERATE YOUNG MAN (GER- !
0 man) wishes a situation around private place;
take care of horses, etc. ; not afraid of work. Ad- j
dress Twenty-first st. and Treat aye, (grocery).
ENGINEER DESIRES SITUATION; CITY OR
country: first-class reference: wages reason-
able. Address H.. box 81, this office. .
WINCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, NEAR
'» Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night: $1 50 to $6 per
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
XV INCHKSTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD, Ke7r
»" Market— Electric lights in every room; 200
rooms: 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per \
week: free bos and baggage to and from the ferry.
CHEAPEST AND BEST IN AMERICA— THE !
VJ WEEKLY CALL, sent to any address in the 1
United States or Canada one year for $1 60, post-
age free-
FEMALE help WANTED.
ookT^anch, 'short distance, $20;
\J German or French second girl, $20; second
girl, $25: nurse. $20; 12 housework girls, city and
country, $20 and $25- 6 young girls, assist, $10 to |
$15. MISS CI'LLEN, 323 sutter 81.
EFINED COOK. RANCH, 3 IN FAMILY.
MISS CULLEN, 323 gutter.
p BSMAN WOMAN, HOUSEWORK, $18..
VJ" MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter.
XK FINED SECOND GIKL. $16; second girl,
15, country. MISS CULLEN. 323 Sutter.
WOMAN, WITH A CHILD, $16. MISS CUL-
»' UN, 323 Sutter st.
REFINED GIRL: LIGHT HOUSEWORK: $15.
MISS CULLEN, 323 Sntter st.
|7_ K N ( ■ II EAMSTRESS: $20. MISS CUL^
X LEN. 323 Sutter st. ;
HOUBEWORK GIRL; COUNTRY: $30. MISS
XX CULLEN, 323 Sutter st
A\ ANTED— 3 COOKS IN RKSTAUKANT.
'» boarding- and hotel, $25, $30 and $35;
nurse, institution, $20: 2 l'ro.esiant German or
French second girls, $20: nurse and seamstress.
(20; girl for cooking and housework in santa Bar-
bara, $i.'s; Stanislaus County. $30; cook, no wash,
$30: 4 waitresses and chambermaids, $16 and
$20, and a large number of girls of all nationalities
for cooking and housework. J. F. CROSETT & CO..
312 Sutter st.
XTKATYOC.VU GIRLS FOR COUNTER AND
-1-* cashier work; waitress for south, fare ad-
vanced, $20; Swiss ehamtv'rnini.l for city, «17 50; |
waitress for city restaurant, $15; German girl for
general housework, country, $15; girl for general
, housework, Alameda, Sl5. C. R. HANSEN A
I CO., 110 Geary st.
WOMAN TO HELP in kitchen, COUNTRY
»' hot 815, free fare. MURRAY & READY,
634 Clay st.
/■IETIMAN OR SCANDINAVIAN SECOND
VJ girl $20; cook for section men. $18: house-
work girls and cooks, $15 and $20. MURRAY A
READY, 634 Clay st,
Vir ANTED-GIRL ABOUT 16 YEARS OLD IN
" small family; near San Jose: permanent
home: will be treated as one of the family: work
light; wanted more as companion, See lady at
Baldwin lodging-house parlors, 16 Ellis St., Sun-
day, May 17, at 1 p. m.
Vy ANTED-., TO ASSIST WITH SKC-
' ' ond work and assist care an Infant: wages $12
to $16; must be experienced. 2021 Central aye.,
between Chestnut and Willow. Alain da.
V'OTNG OR MIDDLE-AGED WOMAN FOR
-I room an 1 board; care for two children; refer-
ences. Address 8., box 9, Call Office.
AMERICAN WOMAN OR STRONG GIRL
-."V assist housework; care of children; home and I
permanent place if satisfactory. 310 Clipper st.
T ADY TYPEWRITER WISH TO LEA RN
XJ shorthand under «>xt>erienced stenographer.
Address Steuo., box 63. Call Oflice.
I~> EFINED GERMAN GIRL FOR UPSTAIRS;
Ji grown children; sewing, wailing. Apply 2508
Pine st.
IDDLE-AGKD WOMAN CAN SECURE j
good home; exchange light work. 1324
Valencia st
fi IRL GENERAL HOUSEWORK, BMALL
* ' family; must be good coo 2209 Broaerick
st, near Jackson.
p ERMAN GIRL FOB GENERAL HOUSE-
work. 447 Fifth st
Air ANTED— EXPERIENCED SALESLADY;
»» reference required. RAPHAEL'S.'
ADY WANTS GIRL TO SHARE __R
room; board optional. 513 Stevenson st. .
GERMAN GIRL IN SMALL FAMILY; MUST
VT do plain cooking. 462 Natoma St.
\'KAT y 6i:ng WOMAN ;~" MUST under.
-!> stand plain cooking; $16. 1215 Kddy st.
\*OUNG<;U-.LTo ASSIST IN HOUSKWORK.
J- 14 KugenU aye.. off Mission at., opp. Thirtieth.
GIRL 12 TO 14 ASSIST I Til BABY. CALL
Saturday 10 to 12 a. m . SI Fulton st.
IRLS TO DO ETCHING. COME EARLY.
422 1 urk st.
OTRAWBERKIE.s AND CREAM sc; ICE-
O cream and cake sc. Seattle Restaurant, 137
Fourth st
C" COMPETENT GIRL FOR GENERAL HOUSE-
\J work: must be good cook; wages $20. Apply
with city references at 1512 California at.
HOME OFFERED TO AN HONEST GIRL
as a compensation for simple housekeeping for
2. For particulars write T. M. DREY'ER, Alvlso.
VOtl.Mi NURSEGIKL; WAGES $7. CALL
X 1631 Sherman st. Alameda. Bay-st station.
GERMAN GIRL; GENERAL HOUSEWORK
and plain cooking. 2276 Fifteenth st, nr. Noe.
I ADY WITH SOME CAPITAL OR SECUR-
-*- i ity to manage oflice business. 131 Post, r. 30.
IMl!>i CLASS SKIRTMAKKKS. BOWHAY,
J 1 604 sutler st *
CONVENIENT AND RESPECTABLE;
»»L Winchester Hou*e, 44 Third st, near Market:
200 rooms: 25. to $1 50 per night; $1 60 to #6
I»rwerk; in-.- 'bus and hag,{age to and from ferry.
HAIBDBKSsINO. No AND »sc: MORNING
and eve classes; 101fssons,$l 60. 1248 Mission.
* PPRKNTICES TO LEAKN DKKSS CUT-
■TV tlpgand making. 14 McAllister, rms 67 and 68.
DRESSMAKING, CUTTING AND FITTING
i*ut;lit: new styles: perfect fitting patterns
■.■■'■. v.v. .MrDOWELL Academy. '.'1 i Powell «t
MALE HELP WANTED.
Al>. RICHMOND AND WIFeT'" PLEASE
/V. call or send address: butter-maker and run
separator. $25; second baker, country shop, $25:
ranch blacksmith. $30. R. T. WARD _ CO., 608
and 610 Clay st.
\\ ANTED— MINER. $2 76 A DAY: CHORE-
'" man. $20 and found: man to assist gardener,
$15; I? woodeboppers, $1 25 per iord; boy for
fruit ranch, $8: second cook, small hotel, and
others. -Api'lv to J. F. CROSETT A CO.. 628 Sac-
ramento st.
p ARDENKR, PRIVATE FAMILY, SEE BOSS
VJ here; stableman, $25; milker, $20: 3 farmers;
farmer and wife; 3 cooks, $30 to $60; lunch-
counter cook, $35; cook and wife; dishwashers:
20 tie-makers, 8 to 10 cents each, and many other
plac 8 at MURRAY & READY'S, Leading Em-
liloyiiieni Agents. 63 1 and 636 Clay st-
ri'KNCH OR SWISS SECOND COOK, FIRBT-
-1 X! class hotel, $80. C. It. UAN SEN A CO., 110
Geary st.
EAD WAITER FOR SPRINGS. C. R. HAN-
SEN A Co.. 110 Geary st
C PAN COOK FOR HOTEL, $50: FRENCH
O second cook, $60. HOTEL GAZETTE, 420
Kearny st.
HARNESS-MAKER; FAIR WAGES; MUST
have $100; good security, with Interest Ap-
ply J. P. Jim N.s'iuN «feCO, 872 Broadway, Oak-
lan I.
A 1 AN, ABLE TO SPEAK GERMAN, IN A
1 1»1 wholesale and retail llauor-house, as bar-
I keeper; must understand mixing drin s: only one
I with best references from last employer of re-
spi-ctable bus!nes6-house need apply. T. 8.. box
8, Call Office
DELI 1'.1.K sT X A D V MAN. CHiCKEN
I 1 ' ranch, understands care of chickens: good
home; wages small. Call 809 Market St., room 7.
ALL Cl OAK-OI'KKATORS (MALE) ARE KE-
quested to meet this evening at 9 P.M.. 916b
Howard St., In order to form a protective union.
Goon HA RKER FOR SATURDAY; $3. CALL
after 8 o'clock, 2 Eighth st.
9 barkers wanted steadily. 8 mis-
-4 sion St.
AHBKK wanted for Saturday; $3.
1211 Market st.
UAKBKK WANTED FOR SATURDAY AND
!-> Sunday. 1423 t.npontst.
BARBER FOR SATURDAY' AFTERNOON
and Sunday. 872 Howard st.
IJARMER FOR SATURDAY AFTERNOON
U and Sunday. 1444 Valencia sU
|>ARBER FOR SATURDAY; $3. 626 Vi
-13 Fourth st. •
T?IRS1 -CLASS BARBER WANTED; STEADY
■I 1 job. 7 Fourth st.
VI- ANTED - FIRST-CLASS BARBER TO
m take charge of small shop. 23 Polk st : .
ANTED— A GOOD BOOTBLACK. APPLY
" 1048 McAllister st.
"OUSIIELMAN WANTED. 21 THIRD ST.
r«OOD WAITER WASTED-CALL EARLY.
' J 106 Second st
A% r ANTED— GOOD WAITER IOR COFFEE
»' saloon; call early. 26 Sixth s:. ,
TA iT.OR wanted. 200 golden gate
-L avenue.
DISH WASHER: MAN OR BOY; WANTED
at 3239 V, Mission st.
\\T ANTED-ESTIMATES ON WELL-BOB-
• ' Ing. BURWICK & 6PINK, 604 batter st
HELP WA-NTKP-Contlnned. "■■'__
& 7 K, PARTNER In " BUTCHER - SHOP;
<U7 I *J. good- paying business. Apply 130 Fourth.
STR A W BER KIES AND CREAM, 6 CENTS;
O icecream and cake. Seattle Restaurant, 137
Fourth st
p ENERAL TAILOR AND COAT-MA
VJ for the country. Apply to employer. Sunday,
i May 17, at 10 o'clock a. m., at J. BAUMGARTEN
I A CO.'S. 7 Montgomery st. _____
BUTCHER, YOUNG man to drive WAGON.
1208 Scott St., near Eddy.
SOLICITOR FOR DYEING AND CLEANING
0 works: with experience. 1841 Fillmore st.
RELIABLE MAN TO TAKE ORDERS: PER-
manent position to right man; references re-
-1 quired or deposit PIDQE. 9 Geary St.
fflj9^n ELEGANT TWO-CHAIR BARBER
<tg)—nJ\J. shop; acri.s^ bay; Improved revolving
, chairs; all other furniture oak: cheap rent; 3
I baths; 5 living rooms: can show to purchaser well-
paying, elegant shop: fullest Investigation. T.
j.UiiELsKI, 7 City Hall avenue,
MEW WALDO HOUSE. 765 MISSION, BET.
i.' 3d and 4th— Single furnished rooms, night 15c
to 60c;week.$l to $* 60; read ing-room strictest at-
tention to morning cails:clean;quiet : open ail night
BOYS FROM 15 TO 17 -YEARS, OF AGE
wanted. Apply at 200 Sutter st.
JAPANESE INTELLIGENCE OFFICE. 413
Stevenson St., bet Fifth and Sixth.
1 4 STIIMA CURE GUARANTEED: DR. GOR-
| •-»- din's Chocolate Emulsion. 221 Davis, nr. CUy.
| \V ANTED— PARTNER IN GOOD-PAYING
W 16c barbershop. 131 O'Farre:! St. •«_
"DARBER-SHOP WORTH $300 FOR *150;
X) going out of business. STOLZ. 680 Market st
4 FRESH EGGS, COFFEE, ETC, 10c: 3 EGOS,
*i chops, steak or ham, 10c. 635 Clay st. * ;■ -■
EOPLE WISHING TO MAKE MONEY EAS-
lly apply to 1616 Stockton st. ■': "-*•
STEAMER PORTLAND, 900 TONNAGE, FOR
Cooks Inlet. Alaska gold fields, sails about
the 16th of May; fine accommodations: fare $55;
freight $16; 600 pounds baggage free. Apply
FRED HOLMES, 506 Battery st
YV' INCHESTER HOUSE, 44 THIRD ST., NEAR
*' Market; 200 rooms. 26 cents a night; reading-
room: free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
8. REMOVED 609 TO 643 CLAY ST.; HOT-
. tie wine or beer hot lunch 5 cents.
DOOMS 16c TO 75c PER NIGHT: 60c TO $1 50 |
_ i> per week. Oriental, 226 Drumm st.
\V ANTED— AT ROOM 317, 328 MONTGOM-
'» cry St., clerks and laborers to call If they do
not rrcelve their just dues: no charge unless sue- 1
cessful: suits: Superior and Justice Courts.
UU.NTKD- MEN TO Lr.ARN BARBER i
»' trade; only 8 weeks required: tools given and
catalogue sent S. F. Barber School, 1515 Howard. '
/KLERKS' AND LABORERS' CLAIMS B'GHT: !
\J acts adjusted. RATTO'S, 512 My, tel. m. 353. i
OI'KQUIX 8 CAL'A ASTHMATIC PAPER; i
1> instant relief. For sale by all druggists or Cen-
tral Pharmacy, BW. cor. Grant aye. and Sutter st
ALK SHOES MADE TO ORDER FOR $2 50:
J half-solelng 25c up. 959 Howard st., nr. Sixth, j
ANTED— AN IDEA: WHO CAN THINK OF
»» some simple thing to patent? Protect your j
I Ideas; they may bring you wealth. Write JOHN ;
j WEDDEKBURN A <X)., Ijept. L. Patent Attor-
-1 neys, Washington, D. C, for their $1800 prize offer
and list of 200 inventions wanted.
BEST IN CITY— SING < E ROOMS, 15, 20 AND
25 cents per night. $1. $1 25. $1 50 per week.
Pacific house, Commercial and LeU'.eiuorff sts.
\V' ANTED.TO COLLECT WAGES DUE LABOR
»" ers&clerks. KNOX Collection Agcy, 110 Sutler j
ARBERS— FOR EMPLOYMENT CALL BBC-
X* re'-arv Barbers' A sso.. 325 Grant aye. S. FUCH3.
IJARBERS' PROTECTIVE UNION EMPLOY-
X> tnent secretary. CONRAD TROKLL. 657 Clay.
BARBERS' ASSOCIATION OF CAL. EMPLOY-
menu Secy, P. C. Hamann, 238 V-: O'Farrell.
I INDELL HOUSE. SIXTH AND HOWARD
J ' sts.; single furnished ran 76c week, 16c night. ■
JUST OPEN; CONTINENTAL HOUSE, 521
Pacific St., below Kearny; lodging half price, sc,
10c, 15c, pr night ;clean beds, sunny rooms.no Dunks
W ANTKD-TLaBO'h."kRS~_ND mechanics
" ' to know that Ed Rolktn, Reno House proprie- '
tor, still runs Denver House, 217 Third st; 150
large rooms; 25c per nigh:; $1 to $3 per week.
! \\, r HAT CHEEK HOUSE. 539 SACRAMENTO
I »» st; 200 rooms; best in the city- single rooms
I SO and 26c a night, SI a w»ek: meals 10c
EN'S %-SOLING 50c: LADIKV 40c: DONK
while you wait. 638 Market, opp. Palace Hotel. '
1 / 1 A MEN To TAKE LODGING AT 100, 15c ;
' l"v and 20c a night, including coffee and rolls.
i 624 Washington St., near Kearny.
j \ \ ' ARE SHOhi DOCTORS; WE REPAIR j
' * your old shoes and make them as good as new,
and with onr new machines we can do your work
at one-half the usual price; done while you wait
662 Mission st, between First and Second sts.
M~~ EN TO FEED MANHATTAN STOCK FOOD;
all grocers keep it
EN'S SECOND-HAND SHOES. bOMU
nearly new. 25c 10 $1 25. 562 Mission.
LCHO HOUSE, 863 V* MARKET ST.—
Koomi 20c. 25c. to 60c. night; $1 to %Z week.
L^REF. BEER-TWO SCHOONERS FOR 6c;
r also a bottl eof lager, sc. at 637 Clay st.
'|'KY ACMIi Uul Vo7 AIAKKKT ST., BB- '
1 low sixth, for a room: 2.v > a niichl: $1 a weak.
\\T ANTED— SINGLE ROOMS, 16c A DAY; $1
' * v-^ek; rooms for two. 25a a day, $1 60 a week;
rwidlnr-room: dai'v paper*. 86 Cta* «t.
FUKNITUKK WASTED.
ki o n rn Pi *f \- K^E~wXvrKirTO i
■ O fill country orders: I will pay good prices. T. ;
I LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
AMALONB PAYS 20 PER CENT MORIS
: than elsewhere for furniture to rill country :
I orders. Leave orders at KINO'S, 3 Fourth »t
IK YOU WANT GOOD PRICES FOB FURNI-
-1 tore and merchandise see BURD, 211 Larkln. ,
► KORK SELLING YOUR FURNITURE
send for Simmons Auction Co.. 1057* Market
BASCH. 321 SUTTKR, WANTS FURNI-
• ture, saloons and merchandise: highest price.
MAYER BUYS YOUR FURNITURE,
. carpets, piano. 1135 Market: tel. Jessie 76L
ALL ON J. C MUTHER. 621 KEAKNY, IF
you want highest null price for your furniture,
carpet*, pianos, or merchandise of »nr kind.
HOUSES WASTED.
ANTED - FURNISHED FLAT For" 3*.
» » norlh of Market, east of Franklin. Address
with terms, W. R., box 63, Call Oflice.
\\r ANTED TO RENT BY JUNK 1-COMFORT-
»• able modern 10- room dwelling, north or west
Bid « of street; Western Addition: for small family. :
Address Terms. POatofßce box 2651.
PROPKBTY WANTED.
\ » 7 ANTE D-^O^cTsTIT^cIIEAI^LOTS IN
»» city and Oakland: particulars: principals only.
G. 8.. box 80. Call OUIC-. '
MAMED-MISIKLLA^EOIS.
TTF Xn TIcTwEHT I MATTE'S 6 N w'EIX^BORrNG".
" Address BUKWICK * SPINK, 504 Sutter st.
SAKE WANTED— MUST BE IN GOOD CON-
ditlon. Address, with price, etc., J. N., box 84,
this oftice.
W r ANTED— NATIONAL CASH REGISTER;
'» must be a total-adder and in good condition.
Address W. N., box 66, this office.
V\ r ANTED — SECOND - HAND NATIONAL
'» cash register; give style, price and number.
Address Cash, box 106, this office.
IGHiST PRICE PAD FOR CAST-OFF
doming and jewelry. A., box 2, Call.
UKLL YOUU BOOKS. CLOTHING AND JKW
l~ €lrr to A. KLEIN. 109 SUth st: wend postal.
LOST.
OST — MAY 15, AT "'' MCALLISTER AND
Polk sts., small black pup. Return 408b Mc-
Allister St.: reward. !
OBT— SMALL BLACK TERRIER. RE-
turn to 365 Minna ana receive to s2 50 reward.
OST— A PASSBOOK WITH THE HIBEKNIA
' Savings and Loan society of San Francisco, in
the name of ELLA W. CARTNEY: No. 184.836.
I'll" finder will please return to bank.
attorneys- at-l aw.
d"v^e~f^e>.^^i^ok7je lXvvs~a~specTP
XV ally; private: no charge unless successful; all
i lawsuits, claims, collections, wills, deeds, etc.. at-
tended 10. G. W. HOWE, alt'y-at-law, 850 Market
E. PHILLIPS— U.S. AND STATE COURTS;
• R. E. titles and wills: money to loan on fa- ,
tates; charges moderate. Offices s*oB California st.
J. NOLEN, ATTOKNEY-AT-LaW. 719
• Market st; advice tree.
m J. MURRAY. ATT'Y AND COUNSELOR AT
J. . law: advice free. 24 Sixth st, rooms 14, 15.
W~ W. DAVIDSON. ATTORNE Y-A MAW, 420
. California St.. rooms 14 and 15; advice free. \
STORAGE.
T7U?RnTtURE. PIANOsi TRUNKS;
J vances, shipping. CHAS. L. TA YL0K.204 Post
LARGE AIRY STORAGE. ROOM; FIRE-
JLJ proof building; cheap. 320 Sutter st.
ry H. ROONEY. Ti'i MISSION— AT
1 .reduced rates: basement storage, sl 50 per load
TORAGE-CHEAPEBTINTHECITY; FlRE-
proof building; advances made. 211 Larkin.
OW 1 1 RATES— FURNITURE. PIANOS,
household goods, etc J. M. P'erce, 735 Market
B. SMITH FURNITURE CO., 132 ELLIS; '
. low rates: fire-proof building; Eastern plat, i
PPLY FOR RATES FOR STORING FURNl-
ture. etc. SU I UKK <fc SHIRKK. 747 Market
PROPOSALS.
"PROPOSALS FOR HAKDW ARE, PLUMBERS'
X materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oUs.furntture '
• fuel, stationery, printing, etc.— Sealed proposals
■ will be received by the Superintendent of Com-
mon Schools, Iv open session of the Board of Kdu-
; cation, on Wednesday. May 27, 1b96, tt 8:30
o'clock p. it., for furnishing . the School Depart-
. ment of the City and County of San Francisco
< during the fiscal year 1896-97 with hardware,
plumbers' materials, stoves, lumber, paints, oils.
; furniture, fuel, stationery, eic, and for doing the
printing required during the same time, in accord-
. ance with specifications at the office of the Board
• ot Education, new City Hall. ' -
GEORGE BEANSTON, Secretary.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
djTo^fi PARTNER WAN'IED IN^ LEGIT?
»fl:O«Jv/. mate manufacturing business; manu-
facturing standard goods in general use every
where and in great demand; trade Increasing;
money to be invested to enlarge plant; carries full
stock: it) absolutely necessary to double present
capacity to meet and fill wholesale orders coming
in; will double in six months: fortune for steady
man. GEORGE STEWART, 602 Market si.
dijirn PARTNER WANTED; NICE CASH
*3P 1 tlu, business: can be increased with help of
Rood man: fine horse and buggy; will suit any one
wanting an active paying business: clears $65 to
$75 10 each: chance in a lifetime; don't miss it.
GEO. STEWART, 602 Market st. Crocker build-
ing, downstairs.
(jjTqXn BAKERY AND DELICACIES STORE
•J«J»J\'. furnished living rooms, worth $500;
positive bargain. LYNCH ife SKKKY, 935 Market.
/"TOR ROCER.Y A D BAR: A SNAP TOR
\J the price: Al location: stock worth the 1 ice
asked. LYNCH A SEER Y. 935 Market st.
\\f ANTED— 3 DAY S' NOTICE TO SKLL YOUR
• » business; to buy a business come at once.
LYNCH A SERRY, 935 Market st »
HOKSTOKE. FINE COUNTItY TOWN: ES-
tablished 16 years: large profits; wil se'l for
66 per «em on cost. D CXXX, 1020 Market st
CL* 1 1 f\f\ COFFEE AND OVM'EK H11U8E;
IUU. nr Baldwin. DECKER, 1020 Market
/-IOFFER AND CHOP HOUSE FOR SALE;
Vj fine location; see it DECKER, 1020 Market.
ugQfVA RESTAURANT, NORTH. NR. MAR-
»]S *)VJ\J . ket, doing good business; value in
sight; full investigation to party meaning busi-
ness; don't miss it. STENBERG CO.. 632 Market
fflj»>7?: (OHNEK SALOON, CITY FRONT;
tjpO I O. old-established, popular place; hot and
cold lunch daily; receipts average $15; proof fur-
nished; big bargain. STENBERG CO., 632
Market st.
GROCERY, BAR: YOUR OWN PRICE; MAKE
VJ offer. STENBERG, 632 Market st.
OU/IPin FISI£ AND OYSTER MARKET: 4
*prtU\J. living-rooms connected; rent $17 50;
weekly profits S-0; owner 12 years; retiring from
business. STKNBERO CO., 632 Market st.
QfJOnn dyeing AND cleaning busi-
«JPUU"u"U. ness, building included; low ground
rent: all Implements, tools, machinery and ap-
pliances necessary to.- flrst-ctass business: owners
worked it successfully last seven years; always
made money; thorough investigation and satis-
factory trial given: owners remain until posted. 1
STENBERQ CO.. 632 Market st. |
(Bjqor; BRANCH BAKERY a d de lie '
KU <J-,0. cies store; 2 living-rooms, bath, fur- '
mse I ;suitable for tamlly. STENISERO, 632 Market
C!|()h(| DRY GOODS, NOTIONS AND VA~
»iPlw,ju. riety store: No. 1 location; with 4 •
furnished rooms; clears over $100 psr month:
owner retiring from business: hence this bargain;
value in sight for $1500. See GUS STRAND, 45
Third st. ]
Q9XA BRANCH BAKERY: 4 ROOMS;
»J\J. offer wanted to-day. GUS STRAND.
45 Third st.
© I (U\f\ BUTCHER -SHOP: 2 HORSES:
<g) 1 \J\J\J. wagon; clears $100 per month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third st.
<3ift^A FIRST-CLASS DINING PARLOR:
t£)\J<J\J. 25c meals: fine location: free rent; -
f!-'»«. over expenses $75 per month. GUS
STRAND, 45 Third at *
T^OTJCE— PARTIES WISHING TO SELL RES- |
i-i tanrants, cigar-stores, saloons or any other
business, try JOHNSTON, 261/2 Kearny st
<Si 1 fU\(\ FINE SALOON, WITH CIGAR-
%pi \J\J\J. store, in country town: rent $45: pay-
lug business. 26y 3 Kearny st.
A 1 PAYING SALOON; GOOD STOCK AND
■*»- fixtures; central location; low rent; rooms;
make offer. JOHNSTON, '-'6Va Kearny st.
IF YOU WANT TO SKLL OR BUY A BUSI-
-1 ness quick see T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye,
PARTNER WANTED, WITH $700, TO TAKE
1 half interest in the manufacture of a patent for
removing wagon tires without injuring the felloe;
or will trade for small ranch: investigate and see
patent. T. LUBi-.LsKI, 7 City Hall aye.
iEj9r.flft GROCERY AND BAR, DOING
<t£)*L,O\J\J . good business, cheAp rent, fine corner
stand, elegant stock, will bear fullest investi.a-
tion ; only object for selling, other business; see
this fine buy. T. LUBKLSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
I" HAVE PURCHASERS FOR ALL KINDS OF
business places. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Qll XA GROCERY AND BAR; FINE
<JpA Ltfyj. stock; elegant fixtures; doing good
business; in fine locality; will stand the fullest
investigation, and the place is actually worth twice
amount asked; see this elegant business at once:
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
©OX/1 PARTNER FOR MEAT-MARKET:
«JT— O\J. a rare chance for a good man, able to
keep plain accounts and deliver meals; German
preferred. T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
TATE AND COUNTY RIGHT FOX PATENT
O sewing-machine attachment: thousands can be
sold; Investigate this rare chance and see patent if
you want a money making business : for country
orcitv; Investigate at once this rare, chance. T.
LUBKLSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
Ql (10 RESTAURANT: 6 TABLES; NICE
*3;H'V'. range; living rooms; cheap rent; paid
to June 1. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall avenue.
TO SELL YOUR BUSINESS PLACE OR
X lodging-house come see me. as I have customers
on hand. Tit 881 >Xl, 7 City Hall avenue.
<<*)'()() FINE COFFEE AND LUNCH
•» — '"'• place; ail in running order: the rent
only $10 a month; taking in $8 to $20 per day;
you will never get a chance like this again. T.
LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
J FAMILY LIQUOR- STORE: OLD- ESTA
X lisht-ri: selling account of sickness. STRAND,
45 Thirq at
QCXfI CORNER GROCERY AND BAR,
O IcH'. with living-rooms, on Polk st: low
rein; coo.l place; kept by owner for years.
WILKK A WOLF. 531 Calffornla st
Q7FirVWILL BUY CIGAR, STATIONERY
«iT • *JV' and notion business: positively clearing
over 100 per month; building Included; ground I
rent small: creat bargain. BARRETT A SKIFF,
921 Market st.
© 1 {\f\ FRUIT AND VEGETABLE STORE:
O" 1^'. best business street BARRETT A
SKIFF, 921 Market st.
_ '■)'■)^ GOOD PAYING CORNER SALOON:
O — ~0. a bargain. HEGARTY. 1004 Market
C* |7k GOOD PAYING RESTAURANT AND
»4P ' «O. bakery; good location. HEOARTY,
1004 Market st.
Q> Q(|A ROOMING-HOUSE OF 15 ROOMS:
isO\.i\J. good lo ation; nicely furnished; great
bargain. STANLEY. 21 Third st.
LL PARTIES WI-UING TO SELL OR BUY
place* of business try CITY BUSINESS
' AGENCY. 865y a Market st
C_> At f\ FINE SALOON; DOING GOOD BUSI-
-(JpTtOU. ness: fine fixtures: large stock; bll
hards and pool: best location. REIDY, 13^ Sixth.
Q(\(\ COKNER GROCERY AND BAR;
•/UU . living-rooms: hc-je. wagon: 3 years'
lease; rent $42 50: Western Addition: doing good
business; value in sight; call at once. WILKE A
WOLF, 631 California st
EAT MARKET FOR SALE— FINE BUSl-
ness: a bargain. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
I^OR SALK OR RENT OR EXCHANGE FOR
other good property— A factory at West
Berkeley containing 30-horsepower boiler and 15-
-horse-power engine, newly erected and but little
used- plenty of shaftin-. belting and pulleys;
main building is 28x57 feet; there is also an
annex to it: water-tank and never-failing well and
pump: situate upon a corner lot 98x100 feet; lo-
cated convenient to railroad depot and to wtiarf,
wllh ferry service to San Francisco; freights very
low; abundance of cheap labor to be had in imme-
diate neighborhood; suitable for manufacturing
business. Address T. W., P. O. box 311, Berkeley.
Cal. '
<£ 1 Qfifi BEST CORNEK BAR IN WHOLE-
<ttD-LOWV/. sale district: money-making place;
must be sold at once: owner appointed general
agent for distillery. WILKE AWO 631 Cali-
fornia st.
WILL GIVE UP MY 2 GOOD-PAYING RES-
" t.inrants Monday, May 18. as I am going to
take possession of my new hotel in Frultvale ; will be
sold cheap: half cash: balance taken out in board.
Particulars 614 Clay st.
©OCX COAL AND WOOD YARD; GOOD
«*JPO I *-*• business: must sell at oncer engine and
boiler worth the money ;trlal given. Call 810 Sixth.
T7»bir~SALE — NEAR OAKLAND: HOUSE,
J. wagon, harness: 9 dozen chickens, 100 small
chickens; growing crop: fruit of 15 acres: all
$260 ca <b. C. A. ANTHONY, Iruitvale, Cal.
SsTflO FOR SALE THIS WEEK; HOTELOF
r. I W. 22 rooms: saloon and large dance hall-
can be made the finest roadbouse in the country
Address A. 8.. box 160. Call office.
j?OB sA L I-:- V, KAN BAKERY, NOTIONS"
J cigars, laundry; 4 rooms. 842 Railroad aye
Alameda. "
VI AN WITH $5000 to $10,000 CAN INVEST
i, it to earn 100 per cent easily. Business, box
61, C aIL
\V OOD AND COAL YARD, HORSES
" wagons, large stock, building; will sell at a
sacrifice: make offer. Apply 26% Kearny.
'^^00 CORNER BAR ON KEARNY AND
<PV«"' California: established for years: rood
\*&\\KS£?i2&. tHtt ! l * a need apply - WILKE _
WOLF, 531 California st.
TjKNTLEMAN PARTNER WANTED BY
.. lady of means, with »35 capitaL 12 Mason
St. 1 Fill. _.
nENTRAL HCSTEL IN SAN RAFAEL;
L^rjgi^'b'otet ftnd flxtar>a tor Bt a
AT A REASONABLE PRICE: A GOOD-PA
XV Ing cyclery; well situated and stocked with 21
high-grade bicycles in No. 1 condition. Address
A. P., box 118, Call Oflice.
lI ORSESHOE BUSINESS, STOCK AND
a tools cheap. Inquire Call Branch, Sixteenth
i and Mission sis.
PARTNER FOR BEER-BOTTLING BUSI-
X ness. Call Bto 10 o'clock Sunday. 712 14th st
GIROCERY, WITH FINK LIVING-ROOMS;
VJ^rent $11 60. Apply this office.
ALBANY CASINO SALOON, 133 FOURTH,
-fX NE. cor. Everett st., for sale.
' RESTAURANT WITH NEW BLD'Q
I ■** V on long ground lease; best location
I on city front: money-making place: cash or part
in r^al estate. WILKE WuLF, 631 California,
rOR BALE — STATION KB BOOK AND
X news store.. Apply 331 Bush st.
DRUG-STORE : $1600: OPENING FOR REOU
iar physician. Address M. W. 8.. box 30, Call.
xy anted— partner good paying sa-
•« loon; small capital; must be sober. Address
C. box 82, Call Office.
BUSINESS CHANCES— Contlnned.
<E* 7 f\f\ " PAYING CORNER SALOON;
5) I \J\J. don't miss this. MEEKS <6 CO., 865^4
Market st. '
»i) 7' RESTAURANT; GOOD LOCATION;
tipZi 10. splendid trade: receipts $"..'5 daily.
MEKKS & CO., 865% Market st.
j>on7ii PRODUCE and DELICACY STORE;
*lrt)UU. cash trade; good place for man and
wife. MEEKs & CO., B<is>^ Market st
I f\f\f\ NEW AND SECOND-HAND
iJpIVUU. store: a chance rarely offered; see
this at once. MEEKS «fc CO., 865^ Market St.
t\?\(\ iTlacksmuhing an a >rsk-
'lT- 1 -"" 1 -'' shoeing business; clearing $125 a
month; corner lot; shop, tools, slock: bargain;
going Kast. Owner, box 5. Call < ifflce. Oakland.
L"OR SALK— BILLIARD BUSINESS";
X 7 tables: »lso clgar-atand: location central. For
further Dar:iculars apply to CHARLES P.
KERNS, Berkeley.
IPOR SALK TELESCOPE HOTEL. SAN
J. Jose, broad-gauge depot. E. E.SIMPSON, prop.
(RftFiA CORNER GROCERY AND BAK;
TlpviOV./. large store: cash trade: must sell at
once; a b'g bargain. 1115 Folsom st.
DklicacTes STORE: WELL STOCKED-
' good location. Apply 836 Valencia st, Rutz's
bakery.
A LHAMBKA MINERAL SPRINGS TO
XV rent, cheap— lo3 acres of land: 17 rooms, un-
furnished; baths: beautiful location; 5 miles from
Martinez. P. J. WEST, Martinez, Cal.
EU>5 SALE— ONE OF THE BEST DRUG-
X stores In town ; half or whole. Address Drugs,
box 4, this office. ; 
fl HEAT BARGAIN .MUST BE SOLD ASOWN-
yr er Is going north: branch bakery, notions, can-
dy, milk, butter, eggs, etc.; fine place for icecream
or <offe*-par:or; sunny living-rooms. Apply 110
Sixth st., upstairs.
RESTAURANT AND OYSTER-HOUSE FOR
xv sale cheap; account of sickness. 107 Sixth st.
XTEWLY FITTED UP LIQUOK-STORE. 732
-*-' Devisaderost., cor. Fulton.
SALE— A BARGAIN; TIN AND~PLUMIf
± ing shop. Address E. M., box 81, Call Office.
C CARRIAGE AN AGO X SHOP; GOOD
/ business; 17 years same block. Apply this office.
T?OK RENT. UNFURNISHED— THE "GRAN-
X ite House," Folsom, Cal., a 2-story frame hotel,
conta'ning par. or. dining-room, barroom, kitchen
and 22 bedrooms: in ,00.l repair and tine locatlun:
a splendid opportunity for any person desirous of
iroing into the hotel business: extra Inducements
offered. Address LOL'IS KLUMPP, Folsom. Cal,
rpo HORSESHOERS— THE BEST HOUSE-
X shoeing business in San Francisco for sale. Ap-
ply to F. Bit USE. 1061 Golden Gate aye.
rpo LEASE IN MAYFIELD, SANTA CLARA
1 County, Occidental Hotel aid bar; rent 25.
Apply C DUCKER or F. PRITCHARD, 12 Mar-
ket St. .
I" nOR SALE— CORNER SALOON: DOING GOOD
. business. 600 Sixth si., corner Bryant.
(.UTCHER-SHOP TO LET, WITH OR WITH-
-1> out fixtures: cheap. ' 1806 Howard st.
pit 1.-nTING PLANT; RARE OPPORTUNITY
X lor a beginner wit li cash capital: complete out-
lit: must sell at once. Address Printer, box 73,
Call Oilice.
<n»tl-M FOR A FRUIT ANE VEGETABLE
*Jr±j*>\' store; a good horse and wagon Included;
good location; must be sold by the 20th of May;
rent $18. Apply 2325 Mission St., near Twentieth.
pHAKCK, FOX WOODWORKER |TO ENTER
\J business: small capital. G. H., box 75. Call.
k . OR SALE— i HE MUSICAL SHOOTING GAL-
I lery located 1187 Market st. (Central I'arK),
consisting of musical and automatic targets, air-
guns rides, etc. ; all complete; will be sold at a
bargain.
<2» 1 Hfl FKUITSTORE; BEST LOCATION IN
ti!SJLUv/. the city for the right man. Apply 16
City Hall square.
NY STOCK OF MERCHANDISE BOUGHT
fdr cash; city or country. ! M., box 2, Call.
"^ 1 -7j GROCERY AND BAK; 3 ROOMS;"
LOU, well stocked; |bargain. SW. cor. Fif-
teenth and Noe.
QT. HELENA (NAPA CO.) STORE TO LET,
O 25x75, including fixtures; best location; rent
low. Apply to GEO. W. FEE, St. Helena.
FOR SALE— GROCERY AND BAR, $300'
cheap. 721 Polk st. '
ESTAURANT ANDBAKKRY IN CENTRAL
-It location; nicely fitted up; in university town;
must be sold this week on account of departure;
cash or will exchange for anything of use on a
ranch. Address box 63, Berkeley.
GOOD ROUTE ON MORNING PAPER: about
\J 700 names. Address E., box 1, Call Office
Oakland.
T/OR SALE-CHEAP; the best ADAPTED
r butcher shop in the city; other business cause
of selling; no agents. Geary and Hyde st.
USTBE. SOLD AT ONCE— VERY CHEAP
dairy produce delicacies business: best loca-
tion; fine trade. Inquire 1104 Polk st
GROCERY AND BAR: LO.\G-£STABLISH-
VJT ed; doing good business; death cause of sale.
Apply this oflice. . «. ,„-,■-
IfOR SALE— 2 GOOD EVENING ROUTES.
Call at 623 Sacramento st, 11 to 12 a m.
OOD PAYING CYCLER Y; GOOD WHEELS-
best location. W. CX ■ NX, 324 Poat st
rjiO' STAND: OWNER >i\<»
0 » —O. East. 110 Stockton St.
C A LOON FOR SALE OR TRADE: CITY
>^ front; on account of sickness; fine business.
Room 88, Chronicle building.
ri REAT BARGAIN; ONE OF BEST RES-
I taurants in city; dally from 815 to $20. Apply
Call Office. . -
4 tVKcK S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS—
■A. WEEKLY CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
LODGING-HOUSES FOX BALE.
ROOMsPfINE FLAT: newT..^ .....~.~~ $700
15 rooms; fine corner ;.-.- ]5o
10-roora house, worth $1000; price 401
40 rooms; fine for transient 700
20 rooms on Fourth st., only.. „. 600
16 rooms on Taylor st 751
46 rooms on Marke: st 250J
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market at., opposite Fifth.
O'-I^OM HOUSE: CENTRAL: ROOMS AT.L
'»•» r«mted; worth $2500; price $1600. DECKEit,
1020 Market st.
7HJ. HOWARD. COR. THIRD — CORN Ell
1 U"± lodging-house: 32 rooms; well furnished;
good opportun'ty: owner called East. Apply
DECKER, 1020 Market St., or 704 ' Howard st.
C»O£. (\ ' LODGING- HOUSE OF 9 ROOMS;
»Jn_«JU. all sunny and in good condition; cen-
tral: near Market st. ; low rent; selling througri
immediate deoarture. JOHNSTON. 26% Kearny.
YV ELL X KPT HOUSE 9 ROOMS; NICELY 1
'" furnished: cood location; near Market; price
$300. STENBERG A CO.. 083 Market. :
IF YOU WANTTOBIJY OR SELL A LODG-
J. ing-house, See T. LUBELSKI, 7 City Hall aye.
Si)|inn 44 ROOMS ELEGANTLY Fuit.
«v— ""'"• nished: location Al: paying well;
don't fail to Investigate this chance of a lifetime to
get an elegant rooming-house. T. LUBELSKI. 7
City Hall aye,
7nA 20- ROOM LODGING-HOUSE, PAY*.
«3pIUV/. ing about 100 per month; will stand,
fullest investigation: Investigate this rare snap-
cheap rent. T. LUBELSKI. 7 City Hall aye.
"I O NICELY FURNISHED ROOMS: ALWAYS
XO rented; cheap on account of departure. 628
Pine st.
T ODGING-HOUSE 37^ ROOMS FOR SALE
X-i cneap: income $240 per month; no agents. Call
or address 1532 Polk st. *• '. - •
rOR SALE— HOTEL OR LODGING-HOUSE,
X I 22 Sacramento St., containing 40 rooms; well
lighted; gas: water: improved plumbing; com-
pletely furnished ai.d in order for Immediate pos-
session: this hotel Is especially adapted for a
boarding-house; convenient to railroad depot, foot
of Market st.; established 3 years; reasons for
for selling, owner retiring from business. Apply to
owner on premises.
FURNITURE FOB SALE.
T ARGE MIRROK, FINE DESK; ALSO
XJ Singer Taylor machine. 7 City Hall aye.
T L. J. NEUMANN'S. 117 SIXTH, FOR
lowest prices on household goods, new or good
as new; cash or time; open evenings.
MRE SALE r '■ ! ! ~"~*
Prices stand till goods _• completely dis-
posed of.
Oak bed sets , $18 ST
Bed lounges.... 8 011
Stoves „ 750
Carpets, per yard _ 65
Linoleum, per yard 5S
Matting, per yard „ . . 10
Till our new building Is erected these prices will
•tana. Till such time we are conducting business
at si-:, corner Seventh < and Mission sis. J.
NOONAN.
G. KRASKY, FURNITURE AND BED-
. ding; new folding-beds, $9 and up: step-lad-
ders, 20c per step: furniture exchged. 773 Mission.
it\l\ UARPItTS: CHAMBER BETS, $14;
•^UU stoves. $5: parlor nets. $20: folding-bed*
flO; bed-:onnges. $7. T. D. MCCARTHY 113 4th.
A ROOMS FURNITURE, NEW $75
'i lounges trimmed with plush ...... ....$5 53
Brussels Carpet, laid ....45c up
English Linoleum, laid 400 op
Window shades In 6 colors 260 up
MIIUKK A SHIKKK. 747 Market st, opposite
Grant avenue: no branch stores.
CARPET CLEANING.
/^Treateastelin st k i am^calu'et'cljean-
VJ ing Works. Tel. So. 676; 14 Bth st. B. Gbast.
ONES CO CARPET - CLEANING AND
renovating works. Main office 36 and 27 Bth.
/-IARPETS CLEANED, 3c A YARJ>; LAID
\J Tel. Jessie 944. STRATTON. 19 Eighth st.
WHEN YOU BECOME DISGUSTED WITH
poor wont send to SPA NO'S Pioneer Car-
pet Beating Works. 363-67 Tahama st.; tel. So. 40.
pONKLIN 'B CARPET EEATINQ WORKS. 353
V Golden Gate aye.: telephone east 138.
CITY STEAM CARPET CLKANING.RENOVA-
) tlng, 38 Bth. STEVENS, mgr. TeL south 250.
GREAT WESTERN STEAM CARPET-BEAT-
ing works; latest improved machinery; 3c yard.
G. GEORC _, office 11 Eighth St.; phone Jessie 253.
C^ARPETM CLEANED AND RENOVATED
) ilke new. FERGUSON & CO.. 23 Tenth; teL
South 36. D. mackintosh & CO.. successors.
JK. MITCHELL CARPET CLEAN ING CO., 240
. 14th st ; cleaning 3c a yard. Tel. Mission 74,
J" MCQUEEN'S CARPET BEATING AND REN-
• ovatlnc works. 463 Stevenson; isi. south 228,HOUSES TO LET. *
TO LET — HOUSE 5i B EtU mCb~\TH I
and storeroom; stable. 2 stalls and box-stall: :
wiuon and chicken-bouse; lot 75x100: Fifteenth
aye., South t>an Francisco; half block from elec- 1
trie cars: all In first-class order; will be rented low ;
to a careful tenant; key at grocery, corner Fif- !
teenth aud Railroad ayes. Call at O'FARRELL
&. CO. or6t 516 Bnttery st.
JQO CALIFORNIA AYE.. NEAR MISSION— |
"vOs rooms and bath: rent very cheap. Apply- 1
MADISON A BiKKK. 626 Market st. I
House 9 ROOMS and bath-, IN GOOD
order; reasonable renu 1427 Post sl., near |
Gough.
7 ROOMS, BATH AND LAUNDRY'- FRONT
I and rear yaras; on a pretty street, fronting pri-
▼ate park: newly painted, clean and attractive; .
930. DEMI'STER, 36 Glen Park aye. I
1 LET— HOUSE OF 7 ROOMS AND BATH;
fine basement: rent 925. Apply 358 Grove st-,
bet Fra klin and Uough.
Ol>K 7 ROOMS; MODERN IMPROVE-
ments. 1216 Treat aye.. opp. Garfield square.
Q1 ( < HOUSE 5 SUNNY ROOM* AND
QXU. bath. 624 Locust aye.. off Lagunast.
/Convenient HOUSE 5 ROOMS. 24 MOSS
v- St., off Howard, near Seventh.
T OOK AT 8-ROOM HOUSE COR. PINE AND
XJ Sicott, $28; 9- room house, 16 Franklin, near
Markeu 938: reduced 912 each.
i'lii HOUSE 8 ROOMS, BATH: MODERN.
C O\J. 1723 Clay st., near Van Ness aye.
WE RKNT MANY' HOUSES BECAUSE WE
»* treat people rlghu BALDWIN & HAM-
>t'>Nl> 10 BtCOl • r-- sl.
— =
PUBLISHED HOUSES.
•IS BELVEDERE: FURNIPUeId HOUSE OF
X. 6 rooms. Apply Belvedere Land Office.
9 J_9A HO« ARD— 4 OR 5 SUNNY BAY-
£rxJu\j window hou^pkper'ine rooms: 927.
COTTAGES TO LET.
pOTTAGE^FOUK LABGB BOOMS; LABOE
V yard: rent cheap: key corner Twenty-fifth
and Florida sis , also 418 Stevenson.
OTA AND~UI'-NICE CLF.AN"(SOME NEW)
O-LU cottage*. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st.
QjQ S-ROOM SUNNY* COTTAGE; LARGE
Q<3. yard. Jersey and Sanchez sts.
Q9" COTTAGE OF 5 ROOMS AND BATH:
— •'. yard: stable: 627 Guerrero St., bet. Eight-
eenth and Nineteenth. Apply D. B. BOWL-Y,
2135 Howard ft., near Eighteenth.
"<j»rT"T neat cottage OF 4 rooms and
QX*±«batb. IK-U Union, near Lacuna.
QtT Z\(\ COTTAGE OF 3 ROOMS; GOOD OR-
-0 I •O\J. der: water free. Apply premises 945
Bryant st-, near Eighth, or room 79, 6^B Mont-
gomery.
OUNNV COTTAGES: 4 AND 5 ROOMS: BATH;
_*— ' large basement: yard. Cor. Dolores and 15th.
furnished flats.
poatJPLKTJELY furnTShed^ s ROOMS;
\J bath: sun on three sides: marine view; piano
and machine. If desired: $35. 2705 Laguna st.
"1 X 99 GEARY — SMALL SUNNY FLAT;
J- • '— — nicely furnished for housekeeping: $25.
FLATS TO LET.
'qTq'o N XY— FIN E^MODERN flatT~six
O- 1O rooms, bath large basement and yard:
every convenience; 719 Fourteenth st., near Mar-
ket. BALDWIN it HAMMOND, 10 Montgom-
ery st. .
A ROOMS ON FIRST FLOOR; CLEAN AND
*t attractive: {rout and rear yards: unfinished
basement; on charming private street fronting
park; to quiet family; $16. DiiMPaTER, 36Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth su .:' "> '; €
■VTEW SUNNY UPPER FLAT 7 ROOMS:
_i bath: reasonaole. 128 Fair Oaks, near Twenty-
third.
F*» )(\B TURK— 2 SUNNY FLATS; 4 ROOMS
«-> — U In rear.
9QAI LANGTON ST.— FOUR ROOMS, AND
— .OU-j stable suitable for 2 horses and 1 wagon:
rent cheap.
QUN NY" LOWER FLA 5 BOOMS ; BATH;
»3 lar;e basement: rent reasonable. 1724 Eddy.
"YEW CORNER SUNNY' 6- ROOMED FLAT;
— marine view. 1106 Green st.
AND 5 ROOMS; BATH: ?11,512, 913: EL_C-
trlc lines. 4585 Eighteenth su
9^9Q POST — ELF.GANT NEW FLAT, 6
— ■ O— O sunny rooms and bath; rent reasonable.
pORNER FLAT, SUN IN EVERY" KOOM: 6
\J rooms: latest improvements. 1541 Eddy st.
1 1 '-£*-} HOWARD ST.— NICE sunny 4-room
XXOO flat; large yard: cheap rent. ■■■\ -■-■;-
-&1 _ FLAT 5 ROOMS AND BATH. 489
Ci"!. Sanchez st., corner Eighteenth.
11Q FULTON-FINE MIDDLE FLAT OP 7
HO rooms and bath: 928.
L: FLAT: 4 sUNNY ROOM?; RENT
/ 910 to a small family. 311 Harriet at., bet.
Sixth and Seventh, near Bryant. :: - r - i
JTpp£K FLAT: 5 SUNNY ROOMS. 608
U Stevenson st.. near sixth: rent $18.
8 ROOMS: WATER FREE. 565 mission ST.;
rent 116. . ... - . . .
S3~ANT> i ROOMS: BATH;
garden : 513 ani $16. 1706 Post st.
Q"! Q UPPKR FLAT 5 ROOMS; BATH.
«^ 1 • '. 1625- 2 Pine st.. above Van Ness aye.
(T.-| - 133 as iTa~v~e., off van n ess, neab
0 X.O. McAllister; flat 5 rooms and bath. ?; . s.':
1 9f»Q GOCGH— ELEGANT UPPER FLAT; 1
1 —.I/O rooms and bath. .
q97 CLEMENTINA— I ROOMa; $14; GOOD
•->_■ i order.
7801% Harrison— s rooms and bath; $20; good
oraer.
355 Fourth— Upper flat: 5 rooms and bath ; 918;
pood order.
Ql O CONVENIENT 5-ROOM FLAT; SUN-
-0 XO. oy. cor. Nineteenth and Hartford sts.,
near Castro. " ; •■■■'
\-ICE MIDDLE FLAT: 8 ROOMS; BATH; $30.
— > Third st. near Harrison; key a: «17^ Third.
1 f-TEINER. NEAR SUTTER— LOWER
ICU t flat: 5 modern large sunny rooms; 'bath.
d ROOM FLAT; EVERY' CON VEX lENCE.
*± 282 Natoma St., nr. Fourth.
T OWER LAT OF 4 LARGE ROOMS; SUNNY
Jj Bide of street: rent 99 a month. 416 Rlngold
6t., bet. Eighth and Ninth. Harrison and Folsom.
79/^1 MCALLISTER— flat; 6 ROOMS;
• «-Us modern improvements: rent reduced.
WE RENT MANY FLATS BECAUSE WE
>» treat people right. BALDWIN & HAM-
MOND, 10 Montgomery st.
"I7LEGANT NEW FLATS. SEVENTH ST.. BE-
Xi low Bryant. 5 end 6 rooms, bath; 98 to $16.
* WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — THIS
-V WEEKLY* CALL. in wrapper, for mailing.
UOOSEK-EEPLNti EOOMS.
Bryant Street.
-1 1 BRYANT— NICE SUNNY" SUITE, CON-
-0 X X nected; $2 75 per week. i
California Street.
O'q-1 CALIFORNIA-3 ELEGANTLY FUR-
— OO x nished rooms and bbtn for housekeeping;
cheap.
lay Street.
1A 90 CLAY - FURNISHED PARLOR
X~XJ-i\J floor: light housekeeping: sunny; marine
view; plea.saDt borne for smalt family. • -..:.V;r.- :
Eddy Street.
1 OAa EDDY"— NICELY" FURNISHED HOUSE-
J-—.V/. keeping rooms; also sunny rooms. •___;
( 1 1 7 EDDY"— NICELY' FURNISHED FRONT
Vx I housekeeping rooms; splendid location;
private family. •
Eighth Street.
-1 (\Q EIGHTH — SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
J-V/O rooms: $2 a week up.
Ellis street.
r(\ a ELLIS— FURNISHED FRONT ROOM,
i)l/l light housekeeping: also room with stove.
CQO ELL* Si— SUNNY UNFURNISHED
tJO-» rooms, with bath. '. /. ;■■■;
' Elizabeth Street.
-: A •*. ELIZABETH, COR. CASTRO. TWENTY-
t'iiJ third and Twenty-fourth — Three sunny
rooms; furnished or unfurnished.
i if tli Street. .
QQ SUNNY BEDROOM AND KITCHEN";
• O. running water; no children; private family.
SI 4 Fifth st.
49Qt FIFTH — PERFECTLY FURNISHED
— C 2 houspkeepia?: first floor. - '
riilmore Street.
1".A11 FILLMORE-TH REE FURNISHED
XOVII2 large sunny corner rooms for house-
keeping: bath, gas and grates: $13 or 87 each.
Grove Street.
1 /'I C GROVE, NEAR LYON— 3 SUNNY CON-
x \JXO ueclins rooms; gas, bath: $8.
ceary Snetsc.
91 71 QEAJCY— S SUNNY HOUSEKEEPING
— 1 i 2 rooms. Key 217. : .
Q9q PARLOR. BEDROOM, dining-room,
C— O. M-wing-rooiu. bath, kitchen: all neces-
taries. 1917 Gearys:. . ~ >
Hayes Street.
I_l Ol HAVES— TWO ROOMS; USE OF
x * 1 V'£ kitchei;: hot and cold water; single
room. $&. "' •
Hermann Street.
9*: HERMANN. NEAR VALKNCIA-1 OR 2
—'' rooms: nicely furnished with or without
kitchen; gas and bath.
Howard Street.
1119 HOWARD— 2 FRONT SUNNY BAY- '
•1- -L*— — < wludow housekeeping rooms: water; '
race*; $ ■"-' 50. _ .
] 9 AX HOWARD- 2 OR 3 ROOMS, FUR-
-. -UU uished complete forhcnseKeeplng;chcap. j ■
J »t>i» street. • «
> -(< ;Jr IK-TWO ROOMS NICELY FUB-
-1 • \> iiisiied for bousekeepto g. - j .
HOCSEKEEPIXG ROOMS - Continued.
,^ Linden Avenue.
9Q LINDEN iVK.. OFF VAN NESS, NEAR
— <C Hayes— Large unfurnished room: stove.
— — — — — — — - »
jiiiuia -ircet.
.- .7- MINNA — 2 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS,
0 I O complete for housekeeping.
Jii»» on >tree;.
Q J 7 MISSION— 2 BASEMENT ROOMS: COM-
U~X I plete for housekeeping.
I A*~,P. MISSION — LARGE FRONT SUITE
X\JO%J and others; cheapest rooms in the city. .
I 9" 1 MISSION, COR. ninth — 2 COZY
X<L*)X housekeeping rooms: 910.
7 MISSION— FURNISH ED FRONT AND
I bark parlor, complete for light liousekpg.
Mom Street.
"I O MOSS, OFF HOWARD. NEAR SF.VENTH—
i-O 2 furnished rooms tor honsekeeplrg.
Nat omit Street.
741 N ATOM A, COR. NINTH— SUNN V*
IT:J front furnished rooms lor light housekeep-
lng; also single. . . .
. . . Ninth Street.
90 NINTH, NR. MARKET— FRONT HOUSE-
— .V keeping; single: suite*: stove; gas; $10 up.
9] NINTH— NICELY' FURNISHED ROOMS
—^x for light housekeeping; also others. .' . ' ■
Fine Street.
704 PINE — SUNNY SUITE, FURNISHED
• V7Tr °r unfurnished, for housekeeping; also
single.
■^f*V ? Second Street.
I "1 C SECOND— LARGE, NEWLY PAPERED
J. x*j housekeeping room, furnished or unfur-
nished. .*.;•*. i.
Seventeenth Street.
QQT 1 SEVENTEENTH, NEAR NOE-4 FUR-
«-»vJ I * nisbed rooms for housekeeping; bath-
large basement; rent reasonable.
South ParK.
DC SOUTH PARK— 2 SUITES, FURNISHED
00 completely for housekeeping.
>teven«on Street.
ftQ7 STEVENSON-SMALL NICE SUNNY
U-l room : elderly lady preferred ; cheap.
j'«J. -} STEVENSON ST.. BET.SEVENTITXNb
Utt_. Eighth— 2 furnished housekeeping rooms,
bath; central. •
Stockton Street.
9A91 STOCKTON— PLEASANT SUNNY
_»V/_ia suites; also housekeeping rooms.
711 STOCKTON — NICE FURNISHED
i I X X rooms for housekeeping; $10 and 912 per
I month.
' 1 7ftq STOCKTON— 2 SUNNY ROOMS, FUR-
j X • I/O nished complete for hkpg. : cheap rent.
Tenth Street.
I JO] TENTH-FLAT Of TWO LARGE SUN-
-1 •) 1 ny rooms with closets.
Turk Street.
-I 9A TURK— 3 ROOMS AND BATH; FUR-
±— U nished for housekeeping.
Twenty-sixth Street.
I 1 '1 TWENTY-SIXTH, NEAR MISSION—
1 1 O-i Large sunny housekeeping suites, nicely
furnished; $9 to $12.
Valencia Street.
"I fkiqi VALENCIA— SUNNY SUITE, $15;
lu'lO!} also single roomscheap.
Washington Street.
'AO WASHINGTON-SUNNY UNFURNISH-
O\J~ ed housekeeping rooms; running water.
J A WEEK'S NEWS FOR 5 CENTS — TH_»
■A. WEEKLY CALL, in wrapper, for mailing.
KOOJIS TO LET.
Clara Street.
GQ P\fl FLAT OF 3 ROOMS; KEY AT
QO.UU. 213U, Clara su ■
' Kt.th Street.
CHERMAN APARTMENT HOUbTS, 28 BTH
0 6t.. Dear Market; furnished and unfurnished.
l-ili-i Street.
THE BAMONA, ISO ELLIS: MRS. KATE 6.
1 HART, manager— A quiet bouse; centrally lo-
cated; newly furnished: elevator; hot & cold water.
DOSEDALE HOUSE, 321 ELLIS— IOO ROOMS
X\ at reduced rent: satisfy yourself: open all night.
fell Street.
QlA* FELLST.-QUIET ROOM FOR QUIET
• > 1 v gentleman in quiet house; breakfast if de-
sired. _^^
.; V ; tiearv stree:.
91 Q GEARY— SINGLE FURNISHED ROOM
—■IP rent $6 50. -
7-] /.» GREEN— FURNISHED ROOM $6 PER
ill) month.
OAI GEARY. COR. HYDE — 2 ELEGANT
OVJx sunny bay-window rooms', furnished or un-
furnished; mantel, closets; handsome new corner
flat.
HHHE MARTINET HAS CHANGED HANDS;
1 handsomely furnished suites, single rooms, $10
per mo. up. 1101 Geary. SW. cor. Van Ness aye.
• ' .... :i Gate Avenue.
09 GOLDEN GATI2 A TWO BUNNY"
•J_i front unfurnished rooms-
Grant Avenue.
ml GRANT AYE.— FURNISHED ROOMS;
lvl 2 day, week or month; transient. ~.. —
Hayes street.
11l HAVES— NICE BUNNT ROOM.
Hermann Street.
9*: HERMANN ST.. NEAR VALENCIA— I
—>t> or two rooms; nicely furnished; with or
without kitchen: gas and bath. v. " 7
Howard Street.
f*OO HOWARD — NICK SUNNY BOOMS;
\)—£> also front rooms.
7 /•I 1 HOWARD — NICELY" FURNISHED
lUls bay-window suite, with kitchen; others;
reasonable.
Jackson Street. .
1 E^A. l^ JACKSON. BET. LaRKIN AND POLK
1 O\JO —a nicely furnished room.
i~ ''.'..'f_ Jones Mreec.
m JONES— NICELY FURNISHED LARGE
sunny room: private: $11.
907 -'"NEB— THE VAN WINKLE: NEW
-ul management: elegant sonny suites and
Dagie: newly furnished; bath, etc.; 810 to 931).
. l»«arny Street.
4 BLINOTON HOUBE, 127 KKARNY— PLEA3-
J\ ant sunny rooms, en suite and Single; tint das*
a ever/ respect: terms reasonable.
Laskie Street.
£9;* l LAKKIN— FROM. ITO 4 FURNISHED
\J—Oz or unfurnished sunny rooms; upper flat;
no children.
Leaven worth Street.
in A LEAVEN WORTH — NICELY FUR-
X\J\J nished sunny front room suitable for two
gentlemen, $8 per month.
-Market -tree..
■\7 OSEMITE HOUSE, 1045 MARKET — PER
1 night, 35c to $1; week. 91 50 to $5: families.
1 *)(\O MARKET - NICELY FURNISHED
X -VO sunny rooms; 96 upward.
Mason Street. '
090 MASON— NICELY FURNISHED SUN-
_<_.<J ny bay-window rooms: reasonable.
ih»ionv
£1 q MISSION - NICELY FURNISHED
010 rooms, 16 cents to 50 cents per night; $1 to
$2 per week. - -
rpHE WILSON HOUSE, 775 MISSION, NEAR
X Fourth— New fireproof building: 90 elegantly
furnished rooms: all modern improvements; ele-
vator: single or en suite: 25cto$l 50 a day.
UROPE HOL>K, 11C9 MISSION— NICELY
furnished rooms, single or en suite: transients. '
ICI _. MISSION— 3 OR 4 SUNNY BOOMS
1 Ox^r furnished or unfurnished, or will sell fur-
niture cheap.
Oak Street.
M OAK— DOUBLE ROOM, SUITABLE FOR
2 persons. .
rjA(. OAK— ELEGANTLY' furnished SUN-
i*l > ' ny alcove room for gentleman; private
family. . ■ - .
O'farrell Street.
9' BOOM FOR 915. FIRST FLOOR. ELE- I
»35_t) \-ator. gas and electric light, $10 reduction,
by inquiring at room 2, same floor, 20 o'Farreil st.
i ondl Street.
99' POWELL, COR, GEARY— 2 LARGE SUN-
_._ ,O ny, single, front furnisheJ rooms.
i'l\t* A POWELL-RIGHT IN 'l OWN; LARGE
DUD front room; suitable for 2 men.
~ Pot: Street.
9rt 7 POST— CLEAN. SUNNY" ROOMS: DOU-
_,U I ble and single; reasonable: see them.
""Sacramento Street.
141 SACRAMENTO-PLEASANT SUNNY
XtrL*J furnished rooms: private family; for two
gentlemen or husband and wife; bath and running
water: convenient to cable cars.
~ Reven.h Street.
-I OP SEVENTH— NICELY FURNISHED SIN-
-1 OU gle rooms: 93 and 91 month. ■
7~~ '■ : sbixthSireet. v
1 I*Q SIXTH (SARATOGA)— NEWLY FUR-
-110 nibhed single rooms,; f 160 to fo •week.; (
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
TO LET-Contlnned.
SteTenson Street.
4.9^ STEVENSON. NR. FIFTH— 4 E LEG ANT
rr_<U large rooms: yard; basement: first floor.
Stockton street.
1 O1 J. STOCKTON— SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
X "It gingie; en suite: also doctor's office; cheap.
butter -treet.
7015 SUTTER-3 SUNNY FRONT ROOMS;
J_l) private; gentlemen only: reference if re-
quired.
TT I O SITTER _ LARGE SUNNY ROOMS;
XXX.KJ gentlemen preferred. ,
Taylor .Street.
1 A(\ TAYLOR— FURNISHED SUN-
X Ony front rooms, with hot water; bath.
Turk Street.
994 TURK— FRONT AND BACK PARLORS
— —*x furnished; with or without board.
BOARDING AND BOOHS.
I 'OariT"aniT ROOMS: PRIVATE~?AMIOr
» * in Alameda; nice home surrounded by a beau-
tiful carden; French cooking. Address J. B. s.,
Alameda Postofllce. -
rj 1i) POST-ROOM AND BOARD FOR 4
• X£d young men or man and wife; good board
with room. $20 a month.
"1 uno WKBSTER— UNFURNISHED SUN-
X-O\JKJ ny alcove room; furnished single room;
good board: private: German family; references.
_Aj LOTT, 2 BLOCKS FROM BAKER-SUN^
— V/ — ny rooms with board; private family. ■
OTKL BEKTLINU. 714 LUSH— A FAMILY
hotel: references given and required; ail mod-
#-r'i ftinvfnl>nrn.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
WANTED— 1 OB 9 CHXLSKEH TO BOARD: |
room for parent If desired. I 123 Oermanla st.,
near Fillmore.
T ADY WOULD LIKE A CHILD (OVER 3)
X-u to board; mother's care. 1042 Church si.
ANTED— I OR 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
" good home. 10481 ._. Valencia st.
\k r I DOW WANTS 2 CHILDREN TO BOARD;
"» furnished room for parent. 1016 Jackson,
near Mason. :
LADY WOULD LIKE TO HAVE A CHILD TO
board. 14 Oak 6t.
ADY WISHED 2 CHILDREN" TO BOARD;
kindest care given. 322 Seventh st. ■
PIN INFANT OR CHILDREN TO
\J+. ..L board: b^st of care: refined home.
STOKES TO LET.
IUEGAXT STOKE AND BA*EMKNT ON
J— Market sU, opp. main entrance to C ty Ht>l.;
rent reasonable. Apply stationery-store, 18 First.
A KBEK-SH(T| ~Tl' VACANT AND 3
XJ rooms: rent cheap. 315 Point Lobos aye.
T^OR RENT-IN MAYFIELD. SANTA CLARA
— C0. .Ca1., a brick store 30x60. Including counters,
and shelving. Inquire C. PUCKER. May field.
OFFICES TO LET.
OToas AND 3 ROOMS; RENT CHEAP. 328
0 Seventh st.
Goo market, opp. mason-lofts of
t7OO various sites; new, modern building. In-
quire on premises. .-."': ■■;■'•
pALIKORNIA SAFE DEPOSIT BUILDING—
V/ Offices 910 and upward, including janitor's ser-
vices, heat, vlectrlc and gas lights. Apply at room
622 to A. K. BUCKINGHAM.
PRECKELS BUILDING, 927 MARKET-
O Elegant sunny offices. $12 50 up: electric-light ;
beating and janitor service free. Apply at building \
or',, K. UMBSEN A CO.. 14 Montgomery st. '
STABLES TO LET. ~~~
OEAUTIFUL LARGE STABLE: 2414 CALI-
-*-» fornia it. : rent cheap. Apply room 26, Chroni-
cle building.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
C CLOSING OUT A COMPLETE LINE OK
V' small goods at prices less than goods cost
landed in New York; Just the chance to buy a fine
instrument for your summer outing at small out-
lay: violins. $1 35: mandolins, $3 35; guitars. 93;
antoharps, 91: accordions, flutes, banjos, piccolos,
cases for instruments, violin outfits, etc: new
pianos tor rent and sale. J. HARRY SCOTT, 929
Market st., Spreckels building.
~U>OR SALE-UPRIGHT PIANO. NEARLY AS
X pood as new: also lady's bicycle. Call at 1023
linden st., Oakland. '
"5j I (U\ Marshall upright: SHERWOOD
1 \J\J. upright. $150. BItUK 223 Post.
(*Ci9X FINE wheeTotk UPRIGHT.
p -1-.0. SCHMITZ, 16 McAllister st., next Hi- !
bernia Bank. ' •
<5j On?) NEW HRBT-CLASS UPRIGHT ON
tit. 4,\J\J. 95 installments. 221 Leavenworth su
"MAGNIFICENT STECK PIANO: GRAND
o, 1 tone; private party; obliged to sacrifice. Room
21. Flood building.
L>Xke OPPORTUNITY-UPRIGHT grand
111 Hard man; Hire new: wonderful tone; elegant
case; perfect condition: offered by private party at
your own price for immediate sale. Room 10.
Flood building. * Wl
QOHMER. STECK. STEINWAY. STATHAM
>O second-hand upright scheap. 106 McAllister.
ANNUAL MAY CLEARANCE SALE OF
pianos and musical goods: everything sold
cheap tbls month. MAUVaIS', 769 Market st.
HERMAN, CLAY & CO.. BTEINWAY REP-
-0 rcsentatives, show the largest assortment of I
pianos and organs in in* West: all grades an! j
prices; easy monthly payments; everythlug guar-
anteed as represented. Kearny anrt"su:t«/
1 J EFORE BUYING SEE HAINEBROS.', tBUSH
*-* * Gerts' and Knabe pianos; at wholesale
prices. A. L. BANCROFT <£ CO.. 324 Post st.
A SHAW. 9575: STEINWAY. $215: SQ.rA~RE7
825; rented 92 up. HEINE, 136 Ellis st.
A RRIVED— LOT OF CELEBRATED HlGH-
■£*- grade T. L. Neumann pianos: prices and terms
moderate. H. LUEDERS, 82 Ninth su
pONOVER PIANO: AS GOOD AS NEW;
creat sacrifice. TU«» *'• W. aPENLIiU COii :
pHICKERINO.KNABR, STECK, VOSR. BTER-
V ling pianos; see our new piano Jor $187: pianos
;or renu BENJ. CURTAZ _ SON. 16 O'FarrelL
BYRON MAL7Y, 308 POST ST.-SOHm£ST
Newby & Evans. Brings and other pianos.
UPERIOR VIOLINS, ZITHERS. OLD ANEW
H. MLLLER. maker, repairer. I — *tbamplaoe.
A WEEK'S NEWB FOR 5 CENTS — TKB
>*- WEEKLY* CALL. Id wrapper, for mailing.
HORSES. ~
I ""OR SALE— A TEAM OF YOUNG MULE-*.
X harness and wagon; good roadsters. Apply 1913
Magnolia St., Oakland.
A A HORSES FOR SALE; ALaO WAGONS,
TV bugzies, carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse
Market, 327 Sixth St.; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE, Auctioneers.
Kill S - Ts SECOND-HAND HARNESS; ALL
-*"' kinds; second-hand wagons, buggy, carts;
also 20 cheap horses. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
HORSE.S PASTURED; SEND FOR CIRCU-
Iar. The Hyde Ranch. 630 Commercial sl
1 X/A *■*• NKW A>L' SECOND-HAND HAR-
x*j\j ness: ail kinds: wagons, buggies, horses aai
scrapers; Band-wagons. Il2> Mission st. '• •
Dtt C H. WESTPHAL. VETERINARY StTß-
veon for 8. F. Police Department, , Office and
hospital. :-.'] city Hal! aw.: telephone Bonth 401.
——————————— — — — — — . —-————————, —_—__,
WAGONS AND CAKBLAGES.
QLIGHTLY SOILED DRIV'NO^ GLOVES;
0 samples. H. M. HEINEMAN, 109 Sanaome sU
V"fcW AND SECOND-HAND BAKER*', LA UN-
— "I dry. milk and grocery wagons: also rockaway
and 2 fine buggies. H2B Harrison at.
FOIt SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
J"<OR SALK - 2 STKARNS SPECIAL bF-
X cyclea; In good order: cheap.' 55 First si.
"U'OR SALE— '96 FOWLER BICYCLE, NEW-
J $85 cash. Address H.. box 6. Call Office.
GAS ' ENGINE, BRASIEK. PORTABLE
forge, etc.: tor sale cheap. 1402 Dcvi saderost
c ECOND-HAND TKNT, loTl2; CUKAP~74O
0 Broadway, third floor.
Tj^OK SALE— COMPLETE SET OF BUTCHKR-
X I shop lixtures: cheap. Northwest corner Twen-
ty-ninth and Dolores.
BICYCLES; 2 NEW AND 1 SECOND-HAND
XJ wheel at a bargain. 113 Battery su
CIAMPING WAGON. DOUBLIi HARVES.S,
v^ etc.; most complete outfit; just the thing for
"V osemlte trip. 415 Washington st.
rpiIOROTJGJUBREO BLACK MINORCA EGGS.
X9l per 15: also Belgian hares. Address 2029
San Antonio aye., Alameda, Cal.
L"OR bALK— CABINET- M * KKR'S IS fc NHI
J. and tools: fine outfit. 1400 Van Ness aye.
FOR SALE-UNION TOTAL- A TiDINO (ASH
X register: price $25. J. L.. box 64, Call Office.
LOR BALE— SUN CASH REGISTER; USED
1 10 days; price $25. S. C, box 65, Call Office.
yiRST-CLASS SECOND-HAND WASHING-
-1 ton hand press; also eighth medium Universal:
thoroughly overhauled; cheap. Addreu C. A
box 100, this office. . .
SECOND-HAND . GAS OR GASOLINE KS~-
gines;' various sizes;- guaranteed perfect order-
bargain. G. E.. box 100, Call. , ;
AROAINS TYPEWRITERS: ALL MAKES:
: write for prices. Typewriter Ex., 310 California.
T.MRE-PROOF hAFE WITH BURGLAR
r chest; cheap. D. N. HAW/.EY, 318 Markeu
OILERS, AND MACHINERY,
waterpipes. Mclntoah & Wolpman, 137 Beale.
ABY CARRIAGES AND RATTAN FURNI.
ture bought at the factory saves retailer's pro-
fit. California P.attan Co., 61 First st., nr. Mission |
UILDTnTJS BOUGHT; LUMBER, SASHES :
I • doors, mantels, etc. fir sale. 1166 Mission.
NE SMALL M-DIUM AND LARGE SIZES'
lire and bur?:ir proof safe. 109. 111 Market s-
PIKE AND BURGLAR safk, .'LETTER*
1 press, platform scales and desk:cheap. 102 Clay.
\TEW RANGES CHEAPER THAN BKCOXU-
-1> hand. W. a BAY Mf« Co.. 12 California s*. '
CIOUNTEKfI, SHELVING, SHOWCASES
V bonsntandaold miftlUrkec bet 7iaaa4<k*
rEKSONALS.
pENTLEMAN WISHES .FEW PRACTICAL j
'' lessons in spHiiish pronunciation; Mexican or '■
South Aroericsn preferred;. Kate . terms, s. P., i
box 30. Call Office.
}^01l ADOPTION"— HEALTHY BOY BaBY- 2
years of age: $2000 cash goes with the boy. Ad-
dress U.. box 2K5. Call Office.
MLEINSKY. THK UPHOLSTERER, HAS
. removed from 1618 Stockton si. to 229 :
Seventh.
AIR DRESSED ANY STYLE, 25c; SHAM-
poo. 25c: manicure, 25^: lessons. Ml:h.
BUTLER, 131 Post St., room 20. • . !
TO LET— LOUGHEAD HALL. COR. OF SAC- .
L raniento and Polk sts.: newly furnished and
decorated: suitable for lectures, dancing or lodges. ;
rpHE ECONOMY" MILLINKRY, RED FRONT,
1 40. 46-ixtb st; children's school hats sc; dyed,
pressed 25c. ; hats trimmed 25c; feathers curled 5c
ISFIT PARLOUS, 316 3D ST., SELLS AND
ii buys fashionable ladles' clothing; refitting free. ;
A DVIUK FREE; DIVORCE LAWS A SPE- 1
■£*■ dally; private: no charge unless successful; all
law suits, claims, collections, wills. de?ds. etc. at-
leDded to. G.W. HOWE.atty-at-law . 850 Market 3;
1 litttAL ADVANCtS ON DIAMOND;*, JKW-
X-i Iry. etc. : lowest rates. 948 Market gu
OPECIAL— SOL. SHIPPER & CO.. MERCHANT '
Tailors. Spreckels building, 927 Market, rm. 317. i
Gentlemen furnishing cloth ran have suits or over- :
coats made from 99 up: trousers 92 up; workman-
ship and trimming* guaranteed; self-measurement
cards, sent free; country trade solicited.
OUIS MILLKK, IHK ACCORDIAN-MAKER,
removed to 706 Mission su. near Third. . -.
HUNKS MOVED, 25 CENTS. COMMERCIAL
X Transfer Company. 43 Sutler St.; telephone
main 49: keep your checks for us.
THE NUMBER OF THAT BIG HAIRDRESS- !
X ing establishment on Stockton street that
dresses hair in any style for 25 cents is 111, and
the name ia G. LEDERER. Don't make a mistake.
PIANO LESSONS AT PUPILS' HOME, 60c
and SI; best reference. P. L., box 18, Call. j
WARD- MASTER PAINTERS' AS^
socia'.ion offer a reward of 20 for information
leading to the arrest and conviction of any one '
eteft.iag tools or a><iten.>l from any of the places
where »or« is being done. .
IIinAOAKUs, $150: SHOW CARDS, 16c:
J.UUU uL Black 141. HILL. 22 Geary au. r. 39.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST FOR VERMONT
-»■». if air Wash: cures tcalp diseases: take no other. '
AZOR EXCHANGE, 630 MARKET tiT.; |
flue edge put on razor for 25 cents.
\ TTHE VERY LOWEST EASY TKRMS YOU j
.'V can buy furniture, carpets, blankets, etc. ■ a'so ;
dress goods, cloak jewelry, at •M. • ROTHS-
CHILD'S, 213-215 Mason st. ; open evenings.
LECTRIC LIGHTS IN EVERY ROOM I
XZt WlnchesterHouse. 44 Third St.. near Market: '
200 rooms, 25c to 91 50 per night : $1 50 to $6 per 1
week; free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ,
MROZVXr-KI, LEADING LADIES' HAIR-
. dresser, removed to 24 Geary. popular prices.
PARTINUTON~T " SCHOOL OF MAGAZINE
X and Newspaper Illustration: day and evening
classes: instructors, J. H. E. Partlneton. Gertru'le >
Partlngton,R.L.Par;lngton. Particulars 424 Pine st i
I\R. DUCKETT, 1703 POST ST., NEAR BU-
XJ c&anan; gas given; crown and bridge work.
ITY OF PARIS LAUNDRY, FORMERLY 132
Geary, rendered from Larkin st. to 119 stock-
ton: first-class laundry. MRS. JAUSSAUD.
Ql A ROOM: CAKPi-.l's CLEANED ON THE
Oi floor. 206 Lpaven worth at.
IJIGOUTDOOB (STKREOPTICONSHOW EVE-
XJ ry light cor. Market and Bixth sts.: artistic ad- !
vertisements in living light; promoters of busi- !
ness. Consult OWL ADV. CO., 1140 Market *U
LD GOLD. SILVER. GENTS' AND LADIES 1 i
clothing bonghu COLMAN. 41 'ia. cor. Jessie, j
pLOAKS, CAPES 1 AMj >LliJ> KkTAILKD AT i
\J infra' fxwt. Fagtor?. -') %v. nn^talM.
I>HESSMAKEKS. .'
STYLISH SUITS. 93 UP; SKIRTS 75c CP; !
lit guaranteed. .''s9 Stevenson at., nr.Seventh. :
RESSES *2 UP: WRAPPERS 35 CENTS UP:
lawn 91 up- 505*4 Natoma BU.ahovn Hxth.
" ' .—',■.. _L ;
CLAIKVOYAXTS.
 -t. .— . .--. - r . r -.-- _, _, _.
A a i
50 and $I—so as and $I—so cis and 91 I
"KNOWLEDGE is PoWkR."
Therefore consult the great clairvoyants,
PROFS. EUGENE* AND VAN 1)K VERE,
— . ■ 1728 MARKET ST.
Their readme* astonish the most skeptical. All
are satisfied. The professors give advice on all
matters that are of Interest to humanity. Mat-
ness. speculation, investments, Insurance, love, '
conrtship, marriage and divorce: settle lovers'
quarrels and cause speedy and happy marriages.
They locate mines and buried treasures, find lost
or stolen property, Interpret dreams, cure Lad
habits and destroy evil influences in half the .
time required by the best of the other mediums.
Remember, there are but few mediums in the
world that can work these wonder*, and none out-
side of the eminent professors in San Francisco.
Remember also that the professors are perma-
nently located in San Francisco: they are here to
stay. Hours 10 a. m. to BP. m. Sunday 2 to 6p. — .
Letters containing stamps •nnwt-r>* .
PROFS. EUGENE _ VAN DE VERE.
-' -•■■". ' '"-■■ .-T.' " 17-_» Market gu .
4. — TRUTH WEARS NO" MASK. • .
-*-• — -^-. KNOW THY FATE.
Your destiny foretold. PROFESSOR M. L.
CARNELLE. the world- renowned clairvoyant and
business medium, gives correct advice on all mat-
ters of interest in business, law. mining, specula-
tion, love, matrimony, divorce, social or domestic
affairs: unites Ihe separated, settles lovers' quar-
rels and causes speedy and happy marriages with
the one of your choice: causes cood luck in all
things by proper advice: locates mines and buried
treasures; positively no impositions; reveals every-
thing you wish to know concerning the future; let-
ters with stamps answered: business strictly con-
fidential; hours 9 to 9 daily and Sunday; parlors
220 Eddy st.
PVICE and %
assistance to all.
When you wisn to consult a true disciple of
rlalrvoyancy see and prove for yourself that
PROFESSOR M. L. CARNKILE it the greatest
living exponent of the true science of clalrvov-
ancy. You will find him a wonderful being. He
has made thousands of families happy and suc-
cessful by his aid and advice. The professor pos-
sesses wonderful powers. He gives infallible and
correct advice on all business matters, aid* you |
in love, brings about happy marriage and success
In life. He reveals to you just what you want to
know. Others may nave failed you: Professor
Carne'.le never does, but has always given the
most complete satisfaction. All business strictly
confidential. Letters with stamp answered.
Hours. 9 to 9 daily and Sunday. Parlors, 220
Eddy st. • ■ -
TYf ME. PORTER. WONDERFUL CLAIRVOY-
xiX ant, card- r-nder. born with a double veil and
second sight: ladies f-Oc. gents $1; palmistry and
clairvoyant sittings $1 50. 126 'lurk st., nr. Jones.
ISSMELVIN A, CLAIRVOYANT: PICTURE
of future husband or wife. -TetiVi: Howard st.
MEMOREAU. BEST MEDIUM: REVEALS
past, present, future; 25c up. 764 Howard st.
MX. ARNDT. BEST fortune teller IN
x»l toe world: 50c and 91, shows you the picture of
your future husband or wife. 4 Twelfth, cor.Market
■*! ME. RAVEN A READS LIFE FLUENTLY":
J-'l tips on races; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth.
YPSY LlrE-READEkI LADIES. 25c;
gents, SOe; readings doily except Son. 5 7th.
MX. LEGETTK: PRESENT, PAST AND FU-
lure, 25c. 311 Tehama, upstairs, near Fourth.
Aj ME. STEWART: <4REATKSI" CARD READ-
IU er and clairvoyant In world: seventh daughter ;
read cards since 11 years of age; mining, lawsulu
marriage: ladles or gents 50c 917 Market, 3 and 4.
ME. SYBILLE TKLLB FROM CRADLE TO
the grave: fee V 5 cents. 914 O'Farrell et.
1 RETURNED, WORLD-RENOWN ED MME.
V SCHMIDT, from the principal cities; tells past,
present and future; prices moderate. 856 Mission.
\l ME. DR. THOMAS. SCIENTIFIC REVEAL-
Xl er by *>gc* and cards: tells entire life, past,
present, future; consultations on all affairs; noth-
ing excepted; names given; good advice; sure
help: restores lost love by sympathy: mistake <m-
pns«lble: >.->■ 01 ■ letter !"j 9.9 PostsU. nr. Larktn.
BFIKITUALISM.
EST CIRCLK ; lG?Ur r . 10c: ARTICLES
1 read. MMX. YOUNG. 605 McAllister su
VfRS. J. J. WHITNEY" CLAIRVOYANT
i'l tr;i nee medium: sittings $1.- 21H Stockton at.
EDUCATIONAL.
T OSEPIi GRE V_Ni"vblCE-IMPRO VEIC" 82
Ninth sU
OOKKPNO. WRITNG. ABITHMTC. GRAM R
day A- nl;bt ; nr>cla;»e» : $5 month. 845 Mission
\ j its. MELVILLE fcNYDKK, STUDIO 514
i'l Suiter; teacher vocal music, piano, elocution;
dramatic elocution especially; vocal Shakesperean
c. asses; skirt-dancing, minuet, gavotte, etc. Vocal
classes resumed Monday at 8 p. m.; $1 per month.
800 X X EE PING BY TARR; ONLY ACCOUNT-
L» ant teaching; V 3 time and far more practical
than any college; rapid calculations. 659 Market.
"DOOKKEISPING-SCHOOL-PE N MAN SHII P
— > arithmetic taught In 6 weeks. 5 Stockton. rm. 2.
DE FOREST— STAGS, ELOCUTION. VOlCE-
btiilding. 14 McAllister, r. 44: 10:30 to 4:30.
p UITAR M ANDOLIX. PIANO AN D VOCA
VJ lessons: $3 ma MARY WESTHAUS. 39 Fifth.
SPANISH, FRENCH" ACADEMY. CASTILIAN
and Parisian, 3 lessons w. ; $3 m. Mare bld.,r. TtT
CPaNISH. FKENCH, GERMAN; MODERATE.
OMelsterschaft School Languages, 123 (yFarreU s.
VrOICE-iiUILDING, PANTOMIME AND ACT-
Ing. LEO COOPER, 814 Geary st. - -
PROFESSOR U. MANSFIELD, TEACHER OF
violin, guitar, mandoline, banjo. . 1707 Market.
YRES'. THE LEADING SHORTHAND COL-
lege. 325 Montgomery St.; individual instruc-
tion in shorthand, typing, bookkeeping, I etc: life
scholarship 950: low rates per week and month. .-.
IJELA&CO'S LYCEUM SCHOOL OF ACTING—
JL> Private theatricals arranged: pupils rehearsed
en stage. R. 5 and 12. 1.0.0. F. block. 7th and Mit
SCHOOL ELECTRICAL, CIVIL, MINING. M_-
chanical engineering, surveying, architecture'
fii-sav. esLab. 64. VAN DER NAILL.KN. 723ilku
HKALDS BUSINESS COLLEGE. 24 I'OST ST.
Bookkeeping, buainew practice, chorthanj,
typing, electrical engineer: telegraphy, modara
ianguage^ rapidly taught, w nic ior catalogue.
V I(iiI'i'sCUUOL;_KALC'»BU«>. CULL— UK;JI
.••> Post:romm»rciai. shorthand. English: low ra e»
"TfIOLIN. MANDOLIN, CELIA). BANJO; Rt'A-
> sonabie. PROF. fraNUs, lOioVa Valencia,
' CITY REAL ESTATE. '_ ; j
CC. BEMlfs,
• REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
. 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
$2600— E. side of stanyan St.. bet. Carl and
Frederick; 25x100 feet. * - ' ■
$430 — an Carlo* Villa lot: lOOtIS'J feet.
$6700— 50x127:6 feet on Jackson st., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay. -
ijstM.'OO— 2 modern houses of 8 rooms each, at
park: 25x137:6 ieet: electric road parses houses;
make offer.
$2500— 2-story 8-roomed house on Harrison su.
bet. First ana Fremont • j_SCAUJ(i£t tiffi
$8500— Elegant N W. corner of Col« and Carl sts.
300— Choice bnlldlns lots north of park.
In Oakland— l4UxBso. »W. cor. 19th aye. and
2Sth st.: elegant lawn, shrubbery, flowers and
fruit trees: good house of 9 rooms; stable and car- |
riage-house; all in good condition; must be sold; .
make offer. '*,
Q.\ ir )Z\(\ MAKE AN OFFER; 149x100:
<J)I_,«JU. block 135. Bumyalda Addition No. 1.
$750— Make an offer: 50:11x114; N. side Valley !
St., 50:10 W. ot Diamond. <
*450-33:ixl00: E. side De Haro st., 133 N. of
Yo!o. ■
$175—100x120; block 63, University Home- j
stead Association.
CHAS. C. FISHER. 507 California St.- I
Cj OyAn A SACRIFICE: 2 FLAT.-. 5 ROOMS ■
*&OO\J\J. tacht 2-story and basement: brick |
fuunda:!on, etc. 126 Germania st. j
TERMS $350 DOWN; ~~ ~~ ' j
BALANCE $30 per month,
including interest.
$2750— Modern residence known as 1217 Noe )
St.. bet. 25th and 26th: contains every modern im- i
provement; 1 block from < astro-st. cable and li a
blocks from 24th- su eh ctric road. ■ TOBIN & Me- j
N ALLY. 630 Market st. ■
I^OR SALE— LOTH HAVING A FRONTAGE
of 888 feet On the southeasterly side of Mission
St., from Precita aye. to Serpentine aye.. and also
having a trontace of 183 feet on Precita aye. Also
lot on son. h line of' Washington St., 25 feet 10 '■
incnes east of Dupont, 26x40 feet with 2-story j
brick building thereon, renting for $83 per month";
good tenant.
Bids will be received for the entire rrorerty or
for any portion of the same up to June 1, 1896. by
WALTER IIi.GE at 18 Post St., San Francisco,
care of JOHN H. GRADY.
Mission st. accepted and sidewalk in front of the ;
property laid wr.n bitumen and granite curb.
ARRISON 1.. NEAR TWENTY-THIRD;
rents for $20: good house. 8 rooms, basement:
convenient for 1 or 2 families: driveway oat-tide:
stable in rear; lot 26x1 ll); $.500. 2627 Harrison.
TTOR SALE— IOII CAPP ST., NEARTWENTY- j
-T fifth: sunn: . 6-room, bay-window, modern cot- 1
tage; lot through to rear St.; bargain; easy terms.
C?"l J'fj RARE "CHANCE FOR A HOME;
tJD-X-J-O\J. new 2-story cottage 7 rooms: corner
lot, 60x50. Holly Park: small payments, same as '
rent. CADENASSO & CO., 512 Montgomery st. <
OR SALE-*:2SU: XEW~, MODERN 5-ROOM ,
cottciee: Highland aye.. Holly Park, 200 feet j
east of Mission st. : terms easy. Owner on prem- .
ises every afternoon. ■ |
i) LOUSES ' AND LARGE STABLE FOR
— < sale, with lease. 231 Ash aye., near Franklin. :
<S«]7XA COTTAGE OF 4 ROOMS IN EAST
\pX I t)u. Berkeley: near station: south front- :
age; street graded, sewered and macadamized;
flower garden: terras easy.
$100— Lot 40x120; $10 down: $7 50 monthly.
•175— lot 25x135: $5 down: $3 monthlr.
CHAS. A. BAILEY, 20 Montgomery at.
\V. COR. FCLSOM AND VIST STS. ; 95x90 '
Oft-; will subdivide: cheap for cash: also a W. '
20th and Treat ay. ; 25x110 ft. Ing. 1205 Market.
T^OR SALE. CHEAP-TWO 2-STORY HOUSES:
■T lot 27:8x85: 7 rooms: bath: finished base-
ment; rooms decorated; electric wire: speaking ■
tubes: stone walks. On Waller st., near Stanyau,
half block from Golden Gate Park. -
A T A SACRIFICE— MODERN RESIDENCE
■£*- and 36-foot lot. cost $14,500; small cash pay- !
ment: rest monthly. Apply 2710 Devisafiero.
Q-QXA NEAT COTTAGE AND LOT; s'■
<J)OO\J. rooms: hard-flnlshed. 210 Andover
aye., bet. Crescent st. and East aye., Holly Paric
Tract. ■ .
ODERX 2-STORY DWELLING, 7 ROOMS,
bath, basement and attic, built for $2500: '
flats and cottages built at most reasonable rates.
Call and see plans. J.McCONaHEY, 1149 Mission
OR SALE — ELEGANT 12-ROOM HOUSE,
-» just completed, r.pp. Park: modern. 1917 Ouk.
COUNTRY KKAL ESTATE.
li?GEST BARGAIN YET ! READ THIS— j
175 acres fine land, beautifully situated, close !
to railroad town, Alan.edu County: several trains
dally; this land is practically level, and .well situ- '
»ted for subdivision in 5 and 10-acre homes: has
abundance of water; $S5 per acre buys it; don't
Bin this opportunity: as an investment you can '■
double your money in a shor; time. *H. H. j
CRANE, 410 Montgomery St. ■,^; ; :-.','
©OH (\(\ FO RIMMKHiA 1 block
—\J\t\J. of land containing 3 lots, 65x210
each, in town Alameda County, ani embracing 3
cottages, always rented: fruits, flowers: nice home; '
good school: perfect climate; cheap. H. 11.
CRANE, 410 Montgomery St. |
TOCK-RANCH ANDGKNERALFARM. ALA- I
meda County: 830 acres No. 1 grass land; |
abundance water: fenced a^id improvements:
s'.ock, implements, hay, etc; price re'lu -ed I > $20
per acre. including lease 820 ;i res adjoining, all :
under gooa fence. H. H.CR ANE.4IO Montgomery. ;
0 ACRES, 6 MINUTEV WALK FROM DEPOT:
•' Siitjol, Alameda County: house, barn, etc.; I
$1250. H. 11. CRANK. 410 Montgomery su
\ GOOD, OLD-FASHIONED NEW ENGLAND •
-TV farm: 390 acres richest river bottom land; ail i
under cultivation; 300 acres In wheat ; 14 -crop goes :
with sale; good house, 7 rooms, cellar; "n.ilk- i
house: barns: chicken-house; windmill: family '
orchard: ornamental trees; beautiful grounds:
siock. tools wagons co with place: price $40 per
acre and worth today $75: b>st value in State.
JOHN T. HALL, Alameda, Cal.
t"OUK CHOICE UNIMPROVED FRUIT AND I
X chicken ranches, 8, 9. 10 and 10 acres each: on !
your own terms. Send for our list of improved I
property for sale and exchange.
SHAND _ RIBLET. .Novato. Marin County.
S. F. office, room 8, 2d floor. Mills Bulldin?.
LKGANTLV FURNISHED SUMMER VILLA '
Xv and ranch at Los Gatos for sale; furnishings
insured for $5000: property of H. H. DaVls. :
CHARLi COLTON, 906 Market si.
BARGAIN FOR 1 WEEK— OF THE i
best 60acre vlnovard in >anta Clara Valley - '■
near Los Gatos. Address V.. box 5, Call OHice.
ONTRA COSTA COUNTYLAND FOR SALE: I
V^' send for HsU D. J. WEST, Martinez, CaL
M" APIS COUNTY— SOOO ACKES IS MILES i
from San Francisco.
Rancho de Novato.
Tracts cut any sire desired; fruit, grain and '
vegetab'e land: no Irrigation; both rail and water ■
transportation; $40 to 375 per acre; terms made '
to suit: send for circular.
Improved dairy farms for sale with cows.
SYNDICATE INVESTMENT COMPANY, 64
and 65 Chronicle building.
QjQ AN ACRE: 320 ACRES, HOUSE, i
<J3 \J fe.ire-, fertile soil, living water, plenty of ■
wood: crops never tail; good for stock, grain, ;
fruit, ponltry, etc.: terms easy: no snow; no i
chills. M. A. GRIFFIN, real estate agent. Cot- !
tonwooi. Shesta County, C*L j
END FOR OUR LIST OF ORCHARD HOMES
lor sale. WOOSTER « WHITTON. Saa Joaa. !
ITTLE HOMES CLOSE TO TOWN: TM- ''
proved; easy terms; also 4. 6 and 12 acre
pieces on 8 and 10 years' credit; 3 partly improved,
with small honse, etc. D. H. TWLMU, Ssouoaia
City. lr.Qiilre 632 Market st .S. F. ■■ ■
Ks=-A WEEK'S NEWS FORT 6 CENTS— THIS
—^—^ WJEKKI-Y CALL. IP wraDper. tor mailing.
PROPEBTI TO EXCiIASGE.
()(yHOVSKS^&. LOTS? FROMVl2so^o : irsroo6 I
— ■v/ 50 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to. Un j
20 houses, Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to ' 8,000
100 business places, all kinds, from $50 to. . 4,000
25 lodging-houses and hotels, from -'00 to : 3,000
4 flats, lot 50x114 6,000 ;
1 good lot in city........... 150
2 lots. Ocean View. 50x125 600
4 stores; 28 rooms: rent $lt'O 25.000
1 fc_LL AND EXCHANGE .
All kinds of property. ' "__
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opposite' Fifth
I) FLATS, • EACH; on cXr~_ine ; '
— worth $5000; price $3£00; payments; lot 25x '
114. DECKER, 1020 Market st. ' .
CIEMENT, CONCRETE OR PiTaStTrTng
\J work in exchange for good building 10U Ad-
dress C. C. box 99, Call. ■ ■-
IOCII ACRES TI.MP.ER LAND, KERN CO.:
1 _> \> wnter; (in«M<<rca'.iie-ra!s n«[. N..bx.l6.Cail
MONEY TO LOAN". V / V
C- I AA TO $5000 TO LOAN ON GOOD SECUH-
<iJDX\J\J ity by private party. A. L. D., box 79,
Call.
*JTinn c\iu\ TO WAX °- v LIFE INSUR-
iJ)X\J\.I.\J\J\J ance policies. JOSEPH B.TOP-
LITZ, 330 Plue. -
LOANS OK ' FURNITURE, PIANOS AND
diamonds: con:.<li:i;ial. Room 107, 6 Eddy st
"{ bT d: _'D M01.1'1.A1.1-.M: IN I ErtTT^l IN E>s-
A t»tes -.lowest ra:es;no delay.MUßPHY,62BMrlct.
1G CAPITAL IN TRUST AT 6 PEP. CENT; I
— * the same rate on a 2d mortfra-e or life Insur- i
ance, or across the bay. Coin, box 19, Call Office.
* I)V AiNCKS OX UI Ail O.N IWJ V, ETC
-'V Columbia Loan A Collateral On^lce, 9 Grant ay?. j
rPO LOAN BY PRIVATE PARTY; FROM $20
i. to $5000 on good security. I'.O.box 444, Oakland ;
NY AMOUNT: IST. 2D or 3D MORTGAGES:
A estates, undivided Interests, real estate la pro--
tatc. McCOLUAN. 24 Montgomery, rooms 2-3.
\\ ONKY. LOANED ON JEWELRY AND
I'l- other valuables at the Security Loan Offisa,
HC6MarkMsu.Br. Mason: private entrance 7 Turk.
ORTGACifcS. LOANS on~collatT:ka~~s :
low rates. Sylvaia Saloman — W°- ; ''-H Montgy
DIRECT ON YOUR FURKIT T JRE~OR PIANO:
no removal: no delays: no commissions: low
interest. Urn. 68. Donohne ' bldg. 1170 Market sr.
I'AWMJUOKEBS. ■
AT 128 > KKARNY BT, IiOOM B— MONEY j
loaned, watches, diamonds, etc. ; low rates: pn< '
vat« rooms: elevator: p>etig~i for sal 1 cheap. •-/:-*.
""^ ~ l ~—^—"^^ — »— — — — — — — ■
\ PBTSIOCABm. ~~~
'] > EMoVEl>^R77r7r7jTjo^7rETiT^ro~~i^o6
J-V Market st. : diseases of woman a specialty..
ON'T FAIL TO CONSULT . DR. JORDAN AT
his museum. 1051 Market St.; his 30 years'
successful practice is a guarantee of fair treatment*
Oie worst cases treated autisfactorllx by mall. . ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
t>AKLANI> KKAL ESTATE.
T'> EXCHANGE — GOOD . fiENTING OAK-
x land property for ranches and wild land: also
fruit, poultry and slock ranches forcitv property;
writ erne for what you want. J. H. KLSON, Real
Estate Exchange. 90S Broadway. Oakland.
9'WlO 3- A CRS FF.UIT AND POULTRY
~.O\J\J. ranch Cose to Oakland: part cash.
K. HILL. Donoboe buUdinn. -
Q'-^^fin 'UHICKKN KANCH; THIS 1-5 a
tijK/fJXJXJ. barjrain; improvements cost $4000;
the best improved chicken ranch In Contra Costa
County: only 2 hours' drive from Oakland. For
particular! apply to owner. v. P. MITCHELS,
painter, arteenth and Webster sts. Oakland.
• 1 Qrn.KASY TJCBMSj NEW 6-ROOM
1 •'O\J. house: block and half fiom cars: cor.
ner lot: an ideal home: see i: at once. WM P.
TODD, 1002 Broadway, Oakland.
~Q~±"- (\ " FOR BEAUTIFUL LOTS IN MEAD
C"i "' Park, which faces San Pablo aye.. Mar-
ket and Twenty-flith st-, in the center of Oakland;
terms, one-fourth cash. A. H. Br>-ed * Co., 4t>o
Ninth St., Oakland. or DAVIDSON & LKIGH, 137
iicnteomery St., San Francisco.
A TTKNTION BUILDERS — PARTIKS DE-
J\. sirine to build homes or bouses to rent will find
It to their advantage to call on us at once: special
attention given to alterations or repairs; plans and
specifications furnished free of charge. A. H
BLOW. 1010 Broadway.
OCSE AND BUILDING LOTS ON INSTALL-
ments equal to rent; close to Fruitvale sta-
tion: 45 minutes to San Francisco: 13 minutes to
Broadway. Oakland: street work all done: sewers,
pas and water in. Apply to Syndicate Investment
Company, KDWAKD DICK, agent, Fruitvale sta-
tion.
OAKLAND houses to let.
I^OR RENT— FINK furnished house of 9
rooms, ba:h and billiard-room; large grounds.
Apply MKS. BASCOM, losen station. West Berke-
ley. .
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS
OFFICE— I43S PARK STREET.
ALAMKDA HEAL ESTATE.
9^stor" yTi oT-sFrT^EvritA L^AVFTrjiorjKrtN
— improvements; lot cOillS; tine well; $3650;
good terms.
7.".: 0. reduced to — Beautiful home; nearly
new; 10 rooms: lot MKI4X; 80-foot avenue; street
work complete.
$1950— large 5-room cottage; Alameda »ye.,
near Park St.
•780— Lot 50x200: well located.
?650—L0- 50x180: we I located.
K. D. JUDD, 1424 Park St., Alameda. v_
( OTTAGE, 4 HOOMS AND BATH, LARGE
\J lot, $1800, $200 cash, balance easy terms:
cottige, 4 rooms, lar?e lot, $1000 cash. THUS.
F. UaIRD, 1303 Park st.
gkss salk OR WILL EXCHANGE for
— l«r^-e or small lot in Alameda, a new colonial
cottace of 6 rooms; street work and sidewalk.
J. H. YOUNG, 1243 Park at.
Ql 7^\(\ MODERN COTTAGE: 6 ROOMS
•_ 1 I O\J. and bath; $100 cash, $20 per month.
No. 736.
¥3600 — NE. cor.: new; 8 rooms »nd bath: open
Flumblu^. etc: $250 cash, 30 a month. No. 73*.
*3100— $100 ca3h. $-.•« a month: fine 6-room cot-
teze; lot 40x125; nice grounds. No. 608.
¥5000— Elegant new honse: 8 rooms: mast be
told: *500c»sli. *40 per month. No. 671.
$2800 — Snap: $150 cash, $25 p»r month: new
modern cottage; 6 rooms: lot 40x100. No 752.
?35OO— New modern -..'-story: 7 rooms and bath-
s2so cash. $30 per month. No. 662.
Houses to let in all parts of Alair.eda.
H. P. MORKAL _ CO.. 1432 Park si. Alameda.
VJEW COLON HOUSE OF 7 LARGE
— 1 rooms. just completed, on Central aye., 1 block
west from Perk St.; lot 36x140: rooms on lower
floor beautifully tinted »nd trescoed: parlor enam-
eled in o.d ivory- mantel while and srold; burl pan-
els in doors; plate glasn throughout: beautiful
brick mantel in dining-room: plumbing all open
work, and nickel-plated cement basement: elec-
tric appliance. Call and see this house, as lam
sure it you wish to buy it will suit you. GIIOF.UK
it. M. GRAY. 463 Ninth St.. Oakland.
ALA3IEDA HOUSES TO LET.
TO KENT— NEW COTTAGE: 5 ROOMS; ALL
modern Improvements; lawn: flowers: rent
$20: water free. 1434 Ninth. St., bet. Mastick and
Kncinal station. Alamoda. ■
BERKELEY KEAL ESTATE.
LTAPUNTA TRACT, THE GEM~OF THE
bay region, 906 acres subdivided: 3 miles
north of Berkeley, 8 from OaKlaud; 47 minutes
from San Francisco; lots 50x200 leet, from $80 to
$^00: small deposit; easy installments; Send for
beautiful map with prices and terms. GEORGE
W. HA.GHr. 220 Sansome St., San Francisco, Cal.
GOOD HOMES FOB RENT OR FOR SALE
on easy terms. O. G. MAY & CO., real estate
and building. -I\L?, Center st.. ■Rprtclev. ■.:. :■<• -■,?
IS £. XX E LBXHOG '
ri i:m?hkd h o6Sk7^vS^x£t FOR^~2
T months; 9 rooms and bath; beautiful view.
JO*. J. MA»O.\, Dwlpht-way station.
rOR RENT, IN BERKELEY— A MODERN
JT house of 10 rooms, bath and laundry; large
yard, stable and chicken-house; chcan. 10 responsi-
ble and permanent tenant; 3 block* from station;
convenient to University. Address Berk, box 10.
Can Office. -. •.:-..'■•
TiOK UKNT— AN F.LKGANT RKSIDhNt EOF
J 12 rooms, Dwight way, Berkeley: beautiful
prounds: profusion of flowers, fruit and shrub-
bery: carriage-house, barn, etc. M. L. WURTS,
I'Wigfri way station.
MEDICAL.
A LL CASES OF IRREGULARITIES RK-
-TA- stored in a few hours: safe and sure relief
guaranteed; travelers helped without delay: pri-
vate home in confinement: regular graduate
Physician: SO years' successful practice; MEDI-
CAL ELECTRICITY used: ladies, consult the
doctor before going elsewhere; you will save time
and expense: consultation free and confidential.
MRS. DR. WYETH, 916 Post St., near Larkin.
/ > RADIATED MIDWIFE TAKES LADIES IN
VJ confinement: very good care; in city or out.
Address 416 Sixth St.. a F.
ANKW PROCESS— NO MEDICINE, INSTRU-
nient or worthless pills used : every woman her
own physician for all lemale troubles, no matter
from what cause; restores always In one day;
helped at once: can be sent and used at home- all
cases guaranteed. DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
"I ADIES— CHICIIKSTER'B ENOLISH~PEN-
J-J ny royal Pills (Diamona Brand) are the best-
safe, reliable; take no other; send 4c, stamps for
particulars. '-Relief for Ladies." in letter by return
mail; at druggists Colchester Chemical Cum-
pany, Philadelphia Pa. ■■. ,
BLESSING TO LADIES SUFFERING
from Irregularities and diseases peculiar to
their sex: latest Improved method of treatment-
never falls: perfectly harmless: free from any bud
effects; never makes them sick to make them
well: travelers helped Immediately : prices to suit
the times; horn* in confinement. I»K. <x Kits.
DAY I L*. 14 McAllister St., next Hlbtrnla Bank;
consult free. .French regulating pink pills, $2.
ADIES, CONSULT FREK MKS. DR. SCOTT.
216 Powell st: only qualified specialist; $500
for case I fall to cure: diseases of the eyes treated.
RS. GOODWIN MAKES A SPECIALTY OP
diseases of women and restores ail cases Of ir-
regularity in one day; cure or no charge; separata
home tor patients: best skill; medical - attend-
nee; low lees; regulator, $1 1370 .Market si.
SURB CURE FOR ALL FKMALE DISEASES,"
from whatever cause; a home in confinement
with" every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed, by
MKB. DR. GWY-K, 226 Turk St.
IF IRREGULAR OR ANY FEMALE DISEASE.
X don't t_ll to see MRS. DR. PUKTZ, 254 V, 4th.
1"| It. HALL. 14 McALLISI'KU -virkkt, .N£A_
J-''Jon»s. I>iKea»es of women and children.
HOME. A FKIENT) AND MOTH-R'SCAKE.
MRS. DR. FUNKS, 1416 Eighth Bt..Alamcda.
A LPKAU'S FRENCH PILLS— A BOON TO
xV ladies troubled wl» irregularities: no danger-
safe and sure; $'.» 50 express C. O. D.: don't delay
until too late. OSUOOU BKOS.. Oakland. Cal.
DENTISTS. "'
DR. U T. t RA NZ— EX VKACtTo^N^PAINLKSsT
crown ■ work, bridge work . and teeth without
plates a specialty. 103 Geary St.. cor. Grant aye. jj
ROUME DENTAL ASSOCIATION, 759 MAR-
/ ket. bet. 3d and 4th. gas specialists: only reli-
able agent for painless extraction; artificial teeth
lrni $5: fillings frm $1 : extracting 50c, with gas $1.
Q/7 A NET FOR TEETH: WARRANTED AS
<p • good as can be made: filling $1. Dr. SIMMS,
centlst. 930 Market st., next Baldwin Theater. ■
R. DI.UM HILL, 1443 MARKET ST.,
near Eleventh: no charge for extracting whei
plates are made; old plates made over like new;
teeth from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given. • i
ONE.ST WORK: VERY LOWEST PRICE&
Pit. HARDCAsTLfc., 628 Montgomery, rm. L
'Ij!UL_!b_T OF.TEKTII, 97; WARRANTED
five years. . DR. V. CAVaLsKY. 24 Sixth st.
SET OF TKETH WITH OUT A PLATE. DR. _.
0 O. YOUNG. 1841 1>»U: st.
I \H. GEORGE W. LEEK. THiS GENUINE
XJ Leek dentist, discoverer of painless extract
and'patentee of lruj:rovea bridge work or teem
without any plate, moved irom 6 to i.O o'Farreil st.
PAINJJ 3 TRACTION. . 50c; CROWN
X tridße work a specialty; plates, $5 up; 13vear^
eiperieiice. R. L. WaLsH. D.D.s.. 815*»4 Geary.
IAK. K. H. SHAW, 224 KKAR.VY- BRIirOB-
.XJ work a specialty; open evenings 7:30 to 9. ■ ■ .
GOLTON DENTAL ASSOCIATIOX. HUH iIAJt-
V- kets^ DR. CHARLES W. DECKER. ! ;
DR. J. J. LEEK, 1200 MA R KJBT, COR.GOLDEN
Gate aye.— Open evenings;. Sundays tilt nooa.
IX. WORK REASONABLE AND WAfr
ranted. DR. J W. KEY. 1122 Market st.
> PARTNERSHIP XOTICES. "
CAN FRANCISCO, MAY 15. 1896— NOTICE IS
O hereby given that M. LEVY and L. J. PARK-
EH. of the firm of LEW « PARKER, have by
mutual a reoment this day dissolved partnership
M. LEVY, assumes all liabilities and collects all
money due the firm. L. J. PAUKK.':. ;
SEWING MACHINES. ,
ALL KINDS BOUGHT. SOLD, EXCHANGE*!
remeo, repaired; lowest rate* 2VsFgun_«.
£• ■ BICYCLES. '
P A CYCLER Y—NEW~WHEELS TO LET;
■X best accommodations. Terminus Geary, Mo
Aii later and Powell st. car lines.
IIIVOIiCE PKOCE_L>i>tiS.
Complaints filed: • •
Mary Chopard against Lonis Cbopard.
Addle 7.. Dnprey aaainst James M. Dupr^y.
Flora A. Capelli against Michael J. CapellL
Divorces /rrantea :
Nellie Lee from John Lee, for desertion, by
Judge Hunt. . ■
Nicholas Buja from Emma Buja. for desertion,
by Judge Sanderson. . •
. Grace Mauhewson from Thomas Mntthewson,
for iiegie':!.: by. Judge Troutt. Custody of child
and community property awarded to plaintiff.
_______
HORN*.
DEUSSING— In this city. May 14, 1896, to the
wife of T. Deusslnz, a daughter.
WHITELAW— In thi- city, May 13, 1396. to the
wife of Thomas A. Whllelaw, a son.
HAKKIEO.
ENDTER— SAGNER-In Mount Eden. May 13,
1893, at Cnion Church, by the Rev. Pan! Branke
of san Francisco, Rev. J. Endterof Mount Eden,
1 al., and Louisa Sagner of St. Louis, Mo. ;
LIPMAN— DAVIS— In this city. May 4, 1896,
by Justice of the Peace Kerrigan, Hubert Lip-
man and Amelia Davis, bo:h of >an Francisco.
•*— — - — — — — — _—_-—__—_—_—_
BIRTHS— DEATHS.
[Birth, mtirriajtc and death notices sent by mull
will not be inserted. They must be banded In at
either of the publication offices and be indorsel
with the name ami residence of persons autborixai
to have the same published.]
DIED. " .
Belott, Charles T. Herlihy. Maurice
Bernard. Michael A. Ilurleert. Gustavus Q.
Davis, Eva ; >.-: Larsoa. Clara C.
Dittnier. Friedericke Lun.lqvlst. Carl T.
Douhltt, D. William McMahon. Matihias
Duffey. Eugene Jlult Dora a. •
OanbaU. WilUam Ren vis. David M.
G«ndo:ti.MargQi<riteA. Keber. Elizabeth M.
G:b3on, Marvin P. RusselL Herman ■
Grants Jr.. Adolph Sail :..n. Mary
Grimley, Mary Weiss, Ising '
EELOTT— In this city. Mi; 14.1898. Charles T.
Belott.anH.iv,. of France, aged 42 years.
BERNARD— In this city, May ' lO.'lS^B. at 1220
Hampshire street, Michael i)., beloved husband
of Margaret Bernßrd, father or SI. U., F. a., J. C.
J. R. Bernard and Mrs. D. Murray, a native of
St. Thomas. Qoebee, aged 7:, v*-ars and 8 days.
— 9~.Notiu«or funeral nereafler.
DAVIS— In this city. May 14. 1896, Eva, beloved'
daughter of isi;iorKn('. , s h.r ; avis, and sister
of Loui.*. Healey, Alfred and Aaron Davis. Mrs.
Sol Ji.ccln, Mrs. Dave Lew and Florence Davis,
a native of San Fram-isro, aged \>o yenn
fl^*The funeral will take olace TO-MORROW
■ (Sunday), at 1 . o'clock p. »i.. trom the resi-
dence of her parents. 1506 Pacific avenue,
thence to Hills of Eternity Cemetery by carr'.ases.
DITTMER— In this city, May 15. 1994 Frieder-
icke, beloved wife of KrieierJch ! ; ;;rnii>r. a na-
tive of Bremen. Germany, aged 7(> years 10
months and 23 days, f New York and Philadel-
phia papers please copy.]
S3"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invi.ea to *<:-n i .11- funeral TO-MORKuW
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
den c. '.'US Fourteenth strep . near Howard.
Inierment I. O. <.». F. Cemetery.
DOCTHITT— In Colorado springs. f'o:o.. May 1 0,
1894, D. WUllam Dontnitt, Deloved husband of
Nellie Douthl t. and father Of D.William Dou-
thitt Jr., Edward A.. Je:iriie and Ala Douthitt,
a native of Tennessee, asea GO yean.
DUFFEY-In thiscitv, Mar 15; 1«9,;, i: u ?ene,
beloved father o! Geor^.* F. E. J. and CE.
DiitT y. ■ native of Ireland, a;e I 8") years.
MV lnterment private. Omit flow rs.
OAUBATZ— In this city. .Ma 7 15. 1-ns. William
Gaubatz beloved husba&4'of Friedi Gaubatz.
nnd father of Cnar'.es (ianbatz. Un brother of
Mrs. Herman Toepfer and Charles Gaubatx, and
brother-in-la.v of Mrs. George Qanbati, a native
1 of Darmstadt, Germany, aged •_'.; years 9 months
i and '.5 day,.
fiS~Frleucls Ann acqnainttnses ar' resoeot-
fuily invited to attend the funeral TO-MOKROW
- (Sunday), at 2 o'clock p. 11.. from San Francisco
T :rn Ha 1. 323 Turk street. Remains at the par-
lors of Gantner & Goats, 8 and 10 City Hall
square. Intenaen Cypresi Lawn Cemetery. by
electric-car from Thirtieth stree: and San Jose
avenue.
GENDOTTI-In this city, May 15. 1896. Marguer-
ite A., beloved daughter of Clement and Santnia
t^etidotti. and sister of Clementine, Theresa and
Louis uendcttl, a naive of Paris, France, aged
12 years 7 months and 9 days.
Js3*Friends end acquaintances are re^n°(-"-
fully Invited 10 attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(ounday). at 10:30 o'clock a.m.. from the resi- .
dence of her parents, 419 Ivy avenue, corner Oc-
lavia streei, thence to Sacred Heart C*iurch,
Fill more street, Detween Fell and Oak, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for the
repose 01 her soul, commencing at 11 o'clock a. _.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
GIBSON— In Santa Clrra. May' 15. 1893. Marvin
P. Gibson, beloved husband of Dora T. Gibson,
father of Dolores, and brother of Ralph H. Gib-
son, aged 32 years and 4 months.
Friends are respectfully invited to attend
the tuaeral MONDAY, M»y Is, at 1 o'clock;
p. m., trom his late residence In Santa Clara.
Friend* from >an Francisco lake 10 :40 o'clock
a. m. train. Third and To.vnsend streets.
OKAKTZ— In Santa Cruz. May 14,183 d. Adolph
Grantz Jr.. a^e.l 21 years 2 months and 22 days.
ttSTFrienls and acquaintances ars resDe'cl-
fally invited to attend the funeral THIS DAY
(Saturday), at 3 o'clock p. m., from the par-
lors of Henry Evers. St>s Washington street,
Oakland. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
GRIM LEY- In this city. May 15. 1893. Mary,
beloved wile of Francis Grimley, an i mother or
Mnmle and Frankie Grimley. a native of San
Francisco, aged 42 yen's.
ftt"*Frlonfis anl acqaatntanoei »r<» respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at b:IS o'clock a. m.. irom her late
residence. 915 Broadway, thence to S!. Francis
Cuurcb, where a solemn requiem mass will be.
celebrated for the repose of her sou', commenc-
ing at 8:45 o'clock a _. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HERLIHY'— In this city, May 14. 1896. Maurice,
beloved husband of Margaret Hetiiby, and
f.uherof David M.. May C. and the late Nellie
ani Daniel Her! iby. a native 0/ County Kerry,
Ireland, ;: e:i 74 year*.
fi^-The funeral will take place THl'' DAY*.
(Saturday;, at :3U o'clock a." m.. from his late
residence, lifts V2 Folsoai street, 1 hence to Si."
josepa's Cl.arch. where a BOlemn requiem ma
will be celebrated lor the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 a.m. Interment Mount Calvary
Cemetery.
! HURLBERT— In this City, May 15. 1H9"I. Gns
tavtis G., beloye«l b.usband of Friederlcka .- X
Hurlbert, and father of Mrs. Mcd l! very, Lyda
V.. Mrs. G., Lottie M. a:: t Boptali K. Hurl-
bert.a native of Na;ui:c'<et. Mis*., a (ed 56 years
'£ months and 15 days, [ Naatuckst p.ipers please
copy. ;
J62-The funeral will take place TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. M.. from I. O. O. F.
. Hall, Seventh and Market street*, imermeu:
1. O. O. k\ Oerneterv-. . •
I LARSON— In this city. May 14, 1896. Clara C,
beloved wife of Charles J. Larson, and mother of
John Anderson, a native of Varinland, Sweden,
aged 60 years 10 month? and 21 days.
4®"Frienai and acquaintances ar resoecs-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunaay), at '.' o'clock p. m.. from her late resi-
dence, 1801 Taylor street, corner Green, where
services ■ will be held. Interment I. O. O. F.
Cemetery..
LUNDQVIST— In Bntte City. Mont.. May 9. 1895,
Carl Theodor Lundqvist. beloved son of Ma
Lundqvist, and brother of Hilina. Oscar and
Alfre .1 Landqvlst. a native of Sweden, aged ii
years and 3 months.
McMAHON— In tnis city. May ID. 1895. Matthias,
beloved son of Mary and the late Matthias Mc-
Mahon. a native of san Francisco. a;eJ 17 years
. and 8 months.
JSStTNotlceof funeral hereafter.
MULLER— In this city. May 15.1893. Dora A..
beloved wife of Henry A. Muller, and daughter
of Axel and Emma Barckow, a native of Den-
mark, aged 22 years. -
BE AVIS— In this city. David Morton, beloved
husband of Ann K. Reavis. and father of James
J., William A., David M. Reavis Jr. and .airs. r.
S. Holt, a native of Missouri, aged 65 years 6
months and 19 days.
JO~Fricnds and Acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p. it., from Masonic
Temple, corner Poa; and Montgomery streets
under the auspices of Golden Gate Lodge No.
30, F. and A. M. Intermen; Masonic Cemetery.
REBER— lnthlscitv, May 14. I**6. Elisabeth
-■ M.. beloved wife of Geon? Jonann Reber, a na-
. tive of Germany, aged .46 years 5 months and 7
day*. ■•_'';._ ...
Ks"Friend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tne funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock p.m.. from her late
residence. 320 Laidiey street, between . Miguel
and Mateo. thence to St. John's German Luth-
eran Church. Twenty-second street, between:
Lapp and Howard, wher»- the services will be
hem at _' o'clock p. _. Interment Cypress Lawn "
. Cemetery. .
RUSSELL— In Dixon. Cal. May 14, 1898. Her-
" man Russell, a native of Germany. acred 53 years.
A member of San Francisco Baser Verein.
JK3" Friends and ' acquaintances are resDect-
fully Invited to attend th 9 funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at ■ 1 o'clock p. m.. from . the par-
lors of H. F. Suhr <t Co.. 1209 Mission street,
near Eighth. Interment LO. O. F. Cemetery.
SULLIVAN— In this city. May 15. 1896. Mary,
' beloved wife of John 11., and mother of William,
John and Mary ScUivan, . a native of County
Louih. Ireland, aged 57 years. : :
as* Friend s: ana acquaintances am r»ioest-
folly Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clocK p. it., from her late
residence. Army street and San Bruno road,
thence to St. Peter's Cnurch for services. Inter.
• men: Holy Cross Cemetery. -;-.
WEISS— In Martinez. May 15. 1896, Ising Weiss,
' a native of Westphalia. Germany, aged 65 years
1 month and 15 days. - "Brooklyn (N. V.) papers
please copy.] .' '£>i&§&32gsS&Bßggfe •
ear* Friends and acquaintances are resoee:-
fully Invited to attend the funeral TO-MORROW
(Sunday), at 12:30 o'clock p. _ from Masonic
Hall, Martinez. Interment Alhambra Cemetery,
Martinez. , . - ' . •
\ I'XDERTAREKS 1 . 1 "
EMBALMING PARLOUS. )
Every Requeue for Flrst-c_— 1 1'iinwaU •
at Reasonable Rates. r
■* Telephone .South 167. . ■ 27 and 20 Fifth si. |
MCAVOY&CALLACHER, "j '
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAT.XEBS, I
SO Fifth St., Opp. Lincoln School. I
;V' Telephone 8080. j
1516
"LUCKY BALDWIN'S
BABY GIRLIE,"
The Name by Which the
Infant of Miss Ashley
Is Known.
THE MOTHER'S STORY.
How She Met Baldwin and the
Strange Influence Exerted
Over Her.
A DETECTIVE'S QUEER WORK.
The Baldwin Hotel Supposed to Be
Filled With Witnesses— Miss
Ashley at Winchester.
Miss Lillian A. Ashley of Pasadena, who
issuing E.J.Baldwin for $75,000 on the
charge of violating her affections, is ac
companied at court by a guileless little
child, tLat makes things lively ever and
anon. The child is two years and five
months old. She has very light-blonde
hair and dark eyes, appears to be in excel
lent health, and is a type of the healthful
California child.
The mother is proud of it, and spends
much time looking after it. She says the
child is the one thing that sustains her.
Miss Ashley says it is untrue, as has been
reported, that she broke down on direct
examination a day or two ago from ner
vousness. On the contrary, as is averred,
court was adjourned because Judge Slack
Miss Lillian A. Ashley. Who Is Suing
E. J. Baldwin for 575.000, and Her
Little Two-Ycar-and-Kive-.Month-Old
Child.
had an important engagement, which he
felt he must keep, and adjourned court
himself on this account.
The young woman says, too, that she
feels that the suit is one of poverty against
millions. On one side is arrayed all that
money can buy. while on tne other there
was not money enough even to pay the
fees of jurors.
"I simply did not have the money to
pay these fees," sard she, "and it is only
by great effort that I can carry on the
case, but 1 feel that I must do it in order
to get justice for my child. If it wasn't
for little Beatrice nothing could have in
duced me to bring the suit. I would let it
go-
"It was through a strange circumstance,
the result of which was entirely unfore
seen by me, that I first met E. J. Baldwin.
To that I date all my trouble. My father
was a raiser of carriage horses. He had a
farm in Vermont, and I used to write let
ters for him as a young girl, in fact as a
mere child, and I remember once to have
had a collection of bits of the manes of
noted horses. It was a ~ort of a fad with
me, the same a.« collecting autographs or
other things is with some girls.
"I was but 17 years old, when, through
a girlish whim, I one day wrote a letter to
Mr. Baldwin. I had heard of him, had
read about him and his horses in some of
the papers my father took. I thought he
was a good, noble man. You know how
little a girl knows at that age.
"Mr. Baldwin answered the letter in a
pleasant way, and said he hoped to meet
me some time. We continued to exchange
letters at intervals for five years. He said
he wanted to consider me'as his daughter,
and spoke of his great wealth and what he
could do forme.
"My father at length died, and I, being
left without him, went to live with Mr.
and Mrs. Thompson at Winchester, Mass.,
the suburb of Boston. In 1891, after this
"NEW TO-PAT.
Purifies and Beautifies
by restoring to healthy
activity the Clogged, Ir-
ritated, Inflamed, Slug-
gish? Overworked Pores.
Sold throughout the . world. Pottbs Dava us
(him Coep.,Sol» Prop*, Bonton, U. S. A.
' ,£- "ti,,- roVnrifV «nd h««utify the Skin," mailed free.
w^^nmMm HI 1H H EZ U GvAn HfZP^
WEDDING
Invitations, Announcements, Cards, eS;., Engraved
and Printed. Correct style, low rates. 20 samples
end directions for correct form, modern weddlDcs,
milled postpaid for 10 cents in stamps, t BRUNT,
ftvx Pxivtise, 636 Clay St., Saa £ruicl«co, Cat.
desultory correspondence had continued
for five years, Mr. Baldwin came to visit
me.
"He renewed his offer, saying he desired
nip to consider him as his father, spoke of
j his mapnificant ranch and other property
in California and said he felt very lonely,
as none of his children cared for him an d
he desired me to go to California.
"At that time, as for some time before,
I was very desirous of completing a col
lece education. I wanted to enter Wel
lestey College or some other good institut
tion and finish the course. Mr. Baldwin
then offered to pay all my expenses.
"Time passed on and finally some
friends of ours, including Mrs. Thompson,
were coming in a Raymond excursion to
California and I made arrangements to
come also. At the last minute almost Mr 3.
Thompson could not come and I came
along with the others.
"In Arizona I got a telegram from Mr.
Baldwin asking me to come on to San
Francisco, and he sent me $25. I came on
and met him at the Baldwin Hotel, and
without my knowledge he registered me
there as Mrs. Ashton.
"When I had been at the hotel a few
days he came to me and said he was going
to Bakersfield, where he had a suit that
was going to be tried. He gave me $25 to
pay my hotel bill, and also $20 for my ex
penses down to Los Angeles.
"He said he would meet me in the
south. He met me and took me March 10
to Coronado, where he registered us as
Baldwin and daughter. I must pass over
the artifices he used to gain the ends which
j must meet condemnation everywhere.
, They were characteristic of the man. I
found out afterward I wa3 not the only one
he nad desired, but that I was one of many,
and that not the slightest confidence could
be placed in him. He gave me $20 more.
At another time He gave me $120, and at
another $40.
This last amount was at St. Louis. I bad
gone to Cincinnati and he was to meet me
there. I was in great trouble. We had
talked it over and he told me to go on to
Cincinnati, and a little later he would j
come there and everything would be all '
right. He never came and I was soon con- !
vinred thac he never intended to come.
"I^e had gone to St. Louis, where there
were some races, and I went out there to
see him and try to get some satisfaction.
When he saw me he 88id, 'You can just
! go to .' I wanted him to do something
j to support me — to take care of the child.
He said he would never give me one cent.
"'Why,' he said, 'you needn't think I
' care for a suit either, for a cood lawsuit of
j this kind is just about the best kind of an
advertisement a man can have nowadays.' ,
"He stormed and raged and swore. Fi- j
■ nally he gave me $-,v, and that is all the !
! money I have ever had .since. He has !
; paid nothing toward the support of the j
child, end I have had a long, hard strug
gle as a hairdresser at Paaadena to sup
port myself and child and earn a few dol
lars to carry on this suit.
"I did wrong in one thing. When I i
was still East, and in the height of my j
trouble, ashamed to go to Mr. and Mrs.
i Thompson and other close friends, I met j
and consulted James K. Wood, a detective :
of Boston. I had known of him by repu
tation for some time, and supposed he
wa* a good man. Wood said he would I
manage the case for me, would see Bald- !
win and get what was just for me for the
support of the child, and would, he said,
get pay for himself also. In other words
he said he would get enough for both.
"Well, he went to Baldwin, and the first i
thing I heard was that he had whipped
right around ar.d joined him. Baldwin's
money did it. I think, too, that the de
tective is right in the Baldwin Hotel now,
as I believe one or two more of his asso
ciates are. I hear, too, that Baldwin is j
going to have a lot of people from my
home out here. I don't know what they
are going to swear to. J. can't foretell that,
but any number of lies are by no means
impossible.
"Ex-Governor Long of Massachusetts told
me that 1 had a very good case and that
he could win it there for me. Here, of
course, I am almost a stranger and pen
niless, while Baldwin has the advantage
of being very rich.
"My foster-brother has been referred to.
I never had a foster-brother. I have two
brothers and one sister, but that is all.
These men, Richard Y. Hardin of Ken
tucky and Major Chamberlain of Rich
mond, Va., who are going to testify for
Baldwin, according to the reports, are no j
such fine gentlt men as has been set forth,
as later I think will be shown. One of
them wrote the other that his friend Bald
win was in a hole and he wanted him to
come and help him out. At the proper
time I will tell ttie whole truth about
Major Chamberlain, who is not a gentle
man and who was. one of Mosby's guer
rillas.*'
The big case is expected to last three
weeks yet. Many witnesses are to De ex
amined. Miss Ashley's child is named
Beatrice Anita Baldwin and the little one
says she id "Lucky Baldwin's baby girlie."
ITALIAN BANQUETS.
Dr. Pescfa to Be Honored— John I .
Fugazi'B Anniversary.
A number of members of the Italian
colony have decided to express their sat
isfaction at the appointment of Dr. l'escia
as Consul-General of Italy in this City by
tendering him a banquet at the Commer
cial Hotel. The banquet will take place
at the end of the month, when Dr. Pescia
enters into his new duties.
Another banquet that is being looked
forward to with considerable interest is
one that John F. Fueazi will tender to a
number of the leading men of the colon y
on the 30th inst. Ever since Mr. Fugazi
returned from Rome, where he went as
one of the California representatives to
the 30th of September celebrations, he has
been desirous of regaling his friends in
commemoration of his return home. He
deferred the banquet till the 30th ins.,
however, as that date will celebrate the
thirty-sixth anniversary of Mr. Fugazi's
first coming to California.
THE SAN FKANCISUO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 16, 1896.
LEROY G, HARVEY
IS INDICTED.
Trusted Agent of Mrs. Emily
A. P. Smith and Miss
Maud A. Smith.
THERE ARE FOUR COUNTS
Two for Grand Larceny and
Two for Embezzlement of
Gas Stock.
BENCH WARRANT FOR ARREST
The Breach of Trust Involves $40,000.
How Harvey Duped the
Widow.
The Grand Jury yesterday found four
indictments against Leroy G. Harvey, a
well-known private banker and financial
agent of this City. Two of the indict
ments are for grand larceny and two for
embezzlement. The sum which Harvey
is said to have embezzled approximates
$40,000, but the amount immediately in
volved is $12,000. representing the value of
300 shares ot the capital stock of the Oak
land Gas, Ligtt and Heat Company, which
were assigned to him for a specific pur
pose by Mrs. Emily A. P. Smith and her
daughter, Miss Maude A. Smith, of San
Francisco.
The Grand Jury heard as witnesses in
the indictment proceedings: Hnrry Piper,
Chief Deputy in County Clerk Curry's
office; Emily A. P. Smith, John A. Brit
ton, J. Dalzell .Brown, Maude A. Smith
and Guy C. Earl, a State Senator from
Alameda County.
The case was presented to the jury by
District Attorney Barnes. The indict
ments were reported to Judge Slack. The
District Attorney said to the court that
there was no necessity for placing the
papers on the secret file.
The first indictment for grand larceny
sets forth that on August 25, 1894, Leroy
G. Harvey did feloniously steal and carry
away one certificate representing 225
shares of Oakland Gas, Light and Heat
Company of the value of $40 per share, the
personal property of Emily A. P. Smith.
The second indictment is embezzlement
and states that in San Francisco on
October 31, ISJ>4, Leroy G. Harvey was
then and there, as Dailee of Emily A. P.
Smith, entrusted with 225 shares of Oak
land Gas, Light and Heat Company stock
and did embezzle, convert and appropri
ate said stock to his own use contrary to
the said trust as said bailee.
The third indictment is for grand lar
ceny and sets forth that on August 2,
1894, Leroy G. Harvey did steal seventy
five shares of Oakland Gas, Light and Heat
Company stock belonging to Maude A.
Smith.
The fourth indictment charges embez- j
zlement and sets out that on August 4,
1804, Leroy G. Harvey as trustee of Maude
A. Smith was entrusted with one certifi
cate of Oakland Gas, Light and Heat Com
pany sioik, valued at $40 per share, and
did in violation of the trust wilfully and
unlawfully convey the same to his own
use.
On October 8, 1891. the estate of George
Law Smith of San Francisco was distrib
uted to his heirs — his widow, Emily A. P.
Smith, and his daughter, Maude A. Smith.
The estate was very valuable, consisting
of desirable real estate in San Francisco,
stocks, bonds and other securities. At
the time of his death, or shortly beiore his ;
demise, George Law Smith owned the |
valuable gore property at the intersectioi
of Market street, Golden Gate avenue ami
Taylor street, on which the Colonnade
Hotel stood.
He was a careful, prudent and economi
cal citizen, and as a result of his industry
and prudence his widow and daughter be
came possessed of a large share of worldly
treasures.
Having vast and varied property in
terests to look after the widow deemed it
advisable to employ the assistance of a
financial agent. Leroy G. Harvey, a pri
vate banker of reputed sagacity and fine
business attainments, was engaged a? Mrs.
Smith's agent. She had the utmost con
fidence in his integrity and the greatest
admiration for his judgment. For a long
time he managed the property interests
confided to him to the satisfaction of the
prepossessing widow and her engaging
daughter.
According to the story which was told to
the Grand Jury yesterday Harvey in July
or August of 1804 represented to Mrs.
Smith that be desired to enter into a deal
or speculation which promised a large
return to any one fortunate enough to
become associated in the enterprise. He
represented to the creditloua widow that in
order to get a fair stanai ng in the company
he would have to convince his associates
that he had ample means of his own.
Therefore he said to her: "Assign to me
these certificates of Oakland gaslight stock
[ and I will show the securities to the men
with whom 1 am to be associated, and
they will be convinced that I have the
necessary capital to get along."
Mrs. Smith had always trusted him as
her financial agent and confidential man
ager of her business affairs, and so she as
sented to the assignment or transfer of
the stock to him on the condition that he
would restore the property to her as soon
as he made this temporary use of the
stock.
The Grand Jury narrative was to the
effect that Harvey did not return the
stock, but appropriated it to his own use,
and ultimately sold it to innocent pur
chas'rs. It is said that some payments
on account of the stock were made to the
widow. Transactions in other securities
must have followed, for statements were
made to the jury that Harvey had con
verted to his own use some $40,000 worth
of property belonging to Mrs. Smith and
Miss Maude A. Smith.
Senator Ony C Earl accompanied the
widow and her daughter to the District
Attorney's office, where the investigation
was held with closed doors.
The jury did not deliberate long after
the witnesses were heard, and the infer
ence was created by this circumstance ibat
a clear case of grand larceny or embezzle
ment had been established.
On motion of District Attorney Barnes
in Judge Slack' 3 court a bench warrant
was issued for the arrest of Leroy G. Har
vey. The warrant was at once placed in
the bands of an officer of the Jaw.
The story as told to the Grand Jury
dates back several years. One of the wit
nesses said : "During the latter part of the
lifetime of George Law Smith, Attorney
Harvey attended to his law business and
cave such perfect satisfaction that Mr.
Smith placed the utmost confidence in
him. Harvey was conversant with all the
affairs of Smith and advised him regard
ing the various deals and investments
that a capitalist might be expected to
make.
"In 1890 Mr. Smith died and his widow
and daughter placed their affairs unre
servedly in the hands of Harvey. They
left everything to him and according to
their story did all that he advised and
wished, never doubting but that he was
always working for their best interests.
"They signed whatever he wanted, sign
ing without asking any questions, and
never doubted anything proposed by him.
When he told them it was best, they gave
him their power of attorney and let him
do just as he pleased, provided he told
them it was for the general good of the
estate.
"When G. L. Smith died he left an estate
valued at over $200,000; $60,000 was per
sonal property and the balance realty.
All the personal property was considered
to be gilt-edged, and consisted of mort
gages, shares of stock ana bonds.
"A short time ago a friend advised Mrs.
Smith to asfc Harvey to show her all the
papers in his possession and to render a
general accounting of his stewardship.
Then the discovery came that many valu
able papers were missing, others were not
what they should be; mortgages had
changed hands, and in some instances
were not recorded and were substituted
for notes of precarious value.
"The greatest individual loss was 300
shares in the Oakland Gas Company.
Harvey could not produce them, and an
investigation showed a very peculiar state
of affairs. A few months ago Harvey
went to Mrs. Bmith, and producing her
gas stock, said that be had a private deal
to close and wanted to maKe a good show
ing. He told her he had never asked for
a favor previously, and if she would just
indorse the stock over to him it would be
a great convenience. Jlnrvey said he had
any amount of real estate, but he could
not make such a timely showing as he
could with gilt-edged gas stock, so Mrs.
Smith signed as Harvey wished, 'just tem
porarily.'
"It has been discovered that seventy
five shares of the stock were sold last
August, and the balance are yet to be re
covered.
"When Mr. Smith died there was a
mortgage of $3000 on Harvey's own place.
In March, 1894, Harvey told Mrs. Smith
that he wanted to pay off that mortgage
and asked her to sign a release. Naturally
supposing that he had paid the money
into the estate, she signed the release and
recently discovered that the house had
been remortgaged to Emily Barstow of
Oakland for $5500 and the note is indorsed
by Harvey and his wife. Another mort
gage of $7000 is regarded as worthless and
there are several similar transactions. Al
though the whole of the $W,OOO worth of
personal property is not ]eopardized, it is
not considered that any portion is abso
lutely safe."
Leroy Harvey lives at 1128 Filbert street,
Oakland, with his wife and family. His
friends express great confidence in him and
assert that he will be able to prove that,
though very unsuccessful, his ventures
were undertaken in good faith.
Mr. Harvey is an an old-time resi
dent of San Francisco and is well known
as a shrewd dealer in real estate. Along
with Masten he managed the deal by
which the property of tde new Postoffice
site was secured and sold to the Govern
ment. It is thought Harvey made a good
round sum of money in this transaction.
One ot his friends said last night that
there was another side to the story of his
dealings with Mrs. Smith, and that Har
vey would never be convicted of embezzle
ment or grand larceny.
SINGLE TAX EXPLAINED,
J. M. Reynolds Expounds the
Doctrine to the Iroquois
Club.
He Starts With the Idea That the
Full Product of Labor Is the
True Wages of Labor.
By invitation J. M. Reynolds spoke be
fore the Iroquois Club on the subject of
"Democratic Principles and Human
Rights as Related to the Single Tax." The
speaker, quoting from Patrick Edward
Dove's "Theory of Human Progression,"
said :
Nothing can be more self-evident then than
that an oi>ject is tne property of its creator.
And when political economy has determined
by a seientllic method which" is not arbitrary
what value is created and who creates this
value, politics take* »u|> the question wnere it
was left and determines according to a method
which is not arbitrary to whom the created
value should be a^si^ned.
"This," «aid Mr. Reynolds, "is the key
to the whole industrial problem. Political
economy is really the science of how to
get a living equitably.
% 'lf the foregoing proposition be true, it
necessarily follows that the full product of
labor is the true wages of labor against all
the world— all forms of taxation under
whatever pretense. And in like manner
the rental value of the land in any com
munity is the property of that community,
in virtue of the fact that it arises in conse
quence of the numbers, virtue and indus
trial activities of the community. This is
the whole doctrine of the single tax, and
the most f undamental of human rights as
well.
"Men have been divorced from the land
so long that they hardly realize that they
ever had any natural right to its use, but
must as a matter of course purchase the
privilegt of other men who are by com
mon consfnt called the owners.
"Credence rules the world. Cbantre the
credence of men and a change of action
will surely follow. Single taxers are seek
ing to change the credence that it is right
that some men should own the earth and
charge others for the privilege to use it —
to the rational credence that all men have
an equal right to the use ef the earth to
supply their wants.
"The method is simplicity itself. Our
revenue law is so framed that not a line of
affirmative law is needed — only the repeal
of the taxes on persons and the wealth
created by human labor. You touch the
button and the revenue law as it is will do
the rest."
At the close a fusillade of questions were
fired at the speaker, all of which he an
swered in the best of humor and with evi
dent satisfaction to the audience, show
ing him to be an absolute master of the
subject.
The club immediately tendered a vote of
thanks and an invitation to speak again
on the same subject.
Little Infant*' Shelter.
This afternoon the ladies of the Little In
fants' Shelter will give a tea at the home, 512
Minna 6treet. At 3 o'clock in the afternoon
the children of the kindergarten will enter
tain those present, and chow their proficiency
in their 6tudies. An invitation has been ex
tended to all who are interested in the char
itable work of the ihelter to be present.
GREATEST VIOLIN
IN THE WORLD,
Achille Rivarde Says It
Was Made, in San
Francisco.
REAL CREMONA VARNISH
He Declares that the Ideal of
Europe Exists in San
Francisco.
WILL PLAY THE VIOLIN HERE.
The Great Artist Amazed to Find
Such Genius in the Heart of
So Young a City.
San Francisco haa one of the finest
violins in the world and a varnish manu
factured by a local lover of art, the equal
of which has never been made since the
days of the celebrated Italian masters. At
least so declares Achille Rivarde, who has
played before the crowned heads of Eu
rope and would seem to be responsible for
the truth of his utterances.
"I am astonished," he said ; "astonished
beyond all measure. I have been on the
tiptoe of excitement during the last three
days, and even yet can scarcely accredit
the evidence of my senses. I will teil you
all about it— how I discovered the violin
and the varnish as well. It was in this
wise:
"As you know, I was given a reception a
short time ago at the Bohemian Club.
There 1 met a man named C. D. Robinson,
who very modestly acquainted me with
the fact that he had what he thought was
a superior varnish for violins, and invited
me to his house to see it
"Never dreaming that so grand a dis
covery lay before me, I acquiesced and
callea upon him.
"To say that I was astonished would be
to put it mildly. I was amazed. I was
simply enraptured.
"This man's varnish is equal to the
'Strad' varnish, the very finest of the Cre
monas. This may sound strange and seem
almost incomprehensible, but it is as true i
as that I am alive and speaking to you
now."
Here the master's excitement got the
better of him, and he rose and nervously
paced the floor.
"Do you know," he vehemently ejacu
lated, "that I saw violins varnished by
this man, and it was piling wonder on top
of wonder?
"It was not done like ordinary violin
makers would do, but it was done artisti
cally. Laying the quality of the varnish
entirely aside, it was executed in a man
ner that would have elicited my delight if
I had been in Europe.
"This varnish was not made chemically,
as is commonly done, but of the very
finest gums, which must have come from
foreign countries.
"After showing me the various varn
ishes, Robinson said: 'I have something
in store that I am convinced wi'l cause
even you to wonder. I have i>een waiting
for some one whom I believed would ap
preciate it for years,'
"And then he took me to a man name 1
Bronson, in an obscure place on Clay
street, and there 1 saw in the white wood
the most marvelous copy of Guenarius 1
I ever saw in all my life.
"The agility I displayed in laying my
hands on that violin and paying the price
asked for it on the spot makes me laugh
whenever I think of it."
Rivarde paused and chuckled audibly.
His countenance wore the same beatific
expression seen on that of a child who
had just been especially favored by Santa
Claus.
"I handed it immediately to Mr. Robin
son," he continued, "and asked that, as
an especial favor, he would varnish it for
me. You know the finest violin in the
world can be utterly ruined by a poor
varnish."
"With two or three years' practice on
this violin I expect to have one of the
tinest instruments made either in olden or
modern times.
"When I play with This violin in Eu
rope 1 expect it to render the maker and
the varnisher famous. This Robinson is
one of the greatest connoisseurs or dilet
tantes, whichever you wish to call him, I
have ever seen. He talks in the most in
telligent and true way of instruments and
their history I have ever heard. In my
opinion, he is on 6of the three greatest
connoisseurs in the world. The others are
a Mr. Smith of Chicago and a Mr. Clopton
of New York."
In his enthusiasm Rivarde frequently
mixed the manufacturer of the varnish
and the maker of the violin together in a
way tliat defied elucidation, and would
have to be asked to speak of them sepa
rately.
"If I give an extra recital here, which is
most probable," he said, "I shall certainly
play a piece upon this violin. In ail its
details it is the tinest type of the Guen
arius. and San Franciscans will be as won
der-stricken as I am.
"It has the largest tone of any violin I
ever heard, and when it is seasoned it will
gain a vast deal in mellowness, and will
be the finest instrument in the worid for a
soloist."
Returning to the men again, he said:
"Why, the modesty of these men is
such that 1 was dumfounded when I saw
these things."
And then he came around to what he
thought would be skepticism on the part
of the public, saving:
"I am all the more surprised hecause
San Francisco is a new City in a newly
settled country and has not attained the
high plane in art that comes with age.
To find such an instrument and such var
nish here I never dreamed of. Europe
will have a good lesson by this.
"Why these things have never been dis
covered before is simply inexplicable.
Men have been endeavoring to equal the
Cr.°mona varnish for years and years, bu:
even in Europe they have come far from
perfection. This man tells me he ha 3
been hunting for this varnish for years, and
one thing I can vouch for— he has found
it."
By this time the violinist had calmed
down sufficiently to talk calmly, but the
loss of enthusiasm in his manner in no
wise detracted from his earnestness.
"Just you wait," he said, In conclusion,
"till the San Franciscans have heard this
instrument speak to them, and if they do
not acKnowledge the divinity of its" ac
cents and bow at its shrine, I will be nu re
astonished than when I discovered it."
NEW TO-PAY— DRY GOODS. _ n __^__ |
LMiillyllls
OF EXTRAORDINARY MERIT!
, .^ — — — — ■
In conformity with our rule of offering EXTRA INDUCEMENTS to our
Bargain-Day patrons we select a variety of the MOST SEASONABLE AND
POPULAR LINES and place them ON SPECIAL SALE TO-DAY at figures
that in many cases are
: ONLY ,% TO % MDES!
LADIES' KID GLOVES
-A.t 25 Cents.
200 pairs 4-BUTTON KID GLOVES, in tan and brown shades, sizes 6%, 7 and V/i t
\ extra good value for 75c, will be offered at 25c a pair.
J\-t 25 Cents.
150 pairs BIARRITZ KID GLOVES, in mode and slate shades, all sizes, extra good
value for 75c, will be offered at 25c a pair.- ■
A.t SfeX.OO.
500 pairs 4-BUTTON DERBY KID GLOVES, in tan, red, brown and English red
shades, extra good value for $1 50, will be offered at $1 a pair.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS!
.A-t 75 Cents.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Satin (lined), value $1 25, will be offered at 75c each.
j£^t 61. 00. _-.
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Surah Silk, with ruffles, value $1 50, will be offered at $1
each. is
J&.t. &I.CSO. i
CARRIAGE PARASOLS, in Gros-Grain Silk, with one and two ruffles, value $2, will
be offered at $1 50 each.
jf*~^% T^^ f^\ I tT m^ T ■ m^% f^\ T"^ T
CORSETS! CORSETS !
At 65 Cents.
50 dozen LADIES' BLACK CORSETS, extra lone waist, high bust, two side steels,
perfect fit guaranteed, regular price $1, will be offered at 65c each.
NEW DRESS TRIMMINGS!
COLORED SPANGLED TRIMMINGS, in the newest patterns, latest shad ings, all
widths, from 10c a yard and upward. * '
JET AND COLORED YOKES, both Beaa and Spangled, with and without epau-
lettes, latest designs, and at very low prices.
BLACK OSTRICH FEATHER BOAS AND COLLARETTES, from 18 inches to 54
inches, best quality. 18-inch ; $3 to $8 50 eacn ;36 inch to 54 inch, $8 50 to $18 50 each.
DRESSING SACQUES AND LADIES' CHEMISES!
LADIES' DRESSING SACQUES, made of Eiderdown flannel, in red, blue, pink and
cray, perfect lit, regular price $1 50, will be offered at 75c eacb.
/%. -f. s^y Conts.
LADIES' CHEMISES, made of fine material, finished with deep ruffle, edged with
colored emDroidery, regular price $1, will be offered at 50c each.
MEN'S FURNISHINGS!
-A-"t 10 Cents. ■ •
100 dozen MEN'S, LADIES' AND BOYS' ALL-SILK WINDSOR SCARFS in new
designs of fancy figures and in light and dark colors, extra good value for 25c will
De offered at 10c each.
-A-t 3.254 Conts.
162 dozen MEN'S FULL-FINISHED HEAVY MERINO SOCKS, with double spliced
heels and toes, in sanitary gray and vicuna colors, regular price $2 a dozen, will be
offered at 12'^c a pair.
-A.t 25 Cents.
75 dozen MEN'S CHEVIOT AND MADRAS OVERSHIRTS, in a choice variety of
colors, extra well finished, regular price 50c, will be sold at 25c each.
REMNANTS ! REMNANTS !
■_-' In connection with the above the week's vast accumulation of Remnants and
Short Lengths of DRESS GOODS AND SILKS will be cleared out
AT GREAT REDUCTIONS TO-DAY.
M , $/ia^^^ MURPHY BUILDING, /
&AJST
J\ -. • /
5. - "Knocks Out All Others." I
£ . .... Tf
'$. The Large Piece and High *
£ Grade of " Battle Ax" has injured *)
«i the sale of other brands of higher *
m prices and smaller pieces* Don t a
Jf-v allow the dealer to impose on you .T
•' by saying they are "■■'} just as good " '•
\ as "Battle Ax" for he is anxious *
5 to work off his unsalable stock* r